 fV•objecttotheFinanceCommittee.Thecommaers,andfortheseapprehensionsofcoming whiletheSouthcouldborrowtoanyextentonanotherBourbon,andopposesaColtsrevolverlinuestomakenominationsandtoplayaf«ebj* cleaticn was finally re*emd to the Committee on the Seward party and betraying the interests of the security of its staples, It was oo the pledge of and deetrnetire part in metropolitac politics ArtsandSciences.TheelectionofOr.AtkerasevilinWallstreet,lettheresponsibilityrestthiscitylongenough.LetthepeopleriseupinSootherotobaccoandricethatourgovernmeottotbeoldfashionedstiletto.Assistant KEgtnetr of the Fire Department waa where It belongs—upon the republican party their might one week from today and seal her made its first loan in Europe from • French Truly, as Galileo said, the world does move. Worse than all, Tammany has aucc&Ebed W confirmed. The Treasurer reported a balance of and its programme for the suppression of sla- doom, and place the old harlot where she wilt banker. Cotton was then of small account; but The European peoples are'evidently preparing the pernicious influence of the Albany Regen- $mjminthetreasury. very,anduponW.H.Seward,thegreatex-havenochancehereaftertoassisttheoppo-nowthatcottonisking,andcottonisepecie,tofollowourexampleandtosetupintiiecy,underwhosenpssshadeeverythingdeceC*the Board of Couneilmen were in session last pounder of this party. The promises of mode- nents to tbe democracy. This oan be accom- how is the value of Southern securities increas- business of government on their own account and honest becomes poisoned and withers. Teeing, hot the business transacted was of a rou- ration and peace from other republican leaders plished In oo better way than by rallying They certainly cannot make a worse hand of it Tammany has become the tool of the infamcsJN E WY O R KH " ^easToMt „ compared irith the mortality country. Mr. Seward, the panic m~~, - - jof the week prev-ous, and 18more than occurred kindled a fire which, If not extinguished m U - m0rt apathetic a « o i « ^ T b « todaringthecorrespondingweeklastyear. There- election,willperbap.onlybee*ti^iabe-aInvoe Dixon's line. , . .JABKBOOHDOSEDITOR AND PBOPRIBtOR.aoeanovethe Falls of NisgsJ* ^ ^ * *** * of stoical lad iamW ALLACE'S you.To Europe the future of Baly i s as elected. Alabama and South Carolina ar*A<-not r«orut«i at irtfH"r|»M«"jorv..Mo. 303. __• . - uuin rsaf/trA confidence to the daringthepastnek,JJgfi * m & £ S 3 U & ••" ^ ->—He SUww*»**»»**T Cri»*JH E K A I X D .•sapsBKftWKTT.fevers. 5 premature births. 71 of diseases of the "SB$\KKL¥2efi&^'^ijL¥£2r2Z \S'WMCB,bowelsandotherdigestiveorgans.49of i*tS^«^J*«an£»73^^ '***eralfevers.Iofdiseaseottheurinaryorgans,tion debate in the. 8 * ^ ' 'am *- w / i r »BKAi*t~ *w<>&:*r5», . Chamber explains place betwwf -r polloy wa*h ha* taken| »»* WUB^7, **^•$?*• that everyihjnr J sewlrd, and thj* Instability aad rerclirI !!aIan^ k ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ t Z l ^ f ^ ^ ^ \ tiaity table gives K3 natives of the United State. !. iuUlaugh and sing and act as if they were ou a«e incorporation of Venice and Rome which the statesmen of the North are acting in soldieJ would dream of s.tch folly. In any j i>ti« ns at the South, It seems eridezt'^'l&LZZP** ^JZZZ. WiEamlamd,tCofIreland,S3ofGermany,5of :^^^S^SSS^KSt^S^ beetlaod.sodthebalanceofnrleusforeigncoun. The foreign ne*. yssterdsj iBBp*'*"^ m'ff, firmnessponed, not abandoned. , Six months, in Count have scarcely yet begun to realize the perilous event of there States being severed, no human Cavour'sopinion,willsufficetochangeentirelysituationinwhichtheyhaveplacedthemselvespowercaneverreunitethem.Thewiseaod the circumstances which at present prevent and the people. But tbe current of events the pa'riotic policy, therefore, for Northern their absorption. " We desire," he says, " that moves swiftly on, carrying tbem and all others men is <o prevent the catastrophe, oct by fire theEternalCityshallbecomeliecapitalot Withittowardstbedreadfulcataract.neither he raor Douglas will get a sfeglt ral vote there while every Southern Stab concentrate upon Breckinridge as theirrmmrtiIke »M«HImaSK^sst in- '&~2£T*iik Mtttm, tkmjmmw*^tlw sa'ci enbraoedot union.and Causes of the change, embracfajgtatiuns in the relative positions of curious and iastructiee.Mil activity to the c-'iwa m»rk*tabeet 4 000 bslM, inetwilog l.BW (a trualt. pric.a eloawtsutonthetnsiaofIt^e*r«iilf*af.npi^g, 1»* receipts ef *"wr • s r e Mberai, aa4 »•,» aurjcrt opeoeiwith lew boo/snev *a th« <<•? »4r»DC"»-i » rather Bet- ttr dfmand |pran| up and salet were tcaie to a fsir ta>NIW TOSK HEEAU), TU^AY, OCTOBER_». ^^H^^ MBWBUm.aSHEB'lcapitulation table gives 1 death of otoease of the the blood of exterminating eerrue ,j r t a r rec-driftingtodilution,lto•on board- *ome of w^om, wrapping themse'^9and parties duringbospltftble and bloody graves In the sunny » ^ t extraordtenry oo reoerd.bones, joint*, Ac. 8fi of the brai» and nenrea, 8 of . W . COBMBB 07 FUXTOW A*D NASSAU STB. the: generative organs, 10 of the heart and bloodthat they would never return, but would find South.Suchwouldbetbeinevitablefateoftbepublicopinionaoofteninsoshort7tions and civil ware. vtsaela,131ofthelarge,throat,4c.,ftofold TtoaF«B»»BBW•*IUfclr,.'icJL,.^.-A.Europe that we are oapable of delivering her preparing for tbe struggle; that committees of which is the sole cause of the present alarming L•*«*••«•«•#***» t—•,ulwim»uboatphsaseefmomenttopricesWhMtunaided,ItwilljiolongercontinuetoopposesafetyandbandsofMinuteMen,aftertheattitudeoftheSouth,andwillbethecauseofV o l w llHBW>,e 9* ana*. BWee**^. - HOTOOIO-VOCAI.A«I»»*M*a«f4*Oases*.w»ifirmerafter the reoeipt of the f.>reign news, sad in the fulfilment of this great duty." Entertain- fashion of the Revolution of 1776, are being the disunion, if the Southern State, should When tbe Bell and Everett partyABWeBMBWWB.fBbW BWBWIBBV"^_ -—aiaTeatfluvjaas_Wfenprices.Corawasheavy,andthemarketwasnottobewonderedatthatGaribaldishouldthatLincoln'selectionwillbedeemedthesig- Butevenifthereshouldbeoosecession,andway.—MoouiT A CAMrnWe iriBLO-a SAUOOB. Bwaawar.-HooLsvi» BtautriAM Soxes, Bvsunaoaa, IUKCM, AC.— Munmutu nJvmmo Jvm.JpWA^Bt^iSSS^0 BALL.vulsion are upon us. We feel them here—they v' BoKes, fere visible everywhere. They are the natural refulte of the foreshadowed election of Abra- ham Lincoln a. our next President, and in view of the sweeping political revolution which will purely follow bis election. What this revolu- tion will be no man can predict; what it may be hae been very broadly disclosed in the "onebound together by the memory of their Ion* be elected. We also publish an address of suflerings as weil as of their ancient greatues*. similar import to the people of Carroll county,TKIPLE Mew Vora, Ta»»ct»iru> the BellThis g a party. The=-=Mississippi.The Richmond Enquirer argues1800.'L-ff I L •- s^sf^r^v^TJ ^the reconciliatio* -'A S ^ S ^ V ^ ^ J ^ T S a r ^ i I unknown, and 23 from violent causes. The na- tion of •*" ** o i m a D d Garibaldi. The ques- party of pleasure. Such is the manner in but idle mockery, and .HP «ace statesman Of j characwittjc vf the times. From allOfFICI Kraw*.*. «H ^±ZTup in their blankets, resign tbemseiv^ ^•ge,26ofdineasesoftheakinanderuptive Thespeechof0>»«a»*r^ou^fetneannexa-doom;whilesome,toostupid^toomu/J0 fxp^irfeoofthemodernRourdheadsagainstumei.withoutaprecedentiatheThe Ooaard steamship Arabia, Captain Stone, will leave to the world that a single republican adminis- the minds of a newly emancipated ing feature cf tbe revolutionary sentiment ut- South, while the democratic party was catioaWednesdayforLiverpool. trationwillsuffice. Wearenot,therefore,sur- over {Easternneighborsiswhetherornottherewas there,ORit.-gtoitsowninsanedissension* taraaropewillstoeeIsthisoltythis people.WithoutRomeastnecapitalandteredNorthandSouthisthatthepeopleareanattempttosnubGovernorandMrs.Banksati at a quarter past oao o'clock to go by railroad, prised to learn that, accepting Mr. Seward as andataquartertotawo'clocktogohysteamboat. thegreatexpounderoftherepublicanparty, IBsInwestsftimniitwTsaBasilswfllIrapnbltshes andbelievingthatslavepropertyisinperil, at ten o'oloc* mthe moralag. AtagJe copies, In wrappers, toe slaveholder, of the border slave States areselling off their slaves at a reduction of from received By mail and telegraph at twenty-five to fifty per cent on their prices of aVisaNmirm, botrulychargedtotheanticipatedelectionofness. slaverypartyattheNorth,togetberwiththequestingtheGovernortoaccompanyhim.Ittoanything.Butachangewasabouttocost By the arrival of the Fulton off Cape Eace on Lincoln, and the practical inauguration of the John Brown raid, which sprang from it, and tbe over the spirit of their dream. The electiomaSundaymorninglast,wehaveEuropeanadvices "irrepressibleconflict"atWashington. Oae Norisitjifcelythatthispolicywillfeeperce appears,now,fromanattempteddefenceinthe theNorthernandMiddleStatestookpita to the 17th inst, three days later than the accounts vered in. We are of opinion, with Count declarations of its organs and orators both be- official organ of tbe committee, that the factsAt the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes- terday a statement was received from the Comp* troller showing that the balance in the trcasnry on the 24th inst. amounted to $415,363. The Boardvery will be cruehed to death under Lincoln^ administration.the present but the future political Interests of be quite sufficient for the expenses of the go- tbd metropolis. Tammany Hall has been so vernment. The best part of the Northern popu- long mixed up with the corruption around the lation would migrate to the South, and veryto slight a Governor of Massachusetts like N. P. Banks,Tax Woau> DOBS Mo->t.-IIere are a few curious points in the news by the Asia—ginning to develope themselves, and show their lineaments distinctly out of the confused maw which they previously presented. The proba- bility is tbat some P0.000 or 100.000 vote* will be polkd in this city, out of which the republi- cans will get about $0,006, thus leaving a good majority for the opposition, so that there essbe no doubt of its success. But the greatest difficulty besetting the coming election is Taw-Mayor sent ia a communication covering a state- icorruption that it disgusts and defile- every- unionmaybeputoffforseveralyears;batton,andthesameaselectarepublicantotoopercentofItsvalue. toselloutorcommute.Anattemptisbeingfoiay; let Helper's, book and its one hundredleading republican endorsers; let Spooner,Lovejoy, Sumner and Wilson, answer. Butmore directly to tbe purpose, the- campaign TAMMANY BB KKITWATJ.I> —We have waited pa- speeches of Mr. Seward will afford the requisite ttefiti; for the several party factions in thisHouse of Representatives with the votes of the united South, while Lincoln would have nearly, bat oot the whole. North; Douglas would go ia» ••Q « K . w m l i ljrapidly with^fixe^toNorthernoonserva-ve" . ixiptolfttto in their rear, it is safe to affirm•n"M M , t * No"K*n eosfcion, tbetto©«;rj the great fcheme of Italian unity is post- this great crisis of the country's fate. Tfeey case prevention is b+tter than .*»ure; but ia tbe f chant** of tbe Bell party are gone,Italy;andastoVenice,whenweconvince ItwillbeseenthattbeSoutharearmingand ingthejetherevolutionaryrepublicanparty,last f-prirg, they called themselves a par'y, but were regarded as old fogieshe age. They had BO distinct pment to tbe people. They were tervative, tike the democracy, aodother claim upon the public attention.distinctly mapped out in this speech of already pledged by their Legislatures to make social institutions and material interests then the hopes of tbe party were gretheSardinian^Premierasifitw»realready tiiispointtheircasusbM;aodtheGovernorof against the dominant party of tbe cited,andtheynominatedBellaodNorth, aod the result would be that the respectable old gentlemen like the despots of the continent may league to- sion, bat advises the holding of a Southern harmonious relations between the two sectfoos They made little headway, ho* ever, tillg,.od expon and mtlltaf demand, witb free saies at ing and boldly expressing such opinions, it is organized in Virginia and South Carolina, andtea!«f.Seleawerefree,atprisesgiveslaaaolher forgethisoldteseftbnOnisahasufferMatter*to Forkwasstnulyandmoreactive,withsaiesorbecontrolledbytheviewsofftmanwhoseco»f«deracyintotweequalhalves.Onewritermitted in the event of bis election, for tbe nextat « » Ofi.Hi a »19 12H, m*'''*** prime at patriotism only differs from his in the greater from Charleston denounces the Union as four years there would be a most terrible con- f l e t T a t U f f Sogare were steady but less active; the '• hellifch,'* and sajs he will throw up his com ; flict between the North and the South, andBroadway, uvvwm"THEATBS,Broadwmar.-rianiieBTn»boaes,atratesgivenlaanothercolumnCoffeewasfirm,fete.tohim. missioninthenavyifLineoiashouldbethemostextremeexcitement,forinthatamies embraced abmt 800 a 400 bnds Cuba, sad 344 caution which his tramtngasfestfetesmandic-when tbe Charleston Convention was heU casethe!Southwouldhavetodefenditshadbrokenopinasplitofthedeiapd sales imbpi Iabout 1.800 bags Rto at 131^0. a 14^«» P Wlh a smainsl 8t Oomlogo av 18c. Fralgbtt were Qrm, especiallyforEnglishports,withafairemoaotofen- gagements at fall rates; wheat to Liverpool, la balk and bags, was taken at 12>,'d a 181; flour at 8s. e l , and XABirOM'8 AJUBUCAJI wUSBOW. Broadww.-Daraiid cotton at )ii. To London wheat was taken at 18?il., inLAUSA xnorrs BOWBBV TBTBATRK.traced by the hand of the historian. The Louisiana says it will be a just cause of seces-gether, France may pursue a selfish and grasp- Convention to concert the necessary measures. would be completely disturbed, their business the action of the Chicago Convention, iaOu'Mt OF IKISMMT-»»• VllLAOMI.•>"iai-%.M»» Twins. LiTwa Ocaxosinaa, Ae-^oeara ship's bags, andflourat 8s. 91.Ajfv Ha eaarsaaa.B«T Ajrt»J«*8r»«M.MeefcMljj»2»B.flling policy, but they can do nothing against a Another writer in Virginia counsels the same Bowtharn Slaw* Property—W. H Seward nation composed of 24,O00,C00 of as brave and course, in order that by combination and or-intercourse would be suspended, tbe payment ing Sewaid, created a similar split in the ofthedebtsofSouthernmerchantstoNorthernlicenparty,butnottothesameex)intelligent a people as any under the sun, ganization the seceding States may be ready The premonitory symptoms of afinancialr e -united under constitutional institutions, and to make an effectual stand if Lincoln shouldhouses would be also suspended, and the com- mercial and maouraeturiog interests of the Northwouldberedueedtoruin.Sotbatin the event of the election of Lincoln, whether secession arise out of it or not, there can be oo doubt that it will entail disaster and suffering upon tbe North such as the country has neverbreach which waa greatly widened by dictated or written by Mr. Seward after Convention, assailing Horace Greeley, Greek) 'a letters in res»iy, aad theof Tburlow Weed, aad the abolition ftne Panic Maker.secede.nal for Striking the blow that will split this if the inauguration of Lincoln should be per-For tbe first time since the fall of the Rom mEmpire the Italian people find themselves that there is no legal Union in existence nowagainformingadistinct^nationalityandowning inasmuchaselevenNorthernStatesrefusetoallegiance to one government. In endeavoring carry out the provision .pf the conjtitutloato keep Rome and Venice forcibly .separated relating to tbe Fugitive Slave law; and th« power of the conservative elements of the time, but not completely healed. Hi frcm the union of which they form necessary constitution, according to Mr. Weoster, is tbe North, if they will only unite in ooe grand, ener- the Democratic Convention SB»-t again atMAJL8FBBstUBOFI. idea"whichha.pervadedthelatecampaignparte,theEuropeangovernmentsfettemptanonlybondoftheUnion.InIowathefanaticalgeticeffort,evenattheeleventhtuHg. more,andtb«rethesplitSBhesnaderwrspeeches of Mr. Seward, to wit: the suppressionOf the Southern institution of African slavery. BBBBMeysM To accomplish this work he has proclaimed itimpossibility. They neither make allowance n-publicaSb have grown so rampant that tbefor the natural laws which govern sueh matters const-rvativeB intend to migrate from the State iiiTTEB A U A I N . - The great question which is elections in North Carolina,Kentucky and nor for the influence of historical associations if Lincoln should be elected. The most alarm- now attracting the particular attention of our bama showed, they made great progress siahead of the politicians, many of whom are the ball in honor of the Prince of Wales. It i tbe t nblic disgust Douglas appeared to has centreofitsrevivednationality,andwith somelargefragmentsadheringtohim,aod•out Venice as one otits vital com- doingtheirbesttokeeptbemback,butinvain. hasbeendistinctlychargedthatMr.JamesW. ifhebadagoodchanceofoneortwoSosa mercial as well as political necessities, Italy This aspect of public affairs is creating ex Paige, the Boston Peter Cooper, and other, of em States At the North the Belt party new will never rest satisfied. It is vain, then, for treme excitement and trepidation at Washing the marshals having charge of the floor, slighted made any advance, but at tile South they gtit« the European governments to assame that ton. Let us see what are the causes of the d%Q Mrs. Banks by not informing her before the ball giound by the dtvbions bsth In the republics. theycandefeatthenaturalaspiration;)ofagerouscommotion. inwhichdanceshewastohavethehandoftheanddemocraticcamps.Wereitnotforthat•ptethe fewmonthsago.\Norationalmancandoubtthatallthisum- seizeduponthesubstanceoftheirformergreat- bookbytheleadersofthepredominantanti- tbePrinceaodtookhimtosupperwithoutre theirorganizationwouldneverhaveamoaaBlpeople to posses, the memorials after having Tbe endorsement and propagation of Helper's Prince; and, secondly, that they monopolizedof oar black republican cotemporaries, howev- Cavour, that but a short time will suffice to con- fore and since the invasion of Virginia, have are as above stated—the only difference of First came off tbe election of Maine, whia fromChinaandJava. er,throwstheresponsibilityupontbeSouthernvincethecontinentalgovernmentsthattheirpreparedtbepublicmindoftbeSouthforseopinionisastotheanimus.Asusualinsuchusedtogodemocratic,butwhichnowgaveabrought by the Asia, and interesting intelligenceThe belligerent force, in Italy remained in abont disunioniste. He tells us that the fiichnond own stability and the tranquillity of Europe de- cession in the t vent of the election of a Presi cases, the apologist makes the matter worse elatedthattheNeapolitanprinceshadordereda tialSouthernjournals,chargetinttheobjectof thecessionofHomeandVenicetothenew hisOhiospeech,says:—''Slaverycanandmust tract:— Suuthindrivingthepeopletoextremesthenreserve vote to tbe republicans, endorsing use the same position as previously reported, but it it! Whig and Raleigh Register, and other influen- pend upon its renunciation. By compelling dett by the vote of tbat party. Mr. Seward, in than it was before. We append a choice ex- policy. This had a considerable effect at •fresh attack against the Garibaldians. News of a the seceders from the Charleston Convention Italian kingdom they will put a curb on the be abolished, and you aod I must do i t " The re- There was an UDfortunate ccntrdmps connected with Breckinridge gained, Bell lost ground, ad decisive battle may therefore reach us by the next waa, by breaking up the democratic party, "to future aggressions of France, and remove from cent elections in Pennsylvania, Indiana and tbe entrance of the Prince, hti suite aad invited gasSBJ Douglas was overwhelmed In the South. Bearrival. Victor Emanuel had entered the Neapo- ditaolve the Union, in order to reop»n the Afri-* litan town of Guiiannova, where he was received their minds two constant and fruitful sources 4 can clave trade, and bring down the value ofBrita great enthusiasm. Russia and Prussia had IBigroes, that the profits upon cotton might be of anxiety. With the Eternal City as Its capiprotested against the invasion of Neapolitan ter- tal, and Venice as one of its great commercial ings of Southern men into a flame, because some little formality to the supper room; bat when Mr. ter up. Next came the elections of Pennsyln> Iwitnessed before.To prevent it is still in theGOVERNOR BANKS AXD TBE BOSTON B U X COMOhio, in which Seward's party have been suc- into the supper room, which is to be rerreUed, not apo- many Southern men said they relied still osau^, logised for, ainoe it was caused oy ne set of the ommiitee, and no forest|h( could hare prevented it. The inten- the Middle States, and would not give thecessful, have kindled the already incensed feeltion was to aiaemoie the invited faests aad proceed withhigher.'' Next, it appears from the Valky >Slar, they regard those elections as prognosticating Paige suggested to the Prince that be should omit the nia. Indiana aod Ohio. In all of these revolt- > emporiums, regenerated Italy will soon begin dance ahich *aa about forming, as sapper would be readyritory by Sardinia, and the great Powers had joinedinaprotestagainsttheblockadeofGaeta,VirginiaDouglaspaper,thatonaccountoftbetoexerciseoverthepoliticsandcommerceofthetriumphoftheblackrepublicancandidatelaafewminutes,tbePrincedesiredtbattheygoattioLary^antislaveryblackrepublicanismtrithe refuge of the King of Naples. The French disunion clamor of the cotton planters, •• Vir- for President on tbe Ctb of November, and the once. Mr. Paige remonstrate J, stating that be wiahed umpbed, and tbe consequence was that tk I Europe the same widespread influence that un- to have bta accompanied by tbe incited guests Thetroops had reoccupied Viterbo.The accounts from China state that the Alli<reached the Peiho on the 1st of August, and esta-blished camps. On the 12th they had a fight withthe Chinese, when the latter fled in disorder. Theattack on the Taku forts, where the' British jiavalforces suffered so disastrously last year, was to beginia is already having a foretaste of what is to der other forms it wielded fifteen centuries consequent destruction of their cherished in- prince orged that there would be a crowd, aad If they whole South was fired with excitement, aod, k !went instantly tt coatu be avoided. Mr. i-aige again as-sured him there was no danger of a crowd; but his Rtead cf dividing its support between Bell ia Highness, with natural impatience, having the tmpres Breckinridge, it declared almost unanitnoss; I4th ultimo. The inaugural addxess was delivered by Mr. If. Agathon, President jwiJMero., which was received with much enthusiasm, apd the Congress adjtourned, after appointing thejnecessary com- mitteea. j .At London on the BSth coaejm were quoted at »2J a 92j for money. Illinois ttentral and New York and Erie ^railroad securities were in better demand.In the Liverpool markets the intelligence from the United States had caused considerable specula- tion in cotton, and prices had advanced one -six- teenth and one-eighth of a penny, and holders demanded still higher rate.. Breadstuffs were dullat a decline in prices, while pro risions were quiet. At the Cooper Institute last nightaa large Union meeting waa held, which was addressed by Messrs. Ewing, Hdliard and Boteler, members of Congress from Southern States, These gentlemen addressed themselves in strong and forcible language to the vital questions which disturb the peace of the coun-try, and appealed to the men of New York to assist the efforts of the South in warding off the perilsthatthreatentheUnion.Theirepeeches will be found ia another part of our paper.Wade, of Ohio, made one of his charae- speechee last evening, in the republican of Brooklyn. His speech was principally leroted to an excoriation of Judge bougies. Hefteelared that the West was vigilant over the con-other Northern cities, and in this way to compel tion of which is adapted to her peculiar theo-Southern bunking institutions to curtail, aod in ries of government. Prussia should hare tbe coerce them by armed force. In that contin-to supper, aid thai he *ocld eeeort him In. The ifrtrer- one policy aod one front for the enemy.nor excoato himself from going without any apparentfet-libg, aod we believe without any i^ea that ne had been The republican elections have produced thk overlooked, IT that any intentional diartspeit had beenaho#n his*, ft is possible tbat Mr Paige, by radeiy refas result, and this on the ether hand alarmed tat ing to mccotDftkuy lb« -rince might h«ve a3*-aiblc! aid(rganized a formal preewaioa; Out he aid wna. every more cautious of tbe republican leaders, who.otber gt-Dtleman would b«r* done under tbe clrcnm like Ivfrees and Corwin, came out with de- stancts: regaroed the wishes or impulses of tie dlitinguichrd guest in wkuee honor tbe hatl was given. clarations, saying that they were oot abcHtiot-This is a very "cute" Yankee trick to throw ists, but conservatives. This change in bat the blame of the affair upon the shoulders ot wind produced a corresponding change, but b tbe Prince; but it will not do. Suppose Mr. the opposite direction—a counter current in tap Paige bad informed tbe guest of tbe evening republican party. The abolitionist element it tbat it was arranged that he should enter with tbe Middle aad New England States took deep tbe Governor, does any one imagine thit the umbrage and will go for Gerrit Smith on the Prince, with his natural tact and good breed- 6th of November—thus taking away to large a ing, would not have acquiesced in tbe proceed- portion of the republican vote that Liocoht ing, even if there had been a "crowd?' No; may still be defeated.The total result of these different changes k> iota. It looks to us as if some of tbe Gover- that Lincoln may be overthrown; and if hicome;"' that 'No. 1 negroes have already fallenback. Her restoration to her proper rank stitution.and third rate hand, from forty to fifty per amongst the nations of the world will enable From ail tbe sources of intelligence to which sion of former crowds la other cities on his mind, atmore than twenty-five per cent, and secondcent.''Improving upon these alleged achievementstheEuropeancabinetstomakesjuchawehaveaccess,andfromeverysymptomandonceprooredetitoihesapperroom,accompaniedbyMr.t'erBreckinridgealone,tortworeasons—fits Paige and the few members of his suite wboredistribution of continental territory as sign of the times, it appears highly probable happened to be around him One or two of the Prinze's because he was the representative of the tr- suite did not enter at the sama time, nor did Mr Win- ireme party at the South; and secondly.**will preserve for the future the politi that a considerable number of the Southern tbrop nor Mr. Srerett Tbepirty bad not all assembled onmade on the 15th. The rebels attacked phanghae of tbe Southern disunionists, our republican co- cal equilibrium and maintain undisturbed States will withdraw frcm the Union between tbe platform where the Prince'* table was laid wnen tbe nause it was necessary for their own safety a ' absence ot h s Eiceliensy was noticed, and two differenton the 18th, but were repulsed. temporary in question says that •' another effect the public peace. Let Austria be entirely ex- the period of Mr. Lincoln's election and that gentlemen aent to conduct Gov Banks an 1 wile to the he impending crisis that the people of ttrThe national Congress of the Armenia is con- of tbe disunion agitation has been to damage cluded from Italy and Germany, and gives as an position which bad been reserved lor tbem One was uo- Southern States should become united amasf assigned for his inauguration. If only two ortunat* in nutfindinghim; bat Col ChicJcering cid sacvened for the first time at CoBBtantraople on the Southern mercantile credit in New York and indemnification Turkey in Europe—the condi- withdraw they will be followed by others, and ee+d, and stated t >the Governor that tbe Prince had gone themselves, and have but one standard bearergome places to ceaee their discounts and accom- modations." But the question here recurs: Howwhole of Germany, as being the most progressiveof the northern governments, and as offering,gency the Capitol, with all the public records,archives aud State papers in the departments,is it that these Southern di« unionists are capable thus circumstanced, tbe best counterpoise to would fall to the lot of the Soutberu confedera-of doing so much mischief? The answer ia very the power of Russia. Italy, with its twenty- cy, for the District of Columbia would then beeimple. This mischief is due to the widely ex- Beven millions of people and its representative within its territory, and the Northern Statestended belief among the people of the Southern institutions, would be an effectual check on the would be shut out from Washington. Thus tbeState, that a black republican triumph in this restless ambition of France, which would thus prestige of the National Capr.ol, as well as thePresidential contest will be the inauguration of be compelled to keep within her natural boun- national wealth, would be with the South, auda revolutionary policy in the federal govern- daries on every side. With the Congress which a Northern Congress would be only a Rumpment, which, sooner or later, must put an end will footer or later be called upon to settle tbe Parliament. Tne Eoglish and French govern-to African slavery, or drive the Southern States questions at issue between Austria and Sardiout of the Union, and into the experiment of a nia, these considerations will exercise their ments would a t once recognise theseparate Southern confederacy.,proper weight. Count Cavour is wise to coun- independence of the South and court itsfriendship, for the sake of its cotton and a market for their manufactures, for five mil- lions of British population are depending on Southern cotton for employmentsel patience to the Italian people. A delay of a few months will do more for the"attainment of State, out of the Union. Let John Brown', their views in regard to Rome and Venice thanBut what is there in this threatened revolu- tionary policy calculated to drive the Southernthe defence does not li-ip the "marshals'' onenor o discarded aids, togetber with the debris of should, then Breckinridge would go to tbeall the armies that they oan bring into the fieldat last by all, if any attempt sbould be made tothe old State street, Lowell mills fossils, had joined together in an attempt to slight his Excelleccy, whom tbe manufacturers have alwaysenvied, and affected to look down upon, be third oo the list, by Northern votes; and Bell, cause he has been the architect ot his own for wbo cannot get an electoral vote, North or tunes. Tbe affair is of no great significance South, would be necessarily excluded. Thai to tbe Governor, who Is far above the Paiges Bell and Douglas would exchange relative and all the otber F. F. M.'s, and it is only im- positions, as a short time ago it was estimatedalong this extensive line of travel, we find that and from a careful survey of the field we have while the North furnishes only $60,000,000. The portant in a general way, as showing that the that it was Douglas and not Bell who would beexplanation. He has made the Northern tour, city to bring out their candidates for the seve-from Maine to Kansas, in behalf of Lincoln'selection; and from his speeches at various point, appears to be no end to the nominating cliques,While the balance of trade would be against the Northern confederacy, anti it would be com- Tin:CONGRESSIONALANDCnrTICKBTS—LKTpelledtoresorttodirecttaxationtosupport the government, the Southern confederacy would derive an abundant revenue from its im- ports. Of tbe whole products of the country exported, amounting to $276 000.000, it is ascertained that the South supplies $220,000,000,ral offices before making our choice; but therestitutionandtheUnion,andthatifanysectionafterLincoln',electiontherewillbenomoreconcludedthatthebestwecandoistosup-balanceofexportsiseomixedupthatitisoldleavenofPuritanicexclusivenessisas•nowhere"intherace.Itisevident,there-attempted eeoeaaion they wouldfinda sleeping lion slave Territories, no more slave State.; port the Mozart Hall Congressional ticket, and strong as ever in Boston society. Governor fore, that had tbe Presidential election takes btheirpath. thatfreeStatesbytbedozenwillbeor- difficulttodeterminewhatproportionsofitWepublishthismorningtheproceedingsoftheganizedandadmitted;thattheSupremeCourtnearlyalloftbecityandcountycandidatesoughttobeassignedtoeachsection;butitisBanksistoosuperioramantowastehistalentsplacebeforethelateStateelectionsinNew Pennsylvania Abolition Convention, held last week of the United State* Will be reconstructed on put forward by that party. The Assembly no- safe to assume that at least twenty milioos of it upoo cuch small beer as the sclid men of Bos England and the Middle States, the result atKennettSquare,asmallvillagetwenty-twothesideof"freedom;"thatthe"freedomofminationsaresomewhatmixed,andwewaitforbeloogtotheSouth,whosewholeexportston;sohewiselyresolvestoshakethedustowfouldhavebeenverydifferentfromwhatis miles from Philadelphia. The resolutions and pro-ceedings were of the usual intemperate character. .peech"wiU be enforced throughout the Union, Wa»hk.gtonandJeffersonweredenouncedaiabolitionemissariesandall;andthat,inaword,thieves and slave drivers by a negro orator, who finally became to violent in his denunciations that he was silenced by the btsea of the audience.portant business the Board adjourned till Novem-further developements before announcing our would thus be $240 000 000. This would be antheir city from oil his feet, and seek in the free oow calculated.West a proper field for the exercise of his fineubilitftN,Itwillbemanyalongdaybefore THECnv A>-DCorvrrNOICIKATION'S.—Thechoice upon tbem. ample basis for $200,000,000 of exports, which, In selecting this ticket from the numerous at a reduced tariff of twenty per cent, would boa constrictor, the institution of Southern .la tickets in the field, we have looked not only to brlog^ a reveone of $40,000 000, whiob wouldunder the pressure of the Northern abolitiontickets for the city and county offices—Cos- James W. Paige & Co. have another chance gresaonal, Judiciarj and Assembly—are be-This panic, therefore, in the South, and these City Hall and Albany that it is time she soon the numbers, instead of beiog eighteen mil-symptoms of a general financial revulsion, arewas repudiated by our citizens, and tbe doors lions North against nine millions South, will be ofEducationtentintheirestimatesfortheensuingduetothepreachingsandteachingsotSewardoftbeOldWigwamforeverclosed,barredandreversed.Manufactureswouldbeestablished1.Iniveraalsuffrageisgiventothepeople yea*.Thesumrequiredforeducationalpurpose.asthefounderandgreatapostleoftherepub-bolted,thatthepeculatorsmaynolongergatherintheSoothwithNortherncapital,aodtheNorthofNaples.Theyarerequestedtovotebybal- « $1,300,000. After the transaction of some unirn- lican party. He m the panic maker. Nor can there to hatch up iniquity. It was through would become " a waste, howling wilderness.'' lot, yea or nay, upon the question of a unionwe comprehend how we can possibly escape a the a*.istance of her representative, that The shipping of New York would rot in the of all the Italian States, with Victor Emanuelber 8. general financial earthquake in the event of tbe Albany Regency was enabled t o docks, and the grass would grow in its streets. The Beard of Aldermen met last evening. The ' Lincoln's election. The la*t extremity of dis- .mash up the democratic party at Charles- Real estate, oow so valuable, would be reducedas constitutional king.iaent with vouchers o f the expenses in- j with the destruction of the Southern industrial President Her representatives, were found made to carry out About s idea of a palace and thing within its influence. Tammany has forturrediethereceptionandentertainmentofjandfisancialbasisoftwothousandmillioaaof IftheNorthshouldresorttotheQuixoticagardenfortheHolyFather. yearspastbeenBustaiuedbydefaultinggovern- the Priac* of Wales, amounting to $4,403, i vJting with the republicans on all of the cor-fend asking an appropriation to liquidate j dollars in slave property, such a state of po- rupt schemes of the last session of the Legisla- eoterprise of compelling the fifteen Southern 3. One of the old Bourbons writes to tbe ment officials who have run sway, and crimitheiaaie.AldermenGenet,DarraghandBrady•,litical;sectional,financialandcommercialchaosture;infact,sheistherightboweroftherepub-Statestounitewiththemagain,itwouldre-LondonTimesandclaimsthethroneofSpain.nalswhohaveescapedthepiniehmentviolently eppoaed making the appropriation. will follow as to render the Union ia a few Tnelr remark, are given in our report of the pro- f J « * » utterly worthless to all parties coacemed. ceedmgs. A motion to IMJthe communication on For these times of trouble then, for this the table was lost, as was a motion to refer thequireatleastanarmyof100,000mentomakelicans,andtoecardthatWeedreliesuponto ABourbonappealingtotheworldthroughafree press is one of the wonders of the age.Of their crimes. Under such management it has very naturally fallen into disrepute. and become a source of demoralizationtme naiurc only.around and supporting the Mozart Hall Con-in behalf of Lincoln may disgust the honest% Ht. C t 2rj»cnw^ f?rfift, there SLii i^'szj SLLZII Hi party, but these prom- gressional ticket.ed. The blank legions alone, armed Mid head «d by their master*, without the white popula-UonsuiBBBgathan the hereditary despots who have oppressed them so !of»g. Let us hone that +k«- —«•Regency, and waa, daring the whole of the lesttake all of the tricks whenever he haa any im-would coat tl0O.OOO.00O. Where would the portant measure either at Albany or Washing- North get tbe money? It could not raise it,Untitled Documentany impression on the South. Their equipment4. Garibaldi takes a railway train as a con- panicwhichexist!amongSouthernslavehold-ton.Shehasbeenplayingintothehandsof veyancetothescenewherehefightsagainsttothedemocraticpartyNevertheless,K<*"»^ ^ -.„,, J sronio sver reacupoint and andeword,butattheb-llotbox,byoverthrow- prot-pfctthreeorfourmonthsago.Tfe2. A serious proposition is made to the Pope many Hall, which is so sunk in the slough ofenureThis wasora'ors ofconfidencetbe republican party was filmedNew EnglandThe B<-11 men were in ecstacies, and, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comblow. w....i,tK . — 