 OBN-x UBTLB-P8CIS imB***MW2* oirc>lafamiliarlycwied—oried,inaclear,ringmg%>o*ce, "NewEngiaa'ters,opandgivethreecheersmorelorthe Calen."ThebandplayedTheleadofthebraveandthe home <>fthe free. 'whetherNewEnglandbanadheredwith entirefldralttyto theIdeasofthefathersaswellastotheirprinciples.Yen keedomrepresentinhistorythetrue Idealof theStale. Ifwehavehadanyperilonthismagnificentandfoitile continentithasbeenthis:—thatweshouldidolizethemerceof banFrancisco,Outof all proportion to itslis? habitants,showedittobethecentrealready,audtobe moresohereafter,of theentiretradeof thePacific. It isnotimenowformetoenlargeonCalifornia. You knowitshistory.Youknownotonlytheintellectaaprove upon It,andIknowthatthesourcefromwhichquotewillbeatkuowiedgeubyallofyoutobeahfanprovement.«Thatwisdomwhichtofromaboveisfirst donotan*WOTImpertinentquestions.(Laughter.)I'wUlBOHforAfter he sat down a letter was read from Mr. Seward, and while I would under other circumstances be happy hope he to as sound as his brother Moses, tt to onlyx>in>i T OGastTL T at JOlies? w*aT.y-reeta.IKIK Bed.."draw me into some dtocopnOn—perhaps to have me own claims, and to be paid for by the States themselves.freedom and to tha Union, will sorely enjoy the larger their sble bodied men. In one of th"fu, in the county 01 i.on, the uVcal yaw- invariably ending with a largeshare of reputation for manliness, magnanimity and love Windham, Connecticut, V ere wore not t-noukli left (.< baLincf in the treasury. That, perhaps, might be attri-of country. Yours Is the larger and more powerful sec- raise the frame of a dwelling; and Uw wonion, heroic butable to another national characteristic—^kwenese of the Drrd Scott decision, I answer, that if your fathers Uon; you cacnot be suspected 0 any base timidity ia asacrifles for reconciliation. Tours istha successful par-tynowtocomeintopower;youareinnodangerofhar-1 g any of yoar rights disturbed; yon labor under no ap-prehension of the Ion or rrjin of your property; yon can Tiber. No, Mr. President, if there he any people of .BVafhrd not only to be just, but to bo generous, maguani.mous.grffttt f r the sake of our common country I bag,"~ *.e dUpky tnefl* !?iSh «Bd ennobling qualities a s far••/'^f is E ^VHfeaa all thai sprang? rhere waaoaa time toUowers, but all of whom would be abandoned if such a estors stood on tha policyworepursued,forIdonotbelieve there isama- 1 of n desert and in the face of savage crtty in say one of the States (Sooth Carolina excepted,and we may count her oat f i the present) that wouMrem. ThoaapriBCipJosweresare faith, the priBcipi. s of claim moWea a conditio* of *Jheir adhesion to the Union Cglnh Bborty, aad that ssasament of porasBal manhood *baa thev would he fairly entitled to under the eoaaiita-bettor oommand thorn if we remember the virtues of our forefathers. A vacillating policy, irresolute counsels, on- stable will, subordination of the future to the present, efforts to relieve ourselves from existing trouble without providing against its recurrence, may bring momentary quiet, but expose us to greater disquiet than ever hire- after. It was not so with those heroic men whose virtues w e are commemorating. They thought that there wero things worse than defeat, and that among them was uncertain or inglorious pece. Theydidnotquailbeforethreatsorrlnawaythought and consideration on our part. They areto belooked at in a serious light, and not to bo trifled with. Long Island from th* Stat* of New York.\% arc mistaken when we suppose that our brethren at (laughter.) Tbey are right to all this. Dissolve thisALittleThematwe boldfor in the hearts people for the wUoleplantedto thenext idea put htto my mind alter onewhichshouldfillthemindandheartWHOMORNINGs^r^*tatbSdbiwatts BearthecromON-MONDAi,DECEMBER».....,^phyeasal power, mental pawwKtoae iraeodto >taw Knglaot,have thaw hemes in New iwhOre,astatyourgreatm; origin from Now Eiglan 1Bwwsrbjsj distrust<* that marks the New^^nV********-^*!**'**'!***'***********Plaik. »%^*»#»*MMM^*»^W»A^VN^WCOBB*."tepraeeBt aot merely that little province of sixty-live grown when I first saw California, in the year U8d. A plate I find the ward "CisaBtltotloa." (Cheers.) On " Did you come by the Express trainf") I came by th*VIEWS OFTHEVARIOUS NATIONALITIES.~~A Midnight Speech from Sena- tor Seward.North American continenttarPuritan. Wewlil not say that solitary laywasalive with steamers, and thecom,• » **BVD. D. F U U , Bacfaaxd •.BUM, w«. a Bry.ant, the rissnlsiitB of S t Ooorge t, St. ft.Patrick'stadth*OldJudg;* PlSrTB-* • » •MmW*Bm**••)^ Vv •ms* * •^SBB^BjttmB»aawas^Bw**Batamar j Banquet.The sttennance was aot so large as usualwandering New* EnglanderFellow cBiseos—he continued, in a more serious tone-. these are extraordinary things that are happening inourThere are -e, valry from two hundred and fifty to three hundred tickets*?•*•*fgr U»«NewBnglanddinner,but aotmore and nfty were disposed o f o n thisin truth, faith in right, faith in beauty, and, above all,faith in that infinite l*ro\ idenoo that gathers all thoseideasupintohimself—faith in God. Thereforewereve-rencenottherodscboolhouseonly,notthewhite spiredchurofa only, but the schoolhouse and the church. LetNew England have only ber church and she will become conclusion, Mr. Oana paid handsome compliments to Mr. mercial enterprise, added to her renown. (Cheers) am glad to see hsr*^ I hope be to sounder to his politicsof th* Charksum (ofii, whether they would be defendedofmasterandslaveintheStateswhereslaveryexistsbylaw. I answer, I believe it—nay, I know it; I know thatthe foulest misrepresentations arc constantly made, aadprinces, turned them not aside from their great parp «e it is not my intention to do mere than express one senti cal speech, a moral essay and a religious sentiment. that of a State which has In th* Senate of•ABmmqmtat t*»e .mmimriiM «•»—»»>"* ''BfwMaO rGreat Political Question of the Day.•""•I'„•** J* ***r» •Uuw IBe •* Mr. word New Englander, ia my expert••*'* •• •—•aorta wore onauocesaful. There w e n not half ft domQ dressed, and I would take no pains to redress them as fargjaaats present, outsideofthemembersof thesociety assheisconcerned. Shegoes outbecause shehasno fr<aa (0 remain hi; °nt it ia not so with the other disaf-house, side by side, to balance each other and to strength- eneachother. Letuscarrythose ideasacrossthec»- flfient and throughout the hud, Ideas are the life of,sadat defended and taken,the terrible industriously circulated, bymischievous men,andmis-> the foot would arouse throughout tae free chievous papers, to inflame the puMic mind; I know thatStates, was)themostprominent theme. Nexttoitwas greatmisunderstandingprevail*betweenthetwosectionsof the country, but to whieh. I thank my Maker, I have the barbaroustreatment lawhamNorthern menhave neveraywornhave Incurredof eatabliahing commonwealths uponthefoundation!-of meat. Ihaveseenitassertedinnewspapcre,and Ihar Hedoubled whether Iheir fathers could havemade so the United States two seats, and in the House of civUand 1eligions freedom. And they did eetabUsh them. beard ft occasionally In private society, that there ar good a toast, but they had made n much bettor system of Representatives six members, each of them paid Theretheystand,thesixCommonwealth*ofNewEnglaid, Englishmen whowould rejoice in anytrouble totin judiciary than their sons hadever made. Theybadpieten at home, m*B»e»ueace of my «flbrts to preserve ply 10 those inhuman acta. As to the matter of the rive- a rawer and better uaderstanding betwoou the North and the South, because I saw from the nrstahat if this rUmo was fanned and net checked, it would ultimately lea-1 toall conditions, aad of whom 174,000 are white, going out NewEnglandaadtheUnion—Maythestomasthatnowplauseandlaughter.)That,saidhe,towhatourfatuersgitmoftheUnitedStatesthreeCommtoskmerstostandtherewassomm—roofftonrtomnatiftoostrongtoapWemayfeelIBtMesthrldeInthem. Wemay boastWthem, though bur lot has been cast in other Cotrunm ment—sae, the pha moot favored was the issuance of a proctamalion snspendmg Charleston as a port of entry. There wasaot much talk of say other kmd of coercion. This WASseemed the most simple sad feasible pha. As to any most to blame; this is no time tostand upon ceremony oretiquette; that Is no time for bravado and defiance— «ndarameat,the tiling wasgenerallyregardedastootudic- whosoeverindulgesinit,eitherInCongressoroafofit, willmeetwithanation's contemptandanation'seurse.Bk TheexistenceofanempireIsatstake;thehapptnasaand uthsaaaooa^caieatthatdmaerisontheuble ismade thefortunesofmillionsathome,andofmankindoverathreaten serve but to purify aad invigorate.Scotchman andtheNewEnglander. Thereweresome dissimilarities, however, whichhehadnotnoticed. For instance,theScotch,asanation,werenotgiventhought abbot. You, their sons, make money, and you outside of the bar to negotiate for their totorssts, aad to rose it sometimes. (Laughter.) Then you complain of a•y too popular host of the Astor Boose, Mr. Stetson, andsabeingmaflourishingc»nditk»,andpro-large porticoof the world are ia the balance,and theonly question should be, which tthall be tha first w oomc for- ward and tender the olite branch of penes, stying in so- lemn, earnest strains—Brothers, let us be friends again.thing,propertyandlife,totheirsenseofrightandtheir to public speaking; but they did not find convictions of duty. Lot tho story of the Revolution that that interfered materially with tlieir progress inbear witness. Their feet, weary and often bare, trod the life. On the contrary it rather helped them. (Laughter.)placewhereintoadministerjustice. Paythemproperly, paid by the United States for coming there, or and my word tor it, you will have no reason to complainabout the judiciary of the State. This toast alludes to in lieu of that, to send Commissioners to thejudiciary el the United States. That has a little touchu> t h e p r t o c i p t o * a n d a a t o r t t o f o a r a i u n l i r a t h a n w a d o e v e r b a a b e e n u n w i s e l y a n d u n c o n s t i t u t i o n a l l y d o n e shall be Instantaneously undone; and that they wiUmee|t r i a r c h , p r o p h e s y i n g t h e f u t u r e o f h i s s o n s , u t t e r e d t h eh e f o u n d t h a t i t w a s m a d e o f D i s h l i n e n . H e t h o u g h tthat that was, at Mast, a respectable thread of connec-tion (Laughter.) The gentleman who had respondedtothetoastofth* 'Church ani theSchoolhouse"(Dr. someoftheirvirtues. Havewenotr Theywereaustere Hitchcock) had suggested another Dish association.BnsjSjfJu ^ asTlhsm ssasj^aaswassrp taowja aaa-4^v ^paa uwa^p %^s^wssv w w i ^^^^raa* g^* aa^w^w"mon purpose and n useful practical object. (Applause.) It had lasted now for at least two hundred and forty years, and ho thought it might be taken as a pregnant and pertinent example o f t h e durability o f mdependent things and their utility when kept together. With refe- rent* to theTObjeetof the duty of New England at the present crisis, he thought that no gentleman of New Eng- land bir'h or origin would question the fact that she hadk WJftPtiM no^BrVB>wsBj waPaom BsaaaBwa **•'.•** ^ ^"^^TM_tiea, as it was made for us, aad which we all acknowledge # ourserves bound to obey. V n dlsMeaea ofjatarpreta- tton should arise, how easy it would be to make n ease, aad carry it at once befori the judicial tribunal estabbsh-dror the pars...the South d o not think that w e are not Inflnonoert b yprinciple. They think then* live* and their all are atstake. However mistaken snd misguided they may be,they are sincere about it. Tbey think there to somethingin it for which tbey are to fight, to bleed, and if need be.to die. Have we not some duties in regard to the matter?American Union, and there to not one State that < w iihout renewing perpetually the process of Itil we are brought t o the condition o f BaShwaMB o f Central America—pitiful States unable to stand aloa*. Ne,r»n1of PPBPBP Thesense. Nothingcan be said nere which might not besaidanywheretoanycompany01gentlemen. ButIamsureitisnot unbefitting this place and this occasion to dwell uponthe heroic virtues of our ancestors, and to remember thatthese are times which, more than others, are proper forlaying them to heart. (Applause.) m the troublous days rican thought, he was still nevertheless a strong adherent upon which we have fallen, whatever may be tho emus to that old Egyptian prosperity. (Laughter.) Returning and whoever may be responsible, there is need of all the to the tablecloth, he said that it suggested itself to hisrile sal mat the Inclement ehmate of Mow ErtglanJto their liisnriadiiiin by aess, and aflbrd more time for ultimate settlement ofThe fourth n-rutar New York," *r*m*wsi°The AwrieuUiI city ofglobe, and substitute tho ward American. day tha first idea conv«iw^fa^agea-tlieloveaflt. .Tisu.endThaof the people. Thtola**aTtbBBpTurrw W a s AllUp*DttWlheld up to yotf (preaenUng a miniature flag thathad I ou>aswaaaaaswassBSBSi^vJ •atv CBSBBBOaaaa**sjss*oBrftaTsl*BaB*»• gucheering, which" was repeated when MrTwiuter very er opened I t o v ^ ^ p U ^ i h - u , B B J W .IMS'hea<t)mostbsnattfulallusion'towisdom. 1wouldliketoimet-onlrywaUovarwBataiallwavingnapsin*and iwedwhen"Charlie!teuMcuU.ManKUJddiaarTectionaof* voice which been a sort of prophe ic lOreshadowing of YankOOdom, for more than a year ago I passed again between those tw o cf the United States. I know what Impernment that the world has ever devised—a government that has alike excited the wonder, the admiration and the hop*softheworld. ThemoreIlookIntothatsystem,interests. This was significant of the Greek civilixatioi. Its career was short, because it had only an inteUectan! aspect,withoutmoralculture. TheRomanempirehstcdHe spoke of tha inefficiency of the old sailing ships of the American navy, instancing the John Auams, a most respectableandvenerablebutuselessshipofsixty-fiveoffering a sentiment, one which I have uttered since I came into the house, and it aff.trds a matt siugbir cOuei- dencewiththislittletingwhichIhappentonaveini*iythe present disastrous condition of things.But, gentlemen, permit me to say that this is no time8T. ANDREW'S SOCIETY.Mr. Goi»po.v, tip Vice President of tho St. Andrew'sfeeble and inefficient judiciary as the cause. Who will be paid by herself, instead of having two Senators aadtoinquirewhothrewthafirststone,orwhich sectionisWhichever party ia the most forwara and active Inof a look toward the I»red Scott decision. I suppose thatasIamtheonlydemocratIBth*room,ittointendedtoUnited States, without the privilege of voting on theiris your own honor will permit you to go.I*t the North give assurance in some authoritative and unmiatakoabie farm that it Isnot its purpose to interfere with say rights vested under the constitution; that what-Judge 1'iBKHJU'o.vi—Ihe sons of sires who endured suchevilsandsuchsufferings,sscannotbedescribed,togivous this heritage which wa enjoy, should, if they honortheir memories, try in some degree to practice their vir-tues. Let us see whether they are practicing the virtues come in and take thaw* place. (Loud Cheers) o f t h o s e g r e a t a n d h o n o r e d m e n . L e t s s b e T h e y w i l l d o s o f o r t h i s s i m p l e r i a w s i t h a i e v e r y S l a t e a little honest with each other to-night. In attempt-t a • odoneaconsiderableshareinbringingaboutthestateof Istherenotsomefaultonourpartaswellasontheirsr Ik-men,republicanState*arelikethesheaveshithehar-aad shall beGolden Gate—gleaming with with forts, and disclosingSociety ofthai citycelebratedMs anceandmutualexplanation,wecouldcontinuetolivein slaves, whose track blistered the surface of the him,andtheseaspareshim,hemayguttohisfirstcom fifty fifth anniversary, and the two hundred and fortieth the full enjoyment of advantages and blessings never be- empire. (Applause.) Another grand reason was mand of a sloop-of-war by the time he is fifty. UHAMLIN.At this period of the evening Senator Hxxu*, the W *so because t h e Governor asked m e m y opinion about Mr. Stetson. I told him that, as a tavern keeper, 1 did dot know a great deal in his favor, bat that as a m.a- •ary officer, I thought he had no superior—(roars ofegtheamdmgofthePilgrimFathersatPlymouthBock, forevouchsafedtomanonearthAad y e t , gentlemen, m a perfect a n d harmonious whole, before you meet at the festive board, at the close of this week, this system will probably be no more; it will be numbered among the things that ware andthewantofideality. TheRoman'sGodwas<ul, heeversurvivestocommandashipoftheline,itis a public functionary, and had only a personal cxiste tee. when h i s capacity for command i s more than doubtful.The Roman did not care for God as an idea. Thus re, There is nothing worse than the utter hopelessness which verence for taw—a magnificent sentiment indeed—was hangs over the life of an Americau naval onicer in the divorced from reverence for right, and this brings wardroom of aft American frigate, where hope neverPresident elect of the United States, who had arrive-!, 0 1lus way from Washington to Maine, was conducted intothe hall and introduced to the assembly. Ho wis greeted laughter)—and that If it should turn out that the Sfc.t-1by a gi-and dinner at the Astor House on Saturday even- to*. The great event of the day—the secession of Sooth Caroiiiw—overshadowing an it daw ail other questions, gave to that reunion a political character. The \ irtueshave passed away, to bo seen and felt, perhaps, never down a nation at last most surely to ruin. Hence it was comes, that comes to ail. Our navy has been negleotoi. with loud and long continued applause. In acknowledg- of Florida should Invade the State of New York to theaamore. very easy, when the Orient offered her Delilah tap to The feeling has been that the post of Secretary of the Before the sun shall have passed again over our conti- Rome, as she had offered it to Greece, that that empire Navy is a sort of political stepping stone. The ouly aocasxaa, and all thoughts were tamed to the serioaa nent, from the time at which 1write, we snail probably •bould dissolve ia luxury. Andso these bloated carcases qualification for that office seems to bo that the person weat Into the grave—went into the grave because of that shall have a mind n o t preoccupied b y a n y previous question of the hoar. As the apeecbee all turned upon it, aad violently robbed oar flag of one star, flod in his Inherent defect of their political constitution, and in their knowledge of, or interest in, the navy. (Applause.) Itroubles of ours, I did not know any man batter to semt ME. PRXSIDEST, AND SOOT or NEW EXOLAJTO—1 thank you oat to meet them than Charles Stetson—(uproarto mHouse.and peculiaritire of " the fathers » ware forgotten for theing this greeting ha said —be rent asunder : one State at the Union will have rudelythe affair may aot toopproprtately be termed a Revoiu- mei«y grant that It may stop at that. Even now, while national character. Now, if New England means any- hope that I hare not, by these remarks about the navy,laughter)—who would disarm them of all hostility b y bringing them into a supper like this a t t h e Actorl write, at the dead hour of night, niischiofmakers and conspirators are at work to tear down the whole edifice or freedom—to trample that nag in the dost, and to make us the jest and the scorn of civilisation.Canthisnotheaverted? Aretherenomeansbywhich thebalanceoftheUnioncanbepreserved)' Itrestswith you, gentlemen of the North, to determine the question,thing in history, it means this, that ideas are tha .bo of States; not the idea of the true only, not intelligenceincurred the Imputationof being a as wellawl the presidents of sister societies. Letters of deoliaa- fected States). 1 *»y «•* ** retained, and retained with Stated.by mankind. If it shall do so it will bo uunwiul." ]hepe$tregulartoastwas—A Free Press—like the morning son, it fills the world ea-.-Ii day anew with the gladsome light of liberty and knowledge,Mr. Wn.CnxsarBRVASTresponded.The next regular toast was—Onr Sister Societies—Sharing with us through the year in charitable labors, and welcome, at Its close, to our annual feMBJBra,THE ST.GEORGE'S SOCIETY.Dr. Bauix, tha President of the St. George's Society,you, that I should be excused from making any extended remarks.Thereupon the Vice President elect resumed his scat.Thenexttoastwas—TheJudiciaryoftheUnionandoftheStates,morein har mony with tacL other and with the spirit 01 good government- * hile their principles of Jurisprudence maintain with equal hand the authority ot the law aad the freedom of the ciUsen; for where there is no justice there eaa be no liberty, aad wherethereitnolibertytherecanbenojustice.Ex-Juuge1mBRBrorr,ofthiscity,responded. HewasUsa baa bean received from President Buchanan, Senator Seward,John MinorBut* sadother distinguishedman. Among them eaa from a prominent South Carolinian; but sa ts»* seatimento which it breathed of devotion to the Union are not at present acceptable in that latitude, the CommitteeofArrangements,fromprudentialmotives,de-honor to themselves and to yod.Tootellme that bytherepeal ofthe Missouricompremise, aad the attempt to force slavery into the Terri-tory ol Kansas through the agency of the fraudulent Le-cempton constitution, the South has done great wrong to,the North. I answer, I know it; and I have said i\ ffbenaadIhave said h where It wasnoughtMattertosavit—when1stoodasonesingledoutr ; oomm,;. krrfa a wboteThe seventh regular toast was:— TheCourageandconstancyofOurForefathers—The bestaUaed to make the latter public, or the name of the uity. But I say atoo tba| «a« North, by the passage ofunaccustomed, ho saiu,to speak belore popular assem- sou of New England to hesitate In replying to this unst was first called on to respond. He was not used, he said, bles, not that he would suggest that this was a popularwriter.the I'Msoual Li!,>•},vy bills, so far as they were designed to obstruct the execution of the Fugitive Slave law, and by the general interference of their citizens with the subject ot slavery in the States, have done great wrongIt was instrucuve to hatea to the commentaries Indulg-es m while the gentlemen ware waiting for dinner. Theparlor wis crowded, and the guests in small groups dis- to tiie ffouth. Both have done wrong, and both must re-pair the errors of the past.movameni in its various phases. Yon tell me again that Mr. Lincoln, and the party heto say, there was but owe fsstmgof en represents, have no design to interfere with the relationdown througb^all the colonial period, through the storms tradict that. (Renewed laughter.) it might possibly he tected them i« thefr rights, in their property, in then secession. The wtodem of the tatter is now to be triad to oftheRevolution,thespiritofthepeoplenevergave true,butbehopednot. Ibelieve,saidbe,thatitIsnot liberties. Theirsonsmadetoaststothojudiciary, very comparisonwiththeexperienceoftheformer. Atth* way. Hunger and cold, disastrous battle, the atrocities usual to allude to pr>ll»teal matters in these societies, an good ones to be sore. This one was a model. It contain- first [glance it exhibits this Siguier aaomah — of Indian warfare, the hate of sects, the intrigues of ed within itself, to a few brief words, a noble politi-New tnglaad fcoclety, this is the great annual fwtloi mYankees. Weknowhotter. WesretheonlyYank««s. Wo are the Hebrews of the Hebrews.^ 5 ISTiears we meet under a slight mist of suspicion and reproach just now, as our seettesi of the country is charged with beingcalls** en. out, "New ] ginia!" T h oahaforaia is one of the most ramerkablo U- fill the mind aad the 'heart tt every man r* taritod to Mother thehiveofalltheradicalismsandabstractions thatare ipowerof theAmericanelement. Id*>nn soundofmy voice,and ofarery person inths*ythousand square miles, which is topographic Yankeed.im, but that by the charter of the Plymouth Company of 1020, NewEnglandwasthe strip of the country betweenthe fortieth and lorty eighth parallels of latitude, belting the coastfrtmtheAtlantictothePacific ThiesaemstohaveBoston trader, the ship Alert, drifted between two large pillars, which sharked the entrance to a perfeotly soiiurj bay. the lay there two months. No shipcauid or w -nt There was no town, and no bouse hut an-old inism u smittenwtthage,andapresidioWitaoutsoldiers. Littleplant herself,myself; on that aad on thai of time, (LoadVirginia >express train. (Aaothwpaase,ss if waiting for farther toterrcgatories.) Nothingparttcularhappenedmeoatha way—(roars of laughter)—except that i might m wallaaMondaymorning,asIdidnot tost Monday morning, by saying thatI•>IthaitoSIMasdsatheears. (Iaughtw). A Tama What did he sayfMr. cBWABB-Thcre the Yankee comes Butat shea. Agentleman asksmewhat hesaid. Now,lampota Yankee- TheretoBONewEnglandbleedInme,andIIt is precisely this strip of country across the continent thatisnowpeopledbythedescendantsofthoseman Prf m ore-fourth to one-third of the working force of thispillars—thebristlingmore than seventy thousand inhabitants.llghthouaa. a city o (Appuaak)material conditkn of our prosperiiy; that wa shxiid power which has governed it, and the material powj para, then peaceable, easy to be outnated, fail sot Ufl what he said to me. 1wid only tall what maid There was no response to this toast. Mr. EVAKK an- beast of our mountain ranges, our magnificent riyirs which has strengthened it, but I would also bear sooio of good fruits, without partiality, without bynounced that they had expects the pleasure of listening, clasping the continent in their shining arms; our broad testimony to what it has not had suitieieut cremt poerisy." (Cries of " Good," and loud applanso. > to him, aad that was that I repndto*a*~raa •xpmttoh ofin response to that sentiment, to two distinguished states and fertile prairies; finding in these physical con- foi—and thai is the moral power which ha That, gentlemen, to the wisdom which I call upon you to taigfcter)—*ll compruatoe whatsoever, which New York, CONCIUITIO*, SOT CwSCEfcUO*. wen, one from Massachusetts, Governor Banks, and one ditions and causes the secret of our national controlled that aura sacra Juste* that eudange.ea Invoke. That is our only resoui ce; and it you will planttt€NtflCi»TSQUINT AT CANADA AND MEXICO. Mr. Belts to the society.UOTKB FBOM JOHN ST. BOTT8.ou, my brothers, not only Is not cotton king, corn Is not of gold, complimented the American missionaries there, jeratulate each other on having weathered t*pe Horn. fleld, la the State of DBnoto. f rnjpIBi yo« ^ing—thought is king. (Applause.) This is the New and pa d a brilliant tribute to the American whaleman ol (Loud cheers.) We shall have steered sateiy between would all like to know what he told mo England idea. The root of- the State is in ideas, and not the Pacific. Ha had seen in the bay of Honolulu not loss f cylla on the one hand and Charybdia on the other. Much•f the ViceItiomuND, Deo. 17, lSdU• e e e s e e in materia] interests; and if our government commits it- than 200 whaleships, and of these all but three bore the has been said about New England aud New Eaglandeis, ha learned there. (Laughter, and shouts of " Y es.')self to this material conception of society, it will atag^ur stars and stripes. (Applause.) He passed on to speak. 01 aad it would occupy too much time now for me to say 1 will give yon the best satisfaction I can. He prists a Saux Bra—Yon meet to celebrate the landing of the Pil- into the very grave where lie rotting the carcases «i the the revolution m maritime affairs made by the steam nia- much here about it. But the half has not been saidah. 1grim Fathers, and to keep alive a grateful recollection of old dead empires of the world. (Applause.) It is the rmesof FjiglandkindFrance, and remarkea that one -in- New tug and or her sons. I could take groat ploaexi:---. newspaper called the Ecatim^ Jfeu/mU. He to a maa offromVirginia,JohnM.Bolts. Intheabsenceofthose prosperityandBtrtngth. ThisIdeahasbeenrebuiccd themoralcharacterofCalifornia. Mr.Dunagave yoursolfwUhmeuponthat,weshall,atthoanniversary PennyslvaniaandjSfwEnglandcouldaotstandupon. I gentlemenbewouldreadportionsofaletteraddressedby again and again by Providence. Let me ten apassingremarktothevegetablewondersoftheluid oftheOld1*minionSocietyinMay,beenabledtocon learned from him that he"hadbeeatot8pring-the tods, the hardships, the sufferings and sacriiices theyendured, in behalf of the great blessings or the freedomof conscience and freedom of speech, which, through themighty deeds of their descendants, your fathers, aidedby the no less gallant and holy works of our fathers, shifted also its method. On that sterner soil civili- England bad thus raised up a class of steam sea- In respect to Viiginia, it becomes me to say v-iy litil-. my argument. I began toteU you about myself, aad were secured to you and to us as a oosnmon brotherhood, sation was compelled to take its nutriment from men such ut, iho world had never known, and such I have said enough ia saying that she stands on ihe «vucharacter of the old Asiatic civilizations that they smack too strongly of toil. They were the passive patriarchs of nature, and so they were shortlived, all of them. When civilisation shifted its theatre from Asia to Europe, itgle company—the Peninsular and Oriental—bad more steam tonnage afloat than the whole American navy, .h e policy of the British government was to encourage steam- ship enterprise by postal contracts and other modes, anuana it would be my pride here to-uigbt, to m-> .- tion names of great m en of N ew England who has e honored their country, aud whose names I revere and hope to n vere as long as life is vouchsafed to i a :truth, I believe, and If he is and wants to tell what bo learned yon can get It m h is newspaper. (Laughter.) Bat I hare somehow got off from the direct courw ofby the meat perfect aad unexceptionable system of gov- the air, from thoughts, from ideas, and not from material as America could not for many years produce. stitution, snd wul ever stand on it. I will conclude bysomehow or other I have got to telling about Mr. W«e4andhisjourneytoSpringfield. I mayaswellgoia thaimain ct way till I get back to my direct road. ImetihSGovernorgoinguptoAlbany. Hedidnottellm*exactly, but I had a strong suspicion from hkaand the deeper I penetrate into aU Its profundity, the much longer, because the Roman civiliz.ttion was morally years old. That was our solitary national vessel in the besom, and which I intend to carry home an i to pr n more I am struck with its wonderful perfection, and with more sound. What was the reason of the fall of the old Chinese waters when there were such vast Interests at there closely.the superior wisdom, sagaeiiy aad foresight dispbn ed in Roman empire? There were throe causes—first, tho In- stake, and condemned the fatal policy which regulatesappearance generally, and from some hints which its formation ia every part. A system of government herent defect in the Roman constitution. Osar found promotion in the American navy solely by age. A s the Ibe Stars and the Stripes—The Pride of ererr Patri.fie he dropped, that Charles Stetson, of the Aatorunder which we have lived and prospered as no people only one million of citizens. He left four million-' but matter now stands, he said, a man who enters our navy have ever lived and prospered before, and under which, more than a hundred millions of people lived undo, the at fifteen has a chance of being a lieutenant at twenty- with a proper spirit of philanthropy, courtesy, forbear- eagles of the empire, and more than half of them were six, and if he lives long enough, and the fevers spareHeart—May tbey ever be tlie emblem of true liberty, «pi:tii.>and Maternity to our whole country. House, would probably be laspector General of INTRODUCTION AND SPfiECH OP HANN7BAL the State of New York. (Laughter.) I jodgwrhetorical as a geo- only, but faith in its largest sense; faith graphical wandering New Englander. (Laughter.) But after all, tht pleasantest part Of wandering is the .wandering homo: and it gives me great pleasure that the1 gad •oto%T% t M A m u > *a r o f 9***"** w e f * •*•* and there is no time for delay.ami. itrrttsti^nfcajBB&P*****d*d **»*ad **** ""^ 1haverivenabundantproof that Idonot sympathise asbigoted as modern Rome. Let barhaveonly the EvartsandMr.Wm.Cuilen Bryant.with Souyt Carolina in her rash and impetuous action. If schoolhouse and she will become as rationalistic as Ger-nj^taHiimsiMBBpi-r.T' " " ' ' ' ••«•-— she is determined to go, let us do all that men can do to many. I will not say here whether there is or not,Justoftawaaantry;butforasmscauseS*other—moatproba- preventanyotherStatefromfollowingberperniciousex- now,alittletoo much oftheredschoolhouse inNewample. She does not desire to be of us, nor with us, nor England and rather too little of the white church But thebly the pissoat unpopotarity of New Enghnd those among us. She does not seek to have her grievances re- old ideas of the fathers were the church and the school- long as the influence of New England shall be confessed of to-day justifies me, I think, to asking, and requires ot of New England invented the greatest political amwovery,toemmgwithpeople, prosperous andhappy,callinga» * man master, undei institutions which they will never surrender, for they har* won them b y ftjnf and us*..Union. 1deny it. (Loud aud long continued applause. made laws and bad introduced a great system of civil 13,000 a year out of a treasury to which they contributareproach of oao of them, "unstable as water, thou shaft ttadsjshaotadSouth>riaStata^ spirit of harmony aot oxejaL'' down to this hour, the same quality has indfraterna kindnessforthesettlem.emor ,JJtUo pro. broughtthesametiondeninattonandthosamemi-fortune. The indomitable will, tho Inflexible purpose, looking for forgivenessforthaportutAsecurityforthefuture. futuregoodthroughpresentevil,havealwaysbegotcon- There is but one pen^h alive whose position would en- ildanee and commanded success, while the opposite quali- titlehimtospeakTqrrhewhole,andwhosevoiceia suffl- tieshaveastrulyledtotimidresolves,uncertaincouncils, alternate exaltation and depression, and final disapiKdnt- mentsnddisaster. Itwouldhotbefitasocietyoramene like this to discourse of passing political events lu a partisaning to avoid their faults we have ceased to practiceoa th* continent of North iBaertnaa will boadamo-sent dial uhies; aad m oanh seoflon extend to the othermen, were scmetimes harsh man. Oa some occasions land, do aot like always to hear th* word democratic. Iciently potential to allay the impeuding strife. I could wishthat in,(his extreme exigency of the State, sur- round^ aj we are with danger on every side, that be oo/iid Bad it compatible with bis sense of propriety to an- ticipate,byafewweeks,thedutythatwindevolveupon aim on the 4th of March, and indicate a policy, as I feel tasured he would, that would relieve all present uneasl-He had said something about too much devo- tion to material prosperity. Now, it unfortunately happened that the people whom he (Judge Daly) kid the honor td represent had had five centuries of experience of the want of material prosperity— fLaughter)—end his worthy friend Dr. Beale would bear him witness that it had not been very profitable either for Dcland herselfOTforthecountrywith whichBhe was connected. With much devotion, therefore, to the thought or thiseouatry, and with tho greatest possible ap prestation of New Ingiatid as one of the furnaces of Ame-theywerebigotedandattimestbeywerecattedfanati- will,therefore,usethewordrepublican, irerajatKan cal, but they had a t all times a high sense of justice, andareverencefurlaw, andwhatismore, theyhadanun- StateonO* continent oramyoi*«rcanstandatom. l%ali$wavering trust and faith in God.' Does the faith of the tm sstpawfliliry. Aad tha reason Is ft simple as*, so fathers remain stern and firm InNew England? No. much Uberty, so much pirsasal toatapendenoe, Human intellect is now exalted above aU faith, and theland Las been run Into many an error which has caused such scope to emulation and —BHIOB as a much mischieftothecountry. Ofthese errorsweare free republic gives, where »BM**B*B1 suffrage to-day leaping the fruits. Do you not all know that that exists, sre too much for any one BBSs itangtag stows t o abiding iaith which once existed to New Englandhas departed? This comes from intense love of money, maintain. Thereforeto to,a* yoa have seen, that thaihe descendants of the pilgrims now come here to this moment tt was thought that seotssiOB had iBMBjisml iacity of the lmtcn—for what r To make money. Allusion this great national confederacy of oars, yoa begin to hear has been made to some difficulties that exist at present.a*T *«aitora that^tec sB the fertility, all f'ie details.BeaatyTaB thewealth aO the magniftasaoe which There art a great many intemperate and unreasonableBono of the00*4*0 surface IMSBBIBMU. maniatheSouth,eachoneofwhom hashisparticular firmnessandcouragewhichwecancommand,aadwecanideaatthepresentjunctureofpublicaffairs that itwas Well,whoisresponsible forthemr Itisnotforushere attnceofsecession,notonlytosouthCarolma,butofse- a thing of operate and mdependent parts, which, when to say. But in m y judgment they are not very trifling oession to California, secession to New England, and lastly, nut together as a whole, bad been found to answer a com- matters. Tbey are things which deserve soma serious \ on begin to boar of secession of Mew York city s a dfrom danger. Place them anywhere, and they stood I will not aak'yeuTto vmdteate my endorsement of yoar to the last. Imagine any ship's oompany of them onfeeling which now exists,and the consequences, whatever Let us see whether w e cannot contrive some mode b ytheymight be. Ha did not mean to hold ber accountable which these difficulties may bo removed. Whenever vest flcht Put them op singly, aad every gust blows lorthat-hemerelymeanttorefertothedutyoftemper- thetimeshallcomethatthe Northistobe called upon themdown;stackdiem together, andtheydefyalltha ance and moderation In regard to the present condition to my whether the government of the United states shallof the conntrv, and the sentiments which agitate it. and be sustained to the proper exercise of its functions, youalso to refer to the fact that there was a period wlB find every Northern man declare himself ready to you % have seta that thaw thirteen repubucm in the history of New England when her position sustain the government which tlieir fathers established. Mates all came to the conviction, assb of thsss, that it was verv like that of one of the present Stat** of (Applause.) Ia this nation the time will probably come coukinot stand alone, and th* thirteen asm* together, the confederacy, that bad placed herself in a positionwhich he did not approve, but which, in the fullest spirit» * * # » *<>,the Unto*, sh» *>sa«Matloa aad tha enforce atent of the lawa, roVr mUXyJ •oJJwTWnBl sOPaBkSB.eV,> banericMasvuaasi e» «It -matter! .ttls to any but my own famiUlyywbhat becomes of mo;theopensea,inthedarkest night thatwaseverpassed, not a Btar to be seen through the blackness of the over- hanging clouds, and the storm howling lis fiercest, thowinds o f heaven, (fumultuous applause.) A a d s oanythingsordidIntheirhearts. They were frugal,be-causetheyhadarugged climate and-asterile soil;butwhenthetimeoftrialcametheyfreelyaacrifloedevery-whathehaseverdonetogivethejudgeseven a shelter withinwhichtoadministerjusticet (Laughter.) Your judgesarewellenough.Supportthem.GivethematriedbyStateson thiscontinent—whethertheywillfind it wiser to occupy seats withia tha OnpgriPS ofth* UnitedStates,andtohave their i*asss»plstliussod of every State, and their bloodhaUowed Southernaswell as Northern fields. The States of New England inrOne striking proof of this was that in their society they alwavs found the greatest possible* trouble in extorting npwecltes from any of its ofBcors ot members, and yetpresent then* claims and their rights at the bar of thonished more soldiers to the (Jontinental army than -.11 theatonement far the past, whichever yields the most to other States together. Whole towns wero drained of il»- ir nOatrs were always in the most flourishing condi-a*y sftaALs wvBBBBPtruasBr sssaassai^^pwwsaa>- TM^ hapre- jjgJsjSpB struck dumb with terror, and the ship surg-it, for your own sakes, aad rorthe dch now hangs paof thesouTef N ~-Z~. - , ._• „kSL _._. _upea you at the festive board, andtomtove, that you wul save us fromaad inevitable ram, by exerting the intfuencd we all may know, that with stout hearts thoy can wea-HI native heath, to have fud ther the storm, and that after the longest night. though restored, prosperity eon it bo ever so dark and tempestuous, there will come at'foragehist a clear and tranquil morning. (Loud applause.} The next regular toasttrack of the Hartford Convention, h*.had frequently tohe called to order, and finally no yWdad the; point and satdown. BawasfaBowadByfcr.MsBVh^the latter bv Judge Bakom, of the Supreme Court of thisState whodeclared:—"I hold ittobethe dutyofah other republicxn States on this good citise-ns to fight for the Union against traitors at theing in tho trough of the sea, what think you that com-pany would do? Would they cower in the cabin? No;they would spring to the deck, they would man the rig-ging, they would pot a seaman at the helm, and bring t h eship'sheadstraightagainstthewind.Theywouldknow,as ofthismeeting,hewasmost willing to condemn. (Ap-when p s shall be called nponno discover in what bosoms are lion heart* that put their trust in God and keep theirand y o n have seen other ptatas added t o ahem. The' Stat** of Michigan, the Stats of Indiana oftafid,whilethiscotntry wasensagedto*war-to ber a moat disastrous wsr, destroying her fisheries sad nearly annihilating her trade—when men of great ability, of most pure character aad of most sincere convictions, a s - sembled together ia a New England town, and, after dueBoas of New England—They find a homeoneveryooBUneatandinalltheislandsoftk«sea—Staytaey theUnitedStates Whiehthey retarded unconstitutionalTh* next teas* was to woman, aad Mr. Brant was calledon to respond. But as be immediately started off on the aad th* Stat* of Lovuataoa—what heavenkept each of these states from *etttag upl becoming independent T Nothing, h a tstand atone. Aad thsy are ready toeverywhere t^uatotheaturdrvtrtuesoftheoriginalstack,SrBKCH OF MB. B1CHABD H. DANA. .To respond to thai toast Mr. Evarts introduced Mr. Richard H. Dana, of Boston, as oaa who had (bead time,and unjust. It was e v w suggested, by. Mm than Secre- tary of State for the United States, that there were cer tain,member* of that convention who had conceived the design of creattaglB kingdom "hf New England and put- tini the Duke cf Kent at ita head s s sovereign. AaeurdSouth and their sympathisers to the North, as long aa two B'iars«twoswlB*ssbBBr*BMtaThlVsentiment was bailed with tumultuous applause.tt was withWhy did she not reeaato s s f T on how much it tried us to admit har Into the TJaios, hat h trtajwVaftaaqpjOtOafiBXBMaTPta xaa aaasB ^r^p**»^Bww» tospendtwoyears asthisseemednowinthem,itwastaitaredbytheaw-It was now within a quarter oT an hour of midnight,andguestsandreporterswar*preparingtoleavethe bermuchhardertostayoutaslongasshedid. Whyu hall when Mr. Evarta made the amiiwiacsnawit that ha xtii Fan— content to rani In out? Simply becaos*ofbefore the maat, and *BMfJfB tabors of his pressingay party sttstatotof the war, and it had been very dif-fUfefl-'( ^ T Q ^ P V V B PpBJ*awBBXBBB*BWPBB<M P P HeBBBBBtr UBB1th* opportunity <«he rose t o gentlemen of the ribs first timehi being a wandereruse nat»ve land so glvea to wanderlag kindlyticult. through the eredicateitfromthecoa.but he- of half a century, to of that portion of th* ***** *W • BiS*"B*VPSJBaBjaj v l l A W B 3 Wexpected t o hear from a distinguished statesman had just arrived. This arrested the exodus, tos a w^ m - w ' . B d WT ot BUM, everywhere, t t a * s * sMBBder find- a home. Nowhereuithe•'istacdsofth*sea.1'oreaanyoooUaaot, is a New Lngknder entirely without frleuds. It is mostMus ihathbceTorottx flag goaffrom my own private room to that ptaoe. ThattoallLknowaboutmyselforyoneither(jsaghter). betIfirdyouhere,andMr. Evarta withthis mallet tohis hand,ofowasairtiac^Miedbythtodtapnaitkmofi American States t o seoed* from IthattakaB,asitought tohave taken,th*peopk sad th* wtrid, by surprise.Ab*ptB*sessity,whueI for tha reouwry of mfhart necessity sent notcomplainof«.be-WM. H. SEWARD'S SPEECH.Fxuow Onxsss-My friend, Mr. Evarta, I believe, to aetmg as Chairman of Committee here, or President, ar» w jJ«6« •***«»*Untitled DocumentfirstpublicoccasiononwhichIhavebeenabietomeetmy friendsonmyreturnshouldhavebeenowingtoyourpi- lite and kind invitation to meet you all here to-night. Inknowthatwhileyou have wanderedfromyour native livedonlytwoorthreetimesaslongagoas1havelived, hemes, yoa have, to art, to letters and to com- and ss my friend, Mr. Joseph Grtonell, has lived, whom IIhere IsaotanflBg1"*""«•>worthythenamewhowoul not feel as much for the destruction of this great an glorious Union as any oue of you. I ofl%r this senti-polityoutofwhichbadsprung thismightynation,more onlyasmall part—aStat*consistingof700,000poop**ofblessed than any en which the ton had ever shone,untilnowthe nation, drank with thowine of itsownprueptait>, is staggering, it may be, into sobriety. (Ap- of the Union, to stand by itself, and sending to the Con-2 4 , 1 8 6 0 .worldspirit of astloaahty which wa ah soundedwiththeirgiven iaWood's absence— "H* destroying the land. But it will be remembered that We allow any maa yet to call me old; but I was almost fail country. On the napkin (heaslag it up) put uponover ,a n dfrom a defereuctto the world—the confederation of republican ThefiiBteonfederationofrepublicanStatesto1the invention of New England. I have alwaysand respected the people of New England for Hat great discovery.which,afterhavingbeenputintosuccessfulope. ration to the colonies of Massachusetts Bay, aad Plymouth and Connecticut, aad New Haven, came ultimately, after having beea sanctioned by the wisdom and experience of Dr.Franklin,tobeadoptedbythepeopleofthethirteen British colonies on this continent, south of the St.lawat any time, and most of all In these days. We shotld • to making public speeches, and claimed to be a very assembly, for he had some reason to suspect that it was rence. It has been reserved for our day, and for thisrender little homage to the memory of our ancestors, and modest man, which could not be said of your New very hoar, to sea an innovation of another kmd, of poor service to our country, if we failed now to hold up England law) ere, (Laughter.) He had listened with gra- the moat unpopular assembly that ever assembled msteadily before us the examples of Constance and courage tilicatiou to "the praises paid to thelr ancestors, and he Christendom. He bad noticed that the sons of New an opposite nature, by a portion of our countrymen re-which illustrate the pages of New England annals. Fran admitted that they were merited, because their ancestors England were very fond of toasting the judiciary. Their siding south of the Potomac . The Yankees invented con-the hour when the Pilgrim Fathers, driven away by psr were Englishmen. (Laughter.) It had been said tha fathers made a judiciary. They honoiad it. I'uey up- federation. The people of South Carolina have Inveatel secution, sought a refuge in the wilderness of the W- st, the race was degeceratmg, andhe did not mean to con held It. They stood by it. It stood by them. It pro-Inheritance or their children,SPEECH OP DAVID DTDLEY FIBTD. Mr.DavIDDVMXYFIBLO responded, liesaid:—Mr. CHAIBMAX ASDGBSTUQIKV—Itwouldillbecomeawealths. We have, It is true, higher duties clsewhtre,but we are not aliens to them, for we are bound to them,not only by the ties of kindred, but by a federal Unionwhich no man may break—-a Union stronger than humancompacts,foritwascreatedbythehandofGod hm elf Society,respondedon behalf of Scotlandssaint. Here- get up here to-night and teU me what he ha- six RepresentativestoCongress onan equality with all in the fashioning of the continent. (Loud applause.) collected that at the anniversary dinner of his own so- ever done to sustain tho judiciary of New York, the other Stats*. That Is th* experiment that to to t>a Little do they know of the Puritans wh<> think there was ciety Mr. Evarts had instituted comparisons between tho what finger be has ever raised to support it,women, with the aid of one man, the carpenter, raided it another kind. (Buns of laughter.) As to inflict a had placed a judiciary tot Washington, and If that mm**mm*mmmkmmllmmt\m**§mmm*4*lm0,themselves. There it long stood, and 1 hope it stands fpecb would bo to destroy his own .trgument, hejudiciary bad made a decision in a ease, so long as they pronounced ittobethe lawofthe land, your fathers would have stood by it. (Cheers.) Mr. President, the timesUcatutif iiSMMw/eaflreerymaatimfen* fet*<J*s*«st tUfafreadyemsfc. (Applause.) Th* State of South Carolinawouldconclude*withasentiment:—spondedonitsbehalf. Hecouldnotatfirsttracethe COlirtitKm between St. Patrick and St. Jonathan, until he was banded the tablecloth used in the Mayflower*taocy aad eowardjee. Ever since the day when the pa- (here Mr. Evarts held up that ancient heirloom), whentherestill—amoreaffectingmonument, in mytuinkiog,' than any that stands on the borders of the Nile or theNew England and Old Scotland—May the virtues which have characterised them ia the past know no diminution in the future.race who are ashamed of their ancestors, count us not of the number W e glory In our forefathers—we honor a ll their virtues, sad not the least among them their con- stancyandcourage. Tothesesovereignvirtuesare chiefly due their safety, their prosnerity and tlieir fouie, Men b/mor constancy aftd COUfage U IW'y despise Incm-are out of joint. We all admit (hat. What to the mat- desires to go out. Justat this moment I am going back terf Something is.ST. PATRICK S SOCIETY.Judge DAIv, President of the St. Patrick's Society, re-Sm DBAf-aa tuto wee—The democrats are out o f office.to Washington for the purpose of admitting th* State of Kansas in; and J nsahww to say thai for thisCBPBBPB(AptwtBgaotaoftktUnion,already wading, at leas! two Statu that «agj ft* ShBt toAMA^awtn*ltw ASBB^^S lita* <af -- j-jm tahnitnhiai fcrj ra. rlAEwhtar T^^*r speaker, ar srsiietkmg of fl Mr. Draper has intimated to me that you're all(Avote*—Yes, wsare),andIthought Maslikely ss*aot thatyouware. Therefore, I suppose that I might as weB setaD doubt about myself at rest at once, uSB yoar maalrtos. (A U this M r . Seward etsBsstBtaaaarBasgkuwle,withthethumbofsash1to one of his ram pockets, ami with a comic earnof ceaaisBBiill.) I left Auburn thai morBing at nraeo'etoek— (a pans»)-after Br*asrf*a1- (saothsr pause)—I got hers at rather a late hour, for rather a tat* dinner. (A voice—cordially for this generous reception as a tribute to NewEngland. Appreciating, a s I trust I do, and entertaining,as I hope I do, that fraternal feeling which every citisenof all our broad hind should entertain for every other, Iyet may say that I am gratified to meeting thefaons ofNew England here. (Applause.) AndI am proud to day. IrememberthatitwasthemenofNewEngland,whoMr. President, while I am rejoiced to meet you here, then he was the Stat time I heard of him. (Laughter.) IdatedNovember90,regretting hisinability toattend, tomingleinyourfestivities,alongandtiresomejourney twiceaslongagoaswehavelived,Imy,sine*thesemenand sending this sentiment:—"May the society last asmobbed,orlynched,orsomethingofthatsort. (Laugh- Thistothetostpoliticalinventionofth*times, /aeafter.) Gentlemen, yon ask me what I have to m y about n*$mb^M 14o mtiktiik UitMMii *t$ JM*mib§plause.) There was a period in the history of New Eug- pawderdry. (AW*****'}— . ^ ~ ^ a t U i l d Illtooto, th* State of Wtoconsto, the Stat* of tow*deliberation, recommended resistance to certain taws ofdaratki uw.ib reaps* to the views of another class of toe kmd cheering tasted for several nimatea. WhaaMhad subsided Mr. bewmd prooeedod to speak as follows:—for the lBsUt*AioB* pnder which be waabor*.to thVokl tableatota^boped that the separate and in uVrendentpartaorfliarr^ie would oothv* it In every senseof perpetuity. •*'••' <—•'Mr.Gno.W.Bmr*roseatthelowerandofthetable andaskedtobeallowedtocorrect JudgeDalyInregard to the Hartford Convention; but there were loud criesofNo, BO," asm Mr, aWarta tmht that the ffnUrswa wouldThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Returningthe sympathy and th* Interest whtoh makes it abat all repebhean Iasp VppByt M*nwwm t c ,pad *Bm tofill np the vacuum (Loud asptaaaa) ft 1by oar fathers which toafltratadlala-aatog a atranger as I do to the Astor House (laughter) ISB I get her*, and am IwiHspsakimtantes afterwards the burly fOrm of Simeon Dn to avarylutein seeestallingup th*ball, followed byWm.H.of the country,to» ben the latter was Introduced to theasi- jBultaneous outburst of enthusiasm broke forth, aad theEf^wOau Taw*. somethingofthatsort—Idonotexactlyunderstandwhat. thingas OB*,separata *»«•» ***assay,aI iuppoae it means that he is something like *Why has it take*cratic or republican State. You,geBllemaB of New Eng-(Lead appiaose ) MwrelSmm.j-JtM^Jtv. www.fultonhistory.com 