 flstmbHsh* [present mU-ofGeorgns'|rvices*ef * H[force of the "d through t>eed their;rung clv^ra gallery by<>v. Browr* speechofwhich he " -ration. JI©> i, had snb-at length Booth bad •ly fijratinedwisdom o f dsuch a »o»of hfs>f tb«i»iii~tmendationpropirmtioa v ;.: strongly-; withmonr•* To to get & ' i wormd nr> .tvede, ana wwt to the •rgian that-• avenged'•** tightingi |1 " of Gov, enthusi- *e cheersibrFederal re—> to-morrow"[aroonfirthenz Ben Hill—id) of se—foget nj>„to be the' K however; I v(U *onti slivered*IGINIA.xej isoo. N\w-Y ork:s#;>ondenod «t foumia- ia every the elec- *ditwould!ion far ex-- event of a iatimch a ndail per-suit of the 10 -popular tL;* city or have beea rough the* »ed on tha jinion* are stately—soie disun- S*a:e. au'I i; will Vir-States?" jcent, and vrthinher WlrfOf life isorued by dignity of jam,'eable-ess :h<ia m States ;! saga-that she p">Yerei*-lz 'about de-h the isr.n <begin tha era fought ouklertotv to the • 10 which:test, is abk-h thec.Tjpbantr bur un- fa^ front position »evitably oKcitudethe anx-. eiocnt h*I Cotton f «;vailing«f Union, xecratedte.. The rOPernor standing &h shall mth and i despite to carry sof the fePresi-i « a as Elected J swears }ff.&idertt|. And, ,,' are not araajench they'a can- .ser, but \ They r wives 1home, aginary tc theicttqnjring faiiuary 5people* d aifain ia inten- wn long rag then 1 of the> 6 James *, hoWy most to nserted- lied t o -other. w-qoent •ity oftion of ^ wsidentws are ationat: body isevi— Com-r welf tasurcs ' 17isas "^ libera- <oriety' onfoere any , theyJen,it i that / ,'i o fJvj«thuiovr, 1. was com*is simply hostility to us. -* / ' " '": ^ The Federal officers in South Garolinft^avo to-day resigned, and the Governor of that State Ms issued a Carohna, after solemnly pligntx^g 8«?1 ^ h '$>**> ^ proclamation for the encouragement of tho spirit of se-He felt confident xhSar there were at- the present I we suVmittO tbo fact, that such rig> J g S j g g s S moment either six' *>T seven; States who stood ready to v7tion.hereof some magnitude. A tall pole, given by ture, in the-'arts, in every branch of economy, have- the,leading merchants, was raised near tho Charleston been enhanced by these measures, or that all we seeHotel, and the State flag'was unfurled. A great num- and hear and feel is false. A policy which looks to•will doubtless inforce it as ho does others. But if he now affrights you by night and by day. You will be- lieve nothing else, and care to -hear nothing else, nor can be coaxed or driven into the footsteps of. ^Millard will you be satisfied until, you havo torn yourselvesRepublicansofMaryland,believingaswe doin thosePrinciples of Constitutional law, and of national policy, band of forty pieces. A correspondence is now being•:of fugitive slaves, and the piousjournal of this city has.CHARLKSTOK, Saturday, Nov.. 17, i860. At 11 o'clock this morning there was a domonstra-/am now,. Yours truly, • —..In the evening another meeting was hold near the flagstaff; speeches were made by Captain Thomas of the State Military Academy, who assured the audienceof tbe deceased in Greenwood Cemetery*.. M*ny of ths> friends of the deoeascd contributed towaawl the purshsss of a lot, and for a mojnument, whio^:cenaista of a largo marble slab, with, the inscription.«taThe icvsstigation into the circumstantos o£ «>• when I was with you ? Do you not now begin to be- was w w taken, Abolitionism would bo driven back hi tbo purity and wfsdo** of our political purposes. journjed until Wcdncsdhy next.meet cordially indorsed here; and the announcement elicited such expressions as "Serve them right;"V That's the way to bring thorn to their senses," &e. Poor Wise has completed his career. His descent from tho high position of Governor to the acceptance of tibo sublime office of the Commander-in-Chief of the Virginia Hinute-Men (confined to a few enthusiast* in ri£ri»ceee Ann Co.), has Iowerod,him immeasurably' in the estimation of the few friends that remained to him afterleavingtheGovernor'smansion.. Hadbelived hathePan-Handlo,howouldjustaseagerlyhave upheld the Republican banner, so anxious is he to go with thethis doctrine; we ask eecese»ni»<t8,to say whether Southwould abide by tho Articles of Cbv'kderation, and that cession. I tell you she w # secede, and Georgia willao 6 .macSrtamolassin largo portions o« JM M E ' V secede, and a lamen^ ,l crisis was about to take plae>. ; pwltrve law. We relievers they did,. g ^ S S 'of IJJS explbratibns.tfde*ri~~A3 yFT E R FKOM GOV. GIST OP S. C.that was daily poured iu upon the Southerners by thw Republican papers of the North, which was to'aggra^ vate them and drive them into secession. • Everything: that would nave a tendency to increase-; the flame was seized upon and made use of, and the South was com*- pelled to take some step to inaintain theitfhonon •>.. Mr. Monroe eaid that he had prepared ^series of ree-- Shough we roar deem them oppresstvsand.unwise, un- olutions favorable to an organiziition, which had fbrxts-- til they shall be corrected? by some moans re«ogni2ied object tho caRing of publio meetings ia fayor-of alkvp- by mankind as ..legitimate oorrectives. With SlaveryttCOLUMBIA, South Carolina, July 22,1859. "MY DEAR SIR: The pobte invitation of the Com-that man is Amos Kendall.TothelkMorq/th^f^niitfStar.RKQUIKSCAT IN PACK.—Underthe 8up<wis*»ndoaoe of Joseph H. Raoey, the Chairman of a Camniittee ap- pointed by the friends of tho late Eugene Anderson • / the Fourteenth W ard Police, who, it wHh be remem- bered, lost his life while in tbe discharga e f bis daty,Thethus setting up a new test vf Democracy.From boyhood I have considered myself a Democrat,reared in the school of Jellerson, in whose words or acts I challenge any one to find the trace of a thought giving color to tbi© doctrine.I have some claim to be heard by Southern people, l i k e hundrtde of others in the border Slave States, I nave sufleitd by abolition thieves. When at the head of the Post-Oflioe Department, I incurred violent de- nunciations by denying the right of the Abolitionists to distribute their incendiary papers and documents in the Southern Siates through toe United States -mails «nd postmasters, by justifying the Postmaster at New-York for refusing to mail them to Charleston, and the people of Charlestou lor seizing and burning them in the street. Jioreover, I am an old man, whose political race is run, who has no motive of ambition or g^wi to influence him, nor any inducement to take uphis pen but. such as are common to all who have proper- ty to lose or families to leave behind them.•WMtk&i*, A'o.. IS, I**. AMOS KENDALL. SECESSION..--.-No. 1.°THE ORIGIS or THS FXDKRAL UNION-—TO BZ PK.R-SIR : The annexed article was prepared for Coiutxtutxon^ but its editor, avowing himself a 'seces- sionist, closes his coloinns against the friends of the Union ! The writers for ni» i*»per denounce as no true Democrat all who deny this new doctrine of secession,Youra,re8P*c2.fu ,11£5 1Kovt-York, Nor. 17,1660. -m•y REPUBLICAN GIlESSI ]Bgrath, C.olcock, and Connor—with these she claims a march.";^TS^S^P^ P 5 p ^ £ ; # ? ^ ^ ^__•*-:;^^B»^S>.::;;S.^,7^:?K!p^^??^^r^'' :: "?>::-^,'•••'•-.'•'•;? *PP*^^ •••'>• —W^PNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 19, I960T'toreceivehermoneyasaquid pro quo; since orisay right rested or inany wayalludedtointhe HMJ hare been anthorized to euspend epecie payment, ConsStution, but on the inherent sovereignty possessed J^b^ hrokcrs refuse to buy their notes at all, and they by an iijdependent ^ t e , which, as they say, enabless nyer areregarded?herea*utterlyworthless. **"v — herioset «i-naught, w^« e «!»»ehooses,anyandThe action of the Poet-Office Department in regard -allner.compaste'wxtb othe*' States. .Withsut comment to the resignation of the postmaster at Charleston was ing upon the unsoundness ans? demoralizing tendency ofneve It?MJ£ jj£$jji^ the: rfrom^tcWmpJushnig theiujobject, Wiethe U^on-.aarsd. -•Our convictions are those & tho men who achieved*«.-a«v . K*W-HA VXI», Nov. 17,1860.t ^T^ t i f.?r e e «Q t, disunion ravings from South Caro-vS^S&&Z®&. Wf**11 "froin Pbffipdrank toS S f I S ^ V ^ 1 8 ^ ' ^ ^ <>f Norwich, Conn.,held a ^centennial celebration, at which the Govern- of the people of each State, acting through Delegates f j f °*f» &*** *» the Union.was invited by circu- in Convention. The Constitution, therefore, rests onF x i x DBAD IK TBK STRXXT.—-On Saturday Cor-«SCf ^L?*^0*„AxVm« tb«'answerstothesecir- thehighestauthorityknowntorepublicangovernment, ouiarawasthefollowing,whichisprintedinStod- thepeoplethemselves,notthepeopleofthoUnited, Bafety of- the Union. After reading the resokitions he actions and feelings of the South. There was everyorod.": ',; •••*'"' CITY ITEMS.•rznan's account of the Norwich J*bilee,Vgo277:3TOOK TBS BOS. WXt.L»AX H. GIST, OOVKRNOR OF States in mass, but the people of each and every-;sep-effort being made to accomplish all before the 4th of We do not belike that t2ite Constitution1 of the March/font was well known that when Mr. Lincoln United States has o^abnshed Slavery anywhere,, norSOCTH CAROLINA.arate State, and in that sense emphatically " *he peo- ple of the United States" as assorted in the preamble.enters upon the duties of his since be would send down has it recognized the^power of • any State to extend its upon them the United Statesforcea,.and it wasthoir legislative control, oi-'TOftke effective its munitipal^r"AJKU8EWe%-Ts.---Noveity is by no mesns ibeOTdsro? the theatri«al forces this week. Jorf&ewest part, *hs attraii.ions of Just week remain on the bills for a longer•Beaeov.WaKtacUv Theater.—-TVnight the fevorfte pOt^i,Mrs. B^oey, takes a benefit^ sad preeento* s bfltt of a*-tractive>ues8 enough to fill the house in the; midst of ths |Now, if the Legislatures of the States could bind mittee having charge of the arrangement for the cele- them to a "perpetual Union," their sovereignty not-kueW that the majority of the South were for remain- - not believe that the Constitution of the United -Statesbration of the two-hundredth anniversary of the settle-withstanding (as they actually did unless we* suppose that the men of that day were totally ignorant of theing in the Union, but if not,, effort was made at the North to show them that there, were thousands ytk* stood rea^y to aid them in tlieirj list rights. He be^" licved .that there .were over fifty*thousand-who were' ready to come forth and denounce, the objects of aboli- tionists, and say to the South that the compact made •has recognized Slavery;, as a condision or state of-man, capable of deriving authority, support, iustification^br continuance from it, except in the - single case of-the fugitive from service. 7?hat Constitution has ordered that any one owing serviee or labor under tho laws of a State,-who shall escape into another, .where suchtment of the town of Norwich, Connecticut, to attend,,on the 7th and 8th days of September next, and partici- legal effects of their own acts), surely the people of thepate with them in the festivities of the occasion, has, States, tho original sovereigns, could do the same thing. through your kindness, been duly roceived, Nothing That they have done the same thing, and have pro-Tronld afford me more real pleasure than to be with .you on that occasion, but our Constitution expresslydullost reason*- All the mecabersof tke cornpany ap-pear. Xhe play., is' " Love auii Money." ^to-morrow" to say to the South,.We Will; put down the abolitioiiista virtue of that particular ptovision, be surrendered to evening, "!Pla-^ing- with Pire" will be replaced onforbids the Executive to leave the State, upon pain of future numbers. . AMOS KENDALL.mount law, controlling all others, whether- State or part originally played by Mr. A^H. DAvenporiMr. ,vacating his office, and you see at once a witisfnctoryreason for my absence. I cannot, however, allow this To the Editor of The N. Y. TributK,ground that it was too late to do- anything to prevent Federal, upon that subject. We bow to its suprema- | Blake's benefit oa Wednesday nigktl.secession. He knew well the feela^gs of the North, cy, and hold resistance to it to be as unjust, as im-. occasion to pass without expressing my gratification atthis evidence of fraternal feeling that exists betweenthe two sections of the confederacy; and I must be per-mitted to hope that a brighter day is dawning upon us. ful performance" of the supposed duty of returning K I know my own heart, every pulsation beats respon-4sive to the sentiment, a Constitutional Union forever.'And.although the North and South have been alienated • from each other by unwise counsels, and seeminglywas iLKeless to disguise the fact that the Union was already dissolved. The cord was broken. The North had a perfect contempt for the South, and they must be let slide. In New-York, as well as in the New-En- gland States, Abolitionism was the £Eeat doctrine of alL Men, women, and children were all converted in tho faith, and it was useless to endeavor to convince them of their wrong. Meetings,, in his belief would dotion of our political compact. We do not believe that any State can, by any law, bind one man to the ser- vice of another, can enslave one man to another, out- side of ite own territorial limits, except by force of this provision of the Constitution, and within its espe- cial circumstances. /Hamlet, Ottoello, and Lear. . . • Laura/Kcvnc's Theater.—^Physic-sad Fancy ja te be eontinued for another week, with other entertainments'. A grand new spectaele, called the Seven'Sinters, ia. which divers new and interesting offcote are promisetf,is to be done qpeedily*Winter Garden.—-This is positively ti»e lastweek ofMiss Cuftbman. Sho- appears to-night as Julianas in Tho Honeymoon.Bowery Theater.—Spalding and Rbgers-'s Oircns is doing an excellent business here. Change of pre- gramme every week. /Barnum's American.-'Museum.—The. new* drams- from TJie Ledger, story called Rose Elmor, wilt-fce so»- contmued. The Aztec obildren are nownere^ sad ei* couBfee attract much atto&tion.Hoolcy and Campbell's Jtfww/re&.—NiMo^sSaleon U crowded every night by delighted audiences-to hear tbisexellent band.New, Bowery Tkeaten;—A succession-of^exctkag dramas, funny farces, and irresistible paatomisuos:quiet, minding their respective businesses, and leaving jealous of, and hostile to, each other, I hope the recol- a superfluous agitation to superfluous agitators; but if1your rights; not willing to wait and see your rights publican papers would like to see; for it would give their organic laws, provide for their legislative, execu-aeaailed, or te trust to your friends and neighbors to them food to feed upon, and keep up the fire against tive and--judicial functions; define tboir boundaries,lection that we are the heirs of a common heritage of Liberty, won with toil and suffering, by a common ancestry, will cause us to bury the past in more than Lethean forgetfulness, and again unite in a career of greatness and glory. Let us have Ho 'higherlaw,' North or South, but let us allfrown down any and everyattempt to violate, evade, or disregard the Constitution and laws of the country. By pursuing this course, the imagination of man, in its wildest flights of fancy,- can form no conception of what we would be fifty or one hundred years hence. Divided and distracted as we have been in our councils, '*there are none so poor as to do us reverence.' United like a band of brothers, we could give law to nations and defy a world in arms. That such may be our destiny is mythere is any danger of their position being misconstrued they will have te speak out aild speak plainly.I am not an office-holder nor an office-seekor, but I hold a position in the'party of sufficient influence to warrantmeinspeakingfor a very largesectionof it, even hytbis conservative region; and for an immense majority of it in the State of New-York. I knsw, and you know, the sentiment of nine-tenths of the party in this State, Now-England, and tho northern half of the North-West, to be one of utter, inexpressible abhor- rence of die Fugitive Slave Law of 1850. We hold it to be unconstitutional, despite all the utterances of a packed Supreme Court. W e hold it to be anti-Chris- tian, despite a thousand pulpits (did they exist) to the contrary. It may suit The " fVorfd," but'it is too mean for the " flesh," and belongs IS the devil.That is our sottled conviction. We would not change it to please Daniel Webster, nor will we, though (which Heaven forbid 1) desired by the new Adminis- tration.I will venture to predict that no law now in force for the protection of personal liberty will be repealed in 1861. I cannot feel as confident in predicting that a suitable law of that character will be enacted in this State, but I will guarantee that not less than two thirds of tho Republicans in the next Assembly will heartily sustain it.I go further: President Linooln must no doubt in- force all laws which are enacted pursuant to tho Con- stitution. As he regards this law as constitutional, heaesist you in pieseiying them when they are assailed.. Your unreaeonabloness fails to find a response in the breast of auy Northern me»j and, however reluctantly the thought may come upon us we can but utter it; that whenyou nave.providedways.andmeanstogo in peace—go ! (You naving proposed secession,- I must needs have the practical plan to emanate from you.) That we are more powerful than you shall bo no excuse for. us.to.assail you in your departuro^ ^If sorrow should not disturb us, your threatenings,, with martial parade, never can. That you have listened to bad counsels and that they have prevailed with you, is now no longer any concern of ours: these and their consequences belong to you and thoso who brought them upon you. You will not tmBt those who. have the power, to guide and direct it for your protection. On the first flush of suspicion, like Othello, vou seize us by the throat and demand " that we shall prove" that which of all tilings you most dread to know—that we are false to you!Will you pardon me in reminding you that possibly eome of these grievances which now overburden you are the result rather of your own indiscretion than of any aggression on the part of the North. For years your politicians have carried themselves into place andtaken your property there and tested your legal rights as they.now exist; and, finally, that these same men wore, in themselves, the special champions of your rights—the shield ana buckler of your defense. This deception, not affecting us directly, or when it did, you not permitting us to reply.to it on the spot, nor permit- ting our denial to reach you through the press; these assertions—harmless at first—have passed in your im- agination into a hideous apprehension of danger, whichthe South, and aid in the accomplishment of the de- and define their rights of person aud property. Wo.ardent wish and sincere prayerv" W i t h nenthaenta of respect and eatoom, I am Your*, Jco., *« WILLIAM JHL GldT."So elaborate and patriotic a letter was undoubtedly designed by the Governor to appear in the newspapers of the day, but as it was unaccouutably omitted mere,it is better late than ne.ver. When every day is bring- ing us fresb res*,hitions and routings ana resignations, (by the way, isn't it about time to " Hark from theToombs a doleful sound V) it is well to look back to what the same men saiu a few months ago, when, they could afford to talk calmly and dispa&tAomitely. s.• AMOS KENDALL UPON SECESSION.from The Washington Star, Nov. 16.Below we print a letter from the Hon. Amos Ken- dall, followed by a paper from his able pen, addressedte the people of the South—the first of a series designedtitledtobebearof.uentivelyandrespectfullyupon'such a. subject by the Democratic party, that man is surely Amos Kendall, the right-hand man of Andrew Jackson, in times as trying to the party and the country as those[ ByT e l e g r a p h . ]to combat the current doctrine of secession. We accord -space to this communication, as we shall to those tofrom every political tie that binds us together. Aly an- our State, and her sister States, in this great crisis. May they act as becomcth a moral and religious peo-swer is that of the conservative masses of the North- ple. Consecrate with Thy favor the banner of liberty when you shall have provided ways and meana to go this day hung in the heavens. May the city.over{ carried on between the ofitoers of the Guard and some et us stand firmly by them. We have passed thehour of opprobiuni and danger; Victory, and victory, of tbe officials on the other side, and we understandalone, has made us sate hero. Let us not put it in the that the President of the railroad between Southamptonpower of our opponents, by an insidious, union, to and London has tendered the company a free-passage renew the difficulties from which we are extricated.Fillmore, and undertakes to inforce it with the army follow it, without thereby designing to commit The and navy, while allowing Northern men to be driven Star to the correctness of the positions that the distin- out of or hung in the South with impunity, ho will hare guished writer may assume. If there lives a man/en- mistaken his party. W e will not obey that law, andin peace—go ! Do not think that I am disposed to which it floatB be in thy gracious keeping. Shield our' There can be no sympathy or union between Kepubli- over tho road. The " Dodworth's" Band ofrLondon,"now upon us. In those times, next to Jackson's, hismind was the controlling one in the government of theConfederacy, stamping the impress of its patriotism and object. They wish to frighten the North into a Con- will more indelibly uron the future of the United Statesthan those of all the rest of Jackson's constitutional ad-visers. Long since entirely disconnected with politics, warned by the amazing treachery of 1850. Then and now at a very advanced, age, if any man can ap-proach the discussion of such a subject in such timesnnbmsed by any other than the purest considerations,the Rubicon, and see and know the bitter end. our fortress and defense. O, God! our fathers have being, or we shall be lostin confusion. .^This is my feeling, and it is the feelings of almost declared unto us the noble works which Thou didst We know that we are sustained in our views by tho every one like me, at present largely, nay, almoat in their days. Continue Thy goodness to us their chil- opinions of tbe statesmen who have preceded us, oothpofeenoforcetoherwithdrawal. Let us rather treat pression; but i* was not until more than two years her in the most generous manner on the occasion, giving her freely the ferts and lighthouses on her coaat, and afterward that a formal compact of union was consum- savin* nothing about her paying her share of the public mated. That compact was sryled,." Articles of Con- debt. This course is better calculated than any other to keep h e r > the Union; and if it does not have this effect it wfil reduce the evils of her withdrawal to theFRANCIS£CORKHAN,. GKO.HOWARDWISS, LSAAC OEHR.lUcotoralCandldalc*.ITEMS.XHK HUTHINSON3.—The first concert of the Hutch- J chain, worth 70, and rau away. Hu purauod hor, aud harin<tb»- polico. Tho i»i iwiwr, who U a uallve of Ireland; 23 yo«r» of ag«, v w oomtuitted to anwwor.theefforts'bch.g roadobythe NorthernAbolitionists notion,andwhichhaveinfluencedthe8uffrag;esofthis and55females. Theprincipaldiseases,were: Con- aisitwuiagaiuattboruleitofthoCornpauyu>allowcolorodfaht*'They were then acting in conceit against British op-Burk e'uinjuries. Heymanisanativeof Germany, 31yea' .-s of age, and a peddler by occupation, having alsofederation and rzRrETCAL CKIO* between the Stoics," naming them. ,STOLX HIS WATCH.—Julius Seibert, of No. 544A part of the 14th Article of this instrument reads as follows, viz: - '« Aad the artiel*» of tbl» Confederation tiu^X b« inviolably oV- ' «sr*W by every sSu>. an«irt»»»*»*//* »nuil Ut perjKtaal."From the Philadelphia North American.little importance to form the basis of a settled nationalpolicy, desire to avail themselves of our attitud&of<at the Alhenmum.CITY MORTALITT.—The total numbsrof deaths hi colored uinu, oa Saturday hut got oa a Sixth-avenue oar, ofThe letters we give below are precise copies of a The form of ratification of these articles was as folj correspondence between a gentleman in Georgia and^^-• o• • • • " • —COI.ORKO MAN IN A CAR.—Charles Saunders, slows viz: t" A'H* wbe/wut it h»» pl»a»e<l the Great Ooveraor of the world t© iucJto* th* heart- of tae Le^lwureawe wpeetive Y*»£*•*»*his friend in this city." The latter is most extensively engaged in business, and, as be states, has " now obli- gations due and unpaid from individual^ and corpora-which T. S. L«wii» ww tho couductor. Mr. Lhwia iaformoa the safety of the Union. He alluded in strong terms to forget the questions which have brought us together in Brooklyn last week was 104, of which 49 were ur ^©g Stuid^j» that ho wiuat vithor rldo on the front platform or jot o £•toCo^cnm,toapproreofauutoauthorizeu*torauijrU»eaaid tionsineachoftheSlaveStates." Heis,moreovor,awholepeoplesosignallyjustnow,andtoi^rgethem in the eble feeling of opposition to the Dexr^ooratic party —a party which wo havo opposed, because we differ from it upon great questions of nati'jnal, policy,, and which they have opposed only" because it has keptvulsions,infantile,10; Consumption,8; conges',ion0 the brain, 7; congestion of the lungs,. 6-c ialiar/ i m a t i o n of the lungs, 8; marasmus, infantile, 5.^ wna^'i-pox, 4; ucarlet fever, 11, oto. Under one year 'of age, 24. Natives of tho United Stages, 81 j l<roland%*i6; all otherlii their cars. Mr. Saudora doclined to got oat. whoroopon Lewiaattftuptedtoejecthim. SandonroaUtod,butthoe»c being wtopped, ho W M dollvoivd into tho ouatody of auofficoia On boiagtokenbeforoJoatico Wel«h, tho pri*»orw»«locked, up to uuwer a charge of aaaault and battery. .rAdTerthwrnont-JDR. E. B. FOOTK, Author of moyu.Se^nUIaMoJ.."ofSaratogaSprinsa,haarotarnodtohiaWtoi*^'»y, Now-Jfiork, where ho may bo ooafttitod office, No. M6 BroadwiScU^oTc^uiideratio«andPerpetualUnion:K*owY«,That cool,elear-hsadedman;moderateinhispoliticalsonti-w e i h * ux£rrf£ed delegate, oy vxitne of the power and ments and action, and in a position to ascertain and un- ^ h o r i t v t o i i g^«u for that porpow. do, by tb«*« preaauta. inwas evident to every sorisiblo man that a mofet lament able crisis was at baud, both.' North and SuuLh; -and it was essential that prompt steps should be taken to« h V £ £ 2 ^ C behalf of our r e a c t i v e con.tHu*»t*, fully and derstand the general feeling of those who, like himself, ZSzEZSTrStt* uiid coi-flrui each and ere.y or tuw-uid Ariiclo of are engaged in large operations. What he writes/& ahull abideby tt^ degradation- of the Onited Mtotsahl «2£ration, arerfdbxaittedto theui; and th-t the Arucle- th..raofjustly claim respect, but as reflecting also the views of a numerous and influential class: \jj:£Whatwaswanting,hefolt,'wasthecr,ntiiiuaiueottbo themoutofpower. Letusnotbe."educedintosuch countries,7,r .ATLANTA, Ga.< Nov. 8, 1860. MyDear •DidyourwceivetheletterfromAn- To this instrument South Carolina became a party dciHon which I .sent you 1 It appeared to be .satisfac- tory and I have seen A. since. I think, however, tho election news will effectually chock oveiy^enterprise ofthesortforthepresent—atleastsuckaretnepresentTHX RKCEKT MURDXR A.T Rmoxwo or>.~The nam ixoui I to 6 p. ra., daily, oxoopt Suodaya. »rjLallbr^vWUWy ob-erved by the tfutoa are mape^lvrfy wpre- \a& Oud.theU^iouaballbeperpetual."theywillstandby.theminthesupportofthoirconsti- Wcmustrejectoverture*^notmadefoxourgood,but who, itisSMppoe&jL,murderedMr.J.D,Colyvrinhis {Adv«rtlr.cmont.J of Tha tutional rights. It was usele^ lor him to sayjhat for the good of those w^o, m«il sunk,as they are now bum at Ridgeweod ou Monday last, has ho<su traced'to EDWAltD H. DixoNs M. 1)., Editor!>y the authorized signatures of her delegates, Henry liorens,William.HenryDrayw>n,John iimhews, Bichard Hutaon and Tr.oai»» Hay ward, jr:Biinie Hemoiw-iitic, psVly,! denounced us'as the common, I pursuit.B o aHo bud been wen in the ne^hborhood aboutUlbco Coa»uUation« ou the woro obacur* dlw«**» ««» ^ ^ vUcor*. Rupture, l'Oo* Vnrieocolo. and KTMTM£J*%2~& i T ^ TT h eadvocates ofaccessionbase, theirargumont, not\v\\ 2s"orthcrnertt do not yet realize the r<*»uUB/>l your%" the Union shovld be perpetual," cOyUM. at will, right- be not far behind her. Any attempt on the part of theThe Abolitionists of .the North had but two objects £/> aTevil; sotial and.political, that it oritV^<&*TMTMZ view: the " nullification._of the Fugitive Slave law,"' \ them, in violence and-wrong, is'the offspr. eg or ,o.cc,and " no more slave territory." But. it was for the and is perpetuated by positive.'and local lav.*; J i"z "Northern people favora^Jo to the institutions of the tfbem, we recognfed the binding forco of such l0^Hl iay»Sbutli;.to stand by t h e m a ^ aid in their support. There arfd deny the propriety or expediency, any ^ . ! ^ i rfully, secede and break up that Unisl*wied men of that day did not understand »that by means of the sovereignty of any discontented St\.te she could rightfully leave the Union, her plighted fai&> notwith- standing, or they would not have trifled wJth each otherandtheworldbysuch"astipulation. Theyevi- dently thought that, a sovereign State hadpowevto limit its own sovereignty by compacts with othsr States, which should be of perpetual obligation, ;There is, however, a striking difference in the au- thority by which the Articles of Confederation and pur present Constitution are sanctioned. The former rested on the authority of the State I^gisktur^s, acting through their Delegates in Congress; the latter on the authorityvided in the Constitution itself the means of per- petuating the Union, we shall endeavor to show is.nterference.The fanfaronade of the South, at present, has a plainvention to amend the Constitution by new guarantees for slavery. It is an absurd scheme, but let us bethe Lord, through Jesus Christ; our Redeemer. Amen. fefAfter the prayer speeches were made by Messrs. Bar- ker, Robertson, Canneau, Hammond andNorthrup.The Washington Artillery paraded, and fired onehundred guns as the flag went up.A variety of banners woro displayed from the dwell- date for his high office, was assaUed for Republican, for military inspection. opinions which he had once held, and was dharged with,men, who were chosen to office upon as distinct pledges to freedom as any Republican now,. were bullied or bribed into an ignominious compromise, from whoso effects we are but beginning to recover. Let radical Republican* take care that a healthy public opinion be maintained, such as shal render it impossible to perpetrate such treacheries again.Randolph of Roanoke, Jeflbrson Randolph, McDbwell,.but learn from men now. acting what is tbe truth on the Seventh Regiment, National Guard, assembled «*that, as a question of State policy, it is best for the General Government and the poople of the North to abstain from all interference with the 'secession move- ments of South Carolina, If a single oitizen of South Carolina should be Bhot by the United States soldiers, it would do more to draw a dividing lino between the Korth and the South than all the talk of the dema- gogues in a hundred years. Our Confederacy rests on the voluntary assent of its several members, and we want no provinces dragooned by force into the Union. If any State wants to leave, the true policy is to lot her leave. This is in accordance with the spirit of our Government, w.hich has so signally justified its wisdomSouth during the late campaign, has been offered tho command of two hundred Virginians, who are willing to march against the scccders in tho event of disunion. He has accepted the command, and written a letter to Gov. Letchor tendering his services, and declaring that he'is ready to march at a moments warning, and give iiia life, if necessary', for the maintonanceof the Union.m< •'• •UNION MEETING AT THE NEW-YORK HOTEL.From Tli« Herald-Nov. Yt- . • .... Last eveninff a select number of our most influential citizens assembled at the New-York Hotel to.take into confederation the pending crnus, M&*-^TM*?£5? to if possible, aid in allaying tho agitation of the pub- lic mind throughout tho country. Among those pres-Tennent, Borkwood, and others.MONTGOMKRY, Saturday, Nov. 1,1860.ReoiM ietcat in Pac<*. iThcsmount raised" by subscription .fell short of tk»rrruAL ar COMPACT nicTwr.Bjf THK STATES— by its results. . ,TMK ARTICLKS or Co»rri>KRATio« THZ ACT or Free institutions are only possible among a people STAT*. LEGISLATURES—THE CVN3TITUT'IOI» THE whocanrespect the rights of others, and who canwhen ho was shot. Efe heard thfr.pistpl fired, and, see- ing his friend fall, / hastened to has-relief, andit was la.- his anm8 that And/ ;rson expired.'/':-. « ~ —PnoBABLB FA« TAL SuooTiRS..—A^y.onng man named Thomas Burko waetpaeaing through Delancey street yesterday morn/ uig about3 o'clock, when he heard load talkmg and la* .ghing in the lager beer saloon kept hjChristian Hey man, at No. 249; Delancey street. Young Burke stopper 1 for an instant, and glanced through tbe window to f #a what was going: on, when Heymattroan of our choice, to fetter his will, pervert his policy, German ses ^ed a pistol which was lying on a shelf andor interrupt the harmony of his councils. Mr. Liacoiu fired at Bw rke. The charge, consistingof sevoral buck- has been elected as a Republican, by our great Repub- shot, took effect in Burke's head, and he foil to thelican party, upon principles clearly defined aud pro-claimed everywhere. How can we approach bun now, pavement insensible.. Officer Wilson of theEleveathunder another name, under ambiguuua banners, ana W a r d e d rvcyed the wounded man to the Station-House,Otfden, James Monroe, Eli P .Norton, Benedict Lewis, '• ACT or THE PEO?LE—SOVEREIONTX MAX. L«UT South Carolinashow themselvesincapable of practicing jr?, Thomas N. Barr, W. H. Browne, and George C.ITSELF.this peculiar republican virtue, and, therefore, incom- 7petent to perform their part toward maintaining a Re- The meeting was called by means of the following publican Confederacy. -Theyinsist on imposing their circular; which was addressed to some fifty persons,.Indwiwitly fcwrdng upon the dawning of any attempt, to alienate any porUo» c f our country from tho r**t, or to eiifwbleTO THE PEOPLE OF THE SOUTH.I 'propose to discuss too doctrine of Secession in a own arbitrary will on the other members of the Asso-among them tho above gentlemen:few short numbers, and commence by showing the •origin of the Federal Union constituting the^United•States of America.When, in 1776, the British Colonics constituting theciation; or, as the alternative, they threaten to breafcuptheconcern. Whatcoursedoesitbecometieothor th*nacrcdtieawhichaovrlinktogethertheraxiouspart*. members to take under these circumstances 7 t I t seems tae aacrcu i«» wu«,« «v [WMhington'stfaxowellAddrew.hostile leaders? Republicans, you must not, ym can- where bs > received medical treatment at tbe hands of i not do so. You are confident in the iategjr»*y of youroriginal members of our Federal Union became inde-pendent States, each State was an independent nation, cordance with the voluntary nature of the .Union loi- possessing all the powers of unlimited sovereignty. ns to politely inform South Carolina that we shall un-p beensngKO*t«dbyseveralprominentgeutlomon.ofthis«ty,who*jassent to the decisions of the majority. The people ofour late enemies, and with them, as armed neutrals, orjealous allies, watch over the Administration of the caught sight of him. Springing to bi» feet, the enragedlowest possible point. Aw OLD DEMOCRAT.Selfish and ambitions men, who have no principlesPt<ar) «l*t>*rt, oomplaina that whllo bo vrw oonveratoj( with Jutla ) Smith ia Elai oa Saturday ubjht, aha anatohod hia watch and^oJaXr-uSaud^-erpetual Uu.on, a,.d all and ..ia^ular the therefore* is entitled to consideration, not merely as the22*1!^aud^hC.thtf«&contained.andwedofurther»oleuxuly opinionsofonewhoseopinionsonbisownaccountmay; allaytheexcitementintheNorthusweUasthoSouth.•'Medical Com*?General Government to coerce her back will be re-sisted to thedeath, and she will have plenty of help.I well remember the derision with Which you treatedSurely, thet ...siveand false to you, under threats of coercion. •'But come, let us reason together. The election of -Mr. Lincoln to the Presidoncy has been by eonstitu- tional means, and if you are law-abiding citizens you will recognize your duty to obey. But you tell me yOu will not, and f* that the South will secede," and why 1 " Not because Mr. Lincoln may not bo conser- vative, but because it is the growth of the sentiment he represents, which is simply hostility to you." How urged the North and the Republican party to a " faith- do you know thia ? Because politicians and political newspapers have said so. Surely for no other reason, for none other has been had. Then you are ready to dissolve the Union of the States on mere apprehension. Not willing to trust to the legislative branches of gov- ernment, which take office with Mr. Lincoln, and which will be in majority against him, to preserveof the North, and yeu piit down-the fire-eaters of the South.- If this be accomplished the Union is safe.Mr. Gerard followed, oppobing the resolutions on thethe person claiming the service rightfully, all okherlaws or regulations notwithstanding. This is a para- the bills. Mr.Moyd now acts with mucfcsuccess th*TH£> THREA TS OP SECESSION.SIR: Prominence has lately been given to the matterand-it wus one blaze-of AbolitiouiHm- He felt that it moral/ as wicked as tbe violation of any othor obliga- Niblo's Qarden.—$for: Forrest appears- this* week ass-9.•3=W-.»;••.M4Sft5slaves to their masters.At the present time, Republicans generally do notWebelieve--that Congress has the right to legislate- for the Territories of. the United States.; It always no good. It would no doubt be just the-thing the Re- has, andit seems to UBit must from necessity, prescribedesire to irritate the vanquished, and therefore areJXwewillnotbemadetoobeyit. Nodoubtthiscity will be as servile as it has always been, and it can take care of itself. A Republican 'administration need not and ought not to degrade itself by a superfluoustreat lightly the embarrassments that your course will commerce on tho seas, and protect our homes and fire-forthetimebeing,naturallyentailuponus. Iamnot sides.'Mayagriculturehvmgherstore'stoourmart, but l e a n assure you that, rather than endure this con and order and quiet abide in our streets, if it be Thycans and either of the parties with which the h*to of which Mr. Piston is the leader, has also taken an in- •struggle'hasbeen. Standinguponthepolicyofthe terestinthoprojectedvisit,andhasrolunteered-tofur-nish the Guard with music during their sojourn ill London.Captain James McMahon has been reelected Captain of Company F, Fourth Regiment, Artillery. This Company, without exception, is the beet Light Artil- lery Company in the city, the others being: scarcely worthy of the name. . ^; -CoL Pallor Statedithatjjhd jelt a ^repfsSasfecaon.>n servatismwillavailnothing. ItisnotAmweresist—•. findingtha/*somestepswereabout to~bV"'taken*tb, ifstate of 'thmgybere in our midst^ Mr. Lincoln's con-' o u r independence and formed <>"* Government. W owholly, dependent upon Southern trade. That I.have now obligations due and unpaid, from individual* and corporations in each of the Slave States between this and Mexico, will sadly embarrass me, but all this I will cheerfully endure for the sake of peace when you have gone, if you will not stay with us.There is hero no warlike spirit manifested toward you. The feeling rather seems to be that, if you desiro to leave the confederacy, under such trilling pretexts as 1 have enumerated, you have our regrets, but can take with you nothing more. If you stay in the Union, you will be expected—nay, compelled—to respect the laws of our country, and in this we of the North all agree. Almost all those of Pennsylvania who voted for Mr. Lincoln did so believing that he represents the policy and principles of the old'Whig party* and those who did not vote so will now sustain those who did.dren, and make us that happy people whose good is in the Northern and Southern sections of our oountry,1with the words inserted, ".JWeu.et mon droit.". prove personally offensive, I assure you that, as ever, I Bank of Charleston hoisted the Stale flag.' ,Thechanged. W e have but • to say, that we have not by a shotfrom a pistol in tbe hands of Canopmi, a plan* changed, and that we justify ourselves by tho reason-, and neat monument has b^sn erected over.-.tbe remaiasTrusting that I have not uttered one word that mayVLET THEM SECEDE. .To the Editor of Tho N. Y. Tribune.SIR: The position which you have taken on the Secession question is destined, to meet the approval of the deliberate judgment of the great mass ofthe people of all parties. Whatever may be the legal umphantly maintained the freedom of Speech in the by Chancellor Carroll, and Messrs. Mikell, Cooper, or constitutional merits of the case, there is no doubtinir of these Southern gentlemen, when thoy were than we think them now. How is it, tnatSouthern gentlemen come to think, that whoa they an-, nounce a.change of sentiment, the general mind must Hufier revolution ? How is it, that they havo oouie to expect that systems of thought and action are to dis- appear, or lo crumble; and be reconstructed, at their bidainglf Whence this potency of theirs, that the principles of political science, of domestic economy, of social justice are to yield and be reversed, to suit their political exigencies ? W e must think those gpmUemon•••-,TROOPS FOR THE UNION.Col. James S. Brisbin.of Pennsylvania, who B^> tri-' that the cadets were ready at a moment's notice; also••f«.«a•••4•»,»• (( MIHH«M- • • » • . - •-W e have passed through an excited political contest. It has been to us one of peculiar difliculty. Our friends have achieved an important triumph. It is well for u^ to consider our position after it. .WJJ ARK REruuhiCANS. Wo must not sever our- to me plain that it is the one which you have ^dwated. • • • '.'•".' NKTT-YOKK, Nov. 15, lJifiO. selves, in policy or in name, from the great party toW e sbould ourselves be unworthy of the Freedom which we have inherited,-if we basely submitted to the harsh threats of the slaveowners, but it xs m ac-8m: In view of the exoltonient of f«*mig engendered by th« recent Presidential election, the occeaaion rnovomcnt of the South, and the general dL-tracted condition of the C<>uutry. "J«»whom we attach oursolves, in our own first and almosthopeless organization, and when the,issue of theirpurposes, in the truth of your%iuiou*; be steadfast iu, the poll co surgeon. It is feared that his injuries will triumph, as you have been iu adversity, trusting ia the. i prove fi ual. Hcyman was immediately taken into ous-strugglewas doubtful. We are notlessconsciousof look to the- coiiHervation of the Federal Union.that a w n t e rightful purposes, we are not less convinced of the wis-ultimate power of, the good sense, tho morality, the. patriotii-m of the American people.ted)-, 9 jid locked up for the night. Yesterday morningJustic QBrennan committed him to await the result ofnuking of patriotic and conservative Citimm tdiould-be held foreonaulutionupontheproscntbrisii,andtodevWomomoitoOt domofourpolicynow,thanwhenwefirstannouncedullayingthecaistingagitation of the publicmind(and restoringmiiet and confidence to the country. • ourselves as an organized body, amid, difficulties, per-You arcthoroforero«pcctt'ullyinvitedtoattendsuchamootrng haps,notentirelywithoutdanger,andwhenourhopes on Friday (to-monow) ^veuing, at 8 o ' c l o c k ^ ^ ^ r V ^ P i v-•..".•.-.-.• /. •••. ^ — -ijbfim.action in tins matter. Ton remember my prediction, trn^on of Slavery, and if with lbs South a bold stand I Wo are strong in fJhe truth of our convictions, a-nd mun^cr before Coroner Wood of Jamaica stands a*.'• ''Prof.Robert Campbell,^ African V*Y6lorf vrut itisthe growth-of the sentiment ho represents,/which possible, asfc^re the conservative people of the South believera* they did, that all men ^ v e the ri«ht to life,, lecture' tb& (Monday) evening, at the S n W ?TMfyjthat the No.^b/ had not entirely. deserted ^them.^ liberty, and^thc pursuit ^ ^ a p | ^ f S % ? S & tcriau Cburc^J, Princestreot, Brooklyn, on the eubjocCthis subject when we last talked about it, but a very was every probability of a.^?sneral Southern? Conven- .disturb it, except in those whose law it is. *>° De" ti\A Officer Lyons o/ the Math Precinct, and O f l ^ TbooiraW of; 0 3 fewdayswill"-serve''toconvince"youoftheterrible-" tioncomiiosedofdelegates J&omaH.the Southern lieVSintheequalityandthesovereigntyofthe.^*^, tbeTbhleenthI'recluct,New-York.»ttcc«od«din,^*«**5_«S• sevvative men, to meet with th\?ir Southern brethren era! Swtes, iri^ihe formation of onr Federal Gove *iX' CousTKRFsrr BILLS,—Oificor Brown-bf the First Precinct,anrrtcd-rjioniiuAfinge,on»»t"n»«7D,fe?"*c„T]ff j'Jmistake you made. I assure you that I am not exag< States, and what should be do.wNorth was for a like of this Union, except so far as that sovoreign^T bJWttgerating the facts. s.Writetomeandletmeknowhowyoufosl.Yonra, truly,' ' -accuted, who WM brought to thia city and committed tS S w « Convention to be called composed of Northern con- been modified oJffiurreBdcred by tbe people oi the ^o7 ' . exiin-inalion . »——•< and let them know that they should be aided. *« the -ment. "We beUose in their municipal affiurs^onorall^V ot atfempiingto paw a co«ntori«it * 2 biU on ths S^hArn «»nkmaintenance of their rights and *ft. the protection of and oves^the question of domestic Slavery in particu- their slaves and property. He aHuded 'tatW abuse lar, the States wxthiii thefr bbrders have absoluteof Csorgta, at the atoro of Auguat Swwtaor, No, 237 VVa*hln«to« * Aw Orrics-Hoi.T>ER is TnosSLK^-JTobttrRot*!, As•oondnumtcr of tbo JS. D., w u up for oxaminatfoB bsforo£w«o* Walahan on Salorday. on a oharjo of r^coWng atoteo pf*p*rtr.. J»fl«r a oareful inY«rfi«atfon of tbo obargo, ho w»s; » W » « to ^rre boudatotheamountof$U,000to»ppo«randanjwortftaPniLADKLTinA, Nov. 14,1860. Mf DEAR FUIEND: T our esteemed favor at the 8th is just received. The letter you refer to was also duly received, and for which please accept my thanks. You are mis*afcen in supposing that I treated your views of the state' of political feeling at the South with derision when we Jast conversed on that subject. I did treat with deriswn, however,'the proclamation that unices we, the conservative class' of the North, yotedfor aDemocratj you, the South, "would make trouble^ and that the socestdou of certain States would' be the final result. ••••. • ' " - . ' '•Nor did I do SO/frpm any misapprehension of the con-sequencesthat,youwouldentailuponyouruelves,inthis threatened pursuit of vengeance, and this only be-cause you had declared- vengeance was yours. Butflrstlet me explain toybu that att my life I have battledthat old: mystery of Babylon; in the shape of the Demo-cratic party (at whose downfall- we are told that " thomerchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her" • intention to accomplish all before that period. He ulations, outside of its-'own territorial limits. We^ing if possible the excitement existmg and atfsuringtherib the States, the*, we havo>no right, newish; to in-aat VMurphyholdasinoneatonthobodyof»cnannamedJ««* V«M • Obt, who fell dead tn tho stroot on Friday night, in a « or «i>oi fSoxy. anporindueod by habitual intoxiSatiott, A vordiotto ^M^»ncowa«doUverod. Tho dowwaaed m a about »yo**» of a«iV»d'bad no family or connootiona that soaldbedhiOOT*terfere, directly ov'iridirectiyvwhatever may oar bur statedthai,asaSoutherner,hewaswellawareofjthe judgment,asindividuals-,otits-influenceuponthepoo—vide Revelations, chap, xviii, y. 11,12,13), and I amnow free to confess to you that, rather than take herto my confidence and trust, with all her iniquitiesheaped upon her head, I could witness the seperationand dismemberment of every State in thie now glorious.Confederacy. Neither would you, nor I, nor any otherman of conscientious convictions, vote for any particu-lar'' candidate, or the maintenance of principles repul- between the States shall be secured. It was for them obligation would be otherwise of no force, shall; bystruction of the Union. Within sixty days he felt as- sured that three States would secede, and all the meet-' irigs would not save them; they had theirprido at stake,know no suificieat reason why tbo subjeot of Slavery should be an ex^eptiou. The first Congress, which met under the present Federal Constitution in 1789, :re6n-andtheywillrisein theirown defense, andmustun- actedthefamousordinanceof1787, audsuccessiveCon- doubtedly succeed in secession.. He claims that the gresses have passed the same law as to Indiana, Illi-South had every reason to class the Republican party nois, and Michigan. In 1820, after elaborate debate, as. Abolitionists, when their main mouthpiece, Mr. Congress passed the same law as to all the MissouriSeward, bad proclaimed that Mr. Lincoln, if elected, would be the end of Slavery. He concluded by hoping that the resolutions would not be carried into eilect.Territory west of the State of Missouri and north of- a certain fine of latitude. In 1836, a similar Law was passed as to Wisconsin; in 1838, as to Iowa; in 1848, as to Oregon. We think the new Constitutional light so many are now disposed to follow must be illusive.Mr. W . H.Brown addressed the meeting, and wasfollowed briefly by Mr. Ogden, Mr. .Morton,, and Mr.Hisley, when, upon a motion of. Mr. Kinsley, it Was We feel disposed to be guided by our fathers. Wd agreed to refer the whole matter to-a Committee of know they were pure and patriotic. W e think thoy live, to report at a subsequent meeting what steps had must have known what they themselves did.better be taken to accomplish their objest.given hero every night. •. - -.'*Messrs. Kinsley, Monroe, Fuller, Brown, and Mor- ton were appointed, after which they adjourned*.W e believe that the Territories of the United States ought to be appropriated to the freemen of the United States. Our national greatness has surely been ad vanced by such an appropriation of our great Northern States and our great North-Western Territories. Oar population, our wealth, our general influence among the civilized nations Of the world, our extended educa--The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher will deliver a les- ture this (Monday) evening at the Cooper-Institute.' This will be a new lecture, and Mr. Beecber's first for this season.•Dr. Gilbert will deliver a popular lecture? on fte *Organs of Respiration^ on Tuesday ovsfcingj in. hsH No. 24 Cooper Institute..M^ttrrART MATTERS.—Company E . of the 9th, Regi- ment, City Guard, under, -eommand sf Captain W 3 - liams Attenburn, contemplate visiting London, some time next Summer, and preparations are noW b e t s ; made with that object. The Guard will probably leave in August, by steamer, from.this city to Southampton. The calculation is to take one hundred muskets, sad *•ber of.persons,'including^crowds of ladies, were col- lected in the square. The Rev. C. P . Gadsden opened flhe meoting with the following prayer:0,God! our refuge and strength, the shield of eur bclp and the sword of our excellency, we come before thee to express our dependence upon Thy succor, and our need of Thy guidance and defense. The liberties with which Thy protection blessed our fathers. being imperiled, we ask Tby favor and aid. Inspire us with courage, with a spirit Of self-sacrifice, with a love of law and order, and with dependence upon Thee. Blessnational greatness as its object, and comprehends all the people, cannot justly be stigmatized as sectional. When our fathers established the policy of devoting,free soil to free labor, thoy were not sectional. AH. the States but one were then Slave States. What has occurred to make the attempt now to do what tbey did BOdeeply wrong 1 What can have changed tho funda- mental laws of political science and of domestic econ- omy? •Government, as established' at. its formation,'vro are tinual disturbance of trade and commerce between us will. Avert from our band the horrors of^-war; but resisting a heavy torrent of revolution, urgiid on by this constant apprehension of danger, we prefer to pas 1 whatever we may be called upon to endure, be Thou all the othor parties. W e must preserve our distinctiveings in the neighborhood; among the mottoes thereon still entertaining. He admittea that he had within a was this: few years held such opinious, but that he had changed " South Carolina goes it alone—her trumps, Ma- his views. Mr. Mason in his place iu the Senate, last Winter, aud Mr. Hunter in a late address.to the poople of Virginia, stated that a few years agO all Southern gentlemen held the views on Slavery wniloh lie. at the ioundation of the Republican policy, but that they had•The tri-color flag was hung out from the theater,WM. L.MARSHALL, OKOltGE 8ARRIS.DANIEL T. OUEM.WM. PUSCKJXKY1SW1NQ,"—~AN INTERESTING CORRESPONDENCE. . Mr, Monroe then stated the object of the call, and, in common with us, or who think our principles of too hison Family in Brooklyn will be given thia evening caught hor aud recovered hht property, ho haudoa U«r «y«rt»Hotel. Roipcctfully yours, JAMEE9 MONROE..though it was not known whether all present were fa- -vorable to the call, yet it was more the desire to obtainof success had scarcely the power to- sustain us/ Let us be firm to oar association, ourpurposes, our name, and our great leader.Baltimore, Nov. 15, I860. BROOKLYNa» interest in the above saloon. -It was near 9 o'clock when the meetmg was calied to order, James Dopeystcr Ogden, esq., being called to preside as temporary Chairman, and James Monroo api>ointed Secretary. -' _tho views of those present, in hopes that some effort strength to further their self-seeking. They ask.us to might be made to secure any State from seceding andiUnion, and thoy mu*t m a k e some e/u,rt to secure that union/even for the plausible, tb,« desirable object, wc object by letting their Southern brethren know that admit, of controlling our Municipal ami State politics.. . . .*• '•, M iAboli.tibnism.was the cause pX thw terrible calaauiy, lortl'at t]jev know full ws,l>, nud it was intended by its folloAvera to either secure t ' c freedom ot slaves orin disappointment nn;V defeat) havo, in unison with thatSing Sing, N. Y., by the officers who we^, t iu his ScalpsiiMid Operating aud toaaultiug Surgoou. « ^ g S ^iwnipfcbms; :. ' .. '.-'.', , • „ bi-mg about a dissolution, -.It was time they enemy of thin $$0 people, if uot of miuikiiid. I the time the-oflicra wriyttl, but 8vi#s}0(>0d04 -ltx oluding withoutnow .fairly mot tho ifottcvHe believed iu the lusli-audit \9 9 niM4hf^Untitled Documentpower, i&y.interfsrence with the exercise of thatpower, or ufi^uits operation, upon its subjects, whetherby other Governments; political bodies, voluntary as-sociations, o^iadividusas, we hofii to be unjust, ira-moi-al, wieKsd: The rights established by positivo t "ixrrgo beforo tho Grand Jtrry. municipal lawvosr religionteacbes us to1 reject, evention ef the people, our progress in science, in .litera-because-we are assured of tho fact by our opponent*themselves. W e need not appeal to the records ofWashington, Jefferson, Madison. Mason, Marshall,The commissioned and non-comadk*l*»©d officers «t this subjeot: Gov. Letcher, wnen ho became a candi- their armory, Tompkins Market, on Saturday night,A meeting of citizens of this County was.keldthismorning at tho Capitol to nominate candidates for the betray'a want of thought and just censiderauun in cey, who wras a fri* nd of Anderson, and. neax at handConvention. All parties participated. Mr.Wilfem L. Yancey and Mr. Thomas H. Watts, the leader of the Bell party of this State, were nominated byaoolama-Tho Convention will be composed of one hundred members. From, the indications given in private correspondence from leading men in each county, at least seventy-five members of the Convention will be for unconditional disunion.their high demands upon the intelligence and moral sefitiments of their fellow citizens.Sustained, as we thus flnd om-selves,^ our opinions, by tho examples of the men under whose guidance this nation has been so happy,, and has grown so groat, wo cannot swerve from our course, or pause for an instant. W e must adhere to onr principles, our organization, our name, and our elected Chief Magistrate. We are Republicans, and, as such, claim affiliation with the great band of patriots who have united, under that name to retrieve the Government from its aberrations, and restore its policy to that of its founders. We can recognize no new organizations;, we can unite with noent were Jaines W.Gerard,esq,, James D*peyst«r TO THE REPUBLICANS OF MARYLAND. thirdparty,gathered ui»fromtheshatteredremainwofMr. JSichola* —.—taininc that the cow* were »tolent restored thom to• .«• • • •.« * '••*..*»•. *>••».• - -•••-—. , -KUGENE ANDERSON,. Di<Vt July21, 1850.required sum, but thr 3deticiency was paid by JSr. Ra- •vt PwtSoutthokmfeorfuture. ofo»W»tW *U9 l 'S&S^*«,.*•,• -f A^,Mwrn„r U***TW*i ^_^•r^-www.fultonhistory.commamaai Ma^MalaS. ••'^Mi.is.;*.'!:'. v- „v•!.,.....^,i.^:^v.';''it^i;^.i^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069US psfe'-"i'fU'ii 