 And make them fall; (kaaxa ) t>o!vttad then pontics,Vm* irate their knavish tricks— Os ibee, U Mod, oar eye* «« fix—the fact that I am profoundly Impressed with this c >a- t o t - i t would be aconstUutiooal election, and. adhering glltutional administration of the government will with tbtt institution recognized our fathers formed the dition of affairs The opposition to this party is divided as we do to the constitution, we do not think that it soot only restore pease to our distracted country, Uaion—a compromise Uaion—* Union that sltould protectlun-. a d tbAt It was put upon the wrong track forty years mm.' in aamiUiiiK a alaveholding Slate into the Union. «> >'al not the people of a State to enjoy the privilege ofbattle bad been fought and the victory won; aid he says now in a aroeech he recently made, tbat slavery cannot go into tbe Territories, unless you open the African slavoproud ai.d intrepid determination to maintain aud viidl cate and defend it alike against the attocks of open eoe lilies and the more insidious assaults ot professing friends.aorneratlj, and almost as soon as ti ;sk stt iu, skyrocketswent whizzing through the air in a brilliant profusionaad Jackson, that all the blessings nhich our people now- enjoyed had been vouchsafed to the country, fChoer3 ) The rep .bin an party had never brought any benefit to the nation This blaok republican party was now no more nor L'8S than an abortive attempt at Federal!*-1.After remarks from Hon .lohn Cochrane, Henry Arcuia George Campbell aad others, the meeting adjourned auad much enthusiasm.THE WESTERN STAND. SPEECH OF KLI P . NORTON.A meeting was organized at Clinton Hall,and a number of speakers addressed the multitude from the balcony, among whom were Eu P. NORTOS, or the city of New York, wbo addressed the meeting aa follows:—tu lb i aroused majesty of tbe American peoo'e otrestoring order and burling them irum their P it.*.I nited States. But It seems uot to be so considered by ttis gieat apostle of the Republican party. Suppose .he 3-my and navy abolished, and a foreign 'foe should enterpeople "f this country In clearer or more distiuct terms meetug there, and amusing themselves and the olderthe wea'ib. the domestic happ.ro ss. and, as the people e.f those tiiates believe, their very extsteooe as civi-the adoption of the constitution of this UnionTcey met to support a man for the Presidency who wouldI Applause.) It ia cot the lirs. lime, it is true. f>at , tte harbor of New York, scattering desolation and ruinibe candidates for the highest otlii*8 u ihe republichave been taken from one section of toe Luton; but .t mustbe remembered tbat >n>s election is iiia-ie t > turn aloi^eon a sectional issue, every a,uesliou ol" if^ttinale natt >u«ll»>.cy is tan ired, an t slavery is uv oaiy question Uis and say the ruin Is north of Mason and Dixon's line and (nsreJ To lake ca-ididat-s uo* irom one secaoa—to v>e au. t aflurd to support aa armv and navy to rooelp-iK'laam war against another scctiou—to denounce ta» II vasioii--' north of tbat line. Gentlemen, I do uot believe !'i»i lutio.s ol QOordinate Stales—th,.s in ihe issua betoreib'm, but roy tbe openly avowed opinions "f'the Chic*.;? t.ot.s of Young American syntax and enthusiasm, wereu rctnee, and of his m st prominent and ablest advo- soon ciea-ed from o 1 the platform, and the rough and cates If they do not mean that the conduct of the re-publican administration, wb.ch tbey ate ondeavonig to ready members of the association a-sumed itt undisptttcd estabiL-h, shall be inoulii-d by tluae oplni.ons-tbey are poaEcssion. The banners and the torches were plax-iBut i ou are might 7—you are in vincible rise to the tuU gran-ear of year position, friends ot the ocastitut so. frtet •» of liberty, friends of the repnblk:. rise in the foil ma-, tij at roar strength aad crush the enemies of your no*.11 jr. (Tremenoooue applause )The PresKteat then mtrowooad et Gov. isoawian, of Ky . who vws received with loud ehsers and appUnse T-re* cheer* were given tor OMKentucky. Whea»i:eaoecreate daily that alienation. We are already fast .orget- ting tbat we belong to the same great confederacy. Feel-Daas Six—Yoar note of the 8BPT. K>. 1S60.. — 13th Inst., informing me s.atery from tbe Territories, against the spirit of the»»»o r»-.> 'o* " < • »f •ectiooalism B»nt,« The uaion of all parties for the save of the Union " peace and harmony of the country." They ge on to deny thai ti tie has arrived Partisan conflicts aad strifes uponupon aa equality with white mea, A distlnguiahed mem-ny, waa aesa advancing frost th* direction of tb**varus th* aatoa of all **tto*al men aga not an abstract nrlactptoTlaejrwould S S s e ' S j L ! ^ J ? 1n aad th* nsoessary ultimate ooars^«eoc*—a would perpetrate this act of tuicide J%EL*X£?J& great industrial interests of mankuid, viz Commerce party, but the leaders are demagogues who excite the 'of ISMtat* which MB** M together as one nv treason agalnt the hope* of the wotU^HZ^1 °if agriculture and manuracturet—tbe fate of oar republic patetous and prejudices of the people that they may rideabject African race to our midst What ready rostra mea war* ol! dressed In scaroet caps* aad caps, glared.menu for all their design* upon our institutions, domes- aa were those appoiataatnt* of tbe other oeteiraito** tic and national What an array of African voters could Miner them cam* a larger body, forming a solid phalanxI thank you frot* Miasccrl Mr Je 'crsna . i S ^ T fur this BssnUeststw of kteitats* toward* OldMofthsdelicate and dangerous is ues have so excited the tjoouUr tbe authority of Congress, or of a Territor.al leg statu** mind and embittered one section of th* country aeains- or of any other power to give legal existence to slavery the otter, tbat unleaa tha goad tense aad calm action ef in any of the Territories of the United States. B itthe evil, aad once more ratter* harmony to this great went have a chance " Laughter.) There are manv nation, bound together In mutual dependence by the three coaaeevative men in the rank and fit* of the republicanber of tbe New York Constitutional Convention of 1.8» ferry. It consisted of delegate* from BrooklynBait that at our time parties in the city of New York aad Wtil-ainabuiT First caste a party bearingoi this great republic would not feel the shock, aau I ven- , ture to ask you If you suppose, any one living being throughout the whole South, wonl 1 quietly fold ha? armspart; at which i point, i mean the r< publican porty. LncoLa bod met to defeat the candidate of the incendiaryupon the platform, and the enthusiastic occupants car- States. The s?uprcm> i'o -i have deciued that uch a taw of tbe uftee-a State*, who wer* ready to recognise oaly is unconstitutional, an'! rail and void. And uow let asi'i> country, this ihe policy exhibuel u our *iew and it tbtt we have one such man iu that section. I glory thatacting a >ii3houe»t part, are deluding their folNrers. aud are utte.-'.y unworthy of any coofiicaoe. Tiosu who sup- port them accede to those opinions, which have taken aof the Seuate, House of Keprvaeiita'.ives and i'refc.leul of cb**ea chairman of tbe meeting, and without con Lie- Uiitled Stater !,et u- suppose i» :a v prohii'itiug .-lavery pasted: that the President a iopts tbe theory of hi- oarty burning time with any introductory remarks, further hi io toe Supreme Oourt tnd du=re ttrot its 'V-crees. Who is ao "irrepressible contllct ' between freadom and slave than those of thankfulness for the favor, he introduced S'lail the pe. pie obe;., the repuh.ican President or theNEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER ,13, 1860-TRIPLE SHEET.Impose. lb* battery of the world fa taught us what are the lastrointa of written law opposed to tbe resentments tnd passion* at party In a contest •uch aa tblt, ir. volviog tbe moment ota issue whether tb* people of tb* Northern States ahall argents* a eruaade against tb* Southern States, the citizens of th*city of New York cannot be indifferent spectators New to be wroi««d aad oegradea, nor live to we her institu- L-etner That we have reached a crisis in the history f bat" LIT with all the energy demanded by our position, Hie government in the Presidential Chair, but of the tion, rowers) There was a party lat**y calling them York ts the met opolis ot the whole republic Her* areiiingscacactbe, and our government long e-ist How Northwestern jBtatas Sb* h art the tramp o" men mu*- , and expect to r?end the remnant or my life—ii loya., in l» the evil to be remedied f is a most important question, teriug 10 the ovt-rth/,w of her uulsiawaa Hal she ( tua; drpeadenca of one gection upon another eve'v fmDul'e ol it. great aad patriotic heart, to the con iad. it seems to me. admits ot but one answer. The for- stand* uttdla«no>ed, roanccat jet is the patriotic Instinct* , Kecipruca. uterista grow out of sar gvograpLi fett^onandtbe Un;oa. We are slue opposed to the snation ororganlzaion of a great Nstioual Coottitutloiit.! November next to the wupport ot the eoastituUea and tbe tows. (Loud cheers.)NauoaSttrra wa* then introduced, amid the cheer^g or the crowd. The oppressions of Eog and, he said, which of the imericaa pi»pl», ctu&deut ;a taa fraternal regard coi poittioa, cre<t:ag a commoa bond to keep sect. c » l i S of the North aad tbe South. (Loud ap- Vt'to Party, that will war against all factions or saction were endured by the feeble eotontea of America, led to of her Northern .rieuo*, but more c .bttdeta atili lo bar us a united people if we should not wantAsly ruau£T Sifated in the heart of this repubfic, with a al parties, North, Soucb, East or West. It is a matter of the formation of the constitution, und the Tauon of the owa »e!f rct.p<-e. ano courage—fu» ah* »ili a t n f u b a l l and madly sever the ties by which we ore bound n- freeloM frontier of nearly seven hundred miles, we are •Ut i ttle consequence to the people who shall administer thirteen Stotee, which was the germ of this mighty na-tion!! brought un for the baa of tb« |ov<.ruH«nt. Hue borrowi lie apint of to* national loaf *f to^'tad, her m titer, and ti*ci*la>t—O Urd, oar God, arke, SiAllar oar t s c i u ttbe bom** ef tbe native*of every State ia tb* I nioa Here centre tbe business interests of almost ertry com- munity in the country. To thai city are linked the tttocdtninwertBc party h u sprung upon the po itlca! arena, sectional evils of which we complain. If we should be tybich materislly disturbs the reserved rights of any of sent to tight to decide was. whether it can be done. tints and the Interest* of every part ef the republic Tbewhole Onion it in sympathy with as, and throughout tbe land tbe electric current flashes intelligence of everv pulsation of our life. Aa tbe republic has advanced to tha front rank of nation*, ao New York hat taken her stand a peer among tbe greatest cities in tbe world With * municipal government confessedly inaaequtte the national government baa thrown its protecting arm around us, and raised New York to imperial gran dear. Our ahips spread their Bails confidently before th*our couotry. it seems to me, ho one can be to wi'ful y asalntt the sectlocate m of the North and the disunion selves Wide Awakes—the repubiiceu party—the tendencyblind as not to see It u, ia a y judgment, an aUrmiog, an : sccfeitiuo Uodeacy of the South (Renewed appiaase^ most mompTtous consequence how it shall be adminis- of whose principles was to break up tbe established insti- a fearful ensa. A bold, defiant, well organized rampant, " ; * not beliere that diiuDt» ^ the remedy for the tered A Notional Aamlnistrrtion founded upon a policy tutions of this country, and the questioi for those pre-with a stnt'.e idea as their bond of Union, end purely sec vtt-tfd by the calamity of Mr Liacom's election-and I flte States, will ultimately, if continued, end in a (Cries of "No, no.") When the Union ws* formed all tbe t.onal tn every characteristic feature. I cannot dts;ulse tn ik it would be toe saddest which ever befel this aa ejftsMut'on of the Union; whilst a faithful con States except ote had negro slavery existing in thean; andinto three frtsraeats; th- se fragments if combined bare wou'd afford any ground for disunion or secern on. (I.oud but also insure its blessings to future genera and perpetuate the rights and institutions of all. (A tbe stren :th and the power t9 overthrow this d•»- • -r^us applause.) The ligaments which bind us together are too tions. 1 am a Union man, in the most compreheu voice—"Good tor Smith.'• laugbter) It was a contract C.MI save the State' (Loudapplai*,) aad sectKiual party. (4pptaug«.) i bare deep and at>;i strong to be broken by any such cause at tbat. Thtt it give meaning and spirit of the term, yet I consider the between that* vartoutrcouununities unuer which our fa- tu< o ovietions ss to the party best calcu.itei to bar would impair and weaken tbe moral ties whici unite us in tnion or these States as virtually dissolved, unless bro thers und»r which tbe atatetmen of those tiraaaaaia moniae the discordant elements ia our midst, and to re one common brotherhood, must be obvious to fall. tberly feeling and kindness can be restored between the they could live in peace. And persons who were opptwMWe mutt defeat this fierce *eeii*>uai league, out M-f the government trim their grasp. Wh/ should lb > rtb be arrayed against the South ' There m amplestore our distracted nation to peace and happiness l That it would produce deep and pervading dissatisfaction tit;/ens of different sections of the country. We re ay to the priuciples of slavery In those days were neverthe winds of heaven, for wherever they go the itenkut of thehave been ah my life a whig, (applause,) a whig of the and jealousy, and increase the alienation and give fresh live together for a short time under tbe form of constita- less willing to adopt the proposition for I nion which re- Henry Clay school, (continued applause,) and I am stiu and Vigorous growth to more hostile feelings, must be fJontl union, but the vitality and spirit is gone, and de- cognized that institution, provi«efi they could live :a oeace.ro< m oa this continent for the expansion and working ofour s>steiBJOf ciT.nz*li<.io—-iyettans which are aot cosfl < '.tug bat wblua ar« admiralty adapted to each older; one, and acknowledge my allegiance sod fealty to the apptrent to every one who will pause to refieci on the gay anil final dissolution will soon follow. I look with; r we consume your products, anl we supply you with principles of that irreat party. (Applause.) But reeling subject. The Sooth kno vs that the North has tbe nu great solicitude to the course of New York in the ao That was the sentiment of 1771 Taat was the sentiment if.e material for jour ladaslry. Ltt the two system* as Ido, that the perpetuity of our «overnment is paramount Broaching election. Standing as she does between the of the Declaration of to dependence, which is unjustly work side by aile, ibr North is airealy p-^werfil, and to all party ties, I do not hesitate to declare my wtl merical strength; that if it chooses to embody as a mere fntfltctiag elemerts«iVTorth and South, a b?avy responsi cited by the republicans to show that It was tb* spirit ofamerican republic hovers around them 'tor commerce fearlessly track* every aea, every inlet aad every nver upon the globe, for tbe American navy, tbat under the exigencies of war would spring Into cotoatal power, pro t e ' t s it. Affection, gratitude, patriot ism—every senti-ment tbat ennobles man—btndt New York to the Unto*. tour population is rapidly increasing, by a steady stream lingoes* to unite with all national Union men to <Jru§o sectional party, tt can alwtys triumph. The extreme lility rests upon ber to act in that calm, firm and digni- tbat time that the negro was equal with the white man. Let, then, ber citizens act under tbe inlueeee of theirout the spirit which vitalize* s most den^rmis sectional South professes to bclievo thtt it will be so embodied, fled manner, so as to throw oil itpou the troablel waves. But all intelligent men will reeiiiy perceive that the organization, flow this ts to be best accomplished is and that there will be no safety for Southern rights in Cement closer the Union of these States, and say to all words of the Declaration, which they misrepresent, were not tor me to. say. I leave it to those who are the "irrepressible confilct'' which must ensue between tactions who either desire, or whosa policy would tend n' ver intended to apply to the negro, it is unjust for the best acquainted with all the local influences by which the sections, and many go so far as to proclaim disunion to destroy this Union, "What God had joined together, republican party to put such at, erroneous constructionof eu.igraima wbioh ,M*e*da alt over your vast territory.There aaay be dtnunwrnsts to the South, but leave us todei' with tbtrn and crush them out In the same wayd-a, ) <Mwith. Mack republicanism and crash it oat. (ApI Uu*e ) Slavery will not go where itfatnot wanted U is you are surrounded, to adopt that mods of combination as the only remedy. Kentucky is battling with all her u-t no man put asunder." With sentiments of the highest ui»oc it. All instruments Should be interpreted accordingnoble impulses I*t them here, upon Northern son, en- counter and defeat those misguided men wbo mistake a| malignant fanaticism for philai thropy. Let them rise to tbe rail dignity of American citlz-as, and. forgettinglo.^ru-d by naturallaws —ofsoil and cl.mote.and we ire which sash be beet calculated to attain the desired end. giant strength against this dangerous heresy (Loud ap- < <i.lent to leave i' to its natural expansion. A*'re a Your motto of "Union for the sake of the Uaion" ia the plause ) She believes that there is a deep conservative *-.-. I'eitned parole! of latitude it cannot be profitably motto of vsstory as well as of patriotism. (Aopuvise ) I leelicg La the North, which in the hour of trial will b? cm; o|ed. H is madness, then, u> seek to limit it by le have said, and I believe, tbat this sectional republican our taftst and surest remedy. (Renewed applause ) She gtoiaikon, by usurpolton. bj interning the N%wth against party is s daogernuB organ iz it ion It is confined to one relies upon it and appeals to you as lovers of our commonlegardGEO R CLaYTON.LETTIK FROM WASHINGTON urVf.LOOKPORT, Sept 3,1860to their cotemporaneoos history; and all know tbtt there was co agitation about the negro at the time of the forma- t on ol the constitution. Toe declaration that all men areequa' was called forth by tbe oppression which the people of the colonies endured from the British » rown,jparties and men, with a due reverence for those whoGKNTLXMEN—I have received your letter inviting me toi ti • MMjth, and by proclaiming humanitarian donnaes, section atone Its candidates for the Presidency and Vice country—as patriots derotad to the Uaion—to rally attend the proposed Union meeting in the city of New and bad reference to the people of England and the P^Pjfnave preceded and left among as so many monuments of ' rational glory, for tbat posterity to whom, in the o*d*r of things, we are bound, and above all, for tbat beaetoant Being under whose providence wa have become ao great,so happy and ao free, let them maintain tbe union of i these States, not ss an enforced and reluctant coafede racy, but tbe Union of * people loyal aad true, coaside! rate of the rights of sister State*, baring for their "high- ' er law" an unreserved attectlon for every section of theirh* snaffow as tbejr ar*> dangerous. To God's providence Presidency are taken from the same section It cannot against a sectional organization which ia daily weakening fork on the 17th instant. Other engagements, in the th i treat mtireei must be committed; He sees the sub pi i one single electoral vote in all the slaveholding States. the ties which unite us. (Cheers and applause.) This fame patriotic cause, will put it ouf of my power to be i n. march of nations—He aone can guide our steps; and Appealing to ai; the fanatical prejudices against slavery, organisation professes in words to be for the Union, but present- I persutde myself that it is scarcely necessaryof the colonies It never for one moment was intended to apply to the negro. (Cheere, and c m s of "Good.' ) Passin? from this topic, the speaker alluded to the principles of the republican party, which, if carriedthe other, and the fanatical leaders of that party I would t.ot -top till one portion wa >ublued. The e prin- ciple were in direct hortllity to the principle- of peaceVIAktjperdoua iUiy, as well as aulaoity, for our breth- a:id combining the perhaps equally strong element of tbe if, from i*a verv nature, its tendency is to weaken these for me to assure you of" my earnest approval oi the ob-ren ol the North to pass away from the lines of tae-ir own spoils of office, they are waging war against the rights tics, in the language of the Father of his Country, jects of the meeting. In the present crisis, patriotism out, would array oue portion of the Union againstcoaunon country.THE MTDDLE STAND.M'EECHK- OF MKSSJW. JOHN T. O'FLYKK, OILCUBItT, OOIontSY AND OTHEBS.Shortly after eight o'clock a young man, who oect- Eionally practise* law in tbe Special Sessions, aactuded tbe Btacd erected in front of tbe Coo]>er Institute and pro- ceeded to address hit fellow citizens. He wa* very tnuah intoxicated, and aa tbe "great uxterrifled"—especially tbe juvenile portloasof the democracy are over.lowing with the mirthful element, they could not refratn front embraciig such a favorable opportunity to have a oily time. Fellow citizen*, said tbe orator, shall yon not be independent? Shall you not be first, recoad, thiia.;..rial syatcm in the val* hope of reformi >g oura. and interests and prosperity of fifteen States of this con It is •'hostile to the liberty and independence of Ameri ealls alcud upon all men of true national feeling to put have said mat it would be a gross violation if the , federacy. i do not say that there are not conservative ra " l confess that I cannot help looking upon it at a •aide minor differences and mere partisan prejudices in o.Mwiuitwa to engraft upon the government a men who have attached themselves lo this party under kind of profanation when I hear appeals made tn behalf one noble, united effort to arrest the destructive progress cu>„-.f h**ul« to siaverv It would be more than Hi is—it , tbe vain deh sion that they can arrest the wild intoxica- of the Union bv those whose whole course is fast hurry-under which the ctto-titution and the Union were found ». id be a Uaarottt breach of good faith. Does any man tion of a blind fanaticism. They are wofully mistakeo ing it te the brink of an awful precipice. If the South ef sectional strife, and avert tbe dangers which threaten ed. (Cheers.) Mr. Smith dwelt upon th* iniqc»u»us at- be eve thai tne federal govern meal could have been con ir they think so. They will be crushed to the sboull form a merely Southern sectional orgaalttaion. tbe country from tbe mad endeavors of a geographical tempts of the black republican party, and theirjlxedfctrot usd it u hau been understood toot the powers^ weretu be directed against slavery in the Stateer Why, ilv»iu> eiprerniy st pulaUd in the const! uit ton that the fo-reign alave trade should not be prohibit >d by the g »vern-luent tor twanty -eons after iti adoption. Why stipulate(,r the coutuioed imporUtion of Staves for twenty years,if it was to be the policy of the governmeat in future toearth, and thrown oil' as a useless incumbrance such as this sectional Northern party, dividing the coun- combination to obtain control of the government of the deteiminatlon to agitate the question, of negro suffrage,in the onward progress of this higher taw party. try by a geographical lino, the first great efflcleat step faicn With great regard, yours truly,thus placing the negro upon perfect equality Willi the white man. Should tf is be the ceser he asked. (\ oices— 'Never'" "No, never'") The idea of the Union man was 'The constitution and the enforcemeut or the ltw-i ' Therefore, in conclu- on, he earnestly appealed to ail Union loving citizen-, a l Doug la , and Beli, and Breckia ridge men, to stand upon one common ground, and to act in perfect union, so that at toe ec-uiag election they migi t defeat their common enemy*-the republican nomi- nee, Oid Abe Lincoln. (Loud cheers ): I | jAs Henry Clay said to some gentlstneo to whom he talked upon a kindred subject to this, " You cannot keep up with this party • If you attempt to do it and have ulti- mately to stop you will be denounced as a traitor to its principles, and fall far below what you would have beenWASHINGTON HUNT. OUTSIDE MEETINGS.fen Thousand People En Hasse—The Torch- li.'ht Procession—Delegations Present Iron Albany, Patcnon, Newark, Brooklyn, Jer-a', persona from abroad was first secured, ir, than, the that I have read of any country upon earth. Watt are Northern brethren to rally under a common staadard for sey City and Elsewhere—The "Hlntitej!' • iimnenl could not have been constructed with a dts- the principles of that party They say tua; they desire Its protection and defence. (Creat applause). To i :.i t undt retai.il: g at the time that its policy was to be to prevent slavery going into the Territories, that that is do this you must crush out sectionalism. d i -ected against «Uv, ry, is it not both nnconnti .utioual and the only distinctive feature they have got—that It is the North aad South, banish disturbing attractions anderadicate tbat ina.ii'iiion in to A States;- Why not forth- if you had never united yourself to it." I regret thatlor disunion wtl! have been ttken. 1 appeal to all the lovers of the Union, no matter what their past parties ties may have been, to unite for the purpose of preventing such a calamity (Enthusiastic applause). I am for the Uaion, (renewed applause) and it is because I am for it that I hove pointed oat some ol ths dangers by which wewith cut off a I furttar supply of slaves fiom abroad 8o these conservative men in different portions of the coun-rtootate were th« iremars of the oontlitation upon this try have felt inclined to unite, trom one course or an are surrounded. If I have one feeling dearer to me than i»> at that the puwor to regulate comneroe by a bare otlior, with a party that I conscientiously believe to be ail i) hers it is that this Uuion may be perpetual. The n.-. «».-iiy v ** ol the two bouses of Congress was not the meet dangerous party thai ever arose in this govern whole people of Kentucky cherish towards it an abiding (t u.teu uufl that clause ia ruferenoe to the importation mem, or any other government, according to any history 1>ve, an unfaltering devotion, and they appeal to theirinn, VTL. YfLrr was the next speaker. He we* greetedat the outset with great enthusiasm. Ho spoke in the (Voices*—< We will," "We wiH." "Go i t " ) Tbat, fal-beginning of the to'lacy or the policy which the repubti can party pursued in alwtys agitating the question of the etema' nigger. 1or htmseh*he had nothing to say about that matter further than that it was beueaeh cosamon sense, common decency and men o intellect to discuss the niieinOle question of wha» shai! be dona with a fewf-toutheru 8late«? The cunstitution provides for the re-preaet tation o; slaves as an elementary part of the macn.oe'v of ihe guvernmect; and it prohioits the self—agree 1 tbat slavery ou^ht to go where it is profit- ever et it will go down in blood, and there will be no tbe square around Cooper Institute was positively be for all inteiiligent mea rather to say whot shad he done r tin,/ off a stitl larger supply of slaves from able, but not to the cold and frozen regions of the North, morning to ihe dark night of anarchy and despotism Wildering. At an early hour two sharp tongued cannon with oi r common couat-y^ It was now ia peril in conse- Afr o* for tweuy years. H>w, then, can it be where every Southern man knows it cannot go. Mr. which will ensue It is in your power to avert this quence of the spread of republican principles. It was a.-.- i ted mat ih.s is an anil slavery government in its na- Seward,in th-Senate cf the I'mted States, said that the calamity. lot the friend? ol the Ualou unite, wit,h a commenced their reverberating invitations to the city through tbe democrat'c party, euder the lead of Jetlersoalow citizens, is tbe land of tbe free and tbe bom* of th* brave. ("It Is," yelled a crowd of juveniles, wbo werecrowded around tbe stand. Another young democrat in- informed tbe speaker that the nether portion of rn outer garment was risible, or in democratic phraseokgy, "Toe tali of your shirt is out " Another called out for * Turee cheers for the Little Giant," which were given with great enthusiasm. Still another free American ciU- v*n requested tbe eloquent Champion of demrcrntic prid clples to "dry up," while another generous democrat invited htm to take another drink.Fellow citizen*, continued tbe orator, after partial silence war restored. 1come here to night to address you in a* half of Union aad victory, in behalf of everything tbat ianiocravr in behalf of everything that was opposed to I ncoln, Ltncolntatn, aad every other d——d iam. ("Oood fellow,'- "Speak to us about whisky, "Can't you be aisy." "Go in, rail «plitter," were some of the brief speeches of tbe populace, which, of course, with tbe constant botming of the cannon, the constant arrival of ward clubs, and tbe yelling and cheering of the promis- cuous assemblage, rendered it Impossible for tbe speaker to procee 1.) Tbe confusion was so great tbat he could cot proceed for several minutes. At intervals he would say 'Fellow citizens," but the democracy would not let him goany further. He made a last desperate ef- fort to be beard, by appealing to bis fellow citizens to lend him their ears. ("No we woa't,"a tyrant breach uf good faith to setse the departments of t^at government—a government common U ail the Matt*—and turn them against that system of labor to tneone idea 8ome of them say that but one gentleman who adhet- to the constitution as it was made by onr fathers.came into Indiana, to the borders of Kentucky to answer It seems to me that a voice is now arising from everya speech I had made there, attempting to portray batte field of liberty, invoking us to unite to preservethe dangers of sectionalism, agreed, so I was uaimpatred the glorious heritage which has been trans-told by a geutleman present I did not hear him mv mitted to us I believe if i.he sun of this Union should If the scene on the inside was exciting, thtt without In n.ggers (Cries of 'That's so' sail cheers ) P.ct it wastram ug tlieir own domestic institution)? Con hostility trade, and import more slaves to carry there. Now is (Cheering ar,d applause > Let tht<-> > hear aloft tbe ban- tbtt seemed to foreshadow the grandeur of the o< sationtbe e any probability of that? I tell yon—and I am from ter inscribed with your motto, 'l nion for the sake of that was to follow. Four stands had been erected iu dlf-t u »vet> , upon thu ground of it* beiug a moral wrong, aa Mr. Seward oasem it to be, authorize a statesman to > ii eel the energies of a common government against it,a Southern State, one called a Southern State, from asiavebold.ng State—that among all my acquaintancethroughout the entiie South, there are nine men in everyten—aye, niuety nine .a every ore hundred—who are opII Is not thu a dit act appeal to the higher law.' ait posed to reopening the African slave trade, (loud ap- load calls tor " Brady, "Cochrane" and " Van Buren."wb u the uocstilutiou not only coolers DO sutli power, bin when its pruvisiocs actually are mode to perpetual*At the conclusion of Gov. Morehead's speech there w»r*that the South aaks U thu the constitution be upheld: plause.) Now, it that is their object, if that portrayed The Chairman introduced Mr John S. Holmes, of Boston, pious application? of liquid tar, biased high and merrily fh<- Ueaianos uoih.iig but that the gorsrnment ae'ad- really and truly the principles of this rt publican party, saying that if they had patience, Mr. Ctochrone, Mr. Brady an every side. Until about nine o'clock, however, owingn. _ jt^-ri-d in Ibe spirit <rf that insvrumenl. H->t enemies if they desired only to save northern Territory wbere and ethers would speak; but be felt assured they would»r-- the ei.«mius of the consiuulion, and they can roach slavery conn >t go, then sectional as that party is, inju- give precedence to the stranger, and receive Mr. Holmei to a delay in the organization of the general meeting, nob -r iQatituti'jiK only by trampling that utider loot. Sne rious as it would be from its very sectional character, with a heart- welcome, at be deserved. Mr. Holmes then attempt was made to organise the crowd outside, but ino«i a sot envy the prosperity of the North. She rejoices u,ti.e mc/easing wetlih and poeor of a ktndrod people; shew: taess*ayour rapid ad vaaoemeat, your wonderful gro w th,w:th j u t pride, and «be bids you go on in your course olthere would still be not so much evil it Bat look at tbe doctrines and principles openly and unhlvshingly pro canned by the leading spirits of thai party—tbe higher law as a rule of actio*, to tbe proclamation mode by tbeaddressed the meeting at length, and was followed by Messrs John Cochrane, and Wright, of Missouri.Wben Mr. Wright had concluded, there were several calls for -Brady;" but while the question of a selectiontbe meantime tbe boys took possession of the platforms, and the spectators were regaled with a series or per- formances such as might have been expected from euthu-Beyond all question, fellow citizen*, the Americanpeople have devolved upon them, at each recurring Presi- shouted an indignant democrat. Loud calls were madenuacsion and clvuiwukm; she SMS your splendid cities Viesldeuitol candidate of this par.y " that a hou-s divid- from among several gentlemen who were prepared tu elastic specimens of Young America. Impromptu meet-dential election, political duties more dignified and morecompl'rated than have ever before been imposed upoa thepeople of any aat.oc To the people, under the forms ofoar national constitution, are submitted questions whichrelate to the welfare and destiny of a republic whoseterritory! extent equal- that of the largest empire*, whoserapidly.iacreasing population—now thirty three millions— Mr l-lynnwas briefly addressing tbe turbu'ept crowd, extends to its remotest boundaries, within which bounda- rcitated calla were made for Brady. One democrat obu:tu hearty satisfaction,and glories in your commerce, wn.ch b**rs the Hag ol the republic to tbe remotest seas or .be globe, she Mooateot wita her own lot; she asks no swcinl legis!a;ion fur ber benefit, ail that she demands ised aga.ns t iti-elf cannot stand, that we must have all free or ah slave states"'—to the irrepressible conflict—to the more recent proclamations of tbe mode ia which the war is to ot carried on against slavery—the disbanding of tbe army and navy, because they might be used in suppress•iieal: was as yet undecided, Mr. Balsey, withtsteato nan eriort, announced that the ciubbtste outside were waiting for them to toin in the procession, and as the eight was far advanced, and he was in favor of acceding to the outside pressure, he moved that the meeting ad-ings were called to order, lilllputlan resolutions were im- provised and adopted, and speeches made as pregnant With the constitution, Union, niggers, Abe Lincoln, aad split rails, as if they really stood ia calf skin boots aad hroadcloih suits, instead of being barefoot raga- t c has with their shirt tails hanging on the outer walls.for "Brady." The crowd was now getting impatient, ai d as tbey bit 1 exhausted tbe Tombs advocate.ad.il participation in the benefits o! a oomm nn govern-meat, a full recognition of her rights, and a ciear vinli- | i;-g civil war aad rebellion'caused by rails into the Blavo jou. a. The motion was carried, and the immense gatherMr. JOHNT o'Fnarv came forward and asked for three cheers tor the Union. nothing but the Union. He west ia f< r equality and justice, but excused himself from speak- ing, hoping they would take the will for tbe deed. While, boMing State-. similar to thej of John Br own into Vlrgi ing quickly abandoned tbe building.ried out a jc'.at resolution with the crowd below to k^p ha.i never till no* tnreatuned to t*ie control of iht> I hare on interest in every part of this great confederacy form aow never before urged iu any Presiden.ial election up a continual jollification Alderman Cornell wa?suppose the rvpu.-ttcan party .n power, and iu ixossession o: e section and that against the other. It bad beent rumint. If lb ey come in to power it * ill be the ha- f'.:tiu.goitheend,thisgorarumoutcauuol be auai.iis teie I u,ion that pla-i The day that Wiloeamrs 11M? elec- i.. a of Jtr. L.bcoln, Tthat calamity .» to b« risitei loon us. *•;.; witness a convulsion which shakes the institu- te ns of this country to their deepest foundations. (Tre. niriujus enthusiasm / i'uolu coufidence will exp.ic—st'KxS w l i g o dowu—property of tier? description 'ail s.idi'enly in value—commerce will feel tne shock as if aEach part and section is parcel ol this repubi.e, and I am,andV,M;areall itacttizens. Thewholeof it,Northand , S..nth, Uoat and Wert is our country, naring the same ' federal constitution, and bound together by that gloriousUnion, wlitcb you have come here to-nigut t&rescue fromthe hands of those who are fast hurrying it to destruction ! Bow different the reeling now from what it wa- wben j the form of government under which we live wa; first or- ! ganized The total absence of that revolutionary mad-The grf&t doctrine upon which the republican party staads at this mcnient before the country —'hai to whio all others are subordinate, and to which all others toad-taught to hire (the speaker) that poiitical organizations, traded by military lieutenants, were coequ il with the political organizations of France, wnich were organized to suppress the legal ru'hority of the empire for the p> rpose o" carrying their ends. The Wide Awakes iastorm hod swept tne sea and rent the sails o; mighty nt -- and wild intoxication which overturn and pro- irate st; pa— ,ind this grand republican system—this glorious , in toe du.-i all she tlenient- of social organization left ourcji'ederecy of free and powerful States, seated in frieudiy , conntry after tlo* close of the revolutionary war ia a concommenced with an allusion 10 the fact that seventy»hl*e years ago tbat day the constitution of the United hun.iliatinp and oppressive. 3u'. it miy be said that than Lincoln, whether it be Douglas the sta'tesmaa, the Stages was adopted. Till then no government on earth tilt? roaD-festo of their intention to euforce tho prohibi noble and gifted Breckinridge or the gal'ant and tned gu*raDteed liberty to man for eulighteoed Inglaad on noli oi elav. ry in tbe Te'riiorie* is merely intended for statesman John Bell Eugene O'Sulllvan. David Smith pr*t-ed eren her own subjects lo the colon es. At the political e-Hect, and will uot be male a part oi their policv Ceeerai Lloyd and Dr. Bradley made bner and stirring voire of the country the friends of the constitution met whin to power. If that is tbttr intetitioru hotest matt ss*?ebe*> all adv icaticg the union of patriot* to defeat there on this occasion, under circumstances of momentous should not aiu them In tbe oor.tenplated fraud Bat whataltianoe upon a continent over which the gorgeous eusiga d.iion peculiarly prepared to build up that system ol goof tbe republic streams to day . the symbol of peoc<!, j vi -:. a.eat which wa- be t calculated to promote the hap is one, thereiore, to be resisted and defeated, no* andtie election of the Bectional candidate, Abraaam Ltacoia-of union, and of strength, will rock as under ' ptut sand prosperiiy of thepeop'e who were to live undertbe ihrues of on earthquake. The mariner cm diicover . it There ws- then no appeal by artful and de-igaing de w tb his practiced eye the signs of the riling tempest, i magog;;es, to fanatical prejudice-, to array one section ofs a l even far tu upon the land a bird is sometimes seen tbe country agaiart another—uo more geographical par- ily tag before the fury of the coming atonn, whica threat- . tie; to agitate and coovulse the nation, no Utopianens to sweep its billowy home, and I do not Joint that \ scheme of vt- loaary enthusiasts to captivate the fanoy.men of experience, sweeping the bonarm with their \ The convention which framed our con-titution met in theglasses, begin even now to rend the signs of danger in tome irue spirit of compromise, with the determination to makeot those aspects which the times disclose to lae.r v,e«r. a more perfect union than exited under the ariicles ofwtvte they escape the observation of a casual observer confederation. Slavery, whea we became an in- I have always been for tbe I'ukon—I am for the | depeodant nation, existed in all the State*. WhenI. u:i o to day; but the best friends of the Union may be our present cotLUtiujion was formed, it existed ( 1n every State but one. The Union was malednveo from hli post by the fury ot a rusuiiess tempest. , wtb reference to the then existing state of things. Oeotlemen. let me see you arise like one mau and . Slavery pre existed and no jurisdiction was delegated overbest government that had ever existed upon earth and attempt to enforce such a law. and .adeea make an(Cheers, and e r i « of '• That's BO ") Thtre never was an ajigres'tve war upon tne insiitut: ,n or slavery'' Abra-exigency when so many cttixeus had a«s-»i ihled together ham Lincoln, the republican canditate tor President, bosin Few Yo'-i; to show their devotion to the r nioa (Rj dec arod that "this Union cannot he perpetuated one hai n atbers of jidirlduais in the earn • strain as those above neaed obee-s— A voice: "We're all here ' ) Some might slave arid one halt free " He has repeatedly «rowed h'.moverwhelmed, as a faithful h;lm*.rwu is sometimes ,the Union," and march in one unbroken column to battle and to victory (Loud and continued applause.)ftrent localities for the benefit of both speakers and hear- ers who had been unable to obtain a foothold in the grand meeting In the Institute, while bonfires, animated by cocation of her honor. (Loud applause.) Wronged, de-graded, excluded from the full beaetlt of berown government, she will never consent to be,•or will she suutr her Institutions to be, broughtunder the ban of that government. Wheu we surveythe wide picture ol national power aad glory andhappiness that spreads out before us, we can Hardly rep-ess our in igaatiou against those wild and wicked agitalors who seek to destroy it. and we .exclaim in inelanguage of Milton s nervous auu earuest prayer agiinstthe eaemie« of Hie people of Englaud, • I.-.ave us J"H aprey to these importunate wolves, tbat wait and tniuklong till they devour thy tender Uosks; thuee w i l l a>jarsthat have broken into thy vineyard, and left tie prut ofibesr polluting boors on the souls of thy servants ' 0, letlh< m not bring about their wicked designs, t'JSt standnow at the entrance of the boilom'esa pit, cspecttagin" watchword li open and let out thiseoreadlul locusts and soorpious, to rtinrolvc us j wished an army or navy for fi.it purpose, and unite against a party which seeks to sei.'-< the shadow of arms of c irio-u* motbe-s, the s t s s h of skyro kets, tin thiDg which might interfere with that institution And in that pitchy cloud of infernal darkness, viaere we It is tbe saddest mistake he ever made, if the distinguish power, and to lose with it whatever could make that echoes of the iistant multitude, the tinkling of the the national government was formed ia the confidence] !n a. and because the South has an extended and unprotec-ted coast, where alone the army and navy would be ne THE I.KTTKKS.(vssary, in case we should provoke a foreign enemy to The following letters were rejeived from geatiemea Several times these miscellaneous and villainous sur r-.cs are thirty-three States, with their attributes of aover- inquired another while Mr. Flynn was speaking. "Keep» ar i'aese are some of the principles which a conserva u ho, heartily concurring in the movement, were unab'.e foundings were drives heller skelter from their {xositiouEr rve i that he was sick. " Wnat is that brother's nam-.--" eigaty. and yet connected with, limited by, and forming silence, boy?,' countelled a portion of the multitudelive republican will have to embrase or in the end be con- s.dereu a traitor lo his party. In the meantime, aliena- tion of fteling must increase between the two soctioos, succeeded in the end byto uttend —L> the thick smoke of the burning tar, which at times eaveioped tbe entire phve as with a black fog. but asa part of, a grand national government It it A young man named Gwntagt. of tbe Ninth ward, wa*the next speaker He remarked that the occasion which brought them together was one fraught with immense con 8-quences to this glorious Union Many discordant elements which heretofore separated were now brougnt together for the purpose of stamping—(A Y oice—'Of electing foouglas ")—with their presence and with their vc tee in next November, the fanaticism whi oh had sprung t-p IDthe country, and which bid fair, if carried oat suc- cessfully, to divide this glorious fabric of oar libertid*. (Tbree cheers were proposed tor Bell, which tbe crowdre'ttsed to give ) The speaker felt confident that in No- vember the conservative sentiment which prevailed throughout the length and breadth of tbe land would be equal to the emergencv in which they were placed.Human elitirenature isUiiow Ciiizxxs—I regret exceedingly that an .liness, which incapacitates me for making a journey, prevents try acceptance of your invitation to be present and to speak at the mass meeting in Xew York. No American citizen can feel more deeply than myself the unexampled interest of the questions to :>e settled by the coming elecSouth thefeels lawbitter and hostile feelAltogether the picture was entirely beyond de'ineation. Ibe immense crowd of tea or tvelve "thousand oeoo'.e. scattered through tbe square. Illuminate! by tbe i! cker iaf of bon fires and drutnmood lights, the brilliant ^ets ofirrrxr. raom i.ro.«;x irjrr.BOSTON, Sept 14,1860.Often, until tbe dying out of the fiat.ies, d.d ti ey retc.rr.to etijey thea.using -cenes to whkh the young 'rag--:, tags and mbert tot)3" gave s o i . . u h testwith questions relating to this national govern- ment that our Presidential elections have concern. Un- der our national constitution the people or tbe States nave reserved to themselves and the States iu which they live the exclusive and undisturbed control over certain iate rests, and more especially their domestic institutions. Fe low citizens, among those domestic institutions there was not one which our fathers were more anxious toir 2 rTheequa'.jiv istbat they cave certoia constttulioua! rights, tion, the great importance of your own animated efforts flame from tbe blue lights, tbe booming guns, the atraos guard sgtlast th-; interference of the uattoual government which with or without an a-m7 and navy, they for the true cause, and the ueceteities incumbent upon phere heavy with smoke, the dancing torches, the shouts than tbe Institution of slavery. The people of the extreme will protect and defend. They nave never aaxed or men of patriotic sentiments ami wishes unhesitatingly to of ii en and boys, the screams of infantile calliopes in the southern colonies were particulary sensitive as to auy-the asofsame every wher. one man, that their existence'—shall never more see the sun of thy truth again, never - ed t'tntlemau who ha.- promulgated this Iim; or republi- power useful to tnemselves or to the country. It is im passing car bell*, the hurrahs of new comers, the epithetsbo|>« for the cheerful dawn, never more hear the birds of ( can policy, supposes, as he seems to do, that it can in any possible to mistake ihe practical results which would fol- and Imprecations or the crowd, and the music of bands, that bcth In it? letter and spi-it the constitutional com- (That's so: "You are played out") He hoped theymorning sing!" (I.md sod repeated applause) i degree eflrct the tenure of Southern property. (Apptatte). low upori tbe triumph of the republican party. The idea mangled in dire confusion, made up a scene of discord This Is a grand struggle between natioaaJisai and i But it i* lamentable evidence of the deep, and fired, and of distiti.cn is one which presents itself only vaguely ti which it is impossible to portray.pact would be observed in favor of even the weakest Southern State, without reference to the preponde ranee m population, however immense, of other States. Among the guarantees for the preservation of the people of tb? several States against the power orwould defeat the black republican candtdate, and it was tbelr duty to do all they conld to beat the factious, demo- cratic geographical party which placed the country ia such danger He remarked thkt if tbey were to judge of bitck republican legislation by its doings in this State, tbe reealt In a national point of view would be d.sastroo*. (A Yoice—The treaaury would be empty) Thi-y must elect conseavative men to places of power— those who would look after the best interests of the people. If they did that tbe requium of black republi- canism would *>e sung in November it would die a pre matore death, and aink back Into tbat merited oblivion from whence it sprung, unwept, uahonored aad unsungsectionalism. The very existence of the L'u.on is determined hostility, of the great leader and organ of involved in it. men of extreme opinkme sees: to grasp this party, that he should boldly proclaim as republican tbe reins of government, and if they succeei tney j policy, that the army and navy should be abolished, be-will plunge the country into irretrievable ruin toey cause tbey might be emo.oyed in preventtag free negroinconsiderate minds. They do not see how it can bo At nine o'clock deleg&tloas from various wards, bearing brought about, and too often reject the thought, without banners, mot'oes, and turning out strong with the bonemust be pnt down. National men—statesmen— who suadby the constiiutiuh and love tbe Union, au 1 iesire to seatne laws enforced, the ; must be sustained, and li theirhauls wo must commit the government. Rash mea ofsectional views cannot govern this groat country, i p - rrains into slave state-, to commit murder and arson, and excite servile insurrection and civil war. It i* still more Ian, • ;itable that he should wish to aboli-b taose arms of national defence, because in his opinion the Norm could defend itself without their aid, and according to him Iheparty, selfishly refused to give any consideration to conBtqr.ences likely to l i w from their own conduct. Othersresent the suggestion ts if t'.ie South were t»> contemplatesecession, simply because of the election of a NirtheraPresident—forgeltirg that this is but an inlicttion aa 1inciJent of the time tai:en by the great contest; that tn? EGBERT L. VKLIB, HON. JOHN C0CHRi.sK AND South made no objection to Adams or Van Burea, to Birwhose decisions were tc be final upon all iiue-tious m a t -ing to the constitutional rights of the people and theStates Unhappily for us, my fellow cltizeas, their fra-ternal rights, whica our f .there supposed tbey had so wellguarded, are new endangered. A powerful party hasarisen in the Northern States tbat threatens to sfci/.e upontae national government, and use ail .is lunctions Withoutregard to the de itsioas ol the Sapreme Court of theI nited States, for tbe purpose cf attacking aa1 destroy-;ug the institution of slavery—ar. mstitut.on ex.sl'.ag infifteen State*, of this Union, essentii' t > an industry whichexportsfcU-tiuallya product sevu'a! aindrt-u mil iocs of they had congrezated upon the anniversary of I'o'.lars in va'ue—au institution wh.ch Inks with itselfreel ..lustration of what would fol ow is found in the c as Sou lb aioae has an extended defenceless coast, and it is sic*. Fh.» lou desired out for ooa d»y to drive tile cba too costly for the North to contribute to its defence. ITHE EASTERN ST AND.SFfECHKS OF gX-JVDOB THOMPSON. NKLSON SHfTH,risen or Fillmore or Pierce; and that it accepts now with the wild steei's flew from their aooutiomod t.-ac< Toe our-, was part and parcel of this general govern satiefactien and enthusiasm the name of a Northern canriot of the Sun. he seized th ^ reins—n nis fee-j'.e i%u<U had the tight that every portion of this vast country ofThree c h e e t were again proposed for l«ouglas, and the air was real with roc.ds of cheers for the -'Little Giant "universe was threatened with destruetiou, and 30t uatii a meat. Tbat the 1'ederal Constitution extended its boit Sew from the uplifted ha id of Jupiter, hnriiu^ tbe protecting .'.gisover all alike, and that a bio w struck impetuou! driver from his seat, couid order be r^tore.i against the weakest a*nd most defenceless section, was a to nature. Bet.er far to kdep rash, sectional, imcom./rt , I 'ow against the majesty and sovereignty of the whole teti mtn out of ihe seat of i>o* r iu>a r.si the us&most unlikely person in the event of the defeat of theRepublicans to fill the Presidential chair. 1shall notdwell upon the possible progress or details of events sodisastrous us thi -e which could scarcely fail to ensue upon of Third avenue and Eighth street, at the eastern corner tbe election or a merely, indisputably, literally sectional of the Institute. Tbe boys who were holding a juvenile aomirii-.tration Nu questim. could be presented to theJOBS A. Gov*e.j..r, of California, was introduced, ant bad it not been lor the confiision that prevailed ne wouil have made an eloquent speech He observed thatto-m. and bearing vtri colored torches and banners with givethreeheartycheersforournobleunion,(rhewhole'ittothegeneralgovernment.ItwaslefttotheState*tooclatetbenicepaintsofpartyassociationorobliga-Mamkoftofrepublicanism.(Gheers,andcriesof-giod'*)tyistouse,withinthelimitsoftheconstItution,thena alltortsofrannjandpatrioticdesign*,weremass here rose with a common impulse and cheer- ed right lustily ) Let us put down uow, and forever, sectional men; they e\ult in the hoo* of victor. , they spread their fierce legions all about us, as Leslie's army shut in Cromwell, let us,Idte that grand old Christian soldier, rue in <> irtmpetuooa strength and aut their lines to pic-** i n e .I ni on must be preserved, glorious oVeots lie before its,do with it whatever they taw proper. Tne N'ortijeru tion to roc r to post .ssuet or polirv, or to keep up tho For Lincoln and Hamlin were the sectional candidates ofStates abolished it w.lhia their limits, hut the African lormi or the mi libera of ihis party or that Our bustnesa a sectional party Not a Southern Slate was properlr ; slave trade was continued by conttttuttoaal saactioa un is to *ave our country from calamities, which we represented in the Chicago Convention which nominatedtlonal government for the destruction of slavery. And who is tc lefine those constitutional Limits? He'aad hit rwiy deny ttie authority of the Supreme Court What,present from A'banv, Patterson Newark, Trenton, Brooklyn. Jersey City,* Hobokeo. be-idee the large out poui ing from tbe city itself; and between the cheers of tbe tbro'eg tad the flashing of fireworks, the ent.re route of the procesBio ; was marked by a brilliancy andr»tiius a-tn that has not b n -arpassed in thi- citj oa ar.y-im'ar occs-ion The proceedli:?s in b»tbthebali auad the s-ioare did not terminate until a late boar.THE BROOKLYN AND NEW JERSEY DELE- CATIONS,.bout r..n. o'ciock last night a delegatian from oat of tbe Be: 4.nd Everett club* of Brooklyn was seen ad vase ing up Fulton street from the direction of the ferry, preceded Lytwagon,fromwhichRoma*candleswereincessantly <;;sci*rged Theadvaucod guard consisted of young me*, nre*?ed »s white cap-* and caps of some glased material, an a bear.ag long wh te staves, at tbe top of which blazed b>.it-shaped lanterns of colored glass. Tbey were 'ollowc-dbyanumberofotherpersons,car ry aa tamb^.ti of tirred rope, which three aradd-. glare on the bulldin.'t on either aide of their route.' The procession passed opposit* the Hmuau) of rice, and gave three cheers for the establishment, after which it proceeded towards Broadway. On reaching the corner it was met by another precession, more gorgeous still. eonsist-.ng o*: delegates from Jersey City. Newarktil the year it)*:*- Some of the slaveholding States were believe to be impeodinr through- the selfish ambi thean Thepoltry of a sound const! tut to a is that all sec tbeti, but" the limitations fixed by their own will -o; posed to tue extension of it, to that period Virginia, tuoL orri ekless iauaiicism of noon uho have got admission tions should be fairly represented io conventions, and ret tartxu.arly. voted to limit It to the year 1300, bui Sew to the public ar, only to a'ouse it. We who detest their the farce of this republican convention rtcer.tiy conver.-vl Hampshire, Massachusetts aad Connecticut were for ex. d-ctnnrs and ste their fatal ooisequeucet to us aud to at Chicago, was a direct violation of that acaaowlt-dged tenc ng ,t to the longest period. The monopoly of the all, hav, in,, power, by th • -imple aud peac fui . xpres principle. The principles of the republican party wire shipping interest was in the North. They imported tha sfons of our wishes and determination, to render thoseBut tbat there may be no mistake as to the nature of this coatost, the campaign documents, these expositors of part} opinions, are -'Helper's Impenditg Crisis," and Sumner's aad l.oveoy s speeches. Millions of copies of these documents are circulated by the managers of the republican party Tbe speeches of Governor Seward, thatoxir destiny as a nation is not yet fulfilled (Load appta use.)Meitco.Cuba—-those g>eat problems—can oulv be salved ; -'.av-s. and their o*a slavts, or many of them, and those miscbevous doctrines po* rless for gen. ral and perma-repugnant to a large majority of trie Ame;-ican people.Why, they conld not send their orators South. An.i ifwitch they imported hove found their way to the South, nent evil, both, aow and forever. And the time is now to they_could not even discuss their obtusions pr nciple. at are now being delivered, are spreed over the countryby us. Karope is just now rising under tbe inspirit-ing teaching of our example. Lai us accomplishtbe grand and beneficent objects of our destiny a« anot.ua. Upon yon, gentlemen of the State of New Yorx,depends everything at this crisis, do not be dismayed bytbe magnitude of the task which lies before vou think ofjourvaststrength;tbiukofthegk.rywhichwillcrownyou f, meeting the surging billows wnich have just brokenover the State of waiae, you say to th*m " Thus 'ar seeks to obtain the reins of government for the city and Suite, and pr»y r0r such a firm league of defence siatr act of 1860, '* repugnant to the constttutior . to 'he' where tbe climate it more congenial to their nature, and do it or nevermore. We trifle with our good sense and the South, what would the Southern people do if they through all the avenues of publication—spteche* filled •where their labor is more profitable. They aided directly rational judgment, when we neglect to use the proper were put into practice'- (Vo'res—"p0t them down'") with sentiment* that, to have been imputed to a public tod actively tn swell tag the tide of our slave population noea- a Believe me, there is not a sincere well wisU-r to What Hue cf policy would the republican candidates our man would have once been considered Slanderous. And now that it has become interwoven with every fibre sue ir they should be elctteai- First, thev wo.id iepialof our political fabric, the government itself or B.oc Ly the fugitive B'ove law. Thi» was clearly -ud K-leratogtheAfricanslavetradefortwenty-years-Jfc^a?\?L'"Xf*taottifhtBe>'e"Wtoimlyuponyourratedbytherepublicsiutheirplatform-Mrintheir to increase it ia our midst, this Republican party r deejaratton or princ. pies tbey assert that "the furtiveWhen but now, when the minds of the people of the North are suttered to be tilled with hostility against the South,wouldanAmericanSenator,astatesman c'aiming for himself as his sp-^citl right tee chiefsole and avowed purpose of arraying it in an attitude of and oilence among union men, forgetting mrtv as ahall principles of the common law, to the spirit of CUr;sti»u'- magistracy of the American republic, have dared shall thou come, and no farther, and here shall thy proud bostttttty agaiist the very property which for twenty make the union of the States, aad with K e * future ty,*jj'i to the sentiment? of theelviM/ed world We to ac vocal* the abolition of the army ana ' n e w be-waves be stayed." (Renewed applause.) it ts fears was thrown upon us under the soact.on of the glory and prosperity, at oue ureal Republic, secLire and glomustoseegreatstrenghdsplayidmthebe constitution,(applause.)Iaskifitisuaaatura.1ifperpct.ial,attbeythenwill\»illustrious.I'am,,«,"•,. Deoceot work <« taring, and not of destroying ' the South should feel deeply, and sometimes act aad men, very respectfully, your follow cittten,You can save a nation—yon can rescue the re- ' speak tmprt: Btty, under the influence of the mau;.est* „ UEORiiE I'NTcause of their aupport of a portion of the "sister State3ofthisUnion'Whowouldhavebelievedthai William H Seward, who has been loaded with honors by the people of the State or New York, would withdrawpcblc—yoo can cover yourae vee ail over with glory ;The Iaoedemooians stood at tbe pass of Thermoayi.- and.Uj i r ; , earned immortality; they perished becaoM they-were feeble they counted but hundreds against a host. from each other. Criminations and recrlminaticui inM tsrs E J BROWX, J. R. BAKU*, and others of tVCom-there.ore. deny its blading force upon the Americaupeofol' and demand its- immediate and total rep»al " Tnlsis the ground that the republicans take. Thev arraytheeosc-lves in direct locality to the laws of the land from this city, the metropolis of his native Slate and Aaf vou see that should they carry out this principle, ittion of such determiael and persistent hostility, t ne- cessarily and inevitably alienates the two great sectionstot i e * .country, the protection of tne American army aud navydenouncing these two great arm> of the public service,whose dee-is have made the name of American iliiistrioosand ho-iored throughout the world, as eorruptor-woajd be nothing more than an overt act or treason. (Otae-s ) The republican party, ehould they obta u tbe ascendancy ;n the government, would also sees to exclude*g-of eitSed aad bitter hostility must inevitably en- that tb* Committee of Arrangements bod select*d me M constitution, and no matter what the will of the people sue and if this state of things should continue long. God one or the speakers at the grand Uaion Mat* Meeting to iolanting the soil might be upon that ouestton. thus only knows how it will end. Wa«hington saw and felt be he d at the Cooper Institute, on Monday coat thelTth tbey set at nought the decision of the highest Judicial «Jh» aang*r to the perpetuity of oar inttitutio** of just instant has been received. Absence from the aty on tribunal in tbe country, and regard the Dred Scott decl-yesterday prevented at earlier reply. A severe catarrhal t.oa as nothing but a notion—a mere dogma aa they aoll»^»«lob *»f («*{a)B*om) I apssar before you tonight n HfcVthe l i r a bell of fir* ulSghi ^ C l l E ? * S , . ? " 'were so nearly balanced that three hundred negro voter*to an isvtlaatoa from the opponents of the that iaa'uguratlag a s*ctoo**li party JZSfthZE U^J8e of the r*p*Mtea* party, to oontribate my hnm- aiely weigh the » l m i a 4 r i J B « T w l J j ^ ^ A ^ « ^ ^should the republican party carry oat thee* ideat, rivtl the people, uncontrolled by political leaders, shall arrest war would inevitably ensue. (Cheert. a voice "theygave the law to tae people of our city. What an accet white staves, at the extremity of which *er*i S r t f e S M . Y * . when that warning comes to ust»ur*e, I con but express the strongest lesire of my heart rooa political hereay, at variance wtth the exploit nrovito leave no aoubt, this Praaidentiel canvasa, whenall tbe appliances of party are frit in theirtomb of the "Father of hit Country, we aretort^weceaaof tbe object of thisTmeeting. Itasemsto • l a p of that instrument ttaelf, with cotemporaneous ex- nv- if *h*re ever was a period in tbe h a W o f tha^iaiMsaeermglyaw that riu» •.-in »I.' . •"*• » U tw«**V . o " » ^ ^ ^utmost force. haa been selected to alter the constitution along Nassau atreet, when anotber procession, still mor*of the State of New York, and place, a* rotera, negroes brilliant and surrounded by * perfect blaze of py rotecnwd rood," a»4 applause.) Ithank God that KetwIWandtng afl tWsTand tiiks b*eSes* of i n * % ? , i will oe sealed, and at no very distant day w* shall far- tola power. (" (bat's ao.») Scmuer and Brown, aud t «*« **oete, with aspirate aad sivwreur* reason and the warning aad r*aK««t^o«a ofWoairiol aish another evidence in the history of republics "that Andrew, me candidate for Governor of Mossachusettsbe gathered In thit great metropolis to act in concert with whit* voters in tbe rural district*, whoa* philan- thropy;saorarelydisturbedbycontactwiththenegro.' ear ag at the extremit* of tber staves rubyeotored lanteras, tbe light from which prodaced a very beautito elect. CheeringtheHtannastbeypassed,the preUTTXR ritOM GKOKtil 8. CIAYT03.jjf* w«ttoBoJUain as is now arraying the free agjaiast the artoc.toa under which I am suffering tt present »moel* it, »hen they rurther declare "that the new dogma that thedVll~?,J*« *»**»•. *nd in that immortal farewell ad- me reluctantly to decline the honor coiuVrred on^c "ty coaa itut.on, of its own force, carriei alavery into any or«« 7aITiww^1 l*of •*•«*»«wof geo«rapo.ictl par- thecoramttee. Whilst indisposition fore** me to this ailef the territories of the United States ta a dange the republican party might be accumulated, ao atatked :f •oca maan insignificant matter when every patriot should respond cheerfully to the teat?. poattion, and with legislative and judicial precedent, -s msifUinoan* mailer revoiui o ary tn its tendency*, and subversive of theMen' Out In Full Force Immen-e Enthu- siasm Bell-, Boni.res, Blue Lights, Speeches, and Things Generally.examining its purport or relations. Those whose hopes and sinew of their respective localities, arrived on theand aspirations are implicated in the Buccjas of that gf*und. and meetings were then quickly organized me-e majorities, the Supreme Court was organized,©THEX*.When the process ioa of the Seventeenth Ward Demo- uidale for the Vice Presidency Mho 13 far from being the cratic Club, with torches and banners, arrived on thearo.iid the different stands.gtaucd, the leaders immediate^ proceeded to the spacious stand which had been previously erected at the j .cctioube ready to support tbe constitution and the rights of j in this great 1mpire citj, 1 ask you ir theren.teat corner The coiir e'f the conflict is not shaped by any pl.it- people around them with humorous and ludicrous exhib! lized commitnHie*. Not one o' you mistake the every State of the Union. All the opposing elements ofry, first announced by Abraban Urn >ln among the reyub Ex Judge fHoit'-soN, who wo- greeted with load ap- Suorf-mt Court' W«ald it be po-siblo to a\c:'. a coiiiion "the Northern country, organized by military leaders,betm-cL an excited peop'i and the forces of a President w *s a party set on foot to set] fire to the constitution andwr-o ,-i uut.t to enforce a law winch the highest octhoril the Union. He was ready to sacrifice his life his tortus*forever, by those who love the Uaioa and hope to main importance, to show their devotion to the greatest aad security have we tbat tbe repubiicaa party will not paastain it It is aot necessary to investigate thi means bywhich this last calamity which could bef/all this republicmight be put into auive operation. They might be immediate, or the state of open embitterment between theseveral factions might lead to violent outbr«aks at theSouth and the North, eading iu the regular array of armelfojets, and in a struggle fatal to tbe future welfare and It all who were present now were united in their opposition Self devoted to the caw,? of ami shivery. In a recent bertiesof the country. If they do not now, the time to Lincoln. (Cheeis.) Then wben this was tbe geeat speech at Springfield, tuinols, h? pcc'iitmed his devotion no.;et toon cone when men of oue mind must sttnd toge object they all had tn view, he appealed to each one of to the oause. William H Seward, tbe admitted leader tber, or see discord, and with it anarchy, lake the place them to see who could do the most towards rtefetttng the of the repubiicaa party, recently announced in the ctty of o. peaceml liberty I deem ii better to anticipate and election of Lincoln. (Cries of "We will ") .^ the Freoeb Boston, tbat Abraham Lincoln and bit-self were -sol.Iters prsvent, r.uher than wait the arrival or events, disgrace- and English soldiers took the Malakoff of P.m. tn the cause of the higher law and tbe irrepressible con- t.i. to the- age and tbe nation, and which, as yet are com- sia, so let the Bell and Douglas and Breccia flict between freedom aud slavery. William H Seward p.etely wihin our control. This is not the time to cal ndjje men resolve that thev will take the haa alaodsclori-d that the uiisaiou of :hc repuhiican par-licaj.8 and subsequently urged by Mr. Seward and others, plause by tbe large and enthu.-iastk- audience which h»d which puts tbat party in full concert with abolitionism. now assembled In front of and around tbe platrorru. • HeFor ihis irrepressible conflict can mean nothing else than actual hostility to slavery in the Siale? where it exists under the constitution It is, thetefore, a doctrine upon which slave States and free States couli have no triendly intercourse and no civil league with each other—and ous upon which the Union conld not stand tor a moment—todbad proa -uxiced .ucoastilutioniii, ojud wouoh Inc.. deemed and bis noeor to support the Union and asy man otherprefer Brec tlnridge or Bell, and gom» prefer Douglas; butit portedThe entire occasion was wound up by a grand torch - light procession, which was participated in by *om* six or e {at thousand, in and out of uniform, the route being around Cooper Institute dowu tbe Bowery, up Broome st-eet to Broadway, aad thence, to Uaion square wbere ft was dismissed Delegations of "minute men" wear.ngua.•swstfsowtouta*dabwanteequalityofrifhts. *»**.thisreptiNicaapartylaatOlbearingai*fVu?w manisIncapableoftelf-foreraMat.'' Thenationalten- oremenofthisstamp. Hence,heconcludedthotthe"I at all together ta per of t * c t ^ t e K a n i tn the saste of freedom, m the dency of ail parties it to extremes and hatred ot each election or Lincoln, should such a calamity as his elec- My fellow citizens, however it may be elsewhere the c-oetted toward* Broadway, up which they turned. andWear* one ia iote-est whut- oeoght t* tha contrary: one in «i-M*g. oa* ia laagwage, one—as say frtsoad hat -ta tsosgtartee* msstorWa of ta* past. Aad if --t willfully throw away the rtoast herttag* ever IIaamtlaiastaevi una inMFhmguage cf Mr Jetssnot, committing •» treason aca-no other, and tbe great danger of local and sectional parties tion befall the country,—irtt thouW not dismember thepeople of New York cannot be deceived aa to tbe char- acter of th* republican party. Here all disguises are thrown salde. It stands aa tbe uumtotakeable tacceaaor of the abolition aotietiea or 18£f, proclaiming intention* and opinions wbtoh Arthur Tappon and hat confederate*...ii. -. • ~.~.p-at**d through tbe Park, aa did the other bodies, to frost of .be City Hal', whence tbey turned up Broadway ago-a to the Cooper Jn?ti: ate.AU these bodlea were prafaaa^yjuiopliedjvHb boti*,ti*tteodofcontrolled motUy by aaimal passions aad impulses, isthe hopes of the world." On the other band extreme » desire to triumph over each other by physical coo confederac , would produce a shock upoa theUntitled DocumentTbat ; art., avows its determioatK to to act-a law by anact ot •orgress, and to enforce it whea enact* d, thats'ivt-ry sruii not cant in the Territories of the United men to defeat a party that sought to crush out the rightsor the pu'-dic virtue' And why thus denouncedWhat the inspiration of this Insult tc his chlval and Patereoa, who defiled down Fulton street, bearingric and brave countrymen, and this recommenda- parti colored lantern*, bell shaped, r'tmbeaux anl traat- tion to the Anerictn people, ao wild as to be conceived parencie*. with appropriate embiemt and .nscript.ous. or only as tbe emanation of an obscure and frea'lei indicative of a determination to uphold the demtgogue? Hatre. of tbe 8outh! And tbat the evi 1 a.on and to put down sectionalism and tanoticism. Tbe procession was s very long one, aud was attendedall along tbe route with a continual blase of fireworks They, too, cheered th* HEK»U> in paatuog, Scarcer-' had thi* delegation paaaed roand the cornerttonce aa to the intention oT tbe master spirit* ofslon to the republican party would be tb* suffragea of the the Inevitable bei! shaped, part: colored lanterns. Tbeparty, wbo went from village to village carrying tb* torch ready to burn the constitution to ashes (Voices— • They can t do it.") He called uoon.all I nioa lovingTHE OTHEB STANDS.A'. tba\two other stands speeches were also made by men in the South, In bad taste and worse policy, threaten •MC* Frenxy usurps tbe place of reason, and fanaticism from which tt would not speedily.to secede from the union aad precipitate a revolution These often repastid threat* have had no other effectcontrols the action of man. and law and order prettntbo barrier Whata*** In Ik* u - u n nltamaurt *# ik.i.wThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetFulton New York 13069-country. . mra ._ _a_a • -• — * * * perhaps never, re Would not bare larnrf tn ••!«»-ww.fultonhistory.comupon 