 *J.1;encounter very few people were wounded, and their wounds have proved very slight."the horeemen are awift, and there is still an hour's day- light, it will yet go hard with the stealers of mulea. The country ia swampy and broken by hedges, and theimembers have seats provided for thorn. At Gen. _. SI»AXISJI CAMP, OUTSIDE TETUIH.:GoyonT» reception, on the previous evening, only _, Picture toyoursel* ft uar.rov/ toniue;of hiahgi-ooad Iroaqne*, who are c4mped iieay th»- thor*, on the swampy Ibe'rfsuHof the B ^ k Court. Canudiana easy* FreaeuIi) .Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069••ithe same party were rearrested, or Borne say twoothers, and taken toward the Police-Office, r»earthe Piazza Colonna. Some of the populace now appetite, the conversation for the most part turning,The dates fron Canton are to Feb. 27. Gen. Mon- tauban, the F/enoh commander, had arrived at Hong; Kong, and S;r Hope Grant had also quitted Sngapore for Hcng Kong.i\ A"oi>l give jou grace to know aad lewaoiit botn tho actt'ithl* non-d end th« very ET!«VOU« ovlhi bnrojjht by jour ooCporatian oa this poor July. Ficm tfie Vatican, thiH Tob. 14, 10'lJ.though at wretchedly low pi ices, to the Je vta of Totuan, who, notwithstanding the joy they displayed at the en- tronce of the Spaniard*, l)H.ve not felt uallioierit gran- ttide to prevent them from making all the money they couldout.oftheirdeliverer!,andthegeneralfeelingin•»i»j"iin''MlI»l|HI)«Otll1 Ii.j^^a^^^i^iww^^ ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••l«>»^j-KvG'^ m*.m »-PARIS, March 6, I860.^His army is to be composed of whatever niateriat be can entice into his service. Irishmen are spoken of as likely to form a large proportion; then therefadly reed the drewer'a care. Its lower or foramost end is worn to tbe color, although, not to the smooth- ness,' of an English highroad on a dry dayv At about ICO yards from its extremity, and just ia front of a scanty aereen formed by four or nve dilapidated olive and fig treee, stands amarquee of moderate dimonmoUe, surmounted by two small flags ot tbe Spanish.colors, and flanked by a gray Vntry-box. Right aud left of tbis,tbe habitation of tbe Comoaander iu-CtuV , stand tbe teatsoftbeaides-de-camo,andfromthese,thereextends forward a- double line of tents, forming a broad street, and occupied by head-quarters' stbff, aud by the numer- ous officers and a few etvdiant attached thereto. Starting from the entrance of O'DonneH's tent you paes those of the chief of the staff, of tho commander of the escort, the governor of the camp, the coratraadaute- geseral of artillery and tngioeers, the post-oflis!©, the medical staff, &c , and you reach the extremity of the lifle plateau where it dips suddenly and rather pre-cipitously into the valley. From this point you have an extensive view in all directions. To your right rear Btaude the Alcazaba, -with tbe cemetery below it, the large white tombs of the Moors looking at a short—______•••- •-- EEjt^CR" sat Excommonieatioa »? last. Hotriage, nae declined the Office of Deputy to tbe Sar" daman Parliament, to which he was elected the otber day by bis fellow-citizens of Nice. ^Contradictory reports abound- as to the speedywithdrawal of the Prench garrison from Rome.The latest one.on the affirmatory side is that, underNapoleonic pressure, Cavour tas j*gr«d tjdo hisutmost to keep the peace, on conditionthat the sub-stitutedNeapolitantroopsshallbestrictly.unitedto the shameful policeman's r6le so long filled bythe French army of occupation—and that the Kingof Naples has accepted the condition. Nous verrons. LamorieieTe, a French exile, an Orleanist, wh»seprinces attendedVrt*i&^The only additional news -of the week is thatnsaetj-four pass* cargo. The Teen March. Tbe Kng spoken off Jserx* the freight murke* not equal to dtn Amot-ty Bay, doetJMARSKIJXK.%A brings no »vs from Gunwale di flap pressioD of tbe ir^ Letters, received royal troops at £ i themsf IvtB op in \A battalion of tb< audden assault on back with cossid< opened a bieach, eaulfc The in«wSeveral bands o in order to create in all direction?, of an insurrection jia» placed Palerr tbat * telegraphic of the 5th inst. aili 48icily have been t Palermo had not tLetters state th- wenae crowd. 80 Tolide at Naples,« tttiuzume'' beforeTbe streets were < DISTURBAHCJ.S ONT h e distcrbanf'. board tbe Edgar. Bear-Admiral A. the Channel Fleer, displayed signs of Monday, which wi day a portion of \ 1 ensued the usual T<.graceful occasioDf-. ing two marines, men, were sent on posed they will I Various rumors an d'sturbance axd e;< ordered to bank be: ' nic Majesty's eteac in readiness during, he Edgir, shouldBailway mark J Baleawere soon pr vance in bank rat« took place, the mo rise. AU the lea<erage one per ceinf<yIt is announced ball at Buckinghi: state bail will be -gThe Qaeen ia at •the troops.The colonial Pro -day after tht> hoiid in some instances iThe Spaniard, 2> -cent Milts Aeeizes 1fit Devizes. 'The death of \is The colonelcy ofof Col. Sir Thomas THEFrmThere appears t great ship will be lantic by the hitter. Works necessary t< and they are beixg JBdr. Scoct Kueeeli i with the soap, bis • even the intermiiia>t,:-*«€n the Comp stood, IK,C-» brouut all the parties ;:?*>< all matters in d ehortly be, agrt-jd necessary to be coc are mainiy those w by the Board of T nary certificate orr order that notbmj <3reat Eaetern as i in every departaeimachinery has bee the hull and iittiaf into by cmiijent eb.ox&min&tion has tx were all those des4 many pereons, fro with respect to thi_ tion m:«ie by-by the new Bo-r< -of the works, JncUisary and othcrb mtnts, will not e} have been taken storerooms on b< support the cargo for nunging tlie oc the sidtrs ot the co^ is the conttiucUvji crew, engineers, This has involved 2,500 tuns of coal get at the vf^rk. watertight doois wilt be utetul :oi afford facilities i>rin the " bunker-it is considere<3 -•towed away in tttiona arc also to masts, the india- replaced by born-In addition to U which the ship is two others oi un^ moderate-sized feet in length by which were unfinj are also to be CCJ planking of tho admitted on all worsmaDJsbip upojtho improvement small oetails rei^t and machinery.Tho Board ha^e| tbe late Direct- Ko appointment oJ made,hut the geu^ Vineball, Supermt ifaYigationCompaJNTERESTIXFrom Our Own CcrBIXNOJ The Governmejand peaceahly cl tires by the expi Santiago Deiqui place. ' The Vii Bomewhat kuowi Urquiza retires all the military change i« not oi President Den. to this piovinec.There is a npoh the comm€which were founj tended to hasU'Uj iuc<* aud the CotTheConventic Amendments ai *ut as they cam> ploucy of tim<for that time dition.The election . the 1st inst., ;m< There were tbii son of the outgj was, that out rrnrdo Berro reej elected: The li to securo tho eU the membert* of| stives.Old Spain hj countries, and for the-widows have fallen ia dollars. Simili taiso and etliorjThe idea of bracing tbe tbi •till prevails.Buenos Ayte< ahe has Jeased this nort and tl the disadvaiitngNothing new states withIS ' - W j n p - f e f b f f©*V Httmg a* Victor personally and by nam*, but a broad* le«*e,flabbyaffair,spreadinglikeablanketoverall _*oe© who bare directly or indirectly aided and mbetted in subtracting the Eomagna from Papal nil©. It is then as much to the address of the _?xen«harmy and i!».leader in the Ital an campaign a* te the Sardinian troops and monarch—to any joining of Lord John Russell, the rebellion* Ro-mjagno!voters, the editorial corpaofTnENEW-YORKTRIBUST:, and who sot: all reVolationuto and dta-terbeTs of use and wont are solidaires. So, if yonand whoever is driven by crime to seek forgiveness andablessing,willdoubtless,enterhispayifpos- sible!.French troops; and some think that his arrival here will be a causo of immediate trouble. The Italians want the Neapolitans to come for them, as they say they will know with whom they have to deal. Although the ceremony of exoommunicating Victor Emanuel has not yet aet the world a laugbr jpg, the preliminary Bull, casting-out him, his fam- ily and his adherents, is posted at the Police Office, S t Peter's, and two or three other public places,page of unquestionably sound theologians and monk- ish, historians. All of them are as manifestly ridiculous as the grotesque formula that was in- Tented and had been put to use by the Church gen- erations before Tristram Shandy was begotten. The joke of jokes, and highly appreciated here thi« *week, is that these once so terribly tragic perform-In the opening it is a vindication of the temporal power exercised by the Pope, how derived; of course from God; and how defended, of course by excommunications and each like. Having proved the divine origin of its authority,' it is prepared to use, in the second division, Paul's worda upon tiiis point of obedience, found in Romans, chap, xiii.,, first, sec-then there was a procession of young men of mixed orders and one of young maidens. All entered chanting, all with down-cast eyes, all knelt upon the pavement in silent prayer, while the mournful song of the evening vespers came from~a side chapel in long cadences to the ear like the moan of lost spirits. For once St. Peters seemed full. The processions stretched in long lines across the im- mense naive of tho church, while around them and among them, filling up all the interstices were groups of kneeling men, women, and children, with hands clasped and heads bent forward, toward themoved against the rioters, and that was enough to__-_-—» _____1fee! » crick in your back or a stitch in your aide, headed by Gen. Ortega, a young and, it'wouldbcbke it m the u cna» " a-working. W e are having seem, from the singular choosing of bis time, aand knots of priests and laymen may be seen tryingto construe the ponderous thrse-column Latin doc-ument. On every face not shaded by a pnestlybroad-brim I notice a smile, which the Pope woulddo well to consider. Some bulls it is not hard totake by the horns. , v . „ _ distance like a small town; between tbe fortress andideal of fun out of it here. A note in Sunday'sJnV*t&ur reminded newt paper folk of the organiclaw of the Concordat, which forbids the publicationbx print or pulpit of any Roman bull, brief, rescript,«ha. without pTevionsly obtained authorization from frather crack-brainedgentleman. S e was Governor of the Balearic Isles, and managed to; effect a land- ing on the Spanish coast with nearly the entire garrison of the islands. It is said that the troops, were ignorant of the plans of their leader. Govern- ment had wind of the movement some days before- hand, and sent Gen. Concha,former Captainr-GeneralAs more light is thrown upon the affair ot Mon- the city wall is a round gre^n tumulus, its fresh color day week, it appears more brutal and unprovoked. contrasting agreeably with the dazzling glare of Tet- A number, of gentlemen, who were at a dinner uan's homes.; Truly that city is as the whitenedof his recruits. There is much ground for belief in party rear the upper end of the Corso, were at- sepulchre of the Scriptures; from without, seen in the Bunlight, it is like enow or frosted silver; enter it, audGovernment. The consequence is,, that we don't of Cuba, to meet it.' The yesterday's dispatchesknow the text of the Excommunication. The ar- speak with confidence of its speedy suppression.rangement is a kindness to the Church on Napo- It is a quite prevalent notion here that the motive- leon's part, all its moderate members, and mosteven of the ultramontane partisans, desiring nothing Srings of this rash attempt to set the Count of so much as that the bull should sink again, as rap- ontemolin on the Spanish throne were set inidly and silently as possible, into the oblivion from motion in Paris. His partisans' hopes may have which iortonefli has dragged without reviving it. been naturally, if not designedly, stimulated by thegenerally believed that the Pope has something of his kind in view.through the street, and notoaly cut; down everyone the river, through a narrow ravine between the city who did not get out of the way, but knock with and the iaounta<£8, which thence stretch down to the their sabers on the closed doors and windows, cry- ea and form the feouthern boundary ot the valley.warmth of recent Ultramontane manifestations. ibonld fear the effects upon himself of the boltless TV ith different special ends in view, AntoneTli,From the same quarter I learn that the best ac- credited account of the origin and occasion of the attack is this: Trouble having been apprehended at the Porta Pia, the worst of the carabinieri were pre- pared for business by their superiors with drink at a public house in the vicinity; that when it appeared the demonstration was to be at the Corso these men were brought into a side street, where they waited for an excuse; that .such ex- cuse was at length furnished in tho follow- ing manner: Three or four young men, were in a grcup, smoking and talking, in the Piazza Sciarra, when several Carabinieri ordered them home. One asked " Why, what have we done 1" whereupon, two were arrested, but were subse- quently releflfeed at the instance of the French officers, one a colonel, who had witnessed the dis- creditable transaction. No eocner, however, wero these officers' backs turned than the young men ofw a s coincident with that jolly Emulphus's curse setdown in Tristram Shai dy. It has led, by the way, remember by his interesting works on China,to great demand and rapid sale of all the translated Thibet and Tartar}-, died hero within the week. copies of that humorous book. But the singular Less known abroad, but of very high and pure famethong is that it was nearly a week before the Ultra- in France, M. Bethmont, one of the most eminent mantagnard8 discovered this coincidence. Mean- advocates at the Paris bar, twice Minister under time, the circulation and reprinting, with comments, the Republic, deceased last Monday. His beetCalcutta news by telegraph is to the 16th of March. There ie nothing of importance. Outrages were beingeulogy would be the simple, list of names of those • French, version, annoyed them excessively. The who followed, his honored remains to the grave.Ho vou may easily suppose, on the, probability of a of " Governamento infame "—what an infamous speedy return to Spain. The veriest novice, Buddenlym three or four other newspapers, of the Steele'sdiscovery being made, Le Monde (this is the out- Along with the distinguished members of his pro-hissed and hooted, and there were cries, it is said,ward form and body of the late Vnivers, repudiated fession, among whom he had long held a foremost by Government permission on condition that Veuil- place, marched whatever time and proscriptionk>fc, its soul and spirit should be left out. They say have left m Paris of distinguished republicans, poetPorta Pia reserve was called in, at the French order, tbe fact that he lb rmoDg men who have gone through a hard campaign, t i t l e d aod threadbare uniforms,forts. The Court at Pektn was alarmed at the prepara- tions of the Allies.At Shanghae business was active, and trade wae un- interrupted at all the port*.*Four men-of-war left Shanghae on the IGib of Feb. for the northward, with sealed orders. Their depart- ure caused some uuoasineEs.Affairs at Japan continued very unsettled.Tuc Russian correspondent of Tlie London Tele* graph wnitCtbus:" At Moscow a ^bysicai phenomenon h^s been re- cently obaerved, each J*V-^-ould have given rise to tho creation of a whole cj clo oi fantastic myths in the times cf the world's infancy. We I-»«irn Iron a para- graph^ the leading paper of that city tuw*. ata quar- ter to 10 in the night of the lt>t aud 2d of *iu.^h, a star to the south- woet of tbe Great Bear sndderu/ commenced to wax larger, aesuming at the same timeLsmartlne and ouvrier Albert, from whose soundly conditions, he compared it to St..Denis still march- liberal principles his honest nature never somuch asFrench soldiers, to whom we, as Italians, owe grati- tude. , , :'•: "*• "For the present, tlsrefore, know how to observemoderation, and when the time shall come which calls to action, you can prove youroouiage. Whoever tries to precipitate the crisisby violent measures only assists the Government."Wise leaders, communication with the populace, and a people obedient to their leaders, and power reserved for determined action in the future, are what this little circular teaches us, and it is all ex- ceedingly encouraging.cbaunting, and took their places in long lines on Corso a demonstration hostile to the Pontifical their knees in the Pope's Chapek From this place, Government by means of hired rioter*. Such awhen Antonelli heard of the palingenesia and its ing with his head off; while a worldly wag, be-felt the temptation to swerve by a hair's breadth; ing told that Le Monde was the Univtrs minus and with these still marched others, once his politi- Veuillot, advised a further change of title to cal associates, Ministers now and high officials under Le Demi Monde), came down with sarcastic the Empire, who, having abdicated their own con-indignation upon the Steele and Company, deriding victions, retained grace enough to pay this last their ignorance on the one hand, questioning their tribute to his faithful honesty—as renegades mightgood faith on the other, for having published, copied, and commented " as serious and authentic, a piece **so manifestly ridiculous." Le Monde closes itsinvoluntarily cross themselves at a Christian's grave, envying, it may be, his peaceful rest.The name of Jules.Coignet, a landscape painter article by asking how "journals that lend them- of considerable eminence, must be added to theYesterday, at the time of evening vespers, therewas a general assembling at St. Peter's to pray forthe Pope and the Church. Processions poured infrom every quarter, headed in nearly evory case byan immense crucifix, draped in token of mourning.Standing on the steps in front, the eye was firstCaught by a long line of red, a garb in this caseadopted by some one of the numberless confraterni-ties, who bind themselves together somewhat afterthe manner of secret societies in America, for aspecific object and during tho time of theirbond, act in unison, especially in religious matters. .These slowly and solemnly entered the church, revolutionary faction wanted to make al»ng tho**'selvestoBucb.indecentjesting*canaskanyoneto necrologyoftheweek. **e_ter into serious discussion with them." ThisQuiet was maintained.' and who made the flank march on the right on the 23dThis telegram, though kept within the limits of infit. Suddenly an aid-de-camp hurries up to the Gen- the color oi iron at a red-hc&t, but without the appear-p * journalist Gueroult on a search. He went over to the- Arsenal library yesterday morning and found there, on pages 612, 613, in volume four of a his- torical work by the learned Benedictin, Dom Mar-fin Bouquet, the very words of " t h e grotesque "Excommunication invented by Sterne." Le Monde of to-day's issue observes a prudent silence • as to this second discovery. It must have been put to press before its editors road the yesterday's Opinion National*, it is to be hoped for their honestITALY.EXCOMMUNICATION- -FEELING ROME.ance of any sparks or rays. In this condition the star truth, will not prevent the ordinary correspondents eral-in-Chief, and points in the direction of the plain, continued until balf-paat 11,varying in the intensity cTreputation's sake; for a portion of its columns is j potted, and dated March 29.Not having time to see it in the afternoon, I cent, but it is rather funnier. I am perhaps under went early in the evening, and seated upon the ironafter a season of silent.devotion, they circled aroundthrough the crowd, a long red line, and knelt in acircle around $he lamps that burn-over the shrine ofSt. Peter. Another sound of chaunting called theattention to another procession. This was a long .events, any disorder.ances, whose revival under Antonelli's direction tho ond and third verses, the chapter and verse being Liberals ventured to say was comical, have been marked down wfth great distinctness. The words criticised unconsciously by those who should have are these: " L e t every soul be subject unto the been their warmest supporters, as farcical bur- " higher powers, for there is no power but of God; lesques. " the powers that, be are ordained of God; whoso-It is said that Count Cavour baa sent two notes to. I was mistaken in saying that the servant of .horsemen are scattered all over it, now plashing the Neapolitan Government, one exhorting it to adoptTHEINof tbe newspapers of Central and Upper Italy from at the same time making a rapid commuuication. Some its light, aod attaining tbe size nearly of the half-moon. iesuing some of their high-flown accounts, which of the MvOrifcb marauaers who lurk about the foot of A little before midnight the dimness began to increase, are the offspring of their fanciful imaginations. l a tie mountains touth of the valley and in the naighbor- and at 12 o'clock the star had entirely disappeared.»^i •••I.I.IIli lllli'.linll.i.l1,11.1 HHWtlWIiNot a French red-teg has stepped out of Rome yet. The Papal Nuncio at Paris his time out, and he presently leaves here; a departure not to be confounded, as it already has been and will be by well-informed correspondents, with a rupture of dip- lomatic relatione, of which casualty there is small hopeful chance. 'w e received news from Madrid yesterday of an attempted Carlist insurrection in Spain. It wasantecedents haye time far connected him with, Re- publicanism.. It remains to be seenhow long Pope Pius IX. and an exiled French Republican can agree. Such an anomaly is not often witnessed.. It show?, at nil events, how little care the Pope has of offending Louis Napoleon. The one who held this commission before this, some months ago, was an Austrian general, who, when he saw the raw material out of whicb be vtas expected to make anarmy, gave up his commission in disgust, spying that one might druTsuch cattle six years and they would not be soldiers. It may be so with Limori-the rumor that this force is to be united with/that of tracted to the window by a noise in the street, on every side your eyes and nostrils aro offended by Naples in a \ v a r against Sardinia. I t is reported and whence they saw the party of horse and foot dash fifth, squalor, and misery. At its southern side passesment, for it has made none, and gendarmes stillparade in knots of six and eight, up and down the thunders of the Vatican is not to be supposed. If it Franz Joseph, King Francis, Bishop Dupanloup, Co.reo as insolently as ever. Yet something had laid, not beer, then, fvr the malicious Liberals and a Louis Veuillot (with whom thedBishop, an excellent happened to get the electricity out of the air, that few ffl-advisod of the clerical journalists, the matter man in his way, is, or was at daggers drawn), and was evident. The secret at last leaked out in theThat the Emperor or any other grown man to-dayThe cffictal journal states tbat tbe insurrection atwould have been nearly forgotten before the week was over. But the liberals would not, and the Cleri- eos could not, keep their peace, and hence the fun and scandal:Count Montemolin, all drive in the same direction— backward.That funniest old retrogadc of them all, the plucky, sand-blind little Duke of Modena, has added his protest to those of Rome, Austria, and Tuscan Duke Ferdinand, against the Sardinian annexations. The document is well nigh as curious and antiquatedshape of a small circular, written by nobody know* who, printed nobody knows where, but which had found its way into the hands- of almost every citi- zen. Here I give- you a translation of the magic spell:" KOMANS ! So atrocious and bloody has been the in-jury ycu have received that you justly wish and willvengeance. It is a most ungratefuUibor to endeavorto repress the ardor of a generous p«ople who arethemselves reduced to the last extremes by a base gov-ernment, but as in private life, so much more in publio,it is often necessary to suffer and to repress the suddenimpulse of passion, waiting for the moment when itcan buret forthwith complete puccess. CerBain'yifthe thing required were only to show to the clergythat j o u do not fear their bullies whiqh in cruelty un-known to Austrian or Bourbon, these ministers ofChrist have armed against you, the oroof you knowwell, would neither be long nor difficult. Bat thethiDg airoed at is to deliver Rome forever from theiryoke. The tinse to attain this end will soon come, buthas hot come yetl At present any violent movementsand a little fleet of transports. Quite upon your leftthe view is intercepted by a rising ground close atband, on wbicb stand tbe tents of the 3d corps, butabove this elevation you catch a glimpse of a more dk-tant and considerable one. surmounted by the old had also spread to Caeane. The Government had sent tower of Djeleb, so often referred to as forming the, I told you in my last that the Steele newspaperbad published by anticipation one of the generalformulas of excommunication—the one which, itwas hoped, would be launched straight at the soul as an excommunication. It has set all Europe in and body of Victor Emanuel. I told you that it gifcgle.center of the principal Moodeh camp when first the Spanirb army entered the valley of Tetuan.reehforof mente to S»c lv.The Paris corre«pondent of The London Morninga T'he Abbe* Hue, whom many of your readers willIt is 5 o'clock in the evening. A fierce westerlygale sweeps down .the valley on the other side of Te-tuan, over the town and through the camp, raisingclouds of duet and bringing odore of no fragrant qual-ity from the carcasses of a couple of camels whioh forBorne dajt—little to the credit of the police of the committed by the ryots oi Lower Bengal. camp^—have been putrefying in a field between us andCorrespondence of The IT. T. Tribune.consequence, we deem it necessary to outstrip them in giving a brief and true account of what hap- pened:hood of tbe road Jrom tbe t*hore to Tetuan, have seized a couple of mules and are hurrying them off to the hille. Tney are plainly to be eeen pasising over the fields and through the orchard*, and iu a ahort time they will he out of reatsb. O.'Donnell'B voice is heard, loud aod ebrill, as it beaomes when he is angered,piling directions for the inetant pursuit of the robbere. The General is not in the beat of humors, for he has been pestered and disgruted by innumerable applica- tions for promotion aod decorations, for which, now that tbe war is over, an extraordinary avidity is exhibited His tone admits of no delay. Carbineers, civil guards,Ia its stead a sort of black speck was to be noticed by the light of the stars, which were unusually brilliant that evening. It remains for the astronomers to describe, and for poets to sing, the destruction of the luminary, which, for aught we know, may have beea the abode of a race superior to our own."LATEST.The following dispatches appear in the Cork papersofthel2ihinst.:Tbe Paris correspondent of The London Timet die- believeBthe report which attributes to tbe Emperor himseli'.the communication addressed by the Mmlater ot the Interior to tho Patrie and Pays. His Majesty, it is all«ged, would not hare used the supercUious ex- pression, a neighboring power, when speaking of a fricDdiy allied nation. The terms of the communica- tion imply that the charge against England, of foment- ing troubles in Spain and Sicily, was, moreover, reals though the proofs to efctaMi&h it wero incomplete.G*r>«ral Lamoriciere is very hopeful of organising & good Pontifical army. He writes, that ho hopes soon to have Soman ZouavesThe French troops continue to evacuate Lombardy. They are described as beiog heartilv sick of P-aly and the Italians. The jourxey from Paris to Vienna ie henceforth to be performed in thirty-six hours, under an arrangement concludtd between the French Gov- ernment and the, Germanic Confederation. The present time is ninety-two hours.ROME, March 31, 1860. "Well, the long-expected ball bf excommunication of Pepe Pius IX. has at length appeared, signed,On: Monday last, 19th, in the afternoon, thetaken up with the '' manifestly ridiculous inventionof Sterne, wbicb they print at last by way of con- trasting with an authenticated Church curse, an or- thodox, Simon-Pure article. Cot?»©aring the two, 1 rather prefer Sterne's. It is a trifle more inde-tory tid-bii*. Come to the question of practical ap- 1 amies and two officials of higher rank, whose busi- ranks. They were dressed in the deepest mourning, gan now to abuse and hiss the gendarmerie, at-It is written in two long columns, in the Latin tongue, of course, and posted on both pillars of the main entrance to St. Peter's.plot being discovered, and the necessary precautions being taken, together with the French troops, as well as the Pontifical gendarmes, they were placed in Buch a manner as to be able to repress, at allline of students from the various colleges and uni-I speak, of course, as a reader of these- denoncia- j candle, spelled it out at my leisure. Twogend- the others, a line of Koman ladies of the bigner ed by the gensd'armes The excited multitude be-ft© influence ofliterary prejudices, orpleasant asso- railing around the pillar, by the light of a tallow ^Rcs£k»s with the first reading of Tristram Shandy.piication, and the choice -between the two is nut I ncsa appeared to be to watch this document, worth (I speak with no irreverence) a "single gathered around me as I was striking my match,d—n." Provincial journals have taken up the and at length asked me what I intended to do; fteme. The Gironde, of Bordeaux, contains quite upon being satisfied that I only wished to read and an anthvlogy o*f this curious profane literature, per- not to burn the document, the left me to proceed fectly authenticated by references to chapter and unmolested.and marchcu in the most solemn manner, each ac- companied by a servant in livery.tempting even to free the arrested men. As they did notisucceed, the mutineers, to whom were added a great many idle people belonging to the lowest order, assembled in the " P i a z z a Colonna," not desisting from provoking with abuse the Publichurry west along tbe other. Tbe depredators, per- ceiving themselves discovered and pursued redouble their speed, and their wild burnous draped figures are eeen scudding across' the country at an extraordinary pace for men on foot. An officer on a gray horse is foremost among their pursuers, far ahead of the oihtrs A party of infantry quits camp at the double, aid makes for the nearer foxd. Prom the plitforms of head-quart era the whole scene is plainly discernible in the iays of the sinking sun, and the sight is animating' The Ami de la Religion, having disrespectfully " ever, therefore, resLiteth the power, resistcth the shrine of taeir patron St. Peter. Far above their commented upon the organic law which forbids the " ordinance of God; and they that resist shall re- heads swelled the great dome, filled with an atmos-Prince Bariatineki was struck in his master's car- through watejr._and throwing up thousands of glitter- the same policy as Piedmont, and the other insisting;riage."' It was ths cook, whose head was out of one ing drops, theu&forcmg their way through orchards and that the escutcheons of the legations of Toecauy,of the win lows of tho Russian Legation when the thick plantations. The gray keeps the lead, followed Modena, and Parma, shall be taken down.carabinieri swept by. His* wound is not serious. pretty closely by about a dozen othors; the nstare far IA: Nord says tbat Count Cavour bag telegraphed toAmong the other suiferers I may mention the elerk behind, ond Willhardly be in at the death; here a sad- Leghorn, ordering two steam-frigates to proceed atof an English Catholic banking-house, who was dle has turned, there a horse bss fallen, The country once to the coast of Sicily, and shelter alt fugitivee-walking with his old mother, when ho received a is more aud more wooded, and fugitives aud pursuers from political vengeance. The cry in Sicily is for aie frequently lost to view. . Meanwhde, the active union with the new Italian kingdom.By Telegraph to Queenstoion.From The Daily New City Artiele April 12.The tightness of the Money Market had an unfavora- ble effect upon the stock market to-day, and the fande closed i V cent lower than yesterday. The reaction was more decided in the share market. Tbe demand- f yr money to-day was very active. In Lombard street 5i was in many instances demanded for good abort bills. There is every likelihood of an immediate ad- vance in the minimum to 5 V cent at the Weekly court to-morrow. There were again no transactions in bul- lion at the Bank to-day.From The London T met City Article.Consols opened at an impovement, but atendenoy tojreactionwascausedbyarevivalofdemandformoneypublication oi Antonelli's Bull, has received a warn- " ceive to themselves damnation.'.' A very happy % . quotation for the purpose required.' Being fortified The report of the Senate Committee on forty-two by scriptural authority, the third division pro- petitions demanding the interver+ion of the Senate coeds to inveigh with . great severity against all an favor of the temporal power, treats the Roman those who have had any hand in bringing the Church question from a historical point of view with deci- into her preeent diffiulties; against those who have ded ability, proving to every one (who was con- sent emissaries to excite discontent in the Pope'sphere hazy from the clouds of incense that rosefrom censers swinging below and barred with therays of the setting sun that came in at the windows. done nothing." But the geudarmes, not satisfied the ford, *nd are pushing across country at a good five- Taken all together it was a sight that would move with wounding him, struck his mother. The wound miles-an-hour pace. There is a shot, and auo:her, andin his Paris apartment, when he was intruded on by above—furnishing of arms, exciting discontent, &c. wholly removed.the pob'ce, who made a search there, resulting in The curse, as a friend expressed it, is "drawn the seizure of incriminating documents. He was rather mild." The objects are not cursed in bedPrussian and Russian Ministers, follow Mr. Stock- ton's example.THE POPE TO VICTOR EMANUEL. Under cate of April 7, theTurin correspondent ofO'Deunell, who shows himself at its entrauce. Tooofficer mokes his report. " Nada, nada ! fusillar- houses follow the bank by advaaoing to a correspond-and board, as such were wont to be of old. Tiioy THE RECENT DISTURBANCE IN ROME. are now shut out from all emoluments of,thy Correspondence of Th« N. Y. Tribune.day that we got news of the excommunication ofboth parties to it. " In the name of the very Holy sions of great sorrow at the unending evil the Holy and the Government, without disturbance; Too between tbe Pope and King Victor Emanuel. SeveralFather has been compelled to inflict upon his dis jonma's fcavo pretended to giv«e the exact taxt of the •* and indivisible Trinity," it begins. The fact, for- obedient children, and a general call to all the faith- people indeed, so far from provoking ah attack, left correspondsce. A German paper did publish Bome-los ! " cries the Commander-m-Chief. The prompt ing extent their allowance for deposits there can be mandate i«, however, modified. The priuonera are little expectation that an enhancement of the rate willnot arrested, but is likely to be brought to a judi- cial trial.The text of the "Treaty of Reunion of Savoyand Nice to France'* was published here the samehave much effect in checking any overtrading that may possibly exist. The continental exchanges sxow gen- eral firmness.striker cut down. Three or fonr Moors were killed place. Great efforts are being made to ca nu:e CcuutIdealistmilitary, wa« keeping within doors, than anything'I ever saw. There wero people enou^b in the otherwith tbe cavalry. As foreelling them bore, it ia out of ocoa- the qucttiop. Kulea are morw eaeily disposed of, al-armed men, were concentrated iu the Sic'Uvn Islands, and had interrupted Ue o-iiuUs communiciUng wtth Palermo. The troop quartered in that city were at*• tacked evory night. Tho Neapolitan fleet was orals**, ing along tho coast. • >Tbt- Optnwne publJabea the following telegram dated*April10:"Too insurrection in Sicily sjppears towt1Se first, mostearnest and persitent of the newspaper can hardly"be expected to kick back, with much streets, but the Corso, their usual promenade, wasnvs, POP.E, JX SPAIN AND MOROCCO.•»left to ihoBe whose sabers had cleared it on the pre- vious Monday, and to their -aiders and abettors.of any such.'thing. The Monitettr prints two have a tort of admiration for a man who hails his matic body, I learn, was in tho box where its«^WBwa»;i36& morning of Nicene signatures to a creed colors and goes down with all sails set.force.doctrineupanddownthe columnsof the Opinion AndIsuspectthat thePopedoesnothopetoac-advocates for the annexation; openly urging tnatXetioudl, before, at, and during the times when Lord complish anything by it. He uses it to keep up ap-Cowley was getting spoken and written assurances pearances, to preserve the symbols of his old author- Church of St. Maria sopra Minerva, where theiram Emperor and ^Minister that they did not think ity, and, if the worst comes, to die game. We all Pone celebrated High Mass. Not one of the diplo- sketch,or aoaneein the .even a. heretic.iifiyHatY^#r.4.5'jmRMMSj *_f.deyenf or bead of ^the body^ 'jtisfc? very few Roma1* that lately -were orchards, t aaai" round ytopyax&t fcJ*a» many of tbetu of motorr* a«e, and hprho probably1 will be a few renegade Spaniards, some Belgians,- afew AustriaPB, and a smaller number still of Ital-ians. In short, whoever can be impelled by fanat-icism, or love, to protect the Pope, willbethere; ation for the substitution of Neapolitan in place ofThe commander of these forces is to be Generalciere. He is now at Ancona, waiting the collect! >nvinced of the fact beforehand) that the Romagnol dominions; who have sent gold for the same unholy beiore men and the heavens for the good of " 11 Pa- to taljce refuge behind a carriage, where he was cat and apply thameelves to tbe discussion of stews, which question is and ought to be a political one. It is purpose, or have furnished arms for bis revolted ipa." About sixty have lately come from Ireland; dowr/.' He has since complained at the Police- it needs a campaigning appetite to etomaoh. In anoth- aamecessary to add that it concludes with the re- subjects. Then follows" a chapter of grievances Numberless handbills are posted up around the Oflice, where he was obliged to sign his testimony er half hour, or little more, tbere is again a stir incamp, and arueh to tbe tent-docre to seek its cause. Ayouiig captain of cavalry l-idee up the main street, fol-lowed by a handful of diugooiis, whose horac-a reekwith sweat; in tbe midst of the soldiers come tho cul-prits, three wretched looking Moors bound wrist tojection of the petitioners' prayers.^ The report was which the Holy Father has suffered at vai'ious streets, and at the doors of churches, "announcing without having the privilege of hearing it read to approved by a majority of 116 to 16 votes. In the times from the various great powers, especially dur- thatTrioni, or religious services of three days du- him—an unwarrantable and illegal proceeding. debate upon its merits, four Cardinals, a Bishop, ing the last eighteen months—until forced on by the ration, will be held at certain churches specified, Others who were wounded are afraid to give in and two civilians opposed its passage with more or power of this historical review, in the middle of the for the good of The Church and of its Spiritual their evidence. Thus you may readily imagine how lees ingenuity of argument Report and debates second column, the terrible sentence of banishment Cardinal Ahtonelli will make up a case, by way of are publishedinfull. from thebosomof thoChurchispronounced. No Head, and calling upon all tho faithful to join. replytothe representations ofour Minister,Mr.wrist,tbefaceofoneofthemcoveredwithbloodfroma wound in tbo head. Tuey are hideous looking bar- in the discount market. At Ban-, appiicatibus werenames are mentioned, and it is simply aimed in a Lest their love should not be sufficient to impel Stockton, who mono has as yee, I believe, moved The famous Louis Veuillot, eminently able Ultra- them to these exercises, various rewards are offeredbarians, whoee countenances alone would qu*)uy themfor the gallows, and who evitfenSly snspacrj judgingfrom tbeir downcoat looks, tbat some such rfato mayhe in reserve for them. Tbey are led up 10the tenlofextraordinarily numerous,and many persons anticipate that a movement to 5 ^ cent may to-morrow be re- solved upon, although much of the pressure was per* ha as artificial and attributable to the prevalence of thia idea. So long as the joint stock O<UULB and discountmontane editor out of place, has lately returned broadside kind of .a.way against all and every on& in the shape of indulgences, by which a sinner's in the matter, although the representative of En- from Rome. Hardly was ho cleverly housed again who has had a share in any of the acts specified term in purgatory may be greatly shortened if not gland is greatly interested, and may, as well as theROME, March 29, I860. Sunday, the festival of the Annuneiation, passedEent to the guard-house, and will be disposed of in themorning. The party of robbtrs had resisted despor-rately. One of them had fiercely assailed llro rider ofthe cray—an officer of getds^rmeij—cutting at himwith Lis goomia, but the blowa. were parried and the arrive to-morrow at Tortoea^ where bis trial will takeChurch, from all her blessings and her benedictions,and in the next world the keys of heaven are turnedagainst them. Then follow a few tears and expres- off, contrary to the expectations of both Liberals spoken from time to time of an exchange o.f lettersfighting; of thepr'Dontre broogbt in, one is likely to mulae apart, being accomplished, I do no i see that ful to pray without ceasing that these reprobates the Corso and the Piazzas which open from it, and thlcg approximately true, and . a portion, though im- find little mercy, for tho mcltteerdeposes to his havingEnglish and Prussian objections do more than con- may repent and be received back again into the amuped themselves elsewhere. A gentlemin who perfect,was pubiuboJ in ths Courier da Dimdnche. b*en uctive in depriving him of hia beasts. It is moatMontemolin and his brother. A succewful result is* anticipated. Perfect tranquitlity pre rails. The bound- aries of Couta have been amicably arranged. The value of tho territory ceded to Spain is eet'iuaied at 300,000,000 reals.tinue to gently irritate French susceptibilities. One Church. l?ow, as the letter which it ia raoiit important that we u reminded, by the eloquent and verbose persist- walled nearly the whole length of the thorough- Bbould bo accurately acquainted witu ia ths Pope's ence with which M. Thouvenel argues and assev- &But that this may not be too easily done, the fare in the early evening, at the hotir when it is answer, explaining, na it docs in party what he haslikely, however, that ail thi*e will bo handed over tothe commander of the Moorish cavalry, which haslately been stationed some way to our lett for the purpore of restraining the irregularities of the Kabyles,and protecting the Spaniards from petty moloetation.In that case, their lives are not worth much, for Moor Pari*?. Tho answer is HImilar to the disoatcb of Russiaerates, that this annexation bears no analogy, not next clause provides that no forgiveness shall be flie slightest, with any possible cis-Rhenan an- granted either by this Pope or by his successors, nexation: if there is one thing more than another unless the offenders " perform works meet for re- tfeat Louis Napoleon does not want, it is Belgium pentance"—that is, make full and complete restitu- and the outlying Prussian-Rhenish provinces and tion for all the damage they have done. Then, pro- the natural boundaries—one is reminded, I say, vision being made for the posting of this document «f thote inscriptions on Chinese shops: " W e do upon the two Churches of St. John Lateran and St. not cheat here!" which again corresponds to the Peter's, it closes with a flourish of titles and bene- JPrix Fix of Paris shopkeepers, that seems to be dictions. And the results are being awaited. established on a sliding scale, running down to 30 It is hard to realize that this weak paper is tho per cent off and up to GO per cent on, according same in kind as ouce held such complete control lo customers and circumstances. Switzerland's over every kingdom in Christendom. This old ar- cfeanee of having verbal justice done to her neutral tillery of the Papacy is getting rusty, and, like all tights looks more favorable now than it did two old instruments, may prove vastly more dangerousTweeka ago. Three weeks ago their full assurance to the party'using it than to the party against ,was voluntarily guaranteed by the disinterested which it is aimed* Victor Emanuel will hardly bedisturbed by the shot which is so clearly aimed at M. Anselme Petetin has just been decorated with him.- 11' there is any power whatever in the piece, Ike crojs of the Legion of Honor. He was one of it is most likely to be shown in the recoil; but itusually thronged with carriages returning from the eince done, and showing,- as it does at tbe Bima time, drive upon the Pincian Hill counted exactly two, that Victor Emanuel was informed of tas Pope's iu-tentionp, bu'tnotwjtbst^dbgheld husownjpod right and was struck by seeing so few pedestrians. En- ai>d convenience to be pAriiraonnt, I think you will be tering the Corso from tho Campagna at about.b^ glad to aee an exact .copy of tint letter. I can guar- o'clock, I walked nearly two-thirds of its length, antee its authentic'ty, and an undoubted proof oi this will be given by the publication of the three letter*, and I should think that two out of every three men together with tbe narrative of tbe Rev, M. S^UarJi,VIENNA, Thursday.—-Tho answer of Austria to the circular note of M. Thouvenel of l'Jth of Mareh, on the annexation of Savoy to France, has been Rent tofquad of French soldiers, with cue or two Cara- ata )\a tbo c-iMowo, and In tho«e thtt wlU more greatly ia<ol- JJBIO )t-after tae swnowmmULion oftbo i»niriio<ioufi aot vrliijh youThe only demon stratum on Sunday was at thoJ * ^ S 5P* devotion to France and its ruler. Ifbalf of what the French papers.tcU u* of the Niceois communication, to learn that the Pope is making orie diplomat, and he the French Embassador, b,s*ofabod round hill,j«tbt«8 from uu^dd^vt sWentbly. .The-,poor-fellowa .h&ve had but a small LONDON STOCK EXCMAN«K.—Cloelnir prices: Cousota,:S S S K u ^ f ^ t n M * - ^ I believe that in strenuous efforts to organize an army of his own. Luke de Grammont, was present, and only two oak, the earth at wboao foot banbeen worn aw*? hv share iu the glories.'of tbo war, bat, unless they for monev'Mli do.loracoouut. Oi; dv J];new Throes, 5 S H f 2 * f TM feast it may be—Victor Emanuel This is, in fact, a necessary supplement to the ex- Roman princes. So, too, at Grariimont'a own re- time jt fUirdvhmb of root,#***&,}«-.itMK*W«.the pyeedily depart, ibey ore lively to come in for a fair 925©02?"G a n b a W ibe, by tie effeumstancee of bis late unhappy mar- enough of his own to stand upon.S r S l i' oppressed, it may well old friends and supporters, he must gather strengthIt will surprise no one,afterthissweepingex-.jutUng,onofor.earn*dltfauoe'iaw thevalleyframtao Bindflati)«ar'Cu»«toxu-Hv>ueePort,aresufferingcon firmbutidle. , „ .•>communication. If the Holy Father will curse his ception on Monday, there was a thin attendance.of emfftfe of tie Sml.The hill mmottled iritis geay afc>»e amonxii of »«r»alitv. .T«0' battalions of theta wereMinisters, and'there would have been.still tower find dark-fpreeu herbage.;' the n*p*r end of theranvfio* enunir+d ox* tfne 23d, b«ing, I bsHeye, wtth. theIs- «*ver*ifi«db;r j battalion•vtTiuifa, the>jry part of'Rice's corps that there, no<Umbt, but for the fact-that be is the tion or'fcttttwss thai -«pirJn^8 fwm It JB-mvereifi-dv~" W1C8T INDIA AND TACTnC MAIT.S.Sown AUPTON, Thursday.—Tho Royal &*U »W*JJ* 1•EBBBBS mmBBMBMWBImam mmLamori.ciere baa been appointed to the command of the Papal troops, and. haB actually landed at An- cona. This, it is surmised, is a part of the prepar-In tho streets, for the last few days, everythinghas been.remarkably quiet; there has not only been ing: "F«<?re,/wore"— "Come out, come oub"— Downw&rd. from their barren summits, on some ofand striking, where, as it subsequently appeared, which a little-snow is siill discernible, your gaze passes. men were crouching. It was the impression of glaoJy repostog on the lower wood-clad *JopC3, untilno outbreak or tumult, but there has been none ofthat feverish undercurrent of feeling which is oftenthe harbinger of disturbance, even when there is anabsence of visible signs. This could not be, surely, nieri were drunk, BO mad was their onslaught. the result of any concessions on the part of Govern-it reaches the smDing plain, with its green mea-dows and rich orchards, with every here and there ahamkt vet tlihg among fruis trees, or tho white countryhouse of son e affluent Tetnahese. The course of tbertver is for the mott part concealed by high banks andthi<?k foliage, but occasionally in its windings the eyecatches its bends, sbiniog like silver plates. To your Palermo was repressed ,Jafter an obstinate combat in left^front are the Spanish forts, Cuetom-House, and the streets and houses. Tao troops took the Convent Martin aud then come the sea, the Spanish squadron,these gentlemen, who are among the first English and American residents in Rome, that the carabi-Of the insurrection in Sicily the Government dis- patches affirm that the outbreak at Palermo had been suppressed, aud that tranquillity prevailed there and throughout Sicily, as well as Naples.might damage the cause, embarass the counsels of ouraugmrt defenders and bring us into collision with the to ciear the Colonna and the Corso, and charged. countenances tanned aimott black by BUU, wind and1versitiesJ Then came, behind a draped oruciiix,j as some led by two tanners, who were quickly arrest-Then a longer procession of women of the lowerclasses in their various costumes came to pray forthe Holy Father; then an immense line of littleboys, and after them an equal line" of small girls; Force. Then a party of gensd'armes valiantlyThis account of the immediate occasion of the onset rain, faces naggajd from disease that has but joct is corroborated by the Giornale di Roma, a daily departed, here aud there a limp oi «. slung arm, paper, which, in its issue of the26th of March, for combine to tell a tale of recent hdrdfluips aui combat,; tbe first time alluded to the affair in the following while tho. freabntRB of cartain embroideries h otsarticle, which is funny enough to be worth copying the promo ion they have won. In the center of the entire: Btreet, with rapid step. st'rideB op and down the tall sfigure of O'Donnfll, the coUar of hiB blue overcoat" A disagreeable event which occurred happened turned up about his .ears to keep off the sharpin this capital ou the afternoon of Monday last, I9th, wind and annoying 'cuat. On hia right hand is awas so insignificant that we did not choose to speak short man, with prominent ncse ahd^ a some- of it. But from some newspapers, arriving to-day, what careworn face, on whoee cap are the insignia ofwe see it was thought worthy of a telegram from a lieutenant -general. This is Garcia, tbe Chief of the Rome, which runs so: 'Yesterday (19th) an attempt Staff. On his other flank walks a burly, jovial-looking 1 at a manifestation was immediately repressed. general, talking with much animation and occasional 1 gesticulation. It is Rios, commanding the 4th corps.disperse them." T h e friends of law and order applauded the and interesting enough. The chase is vigorously keptaction of the brave gensd'armes. In less than an up. The gray horse reaches the ferd, daaheB "aorosa hour quiet prevailed everywhere. In the unhappy and turns to sue right. The Moors are far ahead, butblow, to which he replied in Italian, " W e have infantry, a part of tbe General's escort, have crossed. of ono man was, acearding to medical testimony, another; several follow. The Moors are but six or inflicted by a stiletto. Au old man from Nassau, eight; but, driven to bay, they show fight. It is get-When a sufficient number of pilgrims shall havearrived, they are to make a grand demonstration who was walking near the Biazza delPopolo, strove be distinguished, and most people tarn into their tenta,The. Ijoridon News says:For nearly a month pas*, the press of Europe hasI met were French or Roman.soldiers, every one who was tbe Kvse's ppeclal messenger to the Pope.with his sword or bayonet by his side. A few other Msyotty—Th«vi'catbat yoar Mufcuy baithovghtof maa^ont- record. The war JB over, and ppotdy dopariure OSCQ land and the neutralized districts of ChabUia and-*people, and perhaps half-a-dozen carriages worehurrying through or across the street, as bent uponbusiness, not pleasure, there. Every ton steps a Forof aklng of tho bou«e of Savoy. Mfy »u«w«ria do la CoEcoidin'c brigade of Artillery is omb irking, a French Co cerumen'., in accord vuce with promises givetf in th* Muiy olloo) Jotter to the^TPMfJW • .Ieerved under Carrie*, or Christina banners during tho civil war. Their comttirtoder, Ckn. Latoir*, ta a re- markably soldierly-looking-mao, with a striking coun- tenance and full gray beard.Of tfce whole army Gen. O'DonneH la. perhap*, tho man who feels (or at lea«t tedri&eg} the least desire to depart. It was generally thought that, peace ooeo made, he would be sent for ftom (ktadrid, where it if. believed that bis presence is reqoirtd for political rea- sons. Asyet,however,therearenosymptomsofhi* moving. To a number of tbe officers attached to hi* staff, and for whose services be b>s no longer occasion he has given free leave, to betake tbemselvesXo Spain'ot slow in proScing byv ' a permission they are noti* ,BY THE CIT5T Off BALTIMORE.Tbe screw steamship City of Baltimore, Capt. Petri*which called from Liverpool at 1 o'clock on tbe after- noon of the 11th infiL, and touched at Qaeenstown oi> the following day, arrived here at 3 o'clock a. m. oa Tuesday. She brings tho same news as the Australa- sian. A few fuller details are appended.Tlic London Time*, in an article ou submarine cables, says that tbe cable for Gibraltar will ha ready for submerging about the middle of September n*zt. It is proposed to lav it in two equal portlone—one from Gibraltar to Cape Piniaterre, and the other from Pinie- terre, it is hoped, to the south-west coast of Ireland.From Prance we learn that Lord Cowley was •ap- posed to have addreaeed a remonstrance to tbe Preach Government o n t t h o imputations put forth against England by tbe Paris Pays and the Palrie, wad that, the reprimand those papers received was in conse- quence of this remonstrance. It was believed that tbe French Government had taken into consideration the proposition for a treaty of navigation with England.the city. In the ahtence or more exciting occupation, many of the inmates of the head-quarters camp are taking a stroll up and down the street, and gaining anThe ship Lord Raglan, bound from Bombay to Lon- don, had been totally wrecked.It was rumored that tbe Chineee had withdrawn tho Government we have ! This was enough. The ret down in the middle of the promenade, must detect guns from the Taku forts to strengthen the Tieu-tein_and several officers spring to their horses, and scamper down into the valley, makng for a ford a considerable • In fact, toward 5 o'clock, actualriots took place, distance toward the sea. There is Mie much nearer to Tetuan, but they do not know it. and they ride east along one bank of the stream, while the Moorsting duek, and ic is dinner-time; tiere is little now toith justice ia rapid, aud ditcriminatea little, and the probabilfties are that the pcor wretches' heads will etrew the groutd before they are 24 hours older.on the eamo oubject. Ta© Austrian Cabinet, like that of Russia, does not raise any objection to the act of an; nexation, as long as this auuexution w represented as ' being the rthnlt of a cession freely cocuectsd to bySuch jetty incidents as these are all tbat now vary Pitdmont, and not as the effect of an appeal to uux- the monoid y of camp life, or thai aro iefs for mo ty vertal euilrage. As regard* the neutrality of Switzer-lng to me Is B«t a win« Itfva,rindoeuainJjr not wonby of a Cacho pies everybody's thoughts smd wishes. The Marquis Faucignv, Count Recbtwrg expresses * d>*ire taat the 11« king, ond * '•'-m»y e*8i'.y ro*d part of the Engineers aio abou*. to embark, a largo by Thouvenel in his d^spatchts, thoulu maintain th* - - -N not formyaetf, but for tho hn- number of officers have obt.Jned leav-a to go, and, guaranties t-upulated by tho treaties.Cnthbop»py state of your M*j-3st>'« noul, which ts implicated* t Matuc-within a day or two, will have eaded tcr Ca-ii/ or Ali- cante. AHnatial in such caaes, there is ruuoli lamenta-MADRID, 11 —The news that Count Montemolin and hi* brother had b*en captared, has not been conurmed-binieri in their company, met mc. It was more together with vhotoarotmd you, have the iatoation of perform- tion about the difficulty of conveying away h.>rsiH, TUHIN, April 11.—According to nesra from N'aploetolike a reign of terror, when everyone except the ID*. *rnoft of which have to bo left to go t:cro«t t> Spain 10th, the insurgents, rumoring about 10,000 well- '1 pray tho Lord wi*h all my heart that He may ^rli^htojoa yoa,earop aeemsto be thnt, if the Moors quickly rotum and ppreudiog. The durpach vi troops continues. Great* The special cowespybdent of Tlic London Tines, iigaio d*8poil th<rn,th* i-raelitee will have got no more agitation prevails iu jtfaptea," ,under date or March "df, prei^nta the foUd'mag livelythantb«-y deserve. . Meanwhit**, the old cu> 83 of chol-era utiH makea itsslf felt, espeei-jJly among the re* quiet wl the morning at Mi&%% bolng occasionally* c*nly-aiT.ved *jOi-'-io» of the army./ Tae ihree thousand biiyerj at 1*1 6-10. Shares iuacdve, dualew all waitingyLONDON, Thursday Koou.—Consols have been verychip Company's steamer rasmaniau'. Cant. Keve**» clumps of cactus, f<um»ng irregular hedgeo round fieldli wai actually engaged. 'JBhey are a fine body of men, with above mails, has arrived here. w« briageUntitled DocumentGazicia, which was occupied by the rebels.From Tarin and Paris we get different versions of the sta'c of affairs. Mew-ina had hoisted the revolu- tionary flag, and at the latest dates the insurrection there was reported to be unsubdued. The movementCtironicle, writing on the e ten lng of the 7th, sttttee tbat the insurgent* at Mcsaina repelled tbe troops, and that the town was in the hands of tae popular party. There had been much bloodshed.MADRID, Wednesday evening.—Gen. Ortega will www.fultonhistory.com 