 ititof the floating home,asForneyaidin 1856,and corruptthe turningofffromthefightagainst Lincolnfor a squabbling,windowsmashing,andbungingeach smash-up among the Opera folk i« * ai-T.OCTOBER 26, 1860. Tksj Vote of Nrvf Yftfc-& Pi»tH..it*ts- t*ta hundred ori one or twoState fffijeifcout tpply for moneysthis time to bear this in*mr«a••!*£*•*> Party-the hostility and treacheryMr, Dickinson upon both points in the letter to which he refers is satisfactory and consistenttion. The convention was adjourned to another far removed from gentle influences a«to night, but when the managers arrived at Tain pngiltsts to nominating o ° I I T « l u o n , ' w ^ manytheyfound thedoorsshut intheir faces. holdclubseverthe headof thepreeioW!In fact there is nothing but fighting and followed by the dissolution of the UolosNEW YORK HERALD.mind,andnotgive the ungrateful scamps an- It k universally conceded that, unless the litem, awaiting tbe«ov*taenw. »hfch were to other opportunity to heap their billingsgatelm the Somtii.The signs o f the approaching revolution are accumulating In the South, and thos«* who watchwithcaretheshadowsthatcomingevents cast before them do not fail to appreciate the danger on the verge of which we are treading.t o s s e s thegrofshop* * . «ofnet K. w.SSV JOTS^SJPwSeWi ^Sl^^,*rto*W*A useful work, by Senor Carlos Bebello, hss just made its appearance at Havana, giving the statistics of the sugar crop of 1860, taking the production of e eh estate separately as well as in the aggregate. From the author'sfiguresit irg,frcmtheresultsorour elections in1856- and countyofficers. Lincolnwill be elected, appearsthatthecropofthisyearwascutfromll **m*'m********i*i****' 1*upon those who have furnished them the means tokeep their heads above water. Letthem have no view of the vaults of Wall street untilhetsn*ieesei^ ^ *IM» PaaujOTIOB i?«> PHOFMITOH.Tbe panic at the South continues to spread w >igj£ anowsav TOBatns Jtowerr.-Hia*WAV*«o» U WirasCOM.onionof all the democratic secions, factionssometimes expanding the currency and at otherssubjecting If tc great contraction?, until finallythe movement! culminated i n t h e universalruin of merchants, bankers and politicians. bable political events near at hand. If IsBroad way.-Bojras.Tht New*.By the arrival ef the pony express at St.pbpular manifestations inbehalfofunionand workanddisseminated antislaverydocumentsharmony at Charleston been properly appre- directed against the existence of theflave in-ciated by tbaf. Convention, there would have stitution in the Southern States. Chief amongbeen no difficulty in opening the way for these was Helpers book, which has been dili-a decisive national triumph over the republi- gently circulated during the last threw years, are in the bands of one proprietor, the revenuestry, and a new charter for the bank, whichvainly hoped for resuscitation. This greatcontest was one in which the political andmaterial elements of the country combined, own ports to a foreign market and recelft•.San Francisco on the 11th far Panama, had 323 timore—a mere waif/upon the waves—might passenger*and$1,240,000intreasureforNewYork.Thousands in Yankeedom of the lineal de- reras and the Duquesnes are almost as fa- Bank carriedJdown the whole fabric of credit crime. Manyof them wouldsoon turn'theira scendantsofthefollowersofCromwellhavemiliar"atthoseplacesasthoseofour intheSouth,causingarevulsionandapanic tentiontothegoodsandchattelsofthatBusiness at San Francisco had somewhat revived. By the bark Thomas Dallett, Captain Dili, ar- rivedatPhiladelphiafromLaguayra,weareinre-still have nominated a separate ticket for the local purposes of the Southern opposi- tionparty,butpractically itwouldhavebeen led to believe that they have a betterown commercial magnates. If we were to esti-which speedily spread ovlr the whole North.Similarcausesarenowinoperationtopro-wealthier neighbors, having been long tiagt by the leading republican journals the doctris ofthecommunist*,that'ailpropertyUroeHebrew HUM sV Sbenfauance ef Parts. Majority against the republicans.... 166,000 The corner atone of the First Independent Metho- Now in tats late Pennsylvania election,dist church in this city waa laid yesterday after noon, in Forty-first street, near Sixth avenue, when appropriate addresses were made by Drs. Bur- chard, Trog aad Dowling, also by Bev. Mr, Hat tiaonandTheodoreTflton,theUtterrecommend-ssg that the "ssriergroand" cellar in the buildingtive citizens who are not politicians, would be triumphant in the Presidential straggle. H a d the democracy united at Charleston, or even atshesMbaesedtoprotect fugitive slaves. Itwillfestationofthe result wasseen in theVer-ultra anti-slavery views, its pastorPenr?jlvania, and, unless by the Interventionof a political miracle, the climax will b e cap-ped by a large majority for Lincoln in the preBttoa was chosen to characterise those who trade In TBE BEAUT v OF <XR NowNATrNO CONTEN-*•AfterwsibateveningchosenAs- ForFoster,Uniondemocrat "!«•thelbsDepartment,tofillthe Republicanmajority230,000 StateofNewYork. *72^0O0 •11 i ii —politics,asmerchantsdolacommodities;wholiveby TIONS.—Themannerinwhichthenominations moment Theoperaticunionwasd political hucrttoriDj?; who generally have no other bual-c(Uwhatsoever,addOho have recently pliedtheirTO forthedifferentcity,county andState offices TheeeceefrioDof Muzioandhisconfreresvole of New York can be turned against him,Lincoln's election is inevitable. If we can, Common justice to all concerned densaoda then, satitfactariljf show, from the facts and that this idea that "something may turn ug" totake in hand, as a simple matter of duty to our Intelligent readers, and as an net of simple jus- tice to ail parties concerned.mineing the matter any longer.upon to look this thing full in the face.best that our Union forces c m n o tsave all the odds aad ends of the election within their reach, inch as Congressmen. Assemblymenand all parties concerned may as well joss now»**«*Our cotemporaries In behalf of the Union -W* total ticket of this State are still c intend.forced to entertain the conviction that the finan-cial, commercial and industrial Interests of thewhole country are approaching a collapse iden-tical with that of 1837, but greater in its ruinand desolation, inasmuch a s these interestsThe Bombers banks are beginning to be affected, and if the worst feen of the South should be resided ia the eiectios of the black republican candidate for PreskUatof the Union, sad the .Southern leaders sboul« proceed to carry ogt their threat* in that con- tingency, hew greatly will the comiaercu!more to repair damages. The New York dele-NEW YOU Ko f »tee, a year ano, and with 150,000 voters inlj wfc"s ett«a4 to at tMm aewstti.xs>* «-sbspe their course in 'his Presidential oonwst?bearing upon the o*ae,thet the redeem New York should be abandoned. H e * they learn decent manners, and can remember .COUSSSOS>rVVtOXAMVA33ACBT3.dayhasgonebyforthetedesnptianorN*-wYorkwillvoteforLincoln,andbyalargerfavorsbettertitantheyhavedoneheretofore. Intheconditionofthecountry,andthepo-thecertaintyofLincoln'selectiongala,« , < • « •.m i .>'».i'iiH>ii«"i*i*«i»iwwi"baneful results upon its material interests thereis a great similarity between the present timeand the United States Bank contest thatpre-ceded the great nnancis# revulsion of 1837.As like censes produce like effects, we are structive whirled, * . t e f MpoliticalYork, we settle ail doubts touching the isms of MfttvNMiMfli*•*»«• this Presidential contest This task we nowa w t W* any sort y &r*Mlitical causes which * » af work to produce ground. IHrtitUWp^tetetteg^^^g^^majority, we dare say, than any other fttate. Lincoln will be elected- There is no OS> inCobs. • » * Its ReMmrces—THe Sugar Crop of 1860.'••-&mi'u7-'5P-*5«, that there la a heavy popular ma- J.H.y Mill exfetiag In the State hostile t o t h em^ou«!efimeplausiblestatisticstoencourage BlackHepubileumPrapsguntlismsuejltaw aboutfourteenhundredweight,realising,atfour cents per pound, about $62 75.The total crop was 503280 tons, and its ag- gregate money value $15 270,000, being in ex- cessofthatof1859by65,000,000pounds,or about six and a quarter per cent As compared with the crop in Louisiana, the figures willstand thus:—xmshape their course t o that event as to wait till republican party. We have earnestly labored the day after the election.700 000 acres, or about one forty-fourth of the total area o f the island, which amounts t o i>0,- 741,000 acres. The average yield per acre wasare far greater relatively to the popula-tion than they were then.'Daringthe panicbecomeaggravated. IotheSouththerethe fusion ot all the conservative elements ofthe Commonwealth against Uneela, But, call-ed to take a dispassionate view of the field,f.wo;t!efffgestlveresultsofthoselatePenn- tothepropagandismoftheirprinciplesthrough sylvania. Ohio and Indiana elections, wjs dis- means of their anti slavery documents, wclud cover that all our statistics of preceding elec- kg Helper's book, from which we made someperiod o f time that h a s elapsed sincethat disastrous epoch, o u r population h a sare some four hundred banks. I f they ,b<nA suspend specie payment as is Is prtbible the, will under such ciscuautances, natverssi baastions, even as late aa 1859, are worthless, ut- terly worthless. And wherefore? Simply be- cause the disruption ot the democratic party has thrown the whole game into the enemy's handsextracts in yesterday's HERALD. Their appealsto the fanatical and religious prejudices of the. j fmu estrto about, ..STBbers the great conflict of the times of Jackson and Tan Buren, cannot fall to perceive the parallel that exists between then and now.In his first message to Congress, in 1829, General Jackson introduced the passage which initiated the contest between the political ele-Upon New York the blow would fall heav%. Already there is a premonitory symptom ef the coating storm ia that poHtieal 'barometw, the stock market It may be said that it Uoaly fancy stocks which are afieoaed, and that St** stocks and real estate will act be deterioratesReserve Vote.There can be no doubt that the gain of thereserve vote by the black republicans is awingincreased in arithmetical progression, while the operationsofourindustryandtrademaybe ruptcyaadconvukueumustinevitablyfollow,We are calledpopulation of the Northern and Middle Stateshave not been in vain; and the perver|e and iMdtne*... .114,000 Average per estate sbout. .. STsuicidal strife between the two wings of the democracy has crowned the black republicanrizing the Street Commissioner to advertise for proposalsforcompletingtheBatteryenlargementhadheesteemedthedefeatoftherepublicaninhabitantsaresupposedtobesoeffeminatedandjluxurioustastes.ButfortheprizestheSouthernpoliticians,andalreadytheirfearsaverylargeaudience.Duringthelasttiwas adopted. A resolution authorizing the em- party in this contest as the paramount object- by the climate and its luxuries, and the ease which its agricultural requirements hold out toploymentofanengineertoreachsteam,fireen-mightstillhaveledthewaytotheirdefeat. resultingfromthelaborofthenegro,tintthey ittheslavetradewouldhavebeenlongsincegins, at a salary of $800 per annum, said engineer Falling abjort of this duty, in choosing the local would fall easy victims before the onset of the extinct. It is maintained, and will continue toare awakened and their action is beginning to months the Opera baa been managed, or rat* befelt Thecontestbeingbetweenacontrol- milmanaged,inamostfearfulaxdwonde ling political sentiment in the North and the way. The season commenced pleateti material interests of the South, the banks are enough. Tbe generous public was inf< compelled to strengthen themselves in every that those eminent diplomats. Ifeesra. I'll way. They foresee the necessity of holding on and Strakossb, had succeeded in combining to their specie to meet probable contingencies, the resident operatic talent in one grandand they have begun to contract their loans, which was, like another Alexander, toto be chosen by the companies, was adopted. Thechances of a halfway offering to the antislavery hardy Northern hordes. Lastly, to great num- be maintained, despite its risks, simply becauseresolution increasing the salaries of thefivegeneral sentiment of New York, rather than a bold ven- bers of local hungry politicians who failed to it pats. So it is with smuggling, and everyclerks in the Street Department was amended so ure for a national triumph, the chief of the obtain office In the democratic party, the new other illicit and hazardous traffic. If Britishsstoincludeanincreaseof$1,300totheSuperin- partyofferedachanceoflivingwitiaoutwork,andAmericanaboiltionutsaresincereintendent of Lands and Places, and the subject was New York delegation •nished at Baltimore thethen laid over. Considerable routine business was work commenced at Charleston, to w it, the upon the public plunder and spoils. T o them theijr desire to extinguish it, there is atransacted, and the Board adjourned till Monday nextl b s Beard of Cooneilmen did not transact much business last evening, and the only important paper disposed of was the concurrence with thedismemberment and dissolution o f the demo- cratic party.a change of political creed is easier than thesimple a n d effectual w a y o f doing i t ,the world. The sceptre was in the tundtchange of a coat, if they can only see any per-With that split o f this party into t w o gonal advantage from the change. Among this expense of waging a useless w a r against i tthrowing out first on the list paper payable inthe North. In this movement the banks of Vir-ginia, North Carolina and Georgia have already bogus prince, like t h e representative of acted, without concert, but to the same end in can or Sandwich Islands royalty, and did effect.' It is impossible for the other Southern represent a Power like Albert Edward orhostile camps, the conviction became class the iabid appeals of Helper s book found Let! them drop the use of sugar in their tea. almost universal among men of all sections and willing and attentive ears, for they concluded their coffee, and their toddy, and they willAldermen hi conveying a plot of ground to the parties that the republican Presidential ticket that the republican party was going to win; find that the importation of negroes into Cuba banks not to follow them, and as the political Japanese Princes Before Strakoech badHebrew ,' Benevolent Society fx the purpose of would walk over the course. The rejection of and it is a fundamental article of the office will diminish and finally cease, for the sameexcitement Increases the process of contraction must increase with i ta week on the throne the Corteei section of ministry was In open rebellion. Tne le on this side attempted to establish themconstructing an asylum for orphan children.The pasting of the Commissioners of Clarities and Correction yesterday was one of unusual inte- r report of the Committee of the Whole,For the last three years the republican lead- rod acres of land have been offered disclosed, in the one case, the confidence and ers—such as 8ewaid, Weed, Greeley, Morgan,Seward and the nomination of Lincoln as the seeker's faith to be on the strong, side, and If reason that smuggling is discontinued, becauserepublican candidate, instead of weakening,possible to demonstrate that they hold the bal- ance of power and turn the scale.the profits derived from it no longer compen- sate for the dangers incurred in carrying it on.The abolitionists have not, however, the self- denial to do this. Their philanthropy is exer- cised only at the expense of others. Cuba must therefore go on supplying her labor market as at present, and furnishing the world with the products which modern civilisation deems esThis excitement will not be allayed bythe election of Lincoln. The triumph of the at Boston; but the modern Athenians, black republican party will give it an conservative In all things except those pei immense and a sudden impulse, and the ing to the almighty nigger, locked coldly lightning will flash from every quar- the new movement, and the artirs fledstrengthened this general impression. The rs, contaiaed the announcement August elections in Missouri and Kentuckythe benefit of the poor children i, by Mr. Hatuh, ofEgre- on conditions which ares our report of the meeting. Resolutions by fas Board, hi reply to those recentlypassed By the Board of Police Justices on the sub-jec; of vagrancy tath* city, are also published isenthusiasm of the republicans, and in the other the hopelessly crippled condition of the de-Bryant, Jay, Field, Tappan, Anthon. Ketchum and Stranahan, in this city and State, together with Sherman, Lincoln, Colfax, Lovejoy, Burlin- game, Banks, Wilson, Grow, Blair, Cassias M. Clay, Covode, Waahburne, Wade, and a host of others in various States—have been actively consolidating the republican party by means oft * o beganpreservation, and to seek new outlets for theproducts of its industry, and new means ofsending them forward. T h e North, unwittingof the dangers that would attend a servile war, the baton of Muzio, a sort of Garibaldi of and of the fears which must dwell in every coulisses. Strakosch took his sole re homesurroundedbySouthernslaves,knows primadonna,littlePatti."faithfulamong nothing of the impulses which govern the South- faithless," aad started upon s filibustering ern mind, and is blindly consenting to the tri- In the South. The little corporal of tbe Ac umph o f political theories, which, by warring my found b is Moscow in Philadelphia,with the material elements of Southern society, deavored in vain to rally his scatteredmocracy.still more significantly betrayed the drift of the wind, and Pennsylvania, Ohio and Indiana, in October, have exhibited a Northern popular stampede which sets all opposing calculations,Vermont and Maine, in September,our report. Ths number in the institutions at pre-sent • 7,642, a decrease offifty-onefor the past election statistics aad fusion possibilities at de- the Helper book, and the result is that it ab- produce can keep pace with them. To whata».Ste. • MB -* itI•. .'tail H-In the way of illustration, let us take the case.««. a letter to the Journal des De- of Pennsylvania. In 1856 her Presidential to the democratic ranks, whence it came. Thei, of the Preach army, and abate, ef Paris, contradicting the report that the of Damascus had aided in massacring thebe any lurking suspicion, a gentleman has Total anti-republican vote despatchedfromParistoDamascus ForColonelFremont,republicanFor Mr. Buchanan He states further that, lest there For Mr. Fillmore\230,000vote, in round numbers, was thus divided:—Jeveryinquiryandreportfaithfullytothe tingthereservevote,consistingofconserva-where there waa every external appearanceof a coalition between both factions of Baltimore, they would have won probably two-will produce a state of fear and ruin there that Tbe it- domitable Marefzek defined his will inevitably react upon every interest here. by declaring that he bad no connection Letourfinsnctalandindustrialinterestsbe eitherofthesections,havingwhatthewarned in time, before the scenes of desolation ciar s would call a big thing of his own osthatmarkedtheculminationofasimilarcon- Therevoltofthesectionswasthereforefurther from my intention; for, la my free and easy voca- test in 1837 are repeated in ruin and dismay plete. The fair fabric reared by the bulary and the way I employ it, a "pohtloal board or trade"bas no more reference to merchants than that of "political now. Strakosch, and touched with the toseau flockjobbeis"hastothe dealersofWallstreet. Theex of bischarming rhetoric,wasdestroys!the democracy aad the old line Fillmore whigsaad Americana upon Foster for Governor, the propagandlsm of Helper's book lost it andheshouldhavebeenelected,accordingtothesegave it to the republicans. The first mani-day uponmyrecentletter,recommendingthesupportof the " Union electutat ticket," you seem to suppjee that In my borrowed commercial phrase, " board of trade," anddenyingitsutilityinpolitical afiairs,Ihadrelerencefigures, by a splendid majority, with libera*heseesbyourreportoftheproceedingsthatthis allowancestotherepublicansforalldrawbacks montelection,astillmoresignalonesincein tocommercialmenandtheirmovements Nothingwason the other side. Bat look at the actual : a rabid apostle of the "Mgher official results, in round numbers;—ForCuitin,republican. 261000°Jby the resignation of Mr. Here; we see that Foster, with a ll the effortscation so industriously that threatened rota made e x - are conducted just now, would be very amusing up the whole concern. pExagvLTAMA Pouncs IND aVunoisKs.— treme resorts nectseary. Bat I write also to lay. for a0 »w*^^^ w« m v MA O ^^^ ^•easm WWWW^SSWBSS/SS V » B>a"by the nominating individuals, and they allsorbed t h e greater part o f the demoralizedelections of 1857,1858 and 1859 allowed thatthere was a large reserve vote of nearly a mil-extent that capacity could be pushed, were the island annexed to the United States, is a fair matter for speculation. Judging from the small extent of its soil at present cultivated, it Is no exaggeration to say that, instead of $45,000,000, the annual value of its sugar crop would in ten years amount to $200,000,000. QMB DICKINSON'S EXPLANATION.—We have re- ceived the following explanatory note from Hon. Daniel S, Dickinson, touching a late edi- torial article of the HERALD:—BIKGRAMOB, O ct. 2 4 ,1 8 6 0 .American party, a portion of which went back82,000 lion which was not polled. The parties were312,000 nearly balanced, and it was therefore evident147,000 thatwhicheverofthemcouldsucceedinget-thirds of i t But their Insane dissensions and J AMIS GOBDSH B n m u T , ESQ.:—DB*B BIS—In your comments in the HSUALD of yester-OfthedemocracyandliteBell-EverettoldlineWeunderstandthatthePennsylvaniapoll commonpurpose,thatthosewhoareanxiousfortheifitwasnotdifgracefulanddisgusting.Asec• ThusitwillbeseenthatcottonbB°!s t ^ ' J ^ f ***"•*« »*• headingBTo whigsandAmericans,barelyreachesthedemo- (ucetss of the Union electors, and urge las with-SWarrenstreet,occupiefibyBemi**Ttt£ ticiansofailparties areputting a changeof drawal of the Breckinridge State ticket, should tion of thedemocracy, called theNational onlyagentofdissension,andthatnegroescraticvotelotMr.Buchananof1856;whiteIt linenintheircarpetbags,andareabouttopay reviewtheirownpositionoarofalrybefore they criticise DemocraticVolunteers, hada conventionthe nottheonlycausesofdisunion. Music dry goods aad mine too lreely. It is not for those whoee real and para* • trewbs is exceeded In the vote for Curtin b y 32,000. another visit to this city, and ma£t a haul upon mount object i s the election o f t h e Douglas State tiefcet other night, which broke up in a row* smashing ought to produce union and harmony ishosiery ers, sod, speedilyextinguished,goodstotheTS!wsuuaeS, with salsa af sbest 4JS» bate* H K w s a w^^>^ «aaa^altoM>ertaace,wane the enwsatweahe*as*bess,aad seraMUtft. s **• abThese figures art instructive. They exhibita to clamor became of the continuance of the other. Bat the money bags of New York and New Eng- Dattcnal Union mas, devoted to one great purpose, shouldof windows and so forth. Another convention quantities, serves to have quite the c«AversteShowing in favor of* the former an excess of389,000 tons, which is due entirely to differenceCuba j..606,380p wWhen the representatives of the democracyassembled in th eir national council at Charles cause.ton, the Presidential succession was clearly The leaders of the opposition to the demo- ana in bringing the crop to maturity than in sented by the United States Bank. From that State stacks and real estate are the last to ens*1withintheirreach. Asubstantialaudsignia cracyhadexhaustedalltheiringenuitytetrying 1 cant popular conservative reaction had com- to break down the democratic party, bat with- menced in the North, In anticipation of the out effect, for the reserve voters always went for the democracy, as they did in the case of Pierce, because they regarded i t a s the conservative side. At last the republican leaders resorted to the anti slavery sentiment as their trump card, and out of the ruins of their old party formed a new one on this basis. The KansasCuba,wheretheclimatefavorstheplanter.It will be seen by the annexed table that the amount ef steam and animal power employed in Louisiana Is-relatively greater than that em- ployed in Cuba, where a, crop four times largeris grown:—fstafes. Sim. Pr Animol Pr. Water, orstem.periodthewarwentoncontinuously—thebank down;butthey,too,mustyieldinthesalThe banks will go first, and the signalforteat fall will b e the breaking down of the backs at the South, which bang by a hair en the prs-and cliques upon a cemmon Presidential ticket. -Bay sad Encouraged by this belief, the conservative ele-All were swept away by the cra»h of 1837.In 1840 a new] politic»l party came sweepingSouthern banks suspend payment, thersfata the operations of'commerce will be arretted not only in the South, but at the Norn,••^•y^Ja»rm"^i^' n«f M»rr"*«^-^"'•" O0R10U-Bar., J^SEJ^JM-w!Cou r*on m*.—BOOUT A CA«TB«IX*S representative o f the "irrepressible conflict,"by a handsome majority. H a d these Northern when that was used up, the leaders went toments nobly rallied against the republicans in Connecticut, and very nearly carried the State. Rhode Island they did carry, against a pickedCu*a.... i.866 Uuwianal808649 409 7 S92 SIS —70 per cent 76perc«at.into power, bringing the Bankruptcy act torelieve the crushed energies of the coun- which derives from the South the priscipsiceipt of Venezuelan dates to September 27. On amounted to nothing. The South would havethe18ththeCommandant,Camero,tookpossession beenaunitupontheCharlestonticket,andtheof Cumana. The Spanish steamer-ot-war Blasco oldlinewhig and American conservativesof aboriginal inhabitants at the North, on the theyleavehere,theyalsospendalargeamountduce a similar result A great party, based bery." yupon theidea that slaveryIs an evil andacrime,hasbeenorganizedintheNorthwiththe Suchisthe commercial, manufacturing declared purpose of making war upon the so- monetary convulsion which threatens the coaicial institution. The railroad jnen, the bank- try from political cause?, and such the anartti("o Garay left Laguayra for some of the Eastern Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New ground that the land belonged to the Lord aud ports, with the intention, it is supposed, of taking to bis saints, and that, as the Puritans were thesome Spanish residents on hoard for protection. Jersey, Pennsylvania and Indiana, between thatSome are of opinion that the difficulty with Spain ticket and the republican ticket, would have saints, the land of Divine right belonged towill be adjusted amicably. been at no loss as to their line of action. them. To a great extent the old spirit stillannually on the continent of Europe. There hi scarcely a country, in fact, which offers any attraction that does not benefit, more or less, by the wealth of the Cuban aristocracy.Of course it is to slave labor, and slave labor alone, that our Northern people owe the advan- tages which the presence of these rich stran- gers, and their liberal orders, confer upon our trade. If Cuba were dependent on white labor itwould bereducedtotheconditionof theBritishWestIndiaIslands,anditsplanters would be unable to gratify their love of traveland pauperism, and mob rule a n d plunder in New England and the growing Northwest all who have anything to lose, that may be «At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen last But the conflicting candidates and cliques a teveniug, a resolution was adopted calling on the Charleston brought that conventionto a revo- evoked by the Helper book. Then there is a Croton Aqueduct Department for a statement of lutiojtary explosion, and from that moment the largefloatingmass of idle,fighting,filibuster the number of water renters in each ward, the num- great Northern popular tide which had been population in our Northern cities, who fear not ber and compensation of the officers and clerks ofhave blindly allied themselves with the North-ern politicians and demagogues in this question. ter, to say nothing of other calamities, at Nor are those of New York and the Central States bare contemplation of which humanity entirely freefromthe same error. The institution dere.ofslavery lies at the foundation of society and THK OPXIU UNDER WAV AUAIK—A Rsws allItsmaterialinterestshitheSouthernStates. OFTHESECTIONS.—ThehabttufsoftheAcadsj Forself-preservationthebankersandmerchants werenotalittleastonishedtofind,onWeda there are compelled to ally themselves with the day, when a new Opera season was commence*eGcu and regard not man, and to whom nothing thedepartment,andtheirdutiesrespectively.The againstthem. Stillitwasnottoolateat Balti couldbemoreattractivethanacrusade whichcontractfortheremovalofCoentiesreef,inthe East river, was confirmed. A resolution autho-wculdgivethempossessionoftheconquered gation there—yea, one man of that delegation, lands of the rich and sunny South, whose whitesetting in towards the democracy began to turnegUation waa fomented with this view, a n d* There is not on the t urface of the globe another country which yields such rich returns for the labors ofthe agriculturist as Cuba,orwhose land owners are so wealthy as a class. The income^ derived from the sugar estates range from $5,000 to $200,000, and, as several of thesepart o f i t s trade. Instead o f their prates exchanges with the North, the Southern State wouldsend their productsdirectlyfromthatof individuals are in many instances almost re- gal in their amount No small proportion Of these incomei ore spent here, it beteg the cus- tom ofthe wealthy Cuban families to send their children to the United States to be edu-ingof the parties rlhe Golden Age,which left tional Union party Convention at Bal- ofPetertheHermitagainsttheMoslems. San Fernandos, the Montalvos, the Her- spiredtocruekit TbefalloftheUnitedStates out of employment' to starve orembarkitcans in November.To this end the nomination of' some such nagaining over numerous converts. Filled with misrepresentations about the nature audJoseph yesterday, we have edvicesfrom San Fran-cisco to the. 13th instant. The general news tional democratic Union ticket as Dickinson and effect of the Southern institution, theisunimportant. Thepoliticilcanvasswasgoingon Stephens,ofGeorgia,orBreckinridgeandLane, conditionofthenegroesandtheirtreatmentby briskly and with considerable acrimony. The or Horatio Seymour and Jefferson Davis, with- the planters, the disastrous consequences toof latitude and the absence of'frosts, therebeing mCre care and skill expended ia Louisi- ments and the great financial interests repre- in value. Bat i t ought t o b e recollected thethese staples from the Northern State?, tat boththeblack and white races attikeSouth, cated,and topassthemselvesa portionof the pg States. TbeNorthern banksfeltitspower, widespread ruin mustensue. Our merchtsnspeechesofSenatorGwinandiien.UcPoogalweremarked by violent personal abase of each other, whatever, would have sufficed to lead the de-andtherewassome probabilityof ahostilemeet- Imooraoy to victory. Thesocalled const!tu• Helper'sbookhas operatedlikethepreaching names of the Alfonsoe, the Aldamas, the totberuinthattriumphwouldentail,theycon-out the entangling abstractions of any platformyear at our Northern watering places. The and were avaricious of its profits; and, -blind and manufacturers would either become but • and the evil inflicted upon the country at large, rupt or selloff, and millions would be tbroiimatethesumannuallyexpendedbyCubans aud drive out the impious slaveowners, than in this country at $5,000,000 we, should not berighttogoandtakepossessionoftatSouth,had their pilgrim ancestorstodispossessthe far from thetruth. Besides thepumswhichexists in the North, and it was successfullypected to follow in the train offinanciald'without imposing upon their governments theStrakcsCh, who, it soon appeared, was onlysential to its comfort.her resources increase, it is something to learn from the figures just quoted that her ability terevolution la the popular vote which is per- land, more especially New York. These phi- see that lis withdrawal, under all th e circumstance of was held at Tammany, and as soon as the effect And if the general disposition &>the case, could not fall to rcduw the vote upon the Unionlosophers manage to mix up politteel matters In electoral ticket many thousands When understood a s nominations were made the lights were put out up a row which seems to prevail abouttheir State, and just before election come toNew York with a pitiful story about the condi- te the solution? The disruption of the tion of affairs, and thereby succeed in carryingfectly astounding, aad which completely does 1abeve, my positionto toe tab*subjeot of criticism. 81a mely yours, ., p. S DICKINSON.off quite a pile-enough to keep them in linen s two factions against eachother, each, andsoforthuntilthenext election, They sel-1 otker, playing into the bands dom do anything until after they have boeu with his position as a bono./We Union man. W ecer ! Distinctly, nothing but dissensionN of the absorp-P-of swob.t^JCITTM*"resto before election; but no sooner do they find de>.; U thefriendsof Breckinridge could agree Office, all claiming to belong to the same party. gad probably to let Douglas alone, and trice vtraa, and direct The course they are pursuing is a fair specimen The count) y may,their way to Washington than they commence their combined efforts against Lincoln, they of the tricks and cheating of the politicians, and worry through its difficulties;confidence of the here and filled their purses, when they go mnst, however, adhere to the opinion that inI it believes will virtuous people. They always seam to have a broadside, new and then, against Douglas, Mr.other's eyes, all round among the democracy-harbinger to the great political •sawA s t h e demands uponter o fLincoln and their blind and reckless followers are hurrying the South to afinancialpanic and revulsion exactly similar t o that of 18U7, but which will be far more blasting in its effects. Northern credit and Northern trade willfindIt impossible to stand against the coming storm, and all will go down before i t The South will be forced to make immense sacrifices for self-"between publicdays." In to loeethej Southernskies. ThusSeward,imes extends to the votaries of Apollo, We are free to admit that tins explanation of vanished for fear there would be any opposi- can we expect from the politicians, whoisourexplanation; particularloveforMewYorkaitallitsInte- Dickinson,likeMr.Brads,iswastinghispow- Thereareaboutfourcandidatesforevery whichIssoontosweepevertheto abuse everything to oar interest, and seemUntitled Documentto pride themselves in denouncing those whowould at least command the respect of the b complete!j disgusting the public They enemy;butotherwisethere*U1beverjlittle oughttohoi*ainventionatSingSingorjhewill become of the operatic rebels ts s6*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069~*Li.^ i~ *u«. *--»— -»--*.-_.« 4Sj,fc^ tW>liMial o rof *www.fultonhistory.comsB>7wsw«»>m<-B«fTa. - . WafiTMFa*tla**»»ld snake as good *,!«>.said, in generalterms,to have increased in geo- and they will come to us in aU their terrors, t, metrical progression. Every one who remem- they did ia 1837.money or foreign goods in return, and the ef- gle. ItwasamongtheStatebanksofNew fectontheNorthwouldbeworsethanifCatjust as they are combining now, for the strug-fornia were to sink into the PacM: Ocea. found his strongest allies against Nick Biddle Upon the cotton, tobacco, sugar and rice of tatand his monster Institution. The greatest field Southern States the commercial andmanufa- of operations of the United States Bank waa in turing interests of the North depend. Dir«York and New England that General Jacksonthe South, and particularly In the cotton-grow-ers, the merchants and all the industrial classesaDdteteeres«elnIw1»oruon ae tbe be** ofis producing a commercialpanics at the South tor three or lour years be- fore 1887 prosuoed that eisaoku- coUTaJtUm which swept over tb« whole eeaetry Ik*t dd.MatanzasYork th efidence. They put no more trust in the 0| managers than in the brokers or the poll and the Opera House was almost deserted then tbe Prince of Wales appeared on the zon and the operatic skies brightened. whole concern engaged in a grand perfoiat Philadelphia, and after that tremendous collapsed. ''Tbe fascinating Colson. the voiced Brignoli, the impressive Ferri and ponderous Susini maretr&iled themselvesascertained.Italian company at the Academy,«•*«Jast now ean„loe. of Cert Formes, waa has seeds »s ^ ^mm* 'mmmm* * * * *,31 9*'•••:M  