.Tb;JMiC9«fWales and suite left St. Louis by was then regarded as a great concession by a material initiation. the recent educa- Amongrevelation and has jt.-^o:SSB<i<«*-« _-~ilXNi OUuir) Meiinra, in ample ttme forWee ef the paper, In a atout wrapper,was penetrating into the rich prairies of Indi-were settled in equal degree, and prepared to take their places in the Union. With equal celerity, Arkansas, Florida and Texas wereof the Mediterranean, with a territory almostment, while its merchants retain full liberty oftraffic in all the ports of the ^mpire. To renderThere are to be two lines running respectivelybetween Havre and New-York, and Havre andcheered him, adding^ lfcrt»**««^tt, wMch »mUs fat hjt- ,.iana and Illinois, four Southern States, Ala-aa" and " Little . Pirn.';.BnAU»-A Sioi Fas il^fil^ttjr- TEDUTSE~Thi Wisoir't ViciH—Lissa,r.OiOiMisl^ manyafaahls tiours, moeh to tlw 'dtsappatotpasat ofTBXATBE-Jrnbarren soil,called to'AiSajrOBIff—He. ail-W>aM«rt rui Saiubt- :»OagAMtraM' being,fEtt^Minsociety, thoughlo9ated-ppv^m^^^m^^^.mmfmmnBimffm""mil^fH *l floTmAa fioi^Tu lauH Tiais.MW'BGWIRT-JhansBurcf-HAUTAUHJMnMPMHTIfAHOTawiandlTMdn«-^o- gratingtidehasconstantlyincreased,untilitnow sweeps everytliing before it.For the first two and a half centuries ofofmust involve the overtlirow of the Tartar su-.aided as it is by the warfarethe Tai-Ping,KEWS OP THE DAY.uponwithout an effort at their restoration. But a variety of causes have conspired to compel acompetitorsthe Adriatic and the Illinois, the former one ofnered, ungainly, and dreasd ia tlie moat taarkiid wretclied ta^^te.Miss OaoasaacE, dster of Boa. Mr. OaeasaaoSrSx-Gofvanillient of the United States is now earnestlyilalliBiliiinl to prereDt the inteifnenc^ of 'Spain in willing partwiththem. Theseroadshaveto ^MaiUta of Kezka This hope we fear will not at the sametime made it desirable andmrttttii b-in power. Tken does not seem to l>e;nAthrough a rose-colored medium. Already, say seem to have shown sufficient signs of alnica-a moment which demonstrates this fact, to of ly, eyesKsaxOH fiKtion ia Hsiico. A rumor was current that two lane Bpanidi war steamers were to be boBtinaaemtafykiIfew-Tork.:already.it sends at mediation to^ave the threatened city would extended The American competition.St. John's Church In theBlah.and the Improved facilities of travel, the emi-^hlningpractical action, the French keep in mind the interests of science.indicated is hardly sufficient to found very san-guine expectation of* profit from an extensionImnm Fan.»«K?L«T*OAMPBm.'B.ITIMa^Saleen-^Kiorus Slaveryinthiscountry,it wasaninseparableThe inter- Seeing that it is only a quarter of a century ests of tmrestricted trade, of religion, andofthe means the firstof Dur- transportation.FlIACK-gjUtPEHS—A»aai«iiffor which the rose while he cmsaed the panioette, and the baad the -business, so far played the national anthem. He h»tw.^ ^gg^ wtfli and that a battle between them and the na- of the present rebellion becoming the succes- as the steamers are concerned, was conduct- the wife of the proprietor of the fhesire. Mis. n>s.c^ntcact,TflMpg ateam communication l>etween Kingston ment, when its politicians look upon it as onthe brink of ruin, by the overthrow of a favor- mOBB of August, had beeo intensely hot, had ite political dogma.makesbut littleprogress.European popu- public observe less neatness and purity in theexceeds probablyand Sew-Toik. The health of Jamaica waspntttT goedand fiie weather, which, daring thewhen Rev. Mr. GossAansermon on the Natural Obduracy of the Human Heart.-rWt iflWf twy ipitwftil minii:-,'i96r'MMk. tteuuu Kamgtxoo, Cspt Bkooks, liJUfeb Mt OB Batarday Sn Lirerpool, with 32tion has given only one French family to every why. If suspicions relative to the increase of eitherpreached a very impreasiva'in the laws ofin so Republicans wiU be under the necessity ofwable to do:icompaiaBnk giagainsthim for twoIn Uie rear 1780.dmii<^to affect the result, or else he is pretty well M.,anfl'diDedwithB. B. IiiiimAiaKent^icltj Central Bailroad. AF*liishtJie atcorresponding periodyear.';te|DdeiI grand'Hiii,.system.igs of the great Carolinian on this point, asan ball at Pike's Opera-house,'araa get "To thewhich thei iiThesense of the South then treated the warn-any tta^Foaicn CoawnHtee have decided to hold a qtiart^r.Northern man everfrom thatthat seem almost like im-Miueul.gets great changesarated by contrasts —TBI oicoKATioaa ow tar acinixr.iiiniiiii Im of hold for theay a private speculation, and as such,to be a 6ilure. To-^lay die Boyal the crotchets of aandand he, therefore, appreciates more.the number of profound legal knowledge,greatjudicialmaaa ratification meeting on Monday evening emigration and colonization of both North and^ftkt charms of our dear:next.Senator SswaU), passing through St. Joseph,language,of civilization prove sufficiently potentandwetrust theybe* aa oeeaston as tlie bal' I '"imftfl WM* Awaltee. He will leave ttus mom-ihe will deliver an address present;tochildren perish of an impure and enervatinga eimnnatances,and ciouswhere agriculture, industry and commerce with the idea that the foreigners, whom they can we believe, judging by past experience,J^^arc striving to {dant civilization in the paththat the presence of a large American squad-the Burnet House, whsrs they oeq^matign witliin the last few [i3Wkfl<VlWlt>iii ilnigBMl fsrebea- seemed to be unlimited. Eetatncigr u>d Ten- nationalchievous idea.It U true that some show of justification foramaay.pleteeCed soils. The South was never sopresent,tive for protectionFollowedthe same crowd had jiiioeuiiuaciug the legal subsidy, for estab- erfnl,<and prosperous, aa at the present mo-Thelation of the whole colony scarcelyago,have had leave to retire from office.lost his interest in the pending election. Heare for the Unloh.of French scMiera have won their crosses,policythan toimpress the insurgentscannot indorse onrnormanufactures, the Northern popniatiOn only homes in the far West -In the Infancy of a for'freelikethaiofNewEngland,thesurpluspopula- theprac- would not have t>een worth the trouble and expense. Everything which the farms iirthe vicinity ofticable toimprovefiirms whichformierlydoubt noar t^t*^-'" will do all in her pow-fg^ e*aa to poalUw interventioo, to support the the railroads produce can now be sent to they, producestobacco which is smoked bleto authorize a belief ttiat an effortthe Roval guests Vast eveoiiig.most inopportune for the inauguration more This has been an eiOoyable day. ^Ite Prtaee wtat,market, and manures may be obtained in re-shipping now on the route is more than able to trans-tocompanied and followedmoraiac, praeadei, ac-It will not be denied by candid men that the Southern Democracy, twelve years ago, occu-forty-five square miles of arable landButdespairsbeinganythingSovereignty, which was taken by Judge Doug-draining dykes and telegraphs, have risen into active being wherever her army Xnow thattlie of functionary especial duty thto^piportantthe mines, and ride down a coal sttde.Hon. JoBir A Pooai, of Portland, liad an Interviewwriting^ He will not be with tbe Duke of Newcastle and Lord Lniire to-day,very judiciously. and them to let the Prince remain inurged FortUadseveral but tbe deeisloa— days, vns, that he ecaikl re-Iheeventog schoola of this City will be opened die Slavery propagandists, and hence Mr.^hichspectacleand, indeed, M^erever the duration of theirpower permitted their native genius to sliow eager for economy, waits without complainttte ysaing, and it ia hoped that parants and others !persons under their care, who cannot at-provecleanly than they were last Spring; and as Bev. Mr. BlxoBia and Jakis T. Bbadt,purpleofa delicately , j„„,^ j_.aeaoM during the will afford them day,Skw/sd.is an absurdity if^q., are bothTo make addresses, it will have cial attractiveness even beyond the circle of thoseevery flipwint to attend in the evening. Thelilies of Kew-York to so Ktaf aad wWMWaiy a iu the violaUonof their eObrts to pleaae. Intheiaaam-•ob ace fi«e to itH, free of charge."*Poptilar Sovereignty"it be claimed aa a constitntional right, but as••to learn whether the fact to to be attended by who have hitherto interestedthe emincTM2»^ at 7 y IWJ.Mr. and Mrs. child andC.Rochette;UMeiflneand Ha*elthie>.an interestingof arms.the Spantoh. Mteiatar,.aad: thto new draaon- stratibn at Havana, aU point to the same de-sign,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Rw-jaaasT.'"toC Onr and Terminer will open thisUSKABAH presiding, for the firstiqriacatioa. The calendar is saidother than merely disagreeable consequences. The figures of the Inspector prove the conse-themselves a full attendance.the contrasts of colors tlis a waitkpawahst""^apractical'noi)ebs -moment, but still faiH^ar lasfrom every Territory at present belonging toeconomist cannot but wide openthat the number of the.Longworth daughter.TV aAVRll It: fhmieter. ~and too wise to re<^mmend measures oflTensive toCurorNcv-ToK,Tharsasy,Sept.27, undentand Hw programme,the vacation, have been fltnrH rliwiw illllt iHfl flatuniaT aAemoOn, aftermeasures, find many strong supporters in thatwill bewhichregion, tiona Numidian, Carthaginian, and Bo- health at the lowest; dnring v«cr,«aoUtaMTa&— and ofla"""^*^ «G.»*•.»1.L^"J-AsAiBsi]is confirmation of Ae news that the or-W. B.Frank JosephS.SUvar.Central, tiVf; Ms,4U. Money in good de-readingfresh, hewillMexico.— C.I. (Crauch.r««pmidtog,occaiionthe Court a( Gen-dy- Perhaps, when the exi-CIIfCimfATI. .Mr.*Mrs.W.S.Caldwell.I**'- our expected bewithusaSaaiv-in his latest, and to them most offensiveappaient.perhaps,millions of the children of the Semitic stockgiveveryadvantage uponsoMr. Calhouk,and hence the readiness with which—willdueto thejust and im-daughters Importantagainst the Intention of the Committee upon Decora- tions to make green the uiUversai color of the apart-the female countenance aiaDocoLAS has come to be regarded as almost asInimical to the South as Mr. "For the Mie of savins a few doUajs, I do mo* sla-fact it win be all-sufflcient, under the patronage and with the support of a Re-project.anticipate PerMBBl.that purple.in asight securingwhpit Ha gu' tUb mjforesawweightUnder no circumstances should they permit the office to fail into unworthy hands.— TheWoman'sLibbart. Itwillbeseenby•»«•,T iJdoJj<i,||i>im»l1l.tm»mn4a half vat,iMatmii accrafaiear fut^' tnm mptfvea "of .'r^tt^ppB, and The Frendi amwiw has been paying • |S,612,2M ; Oiia year tt i» tkree mifit^ paTfty frtpa a desire to regain her •ermtiTB mca of Sew-Toric would give Um a viaUtohia Colony in Algeria. If he carried txxteenttu mUla, the agpegate requbed being atlindtng aa aa Ameiicaa Power. Oor oor- moat cordial weleome." Thl8fa>robtWytnie. ont hia programme he arrived jost at $6,440,640. The iacreaae to dne to th« leaponaaBt at Yaia Cms batatnm aa of tha Tbtn isnodiflbrence of aaitiiaentontliUmk- the time of tlie great Fair, when the dmonnt levied for the payment of Canal debts, additioBB Oiat have been receaQyaMde to the ject ia New-York, or elsewhere at a»H«t^ streets are enUvened with bH the cos- and to occasioned by the very large fiiUing olT American squadron in the GoK aat laMgem There are in this city a great nMqr nen who tomes of the coimtry—the Arab in his in the Canal revenues of tost year. New-York in the hope that the Administratioo ia deter-wniii^ «o H^ ttij^ the-BteBttoB of Lacoouiare as thoroughly i»o-'Ua^^eij'in all flicb i^if- boumous aiid bare legs, ataDcing along bead City to to pay for SUte purposes 12,108,636— ions,—^who would go as ftt in adToeatlng and shoulders taller than the round-hatted an increase of $776,277 over last year.mined to prevent any European interference iathe internal aflairs of the neighboring Bepab- .The Prince andlic. It is eaniestly to be hoped that thto ex- wmtng. Ineonsesaeasaira ft«l(UtnlaSonthem inteieata ad yield as maehtoeoa- Frenchmen ; veOed females in their white The ChinesecUiateSoiriheni ftyer, aa Mr. TAVon ortbe gauzy envelopes and now and then, amid the ;KebeUion and the AUies.i «»win Tie realized, and that Spidn wiU ran off the ttatk, Ihtf ««la--*taiM «Mw ^^mn.-bodywimU jaatify aeeeaaiiM, or who would anstain(now iiy many layerstinct races,) and just distinguishable from the Arabs by his leathern apron and his sandals.success, after a longis within its reach-eign policy and demonstrations, under the ex-pas 8p«tbtf& State in witlidrawing from theUnion. Our people, of all parties, and nnder In touching a soil whereon two generations enemybut ttiere could be no moreteadered the injudi- isting regime, are such mere -shams that-^e consequesee of the 1as large as the mother country itself.fatis'll^ TiwlUUeioaes«« the Post-office at bama, Mississippi, Louisiana and Missouri The is of outside of military success consistent with this commer- Martinique. The project has received the of tbe Roy&I hand,, certain'^mif tat mailing, 8 centa a eopf. Agents aenS in their oidara as early a« poaaiWe.willble, and even highly probable, that were the rebels moving towards' Peking by an inland route, the wisdom of encouraging rather thantheir march woidd be obstructing recognized.But the trade of Shanghai is valuable, and the merchants timid, and previous experience hasthe of thesigned charge forming Companyto the coTtege was frequentlythe responsible hands of Messrs. Pekiebk, thf gatherings of people, who'-ASTEKTIS^UtS.;Medltenanean against competition fromotherB^toAlBth»eractng.py.was alinost deserted. Trade ceased forto liuimwIWnIn I"it Oem nnder thalr appro- -*» 'J*a Srvataf.Tunis.amWgexpansion has been exactly the reverse of cur on the coast of Gibraltar,") tlie growth of former vtoit of the rebels, in 1853, the townT*occupiedten years, if we take into view the greatlythe Tim aeaMR^blr earlier hoar than heretofore, an< moatnations, which has been stated broadly as apolicy, (and evep the able and eidightenedMuch of the freshhas received to due'towhich theto the to be the Prince vruto piesa at a gMMtlawnmatohand tn Oelr aftleea beforei|«M1^impetus 'i^hat'project ilheiicc thought'''5V^ ancompelled 'tostock in the older Slave- States, lias visibly slackened when comparedMmm 'JAABianrorUSlC--8ioiua>tliis. First taking deep root in the soil, byAlgeria Aimishes new data for the jteience of Sociology, stm so imperfectly understood.flABBPi—HAinit.A^Ul KKEtnCS THEATSK-Aiuaa Aaooa.monthsSjiecieSpecie t9,117,700ItqttMWl|m» aiKDJP^-tM B»aA»aaB.empirefullywho loseputaugmented parentwith that If recelTed later than this, enumerated.of their elder sisters abovebut their progress, during the lastthoughtPrince—wiien, where and how tl^{tion must be small ;population, the influx of foreign immigration and proof of how constantly, in their$^pera Hooae. It wis abut, with the growth ofreally exhausts the subject, and affords a newFreight fr<im Havre, (tons).It must be confessed thespecimensKB^eo^and'Tegardatlua aa an indication that the The construction of railroads has rendered|the is of moment to know the actual progress power, is therefore a serious misfortunethe most and spaciousOui ooiKqJODdeiit at Vers Cruz, annoimees the, tuneaae of die Awiwricati aqoyuiron in the Gulf ofof this rudelands more valnat^, and their owners are lessby.reigningAny unfriendly actionincurably jealous.popularofsteamsliips;^— aa as Uie Admin- be realised at least long presentchangesystemIttowarJ* thisthe last named comparing well in and spaft^Congress,belle of flie e»«Bl»g.of cultivation.Membervras thequestion worthy studyFrance also ; for, without viewing the long line of African sea-board in the hands of the.French as bearing on the shattlag np of thecial activity is the difficulty. It is quite p^si- sanction of the Govenmient, which has as- t>y the leg and violentlyand social deductions.also, this material is brought ready to hand inseveralpoliticalHappily,of vastprospective advantages-improvement2,6368,153thus— Exploration Scientifiquein thusFor the success of the European enterprise,essentiaUy repugnantgeniusof theirFrance has done wonderful things in Africa;in a special train for Pittsburgh, where he will stopl(4p^^acaad. No lesa than twenty-kna t» be divosed of; besides publican Administration, to exclude Slavery terial and industrial forces, and the Imperial and we hope to see the number of streettheUnion. Mr.LincouiwinbetooThe trial term of the the South, for the exclusion of Slavery from ofW.J.rBaiVABD wi3 preside, and 'horizonsAlgerianprogress.ThesoilHsstobetransactedisriaoopensto-day. The theTerritories,whenotherto recall the bantohed ma- Henry W. McCime.J.C.Kane. SOLIA.W. B. Heyward. i SASTXI.ArthOr Blake. wognn.CCChadwlckand liuidly. John W. Orlgg.wife.gueit,"Bi»oa-taw«r,;wmIn that eveat, iWbnld respectfully «««»«'«""'« >««*« the bitaliiess throughThe Senate or three years to come, and this, of itself, will be a good reason for not pressing the importanee of territorialman, and Vandal, and Byzantine Greek. If hisofLivr and Pbocopits berecaU to mind that those vast Numidian phtinsfigures.SpAirisB PaEPAkATiONSGeorge Barlow. D. 6. Mason.ly WnSia IV., tlien \'^°b,^''will accomplish the same result.Bndcen.-«J^!.*TM?"*i°'>» in Floor were l^as eitensive, legislation if he were otherwise disposed to mountain sides were clad with vines. Why ganizationSSpJt^''.,''"^ '""yeTM- Wheat was in good re- do so. It is fair to assnme, therefore, that Mr.cent., fion theExchangeThere1h. and Mrs. A. pointthattime RobertW.Halsted.SimonHackes. cert^nly good Juwb Gutmaim.Se^^ loU were firm. CAn i~a tr''""'l«S|^.?SS..^should notfor Mexico orKontalaat."demand,at Pricas. Pro- previousStiviaoa.'Pial^ kuKT *«mBapaBd«itoftheCharlestonthat Mr. TAWI.T wlU— Statx Taiatios. WeSf.'Sw BaSnYork, because no"together with the valuation upon which it willW. B.and tg its accoHtpliebaieat Spaiaie wged )(t,andMn.J«w«U.""^ ?lL^^^"""^Thorn.partT r^ir.> to dine wKh Loni8w«88iO!,._The New YorkThe presence ofprobably not viau New podltical party is wiUine toright direction. He may well surmise ttiatMr. win endeavor to make friends in LiNcouiquiredfor Statepurposesfor thepresent year,Wm.I>elSTSAOirSS. W, P. Dowaer.SLIK'S rAU«. G. O. Soilth.becomehisiponsor." Ifhe"wouldUaiatHartley^*^tiieSe 5Ui,LwcoLHwilldonothingatwhichreasonabledestinednot,K.S.Geo. W. llwHa.Bases,thS?^iS^Ate'^'''^'°"««l oSsw«e ra- Pit>-Sbivery men can take offence. The men, and the cities which could thrive under onlythe modera-wIatttoniB ft Kepublican Administration, aadletter we potdiahed the other day, has gone tothe itotofthematter,andwehazardlittleapprehendedconsequencesofMr.* UnJ.C. Mr. and J. F. Mrs.Mr. i^^bs. UMHtqaes. Hiss M. M. Thorn. MlMSlisaHMviia >0rSAM. George A. Jaekaon C. C. Colaman.very large Span-theactionof F.E.GwiMt. HaicnsBlair.the RovaJonly be the South, and that he will ^iwceed.he asaesied. Last year the assessment wasjusting may be dimintohed.andA. J. Clark.his experimental Hi. a Mrs. F.A.Custmian.whosetethus Indicated.'^5i .^A letter to tha.*HMa^Ua ftuaaam; ss« oThPKtwlU bam ball la hoaor of the rilaosw»S\7ttoWhit.Hoaie.Tb.,PMBiat«.i.astronglydevelopmentquencesonly disagreeable;oncewavedcropsofgrain,andtheiParmeeinHava- JamesD.Davis.Mr. and Mrs. Milderberger Wm. J. Lerala.of a Afercurvaavs in predicting that Ids fears- have talfen the table concerning the amount of taxation re- ish fleet in the Qulf Mexico,^t S2^ l*?**tonrtleaaieaU^«aa»»erabootthaareturnwhichcontradictedof "the Moorish domination in Spain, metic tothethe streets to be less self is one of special mterest and importance liM^/purple drab colw.byitselfNapoleon's visit cannot but be a capitalevent for Algeria. The bent of his mind isemphaticallytowards theof the ma-andwidening weepersincreased,!diseaseor of specific maladies, ob-To-morrow, at 7 o'clock A.the PrlBce-eriMp^oM MB steerage passengers. She carried pied the identical ground, in regard to Popular cities and military roads'and bridges and vast by an appeal to these reports. It is, in fact, worse. But for his interference, the Demo- at the Monongahela Houses visit the fisctories, enter<iiittU7,MI in specie. The Bremen screw-staamerMr^Ktn, Cspt. WasaBLa, left same day, for Bremen^,wii Southampton, with ISO pasaengera. and $580,-1$t in ipitcie. The ateamahm Ailamtic haa been utterance. The Southern wing of the party warfare is over, transformed into an immense to society, that instead of society being con- letterlasto supervise matters of so immediate concern aad^lO'BnfOeedtiie Afriaricand sail from this industry) tent to wait for the usual quarterly or annu^ disturbed.jjBSt Mr,B«lTMlii, JIOT. IT. Cant. A.G. GKATwill Presidency, not in spite of. but in consequence has labored with success to give the indige- statements, which are alone required of the of ills famous Nicholson letter. That letter nous Arabs a higher inteUectual as well as other City Departments, it demands its weeklyaddedto tlw assi liim forBonthampton andHavre, accepted Gen. Cass as its candidate for the battalion of advances. So, too, shehisThe Ofhce op Recorder. Judge Eomosds, main in that City but seven hours, in wideh Uae they it will be seen, declines the Republican nomi- could do whatever they pleased with Urn. So he will and nation for Recorder, mainly from an apprehen- receive callers, lunch, drive, see aoldiers, aad look at 4ar morning bavlng been delayed b} a freight that its author was made the standard-bearer Naval School, and the Medical School of Al- salutary, to be derived from these reports, that sion that he would be elected, and firom a Sremen from 12 o'clock noon until 7 in tlie evening,wfaSalxata at 9 o^cloek on Friday morning, and Northern man to Slavery, and the result was tional foundations are the Arabic College, the arrived bdlMhiaat} at about 1^ o'clock on Satur-Of theinstruction,at oncesanitaryt|Bn aC! Ae track upwards of four hours. At every of the party. The concession of " Popular giers, whose returns show an astonishing suc- of the present week affords an example. We conviction that he would not remain in office at which hour he will leave the United States, and^rfsihr^ on tiie route dbowds were collected, and was thencneered aa the traln\i8S8ed, and a considerable Sovereignty,"anmberwelcomed'himmCincinnati,notwithstand- lenttotheconcessionofSlavery. Nobody whichdistinguishedtheArabicraceatthe ratioofdeathstoratherontheincrease—not whichhedeemsdesirable. Hislettercon- ThePrincegave9100totheservantsoftbeBurnet ing the lateness of theL^hour. On Saturday his except Mr. Calhocn, North or South, dreamed time when Aticknna and Avkkbhoks were^^hness drove about city, accompanied bythe and others, andAui^tra Various of that Slavery would be voted out of a Territory rendering he^^ school of science illustrious thepracticalcommon brilliantdevelopment.dreamer, and theport sonth^of Mason's and Dixon's lineonly by comparison with the figures of thetains suggestions on tlito subject wtiich de- House, this evening. -• HOWARD.regardedasequiva- cess, and provethat those scientific to make the reforms in the Court vacation being over, go tiack to schooL aptitudes are surprised, for instance, to notice that the long enoughserve attention. He considers the office themost important^udicial office in the country, andveryjustlyinstotsthatit shouldbe filledby none bVt men of unapproachable integrity,Weregret exceedinglythatJudgeEomosds should have felt constrained to decline tlitoBut theSouth, above described, had not then become be tiie ultimate effect on those two and a-half nomena. But all the sources of malaria are making another selectionPRINCE AND THETHE PHILASELPHUN8.PatuMiniA,Sept»,18MLItisstaledthatacommitteeofonehundredcittxeaahave made arrangements for a grand operatic enter-tainment in honor of the Prince of Wales, to ooitie offon the of the lOlh October. Tlis entire com- eveningHayor placesnote, aser which be visited i village oi Clifton, by the people, where there was the least foot- world over, are still susceptible of the samepreceding week, but with reference tothose ofconflict and occurred,exliaasting straggle, But our measores of for-;IL B.indeed the Europeans returned to the city without encountering theBovuB,vrtiaawt oii loMlingsince Algeria fell into the hands of the French, of civilization generally, strengthen the hope statistics aref)eriod given,incident of the system, if not a law of its tives was fought near the capital only five sor of the expiring dynasty thus ;There were, perhaps, one boiidrydand walMreMBdyeo-enthroning ed thethe best lands, wear them by Arago and Fulton,nary development of this province evidencedthose means of intercoutse, of which the-of its agriculture and manu-thefactures produced at the Paris Exhibition.Princes are sotruism;hnniilltllUss iif "•"'tllriof choosetocaUyoungerbrethren,arehostiletoto .IM "TiUHdMn Biw The characteristics of Northern and 8ou^- conquest, Napolxom is doubtless impelled by their revolutionary enterprise, and this abor- ron in the Gulf of Mexico will excite in the he second floor of the soaaBMtsnvrUg." '*?TheNorthawlBoath.em Society appear to iutve nndergone a com- the desire to view at first hand the extraordi- tive movement wiU give currency to that mis- Spantoh mind any great alarm, or be any ob-carriagts.'aatiitranaftiFiior to 1860, the expansive force of the Southstacle programme-yeans.nary development of Ids African possessions. The question. Algerienne, of idl problems of herto the accomplishment of tiie Spanish *^At no other ifUteiimfso tlHwougMy iitUaled latpresent imperial visit wiU add stUl farther toj^is'JBanM ta^ttaB patten dcyi, w<U be while the slow cnrrent of Northern emigration this New France rising on the southern shore ing ito luwtUe operations against the govern- steamers to on the high road to realization. 11. A vastcrowdiMdhasplace in the mind of the French nationpolicy,longcause ofdynasty, to not waitting. These wars in ChinaTrahsATLAHTic STEAMERS.papers contain an announcement that the long.fiUed the foremast thus fighting armies engaged in the common—Uma as beie. Terterdaythedegradinganddtoplacing the actualMo^K^ThoHavreneMee were settled and formed into Statesyears before Ohio Iiad acquired the requisitepoptdation for admission into the Union ; and the interest with whirch Frenchmen look to present the anomaly of an invading power urg- contemplated scheme of French Transatlantic be waa.stttl ftift faimfn'i:tl»eIfqwi but having I)eea tiifA. flit:writers in the Revue des Deux VoitSirs elabo-rately canvass the capabilities of the French the near af^|||HtCh of the long-haired warriors, tween Havre and thto port. The figures fur- then went to the couBtry-aeatof Mr. ^nrxaa;!p^icports in .^eria to support the French fleets not onlyIn the meantime the course of Northern in " naval contests which must hereafter oc- mass of the Chinese inhabitants. Upon the follows.of farms, and thethebuilding of cities, devoted to commerce and Those whoplantingimprovingand confidence has not even yet i)een It was doubtless the desire to a recurrence ef this disastrous period, that has prompted the measures of the Allies,particularly byPrhioe, whose aadnawterand— restored.thecal MechanicB Is a dlsttagatabsd trait In Us csee how anup, by what throes a new people come$ intoList from New-York Freightfrom Havre, (tons)FIB8T BIX HOICTBB OF 1860. Pa?eengers from Havre. ..,^ouldthrows off its surplus swarms, which seek the world, will find here invaluable material preventis builtproved hcfll universal to theproduced byencouraging aspectbythe venerablepnlate far over aatewrising ;literature on Algeria, view everything Algerian hai be so momentous a need, the rebels each vessel than heretoforeiton the Boulevards of Paris olives to the table of the'Emperorfeelingof-race. Atrich, pow- colonist is thriving and in health, colonization of every-day practical concern. If the curious If he had done this three montlisa momentaryand the elevation of a dif- eventualpremacy,ferent race to imperial influence.comfort withmade, and whether it is_a normal growth or and nothing can be more blameworthy Very evidently the traffic, which sofarjispas- only a forced exotic. than the attempt of the Allies to pro- -sengers bound to Europe is concerned, has The French, who have written a wliole voke a.-'Allision. If the safety of Shang- declined, must be far less remunerative to:soon it ishave beensuccessful,and thenecessityofa vastoesilun ofturn. HerearepositivecausesforretainingOor coineqiaBdat at Havana, writing on the the populations of the 'older States at home to supply Lyons with silk, and Manchester more energetic steps iflight have been obvia- act the bnsiness, and in the new conunercial seers. Bishop McUvAnn ofBdatad, aided kyttieaMeanwhile, confining ourselves ted. As it is, the trust that the failure of thelaitfatmt, EsalsosiaeaarefidiKof late Hezi- while the settlement x>f the new States, and to figures, the exports of Algeria (chiefly the belligerent expedition wiU remove any nn- to do so with increased profit. Possibly, the mon from tbe ninth verse of the seventh chapter of; Mtknltnliaasmitea VarMy at intereanng news with cotton!oil France andwill be enabled other elergjrmen. He preadied a aitul ser- very poogi wttW^Buet. Foot American seamen are nowta HA HsnnM prison, charged wiUi mutiny and sequence of the rise in their staple products,policymay ParisianEnglandcapitaltots may yet«tterCrimea. UW\ sermoo, with a few earnest word.; of u'umlng to the profligate youp^ aad urged them fb seek eariy the stialgiit and narrow iSTEATioN.—Hon. Bev. Tuceer, our Consul at , path, the eyes of the youthful Prince wer* dimmedis not yet determined whether the men will be sent home for triaL There hadand abandon so taking.unpromising •an under- so greatly interested in a discourse as inrains indifferent of the partsformerlythe ever-receding and,intangible " West."Thus the singular anomaly is presented of^ great community being paralyzed in its expan-fcOMi iiiliiiamlj heavyisland, and it waa £eared they had caused serioustheir progress. MortalityThe OrricE-HoLDEES Desebtino thi Apmtn- Liverpool, has written a long letter, urging thedamage to plantationa. The Havana sugar martlet iaJMeB doll of late.Weteve leeeired advices from Kingston, Ja:, toincrease, then,there can be no doubt. Theand the Streets.the figures fnrntohed from weekBVXMUI, of the American bark i1 faaraifn. hadmed in a mysterious manner. His'case. r.'^OLT, of lirerpool, had obtained thedifficultyinducingthe Sill oil.— somethingto thethough every industriousa of a of180,000, and quarter century emigra- these fmitfiil tables to ascertain the reasonandous terms the course of thatin ^vingC^lit.sive power by its prosperity 'and ofitsDoyoLAS,denouncingvigor- of the,the increase in the of their lands, in con- pricethe demonstration amounted, in 1853, to 30,000,000 francs; IB have made in the minds of the insurgent 1855, they reached the figure of 150,000,000 leaders, is all there to to sympathizers withfrancs—more than quadrupling in two years. That the productions of Algeria are on thehave lessened thefact,which existed in the old States to remove tostrong temptationand when theBishopclosed hislosing political preeminence and prestige by the re- covery and restoration of its wasted and wilt-French tocolonizeips.vice, and thanked him for his vmds of euuosd.;to say that while they obtain less at- tention from ordinary readers than from sta- tisticians, they are nevertheless full of mattercereals, tobacco, cotton,.silk,andolivesOfavoriU>Ieimpressiondiscover this Revelations. The Prince has at no time beenmainobstaoie is thethe which seemsofllouchingto week by the City Inspector, it may be a election ofwith tears, and an audible sigh paaaed hlB*lialf«losedThe Prince, the Dnke of Neweastle aad Lord Ltosb paid their req>ee«a to the Hshop af^ the ser-generally,tain currency, they may be promptly resolveddepartsoflastturning to an adjoining column, we are struckthedeclining,is among the most interesting that come hands employed throughout the City being sagacitytheFrench are endeavoring to solve in Algeria, cleaning is steadilyethnologist,problemmanners and costume. What willit might be safe to disconnect these phe-^leacifed St. Louis at a late hour on Saturday night,-'-\iild waa escorted to Bamum's Hotel b^ a large them, but .the masses never look beyond the Arabs, Moors and Kabyles T Will the charms above freezing point as in any other, and if portant suggestions of the Judge's letter. at the Academy of Kusio, I cannot help protaatiBfthe Southern Democracy accepted the doc- wean them from nomadic life ? A vast ques-" atmosphere July, impurities Autum-ments. Its effectZmost trying, and indeed injurious.in the of lnl,fltaitnf Davsus addressed a trine of Popular Sovereignty." But the loss tion into which a variety of considerations nal air are no less fatal.uponTo those of a (iillt tallansrsHii. and on Saturday at of California and Kansas, and the almost cer-Xy. At lUs Mter {dace, the Telegnph tain loss of all the existing Territories, if left fadiRms us, fliiitjr tJuisanrt people asaembled tomust enter. Poets and historians find an the finds If, therefore, City Inspectorsangulnpus tint it producesthecomplexloiioftheof their—nomadism in theis to l>e whilst formally opened this even- person in the last stages of thejrellow janpdlce ;easy explanationhearUm. Of comae tlie aBowance osual in such ope^ to the equal competition of free and perious instincts of race a pore hypothesis, let him lay this fact to heart. The public ing by public meeting, at Bev. Dr. to the ladles who passedcases ought to be made. slave labor, has at length opened the eyes of isthe not need doesevidence of hto arith- Cbapih's Church, in Broadway. The occasion it- the tint riven bv the reflecUon of tha edorisvloiat sbadow. under the eyes, with tesUaAnd, with the fact that the business of street-politicalwejraWdi the programme original Squatter Sovereign of Michi- within the scope of his speculation. I—t is only 271, which supplies an average of twelve highly the compliment implied in hto nomina- for tbe occasion, and tbe ''VPW"it1ira of »~'^~f talpany of the New-York Academy of Maate Is eo^aged \ wide-Awake procession gan received u warm and hearty sup- the most ditttcult and complex in history to men to each Ward. If we could be tion. ent will be tbe strongest ever vrttnsMed in tUs dtfifbrnttsbuT^rjiddle interest in relation toas;betweentwosocieties establish harmony sep-iHrogfamme.passable gulfs contrasts of race, religion, ber than in the heats of the dog-days,nomination. If heperstotstlie doing, npersuadedthat foul deposits in the streets were less per-nicious to health in the co61er air of Septem-The Prince is to select theTHE PRINCE or NBW-TOBS.unhappily as active in any given temperatureforwhereonhestandsisrichwiththememorials genciesoftheelectionareover,BIr.Dilavav IsaacNewton.with thicknurse.,which were then tilleddMjhil wUl take ivhia CRiar-the lands byslavesbestiUbettertilledbyFrenchfiree-for believing that an active interven-Sa^i,TM~'yS9'>i'y of LneUey.sfflSf Sr prevMled for Cotton, Sonth Carolina Elector who is frightened the Government Salldst receive and grounds H. A. Stone u^famSy. J. F.•of^^i'^.V,'%^ thenrinci-,new illustrious resurrection under the rule ofThird Napolkob?tion, to declining powerOH, to meditated by Spain, and intervention, in thto ease, can only be accompltohed by force££Mb.°sfeiS? S;:iep»«mtednorenS*^b"ieUpublishUntitled Document.object.IndonrtnftlaitrlfHiisfii,was the ball gffeii at privatespeculation,aadassuch,afallaiB. Tktnom was beantifully decorated, ^m1 the mnsie was good The Prince and his entire suite, in plain dress, anfvad at It o'clock, and the attendants, to the number of MO^Mr. Yandib-years ago, there is something of the character a rule dtotinguished by its friendly temper to- bilt's vesseU. During' the latter period two ple In the room, while the rest were awfcpaid, UHaaa-to settleout speedily, and abandon them incontinently, of a magical improvisation in the extraordi- ward foreigners, and anxious to promote all fresh entered theto be not but fatal —beare the buried strata of the antique civiliza- ehines. We may then have cleanliness and MrB. Howard Clark.by-gonegloiy-—beneath,rangeoverrange, -maypermittedGeorgeO.Byron.P^ <«"»"ofaSpantohna, to progressing, but whether these troops areto a candetermine. Wehave'corpthere o. tl» Maf Oe- P'nn'y'^_tT::k,enlo^fr,NewcasUe, of;that the Committeespe- ranUy of true lasle and appropriate eKct ion«tetbut,wiU not act*) tao- cerely hope aspectationThe allied troops in China have been put to be and in her They were tintmjmtit^-lir itl^^^llimm. >«<-, Jews, bad in firmly steadilyopposed attempts ' " "moat nltim of tlifi ^jaOmn fire-eaters eonld crowd of Moors, Maltese and a broad-possibly desiie. Bat flwre is absolately no- shouldered-Berber, the original owner of the use, being sent to repel the advance of to crush out Mexican Liberaltom, now that 8io««»,W.8i»L»T,rwhit beBeirea that Lnrcoi.N's election soil, covered so of dis- the rebeto upon Shanghai. Fortunately noandmerce.; Joai Toiasmn, 1RcmscU Kno, Preatde^of th* Ieetabltohthe ofMika- HenryNorda aaw-oauAHB.rvi£m,uniing ^'J^'f hTcStoet vriU also, I bdiave, attendDemocraticwhich insistsPartyupon legisla- in the Territories..correspondent'shopei,sens were at ihedApet \ The Royal party tookleading baifkers of Paris. It ia enterprise wiU now proceed without delay.the to see theThe drive extendeda moretraders, but among the entire nislied as illustrating thto improvement are astalnedhe spent tome time enjoying tlie qtUet, tbe aoela^ aad the pears. The Mechanias' Instttnts Fair waa Ihor-:rmsT BIX HoifTBS or 1859.Pas"engcrs from Havre..,.*'. 1,J79 Passengers from New-York 3,900List from Havre $801JWOuthe eidilbitlon of macUnsfy, by the wkeile ptrti&t^So tired and lued op waa Ifaa Priaae tkatreturn to the hotel, he tastaafly so«gia Us no^alPassengers from New-YorkSpecie List from Havre $1,576,300 Specie List from, New-York $11,805,430any previously uftonStoveryby fullingpatieafiy during tlie servic^. Hie Princa ate his all thereturned to tliecondition of the streets, it has only to consult But our venerable President seems to have afternoon, and attended Christ's Church this evening,sattofied that hto meddling only makes matters cratic Party would probably liave been a unit.Mr. TrcKEE has chosen the time foran advertisement in another criumnIm- hto total of mortality steadily increasing, man's Librarya to be held have their^nmHrtrjnmfiMSWeList of Americaiu in Paris from 7th to the 14thbut the fairest btoide eaa siafifiliae Ik* damning eifcctii of an aseeialancy «f sWwrgissB orTourobadleBt sarviBt,TH> PBorca oa amataT. ttuEiiXoreJttuSnt-YarkTmmiIprietv of hk atteading St. Paul's Choreh.September, 1860. BIW-TOII.and family. MarM. LK.ewis Anderied.delphU;and sisters to thetoof the traffic be-ci^rdially met .aad boipUablylists-^namely,the itne.asand, evident-',principal ihe would borne therain hotel,that the Wo-squaw ;'uron the sallow it givesthe of s fiomftK^am|iilaiati>a»iHo*«»,w.T»fc»citizensThe event oftbe day, aadPm^«* aniMd at^n ^tae«a^ie^.Cniinnr i isjfcjfc.through theresidenoe of Biihoii MelLVAm, w^amooghly explored, and great In liist wasmaaliHW taofShe langtaeJ and chatted, danced and UrtBd sriatlhs s Prince In the most bewttehing manner, and iiiamitiila lyboondhimhandandfootfor"Acbciafhoor'afher'.triumph.There was no supper, and, as a whole, dadaBatlshould be ashamed of the exhibition made before tht -byptusight-Htw-Verk Wimtitin EditoriLnowing your gallantry and deaire to aet off th(thethe original Broadway) his «'«X'i^''^°S!:ftmt fliat the venerableedUce ifctotoivaaw will 'then again S.h«S^Sisld«BrsBdboM a laenaioB lathedinner, slept': www.fultonhistory.com^i MBi Mi 