 isKEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 28, 1860.-TRIPLB SHEET.xokplaceintheworld {Cbeero.) Vr Drip-.rprj-ceded%:HT£E£ST0i6 FECI WASBHCTDE was toppcrkd hy that lai^enan. Tie wbclejssb- i*a was postponed for two weeks.xovsKErrii or vm ausomc' nuTBR,jiTrT. ThemembersoftheSouthernSupremeCouacllofFree THE LITE fAPTCIES II THE fcCLF.Masons, embracing the most datauxurfned aiembers ofTHE PRINTING DISCLOSURES.AFFAIRS ON THE RIO GRANDE,*>»r SftccUtl WMkalnsttam Ocspmteh. WJ&UOKTKM, March 77,1M0.on'-nmcAX oonm.Ai3tm.fleptam >tbam arrived here USJB) morning, having leftTernCruzonthe13thnitant,onboardoneofthecan- tered steamers, ihe Miramoa, which arrived at New Or-i a few days ago. He wee present at the engagement i Captain J ar via sad the Mlramon steamers, com - I by Marin. He corroborates the statement in re-0 ppesk of financial c-fl*s as affe.-tmg thecoadaotofmsnufactuters. Some of that Cats knew two yeaif ago be carriedto a soccessrol awn* »«.! A«?I^ n that they would have to g o through a sc.-ere hoaactal umpb over their h ^ L ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ c>i«is, and one or two bosses ia Lynn made a for..ne by eluded by stating aa hi^iraTbehef U * W S ?m .^ ^the United States and the ports of Mexico in the Gulf, and postponed the subject until Friday next, when Mr. Coch- rane, of New York, will appear before the committee in behalf of this measure.•ran rreuc ruNTDw DBMIOHIRIM.There has not been thus far a scintilla of evidence beforeson Ui<.n drew a comparison between the state of Teunessee and that of New Hampshire, favorable to the enterprise and energy of the former concluding as loilows —I do not remember ever to hare bad a conversation withtbe Senator on that subject. I do not know that Ibad a conversation on that subject this SOSSIOL themselves into an artillery company, which is to be un- Greely entered the ball at this moment, and his appear-agree, and thas prevent the strike: but they would have understood each other better, and appreciated their seve- ral necessities more folly b a d a proposition t o adjust their ditrerence> hi mutual council been seasonably made, and received in a spirit of reciprocal kindness aad gooa will. But when we snail have contributed, according to our ability, to the relief of the sufiering, is there any- thing more that we can do for them What else can w e do I think we can and should encourage them to make boots ami shoes, by offering to buy them. They want work, not alms. W e all want the products of their la- bor, or soon will want them. I believe many thousandsdell's disclosures they amount to very little, as it is all In not remember, 1repeat again, to have had a conversa Uon during the present session o f Congress upon that o ra nutshell. Mr. Rice w as appointed by the Post Office any other subieci with the Senator from New Hampshire.Department to print the Post Office blanks. H e made a ceattract with Wendell to give him (Rioe).$l,00O a month as his share of the profits. After paying Rice for seven mt eight months $1,000 a monthfhe declined to pay him anything further. Rice appealed to the administration, aad urged them to compel Wendell to carry out his con tract with him, which however they declined doing. This at the whole story in regard to the implication of the Pre- Mdentfatthis matter. If Wendell had carried out his con-tract with Rice there would have been no further trouble. There to aa unusually large number of strangers in the city, including many politicians from various quarters ofthe Union.Government bonds to the amount of $100,000 were tseoed to-day by the government for the benefit of the Wyandot Indians, o f Kansas, through t h e exertions o f Judge Williams, of that Territorytake place ntxt spring at Fashion Course, l.oug Island. GSA.M-S KORTHKpRBwa ARROAII—The Executive Commit-oppressed people—oppressed not b y a n y political combination, but b y a combination of adverse cir-Advices from Ruataa to the lltfa inst. show that the ex rested that the non-slaveholder will be thenot to laboring menalone,buttoallclasses,andtothe' thuscantbewagesofthose whoremainahoemakerabe was sold out at auction during the day. and the greater wealthy citizen. He (the speaker) did not fully agree really permanently enhanced. If those who stand be-i ia regard to the transfer of Ruataa to Honduras' 0 » A m W9TRJ.T ATTORNEY A T PHllAnSXPHIA. J. i*. Vandyke, tnitad Stales District Attorney at Phila-«**hta, aa aid frtead of the President, has been rereadiest man to reduce the negro to sub- H.Crocker. Jr.. as sprinting office. The establishment*tea*sMttBto«aaaasaaajjr. rAnaTiom FOR sauasaaamThe resathlteaas aad democrat, * « , SaaataaadHouaewe do.\lor S3,ooo in city companies.jswned.Mr.MATHERS,oftbeTailors'BenevolentUnionof New head,earsaidtogsbelow tbeknees,are «wre«Z5 of Me..offered a substitute for the be did not expect the investigation to have been proceed- the altar of public opinion, and pardined him. Shall your York, was the next speaker. He wished the sympathy of wool whilst htttoUresmnblmthmeftttotlRaep. IadeadtheorderintheSouthernStates,areassembling,toP**-M,Ba nB>l TheBouseconcurredIn theSenators f"^- 'm-^""tm„ . „*"* » *was an Inspector General of the thirty thirddegree. The ceremonies will be held in one of thn ehnrcbes, and will be participated in by all the Masons now in the District-Muscle.have been in tne market, and they ware consequently obliged to sell then* shoes at a loss. This question alfceted the interests of the shoemakers ef Mew York just as much as those of Lynn, and for that reasondepartore veciteroosiy cbeertaa- a ^ J I - S r "diana of Oregon and Washington.PRTITIONS FOB *• RAHXRtnT LAW.Mr. BRIG,*, (Am) of N. Y., presented petttfons from New York, sumeroasly signed, praying for the passageef %bankrapt law.KTRANEO.tT RRTlCLATJORS.The House then proceeded to the consideration of the raised by Humphrey I T staff, oonnsel for Barret. The hill further to provide for the safety of passsngors intheCOyTBKTKDSLBCVIOM. The House Committee on Ehxrtlons heardVJBBlTIOi OF HE (10198 OP TRADE.he asked for their co-operation and material sad. (Ap- plause) What had been the result of the Btrike thus farrMass Hefting tftattUut PaaaUeaw ••WYork. ^ * An nthutiartic meeting of thehoutopahttarstf m i . — tookplace aa Monday aight»Ifihta^W?^^These mast meeting, « called by the J e n ^ m m V Z :Pinter,' Bociety for toe ^ 7 ^ 1 ^mMr.Etadyopened themtshttmanTaJ I - ?"**which be stated that it the Hsaan* r m L ' T S ? *maesmeetirg be was madeto say satahw'baiBwLr*« T TM e n t for F. T . Bhur, the contestant ef Barret.on eertsln U w points••^•i^^wa^^w^ni*^^*"TAAILOES AIDING SHraktAEEBS..—fc'-VW^JWnf^ig''•*'*•»••••—"*.^After the men had stood out one week tbe bosses said "You can go to work and we will give yon two thirds of the advance which yon demand.'' The ad vance amount- ed, ia many oases, to 100 per cent over the wages they had been recehrmg. After the strike had lasted two weeks the bosses said: "We will give you the full wages; g o tothis aoraing fromMontfacosrycase of Mr. Howard, contestant of Cooper's seat, will pro- bablysotbeacteduponbeforetheconunitteeuntil neatweek.OF«tTIOUOTOBSB.The Chairmen of the Territorial Committees of the Senate and House have had an Interview relative to theirrespect.ve duties concerning the absorption of Utah. ARKXnjUUTKBI.boats propelled In whole or part by steamMr. WifiHBtrRNR, (rep.) of DJ., urged th e importanceof the passage of tbe bill. N o remonstrance against it had come from the West, New England or the South,andtherewasnonefromanywhert except perhaps, particular localities. This bill proposnt tosub. ject ferry, tug and freight boats to examination by a local board of inspectors, bringing them within the provisions of the law of 1852. Tbe propriety of this was obvious, as some most terrible accidents have happened on ferryPeterswhoareareactmemberstojoinZ *t£.?SemuswmmMEETINGATTHECOOPERINSTITUTE,favor of the Homestead bill from citizens of New York. LA-ID FOR RAlLROADanot only of acquittal, but that the perean acquitted is ab eolutely free from blame.It had been stated through tbe publi; press, and with a good deal o f truth, that these m e n could scarcely earn three dollars a week. Notwithstand- ing that in many cases these men had to supporta n Bmlr, otmnselThe working men of New York held a large and enthu- gard te their firing the firstshot. Be also states tom>- ad- The name of Mr. Barr, instead of Mr. Sickles, boats. The provisions of the same statute extended to siastic meeting at the Cooper Institute las', evening. Tbemember of tbe society a painter would arwav.\ll figure up to $10,000 a week, and the proportion to work. This was an error. He Bjeaat ataaTR^CdaaomU facte, which have not yet been made public. should have been mentioned in m y despatch sta going steamers, limiting tbe passengers to a reasona- ble extent, and requiring the vessels to be examined by VkecemmaaderofaSpanishbriglyingatVeraCms, IJJItight concerning thetransfer ofcertain duties thelocalinspectorsfromtimetotime,inorderthattbeaftertheeapttiriagofthesbipe,wentonboard fromtheCommitteeonPublicExpenditurestoa el the ffcvaaaah, and demanded of Captain .Tarvis one select committee, relative to Mather, Melntirc, Bixby andaudience which responded to the call of the promoters of themeetingwasnotverylargeatfirst,butinthecourse oftheeveningtbecrowdassembledinthebuildinggradu- ally increased, until t h e large basement hail w a s aboutthe Lynn shoemakers would be $6,000. It was not C trthe Lynn men atone who struck for higher wages, !t*I.!Lf.* ,^ i^iT = ong eaowgh they could regabS, thao"iers. The mistake grew out of the confused manner in which bufiicess ia invariably done in the House.• o n t h e principle of RrppJy^aS demand, ir this be so, wny did it tot oeem iief the vessel*, the Marquix de Habena, and thes^Miseh subjects on board, alleging that she wasDanish property. H e w a s courteouely received b ySmptaia Jarvis, who Informed him that he had no au-thority to act in the premises. The captain of the gpanishbrigsaidhe thonldenter hisprotestagainst theactionof the United States Squadron. On reflection, however,•fter teaming all the particulars, he did sot enter hisprotect, bnt allowed the matter to pan. The commanderof a French brig lying at Vera Cruz, also addressed avery eirentrve letter to Captain Jarvis, in th e name of*m Emperor, demanding to snow by what right he bad The President has recognized tetestin Auguste Ravin Boards of Inspectors, one each at Memphis, Oregon City, had been conferred upon him in placing him to seaee these captures. His note was so impudent d'Elpheuse as Vice Consular Agent of France at Chicago; Puiucali and Galena. All things considered, tbe addi- preside over so large a body, and particularly thetional cost to tbe government aa compared with the pre- and ondignified thatCaptain Jarvis informed him be could Francisco Munos Ramonde Uoncade as Vice Consul of sent law, would not exceed 1237 per annum.L ynn, Haverhill, a n d other' placet>not oa a strike, nor did theythey d id need a protective society, an« thepamteraof tbttity tomytt tkn tmiaL^^T 5 would like to read them a few remarks made bv thin— Mr. Hale, i*nator from New Hampshire ID r^erea«Ti thelaboringclasses. His(Mr.BaVt) ajntnaa^SJ! with them, and he hoped they wtnld^cmmSTS nana until a* large wages aa ia consistent with the manaraTni the country were paid into tae hanoaof timt wbaiJt He not on 1> sympathized with them h e gloried ia * e n 7 (Applause.) in conclusion. Mr. Ready mid that TaL painters wished to be Independent, if they wiahed to a . strong, they shonld joui tbe society! -same » nTbe Secretary then read the minutes of the Met mass meeting^which were approved. Keporta were thee am fromvariousshops,amountingtotilteen it allthe am. prietorsof which had signified their readiaea* to nav u the rate of two dollars a day. An loviuuos was grreato all present who were not members of the society to win at once. * *mMr. EDWARD KntBTsaid that he was not a memberaf thr (wety, but he was going to join that aight. Ho had mane up his mind not to take teas that two dcllari a day (applause.) and had already refused an oflbr ef lam. am i having made that determination, be w a s going to heat a» it, if need be, forever. (Applause.) One or tw o etham made remarks of a like nature.It was then announced that the society bad received a letter from the journeymen House Painters i—ne,..^ M Philadelphia, which was read by the Secretary, Mr. Me. Guire. Tbe letter stated that a t a maettngef the Phila- delphia society it bad been resolved toseadacafi left* painters of New York, Boston. Baltimore, he , to form a union for tbe protection of the journey met house pikiawi throughout, either by aign, password or cerufictt*." Mr Sunderland, President of tbe society, said the kdttrmmt their brothers in Phibvdembm was a move at therightti- dlrrction. If such a union w a s formed, who eonll keen them down, who could oppress them t (Apsknsg.) B e bad been a member of sach a union in England, a mattextending throughout her counties, the benefits of which weie incalculable. N ew York was increasing ia wealthnet take say notice of it, and declined having any further oasaaaiiaraitnn with him. If anything more was sent,it ssaet come through another channel, in order to receive •ay attention.Nothing farther was heard from the French or Spanish •mnmaadert op to the tine the steamer sailed.lard Lyons called at the State Department this morning te knew whether government had received despatches troai Vera Cru*. He was informed that nothing had beenreceived u p t o this morning, bnt they were hourly ex- pecting them. His Lordship h a d received advices up to she 11th, bnt did not communicate their contents.THR u n r n OF ran MIRAMON BTXAMXR.workingmen of New York. The meeting, ho said, had been called for the express purpose of sympa- thizing with the men of Lynn, who were now on a strike for their just rights. Those men deserved tbeK. R. Barret, whose seat is contested by Mr. Blair, ofMjiour:, is mistaken if he means to insinuate, in to-day'sH*HAU>,thatthedespatchconcerningtheircontestfora 380pasteogers,exclusiveofthecrew.InterestedmenMr. I'RAWKOBII, (dem.) of fia, opposed the bill. Tbe evils complained of could not be controlled by acts ef of the Mississippi Legislature asking a grant of land to legislation. H is first objection w a s that it interferedMr Pvowv, (dem.) of Miss., presented the resolutionspubhcmayknowiftheyareseaworthy,nrmereworm eaten, rotten hulks, which the cupidity of the pro-prietors has put on their lines, under tains names,calculated to deceive. The bill proposes that no ocean half way filled. A large number ef names appeared in steamer running o\ er four hundred miles shall carry ex-petent. They would be told 'that wages would *£!£ regulate themselvesceeding one passenger for every three and a half tons. According to this limit tbe steamer Augusta can carry 370, the Arago 640, the North Star 530, and the Star of the Westthe bills, with the Intimation that " these distinguished gentlemen would address t h e meeting.'' Among these names were those of James Gordon Bennett, Horace Greeley and H. J. Raymond; but up to the latest momentseatintheHoosewaswritten byanyotherperson than from NewYork, however, sayifsuchaprovisionbe onlyHoraceGreeleycouldbeseen. Hisarrival onthetie author of this correspondence, or that it was intended t storestalSpub'ic opinion or prejudice the minds of the committee. It was made up, as all despatches are, after conversation with those who are supposed to know the facts in the one.adopted their trade will b e broken.down, but he would ask whether, in view of all th e circumstances, the /limit was not sufficientiy liberal.platform was, however, greeted with a few cheers.The meeeting baring been called to order in the ordi-The bill also provides for a system of lights, followingthe example of Prance and England, and forfournew acclamation. He returned thanks for the honor whichMr. TAYLOR, (dem.) of La., si>oke of the inefficiency ofthe existing law, and togiveit fores he proposed th» ap-plication of a new principle, namely—human interest fortheprotectionofhumanlife. Thesubstitutehehadpre- sympathyofeveryworkingman,notinthiscityalone, pared for tbe pending bill provided, that in case the owner but throughout this great Union, because they were only of a boat fail to comply with the requirements struggling for ajust remuneration for their labor, which, oi the present law, he shall not effect an insurance, and ifone be effected it shall be vitiated, and in oase o f the des-truction of, or serious injury to life b y Ore, explosion, o rat the wheel, the matter, engineer, pilot, or other officershall not again be employed on board any steam vesselSpain at Savannah, and Edwin E. HirU as Vice Consulof Brazil at Savannah.THIRTY-SIXTH eOVGRKSS. PBSr OB96IOK.Sematte.W Atna\vru\, March 27,186aTRX HOMBOTRAD Bill.Mr.SEWASP,(rep.)ofN.Y.,proaentedapetitionin untiltherehasbeenaprosecutionatlaw,andaverdict necessariesoflife,muchlesstheluxuriesthereof.large families, it was a fact that they could not earn bread There is a report here that Mraroon addressed a letter aid in the construction of the Gull and tibip Island Rail- with tbe rights of the States by extending the act of 1852 enough for the support of their children. How was itto a* agent at Havana, giving instructions to the commender o f the war steamers that were to a id him, whento arrive off Vera Cruz, and at a certain signal to mike anattack upon the city, which was to have been simultane-ously made under the teed o f Miramon himself o n land.mat this letter, or a copy of It, was obtained by the Ame-nean Consul at Vera Cms and forwarded to our governmenthere, and upon this information th e commander ef our•madron ia the Gulf received his instructions to interceptthe amasses vessels, which they succeeded in doing.By arrivals here to-aight of several gentlemen who cametoNewOrleansinoneoftheprizes,1learnthatthe tionsoiMr.DAVIS,relativetotheTerritories,&c,wereto ferry boats chartered by State or municipal autho- rity, and, secondly, the Increased expenses to the Trea- sury. He would refer tbe bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.Mr. BiKNL'ii, (dem.) of Ky., said such a reference would be the death ol the bill, and nrged that further legislation was needed.road.thereof.possible for a man to live on that small pittance: it was contrary to every principle of right and of justice that poor men should submit to such oppression without com- plaining. The noble women of Lynn have also set a he- roic e.vimple for the imitation of every country. A large number of these women have been working for less than forty cents per week; and if we were to travelTOTWAtiS DCR8 OS THE BUiBBSUPFI.Mr. Siinixi, vdem.) of La., introduced a bill giving the consent oi Congress to the levying of tonnage duties by the States bordering the Mississippi for the improvementMr. GARTRXXL (dem.) of Oa.. said the passage of tbeon motion of Mr. Bnow>, Saturdays were set apart for bill was demanded by the interests of the great masses over the whole univer.-e, and especially through the mostnight, as you see; but this cause calls m e here, and I, and splendor, and were the journeymen to have their having promised to come, could n o t fail to fulfil the a p - wages reduced in a like ratio r AB rents were raised from pointment. I desire to set before you, very briefly, th e year to year, were they to tuner this r (A voice—"Xe.") whole case as I understand it, fairly, fully a n d with jus- It was impossible for every man to be a bom, hut every ticeto all parties interested. I come not here aa advo- man bad his rights. He would protect the man with a cate of any one: I come not here to defame any, but to bod just as much as the man with the brash. But a or-the consideration of business relating to the District of Columbia.of the country, and opposed only by monopolizing ship oppressed parts of Europe, we would find that women re-owners. ceive more than fifty cents per week. But it was not soTKRRlI'ORiAI AKVAIKS.On mo'-ou of Mr. SAXSBCRY, (dem.) ol Del., the resolu-Mr. SICKLES, (dem.) of N Y ., regarded the provisions in Massachusetts. The women and the men of that State,der to secure these rights it bad become necessary to sane as one man. Let us then have a grand union (eristef bravo);weshallthenbeabletoresistallencroachmeeM. (Loudapplause).of the bill m the main aa salutary, and said its passage would be gratefully accepted by the country-Mr.HORAIRF.CLARK,(A.L.D.)ofN.Y.,statedhis objectionstothebill,which,before puton its passage, should be read and understood in its practical opera t)OD.The further consideration of tbe bill was postponed two weeks, and the House went into Committee of the WholeA letter from Vera Cruz to the Picayune states thatWiramon, oa the way down from the capital, imposed a nauuii. He said—J see the Senator from New Hampshire TUS ARRV BILL.Mr. BoiEiRR, (S. O.) of Va., moved to increase tbe ap saseod loan ef $100,000 on the people of Puebla and lJir. Clark) is in his seat. I wish to inquire of him if a propriationtor the national armories to $400,000.who have done so much for tbe wealth and influence of thosewhoarenowlordingitoverthem,wereoppressed in a way that cannot be forgotten. It wasstate, so lar as I may, the rights of this case, and the remedies which can rightly be applied to it. The state of factsthiseveningpresentedrendersourfirstdutya plainone. Some thousands ofour countrymen are indespatchestorthegovernmentweresentto NewOrleans •a the Preble, and probably will not reach here before to- a n i o i night.uk<nup,and madethespecialorderforMondaynext. THR HA3RRCPTLAW.Mr. HOCUTUR, (rep.) ef Wisconsin, presented a memo- rial in tavor os a bankrupt law.only for tbe people of New York to raise want, and they ask for assistance. Let each de what Mr FisflRR. Vice President of tbe Society, asked who k their voices m support of the principles on which the men we fairly can toward their relief. The fact that they are was that had originated the demand for higher wigta. and women of Lynn have struck to secure them in the engaged in a straggle for what they believe to b e their Was it the outsiders, as they were called' No; it WM(he fair and honorable demands which they have made. The rights and for the general righla of labor, strengthens Society. This demand was not only a right bnt a duty. Mrikets only ask for thesymaathyandaid of their friends their claim upon our sympaties. They might procure It was their right as individuals, and it was a duty theyA rBBBOXAL KXPLAVATtO.V.Mr. Joax.Hoa, (dem.) of Tenn., rose to a personal expht on the state of the Union, onfTO,0SO ea those of Jalapa, and what is more, got the speech, purporting to have been made by him, as report- Mr. Ennitax:R, (S. O.) of Tenn., opposed the amend- mitted to grind down the working men, while they have their permanent disabilities, and those of their fellow j they could not domuch without theothers. If they would ed in the HRRALDof the 9th of this month,is oorrectf In ment. Legislation, he said, ought to be with a view to craftrmen. So they boar on. The shoemakers of Lynn all unite tbey wnnld attain their object. In coacluasat ha that speech there are several allusions to the State I have peace, and not to war. invariably pocketed all the proe«eds of their toll and in- and those who act with them in their present movement would urge themto join for their own good more than forThegovernmenthasnotyetreceivedsufficientiaforma-thehonor.uparttorepresent,andsomeallusionstomy-Mr.BOTKLKRrepliedthatwhenforeignnationscoulddustry.Mr.McCarthycontinuedatgreatlengthtoadvo-demandtheestablishmentofabillofprices,acceptedjthegoodoitbesociety.(Applause.)t m n t o e n a b l e i t t o j u J g e i n t e l l i g e n t l y o f t h e m e r i t s o f t h e recent affaire in the Gulf, and hence the delay ia answer- tngSenator Hale'scall uponthePresident forinforma-s e l f . T h e s p e e c h b c e m t i U> h a v e b e e n m a d e i a D o v e r o n the 7th of March, and Is reported by a correspondent of the HERALD.Mr.JOHNSONthencaused anextractfromthespeechto be read at the Clerk's desk, m which Mr. Clark is reportt h u s b e t a u g h t , t h e r e w o u l d b e s o m e p r o p r i e t y i n t h e gentleman's remark.Mr. ETHRRirxss said that warlike nations do not furnish usanexampleworthyof ourimitation. Weshouldad- here to the maxim of oar fathers, that large standingc a t e t h e c a u s e o f t h e L y n n s t r i k e r s , a n d e m p h a t i c a l l y a l i k e b y e m p l o y e r s a n d w o r k m e n , a n d g u a r a n t e e i n g l i k e M r . W t U T i A f c S K s a i d b e c o u l d n o t s e e w h y a n y o n e appealed to the feelings and patriotism of the cordwainers pay for like service on all hands. Tbis seems to me a wanted to live and act alone. When one painter matThe recently published statements that the government ed to have said that Tennessee bad both gold and cop- armies are dangerous to liberty.per, but lacked the energy to develope her resour Mr. I'HRiw, (dem.) of Mo., opposed, aad Mr. DSLARO and unanimously adopted —will call on Spain for explanations as to thefittingout ol' ces, and that the idea of dissolving the Union advocated the amendment.The following preamble and resolutions were then read, circumstances, than another. If a .jonrneyman Is unable brotherhood: they should form a magnetic lice to reachor unwilling to do first class work, let him be employed from pole to pole (Applause) Then, if It became aeces- on second, third, or fourth class, and paid accordingly. sary for any of them to go to Baltimore, or any etherthe Mtramca steamers atHavana isnotwellrounded, waspreposterous.SenatorJohnson himself tolling Mr. Clark thai the people of Tennessee bad become greatly beiag no official data to show that Spain is impb- alarmed in 1860, and that any political man could have wtth Miramoa, or which would justify such a course gone through the State and the planters would have joinedhimtodrivingtheslavesoutoi theState,becausetheywereafraidofthem.Mr. JoHSSUN, resuming, said:—I rise for the purpose ofWe,tbemechanic*,citizensandworkingmenofNewYorkand vicinitv. In mita meeting assembled, wishing to sympa- * boots should be made in a great and dear city forihfee with and aid the cordwainers of Massachusetts, now oa the price of making sale boots by the box in a ruralturn out, whom we look upon aa the victims of a system of op-pression hitherto unknown to the civilized world. It is with township or village. But an established and uniform given for the Philadelphia L'nlon. which was done with feelingsofregretthatweaeethemannerinwhichtheemploy-ersofthe*''cordwainershavetrvatedtheirjourneymen,byreducing their wagea far below the aiandard prices oi laboreatthepartof theadministration,even if therewereno otherreasons whysuch explanation should notbede-scaleofprices tor task or piece work executed underlike circumstances, framed andagreed upon bydele- SomeonemadetheremarkthatwhilethemembersofAosounte continue to be received from the South thatBramhaU and numbered over 900 pieces, the princi-dealing in any trade or handicraft prosecuted by free la- bor at piece work. This bill of prices cannot be inflexible,MMarmy of the Knights of the Golden Circle is on the eve Mr. CLARK (with great deliberation)—I do not know, pal part of them beiag copper coins and busi- sir, why, or lor what reason anything I may have sail on ness tokens. The sales were very well attendedeftearing*rMexico;butuptothelatestaccountsfrom thest:mpshouldbebroughthereIntheSenateofthe andthebiddingwasbrisk. Medalsdidnotsellorscarce,asfoodischeapordear,aadollarsaadcents ttend for lees or more. But whenever either journeymenVera Cras no invitation bad been extended them. lulled States. I will give him any explanation he mayTRRATY-\OTVSTKK'XPXT). what ithastodowith thelegislationofthe country.The State Department received no despatches from That is all 1have to say now. 1 will be very happy to meetthatSenatoratanytime.brought$8,acentof17«l,to25;1799,$1125.AMassa- chusetts pine tree threepence brought $6 75. It bore date 1652. A [lying eagle dollar of 1S36 brought$9.lhatwhichanecuusmostandtivesgreatestpleasuretouson sary they should call a mutual council of delegates from this occasion Is. that your wives, daughtets and sisters have both employers and journeymen, set before them tbe set lueh a noble example to their hnsbands, sons, and the uni grounds on which such revision is demanded, and -eraeofman,lhatw*hopehereafter eteryman will la;hisWithouttakingthequestionthecommitteerose. Adjourned.C i t y I n t e l l i g e n c e . SAIROhCOINS—Messrs.Ceo.A.Leavitt &Co.,377and379 Broadway, held an auction of rare andcuriousNobodywillcontend thatapairoffirstquality customcity,theywouldnotgoasstrangers. There would be t bond like that of Freemasonry. (Applause.)coins, at their rooms, on Monday and Tuesday after-asking the Senator from New Hampshire if that is a cor- noons. The collection belonged to Mr. W m. Leggett by which a man is able to maintain himaali and family re-gates representing both employers and journeymen, is an the society wire holding ouf for higher wages, outsiders indispensable basis of harmony, contentment and fair would come in and get the work.rect report of his speech-speetablr aad honest!;; and. at the same time, we are proudto see tbe moral and manful stand these men have madeagainst this great social evil, which is ao overwhelming inits inJ'uences aa to become dangerous to our best interests unchangeable. It should rise or fall as work la abundant andinstitution*.Welockuponlowwagesasaplaguespotand an iniectioua disease, working out fearful results demand or require in regard to what Isaid, but I do not well, but a few brought as high as $5 each. We attach to our commerce, onr homesteads and national honor WeWt OmcUl SSWS Of THK RATmCATTOX OF THK HSKRAJT know why it should be brought here. 1do not know tome of the prices of the coins sold. A flying eagle dollar look upon itas pregnant wuhdisputes, riota and civil wars, or employers deem a revision of the scale just and necesear Minister at Bogota, and hence they have no intelli- Mr. JoiLv-oN—The remarks were made where they could Dimes of tbe year 1800-1-3 brougnt 60 cents each, and loot upon oppression and wroag, and vow ever to stand op- ask their concurrence in the change proposed,gence in regard to the ratification of th e H-Tran treaty. not be heard. and, if this is a correct report ol the Senator s one ol 1822 went as high as $2 90. In the sale of Ameri- posed to tyranny in all Us forms: to the turnouts, therefore, or in such change as m ay be oeemed justThey have no doubt, however, that the HKRUJ> S news is speech, I cannot see why he should not avow or disa can cents tbe bidding was very lively, and some of thorn we say abide by vi.ur noble purposes, and strike deep at the Were these views generally acceded to I am sureauthentic, as their last advice? from there Indicated a speedy ratification upon the acsembring ofCongress.AFFAIRSOSTl«KJOGRANT>f.aatelhgence was received here this morning at the WarDepartment from Xlajor HeiaUelman, dated Karl Brown,I s x a s , March 9 , which contains some additional par-ticulars in regard to the movements of Corti-na*. B e says —'•! have a report of a small partyof men being on th.s side o' the river, some diataaoe above, sad of their killing one man. It is doubtfultherefore he it— aary; for the interests of employers and employed &eao)ved, That we will aid and usstst t> the beatof our in the premises arc ciearly consonant, in fact identical.THE STRIKES INNEWENGLAND.LAB01 J.6AIH8T CAPITAL. cxttiug dtwa the workingmen « wages and selling their of the working ct*ss*s «ere truem •£-?- •**"*** "Saysho?sataveryfairprice:nthe spricg. They nunnfac •nafirmbo„d]ofuriion wju,^ #£*"** l r oaaej t.irrrt,pofSibry,a hundred rw»ecent mi'sstaes tn-n the oppreseion could prevail against thawT^' * *»*Jut marketrequired,andtheresultwas,intheiranxietyto OatheeeacmrfoaofMrTBradvwaawa**«^«_eeam-ttec aedhed theSwrntary thai IM sarrloe dkJnotAdjtmrnsd,Heiae at RnpiwsnmtJttlwes. WA8B»«,TO«.piarch *T,I860.make large profits, they drugged the market aroseandmovedthattbetneetmradtooSr' ticipateiaaSorrowLodge,inhonorofSen.Quitaian.wbo thebillforfulfillingthe treaty sUpiSss*siawit. them The Conflict of Money and There were twice as many shoes as there should Themotionwascarrad,and theiCOKTACJOUS KnTULE OP THE fifatHES. work: bntwecannotsignthebills." Ourshoemakers thoughtiftheycouldmaleaaadvancetheywould,ifal- «.«e withit» deamndtagammV.^^?*>to, *a,* *nary way,Mr. CHARLES MCCARTHY was appointed Chairman byup to the present time, they had never received. The bosses in the Eastern States h a d ground down t h e poor shoemakers to th e lowest extent, t o that they could scarcely live. They could scarcely get tbe commonwere to meet at the Fourteenth Ward Hotel on the 24th of April. It was hoped that they would then succeed ia forming a general trade union, like that in Baltimore.It was moved and carried that the society should hold a meeting on Wednesday evening, ana that another mast meeting take place next MondayA unanimous vote of thanks was returned to the Chair- man of the evening, and to the reparteraThree rousing cheers were then given for the press sfler which the assembly harmoniously separated.known tobeuntrue. Ifhewasnotfamiliarwiththe ladymanagers moreenterprising andzealous,itmaybo street;JamesO'Conner,i'eliareelfchades,I'ei!street;Jona- facte,thenhedidnotunderstandmem,andwasnotadded,thantherest,wrotetollisHoliness,i'opeiiusthethanbpeader,87Hammondstreet.Ninthward:D.0.Whit-reasonablyhighOnthecontrary,IunderstandittobeaddressandpresentthesametohisRoyalHi£hneasthe.nay, that it is. or is no;Mr Ci AKK- I am not disposed to say anything about it,a cent of 17%, fJ. 80; 1804, $3 10; 1817, $ 2 Two halfability sthe turnouts so long as toe strike lcsts. and the em- .ecauseIdnnotunderstandthatitbelongBhere, irthe OneofChalmers'Annapolisshillingswentasbifihas ploversrefns«-topavtheirbUlofprices.Senator will go into the press or on toe stump, I will an- BW«-I i will aiiswer anywhere it belongs.Mr.JOHNSON—1shalltaketheprivilegeofreplyingto what is represented here as the Senator's speeiii, made*" 50, an«l a Icuisiana copper of 1772, $4 50. Toy]cent of Resolved. 1hat the follow lug persona act as a committee ofcorrect report ot bis speech. In referenc to what is said here about m y ow n State, if the Senator made him self familiar with the facts—as he seems unwilling to let this matter be placed upon its true groun-Jthat were paid.PlL'S IHK NiMH l .Ml A HI RI. A.N 1'AIK."—HANIHOSK PtafKNTetreeta; W. A. Kein. Fourteenth Ward House; Kichard Dal- for shoe work, thousands would eagerly rush into shoe- ton. 109 First avenue; Mr. O'Donald, Grunerey Hall, Third making, and thus starve out the present shoemakers, inavenue: James F. kethven, 40 Attorney street: Owen Jones, < lie be Works. Thirty third street and Tenth avenue: Horace Iheall, ecrner of Kroome and Clark afreets; Mr. JohnPersonal Intelligence.Hop.«;. Washington Patrick, o f California. Judge C. P . Williams, of Buffalo, and Professor Cox, of Cincinnati, artwhether any of ih.-ni were Cortinss m en. I nave also areport that Cortinas ha>< collects a small force at the —If he was familiar with the facts with reference to the rti» HIP HOMNRKS.—Previous to the hue very sacoessful Adanta, Novelty Iron Works; Joaiah Dunn, Hie A Co.'a printfcpite cif tbeir high tariff of wages. There exists, there-fore , a perfect harmony of Interests between employersand journeymen, between shoe producers and shoe con stopping at the Astor HouseBurners; and those interests require, not high prices nor lowprices, hut fair prices, and will continue so to do w the At a meeting of the magistrates and reeves of the end. 1 do not hear it urged on any hand that the prices uited counties of York and Peel, Toronto, C. W., the fol- contended for by the striking shoemakers are un- lowing gentlemen were appointed a committee fo draft anallusions made to the State of Tennessee, her copper fair which was held at the Academy of Music to collect lng press manufactory, Wm. Harris. Locomotive Works, Jer- MarianoRancho,onthe river above tor theobjectoi nxmea andtheenergiesofher people, Iamconstrained seyOily.Patrick'.arrk'k.cornerofCentreandDuaneaweeis.crossing, and that he was in Matamora-- a low lays ago. U> Fay that the Senator said thai which he mu.u have funds for the benefit of the Sister; of Mercy, one of the Suih Ward Hotel: Jcsepu Mathers, Me'.rupolivin Miadea, Ca nal street, near broadwu.. i'homa- Biackgrove, 106 MulberrywhatIdidsay Ididsay,and itiswhatI repeatnow, that the idea t is a false one, and a mistaken o n e , a s the demonstration at Harper's Ferry proved most conclusively In Tennessee I s e e a spirit maniburned through the flooring to the third floor. Krull children decently, to take them off the bench where they to be overcome by idleness. They can be butjection AM to the propriety of repeating a part of a brother Senator's conversation, I will not dis-part of the stock removed. The damage to what stock with Dean Swift in the opinion which he expressed that tween the actual shoemakers and the shoe wearers daughter inlaw for some time, aad recentiy « 5 £ i r i " :selfto her. Having great confidence in tte'*?**••"<*cuss i ti will leave that alone.• * • " • £about $1,000 fuiij- insured. Thefirsttloor is occupied bv on the other, butto make our exchangee more simply. di-hisson,heconcluded to send htm d o "a .,^°?Xi hcents of 1833-4 went at $2 each, and one of 1802 at t l 75.If the journeymen shoemakers of New England were todemand an exorbitant price for their work, and the em- tieorgia $2 90. There was a large number of old Ameri- management, »itfa a Secretary 10 carry out the toreroing reso ployers were to concede it, the only enduring result wouldcan dollars, half dollars, ,vc, but they did not bring veryhifch prices. All the interest appeared to bo manifested1utona—TToia:><•ree'eyTreasurer;.1.F.Jtethrcnrctoietary;beatransferofthesboemaking businessfromNewEng-John Roae, «*aiies Mctartv, Heary Smith, Timothy Cuppogn, R'rhard Morr«,Geo. Kuopre.at Dover on the 7th of this month. I called upon in the opper coins, of which there was a large .aricy.the Senator either to a\ow or disavow it. fie declined to The pieces ranged irom three cents a piece up to as manydo either. 1 think, then, 1 am authorized to take it a s a dollars. Those w e have <(noted were some of tue highest ,iohnCommerf.-ird, air. Leaake. corner of Pearl and Chatham were to unite in establishing an exorbitant tariff of pricesThis racche is on the road t'rom Matamoras to San Fer annuo, aad about thirty miles from t h e former place. with the force at present here I anticipate no further .tis-tubances from him on this side of the river." IKK JiEW VORK COST t»l>lfB Bl II UlStl.The House Post«mice Committee met this morning, and had M r. Humphrey, member from Brooklyn, before shea. They are in favor of erecting a suitable building for a Post Oftice in that city. The feeling in the Bouseseems to he adverse to the cans'ruction of any new pub- lic buildings.want ol e n e r y or enterprise that to-day, a t these very e.xiiuisite ornament will be disposed of by subscription his thanks for the cordial reception accorded to him, and to meet them by delegates in mutual council, or that the They had under consideration the propriety of estab copper mines, there are seven smelting furnaces in ope- sale at one dollar a chance, so thai all may hive an op- he accepted it as an indication of their sympathy for the employers did not accede to that proper and rea-Tfehiag the Bntterfield line of steamers, to pry between raum, running out tons of metal everyday. Mr. .lonn portunity of winning it. Perhaps the good lister* of cordwainers ol Lynn. He supposed, from reading the sonable demand. They might not have been able toacthorized to state them. As he has declined to avowor disavow the speech, he Stat liberty to take either hornof the dilemma. If that Senator had made hiuuseiiumiliar with the copper mines (he alluded to, he.wouidhave found that the principal mines were- discovered in1861—nine years ago—in an almost inaccessible portiontenburg, H2 Pearl sireet conceded that they are no higher than they should be to Prince of Wales on his visit to British America. The Ninth, requesting the favor of the !'onthT's autograph to • Ilesoived, That the thanks of thi<= meeting he given to the give the workers a fair livelihood. But I understand the Warden cf tbe counties (David Reeaar, Esq), Colonel add to a highly interesting collection she intended to nave Mstsachusetta turnout*, and especially the females, for their employers to affirm that the shoe business has been over Thomson, Col. Deniaoc. Col. Bridgford, Rice Lewis, Esq ,on exhibition. T h e fair took place before an answer was orate and exemplary conduct In demandlnga fair day's wages done—that there are too many engaged and employed in and T. J . O'Nlel, Esq.of the country, lying between two mountains,received from Rome, and the matter was almost entirely forgotten, when a few days ago Archbishop Hughes re- ceived a precious little package from the Hoiv See. Itt«r a fair day's work; may you speedily Mieseed, and peace it—and that they cannot afford to pay the prices de-be reatored to boi bemployers and employes manded b y the strikers, though these are no higher than Resolved, That this meeting feels greatlv thanktul to toe they generally did pay two years ago. In other words,» From the Statistical list of the members of the Assem- bly of this State, we are enablec to give the ocenpaboa of tbe members, as follows, vis —49 farmers, 1 farmer aad miller, 1 farmer and mechanic, 1 farmer and manufactu- rer, 1 farmer and real estate agent; 3 gentlemen. Id mer- chants, 3 merchants a n d manufacturers. 1 lumber mer- chant, 16 lawyers, 6 physicians, 2 builders, 1 cierk, 1 ac- countant, 3 forwarders, 1 silversmith, 1 bookbinder, 1 eo- tary, 1 commissioner of deeds. 1 carpenter, 1 laborer, S mechanics, 1 miller and grain dealer, 1 miller aad forwarder, 1 miller, 1 real estate agent, 1 pattern maker, 1 lithograph printer, 2 grocers, 1 collector, kz , 1 contrac- tor, 1 professor, 1 surveyor and civil engineer, 1 prater, 1 speculator, 1 deputy clerk of the New York Common Council, and 1 with no occupation. The heaviest member i.; .Mr. lAiwisPeck-. of fmtano, who weighs 24C poonis. Tbe lightest men are Messrs. A. Smith, of New York city, aad A. W. Calmer, of Dutchess county, who weigh each U $ pounds. Mr. Peck la also the tallest—measurxg 6 feet 2 inches. Mr. Jas. M. Servis is the shortest—measaring but 5 feet 4 inches.where they could scarcely o e reached t>y a was found to contain a magnilicent cornelian cameo, set editors of the United States J/.. Aoi,««' fhr„, published in Phiia the employers say they do not pay tbe prices demanded,.yiphja, for the disinterested manner in which thev have takenman on foot. But since their discovery in .old, a present from the l'ope to the lady who request- up tiie cause and interests of labor in this great country, and becaute, as a body, they cannot afford to. Well, I creditthere has hem a sufficient amount of enterprise and ener- gy to take down the hills, fill up the valleyx, make good ruads, and extract large amounts of ore from those uoped the autograph, or rather a contribution to the chanty for which the lair was gotten up. (if course, as the fair is now among the things lhat were, the intention of theall editors who follow their evample.HK.MAKK.- OK AIOSZO DRjU'ER, O l LVJTX.this statement of the employers, as I do that of the jour- neymen. I urn rounded neither party means to be un- reasonable or unjust. I complain only that cither theMr. AUTT/O DRAI'F.K, of Lynn, w as introduced and re-pvr mints In addition to that, it does not seem like a Pope cannot be literally i arried out, but we learu that the ceived with loud cheers. H e commenced by eiDressing .KHirneymen did not, before striking, ask tbeir employersIf I had a conversation with him. or anybody else on that subject, I know what I said: 1 know what I thought, I know what I feel, and i know 1 never saidder the command of Captain Veile, an officer who served in the Mexican war. and deservedly held in very high es- teem. It is expected that the new Artillery company willance was the signal lor loud cheering.! It seemed to Dim (Mr. Draper) lhat the gentlemen who had failed to attend ought to have been corteous enough to reply to the polite note o f invitation. H e came among them t osexy ef the investigating committees implicating the admin- that. 1 have said this, whether in th e hearing of theMractea ia any manner whatever. In regard to Wen- Senator from New Hampshire or not I do not know; I ao make their debut in public at the grand drill which ia to solicit their sympathy and aid for a suQering and1have said this, Mr. President, in reference to the ideaMercy will realize more by this disposition or the gift than hy exhibition at the fair had it arrived in time.ARiiiLun ConPARI POI: ras Ssvran RKI.IJUVT.—-The Engineer «orps of this crack regiment have organisedlong array o f names announced a s speakers, he would have no opportunity to address them, but for some unac- countable reason, that out or the whole list of names on the posters he was the only one in attendance. [Horacetee of the American Tract Society, at a meeting held in cial causes, and to the lack of a proper system dollar would yet cladly buy ol the suftering journeymen held out, that it this delusion or anti slavery feeling should New York, March 22, the Rev. Dr. De Witt in the chair, in the shoe trade of New Kngland. He came to ask assist- a pair or boots or shoes, even though not in pressing be carr.ed on, what the result would be; and 1 have s a i d - madethefollowingappropriations,teberemittedtofo- anceformenwhowerewillingtoaidthemselves,and need of them. W hy should not tbe Buttering journey-ro re ,0M b y flrc nd WUe T W!iIr , ^ f * > amount to aboutarenowobligedtolaboratthetenderageoftenyears,in transiently and partially relieved | by alms giv-h«aolved That the following persons be ai.-thorued tore ceive donations to be forwarded to tbe above committee —ing. If there are too many shoemakers, some must b e insurance compamea. The third tloor was occupied by pesed to dignify labor, and therefore he made tills appeal drawn off Into other and less crowded vocations; only$1,000; insured for $2,000 in the St. Mark's and Artisans'order to get the means of subsistence. The strikers p r of t w uj notexceed$25. Thesecondflooris oc-charge too much for their services, we must contrive, not cupied by Benedict &Van, coffee grinders. Los* by water God Almighty had of riches, by simply observing the to stop making shoes on the one hand, nor wearing themAlexander Stackmar, patent model maker and machinist JI2L0 tnm rt., , .t o »w b o m b e **** °*m; but he rectly, cheaply, without tbe aid of go-betweens. W e are JMr. CLARA.—Isimply desire to say that if the occasionmoved, aad Goorge M. Whortoa, .aa old federal lawyer, offers I will repeat to the Senator what I said in my own damage by water about $30—no insurance. The base' believed la the dignity ot labor-In the dignity of wealth, at perfect liberty to do without either employing shoe-the solemnization of the marriage contract- TM » » TM : down, and returning, announced himself as " « B | y P W » ~ with the young woman, but counselled " t a t W ; He wanted time to learn more of his " « ° * " J***- andcontinuedtovisither,apparentlytorthat%£&*: The old man's surprise, when he fonts that nMeon n a n eloped with the girl and victimized h i t itbe ton s ) con- fiding parent, may b e imagined.is Bernuni in Richmond^ There at a wooUy herteex-now nearly three years old, stands Iteen hands high, it at gentle ss a cat, andto wen pnjor-tioned in cveVy retneet Indeed he ii^a "£ *m* sheep t ctoming.bemg covered from head *J?lZ?it curly, fine wool, harnig all ttttolawieeranet * £ * « * £8the ordmary sheep. Unlike the sheep, b** ^*TM"zr^Jzrzzi *2;rs? ^ ment and part of the first floor are occupied by P U Mor- honestly and honorably acquired, for it was a means of makers or shoe dealers; and if w e cannot do this with speech. The Senator will then bear what I did say. and l f a*.aJ:oftee r°ast'DS establishment—namag* bv water useitrinessand benevolence. (Applause) At the meet advantage, we must bring no railing accusations againstin the meantime b e m a y rest assured I will say nothing about $20u~rully insured. The building * o ^ o d bv The v..4«h»* ^u-ixy^-^T^' *•"*«**«*»Mr. thenindisparagementofhisState,aadIwillnot disputeThe removal of Mr. Vandyke whether or not they rase more horses and mules ui»n f£°sa ftM'ta^1'1% " <iama«e<1 a b o t U •**>. *°d insureding of mechanics and citizens, held in Newark last night presidedoverbytheHon.Wm.Wright, that gentleman expressed his aympathy for the Lynn strikers, and thiB JiSf""!g a v * subMantisJ proof of it bv giving a check for «0. The meeting held recently in Baltimore was a very enthusiastic one, and one of the speakers. Mr. Gallagher, in bis remarks, alluded to Trelawney. tbe leader of thethose dealers, b u t confess them public beneCactors. If laborcannotexchange productsdirectlywithlabor,Itit not the fault of capital. But I believe it can and will, andINCREASEOP PAY » THK RAW.The bill to increase and regulate the pay of tbe navy .THRALDSRHA.MCCxmsxrso Si Ar»._Tbe Special Commit, tee of the Board of Aldermen appointed to Investigate the claims of Ihe parties who contest the Aldermanio seats ofhere it a good opportunity for a beginning. hope it may not pass unimproved.1 earnestlywas then taken up and considered. The bill gives Senior>pairmgofffortheCoaventioaaatCharteatoaanrtChY fhntams$6600perannum;Captainscommandingsquad theSecondandtSghthAldermanicdmncuheldanotiker workingmenofBogland,whowascondemnedtodiebut alludedtothefeelingwhichhadgatheredsolargeai if Congress refuse to adjourn lan days 1 * rans *6,6CO; Captains on dutv at sea $4,375, aad off duty meeting on Monday afternoon to commence the heariniof a storm of enthusiasm swept over tbe land, and the song meeting. Strikes, he said, were things which could noti, itto evident that there will be no quorum •8.W7' Commanders $2^26: lieutenants $1,600, and in- evidence in the case. Aldermen Cornell and Boole were was sung— ^ help occurring, because diflerenoes would trite In society.therefore, win be virtually ad-Surgeons, Parsers and Engineers yearsofservice.will know the reason why. Trelawneydidnotdie,rortheKingboweddownbeforeor mTSJ CaioaafTaarnptiitnf*»r»—*****»<"examineAagas-nrrssmuTaa atus SoheO, Collector of.the Part of New York, andSamuelK Bttttanrarth, mweitoatttioat of the Assay Office of Agreedto.noc.umsalaries, hot increasinged with la the absence of John Russet's counsel, who be wasgiventounderstand,wouldbeunabletoattend.Tbo debate which followed between tbe opposing lawyers wasLcrnn brethren die in this good causer asked Mr. Draper. snailtheyperishorshalltheybecompelledtosubmit}-— tor I believe many of them will perisn before they subthe meeting and of tbe movement in New York to take a tangibleform, liepresented asanoffering $120trom the Tailors' Union of New York, to be equally divided be-he might well be taken tor a mammoth «•"!•**•? hon>s7ss hehasnomane,bnttorthetactthatheto thickly coated with wool from the tip of bit note to tnerYork,tomorrow,ifthey arrive,subpoenas haying 1for them.i LATWjra roa THR SAFETY OP PAwaWasYha_o has devoted its time to-day, in Committee of theWhale,to the dtsroasina ofthebill IntroducedbyMr.w»m»t_(dean.)oft»-•— novacandeaIaWapiti»«1vti.,.HT'*d *"ameBdmentthatMr. Ivaaaon, (dam.) of^£r "*fln*1 hereafter, amendmentwasIntendedtow St*** supposedthe two gentlemen nomtoaaed hy the PMJUU, •Wwntmeat ofa d rto the Committee on Naval Anaira^and^Ji' * ***rredon. Hewasinfavorofredoatag'the nS*li?"Ported 30adjourningthecasetillMondaynext ThecaseofRichardBarryand(J.P.Blekfardwasnextconsidered, butasamone appeared on behalf of Mr. Btokford, and as this hasbeenthecaseatallthefuturemeetingsortbecommittee,it was agreed to reportto the Board ia favor of repati-Untitled Documentating the charges against Mr. Barry as frivolous. Ad journedforaweek.cordwataers ofLjnn struck feranadvance ia their!2rL,Y<*r.?fl€,LZe*r *•"<*•tedl»*ncutdown,and mat before the^strika they were working for an ave- rageofabout$260a$275perweek. Buttheycould rear it no longer; endurance ceased to be a virtue,and Ujeyatrw* toraa advance in their wages. In a meetingladiea.Mr.DRAMERthenreadaletter,accompaniedbytbesum of $100 hi money.Mr.JOHXBRADYwasthenextspeaker. Hesaidthat after many years experience in behalf of laborfhe would assure tbe meeting thai be bad very rarely been present atanassemblywhichevincedgreateratUhnstataaandde-Fromtheregister ofmarriagesrecentlycertifladtothe Auditor ofPublic Accounts, by theClerk ofJett"*?" county, Va.,Uappears that the notortoas John t Cmm, who was hung ia Chartostown, Va., was marrlsdiatBtr per*FerrytoMaryV. Kennedyoa tbel«horapru, 1868. At the time of tbe marriage Cook was » T**";**monthsand6dayaold,andMlmKennedywas"»/•*»• old. Cook was born ia Oonneratoat. and was me son otthepayof otherofficers inabout tbesamepro •t further provides for Increased pay to Compresent,andalsothecounselofMessrs.MitchellaadRan sell, who contest the seat for the Eighth district Peter Mitchell's counsel informed thecommittee that bis ctamt wasunpreparedtogoenwithhisevidenceonMondavaaAndmustTrelawneydie. AndshallTrelawneydie- Then twice three hundred thousand Cornish menThe workingman wasthecapital of theemployer as much as his money, and tbe workman bad need of legis- lationto protect him.an amendment* '•"•nil "to pay of Midshipmen. of little interest, and was terminated by Alderman Cornell w t (Loud cries of <No, no. ) Five weeks ago the tween the shoemakers of lj?nn and their partners, the end of bit tail.lowed to wait, even tu illy sign tbe bill T h e strikers had acarnivalfromthebcs~biniagofthemovementuntiltheSreseat time, such an processions, clam chowders, bar- ecoes, and dancing parties. The fishermen furnished (be clams aad tbe musicians tbe music, free ofexpense to tbe strikers. If the strikers got the whole amount o f t h e advance demanded i t wouldoniform rate of n W1mwa*ea at the standard rate of two dollars a dav a a S t w amountedtofifteenthousand.He(Mr.Draper)had preventthebort»-t'iromemplovmgthornwtaaiTUlearned that the men of Harem had gone to work, and many of them were getting higher wages than thay de- manded, hut the bosses had not signed. Missionaries were out in a ll directions converting the country shoe- makers to the true faith. Last Saturday night the i.y nn bosses got two thousand ladles into a room, forbidding tbe men to meet with them. The omployers wanted to pro- pose a little private arrangement with t h e ladies them- selves. (Laughter). They wanted them to go to work forthewageatheystruckfor,andletthementakecareof themselves, but the ladies refused, pledging themselves to work for no boss who would not sign the men's bill of wages.Tbe strikers proposed t o establish a n apprenticeship business, and to make a rule that no m an should belong to the association, or work for any society, who had not served three years. (Applause.) They proposed to cut off fishermen, blacksmiths, painters, a n d those w h o worked upon the shoemakers' bench after an apprentice- ship of three days.Mr. DRAPRScontinued, at some length, to give a descrip- tion of the manner in which the strikers managed the ail Air, especially the mode adopted by the " scab " committees toannoytbe 'scabs." Heexplainedthistermbystat- ing that it was similar to what the printers called <• rat," to what the lawyer called " pettifogger," and the doctors, " quack." It was said lhat it was of ao use to strike, for there were a number o f Irishmen w h o would take their places. H e ( t h e speaker) ventured t o pre- dict that they would not be found amongst the shoemakers of Irish parentage. (Loud cheers.) Out of aix hundred Irish shoemakers, there w a s only o n e turned " scab," and they were trying bard to convert tun. Mr. Draper said it cost nearly $1,000 a week to anstain tbe strike, for they were compelled to support three hun- dred families who were in a destitute condition. In con elusion, he hoped and believed that the audience would re- spond liberally to the appeal of their Eastern brethren, and would give them the means of paying their debts and01 educating their chilhren.The Chairman introduced HORACB GRBSLRV, who, whentbe applause which was manifested on rising to address the audience bad subsided, spoke as follows:—SPEECH OK HORACE GRSKJJBT.MR. f HAIRVAN Aim GKNTIJCSTEN—Iam very hoarse to-for in roend numbers the strikers in theEastan immediate alleviation of their suiferings; but they be-rights. (Applause.) The bosses have too long been per- lieve that by doing to they would protract and intensify aad were still laboring for tbe benefit of the trade, satfor the present, so as to enable them to stand up for theirowed to their famines. The society bad been laboring,of New York to aid their suffering brethren and sisters aa farastheirmeanswouldallow.just and reasonable demand. It is not right that one employershouldexact, northat onejourneymanshould receive more pay for similar work, performed under likeanother in the street shonld he took at htm askance at tnougb bewas onewhowould take bread outofhit month on the contrary, there thonld be a universalvt-w it. Why should not the Senator either say yea or brought high prices. A link cent of 1793 went for $4 50: rort of this death producing custom. Feeling thns for ion, strikes would rarely occur or be deemed neces mlttee to confer with delegates of other societies, wholand to some other section, whose workmen were willing to accept reasonable rates of compensation. If all the shoemakers, everywhere—employers and employed—Capt Dyer, U S. A.: Hon. John Bell and lady, of Tens. Hon. J. Wiley Kdwards, of N V .; Hon. Henry Loag- cuastances, attributable, he believed, wholly to finan- in tills city who cannot well aftord to give them even a nccker.of Pa.. Hon. E. G. gpaulding and lady, N . Y .; Hon. .7 B Bowlingly, Vt; and C R. Webster, C. S. Con-sul at Tebuantepec, are in Washington.Jud~e John B. Clopton,of Va. is not dead, a* reported speaking upon that subject in lbA6—i had seen a spirit reign and pagan lands, chiefly in aid of missions con- who hitherto had sustained themselves alone, unaided for men and women combine to make boots and ahoes bv by the newspapers, but is recovering from his late severeand a feeling manifested, in the country ihat 1 had neverKeen before, which evinced most clearly and i-oaclusivolywhat the agitation ol the question would do when broughtto its una! ultimatum. And what was if' i saidthen what is irae now, that if the day ever doescome when th e effort is made to abolish slavery Italy, Belgium and France and turn the slaves loose upon the country, that the non- .-lavehosderwillbethefirstmantounitewiththeslave-patriotic leader of the Hungarian people came among them to ask for the means of dethroning a Btngle tyrant, whore place might shortly have been supplied bv another.tbe public, thousands o f pairs o f good, substantial boots and shoes, the production of those now out of work, might be sold in this city alone, and ten times as manyiliness.Hon riarke B. Cochrane, M. C . of N. Y , who, it willbe recoil*ctcd, has been confined at his home for some months past by sickness, resumed hie seat in the House oa Monday, and was looking remarkably welLTwo of John Brown's daughters are attending Frank: B. Sanborn £ school at Concord, N. H .Col 0 . W. Telfair, of North Carolina; Mr. L R U ' dridge, of St. Paul; Col. F_ P . Alexander, U. 8. A.; Capt F. Myers. I S A ., and G Hardinge, Esq , of Paris, are stopping at tbe Metropolitan Hotel.Han. Samuel A. Law, who has been for some time ill i t Albany, is rapidly recovering.The Wheeling ( V a ) Mdligmar says-—We •o*eda few merninga ago, the elopemeut of a young conpje from Barnesville. Ohio, who came here to th e Meteaif House, and went to West Alexander in a hurry and g o t to"TM4; This is cnlv half of tbe story, and by no means the best half. Itseemsthat the father of theyoungmat,wno lives near Bnrnesville, had been courting n j , P f ^ f ° *holder to reduce them to subjection; more ready than the slaveholder. And if the resistance should be obstinate it would result in the extirpation o f the negro race. This I Know to be the feeling o f t h e non slaveholders to day Press this question a n d t h e non slaveholders will unite with the slaveholders, either to bring the slaves to sub-The Sandwich I -lands Total.ttat, for he attributed the ^unering of the Lynn cord-wainers rather to circumstances, to their own neglect andto the improvidence of the working men more than to thethoc bosses of Lynn. The strikers propose not only tosecure a temi»rary advance for their labor, but to elevatelbe condition of the laboring classes of the East morallyserially, and Intellectually, as well as pecuniarily.' able prices as w e can buy elsewhere—I cannot see thatnected with our several Foreign Mission Boards, namely — the first five or six weeks of their strike against tremen the thousand pairs, and open a store in our city for the China, Siam and Burtruth . $€pfa dous odds. It was not many years aincc the eloquent and sale of them- I think, if proper appeals were made tonorthern and Southern India and West Africa..... 2*600 The Northern and Southern missions to the Armenians, xc, in Turkey and for Syria Germany, Sweden and Russia.. .3,100t.ttOO He came to ask for assistance in dethroning, he had almost elfowhere. And, as most journeymen possess their ownFIRK is lit ASM SiRRKT—About nine o'clock on Mon- day night a Are broke out on the lourlh tloor of the build-1100 psid,a hundred domestic tyrants, but he would not say\ 'ooo $12,000implements, and either do or may make in their own bouses. I see no reason whythey maynotbehardat work making shoes for us before the close of tills week. And if, after they shall have thus begun to make, with tbe great consuming public as their direct employer, they shall b e encouraged to go ooJn that way for an in- definite period—gi\ ing us as good shoes, and at as reason,jection or to extirpate the negro race And there ia ing No. 161 Duanc street, m the brass foundry of Krull He propc*ed to put into their hands the means any one could justly complain. Rely on it, where this question will end if I said anything, that is Brothers. The llames extended to tbe roof, and also to pay their honest debts and to clothe and educate their fellow citizens, the grievances of work are notMr. .loiixMi.N, from England, was the next speaker. H e£ 2 5 S £ f « ^ of thai, rights, and he bawd H,s atthedoors. v~^ waacawar*aaiatdout. OwirMauibutiois into to?«£MS^* P"»Uponmotion, MrP *>IPT *Mr. SrvnEBi * \r> here proposed that three cheers b egusto.Mr. CIRRT said that he did net think there wae mack danger. His boss had come to bim during the past week and told him he wanted a good man—a two dollars a day man—suchasbelongedtothesociety.(Applause.)Mr.WHITTAKFRsaidthatoutsiders usuallydidcomein every season, and they went out again. (Laughter and applause.)Mr. J. P . MFTBRRX here arose, and said he was there on the part of the Hatters' Union, of this city. Be bad bear : of the painters' society, and was glad to see them coming up to the good came. His object in being present was to req uest themt o appoint a proper1v empowered com -wheretheyoungladyresided,totake *J^* ?L"~*! <w •he Chairmanther to provide for the safety of passengers on ves-as, butwasopposedtoany'<«de WIM"*^^. **-could not wait.Some of dun. w-THJz TZrriuu* **°J-votion to the cause of the working manitcarriedto hise ft h eODtnmJtteeo nCommerce, far-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetMr^jroRxt disclaimed anyta»wM«J»^aw!****•.WAHamrrox Sgi-ARR.—Pursuant to a resolutionof theFulton 13069NewYorkwww.fultonhistory.com1 Man* should be appointed u the day to strike, bat theylSgggf???J*.(fr: Draper}inoVedthat taelst* 