 we arofO©WVOGeo. ofic the* ttiing'eno rsafciotr is» vita TM»-l§C«e M M * r cMnr»e«t«xL.lt» action. 3</c theCon-rw fa 7°°*.<r the-pTir- pportBoii jeatleaoo lave hew*n o'oaven- haoattt*orb*ttufnr-Stato* raai Unionand tho. machino- nobdc m i l » -xiih.re-APH.186fc-CANS*sis reason among-tb*sucoese- moekerypretended ot always- have b*en> attrition of ires, and it i*ady disap- itattoas in-she- piratee- sceat upon- le eoast of t>vi»*onforBroperiy delay, ifroaoved,. idiUm thj^jridBBMHtl do— chaaaa and >n as to tho-here by ail ary properit wouLsV irieodly* u* so well- an effortfovernmec*-. That co»^ have kadi m all «*vprofits. of EnjrfjshMllpowerTreaswry pressure1.43&,96»08 4.0S>U»3Tthat no Indian a. »«-& tt*jiriritioria&$ itSow-Yorkouo, hare who had *ithth*> ;'d Tkia and only h&adfcot haroimports ex- mstuMt paop- of sj^cieCf>n»jjatteo demo*Cftunty, oljontty andOrder*. atkjatotho- to. the samowill befcj-Mark he^Unaoon to.re- proeosd toSummer, nidation.1*OL«HBVthe-Police Japanese, forE w r e tabout th* Gwia k founda- rekationsrecogniaadby of JfiNoan,roia,. Oragou. Mexico andNew>Or-c-verbaul the- tfeatbeett known, tfurer* have hero coo—presented tohe Secretary prion of the ft be reeoi-lar* for this purpose, to be expend-d nnder the super-in each of these large States as he swept through themTimEXECUTIONOF HICKS.shone with a joyous brightness, which would give to the saddest misanthrope a hew desire to live lougeflie Ctontineaifemfflkcompass, gnnpoirder, orMtog, or the discoverr of tinss £ > »guiltless of Naples soap, and as vicious in looks as any been s^^^^0x0^^^^^^6^^^ Twenty- Marshal's deputies; they howled aa only mobs can of the subjects of King Bomba. Yet oar artists rarely•+It was Borne time after this affair that Johnson or Hicks was seen on the coast, was arrested on suspicion of murder, and sent to the Government mines a Cerro Pasco, to a life-long penal servitude. He escaped, and as we have before stated, shipped on the Saladin at Valparaiso. These and other facts were known to a number of Americans residing at that time in Callao and Lima, as well as on nearly every vessel that visitedVINDICATION REMARKSOF THE AT THEARCHBISHOP'SSing Sing Prison for June show the foUowiog gratify- ing results:Contractearnings—...... ......*..........».....*•.....s)S,4w» 49 Miscellaneous — ..«•*»«-*»•••*•»...•.«.««»«..««..««««. A,8€w OS*od;theater,andtlecondemnedmantilaherowhoserole pingtoseehowfullofbrillianteffectsitisforthepur-in the cark tragedy seemed to them not uuenviaVe. If poees of :the artist.. The foul smells of that receptacle$ i^ A pa«y of gentlemen coouected with the Pennsyl- peculiarity of color and style which could not fail to vania and' 2few-Jem«y Rnilroiwi**, and various Phila- make them remarked 'in. any collection.-,The view of**-^"^-ww^-^lvision of Capt. Meigs. Tine provso h*» eomewhat —having left Chambers street at $ p. mi one; day^aad ejnbsrrsssed the Administration, but there seem* to beIrBOdoubt, apart from the quwtion which the designa- tion of that officer involve*, that the operations on the aqueduotrwillshortlyberesumed..• . ii « • > ' • " • • ' -* Pennsylvania Politic*. PrnrswirRGH, Friday, July 13,1860.Oneof the largest Bepubnean meetings overcon- vened in this coun'.v was held on Tnursday right: in Allegheny City. The Wide-Awakes turned out in fail .foroe.; About jyiOO people aseembled, and were ad-the whole distance, traveled- 641 ruilre in 24 hears and York, Pennsylvania, Ohi'orindiana, Hlaibiajand Ken-them from the sea.fpit is^ cerlain, however,- that the oner arose fibm his prayerahd stood beneath the rope, metropolis; It ifl not neoeBsary to go all the way to Archb'shop paid a ~^jh t«ibnte to- the noble impulseswhich have proupted the Protertaots of'KewEngiand the'pedplemt^ the Roman Campagna to find picturesque vagabonda to found and endow liberally so many seahkolloarnidelphia editors, having enjoyed * tour over tbe Buck Mountain* and Letugh Coal Company'aworks, have arrived here, and will proceed over the New-Jersey Central Koad to 23ew«Yorx, and conclude the pleasantVenice. reminds one of the most splendid Claude Lor-ecscumon by a visit to the Great Eastern. -•' ",that' the artist paintafrom Within, and is- no ebbyist. steamboat excursions were advertised, some of tae ah- crime left not its taint, it is not because pirates' own canvas so that its splendors may be enjoyed without case had themselves passed away from tho belief of Opposite to Miss Cnahman lives ; Mr. Tiltoh, and this nouricemehts really being gems in their way.. For an bi-oka are written, and pirates' bodies hung in face Of experiencing'the\discomforta Of its odors. The whole the triune God, and had also become Unitarians. '»/ •'•••;—;—• i • .ffeinstance,letthefcDovringBunice: . ^.:y theworld. •••/;::.-•:•'••:•';:(•< ^':••••/j.•••-•-/'•' aidcwalkwhichsurroundstheMarketiscoveredover ;*rtoel SnXU. BOSTON, Friday, July 13,1860.Ho!FORTHEEXECUTION.—Thebeautifulandcom- modious steamboat CIIICOFKB will leave this city on JMDA T MORNING, for the purpose of; affording all on board an opportu- nity of witnessing theexecution of John Hicks, the pirate. Tne boat will lie near the island until the ceremonies are over, Thta will be a fine chance for aea captains and sta-faring men generally to view tbe exit of one ot the met atrocious of these scourges of their profession. Tbe.Chicopee will afterward run up tho NoxtuAs theprisonerBtood withtherope abouthianeck 'and waited for the crawing of the black cap, his eyesbyadilapidatedshed,andasyoulookthroughthevistayou see a strange collection of fruits and flowers, andThe Boston Courier establishment was attached to- -day, at the suit of the Hon. John P. Hare of New- Hampshire, for an alleged libel contained in an article published in The Courier> of the 2d in»t. Mr. Hale claims $10,000 for damage. It is understood that Caleb Cufthing, B. F . BuUcr, and Charles Levi'Wood- bury, have been retained by The Courier proprietorsto defend the suit. ,i <m •!'.. jConviction of Crow, the Forger. bajsn spoken of at certain breakfasts. Rome is said to the nature of the m-.-ral refreshments to be furnished PHii.AOEi.rHXA, Friday, Jaly 13,1860. befa great place for gossip. W e believe it—not from on board. . One of them offered a most attractive pro- Col. J. B. Cross, the celebrated forger, has been any peculiar experience of the kind, but from the na- gramme; she was to visit the scene of the execution,again turned toward the sloop, oh whose deck he did human "beings in all possible varieties of costsmc. Mormons, then, according to The Times, they* vy-ouldhave a right to claim the property of both, and after- ward cry out, in the very ears of the newspaoer, | See " what we have done tor religion and education, w e " Mormona; if you do not believe our word, look at " Trinity Church and Columbia College—these are the "monuments of what we have done for rehgion, eda- " cation, and mankind." . j-cottvicteo of forging a check on the Consolidated Bank of this city.•Fire at Philadelphia.PHILADELPHIA, Friday, July 13,1860. The extensive car manufactory of Kimball & Gor- ton, in Twenty-th st and Hamilcou streets, was burned this morning.- .Thebuildings covered the entire square, and were valuablystocked. Loss$30,000} insured. Itis believed that the origin of the hre was accidental.• • • ; « • » '••ture of the case." —Thefollowingincidentinthelifeofthelate G. P.R. James is related on the credit of " one of his oldest and most intimate literary friends:"the sun, near heaps of pine-apples, glittering like mountains of light, are grtat lumps of ice jojjt landed from a canvas-covered ice-cart. The whole scene looks as confused with color as a painter's palette; itand indeed of the Catholic public in general, had been annoyed at a growing tone of censure on their efforts to encourage Catholic education—and this from speak- ersorwriters professing their own religion, ^vast amount of nonsense reterring to etlmology, Teutonics, Anglo-Saxons; Celts, Germans, Frax ks, &.c.The writer is of the opinion that all these nations, in our dayt are as untraceable, and, to a great extent, uhdifctinguishable, as the waters of which the] Mis- sissippi Kiver is composed, as it sweeps slowly along, above the City of New-Orleans, Every CatholicT b eEditorial Excursion. BETHLEHEM, Friday, July 13,1860.At 9 o'clock yesterday morning a large number of invited spectators assembled on board tho steamer Red Jacket, lying at the Collins Dock. Amongthose wnose official dutie* called them to the place were Marshal Rynders, Deputy Marshals Joseph Thompson and L. D'Angelis, Sheriff Kelly, Mr. Sutton, the Wa*den of the City Prison, Father Duranquet, Deputy Superin- tendent Carpenter, U. S. Commiauioner Still well, Coro-it. The only sign of life then remaining in it was a -r-Apropoa of markets. We alluded lately to the is getting tired of all this nonssense. Those ] who' The Editorial Excursion from Philadelphia, through the interior of this State, will proceed over the New- -Jersey; Central JEtailroad to-oay to New-Y ork, and visitthe Great Eastern. •striking contrast exhibited by some of the recently erected marble stores in Broadway when compared with some of the old atoreB down-town, built thirtyboat to the undertaker, from whom it was to pass to years ago, as showing the great progress that has beenABalloonGREAT BEHD, Friday, July 13,1860.new Tompkins Market, built opposite the Cooper In- stitute, though a piece of acandalous Corporation job-they would have suggested other shapes, and forms, and dimensions, for the mountains, the valleys, tho hills) and even the ocean itself, than those which hisW—Shot ptear.' TWmosueter "<J°.CAP* IUCS—Weather very thick riac* * fc. m.POLITICAL.the body to be exhumed and a Coroner's Jury to besummoned. This consisted of Messrs. L. S. Osborn,Wm. McCrum, T. Sabin, W. W. Fritts, Harvey Ba- to his death. The curtains of the carriage in which he to live twenty years more without having a similar ker, E. B. Shove, Perry Bennett, M. R. Watkins, I. rode were, however, closely drawn, and the crowd, sight thrust upon us.H. Peters, P. Wright, and T. McCall. An examina- who had sacrificed eo much time and personal com- A STORY OF HICKS, THE PIRATE.tion w as made by Drs. J. S. Sprague and Horace La- fort, felt that wrong had been done tbem. Some weeks since, when this wretch was first at-soon be added to the collection in the City Hall, but tlbere has not yet been any appropriation made for the portrait of Governor Clark. Do our Aldermen mean to ignore the existence of that worthy "public func- tionary" altogether?view of a pyramid, relieved by the presence of a ver- dant oasis. '"'• *»*Neia-York, July12, I860. " '.,.RUSSIAN EMANCIPATION.-—Wo translate from the Gazette du Nord the following bases of emanci- pation, which that journal announces as having—Gexu Hagadorn withdraws from the chair editorial of The Troy Budget rather than be kicked out of hisV oyage.ticket* and that he would never aapport the Democratic adds to the excitement prevailing in the community.doctrines. The same causes are operating upon tho Mrs. McCraney has already stated that Huldah Mc- •Germanmindeverywhere." Craneyistheseventhpersonshehasbeenaccusedofpoisoning. She was conveyed to jail on last Sunday —On Monday evening the Germans of Chicago held morning, where she will remain till the time for herpolice. A procession was then formed on board in the following order, the military arrangements being underthedirectionofMajorJohnB.Hall: Aplatoon of the military; the prisoner, walking between Mar- shal Bynders and Sheriff Kety on the one side, and his confessors on the other; the physicians—Drs Geo.—Miss Stebbins and Mr. Mozier, two of our. native sculptors, have reoemly returned to New-York from Borne, and it has been announced that George Cruik-" VII.; A s to the manner in which the Goverhmef* will collect these amounts, the landholder* need havo no concern about it; for this will be accomplished with- outtheirparticipation,andastheGovernmentshall hereafter determine.party in its corruptions, extravagance, and Pro-Slaverya grand Republican meeting. Carl Sehorz made onetrial,wbichwilltakeplaceinDecembernext. Evidencefirst made himself famous by his caricatures, and then achieved a new reputation as a Temperance reformer. No Englishman would -have been more heartily wel- comed here than this greatest of JBritannia'a Georges, but unhappily he has not paid us the compliment of a personal visit.citizen, in consequence of emancipation, the, power of the landholder over him entirely ceases.""WW 'i:tucky. . —OnThoredaynext,Ju^yl^the;new,President ofHarvard College, C^MCHUS ConwayJFenton, .will be inaugurated; ;' ^ *$$'• ••",:•'paternal Government <-f the United States has not oftenan Qpportunity of gratifying itB children and of incul- clofcing aboutfeimto:'hide- the view, raged like wild who would look well on canvas. We bavelazzaroni But he could not grant that meed of praise to the r-1:' ','.•'' ' „;: ;., X^l^^;•CJ"vJ' •'-'mvMMM1DMB^ITM^J^:wmmmmtmjAART ITEMS.arrived in Cleveland at 5:90 p \ m on thejasxt; maidag: aa to pretend that the Universitieo^f Eurooe'WeVe in-now be committed on the land aid the security thrown in »he scene which should have subdued the clamor of lect the rich materials for pictures and BtorM which debted to them for anything except, the perversion of 20minutes,andpassing througK,the; Staies;of'*',New- aboutthembythe municipal authorities, havedriven themobtosilence; butitwashotso. Whenthepris; abound inthe highwaysandbyways of thisteeming the purposes for which tbeywere ^^blished. Thomight as well cNfof&hat tho It may be that the facility with which murders can among men in such a world. There was a sublimity % *-Gur artists', a s well as our authors, strangely neg? hemisphere was brought into existence by Protestants,catingagreatmorallessonbythe spectacleofapublic execution—a Grand Gala Hanging, as it would havebeastsdeprivedoftheirfood. ; Theyhurledcoarsecomin abundance, hanging about our publicmarkets,as«slant usurpers of literaryand immense fouiudat. which Ltd been created by Catholic piety and Catoohc Lberality. ..-.».,The Times is not a strong-minded woman. And if dressed.by tbe Hon. Kobe. McKnight, Representative i —Jim.StowOgiveein Tht+ independent, thefoH<>w- nine years ago,. Gibbs andl Wansley, two pirates/ howl at individuals whom for the moment they hate. think it becoming in them, to give us a glimpse of the you 7 efer it to the masculine gender, yon will discoverfrom, the XXlid District, and other gentlemen.' The isg pleasantaccount of Housekeeping in Borne.: whose adventures and crimes) narrated in the PirateIs "We will see that d—d pirate hung," roared they, and iooae fish that float m tW tiirbid stream of our own so- that it is weak in logic, though by no mean* deficientnames of linootn and Hamlin were hailed with great enthusiasm.*« Apartments when once engaged are capable ofteeming to one quite homelike. Our own eetabliah- Own Book, have furnished much improviog mental they would hot be pacified.#it, and delightedly imparts to yon in return the grandsecret of a place where you can find English biscuits.Old residents here pique themselves on getting up na-tional dishee out of the possibilities of an Indian nounced excurbiens in the bayj delicately hinting at surely come. But it is to be feared that to the crowd low lemons and cantelopea; market women in blue kitchen. Fish-balls and corn-cake, for example, haveA large balloon, containing two persona, passed overthis viiuuge la»t night, between 10 and 11 o'clock. It ' A POISONING CASE IN OTSEGO. was moving southward- • iItis supposedtohave been theAtlantic,whichas- ARESPECTABLELADYACCUSED. everykind,whoscentfromafaranythinginthenatureadieutothepirate,thenturned to greetthe pugilist. boastof. - vfeneration. The comparison between Catholic and TOtestant education in this country is necessarily falla- cious, even when the writer would wish to be just. I t is unfair. It discourages many, who, notwithstanding the obstacles in their way, entertain a deep seal for tho present progress and ultimate success of Catholic educa-cended from Albany yesterday.'"'m 'Fire.WiNnsOB, C. W., Friday, July 13, I860.Mr. Bailey's store and warehouse, in this place, withits contents, was burned this morning. Mr. Hunt's excitement in this neighborhood.of a free excursion with an accuracy that never goes astray.The throng of official spectators returned to the Bed Jacket and the seductions of its hospitable bar. On the way to the city, a way made longer than necessary—•Mr. Hicks has nearly finished his portrait of Gov.King for the City Hall; it is a striking portrait, and a,very good picture. The Governor is representedstand ng at full length in a suit of sober black costvmeCorrespondence of The N. Y. Tribune. " ' MEDFORD, Otsego Co.,K. Y., July 10,1860.For the past four weeks, the McCraney poisoningA bar well stocked with bad drink, and a table piled by another cheerful pleasure excursion up the high with sandwiches, early commenced a thrivingbusiness, which was continued with little intermission. Hudson, an injudicious man" called, and partially or-case, which occurred at Oneonta, has created an intensedcrig-ueur, between two windows draped with ohve- tion. . .- Now, the Archbishop's remarks were intended tocolored curtains, while on hia antique desk is a rather meet and stem this surreptitious influx cf these -newconfn&ed assemblage of books and papers, more credit- and fallacious ideas. Those who. listened to him, while they did not feel that he had spoken diarfebpectfully of able to the skill of the artist than to the methodical Protestants in any way, still became conscious that bis habits of his Excellency. It looks more like the desk remarks were calculated to infuse a more energetic and of an editor than of a Governor. But, why ia there a more hopeful spirit than these lugubrious commenta-'Eastern. Refreshments on board. i ' ,Other steamers were not so explicit and circumstan- tial in their advertisements. They modestly an-**was to enjoy a ^aj's' fishing, and finally was to meet JohnC. Heenanin token of welcome as he returned to his country in the Vanderbilt. So it* seemed rea- sonable to expect that many pupils would learn the lesson taught by the hanging.cause, for at hia apeeial request the final act washastened on, and at fifteen minutes past eleven thecheck upon the weight was cut and he was run intothe air. There followed hardly a motion of a limb,and nothing that could be called a struggle. Death is all.over daubed with red, black, green, yellow, and appeared to come quickly and without pain. At the purple. It is just a scene like this, with its human ac- expiration of twelve minutes the body was lowered a cessories, that Gignoux has dasbed upon his canvas little way, and the physicians in attendance examined with an effect wonderful for its breadth and vigor."When Mr. James was a young man, his cousinwas about to marry the daughter of an eminent lawyerof the time, and the titie-deeda of this gentleman's en-tailed property were, at the request of the father of theyoung lady, submitted to his examination. The keenlawyer discovered that the parents of the gentlemen,although moving, in the beet society of London^ hadnever been married. Mr. James waa made acquaintedwith this awkward fact, and at the same time informedthat he himself was the heir-at-law. - The match wasabout to be'broken off, and much distress occasioned onevery side, when Mr. James, having quietly taken pos-session of the prbpeity, went at once to the unhappy ner O'Keefe, Drs. Covill, Woodward, and Simmons, the friends who claimed it. _ young man, his relative, and .conveyed to him thewhole of the property, which amounted to a very hand-some independence.'"and a large body cf repoiters and Bpecial United States deputies. In addition to these, there were nearly a thousand men well known about town, and particu- larly in the vicinity of the City Hall, men who are always seen at public festivals and merrymakings of> The immense flotilla of small boats then broke up,and those on board Bought their pleasure elsewhere.The larc.e steamers, rolling heavily by reason of their , bery, is a miracle of architectural beauty compareddangerous loads, went clumsily off. The vessel which with the Fulton Market, which, forty years ago, was Divine wisdom had appointed, and which, on thawhole, mankind in general are, by choice or necessity, waato welcome John C. Heenan fired two guns in one of the city wonders that New-Yorkers used to obliged to recognize. Mere fault finders are a uselessganized, a meeting in the saloon for the purpose of Craney, a young lady of attractive personal appear- road to Tyburn, where the doomed Englishman for- thanking Marshal Bynders for the manner in whichhe bad conducted the execution. The projector of thisi:'warehouse, adjoining, was a>so partially burned. . Lose not heavy, and covered by insurance. Daring the fire Kit-hard L&wson of Windsor fell into the riverand waa drowned.Jfioobery at Trenton. TKKKTOX, Friday, July 13,1860.Messrs. Titus 6c Scudder's store was robbed last night of P2,5QQ worth of silks. The store was entered by fala© keys. There is no clue to the thieves*Weather Report.ST. J«XS*. X. r., Fruky. 3vdy Xs, I860.—Wind N. W. adayortwo,butthesuspicionsoftheneighborscaused thefinalspectaclehadthelimitedprivilegeofstanding:The victim of the poisoning was Huldah Ann Mc- This was a feature quite like the' old ale-house oh themanda to btand aside; they cursed the Marshal and thein cunning, and the p-tty sophistries of the science which looks to cunning for its inspiration.It tolls us that the people of England, '-for instance, were Catholics up to the period of Henry VUX's / reign; that they had been Catholics until. then, and that now they had become Protestants; and that, of course, whatever tbey had done as Catuoiics, shouldprecious thing going here, as indeed it ehould be. Bat Inland was much crowded from 9 o'clock tiHthe execu- music to make the occasion perfect. And all this con- tempted to give us more frequent glimpses of them. but the inttinct of cunning and of sophistry, couldit is a healthy, airy location-, only ten minutes' walk tion took place, and the bay presented a very animated couree of people, this glitt>r and array was for Hicks We have seen recently some sketches in oil of street have put such a view of the case mto thofromitheMontePihcio,thegreatpublicwalkofSome,spectacle."Afewyearslater,DavisandWilholm r ;mindofTheN.-Y.Times.Itiscontraryto The Masonic Convention in session here,, to-day and is a street, moreover, full of agreeable neighbors. the pirate - It is probable that his thoughts were upon scenes in New-York, by Gignoux, which showwhat reason and to justice. It is conbary toJtfi&ltirl"' Politic*.ST. LOUIS. Friday,JolyJt3,1860.MJatoun. :'$:'.:,•'' « o » • - — — . . •elected tbe following offi^-ers: Mrjfilarrhigton, GrandMaster; Mr. Simpson, Deputy <2«md &lHster; Mr.Gale of Quebec, G. S. W.; Mr. Warren of St. Thomas^G. J . W . The Grand Lodge will be held at London:next year. The majority of the delegates leave here arefuxnialed with that quaint, old, carvedfurnitureThos C. Staples has announced himself «*candidateM a f t o n f cOTTAWA, C W., Friday, July 13,1860.to-day.APleasureTour.*• BETHXEHBW, Fenn., Friday, July ^3, i860.which has come down from olden times of Italian magnificence, and which is both historic and poetic. Gems, of modern art adorn the walls—a portrait of a RomangirlbyPage,-andasuperbviewofVeniceby Tilton.- Both these, paintings are characterized by amusthave been some to whose active imaginations this • by the dilapidated sheds which surround that disgrace- was, perhaps, well to renew the leaBon by hanging up was only a brave show, the grassyj hill-aide a noble ful appanage of the city, Fulton Market, without stop-entirely adverse to the decision of TheM* Y. Times. But let us admit for a moment that "The 7Vmes''ts;hot:in a fog. what would be the consequence? WelaveseenitmNew-England.Collegesfoundedby Trinitarians have been clandestinely brought over to' the managementof the Unitariahs-nand those whoatill believed m the Trinity have not asserted theju*;©r%inalment in Via Gregoriana seemed to us in a day or two food, were hanged on Ellis's, or Gibbet, Island, in ourBut soon the rope was adjusted, and then for a few and EdouardFrere loves to paint French children; butas natural and homelike as if we had always lived harbor. The papers of the time contain accounts of seconds, the man for a sight of whose death struggles the delight of our artists, withan exception or two, ishere. this execution, from which it aptears that, then as " It is true our parbrs are not on the sunny side ofthey cried aloud looked out upon the wonderful pier to paint likenePBes iof an Italian pifierari, or a peasant for Congress 'from the Vth Congressional District of the Btieet; a fact which leseers their value in the mar- now, not a few people took advantage of the spectacle ture before him. The shipping, bedecked with flags, boy of the Campagna. Our streets, too, are sofull ofket somewhat," since suultght is deemed the most toindulgeinapartialholiday; for wereadthat "the wasaagayasatSicilianalfesta;therewasneededonly brilliant color thatit isawonderour artists arenot, inuretothebenefitofthenewcreeds, Now, nothing:Miss Cushman has established herself in a set of were hanged on theeameltla-sd, and these arei believed other things, though he seems not to have been above unworked capabilities there are in this crowded' me- the decisions of our Courts. It is contrary to the rightsrooms on this street, where she lives in company with to have been the latest public executions before tho the vanity of desiring to make a brilliant death. But, tropolis" for the'artist.' One of these sketches is as re- of a; community. It is at violence with the commonMiss Hoemer and Miss Stebbins. Nothing could present time. Twenty years have wrought so many vsurely; among the hundreds of boys;jmd youthful men markable for its brflliancy of color and picturesqueness law of England, and of all nations that recognize publicchanges in the audience which then assembled, and jurisprudence and individual rights. Cases- hrvotving: have so far effaced the good effect of the' scene, that it who follow the. sea, and who weretijierepresent, there as for its truthfulness. Thousands have daily passed the principle even in our own city have been decidedbe more artistic and charming than her rooms. TheyHicks on the moet conspicuous and accessible spot of landbelongingtotheGovernment.". •]' \'Injustice to the people, it. should be said that, theyshowed a praifieworthy alacrity in taking advantage of who saw the bangirg at Bedloe's Island yesterday, sensitive natures !from ]hhgering long among itsance, of unusual beauty, indeed, aged at her death merly paused and quaffed his last drink. It may haveabout 17 years. She was a girl of most agreeable been necessary to add to the improving nature of the movement offered his resolution in a rambling speechmanners, and possessing a genial humor which en- spectacle by this display of meat and drink on board of Borne length, and little point. ,In^ response, Mr.deared her to a large circle of friends. On the 28th of the boat which bore a man to the gallows, but as a Bynders simply said that he was glad to receive the no portrait of that " good old man," Governor Clark, tors had made them acquainted with.April, after a slightillness a physician was summoned,and remedies were prescribed as for an ordinary andnot serious disorder. The patient rapidly grew worsetill the 11th of May, and then died. She was buried in them from enjojing the facilities offered for viewing cheers was made, he at once lebuked it, and broughtef his most stirring speeches, after whicix he was has not yet been made public which points with much F . Woodward, Covill, Thompson, A. C. Bell, Phelp?,escorted home by the Wide Awakes, and finally sere-clearness to the motive for this last deed, but the skein willprobably be unraveled before long. In the minds of those who know the accused, and who sa n her at the inquest, there seems not to be a shadow of doubt that she is guilty, and guilty of unnatural cruelty; for the testimony before the Coroner oppeared to show that she had daily administered poison while pretend-ing to nurse the daughter she was murdering.BEAHOMNFOK TAKING THE TRIBUNE.—A subscriber in Otsego County gives the following very sufficient reasons for taking THE TRIBUNE. He says:Kennedy, Barry, Welch, and Cburch; members of the preBs; military. - As Hicks walked from he saloon through the open ranks" of this procession to his place at tbe head, he appeared still unmoved, and it wasim- poeeible to say that the palenees of his face was not alone the natural effect of his confinement. Instead of the hat he wore when he first came on board, he had upon his head the black cap soon to be dra. *n over his face; it was worn rather jauntily, and from its top, flutteredstiearning ribbons. Upon his shouldemwas a silken cape, also black.-.SINOSING PRMOK.—The financial statistics of thonaded.1 he city was alive with enthusiasm.PERSONAL,—Mr. Egbert L. Viele, formerly Chief Engineer on the Central Park, is likely soon to receive a handsome addition to his foxtuse. His father-in-law, tho late Mr.George Griffin, dying, left as estate valued at about a quarter of a million. After miking ample .provision for the maintenance of his wid>?r, and be- queathing various sums to children and near relatives, MJ. prima directs that tho residue of his estate shall be divideo into tour portions, to be shared among his children and grand-children. So that Mrs. Vicle's share cannot tall much abort of $30,000.— A peidler named Simon Lord is wanted to ans- -wer the charge of bigamy in Michigan. He is sup- joeed t o * e i a this State somewhere. He has someTotal — •• ...... Expenditure* (ordinary) Repairs...-•••• — ••<>............«.seven Wives uving—the last one a young, and yerj tcrcstingdaughterofawealthyfarmer.inmembers of the press. The scene here was moat publish a life of Garibaldi. A Boston publisher atThe Archbishop i* represented as having attacked muttons sold and the natural increase of the flo<ik~—Col. John Johnson of Cincinnati has bee* a mem- ber of the Masonic organization,5a good atauding, for $5years. Hoi*now ift hie86thye*^ ^ d is attached tothoMoMilBnLodgeKo. 141, Ohio. He is probably IfceoldestF>eeMasonintheUnitedStates."Howtt in the lodge presided over by George Washington morethan -10 years.work,payinghim$5Q0for-thenu Aportionwasre- ofCommencement. Nqthingcouldbe-more-foreign; from his intention, or more false mpoint of faoL ButThe gallows was placed on the north-easterly slope " I cannot do nor lire without TKB TKIBTJKB. I have been a of the island, almost at the water's edge. It was theSm: An editorial article in The N. Y. Times of this date, is exceedingly unfair toward the Arch-Wooi. Caor.- •CoL John Wohkra of Warreaton,aub«crib«r several years and must continue /or years to come. I am a farmer, and THK TaiBUWR saved me $50 In one aingle year, on a small lot of butter. It is invaluable for all families, and particularly for tanners; and tbey should not be satisfied with the Weekly, but should aubscrfbo for the Daily, and I guarantee they will save money enough every year in sales of stock and produce td doubly pay for the Dsilyl"The above is only a specimen of many, and we give it only to show bow those who know, appreciate the value, of our full, correct and reliable reports of the. marketforallkindsoffarmproduce.FROM HA V ANA.—By the arrival of tho steamshipinstrument used for a long time at the Tombs, aad •understanding his character refused to receive him. last. To those who have kept record or memory of crop:Philadelphia, we have Havana dates of the 7th inst.ThereisnothingofimportanceintheHavana ofexcursionsteamers,andTowboatsinnumerable,allBoston publisher will not be abie to recover his $503 fromDuma8.to education, as-friends of darkness and enemies, of in- telligent light.. This, under the persecution* of the Brit- ishGovernment,atleast,wohavebeenohligedtosub-liberating tome of tho heakhy Africans t>;©refe*charge of the United States Marshal They 'ibun*i anotiSr partythere,fromCharleston,andarr/jngsjatat, .^papers.Sugars were firm. As freight* w<>re declining, inconsequencecrowded, all pending up shouts and jeers and the hum of a thoniand voices. Now. and then a white-wioged yacht glided past, this also cat rying a doeble freight.nit to almost in silence. In these free United States, satisfactorily made for removingthont^roea; bn*owingof the' lane number of vessels offering, the present rates ofeditors or not, to blind their eyes against the truth of naw has been commenced under the most promising history. 'auapicos. It is said that the quality of the salt com- _ N o w , the Archbishop said nothing that could offend pares favorably with that manufactured at Syraouse. Protestants, or that could reflect upon them injuriously,It is thought that with the present limited facilities, the vinlees they regard truth f4s an injurious inflection. Itof Florida (it is feared she is IO*M the whole scheme failed. The entire population of Key West is said to be opposed to the sending of tb/j negroes hank to Af- rica ; and the negroci vi xsh to Mfty, the-nselvts. Tho party say that the negroes w ,uld be taken very easily byafewdet»rntinedmen. Mis actwouldbequite as moral as the Government e robbery of the firat nur-IMoatgoaicry (Aja.) Mail 7 ^ 1 ^ .'—A traveler "by rail" between New-York City andSow-Orleans, writes that he took breakfast at Roches- tion* are as last reported. BtAck 825,000 boxes, which will hore- The sloop E. A. Johnson, the theater of the crime for ter, K. Y., dmner at Erie, Pa., and supper a*Cleve- »fter deereese daily, all tbe plantation* having finished grinding. which the pirate was to suffer death, was there, gaySugar will probably be maintained during the Summer. Quota-Molassea turn at 37sfe40tc. •& k«g for clayed; Mu&covaduesknd, Ohio, then breakfast the next morning at Sey- active nt Wic56ic. ty Keg. Cigars—Large Hales, under recent with flogs, filled with the friends of the murdered Capt.arrival* of new Tobacco. Tobacco—Several lots new sold at Burr. Over all was the most chesting atmosphere and a mour, Ind., dinner at Olney, IB., and breakfast the 'oyer rate*. Z^urd a fraction higher. Lumber nominal. Mfcneynest morning at Columbus, Ky. being only one meal ~r*T2* l»»w©vemwjt. Kxchauge* firm at !S4'SCl»i- on London, flood ofsunlight,beneathwblchthewutorsBparkledand f and Wlb premium on. New Y«k, fce.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069product will bo from IjOOO to 2,000 bushels per week* This will shortly he increased three orfour fold.is certain that, so far as jfiurope is concerned, they havebad nothicg to do witia the establiebment of the greateetUa of burning, whether ia the BrithtU I t e d a or oa ? cUaeeis*matter of taste its introduction was hardly gratifying. At 9 | o'clock, Hicks was brought from the Tombs. Those whope occupations or engagements preventeda long time in the sun about the City Prison, and of catching a passing glimpae of the murderer as he wenthanging. We, in this community, can well be content—Among the young painters of genre subjects whocomfortaWo seat in the Cnstom-Hoa»e, where he re- • throp, jr., of the Albany Medical College. The pres- Hicks was dressed in an inexpensive suit of blue made on the authority of a gentleman connected with have gone over to Paris from this country to perfect been adopted by a majority of the deputies of theceives $1,095 per annum, payable monthly, and the du- ties of which consist of his drawing the pay and veri-ence of arsenic was clearly shown. cloth, plain, with the exception of anchors embroidered this office, who bad seen Hicks, or Johnson, on theThe Jury held several long sessions and examined in white on the. collar. Hishandswere fastened before Pacific Coast, and who had identified him in the City amples of whose talent that we have seen evince amany witnesses, including several members of the fam- him. Beiog taken on board, he waa led through the Prison. We. alluded to some of- his murderous opera- tions in that neighborhood. Several communications,nobility, and upon, which the final ukase will be issued during the course of the present Autumn:fying the pay rolL—The Ctica Herald learns on authority entitled to ily of the deceased. At last, on the 23d ult., the fol- after saloon to the cabin below, where he remained probably written by his friends, were sent to Thevery great promiee.'.'.. • s—It is a long time since Mr. Weir has exhibited a serfs is the more indispensable, both to the landholderscredit, that both John Van Buren and Gen. John A. lowing verdict was rendered: most of the time during the trip, conversing in low Evening Post> endeavoring to cast a doubt upon thoseDix are enlisted in support of Breckinridge. With " That Huldah Ann McCraney caime to her death,by arsenical tones with his religious advisers. His manner was statements; but his confession Just published confirms new picture. His profetsional dutiea at West Point ap- and to the serfs, because both consider it as having ex-poison, and that »nch poison waa willfully and feloniously admin- our assertion then made, aa Hicks now admits that " he pear to absorb nearly all his time. He was appointed to isttd in fact Bince the ukase which laid down tho such old Free-Soilers cooperating with the leading istered by the band of KliaabHb P . McCraney." calm, and he was apparently without feeling; he cer- *: was for several years on the western shore of this post when Mr. Leslie retired from it in disgust, general principles of emancipation.Harde, tike Dickinson, the Bieckinxidge forces promise to present quite a formidable array in this State.—Herschel V. Johnson, in a political speech in Phil-Elizabeth P . McCraney, eo unpleasantly brought to tainly showed no emotion, and occasionally came up " America, between California and Chili.'' There are and since then he has painttd but few pictures besidethe notice of the public, was the stepmother of the de- the stairs, and1 advanced a step or two into the saloon, some other transactions in which Hicks was engaged, " II. The official promulgation of the individual lib- ceased. She is about 50 years of age, a woman of wearing a smile on his face. He expressed no wish not mentioned in the confession, which it may be worth his great historical painting for the Capitol at Wash- erty of the serfs fixes two years as the term of proba-while to relate. One of them is as follows: ington. But we learn that he has recently completed unusually brilliant, not to say dashing, appearance, with regard to his execution, except that it should be A merchant residing at Paita, Peru, familiarly known a picture, the subject of which is "Taking the Veil,"adelphia in 1856, endeavored to enforce the doctrinethat " capital should own its laborersJ' Is that popu- showing that she once possessed rather a remarkable conducted as rapidly as possible. He wished no one to as " Paddy Hinea," owned a vessel called the Union, and somebody who has seen it calla it " auperb," anlar doctrine with the Douglas and Johnson men in the son-slaveholding States?degree of beauty, the remains Of which still exist. Her features are clearly cut, and the expression of her mouth indicates great decision of character and un- common executive ability. Her eye is sharp and pen-(peak with him there or at the gallows, except the confessor who accompanied him, and he was under- stood to say that at the last he desired to be left quite alone. .which w a s sometimes amployed in legitimate traffic,and at others in smuggling. The crew was generally epithet which doea not apply with much force to the chanted 'on each trip, as many of these "•beach- T)*B/VTAaas%m'a Atnai* wi/>TYI>AO 'IT1IAYT tiAvrA VIIAIM ms\ *£*•<*heretofore a strongDouglas paper, has hoisted the flag of Breckinridge etrating. By many a distinct and remarkable resem-combers," or salt-water loafers, would merely ship tobut they are not of an order that can be justly desig-—The Lynchburg Republican,r«-ach some one of the many portB along the coast, fromThe Bed Jacket romainel sometime at the dock, Guayaquil to Valparaiso, *t which the Union stopped. nated as superb.leaee ittohim; period than six years." IV . In case the landholder shall not have been ablje to comd to a satisfactory,arrangement with his serf at tbe expiration of the two years, the Government shallintervene to give to the serf the desired amount of ara- ble land on the existing bases of the economic condition of the serfs, giving them, however, the option of taking; a leas amount of land than they now occupy." V . A local commission, appointed for the purpose, and divided into an original and an appellate jurisdic- tion, shall be established tp appraise, according to pres- ent prices, the lands which are to be granted to tho. serfs." VI. The sum which shall thus become due to the land-holder as the purchase-money of his land, shall be reimbursed by the Government, either in cash or fax bonds, bearing five per cent interest. yandLane. Mr.Glass,theeditor,wasadelegatetothe blanceisseenbetween Mrs.McCraneyandMrs.Cun- waitingtillthetideshouldbefavorable,toalandingatIt need hardly be sain that these men were generally of the worst claea, for the most part deserters from, the English and American vessels (whalers and others) that happened to touch at the coast for fresh provisions.—Page's Venus is now on a starring tour through the interior of this State. The goddess was lately ex- hibited in Albany, the native city of the artist, and where some of hisfinestportraits may be found, greatlyBaltimore Convention. He withdrew from the original body, but took no part in the proceedibgs of the one which nominated Breckinridge. •ningham.She was married to Mr! McCraney early in y1859,Bedloe's Island, where the execution was to tike place. Meanwhile, the crowd ate, drank, at>d made merry—with a merriment slightly subdued) perhapSjAi Arica, on one of the smuggling expeditions of—-James R. Crawford, Democratic elector for the Mr. McCraney was her third husband, her second, but not repressed. At last the boat started, and took Hines s vessel, nearly all the crew deserted. The cap- to the delight of the chaste Albanians, if the local jour-taking to his house her own daughter, Lucia Baker.Mr. Baker, having died under rather peculiar circum- tain, in order to complete his voyage, was forced to nals are to be trusted. vThe late John L. Schoolcraft a pleasure trip up the river for some distance, giring engage such material aa presented itself, and amongX V l l l t h District of Pennsylvania, repudiates theDouglas and Breckinridge 1uaion arrangement started stances. Of her previous history very little is now to all.who chose to look ah excellent view of the the number that applied for a berth was Johnson, since of Albany was a liberal patron of Mr; Page, and of the in that State. known. Her father is a"Methodist preacher, residing Great Eastern. When sufficient recreation had been discovered to be Hicks. He stated that he had been finest of his portraits was a half-length of..'that gentle-1•M*—The Parke County Republican has the following in Wisconsin, at Prairie du Chien. On her mother's thus afforded, her head was turned, and she went. engagedin an affray at a " pulpere9?" or low porter- man, painted about fifteen years since.> side she is said to be related to Aaron Burr. _ . house, in which he had wounded, if not killed, tworespecting t&e German vote in Evansville, Indiana: directly to the island, which was reached at 11 o'clock. " Cholahs," or half-breeds, and was anxious to get —^There are two or throe marine pieces by Mr. Brad- •jf Mr. Bump, who has just returned from Evansville, She was one of the witnesses at the inquest, and her Having moored to the wharf, Marshal .Bynders ad- awavv He was engaged for the voyage to GuayaqaiL ford of New-Bedford, at the Gallery of Mr. Schaua, ininforms us that at least one-third of the entire German testimony was given in a very calm and collective dressed those in the saloon, and requested all to leave At Paita, however, where the vessel" stopped, the Broadway, which are worth seeing One of them is avote of that city has changed from the Democratic manner, though from some appearances the spectators it, except the*physicians, the reporters and his offi-party in favor ox Abraham Lincoln since the nomina-tJott- On*, German who owns a foundery and works were led to believe that her self-possession was as- cials. This, was done, and the whole number on iicen to resist the officers, and a terrible scene ensued. aide of Nantucket, one of the wildest points, oh our en-ISO hands; and who, with them, has always voted the sumed, and maintained by a severe effort. Her second board, with the exceptions named, at once passed from After vainly struggling,, the would-be captors were tire eea coast.Democratic ticket, told Mr. Bump that he and all his husband, Mr. Baker, whose death was just now al- the boat, and marched four abreast"up the bill to thehands would vote for Liucoin and the Republican luded to, was a resident of this county, and the fact rear of the gallows, preceded by a squad of the citydriven from tbe vessel, one of them being thrown overboard and. drowned, and the others having received several dangerous wounds.Belore the Union reached her destination informa-tion was gained by the crew that the lever was raging Bhank, the artist, came in the same ship with them.inGuayaquil,andthattheinhabitantswereleavingthe Butthe"G.Cruikahank"whosenamowaaannouncedtown in great consternation. To the appeal to ret urn,the captain turned a deaf ear. What occurred further in the • passenger list, was not the great George who " VIII. Finally, as soon as the serf sb*U become •> may not be fully known, but in less than two monthsafterward the Union was found beached *t Albemarle,one of the Galhpagos Islands, deserted, with her deckscovered with blood. She was reported by a New-Bedford whaler, and after a while was returned to herowner. But the captain never made his appearance.The conclusion is that he was murdered.upon it fourteen men have been hanged. The United States troops formed a hollow square behind this, and within the square marched the prisoner, his religious advisers, the officers of the law, the physicians, and the:. •• - [Evening Post. the course which The N. Y. Times has pursued From a flock of 1.000 head of merino sheep he has clipped this season about 4.000 pounds of wool, which .striking. The brow of the hill was covered with a densethrongofmen; infrontofthemwasthesquare of the military, incloebg the gaUows, beneath which the prisoner andhis confetsors [kneeled, on the green- sward; the bay was alive with yraterrciaft of many kinds, including several barges in tow,' a large numberonce contracted with Dumas for advance sheets of thoProtestants in his remarks at the close of the exorcisesUntitled Document-and others which we might relate, would seem to con-firm the atrocities heaped together in hia sanguihirynnryaiive. His name, we know, was a terror over thewhole coast, and on one occasion, when ho wished to bishop and the audience who heard him at the Annual Va.,wiU realize as follows this year from his wooi bhip on fhe^United States storeship Supply, the officers, Commencement of St. John's C jHege, on Wednesdayassurance of those who had accompanied him that, a painful duty had been performed with propriety. Then, as a strangely misjudged attempt to give him threein the Portrait Gallery of the City Hall 7 There is ahiatus in the pictorial chronicles of the State, as re-corded in our City Hall, which will lead to great con-Let them speak and write as they choose; but let tho Catholics ever understand, that if the eminent seats of learning, founded by their ancestorsin the faith, should be plucked up and destroyed in Europe, the surface oftiemeetingtoaclose.And ao ended the last great moral lesson of a publicfusion hereafter unless it shall be filled up.. The por- that most civilized portion of the globe would appear traitsof GovernorSeymour andGovernor Kingwill asadesertofAfrica scarcelydiversifiedbythedistanttracting public attention, we published a statement; | cial system. Murillo loved to paint Spanish beggars,these thoughts were not born from the brains of some of all the luxuries of the season will prevent people ofrainee, bm with individual peculiarities which 'show, their privileges. For days previous to the execution, aid if contempt-bringing familiarity with death and stenches; but Mr. Gignoux has put the scene upon his rignts—because, perhaps, among other reasons, the - very Juries and Judges who should have to try. the.littleknotofartistsseemtohavemanypleasantlittle,reunions. Receptions in Kome are. the finest andpkasantest things possible. And eo many are sojourn-ing together in a strange land, there is au the kind offreedom of a continual journey or picnic. One dis-courses about one's rooms, o n e s tea, one's bread andbutter, one's china, and in short everything that be-longs to one's establishment. One tastes your tea andpronounces it excellent, and asks you where you got River as far as West Poir.t, takiug in a view of the GreatSo,inKkemanner,letassuppose,mereUforjllus* tratibn, that a nortibh of our own citizens who have aa interestboth inTrinityChurchandColumbiaCollege were to become—one is almost ashamed to say i t -U•ihis frightful murder, now lying" almost at his feet.He had remarked it as he ascended the hill from thesteamboat, and the sight appeared to make even himwaver. Its presence there was a terribly dramatic crimson; boiled lobsters in heaps, cardinals of the sea, illuBtration of a retribution which may creep but will as Jules Janin calls them, in their crimson shells; yel-alight tremor of the limbs; it was allowed to hang till fifteen minutes before twelve, then was taken down, placed in a cheap coffin, and at once sent by a tow-keep it up have not put their shoulder to the wheel for Catnolic Education, either by speech, contribution or countenance. ,';•, -They have been rather a drag upon its progress. But it is bound to go ahead in spite of them. They axe great optimists—and if the Almighty had consultedauthorities attempted to arrest htm, information having view of " Sancoty Head," a high bluff on the' southbeen Bent of then, urder. Hicks incited the other sea-the Peruvian or Chilian porta. Such aJFaira aa these, To ths Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.There are pyramids of golden oranges glowing inthe sunshine; piles of great green watermelons; bunches of bananas hanging from the rafters, green, yellow, andgowns, and market men in blazing red shirts; peaches,The Archbishop intended no reflection on any person or on any religious denomination. It was not neces- sary. It did not come within the purview of his dis-it spoke only of human revenge; and its conspicuousdecorations had the effect of a bitter and cruel taunt.Hicks, however, had little time to suffer from this and branches of dark evergreens; while standing in course. But he, and not a few others of the audience,cherries^ and apricots; flowering shrubs of every kind,themselves in their art, is Mr. M. W. Dana, some ex-TTPwamade in artistic culture among us in that period. The them at the time of the creation, there is no doubt thattion, at the end of which time their emancipation will be complete." III. During tfhese two years, the landholder shall have power to make contracts with the serf, as they Professor'a. other pictures. They have their merits, may agree, either to sell him land in fee simple, or to but this lease shall not be for a leasLA TE COMMENCEMENT COLLEGE, FORDHAM.. . . . .for several j ears past toward the Archbishop and Ca- has already keen engaged by a Bkhmond manufac- SHARP PKICTICK BY ALEXANDER DOMAS.—A short tholics generally, the misrepresentanonB of to-day will turer, «nd will bring him n*arfS,000. To this han<V~time Bince Alexander Dumas announced that he would appear only as a matter of course. , .v • some profit may be added $1,000 more, being from tii*The farm is near Warrenton and contains 900 acres.,STIRUINovr'THX BAIOUCOONS.---Yesterdayr,0*r-* noon a friend of ours return* d from a hurried t/H-pto cenlyreceived,whenitwasdiscoveredthat-Dumas thesocialandrefigiousliterature,socalled^oCEnglaud'KeyWestandHavana.Hewasoneof»?W*teofhad:simply translated-the work published.;some tjmt and America, since thu dayB of Queen Ehsfaheth, has five (B. H. E., P; M., and three others) who, visited since: by MeBsrs. Birnes &.Burr of thisoity. The been employed to stigmatize Catholics; iu tbjeir relation tbe Ba racoonB, via Cedar Keys, for ths/ pramoaoofSAOIVAW SALT.—-.The manufacture 'of salt at Sagi- however, there is no motive to induce honorable men, to some accident to the steamer cbs' r^erod on tha coa«4CLOSE OFOF ST. JOHNSs^airsa26 85—9,8*180THE"I. The immediate giant of individual liberty to the• $910 <d it would have shown a handsome margin for the pres-ent fiscal year.IxceM of receiptsBut for the fires which have occurred at this Prison.•• www.fultonhistory.com:^^^•'>•^i'.;.i>r;^';•.•.^.;-^:•^A i rwm4±''&&^^:l^1SMfc$yj»K?mkuii!3iiffi££&i 