z'oBICHABDSOKm.BOTVTOITkC»-'Cay. where we fear, like the The buking and stock Iiou'.- of Messrs. Api-litox a wreck."eveningTuesday,tteam-tngine " ascaHTLT rot is or,"* "» .^' "^^r; 6tock op«ratioiia c%Qsed Iheir' present eusprn* tied. Several vrs4»i« h»(l arrived to load with salt. Sraatov Sewftrd ^t^Pblacj; (JardM To-MIckti^»^'f- >»»ip,i'4 ,^Ji P^IJJ'J' "V..m*iqppi«iV^ip«pp|H|||?H||pHil jtmummm Eeriiritles they hmfk on hand and oegotinted Ten cents per bushel wa;, cotuidered the market price. gW^ilBliHiiBiltKmrUy. 1«mnDoon(«fUaWHIwihsTe TheNamauOasniun),oftbe17tttinat.,says'okaud wiBK-AVrjx^PAkJtirB. TheRepublicanmas*nieetiiqr4obeheldat"1,0, at the eow*%iw(«tiiS%Mt/tM& HerbiientwatcfaIhcmnunitllTmoklirrkaessShe, while the lovely babe nnconscions liei.ilott.BOtaaceitainfU, biu it U suppo>ed to be veiy &>ssiiier-'The schoener JrctK, RuoriKitEu.. master, h-flPalace Gardenat which Hon. Wit-B. S iwae»Smiles on ber child slnmbetlari^m•Me. They had on band a"fand otherd-'ubtedlyMibne of Ihe largest gatherings held in the MetroroUHBlring the campaign.withpenslveeyes. And weavesa songeTmeUnchoIy joy."Elegantlyla Ulae aikl fiinerchanif &c. What their reaKiWlity is. or fulirccoaneirillbe,tltneoBlT can shew. ItlshoptJ theymay obtain an extension and Ue anlc en-utually t"Mfi-srs jA»««rr It Paaatoa. She alsi> took a qiiriiilily ot shsidrlocks. forbidden fniit, 4c. 'An infant's pangs are a mother's suffering!, and all tiat is dear to ber iu life would she gladly sacrifice to Another ^tind parade of the Wide-Awakes of the afford it lelief. Parents, yon that have witnessed the* Co. Is alsoof Mrs. WlKSLO* 'S SOOIHINC StsuP.of dofag belutv :"•f'igreCnTrl^«r says "IW --.JWit, and true ibsrf-to have suspended, havmg WlmintodiffictilUes f om a dtpreciaUon m slocks.The GuarAaii, of theCcn. J. 11. Hobabt has issued Waeii,the followingcapable Calahiit—Fin Lrvis Lost.—A* letterofTli'li^ill, ^^S^^l.haa ever triumphedbalAJOSHl J.HENST,Cbairaaa.JeHiAi- Rr^.n. Secretary.4TODAKT riANOn.GRAND, SQUABS AND PICOOLOl The belt i-ainficlured-WarerooBS.No. tM nnmtmw-.E.\I.TH OF AIMEHICAN WOMEN. Orcani^ed under special Legislative authority,gatiization in the countr.v.Testimonials REoanDiNO lis Hedicinb? awa aaaarcnLismn from such mer asGov. Westcott. Florida. ofreportedhas the ."oilowins para-Ten years' eiperieace has„. „»,,.,,., '"^i,rTV%-iiS?;;.?n-^^,r??rbands fnli.The banks had double tte naual mSoinga for diseount, and were unable to aloeonotodate to tbe extent of the demands of theCJTV POLITICS.nemocratic Third District <'oufsre4<«laDal Fourteenth, Fifteenth and Sixteenth Wards, willWc are only enabled to offer the above at thia low caM Dr. .1.1.. ATrE—Rriprrtz-rf .<»,>.- I should be wanting UrwARDS or Frvx BuBsaiD or tbiu are is Practical in conseciueQce of having aecnradthea firomttaemaatt-triotism of thethepeople,noi. ,IAMES K. CLINTON, ofAnd ot^er eminent aad distinguished gentlemen,;seemedit* results, is Itiie soonest repressed. The principles ivhich the revoltitionists have heen for, wereEPEKOII Oy EX-RECOBIIF.P. TlLLOlMr. TiLLOu, on taking the Chair, s^oke as follows The meeting was one of extraordin.iry importance,likelylongestmembranesoftheto be thennd most fatal in |he.by a>e American and British men-of-war. The In- lendente of that State, whil* employing the city troops in pmsulng the negro insurgents therefrom,jequcstedIt is tliat Club should be punctual. TEBIAL8 for asmenrs and the ntt-essar>- every trade.great ma*y deposH:"citizens willspeak,will iin-Umes say••coiise-qoeot upon such a state ^< ncitcineut-touclimi! JosEfB Mtacir. ir,.is;er, Iroru tialeni. .Mass.. bound toW'lDE-AWAKE HeAii-QUARTEBS,and minutes: To-dsy one of the most a-wfnl ealamitias that ever happened to a small village, occurred here. The small POrUble engine and boiler recently put up by Mr. J. A. Logan, on Maln-st., Mrs. Wlckliffe'j residence,There are various other r.itior.s-neressarily meculators in mlnlag anrt olh. r dcprociated sec.irl-lot«.ipain after Ihc twentyto mention names. Stocks of all kinds declined lo Uav..week this harbor on after leaving' iiorl, and put iniovain, but invlgorstea the stomach and bowels, acidity, and gives tsne and energy to the whole system. It will almost in theburst with oppositetremendous force, instantly kUling Mr. Lo-Om. but it would bl imprudcniThnrsdav evetiii^g for repairs. 'V'"' leak has beenfor a fair wind to proceed oti her voyace. I'he Tifin SistT lie-The several Ward and Independent Wide-Aw.akecorrectsNew-Totfe.of Ihc Democracy will haveClubs of this will Cityon evening, FridaygKU, little Willie H. Wing, son of DtTh. Wing, aad twoTte Brcckinridec winstheir lutrallvon'Fri.iaynlpht. They are able, cer-parade:;, iq conformity wiiji directions from the VVnic-inatactly relieve gripingeraffia there Is to lie an outpouring of the Doujlas hosta. T'heir Inviucibles are well organized. It is exoectedtwo thousand of them can be mustered intoI b'lll. 1 Cf)*, 4 J the foUttwing order: pigs,one hundred yards, and a Iwardbfueinlcdei,nbganteariy through was,tBTTiuexApa]BiETiiiORi, Thursday, Nov.Wide-Awakcs,tne Twelfth, Thirteenth.^ beaeflttW Jfe*isHooey stringent. to-dayRatiflralian.MASS 34FEIING OP TUI 1-BIK.SD3 Of JOllN C. MA-be had themay by singlegivenFiam ^traahiDBton.last libertyI NIOS; FOR THE SAKE OF THE UNIOtT A MAt<S MKKTrNOOu i P.IDAY. Nov. 2, at 8 o'clock P. ia 8upt>ort of tbeUNION ELECTORAL TICKET. Hon. JAMF.S S. THAYFR. of New-York,SBS KKWS I'KOII HKW-GBANADA—TOK KANSASWashisoto-i, Thursday, Nov. 1. Bemi-ofHciol advices received here show tiiat, owing to the energy of President OspmA, to Uen. HaxBAn'B direction of war operations, and to the pa- the revolution in progress in of Ntw-Granada. may, by tliis time, be oonajdered at an end. lathe liecisive action of Ora- ; JUld in the combat of Maniziiles. Gen. Mosqueba lost 300,outof2,500men. Itismentionedasanoticeable ftict, tJiftt no revolution commenced In New-Granada and tliut the present one, whichevening pole.principal possibleLUr throu'^h carelessness.The front of sections will be twelve, and Command-the Ssrsaparilla toinsure a cc»mplete expulsion of the disease from the system. Yours, respectfully, 'neer, and seveiely Ipiurlng C. C. Stearns,—SU^Ilt£BS NIW-YORK POST-OFFICE.ants will see that thedistanceB1;NJ. TARTER. CO.. Lowell, Mass.It will tie observed that the above since theWILL BE HELD ATRepublictorio, fought by 3,500 men, 000 were left on the Heldthe scene was enlivened the days. it hoped every^ cannot be raveled, and the stitch that is preferred for family sewing and maau-Send toEngine.BTAjnrOKD>8OUTKTiUl. healiacXENOPHON..,.,^^ eQ,]...jypjjyp^ (west side.) right on FourtecQth- stref-t.something to em ich mankindJRlMtap^S!'^ tbatUie depositors iritfi Lax & Co.,arUlliMetSKe inuidred thousand dotiars. There arc liamson and Wood ratificationHSrcelyanyassets. Itisavertbad failure.injuring John Sutcher, of to property, «6Ma.EUUGHWOUT k OO, Broadway, corner of Brao^iCI.7..-.'.aveform on the south side Fourteenth-street, jight on Se^enlh-aveiiue.ID common gratitude If I did not to you « acknowledgehat .vour skill, or more accurately your Extract of P.irsaiarill». has done for my wife. She has been foricme jears afBictcd with a humor, which comei outher skin in-ttMj Autumn and Winter with such insuffer-factnrer at a great bargain, for cash, and ia Axiagand astheywereconsideredofnofurtheruse.or- ders were consequently given for the withdrawal ofIfaea renained in the city, but not by authority of the latentente.topreviousfor Boston, on Tuesday, for the purpose of obtainingrelief for the sufferers in Kansas, laid before the IV'si- 4enro{ the United States extracts from documents. usder oath, to allow the deplorable condition of the people of that Territory.Two huadred thousand of the three hundred thous- and copies of the Agricultural part of the Patent-office Seport, ordered by the House of Representatives, kaTQ l>eeii printed.The loBg-mooted question in regard to the NewTork City Post Office is at last, probably^ settled. At-torney-General Black has approved the title of theDutch Church prope.'ty, where the office now should be the Chief Magistrate of this greatCity,onThursday,Rev. N. BA^os,p/and frem leading Diviner. Fbysiciaas and public me»-Ihe joint landing and service- of tx)th squadrons;(ft,' Metliotlir' Chrrrh.Hen. J.R, Baiuos, Sypertnsor County of Nm>-Tm1c,asthe farces. At the latest dates, only six British raa- ly. The object of this meetmg was to oppose theJ.R. STAJTORD'SEBON Ain> SUIiVHIiK POWOVRJI. Are a soluble preparation of iroa aad solphar.flyoncourage,judgmentTkabsxhs Htatt,leaving Washingtonandthe former place.of Wm,ofupward,tent only known to themselves. These diseases 'aActstands. The site had already been accepted, subject tothedecisioninregardtothetitle.confederacy. It was a struggle involvingconsequencesneverbeforepresejited. OntheonellteaiBeFrom the Plaios.THX MISSOUBI AND WKSTEEK TEI.EGRArH LINE- sented in only one-half of tlie Confederacy. ThatMr. Gnow wasgreetedw-itli vociferousap hisClin-prep^ie^.Smith —In this City, on Thursday, Nov. 1, Sarah, wife of.iohnF. Smltb.-ia tbe33dyearof her age.The relatives and friends of the flamflr are rcspectftatly invited to attend the funeral, on Sunday, at 1 o'clock, from her late resldecce. No. 2*6 Elisat>eth-st.UnniEMSE BAR<iAIN8.' IMMENSEBARGAINS. DIKKNSE BARGAINS.In order to make room for our December importations—Fi.ATTi.ENca Wasrr' •y ArFETITI—DtSPEPSIA—L|T*B Coupi.AUiT—Gainiifia.On account oftheir great mSAmsx, and from tkefmetnever naui^eate^or tt^tvr tkebvwUm gripe,otGhrerase.fenbfrubox On tbedollar four boxe!< will be sent by mail, frn nf pnrti^r.. taINDIAN TKOCBLIS. ETC.FSffs KxAAMiT, \V"odnesday, Oct. 31.candidate was Abbauam Lincols. The aim of theto receive and forward dispatches to—HBaDACHE NbKI bii.i—ouBMsa- -BXAETEVKH AciniTV ,conflict. succeeded in Pony JBjhii<«>. which delivers t^na at the east- Suppose theyprecipitating 4,00O.C0O ofblack men upon the Forth. Those who were em teneictis of the "PlaceryUle Telegraph industrious would come into conflict with NorthernFourthThe friends of Alderiimn MicnAEi. Tdomey. tlieline over which they can be telegraphed to any pare labor, and the other our and portion would,fill prisonsof California. The tariff from St. Louis to any part of penitentiaries. Then the commerce of the countryANDREAS.—pncs, son of John AT.,and Maria W. Andreas, aged 4 years aui) I month.weto offer great indncementsto tbe HOUSEKEEPING PUBLICtheya- befnutiCalifornia is $6 40 lot the Urst ten words, and 23 cent^ for each addittonal word. Telegraphic conneciions •can be made with the Pony Esprcss at St. Joseph ascandidate of theDouglas Democracyfor lastof New-York who happen to have a present or PROSPECTIVE WANTof Hoiisekeepirg articles in our line.DURINC THE WHOLE OF NOVEMBTRdays Kearney.which oneto respect, if it was violated by the other. But.Carm.\s.—in Brooklyn, on Wednesday. Oct. 31, Sarah Cahsian, wife of William W. Carman, ased S6 years, 2 montiis and 23 days.most inviting prices for White or Decorated French IS' Dr. BRlUtiK nil! attend to prnfrssionai ccilis amdpitalwas assembled,as f.iUows"niic.IT. Burial (ironnd. i\iltr-'^copartnershippartycould not beexpc-lcJ sircet and the N«w--Bow-ery. A spirited bandChina Pinner Sets, Table Glass, Cutlery, Silver PNted Ware, Iron Stone Ware White and Fancy Toilet Ware, Vases, Parian and other man tie ornaments, together with the largest and most variel ussortment ofGAS FTXTCRESrrrsivc patients at his residence in tlie Graefenberg Insti-,'ale it BOND-ST.. Nett^Yort, iwih^ U BniUm^s.No.ranting of free homesteads, as he had alwavs herolo- Tlie Incians are quiet. All the Pawnee brave.s foro acted as his constituents would have acted in his'2,day was 36 degrees above zero.i;have gone South on a grand buffalo hunt. place.if they would go to the polls and take iis many votersCapt. SiTLLi, with Company F, Second Infantry, is as they could, and see that the votes were 'cast for expected to return to this port from the Pawnee John C. Matuer, they could certairfly elect him. lieofThe friends oftbefJiraily :ire invited to attend his tu-Infantry,accompaniedof thebills on the Boone County Bank have made their appearance here. The plate is genuine,Jiutthesignaturesarebad.imitations. Thepaper -of much lighter texture than the genuine, and prethe day.embraces au exceedingly interesting letter (in additionSpurious^^^ fqREION CORRESPONDENCEap is coarse, and on the large notes bungUngly done. This counterfeit, appearing simultaneously with the genuine, has cast a suspicion upon those interested in the Bank as parties to the fraud.(4 rain Receipts at C'biea^o. CnicAQo, Thursday, Nov. I.'W'elh'Ctnnmcyciul Exv''es:i of to-day contain:; a footing cp of receipts of corn at tlus point fro.n ilu-Congress bynegro topic. By spirit vention " of the Sixth Congressional District.skiuLcil crij'rie nif he totters through our streets, ''vainly-of 1859, amoulrtiiig to a little over Ki.iinn.DOi' bushels. From the crop of 1^^^;^ the receipts werelApplause.i provenWOOD, EDDY 'h CO., MANAGERS of thethesystem—do not weaken itcropI'cnn'-ylvunin,to their trust.fore, devolved upon New-York. [Applause.]CHAUNCEY SHAFFER, No. S Beekmau-streetextra<t» from the vnrieus METHODIST .lOURNALS—do not irritate tbebowels—are coated with and gum,to take—positively cures coostipa-from the croji of IsiT. tiie\ were 8,250,000 bushels. The Kxpre.is considers itdiarrho'a. mercnnlt when nothiuit cl.^ the eoa-only 4,900,000 bushels <lie who watched over during the Revolution, picserveLieut.M.Henry Robert,of thethat com receipts at Chicago from the 'to;. of 1889. "ill reach 20,000,000 bushels.The Mebnuka Election.Ohaea, N. T., Wednesday, 0<-t. 31)gineers of tlie X'nited Stales Army has lieen electedProfessor of Engineering and Drawing in the NorthCarolina Military Institute. Lieut, Robert is a native of South Carolina, and was graduated at West Point with the second honor of bis class.AUTHORIZEDThe nndersigoed Commissioaers, appointed by the1. to GIOUS INTELLIGENCE, BOOK NOTICES, fcc. tc. iodiiic. i.ntiniouy.proliable,Hnd every drastic andThe Territorial Board of Canvassers, coinnosridof Got. Bulci, Chief-Justice Hall and the V. S.District-Attoroey Howasd, met to-day and canvassedthe returns for Del^fites to Congress. Momox, than the Saviour of men.chines. and books of permanent value for tne pri-Democrat, has 14 m^'orlty over Daut, Republican,Morehr'ad's IMasle Eye-Water. THE BEST IN THE WORLD.25 cents a twttle.r. C. MOREHEAD, M. D., No. 19 Walker-8t., N. Y.Nov. GEORGE C. 6OBD0N,aad has l)c4-iiThe 8teani.,hipmi Havana, on the 3d, and the Dc >ioto on the 4tli.Weather at Fayette-ville, ArkanaaK.must be free or all slave.«srty aau, N. P.>iuia! of the Commissioner and memberByOisaniTalof October, iacln#re.removedtoNo.ISBond- p.<-.TheA NEW 8TTLB OF SHIBT. WARRANTED TO WT, poned by Gary k Co., per ship Urania, wliichawardeda certificate of election.A Voice—He's smalt potatoes, anyhow.For New-Tori^. New-Oeliaxs,Thursday,Nov.I.He wouid praise iheiii if they had the manliness to assert their principles boldly. On yuesday nextJAMES DUNCAN. schemesfortheBoath,willbsoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo O BACtOI/'S.?n wwrrrrrrr YTTT TTTT SSSSS8 O '^K^KyrF TYY TYT 8S883S3SPiiiluddphiaKITCHENERSO aThe AMFBtOAN SAND-OVEN KITCEKWOt, •Fatettivillj;.Snow commenced falliiuj aiiout noon an<I is.otiUlaBins.' vi IreWS FROM TlIK K\UAMA«».of eke Kamak—Ad\iee> from TuiliVof the Republican Party. machines, and alter some six weeks' experience with named, then, for advocating Disunion r He WILLCOX k GIEBS' Patent, he has purchased one of was no advocate of Disunion, but, for one, if he lived them, as the be^t adiptrtl to ibe wants of tlis family, and South, and wai; treated as the Southerners have been as the Ifast liable to require repair.o rvrR f,ro vrrrwo fSf o yrr o rrr o rrrwT O FFFTFoYYT TTY 883 YYTTYT 88Syyyyy sssYTYytyt bsss888 O t"r^:°'Ai:s!*ra^o%°DTo°^^H'SsK: suited fbr wood or coal, and tbe POKDI SAKSK, kiwe have Nassau uapers to thr :r>;;,BateheIor>a •r.i lettiu- L-ave himin Uiat businessand Thiscelebrated25 CENTS A BOTTLE.OF AMERICAN ENTERPRISB. subscrilier hasjust received a Urgesapplyaf Japanese Tea, of choice quality, branded Oolong, taa-i:>election. The had never come dayC, Skrdeker.Tbe friends of the familv are respectfully invited toanl orl.er Pe\ rrJ.':n theIjuinine. Calonii 1. Arsi-n'-:. Bine Pill. &c., in wholesaleuntil claimed to elect a candidate on seats a dingy, greasy, blurred appearance. The filling sectional views their platform of principles and ora-ver. Scarletdoses., aie daily ^Lcn in colored and yellow1I1iIIji'i.iN for Congress, if able to get to the polls on election Ohio and Indiana had recreant d;ty. Very respectfully yours,A keenof Monsieur de Lamirtine in particular.in genernl. andCalomel,to six hours—do not strain(lie bar. driftedrunore at 5 P. M tO-day. atfrom the the IJth Octaber, I3I«, Uie coming of Gov. Siwae». The Grand Marshal, process of teething, should be fullysenslbleto the merits srill show to all such parchasers ahat a smofl jmrlablt^"'^'^'^ »ays '"Wfe regard Gou'ia«''a*'be?^r'* "graph" The'^""'"'Oalvcstoi,child fromhv BUUD & CARLKTON, I'ublliisbers.*—as <onever failed to come upon her in cold weather, nor lias any remedial aid been able to hasten its departure be- fore Spring, or to at all alleviate her sulTeriiucs from it. Thisseasnuit beganin October with its usttal vtoleace. By tlM.'Ithe bnmor out npon her skia worse than we had ever:inslancowhere the infant is from sufferingVork with a carM m 2>i.000to-^ght, dljUnguishedof noderate posrar seme- that they can bay tmoU skeaia-eagloM which anybody caa nanwe, and that are quite freeIroBi danger.''tlus aftcrnjon for New-fine orangeMaised at Mount Vernou, and shipped byPurctaaaers iif iiiliiijBauudPOEMS Bv alitAn cM>irx».Wo regret to stale that the X-rtir. insiriviiigM crossThe we fsUowiog paragraph, vhkh copy-i.ft Saiihpi,-..,76^. .Price cents.20th,DiPLo»ABiifrnnColiiasvlIle. Ind., dated on theuth instaot. says„..1Ametican .sciuK-.nrT Tnii n.-IT, (?75Gbasd MAEsnAL's 0;-i;rE. 619 Broadwav. / No.haustion, relief will be found in fifteen ortutions of our fathers. Which wo'ild they choose?orBroadway. Cata- AdjBiaut, at No. 618 Broadwav, at 7)6 P. M. logues sent on receipt of stamp. PHOTOGRAPHIC MA-;toral ticiHetMathke as the only Union Democratic nominee for Tturd Congressional District, worthy of the supportcalling upon Benjamin VVooi* to with- draw, and not give aid and comfort to the Black Re-Stone—WELLS.—In Sing Sing, on Wednesday, Oct. 31,rrflnniafia any guaraatae :-ymptOBU.therPalpi tatiou ot tlie Heart-of the people;—Christian Schwarxwaclder,place. Hai-sry STt'RTEVAN-T.—lbDeDvllle,N.J.,onWednes- day, Uct. 31. at the houseof J. B. Basslnger. Esq., by Rev. J. F. Tuttle, of Itockaway, Mr. Wm. It. Halset. ot—1:recularities Weakness—Faintoes.';—publican Party, election of Mr. Mathle.Kidneys—Chills—Cold Hands and Feet—;^in life affordswould be annihilated. and labor would be Propertj"»49'any Price 25 certareceipt oT «•Congress evening to ratify the nomination, and promote the chances of lieretofbre, but a day and a i.alt and sometimes two could do nothing but sever the partnershifi heretofore thtlr favorite in the coining election. The ineet-i>erKi- Ail of the Graefeoberg medicines are sold at N«.S BOND-ST.- and by all dniggist>,.depreciated at least one half. It was ma'.lness in Rephblicanstoriskthisresult. Thepeopleoftirefrom the FourthDistrict,held ameetingof the Aailress as above.South saw these and aggressions.,aidon Friday, at 2o'(lock P. M.*Coopi.B.— (In Thursday evening, Nov. 1. Phbbe D.ilirficiiy.sli.;mllThe New .,.,» ,„„.,.,._ .^._„.Texas, a le:ik on the llthinst., a sprungNew-Yo»k, Oct. ;il, 1860. [OBDBR IfO. 1(1,;)IS^^l'S.lT/-^'^ Copiessent by mail.poBtairefre"CKEATIN CHINA AN1> 0LA.S8On and after TUESDAY, 23d inst., we AaU olec tar 600 FULL SERVICES OKCHINA AND GI.AS8, Comprising2M PIECES AT $K FEB SET.dceil.— Heart and see If Dr. Ayer's Medicines do not do with this frightful destruction of limb and life. Erics- best tables in the country.Slopped. 'and Ihe sclmoner is <m\y wattingtainly, to make an imposios show. On the eimc longs to Clevel.nntl. Ohio, and ciime down the St. Awake General Committc.other men, names not and Tur-ineelin?to or.ler. an;IKITsia OuTx Tax n msaxas, ix»as«justlycan be saved by making the. connection at Fort agreed upon. I'iie Confltitution was but articles of inti was held at the junction of Ma'lison- CcopEH, aged ^ years.CoL MiLv;9 arrived here on 'lie 'Jlst inst. The com- should the succecil ? [" No, of music, volleys of sky-rockets, and other pyro- Republican Parly no.*'jJ 'ei mil ted to refer, among others, toHorace (.bei.let, of the Ncw-Yctrk Tribune.i'rof. A. P. I'EAEOI'V. 01 Harvard Uiiix'trsitu, Mas»mmandingembarrassed by.the iuiportmiitie^ of tiie siuk and in- who madje up his mind to gel married, and when the Messrs- Edw. J. Kniuht, E. Yabii, Mr. CassealxIsland Lodge. No. 362 F. A. M.. Brooklyn Chapter No 148 of R. A. M., and Washington Division No. 4. S of T..Jlrs. Debokau Van Ham, in th-- 94th year of her age.The relaltves and friends of the family are respectfully incited to attend her funeral, from the residence of her Manlev, No. 330 I'earl-st., Brook-Iter. K. U. CnAFT^. 1).' Tl.,qfdigent returning Pike's Peal;ers, there hein,- i;o facilities for the conilort of tlie sick out-ide ol tlie Army provided by tlie Govemiuent.Onthe26LbofOctoberit rominencedblowingr.ntlotliers, programmemornlDg,Pearl-st., Brooklyn.to be found in the City.W. J. F. DAir.EY * cti.. No. 631 Bioariiay.TIIE STEKEOSTOPIC Ni* 1 ai.d 2.Kach enntaininp 12 lien color; .1 utifnll.v1I1by orderingGerry;manyvate library, and for tbe Sunday School, as well as the centre table.1Witness oar hands, at Wilmington, Del.,1, 1800.niapistrate asked him whether he would like the ladyfor Ids wedded wite, Ke replied, " Pass on that's an ;andthedeclaicd that the Alderman ought to, should and would be elected. His claims were based tliofactthatMr.Tlomethadonat II o'clock, from her late residence. No. 204.Veil- r<irt-.unnecessary question." [Laughter. 1 Soiitcessary to a^k" the people whether they wouid accept .\bbaiiahLincolnlottheirPresieient.—VanDam. InKrooklyn.onTuesdayevening,Oct.30,RICH CARPETING.SMITH k LOUNSBEBY,No. 4fi6 Broadwav, near Grand -it.FALL IMPORTATIONS OF CHOICE STYLES MEDALLIONS, VELVETS, TAPESTRY, BRUSSEL&an assertion of awas lo forthwith to New-York. Republican orator that the Democ-:The Institute not having offered sny premiumWholesale Trado nMoad on the mnalfrma. PHEIiAN'8 iiT¥.T.Ta»n TABI.BSWMBBIATION CUSHIONS.New Sept. K, IWO. Pneea r«- imprBT«ia«a<i, yataatedEmpire City Tea Warehouse, Ko.81 OathafinxC.AMKRIC.IN INSTITUTE. 1860. Ntw-YosK, Oct. 20,Made to meaanre at etc., perdosea. No order made for losstUh.an$Uh,al$fM-a,nleotice.,n shirts.Mr. CuTLKB to the consideration of tlie claims passedbe Sf-ca iuan.v sttreosrcpe. OONTKKTS CiF NO.with great fury. On the 2rili it was cold, am'-snow occa.sioually fell. The thermometer on that gressional District. Mr. Matukr would favor the for a fair day's w-ork, at the hands of the Government, sjn-in law John \\ .rainingof Air. John C. MATiitr. to represent the Third Con-rignts of the working classes to a fair <lay's wagi-sI. The Ilriripe ol Sighs.half theHe was liappy to see on this occasion such au out-for the honortiieyhad conferredui>onhim,[Ap-OUR COLORED PEOPLE,A NEW MOVEMENT IN THE PROTESTANT EPIS-;comingnow that anyI notice in theHdiuinistration otmeetingspoke;--(Ground, Pa-of the true of the District. He DemocracyThe relatives snd friends are respectfullylnvited to at end bis funeral, from bis late resiaence, at Haspeth, L.:;A quiet commentChurch Infcltigericer on the relation of Methodism to Church ;" on _m". CathedralofNotrelermo.Xr. I'ultreof the Cxar.pouringwanted simply to tender them his thanks for theirIDISUNION.plause.]SIKECH OF SAMUEL F. BOWKE OF OTSEOO.andand on other tojrics of interest in the current events ofHe feared fliat he should not be able to do credit to himself, or interest them, on account of indisposition. But while his voice held out he was willing to per- suade Ills fellow-citizens of the import-ance of tlieCOPAL CHURCHparty —and a let- ^^^ ENGLISH CORRESPONDENT,emboered in the thecrying for be:ilth h'tiifli !tory beingwhich animated our fathers our preseat Constitutionof compromise was adopted. Slavery under it wasGiTing a condensed resume aiaB cases, either of fever or other discdse, where customka* functioned the preM-rlpti'.ni.f Quinine, CalomeL or^ne Pill, that EADWAY'.S KEIiUI.ATLVG PILLS will M- cnre to the patient all the benefits in a much leaa tim» ilian these are expected to achieve, without e«-the State of New- Vork to save the Vninn.Beggars,"by our fathers.[Applau.se.]condnneo toMa radicalPablUbantttttTTTTT SSSSaS•-• We are d te HKAT pobllc•w-ar ? asains: Slavery'The duty of stiving the Union, there-Copiousof En- DELAWARB, KENTUCKY, AND MISSOURI 8TATB throughout the country, as well as tbe severalthereforeticn, liver complaint, icdigeslion, will toucha nation this crisis the Union. [Applause.] When had the South encroached on the rl,thls of the North t ["Never."] Yet, from the day that Abolitionists started, there had been a.ssaultsui>on ihe South. Ef- forts had been made to free the slaves, and to excite them to insurrection, down to the time of the resultCorpsCITY RELIGIOUS JOURNALS,With its usual full iuppiv of FAMILY READIKG, idaints. FromRepublicansdisclalmedtliatwork. flow hypocritical11.^), IC, 3.-),2it, 72, 19, 57, 74, U, 20, 3, 32, 13.GAS-TICHT thoroiuhlxtataC for six years, and have proved the most daratde, ana^Thwjilacedjmicslus ns wo'ild inof the teachings of Sewaes, Beeouee, Suunie and artistsHals, when Virginia was invaded bv Ji>uN llaows. Yet A Court Scene, by GriggsJohn Brown In a seat but little higherton.Class No. 522, Nov. 1. 18M.Ci>. 65, S, iO, 64, 6, 14, 66, 39, 26, 31, 12, 15, 4.j.JOSEPH SEAL,^^^ ^ CROOKS D. D., JOHN McCLINTOCK, D. D...(Editor..and Furnaces In ase, aa thoM vn popular i*.had the Impudence to pretend to be conservative. Sewabd said all the StalesTlicyL. BANGS. 7PuBbcleiksmhseru.-3t. OfBce. No.have thema knowl^e^dg^eOwThNoTON'SgiPvePnRTABLBtriJalK.ATBRhas also given very general satisfaction for tbe laal «MACall and examine these Famaoea, or leadyearn. isra^cuilan wlittwa re«ferences.KICHABDSON, BOTNTON » «fciNo.200Canal-st.,New-Tov^ ~~Sold by all good druggists.sails for New-Yorli. Union was- to be dissolved. The difficulties Willrox & Glbbs' $iewlac-ltlaehlnk.OWcilr.esilay,Oct- Jl.'i. BRITISHPROVINCES.41 New-York Times No. Park-row,Boidlnc.saa othe questionwasto bedeterminedwhethertheClmbirs,ooataintngBiailed free of charge by sending toin Texas v^re the natural result of the teachingsmiisionaryto has Cunstantiaople,WOOD, KDBT k 00., Wllmimrton, D«l., or St. Louis, Mo.AnTERTISINQ AGBNCTFOR ALL NEWSPAPERS FUBLI8HK9 THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES ANBireated, he would be for Disunion. [' Yes, yes."] Wherewastlieworkingman'sinterest? Inthename of Heaven and all they held dear, he invoked them to cherish and preserve the iiberlles so nobly wonThis demonstrationJuly 3, 1860.OLIVER CRANE. JA3.WILLCOX,llaaulacturer.No. jcs Broadway, New-York.**" *'BICHABDSOH,BOTVTOirkCO., No. aw Cantl-at. New-Tork.'iilvtr brcomcCity will take place the duringin honor of sufferings of your children while undergoing the paloful Ktw-Tsrk Timts tit•L. E. L.' ' **"" Poftew than tbe oner r«NovLawrence to Sale:M. wlce:e she took in SSO Merino The formation wljl be made at 8 o'clock precisely inbowels and wind-rolic. andwhich, if not speedily remedied, end in death.known, fatally injuring Willie w»8 blown thrsoeuvgehretlbyt esncdalodfintghe several others.REDL'GTIONmures.shepherd's dogs and 2 hounds. Two of the <hecp diedstrapge to tell, not muchcj'gniled were shockingly mutilated, their heads torn to pieces. Tbel>oIlerwasthrownacrossthestreet,carry- &* •S,W,';i'*„'=»°"* » '""« »ad the wood-house of Mrs. wlcRilffe.sheep, 4 stallions, r,disfigured. Thetwonotre-"^^^ Baltimore is in a state of political and financial fouuntation. with the Stock Market <• knocked into a cocked hat." Our city is filled with.Second Division, comprlsii-g the Seventh, EiutitJi. progressins. These, with Mr. and Mrs. Bakrit Wii.- informed that the siiee;) are worth £20 per pair, and Mnth. Tei,th ana Eleventh Wards, KnickerbockerUA1I8attheHolliday-streetTheatreandtheimmedi- tlieliorscsX10eacij." ate proapecis of a dissolution of i:ie Union, give us ourMACHINES. FOE FAKILT SEWINO.aiSf- Soy"in consequence of .ner-cro\^din^. The whole of the animals are beinff tak'.n to Teias by Mr. (iAEDiNEa,THi: B£8T IN DSKNo. 195 Broadway, New-Tork.a larpe tract of land in that strangers who have come to sec the cattle show now countiy, inteinJs tliem lor a breediog slocK. We ifH'who, having prrcha-sedNow, there is nothing which aesglne" can do that cannot be done by one of the smallerThe China is fae very rriiBST anaurv of Wiilte Fn China, and the Glass is Rich Cat and Engravedfightingthe expounding of the Federal C onstitntion in a nulli- in view of tlie importance of the coming eleflion. to Ilowery, up Bowery and Fomth-avenue, to Union- Broadway is the Emporium of Fashion.more reflection thanrevision of the Constitution i!i a more conservative that of voting. There were two great parties now tral Committees, the Central Glass Shadesfying sense, but the victorious party are now urging aThere was no dutydemandingthe orators of the evening and members ofbotht'eii- Republiran RcpubUcaii CLASSill ttic spirit.—tThereadersoftheTimesw recognizeabove intelligence as having been published, yesterday jnoriiing, in our special dispatch from Washington.]demanding their support. On one side was a partythe tendency of which was to disturb tlie happiness ofa of the people of this country—especially large partClub, the Wide-Awake General Commit- tee, ilie Young Mens' Central Union and their guests. No Company w-ill be permitted to leave the line un-! !'bowers.&c.,&c.,cf^istantlvenhandandmadetoorder.Depot No. 32 Plutt-st. 'The Btereoacople 1iimT>»i\jm—WHOLESALEan oneqaaled and soothiaghftSiinjc sympforoftheSouth. Ontheothersidewasthepart>'ofthe to the temporal protection given to the city of Panama Union, winch w as determined to preserve tiie insti-gone throughofthehiKhest character and siti^ the tjratfenberg Medical Kstablishiaent is gaaraote-« as a responsible and trustworlL.v inbtitution. and it ia the most widely auown and iXst esteemed medical o»-Some incorrect statements have been made in regardThe -Mds to the Grand Marshal will report to the and Retail. E. 601 ANIrHONT,No.Harmony ordissensioa ?light upgun.They should look well to their Represent.itive, in Congress, andsecureamancapableofperforming hisduty. A man of character for integrity, of resolution, valor, and Should .seeMiseryhappiness?;honesty. Theythat they acted con.scientiously, wisely, and pnident-party whose success would endanger the Union.Mr. Wnras read a lisl of Vice Pre.siJents and Sec-retaries, which was chosen nz-m. con,Mr. S. Kevbs read a series of resolutions denounc-ing the Republican Partyindorsing Ihe Union Elec-evening,marritd and single, and no social position,and in the latter event thi^ predictingC. West.The resolutions being adopted. Mr. P. V. Cutlsr was introduced, and proceeded to addrcso the nieet-Court—Michael UIshoelTer.Brooklyn,I.,ing:V— — DisturbedSleep FlushesofHeatSPEECH ^OF P. T. CCTLKR. ESQ.He said they had met on this auspicious occasion,Acid Stomach—Nausea—Indigestion— Difficult passing of Urine with beat or smartingprevious to the coming contest, to determine who0x0. Law, Esq., Mh-av., New-Tork.SncxoB DxAPxa, Banker, New-Tork. Esg.,TniLOW WicB, Esg., Albany, N. T, exB. DuTT OxxxR, Washington, D. 8. Col. Sahiixi Colt,. Hartford, Gaua. Col. Cbas. Hat, U. 8. A.Irritable Temper— Flatulence—UnrlessaJit Dreams—.was unne-of the It was unanimously evening.AJLBUIH,iliey:The route will be through Fourteenth-street to Fifih-avenue. to Eighth-street, to Broadway, to Canal,doeaHalng TWst,hand was a candidate claindiig the suffrages of hut a dress the Club. The hall was filled to Its utmostThursday, Nov, 1, Burtis Seii'MORe, iu tne 6'2d year of his age.—section of tlie jjeoplc v\'hose cirdms could be pre-party was to make war upon an institution which had forth in the Homestead bill, which theThe llisaenri and Western telegraph line is com- been the instituiion of our fatliers, of our brothers, troduced into the last Congress. He was fol-and weare now in direct coni- and tiislorically connected with the Reiiublic. Wheth- lowed by the Hon. Jahis Hcuphbit, of Brook- jiletedtoUitaplace, lyn, who adverted in fitting terms to the silly -municatioa with St. Louis. The Company are er Slavery was right or »Tong-was not the question. threats of disunion so rife in the South. The meeluigWe had agreed not to interefeie with it where it ex- w-ii» also addressed by Hon. Z. K. PAMasoR^, and •and firat^ California in connection with the ists. Yet theJRepublican Party sought an Irrepressible broke UD with three cheers for the Republican ticket.older:proved that in almost every"' "" "'^«' -rlt'-'^JiraSfr^er*'Fourth Division, comiirising the Seventeenth, Eight- TUFB' FOR OONORESS SPIBCHS OF EX-BE- ceMb, Niiieleeuth, Twentieth, Twenty-flrst, Twenty-uponable itching, render lifealtpost intolerable. Itbos Tork.Those desirous of securing one of the abore mH pleaae call early, as oar stoeic of them laHmkej;'AIsi>, on hand the folIowlBg, wlilch were pkrckanf %r Mr. Haagkwont in Europe, at low rates. •RICH DECORATED DINNER SETS frOB ftl t RICH-DBCCntATED TEA SETSfroBCOBDER 1'ILI.ON, Jm>UE BROWSE OF OT-SEOO, ANO OTHKES.In amicablecontiguitytotlie scene of the Wil-Capt-.'?.advice of onr celebrated Surgeon, Dr. Kimlnll,meetings Congressional District, the friends of Johx C. Mathie for Congressioi^ Representative of that District, metin the of the vidnitj-I|i-oit to the Grand Marshal at Palace Garden, at 8 P. M.gaveher yourSarsapnriUa. Inaweekithadbrought$8 upvardk. BRON'ZES, PARIAN GOODS, Ac^ckcAs much upon the subject by thewas thrown of a thousand torches and transparencies, and the continual displayligiitasengineer. explosions, reported date of the foregoing advertisement, occurred In first-class establishments, and in one instance a rvrvtestablishment.Can any man who values bis own life or that of his em-lican demonstration, held at the same recentlyplace, right of each section, until the signal is given furIHanuflaanrlac Com- SEWING MACHINES, ployes,in numbers, an' the Wood ratification in ipoint of respectability. The stand was brilliantly set off with Clunese lanterns, torches, and banners.|.andbiihiing up.~Notwi'hstanding the arduous duties imposed uponthe Wide Awakes of tliis City during the last twentywtio has occasion to usebe has acquainted himself with the practical operation,wttduringthe evenin;?arrival of the C.uos from different trict.byof the Dis-parade on this occasion, the last before the election.No. 164 Duane-st., for a pamphlet.a-l'lreaiempresence!Iproper whefliug n.aintained while in column of march.isDr. J. C. AYER kTUB COOPER IN8TITUTB,of rivaled the As soon as each contpany has attained its position pyrotechnics. ,The gathe.-ing Repub- in line, torches will be extlngubshed except one pn ibeDruggists every & 'Wilsonwhere.jL0WELL,MasE.,Oct.a4,—exploded, killing Walter W. Rriggs, assistant -engi-officer and surgeon of tiie post are greatly It reminded him of a ytiung gentleman in Illinois, technics, speeclies of a laudatory character, from The friends of The family and the members of Longiu the public stores and elsewhere.Let them ste that Mr. Matueb was elected, Tlie Tc-terans of 1813 Declare for Llnrolu.lyn, on Krida.v afternoon, Nov. farther invitation.11. Templeearnestly copimendedMr. G. T. Inols, a resident of Monmouth, Iowa, rc- hoped they would all zealously and earnestly support w-as chosen to preside. Speeches were made t>yTHE METHODISiTI Iagency on the 4th prox. cordiallyGet. 31, Joszpn Gli.ice, in the c;th year of his age.The funsial services will lie held at 10 o'clock on Fri- For this week is ready, and may be obtained of the new.-,from Pike's Peak, was left by two of his iraveUng companions, names unknown, at the Hos-door on the 2ith of October, when they galloped -off. Dr. SoMxaa htimanely took hitn into the Hospiiai and attended him, but he was too far gone with fever to recover, and shortly died.tnraliighis churns.SPEKCll.Oi' JOHN C- MATnF.E.Mr. John C. Mather, the candidate on whose b- didates of the Republican Party.The Fourth Ward Republicaufl.Tlie friends of Li.ncoln and Hauun in tho Fourth Ward met last evening at No. 35J Pcarl-str>et.day^ Btcmlap,at the D. R. Church, Bowronville. Thedealers and at tbe oflice.Among iis contents will be found leading editorials ontheINTELLECTUAL INFLUKNCE OKMETHflDlSlfOn Public Opinion and the later Ci\ ilizatiou. in its Lit-and ^a- A calm appeal to our readers, ou all sMe.^ of politicali\ll Mayenc? Clthedral.apply.-onvinced him that New-Tork wouid be true to the care Trass with success in cures of HerniaIanus olIteBiahed at lower cost than Chi„„a .^..o.f--DB>_9Iarahnion, and be victorious in Keeping or Rupture. Ladies waited upon by a female in privateprysred'lib H(OT WATIB or HXAM MLOWEST TheConwdtoailsteamerKf^rnnharriveda-.,:a pullingaDemocratnearit-JoHXC.Matueb.[Ap-SuspenasnodryalBlandages,SilkElasticStockings,Knee-ertofthispapa^JilTtoal !•!*—Wreck WI this contest.Btantial manner, ,Aniciiean Vessels. hour yesterday morning from llavan.i and N^t.--iIifrom from the White House, and rooms. Bathing Trasses, Supporters, Shoulder Braces.Mr. LiNcci.M'^iu:e-l He the acts of Mr. Matueb as a caps, surgical appliances, by MARSH k CO.,No. aTeseT-su,elirt Johnpeople •t.PateBtedNoT. 1, istt.—away.eulogizedNew-York,MOREHFAD'S MAOIC EYK-WATEK. THK BEST IN THE WORLD.oooooooooooooooooooooooooooo BALLOTTS PATENT DfFBOTEDVKBMCHYOKESHIKTStC»Mt<t.. Sew-^^^.State senate. Mr. WioD was in a good busineis, thatooDosite St. Paul's clnBoh. Dye. WIca aad Toupees.—Hairla.ike' the rich richer and tiie poor poorer. [Laugh- establishment IsTHE RESULT.overcome convuliious, tirorer&Baker'sCelebr-utedTi.ird Division, comprising the YorkviUe and„,„.„ Chicago, 12th November, 1S59.second Wards and Liberty Wide-Awakes, will form on Seventh-avenue, (east side,) right on Fourteenth- street.A. Bonce, with his command, (City Wlde- In the Third Awakes,) and Capt. Penut, (Lonkont Club,) will re-DlAfeT OP STBAM BOILER EXPLOSIONS. ""w-Orieahs, Oct. 23,—The boiler of Chemical Works exploded, demolishing a portion of tbe wall, and serious-ly injunag two persons.LzR.Mass., Oct.24.—AboUer of PIstner & Smith'sHEW taper Hill exploded, serions'y and probably fatallyCommandants are particularly enjoined to select Filth Ward careful men to use fire-works, a- many accidents \>c-««.aadtSUfireworks is to be that Wide-Aw-ake—wiU, of the s^-ams th'; only stich thatof an safe motor. Ericsson's Caloric eatirelyMississippi, fellow-citizens upon the dangersJohn Y. Sava*;!. called themoved that Ex-Recorder TiLios take the cliair, which moBon were declared carried.paitsmeetingfscluiing.Send far a circalar.peril theAU oppo-ed to the eU-ction of Lincoln and HalitewPalace Garden, on the evening above mentioned,wtien Hon. W^M. H. Seward and other eminent ora- torswilladdres-thecitizensofNew-York.llaimers, with the names of our candidates, (localor otherwise.) will not be but it is ac- oiUy permitted,tuall} re(:uir«id that a full and fair exhibition of our candidates' oames should be made to the public._,The CountyRatification111 take at place506ijffice No. Broadway.•Flnkle&-I.yonHewlnic-nfarhlneCo.ATI ii,achine(> wairanted to give better satiaractiOD than sny others in market, or money refunded. Ageutswanted. No.KBBROADWAY.New-York.President Bnchonan 'for the Ijedser write, and bays his hatsfrom the hatter GF.O. WHITIS.whichUNION ANJl THE CONSTH'UTION.s(iuare, w'heic i;ie wjtole force wid be review-ed bytjanipaigntil the routeof march iswith.coaghs and all throat diseues.WtrxB Outs Taa ta at'.^M'a, It magnstta orconcentrated curative powers rsa,ior li a most 8p«9dyandefficientPAIN ANNIHILATOH.ttickit—4ou notais^oltr', bottle, at No. Ml Broadway, NTts-and men governed bySiuKALs—First gun,second<Mn<« Tarit nat—pleasant—Rev. Dr.has beena White Mountain View, of;BostonDELAWARE LOTTE|tiES. Extra Class No. 621, Nov. 1. 1880.MIUMS for SUBSCRIBERS,which embrace many most Blii-John-st„ FITRNACBS.Twelve private rooms tor ttie application of hii* Hair Wi^ and Ton- liepublieans and see that pees have improvements the only plscaMOKKHKAl), M. D., No.c. jiatuee. Let them the extant. BATCHELOR'Sthe guard agatihnestbal- Dye—the best over all. This is-^ ^-The brigantine -A/ma, Capt. Baovt.v, not being ah!eto procure more than 55 tons of guano, put Into Nas- l..;-i)oxes be guar.jed. Let dissension be healed and a Where these are properly understood and made. sau on the 19th of October for addiUonal cargo, and gluriou.s uciory be achieved. He Was reminded of« A BeaatlfU OeasplezlanJ' U desired by all proceed racy wcs sur< ui spite of their to come to- ''Snow White Oriental ":W^at the late Fair, the judges who eiam- Tdrk-sLsland advice* of the 13th of October have gether at the po'ls. fights, had Tidi^ nsePHALON'B Cream on native whisky Bourbonia reported as^BB JF&BDBRICK. A,CONKtlNgfor the purpose of laying before the members the de- race, but Rethought it would hardly pay to *get up £2«mth* UaltadBtatM. Price.'°!' No.i99-Bourbon Whisky (Mills' Boorbonia)—Fss- aesaing an excellent flavor and fine aroma."Governmentin regardtocer- The weotbn *t Ttuli'9 blind taw been very uuset-[Applause]great enthusiasm for Mr.da«4teap«cisionofHertain oidinances pas*«d at the last session.o«t.W. ANIlERSfW, C»pt«te. --i'j*Majesty's^ COLLENDBR,OFOlil. i: 8a•B«lW]Hl.^, !"' -•Coogreaaionaltothird gun, to march.tow h^el into columnGrand Marshal at Headquarters from 4 to 6 P. M. By order ofJ. H.HOBARTward.GrandMarshal. W. Mabiin Gielxspik, Adjutant.cents aTork, and by tB druggists,:MARRIED.FiftyNational Democratic CountyCoBTrDtion.Identical with that existing in the blood oCPrevious notices and testimeniab have established the fact tnat THE GKAEIENBKBG COHPAMTV MARSIlAIi'S T'TERINE CATHOLICON is the MlW reliable cure for those diseaseswom^n. from tbe age of 15 miserable toas a City-, Couyty and Judiciary Convention, met last%xti- sctly healthy person. Unltlnc withths dlgas^adTlie General Committee, Breckinridgesittingwhichrerderthe Uveaofat Thorp's' Hotel on Union square, 'Philip approving the nomination ^»f Jonn C, W. Engs, Esq.. presiding. During a brief session the&lAatiARrr€-, daughterShannon, £sq.,nominations were madeMr. Hobaobby Rev. Wilson Fhraner. Stohe. of St.I.«uiM, Mo., \tQ Miss Marqakit L. Wells, daughter offollowingKfifiitfr— Lynch.:Jamesthe late Alexander H, of the former — Wells,.SupfTT'isorSurroealc—E.City Judfi—Jotm R. Livingston. Srconter—John T. Hofiman.S.Republican Central Campaign Club. SPEECH OF HON. O- A. OKOW.Tliis Club met last evening in the large hall of the Cooper Institute, in order to accommodate the Targe numbers desirous of hearing Hon. Galusha A. Grow, of Pennsylvania, who was aimounced to ad-Derarged —Pain in the Back aad AppetiteJugtice HuprrtorJustice Svpreint Court George Barnard.—— Xllrziness—Nervonsnees—Headache Restleasoess—capacity.plause, and made an eloquent speech, confining remarks entirely to the subject of free homes, as setM. T. RxT.SowAxaBiiftar,Ed.Zcamiiwr,New-Tork BxT. D. W. CxoHX, Agt., Am, BlMe Dcioa, K. T.Rxv. O. F. A. SmmBS, Bnttemntx, M, T.Sot. Dx. I.aoHiXB, Kxeter. NDistrict Meeting.Ratiacationwith a constituted torcldight procession,are invited to attend her rest«ctfull.vfuneral,FridayThe W-teians of IH12 met inconsiderable num.ber last evening at No. 618 Broadway. Isaac .M.iieral, at his late residence, No. Isl! (,'r.tuil St., this Uay, (Friday/) at 2 o'clock, I'- M.Church,!i XT.TheDogaa"Palioe.and Mr. Mather, and Phvfe. one of the most venerable of their number,turn. CONTENTS or 1V0. 2.iu iiv. that the Soldiers of ISf,! would vote for tiie can-Cars leaT«0rand-8t. and Peck slip Ferries every 10 min- at'fs;-'Reaafais will be taken to Monmouth Co ,N. J.Dvra.^a Maspeth, L. I., on Thursday, Nov. 1, at 1 o'clock P. M., JonN Dunn, in the 91st yearof his age.I1tersburg.-- -Amsterilam.ar-rived from Utah today. Capt. Ukaih, of the Tentli presence. He had no doubt that if the same spirit Hesrt H. Huelat presiding. Speeches were made by IIowAED.—In Astoria, L. L, Henry Howard, in the other onCol. Cbossmak, Deputy Quartermaster-General,question!!, not to be misled by party journals _and an-him.The thermometer tlus mon.ing stood at 30°.Numerous trains are parsing both East and West daily.Aaatker Counterfeit in Cirealation. Iin>iARArous,Ind., Thursday, Nov. 1.prevailed they would prove successfal on the 6th of November. Personally interested as he was, he would not occupy thetr time, but reiterated his thanksDr. M. E. FoY, Cuarles Spekceb, Delafieu) Suith, andothers.Union meeting.Ex -Gov. Seymocr, ofNew-York, and Mr. JauesE. TuAiEB, arc to speak at Cooper Institute tliis even-A Card from Channcey Shaffer. Niw-Y'oRi, Thursday, Nov. 1, ISflO.2&th year of his age. TherelativesandfriendsofthefiimilyarerespectfullyInvited to attend his funeral, from the residence of his mother-in-law. Mrs- Henry K. Blockwell, on Saturday afternoon, at 2 o'clock. Steamer Mattano leaves Fulton Jlarktt slip at 1 o'clock.RoQERS.—In Orange. N. J., on Wednesday, Oct. 31, V:i.iiiA Martha, wife of John Roaias.The friends of the family are invited to attend the fu- neral, from the residence of G. Washington Smith, Scot- land-3t.. Orange, this day, (Friday,) at lo;<; o'clock A. M. —WHAT IS IT ? onsomecuriousPRICE TWENTY-FITE CENTS EACH NUMBKB. Sent free by ma.l to any addrecs within 3,000 miles ottof2I>centseach.receipt 'A liberal discount to dealers.U. APPLETON * CO.. Publishers.No.4. 443 and 4t5 Broadway.R. R. R. BADWAY'S REGULATING PILLS.Tl/r Tni'jnph ofVesetabh htedirntitm Over CeilomeltQ^- niiK anil their /.jndrttl Miiurai Poisons.Theserious injitrico entai^ei upon the sick, afflicted with Cbillsand levrror Apue andil'ever, TypboH Fe-To the Editor o/the New- York Times :of this that I was last evening nominated as a candiditte forSnedeker In Saratoga, on Tuesday, Oct. 30, Steehin to an editorial article) troraMagoonencouragingand A Sketch, by Jolms-desirable articles, such as Melodeons and SewingBOyNTON-STheM SELF-UCRLNEACNEISNGh,aveSEbeLeFn-PACEnTS, mAThe undersigned,Could the South be examined more than twenty different kinds of sewing-o[Laughter.] Their imarrels ThJsutlele is wttboat a rival as a beaatUet of the skin im-d and passed upon yourbeen received. The Legislature had been convened been compared to the caterwauUngsl of the feline and eravlaxlen. Sold by all ^oggista and fancy-goodsquwreU on that supposition.After speeches by H. L. Cuaioa and others, themeeting adjoumsd ami'latimtmt^www.fultonhistory.comuponthe steadfastly supported,:'.--.*'s.w'.:ichBaa>rspeakerin-Tbi'Max SiMiTH and O. Abbott. After a mutual con-fereTice. a resolution w-as adopted with great uiua- fHsads sf the family are respectfully invited toattend.Kcanupwiwttls. Tadia Rubber Boeta mmi Shoes, with ladies',muTea' bMs' andS;i pri'cSf»tcbUdien's booU and ihMs of allk ova., n». jn o»b»i-»ustylesVeryrespectfun^.^^^^^^^ Or, Secietary Aaerlcaa laitttlMifcrj^h.^^ Nm.63 tod*Crosby-St.wuaaelTecllngCASH ADVANCE BATES. Kef?r<noe—Messrs. RamoHP, WxsLIT Co., pahU*Ingj .Within tteiaoatiX atl_.owp.r_ioea, Batiaatai^T«aUntitled DocumentI.„^^„,_ KEV.D. McCLINTOCK.on the Papal Allocution: analyiin;; and commt-ntingPrepared byex- .Syrup Is administered. It not only rtlieves theFirst Division, comprising the Morgan Artillery. Firit, Second, Third, Fifih, Sixth Wards and Lafayette \\ ick-Awakes, wiU form on Fiflectitn-sireet, (north side,) right on ScveDtb-avenue.small portable steam-AI tiller) andUnionWide-Awakes,will formon Health!>•Wrallh,and8IrknemPovertyIn- sitsoCEricsson'sCaloricEngine,exceptexploding inianGlass-ware,thewhole(omiingaserviceAtCorlk«NOISELESS SBWINOThis is the truth, of course no ;fiction, that No. 216tluRcUerlcg at ones nay paio or appteasloa, aiidheaiing any irritation or inSanunatioa.Wasa Oiivj Til is »ixit? b?o.i Scisa, !• brat:;months and 9 days.The relatives and friendsof the family are respect/ullySkidmore.—In this on City,Loss of Memory—Pain in t^e Batik. THE GRAEFENBERG MARSHALL'S UTERINE CA- ?Ht)LItJON is prepared by an edvcated pb3'sician, aad may l>e fuily depended upon. All other preparatiOfMbesbf'uld avoiaeo,Pn-^f$11S»perbottle JB"FoaSriHoLumFiv» Bottles bektbt bxpriss. asd casaaES paapiiVTO sa» 01 Lxi^BKSs Lin raoH Nkw You:, jgt AddreaaJOSHUA F. BBIBOE, M. D..Resident Institute. Phyiieiao. GrM^nbergNo. 3 BOK^T.. NEW-YORK. TBE GRAEFEKWBG VB6BTABLE PILLSNo, 1S3 FnltoD-st., Brooklyn.'•Sold by allWheeler pany'sWith Hemmers, Binders. Confers and Markers. These machines make the luck-stitcb alike on both sidesto Mrs. MartBloatings—Feverishne.m— — NeuralgiaL.Stui levant. Esq,, of the above place.In this City, on Wednesda.v, Oct.-31, AnoL- Tbe friend? of the famil.v are invited to attend his fu-proposecondition, the BiUs wiDneral,fromhisfather'sresidence, near stth-st.,lOth-av.,anypartcountry.at2o'clock, without LlviKOBTON.—In WIlliamsburRh, on Wednesday, Oct-|I31 .lollN in the 30th I.lviMisTON,OABPETTS.—GuLlCE. At his residence. B'ishwick, on Wednesdfty.VI. View XII. ofCerea-Pev-1.. on Saturday, Nov. 3. ad II A. M. MS^ California papers please copv.PMjie.VI. (ireat Eastern SteamerXII.lireat Eastern Steam-day'the People's and Workingmen's Con- L. 1.. this day, (Friday,) Nov. 2, at 2 o'clock P. M.morning newsjiapersI beg leave to say, witluiut waiting for any officialITS DOMESTIC CORRESPONDENCE. Comprises a 'ettcr fromOUR BALTIMORE CORRESPONDENT,protected by Stste law. All the States but one then information, that, while cntertaming the most pro- II o'clock at the old Methodist Church.lavoreu Slavery-. The orgrulic law- of the nation pro- found respect for the worldngmen of my Congres- SiMMEBHAVS.—In Rome, Ga., on Wednesday, Oct. 24,tected Slavery then and now.the Republican Party wage a ThetimehadcomeWhentheVni(»nwasindanger.'i"he Democratic Party was, unfortunately, divided. Hut. there was virtue enough left in the DemocracyofBy w-hat right then didSCMUEr.HAYS. OFJICIAL DRAWINGS,of aenaration. and a PREACHERS,recentlyheldinPhiladelphia.sional liistrict, I cannot consent, under the present circumstances of the canvass, to accept such nomina-DiscuPslDf:; in good eriritplanspoison.* attacks ofgcteralsystem. Kine-tenth.-oftliediseasesthatafflioation. That there may be no mistake in the mailer.IBI TELEaRAFH, I^EGAIilZBDover-dcsiiii; mlli ijuinine, Arseaic* Rapway's KrocLATiyo Pills operate in from threebCKleave here to that I shall vote for Mr. Cowk- say,OF THE LOTTERIES.Inthedepartmentofj^^j^Y criticism of "LiteraryGOSSIP,by &c.attend the funer.al. from his late residence, Hempstead,it with his usual clearness and vigor ter fromthe saffronHoRTON.—In White Plains, on Wednesday, Oct. 31, Ai'EAHAX B. noRTON. aged SOyeais.The funeral will take i>hice from his late residence, on S iturday. Nov. 3, at 10 o'clock A. M.. at the house, andhealthmnt others bear in mind that iaMrs.Catherinethefull report of tbe National Convention of LOCAL tailiog such terrii.le the liver, heart aad:soH's Caloric EsaniE is as safe as a Franklin store. OrxaATioH.Connecticut. that she i» completely cured, but still continues taking Mill ThelMilerfarheatingE. T.but it socnbefiau toKent,DamageSaffolk _KoB.seen it beforeing has ceased, and the humor is now entirelr gone, so;disappear.Tbe Itch-mGlass Shades!SHADITS, of all si7.es, for coveiing clocks.ESCHWEOE—voK Hei!«.—In thisNov. I, at St. Ualtliew's Church, by Rev. C. ¥. E. StoW- mann. Jahss Escuweqe and Augusta von Heik.Browee—CairriN.—In thlsCity, on Thursday, Nov. 1, by Rev., J. £. Searles. Mr. Edward Urowke to Miss Sarah L.. daughter of Chas.H. Griffin, Esq., all of this City. —PENTr. Shanhom.—In Yonkers. on Wednesday, Oct. 3I,b.vRev. Ilr. Seward, Giorse B. Pektz, of New-York,Gouan, daughter of T. M. DIED.Se^vaed.—In this City, on Thursday, Nor. 1, of t!;erj;i. lIiNRT FRANKLIN, sou of Henry C. and Marie K, Seward, sged 11 months and 16 dsys.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyin\ iled toattend the funeral, on Saturday at 9 morning,o'clock, from the residence of his parents. No. lOSTth-st. The remains will lie taken to New-Rochelle for interment.The relatives and friends of the famll.v are invited toattend the funeral, from his late residence. No. 9T toD-i'lace. on Sunday, Nov. 4. at 134 o'clock P. M. Fu- neral services at the Church of the Ascension, Sth-av., corner lOth-st.Ferris.—In this City, on Thursday. Nov. 1. of typhoid ftver. AsN ELI7.A, wife of Jacob P. Ferris, aged 29 years,—invited to attend the funeral, from her late residence, No. '^67 West 30th-st., this (Friday) afternoon, at 1 o'clock, without further invitation.are tbe best in the world for (amiiy ue, and for |.vearhis tige.V. St. Mark's Venice.LOTTF.RIBS,BY THK LEGISLATURE.. di..ea8e8, &c 6a dla- produce healthyof the Sute of Delaware to superintend tbeaThis is number equalin Interest teof the The safest aperient any pre- dnif.'.in tbe world for danger*** ladlea an*, , ,. JGovernordrawings of the Delswaretbe following are the numbers drawn this dayJournaLcr^ntfnnes the announcement of PRE-JOHN HOOFER h CO. N. B.—Advertisements hisertad at thessss o assssssa obTEAIU AND HOT WATEK HKAEEKB.StateI,ottery,docertify that :vioosissuesof thispopularcliinlri'ii.Hlisiiw;iy's Remcilies;;re «i-.l.Iby druggists everywhere.19Walker-st.,New-York. X± .-^OLB F.Y ALL GOOD DRUtiClSTS.To John flr-sTHMills No. H Broadway 4 Cot,gradea. Lovers of choice Teas « ill Ted>o weclolrtroeesapl„olntoj BALLOU BBOTHEBS, No. tat Broadway, New-Tork. give them a trial.- JaS. F. .JOYOB,diph-persons, wU—cr — itching Burnii-g Irritation of the I'teriae Or^taasAnxiety—Nervous Twitchinir-ner, Johnson, andEaiossos's CALoato £ifonnengine, or in numliers, at the Caloric Engine Agency, No. 1G4 Uuane, corner of Hudson-st., in the City of New-rate we have reduction.our ciutaatn the foilJ samioodorsarebroughtindirecteoataotwiththsinvited to By order of ti.e Committee.R^y.Joshua Ed. inLxavirr, iwptmArni...earne.-tiyattend.BroneUsI T»hatm*mli Uu iir-CdU *fLw^s^.-Iswi,Tan ftaynauca am Pnurr wta Blooo,Tut lapAxs Ehxxot to Tax Naavois Ststxb, TaxT iHTiaoiian *bx Litsx.Tmr SnnvomiB i^ Disimoa,TaXT Bxanum thi Ssaxxriotrs or era Bopr, AanaxaaSrxomcraxall7xiiauiWxAnuaaa.Pxici Onx DoLLsaa Paoxaax.At ua Brdhdvay, New-Tork. udaU DraolatLAPaamarooBTaimirii "tmanmuMyiimva foUowing and many other wsU-knsws proaXoeetan ea-power, rest satisfied tilllie sent to any addres;, yVss ty ausi.H. BKMS TOR A PAMPHLXT,.II. TbeSiMiirand Great Pyramirt.IX. Temple Kirdessy. I«- dia.X. Great Temple Abo* Simbel.BeststylesEnglishVELVETS,$12Sto$160peryard BeetstylesEnglishTAPESTRY,80c.to$1peryard. PfTspective ^•of| TempleS!.Ma:k's.VII. A Nubian Temple.1. Cnlr.gr.' Ci.tl,.rir.-,1.11. Ch-.r<li of Si. .In-jVllI. Greek Cburoh.SuPe-orcw'.-. Rome.111. Ci.tliidral of .St. Eti-| IX. Protestant Cbnrbh.THREE-PLY AND INGRAINENGLISH AND AMERICAN OIL-CLOTHS, kc ta.IV. Tombs of the Mameluke I Kirgs.erature and in its style ot I'ulpit Orate ry other on- X. Hurialupon;the of the Wcsloyaii MiFsionary Society.Let pb.vsiciansasHumptious *thereport just publishedwillpillsAMERICAN and FOREIGN SECULAR, and RELI- charsre (iuaraijteed to be fri-c irom mercury, qulniaefrThepublisherR..\DWAYit CO., No. asN.Y.oNo. JAPANESE TBA.^EHsor conditionthem. Iteside the local utarineof living,againstart ofien attended with Deranged Monthly Period.',—iNIIlUEBTloa GOKSTIFATIONthatmconrsetipp.aetoesdant thanat Thebf. III. TempleofEdfon.lis are causedSadness-Depraved Appetite—Pain in the OrgaDa—Numbsessand Painin the Limbs-» and splendid Range, just completed, eoaMalac an*5o work in any part ot the ooani *^ rtoftheooantrr.biAND >- RANOB*.—-V!""! and priyala tinlMM..5«^ Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 