 affc« Northern journals have stated that the^.berofMudeuU who left Philadelphi* WMCWttatH. aud that many bad returned to the with John C. Bives to execute a portion of theABtkerCity. Theythenfixthe*"****who toft at OTer three hundred, and of theae oaly ew ha. returned to the North. They fartherwork,whilst other portions,con«wt**gofPoetOfflee banks, be has arranged to have executed by Jewett, theLondon Cloth aamce—This IitrivalledSsuee, nsenufaetorad bv Parker, Brce. luadoa. eae be obtoit ed of their aa*r,t in 'hi* cHy, A. J. P*RE ER IS Batsnaa wife ef Conrad Wubbeaaorst, aged 44 years, 4 months sodB k b m o b d C o l l e g e ; t h a t t h e i r p a r e o l a , g u a r -i w g - T b c IleiMr.Speaker Pennington Spoke, of fornent for UrnPresidency. Already his friends are active. Trial o f Stephens a t t tmrlentovrn—Vet-months.The focerai will take place tha (Monday) afternoon"The moment we opened K wo wnreatrnsk with toe dear open tcpogranhy, and the bold and beautiful wood enirrav- tosa"—Chrhnaa Tntel'igeneer.strongly opposed York delegation bably be retained.b y republican members of t h e N e w Mr. Bach, Document Clerk, will pro-gaged at the Oyer and Terminer, a neighboring justice will come to New York to preside at one of the branchesThe funeral will take place t h a (Monday) afternoon, a t half past two o'clock, from 68 Gouverneur streetT»'» aTAXWSU OOIUIITTKMI O f TUE HOl'SW.afloat that ierw» a entitled to that position, but he does tot want ». »nd is sensible enough to know that Shermana entitled i<> tn* place by parliamentary courtesy.Mr Grt>» *iU be Chairman of the Committee on Territorus, tbe 1«*>iton assigned him by Speaker Banks In therers' Bank of Poughkeepaie, N. Y , were put 10 circula-tion in several of the wards in tbe city, of the followingdenominations:—10's on th e latter named bank, well e x -ecuted—but one arrest made; l's on the Bank of the Stateof New York, and 1 's on the Merchants' Bank of Provi-dence. The storekeepers were promptly put oc theirguard by the city telegraph, but no arrests were reported West Thirtieth street.Thirty fou i. emigres*. Had Sherman been elected, the speech, going into a history of the rise and progress of thechairman*Up of the OommiUee of Ways and Means republican party,andclosingwith anoarnesVnppealto woald, bv i-*rin*neatoty courtery, have fallen to Grow, the jury to spare the life of the prisoner.tohavebeenmade.CREEKEB—On Saturday evening, Feb. 4, WILLIAM J. CKEBUKB,aged28years,8monthsand12days.he beiig •••rman's principal republicancompetitorforMr. Hunter closed on the part of the commonwealth plays are announced for to morrow.Police Intelligence.SwiMiuxG ST EsuoRAjiT RINHBBS.—A couple of returned Elisabeth street, corner of Hester street The friends and OFFICE EUBFKA BEWING MACHINES.teroftheHouse.turnouttobetwoexclerksofthepast comebeforetheCourtofGeneralJailDelivery.ail there fair agreement*, Wendell says; forgot the many thousand dollars he had received for the physical uuUiment of the Ctmstilnlivn newspaper, and entered into s contractOperatic and Dramatic Matter*.A't*r a very succmtul c»mp«iga at B>ton. whkh e'< «*d m Saturday with a m«ft*c>% srben "Brunei" was glriu.the at lifts bare retimed t"> New Yo: k, an 1 will bedutysaelieredfromprotioc'a!praiseorblame—theCity Intelligence.?tD 8CEN8 AT THE VOLES QABDBH.As Mrs Josephine Farren, an attache of the Volks Gar- den theatre, at 41 Bowery, was performing on the tight rope00Saturdayeveninglast,herclothescaughtfireMr*. Winjlow'j Soothing Srrnp.•UI.LIMR8 o r aOTTlBS are BOwuai e»err jearfr tbe Coned Male* for eljlldron taeebioc. witk aev»cf»ll.n#«jje«** Relieftaantoetotoand certain. Only 25 eenu a nolleEns, only son of Samuel aad Miry Trapbnt, aged g years,S aaontbsaad 19 day*.lue frauds at,d ulatires ef the family are respectfully Invited to alteod the funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, stone o'el.rk. a> their restdenoe, 117thstreet, between is-ron-]andThirdavenues,HarkmKoitrand Avenue, Brooklyn.Tbe Ecene of the boiler explosion in Ames & Moulton's hat factory in Nostrand avenue was visited yesterday by thousands. The grounds are surrounded with a board fence, and the Ninth precinct police, under Sergeant will be belt! by the republicans on the subject of Printer. this morning, Recorder Barnard presiding. All the im- White, kept guard, preventing the crowd from rushing in.tance;ReportsoftheCattle,ProvisionandMoneyMar- kets, and all interesting news of the preceding week.The profession in general are kindly requested to attend the funeral, Ibis (Monday),afternoon at tw o o'clock, from 86 Forsyth street, meeting at one o'clock at the German Volks Garden, 46 Bowery.LAWSOM—AtBayRidge,on Sunday, Feb.6,ofdisease of the heart, WILLIAM LAWBOM, in the 18th year of his age, son of the late William Lawson, merchant, of Newnational adminntratioaa which ere so distasteful to the republk«B* luees has not been in the employ of the gOYemmtM for nearly tw o years, and Senator Trumbull and other* endorse h a republicanam. Another caucusTwo branches of the Superior Court and two of the Common Pleas will also be in session, and two judges will preside in the Marine Court.tanas— $2 s year; four cento a single copy. .Subscrip-tions received at the office northwest corner of Fulton andNassau sweets, New York. Single copies for sale at thecounter and by all news agents. Advertisement* inserted York.Twenty ivi my ivaniens In caucus yesterday voted for the aenwiatjoit of \iarston as Doorkeeper, thus striking at the New EagLoi 'Merest for printing, which creates intense fretag, and it a said m ay defeat Marston's eaction to-rus roar omen DtncisjiCT BILL.Stncg tfforu will be made to pass the Feet Office Defl-«ie«7 but this week Notwith»tanding the reoommendaA Urge number of boiler makers, engineers, masons and others were admitted, with the view of enabling them to inspect fragments of tbe boilers snd the building, In order to ascertain, if possible, the primary cause of the catas-at the usual UBEALD rates.Tbe friends of the family are respectfully invited to at- tend tbe funeral, from h a late residence, on Tuesday afternoon, a t two o'clock. Carriages will b e in waitingAUYB.ifca of the President to interest on Pont Offios securities,(U will be offered against Its payment, on then portance te which their attention has been called in vain,Manager*, WII*alngtou, Delaware. Official Drawing of Hodges, Davis &I tbat the scrip has been bought up by speculators s* arte ^counts, and hence ought not to be allowed.TUB roue raiTruo.The mating lobby are working like beavers to sleetthtw ctarftale. A written programme h a s been pre-pares,wub lackman*shareofthespoilssetapart Some«wetmrare.ublieanmembersaresaidtobecognisantofthe TheUnitedStatessteamsloopotwarBrooklyn,Captaineshesne. Wendell and a paper maker of notoriously bad Farragut, from Vera Cruz, the 24ih inst , arrived off thesteam and water cocks the cause of the explosion was at once apparent. The boilers, three in number, were conCLASS 24n, FEBBDARY 4, I860.70. 20, 30. 34, 69, 32, 42, 71. 26, 2, 60, 64, 9, 44. to attend the funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, at one***«»ew.U in ha dcahngs with the government are in« * piuacrmg progaamme. Every other candidate hasPass at anearly boor yesterday tnornSng, on her way to IVnsacola for coal and provisionsAt Vera Cru», when the Brooklyn left, all was quiet, al- though there was still considerable apprehension felt inO'CONNOR, in the 68th rear of b a age.His friends and the friends of bis brother, Peter O'Con-nor, and of ha brothers-ln hvw, James Dempeey and Nich- olas Wahb, are respectfully Invited to attonl bis funeral at half past one o'clock this (Monday) afternoon, from ha late residence, 266 Bowery.Jtat arrived,* < * % « . RkOTAM.Mo 55MaidenfPHB MEBCUBY BEADY AS USUALTh. nnhHAhar* of THE NEW YORK MERCURY (who wars Pseen honght oaT by prnaiwes, bet the old ane republican*ere determined m head off this corrupt scheme. They ot'DMqoence of Miramon's threatened expedition to theesy they b.v* s-^etsd a peoples party man for ipeeJter, en aau LK-. m»Hcu Clerk and a South Am mean Sbrgeant- • * * " " ' •«*•»« they mean to recognise the services of thnsnriaataad ablest sofandarsof the principles of the saaaamea party. Meh developemeoa will be made ifsen coast.Detachments of seamen and marines from the Brooklynand Saratoga have been sta'ione-l at Tamptco and Mtnatit- >a» for llto protection of onr consulates and citizens The Saratoga remainsatTernCms,and the Savannahwas daily looked for.sary mail une."The latest dates front the city of Mexico, by the Brookryn.aretotbolWblnat.Miramon was to toe city preparing an expedition againstGen Carvajal,whooccupied Tlsxoala with 3,000men. Earnestappea'swerebeingma«etotheclergyandbank- ers to furnish funds for an expedition against Vera Crus; but M was considered doubtful whether they wouldO'CONNOR.—On Saturday morning, Feb. 4, ANDREW tbIht* rle^it*7r.bylnVateflre> respectfully aanouno. that«*• «»b)ect of goner,, da*ua*ion, three*ntobreakdownthecorruptandextravagant wtochhashithertoenactedaparcelocadvsa. •awe sad broken down political hack newspapers to get**vkaealstreatthepubliccrib.Wendellcom •*• ei tavmg been cheated by General Bow- hat virtuous Indignation, and the country to being favorea with asto thein addition U the de eflas1theWheeler & Wilson's Sewing sad corruptions of tho j etuning This would have the appearance of a legitimately planned pertntendent of Police, basement of tho City Hall, in order Once 606 Broasway, Mew Tors.toreflBramsadAnalThe February term of the General Sessions commencesH B M stoanir Valorous, and a French and Spanish brig-of-war ware at Sacriflcios. Vera Crus, as well as •»theSenateprinting laves New Orleans, keeaty feels the withdrawal of the Tennessee, In stoppage of mails and business opeiations. " Surely," says a correspondent, " something should be done at once, by the Postmaster General, for this neces-O'CONNOR, In the 68th year of tun age.Hh friends, andtbefriends of his brother, PeterO'Connor, and of Nicholas Walsh, are respectfully to* •ited to attend the funeral, this (Monday) afternoon, at half past one o'clock, from his late residence, No. 265• Peamd. They wUl rival theKeep Your Feet Dry.—Use Brewer'*Pa-which wasaboutoneo'clock A.M Atbreakfast he de- tentCmipoemou Ita theonly'thlnf that make* boot*and Bowery.•"wars raiirruiG cojinrrrsn— aswar/-O'MEUA, daughter of John and Catharine O'MeUa, aged I years and 8 months.Tbe friends of the family are invited to attend the funeral.tha (Monday) afternoon, at half-past one o clock,fromNo.60Divisionstreet _ . . . ^I nnttPom -to-Wintomsburg, on Saturday, Feb *.«cTM9> CSARLSSHAREIBON,onlysonofOorneiaandthelateCHas. WPond,aged8years,4nieathiisadl*days.^ ^ ^ ^The relatives and friends of the rnttily are respe«ruiiy The relatives and friend* « * « * " " " / " VfternoanTstin•vited to attend UthKe ***£;** ^ r ^ a ^ l f m * rtwono'vclwo-ck,fromthberesidenceorni*F^"'2rz^l. "rr Mead, No. 80 South Fourth street, without further Inn-»beforetoe Senate PrintingInveoti-»ah Oaerral Bowman to UaaslSrtheefsmow^, • » , and pay Una (Bowman; the sre flying aboutp^- •*,1*,»soWagasbe(Wendell)oonTT"*Tre **•*»c«arveprmttngand tt B--....*1"ni|l"-J-.endthatlatheeventoif Boeraaa's iromhisgovernmenttoMtrs'un.Mi, 877, 4Mf 83, 660,188, 6, 4*4,ff'oSiarsarrWeadeff rurnuaaeaaf ahto asreeaviat hetout tap,Wendell wastoperfermthe agon— the Attorney General•nlrPyo. WiKfyKteao'aoatobe umpires.Nearly one hundred men were dtocharged on Saturday htot from the Brooklyn Nary Yard, fromthedifferent department*.to16BondstreetMill» « •'Itwulbereadstodayah hut OM1.1 hat<•wreTM..,*,*•<». r w«•» 'tta April foiloeing, and hat.«_ BBmau W t *saidnay the sec nd time iiUHIil agal lanska treatyrecently mcludedw>thMr.McLane,in ammtotaeaatt Medmg sa The Britwh Charge d Affiin20,a>1,MS,^BWpsjBto.W auntil further notice.Cannon PLEASConrr.-PErt 1-Nos.ee,t%j*W,424••'• ^ ^ ^ ^ • a W o **• W i w p * e w » *aaB^» ^r^^m^^^jassaajKKw maybetriadgiaUset469Broadway.NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.Wi'BBExnoRST —On Saturday, Feb. 4, ADEUTEW FIBT>WIO, pubbsberof that Know Nothing organ, the Biflalo f*»ei tu the end—under the protecting lome of Lving place. husband, one of the mutioians of the establishment, with otreet Thta artlale to superior to tbe Worcestershire, sauce, 14 tfaya.svrrtoi Jtdeerewrr. Nay,Wendell goesfurther,andde- The eeatcn, which willcommence tonight, with Miss severalother*,tasteuedtoherassistance,andsucceeded goootosaythattheyeresattofiedwiththeclarestbatthepoliteandornateJohnC.Rive*torealty fatti,F.rigLoli,AuiiHiioandSusini—asplendidquartet'.*— inextinguishingtheflamesonlyafterreceivingsomeplaudtheir ooonfc *J>a certainextentthU J a y b e t r u e ; a n d , i n d e e d , w e t e e n o r e a s o n why the people of the South should not ap-The friends of the family are respectfully invited to at- tendtbefuneral,tna(Monday)afternoon,atoneo'clock, • l a g e r ' s H e w i n g M a e h t m e s . f a r F a m i l i e s , f r o m N e . TIC E i g h t h a v e n u e , c o r n e r o f F o r t y n i n t h e t r e e t ,1860.HEAOKRTY—After a brief sickness, JOHN HxAnRRTr,Sed 23 years, 9 months and 7 days, youngest son of Wil- nounced incurable. Office tor the ueatmont of daeaae* of thoportant eases having been removed to the Oyer and Ter-miner by the District Attorney, the Court will be occu-piedIntryinga largecalendarofindictments forgrand trophe. Thewallsoftbemainbuildingwerefoundtobe larceny and burglary.FOR >UKT H EFebruary Session off the Common Coun- cil.The Board of Aldermen will meet this evening for the despatch of business. There are several matters of im-23,3,14,12,72,10,17,33,3d,48,29.42.(.InAM) OOBBOUaATBB LOTTBET—GLASS Six. FBSRUABY 4 18*0. New York.and we presume that some member will move to takefrom the present committee the matter ot the inquiryinto the charges sgainst certain Aldermen of the present nee ted by means of feed snd steam pipes. The centreBoard, unless the committee are prepared to show that boiler—which exploded—was shut oil' from the others,Prizes cashed at668 Broadway. Circular* *ett free. HODGES, DAVIS A CO , Managers, Maoon, Oa.o'clock, from h a residence,289 West Twenty-ninth street. Newburg pajiers please copy.MORRIS —On Sunday, Feb. 6, ROBERT S. MORBUS, of thethey are progressing in their investigation.both by the water and Fteant pipes, so that no water couldpassorbeletintoit,andthesteampipebeingclosed,noDrawing* ofthoDelaware State Lotte- firmofCromwell&Morris. TherelativesandfriendsoftbefamilyarerespectfullyLater from Mexico.gleam could passoutofit. Thesteamgeneratedinthe ries-WOOD,KDDTAOO,Manager*ofthe[From the New Orleans I'icayunejJan 29.]centre boiler, and having no means of escape an explosion was inevitable. It a estimated that the amount of pressure upon the boiler was about 700 pounds to the pqnare inch ,The boilers were thus connected, and stop cocks placed in tbe pipes, *o that in case all three were not required, two or even one might be used, eaoh boiler having sepa- rate furnaces. It was the duty of the engineer to have eeentbattlifseeock.swereopenprevioustofiringup. To this neglect on hit part, therefore, the accident i9f*.ttribal* Me.A circumstance showing the state of mind under whichMr.Eastmanlaboredonthemorningoftheexplosionwas related to tbe Coroner by the lady in whose, house he (the engineer) boarded. Tbe night previous he had wiinenedjthe terrible scenes in Eim street, New York, which so excitedOBXAWABU, SBOBUIA, EESTOOET AMD BUSSOONI STATS LOTTERIES.DELAWABS—EXTRA OLAM NO. 89, FBBBUABT 4.1860. 49, 33, 36, 11, 61, 61, 2, 26, 1, 39, 64, 24, 37. DELAWARB—CLASS MO. 60, FEBRUARY 4, I860.62,17, 58,46, 35, 50, 25, 4, 61. 29, 32, 42, 8, 74. Ctroular* sent free of expense by addressingWOOD. RDDY a CO.. Wilaatoaton. DelawareO. A*Bills, Eiehang* and Commission Broker. Mo. 17* Oreenwnh stresl K. B. Prises tn an le«aUaedH a t M i r r o r s . — H i g h l y fJsefal I n A r r a n g - ingthetoiletwhentravellingorvbitmg. Forsaleat60SBroad- way, Mew York.invited to attend the funeral, on Tuesday afternoon, attwo o'clock, from h a late residence, No. 166 West Seven-teenth street, without further invitation. His remains NEW, -LIVE PAPER, toe NEW YOllK ILLUSTRATED will be taken to Greenwood for interment NEWS, aold everywhere.etrtct cf titter smourts 1 > pret'y nearly the same thlog from the fontlighU, soon enveloping her in a blaze. Hers e v e r e b u r n s t h e m s e l v e s .d i a n . , a o d . i n f a c t , - t h e w h o l e S o u t h , " a p - w a s t h e a u t h o r , o r , a t a l l e v e n t s , e d i t o r o f t h e o n e / W e a r e i n d u c e d t o b e l i e v e , h o w e v e r , t h e c r o w d e d c o n d i t i o n o f t h e t h e a t r e , t h e d e m o s t e o a f u - t h a n a n y m a c h i n e i n m a r k e t . T b e f a m l l i m a c h i n e * , a t $ 5 0 a i dthe Junior partner it ill of that arch republican Weir, who iath«"rur4a<u," will, it is announced, be a vary short inmeA s m i g h t b e e x p e c t e d f r o mtoeVtr*. snd *ll manufacturing onrpnae*. are unequalled Thar without further invitation. Bar remains wl'l be taken toHelper book-so that in fact and in truth the froth the town talk, that It will be so sionsndexcitementprevailed,theaudience (earing tbat Senate printing, together with that of the execu toclrteful, more especial!)' the Fatti nights, the flames would spread and set the building on fire. tire departments, now serves as pebulenco for a tbatfa may be prolonged beyond tho t.m • specified in the The contusion was soon allayed by the arrival of the Know Nothing organ on the one hand, and the officialannouncements. EveryhabituewiHbeathispost Tenth ward police, who immediately disntlssed ther»,areattr»etin*uBi*er*alattentionI M.SINGER « OO 4WBroadwar, M. T .UO F a l t o n e t r e e t . B r o o k l y n . Holloway'sOinlment IsWorking W on-plaud any attempt to sustain their own educa- sponsors of the Helper treason on the other; whilst that to-nigbt to hear Adeline Paul in the «'Purltanl," a role people in a quiet and orderly manner, without toe occur- derfnl eurea in rheumatJem Where ttnrr other remedy fails,00,^1 institutions. In the meaatime we may bogus miliary character Gen. Bowman, ens quietly be- which is especially suited for her very brilliant styls and rence of any accident. Mr. John Enright, of 194 Broomethi» inestimable salve takes hold, penetrate* tn tbe very core,(taark,inpassing,thattheattempttoorganizetweenthetwoandpocketshispercentageoftheprofits.exquisitevoice1 emote* every partiete of inflammatioo aad effect* a complete street,hadagoldwatchtakenfromhispocketwhilecure.Manufactory,80Maitonlane,M.Y. ther,No26Moorestreet,nearDrvhtouavenue,Williams-»asilar bolt from the medical schools of the Wendell proves the partnership between Blair and RivesIn the theatres the only novelty of the week was the production of the new version of " Oliver Twist" at thepassing out at the door, by some thief, who escaped. Theunfortunate woman died yesterday, and Coroner Jack-W a s t e d - T w o Good O i l a n d W a t e r C o - lorsu. who understand retouching Faotdgrepha to India inkburg, UUs (Monday! afternoon, at two o'clockCalifornia papers please copy.W AED—In Brooklyn, JAMES WARD, of the pariah efpairopolis turned out a tremendous fizzle.by the fact that Rivee" business notes are given In thename of the firm. Tha arrangement accounts for tho re- Winter Garden. B has been received with favor, and mad held s a inquest on the body. She resided at 85 and coloring Ivorytypen None but toe best artM* wanted, lack, county of Donegal, Ireland, after s tedious illness.andtorichapermanent*ituationSouthcan benOsred. Ap- P'j to Scovill Manufacturing Company, No. 4 Beekman street.the editor of "Helper." drawn after a abort and not over meeeasful run- cordance with the facta.Add to these dacJosnres the assertion that Wendell ha A portion of the New Bowery company, including Ecurss or THE MOON Early this evening there will be nent retention of rupture; bathing Traesea, ftopporters, Shoul-Inthe24thyearofhaage. ^ ^ The friends of the family are Inrlted to attend the fune- ral, tha (Monday) afternoon, at half past one o'clock.from the corner of Corambia sad Paciftc streets, StiringofSenatorsSewardandSumnerwhenthe rotewas wfil remain in the bills forsemetime longer. Atthe Forsyth street, aad wasthe principal support ofher jjRBisiara n u n WASHUQTOI. taken, thus allowing Bownantobe elected so as to benefit Bowery theatres the "Octoroon'' has been with' mother and asters. The jury rendered a verdict in ac-to support also the PeaMybamion and t"ie awondaf Area* a couple of apparently not over prosperous Philadolphia newspapers—that be alleges he baa bad to sustain other newspaperstarvelings, andaherd ofbeggarlyhangersMrs.W.G.Jones,MissFannyHerring,Mrs.Dunn, aneclipseofthemoon,thewholeofwhichwillbevisible derBraee*.SnspeaaoryBandar**.aUkelaatteStocking*.Knee Cans. AnkUeaand all •m-fiea! appliance*, aoieoUfioa'ly anthe Pre*»«eaey—Tne Po»t O A M Oen-eleney »U-I>eTel*pe«a««ta Before the OB, 8teedman,Banks, McLean,Walker, Rice, Severn*,RrssBXL—Anmw OnThursday,Feb.2,atBuffalo,NT.Y. by the Bev. M. Larue P. Thompson, D. D., GEOBGBP. Young Han" to much liked, aad drawn well. So in the the moon towards the east, and, in mean time, to take RrsBBtL, of Philadelphia, to Lavoru H , daughter ofTHK MOOT MAOnTmCBMT,THE MOST PaOFOSKLY, AKD TBE• • • a t e P r i n t i * . C o m m i t t e e , efcc., «%e. oca s n a i L WASBINUTON DESPATCH.WASHI*OTOS, Feb 8,1M0. —aw——HremcaouABDwauas AXDnuaatat Board of Trade and Chamber of Commerce having nottoaad tha government to offer its mediation m behalf of Uepeacefulsettlement ofthequestions now disturbing the relation* between China and the tw o great European fbwers, England and France, (he proposition has been se-riouslytakenup,andanowunder adraemeaL Itftnot veryprobable,noweverJustitmightappear,thatear governmec 1 will volunteer iU interposition omens apptioa-Hoa should be made by the two governments.MM H-BASKX rnisisaioa MBSTIOXBD von ran PBBSII>BJKT. Penmugiun * election for Speaker has made him promi-ex., and a pretty good Insight a given Into the corrup U » 8 of this gigantic swindling job of the public printing. •uaaaoa or A a n n a STATESsuasion moa o*uroa,vu.Private advices by the overtond mail state that Mr Milton S. Latham has been elected Senator of the United Sates for Californiapublic affaire in California. THiaumsrsamoaaouvu.GeneralBeJga,thenewMmfcterfrom Bolivia,arrived here to day, and a atoppiug at Wlllard's. No clue has yet been obtained of the recent robbery at Charleston or the money and other valuables belonging to the General, amounting to seventeen thousand dollars.three Broadway theatres—Water Garden, Laura Keene's and Wallack's—there will be no change in the bills for thtoweek.At Niblo's Garden Cook's circus entersto-nightuponplace as follows:—New YorkEclipse begins. h.m.Eclipse greatest. h.m.Edipte emu.Stephen G. Austin, Esq.RSTD—ROGERS—On Thursday, Feb. S, at the ThirdCHBAPBST ILLD8TRATBD BIBLE . B T O PCBU8HKD.Part 1—Pries FIFTEEN CENTSWith thirty two will be oatAtallBeeWednesday, the 8th _Mr. G. C. Boniface, Mr. Dunn and Mr. Fox have gone to throughout the United States, except the Pacific States, pUed by MAJUaH* Co., Ho. 8 Taney Boston to do the "Octoroon'' at the National theatre in and even there the greater part of the eclipse can be York.thatcity. seen. Aboutfourfifths(97digits)willbeeclipsed. TheAtLauraKeene's Jeannie Deanscontinuestodrawful eclipse,asseen bythenakedeye or through an opeaa glassorothertelescopewhichdeesnotinvert,willappear house*. At Wallack's theatre tho "Romance of a Poor to begin at 79 degrees from the most northern point ofMawthe fourth week of its successful career. The novelty Albany New HavenlastFriday,tookplaceyesterdayafternoon,frontthelateresidence of the deceased, No. 80 North Moore street.About half past twelve o'clock the remains were con-veyed to the Governor's Boom, at the City Hall, whereSalem Scudder, and Mr. E. F. Taylor, Wah-no-tee. The WinterGardencopyhasbeenpurchasedbythemanagers ofBarnum's.'Mo Pictorial Bible weharesesn will1Committees of mveetigation will he demanded upon for the present week to an historical pageant called Philadelphia8 10 8 1 8 179 87 9 28 9 4811 4 by the Bev. J. B Hagany, G. N. TTLEE, of Maine, to ME-10 56 LISSA M. PERBOTT. Northport, L .l. 1 1 1 0conxmxnB or isfsaissaisoa."For beautyi »all la parts! randtan* Inalllathe Merry Sports of Old England, In which there will bean exact representation of n steeple chase. The NlbloCircu*tobeyondalldoubtthefinestandthebestmanaged ofthis lamented gentleman, whose death occurredonB i r t h .LOHAIX—On Wednesday, Jan. 11, at Balham, near HolyScriplure*,"-!*.T.Observer,affair we have ever had in New York, and quite deserves the extended patronage I. receives at the hands of the publicSondon,thewifeofWilliamSchall,Esq.,ofNewYork, of a daughter. /"Thecheapestpublicationofthekindwhichha*yet*p- peared"—N. Y KrenlDg Poet" It to a model of ehaapn— aad excellence."-N. T. Tinea."This a an eitraordlnerr work; nearly every page a iliua- traled "-Chrtatton Advocate.Feb. 3, I860, aged 34 years, 7 months and eleven days."Agreat numberofpeople visitedtheGovernor's Boomtogetalastlookatthedeceased,whowasverypopular Ei•t'•^vcniie.amongst the survivors of the New York Volunteers and BETTS —In Brooklyn, E. D., on Saturday morning Feb.dence was adduced. The speeches of counsel were coatedtcsmei, Misses Helen and Lucille Western,com LifeGuard, theNewYorkVolunteer Association Incttl Beits,aged 24years.Bis conservative views on nil national question*, h a tariffdoctrine*anaoldUnewhigproclivities,will,theysay,se- cure Pennsylvania and New Jersey. The American party North will also accept him; that portion of the anti-Le- oompton ft tee refusing to follow Hooglae h i support of tbe Charterton nominee, will be marshalled: In tine by Adrain, Fwney and others, To *ecu/e the inliitenoe of theBlair pai ly. youug Biair will b? offered the Vice Presideu cy. This movement is dangeroua to Sc%ard's prospects.made the opening argument. He denounced as a Tine ;-i ces will be performed, and the sisters will be The Sj-fiiti-f will not announce committee* beforeThurs falsehood and libel that assertion of John Brown supported by several popular artists.<?sySheimao w.il !* Chairman of the OommiUee of Ways classes at Harper's Ferry. He claimed thatdiet or Guilty. CHAKLUBTOWN.Va,Feb 4,1800.a .neo'clock, attheresidenceofhismother,NJ29217bepublicationoftbecheapestBibletotheworldhascom- menced."—ScientificAmerican.The trial of Stephens was concluded to-day No new evi- A' the New Bowery theatre, the very pretty and clever"Tbe moat desirable Illustrated Bible ever iasued for funfly others who served in the late Mexican war. The Scott 4, a/tor a brief illness, MARY FRANCES, wife of Thomas E. use."—Independentmostly of a political character, discussing the present po sition of the questions between the North and South.The commonwealth made a proposition to submit thecase without argument, but the counsel for the defencemence an engagement this evening, playing in the "Three Fdst Men," which has the merit of popularity, if none oth •<.At the Broadway Boudoir, 444 Broadway, the performzens dress, and several members of the Fire Depart ment, were In attendance. About two o'clock the remains were re-conveyed to the hearse, and the procession having formed in front of the City Hall, the Scott Life Guard acting as an escort, marched up Broadway to Grand street, and through tbe latter to the Williamsburg ferry. The deceased w as thence conveyed to Calvary Cemetery, where he was interred with the solemn services for the dead prescribed by the Catholic church.Naw Cor.vrtRFitnw.—On Saturday evening new counter-The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully Invited to attend her funeral this (Monday) afternoon, from her late residence, No. 109 Fifth street, at 2 o'clock, with- out further notice.BROCKETT—On Saturday morning, Feb. 4, Mr HIRAM BROCKBTT, In the 37th year of hi* age. -Wilmington and Goldsbrae, N. C , papers please copy.Cisco.—On Saturday evening, Feb. 4, after a short and severe illness, Mrs. SOPHIA, widow of the late Jacob Cisco, aged 70 years and 16 days.wished to be heard for his client Mr. Harding ancce of the Webb sisters will be resumed this* evening.that be was to receive aid from the laboringand Mean* end Lender of the House. An absurd atory a they were true to the constitution and the State, andre- duced. "Jack Sheppard on Horseback" will also be perferred to their action in putting down the Invasion. H e concluded with an earnest appeal to the Jury to vindicate the law, and charged that the prisoner was a bloodthirsty villaai and wretch, and worse than Brown.Mr. Sunnott, for the defence, made an able and eloquenttormed.The colored opera at Christy s and Bryant's offer plenty01 ti* d things in their programmes for the week. Among the rest, the Bryants give "W ay dowa Souf la Dixie,'' aud Christy 'L a Marseillaise,' after Rachel.A be Theatre Francato, the novelty of the week was theproductionofaveryexceltertdrama,"MarieJeauie," which was acted twice to very good houses. Two newtheBtaiea, 171 Broadway, eornor of CasiiiloisauM*S T B B JOHNSON O A 8 BURNER A N D REGULATORcombined, which cost* only $1. I* guaranteed to improvethe light, *nd at the same time wUl curtail thetigbt, and at the name time will curtail the enormooi KMbill*, we adrtie consumer* to tnreatigata the certainty of thta at bah* past six, at the residence or her parents, No. 267 'important improvement, at the oftVe of the Company. No 591 iwcadway, A Y. Alao, proprietor* of (Jengembre'a Pataat non Freezing and nou Evaporating Ga* Meter Fluid. Meier*filledtoorder.The funeral will take place on Tuesday afternoon, be- A CABD.tweenoneandtwoo'clock,at hislate residence,No.67 Krw TORT,Feb.1,1866.the Speak- rship. but evsn in that event I ant asthorito- He replied to the arguments of the defence with telling BOSTON—The dramatic season at the Boston theatretivelyin'owe1bewouldnothaveacceptedit,considering effect. HehadnoconfidenceintheUnionmeetings BeId commencesthisevening,withageodcompany,whichin-Californiar.8 were induced on Saturday to put up at the notoriouspublichouseofJohnE.Enright,inCedarstreetThe Callfornmos, finding it was not the place to which theyrelatives of tbe family are respectfully invited to attend. 489 Broadway, eorner of Broome etreet. DALY.—In Brooklyn, onSunday, Feb. 6, ROBERT AIXEX, Ihe uuder*tBo*d hereby give* notioe, teat having roeetveSsonofJamesM.andFrancesW.Daly,aged3yearsand6 instruction*(inordertoteconunodatethosenothavingthefuB anotint) to mortgige the celebrated Euieka hewing Machine*,Ttrrttoru; i HATS,upon which he a thoroughly posted, more In the North. The invasion had been a benefit to theimport*..;cludes Mrs. John Wood, Mr. Jefferson, Mr. A. H Davm-months.ever offered, are particularly Invited to do so a once, aa tan of John L. Dyke, aged 32 years, 10 months and 19 days. sune will only be continued until the Uto of present monthSMith, as it bad shown them the position in which theyMr. Cor* m from his pest position Is, by general consent, were placed. He referred to Mr. Hickman's boasting of two week • < nly Mr. and Mrs. Barney Wilhams are demanded their baggage, which was refused. The policeport and Mr. H rearson. These artists are engaged for awardedlit-1UairmanahipoftheCommittee!onforeigntheeighteenmillionofNorthernmen,anddeclaredthe playingtocrowdedbousesattheHowardAthe- werethencalledinandEnrigbtwascompelledtodisDYKE.—In Brooklyn, on Saturday, Feb. 4, SARAH, wifeAtatr*. an" repot i says that Speaker Pennington will as ngo him ti *t r-ositioo, Mr. Burlingame, who by courtesy iienthlt •? tu it. having intimated to the Speaker that such as trtangt :utnt woaM be gratliytog to him.South were prepared for any emergency. naeum. Miss J. M. Davenport commences an enrage The ease was submitted to the jury at four o'clock. meet tonight at the Museum. "The Octoroon,"gorge.TICKETSWUEOUKG.—John Ross was arrested on Satur-The friends and acquaintances of the family are invited to attend the funeral, from her late residence, 269 Bridge street, this (Monday) afternoon, a t two o'clock.D. J. LEVY, Superintendent,T %A 80- DOUBLE SOLE WATERPROOF 8TWBB A Boot*, at JONES', 10 aad IS Ann •treat; alao at Kealf dree*Boot*. N.B—Calland tee too*.aif* IISBIN r of contested seats to be settled—leaves the BUM to#r. Witoso of Indiana, a man every w a y qualified hruhpostplaced the paper and letter in a conspicuous place in theMsyor Wood and n large delegation are here, and start green room of the theatre. Other gentlemen are taking Regicuskle, who, it will be remembered, were arrestedBr. anskia, of Mew York, will probably be Chairman af me Committee on Post Omasa and Post Road*.Mr. Colfax at the head of Indian affairs.Carter, of New York, or Waahbnrne, of Illinoa, st the head of the Committee on Commerce.Featoa, Chairman of Committee on Invalid Pensions. Dawes, of Massachusetts, Chairman of eomnittoe onrtevotottooary Clai ms.CaotB, Chairman o f Committee on Military Affaire.. Mr Adraw will probably retain ua place at the head of the Committee on Engraving.Tsppnn, of New Hampshire, a the only republican elect ei to this Congress who has served on ttw Judiciary Com- mittee is the last Congresa, and thorefore MM chairman •hipbycourtesya doetohim;butthehonorsseemtobe divided between him and Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.E Joy Morris will be Chairman of the Committee on the Datrict of Columbia.Morse, of Maryland, of Committee on Naval Affairs. Pettit, of Indiana, of Committee on library.FOBSST'S AiTODmucrrs.Mr. Forney proposes to give the majority of officesunder htm to republicans, the rest will be divided among ha friends H a election being considered a political ne- cessity ,and achieved as It was without exacting*from him asy pledge, he a more free than most of the other offi- cers elected.The cock mplated appointment, by Col. Forney, of Sher- man, of New York, to the place of Beading; Clerk, asteps to render Immediate relief to the unfortunate actor. ID anticipation of funds from Boston, Mr. Brougham, of this city, has been instructed to see that Mr. Browne's pecuniary Leoeaaities are at once attended to..,1 the Bowery theatre this evening, a new equestrian drsma, called "Vateha, the Stave Queen," will be pro-Tbe relatives and friends of the family are respectfally invited to attend her funeral from the residence of herson-to-morrow for Syracuse, to attend a Convention of the delegates to the Char.eston Convention, elected by Con- gressional districts, under the call of the Mozart Hal) or- ganisation.Southern Ocean Steamier Movement*.SAYAXXAH.Feb. 3 , 1860. demy was not an Immense success. Miss Jane Ooombe Lower Ponce Court, on the complaint of the OverlandThe etoemihtp Florida, Tybee, arrived at 8 BO this mort leg, and at her wharf at three o'clock this after-has been the star of the week at the Arch, and J. BMail Company, of 82 Broadway, who charge him with having, during the past seven months, embezzled various sums to the amount of $4,800, which, tt is alleged, be ef footed by means of false entries in the books of the ©stabnotice.Ft LLAM—On Saturday, Feb. 4, MICHAEL FCIXAM, aged68 years. •The relatives and friends are respectfully invited to at-tend the funeral, from h a late residence, 748 Washington stoeet, this (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock.doon.All well.DI8EA8E8 OF TBE LUNOS AND THROAT.-PKRSON8 whoareafflicted withthese«•»•»• arerecwectfullyin viled to call upon R W VONDERnMiTH, M l V w b o h**j beenvery*ucce**fulIncuring persona whohave Beenpro-BALTIHOK*.—The Cooper Opera Company have been lisbment The accused had been employed by the com singing at the Front street theatre. Miss Maggie Mitchell pany for nearly eishteen months, and enjoyed their ut-CHARLSSTTOX, Feb. 4,The steamship James Adger, Captain R. Adams, from Mew Y ork, arrived bore at three o'clock this (Saturday)morning.Markets.MOBILE, Feb. 4, I860. Cotton—Sales to-day 12,000 bales at 10>^c. a 10&c;market unsettled and excited.pork 317 50. Lard held at 1 0 X cBight exchange on New York for gold half per centpremium.Tata February Term off the Lew Courts.elha being the flrst Monday of the month, the Jurytrials of the various courts will be commenced. The ca-lendars seem to grow with the growth of the city, for allof them are unusually large; but, owing to the parsimo-ny of the Board of Supervisors in some things which areactually necessary, the calendars are not published Inbook form, as heretofore. Judge lngraham being en- Opera House, and "Martha" at the Orleans. Miss Agnes of the Melancholy Accidents in New York and Brooklyn- a native of Castlcblaney, county Monsghan, Ireland.hadabenefitattheHoQidaystreettheatreonFriday. Lorumixs.—Mrs. Julia Dean Hayne w a s playing heretost week.NBWORLBAXS—The following was the programme ofmostconfidence. HewasheldtoanswerthechargeIn $0,000 bail b y Justice Connolly.THI FAULT HEftlLD.public amusements for the evening of Sunday, Jan. 24:—Varieties Theatre--"Dot"—"Two Buzzards."St.CharlesTheatre—Benefit ofChan.Pope—"Macbeth" Execution of Stephens, the Wife Poison-"Madeline,theBelleofthe Faubourg." er—The Bt. Domingo Insurrection—Thesteadyat19){c|a 18*»c. Provisions unchanged. Mesa NewOperaHouse—"RitaL'Espagnol," drama In four Question of Women's Rights—Trouble the21styearofherage.OUT TO DAY. OUT TO DAY. OUT TO-DAY.CnrcnrsATi, Feb. 4,1860. Ftou' ur changed; so TO a 16 80 for superfine, whiskeyJONES.—In Williamsburg, on Friday evening, Feb. 8, MARIA ELIZABETH, eldest daughter of Daniel L. Jones, hiacts—"LeGamin de Paris." OrleansTheatre—"LazarelePatre,"dramainliveacts—"Maitre Patbelia," opera in o n e »ct—Divertissement, by thecorps d'ballet.Itailroad inSyracuse—Loca1Hews—Mar- ket Reports, Ac., efce.Tbe FAMILT HmtAiDof Wednesday next will give a foilthree o'clock, at her late residence, No.64 McKibbin street, between Ewcn and Leonard.KLELY—On Saturday, Feb. 4, of consumption, THOMAS KJKLY, a native of Groom, county Limerick, Ireland. aged 27 years.Limerick papers please copy.TTEY FOR WHISKERS.-MY ONGUENT WILL FORCE AA. than or mnatoche* to grow on the smoothest face wttato) six week* from thefirstusing It, and won't stain or injure lha akin. Prioegl; seat by mail pottage free any whereR. Q. QRAHAMT 109 Nassau «trset N. T.1MPORTANT TO TAILORS AMD OTHERS.1 The Graver A Baker Sawing Maeslne Company here rust introdaoed a new and superior Shuttle Maehtoa, large aun, high *peed. with latent InprorainonU. Price $M. for **A73 No. 496Broadway,NewTorn,andMo.UlFuhonsheet, Brooklyn.PHILADELPHIA CLUB, ST . OEOEGE, LONDON A N D Oxford Club Skate*, boy*' and ladie*' fine Engbah Skate*; alao American Skates, varkm* kind*, selling at rodneed prtoe*; alao boy*' »nd gentlemen'* Tool Cheat*, from $1 to to $ » F a r •ale at JOHN BILL'S tool Wore, 418 Broadway, eorner of Ca- nal •treat. N. B.—Skate* grooved, ground and repairedRC8BTON 8 PA6TILRS OR TROCHES.For all diseases of the Throat—BronehiUs, Hcaiuaaeas, Catarrhal Affection*, An For sale at RU6HTON"8, corner at Broadway, Barclay aad Canal atreeto.ROABTED ALIVE.BOASTED ALIVE. ROASTED ALTVE.BOASTED ALTVR BOASTED ALIVE.Amphitheatre and Museum—Engagement of Spaulding & Rogers' tw o combined Circus Companies—John E. Ba- con's performing elephants—Eldred's performing horse, ponies and mule—The Grand Aquaria and 100,000 other curiosities.account of the Execution of James Stephens, convicted of Poisoning his Wife; A report of the Lecture of Wendell Phillips on Tbussaint L'Ouverture, the John Brown of St. Domingo; The Speeches of Lu,cy Stone and Henry Ward Beecher on Women's Rights; Trouble among the Agents of the Underground Railroad—Suit for Libel; An accountThe friends and acquaintances of tbe family are respect- fully invited to attend tbe funeral, from h a tote residence, West Fortieth street, between Tenth and Eleventh avenues, on Tuesday afternoon, at two o'clock.Vsnnechi's Museum—The Ohio Mammoth Fat B o y -tw oElswortby and Mr. J. R. Anderson were at the St. Charles last •week. Miss E. had a benefit on the 28th.American Giantess—OverOld John Brown, * cPARossini's "Othello" has been brought out at the newDestruction of a Tenement House by Fire, and blowing upof a Hat Factory In Brooklyn, with heavy Loss of Life ineach instance; The Proceedings of Congress—Elec- ANNA C. W ., daughter ot John and Rachel Blanker, agedThe t»o men, Marston and Lucas, noininaasd by the have already been disposed of, and there are some twelverepubneat caucus yesterday for Doorkeeper and! Postmas- or fourteen trials for homicides of various grades yet to T h e S e e n * o f t h e L a t e C a t a s t r o p h e I n All the Local Mews of New York and Vicinity of impor- SKTTB, ballet dancer at German Volks Garden.TOCAM1DATE9FOBDOOBKBXFUnASPPOSTMJJSTSa. oftheSupremeCourtCircuit.Severalmurdercases MOBILE.—MrEdwinBoothhadabenefitattheMobiletheatre on the 28th.KLRNKKB —On Saturday, Feb. 4 , after a short illness,twelve Inches tbick for tw o stories, and tho third story eight inches. The heavy machinery was on the first floor, andthesecondandthirdstorieswereoccupiedbylight machinerysndmaterials.Theworkappearedtohavebeen well and substantially done.Delaware Lettorle*:—SDSSBZ Uouirrv—CLAM SO FBBBVABV 4, 1881sixth street, at one o'clock.MOOKB—At Lecompton, Kansas, on Friday. Jan. 27,haimaginationthatbecouldnotsleepafterhereturned,tailed what he bad seen, and said be could even thensee tbe unfortunate beings writhing tn their agonies. He went offtothefactory,andwithinhalfanhourafterwardsin- formation was brought back that he was dead.Tbenameoftbemanwhose bolywasexhumed from the ruins was Michael Kulro, tnetoad of Patrick McCon- ueily. Hewasagasandsteampipelitter,intheemploy ofJ.OMorsekCo.,76Johnstreet,NewYorkOneofthefiremenconnectedolththefactory,named Smith, reported as musing and supposed to be under the ruius,Ithassincebeenascertainedwastakenfromthe place In a wagon, with Andrew Orf. another of the in-shoes imperviousto water without inj(try. Everybody should in. For sale avery waneA. BBOWBB A CO.,No. 4 Bead*street.B r o o h l y n — W i l l i a m s o n G a l l e r y o f P h o - tosxsnbs,CameotypesandDaguerreotype^sstFultonstreetMew Card.—a* Photograph Likenesses for$1.Twelretokenatones,tnvariouspostures,atbaroaeea mad* by to a few BBQBSBS oa h a Mhatostopt aadMkwcmririver*,ann for f>ar mat BBBSnSBE people will be takeninbra,Iwill*endaetrentorBhwraahsjUtoany*sanwwha In by B, I will aenwflTsand Ms nahnsa, X10U8,StLouh,Mo.READT TO-DAY AT TWELTE OCLOCE. ILL BE READY TO-DAYATTWELVEO'CLOCK. READTTO-DAYATTWELVEO'CLOCK. READY TO-DAY ATTWELTEO'CLOCK. BE BBADT TO-DAT A T TWELVE O'CLOCE. WDX BB BEADY TO-DAT AT TWELVE O'CLOCK. -~TTO-DATATTWELVEOHLOCK.•T TO-DAY A T TWELVE O CLOCK.itHsiileBfflHH* nr Hiram and Ann Roberts, at,eu •>je»TM, Aumuui u u HOM. BDWABD BVERBTT has an a*ehts lajtef •**••17T^rriends and rentives of the family are respectfully LEDGER. Gen GEO. P . MORRIS ha* a Pf^fiJJj, (5Herrlng'aPatentChamptoi raae money alone, and even should be da anything, It jured. Orf was conveyed to but residence on the corner and burglar proof Safes. $61 Broadway, <The expedition Is genemlly suspected to be a r a n towUl amount to nothing more than to come down as far as of Court and Atlantic streets. Smith was token elseParbtoandJalapstostrengthenbtofbreeaatthoseplaces. where,butwhereisnotnow known. Thedriverofthe wagon a requested to call at the cilice ef the Deputy Suta ^a»._On BEturdayjnsb. M * f " « " . . ^ h f e WILL Roperation against Vera Crus, and he may then attempt to buy over the defenders of the " heroic city."BateABoanttfmlComplexion—Laiweek's LEDGER Mrs RIOOUENEYi hj* •.J2S*bumthat the present quarters of Mr. Smith m ay be aseerAtlastaccountshewastoleaveMexicoonoraboutthe»tb last., .nrt 00 If he come at all, be may be looked for somehawinMarch. Ofcourseallsortsofabsurdrumors B^oE^aT UBBB^BV dnsVaT^Invited^attend tbe funeral, tha (Monday) afternoon, - i^ehM*^^Bvooklyn.onSaKymorntog.Feb., •vsarr, oaly son ei Rev. N. B. aud Beanor Y. D.agedTyears,1monthand22days. Funeraltna(Monday)afternoon,atthreeo'clock,..theReformedDutchchurch,Barrisonstreet,nearCourt Thefriendsofthefamilyareinritodtoattend.TvLOR-On Saturday, Feb. 4, RxsAJto TTLOE, In the 69thyearofhaage.Tbe friends ana acquaintances of the ramily are re- questedtoattendJitofuneral,frombalaterestdenoe,No. 80 South Second street, wninamsburg, tha (Monday)'• LEDGER. MAEY to^'wtk'.^—"•hfthto week'* LE story to uBh^weahto"***£}»%B8TUAnTCoorrorOTEBA»D'hundredWax Figures-One of the United States boiler inspectors. Mr. Weeks,was among the number present, He examined the qua-lity of iron in the boilers, and expressed himself well sa-tirflf (1 that It was of good quality. Upon examining tbe Co.'* Con*olld*ted Lotteries of Oeorrla.wounded at the City Hospital, John Call*TM "FRRNte, af&h&Leoter-0 83Presbyterian church, by the Bev. Wm. S. Karr, CHARLES h.m. W.Bsn>toAMELIAE.ROGER*,allofBrooklyn.10 69 Chicago and Nantucket papers please copy.The frieoda and relatives of the family, also those of his brothers, William and Joseph, are particularly requested to attend the funeral, trom the residence of hit father, No. 177 East Twentysixth street, this (Monday) after- noon, at one o'clock precisely. The remains will be taken to Calvary Cemetery for Interment.The friends of the family are respectfully Invited to Among take Agents of the Underground attend the funeral service, this (Monday) afternoon, atEL NOTICIOSO DE NUEY A TORE. L NOTICIOSO D E MUEVA YORK. EL NOTICIOSO DE MUBYA TORE.8EMI MONTHLY STEAMER EDITION. SEMI-MONTHLY 8TEAMER EDITION. BfcMI MONTHLY STEAMER EDITION.tion of a Speaker, Clerk and Sergeant at Arms; 3 years and 26 uays.IJOCTSETTB.—On Sunday, Feb. 6, Miss JOSEPHINE Lon-DrawingsofFrance,Broadbents dfcCo.'s attheGreenwoodstation,BrooklynCityRailroad,Thirty-12,10, 66,11, 8,43,67, 59,67,30,16,68, 22, 36. FBAKOE. BROADBENTS A CO.,New Jersey papers please copy.MCI.NNESS —On Sunday, Feb. 6, ALLEN MCINNRR*, aged 40 years, 1 month and 6 days.Ha friends and the membersof Washington Tent,No. 1, alto the friends of William Leslie and the members of Cataract Engine Company, No. 26, are respectfully invitedHOLMK'8galtory,316Broadway.re—wa.of Murray Macnines.utrrKu*sonranSocmPACBKSOXADBOM.—Aletter andretail,andthemorningattono'clocktoStrhtersadrani'sChurch, iorbag will be despatched from the rooms ef the Naval Library and Institute, utsquadron, Bruth Facile, eaten and packages seat to the4—ilUP. « W , **ftf. BJU,VFI» w*i». 341,4«S, 471,481, 606, 327,601,481,481,607,246, 441, 611,4a*. Part In m l. 82,406, 430, 362,400, 279 460,-OnWednesday,Feb.2,after a JOSHTATStBRRTY, in tbe 63d year of ha age.aarer*1 0 0Untitled DocumentB Ij^rJIano^CesJeotBtoeryr B*g»afa*naw*ww"aud can be obtained at ont half the price.areeepableo'doles;morework,andofearnln* aaoraemaer.the^LutheranCemeteryforinterment.w « » E h — / 1 h e r r e s i d e n c e , n e a r T a l l a h a s s e e , F l o r i d &,?n^eeday,Jan.24, MAETDowrsju,wife ofGeorgeK. Walker, Esq.,and daughter of the late John Carnochan,of Gadsden county, Florida.W " 7 A £ ' - 0 B 8>tar,1»F» reb. 4, ef eiwaniswusn, Wn> UAMN.WawAix,aged88 years. <PThe friends and relatives of the ramily, also rbe mem- bers of Metropolitan Lodge, No. 33,1. O. of O. F , are to- vned to attend the funeral, from the residence of bis bro-Tt aseee of Kvery Desrr1ptlorn for PiBrooklyn, without further invitation. miTHJ1CASSELL'8 ILLCBTBATEp FAMTLT BIBL1.May h a soul8 88 7 0 84 11 0 TYUER—PERROTT In Brooklyn, W ednesday, Feb. 1, Knickerbocker Magazine.ProvidenceFUNERAL o t Lrstrr. THOMAS J. ROGERS.—The obsequieseeU>d, if indeed equalJe -N. T. Bun "We hope tha Bible will find a' For it* eitreme cheapnea* and the extraordinary beauty at this evening. Mrs. J. J. Prior will play 7oe, Mr. Grace, ing the following inscription :—"Thomas J. Rogers, died en son of the late David F . Arnot, aged 6 years and 8 cred Book can be found."—N. T. TrtBune."The Octoroon" is to brought out at Barnum's Museumthey were expose* to the public gaze, in a neat rosewoodcoffin,onwhichwasabeautiiulcruciformplatecontain- AmroT—OnSundaythe6thinst,ROBERTHEHRT,young- itaount]e.*»lilu*tr*ttoo*,nomorevaluableeditionoftheHa-•WeoanrecommendEforUSarttottcandlacopiou*Illustra- tion* "-N. Y. Ledger."I** peculiar feature* should commend It to the favor of all who witb to BOBBeo* aa elegant Family Bible."—Oentury."Tbe beamy of C*a*ell'* Illustrated nlble andtta nonfiling, cheapness ihouid reaerre 11 a place In many thousand* of faniliesin our country."—Eclectic Magazine.Sent free by mail forfifteenone cent poa'.tce I'ampa CAbBELU PETTEK A OALPI.N.Park BaUdlng. 37 Park Bow N T . Dealer* •uppHed by ROSS A TOUSEY and H. DBXTKRA CO.Hij&vmiAAAjimovn,feits en the Merchants' Bank of Providence, R. 1 , Bankof the State of New York and Farmers' and Manufactu- in law, Mr. George Feitner, No. 184 West Forty second A l U. 8. PA8BPOBTR TR9TJBD THROUGH EDWABarstreet, tha (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock. Her re BlfcEElL. Notary Public, Cnmmtoatoner of Deeds of ehwished to go, the hack man being a confederate of Eoright,day, charged with defrauding Anthony Faust and fiveThey then retired, and after fifteen minutes' absence,re- with the New Bowtry company, is the attraction companions, all of Indiana, out of $210, by selling them The friends and relatives of the family are respectfully A STOCK OF SEVERAL MILLIONS OF BEG ABU.turned with a verdict of Guilty of all the counts. at the National. Mrs. Fanny Kemble has com- steerage instead of second cabin tickets. The complain requested to attend the the funeral, without further invi New York. O. CHEEKS, 17 r M|,Wv;M-uine.ifMaine,decliningtoacoeptthechair- Theprisonerreceivedtheverdictwithmostperfectin mencedsseriesofShakspereanreadings. Theillness antsareabouttogotoCalifornia,andwerewendingtheir lation,fromtbeparent'sresidence,126Cherrystreet,this'• —IBIS of tke Committee en Elections—a highly impor-difference, and smiled at the announcement.Kfomart Hall Convention at Swracmse. ALBA-NT, Feb. S, 1860.and destitution of Mr. J. S. Browne, the actor, has way to the regular eilice of the company to obtain tickets.awakenedmuchsympathyinBoston. Mr.Davenport,of whentheyweremetbyRoss,whoinducedthemtoenter hi- • ffice, where h e swindled them a s above described.the Howard Athenseum, after heading a subscription, JusticeConnolly lockedhimupforexamination.(Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock.BATES.—On Saturday afternoon, Feb. 4, STEPHEN BATES,in the 67th year of his age.Hte friends are respectfully invited to attend the fune-ral, this (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock, from his late residence, No. 63 Carmine street, without further invita- tion. 'FIELDIM; —On Sunday, Feb. 6, after a long :l!nesss, Wan AMJ , eldest son of William and tbe late Isabella Fielding, aged 17 years, 1 month and 9 days.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral on Tuesday afternoon, at two o'clock, from ha late residence, Fourth avenue, nearwar.AT McLEES' WEDDING CARD DEPOT. OH BROAD, way—Etogant Carde. finhoawj. Ac; moderate prices.B 1I L L I A R D S - B A S S F O R D ' S B O O M S , C O R N E R C O U R T and Bemaen itreeta, Brooklyn, 1*9 Pulton and No. 8 Anastreet*. N.Y . Table*,Beta*or playing. Mesara. Upaoomb, (Pae- lan'achallenger); Ban. Thompson praeuees dally. The males for new suit Feb. ISCOMMISSIONER OF DEEDS OF ALL THE 8TA1 duly appointed to tokiTestimony, A*. EDWARD B l Lawyer, BJ1 way, eorner of Chamber* streetts**eoawntu*•thisCoagrssa,onaccountoftheunusually !IIOSORABLT DISCHARGED—Julius W erner andJohannasome time last week on a charge of attempting to nego- tiate stolen beads, were honorably discharged by Justice Connolly, their innocence having been made manifest.EMBEzztsxEB-r BT A BOOKRKBFBK —Homer B. Hawkins, a man about thirty five years of a g e , residing to Brook-PmxADBxraiA.—The Darcy (French) Opera at<the Aca- lyn, was arrested onSaturday by officer Barrow, of the Twenty first street, South Brooklyn, -without further flOBNS, B0NIONR, INVERTED NAILS, RBTLARGIRoberto at the Walnut. been greatly sucoesstul.The Drayton parlor operas havemains will be taken to Greenwood for interment CoiBTBK.—On Sunday, Feb. 6, LAIIU MATILDA, daughter of Jamea M. and Marietta Courier, aged 4 years, 2 monthsAand 28 days.Funeral services will take place this (Monday) evening.DOWTIM).—On Sunday, Feb..6, WILLIAM DOWUXG, son of Jeremiah Dowling, aged 2 years and 5 months.\J jomu aad all due*— of the feet euro* withont paie or inconvenience to the pattont, Jb* Dr. EAOHARIE, Surgeon Cblropodtot, 780 IVoadway. Setor* to ptyafcaaas aod *uris and Ann Heagerty. Lung* and Threat only, l&g Bowery.KELLY.—On Saturday, Feb. 4 , a t twelveconsumption. THOMAS KELLY, in tbe 60th year of his age,o'clockM , ofROASTED MISERABLE HOMES WHICH FOR TBE MI8ERABLE HOMES WHICHT U B MISERABLE HOMES WHICH TbE POOR OF MEWYORKTHE POOR OF NEW YORKOCCDPY WHEN LIVIMO,AKD HOW THEY ARE BURET TO DEATH ANDHOWTHEY AREBURNTTO DEATH AND HOW 1UEY ARE BURNT TO DEATH AND HOW THEY ABE BUBNT TO DEATH AND HOW THEY ABE BURNT TO DEATH AND BOW THEY ABB BURNT TO DEATH IN THEIR LIVING TOMBS,IN THEIR LIVING TOMBS,IN THEIB LIVING TOMBS,SBB TBSNEW YORK ILLUSTRATED NEWS.NEW YORK ILLUSTRATED MEWS. NEW YOBB ILLUSTRATED NEWSNEW YORK IU.BBTRATED NaWS. NEW YORE ILLUSTRATED NEWS. NEW YORK ILLUSTRATED NEWSBesuretoa*kfortheNEWYORKILLUSTRATEDNEWS, and aee that Frank Lealie* name to not on the paper you bur. Don't be humbugged with that old fogr paper, but get the. O'CONNOR—On Saturday morning, Feb. 4, AXDBEW SAUSAGE CA81NG8-BE8T ENGLISH.Col.ELYMOOBE,RegistrarofLandOliice,formerlyofthe RERCPRTwillb* towed ** *nu*7at noon loaay.E 2 1 T S S ~ L ^rriHE GREATEST HUMBUG EVER IMTEBTTBD-THE O'MELIA.—On Sunday mcrning, Feb. 6. MARY AGNES T advertaerha*dtoeovwedatrtoktoatthmsaaSsof (toUara^uV-teCarvnry^meterr-"" and from '"AT^*r2. wfll be ne*** thto Say witha aCIVPBU). R srEiNFEiBcJe agan*tfac**ri Cognac { & « * ._POPULAR ADVERTISING MEDIUM. POPULAR ADVERTISING MEDIUM. POPULAR ADVERTISING MEDIUM.Copies in wrappers for sale at the omee, I t Ann street1 wttkE' -American bomea"-Evangeiat." When complete will form am c magntuoent oopy of theparties desirous of embracing the present and ben opportun *rfrom $4 to $*0 per thousand. T h e greatest bargain* l a• awe* . t ^ , ^ a ,w n | % t ^ , i ,mmt> h»aa:^^»I!l^ * *~TM*> Msasaios^tashu,lata,SkatingPhiladelphia and Rochester paper* please Peab. 6,WoiAAM'"wa* OBKteJ nrtotor he rejpnahttsd310,268,820,412,416, betotwarded. 4*6.472,478.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comeopy. 