,of tiieir history, as their own aecouota cannot bebelieved, and no stranger has yet ventured very fir iiM thair country. It is mentioned byCen- T, the poet and scribe, whose fame has reachedposed InteiventiOB of the English, French and United States Governments in the affalis of our unfortunate neighbor ; one thing must be done, either we must do cometUnf or other nations will,—nothing else willWagTPom,Monday,June16,1880. There is a crowd of reasons why West Point should he a favorite resort ; and just bow those rea- sons have pecuUer force. During the annual exami-ABOther iBterceptef laetter.XBs rmiscB hoobaoaex aoais DuimuTia thkcan cont^k The Om-ai-bos-ses are drawn gatherinf.rAaSBD THBOCSH JIXalT—MOOBAOAKC ALLITDIS BUm.T TO THS BKIPTIOK OF TBt lltBASST Ilf SBIfl (HTT, BCT OIB001TB8BS MOBC AT LBHSIHdown ip the *treet and rest.The Om-ni-bus-ses This party banner will be the largest evw raised intills vicinity, and it wu: float n the moat oons.<l(maas "poi<iti£ai. aefairs.whaa a black cloud overliangs the Heavens, our aoola are heavy with fear until the thunder bursts and the storm comes down it is easier to bear a;deslltutlon. After capiuilng Topic he was ioteodlng SLd the unrivaled la clad In all the landscapebut even the great heart Lf Simmx-Buzen was once nigh untoren impetus will be to givenkirds. ptBCii of our most ingenious artist, and Mooha- on theBlEZ wHl-not attempt llie taik. By a wise pro- vision of the law tno^u ^jermi'ted to ride in the pioceeaion de>igi.ed for our honor were obliged to wear gloves of sii intensely jellow color, that tUey caight not be roist<iSen for respectable citizens, and a large body of Po lice-men surrounded their car- riages to keep them from commitliug acis ol vio-lence. In matteis of precaution this people are oisO!To see the soldiers who defend the honor ef Co- lombia, oh, Son of Fbux, would cause thy two sWDida to rattle with joy. It was a maxisi be- queathed to hi;, successors by an illustrious Kami of this people, that in time of peace tuey should prepare for war, and for this reason the soldiers are daily practiced ia the ati of walking well and fast. This is probably done that in battle they may beabletooutruntheenemy. Toaccustomthemto the smeil ot powder, cannon are otten tired in the Vatk, and that they may not be afraid of cav- alry, their officers 'are mounted upon fierce omnibus hor&es and made to ride them before thdr eyes. The Seventh Begiment is heid in much esteem because it once marched to Wasti- ington in a rain storm without umbrellas. It ii thaught that men who can sand water can atsj staad 6k. The other regim'rnts wiU soon be put to the same Wnt by imiuense engines wnich havelately bceii provid- d for 'he pUi-(iD3e. WAMniN-j- TOS, the discoveitt vT Amcica, was a great sol- dier, ano 2 motiu i..-„- ia b^iag erected to liid mem- ot)' ; It wiU uu'. vk: cMiileltU uudi his uanic is furgotlrn, aud here tii's ecuiiumical people dij- play '.heir accnht.i:.(u wisdom, lor until then it wiUn'it be uceivt;. The Seveuth Regiment U a iiue l<o<ly <•! inti , aud luoir leg.i are Ion; ; but it is the piHate opiuibu i.t Mochauask luat the; could nm K"t aw,;y i om the lieid of battle anysooner than the giia'ds of our f>co m.The proces^ioij in honor of our Embassy is said by the Hera'l lo h:t.e been an "imporing aOfair :" this is prcUab!} ';i'p fjrtvai it not iraposed upon USf Butii w.i»notveryueijtiful,furitconsisted chiefly of oiunibi:., ho.-s'^b apd Al-dcr-mcn. Tne Al-de."-mer vverc pl:;.;e(';u [(to;i.'D:nt positions that fathers might point Item out to ih- .! children, and thus warn theii what bad boys arc acre to. coaie to. The Treaty-box was placud u^an a high wagoo, tfca' it mitb'. not be in dinjer of being pHoponbytheAI.Jer-majL Thesliop-windiws in all the streets were ornamented with '.vcmen and babies, lor in tliie country nothing is couild- eredcumiileier.Uboutthepresenceofwomen, I: it said or tbem that ihey are first in war, first in peacr, fno' i.i the hearts of their couatrvmen, andlearn, however, la'"ge snl-.pments a-r-e I -brbt .vf:\'.\u ,.iM,..j ^jj„ aacknisn might bean-i that the publics^jjLt of Princes, ourWo haveUntitled Document:ve:;up«„j, ^^..?,,u^,i^.^y ^^.^^ bii-ioioU by ilie'rv'!,mit'^t"?th*'Icreu to IcJil Pini liis wMie hu j:,i; ^i; ^ '• '.hot the boiil of o'lr Kaici could no;disgrace in public. So Boolk told hlia t^ and bear it like a high old Jap.."r'.-iJJAfter our ("jatures were fii.-nillat to the ayesBf the people we were taken to thetan Hotel, which was huug with flags for our accoDunodation. The ladies at ths hotel made Btacli love to Little Tomut, wljch much puzzled aWtiutbe ia not old enough to marry, and, as thou kavwMt, his hean is iu Jeddo. We have since leinni, bowerar, that the Siamese Twiiis are 4aad/ We wate more furpriied that they made lova to ToKXT, as there are many servants em- pliqred in the hotel almost as dark In complexion, to Whom the women paid no attention. But hers, aa in Niphon, woman is a singular creature, •ai Csaiiul to contemplate. There is ao account-bt&Ttaates.At the rtqnaet of the Conuaittee of Beception abtta body of citizena stationed themselves undar <">rwindows,andhavenotyetdeparted. When i^ head-waiter of the hotel puta his head oat of; w»*ladow be is saluted as Snaa-Bczm, whom ""••'i, he much reitmblee, except that his hair is •ore cHtly, nor is he allowed to wear two #woraa.observed thai tie people tide ia am-;bosinecs,Metropoli-At^.»^ veysncea called Offl-nM>us-ie(. Th^ ate ve«y eating of the Cblcsgo aoaiaatlona. Elo^uaat jl^«tib^aranrfbln(1s ezotuded wUdk «atild«U' Breakers from Boston and of thti cK? will addieis the fberelMoos feellKg ; while tie teehatcd msd •<'THB JA.PAaK8E.BFon>DT, jum Bijoiois ur hatiho sacklt they are tired, it Is customary to allow them to he with the names oi Liscoia and Hakuii attaehel. Ike Imaglnsaon haa ooaoelvad.lerge, and will hold any number of people that Twoffiacaftil drawing, eSKtlTamilkanBent or ll(U%a< moiislii>«B pag-etaffs bava besa shade, and skiuinl ^iMiaatlaa A eelora, show i««ttheyerected on either aide of Weybasset Bildga, and to-the aitlai's band baa D4t loll Iu aa* m eoaalag,ips than his Imagtaaliai I'sTfce, ia all tha veaia durtng asanMBvisor his sovlto hisjbddocoise- to their mouihsi and held by the driver. When mnlb campaign flag, the trae bind', white and rrd, which tba band has jefi^iaed to emhodr thrt wolehby horses, keptontkeir feet by longlines attache^night tbers wlU be Guspendadbetiveea thema maa-and can onlroea very ingenious contrivance. Tnis thoronghfare of the What Cheei" City. The nom-with Hs provlslois. ItceemsthattheLiberallitshavealmoittheeatiraFrogresa or the Ezamlaatton—Aprearance or theJPIaca—GenerallBteUlceace>nation, wMeh is not yet over. Rot's hotel is filled to to BfiphoD, and whose veiaes are aung in ever put a stop to the civil wars that are destroying overflowing. The parades and drills are attendediJeddo, aa*' That aadlacovaied coontty from whose bourne He traveler returns."thecountry. Aletterfromadistinguishedresilientof Sonora says : " We require now absolutely some by throngs of people from all parts of the country. intervention in the affairs upon a liberal and just The examinations themselves now and then attract a:But it ware ungrateful to speak disparagingly of a basis. It could but produce beneficial results ;.ln fact ouilous visitor ; and the drives, and walks and sailslaad through which we had safe conduct. Asp^floeophets, wa should recognize the fact tliatpeople differ with climes, and that l)arhansm istheeooditionofuncultivatedman; aaworsliipersef the merdiul Amida, we shduld remember thatthe JetBeymen are our fellow creatnrea, and thatSi* not wen to condemn where we should pity.£d the fullness of time it is not improbable that theI"*""**"**ofJerseymaydevelopacivilizationcqpal to the people of Niphon. Let us be char- and foolhardy act.itablet ItappearsthattheJuarezGovernmenthasmade renderthespotoppressiveivuncomfortable,havenotOh, ICOOHSKI, we have met the Common-Coun- seiloDs complaints against Col. Rojab, wbo com- yet begun to obscure the prospect nor the pleasures dlnnen, and they are ours I Thou knoweat that manded at Tepic. It is said he has been reduced to prssented here ; the air is still cool, though balmy,tis the only means of oonclodlng this disastrous civil among the ezqnlalte scenery of tiiis neighborhoodwar, which stiU continues with the same decided and seem to be entirely appreciated. In no inonth of the earnest action on both sides as when commeaesd."Colema is In the nands of the Liberals, as in Topic year does this charming spot so fally display Its and Guadalajara. In these places much feellnglhas- charms as in June ; the freshness of the verdure tkat exlstedagalnstthe Juarez Government and Ids He. clothes the bold hill-tops all arooad, and its luxuriant Lane treaty, and there was a natural tendency infavor of MiaAHOH ; It has greatly subsided sines the useless bombardment of Vera Cruz by MiaAaoa ; sines tkes much of bisprettigt has been lost by this foolishoften boast of, freshness and fullness at once, andyouthtogether. Tiiemistsandhazesofthalater Summer, the sultry heats that in July and Augustglow tomarchonSanBias,wheremanyfamiiieahad thatSummeronlygives;andyetIstintedwiththever. taken refuge, and It was feared be would have com- nalbnes'ihat fade so soon Into a withered undermiued all manner of excesset. ThtEnglitlilandeda tbe Ose dog-day sky.aspectalltheb»tUTy at San Bias, and were prepured to land 31)0 men. of a stroll along Flirtation W-a'k, or even clamber pends. Thus the dread ot a meeting wliich we Tbis looks to us bere as thoujjk there was sonetolng near m'd-day up to tbe revolutionary height of Fort knew to be inevitable, had shadowed our hearts in the Intervention of the three Powers, and that at Put—maiF ramble among the casemates, and look with gloom ; but the cloud has burst, and though least tne £ngliab were determined hostiliiles soonid down at the lazy sloops that seem to waste the hand of Niu-Bai has follen heaviiy upon us, stop. the day In Idly tacking from shore to shore. We, wbo have suffered from Apache depredations, One may. If he be particniarly and Indefati-Mow than to suffer the suspense when one im-delightsooraoDls are relieved of donbt. It will tksa to know that we met our f»te with thegratifydignity our protection. With sixteen hundred trosps here, -a Cro' Nrs>, and gaze on an expanse of Highlandare rejoiced that at last troops are on thair wajr forgably aspiring, mount to the very summit of Old Urgs Ecenf ry that, for mingled beauty and wlldness, is, on;Kami to be slapped upon the back and called a Gov. PtsQUUSA intends to stop exportation. I hardly You may drive away beyond Cozzens* to the lower "high old Jap" by an unshaven Al-der-man, yet think; however, that he will be gtillty of such an out- extremity of this plctureEque region, to where the he ben the indignity, and drank Jersey cider tram rage on his p'.op^e, as they have no oUier market bat broad Baverstraw Bay compresses Itself into thebecoming princes and philsophersand a demand made lor all the surpllet that caa be raisedthis continent, Incomoarablebreaking. It was not pleasant for tiiat illustrious either m this Teiritory or Sonora. It is said that shall not yet prove the pleasure too dearly bought.thehandsofhiaenemy. Todelineatethefeatures of a Com-mon-Cuun-cil-man would puzzle thethis.The coun'ry is almost bare of me-chandlse of allIInarrow gorge that here hems In the Hudson, or sail l>'l>urely along the waters, glancing by turns at the D'niJerierg and Anthony's Nose, landing at the ro-^„u^ ^.j^, j, jhat add a beautv of their o-n u. tneWe that ——^ that we snaU so.on be way.andisss.. , ,,Tne-Jsupplied.leafiness, combine two charms that beautr cannotmay yet enjoyand the sweltering lieatmaturity^^^^^^^^E^^P^MiB^wsm^ • '' ' MOOiUe/LKX TO MOOtrSKt.this the driver knows that some one ms former prefeiencss, but. now sympatnlsesMDHtRO KnUfTBAI BZOONOII'XP TO AMCftlOASatoppedbyconsisti of a leather strapinations of Mr. Lnooui and Ur.more and more popular here ia Khoda Island as theOOtTLT OOmtTlCglBS—MOOBAOAKB ISattached to the driver s wishes to slight he puUs a eroaU hole made for the pur-Hamui ara beeomtag'SOB or Fbdm : Bat few moo—ns bare budded — —" —" 'pose; bywishes to get out, and stops his ommbus when hedeeidy In the anUaipattons of soeoess wfelehthe nomination ol Asa Lnona creates" : aadflblMtiiilii«"[«— xheto a soft muddy place-this he does that the Coosei > ative" sentiment, wnat pratends to the may alight without hurting his be coKserva'tlve, are Inollnad to go in for the passenger Republican ticket. The dltsaarioss la the feet, Wa have no Om-ni-bus-ses m Niphan. Damooracy at Balthnote and tlie laharaMay which The people below ara calUng for a"Jap" haveehuaetsrizadtheirgatharing,withtha ''devel-ilnrr rpMaldayi which iiiM'tiuUinwupicioai event haveilcomes'lit may be sale anoogh to say) in tha woatavar State,are drawn at fearful speed,when a passengerarmthb driver, throughsulrit of contest arises. There Is not aRepublican;«|^JKfa< fctNB tbt guUnd of Time, might all bebonadin•fragnntdeafby»maiden'*giidle,fiirthrir mmber ia acaiea meie than the daji of p«a- and will assault the hotel unleas an Ambas- opments" occasionally made, prove fatal to theircauserandwiu most assuredly scatter thetr ranks In aaee which the relicion ofBaddha enjoina upon iu sador puts hia head out Of the window at tha approachlac eonfllet of November. The Repnb-jftU—MB, tod yet Moobabam la older by yean, once, and it is now my tura. Trusting, oh ! Son llcans are fnaUng energati'e efforta-^tiwy aia pea-fky •OTant baa been from Jeddo to Jerseya land'Af nfinement to ita antipode* ; toodaeaa of Amida haa dettrerod him from thelundvot tfa«tlDciTilizcd.As tboo already knoweat, son of FBTTIC. thecooatn called Jer-aor i» not far diatant from thethe people greatly differ in Uldr manners and customs from the dtizena ofthat these few lines vrill find you in thennited 8tate»;yetIsto- to the tareatFelt la tljjs Heliaatf Tivaty—Caadl* scopnttrelstteadiRitesg,aatntda the hItbatkeepolaecleu,dewditwhttpnrizaesfeaturetisB af Affikira la Nartkera Stexica—Ba^- which Is one peculiar to New England, and where"it bss beruime an^muelng instltutiou." I refer tofrom and thepanag to ersot a qiadona Wigwam," putttaa up nags, dec., &a., and InanguratlBg some like exciting scenes of BABsisoa and Fuhobt Umes.The anniversary of Nattenal Independence will be generoosly celebratad In the towns of Rhode Island. In Ptovtuenoa the oratUm of the day will be delivered by the Right Rar. Bishop Cuu, whose elogneacs and forcible oratory In the pulpit have dis- tinguished Mm among New-Eaglaad divines. A:Fbck,It is known to thee that WASBUiaioir,a'maadarin famona ia history as the only one ofthli people that never told a lie,ia commonly etrrurtmUnet »/ Uu Mtu-Ttlc nmw.Oaialtriof enjoymentof good health, I remain Very faithfully yours,MoORAaiEZ AWASJI. VSOn AillZOMA.,liak lBleiTCBll«»-Caat af IjItIbc.of and Antiquescalled the Father of this copntry ; but thy soul TVBAO, A. T., Hoaday, Hay 28, 1600.jaafDot be fanilUar with the fact that his last wish This country is much interested in the passage, tutjon, I believe, first originated as an accninpanl- n^m that the paternity of New-Jersey might not be or rather the ratificatoo, of the MoLasi Treity. iDeni to the celebration of 4tQ Ju'y, m Charlest<iwa,Maps.- four or tvc years ago^ and baa since been an- IgifVted to tits memory. It is not my intention, O IUght:of way thiougB tie itito of Sooora will De the nually reprocuced. Oar city fatners have wisely ab-Kooaaai, to cast any reproach upon the people ;bflt k ia not aafe to call a stranger a Jer-sey-iaan.nuir aiognlar babita are attributed by thn ocribasmaking of tbu almost barren waste, only to be made stained from ru-Dlskli.g pyrote-huic ecebes, attend-m nsral woltli Is quite probable PKOcuaA,thepr»seating wbir-b so ipaii\ serious accidents aou'iallv occur. The monev expeaded in this wav mtgtit be more ad- vsntitgeoijslv employed in other fC'tturss of th-s glor- ious dsy, and as much to the gratUcatton of theralciibie when ItsIt Is liberal Governorto tfce food upon which they live. Their drink isaa acidnJent beverage known to the natives aa of SuDota, will oppose carrying tt out. Althoaghhe people, and to the common safety and comlort.Jiit-tle-Merk-clams. Thisissomedmesvariedwith ever, that the presence of 2,000 troops on thisEMYATWESTPOINT..developed.Is of or In tie Juarez Interest, he is much IncUaed to HIPPARCHITS.cider although the people of New.York call itchampagne ; while their diet consists chiefly of set up on his own account. I have no -doubt, how' THE UNITED STATES MILITABY ACAD-frontier will be an Inducement for Um to not Interferea dainty fiabed fiom the sea, known aa soit-aheU.cnbe. The.Jer-sev-men are very expert in fishingaMhcatchinghorses; it isafdog:nlar fact thatifaluHer is given to one of them, he will soon Pacific coast. Much anxiety Is expressed in Sonera CorresrxHtdmet of the New- York Time; inovidehimselfwithahorse. Verylittleisknown andSisaloaastothetrothortheextentofthepro-the borlesqiie andridlcoluusHnirlnles, paradli g hy torchlistat, and maklat nl<ht liideouB with blackened laces, faataaUc babtllmeuu, and hoots, screams aud demoniac ye)18. Tats Instl-coispany Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 