 i2coualry • l u life had beeu full of romantic *.lc*oture«,<-( a iiai lo call foitt oratorical fsrror on the stump.tromh««waeclioa With Beaton ha «eriv«4 some «M ,U was sawounded I f a mint of romance which <»ve bamcxirrmcpopularitywithlaolargeandiaflotntialclasses I'u'ootogetherwithbandsofsteel.e' New England politician*—the ladies and the clergy— Hon. N. B. Bryant proceeded to glorify Lincom aad and, m addition to all, he could, without any violent ten- Hamlin. He said they had a certain and easy trtnmph akin of conscience, be caUed a handsome ansa. So the before them; their triumph would prove a diswlutma, ao 0trd*r$* »VK »f" the Political Portie, t* .Vr» Kng " Rocky mounlaai hut*" were crowded by crinoline and doubt; but it would be a dissolution of the uaiou betweenland— The •a*' «* IMd—Okowpr <a <a< Political Senti while neckcloth*, and the name of the pathfinder was ai'-cut 20 000 democratic office holders and their official an',where,inchurchorout,thesignalfortheoutbreakof positions. Heremarkedthatitwasnottbemissionof a*W—/>>pV Tw*i of Famatuum and OamifdvM—Poli- popular enthusiasm But no such feeltog can be raised the republScans to overturn, to revolutionize, nor to doheatCharacteristiaofSewHampshire—lUpMH^n inlavorofLincoln.Heisonlyfamousforhi*runag*;nst anjinjiaticctoanyoneicctionofthecountry,bat,byLouxn \rrmtmt, Massachusetts and Comneeiicut-Un Douglas, aad aa he was beaten, that does not give him a administering equal and exact justice and freedom to all, great amount of foruc with his support*re, some of whom, to restore the now Inst sad buried landmarks of libertycoin's Popularity Compared with FivumU's—CaMr in these days, have quite a fraternal feeling for the A number of other speakers were on hand; but it w isHa** nn in «, Gomt Damond a> *W*f Mtmmtnin Hau— "Little Giant." He has not the ability of Seward, nor now approaching midnight, and tbe meeting adjmtrnedthe adventurous career of Fremont. Oelar mill are with numerous cheers and "Josh's"' forJUncolaand Ham- K,t#irv .Strength of Douglas and Brmkimridat—Tkt Belt good in their way, bat they are decidedly not food for lin.and Everett T*#fc«t, dc , dc rmaotic fervor. Ladies cannot go into raptures over % a OT.AKTB tyrat THE «ATTI.« rrF.hr>.Now that the various factious, party organisations and such an rg'y man. Our Maine law clergy are shy of Although a highly creditable demonstration, therepub- riiaorgamiaXxNUi, haw, after hwalcalable exertions and toaohiag an individual who graduated from a corner gro- licans Aid not exhibit near so much enthusiasmfar theirIfTT— mill Wi •r air. KraatataMFrom letters reentry received It waaMsMaear that Mr •Mafias L Oe Forest, who a t mysteriously disappeared from this city on tbe 17th of January, Met, tassmabve andresidingatMelbourne,Australia.This gentleman bad finished a collegiate educate*) at Vale College, New Haven, Ot., and prior to attaanag km county, yesterday. As oswal at aO jmWte e x ^ t l o a s ^ majority came into tbe possession of aa ample fortune. crowd of people was immense, and tbe deepest tatereat Be came from New Haven to this city a tew days before and anxiety were felt to witness tbe tragic scene. At a bis disappearance, and took noma at tbe Metropolitan vet*earlyboorintbemorningthepeoplebegantoflock Hotel. Itwas bisintention, aadastawwtTsaitebis in from all parts of tbe country, on foot, by rail, by friends to this city, to visit Havana, aad with that object river,andineveryvarietyofvehicle,untilthreeorfour bewasmakingpreparations.OnthelTthofJanuaryhe thousand people pressed about tbe Jail sad tbe plaae of drew a chock for $2,000 at the American Exchange Bank, CKecntisa. s and then visited Brooklyn, bat was not beard of altar- As agaaeral thing, people are apt to forget the enor- wards. On theaothof January Mr. Curtto,of 17 Maiden mity ofa crime to contemplating tbe awful punishment tone, received an anonymous note, poet marked Brooklyn,of&oi*ri*teat»,battethaprateetce*eit was not so, slating that Mr. De Forest bad been knocked dewa in Tbe murder of Miss Morris by Harten was as daring that city, robbed, and his body?ttoeaoe,ments oe the Presidential ijueatiunw a s lastnighttotallyThe (aaapalga la Mew Knsrlaad.' OVK *OI*TON CORaKSrO^W CNCK.rnvmtbeWbceliiigmteBlgancsr.Jaatao.JThe execution of Nathaniel Hartea, tor the murdar of Miss Melista Moms, took place at MaondariUe, Marshallfraternal dsWiions, preheated to Uie people of these United states the individuate whom they each aad sing ly deaire. from purely setrteti* motives, to aee elevatedto the head of oar actional administration; an.l whilecatJM such a furore about wigwams tad tha like as was once raised snout log cabins aad hard eider seem d o tin*d to an inglorious failure Bat any republican candi date could to-day carry New EngUHd. The nomination of Hamlin insures Maine to Ola republicans. Wire the democrats united, Itwould require aa almost superhumanvions evening, and very few cheers were given In conaec tion with his name.On the contrary, the evening previous, whenever the name of Douglas was mentioned, it was npon nearly every oreurreaca hailed with a general sad hearty outburst ofshep, and lamodiaWy started to »ho same direction, and was very soon afterwards seen running towards her at a considerable speed. Oa the Wfwntog of the 33d Harten disappeared. Search was instituted for the girl, who had cot been seen since Harten was observed following bar. and o a ths S7lb, four days afterward*, her lifeless body was found in a deep ravine, not far from the *pot where the neighbor* lost sight of her. Marks of a fearrol strug- gle were plainly visible aoantfUieJplaoe, and a beaten track was perreptiwe where tbe mitortanata girt had beanTbe Mew Haven Palladium of Friday, to relation to that matter, says:—What made the matter tbefact that be left hi.- trunks, contatotog v iat Ibe hotel, and several thousand dollarsafin New Haven, and other property in other places. M o w , without aay previous intimation, a tetter eesees freaa Australia, bv way of Ixmdoo aad Boston, penned by th* missing man himself,askmg for his bank divideads, which he appears to suapate h a w not bean paid te three years, although thev have been regularly drawn by his father a suily t* i-broutde soch a majority from New England for I.iMvti ».s »a§ thrown for Fremont.this State, bope!e*s and inevitable.The people arc much incensed against the publishers ofMsxnocaxs, Australia, April 17, DM0 Masses. Wrasicw, 1-AIMKK a Co —1 am the owner of twenty shares in the Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnatik wassfa startled not only tha > conservative ecu of the republican party, hot the conservativereyoftheJfa'tleField—Douglas'Chances—-Erl*readent<Pierce—State of Feeling in Totcn and Country, dx.Patriot, Madison. nisTKirr or COLUMBIA.In anticipation of the great event, the citizen soldierysnd raw militia of the town and vicinity seemed to be"lyir-g around loose" all tbe morning, without any ap-parent unanimity of purpose. We heard the "raws" up District Court, for the release of tbe Miraatoa aad Mar- Stairs, in the Court Hosse, going through a sort of single quesOeia Banana, captured by the American squadrond.*ruptedb ydisagree-and fl*ep, and long and hopeless, sad he implored the reople •Fcod.aake to stretch oat their hands in ifet y section of the Onion and take up tbe mimfon which the democrats had long kept to themselves, sad bold lb*Douglas, Dmira. GtssMn, Cortland.Gasette. Geneva, fiasette, Franklin Herald, Sandy Hill.Irish News, New York. Leader, New York. Messenger, Canandalgua. NMsnTwooklya. Observer,Uttoa. Observer, Madison, 1 Observer,Seneca,f Palladium, Oswego.Post, Essen.Republic, Glens Falls Republican, Watkms. Reveille. Seneca Falls Republic, Buffalo. Republican, Schoharie.nowros, June 30, i«»aoaad the relative popularity of the different nominees, ticket could be arranged in Rhode Island is not a question • n c h agitated, aad without each a ticket i t formed, thatbe foreshadowed indications that a reaction, to some e x -NSWdragged down a steep embankment into a secluded partoMbsravme. Bar stub was beaten »nd fractared into a administrator, as thev foil due. We give tbe letter ser-cery where poor com whiskey was Tended. Pforta to candidate as the Imuglas men did for theirs ita tbe preRecorder,Cattakill. Republican, Orleans Republican, lister. Standard, Brooklyn. ! Stents Zeit'iiig, New York.9tntinH, Rom**.Sentinel, Chautauflne. Telegraph, Poughkoepsle. Times, I'naditla.Union. Rochester,t'nion. WatertownAmerican, Trentonr, JaViistown.Herald, Mount Holly. Gasette, HacketUtown itt*jtSM?t*| inrta^rsoii* Democrat. Camden. Journal, WarrenH A J f r s a n u .Patriot, Concord.trator. On ths 23d rf July Mat, according to tte eri success. His father oaered heavy rewards for the body, dtaee, Harten saw Miss Morris passing by bis blacksmith but not lading it, or any cine, mourned htm as dead.cur*Mispeople,IDvariablywithdisinterestedpurpose!,struggletooverthrowfreeaolHsmfaNewHasareairc.Ver-cheers,sadotherdemonstrationsofenthusiasm-Whetherare endeavoring to (bra eome estimate of the probablechances for the a m w i of either of lb* party candidates,a birdbeye view of toe state of parties to Sew Kngtond, rity, but the majority cannot nnite. How a coalition where in town snd country for Douglas, there begins tomont would be very likely to threw a republican majori- ty If Wendell Phillips happened to be the standard bear er. In Massaeinrtts the repoWwaia are now in a mino-Although the enthusiasm among democrats Is every-tent, may occur before November. Some of tbe leading will net be unacceptable to someof your countless legion Mate norms republican fast enough. A united democracy men tot* pile, weak, dispirited. They seem to beHerald, Sussex Journal, Newarkshapeless mass, snd a Urge blood covered rock was lying near, as a silent witness of bow tbe dreadful deed was done. Suspicion at once attached to Harton, and he was pureued and arrested at tbe house ofa relative to Tyler county. ..Var'ious rumor* were afloat as to tbe motive which ac- 'totted tbe deed, though no evidence was adduced upon t h e t r i a l t o t i i s e n d . S o m e s a y t h a t M i s s M o r r i s p o s - sessed tbe knowledge of a nameless, inhuman crime, into tbecommtoMop;pt which Harton's brutal sensuality'bedfcofim.with the exception of the namb<r of shares owned b\ him in the bank, whoso officers prefer that we should notstate tbe exact figures to that regard. Tbe letter MasoUows—Mmnorpvit, Australia, April, 1*00- or NEW HAVKX Basra:—Sm—I em tbe owner of — shares in tbe capital stock of y o u r b a n k . F o r t i m e I "h ai vr e e i n o t d r a w n t h e d s - Vidends on them.general that endeavors to foreshadow their future posi- tios from their past or present action, and upon such foreshadow log to predicate the aucces or defeat of par- ties, are usually a waste of thought and time.ridge men are not without considerable strength. wet blanket npon the enthusiasm of the uinwa It L a s t y e a r t h e D o u g l a s m e n c o m p r i s e d t w o t h i r d s f r e e s e s w h i l e i t s h o u l d w a r m . N e v e r t h e l e s s , t h a i t h e*NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, JTJLY 4, 1860.might carry Connecticut, bat to there any chance Of a Obliged to keep faith to Douglas, i s a patient wouldof reader*. It Menu faUy as sensible to try to nuke• o n e careful estimate o f the proaeat position o f politicalmatters aa to atteaapt to predict what may transpire inthe month of November. So slippery are politicians in the democratic party in New England, but the BreckiQ- a grimace. Its first article on tbe nomination is like aunited damocraay saywhere this yearfThe Douglas faction have a decided majority in sheet, the New Hampshire Patriot, runs up his name withof the party in Massachusetts, but the adhesion of- all tbe Patriot mm warmly support Douglas as the campaign Stale to the cause of the' seccders carries over a large would have been with either, had the other strong candi-this be a safe criterion upon which to Judge of tha popularity of the two candidates time will tell.keep down a dose of calomel aad jalap at the commandof bis physician. Even that old substantial democraticDemocrat, Manchester more prominent and able of the democratic leaders in the progresses is certain, and yet how much happier it Gazette, Portsmouth.I have recently given to Messrs. Mailler k Qurreau, of ted htm, and mat be killed her. fearing revelation of tbe tbe firm of Mailler, Lord k Q>tereau, Wall street. Newrart of that floating balance of the party which always date been away Fx-President Pierce keeps aloof from In lit* the repubUcaa* carried N'ew Eaglaad l>y a great inciiMs to what seems the stronger side. At least half any active participation in the campaign, but it Is pretty majority, over the voter of both democrats and Fillmore of tbe democratic voters of Massachusetts favor the elec- clear that his i-entimeota are anything but favorable toStandard, Concord. Sentinel, Dover.secret. Others say that Miss Morris, who is only aboutfifteen years of age, bad received some attentions fromHarten, and bad Spurned them repeatedly, giving him tounderetantf that bis presence was not agreeable. Be thatas it may, he bad a fair and impartial trial, and cIream sales. . C L. DC FORSTT stances were established going to show bis guilt beyond We have very' carefully compared t b e manuscript o fBanner, Salsbury. men. The whole vote was 4*9,443. Of this the repub- tion of Breckinridge and Lane. The country party pa- Douglas. Hb friend, Colonel George, goes for Douglas as Journal, Wilmington,licans had mare than' sixty-one per cent, beating the pers are, with few exceptions, in favor of that ticket; tbe regular nominee, without enthusiasm. A democratic democrat* by a vote of noaiiy two to one, and casting and the Bolton Pott, the leading democratic organ of State Senator. Hon. Wm. A. Burns (not the delegate), 115,000 more votes than the united strength of democrats New England, has been for a considerable time zealous in accords anything but a cordial support to Dniglas, andAmericans. Fremthattimetothepresent there itsoppositiontoDouglas,andisnowasearnestinsup- althoughhewillvoteforhim. Someofficersofthecus-remocrst, Cleveland.OHIO.Enquirer, Cincinnati. Herald,Toledo. Plaindealer, Cleveland. Statesman,Columbus.PXXHSTtVAXIA. t Herald, BntleV.Intelligencer, Lancaster. Press/Philadelphia. Post, Pittsburg.Review, Washington.BOODK ISLAHD.Post, ITovidenoe.a shadow of reasonable doubt in the minds of a jury of the letter with Ibe other manuscripts of Mr. Do Forest,publicans have been constantly losing ground, either port of Breckinridge. The Boston Herald, a penny pa toms, who have been loud mouthed in favor of Doaglas,reiativelv, attcomparedwiththevoteof the democrats, perofconsiderablecirculationinBoston andvicinity,is, and active politicians, seem- suddenly to have beenor by an actual falling off in their vote. Of course, a much of the papers which support Douglas in New England, !•truck with an extraordinary dumbness, and therefuller vote is thrown at Presidential elections than during perhaps the most influential. In Maine, New Hampshire is the avowed hostility of Edmund Burke, who Argus, Philadelphia. the intervening campaigns but a comparison of the offi- and Rhode Island the Douglas men are considerably keeps up a constant but most irrational and Gazette, Reading.cial returns of the last elections In the New Eng stronger than the other wing of the party; but in silly warfare upon some of the best and strongest men in Register, Norristown. land States with.the returns for the fall of ISM shows Connecticut, though there may be a majority favoring the democratic party in the State through his paper. Allthat the position in which the democrats stand, as com Douglas among the rank and file of the party, the weight these things considered, the Bougies men must not restpared with the republican strength, is an Improvement on of pergonal influence is believed to be with the friends of upon their oars if they would make a strong 'stand inbacountrymen. ItwasshownthatHartenbadthreat- andfindtberesemblanceinot-tstriking.Ibeonlymarked ened her with evil, and about tbe spot where the ghastlythat occupied by them at the beginning and atose of that Breckinridge aad Lane Throughout the several States New Hampshire. There is much work for them to do; S hotly contested campaign, and the democracy have them there is every indication that the faction fight will be and, although it is up bill to cohteud agai:tsl so many s*lve» to thank if they allow the republicans »o ooportu most bitter and uncompromising. There is a deal of parties, they must do it, or they may anticipate defeat incorsewasfoundtrackswerediscoveredmadebyawornout differenceisintbesmalld hihisothermaauxcriptstbe shoe, which allowed the great toe to impress tbe ground. top of tbe d is thrown to the i«-n in a curve, but in tbe Harten was known to have worn soch a shoe on the day of last letter It is the ordinary d, similar to this one we havethe murder. There were many other less prominent cir- printed, hot all the other woida aad tetter* bare tbe cumstances tending to show his guilt: but as our readers same appearance in all the maauscripta. Even the loop are already familiar with the case, we deem it unnecessa- on the back of each smalt / is the same m sII.ry to repeat ihem. In addition te this apparent evidence of his existence,*For several weeks efforts have been made b y prayer the folio ring is a oopy < f a letter which was received ytm- and pt-rsua-lou to Induce the condemned to confess tbe terday by Messrs. Winslow, LainierfcCo.,bankers,of thiecurbing among Douglas men at the action of the Massa-chuwtts delegation in tbe National Convention in sup-porting the seceders, but in disregarding the preferencesof their constituents, as in some instances they probably the Boston Post for having induced them to subscribe to Democrat, Greenville.Tin.-* rUange in the tone of opinion m New England isreadii)- M-coouled for, the causes being partly local and best interests of their party Anally, whatever tha present they allege. Thousands of copies have been returned tol>*rtl) national The republican party of New England result. They will have to'endure some abuse, but will the'office of tbe Post from this region alone.»hwh voted for Kremont of course included the veryUrge aumUrr of crazy fanatics, followers of Garrison, whohave found a congenial climate for the growth of theirterrors m tin* section Oiled as it it with tha traditions The Bell snd Everett ticket, which is here regarded a* ing is spreading everywhere. It increases daily every-v( the l'uriuus. and inhabited by a people inheriting in tbe Everett and Hell ticket, has a very respectabh sup- where. Sullivan county is promised for Douglas. In Democrat, Abingdon. large measure the spirit of those traditions, a narrowness port in Massachusetts in respect to both character and Newport, the borne of Edmund Burke, a grand Doaglas Dcrnocrat.'Cbsrleatowo. of menu! vision which can look at disputed points in number?. They could probab'y poll more votes here to- demonstration took place, which astonished the natives. Enquirer. Richmond. theol<«v or pontics from fonly one standpoint; a mentalarr<«ailce which is Incapable of comprehending the possibtlit) of lb* poupenaor forming an error of judgment; andafttioet intolerant disposition to go all lengths in enforcing throw a few hundred votes in Massachusetts for Gerrit from ten miles distance—demanding to know the reason. Republican, Lynchburg. peeohar views npon society. But the Fremont party Smith, but they cannot draw votes enough from the re- If all accounts are correct, there appears to be an "all-here included many others, a considerable body of whom publicans to anect the result. Lincoln is radical enough ured" blaze in the pine woods for Douglas.were at heart rather conservative, and opposed to violentmeasures,howevermuchasicklysentimentalitywasgratified bytheenunciationofdoctrineswhichwouldhave proved themrelvrs most violent if carried into effect.The leiuial declaration of the "irrepressible conflict" Crand Demonstrations of tke Douglas Men and the Lincolndoctrine by Mr. Lincoln, and its authoritative en<lorvin.-ul by Senator Seward, who drew up awiMluan plan for the use of his party modelledupou the crude idea of Lincoln, proved adid, they have doubtless consulted what will be for the their campaign sheet, and then deserting the party, s iprobably be well compensated for their exertions, in the future.tor slmost sny of them.OCRCONCORDCORRESPONDENCE. (OSCORD, N. H , July 2,1860.P. S —Just as thfjemail is closing members begin to return from tbeir homes to atterfd the Legislature, and they bring tidings from the interior that the Douglas feel-Argus, Norfolk. American Eagle, Madison. Appeal, Danville. Democrat, Betlford. Democrat, Liberty.morning, when the eager and curious country folks were crowding into the village rrom all directions to see him executed. He ate a very hearty breakfast, and seemed to be In as good spirits as usual since his confinement.Tbe prisoner was a man apjiarentty about twenty eightyears of sge, with dark hair and eyes, slightly built, andlooked like a slow motioned sluggard, but one whom w eshould not like to meet to tbe woods under any circum-stances whatever. H is eyes were small, dark, restless,but dull, snd looked as if they might have onesbelonged to some sort of a snake. When state offsets; and were it not for tbe close resemblance questioned upon the subject of the murder be neither de- between the handwriting of these and bis former maaa- nied nor confessed his guilt, but answered evasively, or scripts, would present a euspi ion that thev might ha turnedawaywithamoodyreserve,asmuchastosay forged.thatbedid notliketobetalked to. Earlyyesterday Inquirieswill beprosecutedatoncetoascertainthe morhtog be requested the Sheriff not to admit anybodf truth of tbe matter, aad clear up the •vster) whichtote bis cell, as it annoyed him excessively. He also re- surrounds it.quested a day or two ago that his execution might takeday than either wing of the democracy, but ia tbe other The name of the democratic candidate for the Vice Presi- New England States they have no show or strength. dency having been accidentally left out of! the county The most mad of the intensely rabid abolitionists may paper, the office was besieged by democrats—homecomingUnaccompanied b y any explanation a s t o t b e reasons for bis sodden departure from this city, sad to tbe ab- sence of any correspoadeace with his relatives or friends in relation thereto, these letters exhibit a very singularFtom the following extract from your editorial of this Party—Great Waste of H.eath and Gunpowder—A Sur day on "The Southern Opposition," I perceive that you orwnooasnr.Mm—Spirited Speeches—The-Sift" in the Democraticplace atteno'clock in tbe day, which is a much earlieriroH>d of that organisation. The irrepressible conflict The campaign is fully opened in New Hampshire. The judicious view of it:—octrine of tha extremists, Lincoln and Seward, carried a its legitimate consequences by John Brown and hit infitt- uated followers, the immediate condemnation of his raid by men of all seetkms. its semi endorsement by the repub-licans and the final vindication of State rights in the exc <».Uoo< I the offenders against the peace of the whole conn, try,thoroughlyarousedallthoughtfulrepublicanstotheDouglas democrats and the republicans have had their ratification meetings in the capital—the former on Wed nesday night last, the latter on last (Thu/aday) evening. It is not kuown whether or not thare will be a Breckinridge demoostrationinthiscity,fortherearebutoneortwo•• At the is*t election in Delaware the numbers stood 7.S*8 against 7,462. Who does not see that, With two de- mocratic caadilaies in the field, theopposition ticket must be elected by a large pluralityP'Vow tbe error or your conclusion consists in the fact which you ignore, that there are tw o opposition tickets inDelaware,whichwilldividetheopposition(voteprettyNorthern States Southern StatesTota?2» 88 S9 1385 ! 101seemed to attract the prisoner's attention, and which he aid not cegsrd as altogether befitting the solemnity of the occasion.About tea o'clock, a wagon was driven up to the jail door,andCaptainIsrael'scompanyofvolunteersmarch-great public interest for record that could not well be curtailed. But its great length may make it desiraMe t o many of our readers to bare tbe points of tbe decision briefly stated.dangerous tendency of the line of policy advocated by members of the I^gtsIatuTC in either branch who in any nearly in half. Beil may beat Lincoln one thousand or fif-their leaders. The sudden depression of New England degree appear to oppose the nomination of Dougla3, teen hundred votes, but not more.trade with the South, the natural consequence of the Mr. Douglas, pn the other hand, will not receive more feeling excited there by tha countenance given to such although they all deplore the "riiV—as thaysayinthe than one thousand votes in tbe State, and most personsTheopinionrecapitulate withgreat minutenessand SSWATOR SKWAUK TOTAFR TBW STrsiP.—Mr. Sewarid has ed up and dispersed tbe crowd. The prisoner was then clearness tbe nature of tbe claim and the evidence by-pay them a visit, and has written them the following , men as Brown in our midst, and the immediate distress mountains—in the party. One of these gentlemen is rey much less. The personal enemies of Stnator Bayard, letter —by jailer Smith, or this city, Sheriff Reed and others,and Tbe facte in evidence make some material changes ia immediately the immense mass of people made agrand the aspect of the case from what has been popularly re- unanimous rush for tbe place of execution, so as.to secure ceived. Tbe conclusion of tbe Judge from the law hiMMif eligible places. When the wagon containing the prisoner is that tbe Marques de ia Habana fired no shots whateverof thouKanda, dependent npon that Jrade for subsistence, a few disappomtcd rttlco seekers and a limited I number or. artisan* manufacturers and rfleirhanU, brought the Abaer Greenleaf, Esq., one of the oldest members as Catholic Irishmen form the most active and influential of•roil) of abolition doctrines very close borne to the voters, well as the oldest man In the House. He representsthe his supporters, not including a single democratic oratori and as a result we have seen the republican ranks thin city o Portsmouth, where he has served as Mayor and in the State. I will bet one hundred dollars thatArurn*. June 28. 1860.iningyearbyyear. Thevote torGov.BanksInMassa ' cbusetis was 10.000 less last year than in 18*8.Your kind letter awakens sentiments which I will not arrived, the crowd was again scattered to make room, at the United states expedition, which was assaoaihlaiundertake to exprres. My heart overflows with gratitude and after a short delay, Harten ascended the scaffold, tbe position she occupied at Anton Lixardo, and that toand nffection to my friends and the whole republican peo- slowly but firmly, accompanied by Rev. Mr. Richmond fact ber guns were dismounted and unfit for use. The.soma events, more local in their nature, have had thefllledother municipal offices.Mr. Greenteaf is a democrat of the old inflexible sort.Douglas does not receive the vote of Dela- ware, one hundred dollars that Lincoln does not receive It. and one hundred dollars that Beil does not receive it.pleofMichigan. Tothefull extentofmyabilitytheir wishes shall always be to me as effective as a command. By and by. after some respite at home—from which Iandotherclergymen. Whentbecondemnedmanbeheld tbe scaffold, the little Mood in his face disappeared, his eyes seemed to sink suddenly deeper into his head, andMirsmon,bythesameevidence,isshowntohaverestat- ed capture, under tbe belief that tbe two steamers were attacked by vessels sent against them, by the Jaaressame tendeucy to weaken confidence in the republican He never has countenanced compromise with the oppo- Any two or the whole three of the bets to be taken logo- jiarty among us. These are the recent developemeaU of ther.have been absent, except,in a few stolen visits, eighteen he seemed almost instantly to lose one third of bis flesh. government from Vers Cruz. It is a'sc shewn thatthemouths—I will meet you as you prot>ose. Bat. in tbe corruptions which have grown up and been fostered by nents of hie party, although he datos his connection with In Delaware tha Douglas faction will merely form an meantime, do not let your committee wait forme.: Letvarious republican State governments. To give but a it as far back as the times of Jefferson. He will prove a element of the divided and distracted opposition againstthem proceed to organize and concentrate tbe energies of tbe republicans under the leadership of the worthy and distinguished candidates approved by Ihe Convention at Chicago, assured that I should feel it a calamity, and al-brit-f sketch of these would occupy too ranch, space. Themost important have been the embenslements bythe State Treasurer of Maine, eftected withthe cognizance, and It is more than suspected with the seceders. with lie- o'lHuriroee, and certainly to the pecuniarythe united democracy . such I believe to be the at tbe South generally.the first day of bis arrest. Rev. Mr. Richmond then of- fered up a prayer in behalf of the condemned man, in which be intimated that he (Harten) had experienced aIteuetit, of many of Uie moat brilliant of the republican lights ef the Pine Tree State: the Bumham investigationTHE DOCOLAS DEMONSTRATION.The ratification meeting of the democrats was one of the largest and most enthusiastic political gatherings ever heldinthecity. ItwasannouncedtotakeplaceinRtin- fordHall,buttbepresswassogreatanadjournmenttothe.acted so long should fall back from bis advanced position in the coming engagement. the first one, I «m sore, iof a lc-ng series of national triumphs of our righteous cause.when attacked, these vessels were at anchor, within a mile and a half of the main land, and, therefore, clearly within the maritime jurisdiction of Mexico, and entitled toalltherightsdue tothemfromneutrafnations The I'mted States were neutrals in tbe Mexican war,. n Massachusetts, in which it was made evident that a t ile »>*tcin of adulteratM.n ha.1 been carried into effect in the^tateliquoragency—whichinamonopolyforthesale ofallliquors sold legally in theState, andbywhich wholesale (toisoning the services of party hacks and presses had been ninst liberally paid—and the charges for 6er\ ice* igamal the States of Maine and Massachusetts, on the part of some uilhieutial repuolicaus, for lobbying in Wa-buigton, in engineering to a successful-result cert tinAfter two weeks I will be absent for two months. Enclosed you will find my name and address.eyes, and, as Sheriff Keed Etoopcd to poll the trigger ofthe trap, nearly,all eyes were turned away. A dullsoifod was heard, and looking again, we beheld NathanielHartenswingingmtheagoniesofdeath,suspendedbe-tweenheaven andearth. Hedrew himselfuptwoorthree times in violent struggles, but was soon motionless having, indeed, recognized tbe Juarez govern-strong anti-Douglas man in the State if he finally concludes to abandon the regular (so called) nomination and sillhateP S.—Should any one apply for my bets,let them com- munic&te with me here by letter. I shall require a fewTliePresidential ElectionandthaStateof Delaware.TO THE EDTTOB OF THE HERALD.Republican, Culpepper. Republican, Culpepper' .Register, Clarksville. Register,Salem. SpiritofDemocracy,NewMarket. Telegraph, Wytheville.NewYorkpersistiakeepingyourselvesquite ignorantof Delaware politics. I suppose it is so small you cannot rest the metropolitan eye upon it long enough to obtain AIVmperatic Press, Fond-du- hour than the Sheriff had all along designed. lac.;rla.in-»hubthoseState*hadrenp.-ctivi.4yuponthetbepaperwhichsomeofthepartyintheNorthhavere-whatcoursetheywouldtake.Wefindthatagreatnum-forthePresidencyifho(Douglas)would.TheNationalber!»fpeople.Thescaffoldwasthentorndownaadcom government,andwagingacivilwarfortbeascendancygarded as their organ, the Boston Post, had gone oil' ber of them are ''fighting shy," unwilling ^o declare Committee of each party were to meet and decide upona with the seceders at Charleston and Baltimore. That either for one side or the other, and thus avoiding what candidate whom each wing could support. Rumor addsthat the man to be selected is General John E. Wool, of paper ruled and ruined the democratic party for years. might otherwise prove fatal to their hopes and success, New York, with ADdrew Johnson, of Tennessee, theHe was glad it had gone oil, and that the party was rid of uthprs. more bolj and vastly more independent, have original author of the Homestead bill, for Vice President.ter*, of New Lngland a significant 1-sson. A brief reca for forty years, and with its desertion an incubus wouldt«pttulatiou and comparison of the votes for President in be removed from the demieratlc party of .New England candidates. The followinglist embraces all of the latter says the Breckinridge men in the State Committee ofluilel Hiites—charges whkh have been ]«aid'in part byorder of the state Legislatures, but which were wholly I' truui^-d up and fabulous. These disclitsures, and others of a Mtii'ar nature,,displaying a system of wholesale . orruption ;n the administration of a party composed pro- { fe-iSedlw of reformers on principle, are u-aqhjng the vo-in;tted to tbe flames, and a number of men and boys put piece* of it in their pocketsAmong the many iiersrns who pressed prominentlyTbe Judge argues that the grounds of suspicion agains* the vessel, for not showing their lags ia reply to e gun from the Castle of San Juan de Ulna, were insuaVient tor, 1466 and for Governor in the last Slate elections, will prov. th.- truth of the foreguing.that would be truthful and beneficial to the organisation class which have come within the scope of oujf observa- forever. Those democratSLOf the North who had gone tion:—oft with the seceders. with tbe government hirelings,he would trent as traitors—enemies in war. Mr. Tread-Pennsylvania will endeavor to get up a combined electoral ticket. Against this pusillanimous and shameless policy, says the Press, the resolution of the Democratic National Committee, and all the friends of Douglas, including that gallant leader himseli, unhesitatingly protest. They, de- mand clear decks, a Iold fight and no masked batteries. They waiit to meet tbe disunionists face to face before the people, and will neither ask nor give quarter.FOI-RIB DISTRICT OF MICHIGAN.—The Democratic Conven- tion of the Fourth district of Michigan have nominated Kdward H. Thomson for Congress.SABBATH DRCKCRATION.—Tho Douglaaites In NewOrleans fired a salute, on the receipt of the news or the nomina- tion at Baltimore, on Sunday morning, the 17th alt.DotciLAS a TESNTOSKK.—' t Shelbyville Tint American is out strong for Douglas. It says:—for the awful scene that it was with difficulty he was restrained by his neighbors.Nope of the members of Harten's family manifested any (interest in his fate. We learned'that a messenger was sent to his father to know if he wished to take charjge of the corpse The father replied that he would have nothing to do with it, stating that his son ought to hav4'beeu hanged lung ago for causing the violent death of big sister.son, hud ho not been prevented by an accident. We were hlso told that he admitted a participation in the death of hisisister, to which allusion is reported to haveargues, too, from the testimonv, that the Americanskae * perfectly well what vessels these wag*, and had been on tbe lookout for tbem.Judge Minot'sremarks were of a conciliatory character. He did not wish to revive the acrimonious feelings exist- . are basel. the extraordinary developementa already no- ing at Charleston and Baltimore, but would '-let the dea1DelawareRepublican.I tict-d cuocerniag t h e aduiinistratuin o f the State govarn- meut by tlie republicans have produced a marked c'l.uigc in favor of the democrats, which had become- evident in muuii .pal < lections this year.In the State of New Hampshire, taking one year with another, pa-ty spirit runs higher, and election-; are more ( closely c«nu-sted, than in any other State in the Pnion. Political 'iscusaion and intrigue are a mania with tha people, and there is no Stale where among the rural popn- I Ltion Wickery and bribery are so rife during politicalpart) bury its dead.'' He hoped the party in Vlrgiuia,Pennsylvania, New York and the South would learn w isdom from the past, and if they did, tbe clouds that nowhovered over them would be dispelled. In any event, News, Savannah. however, he said there was but one path of duty for thebeer, to go in open day. with flags displayed, and snake tha inquiry in tbe form usual among public vessels. Capt Tur- ner, as the Court avers, chose tbe night time, displayed no ffev, approached the vessels in a manner to aire tbem cause to believe that diey were to be aasniilinj by aa enemy from the city, and thus became ram smabss for having unnccessariiv produced tbe oofliskm wfattb fol- lowed.campaign-. The two skies, democratic and republican, Douglas nominated, or to break up the Convention. This « are so nearly balanced, and each so skilfully enginiL-ered, bad been charged, but was false. They went there to con-ciliate,toharmonize,tosacrificeeverythingbut tbepnn clple to which the democracy of the State had been com- mitted—thatofnon intervention.Hon. Walter Han iman said the war en Douglas was a accurately canvassed before every election, and all the war on the Northern democracy; and he warned Southern i. voters »ie brought to the polls. There hnl htm less (lisnnionists that in their course to strike down Douglas I thaoge in the relative position of parties in this Mai-- they must walk over the dea/l bodies of Ui-s friends, than m any other in New England, but the smallness of the Northern democracy. Nine tenths of the the change does not destroy its significance, owing people o." New Hampshire, he said, were iu I to the peculiar character of N»>w H»mp.-hir.' politicJ. favor of the principle of non intervention. The In the last 1"residential election there were T1.658 vote seceders had left their bed and board without sufficient i thrown in the State. Fremont received db^Mi, Buchantn cause, and ho would forbid all persons from trusting themhad 32,TW, and 422 were cast for Fillmore. The whole on the account of the democracy.vote for the State wan almost identically Uie same in i ol. John H. George urged conciliation ami harmony.March, i860, esneediag that of ISM by about 150 votes. He bad not been an original Buchanan man in I860, nor There were but two candidates for Governor, and the was he anoriginal Douclns man in 1860. but he saw no handful of votes given for KUlmore were probably way for the party of New Hampshire to pursue hut to lend divided between them. The .democratic gain was less n hearty and cheerful support to the nomination of Mr.: than twe [H.T caat (OH), and the republican loss about Douglas. He urged his >iends^ohi.iag.ill their gnus toYancey tins nearly consummated his hellish purpose—the destruction of the democratic party; hut, in the spirit been made by his father when solicited to take charge the ships, with their trckle, apparel and furniture, shallIthatthe\oie is alwavsvery lull, andthepartystatus • of the Slate is changwf very slowly. Last y-a.- the demo. rratic vote was almost MenlienI with that of 1886 Th v i bad gamed thirteen votes. The State is thoroughly andof patriotism, in the spirit of God and our country, w e of th* body. intendtoappealforitsrebuke. tbe restored, but without costs. Tbe claim for indemnity, which would include all considerations of costs and damages, has been withdrawn from tbe Courts, aad w u l probably go before Congress, unless it should be saado the subject of official reclamation to tbe government and become an international affair.T h e L a t e P o e t Ofmre D e f a l c a t i o n . I'MTAD STATES DISTRICT COCKT. Before Hon. Judge Beits.Jnv S._/w (he Matter <f the PnUad fltofer rt. Gr**v? Law and Custom* G. Qmover, su<mm* of Isaac r . Pim1 >J0.In \'cmnoot the whole vote cast in the last PresidentialI rlertion was W,«7t Fremont had 3*.Ml, Buchanan1 10,JV6(». and Kiliiaore 84o The vote last September fell off would be fought in the South, where th© rtpublicans darefrom the full vote ot 1864) nine and a half per cant t4,80W.i uotgo. In the South would the banners of Douglas be , The republican loss was twenty per cent (81941. The planted, and a ouud which would be rallied all the true ' jemocrais gaiaad •thirty seven per cent <3.9301. The men oTthe democratic party, friends of the Union aadAdvocate, Batoti Ruoge. Democrat, Bangor., -, „,D p insHEADQrARTXKS Of THE ARMY I NrwYoRa, June 80, I860.|.i^T-J?8 c e " o f t h e ""fortunate to bid him a flna! fare well.They remained with him for several hours luring which time they sang aud praved When about to take leave an indescribable scene of agony took place.hereditaments or the defendants as sureties fbr Isaac V. Fowler, late Postmaster of New York, to tbe sum ot $75,000. Tbe application was based on tbe ground thatvotethrownforFillmorewasabsorbedbythootherpar- theconstitntl<ii.(and two companies of infantry, one of them Captain Tra Clace between htm and his fister and brother, and whenit. That paper had been supported on government pap announced their preferences, and run up the flags of tbeir WAR TO THE K.MKE IN pKsssrLVAMA—Forney's paperupon,the lu*o of soldiers surrounding the scaffold, before the action of tbe American c •mmander, hrrnatr it wasthe drop MI, Was the father of the murdered girl, Morris, the act of one party towards its public enemy, aad cannotwho was very much intoxicated, and so clamorously eager be construed into an insult to neutralaan tbe harbor. HaLi UaiLe the whole vote cast in 1*56 was 109.584. Oftin-the republicans threw S?,17V, the democrats 39.080.the Americans 9,32b. In Se|4-'itiher, 1AS9, the wholevole fell off from the vote of l!<56 eight per ihe wrong bouse, and hecould not support him, nor would Commonwealth, liarton. cent il.t'iO). The Know Nothing vote had en-Tbe proclamation of the Juarez government, declaring them piraus, Judge MeCaleb dismisses from consider*t*>u as a justification of the attack. The declaration of one belligerent against another, or tbe aiders af tbe other, would not make the latter pirates, and expose tbem to be captured byneutrals.tirely disappeared, without any gain on the part r-t the n publicans, who had lost sixteen per eitit 110,8181, ©r their vote lor Fremont, while tho democratic vote ex coelcl that given Mr. Buchanan by sixteen per cent (5.296 » Since the election on which these calculationsIke democrats of New Hampshire. Issue, Selma. Colonel John H. George was in pretty much the same Tribune. Mobile.Ad twe were about leaving the ground, w e learned fromthe m< s t reliable authority, that Harten, some days ago,madet a confession to h is jailor, which corresponds verynearly with the evidence elicited upon his trial. Thefact qf this confession was purposely kept quiet, for noother!reason that we can guess, except with a viqw of its flict. The proper way to approach them would bar- publication hereafter in pamphlet form. H e confessedto lb* jailor and others, that he committed tho murdernearly as already described, and that his motive was tbenameless secret which the girl possessed, and the reve-lation!of which would have brought upon him the shameand contempt of the community. He also confessed thatho wiuld harce murdered a Mrs. Cofleid,for a similar rea-well spoke hiirhly of Mr. Breckinridge, but said? he was in Advertiser, Montgomery.strain, without eharacterizing any of the parties by name.He farther obiects that if t b e Juarez decree made it the duty of our c.tflcers to ascertain tbe true cbaraeter of these vessels, the manner of performing that duty wat imprudent and irregular, aad was tbe cause ef tbe coademocracy of New Hampshire to follow, and that was to support the regular nominee, Stephen A. Douglas.Hon. William Burns, ex-State Senator and a delegate, said the New Hamshire delegation had not gone to Charles ton or Haltimore with the avowed determination of havingTelegraph, Macon Times, Columbus.hear upon the common enemy, with uo single muzzle turned toward a friend.t"»ctions have been received frbi>mCol. George W. Stevens, of Laconia, said the battle»h« 5 ^ t *the War I^iwrtnicnt::iee. u it a a s thrown at all. The great democratic gain The demonstration was kept up all night, and the scenesaiusi be partly accounted for bv the deserved popularity of saturnalia usi ally « itnessed .'round the Park iu N'ew i'atiiot, Barnstable. >fSue t:i,ircandidateforGovernor. Yo!*onthenightprecedingtheFourthofJulywere l-'un.I'ittsfleld.The.oti.- vote of Massachusetts In I860 was 167.4S1. enacted with tenfold/«,,«* by the democracy of Concord Sentinel, Lawrence.for•ftsTfiXS !*TM**"«y' TM under orSs rather,wewillmeetinheaven." Aathegratedcellwas ror i o n Garland; also, the garrison of Fort Larned willhe increased by two mounted companies " ^ " ^ w m closed, which, as Jiey supposed, separated them forever Judge Betts this morning delivered a very long' aatosna•J!?!?moun,udforceforthesepoststobetakenfromthe inthisnre,theoldgentlemanturnedaround,andina onthepointsoflawandtbequestionsarjrjedbythede- n t e . S r ' M ? ^the*couddragoons.and the four comna feeble tone said, -Good bye, Jacob, my poor b o y ," and fendants' counsel and the United Stales District Attorney108 .'.15 totes were thrown for the republican candidate, on the occasion of ratifying the nouiinsitiou of the "1 ittle Sir Bcchanan had 39,387 votes, and the supporters of Mr. (Jiant ol the West" for the Presidency of the fnited"illmore ifnve him 19,619 votes. In 1869 the vote fell off States. D is a somewhat remarkable circumstance thathutyRUTpercent,therepublicanslosingfortysixper ItienameotthesotermedUnionconstitutionalpartv— ent < 4y£!.=> i, the democrats losing ten per sent (3,Sad • theiVll-wvtherettB of the [lolitical fold—wag not menTimes New Bedford.with totterirg steps and heavy hearts the family wended tbeir way homeward.Miseiasu'H. ' tnd the (higs'S vote, oM whig, falling about twenty three timed by any of the simikers. As a matter of fact, how Mis? '"sippian, Jackson.the same to the culprit and his unfortunate parents In view of this fact his parents, we understand, willcoutinue to visit lum up to the morning of his execution.>er cent below that for Fillmore. Mercury, Oxford. The united vote of all parties in Connecticut in the mil ever, it has but few 8uj»porters in New HampshireMIASOrill.Democrat, Hannihai.Herald, St. Louis.Republican, St. 1/mis. Ki.MXIWOTA.Pioneer,St.Paul. JIAKVIAM..lection«rflS3»wa*80j333, 42.715wererepublicanvotes IRE mUTBlUAS RATIFICATION—COCNTKB DMON'- 8TRAT10N.The execution will take place on next Friday, at twelve o clock precisely at the westerly side of the jai i yard The same gallows upon which Carter and Parks were executedI i4,S»96 Jdmocratlc, 2.815 American. Last April extraordi- Following the boisterous demonstrati- n of the Douglas Bulletin, St. IxMiisriai) exerttoiiS to carry the State w-re made hv the d»- men tbe previous evening, the I inoolnites. on Thurs-ia, uocrats, unoMMlauotjr oa the heeta of UxoJohtt Jh-owa af- nigbt. ratified ibe nomination of their candidate Th •air.andwbiletheefiectaofabolitioniaterineddlingwas wid-awakesturnedoutabouttwohundredstonginuni" leverelj r«'it by Connectlcnt maniriVtorers. The high es form, with torches, and with two bands of music marched 1fceui iii fbich the damoeratio candidate for Governor."W Sr> taour is. held by his follow cituans, made the usw threegh several of the streets, a number of butldiags oaArgts, lla'liniore.representatives of the press.a tbe bands of Isaac V. Fowler tlie coropJamants asse*i.-d to or « luiesced in its being delivered to the obJi**** or for tbeir use, knowing or iiavyi* o«ne that the said<t«.scrvstor. Rent. f lira name a valuable auxiUary in the contest. The' re- the route, occuyted h y sympathizers, bein5 brilliantly Citiseu, Frederick.r»j=*,t*ua ,um * OsutAxs NKC.RO Mrsic TKACBKK.—Thos J Mar-Dbond bad not been net .;ted by Oilrur CMrrtek. • « * • •illuminated. The boys made a good show, and were k T * y *»>*«*• "» Portions of the route.isnt. The Killmoto naea had dttaapeared. w » K.t ( W r m . ^ b y V o f ^ w T ^ ^ . M K E , Day Book, New York. la Rhode Island parties were (jvitte disintegrated in lh» everything for th* last , u years bad couirtbuicd tebraak Eagle. Brooklyn.tat electa* by the coalition of all sorts of cwwrvattres ' ..own the democratic parly, and they couldn't help it for Star, Schenectady. * hkrh etecu-d i*jwaf«« tioveraor orer Padelfiwd, MuNml then- lives. Iftbey could not whip the democratic par y Standard, Albany. I epttblkaa. It » Uupcasihle, so sooa alter Uwaontna- now tfcey never cuuld do it. Everythiug.be saidVwas. ^tin, theinegro music teacher, some account of whose doingsublicans were finally succe«sful: but the majority of 730 a hah they had over the Buchanan voto in "183* wmdledtoa31,thoughtherewasagamofteapercent *.0») oa the whole vote in. the JPreaidential campaign,Dispatch, Havre do Grace. Mail, Hagerstown. Republican,Baltimore. Star. Fasten.ihe Judge directs another i^suc >«to mquire whether whenthebondwasexecutedbyUienoawiKlnmtsarper- rons thereto, or at any time when they oaaiMnted to tu.» deliveryofthesamefartheuseoftheUnitedSUatee,oas, and! while partkss remain in their present stats IU ^tmVsSsasgr^ ^ *veuicXtd prcmptly carry out tbe foregoing i n f t r u c t i o n s ^ ^ 7 ByctmmandofBrevetIjeutenant(ieneralScott, L . THOMAS, Ass. Adjutant General,ibi'.Mr is the np'pe of the younst woman wwon and took aany from ber mother, Mrs. Ami severe »bo is * retired actress. Their intimacy has existed|S nearly three year*. He has been supporting ber^toee takmg ber frtui her mother. She dotes upob him T a dhas a child five months old. He, now that h e hi arreaud denies 0 * paternity, and makes strong count*^Louse-' tiers against the mother of his fair one. Among tbeo^ernodeisland,toObtainanythingreBabtetofornlthehaMs •, " m ophtioa aa »o the coaaparallve strength o f the difi> «at organisations or tickets in that State. The coaserrave eteatestt, comprising democrats, oU whiga, nationali »reicaaa and !J»h^sra4i«aTiain»hUcaaM, howaver, pr* f aninates.largeiy over tha artoJitioO tsts.Iibhean ism of New England. Many Maasachiaevu menishedtoseethenameofNat.P.Banksup,iothelaiiiihma bannfis this foil, bnt all wouM hare preforral. If a\ceasityexistedfortheelectionofapurelyreprcsenu'viaac-a.,rwaaafaliravtews-thattheaoatamtloaoalJ tiav* been «iven to Mr. Seward Mr. Uwoote can4b.-coaieaspopalaohereaswastherepablwanicandij&aSiiaSBSlS?b?maS ««.stood in the oompartson. rery likely he meant tbe Z-BcwmoofTHiNAMviiia Pu,w FACIOBY-Tbe exten-siveptow factory of Measrs. Sharp a Hamilton, on theFranklin turnpike, near Nashvllle,Tenn., took Are, on tbe B a ^ « « ^ ? l r ^ f ' W b u "T6*1 • * * • respectable lady oaSBOcratic party; fer be mid that as that party was al The notaioatH« af Mr. Itessln foil coldy oa th" re- ready dividedJtcoubllhe made to become J f t L ? t "poo.Ttctinm of Lis artlul scoundrel, we hearTVaw KaE £ »T1* " mother to-one of his children- also MariatefortheHreatdeocyoffooryear*ago. Col.Freatnat t.iAkUUjnm'town.• Feeeman's Journal. New L f ^ I p h ^ Mr. Putnam estimates his loss at4 achierW s a w ihtejwof gnat practical beatnt to the hia^tevo^^hmmoayrftbeeocMion. - S e TUntitled Document aboutlib merely warnmg the scooadrel away from his house.t»lrS&w!5"Ry ^TgOM*«foraometime,HonTheheadquartersoftheSecondregimentofinfantryare established at Fort Kearney. Tbe senior major of heFeenod regiment of dragoons will take post at Fort I^rnedt default pf bail he was. committed to prison. and in they knew or had notice thai Isaac V. Vowler was s de-fbedemcaratstedgainedtwentysixpercentsincei&£hde tbe republicanacceraioas ainoiiDted to oolv four per F- H. Rollins, of Coacord, nresidine. The tirat B,UL„, Democrat, Btoghamton.Ukak0utThe Governor of the State, Hon. khabod Oaodwin, fol-••Sa'j?."*55*^accountsofthe"rirV*inthedemo- cratic party , and basing thereupon certain auguries ofStbot^ha^dsif" "*srmniuhUhDemocrat.St.Lawrence. Democrat, Schenectady. Democrat,Tbmnkinal DemocraticPress,Wiyne. D-ni'icrat, Penn Van] Freeman'sJournal,Otopora.ofplowsandabug*quantityofvalnablelumber. Itis understood that the Are was communicated from a forge isedforheatingplowshares. Thebuildingaadmacbiae-rydoing,ofbisatafashionablewateringplacetoVirgi- nia. Itiwould appear that Martin has iremwallv Dractlaldsuccess for therepublicans ^ ^ **r«nes octostaace, however, hoS b * K«rt»u*. »*«bewould mingle mocraticparlywasnowrealintwain—tbe"rift York._ttrerlcinridge.Douglas,Register, Mobile.CO-vsrecncxT.News N ew Haven,Post, Hartford. rtELAWAAK.Ch.OIU.lA.Constitutionalist, Augusta.Dispatch, Augusta.Federal Union, MilledgeviUe.Journal, ladianopoli*.Cornier, l.oui-evtlle. Fvpress, Marysvilie, Flag, Paris. Democrat, Newcastle. Democrat, Richmond. (;a«ette, Georgetown. Herald, i'aducah. lecss, Harrodshurg.Statecuian, Lexington. Maudajd, Bowling Green. Yeoman, Frankfort.EIGHTH; DISTRICT or IMUANA.—The democracy of tbeEighth district of Indiana have nominated Samuel Wilson,of Crawfordsville, as their candidate for Congress. SomaR e v . J a c o b S . H a r d e n .j [From tbe Trenton True American, July 3 ]Thai terrible drama in the life of Jacob S. Harden is drawtog to a close. The curtain will st on drop on a shortAdvertiser, Lowell. Advccate, Salem. Democrat, Greenfield. Democrat,Eseexcounty. Post,Boston,«rA. m , Ht o r I, , 0 8 t w i l 1 ^ ^'aulisbeu at, or in the vicinityof, the b:g Timbers, Upper Arkansas, to be known as Fort•r, f. J-^lg : i r r i P o n o d ,b y 5°ur co^Pauies of mounted troops her cheeks, and wept bitterly. The same scene tookIOWA.Herald, Dubuqne. Sentinel, Alb in.fUUDiute.Chicago TimesChicagoHerald. I.V0UNA.Enquirer, Evansville.Sentinel, Indiana. KKMTUCKT.Democrat, Louisville.His judgment is that tbe capture was illegal, aad aba*KAMAS.Dispatch, Leavenworth.LOUISIANATrue Delta, New Orleans.•aim,Argus, Portland.Army Intelligence^ GENERAL ORDERS N O . 8 .Already tbe coffin and shroud of the condemned have ler—A motion was made, some days ago. b y exjudge been made. They will be taken to the county jail on themorning of the execution. Tbe coffin is of plain maho- Bronson and Mr. H. W. Robinson, on behalf of Law aad gany, with the usual inscription upon the lid Cunover, for an injunction to restrain the rutted Stales. . I ^ i T ? * ^ h i8 /a t h e r a n d mother„?i*tcr and brother, Marehal from levying on the goods, chattels, land* andMA^ACHrSKTW.Bay State. Lvnn.Young Harden rushed towards his aged mother, snd Fowler was a defaulter to the government at the time thobond was executed, and that such fact was known to t t eaucuHiA.vArgus, Ann Arbor.r ^ , « '«<'l-'rst cavalry, now on an expt>dition from them 0 S l v 0 n 8 m i , , u , s w i U bthis end « * « adopted toFort Fillmore will be rooccupied and garrisoned bv Brevet Major Sprague's company E. of the Eighth infau-H. Companies F. G. H and K. of the First cavalrv. areassigned to Fort Wise, and companies Cand K, of the Se- ror tbemurder of Parks and Casner, iu 1844, will be used conddragoonstoFortlarned. Tbeothercompsnyofin- forthe«ccttsion. Onehundredticketshavebeeuissued faotry for Fort Wise will be designated by the comiander principally to the members of the bar, physicians and' of the rcpartment of the West, and immediatelv put Inroute for the post. *^The following is a brief abstract of the cooclualoos of tha Court:—I think, therefore, in view of tbe nature of tbacontro- versy and tbe testimony that may be produced upon tb e one side snd the other in the fwosecutkm of the cn*\ it ia fit that the Court should direct an issue to be framed md submittedto*juryforthemtoinquire,andbytheirver- dict inform the Court whether the bond la the complaint mentioned was delivered to the obrteoes for tbeir use. or whether, sfter It was executed by the com plamacls (lawandOoaover) aadptoeedbvtbemavalanche, Memphis. Union, Nashville.Railroad. The dividends-on this stock were formerly paid out uttering a word, and slept soundly all night, and was I hare recently given to Messrs. Mailler &Quereao, ofWORTH GAROUVAYork,* power of attorney to enable them to receive oa my account. Will you oWige b y sending t o me direcUjr through tbe mail a statement o f the amount o f divideade so paid to them by yoe, also the price of stork at latestaortw CARoiiSA. South Carolinian, Columbia.TBNJ.ESSEX.Appeal, Memphis.city:—still enjoying a sweet slumber after daylight yesterday the firm of Mailler, Lord k Qnereau, Wall street, N ewTrue American, Shelby- ville.TIRGIMA.Register, Rockingham.Star, Lexington. Star, Morgantown. Valley Democrat. Vindicator, Staunton.News, Parkersburg. Jefforeonian, thai lottesville. Journal, Clark.Union, Wheeling.Constitution, Washington. Star, Washington.Rreckinridge men manifested themselves iu the conven- but eventful life. During tbe past week young Hardention with a minority report from the Committee on Reso- has been bushy engaged in writing "a sketch of hi3 life,lutions, but the Douglas men unceremoniously kicked and thefullparticularsconnected with the poisoning of bis wife. Harden, tbe condemned, is anxious that thetheir platform aside. same thould go for.h to the public, but for some cause Ton, DICK AND HARRT.—The three candidates for the known only to his father and intimate friends, thev haveGovernorship of Arkansas are Thomas Hubbard, Richard H. Johnson and Henry M. Rector.positively stated the confession shall not be published.The mounted troops will rei»air to their respective sta-t e s with the least practicable delay, artcMbey haven^cbre ' "^*g*iDSt the ho8tlto Kio*a«»adOo- wepublishedyesterday,wasyesterday morningarraign-/>*w Yoac.Atwus. AlhanrAdvertiser, LoclfporL Atlas, Ballston.Atlas, Wyoming. Budget, Troy. Banner, Lowville. Courier,Syracuse. Courier, Buffalo. Courier, Canton. Democrat, Auburn. ! Democrat, Fulton, Democrat, Genesee. Democrat, Herkimer.Democrat, Montgomery.Democrat, Skaneatelas. »th nit., aad was entirely consumed, with a heavy stock rTd^iZ! «7tV. ? * a f ** *>«* exteaordma-«ta!i*lftPgg»yJ**«»»x«r stemakKaal withaT StraSB SftSi.^M I * "?ul*c o**-0*TM,toutcnted himselfwltnMessrs.llK.«p. p.PfecitagentsoftheBluffCitv$17,000."Messrs.SharpkHamilton lbesr low is put Uowa at 115,000.Martinclasping his arms around her neck imprinted kisses upon•^Ipip*!;,•river. The police of both crttes were diligently* Republican, Platb-burg. and ao signs of sympathy wore felt for the perpe toeadeavortof to ferret eat tbe mystery, bat wltheesReporter, Gowanda.and desperate a deed as it was wwked and malicious,murder, and hope for mercy and forgiveness in God; buteither from ignorance or stubbornness, all entreatiesseemed to make little or no Impression upon him . Fear-ing that be might make an attempt upon his life, oranother desperate effort to escape, Sheriff Reed set awatch upon the prisoner Thursday night, and, strange as by yon; and 1suppose are so still. Tbe tost one drawn it qaay seem, he rolled into his bed at the usual hour with- by roe was that of January, 1*67.The Term Crni Prise Steamers. DECISION O r T B R CKTTBD STATES DISTKICT COCWT. [1remtheNewOrleansPicayune,JuneST.]BUCAPrTUXATION.Breckinridge. Dougla*. footed reck to tbe command of 'mark time," which off Vera Cruz, and libelled as prisee. It is a matter ofaccepted the invitation of the republicans of Michigan to breeghi forth in his shroud, aad assisted into the wagon which it was sustained.This lasted but asbc-rt time, and becoming seated upon Miramon did show Spanish colors during the attack, Saw the I scaffold, he assumed tbe old dull, morose ap- that the attacking force did not hoist aay. The Miramon pearance, which has characterized him ever since was designed for the service of tbe Miramon government,but was not deliverable until the terms of purchase werecomplied with. This bad not been done, and she bad not .been delivered, and was, consequently, private Spanish most x reproach to myself throughout my remaining life. change of heart, and hoped for I>ivine forgiveness. The property, for the restoration of which suit has been days' notice to put tbe money up, as I may be out of town. if auy one of tbe band of loyal patriots with whom I have rope was adjusted about his neck, the cap drawn over his. bi ought in tbe District Court here. The Judge notes thatNlsrellaneonaPoliticalIntelligence.WILLIAMH.SEWARD. ARrMORWITHsoForsDAtiojr.—TheChicagoDemocrat.How TOEPvMoca.Mic Joravaus STAND—Since the splitState House was resolved on. Tbe chairman of the meet- in the democratie party at Baltimore, and the! Inaugura- repjblicac, John Weutwftrth's paper, publishes the fol- and lifeless. ment; but the opposing government had beening (Hon. Thomas P. Treadwell) delivered an address, tion of two separate tickets, we have watched the demo- in which he took occasion to declare his sitisfietion that cratic journals with no little interest, in order to noteowing :-—We learn that Mr. Breckinridge has addressed a note to Judge Douglas, offering to withdraw from Uie contest^recognired >t>y the other great mant.me Pow- After banging exactly thirty minutes, the body was <rs. and the United States were bound in roodlowered into a walnut coffin, placed in a wagon and con- taitb to do no act having the semblance of inter'ering la veyed slowly back to the jail, followed by a large num- favor of one or the other of tbe parties claiming UiePoet i/fflce Department st the lime, whilst the defendants rf etookhisfatherbythehandhosaid."Goodbye,dear wireignorantofit.gaiU8t l b h0 tile K i o w a s ° "ComawhTM "Commercial.PortHuron. if"t'J'^t1ybull,liDKsa«fortsLarnedandWisewill, therespiteofthesentenceofdeathbythe(fovfernorwas"**trofS oin' .1erected , , u r ^ , b a ', r c s e n t eea«>n by the received by the Sheriff, who immediately communicatedShortly afterwards^ however/the official fotkliffence ofN Eed before Recorder Emerson, ind, on the charg?ofrt«s- i»gatd!threateningtheladywhosedaugbterhehadee- dnced was get t before ihe First District Court, andfaulter to the Post iniie* Department.Tbe ,lu«'ge concludes his apmion bv saving —It is ordered by this Onurt that ao sooa aa tbe eoniphunaiits, who apply tor aa irinnetton aa bete • net lorth in this case, shall give hoed »mi sufflcjaot security to the S2?i!?*f2^ he-appreredbytbe1uart,totheam*of *»0,000, ceXdiifoned for tbe performance of such lode- ment s s shall b e swarded b v this Court agates* the com plainsnt, that a w»M af injunction atate ia this case U* May proceedings oa the warrant of etetre** m tbe bill of complaint mentUsied altogether and aholly until the final order of this Court iu thatThefaroaf^frofFrfhurg,toSwttserhvad, tays Central Cammiitec «d" Switzerland presented at lucerne, a fewdsyssg...toMgr.Bovterl,chars*d'aflhireaoftbe Holys<e.addressestothePopefromtbeSwimpeople, bearing upwards uf lio,wjo signatures All tbe address** arecollectedinavolume,atthebackofwhichmU»title,'-Pi©DC..Helvetic(atholict,laflO,"aadonthecovera puiiitiug hioil, with a vignette, by Deaobwaaden. Tha ba>tomrhtmusictothiscityforupwardsoftwee- addressesaredrawnuptoUermau.Freacb.andItaliau, XpfSf' ••*te»iJ*1***mmZFmT^*ZZ and are preceded by a dedication Iu Latin, with aa alle-gorical beading, b y M. Snterito.Mtea Fanny young woman whom Martinel bgb rdora r U l , h b m i i M W K°K 1herew2e' ££!TZf°hul*»n'1s«•brotherstodetecthimand^^ T1-to< m c«f WKiowte&aTSSSYork, a power of attorney, to enable either of them to re- ceive dividends due to me.Will you oblige by sending to me, dl-ectly, through tbe mail, a statement of the amount of the dividends as pud to tbem by yon—also tbe present saarket value of the Stock. E L DE FOREST.We gave up large space in our paper yesterday to the opinion in full of Judge McCateb, ia tbe United States Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comwart not insured. 