 teal abor sad thettarMo)tbe Statsofrjelaa States **r*g It* fear By.., set only ooata* itsaaaateatlT aaauala laiasateof ibeoaea, iteo•ears te be a ilMalc of W1L_UUI M tastiMKioa ahooli be' faveraely reganted if BrapntlrattachedtoaclaaaelatheeevofC.ogre*sof km » MSB. "Wakisg apat^rtaMflM fa- eaedrv nlilninrii i lai.uiiniiMiil 'itw"ffie*ofaa«>or«r of to* Potomac water •octs" waeaboneaed aad its (tmm aavpm to taw '-cant esgtn—r of UMWawmgton %iwTbeprtaetpalable*keptsteadilyiavlewiamamu u tbe eattwatary of tola District has bran to SMk« It a Teapoortra* U.stiutioo; tat tab desirable end hu *<**MtataeaV TMexfortsaait of htrls* tta labor of tas diflereat Tnintnofannbaelnal la*arhas bat UM mechtaery, abof* ao4 grown* a *aot of a eaaaot>j swgssleat to adalt tha tetrodaxtoe of a variety of eaa*>yaaU8 of thts Mad. I aai of 0Mopioiea that emae otaege aigbt as made with advaatags, aad there*** reeosseve. UM caaetssMt of a ta» aeder what tie aoa bodtai eoavtcm BBt«rht be employed la greewg sad tmpmiag tha pabUe groancs srwsd tba areesaiI860, forHsvafiB, frombad airean petard over tats road »uflered%r ;*tly fromwill e*y>) its adTantagea % The wi rk * u also resaate.1 cpoa the El Paso and Fort1 The annual Message of the President, show- uaual interest by all sections, parties and eminently satisfactory Message.and revolvers, instead of sabres, are adduced enactment to settle these claims, and ti. is per- to support this recommendation. While all mitthesurveyofthisfineregiontoprojeed,gjTomarone,underaipecalcontract,laMaylast,witha homeandabroad.yew to tsp'ove vhe rr»or« aud collect and ore««rve wa 2.—The annual report of the Secretary cf the teraiunii-eroute,fromOjoEicaradoaadtaePlmoaTtl-lagea Cheworkhasbeenaniaittd,aa.adeUUedreport Treasury,givinganexhibitofthefinancesofthe Mespected at an early i>ayTba Treasury Report.The report of tbe Secretary of the Trea sury,transmittedtoCongressyesterday,winrhenationsof Europearemaking every effortresupply themselves with the most scientific Ourwholelandsystem,asst present conduct-e-meed. they bars fully deeerrrd it. In the aiministra- upon Mr. John Cochrane, of New York, rose, battion of its affairs Ihare beea ably advised aad cordially stress lead by thea, aad it sires me pleasure thus to bring to your aot we my apprecmtMn of tat rains of thsir remeee Verv rsspeotfnfly,) our •bediewt servant.To Ihe Pnssmawt. J. Tio**80S, dsarotary.MAnjratlumen.Tba slaw Yark Herald— afrdltlem •arepa.The Cuoard mall steamship Africa, Oaptala SheapcD, 38, there being 52 absentees and non-voters. Mr.wiil Mare this port ta-day for Liverpool.lbs a^ropsaa malls will olose ia this city thisaoralag at a quarter to ten o'clock.The BcaornA* EMTJOS or ran MaaAU> wall be publishedthat "many a matron throughout the South retires at night in dread of what may befall herself and her children before the morning." This is the great cause of danger to the Union; and how is it to be removed? This is the ques- tion; but it will be presently answered.gold. $3,250 636 26 in silver, and $312 000 in cents— and asks for ao appropriation of S100 000 to test the practicability ot a new invention for preventing abrasion, counterfeiting and de- terioration of United Stales coins. The report is a brief, clear, busiursg-like documentclass steam frigates of tbe Minnesota class, car- ments, and in most cases originate all theat alas a^sssfe a she saorniag. aiagle copleti, la wrap- Alabama the disunion movement is said to be fars, atssatta. steadily progressing and the State Convention lbs saatsaM sf ths taaoraAa torncm or ms Hmuix will be largely in favor of separate State action. VBl smablas ths sews reoeired by aaii and telegraph at The Grand Jury of Montgomery, Alabama, re-trouble and hostility which characterize oar frontier regions. A curious instance of toe pertinacity with which anti-slavery fanatics pursue their calling is furnished in tbe con- dition of the Cherokee tribe, who ate repre- sented to be in a stole of perpetual strife and civil dissension, so much so as to render necessary tbe existence of a secret associatioB among them—a kind of red skin vigilance com mittee—owing to tbe meddling of tbe whiteships. It also recommends tbe introduction ofscrew propellers into the side-wheel steamersot the first class—tbe Susquehanna, tbe Sara nation. Another remarkable evidence cf thecao and the Powhatan. The Minnesota is pro inutility, not to say mischief, of this class oftaa senoe during tha prsrioaa weak, sad ap to the hour atcently presented the Union as a nuisance. The Mississippi Legislature, before its adjournment onThe Message takes the just ground that theelection of Mr. Lincoln, in itself, involves noprovocation for disunion, and that the South, The very brief report of the Secretary of nection with our Bailing frigates and sleops-of-Omtaa HalLsa, ha will prove himself fully capable of mastering thedlaValtas with which this play abounds, sspeotaliywhat recited by s single person. It Is ao ordmary task, sidered sufficient.To judge by Mr Taslstrol former saeosas-but it is belived that the application will not be the government of the Union." Secession Mr.FAIX or A ISIDUI AT Nswrows Caxsz, L. L—Yesterdaythe North to provide it." Speaking of the agita- Mr. Buchac A next contends that the federal self, has been carried on with the Kiowas andthe almost total failure of the crop?,temporised bath, and a aot very agreeable dunking. Theaosiaaat at said to have beea oaosed by the breaking ofthechainssupportingthebridge. Therepairswerecompleted by evening so as to admit of carriages passing ture of the compact of government into which the over Thenamesofthatwommwerenotascertained,them up on demand or hold them at all hazards? seven hundred and fifty miles, and prosecuted He says:—"It is net believed that any attempt the campaign against the powerful Navajo**willbemadetoexpel theUnitedStatesfrom with entire success. ThePa-Utea,aboutCar- thispropertybyforce;butifinthis I should son Valley, became so great a nuisanceA large portion of tbe report is devoted to astatementoftbemovementsoftbedifferent 'orwas5.638,andSICcaveatswerefiled.bat the monument which was in the track belonged to s Mr.ekeord, *United States entered implies the right to secedefromtheUnionwhichitformed,***shouldtheNorthern States refuse either to give the South new the forte has received orders to act strictly on the people took the matter into theirsecuritiesortoreinstituU-theoldones."Inthe thedefensive. Insuchacontingencythere- ownbands,organizedforcesandcompletelyrouted the Indians, the United States troopsCoamoa Puus—Part 1—Nos ttSei, »ie3 33.M laid. Part*-ti«« lis SB1S Sttt. MO -JSl, » i , nu't l » , I1H, tOm, tm, 1773, mW, a**, .184. Arrivals and Dapartares.ABBXTAL8.Thus, with this osse of secession on the part renewed their depredations upon settlers and slave trade can be effectually broken u p - either little to said, further than the expression of saBr^•\Vp t Bahaar,Voorbm aadTm thea«rLmcoto and Hamlm, for Present and Vice Presi- dent of the United States.Utters from Zanzibar, received at Salem. Mass. s t a t e t h a t t h e s h i p S u n n y S o u t h , w i t h 6 4 6 s l a v e sAnd we fully concur that some such constitu- efficiency of the army are various. It is sug-Jaaaranrn-aTn Molblaa, Mm M w a r n h e a d . O B o e » - a * a I t 1 a l a S mh e e s e e ^ e e r a r a s a a wtional remedy is demanded by the evil of the d a y . L e t t h i s m o v e m e n t b e I n i t i a t e d , a n d l e tgested that Congress take charge of the wagonr o a d f r o m F c r t W a l l a - W a l l a , o n t h e O r e g o n , t oThe African slave trade to referred to st length, showing the number of slavers captared and the rjegroes rescued and returned to AfricaboaSreaJ;<7 Word«arfp ab«•• M aa>~a»d:K ra>vk. r^%i**: mm « - -<n.t oh oreturned toLiberia, o f whom,l^" i n f MBAA, f eUritSJI IBi [Mil ianiiC. *.-.-..a*TOTtensi.cr'wi. thewascleared A. - * . i.b—W«k*l.^.», « «,«d » .i*A, Wit tlii , jjl ftjitsrttfici! I ties.btlrgsolitary aidakne,tutaiieia ihecold,i.:Uutf*fcjuiia:ouitLy-am-2liIJk±ezLa*1r. B Baaar. aaedCea#a,mNEW YORK HERALD. i i i n v t ,0* VOLtOH AKDBASSiff fit. . aeesavrame/SVur»toaa*jert*/ Sat ChaeMmf. tett to eacfedisteamer toneededat P a -therestowrabto. hat, what to more satisfactory, a*. giesslve retrenchments, and that B^twittotnas" tog tbe increase made by Congress in ttoaa* of too <•facers ot the navy. Tali result k % best reply tost can be given to ths charts <*-*<V*r»*» £mm<mJW Ulit* mmd &«<•<««*•opposition. Let aa hope that, under the at ministration of "Old A bo/' we shall have as equally satiafacory oxatbit on the part of Mr.til*nlh paid faronthevote. The blicao and fire de- mocmtic,Pourofa*>w«|£oTM*dfortheJapanese bill bBTB Wam tistBlliffl. Republican lots two inku Sro'jfoTjaardrequiredof theapplicants foradmifance,and ths only question about the matter seemsto be wbettaw the standard of proficiency should Secretary or the Interior, which presents a very_.J^sawa|ai r*it#r^ Ttjtcttu eeaaea»0BiMwi.:!the Board. J R e new Board of Aldemen willVatAJSUWDtEirW THIS ITKKIKO ejXBLO* fUaDn. standway.-ILwsstm.•aJtOBI,la. 339 stand daaBwratic thirteen,republican four. Tha, createsuohmassesof destitute and deeper-at? returns for Coonci men are so meagre that we are men as may pat in peril the pesos of manybe raised or the course extended.The Secretary insists that the array should06 provided with the very best weapons, aad asks the repeal of the law against the employ- ment of p tented inventions. The Secretary ofinterestingaccountaftbeinternal conditionof the oouatry.The care of the public domain is the • a important branch of the duty devolving on tbt head of this department Ths whole are*HOOUTT ft ilAMFBBLi'S m!tBTBKL8, Klblne 8a!fX» Sroadway.-BTHiortAS Bonos, OABMBB, Bvauaaoaa, Ac -landmarks for action. Now let our Union men, al3K<J for orn in bulk and bags, and 12,'{1 a 181 North and South, come up to the work of a reit-parttnent.The report asks for $50 000 for experimentstog the condition of the affairs of the nation atclassesottheAmerican people.As the closing regular exhibit of Mr. Bucbanan's administration, we bad expected agave way to Mr. Boteler, of Virginia, who movedas sn amendment that so much of the Message asNEW YORK HERAiD, ' W E D A A Y ,DECEMBER 5, 1860.-TRIPLK ^HEET.mayerawf sand. The day wi T^coknsaroNDKirrsn, «••*<"'•« «yy one, and thi-t businessaffairs,aswehavenwversufferedhere-tofore. Thebeginningofthisrevulsionisnow upon us, aad daring this winter we fear that the suspensions of manufacturing establish ments and the general loss of employment will"VOLVXJTBenat UHeUrd /mm may aaw-fcr ef At weraVy «wai flsty MaVrVfla* •illat nodoubthadsomea n fust- mawemwaiaa. WtdonoiAldermen elected BIBfur the detain of the history of the p-»oiten-tbvy darag tha year aad lis present ooadittao,I refer ro« to the aaaoal report of the Boardaflaeaectnn:aadwardea Iapsrorethesagjwettoe.ofthe hoard, U*ei MOMprovision ohosJd <M aede for taa «aU*aCXt THIATBE, Broadway.-ateon. Hrro- common and medina grades, Wheat was baavy, with South W e suppose this mtans impractioabl**aoWa»T rHhATEa Vowerr -flrauaaa ft nocw'i r Taosra. Afternoon aad BTSBtng.freights, aad the low rates of starling exchange, floor in Congrese, satisfies neither the North nor in* washeavysadBrtossttvoredpurchaseri,evptmallyforpttaab**mt*praos*rawanescapefroa theooatodTOf thecOoMB, i n also tor the maftemeaaor of aiding aad abeumg ao escape.as aa actoiive to good oocdoot tt slight be proper topro-tide for th« payment to eaoa ceavici wbo serves oatfan term of sentence without aay lasuborolnati • or in-frerimno*thrrolesatUseprtaoa,oraOOMJIpereentom, Irtnlag-rvniaa—WatauoioHAU.~Ot7HaCiiai.orOxsot, cession, Psfk wss ia some better request, snobareactionfortheUnion,inCongress,andto at bis dlseb*/ro, upon the ralae of the Jswr he tm perStates. Of this vast tract, 16,385,361 acres kavsbeen proclaimed for sale during the last fiscal fur if the remark be true that all patented in year and up to September 30 of tae present year,refcrrsd to a select committee of one from each vile insurrections in the South, from the "vaguenotions of freedom" which the slaves have im-may meet tbe lawful demands upon itof steam power too sailingbriga, sloops aad farmers. In order to cultivate their habits, it frigates. They think, however, that it may be is earnestly recommended by the Secretary of advantageously introduced into tbe ships of tbe Interior that tbe Indians be located ia the line, with tbe exception of the Delaware, smsu tribal reservations, and presorted fromBoteler declined the position of chairman of the se- lect committee, to which he was by courtesy en- titled.Our reports from the South are interesting. Ialonger exists around the family altar," but the mint during the year—$23,447,283 35 in these vessels they can be converted into first white men who hang around the Indian settle-November ,she hailed whew captured.An application was made beforeland yesterday, in CemmbstB, fcrinns in the case of vTUllagB Mpargued for some time. TbmJudge took tat papan and reserved idsdecision.South Carolina will come back to tn* familytableMeantime » e are admonished that this alter-native of aa amendment of the constitution, ori break up of the confederacy, will aarelybring its troubles upon the country. W e mayescape dissolution and a civil war; bat thepegsdlmrosof toe departmeBt tor the last tare, nscal years and of taa estimates tor theltoalThe city election yesterday te Mm, Ibrft disturbances whatever. WHioff without anythe interests atBfatost tba depredations of indtans, wbo oome down In large oaaoas from the British aad Rus- sian possessions.In regard to West Point, tbe report state* thatstake on the part of thepayers of the city, and with a over one hundred and twenty in less than one-half of sidential election, wolden tad taxteredrote of three years. In this interval of uncertainty,ciency required to enter the Academy. the extrsvaganoe and mtsmanagement that hats course bss been extended from four to fire been so frequently brought against It by (higood rer/*>rt, and w e should have been disap-The comnitsilon for nrreying ths boundary tines be- 3.—The annual report of the Secretary of War, pointed bad he failed to meet the sectional dis- tended review of the same his been inand effective weapons, it is certainly the worsted, meets with the entire approval of Secretary Thompson, and he discountenances tbe princi- ple of granting lands by donation in tofo.Among tbe most important and interesting branches of the Interior Department is ths bu- reau of Indian Affairs, regulating as it does oar relations with tbe red manon our frontlets. with whose care tbe government is charged, aad whose condition so often proves a source of trou-aonnuaiss country.be found in full elsewhere), and an ex ot policy to continue, with a misplaced econo-titles him to the approbation of the country. The extent Navy, showing the condition and movements of States BB bis position, the occasion and thetion ot the national balance sheet, and believe* that, were it not for the present panic, we woulior tae lines, all of whiea bare been ma aad marked, ex-cept StySvemilesen the Lie»oEtiacado,wbtcacoa'daotbeturreyed(ramphyaiealcaaaes,laabouteighthun-dredandtwenty-eaeaiVi,M1tw>g*aer^deatiwtlMofthe connuy mpnaiHl the coauilaion to seTere hardahip* taeoouetry expoIM priTationag report of the Ccmalwtooer. when eannleted, will Therrportoflhlt aucb UUreatiac lafdrmatioa rasoectinx there b cT oouatry named through, more par;icuJ»-iy of fhaedLlanoIstacado(etakel plain),andthevalleyor the Pecosrl-er»throoga whichapraeUealwagonroad was dtsoorered by the commission, from Delaware creek to aeton ChicoL'necr the act approred Mar 90. 1860, snthorixlsg asurrey or the boundary lints bet*aen tha Mrrltorlea of sage of the President was read before both houses theUottedSUMSandtheStateo.*Cabfbrnla,acoramti efCongress,andnotwithstandingthatasnowstorm sloe bas beea organised and directed to cooperate withsuch exeats aa might be selected by the authorities of the prevailed, the galleries were well filled with spec- State of CaJi'ornia Oeing to the great diatanoe from tators, who evinced the greatest interest theflak!of operations, ana the lateness in the seasonatwhichtheworkwascommenced,thedepartmentlanot in theproceedings.In theSenateMessrs. adrtard of the progress maoe; bat it is believed the Cliogman, of North Carolina, and Crit- party are now engaged in ascertaining and determiningtheinitialpoint,whichisattheintersectionofthethirty- tenden, of Kentucky, commented upon the fifth parallel of north latitude with the Colorado rrrer, Message, the former dissenting trout some of the ace in maktog an exploration of the country throughwhich the line will ma.Paring my connection with the Department of the In-President's views regarding the secession question,nently prosperous In all its material Interests," eleven minions of toe new loan yet to beraised, and also asks that Congress will give tothe CbJriqui, the Panama, the North Pacific are a remarkable instance of this, and of thsand the latter in defence of the Union. terior nothing banafforded me mo-e aatisfaetisa lhaa Ia the House, as soon as the MessageMr. Buchanan's first inquiry is: why is thin Union, the source of all these blessings, threatened withdestruction'.'Thecauseisathand. Itiaand Behrtngs Straits, and the San Francisco and sptituds of the red races for civilization ; for Chins exploring and surveying expeditions. although but ton years ago they were a wildthe naval service for the past twelve months. 5—The annual report of the Secretiry oftheInterior.C—The annual report of the Postmaster Gene-ral.And in the editorial columns may be found convenient synoptical references tutheabove men- tioned documents.ever,frombeing inanydegreedisappointed upon these essentials, we are delighted with the calm, patriotic, consistent and convincing views thereon of this admirable annual Meswithasurplus.Heproceedstosaythatasthe*Theannual reportottheSecretary ofthe Navy is a more than usually interesting docu- ment It embraces the results of the inquiry into the expediency of applying steam as a motivepowertooursailingshipsofwar;argu ments to favor of further increasing tbe navy, so as to enable it to meet the demands whichAt noon yesterday the anxiously looked for Mes-unable to (irs|tbe result at the hour at which weNorthern communities. And such are toe con- sequences, upon us and before us, ot the "irreMa. TASBKSO'S SBAKsraBuj RscnAiiom —The admirers the 30th ult., unanimously passed the Convention from said election, is in no immediate danger War details the operations of the army during war, and more particularly as to tbe expe- of Shskspars sad lovers of a chaste and correct rendering bill, the secession resolutions, and the bill author- of an; Northern aggressions through the action the past year, and recommends several me» diency of converting some of them into storeaf ths great dramatist, have in store a rich intellectual izing the appointment of Commissioners to co-ope-treat this evening Mr. Tasistro, wbo lias already rate with the other slavebolding States. Fromcharmed aa appreciative New York andienoo with his Charleston we learn that the pacific tone of thesxosUaat recitations from ths same author, will this President's Message had caused considerable sur- tive Slave law are justly complained of, and, ifevening recite ths great play of "The Merchant of prise. The Commandant of Fort Moultrie has ap- not redressed within the Union, will afford a or indirectly, to the secession movement. Venice, ' before the Mercantile Library Aasoetatioa, atof the general government But Northern nulii Mention acts and acts of resistance to the Fugi-sures in order to increase its efficiency. It suggests no increase in the numerical strength of our forces, and alludes in no way, direotlymissionaries—abolitiontem of slavery recognized in tbe Cherokeeplied to the War Department for reinforcements, sufficient cause for, 'revolutionary resistance to From the report, It appears that the armynounced not to be worth more repairs than tbote which she is at present receiving.The report earnestly advocates a gradual and permanent increase in the navy. It states, what we have frequently contended, that with a population of thirty millions, a coast of vast extent, both on tbe Atlantic and Pacific, apersons in tbe Indian reservations may be found inthefact that the Nez Peroee arethe moct advanced in civilization and Christianity of any tribe in their region of country, although for thirteen years they have not seen the face of a white teacher of religion.responded to, as the force already there is con-has been kept upon the same footing in point of Buchanan considers a revolutionary aot He numbers as last year, but has been constantly denies the doctrine of constitutional secession. upon a war footing and in active service. TheWe have received an interesting letter of Senator Hunter on the crisis, but, owing to the great de-, the rote fed at the Tre- ninety-flve thoa-agitation and reconstruction of parties and Northern opinion, we apprehend snob a pro* tration,inall our monetary, commercial aadyears. Tbe Committee of <>>n«ress appointedto investigate the propriety of this chants basnot yet reported. West Point suffers, in com-mon with almost all the leading educational Touoey 's rocceseor institotions of the country, from the l o o stand-go to piegfv^Thecottonmarket **• 1tt*«* yesterday, and saws son- preeeibk conflict," which is only to end wis*adeclineof\c tolo.perlb. Freightswereflrmer,and try. Mr.Buchanan baslaiddownther*quir*nworksbadly,especiallyintheQuartermaster's road companies. Therailroadinterestaloneshipments of grain ware freely asade for Liverpool at l i d .In April laei, u> expend a portion of the remaining tends is proper works for the collection and prostsrva- ti'>n of aa'rr. aad 1hare now the honor to report the estire ooeayietioii of ihia entlgraot roal. thd dual re po't of tBr SapertntaiCeat .3 daily e*pect»d.Theia)aoitnaomiUbleeuergywltbwhichthisworkbaafetvapr. gecuted, thr> ugh aevaral yeara, by tae daperiaieodei t, r<•'. cu thehitbesi cradl; uponhim. So «Woer coaio hare performed tbu ardnoua duty with mereabtnty aad fliclny to the go*ernnet>t His an --eeafoleffort* W ia>prere this great highway between the Mlt-attalppl va'lty »no the PaolOc elope, by ohanguag ita location frnm rugged and barren to more Inviting regluos, the public the following important 8tate papers:— important State paper will be read with un ccumiei d to tbe reader a careful perusal of thin even the cavalry will be armed with carbines win be my appreciated by the hardy emigtawts whoTRIPLE SHEET.Clour wa.-taken to l/adoa at 4s and wheat, in ship's bags, at 14v»d. To Glasgow 13,000 bnsieis peas were taken a; 14)44.of wear and tear, can we wonder, all thin*- considered, that it fails to meet the neces&itie* cf this day.present artillery can be rifle grooved, and need i.ot. t&ere-fore, be wasted; and recommends that tbe light troops should be armed wMi breechleadingarms. Thefacts that itisin-items w e find that 9,649.171 asres have beei surveyed and prepared for the market; ths surveys in Washington Territory, however barebeeninterrupted,fatconsequenceofsoa* dispute shout land claims on toe part of the Paget Sound Agricultural Company, and the Secrets*y recommends that the Snrveyor Gene- ral of toe Territory be authorised by <>p*TM»i•aw Yorh.Wednuday,Decernbar0,1860.Touchingiheregularoperationsoftoegen*The President s annual Message to Congress ral government in all its departments, and th» hunmL to send troops into the field ineffective-T b a NOTTS.In our columns this morning we spread beforeis before our readers. At this extraordinary ard alarming crisis In our political affairs thinpolicy of Mr. Buchanan on the tariff question, tbe affairs of Mexico, A c, we can only to-a*yly armed; that muzzle-loaded weapons must. pooDeror later be entirely superseded, and thatThe Prsslcenfs M«Si»gc—Trie State of the Valoa.tween i u territories of the CMWI dtatua and tex*a n»*e embracing a history of the movements of the army cords and dangers of the day with such argu my, to restrict our troeps to the old musketenrupkted in* fleld work, and the oommlaaloaer la now •Bf«e-*d upon and wtUsoon oomp ete UMoffloe workI aa gratldrd to stats that tba CoaaUaloaer has condnotMi tbu work with aa ability aad economy which enduring the past year.4.—The annual report of the Secretary of thecorporated In our money article. The Se?rements and recommendations for the preserva- tary commences with a statement of the ootid' «nd horse pistol. Even the Indians now pro-bat raouiras isnaanss versatility of talent to imitategasrardars so opposite as that with which tha "Merchantsf Ysatos" abounds; sad whan it is considered that Mr.fssatro rrcitas eattmly from memory, ths difficulty oftha bask will be psroeread to be enhanced. We hope He says:—"If there be a remedy for the catastrophe partners short of revolution; but this is a right active campaign, in which Captain Sturgis, ofi may bars a large audience. which now seems so imminent, it rests chiefly with which underlies all constitutions. tbe First Cavalry, especially distinguished himhundred millions, and a home trade not lessexcitement was caused atGreea- tion made by the anti-slavery party at the North, government has no authority to coerce a Camanchet, about the head waters of the Ar valuable, our present naval force is totally in- and it is urged upon Congress to makemand upon our columns by the President's Message and other political news, are compelled to omit it.The general government is not a rope of sand, but a great and powerful organization, con- templating no separation of any of its co-posts upon the Bio Grande, from Fort Fillmore to Fort Brown, have been occupied in order to hold the Camasche Indians in check, and anConsiderable suffering and distress is expe- navigating interest of five millions of tons, an rienced in portions of the Southern supertnhe says:—"The seeds thus sown have alreadyofthefailot'abridgeoverNewtowncreak,bywhien bornetheirbitterfruits,andwhocannowsaythat cion, in any event, is utterly impracticable. beenrepeatedlydefeated, but, being nomadicia and six horses, together with a truck and a heavy • the final result will not be found in the disruption -•womanadequate to the claims for protection made uponitbyourcitizensinallpartBoftheworld. The report deprecates the policy of suspend-eotat, WHlamsbarg sad places adjaceat,from a .agueseceding State into submission, and that coer kansss and Canadian rivers. The Indians havean appropriation for tbe relief of tfm Indians. With this exception tbe tribes ap- pear to b e generally to a very favorable and progressive condition. Nearly three millions ofof the Union?" Farther, he says:—"It is now al-What, then, is he to do in regard to South tribes, concentrate after each rout, and again Carolina? Her federal law officers having all renew the conflict, so that the troops are connarble monument, were all drowned—trnak, mwumentaad aU. The story turned out to be one similar to that ofthe three hack srowa, to wittily described by Pater about to secede from the Union. Four more of resigned, he, to the extent of their jurisdiction, stantlj naransed and kept in action. In New cumstances whatsoever. It states that, by the dollars, in cash and goods, have been dtetriba-most certain that one of the slaveholding States isPindar The track sad monument were not drowned, them lying near her will soon follow her ex- is estopped from doing anything. He may still Mexico the Indians have been very audacious. adoption of a uniform system of organization in ted among the Indians this year, and over twoi either ware the mat, seither ware tba torses. It • ample." With regard to the threat of co- at Charleston secure the collection of the fede- infesting the new settlements and carrying on •be latter, a great many abuses have been putmillions still remain in the Treasury of tbe ap propriation for their purposes.The affairs of tbe Patent Offloe claim no little snare of interest, as they exhibit the progress of invention throughout the country. The income fortbepresentyearwas$197,64*,andtheex- penditure $189,672- showing s surplus of 17.970. The whole number of patents appliedtrie that the bridge did fall, bat nil the live stock wereAshed out, with the nary serious oasnalty of the breakingof oat man's leg la two places The other man and theqsadrupeds experienced ao Inconvenience beyond aa ex improbable, even impossible, " what sort of Union States, placed in his charge. Is he to give Utah to the seat of war, a distance of aboutan era to and greater economy and efficiency Fecund. The Naval Academy Mr. Toucey re- ports to be in admirable condition. He advisee a change in the law prohibiting the purchase of patented articles for the navy, inasmuch as it worksprejudiciallytoitsinterestercing by force the seceding States, he says:— ral revenue from foreign imports; but there an intermittent but vexatious campaign. "Suppose they coidd succeed," which he regards as are the federal forte, the property of the United Troops were taken by foroed marches fromwould that be which could only maintain itself by dragging along after it five or more of its members incaptivityandchains?" Further—"Theveryna-OastrtCalamaar—TataDay.u » TM WTAWB DtwTSJCT Ooi at - N o n 8J, 3S, 34, 80, 36 event of secession he advises Virginia to go with sponsibility for consequences would rightfully>ear. Theoperationsofthevessels-ofwaren-ed for seven years from tbe expiration of theLoanovraatv am Uvmtroot. maaaahlu Palestine, rtom on board, had been captured by her Britannic South Carolina quietly go out,if she will not Fort Benton, on tbe Missouri river. In order Purtaad Ma aawesd Mama JoSmMatoaaad w» Oahmmr Pmasal, B Bssa-at Poraaoeahj *>arowa.Brt.<r>t «efa» •; - t vMajesty's ship Brink, ia the vicinity of Uozmmbiqoe, and sent to Mauritius. The Sunny Southresoain in the Caion, and in the event of a new treaty of peace between the North andUntitled Documentthe Smth. we may rest assured that, tired ofto test the value of this route, three hundred men were sent through, aad made the trip in five mouths. In epite of many disadvantages andappear thatcreatures were delivered to the Cotoai»«oawas built in thi* city inl8.it by the late George F*"<"».-, <OHI woby a line of railroad adapted to commercial purposes; that the coal found there to of ex Oellent quality and the supply Inexhaustible.It Will lift u#n hraata'arr**!*<->*'**•»a-wSooieryh .wever. a o©uside»rebto namber stod before —„V;», tk,/,» Tk«Q*<*r***.rvrSfSTSt°.tilflprove to be mistaken, the officer in command ofto thesettlers during thesummer thatgaged in watching for slavers are also detailed. first term.,J^SJ^~^STl}lr^*% »-0»«r «W Termini. the Sooth, and shows the advantage of so doing, rest upon the heads of the assailants." But coming up just in time to take part in the sair- Whilst bearing bis testimony to the good effects Tbe Pension Offloe is briefly referred to islie would prefer to see the South remain in the the power to coerce a delinquent State backml, IM?, i i i '1TU'lflw*1973' l004' Union, if their rights were guaranteed, and says.— into the Union was tried and rejected in the miahes and share the honors of the victory. I which have resulted from the activity of our tbe report There were eleven thousand peaSrraaxa Qocnr—Partl—Noa 037 534,, - ,,n 551 « * 7 6 T , » , S 8 1 , a * 3 , HAS 7 « T . s o f t , e a j , » * 1 0 * 1 1 0 1 1 Part B--4djMra*d 10 Thursday''Myownopinionisthatthenon-slaveholdingStates w o u l d d o w i s e l y t o g i v e t h a t s e c u r i t y , a n d t h u s p r e - serve union and peace;" and if refuted, he feltConvention forming the constitution, go thatthe only remedy for secession is reconciliation.Since ths troops havebeen withdrawn from cruisers,theSecretarystatesittobebisconvic- eionerspaidoff,atanexpense of about amil-KTt.ttOe, 1763, 2t47,B8T, 2MB, J3S0 2»1, 21M W sure "a part of the Conthern States will secede." of South Carolina in the foreground, Mr. Bu emigrants, and the Secretary promises that by the enforcement by Great Britain of her treaty opinion that, judging from the results of scien-processes incident to any ohange of tb« consti-tution will inquire a period of at least two or la consequence of the low standard of profi-flaed to about tto bales, closing OB the basis of 10c for the down all of slavery.middling uplands. Owing w tba increased flrmnas la It appears that this Mewage of M>. Buchanan. tbe Navy also seeks for this repeal. The law, of the public lands covers an extant of ovawhile endeavoring to guard against private fourteen hundred millions of sores, or toa. »>peculationat thegovernment expense,seems thirds ofthe entire territory of the Unitestooverlook thefact that very few,if any,in- LAUBA I g o m THlATBa. STa SM Sroadway.- derable shipments abroad were being mane on ista Bat we still hope that the patriotic vi«ws veotiob* are valuable except those patented;fair sales, without change of moment to prices Consi- Northern republicans and Southern dteunlon-account of holders. Cora was heavy and BOWkKi THaVATBB. Bowarr.—Afterno^u and cheaper, with rather more doing at ihe eon-and suggestions of the President will cre-tteand of these 3 977.619 sores have been sold tor ,cash,bringinginarevenueof$2,021,425. Over bat,asamatterot necessity,the government twelvemillionsofacreshavebeendisposedofBAJUrUirSAJtimiOAlTBIUSIDM,Broadway.-Dayand andfirmformessatBIO76,whileprimewaslower,and•TSO Cma*n«-UT;«a Osaian- sold st BIO SS a 910 60 Sugars were heavy. with sal. s men of all parties, as will be sufficient to arrestAfter Baking mj tasi awiual report, In wfaiefa Istated that the work on the Fort Kearney, 8octaPare sad Honey Lake road might be regwded SBT ABTB' HUmrBKLB, MeehaciiW Hall, tfl BroadwiT. at p, t. Of «JM bags Rio onflee oflered by auction. 2,Mt to Northern abolitionism, and to save the coun- even by the inventors themselves. This law atcompate*:,Ibecameaet<>Qad•>!iheinadVqaate»oo SvauantrsaBoms,DASoas,fto.-UaasUr.plyofwateralongthatportionortheroutelytagoeie/eeoLwane'e MeMtova, oo the Hiunb 4at river, and thewestern Urmi^ae, near Booey Lake valley, and ihat tbastork aat families of the rant ana-Mr of emigrant* vbo asaauiros BAaasa^. ^ ^ ^ _ ^required to satisfy the outstanding military this drflf.f ocy I gave instructions to the gupertnloadeat, OABTKawoBV sTOBlO BALL. BS Broadway.-Boaas for «beat,m bulk aad ship's bags, and Boor at 8s 61 vision ot tbe constitution. After seventy year* in rifled cannon; suggests that much of the bounty land warranto. In addition to theselora>«dwhUilcroonedwltfalntuwalls. WAUOS MUMaltogether in that time, either for ossh or for bounty lands, swamp lands and grants to rail-absorbedovertwomillionssadshalfofa;re».Something over eight millions of acres will b«of 434hhda, mostly for reflotag, at *^o . and 114 boxes the work of Southern disunion, to put an en ' hhdaweresoldst18\'ca14c,average1067c,showing•s left only those which are deemed uselessthe North and to the South, among Uuion lovingthat all valuable inventions are patented; sotion and perpetuation of the Union of thesepublic expectations demanded. So far,how- come outst theendof the present fi«caJ year Ths »avy Report or Secretary Toacejr.sage.beet, good as its predecessors have been, each in its BdaptBtidn to the requirements of the time.The last from Mr.Buchanan, itisbisThe first and absorbing topic discussed in the fact that the receipts of the Treasurytionbyourcitizens abroad; observationson tbetribesarecoming rapidlyintoa stateofpanic has Dot been created by any ordinarycauses, itisimpossible tosaywhat will beit-e>ffects Ht alludes particularly to the fact tha'thecountry neverwsssorichasitisnow,andtbet the financial pressure has been tbe resultof the intrigues of fanatic*1 and pestiferous po-ble and expense.tribesis represented as very favorable,wita tbe exception of thshostile bands in NewMex- ico and that region, of which the article on theautborry to issue limited amounts of Treasuryinreferencetotbefirstofthesesubjects, andbarbaroustribeofhunters,morethanhalfrence of the Northern people with the question vice require i t Tbe Secretary also atks for of Officers, appointed in pursuance of the neighbors. They have abandoned their erraticofslbreryln the Southern States." But The authority to issue ten millions in Trensury provision in the Naval Appropriation act life, adopted the Christian religion in many relates to the ptrllous condition of the country be in>B4diate peril comes from the danger of ser notes at once, in crder that the government of iMiO. is unfavorable to the introduction cases, and nave become industrioas and expertState. A discussion ensued, during which severalmembers from the Southern States freely gave ut- bibed under this incessant Northern anti sla-terance to disunion sentiments. Finally Mr. Bote- very agitation. Henoe it appears that amongler's proposition was adopted by a vote of lto to our Southern brethren "a sense of security no shall be increased. He gives the coinage ot now too defective to admit of it. By razeeing the mischievous interference of that class ofThe Secretary recommends that steamer^ shall be substituted for sail vessels in the re venue service, aDd that the pay of tbe officer'Tbe Report of tbe Secretary of War.W a s h i n g t o n T e r r i t o r y , t h e S n a k e I n d i a n s h a v e t i o n t h a t t h e r e a r e o n l y t w o w a y s i n w h i c h t h elion of dollars. Relative to agriculture batthese savages shall be punished as they de-stipulations with Spain, or by tbe annexationThe Now York Electoral College met in the cbanan still thinks that the Union may boCapitol at Albany yesterday, and organized by saved through an explanatory amendment of serve. From these brief references to tbe In-choosing ex-Governor King as President, and the constitution, embracing these concessions to dian difficulties the Secretary draws the in- which we apprehend there will be but few become "tbe granary of tbe world.'Messrs. Sheldon and Parker for Secretaries, andthen adjourned till this morning. Quite a numberof spectators were present to witness the openingthe South, viz.: 1. A n express recognition of the rights of property in slaves, 2. The recog-ference that tbe superintendence of these tribes should be restored to the War Department, urging that it is impossible to control them ex-dissentients on this side of the AtlanticThere bavc been so many contradictory ru-The report states that tbe national census has progressed so far that full returns of popula-ceremonies. Tha College will to-day, ia accord- nition of this right In aU the Territories duringmors regarding tbe results of the Chiriqui tion aad statistics will be ready for presentsexploring expedition, that its reports to go- tion to tbe existing Congress, and that they win good faith in the restoration of fugitive slaves. The measures recommended to Increase the vernment are naturally looked for with a good show a meet enoouraging inoreaee.bay. M f. L 9 fta> ance with the pledge, of i t 8 members, vote for their territorial condition; and, 3. Universal cept by military power.Indians quiet. Ex plorations for wagon routes have also been made about the Colorado reglon. A soodget Sound ia order to protect the cosit effected under Its present head aot only era.ventions are not valuable, it is almost certainvide themselves with better arms.liticians Tbe attention of Congress is called to are continually being made on it for protec- War report speaks more particularly. Most ofthis Message is, of course, the revolutionary the benefits that have resulted from the adop- civilization, abandoning the customs, super- have already been diminished to a dan-crisis in our political affairs, which ban gerous degree by tbe exit ting state of things <ion of a uniform system of organization in stitions and habits ef tbe savage, sad assumingfollowed BO quickly the late Presidential Tbe Secretary recommends that Treasuryournavyyards;asummaryoftheoperations tbedress,mannersandemploymentsofthetriumph of our Northern anti-slavery of our crukers in the capture of slavers during white man. notes, secured by pledge of the publicrepublican party. While "the country is emi- lands, shall be substituted for stock in tbe the past year, and statements of the results of Tbe Dacotah or Sioux Indians, of Minnesotathe marked anility aad Odellty of Ita bureau officers, sadthetaMlilgenceaadgeneragoodconductofitscorpsof wasread,Mr.Sherman moved the usualclerks. They bar* pneseeeen mr CMOdenoe, and by thauduetry,integrityaadaaaeeofjaaticewhichharebeaareferencetotheCommitteeoftheWhole.There-"thelongcontinuedandintemperateinterfe-coteswhentbeexigenciesofthepublicser tbereportstatesthattheopinionoftheBoardofthemhaveassumedthedressoftheirwhitsthe President and Secretory of the Treasuryrv iog mixed batteries of eight and nine inch guns, forty in number. The cost of tbe con- version of the eight line of-battle ships suitable for the purpose would be about $383,000, and when thus altered they will be efficient ships-of- war of full steam power. The report em- bodies several additional suggestions in con-annual import and export trade of six or seventendency, owing to a long drought anding repairs in the navy yards under any cir-Mjuadrons on foreign stations during the past There were 3,896 patents issued, and 28 extend-tific investigations in this branch of internal of Cuba to the United States— conclusions from improvement, the United States are detuned todeal of interest. Secretory Toucey states thatthese reports show that tbe harbors on bothsides of the Isthmus of Chiriqui are unsur-passed; that in the opinion of Lieut. Morton at the expense of the government It weald it is entirely practicable to connect the harborsy*ar easingJane, ISfit, thathave b e *Oar Iaieraal ABraIraWo publish today the atnnal report of tbtthat the land may be brought into market.about2 / 0 0 oftheseunfbrtonsmThe present position of theseparsons—withtbe sys- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistorThe Secretary says that the oa*SBgey.com 