 Three Hundred u * Tkuty DeftarstoGoWReceiied.flews tf the B^lish Press on the ABerteM Crisis,as sher rosae, (the Alfred, at- iby the)ladies and fessJesaea m waniag, reoeived at the entrance, and conducted her Im-perial Majesty to the oonider. The Duke of Cambridge,Prtnos Louie of Hesse, Earl Graattts, the Duke ofNeweesttosim VhKount Ilttaemon were present. IkeEmpress remained to, partake of lenoheon with her Majee-Bemhbmeaey. eUaemaHe netted that.Jss (thety. The Peebles of Kent and the Prinoo and Priacom ofLemingen arrived from Frogmore at about half past two streets. There are other reasons, however, for its beingought to be settled between Dr. Aylotto and tho membersIt was stated that many of the prisoners had been of the faculty. Moreover, they maintain that Professor Dr. Aylette's friends in the puMioatmn ef matters which 'ito'clock. Shortly after the Empress took leave of theQueen, and r o l w e d to Lsndcn The Prtaos Consort ac- deration crowds of settlers too companied the Emprcns to Windsor station On her re- little inclined to submit to theterritories of the re-possess negroes, andtition of slave labor, of Msssachusctts through its anti-slavery legislation.should have,been kept perfectly private, oasaamlbaf wim the following resohittuns>—turn the la good TheJourney> We areEmpress., her health, Majesty to j. syinpathwtie only land to Won*of theThe Homestead bill i s ,to be la good health, but not f outhesa influence; but then to receive the rasasuaosshBjjSjlthe 3d test, thus speaks of ber Majesty'sof the English nation oaa the hands between the two Ba-in a striking manner how the common boards the violent and thoughtlosedoua not (ear tothe court are much more over- cne State are injured by the public acta of another.The resolutions were adopted amidst the | taueiasm, and without a stogie diusaatte among the friends of Dr. Aytotte. Oni of the North Atlantic Teligraph stpeditioaleaped ferward with the utmost alacrity to sign the rese- luiiocs, and to the course of an hour aeariy all present had sltarhfd ihilr rigwrtom to thr itrtwsssBt ssatseatag the raculty.The meeting termtoated thus quietly, without aay de- sacrtstraitnaoftthepartofthose tftherewereaay—wae still sided with Dr. Aylette.iof the project for carrying a Una ef tatograph frun Europe to America, via Faroe, Instead l j | f Green- land,areprovingfavorable. TheoceanHBftS^Bmtedwas Moertaated to be Inevery respect salontoted9*1 tfte re- twpuonofa telegraph cable, and it was 'Mfjpthst thehands of the South, and ha\ e so deeply resented the fa- mous Bred Pcott decision, which declared slavery legal in ail dependeaeits of the Union, that their anxiety to tam- perwithoneofthemoststableinstitutionsof thecoun- try, however lamentable, is not very astonishing. The lust of the measures which they pledge themselves toto the Legislature the passing of a law to empower the Governor to "seise such amount of the money or proper- ty of such offending or faithless State which may be fwundwithinthelimitsorthisStateasmayheamply sufficient fully to indemutfy"—the Governor to through- out rather redundant inferle—"such citizen of this State who may have been n • f g o f his proprty by the Tailuroconvey a s invitntion to Garibaldi to visit England.- A practical soldier writes to the loud' >nTimes that somepartofthefortificationvoteshouldbeexpendedtothe construction of iron clad ships, mounting very heavy guns, to be stationed at our different porta.previously agreed upon. «.Shortly after nine o'clock yesterday morning Dr.Aylette, accompanied by his party, entered the college,notwithstandingtheprohibitivetotterwhich the facul-ty had seat haw, sad began to a boisterous style toOur reporter was reliably toformed that meute elicited at the meeting have so <afthaflrcsekeirlftate.ralty scheme of forming a naval reserve.Anae Radfleld, now a convict to Newgate, has act yetbeen reprieved, and the Sheriff will to-day formally an- nounce to her that the day of the execution to nxedfer December 94.orNaur Toss , Dec. 19,1990. f,Dse.l)which is now geiag on in the Americanthe gravest considerations, both to that | to the whole civilisod world. It i* difficult toa dissolution of the Union at ensw tf tawwmmatmn; yet it cannot be^ premonitory symptoms are appearing in I diathwtnaaa. We, looking from with-i Union a federation for the purpose of defy-amie*. and not uncommonly pushing that desanoe"beyond the verge of international courtesy;owner's property to his stove within its limits. excose for him is, that he is probably writing a Uon" message, and knows that b i s counselsThe onlyCrisis.beenusedbythe facultyof theDmweseefetWtheevidenceandtheearnestofnationaltriedtoprotectMexicoandtheCentralAmerican r external nations. But that is a very States from filibustering invasion. They assure us—I viewer the Union in its relation to its component and this Is the most interesting of their professionsonce be declared " without the protection ef the laws of this State," and it would rest with the Governor to re- store them to such protection when their respective go- vernments should have met the views of the Southern party.After this, even the mad scheme of prohibiting trade with the abolitionist States, by discriminating duties in favor of those whose legtototlon is more satisfactory, seems quite natural. It is recommendod that a differen- tial duty of twenty five per cent shall be laid on the proI dixtiors of every State which neglects to carry out the principles of the Fugitive Slave law, and a system of in- quisition to to be establiahed in order to discover what amount of Northern goose is yearly sold in the State. If these remedies fail, the Governor recommends seces-or siege on the Abrussi immediately upon receiving in- formation of the same.Weekly Report ofDesvitsaIn the City and County of New York, from the 9th day of December to the 16th day or December. 18*0.Men, 7 6 ; women, 97 ; boys. 1 0 2 ; girls, 99—Total, 372.Adults, 172j children, 290; males, ITT; females,saeeJtba It is nothave pointed at it to JgmLMcution of nrossstanlf W $pahl''siaits4'a^^sdJeBaRusseH at the Foreign Oflass. five religious societieswere represented, including the Scottish ReformationSociety. Lor Stratford De Redclifle totrodnced the de- but thestudents,asa body,endorsed itheartilyasatrue, putation. Amemorandum was read showing the perse- fair aad tmvarnished statement ef the<i••tr' I Idtoliked by the men who lead the South, for its obvioustendency is to bring into theDraper did not prefer aay charges sgstaet his subordi- nate. Dr. Aylette; that to his capacity cf President ef the faculty, and with a watchful eye to the interests of theNEr^HK»*tt!r7&lfci>^^^•few^iiMto^iite.^11usineas than their Southern col ircircuits are longerand more laborious. , oaa only be set right by the appointmentIt is the duty of Georgia, therefore, whenever one of her citixens, no matter how humble, is robbed of his property, to demand prompt compensation, andaf the faculty, from the conviction that they acted pre-cipitately, and that they were altogether in the wrong.It is said that act more thaa about twenty of the Southernstudents still ding to Dr. Aylette, and that it Is doubtful be printed and delivered to Prof. Draper. Thai if even half that number will depart for home to-day, a sindirectly aimed a tither measure* liket* republican President,Resolved, That from the evidence iPref• Draper was jastiaebto ia propounding"If our merchant goes thereto trade, and carries with himhisskveasabody servant (which he has as much natural right to do as a citizen of Massachusetts has to carry hi* baggage with him when he travels throughfrom England that the >mruey of thewith the sole view of improving ern and Southern JHgag^ppr equal in numburs; urges the Governor to seek a remedy, and he finds it In, despite .ul the precaution* of her but as the ItefK jpsTTW^ied in population and tntenuuiotial law. "All write!s on government" sc- her toeognita, a real ovation. Thase wealth mush fseWSj than the South, the North- quiesce in the justice of reprisals when the citizens of.ear maa>a pwhichwaswcrthsought far by -To rend m tb( Motiments orgassed power over^theU ttpoUr<sterity. beibe MewafooTGovernor lure ofOftb*lotUMheight to whichof the greatto Bow eagerlytomosMrous notion haree» wei|peeisii IIAJTafmthebeaeatef take owe to toclude in it EBrowav»«icLap.ista- _ wham the mm BSKortoasays that the New ^ t a f * * * ssarket hadwere ah*tect Sftch other bystock ofarc confused. Onewithstanding air thethat the range was from 100 to 107, and another thatMr.out his tickets.^^a3BaS SIT. jleDr BrdsWamW amij'mlpP'sf* i]vhich, to far at they go, artand enfeeble the dove interett. ltW&opoted, far example, Georgia), the laws of that State take from him his pro- to remodel the Suwtmt Chnwtefwmmted 3tatm by iacreo*- perty and r efm-e to permit him to bring it with him when vng the number if ^••^•emiSJhls9pH present the North- he returns to bis home.." The infamy of such conductin default, "to make reprisals, by seising Ike pro- obtain the enlargement of the court in Mr. Lincoln's perty of the offending State or nation wherever it time, with the view, of course, of securing a Northern is to be found." The law of nations does not confine the majority on the bench. They have so often accused this injured State to the seisure of the public prooerty of thesubsssjceBtly agreed that all present should i signatures to the reeohtttons, aad that tljudges, and the planof the republicans hi tostrive Horto one which the more moderate anti-slaveryooaat of Oresslssri offered sitoations which precluded the party has always had at heart This Is the prohibi- cf such faithless State tojpicharge its constitutional obii-discuss the Hsmaxo report, sad also the course that"he London Timet publishes an important address, issued ought to be pursued. One gentleman announced the re- of many of the Southern stadeats whoAHvptJjT • • * . • > • • • • • * • • • • • ODropsy to the head-. Beact, disease of., . 9 Heart,diseaseofvalvular 1 Marasmus, adult 4 Marasmus, infantile.... 19stop, and was vetoed by Mr. Buchanan; and so the ques- promptly to execute the slaves who should have depart- Cirrhosis or the liwr ....ble twenties would arise, wholly irrespective of the tion rests for the time. It was supported almost unaai ed from the path of duty." On the other hand, in the Constipation of bowels.. Rupture of the womb... 1tragic invective against the faculty:—"This to one of theCharges, gentlemen, which the raculty have broughtapntost me, but cant sustain. I s m determined act toleave this building untilJustice is done me. If the facul-ty want fight, I will give it to thorn. Come on Macbeth!Come on Macduffl ss Shahspere says. Gentlemen, Iass excited, I know; but I can't help It, when I thinkhow I have been wronged sad insulted. Come, 1st asaaveameeting. Put up a notice (addressing a friend stove trade. These demands the North has dorsal hand) for the students to meat me to hair aa by its overwhelming vote for Mr. Ltaceto; aadtincuva characteristic of would be tur^against Ksetf.the young republic, The thirst tor adventure,, wo ild be tSeVuso would fan with a Anestorrestless,of thetr horn? marInGeoigia the white docs not belong to the menial class. "The negro is to no sense of the term his equal. He blacks no master's boots, and bows the knee to DOone. Save God alone. Ia the North it is far otherwise, and at st me future tane the white laborers may require satisfac- tion for past tajustico sad assert the principal recognized intheSouth,thatthetruearistocnicyisnotanaristocra- cy of wealth, but of color and conduct" Such are theTotaladrink first. Imusthaveaglassofwater." by perverting the constitution aad eootrotUns; the federal 13ft go saving, Dr. Aylette withdrew for a while, and shortly txicutive and Judiciary that the South sow threaten* to after the gong sounded ror Dr. Metcalfe's lecture. This secede rrom the Union. No new compromise, whether re-lecture was allowed to proceed in quietude until just near su m g the Missouri line or repealing Personal libers dfflfer but little, and there is too much the American States brokenby e communities, fierce and implaca-bill was psawd through both houses of Congresstorn,sea- occur trifling disturbances, "which would obiige us Cancer of womb,..,. .cal power of the slavefaoldlng artotocraey began to waae before the steady Increase of the free Sttates, the Sooth threw away the old compromtoM, to dutch at more exor- bitant demands—assisting upon a new aavl vioteat ooo stri«tion of the oansUtution, that would open the Tern toriesof the United .States Tor the establishing of slavery at the will or any settler, and would convert the ports of fro: States tote berracoons for the facility of t h e !f »wM . JJ Jnmatf? 'ia hritahle danaenma v«t notposses* negroes." Well, and why not* Why should not poor sottkrs till the unoccupied lands* "Too poor to possess negroes'' they msy he; but, though keeping a gig isasignofrespectability,keepingacegroianotessen- tial to citisenship, ,, - , , .In the market ror British railway stocks the issmediate tendency of prices to-day wss favorable. The discount marketwssmoderaklyactive,hutthesupplywasade- quate to the demand, and the best bills were taken at 4fifevers1"HU . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .u; a new party would arise, aad until the right should triumph,from agitation by compromise IfP^E.Jr1^^fll^."WSJVT rtty 01lofthemtodi > wouM renterItMprubable •toe In '..aubcrfAhW W»uht give ••precisely" four and abusinessmenwantquiet,theymass*sad» mthat direction No oumprecminse that the North would make oould satisfy the South. The concessions thatdemands, should they o r i isa^totfby weakness or L . eryatWashingtoa, would "agitate" the peopleef the NorthandWesttothefeverpointefrestotanceaadde- terminant n against the iiggrtsslnas of slavery. There is BOrest for business, no peace for polities, through anydh-tat calamity; the source of a common strength would be the sketoton to the cupboard. We allude to the pos-The tost misstatement to the worst.told his republican audteaca long before the election to turn frees Mexico to British America for acquisitions of territory." Mr. Seward's words bear no such interpre-ie.In Ihtmpe. different ilittle to fitter interna-g 1meeting, headed by their chairman, Dr. John W. Lawsoa, made their appearance and ascended the platform.another's traditional policy ofto remodel (he Supreme, Court by increasing th« numb«r1 to 2yesrs.. 2 to ft years 6to10years10tol2yearsThe Bombay overland mall has arrived; news antici-pated; letters despatched to the provinces by\<arly mail. 17 to 20 years20 to 26 years 26 to SOyearssioned speech, to which he fiercely denounced thecowardly conduct of the Ayletteites. He saidtl at no one but a coward would assault anunarmed man with a club, and that ofcoarse the satisfaction acknowledged among gen scl.eme of compromise.contains divers nations and Germany alone oaa The Italy of history baatation. For the benefit of this very careless writer we riod of sixty-eight days. Her sold is said tossaount to give the extract on whisk that statement to founded. Mr.Dr. Lawpon said that, to conformity with the procla-mation which he had made ia the morning, he now came wroLg, and should suffer no perturbation rrom the threats forward, not to abuse, insult or malign any oae, but to Of evil doers. The sentiment of the Christian world is vindicate the sacred cause of Justice, to stand by honor with us to the warfare of freedom.scoouoToflit to a New York tetter. * ^ W ^ r a w to, the dut> of tfdtog the fed^ratioa over the crisis WHAT T B I ENGLISH THINK O r TH» GO. KKNOii QTone of Dr. Aylette's staoeete, to his (Dr. R s ) preseuca, voted, by the Missouri compromise to freedom, sbooW c said to Dr. Draper, President of the Faculty, that he re- not be invaded by aUvery : that, the freedom of a^nmsNew York and Krio being especially in demand.TH* MONKTABT DirPICULTIKS-IN TBS CNITBD 9VATES. Ind., dated Dec 1ft, says:—The complaints against A. H. reason that he bad deposited his runds wrth Dr. Aytttte. to natural tows; that, as atomrty, we ware indabrte «eWe have iUoa, whichi»M Southern i-olitical would beftteats except by i will therefore givewith ihe'Brlttob «W1 g h t - Fljr Sustained, &«.,that Or,Northerners a w groMly dishonest in neglecting to capture fugitive staves, inasmuch as they inherit thefortunee•| by Northern slave) dealers In the old time*, an<1 made by North" * • make money by manufacturing and sell-^ so conclusive in the eyes of the Governor that 3£ sSB. Sf-iepatus something like a column of our type to iU 11-ernor Brown's theory is that in selling negroes sixtybeing ttoart* HHwnwBoriM "So ,d«ws5* .tMverse toUUyoT a cable being interfered with by tion of slavery within the District of Columbia, or the pntions." But this to not all. The Northerners are notwhich has hitherto he*n considered neutralised territory surrounding Washington. It only to be robbed every time a State refuses to aid ia tnuriaers, giving their reasons for supporting the Admi-thised with Dr. Aytotte that thaw are dx main aad finish their course at the Cninia conceded on all sides that interference with the slave legislation of any individual State would he uncon- stitutional, hut the legal difficulty docs not arise with re- r s t to this anomalous district, and it is the natural batground between the slave power and its foes. No conceivable insult would be felt by the stove owners so deeply as a tow forbidding their representatives to bring negroes to Washington.catching a negro, but they arc to he murdered with im- punity. In the history of the French Convention nothing more atrocious is recorded than the proposal of Governor Drown, that "the Penal Code and all other tows of this £tate which protect the lives, liberty and property of the citixens of other States while in this State, be repealed," so far as regards any State which refuses to recognise theception of a teh graphic despatch from Dr. Frost, Fresi- deut of the College at Charleston, S. C. Onopeatogthe despatch, the contents were round to be as roliows>-We will be happy to receive all who may come, but payments will be required for the tickets-of the coarse.This announcement threw a cold blanket on the enthu-siasm of the Aytottoites. The fact that payments wouldbe demanded dispelled the beautiful vision conjured upby Dr. Aylette's confident assertion that he would pro-cure all the seceders diplomas at five dollars per capita,without regard to the extent of their medical acquire-meats. Where shall w e turn next? appeared written o a the faces of the disappointed. "Where shall w e go, gea- tlemenr" exclaimed Dr. Aylette. "Let us go somewhere •toe; tot as telegraph to some other piece."A student suggested that they would b e received a t Richmond with open arms. "To Richmond, then," was the general exclamation that followed. Our reporter was prevented from hearing the result of the Richmond pro- position by another exciting episode which followed im- mediately— T"Is Mr. Grady here?" asked Dr. Aylette."Here I" responded a voice, which was supposed to be- long to the individual soujrht for."What right, Mr. Grady," demanded Dr. Aylette, ad-bills. BepemtsmaaRto-aaofiaw.aswyeu eaaswt stop tha Bleeding from umbuacus 1 Fever, typhoid......... I the meeting tost night, to make that infamous statement STi^iS?-, DtoaotthB>lBft*fhjsmbBtthsas9be^appearing In this morning's Hsaaxo about me discount- the Sooth feara They do set dread these overt sets; for, w»tho«t the power oT the faderal gt^nimem by form, aaftwvery far more important than any measures which Pre-sident Lincoln may press on the attention of a hostile bo adopted. The people of Massachusetts,London—Wind northeast; fine.The General Lieutenancy Council revoked the measuresCongress Is the mode of conducting foreign aflhirs to which his friends pledge him. They declare in the most unequivocal terms that t h e notorious Ostend Circular will b e repudiated, that Spain will b e fully reassured on the subject of Cabs, and that every eflbrt will beMichigan. Maine, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Yorkto Englishmen—that the whole power of the United States will, from Um first moment of the new Presidency, be exerted to put down the slave trade. The American souatlron on the African coast and to the Gulf is to be greatly increased, and the American captains will be amply instructed that activity, and not remissness, la this service will constitute a claim on the consideration of their government,parts. Wera that all the benefit to be derived from the federal league, i t s produce might often b e unmixed »isctoef. To worry and bully England, to nibble at Mexico, to threaten Cube, and buccaneer hi CentralAmerica^were but a paltry destiny for thirty millions offree men, and a sorry mission for the greatest federationof Chrtatissdy, t h e greatest embodiment of freedom.No, thaw w i s mmmsrfer HmUutmn know not what the*• f uu^u^nw v^spr -••• -• - ef_ _ » -». . woak, ami wM not know how mmh the* mil stut thetr pres-ent akmim i mikiy ham feet it ftreeer. In this, as in for the prejudices of the democratic rabble" to fulfil thesemost other governments, the good it secures is chieflynegative, and of that the mare intelligent Americans arefullyaware. Hencefeehorror with which allpatrioticAmericanaregarditsdtosotatkm. Theyknowthatitpre-vents the verted and conflicting elements of which ft Iscompassit from tearing one another to pieces. They knowthat it p i l l lie peace among communities which, ifbroken us intoseparateStates, would waste their energiesand their resources in ceaseless and ruinous wars amongthemselves. They dread the pKitoss hatreds which suchuHm$ casus cteflto beOa" wotiM speedily engender, andwiuch gaaoicllnp upon generation would ran to see ftsssoged. It was well remarked of Shafcspcre, that mnothingdidh exhibithawonderfulinsighthuehu-thea in depicting, to his ware af the hmfsg. the l^awaal Ohangi for the worse thatootrrubmina made to theirsto^l 1, whatever be the formmously by the representatives of the eighteen free States; North there to likely to he sa insurrection of the poor r T o f Hie ttruggtes' Implied in a seraration.s< It found supporters even among the slave States, and white against the rich white. There the whiteSSan per- The beat, enterprising spirit, which is such a dis- many leading democrats endorsed it. In fact, as far as forms menial duties which to the South be shrinks from.rfd;colored persons, 12. facet seen DUOUSS.It will require great courage, great confidence in republican4^,YD>t~tmnjj( • • • • • • *Heeding from lungs.... 1 Fever, scarlet.......... 24in principles, and great contemptpromises to the totter, but the sincerity of the personsfrom whom they come does not seem open to question sion, seeming not to recognise that his former pro-Bleeding from womb., fc 2 Fever, typhus , . „ . 1 Broocfaitk...........—. T, Hooping cough. *.. f Catarrh................ *1 Inflammationof bladder 1 Cholera....... Inflammationofbowels. •to be Mr. Uncoin'sForeignSecretary.the London Globe, Dec. 3.]The ansmisf Memew't speciality is ingenious essay not accurate statement. But even to its columns there tonothingiiwfrss»iijM*S>eitotheinaccuraciesorthe gentleman who writes its articles on American politics He writes on Saturday:—"Mr. Buchanan has reinforced the garrison of the Southern iederal fortresses." Not a single additional United States sbidtor has been seat South."The chief legislative measure which they (the repub- licans) promise to advocate is a Homestead bill.'' Theder of the message is devoted to a view of Perthes*, prospects, which the Governor thinks most cheering. England Is dependent on cotton, and therefore would have to be friendly to the cotton States. As to aegro in- surrection,hedoesactbelievelait "Ourslavesare usually under the eyes ef their masters and overseers. Few of th< m can read or write. They are not perm toted to travel on our railroads or other public conveyance. They have no mail facilities, no means or communication with each other at a distance." "They feel and recog- nise their inferiority as a race and their dependence oatheir owners, whose senile of approbation esnstutes their 'highest enjoyment" Hence a general vebellioa s impossib: , though, perhaps, occasionally there mightrUficprhrtnhocNriete.•M«tf«uiM» • Maasles . . . . . . .It was explained that a Mr. Herring, of North Caroitoa,was the guilty party. Mr. Herring was therefore sought vital iasutettoa of tee South. Taare jJ,we have observed, it is not a direct party measure:it to a side tosne, maiuly supported by the republicans,but not bitterly opposed by the democrats, the Satur-day Renew says:—" It is a measure of precisely the samecharacter as the subsidies of th« French provisional go-vernment to national workshops." "We wish," as LordMelbournehalfjestingly said of Macaulay,"W*Wereassure of anything as this writer is of everything.'' TheFree Homestead bill may or may not be a useful or ne- auspices under which the Southern States are asked to de CcsuaKies6 Unknown1, "would cootata within itselfhostilities, and a new word preg cessary measure; hut la a new country, with many2 Luesvenerea 3 Old age1 Poisonproceeded till the expiration of his hour. rale the majority, and thata system of stupendous wrong 10 No sooner was the lecture- concluded thaa Dr. Aylette is Vcth morally and legally right But that oonceuion thesquare miles of unoccupied, lands ia the West sad North- make its ominous ap- west, it seems natural that toad grants should be offered of American rulers. That to tempt emigrants from the seaboard cities. Such a oT these rising States measure would be revolutionary In an old narrow coun- ajealous eye; nor, supposing try; but to our owa colonies we see extraordinary facili- to be established, could it be main- ties given lor acquiring land, and to give one honored and land to a head of a family who" cultivate It—Tor such is the asaveryextravagantuseof public lands or the Statos. The Saturday writerstroy the Union, which has lasted eighty years, sad given them a place among the first nationsCasualties by failCt mpression of brain... 1 Premature birth........ 9 of his grievances, and therefore needs no further menconscience—the aggregate expression of the moral sense of the community Thar SSmCSmei it irreconcilably hat- tO*-to darery, because thtoery it wrong. That ooneeienoe made itself felt to the election of Mr. Lmeam. Jt aril make Itself felt to every coming Presidential etoctioa,and growing communities with even the staid and formal diplomacy, and us^ ^gHfte**jar» aftauw*4ft^^^Sj|p,#waT H E L A T E S T I T E W g ,(From theLendoa News, (Ctty Article), Dec. d ]After rising hi par cent, consols dosed scarcely highor thaa yesterday. Some effect was produced b y the stillBones, Joints, h eBrain and nerves Generativeorgans...... 7 Heart and blood vessels. 12 Lungs,throat, 4*8 131says:—"Its obvious tendency Is to bring into the unoccu1910Stomach, bowels sad otherdigestiveorgans48Uncertain seat and gene- TBXrOYtVae*••ItiMiMI 9mfthe Ortnafh if Aea* the e»Ot pied Territories crowds of poor settlers, too poor to eery unsettled coaditioa cf financial affairs ia America.OWageSkin, Ac., and eruptiveUnknown Urinary organs.1 4his assailant, sad was pommelling him to novery pleasant fashion, when some of the friends of Applewhite rushed to bis assistance. Appk white was evidently overmatched by the resolute defender of the faculty, aad would haveleaders in frmgram shoeU enter into such a compromise the very maa who elected them would repudiate them aad their measures, a new party would arise, aadtioas, *m outposts of the empire o f S t ~I can say,' Go on ; build up your outposts tc*nn^m*a* • » sa%- m vv as* r w a SFSBsss^pasBw v a w eaueavaa^^avfaay v itry, to extend the civilisation of the United tastes to the Portsmouth. Northwest-So I luck on Priace Rupert's Land andanastebowen taf^ajoes Batiste,esjaaoej11.. IS..Total.• • • *32 the faculty, and the result of that interview he would 32 proceed to publish to the meeting. Tho chairman then 22 pr» cceded to read the rollowing statements from the Pro-ressors of the College—Dr. Metcalfe states that a gentleman—Mr. Carter,cfSouth Carolina—tendered him in the early part of Decem- ber 93ft to North Carolina money (at that time at a dto- count er t«B per cent), in payment of the fee for the ses- sion to the course of lectures on the "Institutes and Prae ticeofMedicine."Dr.MetcalfeaskedMr.Carterifhehad brought the money with him from home, or If he had got ittoNewY ork stare coming on to attend lecture* To thisMr.Carteransweredthathehadbroughtoatode- fray his expenses money to the shape of drafts on New York city banks; that he had deposited these drafts with Dr. Aylette, and that Dr. Aylette had given him the de- preciated notes wit* which to takeout bis tickets. Mr. Carter promised to tell Dr. Aylette for Dr. Metcalfe that he could aotieasltettosdc pi ectotednotes, sad that he did act approve Dr. Aylette's coarse to the master. Mr. Cartertech the Botes oflered Dr. Metcalfe, aad promised to payplgj^^u*The number of deaths, compared with the coreespend- ing week.of 1899 and or last week, was ss foaows:-wttobridgngi Places ofand around the shores asl»»*Ih»verwwsB;The suspension has been announced of Mr. A. Ingram. He is at present engaged uponacontract or£90,000tot forat Dover, and another of upwards of £100,000 level sewer to London.TheLondonTimetsaysithastranspiredthatoneofthe oldest and most respectable houses in the building trade,Piper a Son. of PwhniBgsSj, fa mta ^«rans. j=&2:.372thatare_ decay .ami <their reorganisation ia free.Doc 8,1990^ Dec U , 1890Increase this wchronic external acute disease chronic external" Mr. Seward6 2Seward, speaking at St. Paul Minnesota, ootnpares him- £126,000 at leastthsfl Brli'ma rather inflated passage to a traveller surveying The last prices from Paris show a decline af ^ in I..WARDS. 19 13. 22 14... 13 16... 1418... 17 IT... 16 18... 20 19...0 20...16 M...M 22. • • « • • •Rome from the dome of S t Peter's, and says:—" So it rentes, although only 18,000 sovereigns were withdrawn Iswithme. loan*Undhereandtookfarofintothe4..6..2 defence of the character of one who had been wronged, With two or three exceptions the saggwtions of the 21 reviledandpersecuted. (Tremendouscheers.)He EveningJournal,havinganadjustmentofthecontroversy 27 would not detain them longer with any semarks of his which threatens to divide the Union for their object,have 23 own. He had that day an interview trith members ofonly for inferlor descriptions, £Sggpr.."Bfts bankers'drafts, then theref^'*.. IU, - «j^-*-"Wworld will jndge tor Itself what are federation in which Governor Brown shall be a spiritef a toed togDelirium tremens4 Suicide by poison 2 13 Premature births 9The next error of the writer is on the Supreme Court ofShe United States. "It is proposed (by tlw republicans) per cent; for six months' paper the rate wss scarcely be- Under 1 year93 80 to 40 years 94 40to SOyears 37 69 to «0yearsI 09*to 70years 3 70 to SOyears 4 80 to 90 years 9 90 to 100 yearsIT Unknown 14•HATJITOS.14 Scotland8 United States SOUnknown76 West Indies39 took the platform, and delivered an eloquent aad impas-ef NcrtLe*nJudges. AtpresenttheNorthernandSouth low»J£, Asacderate amount of business wssdoneat tstartintoanexistence em .»!>,;*an equaliunumbers." (AstheJudgesare hank.; so low as thea ehrfcat'jxa nothing of :b • kind. In the first place, the Supreme16 to 17 yearshalt tt> i a«h; but let that pass.) The-republioans propose11 tiemen could not be demanded of s person likv Apple-Southt-rn AMe- Court to i. t •-aintoNorthernan1SouthereJu.li?.*, Which would j-re- no in i.. iL. . ii'ges of oar own courts to Lea- ias that whKhhasuvar- den sic staled Northern Circuit Judges snd Home Cir-white. Inconclusion, he expressedhimself determined Whileslaverycontinuesitwillbediscussed—itwil.be to sift tbe business to the bottom, and called upon the opposed. This it to that the South fears. Erea theHXPOKTorsracwTOAIOBICA.The total shipment of gold for New York by the steam- now governed or cuit judgta. The Supreme Court Judges add to their er Atlantic, which left Southampton yesterday, wasTotal or pu.-e Indiana, duties the going oa circuits—some North, some South- £149,460, and by the Etna, which left Liverpool yester- England.3724 941students to meet him ia the afternoon, when as would see justice dose toall parties.HiXAin does not apprehend an armed invasion H the Scutb,but the"moral sotietoverj tavestan,'* whoseBret d<cisire step hue been taken to the olectevO « Mr. Lia- coln, t hreatens the destr eti-a of slavery. Let us, then, asleaerpyto tat itruggU* u-h ich would but united in the Supreme Court there is no geographical day for New York, £70,000; making a total of £119,450. ion*afinterest,whichmuttperpetuuU ui.ision. Secondly,thereisnorepublicanproposaltoFrance Cermany LelandIt is needless to add that this scene carried the excite-1 mentuptothefeverishpoint. Nothingwasthoughtof men,meetthefactsasth>are. Havenothingtodowith 9 or discusmd for the day but the case of Dr. Aylette and ccncesskMiS and compromise:- that took towara the rec ..i and forbearance could enlarge the court, but the republicans, not unreasonably, In addition, the Boruaaia took XS.frOO in specie en Tues- Ibe exaggerated by hatred and jealousy hope Ojat (as the democrats, for years to power, have day, from Southampton for New York.the action of the friends of Dr. Draper..872 At half past four o'clock the students repaired to theBitkm of slavery. Standing by the coastitotioa as it is, let us uphold it against all deramers aad destroyer,, standing up. n the immotable law of right, let us aw.i.t without liinching aari without fear the issue of events thatbafflehumancaleulationa.andyetarelammoaswithinto unfardooable wrongs, and unprincipled statusnen, tilled the buach with democratic partisans) the vacancies whose existeaee amongst our Transatlantic cousins we during Mr. Lincoln's term of office will be filled by thehave already too often to deplore, and a press ever appointment of republic«n lawyers. The Supreme Court blatant,wouldhedlitUedimeulty inswelling imaginary is as yet free from thevice that hascreptintothe[From the London Times, City Article.]The English funds continue buoyant. Consols openedTotalMm house. Blk'l Island. 7 Nursery and Child's Hos-lecture room of the college, which was lit up expresslyfor the occasion. The room was very well filled, somefour or live hundredpersons,mostlystudents,beinginattendance. The friends of Dr. Aylette were also on God's high purposes of truth aad righteousness.hand, crowded together in the vicinity of the heater, but If faith In God Is worth anything it should prove ttself keeping themselves very quiet and orderly. Dr. Aylette in these times of trial: prove itself b y a calm and steadstanadvanceef %, butasubsequentimproveBsentwas grievances into causes ef war—of War to the knife. For majority of t»* States—the t lection of the judiciary far not mainumed. The applications for discount at bankBeBsvusH(TIlul.. City HospitalCot re.; HomeH-spite).. Charity HrepitelI; l.u 1 II 8] Iti'lLunatic Asylum, Blkl'slr1.1•; •;St Lukes.HospitalTotalpital..... 4 St. Vincent's Hospital.. 2 Smallpox Hospital, Bl'khere a consideration suggests Itself which is ever pre- short renewable terms—and the spread of this vice tosent to the eyes of thinking Americans. What ought the State judiciaries is due, not to the republicans, but to to-day were of an average scale There were no opera-woll's IslandWard's Island EmigrantHospital WorkHouse,Blaokwolt'sIsland1 himself was, however, at t present.After about hair an hour's delay, the officers of theto be the strongest bond of union would now prove the the democratic party.tions to geld at bank. The £2,000,000 to silver from the Bank of France is still in course of transmission.The Suffolk has arrived from Australia with two dayslater advices, having made the passage in the Short pe-fast adherence to the right: prove itself by aaytelding de\ turn to moral princmle at whatsoever pecuniary or political sacrifice: prove itself by that effectual, fervent prayer to toe God of truth, of justice, of merey, which shall prevail. Faith in Ged knows no compromise warnt and truth, sad to support one who has been grossly at- "HO MOBB COMl'BOMlSBS"—"NO lACmTHO DOWN." 18 tacked and insulted. He was present to adduce facts to fFrom the Albany Evening Journal, Dec- IT .]NorthwestsadseetheRussian,sshebusilyoccupies fromhankyesterdayfortransmissiontoNewforkbya i i a u o u i t xt-A v^eaeaartsa^ae* *(p BWSWfl^F^sw • • a^awua "af " ' • • T ^seai^ ttaf bl-Lmtt* the Atlantic. It appears that the vessels have taken out 7..ad-) I can that offFrom acute disease« ^ « . mi.e • e • e • • «.e 130 5-33831. iee••weeeee•1VX i36J-372 •W........ 40J.1_^*a Aissrksv-Ssuth aswell fta^a Kftlsja sail fldVaUMM ill BBBBBB) WBBBBBBJ BBBB> BB^B^W^BBBBBSaj T ^ S l^taclJto. niDgssct.idaacythatfrom a reqwet to " turn freshAmerica for acquisition of te.-rttery." TTr *-ith simnafs to be that the writer to the Saturday MeoienMMverreidthe original speech. He must have read soeaeKarate can railway securities continues, Hrrnois Central andHaraiey'sUttasatoMft Dec 12,1999.. a serious State paper: bat ittoessjreyanotionof ftecon- bareallStoppedtoopentogreatdoubt The..jrstlbeKewTork ttorrersiVr *• -which have been so fuOy sad exclusively chronicled in this paper, seems destined to hold no very inconsider- able place in the history of that deservedly poputar insti- tution. Each seineedtag day derelopes the dahcultylaa:more interesting aspect; for, as evinced hj thc scenesexhibited yesterday the trouhls was very Bear assumiag a bloody and tragic denouement Thehigh yesterday, as to break oat h\ open violence, which woul^havc resulted to a more serious manner had it not been for the prudent forbearance of the frisaoe ef Dr.^n**te7ea «mp%,JO. acta had an severalthey had received drafts aa DrUniversity of Hew ir.&r fJbkmmai aey withwithDrabstract, which weFrench pamphleteer, sets oat Kfc, Hicarried Into action, will in voire - - only with New England, but every Power In Europe. He retaliation on the fact that theof banks hvtbe Southern States createseflfect wUl be to mitigate the bcdHSn«stoppage has token pans races to s ^ meresupply of specie. - t h e vital question will be as t ability of the New Orleans beakers, theteejshlWhich to the produce of store, tabor. J h t o a r -The London Chronicle says it has reason to believe that no more Cabinet meetings will be held until about the mid- die orJanuary. IttouultoWiSathai wis'qaSSMesCfr^SrSaV meatary reform, with reference to the next session, hasago the Northerners eoveaanted for the quiet pos-session of them sad their progeny forever. To prevent not yet been under discussion to the Cabinet. Parlia-3 e * v e o w s a i » r therefore, from Introdociag their staves freely into the Northern States and carrying them was great an invasion of Southern rights as ston or Savannah authoritios were to seise a trader's stock of goods. It has, of course, es-the saalous Governor that this theorw, apnMes equally to England. Ov forefathers were large slave trudere. our fortunes have been increased by seUSag ne- groes to the American planters, and yet we perversely and dishonestly declare that a Georgian gentleman'scolor- edservant beeosaes a free man directly ha touchesmoned to meet for business oa the 6th of February. BKLIGIOU8 PgEeKCOTIO*i IN SPAIN.The report published in yestordey smatter to a true light, and divesting Mpolitical cbsrseter which w s s sought to h eby Br. Aylette's frtaads, was the topis ofsation among the stadeats of Hasrailed to meet the spproval of the enemies of - ~ . — - . , ,the Bniishground.}Accor<linly, every right ofretaliation which and levelling bias of « s 7 3 i p b U c a n the Southern states have against Massachusetts theycution to which persons ia Spain who have renounced The Southern students do not approve Dr. Aylette'sRomanism and embraced the Protestant faith are at pre- cum se, and are anxious to disclaim all connection withsent exposed. The law of Spain was this, that the punish- the meetings that have been held to his fsvor. They be-ment for apostasy, or worshipping contrary to the prin lit-ve the difficulty to be of a private character merely, eouiuskn. h e said he would readpolicy, for M evidently proposal Is awed the fund which protect* the public ebtigaHtm e / 9V Union, and it may be called, without injustice, a measure of precisely the same eharaocter as the subsi- dies of the French provisional government to na- tional workshops and the lavish expenditure of the French Emperor on the reconstruction of the I'oristtnhave also against England. Should, thee, the mild wisdom of the Governor prevail, and a South- ern confederacy he established on Browuito prin- ciples, we must expect to have some very perempto- ry demands made on us, and in esse of refusal to be treated even as the Northern freesoilors What measures an to be adopted against them it may, there- fore, be interesting to inquire. We are told that" pro- bubly the records of no State or nation to Christendom Sic more blackened with the deep stain of disgrace tvuseri by a wilful violation of public faith" than thosefriend, Dr. John W. Draper, (fcttiNArtM. Doc.and V> isconslon, as being tWplialpnl offenders, would at directed by General Pineili to his proclamation of a stateposals involve not only secession but war. The act of secession,hethinks,wouldbeeasy enough. Sheall the UnitedStatosgovernmentprosecuteaayGeorgianvitisenIt remains to be seen whether his lees scrupulous friendwillforc< PresidentUncotatocompensate the Americanmobforthesis,ofaccustomedexcitement by oflbrmgthem similar iadnlgeroes to another quarter. Mr. Se for treason and take his life, "I should retaliate promptly Congestion of the brain. IS Inflammation of brain.. 9 ward, as we have seen, told his republican audiences by seising and hanging upon the nearest tree two of. the Congestion or the lungs, ft Inflammation of kidneys 1 long before the election, to turn from Mexico to British subjects of such government for each citizen of Georgia Convulsions, infantile... 27 Inflammation oTliver... 9 America for aequtohione of territory, sad Mr. Seward i whose life should be^thus illegally taken." The rwnatlt Croup* 14 Inflamiaation of lungs.. 29fl^e^esto?? * ** »».•«.•*«*•*•*» doItforteerepabUcanrule,theirtostitutioa(aUvery)woald aattost teayears,andthey(theSeetft)knowit" This,thee,tothe ge»: the Northern anUndavefy aibeaee baviag oroeaed the£149,500 Various amounts must, therefore, have been &.. 9.. withdrawn from private banks or from She branch at 10..elicited from the republican press to this and other States, responses in the spirit of these bead lines. That our views encounter the "vigorous resonance " of ear politieal friends, causes torn of surprise than of regretWe have, oa two or three former occasions, startled ear political friends hy suggestions quite as dtetasteruithaa thirty yean age, when those with whom we politically were discussing the policy of rejecting Mr. Van Burea ss Minister to England, we remonstrated, first with Senators personally, and then in our paper, predict-ngthatsuchrejectionwould result iamaking sir.Fee Burea President We stood alone, however.and the deed Our prediction and its fulfilment are on record, alawyearssubsequently,whentheUnited Statos Bank recharter became aa element aad aa awes to the Presidential election, we shocked dimtaguished states- men, and brought the whig party down upon this journal, hy "cutting loose*' from the beak, and warning our partythat it "would never rise hi the surface with that mm - Ms neck.'We differ again with our political frtoads. That disbr would be very slight with most, and di»tMMM,arailway property in general, good guarantee stocks are int a, 1 1>HmiS ** * - . - *"*Untitled Documentbullion.The accounts ofbillswerestiBalmostimsatoabatygi*49fM N o t R e c e i v e ttoeCa.h-TeleKr.pl»s to theStwdemtcIfthepriceat100wasthe rhipment of gold from this where persons might bo willing to rectneesof the ststomant thai theDraper, who. It must be said, bevoeonducted taaauist,ly with the rowdytoh,ment will, according to present srrangementa, be sum- of the bund professor-ciplcs of the church of Rome, should b e eight years' taa- prtoenment, with hard labor.with which thsy have no right to interfere, and whichwhich ought to he unanimously adoplb* speaker then read a long preamble, setting f«th tfis facte ef the difficulty, and denouncing the conduct ofliberated, but attention was drawn to the caseef twowho were suffering imprisonment for the crime of beingProtestants. Lord J. Russell, while professing his ardentattachment tit) religious liberty, said he must reserve to alumni of the college, be merely propounded certain la- centeaed to his totter to Dr. Aylette.h i m s e l f t o a c t i n t h e w a y t h a t s e e m e d m o s t d i s c r e e t t e r r< g a t o r i e * , w i t h o u t g i v i n g a n y o p i n i o n a s t o t h e i r t r u t h B e t o l v e d , T h a t w e h e a r t i l y o e p l o r e t h e r sear distinguished sad esteemed PresMtont aad The feeling' which had been excited to England might or falsity. Dr. Aylette, they think, should have answered and earnestly request him to resume hisperhaps have more weight thaa any direct action be- tween the government of England and the gorornment of Si.;iin, and religious societies were laboring successfully in promoting more enlightened and tolerant views. MISCELLANEOUS.Good conduct medals are to be awarded to the Royal Marines at the end of three years instead of live.Mr. Crawford, M. P. for Ayrshire; Mr. Joseph Cowen, Jr., oT Newcastle; Mir. Ashurt, of London, and Mr. Mae- by the British govarpjssat, and august tribunal of serving as a mere instrument in the offending State. In short, Governor Brown recommends Adam, of Glasgow, have been appointed a deputation toby the seamen of the North of England to their brotherTuWels • •• .191 DKATHS FROM CHRONICmeutatall. Mr.Herring,however,madesomesortof an explain.ticn, but was evidently too much excited to make himself lucid» • • • • • e*e*f Fever, intermittent..... 1 Fever,puerperal....... 9 Fever, remittent 2M p e a e e e eout and ooTroBtod with Dr. Aylette, who In an excited way, demanded aa expUnatioa. Mr. Herring did explain himself, but evidently was peg altogether easy to histhi* defeaatve p 'poUcy. Under the moving Impute* tas7 pre-tinted by thei Senator fn « Georgia, edoceaSoes sad earn rroadstotol e people ha latatmmChave Bad thetr dayamiX«tha*%rMatattheSouth. The 8outh iteelT, or Northerndemocratic politicians acting to the interest oT the Southainsumptioo........... 69 **pine, disease of\ tDtbillty, adult Debility,'infantile6 llceration of the throat. 1hour. I want to expose this matter. Come, tot me have berause of its defeat to the attempt to nationalise slaveryDKATHB raOM KXTRRXAL AMU, trreK custAT* oa saasoe. '3 Intemperance1 Killed or murderedthe close, when Dr. Aylette aad his party marched into1 the room in a noisy manner, tramping and causing the mtvt the demands of mca who will never be3 utmost confusion. Professor Metcalfe, however, coolly untilore concede that the minority shall pwmaneatlyAspbyxkYk... Amputation Buraed'orscaldedty bills, or laisaaifjtog the FugitiveConcussion of brain.... 1 Suffocation, aceideutal.. %tkw. But a scene of excitement followed, which perhaps was not expected.DrownedTc-tal.,Dr. Lawsoa, of Virginia, the gentleman who presided attl." meeting in favor of the faculty, sprung to his feet toreply to the remarks of Dr. Aylette He was proceed tog wMlc sUvery exists anywhere hi the United States. That to defend Professor Draper, aad to denounce the conduct cocscience can neither b e dragooned nor bribed or bis opponents, when a stuasat, named Applewhite, into silence. It will not be quieted by a com- rromNorthCarolina,struckathimtwoorthreetimes prtmtoe that reeagaixes to aay way the right- with a club. With the quickness oT thought he turned on fulness or towfuineag of slavery If the republican83 —Ofwhich22werefromviolentSTi been punished soundly but for the interposition cf his friends. Ageneralrwhandafewknockdownsfollow- ed, when the combat was terminated by the friends ef Dr. Aylette retreating from the room. Dr, Laweoa then2826 19 14Tagiaate" the i There is act6.,PUBLIC DUMMU'llomXWrek ending D e c 17,1839 484-Decrease« tRupture 126.1990.Ljeentory....... 2try aipaias......... 9Fever, congestive.. 1 Varioloid'.' s e e * s e e * 1 boots, not liking his position Just at that particular moABmminariaand Brtght'sdisease i-f the kidneys J U U l B l e a • • • • , . • • • • • • • • * •VaawHssnF• •«*•••••••*•*••• Canceroi liver.. Chncertof stomachhave repealed every compromise heretofore made far Thereupon Dr. Aylette launched forth into a wild the protection of slavery. As the numerical and pottU-Smallpox.4 1these inquiries quiotly aad respectfully, aad not in thepublic manner which h e chose. On t h e second sob*rthought, many of the Southern students who took sideswith Dr. Aylette to the beginning now espouse the cause Lsney, Maryland.dressing the owner of the voice, "what right had yea, at————*•—Mr. Orady explained/in a somewhat frightened man-ner, that he had never so stated, and, to fact, that he Kubtooa, the South will at ones aat oa the waff of aa to" had not attended the meeting in question at all. f^tesnjP^T'n «ff»mm tu oa^ardjtereft, instep of wah1 n * to address the students. This speech was a rehash MrthwiUmtmr mam. There is such a thing asagas publicfor theticket as sooa ss he should receive das moneyGeneral Barney, with the troops rrom Fort Leavea- from Dr. Aylette. Subsequently, on two occasions, Mr. future from the same 'stand poiat To do this tt is toL _* »»hrtty of worth, will arrive at Fort Scott to-morrow. It to thought Carter has apologised to Dr. Metcalfe for not having been dispensable that all should realise that the Presidentialroand Y.appear entirely with others, if we could but took sate the B toatbele to get bis money from Dr. Aytotte. Or. Bedford Etoctioa is over; that there was virtually but one qaeasutes that to the early part of December Mr. Coleman, tkm involved to the conflict, via;—that the Territory d^&3S2fti£r££!*"*^ *»*" -University.Committee—John V . Lawsoa, e fLseseter. North Carolina: L\ KersLner, Atwood, New York; A. H. Sanders,TOMyveratty Medicalbr« ught against Dr. Aylette, I dees M a datyow.' to him, as well aa to myself, testate that I never made any statement, either 'to Dr. Draper or aayother member or the faculty, or to any other person, SS warrant them in using my name to say such ""•""-tira; and such use of my name to enttrery unauthorised, aad without foundation to treth or Justioe.B. F. OOLKMAN, Alabama Tlae Irrepressible CwaJUct txt tme Repabil-TBKWAX TaUl OONSftSVATmi AM9•now MawiFRSToa or LKAOBXS.(From the New fork Independent, Dec. 13.] IBS KULCMTBaBft&B.The Nsw YOSKHsaau>, in commenting upon the recent speech of Mr. Ivereon.of Georgia, to the Senate, bits aha nail exactly oa the head. It t-ays —MMr. IversoBtasvmaoloflshatoef esaaas. Btoesys»-- Oea-Uemen speak or concoaatoe—of the repeal of Personal Liberia«f ljeofsaberi fans oa Mr. Bodhaaaa, who has peculiar facilities for Bweceedag to the operation. On the one hand, the South tssureafhmanaaaxbiaa.anaSkaatraaanoiat«fhiseSOBOlA.[From the London Times, Dsc S.JThomas M. Tryniski 1 309 South 4th StreetAtthearre-itbooksal>whichiam>in«cmtip..,.^«« I-—U4_- ».t-* A.-t--._^..._ _Fulton New YorkThe New York news to only three days later, though ftHager and J. B. Hussy, charging them with complicity inth« Boone County Bask frauds, were withdrawn to-day, andtheywerehonorablydischarged,therebeingnoevi-and was rearful that the Doctor was about "to burst np Dr. Draoer rented. "You had betw sec Dr. Arietta.the folly of our adversaries for th? tr.'iinph we i** **. ad. and that, unta their sssiaiwkws we-e r»newH. ~<r:r13069www.fultonhistory.comCOWTLAIWS rnmnssm.—A despatch frasa Indianapolis,gretted not being able to take out hto tiokeU, ror the assured, the Territorial questioa may new be esf^yj** 