 ^ailk'vbisinfaatson,placingtheimperialgovernment,during tioned that the democratic party intended topit inthisviewthedullnessoftradethepastfoilbaaacted sndihoneofIdschildranwar*takenfromtheratosby his minority, entirely la the hands of his brother, the pose M- Marat the tost President of the National a want of cooftaence in Mr. Buchanan for tne course bo favorably. Some merchants, who hail recently ordered the Bremen.EUROPEAN AFFAIRS.^a^'^w'Maiw^Bjpa^an^BrfBBPtot'totoBSa^wBnatoTEX CAKADA'B KAILS.^B#^Bn1to<SB«Bi#nan*#»oto*0MB»»aBwt0**^»towU»TIE rnmmm mmm IF BMFE,afi, as towers, steeples, aad sym-and gBttertog to Che beams af a December son,bar army being thorougaiv ail probabilityby theaad hmtt to hM ospscrly eg anjritotr a f vJba-be could net cimsrwnrhwitly undertake to iin the Legislature which wthough he was willing to:his own scheme as the Prince Regent might think proper, providedonlythat theydidnotafreet thebastoonwhk- it was flounced. The next day Boom received an auto graph latter from the Prince, relieving Mm from his fone tionsas Mtotaseraf MJar "on nasountef awtoboasssooto bisRoyal Highness'orders,"butatthesametimeai> pointing bim to the command of tbe Eighth corns d'mrmi,. which baa AMheadquarters at Cohtonos, on the Rhino. It may be imagined that this treatment of an old and merit >m. r^TBavw OT s W circular, tofriends both aa to the fruits of toe afatofstsro, WhUewedo•yet think there has bom aa ovideat _meat The spring trade a understood to have been satis and ito pronto, to a measare. counterbalanced theofthe fall. Fomtion, we fee) safe in ssying that a healtayhadbeenrasaass '" " :^ are, that a n equallyimprovinr state of aflairs wiil eonuaae. The only weessseetopreventthisthourown countryisthattin happy snd distorting political eas aow ajsnanf bath North snd South. D a s , w s believe, wul prove a porary oas only.It is evident that the effects of the dfatstres of 1857 still remain,sadthattheyexhibitthemselvesinteaheavysue penned indebtedness of the West remaining uncancelled. At the timr- of the crisis it was very generally believed by both creditor and debtor that tbe taster possessed the abilitytopayin1u11.orveryaearlyso;sadavarygeneral spirit of accommodation, that, under the circumsu i • was most prai*eworthy, exist' !, and was proffered and accepted. Circumstances hiwwvsr. nave shown that tinsM- de Leaseps at the head af it,theIdeahasbeenoverrated,aproposalto positively emanated from Francis Joseph. The a is said to feel iatenseiy the difficulties which have inaugurated hat reign. Bis mmd is naturalty gloomyand superstitious, snd ho has more than once declaredassuredisamistake. AtVastitiscertainthathewa- st the meeting between the Csar sad the Prin > , list Broston, sad had the Russian Orderof St. Alex er Xewskl conferred upon him : besMes Which, if hiwas at on* time sn enemy of Russia, he to now a stii greater antagonist of Austria—a circumstance that masmaybetheresultofthisstruggle,w^ttotnetraitors(the r--nst:iut t<ualifts), for for them a Tarpean rock shall no • be found sunning,, uThis article a from the leading organ of the clergy government, (tbe Seciedad), and was preceded by on.; totheend,willnetbutasmallpercesnageonthedebtin- volved.Our observation of the cause and effect of a crisis shows that, heretofore, tt has taken fully four or five years for the country to recover itself and we are not disposed toto take shares a . was formed two or three years smoe,K>that a, TurkeyparmatedtheViceroyofEgypttogrant netbesurprised,frommanythingsmathavereachedmethe permit; betto break gvcoad, a «fthenaaphorus,crying,"Bold!''Lord Palmeraton. By the mooth of ther at Chmmmetomwto, he mid to*ere given, a d htett thrown out why Turkey •toedtotheway. No apparent antooritatovevoicec*Wby way of YVcna, if the Gordian knot of{tbe Ititlian qnes- The election of a deputy to the Second Chamber, tn thris % b»*t»r, s»y"tb*, English residents, and stKh a fojlth.it be aabeoiuteiv afrahibf ii<ung right. The Emoeror un-,uc3Uuoabl> ..sea him. He .ikts his few words an) thtaa*i exclude tCuae who deeds,eu to oomnbu|e. Rut tbe self. K-t-t trip; ss hr does aloof ft ore any of thf iapenai cmnai ompan; urgantzt-d by M. de LeHSt:^! under u upatrutia*" ol th»- French jfOvemm*,n:, ts on aitboroagh-r vf a«vbuuragt. Lv-ra Y<'ode house is aitt<gether a man of a difi.Vrai t».- '!* The main y is to be rawed by 4;Wtnt stock fernA stamp, jn.l by his Diiurai .<uicn.a»ig, ht - l\x,.::l«* miic-tr tad t.r.;.py mode • f expression, aot tmliKety topresirct relative state ,-f the ravi«-s of Prance acd Enr' m . c^mpareu with the magTiitu^e of the cemmerc a1 mterrsu they L«TI. to protect, the latter would suffiS" Jaduiteiy sweater 'It ffment lr>nn ?he has ever derrre ' a<ivariijo ••'tCli a woceed'Bg would be quite in acxwiliixw with the rbaracter of that astute pnirticaa, snu I have U» do-iot that John Bnil wouJ/ 1« fir m y persuaded b e w i s aetiSi; with unprecedented '-mureanini ty , acd lay claim to thev.ew it at another step ;n toe ueart'-"^ po.•'•;, ot"the JUnited Stated, wiiich ha<( al va\ sko<t for lteotijeci <h" pro-nicifi g t>i ei". :i dusscntiofl m MuAiOi. Aito the object o f the \tinal f t s n i aci|Uisition of the country lMpe.il upon it, j beiL remuiierauve. Tbe American manufacturing hardtribute the nectssary funds, pro rata, acepi ing to tii-.' eumiE- rciai or maritime posutun of each, and n invite tne Tattoo. States, Great Britain an^l other F rs. to joinhave rot done a satisfactory .business.The toroign hardware importing and jobbtn? trade ha*It wilt be remembered that ou the occasion of a meet lsraa you both a_map and a panoramiebiri a eye Uig assembled in the * American chapel, ui the Rje duned out the interior to AHRwill bo uniTibabrtaole for for their lowest point.Tfce Kiig iias been verv ill again, and is n^w slowly re iigne:s, aad hence the poor nation woi be loaded wnh The sbif interest it is undere'ood, !ias not beoureTii-pernthestoaaserahawillmatehertrstvoyhgotoNewhisuilthegrandattraction.TheEmperorandEmpress York, ana give several mititon Ansemoaas the bare beentwicetowitnessitsiBcetakinguptheir sociohi tLo matt nasract manner, charging as high as eighty six over '67 tt accounted for by the fact that to making our percentextraduties. This hasbeenmadetbesubjectof tableofstatisticsfor'57wecountedoutalargenumberor• _ _ .I tospscst Nash's Ark, Jano's Argo, Ctoo- tow Ad«««w the Tsaeoi Silt sma **io PsishiTotb-d mse saw. aad amaethtog gratftor titoh tfaesn att. . m ever pat mto towflew YorkLiverpool n t Cork 1 The test null lauded bVwas ovor fefiy a^ire nvg* aad •»-•»• f-«h*ee ttotirs e«f«"**> the oaa-iLivri'uot,'ton steamer was n tog atase in the Merssf'. TUta will a^ver doi ! Oork t eat at de*arat; itatewer.wvo hon.tr«d tmledfrontLou-••"to»MIO'IM»>toadaadwateroarriBKe,salhmouto tv tjv)» -he stfam"storanu»there• CbjttMtther nosMi, t»aiway m a -day aBarer asnsstoacban} ftost, aad awsrai hours n - m r London; SO that shun«af thesaintofMMflatway: r. Parbana Mat the Tuikras.Dimwal «fWe JPVMCCttcemlMr, UemutTOcyss #hw«r if JJawMaMtej tke JtonnwhWBs af Neutral<sVJSBv,s%.,aV To-day1amabletocomrnaniratoaosnefurther particufirms who bad suspended, but who hare since resumed revere remonstrances from her Majesty '8 representative. business, which w e n o w embrace, together w n h manyhavemuob bard i Ferry,woereat'ti*ds, thenumber of incomr>etent deadhoa>hi an4L^^wpriatBted vour enaotry abroadi My Smithna-i JJ„odeoasptctmusssaachotor,aliugtnstand.age'tttl^msB, awtbe%'everywayaasoaortof-iar.niti'«n AU4 it*flj^m,towing totter— ._- CBASJEBTOWX, Dec ss. laia.Tlie sntharittes of Tlrtpuia have definitely seutedi _ Stevens is to be tried here-, sad, as previously rwaaaaoa by Mr Buchanan, have so informed him.WhenthetirielwdlcomeoffIamunabletossvtoprs. sent butpreanm*i;Wiil besometimedurtog"tbawuuer; prubabiv 1-j.jag ttto next mcatti, batjhtoj^bv^be a'njw atthe head ofin everysbtog nertalomg to theto mUitory purpoaw, for which they were otttejaal- c*mmar«onoi crawl.Iy designed, would hardly be afcjecteo. to by the Cham- And therefore, * e hold all Union haters and symmv Hbiarvi! wMh rasarrection, mitrdsr and oervlte war to hebers. After the Prince's return from Breslau, however, lie tne;mk» of our pence s a d prosperity a i u&rinsrs,'gBM-pr|Bjnnish«•Ordmsry fitttoresm »iB7.^aasa**Jlfcaa« «' 186P.y,tl9ei-3O5.5C0«„47'J,000be hnsgmail.all beholders. Atpresent, however, there is everyto bettere that the Court wdl soon have to put on for the on ty surviving brother o f the Great N s -The ex-Rtog Jerome Bonaparte is dy.og. Tbe vtttfity which has hitherto atotolnsd the oil aaa underrepeatedattacksthatveryfewmenofhatage eoald have resisted has at last given way, and it is not improbable that before this tetter becomes fairly afloaton MMwidewatersoftheAtlantichemayhave breathedbat tost The Emperor sad Empress were both with himyesterday, This sseramg appears a bulletin in the hard to give o p the sway, Mcmtatr stating that hat potman is eminently criti-BruBoas No. as.—First floor, grocery and d*rtous officer, and the light it throws upon tbe views of th "Shall we have a War with the Dotted States*" This ar- hope was a fallacious one, and that a spirit of apeculatton, Mts Schtosser; herself and three children eeraped. Langgateways of thecal, and from a private source I learn that his constttntion sad frame are so thoroughly mwstrated •ait swawanMan toast metHably toBow one or other of the violent Bto of oonghtogby vbtoteswtowhwshwd.bilrty of his, ministers, have created no tittle sensation. and it is currently reported that Roam has not only refused the command offered him, but requested leave to retire from the servlto altogether, stating that a General dismissed "tor disobedience to or ders" could net be a fit person tn oxupy any further «mco. Some are of opinion that he has fallen a victim to the renewed atfraCe cerdsole with Russia, to wham be had made himself obnoxious during the Ortenta:•i.g and scry dry argument, interspersed with many violent expressions against our race, and insinuating that <!>• A'Xicaagare not alone, thus comes to the conclu aaa:—eeitimatccbannelg, and that a large proportion of tne traders at toe West bad made investmenoj bt real «stote. which the inflated times of I d » lawrl »jweatee safe,out which were tn a c t mjudtcinus, uneottod, and navs largely rentributed to the depressed condition which that portion of our country aow exhibits. Oar asercbants, anderstond ing that the prospects are sot brightening, are aow push tng their claims, and assignments follow—the assets, in most eases, exhibiting themselvt-? in lands, as stated,oa furniture and stock, 9000; insuredforBBOO.Second floor, family of Charles Feidtor, tear iniiaimS. t n escaf ied by jumping outof the winlow. Mr. Fehttor badlyburton leg.Tbtrd-floor. family of Bobert Bursa, self, wn> and fvccbikren. They ail escaped to toe roof except Entiry. a child of five years of ace. who —wss taken to the station bouse.Fouitb floor, Mrs Nohu and son escaped to the roof, iBrunaaa No. te«S—First marketbyJO.Smith. Luesaboutsao noSecond floor, family of Markua Nathan, twife and Ave children. Mr Xchildren to the roof and told thethen returned for h a w.fe and other children, 1 entering the room, be toand they had jumpedwindow to the sidewalk. At teat moment 1 twocbtldrvnhehadtakentotheroofcallingforHas, they hau followed boa beck into the,building and wore) miffiaratten with the smoke B e went to search ef teaThe Prince of Orange is here, sojourning in the Hotel Bristol, in the Place Ytndome His Basal Highnass was Niagara Falls, ortoany otherschemes, receivedyesterdaybytheEmperor aadEmpressattheU>get ilu- BBeiuvf aid of Fnuice and .^pain. la indulging in the domestic commerce of the United states, hov this hope tin y are supported bv M de Gabriac, the ever, a much greater than im foreign tonnage, andbau: lose about SI ^00i moured. Tne firth floor was oc- cupied as a prepared chalk manufactory, by John Ii 'too; leas about $1,000. The building to owned by J. a W. Hyler. tt isdamagedabout$ft,000,andisinsured mtea Irving Insurance Company. Tbe origin of the fire to un- known at present, but it wili be investigated by ate Fire MaraaaLOTHZK FIKBS DI QBEa7TWTCH STHBtT.Shortly alter twelve o'clock on Monday morning a a r e broke out in a stable in the rear of No. « B Green- wich street, owned by Mr. Moloney It was partly de- stroyed; loss ftiaC: no insurance One boras was so se-ana of the projects by those mho mam wittingTbe King of Portugal apporate for his Plenipoteatiarieaat the approaching Congress, Count do Lovrmd.'o, hie Mmrunning their men, and neither'of them will yield to l b - other, it is not impossible that they may be ultimately both defeated by tbe conservatives. .The abolition of tbe system of legal piracy exercisedialsei but one thing I must say looks as if he were' tell ing the truth, and that is, with ail bis many infamous acts, me government not only retains him here, but so 'ar have supported bim.I am certain there is ao truth in the suspicion expressedcountries that have fostered and protected their com merce, products and manutactures, have developed their wealth, and rank highest amongst nations. We, as a na- tion, should imitate tbem, and not leave thaw matters to private enterprise a n i competition.to undertake them. Bat mark the result of this ister in Loncon, and Viscount de Paira, Minister in Paris.mhiiii (aias mto dog in the manger policy It We are still uncertain ss to tbe nomination of the Pope.to authoritatively stated that Prance, Russia, True M. Hon will undoubtedly be one of the representatives ofSpain. Lord Wodehonse is here, but incog, and haston, Aamrto, Spain, ami even Sardinia—"*t tu srufe"— dairy conferences with Lord Cowley. The Austrianhitherto by the naval Powers is rapidly becomiug one of in many of the American )ourhak>, that England favorsthe lea ling topics of the nay. Yon are aware that meet France tn l o r views upon Mexico All the recent acts otings have already been held at Br .-men and Hamburg, in that government In this country show clearly that whichresolutionswerepassedadvccauniitheinviolability they are with the polcy initiated by the Unitedcf persons and property on the high seas in can.' of war.and w e have now accounts from Stettin that thi* Chamberof Commerce of that city has resolved to petition tinPrussian government to urge the adoption of tins princi-ple a t the approaching Congress. T have already hintedthat Prussia is not disinclined to do so, and consideringthe influence of the authorities upon the expression ofpubiic % inion m this country it is b y no means Improba-ble that the movement may be partly owing to suggestionsreceived frcm official quarters, pointing out the utility ofsuch demonstrations to support the action of go«ornniei)t hie associates rdace them in an equivocal position The especially in connect!, n with Cuba. Our knowledge of en a question so nearly affecting tiv> interests or the com pursuance of this plain course of dnty bv the BritishSarwugb their ambassadors at the Porto, toW. the Stilton the canal should be built Fund EBendi, the only Turkish opposed to tbe canal project, resigned, ana the i toand himaetf sariwamssd b y mast pressingfries* *. with oniy the sword of Damocles, wiejfded by Bngtoad, on the ether side. Now, what do we and? Why.England backs down, aad gives ap the point That such a the ease in reality. any one who runs may read. | 'The lwaes. Lord Palmerston a organ, m its tender yeacircular, the dyaastieism of which is so obvious, has al-readybegantobother theEnglishAmbassador:hothisloroahip piques himself greatly on hat knowledge, of cha-racter, and believes fiem hts frequent intercourse withevery one of tbe magnates who will on the 6th of nextmonth constitute the great council of the canferonoe, thathe sees h-s way to a safe solution. Lord Wodehouse miesBsanFmiEe. it is said. Bum hi* principal. But the trutha. that Lord Cowley though representing England, has aslittle to Jo with England's views in the matter as a bank-er s chief clerk has to do with the real property of thebouse be serves. In many reflects the ambassador isThe late war in Europe caused the producers sad ope- rators in the produce of this country to entertain the be- lief ot an extraordinary export demand, at consequent highprices. Tbeunexpected declarationofpeacefrus- trated completely this idea, and the consequence lias been a serious prostration of these interests.verely burned that be had to be kilted.tended iLto tbe grocery store adjoining,fire was extinirciabed the building and stock was < to the extent of about $600.A foe was discovered by the police erfthe Fifth;on Monday Bight at about half past eight o dock to tins liquor store of Thomas Ryan. It originated from a gas burner setting fire to a shelf, and was extinguished be- fore any damage was done.FIRE IK EAST THlaTlBTH STBSBT.About half past four o'clock an Monday afternoon a fire occurred in the dwelling boose of Colonel Vooburg. 40East Thirtieth street. It originated frem ttto register ofthe hot sir furnace, sad before the flames could be ex- tinguished, the furniture and building were damaged as the exit nt of $1.000. There is no insurance on the furni- ture but tbe building to saUi to be in-ured.Tne alarm for the Third dte'rict at half oast seven o'clock was caused by a chimney at 312Spring street. .Nouamaga.FIBS OT BROADWAY.At bnii past nine o'clock a Are w a s discovered o n t h esecond floor of No. 301 Broadway, tu itus uweniag mC a t B Chambers, who also occupies tbe first floor as a jewel- ry store. The flames were extiogiushe i by the fireman. Til- damage to the furniture will be about 4i,6U0, insured for $1.000 in the'»P..!tgers ana Exchange Insuran % Com pastes. There «ill be a dsteaev of about MOO to ttto stork and fixture? insured fu. $11,000 as tollows — Rutgersmi of iscuiucc with wh.^h L.rTC-iwiev cnshruies him-the IL-Diediate reEuits of ail tiie'S^i treaty nt'Kotauoas at L•ware and jucbiog interest his b.•n *o sucoe<&liii e. .ts competition wan the foreign, as tc aa^e caused a materialNSW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 4, I860-TRIPLE SHEST.Sedges have not ss yet be-The effects of ananas are not readily overcome. Tbey gardedasofficial andasthoprecursor ofaforma!decla- lingerlongafterthecauseisremoved,aadaterelapseis ration of war, which to-day is spoken of as cer- to be feared and guarded agatost. fVoaaadttissiit OBI- tionwerenot,afterall,cotbysomeviolentmoseure.It roomofthelateDr.Jonas,afterbeingrepeated1. tainintheeventoftheAmericanCongressdoing dtuonwemostrecover1slowly,andthemoregradualthe is said that the Emperor wishes to abdicate in favor of adjourned, will now take place in a few days. I men- anything bat condemn the recognition oi Juarez and vote improvement, the more healtofulanu permanent the cure.Assemblyof1H4S,andthattherewasafairprospecto Archduke MaTiTnirtsn The amiable character and libe- his being returned. Since the dissolution of that AsaemhustatenregardingMexicoAttnesametimethattheyare taking this high position they absolutely refuse to consider any of thoatmands made by the Britishrepresentative for the many oatisges upon the lives and property of Ameri cans in this country, and they are so enraged against the Brit..- h government for its suspected intention to recogniselargely,inviewofapromising spring tradeto1*80,ex Thirufloor,familyofMosesGreesman,consortingafax erased a wise precaution, and, in .very many cases, petsens They all escaped to tne roof except me boyral tendericits of thp Prince are well known, and no doubt, were the Emperor of Austria determined to make the ascr Jlce, mtay difficulties might be solved thereby.bry, however, which led to his exclusion from a post b • occupied under government, he has entered with snSees? mto cdmawdal and industrial undertaking (agreatmn chine biti:..tng establishment at Magdeburg, and others . tnwbkhbigfeahni'jalabilities renderhimmdtspensabt , and which take up hii time so complrtely chat he wool. beunabletoattendtohii<parliamentaryduties. Heh.»countermanded their orders; and this very want of busi- ness bas, m this way, proved a check on our onward movement, which BOW promises to be a regular one.Uur merchant* well uudestond there, own business sad tbe wanisofthecountry. Inflated times mayleadthem to overtrade, but, taught by their recent sad experience, theyareatthismoment'sufficientlyconservative,aniarejj-ab.ageo about four years, who in tne darfcaaman4 confusion was tost, Be was snflocated.. Fourth Door family of Andrew Ooasrove, six pstsaaa in all. They made their escape to the roof. An old wo- managedaboutfiftyyears,named M»ryUwire,whowas smpping with the family, was sttfioeated. Bar body' tak«nttitbestationbouse.m the meantime, however, there is no patent sign of aaythmgofthe kind- YesterdayPrinceMahtototefawas receivedattheTu:jjriesingreatstate,todeliverhiscre-the constitutional government, thattheoutrages uponpawed to he auastoal to British totorusia. Somebody said dentials as ambassador and plenipotentiary from the consequently been obliged to decline appearing as a cat. English residents at the bands of the clergy parry are not likely to glut or overstock the market Such an event Th" building a owned by L. B Beod. tt IB*.tot* could omw by Sues and the Bed Sea from the Ue atetrraaaan, creatag a ahort veyag* to India,, withoat the mccasny of any transhipments, or a journey sround the Chp*, Tiieste and Marseilles would become places of great,sad London be no longer the centre of the oftheworld.ThePreachpapersremonsfe-ai •d at the firman interdicting the scheme, disaussmn p a s torced en, and what were wo told f Why, the States very coaly—this .was seme two or throe weeks ana stated that England had no possible objection to the canal, if heoaid be built; hut objection was made to itl be- eaaas it was feared that shareholders would Urns money ifm» mahiiig of the canal wars attempted.What a wonderfully benevolent soul John Ball. Id hisnational capacity had all at once become! No govern ,objection had ever bean started to prevent Englishcourt of Vienna- He assured his Majesty that that the Emperor, his master.set the highest value en his personal friendship, sad that notL.ug eoald prove so agreeable to htm as to feel that the b-iada of intimacy between tbe two Empires were drawn closer snd closer Napoleon replied as follows:—largely en tee increase. It is a question if Mr. Mathewwill be produced only by the desire of European mannfac turere and consignors to get rid of their goods by BBtoaaaat to this country.about SS.onri, and is not insuredTbe deceased were taken to tne Seventh preetoct Icapacity for departing from the mechanical role his dtpk>people are bent upon sinking* then- money m matic education had fitted him to, he will have no tempta merdal world. It is favored, too, by the whole German representative ba.- caused inxpericnoed persons to talteher wealth induced us to proclaim the truth, which events have proven that she is abundantly able to carry her crop withoutdepeelingonforeignaid.The sugar refining interests of this country were not remunerative until the List >;uarter of ttte year. They have,sustained themselves and are now in a prosperous condition.The importations from China hare -not been to exoess, and the stock of both teas a u l piece gooes is comparative- ly .-mall. Teas, it is understood, h a v pan a small profitof geod sense iigatast M. de Lessens amihts. principle which hat shifts have once laid down farblast, would appear to contradict the statement I ventbe Congress by the Prussian sot^rcm^nr. it wonli be vrith the full absent ano apr^'babon of England, if we bad Bft seen used of ian? to see tlus Emjlisn p-t'Rs "Jurat) Jim Crow'' with an ajriUty worthy of toi-*r neishbors on the oppee.tc stde of the cnanne' • How l«;ug aito is it auio- the Ktitfl declared priit;vely that Br'tain -never' tever ' would attend the Congress, or it she did, i would only be on osrtaut condiVions which she would no swerve from on any arconnt*—an'* y t wv now s>«e the Bnueb I .t^:potential.xrs prenar'nn (o take their ni*c-' a the wurjr*i boBrr" nrjdt'r th- aiapicee of OO«L! Walewvk: without any condtt'ons what* vet1 Besides, after bsviugor to advise the Suisaa against four greatof coarse wa all understand what this means. In tbe aflnirs o f Europe—particularly in matters relating to T ar boy, Gooses and P>rto«al— England baa km* pteyed tbe part «.i"* biuly That « a game, hoeafw, tea* two. aad w i n than two, can play at; aad when four gwajt Powers, betides several tmailer ocas, insist that the British go-®t shall j»ot stand in the way m j improvo- ail toe world are interested mi Madamtured, not without good authority, inane of m y formershow to any one v.ith the most unutei smowteugeof tneacts and act the amiable Two woe*a ajo racier a very English, as are all ha tastes and Emriacdttrcst Brttom ooukt have reared ftrscefatty froth the coa- • net liktly tosufler on this accnuit. He is, in fact, onehis lavor, and thus prevent the «l*»ction of either of to two others, who are equally ontousto him. Tnmy opinion the result of tbe election will bo determined by an -_nder standing Vtween the drmocrars and the hbf rats, who, if they unite in tbe support of either Mchittz" or H°unig, or oranythirdcandidatetheymayfitupon,cannotfailtob--ether war witii the Cniteit States they will triumph,. energy and skill of the American people will not permit Firemen*' Find msurasce eompaoiaa The fourth aaor But in WKUI* their present portion they hope at least this tcrpid condition to continue. The tonnage employed was occupied far .the storage of apples, by Barnard Me-lajtog ant their money in railways at Panama, inhowever wild or uasafe, much k m to Ito-md the carrying Tuilertes. Sir Bobert Peel is staying at the same hotel. •ucceESfuL V , on the contrary, they bath persist in Mexico a European prince. This is his story. It may bo constitutes an important element in tnetr success. Otherhim to put his political friends right when taeir disreputae should COBOCTB ourselves in] Joins tioatodoso. Heisamanoffewwords,sotssmuchon press whiletheEnglishjournals,andtheTintsespecially, certainadsofhi?fortheprotectionofhisfellowcountry- we oa#edone to counteract the delusion- W e calculation as because oi tbe paucity of his Ideas. Hi- cct tmue to discotrntecaijee and rWttcaie it, as they di 1 men and American residents as acts of hostility to tbe that we are bound to sustain eternally great strength is his obstinate adherence to sotB>> Secretary Marry s despatch. tn ISod. Ku;, at tbe first constitutional grvtM'nment. They arc eitaer uitouti'inallyana and Cuba, have varied, and at one period of the year were looked upon with uneasiness and apprehension,teraav. says very tamely —••9enously, however, — excellently adapted to the position. for really, not havingase ao reasoa why,. If the French <- 'er stupidly «roeg, as ail the doings of Mr. Mathew musthim—no sophistry, no casuistry, can movehtm, and the natural uprightness of his character consmunicaiions, tbat m c*£c the subject was broached at Mexican' and tee way to get on well with them. No. Eng•s. ci course, an important auxiliary Those wno wii have to meet him know beforehand that after the Eng liah Plenipotecuarv has said his say it is e n h throwing away woriss to attempt to reason with or cajole him, aud that u* he modifies his premises it will onlv be in cons*} quence of further instructions from headquarters. The objections brought against t.m m England of his un-En<£ ush prejadtoea, in consequence oi his foreign otweattoo an<t residence, 1do not think important His natural cualando«*santsympathise withany but the American policy in Mexico; bni if the United biates w;« do notuiog ii re, rather than to see tbe country go on much longer in an aruliy, I oaie a&v Ktigland wouM back any country that wculi! eftaaiishorder, and I do not see howauy on«, h >* ever tibergl or American, can took upon this bleeding country w|lboutsa>uig m pity -'the sooner u a takan frrm this wreictesd people the better.'"t./pttiit'ii m very much divided in this country Regarding !he actual charnrti-r of tne American policy, ao I the mice:taiBiy cn lots efibject hni been im cause of the hostilto the importers done betterTobacco.—Theout is inferior, and fine qualiuea will sueuun t,ood prices. Tbe main profit of the tobacco interest has resulted to the grower, inasmuch as the leaf opened at high prises. Trie market has been cinstanOy receding, acd the miuufac turers have reaped no profit. Jobbers and dealers in the manulttctured a. tide were cautious and supplied Uiem- selves as their wants dtctati-1, an*! though th y have ao'tee i, bbi BOW there is a o grace, to such a step. \ She even of those men whcse'i«elings.arn of that titcontroniai natur-puts a wry race cm the affair while halting out, of a tho- thai it at otiLcuit to say with whom or what he doee mas so utterly scooted tbe principle wnloti a now sought to .>e 'ty tc Antencan inteitsis in the count, y. Ttieflcl^rgyrauttoy uaieuaaie postcaa. Bat toe matter Will not be sympathise oat of tbe circle of his own domestic hearth enterced, rt wnild not d.Lto torn round all of a su-'.den. caturaliy are opposei] id Uie Ur.ited -UiJo. an ! will ttgnt I :nae.e muney, they have kept tiiemselyet, as a generalii**n up without a struggle. Some of the journals think Of his children be as so doatin^ty foud that he is never the British hoc should show b» teeth. As todthe pa/.ry happier than when, stretched at full length on the flo->r erth coo :n*t thia country looked on the question only as be hat) them rollins) and tumniiug over hi«n in'aildiard to cefen^. wtiat they ha»t formerly rejecter!; H would show t o plalfc'y that they were naly actual"'!" by selfich motives, and that what thev hat denv d' to the i"lvm« ">' justice and buma^icy they wfWi ready to grant as si>ou aarattier liisa surrender to Amer<can .itctaii.jc. and many of j thing, in a eafe condition.thi cjtct liberal rf the Mexicans are onpi ECUto tho L'uited lmporte'd wines and liquors hare been profitable, from litotes bcosnse they know tiiat nopo.nl caa bj <lw tuteir i tbe fact of a comparatively small ltuiioruuioc. The pro- coui,ir> WtUio;.L an iltocUve intervention, and Uie.y S'lS- | duction of wine growing countries in Europe has net beenBrevoort W.':SbBgtOn Excoaneea financial cue, anu a bad investment for atocxboders, rections: aad his wife is his friend and conSdnat tn even-;yon wiii see by the artietos to the London r>to/rap4 the step he takes aj publk oris pnvate. Bat outmde of this tbe>r own !nti"r*f»cs w-re ai utaic rn rart, I«b"u'1 n •• p < I and m r toe I'n'ted Stales will not Jo this. Vs an much beyond tbe borne want, an-1 t V export to thib coun- Wall Street.war an< other pspera\ that such is not the Til* taken of ite- quest.oa t>y tbe publicgenet ally.Totalmerit of yielding while In bW hea.'t • b"vtp h« wa> ,n OLe if the iC'eriiir dies. Sl-eSXini: of tor- McLfSOe i t.on of the grape used tn tliis country, wu'ch is tn lact The building is damaged a^om $4ou Insured m the(harmed circle the man us cold, haughty, jealous, siis- ptcio&B, overbearing and intolerant except winsre h)1 knowsmilwellthatbemostnotindulgebis tnoo1. C"'b«: surprised to eee I^oid P%lmerston oppng'" the measure fcviUmce ot wnat I say, I make the following extract from I try t>as been comparatively light. There is, however, a in qnest.oi to the very utmtst. and ' loakt. a ,^-eai tueUuerjr a mtst .ntc-liigeut anu wortny [leistia living very large consumption of what patoes for foreign prodic-it»oa-. undone*ndiybeperfectly just for Efytrt andb>>r a. k-s—those nations desiring the highw: j—to con- aw h-mme. say tbe French, txtraorrimmrmmi rvjide. tl ovr.jfiTerj to h a v a system abirfwhed, from which m t*i^ Lento treaty be says:—•• Indeed, I am more disposed to. price of the pure article The distillers of domestic liquorsKnickerbocker Insurance Company. ASOTHKE FIEE t>' BEOADWAY.u.t pr vStS anions! tile peopie-ol a very genera! .latrc-o j The hi: e and leather tnterestB ham not h - n spoA t V n«,4."y, ui. i "—««uat.-st is to be made prdftab!" by a play u et'i^jKcunus par: m wnatever rostt..>a he may be eternal gratitude of msnk'"-i, '.vhen in rt**btv be n , on'/ a^a nti atefcrei^ii-rs, for thicommoii pet.pie caun-t (for , past year, but their capital and woitSf rifre attained*cahr of lolls, an-, a is to be oaen to aR. njaUous sliic • 1 ',«• Suez Ship «Iaaai will inevtutb'y be boijit, and tue Cnneti states wiil share m the advantages. Tplaced.foregotnc a priviege which tue march of evente ha! renoCTfd rahieless.iau* It is damaged aboit $', ,60oi insured. Phmnes God- t trey A-sr- occupied part of the beiidiog s s a bookstore aad I'n.on square Post Office. The liters were saved, but the #•to :k anu figures are datmigcd abo<Tt $50") Insured fo $1 ^t)n ui tile City of Hariford and Everett Insurance compan-es. The butiding No 82SI,owneo by the Ion, lard estate, was damaged about $100. tosurad m the Lonllare insurance Oomoaxy It was 6ccui«ed i y Chas Hobbe 4: S-*n as a paper hangingjlku'i paint Store Iyjes oe stock anout $300. ineureuJ#P$i0.oo») in to i Phemx, Lcriilard, Monta-ik and FiretufiKlns iraace coniiiaaujs.Fi&E IN Hor^opi aTaaatr.Between nine and ten o'emck'a lire occurred in the por-View of tht> ground. The canal is to go froo) the oay of Bcis, to rto henor Vb the memory ( tb» doee&aed Sir.PawameD, en :he Mediterranean, entirely to tj»e east of -x'A ititsoc. Mautier of the United States to Franc?, Mr. Curtis, -the ^onth ef Eng'ana. but he has been BOdreadfully re race and fl|e heartless diidonsaoy of toe United Stales."ta> moatns uf the Nde. aad run aearly adjei south to the treasurer of the chapel, made a stai^txtetit relating to Bars, ninety miles along the site of the ancient the import roned state cf the fui.iia oi' tbe chapel. Heruced by tins last atia;k. that trareHintr is out oi"the question Beth mmtaiiy and pbysiffa!ly he is m a de piorahle cocdilioD. and it would be a merry 'or himself and bis family if he was released from La duilcnt gs.Tiiete arhphe opmiOL-s of a wealth} and iu o'.igrr.i Mexi- CPU who speaks for himself, bat, I thh.k. expiv.-o3cs the seiii.nitntoi many others.manufacturing interest resulted mainly to the adrah- tsjr<. of the eash oealer.The dry J*hod8 interest is a very important branch of trade, as connected with our foreign and deraosuc uom merre. s.>uibracing not only articles of necessity, but alsoosaai, built in the time of the Pharaohs, passing throned a natural valkj, using several fresh water okef.leaving the tomt of Goshen on the right •nd'runuuig closje l>y tii«; an-rather unwit^ly tack.. J Uts obf rvations to a motiou he made fi>r erecting a Uolet to Mr. Mn*cn's memory <.*a the waits oi the chapel, an i thereoy caused tue meetingThe Anteitear, policy of Mr. Bnclianan ha« forced thenecessity Of an American intervention in Mexico, anu th"longer n is detayed the worse n will be tor both parties. thoee of taste and luxury, and has b"en more closely a.-•teat Feraepoiitan Bionuinent erected to the; memory of suddenly w>break up. Since then, however, the follow- Dt fa lent ion o f t b e State Treairarer o fCkenhyses. and entenng the Bed Sea j:ist by) the caster.i mawSotSBon. The railway already built is a-; >ry U>mr.esi; g lames have Termed tnemselvrs into a citumiitee.— Mesdamen Berry. Bigekiw, Cranei:,Giacuzi^r Green, Dak-, Evana tiiMt, huiton, Pepper, Kicnariis, TowLS-saa, TrotiMa rate.[From tba Portiand Argus, Jan. 2.]1 be acts Of tbe American government have forced thecleigy tonetiiion the aid cf France, and, whether tneyh>d to the agency than any other'The two staples of cotton and wool hare maintained fulland satisfactory prices throughout t h e year Although« aad drcuiboos route, betsg 1S4 miles from Aiexan-to Cairo, and §4 miles from Cairo to ii|nts. L*nl«s u.r, WsMh, Warden, Thorndike, Bowl. Carta, U'pau,For two or three days there have been rumors currentin our city tiiat the Stiue Treasury is in trouble—pecuniary,af course ; and tbe same authority sets his liabilities andprobable deficit at a high figure. If this be so, his bonds- without force; and if fo'ce is used, difficulty will fol!aw. excess.sorvejs of the engineotsand the maps and plans are Kiitcliti^on, Janes, dtraia,Moore. PhaientSargcsnt, Sbap.untrue to nature, the plaa is perferUy (a* lev, Smith, Tceanr. Tomsou, in order that a pablic saieBat that m not the most] interestiiiT os fancy articles may be beltl on tbe 20ih, 21st and 22 t men will also be involved, one of whom is Veal Dow. and the United States v.-iH be compelled to do a- a aoe.es Our domestic manufactures of both cotton and woo!bjectofdiscussionatthisrnomeatThe;questionis, in*t."utbeBoulevarddesItauens,forthebenekt Great Britain be permitted to stand ' in the way of a oftiiv .unds of the American chapel M. Court, the artist,by the treaty are well enough, but they cannot be held sumption bas been fully adequate and the supply is not inWecancotgetatthetactsyet,andthereforespeakonly sitythat-whichtbecivilizedworldisnowcallingouttorhavebeenentirelysatisfactory.Thereisnosurplusageofon the 11th was reduced to prison in the fact that the great West, which is a large consumer, is Iaiace. lee act has been a pluekv one, for Mar- stillembarrassed.The upper part was occupied bv S. flibb aaa dwellmg. lama^c to furniture by tire and water ab'iut $l.«00 no msuriuie".The:buiidiDE15o-modbyWni.(Amersaau. It is damaged about $l,ooc. liisured for $6,000 in tne 1'ark Insurance Ccmtiacy.FIKE IN TniRD A VENt'S.At four o'clock on Monday afternoon a fire occurred tothe dwelling No. 141 Third avenue, among some bedding-, extinguished with a few pails of water. Damage trilling.FUSE IN EAST NINETEENTH STEEBT.About nine o'clock on Monday night a fire w s s tiscovered in the dwelling house No, 26 East Nineteent su-set, caused by the furnace heater, exttngmthed py tne police.FIXE IN LBXJBfOTOM AYENU^.Shortly after ton o'ctock on Monday nu at a are oerarred in the house of No. 16 Book aad i^adder Company, earner of Fiftieth street s a d Lexington avenue. Before tne flames were extinguished the building and truckubo considerably damaged The fire to supposed - • "work of an incendiary.STBS D» BAST TWENTT-smrOWBAbout tee o'clock y^otorday morning a fire« the dwelling boose No. 170 East Twenty igreat commer aal project, to toTeSStog to the wUu!e civi- bx. tt worH. simply becaose ahe sees m tat ejeccntion a htow at her manttme aad ccoameveml supremacy ? Th • toadiog 1-owers of Earope are just now saying eaaphati-jhT*^|sa."The fortunes and prospects of the Great Is Hern are[looking brighter. A meeting of the aha/ehnfdters.« to be m January, and in a few nays wo are to have tooI report of the arbitrators betwesn the builder. Mr Sott idl. aad the Company. I have direct positive infbr- that this sward will be entirely favpraole to Mr.Burnett I say hbto with the move pleasure! as m>wt a n jast cuuenifats have gone forth m lettarato the press, Jhwas interested parties and others, some of which havoiuss handsomely presented the ase of his rooms for the oc- casion, and during the three days his pictures will be ai uti 10 remain on view. The cbapet is the most beauti-ctcstat-t temple in Paris, and, cost, I believe, in theof current rumors But it will not at all surprise ua if tt tbt m to do as a charitabie duty.Eiiail turn out that tbe people of Maine have been fleered 4to tbe tune of from one hundred to one hundred an i dtt v Gt u. Mare.uez, the Butcher, is now in pi ison herethousand dollars, by their State Treasurer, B D. Peck. He arrived in tbis capital on the luth, at. . gree, disappointed the importers aad jobbers, from theI appeared ta too Has tipA lata meeting, convened b y an mdignant shareholder,aaat Jan. Iton. tBUVail •natoies snsttors pertohnag to tbesttpaul he brought Lirward,aad soato dflfltnto actionss a* every bream were sutpeuuod. Then smldeuly broke out 1rem behind the scene* those thrilling notes whichailtheworldhadcomepnrposetytohew,butA o f t h e rhegnmg setTo turn1 to theatricals; Gtegiini, the tenor, who had aireadJMaVcn such gouien cp'nion.- in England, has at tangth id before a Paris audience The or*ra chosen for was •• II Trovaiare," anu h a nccess, I Uiiaa, as complete a? hi? mo;-! fanguine aiiimrers could have desired. The Dalian Opera on the ot-Gj&iou was fa'i to the very ctilmg. anu 3nch wa.- the Uiten& anxiety ma-The facts most come out in tne course of the w-rk, as the Legislature meets and the Governor will be compelled to i.edare tbe condition of affairs in his message-It will be recollected that Mr. Peck went into politics from the pulpit of Casco Street Church in this city. He was for several years editor cf the Ttotarrance Journal, and became Treasurer of riiato an tue accession to power er the republican party, iu 1SS6.POBTLAsm, Jan. 3,1900. 0. D. Peck, our State Treasurer, Is a defaulter and the Governor and Council have notified the banks having de-£11land a n d constructimi aomethtng liUcThere is slways an excellent congrega-quiz bag ttie support of tbe great men in the church, .-'nee tits uri.triEor.ment M*rqu<z h a s been declared in Esne, bud it ii. believed this report has been put in circu- lation for tbe purpose of creating public sympathy for him, and to aQord an excuse for paedomug him fir his many atrocities, and thus stiisfy the many demands male for his poaishment Mlramondare not ban* him. a s he has declared h e would, for Miramos has been guilty of pretty •nuchasaad acts ss those perpetrated by Marquez. The only point of difference between the two is that Mlramon is in power and Marquez wiscbeg to get in, whiim is the actual matter of difference between tbem.Many arrests have recently been made for reported con- spiracies to favor of Marquez. The .tails are again Utied with unfortunate fellows of little importance andKless in fitieccc ht the community. Amongst tbe SMSHNtmpor tant personages imprisoned are two French oofc8,)whose incaicerstion has been a severe lose to our ban vtvatttt.The infamous conduct o f Gen. Woil a t Zauatects stillcontinues against the interests of the En?us*i an I Amencan merchants and residents of that place. Mr. MAthewactinium to enter his protests and shower hie throats \The tobbing interests of New York and other cities of tbe Union we judge to b e , generally speaking, in safe and conservative hands, snd the trade has done a fair busi- ness ' Notwithstanding the city retail interests stillered materially last fall, the indications are fair for the jobber the coming year. This depression in the retail trade is.the natural result of a general domestic economy consequent upon the crisis of 1H57 and accounts for thi tight sties of fabrics of necessity Fears a r e entertained tnat there will be more or less embarrassment in this Use. The population developes t h e fact that there a r e approxi- mately 6,000,000 of householders in f i e United Mates, and estimating a contraction in economy of the smali sum of £60 each, makes in the aggregate a domes- tic saving of $300,000,000. These figures, Based on a very low estimate,show how a comparatively smtlI economy affects trade and protects a nation against bankruptcy.In the numerous other branches of trade, which our limits will not permit ta tc follow out m detail, there has been a generally fair business.Folicwing oar usual custom at the close of each year, we present to yen onr table of statistic!, embodying suchO'Wrlii tion in tCtJCUiJmoiiucg, but very few come to attend the eve-broke down tor want of a quornss. There was considers nifestad to hear the iRjistrirms dPwtant. that when JKwis of StUe moneys to pay co checks drawn by aim. has "notos aau coafuaion,- bat no rosoliitmaa, nor sensi- the preliminary scenes were over which were to Tbe State is secured by his bondsmen, and he had madesas cf.nckiswas at the meettog of shareholders to ne introduce him tiic stillncfs m the house wasover bis property as securityCapeCadandthe Inion.fartingthecommercmlposftioaofthe.grank-sttof laoirton ai thitot IBIs Use world ever paw. There which, now that they were heard, seemed to take every THB NATIONAL XZN OF BARNSTABLE, HIASS.. INeoCTMJn.. ThenationalmenofBarnstable,Mass.. helda meetingsadamajorityofthe•bareheki oeing inf^iirsf plausewhich followed, Giaglini wasequally •aoceisful onth<Stithult. Wehaveroomonlyforsome oftherehinow a direct prospact that the shto will be Ishartared to one by surprise, they rang out no clear, so boll ilk:, soMr.JohnOrrellLever,M.P.severalofthekudtogDWectors fullofBaste. Atthe ciaciusioo ofmisbeautiful sere node the house seemed to rock under the rounds of apaaaise. IT toot m done, it will wre three er four in the -Di Quelia Peri" ana the exwaanto "Mnuon " It•ssesraaw aaan The nossBssv was raise mmeM aaoagh to was the opinion ef some parties that his voice rather fail-pay off aU tue debts aad ftaish the skip, Shawn! be put ed of power; aad If there is any deficiency a, is here. Buttotova mentor trade. aad the shareholders wtlfbe goaraa- he has perforated on two oncsstons since, snd each tune as citizens of the United States, whose property on th-. a headsosse dtviaead an then* shsn i as par- R M with a ci -a*ed tuoeefs. cct an is everywhere protected under the American flag, i to bo hoped that tnis wUl b - done, tor tflMr. L^ver At tbe Grano Opera Devil's opera of "Hercalanum" anu whoa** prosperity is derived from commercial inter-caused candle.T i t ob y a child setting Damage trifling^Harmor*1fireparsISBBBSBSBJtoodansissalof.fisasralTantentiea Itappearsmatbisutaaforthereorsanisatlonof obligationwhichbinds together thawStatesinoneCOBtt wul be awn, by reftw««* » ** table, that in thefailuresinthecity* ^'J0** ^ abouthe army had been di- isanl in Cabsnst Council previous tothejourneyattttorYmeeRegenttonreatou,sadafterauBssiaf ttto speclac rwasnas tor every alteration pro- posed,wasflaaliyapprovedofIfailtheministersproman bead of Union—and that Massachusetts has no more tighttocomplainofVirginiaforimiictmg thepenaltyo: her offended laws upon Joan Brown aad his followers, than Virginia has to complain ef aaawnwaaTawi for ex?cut »g the pirates, iaendttrtes snd murderers thatfrom time to time have paid the forfeit of their lives within herjBritdinsniAnd therefore, It morally sad logically follows thats\ apathy with Jefah Brown is sympathy with tike crimes ej murder and,treason under the laws of a aimer atato amitheconstitutionoftheUnitedStates,whichmakasus m e people, a a d that to pretend to condemn the act and arprove the motive, is only saying we approve of motives ahchmustbocnmiaal,becausetheyleaddirectlytotintCaptates Stone ar.d isi-.im arrived here on the 12th on and a hah* pw cent < * « * « * £ » sntobor. In 1868 a tittlettte Somih bueiness. Capi. Stone left on foe 17thto return over tone per cent,, and,,to IBM)itou'ashtogton,leavingCaptIsnatnheretoattendtosome thusprovingthattneeffects ortneunfinished bueimjai Oaptoto Stone will be able to give mediately fett » the ehamo* tto TJBJCBV, tor tea percent man Bve bullet wuaads. Be_J _ touch roaabie mfoVmation regaruiug affairs to tola capitalweald bo occasioned b y the now organtxa. sodifficultywas raisedoa that score,there being thaters rsoastatog from Mto votoa- loanaf tho present year,the sppiioatkmof whichandtbestateofthecountry »We ate now all anxiety, pending the arrival ef Mr BudtoJtoCMlfeatoso. Bitbesevereostheclergylaowoa and cotaacd to meuacmg language', you may expect a tfonlarsinr «f war from hare b y next mail. Mexico w yet a shock on ttte boriaon which W tur to swell to gr«ath||»rtanc« boforethecloseefthoyeari860:andUnitel unless tt rectivo attention now it Wtt! cost the UiState*racci.troublehereafter.rafted States Distract Cattrt. irsrEABpe rn OP nus ww wrr® BTATBS rasrfBicT,ce of twenty one cities shows about the same ratio Tue failures"fthe pasttwoyearsharebeenmostly confined tothecountry,sadtttonumbernayappear large,tau tbe amount involvedto comparatively small.STATISTICS OP BAKntcrrcnBs DI TMB rnrrrro STA- JtoBBter.did any of the other0a ttte JSOifil I * — TM , 'vena*onanasl,wrotetoTroskti tion relative to the trial, anoU nioating with Mr. Hunter the son county, east word deJjvered'uptottteDmtodhe sent for Soma, sad informed W a that be b id eon*»'ered theBUbject,and found that ateprotestinvoiv^tM»raoKSl a ets-mr* at tne miliary tost:tati(SMOf tho king- m-> sji ft«wor'.f and ospenaJry unon proteiwa ortdorBlUtX/OS —Rrso'ved. That not as adherents of any party, buissagainst MMclergy in consequence. The result so for hasbeen that the outrages have been diminiahel s> for as information as will aid you in-your calculations for theEnglishmen are concerned, but continue with til vigor as future. xregards Americana. The ctase of in* a obvious. The The statistics we offer vou show that in 1857 there weremnabitaxts of tin county oi Banistabidfamd still higher,course with all the States, South and North, \\.< deem it a public dutytoassemble together '-togrreexpressionto our cpiiiwcs to view of the presentdkturned condition of rubitr sentiment, sad the dangers which threaten thetntea."Resolved, That all attempts in the Union by any por-tion of tho people o f one State, whether b y tcachittg o r jiresching, or other means, to incite insurrection in another State, or to stir up say elan or rac, givemod by its laws, to resateace sad bloodshed, is moral treason against the oonstitatinn in all parsons who thus aidsnd abet such en enterprise: and is actual treason in those who, as the wilful or fsastlcsl insteumsnte of such ineite- BJtflte.ammitoyert acts of violeitce s o d mar iff, aad justly deterve the highest punishment known to the taws.That, mthis view, therecent invasionofour sister State of Virginia, in all its promptings, bearings and acts, is a gross violation of every moral, legal and constitutionalAmeriraa government do nothing effective \ in the United States and British N'ortu America *U,oeI Lateriy the clergy have been violatiog the tariff of 1966 trading firms, and in 1359, 229,71s. The excess of °s0By the tenorDwight Stevensbe Brtodaome _ ^the present BBSjaa m 'BII^IJ I»» a^rities.atriailiBliiBii) and aafby ttte Untoed Itoerensate -atd formers of Capo Cod, whose rights, mo- Untitled Documentr,- \ ATroB>*Y.JAS; m\~The BonWnaes J. Roosevelt, ex Josticocil toeA " CAIX'' m n A GianGTMiif.—Tbe Ooroner of White county Li., bas uttered a reward of $100 'or tiio arrest of Rev.AITIMFul'-y,whoescape!j'rvtmthecustodyofan isttetowhileo-iiikiconveyedfirnmOraysviile, m»b#Car-ISM ftp the Cawmj swdaat Defeat «f Jawawwa a a dJasVa BaiAwafafy asiji itiiif me /ViiaMfiifs Jfaaops— f7ar faranVwith an article filling twelve columns, under th* title,about! nilThe fotlowtog M abuildings, and the iefthosewhamlives1them by this and and heartrending accident.—med iabt Vectored in Cate Uu fratdaUuClergy. aV.,afc.The mouthpiece of tho clergy government has come outPrince R. ir^nt to reference to the constitutional responsi ticle was concluded" in the issue af yesterday, and, after a which prevailed generally, bad dnren capital from itsRamon have been tytog about Paha of an intenoedabdication on the part of the young Emperor of Austria.I have baen informed from very competent authority, war by bis bowing to the Western Powers ; but thia, Iam issue must he resolved en tbo tented tieid. Whatever which have been bought at an overvalue, and wbieh, incarry eat tho project Pennanton m i actually treated that be believes the hand of God is against him I should recommend him to the Oeartof St. Petersburg, and mak sinuating theSame to the Durrio ofieiaL It may be re tooktor much enlargement of business the coming yearthem incline to forget their recant ,rudge aganat him.Well, thea, we shall have war with the. United states, for when Uto sword ot Brenner is tan .urn oitotbesctie, the tentiile of reason, justice and law. ts closed, and theV-.-J. truawii! be—first, to. w c :ra.va.-of mioy honasi • re n; inn in prices.Fti'indet llacrai.s f. om their party; sec«i.<!. W creatiou, b? !Omen o a thedu'.at i•. and the democracy have now resolved to brimforward M. Schultae, of Pelitzsch. an ex mraaber of fvNational Assembly, and who has played » leading part a'tbe recent meetings at Eisenach aad Frankfort MSchultze is a great authority on social questions, havtadevote a himself ail his lite to the improvement of tbe n>ral and physical condition of tiV lowr-r elasces. Athough a thorough democrat, he is a man •> tbe abject submission of tbe people to the to-sotted clergy be sought for as a sap- investment. The crisis of 18a7 Between eight and nice o'clock last night a fire broke"IhavetheBrmhopethattherelationssohappilyre-tooderatoviews,andwouldbearealacquisitionto •.horuletiiem—couidmyreaders-*eandap-hasoperatedfavorablyinthisrespect,byrarcingcapitalt on of the interests of the two ccniitries. Since I have Second Chamber, and distinguished nimaelf by his uncnm tncis, praotiseit by the conquerors upon the Indian over a depressed condition. The competition of other coonwill not lie jorccd to suspend reuuons bete before he re-tiuB bouse, where Coroner Schiriner heto an inquest tthe rx>ciee. and the jury rendered a verdict of "acei- dental death "The banking and moneyed interests of the country are 'unary* Cauld my leader live in Mexico awuiln* and see. rates of interest, and good mercantile paper continues toceives ordersti>go to Vera OuzWeil, ytai may ask, what means all this anparent generally sound. Money remains easily obtainable at lowestablished between the Emperor of Austria and myself the Legislature. Tbe couetltiitionatists have tixed ui>"n preciat< the ignorance and iiolatry. of the Mext-cm only become more friendly by an attentive examina- M. Heuiiig, who wan several years smcr- -i membttr of til' , art:—c'iu4 he know tbe p.»wer which *"a few Our shipping interests, we regret to say. still remain in Lame, cn the second 11.-or of No. 298 Greenwich street.ttitfe isppoaring like tbem; and third, u the tr aty is car from tbe lact that prices are believed to have touchedcover:, g. He hail been advised to spend t v winter in a.ore ill hg ami bi-1 fame, from the igieuance of "aa poor neraiive to the manufacturer, while the credit jobber Iws realized a moderate business Ttei depression of magtt that or not, to declare war upon the Unitedter house cf Alexander Cress,' No 642 Houston street,from illegitimate into more regular channels. out in tile pickle and preserves establishment of IsaacilOC j care ago. still have upon tho greater |>art o! the best tries, 'osiered by direct governmental aid, has driven outciuchted JaVii' iiL=—«:, um he bditve that at thia hour* a our European ocean steamers, acd has had a ten lency to and before the fire was extingnisbad every floor was rhurrh is being bui t on a mountain in Jatis>'o, because' nepres* the interestgeneraily. This, together with the fact burnt o u t Mr Larue's loss will Be about 12,000 said toseen the Emperor I attach, on m y part a great promisinr oppesition to the reactionary measures of MMvalue to has personal friendship. A sincere un- De Manteuffel and Wcstphalin, till they flmuly snccoed<•<"•derstanding between us will be facilitated, I do not dottbt, in ejecting him from bis seat- The conpcrrativea, i;by the choice he has made of a representative whose con- seejna. do not mean to run any candidate of their own lesus Chrat recently appeared there—couid my reader that there is but little export aemaud for American pro- be ia#ireil. Tbe basement, first Caor and third floor ciliatory spirit is well known, and who has as many but to vote for General Brandt a respectable veterar believe all these and m^ny mori equally absurd ducts, other than cotton, keeps it in its present condition. were occupied by John Brower, as a hardware store; bties to my confldecce as to my esteem."It will eot be very easy, I guess, to extract much addi- tional light on the present complicated state of European anmirs from this pithy response. The Western Sgbynx may vie with his prototype tn enigma.who is patronised by the moderate liberals (very mode tbincs I could relate, he might be able to un- ai e the foreign tonnage launched from our shipyards is loss on stock about •10,009-. insured for sn.ooo to the rate,indeed),bywhichthey hopetosecureamajorityH i.i'istiiini that the Mexicans K-lave tnat in an comparatively light We believe, 'however, fh*f thi Nuth Giver.SS.CGumtheContinental and S6.000 tntheFrench Minister, who dec ares that France will lend a greater than that ef any other nation. It at pr jsperous. helpingbancandaidtheclergyWputuponthethroneof The interchange ofcommodities enriches nations andStates Tf Mr Mathew has :ound it necessary to makeheavy and serious demanos against the constitutionalgovernment, the fault is with tbat government for em-ploy tog unprincipled rascals as military chiefs, who•mow v ih-iig of common or international law , andhave committed most infamous atrocities upon for tion, it a conducted on heathy and mercantile prin-Tbe flames ex- a n d before t h esigners. T l is the first duty of a foreign minister to Mt. x:co to force c< mp.wi.ee with treaties and international iiw. and it is not only his duty but an ait of kkidness forciples.The sugar interests, embracing tbe yield both of Louisi-The grocery interest administers directly to the necessi- ties snd actual wants of the country, and is in a sound condition. We are pleased to eav that, from our observa-The jchbers (we speak generally j havecrops are g*>d, but the quality through-$2,000 2.000 2^00 $,0001, $11 000Betweerr twelve and one o'clock on Tuesday morning a lire was discovered in the hoop sliirt manulttcujry of Mtoo i!. J. Carr, No S3l Broatlway The 3ames "pread rapid Iy. and m a short time ti}e entire store and building w?-ar. are. The loss an stock and fixtures wiil be abort $3 tV'O Ins ired In the Kings Orinty *nd ot:. .r mBurancawatteliggei.igei.ee)distiugnishbetweeuAruonrmwandthimthroughoutaa.itheirprosp-e'virem,wencourtiringcompar:s.Thebuillingiso-.-JMbvthe'I-jrillardes# made up here. There is no prospect of a diminution iarotate* and bani^u Ameiican residents. The points jraiiiei there has been a yearly lncreaa*! in the production, coo damugiri,: h a stock to the extent of $1,500; no msuranoe.stock, nor contraction of work at too factories. The im portations for the spring sales were generally remunera- tive. The fall importations have, to a considerable de-At first the clergy government agreed to rotund the small trades not before appearing on our boons. The in- 11 T iiiSkeTTTf Starat prspan I The regular term af thomoney exacted over and above tec legitimate tariff crease of population has also had an effect, and toe—— - — . - « . - » - — nny^ ihttttmkafBaatoia on for this purp<we. Thai to Steven's una! eas probably been made to coastqmnoe ef the aiipniiumani ef ttenaasr Mason's Congn-saioiisl luvestigauoo Committee, who, M has been mtiinated, wul oummnn Pr H-»we. WendalPbtlbps. aad other Northern aCoHttunau be'—e .hem witness**, and it a quite likely tiiatthe ».rgtaia r— saaBBratea wii! subpoena the same pBties arottetrito min on if they g i t a chases- Stevens was tbe nght haad man cf old Brows, and filled quite aa important aost inhiseomaand. Benctd as bin military in*—uctor m place of Colonel Forb-s, and taar*:*i torn a a asa of Shane's rtfle. Bisage«sOattwentyeignt,andhea a native of Norwich. Conn He * a large.v-scoteretargea; but the wants of tho garrisons caused new in fringeuaaili to be committed, snd tbe result is aow that they cannot refund, and, therefore, attempt to excuse th: act Thsy have charged as high as eighty six per com extra datks, and there h u m reason why they n a y net increase if they see fit.The report has tost reached here that Miranwn haskeen completely defeated at Atenqutque—the great bar-rants bstwwn Guadalajara and Oollma—with a loss a' flf- that MiirsspecBVe of to una***. !t»8« toeu ptoses of artillery. The eonstitutionaHste, andcr Bocha.VaileandOgason.aresaidtohavedonetinsbisineat. Ike report a just hero and cannot bo relied on asa foci. ;healthy condition aad good credit of the stoat taftavecaused many new trading establishmentdlflbreatpoints throughout that section.The aggregate of the past three years aasawaaaanj;rupt debt inthe United States aad Brttuui >»ih of tne enormous sum of S4as^56.«Tt, mtwma*, .. Aawraai2«2,Pf>8,508 will prove an abaoiute «** "by rmtreadand other public corporate STiTammmmmfigures weSrottld be mdto*d to discreditbatforthe proofs furnished by onr ro*"TM-Failures» WITM M . . . .4.M7 - s ^ 2 o .4,913 9,tm -4,*8T$2B1,780,*»«5,7«B^B2ft4.J»A,tM0 Mr. Sennou wrote to Mr. Huntov. sbat for theFI5X I S tlEEESWiCH 8TBEET—LOSS ABOUT $ 2 5 , 0 0 9 .The flames soon extended throughout the entire building,Tbt matter bas since been sealed nrriys»*tetfopemteace,abrnaiisndathome.d*pwi?f->n ourmantis;*andcusiaeicialretouungwittial!too%&&days»orninbeforeJadfa asws § States TMetHct Attorney for tin) Suotowrti 2Swww.fultonhistory.comStepreialOiiBrt-,wasWat Vn 130aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York• White county *'^ «- tar 3Ui uiL Finky '» l x.,4itu.i it" kuiniaruut a man in the county above^ 69IV ».<•«•< -svsw aw 