 i^milksops our best to revivewhatofmy departure fnia Tei^ Cns, la the,o^GovecamentTbe £Sukaaid^Prend> MlnSsSra were else bosy English station and culture and wealth, sure- wairant in it for the assertion tlurt it regards bas cooled his presumption and curbed bis mn- With their jpUw «( ooBftealse, into srUca, It wiU IMUntitled Document•pure Christianity.TheMarch and April, 1860, will be a curious studyma etent are fiolly recorded elsewhere. The tight ence devoted to the story of what he' will natu-ail Interference and control of the latfKr."In form this is very plausible and conclu-argument. question.turns. Ittakesforgrantedthepositionthat slaves ore recognized as property by the away, and the City plaqed in the hands of a dred or so of the old Police of bas''international;Board,small InelectedwOI lake ont a fnll summary of news, aad detailed aesooats ef•>- -MHAa were exceedingly indignant at, the con- be will reasonably infer that the one true lify the Federal Constitution? Can it expunge by the mass of theThe inevitablere-may be regarded as decidedly personal.but WSJ attacked by a band of robbsn and put back,llibaaied_ xMb.^^ 3anchof the world can hope to»T--^'BraBnoBi'iTaoHii.SaVBOWnr TEKAT&S—Tb( Gipst OAuaBTxa—I onethatisbeginningtosuggestitselftoaargeportion of tbe public. Their duties are nowasa the aazealons, expedition panaaa "praol^indefatigable of material One of tiis lish1 ,_'•^TT jiiiwiwuinf-^--^Y iMBir'ar Mm,««ttraf nesses were examined on the partto show the melancholy disposition of Mrs. Hae-inand tears, and whose gray haira were brought iahimLATESTNews from Zacateeaaabiaii thatt--.-,„-. .-rnthe The caae will prisoner.tbe jury to-day.prolmblybe givento— tbeof the the welfare,English MlDlsterle meat taanaiata tecUngtherichtaorUaeein^. CAPTumx or thb mxiCAjr-1^ ' t->A~>«were ea psTsoos boarl,lasy wwa^' ^i,'„ , ;Then, again,weare a money-The fact that their sanction should be required for ex.He wasspoke in Hungarian. He also published severs]nportad- officer at fiie«• fat Mr. Oat-^' < •! t-'y*?i~"'SMOii^e extraordinary skill.and the picturesqueofmunicipal duties.Mk the floaibw•*-,.partition fully ^""K'*"- ^'°^There isto slaves be- is not to take•of one yondin it.fea^ .-gp.ptantwaandtheEyots,^"'KMMrtOrleaasby..th<tianBiiac«tterOujs.c' lioiiteot, authors and of—ills is wiiat the Constitution means or what candidate they may put up. He is thebeov." T^T-to both.Adveirity against (beGMMaatproferty,• .of that character, or in situ.theyarein transitufor the mission a: Vera The news from Mexico bv this arrival l« nf a mostbyriaiaawillfirat acts was to introdoce Eng- board mvuu »«*«•••••uawhilet uUitmlm Tikis I>0U4aii The evidence in the New-Jereey murder trial the American name on the Vnh of April (why no right to eonfiscate the property of an Eng-Mk.-.. iBM^i Willi! •• 11"'. 'JMnSNAtlONAL„ iu»IIiu-ml»-'; • fAiRiass. .'.iI_,^. ., .the: regards appointment of Commissioners ofof tbetribuling greatly to keep alive the glorious spirit of'votingIt can be raised, and that the control of seve- great project,opposition'.The last four or five years have made veryprovedSpanish RAiaaBi,Mtt'really woo forremaining within iU limits.France has—m.on Several wit- "l""? *-r was brought to a close Friday.was passed in a career of nsefiilness"as few Ll«ut. TATuaTtowham en "r<mpM>jii*•""'Cue for-i|»mri»il t* lb* PMtAM •««w- <W ASTBKTISEKS.prove tbat we too share this from faith in the soul backthe supreme law.great apostacy 'What is tlie Vse of the Common Vonncil 1period of 17 years, but his despiteliiBloan, aseiutoaniy. «">en?ttadSfloT3FiTSI5 TbtVAMSiiLmmS^SSS. '•*"'« I^Biove^rajls, laMdtasaivM «• <S£t^wSTtaSiMne ahould be »ent in »t the eKlieet **^ o&ea before nine o'ckwk P. M., low allunrestrained to find favor io thein its stead. olficiala. He quitted the army while yet a youngCharities are admin-amiMlj _wil iifMiaiof cluaificatiaD onder the heads HUMi*liartiriirraccn^omedtoleier. Itia,developmentthe resourcesfuPL-tiVJ > f^ MiaebM, tohave that hoar the Isteat foe theawhoever won the Commission City^dx^i^ajt^tttagM ";of their noticea.ml* tkla Brealpc.The President, who has the matter ina decisive report. A resolution to remove all would haveand the Fire Department will ere long proba^TmTaACSlatbi8aov>; Exchangessteady 109^of him.tbat tbeaeentire straDgen to the qflcen r~mrSKUX—AfMrBMs—JaAm OiAn— *«>»'- I JTiiatai T ITT or Ltohs.;»>1 'jBatWIKTH-STRKt^AND ' ' 'taehmeats, aad natiltt>y . jJMWnimfor Flour and Wheat.TOUBrH-ATBNnE less sought after, and closed heavily. Provisions in our way. We can be muscular, but weof Commissioners of Deeds, the remission ofavSJ? ..__ I demanded an expUaatkm, ther lafoiaaed me Itm,'Manasiui. OHJJWL—HABlflAltoltatAMMHITl.comfortablyfish. Hay, Hops, Laths, Molasses, Rosin, Whale ish. This conscience doth makeof histhe superiority of English horses, he contributedto the of the native greatly improvement breed.pajrMJ Kreninc-CAuroaaueye'pentBorrv and confusion of my towat eat^I'^'-f^jtnnt:j;^!'',r.3anc 0HAna<-8aa. Tok Tama.Oil, wererisingWhisky Sugan attracted more attention inniasciiIaT Heathealsm.„sit is hardly necessary toyijJ04nUM>IT SALLKBT—Knmunes or fAianssa. I; ^iyoUtrCmCT—Xp-SW^anuKK't ra«a OALLxarAflUtSXHT OF DESIGK—Cxmamoa or PAomirae. ABf IMSTITUTIOH—KZBuinoHevery respectable man in the City.to tbetloagthese vecssrealwss. ofI eaghieenflaianfdacntmanioTimthieiaeiaiaweMhiKE-WS OF THE DAY.it istheby almost any one else ;..,*:. -. ^Bm CbaileatOB Convention passed an inhar- Ifwhich'VV^-InttitiroaKTan*(iMiy>ii _-.The Oone^ntfres retained Baa Luis Potosi. hut their.Tw* Onn, nnM at ON antatoolato were preparing to attackeverypublicPoliceally maddened by the sight of tbe misery of his were also I , ,Craz,r«naMr-PrtM•BaS Six Dou-ia* > *•«•-TOM niras («^W«<Myh-«ganP«>-j^ronae or success.Fllea of Georgetown, Demerara, papers to April;country, and driven to deapair by Auatrian tyrannyand Thus bas ended a lile whose prime persecution.weraatlUast.ros aUinB.'flmlgg'tmi1i,Wi«"3*"'Ww<D>Mta». 4, have reached us; but they are destitute of tion that a ~people great triumph wuany nation,—and, indeed,K»i«»«a«i r-TOBEinm(WMkiv)-*iiDitaH.4to• news.'couldn't they have waited two for the lishman residing daysofeven themore than while he among greatestpolite sttentUma.'_" - '"-<fam, rejected the doctrine of squatter sot- the prosperous shopkeepers of the new world•v«0WWWcaatinthenegative. Theminorityvote tMi molded aa the first teat of Doitgl as' strengthereitBty, mderty 10 be settled by the Supreme Oont. After an angry contest, the resolutionsaidedClabke, an English engineer.paid. The majority report was preseated by young parsons pale vrith vigil and with fast,"No the fashion of Muscular ;portion of it,tbat there are several most im-ofIn Money, thedays of respose and atbe lime lAksh Id^receipts from California,asbeforereported,|1,455,000. The ofGod'sWhat is the use of the Cemmon Council?great resources of his countrr—Aatoa Lizarsdtoe.aa-tDgiBe prateads toinquinr prevailedThe truth is, ourChristianityisappointmentrsre-horses and huntersraces, and maintained a pack of hounds, and thus,were in aa were likewise Coffee, Dry Cod- can't be request,and heathen- thoroughlyreceptiondistinguishedby before the establishinghaving countrymen tainBice and Teas. Tallow and Metals,.GOBAS and Boatswam Chucks, that all things .,fall into the fashion of thetlie question of a plattorm, and they will get at the truth by a neat little set-;flingand besides allasmallarmyofNotaries Public appointedby theGovernor.prominently It was to his active mind that the idea firet sug-NEWS BY TELEfiRAPE VKOM WASHmOTOH.aad unsatisfactory day on Satordaj, leegmmittlDg the whole subject to thetheyto" in the grounds of Columbia Collegemaythe duties are so tri-_whence it was again reported at the" "international," than would l>e representedthat it makes nodifference who appoints;wereI &cra in a speech, in which he pleaded But we are certainly going through a courseeoaeffiaiicMi, bnt pleaded in vain. The of apings of the past. A few years since all affimed the Cincinnati Plat-IEnglish,aeaalon. Early in the day, the Bayardby a Mississippi planter and anbaronet betting over the green cloth at Baden- Baden.We are madly given, here in America espe- cially, to the love of sensations. What the sensation may be does not much matter. TopresentedbyMr.Bioler,who lows.theof others, the vehementChaases aad Appalatawats ta lh« Aiht.Special Dispatch to Oe Hrw-Toik TiOMa. WASBDratoB, Bnsday, April Mlleft the question of slave prop- and the old filled their homes with furniturejby the skill of Mr. KEBarr It is net true, aa reported from here, that Laida la Loins XV.jwfcj Ayea1-52,Ifays151. TheentireNew-York bf'lweenatradesmanLtohs IsthePrinceofWales. Hehaanoknowledgeeftta intention of the Prince to visit Wadilngtae, bat ttlafeB it probable he may do ao.Aurr SKWS.Maj. EaocH Snaa, of First Dracooas, haviag la-WiioBT has been relieved from doty on Cooit ef la- qnlrylnitltn'.edbySpedalOrderiro.S7. Tkictyd^a'wmn racominittedgrandachievement of luslife has beensat in the otheCommitteebyonema- chionesses,whohadseennogreatdifferencebranches ofPolice and the Central Park, has beenfitting uphisresidencefor thererspHaa ofJMkeCoaTeotion. The Georgia delegation had a rfligion recognized only the higher classes aathe pompous ceremo-nials of the Medioeval Church, the of intoningstage that must accrue to his from the es- countrytablishment of steam-navigation, and determined thatitshouldbe. OfhlEstruggles,liisdifficultiesof Douglas men, who remonstrated human. In like mannerpipmlljta decision that the vote of chat State mustland on her own watersfwdotyinfix D epaitui,.,..„. II.we may leave it to the philosophers to decide.the overout of the pockets of the witless into their own, that we shall not see the popular enthusi-" " asm long maintained about champions whovelopment would be better made nationalityMagyar language,thuscon.°. come round contmually m cycles, be correct,witt'ycontriveto ooniure snareucausuh «~uj.uo oi,a,,olieeverynaragraphofhispralaat. eiy truly yoare,and " the best man win" the faith of his fel-this, theyare now sharedspanningsus-;canotism, however cheap, it will be for the mo-ment all the more welcome. But it has its hour, and no more. How we shouted when Gkobqx Stxebs built us a yacht to beat all Eng-How much would we give to-day to build George Stubs a monu-Hallgladin honor of Ctbus W. Field and the Atlanticlargeate from the ormolu tables ofabhes, whoseCouncil. The has "Municipal system"been so broken in upon by recent legisla- tion. Iliat any discussion of the principle in-its peacetul watereSzkcbkhti saw the advan-;a unit, and it asserted that DnrGLAS lostl>y this man<£uvre. The plat- Latin litanies by priests in gorgeous robeschangesuggest is entirelyIhaving been recommitted, the Cun- the embroidery of altar-cloths forunnecessary.the satisfaclion of aalreadysettled tothe prejudices, the ignorance, the selfishteok a recess at u^ P. U. The Committee retumwl with two re-large majorityof thepop-English churches, and of glittering copes for "ulatlon, or, at least, of the mnstTelegraph intelligenttosaythathestrove,hehestruggled, conquered,jfr. AvBiiT of North Carolina.aftrtnatiOD of the Cincinnati platform, subject toceit^n explanatory resolutions, wluch declare that th<; romantic ages of faith." These backward and the chances are that it will have a afl citixens nave a right to settle in the Territories," withent their rights, either of person or property,being destroyed or injured by Congressional orTMittorial legislation ;" that it is the doty of thendeial Gorernroent to protect these rightsr^cf^M Bajoiity platform goes for Cuba, the enforce- of the Fugitive Slave law, and a Pacificpoke chivalry out of its grave by a tournamentimportant dutyvoting awaythepublic—and then emlxxlied in the dreary volumes uf our Congressional debates. Mr. Binoham, of Michi-nujo iltyMr. Samc^ls made -a powerful appealhim,agreementwhich at once dis-<!•B..for thosegrace the office, and make It attractive In theand of humanrix alniitea, which time dnriogtltirty-sevearounds citations and homiliesuponIt sets out with anb( came the rage. '''1;;and;whether, for instance,theylepart Co^ manding OlEcer HAxnT, Depaitmeot of Oieaoa, ia II Is pleasant to -find a great truth now required to discharge, wlOoat delay, all t^ttsaa em- ployes, and their places are to be filled by dataOa from enlisted men. Leave of absence for sixty daystint the State sovereignty begins only with the than venerable. Lord Eglintok's attempt to JionntiooofaStateConstitution. Tberemainderat for admirslos to the WashingtonEverybody went mad abojt ai'piratlons have not commonly home verybranches of thein his castle yard, between knights armed with The minority report of the Com- lances warranted not to hurt, ended in an im- 'the Executivedepartments.presented bySAMricLS,opia-grantedMtEcaA.rr,ThirdArUUssy.and|atoad-atool;andaway entirelyfrom the Commonfruit. To wafer the customs of alife in conservativeEnglandis whether it isshould oe allowed to retain those whichthey slill controlshould be allowed any longer to perform theofmoney, and of sanctioning^coniracts made bysatisfactoryby-gone time upon an uncongenial generation is apt to make those customs rather ridiculoustion, then,expedientthattheyquarters. Fort BcBLSx, Company E, McLLAiiiT, Company A,^ke Tiaaifories by declaring that " inasmuch asdUhnBCee of epioion exist," the Democratic Par-ty "will abide by the decision of the SupremeCoiirt is dying out, to-day, in a vulgar quarrel be- leferenee to what Judge Clekee calls an a orcr dMlnstitntion of SlaverJ within the Terrilo-itM." TbeacquisitionofCubaandtiiK cor.stroc-fioa of a Pacific Bailrosd are planks of this report,aimilar in all respects to those laid down by thejokessquibs.gloryPuseyismmaking any "orytheandofor in Neither the State nor example.Federal Legislature has any suchhis con- and beyond all question the only reason why itAnd the pig-headed clergymanhealth, and permission to leave the Department otCalifornia for of climate. BecruUs of the changeplace.From the Associated WassiaSTOa, Satorday, AprilIt is said much indignation is expressed by tbe President and Mr. Bascxxaanws, Mr. Toous aad The .<ldetmen"s Commitee on Arts and others, at the tenor of the dispatches addressed to Sciences" reports in favor of printing 5,000 copies each of them by Gsoaoz Saicssss, from Charlestaa,tween athe East,congregation, about a few roses and spangles and candles more or less, introduced into the service of a church which nobody ever used tothing.inLondon,andfortUi-iargtunentis so tenaciously retained by our Common toof thewhich he belongs seems to be that stroni; epi-w«fe fDDght, the battle was declared drawn, and, American life, the brutality of American man- right or power has any State Constitution toshipSsntlago,•^* "'^olutionarv rmaoove- equal revolutionary.^.Avifln.dn« of the which broke into the at the mob, ringfrom that instrument one of its people.the treasure.In obedience with Gov. Bonsroii'a butrectlaas tw*of theezplr^ion thirty-seventh round,improvement in the charac- ter of the men —Ijater from Mexico.to eetablish He»K4S'3claim to the belt. The bat-— if• tmm—New-York nor Massachusetts can divest them abandoned allperformance Unless our citizens haveUnitea States of In Secretaryfor tLhegaGtoivoenrn-TM*" displaying wonderful aow- andContinental 'W»L^S^^i^P^°^ news, receivedto* l[mu^t. bear the of upon ques-ion aenthusiasm with it "recognizes" them as property, which the London Times records theprowess of the champions who poundedneitherElosi, Esq.,Mexico, with important dispatchesment at Washington. Mr. Ei.G» arrirel In this citr yesterday afternoon In the Ckarlrs Jlorxait,tn<.' wiUEdrapeaa Congress.Austria had demand^td adefi- each other black and blue at Famborough,here await return dispatches Ctuz.and gleam pre-sult would be anthe continuance of the our English cousins owned as worthy of them- contest. It ishave baeaThe whereabonU of CortnrAS was oakaowa. OeL LxA made a long search along the ^lole itvar ta learn from personal observation the exaot state afaf- fairs on the frontier, and if possible to qoiet Ihadto- turbasces. He had conferred wtlh Am Meiteaa aa-ve^ed*a^Er ''" '^* American Chuapion that, hot for selves in our degenerate American character,tUs totenupiion ef the pastime, he would geoa was the equal zeal with which we followedi^ve decided ihe affair by the emphatic defeat of ="*•• An mdignation meeting of Americanscandidate for the whole City would stand any chance of^fto pe held on the??"!?^«'?'^''"*'® evidence would be preducedCarolina. No State Legislature can contra-Cruz theGalveston Thursday last, with two weeks later news from Mexico.On board the DoigecAine, as passenger, C. Ls Douxfollowing day, when, it wasan election.have better men,ofdignity position,^ SooaatBa, Soadaj, AprilAmill owned snd ranfer $6,000, wlilch will nearly oorar the loss-ate HDgnpUMfaaiare giving her consent to take pales before the brilliant sketch which VikgilpartlaaCoolanace, aad in tliis demand, it is said,or forever.oeofinaed Boasia- Brussels had been has left us of the much more tremendous fight ,^.l^ia by;. .JMtoadH^y.Kiujaiiifas the proper locality for the between Dares and Extellhs. England andmoch wasWHiWinoifaCoogreaa,wluleFranceinsistedupon .•\nierica,therefore,willbefairly4he aeleetion Paris. ofenough sup-Slavery turns npon this point. The oi^ground facts plainly and in the men.fully face, and adopt 1,600 . ,.there was anposed a century hence to have been»Inagitation uponthere were to-be practical manv and diverse reports. agree, hj««»er, taat his Government is surrounded oy grest euibarrais- inents. especially Irom the late extraordinary drafts u:on the Ircatury. -tmoiig otherthfnits, also, Jtcxis, bis banker, had ailowed a number of hM .Irafls to goSwitzerland,npon which the claims of the extreme Pro- such remedies as are seen and As to the President's futqrAellmovements,BlBChantaa.A destructive fire broke out last night ia tkaita ftt tlie MoAiioa'a tatam IIHH a meetiarly, iftheaetUnga da aatitewtiiat B^gind aUTeaw property, evea ia^||«;SiiSii MvM MtJMTny decidedly.bellerea in prixe-fichtiBg aa finaly aa erer did they are held to eerrlce-eiM leM iv9P^. Terk *. iHicnr ud a sadder 1oftheBOM,fortbeprosecution,commencedthesumminginaimless andpositioo, greatchangesintheformaadsubstanceofbeyondthersnkofcaptain.Hisviewaworetheirsafesand HtmblefsReaClts/^S^f'o>S—S^S'^j«a>ent of the circuiatioDfa at the present moment eo rapid «« to and telling argument against the prisoner, allad-sufferingBut there is another side to the picture.bnakla( of Oa;at St.his equally pig-headed" inclusions, at the dose of the opinion read byof national manhood and which dignityanydistinct provisions? The Constitution ofsecuring; for, althoughasingleward BTIBBUMTXD8TATISREVESUKeOTrXRDODGB— compsnlesofTexasRangerswithimpatientbrought them was fast at her moorUgs; the and treated as property, while passing throughof tb« defenceraoH >^ uniMuw* ary Oeo»ial, Savtsio RaiS^and made aintended ing particularTy to the feet that the idea of Mrs. The Muscular Heathenism is. afterour Government. the lum-hasuponBaturaay morning,powerfulCityVery much of machinery which tradition had fas-doubtless tootoo his apeeches in the Hun-rather no more like the Spartan mooient. AnnoancemenU which fail to broached or thoaght of until four days after ner original than Dr. Pdsxt was lite Pope Gbsoo-it topermtiTe that «dTerti»ement«all,asbeen swept away, and more effectivetoo free and of Anatriaathtir rwHaaoaa'S having committed anicide, which was now made tbe main point of the defence, was nota cheap article ;easaatial to a municipal sys-probablyfniritieiinaidtlihTiitloiitii^iAifeitilfiialniisiimlMtl,ii n —death, when auspicion had begun to fasten nponBT VII., or Lord Althobp at Eglinton Castle like RicBABD the Lion Heart at Ascaloc.have beenadoptedploader..iM'Cnalaai*-In the first'"llMiiitini^ quite aa impaitant to the adTertiaeia aa special meeting on Saturday, mainly to consider "great fight," or failed to win it whether Park is governed by Commissioners,BThe Commisaionen of Public Charities held atoecaseofYALEKnaiCoitbtiiit,anioraiteof Hkxman,blinded|butvictorious,waschousedofistered by an Executive Boardone of the islands, who was found in his cell last week in a dying condition, and shortly afterwardhis some glory by"who cutthenote froatBaratog*, sow at TareMlaat^ the C. >. Sloaarfexpired.of body hireduntiring, undauntedto effect political, legal and social re-the administration of promote the advancement of civil and politi-Commodore Uaxix, tOQcklas ka Ma affair at Antoa Uzaido.TI. S. grsAna I SAaAvesA.nSAKSKW BVTU AwmiMATaa BQnM- ception of a large advance in Panama shares, the GreekBritain'sChampionstrove hardforms, toand tocal liberty ;aCBIC—I PcaifAsi. OABODKN—La Jditx.able-bodied paupers to the Workhouse, and require them to labor, was adopted.—but a poor and pale imitatioa of the good oldand competent to do their work with more system and less disturbance to tbe publicjustice,XlmU K«—CTTHKATRt^-CoMJaw Bawm.ir^LLAOKt TH*ATBi^ Hosbasd to OtDiB- steamers amounted to $871,000In the Stock market on Saturday, with the ex- dealings were rather tame, but generally at steadyhe was an earnest advocate for thewhen Ton reach New.OrleaBa,tt winyou ealTaMaprices;;export;sod Col. OsopasA havlM bean oa k"Central, 79^Missonris, 83|Fsnama, 11^. demand for Saturday's—— isespecially directed to sub- material improvement, and the development of theTbeGrecianandRomanon gaveandtookblowscomparedwithwhichthe thumps of Farnborongh would seem butA fairPrices of the former favored sellers. Corn was friendly taps.and,pioneer in the work knewDiscount and Demand Loan rates for money with-out alteration. The London, f.5.16 on Paris.visage.giantsand successful advancement, historyattaektDgTesaels.'' ft- Ihn f^rf irlhatnn »»• "my moveaenta, at Ita m^that the fact that it ahould be left to the Common Council to per- BBUra SALOOK—Qaoaoa Oaaorr'a JtnnBata. rather Ught, with 409 vessels of all classes in port. tics " of the ancients ; but we shall form it, is a subject of shame and regret toquiet.prices. The freight engagements weretbeMagyar tengue. Until his time the debates In the zen clotbee, no one knew that tkay wen aet IhIomThis is certainly aageneration;our somanly rapidlyart of into aof reTivals. 'Whether the inventire faculties of the race have been exhausted,orwhetherthetheoryofPttha-ecutivetwo-thirds of the tbatcharacterizetheagenotoriously the basis ofJauteuUsof mar-raltokenexpenditure,such as themoment, "distinguisheshisGeorge's insummingupnot. The;earlyment?Howwe were to burn ourCityhe encountered, we will not eakopposition sufiice it;illegitimate gainsin "fn abstraction which would drive one- attend, till it became the scene of a series of " As, however, by the law, or Implied agreeraent eyes of tiie adventurers who generallycurrent ofof them apparently believe that, by viprorous cur.'j- iug and ^wearing, they can expurgate tiie deca-to Soathem members to adopt the report of thehistoryproiiress.Manyminority. He expected the Boath not to persistHere it ishalf the Northern Democrats into the army refreshing Sabbath-day scrimmages. which tbe intercourse of I'epara'e and lode-of tin Black Bepublicans," and itw»a heart by thefire-eating party with respectfulregulatesWe are now in the brief throes of still an- pentient nations toward each other, all things belong-as— •appearsthat heand taxation istence of a Common Council forattaitlaa. Mz. Bctub, of Massachusetts, pre- otlier gush of popular antiquarianism. The old ing to the citizen of anv one nation, rt:cognized Milvd 8 tUtd which the prcperty by that law^ are exempt in their passagerepresentationrequires\<iI|be if sure,yonspice it with a dash of patri-But thethe establishment of steam navigation on the Dan- ube. Up to OctolKr, 1830, no steamboat disturbed| 'iday,spacepreventedthan want of will trambybistorj', by calling him a calumniator. quite right. Whether Mr. Sxith''^r'4i,<^^^,;<^i j.i ,ji.iiwjwi>i^u^i^^ ^^4'^tni^^nP!PV'9WP!<Pli99<iVp;|PI|igpand the Bngtlih NiBO Umaelf, (as oa^tal a judge, by the way, as their Unite and tbe effeot of thetr Uwt. 0ft" ' ]>eaa«rCoaat^. to meet for like pur- ever decided a dnw or a defeat,) what in the the oontraiy, this in(erpret«UoB is expreasly ,_,„ ***«> *»W«lt: TheBeacUonlstshadmet witn do Hie Londen jeamals announce the death of I Mitotf xavataerii'jfaieca, and. hastening out of worl4 they show? And,of coorae, the in- ezclndedby the explicit and precise language the great HoDgariaa statesman. Count SzaoBaari. OoaMlpittotMnUa^ Qea. Voll had been terest and damor with which the tidiags of the»«> IWIIIIB, aadStren back. Colims had once fight hare been receired in Ameriea, the tenstkat is emirioyed. Judge CLBaia'sHe committed «niidde in bia chamber, byblowing DMeuase kad iteo^ ia 1i»•OMAilIninto thehandsofthe Liberals.provo-wooH . ...ofthousandsof"extras":waat' «fPindaric passion of ourIn the convic-of voBito had oaBsmdT'Tbe 0g<«» will MMla at njinim at pmWemaysayveasal'fialat boatlawhlehOsyesaaatotfeereally represent nothing more'<natiouEilor;byitself ofm report, proposed adoption Greek worship of muscle has been suddenly through the territory of any other from all interfer- the expenditure of money. These bodies do The ofThe has recognised Roian BasTia, of Pre^dentSt. Louis, as Vice-Consul of the Dtichy of Bruaswlek fcr Missouri and Iowa, aitd Fsmaaiex Kaon as Coe- sul of the Ducby of Nassan at New-York.The Callfkrala Paay Szpiaaa.,St. Jossra, Mo., Satorday, April M.The Pony Express, due here yesterday, haa aotand Isyet arrived, now twenty-fonr honrhttime. The is caused 1 delay probably if Ughthe mountain streams. The last sipisaa eomia( Maat, whilegoingatarapidrateistbenlgU,tlMhana stumbled over an ox lying In the read, Aiowlac tta rider,andthehorsefellnponUm,asta^crnaMacthe Ctaidiinati Platforrn, without«r aidtada. A violent discussion followed the shouted and written and gambled into an effer- ence and control of the latter—that is doneperpetuating the memory ofitoMptiooreports,to adjourn until Monday morn-lature.——payersstockof theof thein the midst of which avescent vitality in the two freest countries ofthe world, which also pretend to be the lead-positive compactlaughing, world, we cannot perceive. nor the intelligent classes nor the laboring Madmen made sane might as well erectBonoB.iag. The friends of Mr. Docolas profess to feelprevailede.xplanation8so, a /arliori, by the which regulates the dealings and in- tercourse of these States toward each other, tnings belonging to tbe citizen of any one Stjte, recogniztdnotlevythe taxesprecise objectby Legis- the occasion which made us theand AmericanTbe ateamship Yanderbilt, which arrived at this for the historian in the year 2000. He willsense of shame, or by any sensitiveness to the censure 01 society.If the Common Council were to be abol-—ished, ifthewholemachineryofAldermenandCouncilmen and of separate Wards to belicitous fancy, are regarded as guardians ot tbe public weal, to let the chronicles of the Cable Cel- ebration slumber for the City's sake. The Isst traces of it have been removed from theof that gentleman every day of delay.appearto darken withleading Englishjournalsofpectaon Saturdayof nine and a halfafter a fromIt assumes as incontro-Citymorning, daysport earlypiaaaMt<Mh hi^Dga fall details of the great Prize-fight be-tVaesSATaiB and Heknak. Tbe particulars ef columns, and the most elaborate correspond-tOfliplKa.on the morning of Tuesday, 17th April, ia•aeadownearFamborough,onthebordersof rallysupposeand draws therefrom the inference, that they must be re-—Chicago pro. duced a rumpus. The decapitated ofiicera havingstandlagthls accldent,4M exprsa arrived ksn eaHampahirepresenceOlympic game.terms,revived from the first shock of theiraadin theof someandC9gnized and respected as property by the times,—of which the President should be the have demanded their back pay. The Mayor re- the great prize fight and other Eoropeaa advieas op taSurrey,. •>« v,ttiaatbOQaaiid persons- Among the spectators, that the prominence given to these heroes and:.-,^liviaathe awell-mob and rough charatiers wjio'-^^^MMI^f -aOMri anch exhibitions, were Hem- to their encounter represents the interestgoingdifferentgreat disaster,.find the names of Hee.nan and Sayee.svery rapidSauthamp- those of Palmebston and Buchanan in theirto have been aConstitution of the United Statestime. Tbe express here leavfaggrandOf course, he will understandfor longto-alghtConstitutions of the several States wtiile pass- --*" •i«lB^I^•'^» PaiBaipent, authors, arrisls and taken by the public of each country in the mat- ing through their territories.in the least infringed.What we shouldWetroller, but adda that the city finances are terribly twenty days.' .«!••,< a lepnaeiitatian of the clergy. The 'aMS-waaaiDaxceUeot condition, and the contest isaiMntfe. After continuing for two hoars andAnd as he will also observe in the Brit- ish journals of these times, inniunerable exer-Now, we should like to know wiiy Judgeembarrassed, and that the utmost economy of ex-I.*fer flrem ttae RIe Crude. WasBixcTos, Satarday, April 28, 18MLWednesday "s Picayune states tbat the 1ter.such ashould take the Government of thejostlingand aa sovereign in New-York as in South them to the solemnities of the sublime gym- justrepresentative,nastic art. In ancient days the poets of GreeceWe should greater responsibility, moreVetsmorningof the 15th arrived at instnvene its or did not disdain to sing the praises of those provisions'- - 'vo*f•^JTM°' V** severest pugilistic encounters who won the' boxer's parsley-wreath, tions. If it declares slaves to be property,possessed,the Bavoymieation. The people had held enor- in Ibis year of our Lord 1860, with a sudden Slavery Party can be successfully resisted, in promise to be effective.iSdo^ a^oL .^"'«''°<=?of doubt,—and that is another speech in Charieston outside the Con- Puebla,alongthe re-The latest news from IndiaOrttoa. ''*' '">*'•everyrail-ItspeaksHOI in eonimsnd of theIn tbe meantlaie, tbe (ualatar of Finance had or-dendtbatno be for the TraMOijr drafi* pafcl present,"^"^^» Prance hidbutions of the most extraordinary nature were beingin direcdon, for the immediate necessi- levied everywasaTs"olievedthat MixAvoii would becompelled to com-inereasinglaone memnga to protest against the measure of fever ofannexation, and the Federal Council had«ven an authoritative denial to a sutement of M. Every circumstance of the story will favor the this,—that the Federal Constitution does not^° '^^ *««•=' 'hattbe wood house, and a largefor storing hides, and partiallT caglae hnaaa. Am principal taunery building was sarad. :^Wamf» itm^^S'^- *of^SJr H««iented .n"',*. Mrwehivetn*, '^"'''8 °f.»:or however, forced loans and contri- Ill tbe mtantime,'TM«'y fo' '"^tory.the English magistracy, who pretended to keepthe assumption.theSwitzeriand had supposition.Territories andand Wzbb <kthe belligerents asunder^ .;^of'Seaion''*ti;^'^''P^ """^ '"« men," who consented to Invest aswhichrefersMr. Wood has made ties of the army. The peoole of Jalapa,the°f Increased commo- the EnglUh railway directors, all " honorablefully insnted.\ineilt in Sicily.« •- the of spre,idin(;. The vntinc in partners'vrith pugilistic pietists per- fugitiveAnd in thatdefinitionand ofandthenomineewhich beCity Nice, on the q'leation votefo-pnaAaai iaai^To& lasptaia- on Kew-Qdaa^aSIfMfMMam.    aM(kM|4r.^A^|M»k.againstthemeasure.;From„s,;,^„!n^5 uteoftheworshipperstheamiable ;gives obtuseness Constitutionalpurse-strloirsti<Hiable man. Others tnought that a compress of CO days. 12®I23<-MsailioD. of sentence oFfnde^atht^^^'Xi^lmightway station in London bat the one selected fur lo'service or labor in one State under the laws what principles the Convention may put forth,ium;u PonGei, -^.rfiitoidiiiiiiiiiiirtet^rn'C'^^^^^of the English Police, who watcheda slave.of him as- a"peosos heldaa this morning.A new forced loan hadclergymen, the flowergivesofSlavery.There is net theslightest bashad asoothingefleotnponFaaaAnno. It 'iarmy.both toThe such Pickwickian good-nature of contain anytorecognition. Its very no bolt in the Democratic Party after allgoodold muscularheathenism.isStates, —Cat, laA;partOrizaba,probablycomplaisanceof^clauaesaUthe one providing for the rendition of vention, in which he declared that, in spileis$4,000„—-MlammJ^Ji^^'^ *®''* fr<"" VeraCruz to April 13 „ of dukes and earls, peers and members of Par- by a slave: this is the definition which it quite ready support themthegreatexudus the ;presenceonthegroundand that the C^atH, |a a4jadualiag opoo claimsversyrep- resented in the Government, were sweptit perhapa it will soon be forgotten altogether.—Mayor Wextwobth's dismissal of a hun- bimtbat It was feared be Would aooa die. Notwitk.Clebex stops there.If slaves aiegain bychange ismust be observed, even at. thesuatched up by almost eraentirely. asthe boundaries of—there is no donbt that he bad brcome actu-isPXH. and the probability of her having committed Samson having fallen among Philistines, has Judge Clbbib asaumes, that the Constitutiongriefanniversajysuicide. An unI^le of hers was proved to have been robbed of bis due prizethatcommitted suicide ceveral years ago. Bebuttingevidence was put in by the proeecntion. provingthat Mrs. Habi>x5 was not of a melancholy turn,but always very lively in company, although stillbefore strangere. It was also shown chat thesuicHe of her uncle was caused by an injury hehadpreviously receivedinthehead. Mr. BoBxa- fiste—fromrespecttohumanitybacktodelightSsHorx, the Isttar^wta* (S^^^^^ after which E*,^,Lexingtonyouagit— say, all these American echoes ofsorrowfidy. theUbeatr^GoveraorotEnglaad'a excitement will be hereafter Interpreted toto futh in theCount WBS a and SZECBKKTI IsHAB magnatemember of one of the oldest families in Hungary. In bis youth he served in the Austrian army for anoA,place,— ;slaveropes" on which Satsrs was strangling at theCspt Tuuaa,basehand, stated that he was still unprepared to make very moment when another squeeze or two biyofCruz, la leferaMS te Aabrought "sponge" of shame or noimpiovesphctromachia,lles on wtuch the Cretan boxers staked theirthis branch of the public service.Under these circumstances, the questionright correct oneparur^ih of tiieimtaatef Adatnl niaZtest ofG«a.I,ALaa*8A fewaart "e•fe"a^s"e^Tmuscular lives.bottle of arnica will mend the modem maulersall.even pagan Galkk called thethem.parodyseekingself-defence"close family connection with "poker" and"brag,"andall theotherschemeswherebytrythsMluHmula left them. As they wan draaad la aM-and degenerates"thne.course, bad a tight to remain oa board of her Hka!ent of signedtothecommandofFortDaBaa. (M.Gaaaaa? aadourwere -true, asIIIIII{andthus Iiis opened upcountryto the commerceleave of absencegrantedtoCspt,»-j-*-t^Heathenism, like all the fashion of tliis world, passeth away,EuropeCount SzLCHlNTl, might possibly have been de- neers,ferred until the middle of the Twentieth Oentury- slraments and provide for sniveys ia the AaUlonger radical patronize pu- gilism, than among the pugilists who aspire to a seat at tbe Aldennanic Board and a voice inAnd yet the latter days of this great benefacior of Ills countr)' were so embittered by t!ie persecu-thatAmericaamongVancouver.Private lafaatry, Infaatry,;Austrian:the license of the Constitution of the United States, whatverymen, in order topreventChica-are,dayplundered and leftungoveraed, they must improvement.look interesting character. Gen. Misamos, retii'iiinKed $3,U0e. W. W. Cabs's mill adjolnlsg wss aetregardtanneryDiaooa, MatssAt.,language refutesat all events, our worthy and excellent Mayorthan in the Peers whothe Congress-making caucuses of New-York. Jndge Clerke on International Law."Miscellaneous."vicious gymnas- onlyitwaswhofirst revivedthe use of the noblethe tbe ship thatofcoarse,regards slaves as property, they mnst be so heU wherever that Constitution is^^-prostituted strength.thefightitself wasMt Dsax Ms.:ELsxa Ton will Bodt ohltae me—the CentralIn comntenting upon the dissentientaleo reaffiras the general principles of the mediate shower Of rain on the spot, and a last- ioBS " in the Lemmon Slave ease the other This last, which is the most important of gan, on Thursday, informed a Mr. Smrn, of Vir- Leave of absence for eight months graatod taMr.Cfatemnsti Fiatfonn ; hot meets the question of ing subsequeat reverberation of quips andof Iowa,to Lieot-Col.waat of their functions, finds no warrant either ia the- ginia, that he was not likely to expunge any of the Assistant-Surgeon Holusbcsh, on account of 01we wereratherin COMSTOCK.withJudgesSelden andCouncil, is found In the facility which It affordsthets and round will turn the vituperationivholeeiitise confidence in the nomination of their candi- ers of civilization aiyl the great depositories of a» property by that compact^ are exempt in their population of tbe City : nor are they men who a monument to their former folly. Wedate, and count up the votes they rely upon to aeen.'e that result ; while to outsiders the pros-passage through the temtory of any other State, from can be restrained from wrong doing by any call upon tbe City Fathers, who, by men of fe-;the They do not represent the taxIts only fault is that it begssivethe wholevertible the point'on which the whole contro-Hall and if the Common Council will say no more aboutwhetherThey are property wherever theyhopeing conviction that it is our fatepossibilityproperty bypenditure dischargedexpenseclear.out of the hands of twenty or thirty Ward- go from going to the wall. That last refuge ofniMni the result were canceled. The backers of ners and the decay of American institutions, hands of men, each of whom would be elected Police, and their comments upon Mr. Wmtwobth lions left the city of Zaealecat for the Bio Giaada,Arizona had arrived from BrazosapOB (be dediien of the referee, all bets pending treat them as anything else ? Can a State nul- cliques who now control it, and place it in the the afflicted, the newspaper, is resorted to by the dates of the 21st inst. A specie coadocta of two mO-the United States is the supreme law may elect a coarse, ignorant, corrupt adven-of the land. It is just as valid turer as Its no suchDlbTBACIXD CONDITION Or THB COU.NTKY. From tkt Hew OrleaHM Pieai/une.The United States revenue cutter Dodge, fromdisregarditsrecogni-thoritles for this purpose. Fire laHavanaadvicesto theabowedatotalof68i"o ofamexaiian.formanceoftheirsacredritesandInthetrib- wliatmustberegarded..astheinadvancetopledgehissupporttotheplatformtheclergy,orresignInfavorofsomamoreuue.Toep-portFreighUsllghltyhlgtav.TliffcaMJi'iiaTi—iiia.the iu theslaves.clauseitof thehe had he was readywrongs suffered, promlre with Zitloaoa, who held the of2JSth, .^ "HUtJithd,description!notables would t>e called to name a new PresidentovUand orgsnize a new Govamment, leaving Mioa-bering tenedthoroughly national,old upon us,and gariap House of Peers weresdoCoBsiilaaraBinria Hole*, aaUarttetr matlona. Yaa are aware that thaae "laai^ mmlimited almostspeakfaUs Whatever international law regardsTbe immediatethere, any pasung through. And it—emulate whose latter yean were passed•;*'we ofourUnionto the grave dug forby Hapsburg per-to tbe the approval ot contracts, thetaxes, and thettatrpaent oat by ttaair OoieiaaMit to «aar-Deeds,tionso honorably and countrymen.the Danube with a pension bridge from Pesth to Buds. Through goodcontracts,isimbecility and corruptionandsubscribed a whole year's income, about $40,000 towardstheestablishmentofasocietyforthede]entirelyofvoting money,of tea Alp, badly wooadadofof strangers. As regards the last of these duties,been sofmetbtnganalogy,therefore,out bis braioa with a pistol.cation was a visit pld^ to bis house by the AustrianVan CmThe UrIiM J.tMMsmM sbijM AadaM|i»t lraaart a(tamnmmproperty must uoquesUonably be respectedtem,agenciesTbe City Police has been put into the hands ofHealth of the City is in charge of the Police, —spendingforeign travels, hebe handed over to a smallto the employes, provided with steam fire engines,tive mind and hisHe statement ofCitygovernment.Andastors. ImakeaotarfheraDodoatothewflUU repfesentstlonaof Admiral Miim. aWili ihaia^aalready a small source of corrup- appointmentsT. TVUfSS.Government which be left in the hands of tlie Com- monCouncil. Theonlyquestionforconsidera-puriant cannotCitywill proceed to Saa Fraaelsco totbe coming Sommer, and thea report at bead-safelyNor can it be claimed that theof logue.and much greater efiJciency the igofernment, and have settled down to thedestiayed Mah & Catmis.reforming the City Gov- despair-to be—whether for onesay, the whole political controversy concerning cease sacrificing ourselves to theories, look of lejoicing. He was accompanied by come l.tiOOto is unknown.on the stoek to •«,000 HOOSfrom his expedition to Vera Cruz, arrived hoanr 5[ the c »p- As we have more than once taken occasion to in this direction for We must iial on the 7ih inst., where he was xecettcl by taeAkothib Bubblz BrnsT. So we are to' havepresented It is a matter of supreme indifference" to himalwayslossfill it. theorythe ex-—firing ef cannon, ringing o' bellf, and other evidencesthesome- time inbirth the benefit of his matured judgment, his ac-ntOX CAPT.The New-Orlsans Pieofimt teedved theWith regard to themust be remembered that the tax levy now the indifierence of the many, he succeeded in requires the approval of the Legislature before baffiicg all opposition, and finally carried out hisvolved in thewe It has beenportedOregoa,taaa-of the taxes, itof a and few,wealth and high socialbonaes offacts ofMr. BiNGHAU is;authority perceived theat near Saa Third ArtiUery, Presidio,enlightened, hisprincipleseyesman, to devote all his energies to the promotioncountry.—iii BAKtaasiedtbeeli^ asaaeaaah*4ofand the material and social improvement of hisAfterreturned to Hungary, and gave to the land of iiiaand of those crestus-bat- peace tlian now characterize the operations of extreme of the of tbe humbler classes. But the editor of tbe PiMmw, and. as a maalor J^his attention was mostjects of economical science, the realization ofMum, wherein He of tbe speaksHeHungarian Parliament were carried on in Latm.steamers,politicaleconomical works in Hungarian, andleased. T'lSo with the expedittoa, farther Ifeaa aa asn aaaat»-the firet in the Chamber of Magnates whomy coDmsadtBt;he introducedI had not tbe remotest Mea ofabilities, he never roseCoanda. ?energy.gestedreport and bad report he clung to hisjdea, and Tke TUIt af &• Friaca «f Wala»-»edespitesneera of some, the gloomy forebodingstheJoucs G«nniwatie aef aoMf Ha tto«MM«i»a.the meRfasala, UDm«Uai3v^SM3 foroelhelKmsesorae^ taJdag aa Bmck Boaey aaaoMad his iiiiimiism tii••£ iMpUaaOeg../ OAsauehaantaasdto alil his iiiiiiiili laaa. >! >abyAacocxiA. be was the owner of the ladiaeila, aad, at;gt»»».«a consummation which without Qnartennasfer. Lieut. Drxoa, Topogra^cal Bagt-tion of thepeace was sought in a self-inflicted death.Fourth SixthpaternalGovernment,point generalimpressionProbably dajsofmenis anotherFrancisco,supervising of the report of the .Atlantic Cable Celebration. In relation to the pending P/esidenUil nomiaatloa.numbers,out of office atthe18tb. ThiswillpatbenewsfromLoadoasat Mayor,noprincipleofgovernmentwouldbe pliesthathehasreferredthesubjecttotheComp- LiverpoolthroughtoCallfsmlaintheshortspaceof— to protest, and a ^eneril explosion was expected. of'. bark, >"«fl*<^t anAand other townsfreatlng army, are said to have buifered severely.the road ofIn consequence of these erabarrusments many be-lit flliimi iiiall iiihtil aajIMai laare to be sent to Fort Uaipqai. Capt. CAUaaxAS, of the Ordnance Department, wDl proceed to San Frmaelsee to attend to the business of his Departmeat at ftatfire, this morning,buildingsinjured by Ore, but the stoek Injared bythe water a few hnndred dollaia. The cause of tm^^^^^PIra fatBmsBAKTOx, Saturday, Apttti;ofdestroyed the bark house, containing aboat My asite0«vn««MhM^i a^M %^ySt&lt^^^will Asylum.ia-riaiiataii aad jAaasproenre' SflHThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com-- C">/-'*.*^-'^r^s.;*' . 