 3aiak M^ k* iMk boa ttelr Mta'a bw of r>><l «<>'"gttppiemettt to ghe yeto-gork gtme0rg«fanrdag, ^ptil 88, I860.;rump.arguespower. Now,;"•Tlw psUo*tillpaiuof the doontiT, Huaaiam. areathainldBgofankaaM<o«•KO.Khen the duiurttance took Rev. place.P. S.There are still vailoua ramaraaboBt Mayor SwAO'aHarper'a Ferry aa a apeck big with the tuture-not•IHkieali.mldlnppaind.after 2 o'clock P. M. there remalaed a eaa- largeeoarre of Idle lookers-on, aad others with ilaabtlessaadk Iwt H* hid bMO rob'Md of kli ual Ttandar." ihtt Udlaa war" aSiilra, rapjrttkl llaadeediowttklB ^KBOotk* aora Isdlaos h*Ta been ktlladThe Personaby MB pinpli IhtB doxliii a ceaiury of Meileta andthe aftvinooa and JutgeBLAis, Iandtkat S».OM aaea of Kooul pait «MW.^atfa> BMwrTSttoB.BNM 1^TaUejof her society,who ahowed themselvesEvans,*as atteiKllns la the capacity of a reporter. Ha weighs oTtr two hundred pounds, aad yet disappeared])«naiita»l>aaK appoiBtxt Canam Manhal for tha mandred Tears Old— jury. Had the Infuriated, crazy mob gotten hold of Mob to Florida.iBdaeameata forEmi(ra> leaving it to be inferred that sctOBce is to be made are not ple,bat of the capabiiities of the otoer mem.nations with reference to conservatism and national-I82I, when Florida was purchased by our Govera-I*auK*torrf tlu Ntwftrt TatuMtakes in the exercises, and her admirers partvery nanually insist that her voice is superb and her ezecntion perfect; but every medal has its re*of the human race, but may also verycounty of every State within tbe oroad limits of this great confederacy. Thus they design iguorins sec-lor iwo bukiired and fifty-stx years, (except the pe- operate independeu'l) ul puiitioiaus and legislators. plskt axpoalilsn of the teaurs bv which •lave* ore riod of twenty > ears above mentioned of Biitlsh p >s-On some of ihe tables were placed dominoes, chess, cards, and other games. 0%a lady of the houae, who sat behind a largebytwo or fourpersona.quoutions from the laws organizing tha MUlta'y pichenslon as to that Institution, which Is not, as Isa Military College with aof Professors and pupils paid by the Government, bug a training d^p£t, to which ih< lowest grade of armytalil% ca which were placed tor the disposition of tna Tiritois, oranges, cakes, wines, and journals, waa dressed in the style of the women who occupy a siaiilartal In preseiving Mount Vernon for the glory of after ages, but renewed In the hearts of rising generations the salutary influence of that spirit which animatedgeneraily supposed,bsdyordiiiariiy govern humau nature, and to shut our etes tu bume ot the most important iesauos whichhiHury teachee us. The great difficulty grows outul tbe struggle fur the and not out of ascendency,in liie public cof't*. For that evening ska renounced hoopa and silks, wore a plain sHoit dress, a cap, a three-cornered neck-Mab—latease Bxeitameot—The CaaTentlen AbaadaBB RcchaMie Hall aad Aaoemtoles again Secretly—Anrest af Rowdies, dec.Op-inthe National Constlto .lonal Union Convention. Tneandlargeplace, has been selected for the place of holding Itatructed m their profesaslon, for a longer or shorterthere will be hitter disseusions. But when Slave.poaitioniai>t8,it is over, there may be the same dispuaition toCoaatitB- There la not a word about slaves Ib thoef "0« th« algktChief af the Pallce, who, to avoidj—and the receipts ftafa MftffHiatna. It takw tbo boat to Swramen- ticipations.rigidto,fta|%»d|l(About fourteen huidied editors aad at'aohea of taeTlwtWt OiatHll >0T B«prM« atart* to-morrowgenVrous,for four loagperiod prolonged to five. But are theyI nijlhla^attack onwithdrawing gentlemendayBut here is an innovation of a more novel char-scene waa extremely disgraceful. However opposedBuitlxesB is Auady here but no special chaage laItgaveraed loagast aBd,wlth>nt aud this appears to aave been the case.oalOBlaM.tballme tatUaftoB tUftr-flreaid. ForGod'ssakeleteverymanan£allpaitlea la, — Bot ia leaUty, at least upoa paper. Tnerenowaeorly for nlae years—C^ls. Tbatss aal Ds&t-both "proceedingsaenting thosetriota and martyrs,ent St the rejoicings at Boma, end the soferms Tt Veun ia 8t Peter's, commemorative of the maa- sacre of St Bartholomew's.the people in the States where they- lasMe aia soundaadposaeaatheaeaoe*ofjusticeinakigk«fc^»kanaawidow in the St. FaubourgHonor^ who,itt recommendedtikM khone for tha French Battel,Icajet would be held every fortnight, and that theywould be free. Other ladles have followed theOhio It allioadiremisestobe ofdecidedproalaeace." the dooumeati ofIh'e*adietd!^a'c"olidH-*i.?l^o'o.de^d*^an atrocity coiald not have beenIt toter of1(1 (2,000 to appear for trial. Tne latter is still at Vernon about ibe etk of Hay. We expect th^aa la now before C;oBgre»>—that the twosociety, unless lianSiHrsoii—by .WSteTMarilM froa Saeramenio to Sail Lake. jUitefMtaf IM aUea In tweatjr-foar hoiira,aa !• between the two points wUI be iniaMibnaaad ahalfdaji. Etchezprsteiaan!• to aerentrfi'e maei, ailog teUaoiataoce. Mr.FntaiT,theagen' «rthaiMpiMM*,k>i ituttd (a«u IM horaei anlisge.large, but warrants are oat for hioi. The whale our elty loon afrerwarr^a.pabllcof Ibe wha Aeadeaiy]Mt Bnmmer br Capethe clubs and the other resorts which weremea- In toa^ revaltt^ country, raacSthence a and eo on to Saltof PlaeerrlUe 0«Mia,EaiSBCs LiviY—wereeiecu^dTr mb-archiei; and a white apron. The servants of CtmtfnMenot^tktNett-YorkTuna,Front-street a Theatre,moat admirableUllull,andprovidesca|.« fn m o,.* 8tatc tijto auothor ahatl ba ratarasd Saand doffed the cos-tume of the public caff, the visitors called them Theout is a very ImportaatState Convenion assembled here This will afford ample room, with fine accommoda- one, und one upon which alone many strict cunstrui.- viill lie the lesuU, an 1 that we shall be able to wit- tire boy or girl, ohlte or hla<^ asnaniBg from Ifeethe house their quitted28—4 P. H.maateir. thu a Narthara a aa By provisioa ppswitlioiM, hMiaver, pieventingis which iisellibh, independently clearly perceivedth* **- eaavay^liveryBaLTUou, Thursday, April Republicanthat thia billthr m^elve^, will cauae tbe die to tie cast, and thuatheir'WuiUr / as at the cafe. No other domestics thanthose of the houae were ever °tionsformembersaswellasspectators. Tnedesign is to have the entire buildtag mugoificently and char-liinists have reconciled it to their constitutionalNorth to the s«.uth, can be eoaatltBaoaaUy-elalmad aadIt will not be difficult to charmofibisformotra-unloo. Thebeltgprincipalthe)Out coireaponUeutbecoming enasaA-Ataoaa.tables therewars games—athalf;pid be wouldbecomea U,t advantage in favoratmoanced to the Chairman ofpe-the Con-Convention.The occultatlon of the planet Venus was seenFor, l» ba eoiM mSSmmtm w.utd ba anta thaa WDcthlaaB. It must be apparent then, to avarr eaadid aiad thatkept husb«ids away from youngmenfromworseAt these «f« the aamemodeand ha, therefore, commaaded a suspensionnot leel myself called upon to discard any term, —CeoatlMtiaD oftheprlael^esefapueuMsalahsrIhasthechib.andgamingtables,andVenusInall her beauty seemedto haug gUUerlnghowevertrite,ifitimportssomethingimportant thef^mers^Tibeplaces.and (rlgh*.sned. Many of taem made awfollyai«n pale Cynthla'a rim Uke a arightjewel aet therewill be wise In Congress to prevent them in future, it mustbe the beat judge of after hearing all the argu-rspecislly in s new combination of circumstances. It is these habits of reflection, and this strung sense of interest, which constitute the self-correctingThe mere mschisoryof what is ordinarily termed the Goverumsnt tuiiortal toBdage wbaravar tt ba, and the poltUaasupp*r At the proper hour theoSelaliyUiure than five covers atmomeatarlly aa assault, Thacrowdouuldelegalth«B, yoB eaU tka sma ahoaidl Blasery, youacti.'n of 'be peopto sppreattoa-labor, youper. Generally the guesU drew lota forwere A body of police re-The fact Is, West Point must undergo the level- which is row the land.would, by itself, beBut these habits are quickly ciimmunic»tedprinciples govBTBlag paoelscly'^ ThfebiUof fare was waa fowl, cooked inllteraUy packed. largeenraptured admirers. Not aeloud was to bs seen.the attractlona of the charades snd proverbsn*Ob« gentleman, a delegate, I namel WlLiux author of the celebrated code of International sig- B}mpatiiy from friends aadrelattona;andevengrave themafixedresidencein»hecominuniy.andcon- tvatttbatoaae,orwhlla—sadhlaeki a;proBlnent actors la tais out- Tbe former has been arrestee, aad held to bailPrei-aba'e to the iaviiattao. Tae a<grave legislators record—ceived m any higbly-civuuedwas a secret conviction of sympathy and touZ-SnperlntsBdeata osDce from some considerable number ofon tnese perceive principafcciuples to vote Acaoemy.appropriationsMilitaryA sudden uf when men beside tempest feehng, getemployed theFayette-street, between Gay and Frederick streets. decorated. acteristicallyarechaseoiblagesaad wit were general. Each one, on eniereng, sa- assemblageawho has atieotlvely read the lawswhich too oftenIgivenSecretaryselveb,linginted tha lady of the house, and then went to BODf tha tabiea, his acquaintances or a society coo^Mlial to him. Thus sympathetic groups were fotmad' which facilitated couversati jo, rendered it ton ialjVaatiug, more varied, and leas restrained,illormaliiy warereign in evening gayety and mirthNo hot suns, no mosquitoes, it is expected from thirty to forty thousand strangers will visit Baltimoie on that occasion. Our new pallce system has gonebanished,andand tu cause a in the partyit fromof that thstHidycoldness andtheot the Northtbem-a character as those uodar this eoBstitattoBal ensctmaat sml thattntopapers Board af Visitors to combtae t* only because theatrikiag aelf-cotrecting principle of oarol tnryisdneloaMMlaDtKhessoftkeTaubourgSt.aaaUyseeaied prateetloa from MarahMeooaolldatedCeaipaalaa,hamayladcnstsaMlsaad aaa*laIkeatderoTttadar. masttakehe use far hia oables. pteeea of pcefoastMal taxta. As.«•^*»»i "kaaMr.aagotiatad. aadwhH piaeardalwas*Tba Commltta* do not dear who wish to double will not be refused the tlpmlifc JMiiliarlna paymade Adamsreapondeat do justice to thecadets theauelvea la this Koow,edge that all tbe means io onr power martha akaiM^ •( lb» wttUis, but. In a f5«ble way, at-tiaptMn'lftbuB. Tbarraoommandthe adap tiai ar* iwDlalloB reqaastinc oar detoga^on U Cos-hyserved Dlaodiis,Btatemeat tIt Is to be hoped ha dees aot ThesebeitieDectual.and that before thayear is-ba letDi N. was a suc- ball-room waa crowded withclosed Ihe entl'e business of the Conreattnn.»eie about getting ready to select delegates to Calei-canto It would aawmen—thewbea ea- of wham, theyaatMftMpr^fMty of tMti and iforaaa, for dlatrloa- her houae devoted to that sort of exercise, theiaol.XENOPaON.But it is not the countenance given by eaaa a considerable body «>f men, whteh rendeia tkat event so ominous and alarming. A rrtnaidfiaMe body af men may themselves be discounteaaaaadtttBa^PBtkli nol*. TwaUT-OB* insB, ai exprea*closed with a grand assault-at-arma. It served as an ocetsion for introducing to the com.the train. It was aipaiiM* H fwtibiri tlii aatM* for tha roate, fromeveningwhere alt privately with closed doors. This be- theyIs there aot the groalast naaalialty tha amoag greatiMniMfMhH*, MoompaaladBanSaM^ DpUlM ^Vl^iKtotake place. adYjournrmeandtersandtheworldmayrestassuredthatthe outrage perpetrated upon this Conrentloa was oy persons »hoEe acts meet neither encouragement norPrudactlaDa—Its Un«M|Baled Salabrlcr— •hooldcountforsoythlBgk**'(^bnjetaattheir merer, txjk,whohasmadeherselffamousintheuseofthe a apaa IkenL 8a all the antmaU amali-awerd. Dreaaed in the handsome costume IhCallfonla. of her country, Mile. Lisowsea held her swordA itMlllHa'Jaat la fttiai Utah ttT* that P. K. wiih so much and that no gentle- grace precisionwhere thaa lias the weight 8t«Aasaatlaa ofauthorityoathisquesiloatwas able to touch her.TifiWety. Balarapaled aa hoaait man, who wtU If there be anything more vulgar, moie calcu-melee. No oae, however, sustalued any serious la- Mr. GuHBiBOB, at oae period la Its car-'er, he mightareenlightened men are at firat stsggered by their a^ paiitiOB, but great numtwrs shrink from taking aair step which might seem to compromit the pany.at (laatka papnteuon at the lW,ooo wiilch BaisaAv lllll^- aalHi the hoaeit ratnme bear out that figure. Ba haa appotalad J. F. WAxaaa to take the ceiuu* ofCaiaMTailar.have been roughly dealt with.XENOPUOM.eorraipaadsBrs »f llu Ains-Fart IlBisa. St.AssosnaB,Wedaeaday,AprilIB,1860.liiBtlfli ahmit rnir fciflt At flrat it onlr fell at hours one moves in a circle of beauty and flow-CoBTeBtloB-FosttloB of the Oemocrata—The Repablleaas—Their Mtate CoaTen*iBg to decay. Built after the manner of the South of Europe, with narrow streets, heavy stone houies, hav.beadailtied. FAIRNESS.ai a laih about lunch time and af- «CT feariUaa kaan. Sataidar it kept It up prettyand the scene is as far re. sparkling crystal—algM tlHAtttaTaaaailj ill <a|. anrt aa fhinrtiT it *•* one perpetual life as when the illusion is des-taat iMaeoyaryatomista and that a diseased bone re- surgeonspreponderated, yet there appearedatlncere desire to unite In a common cauae, regardless of previous pre- dilections. The evidences were unmistakable of in- cependence, and a delermiaatloB to sustain a thirdrarely kindled,weatherlsln the highest degree enjoyable.tives claim that Summer la even more delightful, thehe taken of this matter is precisely that which will be taken one or two hundred years hence. Tbe men of those days will. take very little notice of the tumultuous passions aad ths crowd of in-Bepublic were~ordinary suddenlybalconies the aadshut in by Ugh walls, the traveler will fad aothlagand a fixedaaTOatthiitaihelasterthe wUeh. taka It all through, hu been an fttfoaa. Thafhtmariandmlnenareinpossible, troyed by seeing—tseetiooal AsltaHoa I<etter from JadgeopinionsorganizatioD, aad i(,pushing multitude, that takes the sup-States. la'respecttothecliaaateGilmkr,ofOhio.a liiillgtiaiMrtu. perTaivaMtraaaabetChuutDoinu Hewasonce Ckiat«r(toBanFraadaeoFireDepartment. Heleft heco ^idar tka aaggaatlon of the Vigilance Commit- tea, aad latalj lannaad. He mdaenlj turns up at aaenaaaaa. arhara the Aasembly has. pused an act pa»tathfni<tffn for azpenae* on the Department » I8K. Thahfll,whlehwasoneof"Suadrles,"wasIntaapc fsr Its VlgUaaca Committee, Is only too aaz- Isoa ta doable tha aaonnt and pass the bill with allOLAUCUS.PAKtSLAN NOTBS.BaaaehaM—ICaw 8a> af m Trai-FsaM Oar Owa Oonaapaadeat.Pans, Tfeonday, April *, 1800.Ite BmiMtM EnoiHU hta made an impor-^me moved from the l)ody in such a way as to leave in- tact its periosteum, or membranous covering, will be reproduced, has afforded U. Floubbiis a moattext for a new burst of enthusiasm tha yailbiBMfs at* all membera of the Imperial In favor of his cherished doctrine. That an ampu- liiiiiwfcniri. or cdbnacted dixectlr or indlrectlj tated bone may be rendered back to the individual thaiaalUi. The profaoe, of eoarse, are excluded by a process of nature is in effect a striking fact,fjoB the organizatioD, even to the choniaea andwho la jUBily regarded as one of the most abledirection. Old at oace with fruit, foliage and fltwers. Such 1> par- juriats and clvillant of our country. In my judgmaat This is the perplexing dilemma in whidt w« anboarda, ud an ordinance passedforty-fivepartenlightened,and a ia feeling (whichI8H bafgta oar ia<<i»maaillinthepaymentofoaehalfafit Caia- UT ooaU BOt wait in hla haste to oe off to collect all fels daaa. Tfea DaBoentie Legislatare, always wUI- iBg to lkei Baa Franelaeo that It has a great coa-and It Is difficult to whether will still continued of a destructive insect Is yet a cussed with and calmness.loe^aaother,theyThewire- workers and leaders la mucn exercisedher hotuahold ia fnll of Jena>andteaore. Inordertoutilizetliia mineoi Bsteal traaanio, bar Majesty haa organized a Booikj OTcniBg concert at the Toiieries, in whichThethe calm, eamaat yettha lapii.ainca Her Majesty takea part in tne ez-and one calculated to arrest the attention of lesscritical observers than H. FLoanciis. Startingfrom this point this gentleman has embroideredan ingenious argument on those two laws of theeconomy, the law oa form and the law of place,which tends to nothing less than the fabrication of avow they will not, under any circumstances, sup-view,so much impartiality. If not indifference, upoa theour nature are at work, and that whatever tlw ta.;and•reinB, atiqaettaintermixture oftbim l^rsons at a distance might suppose tinuaUy full,him to be. His name Is void of enthusiasm ment every notel and boarding-house Is crowded, and toruiy paseions,tbe deep dissimulatioa, and theelemeats can never be guiehed. For if disunionaztn-lnpeiiaiprincipal personagewe learn that hundreds on the St John's River areplace,which shall uut be deprived of all reasonableness, history altogether premstuie iaand wtiich shall at least have the merit ot sincer-:na-displayedfoiiaida elements. Theanywe witness. secretniacbiuatioiis which Ailin at talent in this corps of Imperial ama- pointteots, ia Kadame CoHHSAtr, the wife ut the Doctor a man artificial means. He cites theand thete are those of the example portOppositionopenlydc, therefore,vho was surgeon to the army of sixty mra that at-byjust mentioned, where, with proper care, bony to his affiliation"Thewas called to order by appointing Judge BuiB,of Montgomery County, temporary President. He waa subsequently chosen permaaeat Chairman,with the usual number ofAbout an hour after the CTonventlon met there ap- or lemonade. It was peared in the Hall, and outsloe ob the street, a vast «ll,eaCsa,wiM^ beer, atgeat, crowd of spectators, a geodly portion of whom It wasontii'iisl asperi'y, whether m themajorityBialaa, and, wbetber right or wnag ahatraetly, Ike fiamaaaseek,—than that of vaticlaatian, your correspundent any extensive and pjpulous community whoever corparateditintuthabodyof tha CoaadttMlim aat asyells. so by frequenring remptorilyOne fellow boliUy walked forward and1698, a change was made c-y like authority from five tohavenovirtueormeaniug. Butalibuugbtha words themselves may have uo value, the thingsapplied to the ubles, wkh neverby omnipotentalmost Inments for.on each side which have beencalledof tho < aaaa CtmaiUatioB rafatriac to pareach, were laid (or .anrapidly accnmnUted, ontll tha atraat and paveawnUfound a audience of teiertlsg exhibition, and largeYour••further correspondent remarks:and inoperative P*^*"t^o'*t*r*i;eas It ara th—regulated by custom ;rice, and a large roast pieceIt was ascer- tained that tney, together wIJi the President andgrtater1 have to-daj seen several specimens of newly ia-evening, pantomimes, music .tesurrecticn of this mode of the lastbelieve,Gtjsai8oi>,«r this city, was particularly In demsa* nal. Tbay posseas many superior adran. Mr. legtrlatoish,eslietastedeautlooa Inthaaaertahaeairdepredecessatrhse, >erfswh«t was brf..re niattrrnt opinion into If >ou give It tho CoosUlBtiGermsln, whoeeiint in aid of a charitablethis season was a pay cufiThus each individ-diffieelty, spell la the Harlaa Bank.tnaty poated up lagdistmtm,the Duchess MapadoBt. iiMi«hed It, awl Istlly, tttwrlr t'btained one of the cards of the Caji Anglais,WeatPaiatahe wm Oar I.i«UI*llf« ComialltM of Inreitlgatlooworse IntearloBs, arouad the premises. Is•f seeing further dlffiealUes. A strong poUce fsrcette Ut- da South by tbe war of 1812. Oar history since isMWaaUcipaUsaIt was, how- ar.ead of 'he resuiar mails. Tsey new briag examples,-at- J to laad, eame Into towa, mnd w*« e>p:ar*d.vllfc tk*lift <4 UlaloTconcern haa beenpeoplemore than met her an-t>e UBtll after tbe Baltimore heliot Cohveatlea. Hehasnot yet uailrd with the new Police Board.Tiie grand editorial excariiOBof the Baltlmere andfrat the curb of agalastpaidforeverythiitghe consumed,haaa ptopeaad ta patthroughloveiUgarmy; aor to tka aeeaaa of lTM-8 nor to ;example, and the movement is regarded in the allar the rente wUI be the ftminine world as nothing less than an organizedreapoaaed bodr tbem will conKiegate at Wasblngtoa aad Moan:acterAt a loirie at the bouse of an aristocraticreligious, polliicallieve,tubstantialiiytheirviewsAcademy as straagly la larar of the same perlad?pears,is fond of fencing, and has an apartment inP. S.Just as themallIs about closing,Money la ea»y and tne banks are begatag far eaiy very:lafavorHavo aot the' Faealty of the Aead-grow large partsmajneu under the dommion of the Spasish crown till/South, and to deponl U with the I^orth ; in other words, tu accommodate the political to the socialfamish the most valuablebeef,as ihe loin andtional Convention, is, or will be, to make such noini-afi object.ToeHaw are these sUtaaenta altagethsr IharilTalhanthBetha aaUrafaetst Whan has itOnly to the cord Duchess was added this important nota,layearsand modeled here alter it.bottom: "We do not count half-bottles.- Disap-prlslDgparformtagpointed persons cannot reclaim their money. vtmtbotre to the waiters is obligatory.The aupposlttoali thatlt will meei secretly during often tweatv-<o<u Ui fifty eight hours la advaaoe a) thishlmaalf, aotlsg under tae Btiength, and exerted a mors wrettmt- powerfullyprivilege."The first caji of the Duchessai.d ibake. Aa he eEte<H>ed unpopular.fatal blowbemay struck.cess. Herimmenseter thecotiaidered portentous eventShe announced that for the future hermoreone of his celebrated pastemlmes.yean,IB their desire for this by others thaaladons and eveamore and more from the society to which they belong.»e be maytheto tbeor aneat lis progress but serve to create capital aad active. Newdevclopmeatsof ore are If dally maklag.presentto onea idea oflated give melancholy humanitythan the scene that is often presented at toireea when the doors to the supper room are thrown open, I do not know what it is. For two or threealwaya,tbeycommitted,ers,iloB—Adams' prlae, dfec., dec.Company'a Eater>FHIL080PHT OF P0I4TIC8.ing overhanging sidewalks, gardeas Natare aad Teadeaelea of tke FroTaloat psrty is an aasociation of men, baTingmoved from and the mortalityrealities ofExpresarushing, byan aad unraaenrad coodemaatiaa ml openail thisgayscene dissolved intoFrom Onr Ovra aorreapandent. Baltwosz, Wednesday, April 2i, 1860.aad Sute are now sssumisg quite an importaat phase. Mutation Is go-Uke It In the ITnltsdand productloBS, too, St AngastlBe Is leas like aa Bditor* CifiCMifuUt Gmzette :theseopinions,one isre(»>gaixedaa theroom assault, and falls upon the salmonPolitical affairs in thisciiyAmerican 'ban a tropical town. All Winter loag (If tbe term Winter be not out of place here,} the gar- dens are filled with roses in bloom, aad trees coveredI inclose you sa extract of a letter recentlyreceived by me from Judge GaiMxs, of CnlUlcothe,tern,those who nave carried this opinion evea to Ike most preposterous extremes is considered aa ilejag violence to this organization.and champagne as if a famine reigned in the land. To avoid this disagreeable exhibition, a happy ex- pedient was hit upon at a late toirie at the Hotel de Ville, given by the Prefect of the Seine, on theM.to DoLLrns. The supper had forty-five patronessestbe orange, whlcn, though laboring under theand tone place It entirely beyond the aphere of ordi- nary party association, and are a happy proof that the ezcltlns political toplca of the day may be dia-the one by a diaaolution of thaoccasion of the marriage of his daughtertrees,These tables and the plates were numbered, as at the cafe toiries mentioned above. To each one of the forty-five ladies sevenaside one garment, w outside covering, t) assume as well as the more recent and twenty-five years ago—tbe present limethe other aby eonvictioaoatha;andtables.of tbeoften as tuierriag as a conviction) on the part of tkaappear cards were given, and these ahe distributed as she politicalofNorls It thera-that the events are at* which transpiriagpleased. With these cards, which were numberedto numbers on the tables, each one lound his place without trouble and without confusion, and, what was better, the parties wereCisounun, March 2«.W. GREENE. to acquire a political influence commensurate wriiik;1andso as to be agreeable to all. composedmake tbem richlyBut tbe great boast of St Augustine Is its unrivaledsalubrity. Lying just south of Ihe 3ath parallel of lati- tude, it la blest with a climate more benign than caa betouiidelsewhereupoathisconttaent milderthan;that ol Italy, and more equable than the lar-famsd temperatuie of Cuba.aadCanxicoTHB, March 23. Ton ask me to write you my opiaioa with re-its immense in growthcorrespondedterprleetoprofitable.papulation,aad i»-example is worthy of a wider application.The French Academy holds in its ranks a savantThis was largely attended, aad assemblagewhose hobby is to discover a means of prolonging eracy.In the months oflife indefinitely. I have named U. Floubbhs.The £aB de Jouvence is his night and tiis daydream, and people are curious to know whetherthe distinguished scademician is going to be ableto his own life. The discovery of the au- prolongmanifested a good deal of enthusuiaia. Judge WsissL,JanuaryFebruary,year,take place it would be tbe moatoverwhelmingover theheated land like a wave of coolwater,andterests which are the moving ;springssocietyof the bene at thewoadeistheaf a fixed petlad of iastnietloatoeverypoliticallyRepublicanelement lapriceanfproduce. MlBtng atocks of the Martstba accounts of the unseemly andSuch anotbrr, thingswill no look so dalraikt longerap-yoarsthe members of the Coaventlon have convened in the good paper. Weather pleasaal, but ta-d,r rather Board now la sesaioa aa the conrses of atudlea of the?t. Augusiine arrogates to itself the title of tacked Bologne in ISiO, who shared the captivity matter can be made to deposit itself in the place he haa already bid too high for the Ctdcago nomina- Ancient Ciiy," and not without lesson. fr<r It was ae4 UaAdaB>8 Expressaf ceuBtry is now daleg a large bnalassa. whleh IS-dicalfaUieactivityo<uadegsaerally. Staceihsre-cent completion of Soathera railroads, fsraatng aauuMokeii chain of rail ta New-Urleaaa, thie eatar- ptaeaast la what sray ta tha aatahUshmoat ay i«w ter dtacoatent produced both in tha Harth ^rifora brief¥pCaapaayeanrlsgthissaetlaajnat, aad dain variouathanTwo noted characters—aamed ALrais Hasnox aadqulcaer,magically,GABStai, ICavat does la '°fby asaai.i.. .. h^.r^Tl-—frcm but the worst class of citlzeus anysort er :(Bvallda—The Town Threa HaB> trayed byhisimaglaatloa than sastalaed by faou, lathat things which would never have been attasapk ed, or countenanced by the great bulk of tlw peo-sympathyOne or two of the police oSicers were assaulted la theorganbers pf the company we know less. Her Majesty with more careful study and observation we may ity as will meet the hearty approval of all constitu- ment for five mlliloBS of dollars, and on the 10th of uu tbe contrary, it is the natural and inevitable;Your article, headed Slaves sa Propartr," iaFrom all this M. Floitbins not only ameliorate the physicaltoeVe is unnatural in this nothingganization»as towered at the c-istle of St We might as suuii attempt tu dam uo the oee«n held that I have jet teen pabUahed. Much of the ex-thebills to ahow in society had not found a place inbills of f60«!pitycauonsofthe earth could be pointed to such a manasourChiefMsgistjatewithexaltedpilde. Hecom-this momlog, andmetat10o'clockInRechsbiteHall,fOr theAfter quoting from the laws of 1S02 and I81z, e^-aa It bow Military Academy, exists,remarks: " Here, certal.ily. Iss,hla point could"no means aAc. there was not In attendanee a fall Though.tlca csBBot claim any property la hia body, axsoptrler,repretentallon from all the counties, still every Con- gieislsnal District was represented in the Conven- tion."act of prerogative of the Secretarytu Interfere witn thiswill be the of beginaiugvention In a loadtonethatthisthing had gone far^„herechangebackwasmadetofive Whatmustbe years.whirli they denote may have a great deal and I ;doISfv^Ja'diibor. r„, lawr. tua aocyof evaa foarway of lorwardlag packages, newspaaar*. A:., this T Ualeas we suppose tha Faeolty of tha lastltu. full of similar wtiick are not sowas collected, aad order malalalned.ever, finally aimouBced that the Coaveatloa would herefrom P'ew-Cr leans In direedara and afewhiurs, tloo aad the aaaualnot reautmbie In that kail, and the throoK aiaperaed. t.kiag ihem MHith alia la the lame Usae, aad arr tbis end with the SeereUry of War, bo one caa do inaiitutinna had, fBar by year, been acqoii^except the Secretaryerenlni;, conclude lu ouiiiteas. UixieSora. Tbe eaierprlse aad acceptaole mmaage- " prerogative af a artia dlseretloo." Does ya»r car- V" inflneoce io wardlag off dlaasters. But I me-am told, oa histakiLg sea', ment of tbe Eiprest Coapany, as coiitrolledquite a temperate aad appropriate address. It Is said an boui or two of unlntetrupud action wmiU havethe Southern or Baltimore have waa de- Agency,merit our coiifideace, whioao«a'Tney1 (.thingoppaalUoByoungaverage ageabout 18, very proprietors aad editors, InteniioD la teilon. If, however, does so It will being naturally,-^-— k> muchiAeadeaiy one ol tbe Patrtoft aa old aa 21—any dlsparagemeat to others, it may be averred, withcur latitude, retail attempts like these to Interrupt Carolina mines areCaotpUlpearought afior, but not tlte au most distinction-the one for asveateen, the o.ber ingf nteitalB and molestation.expresstheir own sentunents free fromemphatically—hf'Uses at tbe Holioway-street Theatre.or otherwise—wnea respectfi*l,la u>me ol these cuaceras.The " Naiad coBKnues to draw Qaeea"I Be-larg'<nsiB, preaeed of foursaxageaarlaaoampalgners,"haveex.onemight fancy himsotfpn*.I learn thatoCEce of one of their frieada aad partitaa co-werkera,the sams eoursa ? la not thaFLORIDA.Edir VaUay, of the Hormona. But the pany a youag lady of Polish origin, Hlle. LiMow- veotlon win be gone through with tu-day, and a fiaal SlraBiie Aspect of 8c. AagBstlBa—Climate and If experlesoe, tberelera, la the working of a system and conlouLded. provided the great majeiitf ofing tbe case, I have no doubt the budoesa of the Coa-body 01 the gradaataa la favor of the same poilod ?qin some parts of theaftereasy.and primers to be made to take the place of text visited with an tmequivocal condemnatioaL If books at the Academy. The Faculty of the Aciidemy those sets bave been perpetrated in the name of a havethereputationofbeingateaofabilityaadpm- partybymenwhoIwlongtothatparty,aaddaiy dei.ee, and as they reeomawad all text-books to the carry to extremes the opinions of that patty, a Secretary of War for approval aad adopttoa, there Is prolound and equivocal atleaea ia ftaquently tb- poaition Pany—The Baltimore NadoBal town is SB anomaly. It Is not only fiaisbed, but gs- tome Blight gnaraBtee that primers, at least will aot served with regard ts tbem. The firmeat ana ^ortPoaition ausd DetermlBatloB of the CBlaa Op>Among our American cities, this singular oldon to a ciHulderable extent Wires are beingingpulledorganlza- Ions are what Gov. Wiss, In a disquisition"from allpointsand laeveryticularly tbe ease In respect to that most s'plendld of Ua publication eaaaot fall to do good. Ita thought now pisced. There are two ways of nsaafiajupon crabs, would call sluffing." They are casting effects of an unprecedented frost—that occurredyet say in softer or harder shells.blightmagnificent ornament of all this region.good temper philosophicTbe extract has been highly instructive to me, and Iof it make it so to others. mayto know exactly what course to pursue, or what wire to pull first. Their manifestations, thus far, havebeen marked with due caution, preventing any very rapid progress towards a definite or settled result. The Americans, Old Line Whigs, and Conservadre Democrats, met in State Conveation last week, and Inaigurated the iDlUatlva of a grand ConstUutional OijpuslUon Union Movement to battle against Demo-theguava,and the banana,growIngenuityThe the fig,masses,to be regarded, when taken as a whole, as oatr symptoms ot the struggle on the part of the Kottfctree wnlch flourishes here.only tropicalpam'egranate,maikably well, and require only a little labor and en-trust your pubilcatloaVery respectfully yours,thisIheie was no frost the range belag from 44° to 82° write. It is oltea as difficult to unravel the pres-gloiiava triumph of which free inatitntiona have over gentleman of talent. Influence and high reputauon. Fahrenheit. In March (the coldest for a dozen ent as it is to predict the future, and perhaps more been able to boast. A ray of light from ttaHon. JoHB P. KxsKXST also parl.clpated, besides sev- years) there were a few very light frosts, doing no time is uecesaary in order thoroughly to compre- North, the South aad the West ia la raaiitj eral others, who were active In the Whig ranks many perceptible harm to garden vegetailon. Inshortthere hend both the meaning and the consequences of dawning at the preseat moment Tho vaatj) eaia ago. The American element, ho wever, largely Is scarcely an unplessant day all Winter fires are presint events. I suppose that the true view to assemblsges at tke North, in which a wiada«who presldeu over Its deliberations. Is an old Whig, awindows uiaally open, ana theand eloquence worthy af the fcthera of theof the sun's a sea rays being tempered bycunlereuces of men of each party amtmg thoiAselves ; the frank and severe avowal, even aiaidatfervorbreeze which eemes up every day at IS A. M., flowingtheDecember aud Jaonar];or, In other words, stand by tbe nominationsmade by the forthcoming Constitutional Union Op-pssitlon National Convention, which assembles In coBtlnulng through the afternoon and night Its ef- nowLegislators Keataeky by certain factions—per. mptorlly asserted to—of variably required fcir comfort and daring the day its interest of our present history for them and theii unparalleled in hisiory ; the calm andparty;afthey will only look to certain results which,which werethat Union was greatly to be preferred to IHa-;Baltimore on th'e iith o( May next The idea put forth fect ia so giatelul upon sleepers that blsukets are in- although dimly seen now, will make up the whole and Tennessee to the Legislature of Ohio, an"lefrcshmg powers are indascribable.Several hundred invalids and pleasure-seekers fromposterity. Bat we caimot attain tUs advantageous spect cot rse pursued by Virginia, the arbBans and victory, or no Bavss and defeat," did notseem to have much weight The truth Is, Mr.Batbs ia much less a favorite In Maryland the North spend the Winter here. The town Is con.'itreaa a( which would enable us to look down with the South—all denote that the'goodelemeoteeTwhohim. A division of sentiment exists in reference More hotels are urgently needed.we canis to hazard somewithRepublicanism.It isthouithtity. everywhere subjected, however;that conjecturesweshouldthenbecoi an event following in theof Loms Hapolcob at Ham, who aided nioi in his where the diseased bone had been removed, and lon. The eastern shore counties, where Slavery ex- plHce long before Plymouth Rock or Jamestown was nounces a change which is very common among of conjecture, a subject too dark snd dangarons to escape tliereliom, and who is new chiet physician nowhere and how the are ists largely, will not support him under any circum- tliought oL Its age lacks but five years of three cen- nations, when ihey bave increased greatly in be meddled with when the immediate intrresta of else, particles deposited stances. 'The same may be said of portions of the turies. On the 8in of Sepiember, IS6S, In tne reign of riches, populatiou and power. But tbe change in a ara at stake. It must be left to tlwto tbirir Majesties and Deputy forUw Department so as to take en the exact form of the amputatedwestern shore. It would, therefore, be aimost impos-Pbiuf II. of Pioao MsssNnsz BS Avilss tliis instance is remarkable in one part ol the na- Spain,landed here and commenced tbe permanent se tie' tion. 'Ihe struggle is neither more nor less tiiangreat peoplemen of the twentieth centnry to determine thatof the Bouie. Withoat doubt Uad4mBsQuBtiBi.(;, bone. He cites also the example of cattle-raising, thewho occaaiooally aUows her Toice to be hdard atpoblie <;iaeerts in aid of charitable objects, is a TeiiiaMa mnaiciaB, with by bo means a mediocreofFkidcbice GaiXKB. To WiLUAM Guns, Cincinnati, Ohio.Tlie Teanre by wbiek SI*t]m are HeM.tible to concentrateOppositionMaryland uponproblem.where animals are so cropped that they are made such a leader. The desire of those in our State wuo ment of tbe town. With the exception of a period of an cfurt to dispUue the political power and influ-to in those of the body which are appoloied to participate in the Baltimore Na- twenty years, from 1763 to 1783, St Augustlae re- ence which have huherlo been wielded by thedeterred fromcommgby the lack of accomoaatlont.—obeying those regular taws tofrom November At thia mo- ta.Jiue.sue these may be,thatand mental or- tional Uoion-lovlog men of every precinct of every July of that year tiie Spanish flag, which had floated consequtnce ul certain laws of society, which your paper of the Vih of Aorll, la thevlaareat and rite-We have but to direct our at-verse,andsomepeopleareunkindenoughto tentiontothecontrollingoftheselawsolform vexatiousquestionofSlavery.WltbcsUdidatescon- 01latetheattentionofNorthernajrtculturiatsand ilwecou'd,woulditbedesirable,furitwouldper- ofacorrectnnderstandlngofthepoliticalnatureaad aay that her teaviters have become tne most irrita- and place to accomplish our object. Under any genial to this programme, the Union Opnosltloa of h',itirullurif>ts has t)een turned to Florida, and with (jetuate the heart-burnings aud jealousies whicb rights of this tenure, and It wooid seem nseksa lable of nten. However thia may be, the idea ofHer Majesty in organizing such an evening pastimein her Conn waa a most happy one, and we maybe sure that she carries into its direciiun all the ed fiat that the life of man is limited to threecharm which distinguishes her whole life. score and ten.Among the new things which have been pro. Tha French capital, so prolific in the discoverycan march up harmoniously, effectively, ano do battle together in earnest with their brethren elcewhere.much prolong life.thisresultfromnow exibt between the two sections whereas, ;in tke cuutributes more to long ran,athibutable to a waatelaborate upon ) our lucid oxpUnaUona. Thata ara^oneortwo fullyaamighthavebeandona,aadIfyoaIhlakthese important questions,andagainsttheaccept,There seems to be, so far as I am able to read pub- lic sentiment, an utter detestation of attempting, orLheee suggesuuoa are worthy of notice, yon caa aaathem aa > ott piesse.H. Flouskms raises himself with upMarylandcircumstancesmdignatiou at the apathy of the scientific world onii(>thing,cuim irritatioti, and tooie lit, than to l«Hlge tbe politicalbovtever,outaapolatawhichyoudoaotbrlBfTbe Bepablieaa State CaareBtlaB—Ita Dellb-eratlaaa Thwarted aad Broken ap by a the Father of hia Country. Judge McLsan or Mr-wsrrsnt officers, cadets, may be ailached to be Lu- the ascendency itself. As long ss the struggle In bondage as spprsatlcasaiedv for Ufa—th* sporiafagalready hdtels and ington, Talbot, Cecil, Worcester, Harford and Mont- boarding-houses. There will be abundant room fortionalism, and withit foreversinkintoobscuritytheastupievenltakmg place;nor, citementuponthis Is subjectdnced daring the faaUonabie season in aristocratic of saw iadustrirs, has just brought to light a tive emolument You mdy rest assured, therefore productioi-scan also be readily shlpiiei to New-Voik fl-jence. Here a difficulty meets us. 11 the politi- for eiideavorii g 'o place tbeir aiavea, ao calied. In toocircle*, is that of coffee parties. It would be more mostproper to say, among the revivals, lor this is not a charge of usury, and in the investigation of the af- as united witn the State Constitutional Cunvemioa new, bat an old custom. These eo/ct afforded an fair it was found that her real occupation was that held here last week, will, independent of and separatefor icceiving a great many pejple af bank biUt to show in at .i rate from all other conslderalious, stand by and supportexcellentwitfidnt much expense, without ceremony and wiUutot constraint. Of course, only the usual company of the home were admitted.Ihe Coursegress and the Secretory ot War.n Ou MdUtr ^uu Ittw Tfk Ttme*:jQ^analending socuty,the nominees of the Baltimore Nalional Convention. Thisisfullydeterminedupon,thoughIt besustain-AttoraptataCbangeofStody-sud to auuibilaie alt national parlies, and thus, iu-The evening on which a lacni'y intended to givea es/ic was announced to all their trieuds and ac-and one was allowed to come quaintances, everyin whatever dress he or she chose. The ordinary promaoada dreaa was the most usual. The sa- loon of the house were arranged with small tal>lea, like a public ca/e, with chairs at each forers. They weie mostly people who had more ot Massachusetts, are names most In favor witn the Tiuth,"ln tne article headed West Point Acade- quiet prevailed during supremacy Hnutbern the aousdeat dog in the realm, yat he will frlghtaa apoaition in the world than means, and who suc- Union Party of this city and State. Eitaer of them my," in your supplemental Issue of April 31, hat, 1 iiitiueuce, yet this influence was iu a great meas- whole community aa much aa though hawostialrsingularof foar or five hundred per cent. She declaredthat the business waa an active oae, and that shehad a great many regular and irregular custom-stead ol over the spreadingtranquillitypocket-books, under the eyes of a friend, a few ing;to be based. Is to s ate the whole truth.Your correspondent has given with accuracy thefindhowev- from analogyWhat a Balzac's Comidie Humaine.BIARTIiAND AFFAIRS.1er, fur it is thatthepoliticalascendencyottheNorthshould perpetuate geographical parties. To suppose so,"the view in theby which ho Is hela. necessaiy consequence af spprtniieeahlp existing la the Si^ua whiofc ileaner of bankptestm bystrongest light,a third to the ultimate success of Democra- partycountry, to produce more discord than now exists. ThisInto operation;but by what process,suinepanyof it dU nota«e fit togohensions of molestation from rowdyism.The Deinocrata here, and In many parts of theState, are much divided, but they will unite veryheard of even aiiy couaioerable body Mt men, which wae not troubled by its own internal dissansiuns. This must lurever be tbe so ss humanso sa that nature longbut aa —apprentices.on the Charleston nomination.there can be no doubt Docglas would make the strongest poll, but DicKiabon, of New-York, haithat social and halfgenerallythe end," is not quite so clear, unless Indeed the **pre-rogailve" of the Secretary is something above and be-jond the control of legal enactment If CoDgress real interests of the two sect! 'Us, which are nuw away, or can be reclaimed if Ihey eseip* to sbocbbtmanyadmirers. ThepartyIspreparingforaspiritedSlate, by oiasiu of ih* ratorB of the oody. waieam tba cnly way by which thay can be r*:';'*'.""*- ^a means by wblek t» firs people wit who other- tvident were what are and "hard campaign, and will be very bard to beat. Nothing the arm} known as the Military Academy, the on^y but and that these to aJaaTMefa not consider his aervlces m>«cl«n.Jr 'r"*?,'^ 'Swise had none it conversational powera,bat a strong man on the opposite side can do It mat the Is Interested in is. and nut the Union. to dis- point public knowing to a severance ofIntense excitement pre.law* r«gulatii.g apprantlcasfalp at tho No;todeveloped boyt." Their obiect wasdm^n,^j knowledge, and rendered to each hia true turbance. Hl^blef waa palpably brewing. A few;'atatus. What, In effect. Is mora erushingly stupidevidentlywbetber, m tbe question Congress-minutes more and elapsed,thiscityesiabiishlugof a course of Instructl-^n at It forfourSFlf-correctiiig principle,I think, will admit of uoafter bim. because he cMi g.t"^""""S;!' SSStovailed. A nolae could be heard luahlng^^^^' puu oo i.iy to ran-my broond>e*dJ;r_-known aa "Roagha"the effects of such fluctuatloiu upon the well-being of ofoperatlOBS.Themembersbythistimegrewua- alnr.lngtoending.Forsoma prior occuliing, theluttltuuontherecanbelittledoubtHowfarItlast night to great advantage. 1 watched It from be- SBOugh, time toeasytheir way from the Hall ia irrepressible terror, es-caping the bast way tbay could, apprehendmg miiiutea past eight, her glory was eclipsed,North, South, Eaat aad Waat oa thU oahiaai, latbe of an out one-half hour iwinallig eye, peeringafterwaids In nndlmmed splendor. It was a most In-the place,ll^^w'rir'?' »^'".w"=t were num^erod' called to the spot, when order was bully restored. Never before baa this phenomena been witnessed to ing processprihciple ol our institolioiui.an hand. Then of a sudden, at tairtrifthat elauscheld to seivtca sad hibor.* Thlt Is aad CoaaMadvantage.Of thisaa thatThe property lies In tha labor or ssrvleas offor theoner4Mr<« and one alda dish. Th«y often ad led ti other ofiiceta. had enciped for qnarters uakaown. are by Hsaar J. Hooaas, an old telegrapher, and than campaigners at sixty. Ia this they find a ready the people, adds tenfold strength ^'>.^'"^"* stltntloa legallstng white aadblaek a*-tieri -Looking, however,delsgatas.but also to its prescribeand then the mutualat i»iblle cost, veuted telearaph cables and conducting wires. Tney arebetterjodgesoflimits. Theyaffairs,Uce-labor la like manner for tt*y oalp :teonatraetlan. As there la mucn talkoaa"l" iiR. hopes to Introduce an entire new lysiem of tele-about preaenta.finallyM.<ik, and the Stars and Stripes took Its place.lesson, for tb s ij:ate offers peculiar advantages to ea- terpnsiDg emigratjts wl.h limited means. 1 shill en- large on tbis top.c in future letters, and for the pres- ent ^ball only sav, generally, that am-^ng these ad- vantages are a healthy climate, no Wiu.ers la tbe Northern tense or the term, and the cou»eq<ieiit (Ca-pacityses>iufr,)and content- influence in tbe hasdestinedit All tbe commotion and turbulence uf feeling which have, even seeming to attempt to play second fiddle to any EU'liy. To tbf i-e may be added the fact that an ex- maniiesled themselves during the last twenty exisdcg party,'howfcver great its power or prospec- cellent market exists here for ail productions, <»hich >e8rs. aieto lieattributetTto this struggle for in-of the i,ind to two or th-ee crops an- produceYouas tpeaklhg through Mr. WiarAU their seallaaats,bines scholarship, statesmanship, patriotism and ex-pansive naUonailty. He has not only been instrimiea- Academy, in this he haa corrected a popular mtaap- wuuld be tu run counter tu all tbe priucipies whicb age for a UralteO tlm*.Cunniixs would also, 11 nominated, uclM the po»tion.lExtensive preparations arealreadyprogressfi>rperiod,as tnere is un so other occasions, botti in political and private lile,Wash-also from Baltimore County and all, and to »pare, with no gouging In prices of fare.There ware delegates present from Frederick,ever> thing.State ofNow Ihe law of each State ttiathe black In iBvarlotts grounded long. nssgsComitiesBaltimore City—numbering In allabout forty. Theof W«rliut ol so which now exist,people alariuin]^uponsiiiutlou found the relation betweaa tha whim aadgomerywide discretionyour coriespondent IS perfecil> correct, and no 03emade for rooms at our ""prtci^iiaiegrow up amongottierthe Uoloa.with it and Ihe efficiency of Judge Vlce-I»resld«nts, Sscretar Bosn, of the Criminal Court, there need be no appre-bahtad that h« to- ralattaa,ApplicationsBut if such ahould not be the case, feuda and controversies will assuredlyat the discretion ofthe Presloentof the Unites Slates, as authorized by Congress or oy legil eniict- ment. Now,thisview,atfirstsight,mayseemadis- tinction without a difierence;Oan. On Up* contiarr. It speaks only paraoa* many held tw service or Jabor" la tbe various 8:stas of tB«tablishii'gwhleheverypemoalaheldtrosgasloartvslaoa "but sulficieBt to moderate sec- vary tn almost every Stata la ttia Vohm. The Caa-to thewhich be must exercise under the Preildeut" la thhave reached any other result;otherreaches the following conclusion from nls .premises,"Ine Northerner who holds In baadage hia apmaaThe fijstCongressthen behaa the power to mterfere further with that branch of lust sight of in the ain ol parties, are not diverse,prendce,andthoasseivlcrscaa ba sold aadcuutiuuaoce, produce The Republicans hold their S.ata Convention In now before tbe ato-morrow, for the purpose of cbooniog dele-gates to the Chicago Convention. I am Informed by or five years—there seems to be a oecesilty for legis- doubt. II was thv libit of rrlleciion, it tiaa been the aikirg. Hence, u> seeore him-"than ooa of those evening assemblages with itsparlor mathematically arranged, Its qusdranjularrowB of Immovable 'wall-flowers," its speechles' They threw Inkstands and ovher mUsllea, and make very little show or parade, but say they are ment of a few facts. In ISM a Change Was made oy to an extent never before known. I know thathe u ma paper *dv«rtis.meBtBtoups ofits atupendoua platitudes of "Goodandpuaalngjostling delegates In a rougn maruier. Tbis was dally gathering strength.Tney sendmg six- proposethese terms— habits of reflection and real interestsBtifl'.necked,wtute-cravatad Evening,"orcerof the Secret^iry of War, from a course of In-—of the two sections have become so common andA plek*ai.t evening ?" ctrt»inlyauckasaemblages. Asof ti»e cV« '«"". theyaccompanied with whooping, aiid loud, demonia-suuctlonyearsfamiliar aa to lead ta believe that many persons••natloEB of that assemblage, whoever ihey maytoe,entirely free liom any action ol the Baltimore Union four years. In the following April, 1618, another theyparaons,andIf one were not born stu- calteen to Chicago, and will go for the noml- delegatesof fourto oae of five.In September,hall. It apptars that tne assailants commenced their thoas who actwith ttaem'thatthey expectto bework by apaettlog benches, desks and olher furniture.sented by delegates from all the counties. Tney will be able to settle In their own mlnda,from a state- diSuse habits of relleciion among all otders of men "W-alkeo away-tlc*, Jim Greasy." &<•-.*=-.Inside therepre- lative acuon. This is one that most Inteiiigsiu men maintained by redeciiuti, and il tias cuatiibuied tocourtting throughlu pupils are wUltng not only to receive an educationto the whti adnitsister puDiic call the other Blavary llkawlsa. Bat If agents one aiast eaU the sthe public necessities atsixteen, iipi.ntheGovernment,and of theG"TM"'""'°'X2 leBglkofMawaftbebaadafS. Wathcndquarter to which nature-A.M, cal irHuetice is absolutely transterred to the North, fuse posluoj. of p"ropertv, aaa upjn tae aame politi- calfootugwith laiidi,aorses,mulesand-koga" tt may not the effect be to condrm and perpetuate must be apparent even to tne South that taay do the two geugrapUical parties, whicb nave been ni.thola tne slave by sack political constltaUaaal Can- gradually luruiing during the last twenty year^ ri{.bt, LOr can they find any plausible argaiaaat to place them on that footing. Toe aaca'led alavs ia no more than an ordinary apprentice, and if the blaak man at the South waa called an appraatloa laalaad afa sUve, It would act like ou apoa the iroaolad 'mlai Jobs Bill of and Edvabo Evsasn Your correspondent, over the signature of undoubtedly may be the caae, for although great oftheN'oita. But call a and thooshone. A woman was arrested on the that the legitimate Opposition of old Maryland, such and other Northern cities.WEST POINT ACADBHT.ingcy. Tennessee, " " the of dogoM^, hakeceeded in their able, would secure our electoral vote. Mr. Evssrrr seems fear, not sufficiently considered that half truths ure gained and maintained by the assistance of foauilDg m«d.maintaining position by beingfrom time to time, to turn over carelessly in their to have tbe preference. Individually, If such a bless-thrown before the puoUc are likely to t»e more per- set eial of the Nurthein States, and at a time when If b <ih Ihe North snd South would study their eaa^and that the first duty. In mak- deut than any other man now living. All civilized ing a statement upon which an Intelliseat opinion iaquestionsstiiied or concealed geugraphical parties.~th* taanreThe frsners of tha CvnstltutioB faoad three i1Suxnia—Male andfomaleUaekapprantioa*lat age tor a Umlied ttma.Each of these classes might bs apprsatloaa ft Hit a thev r!led in thetr boodage.TXrrf—Male aad femsle blacks aad theircould be in store, I would rather see htm PresI'nicious than usefultbe definition forthe soealiad slave, ami— nature is what it is is,Government;maylathe affair atwhich hu occurrLfew belag U. soiM like stadeaU gaaarally, restraint put upoa them aad are aaxlaas not to have the aot bar»e oot frles'ls aad re- f". Is it not a mat- whleh ate' ia^nruTidentical, pointsr» thailfabOMmecEwic loaes *!• •PP"""':?; „,FUrlda Wlaten—Snmmer !—Bntels Crnwded—Su Aagnatlne the Me- Your conespovdsBt, it ts to be hoped. Is rather be- degree. But auch is tbe organization of partb^produce quietof a coaraeI!?!."w*as M Jart— gard to the present stste of publie affairs a sub-ject which is well ealculsted to awaken reflection,and to sharpen all our faculties of thought ia an-deavoring to find some clew to the strange eventswe are witnessing. But I know not wktt to to tkeir hiding-places. If such aa erent akaail!iIt appears to me that tbe present crisis an- msy discern them. But this lands us innational absorbed thu public minil, and man Constuuuoo, and adhct* to tha taxt thsy woaldtu theto euliiiiit tu what is inevitable, because it is natu-(uboiiicoosequriicesral. Now, 1 am by no niearis certainness an operiiueiit so important and interesting. inuft be returned. It ta coneadad aa all alda» tMdthis clause In the Coattltatlaa eaaalastha Saoainar to reclaim his apprenoca ta Uka moBaar tiom aarNorth, or minority, tu aide with in the Suuth. For whoever heard ofFor that our system of Government possiessescase, longaa auxiuary to prodacs piaparty-pto,.eriyfarIsvery properlyrebuke theSouth, repreaeatedmiscreants as a nobleband of a^definiteamongmaster principle which gives vitality to the ay»-from it : Union,whichwouldbegreatlytobedeploredatwealth telligence, and that when tbe balance, which Imainclined to one sideso a is shiftsd fpr loag period,to theand forbidding, public affairs will resume tkeir a^ customed tenor, and conspirators against tke ia* stitutions of any part of the Union will be diivdastormydebates otmade by many Southern mRmbeta^union the visit of the ofaconfederatadacttolormaTlaioa. nrst-Male and (amal* white apptoaliees ta;a buidofoTM,a meaaa whtcb tboa* who m^ oy* paraoBS held to sarrlc* aad Ishas-JThe Southerner, on tHe «"°" J""' Hf !SJ J ti,.. ,m iii» Mild If he runs away, (Anaoi g*i rSSS^H-nrv'^^i-iCt-.'^riodyii,paaatrsladtatatha t„,val*nt la the Stataa. aad haaa gasadadtheilcMa.veiv ><ep'h*haa Wat/ The •'cen- the scoundrel," *c. He ran^Uke a" good fellow,have nut tojoia agalaat of -ur m""""TM?-. aulr}' saooM be: WhlehRougoa," hallooed aloud for him, aaylagKillof oU-fashloned aad patient stadr.thorough lundan^ental rrinripicbutinetioa aad juTsoUe salNeaial. Sctenoe made Ourhistorj-isluliol examplesThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^,^to this a«acfc I ikau weaad graph aew lines la putdngupbaidfbipsabtogalaettksr.opposiUoato theUeentntitledDogcum^ 