 rKO-KATA IM WAUbrSraSBTurdMFi»JKaM«r«ra*Bd•asOperator'' lBltow-TnkC«M>«l— k•ta|akrl•rCkap-tor. H«w,I,aakaat.abrokeT—oneoftheBsard- are soon to add to this topply 25,M0^0aO gallona FnaidaBtPnpket,«BdanBaaiaaBa8ya«aTha of iBHoitafroaPar AacUaU, MaaxaaiUo..Far Hoaolala Asre,fraB^'f^MoktioB and peculation are not aj- np<m thethe factthat an " outsider" clean, for the reason that very little dirt can beTotalyesterday afternoon, FrevlonalytUayear mtmmTom^at4lmt.l... .........In Slock* tliare had been bnt te^v U^ dMM^iJtayoM. ttfpJSet&m» cat would inwithout claws. Thatclean condition of the no solid streets, and thatlUiyoubytheTribune,youwillfindyourdisappointment sndtheyarenotallowedtohaveanycommnnica- oftieQuonimsofCouniies JamesBlakeslee,EJ- andthefreenatureofthedemandwerenotwith-were ever inCongreasFor twe or threeChurch of Christ has been excitingthatleorganzatlon, hl8 people maybe redeemed fromof snow, covering all out-door things with fantasTlccoats of fiost These icy seats would sUck for hoarydays together on every weed and every spear of grass, making it very hard upon tbe cattle on the ranges, for ice-grass is rather cold comfort for the bo- vise race.^cent, on— likeyears pasttheconduct of the^days up to 6 months, and 5®6 ^the rulebeing 6 ^ cent, on miscellaneous coUataraLqneer speeimenaof Mammon's technical- zoology,me, I chould be accused of motives of evil.hereafterroots, hurlingAndthoagh both tenni have peculiarmS?.!?^^-."^ fojlowtag substancesareallowedtoflowintothesewers Co^n'S.ra^ttSaints" wen unanl-_-,-,IB connectioB with a tbdr diffeimce ia easentULTophetattheearlyBoardlipxlielowthereducedcontnet,I hare do heaitation in admitting tliat specnlatioDtbo bast movement in stocks is^ "from the houses. This last also accounts in a able odors in the streets, even in the hottestEdwinmade at the cloae of Iniainen ontral, Galena and Chicago, Bock Island and Toledoadraaeal, but there are none in market. City'aad CavMyidioajDCTacjr developedTery vrith,under the houses are required tobe;filaire.followlBg Klders were then ordained PrestdeotsRailway ahares,nia remitUnce received, ttCday, iVjgi QttI •• " " 'eperatkma bj tradingkjuvea bofBthan you can " Bear"the o»)y sure way of making money without work, is to take a contract for cleaning the streets.W. D.'^^JSI? £• w.'i**^ ^P- l'»"0hler, Mortoo.Assayifeji of DiracAV, Swaaust Co., recently eataUisbed at Iporpoae wBnto hawfttatad boya with tettamenUbut aa ite^adiDad to make me tha cashier of the in-AdvaBiasee af luorganization h> Utah.Likely some- lowed np at the afternoon Board, and ita influencennable to maintain.expedition and perfect exactneaa, andmade tbe at upon deposita once.Tka (ollowlat la the Treaana Hat br tba J J. O. Parker fe Bon..tj;afltntton I twnad a deaf ear to her suggestion.^- iM tke inatanee of my mother, I purchased aCleaalac—Mevrerace*n tU MttUT tf tk* l^m-Tm* Ttmm:will tarnAVFAIIM IN UTAH.andStltahusoftheDepartmentdeL'Aisne. Hewasappointedafter the made to assassinate thement never been tried, to havingitself ;bearing theChurch—the ornament to Wall-street.Majorchargeof the adminis-God to wrathof evil ana unrlghteousoess, aiid now he has •proceeeded to lupaper, *0 cent, on tem- Stock BrokersTrinity;;veryres-attempt Emperorbe olctated to saveby asytUog only that which many fear it cannot.itaaown imprudence, and the realizinglie37,MI.M fK .l,a4a,M8.1» WMMilWthe but then I have seen somemy knowledgeCokb, Jr.,pectable business men'at work with their ledger onbutregulatepen-preacher, living antiiorgreatest;praisebeen steady cold, occaslonAy very severe, very Uttle wind, and an amount of fog, wUchConstruction bonds can- celedtn MarchCosstrnetlon bonds caa- eelod previouslyFree land bonds cancel-ed in 1810 March,Free land bonds cancel-ed•S4,SM « l,Mr,Sa* ••i4,«oew 187,000 00—One word, here, abeot Wall-street as it is wellporary Loans,thebojlt that business menaccept tUs office as a means to wealtn.cept the poeliion for a name. I assume itfeel that 1 am called upon by God to take It. Neither do I take the po«inon without having considered thethe conven- MBca of a clock, and be enabled to calculate to a •eeond how long they and their notes might run before bank-closing. For this purpose. Trinityknown'as Bnlls'and Bears,pen in which they herd, and where their vmcesyou advancing doctrinesit would seem would and should be citylychieflymanner In the CaSons near thiathe recentlySmce Jan. I ....... Thedemand forare asnally heard, is called the Stock Bzehange,^';true doctrinesof Mr. Stuub, of Toquervllle. The lad, fbartoenof ten.soon willonthat it is a blotmight enjoyPrefet de la Seine. Since thehaa been increased to between four and five thous- unworthy motives that the world will ascribeTT 7,300,401 20street-deaDingstand stock-in. Tbst iLyCu sell short" it great degree for the entire absence of disagreea-prices Monday, and a pretty heavy business was done in New-York Cen-the StaU Bonda baT«,a|aia fortnightAccordinglr,•tiD beforeCadweU,'OeorgrSloiSy,life.itaelf at acalculate upon the passage of any weather.supplyingnia,poudrette,4c.,principallyatBondy. SomebyBfaalelpal OrgaalaatlaB— the vaults, however, are divided into two parts of Whether any acUon wlU beGovernmax* te^- Tbe aasaya are'anader," which joggled the egg away as soon as litical article.laid, thoB inducing the deluded fowl to believe, on Since I have been in Paris, I have had occasioncent., large sales. There waa a is had with the Seine, at Asni^res, several miles tbe steep and almost Inaccesslhle mountains have to free demand for Micliigan Central 8 ^ cents., at. 6,000'nest, that her conclusions had to exsmine in considerable detail thebeen haaty and enooeous, that the egg had not administration, police organization, ic, of that been deposited, and that an immediate resumption city, which is justly considered as the most ele-theoflaborwaaaaefaigemptymunicipalThiswasa gantandbest-conductedcityintheworld,andtheM1aI hadn't'^ "boya I; replied,judgment,percelveo that the discovery of coal In tUs vicinity,abaolutely necessary.THE MORMONS.A SCBIBM AMONG THE SAINTS.:,..; The above increase would hanlarger had not the Hudson River opeaadtMt in natoral which maternal ances- following remarks may perhaps interest some tiistory mytor failed to appiedste ; the egg contract was of your readers. It is well kaown that the prin- reednded, and the hens were literally, left on my cipal reason for the clock-work like regularity hands,foronemorningtheyallturnedupdead. I withwhichmovestheadministrationoftheCity; last transactions at Slf. The price of Sock IslandIncreaseahe alwayshad a mortalpowerin the hands of averypersons,there, 58Jlows:my maiden aunt ofof Paris lies in the fact of the centralization of the.for the aix months ending Marchweia as Sbl- ^rathertheaa ;the whole roost, eapedally the rooster—for when is the only way ia which a respectable and effi-snspectedpoisoning antipathy against31,—I told ha of tiie foul murder, she said that it waswood consider that not less than one month In theyearisabsolntely required to be thus employed. And showed some weakness through the day ; cloaing iMe-s9and asked me if I was not sorry thatgeneral market left off firm, with an increasing demand for neayly all the speculative* Inciaasagiven my moneyto the barefooted littleIf notwith a view to clear it of ple, comes to be lookedChurch,tboEe enormities which In Utah are so disgracing to importance. The Leglslatun aome time ago offerednottomy personalluiowledge;pay»»T8: ^.; -that the little boya hadn't any buainess to be bare- MAS, is a man of great abilities and of high posi-Iboted ;" aunt and said she tion in society. He has occupied his post for aa Ugh premium for the discovery of a coal-bed withinvariation in the market for than have Money mightbeen looked for under the attempts made on theStreet and also by some of our cotemporaries tocreate a feeling against the expansion of theto passwhereupon my groanedhumanity. This day, at tbe Conference, he offeredhimself for acceptance aa tike Prophet, and was ao- time to time been on the look-out for tUi desirable"day was that Is relation to tba psyaaaat of tkiMril--waa that she had such a wicked aonyHe is assisted by the Conaeil Muni-forty miles of tUs city, and various parties have from commodity. A coal-bed was discovered sometimesince on Chalk10 A H., and occupied tbe morning in preachisg.Muchofthis preachingconsisted indenunciationofthe apostacy of the Church in Utah, and the evilspromulgated by Bxiobah Yodiig and his satelliteswere vigorously attacked. Polygamy was especially coal four feet tUck, four miles east of Provo Ca- do so, entered the market for mercantile bills andThe moot important action at tbo OsimB yaMsa-long period.cipal, composed of sixty members, also named by the Emperor, and who are intended to represent all the callings and professions of the capital.Bbnesi GoinR, the "atomptail;" but tiie tale of thia operation has celebrated constructor of locomotives and steam beea before told, and, passing over this and inter. engines, Ac; their services are gratuitous. The 'venhg experiences, we will at once consider the Prefet has charge of everything concerning theeventfel end in wlifeh I attempted to launch my-like thenephew. This early enterprise tanght me a very imporEantread interest The Conncii took.gracefully, on tbe whole—voted tonadMt Ik*leaaco in commercial economy, viz. :plypretendingthat the sup-At a anbaequent period of life I dealt extensively This council is composed of such men as Li YCR-Creek, a tributary of the Weber fifty miles east of tUs city, and lastvotes the interest oa the withholdingaboold never exceed the demand.Discount line. Withoutf Mlssls^pDl Road Bonds, and voted Jt^OM.la that grade of wheat, familiarly known as BIEB, the great astronomerentirely wisdom and control of the large Banits,— Aldemcnthree only CopFiaaBB, Jaavoting nay. We need not —r ttal-mt '•df OB the waters ofOremt Battem, got stuck on the stocks.falling awaybat w«;Wall-street, and,vrlllto procure a supply of eoal for the community.in order of the streets and sewers, tc., &c.It is somewhat remarlcable that when a man The Prefet de Police haa functions of a different bieaka, iie almost invariably becomes a broker^ nature from those of the Prefet de la Seine. InaU» pank of 18S7, failed, paid something leas thanonthedollar, movedoverto'>^*''"C Jersey City,Gentile world were Your preieat.correspondentexpectedThere are also divers rumors current about coal fortnight, of two or three millions. In the present' of our city at heart"iSos it waa with a friend of mine.The March retnra in detail of 9temore the firat place he haa charge of all the police of the ctauaooly called Ursa Uajor, who, in the remark- city, public as well as secret, and, by a recent de-Ughdignitaries of the Church and sslots than ever he east of this city. So we have cheering prospects of in Europe, it is difficult to see why the Bankaand took his residence in Wall-street. Dping" 'Twixtchaimels. Under our Freelinger- liimprideto open a mock auction ahop in preference, butand cup lipremiant ofwould haveThere's many a slip."Nor was this aaxlety allayed until Sam took thegrowthandMajor Ursa,Central Railroad is as follows:A persuadedcent, into outsideBanking System, in New-York, and thediffusion of Bank Capital through nearly sixty in-familywas rather anwouldextraordinary Uke aprecipitate continually verygeatlefall5®5^ very short prime acceptances, and-«I,MMM«— mjwm«4M««9a,mjm« $n,ia H UI.4ir«^ t,<;but itispower within me was so great Uiat not even for the space ofThefollowingis acomparative statement of"Bandy, my boy," cried he, seizing my hand andmaking af the connected arm an extempore pump-haadle, "how are ye? I was just thinking of cess, but in the city proper they are very rare,were not promulgated by divine authority ;llAily paaa the Senatehe waa very sure that itgivenceed a certain height, (which height varies withpromulgated and so odious are those doctrines to me, that the time was wben I;the Senate, for,in Utah In the books wherein Ito ran over cattle and the width of the street,) and as it is for the inter- held In view the Idea of becoming the head of theCompanieaments aa runniag two trains in opposite direc-est of the builders to go as iiigb aa possible, thebouses are thus of the same and ex- nearly height,men, indiacrimiaately, andattemptsuchexperi-(5,(100 U.S. 6'B,'74.Seg 102\ 4,(00 Vlr.8Ute6's.... 93 1,000 Tenn. «'i,'90.... 901$ 2.000 Ind. State 6's... 88tiona on one track at the samemyheH upon myself. The Idea that I was to assumeOld Taonia. In fact westreets and boulevards are divided into but unscrupulous man ; 1 i^o not propose Inat any such 150 Canton Coprincipal man shall lake me as a leader. I knew tbat If I al- 62 dosections of perhaps the length from Fulton to lowed myself to take upon myself this office, being 1 OW Gal. k Chi.ltt me. 92 Chambers streets, each of which is placed under urged by any considerations unworthy of It, such as 20 Merchants* Bank.. .10734thaordered the dinner and I thonghtdusty weather,pur-enforcedfriends as the 720 peo-esjjit. Alter dinner Iso act that tbey sbsll have asmany^ ^°TM^?iany deposit before 11 o'clockMajorpaid fordutygreatly wondered. The next looked up a Uttle, and Taarusstreets are swept m the night by are street-sweepers, (a great part of whom"^IsM •tanFafcart.tiiaapaased bat the kttdid Mt; M«»-Toik Central wentor after 1The carting is done by contraetors, but in any caseofneglect they are heavily fined, and the rubbishis taken away by the administration at the con-daties of the faithfully, aad I positionacross thetemporary and rather tadi-clock in the morning the streets areway,otherwise; entertaming thistake the Bull "^f Tanras a few awiaikanaat thesamefignre. Well,tomakoaperfectly clean. As regards the rabbish carrieddoctrine.In conclusirm,I wouldIcome to you. If you2^^^^'m^ cfthamatterivedeterminedtodeposited in the street, it isally and io did 7<w conaapondent and coadju-with water aa Vew-Tork, aithongh new workfeHlghiirlest fiaixa then owTsd that hs bs ekoasKtime, to allowthe heansUp of the Church, however, came slowlybut theMajorPro RataU yon do not agree to resalveme, say so freslT.I do not care 10 say awn. I have simply te add that I hope the spirit which prompts my cModag willaadiny4dMlafla«kathaHaving been, through a course of pretty severeperday,fromtheriverSommeSonde,aconaidara- SaRBthenintornaceeptedtbepa«t{theChvok.maspranta, I wlah towho haveIn'o Ue CborchHewasthenordained the handa. by UytBg on ofTHE AP0STLI8.of greaterpub- Si -.-.*••. "^' Oeorae and Jehn A. out their influence on.m'ni *^ pannanent Invaatment. A maidenmtaMtti BC to inT«at in a fond that waa then Douse,the pnbllc ofJMtefcent,Brench Mint, which tbe 'Sanst. WtabUalMd far the of all FAXI8 AND ITS GOTESNIHENT.was as ordainedCaUfartk^lillitn^at theOpera,about the same time that Gen.Sspi-comes of a notofmeorof Our Winter has broken, and farmers and gardenerepower m3nelf, but only by are busy on the Ughest lands them for the rewards in each individual case, if derived fromit be said that he SABBt wss appointed Minister of tha Interior. M. mightthatpowerwhichIs ahoveall—the preparingpower wUcb has seed. The characteristics of the past Winter have the legitimate use of a bona fid* and aIn hisnever run for Hayor, that he never had a place inbrought me here. God works in a way and by meansCapital Deposits, at the giring ratea.Bnndays.the Custom-house, and that none of hisBoiTBLLK is aknown to himself, and for us It is not to discern his ways except by the revelation wUch he gives thereof.impreasnot 1 wish to impressprofnseiy than here Begardiog.sewers in Paris, they are easily keptwashed into themby ananiiDoas vote.community generallyin Wall-atreet stands about the same chance thatby the rain, on account of the"»">-»«» *»«-»"-ta" of U«wUch they constrned unfavorably. There was some eagerness to sell on the first call of Stocksyou goBonds are dull of sale at ^laNlMll -Ife underatand tbat m poiltn tfOm't^ttH-will Uke a long time to recover yourself. youOliver P. Dunham, Lrman HewliWin H.•TheZeaoaDwight Webster, and G. /acksoiukM been the cliief botiDesa of myThat ifearlr age. Having rolled np the nneleoi for legislative bil^wot9tttBOdedaad idling poplar whiatle* to, the amaller tkanai^iboihaad, I began to look- around for sproducts are utilized in the manufacture of ammo-Whltoom,l,fromthereafter a hennery was in full blast. This ope- on the character of the people that the capital of which is four feet in diameter. The bottom of thetomund at an aTerage priceVeryration paid pretty well until my mother, one morn- the first nation in the world for industry and sewer contains a canal of about six feet in width,sayreturningEurepe,its sides, two lines of cast-iron water-pipes, one ofThe country adjacent to this city ia not over, stocked irlth tlaiber, either to convert Into lumber orcient city government can be obtained. Paris is governed by the Prefet of the Seine and by the Prefet de Police, both of whom are named by the Emperor. The present Prefet, the Baron Haiisseting It are all the time increasing, It will be readily firmer. The..•aHjRti» Htg^jy Iw^BTS We ODderstand the UetiopoIitM Baakr #IB;of new streets, the paving, cleaning and keepingare several veins of Within a few dayscoaLthe existence of a vein ofthewhose managers, with the present ability to—finances of the city all public works, the openingadverted to as belnit the and as gnat evil,loans at theand by abating their own terms have successfully competed with private lendera to the extent, in thecree, the Department of the Surete Oenerale, whichformerlybelongedtotheMinisterofthehss been transferred to his department. Thus he is at the head of all the police in France, and the effi- ciency of this change has already been felt sensi-metbefore. Therewasmuchanxiety,onthepartof both priests and faithful, manifested. There waa a fear that they might experience sow, thatprocuring a sufficiency of fuel for the future, aad more economically than the wood-getting system was promismg to be, or Indeed has been for some time past.The Chinese sugar-cane Is growing into favor in tills Teiritory. Very good crops were raised lastshould hold their terms for Money so far above thamarket as- to throw the business of at 5'36 lending^Passengers Freight MlscellaneooaTotal Gain•64,1K g4«0,e4»78 miSJOS 81 tieo,}!! SI4thia bminess had to be carried on in partnership bly. It is almost impossible at present for a crimewith flie p<dice, and the division rendered the to be committed ia France without detection. Of as follows :The Mareh statement of tbe JSOmiia ^SiflMtha had a andaxheiacrified conscientiousbled all of bade adieu to promptings pride,from time to a time,the command Lord, that God tries south oftUs city, made a fair specimen ofangar by trol of the market is not within theprofit!large &unilysupport,and vrlll continua to in the be,Us people with sore afflictions.He has tried us, but the day of our dellveranee isanall ;to scruples,see,or con-province of the leading Banks of the Street, who are soBotmdIy rated for leading their meana, and it ia arespec tabSty, and thenceforth wrote himself. Brokerat band.I come toIt la true that mj friend haa some weak points of ckaractar. He reads the personal advertisements; believes that BcNtmr is the Gjjnmtas, thethe but Government,consequently, the tagar-eanefor free trade in; in other words, that this business, divestedin the Heraldest living politiciao ; greatest livingbypolice. wasM.butthishasmovedmenowtocometake upoii myself the position that I feel that X amaroundSaltfrosty region Lake. Whether or notcoorae it se^ms hard tohum- batch of respectable citizens, side by side withreal criminals, going off to Cayenne, for no other crime than that of having advocated opposition toI will say to yon, brethren, as I aretimetlscsthewUtemansettledInUtah. Mr.I.T.great-up here position onlyone who conductsself properly, and does not meddle with politics,matlar to the tropicalcertain to momre, greatwill never be troubledthe Police,andaugar can be made by merely boUIng the juice of thecharm or signifi-thepresentPrefet dePrefetnothingtoabout to assume. I shall assume thatat the bidding of the Lord God, tor I do not propose tolikeAcres sold slnee Jaa. 1, 1860Acres sold prevloTisly, (net sales)Totalanyhim- Boitille,;baakiagthat theftct isfineappearance, but rather theatrical in his manners.looking man,; therefore, oa the whole He Is the beau ideal of a French fiinctionary.bestally extinguishedvirons of thelieve that my father vras aman could haveI promulgatedaad no each odious doetrines." Capt.the Hidden Mysteries of New-Gohiea.''authoritsesspeakof better rates and averyimposingThe Prefet de Police hastration of the markets, bakers' and butchers' estab-lishments, the price of bread, the falsification ofcent, on the5^®6i same class ofand. There is also the Garde deAll of these things have I considered, and theescaped.Yesterday week a man named Ooavia was killed incity,—good man,goodMajor's.some truths upon thosebledistancefromthewateriausedthere livenover Us There^ifasmorethanthensaaldisafMofthe expediency of which is urgedhiopaffewand thiscent. Panamaas the distance to the wood and the dUBculty of get- salea, 133 ^ cent. United States Fives were 1659-eo;and, laatly, that tion with the as to the sewers, being injuriouslic health. The contents are taken away period-but All these this expense is inconsiderable.Office 80P Ain the en- where water was difficult of ac-^tocksMr. SATTSRTBWAin andwith which buildings are constructed.lice regulations bo house io awith me.pliUosophera, from GaxzLXT down, advocated the pens throngh the fault of the architect, he is liable judgment In relation to the truth of the revelation of Goo or the tiuth in the Church. The course X deter-bill, so that its ultimate was certain. to pass a few months or years in prison, to com- mined to sue was. to do " adoption puiright.Now," said the Major, "just sell Old Taurus a plete his education. I come then to you free from any taint of sectarian-operations are under the immediate direction of2 000doalready iloored. To commemorate thisover his rival, the Major invited me totha sam« time borrowing a quarter. After drink- the charge of a single cantonier, who is sup- powervictory drink, atwill be ascribed to me. I should not have the of» City Bank. .TTTT. . .126 10 Ocean Bank Wi MHankofN. Amer..lMformerlyffane grown in tUs valley la uncertain, the experi-cance, is, trammeled toalties of•,27TAlfe»placeandI be-ofwell-sustained line ofThe price of money to-day is, as last week,Interior,liquida and alimentary substances of all kinds, om-, error and blessed with great blessing.In assumtng the position 1 am now about to offerprevlonalyTotal bonds canceled upkaown, Trinity Church stands at its head. It isBujiposed that this iact first gave rise to the nibuses, carta, backnev coaches. Fillet loumises myself for, I am well aware that all sorts ofThe extreme cold, the hard frosts, thetracted fogs, or some more mysterious thing, has near- ImDroper ly destroyed the vitaUty of our fruit trees. The outer"iiirtlMr from God." The Church was originallyChurch is useful to tlie brokers veryand many other attributes too numerous to men. and motives will be ascribed unworthyThe was -following( >celebrated proverb,Tl>e nearer the church, theto me. It will be asserted that it Is tne work of selfishness, the de- sire of name, honor or fortune; but I do not to1 wenthorticuiturists, and he with me, cutting the trees to show me how far they were affected. He hesaysshall have no fruit this and little more season, veryoffice of the Assistant TreasurerreceiptsTotal cash and bonds received to Harcb'1.1660Receipts from passengersHis are powerstion.that there can be no collision between him andso the the city the number of the Sergensde ville (policemen)very minutelydown,MlaidofParis, composedonly as I to me.RecelptsfromReceipts from mails Receipts from rent of roadenlargementthan the rtwts of of his trees are allva. anyfreightthe street can ex-God. £ur this siep has not been of my own dicta-ing we coDBted up tlie profits and found tliat ttiey plied with a broom, a shovel, and a tion. The spirit ba« moved me to It, and all X ask is, 10 Hanover Bank 87aaeanted to a fisrtmie ; being prospective mil- wheelbarrow, and his duty is to keep the roadway that my shortcomings be dealt with in mercy,I believe that a man owes duUca to the lalioitaidinadand—ies we wem down to Selmonico'sand sidewalks of his section clean in all weather,country wblcb be lives—ibat he li amfnable to the laws of hisand watered infor which lastland, and that he is liable to have thatBypo.MONETARY AFFAIRB.Seles at tbe Stock Bxchaace—A?aiL 10,a privilege not to be granted even in this land of per officers : thus nothing unsafe or imprudent is and many writings, but these I have avoided the t.OCO His. 8. e'a. . . .si<0 i>2ii reading of fur fear that ibey should influence me to 9.(ep do 83 liberty, and, in addition to all this, the Tribune allowed to pass. Moreover, if any accident hap- some wrong action, or that I stiould be biased in ray 10 000 do b30 83330,.000 Cal dSotate I.s, ..s.i.;o«2!< 89)t 2000 do 89)4 3,000 do 8«»i 1 000 Brook C.W. L'n. IOt»ifew thousand shares of New-York Central at 70. The subject of street-cleaning would no doubt ism, 1 am unbiased, and have no selfish end to 4.0IOErteRlBtH. Bs 101k serve, although 1 have come in contact with men 2,00OE.k.2dH.Bs.Ex. 94 sell short, you know, and wken thia Pro Rata interest an inhabitant of New-York. The cleaning thai have advised me to taSe this course, as one 2,00eS.R.3dH.llB.'t3. 84bill is carried you can buy in at 60— of streets and sewers is one of the attributions of which would build up for me a great name. It has 5,(00 do sfOSlli so you see 7" been said to me, that a Mormon elder, though 3 COO Irie R. 6th m bs 49 Of course I saw ; any fool could see ; the vfhole the Prefet de la Seme. The street-sweepers and but a strloling. possessed a greater power tban any 1.000 do £0wooldpassthe State though per-litted BailroadChurchmutterabhorrence,tomuchwasthisso. So repulsive was the very Idea, that It did not seem to me that I could take the position wUoh fahertremely uniform. The plans are inspected, and thethan to regulate their own freight tariff was building is inspected during construction by pro- upon me. 1 received many works upon that subject 2,000 Georgia S. 6'8. . . 103IThe Jfountsoucr wants to know if some body cannot quiry. The latest quotations are as follows ":believe Intheunltyofthe church and in truth andyoa; there's a pile of money to be made and no risk think none of any great importaace since the burn- honesty, and all these I find la the Bible, and in " the lecture on Common Things," and suggests the IdeaAmsricaa Bailnys, ao.Olsslag" of lectures on subjects which will come vvithla the ran ; yon are just the man. Thereupon I intimated ing of the manutention on the Quai de Billy. Wood Book of Mormon," and In the Book of Doctrine and sphere of the every-day life of the people.ba aaid, was to goingamong1 cannot find such doctrines as an" '.get ;RmtA Vm liad passed the House and would cer-each. Always Happy countryextra ladies"at these Mormon balls.is used in the buildings nearly if not quite as muchCovenants,"wUchlatterbooksarebatauxiliaries to the first.A grand ball, probably the last of the kind for the resent season, came off last night, In the Social Hallthat, if a pile of money was to be made and no riskraa, liieat just the man. The Major then pro-ceeded to develop his idea. New-York Central, rarity of fires consist in the good instruction and meeting, that the voice of those with whom I have graphical Society," and 1 suppose must have been aas inownand I think thean awful twist the Pro organization of the body of firemen, and the care conversed tUsNew-Yerk,only reasons for theNow,mypeculiar notions ia regard to people is, that tiiey concurI£ tUsby the " Deseret20Fenn. Coal Cothe Pro Rata bill had pose he is furnished with a pair of large copper upon Um by tliose laws, and I say that Mormons caa 375 Pacific Hail 8. C0..X12watering pots, with which, after a little practice,passed two Houses inatead of one, and incidentally he will sprinkle the street nearly as fast as a wat- ple of spy sect. 1 have always resided among themaeting Old Taurua, proposed to compromise for enng-cari. pcopls'ol Hancock County, wbo are atroag Aatl-Hor-the round sum of replied, "not if heThemor-s, and 1 have never known that I bad an enemy.watering-carts are larger than those of New- X have been engaged with Antl-Mormoostion to permitally, whereat we Bonmg the st«:k wUwd at me from ariithu buoyancy waamore ob.curenecessary,sot to give offence by remarLs of my own, bu also tosmolherny own feeilags wben I have heard tbe re-$35,500 60; Taurus, however, know'd it," evincing a disposi- miscellaneous things to rip gener-I have space mingled with them, and never have made an enemy, sixteen feet in width. The smaller and although 1 have ofien found it not onlyI ork, and are so as to 01 about arranged;gangs 01oerman women,) and the rubblish cartedBiarkawhich others made. I holdao feelings of en-so that at 7 ooff;mity toward any man hvlsg who has tUs foughtout of houses andforbidden, under penalty of fine on the owner ofsayreceive me, 1 will give my ability, tbe Inlnenee ofthe to make houae,mygreatname,maygivein theevenhig,o'clock in themorning.pledge myself to promolgate no doctrloe that shall not bo approved.up peTM, tractor's expense. Paris la not as well supplied also prompt my leoepUosLsprinkleaitswayshave been thewaysIn the paths offor the much moreIeJo charge bythe President of theshownunder a trial of ita strength by the Bear aceoontcity ; still,public service, in the streeU and foontahis, CoBfcreDee, GoaiaT, antfhU mother was lecehad elaaticityThe vaultsbuilt in cement masonry, so aa to be imperviousand also in Pacific Mail.fore the adjournment the character ol the buyerathat pose, and at the expense of the owner of thesent were 8. J.nunofStope andElders, Israel L.ically by private enterprises organized forpur-Daythe solid, and the liquid is allowed to flow into the tbeie dfnomtsale tatm, time will tell.SaintsThe Marketa—Flra Department—Srreau a porous partition, which separates the liquid from and Us "false prophets" and "fallen saints," as momhig.sewer after having been disinfected by throwing thing some into it a kind of powder, which has been patentednp to-morrow.M. extended to nearly the entire Sliareand alao After the official liat of prmted, New-York Central was done at tke fruit of the hennery at a standing price of prised to see the small amount of improvement in visit tjiem, and are ventilated by earthen-ware Coal la Utah—DWealtr la Getttas Wood— 78J buyer 30 days, and 78J cash, closing at theseI embarked in this enterprise theinresiding returning4wtW,)>imi,^^M«' laadily, aa that estimable lady agreedfor thatnie sewers are large enough totopurpose, theJ. Golduaith OrderA. J.TlIton R. 8. WadefJ«}f.Siak«_>«-sakOo.. ^^^1 have l>een years back, and onParis forhere liave been sur-to Missouri six salea was^cents..^aka.fftaan cents per dozen, and I had ascertained by the City Government during my absence. The tubes conducting to the tops of the houses. Some Aecldenta—Ciapa—Rabberies, &e.figures ; Pacific MmI at 102|, Missouri sUes at 83® 83J,andNew-YorkandErieISJ,closing13i®i JB.Psvensiockpaaooal inquiry among the stores of the Ticinity City has enlarged, and many fine buildings have of the sewers are inmiense^ GaaAT Salt Laxa Cm, Friday, March Id, IBM. '^ cent., the highest figure paid for eight or ten monthsthat they could supply me with eggs the year been erected, but I must say, as every American Boulevard de Sebastopol is 15 feet wide by aboutIJS «S iM (pieman k Co. «ljni»of the workmen to permit passage employedas much in and contains, attached to one of height,Somefrom London in thew. 8ellnan ft Co. W.Teach side of which are sidewalksto use for fuel.When tba Mormons first settled thiswere i®I ^cent, leasthanOrder yesterday OrderfromParis. Thesesewersareallbuiltof rubble-stone and Boman cement mortar.receiptsNew-YoikH^Hac.to take in the Mormonhimself the upon placeof his fatherto sponthe welfare ol the peo- as a matter of extremeproposalabsolutely necessaryShares, and for Missouri Stock andThe Bank return of y|8terday prodaced leas' nois, ovsrdne since 1st inat. Tba AUtm Awisrcepfed.The Mormon Ck>nference assembled at this place attliatMMnw'deobtfnl if any of them ever consulted the clock of picked soldiers, foot as well as mounted, who a moment could 1 besltsfte as to my duty and my Parley's Canon, ,a few nslies southeast of this fclty, the Kxperts, (exclusive of from New-on the interior, for in religious matters it is theirwont to "sell short," calculating to "buy in" at aome iutore time. It is in Wall-street that thoseare intended for the services of theatres aadballs,course. There is ao selfish reason for my the position In which my father stood.by a snow-slide or avalanche, which shot down the Specie,)assuming mountain side for the distance of a mile, with a roar- York to Foreign Ports for the week and sinceorder onThe corps of the Sapeurs Pompiers (firemen) ispreservingpublic occasions,&c.Neither would I come to you without some guar- ingnoise like thunder. Ooilvii wason the side ofJaiL 1:a military body, and its chief is respensible to theabound. The General-in-ebief of the city. The members are Neither would J come tochosen from the regiments of chasseurs and of the line, and their time of service, pay and disciplinethat to meabhorrencemutt abhor. My desire Is to come to yon teachingpast Wmtar. to a sonwound In the the grqin, severingwherewheretliia locality is very apt to return shora, aa many enter the corps, and it is astonishing to see the even as I am Siaxao,—Iambs they love to gambol; but the analogypartscityTo tUs I have end,lifecanIt be well to mayin this heads theacquired a sufficient of him to be knowledgeenced by Us opinions, so much deplored now.of cattle from the range about fifteen miles south-west of this The wore discovered at city. gentlemenLeUgh, filing off the brands from tbe horns of the cat-Ue, preparatory to rebrandlng them them with aview to the market at Camp It Is need- supply Floyd.Halifax dispatch. < The rate of Money in London^on this side authorized ns totestify. eonnaction,mention,Influ-my&iend UrsaSpeaking about fires, it would be well to remark that for one fire in Paris there are at leastthatBean, Old Taurus leads the Bulls.Major1 hold In entire of the doctrineson fire.continued at 4andare on service.:Iglon and^orallty. kcot myseli'imblased by all offers of gain wUeh have been made to ae, to goes no further, and he who comes shearing ia cal and practical instruction from the time they induce me to take a step like this. Never did I con-Yard. In one respect, these animals resemblethey sleep, theypostsin allof the receive theoreti-morning,) don supplied atTheyagility and skill with which they attack a buildingthroughThe and diedI08i®108i,and on ParisWell, one day last Winter, I strolled mto WaU. ten in New-Tork, and the fires in Paris are gener- have been told that my father promulgated these sameless to aod that arrest followed the discovery.Oar learned leetnres cbntinae in the Tabemaele. crop" "atieet, and happened into the Major's office.before much Some extensive fires have takendamage is done.doctrines—the doctrines of Yooao, 'This I never did believe, and I never can beilere it, for the doetrineiexpect Inantee that I should be receivedthat the power with-the mountain getting wood. His body had not yet185*.$1,369,846 $l,353,oe» tl,5»6,6«in me would to receive prompt yonelsethe them down into the bed of the Forlheweek^I8»8.(16,368,945 •l«,305,05i $22,4)7,288 Exchange for the Ara/ha's it might very appropriately be termed the Stock are the same as in the army. They have barracks such doctrines as all must feel to be, and accept as years old, was endeavoring to get a runaway hog mail, (which closes as early as 9^ o'clock to-mor-norwithdoctrines wUchtheheld in A remarkable accident ocrciuTed LordGod.wasthedoctrinesofrtfsavageupon rowmoderate and on Lon' to-day,verse with J. J. for I was abut a boynow. In his dayI hadnotpreached and abhomncemanypromulgated by BaiOBAa Yomco. II haverevelation, and I am happy to say. In the face of thiscantoniers are employed permanently, and their man, and it was told me ttiat this power arose from U.OOOU. C. R-e^c. 1stOing was plain as aMajor, and gave him my tand—we•lat* jointly, (I fumiahiag the money,) and floor employees called Inspecteurs de Balayage. The had no Idea of being made use of by some talented, 1,500 doSoconsidered Old Taurus aapike-staff.I thanked the agreed to op-the depth of feeling in the breast of the saint ; but with so sacred a senUment I did not wlsn to trlOe. Imt. sk. fd. en. bs. 93 500 lU. Cea. R. bds. . 88i<and what Uttle power thatand I trust by year prayers of'ffaali""t^h to discharge the;ISM. Caiion. Osu-via Is the second person killed in this Previously reported. 15,099,099 14,940,968 20,846,594;theoneunderthe eamipiiflmnoftk$Ntm-YorkTimM.Henry Williams. Wm. Mejering, remarked that ahe didn't sea how I could progress should be so deprived ot comfort and pro-manage to [dhunallj auperinduce four dozen of tection. I am sware, as are most New-Yorkers, towing-paths. On the bordenof this canal are Valley, tree* grew in the caiions down to their very morning, for the third mortgage, the rapid rise Kppipger * Coaggaone of the hena a rooster, at that. It was in vain known, why cannot public opinion force justice tathat J apoke of the newly-invented "Hen-per- be done 1 However, I do not intend writing a po- that of the Boulevard MaUtherbes, have also five miles fiom this city, not on good level roada, bntup 60 days, at 82J cent. while the lounh mort-which serve totheyoff obstructions*whenever^g,(KIOa H.E.OrilBn&Co... aeooi.carryoccur. The sewer of theteamshavetogo84cent,and ^believe,correspondingbuoyantboyin hisday,A few (Tays ago a couple of tUeves drove off a herd ular mail, are, if anything, more cheerful than theproposeI do not ac-Receipts Payments Balance.,«I42,N0 247,637Untitled DocumentMaclBtoata were selected to likeprices,filsoop.Thus we have a sewRogersorgsnlxaUon of the Later-^•ence of a bullionfiud at tha 8«iiKviJb^1fixed rails, on which are mounted small cars mouths, butiram but one-fooith that number of hens, and of the caueea of this remissness, but they once now, by consumption, bringing lots, which were taken at K. Header & Adams. 1Rue de Rivoli, andtwenty-cash,daythroughthenurseryof one of ourprincipal:•^ Rareyand, soon after, on the Street, the recovery was quite equal to the whole decline on New-York Central, (almost the only speculative Stock dealt in between tha Boards,) the price advancing to 78 asopposed to the77j77^^ The same firmnesa was fol-Peach, plum, apricot and apple have all suffereo, especially the peach. The currant trees aeem wholly to haveThe receipts include $76,000 for customs. Payments include $70,000 for California Drafts.Receiptsfrom other sources:the sUndard mint 6«B fineneea,1offi'ce~,>'b"u"t b">e"h"w« a"b^- was ordained as President of tbe Quo-The establishment is one which MtA convenience to pt^yHVsot now ordained.-against taken to depose Yooae tariy thisat the close and yesterday,the continual adistanceoffromtwelvetoigslcBs —saftOobeen found. The snow-slide tore up great trees by - ..baok to the when the pen,aUmal turned idm, attacked him, and inflicted with Its tusk a smallran about fifteen and then fell -rods,instantly.down,f5.17i. The accounts by the Niagara, by the reg-On the evening of the 0th but. Prof. Paans' subject"was Hydiaulics,"andlastnight Gdsobtiated onAmericanotW fair in-It was'fine affair. Tickets 95 per couple, extra ladles $1city.got upTypo-88Jtg»Q bCO 2120!i23 CiBtlnental Bank 100 .J?»Pi"jJ-*"'»ric»-- 109!4 M"el.*HQd.Can.Co. f7!iartery.boyf5.18f3heavy, pro-to March 31, I860expa-thebaaed on tbe Bank return ofpast.ordere are understood to have come out Niagara't mail, received frommormng. Tbe Bonds of the Company H. Cohn&Co..Boston this40 3S J 9S,aeoloOO 30,MS ;,600inducing mnglesale,sellST Ho<riaad*aviB«aa W. 8. Bnllard 17 Oreer^rough be scaled, sometimes by the men on all fours, and the 93 ex dividend, and for Illinois Central Construc- lemwood to be "snaked," that la, dragged, from a qnar tion Bonds, at 88^^ ex dividend. Among the were as follows ter of a mile to two miles, In handles fastened to. Western shares, there was a pressure to sell Gale- ieS9 getherbyalog-chain,downthesteepmountainaides, naonthecontinuedindifferentreceipuoffheline 186«Pargolirailways, by which underground communication steep> caiions, to get wood for fuel, and even then gage rose to 61KerbTo;t,alBimefc Oo.to the caiian bed, where tbe wagons are loaded. Thegeneral time occupied in getting and fetching a loadofwood from the caiions to tUs city Is, for a horseImpartaat HeTemeat la the Kanaoa Caap— and team, one and a half days, and for an ox team ledo to 26^. In Illinois Central Scrip no importantadvanced in the afternoon to NewOrgaalzatlaanaderJaeSmith, threedays—aloadforasingleteamusuallybeingabout salesweremade. TheLondonquotationscome1Jr<, as Prophet, to Oppose the UomoB OhuTch la Utah.Corretpoitdenee of the NewTcrk Tinut.AaasT, ni., Friday, April 6, ISM.Young Joe Biiith has at length acceded to thethree-quarters of a cord. Those who get their own ®li V63J ip cent., and To- cent, better, but are not yet quite up to^daysearlierthisyearthanlaat- Thenetleeel grtsomeWhiter the Legislature made an appropriation for the upon the policy of the Bank movement, we purpose of opening a road to the same. IntUsbed take it that the subject is withinRiver,jion, and fifty mUes south of tUs City, has been madeand acommence operations without delaywas on hand, of course, occupying for tha nonce a having beea found In Emigration CaRon, and at the state of the Foreign Exchanges and the assurancesseat In the foot of the "little mountain," about twelve miles which the last mail brings us, of continued peace synagogue, in the midst of more highmeat of ine July interest on OeTanal —evidence of theIn the afternoon, It being understood that youngpnbllc,isof the Saints.SuTB would be Installed, quite a nnmber from thethebeingcompany has been orgaUzed wUeh Ittemporarygoing rates on the Street,good past,rejoice at this action of the Cooaett. understand that JJfm iats nt stands ready to pay her honest CouBcll thought itself joatlllod la terest for a time—we did notthem that their present action wfll commendatioB from every ooeiAs'~bituminousrostrum and delivered himself of bis offer as prophet season, and, aa a consequence, molasses has been stead of ten or fifteen concerns in the City, aa much more abundant the past Winter than at any of old, to say nothing of the presence of immenseCompany is aa follows : Acres eoastmction landssoldAcres Interest fands landssoldAcres free hUids sold.... ...Total sales during Oe mooth'. ..l,87«.Ute WUi><*hope yousow, of private money capital, WiLus, Toquervllle, some three hundred milessimplyboUlngdownthe expressedjuiceofthecane. But Toquervllle is situated on the south side of the Sim of the Basin," and enjoys a climate approxl-II»J*fsrMtwI.4MMyon not of myself, but at the bidding of agreater and a mightier than 1—even the Holy Spirit there nontishes far and Is a deal more happy days,sn.griipr. To which add town lot salsaFor some time past I have been receiving manifesta- tions through the Holy Spirit of the will of God, andripen, than the colder and more wintrysoofits ancientandfactitiousall other branchea, left tm-Total of all..our prices last sales ;byStock Marketto.day,out a few small K. Headerosnt. The Wheat market shows decided improvement, and Cotton more ateadineas than the recently received accounts of the large;Keadvrllfe Co 15,000 Wells, Oo.list,RailwayBonds.theinterest on the City Bonds of lOir Alt^But be-amongto-day's business at the Total In M"rch, IStSFrancis BurrlttfcJ-Branas, Bio. fc Co. 47.4SS ..The netCo. lOJMOof theBailroad Compaay for tbe mcmth tfBonds. The vote on each qnesttoB tkmt'H878..iidUItt Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 