TMT'•?p^»« n-®ime^.VCTOL. IX—NO*THEPRESJDENTIAl BEV OBUCAIV ISASSW§iftkJUNE NEW-YOBK, FRroAY, 8, 1860.PETCE TWO CRNTW. ^-Hb JbBiittiMor Lincoln Bttified.and HamlinAnd, gentlemen, there was but little qoflstionlng and but little feeling as to who tbe nominee should be, nnlil this first question was determined. Whether itWecan do the won. Itlegs." Aa>, tbe glant-kllier."i i£. A. Mann. ^ing sir of Ganyowen." They were enthusiasti- thoughnot tei1852 that thewm* 9rteAu bj B. W, Blat«hford, WflHam M. Kvarts,Jodfe TMoy of Galifcraia, Hr. Buaoh of lo wa,^m auaOM imHtrtI^.Cartu, Bod. Horaee Greeleyand Wia> Hi Vrjtfaiher,capital placeNow,ltseemsiomeMr. DocoLAB at iBaltlmor*. maygatadaa •• balcooy, kept the attention of thoie wbo had gatkeied oaMde ontil tbe doors were opened. At7Ha>c)ack tiie haU wa* two-thlida fall, and at 8 o'clock, when tbe InaUe meetlsg was organised, tbe hall con- tatoed aa manj men as could be accommodated with altttag or standing rtwrn. Tbe platform was filled oj Itofe wbo were named to address tile meeting, br aeaae of tiio*e who were named to act as officers, and hr a nimber of geDtlemen well known to tne ReputK Itnmt of tbe city. Tiie rear of tbe platform was deeintted wttb American flags, and a number offtaacMiencies, en which were snch Insorlptiona as^TanAn—giTCUmroomtostretch." " teat J. B.—let htm rest"Lot to blame (or been bom having"liCag, lank, lean Aaa."John B. Bull. 11- GeorgeSparrow,OnionCampaign Club.....„OF CiTr Niw-YoiK:- on its last •• Tunman;Wm.jB.Kapp.Association, a band the enliven- "precededby playingabd'stimewosildeome. AbbLucou'selectionand"^azaesB decllnea mnnlag." "An the war from nitatols." -LeagAas.^ "HoatttAax."Aad aaoT others of like import. And soon after"g; ^^•<—Whig Party had Indorsed the Furitlv Slave law, and he bad been driven to the Demo- still preserved the lead, yet the acquisition to Mr. Lin- count. I see beyond that a determlnatioa in the cratic Party. His first vote wa* lor PniOB. Heby tens ol thoosands for LracoLS.[Great !.,_orgaBlxatlonunanimously adopted-:The Republicans of the City of New-Tork, in massFiuow-RarDsucAaB:Ishould be alike insensible and obccuritv. he has by hia own effirts raised tumself more with more beloved,powerin It toconjure upassemblyas ttiis has never metanywhererecognizeand a bold that there was nothing party—ean meet, and that we canip720.*--. "-^r»- «..^'STm. Wood,Fred, acbwedler, Tboa. B. StlUman, Bliam Barney. Chaa. A. Stetton, RsbertS. eonld. John A C. 6rsy, John Kress, DanielDraw,le. c. BtatdSct. Wm. V. Murphy, Isaac J. Oliver, S.N.PbalM, JoUgs Brul,8.Wm.Adami,Jobs Paine,S.Wst.O BassalU 9efaiu0.Mealum, JohnA. P. Dew,Chailea B. Tood, UortteaiL.)tanh, fieorge Haaebot, Biaelatr Tousey, Oharlca SMbarr, Jthaf. Cussaises, James K. andrewa, Abraham T. Biker, Thooas H. Smtch, BennV. Martin,'Alez.^oLeod, Peter Coutasli, P Wigbl, Edw.P. Breed, Lemnel Palmer.Ib and uwmd Cooper Inatlrate lasterenljig.Dearly an hour before tbe tine for organlzliig theBeeUag In tte main hall, a cannon, placed In front•f Ike laatHute, and an ezeeUent band of nuuidans 3.. John Sblpton,public andllcn, tirved by the different delegates, urged by all themen e,t influ«nce,and urged by allthe influences that ev-eij hontst man feltatUberty to exert, was whether theP'.>rty was large enough, was comprehensive enough,strong enough, secure ecoigh, to put its fortunes inIhe prominent canrlidate and the famous leader thathadcarriedthemthroughmanyfights.[Loudcheers.] Si>ebaetdonaBghtlyorcarelessl;-thatomrvietorylatooome of. And as Ihtos wouldB, F. BnM, e«D. Rye, 6. W. ....Detsmater,to hiato twitch."resentative •'of the West, for it waa the home of hon-offleetowhiekkakfe^beenoomtaiaiML TiMj west wUgo for him <a moMs. TlM>« wUlJIIbn there win tea e.„< ,~, 0«bb»b BcaaiattoBs aad Saacx ItmwAum.'---.iIn Nap<SBsV'.i^ m call to meet and ratifj the aaa^BKtkai of Lnooui and ILtMUB for tbe oSce of rimtdant and Vlee-Freiideiit of the United Stataa, «i oeMitafly tefie nomber of RtpuUioani coBgra-prepare taem for the tbe list. [CheeiaJ TucD, indeed, was noticeable If Richmond do** come in the Sooth yields every tbe Uttle Giant would be sick ol It before next Win-DOOOIA*.At thi* *tage ef the procecdiaci the sieaku srisaCAMPAIGNJ IVEETINO.A. Oak»"-"i?^"^^J''*'">'«''>'>"«ohe,and aa disciples of the teue fatUi, we follow " Hooeat Ole Ana" Uttlament,close, let me say to you:haveaane nodlaeredlt to tk*tbe Ninth Ward Republican Assocl-breast ofeverywhole duty because we talk to youplause.] Tie Democraiic Party could not lower goment hardife..no'.es. If the revenue wai notConvention represented both \ae Free and the Slave,test iapitted agilBtt MmIkeuToB antred, bearing athe Hapubllean General Committee Of Col. A. L.Chuijui, of Galena, BL, and a banner on which wasa Ukntss of AnuAH Loooui, In tbe act of spUttiDg arait. The entrance of tbe rail created great entbosi- while we preferred onr own atateaman, William H.Llaeoln Rail," presented tolutions,than the depth of the elecHon of ivlr. Bc- disgrace—anlBoiaiUAat—,.asm.At the time appointed, Mr. Jahxs Oitis went for-SawAKO, aa oar standard -bearer in the coming coatesc, webeartiiy and Lopefully accept. and hereby ratify tb? action of the Republican National Conventi3n la noiai-was plain that men's minds were concentratingLoudwould deny that—not oeciuse he den'ed his cjun-States, and worked for a the res'oratlon of our GowhichCoLvemioD CM not assemble for the boaatt' of any candidate but fOr tbe food of tbe eauie and In the interest of the ipeople. The Saa^ vward apon the platfoiv an^ nominated for President natlngfor Prealoent and Vice Preaident of tbe Uoited alytt meeting R. It. BuTCHroEs, Esq., and he was ftates, Bon. Abrahau Lincoln, of Illinois, and Bon.aMted nnanlmoosly. On taking the chair he spoke aafaOows:TBK PBISIDKIIT'S ADDRZS8.the hopes and the plans of your delegation, and the that he who runsparticular affections and preferences which were felt Party,In this State, and in otber States, for the nominatloa faring man, though he be a Know-Nothing, need nottrymen,freedom and truth in broken English ttaantoadvo- ate Slavery in the most fluent terms. ([Loud cheers.) spiECH or exoROK yrn. ccibtis.princlp'esi ei iiureut to actuated Its foundera. TVk--and ongratcfal, if I failed to appreciate and acknowl- from humble life to an eminence that may jastlr com-edge thadistlngaisbed honor conferred npon me by se-those prtnciples, and with more light and splendor to that p roud Damocratlc Party that once stood in this n long man with short worda. [Laughter and ap- LAB or wflhout him, they Hill be beaten. ) Applaaae.]metopresideon this occasionorerthis Im-ogthat has never been questicoM, with a recordprowessof- thebad no cause ofsecond choice of all. Some were for Hixai to%4l^lectingmense asaembir.liim at home, tbe place which I now occapy by your coaaptehenslve nationality that will guard orer andby Sincewayside,complaintand we may con-; itremindedhimof1840. SouUtanflua and, the wrath to coma. [Laughter and applause.] 1 tell and how could it look any other way but uo." would not daia revolt if LiBoeui waa cleeted ; If tbay also, that in eveiy State, if the-e was a vacancy to you, gentlemen, tiiia SanoeraUc Party sees the band- [Lauahtet.] Tbe man nominated at Chicago did Gen. Scott would be after tbem,'and would aa-,ani&ageto honor, and whose name and whose influence is atower of strength to any cause in which he lends bisefleris and his influence, and I am aolhoiiisd by himto say that those efforts, and his Influence, and illshearty concurrence, are here with us to-night. J ai- legislaiion. his great executive talent, his uniformly toda lo Moaas B. GaiNaau. [Cheers. ] FeUow-citi- dignified, modest and conciliatory course on all public sens: We have assembled often in this ball on im- questions, and bis dtvotion to freedom, are a suffi-of, and that we cility and Eecticnalism of tne present Auminiatratlon can ratify such a nomii-ee as has been presented to bave retarded the prrgreas cf the country, shorn laborthe first man that took amiapprovebe filled in ihe Senate, there was but one spirit, onewriting vpcai th« wall. There is an old man atcould not beor sold. Hehad honesty doubtedly hangagaiiA*"'" Government in the hands of those who will give Lnicoui as our standard-bearer—[great ap- vtrecg'b to the Btate, harmcny to the Union, and even-and who wastm gotact as perhaps better that Mr. Siwakd sbouid fill the chair of tbe Heenan and Sayre* fight tba tallcat nmn waaU|4^*«*" —hona*told A»aad SPEECH or onr. bte.and tw'ce three cheers for Lzhcolit, during banoed Justice taall.— noataatloBof Df honor, of danger and of duty in the Senate of the iiie ol a story a friend of mine a Deiaoerai la thisEAi>- AVoFia-DaTklkHMOattih.wUehthebandsimtkup HailtotlieChief,"] in:Resolved. That we pledge ourselves to each other, andvtctory,"the next speaker. He hadMr. asdbiws a( some but the abaaasa *p(Ae leegth.& Wyckcir, enawoUi,ll.D..to the you before, uponVmiia.1..J. Cllli Morrison.tained upon the thlro.Abbabau LrrtcoLH aadseventy;carried on his baek the evidenoee of hi* c apabillty. Be.to rhe victim*. SeveralJaeobbleffenbacher.Peter Bolm, 3. Ssm leeonte. JobnH OosU.i.Oervais Prince, Herrman Oelse.6. -£awaid H. Spooner, Thomas Ontwater..6. JiieesByaD,Ferris waring. 1..J. Bancrofi Stevens.Cbarles H. Ball. 8.. Isaac D. Garmo,the lO'i votes That he collected on the first ballot theywerearawn from II different States, showingagenerala party and pubUc preference and support to hloi, to be the country of free men. [Cheers ] It is not wanted to raise that which created civilization and mares. Lraooiv, hesaid, wasahlrtrptbfBenryN Morgan. «..F. J. Tucker,lot, alibough Gov. Sbwaid Btlll preserved his pre- ice agauat the South we mean lo;with the determinaUoa ofSswABS was hia idol for yean.would not declare tbat the party had but one mantobePrealdeiit. [Applause.] 'Theybadsthoojaod, beentoldtbattbeEastwsntedtokeepta^bMr.which « ere BESOLUTIOHS.meeting astembled, do hereby resolve, ss fwU'^wa:That,}of the second ballot, as 1 have said, though Sswasd tkls speakersTte people are determined to orertbrow tba i 'Rall-Bplitters' Club Bat- j eeymonr A. Buoce,talion I George F. Bopper.JoHK H. 'Wbiti, Esq,, then read the following reso-eveningon ac- personaldesiKnatedResolved, Ihat the name of Ba^vnibal Hamlin, ofit haa gose to thatrti^reUaine, is a at second for that (f abkabam Luicolx, of Illinois.; and in his spotless life and character, his aolidSo tbat liberty is sneered andm» eooaby,abilities,hislong public service,lo expected prop-occasions, but never on one so important and cient {luarantee of bia ample fitness to fill wiib banorportant inchntTolTlngWe Itave met betetofore to ratify State nominstions, pr inc iples laid down by the Chicago Convention aad Municipal nominations, but so vast anresults. the high position for which h<; bas bsen artininatci. Resolved That we approve and adopt the declaration of;and suchgreat truths inttaisCitytoratify,atanytimeprevious,licanGovernment,andtheonlybasisuponwhichtillsdeepinterestingand him out the what to liave your Constitu'ion ;but If not, we willurged that the Slavery qaesttni waa the giaat tin theprebensively enunciated, the foundation of onr Repub-Sineoii Draper, CharlesLamb,Looia Naaminn, Horatio M. Warren, Jamea Owens, 6eoBaggerty, Ohristiaa Sebwarz, Geo. Denifon, Thoa, Christy, wm.A DarllBC, Henry Beeny, Charles dntton, HenrySmith, Sextos L. Kapff, Obarlefl T. Rodgers, Pbtllp WaMen,Dan.T.Boac, Arthur Boy OS,Geo. J. Sregory, Bob.A.Ada]U. Cnmmiiigi B. TDcker, B. Vanene,Isaae Dayton, e«o.S. LOTlngs, Lewis Bsata, Daniel mioMD, Dennis MeOabe, Washington Smith, Yalantine Boon, BeaJ. Sherwood, John L- Haaaon. John Waehter, John GUllUn.pnrpoaes, and hope* to him, aad asBan. JaaaeapnthtU, Isaaa Bharman,fight. iChaers.] I hare hardly a word to say in ad-" Mow is the 4ar and new if the hour— See Ike eloKl* of battle lower,waer* BKiBWIUNIObfartily awiilait to the naaloatioa.o( Men eame to IWt Convention fnm aU comdiViriSthtfryntoneea,buttkaathai klaSECAITABIE8. Wards.12. .i>1ex. P. Ketcbum, Belnrich Frsnk. 13. Wm. A.Walker,David B. Uildersleere. M..Thomas G.Baker,August Knnkol. IB..Thnrbet Bailey,D W. Leeds. IS.. John Ssdgolok,ojtt^iMbtttBoratio >. 17.. John Lalor,fellow-feeling tbairWIa>him fill. tobut felt that it waB a sarn-ifice that had been made Inthe sense and the feeUng of duty, and yet that it wasa sacrifice which tbe party could recover from in listriumph, and that Sbwabd would feel for the countryand for the barty more than ever. iCheers.] Now, a Jeffersonian Damocrat, I wonder, Sjr, what thatting there Slaverythem, In tbe seat of John Jat and risinghis with fAmiliarlt^presentclaimingto be at laughed;everylittle Post-therein so and com- boldlyconsidetationa in the Republican Party a young, a would Ihat great apostle of Democracy say to theo] Ihe day, and that it sbouid be settled bow. Tb to him that the Deraoctatic Party was looking up, could be ro better time. He rejoiee> atin pertinentInrjuiryurged privateconversa-eanteatlyanaas that the electton iatowas to be Sxwabd or notand thiil depended, as I saidOnward, let as do or die! srncH or unrr.-«OT. BoacH, or mwa.";After three cheen for Iowa, andBafl Columbia"frieada.-theratrparuc UM..Jnogreatquestlrm. Ilie calculation, gentlemen of your Dale- any water. Hia son Lirr was wltn Um. ":J*iF«w«;,<whi'h fifty votes all from Pennsylvania to with us the question of the but of the against negro,life. HehadtiscaihimthaIpossessMr. Evabts continued Upon the close, gentlemen, ception that you have given to me and to the otherm of four years womid eduoate ibem to appreciate sorryas tbe conviction that A bbabah Liroolx could. [cimmcnmiy resd, closest iDvestiKatton and acrutity into the whole public of Gov. Sbwabd. And yet, gentlemen, we bring back err therein. [Laughter and cheers ]and the Gentlemen,BsMtlBAL Bahlin, of Msice.RtMotved, IhAi we can with confidence challenge theway-and private life of AsaAHAM LincoLK. Bom in poverty bis name to you from that Convention, more honored,how comes thla issue before the people ?Where isMr. GioBOB Wh. Ccxna was next introduced, and cratic Party was to be beaten, and the feeUnCi*af» said he had a watch, ahd Itnew that he must aovo'^ate l-eccmlng general that divided or united, wlUiDma^ j-of those who could not clalnn ^ get thHr recogUtaf*-mand the admiratioa of friend and foe. Wi'h ability thatno man can gainsay or deny, with a firmnesa and decision of character that nothing sway, with in-attract and to diffuse political than It ever had nation the woofer and admiration of the world, and plauce.) There seemed to be but one thing to All tbe candidates were treated fair, and the filnaiategrityfor freedom that bears no taint, and with a broad and-I..<-----Bat for an accident, which detainswould be fiilled by one whom we all dellgat pratect tbe whole Cnion, we will rally around him,Nestor of their and of their neArts. jucgmentsup everything.bim, and triamphantly elect him to the highaapport bave tOKltion the peoplesenproclaiming tbat wherever the American flag goesback to us the of the faihei* of the B«- policytbe Presidential chair, "will be an honor to our partyand an hocor to our cuuBtr\', ana who \vlll carry into and esteemed citizena on whom tbe honors of the oomi- and services of this Itepubllcan Partv to this coun- to ole—he was not at all afraid of death ^e had as ter than male a speecn at this late hour. He fully animadverted on the Bell and Everetttbe natioiiai capital and into the national Cabinet, a nstioo have fallen." Their electioa will restore the a'ern iniegrtty, and principles of honesty and upright- Government of the United States to its couatitutional ness, which will put to sbame the corruption wMch and ancient course. Let the watchword of the Repub-lican Party then be. Cnion and L.iberty Victory.try was u duty and a service that required principle, lief die as not, but he was ashamed to die. Well, iur'orsed the both at and" proceedings Ctiicago since.Aas so long usurped and abused tbe Presidential C3atraad the Cabli.et. [Applause.] FeUow citizens, letus then to-nlgbt reselve and determine that suc-cess shall attend our efforts. It requires nothingbut efforts and our strenuous exertions to Insure theaoecessofourcsndidates. Wecmenteronthatde-termination with every prospect of success, Tne ' Mr.great, harmonious Democratic Party [lauijhter] are and was received with enthusiastic and vocife-nowdouble " mill" at Baltimore and Richmond. [Laugh- or TBI Crtr or Nzw-YoRi1was lookinghardlyonly honorable,on nothing hut to differ. They are de-moralized—they are broken to pieces, probably neverto be reunited. Tbe late irrepresfible prize fight atCbarleston daughter] Is soon to be followed by the Mb. Cbaisvan ahs FxLLow-Crriz»s, RipcbucahsagreedWhen was ad-but, of course, party was in Northern bands—when North- been melted the of by genial raysthis stage of our progress, to Insure suc- but in an evil hour that ixiwer went from the North he would make another, and that was fulfilled, thatter and applause.) What may be the result ol those join with you in tbe congratulations of our partycess In the <:ampatgn, they sbouid nominate a mm — they upto the South, and from that day to this tbat party ha^ would break In a jollier row than ever.MORE TO BE GABRISOHXD 'BT ABISOSA TOI,- UKTKERS.Conventions we don't know, but we shall soon and of tbe country upon the nomination made atlikely to meet with tne popular vote in all the States. been growing less and less. [A voice "Beautifully When the stomachs of Deait Richuokd and Piriiit was t>ecaiise of the ^eponderaucd of feeling and less."] Northern Democracy has bowed down and Caoobb became nauseated, the dose must be bitter in-judgment in that Convention of 446 delegates from mssed tiie very footstool ot the slave power ; and deed— for, in the ordinary course of digestion, theytwenty-four States of thu Union and three Territo- whatever tbe Southern Democracy said, the Northern were accustomed to stomach a great deal. [Roarsries, that it came to the conclusion that it was not Democracy were ready to do. And, gentlemen, of laughter.] The Republicana had no opponent, News arrived in town this morning that the expedient and wise to trust the standard in Gov. when I think of your Democratic Party and its work- and the papers were obliged to fight one another, family of Don ioex Miocbl Mobtota, a 'know. It may be that a peace will be patched up,but it will be but a temporesy one—only made for tbe Chicago. [Loud cheers.] By the f iTor of the State paipose of securing tbe plunder and the Convention, it happened me to be one of the delega- spoua, which the Democratic Party have so tion sent from this City to represent it—its wishes, lovg aajoyed, and wliich they are now so reluctant to itspart wltb^ But 1 beUeve, fellow-cittzens, that Mr.Doosi.Aa and his adherents will surrender to the able to contribute them all to the common domineering will ol tbe slave-power. I believe that councils that were there to prevail : but tSetask matters of the South will compel the North- not less did we eonsider ourselves en- cm and tbe Western delegates, who have thus far trusted with the duly of hearing, of weighing, of un- •toed by nim, to surrender their principles, and togive way to them. But, fellow-citizens, it matters derstanding nottousRepublicanswhomaytienominatedat meitaofthegreatRepublicanParty-[cheers]—as Baltimore or at Richmond, or bow many candidates they should be presented from the different sections (hey may have in tbe field. Our course is equally on of the country. And, gentlemen, we knew that our waid, and otir success is equally sure. [Great ap- duty in representing you there committed you and plaoie.} Wegointotbecontestforprinciple,notlorus—committed tbe.of thisto a duty, and made it a pleasure to respond to aad tiath is migbty, and mu$t prevail. [Loud cheers ] whatever should be the result after constiltations, Fellow-ctUzenf, although we have a candidate who after liberal and judicious conferences of tbe differ- ta to lead us into this contest, and to lead us as I be- ent views of the different carts of tbe^ country. And, lieve lo victory, [applause,] vet 1 cannot coaceal gentlemen, allow me to say, as the first point in the from myself, and you cai.not dis^ui&e the fact, that report—the simple report which I shall take"paisoBOur principles are founded on etemaltiuth, and justice, and right and freedom ;Republican PartyState,see It Is being torn aid dissected,Hold together ifpioDder. [Applauie]candidate we should—of thethe other day—And now, gentlemen, platform has favored you tilings happened their opponents howl while they shrieked, like theIf we had bad the choice ofliave pitfened another—the great statesman of >*ew.York. [TreiLenucus applause, and tbiee cheers forWiLUAM H. SiTiBD, wolch were followed by threemere for Hoaxes Kkkut] Fellow-citizens, we haveknown blmjgn. and we have loved him well. Youhave all b^enwell and fan.illarly acquainted with bispublic life. Soj^e of us have known blm personally to be secured through the triumph of the party that aad intimately. I, for otie, bave known him around animated tbe consregated masses of that Conven-to aee a Postmaster much more common than heretofore. In view of all. If t) ere is anything wanting In It of earnestness, rbnuitig away from a Post-office instead of sticking howl of the British lion in opposition to tbe Ameri- these facts. Gov. Owisoa has been induced, uptm tha dlatlnstness, and completeness of statement of Re- to it [Laughter.] Ithlnk,Slr, that is a pretty honest can eagle. [Laughter.) Let tnem work and l%b'>r— application of numercus property holders lo this vi-.'ileave to topresent you psoceedlngsthehe has been tbe friend of my tion. [Ctieeis] Tbeie was not one unkind word ut-senilmeat felt. riper yean. But. gentlemen, he and I, and all of his There war not an unfair advantage taken or was^ Wadomefclic hearthearly youth—the friend of rav manhood and of my tered. There was not oneyou now,that on that Platform, with these candi-glow right up out of the soil.;wheresF,—we have linen. Men herein New- om they still lived. The Charleston Convention without pro'eciicn, the nearest United 8CAte« aiu.paraoBal friends, submit with cheerfulness to the nomination that has been made, and will yield to it our hearty, our cheerful, our unflinching, and ourprinciples and I will say to you that in my judg- York, ill times past, have been afraid of cotton. seemed to have had a second sight, and to have fore- tarj post being neativ SCO milts distant; aed, wham-and with Why, I tell you there is notbmg to fear seen the splitting that was to come. All that was as, this portion of Arizona thus left ucprotaetaA U gentleinen,onilrlrgsupport. [Applause,and three cheers forcan't us ?you spare a^speafcer [Laughter]Union! Who lias talked about it? Not a Repuolicaa raise a monument to the Democracy. But ho could tiLuallv committing drp-eijaions upsn tb* aetll*;you thinkingbear the Democratic Press and the Ueinocratic gers, tut of white men.Patty talk about the Republican Party's distoiving Mr, Fbt, in contlr.u..tion of his remarks, refised toniLLA. of the Second Regiment of arlzinaMl-itla. shalliheirhave been lounu in the Dnion than tbe iliitingui^hedwatch, [applauseandlaugh'er.)and he knew bet-nestw hich be called the Tombstone aad oooaaral Party,and onward to Wm. M. Evabts, Esq., was then Introduced, andplatfoim, and the marking out of a new pith. Aud know and he said,The day was whenW4S plump York, that thecountry revivinglettaringspoke as followsUS. gVARTS' SPEXCH.iridignant gentlemea dis- by loudly de-William hi.platform upon which they stood was not popular with ed at." [Laughter and cheer*.] Ah, gentleman, I It was not Ibut arejoiced proud boast,ous cheers.dressed the sneetlng as followsrestored, heideas,its wisdom and its choice—as it wasreiidlug upon SxwABD's hands, fearful only of success. The lea'nsd ings at tbe North, It makes me think of a boy who having no common enemy. [Laughter.] We had ranche about five miles from this place, aeartbe towagentlemen then referred at length to the prospects of had a bull terrier pup that he was exercising In the to right the ship of Stale, and it was well tbat the of Santa Todbs, had been murdered by the Apaeftea. Gov. SrwAin's election if nominated, anri proceeded. yard one day, and wanting to lievelop all his propen- Deoiocrat* were off deck when the work was done. It seems that a valuable lot of mule* wen kept la Tbe reason that Liaoour was nominated was that siiies he said to his father, "fl^g him." The old [Laughter.] What a change that would be from na- the "corral" ol the rancne. and that a party M In- Siwabd could act be elected ; but vet the jfrinciples gentleman put his car.e on blm, and immediately he ture's abject darki,e>s to Gou's must lumlooug light. dians numbering some twelve or thirteen, attaaaptad ei Sbwabd are the principles of Liwcour, and the Sf Ized Ihe old man by the calf of his leg, and then [Applause ] He knew that Republicans sprung up to steal the animals. They were realstad by tha courage of Sbwabd was the courage of Lincoui. [ Loud tooth mei toolh. The old man was hauling to get oat out of the earth in tbe interior of tbe State, [n family ; In the fight which ensued,'Don Jei>,'hi* wifc, cheers.]ThathonestfidelltvtoRepublicanismwhich oftbescrape,whentheooywhowasstanding MadisonandOneidaCounties threeehUdrsn>nda werekilled.Oa*aaialland ofconferrisgin thegener^ judg-:Evabtsthenpresented bimieif,the masses. Tbe delegation, therefore, felt that re- will tell you why the Democratic Party have dwin- ReiMibllcan In thecognizing services and abilities, and the or- dled down EO low. It laid in with the South. The liona were attached to Its support ; that the principle gsLlzation of the party, they sbouid put for- day was when the power of dictation to that of tbat held tbtlr hsuisilenceward the leader for weal or for woewith the same 4ioBesty, tbe same zeal, the same em| Democrats true to the Constitution and He bai prophesied that the Democracy would break rectiiude of purpose and the same inteliigeucc, they Government were the men who controlled Itj up at Charleston, and since tbat prophecy had beenjoumedand theassemblage dispersed.of that Convention, that from the beginning of It to the close, there never was an Impression on my mind—there never was an impres»l'>n on the mind ot a member of the New-York delegation thit there was airything but a public spirit and a devotionpublican piinciples,—if there is anything deficient, or Democrat [Laughter.] Now, gentlemen, what have men and women, too. If a wife had a busoand, or a cinity, to iMue the following :to the of the and the of thegood party good countrywhich 'and divide our countrymen,I can come to the of New- York now and see Re- CityWtertss. under orders the Ri3 Oiaade. in Arizona,Depart-uQJtindthere anj thing—A Voter-Mr. Chairman, there are fifteen thousandpeople In the street, and no one to speak to them,dates, there is to be a conflict withthe.D^uitxiracy,The — Chaibma»[Cnetrs.] Now, the;" ments in this section of the Te.'rito'j tor::I appear before you tofelt thatatFrom Arizona. riMlCLAKATIOH BT TBI OOTKBHOb—POBT riLL-,Citydtuon to what haa been uttereday to yoii, gentlemen, tbat we have nowbelon us aSeeaspmekBeeuiaAa'*Chains aoa alaTeiyfreamem aaaMMadgallon, and of tboie who acted in your interest la fa- says be, 'bia is a rood pmce to fish." " Why, ofJowa.Republicansby Mr. Byaars worktobedone. Letusnot imaginetaatitifpower—be won wltbouc an effort.wants "a long pull, a strong pull, and a pull altogeth- "• ¥"J"f '^" '^° "• It '» tTMa tbe 18th hu not yet pasaed {Baltimore and RtchmonJ are yet to be heard irom. Ttiere was an old man In my atown, la Con-LaytheseLoee-fmmlew, TwraatstallwhasCertheygo, L»ertr*siaever*Mow-pattv question to be de-cided by the wisoom, the intelllgeaoe and piUen(%, necticut, try the name of Ban Xajikiis, and Bi^t by the band, Mr. Rosoh addnsred the meeUog withand the forbearance on all sides of this preUmlaary walked along a road whcr"* there waa not a trea or a decidedly German accent Be greeted tbe Bapub- *gga«»«ar ai(Applause.] Hewaspitradtobetherep-voringted^or was ther^ any fault In their opinion asstrength upon the ballots to be taken, or uoon the factthat tae woDld combine a larger number of States and find it a capital place to twitch, but tbat the place be one of tht luqipy famtiy Ihat bad nominated Lin-tbenomtnatioBofourownwashotmtsdlrec-thereis nowaterhere." " butIf»aa larger number of votes than any one elsemaybe lackingIn all. the essential of qualitiesIMr. enoar wm aMi&td tbat ha eonldand on the just ballot 173 votes drawn from fourteea ulfferentthat If Richmond joloi'him at BUti-oour—raised that tallcom which was to feeJ;exercise. [Cheera]Slates of tbe Union, placed your favorite f.ir ahead oa more, we will have a fair staodnp fight with him. Uacgbter-house. [Laughter.] Be was certain th»tcourage, nerve and fiuelltj—[hear, hear]—and they Sir, his friends asked him Why are yr>u ashamed to He from tbe contrast between thi.^tnonght meeting saw that it commenced in the laying out of a nev^- (.ie !" He didn't like to tell, but they pressed him to and tbe nist of the kir.d he had attended In New-Mr. Eviebtt to OldMortality, who*: boataaaan wa*"they felt that when, from a feeble beginniiig, in and fair, and stood up in manly proportions and was Men at that timeto go around tbeup. [Applause.] tonibstones. Mr. Holliv'stheoa aidthey He believed that thousand voters, and bad carried twenty-five Sena- iuii;ed me—dwarfed me made me miserable, here In tois Island tbe voice of freedbm would be asEvtBirr and tl:e tomb of were received WssHnroroN,four years it had grown to comprehend thirteen somebody;but I have contracted habits that have were out and out —tors into tbe tjcnate, that no man could say that tbe and I cannot bear to die and be laid out and be look- as polentHej fielegation from the whole State, both Inside advocacy of the different names that were umphant victory in the vote of Ibtio. Nor are we plause.] ThPre is nothing to fear in the South's fore, ^e would not be driven to or accept any Senator jis landof the Ciinventionitself theand outside of the Cdhven- preiented to the Convention. [Cheers.] I need Itoing to get over this. We have more reason for wiltidrawii'g from Union. attempted itashismaster. WithabiielreferencetoMr.Evsairr, during which, be raid, that If the Aimiihty had con- BySP'j.J?'"'.*!) 'o""t, to allude to the closing act of net say to you, gentlemen, that expressing zeal man belongs to mere party warfare. Tae once, and there was a good loud blast from the bugle-Governor.JaS-the dIsUnguished Chairman of the Convention, when and thewhich animated the horn of Audbiw jACisorr that sealed the mil- sulted Mr. Evbbitt in relation to the Croatian o( ourandaa foUowj PKisiaasT:M,S,„'">*,^w''fJ "',."" people maybe, may rely youmetlove of Ubertv the affections the American people, July a greater fire in Certrai and Western New- the the scene was exceedingly animated. An Governor and Commander-in-Chlet. Bl* Eze*Il«a.mm. Motes HHon. Horace Gr«Ity,:Hon. Hamilton Fi.h,like wild-fire. I am noBen. Henry i^'ntflf^i^ti"''Oplyke, Charles A. Peabody,Chicago, the,^f l.l^^hi. ""'''."' day precedingaUncolnrail marched In, and was received with prolonged cheers.]spncHorjcDoxtbact,orOALiroaitia- Judge Tbact, Chairman of the California deleja-was the next1blue-lights,Crtanel! ^Raj^iondtS:i£i wfSiL^i.. .Xroaan Smith,Hba. John Blras:n, BoiuB F.Manlene, Mctk, David K. J (cquea,BeScTt T- Bawa, Esa-. ehwiai g. Marihali,A. W. OrlB-TCld, AngnaUB W.''lanpann, B«o. W. Blont HenrjA HarQturt. Uea. Wm. Ball.sion of the CouvenUon, until thebeen made, that the great question was, whetherGov. SiWAsn would be nominated, or whetherwas tmderstood to be aand aThien there ratification of noBi WtLLiAHfon that slaveholders havethe West Assembly,The annnal of laport.""spresdiug ar.d 1 am no judge—might his v1*tt ta thenent to eaable htm "to touch sufficientlyPar-breathless silence of 15,000 ty of rsew-Vork, as we understood it, your delega parly- in '56, and animate it n )w, are llfication lor ever. What have the Dem^- mrth,Govern-he mounted, amid the representingopinionsRepublicanpreat stirring principles:he would h^ve said, " Oh, no, dun't disturb the "people, the Secretary's table and m-«le that motion, pseeeded bv the beauUtul speecn. that the nooSi;|I''IiIour peoplemilpro-turn snould be made unaniinous.When Wii. M. EvAEia mounted thateslth a coBvulfclve heavlr.g of bis cbest, with sorrow 6i his heart, and tears in his eyes.and muoe that beau- itM speech, I would rather have made it. fellow-rit:- a«DS, than have been theT author of Aktokys sjeecti pmtt tbe dead body o< C^sai. [Applause.] I con- eludewilhonesingleremark. Ihope.IfthereIsany haast-bumlne left in any Republican—I hope If there •reaay gTien,any disappointments.tbey will from thisi>lgtat4)e barfed and forgottenwOl.oce and all, let tbe limpid stream of Lethe flow ovw•urmemoiles,andfoiererblotouttberecollec- 1 Mon«.a< it.'56,*' We must overshadowing doctrineout the and greatBve to there outrages soA company of rango-s nre nowW Vo.ibe PresUeat- had his collided remarks,and when the centre of its is iu the of I want to tell you one word about the rxMmtry. Re- two stands had bean er>cted for tbe accommodationVicE-PassmairtswhichoftheseI prefer,foritisourlibertythatpre- Slr^l^US;," "^i"? fCheers.] We met by serves our Union, and onr Union that piesetvei our Havlik isHe tothinkitnot thatthePilaaa '*-,fif^i^S^*^/ i""' ^%.''.'•"^-i't 10 o'clock onlawyer, am a farmer, and Mr. Evabt*fireworks, the squaref".irly-^«t andthe'"''"''and let ma and aa it continued to be throughout the enUre msOcclrine 'n--:encourages ters, and when tbe little Flower strack thePellow-riUz<>ns table? [che^JS^itbe stcundThe Little Giant, when he tried to repeal tne .Mis-'<'<-'i"n"tm'?e„'2"i2Sb^u^tti.2S field, theirw- were. and I hope that we thiswhich the growth rrf chattel Slavery-ruthless persecution;There wa* muchenthoslaam during the eveningHon. OeorgeHon. Alei W. Bralfijrd,liberty. [Cheers.]ani otheri'""§??• l'^- A.Coakllng,eBunciated by the Supreme Court ! It tsSir AuzAnnuHanfiomacruiseto•eraat-Uaadt:orBon. Sober t Francis G. HaU,nominaUoo hwlrespectla the de- S«r1-arJI^oS^S,?b.?Mre Piu. oWMk^n^beIndies ii announced.and was considered veryhaamight goBaaet,D.Dsvid Dudley Pield,he great inquiry upon the solution of which this question was to be deter-to attendapeaker. to this« right (raasjfu.?iv,.d^Uiere must have been 3.00(1 on the •quare. MrAM^wIxzuAS acted a* chairman of thelatidbetory.mar.borne to die amoofBandolpb Martin,would not be nominatedand thewply to the New-England olergymen, that the ConsU-first-Wm R Crosby. OhailjB KIdk.'ll D T. A. Tellkaiapr, M .D.,;of the United to take their alaves into anv free StateB<*ert.a.MeCnrdy. John J. Faelps, Orraa Cnrtiaa,Ot<a Loesohigi, John F. Orotby,Jamaa A Roosevelt, Benaaaa Rssttr,Slavery with it whanrer it coe*. No w,,'mined,honestfit to be noBlirated was not the questionbody knew that be was. [Cbeers.] It was notwhether be deserved well of the party, as far as per-sonal deserts sbouid ever affect the public actions of would be a leader that thev could fo;low ples of Liberty—whose arm iswho Bald he came lo aay a word enpardonedI'—whether there is a provision in the CimstitutionbyaItet of Vloe-Presidenta and Secretaries were elected, tons. [Cheers.] And wherever we went, wttatarerandthe Republicans are then, and man made toe town. I havethe-sugMiizaUon atoodHon. B. M. BLATOHrOBD.There is but one sentiment that rllvldes with:Ithis is atlU the dogma of Democracy, while we deny rock. It had tbe doctr.iVnney Inscribed on the in tbe square outalde, where a large crowd had as- MUTIKG OP IBS LieiSLATUBI SATIBPACTOBT U'';Republicanism,True; [Laughter and cheers.]full of Iam my quota vanity, yetsolely given individual here to do histhat us ana under oppresseswtalob out my;bit I•' Lsrr," licans d New-York In the name of the.that the special akength and tbe local spirit that was coint for wU«k abe has been contendrag for m^yclaimed, and that was urged on behalf of va- montht and |iear(. It caimotbe done, andMr.Dono- cacUqiofseese—that woaU not do to save Waah- music. -TbeaaaamtdagaTOtMar-'"^- rious other candidates, such as Gov. Chasi LAS, nomlnaicd al Baltimore without tbe cboMnt of Ingtoit from tlie DeMuxaaey ; tbey mut cramtbree ! to one ol tbe *taad«,wliBre Mr. Obesuch aa Bsna, such as Gen. Cahxbo, was Insiguifi- Ricbnund. (tasds terrified before the people. Wt aa thousand rails down tlfelr tnmti. ClAOghlar.] The rtmaik* eutogiiing Mr. Lim»i«. Dar&lcolu, which had brought him up to within four votesof (tOv. Siwabd, showed that the quesUon which hadacluated the delegation, as to whether Siwabd could In this emergency and it issafely aad wisely t>e nomioated, was approaching its of free speech, free men, free labor and a &«e csun- ciiAKAN. [Laughter.] A lew tejrs would finish ought to be reduced. [4pplaa*eaadeilaaa('',1 solution in the m'nds of"the Convention. Then the try that yon receive us with this enthusiasm. [Ap- Ihem, BO that Mr. Siwabd would be the standard of bsor.o"a)d Tahnde principles oafndtne RepaOIIcan Pvtr second questioa was, If Sbwabd cannot safely the Republican Party. [Cheers.) They might think national, people from all seetioa* and wisely be nominated, who r^n?" And it plause.] My countrymen, what is the question at from nls speech that he was a Dutchmui. He coi Id accept them. The delegates to tne Chl*a«obut because he was ancheers.] Tbe third ballot, gentlemen, extinguished been made so plain by the so-called Democratic cilizen. [Applause.) He wa* hapoler to advo.»tetion ofFreedom against Slavery. And that ls:ue hasadopted Americanpower,before. [Loud cheers.] If Mr. Siwabd was not theNestor of the votes of these delegates, he was theI aay, wtieieis that party that once stood upthe bnnjen. [Cheera] There was not a voice there party which praelalmed to the world equal rights remember tbat they had now in Washington a man inatcd and will- certainly be elected. He will iMlac[Loud cheers.] There was not a speech made there at thatthat commanded theopposedhad apeople of this nation and of all the nations of theAlasborne from whenee it shall never return. [Laughter.]and equal privfleges ? When I B<e a bid at the!public n apeclii'g Slavery. Mr. GBiiLn.was gli^toSolweidnigs,coiuagemeutiuitshistoryhitherto,andthataudmcMBtainstoMluponhimandhidehimfrom"Yes,"wastbereply,"itl*lyingflatonitsbacknominee* that had shown that, without -fiinchlng, ita great national nominationgratulate ourcerves, fellowdozens, that we Re^olveri, That tbe corruption, extravagance, imbe- bad acted in accordance with Its p-incip'es;boughtus iy tiie Convention at Cnlcago. We can congratu- ot its just reward, paralyzed industry, and trampled purpose, and one act, and that was the act ot the WashingMa wlieaa kaeea are anocking togetner like and ability. Docqlas was a little giant, and LrKcour tbe tvoverameat. [Applause.) Some one had altdand we will not only wipe out was a big giant fie bad closed his hand and the DoDoiAs wss too abort to be President whlah wa* Republican Party in each State, to explore Belahazzar^ COnat laughter.] Yes, Sir, it Is writ-:ccnatrycan findenduringpeace andprTsp^rity.historylate ounelrea and pledge ourselves to tbe success of apan justice and liber tythe Bomlnces of that Convention. [Applause.! In and utterly exterinine it, bat we will place the General tbe ranks of the party, and find who was the ten upon its tn)BaM,«Mi every man wltblit t^iepala Uttle giant had disappeared. While be thoughtlt wa* tme and If be *hould be nominated It would balika,:who waa thethe must reliable man to place in tbe post U.ough tker wen not afraid to dla. Bai Itmy rommd BccUAnAK, ** heart had beat lespontlvely to theablest,direst,of the paxty kn'Air*hatodie.Buttheybis win.AaaABSM Ldcolk as our standard-bearer we bave an our fr Uow-citisene r-f the CJnion, to give the vote of tbe United States. Yes, Sir, they had seen that parly, tity—told me the other evening, which is plauae.)ailproved, faltbfu], tried and honest i^publican. im- Empire t tate to Iincolm and Haulim. growing in the short space of six years, under this so perfectly Illustrative of tbe party tbat Iboed with our principles, and one who, If elevated to In the larguagc of our own grea'. stateaman, "no guidance, brirguig up 24 Senators to stand fry Gov, wll' tell it I can't tell a story very well,of any light prevented our reporter from takiag aay further notes.truer or firmer Ocfecders of the HertuLlieaii rAttli couldGen. Jaubs AV. Nvb wasBon. Mr. Hollbt, of Westers New- waa tbe York,ISswAsn as a Republican. They felt thiit the duty but I will try this one. A man sal 1 he was not afraid no —hourlittle office, and master and Custom-house officer issay. They reapect ofbadSlavery sittingto them the oldearth ?ConventioD, of which his name and fame was not the reoraientattre and the defender of lieedom—that Slavery thad settled tlie party. (Laughter.) Let uim Old Abi second, [loud applause,) atui he waiBOS*.settle Slavery,ei s for Siwabd, and *o on, btit all were for "H9ni#gentlemen, it is not my ptirpoee to make apoatle ofmore than a single obser'atlori upon the causes greatthat had produced iLls state of distrusl in me If we could be permitted to go to the say, Ifjou admit tbat that 1* pledged to a policy Parly.mlidsoi ihe Convention, as to the expediency of venerated vault at Montlcello and unlock which our fathers did not put here, we will allow yon Mr. E. W. AsDaaws wa* the next apeakar. Hanominating Sbwabd. There ware, of course, two his temb bring among living— andwe —Demooracyhimself would— " Republican majorities peon ebUa was Sbwabd's was also Lincoln's [cheers]-and off a little way, sung out, island it, daddy, if you were increasing, and New-York would not be abcut 9 yeara of age was taken prieooer, aad tha ani-from the time the party bad birth Lixcolh has been can ; U will be the making of tbe pup." [Tremen- ashamed to hold up her head,init ; be has come Into it willingly, and let me tall you dous laughter and cheers.) The Democratic Party ofmals all atolen. The ranche waa tban iral aad burned to tbe ground. One old peon, wlioihe will stay In It as long as Sbwabd or any other nam.Now, gentlemen, it was for these reasons that LincolnWHS nominated, and I submit to you that they are ex- jou can—look to the Custom-houses aad,Po5t-offiees— Gen. Nye—On, there's one left to peep yet He uable horses were stolen from the Stephenson Wains cellent reasons. stand If you can ; It will be the mailng of tne Dema- would apply to hUn the oUl saving, tnat if be had Hacienda, belonging to Maj. SpBAom, U. S. A. IaMr. Evabts then alluded to the nomination of Vice- cratic Parly at the South. But, Sir, what a power either sense or sensibility, he would have been too fact, scarcely a day passes? but we might chrotdclePresident. They bad nominated a man who was tliere is to compe: men to hang to that parly so long dead to peep half an hour ago. [Laughter.] He con- some new depredation, were we so disposed. Sincehonest, able, competent, and one who was an earnest as they can see Custom-houses and Post offices. tinued at length to advocate Republican principles. Ihe order has been received, and the troops at Fortthe South say to that party in the North, while theyTcrely wotmded and left for dead, ia tba oalrleft to tell tbe tale. On the alght befbre ttdi, aU val-Republican. [Cheera.] He then continued Ard, Sir, I was about to say that one of the strangest He was not ashamed to shriek for Freedom. Let Fillmore have left that ixist, these depredatioo* are-. :falling ihort of a com;>lete, general, comprehensive, we to do ? Are you ^oing to bow down to this slave mother had a son with his feet in the inlre of Democ- perfect set of principles and measures for all subjects power. [Voicis—" No, no, no.") I thank God tbat racy, let them pull out the victims by main strength.PROCLAMATION.which Is satis-factory to the one who was entitled, at all events, to piiblicalis. It is my good fortune t'l live up in the[Applause. ]SPKKCO UK WM. H. FKV.Mr. FsY said he was called up to pronounce thetbe nomlriation, I have nothing to sayand I to saycoi'ntry, in Central New-York, where Republicanswhich will either sustain or defeat our views and flax and sjin it;with the issues that divide this;We bave not got any;aai,Mr. BLATcnrosnearry the Slate of New-York, but Pennsylvania, forU we sucr.erd in cairyiog New-York without theMate of Pennbylvania, our triumph will give us abairen sceptre. Tbe State of i'euri-.yivania. 1 believe,alao can be carried fur Mr. Lincoijitlte delegation at Chicago from that State drove tliedagi;erbome to our hearts, yet if P. nn^h aaia .«houllrtqulie aid of New-York, I pledge myself that thepersonal ftleodaof Gov. Sivajid will be found fore- ginnirg to Ihe close of the proceedings of that Con- our duty, aid our whole duty. [Cheers.] By this Urdon How can it withdrawmost In eitendlng to them the helping band. [Loud vention, there was never an impression or a supposi- every obligation of d uty, by every sense ':f nonor, would stand anil spill the last diop of bl joi iu uiy in the Senate alone that great parties and great prin- upcntheBio Grande, prior to theSOtb dayof Jolynajct,] FeUnwK^iiizens, we must notIs therevolunteer In obedience to an earnest call li&e that tonthefloor ofCongresshastalkedaboutitbut it[.\ voice,onlyand uithoutiliany gentleman that will;nor the five [Cheers.]thousand inside, will hear any speaker.AtD, andtbe friends of Gov. Sbwabd are tbe frlenrtsare about here, to sit down quietly and [Lai:ghter.] The great question was not one of nig- htgiraeDt of Mounted Militia. aud Col l[ABCiAX.PAa-A Voici— Good, Sir. DMr. Evabts-Well, as 1New- York and bis friend; have done, and in alwaysof theHon was wholly, entirely, unanimously, throughuut tbe same. Kansas stands the same now as in cratic Party got to talk about? The first conservatism of chaos Mr. Far retired, and after ment wUi not give us protection,a>l the ballots, m fuvor of Wiluah H Sswasd as toeyou^on public grounds, of which we then and now were Poland are not ashamed. [Lou:i cheera] i need cot say to you that we expected to find, and that we did find, the advocates and the friends of othjr can- didates as zealous, as earnest, aa sincere, and, let me addv as honest and as publiclyas we. In your behalf, claimed [Cheets.] Now, gentlemen, traversmgand ptahret of the country between our great MetropolisQueen City of flie Prairie West, we met atevery stage of our flying caraa, wlien a moment'stime was ofl'ered evidencea tuat the was Wide us, countrynot advanced one inch in the enjoyment of thing is, "The Republican Party is sectional," and havingtbe Glee thea glee from Club, meeting separated.tect <bem*elves. Great eM-f..;"•'"»|f^"/el»-candidate. [Loud cheers.] I need not say tocarryso far asthat our preference and our opinions rested wholly^ have succeeded, and so advanced it [Cheers.]is,supported,tionthey came over the blue wa-I.Bteet fraa Beraadau —awake on the subject of the BapobUcan nomioa-countrywant to say to you that central New York ts all aUre occupied tha kail, aensibly concludedtheof lntho*pen«iT,andBoe»capethencatbisUe.tbe assemblingof thatthe Convention,then It was quite obviouswillsetmerightifImakeamistake. Whatisthe inahla«. Asthe RallsollttcrsRepubll- smallbutancientandInterestingportionofJsay toyoujesty'a dominions." The retnni of Rear-Adnlnl'"at tae New- York delega-and all on fireialtd you will see before the middle of.i^ J.-^*',!'"^*'''"'rhLT,f:l 'ofCp^rbof SswAKD,n?..!5./,L'"''/ 8?n-'l«'»e". tbev cheered and ap-itsrights, exceptyour RepubUcau PartyOUTSIDE MEETING AND SCENES. Tnr RKPUBIICAN BAIIPlias I.V TH« STBKET—of Congress, Kansas is victorious, but where Democracy souri Compromise—and old repeal itWhere you have ruled In the Republican branch ofcook's'^le'lhout fifty mlies from here, badrules, Kansas atands with all the shackles against Itthat were four yeara ago, unredressed perpetratedhe gave birth to this great doctrine but I remember :when Gen. Cabs sat for nine days and six hours andAND SPEECRK8—BEMARKS OP HOBACtApaches X'h^rr.T'niri wounded inand unrepenteu of. So the two great questioni be-fore ua then, as to whether this is a Slave holding na- of who were driven from their native landbodyC. W. AKDRIWS AND OF A PLATFORir, AC-it. I ask you If the issues growing out of Slaveryare not stUi vital, when the Slave-trade flourishes, sailsPO&I OP TBI OOLOXIAL BXTUIK.We have received Bermuda paper* to Mrnftti of speaker*, quite a nnmbo-, who would otherwise Their oontents are not impartant Tbe Legittytarasupport City tbat God made the New York, and where it tias grown up so monstrously member, sentlemen,of late t( loud and ooutlnued'"' '°- eversawbefore. TbenominationofLiivcoLrrandeveningabundanceoftarbarrelshadwith Roman candles, skjrockels, double-headers, of Waaplpe*ared extend ImprobableWestern r—public, an open, an sincere inquiry. But whether he washeart of the with him from Callfomia, was delegationGov. HicXs, of Maryland,Sbaw, who was in Jail awalHag exacatloa far ader of which he had been conrlcted. He wa* raleaaad;uponwho stood head and shoulders ab-ive liis fel- music ean eome out of tt.M we A».«o.^ LiwooLit[Applaujj.) had lutened to Hr.for every-that of ABBAHAii Luiooui, of Ijlinoia.and tbat is tbe love of Union—I never care to weighYork, and in Ihe Western States, probably, than youbeen which, cy's opening speech contalneo nottdag Iraportaat. provided,a[Heie processionbearing" tbatthecoloredmenhasnorightswhichthewhite c^an'f^p-c/uL^ssedJiy ^P-ce«^n^.b^ylows, and Ihen they felt that Mr.Untitlothatched out the little ofgoblin Popular Sovereignty.,hi Ad shdedl/Ctusseewhereit comesfiom. Therewasa peopleLIY,andon the bowsprit, and everythiag else.eembled to do honor As to the Republican nominee.'.imen is bound toHe said he cision of Judge Kaiti. in the case ofin this respect About 9evening, after the Club* had aU ar- the colonial revenue had been made to tte Bonia oftlonatChicago,had come a long waythe nomlnatron of tbe next PresidentStates. [Cheera] His whole heart, and the whole Taen take tbe dedlaraUon of Jakis Boohasaw Is re- meeting; wWeh was organized on the steps of theLoLS have a man true to the CensUtutioa and to theLiKcoLs inside of the Cooper Institutebut ashortfrom confinementthat heed Dnocumenprinsi-and whose time ago, and all wbo hoard him must admit tbat he hli frieids, the warden and pbviician of tbe prisonto be is a man of rare ability. There wa* but one opinion having te*tifled that be was In the laat stagestulioaearrieaHoBACBGbbblbt,with the New- York delegation for Mr. Siwabd. Theyfailed to bestow the nomination the man uke DemocraUc triangle had U» whtX kind of behalfVerr many of the vast assemblyIt-*. ivnAS. Secretary otwe Territory.Popular Sovereignty."—claimed that"rTwwo"oi.'r'ain'f'S''°''i5n'4d°ea"SprUg.,0. ^tiest old Abb Lmooui." [Cheers.] He wa* h*K>y toII 'I;that aectUm of eonntiT nUaa*the and Democracyter. [Applause,]AlthoughRomewassavedbytue people of the West regarded this eoontry as a gresttorches and bannet*. and'excellentplaeafor him to twitch. Now, 1 only wishfurther tbaay, that In this oonteat the aama aplitttbat 2M yean ago, one cold lOtcem'xr day wanudtoknow wbo waa to be lira operlnleadeut her of aoOM fcnty penone, were praclpttaMd t$ planied iiMlf. upon Plymouth Rock, ia tb« Thty tbouiht An liOKwur would m»ke» (oofl mm- ground, • diaaitcr Trtiiehtiwnid to give grMtcaut really in comparison with the mighty eviienceof a general ol tbe present nominee. Ab&a- supportBAa LniooLs. [Enthusiastic cheers.] There was ttisevidence upon tbe lint ballot, it wai more diittnctlypronounced npon the second, and It was finally ascer- spirit that animates our masses Ufdij. We ve agelMthe farm—to the satltfecBon ol the Awner*. Ha 10 the crowd, altliOB^ itnot to blame that votes beyond Sswasd on the first ballot, yet he came our mothers taught us the principles of liberty ; not much nearer to him in that other element that 1 have to blame that oar fatbeia shed blood upon tbe fields ofnoticed of tbe support wlilch was given to him, tor of the RevotBtlon. We were bom to be free when Ood were attended to. [Applause.) But there was a boys he wa* greeted with shout* of lartaught tbat this country waa wheat and com waa a "mudsill" notion; he Order being rettorad, Hr. Oimnthehumanheart. God.eoAtftttthe forty-nine votes almost all from white man—Ohio for Gov. Chask. and the forty-eight votes for for our homesteads, for our cottages, with our wives ideas. Mr. BATts, almost exclusively from Stale* that no and children, ami for theGen. Cauxbov;it lb a question wbett^ we are to liveBewaspreferredto tne mudsill happy proclaim that IowaSherwood,Wm. SUetiasno. possibility could throw a larger vote in his favor, in around our own hearthstones, or whether ttais bllgbt- ers of tbe Republican cause—[applause] for Ltx-TheWenwas net beltev».ln sblllli and then18. .J. Austin Stevens, Wm. 8. Opdyke.19. .Ramlin Babaock, Wm.A. Dodey, 20..JobnT.6ridley,;iig9fNegto shall be extended over Slaveryga,doling H OBt to acraal aelUara at •'eminence,10..1hailesE.Kngler, 2l..Wm.G.Ksterbroek. Mr.LiBcotsupto160,andshowed—James B. firant.Bemhard Hamann.peppte 'i^'" Al- of tbe Democrats. [Applause] But Wh. H. Sbw- 1 ominatlou of Luioois wa* an aaaos^ua . teihem tbat no *achJohn a, Bryan, a..Janes Marriner,Frederick Tonig Hen's Keynblicsn > Erasmus Sterling,Bnryea.fnliog really ezlatad. speaker wis confident that thecally received.] blind endugh to believe tiiat this kind and cordial re- a man like Wu. H. Sbwabd. He waa In would roll up its majority not only bydlcaled that it was between LrscoLN and Sbwabd and it was upon public grounds that the party in this solemn Counul was to deliberate. The second bal-ciuseIIS. and eriish out the hopes of white men forever. We wage no war on tb) South—we haibor no mal-and had increased his vote tothem insimply [Cheers.]But he fitby eojoyments clustering wouldbe one of the standard-bear- —opposed to landspeculators getting the laad lor a law(pointing proposetodo.notfaisg. Wetterafence It is all weany poorwho wai sick ofcity )tle could tSSvfarm, with a deal of BBcnltiTatM land, and greattoeyer,c.lBoefS,repoi«ersanatarrli-bear*ra,hoped God would forgive him. [[.aughter and ap-beenso It waatUMsphynkand eatingcratic Party had failed totbethe Demo-Sir. IjKOOiMwaa tbe •goes. everysee that large femonstratlon thereState was inre fjr Lcicoui. and so waa lb*and why shruid this great commerdal laaTiofMillaRepublicans. anywhere. [Applause.)wl:h hisres. and severaltracted the attention of the meeiincclaring that tbe words spoken were an losult to the Fatter of his country. There was much feellog manifested.Mr. FooBB spoke next, after which the ad- meeriagA Voici—How about Siwabd ? Gen. Nti—What's that! VoioB—It came from outside.bsabaodoaelmen up there that are afraid of cot'on. We m:ike benediction, [laugh'or,] although in Abbacau's b--,s- 1(10 Biiubres and other etrtams. are left entirelwment,the candidates before them, the Republican success is in that rr snect. Talk about the South dissolving the necesEary waa for Mr. Evbbstt to deliver lectures to iLttstr-d by bacda of ho:^tile Indiant, who ar* aaa-peopleneither doubtful nor insecure.Question is asked, what New-York is going to do,and what Gov. Sbwabd's friends are going to do ? has been the theme for discussion wltn the- on."] Yes. he might go on, and thev would go off. car citizens. I. L. 8. Osivos. Prjvisioaai Omvmur•'[Voice— Vote for Liscolk."] These two ques-tions, gentlemen, are one and tbe same, for the They ate the men who talk about dissolv- ly picking tbe nuts, [.vpplause and laughter.) He the Constitution of the Provisional OoTemmeal, dethe past VBnter. [Laughter.) They had got to the dessert and ware on- of Ar'zcna. bv virtue of the power ve«t«d iawill be pre.^eived, neither the fifteen thousand outside, friends of New-York are the friends of Gor. Siw- ing Ihe Union. And, my hearers, what was warned by tbe Want of liquor that it was late. here'-.v order that Col. Fiaxb Db BTTB<a,or tba nnt[Cries of " Hear, hear," and cheers ]Mr EvABis— Now. gentlemen, unlessalittle silenceDemociaticPartyallthroughme byof New-Yoik1and they are both going to do wnativimcmediately oraguadnize by-law.restective regiment* a* Bf«- forthwith eaJito earalTlHwas fromthebe- the whathehasdone,andthatIs theUnion?TalkabouttheSoutliwithdrawingfrom acknowledgeanymanasbisleader,towhomhe vcjunieersf'nmfcaptrdoceed whichsaying, RepuDllcan PartyappUme.i Fellow- citisens, I hid the pleasure of tion that anything but public views and public con- by every feeling of zeal and interest that bsloug.^ tj veils before I would see the rights of any State ciples were sustained, in many of the greAt discus- and shall bold themselves in readiaes* lo fstrisoa fttltmore as loon as the said post ebali be Aindonei by'Waybeing at «:hic-,go as a witness of what was done ^it:eralions. to the of the and the and we to violated. 1 would defend every State in its rights, sions which had agitated the country, the Press hai Ft—La ll<*ill^locking good ptrtv us aa partv men citizens, are impelledthere. 1 cunnot fail to speak of tne generous, good of the country, and the success of the so act that the Reinibiican strenatbof '5ti and ofthenobip,ofthepatrioticbearingofourparlyactuatedtheadvocacy—andthezealousgoli.gtobeexhibitedinamorevehementandtri- seeoneStatewithdrawfromtldsfairUnion.[Ap-tbebtStmethodbywhichtopresentthem.There- —,Dc ne at La Mesilla, Arizona Tertltorj, this 2M day rf May, in the yea' of our Lord on<- thja-eighthonoredandsixty.';not^niake aspeech at so lateau hour.Go theratare,tbe bit-tr protection of tbe lives and p^oaertp tfTPBO- CtSSIONS, CAN.\OnADKS,TOBCHtS, SKTBOOKirS'Ihe enoffbv on tbe ofInatltule. HeIntrodneed as theflrst *peaker, Hon.Hartiadared avow tnatremarks, respecliafMr-tbat to be a of New-York that the mll-Cityfrigidity opponents together;:noneand tbe potato, and he would see tnat the people head emerged above tbe ma«» of eti umgKamhad wheatoftne con nately piodoeedtbegolcen prairle,tneseverely,made us men and gave us the prinelplea belonging to Uttle man with a heavy pack, who said that raising applauie.to the rail.)[Here the spaker was Interrupted by the eutrance spixcB or on. Btuci, or madiboh countt. and the lait of the tnonaand wa* better than the best and was Inimical to ibeh- inlerean, bat Iba-181, broughtinto tbe Ball of the Seventeenth Ward Republican Mb. PBBstiBiiT AUD Mmis;issue before the American people now ? It is a ques-refinement—* Uttle nigger. andBut the farmers to[cLualutgihvtateer "applause.)"ranks, nod lb*'certainlycoLa and Hauldt. He was satisfied with tnenomination of Luooui, But he had gone tovoting [Applause]monopidy. Tneydil''''Chicago for Kr. Siwibd. Mr.heavy advance. Tbe Republican waaParty fgal^sA.agate the Pro-Slavery doctrine. And at length tne 8tand alone. Mr. Gbiilit concluded by urgtag New- say slave fairly dares to hold up the Constitution and Yorkers lo tally to tbe standard of the Biiiiiilillii—trample tbat Constitution under our feet A friend had saidDemocracy of 1890? Be would call upon the rocks " Wby,'' said he, "it has just been knocked down.' siasm everywhere maDlfened for the RapobUeaaI, fjr one, should take off his hat or bend his ki.ee. It wa.-- not s!>enroiltd. shall r(.ndtzrousat the tovaofi would see State smashed before I would furnirhed to members of Congress their ideas aud the Crited States Goverrment. '.^ti is and everyGBEK- 0THIB9—OOWMrALL lem^fto'ecaran at- turethem. HeU eipect to die.to remain Duringfor the session on theopened by bis Excellency, CoL "»'''"-«'Wr',fioieriniKed by tbe arrltal of a*rar«I CUSL'^miT"gi«s»cf bU adareaa the platform rave wavreform, [applahae,] andU thatwaa pdnoipla fdaMiriLman freehold of hia own for;speaker. Duringtbe course ofhi* remsskaa»"rgialTitmwmperson* werabiul. liitwhen Mr.GnsWest knew how lo ham |iM_.__ In'aampparnecwihatoehaasmhoarnldLaaabad•thatto be kept along by irniini of 1humiUatissCmrespondtnee of the Missouri RepaMtcea. Misilla, May -a, 18Mkissued from the Warment o' the Goverpment of the L'nltej ata'-es. tbe military post hnown as Fort Fillmore, aitnatsd opoa.ia torhe letrleiseDta apon the Rio Grande,teirimeDta. said Talaateen,theThuaitwUi be *een that If our Federj^one -nsn was badlyV~ aceemcolad brto;Bigk^~Zid, aad waa'fo^aSr' g«»—-,.f f - a great party, for upon the point that he deserved the whtrever his white plumes woukl be shown amidst heart is true a man ;strongwho Is just aa certainof con-BOBdoatloD, tbeta wa« no doubU But, Sir, the gieit the ranks of war. (Cheers } We gave our haarta, elected Fieaident of toe United States, in my judg- wilh regard to that effortof the great Illtnoliian;even sumption.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 