 -;her enemies may be met.Lnever advised this tiiclllan movementgetpresentHsBBv Katb first Nobtoh, mate,PsssignanoVOL. K—NO. 52707. TRANSATLANTIC NEWS.HPillTURE OF ^ARIBiLDI FOB SICILY.NEW-YORK, THDBSDAY, MAY 24, 1980.wasaompotedof 2,jen volantaen. Three ataaman rnaied the features of hurlesqae. Mamben Staiei ahooM raoogaiaa Iba Claytan-Bnlwartreaty with an enthotiaaa oaly eqoaled by fliat axhlUtcd Chlsa mailshad reached aad (beBtalfskePBrv4MesandEaolinaciit IkeSxpedlU«a.vf grade andoalllng—nalilai,*oldlert,artlitB,pkyBlolan>,down to paasaata and workmen. The en&aslasm ofthetroopilatanlsoaatGenoaIiaabeensoroused thenavigationoftheStraitsofBeilelsleandthecoastlampswhich Mistci, Qab- IUomUbs frMMdOip in tbe Britiih Hx- laaisi'a ahle lieutenant, was to start in four or fivecalled attention to the stata of the lawc**bl|her.IlaaieiUXATXR FBOH VKOik. AMD CHINA.- •inuLiinuisBiccdocument, was a report of a Committee of the Na-s^ted* by the great Italian movement to incfeaae ItaIt was ramoreduhat a collision had ^s^^ii iijaeia^i twaea tha Rosslsns aad Chlneae on tae froa^oa.Tha ultiiaatnm of tlie AHles was declarad-to (ka ChlaeK antborlties on the 8lh March. Aa saMrtr wasexpecUdlneieeonrae of th* waak, arfeactha sUfte 13lh ln««4iil, arrlTedteie yettaidar In theKflei^things,gaiasttbDas,sels in which he has embarked witlT his 2,000 desper-theirKingatNammm, Wedneadar, April 2S, I860, Vhe nvolotioD ia Bicily does not seem Uxte sotion unsuecessfully -the hid not been able to trace LATXST. asked in the Mr. Gbabt defauitiDg cashier,storm of and thuader.UghtnlDgilor, at,d had Ihe btar, or emolem of the particular again biought into the lists with so uncouthinvesiigate questions relating to thecommercialwere lying In the ekng, to whiak ttaay were convey- ed in detatohmrjita from varioak points aloag a raaga •ffonrorfivemilesofcoast. TheconoeBtrmtioBof any large body on a given spat Was avoided, la order not to bi ing addltlondl perplexity on the Govanuaant. Nearly SiCiOOpeapie of all taakt flocked to tbe beachasked eack other fitoettoaa qoaatians about pints «Bd quaita, aad Ue legality of drinking on a doorstep. WhUstail this buffoonery is tiiUiig place in deUil,atFlaranee. Tba Irlag of ekaaoa, tha riaalac ofball*, tha-abents of the laapla, aad a twaral BtaafOaa-tloa fermad, asasml, tha staple of tba joyvuadaaaa- M^iO** Calcutta, Aprfl 11; BoBf Xaa|r,'stratlon. Tha Anstbliaop of Bologaa, foUa*irtBg the At Calemtta the raU of Kzchaaaa hi•sual^^l'ib««rlbaldlvtrtvateers,ttaywereafeverywords,thatItbarejected.The Earl of Dbbbt also pledged himself totha blU, as he considered that itsnot show itsia thaplaea gaaenl Ughttat-ap.'It??^aUAkS2KJ~fBfoM,air«*^o7f«*la bavtac aalaiadsiiklaLotidMabad maikst^t-l»n—a23pa-tloaprtcisa.behaagaat Ukntbai wa* qaotad at •s.M.«ka.t>«ttt waa neoessary to confine Qtem to tlieirjiarracka•f which the navigation of the St. Law- Labraoor, byrence might any time be Interrupted. Mr. Halibub- Toslold the House af Common* that he obtainedimproveIn the Hoaae of Comsoons was made inlu*trenpon4KlBfvfho has been eondemaed a oytaprevtnt their deserting in order to enroll tlieiB- VTATE OP THE nsOLRECTION. aeivea. GAaiaaLDz had sangoine hopes of catting outfrom the report of tke American Sonsnl British North America the information wldch be could not get in this country. He obtained it fromits iBBtlt^ts are tlie same. Its poliey cannot etoliiga. It has no fellowship with schemes ot refbna, Hai a*a»» cidays with 2,000 Hwre volunteers.Tke ia said to Iiave been well provided , ezpaditlanwltk arms, amaonmition and provisions ; aiul with 24 «aanons.eABmsLsi U said to have' ezcttangad for gold three dllion francs in notes at the Bank of Genoa.nne or other .af Ute Nea litan powaia on tke watek for bisappearance.Uslons at sea so far as vessels are foreignconcerned. t^what is understood by progress, that 1*B«, iated the IVQi but, state that an engagementteek place the day before at Ctrlnl, aboat eighteenHUea diitant/rom that place, tn which the GoTem-MBttroops musthavelecelTedaconsiderableloss,U set a defeat. The amoont of soldiers killed and order to take in provisions, to put the combatants in en the populaceTheThe O;rtnione Katianale beliavas Gen. GSBisaz*Paknto was in a state ef siege, ttom the insnr- ila.neiliopaInthetownwerenearlyallshat> mmt ae trade was eairled on except the necessary ale of proTlsioBS. Hany of the citizens had gone OB koard the Tcsaels in the harbor, Iht soms of them, tedkg tkat the city remained quiet, had again re- twaed to tielr homes.* The force sent 'oat by tike Ocreruneatls so eonsldeta^le that, if tht soldiers icaala loyal, there is little doebt that the rebeliioa srtU be sappreseed. TheSlelliaiisareBOt remarkaole i fartkcirDiavery. InMOtheyallowedthamselvesto MRoBB. Tuaadaf, MayS, bloodhoundtroopsofNaples?Whydon'ttherelations TheCottonSupplyAssociationtiadheldtheiran- positebalance.Atthesametiaae,rumorsoftkajprox- GcalLABOBronaaeontlnnaatooeaeantratoaaPapaleaaqueredin a ftjrtalxht the Swiss Regiments byhas not been put down. The F16res expedition wasoidlnaryproduced; and thu was after they iiad had a year to prepare msBaelres (or the attack. And new the great cities fee* to be la a (brang* state of apathy, and to take:stoppedibut then did not Engiaod crimp for a Ger-thatthenextyear'syieldof CottonfromIndiawould amount to 1,000,009 bales.Rev. Tnxonou has ar- Pabub,H18T0KICAI. SOCUTT—ADDKS8 BT WfUlHU EISQ—DKGUI8 COSFKHBID.apait tn the general movement of the country.This Boatkera Italian race, or rather tills mlxtureof ICylng was weeklo come to this city byThe CommeDcement exercises ofraces, in wliieh the manliest virtues seem t&havawere celebrated lastnightla llie Hall ofthe Hiatori-,':I;snrif we receive proper assistance Italy will be made in adays,itlisnceelectedto Church,Oxford,where prostrationto furnish them with the necessary supplies.A Turin dispatch of the Ilth, states tbat Gasual- Di's vessels had touched at Ttnimonla, in Tascany, inPatrie adds ihat tta Neapolitan GoTuaOkeat ts in acoodiflon to repel *all attacks. ,The Dirilto of thislowing document, which will be read with some In-protectorsPontlfl', and Attobblli Is the Secretary of State. Themorning publishestke fol-Cotton, and thereby make tbe trade no longer de- pendentupononesourceforthesupplyoftheraw poweragitated:the fioal of qnotaticafrigates,relative tircol-.:Inwhichhesays " outtlie inhabitants.fintUeatlons,officers ot (ha Crown who p'rononnced that they'a *^actuallyIteBtfyml Iba atounririp Persia, Capt. Jmv aid and to augment the number of eonbatants sgainst fi.e upon British fishermen puttbig in under stress of were not aa infraetton of. the treaty..wkiBkMlladfreaUTarpoolktlP.IMktMt, aai fran QneesBtowB en the erening ef Sicily whom we are assisting, but Sicily liarself, thousand Frenoh seamen and a French fleet at Cape Madras, Inthe Indlsn financial to a*k or eamaad mooor from abroad and that Bounces OafTUrl Cinx wooM retora to Baalaad lawhere there are enemies to contend with. ItwM Breton. Thesefall deadupontfobllely opposing;who have baen noraad with tbe adifc ofJune,, Anothertalegrarafiom"not I who advised an insorreetlon in Sicily ;tbeGoremar-Oenaral,datadterest inHtDsas Bxaiisi ; Ailamonce mote abont to taken der Lauoucizrx. It Is, indeed, monstrous that tliisarticle. ItisarguedthattbeeffortsoftheAssocia-asEnglandstare Is Ike events -which are to decide the destinies orthe country, I leave ths ensuing directions with you To eollect all the means yon may obtain, toaid us inever,prestigeGxsroA, Kay S.—only direct force will"ises," In vain does Mr. HiunnxToa (" Sam Slick") eodcMortoarousethe-attentionoftheLegislaturethe bill sboUshlag ihe duty on paper was read a first tlaa.Lordcanavming the time of the country,on tke prev-,aed tke Hanse to thethreatenlng aspect «f affaln tn mests and violent coadnct of our allies in that quar-aBeoidreadlaclMeboatdaioTafliat the KlBg entered. It 1* k*ld that tha AreMe^lscaralFieigbtsct^a^jaUfter,Pope does not mean to at for tha b^]aa«hedandthafortifieatlonsofSUPierre,commaadingoppose leasttke would;etothe Treasury Department of Washington.In tliatMr. M. OiBSOii said the Beard of Trade were aliva to the Inpartanee oftbe subject, and bad aatered into coBummication wttfa tha Foreign office la the matter.Mr. HAUBinToa called attcatltn to tbe French for- tifications at St. Pieira, Nawfonndland, which he re- garded a* eoDtrary to sttpalatlons.Laid •ioaf BniSBti, add a report had been re- mentistional of France on fisheries,tnlhience it by embracingAssembly deep-seasiallDg that France had but the two sterile rocks of St Pierre and Migueloz out of ali her former posses- sions, and Ibat she was foibiddea by treaty to raiseheartily, and directing it, a* a national cause, the Churcta, mistaking it* ownanyfortificationonthese. Yetnow France Is claim-ceived from the Govenor of NewfiMiBdland relativenotgteat,.BritishtroopsveerearrivingfromIndiala ooiek me-Tlie Turin journals publish a letter from GASiasu)! ing a great part of Newfoundland, and actually to these 'and it was referred to the law arcby, is rapidly dliolBlshlng. The patriotle sympa- eeniop. No part of the Fscnch loiee from Earap" untaintedshotintheby any illegality,"whilst hundreds are ruffianismIsletlooseanl•acceptedIs stated at one hoadred and thirty. A better condlUon, and to add some officers to tlieir children are btftchered wholesale—while tyranny tri- Colonelcy of the Voltmt^er Rifle Corps formed of theT, abont to leare P^erao for Naples, had been >i«iM to proceed trst to the beach at Carlnl, and- ftak ap tni soldiers there.raiks. The vessels then set outGabisaui bad taken with him to Sicily his only son,and also Giorsb Mahib, the only son of the illustd- ouadefender of Venice.DECLARATIONS OF GARIBALDI. CorretpciuUne* of the London Timea,Tuaia, Wednesday, May 9, 1860.and freedom bleeds—it is for a very prettycItU servicvemplojes.Additional sw>eys of gun-boats, built by privateagain.umptiasleek English H. P. to hold this attorney-like lan- guage. Why don't every murdered Sicilian peasantstreets,militarymen, women, priests(xirresfoiident,artth the poli-be.and —whileof the paper duty.The Prince of Wales hadconciled, asks a Romanwould disembark at Terracova, on the trohtlartween the Neapolitan and States. AaoOar Papa^vaiiatioBin the saaa jouraal affirms Calabria to be the place of dlsaiBbaikatlaB.The Grand Duke Nicnoug, of Runia, was enieetad to arrive In Paris next Tuaaday.child bring his action for assault and batteryagainst toe« fi.-». .,',?''"toUd'.tngaUaat(dvaatoiar Qoodspeed."As MewfooBdlandanditsvicinity,theartritraryencnaeh- itbereadaseeemdtimethatdaysixmonihs—inother resideaoawastheonlyjialaealafilewUeh'didatftarejra*a^nfc Sb^bal,aadtradewagdaa-'induced him to undertake the.Jk^lJaHllMtlaaatobefree from tb» Bourbon rule. which have not their independence to secure by con- get lid of him. Tlia desperate undertaking which it 1829 he was appointed Head Master of Harrow that he might jremain moat of tha Ume the College and several ol our prominent liidgaaMdesd, tie lower elasaes have no reason to be dissat-kfled. Thequest. Let Italy have such an army, and she will haveisanticipatedwilldestroytrim,isdoubUessapplaui-^ wherebaremainedtillthe when£i1eparcd»so Achalralso Tbaexercise*ware with Bev.Ae aslstaoraey. The anny is oOecreirtrom tlie low-:appointedfirstBishopiDcrrr,•karge illasUates so well the system of^lsclpllne ;keie pnusned, that, although yon sntv have had It al- banner will be tiome out unscathed.ready minutely related, I run the risk, and repeat it. Yours, affectionately.of the illusttidus band of genius and greatness who await the effect of the injuries, wtiich were princi-IDO need ef foreign masters, sure to eat herSelwAl, Emperor he wasyear 1636, arecilnlngposiUoii. wasiitiovidad,*o opened prayer bysliowa ttiem much more ]bvor tliaawn have ao fies to draw tiiem from the | with means for the Jonrr ey that the Siciijan insurrec- and worse for Savoy and Nice, than toKinged by tke Natolxob and Count Cavodb, toemstopping places audience. He saU this 1* the first r waMMI a(>;meal ander the pretence of freeing herof whence he that he Rlpon,could beoved the vil-into Mr. after which Presldeat Kiaa addia**ad thaonto go to thier rescue.;day parted*'of Switzerland.Bis condlUon stthe rromentts most precarious. His "Hie great aim of tbl* School i* to make aelielarsfurther hold on life seems little more than a tiling of and jorists, not less than accurate lawyersa day. The Inflammation of the lungs is more ex- Tne Board of Trustees of Colombia Cailaaa—a treme, and ti:e eliminations more copious. The numerous body—a'ter estsblishlng tbe Schoes, ea- voice is nearly gone, from excessive weak- dowing it with a valuable and well selected Uwaiy, ness of the organ, and the pa'teot I* prostrated ,and a convenient building for lectures, with a viewpiece- whereverup•at naks of the popolaeei in order tliat he may be there all bMve men should be s^nt, aapplylog them an boaorable obstacle. What better could happen for tion of Bishop Malibi, in 16S6, It la, we IteUeve, at the wsy. But this mode was found at length too fa- tlie haw School of Columbia College, wbiek a«w psa-ridiateretta of the erowa. The army Is said, in conae- t tion thonle be aided, notinEieily alone, buLwherever of him ? A man like GAaiBAini is no match for such blrhop in the See of Durham.sBd when the towV ofreached, it wks tliougkt best not to puraae any far- Scliool wss established vas part of tha Ualiandtythey away-II'|was ther the road by Arezzo, but crossing to Aastnalaoga,sents students for niB twenty-eight gradnattoa.^••••i to b« very badly commanded.Thsie ate now only about IMO Bwlis in the Neapo-laaaaivlce. Beforetheaffair atPerugialastrear, "ttete were IO,COO <^ mote. The story of their dls;and Thomas Kisswhich we to aad extond uatfl ft hope enlarge; these brethren of oars arc fighting, f deemed Itgenerally known,was unfortunatethe maniage, the Generalrail from Siena.journey byhis Dr. and Mrs. Ai>-but, sincenate but kittle Is marriage,save suc- fromMr. Pabksb'course,shall affoid thetraining in whatsoever branch of letter* or «»'»ii— may be desired.my dutythat itthat on theship Evening Btar^cwoamspleteamplest oppoitoniUeatbaiuagh *them,characters as these. With regard to tiis late unfortu-undecided who will succeed the new Atch- tiguing,snd VicToa cesdingIHAVCSL 1" 1 hope even at this juactaie the Italian his beautiful bride for ever, ano tbat he makes one and dircharged, but the second mate was remanded toSAn^Our war will cryalwsysbe,Italyhave been unhappy in their married lot. iVo one;«f Femgia. The Federal Diet had, moreover, inform- Farlismentary and matrimonial mishaps liave partly, Intercourse with their lovers, so soon as the nuptial relative to the augmentation of its war Iradget, l)ut Itad tke Italian Courts tliat tlie agreement would not tliough nat justly damaged. Gaxibau)! Is no man to knot shall have been tied. In this case, a tiold, mas- was pronounced unfounded.ba renewed. be measured bv tke common standard. What would culine spirit united with tlie warmest passions strug- The re is nothing of mument relative to the pro- The ten thousand Swiss in tbe Nespolitsn service gling for mastery over a form of exqulalte mold, toTen will remember that after tliemaasacre at Peru- G. GABIBALDLpally inflicted byhlm^ FR&NGB.whispered a breath of the truth before the ill-starred gia, the 8«1ss Government iKotesCM aaainst bearing This letter is in better taste than many of the gueril- union, which was one of infatuation and passion on Ike raspoaaihility •f saeh bnftallty. The regiments lero's lata eifasiojs. It is not unlikely Sicily or the the General's side. It is rarely that tbe iiaitan girl fainlrtsd to tlM rope and Naplee had been hired un- commits herself before marriage. Her mother pre- but there are instances where maiaensA rumor had been current that the French Gov- upon a bed frcan which It Is to be feared he may never rise sgaln. Like so many of our coontrymen «U«k caotracta had expired at the time of the taking enabling him to retrieve the fine character wliich Ms have bc^n known to pledge,, themselves to a gtillty ernment had demanded expianattona Arom Prussia wandering in Euroaelnpursuitof health, or pleasure,to tbe necessary concentration of effort inder certala eoBtracts with ike respective Cantons, Southern Kingdom will offer that brsve man a field, vents thiscarryingdid not return to their native Isnd ; bat, mnaeneed by be mere rashness and stark-madness in another, is no ^betray the unhappy owner of charms that seemed as posed Conference.good pay snd promises, remained at their stations, mote than faitk in his good star in him. He is not if cxprcisly nurtured bv tbe Genius of Italian Lib- A Geneva telegram says that England only agrees strength, those gnat powers are no loijger to be ex- aad legally forfeited their citizenship at home. Bat made for fine speeches or even written addresses, but erty to reward Ihe best and bravest of her cbamplona. to the Conference on condition of being at liberty to ercised in this world. Whatever feeliag may be en-tt seems they still looked upon Snitzerlaad with affec-6be to make the tale more piteous, loved her too,teitained towards Mr. Paxxbt. by those wbo do notsympathize with his views, tliere are none but must Jurisprudence, were also coostitoted ProfasaaBaafMon, aadjiegan to be dl^coateated at not Deiag treat-ills mere impulse in action is better than other men'shusband to distraction, and bitterly repented hermake any suggestion which may appear to her muet-lege,''andDr. Joeb Profaasorof Madlaal Obboxaux,ad aay Irnger as Swiss. The cUmax was put to their caution ana forethought. He will la ali proba:>Ulty youthful error. It might have been better, bad that favorable for efficacioasly. guaranteeing the neutrali- admire and reverence ills mind of wondrous scopeibeLaw and have insiructiaaiaf School, givenrespective brannhse, white some of toe moat dtof atkink J who went one noinlng to the - regimental tal-be beaten in all the constituencies In wh:ch his friends put urkhla name sgainst Ministerial candidates, for CATOua or Catocs's friends are not willing to beerror never been known. A life of devotion might have softened the pangs of conscience, abd ttia beio would have been happy in blissful ignorance ef the wrong. But the indlscretionof the lover had ra-of Switzerland.The Council of Superiorbli uncommon attainments; "Intel-• -wioBgsbv thecompanyfrom (I Berne,hislectual independence and moral energyCaptainty:extraordinary'the greatpurity of bis character, and the exalied ends for lisve shown their interest in the sut-ces of this lastl-caalen, cut from ail the nnl'oi ms of his corps, to showtkat tke soldiers hid tairendered their nationality. and uncompromising a debater. Between Italy'tf vealed all, and when It was toe ble an olBcltyis hand iritb England, had held its first meetings in Paris, Uie. Wlien the great work, for the aeeompUshmeat The graduating class having been presented by Mr. JTUs limple act roused a tempest of feeling, champion, who has notliing to give for her bat doomed all to misery. The bilde Is said to be In a and would continue lo meet three times a week. of which (erne of the best men are derotlag thalr BinwxiL in a few pertinent remarks, tbe President de-la the garrison. Four or five hunnred men mutmied, a charmed life, and is ready to liak it In the most Convent. So is the beloved mistress of Mazzini bo w , The monthly returns of the Bank of France show eaer^ies, Isdone, and tbe noise of the warfare is livered to the iollowlog named gentlemen their di-andto the, palace at Capo di Si mte, on' desperate cncounicrs, and Italy's diplomttist,in and grace. What a different puritystilcUy private.hushed, then will this large-hearted enter plomas, eotiUlng them to practice in all th* Courts of championmarching opthe highest point of Triples, wneiestaying, demanded to see him, and statea to ium etttwittiBg>hem,tkeretheir grievances. FxuniSiLSD was afraid to see thsa, By this time they may be leaked upon as irreconcila- tke object of his affections, had the wrong been kept nesrly 11,000,000 francs.a Urge bet); of their own couatryraen, who remainedstlli lojal, and who, wjth blind, mechanical obedi-tbat so Illustrious a mind shonld de-KingbytheClergy•bilged to oBer a iree nitcharge to all who wished it and IB the course of a few days every man «ad re- taraed to Switzerland. Since that time a miserable 'comprisedchiefs. Tne Porte has no claim as suzerain on this;apology for a Swiss regiment has beer) got together, whose name is all that reminds the spectator of the fumar glorv of tke Swiss arms.Itisatlr.ngecharaater—theSwlst. TheirtaatU--iII1!grelvouscalamities forlate Governmentwent out of office thers were three.tteiiou.»**m! to be as true as that which is com- !'erapbical and mariiitae conditions esuSrllsbment, ihcy areoftie-n from . hoolsi»binedirothermen,withrelljlcnandhonor. But.iii this Insnoce, tliey proved that their home-fcelTiag had still power enuucb, when It had once overcome toeir artifieial clsclpiine, to rnaVc them give up Uieir high, wages and comfortable situation, fur thep^jverty of their native hills ag^. And yet, hofc strung m.utPersevere in your union, Its'lan youths!subjectsregardof Skid Ward. I d^micyaliyII1I'yeglojionsand that shots were interchanged.The Ssiss au-it BTdatya*a School Officer of ssld Ward to throw soma Ufhlap^and lefuii Severalthe sub.,,, cl charges brought a(*iaatla thaThe charar i»r of the NespoUtana themselves isjlis I 'were in such a posiuon as wou'dCouncil ef their anpolntmeats, an.1 the first sltUng of the Council was fued.for U-e -Jlst in<t.'.lieand In the bills discountsd an increase of The Paris correspondent of the London Berald as-the State:D. O. Baldwin, G. V. 6. Baldwin. C. McL. HaaryKing was thenwho fiaiters himself he san beat ail ker enemies by csa be noUiiac in eompion.grown agedttory^what difierent unhapplness. GXbibaldi might ha^ condoBcd the offence committed before he metan increase in the cash on hand of about 3,100,000into the full heritage of ids fame. His golden words,or those otker ss hard, snd bright, and sharp as steel,wUl fall on f eneroos hearts, or excite stem souls, R. H. Boorman, F. L. Lowndes, B. C. Chaltwoad, as they already have, to do something lor the welfare W. C. Meade. H. W. Cooper, NewaU, E. L.kBtEcatihem word that. If they would encame forIke Bight on a neighboring parade-ground,Ihair request shonld be ooosi^ered in the morn-ing. In their simplicity, they believed ti^is fidngfaue promise, ehd passed the ntght in the place in- upright, but perhaps over confining mind of tkea of the Nizzard adventurer akin to dicated. At the dawn of Uaj they were surrounded by King, jealousyIf aaything were wanting io make carelessofhislife,woulditnotbeeace, obeyed the orders gfrsn Jiism, and fired a vol-ley of pspe^id musketry uotn the mutineers. *" through Central Italy, wheaevet the oame of thethe fuller A Paris letter In the Iford gives following:Hon. Dasiel P. laosABAa, Jfistiee WoAaovr, Justiceseveral hundred men, abont' a third were another third wounded, and the remainder escapedaccount of the result of Capt.massacreRed a nameBut uie who had iiuopsfiredthewith theby which tke latter cedes to the Emperor Napolioxleave.The enlistment;of thekilled,with that of tke conquerer of Sin Martino. I will never think so meanly of Vicroa l^BsKCii, I sav, and at any rate It Is very cleat fromCouit of Common PlesK.Prizes s^ere then announced and awarded by Judaswho urged upon him tlie desperate character of his cntcr- prlzo touched upon that suolimity which may seem akin to madness. To those who cillcd his attention is only More 1(-15 ln^i inis been even to the chances ot meeting with the Neapolitannegotiationsthe Government present cubiect.enableoorresp mdence on the yieto bunthe Empire had receivedGen. BsaiuxK was endeavoring1II;>»• "••'result 01 many y»-a.-s of external oppression. Sub-!I1 'The tone la which Giaisiuii spoke to thoseloLord WonsBOCBB said that tbe question putDevariuunt of Giaoimar School »N'o.ing" ot it the evening previous, 1. >r>'*o'Jior members, protested st-vnsiy >.":•»' .""S^cTuk-iininion of the Normans, tbejected in <.uiu to 'iic >:Sjnabians, tie h'.us-ps of Anjnu, Aragon, Spain. Aus-to briBg a'jo Ibe fioieramentandi'.an at-^5„^ «''B*"„K"of ifi '"'.'*, ",.„!, •astbable enemies, «nd I am even told, thoifgh I will nevertielieve It, tbat the has been done to estrange utmegthavetbe France ofthehumanrace. relatlanB«betweenAP. DakiP,J.a..Hanney,V.BDuttoo,F.Boekwell,D. ' L. Duvsll.W.L. Sands, W. S. Ely, Sehenok, S F. Simpson, Giant, C. A. SUUiaan, C. y. Hertlek, S. M. Squires, R. C. Hatchings. LrH. Klihy,proceededneio 01 Vareie happened to be cjupled in thegriefand misery to tbegrave.THE FRENCH ACQUISITIONIN ABYSSINIA.lege Law Schoolofthe Supreme Court; Lrvis li.of tbe Superior Court, and Cuaelis P, Dalt, Judgepeople's outcryAbyssinia "Capt.nxRusJelhassignedatreatyofthetijaiy. 'volcy, when they went out over the field,ud took up their dead and wounded com- Ihe aoove Utter that Gabibauii does nit reciprocate tlons to inform the House in whatKing,of GasibauiIi.ii.UN SoLOiiBS! For some centuries Ihe want ofbut as to the settlement of the vexed long-siey's Bay,givenor ad a'fci-'r.itl»'::concord 8£d discipline led toBritain,question of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty. When theourcountryTo day nothing can be more admirableuni^er consideration— questions namely,oflefotms. 8WirZEUL.AN0.mies and enslaved brethrenHe had read.,than the unanimicy which brtathes throagb t2C wholetbe settle- ment of tbe boundary line, the cession of tbe M'>s-safety those islands. tliree hadquestionNiw-Yoaii, Tuesday, May 32, To Ike KdrlQi of Ikr Ketv York Tvnet :1660.noi'Ula'loo. fiom the jftlpe to .Sicily. Oar disciolineNicaraguon Govern-anyo'her part of Aijjssinia, so that the cessioa istila, the S„.Mi:sh Douibons,allowed to enjoy their i>[anu in peac*, Udeed, even ciuisers ho talked about the feasibility of boarding o( Central America, but as affecting the Claytcn-Bul-the six Hu.vatocks and dynasties, this oeop'e si-.tmns to have lot!*. tohayeloleft bad fallen to»'. home.all atahUliy and unily•aass of inoividuals. j,;ey sce.a to h^vc uo;willtad.It win perhaps a»Id weight to these temarKs on theEngland has been ahas returned to iU usualprevent '»IIK<!IBCCIIVr KiRr IN TBstr00D61^Ot«ATMi!'» Ihe last few dara, aase.1and Marat, it people hiveof not only as great ial^ortance,BonaparteKlatcd to mattersaffer.tir g Ihe relations of this countrywhotreat oxen, sheep garians whothe reigning ho .<e must be ciUed a for- the Keapolitaii frigates, and taking possession of oW s'.ricUydgBone. Beingthuithesuoiandprod—u.c„t.o'=.so.m.a—n..y, themoneafteranotner. Hismostprudentadviser,whole, It was Impossible to find a more advantageouswer Treaty. He begged to remind earl, tbe coast and cUremata."mr meeting, I re-MiMCi, did not join him. I saw him walking withWAiriicBiin this afternoon under the Turin colou-tliefa'tihdy..y, when the news had ricsntly arrneil of <ju coast. He is evidently beaUng about, so as to tar; of the Unitedthe his sovereignly acknowledgedand" u Le uot a but i.ition,;V .'t,oiu '-^: sui t;>,|V„,ij,siae CaihoU::s, toaccorded to iminemorlal SrUoaBdieanTaodleedd,o, crowded to see U:e lilng aid Unccl be- fore him, and s.>eiiiei to cire noimg ai all for tlicir breinreii In Palermo and Jlef ,i na. The of the London Ximm, I bear, spoke ofamyTBI IJECLlSg OP for Poft VsBdrsa. The leoently publiahed ier»u iatiiigi.'iliiga: » illan norhaveI, by outragei^tisasl,eoriesroiident But th-.- standard of r this aail'iHonstratioa. Rjmemust rot I 5 spoiled to Naples. A dCEiustratlonand Ibis nn:ve-.i' o'om- ataiie on Good Friday (d what tlic Neapolitanit itway- 0o on that day. Cairiages are not'ail.iwed on t;ic Tilido,andUisonemassofpedestriaaafra:aendtojBCtely the lesult of my own luisty observation, but U^ s^ed onlnioa of intelligent rcsldeat£ here.Hat 2.—The revolution in .<ici!y see"n5 to bi? stdlrrcncli AgsresalaBa InOF -ARkV. THIODOBK rABKKB-HosrKBoii.ilsauiheiitvutcd bv :i- -' ' rttron*enci»AiU»gr»/u.*.-,.ail ..Jair, aci:!esire eppro wild. wiiiiaLlic.•;.' Hoping -ins(•aiJs r:., conduct or«»- .suD£Crit.e jhjsi'i'icd theremoval af aaidmult be something unusualKxpedltlaa happy niarrioxa.be ceded, according lo the proBoaal mads by Lird CuBzBDON. Those conditions had been coBsUdrablywere•; j •;'' ;" ~-«\':'j*;js'»S!S:!!i'^ ^y.^-NcieMf'X'\A MadiiU tsisgfam of Ihe !hh s*>i^'' ' 'i'- •'' "",i;o rv v""".',Vin.^':->i.syai- iiistaii-e, goodThere was a rumor GAaiBeuii naaes. l>daytiiatto diffieoiUes raised bycustom, theThe'I 'miiaed lu class U;» Baiue(as aouldnotbe baaid; Ila aregiew,any Is opifa uneasy, and the tro jps are more nnmer- duce that quality of claret In the human veinsBepv.ii=.gaii.ed »•>' ""'•"'•*•n*ta Aa streets than ever. There areSwfs^" athammer fist of a Conte de laTh>.7*.!«l. .1*'=-^ ,.,ii..di.lr, itby ..o..S^A'l.^-^. U^,of itf CtknlisRrdvi in« th-'-wn T"nc.-ef..^,t,-..t.e»Oattffiaaarl OAEIBALDI'Splans and off with Ihe daam, at-JiJ-w^wJeaadotherplaces.it^*»»!''„ hearts,astheyfeltanewImpulsefrf excttMBOflC.'^er.is. a BafiMLJM>i,.MyGabibaiM'S aipedition iarge rkaie of pnkHe attenStn:.the pair of cbam-Ilcrssing refreshment -•^l-lt of Ihs treaty fairly and eonn:.lete.yt The utc the distant kills as the sun is gilding I'rem wltn '"•BXPBDITION "BO SICILY.to Sicily engrossed aA ccrre-50«de«t. o'"Just see how wide-awake andfislthtul t<^hi»»«4<I«ii t']OT*!tcc'<: Ol" R.W.R."TheT'Earl loid'sstatement evervthlns depended f.IanVs wfre ceded.he had net Informed American Ocvemment»» '"•« u. tu. eei.liu l).putati«n atThetlonolCouutat Telamone, near Plombtno,.OB the Tus-gieuod. owingwore rsssmcd, and Sir W. Oosblitacknowledge it but withaut guaranteetog." ITAtY.with one anijther. For onthe insurrection in !*:clly, Uio citizens of Naples bewilder with his movements and lead astray thaNeapolitan navy. GBEATBaiTATO.Brlriah Amcrtca—af Garlbaldl-HIa Ua- to Ihe conditions under which these Islands were toO'Doksillha.l atrivej at Ma'.i' and J,bed landedStates.Subsequenwtalsy sBeagtotioatCleon-sUarslial was receivedtest thefeollog,Ci-. re»;»nJ<nce of Ike yea-York Tone:butatthesametimearrangements adoptedwhich,hetrusted,wouldsecuretheasnadfetaytTuesday, May 8, 18»0. VictorISmahiixlleftFlorenceatthebeginningof IkeAiaaiioauvessels."FooilkWhid.sec 1' the can remainon their wtne—tkat is, ifas far as the GovernmentlUntscracking of postillion*' whipsthey could sleep no longir, for theytrain of vehicles which was bearing their King andt^net.""SS^.Therlaboringdrink It.For my part,IofthatStata,orfigoetl..n al ti»c* ot cocatr^, COB5T! jberBy-the-bye, which fast eoBftrradofaiitnii'o.iopTl|e«4*ty mi«»nSayeis.thereoognhwd tha OlaytoivHul-..T^ P:5tTTe,ttshjr.went thcneatoWltcfc^'ttfreJfcosnoH,Saturday,H«r12.1860.Iso, classes willthe treaty wasknaw, ratified byby Bar Majesty. With regard to the producOonheard B furious rattlinggreat countrythe Islands being ceded bythe present week.aad the townThree hundred i.iea '"''•"•«'•»'''or at l.-;aet in statu fao. Neither letters question very m-ich whether In thisnor passangars axe jiow takco ny th^t steamers; so or correspondence, were tbat itis very ditricti,t lo getrie*s. M^anwnlle, this JuUlen Medoc of the third quality, will ever pro- papers before the House until those ratlScatioos:'"t(.>B»ih»r vMh i.>r«f f»rb»»> tn»<f«-"i«l.veuich Iheelicited from the iron visage of a Sir Thomas deCarrdm. R OTiiit V«tBs'.cJgeDmicia the Nsw-Yoaa TiasssaUsfsclory,asfar aion the tens* on which theseofluyalatt«ihmeBt,it was these titles onMt-.OJCB INDIA *»•» CHT»».-'raBcs,suchaleader of the forlorn hope, by Into tks supplied by this heart-breaking disappointment, aad England been on a mote unsatisfactory footingthe heart of King Vicroa EMAsttiL from his salf-saeri- rousingpatriotserts tbat seldomthe feelings of Sadl for young David. There are those who would even assuie me that the King evinced some vexation, as he on his wayVicTOB EuABtnL-was very different from what the Turin papers repre-iBgarseU,coupled with tbe weakness of his sovereign and the -MlSCELLkNBOUS.The official journal of Borne .says the receptionplottingof the ministers of his country to sell Mt than at present.P. U Wilson. Theboaoiarydegreeof Doctorof Law*wa*eon-^Dlrih-place to Napoleonic treachery and ambi- Tbe Bourse closed flat and lower. Rentes 70.2$. |W. G.ferred upon Prof, Taaosoai W. Dwiobt, of th* Col-lion ? Alas tcesd linked withto tlieand valor J04 gave snch instinces-as may ment, and the cession of the Bay Islands toleaves yet something for us to Trleb, slthongh both ofquilo protectorateso much of late in the re- public paperadisciplfneenable tbe nation to reorganize it«eir, and appear in a comoaotuiiiiy to tbose who would enslave it.Beringsptclln; the concuctBe- member tna. in the North (Venfttla)wc have suU eue-and that the people lo theSoiitb when rid ol the Pope and the Bon 'bay. Will need your «ell orvanized martial example to preparefor greater confiic.s.renjnaitsof the batiksfoughtforyourcountryI\In that the Bsy UlandsbadHonduras,on conditionsinsuring theIt is staled tbat fifty Savoyards recentlyatuiciiedof School Officers of tbe Fouth to i;'-C dismissal of several taaabarswhatever. Heshould lite to know whc'bi>r tbos:of Finance.The members of the newly-organizedIII;CENTRAL AMERICAN DIPLOMACY.In the House of Lords, on the lOtb inst., the Earl of MALBBSBrtT Inquired whether the Under-remainedtwo only dayson the anxious toSecretary for Foreign Affairsany obiee-ArmyG. V. Baldwin. tSiO: T. tt. ilenlck, 8200; W. S, By,progress the leeling, snd, whatever may be his frame of mind the Important negotiations connected with the Cen-believe will ever be, staunch to tbe King. anlmportsnt matter, not so much as relates to theThe evening papeis pablish ano^er proclamation relations of those States themselves with Great middleto tbe of Adonlls and the Islands of baywasIt Is stated that ahis rightsraees, so thonghlecsly butchered by their huade, with respect to the King's advlsets. he stlU is, and I tral States of America were at present! This was DIrs'ee and Coda, In Its neighborhood. This biy, anIi'I| ,was pending lathe Papa] Government for the convocatioB oi' an Assem-Daniel Ba14win. »100.tliO; ^ ..Mr. HoTCHrKo* delivered tUe vilc.iictory, and taa audience wr.t dismissed wlih a bcnedtclioo by the Crtapirtiri.The FuuVth Ward Trncbcr»—I.eiier Crum « School lr,<pcriar.kaoke out into ajiger against t<ie authors of theand bcfoie night the whole Swiss contin- gent was InabUze of rebellion. So great was the Mar of the MTrteqv.pnces, that the Government wasexcellentpoaltlon,commanding the navigation lu the Sea, is calleii, by the English, An-suggestionin which every Catholic Poner shouldHer Majesty's dlscussioQ ofiothe late Govemmont and heofThe beencommencedbysubjects ikese.future excellent An ancient Greek city formerly existed on the shores of the bay, which the remaining ruins show to have been a place ofCanton House on the Gencvese froiricr,the Swiss Ward,thonid like to knowthema>le in the progress negoti-thoiilieslodgeda c omplaintations.dayof a from leaguethat wereit waihas bec.i qn* of the rnemberSiv" tliat the foUoarlos taaabaas'so,by are declared vacant, dating May IS, vbt.: V.modlfisdin beef and of Her Majesty's suhiecU m the Bay Islands,Fuaaiio*,aietaklagplace>mthesubjeit*i .t":Iuf(-jrloroi Schoolsclimate St,the .Guvemmant could net lay the^ frxais'Ve). TheerornVH^yi"progtWBIwer treaty.icc-no there was a debate ioParli.iment, which lasfeil Gcrrrnmentlaiitltdownas an init«pen««blep'.cis. lOn llie subject*!»fro»««»caonai«Mll o/ M»y. »t midjilght. 1; for kotirt, OB Thursday last, and wh«ib as- Uc n of the cession of the Bay lelajads tbat t.'ie Ualte^.in.Ue DttU'i JVnts describes tie depai:ure of the eipe.UUntitled Documentjondl-Tt'isgiaina»»of.;same timetreaty wtih Nicaragua had also been uonduded, buttbeSoolhern Italian character, if I say that they are not beer. She is now about tomahe anexpeiimeilt, and Hon<!uras to any other Power. The coniltlons of a quiet. At 4X o'clock In the morning, the loyal inhab- oompauiea t»i*s »t aIcU '>'-'^".•"''t'.jCo.•:.Til-.-.D«numirasgiag on the Taghtoaic dMjo*w;r«t5ljl«Mnottheyet,Congress ofMeuni Itaes »"*•«?J*Xr5' n;'..oi>p»H>eCo.^Ke.vrouldhave state ofIsGBABAii to the folio wmi mem'jers o( the Classthe other been ceded to Honduras. -If and if It ware dene cm the eondltkin laidwho wasdteiioe which wonld actually fire upon coiinirymeu, therefore, tbe youth whose presence fills the ranks of self, he thought It would be sultyhcect great and In tbe iniddle, and its lengtii is 30 miles. 1 he ed Minister of Finance vice Baroa Bsvcs,propaaaddown first by Lordhave liecn tbe motive, or how g.eat the drilled obe- lu the name of the reviving country I recommend, a of con- bay is 12 miles wide at the enirauoe. 4 milesprovisiontillyoffice.o( Co n- which was last year united'evtn thoogh it lielded afterww-'s to uanir.i reiiijise Sujo is the effect, I Ihlnk we may say, of o,.,)rcssivj Goiemrr.enta which set one clscs to hjld d;;wn zao- 1cur brave itrioy not to fall liwav fron^-tnosB ranks, but gratulation, that condition being completesounding.? are fenecriaols-e to the shore.ii falhiois, and from 12 todefinitely confirmed in tliatplacesW. SxiTu. PrincipalG. F. Wicxs. Second A»>ista!it'ber, anil tr.ake the loldier but an uncocsciuusTaol of tyranny.jesty's subjects In the Bay leience Hern the UuiledIslsndssgainst anyIn excellentpasturage. is one aboutPublicJdl»» Raj Moan. V^^ Prtaetpal1 !andBuiwerE. .V.Vice-Waub, PrlndpaltIIbe for one sujgeredidvisers, but will sooa re* sumeilsascnuauo.and, t.king the lead once more,show tbe way to a certain atd flnsi victory. , „. GlUSEPPIWJAKlBALm.It isopenItis to reestablish the Minis'^- proposedrathe- to r-lly clos-r ocder their able commsnders,entile lecoCTiitlon of the Ciajt-m-the United States, and the entire sectirttyTreaty by of Her Ma-to the aorth wind. there no Inconvenience. The cojutry;;tJat ViCTOa, wtosebravorv wayWhich istdUiid is fertile, and aboundsTbe Itlandoi Diwee, according to HossscEO, of the pleatantest snots Intbo Red Sea. It istwo miles ar.d three-fourths of a mil* wide. long,Tbe coast is very irregular, and presents many coses adapted for small craft, but no laigevtbsel can ap-:Ml» HitMrasu.,Mis*momentby pusilianivousinter-meice and'with the MinistryWorks,the newspapersCiabsbdos and afterwards him- byM. Vos Pl-sstr,api-ioint-Sites or other State aay;without lurlherdispute. «Xnglaad,alsoMiscellaneous. IntheHouseofLords,onthelOihiiut"*Um rejection financial condition of tha Govenunent.progress Committee with the Wine Uoanass bilUBullof ex&immanicallaB. The majorBsowhich arrived.may ba mora woiibily fisad. Deprived, Imt iia owa At_ CaatPB, Teaa were unaHeied. 'M. en the •ppresaion. It Is not the insurrectionary party in and this from British territory. Thirty Sir CsABUf Woon explained that the official In- errors or crimes, of the support upon which t1at'1r# ffBiiclag.It is tile dutr of all to encourage, Tha French drivingthies of find other tfcafeoplaobjectsuponQiaythecontract during tbe Russian war, had developed more lottcimess In' the vessels, and a total onfitneis for Inrther service.which the ba* aad with tlie re- Emgeror dectaied,nual meeting at Manchester and issued a lengthy re- imate withdrawal of the French troops from Rome of (he slain get the slayers indicted for murder ? When port upon their proceedings. The report clatais that 'con'Inue to be repeated. According to these reports, Herod was engaged In the execution of liia sangui- the Association tias already been of direct benefit to Cardinal Abtobmu Is certalnlytobedisplaoad ; but, in spite of constant predictions of what is to be, the French soldiers are still the of the RomanatTbe King of Naples has *ub*crlbed 1,000,000 eendlnary liglegalnelgbbor-been made to extend the for the of region piodactionPaiir, Saturday—3:S5 F. If.Boarae very flat andRentes wks SOBS, betng a farther decline of Meen- Hmes since yesterday.Colnmbia CoUece Iiaw Sckool. COHKUICIHEBI BXIBCISn AT TBI HAIX 07 TKSfaatasy would it have beent^e Cotton trade, and shows tbat great efforts havefor aState to have subscribed towards a revolt of theVr. Dun said also something about the Pope's recruiting in Ireland, and the thou-bereaved psreats ?sand iri&bmeu who have joined the Papal Army un- tion stimulated the American planter to those extra- teem to Cimtnlsk. Fear of assassins' knives wlllman tn America? Mr. Dorr suggested that Legiopof York. Tbe Host Rev.that pa;t or Italj which is f ee to-day should have, Titt, ould such a tnlng ite tolerated for the purpose of and Christ beforewithin -a lewalmost in alf;enterprise togivetheltaliinsto understand thatthe Government is glad to get rid thus of the saeepingsof Irish jails in this manner. Is he in earn-He a left Rome little more thanperhapssubscriptions will not acquit them of their duty; that est ? With regard to this subsciipEion, how long born in 1794, was educated at Westminster School, and Arezzo- He had ieachad a condition of extremeshort time, and wtih little cost;but that a few barrenArchbishopPrelatesince,wayPerugiathis Schoolkeen lost, and tlte passion only to remain, Is a very IIO.OCO, but SO0,C>0O men.under aims, tbeJatter nnmber aiding a revolt in France ? |cal Society, In the presence of a targe aadlasac, dlfferapt thlngfiom soek a people as the Florentiies being by ro mtans oat of proportion with the popula- It is my belief that the Sardinian Government has Having filled the ofBA ef Tutor in Christ Church, and ney, even Iq opposition to the judgment of friends. smdng wh>,m were many iq^bers of the Naw-Task as Bnssaas Tliere seems to be no real desire amoog tion r'tcat Is a proportion attalnea even by States winked at ^lils expedition of Gaiibauii, in erder to been preferred to Ine living of West Tytherly, in An easy traveling i»rrlage was obtained, and a couch Bar. Tba platform was occupied by the Faeatty ofefforts whichof tSe present year. Ona of the speakers predicted doplaceDr. of Loiaur, Bishopbeen Durham/fcas appointedcondition.leavingRoma,tohe obtained first-class honors in classics in 161S. gome Florencejour-conveniently tke of wbose notable ha iins which were made tbethatthere are Italian s fighting aaainst their oppressors, executing projects presented was translated to the Sea of Durham on the resigna- lagesecond mate oi the Americanbeen arrested In Liverpool for a violent assault on aseaman named Samuxl Adams. The mate was fined PUTON, Boston,to it by Lord Valsktia. It in that portion of Abyssinia which fell tothesbare of the King above mentioned when the Empire was divided between bini and foar otherblyisorsome Importance. About a quartertha ruins, there is now a viitage where excellent spiingsof water are found very near Ihe surface. Theat a meetlag heldproach within halfwith tbe S:ates and inhabited by ten or twelve families,ill our belief it wasdore ihrju.-i »the noblelothestaleofthe anderthe spotforasettlement Inreturnforof the Council.Empire,^^ ,."".'iwl!o alludedIsle Government,office the Clarendon aad Dallas Treatvto havedsvmlng\«S.;,i»»-'J'=v"; .>Ihvlei.'- 1 'r.:',',Xei«.lAr 1.I mlnulaa,aegotlationsthat before thaX QoreramantKmg requiredIsland ceded to France,the Secre France. It Is probable that the Governmentother the O'lSsUon,with eitthusiasm.of Africa was to>ntei Maditd oa the Ilthwas shown in expelUng !;,"• „.i-U.i.lty anottar. Astral America. With regard to tkenoble lord at the head of the Foreign oflfce had cin-tinaedthosencgotiaions,andtheresultwasatreaty,by which the Bay Islands were ceded to Hoadnras. DIPARIXM oy VICTOR gllASUKI/— Count MoBtsaoiLX That treaty had been received in this country and rat-ified by Her Majesty. Tha noble eatl had adverUd':: ,';."iu*sion and not those ofr.ot I s-n conversant wtth prevrU.the B<*ie his counselorsHe reminded tbe noble lord thatMany of theia suld iu Iheic""»"** Coa.ta»t;.onieof MAiassBuar thoughtsway.uponmeans -ckniwir (:»» -A" hsred.M-«<">«?''»»''»'"!•''"„'?,*P^.'-eyetri ^DW ibat Oo»ernBi#Bt re«K>gn.soprogramme, aiilsst beams.''outIs. He is upy riKhUof.Kteg ing to his,«? lr';'.-:,;.1!'i-1cCommerce, appointedsi Ru8bxi.'s mission to Bologna, :.a mile. The island Is well wiitered«'^and by gua'aateedtheuf foar female teach-AFFAIRS IN TUSCANY.PBOBABILITIIS inst•; J! did.'Uiir, and am it the service of any Oa»-ROXAH OAUrAia.N— FroBOar OwB-CoyxcsfoadsBUof wheels and spirited in their streets, andOrder Has «ee«wtlt=bed nuKi;v.nferaerbalalostoo Four Come's, aad e»to"d'^and wares ui a'faieweliThe Klagwatracslved atBulogaato treatr;•J*y.eaoaael, or rather obe)ias tha oomaiaBd, racatvad ^. Id -equal to 2X p«i caAtoKvor oft MOTBAaLagavanoticethatwhenthameasare from teakhtmsalfantofOatonaaaoaaag OavwrinenttaaurMesbadcoDsldaiaMrcame on fcrlla Rame, IlaparUduU. Hoaay easier.ad- weather, saboidtasUoa of Sir C. Taavxu.TA]e, Governor of *houhi natuiaUr 4anad, the Paoal Pawer Sdrivai} A GiMiiinkat tolegiam, datad Simla, koetl st, en.I assure ears of a Hoase ofCommons.you,scheme of Mr. had caused the Government WiLBoa,but fromthe moment that our Sicilian brethren threw them-. I fear that the end of tbe heroic GAaraAini ments were paid to the general administration of Sir own household of faith. Such aid as can ba furalakedtheto recall liim fromthe Govemonhip. High compli-itsown bosom—the most maa*hars of its IntimaleApril 24, says A dlstnrbaBce at Ptesbawnr. respaet-Ing taxes, bat branded on misapprehension, has baengrsaUyrxaggeratadbytheaewsp^ie*n. Allbqaict,sn4 people Mtjsfied."Tke itekBeT JVMtik ^(iMncen naebed Uverpool at selves into the struggle I considered it my duty toas- is nigh. Disappointed snd heart-sore, he has, it C. TKXTBixrAii, by Sir C. Wooo and Lord Puiasa- is uhcertain at best, and will but serve to ineraase4 «Week w si»», who both regretted that the Government was the alienation of a people which stioald be eoncillatad tka rtenoon ef the lOth inat. llst themA Oar battle- ery will be • Italy and Vioioa 's said, a desire to meet a glorious death, and to. T^ Arf tutted at Soatliamptoa en the altU ef EaaaDiL.'" >•IrfitMt Via QneenstowB. LoxsoB, Saturday, May 12—P. K.ma UUi-VHS 8ICIUAN IN8DRRECTION.STATE OF OPINION IN NAPLES. larcKTS noM Italy—cha»act»ustio8 ot theis Ihe danger in the first place of the merchant- ves- spoken ot for the Govemonhip of Madras.eompelled take the severe coarse they had. rather than coerced.it is likely that his fancy wlU he Indulged. There Sir HsBBV Wabb, at present Governor of Ceylon, is His Holiness the Pace will be convinead before longThe ttaitatenedThe British Mediterranean fleet wai cruising tia- steameia. Next, I tear tliat in Sicily ther.3 Is not the eritls, and would provoke a aetloos isase betwean tha Prelacy. The Romans themselves, as every for- to the camp this morning at Aldershott, whete theyIt is stated that the expedition was not to land in Sicily, but was intended to effect a diversion in Cala- bria.that paper Bulls have lost sU power to terrify.Even their ate followers, being Intepiipted liythe Neapolitan doty, m the Honsa of Lords, was regarded with much head, have become so harder ed in their heresy as to late>est,ss it might, possibly lead to a miniatenai laugh4«od satureOly al tha now impatant wrata aftween Malta and Sicily. material for a long resistance against a powerful the two house* of Farbsment.There is no news of importance from Sicily. The regular force, supported by sbipe of war. 1 have no A'Her Majesty and the Prince Conaort procaadad will remalh till Tuesday.—THI SWIS8 AVXILBKUS—TA- latest accounts represent the InsurrecUon as still doubt hut that Col. Teas, whose romaittic XaPOUTAXS liistoryticularly tbe purely ecclesiastical doings, or threaten-Tha fnnda have heavy.expeilescadafraah iall. TteHank*mataa.>»iiipi»<iiirr tfllu ITtie-Tttrk TbMt.continuing.at Cefaleo, some fifteenrb; al troops had several times attacked their posi- insurrection. In the meanwhile a sutucrlntion isThe head-quarlers of the were insurgentswrote for your columns lately, is gane with his ctiief.speedily subdued. It appears that the ^team-pipes fortunately, they are not yet able to abaka a£ I becameoverbeated, aitdtnat some com wUch was htve not i et met an Italian wlio stand* in a raoei-Rallsray •vary 'leaguesnear them caught fire. llous position towards the temporal, sswell as grossly stated that tke Slock Exebange CoamiHtae abused spirtmal power of the Pope, wbo is wllUag to going on here to aid the Sicilians, and it has been which was iovestigatlog the operations of Pcij.iHaBa, confess that lie quakes with fear amid tlie terriblefrom Palermo. TheMost ferventlystowed Illsflo Ihopefor su(»;ess of the Italian theFabis, Saturday. Kay 12.-The Patrw, ot Ihi* evening, cootaio* nam btmGenoatq the nth inst., stating that CoL ltaBia,tkefHend of wa* theOabibaum, forwarding preparaHon*for a second expeditlOD, of which th* C<doael vonldtake the command, and for taUog pairt in wbk:h d.OOO volunteers had already been enrolled. AUAaaau have been ptucbaaed ef the maanfactarera.wind, justbrewadby those bewitches in the Vatican. They are apparently leatnlng, at Isst, liiat bayoBets are worth more than bulls as instruments of^ chastisement. The new French General, with Ids stipend ol 916,000 a rakr, usually been a winner. An impression previlled promises to do a great deal for tbe cause of the Holy which I then ezpiesaed with regard to the A Genoa telegram states that the disembarkation of and In my opinion the cause of the Sicilians that securities for some portion of the embazzlemsnt Father. The oidb'-iyorets areto ba resiarpenedand •splcloni instirgents coming from diiferant parts of Sicily and overrides even strict legslity. Mr. TIaQnaAaT would might yet be discovered. Tbe Timet editorially pro- a large number of new ones are to be added, andthe Huose, by Dutf, potitbiUty of his having ineuried lossea on th* Slock •Mir erubed, after all. I told you, lait week, that There Is nothing authentic as to the landing of Gai- whether that subscription is legal. The So- Exchange equal to one-quarter of the extent of his Ihe icBcial Impreaekm bere was that the Goreniment iBAU>i^|{iough a report was current Uiat he had laad- licitor-General says that it is. I beg leare to embeulement It is clearly mtaolished that he had-was tilnmphant. Bat the latest news confirms theaecnracT of >Dch aa CDlaloo. The soldiers so plen- Calabria hadGreat excitement prevails at Geima aad Lmn'iardj', not say so, and no doubt the Newcastle Foreign tests against Ihe hushing up of the matter which the many moie Svtlss, German, Itish, French and other frops which quarters almost all the volunteaca ha«arat out seem to have been Intended for some- that an[ more than show. Pilrate advices from Faler- Calabria.in' Affairs Committee will protest six months after the plea '.' Guiltyproduce. foreignrplace-AspicycorrespondencebetweenLordJonsRus- isevenssldthatNafolsobhimself,inhischaracter "edatCrezza,inCalabria. ,;takeryfilace msurreclionatyrumored^ ot " is calculated torecruits bow to use them. It taughtcome: butitissaieited,however,thatthaeaargatte diplomatists will ask the Government to pievcat the deparitica of the second expadltiaB.-at Trapani. It was movement had takendiffer with himbut circumstances alter cases,Itrge Uansactions on the turf, but he is said to havematterisconcluded. ButwhyshouldthisDvrr,whothinks that the noble cause of the Sicilians shoaid be8IU. snd Earl Ctri, relalive to their respective of Oldest Son of the Churcli," has sent as a presentei.ce, asserts that" the Cabinet has been fiercely at voice of otiier warlike articlea. Ha baa also given vaiiacceon the Commercial Treaty, the budget, tbe permiation to some French artiliery officer to take franchUe, the increased locome tax, and the repeal servlcemsdcf tba Pope. How can these gifts be re-Irishes auceess to the Sicilian revolt, ask the ques- " "couises on the Reform question, had been published. to the Pontiff eight rifled csimon, thirty-six artlilery-Palermo and Messina were destitute of provisions!and Government had orgaLlsed a steamboat service tion. Hesr it, ye disciples of law" and order." He Tha London liotee, in an editorial on this correspond- wagons, and a million of cartridges, inih a small in-oppodtlan to the repeal of tbe pape%theeigner knows, scoff at and revile tita acts, and par-e ineonsisleneyofailowlnghissatelhtastoshedtheir ofadvancedBomanto In the Honse of CommosiB Mr. Diobt Sxtvodb invpircd by spirit. Aa long la tha Piodooa matkat* atocka wate amall and'i«3id.,«aadtaaeaofS)f percaat. AtHnagKawtta ps(..The Chfaia news wa* expaeted to lead to asla^araaaa la tha daiaaad far sUrer for frai* eapartPowermust ever be the same as «ua(ati«aira*4s.*kd., aa advasca of IVparaaabaltogethergnored. Instead of celling tlw opportaalty i^ Bnglaad.tiae iDtarast sotth*B lu doty, opposes tha nsave- m^ and, anfortunaUiy for tira Hier.les*meat with all Us might But tbat nileht at thiselased.The Allies were to occupy Chusan Imoiedlataly.people of Norttiem Italy, withfire occurred on board the steamer Prince AlbertI tliree Cays before she arrived at Galway, but it was ihgs of the power wtdch is over them, and i^ah, un- abare market* are decreaaed.honorary cyfusal recastly gtvei) to tba proposal to purehaaa can- non in the French anenal* for tbe Pontiicalaervtoe T It may be tbat these contradicUona ate only Inlierent in the system of cauiHbrlum of the Napoleon poliey for every weight that the Emperor throws into the liberal scale, something is added to preserve Uie op-and histhe not diHe him from his enlarged growthit.OnjwuiuntrymBn, livedin Florencewith ttie Pontiff does nothadtheaccompanied by friends,fbrand thepayof office are to Abtoxxlu as.sweetof and Prof.or instrocuon, Mr. Paxssb has come to close hjs eyes In Florence. Four or five have died here during the past six months. The thought is sadddeniog tkat the career ol Mr. Pabxeb is to close so soon. That in the matu)ity of bis years, and his inteilectualto a Committee of six of lu members, ail of the degree of Couoselor-at-Law, viz: SAjrrxL B. RoooLxa, Chair-man; HamtltoB Flab. Wm. Betu. Gouvaraaor IL Oftden, Alex. W. Bradford and George T. SlreM.Tbe charge of ths school was (Iren to Prai. Taao- nosi W. Dtiobt,—Fbaicis Lxibbs, the Profaaaar of BoUUcal Science. Muxxat. Naisbe, Profaaaar af Intellectual and Moral Philosophy ia Colaaibta Cat-ofbut bis desire towhich he has labored and for which ha sacrificed tils tutlon by volifntary lectures on soecial snbjecla.ofsent The King was to have passed seven days atbatof the Romagua, which he appeared verysoilof Irishmen for the proving very successful.Papal:possess rangemtnl betweenwbuout just causa, ^^^^ ^and co.:i^ii>'••,a number of au-l goats. On the declined their appointment lo Ihe Coiui-"Rome,atbe repreecnted by some politicalperson of note, for Ihe i<urposeJr;f e-<«rci.^;r:s In'.t Ihfat Turin. AUBTUfA.tending to Induce them to sit tn tbe, SPAIN.^^ ^•; it ..-.jdSo, movM»nl brotherhaJ»ia>>tir'. hij •Jii-vestisatc it. 1 consider it a _»ory1knew It w-as the »«„ ., »;.;. .. i .ui. I'usfian uilrigaes utvd .{.<juing c'i«T.in'«B of t-yn-d-wTurkey owe .s-l" oa the P„r!u:th1.^was bemg v..u«i.I'^!"'K-.,i.v;anfor-.ofthefamilywife'sTtr"V'rte riigh: a-. the'M-rslOTi Hotne,of Bologna,;tkPRICE TWO CENTS.*.l!T*<'.'?-***"*<^thaAmarioan paMaatabaaMw lied sntby tke Ptrsia. ,. withdrawn their itoek* fh>mdiTeblio. to the Raman loan.troopsitit:out the confided the details of its execution plan,guished m-mbers of the Bencti and Barof^naCtn*Ou Ibe 7ih ofSchool ;ioase in WUlUm-street,mc.May,PrinclpiJ F. t). .Cluiiiv.FUsI Assl*taat allot Grammar Seb^oi >o. 1; BLd Miss Rimuuis, Principal "(„^'£^.j ^no^t^^ ^^..'^t n:ie-»i> I*• '*« ;.„,.-; meetinghis.n.~»!<i,Freights- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 