IhaitiMsOfteiaaaowpedooinateain mymind.|inaugnrste a governmental policy promotive of theC»aiblaed Uaa Baraer ><Kesalalar— rapidpitchof the groovea, or. In less technicalatttendanta ware tbein tbe bait at which aCity.we werewe camesacred music 4ras not a looking waiter-girls.i**» IB- "^'llMklat aOort liia« a svbaoriber to you sre t<ying to do this. If sn, God speed yoa ;«o iiDdor th« impresswn sod I hsve dose yon a good service in eadeavor- co>t. length of its diameter can be thrown more trulyA CITY 8KBTCH.HOKVB AHD BOOTH.ward from Vissotui and Iowa, and of determiniogships of oid-fsshioned and patient study, thoroagh,««;,«uadtT. Uvak24,i8aaEurope.already been widelysaid that he considered•5 V»•*-a would not be tniobled with this : object, whenever a system shall be devised which Othirariae 70ladyCan yoawould be more apt to bite than at such a fly asnp down,any ap. Bardy'"''conceive ofanysaintor before we went>projectilefaiamj iigtit byaiail Bisrepresantatica,At aat the door of the Yolks* Garten. The concert aretolerably gardThat the institution Is notand every man to do bis duty, and seek no advan- and all tbs nobler rfforta of yoor pen turned toscraping their heads with newly invented angles. IH« WBITWOBTH CARHOR.with any mtnfoa that mi|^ I instiaction asd juvenile selfKleniaL Science made neymsn's laudable deai« to hsaa ».tare ; ii your satire wt-re turned only against the route on which a road to the Pacific shall eventu-Bastkisra Has AgmlMt traitors, and your ridicule expended on cowarda, ally be built ; but capitalists,—who now disregardThis new and remarkable arm is just now en- easy is the order of the day. Primers must take wumpuB,orawiot," did not meat ssUb lbcil on the troubled waters, yoa might in- deed claim of the Union tha reward of a trna- bearted son. Perhaps, with the liirhts before yon,be made toJack the Giant-killerpouringThe results havesgsin sndthe4raa «MeUy bdependent in poiilie-s aad isg to place yoa right, where yoa have dens us Uy^ndju«ttoall portimsofth« giisvMiswrong.The writer will fumish all who may apply with than a spherical ball, then a still larger proportionacopyofbismemorialtoCongress,andtheletter Oflengthtodiameterwillgiveastillbetterresult SaadayEtsbIbbAasaaeaieatatoNe«>Tark— fight Herethaaffiurteimln^fad. '^. Iterenaditaeditorialscarefollysince tlMv'Wa readied me, aod I confess that my mind kaa waTered batweeo two opioioDs. At one. timeTery respectfblly,THB PACIFIC RATLBOAD.and will do all in But this world also necessitate a shorter turn in A Sacred Gascert at the Talks' Oartea. Cockneyman and myaeif SBandhis power to promote such an interchange of opin- the rifle grooves ol the gun, to give the ball suffi- I am Tery fond of music, especially of sa- while in trying to win twohrO earti ._. „^ion and concert of action between railway men as cient rotary motion aftund Its own axis. Now to cred music. I like sscred music principally on nine balls through a hole in a laddeg^ tetrtfPPl*'Caaatractlaa.TO TBS BArLWAT rtJBtlO.of the times" aeen to indicate Hl - esBrtniaed to eaatcluda that joars was a that yuUic sentiment is rapidly developing in favorBmBcfvhBChiisheetM ^e farmer aad more Pacific ; that Congress, responsively thereto, will <Mi^McnM pkaaibl*.gress, and secure its favorable consideratioiL ed Dy the powderin order to fill thean4For, musically,—mMI apt to be near the truth, fnd most jaat toat other times al- mrmf part ol oar great Dnioa—,accomplishment, and ^ill tbrUi tliat yon lionestly desire to per- grant an adequate subsidy, in its Isnds, money orof tbe gan, a projectile of bard metal which will There are aix hundred and sixty-sis steam retain its shape becoaes necessary. The bore oftJoar UidoD that yso reallywings of gauze, It is needless to say tbat the— wish to do nethismu^ie;hiJMtice M any of its componeot States or people, i^tlkat af aa honeat m«D yon will be thaakfaland ninety-nine are now afloat.Messrs. T. W. Wason & Co., of Springfield,^_which yon may correct errors asdMass., builders of the Yicerov's stats railway car-sttach to this great public necessity, interest every riage, recently described in the Tmcs, are now St its sidesimpressions Cockneyman.,_.__.^t will assure itsfidl'— bodymyth, Before tbe Coaeert bad diMiedthefawhich shall be lease onerous in amount, and least liable to hazard from nifrs^ar<<s/ success.The national and poU<ical considerations whichand theand its fit in the barrel is readily made subscribercredit, upon the termsis fitted to the bore, not while firing, but before it is put intotbe guBaccurate enough to prevent the w^jste of tbe gases—To* ais aadly deceired aa to tho coarse por- citizen, whilst those aSecting our great system of completing a quantity of passeBger-csrs for Brazil. soft metal ball fitted while firing ;hour Ibad already commenced, and I could distingnishpracticallyasaccurateasthatofthe and it does not foul the piece so much as the soft ball. The friction a of ns as less obserrant of all (he laws of jnsuce be deemed officious or capiiuus in them to sera- to a hot climate, and the workmanship is of a finer round bore, and the beari-g sarfaees are all rillingmoderately earlyImy lmpi«»BicaaI write to yoa.ammi- at the BoaA toward* nnuffendiog Northernin ••,. ' particalaily caadnci*^.correct Andto Yolis' Garden are as followsT»«*««n« traveling or residing therein.Ton speakinterest to all concerned thereinand it ahould notof fhe ball is no greater in an hexagonal than intbe refrain of a popular anthem as I entered.railways, invest it with an addiiiooal and peculiarTbe seats are covered with cane, the ventilation is very complete, the roofs are double, to adapt them:tinize ever propbsed'^ojrt, and to apply to all thethen who.woold iNi., sfMattalis;from itsplicity it is undoubtedly familiar to the ear of all :& leto ibeAPRIL 1860. NEW-IORK, SATURDAY, 21,more favorable enterprises in some of the popu-lous States—will l>e too incredulous as to ultimatesuccess and profit to be induced to build a roadto the Pacific on any such terms, or at any such following principles: If a projectile twice theMother Goose death of Cock Bobin,— to the rank ofUr. Cheeseman l ilfa fruition. aepe Hy"'hiitssupportandexplanation;that 70T1 were trulj and booeatly en- A Hew and Feasible Ftaaaelal PnjestfiiKila will present an unobjRctionable projit to Con- ose a soft metal projective, which must be expand- account of itsnot privilege we paid three centa. Not •oceeaMfe^feibaBeTiag — iammiaa to foUoir thit strictly middle coarsebase.morally, speaking, the whole teaor of my life has this endeavor for the reason that theTheindi-iKoiae;moredaoger- ofthespeedyconstructionofarailroadtothe HBCBAMICSAMDENGINEBEDiO. allowittogooatofthegunwithouthav-"sigasNiw-Tsax, AprU !«,IgOO.in case of a short turn of the verygrooves,garden, ordered some lagM.padlMi^ to Thisdeterminationwas Inexaminingtheamusements,aadintbetaibotaft„Steaa am Ctty Ballwraya— leather Clatb— "streDgtbeaed bytbe annoanceiaent tbat tbeyooag sscred music-this must liave tieen played wWUWMtwanh Caaaaa> ere.vessels in the British Navy, of which five hundred tbe gun is hexagonal,aad hospitality than the Oamanche Indians or theAMean tritjes Tisited by MuiiGu PaM. Tou seemta labor ondsr the impreesion that, to ^ bom at«r kaif from the North, ia aufficieat cause at the The enterprise should not be retarded or pleted a steam city car, of which the local Press icaCy-fitted projectile from a short barrel, rifled larly sscred about this ;tests of ptaclical experience and an intelligent forecast.Fare yon well, my Mary Arm,much better in employedhearingeven acalledquality than that on North American lines. BTIAM ON 01t» BAILWAT8.or rotating surfacea, so that the projectile is rotat- ed with less friction than that due to the common"I am bound for the sea."Latta, of steam fire-engine notoriety, has com-riflegroove.Ur. Wbitwobtb has fired a mechan.It may be argued that there was nothing particu- but tastes differ, and itminister That the preach.gameTiroK—K«w, aaaudng yon to be honest, I wish to correct to be predicated on delusive or exploded theories, UessTs. Gbicx i, Lons, of Philadelphia, have com- complete revolution while travelling forward one Before tlTe music bsd well ceased, I began to Alphs,oHlt to joalify mob law or lynch ezecatiooa. jeopardized by measures, known by railroad men and persona interested in railways speak favorably. with a pitch of one inchtheprojectilemakinga isnotwelltobetoocriiicaLFaroBank is thelast that ;paparmaybui on thiscannot beauty, however,—the failure of which pleted a stesm-car on another plan, of which the inch. Tbey«». JffcAing could be further pom the tnith,— estimates or expectations,XMOani men residing and growing rich among completing the work at any cost, or the responsi- comes steep grades and sharp curves as well as is one turn in ten feet In short, the advantages of were women enough present, and many of them assistance of the Devil, his master, Itamed to 4|dl -of an•MlIImthoaniidsandhandredsofthoaaanJiof woniddevolveupontheGovernmenttheonusof trialispronouncedhighlysatisfactory. Itover- fretfouriichrs; tbeArmstronggunshaveonly tbefirsttimeIbegantosuspectasi^iiidle. There beginningofthealphabettotbeend,and,bythik-pitch1 into oar homes and hearts eiery day bility of its abandonment. required. Its cost does not exceed that of a com. the Whitworth are gunout Destmction.THB BOMAFAKTB8.Baanv-^^twist orM to be proof enongh to eo|nTince yoa. To Capitalists have hitherto regarded all da<a and mun car and its complement of burses and its run- rifling is easily accomplished with the hexagonal withoat the slightest regsrd to expense. Thereihia eridence what have you ? The lying taiaa of a aet of " woald-be martyrs"—the oewa-speculations ss to the cost, time and interest, main- tenance, operation, and business of a railway toning expenses are considerably less. Neither of these locomotives embody all the best and mostessential improvements and adaptations which arebore; 2d, The longmay thus be thrown 3d,and women in suspicionJ^y^ 'accounts of the outbreak of popular feelingsthe Pacific, too indefiniteand unreliable to justifyIt ha thrown without excessive friction, re-|l^'whan aome diaguised Abolitionist is discovered investments in its construction \nd they will likely to come into use, yet, with all their imper- quiring less powder, and straining the gun lass ;positively.laapering with oaraiaves. And upon this evi- only embark in it concurrently with advances by fections, they are far in advance of horses. Tbe ibsn sny other system. A three-pounder, laid at have a dead certainty—pointdsaea yon are willing to charge the entire South tbe Government in amount and on terms which street locomotive will rapidly improve,—wkka total disregard to all justice and hospitality. will make their investments, by a conceded pri- power will not iutprove ; and we congratulate our five and a half miles with eight ounces of pow- not to be visible to the naked eye Ithe Baltlmeve Faaally iraJaaOMHii' "^^/our aecosatioD ?fnm yoor own Police columns I could ref«rwill be most widely diffused over the whole lobtiies it through our valuable Legislature, in a miles. cotintry. a lotm which is likely to be far more objectionableThfre is, perhaps, no medium through which than if it were left open to general enterprise, un-^^^___^.^__^ WEST FOINT ACADEKT.allaad yMB men with forgery and murder flay say the Courts will not interlere in the South,aad there is a difference. Let us look at it a mo-Bant Suppose I was to go to Lynn, or Natick, or companies and the public will thereby be mutual- great value, especially to the proprietors of publicHavodiill, or even to New-York, at this time, and ly promoted, and the construction of the Boad conveyances of all varieties. It is called leAther- nenspapers, chargingyourweald feel.of du^t, aud not_untrequently,-on our democratic New VorK, alio skaU conatuute a Mlhtary Academy ; been spent, in this game, but our succe s was not wise and just.the " strikers" together— or else private-recent order on the subject, with having exercised sn arbitrary poWer not conferred upon him by law. Permit me, in order to prevent the public from im- bibing iaise impressions on this subject, to state the facts and the law of the case.out of place in a sacred concert room, plain for the benefit of the proprietors.and its ls^vs, as well as to thatBoBAVABBli'etdlactiDg—ly ta each I was to conasel them to bum fac.clolb, from its close resemblance in surface, finishtheto murder the bosae*, and ravithsnd to leather. It quali'.yconsists of cuvai ormerely thrown in tobreak themonotonyof the me are " in their views oftoriet andtiewvrivet and daughters, aiid aa an inducement, sults ;promise them that I, and the whole Soith, would from constitutional objections, snd from all per- varnish snd other ingredients known only to thethopt,an outline of a method which these re- promisesdepending uponthe usestate ofwhich you send a ball spinning among a lot of been, for many years, almost alone in America nila method which ispractical,feasible, freerequired, sized and covered with a of preparationand which he con- makers. The preparation is applied by heat, anu Ik-mes, and all they coald wish. And then sup- fidently throws into the cracible of public opinion, incorporates itseli with the cloth in such a mannerBymore than a quarter ot a century and but recently counts a certain number, which, if touched by theleoeivs them with open arms, give them money and sonal orlief that the re-elevation of the Napoucoh dynaa-the best and of tbe mle hope proepectLEATBEK-CLOTH.The Crockett Leatber-Cloth Company, of New-ark, after a series of long and costly experiments, The interests of the Government, the are pioduciiig an uphOlsteriag material of ver)in the Academy at West Point Militaryand I;country.rendered ceitain and immediate.The writer has recently submitted to Congresssnd the other amusements which bloomed in thecotton cloth, of a thicknessNapoleonian"— Idataiy indeed, haeo-private complications,i urns in the act oC thus advising ar- that it may be thoroughly analyzed and tested by as bever to peel off tmder hard usage. Its cost is abandoned—first prescribed 1 Certainly not by Con- ball, is placed to theposeaoo, murder, and rap»—would you, could you, any person or party conversant with railway con- letis than half tbat of leather that wiU stand |he gress,credit of the You player.sre admitted into the game on the payment of fivethat choose and ;ty offeredration and real progress of Western Barope to aataughtblame those people for hanging me to the nearest siructions or investments. same service—being but 30 10 35 cents per yard o!yoa help exposedtoo hastily. Tou htve iiever felt youraelf will be made available for the construction and to wear or weather, is well established. For car. the 16th of Uarch, 1802, provides tbatident. Andbywhatauthorityt? Would not yourself? Don't It is claimed that by this method $125,000,000 4ti inches width. lu durability, however The 27lh section of the act of Congress, dated;improvedanddices which these(iftaaip-postspeakthos idTaded demons, and can't tell how yoaby—est count takes two-thirds of thegreat- the bal-'theCorpsmoney,to the Tivoli machine. We invested to entertun on thisgentlemen might subjectequipmentof the road, at the timesrequired,and seal covers it is iuvaluable. Plush isalwaysanya miaate, my blend. Suppose you knew that interest, (or practically so.) although disbursed with the greatest facility. It is likely to come into uf trie Unl'ed States sball direct" — Divers stalls bsd unfolded themselves in the wise nor just in this matter, I have tberefore,ia tkeira Bsn in Park, your buildings, pub- the Government in aid of the con- yonr opposite — propriated byCuba arealreadyfurnished withit,i-ublic eip-ns'', ttndtr suck reiiulatioru as s/utlt bedi' a variety of articles, and the laconic intelligence,,judgment,But there is something so interesting and impres-licly proclaiming that these things were rightstiuction, will fully provide for the payment of thetbe n.'Cfc^sary books, iiuplements and apparatus lor tiie use and benefit of said iiietiiutlou."individual had the of privilegeback to your sanctum to write a homily on " Freedom of speech ?"—or wauld youfor 25 cents anyshaking a box containing eight dice, and deposit- ing the contents on the show-case, after whichwho was inciting your labor to bam andas of. lands, ordinarily disposedCUHBIKIU OAS-BORIIES AND KKODLATOB.A jet of gas under high pressure bums very rap-Tall me, weald you be as forbearing ? of the course of business and travel to the PacificIf a Bootbem man was, to-day, to visit some of —in many cases to an extent more than equal year revolting towns, where labor is demanding their present mail pay.provement by the Itetropolitan Gas Meter an'J lion."Burlier ofCompany, this City. And the plan The quantityand kind of and books, implementsA shooting-gallery next offered its attractions. Army of Italy, with its nnlindted and meMlfV tbatpublic meeting haa .expreaaed a sympathy whichwhUi you were exceedingly unjust to the 8outh> bat I have exhausted your patience on this.must, do that-— I CMmot fbriiea^ a word on another point theTbat in case shall enact the Congress —the to beofgas.!Cadet shall receive afrom tbe Academe Board, aftrr gomg ttuuugb all tbe clawee, be sbaU be considered as among tne candi-petty revenge induced the great State of Virgiaiaas a condition but is to proceed by in- precedent,ted to, and approved by, many of the mure promi-any corps,there sball not at the time be a vacancy Inwaa in pursuance of this object tbat heforced itsto execute these criminals.bean said in their twhalf—lor any criminal ? A man borneby a thirst for revenge, slays his neighbor in New-over a rough road, buttoned and lashed up in walk- usual ptsn>allantdaaepmpconlu :him,Shortly thereafter s waiter came to me, and in- crueUy WiU which nothing (neuhwaM>]FMrand more convenient and reasonable the Piesident.to behands <rf one of tliaasTetyprisnnma, dies a maniacobjaetiaq^to yoiir aogicatiiigYirgin'iamag-matters,andthere are in service not read, requesting me to name time, and place^Bnt if Yiriinia says ex- emplary punishment 1« needed, have you, aa anupholstered.;andtheSecretarymay weapons."TowhichIlaconically replied,made Napolio* insolent andfrom the suddandioek.)thecess,in what he called« "dwuBT." Heall that has not as much be saidstalments as each free mail contract is obtained and furnished to the Government.datesduties be may be judged competent to perform;andbrother LociB and her H.iBTXirsi inW a To daughterAdmitting mayif I meant to be that this wsa a freeaway by passion,until a va- l^d ofiended mPemnitdstodf,sutHcahtgtroaedre,(nsll sot be thst if Iperfectly willing natural affections and preferences vrere"J«"B*«?;not aThat every Company, whether solvent or em-barrassed, will discover advanUges, either proxi-about twenty-five per cent, greater than that of theordinary burner. Its advantages are fully indorsedshould considerations connected with the progressol Military Science render such a step necessary forscknowledging, even to tbe latest year of Us IMi^! his immeasurable obligations to tbe shrewd SHB^actually expended,Kaw-York City was filled wiih such men as I through a series of perhaps fifteen vears. use lor ships, ferry boats, stages, city cars, coaches Tho 28th sectioh of tbe same act declares that abave described, and on some morning you foand That tbe of the belt of lands to be kc. All the Bussian railway cars and in '• Tbe Srcreia»y of War Is hereby authorized, at the garden, with a showcase on each stalk containicg opinion, peculiar liberty judgmenttive to prompt action on the part of our railway .5?/*" '**"5' ^^'iie to perpetsate this 0BiOB T interests.supporters, are more comfortable than a bed toand the practice of a pure lo^c,what waapona 1 had named; buta lady in Baltimore, of a family quite aa 1wMrty-circuUted journal to effect this objectTenterprise, and^so de-embarking in a whaling boweTer, which Namlxos was then simply Chief Vagli""*"bia''bbthetob*would J V,-possl-"I had ^'Novrith theproceeds ap-maay also tbe Over- laiid Uail and Santa Fe route coacnes are coveredreasonable confidence that suchitcit*^ tl>c Prtndtut of the Unutd males, U> frocat* '• Every throw wins." On inquiry, I learned that perfectly impartial, is not partial against bim.wouldnot rather conclude that this was one of the realized from tbe same quantity of other public they will if it is cheap, be it good or bad.yon goprincipaladvances,maygraduatedsive in theof this recent &ct toof itsin price as to leave a su/plus eqnal to the sum)andbe soand with it. It is to be that our upholstered hopedscampskill your capita!, and hence promptly advise Mmthat he had better go South, waere such senti-ments found a response 1 Kow, Sir, that is allthat has been done at the Soath. We ars per- for the payment of the coupon interest on its increasing the waste. This is a bad feature, but tbe cbtabl sbed legulaiians IbereoL" fectly aware that there ar" in our midst men who bonds. — not the worst of the common burner—bow T To the next town, to go to work there 1 Ho; but with such a farewell salutatioa as willAfter a mathematical calculation,the fact that a man's chances for obtaining one ofThat the ^ree mail service over existing roads,iUflemtii, or lufanuy, or tnat may m future be ap-puiiited, as nereinalier provlced, may re attached, atikt iuaiUUK «J the Prt^idciU of the United states, as some of these prizes amount in value to over $100 ominouslyand over the Pacific—when finished compensatefurthirtyidly, and with an intense beat, whichcontinually constantlycoincident with others in tbefenealO|y 'years,wiU more thanriiutitats to Ui« Military Academy, and be subject to,and whom he married becanse be men ' that his advancement to higberstation andtoeoM^towere the implements in use, and "two pecuniary emoltmtenti, but for ingenlMui^kB^railway managers will use it instead 01 plu$h—Tne3d stction ofrthe.act of the 23th ofApril,presentation naturally suggestedn^ connectioos with the—the Govemtnent widens tbe apeitoie of the burner, thusof these institutions set forth the fact that ;(t gives a These legal provisions gave existence to the are all the time stirring op onr slaves to the very That the Government, from land sales, first comparatively faint blue light when the gas is un- Academy, designated its pupils, committed its crimes I have mentioned above, and hence when mortgage on the Boad as built, and contracts for der considerable pressure. If the quantity of gas government, in all that reUtes to discipline andtna excitable people find a feliow preaching the the free mail service, will have a perfect security doctrines, they take kteps t« send him away. But for its advances of credit.48, quently the player must throw either eigbt acesoffamilies,that the First Napolcok BoMAPAanwill receive, in their own coupons, semi-annually, an average ofI alwaya advise the mildest and the legal coarse. receipts will be largely increased from tbe reversal of burning. This is the subject of a valuable im- will be the " beginning of the end of the institu-That the Railw.syCompaniesly obscure,used is regulated at the burner, no waste cau occtir ; the common regulator does not do this ; the gas being lighter than the air, aud tending to ascend, accumulates a wasteful pressure as soonstudies, to the Secretary of War, under the Presi- ilenl, and reserved to tbe latter the.power to retain its members at West Point, or to send them to such other places, and for such periods, as ti himginger- or a tin comb.thacarry him to his own. Now, 1 never counseled, twenty-five per cent, more than their present mail, as it leaves the regulator, and requires regulating sball seem best. An& the first act of Congress contingency of his being strack by lightning if he manding power would be promoted by this maM^ or even approved, this course here in the South. pay, and in lieu therecf: and that their current again at themomsnt of mixing with the air—t. e , to interfi re with this prerogative of the Secretary^ stood in the middle of the street, we determined monial connection. NapuLkoi L vtas iM^sbtadte'adopted is very simpleThat they will own the Boad to the Pacific when inverted hollow csne into which the gas eaters depend upon the programme of study, and tbe pro-'sjb- sence in Egypt which msde his way dear aad easy to the First Consulship on his return, at bar call. Her rare personal graces, and eqfuaUy «i- as well as traordinary [lossession of the highest inteHecthal which a woman can exercise in her proper sphere, (as a loving and proudly-derotod wt^O contributed quite as largely to the events of tbe " 18th Brumaire" ss any of his unprofitable »ie-:He also inquired The proposed method has already been submit- out and turn over, in the top of a foul railway car, lU President of the United States, by brevet, vilth tne which I repliednent railway men and capitalists in this vicinityla aoch cases, do your columns teem with and this article has been written upon their sug- not exhaust the idea of repose and comfort, where- pany at tbe same time."TmIl .Another, famishing with want, steals your;of to the con- of the promise is aet forth in exaggerated capitals Here, certainly, is a wide discretion given to rtieyano. " iiaaijl rm thequired if I would leave the Yolks' Gardeii, to re- It was a sparedIerrors" of poor,'rrail human nature, gestion for the purpose« hisattractingbowds of mercy permitted to check the sideration of the subject the minds and energies of on the bills of rival Ballrosd Companies. A far Secretary of War, which he must exercisenor foe) for the accompUsbmeotceive a message from his friend. I replied that sacrifice was made on his solemnengageraapts of a domestic Battue would prevent Thatoradmtt&taUMi of the laws ?undbrIf we include the number of Captains in thepl^of thst hateful iparriago «IW« b*,;Now, Sir, I have nomen everywhere, interested or skilled in railwaycheapersleeping device for railways, has been found to bemy leaving, but that I would receivs aad read anythefirst in successionwith a view to the perfecting of thisto him. Joaowaa waa «i«r with him in that enforced misery •< b«^tolu^mooa to tk* mnrderan of her citizens, (even method, or the devising of some other which shalt a large reclining chair, furnishing an ample bear- Engineers, Topogrsphical Engineers Ordnance, message there, except a President's message.ttoa^ tha ihtw of ooa of the men who fell by the be beneficial to the railway, interest and advan- ing surface for the body and iirabs, with an adjust- which have been regarded as retpwroesehnutnadtrievedsanodt This reply was followed by a note", which I could 'guiltytageous to the Government.The writer, disclaiming any intention to discussthoroughly This is a good day seat, .and may betable rest for the head, snd the wholecompanies,thirty-four companiesunder the President, increase or decreaseIncrea-'ing power, and multiplied,"Now- It was my intentian to back to taunt her with cow- ably to Congress, by one of its prominent Commit- or by night, without getting out of the seat at all. lar military establishment by this number of offi- out if I conld ; if this was impossible, to fight foot to foot, muzzle to mnzzle, and get the firsthoneat•J*ce, or characterize her ewdoet si petty ra- tees, begs to refer to it as an indication of a senti-venge 1prove yaur ment in Congress favorable to the construction of dozen, during the last five years,,with the addition ceive the pay of itecond Lieutenants.bMdMwA^journalist, tha ri|)itAlmost any one of the car seats the cers, who would perform the functions and re- patented bynecessaryers should all be Kings, and ibonU aunj onitrtf*Admitting your right, dp yoato perpetuate the Union by aueh a eoorsa ?a road through Govenmient aid, and as an incen-of an head-rest and and arm sup- Now, it is certamly difficult in view of the law tween to teU me tbat he didn't know adjustible legBon, bsd, during his travels in.^•^entfdon one more ioquiry.or reflect upon the scheme recently reported favor-sleepinghisfor himself and tbe world tbat laia Ichangedinto an excellentchairby dayregu-here—harpoons."spear if I coold. My antagonist told bis go-be- daughtera of Kings. His yoante«grossing the general attention of scientific circlesthe pieces of professioaal textsinmentioned. Ur. Wbitwobtb has proceeded on thesing nurseryit a"eooteoaeding acquired any rotary motion at all. To allow atisement in tbe Herald, that a sacred concert was ning, I dettrmined go.sdene which I had - followed, entirely foifottaa^a"UaUway 8lcc|>laK Cntn aad Seara—Tha phrase, a fine or short screw thread in the barreltoseeinwhattherff-2?i** ,'^ ^ "se the vast iafloeaea ot yoor The bill, as reported, grants to certun named are thoroughly upholstered. It is as strange as it course of studies at West Point, exercised an " ar- that he could not consent to have his prmcipal tenant in the anny of the Preach BepaMfe, •£'inyour satire, (so aad abont one and one-half millions of acres of way Companies continue to exhaust their wits in rightful authority. clinedwithoutconsulting him. He was,that you do, hear me for a tpi»"*w* individusls a subsidy of some sixty millions of dol-anywise tran^ceoded; 'the fact is. West Pointpniut nndargo the perfectly wiUing to fight »i;-P"'»trate. n*o marriage—contracted in strict toa- formityjirith the laws of Prance and Mar^aad—the Apchblabep ta «h» onlypointed,) your ridieato, eL"?° ?,""' aenunciation, (so strong,)lars,land, leaving an unprovided balance of some sixty trying not to get up a seat which will make cars°* and he bad PTMcticedfeat the South? Why wi,i }ouleveling process which is now coordng throughthey didn't Ihurt much,rgiW us credit for a UtileI oat.a«cq8era a httle of », roug ? i, upro-^fforenee in ratesUnited States, who had recetvad hisfrom the Boman Pontiff A son wsathe prodne*i— yoneoiyoMtanJ'TonliAeai^tiHit campaignerswith their use; and. farther-,tbat no shaold come ing fi|*t—Uio'tafwor of woaid satieat the"railroad men"williftier hand, and the South to seek only her ownpower,^^- honesty, andnirff**"" «< dollars, and the invert- an abomlnatiaB. VfkMitery and ventilation yna scribe its Ui^ta. They are bettn jntfges of the uJpreaU,thibandbythecorporators. tBHWapnafortunate ne9.rtoblunderOB oofiayvriU inenasetbat it wasn'ta fn«?f en- waUingappiii^iei^ btar, HAPOtaos (*«•as«> farlunae IS neverCf^ff *"P^ but that he "-dnt. andTwowisted to anaal thst mairfage.J<W>n«fJI^^TOur high tower youof that union. Emperor)yeaia asChiafMagistrateofFrance,'justiceandlair- North to staraspend sixty.or ouae irll"'»'«of dollars to be fumishad ortolerable.the seats already, and every one of them ^at is not the land. Its pupils are willing not only to re- with them confiderably. MyThe intsrestsnmc elgbtrment of tfasof interest) to siaadi^n*r«^uponcall> bi «a hnndndUntitled Documentis unfortunate that inventors, car builders and Bail- bitrary power," orThere are ten times too many kiads ofthe coat of the subsidy to soft and springy whesever tha body touches it is ceive an education at public cost, but al^o to pre- indignant and repliedsettle tfaiaprabUm at some distant if not chimeri- pablie necessitiesagainst hair-guns, mere, thst rsther thanInthismea the money necessary to make cars fHeada aad relations ;4^-^ne«nwbIle tibiswhat he wished, with a certainty declaration of bis v»i»h would be Law;like a trout at a Juneeighty-pound— Aprojectilewere women in have a faintwas also present,and I that the woman in scarletwithout dsnger of overturning in the air ;ABestatcmentafthe ArgasBcat IgalaaT Imperial CSaTcrameBl—The Was Bmiilkaicure an alteration in the cmirse of study pursuedsausagesthe Amer csns mostly devoted their time to Tivoli,imexpresaedllifM-1812, provides that—Tbe Cadets betetofore appointed into tbe servicein its1st,rapidwere gotten up in a style of oriental magnificence,grooves,w,j.,^i<,i.lty0m '^^m^ pwaMSMVWii ^r^K^^'^mm sincethe grooves woold strip the ball smooth, snd to be given at the Yolks' Garten on BuoOay eve-walks of tbe**-^-aU went berry asm BBaiTta^sH&* -f> ^'A>'i^««0eiv*«^.<Uk«cihaMaa*Mi^*«iiJMtt t.iff•w>I Ki- .r»Bi;>^-T^- titt»'>.4. ft-y_,-,-^5c,*» jV»».-iVr.-^"J* iu; -,. :5model here forsolpdrioermso.tedTbotb.that neither he nor his pibtdpai aeoM fMik)«ftaking advantage of sncb geaeieatty ; ;„. ^^bad no desire to be bait, and ooold oM-jiUJmk!heavyBespcetfnily, Ac, Ecwabs Lbambd. to acquire the rotary motion, woald be imposdble been base. Accordingly, on noticing by an adver- smaller than the balls—we deaceodad totla les«Kof sacredfeathers and flounces; itH well-proportionedankles for tbe feet T sosppednote-book and bugl sions. FirstputdowneT1refrain is as followsbeautyto the moral health of tbe great many young gentlemen;City. Tbat it bfb^'.^"of the United SUtrs, wnetber uf ArUl ery. Cavalry, number corresponding with his throw. The pro- that we pause in mysterious doubt, perbnia TmThe burner contaius an apparatus, referred to in the law just quoted, must Air-gunsnara wages of capital, and was to inci'a your la-tMrara to deeds of violence, and you were to lynchUm, the whole South would say, " You servedhim right." And if such a scamp were to return to own stock over twenty per cent, on its present par containing a series of reticulations. Here its rap- for executive choice and regulation. Aud if theattributed this misfortuDe to the fact that the •' hair-gun had an 'air trigger." Up stairs there was an equestrian display some-costofthecoaibioedburnerandregulatorisbut timehavebeenajudiciousdecisiononthesubject, tedtomounttheplatformandseatyourselfona inallhismatchlessgreatness,hecouldnotfocbatf;completed, and (il, as anticipated, it shall be worth its cost) will thereby enhance the value of theirfrom the pipe, and by which it is deflected under the edge of the cone, where it enters a second chambermust be regulated by the time to be de- voted to it. This time is, therefore, cleariy, mattermeeling, with sanciimo- value. id motion ceases, and it enters tbe third chambernloas whine, was to attempt to excit& our sympa- That the retirement for ten years of a large por- aud parses into the air at a pressure which givesthy or oar prejudices, he would be hissed from the tion of the threatening mortgage liens of embar- the most light with the least gas. While the ordi- a mistake in his first allotment of time, no oneBtage or coated with tar and feathers. We despise rassed Coapaoies, will, in most cases, prevent the nary burner consumes from six to eigbt feet of gas would claim that he had exhausted his authorityx^mMmMj \,m^rtaj from our souls despise,such mean] sequestration of their properties, and by afiording per hour, this uses from three and a half to live feet in tne error. Nor can any system of sound logic thing alter the fashion of the old-time toura">ments. toiifs in the ill-starred invasion ol Egypt 4,the South, and in auadeihand and disreputable conduct Si^aotamanfromtheBoothseeksnowtotakead- establishtheirsolvency.publicSecretary,;vantage of the jara in your social systemHo subscriptions have been raised to sustain the the arrangement, and give the required contracts of gas companies, so tiiat there can hardly be any It is further objected, that the Secretary may, Each equestrian is furnished with a miniature tbat faithful and noble wife.".'mistake as to its value. Suchof easnael, and but few of exultation. That States, counties and municipalities, which unnecessary to do more than mention them. We graduates and, therefore, the strength of the regu- degree" free mail service. canae of your oppressed," and not even a word forthesight, by the use of a steady light, is of more im- portance in offices and libraries than the economyreferredby the act alreadyIbadintended to refer you to other points oa have advanced means or credit to Companies, and would remark, lyiwever, tliat the saving of eye- lar army. And this he of right may-nay, of duty ring,In the first years of his sscendapcy, aad of tta, absolute reign, (whether as Consul or Bspetet,} his gratitude waa fully testified in er^rypoMftt* waysndform. Oneexpressionofthla,wbe«te found that he could expect no offiprinf by ke^law, execntion of BncPBxaB and Hazlbtt. You take measure will prove a success, as it is notAILWAT SLaSPtllG SKATS.he delivered him- was his manifested and declared detcnalaBtisapains to impress on your readers that a spirit of dependent upon the action of all the companies,Peoplearebeginningall bondholders and creditors, will incidentally par. ticipate in the benefits accming to them.Whatisthelawuponthispoint?The act of the 29th of Apiil, 1812, sec. 4, providesand if dexterous enough bears itof his poker. In essaying to perform thisto discover tnst " turning down" at a prescrioed hour, sleeiy or no, crawl- ing into a slip between two boards, l)ing out flat on a hard mattrass with too little room to spreadnot in Dutch,beingit isfacts,to,ol momentum he spears at a small ironpointfeat,! was so unfortunate as to introduce the point of my lance into the lett eye of the individual that.grammethe bullet in the back of the boy that at-"Wben anyreinlar degreesupplied the rings. Thereuponself of a huge nine<omered oath in Dutchthat her descendants and those of his &thar shoold but inherft his throne and pemetaate bis dynasty. It"who can claim no more exemption from we three went off" simultaneouslypowersthan other public fiinctionaries, had made silently. Cockneymanand mark m«, time for the development of their roads, will re- per hour, giving a perfectly steady, full light. The deprive him of the power to alter what may at one For the payment of a small sum you are permit- Palestine. Selfish and self-cooceited aa he vra^woodenhorse. Atagivensignaltheplatformis made to revolve by the application of man-power,multitudes feel for the laborers striking for bread. mate or remote, which will induce it to enter into by chemists and the managers of a large number the public interest. and of course you and your horse go with it. ^'fallibilityfor comiDlaslon m according to tbeAmsterdam Dutch, nor in the other dam Dutch.in Eotterdamluehsse he may be ar.ached to it corps,«(A< discntion ofdisUsteful and repulsivato both those unfortunate young people,that theya person dressed in walking gear, provided they\ Secretary, in bis orders changing the time for the were barbatoos—not in use among gentlemen ble as the BoBAPasm. Jkbomi was tbaaa 1atthey in^ Vftniif sympathyD***'- te«Rprettiaatstairs, for we did not hear;commenceswithgun is eight look around for the beautiful attendants. For fied until he has reached Omega—gone from tlia ladyhorse- an elevation of 36 degrees, has thrown a ball over was, it Isid more than " skin " deepasAn interesting comntanie&tion in yavT ft^, per of Saturday, 14th inst, has attracted tte' $^deepTaa SBT refer me to sn instance or more where ority, reasonably safe, and largely remunerative— sister cities on the prospect of rspid and chea,i der. It is expected thst an eightypounder, at By good fortune I fell in with an English friend tention of som^ gentlemen who have long Mt miAm Btter..Dce of Abolition seniimeots has been hence the requisite grant by Government becomes transportation. Steam in the street is against the the same elevation, will give a range of sixaeft Admitting tliis to be true, does it justify through whom, as representative men, its benefits schemer has the sense to see its utility aud then ciples still further, will give a range of at least ten^ miles, by the name of Cockneyman, who is a regular mutually expressed a deep interest in the anhiaet the side jostification for the ezpulaion of some ciii- desirable, snd should therefore be made to parties law here, and is likely to be till some gridiion and that, carrying ont Ur. Wbitwobtb's princi- frequenter of these sacred concerts, and who of which it treats. That subject is the bftlMHit%7<m to the records of moat drba^ing and horridCrimea committed in yoar great City. What would this desideratum can be realized, and a valuable tramifleled by old logy monopolies and Common Atleasyfa to Chaage the Coarae nt Htady—Caa- mans and Americans. The former were chiefly this part of tbe world, the first clear H|bt 0*41?'yeathink of me If, on sach a baus, I was to chargewomen with lewdness and dnmkenoess,But youauxiliary inSuence be secured, preferable to an arrangement with parties who shall accept a giant by the Gov emment, as representatives, or for the benefit of the existing railway companies of thercM aii4 Ike bcemarr af War. TmttuHmtartftUNeiB-YerkTaius:—^the first aaMKb'Cjiuncils.aMovements are on foot in Congress to se- peculiarly odorous species of cheese, bologna of tbat fiimily" problem the first dbtiaet Hihi-''employed in the consumpUonlager, pretzels,long-obscured ^point Imperial " —kindlythroughfratermzationblue,white,In to the regardtloB BfToUuKiUsrtfUu NtwYsriTyass:volunteered to show meand of fhe AmMtMA ' legitinmtioBspeak I it was not there or if it— so;fighting anybody tbat waa pssfeetlyin presented myself but as concurs in^ibesa, tUaEtlav^The and sim-the walksoltheGarden. Ifoundthe audience to becom- branchoftheBoaArABTBfamily.posed of what my friend Cockneyman termed TourParisisn correspondent has fiomUltlFlii" 'alf and 'alf," that is, equally made up of Ger- you, and through yon to the intelligent patiie tiofand a of other delicate edibles varietyTbe commonleation is a Tery TalnaUe eaUsA^ the Secretary of War, in his Garden. As amusements may seem somewhat bution to the history of Europe, of CMiitamUM;'bave noticed simultaneous articles in soode of thebut by the of War, under tne Pres- Secretarycents numbercivilization and a better perfectly good) go*«ament.not s All tinbe''evening.Tivoli islittlegame,presentany may playaninnocentinand of theEuropewhom was the period of four years—in vogue pins, holes and traps. Eac.1 pin, hole and trap in the republican world, in their opinion asl V»-'CoaRy pnja- suppewd are in fsvor of fSir^ " Shall be bteioned at West Point In the Siate of several little five cent pieces that had never before LXOK in. At least, they have believed bia tnily— full of Engineersancegoingin money.But that is not the case, you will sjy, of a man That the cost of the road will bo only the money railvtays, of vermin, and, it may be, damp. The :iri0 tbe Eugtiieers, AS^istutt-Eijguieers, and Cadets in instance such as to encourage us to con- In endeavoring to express to yon an o esiwho merely Abolition sentiments. Stop expresseswithoutaecumulaiion ot leaiher-cloth is water-proof, and be cleaned ul sard curps. siiali te fauciject, at all nine?, to do du'.y any phii may ;l siicb places and un suua serTlce as tbe Presideat tinue tbe amusement shared byoihers,that he has shown himself neitbeT—tbe winner the individual thatmakes theI will ex- They areof theor Napouoh familyTTkope who have read B lAdl;the last sixty diead, as to the possible results of an event aoprietorsbut examination discloses the fact that these valu- of the same family, and yet brief djmssty.event be is entitled to theprize" placed on thehistoryof thatfamily daringyaar^able prizes are placedgreat Empiresor eight sixes to win anything intermediate numbers only bring bread stilJJ, a set of brass buttons,him awhich he won the glory that gave him supremacyover other brave and briliiaut men, to a tee- manyihese miraculous prizes was about equal tonot to invest and passedon. JosiPBiNX, not merely for tbe coaaeasA^'lim, .''1(tfrom perfectly familiarthe first letter in theof yoanf bagrsnceof thathitherto oniettne."**tdieon number 8 or conse- It is s fact in the history of aaitworth aa the owed bis wonderfully rapid rise to the poailioa fci having,which disclosed man, who married him when be was comparativiKWe determined to agement of his interests in Paris, during Us shoot. Cockneyman shot first, and succeeded inshots cost enly three cenU."plantingtendedthetarget. Thegunmadenoreport,butalter the number of lante, and after his steed has attained a certain;personal. country,I wasingattire,is,onthewhole,aconditionwhichdoes emaonrceythanouetupernnmeraryofficertoanyosecom- toacceptanyapologywhichhemightmake. sacrificedtobisarbitrary,mereileaway on theagement >«ise coimsel, aad vigilant derottoK tfand marriage mutuallyQcockney *« waa aelemnized byoffspringaa well as% tb»M|M'^ mjgambler's alphabetwhen airidcj^ -be is notgenerally aaiiB}of and aI'#»*1if not 5«>««>g;U ¥ IH»landeven grave legislators,thatfor France*>"BepubUc, and by them aU implore every secUen•laally seductive, in bending the bodies of their an- lesa caotioas than their predecessors, have not%tw>ate ptMsenien into s»w «aiit«rtioDs, wd bMlMedtojoiB iB a cnistde against tbe bard.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069eff, he would fight2J""L7''°''' .'"="gloriousmemoriesof earbnUdincfntmiUt•Partiesenterprise for the purpoaaof road eastward from San TlVNiieg!, t«l W|lt-the man out bis second, or aaywhoseeyeput• -'^^g*- ^IS^isamy ftHmi^m ^\ofI had one to tho garden, andth^m0i»"'••'-''^''^'-•- VanrnriiTa^ailiriitfiwww.fultonhistory.com 