 paitmeat.chargedCity, as those of our readerstake a pain-—them,Two Americans have^If' ••^^am^t^mmm^"'^' rmctnk«nUtimttm tliiAiMOTJA. Oa.JoBwoB, Jndgea XnaR and Wamb, Mt^aX nUBf t9i^ 4tftitan ttif^^J/iiltsupported, AcademyItiasPATTi of MusicdcnoaadBC the SeeesaloD ateumraAmerica every man reads the newspapers who does sot with Horiasi, that the " ualities agree~knows how to read at all, or who is fit to take of the drama ds not harmonize with the imdis-part in any judicial proceeding. When a great turbed freedom of the singer."carry -r-ir to fire aaother eatabUihment of Mi. Daaaaa at KA-way at the tame thne.caoveysdCiliiturtyingpublic good,"it would haveappeared,,associatesbankwhichranks«»* ailHA,m^tt4<*<t»^ '""^rfT^proceedings," with short biographies of thethat the ", *'our."S.4tlU KllAre'8 THKAwi-A« 9AMDMM M»t*ltrevelations of tbe basest political and present qualities could have wished . To-nlgbt,» Bownry»MilMMpB» AlWiMW HwFiflms-UJUilUjmun'B Kianu brrar 7ALA0B SAi^QUt—O. «t BBOA>WAT-rur. Jawm' Ibsiau Kru- nBITH-STBnT AH» FOBKW-ATMfUBbiai Oram tbem down^Mr. Douolas' throat,"bustled and jostled, and pushed and squeezed by a mob of gaping idiots, on their arrival atthe enlightened capital of the Union. They will go through a good deal mure of this sort ofthmg betore tbey make their escape from Wash- ington, and may find their natural instiocts of decency grow less tenderly seOsitive under theshoulders, as the Liverpool brokers carried Tom Satbes. Indeed, they do not merit the pleasureaearty B79S,oaO, to a certain party of (av»ille% w!^ out adverttslDg for Mda.mui*t-m«. m buabvat-ekom-ties of the Government to discourage. But inartist, wbo iaalwayseverybodywhowill be examined to-day, after whomloafers," the dlslinctiun of taking part in an exciting trial. What the re-prosecutionthoae for the defence will be prodaced.The trialsagacitywith which the City deals should he strong wbo lie in order toprocure—A Southerncia Boy for the sum of $10,000.the Beni- We should notCnoUbs tb* Ctt7leador.to tba proteetfon of the higher powers,tbeand carried from a with tbe first of its class to one of•u PttMfiMo daaRtMMspMtanjmSw2«Omm, w»nti at UM ofA better-abused man has not HetOiy. sf-^OAUFMUnA U vnUUlnd OD thetmmtt, Pcie*,U vrtppen, taidTue*.Mr. DonoLAs' spiracygood"is concerned in a change of ttiis char- has literally "foughtthe' to «ki rnblislienNiw-of other States,instantlyla caae of flagrant insult, renders it doublyAnn. Of Ho»o»-is an extraordinary proof of the politenessLens, Tasaday, Hay liw 'tte'^bsft. teen, says lastrncstiaae bave bsaa Meaisat sTMrtTiuiant fB>ATBB-D«TO>'lOAK—ofare any people in and about that refined and se-questered region who really care for the Opera,aad value the artistic powers which alone make raagets is organlxlDg at MesUla, aader tbe the Opera possible, tbey shall present themselveseovra.'S oauubut—«o. n» bboabwat—p»«i»aii OARaiBoit,therefore,reaUy represents the North, and if Mr. Datis and Mr. Yancet really repre- sent the South, Mr. Douglas certainly occu-class our worthy Mayor belongs we do not crime is committed which causes a generalOUtaary. •RATH or A 'VBTRRAR REWSPAraHKWB OF THE OAY.to decide, we hardly thiink he — pretend though sensation, everybody reads the report ot itBlinor Toytcs.aa to ti>e candi- £••, t)K>a«hs,the frieada o( Hr. Sawaao are sup-ablyneaaad br uacoanixed msjoritjof the firm of HwIbeHew-Toifc 'Benator as hopeless;while theyas a " cast away," either by the North or by the Sonth. He discipines"trate bad resolved uponalittle monici-and Ohio Railroad, la a special ear ftwM tM eaby•dadt «*^' aaf.otbsi woald atiaight BepublicanimpudentCompany. Bandag_^^^^^af a Weatera Stsaaeraka auto •work. Theing citizens know or ought to know, is not theaecrptable. It Is thonght that Uessn. Basa Bad McLmaa are dearly ont of the field ;palCitythe the event of the non-success of Mr. Siw- ownSecessionists," with twigs cut in theirtalking?" We haveMr. Cole then took him aside. Into an apartment of the Kings-LonsviLLa, Toeeday, Mar UL Tha steamer iSileer Star, from Evansville ta^^hABS, Mr. Wans is named as next in order ofand copses arraysprabaUUtT.In As United States Senate Testerday, Hr. lar proclamations and legislative acts, to prove3>ooai.aa made bis promised speech in defence of that the .Etoutb, and the whole South, deliber-sponsein thenegative'Padaeah,barBedtotheIsg, at Curlew Coal Mines. Five Uvea ware leaC Tbe boat and cargo are a total loss ; tast2re4 lor twa-~Apflaaeblag Adjaavaaraat af the Oa ParllaBeat.and in dennnciation of the araan of the aBcedeis from the Charleston Con-ppaaunder lock and key himself; receives allrmwilsi BoTcnfaignty,ately accepted in tbe person of Gen. Cass, and ftatkm. Ha tiacwltlw origin of the doctrine to in the platform upon wnich that statesman pre- Oeo. OaM. nd tha campaign of 1848; shawed sented himself as a candidate for tbe Presi-to aThe citizens of the United States are the best man to do business with. After this experience,thatit badbeesfaicorporatedintotheDemocratic thosePlatfan, and that both Messrs. Datib and Yav- dency,CWX, wbo now coimael a dissolotion of the Demo- reignty, for maintaining which now as hejurymenand thus checks the final expenditures, if he that they do read newspaper reports of crime under the delasion that Maryland is an Abolitioaeialfc Party baeanae af the doctrine, then can-Taasad aettrely far tbe electiaD of Gen. Caas, itsmaintained them then, Mr. Docolas is charged vrith treason to the South nnd to the Democra-the authorities, to whom our civic destinies areevidence tbey furnish, and do form an onlniondaily extending itself; but we doubt if it be sus-yoimg ladytoo far south to tiewho nether appreciated aor reciprocated them. ever, disappeario;, and It Is booed news will sooaDeeming life thenceforth a blank, sbo procured a anH regularly be obtained off rhe Cape.•ntber. TheafMchwasloBf and efiectiTe; andwaa Hstimt^ to liy a Chamber crowded with nota- cy. Tbe aathorship of these doctrines, asfrom time to time confided.It is this habit which readersMJitiea,aDd b^ inaffibers of the Hoase,who de- sertedtlieirownChambertolisten. TheHousejudgein Uniontown,Severalicebergshave for somedaysbeen taMr. Douglasacted upon the UeUgan contested seat, awarding the Democracy shall or shall not choose toJt to Mr. BowAUt, tbe Bepablican claimant. Ofice defalcation continnes unabated. An inves-can avoid doing it, and few intelligent citizensis on into the nffairs of the office, goinggroundchallenge,realityBometer to<lay 43°.tigafioDwhichprombesto develop additionalfrauds,andexasperated of disappointed partisans to pre- ""where the of love are unknown- pangs unrequited"Wbo is it that says Hen have died and wormsBaataa Capital StockWeeklymBaakBoSToa, Toesday, Mav U.•36Jin,I«B •l,744.«t t3tuam 8.MS.T«I S.ais.SK 20.7:'«aM 70,T«0,«i»'to implicate several of the employes of the De- tend that the disruption of the party is toof theBtateweauces attendini the death of Bobebt C. Uaodonalo,theBnr'ererofTiaoiaiABrrwAtT,whocommit- conditionofourcountry,theyhaveabsolutelytamcius Police war, Mr. Stout, then Cb amber-clearly enough. Inshort,theonlypointonwhichajurymancan be examined not only with any fairness, but with any utility, is as to whether he has formed such an opinion adverse to the prisoaerTha City Cbamberlaia. ; ;'ted aaieide on Monday at the City Prison. The in- no alternative left them but between hostile"seaHgatioa faBed to develop the agency throughpofsoaand tbe arbitrament of the unfettered popular advance of four hundred thousand dollars,had been obtained, although tbe legislation by CongressHarkeu BAinaoas,for interment.;formed no opinion, as when he says he has formed an opinion which the trial may change or modify. The thing to be feared from a jury- man by the prisoner is not so much foregonenaged.Preslflent-makljig, and of course no official astioaand DAKtiL Edllitaii was sentenced to tba Penitentiary forMayor •ill probably refuse to sign a warrmat drawnthat we on Nr. nben he ooes not recoKoize him as selves bound, in cumpMan.-e with tne expressed pral-apleaofguiltytoachargeofforgery; one year on a similar plea.positionwhichtbeyaonly yearagoStoitt,Chamberlaui, or tiis Bauk as the custodian of the Ciiyereuceof our State Conveutlon, to cast their vefa* for me. I need not say to you how profaondlr graS^ ful 1 am to the Democracy of Lsuidaoa for this laat and liigbest evidence ol their eoaidaaee and attae^ ment. It will be for me and mv children taebyCnniptxoiler"The OldDominion**CommonCouncilandWe ventured, in commenting some weekstbebospitalilies"chieflybefore theMr. Piatt appeared ;rsterdar Deputyrenewedthe which its inauguration was commenced, by a dinner last evening at the Metropolitan Hotel. •Jr. PsTToa, the Chairman of the meeting at the Cooper Institute on Monday evening, presided. !Tbe gentlemen oresent numbered about two hnn- «lred The occasion was one which gave unlim-ited satisfaction to all who in it. participatedbrotherSocietymigijtwitness for hioiina civilMr. Wiaawr.wiih nis bond»nieri.bill t'lai official du'lini-d to a^>ucIle the respoaslblUly (wlcaoataelres wlken HI^2F^2^S3^£St« travel in tbe air—end noiie Icnowwheaea eventually to crown his efforts vrith sacoess, dafaifiiliy' defies tbe Toiin to ik^tS 'it comes aad wUther it gbea. WafitaaameB (he fand» of the City wobld be traasferted iigur on tbe BeformMD. Sir Jobof m and mvBtbein some snchway as this that the from the keeping of a tried aad proved oflicflr elates that Enm JatOA Or 0., inntm ._ !<tIPi''~'*»'>*'^"«S«g"if^dr8%li «A«io>AL mioa mtrvmuiuM waanMi.rightsit,preaented byof Southern wickednessplyiogas ^earduous combat nears ita finalround,Masmmnfui^rinfi JM^.I^Mrenis nutyi; " aaOf Oa i,'---1111111the Maada ofexeuae^ ftir the stnagtit of the Caitb vhiohcbampionairi~atherefore, be they evidMUy nipoaa in the star of their;If to be Tillfied is to be recommended theEnglandfirst, was mali-Tkop4nm«iH|„^ '^'^^*flenatar fhmi niinois is decidedly incertainly in-men werecleverly stopped," hotfightreee&tfy been known in our public t>ea* aMiM* (te ItrsDgir Mn. The fanatics of New-Bngllnd and$1.600,000; its specie reserve.eup smning."ticn.tha eecessieoUtspeeing in nothing etee, agreemen,andwiU^be prepared for Mr. Vair Tine andThe Artisans'nal capital of $600,000, bad a specie reserve ofspiritcome to thne" throngfaout one of the severestChailesiM, and f.Torln, tbe BaUof the Gulf States,of Popular Sovereignty.of the Anti-Slavery meetings which took place in tbia City laat week, Mr. Garbisou held up bill for the punishment of con- in one State against the peace and as the last and most devUish invention of American despotism. He called upan bis followers to meet this issue tlie Western Senator, in defence and was in- stantly answered, by an enthusiastic female disciple, wbo lewpei'np In the aisle and cried oat that if " Gabbiboit would get a bun-bis colleagues. warned, forearmed."Fore-"a young girl, in the flush of her firstTM ^^'tbe championopertticmUls" ever known in New-YoriL StiUand lamentableIf— havea ^TheyPROPRnOR. BAtnaoEB, Tuesday, May U.pies aTerylonelyUpon this point, however, the Democraticremarkably pleasant way of know how, he is not fit to sit on a jury. So doing things in some sections of this great andTh* tHr'''<rr*' •t Chicago, not only of delegatesbat of iatanated and Gorions ipectatora, is large delegates who rallied around the standard af comes, no matter bow emphatically he may tl.at thegloriouscountry. AnindividualbythenameofThe venerable Tbomas MttRPET, fomerty far forty years one of the proprietors of the Bslttaan Amenam, from which lie retired about sevaa years since, died at hla residence is this city this , tabeyond any nimrfUnt in the bi>torj of Nadonai popular sovereignty at Charleston till they hadhave taken bis departure and ;passing throagh Kingsville,by on a criminal trial, by the prisoner'j lition Btste within the hearing of Hr. B. Franelqi tbe 81st year af als aaa. He was eonaeeted wnaGflweatiaaa. Ho decisive opinion seems to be ex-panelcounsel, as to whether he has read the Cole,Boralagsucceeded in hopelessly disorganizing its op- ponents, seem to have entertained some seri-to be tbe moat Bomeraas and most perfectly ous doubts. That Mr. Dodolas liimseif shares poaedmniaid. nwmMOitenofothernimea arenever- their scepticism his speech yesterday, deliv-.tbdaaa wgentln tMr pnteate against his nomina- ered in the Senate, pretty plainly proves. In tyitfk aad eo eSttaiD of Us defeat, that it is by nojmens ceitaia tliat a majority will be found this speech, one of the most sharp, pointed,Av Um aftv' biganlzation. The PennsylTanit dear and positive in tone which the energetisJBlmithwi. #bMe opinions it i* of the " Little Giant " has ever delivered, Mr. Dotro- iKaMat coosaqBence to consolt, represent<ha i-btf** of securing their State for LA8 distinctly declines to be considereddoes hea formidnble ofSouthern speeches, and resolutions, of popu-financial officer of our Government. He does not wear a gold keyem- broidered on the tails of his cuat, like his Earo-;batteryleastimportantCityhardlyever read or heard a re-very doctrines of popular sove-practically applied in politics, is firmly fixed bycharged by one of the best known and mostci'izens ol Mr. Andrew respectable New-York,V. and his choice theS'TovT, by moneysof the City have t>eeu deposited inupon Gen. CassThe exdreoMOt about the New-York Post- compoimd its quarrels at Baltimore, it 'will beto gointercepted. They are, bav-difficult in the face of thisspeechfor the mostthe Shoecertainlyfar ato select trigger with her toe, and passed into a world.;The A»sistant Postmaster, Mr. Cald-wsix.resignedhispostyesterday. Adeficithasbeen discover«l in the accounts of the stsmp-derfc, amonnttng to about $2,000. Mr. Fowlcb Mr. DocoLAS might have traced his great seem to take any interest iu them at all,) do biu not yet been arrested, and his whereabouts isnot known.portion importantpopulation of all the dutiesperform attachingbe Illinois.to the account of the Senator fromwho matters, (andhave eaten but not for love ?"principle of Territorial policy, atleast ia theory,always per-State Courts baa done more to delay and coa-pleasant to think that the eccentric heathen that Due to other BankatinDatton of tlw trial of Hicks alias Juaiisoa, of somepostprandialter," prepared on scientific principles.Natlanal Exlilblrtaa af Harsee. Spaisariii.D,Mas<., Tuesday, May IS.the alleged murderer of Capt. Bcbr and the mates chanan's Secretary ol State. Edward Lit-municipal officer,crimioal code. In cases of importance, a juryis hardly ever obtained until the panel has neenso strained that nothing but its dregs remain ;a few dunderheads who pay no attention to the Two Sicilies, with the Princess Matilda, SbUIdk af the Steaanhlp Canada far Barapa.of tbe sloop E. A. Johruon, who is on trial, on the IKGSTON, of Louisiana, the profoundest jurist time, could neither collect its dues, nor£r8t faidictment against him, for robbery on the whom this country has yet produced, pro- pay its debts. At Fuch times it is ot some im-bigh seas, tha penalty of which is deatli. The nounced this principle an inevitable result in portance that the Chamberlain, upon whom the—A Muiuch letter states that the marriageexamined fourteen mote witnesses, whoae united testunony bore very strongly againstprosecuUonthe prisoner. Tbe remaining witnesses for theBosTos, Tuesday, May IS.The European mails per steamship Canada will cloFe at 6^ A. M. to-morrow, and she wlU sail at f o'clock far Halifax and Liverpool.Philadelphia Brack Baard. PaiLAnsLPSiA. VTuesdav. Hay IS.Stocks firm. Pennsylvania State Fivea, 94|; Reading Railroad. SI ^ Morris Canal, SS LoagGovernment is thrown for funds, should be a The man ol public spirit enough, and that the bankCoroner jACXMAa, to inqaire into the circumstan- now be blind to tbe fact that, in the present his former administration, involved us in his vealsfourth of the Duke of Ba- daughter Maximilian,varia, snd sister of the Empress of Austria, has been officially sanctioned by the King of Naples. <j|our political practiceacquisition ofanything that is going on in the world beyondmore thanof events has vindicated thetheir own counter, or afew"'Which thewaiter of the Metropolitan Hotel, who has beenemployed to carry the suicide's meaU to the pris- will in those Territories upon Slavery, in com- made without interest And the account of on, deposed that recently he bad been offered $10liy dec^ued to obtain a dose of strychnine for him.Tlie jury was of opinion that his death had result-ed from' the effects of kreosote and a preparationof opium, whicfi had been taken for the purpose ofnicide. The body was placed in custody of his men are by no means blind to this fact. It re-IHends, who purpose having it embalmed, and, in•ccofdance in/ft <be last reijaest of the deceased,the "by Telefraph. Tneaday,mon with all other social institutions.the City, though often overdrawn, and once tohe has not, thereis,-The Loui&ville Democrat, in an article which we yesterday quoted, declares that all SouthernMess, $18. Waisu,bukes tbe " Charleston Secessionists " as dele- gates who went to the Convention, "not toit.anyHisownwordis theThfre wss quite a large gathering of the friends em Europe and Asia, and bad perhaps reached As usual. Mayor Wood, in seeking the " pub- of the African Civilization Society in Shilohin denouncingAt one$8,000,000.Bank,with a nami-"MhB. A. H.State Cenvsntha.of theforty years ago.Louisiaaa,progressof the great lawyer, and it is something more enongh,wearytoCoaiptioUer Haws has instituted proceedings to make, but to defeat a nomination ;" and avers that the keys of the City could hardly be inet asUe tlie judgment recovered against the City that the people of the South are not prepared to In tba Wastiiofltao Market controversy. No argu- call upon " Congress to give protection to amant has been had as yet.Tlw District-Attorney, Mr. N. J. Watkbbitrt,better hands.moneys wlU be deposited In the Shoe and Leatherrfeacy.WASBt*»Mii, April IS, I8M.specific property, when it cannot and will not.' still absentfromtheCity,theConrtofOyer HowfartbeLouisvillelJemocra/speaksforthebe Invoked. Ur. Siodt willclaim to hold his cffice by virtue of Legliiatlve eaact- ment, and also by virtus of ntmeDt and confirma-fceiafod .Terminer bad arain to adjourn yesterday, Southernpeople,we siiall sooa be able toJMr. Stout from his office ofconclusionsaspersonaldislikeorblind that the law ofsppopreju- tion iittder that law while Mr. Platt will demand Convention for tbe PresldeiiUal-witboDt dobfany bostness, although several man-laariiter caae* are waiting to be disposed of. IntbeCooitotGeneralSessions,JaicisCamriao- LAS'sspeechofyesterdaythatneitherhenor XAMwassenttotbeStatePrisonfortwoyears,on hisfriendsChamberlain,fuliv, lo conversation, inv reums i»t bis preoeccfsor having been removed ^*r e*use. ia this course, and It is thereore unnecessary for me toteam. Itissufficiently plainfromMr.Dona-cause that gentleman had refused to pay in-terest on the deposits of the City, and appoint-ing in his place Mr. Nathan C. Platt, Presi-—dt^nt of the Artisans' Bank an institutiondice.It is to behopedjuriesproposeas the law ofevidencetoreeedeaninchfromthe maintained atCharleston.all rSi isls are to remain as the likeiy unreeogniaeil,other members of our <'t\' gatlon might. In the al>-sence of written oeelara i"n fiom me, fiMl taen- anyfete Thesgo upon the approactung reception of the Ja-be trusted to tell the truth intoture that the fame of our Common Council and.panese byMunicipal authorities,conjec-their "hadspread throughEast-Smitb, Bev. Hkkbt Highlakd Garnet and have been from tbe rest of the world. Testi- form. One would really think that the law!< of' otben, wbo denied emphatically that charge of mony to the conectness of our supposition is New-York had been made for the special pur-cbarK*^ o.' cau<«,whea a similar occaaisn has preaaated enough for ma. But it I had ever iodulged ta draaaatbst it was connected intrtib tbo Colsnbatlan Society. The meeting did daily turning up. We have always doubted, pose of interfering with the intentions of inisItself for tbe last twentt-five years, aad which hasnever been as a caxtse of removal: recogmzedPubtic Montya sa New York. wUl assemole would forbid tts Idea of par-Its opMOmts,any wavl^te hour. and doubtconcurlii sayinK I have not fallen into.) the etreaaa-nothioakopMtB**^rystill,indefatigablereformer.Mr.Stoutactuallyre-PssriMillttaap'il,18<0. Three-flfthsbelnicpresent. ventlonThe People 0' the Sta^e of Mew- York, represented In mtttuig my name to be used. Tha SoQth shanld pre-creased speeolMoa lor the rise; New-York Cen-sentsilence of SsuTioB 1. All moi e\ s beloBKtng to tbe City or C'>aa tion. Our DemoctaUe tKethiea of theThe MoneyPri'ea of Cotton' w»»» ftimioited, though the but some of his retinue have doubtlessNortaeratral, Slf. BcHMg* ibaed 109}. Market without fUnvfiOB^of Mt-w-Tork Bbal be deposited b.r tba leial casio-States have said that if we woald offer omfbrmlyday'ssalesdidnoteicmdliMbales. Moreac- beentivity was dlicemible in Floor, but at reducedTsies. 'Wheat sod Com were likewise cheaper. and sherry and tmalignitytheBops, LinseMl Oil, Rice and Sugars were inquirad ere this have become a common infor interest on theMid m^DCys, whi Is both OhamberUlntry which wor^'hipK the flesh, calls itself "John fills onlj untU the expiration of the term t.f offloefor mtanv ntpfarUr <•/3or. Other branches of trade exhibited no Unjior-topicerery would b6 very perilous certainlypublicthe City of New-York, now iaBUukR^Zticmi. I use thist^TMde^rtaSen- lertsjned us with an ssthetical account of a beau-"«i<ul snd virtuous beioftheTennessee"I'S'l" '-it be deeme cexip^TM'ent"What sn inducementof being a hero, !.he is a heroine. We trust Hiss almost irstautly klU Mrs. jBowia, and but little hopeSrs*iuiJ ^triot.'r.t»te8»«slrfP;^lorange girl, who was so for- Legislature, who12 o'clock, or thereabouts, and assanlted Mr. and Mrs, federacy, m-a^ayBore her away a. histhis li-tls atory offers toof acttng in this"' couldorange giris to be beautUul andii.leresth)g theme to grow into a two-volumethough urged Corporation Counselput anyflight citheruponherself or her sweet aicsetxtbled al the where the bousei» and Ixovel underthen, the only im-somoof them vrlU recrive,.the votes {foaf^Siat jf~ Cobb,Jb.!manipulationaRing.States. AsbW their fsll» si»rehcSdtof dalef^as«f CmdeiiUa as apocryphal.Impedethe movement of technical vocabulary of Boziaita has become part aion was allayed, and under a promise that he sheuld Sward to the a«>butiaa of Jtidge »<""»" ("bJtheofThus,result of Mayor Wood's activityof thePugilism is the fashion of the hour, andtion. Can Douglas UAimaybe,,tsesm,that POCOtaa-theyTiaTe dropped him.a asbrWe.''to assumeheMr. Eawn's reeovery. There washave^,•^"^/e^lcS' have ireqiallrmsntloaedprolific latelymoney.mgtailed to win ashould at least havevirtuous ;very grievous was tha evi- dence agataist tbe negro, whose name Is Hisar, thst« «moi)« the P'*!"*'*the South cannot carrylong before the news was fltahed from Mair seilles by the Overiand MalL liie taletoasStofiM-iFaBSAiioo'saioil i«t«» to theCitrP^ Wen (be «[H<»< AsWini T*i>iiT«of re-«idi Oriental life to know how gossip of thiswhat an Sylvanustwo advaace of the Tartar express, ridingques-subjectpublicaffairs.Every publicand parcelSir GKoaaa COBvrwAU. Lewis,BaamT eeefessed to his guUt—said itJ""*";villagefromoffice, was electert, hot DO loagpr. .,_._, fsxc. i. This Act shaU take effect immedlataly.,'"sort fliesTheIlls liepnty, Mr. Haven, very properly declineshi^BanntTsavs:";mandpublicdeposits is not ;w.'.ight"I'ul'." am! hab been fo often snubbed and pooh- which the Comptroller offirom tribe toOn Sunday night, AptU St, s>x alles «)Uth of this place, a negro bekmglBg to Mr. Jobs P.y.^i^P;';'^'""'^;^ ^^^whether Mohamhko PashaAn ArJ m retalim to tkt Bmnk DejntU ami CutodiaH of stances under which the National Democratic Coa-Tbe Block IflrtW}. ;Te«erday, manifested in- would say much when he got home abont tbe fuses to consider himself dismissed ;an usbrokea front on the of ooataa- questionposition.would claim to be considered a ''chicken." he knows' haw to read Be he what he may, home he invariablyand whetherway"membeiB of the Council, to the sacred Emperor. ferior standing. The Shoe and Leather Bank weut on with good bunor," and that both parties;of oar Orientalgnesta, that aooe of them should dle of JoBH Browx'b pikes, she would help have opened their abdomens, when they wereSi.The Arizona conoapondent of— by way, we 8iq>pose, of riudicatiog that free-ishould on this occasion carry little Patti on their lettiag of all caatrasts for anpiiUsa,!dom ofdoingto-aight in Irvkig-place.upon it,therewhichdemands for everybody whowith its own notions. Almost at the same time Mr. Datis, of Mississippi, was set- ting forth in the Senate the disloyalty of Mr.80TerrltorT*Crime II dtmtnlsUsg, aad the tUevas aai aiar.agreesnewspaper, disqualify him for acting as a juryman on the trial. Thatderers are leavhig the oooatry. A eaasaav af ooaaspeech TchementlyNorthernAbuUtionismfavor fat all of tbe partsits natural right of going wherever it Miked andthebeandDonotAS, in refuaing the South,experience.peculiar pungencyfashioa,dress-circle,opened,Fire atKahway, N. J,the United States army 'withit. All that Mr. Yancit had said before at ChatlestoD to persuade the gustcognition in tbe United States, the country of little prima doima. As for " Doa Giovaani" itself newspapers par excellence, is, perliaps, one of shice it is idle ever to expect the six virtitoto ; ofalone cancarryingSlayeholding States that tkcir only safety lay in pursuing a policy which must lead them to choose between defeat in the Union and civil war ont of it. Mr. Davis reported at Washing- ten, and so ejected the lUinoisian Senator from tbe South precisely as Mr. Oabrisoh had before cut faim offfrom the North. If Mr.natural and reasonable enongh if promal- lawfully content ourselves with such a cast as the Slate, was destroyed by ire last nlghL The Ifame of our Common Council lias reached to that of one who, however respectable he may belt,"Jeddo,unless,indeed.Lord£u>n,fiaiUnghim- beinlife, hashadnoDmfaei ofself baffled in his efforts to indnceofagainst tbe wheedlings and urgencies of officialCommons, prevent tbem from getting into tbe House, tbe Timet' re-(6^ tKogiand meeting, iMify iiilMlMMiiM fsend ao embassy tocioas enoDgh to forward reports of" BooLi,hi8^^ . .:_, AV..«^j^'assures us that they both in- variably " come home to roost." To wliichatteiaptfaithfulproverbsignalizesome characteristic proceeding, which con-" vinces the whole City instantly that his sin-"namesakes,but he the oftne keeps gold Citytogether,' uponhis bare back." Hr. B.moneys belonging to the City or county, and deposits tbem in a bank selected by himself;in the world, for the simple reason it is that Ur. Hare will no longer labor probableand Leather Bank—net tbe least substantial of our finan- cial institutions. The financial affairs of thedo avoid doing it and to make it a legal gun, placed the muzzle to her head, touched the Tbe wind here yesterday and to^iay has been f***in suchnot ne(-d to be iuforoied, are notnoothersopeneda hoteluponLoansand DIacauntaful interestto citizenship.peopleyesterday l>y penons anxious to witness ttie con- statesmanlike than tbe brain of Mr. Bq- happened, through one or another eccentricity except the complexity and obscurity of the " cocktails" and " brandies and wa-The United States District Conrt was throngedfectlyoccasionallythat the for a City,fuse criminal proceedure than any ether cause,to a source more strictly Southern and not lesswell admiuiarered. It hasto meat the suddenof theBoyoffers tofight-will occnpy two days longer.A jury was sammoned yesterday marning by tiian astonishing that Southern men should public service. When Mayor Wood, during sult is, the history of our causes celebre* re- think he would want to fight him for much less.lain, came forward to relieve the absolutely over the Territories starving police force of the Metropolis with anAN OPriCIAL INTERREONUM—AH ANOHALDUS STATE OF ArrAlRS.The action of the Board of Aldermen on Mondaynlgbt, in removing A. T. Siouv, Esq., as City Cham- berlain, and con^ming the nomtnatios of NaTBAa C. Plait, E^q., President of the Artisans' Bank, In bitIslandRailroad,Ithi;Sight Exchange on New-York at par d 1-20 V oeakdiscount.the amountbank with which Mr. Stodt judiciously openedot one million threesand dollars, has been carried with ease by theexigenciesone, therefore, who used the ordi-be approved byCamwtnOer.quiet.quiet.Tonary two eyes of ordinary men in investigat-Not so to The penetratingMr. Wood. On Monday the' Mayor sent in a communication to the Aldermen, removingI have already stated to yoo aad other friends from Loalstaaa, now here ewtkeir sray to Ciiarlesion, my wish that my same aboold aot be presented at any time to the Democratic tfanosnt nommaiion. I harafamous in our civic annals for the con- the Japanese. nection with it of the unfortunate Dr. HaevkitBdbdell. The Aldermen, wiih aUrniini; alan-bearingat cmce confirmed this aci ion of theand it is not the fault of Wood, Boole or Bau- LET that Mr. Platt is not at (his moment dis- posing of the City's funds.fers MC'ion until the retarn of tbe Comptroller. A personal and pollucal friends I have uniformly saidriiy,Mayor;secosd application, made later in the day, met with a simdar tec<pdou,an>l thus the mattrr st'iads at pres-that I bad no aapirations for the Piesldencr, and taal my sole smUtton ever has been to serve our aeils Sutein me NaOoDal Senate witb a<l devoiioaaad"Bank, as beretefore;to Japan thedifllcultas invari- his returnjusttheis assailed in the StateCourts,hundred thou-steady at 1 1 22c.e22Hc.He. Poai JirmPbjlasxiphia, Toesday, May IS,single eye" ofDiAJt Sir:be-; and coafirmatioa—tbe office by virtue of appointment given you verydismisses a man from the judgment-seat for tamly In regard to thrir iutur* pay. exert lo tbe discharge of that high duty. Aiiaexrd is a copy of ttie act under which Mr. ^iKiulsiaDa has declared th»t she is well sat rcadlDg a police report, is based on a theory of Stodt will claim aad retatrt hia office, aoi It Is luudly with the maaaar in which I have fulfiUed tae CiniTCb. Speeches were made by Rev. J B the ears of the Japanese, secluded though they lic good," has run afoul of an obnoxious legal human b.'<£eness and weakness which finds ao necestaiy lo add ttkst he will resist to tne utmost the twice confided to me Tnts is rewant aad IAll Etiglam: is nowthe hands of Messrs. Boole and Vas Tine, ty lofirstly,humiliating treatment which he received at bf cause an act of the Legislature provides feet of Ton Savers in aitself at thenonancan how. Instances guessa asleepover the head with eodael In such a manner as to ^noj-sls-eh"^"sometimeaoccurred in the Baaaian war of 1828, of newsaWtfty I ?/ i,.vVinDllHi confidence to. liMKiasaa aadConstantiiio|de in this way fromtheand encouraged to do so by Mr. Bbonson, theAdeiinaPatti will nut cousidertbac we mean is tniertaisedreachingplaces a thousand isitea ofi;matter,todo sobyMay4)r,of the New-of »«i<l City and by them. 1 think that Is unu "'J' virtus of s-e.-ul l»»» to as ours, Oud a dutmcl, immttlakaiU ^jL^!!S- that effect, shall coDtioae In ctmury—tlu "'^^J^fast as hoise couldincidents of the late muUoy in Hindostaa embroil, harass andistothethe excited thought pcmulatlcnsttonglygallop.ofcommonchitchatoathep%hsWe^entofth^Souft. "^o*^eve^as",«2Jse*a»^inas Tbevarious mediatedaysaffair occarred, and so|them a candidate with a certain desree of aaanimity, se great a light. Dukes and stockjobbers unite in time, fts rcc-lved byhim, inasy Bank which sbueastbnary tbey would accent htm at oar hands.. I have oever Dnd- r bU olBoial bonds ae'eotfor thU purpose, tnu thai)notbewithdrawntherefromexceptasproviaea distrustedtbelrsincerity,andnowSrmiyoor*e-dveeosHito the Anatolia to the shores of tbe funds if admitted by the bank. In thisnr eonsttiutu>nal rigt",°sense, oJt as the mort convenient ^ ''^,^^tantCincinnati seeniB to be as TOsnceasofavrine. TheGazettehastribe, carried sometimestunate as to win the affections of a youthful mem times by atrollDg dervishes or bashi-bazouks, ample and gone President-making to Chicago. wonder in the way of light weightschanges.r^o* 'hec of tatr years, that it may be excused for showing eiiravagaiit delight that its hero, hav-W. H.Cliina sea. It only needs very little familiarity of statecan draw no Mr. Platt's bond-j are worthless tilla» part, of whichbeiypeaiidemhodliaen. There^ Coaveattoawerethecarry the South? However shores of the Caspian and tbe Black Sea, tropolis, and himdreds of private persons, are tbe British Parliament, so grave personagepapersaresttUSeveral agitatingtheworkintheme- defeat at Chariestoaofthedialectofthebestsociety. Inwashis Eawm, but he had noIresponsibilityofas intense exettMBent Biidfcsteil among those who#"P'^!„rt, Lass of Oregoa, aad Toroir bien merethingstheCityS"4^'°JsMrberr5'« MrRPRR BY A Slave.—The Purdy (Tenn.) whose name will probably be "^"^ ,,f ooalaateAapproved by the Comptroller.Comptroller,givenconquerorthrashing"Un«titlelwd Documentprivateat tbe door of the;himself, we advisehim to desist The known readiness of the its author has himself alone to blame for the sRpred herself in the battle; not so much, indeed,disembowelingJapanese to resort to the happy dispatch," assiduity with wliicb public rumor is molti-necessary for the pablic to keep an eye "personalcipalieaLThe Jnrr and the Preaa.Judge SitALiKT, we are glad to see, has pro- nounced against the attempt to introduce into tbe Federal Courts, in the Hiclcs case, the at>- Eurd rule, so stringently enforced in our State Courts, that the mere fact of a man's having read the comments or of athe immortal opera of artistBut there is ain the flavor of our Common Council whichmubt infallibly penetrate their nerves with a new, and perhaps irresistible impalse of dis-Nipon, not only drawn in the illustratedpapers, but quartered by tlieir own princely iionds.The Mayor and the Chamberlain. There are two kinds of creatures of which aiVAOTORT MBTROTEB.Newarr, Ttmiv, Mar Uk;bitterlycai-Loss $50 OCO—insured tot OCOOOi The fiia w~w Ika workofaaiDcesdiary.and we shoaidthe oddest and most unaccobntable of the od- the first class whose combined abilitiesHessrs. Jobr C. Deskab i Co.'s ezlsoshareportson tbe commission of a crime, shallof Gea. Owiass ia tbe Apaches.penoa, to take the tsU •questionwas so injudicious as to boast that Saryland was an Abo.as it is on the face ofjudge. Preposterous" as those who hope for her futureHmotives to accoimtfor this latest and Fatti Ukes her beaefit iaon the Committee of Beception." It most mysterions exhibition of Yiia ardent muni- 'I>onGiovaBni,"andbiaro<e to which noand if he does not with which every man onnewspaper reports touchinggle eye is once more fixed upon our public his offence, is in reality equivalent to asking gave this assertion the lie, and, as the paper from" "HoveaieBls af BaiL Jahagood." ,which we glean these particulars expresses it,Ball. BAUiaoax. Tneaday, MsyU.ignorant that, bis misfortunes from the Charleston Conven- stand a daily paper ? Or if you read one, areopening Chamberlain, as allallusion it contains to atax-pay- which eveiy man and woman around yoa is some Northern locality. This he acknowledged,:stupid"which the true-hearted Baltimoreanto this ridiculoustion, that we did not feel satisfied that, fromwater's araa- edge Saturdaytme, that it amounteddisqualification. BorvLM & Co., Baltimore, must be an agreeable;<2insso, Tuesday, May IS. The Oovemment aonotmced, laat nigbt, that cannot control the original appropriations of more tban any other people, and do weigh the State. The proverbial hospitality of the South is Parliament would prottably adjourn at Oe latter eatFor several yearsthe duties of this fanctionary have been dis- a man admirablyceptible of a more earnest and practical develop- mentlea arCape Kaee>St. Joaas, N. F., Taealay, Hay U.thereupon.very fit to sit asOpporition yoimgTories,baviifengagedtaathat thaportoftbenextdaysays Oovemment inehidisgagraDdsmofPATEiasBsiERr.nOUOLAS KOVEMBSTS IV OKOiatA AiR>'experience induty protectfaig the public money vriib a knot of liberal members, in oider todownright set-to,ABtuaad winrbMaa trwmi,* know all about tbe New-York Common Councii- were $2,500,000; its loans and discounts, "lightweights," deserves the cordial admiration which are p,blUh«l, SKttU* o3flbS*S«" ^It" caof the Tribunr testifies that the Ambassadors for tbe past week was $634,000 ; ito deposits rpp«at, that Hiss Fatti, as the cbampion of the»andar,li»flit"**"' "However it be, the Washington of correspondent has a capitalWherefore, we once more of all Ne«i-York for the irith which she baaWe hope this is true."STzpaxas la appaiatad »"iIf Amphitryon Boole be " "ofengaged in looking up bospitalittes of a more line of $987,000. Precisely bow far the pub- more or less mdifferently$179,000;deposits$688,000,and a loan "and season, AM»iu,Ttiniaiylarge Uemocratic meeting waa held hat dbtf'than usually disgusting sort, as some article licof food which no Japanese can touch without acter, we may safely leave our readers to through Iu severe contest with that todomiuble timore CoaveaUaB. Dels es ssaie ibeBei-gal heavy weight" Mai Mabetzek. She baa not SeUaa CoafvenOoa oa tke 4tk ofheaven ofsuch a doctrine should have ever secured re- showers ol bouquets descend upon our charming BcccEEsniL lacxaniART ARxim—regret the neces-sity of sending back the iliustrioas Kamis of dities of Anglo-Saxon law. It woald be dojusticeto that exceptional masterpiece, we may riage Bsaofaetary at Rahwsy, tbe laigast la itegated in Austria or Russia, whereAcademy offers us to-night. SssiNl is a host la coatalned about sixty caxriages ready tor inewspapersrank as unavoidable nuisances,himself,tbegeneraluseofwhichitisoneofthefirstdu- of to rightalw intolerable toJnsIerectedbyMr. 1Hare, whileville made him Hotel,and him the gaveheprovedin Moae; and the role ofasDon Ottavio, being voice and only voice, belongsSpecieTbe general adoption of the practice in our the American plan in Hakodadi, Japan. It is Due from other Basksit Ifhejust as much reason for accepting his statement as true as for believ-FLOURdullandlowerfioetS. WaisT <-ull and lower; red, tl »«• 4* wbtIe,tl4Vetl60. BscoHactiveat8.%«I(lc LaaaIbatnoevidencecouldchangesays;stead, places the financial affairs of tbe City Ining him when he says he has formed no opin- ajerv-stnaularposlilon. Thebondsofthenewly-appmttediWheatunchanged. COR21ion at all, or that he has not read the news- Chamberlain must theFlourWaisKT 21Xc'a23c.papers.only guaranteeThatofficial Is at abientfromthe e>- prerent City,sort ot warrant in the history ot human nature, at least in these latitudes.HissPatU'sBeaefit.of possible elevauon to a mote exalted statiaa, (a weakness which those who best know mn mill all-that the Chamberiain shall bold his office until admiration, that fO small a hozer should have mads dl«n thereof, rorthwiOi wlthonc delay, (Tom timjof the term of theblabbing about the ham sandwiches and secondly, because he claiiAs that the d."- applauding pluckthe expirationConptroll>-r;whichhasenableda"IProvisiona were less freely dealt in. Coffee, BajN York Medjiis" towards foreigners must long only ab.«urd in itsjelf, but unprecedented as it Prize Ring. Thik it ail natural enough in a coun- treutirerortbeCoaBty. by the oBoe woici hi now IfdU Uu eltcnn «f o """•phrasesof dealingsummarily with thectiminal; bat tha mobbtsh pu- Alteon MS et their own dUxeas. Id. »««"«*ifier,Bikd anThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069accompllabedclassical scholar, dja-to bvaiUUjttlsl.""prostrating literally goldenSeuhttfanr* diena^taa fbttows assembly,:tbeso l(.ng to hold the Championship of thethe said c-istodlan of it will be oni osn fault If thU plecge be not ep'<ci6can> by law or ordhiance.aod It for toeir Interest, ssvictory,so much trouble iuwouldnotcord..Should, after a fratJr and tuj^^nlerc^s^whom Iby caiavaoB, sometimes by couriers, some- Mr. Haws, has followed Mayor Woods ex- Mm. We !U Kew-York, have a more legitimate Eau eo:er<^U tne bou£e of bis master at the hour of between to select oor eaa*-not the leeswonderfulkiiduhnirablesurely,that,insteadlogift of song, in thus coupling her name with theeaalMates to be preseated Sf.^ifvVnU.n. Either of tbem wlU deserve,;Eavin while they were in t>ed, and beat them date from a "•.^i-^iJ^StoaailighttirBrionoli,thatys enchantingthe and A Co., Baltimore. Hr. CoLi very gentlemanly prisonerandThe steamer which bore back Febnakdo and in New-Yor>, caimot read or under- msde towards him. Some words ensued, during by tbe yesterday afteraooD trata fromAre youliving youhimsoHon. JoBH Bell and cameftmily psasengarstion had hardly got herself well famigated atthe wharves before our excellent Chief Magis- any motive in the world, carefully to avoid pe- low and dirty character. Soon it was suspicioaed city. He goes West this moralag: ov« tba Baltimar*yoa such a piece ot eccentricity, as withoutevidence of kis being an Abolitionist of the most for tbe maU at the Relay Bouse, aliie mllea fraa tMamsing anysubjectof that he was but anupon being ptuked up a little.fraenegro frompeel off,ques- limit of the law, well filled, pressed down andshakenthe nature of things, it must be false ; or, if Frabklis Cole, of the firm of Straus, HAaMAjr, thirds thslr value in Pittsburgh «that section of thewill have anDeposits op- Cbcnlationglobeportunity of regaling themselves with matutinalThe Fourth National Exhibition of horses will of Count Fbani, younger brother of the King of t^^eld in this city the first week ta September.POLlTIOAIxlikely to deceive liimsell when he says he has can be had until Us return. Heaawhlle the City Has. JahB BlldeU'a DeeltaaHaa af tkePeaat.we case can have in eitherand he is as juatIn wttb hundred la company many other*,of plain common sense,has almost beea. It isgave up the delusion, that though a man's tuucs.but when tbe main quettloa comes up for adjudication, the aid of the law wtU, ofcouite,undoubtedly'Will soon be made to accord with the dictates the meanllme, warrants drawn for coutracturs and repeal them. But you h»ve suggested mat peraaiwpraad- a man wlio had five dullars dependent on the tbe advice of roiinsel) of Hp^jrovng tha bon(t«. out de- e>t recoUecilon of our Ifrea. To yoa ana aaay otherproceeding, result of the trial would be pretty sure to per-jure himself, and mustbe excluded.Thispre-Kumptino, iike that which contemptuously lltlaatlon, and to office- holders the ctrtaintg of wvw- falthfolsess, and with each poor ablUty aa I eoaUent, afltirdingtotaxpayerstbepromiseof anexpeasiraoverwhelmingnot be dealt 'With until examined by the authorities,or even pesalMemade la ocposltlOB to the almost uaaalmo"ti<mte.kl]lhlsmaater,JeB]iP.aCablaetVim. thoBghtofInjurtaigMsmlatress. HfST""J"?!taMdMbfaaeORUoitttas Court and ordered tojali,wbwef*^^^'aUDSLh.I. , T,Chariestoa. aad a rrsolotka that Alafeau ks npraasMed «eppaiBiadtaita Jaaa.and value her SUCCESS or TBI PBOVIMOIIALIIORB OOBMJPTIOn OV CK TIOB, BTO.te the counWy can successfullyclaim. We do not propose that the Flfth-aveaue Buchanan, frosi tbe War Piparfsat,so. ButweinsistTbeProvlstonalGovemmeatI*ichallenge herthatIfLet the windows of thatA large new bnlldlsgpartially occupied by C. IX 1and hardware store la this 0*1,, was set oa tn this momiiig. AnaDsnceesstal wasfirst paper poMlshed In Battlaiofa. Stravs, Hartmah, HorrLor ly ksowa, aad klgbly respected aad esteemed.—and the more addicted to it he is, the better Ey., placed her affections on a youag gentleman sight offCape Race, causing t lie Eoropeaa steaaersjurymantrainedthe mosttoon a tiialhe makes. Few citizens iateliigent—It is said that a;noRheast,andtheweaihercloudyaadcold. Thar-is inthe most stupid, ignorant, careless and im-Phllsihilplla manfully en nvte to the 'West. The train arrived toe late testood his ground, and the straggler gave abundant cotmect, aad he took the late way trala, aad stapyalof the pieseat week.Pennsylvania aailroao, MK. _Hewass^ta-May 13. Howard-street saps*. lii^www.fultonhistory.com 