9. •houaeh^worA andspectedUon began te manifestof ene or two of Ihe boarders, who had rooms Is theS. ilorion del>osed toat he knew of toeto do"• --* T'J^V^' "^ wm be theglitters uponpost honor. We isk ConsIe^8. Nil paramount general interest of the na'llenry Herrick,young jnan'i1yearsage, »do Kit 200 d.i.' "•' ""l">? ,fTM" "l3t«r clUes, not''"' heThe BostoB TratclUr,of the lOih June, gives-»j.-^*Bit-p«aBt00Bdo C.MTKD STATI-'! COMUISSIOHXB'S COtTBT—BEPORB 100 Erie hallroad-troopsbroughtyearsway'mathematics, byprivate gueat than that of the Prince of Walaa ones 'ead, and with toe exception of the Ctuncae theagtiinst strangers.-''I'job that when the time sliaU when.^; dovery'Indomitable resolution, great perseverance, and aWaahlngtaanlea, arrircdl frao Prorldaaoe la tke taomlag. -Tb*ABBtrsnuTTMtsftheNew«T«rkI<lsht Saialeawerefredbytheartlllary aadDagstbiag slftrpsr thaa that This coodoct deter- tbe Coast; ahlpped none ouierathat,! knowof^do do'aotagaiast tI.54S,U» :Blr^iiKtiM* •/ UU tttm-Ttrt Tmts.Atuano Hoim, N»w«>«». {;... ..eBBr«— Tkrir Kee^rttmm aad Meatlnc wltk wared aboot the '.«|ty. The oomaalas formoa (pflow-cttiaena. as li is" Bbbbab won the champlon'a belt frooifeefoieaaUed; don't tolnk atesBBbip AlHea, Uverpeel, Ass. goUtk« B«*t*a Ti^era.'wttoeasadtae SATsaa. (Great liughier and cheering ]parade. Excuraisaaeaaae la fcoia different rtacM Such are the character and poslUnn of AaaAHAii anmbw know 4a oat kaJune 22, IBM. | ne mn haa eloaed npon a glorious day in ths kMoqrof Um Naw Tork LIfbt Goard,aod Ihtatea t»eknalel« aoma oC ihc sraata which faara Bade tharargcmesta wve DlMrable. flie o«ceraable 10 clear tie ao the rerlew waa aliaoat—heal the of the Mlasiarippt V TheUlawTOB, of thePuiaauixx,of Lawrence Unl-exclusively under the dierctlon of tha mitttog toe asssult, which was of a trivial nature, he will Commhsloner of Pub ic Works, who will charge lege of a monopoly in Japan I refer to toe Interesting was grossly tosulted by Mr. Glassey. He was coa-pia,thecBcl«nt aigakiMtfoarecentlydown Ihe river In the quasi capacity of pilot-boats.work of toe session has been most arduous, notwlth-109£'3109^ S.UfSCS.lSJ.forFrld>7 Nl(bt,w«|» "^aRepabllosns alley. ai^optlon of that fiiggestlon was the deHberaie act of as wise and as patriotic a Convention as ever assem-10went up with him.deposed tfof last witaass; ka wss dtraeted by Mr. MeamsUp Vijo, Uysspool. aaa ken•oaMtaB oftkalr visit a >oaroe of the moat dellghtfal Major-G«Deial, and the whole staff, ,1^l^pirikieikaaaxMedfor tUrt|r jtan batwaenihe•*did themaelves highnaof the " AUaotlc" foralshed the Light Guard avoyage.Douglass Baniess, one of the craw, vrai sworn, ladweek. Thethe cloaa of tbe ptavian. sbaence of further receipu fromSurd aad tke Boatnprecise aidMfit'Mi inwaaJ \j • draseUiii laln atonn, and a the beat at 8 oUoek, aad than bid ttaea a heartyto expreaa, in a formal war, the apororal of the nio- peislasatodd la asserting first that another Bun had ahot when toey lUrea ;aiMMirisame time the dispositionamong money-leiidetB is on tempora-intleipatloiiageBCrootupongradaatingclass.Provinces hli stsy vtlil necessarily be very Itmlt^i,Glassey also resides, it Is said, In the house wherebe anosuallybte aeatlment"Ihe Battm Ligit Infantri, the Ntw-York Lightcity Rev. A. C. Foss, late of the St. Paul's M. E. Church, Prince and his most Immediate attendants.one en-*trade ofallnations, before America's success.:Otttnm^ tkr Newport ArtUierv—Repreuating three dlflarenlt dtlea and three different States, bat one glori «aa CnieB."New-York. Aev. C. K. Tana, Professor of Kuetoric may as well be atated in ttilsplace royally,Aiul itof the world-wide known totegrlty tho three capital vir-for the month of and for the Hay,of one hundred men. The wharf was crowdedwith people. The Newport Artillery gave them aweU o» a salute, and, under the escort of both Com- versed and those securities are nowlonycontinued show of seller'spaatea, the Light Guard marched to their beadauar- tars at the Atlantio. ThereBBEAKraST,And as admirable one it waa, awaited the corps, CoL NaWToa, the proprietor, extended Invitations to:played",which the men whose memory UofJ*«l.^.M^ ntefSien'r^Laib'my'^^a re- In the eommnnlty. Sooa his jealous dlsposl-„ 300 do. 100 Hudson River E_ 48!«mulated interest70^ and March, 1860, and a third to fall dtte 1st Sep-la unison, and wereage of wonc)erful progress witnesses against thatsame nation helping America to participate to theirandtranslatingaadrepeatingIntoeEng-fiIrtibvileges, the tnterestlng addresses of the Japanese tongue,Of toe Netherlands.The Bnrch Dlrorce Case. From the Ckicigo Press and Trilnme.Jones vs. rndenoood.-Motion granted wltooulIINswios, Tigers," at the conclusion of the review, t03k Bcaaures to formahollowaquare, much tothc sur-large on tha an-of the1imainly,rid of the small floating debtof s third vseek'stralficon the line is jil2.!il!i, against $13,- ROj, being a small decrease of *;88l>. liiiuois Cen-tral recovered about '2 cent, on the ^lowest rate of the week, and the de-of the commander and officers of theJ—foiiins vs. Bodiiu.-Referred back RoBtBTSOB, pectpilae(iaaid. Aftertiieforwhich has for severalhadbeenInthiscaseallthepointsthatcanberaisedagainst the mortgages were involved and argued, and thefor further proof, dec.stood in the ofincomeupontheshares. TheCapt.Light ability.intolineiII1gettingproached Capt. GAaiaas, axpreaalng the friendship to the other Railroad Companies in the State.Prince wiU take a speciai train of the Grand "Trunk Railway to Toronto, where the private residence of the Prince will be the old Government House, wtiich will he found to ofvhkk had long existed between the two companiea, aqiidaalied to present him a token of their respe.n aai aftatlco, and as it came from the rank and iilei It waa appropriate that the preaentation shoald be made by them. Private Wills stepped forward andS. N. S.thehas, time, enqaged at the public expense for the vlsittog guests of the Province, aud the arrangements of the citi-Tuesday.-Thursday, at 18 A.M. Scpaaioa Cooat.—Part /,182',-Part II.— of wliich had iieen previously usedIn tbese words Capt GiBLAiiszens for outsiae decorationsto be on a scaleNos. 479. 475, 533, 457,to:promise andInastylecorrespondingwiththeposition ofGinruiMaN or lai CoBvrsTioHturn you my thanks far the compliment you have tho journey to the Falls will be made by tue lake di-PBESESTATIO.N'Page county, before Judge Nobtok, the trial to take place early to November next. It will prove In all respects one of the most remarkable trials in the annals of our Courts, not oniy from the wealth andThe rank and file of the Compi- By to which 1 belong have devolved upon me tne agreeable duly of presenting to you a alight token ofmarks as reported In the Free Press:413, 4B7. 4I>3,I235. !!25, 32l.21l,r|2l9.Nos. B«4, 118, 10, ('31,560, 18, lt>6, 112, 1)32, 642, 1:211.:theI beg leave to re- Western Capital. From Toronto, It Is c xpect'd that siandinguf toe parties, but the determination with634.the Tbe Coal shares price.^cent,On this occasion, when the two cities of New-oneof relations of closemore.A L'NiTiD SiATKs Commission to IxtkstigateICO llo400M Sr%.100 do. b30 13cent, on tlieYork leagues wMoh di- vUe them long arms of love and friendship, clasp hands in fraternal greeting upDn the patriotic soU ofCongressionalprove nothingfrom 1<Z3ment that the back faterest of 3jand Boston, across the stretchingdo.2,(H)0 Cal. State T«have firstgone up naortjragesuponserving House of Representatives, during10000 do.84 >j SCO 81860 &N. Ia. R.. n?i[.|!POLITICAL.Coart Caleadar Mo5dat j'at 4 o'clock, butaor antll 5 weia tkar bro"? rightfully;haveIntoand brought a qiaattty of atraDgeis. The Poj*" OBS suggestion of the areat people whr> know htmUse. NeartettUBaaaBd penooat> teamahlp Africa, Liverpool, KaaUsh silver "• IJ^ooUl. His receiit nomloatloa was the spoatane- where bis wUe waa Whether he 8ieaaahipAragea,Bav>e,Aia.goMei>ia^Ms'ground,failure. The Go?e.Bor'manag.dGot. SMioca wore the splendid »•"Cment for da Lehna aad jkbrldge to ship tba erew Pastaereamablp Vigo, Livarpeel, MtzieaB silver, Meaaship Vigo, LiTerpeol, Inglish silver.Una, and the companies to pi«a,beforol"r"ot^am'. ""^the Caplata was act; there was no other agree-perb,—rather UlmlttSk.balancenow4M, against >G,426,756 at tho close of the pievtaas; Hasa.; and EaBST F.against validity of the mortgage. The case waa taken by ap-quarters at Ihe house belonging to Hon. Joan Rosi, now occupied by the Conunancer of the Forces, Sir FiRWicK Williams. For the accommodation of a por- tion of tbeand L. A. Fuller forC. Noyes and Mr. Talmadge for defendants.Terdlct agalnat the New-Harea Railroad Company.vs. The New-York and Nere-Haren ' Railroad Compani/.—TMs rase was tried before Jus- tice BoBwoRrn, in the Superior Court, and was stated in the Tiuzs of Saturday. The jury now rendered a verdict for toe jilainUff for »2,500.and-.4 This will be gratifying intelligence to many peoplein the east who have an Immense amount of Inverted in them. Our iSupreme Court deserve the commendation of all, for the Independence and ju- dicial Integrity they have displayed in making this!IIoptions, scriptiODS, is equal to 2®2) ^pealto the ;Supreme Court,that decision was re-the escort to partake, which the Artillery accepted. decision In the face of strong popular feeling and nothing to do with. Betw een their Bridge and their Crystal Palace they are doubtless ere this In a posi-importantin amount.The forenoon was occupied In riding and sight- public sympathy. It is a death-blow to the spirit of tion to an maketo leave her after built In the permitted shores, tieingNetherlands, oc toe precursor of ihe same iimumera-Daclaiene. SCFSIWI COUBT—CHAKBBIIS.unusual display. From .Montreal It aeelng, and a g<ilet and general interchange of con- repudlaUon which had grown up in this community, is arranged that the Prince will proceed to Ottawa gratulations. After dinner the Guards and the as well as In other Western States, and though it wlU probably by the Rivar and the Catrilon and Grenville Tigera went through a drill parade, and in the early be a heavy blow to many of our farmers, whose Railway. At Ottawa, a new hotel has been alreadyNew-York Central closed Galena was oSered down "^eb'- Ob telegrephic advice that thefarms and houses will thereby be wrested from them,leased for the occasion and Is now In course oi beingDrake vs. Smitk.—Motion•raaing farmed a dreaa parade on ttte pleasant parkfronttig the "Atlantic." Capt. GAaLAso act- aid of the heavy crop promised this Fall, to recover Jaqdss & Hay, of Toronto. Here the Royal sojourn ed aa reviewing officer, and Major Roaiss firom It. It is a great step toward redeemiog Wiscon- will probably extend over several davs. From Otta- of tba Boston Infantry, aa Adjutant Both bands sin from the stigma of being a non-deot-paymg State, wa his Royal Highness will go to Prescott by Rail-granted.Tune is $1,SOOthe greater portion of them will be able, through ihabyIenthusiastically applaul-«d by the crowd of spectatora. And here aa unex- UxKBT S. Lax, of Milwaukee, to whose indefatigable lake steamers for Kingston. .\t tbe old capital we pected Incident took place which was of peculiar labor and legal ability the succeiiful termination of cannot say specifically what stay will be made—as Itand evinced the which has strong sympathythis contest is in a great measure due, and who Is deserving of much credit therefor.The mortgagors were represented by Hon. S. P. CooK, of Milwaukee, and Gboboi B. .Smith, of Madi- aon, who conducted the defence with great zeal andis found difficult to get the neces-sary accommodation without Inclining an outlay iiicommensurate with the probable or even possible duration ol toe Prince's visit. Tbe anangemeuts, however, are such as will afford the people of Kingston an ample opoortunlty for a right loyal display, and this we presume Is all the Inhabitants of<he city desire.totoedifferentmembersofherlegislation. ANNA M. M. STORM,Judgment theaspleaaoie,ever f lilted between the companies.EmbassyNxw-'i'oHK, June 12, 1860.' reyersecl and new trial ordered. Costs to abide atevent.SCPKRIOR COVET—SPECIAL TEBH. WooBBUPr, i—Hvmr vs. Wcrirs —Case frttlerl.^shares, partly,Bon. Grorg P. Marsh on the Kcpobllcaa Caadldates.At a recent Republican meeting in Burlington, Vt., Hon. Gioaai P. MAsaa made the following re-toagreed upon yesterday, it goes to Naperville, Du- St;pu')iB CoDBT—SpiciAl Tbbii.—Adjourned to fluenced than otherwise by the official announce-term, and though I cannot boastIntimacy with him, I have, nevertheless, had suffi- cient opportimities of estimating his character and bis16,000ou the hranrlifs. will—have desired to give you talen'J. to warrant me in saying, that I know him well, steamboat charges uf ordersCattix DisxasxDrs. Elwy.n and EuxasoN,ofPhila-l.CCO...UDle Rhode Island—we'ou.e further token of the feeling with which we re- bolh as a politician and as a man.for and orders plate,who were toedelphia, appointed by PhiladelphiaSo-beabout the 16th July. The scc'udbondsCompany. The period of tho Thirtieth Congress was not onego to Massachusetts and investigate the cause and 60 Rallroarl ..IM thel.ir«e aiwiawvary,b*" *""i.hl...whlcf we_u.. ,;.;.''f„t^=„Vtsry^' ?S^'fi^ '1and if we get off .It toe end of the year with a hundredllOOU.So.lstU. Bs. 84 60''""* "f see hiui w t:,r.hi"""-,whichwe chosenformakinghisfirstappearanceinpubliclife.made our mtods to do tbe upas as 29 highthinghandsomely W.ahlai«apvue-p,uct;"cLh^a5n^cPo,'»ih?e.r^ef.i'i°ri/.-V»^'?<I-T?^.J•li"?.!;"l">"?'r?,a'"dfg'.. of Leglslaiive action. The currency question had thousand pound* sterling, we ought to be thankful.the guaranteed class ol «l.;di sold.to us to ask )uuit has seemed fitTlere wa«then pending no vitally important matter26,000 do 5U 250 do. questing them to act aa United States Commissioners, 1.000 M. 8. S. Fd. Bds 73 100 do..... e3\i.... 63'. a* cent. The trafticot the which returned a lino,a late aa aBBSsag Ike moat freahb30 48H ISO do... Rsilroad.. U>( eoo do....in the front rank of remarkable series ofthatmined to endure these SBBoyaacas no loBgar, and a senaratlan occurred. A fortolghtatnoe her hUsbaadspace'fiiqwlthanks, but those '?'„^'''i*^J?''*«'7ow. elaborate-seldom suppose this was done to the70*t-^„*u!a' »;Srr, as a ('.renoT 2t»S«tn»l.l.JVrje;h|aeo,Atbat vau ^.n .._Z^I\iII.i>6a Galena ftCbicagoR. iiHor moretin Ii?M.teim. W'ehopethit you rm beTa"To' we.a,rMr. Bicnta. Ckaigthat the heart upon which It ;-^iwarbadbeencommenced,andprosecuted nearlyto its termination.There was, tlien, no topic of legitimate discussion,—We do not ask you to guard Itscharadercessary in the present state of the public naances.kaMaln»&<{ aftnrdl ikaaaoA happiness peace. ;that ...^ that carefor such articles as plate will be in a•W.2dm6 Imp. & Trad Baik.llSCo;iipau>have la I improvedJt>nor sorrow corrode it.Expenditures and so although in a less6.000 Del-.LlOI-ias vnu trun vS„ r.!; aU that We know that whether in peace or in limewhich wascalculated to call but the ener-20 Commonwealth Bk. 993^CO Manhattan Gas Co ISO70 Cumberland Pref. 13H 200thirl holds ont a strong hope that an cicliangewouldyourownhonororUfe. Weeanwas 'I'Jie* arm unostentatious, but by no means an lu-active or silerit member of the House, during thatdegree as to most be liberal, been begun.appreciationof troohto, wherever that decoiaUonDel. ,t6z'.«! sillof •SiZ"V,?l.'?'i'°°^ "P°° "• yo" will remember theii'.i. Ltii.g at s ake, he felt himself at liberty to devoteThe Tragedy at liowell,Massachusetts.6 do 60 do 60 do 66 do20« N. Y. Cent. Jdo90' 10091 ,00 Clev.91 100btKlb^'iTolwloK S2)i stO 32>i asassit S30 321igage mayclose of the present yearference. Thewholeissue,duein1888,410,000,- 000 in amount, would then stand on an equal foot-"Sl^S" ^K5 ^fUve^and cooia »h6\v*moderate dif-^<*.*.'^°»to be off in 1888. On the bonds of lS8S,asnownot3MCase of the SIbtce Falraonth. 400 do810 H'. 1100 ..b«o saJsry and aSiectienate. few WB(B kaatt.good pub- lic eataem, tats famel waa rather looal thaa national.; Itis« !rhadiMgnitman. But he wa* thongha knife,' aad;which sold on at 134, IncludiBf tha haU-yearly dividendItT elhasaemd.•aa>^ wly fenteiAdacomplaintsgainstonePBamxE.'WAiBjB;nothtag decks"eoBilaBtly growtnginwounded Idmself withaharea,J«aaU,lSM."Doawean gave a grand conceit during thethe moat skUlfnl debateiHa the laaka of the her,begged foigiveBSsa,mthe andPark, peiformed*oma of the most«"* nallThadiatlaguIshedUmself. He showed hlmaelfinwas cnstodyof^. ,^ _.hU wasto the movementtlie sameappUed to the Sinking Fund for the . P"';^'^.''"M;«*»«E«!S«gsame week last memorandum ,."'Atyou will cherlA U while •i,,,'!^ .'""'* ""'"^u'arly to the discussion of ques- JBALOrSY, MUaDXil, AND AITIMPTBD SCICIDB—Aal a...bWSt'i ing on an unqueationed mortgage on tms large'^f" ^"f. «»algn all earthly things, yon willHrSBADD KILLS HIS WIFE AMD otvn urx.91!g m> d' 50 do..-c-taOBltU aa a preciousSsi^ol" o?rK°'"'•''•' ^ "I"»llyandfngtant.??^J^_*??P'?!*iS °^M?. Congressional term, Mr.Itselfbyunfounded susplcloas of a lailkmao whoof toe Falmouth on her last knew a vessel to clear wito passengers16 Harlemnever iroBirlemB. 40O do..by accepting. Ac-economical hand^ Evervtbtog will he done In a liberal spirit-at the6,CC0LaC.&MI.OIIOC. AN. W.lstio. ua too do...sM 63 ,.b4 63^.: c 61!<Si.i .luuf. and an equal gain is expected on irarlic of last July. The bonds of the Eriea,ty' .cent, oa the ^Pt piids, thirda and fourths, and the recent as welli."^B^ai^u ia,i.iiu ecsof and the Mexican 1610;It; \AnUUaWV .nly '»iyr n"e^-ver ctaukh«erspeedy the tariff change bysame' time,with the observance of the prudence ne-tigations. Alter consultetioa witoPresident of tbe Philadelphia Agricultural Society, they determined to accede to the request. They are now In Massachusetts acimg in conjunction with Dr. AnnssLL. and are expected to make their report to the Patent Office to toe course of a week or two.2,000 c. fcN.W. 2dm. 26 1.000 Oal.S Cbl.Htm. SS100 dD...0 Clev. Col. tCln. R. 94legacy to your ehll- only because it Is a tokento oth- ^rJT^SSd In thl.'rt*K""'"''y occasionally partl-do. 60 do do .... 8''» IKO do3«ib6032=i to',.'5!!FJ*^"*^"i"^?S2*'J5?•brotherhood^thesa *.i r t«»Ci«npaBl« la Ifaon bonds which only such asao-..13\t 30 Chic, k R. Isl R. 70',;19 200 do. .s30 70>i WH300 do. lanlifn- "^taMBB but because it is of broad andMaoBB married Mrs. SisioB, vrtdow^»nativethe fiowera"~!IMP* ""..'J?** J'^ff'\?i ^PVr and pleasant LiaooLB resumed tha traetlee of hi ' profeseion, and19i. 2oe do.—two 1S5S, conpons, SsptembtT,—70H temlier next which reduces the net cost accord-s.eaatapw.Patsoaal regard aod atfecUon with&t anrTonadua regard Cm*. Gablabd. whose nameayear agowell-knowndruggistiaLowell,ana ladyhighlyThe evidence in this case waa continued on Satorday.do 60 do..sMTOii 70H ..S»TM49^-Kelong been disposed of. TheGoveriiineiit had been settled, beyond expectation ofThe principal arrangements, we may sifely say, arelii conjunc^on with Dr. Abtisxll, wdo had previously been appointed by Governmoot to make simitar Inves-2000 do73S 60 do. L.G bs I8>» 100 doon last se.-ir-r'n ul -$13,000, promises aa muchatokenoltte Integrity,Uberalv.««ii if!.»!.^1^< Of.boOsold at the Board there if afaontigies aofaparliamentarydebater, and Mr. Liacoucelsethey _had much better not havesijeciallyfurniture.However, the arrangementsas continuedof ihei""'*'^''''«'y affected the prosperity of Se recoL'n,'?.*^*'"'' *''°U8'> depending upanprlnciplea.860'^'^aaaedaUonB which make the hlitory of our corps. auitalned and Increased the reputauon which he hadCapC OaauBB waa ao completely surprised that he before acquired—a reputatton; perhaps, Uie hardest^ house, and man partlcBlarlytoe original tbe fiUtog up, wito toe excep-R •••jfa too74 do 74ingly. The State and Federal Stocks have re-tot .fcw words to expreas hisVtdo n% StoaiagtonRd« hM4IMaa is a baaotifal gol<supposed,unusual in toe cargo. Abbott rscaUtd.—He deaeribed the appear-foond a oaatn-Saten^ of « <rtheon thiaiiaU $169,000, of which fM.WOia yearbeing.igreat State caaspalgn ef 18H, in which hasparkling displayed a maateriy ablUtyttnt plaeed him at once parties to triaL Mrs. Moor* deter-tbManA,TBX OEUraUCTIBWInukaBd'a choking her. When ha found that she was equal aa a elaaraad awake, he remarked that her sleep ires brokanmoreUntitled DocumentMsagent;raoef*ed tha«d«rall to gain and to keep—that of an able and faithfullawyer.and at the aaoia time that of a just andsupplied the fomlly with milk. This jsalouir so lar that In the early part of last May, Moosa,wsnt as is then;usual to do so masters ;own vesselsax) 200 200 60*mained steady,with leas business:improvedto P»«°°»2f giS.!,rL!;""lsent;valid andlegal.accompanying guests of the Province, a portion of the St. Lawrence Hall next to Cralg-street has been leased. In this about a hundred persons can be accommodated, which will enable the Comrnis- sioner to make fullnumber likely to form part of the royal convoy.the Emperor of Japanfinancial of the policynot m but In only energetic,gaincapitala had been half century previously be-Hi^irinsfurnishedand her integilly cannot now be questioned. The way, and thence over the Grand Trunk to Brockvllle,mortgage-holders were represented In this case by at which port he will go on board one of the largecosts,SrPERIORCOURT—GgNXRALTESV.but tha belief that ha won the anbitamial victory In the caotes). Is as much an article of falttt with hitcallaneoDs Coods |2,S3$,9«8,and of Gold and Silver as follows echr. Sir 0. Oampbell, JacBeL Aa. goldThe next stage will be by steamer up the Bay ofaa4 Ike officera in the centre, Capt. Niwiox ap- decision will fully cover this class of securities given Quinte to Belleville, where an opportunity will also sion yesterday, and among toe first business was costs.tSe esteem sad regard in which we hold youiscLf and paid me In asking me to preside at this meeting, both rect. At this point the house of the late Mr. ZiuniiE-the corpa you ttommand. It is now more than thirty because it Is an evidence of your continued confi- MAN is engaged lor the Prince's party, and Uie cot-jears B:rce the ues of amity and fraternal feeling dence In the soundness of my political principles, and tages at tbe Cilfion House fur otner guests.which unite us to-day were first knit together. It because it afibrds me an opportunity of commencing in Hamilton the arrangements, so far as the Gov- and Chicago Union Railroad, twenty-eight miles west is more than twenty years since the two the proceedings of the Convention, by bearing per- ernment isconcemed. are only yet in progress. The of tols City. This will cut off much of the curiousattention and outside pressure which would have at-tended the hearing In this city, and leaveallthe moresonal testiiuony to the talents and the virtues of theCumpaaies were so united that each member of ourcorpe la thereby a brother-in-arms of yours, and each:nemb<r of yoiu company a brother-ln-arms of ours.We have not forgotten, either, your ow*q generous elect, to the Presidency of the United States. [Great will also be put In preparation, ana at this point hotpltailty in times past, or the many acts of frlend- cheering.} the duty of the Department, so far as Provin.ual lo-dlsiicgulshed gentleman whom the Republtciin Con- vention has no aiinated, and the people are about toCommissioner goes West to perfect them, as -aUo those for the good City of London—where the citizensequivalent of $1'J2^ sliare.The second mort-ATTISIPTS niSimportahtta?SwUom\'""?'. ra points Of a more general na- of the murder perpetrated to LoweU,eaUwShed ;"[,'*ashoemaker.Aboutofa^'""«"»rheforiclan,he fuUpaiticulBrs800J0gIFH^BBIDOHAlI. 60 160property second,only $3,000,060 paidfirstcent, accu-^-^r^.rif^.-.i^'":"''*''»»amanofundoubted onthel9th,byBBTAjraMooBi, f.do .,830bea^o^ntheoutersur- UBtilfilewSoaa area are stabblnghim.ThismatterwasadjustedUeul.HOBSAT, Jane 25, A. K.to report maother c«mphn- cent, to be paid on theftee a tlgafaiHamaadB, aad oa'fta other aide tUa "Piaaaatadta Capt Joa R. OaBuas by th« baiBoftha BoatoD LUbt Infontrr, at Newporth R». I_for betwsmthe without its comingMthe road 6*er afl charges for toeof o>°°^ '!ha^; cover theWetaaveJuly. Thenet earnings sixtnacrlpttm^»~ i, one who U indisputably. If not eoafoaaedly. the came to hsr aad entraated adeck which would awntog,avanlBa adailrfrecoscUlatton. She finally coasaatad, aad be ratnraad ^*^°S'^^f^j y«« all know how tlg- to live vrith her. Soon hu Jealous conduct was re-tha PortsmouU. D. L. Sfcklti, Jr., depoiad th^.ofDomesticProduce. TheSpecieaUpmeoUcor-disputant, and mora than to himT"*to •itointheirpar ^AjBerlcaapoiltleisaa. Intoe fore and mainmast:sails ia tba ran; coDld toUbceausad; It was used pace In PortelVets, after ahadlscuialoaB,ha waBopposedtotivalythis port, and an unosuaUy liberal list ot Ixporto equal 9i per cent, surplusafterdi"«°bla pieces.came off to-day. Thasun Aoaa aa mildly aa could compiahaDslve reasonar upon questtona which te- aasUr man he thought it would lie. Another timebonds of the Companynotlnfeifor to hia BDtagenlat at a ready and powaiAiloesued, and »"•the atr was pure and bradag. His ?-,!.• .' 5?*'=^,: •,'TM« for-reachlBg grasp of In- Mrs. MsoBB found a dull hatohet bahtod her hus-$3,505,813. afainat ||>,873,U8 "J>The trans-measure merely temporary,100 do 60 do IS dodo»60 e^s- »30 s- '::\'^-,'.' hVJbi'.withHe wasbecause he could be. but because alM he^hback to the Onttetl Slatespre-etesnnhipHavaaa,soversigas ^^bled for a flmtiar purpose.selected not'" ''** moments M^. Mooas;Kaniak, Total.^r^ raOH NXWFOST.ftiKjc Neni-lftiTtt €imts, Monba^t lime 95, unm.staff, baring bean ISTltad to rerlew Iha two compa- tlen by aar means coacluslve evidence of his defeat. It. He replied No, that he would use soma- them wito Ihe nnderstaodlBg tiiat tbey we-esotoa toSjP'dMta.MooBstoagainleaveherhatbead.Oarotremembertoenomberthatt'jUppedevery Americin, tha: iTifSday, iOier alaner, when there waa no oae laths think I went to toe vessel shebouaebut hlinself and wife, withker Utile giaod- ten Capt. Leinas befor*-BomiBar, by a liberal of- dar CoL Tvaaxa, aad he proposed, although It waa The degree of LL. D. was conferred upon Jamis himself with what may be called tbe governmental work of Mr. P. F. voir Sibbolu, published to Bonn, victed of a simple assatilt and remanded for sentence. fering of Merchant bills made liere agaiosttheTlgen," expresaed hla m^at hearty'im Hut for q>eech-inaklng, the health of CoL, Toa- F. ALViasoa, of Genesee College, and Hon. Jakis B. portion of tbe duties appertaining to the reception.GAasxBBiiB, of Missouri. Some important changesThe steamers Victoria and Ladji Head will be sentISH. Mr. Sixbold, being aot a native of the Nether- lands, was certainly a rery impartial eye- witness and reporter of Holland's endearors Intoe Recorder will devote to sentences. The roatoly109|<3IMJcommuuler of the oldest militaryia the ooontiy. In retom, the Colpnel in the Boaitl of Instruction of the Unlversl y. Rev.the presentation of a purse of 1 1, 000 to Prof. Johb essentially of a state character, to make the JOB56T0H, who has just completed his quarter of a iiarmotdze as f.>r aa possible rrith the babita andto leave the Prince dnip and ooU, and there was a miserable look for a cently presenied to him and his lady a magnificent as much as may be to select bis own mode of enjoy-valuable consideratlona like otoer articles addresstagMay 31Add since June 1•49,2sr,aM 6,W1,«H•M.lSl.tll '. . . . . *lja$Jt»icalling mea "to arma." The rain had stopped—relawda were scudding under the sky, the wind blew century in this University. The undergraduates re- tastes of a well bred gentlemandisplay lightened and Instructed the Japanese CombinedSothe effects of a deceasedpleaaant day. A dense fog lowered over the bay, and-at4o'clocknoboatwasInsight. Thebuglesounded "the calL One by one the Tigers" fell In, anl withset of sliver plate as a " silver wedding" gift, anl the Alimini on annrt notice made up a purse of $1,000 for bis benefit. No Instructor has ever gained a higherof customs hoary with antiquity. It is no little grati- fication to ihc Dutoh that they may justly deem them- selres the iLedlum of America's andIncreasein Ihe regard and affection of bis pupils thanthe full numbers of tba Artillery, under CoU Toaiixa, fl'arocfe. JoHssTuif holds In the hearts of the 700 Alumni accompany the royal squadron, although they maypresent political commercial Intercourse with that populous and ex-;;before toe Gen--wtzLmay the companies to^k up the line of march just as the of this college. The presentation of the purse, which not specially belong to tne Prtnce's suite, a portionwas a perfect surprise to the venerable professor, ef one or other of the principal hotels will tie en- Arriving completely overcame him. There have been nu- gaged. Indeed, they would have been engaged ereteLsive Empire. Informed by toe Hollanders— originalwhose authors were the best as well as toe Judgment was entered pursuant to tols reportof Bomlng faintly streaked the East.«t tha wharf, anxious eyes looked for the expected ateaaer which was to bring the gallant corps of the— from wbicbAB most voluudnous authorities to give accountsof the the manners and customs of eral Term. character,appealis now _pendtog4tgBBIt did not arrive until 7 o'clock. Mean while tha "TIgera" psiaaed away the dullneas hr a Bsoek 0>art-martial, with Judje Waus,*c. The Americans have consider-tisffic, profited Pf.nnoyer CentralSavtBty-first.made in and around tho build- ings of the University duiing the year just closed.O.merousimprovementsbut lor the naturallaiidlords of providing at once lor their own ordi-nary guests, and giving up the required accommoda-tion for this occasion. What tbe Chief Commissioner ably bv the experience, knowledge, skill and Inilu- In this case an Injunction order was Issued by Justice MletalganWISCONSIN.-of tha Superior Court, Boston, as Judge-Ad- FarmmortgagesValid—DeclaioaaftheSa- mentHousewehavenotascertained;butaccommo-Toledo Caena nUnolsCentral Panamaplayed. Theweredation must and will be found.From Quebec it is understood to be arranged thatinterpreter to America's Consul- General Harbis, and aa many of the natives respect highly the Dutch, and speak their Idt.guage. they were atile to promote good feelings towards the Americans. Without the services of Mr. IlinsEi:<, toe American and English diplomatistsobstructlnc toe way to Stryker's Bay Hotel, kept by the plalnUff.vocate. It vras capitallyinflicted on the unfortunateagiaeahla to themselves, and were Intended to ben-efit the whole company. The boat bore in sight attha hour stated. "The sun began to glimtner through on the 191b Inst, rendered a decision in the ca^e of lei-.ledthe clouds, and brightened the expectations of every- .Midy. Giimote's Baud, in view of the anxiety res-j} 'Cla&k r*. Fabrisgtonwhichinvolved thevalidityof;Ilepartmeut of Pub-nativellugulsta. HadtheintegrityoftheDutchpro-moted the continuation of a friendly intercourse withJapan, diir'iig tufli a lo: g peiiod it L/csIo*\i.'J tothem alone the distinctive honors to instruct thor- New- York anri New-Haven Railroad Company forculpritsCerraponienrc qfThe Supreme Court of the State of Wisconsin,ttre Priiice will jrroceed westward In one of the lakehighway for thirty years, and that It is the only pas-delay of Lup '.-oat, playeilic V.tjiKs. Tnoprobably be 3 o'clock P. M. So that the squadron will come to anchor Three Rivers aboutri jn at;.*i».»t thefines q<iltepreme Conrt.80«8>««lk 84^«84\«84l« «3J««93%pectlng their friends in tliethe very appropriate air of " Oh, dear! what can theicattet be." Cheer after cheer greeted the Light theOnard. Soon they appeared on shore in their white to the La Crosse and Milwaukee Railroad1....II1 loruei.u-tirn-ffirm will t^iictlfec.-r(-• oat uniforms, neat and Udy, hale and hearty, and for shares of their capital stock.'ormed, with Dodworth's Band of forty pieces, a csm- The decision uf the Circuit Court wasbeforeand to found a verdict for tbe plaintiff for »-2.500.0/brought in mortgage given CompanyAfter Tuesday of last week the Stock Mar-CountyofPodgeto foreclose amidnightand in theItwasbefore triedInFebruary,and thejury toenrapirily improved,speculationfor thethe New-York Times* MiLWACEEi, Wednesday, Jvine 20, 1860.Missouris to the premises. The lane Virginiasknow n as Farm and Mortgages,what arethe Cox'rt iinaraicov!>lv dpcHed ut fax-ar of tte u-galitylarcrer than that bv the eng:!{;edcomcoonlythose instruments. This case was oneMr- P. Hr^rrin« hrniicbt arInjuries received in a collision of their cars In 1854.been madehavelaipaadad vary a^nqiriately, and gave this admira- J. W. LiBOSAT, Frofeisor of Latin and Hebrew, who bability a number of volunteer boats, Including Japan lo open that tmmenie empire to the ships and more.Mar-some time since resigned to take charge of the Thir- some of the best river steamers. In thistieth-street Methodist Church, is to be succeeded by tire wing of the Parliament Bouse Is set apart to theAccordingForeign Trade retonsand Belles Letters, has now alao resigned to take pas- etiquette obaerved towardspart "and\ Louisa Lincolnof the current fiscal year, theAccompanyingconvoy,pro-standtogDistrict Attorney at Balti-Ibisthere will be in allchant bills, and on Paris ftoe absence of toe _I^ettera flraa Gea.TBZ LAW OF TITU TO PBrVATI LBTTKB8.WiUonY. HutiuxeaiOT haa not yet been appointed. as at Windsor or Osborne. So that one of the rooms landers duttog centories an exclusive intercourse uri/'e.- This was an action brought to recover a large were^.Tlgata" tuniad in after midnlglit, with "general Several annual prize* of reward for excellence in of Parliament, the Assembly Room, will be the Royal number of letters and other documents, written by^rien" te a mnatar at daylight to receive andeacort particular departmenia have just been established. A dining-room forthe time—and subject entirely to the with Japan. Had in ttie 18th century the Dulchpisai, Gen. Geo.WashlngtontoCoL Lear. The plainUSs are Add tliree weeks ia Jane;ing his visit, neither impeded by any superabundanse of officious zeal, or made miserable Incessant wor-byhas now about one of the broughtgreatestand mtMtTotal todate..Against same time last yearNew I.oan of United States New-York Central New-York and Erie ReadtogRock IslandsblD and adoration.I'or the accommodation of some of those whomIMXaiMK 81^aSIS«8tX«»>i irrg-aillfiaKV 4«V<a4IM«4IH teit»e:^9nH 26l4a2»a28St 13H«IIV 4984«*{e49Ka4» Wf.aSJ'iJIJl!* •«21< eiH»ti^9SiH l33'')l»>(aiS4this,difficulty experienced by tirethe Japanese, toe dangers of toelr seas, the routesGuaranteed. Robert W. v§. Patrick Bremen.— Michigan Southern, oldmay ultimately he enabled to do in the way of pro- viding extra room beyond the capacity of the Parlia-Mr.aat Chambers ofrestraining toe defendant from gHttoga fence across—or river Ifoatfi. Brobably t^o of these the Quebec,M392 91l,«9l»9llt 48»47>i »4«i« r•;»»»!« «l3»7a96H 7IVa*8!f«74—arc likely to he se- any of these will afford good accommoda-sage leadtogruns from Broadway to the Hudson River, acrossMagnet, Kingston or Passitorl ;platotlfi''8TennesseesIlltoois Central Bonds Hudson RiverHarlem Preferred DelawareandHudson Pii>Hrr-«rT) ard QniticyJ4tiOEs for the Priirce and his chief attendants accompanying squadronand theobligedto compile their treaties InNinety-sixth:to base toelr nautical education upon toe Dutch language, to exercise them in all theprovision for the largest expectedthan one andstowed upon toem by Russia's mighty ruler. Far as Japan is removed from the civilized world, and small as her influence was upon mankind, may the first Im- perial Japanese war-steamer which had ever beenThemunicipalarrangementsof MontrealwehaveII'i—the Street the sales were notOne or two of the Western stocks were a fractiona celebrated Messrs. upholstering firm,every way adapted to the purp >se combining privacy with a special state ceremoney in the forms usually observed during a Royal tcnu'. Half of Mr. RoSf^iB's hotel at the same t>oenUkited States District CotiRi.—Nos. 37, 2o,at lOU Thefbiisinoss in Railway mortgages general- -aWp wUch tho Light Guard have bestowed us. I had the honor of with Mr. LtwcOL^ In the calities are concerned, will terminate. We shall for the quiet borough of Naperville and vicinity If It S.aoo Ho state lis .. mh 100 ilo b«0 49 ly is stronger. The Uichigan Southern issuesSarntanot disturb the Commissioner's dreams, nor those ofthe Provincial Miidster of Finance, what by askingall this will cost, nor shall we trouble the tax payingexclusive field for toe journals to work away at tolssoldonare so well prepared already toof the Companypublic by spealilng in detail of furniture bills;of—E. B. 4!hM. Bs. 6S 1.000 Bod. R. fi. 2d H.IOO 4,000 M C. K Sp.c 1stinob30 29 2S'ie60 28 .sW 28aawed. One aight Mrs. Mooss was awakaaed by hsrbogwsa of that 01 a shlKMg-masterrBnd shiBp;!TM «itwrespond very closelycooperate."sive and hideous features. It will prove a sensation 3,000 Va. State 63bW) 49', bio 49danghter and his Idiot la^Ne^-Tsrkson, a youw sen M yeara of I ever a erew let hte bafora I do notbe came down from the atfle to the kltshsa, what tsrahdieppheadkas be^ In ;and bury at work, and asked her to has been to tba Caast «f Africa bafora. BtesBshipAngoa, Havre, Oalflbmls baa... aaf.?J?P.**^ help bim pack hu tMngs, prepara- JoJbi r. Bmakiftt that he Waa the en- BteaiBship Tige, LlTarpoel, gold eetotorygoing to Somerviile. She aoiaSMd. aad Alter they badbeengoae soaeas athM there will be tues of the Dutch,—andno meanntst, ntUker kumiU'Thara waa great ehaeriag for the Union. The toralebarga of the M. £. Church at Tarrytown, N. the aama observance of privacy In dinner Invltatlooa etioB"—were the pitoclpal agente to aUow the Hol- wife, vs. BdwarJ Y. Rigtee and Foaay L. Higtee, kis Merchandise from July, 1859, to May 31, alt,tfcatt Maada the " Light Guard." I may as weU here lew yeara since Mrs, Olik, in memory of her excel- control of the household accompanying the F rise 9. at that time the only free one of tbe European eoaU- tlie representattres of Col. Lear, to whom the lettersTotaltodaUTo sBBsa time last yearIncrease sines July, ISM.appmd the liat of oAcers of Company A, Bostonlent and gifted husband, who was so long at the head ofiheUBlverslty.made a donation to the liutltntlon,Of course we are not in Canada entirely accustomed to these things. But we believe it Is the only way la which what Is properly a state visit can be carriednent, contributed Immensely to the foundation o(were written and sent by Gen. WasUagtoik The letteis havtoc in some way come Into the possession of toe defisndant, Mrs. Bigbee, the plaintUEi broughtngars, which were aalected for the present occaalonAmerica's and liberty,advocated warmly her causewould be available when tbeflaptala Cemmandant, Ralph W. Nawtoni Adjutant, amounted to t500. The interest of this sum was out in harmony with the observances of the Imperial Courte, wtten the American cotonlea were suffning tols action In the Supreme Court to recover them. The sajua tables make tba Export* ofwbldtOkadaa O. Rogers; Aid, JohaR. Hall; Quartermas- then 10 be appropriated for an elocutionary prizelar, imiaa Cmaatonthe the deficiency by an annual contribution for the Prince, it is supposed, will naturally do at Quebec as—PayBaatar,Joha M. Clarkcontributed;.century extensively tocluding ForeignSurgeon, C. E.piibllc levee,thattoe America's;:capital;Buckingham until thia sum may be used, the Preatdent stippUes ntatioDa to dinner or of awaa Dutohagain press presentDoBiestic ProduceMiscellsaeoasCourt. Apart ftom tha formality of select iD-— and In toe greatest distress, ^itto ths ItthThe defence waa toat toey had no titte to the letters, or right to the custody of tiiem.and articlesTbe Issues were reHsned to James T. Brady, Esq.,Sergeant-Hsjor, Alber^ purpoae. The prize the present year haa been award- he would do at hooie. He will see ths interestiag iavorable intercourse with Japan, as it was the prin- who to March last made Ills report. He la of opinioo TS..*if'"''^?"fr,reexported)OaM; (tuartnmactn'a Sergaaat, J. M. Rice. ed to Mr. G. A. EasiiBB, of Rtpon, Wisconsin. sights of the neighborhood without being obltgeJ to cipal agent to inform its of tliat whatever may be tlie right of toe writer of let- Add three weeks ta Juaa people America's.anparal-Tha eocpa appaara aa a battalion, with four com' Three other prizes hare just been founded; one for travel in perpetual state. At the Governor's resi- eied wonderful development, grsalness and Infla- ters to demand them back btaa the petson to whom and nnmbers SO men, including officars, with excellence in rhetoric, by Rev. Job* Pabub, of Her- dence he will naturally occupy more of the position ence. The Dutch newspapers were the only foreign toey are addressed aiBl sent tha latter is entitled toTotal to datepanlea, one for excellence in ittaiuaa'a famoua band, numbering 30, tncludiag, of iden.Conn.;toem asIf have value as lit- theyAgainstsame time last yearof a" Rev. C. CoLLAXD AiAKS, of Massachusetts, and —precisely aa he might be a guest at the house of Dutoh language was the only one cultlrated ia the erary property, toe recepieat has a light ta hold andsiBuiaa, the eommaiwling form of oar Dram-Hajor." avotber (object not stated) by C. Walsi, Esq., of any nobleman or gentleman at home. The ohject. In " Hermetic Einptre," with a posltlre exclusion of aU preserve them, subject to whatever may t>e the light Early Wednesday morning there was a stir at Newark, N. J. short, will be, as far as Quebec U concerned, that otoeis. Aided by the moral tofluence, and based on of toe author to reclaim and pttollsh them. If theythe fiscsltoheadquartsia, aad the voice of a " Tiger" was heard One of the most interesting events of the week was while his visit will be attended by certain ceremonies the lutegtlty of toe Dutch, tills powerful Press en- have value as autographs tbey may be disposed of for throughyear,went for tbe menso merelyto elected He was nrrralaated «Si h^J?,'"« xpwn, with his bead covered ment or undenitandlDg that tbe mea should go on any . .Donwoan's mu.le was splendid G'iu^i"oaTat»^«sl- ought be, t>ecau«e, SI TM i^' ^'»'"» *bat he rru murdered. otoer than that detned In the article, or for Agamst «I,620,3T1 the same week last year. Thabest DoBwoara's to martial muilc, and wbl'e in avallsMllty h« waa auoertor to all, be wu J?» .ZSl""! <»i' o" «be atreet, and oajraSit a voyage flarenoaUaat|M^ iid whloii waa charaqtartxad by thakM|M Meeaas. Praoipted by tha genarooa frlend- & Guaaa, of the American Band, played In fitaaas Inferior to none. And what presage "a*rethewagespaidwastifaBOBtk, Bob-Treasuryatanda tS^K.. consderabla diipiaMt of HUcls si^a..^j- Jfn\mtWai retnra to be inade on afternoon although the Ming off bthree obaera ti thqr AooOag heartyl%Mda«aatdlan, thar headed not tha atona, aad Ronsa candles; I can bow almost hear tha aweat Hahub were fist annoaneed. Let a* then iolemnlr book was also discorared which contained a nambar spiniS tot^sssSirUm to thewelcomedc<.lk* Maw-Totk I4|^ OnanL The "Ooanta" It waa a source of amtoal regret, that the Light nottcd la the calm saautaace of certain triumph. of which had been discharged. The pistolwe to draw from the manner la which tha oom:.nanlla^ _Ji"7. of Lnoou and Babub haa been I'eMlssdBiaratiallLovbjov, who waa to the street; tl8 advancenever ahlpped a crew;for a slaveU|M-e«(f*aadaanaa(aaaatatemaatthaireoauadaa bonnOfUdlnier,withereiyeplcoroandishofthe fideaee,exultation. TheirantagonistshareheardIt fiJ;l'''i5»''*'^i'*,.P~"ofbtood. OnorneaTher watches:neverheardthecrewstatethattharwareTlflan," fha latter"*^,.f''A-^^-haveit withconfaoaae, when he found Mrs. Hooaa in.ths testified under ohleeliOD—Rase tadtl ware in dlArea*Republieanaka(«.avdjalatB«taelal rtiialoBantte aaatTeiaarr irlth confusion, coastemation aad dlaaay. We are left haad was a five barreUed revolver, aU the barrels afteraMMtoaed ttalr protjacM axeaialaa to Saratoga aad Gnart were compelled to return ao aooa. Tkaano- They are divided, broken, rooted I—a<taalyjofcia < l»tha monamai, waa a for Ita ooaMnuaoce during to lead their battle, but to cover their retreat.tastUed na-pected todinUniah« perienced, warraat_Tha i^itnX of tt* TIfan," on WeJaeadar eret- the weak. The "TIgera" escorted the "Guards" toWe aie met aomewhat late but not too iadeed,qualified bydeUverioa of 80*arasdexprasa&e«;ceaa of tba calebratloa, aad thepleaanra which aU ex- bops la to rally under a leader dexterous SBangh,net Mooas, below, several timea stated that his slaveapprobation,lateneverheaoradwho were. byJwlMlfrMtb«DOttbeaat;but,Ilkaa '•OoodBye."Acromwodyaudpofnfathmeidwlnrfgavlaoctkheetma Inatlcn,utotewrhaincehweheindtvhteduanlalymgnaroefaLpiroomopmtand hbliomodymatrheknstwoeartehuevweirfyewhaedredofnoeunsdo. AIntahecaotutnlte Wm.S.K«»KiR,mateoftheFnltmhteiytk.tesUiad— tbeSouthandWeet.TheDomesticEuhaageau^ vadar aaeost of the Newport ArtlUeir. 6ItT yet aad sttalna of the aunlc on tha atUl erealng air, ratify the nomination. The National Conrentlon haa o( msmoraadums which proved that Moobb had long IheMonday.aMt—who aU toned ont to a man to five thorn a as the head played plalatlTaly, "Hoate, Sweet Home." done Its dnty.~ It remains that upon the first Tues'lay meIanttMaotoeada'a murderw.as found aViMB neepdoB—tbar waded tnroagh the mad andMRkadnpto tba tana of "Jordauaoaa hard roadtkim**!.' wUch Gllmora'a Boston Band pU]red ad-^UMt- Tba wharf waa lined with people, notwltli-l)g^|gg Ike tenibia atorm, aga^aat which umbrellaaLong life and ancceas to the gallaat Naw-York Lightof Norember we tin common with our Republican brethiea elsawheie, do oura.Tha Friaee>a TIalt ta Caasda.AM OCTUIIS or THS PBOOKAHU OF PBOCHD-IB08.Fntm tke Qiubec Chnmicle, Jmu 19.of wtiloh the pocket followingis asbigular documeat, :" bla» Baaunoth cabbage*." Port-firea,A.Both the signatures were evidently In Moobs's ous check for t3M offthe Market and acent in all our particular-•an UkaJSghti, Roeoan eandlea and aky-rocketa ahot ap from aatkan locaUtlaa along the line of march, and gave adefraudtog AppletooOaksmlthln means of asnori-azsItaiBant to the ocoailon, and waa auch an of alacare hoapUaltty under dlfficultlea that il bptr compenaatad for the uBmerclfal drenching atilehlfta rata gave fhaa. The A.rtillenr, Col. Toa-and withoutcent, matead of to 8 4^cent.while attha(lowtag;The Dntch In Japaa. I» tke Kiitor qftke l^ew-Vork Time*:your isaue of June 12, under;clUzeni of Newport. At fenedBiunswick and Prince Edward Island. In the L>werbelongingto that nation which founded the chief ele-for a divorce, and Mr. Is her lawyer. Mr. Glasseythe next four or six moottia, are toGuard!HIPPARCH08. WB8IATAN VlUVBBSirr.copyLovsiL, Juae 10, IMO.PBITKBCE8 —ABD BATTgRT. last news from England, sdvlstog a ful-CaasBwaeeBeBt Ezeielaea—Degraaa la Oaaise bbA Haaarary—Chaacea la tke B«ar4 af laatraedaa—Prisea BacaMtahed.)tRecorder BAasABs on a chargs of false pretences, tocent, market in LooAm^^ «•^^tht ffew-Yark Timet.ComtfondtmuofMiBBLaiowa, Conn., Thursday evening,June21, I6CU.gerieralobierved In the reception of the Princebeing oracular, we may be able to give our readers a seteial idea of what will tie done. The publfc hare^The festivities of Commencement week at the been under the laboringthat a Wesleyan Unlrersily have just closed with the usual Dorilon of tbe arrangement would be sketched out in B, eacofted the "Tlgen" to their head^quarten gallierlng of the frii uds and graduates of the institu- England. This, we have reason to believe, Is not thehe was detected a head of a byIha FlllBiore Hooae—where there was a profuse tion at the bousa of the President, Rev. Dr. Cum- case. Nearly everything is left to the auhorltles ing words:"The Dutoh to Japan, naturally morti-his possession He was convicted of an attempt touneaai-neas there felt in regard to the grain or at cropa,and despite the unfavorable weather which teeata bed been mad>! fjr a grand receptJOB has prevailed a long part of the time, the occasionsingle daygrand larceny, and was remanded till to-day for sentence.dlsplarof pyrotechnlea.The most ll^pml arrange- iHas;seeinghome from the moreof theRev. Rassoh Dcbh, of Boston,The time haa come when thesome outline of the programme likely to beandimpressiongreatIn" The Tycoon and his Envoys," I read the follow-here, who, it is understood, have now t>een for the fitd at first dme notified officially that the departure fromthe annihilation in aof a commitpublicaccounts,Isiory note for toe of paymentted, toe evidence conviction.tS75.He_We agree to die together this nl^t.^BTANTKOOXK, K. A. VOORC.Tell Hr. Sakitbi. Woobtbb after this M be an honest man. and have a wife of his own.'TAI.8XOn Saturday, Dennis Sayre was tried before ler 4expect hsrdwritlr.g. Mooaiwas allveatlast bode fair to recover,prom- was acquit- being manifestly insufficient forwill take place on tbe lOlh Tne monopoly which toey had won by two centuries of proximo.active movements of trade,EnglandRoyal convoy wlU make St, John, NewfoundUnd, todescrlbable humiliation and meanness, made them-Alexander McKenzle wasbattery on Solomon J. Glassey, to a billiard saloontried for an assault and later in the season. There is an improved confi- thwarted the detailed performance of the demooatra- At the conclusion of the Commencement exercises their first landing point ; proceeding ttience to Hall- selves responsible for this statement," (the death of at the comer ol Broadway and Nlnto-street. Mr. dence felt among our business people tliat our Do-of both compjinias, but the gerce atorm ompletely has been one of much Interest.tlona, and waa an unfbrttmate barrier to the happy proper thia afternoon, the degree of B. A. was eon- fax—from which plane tbe Prince will go to New- the Tycoon.) A lady, native of the Netherlands, and McKenzle, It appeared, hu a wife, who is sutog bim mestic Exports of grain and provisions,through39 members of thethair hMdqnarten In the apacloua dlaing-hall a boim- Th<n 25 persons who giaduated at the Unirenity re- and tbe arrival of the royal fleet in the Lower 8t meiit< of the basis of America's glory tod grandeur, Mrs. McKenzle is locatedfree, and this is encouraged not less theby promiseof our own harvest than the near prospect of a «b*titffoiljnatleewaaglrentotheeatables. CapL A.lt.,proeaiuihonori: Rev.D.C.Jicoxas,of therefore,theCanadianarrangementswillnecessarily hiswidely-circulatingpaperforitsvindicatlen. To bywayofretaliation. Mr.McKenzle,whowasde- gooddemandabroad. TheForeignKxcliangas,inand Mr. McKenzle, act- Vlul anppar waa proTided for the wet and weary ao!- ceived the degree uf A. M. in course, Lawrence Is confidently expected to take olaue not expects of the lenae of justice and right of its Im- ing under toe Impression toat Mr. Glassey is the csaie dlan,to which they marched In undreaa unlfoim, and Tttefoliowlog geinlcmca received the degree of later than the 6th or Hth ot August. At {his point, pescher that he shall willingly open the colamns of of all his trouble, committed the assault, as alleged,"thanka for the honor and well-doing of the escort veniiy.Michigan Universityand these arrangements will be con- fended Mr. John McKeon, asserts that before com- the absence of Cotton bills late in tlie;commenceducted almost prove that the Dutoh did not wish to enjoy the privi- byto the Flench language, to nearly all the Europeanimprovements. Holland's generosity has offered the splendid war-steamer Candmamarrah as a present toand Holland's honesty, skill and accomplishment were rewarded by His Majesty with the same exceptional disttoction, which moreon several de- cen'., and tlie de- niand at the early Board on Sa"'irday waa large and well distributed over the general list. The Brokers took a half holiday and the Slock Ex- c'-ange was not opened for a second meeting. Oa—days ago, eleven monthsthepolice officer to toe act of rob- bing gentleman of his watch In front or the Metro-wurmi angoWintgUiamand tlielr only bloody hwuhtotwhearae waa no blood on Mrs. M's haad oer obieetSKosiMn,g,anadnotdheenrieodf theaterhew,evaelraoahlppad for a thistha Oalifonta,wife had shot him and then killed herself. Hooaa voyage,falntaelf had three bullet wounds In his „*'"'»" ««»«, another of toe defendants, testifiedin gene- brllliaot achievements, and broken the enchantment person should be delivered to his personal represen-uUvts toat their chsracter and value may be ascer- tained. Hetoereforedecidedtoattoeplaintiffs wereentitled to recover toe letters fh>m toe defendants they having succeeded to all toe rights of CoL Lear, the recipient.with the physical force of Com. Pikbt's squadron Itral toepapersfoundamongof their communications, the ready means for theirObstmetlon of the Highway.Michiganoftoe Netherlands, who acquired a thorough knowledgeencethe Dutch.Hewskik, by birthnative ofLsosABP, littlngihe Supreme Court,6! «)««MH«im(oftbeclfficult wasthe Japanese language,andfromotherwisewould have beenwill of course be much English, and been left to the entire mercy of theand Ninety-sevento streets. DamagesfornRailroadColliaiaa.oppositemorning arrangements may beoughly the science of navigation to tbe Japanese atand themade for tbe of addresses Irom the mu- pieseBtalionNagasaki,nicipatautbori'lesotttie piace.the Arrived at Montreli!, the Prince will take up hisSuperior Court, assist them In toelr counterfeiting of Dutch H. G. WheatonJudge Bosworih,jury em roads, as tbemovement in thedifferent branches ofto build toelr model warand steamera,heavylight artillery,previousoppo-which resulted from tbe arrival of tnefirst Dutch ship that, in 1609, by the display of Hol- Bonnet, J. Coffin a/^ neighbors.^bleland's respected Tricolors, planted the seeds of free- der granted.dom and of her na- todependence heroic, enterprising— -blessingscent. hid.asd voyageSpecieslaves.aome further head, asd that toe paasengers came deck sad went below aihd Gold coast steamertion on the tertiie shores of America. If cargoes ofgoods manufactured by tbe Japanese, almost exclus- ditionally.ively known by the Hollanders, reached their shores, MtlloryvB. Irviiu, 4-1:.—First motion granted and but as the stork bad risen 'Ilong before tbe American Union existed, the present second one denied.beingsold down to60}The Circuit Court of this county came in ses- he afforded for a display ; and from Belleville the brought up the decision on the moUon of the defend-ant lor a charge ot venue in toe celebrated Biirchdivorce case- Di her application the defendant askstoat the hearing m.iy be removed from a communitystrongly orejuoiced against ner, and the pidlatiff ar:- 34, 3S, 39 to 44, toclnslve.to it remained oediig this, onlysettle to which By toe decision— — —SuPBXHE iCorsT CiBcciT. Part I. Adjourned tocounty the case should be taken.Part /I.— for the Term. Adjournedfavorablywhich the case will be fought.Naperville, is toe County seat of Du Page County,CoBMOB Pleas.—The General Term will be to Ses- sion.MONETARY AFFAIRS. Bales at tha Slack BxchaBge....Jt;Nx »..104^ 100 H. City Land Co .on I Reading.several miles from any line of railroad, aod reached most readily from Winfield station, on the Galena..ira 250 Mich. Cen. R sensation" tlicme when it shall open all its repul- l.OOOTenn. 6l"90. .. 92', lUO ^doetoeteras whichnor of toe endless for as a Cointnlttee topaidhave also advanced to 50 p cent,for choice winesoccasions make the final account. Tne ciety Promoting Agricolture,250 M. 8. F. C. Bds 97 100;on such upinsympathygajra you and > ouri^ilrfV?,?' ""=* *' P'«-sented our honored and be- which an ambitious man would voluntarily have truth is we have ail, witliout dlstiactian of part)-, character of toe cattle disease, before on »,0(H) do 97)4 Panama with the continued iinproiii:i''i-t in Shares,departing their mission received a request from Mr. CLiusotc, of toe United States Patent Office at Washtogton, re-do .seo.isiH l.OOOM. So. 2dU. Bs. 49!; 100 Illinois Cen.R. S'p. 03!4aresloipc In Nebraska City, committed suicide on the SOPac.M. 8, Co S30 90»4 itn do.ofI3to hlm-^elf with a revolver, lie was by shootlpgjuEt racovertog from the effects of a drunken frolic. LAW REPORTS.reserved *4,0O0,O00 for theSidneyclearance had nonetion of toe four parsengers, 1 presume I gave to thecleartogvoyage;100 rlo -. Pref.Sl£»!4 too LaCrosaefciUll.R. < fibroker clear toelr usual wayverypreyionacent, in Panamathats wassnce of toe Ftlmmtk's toeythebom CaptTlilaas aslave voyaae.oraayvalueF«2m<m«ik,fiiSugh^""^^ ^TtS°fnaIbetweea Kwas wtth the rest of th* not whether it had emagainmoderate weelk of Foreign Importa^oo, atfbtmmmmathaq than that dpulhad InBona for tha Coast did not; shipthe Dry Goods table Id our last paper, anttDnnt<»» hesentanamBaaMdeoattaidtoaUpof tbebuBiBe» of;Che.,Bar.*()Jt.B3t do s«04iit Ul Del,, Lacfcir. B. »*" adjourned tows:^The case was hereOenetal Sasaloaa.h^^^xTohave also partiBlly tamed againstnow, as usual in Jtme, the course of Specie is to- wards Kew-Tork from all parts of tiie country. We look for no considsrable change in tha OmISlate vs. Ihe Phmnii BiinAr.— ofMichiganweek TOlrSTO;$7,000 O. 8. 6« '14. l.CCO r. S. 6« '65.^ announce-...,92H'4cent,OBAItD LABCBBY—aSgAULT count average at Bank either way. Since theet vs.on conditions. Bodartha, 4e., vs. UaUaer, 4c.—Order granted con-week's than theNutting vs. H'rigAt.-Judgment set aside, wito $10 SkttU) vs. Stem —Order granted, with f10 costs.resumption6 &Bud.C.Co91 SO do -• •SOO Readingdo .-b:lB*t]l3M 7»bntweek. Theie is a recovery(ban the <^ M Vofweek last saason. The Import entiies, includingwhen they can b* "»"Bank,James C. Glover waa placed on trial, cliarged witogrand lareeny. On toe day of tbe Japanese reception to accept even lower terms than beforery loan,thuspoUten Hotel, and was arrested with toe wateh la change that may occur in Eiuope from the;theTo-day will be toe last day of the June term, which other Exports. The present rates aieByre£yre,ImportsForeigatoemselves to toe sentiments or fancy.Strykcr's Lane,It Is claimed that tois " lane" has been open as a Pacific Mall.,kitof$tli;nSM» ll,atr,4l«9a»M».*M ll<,ort,4Sr $9,Tni,9KGoods, (tat-•n,aM,ei» 6,lM,rtItnjm,7n MfiKJM(ITMMB The saine tables make the Export of Specieketdisagreed. On toe second trial on Satorday, to the rise was quite as spirited, particularly on the West-lower thanIOr- firm, S2|i®' W Iat the Board.IIcent, after on the second week's re- turn, the sellers tot another decline moved with somecaution. BockIsland,whichsoldearlyinthirdtraffic insame week last season-^low as 67 vras in demand at the close J,lessa turn ot ^discoverdiscount rates agfainat mercuitUe bills,ly ol the longer dates, and we now quote 5 to 6^holdingcommandibr anyfeelon London for Bankers' aodsensiblyto Uteta Cal. I«ar. at this port, which we published someIncrease sines 18S9 .uly 1,stock was rather— ment of the |5 assesament foi July 20, the rumor93 't too dol.oro Brook. C. W. L 104 J« 4«0 M. So bN.I g.s. 29 ""1.gage cent.Saturday^ on the road and its640,1cent, on Delaware and Hudson,4»;;^mand for thein-depresstheir means atsinceJulylcontsi or thi stock kxohijioi fobt9;SSi4Mtheplaintiff; W. site direction. The recovery in prices, against arelief affordedcent. The was speculationin Toledonual report, which holds out an improved pros-if not^and 3 ^ cent, on Delaware and Lackawanna.The last sold up to SS on Saturday, ex dividend, whicli, counting the recent dividends of 18 and 6 ^ cent., affords the holder, if ilisposed to sell, themortgage of tlie ovpr-diic second mort- be effected on or belore theto theBoston, so that JSBSauency, Governor SPBAacx, witli his general ^r?**.' J?!; "'I*'',.?;"'*'!'- '''»• »&PnblliaaB of baadt troak. She asked him whetber he In- BUnols did r.oi bold the official returns gf (hat eltc- tended to kill her and her daughter withthe articles:year. T&e Exports of DomesticProduce and Via- uponwhichthadividendIs doclartd.the menThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069,IlsUniedwww.fultonhistory.com 