 NHM*4 -tha (»7 iandKuMa-«tK«ti.of har hiubaod. 8be did nothlag to diaooniaga, hot aaach to foatat theIMarmSnuiW^ IBIAXH—OTOUnBmitb.most nnllke to each other and to our ewn.The first formal ever sent Embassycommitted whan antipathetic hands at the altar.ThatisiB--Md ofthe people rafiBeeimt of •{•?"•agreat peopletowardslateetofnpoarsptttatioaSpcetkBUrtaH SAUJWr-HO. »Ba»0 >BBCA»T.quarrel,WI B»OA»WAT-Kianj- the steameni necessary to convey his gallant ical, with the editor ofthe Tribune. His p^)er tative of the long line of kings Mohave Utterly unlike in all other respects, the wi£gXK.riSHEB'SSTATURVmTOTRBOOTODB(MK- MltrB.Etwooa Foaas appeared before tbe Covode Cas- Bltlee agaia to-day, bat Mr. Wnaiov iliillasd taIMTnaSalMlac, noUnsCheintenae admballon widoh waa always*W itaiM>il»ilii| riliii Two Osm, nrrvd at BHon aviait to ourahowa foririiwii.»«]nMrMKTinS(IMIr)ii »«>U*^:.Mk2«S»aiiM Six Dmi^m • y*u. waKKtoasmm(smi-v«ki7>-jrnuMarket, yesterday, by him to pay down on call," to the organiza- daya for the drive.the bril- liant and nnfoitonate Connteia of LovaLAUa;•MMUna£Z^uLZgiaiD«MaMn«teT«nnDouiU ^iv^^l^iiSS: t^oapiM to•»K.lfoJrCentr.1. 81i®» .«*» '''"wfi-th^o'ut lodierously disproportionate with the financialThe PriBoea mmi. the Repnblie.Withia a very few weeks this country wU' Lady Btbon were numbered to tha laat,,»«w-RrkOlty."At the Lira Stock Marketa there were of-fered, indudinc the day prerious, S,SS8 bullocks, their brethren organizing in Sicily, and ofTWSM firmation of their creed in the and tha sorrow and aaeaiaadly by vaani, batvlftVAUMKVtaw-MHUVcr Tnuou-iMOKAB-BLACK-Kmthay joinedO.4M.aWUBirAT—riofnumber of com- mimications from various parts of the coimtry, concerning the action of Mr. Gbxelxy, aa dele-BOOn—Kim Gnun' Coaom. OOOCK ivnixun—Pa lut't 0«cn or Duw.iliey!rope in general,and England in particular, have cause they can serve no useful public purpose, Never before has snch a compUmeat been movements.na .Old School General Assembly closed its aoastnnn at Bocheater yesterday. Beyond the ap- poiatmeDt of Commissioners to visit the Synod of Frdf6e,''the' eloeing proceedings were without in-Tha he^Uiitat of Mtstachnsetts met yester-day bt spadal aaarion at Boston, to deliberateupon t^ nMWs «f jncaMng tto. cattle epidamic.Tliis concerned,—7 ishof the First Lord Auckland, fromCi4>ltol dome.^^^^^^^ 8BNATB..have received agreatfrom the East and fromthe same time and on the same errandcome from opposite quarters of the globe to study the sources of our greatness, and ex-called to move had little to ;do bolmbythalBpoctantqaeetiouwUohliiiiup between DesBSik and the Oemaaic OaalMan-•M BianiBV-llAumaau KiaAuau. gAUXIH—easaaaOaaoii*!ManuaLS.character. half of benevolent popular and philanthropic croachmenta. SeBor Mouba has rTtlftni theniW>ft»r»>T* arOKfaoDasaa.hare been forced toKSWB OF THE DAY.Tto EEoo. W. H. 8»WA»D appeared in hia aeateruption, ery day witha cis-AUantic shore, or condescended to lookupon the workings of a democracy. Still morewho made their namesow IH rrrm Dol'''itow'waa a tower Stockthe apeculative tion of an army in the Papal Statea, ao l®*«?^onmo.tof ah^*hismemory by their only child, Ada,HxposiaoB of ite Jobamttfe5S demand latthatowMtetab ntM. Spwiaeo were WOO baJee. atofex-monarchs in a Venetiancoffee-house,ofIn ttia Beoate, and W84 wannly received tion againsttil OwifriTt of both pattiea. Mr. Slidell, in the diSerent standard from that which they keepstriking is this concurrence, when it is consid- their ^apecial prominence in the very different to add lOBietliing to his previoos taatlmany, ta vlaw; also,waeM* in'the leat of tbe year, from Sacramento when he left the Sardinian shores was pre-|4a£|M amraally mSS^oPMdand, Oregoo, t^th" SrSi^liC^^Sr^' Wl.Tf'^eSat HNrcr««r|MO,000. Kr. Latham referred to the gnat InUnat felt in thla aubject by the peopleof OaSan^ which waa of more importance to theailiMnthePacificBailroad. Inreplytoobjec- tiona aa ta fite coat of this Overland Mail-service,that if the postal system was to be caoaWarad solely with a view to the amount oflacaNed by it, it would be better for theQo*aiaineBt to abrogate the entire Post-officehamoMyto take ous than he had represented it ; tbe supreme command; English journalistsnaiatkedhas thusof the most conservative stamp openly derideat not more than $100,000 ., .,liaans in this memorable season. The cousin wide social influence, would almost seem tomany, in which he will ahow that Mr. Bseataaa waa prove folly lafbnaed of the fscts coasacted wiaDeaaitBant, and surrender the carriage of thethe notion ofthe hero of Varese asus, who once was here in the pleni- acter, the difficulties that environthe mostWdaya, aad ha lafeasd t*dailjstrongHislegal positionA rtetng«,flM vtlfhsaggedon*;9rMrec«lved Jhat subscriptions might be lawfully madequarters speaksension in the Republicantherefore, not at all surprised when persons ofsenseandcultureransackthenewspapersof itissaid,aretoholdasecondaryrankinthecon-TuoicAs L. Haxbis was passed. Mr.Wiofau.,ofTexas,(Dem.,)calledattaatkatoin which aa was «sttastfroaaGov.Bajiu,andreferredtoajaiatcom- mitlae.The Methodist General Coofirenceyealenlay the affidn ofthe Book Ckmeein, and ofthe educational uistitutiMs belonging to tha de-Boaiinstion. Incnasedsufiotlie promotion of the cause of miniiterialedAaaiiDa. The Committee onsnInuUnd confliating reports, which were laid crime to plot in London the assassination of a over. TheSlaveryresolutionshavingbeentakenWe see noevidence of any such effect. There is im- other years, and recognize in them the verythese, but not exactly like any of them. Politics, duct ofthe new enterprise.the bouT ofSovereign law on tkeof the French. But whatever the— NoMr.TanMBCu,at intheOmstHalM*adjoununent. ,^» •JV°Pfi"'''n.bavingless than fivehouses in New-Tork announce forthcomingte an artlele and that.UUtun forthebyLeg-pointobject which they esteem noble merelybecauseitistechnicallymost fastidious could takeobjection.And weBiog- Bostonattackinghisof Mr. had'lead his remaiklenergywithout discussed, action,andvarious,feelingsopinionsup, were brieflyUni^S^hraPpHcation, thtuu hUresident of Paris who happens also to be theproposessuspicion will epitomize tbe files of the daily newspa- volume an instructive book for boys.Senator from Texas.—been made maintenance ofHiMUl upon one of Mr. DAm' raaolotionB, aaa Mid ifth* editorthe Ei'^k^S!!T'T," »PPl'«ltothe Mayors ofjLiS^n^?^'"l.".uf°'in whichle ^ra^e,atatamait People's Edition," as to his position. He had nerer denied that C«n-«i]^ ^ Comnuasioners ofmay that neitherhavebeen. Itisalreadyevidenttheywill find in the columns of well-edited and— TheBaaUhOfficersot theport,andMarine Hospital, are by the existing statutes vesiedThese are the;public"is aLeipsic, commencing Library ofthe editor of th* oada'withample power for that purpose, without qp«<|4 appropiistion, and that it would be an uii-;GAKiBALDrs ex-and thatvrill support the aiHoination with vigor and sent the various shades ofwa M aagtrt^'aa"s^o^mptioDrepre- ;with Btbox.French, Russian and Armenian, in parallel col-h* would a otaraument waa heard on the of Jjni"». applicationsup-ridingis also coming more into vogue since aLady Byron.appealed to Mr. HalstowithdrawMi siMMsfaMr. Platt for aaawB to approve the bonds submitted by him aspressingHere for is months placeWeCityPlatt, and Mr. Evabts- for the perenutoryriandamm to the gramfd, at the close of theprovoking prosecuted. their hour efChamberlain^thaopenlyof the odious anddomestic relations with her illustrious husband-PBtST0!f.—The fu- of Soutli Carolina, took atColumbia,thecapitalofthatStale. AnIm- mense concourse of people, Includfaa friends and coimectlons of the decensed, assembled to do honor tothe dead. them were theKiHG, of Ubaileston,OreeovlUe, and others.Trinity Church, where tha foseral servicesAt ihc Commissiohersnot a fewpersonsvenf rableJudgeinvestigatedwhen exponents—many for speedy publication the early history of Gov. language was attilbated towasdeemedneces- Lay delegationabut earnestfect the result of the election. No one at- and judgments of a by-gone age.andK (slss. qaa to vUmttfappropriations fromscribingandimproperforthemtodoso. Thisisthepoint encespreparing stillIn OeUbllad Blatea CbsuitJndgf tPWMI and Bmauxt overruled the mo- pedition with;nearly all the circumstances in umns,Mr. Sunxu presented a reportthe Committe appointed to lnT«stl»«te chaigaation ftr Ml Meat ofanaW. 1100^ •oametad ofa«a& kl ednMettoB with the sloop nArders. Hicks wiUba acnteitMd on Friday.la tha Supreme Court yeaterday, before Justicegeneral of public opinionday ofmaykind elsewhere on this Continent. Horse-backsia, in the Oimea, under the charge sorrsEi, an Armenian Bishop.of M. AlVA-tlie a Senala, «KWindgmentEurope arenot a voice can benation of bim and his gloriousany one of the Powers most interested infullycorruption against the printer of-maTidamut to compel (jomptroller^ FrxKBAL OP Ho». Wu. C.in order to parfsetthathe present, lahUppHm.calledThe Chair npthe spaciBl artar^batocEn>igra"ion theGov. Sewabd nor his friends cher-Leipsic- added to ita list oftory,for tha.toattemcted the discharge of r the provtoce of othats.ish—The Rainbow is a new journal, printed inCity,orany otherPotts, beginningbill for the of Cuba, but said acquisitionCourt, yestejday, m the case of Ai-j"CkntbalJwhich has made its appearance at Theodo-robberyon thehighpanled by resolutions, which hemored beprlalad;;Mr. Fiilo was heard for Mr.have beenlaws of Europe and violAting treaties in theirC.»t. CrREV ofthe pL'i-ikct^^ep^^draising andA Comptroller was argument, by Judgeol Poiir,, »<»«»i.«changed consolidation or or drive at the time when the world is to beComptroller.nersl of Hen. W. C. Piaarou, placeuntilofof lUlnola, (R*p..) ros* t» a pai•^mmgrni^ PfBBH"^•'"^mr'Hotel, nU-wcMMtf kk irUoii' apMchMW latfa^fhoaad thaa tailzie. made fty'Mwwa"young, gentlemeakaUta am Uopera doiJa. and a new bridge or ata|d«a^iteg.hiftpoii«iaa ItiaaciaaMfaf paaaawJatljm-,rnu>, Jajisb miothera. The a^eafcaw niin iiial.M>l tli»-«odtiiiB» ««'"'"''af -Statea,have oonsecratell vabUibedPriM, in wrapper*. ported in »aval Stores,OUa, Whlaky, Har, Tallow,ViCTOB Ehakuzl. In thenow, or is destined at no distant day, to be-anced dispositioo.him of the daailaattaa tomakepoaiticni. TheyVA'rnJ>c«iKrFrencharrivedtheir thews and sinews, their bayonets and new Foad provokes aaorB oommiBiit ev«fc ttaa their feolt that they-di«m him, ioatud, bla (tair their swords, to pn^ng np, if they can, tbe debut of aootter tenor or tiw awuKia«e- aad immenaBty.WtMU ,prima domiaa;iUiB(giecler de-Ue.Um h!toVAtaMAM, OnAau* B.asUc in aMiwi t rflfcilli|rtlliiiii nominatioas.hi the Romanthe He orer an hoor on the Japaneae. apokethey can,with thehealthyliberty, jiutioeof andViuf. For flie fai- of the feiaetaaa attaefca wUoh wars ouda hi herhwheengood. Thesale, ofCottonthat Ptus to tdethe gracecurious meetingAMZBICABOIJlUISOPOS109.rates, TOiotisrGiroceriea,Hidaa,Iroo. Lead, Spelter andrtttorlanguMPr(^which RoirssEAUOur Qovenunent having laqneatad thetbaofSelarZaaAaiA, Peraviaa IflaMK.Hops, Oak-tanned Sole Leather and Codfiah.face^of proceedingslating the express law of Sardinia by setting on foot within her dominions a hostile expedi-a "nantwhich covers its face ev-his choice had this in common, that they both sur-— of Tatmoat, spoke at great length in liivor of the Lord John Rdsseli. himself, Her Majesty's politicalenter- drawn on Sioo attreatingymnmmm being taken Up, Mr. COLLAHIR, an offender against international lawa friendly Power;" by verythe of the un- legal positionmonarch of modem" communicable"cisely similar tosoldier of Las Pozas when he landedaf the mosta Napoleon but twoimperial throne of France, is on his way to di-that thePoet's grace.of inexhaustibleyouthis apatriots,behalf of the injured King of Naples, and ofhim into theridiculous. Some may have believed that itSEYMorR, in the name of oflScialWe look with some curiosity, too, to the mo-—^the mostgreenindigniiitly repelsStellacoom. Asdlstaat-Sorgeon HoLnav will retamthe samein thisState,;public encouragement standard of Joh.s- Mitchel onclined totogo Chicago,Stcllacoom forduty. Company 1,FourthEnfaatry,a very early date, and inof taste ;pers. And it is not surprising that these faith- sought after by the compilers and studentsperfectly intelligible Lord Joh.v Rcssf,ll even went so far as to state that he had himself once belong-ed to a Committee for collecting subscriptionson tbe Homestead bill Is now under thslanguage.The lady alliules to a rival series ofCongressconsideration of a Joint Committee ofcoBslstlng of Senators Jonasoa of Tennessee, Jomrsoa ofin aid ofthe Gree kinsnrrectionand fo intimate, that if it so pleased "the;In reply to Senator DocoLis, have already beea sab-print- er of the Times, the names of all the Cabinetregardfor thepublic good,orbyoftheTwoSicUies." The of proprietiesSeward. We stated that the latter was the fact,—thatMr.Greeleyhadlongsincedeclared hisresentmentofsuchallegedneglect,andab-whenthe the ofiice that inof a biography of Sir BoBlBT Peel, by Tbe colossal plaster statue of Liberty, by Caaw- England,liament were plainly against the noble lordHallofRapcc-sense of Parliament was as plainly with himtheatre nolonger performsRegionsofthor of John Halijax, and the Life and Corres-prodneemeat-ia aassailed oa legal grounds, although it is certain- ly qnite consistent in principle with the atrocious veidlct bawled from a British jury by Mr. Ed- win Jahes in the Bernard case, that it is noforeigncountry, has beenviolentlyadoubtedly good deal of discontent with the fountains ofthe speech of Mr. BnsaAii,made from one of hi* (WnMU.'s)Hexnkssky,consistency.a billtheto bepiintinehad been let to the lowest responsible bid-der. ^He defended the President from the chargeot Qsnrpation of power and violation of law, andthoofkt the charges of corruption against tbe Conrt of St. James will find it incumbent upon the task of "slaughtering" Gov. Seward to quite as important as Rome in her palmiest PreSiant and Attorney-General came with bad him to demand his passports with all duefrom the party who supported for Printer amnn who offered, if elected, to give half the profitsofilthe printing for Republican electioneering pur- giveposes. Ko question was taken on the subject scription for assembling an army about the when the House adjourned.we know at least one dis- days;ular school-books, has been so seriously aggrieved by certain unfavorable comments from SouthernCompany, Ninth Infanty, will replace Company C, Fourth Infantry, at Camp Pickett, San Juan Iiland.ment when theimportant of modem democracies extends herDlSPCSITlOS OF TROOPS AT PUOEI'S SOXTWD.The following disi>osition of troops at Pogel'iEnvoyof Francis II. at tbe—for a New-Torker to have leftand attractsbut our processions and ceremonials areconsult and use itbe disappointed."may be, it is evidently idle toquarantine at this expect that Englishmen will cease sub- have no doubt that he will receive the;libraries, theyanvfar as Mr. Likcolnisconcerned,theythese sentimentBrit'to;house of Thateb & Eldbuh}! isjournalany worthy,of the great mass of the Republicans tlirough-ofof British opinion and we commend it to the remembrance aa well as to the attention of our readers. The precedent may one of these days be worth ourbutbedidthe tuUonal right. It 111 becamefor Americans to fix upon in the discussiondenyish the slightest feeling of dissatisfaction so annals of to-day. These chronicle all the new novel of TTie Mill oa the Floss. BB0CEHArs> organ, aad the printer of the Senate, thu to wOlAillyphysician ol the these matters theby organscarefullyjustalso ofBritish Classics,"using nearer home.fidelity.Thxbecome a fashionable resort. On anypublic events,andpresscall It up at the aext fassloa.far as the relations ofPabk.— Already^thePark has, - from a mai«Br at th* afthe brave chieftain.past the Governments of Austria, Naples andwhere that health andPope,fanatical zeal to arrest thefhmilles havein order to be able to rideAustria has been illegally seenK^beenthe of Peace." have car- havedissolved the ill-starred union between one of theand most pasaionate of English poets and one of theItalian liberty.of means, who here- have not cared to keep carriagesrecruits to the mongrel tofore ariett and imprisonment o( Policeman I^H army which a Republican apostate has imder- horsesMr. of To*aB8,th, Twentieth AaoaasoK upon comprint of J.forwardingmost of almost as "proper" pious English ladies,Oaergla, (Bern ,) hopwl the i>o(1*k body were con- would not ftavail. If mattam wnra left hi thisB»''fi':a"on teenih Ward was held lastcalling^^^•^L*'"fornight tt KirewlS.%Meetingthe Eieh-emissaries ofPopePius have beenbusyinisdecidedly the rageKanlaatlonSAnssuES to the Chair, when Hwe mads by Messrs. ia*D>^•PPrwji»«t»&S!? 'UfH ^ ff^VI'to a sub-VinegarSecretaryC, Fouith Infantry, will proceed to Fortpublished opinion, upof this matter dis- at involvingOnce a Week, partaking of tbe character of allundertaking byvernaculartersburg. Matthewbut was cut short by a mgOaa t» taiN the Overland Mall blU, which prevailed. llr.«ivrbreaking thedisgraceful controversy over herHoumasPar-deed,eminently dramatic,now,was SirLawbiijcePeil,firstcousinofthelatePre- roBs, tfrdayremoved from th* old;Bdbtod's LaketralAfrica; anewbookfortheyoung,bytheau-to thea contract from the (ioramineat tothe;who ha* aaa ftaaa this model In bronze, for the omamentaOaa af thato drive around town, have ob- taken to rally around the throne of the "Prince tained them recently. Livery-stable keepersThe was conveyed to were ducted. In Charleston, on the same day, ameeUngofgfti Vrn-^PM ^^to*. tjitortatft jjfai «U 'Wm ceoaiies is expected ; Belciaa volnittMn and awau are dlMMMOd MM^Ttgarauly Ihaa te lar." familyrilBIt «•» Ht be&m tha TMehM* Auodatioo, on Japan aad a hateful despotism, and interfering, if ment of anothnr we<k oT Lady Btbo* waa navar wUlioflr a party to a^growthand horn penrmal obserraOon •»««»•»«''>, ??: order. The King ol Maples offers a million of beenma&aais and caataaa. roligioa. go«'TM'°?°V.^-'yetthe namiecafiqD»acdhadlkeSibaaayat presentpiecedoliara, which it may peihapa be difficult for "her blhar's and the filial devotioa paid to geniusWe have noeitherorpersonal polit- Neverbutoncebeforehasarepresen- pointoffaatidionsdelicacy.pustulous little paragraphs which must be as unpleasant to the suf-poetconspicu-Umother Slates tinguished Republican,supportof Gov. Seward.Anyfor immediate reference. Mr. ":to be well that of these books, as of many others,a should be reserved in the Li-would have been morecomported more closely with the decencies ofpolitical life;single copy alwaysbrary, so that BO person who may come there toreportdirecllnsprinting" alland international law" took no more the jured further political connrction with the the time of Aristopbases wasby motions of poor Mr. Pope Henxesset and Mr. Dasby SiYKOim in its behalf, than municipal law bad taken by the solemn protests of LordLovAiHi against prize-fighting, Hekcan and Satbbs.The Solicitor-General's )•>£nglandinsupportofarevolutionarymove-person whom he held responsible for it. ends the matter so far as we areassigned it,becomingtomaot thanOavvDtiyand ^baewitT.nMbSatfeiaM, npntad back the bill for the acquisition comfortably laid away for the hamilia- tors. But this comes, probably, from a tempo- children of those who were subjects of his an- In Lady BraoN a shining light of decorous organ and other paicr*. The Coauaitfe* darirad ll»ferer as they are unseemly to specta-otOUlm, and gave notice that he should call it up tion of America whenever a Lopez rary surplus of bile, and will pass away in due and that the of has now beenat tha next session. Mr. Latkak offered an it is not —but aaaadtaent to the Overland Mail bill, authorizing sails from the QuU for Cuba to pros- time. We hope contagious,to submitpre- possibly meet on American soil the heir of the ed. The Countess GnicoiOLi, now Madame la they would deteimlne tia] admiaBlUUty. Be ala* ^-tfae^Ekmaater-General to contract witla^the coi- trate the tyranny of Spain, or a Walker flits fer not to expose ourselves needlessly to it. If monarch whose ministers have sought in vain Mabquisi dx BoiasY, still reigns an imdisputed alred to see Mr. BauAaia't testimony, la vtfw af traetan on the rontea between St. Joseph, by night from the Mississippi to deliver the we have been, in any measure, the occasion of to extort for their own country the honor that queen of high-bred grace and tmaffected fashion, the fact that part of It hal been p«ihUA*d,hat mHo., and Graat Salt Lake, and between Salt its appearance, we can only regret it. I«ka «id PlaecTville, for a aemi-weekly, the dis- Kicaragoans from their own incapacity.tanevto be done in twenty daya, at not mote than The caseto contract for a coachea from April 1 to Dec. 1, and tn-againstas a case can be.have none from him. We found in provokedthe Tribune a card signed with his name, re- hearsing, for the benefit of posterity, the part which sundry distinguished persons took in de-dignity will be represented among the Western Bepub-which old age brings upon the vivacity and inten- sity of the qualities which make and preserve astatement, answering all the coitaieBti an Us taaM;WeGakibaldi is as clear and have made no attack upon Mr. Gbeeley, and But Continental as well as insularinthetalon*ofParis. So aa singularexemption Mr. FisBXB'8 name had not tt* befn osed,degreesyet English bankers, like Henkt Aikslie iiberfy of repairing an injustice which he had vide with the son of Victoria the attention{"rtunatefrom liis rickety steamer at Cardenas. AndfeatingGov. SswAiin atChicago.We took thein aid of the revolution, of which GaxibaldiHoASE,openlygood-willof thegreatnation, whichiksubscribeand theowes at least as much of har political inde-pendence to France as she does of her social cle in the Charleston The aad th* Senate forMercury. destiny yrored by aightasatmlawfuliy proceededto fundsMagazine,—of adding that his ownIiiterary Gossip. —The demise of RusseWsB*goUil»d lease of lUe, affords the text of a melancholy arti- the United Statea. Thla treaty was notdone to himself,share in the woik was much more conspicu-'that it was not the result of momentary caprice, nor of profound and disinterested political calculation,but the fulfillmei^ of a menace made six yearsaeeapttryfag In good fa^h to exeent* tbe contract, aad hadax-pended large nuns of money and had nia a duetothosetalentsandmisfortunes,buttheThe however,findaconsolationinthe orerUieroad.Henowknowstharoadtota*iaaMercury,representativesof existing Governments. He cannot but may fructify."—be reminded of his own former state,In tkeHouae, yeaterday, Mr. Hasxis, of New- tenance of the "public law" of Europe controversy. We chronicled the acknowledg- when the kinsman of another French peiformed one of those kindly acts that make thetm^i (O private aoterpiixe. The House bill forandago,and that his repudiation of all furtherpublishers, wring from themAimiuinfadniaaion of that Territory;;Mercurywhich dated back to 1854, was distinctly and openlybasedmitWl when afae had only 50,000 mhabitants.y«ii«««^ ixe waa asaared, would before this havebea> adaiittad, if aha could have come in as a 8U«»Stale.Batthequestionwouldalwaysbeaornot,andasopenlylikensGabibaldiinSi- merelyand with no otherof Xr. Lasb, the bill was postponed till stateemau wearing the name of Russell could justice to Mr. Gbeeley's motives. His prompt that are extended to the planted good seed, and it is hoped that "that seed from Sioo, and that the dcafla hare never ba*B paM.haMtantsthere. WasthereeverbeforeaTerri-tory *iA ao large a popnlation ? Oregon was ad-King,come as a private gentieman, distinguished only for his talents and his misfortunes. Hethere was 100,000 in-parties,bow Of contention till it waa settled. On motion cily fo WiLLiAH OF Obanoi in A England.officialhonors,ofcourse,cannotbepaidhim fiictthat,althoughdeadandburied,the worse condition than when the eoBtraet waa a i atal magazineForeign Minister, openly declares in Parlia- ment that the and of a filli-courted vaAas the son of ais nowalternative ofacknowledgingbuster's must expeditionjusticefeasibilityupont^ning desired and expected political promo- tion at his hands. We made this statementof readers, for the maintenance of such a work,determine whether he shall be considered a fillibusterKawtqr. The Oregon war debt was takennp, and *n amentunent by Mr. Huntkb, au- hardly do otherwise andtaoiiiiu a loan to pay the amount was lost. member the intense zeal for the main- no room, even if there had been any desire, forTofft, called up the apecial order, providing that henafier no person ahall be elected Printer, either to tte Senate or the Houae, who is not a practicalwhich this same recently, when it wasMinister supposeddisplayedthatsoment, and with such brief comments as th". in- cident naturally suggested, dismissed the whole affair to the consideration and judgment of the public at large, and there we prefer to leave it.is welcomedhe once ofwaa earthlydoer'a name fragrant in memories. He has manygiven to the Public Library of that city a collec- tion of nearly 2,000 volumes, chiefly standard'ptiiie of akill andr ability 'and that Ike present prices shall be reduced"treaty used to em- barrass the action of France and Sardinia inthegiva;reference,bottdii as security fer $25,000grandeurfutilityofeartiily expectSrworks ofin ancient and modem lan-;that heshall"bestipulationsmightcleverlyand thetions have taught him that even such pageant- 17 as other princes are surrounded by may alsoWe see no reason for pass away. So the great and the fallen, the the attention of librarians elsewhere than in Bos-;cent. He spoke of the gross abuseofthe present contract svstem, which had proveda c(Hnplete failure. Considerable debate ensued.The minority report, signed by Messrs. Hindiiav are a little surprised at the cool jdcularity withand Clopton, was read, declaring that the office which Lord Johnof Printer to the House was vacant. Mr. Clop- of IrishTO>, of Alabania,was opposed to a public printing-office, because he thought it would increase theExecutive patronage, and not effect a saving of worthy believers in red tape, like Mr. Danbt such attempt would have been foolish and money. Millionswouldharebeensavedtothepublic treasury if years ago the public40perregard te Savoy, and to thwart the de- pacffloSenate hasnot agreed io laiaa th* SaidinlaB difficulties in the way. The comae puiraed by Mbvelopmentof Frenchpower,the like Mr. Popethe complaint he makes, in one of his recent in cards, that there was an attempt to dragoonlibraries collections of books which ampleprevent promotion, proposed would lead to hia reeaU.TEE COKOBCSS PBIHTUIO BIU.cluagapooh-poohspitiful appealsthe Asiatics, the Christians and the Fagansi all are coming, or are already come, hither.publicdo not circulate, but are kept contmually upon thepracticallyor the subscribers do not pay, even if they read." receives, it is true, the courtesies eminentiy The magazine in question waa never very brilliant.yet,when we re-confession of the substantial fact involved leftSuch wlU be the substance of Mr. Fann'i witttaa statement.TBK OOKTBACT. CRIBlqillWe bar* rumors now on the stiesti that paiiiaa high hi authority an directly faitaraated faithaCUii- qui Contract, and that great efforts will be aad* lasecure its recogsiUon by Coagress.THE BABDDIIAS lOSSIOir.TbeMission, and rery likely will not, as there are prtral»connection with Gov.Sewabd,the fact that he had failed in ob-feted—as a fact, oureanlagaMr. Greeley had a clear and perfect right to we own that we oppose or support anybody he chose for theguages.donation, calls attention to a point which meritsnomination at Chicago.barbaric and Uie civilized, the Europeans and ton. He dwells upon the necessity of adding to Dabdu would his aad the^upon purposeownthan to do publicresponsibility,:eign dispatches by telegraph. and the Italian Committee of London in the and who had so abundantly earned the the Revolution is such that a new work on the that her writings are tinged with no sectional sen- Fort Randall, for duty at that post <).grrieesolemnily. Certainly,ifGeneralCassweretofriendly gieetii)gs, not insulting tauntswho de- because he did not think it fit or proper for him, a New-Yorker, to oppose the nomination of one who wasoursare the trinmplis of peace, not the tropliies of journals, as to feel impelled to enter upon an elab- CompanyNkwspapeb Hiftory.—We see it announced in.sinuation that any portion of her Histories'furnish us with inteieating additions to our for- lias virtually afforded to the efforts of Saffi so clearly the choice of his own State, that the success of Frakk Moore's Diary of harshly upon Southern institutions. She avers that station. .Assistant-Surgeon Swin will repair toThe mails by the Arabia, reinforced by the ar- rivals of the Saxonia and Glasgow at this port,Hill,which theEnglish Foreignbearsimmediatelyto FortBrown,and at repart(ordutyTbe Overland Pony Express reached St. Jo- cause of Gabibaldi and Sicilianconfidence and esteem of his immediate same plan is in contemplation, to be composed timent, declares that the garbling of extracts fromFrom the Associated Press. WASBnona, Wednesday, May 30.The disagreeing action of the two branches ofseph yeaterday, bringmg, however, no California diapatchea. It was feared tbe Express riders to thawealward of Salt Lake City bad fallen into the haaii o( the Indians. Tlie news from Utah is de- voU'of interest.The intelligence we receive from Pike's Peak repments the influx of immigrants as enormous. The diacoveriea at the head-waters of the Arkan- sas were attracting much attention, while the orig- inal diggings were jielding largely.independence, we should expect to hear from Lord Lyons atconstituents. But this, after all, is a matterexclusively of extracts from Colonial newspa-her larger American History iiAs had the effect ofagainst Turkey,—to obviate the objection by appearing In the ful mirrors of the times should be thus eagerlyher in a false light, and concludes with an earnest disclaimer of all tendencies towards Abo-and Mr. Greeley did what he could Convention as a delegate, not from New-York,placingepoah the great English dramatists, show the very admitted, by Mr. Gbeeley himself, to be sub- age and body of the time his form and pres-staatially true.especially as the main part ofthe allegation isWASHuraiea, Wedaasday, May M. Mr. SlWABB, of New-York, (Bep.,) appeared i> hli seat, and was warmly greeted by many Seaatorsaction of Mr. Greeley but, ;apaaehaai Ua ftat ha asvarthe In a and suppo**d lasgaage aewayapar,as he is not the candidate for President, it is not likely to af-sourcesaaed.proaooacedMr.BliSBA>,«f MiaUgaa, (Hep.,) said he fbaadthe nomination without even thecomplicity in any proceeding to which the persParty.theyno snch fiill or detailed or various infor- out the coimtry, whatever their original prefer- mation in regard to any subject as that whichof thathe would not have made a ftlse^__^^^^^_^see there adecently raised in condem- equipages quite surpassing anything of thethese relate the details ofdiscuss the peculiarities of public charactersit at this session. He gave notice that he AavMtheconcerned, it is perfectly clear thatfine displayat 5 o'clockone-of New-York, (R«p.,l roaa to sntei*^;Among and Gen. Waubt TaoliP30!^ offormatioa of those who hare not4r Ir. MlaiR wheard news, we beg to aay fliat It haa agreed upon by the leaders of the ton to make Wednesday and Saturday the fashionableand among tbe moat intimate fHaoda of having faUen off contideraWr, only be ratloBBUy accounted for on the theory become the theatre of a Congress of Priaoea' some of Lord Btbob's moat faithiul defoaden.Stocks steady. Btchange and Money TariatioD in rates.resowces of the Papal Government that it canVMial Dispateh ta iha VavTetlt WAanaaioB, WaSaaarlay, Irhe receipta Wheat and Com have Improved. nrteea of Flour,added grace ferocity,ahnost as remarkable as thatTha unhappineas of their brief married liCs, with allitsmore workedmoreevil In the unhappy fruiti,moifaid and impatient and wilUiil nature of LordBvBOM than in her own and weQ-bal- proeperoua,, ui';IX.has ofof falsehood and that he means to take the first opportunity of breaking hla plight-oa th« Tin were qnlet. A moderate buainaaa waa re- ed word, and invading by force theterritories of Those who believe that the Great Republic isfMk OAUrounAt( b* iiiiiiSnfl I* tk* FnbUaMn NlW- There wen 4M veaaela of all claaaea in port mitting Italian patriots to go to the rescue of important affairs most revolve, may find con- But which of the pair was most to blama for all was forwaidad a warThe freight engagementa were aomewhat lighter. like these, complaints of Sardinia for per- come, the pivot on which the worid's most thaa to him, which he did not always reciprocate. ablpa Bfirgimta and Lixtie Tktmfun .ihnman tribunal can ever«£!«•« tHB*»b«—Tb» Iwranu Pbiboi lb., live weight, orer tha pevloos week. The to- to the overthrow of a sway maintidned by these royal and noble viritors firom laads the worth while to moot the question now. Doabt- ahoBlddenaad atoaee a jstat oaanUarisaat V«awhich were allaoid at ao adyanca of about ie.^ Oasibaldi for hia lendingsimultaneoua arrivalnpondecide, and it ia hardlyand hia name week waa 3,700, or about SM leaa than laat wetk^ bmte force, and exhibited only ! piUage,IYotk eol—^Biwy says ttat rriJIw BvaaaaMitalofbeeveaaoMatall the narfceta during thelesa,thegravestfaultofbothwas— Mileli(^wa are unchanged, except mat a few mora good bmily cowa are wanted by peraonatoPeiD has bea> deBaadttix, but her damaadhaahaaaQuality yerrC(*M,and aalea briak tolerablyrapine and worse than medlBval cruelty, arebyinABKBaOB—WonBSAHCBM goingupon-PAVun. areaa plenty and cheap aa last week SheepPolitical PersoHallties.Jmom' Hausal Kbub- tha and aell SSc.OSOc. maikat,^-'- -^»"»^««'araa» Oiuaairather than but her striking,literaryjudge SMAtttmOWPMIBK—Kmamoao»PADnaa* conductoftheItalianpatiiot.lntakingbyforcetoo simply preposterors to be denounced aa thairSamineraatates Teal calvea hypocritical.but Myeanofageat tha timeof herdeniedtrfand lambs are in axeeas of the requirements ofarenotany more than one week ago.she.wasijlAaHogaplenty,Earope.been pat by Gaiubau>i into a very distressingthegate from Oregon,at theChicagoConvention.distinction personal byquiat energysym-her ScandinaTlanFilUbtuteringhead lower but theyarenotworthWeORTMMalKBI'T|HTH-«TRnT~AMD VODBTH-ATKHUE The fair-weather politioal msralists of Eu- We must decline their publication, partly be- amine the of our;geninapeculiaritiespaid by the proud Eastern State, not unjust- "companions to the rescue of Sicily, and in vio- just now seems to be afflicted by some malig- sat on the EngUsh throne landed on whom Lord Btboit accepted and the Lavka oftHinvolve a controversy, for which we have no taste.Her intellectual gifts were solid,TransitCompanythatha should reqalnand partly because theypersonalfnfaasA coatraets to be aecapted. by ataoUuddaa lailaai tltbe moat excluslTeand most polished ofpowerfultimes, removed from thegiftcontract, and positively knaw tba|pa«ltl«aatal ibrUs AdBfaistiatloa ware false awl Oa bmodalsat.knew that thara waa a secret artfela la said ihas left so quaint an account.| iexistence to England.At the same time another prince returns toof Southern magazines, the utter lack of Southern and until «pproved by ooatrai sympathy for home productiona af a literary char- Be knew th* mnch talked-of dnfla for tof ancient times subdued all nations by the force of her armies, and broughtshelves,readyThe bill regulatinc the pilntlog planiei of Coagrsaa elicited great interest to-day, aad the House adjoataad with the question of recommitment peadlng, wllh in-The—would have princes as captives to her capitalwar.orate self-justification. In a letter addressed tothe Xew-Orleans Delta, she the now at Fort Towniend, will be withdrawn to Fort;not,great RepublicTiCKNOR observes, with great justiceIt seemsinfluencequiteasfar,potentatesmay Mrs. EuMA Willard,slngalarour shores of allshame that overtook them, no oo view (o badiac tha iliwinil br fnee. AMaw-the West arrive attions,with tha Court circle, or the "f:aIdonable" «etatude of pomp and circumstance. The man who prisingonce in America represented France, who was candid confessionthis " We are briefly reduced to theb*waaeertahiofontll gettinc th* grant. H*sovereignand, donbUess,as nothingness;Conferanee, Representatives Gaov, partofMr.Greeleywaspromptedsolelybya newspapers " Nearly200,000copiesofSenatorBssJAanrtispaaehwas also thebut from Oregon. But itthe public to know whether this action on tlie true of actors, is now rather applicable to ductions. An authors' quarrel seems to be brew- Thomas and Lotmot.ofa desire towas They are the abstracts and ng.rightof What in Shakespeare's history.dayArkansas,and Hailabneed need search for nono otherprivate correspondencescan raphies ofdifferent tn publishing- explanation,regard rolegetanother. Thelatteriatobea" papercovera,andissuedcheaply.atthetime f-ressshouldprotectconstltntlonalrightsInaTanl-that slaveswasacoaad- holdingto the rlews of Senators.misrepresent ^M.r. Suiiu, ol Louisiana, (Dem.,) reported backtheystudysupport beside what the journals provide:—The latest English announcements are thebrief chronicles ofthe timemight be found as contributors of large sums avenge personal and private disappointments you were better have a bad epitaph than their fifth volume of BcsElK's Modem Painter; the dustry, are lavishly sending out documents in hiaThe annual Convention of the Episcopal Churchof the Diocese of New-Jersey conuneoced its ses-sions at Newark yesterday. Bishop ODXNHitsca to be used in waging war against the King which he had charged ta the account of Gov. m-report while you live." The newspaper is, in- fifth and sixth volumes of Mr. Fbocoe's History behalf. presiding. Over 150 delegates were present. Thermaila of Coomittees were received, and theBukMI deVTeied bis annual address. Some dis-cnMiM took place upon the subject of parochialaad public acbools, and the Convention adjournedto •^o'elaclt this morning.andstage is merely an amusement, when theof satirizing the vicious and ridiculing the fool-now that it doesas in theofpondence discovered sources,works.besides a number ofnewly- smallercompiled newspapers. shifting phases of public opinionthese illustratethe career of an Individual or a nation sothat but litUe extraneous light or information remains to be desired or obtained.The Death ofprovided grace sincerely trust that the death of Ladyamusement can be comfortably Bybon may not be followed a sudden revival Greek. byNot a fewland bllLMr. Gvnr, of California, (Dam.,) aaTed to ]diningtocontlaoefomis Orerlsiid Bailroad Mil,Mr.merelyd^Uthinst., violating Bunday TlqSSr Government steamers, not open vehicles enough to supply the soandaloualy seized at the time of thebr oc- the- of paying a tribute to the "•O'T '" aneth^ttarlinptiTODmeT,t. Kv:«« forhivingarrestedmRn^theconjugal misfortunes uponof the Bybonswas convened In the Equity purpose HawiLaw.ried these menThe demandofthe Bardeceaf^ Atto>My-6«neralCo»rt-tooni,i|M °ifi*!,?'Saaata bom one sobjaei joaapadfromtrteste to Anoona.those who wish to hire.»<'"«»„»• gf- Tha noHoB to vras esnled by ytita ithe other directions also. A brigade of Irish mer- and more talked about than the opera; the admirable opportunityandhis charsc-poc^oaeWhatever the secret causeamayhave been whichIt in ordersoon as it waa foimed, there can be no doubt thatway aad ftat* wo«U aeier b* abl* to get thraaghThe Park; it is more frequ^ted cal, of the reckleaa poet and radical peer,Untitled Documentforblsckenioglot, of(Mo,(Bep.,) offered S ceoAaUsacuiience, byenemies, both personalpoliti- as anof the meeUng by WHon.H.A^ nay* It.Hr. W;Ecrlbed,afteryourdeathwhile the latter's with nnabated In- friends,Dr. Mackav's new periodical, the Lon-We see that Democratic papers in some missioned to discharge that function. We are> the Saturday Review, Spectator, Athenaeum and of both parties.sure, the newspaper seems especially com-•*The bill gran'Jng a pension to the wUow of Col.history for the trae;theylook to suchof theJ. E. TiLTO.N & Co., of Boston, announce Ba.v'KS, under the title of The Bobbin Boy and thela whiehtribntas any tufair dealing to Mr. Li.ncoln orhis friends in the Convention. He obtained make up the annals of the present century hood and early life in a popular style, makmg theIt to:So it will be hereafter those who shall whoto tell theof Gov. Bakes'story boy- conaet Be had ao faitennoa of mlsrepr***BtlBg a*She showed Lord Braoa al-ways a forbearance and justice mora easy to her auad figr the aaMont at cUIibb igr thetheirLady Btbon was bom lT9t, and waa coaae-settle ahdadjvsttheaaeUlaH.JartarhatMr. Bceaiaas. BeBgr Tiaataaa aai Tieaala Oriaatal nations is coincident with thevisit deathatLondon,onthe17thinst. Shenevertook TaaiunaaareaawabtaatlaNew-Tork." "of the heir to the moat highly civilized and any special intereat ia that worid of London ia DrrxHTioB or m* twaa MnciBfot n mrnnuam.powerful kingdom in Christendom. Princes which, by her birth, her fortune, and her connsc- TlwnewFreneh.Ml>latar biilii iiailtflaaJlatlaihquentiyof the metropolis but won for hsisalf no ;littletloa, whfaA Franc* fsaia deep eoaearaaavived theous, and preserved beyond the confines of old age quaatlonered that the Prince of Wales comes to the circles in which they were foimed to shine. ef tke oonuneafs which had beea Bad* by aMaialcestors, princes Japan may English evangelismextinguish-bis]additionaliliilaiaaiil in) sriillag, aa<is accorded to ours.Coatft- as both these ladies enjoyed from the usual decline tee declined showing it The wUasas will pnpw* aa never pablUhad, rendeilag the Southern periodical which has eajoyed but a short tiratyt' ""I anil aa4 rait,—autiior of:many pop- Sour.d will take effect without delay Capt Pioutt's:fiiat three oflierlitioni.'m.school-books, the publishers of wiiich are charged with having made unfair attacks upon her pro-;mier CaptainCen-sentatives,—don Review, is to be a sort of medium betweenGovernor.The author is Rev. Wu. M.Tbatr,baAbram Lincoln—and thehouse of has Tauchkitz,—A new translation of the Bible into theRussian has just appeared at St. Pe- The first part comprises the Gospels of and Luke, translated from the originalMr.Kiss,andaAeltac latarests. Bealdea batag aa OMthepathetic earnestness which she displayed in tie- ally, ihe will aoppoit Daaaaifc agalaat Praailaaaa-culture waaly called the England of the Pacific." of the highest order, and her tastes isfined to a dlieetots,that we have no ade-quate number of writers, or no adequate number was drawn on Slog. He knew that Sum waaMr. George Ticekob, of Boston, has justMr. TiCKKOB's this letter, atmouncingstjucttoDs tolet to the lowest bidder.He tha tatexplanation,farther.Wltaeaa than npraasad terira"rnaless protected by a t* b* wvall Mezlcaas,w*r« 1 In tbe grant, and yet the draft for the wtioieof Clasb premiae* Mnu,the ooaaUaralloB of th* Call- FBtaiBBSs,afMal>s, (Rap„) ahi*et*d. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 