Vo 'WlioIs penonwhoareabomlaable doctrines and crimesssIA Back-geaeral-'•»«!VBConacloos empbssis of a proud, purenatureWe have fallenindioate that San Francisco Is to babble and boil thisthemselves aa it affordedSome persons who do not understand the positioB,••T #/ /- %g^ TSltxa^^Otn^ gfaitftg,'hewevar, ageBeralldea^thsissifc kail tksseors, we have no heeltatten in prsasaaetag It a reaarkableQlyifl 4tJi«r VKOa VVAKMBW BOOKS. »BMa Han ( wHi Uslnth sssfMd Te all Baca's Us. BxaRtliaswaidwd ai53K;^^2ffi!irf'S!*=*••darltsaf olhsfsVaadMOflETABY AFgAlBaH-KOW ra. IN 1TA.T.T AND OTHER PO- Ob thstlaog sbtUsI lite AsenalnsaddidoB to the repertoire of the BngUsk stage. The DaVBi«n« af SaaenJIJahBacaB nrSuxuan Nair- B^ataR BMWHiKa.eusenMet ate numerms, andlavenUoB and knowledge of lyrle effeet Tha ballads snd seacatioB pleeea are fall af telUng Melodic• By: C.iS.Fa<Bcts * C«.,Ma.»l Bro*dw«7.display rare powera ofofjaJgWWit opoD poetry of ths clua to which theWVikM of Xn. Bsowviao belong, will need the as-•nittcesf her to coiKince him, after he prefaceanoaaent. In two wordf, the work li both popalar and mualctanable. and perused la dry detail, accooats for the extraordinary enthusiasm whlck prevails la Lon-diseouraged ana iDdignant thatkM re^ but a•« before the Congress," that "they ksTB been written Amply bec&ass the witter loves troth and juatice, guand mime,than Pure ' and Plato's country, more Dastz, and Daktk's conntry, more even than tiKinapiASK, and Sbaksspiaki's conntry." Their eTery verse rings with the clear silver ac- cCDtof ainc«>re conviction; and the inlenser em-grantssndpeacefulbleach-singleone ofthese"po-would be to toU the recent story ofN. Y. Cen.R. 7s. «0 6,(l«aK iI.3dH.B.'83 7«16 do iss dofor a moment flings this tkaa^py notes of a challenger's trumpet, is thephasis 1—sqmetimes8eris-.of the skeptic sloth of •Own, and not nntinged with scorn of the dullnessWho, fhv and from this bf help,Shalt he ioppf mothers indeed..kiaiorudMplr •Uned, impatientday,The hewasnotHuffideBtlyrigoroustowardstoeMormons,tloB,whichiatomeethereobtoelltoofApril,arex.taa inand phemedhas withthem who make The insolent and history. follyabsence of all reflection with which"both of England and America, have received bsonlyworthy meaniagOfhiscountry'smeeds,inatone MIscuiting a great man mostsurface, and thickly studdm^ the sides at every frac-lawyers, can arrive at their leisure, and fall to work. In prospect, rents are tumbling, and real estate inBut If tbe latter Is adapted, a decent regard for the lives of our citizens will compel the Government to cause all emigration over toese plains to cease.This action is stated to ht; merely ancillary to oneand moreshe Frenchture, tindera thesamevistoa uiaftnif^ing glassin the United SlatesCcnnecuctit, praying fur tne same r; Iief to toat Stote,fudged the patience,of single-mindedness,If such >bould St eak of bis owa Mor will he set, on her side,Sovereign with;;,RICHARD.trhere toeThemoUonhasi-'enoniiearinsiorthree-isyj.The was aslowasstaner rebuke than is read to them in theseandof your Eastern readers.hccord/ag to Csntral $60,708. C¥tir lines ia theBsnaoB, EmperorFrom tbe cectre to the shore. Frcm tbe Seine back tu the RUae. Steedeightmillionsu;>andswore By their maiJiood's x\s\x diviaeSo to elect snd leglsistc.This man shuuld review the lime Broken iA a^t'itis of ta'-ekaA leagued king) at Waterloo, WbcB tne people's hands let go. /'Emperor Eveimoie.II.WithauniversalshoutThey took the old reg»v« ont Frosaanopeogravetuat^vj From a grare ta«t wt,«iu nfi\ ctoee, latere the Firtit Napoleon, lagBMpeetatU m repase,it ft-M as Uerlm, with his eon^ering/»ee Itoned upimU unqiiin:hit(;le af/peatn Msn tnui hero** u/ tkt odvancmg rscSyFrcpaied to set tae muOf what has been on what skall be.Judiciaryihe cau-e "Hisso held, ;in^^ a,-ar'ed lUa m-jtlon.-Kioperor £vermore.Tke thxnkera ttond asuUT^Ut tke nation act, ..on the west side of Seventh street. iMtweenKand these remarkable lines in " Italy and the L streets. Among the principal sufferers were P. J.aad uecis- B. D, Holmes and;has in norespectIrirrl,touches, the faltering diplomacy of Europe and persons and papers, sod the mttrc old Board and part best written articles which has appeared on the sub- Sauicy SMi LangdcUi'or pUiiilili'; II. IL Muraage Tbe speculative demand for "Erie shares, toSmne kaled theOf tmpire,nspride truadin^ on tUeir pride.Root.ofla the advisiagni^-contt-hittdfaetSome qtutd'd, Itst w/iat mhu pfii*im9ue in the poetSome curstd. because it lattThe open hravent to whu:k they kmd lotkei Tm mony a ^oiden/all of marvelous reamWere closed m hraes andeoneWept on because u s^iine;tkin^ co^l not eomeLynch,tliurui* graft w\tx-:lf ooughthat thetkoX Druidic On thLt gretn now.Smith, (vtblcies,) $775 ;Bernar<J, (buggy Efasetai (hurse ouggy,)IS.7.'; brought ^;cent.mortgage,48'S»AMIV. 1%at day I did aot hate,Tfor douot, nor qutil, nor ourse.tae people, diii lot bateinVvsrasveenrceinesegof their >Ieed aad oracle,Her vsialy prateOf better an<f of wor^e 'JInkstthegreatcoscioslonoftheirvrlQ.to lamentwhatislongpaitoral concludesCalifornia,tfome were ml'nt, all drmbtmg; things fjr"meuding. This we do the more the clergy of the diocese to add, to their dally mass,need ot It.He is notm oeti- tlon mentioi.eu, &c., ic, tlO cci.s of uioiion to dbtdeevent.Hmil'-n. Jr. ts. Tlie Krw-York patent Ftl! Company.—Order .-raiit'd sji" settled.Atteooa vt. Armi(:i./iff.—Mt-iion dialed, wito?IO reads near hand, like the Central, Erie, HadaoaTh/xtpoindar conviction,—e>eriaore Emperor.We,lheiefore,responsible or for thepastO voice ana verse, WHA6oasetiniDetoacclaimaadsingOaavMkm, exaltation, aspiration. Wegavebomusictothepatentthing,Mer apaved a holy rhythm to throb aad s«UbAbavt the name of Blm . . „ ' naaslsted to ttie spheie of doBUatisa .BydenoeraUc pisslon!I wasaot used, at least. Her eao be, bow or theo, T* stroke the ermine beastOa any kind of throne,(ThoBfh boUded by a n«tloa for its own;)Aa< swell the niTBlag cnolr tot kings of iwitoiii teri ^ITi-ElcRCOCBT—iLatfet,r'ay'-,•'* £vermate.*aadfor tbe election of 115 Delegates, at $2i0peaceful emigrantsman vrito a wife or sister without with iibeity ti> toe platotUTto wltodraw tne demurrer FortheweekEmperorpeople wanted a Convention,Introduce a billmiles traveled, to How•P?evtouirreiiirtsd. J3^6£I^ 13,273,aa8 IWTTJW Since Jan. I - l».l»9,e9» 14,»50,«<» •»,84«,M« The following was to-day's btuisass at tk*'BntBOW, Napoleon, nowTh^, Uavatg/ar belund the p'u"rp"l^e IkrWOf vulgar numarchs.t^.n, Sfmd'st higher in thy d:ed""^r3j«adar....Wii>Bxs>kT, Apnlt. TJKITED SlATElJ DiSTEICT CoDUT.—No8. 37 to 46\ nDH fir xf throne Cf,^' tb JWp in the hov of .cro» ~except uponcoolest of pioceedtogst Unless rapioly educated to for her life, was taken by tlie roadside, her person tociuEivs.the Assistant Treasurerofiico of !!,-cclpri Kjiuel.u:2?* *'Sfei***'.? "/'"«"« '> »e «r»n"r-^- Kaw, lifted as thou artture will never pass tha bill !TethelevelofpareJWe stand to meet thee on these Alpiae 8iir>» •Eastern boundarv-ltoefrom the ISOth to the llSth awakeaednomereattention toan if he had simply•^cvisas «'-<ust—CimsuiT.—Port I.—tint.194, 332, < 14, .•.;«»>. 684, 688, 690, t»ti, 7W, 708, 710, 7l^ tith aasweirs !• toe anl the_ ,j.« siacaWwe^poetstWHn elemeDtal justice, nulural rljdt,7)0. 722 71-;, 71h, 720,T24.Par! /.—No',, ftl'/«""•••-^ Etcbsogsof tbe laourechoes1.'". ''•'' "'•Isosi;,520. ?43,AadwUleIhepalplt>>ln«poussbtenkoat Xestatle from somnambulor repose',capablepassio;points,frequentlj very strlktng In harmonic treat-ttfy speak, I, I8«0. snch8i!K 108 bis 81%whichi lctioa oat wiih a half-dissonant sharpaees Ulte•idiatxusttowhichitknowsitmustsooftenThfgarertmhiemgftoKers/romterrme*wUr»tfi TakfUf fiomr tsstkeckUd.Sptbic with a hottermigratoryexelteaseBt than ever•tS_do ::::.V^ U8 dove k Tot. RNever was there a genius more richly endowed »».» Mrs. B»ow»iKO'8, with that exquisite and terrible moral sensibility which TasKTSOS has so admirablydescribed,theyt^rpretpremises, under his orders Erom the War Department, noothercouisa washtm, and tnatmuch as the President chose to place aad last.. ..bSSTiH MS do..*> The love of love, tte hate ofhate, Thescomofseoin,"Mn. Bsow.'OHG s verses, when she isEapcror ETenaoie."XseentlagooUapsa,passedoutofmindforaweek,batnow theMormonslathesamecategorywiththecitizensofIf it should be accessary to sbkBdeaHr.SiVABB,and egotistical qutdity commonly describ- He who has done It u!l.tha central route the roads are thickly popu- policy of edaeattog military officera, for every insult toe standard-bearer la toe firat Republican 12l> do 108J4 3Hm.«en. S. 8erip..acall It a cold, btem face ; ed • "womanish." Womaltly they are, in But thif is Itatftriumph. »OH.T.C«BtralB..M 78 68spokeproudIlto proximo, and either could not or would notSpainof the Children," the "Crowned and Vfed-!"_ do «guage•"Cryded,''theLeigh," while they are vivid with a delicate intensi-tyalso nervous with a condensed intellectualand earnestness more to be looked for from the Ro- Bia> satirist than from a modem English woman.Thcogh the deed may seem to strata To the wonoeifol, unpermlttsa,For such as lead asd reign.,that do not find new which can sell to ad- leads, they"A lett^^eceived by toe last mall from the Qnarter-toat a majority of toe delegates present were under- stood to be his friends, aad very foolishly dttermiaed to make the most of the at-toeories upon the delegates. A nuojber of resolutioas1C8Ext^ange,Bill marketo rule with nnasBalfrom day to For the Boston steaiaer day."Casa Guidi Windows," and "Aurora offeelingwhichSHellktmighthaveknown,are (Atrtndmimmense supply, mtistTrasBAT, April t-P. H. The chief interest on the Street eoatiiniM ta centre arcund the Stock as both' theIt is this combined fervor ofbear^Avtucr^t let them *^ir. Whofail to comprehend That m ruler tne&mote ofis a, feeling pievalent that extraordinary develop- taken away all ought to Ten ments OBght to t>e mace In that region. It seems as go.toe United States Senate, if he could oaly get votesenough. Congiess wUl take notice and malte room. closed1whidi seta Mrs. BROwawa apart among ourcompanies, toough I doubt not toey would be able to withstand aay foreetoe Mormons could bring against toem, while they eict on Ihe defensive, would be utterly powerless to ef-Then it was resolved, tost Cn.vs. Rosrasox ha-lbroken the'back of the Republican Party, and assas-sinated his brother Lais, by his testimony before the fine business was done for this opportunity, bat af- Harper's Feiry Senate Committee. Tnat was all ter the early 'Change hourihe market left off raft-singers; and through all Uie vagaries ofIf the sorlace of the earth were scarcely cold there yet. Not long since a weaIT^, dust-begtlmed pU- grliB, passtog up the valley, felt tempted to bathe In aoutside and fraction,f.5.18i®f.5.17| on Paris. A.The people^ must transcend her imagination, makes and keeps for her These svblerraoeas springs.her taste, asd all the frequent mistiness of All commAnking bom kings.saeh an audience as fewpoetsin their life-timelimpid spring uponSo, stripping,here. No force coull be sent outto electer less firmfrom the Importers ia not large for the saasan. Iahave ever won.tKat audience these new The blood ruas people's threagfa/Bypoems will be welcomed, were it only fortweome troublesome, nor ;ar- tiit'a sake. We can but trust that, once welcomed, they may fulfill another than an ssthstic mission. Far we are sure that within the coven of this little booh more truth is clasped, snd truth of a finerto-day, ^prime cent, outsidepaperaaABuipeior of the French, and to the work which he has done for Italy, than is now to be found, or, iaof Britain in Parliament assembled.lbs. Bbowbihg, when she writes of Italy and sfthe saviour of Italy, writes of matters which e/liecent. Tbadeeperstrain in rej^ard to the character of thenot trated by iu orders, toey at least wereall haman will for a probability,Out of the water-jar there.:buttiifie to comebe foond, in all the speeches of all the wise men It this a man like the rest,tudantands. She writes from' barher faie sympathies.judgment,reason- She has no political' theories toWith theptople't heart iti kit ir^oatr Prate a lie into shapeLest truth should cumber the road iat tbe fast asd loweTill tne world Is strangled with tsfie ;some done in that but the Indians were mining region,too troublesome to permit much prospecting away from the immediate vicinity of the settlements.When tbe Indlsns weresettlers were too poor fo take the time to look up newto send taelve eompamet upon this route, to establishtwo at military depots, opeazpMience,well-founded, righteou^and•Beaver Creek, 45 miles west of toe South Pjiss, and the otoer at the fool ofstall the verdict of temperatebespatteredterm, theap- pears In the yeiluw stone which, to the naked eye, presents no ittUmstioQ of them. Several parties bare each dispatched their man to look up claims, and oc- cupy till printers and carpenters, bricklayers andnowpenclngCircuit Cjurt oflongDraw tnn« that nene could drimkfcertain it is, that many tMlieve that tbe t>est place forsingle-bsnded woiking miners to pare out a fortune Capt. LAHBaa's Wagon Road last Summer, loudly Gov. RoBiKSOB wlU leave ta a few days for Wash- A large business was done ia Stocks aadPlaygar prejudicas to pander to or obey. The lack of Maim the soul's completeGoose dragoonsCreek Mountaias, and to sead an escortdemand was manifeated but after ;aopport;no partisan ends to accomplish;no vul-comfortably disposed k>f,thebuoyant adjournment pricesall theseto lead aall the more to speak the truth, and fore-:leads. Buttheir them very poverty compelledwould, Farliamentar)'Gorham D. Abbot vs. The American IJard Rub-thingsperhaps,out,when the ueual water supply of last Winter failed ample security to emigrants until toey were entirely ber WtUiam Divid N.but be, this wonder. She has known as few foreigners ever can ift cannot ji«/ttr»iorj>»«fe.of a andReceiver, came on before Jus'ice Scxmsa-;^the mere sccnmulatious ofcuroe,toto town of a rosy, brown and rottenyears quicktoe Government toat a* isfy temporlztng policyItalyThough many around him and smder^and toe rais-aamed satotowill stillIA>n at ChaoiDers. which is about identical with the last qaotstioK Tne affidavits of toe platotiff set forto that he was of Tbe reliable advices from ts-known it not merelyknow any country throughhaveschemes. A person would naturaU;^tolnk toattoree years' fmltless experience would be sufficlrat to sat-Monday. AJbaay day looked to the defeat of all measures to tax orcompromise with the railways, the joint confer- ence Committee between the two houses havingBut on thenoon, some few contract^were ventured for the decline. Rock Island shares advanced to 64, er dividend, at which large sales were made at theten of mature life might yield to a much lessquartz, You know that inHard Rubber to toe amount of about Companyandpiofitable store of facts, but through the appreci-ative aad assimilttive attributes of amatare. A democrat ia the simplest, and loftiest,amd h€ ;Pop- platotiiTs The defetidsnts setup toat toe sale was authorizedapprehensivebrain than hers a not nn-V^h those who haveFaaBORT Is a brick" a week—there is no gleam of theiexperience, thoughandas most ot that out of which CoU"$101/,- 000, ardtoe'. his creiilors hate m'U.e a sale of certainasthose who speak history are bound to judge Than a man of a noble prideIGalena cent, at the eailr Board, ano' as high as 63 ^ cent, in the aftsraoaa,thethe career of this ezcraordinary man has been so/,the which has been cltj,for thelittleoccurredto this Territory since yourparrot-likeOr custom, though such shoalt^ be d£^ Adopting the smaller moralsTo measure the larger life.Be though the merchants pertutdeAnd the soldiers are eagerfor strife. Finds not his country in quarrelsgoing up steadily four months, pauses at a stand sulLlasttiff; fendants.^commonly pupon bydottbtfiil iftoe inhabltaats and the troops, or sometoing equally.ssedthe.;To get to Jaclisonville, ju«t now, the best way Is by boat to .Sacramento, thence by stage i'i Shasta and Yreka, and thence by pack-tralna across the South- ern Oregon line. A little later, a better way wid bsless toan awar betweenIS2J.J-nois Cintral tO-\poems not of the lip but of the life. If anything could startletrade.—While suil he accords her sueli honorby steamertoCrescent Cityand thenceby packtrainsimprobableexciting, would engage the attentianlacts. InEsq., caused an uttochicent to issue agatnst theandtheIllinoisa writer whose " liberalism" is aby thingOnly tojlndherinAs never to dinch for ber sake ^costs at this season about to a man $iOfollowingJanuary, lb59,H.H.Moraoee,intothe consideration thut the "despot of France,"self-sufliciency<iieu^xamiaation,might^ •»seen from the side of the scntioients, commands from a poet like Mrs. Br.owBiKO the same homage which is rendered to him from the side of common sense statesmen like BicbasdBelieving a nation may act• t'nselfishly—shiver a lance(Aj the leoit of her sons may, «n/««*i)\tacha,entwas issued withtiiidue authority bytte J istlce.ncctitii.s of ti.eem Sler.mhoat aadis the comparison of tiie first quarter of the yearstrain of analytic judgment and deiiberato KAFOLr.OK HI. IH HALT.I.charged upon Infoimailon that tbe ordinance first passed our Supernsurs under corrupt intlu-The Mountaineer has of late been particularly bitter agatost the Tuiis. In rerlewtog an editorial on Utah and the report of toe Secretary of War, (which edi- torial, by toe way, is conceded here to be one of thehimnakedmalatalncn m 'ts piesent form.^ i«»s. tssa. 13-3,024 AI9T.4ISin.Gregoryfor motionclot ins quotation 81i®S2 ^cent., andstoadyforteat'ScrnsMB Corav^SpBciii Taan.—No. 181 on Marnh Calendar, and Kcs. 53. M, SO, 58, 5», 61, 62, 63, 65. (W. 6D.6l».70,ri,73, 73J4,70,7:.U;icism, to this wise and beautiful book itself same caufee. IMne reaches S:l.ine Lurries on by the certato mall-station on the way to Utah. It is un- the premi.'.t-s, a ud t'jat tbe BoarO of tixcise could Salt Lake route and Louts first, to It goes givecheapliberalisss,"anythtoggeneralA^tlan for I/crylng Atlnebmont... i.and another j%tplaceo th a Ocfr-ndant fir an onier flitectiP!; tLzi the cas;; Iff ta' eii Iro.n the bancsOvanced tu 107}go, Eurlington and Quincy rose to 59)®G0. Har-lem and Hudson quiet, and Beadtog a fraetioa' ''ton, building, $0,000;Bragg, Dr.$3,000,•New niaslc.KessTS. Wk. Hall t Son have just Issued, inine folio style, the complete score for voice and olano "presence shout,muslcaL A few years »go the publication of such a work would havegl!I>»»IOR C'l nar —.,97. i-Jl, IM,»no take people, parti«nd eaterpilse to Americas mattersrue saoet noticeable fcmtnro iar>ir last was a decline of SjaK In ratoaof atenjaalMmtre Biest thee, O.Attest, aad And thee grrat eno'igh t<> piaiM. Bsestvathepoefx chrieim which saieUiAlarge and most interesting comMny (over60141,143.Ii3, 101, 1C3 IC7, I7o, l-:i, iVB, !Billr, caused by a t-ecrease iaoffcliar.g«a, end, with only a .oderatekIso, Mafoleok,been regarded not oaly asridlruious feat. A»to every amateur of preteaslonfor the West afternoon under the charge of Mr. HaitaT Faiinosir.43, r20, 138, 140, 142 l-i i , Itb, 1S2.1i1,1"-.beyondn*AaCatMshpoet warns thee to iflalatala«etfk wwd, aot Saalaal's ,—let Us truth bs trasprli^rs himself on familiarity vhth the partitions eic of Mr. Wailaos's opera until we are justified laTbejtitute boys and girls.crimesfsmiller phraseBote ainsed sgaiast thaa sirming.")ft.'e, 17SC. 1M7, I!Ol, 1'9J, l"->,Klsst^s, and pii, thV wivs ;—In toe States, "Tae Mormons are-2. IS«2, \A.IbiTi Hi89, 18o2. 1«SS| lS«i VH&t'a* ••^norrefrain.an butevena Impossible,'with a determtoailontodosllinhis tomake ->:os.?0. po'ver'"H.off'^'^* m the demand. AU otsoreiav**'at thisCitybronghl togst^er by the Children's Aidwere for the most part orphans and des-They were handsome and welldressedattslpattac a bil|ht fatuie te lh« laad sf the Weshof toe Mormon Cnurcu and known. To a man so fiaiihar »ith the iiianl!,,idheightthe true character170, r,C,fuKK.iN 1'lr.AS.—Part r—."Jos. irtr. I8.-l>. IS''2. IMS.imolry.dealingXH.Ay, It ia He,wia the passionate realities ef right' and wrong, Who rides at Ue King's right haadnowJacksonvillebewitchesthepeople. Uponthesefoor the changes of ail conversatloa are rung. Fromseem to flush and pale like a living human face. And this indigaation, this soirrow, this hope and wrath, have nethlng in them of thalf lachrymose!Leave loom to bis horre and draw to Ike side,Under toe clrcumstancefi harassingsee his name already to some of tbe EaF'.era hoisted,S.OCe Uicb. So. 11 m b. 4S lUWi£k.CaBt.B...7.K10 do l>30 4eH sou. B. MM. 1.0,9.. *>X Z2S Pacific H. 8.Co.b3a.iaT to do .7.,ai 125 do lOSV lOoPaaaiu Rsllraad.Theyand loyal directness with which Who rises vp to her place .'—do78 308 OaL fc Chloago B.bl018H 168 do b«r 78<i •OO do ^6878^lOS dothethey assert thtmaelvasfiiridon of Kngland's Blizabxth when she The lines of the resolute meafliimpetuousFor this he fought In bis vonCh.Ito60 do t« do 28wosaanly, after thewords to her soldiers at Tiemt>Ie a little at last,wholetownsareonthemove;—yeteverywherepre- vails an impression among the more stable thatim- toldsufTeilDg, destitution and bitter disappointment,;OftblshedreamedInthepasttboseTBiury Fort, which Howard of Effingham, ** Smperoraad Ilia h^ipic sailors were so swift to Everaiare." tiaaslate for the beneSc of the Aimada into a lan-the butxm. which all could understand. The It Is not strange that he did it,de T3l 18)< d» -MKweightand brainof discoveries,—quicksil-was accordingly presented,wliich were evidently con-Honey andForeignt)^onfit hsr To^to toe Other.emigrants Thisapplause:Nafolkoh at Tillafranca than to JFapolbok Solferino.—enceE that watertrespass wlihout .iveirmg malice, could not be Judge llij.TON, of the Corjmou Pica', before whomFebtnaiy MarchFor the quarter186.499 gia,880•i86,7iKmvmiacent. The ern Seconds were lower thinV/bere Austria largsi ihe ItaUsa ehala Is view Of Mvta coBssaUag aatiaas, sparks sf ioeAdBBOBltory Ught.TUl men's ejea wink before convletloas aew.aFlashtnGod's totheworld'sasaazs, jujtlceWaSUag. •as—Aflalns Jjaaag tbe TltsiiasasBalea at Iha Btaek zehaaBe-Arsat, 2r.5?.M^ri5£sin:;.?js'.''a7kr^*rs •MM Obts Ktata ta. *n. iw trg Caatea Oomiaar.. IMaOTeaa. SB. IBM... WA, 4IS Bna BaUnadiTT . .SubUme Deliverer :—after many daysFiom, V, T„commotion has been created inart cosie to do—To ioKw the march of this noble canticle don coEcemlng its merits. There are 32 aumbers andTharsday, Muchai characterize Motmonis;! sbonld be tolerated, hate the consolatlenFound worthy of tne deed thou Emperorof betlevtog toat a few years wiu brtog the Ariay= here again, when tbe hundreds of munlered «(--^"^ ICOOE.R ilblLB... 48 i8SIBeb.Ceat.R..^throughout,Italy better than it has ever yetbeen told. Letfrom the Warin front of aetwo or three miles en bis way, and when theyseparated from fain eleven guns—a Bngadier-Ceae- PosTEa, -A. A, G., anH Lieut,the reader go to the poet, and hear it.Wljat leg-toof a Foarfelddor's BaaiesteKd Bi:i-^Frops«ed Enconiv aisement ta Telesraph Iilaes Eastward —Fire la Sacramento—Arehblahop Ale- nuuii'a Pastoral IiCIier—SliseeUBBeaaa.eaa FaABCteoo, CaL, Friday, March 9, 1660.end of ancient war cUmbs so high of Milan after Magenta :as thisepisodeFROBIby Maj. Second succeeds to ttie command of toe Department, and Col Mn^aisos,Take op Ifce child, Mao MASon, Iheughral's salnte—were fired as a last adlea.ly remarked that no ether military eemmander of theDrsgoona.SntTB.Tento Infantry,ns __Thy hftsd be redFrom Magenta'sAnd rJdlDi: on, 1b rroDlof the troop.In the dust of the whltlwlDd of war Through the gate of the citv of Blilao^ Andtakenptbechildtothysadr.lebow^respectsBtaBpede—OBSERVER.Bvf he is strange, this man the dark that ranin consideration ofvery: The people's instinct foimd hitmstates toat all toe companies,willbewithdrawnfromhereLargerLtTter to much tf the head,;disagreed.strengthrarely-giftedof that much blas- He Trill not swagger nor beast-*«*Allthe little drops, beads or nuggets scattered over their arid abandon toe Godforsaken country to-its fate. Bat fortht; best li.tc»estsof tbe Company.Fiom Boiives baser, Inaeed,Correspondent.qsHP Floib, V, T., Tuesday. March 6, ISSO.argument wds now concirjed. aid tiic Lioiir. took toe paticr*- a:id reserved deci-lnn.I,downc!o!-1ng eajei ^^Can avow lor himself at need Never,forlucreorlaurels,iit be Where men put service upon her.Found heavy to undertake And scarcely like to be paid:by the t;e'e..dar.t Piersou- The plain-ifF gave toe de- the traiTic of March last year as the last-namedAnd not for a cause tffinance, EmperorMessrs. William Fullerton aurt U. H. Mo.ange. for toe defendanta.niuvfd to dismiss the co.-npiaint on toethe deed greatof the new Board of Supervisors were cuopoBuaed toby a great monarch are toe Jfo«nratR«rr Informs its readers that thefar ileicna^uts. wliich vre referred yesterday morning as li^y taTbeExciseQocstioo. » followthepassageofthebillthroughth&Legiala-Xhe Board Excise Coinfrnssiiincrs vs. Patrick turc reorganizing the finances of tbe A/ompany,sorely tempted;dead.Amerieaaever left aasOf hie smile *e cleor a* a starThou bast a right to the child, we sar, Since the tcomm are weeping far jay eu tkanAnd the58 do U868 So:1£« do:..b80mWwaxb. MO do ..b«8ns( do..iiorfear thetouch aesoftafiover '.approvalof his official (»>nduct.dem-Tcatlaa—Polltleal Affairs. eisdsspsii^fliee ijf Ue Mew-Tort Kmes.LAnaxsai, Hoaday, March 28, UM..asolOS -.•38188SJ; Jodo.. ...While the shoot goes op of a natlaa tsMt.And herotcally sslf-reconeile<l,TtU the m-wtm that pe*kti Alp tloofmoStarlt, f—ting Goo't Snger anew.And oil ikote cold wM(e marttefiree OfmouKtimgenmUontheDuumui/ui»ia oar bones. The most extraordinary reports, thamost extravagant rnmora of SDlneral dlscovertsa aretolling in upon as daily and henriy, aad from four dif-100 ,SOS' do 668 doSM do. TT% --Co,he has done It all !await the arrival of tbecrowds. Silverl>eeu very great;longas Gorerament chooseslet200 do. k6«I>^ awch. k Reek L B.s» aPrUcker fsnet the Siste, "thea the St. Helen's wUch, qalcksUver—^'or piesi too near In the ecstasyOf a newly-delivered Impassloaed-lBadWaabfte we heir nothing de&nite or new since my been sorroiuided. toebyit hasHe Is moved, you Fee,last.alonga chink where was no dour J And elected him and crowned hiasdurtog camtog season. In a former letter, written soon af- ter toe report of toe Secretary of War reached us, IThrovghswell of reports of all sortsver, lead, silver, copper and gold. Being within a day attempted to show toat it would disgrace our Govern- cocted by Lasi. In due time toey were read. There steadiness, and present but few pointo of remaikfit the hole of a toad cohort; it fits bar And filch the dognan's meatTo feed the ofispiing of God ! XVI.depotoposterity. Nay,Emperor Eveimore.or two's travel of $an Francisco, we allow lesa for the accomulation about these stories by rolling. Therement to wltodraw Its whilearmy, they acknowledgethat toe Mormons are disloyal. But If any portioh iswas one which declared toat Jix Laxx uurht to to goA sudden outlet wlaiUng,toHave special virtues spead.convention chosen to goto a Stnte Conven- tion, ar;d seirct six men to case our vote for oar firstof Lass's were only able to chowing, toeyDilates from head to foot. Create* him absolute.And Irom this great beginning Evokes a greater eadTo and renew Ua— justifyEmperor Evermore.Could make a marvel in vain TThis miracle, made unmwore Bf a rapture of popular air.her Asnigardiplomitetiue,Geyaeis!we hear ofWhat;instiga- histo- ry of toe many bloody massacres committed upondid any maintainThat God or the people (thlak 4terms ofem Bankcreased ease both at Bank and w;ith ootdde laiithss!Soatkr balances, indicate contiaaed if aot i>>*XIT.to the that vat hetl f placeBut thereallythreatenAndcaughtYou thtnk he could barter and okeotWuh snIeUeettMeasure him ere he depart,opperttmltytoprosecutetheir diabolicala large stockholder aod creditor of the Americantrained to the Dittr^ist him in spirit and nerve, Becttute his meaning it straight.vgoverned s» much by the heart,stance,and If toey are satisfied that such is the* xvin.shellingprecious metal, nor a point that looks like it.;bSOTSH—breasureIs better indorsed by graver, less excitable menby shoektogiSm,.shouldto expect any cooperation from the Mormons would:journals,His cUara::ter/* /Tiiere directed a copy of toe proceedings of the Douglas p^rary'do .....I06H 108 doOhio. li.. I/.be wickedtoe horrible butcheries that have beenwlthto and adjacent to this Territory la toe last five or six years, but toat can be tractid MoimonChurch if werepass the casUag vote of the Chairman. But they read j ust as well for^yesterday or Saturday, and tliew\,John Bright. As, for instance, in this opening Nor does Mrs. Bbowbuio renderiess justice to a member of the Senate Judlciuy Committee lately less to say toat he chose the former alternative.byCoBDEif andOur City Water Works beingtunder consideration,ground ti,at tl;e Mtachmeai. bciijg vaUdEveiraore.with last season and th»t the roujplatot, belnir cuer(:lr lur a Januaryat The " Tale of ViUairanca" isan inimi- table sketch, in which, by a few cleail, quick;to make a for the poem here placela W.7S made quite manifest this afternoon. Theorders carried the price up to $12^, as agatost'$ltpartand control oi liie C'uujel snd A'.' u' nes of the Boarl took a fresh upward stort yesterday aftemooa, ad-for the splendid and stately verses entitled A Court Lady ;" and yet anotherill-bred and vulgar attock en Judge Ecxus, tindertoe TiMBC. of .Voadat-. Tbe mo'.io.'i was on toe"liiCl i'lst week. Tbe PacificjMail shares, which^vr.tt its face, protectee the . r-lHcer ar.d all peivtns Kctirtg tmder:JOO pages In tbe complete edlUon, which, la every ty- pographlcal respect, reflects credit SB the eatarprlslagl.ccebe<bre since 1849.We have a feurfoU fevsr ragingand It Is UBdenlsble that the Mormons haveited, eitoer by patriotism or loyalty, the geatle usagehavesiu .038 njt ••C.fcILLB.exdivxlwhom we are ladebted <^Geaeral'e quartarsi and eseatted him Soallybefore tols Wtoter.Gea. Jokhstob left for Washlsgton. vii California,S.OOS de b<0«8H 108do blSl«< ds.... .48 de sl8 4t^ doIt.CALIFORHIA.MS Jocon jitft J R k.e.i. f4)»8a"supon stirring times. All signs uponpleasure to him.68 dous do100 dososN.T.Cea. S :::::'S5^ ">•(neatquarters. TbeWashoesilverstartedearliesteommands confidence again ; then SiiallkamesB, and the States. Gen. Jobmsioh deserves the higheatpralseV» de SOS do 188 doSir«^lated with emigrants. From the couatles furtherpriestly maUgnltydevise and cowardly en-superior as a statesman, as a logical 7C0Senators.On Thursday last this county held a Caaventloato choose ddegates to toe Stato Coaven'ion on thedo ro dovantage, must be content to work for wages—which,clpltoe sftoe gallant little army."out. Thewho goes to work—as much as be chooses to the mere traveler.tripwillso decided an increasestock had been Reform members for their votes.133,183 152,178$417,380swarmingbe From St. Hielen's comes now a sort of gronnd-thelight, while tbe work will be heavy enough.which he stumbled.he leaped in. and scrambled out again parboiled.Legitimatelyabound in the vicinity—and what may not be expected of a land whose cool, refreshing-looking pools boU with hot water, and where liquid mercury leaps out of the rocks when a hammer strikes them ?Those who contemplate trying the extreme north- em gold fields, the Sinulkameem mints, calculate on rough times and hard work. Perhaps It is because of their distance, and that frosts and snows hem tothelrbecause that the news from theretoeyIt was themorespeedily is there.demands toat a sufficient military force ahouldbe togton, where he totencs to labor for our railroad ao- Bonds. The aiarket shows the same fevetisknasa;perhapstion of its priests and The apostles.them, to explore the w^ildemessare stimning. They come back telling ofrocks of gold scarcely more than alloyed with quartz. Every day since my last, new specimens have been out,broaghtsparklingthe gieat mass of aariferoas quartz—such, for in-heavywithgold.given to sundry At once the Committee was given power to send for'.attend at Sdcramento. A single session of tha Com- ject,)imaginedbroughtfacetofaceforjudgmentbeforethesisa- mitteesatisfied11thatthechargewasaslander,and Tufisis"nobody,"andsoconsideredtoNew-York.ple, straightforward conscience of Italy. Wo are tbe accused wiinout dolng.a stato orjust suspicion of evU- In a subsequent nuir ber It Rives your correspond eat" Richard" its attt ntion. The last issue contoins aaMr. EaiSTOH has introduced into the Senate a billproposing an appropiiation of $60,000 toward the es-tabiisbment of a hue of telegraph to the East, and the supposition that he ii your eorres^adeatalso of $4e>0()IKfor a second Une. These appropria- for that must characteristic and lofty poem, "The tions aie ibtrfided to encourage the two llres al-:ctveuDance ;" but our waning space warns us that we ready started. The northern is in operation through of all of them.- I toat it wasof Excise, and tianslerred to tic Law lJ-i,;artraerit^the mortal rules of metre and syntax in these the Itoe of travel adopted by the Overland mall, bests brought into toe Territory, to conslderablo quantities,Mr. McK<oi, at'jjrncy to 'he Board of Eicisej of- firmer. The general Share list, after a firm la- m bii own behalf, assisted by Mr. to" " Poems before the Congressit into St. Louis, thea h is entitled to the larger sum^ during toe pastfered, Holmes,usually profound prose in Iht cnirent of her swelling verse which are suf- How shall we scan, for ex-andtbeoiheroiiemostacceptthe(40,000. 1amun-year,the motion. These emeu cont^uclc J it> it gentport at tbe breaking up of the last Board,]was par-tially lower on the influence of the movementbeen. Yet there are some ficiently astounding.ofable to learn whst ihe prospectofthe Bor.rd of Excise did bave the to itot p^wer arpcounsel to themscivtis in this or any other ma'i^r. The motion was now atj,iie.1 bpftire J.iJgj Dilt, atiaample, World Vion w:i6 rfscrveJ." ForIs dvilizatlOB perfected."Searles dfcand G. G.about Morgan, do.,lapsesthis very practica- Legislature.than ithasby toe Mormons. It is also true toat toeie is some tmusual preparaf.on going on in Salt Lake City now, to toe way of putting arras In a serviceable condition. I am told, on excellent author- ity, toat toe Mormons anticipate some actiaaof Con- gress hosUlo to tob system of polygamy, and are dis-posed to resist it.is to theOn the 4ih March ihey had a t30,(^fire at Sacramen-ble pieposltionCentral. howpvcr,The transfer of tlu: msiiiLet> speculativeto,Toll, damage to bulldine, Ac, $10,000; Wm. Wes-Please,fully developed ChristiuiltyIt is a phenomenon quite out of our power to (proprietor of the Monongabela,) bu.cgles, &c., $1,M0; withdrawal of the army, after having ma;<e sirchi»ith fewIn Bailway Bonds a further ad-;endeavortogtoconsistencyof accepting such a se- strong charges agatost toe Mormons. It surely an- capacity A. M. andhsrLessin vebiclts$3,000 ; J. W. Reeves, a hearse, $1,200 ;Virginias;to makeplaced upon it to protect at least toe lives of emi- grants. Gen.JoHBSioahadmaturedaplanferfur-propriations, and for toe paymeat of the award clalrns as given before the CominissioKers last Summer. H. J. Adaus and Gov. Misabt will also visit W&shtog-In behalf of oar sufferers of '56. ilANDOLPH.nAw RBPORya.AOairs of tbe Amerieaa Hard Sabber Cam- pany.as and the fluctuations were far yesterday, quilequent in some of -the Bsilways, sspecially Ifsw- Tork Ceatral, Galena, Toledo, and Kducaa Guaranteed. At the Second Board, tha marltalt waa generally firm, and en some deacripti0aa a:'all that, and toe missionary soirit of Likb has liireadyFrom OtirCa«» Aa anuBoalThose who bave Bved here and knows.orsil. C. atatesi.. vat s*OwnOorrespeateat.camp to-day U coaaequence of the departure ob Gen. JoBimoit for WasUagtoa City, la pntsaaaee of ordersofwhat 1,000 doacooMe. Siauiet(«s de U,Oii« dome d* jBm*army with himaoI,D'SJChI.d,obnr.kQBU.B ea do..master-cienei^al,troops, ettcept tenfect any good.It would require all of toem to guarddone a atcitizens wliose bones areto* to the caltoBs and vali-ivs of Utah wta he avenged. Department The entire army paraded Snow fell here last Bight to a greater depth thaai,moCaL State Ts.... «tH IBS da..4.0)0 de Wn masidtog Rallraad.. tf' S.006 Brk'n City W.L.lOlk 108 Mlsb. S.fc H-IaAB. Wryinggoodtheironstrations aaade by the army reflected as mnchkoaoruniversallyin whlcn the General WIS plsced, have thoagkt thatdelegatestoour Kepablican Sttto CoBVsia-toetbe Intllans ifcculd any protection be afforded to emigrants anddelegatesdepots'Jacksonville minesthe Biost considerable diversion from the current thatsets toward Washoe. As early as I8i2 there was niilitog this protection durlog toe next season it was toBifiafswdays,and the resultsbeyondmyrmidons of Mer-G. Norton eton the Street te 77}toe of toesetiw off, fiaaUy closingtinsettled. New-TorkCentralopeaedst;folly,one ofby6'@5^is less show of demand foraf Baofe Honey ob tarn-good resultcase, toere are but two courses to choose between. One is to commence at once to honesty and de-flogit Ismilitary departoteat car-tot88ler •OSneh.3aAV.U.O.S60 do aas 69« ssPsaaaa B US.rthewishes of those ander his conaiaad. as well aaM Pacific M. 8. BS do.••••titSO 105i^< SOonL^.Jdeoa. R. «IKnot mer- received; bat witoont any Intention to U-BOWthe General's own wishes or desiresto theSB do hHStcouldment, its representatives and its army, and yet not a stogie one has been resented by either officer or pri- vate, though I bave no doubt toe tempUtloa has oftenWhile he has nob888^toatDortb—Batte, Yuba and Nevada—travelers say that mity could execute, has been ofiered to our Govera- debater he stands amoag toe first of Amerieaa liefor I venture to assert toat not perpetratedresolution (iov. Roeihsox denouncingtoewlto each trato offrom one of would.haveaffordedwere a fractiontoeytoe reach of themonlsm. But if any of toe troops are wltodrawn, of course tols arrangement caniut be carriedto- ward the Mormons can never re productive of anyrfeiits and to Messrs,high regards aadC0..V.M6 !» ,to the absolutely perpe-County Repi:'jilcan Convention to "be sent to evary member of^ Congress, and they will undoubtedly re- quest several Eastern journals to espy. Livx expects to ccrlve a great advantage bv crying petsecuuon, but where bis motives are bestknown he will make slow progress.Loan thanis a good offering at from S to 6directly^ and the acciunulation ofthe;of a new more in the Assembly to repeal the act of 1851, vybich ra- these Jacksonian specimens that I have seen have cency toto toem, and toe otoer to draw off at once, by the ^tc-cKao;OLrs, and wae ma^fcin go3d faitn and licquished railway toils, tolegraphed this aisar-—Hooy.IKn'M, J. Jam-iciiy, Ti-uslir, iic,instinct of melody which perpetually $400; J. W. :Stevkart, attorney and counselor, (Horary and toe Moimoos to keep toe army here, unless Con- men.orandum. Dejree to be seltlci upv/n two da>a'vance to Krics ^Bbownihoand we have nothing for it butBcKwr.T, J.—.'rifn et al, vs. Ei^rr.—O-icr startedwhile cent. The Bonds of the Illiaois Cetral are 83® S8}exdividend. Thisdepartment'ofthedealingscontinues firmer, if anything, than the Share list, t:Americans, we could have wished tocofcts to drf^iicoiDi./; u.in vs. f<»tWm «« e.'.—Motl'in gra'jte.1,„great national sin.required that a majority of all the votes eastcouatrylarge it cannot all be taken care of.I**My heart is soreFor my own land's Shu,"distance of Utah from toe States, and its Isalatlon, It costs.is as a part of toe coomion couatry. hardly regardedBoad in March amotinted to- $85,802, as againstand it will be an evilCertainlypartof theoutragesBasnv.AVUystateiaeataf following bom Hev-words as hens are hearddayis a comparativeholding liber ty without feeling that out own" Conscience, tradition and same, Explode with a deadlier blame Than the worat of them all."T'Jfur.yon payment of toe costs,.1Mrs. Bsownino'S appeal;Blunt, (carriage,) $300 Thomas Hill ana Dr.vs. quence of syllables as this should coexist with the harness,) $300 Juan de and swers no purpose save toat of enriching conir«cUtr3 Janeiray et o.',—Coi>slrUCU'Ju'"f l*>e will ^etllc^. Se-;explain,exquisitebreaks through the poetic compositions of Mrs.but the trait seems to be ineradicable,plainly pastsincerelytion which ia most marred by the outbreaks of this trait ia the very one whlen for oar own sake asbe the most25 cent.the 5thNew-York Central 7South-first SuBOay after the receipt of this;principal;atid rtirnltuie.) $l,iCO; Stevenson, do., ^2,000. The fire is presumed to oe the work of an inceudlary. Archolshop ALSuAsr, of this diocese, has adilressed— scrsxm cookt cBAVDFrj;;Michigan yesterday,gressas follows:that the one poem in the present collec- tbecollect 'pro />i>p<' until further BOtice, and to re- of Congress. From this much relieve thea .whichof toecite in public worship tee Utany of the Saints, on the Secretory,aulesBtlessed Virgin, whose maternal protection has The witodrawal of toe army will be followed by aletter to ihe Caihoilcs ofdirectpressing blunderfor the presentaon-actioaanojntv a «v>orn ct>o» ofthf: a^slium-.-..'. ir.Coiittruclion^ From Another,CoBipanyisincorp«ni'cd.Second Board, closing 63j®64^<9' cent.haslast advices to toteresttoe general reader. Indeed it IstaSS 62]®|. Both these liBSSon tbe 1st tns^ He was accompanlod Livtso^Tow,3 000 Mich. 8a.3d B-b.4H(The publication of toe VaUcy Tan, toe only GentileOur Legislature Is a good deal puzzled bow tt em- paper to toe Territory ,has been suspended, with littleo fencant t-I.O in lieu of the ^ruds seized. Th3 road. The North and South business goes aheadploy itself un'il Its "hundred days are up. By way ofa juke, last ^VednesJay, the Assemoly passed a Sen-ate bill ezemmlng bachelors' homesteads from taxa- reasons is this tion and sale on execution to tbe extent of tl,U0O.They seem a good deal ashamed of their action, andmay reconsioer it.renewed. One ofplaintiff si'te-rwhrds coiLmenccd this acL.on to re- cover <i-amases for blie alleged m.^^al lt;vy of tne at-prospectof itebeingThe foreman of toetoe.prtocipalaoffice, Mormon,of all previous calculations made upon ithe con--:the objection btmg tliat ttie a'.tacaotentat Cairo with the Bailway lines. The followiaghad bis choice betweenbetog cut off from the Church. 'To any one familiar wito toe absolute despotism of toe Church, It Is need'glring uphis sltuatloaand"toto. I am not to a condition to judge of the accuracyRichard." Hii statements are of course denied tocent., sales after, the prissad list, and that price bid. Panama recovered yes- miss our readers with half-a-dozen words ot crit- San Swe as far ae Fresno City, and halts for the Summer, twenty-three pieces of cannon had jiassed a I'he nioilcu was jasea upon tae i,lieg:itl.)a toat the terday's decline, and sold at 135} ig> cent. Chica-mustcloseourears to all thesesiijpnsreixiited there sticks,\for want of funds. The otrier goes by directly Jobhstob last Fall, that, durtog toechar^i? litigauoa City.and dis- Placcivillevjo Genoa, in Carson Valley (Utah,) and to Gen. know, however,wijutarin^petr, whlcoufithweas alleged of theoriy autoarized tofnorthern gentiL-mc'inow chargeofthesehadanp.->werlaMrs. Brownimo's divine rage is more heedful of the $60,000. I.' the southern line Is smartest, and by doubtedby true toat arms and ammunition have beea toemi'o jtowtr oFaulLority to act.I thtok Secretory Fiotdto convictand Tcnnessees, cither ofTeiing.youparcelswere error to tomDccisicas.RorjEUX cocai—si'EcrA L t«f.m.of was had. The Common Bonds ofCol.Sevenii Infantry, to thatof Camp.2,OtoI"-C R B.ex OPbcELli BatkKANSAS. OcIe«ateatathaNatlaaalRepablleaaCaa— 18 doandstiucted to vote for delegates toTihlcago who will favorbut asanl to regard toe cowardly rebels' as Icyal citizens, army atoe occasion pass witoout girtog expresslcai to toat 60 do..;UH "i"" do .asaat they grant by mountain, speculators eapi- officers know toelr toward toem and will malice which troubles same of our 100 do ma »s do As talists have all the work to do. There Is little reason duty psrfonB personal promi- to* do li\ !•• de oM<it And the ability of tbe officers to control toelr men nent republicans so excessively. Lahi had succeed- 100 do OHto hope for surface diggings, audi without them, all under such circumstances speaks volumes for the dls- ed, in-lhe mato, in managing the primary elections so 108 Mich. 8. & >. L B. 10 l00Ch.,B. kQ.B.,mostly elected,do^several instances are to- toe nomtoation of Vfu. U. Ss Such is tte case34 dalittledoabttiiatoar ISS do TS 8S do SMMCTTTi M do..bssn^ UVsv-Jaaaor K...\jiPbsfnBSABS.for thoroughly and the Jadge CoiLAioB would be among toe first to com- $1410 XT. S. Is, I8ES.. . .igoM mKsadlBrBaOraad., comprehendtog matotatotog 1,COOTe«n.»s.UOO.... 9l)Ji »e doactual relations that toe army bears toward cUlzeas. mand toe entbe opposition votei It Is gratifylag to 1 OOe Trie R. Bl.. I8TE 38 soo doto tola county, and toere ie Jeftopenthaatoatpannedby ^boladelagatiaawiUbetofavorofMr.Sx*Aa>,firstto t.whlck tuiexampled forbearance of the But gentlemen from Placervllle say that all anny to Utah Is a strong argument to aupport of toeDavid E. Wbreler and E. W._for :»lato- I'coi for de-'man for toe crists.as theneeds no pen-eulogy, and wlU not, should he tiecomeoppottimity-itfeseated by the tendtogtbeCoavenUonandorgmgsomeofhispetwell done agalart expressly!choice for a Presidential nomtoeesolemn, from the fact, toat while tbe Conventian wsithan yesterday. The trade dssBBMlCompany, Judson,; soldopta78Rogers and Henry el.—This was a motion on behalfof the plaiatiff for an tojuaction and the;patentpenbUE^ed end tended to diminish toe value of tue stock.personal propertyKuulg fcr*liO,i)00, which wan uaathonz-S:cug'ato.i Wra. £. Curtis and Samsel A.cent. Toledoadvancedcenl. at the cloae, aad Illi-show afor ai- alleged trcspasn. Tne snii aro^e out of the telegraphic advice to-day the Toledo $10,471,—Lcfevrt vs. Ficrson et at. This was aa aetioHliberal increase in tralnc —plaintiflasan abscutding debtor, which w«s leviedcountrypresentover;CompanyBjHltii-ofWhite ^^'Le i).,itii'ii)ars >! tuis .ja^e wereopposetoe Term of 'toe Common S^vC'^ialabated^Tt.e Slate Stocks were firmer for Mlssouria,John D.Wm. McKeog opposed.notice.wllL autoorize Its use tolaw. The Secretary has to choose between keepingthe army here toacUre, and movtog it where there Is til.:'. dtfet.<' ,!>• wr.Ma ti-n 'itys oeU'er to laii'ias' Lcth classes of stock improved {31 ^and we a'so re- for be carries a heavy lead now, and toere Is a hair all the fitithful to recite every day the litany of that breaks toe camel's back.The on the Bonds of the improvementPresident,for Americawitl^jmpatience, hostility, in Sierra, aad "many to other counties," which universal todignation. What are the details of Juax Chamhers .-s. inci*.—Judg'oent far plaintiff on de- the Exports, (exclusive of .Specie,)not to listen to any foreign taunts our slave- uponlame and impotent reasontog they conclude that theume U most creditable, asd evidences both progressWashoe region.HooPBB will never dare accept his chailenge to a ptib- lic discu sion.The Judge is an honest, earnest rntn, aad left here'"„„„!riS: «"",?; fcriwe^;^ S-luTSiaofnew operas. We do not propose to criticize the ma- Snr.iety,doing so by a dramatic perforataacesf it.children, aad appearad exceedtogW happy,The MateoeataThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comf( hoaast,iateUigeata«B an*•««"«» •«"aattsdaf,Untitled Document'canliis blood boiling, of toeatrocides of that wholesale\anyread,sacre of one hundred and twentyat Mountaia Meadows, by the Mormons and IndiansTprovidlag 20pay, and $3 mileage for everymeet on tbe first Wednesday in June, IMD, and revisethe ConsUtutloo. The bill also appropriates $50,000 murder, and especially of toat fair whs for expenses. For a country where it never snows young gill,the monntaini. is not this a Itltle the throwing her arms around BiskopF Lti, aad beggingDiert of costs-of cemurrer.theThe Senate, witbbut a qualm, has moved ourand then her cut ? tliroat coollythe last five impudence, wlthto weeks,«2SI,S(« 109,360 60|$8,«e»,fMboys and left toe girls)yesterday1.',»ere aidLO raies to re»«t la el'ber '""• heavyGLAUCUS. Children far She West,^Legisla-violated,The-card of Judge CaASLSBACOB seems to have«T|BalaBseofMr.W.T.Waliaoi's;iewoperaof Lurlhie,"re-cently prsdaced la Loadon with oaequaled success. meridian, provldtog Congress consents. The ad- accutedthe Mormons of being Roman Ottaolics. »3, 311,219:277, 3!)3, 615 219,-145, 621, (i-l, 5».l. 3.-..ConsideredslBiplTInItsmechanicalaspects,thevol- ditional breadth of two degrees embraces the Hehas protf of everytotog be aiicgts, and Mr. 677,eal,4;3, 7li3. 711, 719. Part /f—Vo". K>«, Sll, the Adams'Express. Wequote from thePic»-pesple of Moimonism, It must be gai liag to beat toatestanltshlog militaryand the demand oursouls,ourLordandSaviorJesusChrlat.'' fertoelivesandpropertyoftoeGentileswouldt!.ea ofopTX>'Jngrn'Uai,. -visa,tomakeanJserveaCise haatakenplaceinthemortgagesoftheHamiltonfrequently been sensibly felt, and whose most power- general stampede of aU toe Gentiles to Utah. Toere artistically faultless. This is a sad, stem poem, ful Intercession has often proved efficacious In recon- is an impressiOB tliat toe little secarity nowica, and full of the true voice of all that Is civilized, We all thought that the for a Consti- be gone. projectpure,valiantandhonestintheworld,againstour tutionalCoavenUonwasnegativedby5.000ma- ThecendlUoBofaffairshereisevidencetoatouroneand Harlem isde'irumt to tice»" to decisions of IVcfer'c anthia At private sale we hear that a like improvementcalled "A Curse for a Nation," addrs8aed.to Amer- clUog the fallen with the Chief Bishop and Paaior of existingten '-a^F cu pavrii.-!!.: It pialuti:rs attorney Slo consjority at the last popular election. The enactmentMoj.CElll', J.— vs. Fester, Krecuior, ic.— Camais sois made in no Pharisaic temper. Her warning and for members of Assembly should be required can imagtoe no otoer reason for the apathy of taecr^isis.entreaty come from due who may loyally say, to authorize tbe ealltog of a Conventioa. Bat the people and of Congress, toan that owing to the great f;<:«.-ji rt «i. vs. BJs»r»w.—Mo'Jon dCBled Wlto 97 The traffic on the Cleveland and ToledaLegislative Committee that has the matter to hand, wtOle admitting that M,070 votes comprised the ag- gregate of tbe votes for Assemblymen, and that but 4S.K0 were officially returned for a Convention, still assume that 1,000 votes were cast ia Yaba, and 1,8C0contempt or indifference by a people who ought ought to have been counted, out were aot. By this Baowa's foray compared wito toose of the mas- Uiitr er, wlui leare to defeudaat to amend on pay- Terkto Foreign Ports for the week aadwhen sucha huadredtomitted here.-if committed to aay State, would excitevs. Ho'land,com-isplicatioa misNtd Hitl'outtObU, and witoout ptejadlcelta. ti-u denied a.tb «" cjtts to deieudint, tu aOlde'1V63, 1872, 1874, 35.eveabitwore a.i»foli«ir« winBiiis wUhaWwlaccoM.>io« rujAS—sraciAL txsm.the 1859. same month inJ—dls- to t»-$75,330 Thesrr.CIAL TEBM.vs. IV lUiaws.— for toe defeadaat JuilgmentISSS. 1»»3.•1.207,889 tI,67T,6re •S,«MTM23fil, 1836. 16S2,'-iSi,Oe. Tbirul-,.g«gur»« at tkeolwoofCleu^yprtIfr27,4l;2. IJ.-.Vc-;.1676, IbiC. -,1^.Starilag eauiiurststessBjS,., allowing•4Sithe Id 3ds,;20 M B. ••Iiel L A W.M M. »J 108».nto Gal <! fcbMMJicents, sola at 103 ^^do '.ilJMS 81!i las doM IlHCUve., UQaLkJ iSdo608 Brio Railroad.. seo 12 MO Clove, k Toledo B.S68Mill, ft Misi. R... IH 308 do30H 6 doOo.bC. B. SaSwhich closed this aftemooa, the lato en 10g|<S>108i, the standard drawers at tlMDiscounts,being done at 6 Shorter dates areOctober cent., ef course double aaiaa.Exchangethe early Board at 77^then dswm up again at the aftansoa appointment Board to 78i'3i, and closed TliVi ^ eeaU61}large,and Da^yton and Little Kiami Boads, and also lathe G cents of the Western which leading cities,niainiaiued of the their credit thtoaghthetrialsTdc foilowini? Exchange quotations fra« OrJtatis are furnished in advance of the mail by:quite atsady.811.  