 *the diect produced in the Unltod I., y'>::.'^'^'S^t''.-4^.^^^-^-^-^ ^-jT*E -x^ ,>— I^ JMPd wMti<i»«t Oftion being held.?^'<*f:-•' - ""..---.5,niTtoIll^wJl&.i*H|li i^ilTlnliilni—tcyoadof offioera and area.ylM*.^K-a^^^atlyafand more aMetle man than tbe dlstlagnlsb*man whcm ba Ihna wantoaty assailaa, aad tiiat the latter bas laMWiBW) been tn feeble beam slaee bla arrival heta^ tmt on ovtban ene oechsbmindbta,goad.:. C^AXuaiOB, Mondajr, VmCoarentioBmetat10A.H.A(«il 30.vention proceed to allowed.vote,and that no other businesa beBOUSE OF REPRE8ENTATIVJE8. WasBiBonB,Honday,AprU30.seeUng to oiwlbiiwi •!• Cmistitoiionoftoecotmtry. ItIsallvarywalltaaayCONVENTION.'H'^^fitiniw tbeMi, Iloadkr. AprU 30.; of tbp IQnotitr Platfonn,the ifeht of lie Georgia Delegation to a '^ta hf dlsttlots.1*8 PraaideBt having repealed his decision that the word " request," in the case of Georgia, Is equlv.Chlafoftbe Squatter Sovereigns should recetre tne on Resatattsas, aad <hat body beM tta meatbig to dls- erassent witb aj^Bc^tiaBa U dKertata'^^^faabaaay, aoialnatian. The protest Is sifned by flirse of the cbarg^flM «wtr tkaaiavoaaa apoo it, vriMs Hon. H. Meaars. WauaaaararnaMd tta w^ia^vaiaat;,J tTM -nbn, rettrad Aom the CoBTsntlon, after jwttt Ike Cleil: pntnti wUeh had erldeotlTlearly oot of order.Onr first mail fioax biere for over a montb anrlv^|Hpg aekaoner Star on (he 12to h»l., wlto dates ta tdlMbiLAarfnTar As FnaUeat addnaed the Ck»Ten- t for the hardi langnage need by himoa Satnrday ereniitg. He, hoW- litUidntr to speak plainly ami pofl-Tht riiisWiBi anaomteed that the first bostness in Isr was talkg a rote on the main question,Mr. CoCHBAjn, of New- York, asked a suspension of therulestoallowMr.RioBissioatospeak.* The motion was declared out of order.by saying there is literally nothing new.tbe HeUcans are of incapable'ItatofHr.BtiTLaawasoutoforder,andthatavote •a the Flallorm most now be taken.Mr. CljlSU, of Missouri, was unwilling to reach a icaaltby snbterfage that we cannot reach by plainMr. GtmaoB, of Maryland, attempted to address the Chair, Imt -was called to otder.Mr. BnTiza withorew his motion to lay on the table, and proceed to balloting.The Preskient was about stating the queation, whento address the Convention, complaining that wtiile those on his side had given a respectfal hearing to the South, they had not been allowed to say one word. He and those who acted with Um had agreed nevercoimseltoliispoliticalassociates,hewasdead. His decease was appropriately aimounced by one of his colleagues. Capt. Rtxsxbs, of New-York, rose to move resolutions of respect and sympathy, but gaveample security for its prompt fulfillment, or the for-,not, to his knowledge,to say a few words.strucilons St nah • ebaiaeter, laaamnch as there had days age.lAiltlan*, SooOt Car-aiiuBfaisiMiM|-|*i ontr AetfiTisiiiatoij deep symyatby lor the Soulhen Slates, aadaaklag proper or cwNTdelkB bad Been taken by them bm- hIsLcgatioB. He politely expressed his plsamm at 1t» adTinc*.Hr^ Waioai a falsifier. The Mr. Batabd, of Delavrare, in behalf of Umself latter rejolMflvit be (Bun) was a liar, wbanoponmore. •~Bythe arrival of toeBrooklyn, wito Ur. Hill iaiW<tMBdW tkolr dapntora. The 'WUc speech he had ever heard. •(alla*ynisMiMofthe Criesof"Order."?and one other of his colleafoes, withdrew from the your CoHeowritTiini Mr. WaMii, aeeoamanjrtncue Dlqmtehea were received to-day from tbe MadB^ CoL Picun, totelilgence had- been received .Conventionofthli^-threeBtataa,abeofwUchbara blowwithaiaaabsrofMaipMaaomiaplUitila, Wbca ranean(QtadroB. TheycontainednothingofV.was tm ike sabatititte otTered by Hr. clined to vote.wisdom of toat policy. We should not abaadon toe can it be denied by those who willhalf of lissasrhnaetts, Hlnnesota. In-advantoge gatoedposition and purposes of the Republican Party, and1, wttkansolail<m for flia protectkm of dti-get/<ict«present—'" -aaaseffaralcKhiilk. KhodeIsland setts HH,4, ConnecUcut 4, Pennsylva-alsattoaprovisioaorMr. YM3ct\ replied at some length, declaring that Mr. Gimies rose to demand an expianstian. He slaveholders against the encroachments of territorialbeets, asparagus,potatoes, bananas, and plan-spreadVirginia,: » Toice died out "Mr. President, a mistake—I dtdn' aecand that maB*t motion down there."BArrLi-GaoiniD, Sab Jacibto,and tookhis forces /or toe City of Hexico.lt'-s-<? .-%•y>ie<wald like to know who it was that spoke so disre.ipeiilfiilly of him. He claimed to be a delegate fromMarland.r. Ho«ns rose. He did not intend anything dis-aqpaetM to the gentleman from Mar; land, but hisamiwill call at my room and take a drink.in absence of otheryou throughnominatingdelegatesChicagoCon-him to his attack on this place abont 3,000 naa,at tbaaaeTheyisToxHoopxs,ofAlabama,r. Omnas—ir Qo iLsuIt is intended, the gentle-movementwasmade&ombanto&IImritg Ttftn as e satiniute f&r 'Ju mojanty report, a:ui aaMuttflti Af*.IDS; iVoys,13S.TM MttHil^ B«vort is as fallowsthat in case the delegates of Alabama should with- we foimd u girl, about -ty. conkiii«; rice for herself hear threats everywhere that the Conrention shall draw, as adopted by tne Convention of that State, no and her ole man. who was yet at liis task, and two not meet, and that any mta who attends it will never other person should represent that State in their Con- pickaninnies, who were Tolling on the floor- The dare to show hiiuieli at houie again. There i^. ofowE:what he had down agato, and leffcmarchedBai#<ee<.TlNB«e. the Bemoaasy of the Union, IntmirmatB assimbkd, hereby declare our aSirmtace«rtba teaolaliaaa ansnnaensly adopted aiid declared assaiatfDcm o( ptJaeialfs by the Oemocntle Conyentionas Glnemaati in the year USS, belleyug that Demo- Mississippi, rose, and stated that the delegation of that esati* nineiples are nncbapgeabie in their nature when Stale authorised him to state that tbe delegation alio fplUa to tiie same sabjcct matters ;Sia'-e at largeDistrict. No stronger names can be found to the What toe result would have been bad hlssuppUaKM—M,as the only further resolutloBS, the followingShe was not very communicative, but thecountry. Notcalled to nomtoate State officers for August'I'be meeting to day was presided over by a dlstto- gui^hed soldier of San Jacinto, Got Isa*- L. Hill, of Fayette, assisted by numerous other survivors of toe: JEesofoes, That ail questioBA in feK&ra to tbe rights ofa abashed gates to the Wheeling Convention. The Conventioa~ty in States orTerntories. sruiD? under tne Con aiibncftiwOnitedHtates,arejadinatlatheirchar- acter, asd Ibe Osaso<«auc Party u pledged to abide by sad laithiUlj earcy out sucb det«rmi6atioa of theselittle darkies wetedisposed after a while to be fa- miliar. WhenIenteredtheywererollingontbehavebattered toelarger portion'^:^4.-,,:;I1Bsaaired, That the Democratic«heaa|iusitioD«r thi liland of Cuba; on such terms as I •ball he honorable to onr-el7e*.i.d ja,t to Spain,floor, playing with aknown a similar i>ccasion in any State of toe Union."Stortoat rosetrianiphautly at San Jacinto to 1836, was un- furled oathls occasion, end will continue to wave intois contest until the battle is fought betweeii politicalFrom every section ofto the presenttopped so waatOB a fercd if we had not and s'aaestlocs as has liaeaor may Court of tbe Dalted etaies.fee made by the Supremebut such an event would Republicans everywhere occurred to interfere with it The ob-.onBuoJrm.Tbatltis thedaty of the United SUtes to aiford ample aatf oompieie pjotection to all itacitisens, wbether at home or abroad, and vhettier native or for- •wnbdrn,ILtaoUed. That one of tbe necessities of the age. in abe more favorable to nothing jectofthisConventiontheThe identical flag of toeLoneRepublic,"'auUtar«cammanicaU'iii between iLe Atlsotic aad Pacific States, jad the Dunuctatic Party pledge »ucb Conititutiuaai ««Ternmeat aid as will insure the co-struction of a cailnad to tbe Pacific Coast, a: iLe earliest practicable yeneo.byhere,since. Maryland,people of herpoliticians..cor.merclai and costal of ispoint view, seeedythey are instructed to vote as afee', play^ quite gained but when 1 started to go I found onethattbe anaitmerf.of ^ttte(soeftatthe faithlbl eiecaiion of t oe l^aBitiTo SlaveConsti-sslUlag to obey tbe tBStroctimi to leave tbe Convea- tloiiincasetlteMhmil^i^ortisadopteo., «rsij»»^and therefore tbe delegation withdraws, with the exception ofTexas awaKs her re- SAN JACINTO.law.catiesi,Mr. FLovamr asked per mission to make aYours, tec,The New City Railways.tlonalOovemmenttoite command for such attack. -money-Is wanttog. and in;" ..,^ Y*r,..^ , yjsuiiversive ot the revoltttioaary in their effect.the absenc; of the mothers attends to all the children on the»ra.h«stUeia«baracter, n^three of the members.ofMr.CLtxs, Mississippi,But toe chief '°"^**tpersonal «i|>laaatloa; darlaflBg himself for Uotjatu, and un-'old delivered, in behalf of The woman,TO thr Ki'tor Iff tke NevYork Ttmtt1 have read several articles in your journal rela-thepresentDelaware, coateaded preamble to tl.c minority resolutions oontroyelts thesentiment, we learn, is soCiiielDBati Piatlorm. Ctteaof "Order," and athey partedcarryludedto.toe Mtoistry of Foreign AgMta.«D» of Us voice uniU drowned In t.heMr- Bonis demanded that the question be fint;venture in toe uase-toe votes were c"""'^,;^«daa OB Uie arM^wrt of theCtenimati platMsaa separate;/,' and it was Ay«a,Sn; NayvjO.long looked forward tothe •^'to *l toprovements you ^pected Tbe IS said of his mission to fte Baited States.pqit-;^'^^ '^.^^••rm. JteIt ilTherewasa most disgraceful occurrence in theDcrosTbas tokentheone entire floor ofto toe Government.tato toe toconvenierce »"f„°2?fewSSlitti^ I llanwtIreshftjlw tbat MississippiWehnporta^oe. snpbii,gentleman talktog at thesigned byto allow In the' Conven-bo& house-tached to their masters and are apparently contentednrUhrfm Ue £egtsUncr3aetaibat is ai- -«LesrislataresI'I1[the principlesquarter.man wbo, duringto refuse towitnesses who have t>eea called before Mr. Covooz's Committee, on the ground that the investigatian has t>cen irregular, and an infringement of the constitu- tional prerogatives of some of the officers of the Gov-rof toe ConstltuJ combine and move the.The questloa tftas Koazred on the adoption of the plause in which the galleiies joined.) 1Tbetime ance. Tbeir wereasbrightasthestarsat wll| eyeslosscers of tbi House. The Republicans saythe offi-railway legal leslstonce to then, and also to toe kind of rails,willtoeaslnoiity platform.Mr. ASUS, of Noitb CaBttaa, stated that if theseMr.MiiioK, of Florida, in behalf of that delegation, presented their protest and withdrawal, telling the North and Northwest that as they had hardened their hearts ana s-.iffened their necks,them with but little-.•"She would be com-slled to abaadon the Convention, and dite»Knrrt r.ieht.vinorlty resolutions are•"-Tsel/ /rom Uu Democratic P^trtf. iCbeem fromuTeMr. of Sicuicur,that thethe necessary appropriations for the payment Federal.officers.TBI JAPAKISI KMBASSr.The steamerremato,lar twcn carried focwaid.(oradopted,—were 1S3 servants on the place, quite a little army. paymentHevSfor the final capture end the struggle..uproar. resolutloii affirming tbeand baniysystem or not is a questton.byMay. Csptcommand, and Lieut Baowapanied Gen.Tamptoo,'**':^ , _^sJS^"^'jIthey will retaliate by cutting off the appropriatioa for thethattion will be topersisted and, wltoout:preset Tre.^but »e" "»"»<«<'' '«>»ld""«oa,'Mr. Stuast, of Hichigan, obtained the floor on a-tf -W^"'W':^\^,^"'-*< , '-"«»•; i!f»-j'^J^m^^W^,WPVIS^^^j?PW>H;?'.-^? i^ii •.Sr^,>>intimation to vote as a unit,Mr. Sawian appealed, and whUe the vote was and eonsnit on the qneatlon.aBSrd batter aceoBsmodatloas tbaa Wasblagton hotels.Domes VI IBS BouotMMrsf oar rfc.withdrew bis appeal.Mr.^BuooB,of New-York,nowthattheCladnnatlMr. of kiclced op aaothar ennass, Maryland, againCommtttaa.Mr.^lKBilapUadthatthia (tatementeaaldnot-^ ___—belBg taken,,MiMht tiirOrder," and great coaftishm.Mr. Girnses continued to proolaim himself &om a bonier Slate, and lucceeded in getting himselflaughed at, which seemed to be his object.Cries ofMr.added he had not bad tbe honor of meeting the Freal- dent before slsee 1840, when he made the laost yioleathat an lie adjournmentGiTxnasreplied,the coiuso punned by Mr. BuauBOAn,—soBdac 'to lay on the table would carry the whole suojeet with it.The President decided that It wonid not carry to the tikble the Cincinnati Platform, just adopted.«anawtMafHifcrflfc'i r>lllnnili ilalrfillnn Mr. Gimsisg rose to a personal explanation. Be conroltation.J^ ant did not mean any Insult or silence to the Chair, by Mr. HaiaicK moved to adjonm at 8 o'clock to-ni^ttail^JIfntkacagwhoaaetlBksttbe Tsmaikthat he had first seen him at a Jobs WhigThe omn|l V MMMIMt'iinie aonsSrons by ,cnonm„m.erJc.ia.l. eJnZtaTMrp.ri-ae. o.•»«»• «»king vessels, , qwat abandonment of toe alege of tUa plaee bfHiasaieB, and If the prompt and gallant aetha MfciiiMf lt«l||i'|fOiil Til Inrill riaalilaiil. in 1 TiCoceaASS,New-York,adjournI ttioDg gathered at St Andrew's »j«qge«tari to leaye hot Delegates and OS of Sooth CaroUaa, le)} off In eooseeUljig tmlty of action on Be'was followedThe excitement In the City is greatA salute is in honor of the Sonthem dele- preparinggation.and It Is ewill nominate DtOQasoii, with probably SraFasHS IbrVice-PresidentThere is considerable feeling against tbe threetoads to the hope that tbara idH saw baation given to tbe snbjeet of HaaiMBaAlHt 'SM--- 'X-.aad itwill prove avaluablementsntooftheooeiaiaaues^^aiaa(UjeeBaM8BtpIatfanB.~ aiid all In the same strain.whatbasmostdiscoaragadIbe TBiaia! •'v* r«ly tsOlitg eAv 9*akan,f seatao, ther adjonnied, te hoMa sippi and Florida desired to withdraw their votes, Soath Carolina delegates who refused to secede.THB TIEW AT THE CAPITAL.Special SispatcH to tba Mew-Tork Times. 'W>SEiaai«a, Holiday, April 30.The news from Charlestssi this morning was ail infavorof Doaeuis, snd his stock went up to the highest notch.Wiasiu. was tnsttucted by bis confidential adviseritoftoBt of tbe Cttr Ball, where thou- i and knnaUag la tfaeli bonor.a( the Doog- thli WiBlail Mr. Fanos, oi ,.|p^<Jiiil Uamn-Tummm of Aitauoas'law,)^)propriatian bill, leavtog (or(IMiiltlaiflM sseaden, were held in tlie The BaUna wen aaraoaded.Tbe excitement here consequent on tbe proceedings Mr. Snvaar, of Michigan, rose to a question of of the Convention is intense. The Tennessee Con-there to bet all Us nuavy on Dodglas.P.confirmsfieai tte Aaaaoiatad Press. bers.each party in prarlaasly-expreated opinions. Those Ur. Doouttlb, of Wiscoasto, (Rep.,) mored to take which a duralila Government caa beCaiauMOv, Mondar, April 30—A. M. TiaaHiiiilmalllughasbeenqnietto-<Ja7.yt» IWwdi^W PaoaLia expraaa great ecnfideaee In I the third ballota^ Meads are equally eonAdeat, and It U p ttaaght Ika aooOi will r«U7 on him.iJtTVxeool. nOdEDDCfiB or YX8TXBDAT.Mr. RiOHAaBsos, of lUinots, rose and desired to ad- dresa the ConvenUon.determined to defeat DotexAS say that he is used up, whilehisfriendsarguethereverse. Severalgentlej men who arrived tbis eraolng from Charleston say the nominatioa of Hr. DaoaLsa Is out of thefor toe relief of Absob Dodob. Ur.Labi,ofOregtm,(Dem.,)saidxastherewasl--*w *?»Immillliby participating in the action of those that remain.Hr. Sadisbov, of Delaware, said that lilinself aadTie MbvalConualttaewm taka aeOdia tii >ii>ii^'»wL'Sa|bfet'*" ato»,.n«-».l»«^ «»nomy, it 1, appreh^ided. will defeat this ImportMl | ^*°'tr of the Marin aad tba" and then Perhaps so;"made to allow of a consulta-UttontotbaaalM.On beailw tpa> ColUotor Basaa flew into a tower-of meeting, making a Whig speech. He honored such tmtll to-morrow morning.the tbat in ab fact, BOw«Mi^«Mimfiad, realityvaiBBwaiKiKVto^Praddnit. ThcBcdten meet men. He henored man who dared to be a Dem- The motion was anyinstructions had been adofitad by tbe PennsylvaniaFrom the Assoeiafed Press. WismaaroB, Honday, AprilTbe Snpreme Court, to-day, decided against tba Luco Land Claim, Involvtog two hundred and seve*> ty thoBsand acres of very valnable lud In Califor- ida. Tbe decision was based on the existence of sto- pendons frauds, perjury and forgery.•iM.AaiM«%BaIl.tan.«reatl7 ebied.ocrat in Massacnnsetts.Mr. YaacBT, of Alabama, said the motion to lay thebalaaee of the minority platform on the table is outof Order, as it is to a motion to strike oa equivalentall but the ilrst resolution, which would be clearlyjotirned hours.at S P.M.^out ofTbe President declared the motion to lay on thetableinorder.After the vote had commenced, Alabama, Missis-Theseeeden will meetapeeledorder.to-night,Tte Hooas Post-ofllce Committee have agreed onan amendment to toe Poct-offioe appropriation Ull,antboriztog the Department to use every qoaitai^revenue for the payment of transportatton expenses the constant peisiatence of jolargea partt^oHM" '-^''^''^.^Lit only, wltoout waiting for the enactmokt of a special Journals of the Umted Stotes, partJcalarly ttaltaiifci ,'"^'^^,*Wsad Arkansas withdrew three of its votes, all reiiising to rote on the subject.MorUi Carolina stands firm, and so also does Mary- land.or the annualCongress toe existing supervision over the salaries of oiEcers, Ac, and the annual deficit to be paU oot of the treasury.SENATE.WasbzbotobI Mmidsy, AprU 30.Sundry memorials and petitions were presented.On BoUon of Hr. Laibaii, of Califiwnia, (Dem.,)the report of tbe Jadldary pommittee on the petiUon of Gboboi L, BASDAan to regard to the estete of Da- vis C. BxoniaicK was reconnaltted.The result was then10 the Conrention refused to lay the remainder of the minority platform on the table.The Convention then proceeded to vote separatelyand delegates withdrew.andof thetoat toe present straggte here ispower, a sure dvU war, togisaitwo parties, boto of whom are itoat all tbat is necessary Is to bilhg abqnt imeat or eompromise between tltea^ aafl ""1—rb » , ~, *^ ^ra>d BoBiiacH iddreaMd on the resolutions.Mr. Baows, of North Carolina, vramed gentlemenDonoLAs will be nominated to-morrow en the first ballotThe Convention will have some difflcolty to obtain a Southern candidate for the Vice-Presidency.compromiseor mutaal Ibrglvaaeas aad tosnre a peinjanent peace.Nothtog is more erroneoni ttaa flds Such a peaea woald be weraa Oaa would be to vlolatloa of the OBlyannonnced, ayes 81,noes 186—VirginiaGeorgiaarediscussing,partcal^aatdisivyM^-^j-'^tnMthat, if they adopted these resolutions, the Demo- cntic Party wHl cease to exist as a National Party.-..St•Ji»HOWARD. Older.Criesof Downgressmen, in response to an Inquiry of the delegatesOeneapoadent. only"«--?•an* *J*-S ;*»-,"remain In the Convention, and to support the nominee.!down !" by the Southern mem- of that State, advised them, this mornlng,'toGOSSIP FROM CHARLBSTON.Gieat excitement ensued, and the Southern mem- Kit. CUSHIKO—THX BIB0SAXT-AT-AS1(8 AID HISup toe b^When this civil war is an attempt mate by tta Cba^htooveitbrowacoBStltatianal andtegaIlT-<--hen demanded a decision on the point of order, re.fusing to hear Mr. RicBAassoir, and crying him down. Mr. RicBaaseoH maintained his positlsn, and great anxiety was manifested to hear him. He made several attempts to speak, but was called to orderby the Alabama and Mississippi delegations.Judge Muz, of Alabama, demanded that the Con-dipcthe—DiATH Or OOT. BOBiHSoB, or— — VIKMOaT ^TlSn TO A PLANTATION TODBTHDAT ABD ROTHIIIQ DORE.From Oar Own Oomspondent.qnestlon, as the determinallna Is to dsfeat him or break up (hethat a slower set of men, or a set which can more^ Andtber half hour was spent in points of order, and '*^-^privileged questions, when a vote was taken on the truthfully claim the title of m de|lbe»tive, body,"never heretofore existed.The President performs his duties admirablyfarartfila taaa-motion to strike out thetion, relating to the Dred Scott decision of the 8n-prtme'Court relative to slavery.Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas and Florida de-strife dd beeaaae aaA nota struggle aacbaa tbapreamblemimity engaged in tbe actnal,: 40>nays 230.Tne only ayes were, New-Hampsliire 1, Hassacho-decisions arenever appealed from. And if the Delegates would;pretextthat can be received to this as rriiaars agela 1and Kew^Jersey, praaenttng the Clnclnnatt the vote was finally announced as follows Ayesat toeoftheThe delegations generally went out to consult, andas it is, there is a constant crowd in the area fronting tbtf- platform, wUch so obstructs the reporter's view that nnleis he makes frequent eomplalnto he would soon be entirelyin toat direction.Mr. AiLxv, of Massacbusette, (Bap.,) explained toe...'_orAiata baiat takaa, tte Bntlar Platformwas re- nia 0, Maryland 2K, Missouri a, Kentucky 4. This The Sergeant-at-Arms, Filix HcClcskxt, is from Ushbill.jadalbraTataofaearlytwo-CUrdsBgalnstlt. AjiaaM, aad-fta Hom IS6.money'~'- .1.",' ^^^iIVksB H— laiMay was called, a delegate stated^mt Am Ctmnmtltm apiwlnting them as dogates ibim he voted down without division.kad neaatneaded them to Tote as a nnit.As PiefUent decided that the wad " reeommend-•d » waaeqairalent to an Instruction.The daeisloii of the Chair was appealed from.A aaotlon to ley ttie appeal on the table was lost byAyes 150, Hays V«.ne iiacBtlaa then recnired on sustaining the ap-A TOte by States was demanded, and resulted Inmen. I should beto have any one of them hit me from the shoulder, asNo. I was not here at that time.>.rf*a.ji-the decision.This reeolt U a gain of two To'.es for Oossus in-Kaw-J<ney.Aflcr nearly an hour spent in discussing points of•idCT, and vatlons Parliamentary morementB, to pre- aaitthereachingofthemainquestton,i^as MSithnsrereningcan never be It is not fo peace.promiseTbewas regarded as yielding to the Soutb.The President then announced that the preambleV^at do yon kngrw in rMatfoo to the use ofto influence the paasage of the Kansas and Nebraska aetlnlSSSTV.>f the payment of any nmney to Hr.ap- -r.r',,-with the first resolution is rejected.GovernmentThis apDTOtal should be tbatoe fa^ttliat all the Ennpaanfoie b«en thrown eietBsfralr OB "dM ri tempt of toe Church to overtorow <be' .-'?" •i •aMr. BmnKothlag.Did yon knowtect foreign bom citizens.names are C. W. Campbell, G. W. Clackner. F. Clarke, T. H. Dull, (Maryland,) M. La Trapjpe, (Ten- nessee,) M. Ives, Duncan and Driggs. They are ex-the violent overthrow of -Slavery. On this stihject lie went no step in advance of JxFr—zasoK and otoer Southern slaveholders. It was a lie a falsebeod of toe most malignant and tofamous character, for toe Northern Democrats to say toe Repubiicaas want to•!;»A vote was then taken on theconferences wliichThe Committee evidently intend to prove, if the overthrow Soutoem institutions. Until t)ie hungry heae proposals, must have convinced the EiifUAand first resoln*Pacific Railroad reso-lution, which was adopted, the same States re- and assiduous attention.eaniad am.fusing votes.tovote,and therebeingbuttwenty negativeThe death this morning of Gov. Robirsor, of Ver- mont, produced on me a very great impression. He was our fellow-passenger, a large, weU-made man. sin- gularly kind in his manner to Ms equals, and those younger than himself. His simple, unaffected genuine, ness and open-beartedness made me feel an unusualevidence exists, that Messrs. Cox, Esgusb and Hall were influenced in their votes by corrupt conaidera tions. The Committee is endeavoring to discover the TiHxs' source of information.THE TRANSIT DirFICCLTIES.and ferocious party, which, for aught he itnew, are cutting one another's throats at Charleston, areMr. Cook Rave notice of a motion to reconsider tbis vote, with tbe object of checking California in joining tbe Alabama movement.The remaining resolutions were then voted on suc-crushed out thereprinciple toey are contending, but for the'spoUs.the sameStateslb. Bnma mored to lay the whole subject on (he Arkansas roting but three votes. All of them were has been professionally of great service to me. He Dispatchestable, and proceed to a Tote for President.Cnes ol •' Agreed," " No, no," etc.adopted neatly unanimously, the ayes numbering 272.which the Liberal Government has msnlfeftad,cessively,decliningreceived at the State Departmentwas t^ken with an apc^lectic fit about 6 in the morn- announce that the Nicaraguan Congress has a con-hading,andbeforehe opportunitytosayoneword tractwiththeoldTransitCompanyunderconsidera.Dred Scott decision.Mr. WuiiHBor, of Alabama, contended that the mo- motion to reconsider t!ie resolutions, and proceeded of loving remembrance for friends at home, or o^ tion, and will approve it, with tbe requirement of,legislation wherever it may occur.ilr. Sttakt moved to lay the motion to reconsideron'tbe table, and called the previous question, but.to aplantation, regular builtt^o"*fi^f,Saturday, AprilAn immense gathering of the friends of 8amHebrov^wilk.and we recom- withdrew from the Convention with Alabama.*~--Party areinfaror ofin behalf of that delegation, protesting that the platform adopted is the contravention of thought those fellows deserved and earned theirTennessee and Kentucky and otoer conservativeStates will at once respond to this movement. What aU strongly ioitl^ed, aad tbey can holdshall we hear from toe Union and conservaUve ele- longtime yet ualesa attacked by powerful and w^Mr.'Wa. MouTOSi, of Louisiana, was authorized tovvas harmonious, but we are nowever, separated on principle, if our friends from theFree Stales canrotpublicanst Heconcludedbystatingthattwoofthe delegates declint'l to Join the majority, but that thealter they leave.Gen. SiMHOBS, Chairman of i^outh Carcdina delega-liam County- only Convention soon in thattheyholdof toe andeffectedgreaterlossoflito^ ItIsstate,partof thedelegationState,thatcounty,Partypartedfor-saw of LAFArxris he was standing on his head in thecomer by the table, and SBAsaAca was under the than if bed with his head around the;evident, and was sot on foottion of foreign property.MikAMOB reentered tbe City of Haxiee a« HmMKadontad—VtoViaMM was called, Mr. Ctra. arose and piiaclplaaBiailitaioed by a majority of tlie Conven-control tofled it wlllldepend on the srantees,ijeiiered thstienwiUvitiauttaljr."^*?i?.il2?Sf ^e svs-Japan- tern wlU be done W "^ "'^'a'nd^to ftTST^StiJ Mion tbeof histhey no longer retain their seats in tltis Convention. We have heretofore declared that the DemocraticaUon, read paperin my hataat least fivetoem foraa Convenuon thatand address, telling excitingto raise lU gbgrthat Slate, thepowerfulin less thanahnost impossible...^/-yaKtl<».Mr.BaTAS, of Texas, hadHOWARD. AMONG THE PENNSYLVANIANS.Ditptek to Ike PkUade^kia Prea. Cbabiktob, Sunday, April 29, 1860.theIsaac N.was alsocoafident toat theto return here about the first of May. NototMthis result. After a fewremarks, he presented theA ROW Spteialhavetoe abuse M ad-ca.'ed^ndcioal questtoDs ef hrisiaat are bow agatoto^ mMt^ijoinus in fighting the Black Ke-ult, and toe position of tbe Cbineh foroaa ^ 1--ifi^asunit, no one has power to cast the vote of the Statemajority contends,and I asked them sevet:ilat>out their I hadcitizen as the matt for the and toe name of a cooj- is before the people, on a platformnow whatciamie^to toen,—namely, tbe Una oflargecttiesto th« centre of tbe from Orizaba toofthe StateConvention,•ment of our sister Louisianasponse.read whole delegation, andw«««" there wasnoperad-replaces hba,Mr. OcAiao aooctheany others to cast the vote of Floridaservants and field-hands, seem at- greatlyisNiagara expectedregret.to be ready for McKzab has been or-would all pass toe Legislature—that t-ieyprotest persistenceoeyJg .i3 ^ jattaHea refusbigMr. EarAaAB<<«<««(, iaof Texas, declarisg that a in theprerent: """aln"d^"!that *t,oehe*^aad Vera Cwabas eeased terior, preeeat —/'ftgaj*^-''vetsd M«kCiadaaaUnallaaiK atCcxplained at the North ami Hr-Bvawwa, of Arkansas, in behalf of the delega- Pennsylvania delegation yesterday, which will, laid's Hotel forwith long protestdissolve the Union.tloa ban Us Siata, tta. entered a protest that they doubtless, excite great Indignation in yonr State.W]LcooM not eoas«il|tttJ^hMacommon law upon those"temptI've beenj 21, 1860. )hiscampapand announced that he had a formed us that his Massa was at yer house yonder.the last election, they presented his name to the con- servativemassestliroughouttoeUnionasacandidate'on commencing his retreat could not have tisaa esarNEW-TOKK, TBESUAT MAT 1, 1880.^Mldelegates, who protest Oat no one else shall cast tbe vote of the State tn tbe -Canventton.Tbe Oeorgia dclagatloii asked leave to retire andB. Waiaa* xul flta vote of Feaasylyanla for the aii-nylty Mpolntloaa te^aecordanee with the senUmeats ef the D«i«o(»aM»fywir State, be was told by Sen- Mor Bauaa, of JMawaie, that be (Mr. Waioas) was iaainictac la vote wtth the SoathetnW aanid pUad to by Cspt Dcrom, wb«> baWraS ji£qreaettamentonthefloortomakeapenboalexplana-Platform is adopted, mored that the balanoe of the tioa,bnt was ordered by tbe President to taka Us be eaneat^as t»e Penasylranla dslegatton. a: aHr. of Hassaabtiaeti Auav,.^-6M^iitqk*t«raaolnlions be laid on the table.Mr. Gmniaa, of Maryland, rose to kaow whetherseatMr. Msaaiox, of nilnois, addressed the ConventionIMCommttlaaisnul that such Instrnciioas badnet bim.he had been ruled out of order simply because he asseiUng that the Chairmen of some of these delega, been givap, M-be had leenAiam. Mr. WaisHrtben tttt sad slave labor.came from a Slave State."'wlthdreifbaiB Iba CommlfMa to asesrtaia the test On bis wsw to Ibe steamer Snsinu Stoic he But Bon. Joa> k'DAWsoB, Senator Bnua, and Cotleo^r Baxbs. Si«|asi taandea him a paper, porponing toAt tbe request of Mr. Rosssu,, of Virginia, Hr. Man be tettrucSSBS Kom the Pennsylvania deiegaUoo,aiox tempoiarlly withdrew the motion to enable bimHans weresulting thehr delsgattons.adjourament to eaable them ta do so properly.imoaujjiaoDS itbms. Seuor BxamAm Is not a littleparade made fai tbe HsrsU of this moiwithdrewingnewthe palate of !he vegetarian.A notice has beenvention will be held at Wheeling, for the purpose ofa set oftheir SUtes witbont e«a- He therefore proposed anTbe Chair stated that he had• Aik^wu and Florida, em. called the gentleman to order, except when he was Mr. RcssxLL thea spoke fta Tirginia, expraaaiac been no mdeltn of Ibe ddeaatbm, and of course no fjffaint, and has aeither an ottocke ora* aWi.ka«ad awi Xr.Bnwan raised the point of order, that a motion now wilbdnwa, and vre refuse to fsttar (kit Stata year readett aoasldar tbaiBsBaM aMiat y—iiier interest tbe auaaaoemsad ef thelb fhaITtoofUarchonly,andgreat'aaxletyWaa(allto lean toe action wlto reference to ^tbe He^HB Tnaty,if any had been had since toe appaiaat h«^ dew> of the Republicans to their course on tbe Htak-CBASLasToa, S. C, Thursday, April 2S, I860. Beally it must seem strange to you, when, on the night of tbe third day's session, I begin my letter Why i^ is soIsbeyondmycompiehenslon,batthefactispatentcontest howevn, Q.Ucan, that should throw tbeir infla _who are seelttog to reSstabUab-fta reign eftlonal order, or -bid toe popoiail^ elatlad ssdl bigsHf constltated antooriUes stoy their hand aad saaka terms wito toose wbo areshut off from sbelngf ':^*--. '-'"alwaysTra^e has beentried,and theresulthasproventhe11 country is relapsing toto a state of baibsstnk toiealliatsonly aid him, all would go smoothly__stote of'^abln ta diahis prompt and satisfactory, aaddemoralizedbut it ishearing.New-Tork City. He was formerly Deputy Sergaant-at-Aims at the Capit«d, and I beUeve yet fills that sta-tion. He li aad serviceable, and dis- very promptto be accommodating to all.His deputies are nearly all from New-York, aad CoXrOlOhioTtry sympatoyproval of toe American pnblic aad of tba-AsHSlaattfbalance of the idat-demanded aThe vote was then taken on the resolution to pro- I should undoubtedly be laid up for a year. Their No. I bave been in politics thirty years, and neverHr. SnwAST,ofvote cm each resolution.all good Tammanyvery Igalh- -»--.ii-<^1»!proposed thatihfposedMichigan,separateMississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Florida and Ala- bama declined a vote, and the resolution was adopted unanimously.Do you know that any money was paid to any member from Ohio to secure tbe passage of tbat bill ?»- I i::.ceedinglyman, dence inopen,says.exhibited durtog toeMinister that a truce would be hollow, aad aeas-only dangerous. The bmtal and oflbasisv course of Mibabob to bis conduct of the stege, ia f^» wairton and useless destmctlon of property, aaoeb of which belonged to British subjeda, caaaot haSsJs» tend to open toe eyes of the Englisb GovaiaaMttauseful in keeping the aisles and avenues and aid the reporters a great .deal by their kinddidlate propoailioas efThe preteasionB of the Church Govemmeat aato and interest inblm,and frequently,sinceourarrival,he vote,platform with two faces—the Cincinnati Platform toeinherentnalnreofthetwopartieshere,parOedHlTwhen contrasted wlto toe uniform good caodoctover the Stole of Congress has the right to protect the property of tains, ate among the principal dishes wliich dail. annouccir-g that on the 2d of May a Republican Con-whomunication from that delegation to make to the Con- Having met the gentleman, accepted ills invita- do not like the estebllshment of an enemy's incom-vention. He then proceeded to read a statement and tion to walk tlyougli the quarters. The quarters con-tion,rose,are decidedlywe part, opposedto this iimovation. cairiptheir reasons for from sisted of a long line of disconnected houses, extend- withdrawingtheir very midst and especially so soon after theprotest, givingThe qucsttowWBS tiien taken on adopting Me nun- the Convention. He also read a resolution declaring ing on either side of a kii.d of street. Entering one miiitery display of Jobs Bsowh and Ex-Gov. Wos.ventioD.The delegation rose to depart, when Mr, Babsy, ofwas about five feet and four inches and high,want of prestige.not been intercepted by toe Cnited Stalaa, aa«r;girlweighedfirm and hard, and the palms of her hands were like several ger.tleiuea wlto are determined to beIyam weighingThe next house was occupied by the nurse, or wo-in theplace. now too advanced to work to ad- vantage, had ten little chiidren, ranging from sixj^ ^^. ^„ exhseMiWMajsjK -, ,cotton-field,weeks up to eight years old, under her care.the country it is t.h.a-t— whic"h tbey mayPublicthe separation ofgiratraiity.sternly>vound Med toman oa an un- After the Cooventioa dae taeommit theit is rumored, has (aflad MJp|ft a>t of ibe Wew Minuter of '1• "»"«•».tf^I of "Order."Iks last kaU.}ag%# VJ JlUacfct wasspant In onadttatftfm, nd aiDiMril tke apiaien that the wk^ questton ^ tk» PiUtum to tb« dManittea rtyle. WbUs otbar hovse* hnataddojis fta Qvr-f't"^-paiao,adverse to of families that such an occurrence is The darkies, so far as I have seen,Whether that is anything in favor of thepounds.Untitled Documenttermal awrngbald on that (Bstoiday) morning, halspeech, i» day, an tbe poslttoB of psgttoa, HMMab b*refused toAsmbsr asember of tbe certainlyreviewed with great power tbe lelatlTe aMtfhawafwUch dlTMlMlliiB to vote for {hecasual introductionhe had to Hon. Ansoa BoaubsiTaaa CMS, ABMr, «•« Ui li% The departure to-day of the Cnited glataa emit Js<rs affords th« tMt spportonlty atoee hafllyjJL te ef dlspauhtog earrespoadsDce to tbe UaMal MlkikDemocratic Party. The wholeeempletely overshadowed by the news from Snglandof HxuAB's vieloiy.FROM WASHINGTON.Senate adjourned._Hi. Wade JniUlei hit Iidoii«inent of thi lelperBaok.A PI.ATFOBX WITH TWO SIDES.Special Dispatah to the Kew-7ork Times. WAsaneroic, Honday, ApiU 3D, iSBO.on the State of the Union.Mr. Hooks, of Alabama, (Deot.,) opposed the Tariffbill. The Republicans seized on tlie payment of the public debt, which was comparatirely small, as a;moralized and relapsing into a state of baibailaB.c- -^^ ''^^%-was calledCovode Committee, Ois morning, to know what evi-ofGot' Hkdakt, Kansas,before thecotmtry duitog the present struggle, Ibat its baaiaial,<^beard of mone>^"being used in elections until wltnin the last few years.Gov. MxnAaT is a very venerable looking and can-and tbe Committee must bave entire confi-what hecnpied to seeking to brtog alioat a mutoal'ilce.•--; -i-1^ ^•^feituie of a pledge to be deposited in casli.ernment sanctionsthepropositionfortoat TheNorth will wool tneSouth,and toe Soutoto agitate the in and out of Congress, and they way to a gentleman from Alabama, who moved, afirr and it is believed that the tiansit difficulties are about will wool the North, and boto vrill go in to whip tlje evidently wanton and malicious on the part of Mna-subjectbad kept the agreement. Ue was ready to yieldmoneyorpropertyforpeaceandharmony,batcould never consent to yield his honor, as was demanded of him by the South.a brief that the Convention adjourn and attend speech,the removal of his bod; from the hotel to the steamer The resolution prevailed.Green peas, strawberries, tomatoes, hominy, riceRepublicans if toey can. Who cares for platforms? Did any party ever stand by tocm! It is merely a scramble for toe spoils.The Ccmmiltee rose. Adjourned.Annfrcraary of tbe Baicle of Saa Jactato. Correapondence t/ the Neu-OrUani Pieaytau.for it effected no object in his siege. It called out an energetic protest from Capt Aldbam, to the aaaaa of herMajestr'B Government a copy of wiiieb Ila close herewltii. ^.Asyou wen advised by tbe (Test «B tbeSUaMi, HoAHOB abandoned tbe siege oa tba Slat, hi«hag»bis maidt wtib tba nHBMtaCto be definitely settled,maPRoroSKD KiprnLrcAN c^stkntion ihTIKGIKLA.bob.some two hundred i)0und8. Her arms were course, mucli bimconib abtml this, lur 1 knowSlate. .\11 of them are old settiers, who liave seenmembers of the•TBTBITSRAT OP M^mr.Bayard proposi-tten. Mr.Wpiaacy^nadtoraeotnlaepretaodadla- at the Cepltol a few He Ising passioaTigi^aUeda majority of the delegation are not now folly prepar-ed to act He, therefore, aSked leave to retire for through shdotlPk to eaat his veto ta tba CiMi—lW « tbe HttioanOuU Man Steamer MU, but 111 judgil _ ^_ ^ , ^. _._....,.„.Keatneky is also consulting.moved toand tbe Convention ad- delegation, of tbe alleged ebaraeter, on tiie sabject,but tbat Dawbob, Bioua and Baxaa had pie- sacreltypared a paper, and bv false representations haa in- duced a numtrer of delegates to sign it, some of whom now deeply regret tbat they appaoded tolttaeirdg- natures.'When this fraudulent sdieme Adled, violent at- tempts were made to wrench tbe Jiiiiwiiliiil written instractlons fiesn Mr. WaiaBi's bnid, and to destooyadopted,after a continuous seasljn ot eight30,Caotraaaaa asatlha afpaaral ef (h* r«Ma ^M««fit, hot hefortaaateiy rstained It In bis here in the future.'licaa organs, to'givtog enireney to the alatolmHiac,, tt\ S/'Frosa AnodurOur latest news from Charlestonbe saidnever saw made by any dentist in our pan of the heart of the slave power of tbat State, Prince Wil- toe Mexican Government. A future meeting is to be test toe feeling tohorn. She showed us her teeth, and such a set 1present and participate,whose homes are in the;h ba never have conquered the place, ^tlioag'*^^ •-»-»coon.at our presence, they slid out of sight, and the next I{leeping post. The girl upset Lafavitts with ner foot, and threw ayam at Shadeacs. Tnis brought them to theiri.«and sotheir confidence foot hampered byon,until 1 flattered:Party canTbere is a rumor that the Democrats in tlie Senateservative statesmanas old ai toe Constitution and broad as toe Union.RepobUc, runaiag Goadalajare,—andtbeyboldnotliingmore. Theseato the of and string leg ray chair,repelled,IBK COVODI COJISIITTKl-aref ^^Being somewhatas Vice-Presidents. More of feel- ever, toat toe English men-of-war wooU bil*« baule, unanimity ~questions myselfoccupytoey acquired bymlj^taiyftomma.may be broken up in a rowtog, or greater enthusiasm have riever beenproposeappropriate moneytopaythesuppUedfbroes. Itisnowtoeobjecttills, butare toto nominate dele-come timeso that the cry of the sectionalism of the Republicanbeand toeUnion Texas has been called uponfttatt Constitudonal Goyemmast ia lamaxy, 18M. Tharsome of theLikeleadersConventions will be held in Missouri andtoetoename distinguished crisis. She bas responded,days they wilsee a united South acting in concert [Deafening ap- before us.presenliLg a very singular and novel appear' ernment. The witoesses have, many of them, been franohiees have been obtatoed, and to toe proposed from torunited states under the Troaw. Btt(ls«<»^^come whening notice thai all who sympathiseddelegates coul J meet them at St. Andrew's Hail to-. 1 JSci$.youwill want us. He concalded by giv.shouldbeused. Ihavesons to a position to know how far toe legal opposi-sixtycameiiigbt, and their teeth were as wliite as tne Northern Light.We spent something like an hour wandering through the bouses, the fields and the various oothouses, learning much and being greatly entertained. Thereseems to luie iun*>aaato»_ _7_; „;iJi.M^--»*^'.'..^j, ,with theretiringnuroo'e of the» M ba- City of HaztoOk.Atthecalloi tbeproprietortheytumblingouttive tothemeansbywhichtoe ofnew grantsonlyhopetoem.ttoie onlysum by provided;•—enablethemtotolantf te th*The informed us he had never sold but one gentlemanservant, and bis sale was in consequence of great mora] depravity.positively iniormed, I am coafident tbat the schemesbave tousI was assured, months ago, by a gentleman con- versant Wito projects of this class, that toese grantswhich'would hen at tint ctoae Gen- Dxoollaso left«»vpaid,and^thewould, therefore,fallupon thatofthe witoesses before Senator Masox's in- vestigating Comodttee, and alto by defeating soma ofofhavingbeenthe 12th of"° railways would withoutDsaoiiABO aa te asseadered tolias been appointed executive officer. She passes round the Horn, and will await at Panvsa toe ntna of the Japanese embassy, and convey it boae.possassloo,Our Gov- the security,to theI'll tell all about It. .\s we drove the vention. It bids fair to be quite a respectable gather- UocsTott, toe hero of San Jacinto, was iteid at toe bat- estimate— 4,000 loci by the fire atsartin,sure.And,information,sneh a small attendance he was business.torapoaed doii« Gorermnent and to sfltotitate to its place a/»t^dtototoiahip, it is not the United Statae, aad iialaMj is when the Senate adjourn it be till' Wednesday nex. not toe party toere claiming to be tlieCarried.Ob motion of Hr. Gbbbb, of MlqMuri, (Dem.,) tbeas dencehehadwithregardtothepassageoftheEng- destmctlvetotoecommercial,agriculturalandman-Hr. Jobbbob, of Arkansas, (Dem.,) moved thatThe into Honsewen^Committeeof the Wholesalf-govanmaat; ttat tbeyaretoastateofanarohy thattbe Mto mcrease toe duties.Moreover, Free;action of the Democraticn&cturtog interests ef the country as well as snb- should enlist toe aad eaoasaad tbareviewed thePartyveistve of great poUttsal itghta. He Institotod com- parisons from wsU anttientlfated statlaties tietween the resouroes and produetions of the Free and Slave Stotes, and treated the threats at adisaolotion of toeUnion as imaginary.Mr. Wabi, of Ohio. (Rep.,) justified hislndorsement of the Helper book, condenmtog, however, ite harshcertainly so, as Air as numbers are concerned. tle-ground to-day, toe 24to aunlversary of that event the town in killed and wounded some 300, aad by de. ana to behalf of the overwhelming majority thatgateway, at tbe end of a lane leading to the house, ingMr. Walxik, Chairman of the Alabama Delega. an aged colored individual touched his hat and in- But the chivalric gentlemen of that State, for the mast placeo him in toe Gubernatorial chair of tola State at sertion a very large numtior, so toat his total fare*gave way to:Captese, and Ibe whole is to be fitted op bg *tr*MBg to Dtomote improvements, loj»^ja»_^^^TMaecoiamodatlon of the> •*>«#.. i,.a^ "wi"^ifor theResolutions » ere pastetl condemning sectionalism,and the devotion of tiic people of this State afiiriaingto tbe Constitution and the Union.An electoral ticket fortoe ^laie was named as fol-CoK M. T. Jou^so^, ol Tarriiiii t;oaiiiy, and Hon. Ceo. W. i'Miru, of J^iper, as u^eclors 'or toeHon- Jssse Gbimes, for ths IVVestern, and Col. Sam. Booart, for tlie Eastern Congressional1,700 men. Noupon his rearmoney—nor were aity ot the Liberal forces ap toe !•- ferior to a position to attack lilm. So he ratmnad as he came, entirely unmolested—marohod up tbe hill,Presidency,and retard his of flight ftomjarabt;ccnstani pubUc service for the last twenty years,very while some of them filled public trusts here under notbut at stated by Capt Albuaji to bla|»<will not fall, from the difflcultiea tbatof last^a Tamplco, on liU way to resume tba <chief to toe totertor, where he hopes to <to a successful issue toe mevaaients above at*but will relatively small beearried through, as toeywUlitbth3i. themselves bypie ^yi^euwtm«ntofh sslsslmatters win:also conversed wlto per-"^^^^^.^^fggSR.beingThe English Government howevnr, baa gataalbraa expressions.. He never advocated or countenanaed to w^iraw any support of that Ubdi anfl now IsMr. CoKTis,'of Iowa, (Rep.,) remarked that lie un- derstood the Charleston Convention had just made awith toeMr. FLosiNCi,of Pennisylvania, (Dem.,) wanted toknow whetoer that information was for the Republi-can or toe Democratic side of. the House.Mr CuatiB repjed, for toe country generally.Mr, Wads replied, that to use a Western phrasethe Democrats have come out of toe hole toey went! scrupulously regardtog the rights and property of foreigners, and protecttog toem from tojury ooder aB circumstences. The destruction of property daring toe late (lege bas been immense—even mora, it to said, than during to«Ameiican,bombardmeatianda« this has fallen largely opm British subjects, aad waaragoan Treaty. The anxiety had also bacoaa Is-Itis tree a state of dvB war Is notterlal development, and a large portioaof (ba e«B-wUcb sboaUat such heavy cost by tba Ubesal Fai^«(.iM*«HVr' •objectMill liii nil milprtitcipU, riiiiii,prinelpteis one ofasiiil Ills iiisiiiliisaaiis af irtMbilmise, as is shown by theJoHH RuBBXLL, torough Capt Alobah. forlowest some.say ;iheand withis no better cfl' tJuin before, but toe worse from foitbsc«^^?7Vera Cruz was sneb that be eoolthasmuch as it been since tbe odtbt^ikProbably unless somela' aflforjed from abroad.l^klKJIi,^.-, e«^|^||^^ooaaliy 4^. ^T^y-jJMgi'a^ mmThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com"-iHM''Mnifri'ii 