 1- i ?•j^k/m•m.New-England,were brought very distinctly to the notice of " The Court is unanimous inthe House t*^T.Claims to reported;andauthorities cited, is a ministerial purelyfw*!* VattKif. ^MiiBg tk« CitytooB* addnMte FtTlSot-ftyiB (Waeiar>-Tw«!• we•«<»** VWUTI D«UU«full and expUoIt «xpoa«» of Ow manner in have l>een a mere fiirmal le-afflrmanoe of Us WiMrie on tlMT State of tbe Union. SUteTmuM*1W6|mmiBTattoMlCoat- 'whichMr. Yaxommbim DebaM habitoaltydealtwith finaljodgment.Thecaaewasieadiedonthe6th withinthetuleaofacder,aadatrioUyoonfiaedIli» Tuimia. -frqects of private gain at na- the public, and of the gteeral principles on of April, when it waa treated by Mr. Hal«, of to tbe pending builDfln, waa, peHutpa, coveted mi KhSSMtional ei^eiiae, disgoisfed under the name of which be had conducted hia bnaineaa from the New Hampshire, as a ease of first Impreealon, by the rule urged by C«J/Cbaiqc, and aocfa waaStal« are to mani- day of its small begiimlngs to the preseaitioie. and be again called for the reading of the re- the extreme limit of the restriotlon. Buttenaafe duties, beginnlBg The Pott very promptly announced Oiat Mr. featlMrtnieofaaiaotetiatiaa. The projectorAfiUnOK BILL DUB.r—LesBTTA—OnsATia2tBn^ TBXAtBS-rOos Jtfinn ClOXMTsimilar eonient,''penBlttiag aaotber aasooiatiott offavored IsdiridBals to impoa^ local datiissto pass Tcsligated theXr. priatlaaWliiimlMitlM ha'•-'-'- jgMMraittfle^.HepoblloaaTODOt WATBOtre 10 BB BOSaMHik'X I-U-Lc/.-.being rapidly dlspossd of. Tke tMHasay «-»-^ balready volumlnnis, aadJudge WAnooa airttrlpalai It, aai liTn&TBC—F*4A-sax-TA»-rf'ov>to^eakonhis behalfIhsteadofthatpf Claims" NotonlyItad itgot thnosh"AND TOUBTH-ATWrUB— lAUJOWU XxaAoaBii,R—eaesoa CBmiaxT's KnrsT«ai.9. KEBT—Ho. 316—Vbiilocx'8 Fui OauiitConKressioaalaaClahns.ly, and said that Mr. Hale had failed to state4rttairAfaiis«.imifW*^ or DESIttK-KxHiBixiiw or FAmmassent shall beprocuredfor tha next seaskn ofOOVODI 001001X0 ^SAST TO The Covode Coaodttee wffl ba le^y«aMB^W,S4U<VKT—Ho.duced in writing, not exposed to theSenate,tit jtH a.NEWS OF THE DAY.for It either toassent. But this is now seen to be trouble-"what he called the real truth of the case in athe papers of Wednesday. HisALBERT W.HICKS.open aa loBg aaAaarvAL of how. cav» jorxsov.Whave been a member of thebut it nowpirtlcalirsofai. Bbaabitai—KxaiBi-passagebythe Stat«LegisUtures.I would him tbe giveDtUusthia mode ofupon his basi-being printeddoenmentaCoiionn—public opinion, for the manner In which he haaconducted thoee in wU«di he great enterpriaeeandtoiaduoA somemeans Court or.aAer, got throt^-tkfpoitqca. Ibe diplomatic corps had suspended allwiallaysrithMritAHOa'gGoven-ment. Hikamo.viiiiaHlr-WBS near Gueretano, surrounded by Uea- ment, exceeding 820,000 tons. At the rate OA'a tioopa, without prospect of escape. There proposed by the Hell-Gate bill, of one cent, waa a rnmoT that bis vanguard bad beea per ton, this would have yielded $8,200 peromt^rown.tbe Xexieanturn home.Otty of Mexico, had failed, causing much distress throughout the country. The late French Minis- ter had lost all heIn theClaims,andonthe13thofFebruaryMr.Baon- shouldnotbewasted,bywastingtwo Thesubjectwaspresentedatthemeetingof daysHEAi', of tliat Committee, reported it back with of its time. It has grown, as the worid too Uie Board on Wednesday, bnt the membersIn case of the rejection ofThursdayvindicatingthetoperformamerely ministerial act to aof a list of titles and orders con- ' fened by the Brazilian Emperor on certain of the - dliSHis of Pemambuco—among others. President VnOM. received a baronetcy. Work was progress- .bg &Tonbly on the Dom Pedro II. Bailnay. Dr.^ Bamr had effected an arrangement with the Bkadllan Government, by which he was to esta- _ bllA a Une of ferry-boats in tbe harbor of Rio Ja- neiro. Tbecropofsugarwas very light, and pricesMr. Broobead's in the reportwordsthat the which seldom have a'liytbaieceptiaafollowingopinion:tbe imder consideration. These topic.largerspeeches,.nOedUgb.X|>A»BdttaMMCanT«Dtionof the 18th inat.,tlw Httiaakl Oemocratie Gonventioa of AlabamawlB«Md^£dLdelMatioii. Tbeseceders of thatMnitt dpey wM aend delegates to Bichmood and]f0Mie. TheNationalDemocraticConventionOtuigia haa reaffirmed the Cincinnati Plat-—ma; deelariBC tiiet property exists in slaves, and* tbe iMd Scott dedsion. also nom- f^mbf They'"^Mlai a fiiQ delegatton to Baltimore.Bible.postponed. The bill was not reached again till genUemen are prompted by political commit- Trustees directed their teachers not to do so. A private dispatch states that tpe Democrats of Smtbe 15th of April, when Mr. SLinsLL disposed tees outside to make and utter set speeches, Each body wielded the formidable power in its Second Congrestlocal District of tnrii.^^ hava muml'';;VW<BKaAje BtUs^Iw aays, is opposed to dlsorgan- passing through the mouth of the Mississippi '^ixeta (Dd <W«nntn».>«f., and will stand by the Union a monopoly which the Chamber of Commerce•adCocatStntkB, ihMpective of any new lights,transparent, indeed, absurdity, appointinex.t in couiecJon with ihe developcieat of self made the. report, stating that tbe opinion some of the more wise and modest of this contest of passion straggling for power. direct trade between Germany and the tohacee aadof the Court was unanimous, suggested that refiise to visit the vacant House with The Trustees have now carried the matter cotton States of this country, Mr. Batme 1 " it would add to the better of their themselves with to its natural result. They have swept the prominently identified with this coouaaRialWard of those teachers whose religious faith prise. ySundry penona here, having Inteiaatad tb—stives»>iof JMBtmating the Governor ofproject equallycampaign documents,EsausH,whodeclinesbeing a caadi-- iifcw uwwHwjwentovertotbe14thofMay,whentheopin-ion of the Court was read for the second time, modity, the time of the House, is drawn upon refused obedience to ita orders, and the Trus- dhte for renomiBatlon.at tbe request of Mr. Stcabt. When tiie to initiate "the circulation of these missives. So tees dismissed those who did obey. Tbe CBAXLas Y. BAvLoa has been aomlaated by the reading was 'finished, Mr. Polk, who had him- is the that teachers were thus made the innocent victims President to t^e Senate as Consul to CoiOfae. This^w-gwBP^ltC'terik place at| Concord yesterday, audaciouB of granting to a private company—X^mSMtKHe^^lkafT and dvie display. The Go- the right to levy ten cents per ton on vessels-eaMMMMrfal eaaaae was eminently conservative. —eectlonal or cliquea,characterize,printedparty platfonns.understanding the case if the dissentient opinion of Judgewisdom, contentingIn the Court ofofT. hjfore Becotder BnaAXA, Wm. H. Bimtpleaded anllte to an asaault on Chsutophib Lir- opoiation of the Northern cities in resistingQaiianl SesAions yester-anBlackford were also read." Mr. Polk being ing of the unuttered speech in the official is not to their liking. Tbe Board of Edu- in the spiritual welfare of tbe Japanese, fliey haivIn answer to their circular, asking the co- i^,wiia« dangerous weapon, with intent to do this hefitrious scheme of plunder, our Chamberobtaining set right liy a reference to his own report, Mr. record.imprimatur, authorizingtheprint-. Mduyharm..BilxtfiredatLukanwithoutprov-cation looks timidly on, not daring even to formally dacUned all religtons oommunicatlans, oaw»*ni-Li' '-^CBjg!J^_5k-T"?WT^s5!' '^»'»TM»a;'t^,a,mUnmlHtmwKaD»u»aa.Aug HonseoflUSpreaentatiTeB,andwillhardlymeettolength ehastiaeiistainly,preaimiethe'•ticablethe timeoftheHouae,"aadanch_jmfCai*(TXtocaqraraMr*«»•«•*^M»MMft elakntn. SyadmeD be closely fi)llowed np by Senator Slidsll's prise,ny effectualproposition, now pending in tiiat body, con-who waafits upon the country at large. The Post was attainment of aWBB anttnllpa- LOAIDWajTll robUdwl am t^ePnbliriMn Kiv-ffiifcJtaWyHKAT«»-r4ttWg,A»»Beirrt.ClBMKtM^^r '^^HViMfM^innrainf-ABaiaooe-Osiium Turu.'AT—Taw. Jmou' Maqical Kkiw- hibita any State from imposing tonnage dutiestcttAout Me atsent of Congress—from which inquiry.judgmenttheypolitical oratory and Congressional stump*Ha 4mnoasentingyears to a private oiHupany of the Pass ^ rOatre, the most important outlet of the Mis-which sung the same strain and were horror-striokeR at the thought of attacking theThe only question now;The Conaiitation of the United States pro- supposedState legiaiatiues.aeenu to be the wder of proceeding. poblic,— ^ithad "gotthroughPaitylaapraal«r«afM_.i converso it is claimed, that such duties may properly be imposed with that assent.The then for the interesting questionState and national, to decide,Commoa Pleas. Common Council of New-Tork City were Invested with a juris- diction to examine and decide all claims that should be made against its Treasniy, on the showing and the testimony of the parties, pro- ofsifUngiltiaa are lato the Senate as to the Court of BtraU, THtwu, and Tmaa of Wcdnesdar, Is a bbrl. In oonsUeratton of Waxaooa' eaaa, aadof the billsHeretofore, it has been thought decent andjf$tial. '.'a^(|%.*^'^ '"'t at Chicago. The main hall the details of their plans and affording some ate oi tbe United Statiss, under theof,has recently been introduced at Washing-I were made b; Itesara. Wm. H. Evarts ton, giving the assent of Congress blindfold, responsibilitythere isas It is diffuseda more diluteda It;in which he con.by him to his coua. ntpean malls. Moatet fliefagain it went over toreealvlofhaaay <«]wUA' pioTOked much discussion, that theflpwata a^oiBn at ooon on the 18th Inst. The.AMfon jrom Penoaylrania objected, because» ~State Commtttea(Antl-Doa^aa).wrIt was to avoid this very consequence, that the National Constitution was adopted, and it may safely be asserted that no one act could do more to denationalize thewealludedtheotherdaytothecaseofMr. theSenatewasconcerned,thecaseofUnitedactioa ontheAaM OkUfiMma obiected because«eaMi en the Fadfie Bailroad bilL Hr. Bislr mrwrirl to aabetitnte June 27 for June 18. The MMoHon waa adopted without amendment—oftheSenate Ericssonwasres liberately approvedand ifamlcraa to listen to thedifferent Joanoa is locAliig attar aoaie oanitagnt Maiaa^ at conversationa, without any injunctionpenona.libo, at they c(^d not get near thsgress. , mittees of our Common Council, we see nosug-turn of Mr. Mallort, who, he took believed,Wgautiad a meting ontaide. Hr. B. H. billThe verses which wefessed that he was one of the murderous crewOABIBALDI AVD tTALIAa AfTAIBS.only, G. W, Cmtis, H. Greeley^Wm H. and In advance, and without any limitation, number of Individuals. We have noorer the meeting, principaljLegislatiu-e —JWaided7j0r CaUibnda, Qen. B. F.Bruce condition orsome interest inthe 4th of May. Then, for the fourth time, of the Saladin, wereThe State Departoentis InpiUy to affairs la Italy, with Buiepaaaa w. Kye. Tin nieeclies were all J aH aoknowledged to haring beenqualificationrate,"laid over to enable Mr. Mallort or Mr. HalescarcelyexpectedpersonthereOD. Mr, FAouna Intbnatai backed la all Us movements by fraachrraeelTedtbe nomination, bnt all of themwere the bill was passed over. Mr. Hale had already made his speechgreatthe nomina- i% hfaaHj anpport. Beaolutions indoiaingpassed pretended, improving navigable general laws for administering the rehitions—and posed to it ;"they^^. ladftanaioatiantogrretoreal orof theMKnil Hjjiuv, wete pasaed unanimously, waters of the United States within theirtariff, andthe theywith a »iew to prevent one or twolom speaking, thai it was not in order toand also to considerproposed scheme of State tonnage duties. They have proceeded diligently and accuratelystand that Mr. Rvncers hasmonopoly of Mr. Hicks, or that he can properly farm out the privilege of visiting liim, and makingamarketofhisconfessions. Atall events it is scarcely worth while for Hicks to,bunal for the disposition of such casesandbyspecialQ.the House in the absence of aThe Bepublicans were equally resolute that theirwe have since examined theand legislative history of another case whichdignity membersSenators wintedreporthadde- of the could reconsider the Court'sGovernment, and,.V. K..W'ju«i desired to take up the bill so to speak, to disintegrate the Union, tlianthe allegeddebt contractedoorduring;preparing29 toas to aay otl^r particular,that a especialiration or, laarac&tad becanse Senator Siwaxd which any State Legislature may pass for im- generosity or liberality. It has exhausted itsport !Iunderstand,"said,thb bill wasthe form in the Chamber of Commerce of thisquestionsand it should have been referred to a judicial tribunal to determine them. Wecitedthis case without regard to ito merite, but with ref- erence to the mode of its andcation. We suggested some considerations tending to show the utter imfitneas of this tri-history of this case, and the remarks of Sena-to make faUlsg goodIndians,hispiomiscs.ar praseatala ifee-OT^IAtt occiroying the rest of the day, without the Chambers of Commerce of New-Orleans ^aclHao being had. The House continued the pro- and St. Louis. A Committee of the New-Yorkpresentation,tbe tribunal which had undertaken its adjudi-of tbe Senate, is a tribimal not entiUed to be policy of excluding Reporters from the cell of toA COTTOV COSSin. TO COLOOHX.C. G. Bailob has bean nomiaatad ior naw CaaarieMdbg^ a report of which was left incompletefa avcbtest Mition of yesterday morning. The Chamber was raised in April to remonstrate SMMnata biaisted upon the point taken by llr. against the Hell-Gate project, then pending attreated with thethe Senate, by its own confirmation of it, can- not give to one of their decisions the force orCologne thronghBepub- Albany,generally thelaw acontradict himself more than twice a dayless make an efficient officer.quorum.men should have a hearing, and eventually Hr. to collect tlie necessary statistics as to thedocumentaryIFrom ths Associated Presa. Wasbibstok, Thursday, Jitae r.The report made by Senaior Bataso, from the 'Jttdleiuy Committee, to-day asooaqianTlag fhe btUfor the ezecoUon of thstl^CAji, of New-York, succeeded in addressingtM'Kwie. A fraitleas effort was then made tod^iiUer Ike IDasonri contested seat, bnt, after a«h4*t diaciianm between Messrs. Hbsbmas and Samuel B. RrccLEs, from that Committer, re- TAUAKDteflAJi, of Ohio, on Hr. Craioe's point ofisMr. Hath Salomon, and to this case we now propose briefly to refer.Congress.commerce toAt the meeting ofthe Chamber yesterday, Mr.equallyat 11| o'clock, until ported that the number of vessels passing Hell Gate during the month of May last was —On the 5th of February, 1867, the Court of does, stray gleams of common sense andsuch purpose Is tbe execution of process, aad aatheadjournedTte Mexican news to the 30th ult is of unim- 5,523, which, at an average of 150 tons eachthe to John Ericsson the sum of $13,930, in full for thepublic spirit, so imhappy is its way of exhibit-«i'4*V,Congress Treasiuya/ bill todirecting payact, aad aav bealow estimatemonthlymove-appear.SUnister McLank would re- month, or 198,400 yearly. As the proposedfli&dpeiaoa, <Treaty,Messrs. Jkckbk & Co., Bankers at theexpenditure for deepening Hell Gate would hardly have exceeded half a million, the plan if carried out would have yielded the pro- jectors a yearly surplus over legal interest o* at least thousand dollars todadof A|ril 20^ meotiona tbe death of the Ameri- by can'Oeoaal, CoL W. W. Stapp. He was attacked incessant growth of the vast commerce of^^Ul^cBow tovei on tbe 8th of April, and was JhalMOn the IStfa. Great excitement was createdTheed that the process Issued by tbe 8ergeantat-iby its President, should be served by d^a^. ThaTheir liabilities are stated at (4,400,000, and their assets at $7,-a recommendation that it should pass. It was thoroughly knows, into a habit for members, took good care not to act upon it in any shape. hill is based on this and principle,poeseased.grows out of tiw SAssoaa aad Joaa4MQ,a00. They aak an extension of $ve years.hope whatinfluencing and who^nnsoceessfnl BaowB, Jr.begin with, Qui Fcniambaco conespondent, writing under not to mention its constant increase thesixtyofspecial purpose precludingthe scheme of Nationalof this These tactsbills,to Mr. Cox, were thoroughly leftted by the swota statements of that gentleman, na Coroda Coaaait'be affected by the Hell-Gate bill.—^would show abySergeat-at-Armt can ap. Deputy vesting all his oirathe Chamber of and Commerce,Infiueicer. The statemsat that theof New-Orleansprincipal subject spoliation.bill of tbe Court without amendment, indorsingtheir disapproval of the removal of teachers onit is not there- fore surprising that they passed, with great imanindty, the following resolution, offered byMr. BuooLzsRtiolvtd, That the Chamber of Commerce of New-York earaeitly remonstrates against any action by CocgreES giving its assent in advance, and nitbout orevioos examination or proper limitation, to any laws tbereafler to be passed by any of the Statesi Impoelog local tonnage-duties on the navigable waters of the TTnlted States.This resolution was followed by another, offered by Mr. Nxlson, a member of tbe body largely interested in shipping, and whose atten- tion had been called to anotherPartHatar at:spectetora strag-especially that portion of itmeasure. The vacancy was not created till uein their remoastrance, as worth 1250,000 per annum.WVttt 'Wisk fwoecutred inMt«flW deUeiattve Beaato Us«if, ought to have been regarded askvir;i^atnot,upon this point.SooM montba ago the Tiiob made a v«rylobby. whether this before or after theinsultingMr. SLinxLLpitohedinagain general-eatioo from beginning to ead, I having had no aam- mnnlcatloB or convarsatian wt& any bomaa beiagis," haa been before the Naval Committee since Ichargeerepeatedly—one man saying that he'd give me $Mtoi%e ycio-gK>^—g> Ji^^i^J^a, itML wasm- taa,-w»d*Mtflcae^rttudenMi.'? >e(ki«aioticekaaifaMink^iaKas ^imiBfii ^fFRMI WASHWOTON.flImM, HUn, we o«a enHgUen ovrik UtOe tothe (dalnuitt aad as'wdl coteiaporuy CmH,n^ jp^faaslaokedto aammatimoftlieaeaeliBBMareviiras'tlie wa- always been able .to control some of the lead-and .bad reported ogiiiifltbnantheveaaeiaiwMbigHelt-Oate. Thetiim- joint actiOD of Oongress and of the separatethe pDUioforaiiffMt.Conmiittee,itr-aaddays left foriqi^niijuii t^j-ri^^•i-i"r'i-p-t-iipdur- billbeof Hicks' antecedento ahould beanyposing local tonnage duties, for the purpose, constitutional functions when it hasing orgaaethemfhat^bUc Ofdalon,of thehighestpabUcoenceni.Tbe Goaviet Hicks.We have been requested by the gentleman«uu«tafnfSecretaryof thethem. House ofand theday before theautnority,ofcooatnwrtlatesp^aeh, wldek ii i*«,eonfiarringsucheaormona bene- sumed in this preliminary atop towards the than when it oooslgns the weary platitudes ofthe whose interests and rights they arethree Committees of the Senate, and the Senate itself; and there waa just as much reasonto represent. Perhaps this will prove, for the present, a sufficient reply to the Post'sto whom Hicks yesterday made the foltowing— Several Comaillteus *^TheIf the Committees of theIf my life—(icrc it tnit mt ptrtoH itko wiUkmem ati, aad who is author- proper first to pass the proposed sctteme by the a cross-examination nor the analysis of an comes from the Court of Claim*." Great ized by me to pnbllah tha anromit for tbe benaSt oftiV44Un(7—>•. TTI BIOASWAT—KxBiBRias State government, and then to submit its etnnfort this for the suitors before that tri- my wife, when I die—there It wUl be seen how en. next weak, should flie nsoloOoa to adjoao opposing coimsel, we i^>prehend that the Cityterms and details to the coasidaration of Con- would be even moreaat ba robbed and bunal! Mr. Slidell then went on to give ttrelydlfferent are the facts from those published la raaclnnded ; otherwise the Invaatigaltaa 1* ta be kMextensivelyThata"ZJI^gl at Ooapai Inrt&nte last erening, for the pur- some, and particulariy inconvenient to pro- and inteUfgently exercised by Committees of have only to say that if there is any truth inonewas not very familiar with the case, aadTo relieve the subject of this difficulty a reason to suppose. In the case of the Fed- gested that it should stand over imtil the re- of secrecy, aad wholly of his own accord. Baltimore.gress,grantor withhold itsthanItIsatdiction of this nature can be more honestly Paisoa, Wednesday.psadbl^Hon. Cavx Jaonca, —"ntmiiler tisasial, haiidunderedpreaentjuris-from beginning to end. Hices made theof tfce Siatitota waawell filled, and there were opportunity to interpose objections in Con- of the House and the Senate, than by the Com- ment of it. Mr. Ivebson then stated that he officer of the prison, in the course of several qnarteridariagUssaiomn. It Is naaiaCfliat.lk- JiWima-maB a'Tarylarge gathering of BepubU-very few words ;" with regard to which we Cm mark.We publish the above, although it Is fiUse\aimah\i Ihii ii lliiii of the NaticxulCon- jectors, in prematurely exposing Ut the public the House of Representatives and of the Sen-Court,notarrived here aadhas accepted the ImttaUailaf Ifc.eralCongress should repudiate entirely all jurisdic-printed,tion of private claims, and all appeals to itsthe lyitvVoek.aiiera glee fiom a Glee Club limits. Such a measure, if adopted, will Whether or not a given case comes within against it, aad Mr. Mallort's long and able offences. ,-^of needlessto his otherVfta mMttng aeparated. In favor of it r the effort to pass the prostrate at once every safeguard wliich those laws, so as to entitle a citizen to their speechwaa to be foundTtebetween the Government and its citizens.ingguiltpeijuryHatmSalomon,andthe Coinmltteeinfavorofbestowinguponhisheirs the sum of 1363,729, in the liquidation of anfnutful of instruction with that ofStomp Oratory inIt is almost to be deplored as a misfo:timesupervisionamong larger doubt thatgiven;ofajudgmentevenamongits ownrecog- that they are AubMdaa in any mannar ts take part or be present at tha otia- —pifcem KoT. 13, 1859, «nd was brought to trial " Rttohii, That the Chamber of Commerce of £rom the Court of Claims—that " one's atten- saperfluoos eloquence.by establishing as a rule, appointed their own reladves to posilions as bration of other. horerer, expreHlMiae-,Sen^ printed docimient to which every Senator wasTbx Cdban Hissx>raEB.-^Apaper thoroughly'witli provisions, anddestitute of theand the3yearsupon the piano more than fifty separate airs,revolver, the ball on each making a flesh wound. The assault tookof Commerce passed unanimously the resolu-against-•^^on,twkawith.a Sj5"»"«'to a dam to this torrent of a proceeding. Some of the Trustees have proposed interposealiedby Oielaws ofany Thejr,MtoMW,'?!*'*•"*?"* to-day. Thos.n«Mr pleaded guUty to an><MNI( »nd was al*o remanded for sentence. the act of Louisiana for levying toaiiage duties onbrought—and evenofthiskaawledgmentsj piiQJll^thM^eea--of the officer In charge to commonlcatrtD them tha to the slightest notice. It is very easy fact of uffera cf rebglous books aad InvltatioBS to at-attemptof minor imrortance were dls-;Republicans,flag-of law the Board does not ven- views, they were assured that, wfaOatt waatke duty"te for private accoun*. of the Immunity ol alii pietieitj fnmijaulanjB;tliehighseaswas - :dlKQaaed, and a CommfUM' pf Bwepnon for theHow far the present Congress of the Unitedopinionand !hat their wlshta wooki be lespectsd. at widsb^ illinsistedstouUyrightio be heard-^^yachU Foeorita, Oizt,Its market are already quite full, and ananga- reportsQtb azmnal Begatta of the Bow-Tork Hiwoffyesterday,andintftt'tofthe ofthejointresolutionthe Democrats declared that thetotion had fixed the principle that no businessEqgllsh language, and althongh but a few numben have baaa lasned. It seams to have every character-Aof House bills were reportedmorning proved a snceess. It'waa _ ly many thousands of persons, bothassentingWith this new light on the subject,the Senator fh>m Louisiana subsided, and a can be transacted without a quorum. On the Ma medium of communication with theand invaluv•»nd aahore. Theduties whichentitled.long discnssion of the case' on Its merits took other, the Bepublicans declared for freeisticnecessaiyto makeait permanent^^geeea, JWrna^ and GUngam, were theBedBlver,affordsbut slenderoftheirmentaaremakligtoextendthem. Theoadertaking is one which denrvis encouragement aad sneeeas.on the petitionUeved ftom-the obUgaUonto beforetteHw- «K>ear2^ffiS.i*E "Vective classes, taking prizeshopespeech and a very free indulgence in it ;'•'•• ••". Ho laaathan thirtv yachts comneted.thJor,^'^ Hectlon of the Grand Officers of over the naUonal commerce on our wide-ar- the result of which was that the bill was read guing that precedent had superseded thetohSata'Sf^h"^'•{«8'»'«?fNew-Yotkwas-spreadA Cail por Ispokmatios.—TheEi-rning Post has at last waited up to tlie astound-ing fact that Com. Vakdix—but isaot a dis.passed. Subsequentlywhichwasagreedto.Mr. BaioHT, of Indiana, (Dem.,) moved to.t^ vof°^ '»«' ,3»l»P«>Bedmgaof to-day will be bothTliis the bill for the residue of the publican battery, by sbnply vacating thefr hungupabout 40 years of-TliR rj-37.1^"^"yeaf were reelected intwestSgafter her- divestingthe resoluUon fixing the day withdrew it subseqoently.andBBportiintThe Stock pUrket wage,session. Some time during the second seats. So as the one party wonld not dispense self of her hat and mantilla, jumped orerboird. The steamboat Richard St»ctt»n was passing at the tine,8UteStocks Vsnaeeaees aail Hiiactiveandhigheron intere&ted benefactorwere firm in and. tke actuaL tJentrri 8SJ®^n.l®'''«'»'8e •peculatiTO ratherought to The therefore, received toe in the endeavor to reconstruct a quorum. pass. bill,yeptetdav,sales ofup the veto messageprice,was charged Bepublicans difficulty was solved.The traoaactoia in Cotton *ereacted uponthatby body.«•wasdragged, Ught. New.Yorklimitsof comfort and the law, scantily jTovldedobteined,of the two over- dtal of attention In the vicinity of Salem, Hasi. She!im;t?d •-^^J:^-J'T -^'"rtSj inquired far'•-p^ **^J^|« ^very readilycan play in the dark or b!l)i<lfolaed.Mr. Vtoas, at Horlda, (Dem.,) opposed BisoBJk advooated the blU."y**i*ox.;. ^orted. Wheat wagtempt is not made to hlecompelhimto be amena- presentsession. It hadonce passed the really veryvonngest daughterof AndrewStory,T^jqueitloa being taken,'"The subject, as a general question, offersavlng composedaad lir. shall t?e blU pass aat-most favor.;Her name Is Martha S. P. Story,and she is theJr., of B«k'«,^ric2s of sich less active. Cornlittie embarrassment. The framers'0 the 'aw of tlie land, and to public opia- Senate, and in the spirit of the law eatablish- of the Constitution, it is safe to assume, did HtSf?Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tion offered by Mr. Nelsonimpossiblefor him to imderstand these casesJapan;District-Attorney Waiihboei being inTM»» reserved till theyindirect violation of the regnlations"1waaAjneae appc^ted.New- York regard the bill pending In the Senate of tion is not called to them untilthat in the absence of a teachers, speech-making quo-for the Interest aad theirAmericanfrieuds. Afterthisajqaairiaaoftheirat tbe United States, giving the assent of Congress to highwaynmi is out of order. The who had of the Departmentrant:States willexpressions of the opinions of our Com-assurancethey exptaaaedtheirgratlficatton.retaining anything like aplaceand asked that the Jizdietar be irom further eocsidaialtaawaters.was C on herthat he sends his ships to sea crowded far beyond thereexamined tbe bill, and was satisfied feat itdon itsprinciple, twenty-twohours wereof the Asraca EDWASBS and his assodataa.publicspentFresldeBt ta the case af CThe bill was U> allow EswAina dc Co. for maUaer-quiterreans of rescye in case of accident " Uowit "happens," says (he Post, that aome at-toolate,Fretldent because the ehaigaa allaired were acciti- ':heed to thesepay legitimateCouat were all brought to-thepriced, and that be migfat acquaint himself that ensued is likely to be memorable rather AoMrican la its aiipaaiaaoe comes to ui from Hsvani. with the merits of each case by perusing a for Its length than its merits. On the one It is the only journal on tha island printed In themercialcent passage by the House of RepresentativesSENATE.WAsanaiOK, TliarsiJay, Jime 7.bodies, remains to be seen. The re-tomay be imposed, either by Loui-ony local aiana, Arkansas or Texas, for improving thecontrolling authoritypei-s Ferry Committee,areand then there is butUadiat«A«Barfinal. Any fiirthar action of tbe Senate akoiddFor the third time theorer the commerce oi the Bed Hirer V. had commenced a Ubel suit against the report was ordered. Twice read, and twice than action is the bosineas of the Hooae, pre-hudiiigto tke impoaitloBS of a private company, yester- day received the assent, in advance, of theThus for these imwarrantable impatations printed in the Olobe, besideavail or so in- not, we are amply anttioriaed toterpret the mie as to eoooomise aa ter aa prac-conducting privateamongthe public and' weenee cer-port.reading of that wlietber the nnhappy dogma, that talk rather The ao«seeiosea a Fiaidijianea8,and went on at someresistanceintheSenate. Itwin forourtemetitfinthuaassailingamaaofenter- pieciouatimeoftheSenatewastobecon- economycantakenomorepractkalshapewlUchto the Tlrttial grant for twenty-five followed at once by the Herald and Tribune, already entered and pnbUshed to the worid. speaUng to thoee hitervals when tbe House Tie Beasa rasolatlaBixCourt of ClaimsandMr. Grimes asked for the readmg of the re- sel. It canheor both to look into it I think"ihatGaaaMntit iataliaih[ tha elaiia.afACTHVB Edwakds over the Constitution lias thrown aroimd the nation- benefit, la purely a judicial question, wi& in the Congressional Globe. But In all on his confession rather too far. We do not doubt ilnilliiii iiflhi riiiiiiiilttni iiiiilliiiiiialsi lMl>iMaij-TClo waa ianewed,aiid finally de-Xr. BiNttr, of Indiana, mored a lesolu-these repeated discussions there was no Sena-tor present who luiew, or who took sufllcientinterest in the snbject to say, that aa far as may derive something handsome from the sale atrangemeatt, aad select a sataB room IpCapt. of toe forthcoming document. Although Hikcs to exclude aU ontaide i«an«~»t la this lk«rdoes not seem to Iiave been fastidiously mind- failed.ful of the duties and responsibilities of a hus- ao isTELLiOKHoa or nsiAV aomLtTicg.entitled to receive the payment. The material confirmation of it. will not counts, is now oo ^lit way ta his post Ha wpa aalfe-al commerce, aitd abandon it, without protec- tion, to the cupidity or caprice of the several States.faMf vat*,']? yeaa and 32 nays, the SenateTBined to eonaider the bill, which may tfaerefure proposed.be laiaided a* extinguished for the seEsion. The The subject yesterday assumed a definitebW waa tlien discussed snd amendedJismj City, apradment with regard to reimbursing the StatesMJntfifit upon advancea made dniing the war acting in unison with similar movements byoughttohaveIn illustration of our views on this snbjectthe entire disinterestedness of his motives, and we trust with him that tbe convict's wifelaad Instttute la vrtdeh to hold a..'whichCongressnothingtodo.CooveatidB. TWa Mad tajudicata, theforthey judgment— thriceIs it Cnotitiiiioaai to^rnial Dtapaleh WasnnhadBefore it was half Mr. Halx ^<~—,^ read, suggested la; by constitatjonal barriers, stayed from doing was adopted la tha Saaata to-day brthat he had heard enough to e<mv)nce him that anyUiiBg else than listen. We are not without votes, only tw B sgiWhlluaM vMtacteu. private boainess of a man of Mr. VAanKaaiLT's the bill ought not to pass—it was post- hope, therefore, that the latitodinadaniam of pnsrioB ta that It wfll beequallysippi.This is to be succeeded by a farther grant of ackno^edged wealth and energy of character. poned to the 18th of ApriL Then Mr. Hau the Republicans may prevail If this tide of bosiaaas eaaaot ba diiVMad aC UlUaiatiibute to be leTied upon the oommeice of Mo- This is one of the methods by vdtieh Mr. atated that he had reexamined the case, and talk cannot be danuned, let it at least poor PreiMsait wffl tmamlH*»ftM m bile, and will probably be tbe precursor of a YAancaBUT has evaded all responsiUlUy to was confirmed in hia opinion that it ought not Into empty reservoirs at idle momenta, and saron a*He haa—and that his friend Mr. Tulxx had in- not interfere with the movement ofpublic period Uke ttepresent, wfaea.tiiereaie bnt tenthat "nowjthasotpifr.iv again, «Bd lias, bg .the tteatoaent Af as many aieaanrea of thecaseiwbea he was on the Naval bnaineaa; least of ail, at a—upon thewhat he thought was the chief objection. It dea b. And that although I have been offersd moneythe of the judgment**timely orabnj •• is vented la that baaOy-jSt invention oTAsaA'tenaQilfheCoDuaUteeM'flwaiaaow p— Aum do Mfattii«btfa(sstatement, to give ita place In oaro<rtoams: with ths vlaw lato impute improper weakneas to the Sen- ." I, W.-Hnks, sAlamnlr aad tmly swearate, and Mr. Hali's remark was quite that Oie so called " eonfesslao " which appaaiad la the Jodldaiy Co—for iriiich I to suffer expect shortlythere issyllable truth in Mr. Slidell's real state- statements we have printed mainly to the BvcaAHAa to make tbt EaaeutlTa ^•"^m iitotaat-scrupulous on the point of veracitymatter should aid or countenance 1dm in add.but it op- seems rather hard that his adviseis in thisCourtfby Govenmtent, judgment, they could not consistently recon- very sorry to quench any rising soiicitades of touehiag ladian hostilUes ia Canon TaBay. Igiilband and father£m Ae adadaabm of Kansas. By a close sweeping abandonment of national duty now and piud in deteriorated paper to parties not sider their own judgment once pronoimced in that sort at its close. We hope his pamphlet DoB«a, who has lately been keie arraagtog hia •»•theyin this case were may sell well. But Its value be en-purely judicial, We have only room to add, that the simple hanced by the complicated and contradictory ipatlng trouble ia eonseqnenoe of Qis OoTaEaataiawhich he seems to be upon it during ite several stages, demon- the way for its advent.bytorsstrate that the Court of Claims, in the opinion We quite agree with the Marshal in the!falsehoodsfor Congress to manifest, as it occasionally such a habit may beget in the public mind rests, assnraes the groond that servtng a wanaatfaringYesterdayRepresentatives afforded a striking"balance due him for his services in planning example of this fact. Commencing its de-the United States war-steamer Princeton, and liberations on Wednesday at 11 o'clock,planning and superintending tbe construction it remained in continuous session until Education seems inclined to shirk all inquiry'—Senate it was referred to the Conmiittee of doctrine that the time of the House by tbe Trustees of the Fourth Ward Schools. who may be only as to that act his spedalof the machinery of the said steamer."at Hi o'clock,into the recent wholesale dismissal of teachersduringthe life of thatCongress. Congress,of they say,plaimedand carried foreffort to arrest Mr.who have no conceivableAn adjournment wasnot reachedAt the first session of the Thirty-filthon the 26th of January, 1858, Mr. Polk, fromthe Committee of Claims, again reported the by sound or prEusticable suggestions, to speak bers of the Board, while compelled to avow Kansas aad which inslnnatsdthe action of othershave no thought of promoting the public goodtheand action upon the subject.all discussion Several mem-up In the Senateto the muzzletor can act understandingly upon simply bear- a moment's notice and discharged at their dis- to see what must be the fate of our School tend places of worship, It was not tha desire of thebrace ef oratorsthe MUdssippU as unconstitutional la spirit, .and Jt is utterly out of the question that any Senar fact and argimient, ready to be imlimbered atshipping for the Improvement of the Pass a rOutra ofonecopyoftheopinionoftheCourthere,and achargedwithdisregardfatpeting of the Chamber of deeply Injurious to tbe commerce of the United ujl levymg tonnage dues States.that read at the desk." Mr. Sli- heartened adversaries, resisted the innovation, system under such an administration of its Government in aay way to force tbdr incllaattina,ingPELL was Informed that the reports of the andon theirand even in the absence of hearers. Tlie contestaffairs.hand,Consti-large number upon.between Blr. Stuabt and Mr. Mallokt,a third time and Mr. constitutional dictate, by which, ifenforced, the Attemfted Suicide.—Yesterday afternoon, as Committee dischargedGbiek entered a motion for reconsideration. Democrats might at iany thne silence a Re- tha Staten IslandSjfykof said peUMon,adjoamnaat,Vit session, Mr. Gbeeh stated that he had with its speech, and the other wonld not aban- and the Captain Inuaedlately stopped tbe boat and Mr. BisoBAM, of Michigan, (Rep.,) moved to takefinal favorable action of the Senate, and was When itone relievedsent to the House—Is a childand 7 months, and yetviceenthB Korthem i4akes,aad was vetoed bythaof course, to be It was again reported to the Senate at itshimself,aged onlyElayi two or three hetaeif. She 'earn* tar.t.JUntitled Document—Tbf. Foceih Ward Schools. The Board ofI.oint a Generalbyfor hours upon questions wholly irrelevant toreligious grounds, evaded the issue by affect-audience ing to believe that some other cause must tee fully exculpated him from aay ahadoir of iapnparsum of $13,980 is due to Capt. Ebicssok, than a score of persevering representatives have operated on the minds of the Trustees, Columbus was on Immediately appdntsd,Kr. Csx^ for the payment of which they resub- who lack other means of killiiig the hour, and by treating it as a purely local and com- vjiting for tbe English bDl, is a mistake. It was elgktmit a bill in which the Committee con- the reporters, and a fewcur." On the 19th of February the bill gling in or out of the gallery, ap- This action of the Fourth Ward Trustees is Autumn of 18S8.was read a second time, and considered pear next day in the Globe, and next the direct result ef the action of the Board of NotKithing that tbe Senate has conenirad ia tha as in Committee of the Whole, when Mr. week in a pamphlet, with which the coun- Education, and that body has no business to House resolution to adjonin Coogiaas on tha IStb, itFcoH called forin the case. Mr. SxrAar, ofof theat report try large,inadeandevade the for it first di- is the (pinion of vaiiooa membeia of both frraarhw responsibility Theyrected that eveiy teacher should open the that tbe Ume will bars to be extaiyled at IsMt till tkathe first reading Michigan,thesome remarks in opposition, and action was deluged. Very frequentiy, we are assured, school byreading theSlidell rose in a flurry, and stated that it wasOn Wednesday Mr. Ceaioe of North Carolina,remonstratesounjust and outrageousthe that one is known and groimd bat nliglonrepresented bydrowsy orator,ispresentiy2Sth, In order t« dispose of til tbe pemfiag psblle The Ftfurth Ward bualnesa."of it for the nonce with Let it go over." It that may serve for dissemination as partisan possessionnated Jahsb A. Ckavxhs as their Caagrearional eaa- dldate. The district Is at present rqiresentad byture takesteamboato'clock trip frinn this City, a Polish woman, (nameuiknowv,)rescued tbe woman. No cause assigned for tlie act.aA yongg mumcal prodigy is attracting goodWestIndies.Mr. BATAan, of Delaware, (Dem,)made;while Mr. DtiAU nyt that the sessesfilesrmpatbroftbeEnglUhOovaraatiaLFiosrxcTa or ibi lomsAiiav w nonaLaa. ThefriendsofSeaatorOoosiAaan•'"jp*"of bisBomiaatlaa oa the ffiat ballot, la WslllMMa MarShsirm & itins is pushing the speculation Douglasttas carried every predact of tkat aiif in the:process of the Beaate far ar-something like a distrustof bis veracitythis may be carried so far as to render hisconfession utterly worthless when it does lawfully executed by any person authorised thaparatively unimportant question. months afterward, and had no connection with thatfortheenforcementofits decree. andthatinvaluablecom- TheBoardwouldnotpaytooseteacherswho Hon.Wk.H.paringtrial. wUehaaMteoaaaaamm!aTOw Coagiaabhis we should be The Indian Office haa racdved no tntnaatlia life,theordinary decencies, and that a condemned convict. But the exclusion the cotttni trade being his speelalty. Mr. Bavisa iashould be made general. We do not under-cotton tsfloaace of Oa gsiilb. a gentleman of indomitable energy, and will danM-therefore both on principal sodcfBccr to perform tbe particular act, le is ootcontended that afuiictlons in him, bnt that ba mar oa -gtne. tal principles of law, deplete tbe aalhoiitylegalintendmentmostbethattheS^The recently published statements relative to Mr. Cox. of Ohio, la conaacUon with the I,ecomptaB aada report of F. B. Sakboxs, asking tobera-^corrupt advaaoe* www.fultonhistory.commgijjgigimutmm 