 kSouth, but they did so nopala ? Cries of "rdelegationLouisiana, otherexpense of tbe delanltaas, and finally Ihe Convention adjoomad for aa bear, in-platform, and If naceasary to withdraw his name. There is much excitementQuito a number of telegraphic dispatobes have»i>^-mt atTmni premature anaouneemeit of the 8UNIX Is in high giee; his head- at Cay's Monument House are crowded to-Ktntueky—Aye, 10; Nay, 2. Ohio—Nay, 23.Michigan-Nay, 6. Wisconsin—Nay, S.Iowa, Nay 4.Minnesota. Aje I H i Nay 2H.4.;reportforthemajoritywaslost.The chair having requested that no expression ofapplause or dissent should be indulged In, the result was announced in silence.The vote then recurred on the adoption of tbe ma-triumphantly over the dome of the Capitol in all but Mr. Chcxob, of New- York, and Mr. Josss, of Ten- three out of fifteen, and then we were defeated onlyhavingas a good joke, but last evening I met him in the afreet ind be told me that the old man (Ctramao) bad lent for him to tell and show Urn wherein hiiwaa irregular aad oat of order, and to reqoeat bla toi:Theytaken this step(Mofcy.Ha was aUowed to pnceed cour- only bycallquestion. Heruledasthea strong or deenment Mr. ofSTCt—IfO. 3733. mrtTfjkiuNE^-YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1860. PRICE TWO CENTS—WITH A SDPPLEMfiinV - *Tba PiesKent said snch waa tha custom tn tha Delegates ; and it/ti, giving the power to one set to against any member of tt. I shall carry with me, delegate should undertake to dictate to him bow he They filed Into that hall In iliiiiM«<|utit Itaa, ' _trjiiflf^a^ aNI>l—JorttyofMr. Wsiaia, of Massaebnsetts, otgected to thewithdrawal of the first part of Mr. Oimiifla' report delegation olaimed by Jobs B. Ciabt, was than adop^VM'nfMM.lnt« • whol*, (Dd tMB plMcaaa),permittedwould waive the right to speak in conclnsion of the shall oast the whole vote of the State,Mr. Claibobhx, of Missouri—If the Prastdent of tbe Conveatlea wUl not protect na from the fawnlts of this I desire that he shall not uaon to certain victory aad preserve wBh oaaar perty and our civil rights aad laUgioaa Ubertiaa; ao long as tbe SUB shall sUaa, whieh batastfa 'of Geor- he should raise a point of order that there waa no da- a letter from the National Demo-i^ortholding plause.]account—Amen." glory!• BaUat.<SnAQT TO BE NOMINATED. <[f th« Chalnnm, Mr. CwMng,BnsA-!iii2.'i*h?*"l "K i'*''5»'• 'TM«CoBventKn had(treatlari tors*bks a^^ tha battaaa weta off Us coat; tmiS']Naya*ekI* tto Vrw-Tork TtBMB.Ruaxoas, aaOormaftkt wOUnrnttl V' *" delegates did create vacancies, and the resolutionand o% that called tkttha dra«4|nl«.the MuMMjlmMtts m«g«tioiiMr. O'Vauoh entitled to the seat In the Missouri Mr. OimsM then asked consent lo withdraw his td.UsH nays, 113 nays.der. The gentlemaa who was speaking by tbe 1b- dulieBeeoftheConrantloD, had no right to Indulca in offensive Kmarki. [Applaase.]approprlata unworthlness, the Rev. Dr.rrnrniigd to tliaaa. dLBMamoB, FUdky >T«Blag. ef tiw, dMi ii& day of tlte Cm-nays.laythatresolutlanonthetable. Laidorer.the proeeedlBgs, and hetghtened by tbe prevaleBcs ofa that Mr. Donauu had to with- report telegrapheddraw his name, which was known only by a few.As ioon ss the Convention was called to order,Mbsbkx-I demand to know his naaae now.be with iamf mA,JktiMd partbMBjpeBt pHMuiMataiTWsisBT, Massachntetts, objected.ooiiasioo,during5nr «i^£re iS' glorious Union, ^^TT'iSiBmaweuTer-Mr. SnuiT, of Minnesota, asked whether one on resolu- Theqoettianbeing the ninth and lastobjection could prevent the reading of this state- tion of the majority report admitting bath delega-tions from and the vote of tbe Georgia, dividingwhleb -Mr. Bmrb endeavored Be the to speak. keptfloor, however, aid grew more offsnaive In manner as the Convention refiiMd to hear hlm.of thla great andfloats tha flag of our rather., and wulh nithan our Uvea or our asloialattM.^ItMttfeyluBr (Otto walk, tiM alBOrlty rapoitquiteplace, Messrs. Sadlsbubt, of DelawareIt to ba tha meani ofbopa- r dtaldiag tha Demaoratlc Farty, irodacad a da-withdrawn,lost—I06X to 145,Mr. Russiuof Staseeust ofVirginia, Maryland,and MoHanrof rose at the lame time. Pennsylvania,Mr.McHxaaxmovedtoadjournsinedU. Mr.Siaks- bdxt made the same motion.There was much excitementMr. Stoabt, of Michigan—I raise the point of orderof theHall occupied by the re octaia ovar,may biereaaathe ebancas of bisIt waa tbe ligaal far nproar in tbe gal- ; aad tat gaaatal caafuaion.Toaa Immediatdy, aad In a I atyla aaaounaad tha retirement of the DalagatlcB. Thlaenatadagreataeniatioa. of theTliginla Dalegates withdrew. jtfc>.ft«aMaat prarantad applanaa by threatening to «laar tta gaUcrlea. One of the remaiolsg Virginia If.^jg.i^ daalrad to ezplala hU poattlon. Mr. Bcaxix, ft Kaw-Yorh, objected, wUcb was reoeired withof North Caralina, announced the with- Ibat delegation, In a speech, not In goodof Haryland, reaat refleotians opon tha ef Savsua, as supporters of a man rather ef ratadpla—bat was compelled to snapend byatvtita.VJtfta atbar delagattons were in c<asuttatlon,•nnri spaaehaa ware made which kept the Ccoren- |i»ia goad hmnor.Maim, of CaUAnU, made a lamentable exhibition «f htaaalf by atlgmatlalng the aetioD of tha majorityHe saidthat theThe PxiBinxiiT—The motion to adjourn sins die la,Convention.interrupted,will not allow that to b« deducted from my time. tnmlng'to• by Coaai, of FeBsaylTaala,eraatad anioteaaaandto Baltimore. the New York delegates had no to vote . reaccredlUng delegates opportunitymentThe President called Mr. Smith towiunlBf excitoaieatunderwUeS tbey weie laboring. Mr. CciBisa rappad arllb Uar^fllf^aBttiOfTbgliiia, kgiveMr. RuBBiLL, of Virginia, then took the floor. The faithfully, and has allowed five ndnutes for the inter- In of a portion of the stage, aa wUsb lat ttetimehadhowarrivedwhenit t>ecamehisduty ruption.Mr. GoBHAs, of Minnesota, arose amidst the excite- A. Smith—Then I claim ten minutes now, Mr. suggested by some that the platform of tbe New-Toik.requires, comingthe Mar- Secretaries,pnatdDemocracy of that Stateto a taiZat for fretiiaU,The credentials of the on the esse of Georgia as Uiey deem justice to the Mississippi delegates borein order.New- York and several other States called for votesby States.The motion to adjourn sim die was withdrawn. Mr. MoFPAT, of Virginia, asked If the Chair wouldnow issue tickets to those delegates admitted by thewords he was were out of andshonld speaking order,hammer and shouted. Ob mwatlag tbe remark, he was stopped perem- fchargeit,eaacgaT^iri^tfCsMna,CocBXAHx, of New-York, held that whileand fslily biased down.aTK,a( Indlasa, ajqiealad to tbe Cluir to pro-from Insmlt, or else allow them to 8ian,afler learing tbe hall, sent forof 6atr^ reaarka—with a Tiew,as wasbeingseries of propositionsaccount. [Laughter and applause.]M>«wa wtthdrawaLintenselU-fsalingprcTails.Thepro- NorthCarolina—Aye,9;Nay,1.of tbe Oaventioa are utterly witiwut A porths of tbe Soathem delegates are rery Indig-a.fo retire for consultation as to what their temporarilyfuture action should be.by 9xBVBBa,and any Anti-Douglas amandmaat, whichmightbe ThefactofMr.GmiMaaOaa half rote froas Vermont Joins the seoeders. I dalegatlco wish thalr grumblers toan esily certain of Dan and lUiinAu. Bli mH, aal I tMUara tnily, that New-Tork of- iandttaaslaiB tha Soathem rapoit If they will girovpTjjMiST—but thla was refased.It la probable that tha AdmlntstratlonlBts will not•ana Into the Conrentton to-morrow—Ccshiko and B^iua aaoDg them.California,Oregon, Aye 3,Total, Aye lOOHSo the motion to substitute Mr. Suvuib' minorityfrom these doors to return to our homes. Sir, the preamble of the ClnciimaU Platform says in the verytire from the Convention on any tectmlcal grounds, but did not wish to participate in malUngacttonin the Convention In aooordaaea Warawttttrust in the the intelligence,of the Union. Tbey were not yet prepared to with- draw from tne Convention, but asked leave to retireadjournedIbrra*, an Antl- Secessionist Arom Virginia, made aaaiovwntvaeoh,andfaintedonsittingdown.He proposition.because we were divided. And how were those tri-umphs achieved 1 Only by the union of thepresent generaUoo they must appear as fresh aabodiS^fr> - May.At the Winter Garden, Kra. JnUA Dba> Haybx,-MM ewilad oat.BALtoiou, Friday—Hlddgbt.'' Hm aMJoiby of tbe Haaaachviaetts delegationwlU enter the Beeedlag ConTODtloa. raad Tesnaaaee are opposed to enteringdid have a without the union of you victorybid them farewell withMr. Glass, of Vfrglnla, bad not agreed with his'to partake aay longer in theconsujn- faiata a blow by which you will send us tue oi'aer six orsevenStates andthsnwhatIs this Convention!hsrajwtdeeldednotCMifwUoB frooaadlsgs, Ut, Cvnua so«i witti ^Hf^Mr,BmuBgoesbona.Afewofthem,inolud-Sincethat time he had voted for every Democratic candidal for President, and every Democratic candidate In Us link that holds tbe North and South together is to be bailiwick. He should be the last to leave theanft«mI«aUma bare Just started In a specialyea."trust societies have been sereiec;•rtfc* reportmotion for reeese, and It was lost—82)4 Ayes, 108 habit of using it to express Us Meaa. Ifhaapokeof woaea!af tha Naw-Yotk dalatatkm, who retired four^feMcAt Waallalliia. aaeb ratoltiiig In a dimlnntlon•( Ma^ai itnaKtk. A njiterlou anaoaacemeiit marks of Messrs. Phuiips, of PennsylvaniaapiTflb pait of tba Tlrtinlana, looking toirardi an nroB, aTideoily affeetad many o( .the bera.At Ika ooaunaaceaiaat of the erasing aeuioa Ikadla tkaNaw-.YorkdaJegatbw osOy rigkx Tba npoit thatlM had wiittaa a Icttartomadeawbole chargeofapenonaleharaeteracainstthedelegatfam from the SUte of HUBoia. 1 desire he should name the Individual delegate he alludes to, in order that he may take the leaponidbUlty on him- self.Mr. Smitb attempted to speak, but was Interruptedloudcriesoforder.Mr. Samdiu, of Iowa, hoped tbe gentleman wouldbe pennitled to proceed In order.Mr. A. SMim—I Intend to be heard. I must say thatlightandbegantoread,'whanDuringMr. JoBjra motion to strike out and insert was Indivisible, yetit only applied to a separate proposition to strike out order that the Congress of the United States refused one indivisible to copyright the Cincinnati Platform, and, therefore,Uspro-was then read by Mr. Snviai^dalarato fnna Orafoa,and Governor of Mr. Oia aaa Washington Territory. iis a small man, of wiry fnma aad nervotu tampaia- Mr. CnoacB not withdrawing his demand for tba cratic Convention, and no other. He was elected to position of faia colleague should be carried, but in ment He reads well, and made Qte beat of bla taib.The paper^ad was a masterly effort Toe greatar portion of l^ was undoubtedly written by YABCn, and is conceded by all parties to be one of tSie best•Mpartd, to hold him to a personal account for anything The President, while expressing some doubt, main-1 which they might contain. tained his original decision.represent bis constituents In the Convention, but not to withdraw from it, to carry out the wishes of a peo-vjirs, of Oregon, for the report of the majority. IMBlly aoBfiiltlag with Cnaisa. The vote was called by States, and resulted as fol-A number of points ol order were raised, and a Mr. MorrATTorder, and yielded theSanuora rapaatsd tha SlaTe-trade q>eceh he has lows:Mr. Class, of Missouri—This remark may place Mr. Smith, of Wisconsin, raised a point of order nounced that tbe majority of the North Carolina del- me In a false position. I have said my own mind Is that Mr. Uauir bad never been a delegate in tbe egates, on account of what they conceived to be an fixed. I shall never leave this body. (Loud ap-A SCB-MIKOKirT BIPOBT was offered by Mr. Girrusos, of this city.a» aflen,—bat Ua glesring In being a slare- r,aad vren In stUl mwre diagraoeful relations aMhfta(ilaontfeatnrsa of the Institution, created gen-anldlsgaaLSks vU wM b» takoi tkt Jtrtt tkmg to-morrowDngia* i» etrtam of tlu noynination. ItonertraIt, itwillbeineauequeacsofMaine—Aye, 23« New-Hampshire—Aye, JjConnecUcnt—Aye, 23i New-York-Nay, 3i.outrage on the Convention. Mr. CaAvrix was the delegate perpetratedof theMr. Go-r;Nay, iit.peopleSouth,Clrasa whole.er aet^^B ngaidlBg their adherence to Dobqlis. —Tax PaisiDtin No motion is before the Conven- ^Itm dispatch of Deveua to tbe New-York Oelega- tion, the operation of the previous question preventingalloa. Messrs. Soiiu, SAimias andiGnvoBJane 1860. 22,Itar WaablBgtoii, to emfer with Mr. Donojua ask a BaedUestkm of tha Platfonn, and to decide on order that the report was not adopted until adoptedSouthern Democracy li the only one that binds tills There are many gallant hearts here from journed ;Ike taatBqsesUsDbaa been ordered."Tennessee, which, laboring for hours to adopt a Plat cited by such a tone annou^eement, and you will It Is forced, .'rantc, and sentimental to the last de-ttatt aaysCtfeada, who are to do what:itinquire.was the cause of such Cuariestonian action ? Mr. TiMis, you have been very kind to me, and deserveYet as it aboundsnot the less thrilling because everrbody knows whati pUce in the hasds of my syaslfharmonize all parts of the countrv,had passedWhat do in the meantime ? What did theyin which are slluatlons,"daaa beat for tbe harmony and general InteresU of the Democraticfuty." Mr.DiTin Toid, ofasant President In theAThe President replied that be was under the direc- tion of tbe Conv ention in that respect-Mr. Stcabt, of Michigan, objected to any business but the questions before the House.thinkof? Youyoungmenthathear,1a resolution Gov. JoaagoH as their first choice namingtheyDelegate inquiredfor President, but pledging the State to give itsheart)' support to the nominee of the party, whetherbe comes from the North or South, provided he caa my thanks and my confidence ; therefore I'll tell you deficient In spirit ; and as, above all, It was actedwlU be pUce o( Mr. Cnsanre.:with force in the leading parte, and well put singularOhio,thaper-cordially indorse the Cincinnati Platform. He bad ail about it. So listenHOWARD, ror the Associated Press.1racy State,a candidatePlatform. Hemocracy for their fidelity to the Union, and to the morning session of Thursday would be the occasion part of Mad. Heitp, are In thew hole count! y, and to declare he would never en- a a secession, a nomination and an melo-dramatic art, some of her scenes throw-,saved us in the revolution ?What are you of the Em-to extol the Northern De-Wednesdayafternoon, everybody supposedMra.Hathi'smake-upand action, in the tryiagof the majority report admitting the Soule delegates Tha ConTenUon aaaembled al 10 o'clock prompt. from Louisiana.of this or that Delegate, with reference merely toof a row, spUt, of her deavor to crowd on them a weight to crush them. aoiournment The telegraphic-wire flashed thatopio- ing the fragic and pathetic qualitiesThe Tennesseedelegation had not yet formally with- ion all over the Union, letter-wriifrs worked out talent Into finer relief than anything to which.ly, tha thaatrc being densely crowded. Prayer was offered by Re<r. Mr. Swabiz.The vote is precisely the reverse ol that on the re-drawn from Ihe Convention, and he hoped belter counsels would prevail.TbaMr. WaisHT, ofJawnal of yesterday's proceedings be ra&d.followed, chargingBALiiaota, Friday, June 22.whenquei^on Is, Shall you liave any Union to which you can give a President? Shall you have any Democrat- ic Parly to electa President with? Why not then, ccme forward, young men, and sustain tills inheri- tance, snd let it not be broken up ? 1 say to you, Vermont—Aye, 4J4 ; Nay, H ; New-Jersey—.\ya, it Is no light matter. I say to you, the im- pending crisis is even the- more awful because it is silent It is hushed, it is true, but is upon us. Y'ou know every honorable man knows, that if a resolution of that character, which I desire now to be reconsidered shall prevail in the Convention, you have a dissevered ConvenUon. The States that are at your door, will never come inMassachusetts,movedMr- Caaa, of Ohio, mored to dispense with the ^y. Nay,4J«. ioffered to unite on the nomination, provided one man was not nominated. So It was no figbt for prin-this IntormiDable Con- apparentlyold Soathem BO- 'raadlig. Tha poaitlaa of tbe ijuestlons could be aiaaad by tbe Chair.In attendance uponthis representation".Tba raadtag waa dis|«naad with.Virginia, 1North Carolina, 2 aye, 8 nay.«The Chair, altar praUmlnary remarks relating tocertain beliefs. Yesterday morningIn the role of and Daiif,Iba oanTenleace of the «Matten had bean ordered.stinding knockingbroughtespa- up for repetMott."delegates, stated that the mainTotal, 153 ayes, 9bSo the second resoluUon was adopted.The quesUon was tlen of theArnansaw with power to Mr. lloopsa and his coUeagues,,.,^., ,. While heTha Secretary then read the noti<ms In their order.Tba Chair then itited that the would be quesUonfrom the Stales that are here will adhere to the Democracy of tlie Union, but tbey will also adhere tosaywhich be had no recollection, itfeeling and force.to occur. When I of toe Lake" at NIblo's Garden.int lahnon the report of Mr. Gimaos, of Mary- and his colleagues fromtheirdisgrace their brethren of the States outride. [An-Thls'pleeeialoois a simplyaad femininity of Mr-laa%a4<pUngthe whole**a aaia «l Alabama, and •l%fawl Cbarleaton delegation.andthe contestants, with power to cast onebleedliiK heart to see the downfall of the Democrilic if tendered lo mar. is b-jt ruin to that downfall of the Democratic Party, for it hid beenclouds, the rsln fellthe afreets were filled (the gutters 1 moan) vehicle for the fun, theIn admittiiig in that State thecasttwovoWs,majnlty report, excepttion which..**•.*""*' **' Missouri, on a quesUon of prirllege,In oil-cloth and rubber-were la the nest of humors, ana offered to take us to good quv-lers. provided only that we should give them good(I have underscored the so ,,ucTtir, in r.i..rn. joke*•* *" ""• '"*'• °' report errors occurred intoef• afthe aamea of the delegates in all therose In dlff:;rentthis Convention. But other men say Hall, and Mr. Smith, with bis arms folded, stood sur-reports. , of Minnesota, Inquired whetlier, underDelaware,calledto all appearan3e,nt to hare tliemunanimity ofthere shall be thisnothing. WhereUyourdiscriminatingjusttceeverywhere placid, and,Of general tbeafilcal newa thereby tbejiar te a# Chairman of the Committee on Crcden-Garden,a comblnaUon between Mr.I adaptedtiala to be heard at the cloae of the debate, even altercorrected.man or or that man or nothing,veying ihem, aiid Eueelng contemptuously..\Oer much coiifuslon, the President s'a'ed that the remarks of tbe gentleman were only made byBut when did raindeter fair woman at borne if she had made op her The V«nterConrentlon, it is not In or-} ou apply to the adiostmentof the Convention, and the Chairjection th»i the states.of the minority report, except tbe followingMr. of 'Tennessee, Joais,Bensa of RepreseataUTas, and ha would so role.Mr. Bmniai, of Maryland, asked ooaaant to w«b- dimw tha irst i»rt of the report, so aa to leave bafonOa Ceavantion aa hla report only the rasatntlaB ad>BHttag the Yanoey dalegsUon from Alabama. In do- AvB the, BInta ef Texas. Adopted—only two and a lag s« ha stated It had been rumored outside that Us half vrxea In the negative, two from Pennsjtranlahad been made in coBseqoenee of Uie fssciaa- and -a half from Oregon.tkm of Mr. Yaucst. While he admitted that Mr. K vote was thea taken on the fifth resolution, ad- YAXorrwasthemostfascinatingmanheevermet, 'AlttlBgMessrs.BataxsandWmnuT,ofDelaware. yet those who believed snch lafloenoea dictated his The letolutlon was adoptad without a division.kaew better of him aa a man or of Ut The sixth nsoluUoa, giring R. L. CaAnaa tbe seat report i^Inei-of the Union, and last as the pillar of that Union, the love of the United Democracy, North and South.tkosght iHoper, aad while ha waaao tafagiiadaaio,b(desired towho say, la all seriooiaess, that any parson merte, which wasas a Democrat tetfaeplea Massacbusatta delegationorder, that no matton had ever been made to adopt 111)4.Mr. Otrmras' report aa aa amendment. Mr. Stuaxt, of Michigan, at this point made rao-tioxis to reconsider each vnte had and lay the same on The Praaideat decided tbe point of order not well the table. It being understood that tbe motions were taken, saying that the report took tha poaiUon of an not be pot until votes on the proposltiOQa had beenamendaMBt to tbe taken.majority report Tbe seventh resolution of tbe majority, declaringcontested Mr. Waian, of Massaehnsettt, raiaad a point of mi F. HAuan, was ttien adopted by ayes 138•" •theatre,andthe"Comedyof J"iwhole report, wbleh waa granted, thus bringing tbe minority report first In order. over.hopesnamew^AaAUhmi^ ' --"'own cauae, whereas we ahooldbuckler alreaCy In the field. fighuiaTrf StmentMr. Kara said, if;CassBA,Tbe President, afterMr. Smith to proceed in order.thewe may put in nominatloi a Butn who ^uat the Charleston Conventionadopted recognizes and the r<! solution wasprtvious quutioTuthe Convention isactingUke a sick ehlld who shows'whiletatadltita treaahary, thoogh it la thought abaord by filling these very vacancies. The States lost—106)4 to 14i—New-Yorkvotingno.reluctance lotake pnyslc. He that repeatedpartpthaiipennltNew-Yorksuch vacancies, and called on the States to fill them. votingIn tbegreatwhofe desks they franticdy riuhed, ana lato wboa*TheIt will be iiaad aa an azcoaeby vacanciesTbe wboledenying that majoritynegative.report was adopted, except thetbe resolution known as the unit wiilcb had rule,ingorder.Tbe waysmanifested the Intense "minorityCommittee,been adopted by tbe Coiiventlon, had beennated to him by an IlUnola delegate aa an intentional, designed toick and fraud upon tbe Convention.Loud cries of order and much indtenant ezeite-unceremoniouslythemaelves badrecognized vacancies by reappoint- Mr. CBcxcHof New York, took the floor.motion cannot now be entertained.of theexist, proceed to render their argumentlapsthey tumbled.here with to harmonize the Democracy of tbe 30tb of May, and many were new names. Tile Ala- Union, and act Is a manner which will meet the approbation of Democrats all over the nation.on the face tbe fact that they were appointed on the an earnest desireOrder,"wasextendedto asa shals,andothers,attemptedtostaytbafrantleora'w4;bama credentials of the old delegates bore on their face the date of their appointment, not to this Con- vention, but to Rlchmcmd, and lower down they were accredited to this Convention. They might have been appointed also to tbe Chicago Convention, but what Democrat would desire to admit men on such a.the speaker courtesy. Another but all was of no nse, until a thoogbtfol fellow,i point of order was, that the gentleman's allotted time name modesty forbtos my giving, called out for tbrrrcommissiontoaDemoeratiostatement proceeded to give similar reasons for theStatea.Mr. BaowH, of North Carolina, rose torovingCesivenUon f Thewasresolutions as a whole is necessary.admission of the Soul^question had been called, and the question on seconding it must be put before other debate.Mr. RuB^iu. considered what be had to say ai a matter of privilege, under the action of the Conven- tion on questions arising out of the report of the Com- mitteeonCredentials. Theaction hadbecomefinal,and itpart of the majority of the delegates from Vlrctnia to inform the Convention that it was not consistent withtheir sense of duty to thefr coiutltuents tolonger In these deliberations. ( Applause-which was glnla were pledged to thewonderthatIthadgivenaway. VariousirltticiaBisorder that the necessary repairs might be made. During the interim, when everybody waa exelnded but tbe ladles and the reporters, the baadpiayedthe camerunaways In, tba CoDveatiOB ra-fromand a compromise of the delegations from tlieMr. Hailxtt, of Massachusetts, rose to address the Convention.Mr. Stdaxt, of Michigan, raised the point of order that Mr. Haluti was not a member of the Con- vention.were at the perpetratedbut was called to order by a delegate from Minnesota, who said there was no debatable question before tbeConvention. Mr. SnviitB,ConvenUon.The President ruled debate out of order.Michigan.The President ruled that tbe resolutionsgonfromtheConvention.Mr. MprriT, of Virginia, took tbe floor, and spokeMr. Snvxas, of planation.Oregon,rose to aperstmalex-lay on the table. Thechecked the Chair.] byearnestlyagainstsecession. TbedelegatesfrtunVfr-supportMr. Stcaxt, of Michigan, objected.the majority of tbe Credential Committee, wba.tuiikThe PauisiHi—The gentleman from Michigan objecting, th« chair most enforce tbe rules of order- Mr. Snving—I appeal to the gentleman fromMlcbigan to withdraw bis objections.Mr. STCAxr—No gentlemen wiU go further than my-self Ingranting personal favors, but the business of the Convention has already been delayed too Icwg, and X cannot withdraw my objections.the have no at tba acceding Delegates rightThePresident then stated a thatthis Convention. and — [LaughterClaxx, Missouri, hoped thatbe given to adjourn after the Convention had orderedthe In order that the Mtsauuri dele- previous question.have leavegation might to consult on the preaentcondition of affafrs. His own mind was made up, but at the reqoeat of others of the delegatioD, he de- sired that this be done.Mr. CiBBHA, had no objection to such a course him- self, but could not say what the wlches of tbe Con-looeely drawn, wrongly worded, and, by no maaaa,had been motion was to strike out and insert. It was Indivisible.applause.]Mr. Hauxtt Sir, I have fought enough for New- York to entitle me to this courtesy. Tbe soldier of a hundred battles ought to retire with the honors ofmade (or a division on thepowerfolPaibb,Otato,Vermont—Aye, Matsachuaetts—Aye, 8 Rhode Island—Nay, 4.Democrats had heretoforeNew-Jersey—Aye,4 Maryland—Aye,5Hand his Inimitable for apoiogieaIndiana—them With reference to the consideration generally.the mind of thecan consent13. IIIInois-Nar, 11.whetherof this resolution, I hope it will be reconsidered as to continue with this body. They had oome hereto axd 5 remain.jority report.to-nigM,but very little entbuaiaam.OTRCOKYENTION CORRESPONDENCE.regret.You are now on the eve of what? Alter having colleagues in their seceision, but desired, neverthe- Goisjp from Baltimore—Scenes and Inei- com and melons In the warm lunahlne of public favor,Nay,DelegationtheynpntAyeresultThe Convention then ordered the previous questionwUl start the " baU a " whieh wBl kaoak tafo " " rollingspeak,east the whole T'ate of the Stale if the other set with- above all, the love of my eoantry. next to U, tbe lore shoidd speak. Be aheold expRii bloaaH ai he the dress drda tn leas «»« n»«« ft bag ««>— fa-draw. ABwer^Mlopted.A vote wa^ than taken on tha fbnrth raaolntion ofMichigan, moved tolsy recenslderonthetable.the company in the 2*nsii> li Im ibamLaii 1tbe najofl*^ rapoit, admltdng tbe original delegationtbevote toIMr. CassBA, of Pennsylvania, moved to recondder a the vote, and to lay that resolution on the tahla. LaidMr. MxuicE. of Illinois, desired to know tbeof the delegate from lUlnnia against wbom the charge had beenmade tbe from Callfor-hot thtoe can preswawiw «i-Mr. Ksca, of Missouri, on behalf of tbe majority of The eighth reaolution, admitting the contesting the Committee, aaked leave to file a statement of the delegates from Alabama, was next adopted by 148)4lui J4Mr. of Mr. CtsaHA moved to reconsider the vote, and toThe Convention reassembled at 7 o'clock, with a ua. by delegate crowded audience. Much Interest was excited by Mr. Smith-We shall get at that In time.eivU !and reliaiou that we ai»lBreasons for their conclusions in the report ayes,_Mr.There was great exeUemeat aadquering our enemy, and that ofto file this statement be State between ^em, with the provision that IfPennsylvania simultaneously.rappingfor order,raqueitedthy power, compelibS laafi oaeuaBloaaimnBlBtaaexeaption. Tbe debate. A division of the resolution was called so as to for,ouraelves. prevent [Loud ap-all 4oM. W ofpralae, ofhoiMtr aad ofwa< tkea adoptad, ud tke deck* aiaaiid fat acMon.J>a'lB>amt waa eonaantntad opoa tba aettra mem-%«Mr. WsioBT, of Massachosetts, stfll objected. 'When take a vote on each proposition separately, and athe from Missouri commenced a speech long discussion ensued. gentleman Before the rote was taken Mr.thee shall beGAanirxa,bate OB the reports yesterday, and therefore there cratic dalegatea from Georgia, and asked that it beMr. Mxaaiox,of Missouri,appealed to aUpartiestakenapwaathereadhwof1b»' wSlki tteconld Be no of read. right reply.was to reconsider would preserve order and decorum in debate. the vote by which tbe Conventionrejected the minority report of Mr. Suvans, of plsuse.]Oregon. TheConventionoidetedthepreviousquestion. The motion to reconsider the vole was taen lost by"" Read, read ;"andStitiks, of Oregon, yesterday, which certainly made would prevent the reading.a debate on the reports. Tax PaxsaiHT—It willln this stage of theThe President decided that the deba'e bad takenplace, and gave the floor to Mr. Kum.[Ap-Mr. Clam, of Missouri, called attention to the re- Cries of;Mr.CuxcT,ofNew-York,inquiredifoneobjectioneither of them refuse to take seata, the remaining delegates;gia, presentedto remember that were in a National Conven- tbeyNo. no." Mr.BmnawoaTS, of New-York, objected.Mr. Miaiicx-The genUeman l^m Callfomla baaadjwl- Mr. PBaxia took ap tbe parings. — Mr. CuutOTnegative The motions to reconsider the several resolutionsTbe gentleman from Georgia can rise reasons to a question of privtlege and read the communica-was heard, resembling the report of flra-arac, Clouds of aust rose in the air, obeeuciBg for a Mo- menttheview. Delegates,likefi1cht«Mdiihither and toither,Mr. KacH then read a statementfor the conclusions of tbe minority of the Committee TBI PxxBisnT—Tbe gentleman fromon Credentials. He argued that the secession of the rise to a questloB of privilege, and the Chair willat the were then laid on the morningsession,giving histion.then decide whether he Is In order.The call for a dlvlsloo of the resolution was thenadoptedtable In their order.bylast reiolutlon dlvldisg the State of Georgia tMtween the orlgli al delegates and the contestants, which wasdesig-The ladles, seeing such a tbe rumpus aiBongNew-York desires to move that thetion ttom the State of Georgia be admitted on thishad expired. ^Mr. A. SarrH—Butlhave Beenand I cheers,which werehesrtlly gives by all the noort-floor. Heers, the officers, and otben, aad tbe at-executed,and no vote on theadoptionof theest 20 minutes.Tax PiieiDxiiT—The gentleman vriU take bis seat.Loud dies of "Order," "Order;" "Down," Dovra."After some time Mr. Smitb desisted and left tbe—A Mr. HAi-iinofannounced the withdrawal of theproposition and insert another. This the gentleman Is not entitled to consideration on thatmightelsewhere. He was elected to the Nstional Demo- Mr. CsAio, of Missouri, was anxious that the pro-a motion to substitute asup- for another series, he held that it was divisible.The was then on theJJIar tba aaeassloa of the Southsra Delegate:!, question put substitution of Mr. Haluett, of Massachusetts, then took the floor. interests of the Union, not risk its disseverance. [Ap-^MKWof inrgiala, stood apon the platform, (re-thewholeoftheminorityreport,madebyMr.Sn- Hemovedtoreconsidertheninthresolution. plause.)out of a Democratic party.Convention of the Democraticof the kind on record, it was readand In a way that brought down the house re- ceatedly.1Nay.fair to the playRe therefore an- nounced that eight of the delegates would retire.Ml. Ewmo, ot Tennessee, said tbe from delegatesthat Stale had exhibited in the as far as Convention,3. Pennsylvania-Aye,17; Nay.10.CHArrxiashissubstitutetoattend. Hehadto vote.wife,vrilhout his iMlng able to untierstsnd them.clining Virginia-Aye,- 14tation. [Laughter.];: Arkaisas—Aye, H Nay,Mr. of said while Delaware andconsiderableooofuslonexisteduntiltheChair vention.Asamanthedelegationnowaskedleave wouldnotleavetheConvtntton,tbeywouldatprea- amendmenttotheamendmentofferedMissouri—Aje,i Nay,stoppaga—4. Nay, 1.to do so at time. right anyMr. Stxxu, of North Carolina, made a strong spec ch against secession.Mr. Eviiia, from the majority of the Tennessee Delegation, announced that 19 delegates would retire; Tennessee Aye,10;of Kentucky, on theattempted.Hi; 3X.nised and admitted to the Charleston Convention, and Mr. Hallitt's name does not appear on the record.iiVlrglnla inquired if alternates who had not se-ceded, were entitled to fill seats deserted by prioci-Mr. WuintiT,Massachusetts;given longer.;andonedelegatede-withouttroubleto Mr. and CuArrxi,were the first to resolutions to harmo- They proposenize the They had a candidate dear to platform.NayISO.first words that the AmericanDemocracy placenomination of a candidate not to all acceptablepi all the old forms and party llnea of tba tmrn- lived organization of the OeniocraUe Party. Tb» Convention sita at 10 o'clock thla monlag, aaditia BOW half past «.;prepared;Nay,case, that bis rising became an invariable signal for a laagfa,Nay, 4J<. Nay, 5.3H.recog- would withdraw from the Convention. Northern plause.]nsGS Is a character. He Is amall, cioselr-sfaaTaB,and in humer. At fanclfully-dreased, always gCMidChailestan he was all the time addraaalBg. or at- tempting to address toe Ctiafr, but waa alwaya ruledNay, Nay,2H;everypossible, dispositionto harmonize the labors ofIntrodlBg apea Ibetlme of tbe Conventtoo.and the paUcneaof tba Chafr, were fanny In the extreme. His report—I say his, l>ecause bis name Is the only one attaches- was not offsred as an of oisseat from tbeNay, 1.SrcAar and others oalled Mr. Haixstt to them, and had cast him away to harmonise the Con-Mr. order, SAri.sBtTaT, Delaware,expressionnessee, called for a division of the question on eachThe question was first put on the first resotutlon ofthe majority report, admitUng the original delegates from MUslslppl, which was carried nearly unani- mously, the only negative votes being two from Penn- sylvania and one-half from Iowa. A half vote froig ] K?««acbusette declined to vote.CaptRrWniai, ef JfSw-Yori-Misaljslppi having been admitted to seats, I move they be admitted at osca.Northern and the Southern Democracy. Never the Democracy had formerly done for theSouth,Cries of""no," and""nay,in God's name what is tbe Union itself? Tbe last broken ; religious aasoclations have fulen to pieces ;wars and dlssen- tians have disseminated thonselves through tbe do-ship, and having voted for twenty years, he announced to this Convention that If he lived tlli the next Presidential election he should vote for thenow and thenexactly likePro and AntlSUratyNo," C^it. Riisxaa—Wyes,"ell, 1 don't care whstber you callaye or nay, I make the motion.Mr. Coch&ahs, of New-York, raised the point ofparties have fallen to pieces\and gone to destruction was proud to find by his side many delegates It has been spent thus :—met at at 10, had a row, ad- matlcaUy conslderod, JoBii Oiia»oa»,the mUdeslofand mln, and now the link Ij^ween the Northern and from Teoneesee actuated by the same feelings. to 9 met at 6, had two rows, adjourned criUcs, would be compeUad to make fight Of thewhether tbe Chair would issue tickets to admit the Mississippi delegates.A vote was then taken on the second resolution of pire State cow doing? Hesitating about the admissionbeststylesofM&iyiuid, 2K aye, iii nay.but a an Individual. vention "put up" all their money prescriptive fight againston the back of ttielraye, 13 nay. Tennessee, 2 aye, 10 nay.ciple,been a Democrat from the time he drew milk from his mother's breast [Laughter.] He should neverdesert the Democratic Party. A. Smith, of Calitonila, tooknays..and vass under the yoke. [Applause.] The dele- 'tne floor-could not his Democracy dated back to a time ofresolu- majority report, admitting Mr. Hui»ma«gales'was as as the purewhich"then takenonthethirdallbe intimated waaat the scene of iateres'. expectedLady'vote, and pro- delegates refuse to take theircast the whole (or a divisionpropo-The President declared the resolution divisible. The question was then taken on the three severalhere afriend to that man whose friends are this daysacrifice hlin, as I view U. [Laughter.] Andsooner see him elevated to the Preriacncy than any from which he was speaking.andwas cheerless. To be sure, the coscbmen- thiee it ii welcomedto the crowds of appUudiogsmiimg- gently butif either set ofseaU, the others shall be entitled to vote of the Slate.Loud dies of and .much excitement, with order, duringturbidsfreams,igivesvidingMr. SACLssiEi. ofof this resoluUoD, so as to take a vote on earh 1 Uon contained therein.first, on tbe admission of the Delegatai ; second, on the adaissiOD of the Hooperbewould inorder. proceedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069THE BUEH OF FIHALrSPolicemen were ef no account al all.ncis.ofPhlUdelphia. jPpear on .Monday.:proposltioiu UindmanMr. SHHB.wben order wasoriginal delega- called for the previous question.action of theThe President announced that be was about toMr. SxwAXS, of raised a of Georgia, pointsuch direc'lons to the Sergeant-at-Arms.Tbb PaiainiHT—The Chafr has kept the time them. The noise wasii^eliiii eauaed by the eavtM-order that the motion In order is on tbe adoption of tberesolutionsThe President decided that the previous questionNew-York and Pennsylvania delefatloBa. It waa ment. He raiaed the point of order that the prsvioas Chairman. I mean to have my 20 minutes—sn hon- delegation had alwaya been rotten, aad It wtm noalready adopted as a whole.motion to reconsider the vote re- specting me was made by the gentleman fromcomplete, Irradlcable,delegationof Ore-gotbamai.already adopted by the Convention were under the operationparticipateticketa,of the nominee opcned and proceeded to hearof motions to reconsider andchair could not know whether the (Convention would lay the motion to reconsider on tbe table. He did not, therefore, consider tbe gentleman from Massa- chusetts yet excluded firom the Convention.Mr. CflvacH raised a point of order that he hadA Void—Oh, let them cheer treachery and disun- ion to their heart's contentThe excitement and confusion was with difficulty checked by the Chair.honorable efforts to obviate its neceaalty. In additionTHX MAJOEITT BIPOST.This document as you may know, la tha reporllbnaThe South would never follow a Black RepublicanPresident and a saetionalized Democracy. He con- tlon, and who report that belief to the Cooveatlan.called for tbe previous bate waa in oner.TheMr. Hauitt an>ealed to Mr. Chdeou to withdrawhis call for tbeprevious question.of North Carolina—The author of thetinned to argue forcibly in favor of remaining by the National Democratle organization.imtil be was taken suddenlyill, andcompelledtoyieldthefloor.Tha Chairman of the Committeepraaaated Iha raport,President so de<dded.to tbe facta which' on the ha destred appear record,Mr. HiLBT, of Pennsylvaida, moved to adjourn, Lost-t—18)4 to 210)4. '^is aInchesinheight Hehasgoodabllltliia,afiaaaloaa- Uon, and stnmg logical power. Bat be la la^. TbaqtieitloD,and therefore no de-who baa loudvoice,wasrequestedtoraadit Kaim,ofNoitbMr.Cincinnati Platform is surely entitled to be heard Invote on the previous ques-AvixT,war.Mr. CassKA, of Pennsylvania—I raised the point ofMr. MorvATT, of Virginia, itated the reason why hedid not withdraw from the Convention. He was ap-pointed at a District Convention tt> which he owes al-legiance. They elected him to come here, not to go vention be.ing.previous question, it was ordered, and tne resolution admitting the Charleston delegates from Georgia adopted. plewho are national, not sectional—to the promoteorder that even for one night tbe position of one dele-gate St least should not be misunderstood, he desiredto say, that while he was ready to follow his colleaguealmost anywhere, he was not ready to follow any one conceived and most admlrsbly executed docooaeatsbyS,.i^!i'! ^'.iff.I ?' ",^Jfil ri Sf." •"".with a tragedy of blood.-be saStaSSSTcS^J^SS"^"*'^"at Ukaadock's. legswaat wiggla-wagglaknanmA-Georgiacanscreaming, yelllog, erjfai' loarlng. Some of them jumped out of^Uia wlatowa,;been en- Thla ac- '»«»»*•"naysperfoimanee of which It badwlttb bcaeroIeBt Inteat, wa ianailaliiSlproceed-ayes I03,naysl49, New-York voting In the amidst applause.A LOCD (aiasHwascalled towarm skirmish took place. floor to Mr. Lahsii, of North Carolina, who an-understaadli^ly,Mr. IIaixxtt desired toto theofHe was a delegate regularnr appoicted, and being de- tained by sickness in his family, had requested Mr.Yes,yes."UMr. Gauuiih, of Georgia, took the floor and repeat- ed bis speech in favor of the Slave-trade delivered at Charleston.Massachusetts, stated that some destred to retire for consul-speakpointorder.outoforder. So wasthis the frequentlyi the sick chamber of his papersforthatpurpose \probablythe Convention, and bring them to ahappyresult.of Deiegateaawarded the floor to Mr. Hauitt.HE HALLXT'8 SPgSOH.I Shall detain the Conventien very briefly with thevery few words I have to say, and I will addressent refrain from voting, reserving themsilves the as a onUnion If now tbelandof whowillmaintaintheirto 10, and that's the wbole of ItPossibly your imaglnatton will be somewhat ex-it may be said in a word, that whatever in tt latogether. [Loud applause.] you strike the blow that is to sever that link, then God only knows what is to follow. Now how can you avert such a catastrophe as that? Is It nothing toJaoesom,He referred to the action of the State Convention ofplayam about to go out of this political contest I doubt if 1 shall feel any dlipoBlUon to eome In agam after 1 leave tills hall ; but you, young men, are coming for- ward, and where Is your heritage? This great and glorious Union-this empire of Democ-Where is the wisdom of the Empire thatgree.opinions coLceming indlvldualR,the greatMr. of SrvABT,might object te what be sbonld say kaawwall hisnmeoT. Bedidnalknowwhatwaatbao«eof Mr. CocBiAiiB moved that when tbe Convention ad- language If It was not used plainly, noilesa It abonld journs It be till 7 o'clock. be only as some writer had expteaawl It, to eoooaal A vote by Statea was demanded on Mr. CooaaAiix's ?*,5!*.?*TM"""»"'- '« hlaualf, be waa la theNays. Mr.CiSBKAcalledfortheconsiderationofthemo-Moonr kirn thmSaSb br a fo^T^and to lay those motions on the tatue.Mr. VAKDiroaD, of Maryland, moved that whentheConventionadjournsitbesinsiit. Declaredout or order.The question was then put first on tbe motion to lay on tbe table the motion to reconilder tlie vote by which tbe mlnoilly report of Mr. STsvaifs, of Oregon, was rejected and the Convention refused to lay tha motion of reronslderetlon on the table by a vote of 113)4 to 138)4.New-Yorkvoting"No"amidstmost Intense excitementMr. CoCBBABB then rapidly put the motion for a re- eeti till 7 o'clock, which waa carried amtdst the ooo- ttemation ot tbe sorthwedera bmb and the revivingof the South.KTisua BIMIOS.Bia bat waa laaihad oraBr 1Ua ayeaa for the floortook Congressional straggleUdeareT^ posas loya. Deere* laof and Gobhah, of Minnesota, all riilnrThe floor was given to Mr. Saclssuxt, who correct-ed the vote of Delaware as reported In the eveningpapers. Tbey were represented as voting for the ad- from delegate,him toro-of thedid not to vote, but voted for tne admission of the originaldelegates.Mr. CissRA next obtained the floor, and moved theprevious quesUon on the motion pending, which tion, and in the presence of ladies. He hoped allmissionSoule delegates from Louisiana. "TheyMr. CX885A moved to fneeed to iaUot/or eandUate* for Prttidtta and Vice-Prtndent of tkt United Statu,others climbed over the bulwark intowLile the vast msjority of thess makad towarda tbaiMr. RcBMu. continuedbadafter mature determination, and after exhausdng aUto state that tbe delegates to whom were just orderedvery Dale man, about tve foat aiae Mr. of consent would report bears Internal evidence of this fact It laticketstohe someofthemat least,wouldnot Issued,joininthedeliberationsoftheConvention. Forthe rest the reasons that induced them to take this im- portant step would be rendered to their constituents, and they only had to bid the Convention a respecta- ble adieu.Twenty-four delegates from Vfrgtnla then with- drew from the Convention leaving six remaining.Mr. CxsiHA called for ation on his motion to proceed to a ballotof aof the Delegation from that State, desired to say that circumstances had arisen which make it doubtful InkMr.Calsvxix,partportionbean foond far once In waa cfrculatad order,one of the series in aprogiess of return of this Con- nominate a candidate acceptable to all the Union, Mr. of Ci.AuoaBi, Missouri,becameaduty on theus all Into tba beat ofnot even excepting the aeceders, who lat In the dieaa cfrcle. Afteranothergrandtusaleatthedooraboutmade anvention to that state of harmony and cooperation, and this appeared now to be doubtful, in speech In favor of Dodslas, and advocated his claims alter it prior to this moming's aesalon.which must t>e brought atxrat here, or we separate view of the process of disintegration which had as a natloaal Democrat and gallant leader. With Evciy thing plvola on New-York. I telegraahad with the certainty of defeat meeting us as we pass been going on. Tiiey did not wish to re- hiraa at the head of thefr ticket ne had no fear for the you last night the result of her dellberatloas, aaa bartheir patriotism and the flls- criminatlng Justice of the American people. That is thesentimentwithwegobeforethecountry thatparts andboth, never will you achieve a rictory without Ittheywhose seasoB of six nights Is bueaiibly expai>dlB( Hk*severed fromyou aye now on tbeless to decline further action with the without joining any sece^in^ body.yourverv vA"eeightand aboutConvention, !Il7. "aLkxi, Cf Tcnuessee, was a member of thegave a very strongly Southern audiesea the hiaifll of"the South-aide vtew" of an Oetosoon ta Mr. Jah-isoB'i play of "The Old Plantatioii.'' Jirraaica DAvishlmselfconIdnotquarrelwttb the senHmeaits of tbll play, which are put up in neat cartridges of dialogue and fired point-blank at the audience evarrConventionSouthern States,;Nay, what is the Democratic party of this nation ?Conventiontwenty Baltimore years ago.todenti Inside aid Oatiide.Tbe Doingg and Sayings of Tharsday.Frem Our Special OamipaBdiat.for consultation. Leave wasAt this point the Soule Delegation from LouisianaLoud cries of Order."] States had principles. [ 'been disfranchised by the adoption of the unit rule until it becomes inconsistent with honor to remain. Cherishing with warm remembrance tne good deedsTBI evening, fare tbae wel]. HOWARD.;to the principle upon which we have carried snceess-tully Democratic elections throughout this countryIn thirteen out of the fifteen Presidential electionswhich have baopened since the first election of gates from Maryland, desired to say they could no himself in Ihe hands of his friends. Thomas JirriBSOif. The Democratic flag has wavedantered the hall amidst applause and took seats.Mr. JoHKBOR, orMao'lBnd,onthe part of six dele-been sent to Mr. Docolab from friends here, exhort- ing hlm not to embarrass their action, but to leavelonger act with a Convention that preferred a man toThere is on Monoment-sqaare speakingThmaday night We ealigranted.Hooii, Baltimobx, Friday,mestic, literary, political] and religious circle, nominee of this Convention. [Loud applause, ] He This is the fourth day of the second session, and With the fonn and sequence of the drama, dia-S.*.i.'*T.. *•?;.,."that, acdltaiy,£Sim.hiYmSw'asrm.SaoSSsS5^^h»^d «ovlegm^edtoickTbe Convention eaane to ordar at(WiBoaMand aU ^boxesheahooldoauthem waaloatftOBnrfaae,bewaanottaba»Pok« of thetions to reconsider the several propoalHoaa adopted, he should aall them by their names. Ha vraa aoco*^ drmkaa indMdiial was aeea wb~ "•"" ff^gas-lamps, w?S?«2.'lKi"J?°»«'f*''.*».^« thought approflri-ten mlaatesni^Sii^5fenot be used when the Indulgence of the Convention"till 10 to-morrew.Mr. DosoLAS baa telegraphed here to modify thegrotmd.formto -ao .'ear that the Convention will nominateproceededWhen the Convention adjournedut iH o'clock that theupon tbe stage,the " Old Plantation" was a success.wLo cannot indorse the Cincinnatithat while the Ikiuth had originally pretended to bolt onpresentplause-J "Then what must you do ? Make a no;nina- Party. ILoud laughter.) Yes, he repeated it the awoke, the sun was obscured byown States. will never sit here to Theyof Heaven. Californi* stood here with a canopy 1might haveanyman and to tlie Party ? 1 standstabbed by an assassin now grinning on this floor.in toneiM,graceand at it nightly by-other man in the nation, if It could be donewith the Severaldelegatespartsof tbe"Japs" coa««at.is liuleaamag.lean make no further appeal upoii thisissue. Idesiretoleavebehindmenowordofindulgencehopedilr PBXBinnii:opened,was intense.whichof this ? great questloxever mind to go out? Consequently, when tbe doore"°^^'/J'^ V. SrcASt snd Mr. jraanr-Al Wallark'i tbe FLoaasca*persoiniabout to1 would which Mr. Shiib continued standing ou a settee, thingthe air was chilly,every- NixoB'scompanyfull scopesaid it v.-aa warnings upon thit CoorentlOB, with no feeling the most citraordirary thing possible ll^at everjbitterness, no sentence of unklndness.I these pressrestored,Untitled Document:andpitriotlc sentiments, which, describing the great occasion, would find themselves In type before said occasionthemof l'iic'< Tim was acted by Mr Ja«so> with aarlv-aled felicity. Save for a quite superflaoaa fiub ofalliterative sentences, glowing periodswe have before seendisplayed.part"the platform, they had no sooner gone out tlian they look place, w bile the vest mass of humanity who are something aadly like blasphelBy in thaaaeokdactgenuineHe boasted m the course of hla remarks that he had favorite candidate, blufling tbe world out of tbe most stilutlon," woold be altogether commandable. MiaatheWOBLO WAS I'P lARLT.out Ita few biliUes of an elevated order with genuine artisticand breakfast was swallowed hastily, in order that"So, too. Is Mr. Tbohtsob's traTestr of tbejollv rascals.natives, among whose massesare to be seen Islanded here and there,that you can fe the point)rteS5te.i-^-5t^"^''/,*'^«*^*»^'«'"»oapolnt of or- mencfrig wia anonOregon, in appropriate remarks,sweet and music,of the Democratlehis constituents vronld stand by the Natioiial Demo- cratic Party, whoever might dasert ItParty,and a of large majoritytreloqaentlag hlm, 1,ttit' if i^,be waa none other ttaa oar fiiaaA aad liiiilbai.«_,._« had~aSi^ " 1^^. gUadlala.lo^se." iprajetwasoffered by Rev. Dr.say "that these be troubiouaLord 'and no bandour children tUs great Damocrattc Fart*.loDK conserved our Thou canat see, oh, Lordbearing the cry of murder, and ibebecame noUelng jumped up and down, and in a thouaaadpell-mellandrash,tention of the audience, sueoaedad inbut Mr. the Piuia,ReadlBg Clerk,a Wa,Carolina,ahould have had....ij th.S^a.d pro.gre.. .«al-«Lata»'Pollce~Di^toSit,lrto(acUona to wttb aa agreegivenThe first businessrepoits from the Credential Commltta*.Secretary was arranging his pape'rs and prapadM to read, the audience settled down Into parfairtSaSe* and all seemed to feel that tbe boor of Inaiment hsd arrived. held it towards the suddenlybut ttaoee 1bcognized the three qnallficationi above Baanaaad, while they failed to remember the afotenolleed tail-ofHence the weakness of comparativeTBE MntOBITT KSFORTre-tbe paper.rest of the Committee, but was deainied aa anTwo novelties diatractad the attentioD of tbedramatic world onnovelties, because they are both ao old thatspeeches in Congiess.true is not new, and that whatever Is new is not true.must come of themand as the text Is by no mean*of thegro, bom under tbe patriarchal slda of tbe ta-Srxvaas waa absorbed and earnest, as ihe always ta.The play Isslight to need or bear dissection. Itmaa, graad frightened, fainted away,it is said, is to be•"^jifJ^ *•; www.fultonhistory.com 