 •Itsiied day,bymajoritylast Tues-mental energy of the country into poiiticai channels.'fall in vain;and it will be enough lor all long cher- eral to prosecute for back tolls. But. as it Is under- the Mississippi and under the Southern cross, and is Rev. Mr. Goszitvis delivered a lengthened ad-.April'—thought and feeling of this great andpaid tooftbe UnitedvHEVSBTTULEGRAPE onNaw-T«lkfor|0UtX\«H eeitpramlom.enactinfelause. Onthtohiotlon,the dtaeussionOaxetaagiScBocnts.Sight ExcbaAgfeFROM ALBANY.which folloved*18tfi MygtUnip.; Coite^It had not beenand If she is aty. 'CoQ&eilmen.ceedings for the collection ofdamands against vessels.The following blU was ordered to a thud reading.ToAinfirmtheresolutionoftheNew-YorkCom- asumtotaloffl.OUO.l-0. Thatinconsiderationof(and I must say there Is less of tnls narrowthan feelingmight have been expected,) there never has been the sUghtest indication of It in reference to Mr,breachedpromise—they sbonnrtake a dtflsnat.trouble. "^judgment.'jKunxruas AUtASAO—rsia sat.,HcpnbUcan,3.^I»yino.ofsuchwomenaschooseto laa< room ol a < complain"•UtDUtilet.Johnsou,;onlyinterest, these alternately playful,J£Sgiven,signdwta!*Rep. ^prescribed limits to the controversy, the kindleelmg which tempered the ridicule, the sound sensewhich cliastened the pleasantry, and above all, that """'"S.'^L. T' *^*»' ^^ *'°^'*' of thecoioatcTicvT sxiBcnoif.the bill incidentally, and theRepublican Party beinghisbad thatthe•pabllcaa. Nnr-HiTW,Tuesday,April3.lettnos show the electJea of BoCK-CorrOH—Sales eailtr,butquotatloaaunchanged.bales.PnceaTke Slaop SprayTHS CSINAHAN OOKUITTEO.The examination of the Chinamaa wasiKd the Sea&ton, 13 Repabllcaiu to 7 'On*Dlitr<ctIsdonbtfdl,; bland Railroad, IHi: Pennsylvania Railroad, 30r..;;;wasunfeeltogto assist in robbing a women of name,simplybecausesomepersonscouldbe&-_ who were ready to swear her a bad womaa.Hunoak, Tuesday, Ajirll 3—2 P. JC All the reWrns reorfved to-day cflDtinae to favor •e lUpakUcans. TMy elect their State ticket by absat 1,0*0 Totea, aad have a larce majority in botht>]/,nola, Truman, Warner— IS.NAts-Mewrs. Abell, Ferry, Fiero. Goss. KetcbamLaphnm. McGraw, Monroe, Klchmocd, Sobsrt»oo,B"- 8iun>—11.Ajei— ftepublicans, 10; Democrats, 8. >»yB-Kepubhc?tft,ll.\the diseriminattog andyour distinguished feUow citizen, inspired bT.ttieand asitcd that Jacealow be committed to tbeso many thousands u Mr. Saaw tata- Bstely possesses, conld eisUy tnd scores ofcustody persons.'fertMkaaofthe I/egblatuj^. OBHTOSS ELBCTBD.Vke N«w-HBT«a^J(»Tm2 clalos tlie election of 12approvine Countyaudience. Itis,inoeed,fitiing.Sir,thateveryoirtof "P5*tbecharges—first,ofmurder;world lia'Xcpoblicaa Benaton, with the TWrd, •d'Twenaeth BUtricts to hoar from. IMIestk the elecllon of the foUowlsg :.Seventeenth In returnsThe Annaal Appropriation Passed by vote tbe unless it Is to materially amend- against bill,favorite Inhis first productions were mainly-one of them ex.D'".,- M, Stoughton. Rep. ; sib, BaWwui, Pern., (gala ,) ,6th,hands, to excite a localr, .h. r^^--, Th?nro..,^!^i^'*i^f"''i^ mnr,P.?h»?ii?"r<«aL«lark, iSan.TeSlto,' Dem., (gain ;) 7i'x, Btewsier, Kep. -SIKjSd (iaJn) »th, Oti., Rej..; lOlb, WioBlo«f,- t»Sr^- I.^h, WlW<n.n; Kep.n2Lh, CurUa, Rep.;,»,», }-n».swell Rep.;Mtfi, Payne,Rep.;15tb,happv were as^r maMy-wfUlatfiT l»ih, ftatt. Rep., (fc&iu ;> 21«. LUlle, Rep.ean Senators will turn on other votes toThe they can secure votes for some measures of local importance to themselves, by young tUewaywneu the final vote is taken, they will declare the t^"""anaau af aElecUaBS. At SUU&i, NIW-YORK.Commissioner Veooh liminary examination, it wasaiBBlelpMpropositions,to raise the compensation for tolls to (1,300,- 000, and to remore the restrictions on the fare of the Central Road. The Assembly Committee decline this, and insist on their own bill imposing tolls, or onthe repeal of the law removing the tolls. SENATE.agatnbtthebill, or by keeping out ofverylittlefLHisA, Tuesday, April I. '•At&echaxter election here, to day, the Denro-outset, throughoutout i prima facie case points.;he would,however,heartherespectsentiment, and tmakes an e&xt to paniah tbt jwa•'^lau alyetod neatly their entire ticket.ol "47 was aby eminent men of tbe party, and that the partyno light to make such radical caaages In so abort a time.nm tlM liA of ao courageous a proeeedlng—loasiof oharaetar. A asaaAT BCBXSBCTACT, BEW-TOBK. S«anicTai>T, Tuesday, April 3.out his career.Therenever was a from his day,Mr. VooEHiES protested against this decision of the Commissioner, and proceeded to make the best usehecouldnfthethoiltles In support of his moUqa for the discharge of the pilsoner.•Mr. C .T»0B did not anticipate any argument in thewith a million of dollars can easily find aa" "earlyT. PoiTKB, Bepublican, was toKlay l^tayor, by 4M majority orer the Democratictwo sessions in the third of Dills, reading•ty.'a«on. If from that remoteness of localBBW^miIn all such coses a dallied,—few of them missAT roan.Aio), xaihk.BosToa, Tuesday, Aprilbills were referred back withtendent of Public Instruction. \Mr. FuoLiB, from toe Conference Committee, re-that the two bodies had had severalported ^meetings, the final one having ended that morning.—il fromfeelings of state or sectionalinnocent fUrtatioa, eveiT of pure women, ware snbalttal3. 'Tta mnuicipal election at Portland, to-day rc-Theto report complete.powedreds of thousands "the election of Josxtb Howaks, Democrat,sioner was satisfied thtit a prima facie case had been made out, tben be asked that the prisoner be commit- ted on the three charges nomed. He cited authori- ties showing that the United States has concurrent ju- risdiction In all crimes committed Incape branding!nttjnn 48 majori- lor nyor, over J» Jiimi, Republican, byThe Senate proposed to the House Committee thatThe Democrats alho elected fouroutof these *- «D -Aldermen, and twelve out ofMbe twenty-oiieCentral Railroad should be required w pay acommu-or birth orresidence have crept Inw onr llteratare,ofbut It seems too much to give to naarlaeiitedAT TOLKOO, OHIO.TouiT)©, Tuesday, Aprils.'At the municipal election yesterday the Central Re- >;yrtiiean ticket, with the exception of one Councll-mon Council, proTldlng for the extension of a pier on the south side of pier No. 1, North rivet.this payment, the Central should be permitted toAc., where the tide ebbs and flows. Ccmmipaloner Veoom decided thatbad been made out on the firstonilly, that the evidence disclosed the fact that the crime was committed between New-York and Nor- walk Islnnd, and consequently within the jurisdiction of the Ublted States Courts wasnotconsummateduntilbis arrival at•nd consequently was clearly within tbe limits of the United States Court, jand one •Mttnge majorities of 170.was electedfour and that the other roads named *hehimliterary efforU, and followed. »»«,oneAsMsaorConstable,byInSenate bill shouldthrough life, as not lessthird, that tfle Bamegat,AT' XU-WArKXE, WIBCONSIS. MrLWACKXa, Tuesday, April 3.searchingforstolenpropertyorcriminals,shall notmakingin all $1,301,000.natonality of the purest and noblestWssUragontb and Soathwestera Mall... J Kast for Ballmed.„ aa* Ialso elect their Comptfoiler and City At He Republicans elect their Treasurer, byIof 1851, releasing Second—Restore and put in force all acts repealedtoney..Acs 3IXkM> 400 majority.at' CIKCI.N'.VATI, OHIO.Cracnrai.n, Tuesday, April 3.Marine Temperance Society* 'signed for It ahoald b aaAsA—ThelUlillj Ttie Opposition elected their Mayor, Mar- ^to^, and ftre Cooncllmen, and the Democrats one Counctlmanandthei>alanceofthecityofficers.,original blll, imposing..... rr,,.-Richabhsos, who is tbe Presi-On the conclusion of the religions exercises by whtchthe were Mr. J.H. the proceedings begun, Beowxlow,Secretary, read his annual report. From this docu-mTmicipalelection yesterday passed offJIdenouncementand who were to consider his case aga'n yester-that he has discouuteminced the radicals, bnt that if the Republicans are attacked tbey will de-year previous occupy Senators for a couple of hours. the classics of our langusge were not republished on year. The acgregate of members is now no less than.-to leave;The blU to Mithorlze the incorporation of the Fine the Committee had been raiscu. This was enough to nothing. Books we got only by importation even was 1,143, beir.g an increase of 80 on the ;flicned bygreatryMar. 31. .Liverpool,April I ...HHaaabbuurrgg. .April 3. ...Havre.April 4 UverpeadApril 4....LiTerp«aiApril 7 Li verpool ..... Boalnsi-41an, was maltreated, and bis daughter insulted with gross language. Mr. Clat concludes as follows :leaves the other roads free. " comparativelySocieties in funre mustFeniisylTanla Ijeeialatiire.circumstances, printed vear, you will see the difficulty of making any fair estimate the darkest hour which preceded the dawn ofKT.by proxy was taken from the table on the mo- Whereupon, Mr. Fuglik, from the Committee on Ways and Means, reported a bill repealing the act ofsnatching from the fiery fangs of that hydra-headed monster, intemperance, all those who could be induc-John Bell Arabia BavariaCODSTT,Lomsvnj 1, Tuesday, April 3.votingtion of Mr. McQdadx, and the bill was then read a '51. the same as had been submitted to the Senate in many respects they did wonders. Thecommunityed to listen to itsteacliingsand'signthearticles' of.New-Tork.;shrewd andwelcomed In Boston, Inpromptly and Philadelphia, In Baltimorewas life, bringmaking up his mind tint bisan' Hon. Cassius U; Clat publishes to-day ap- third time and lost by a vote of 45 to 46,Committee. This was received. Immediately con- sidered in Committee of the Whole, reported to thecould not beexpected to keep Itself ou couronrwlth total abstlneace." Tbe Denefits of the Society, it tdarnigaatircoo '...tottie people of Madison County against the rer- mlnttonary Conimittee oi that County, from whom hetbe intellectual progress of Europe. Controlling cir- continued to say, had been extended to men of every Niagara and ordered to a third a vote of. cvmstances in the Revolutionary —I mean from clime, its certifif;ates of mem- Persia•peaiThe bill to provide that the expenses in renditioncases shall be paid by the county where the oBeT<ce is 73 to a few rcattering negatives.8th,talent,.Fir«r—Repealand recommitted |it to a Conference Committee. cealed in the bill, there could be no objection to theII.IIjtions from voting by proxy was called up, read and! charged with immense quantities of sugar of lead, a ,which did far more to affectthe health of the tidies than the colds they caught at the.TUESDAY, AprU 3. Cleuadi7ae Committeethe bill, wliich the HouseIn histo the meridian.reportedtadopted. The bill to incorporate the South PittsburghproposedComptroller of New-York favored the Seventh sec-The bill for tbeThe Select Comm'.ttce on the amendments to t'laCharter wiil report the bill complete whenever order if liiisicess is reached, Ttic b'U agreed UDon Is substantially that presented by Mr. Coopsa. The-CoaJ Company was passed over the Governor's veto.3b. PAuaa, Opposition, of Schuylkill County, was tion, and tlieAfter addresses to the samedown at length with uncloudeii beams to the gniden ^Euiorand Rev. Dr. Maesh, and the signing of theSteamerssan. Foster, Baltimore, tr. oucellI tpeakei of the Senate for the next term.thatwest. His fame and ills favor with thepledgey hsT* adjourned tiiu He,viottsiy signed by the Governor.1- . ISK ia3UHSmd& as a BWIXDUHO liCFOS-TUBE. Nzw-Ou.aAS8,TQad*y,AprU3. <Boa favored the bill.The motion to recommit was^iat»Ch»MimCt>ela.and thrill waspresenting the report of the Conference Com- but it looks as though it would not get votes enoughSalk of ruf. Evgr.ETT HocsE Properit.—Thathas spread to the Pacific ocean. The most popular section of the Everett House property which formed CbaseThe Appro-strengthenedwitli theof thetliCJ. L. St. Bale, Graves,John.MoMrsnarM ea«r bat 81gM Bzchaniamade to reeemmtt, with InattQeliaos to strike out ttte\he sat^wa there were fieqoeat callafor Mr.EnaanhlssM.SohebMrtandso hedld.Tbaaa paaKn-kawr mm* IbttsWilsr^riMlbv-r^t Kan:FUIadelphla Stock epnetaitatwet«taj«d142BepnWcuuto89 Stocksateadv.PennsylvaniaStateFives,93Jnot eulogium oltJoaptetedoesbelongtocon-thU note wlU not entariato arte-breachofpromise,"butitseen*i-for florernor, by HI m^jodty-attempt the On other occasion,, and in other {!''"Si^''w. i^i'?* ';''"i'm wa. syilsiddenedby ing my voice to the nnar,>mouB expression of re jiect-cluded yesterday, at JerseyCity. G. 8. Cawho!i,fence— 18all 12That the Erie road should pay a commutation of ?2-iO,000,». Sight GXCHAXGK on New-York rates rednced to— took a wide range„. ,_^ CanASo, Taesday, AptUSBd the ohaplet whlph yon rerefently placeamTmca—noted for itaReading Railroad. 21 5i :Noes, 11a» followsPassageof the Hetropolitan FoUco BOl in die ScoatOi^States Marshal, and keptIf there Uanything In tUsbewaU her eUateBoe. It .-taThe stricken outclauses of thefollowinging the following sectionsthe actrailroads from the payment of tolls.the act of 1851.TAirii-Imposing the same tolls on the entire lengthGrand Newarlt.on the threeLwto Latlaat <».enacting ::Jthe tarlousJuryfollowingmittedtheprleoner committed the crime. If the Commis- to the nicest legal criUclsm." Hoi^iuny wooldto-day bales,Moaiu, Monday, Aorll -i.it wasvery evident that the opposition was not all inratn. —C«nio» Salesto-day2,000bales,atlOcSlOic.'"New-Eoglaiid-for1Know tberesolutionswereadopted,andthemeetingwnal ezenseiforagniltywife,notlongago,aacaoIter Middling. CBAausroif. Monday. April 2.to set aside designatedto-day3,200with Republicans,Messrs.Mauhuuki besaidoruttered,inhonoroftnfeTragedy;Market. PmiAaaLPBiA, Tuesday. Aprilme in this to prejence^<ouisMorrl. Cana^, M^ onNew-Yorkatpar.;Long stAaTnBdian—gAyes,msubmit,hlarecentloss.Iclaimvhemournfulpri.il.neofioiri- Esq.,theUnitedStatesDistrict-Attorney,havingre-the House.DEFEAT OF THE PROXY BILL.destroyherents. On the other hand it is said that '.here t»o orthree Democrats (of the T»raininy Kill kind)proof juricdiction"'""">''» "-e St*" attempted to makeoutthatAuAjrr,Tuesday,AprilThe CAnierence Committee of the Senate anddisagree.one of""=proven thatamurder had been-whichisit. the lawqualitiesequally attractive in every part ol the country, and they secured for him, from the theUnion, the same wMch popularitypre- only necessary to make<oppo- sing counsel could be satisfactorily disposed of. Commissioner Vaooa was slttbagbere, first, simply as a magistrate, to ascrtaln if a crime had lieen com-anyeasev—on the Railroad Toll billum.i.u»»due<r!jecdu cut short the effort of counselAssemblySenate Committee offer yatloua" touch of nature which makes tbe whole worldshone out in every page of tbe sportive creations oitbeyouthful humorist These were that were toreview the evidence on the ground that, in aAxBAjrr, Tuesday, April;3. The morning proceedings were devoid of interestofbut itHe denounced this as aaside theand infamous fraud on the City of New-Y'ork."gross ot those w ho voted aijainst the Toll bill will vote for- press, appeared In England In 1701. and was not re- brandies bought in bond" were not the purer onmm^.wBPtKCB oropposiHon amongCOROR—Salea 260 at unchanged the speakers was mostly from tbe Democratic aido.but .»urc yon, on behalf cf my frienrts from the East, At the MTffiluiton of Mr. EvBXBTT', .peech, which appeared this morning its remaikc apon2 V cent, for conency and ^ V cent, for gold.brought directly under review. Tbegrave, you_ MoBiu, Saturday, March 31.' '*if,!i,l''5t^t!P,!'^"=*' ^l*' "'"> much pleasure, tojudgments.the seventh section as aCounsel, GbsemiiC Baox- soN, had stated the Washington Market judgmentswere good and valid.;Vulcan, Konison, Pbiladel-CorporationFbiladelpbla, F. Perkins;3..,, itTo alwllsh the New-Tork Almshouse Department.To Incorporate the New-Tork Dyckman Library.To amend the revised statutes relative to the pro- the Senate bill should be so ameuJed as tliAt theNotbought villain's Ue? I like not vnSgiwItaaMSircharge whatever raUt nf fare the Company thought The Metropolitan Potlee bill was passed. Ayes, yroprr to enforce. [This is a little more turkey to tbeJ^'"'West, the North and the 1 popul&ty. I own. universal whichpointfor murdersec-;she seeks forredress.A WOKAir.—Democrats 9.licans 3, (Messrs. Hiixaocsi!, Paossia and TacHAa.)Absent, Messrs. Mamssu and Wiluaus.The 28th section was amended so that policemenin serving warrants or entering dwelHngs, wtuiepossess more power than is conferred by the commonat, was elected Mayor, by 1,0C0 maiorlty. The stoners the Excise Commissioners was stricken out. ttepioposed to advise the passage of an act contain-11Republicans;Nays,Repub-Cenual than the original bill proposed to g"e.]Sir, that I look upon thiscrowned Mr. lavmo's powerThis proposition was non-concurred in byAt the municipal electioD, to-day, Lynsi, Dem. law. The section constituting the Police Commls- by the House Committee. Then the House Commlt- outs,—a reading and a thinking,—but also a sensitiveThe prisoner was then committed to thethe United States to be Deputy Marshal,A. M. aadLFor the appointment of three appraisers in each cotmty through which the canals pass.To enable the husl>and or wife to be a witness in certain casts."OrarlaDd. atf li. ^Relative to fines collected in Courts of Special Ses- the election held yesterday for city and ward sions.any portionof the',AtmBeen, the Democaats elected their entire ticket by am. aTaiage majority of 1U0. The Democrats elect alne Councilmen and the Republicans eight.AT OCBVQCE, IOWA.DuECQUi, Iowa, Tuesday, April 3.The new City Hall bill was recommitted, that par-perance Society of the Port of New-York," held Iteat 11 o'clock.war of tbe Revolution, not equaling that of the present day, your impe-Adjourned. ASSEMBLY.,__.-„tolls on railroads. This re-W'men. Cant. EpwabsAiBAST, Tuesday, April 3. H.H,VahDTCKjwaselected Superintendentofthousand inhabitants when Mr. lavisowas born,— there never was a period in our history when litera- ture stood at so low anebb. Theliteraryculture which odr fathers brought from Europe was mostly of aKUD*. CanadaPublic Insti uctlon.'<Ck8BT1I8 M. CLAT ABD THE FXOFLE OF UADISOB The bill to prevent RaUroad stockholders from to, and of course went back to the mover.Jnra...^ of'TlieKeatnckyTronblea.theological character, and as far as general lite- rature was concerned, there bad been a decline rather . than advasceraent, tbe plofleers of civilizsUon strue- gUng under the difficulties of colonial life,-tbougnment we learn that the Associatitm wasestablishedbills were;and tfiat Influence hasfrom •charges. He was taken to _OaUtnak leaT<a abbe heard.Mr. Rausxt Introduced a bill to provide for submit- Then the two Committees ".agreed to disagree," andliterature when be came for- want of everything that ooiild be called anPepaitai'e af Oceaa Tjtl^,tie!« for and agaiDst mayMr. P. P. MoBPHT dissenting from his coUeagnes.in the Mariner'sChurch, corner of Catharine and Madison streets.The assemblage was rather a meagre one, and of tbeting to the people the prop"osition to abelish the prop- erty qualification clause.The toil question was made the special order forto-morrow,to report that fact to their respective Houses. Mr. FLAQLia so reported all these things—ithese saying and doings—to the House, and on the back of it sub_j_._.,^.,,the proceeolngs were transmitted to the Senate. Then Mr. O. Allsti asked consent to offer aresolu- tloninstructingtheAttorney-Generaltoinstitutepro- ceedings to compel the railroads to nay up the back tolls released by the law of 1851. Tnls was objectedAmerican literature—entitles him to thisNot so much a country as the germ of a country, the entire population of the United States, at the close of theState of New-York at theMessrs. McQcaux, Miilix, HiujnaTOS and Jom- only altera'vions made are some limitations on thenumber of clerks which shall be employed in the sev- eral departraenls.: Fosdick.then passed.Sanitarybill Isreadygoreading,numbei ,whose overflow^OnmitKtfi'Mr. FiAQLSB moved that the House insist onIts original bilU Af;er discussion it was adopted. Mr. O. Alliit offered resolutions authorizing the;o of tlis suiwrdlzuUe t^Scers of the Knight*Ctaclepublishaeard,denouncingGen. Attorney-Generalto'nstituteproceedingsfortesting therebeingtheleastplunder—(."polliicalcapital itiThe partand 100 feet on Fourth-avenue. TheQM CowmajMier-la-Chlef, as an impostor. associate counsel with him for the purpose. Objected am Mi aiiinmd hen, underfta npmi to aad lost.goes to the wall. THE IRTINGLEO. COIHBIEMORAT|ON.ed. unenvled preeminence.was sold subject to a lease held by the present,Maria Jane, Letts- Petersburgh, Van Brunt ASiubt ;of mmarwm b* fainlakad to^ jfuHf'ti ]Uil4>,''wkan te aoah aid landto" observed, two Ume after the property ifor sale thereDolner A Potter.•-...memorywas,un- at thesidesexaminingcandidatesforlicenseto andIbyInnumiiers,meeting,was book!" F.Hatfield,D.D.,Rev.R.A. Thanks to the pen of o'jr acwimplishedSawyerasmdse.andpassenirerstoLudlamkHeineken.wm bo adiSedI wlU be ilna for the bastthe construction of a railroad from Piatbush to the East River, Brooklyn, were moved forward to be re- ported complete.really loved America, " Whoeads an American blyi-.Ministers—Waiter Clarke, D, D., Rev. E.for Savannah. ^Steamship Roanoke, Conch, Richmond, ke., VlftAftS3Lthe oittaMa. Abut In the character of thethe occasion remarkable. The general autiipnce was countryman, the question was soon reversed, and af- and Rev. J. J. Owen. D. D., Rev. W. H. BabDitt, Rev. Steamer Pelican, Aldrtch, ProTidenoe, wtib alaaatapaitanot read an American booli :" Mr. Ibvikg, provided with seats on the stage were Hon. Lciaxa unfa-and Messrs. Charles L. Harp. Hiram C. Littell as alternates.A bill was reported from tbe Committee of Wavs and Hrans to repeal the law of 18SI, removing tolls from the Central RaUroad,agreement, and to;at the'.tm ftimSMBi. Thto iodaced many ti- After heated debate, by force of a two-third vote laipoaing Meettng Academypecial'y of English Letters, Milton centuriesago,that theItalianswerenotforwanitowas offeredArrired.Steamship R. Cuyler, Crocker, Sarannab. withltyetoftbe bill was rushed the Committee of speedily throughthe Wkole. and ordered to a third reading. AlargenumberofbillswerereportedfromSelectCoaaartttees complete.-Oration byGreeae* and Gnlian C. Verplanck.and it was knocked down to him. The salemmrUmnWm.of IiBther Bradlsh, Edwardbestow written encomiums onaai^iM/«h[$]01,C00,and to prevent adulteration of milk..'oaiday, April S.[entneky Iimtti9nMitnte, near franktM, To secure creditors a just division of assigned having a tine laurel plant on either side. The re-entered, rivals.Ipencil of PowMX, and perhaps hardly quite finished,^Jally destroyed by fire oa Friday nigh^te- pmerty.nowned historian is represented sittii;g at the favor- ite window of his library, overlooking the placid Hud- The attitude is one of profound inhides, bark, Ac., to S. r. Joy. _^wUhSnpotetmient'aleaidenfle.paymentMarch 6, with locwood ana coSee to A. BoUker XoUmaa.theToof theClirisloplier Cox,Saaecka, at thccornerofTbirty-first-streetand renth-'*I oSdally announced la Pariiameitt hM,the Pnnce of Wales would not leave l^^at a«>avenue, between 12 and I o'clock yesterday morning, I;todkePriBCBcf WalMt*Oaaad»,'' Qnaaic, Tuesday, ApitriL„_. N.hl» visit toWeatker Report.Hauiax, Tuesday, AprU «.successivelythe cries of Sa-aecka's ieto tbe room, but didnot succeedAmnlca before the 10th of JaJy.,^to bereportedShoiiiy after 7 k o'clock, the housefilled, Mr. BRADisa, the Chairman, commenced !iie exercises.SPEECH OF UK. BRADIgiiMr BEAtirsHsald- Pell<,w.ni«mK«r„ ^t .1,. v„-,to the goal, abreast of *?* most admired of his compe'aiors. It would beairandelej^-to noon. Thermometerprecededpur-S «' aaow last night, four Inches. " "4P,M.—slonbytheirpresence!Wecomethise?eiiigto lay?Ave^inVe\^>'^d\T„c1^?e'."°^eTo"r^^^S^^^^^^^^ neons writings,, he was thrice happy in the Choice of pocket of Mrs. .^!lea, a lady residing at Tubby Hook,sty haiy;thermometer41*,Detectives I'txileRoachyesterdayarrestedHIGHLANDS, April 3-,. _sun-set.—Ha ihward boaadby Tetecmph.m sweet memories of the past, and to do such honor as we can lo one who has so greatly honored himselfof a wslletcontainmg $70, wh'le she was tiding laSANDY HOOK, April t,anaaat.—Steamer Jars (oinX out past tbe Hook, and one bria eoming in over toe Bar.it <t j^asTi ,'?^?S^- Waaat ' WamrV-if-P»0»"S»SStSTM^S^"v'^"»' Ohio St 00New-YorkatparwSMbaakals, at •> so t^^ferwhUe. Cosa steady, %t•MM; Fitee, tU^Vu. Waisav dun.t.£pa^an«iid •r6ne. IteNOTBS FROM THE CAPITAL. BBtEABINOTOLLS—THKPBOXTBILLKILLED— cietywillconsideritsci!adjourned.'a listofI7 8jhips, krigi. 17 bariCnA^^Untitled Documentfor theSSM: •at tbe Quarantine on Staten Island.sliifs akaad at- Wst sale ot tue-the vote on the bill to hibit shareholders in Railroad eoiporatlons fromin securingtliedesperadountil, in hisattemptsSAILED—Steamsmps Jena, (Br.,) LiTtrpool ; ^WIND-Sunset, S.JiaM>.againwithrejoicing,"J.W.Wo.draft.highly in Sir. alter what presumptuous nie.property destroyedTo increase the tax on hawkers and peddlers.To exempt surgical implements and libraries ofprovidemeditation, which most of nis portraits have been taken—his leftcourage,^'^ dlffvjence, he guided his glowing axle alongand surgeons from levy and sale wnt of execution.i ';'staboed Saaeckaof such a natureidnsioiansare laidopen books,as ifcarelessly at a droppedadventuresir.was ordered.blt^nded tlidt tiis In the present admiration aflectiocsofalL Suchistheocua- sion of our present meeting. The exercises of ttieof were sausase-casiogslost,Thetoto a thirlas classics four times that byunder a of Mr. Walsh the bill relative to unsafe;...__..On motionbafidingsln New-York was put forwardeoBpIete.A motion to reconsiderof. Twentieth Precinct, bearingwife for, a'd, ranOfficer of the Miller,Tottng by proxy was laid on the table.The btll to amend the PortRichmond and BergenPoint law, and the New-York Wliarf and Buik- ferryUeadbillwereorderedtoatliirdreading.Mr. FLAOLxa moved to take up the aimtial appropri-ation bill for third reading. Agreed to.Mr. Paihi moved to recommit the bill with instruc-|ithe othergentlemen who havf^me, toIIIwaswn. '-<tiODs to re<(uc€ the appropriation to the New-York CIW Hospital from $22,CU0 to tl0,C00.G ovta moved. ,Mr. to further amend by appropriating«<0,oco to the graduates of tbe New.York Institution•t all Sottthera parts-,Waiaxr dnU JHifett-pramluj^Mkil psiNBlaai.One might ask what theme sotheaFourteenth-streetomnibus. 'I'neprisoner for eTainhiation.was heldWindmoderate,B.:weatoerclear. „ FORT/,„».HsV-OnsAH, Toeiday, AprOS.ttMlay 6,600 bales at lOicSllc 'ttna^days aOMu feata;, 1»M». against uSoI—andinild healthful rallance ofauspicious ]for as ^he'^forc^^^^^.foi the Bl.nd, 10our coimtry and his kiiid..wardboundveiaelsinsiibt. Wind °;be paid out of the proceeds of the property of the Instttution In New-York.lustreone,in mural and social element-^tticme in the life of Washingtos. What unexampledfe.iclty, not only to accompany the great Discovererwhom .Wiiuxaa moved itie previous ouesUoB, which were sowill live, .K?„''^.^.1.'"'.'??'i**.**"' adopted, and the bUl was and the warmestbe, also bearingthen read the third time and piased.llowfavored beyond ord!nar>- measures of human h;ip-the swine's entrailsi^Vh. ^^^"''*.?""*i' SfA,! °"i''",v"""°'»<> •**« <•»« bill author- "P toeveniigallfrom Ills place,s.-An;. |>^?y^,g~*ijte.I«E meW-HATES RAILKOAD INDEMNITY BILLmean,Coroner's laqaest.I'I!HLL«D-~IHI CHARTKB AMEXDME.VTS aAXITAST BILL, ETC.Proa Onr Own Cwrespondent.THE this morning's Tivis. It was received with frequent that te was permitted to enjoy while demonstrations of favor, and at its concluision theIKtiUKST CPO.N THE BOOT OTPETER HALL.der in the Senate, coming up for a third reading ac- cordli.,j'.to a previous vote.copy of iiie address tor publication.Ex-Gov. Kiso seconded the motion, paying aenemiesone qualified his praises, no one hated, no one ma- morttm examlnatloD, showing that co.iipresslonout. April 2, lat. 43 18, Ion. 69 2D. (By pilot-boatJ. B.vTopro-of the Atlantic. Itpro-has been '^d by the distinguished cnloglst of tbe evening, and^V'lien #e clerk commeaced to read, a moUofi ww complimtntlo llr. Bevakt and Mr. Vibpiasck.the angelic As butturtofMuspBT with affectionandleserationreached reaoertd. Theaccusedisstillatlarge.»thatsectionofthecircle. Themotiontostrikeoutthe enacttng clause was defeated, through the hard'Jbrtsofihe frienasof tbe bill. It being lost by Ayes,K"ii^.vTM^S'f""^i•^•i.'.^^^hfStt?/".' *"" "" *'^ occaaloD-respoods"""ifJJP^ViSm^ois,t' *°J7',^ ^""•'1 "»« bas been s^d-rated afterabenedictionbyDr.DaWm.^^mbly defended the pretty Mrs. BsaiOTT, of New-Haraa, during her divorce suit, most hava. bad some my strongreasonstorthusmnbbtsftheoBtortoaaliSt>bougieopposeprorata.Unlessrepublishedat thepresent dayliquors17—twosympathizes cordially name to which you haveeverything that can bright and beloved consecrated the hour. It10and HiiiHousi, voting with the Democrate.The third reading then piojjressod a short time, when a motion was made to refer ibe bill back to the CommitteeoftheWhole,forfurtherami:idm«nt. To;Noes,iblB mouoo, " the friends" had lotoe voteats^rn bell. Bloody ConnoUUt Gardtner^ Grant, lul and affectionate admirationIlanimond,flillhoose,Krlly,Lamrenct,Kaaierre.Moct-gomcrjr, J. M. ilunky, 1'. F. Murphv, Prosser.Kanney, him to his graveThe bill was made theorder for this Tues-thor-day evenmg. oughly SltltU.tbo'counlry should umte with you in these offices ofand third, of the latter robbery,steai^ne kJr"" ?''^ii7°°."",'*-i;.h-?.V°'^"^tation Ux of tliSO.OOO afor four years—maltingcourse men theyears,robberywhen it; for running *'°°'' •^l^"* with the intenUon oT""*byof the Central as were imposed on line previous to 1841.r*"specialwill probably be prettyof second, piracy""earthly happiness, hej. character, herIt is supuosed tbatat least seven Republicans willpeculiar felici- anentirely dependent npon theas in thta case ofwoman for sixteen years, andthis Ume under an engagement to him, anded as to it in the estimation of its warmest ad-equaleverycoimtry. Although ordinaryobjections as follows:that will not let the bUI oe lost, it taeir votes can save it. Of the probaMllUes of their dolug this, others can jndge as well I can. It don't i'jok prooaole that they will do anything of the kind.likelyfirst displaysofhis/"irtsdlctiona. havlDg robbed her of the best years ofIbevotesoftwoorthree—perhips oeYoJk,to.SiUli'rdls'trfcr""^^"-^blilnot'to be apaity measure, and vote against They will justify this with the argument thatto to moatj^^Republican measure,he enjoyed in his native city; .ind this happiness attended him throu»h-Tbe House has been diligently engaged,.,t for the WstappearanceIf I slightestforegoing various points, citingau-anTnat older was continued 1.11 duy, except when itwasiaterfuptcUaot be melted by so much metal. prectousMr. Flaglie to make a the Conferencepo.?ltlon. between the different parts of acasethe mass ofbyCommittee on the Toil bUl, and by the entrancethe senate, to take part in the election of a Super 'authorities produced the bythis, indeed, inwould be pleasant to hear tBe early reeiad ofyear;report fromWhich must existgreat continent—If from necullaritiesongm In national descent or historicalJua sum of fOI,00(»-',M,r. P„. „r. McBFUv, oi the Senate, and was unanJmoiwiy rejectedfor the coun-;together payBattleaodMaa, «a Krie Ballnal. .«< A. M. <This the Senate Committee rejected, propositionstate of ourward—rather, I should say, the almost total twenty-seventh meeting evening"mitted a resolution that the Assembly insist" on theSaturday, April 7,BfoTCBeata ofOcean Steamera*roa iiraoFB.' ^ Data. LcsvwApril 4 Boston. .'.. .. April 4....New-York.. AprU 4....Ilew-Tork... City WssUngfn. April T... ITew-Tork.., four—Repuoii-'carefully matured havewhohasso she miut injured her,are*"committedinthekeepher dutawall ftnallrin-every woma^, if everytender,cordially Sm?.L. ..^'"',.^'?'?""""0. 2^1. »r. ^JS,"?,""'*'' "-o"?">d theirl»l«»d Sound. If thisIDVAAD rygBSTT.and we comebonored by your invitarlon, to listen to tbe i.iitsympathy of kindredhasam sure,' to thegenius, his memory giving utterance, I;now onlveloquent ttioute whtch which had beeen closed by Mr. Jiiiiprs on Saturday,commemoration. It was one of tbeties in the literary career of lavmo that he wasbeing^^IwTl. '"f''""'T comfort, bar good name, are generosity uf naa. I£, Sbaw, a maa chooses to rltf apart of the ciusively—on local themes, and tberolore.in"''"^diU'isdtcUon. As there Is noand in Richmond, as In New-York. The taste which goodfalm ayoungeror a &irarbride, leaTea ksrfirsto! bis last volume, which the trace ofterms, and it would be. tmueually honest twelve men wlia oaoldas anauthor down to the publication local- may so express myself, attached to his repu-growing out of the bf the 1 political organizationcountry— mean Ite division into States and groups of states. If from any or all of these causes sectionaldislikes of"j^^'cf authors on account of their place;leconil, wUet.'ier there is cause pro'^ablctliat» one. How mu* pare aad^nd wives could be blasted In their hKnmebr£mI*''*South have sl^own themselves equaUy prompt to swelcasea^^i^""^ ">«the chorus of bis unenvled^primafacietry than honorable happy forhimself. IttendedtoKimIkVorth and Vast Way KaUfoster a kind—a nation- ality of mind. It is not easy to overrate the InfluebceAlbaay,Csaidtl..ot such a writer as Mr. lavisoover a community like!-^,charge conveyedofBoston, by ....«( A. X.Boeton, by StesKbeat A ».L_and Impressible peoplethe first been wholesome, genial, and conciliatorytending to form a generous public sentiment, unal-loyed local andby prejudice, thus to prove, amidstcauses of aberration and estrangement,A hoop ofthe first entirely successful American author. TheTWIHTY-SKTEHIH AKStTAL MEEIlSO.The association known as " The Uarine Tem" day. at 8 A.M. Letters shonM b« marksdto bind our To Mr. laviMo must be awardedvii Salt Lake—lution was adopted, ayes 9(), noes 4, and a report of rial City not numhering, probably, more than thirty dent, occupied the Chair.House,1 he Senate's Committee attempted a report to thatage and, doubtless,the Stamp act down to the Conslitutlnn—forced the bership had, ere this, traversed the most remote AraguApril raoa.acBorB.LirasvadUreading, by25.... New-York.... Aprils New-York ^yia.a smaHday. He says he advised Haitsox and Ills associates ordered by the Governor, was lost by 32 to 47. A mo- Senate had no bill before it, and hence could not act works of great ability were produced, but of a native valuable auxiliary. The whole number that, so far Canadian.alleged to have been committed, unless otherwisetion to reconsider was laid on the table. unless the House transmitted the papers upon which literature, properly so called, there was next to as reported, had taken the pledge for the lastNew.York to purchase the same, came up for a Uiird eai'ing.or rather it puts the heavy load on the Central, andTlgoNova Scotiaa...body,but aquestionof order was raised. the ^atIn thp.tdepartment,and inpoUtical some hi.«tory,KangarooMar. 21.Mar.21... .Liverpool.Mar. It.. 3!ar. M.. Mar. 28...Hev-Tarlc "tjgad themseivea. His appeal embraces a ^letter Arts Assoclatlotis, and to amend the charter of the There is much conjecture as to the probable action this side of the Atlantic. 1 do not remember that the 36,457. There had also been organized two auxllla- Kdmbnreh Mar. 2is. .—one at the Baptist Churchin•tat because Gxoaaa WsdT, wiio was sick of coDaump- 'onging to he State, and to empower the City of tially does what the other Toil hiUs proposed to do- prising booksellers in the large cities had ventured ConsleUatUm. From the facts developed by the in- AragoMar. 31. ...OalsayFaAas Blaks and Gsoaci Houit, in which Lorillard Fire Insurance Company, was passed. of the Senate on the new blll ordered to a third read- works of any one of thettey say the troubles did not originate about Hadsos, The bill to authorize the sale of certain lands be- ing in tbe House. That bill, if it passes, substan- been rcptinted in America. Possibly some enter- street, and the other on board the United states ship Tentonia." You be enough to overpower me, but Mr. CosKiiso moved to recommit the bill, with in. vant to an unseemly trespasser. " The Central hold true. Toward contemporary English literature nine were far more potent agents of destruction than City of Baltimore..April U Lfreniool Bew-TadImay strong-700 cannot drive me from the duty 1 owe to mys3if, stnictions to strike out the seventh section, which di- Railroad won't like tlus repealing cf the actof 1831, there wag the same Indifference. Boswsll's Johnson, alcohol, and this alcohol formed but a very small lomytriends and to my country. If I fall, I shall cut rects the Comptroller to pay any judgments recov- and it don't Uk% the proposition of the Attorney Gea. of which Lord MACAULATsays, that "it is read beyond portion of the liquor consumed at the present day.North American...Aprilll UverpooL Pertlaai. roa THX WIST ixniss.Oust^er City ished aesociations if perchance my blood shall atone ered by any lessee of lands surveyed under the act. stood here, the contracts made between the agents ;iliely to be read as long as the English exists, either dress, in the course of wliich he entered into Sla!.'.nzaa ^or the wrongs of my race, and ihese States shall at This was designed to compel the payment of the of tiiat Company and Senators did not bind Senators as a li?irjg or a dead language,"—ttie roost delightful a lengthened exposition of the adulterations of Csbawbas New-York....Bavaaa. .April 8 yew-York MaiaaaM^ AprU 12 .;.Xew-York... .H. » W. 0.roaCAUrosaiA.April s ..New-York... .AsglavaSaleastbePrivate advices intimate apprehen&ions of furtherTaylorandBrermanjudgments,amountingto$500,- toapprovethesenewpropositions.Thevwereonly ofbooksbythemostdespicableofwriters,—aworktbeliquorsIn,commonuse. Nine-tenths,ho000, and to prevent an appeal or proceeding to set^ee.*^the Toll bill andwhich would bein this said, of Americanwere impure, all thoughVorthem Lightgoldbrothers in.the credit of beingTiUe,»«• St. Joseph."City_____^_English authors had at an edition of Papers Eesay on Man^ or Young'ssocietiesvestigations of Dr. HiEAM Cox, of Ohio, it was evidentbut with someJones won't like that," said tbe watchful ser- of this kind, my remark, I believe, will be foundto their tactics. Sulphuric acid, prnssi.i acid and strych- Americariilliai *Mrs,NightThoughU;trifling qualificattonthatTemperancechangeto1 the Central buys them over again, it is piohnble most countiy before the sheets were dry from the English bad liquors weie not adulterated hcr^ Wines or!'the House bill. Of course, under the m^America till 1809. In that at that account, !or there was more doctoring" done In1MoodSeta.... *3T HeU Oata.... 8 at^Ir. Vabiak moved to amend the bill so as to de-IIKAL ADJOUEHllEXT—UEASLilE= ADOPTED. clare that nothing in the act should prevent an appeal of what will ultimately be done in the Senate. It is oor national literature, the first purple gleam this Continent. As to Champaene, which is the most Sandy Hook. 6Basbibboegb, Tuesday, .^pril 3, 1860. This morning the Senate and House recon-orMr. Rosrasosall guess-work now.The House, in the order of third reading, slaugh-of lavi.NG's fancy began to blush in the East. I Scon the sky was sec to red.len avid glow with theIwhole offascinating of wines, he declared that the district inUproceeding.aidered the vote on the General Appropriatiou bill, fraud, and declared that if no dishonesty was con- The bill to prevent stockholders in railroad corpora- their waiting eyes toward the glcrleui light, and order to pre^eive the counterfeit article It wasINTELLIGENCE.amendments.The Speaker advocated the bill, declaring that thehealL-igwings,glor)' Then, Gibeon,Iwhich the Champagne vine grows does not producetered two blll? that have attracted some attentinn.HopeExt>ectation to the of Purls alone, and that In and strained enough supply city—Ulled aves 45, noes 46.and moved with steadfastIndemnity Company personsIof read and lost— noes 51. ayes 37,SteaiDBbip Itoodie, Jura, (Br.,)from the defraudedNew-Haven up Ilike the sua on —pass it. It ccnilicts with tbe proposed amendmentsG. Puiips, sold has a front of 54 feet on Seventeenth"propertytolo the Char'ei,Bnd hence the increasing opposition. Both bills cannot be reconciled or harmonized, andotc()ntest the pal O). he led, withcheei fully acknowiedg- •a portion of the estatetho,.. i,..,r,i,ti,» ioort nii,.„!or_("„.,ii,i,...i „o„,-...i "usmcsuotuuworihyfoDCclasscdwith^hlsown,and ''H.M. Kickds,., i.theeoostituilocalityofthebillrepealingtolls,andto Iscalledhere)—intheSanitarybill,ofcoursethat wentsowntohisgraveinhiswell-earaed,imdisput- street,Co.;Mr. Callicotect mechanics and laborers employed in erection of||M» St. Louis Agricultural and HocitBdeal boTlkhUengs,, and' it Uprabahi* that $4,000 or ti.ooo son la to a botanical garden in New-York, and to authorize the Academy of Music last evening. And not alone iousiy than unjustly, by a kind-iieai ted humorist, who Rev.''% , -^Aaaerlartw.g,_ i^„g_ Tuesday,...--reported favorably the billsof Washikgion Irvingi-:Theder the auspices of the Historicalhand supporting his head slightly, and his armimperial course. A shout of applause soon generousin an altercation, andthe sage during prog-. C.,i«,>of Slnslc- Cnllen Bryant—Srieechcswas notabidforit. Mr.AiamNoekisoffered Finaliy,B.mdse. and passengers to H. B.Cromwell h Co.' Kxfvi-withoHls TolayoutaportionofNew-York, honoredbyanassemblageofunusualnumbersat iRviNG'scareer PresbyteryofNew-York,atitssessionyesterday, andpassengerstoSttofTord.Tileston.ACo.AprU1, Aaaaiatios ofiu 910,000 In pr^mloms at Om mu% North of One Hundred and Fifty-fii'tti-street; in relation began, It bad be en asked rather invid- elected the following delegates to the General Assem- IU:SOF. H., exchanged signals with steamship AnginUi:RaUiaad t>een Mr. Bihoh&h moved having defeated,to raeonaider the vote. Tlie motion was laid on the table.principals,Ship North AUantic, (of Nevboryport,) Praetar,Cal-a notlCBi to reconsider was laid on tlie table.lost,—changeable weather.Shi; Cora Liaa, Luther, Glasgow Jan. S, via Qdaa*-town. 48 toDunbanvA Diaion. d8.,witbmdseShip Sontbampton. Pratt. London, March 2, wilfc mdse. and 35 psssenirers to E. E. Morgan. BSbipCamillA, (Au>..l CaUalimich, Cette OnlSnVitB w.ne. &c.. toM. Lienau. ., ._Bark Trovatore. (of Searsport,) Carver. Mltsnsatt March 31. with sugir to Walih. Carter A Chase.Tlia following bills were passedTo aathorize the sale of the Erie and New-YorkBaOroed to the Atlantic and Great tv estem Road. Tokioeiporato the Southwestern Mining and LandtSa bU in relation to the Reciprocity Bank at Buf- Mo was laid on the table.:J^ ETENINO SESSION.The Grinding Committee reported several bills as it to i>e reported complete, among them the fol- lowing :VermontFish, Charles King, LL,D„Dr. Cogswell, Prof. Geo. W..Greene,District-Attomey Roosevelt, Horace Web- ster, Wm. B. Astor, Rev. Dr. Osgood, John Jacob Asto>,the officers of the Historical Society, and other persons of equal note.-The centre of the scene drawn across the stagewas graced with a portrait of lavnro, fresh from thealluded, and all the traditional sources of Anti-Ameri- can feeling connected with recollections of the Revo- lution, were superadded the irrltationsof a recent war. Of all literary adventurers a Voung American, writ- ing lor bread, seemed the least likely to gain a favorable ear in London. Even if there were no obstacles of this kmd to be stumoimted, Mr. ia- TiHa'B arrival m coincided with the palmycalm self-AcciDEXTAt 11 o'clock, Monday night, a spanCljrIiI<.of horses attached to a hack, while on board theSouth Feiiy-boJt Atirntic, took fright when abouthalf way across the river, and after going under i>>Uspeed the entire length of the boat jumped overboard,thevehiclewiththein, Fotiunu.telvnoperson was in the hack. The drlvexwa' -slti'ng in the cabin:GeorgeTicknor, Ex-GovernorsKing andrest- On the table and bench nearhimmoment when the subject of his reflection absorbed his attentioiubecameresa of which he drew a knife invariouspl.-'ces, inlllciinginjuriesing on the winaow-elll.the b.-lghtest eyes Inthetose genius aiidproducUons, and tlie l^eautiful bar-LAFAYETTE. April 3, sunset.-Bng Coataand usone,;memoryequallyto "come;monyfading upona ausoic, still moreP;."- JlLhS;theIntellectual, karmonlzeu andilay night, and S25 wormstolen. Two Germans, named JacobFlick,werearrestedwithabout100poundsofBanpton140 ds. from Baker's Island ; Ooeaa Mx-beautirtiily•I' **ent forth "weeping, but preciousJohn G.Ltetiig andMary Bradford, "TAVAVNASTAirir'iifi'S-l-brigthen being iiuiteIlls panting courser intriumphwi'l commence with prayer, to be offered by the life, a-^aUroad in South and West Rev. Dr. CBKiOHTOir, long the beloved pastur piness.—"' ^"-York. Agreed to and respected friend of the deceased. The roin- nized naUonut existence to t.'ie country consecratedhadJustice Qcacksssish committed the^"thil^llp^i^'d"^"*' memoralive address will then be delivered l>y by the l,eutJiction of Washinotok on his infant head Also the blU to confirm the Ntath-avenue Railraad Wk. CcuAir Bbtasi, the poet and pride of iiis co-un- —and permitted to rehearse, to ail co.-ning time,quin, ircm Calcutta.^nt was passed. Ijcumed.Between i I and 12 o'clock last night, two or three try. This will be followed by remarks and letters the wondrous tale of a hidden wo Id, called fortii pick-uckets entered a Grand.strcet sugs, that was, niocellaneaaa..on Mon-SocietyAter a brief delay Mr. BarAar proceeded with bisaddress—a verbatim report of which will be found m the life o: lEviso that must not be forgotiCM— tbooty.since tl.tir last report.Saokeai dfce*Aurora—Br. icbr.1.2O3m0asted,) (r3a0m Lixxa for Deae-rara. iiarcb lO.JjLt. N., ]on.4g V.hark, f?Bin GiiVetton lor off Cape Avon— Liverpool,;orator was w-arralv rewarded with applause.Hon. GDU.UI C. VxaFiAitcK, the playmate and friend 'utation.So cheerful, so unanimous a of recognitionFlorida.,—"S., fresh.new-iound world flowered out in tiic loveliness'Ihas been 13 ds. N, of Hatteras. Schr. 3. B. Strong. Boyd. Wilmington,withnavalstores to Jones, Smith & Co.Schr. New Bedford, 3 ds.. In ballait Augusta,Kelley,to toaster.Schr. Eoesath. Lee, Newbnryport 3 ds., with mdae, ttS. W. Lewis t Co.Schr. W. R. Senn. Nye, Albaay, mdse. forBoatoM.!II!IIcountrymenasan Americanprietors211,000; apartv-wallamounting, In the aggregate, to $1CO,000.gellan, Inman, Williambburgh.1ward to bestow written encomiums on men this side— upon leaving port, ran into a schooner, and had ber The Third Presdviery of New-York. Be- wheelbouBe carried away. Her pasaengers and laallswere then transferred on txiard of tbe when tbe Coyler,Alabama returned for repair*.coming splendorsanon tbe sun of Ms resplendent genius srqse, with—LiverpoDl, £, Canard Dawn, Perry. -N'ew-Bedford. master; Arti-;virulent poison, by Sohotler was also it stood still a long and gladsome noon shedding prsytr-meetings.light aiiii the world of till it went jo> uirough letters,byby several, the meeting was disimssed, aftersigningCITY INTELLIGENCE.growth cbuntry. His eariy producUoos were the favorites of the cluo- room and the fireside, when we cotiuted some seven iLillions of population in 1SII9. His Life of ColumbusandLifeofWashingtonhaveiieenreceivedphia. ShipscasterBarks Ual'na, Benner. tTiscasset. H. D. Brookwan fc Co.:C'ariolan.(Breir:.,) Sc^engraffe,Bremen,Koaard; Villatrsnca, Hill, Havana \V. W. RosselLBrigs Rainbow, Huff, BacksviUe, Walsh, CarrST feBrisk. Hecbeny. St. John, N. B..TboB. Vallaee. Schooiiers Hslene. Derrickson, Charleston. ICcOready.Mott S: Co. ;andof ahyiiiQ and benediction.B., W. Lan-our writeis in ills youth, when there were none toof the late Assoswas sold at auction yesterday, to close the estate-p/i ci-.n,.rinrStT. tho ..,..1,41.. ;».ed superioritv, the rapidly inc;'tasir"r company ofIda d^l Torre, Horton, Mocrhead. DTo. Dazzle, Atwood, Antigua, UeCreadv, Matt k Maybee, Horton, Charleston, Dolner a Potter ;Sucb'he was to hiswriter, nor was his caree, less distinguished as a member of the great republic of European and ea-pro- of the hotel, until 1866, at an annual rent ofSociety, fittingly this respect to tbe test. About, the time that Mr.SteamshipMarion.Foster, Charleston,Hdaa,boa Bolsiua *n alraai^ n- The blll to Indemnify persons demanded by the creditably attentive through a series of exercises ter the publication ot the SA-rtcft Uoiik,it might with D. M. Seward as alternates. Elders—Messrs. Wm. Isaac Odell.F ashUJltloa, aq^ others lh>m otherwill be qaiMCiaDoe, Wm. C. Rev. Dr. Asaat Prealdeat or Transfer Agent of the New-Haven lasting three hours, while among those wao were equal propriety have been as!;ed, "Wnn doesi!H. Christie, Charles A. Davison, John G. Parker asmdSstee.aamnedr New-Londotno,J. RS.miRtohc,kwNeelwL-Loadoa, «Mb passengers _however, went abroad at the mostGeorge Bancroft, Dr. John W. Francis, Gov. Hall, of public. To the general prejudices to which I have ments.cutta Nov. V. with linseed to H. J. Baker A Bn. Faaaa4CoLZBissE anil Wordswobtb. But, withreliance of sterling merit, he fearlesslythe olympian race witli these illustrious'He entered it unknown to tbe great English public, with but one friend among the literary magnates of the day. But, with set off oy tmaffect-have not been recovered.experienced badcheered the gallant strangerEngland rained influence on his noblemore th.nn one of the veteran candidates for publicfavor, dropped beliiii 1 iiim. and wheeledengagedWoomofMs^?io,^„,f„'„'f.*S'"'U'"h'^^SLT.>ri^fa?^i the subjects of his two great historical compeBltlons.andJames Dawson, on a charge of having picked the vessels in sight, Wwind traah. 8.; weather dear,Thirf^am"Rica, for down the i^arrowj at t:4»yearsTheWest Thirty-ldnlh.street, was broken openweataer NORFOLK, Aoril S,-.4rr.„ln BM^abtaaat the evening of the year, "bearing the full-grown'Iscet.,,"butshea;es"oitiie Father of his Counlrvgrew strengtiiwith the a Opening year whi.-!i gave recog-iirisonerslor examirmtion.yXPEET PICKPOCKETS.from i-arlous States of theLiiion,'ail to be concluded by a benediction to De pro- of waters, and that still more wondrous, stiil watch, valued at $125, from the pocket of a gentle- H^"a.rnd containsthePOLICEBILL—EEFEALOFTHELAWOK18jl, nouncedbyRev.Dr.Dswitt,longamemberofourmoreglorioustaleo(thatpeerie^sname,inwhich,manpassenger,aswellastwoporte-moimaiesfrom.cbooDsrB.and6steamerswhichharebeensorrered.vailafter which, without formal mstion, the So- all the blessings, and hopes, and destinies of that iadles. They succeeded in escaping with theirfrom several gentlemenbyglorious adventurers from behind theForeign Shippbog la pafcof their consummation. There is yet one nappiness in1;-. ing. in all its amplitude and withoutdeductior, bis wnrld-wide rep-Coroner Jacxuas yesterday investigated tbe cir-cumstances the death of Peter Hall, the attendingMarch 24.Daniel Wetuter—ship, hence for London, Marea S!..-.... .^iUnrray:their recollections preference,having"gracious smile," bestowed on early admlrenTof Ima-kin,"'^3. men must be found.\peonlaaid In their Uonbles fiom.tliaaeirteaa- mlre delicacy and timidity in womia, aztd tkaL tdnrall, persoBs reaUr more paypraise.Bbasish, who presided, ,Gen. Winfield Scott, Hon. vorable moment at which an American au- D. Smith was excused from serving, at his own re- Sand Heads Dec. U, Cape ofOood Hope Feb. I, St. Hda-Tbe Brooklyn Broadway Railroad bill was and Edward Everett, Hon. Gulian C. Verplanck, Hon. thor could present iiimseif before the British I quest, and in consequence of imperative engage- na Feb, IL Has been U ds. -K. of lat. 30. with I^t;manytakingr at the time -of the occurrence. The horses :iiid batik pissed Aibraltsr Feb. 26, with fruit to James BofeioaoD.Europedays of Scott, Bteon, Mcobe, CAypBiu, RooxES,constant N.V.aad lightbalBilwwinds.Was 12di. from lat. 36 30 to Ion. 73.Brig £. DnimmoDd, Conway, Aspinwsll, 96 ds., Witt,theHas very heavy weather tbe eatire ft^ experiencedILouis."Tbe OrerlaBd Xslls—i„Te St. imeph eroySMar-'The California mails for the IforUum will Ltght akaaon Thursday April C, at lOH A. M.The European Biail for the CKy e/° WoMJangUH wUlcloseonIIIBaj-tCelestU. (of Boston,) Howes. Palermo nb. U.IIIiReport)*.Ilast'that his life is despaireoj'I.. ... ."Liverpool. ~IISimpson &Emma V„ Cook. Blootego Bay, Brett, Son & CoTTlCa-2.herself tolur fate ;sensitive nature, sbe will. Batif, oatheeoatmx.-dia feels like Miss CAasTAHO, that sensltlTe fMtIt is toowore for hii jkI-Uving h<mor Wb^Mnbo lantry—thoBld become all at oace so harA as It .ddedto the b.pDliie..of «,ch\ lS»d«ch hItoSa? to be Inwho share with poor Mlume the privllegeof bciin; present with was received with coaatant inten-DpUnns of applause, CABSTAsa. Tbe paper which had aoaaaycoveredtook charge of the case on behalf of the Government.Be deemed it unnecessary to dwell upon the case, man, with Aayfrom his recent illness,present, andher)in the EssexJail, to await the action of the Grand Jury a womaa shouldf3."®to the Essex Cqanty Jail, to await the acuoo of theKaat forTbe Orerlaal Man toterery Hsaday sad Tbanday, at a A. K.S^ _.,persons present hardly a tithe seemed to be seafaringat A. 10)i K.in 1633, and that "It bas gone on from year to ye^, IllinoisApril 7...«New-Toik.....Hayra. April 7....Kew-Tork...April U.... New-Tork.. Llranaal, April 14. .. .New-Tork,In the Board of the Port Society" the organization had found a mostporUuns of the habitable globe. "France for tne American market than on themen of this side theAlps." might said with equal truth fifty of the property does not in anyway interfere with ecced heavyIt beErereti,Frsf. yearsago,ifnotnow,thattheEnglishwerenotfor- thebusinessoftbehotel. steamshipAlabama,bd.fromSavannahforNew.Tefk.must be o-Aned, however,tliat, beginning of this century, there preach had not been many occasions to put that liberality in listening to reports on the state of religion, the ThirdPoliceA BE3PKEATE RCFFIAN.purportCapt.lielaware, Oanoon,tostab bim, he bad cut his cojt in several places. Cox town, Norfolk, o;c,held on a cbarRe of felonious assault, and his victim was placed under the care of physicians.ROBBED IN AN OVMBl'S.1BELOW— brig, unkno.SIKGULAR rnKFT.butchers shoo ot Frsocis Hund, at No. 28Asoinwall, passedA.M.: ship Bavaria, for Havre. »' »merit has never t>een witnessed, facts of whose on evening, hyperhaps — murder, Monda.v Hisma" lat 41 OS. Ion. 66 SO.cotemporaryAlbaut, Tuesday, Xpril 3, 1660. oflaviao, Uieu in a brief address moved the iieuai Success, fame, aifluenre, political advancement Patsicx IMusfet, in the porter-house of I'oilex—brig, hence tor Bio Grande, MATch 30, lat 8^Last erening, the Police bill was the special or- vote of thanks and the request of the Society for a rarely to the candidate for public favor, roused up no LoHMAaH, at No. iI4 Water-street, have already been loP. 67 45. Ito1dm. Nooneenviedhisgoodfortune,no .Brs.WsiujandBiicapublished. otI ion-ship, from Calcutta for PbHsdelphia. papass- Iingtributetothe oflaviso.andahighlignedhim.Detractionwhsmeltedintokintlnessbythebrainhadproduceddeath,andaver'iictJones, No. lASam Dunning—ship, bd. K.. with Ina>>Prof,Crc,V.-.l.au.'u; ppose to the resolution.memory,,j'having perpetratedWSS s«o March N, lat. 34 t> N., Ion.St.loveliness of his character, and no voice respect,,iwhich possession, havingin theirbeen identified by Hunu as those that been stolen 'Tew" kle";.vs, ApriiSnpplcnjeat and alreatly overcrowfied, and managed to abstract a gold RfJiJSy of Americin_bays, rivers,liberty of trliUng with all the yooar Muaef a woman's life, and then blasting her chanctar -wbtemortgages For someWeeks, Georgetown,principals,spinster. The writer oftheory^"^°'N^"" to wearthewUIow,why,sbemuste^aala-admirer whowillcometoIndeed,EtnaJnra Niagara Anglo-Saxsn.Liverpool. .New-Y«^Prince Albert Cherry- Persi*New-Task .New-Taak Bew-Tan Bsv-TaA .-.Vaw-TaakEnn rises.... 6 39| Son sets.... 6 27 HISa WATIS—TBIS BAT.|MARINE NBW-TOBK...jFrom March 20 to.27ih W.M.TV.gales. Sincethen«while at the house of John Schr. Georglana, (Br.,) Wayoott, PorVsn-Prlaee,woman must ezptet to be aeaa-'-*f- T'-Tssar.14April 18.... Boston Tlisiiasi.April April...It.. ..New-York...Hatra. .Uveipeel.Got. Island. 7 01— LiverpDol BosSoa.riallaat" .UTMtaooi Kaw-Task. ... .Liverpool.. ... ,N.Delf Eaven, Ixette, New-Orleans. Bobaon kElizal>eLbport.Clapp; Sunny South,»e«ther withstrong head winds. TheNo. XX., for April 1, of Amerieaa Lloyd'a^ made a post- a.cbarging toe murder was. ot,urtUgm.M.I."'Vraataat.' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 