 .jmaehid HAsnaas^ time when he should be allowed to preach the GospelTOBACCO AKD DBAHS—COUBTS Or APFIAL TO BE AT-1. RealEstate.to Slxto street- >-*ii.-^- ."^ ------"- "»- ---.^». iagiQUHeCity.MD LAITT.the r!? eooatiy by thego ataroad na-'eaplataad. ov If tooada* ta fact, nambatanttaled.The brother,.peshaaa without fully walahiaa htaTSociety ; and yet, some of the pretended Anti-Slavery ista in behalf of the salvatlen of souls,AtChicago211,935 OS 9e-9546,454TOTAL FUIODICAI. BALIS.TaiM^jl^llilid liiliinlj of the " Board of Foreign (&• PMibytnian Choreh In the Unitedgratitude for the prosperity of the Church, dwelt upon the wide field of luefulness which was open to theKs^^MSSVSSTi^teTBS^m,---.- „ :..IJ^^iV ^^^>t^^?^^'^%izpm^ii^^% .ji^Xim UHMIMTIil^WORU). luiveiagffiS Vrtte Gieat Beligions'•W inghali aradletlaa as to tbe first part ofit, had beea veilled. aa toaadnMMaltye ,thirt iTooS^ecvtaa kaailMad.BodkfiinthisesSiUorsir- wb'ehwobMOFTHECLEBGYhad said thatwttooerrBpUea. Iftoereweresuchchargesag^fastbj Btfiiber,^KTHODIST CONFBRKNCB.Tlw PfocniBBie mf the Week. tAM» rVACn OV THE MAT AKNITEKSABTuiniiss. >«nAT, kat;.;ministeis to enforce npoc all the members toe ueeet- mtiappiehension ol mtsqaotation on toe part AsiaAfraa....iJri MnrHistiigg, Cram, Hiiku .iii Sanett.In Christian nations. With These aid other arguments he Impressed the cause ofCeafereaees—The Blahopa' Qaadrennlal Adareea—Their Tfewe aa vicetbe Conferences, toat the bad exeretsad undue Blsho|>tcontrolovertheCoartolAppeals. Ifhewas requested to name toe paper, it was the Kartkem tn-i nMiVTMlaad Canadianyet Methodists,presentedbytheirreprcasd In nameious cstei to taciitee. Bat such Boston—U67. -46,*73 12 4I,lt«11 W»l OStrnmarf-Unett-tUett Cbardi,bad.Theaddresus of the IrishAB'tetalei. •W,6'4 nan Maatally rery laTorable, in view of which theThe tesoluUon was reconsidered and lejecieeLThe call for petitions and memorials proceeded. A them. He rendered thanks for the assistance sent great many retattog to Slavery were piesenMO. Someom the Kentocky and other Soutoern Conferences were from numerous peUUoners against a cbooje ofafiha Chaich.rtheraadisgofthereport,Mr.CsAviapreach-1 from the following text :"Be Shan see of the travail ol his sool, and shall betfcfcd *—ISAIAB. IVt U.T|« falllmcmt and satlafsction of the reward ofhis Churchappealed to to declare thatother and enough attention to themes,CTUcKied. [A laugh.] He felt that God would ap- prove his course, and that this work would go oa incateQuarterly Review38,500 23,S0O aid i. PaaedthelS- April Ai.rU IS, tat 47 is, Ion. 9i 31, rrrhsatrif""'henilsp!]ereE had nut in vain. God had gone uphence for SeaitaMun Missionary Advocate... 8.700 3,700 and Havre. Msy 4, at t A. M., off s^ira ^^'MMBt, aad the aniversal preaching of Uie Gospel, vaa tha theme of the dtscoorae.ne andlaaca was not large. mwhich Rev. Dasiu. Wokh will speak pit of the Church of the Puritans.>.Anotoer was a memortal from toe Maidenof Quarter- Paid by order of General Con-aad 3a azperiatteed heav On the farmer day, while Istea to to a tf. B.VbIom Tkeolosical Seatiaarr. . BiaMOV BT BCT. DK. VIBBBB.AfHcan Civilization.BZSMOB or BIT. BENBT BISHLAKD GABNIT BIFOBI TBI A7RICAS CITILIZATIOH 80CISTT.body of preachersare nd local representatives here, but that all feel thattian Advocate for toreen». oaniial diaeoarae before the Society of In-Church, whose true motto is £ plunbut Unvm. They pllne ol WiBLii'B question, "Do you take no snulf' liev. H. H. Gabbct preached, last evening, in allude feelicgly to the death of lenlor Bishop tobacco or drams ?" »sea which tpUt mato rail, started battens from hatasa. eaeried aaay jihboom aad foretopgallaataast. OatB Utter day.dorlBB aaottoerlj gaie, lot: maiasaO, ataln- staysaii.mretepmastsuyml. tpilt mttoCrytail, and had a great masy thtogs wa-bed fr"m the decks.4a tte means choeen by God to farther the spread of and living God ;ored to prewuce toe impression ihat the Ccurls wereSehr. Htonie Cobb, Smito, Bockland 4with^truly worshippedaha^faaf kaae aad the flevalopmeat of new fields of home and a country, and the colored people, of all «at<i^3««i eaatilkntad to fit him for the missionary's others, should say with Fbabeuii, "where liberty dwells there is my country." Here they were mere-op, with Episcopal jurisdiction in Africa only. TneS., 8 dt. wito plaster w D. R. Oe WoUr.y, Wladat•I a ChorcbBladoBary society in itselfaadJMkwia^aB mghtRev. Mr. Hiu. was placed in a tignt place. Heweuld CO anytotog to oolige Bishop Siaps«>i«. but forBr. tber Wsioqt'b case woulu be pcstponeo ou long if toes'Imenoilyciyneasr.s A steady perseverance will miure provision fur Its trial was not maoe now, toat he feltbound to urge I's speedy aiiiu<iicatlou.Llabi,;IDr. FuHSB cloecd bts remarks with ao exordium toChurch S.;uth— have been aoout.... •106,000 00 Ion. 49 IS, Henry White fell overboard riiiiii p>l yard and was drowned.alatopaaHUnion.BBIION or KIT. WILUAK HAeiTC, D. D-nia annual sermon of the American and For. alga Ckrlstian Dnlon, preparatory to the anniversary atttag on Taeaday next, was preached last night at tta Ta>)emBele Chtirch, (Dr. Taoarsoa's,) corner of Thirty- Iflh-street and Slxth-avenae, by Rev. Dr.polntmentStandingsno, second, 30, 1859, •87.599"and read his text. Psalm xxv., 14previouslytotoeyear1656, Theaggregatenamber of pages printed and circuihtcd since toe last GeneralO' •74.1 X'O more than our c -sh profl'S.1 be result of thie It, toe Coaeern has been almostuiesioenow, in the ouiset. when no snsplciou coold attact to car-yins forward its huslnest.Scbr.IdaMaiiler.Molllner,Washington,D.CnQIfci vi* b floor to Safford A lioqgeScbr. Sarah Uiils, (of IB'ookhaven,) Bewlar, Mew-Baven, in ballsstSchr. Sarah Elisabeth, Bayaer, New BaTsa 3da.tlabsllait.Scbr. Amanda, Knowltoi, Bondont. wito cement tnDanvert. . _,-.. Schr. Robert Smith, Wlllcoz. Portland 1 da., with;and race, as well as to God demanded tbatmight fully fill their places. The Bishops speak of tha increase of toe SuuDday-scbooIs with satisfaction—1 tent>outhe figoresyesterday —and give asketch of the Book Concern, wMch, commencing in 1769, with ader»tooo him.An ubinccersful motion to lay toe msit'er oa thetable was m.de.Rev. Hisia M. SsArns, (Del.,) was for dividtogthe Conterenc^e toto twelve judicial districts, each to lurnlf-h a meoitier of toe Court uf Appeals.Nov. 3U. 1659Vaioe tif buuatog to Chicago, as shown in18,326 09 20.725 07ta the Pxoal Choreh. The Ma- koaMaavwaia, 4a the seara of morality, superior to Interesttheserem.diet aa a cuie.imoartial irial. Sufferers afflctedellCatholics, aad tha Xaudrs of Japan stands higher, A temporay loanBy *ele«ra«b- PBILABELPEIA. May ».—Belov. hark DaBial«._Fa'.la:cay.iB the sealaof strUintloa than Italy. Spain, arVastoaaL T»aP«»a* power was gone. Heex- •Maanmcatcd Sarduia, bat Tioiea faAsun laoghed30 ~^he disbursementa are accounted for as followsat itamaa^Some difficulties have arisen inRev. R. of was f .r a Court NiLSun, tVyomIng,Malla.3 P.M. from New-Tork,itp.rto having p>»edItalyoad.SHA.UanlsS WaK'C'D Mi.<l t)i« krle"Raillr and M.salamiJMM oMaad bade Wa mladUaown aasiaais. The rcveread preacher cologlxed the Aaerieaa aad Foreign TJatoa. aad said that inBy Relief CemmittePublicationsMiscellaneous and office exocnses..ton;tha aeopla were for Bibles. A greet Agents' UistlonColporteursSettlement of old claimsLegal expenses Total>«-ribSR»l Wtbt *.*3 Ba'l...IKA. M. and her cree oa board. U was bl'-ivioa atn.e. Tbe Na-taville Murray, tteansblpCH otloek tote (Saturday) Koroiur. fllaceil&Bewae.cryingaid was beforethem, in which to work, aad the se-«nt•fttettstreg^l was that Gad was with tiMm. After prayer and benediction by Rev. Dr. CAarssix,:ij>Ij'Sentt. aiOSouibwett^ri. laofnr H'-'too. b.v RHllro-i*... *»tllor Bosfc.li, by Sleawbeat.SKA. M. and a r. U...„ 4 P.M. ....IBeauOleice stparated. The anntversaryaaeetlogTbe Over ard a ailfor Oallforata leaves St. Louieel the goeietj •ill be held at St. Paul's Methouist Cssh In tbe treasurer's olSceJanast-an Casti-borch. In Four'Ji-avenne, on Tuesday evening, Bunds and mortgagesiiiittee on; if taey were —Its decision to tie subject to tbe confi-m.ituu of lueevery Mondayand Thenday.at 8 A.M. Lettof* de- "V" '*•ZSi?.i ." i'*""*- Secretarywill be and read,Hats forchlldrentain nembert would be displeasedsigned Lonii."Tbe OverlandS2l,!ii''''.*""*' «m«WT, ol u,e Canadaa total olfor the10,063 55toeH" Keaov," •' Ready J"have the fl Kir.were>lv<nIn ofthaBr.T Tbey chargeC'^'5^-v^,-V,-^ ,.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069w'ol'-ers.among.Apiliihliila atataa that tkeaWrTraak. fire eaagbtThe ABaericanamioa bt bsv. waltir clark.(12,783 3« Dr. HiOKOx, of Scraaten, Penn., delivered the serhaving which to<-y exoressed atit [Laughter.] He was to take the «lidugTbe aimnal lennan beforetnird chanter of Hosea" For the children of Israel shall abide manv dayswiihout a and without a prince, and without a king,sacrifice, and without aa an ephod, laoagcaad wlthpatatd without tera,him. Afterward •ball the ehildrenatBroeklja ««ok, as a finmdatlon for hisRev.their 6ol. and David acd atall fear the Lord and his gcodness insin e limi, bat an eatl elyApi eals,Irepf.rt next Tuefday. ye^nBlBt ol one from each Conference, CeaaaayI^'J"ilxdeth ekspterIsaiah-" ThenHe applied these words, not as tome commentaters had dore, to the subsequent captivity of the ten tribes in Babylon, but !o scenes yet future in tbe Uatory of 0111 world. vi2.: the dispersion of the Jews, and the.hiith of Christ. He alluded to that as dispersionproor c' fhe ve.-»clty «f the sacred Seriftii.-er,wA ent.toooghan additional year adghtquoruna.Rev. C. Com, (Maine.) moved aa a subaante thatevaaiaga. rriia«.atgA.l|.An^eWw^. :;..-^^-Ss^:....w^^^^i^iiS^^^>.^.^^,.^^.L^.^^y^whom i» Rev. Dr. Mission, vnU deUver ad-dlssatls-Bishops say,Seamen's Friend Society.tbey 4l)l refer to the viewsIke last General Coafereoce, which are unchanged. Thfy thtok tbat there are great If not insuperaole objections to adroliting lay t^elegates to the Annualproposed3d iut40, In lat. 3*. loa.nasfatssihs hyaea-a Friend Society, was preached last Rev."TM!I!-^ 2^-"*;beconstltated a coo^dtoate "'"'-S •',">«'^''^^J.ia'iS^)^? Theredhpatdi frei| Bew-T«tk;Dapt.» Wauib CusK, in the Churrh «»». Henry street, Thew^'h the tSiIra!»,embly Cmf'"^*appointment and«plao of proceedingj of tne Curt of« o'eleek eawhile the Bhy. aaT waathe American Sea-: ...„ ...^ttIhe Campav UBaildlac, Bassea Wrest.) apeveninr by o! Rev DrConferences They mightte Moeday aBsi atua e< eaeh weeh. Telegraau Ihe wtUhere«tvsda*tteeaeaa(<haAMriaaaTaleaia»hSeitie'land. efginUe- discourse, theIsrael re- urn and seek the LordIthe tatter " •'»»'• of daysesallon. It was doubtfil whetoeraa extensionofand tbat fifteen a should cor stitoteThe Me., every Bzprai Imtcb Bt. Jseeah,»"• "o"together,and thine abundanceSe'l.rm of mini^erial serviceiVVxtea'dtog it, the Bishop. «W»M»J''' *?" ^i cbbm, sboold be a membernfheartdedwro^rtkeao^ pervi.l^.whenever a Court was demaded one delegate fnr^ each ABtnal Conference, except th^t from W'lleittfaemw Pey^mtOa—i ana. Bfthe forces of Tbetextwas aol the Buy. ThrJ*. |;appellaattluJkUtt^ fTha B8MMmftfer.aa UlmvMt «W8i8i8«W »I)MB.«fe«BdyB^i^tfe-fiW&iHftir''.It.;eameilprayerforthepeac« liaclieoaiUtotaaquorum,aadthatUmaj^iluit TMi«*y.liavl,Mt3(F.ll.tm^^^i..BSP9P esBsiderad wtOt WHM ntesM* to ft*the Sodeiy, aa<latt*couatfies where the Christian*:«•*-Addreeaea ef Ihe Irlak mm* Cmmm~ slty of teacbing tbelr Slaves to re»d the wird of Gul '""'FoIloB Kaaaaree Canadian Sazonta Knropa Bavaria Aditatiethat are bat too commonworibip-of God on our regular days of Olvins Ser-Hamhat^.^-•_'Cmp evciy partlenlaraaSociety in ita work. Then the Christian sailor was Christians—was inevlUblyeossUered as an effective aid in tbe great work ofdesignedto aid in thatmeans, becoaies toe owaerof a who, by anyCommittee oa Epitcopaev for examtoattoB. ware not, the brother SDoald ezplata.If thereM City er WasMngfaafrfl •.all lands. From thevery nanire of his calling he vlsl-.ed many lands MBTHODIST GEMBKAI. OONFBRENCB.if it be..Aftnspreadingthe Gospelthroughhe crecuKs,Mr. Gowuiwhere his eismple was potent for good or for evil.S«T. Dri. Hagn«, Cluke, Cheerer Aa a proof of Ibat he referred to the fact that inmany Beceptiew af Dale«atea trwm Ireluiil aadwhereto be liveswhich makes it toe ol all fileno of Bishop Smraoa. He thoagbt there was a Tcntobta duty tbeupon the minds of h's audience, and aikcd for It their tympathies and prayers.;sellingmen, extirpa-the SccletyThe Anniversary meeting, at which the doings ofaad the FOCRTH DAY'S PROCEEDINGS.them, and what shall be done for toe toqaireiof toe evil ofWtto this discipline freely drculatad among the peo-ple, or cei taioly within toe reaito of any who desire to eiamii,e it, and witootoer Churches exitttog to the same tenitoty without toese enactmenis, tnese Socie- ties and Conferences have, either by ciecuve affinityadhered or from associated wlin the to, preference.Spath-pVa: Havreduring the past year wi!l be reported, will be hekt In Dr. Caasvxa's Cbnrch this evening.Chnrch Antl-SIavety Society. AXHUAL 8BR1I0N BT DB. OBIBTIB AT TBI CHtlBCB or THE PCUTASS—«»y. DANIgL WOBTH PRI8-IBT.The Chnrch of the Poritans contained an on-tionStavery.theSocietybrought before the.a.ny V "'"olf''"^^ .SoaU>>t%....] ..Soau'pt'B...' .Uvetpool..}S«Mui>'«FUtndSodtty<-nt.Chmtm'! usaallylargeandieacelastevening,ontheoccasion f3t P M.Bo>ieL—INBsentstives sent hither to deliver them, and the re- r Jf«'* CinijiMBt Auccitia»r-T»T. Adams' of the annual cermos in behalf of the Church Anti- marks of the representatives themselves, were listen-ToialPifsbarsh-1867....aai3 U35 es -.•WiSu ts\„ ]I«»-T(nk Bible Society. nn noHBiTT or rax BiBLK.—and another ilaveholder drove him (in disguise) by a circuitous route to the borders ofaskingThe Conference adjourned at noon....... U,3tS TTZMria..WSt.eOa^vSt?a"^'»•H-ChedwIT^ffg^H^iraffteCoaiae-ctreetCkuieh,] tb« uinirern- of Freedom tn North Carolina. He did not, however, Canada, he said, was pre^nt. They were invited to•() 600 00chUd,nnraBeleahada^1slaerdraataG. BRyLaeav,rJ.. S«m.BlaCunSBidlTSlavery Society. ed to with attention. The address of Dr. Caaxvaa entered the pulpit, accompanied by deep importantPlttsbnigb—1864..MitSifin Anitm Mr. SAau'i Obmrek, Tw^atj- l^llH^jj,jll fillJteSir* Jfac^Im Benmottnt Socwty—Chaptl «f -^^^— --^^T«»«x«h. U)r.Pi«l',) 7J« F.M.«ad<«y-OtMa*->tT«et MetbodlitRev. JavxsM. Fdlueb WVto nmlTerMty lennon before this Aasociation Ihe State. Dr. Caaxvaa, In his prayer, thanked God Rev. Tbomab Wxbstbr,.--n a>»tT3 tttm nRev. DAjniL Weua, lately impriioned by the author- ities of Motfh Carolina on a charge of veadlng ineen- diaiy Abolition docomenls. Mr. Woani was enabled to leave tbe State only tbrongb the Interpoeltion of two davehoMera, who signed his bail bond, to theMostoftoemwerewithregardtotheproposedchange I'icisbu'gb—18(8..of to lu lavor. Tae Fltisbarsb—18t>...smoontof$3,000with exercises. religions»«7g gaDddaaghtar. MtatlLM. eiyn, J. Paeeud lady, J. D. Allcr. ttaa. K. KV''£^I-O:'lornaadsen.Mrs.J.inoS,liV-lfor the presence ef Mr. Woava, and prayed for thelait iiMlig by R«t. T. 8. Church of Canada, wbo, with BisVop RicHAansoa. ofTBE AHTI-SI.ATKRT PITITIONS——Bouse and lotIn irocuriiig Mr. WoaiH's escape. ^ ^ ,, , iliei the collection had been taken on behalf of— — AOAIJiBITHKBIBHOPS AHBXFLAHATION THgSkW-TOKK ADD WESTXBN BOOK COBOUtllB. FromOarOwnOorrsspanaeat.BorvALO, Saturday, May S, 1860,Bu'ldlsgs and lots on benyandMottstreets.Two lota to Blogbamton ....den, O.0. 8.j TwamU^.t*?.' ^iSiSltThe Secretary read the address preseated by them Society to "carry on the from the Church In Canada. In it were expressed apptaeikttTa aadl^ce, wbo were wall various instramentalities of warfare against this the interest felt in the proceedings and welfare of tbe |.^aaeloqaaatly-dellTeredlerinon. Tbeex- mightysin,"Dr.CHzzvaaannouncedthefacattbat ChtuchintheUnitedStatesbytheCanadianMetho-thattherewouldbe brief»af Ikaeraslag were opened by a hymn from Hi. Wosih was present and ditto, and some account of the condition and pros-t,aLd )0nrATDBX ALBASAO—laa BAT.IVtCkaiebof Her. Dr. Asaks, comer of Tiraty-foarUi-street, waa the Church AntlMnl,- ...30 755 ISP-.Ba^,1Michigan>Slaverybalr,a>d, after a prayer by Rer. Mr. JLaaa, that he wouldin this Church next Sunday. pects of the latter was set forth.description, Idbrary,Mi. BAaziaes wai Istrodaced—tbe chosenpreachOccasionally,preliminarybnainesa of thejsse, Y. M. TBner. L.Mlraada. J. MtvaadaT^.H Kendall, D. eovaasTUa. A.ikv lot tte oecadoa. Hla text was taken Dr.the and It has a*cPrating qflet. Presses,cuts Btadrry.-Bkeet-atock, Tewls,IK Saaoal, fnm the 4Ui to the 13thretfeud the attacks made upon by aakeUeren, but by belleraTS whoLord God: Feed the Sock «f ths myvalue of itsischapel property $206,768,ad in* >at arana, pra*ias the oeeetaity of theThus snith theSeminary of Learning worth 140,000.Type,InBoweU, JosephsgistlcJtlly Hibernian document." It set forth, with kept bolUag, many felicltons figures of speech, the gratificationsafety-valves woraed, aad toeelaborate, earefol andStereotypePaper, Tools, and Wood-to iiiwlilinil emr and Infidelity, and wltiIMfla*o>lcittaadlBiaanees,aBdelalmln( Lordand they that sell them say. Blessed fre tbe1I«,4S4 67106.343 70- 965.968 «i _ .Ifor I sm rich Claughter] ttatao' woik oTer peii»ed by kamaa buds had so herds pity thtm not.theOf this natare waslibaaseaandly«Mat la IntanHOt 111 meantngs to salt thetr own our slaves ; that there are no greater Infidels thanmuch ofOerada^.!((» n* MUBsa, at tke tastsDee of flie Society, -Mil IkaitBlediBpuU^'^t '»'>'>, and at the reaaest,those who, while preteading to disapprove of lofidel- ity, coonteaaaced Slavery in the churches. "Why is"earlymemorials wasmthat when the friead of the slave amkes the sUghtast mistake, those who pretend to be •ftfeaanaoB,Hr.Wa.AimBtnun, thefriendoftheslavestabhimlatheback,erthrow explalBed the objects and por- obstacles in his way ?" Why is it that a man givesvaflrif a* nMkera* ef the officers of the Socle- M arepat Is withheld.it," he asked,MeibooistEpisewpalChurchSouth,It was of the porpoees for which itot-othe eoagregitian was dls-in the chorches. But not imtil the word of God was dated jt Cork, July, 1857, were presented. The latterpeals.NetThe total book sales for foor69.946 84 •540,721'%Steamers KbkpatrlckS. ^tt Nawaik, New-Jersey. PreTioos to the ser-a^IUT.Dr. Wnaoa.tha Secretary of the Board,aaaaffiakatraetof the amsnal report, from which it»Mpjarad^ that the receipts from all soorees daring;ler, B^UannLllSilar. £a!7k>aHy«ai 28, being an advance — >aTabes«^M37,aBatadodcd orer •10,000 SMire of the fond leaaae la ladia, and of Goremment ap- Indian schools, than is contained inwas opposed by toe " Progressive " party, and was:At CiBcmAB—'Wastem Christiaa Ad-Olden. Alexaadria.;:S. A. Biaydea. SmMh. I;prayer meeting after the services on his behalf,3.4.5.ilerciiaadMc of everytors'Bound BooksEdi- Fumitare,Cbuvxx rlahxl.:4,S.thenannounced his text as from Z^cha-The Church in Canadahas 18,575 membersMm ingT. B. WatUon, fnm Porto cS"s"lU-^S"^ 9't^slaughter.Whose possessors slay them, and hold themselves notLena,guilty ;cast beforeBishop RicHAUBoa briefly addressed the Confer- toe effort t»day to secure tha reference to a bunch of;byrespondence.The text, Dr.CBiavu argued, was the only passage ence. Be said the Methodista In Canada desired toeomtog debate.in God's word that describes exactly the conditloa offraternize wifh the Methodists in the Unltel Slates.Iftoe measure hadprevailed,209.840 53 t7I4,9«3eSbroken up. 'The members of the churches should take the Bible, and teach the preachers. There should be preaching on the Sabbath, as well as on holidays and thanksgiving, and tracts and meetings.and toejourney's end was reached at last, Is fully set (ortoConcern:(Liverpool, BeIinaerinneU,8Ba>cer,LeBdaa, OtiaaeU.l^£i^Shave tothe moat with their dead bodies, wiien a few moredte. and itttsnienla;and their own shep-Banrlsei..whichwatetodlstrtbotethrongh- $S,000totheAmericanBoard,becausetheAbolition- therepresentativeoftheMethodistEpiscopalChurch•73.157 6090 25,000NonbemD. B Allen: Marlon Foster.tailaiy,lad to vrafy elaae and nation, the Book ists have denounced It as In complicity with Slavery?Light. TmltaMUr ObulsaHa^ (eiOiMSM ttoo k. Co.: Meant Temon, LayfieM Ha*below. it^Uitulma.BaardofForaignMissions. TheseweretheobjectsoftheChurchAnti-Slavery badbeenreceived,commendedtheunityefMethod- BishopMoxKiBpresidedto-day.: AtCineinaaUAirailAl SXFOBI AKD SSBMOV.Ba annsal leiman on the occasion of theA resolution, offered by Rev. CAivn KiaaaLT, (Erie,) directing toat those portions of the jouriwli of toeseveiai Annual Conferences wtdch relate to Sla-Bnn " ernhound, Pierce, ArroTO,honest whilethreateningto turn out tktirptuUrsofdesigned to prevent the petitions in favor of a33Oaln.A. Shepherd, OTenoafkrtaBeIslaad7----::AdSSr'Carry, O. R. DeComwirilia, Wo'C: J. it irSjiii*Brewster, Mobile. N. H. Brlgham ; 1. O. PManSif dared to ktpulfU theyor for the en- preach piay•260.636solulitm had been to save timea>7 ineloaa year. Tlie reports from the Tarlous sacrificed, then perhaps tiiese lukewarm Anti-Slavery was a Popish country—au old country, and a country fore he was wilitog toat it ahould be reconsldereeU.bridgepotwo- thirds of the Methodist popalatlon had emi- Bmm iBTOka the contlaaed prayers and material aid that too much time was allowed to this subject ? He grated. But in tbe darkest hour aid bad come toit fair for the Press and the Church to pour in charges yearsSaaday School Alvo- strong westerly gales ta the Ostnnel.ofsion of Slavery.to thegloryof God and the confu-spiteopposition,with mdse. aoo ssf paasengeri to Saaoelaind that next Sunday evening that gentleman will occupy the pul-askingthe importance of their present gathering, commend- asmuch as be had lost the money to.22,375Haatoaig bark Sehoo. tu:;By iaaln flsTm Dr. Fwbu did not mean the inhab- ly sojourners among strangers, without a home,' of coHeees, the Ulshops deem It doubtful whether too Itoatsu the sea-girt isle alone. Were England to mere tenants at will, and subject tu the bitterest many do not devote their time to teaching who mlgbt>na Suutbeiu account •I2,92« SILoes no the Central Cnrlauan Advocate to^102,047 00and paasengars to B. B. Cromwell h Co.SteamaUp Jamestown. Skinner, Blchmoatd, *a.i with -wooll not dieend Duty to themselves, to their cccupy fields of greater usefulness, wbile laymen outrages.he did not believe they had a beui^h of Bishops toat toree yeartwould stoop to coirupiion. Tne mother had misuu- Paid by order ol General Conierence to15,218 09 mdse and iietaf iignit to Ladiam a Hirtarkiw.S> eaauhlp Star o< the Soato. Lytm. SavaBaah, viaha lives In and tbis first-bora Hyatdtstined to achieve a work which wiU flu Earth «nk idaii^oo, and Besveo with songs ot praise. IhTlewef the various different denominations, Dr.yertki'lki Aaglo-sazOB aiaadar life here ta hla first-bom;wrongsoff^pi ingthey should not ne content to remain forever in a con- dition of thraldom and of moral and civil degradation, when the opportunity to rise was held out to them,mdse. and nasseogen to Samoel L. MttehiU fe Sta. Steamer Potoaiska, Dye. Mew-Bedlat«, withand nsttessert to Joe. Allen.Steamer Westchester, Jcnes. Provideaoe, withitc Isaac OdeU.Steamer Boston. Sellew, Philadelphia, wlthadiF. Perkins.Ship Baltic Zerrga. Urerpool March M,witoBw»and3eipastengerttoZeregaACo. April17,tat.44M,tnat in Emigration was one of the grand instruments of borrowed capital of $C0O, has now a net capital of tha pare Hie of its members alone consisted the power civtlization, and the Gospel required that Cfarlatians t7C2 1133 ; it has made large dividends on various oc-I,!Iour exhibit Tolal•156,31137Toaaa thooglit they sooold all work toietber;— one year toe exnl-.it sbonra a lute, owtog tosetUemeiitwithtoe.MethodistEplsco-and that each denomination should be ashould carry civilization and a pure Cbrlstianity to casions, and a part of tne capital has been given towork was principally done through Ue agency of three converted Hebrews, employed as colporteurs,ber of converts. I have already sent you toe ttatit-two weeks aj d pay bit exiHsnses.Rev. JauKB PusTsa, of New-England, was for ulti-the tUt and that after a pare religion had been spe-alally revealed at Bethlehem, the majoritv of oar spe-alaa aboald be sUves of a degrading saperstitioo—ofaa "oppressive Ckurehianlty " ef the dominant The number of families thus visited was 1.382; 34 bers and probationers in 1855 was 790,431, and of min-Schr. Wolcott. Parker, Botton 3 is., witomdae. to J^Sckr.'F terwin. Avery, BalUmoro Jds- wttheoaLto vieit Jewish families then.distrioute trscta amongst8UCC4 BS has attended its lattors. The number of mem-mately atjoptl>gmittee on tbe Epiecopacy to appoint the Ouurutbt irking,the same measures.oaon ,«!»«TM«d. ""J"*"'' y. _" .-Tvrr. ..11., fro«r nrortdtoi for a layv del- to- be DO urgent nacestity providtog,Ma. HWall-sg.', a»la 1 e'doek en ThoiadayTotaltia,783Making yearexpeaditureRev.(Cries of IandChurch is tube active and efficient. Great representeda lesolutiou the Com- autuoilziogCkareh of Bome. Dnder a new name, a worse thanfka «M Paatheon was restored In Rome. Instead of• Began Ponttlu, there was a Papal one. Far no- 11 New Testsmenu and 64,000 Tracts, mostly in Ger- 174 914 and 1,469. Tl.e cumber of church edifices iswaa tt to adore the demifoda of old Rome man. There were received ibofe down to an image which vras called From agencies(h)d foibld that one should cast ccn- From donationsAnnual subscribers Church collections Legacies:—an Increase in two yearsI mythology of Greece and saraMtkaaipdM.i Rome,Victims ol Chiinu- Rheumatism are respectfully Invited toglveSavannah BidimondMarlon, tor Ubarleaioa ;;Ibr Northernajoa « commendation on tbat m'>d- IIIIHotiowAT'sof Isr for i sCpiltnywallB.aJuaon,Individuals had called for serious conversatiuu;30 isters 5,4(18 ;water-c'osethasHis Medicated P-tper fortbe tmpait-Bibles had been distribnted, lo German and Hebrewmaking an increase respectively ofAnd leavlag a balance on head ofman, which was founded on tha dosing verses of theI cai' bear tou halloo"vU'e, v'a Salt Lake City, leaves Kt Joseph every Bator-day at 8 A M. LtUers ihooM be aurked, Overlaod Salsm. thort ol provltioBS aad watW, 1mightS;UOAtog terk Lonlsa. from Bermada Ibr Bostao. The T.had givenheeven to ChristthemfromtheUnitedStales. The ofthetwo fi prayers510 292 llUnols. slgnus elthstMBislup»927 34*i "5 27 00mated value of t21.34l 624of 960 churches, and 366 parsonages, at a valuation of (3,341,624.Bi»hop SiansB stked for toe Bishops' sake that Mr Hiu. wou:d witodraw hit mouon He would be glad If tbe Confeience would take toe whole matter to hand and conitltute the Court at once,rAdTerwaMat.J:danger existed of leanlog too strong] y to ivards the doctrine ofGenetee, opposed pointment of a Standing Court.ap-Colt, W. M. Niobolsaid 81' CHARLESTON, Bay t.-The;;ed nio e com-ort,depot No. 2 Beckman-sireet.aad Aowadtta feMetraT tta Awa"^ Kn•e»e<d«« Ql tha andnga that would flow tbat woold be realised alao by their return to the ences BBd Churches, (in SlavelaDor. Tha iif aia r""'*t111Jit•' aad,via., afterwards the chUdiea ofBUTary oaastka••InoarjadgBMBt, thsexlsteaca ef thaae Confer- ceal. A-raiaaik hhilawi laa laagnitnde of the tatariats ewMed to Ma irast,weroamjiaj sal,the that,^Isra•eele(obBadl,l return to aeek theat, aa an qgipiiMRlate JatrodaeOan to a con- David their King," he felt caafident that la due time*SJe'a?i?llS!i':*",wcliaiaef Hit •trrnia naa aniiaiiMirhs had a auaJof those who In a mere worldly offnna ago down fb the sea inpaint of view, tka additiaBsl securitygoods, treasare, and paasaagais, osder the care of wbo wetedlstribatad over thea ChTUtiaD eantada sad aieos men, was pointed oat. eulkwd whole earth—who dr-thonugh eraagtiKation ships.^*'* Theuniversal '*A'5"t,?"'''J*^.?«' triumphom porters, and sheoMaet beipanaitud toof the at the Choreh,puuale «'««n'- They are known to he underaDlseipUae whtoh eharaeterixae Staven aa aJ;jl»Mdevente of the timewas near at head, aad the caaverslaB of the Jews—wherever money elrenlated who adhered to aadthusanlacentivswasolieredtomerchantsand Ibclrfaithwith Butetowhichbetoellgl&teto relaliies and friends at sea, to aid Ue aUbavlnga tenacity which, aa their reUglon was tbeandlives will adodt ol eatauctoa- llberaiad staveDlvtBC,fartlon,gloriousstave or staves, luiets practicable, ategal efflaBei,>atioDntiaels wts happy to say he was the warm BobemlSAas it work.went, would make them the betterpermitthevirtues are unknownudBit,Kmrs. theinlwblUntshavelongbeenfamMarwiththejjcss diaaMethadlac andallowingtoemtimetoattenduponthepublic •I.t.second he had to set forth the difficulties of the place;At S*. Leina—Central ChrUtlan Advo- cateAt CBtCAOe—Nortowestem ChristianAdvoeaieLedles' ReposltoiySteamer Albatnas.given tbe Irish Methodists a great work, and whattbey bad thus far done was the precursor of the entire evangel-The larger numt)er, however, asked lor One of toe tatter had two hunOred andGood News Tbe gross recclpm have been :For the year ending Nov. 30. 1858m boat 8. WTBlint, No. U Islaad. took S'e^t ShlpLaey rhcmjpson. Pesttle'on, Liverpoel AsrOgLizatioB of the land.Bishop Jajiis read the Quadrennial Address of theTbosaMaa'a ^^S^i, S*t.'*'"*'>'*H^r''<^ods (brthelastTSs.Ckilat. aa well as the gloiy of God, and of theCinil«k,aa aOseted through the InBtnmentallty ot be held this evening at the City Assembly Rooms, at Bishops. The General Superintendenta tender their There was one petition from an unfortunate brotoer, Fer the year endtog Nov. 30. 1856Dr. Chizvseannounced that awillFor the affectionate salutations to the delegates, enlarge on to be excused a debt of (23 for in- For toe yearNov. 1657 30,Nov, lb69 30,Brta T. B Wattaoa. (of PkUadelptaia.) Monday, ftote • April 18. wlthoofee. hldeapublic meetingyear eeotog periodi alt, ending26.482 33 22.011 2848 .•69,844 39their wisdom and piety, and say pointedly that cannot see how party spirit can enter into to grave athat they are assured that tlterecrosatogof water on htatoat instance, was heavier toaa he could bear. yean;endli Dec. 1859 09 g 31, •15,213between tbe tat. of Si\iillt by Or. Sakuh W. Fuhu, President Shiloh Presbyterian Chnrch, upon the subject of Wacsu, p!onouiice a eulogy upon his life and charac- Rev. MoBxs Hiu, (Erie,) moved toat Ihe appeal of Md to this tbe Gapital block of the Chica-avaaiag ter, and notice the death of twelve members Alva W&iGbT,of tbe NonhOhlu Confereuce, be refer- go Depository, Nov. 30, 1658. which toen, af^jginw Callege. African Civilization. After the usual Introductory of the last General Conference. Notwithstanding the red to a Court ol Appeals, to exinsist of fiiieen mem- but not before was embraced to our ex-4i*ya(1ka VatoB Tbaolocleal Seminary, was deliv-Net profits•S«,104 68Ike ekoreh was well filled. After prayer by Prof. exercises, Mr. GsBan took his text in Isaiah, 57th death of the senior Bishop, and the illness of anotherbers. hibit Rev. Wa, F. Cewuia, (Iowa,) to loght the General TotalConference should appoint toe Court ot Appeals, and Cspitiil Stock, Nov. 30, 185915.702 31 „Bng Elvira, Clark. lUissbetoport, with eaal for Botton.71.806 99 Schr. B. M. Clark, (S-maated,) Otarlc, KlUatrrihaart. $£i2aii 73 wito coal for Hartford," He that putteth his trust of their number, Bishops have presided at all the Dr. Fnais Indalged In some pleasant in me shall possess the land." He said that the whole Conferences except two. The Conference on the Pa-a^~Brfeasa»I>r. Faaaa was presented to the con- chapter and 14th verse:cific coast has been met, and Bishop Siupson, as a delegate, accompanied by Dr. MoOluitock, has vis-saee had beea especially chosen for the accomplish, and to all mankind. He tbatjmattl this great work. For this fhey were pecu. loved his home and coimtry, but if the enjoyment of educational interests of the Church are represented latly adaatcd by their energy of mind which com- life and liberty were inseparably connected with to be prosperous, but larger endowments are needed Maca wlB bodily vixor. And the migratory spirit, these, then there were millions who were homeless. for the colleges, it is suggested tbat an educational «klefc arcntaally impelled the Anglo-Saxon to a It was among the first duties of a people to seek a board should be appointed, who should prevent tbetoat it should not be appointed by tae Cisaops, as ithad been hitoerto. Tne Bishops had been uoargrd•71,806 99packed and cortrolled by toe BithoijS. Hr bid too cern hat tieen overtatked for Ihe past five years, and to matter. da.,^lemlnissences, recalling his first address be.society, dellieied SI years ago. Refsirlng up in three thingsSchr. Z. A. Patoe. Sebekels, Bastport 8 da~ with la^te and flth to Stnrges A Co.duty of man and the happiness of life were summed15<l.4i)5 74ited the British ana Irish ConferencesBsw«(d,Iir. Fisaxi ttiought that the Anglo-Saxon third. In the faithful discharge of duty to our kindred Germany, and the Scandinavian and Turkish Mis-First, the worship of tha true second, in home and country; andthe former ex- amined the condllibn of Methodism in France andwith There were wbo endeav- corrupiion. agitators>God sions. Rev. FsAitciB Bttans has been ordained a Bish-iLuch respect fur toe Bishops tj oe wiiitog ih.it toey back toeir itatement wito toe followtog figures shoulo be left open to this linputa-i.jn any longer. To IBX COSCBBB OTXBTABKED.:lime r, B.imb»e«r ^—B-shop SiupsoR hopea tbe bictoren would relieve those v^ ho hit U\ the dark places of the earth. Tbe the Ciiurch Soutli. It is now in a hlgblv prosperous the 61sbop> by lahiiig tb'S matter into toeir own example of tne Pilgrim Fattiers was referred to. But condition. The catalogue of Sunday school books is hands. Tlie Bishops had couferreo, and taougot toere ite youijg men of the Society of Inquiry, exhor Ing for eiuigranis were needed—not the wicked and pro- very large. Tne Bitbops bespeak an effort to give a should be a san-iing Court appoinied by theaele-For tbe year enoing Dec. 31, 1657 6,eil Societyfor.theAmeliorationoftheCon- FortheyearendingDec.31,1656 7,034I!iabout Tuns (ItiO 000; but our caah piofita are leta.38, passed Slbraltar aame dar, with ITalt, tc..V ecnes.waihshCo. BadheavywestarlywaatiFur the >ear ending Dec. 31, I8i9 »,3U lu these amounu are not Included moneys paid for Tract purposes to toe Conference AuxlUary Societies. Tbe sum contiibuted for Tract purpofes for the last four years is 62 728, the greater part ofwnicb h>is The presentation of the Annual Beport of the been expended solely under toe direction of the a large portion of It in some ofeaparl idition of the Jews.THE covsrrioR or the jbws as aozscy roR TBI BPBIAO or CHhISTIAinTT... (62.91593tost.Brig Daniel Wsheter. Wsttertos. Palermo Manh 0,Society designated as above, and the delivery of the AuxiliarytheCourtwasdeciCed. Heims case the Couit would be appoin>ed hs usual. It cash for outside maite'S, as herein 8'ated,^(5C,3il 67, beilain FbelpB. _ _ _ ...Asaa. The reverend gentleman announced the annual sermon in its aid, occurred last evening in the Conferences in the payment of debts contractedappoiniliig wasstrictlyinaccoidancewitotbeusagesofM^tood-,the Dutch Reformed Chnrch, comer of Fourths'reetThe and Lafayette-piace. At the close of the prepatory Confeience, Is-Of TractsEocieiy on the fact that they had coaunenced to re-cover from a long season of prostration, beginning sofir back as 185S. The Society's efforts, were he salJ,worse Paganism should have arisen upon the niins of mainly confined to the City and iU vicinity, and its ous missionary contributions, and the increased num-aabjeet ef iiis discourse to beGod's covenant againstism lor the of them toBishopsto tne appotolCourt,and for onePscaalsm."secret ef the Lord is with them that fear him, and he devotions. Rev. Dr. Piaaav, the Corresponding Secwill shew them his covenant." A eload of gloomy retary, submitted the report. He congratulated th« Of Boui d Volumesover 1lRev. E. O. Havsk, uf New-England, hoped thatsuch action, toe change to toe metood of appoutment should be made.Rev. ASAii Fox. of Noithem Ohio, said this debateBjitaiT, the preacher said, overhang the moral con. may of the world, but Christianity was uplifting the TeH. It was, indeed, strarge tbat a new and even a.Of Montoly illustrated Tract Good Seas Total..25,B5-iOO0 20,br4.7«0 7,344,200A pet t'on was rcieiveo from the NorthwestIndiana::entirely drained ol lit active cash capital, and haserection of too many iiLStitulions of learning, that all tbat are needed may have efhclency aad ttrengih. Although tome ministers are needed in the Facultiesbers of the Cuurtof Appeals be appointed by tne dele-gates.Rev. Mr. Hiu, was astonished to hear the brotoerintimate that toe Bishops would resort to corruptpractices.Rev. Mr. CowLxs said be had expressly stated tbatthe ibttfive yetrs, we present a few figures: Payments to Metbodiit Epitcopal Church & nth since February, le>55 including •bli.ooo principal, and interett •9,120 48,Schr. 8. P. Bailey, Hnnt, Port Morris 3 da, to ballastArrlTed....BeaMT, MayC, Steamship EaatsrlUe, Post, Savannah, with aidM.tlcs of toe missionary work. Tne ministry of toeLounced topieach to thisplaceand viciidty to-morrow.Lord their God, andtheformerIn1859numbered974,345,andtoetimetodecidehowtoeCourtsootildbeconsitated. There would always be toe tame reaaontagalntt action, and toey would grow stronger wito ease 'has any useful discovery ever made. New WIND—Uu'ing toe day from N. to B,, aad tight. delay.the latter 6,6779,3U5, and of p:U8onages 2,54i), with an aggregate esti-and cured and mure 'Us preventedThe doctrinal unity of toe Methodists was also re- markable. A slight difference had to tome sections 347 60 manifested itself In toe manner of teaching the doe- 1.Quo 00 trine of CbristlHH Holiness. Some bal used deuoci- atoiy language, and had encouraged erratic and irre- sponsible teachers, so aa to proouce strife, and inLlvergeelSunday BnipaSouthamptonaadCorneliasOrtan ,-8 42 10,431 10.;somecases secessions. Poesioly some dightUev J. M. ot Ftiusa,toeCITY POSr-OFFICB.Dcpariare ef Demestle jfor'h—Albany. Buffalo and oanadssOnnooo, and Ferdinaad, lermoj brigs Bonaparte, ^"^Infant rrgcneratioa.in large cities, to owing pre-a dii aster logged tofcooner, wtto siBnala ol dietrees itoevious negotiations between mtolsters and cungregi- tlons. Soch arraagsmente ate evidently contrary to ihe economy of Metoodism, and are productive of se- rious tojury. Oa too part ol eome Annual Confer- ences ODpofidon has beea made to tbe traosfer of ministers from ofter Conferencei. Certato modi- fications were proposed. 11 they were male, cer-whose Btemt-ers should be n>-mtnated man or the Standing Committees.toe Ciuir-stationingpieachenbynot made toere would be fsciion. On toe subject of Slavery tost the pioposiUonireceived toe eonstlw JosiU majority of votes.Corfe'ence.Koadt by Uapt Bravleylehr.tiJn advantage at tha ezpeaae OreM clowd wJUj an:no extensiveot the nrto change toe General Rule netII IHall fromSt. Jasefh (Ma.)boat J. 0. Joaea. No. K.' lehr. Lacy J- Warrea, I4da.frproclaimed,organtaad...J..Bavaria... adrlatle..andSlarery, lay Delecattaa, Tenne ef Mln- women and children wi h an Intention to enslave::^ ...EJ •••*»y ..May ...Majisterlnl Service DI«ih«4laai.From Onr OwnBcrrsLo, Friday, May 4, 1860.Theral Conftreice thisNorthAfricaAragoNerto Briton.... ...m3 m. .UTsrtesImeeting eae that we hareEpiscopal Gene,Methodist Episcopal Church. In a few Innsnceatheir (tourcb relations have exposed them to some Botton—UBSperil,havebeentheirmoralworthandChrlsttanexcellence, Beaten—IttO and prudent conduct, that generally toey have beenpcimilted to enjoy toeir religious Immonltief, aadserve and worship God aceording to toeir cooscieaoes.Tbe usual petliioiiS were presented in their order.:theBishops,givingaeomprehessiveviewofthepro- gress of Methodism in the Northern United States diulng the past four years, was also read at this tet- sion.Bishop Amis presided, and the meeting was openeda»,a)iof one of tbem was somewhat para-exclude brethren in Chnst w.io 'FIFTHDAY'S PROCEEDINGS.SNCPr,VMitMlMameetiDgbeiagheUtntheWlater makeanyallutlontotheagencyoftheslaveholders comeforwardandwereintroducedtotheConference- rOIBTKOBTTBIDKLIQATBS—AU.I0ATIONS BouseandlottoSeventh-st. 9,50000Oerrespondsai.say that charge r^rrupiion to toe paper,..Hay ...Marof the' Methodistmomlig was the moat interestingpresented repreeentiveof the M. C•V...•6«,«n4» ASSBTS.^l^ii- Sartbayito. T. A. aiiler. isSSa- Lambert aad lady. Oast. O. Oefaaal a tS~PracrcaaafBishop Smptoa repeated, that If toere was any Angle-Saxoa. ... charge of corruption against a Bishop tt ahouhl be Perttathe certificate ofas thaGeneral Conference progresses, an episode occurswhich gives an Inkling of the prepatmttons in progress The address was referred to the Committee oa Cor- for toe discoEsioa of toe Stavery guestioB—shadowswith which the words of aid of the American Chorehmen would stab the leaders of that very Society, andreward them with bilier and malignant opposition.But, considering the little use of God'sword that had been made, much progress Methodista in the United States compiirea with the very, and otoer specific sttojecu, be referredAtClneinnati At ChicagoTotal.•427.M4 30I»«,032 85— 561,398 28fccontractedwas praaehad at Dr. Srana's Chnrch, la this opposition. Bome of these people wbo opposed Methodista in Ireland have had much to contendrespect-Iveiv to toe Committees which have those subjecu to •"Total sales atCtactonatl forin Ireland. It declares thatJ last erenlng, by Eluab R. CaATn, Anti-Slavery agitation were like Daaaa Partington's, with, but still stand firmly as witnesses for Christ, charge, was carried, and immediatelyhad been secured, and the fruits were seen intheand are determined to continue their work. Tneythink a brighter day Is dawning for Irish Methodism, and rejoice in the nope of abundant reward hereafter for all that they may do in iu behalf. The communi- cation closed with a complimentary allusion to Bish-ji^srASssyM^H^riS-^^ BchoonatBH. S. Barnes. Bavmoad. Itiithm Tstanding at their own kitcheas trying to keep back this Atlantic tide of reform. [Laughter.] Then there were pretended Anti-Slavery men, trying to appearBev. RziiBsx NxLsos (W;omlng) moved that toe petitions presented be referred en morse in toe sameW. Baeoa. TfQasreui Aniaath. Utha^!rS»SS^iX»the venerable Dunui op SiHFsoa and Rev. Dr. McCij^nocx, and their visitlast year of $7,401 71. In Isst year's report Tvae would have done, could he have lived to to Ireland as a delegation from the General Confer- ber of names subscribed on each, Th s of coarse, was aa lollowisiaved. Whocouldtoll whatMBlkre,iickjOBTme.TaaBrSuh^iaahthave continued his grappling with this evil t Some- ence.Rev. RoBissoB Scott said that, as thetimes the opposition to the pastor's work came from delegateofLewisSloop WBlaiid, BaetUirngham. Hew-Then: ao that the actual lacnase of rO' tees, sometimes from tbe society. Athousandmodesof first, be desired to convey the fraternal and affastlon- Rev. Mr. Nelson moved that toe resolution, offered cadlaaiy sooieee, over last year, is op- attack might be made to keep him from his work. ate salutations of the Irish Conference. They re- by toe Chairman of toe Committee on Slavery, refer-^^:h_Co Baaaer, Ferr"is, Pr"oTtdr-ao-e- master,lost,:a( tatjOOO. The gipenditmres have been Clabz and Wnjsairotoi had met withjast such oppo- garded their American brethren with the warmest toe of the annual 7 73, laavlag a balaaee on hand of (3,944 ii. sition. Another instance was in the case of Rev. Dah- sympathy. They had been speclallr pleased with ring joiunalsveatrjrmen, as in Dr. Tnie's case, sometimes from trus- the Irish Methodiste,lt was his duty to do two thingsvoeate~"~T of mlsilnairlea sent out during the past DL WoaiH, who was present, who had been Imprison- the deputation sent to Ireland by the last General wholesale, be reconsidered. Cousiderahle debate fol- 1 44, which, with 22 others recelTOd in ed because of his open declaration that he would Conference, and believed that if Bishop Sihpsoh and lowed, andGood News Qnarteriy Review.. Cnrtatlas Apoluglst. Sunday Setaoal Bell.945 825 183ston. CrocbeioD * Co.May 1.1f. M., li milea MTaC -I»I with that branch of the Choctaw Mission r tke American Board, aaakas the whole adaea to the ndsstonaty force daring theDr. McClhitocx were specimens of their brethrenRev. Mr. KiBOiLT said Us eibject to.9,160 .12,000reach the word of God on behalf of the oppressed,? who attacked the Bastile '^eyaafli btlag doable the namber in serrice daring like Joxa Baova or Rev, Dabisl Woaia should be work in Ireland. They grew out of toe fact that it MBailas lajgaidiag the success of their labors men would come in and try to take the credit Was from which there was a large migratum. Within tentoe re. toe result had been toe consumption of much time to discossioa—toere-.2,199S,2«7 1,000Bteat^pJam,.spherehere, they were entirely worthy of their love. In theoffertog^expressedV Tnjkmm ^tJ'J'&'^k OST.Havaaa. A. Hao^STSf;—9143,160 86all petitions.to them from association- toe toflueace which toe Impoaing number of the Anti-They felt attachedadmired the system of the Church, and believed that the Episcopal form of govemiaeat was the correct one.would They would have beea sent to toe Committee on Slavery without Bishop Hoaais introduced Rev. Robucsoh Scott, bceoiunrgseantnooeun"ced, one by one, to toe Conference. Of Progressives"—astoose wbolavora change of toe rule are styled to contradlsitoction to toeIn Ireland.Boo^Aceounta Balance" Dedoet 33H per cent from amount due"i»iii»iy> Soetety. whoae sphere of opeiationi es giving their babes laudanum to sUeiuse Mr. Scot* and the address of the Irish Church, in re- morning was mostly occupied to a lively dtscasiioniaona acBae as an anziUaiy to the The churches, he said, were like hired nurs-Conservatives," who oppose it—voted it down. TaeA letter, dated at Dublin, AprU 3, 1660, accrediting iloa, which was as worthy, In Its retalts, of spirit in which the subject of Slavery was repressed ply to the address of the last General Conference,Cromwell k Co.; Patapsoo, Tail, FeitlaBd,•B—.£a~(« wcUaCe.Ika fftflra wotn. Tola was introdactory to all interruptions to their enjoyment;ol toemetood ofAs one of the brethren said afterwards, Weon Notes aid Book Accoonis" for baddebtitoeywayto toeConference.Hiscross, toDeduct lost on Central Chris-:2,282Bedford,Steamship CahAwba, Smith, New-Orleaaa Aaeflgt.. and HavanaSOth. wito mdte. and passengers to Uvk£Excess of outside pay'cs over pr( fits... gdOtSil 37 8luvContlitotion.(BT.,) Jonet. Liverpool SdBn with theni lo take a broad view of ihe field In whlca ihey fane, the pi uud and scornful, the faitbiess and u<ibe- widetcirculation to the tracte. A number of works gwtes, the members of which wouiu bee 'uie rami,iar Now Ibis lehole amount of •156, 3li 37 has iieen mdie. and 41} pasaenaert to Williams h Ooia^ Aiell were to labor, gird themselves lu the armor of Chris- iieving, the lazy and timid, the ignorant and suDer- have been published in tbe Germiin language, and tftith the laws governing the action of su -b courte, piilu out for matters outside of our proper business 16. off toe Beaa «( Ktosata. was to 00. wltosUp Oaiw-ttaalty, aad ao forth in the stieogth of their conq'ier- stitiouE i but men and women o- strong faith in God, siDiiiar i^ublicatioiis in tbe Scandinavian language . and be tmtoentiy fit'eo to do josuce to every case. experses. snd it It a matter of turpri<e to ourselves, tatioB, from Liverpool for New Tork.kg Lord. The meeting was i^loEed with tbe singing of lndustr>, and possessed of true Cluistlaa inteltl- are called for. Ttie Church perio'iic^iis are spoken Kev. D W. CLAXxa, ol New-Yors, was 'or u lostl «hen we look at these figures, however It may strike Bark Chevallle. Anderson. Klo Janeiro Harsh IL wHhaf the Doxology and a benediction by Dr. Fiania.The American and Foreign Christian the deepest attention was manifested tnouguoat.Itutlng a Court of appeals ol tweuty-five memiers. to be buminateci by the'Cumml'tee on trie Episcopacy.-',gefice. lie concluded by answering various objet;- of very lavoraoly. The cash receipts of the Tract So- tioBs ta the esfaeme. The house was well fiijed, aud ciety have been :you, toat ae Concern hat 8to<.d it as well as it has. coffee. Ac, to Kirkland a Ton Sscht. Teasels Ml be- There is anotoer aspect to wbich we desire you to lore rep(»rted.For tne year ending Dec. 31, 1656 5,B70 IRev. Gxo. IIlLl>T, of Ea6t Baltimore, opposed tne ap- look at this. Oar grt ss profits have been, as we state, MaBriclhg Caora. Fetead, Tarragoaa Marok 18. MalagaSocietiesas about the amount o! cash profits reaiizt^d since Fev Brig Lctieiy. iBr.of UiiidoD.) Hnrrell, Palerota;hoped tbat iu iiiart1655. Now, wiihlo that time we have paid in March 10, paeeed Gibraltar tlOi. wito fruit, Ac, toCbaat«4,170,900 Tbe Bishops tpesk with gratification of the numer-mighi be very ecifynig to the de-egates, but it woulCoiiferriice, with regard to toe proposed cnanges oftoe boundaries of Cooferenres, respectfully askingUntitled Document-.r^- ^-.-:^-::»t~^.yi.^5&i:»l:,;-'The views oftteBMMpa*"**S!.V.i ri'iSS;'?**.? Stavaholderwhich toe prohibits.tbeittieonStavery- generallyiupeiacrdoxicalslaveslp"tlToonTotal Bnffslo—18t< Buffelo— .867 Boffaio—laea BBffa.o-18M Total.....fBfU M -..•H76T«TU 047Slaveryhave been negatived.designed to produce,that was theproperbrought to bear Ifnlly op this sin, could itibe was, as Hr. Scott afterwards called it, a " character- got our steam up thta momtog ;" how toe water was The followtog u tbe exhibit of the Western Book Orient. HOI, Spofford,toe rule.toe change.forty -ntoe signatures.6,500.•16 7S5 30fr.they ate to labor for the advantage the whole ly Conference, asking for toe insertion in toe Olsd lei ence16,336 82— •83.539 71 mainsidl. parted wheelrope, fell e.ff aad wassoaehW^i^to aaycfBcialstManln Uia Church, where toelaws ofItev. F. A. Bladis, uf Di^troit. favored thi; appoint' merit o' a Court of fifteen mem^'.ers to eacli case aa it was preeeiited.Re-v. 8 T. MopBox. of New-Jersey, movel that a Ccurt or fif'een aiembeis.to be appoiofd bv tn*. C-iin-sit ou Ihe cs>e u' M. Ephcopacy, Waiaiiv,P. IfKisosLT, (Erie,) arose. Nets' mind,andRev. J H Bsovii, (B.tt Balt'mnV.) thoughtCourt fhfutdlytoR.laoa tha•^"»" «-^''*«~-.BfeMvMMQk'aaw m>UyVahad vety Unk^States) under their presentelrcumstaaoes, itoant ttmtti >oi^t,bya^ISde aai STSoor^SSwords,which (UsfraDchises atravaUng minitsotenrjoy freedom; any of Ihe Bishops, they should be sent before theof such slaves, conformably to the laws of tbe State DRev.AptU » UverMd.. .uatrffa.boytogofhold from toe Cburcb. There was one from India for toe ettabllsbment of a conference toere.:toe Court of appotottog " Ap-Abb EUsa. BeMasoa, PhOadeMda. Bsasi A ; Hiaabath.Beimer.tSSSm!—^:manner. This motion wasannouncement of toe numerouschange of the rule on Slaveiy, together wlU toe num-conferences by theSunday School Advo- cata60,509 49,317Vote," Readv," till you're 'led ofta Flaeer-ftLeitenfor toe CaUfomta Pray Bapreas wlB be te-ac i"n in tb's rase, hut in thl« case onlyMr MfKsoB's motiun waa carried.Rev. G. MvObT mived tbet a eon-viaJoitph."IS. dariac awhich btardcd bar. SappUed ^MrrwMTr S7US(Clnciinatl,)mlltee of fi,e he appoliited tti cuust er ihe uieflu-i uteelvrdtoe offleeIhla City, (BaesiAa st'eam Totallo«."»l 11. sfSewhal- B. «. has bten 8 da. M. of Hatteraa. withheavy H.aadIto be let alone." Tbia and a h >tti•1,127,851 00and five months, to March31,1858IncreaseThe clrcalatton of pcrlodicalg at the close of 1859"^ ss-SffeLand to2. Css*.-Cashonband1,297 00— 122.134 44 17,00000ta»brother who. amMapertaaal IHaDd,Matetlalt, Ac8. Notes and Book Aecoimts.-Due onIiotes and Book AecounU TotalLIABILITIIS.Notes aad Book Accoaats and Bonds to-..1»TI- I flaMi. ni»-namely NBaotneoss:1S40. were„Co.:Toaoala, Batchdder. AsptovauTHTB. OnmSCapita]fonryeait ending Match31,1856 •«49,i40 78 At Chicage for toree yearsT lb. Oesn ^ve. ITua^r. •SKaU^aL'o .ttStheBlabepahadbeeachargedof Ihe. Utter. He he had stated toat itstbooghtIn charged to apaoer'by tooae aeostomad to,Commtttee on Bplsoopany. NevaBcotlan. ... ...Ma»"o'totendedto toerewas ArshtaBaxonta Tanderbnto'*b« >»okNew York and preienied and referred. The fol-agento atlowtog U toe exhibit of toe New-Yotk^k (incernrC.I.n;cton"aSt?I'*" wereAmerlaaB :JS S::::&» 5: ..aanaPlates,toT^'Capital Stock, Nov. 30, 1855IncreaseThe Western Book Agents complato toat their Con-Scbr. 0. D. Hallgck, Ball, Elisahethport, with eaal Ibr NeW'BaveiLseive the Cburcb, to save toe credit ul the Bishope To show you toat we are not wluout reasons forand the General Oonfe-en :e, be mbved toiet tne mem- our opialon toat toe Concern hat been orertaakfKl in aad latot to John P. BeU.Ubusu.ess because ilie members would Nov. was 67ol a Court first because;often pass on the cases of bretluea from their own Nov. 30, 1656, wasconferences.;would take all toe time of Its roemtMrs to iraosajl lUtre amount r.ue us in Ctoctnnati and Chicago,to Bermuda, when, dartog 1st aad Bd tost ,a heavy gate from E. B. E. Took a pilot tmmOur gross profite duitog tbe same pe>iodShowing an increase in debts due us of •24,663 74him there should be a sneedy trial. Mr. WaiQUT could To arrive at our Icasb profi's, de<)uct this ta 000 hobiDion-vessel te B. A. Richards. KxperiaaeedLot affoid to wait till this question o' the method of from toe gross profitsot •106,000, and yiiu have tHi luo heavy N. E. gales on the coast.Rev.Mr. Hni.desiredtoatlathe case presented bypassedeibraltar 28to, with lemons and oraacea te Jta.beei. compelled t«i depend largely uponIts credit for-"not be so to B-otber WaiosT, if he had to lemato nere were referred, and toe CoBferei.Ct! adjou ned to Mon- Schr. Flying Fish. Law, Oloacester 2 ds., wito lih taof otoerday. Nn lets IhKn trtwn/y of the delegates are sn-Schr. S. E. Jone.. Jone>, Alexandria ds., wUheoaL Rev. J. M. UtiD, ot East Gruesee, said now was Gatbttt is the greatest beiiefactor of the age. Schr. Alex. Cojper. Sort. Virginia 1 ds.. wiU (IJileiS. .<Ball**.Steanthlpt Tandsrbllt, for Havre, fee.: Atahama, <hratMo. « Coattoeatal BsnktAOTertlwmeot.]...Ctnich.Lii101,165.M»il.....».. _A. a. ta P.«7,137 10—104,294 90years eading•334,618 07Jan.21,Barks Weathv SoddaitL Sage. McKse, Rto Jaaetn, C.M^^227,373 »5- 877 214 88ersftCo;NaaettaTOyarhMcs, ft, ThHtts.HKSt.31.000 Laoies' Repository 33,400 3,820.. Misttooary Advocate. 8,00085008,01813 300 8,200Isaac..CfcaBbU^toa. Bid. la eo. wito MdeoMTlS'BiStaN.B. aad eoaataatgalas, raiaa. April MaMMapetltiunsPills A>D — Oi»th«ht,—have found quick relief by using for London. _TorAovn,Skinner, for It ihoald be aufkcd, Ovsriaad tad ft. colored boys whl:h were offered for ^I'tepHot ** ipeke:tad,. MtssM.Bnat, OkCtaadTA!^Hebtiie, Oatbariae"4*4|8aBteta....BI8B WAT»—TBI7SeBiA|TI.I«aHtotWHen MARINE INTELLIGEJICE.nir-T0BK....8ATDBDAT, Marlw_ ^ Baady Book. » 01 1,Belnekea;Tilesttm fttS*Co.; ISO. Eatea, Boatan. W. W. k 4Kee* Hon;aSSiS* aielphta. J. W. MeKee : vibu^o^vSHSi.'SStfHaaDbaja. Ho data, lat-chr. Benry Livtogston, (Br.,) Handt. ,-4-^.25?*^ Joaes, Provtoanoe, witti^'(Men.Steamer Dawn, FeiTT, Rev-Bediord, wlft 1paaaengers to Baistow A Pope.Ship &mlbsm bale, (01 Soseon.) OaldweQ, BaneUareh 37. with mdse. to Wa. WbiUrek, Jan. "-»Schr. Margaret Ann, Reed, Calais • da- with tWasbicjRten,36SloopSootbpott,Glaodtog,NewBAVaa1da.,with mdse to a aster.ThetteaBallpthit afternoon from Richmono,coBie ol theiae deatlved10 the water'ashifc M. %,, was slgasllied Apra3»,lati j nds. from the Clyde,baraad edge. SheiagBypoaea-tobbateUllaas. ww.fultonhistory.comiMaii 