 I; '.*»!.-. -. '*•'•««»•••*TMJlogic are sadly at fault.How a man's conducta Oeyk«*sdseUM^ wtoef«toV- "demand was briak. Withof only 9,225 bbls. Flour, 16,606 bushels Empire,—Wheat, and 22,202 bushels Com, ssles were re-"fljIM" ported of 38,070 bbls. Flour, 210,000 bnshels Wheat yO.«M BBOADWAT—P»or. Jacobs' ICaoicai Extu- and S6,000 busliels Com. Prices of Flour and'inBI/)1 BALOOK—OmamCbksti'* Misstiilb.Iight,is bis'; .~,-. <»"'..^ r';^]^i^ • 'T'^'^wilfriitu . ^_of Chilean, which they were forti- fying as a part of their base of operations. It'harp—..At this point of the piooaedings apartoffbel by allowing tbe delinquents to go scot free. pocket, fills his cellar, and his stables, and his a blasting notoriety, and upon which, in after lag over tbe ccebaatia gave way wttk a loud.w .jniTSK a-iKBPf—Ou PmHAMW- '-^.'lyextensive. Theexportconfessing, 'published yesterdaythe Ancona,down ^m:permitescapeprisonersof the—7after the head ofthe north has been enished. But such aThe Richmond, "Va.,.««X f«^; ^ li.respected." Ifthis be a fairei4^ ^m to,:.-. iftf.t^=news assisted tiie marltet, but the pre-Licusa. Krentag main stfanulant. No alteration in Honey or Ei- Flowery Kingdom and the Christian worid,c *aH3*«W»8*U'**^— BHIWtCtlVABT,N». t» BlOABWAt—Chctch'* r«AU*RT—r at tn WosunM. ibT»3B0Al>WAT—Ho9Hi»'I'm««Piotn«»OALuraT.MKWS OF TH£> DA'S".fee letding feature of the foreign news whichut to-day, is the brilliant rtoiy of oIi»ALDiinSicily. Wetransfertoourcolunms-*" 'right own,•^^".i^'*r '**^ '„diplomacyin the Far East thaaof Iheir victims.When a man loses illsgrave, dignified saperiora,. . . i.-- .-thousand copies of the Harper's Ferry Report this necessary expenditure of French blood and But the offence committed was not an of- standing in the community,—his good dinners, into resistaHce, which Brooks practised so Cot WiiGHT, of Massachusetts, oa a qncstioo ofMil, in relation to the disagreeing votes, a concert of action with France in the East the other. It was an offence against the Court, fortiine, Ws regular attendance at church, his now so common at the South that it has come geant-at-Araas would t>e Instmctad to clear tbe Soor-< '\T'' 'negotiations and reconciliations of any twopersons who may be guilty of such an offence.The only contempt which can be "settied" withPope,sured from Ireland that the friends and relations of these valiant volunteers look'te bntthose eoncemed to deal-^.-^- —^^-r»j-i«it<aaMlThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com'AJ«r«c«,^S*»SaB9P'^- fr^X:'^T''.has country. ofIn like manner we have the openedto the civili-^"made the Aichiteet-in-Ofaief, Mr. OuUTao, the United States into acting with them, there bywitnessedtheplantingofaJapanesetree. They seemsUtUereasonto,|«liietsdeaBytJUB« elas. TbsiBtaelpaliatcTaeteeattaoasto'Cke aetkn of itsbeeaHeMHefciWHtllhitoVaewboIldiDg set apart at their expense for the en- mfioritftfrsrtmktbaMWttibU eaass eftertainment of a foreignvisit tbe United States on business of natianal_ v^mnnioax.nKUOMir)lif«MUh*4«T«7 galHy.The silly and frivtriovat»i»tm Uia cst# fcnr,SvraoemdNmmb«l). -ether nsBiaii, iila pocketed the dlfler-United States and other[vapa«tj'«*>lMJMWal4M»teSmm])aiuBa. MfMB MMliV ar* CMfarther was obtained.politicthat Kdvub     InoDeofoarCityjoaiBalsthefbOofli^ltetement yeeterday moning |»J appeared^DispatchnoweleTsifd to the rank of a wai, wouldby ..tnvr^ii^treQQnaMkably contemptible. Ituestab-"lat the HeapoUtan General at Patermo £ 'JV.^osicu liimwlf of the anaietiee to take up po- •^>3A.'<Mluisi£<.<Ta tlDaataoiB( to ths liberal forces thanandsilver-mounted pistols, have given waypectedstrangersperhaps not at aU, and witti whom they can-not possibly converse. Women of loose life. In seceders for Prestdeat, aad HasseiBi taamta tm^'.''^'UlSedaances. Theblood-mai^,top-boots,andwhomhave aeen but ence, orBiffldliic.presumed, found Bbown tsnen them. Tlie Jurynon-belligerentFow-TkeScaMaltT^TeTHUSwwri-wwuii tm»ooi^Jnstlce fiMKBT, of the Supreme Court, yester-.iny .(f ItatfV w aMR «iU »e •O' iJ»t W|il Hw Jtari-HTMl^r ud WecUy ttoCKaiyaMal tkalovaMdnkrUM. Spednungivingperformancesyesterday morningBoBiMsoN, President of the(1—.<U— •MMdaUt^^Mm4.T t MWHThe third day's races on thenent and radicalin China as the newmostofWashington Railroad, had Tolontarily confeoyid«U(j, weinvite the immediate atteattatf]n*Convention has,oiiangeforeign intervention is al-aoeoaipiUHdrim !tgj^aUnned to the Fubllsbenplace yestetdaj—TAro^wiec*beating Ironti inRichmonda fraudi*lent appropriation1" ~1« pabltehed on Vb» Fziee, Inwtmfperi.Pttulitu and SUrbMm in three straight heats ofone mito each. To-day is the grand day for the lowed,four-mile race, the New-Tork Hotel Handicap and decomposition of tbe whole system. Had andi MM(<OAUt98HIAWtm-TatkOity."-«»«>** BrealJW.visited theCentisi Park, and thioogh a happy airangementUnited States instead'ofn OAM>»f—Lmr or *h> Lakb—La Oamhs. rai^t^dot;btofficeis contiBued tbeit aliopping excotsioos.An active business was done in Stocks, yeeter- on a satisfactory basis, and that an epoch of ran be highly honorable in robbing a corpora-ffiw-maWMXT TH«A»K*-EMbiui»—r«»jomo-presidedsee,aadAUbaaa, Tlutls tos«y,therw1ttvsMlea*M 'theDooglasdelogatloas'freesthose lllstsi. IfH_/ '-*•* <?«»*•-> yi j^]md|BI|iS]|n9Bim—Aftcrsoon—already been begun lietween the mysterious and sequenceheMbMKamours" atsightwithnew-comersofsll natimis. The tommof_;whyTtie only peiliaUon of his conduct which has sois madeamours" between a Japanese boy. -'*"**'llFn»TH-8TBiKT AHD FOUETH-ATSSCB- receiptsa»lBW ffnurr DiyBAsrm. '. ir OUUIWIII MaSASAUZ.what was snre ofhim. Butif tbe Richmond public comes to consider an'Vbglala has exerted tbe New-To*_i lii nand Awa Btnhtur Uiethiee-mfle race; beating•Ncw- theTbe lapaneae Embassy yesterdayI.defalcation this is nothing— ary. Butthetelegramaddsiattemptingtodragoon thisaffairishighlyhonorable,- * -^fifAT.jm«KT—Ko.3»6-yamoc»'a rmgAHMT ions and Groceries were' generallyas it amnaed the to think of theceeadanfioBdayalready spoken, eaehSunday Uw^'- TM' Bmadwat—KXHUi- Whisky. A somewhat livelier business was re-success,certainly havelay their hands on, and then magnanimously own up," and bring tears ol sympathy to the">*' $^^t^..aMrdHMe*ftk»LoudenTiflui,inwhichthisstory thatactiveoperationsonthepartoftheallies |to and for Eu-and circulation ofWM ^Igm jMly.guests^andtoaeeQaiit* of the last year's cam- The oondact of the Xespolitan ,xnfMf(aittM tnd Gorenunent throughout thistotowards the aas Mr. Habbis. The old storyTbe modem ""debtod Cortfii .rfthousand men,wereontheir wayof of meet- men did a hundred years ago, makes false entries, issuestlieir own' lecognitiontheWtovAu of Tezss, aad Lbakb ef Tliglala. •• vaty severe on tbe New-York dalegstieB.appearportant post willbenotedas cmioosof a race whichfeature of the CM- Once more we have the Oriental conservsr-^^''^'^M ^d eowatdly bnoMurdment of the city was seek to distinguiah between the part playedprofiting by their misconduct to excite againstand roamingthe writing-desk. lonelyFaBOurANohas indeed been virtually that tbe Mandarin Court ismuch more drama now culminating to its denouement in of its property without giving its nerves publicChina shall be arrested in Japan before the tbe least jar, and without eliciting acurtainhasfallenuponitsopeningact. Contempt of Conrt.duty^'^-* ''XM." It is ramansd that the Qneen Dowager, todiploma-<' 'tngerccDiUered necessaryto theorder of Eu-;^ 4 t-'T wpitt e»fl eonnsbla tlie mad policy of Fbajtcis ^-.^rSklalaiMlyattributed,wasonthepointofquit- The" Emperor,alwaysfiillofcompassiont- ''M.iImthelCingdom, and tint the King, resigning great' ~^' ^Wray B3 hcpeleaaiy lost, was about to attempt for strangers," would gladly see France imi-Another contempt casehas been "settied,"from perpetratiBgmay earn them' .^ ^ tti save h^ cootinental crown by ioaugurat- tate towards her ally in the East tlie courseWehavestated that in the case of harem. The art of plunder has kept pace withmust look back self-contempt.with shame anddownlato tiia orchestra of lb* portioas(i. .«that ofmore like thespoliationof1760,thanthemodemamputation ASmsAKiMOSttlbofCbivalby.hw a «ODatitntional system. Great dissat-already TowHSXND vs. Gbat, duringThe modemyears, tlieylettinggationa trooi New-Totk and PennsylvaBia. Tbe scene that eaaned daSes a^ bIyouth were aooompanied on the line of maiiish?*^r-^la eoostitutional, and .that bVaheIr Sunday petfoimaoces defendants forfeited their license, and hence were properly enjoined fromwhich is somewhat worse fliaa lOly and OIHm ] telegraph brought oa <he Mwa tQMa, Ims.the residence of Mr. J. O. BmBtn. About 36 of the snboidiaaterenderingof thepeMlcalso virltedWaafaingtonHeigfata,a<iMilwfc«|<wjisLlrtiiiaWt !;3P^ew-Tajtaadcbange rates.The movements in Breadstuffs were unusuallrfrom wliieh a quiet and subtle influence mighthave been diSiised throaghout the Chinese farcometoofand women of the sort who contract "'Wlieat advanced decidedlydearer. -The freight engagements of Breadstuff's werelikewiseheavy. TbetransactionsinPrevis-we canWithout pretending now to discuss the wiH forthwith appropriate everything they can long people GMtfia.limited, asMrOarAiMdiM. were those in Metals, Tallow, Pish Oils and causes of our we"T0M>rr"a8 ashowing more signs of our common human joritrrsportwllbontBedlteatloa. TUiwffl bs M-itrmt tilth it. ,._ bf BaowK to a jwho aaaied #2,000 as'<^^iiS%«tIf the Aogto-VreBeh think it necessary to^^,ba4^d* ailkliil n. xationa.tMB* fbr the atand. and waaeager^whether it occurred In his ' prsaeneeornoClie"HDJI at asr^tfcK aiid Aat stie had employedrinialiirafehtto sell it. Baoira and theij^*TMorderingproved byOnapplicationofhisconnsel,theBe- ers,the cotder poatponed his sentence till to-day.theAllies8'***'°8appUoatloa for a dttsaalMBl,anaonn^ his decision In the Stadt Theatre case,finingthepropristora$260. Heheld^atthetiott of which we haveprovince of Chinese China is a realm of itsaif, capable of the ordinary functions of civil life,Japtaeae an i« t»mm.Japanese, about otie of the ialMor eOteeia < jihe Embassy, are at last aamiwhi aontli a new license Fashion Course tookevenlongthe bodyin perma-•psetalte-tfes-MNI .llniiMiiis,^;out,safely predictand Com was alsonese mind by the soldiers and the sailors of itcherished even at Peking, were simply puerile.the Piedmontese Government, to force it into a The action of Baron Qnos, and the conduct latter informed the lawyer that, if he did so, the same period.ofteam that a strongoutside pressureis put uponstrikethejudgmentdebtorwhereuponthepresent areSome raabedtheway. 1 BaajLerl""noisy butcheryfire-eatingnished at Baltimore in the difficulty between platlcra, othen made for tbe doits, or taepaisddedaiation of war against Napier. The official of the French force, which, although he would " cut his out." To thistransfer of Bavoy and Nice to Prance was accom- | guts elegantUASandclambered up to a iviadow and drolled oat, witialQle 4comparately insignificant in numbers, ment of those provinces would be administered in yet led in the attack on the fortsDommit lalmimfae imperatorem would be chant- rel of England in China. However ill-advised ed In the churches. France and Bussia, as a proofof thrir modeiation, had promised to aid England the diplomacy of Mr. Bbijce may have beenmenacethe counsellor a replied by drawing"can no be concealed," the longerpublicblub-face,then, in theplished on June 1. After that date the govern-|others prepared to make an exit la fltewereorderedtobeprinted. ThereportfromtheThe Senate thenlL-«<IBCMrad in the Senate's amendment providing>r':.evidentiyquitemajorityreport Hestatedbeforedoingsotbatqa*» years has been yielding an unfailing supply of its character. It was tbe Srst tla* tbat a Commtttoe aadelicious and faealtiiful waters. There is probably Credeatiala bad bean caned upoa to dseUe sano medicinal spring in the world which has con- adaiisaian of delegates after a CoBvaafiaB bad seas'guests. Congress larlyparticu-a^oumed. te the punishmentvate animositiesof tbe floor.No person was hurtThe Convention took a recess for oas boor.During the recess the audianoe raniilaert in, tlie Western Band playing several aits la the lassntim*The damage to the floor having been repaired, tha Convention again assembled at ll!( o'clock.Mr. CaAia, of Miaaouri, oflazed a aeries of laaela- tioas which be desired to read.Mr. Coox, of Ohio, raises tlw poiat of order that tlie Itst boslnesa was tbe report of tlw ComadKae oa Credentials.Mr. Cbaio supposed be Itad a rUtt t» eai) iar (he readlsg far informatioii. Ths resalaUaas wan aa-tteir who deputies,The Irishof their "the' - $J,000. or impiTsomnent not exceeding two years. late their gravity and importance. To supposeis oneof tbe times which aU sober-minded.^ -.is notpossibleto dissimu-difficulties,''Tariossotheramendmentsfromthe Senatewere concurred in,when the death of Mr. Schwartz was announced, and the usual resolutions adopted. A Committee was appointed to accompany jl^t re- mains to the place of interment.that the Chinese forces, were they openly of-"But we have the strongest possible interest in nniforms. embroidered witli theyear ago,^ lie nport recommending the admission of the determined assault of two such Powers asJustice,protest'TheB^tiraOTe Convention accomplished nothing vesterdsy. TheCommitteeonWednesdaymadeDouglas delegates from Louisiana and Alabama,England and France, is idle. If the Zouaves and the Highlanders are ordered to go to Peking, to Peking they will go. Whether they willperforms,andotherStCtes. Aminorityreportwasmadeinthe•nti-jyoaslaa interest. The Convention found ithnpeoibie to act up<Hi these reports, partly be- find the joomey worth making, after they have caaie the New-York delegation was not pre- madeof the contesting delegations fromolive and be beUered all braneh.poithniB.'!r'P«i**',to Vote, and partly on account of thejusticetothepublic,isthetechnicalcontempt ontheirjvhich consists in failure to obey an order which is more creditable to therssniatlsas idaliar to tbe Platfem sbooU be laad aad niactat.putlaoate temper'Inily' adloanea until this morning. Meantime, tturooghout a great part of this most singularhotels.language during a judicial proceeding are mat- able to bear imder the loss <^ the flower of toga is the Congress Sjfiring, which for seventy Uons bad arisen before tbe Committee aoval ta Ibairitbetfdihat the New-Toi-k delegation has de-ters between the delinquents and the State,up "fighting Tipperary,"cided tothemajority report,so far as of empires sufficiently illustrates alike the so-bent ontheLo^dilana awl Alabama are concerned—and it is lidity of the Cliinese social system, andbeUeved that ibis report will be adopted—that the the impotence of its political machinery.earning Bonkkt's conrse is very like that which has Pope's benediction and St. Peter's pence in the —supportwhich the Court is bound to punish. JudgetoeingTSSi ef bodasM.Southern delegates, with some others, will secede,shape of silver Roman pauls. But Italytributed so within the same time to the duly oiganixed and was In tbe ( iand that Docolas *ill be nominated those To by whoseizePekingandtlieEmperor,tolargelyeven that small knot of fanatics who compose public health. Itis said that Saratoga can nowA fiom Inla aaked if tUs spseeh was delegate Tligin order, or tbe report t If ths cpseeb was la m4m,remain. The secedera will probably select Gen. abolish the fuandarin dynasty would notItaly—not seem to welcome the exiles of Erin half so warmly as they are dismissed by theirliiAuraatfaeir nniMtth The proceedings were at all secure the execution of the Treaty—^The most conspicuousbsdidaoldsdreto Cries of Go oa," and No," No."by theRussianwhomtheSun-Burst of Erin," in green and gloriousficeredexcited Englishmen were so sure they descriedcan resist with success for any length of time theandwebehind the Pei-ho a gunsrum In Courtsphaticallyofing brilliantlv, though the cool weather has made it some days later than usual. At Saratoga es- pecial preparations have been made for an extra- ordinary influx of guests. The hotels have all been overhauled and refitted, and have accommo- dations for many more than the usual number ofit, isquestion.orquiteof the delegates. It accord- chronic existence of organized rebellioninjunctionof the attraction of Sara-aanotherTheissued in the course of a civil suit. But threats of violence and filthygoodsense ofTbe rsaolotloBs were, tberefors, act ia oidar.Mr. Caca, of MMsoori, toek the goor to siaksin debate, until Mr. Sbebha}! inaugurated are. whichEnglandandFrancehavenowsetout form. Memberswereallowedtocallnames, J«H«x BavOAXX. of FemnylTaiiia, which was fol- to enforce. As a Russian journal, the Abeiile and threaten personal violence to any extentnuisanceofthe dayBemawUllagtobasrlt Ifaot bear ittBtemstad yeetaiday by a very disgracrfcl—Thousands and tens of thousands of these disgust-enwel eneu etlnii.outside theCity Hall,is themeasuringworm-" " "Wto theirdutiesdUlgenUy essential to the development of the Asiatic who will not agree with us in thinking that veyed to their quarters in a state of druDken ioibe- gave a brilliant soiree recentiy at the Imperial Ob- Tsobleved dlwsUdeurhgOoBBtrolled tbe action of tb*per- between Hk Mohtooxebt and—the shade treesthe side-walks and in the public grounds, everyio««dopbyacoUiiiimintheetieaU.We fa«Te a atory* of the recognition of I. 'V.7owitB at Pike's Peak, Us wknowiMgment of his identity and fats subsequent depaitsre for Utah.they pleased, while the Speaker and the Housemorningingcreaturesalongtbe report, the light of spew:!! tieman who presented ItwouW be with tbegea-already observed, that the only practical elTect The story is given in detail, and has the air of which can be looked for from an aUied occupa-were left to"sonny day,and render especiallyprevalence citymattertemerity,The examinaUon in the case of tieFalvunUh U slave-hark progressing before Unite-l Statesdrunken imbecility" of the thirty-five who accepted their fate, which vouches for the ex-correspondent of tbe Brusselsullvote;Commisdoner BaineBAi.. Lie.itcame home with the bark, testiliej as to -he charaNord mentions reportthat KoBaBM had arrivedto tbeAbovi. who •ctOTofthecaiio. Bvery appliance of the slaveaf-We hear from Aacona that oat of forty Irisa re- fair.* since the peace of Villafrajica, but no one full vote of th* State.twenty in n'^inbtr, aredisgrace a—du Nord always quick-sighted where thefriends. Wedoleful story of some Irish recraits atwho fled flea-bitten and famished from the barracks of his Holiness to beg tbe protectionThe President soggeitsd that,after the readlag ofEastern interests of Russia are involved—haslooked on in silence, and the tworule, thatconduct and disorderty language are offences not against the individual memtier at whom yesterday, for the purpose of consideiinc the ap- in which the social hierarchy and municipal they are directed, but against the House itself,"pUcatioii of Habbm. Afler having sat with syateai of Cliina proper do not exist Western and that no settiement" can be made withfor Ulllag vacaastos wets ooa-being true,implicit confidence in it." —— sent month, we tmst the nuisance will disappear and Missouri. Tbey report la ifhver of thathoughbadfooadvaeaaeiefai whalewe are not inclined tovery properly sent back to lie in tbe lieds whichin theplace The Court of Pardons met at Trenton, N. J.,tion of Peking, is the prostration of the Impe- rial authority over tlie strictly Tartar provinces,—gray-coatsthat Tara's halls tiie soul of music poured, are beginning to discover that the priest, who promises, is one pereon, and the who another. We are as-aiinor Topiea.The season at the watering places is open-closed doors from 3 o'clock until 6, they came to China ia &r more dependent on the central anybody but the House, seemed to have been servatives, the firiend of despotisms in generalthe unanimous conclusion to'reject the applica-original Mistiialppl delsgatioa, tbe silmla*ia men ofthe8onledelegatesfromLouisiana^tbsadalsrieation. Thequestion of a reprieve remains with powerfor order andtill Mr. Sbibuan revived it,n^i£°'^r'I;Unless the Governor doesof the Texas delegites, th* adariseiaa of origlDalMessrs. BATAsn and WariMiav from Dalawars, theof Mr. Crajto from Massasbasett^ toe admission of J. O. FaU/Os fh>m Mltseuil, tbs idate* of the country that recourse to sion of the contestants ftom Alshsma, tba admtoitoaalyaethe Chinese _ Ooversment, they must _^eaaseotod to pay.- It was be sorprised to see Bosaia, however uofliK^^faiag Hib'oiiXmft JKitylBI' „lhatths real Mis. LaeBAiro Ungiy, forced >to a new era of Asiatic M- : !! of tbe power of p—fas^g H,soonerorforbeatenhorses.Handicap England and France chosen to act with thecompany,large amoont,•>*»Upon the commerce of China with ^' '*^ ^'"^ ^ be eoold take eogafataiioe of-f^pistol,prac-supreme authority sure to effect can hardly fail to be fol-thatPowers might long ere this have succeeded in regulating all past differences with Ctuna up-and prices were generally higher. The free and honorable commerce have mightEmbassy, supposed to toserveasthesceneofa adheretotUisadvoteday,fbttignvioBS npwaid turn in the Western shares was thetion over which heported in Cotton, Hay, Hops, and Bice.The ABKlo-French Alliance in the East. either France or lagland can take in purse, the tiiief will call on him, offer an ex-nature than bisthere was no great harm in the effervescent twaddle with which the movemente of thatlowsdbytbesersssiMofa oftlM porlioathehs. With no abnegation of national planation of Che circumstances under which official aiiUiority, that the Emperor of China spirit, and no sacrifice of national self-respect, he took it, and feel hurt if he is not asked toWe are at last definitely asaared, byIs osnal oa aU ineh oecaMons. Mr. 'of the But when we are informed tifitt with Itiai iMiBsisi tbat rUntrii ««al4 asflias declined to comply with the demands of the French and English Governments; and that the long-expected collision of those Pow-we have achieved without a blow in China allthatwas to us asafeand necessary put uponstay to dinner.Envoys. bar vote for Devaus. that this yoimg Pagan is subjected in a Chris- give&• 4«i« bring!in fall, the gtapUc and glowing Sicilian eorres- become inevitable. It is probable, indeed, gates longAsti-Donglas mes claim Oaters with the Central FloweiyKingdomwealthy corpora-scene ofin thefor theasand makesnese officialto the ultimatum of the tives,the "of Know-Nothings" NIpbon,re-theyof their lUdeotiEOea. Jo IiAis wOIoperationsnorth,purpose fasterations.inchargeof thesereplytboae he had prevloaaly occupied, and that the Allied Govermnente, that the Peking Cabinet senting the intrusion of the strangers, and to the check-book and bank-book, thebe tbeVlce-PrestdeaLFor ths AssoeisMd Tisss.FOTFRTH DAY.BAinHsaa, naiadv, JToae IL The theatre this morning was daaatly awwtisil1b every part. Tliree or four thonaaad were )kept clearly informed of the politicalTbe wasDawiob, of Panasytvaaia. movad to "t*^t* readlni tlie joomaL Agreed to.andtic movements of Europe than might be- ex-single abouthisdailybusi- ness, and is smiling and happy as usual, while his money melts away into the brigand'swith the care of theto him envoys, protectlarge aiteadnee iadicsted fliatfelt ia tbs proeeediagt.Prayer was delivared 1^ Bev. Haairpected of so dignified and self-eentred a body.towards herself by England in thei. r^" betsreen the Qovemment and the crusaders aflairs of Italy and of Europe. But any hopes supplemental proceedings before the Supremesurgery.clumsy, uncomfortable,^ ^Asl , ^Z"'waction. begins to show itself at Rome andworst-treated. FromtheNorthofItalywedeeciiptiaB,—A good an tBdieation o( tbe coastaat atretcb of~'Court, the plaintiff'scounselthreatened towUd tbe Bind* of allpursued niiiTrfniTrTTlT,whoareni-paid,worse-lodged ofsucharesult, ifanywereeverseriouslyan examination indesirablefootingin our relations with that— scale in tbe funds ofTheleave the diiir if tbe najority rapoit Isinaccessible zation of Christendom. And itlargetions, are fast taking the place in the popular estimation of the bold faighwaymen of the lastThe others are notUngofthekind.siln|iiat tkat hs wfll 4sbe most fortunate alike forthe middle of April the allied land forces rope, that the United States are at this moment mantic interest which deeds of daring oncedal,agahistMssira. BicaaoBD, Caossbbreadth of descriptiTe power must have long before this time. Aboutclotbed with the ro- capable flung round the Dick Turpins and Jack Shep-aadCanaaas«^rtaftsbegun.£ e.«j^patt»-J«lki«ktk»lMdui«BDgli9h]oainal was in- in China, in number more than twenty representedare century. They being':^^<. ''with^'%itmei9fuef.ot Retail by the same accomplished"•;:.'i^Sr»«ld•qiullj i..iDla peteibes an '—^— ^mii^ofFrench had established themselves tn the im- again Japan.and theevidentiy begun Once more we have foreigners trampling on the customs and invading theto the road ing his engagements,diplomatisthards. takingmarauder, insteadoa bothrightsthey regardas Inferiorforged certificates,np bogus bal-to address "tender missives" tonwre is sa abondaace of rows,aad two ar (taes d«elaa»lB piaspeeCEurope inat Jeddo so wise and byWasUagtoB daalgBedtotaflasaes ths Ifsain the East hasmeettagaaldas are krid la A*trade, and school-giris, in the exuberant en- KwUih OovetDment confirms the position taken the French, in the negotiations which be that to the confidence which the policy of quest of belated stages, and exttucting hard thusiasm ot their years, are the only eorres-otf) Majpfil by menace of lepriaais on royal' • niiMMri from Oaxibaldi. The atdtude of the by the English and that sustained bythem thepassionsof thepeople.Itmaywellthe prosecution thoughtless'.„,^ jTbehairofrV.--'W>8Ced that the existence of his dynasty is no"^liytrArowK»> and makes it certain that the were brought so rudely to a close at America has inspired, and to the judgment of cash and gold rings from sleepy travelers, thecoofiet between Sicily and Naples must b« settledwbkoflt the inierrestion of any foreign power. the mouth of the Pei-ho. It is evident the American Minister, it win be due that the modern hero sits in his office, and eases the Fiom the first of these classes it is theBoNNEY as a "he ordered affidavits to beofCourt,"and the fine figure, and haadaome face, and bold and kept it there after he discovered" that he Their aetloa was an IndlcaUoa ofwas unarmed.JudgecontemptThe least movement to resentthaa eourage. Messrs. Lcdlov aad Cavtca, of New-which wouldmercial treaties of Tien-tsin along the oceanic fourth-rate bar-room, and unless the parties "means guarantee the fulfillment of the com- their presencenever thiak ofIn this view of the case, it is very fax from That the people's Courts of Justice have anycome to Mows, theyimprobable tliat the triumph of tiie allied arms dignity to protect, or that the wagging of aborder.interfering.jjjj Parismay compel the Qovemment of the Czarfoultonguein front of the Bench is theTbe oldparliamentaryruffianly"ofthehated Saxon"Consul,andwereis doubtless due to the ab- sence of birds, and it has been suggested thatand the resolution cemed,tbeCommitteethu the aea- totallyand has not yet been considered. coast provinces, with which the relations and stood by it until it was enforced in Hous- der-heartedness towards the Irish B]%ade"intorfore, H"a*b»d"bmx wimUto the ways and hopes of the " Irish Brigade" in Ita^. The Herald lamentably sets forth thehave beenCd- It isforgotten,of Russia with Chma, while it will by no sel and suitors interchange language inprotection" in the House of Commons, isin New-Yorkthe fall of Pddng may well, therefore, be ex. in like manner, weekly, if not daily, in t,!^,^!!^ moining off Absecom, by an un- pected to emttarrass the overland intercourse the habit of looking quietty on while coun-be hang on the 28th inst.J^!tJ^^^ ^^^ steamer fTaHter was runof the maritime States areJudgesare,let in some sad»»'' in 30 minutes. The officer, and forty men, were saved inany partThe Bible Societv shouldJ^JIL^^"^- S5«ain order to obtam supply. of half of each delegattoa from esongta, wlto bslf toe^taio,b<»ts. The rest, aboutmisanig.life-likeAncona. There is a touch of nature in tbesend a few leaves distribution.tobat sKbsr r*fa*ss to take ifmadnttdAed and ton's case. Our ;beginning side-lights uponbreakingand stealing Bibles fromuponPekingmnf^ring witnessed it," is about aa sensible kaSmarchofbare no immediate effects of a very dlltTtroos character. Thanks to the deceatraHza-. toftoalaa if he iai gnaM \l,^tuwm» Ifc been maonfactored ainoe the anfnlto alater, by the disrtipUoB and investigation. In these daysJapanperfseilysatlsSedmay prove Japan;toifaidsthe threewhich it seems lie carries in histhe name of the Gmperor Napolion, and the of the Pei-ho, bound France to the quar- tice. The matter was then brought before to do over the hlgnwmymaR. It tias no longer tol, which he held close to his opponent's head, dently tlioaght a general fi^htpreparedadmira-Yoik, stood op among the ruins, aad eadeavorad taprivilege,saidthereweretwiceasmaavpeiaonsoa Conference Committee on the Navy Appropriation treasure may be found in the restraints Avhich fence committed by one of the parties against his ready hospitality, his sj-mpathies with mia- successfully in Si-mrir's case, and which is the floor as were entitled t* seats. He hoped tae 8er-was agreed to, and the bill passed. The Com^ Bt impose upon the conduct of England in and soitly against the Court. When two per- loans to poor young men, and his agony of to be considered a legitimate disirfay of " smart- Mr. Stoast, of Michigan, suggaaled tibat aB ticketsmittee of Conference on the Civil AppropristtSri It will not be easy for bill agreed to restore Capt. Keigs to the superin- E\iroJ)e.mind " when it was all with and di-is one of the most of the degradingbe given up at tlie door on entering, aad retniaed when going outBritish tendencyoftheWashington'Aqueduct.AmessageGovenunenttothrowdifficultiesinthewayboweloneanother,duringajudicialpro- versotheraffectingincidents,was received from the House, aimouncing the of the Napoleonic policy in Italy or Turkeyand, above all, Soutliem lifedeath of Mr. BchwaStz, Representative from while the armies of 'Victoria are '''-"'TMatylvsnia. ICr. CAHinoir offered the custo- contendingbe- its fe- rocity, its recklessness about taking life, the fiendish intensity which seems to mark all pri-but thiswhich of late years has crept into their man-be made to the gates on delegates' ticket*.When the hall was cleared, it was fooad that tbs centre of tlte platform over the parquvtte and crebee- tia had given way, and made a shelving hole in tbemary tesolntknia o' condolence and sympathy, side by side with the armies of Napoliok in us that it is awhich at their leisure..uui was followed by Messrs. Siwabd and Sounek.private quarrel,China.As for the prospects of the struggle now re-commenced, in their bearing upon the futureofin their custodv, the punishment being a tine of of China herself, itNo one cares a straw what their feelings in the matter may be. A lawyer who carries concealed weapons in Court, and a suitor who proposes to " cut guts out," are not persons in whose quarrels any decent man feels any interest.The House yesterday of United States Uarshals andcompromiseanyhim,"sons in Court threaten to murder and disem-ceeding, it is "an outrage on the com- cases, in the end, give him the air of an in-mentshoold prevent admlssian of those aot dele-mon sense of the public to inform juredoutragedbank,ginsthey maythe maintenance of order, dignity and deco-em- once,through against allowing it to depend on thebelligerents aettie" it amocgot themselves.efsomewas then read. It rseapttalslsd tta proseedlngs at Ch.ri«»a- So far a* tbe adjoaiamsattoIn the case of the sohooner Mtrguerite, seized on conquests and occupations of Chinese ter- least disrespectful, never seems to enter their ftised to take service, alleging that they had been de- has been mainly directed to the state of things in norefbreacetoth* merits of th* report but w*retiaffic was foood on board. The case isbully'scruits who had lately arrived at that city, fUlaen r*- that he baa been inactive. His attention Mr. Caua said the raaarkx b* isteDdad to make bad EupposeestiU onWednesday while leaving port, Liwis Vicsva ritory which micfat otherwise have been heads. But there is nobody who has the ceived both as rsg&riu the cause which they were en- Hungary. His &inUy are in Switzerland. cnlydealgsedtoezplahitbetmasual qtieetiaaswbieayastsidayappearedbeforetheUnitedStatesCom- miseloDersadgavebondsasherowner,ar.dthedeferred formanyyears. For it isfaintestconceptionofwhataoffice Judge's is,gagedtodefend,andthe treatmentwhichtheywere —M.LcviBBiza,thecelebratedastronomer, badarisenbeforetbeCommittee. They"»** *ffjT.iQ be allowed to proceed.dagnlsr case of obtaining money under false empire of Bussia, now prosecntiBg with so every Ji^e, who allows.blackguards to insnlt clUty." servatory in Paris, to Dr. Lbscabbadlt, the mod- tee had given blai the convictinB that 0^*"^«,~^-pfStSBces was tried yesterday in the General Ses- much vigor under the impulse commnnicated the courl^ their language and their acts withwretches to their doom, by brought bun into notice so suddenly a few monthssiOM, hate* Beeordet Babsaxd, in which Jakis to It by the Jiaomm was the defendant. A returned Califor- the frontier trafficof the Amoor country, that impunity, is guilty of a gross neglect of dutydrove theseSomeHttlediffiealty seemed to lie In the way, bat at leagth Baowx informed Mr.no voice can beOn nightoners broke out of the Columbuster spoon. TUs foct is unparalleled, although many eave broken in by the aid of pewter mugs.Mr. HAiMB, from"PPjl^^^'^sVpoTchaseefone.MongoUa in order, it is not personsbecomesoreckl^anddefiant.peasants themselves,whileJail withapew-BdBtoaofopeningvrith Western China;poor on theirand exciting Uielr since. He is said to have a special genuisfor as-:, Cumthough the proprietor, a widow lady, named Lx- her territorial phylacteries in that direcUoa. go by so ligiitly—his " not having wUaeaaed which avraits them,should and it isgrosserand moreunpardonableintronomy, and to have studied it a long time withttaaimpoaedapoB tbea.jntmK, naaaed OfcABX, being deairons of pureliaainga stand in 'WasltfngUm KaiJtet, tlirongli the agencyofafHaod aiBpl(9ed Baowv to negotiate for the Qovemment remahis strong enongfa to keep because in no other city have the tritie of such scom of all Christian men. For the habeas„ .,„. ^...Mwrnr rar— ^-^''^Z^^S^S^betiie TartarsefNew-Yorkin oQier in the sharper than the than My city Union, greed, deserve aomethingtotbeComsiitto.e entiiuaiasm- Mr. Btsvas*. of Oregoa.onuninterrupted. So long as tlie Chinese5^ «»";S^JSJtfcSthat stand No. 477 might be lud, at all the Interest of Russia to make broader Judge Bobbtt's reason lor letting the matter lifted to question the justice of the rettibotion poeaiblyDelawareof toe origlnsldrfegatos ttoqfir'^"-j;*?.-'''—"•^-'^^*'-Untitled Documentit isimpossiblement of thateltiiar ite morals or locality, llnv (isli>;f«es bal««s«eas«gfar moregress with its peace, than any impressions ofmerely irresistible power made upon the Chi- avow^ of guilt all that is necessary to wipe lightly stigmatized,that not a impel ttll inlikelyUie Weat.to conciliate itspro-toleakoutbefore in longspitea tofeelmuchmoresatisfactionwithour "light, good-natnred, lively lad, BvecytUaaaow tmlloaiaa Iks adoptlBa «r lbs •-eyesand tbe osBiiBatlaa ef Oonaua by tbe Thsteac game Is tessfted to varyThe great"— defaulters" theThe laMar took tha bet and oSered to make it aao,0«0, wlileh iIt to beit is difficult to should be much respected in con-thereof, is still harder tocomprehend.importance,as amdt,it wUI the lesalt of tii« CenrsBtlca._ daieaataa, tmfutMlr iaw-Redpaths and Pcllinoebs and Fowlbes who operate on atian land to the degradations implied in such a statement as we have here quoted, it is time for us to protest, in the name of common decency, against the toleration of such a scan-easy steadehair ofIn- moors inshriek. Hisvictimgoesthe second need protection for themselves, and should be kindly, but firmly, preventedfollies whichunderchloroformisliketheof" " chivalrywasfur-excitementapon kept.'robberyis no uncivil" legiongood name of the hotel itseU; which is thuswhioh shoulddecMsa of the nnjeittr report U inifslast Tto tbe town will long remain safe. All the knaves with this matter serionaly, and at once. So Nsw-Totfc itHfttSom wtU vote fbr tbe silia^Uia afif tbe facts arethe seneeless andsuch stories if they be purely false.correcUy given, demoralizingThe officersple do not need to be informed that there are but two classes of women vdio can be ex-This is doe not only to ourour own character, but also to higher consid-specimenAnd when the race is mn, and the deficit HisouAN and Hoopkb. Hoopeb struck Hind- to climb over the boxes. One large-sized ladiiI^daali Ja severe blow in thebers as pitifully, over the defaulter as it used now well-known fasiiion, instantly drew a pis- Few knew what the accident was, andin support air of the hero tolavish itsand Pniada in helping the Sultan to carry oat his judged by the Cabiiret of the Toileries to have of the charge. We were in hopes that the tion upon, as he swaggers along to the insult on the part of the latter wdhld, of restore (aider by ahoottag tliat no petaoa was ligit,proposed inquiry into the state of the Turkish been. Napoleon could not in honor, nor per- the gallows at Tyburn. There are no hard course, have been tbe signal for his assassina^ and explaining «hat the aoddeat was. Cinlstians. Butnoserioasresultswereexpected summarypunishmentofboththeparticipantsfrom ttiis inquiry, and the grave difficulties of the haps in policy, decline to accept its conse- in the outrage wotild have indicated the desire rides and bold leaps to recall ; no magnani- tion ; so, after trying to borrow a pistol, he After several minutes somefiung like ortlsf was n-Tnrkieh question were regarded as only adjourned quences. France must join England in forcing in some the man- mous surrenders of purses to poor widows, was obliged to sit down in silence. This? trick stored, when a moUoa was made to take a recess ef tea few months at farthest. of the Ceurt to purify, degree, one lioiir, so a< to allow repairs to be made.compliance with the treaties of Tien-tsin, as ners of the Bar- On Monday, however. Judge and inexorable plunder of great lords and fat of beating and insulting a man, having previ- Capt RmBxas hoped at tlie same time some eae • - ! bill to establish a mail six times a weeli over'.and England understands them, from the Celestial BoN.NKY was informed that tlie matter was bishops to be remembered with approving con- ously provided the means of murdering him, might reptir the Injuries done to the Democratic«from Sacramento to Portland, Oregon. Twentr authorities. Perhaps some compensation for " settled," and he accordingly dismissed it. demnation ; but there arc the robber's high in case he is maddened or surprised Party..Hie Senate yesterday concurred in the HouseThe Pope's Own.crusaders who are flocking to the standard of St. Peter and the Blessed 'Virgin, to—— battie as the Irish journalists put it beneath;snealdng treacherycentrewitha"calmthe bereaved than flattering to the self-respectTbe Freildent daeUed tbat tha gtst bosiaaas la or- comfortable and attractive, and rejoices in der was tbe report of tbe Coaunitte* OB Cietsufislsdepartureresignation,"Hall has been made tbe best cuisine and attendance of anyafter the all,of the Ireland is emigrants.But,greatlong been pursued In the House of Represen-tatives with reference to disorderly language what still remains of Papal does accommodate comfortably 8,000 persons.their priests had made for them.The London Herald, the organ of the Con-English sparrows shouldimportedfor thepur-and ol Austria in particular, with all its ten-for this at least. year—In New-Haven a number of younginto the chapel of 'Talethe pulpit.lege,lamentable to leam that such Biblicilfollowingpictureactness of the whole sketch ":in Paris.He hastaken noopen partinpublictake seats, then tbe other* ar* entitledto ca^playingbigotryupness,"—which in most many barbarous fmits bx which Southernman, and make theto be marked. Weandor tbe corporation, or the Government, seem a monster of iniquity.might forgiveexists inof Irish recruits at burglary is necessarynot to feel;—life political—TbePresde&tstaledtbatsomearraageagementsignsSoutherners must contemplate with dismay.tiiat ilk for gratuitoustheadmlssioBofboththe eontestants to one vote, but If altber isfose*spin<whom " Tohmy" is to make. likelypondentsof the Christian gentiemen who are ehargedit afor ladies, to walk under them. TheirThe reportgaid to their rotsthe least motive tkat twe^Uids of their deisgsWca wiu iMmff f^In the Statsa of AlSbAina, JxioJslana, Texas, Floitda aad Soath pose of destroying them. It may be well to bear partial rscandea in Georgia, Arfcaaaabethis hint In miad for future use. 'With the pre- ware, and coatcstad seats inCofM^The ignorant and intolerant Irish clergy who est country physician whose discovery of a planet influenced by blgb principles, and had only on*toreceive. Theremainderorthepartywerecon-•»»destitution admlsEionseven s-s-tM * the of the 9th inst., pris- the Coomdito*.majority reportflromToik dslsgatas.delegationsvpantheGeotglA ease. It u aaMTmmeasepeo- Square this STeaiag. BoOi paitlss aa saattl^,pRibablyraailisis aflhsvoteofthe State for *a^seats, then tbe remsladar AaU be eatttlad to eart *esets host i itaasss, be original delegates lo be entitlad to t«« vatos, sadspiritII  