 Iyet my yet render the most judiciously used, mightwouldholdto hatred and con-.easily, butis conciseand simple,very op-oussubjects>who,of pewer or ofu Iw tf tht Sliibnrgfe nuvenitrof Oxford and Cambridge mere vil- of the ancient masters is ever to bebefore the lilnaions of theindeed of oar ownaffords a contrast to the fUUngs and the thoee eminent aiMBfla 4C liftiHtallftliM if IiMdCbaieel-.when the Universities were founded, andall the pupils being strangers come from re- care in preparingtimes,roAddreiaSobolai^kip and ita In a small reasons place goodui 'jblood menopoa Uses.may certainlybemistake he once made in using it,Brraghamyouin onehe theirhivariablesaceess.Lard Bbocghax was inatalled «s Chancellor af the TJniyenJly of Edinburgh on the 18th ult.,aity was eslabhshed (now called University Col-any.) theyCicero's passages, kept ready for use, or passages prepared of speeches, the preparation of wliich, oning the name of great upon those scourges, as ifit might not be fit to in tMa speak:way becasae,aoma eztentutioB of llimr faalta.are in a meaaore the] Itreaeneetages of an academical education within the is certain, that he was very averse to extempore herd of oidlnaiy men whom succetsfnl crimes de-haneveropportnpity declming aaanmptloB their Intereata aad woikpower beyond the law. Bnt In Wabsixvioh rain. Seduced theiftta LoHlon 7Vni«« of the 21*t, wtuch states that.mankind—a triumphant warrior, un- confidence when the moat san-—fleasore of meeting you on this occasion great mind, impairing powers,whether luBtoriana wiio record or raaaaaan arhomasterthe saate master, gained those accomplishments which made them the ornaments of society, theportant cause ef bis coun:ry and her liberties? Pkustley's discoveries, all but accidental, how-evertbe art used is shown and net concealed the artist alone \t in fault.the improvement in every way of the great )>odr— apostles of piety, humanity, freedom and allbyhave now passed away, leaving their memory for ear eomiort, their example for our encourage-ject of admiration even with those most devoted is the very worst and most vulgar form of neces- rulersand are the profligacybecome a poeaeaead, ia; the Duncans, Lundies, Gillespies, Thom- ferred a claim to share in its justonr. Grant, Cockbum, Browne, Homer, Jeffrey, and latest, not least ef our losses. Hurray—as well tous from the or bles and the latter** Clsaillte;CUudite jam, parce, siwiuiH lenr&tur scp-clchio :tion, save when he deemed his iiighest duties re-which we owe to thedeserved for their talents world, still exert some influence, and they mayplus jasto jasft domss iita pate:."!geometry,happy sugges- against taking precautionstoescspegenerallytheylagesimportant particular,tsaoction of tbe men, aad show t^its and evenof —there ocavoid- an entire mastery ot the selected branches, yet it"pride,expressionwith these feelings others of a painfulaa their worst enemies thoee vrtio woold ehcarit fta feelings of mutual aveialoB or jaaloaagF 'be-;MMt ably and effectually improved upon as we and professfeelings or tion, and not remarks on men merely by generaliasfaave-lend help and illustration to the main object of ouryme ta excuse, almost to admire, from his perfiect That study.stances he would not be the less successful for hiv-power, or of fame, or of both.Black Prince, whom Hr. Hbhx describes as a" per- preparation.is on every account highly expedient, indeed, all but absolutely necessary, to single out one branchthe to present any of them in the incompetencyhappinesswhich are sometimes found even in wicked and;bood, which makea hoetility moatnotsbiceiity snd honesty of purpose ; Stiwjlrt, illus- exclusive interest ; it does not preclude a moder- him to succeed equally in all he delivers, andobject tntiag the great geomatiician's name, which he ate attention to others ;ingbut this selection, this- would give him the same control over the feelingsAnd tie can spread thy name on lands aad seas. Whatever dime the sim's broad circle warms."iakarited with his genius, by a delicacy of taste singlenessabsorption, ismightliance with such severs studies, and enabling himseveral subjects, whereof the certain tenden- teaches on rare occasions. Nor is there a betterages, is,principlesuppermost great talents both in the field and in government, rect tendency to promote human happioeae. Kaw,British dominions, but from every country ir. Ea- male object of his attention, to which all others and thus possible,in their cwn that havefrom the ef great scourgereligious belief, commoaity tkeBoetenlightened and respectablecitizens doare charged with the duties of this Umversity. 0:i both the internal evi- slavery,tigation, aswelearn from his attempt at self-destruction, his wretched mended bytode with the adminiatrariun ofthing unheard ot. nay, regarded as incred- by— with theible; and in which thein compliancemaziin,willlae aaiHliaaa>wbobeen educated in atnt to declare, by U« judges, tne great law that a thatslave's fetters fall from him the momen* hetoaches British ground. The natives of Sou-^.-ingciijfamoustor 'Seirc •,.&applieatloa, diligentlyis -another. The tend also. They were great analysts in all respects, until bis banishment to Elba, iie was the aggres- him to Elba expressedto me his ! astonlahment at ohaageaJ'/onuUum momtrum, nee /(alius, nt; tclrius, thesuperiorityorato.-y is not ocly evinced byby ofmeque dis hominibuique magis inciaum terra gatuit, quam qui, Jormd hrnniitia, tanen im- manitate morum TaaciMtimas vincit beliuas." Butgreatest master cf the lattermaster of all the detailsthe complicated quea-middle dasaea, bot they have exwndedto theeven our English neighbors mr.y not oniy by our teaching, but tyimitating-nay,littleand rouse friend the Duke of WnjjBOToa had aqnasi-collegiate chair at Glasgow,irresponsible one of his;em Europe—but none such will bt euffrred by studies is;h°ard from one connected with thegreatour and aaeem- yond walla, by means of popularthe despot to resort hither; and they ma«; learnwithout our instruction, i! experience has not at -readytaughtthem,thenatvireofa'vrint—man"Theof the Greek to tiie Eo- be-justicethe teachers, but that I would earnestly joiumob- my voice to theirs, and inculcate thec»i'«iesl atten- a gnM liaater of thembst -raeent improvements bled all otfar'rs being laid prostrate in its train; hum-is ofengrossing thoughbe knows the charms Tkat cull fame In such martial acts as these,were confined in their extent, andTBI OBIK eniUTXT.The axcient analysis, or Greek geoiaetry, the in the dark ages as all, when calmly considering who enslaved ills country, directed its resources and the direct road to fame. The uistnictora efimportant,perversely misapprehendedcontroversies, religious and political, which ei;-nations as among Europeans, or among Europeansletters, and blinded them to the conduct of onemen's efforta, but the best title to laapact publicf'*''*• "^*«-./'>J»*»,3%-^lOBD BKOUGHAM'S ADDRESS. should always be kept in mind that the English now, but liiey weU deserve ample attention both the people, have ill discharged their duty in thia tioD iar more aevare,1I'planstance beingTheexampleimportant respect ;partaaing largelywnxiBOToa akd wAsaissioa.goingtoin the accidental circum- for theoriginsted entirely matter and tbe composition.mostin kept vulgar, wbicb they weretheir extreme bound to dispel, dazzled the ofby spectacle greatanperficUi knowledge ihaniirtilTdistricU. It canthat had either been founded in a great passages to be used on occasions is well known town that plan would not have been followed. indeed, we have his own account of it, and of thetfaa'eon- enemies of mankind, the who templalioB of which may well exote aonow formotehardlybe doubtedthosethe demand for tickets was ter; much greater than other lands as well as our fellow-subjects have ments as their reception on delivery or subsequent destieies of nationa in their hands. It is not,Ike accomiBOdatioa afforded by the largest hall in made our University worthily iinown by its imits-,guine had a right to despair, a successful ruler in all the difficulties of a conrse untried—dl-tkacit}, which would hold only 1,800 parsons. der its new constitution tothe of a newwhollythe same claims when the right composition had lieen attained. I nestnesa upen the great qnalitiea and pasaiag over rtcting formation Government for a rauon, for they themadvea pay tbe nice, an! iMr*liekgoldembroidery,and»blacksquarecapwith offeringsuchsuggestionsandadviceasIdeemof useful teniency to tho^e by whom X have the honor gtddea tanel," and walked up the {lassage to the of being surrounded. They may be of little value,'Even if they were to give a careful ealimxte ofeych chsracter, aad pronounce just judgment uponthe whole, they would atiU leave by £ar the meetmankind, that (he righta Mf men migbt bis con- served,aadthatUaexamplemightaeverbeap- pealedtobymlgar ItwLlbethe ofcapacity etowned wiui Hetoty. Kpreventingand circumstance ofhistorian's duty to make us regard with unceasing delight the ease, worth and of blessedkajond my powerakty miniletare. Ail that surrounds us recalls the mem- as the main of attention. This selection is er to the level of an talker. His diction peace. He must remember thatMMk whose crimes are an exception to their general tween nations connected by near nai^ber-MEW-YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 16, 1860.thfir clearestproofsremain. Cicxaohaving.amithey pervaited, and aUior-which theyOf onr ownwho captainit ia a^in thegiven for it ; but ia such citie< as Edinburgh and Alt. xii., 6,) bnt the book of pramia, fame, made no account of the greatest sufferingsthia consideration entered into oar lege) importantthemselves belonged either to the class of ambi-though no one can have the leaat dciobl how heTte mtMUim tf ant tHt fcof greulacollieawlth greet eoeceae, ntn W^ draw their eyea firooi the meaae by wUeh thrtiia are atufaied, aad loee tbebnataial hamd or^Mt- edness in their admiratisB of geaiae aai iBrir aeiiae of power. It ia truly a dirtatei eated «iMi-of active life, strangsrs from again and again used by nim with such improve- pled, profligate coaduct inreflection suggested. There is even seen great however, by merely abstaining from indiscriminate nor can there be a doubt that it will continue un- parsimony in preserving small portions tinchanged praise, and by dwelling with disproportionate ear-ition «r torpursuitsprefer and gratitude.great pcopla, tke firtt time ao vaat an experimentoppression, with every eofferiag that Bilagaiaiispeeches. Of this the abilities, and still more of their succesatnl exer- countrywouldhaveactedinalikeof «n immenae aodiecce, comprising a views quite as much as the bringing the advan- the whole, he had nut time to finish. One thing tious warriors and iiKriguing statesmen, or to the had the of positioan, yet O' atigatora, of those who, forDombei of dijtinrii»hed persons. We eopjtke report of his Oration on tliat occ&sion from of the old Universities. Taught in this school, " trusted his success to fortune "tranded at once of their and their rightslaiXereach of those who couldnot afbrd theexpense speaking,ti force, atricken wiUi wander at tbe manand most and trained to the ctpacity whether for specula- abound in passages,as he it, expressedreluctantly,praises part of tbe cneoaragiement held to an unprinci-we may contemplate everybjapeetadeand his orations and^even parts of iiassages,; and to tbia mast be ascribed by far the greaterinlli- civil, applied the service of his coon-bsd onee of emiaeat men, and thna leaving a folae But I should not discharge the duties of the high occasions, and I find tbe views taken are ap- general impiesaian Of them, that historiani err andTht Cbancellor, Iiord BaonoHaii, was, on enter-ki( the hall, reeeiTad Itith the loudest cheering.Ha " woie a magaificent flowered satin robe, with me. if I did not avail myself of this occasion for FraiKe.man— and tm- vohmteilyto generaloffice to which the kindnessbad ever been triedrespectbyostentatiotlsly retiring from (npramfe power withment caninflict, is the reaolt of the creeltriMA; but they are de- livered with feelings of respect only surpassed byus dwell with on the scenes of hnman delight;a somewhat variousexperiencecertain proficiency in public speaking may be ac-improvement, to haaen the pleasure too naturallyoaereapeet at leaat be waa leaa ta CUM i^of thebodyproached by Attic raxrABATiosroapublicsraAKiNG.pervertfeeliogathe veneration of all of ail of all parties, natftna,Iher Wl-those of affectionate kindness.First of all, it is to be observed, that though the speeches will be very badfelt in contemplating successful courage or skiU,tliey ;beldhiminhiscooiaetomiaketlMlrooanti an-acquisitionof general knowledge is a primary a man of genius will not bethey eloquent.;A sen- signs however successful, our detestation of cruelBut thethe crimes of eminent men withoutand themiseryofmllliODa Baretyaidalircr his inaugural address, was received withentknaiastic cheering. He said,—Great as is the row limits of one or two branches enfeebles the loose, and slovenly, and poor diction, the want ofand bloodthirsty propensities, however powerfuldulyexpress-wtiichrational and virtuous minds, care must beduty, and the confining our study within the nar-sible remark or a fine image may occurhas raisedscholars both in and Englandtheand of mankind. opinionstbey did not abhor, the meaaoeaa wUehdid not acorn whan dazxM with the fcftr iaaB*alied over deteataMa or denieaMe deete behave examined this subject very fully on difi'erentButIdwellto illnstiate the necessity of fnlh anduponthesubjecttyranta.the historian and the ia alldoty to omit noknawkowaaMfktotniikt nlyeatorif .and he knew that tha peopla waeai haarm in arm with Bir Dayio Briwstib, and may possess no other merit than that they re- of written to those whporepwaorualtdionattain they also framed their narrative so as to excite an occasion of lan, thlt Ma%platformPriac^l and Vice-Chancellor of the Universitj. The SoUdtOT-Oencral, in a few sentences, intro- duced him to the cadience.OTAUOOaAI. JJtOSMBB.Lord BaovGHAif, on preseolicg Umself tocompositionsult Irom the reflection of many long years, and of real excellence in the rhetorical art. I> truth, a interest in the worttiies of past timescommemoratnig Maamoaa man and until time shall be no raofe will a test of the progress which onr race has made in wisdom and virtue be derived from the venerationimmortal name of WABHiBeToa.and wrained erehitoaieaiadwiththaalarrlihe gained and for which the; ao haae^aaH; tequired by any one who chooses oftenXXOKSSITT or PDB8DUIO SOHI SFXCIAL BTCOT. failures. If ke is a of no his whensoever these are directed to t^e injury oltocan harden himself against the pain of frequentability to bring out many of his thoughts, and pompglorious war,"their great qualities, and to admit those good ones weaning them from this fatal delosion tabest and most efficient form, will reduce the speak- object ordinarywholly unprincipled men,and much more in those«ri af those we have lost-~the teachers of other required by the impoisibility of thoroughly mas- is sure to be clumsy, incorrect, unlimited in quan- days — whose learned and usefiil labors teiing different unconnected kinds of knowledge, tity, and of no value. Such a speaker is never in"Peace hath her victoriesNo less renowned than war's ;"ehsracter. The interests of justice and the truthof this candid statement but it history require ;ioua, and friendly intereoarae m''fmaic-;and to excetlenee, and ofatpresentin ordertry it, and.person capacity mankindpaidhe faced miseries of warthe danger, if Iw wkaatMl Ihabut theart in and of his the in- combining disposing ideas,the abhorrence orbut even though he betocallforthourscornof de- perfidiousOBBATMONABCBS.though offence is great of passing over profiubly powerful tnrtbe alanghtar of r'y;they raiseit ia the taken to describe fuUy their merits, to set forth comment npon erenta, to exert all their aowawIar^Dalxbll,c«Dtiibotad so much to reTire the taste for GreekHtorature, which he was wont in somewhat irrev-esant tenns to charge tbe Bolemn League and learning ; the rule being indexible that no one tion,) ipta ilia extempore dieendi faeultas inan- the difiusion of general prosperity—exhausting on with the authority of great names which may in- solid glory of peace, aa real aa its;and the risk of distraction which passitag from one sobject to another occas.ons, the danger even ofwant of a word, and hardly ever has one that isand to celebrate these triumphs, the progress of science snd of art, the extension and security ofthe evil greatestoccurring,that ofs'lpetticial(says QciDTiLiAB, speaking "of wiittencomposi-freedom, theimprovementof nationalinstitutions,betteraadthem on men's mindsnown oftlM war, with its unspeakable 1worth hearing,"Sine hoc quidem contcuntia,"must l>e added that the benefits are not inconsid-ial above ; and,a'J, aneeaaiogly to L_Carenant with having eztisguished, at least subject or part of a subject must be studied with- em moio loquacitatem dabit et verba in labris such pure and wholesome themes all the resources fluence some, while their example must arrest the substantial. It is said that tlia pnaritb having banished prosody from the na- out going to the very bottom, fully and accurately, nucenlia." (iliii.) It is a common error to call ol his philosophy, all the graces of his style, giving attention of alL Thus the wickedness of Hbibt France returned from hia amlaafulitire canntry of BvchakaiDcaBAS, whoof what we would learn, not proposing to ourselves, this natural eloquence ; it is the reverse;withholdingall in-V.'s wars of mere plunder, and his feebleness inimpressedaenae of ita aad deep itanoia,;(Ad.usurpers destroyed the whichMKS TO oaoB.honortowhomnonoris due,it may be, to go beyond a certain length, but as far it is neither natural nor eloquent. A per- centives to misplaced interest and vicious admira- sacrificing OtncASrLE, the most distinguished per- that his wise devotion to the peacefulthor- son under the influence ofPLATTaia, deeply imbued with oughly master of the subject. There is, however, passions, pouring forth all that fills his mind, pro- and events, but by the manner of describing theThe acquisitionsIraBchee, teaching it by his invaluable writings, prev^ling pursuitsand thethe attention, to these is kept trained speaker wbo ii alao unpraeticed, and ut- that afflict hu^nanity propose to themselves as so rare in and statesmen of those France and to the world— wiuchfeelinga im-TiTtlnw ,fect character, to the hour of his death unatained It is not enough, however, that the iaatmctora ef by any blamable action," suppressing the massacre tha people, and especially of youth, avoid prepa-;princes times,purposeto go,becomingstrongIdamathematical and physical science, possessing in another reason for selecting one especial branchthe highest degree the talent so oitan wanting in we thus draw as it were a meridian line to which attains without any art the highest beauties of tain the proper sentiments, whether of respect or stitution deiived from the cost of his expe- auccecd in tempting him to abandan Ua course,.;conrting,withafall admis- recollection of the scenes be had witneaaed. Let;powerfulcausingus to enter-effect on Us hearers, and often one aad recording the other,duces aall onr steps in other directions may be referred. rhetoric. The language of the paasions flows interest, or of aversion or indifference, for the vari- ditionsits sultivatora, of coavsying instruction to others ;BoaiBOM, master of the same science in all its terest from their connection with tbe principal and posite of the wordiness jast described. The un- ment what the perpetrators of the greatest crimes commander, his general sincerity and frankness, predecessor, were productive of miieh miaerj tothus made derive additional in-ad whose errors on subjects into which he mads awake, and the memory in proponion retentive of ters according to the dictates of his feelings, now their reward for overrunning other countries and and his freedom at least from such a stain of era- and still poaealldicreasioat, those who moat differed from him were the accessory or subordinate matters, while they and then succeeds perfectly ; but in these rare in- oppressing their own. It is the enjoyment of city as attaches to the memory of bis uncle, the the heavy coat of unceasing waXela&ilBeaa aadstudied the art, while that would enable study" He can for requite thee,both sexes and all ages at gatlng dangerona enora and implanting or eaeant- Limoges before his face in his last illness. So the aging ia their growth feelltags hoatHe to tiw beet aad abawitching eloquence so ruely found in al- lutely aecessary to avoid the dispersion of the Herein indeed consists the value of the study ; it Uequestionably the renown of their deeds, their unjust and sanguinary wars of Eowabd IU. with interests of mankind. Thefr duty la to Incalcateif not the eyespolitical sdeice which he bore so ample a part in -ordinary capacity, even when united to great in- quence of modem times than the habitual contem- minds. Surely if they were well assured that improvements he effected both in our jurispru- largely with the subject of our pa aiona, and gcna-of of 3,000 personsabso- of others whateverfaculties caused by intemperate devotion to enables him to do at all times what nature only names being illustrious in their own day and living Scotland and France must not shut our to hisbe the state of his own.of entirealter them in futurepowerfully to inculcate the truths of the moral and cy is to produce mediocrity in all, making corrective of the faults complained of in tbe elo- thought, yet one that fills a large place in their to the mildness of his administration, and to the tha wisdom of ancient times, ihoogh it dealtfcaading. While the voice of these men seems dustry, yield but little return of value, and from plation of ancient models, more especially tbe every writer of genius, or even of such merit as se- dence and in our ConstitutioiL When we describe rallT with the natnre of man in tbe aliatract. Barer • to fill ear, the form of one more i!lus- tbe rarest endowments, which, temperately and chaste beauties of the Greek compositions, and the cured hie page from oblivion, and every teacher of the political frasd and falsehood of Euzabxtb, stopped to regard aa werthy of cooaideradoa theimportant diligent practice of severe written preparation. It youthuptdeas liscs before me in all the grace of his ven- service, only obtaining the exhibition of varieties is the greatest of all mistakes to fancv that even a tempt acts of injustice, cruelty, treachery, what- tempts to take her off by assassination, her sacri- community at large. The people were appealed toenUe aspect, the CUber of modem chemiatry, to more wonderful than aaelUl, like the displays of carefully prepared passage cannot oe delivered ever talents they might display, whatever success fice of Daywhomweoweouracquaintancewiththenatureoi tbemocking-bird,whichcanwarbleallthenotes beforeamodernassembly. Ioncecontendedon theymightachieve,andthattheopinionsandthe executioninordertosupportherfalsadeidalof ortheirfeeHagacotildl>eexitedforapaitiealanar- He bodiee that compose our planet nearly as that make the grove vocal, but has no song of her this point with an accomplished classi^ scholar, feeUngs of the world would join in thus detesting these commands, we mast at the same time com- poae ; theiradranoement In knowledge aad reaoa-aek as from Hawroa we derive ourknowledge within theseattention while Bl^ck leconnted the history of his ceptions to this rule. Had BARaow's profeaaiona! most every gnees he made. Lord DlxilAil on a popular i»elln| in its strength beguiles the affairs to those favorites with whom indeed tutbituraqvam gloria: ti gvidem gloria ttttOut-. iauiortal discoveries, and with his own hands studies and his attention to the eioqueace more remarkable occasion, at the bar of the House historian, and, mstead of endeavoring to reclaim, she led a life of indulgence little sanctioned tri* et pmaguti mautorwrn. et magaai'am adtaMiheiiDsed, acting over agiis before our eyes the speculations would certainly—have made the fence. The objection made that prepared pas- the heavy price is paid by themselvea in the end. schemes carried into ezecntioD at the public ex- from the phileeopnerand theatateaman thay ;aaaie part wliich had changed the face of science,preparationlayingthedeephave been expected from the bold and happy con- be more artificial than a speech must in almost alllections that now force themselves on the mind—the in whichage theyhave been com- their countr;. Instead ofall merit to Lo- A sounder or a modem pbdoaophyofbut the interests science, and BOCBMX, who at once undertook to point out hopethat some be practical discouragement mightnot be deniedgenerally of mankind, as well as of the individ- the passages which had been prepared and givenwhich ahe preserved the peace of her dominions in self to render them real service waa viewed aa going;•( its relation to the universe. Yeswalls I enjoyed the happiness of sitting with his ual, require that it should not be so applied. The those which were given off-hand and at the mBerous class, in breathless silence and riveted great lights of the world afford few, if any, ex- inspiration of the moment. He was wrong in al- action caanot be doubted. Tbe existence of the influence whatever in the maiiagement of public C.aaAB, "tu taa iimaia tirtu» uiwm»t%emufl*» titIto the worst enemies of our That species.a season of extreme difficulty from religious as out of the onlinary path and seeking glory in a aia- 'of ti.e palpit not interfered with his math- of Lords, in the Queen's case, made the same mis- he panders to it. Sounder and better seatimente by most Protestant iustorians. But far worse su«s, Telperformed the experiments by which they had ematical pursuits, he would probably—Fia- take upon the passage delivered before the ad- might gradually be diffused, and the bulk of princes, while justly held up to reprobhdon for /una merttoruna." (Pro Haicello, vilL) Dm aaaea beea made, perhaps with the instruments he MAL, but for his official duties and his general journment in the midue of the first day of the de- mankind be weaned from thia fatal error, of which their tyranny, and to contempt for their sordid waa anppoaad impaaaible that aeparatee tiM Wlgarof the calculus, to whichboth had so nearly approached. What might not wholly groundless. In the first piace, nothing can It is not to be denied that tbe of serve commendation for theirw«ragreat discoverysagesare artificial and disclose theisOOBQUIBOBB AND TBBIB CRIMBS. panse, in fact by the plimder of their subjects, de- not even regarded at BiaekatMaatf'and broad foundations cf his iai-perishable renown. Bat there are other sad recol- jectures oi FaujELiH, under the guidance of the cases necessarily be that is anything t)eyonddegree repro- jusi encouragement perish.tapiemt^ut placet,^ aayapend uponInductive method, so familiar to him in all iis mere converaation. Next It is the marmer, net mitted and the nation todenyingpurer raligton munificence te times entirely abolished all such ifiethtr- recollections of the fellow-students who, imder rigor, had he not devoted liis life to the more im- the substance, which is prepared ; and, finally, if longs. It would be a gross exaggeration of feel- vanity, we are only to lament that his accomplish- lioos ; and to consult the interests and premntaatdid learning and practical kaowledge whichmade them its benefactors, .miaistering at thealtars of their country, administering her laws, grossed hik attention tiirougn life. DxsCAarxs, tention. The preference of the modern analysis, tyrants and conquerors in the present day. But treacherously intrigued to subvert the power of directing the minds of their pupils towarda tlie meet amending her institutions, improving her litert- instead of the one great step which tbe mathe- justified by its far greater power, has beea found one consideration oftentimes referred to is never bis neighbors, shed the blood of his adveraeries at important purposea which their aconiremaiitefound that had not fitted him for previous studythey last through life ;and even' whenpwtially;NlWTON, avoiding all distrac- it is less than the algebraic thkrod tostorm, the venom ofhave not been affected other studies, or by the caraa af the (the BoaeiAS) bybe foaad far mwe than is ta ssppoead aaea-in their resultsoytheanalyticalrenown.us peculiar to its investigations as tbe elegance by absurdity is equal to the wickedness of tbe pre- light evidence to Iiavc committed maaj crimes be- more of themselves than of their 'eHow-creatarae,;—tion, but by a sustained chain of reasoning. That as moral evil, and given as a reason against using;the application of his own philosophy when he the result is arrived at, not by a mechanical opera- murder might beage, his improvement of our jurisprudence, and the mildness ot his government to all but the no-on the in are so mind early yearslively thatnay, physical inquiries incomparably powerful lightningapplied protectphysicalis in- dictated terms to all therope, and from every State in America. Long are subordinate, and all more or less referable. vduabie, and might furnish suggestions of impor- Capitals, he and they were hurled. Twice later days have been adverted to, aa well as themay be a supporter or an op- but certainly a rival, in the author, who no longer, as of old, addresses a select fsw at a diffsient time, alter the occaaioa otthis intercourse continue, so advantageousand the interests, the blessed interests, of peace are ptempted,not only by the interchange of benefr.s,—at the same time and in nothing is a greater safeguard agai:ist the seduc- under the ancient method, for in discussing the uis human feelings. The latest and best historian be pronounced inimiuble, in some things his ex- the same circumstances. It is needlaaa tobatbythe importance of the literary daaathe remembrasce ef the lessons then taught. any hour not earned by the discharge of those du- known being tha( the Newtonian solution must be six errors committed capitala lust of do- which may lead to imitation, than upon genius which reata on thiapreventing any oversight,Sovereignsproceededij>a fellow-laborer, itWith most men this is iaevitable, because they are he tance to the moderate analyst. The remarkable they had the bitter mortification of receiving mischievou: effects of the admiration whichponent,mayta all parties 1provement from others, we greatly benefit them, lative or active, as the chief occupation oi life. ctftmum, (of finding the comet's trajectotv from and their humiliation were the work of headstrong some of his great qualities it would be impossible who form audience,While we gather hints for our im-single out some pursiri:,whetherCapitalexcited,unhappilyhe mostI,perhaps longengaged in professional employment but all; error into which Nrwros feu in his solution of thethe law in their ownwhom they had once trampled uponfrom thos* and his fateand whichspire the people whomhas not ceased to in-oughttospecu- problem justly termed by him (on^c omnium diffi-:injured.Butthe but addresses the same discussion, peraonsNothing conduces more to comfort and ha; piness three observations,) could never have occurred his reason alter to admire too much and though his genius maytions o: indoleace, or of less ir.aocent, perhaps not limits It would have been found that the 16lh Lem- of his reign, (H. Tbiibs,) though filled with admi- ample may be followed, and it is therefore fit that less turtiui, indulgence. Nothing gives a greater ma has a prismatic case, and that is the case of the ration of his genins, and, as if natural to human these should be recorded.the orator's and vaat ntun-the natural tendency of men's feel: age to lookkeek with satis&ction, even with tenderness, upon relish and zest to the subordinate pursuits. He comet a matter never observed until V. Boaoo- towards the hero of his,I;:the residence of their early years, and to cherish who has professional duties has no right to c^li TICH hit upon it in 1739, all which was before has been compelled to account for his downfall by dwelling rather upon qualities the example of deeply impressed upon ,throug-hThus, upon the memory of onr nearest neighbors ties his own, for other occupations, whether of re- erroneous because it threw the comet of that year minion which no conquest could satiate, and however calculated to command admiration gen-responaibilityshould be unceasingly dwelt uponed witkout the tyranny of the popuUeefonnin? of the relation between master and slave, that it is view sometimes taken by its admirers,est estimation, glorying in tite name of anthor,and not ashamed of receiving t|M wagaa of%i'I^ ulimii']-,»^;^college reaidence can hardly be doubted ; and it them by himself. They are very little studied toiians and political reasonera, the inetroctora of to the world, aad ia fitted to call down a reptoba- These examples dtad cf the !«) wUch foAHa,hook of tion, have held vices which we have been vievsfng, tbey uptoadnuradontheworst'''*"'••• "*• conquerors who shed theirgreat genhiarence of the ndachievona ua^ toal^LABOa—Glasgow the residence of students under tbe pa- which Dehostbinis had, has come down to tbey could inflict on their fellow-creatures. statesman,ternal roof is a great benefit accessible to at least us, the only doubt being raised (though I hardly The wont craelty, the vilest faliehood, has not sbals in tbe cause of hie coontry and har alUaa, Aaregarda the aetata ia the abiia aftkawarillt the whole inhabitants. When ibe London Univer- think there can be whether were, like firevented the teachers of tbe world from bestow- and who ended by oveieomiag NaroLaoa hiniael( ianotto oe orerhwiMd, aad it ma* awH aflMimportant part of their doty unperformed, nnleaeithe talents by which their was indulgenceInstead of to our admiration the holding upitached to or rest amoiig Eastern usurpation conqdazzled good men, friends of as well as of libertyof tbe is not only tbe object of vll rational peoplepursuitturned it.Dlastriooa anddefeated all NaroLaoB^ Ibr- torian and tke moltitDda haa baen adwiml ta.trywho j^ave tbe shaken in;tomake;^to theing secured. in allcontemptduty ia npon the taadiaia of impoeedof requiring tbe narrative. Consider for a mo- supplies, but ofthe consent to bis and that he will all virtuoaa andrational mtahonestlyher maltreatment of Uakt, and her covert at- rignta, the comforts, and the improremaata of thaher commanda for the whenown. That genius is of universal application can- acd no inconsiderable speaker himself. Lord HaL- and thus scorning, it is not romantic to indulge a memorate her great qualities for government, by ment waa little regarded, and he wIm devoted Usi-this as in everyttiing else there is action and re-well as political dissensions, and her allowing ao gular and fantaatic way. Vide quato," aayoJguoBother subject specified, well deserves diligent at- their conduct, without hesitation pronounce upon by a series of fraudulent devices to his own profit, youth liave thus devolved upon them the duly ofmatics owe him, was destined to make vast prog- not only to supersede, but unnecessarily to exclude to be admitted as an extenuation, much less a de-home sometimes by tils official tools, sosaatimsacan serve to promote, the diffusion o< knowlaagetare, and taking their station among the best ress in physical science, and not to leave hie name all study of the ancient. This is very unfortunatefriends of mankind, tke peerless, the consistent known by a mere baseless hypothesis, had he not for the Greek geometry has eminent and in some to war, called the incurable propensity those atrocious offences agamst him might have been inculcating the grand leaaon of morale aa wall aafencs of hostilities tbe of man unjust — propensitythem over to therespects peculiar merits. Its elegance is the ob- who make no attempt to apply a remedy. ThiB surely visited by tha law. Take even the worst of ef wisdom, that whatever they team, of v^saMver;by deliveringmob,general improvemeat,been seduced and by metaphysical speculation;LiiBMTZ, but for the sama seduction, joined to hislegal labors, would assuredly have come near theNewtonian system in dynamics, as he had pre- ercise which it gives to the reasoning faculties is making Heaven the author of our guilt. But the and the Bokgias. The former is believed upon natural gifts are a trust held for the iMnafi^ net—those whoseto the methods that have supplanted it. The ex- sity, or denying man's free-will, and impioi^ly detestatien of all mankind, eur own Bichabd IK.meataoas, Birkbecks, Beeves, the Macfcenzies, Scotts. On the otticr hand, mark the happy results of con- wh:ch they are distinguiahed. At each step thai text. The self-same topic might be used in excuse or sides those of which there can be no doubt, while and of tbe use whereof they will one day have Cianstonas, Honciciff, Erskine, Kinnaird, 8ey- centrated power in Bacon wisely abstalni.ig from preceding steps are kept present to the mind and in palliation of the ordinary crimes of pillage and just praise is not given to his capacity, his cour- to render a strict account, fhe impresstesa leftacted asquired some intermission of his habitual labors tions of Descartes and the subsequent dis- the snake when liis rattle warns us, or the fury of in government, their protectien of learning, and oftenI caa dwell no longer on the retrospect, h is nay, bad Lxosabdo da Tittci indulged in the in- covery of Nxwtom and LiEBSiTz, cannot be de- the tiger when he howls in the forest. Yet what especially their promotion ef the important atudy ify the counteracting and oeutraliaiiig inffaencee onr duty, instead of indulging in unavailing le- vestigations of natural sciences, for which he pos- nied. But that its powers have been much un- bnt the proneness of man to succumb under great of jurisprudence. The caprice «f historians in which they cannot reaist. This undoobted truth gteta over the past, to cast our eye forwards and sessed 80 remarkable a talent and has left such derrated is manifest from the extraordinary succes; genius, wickedly used, can be urged in extenua- some sort resembles that of tke vulgar, either is not the less important for being often admitted, keatir ourselves tiiat we may become the wor- felicitous anticipations, his name tt one of the of Mattbew Stewabi in solving problems before tion of Napolion'8 usurpation, by which he made struck by signal turpitude and regarding it as thoogh there ia reaaonto fear oftener admittedfirst of artists would have been unknown ; and deemed beyond its reach—KarLXB'B problem France pay for her delivery from tha anarchy and pervading geaerally, and eicloding all excep- than acted upon in practice.tky sBcceaeors of those who have gone before us. had VoLTAiai prosecuted the study of chymistry. and the inverse problem or centripetal forces— bloodshed of the Republic by the utter loss of her tions, or oaly securuig the exception and making wtvimn ntoM iTiaT raar or the wobld. La which be was so near making two of the gieat- although it may well be questioned if he could by freedom, and in extenuation of bis dreadfiil wars, it the rule of dseiaion. A Borgia is held incapable Hy reverend kinsman, our great Principal, the !ast est discoveries, we should never have had the mere geometrical analysis have pursued these in- waged to gratify an almost insane ambition at the of any good of aay kind a Lorenzo ofABCIBIIT AID KODXXa MHillll.The difference between acdeat timae and;time the silver tones o! that voice were heard on tragedies, tbe romances, and the general history, vestigations had NiwToa'8 demonstration not cost of the people's misery, and tbe massacre and evU. Nothing can tend more to keep men in ig- stantly kept belore the eyes of youththe diSsr- a occasion, when the foundation of the new the foundations of his fame. been known to him. Ir. one respect, however, the pillage of their neighbors ? From the height to norance than such exaggerations ; and they have ence arising from the art of printing, and ita im- public But the same principle applies as we!! to active ancient analysis has a singular merit, the discus- which his crimes had raised him of all but Empe- the hurtful effect of intercepting the instruction effect, the discussion of aU questions byboildieg was laid, justly ezt<»led the University as life as to tbe pursuits of science and letters. sion of limits. Its careful exhaustive of ror of the processso which a of tne real state of the portantcontemplation wiitten sdoresses to much greater numbeta thanand from theattracting students, not only Irom ail pa:ts of the Every one should have a special occupatioc, the examining all the caeee iti which any solution is dearly purchased by the French, of having facts in each case is fitted to impart. The ills can attend public meetings. The orator has thuaWest,eminence,passions, blinding extinguishing ;bers besides, nearlyobserve how incalculably thia ineiaaaeeweakness,leaningtale,T.hereis, indeed,an obviousexpediencyincsmmunity,tbe student. AU the; laxation or even of mental Improvement. His on the wrong side of the sun. Though these through the which sooner or later are lus which consists in the rare gifts of rich fancy, be a more fit than to dte the worda ofSula-ia Europe, there wiU rsmairi Iscptessed the great traths that popular rignts can ezi°t and be respect-;tiousness, and that abject al avery is net tke only claims upor. our time and tur attention as para- There can be no degrees of certainty, and the struction of thousands, the wretchedness ol mil- from all objects save one, but of directing and con- house more under the dominioD of family pialebusiness is his masterI servitude, stronglybut where there is uoauch to the ancientcapricesand differences notthing who held the;merits unquestioaablybelongsure to spring up in the soil of un- despotic powerap- ail asBEAC,literarycharacter inrecommend thethalilgfa-i that lib-erty doee not necessarily degenerate into licen- by thechoice of a pursuit, and submitting to its more strict in its demonstration than the modern. erasand suremount. lafnie fromaaarehy. Our kinafolk of the New After thevery generaladvice which I have of-proofsand the works ofdenyingperception of resemblancevoluntary analysis, nothing can be more Inaccurate than the controlled. Of these six errors any one would parent to ordinary minds but admitted byand the power of not only abstracting the attentiontoffon, albiet ef a are absolutely certain in both. When the lions. It would only be by a perversion of centrating It upon that one. This is what we call than any in France, to tiie exccae of theirWorld may, ia after life, recollect having known a fered, it m;y be though: that there are same par- those whose rule must be with the fate could excite our or that we which are to be admired at an awful distance. Principia pity,belongedcommunity ia which a church is established with- ticular subjects deserving consideration ; but tiiese nectuma verttte tnanti, vcrsatt iiumd, it should could regard his expulsion from France amid The ordinary qualities which dUigent study and aout the existence of a lingle civil diaqualilicaticn may safely be left to the care of the learned and bo bome in mind how highly the author of that the execrations of tbe people whom he had fixed desire to excel may place more or less with- BXAu thus apoetiophizea Uterarr men :attached to a in wliich excellent persone, who, in various departments, ijnmortal work prized the ancient method of inves- plunged into nuserjr and discomfiture, in the reach of all are most fit to be recom- "Oh! would bnthave sufficed to shake, almost to subvert, liispo.v-soonsuggested, quickjudgment,and every one of them had caused the de-grisoud for his labor, necessarystudy of the Greek geometry is recommended to all right feelings that the spectacle of his genius, the gUt of very few,relationship to the great engiDeer whoto their race, (RxonKyi,) and conferred mora tealtothenoblearto(beingusefulone or two matters I would ask their and your per- dence of the book itself, and from the statement ei.d, a solitary prisoner in a remote island, as of distinguished individuals. Of these Na- vanity woaid coapouad wub Itself aad sawll»et abatain fromcaediags, in whieh in* in.erference of tiie multi- of hie friend and follo'jve/ Hallit,a tuaeitaking their siiare in public pro- mission to d'.vell, and but for a few minutes ; nettwo in an eminentdegreetohimselfa dil-is a that lean suppose these subjects to be iieglected igent student of the Greek gecmetrv. Let the ampled sufiiering for vmexampled crimesim.-.ieasuTEble;being suLserviem to the perfection of our c-wi. TBI DQTT or EIBTOBIAKB.Kloquepce,however,canonlyin theseinacquired.modelo, bj his conetant ceasing, evor. in advancedof them, by his notGreek translating but one consid- eration !B decisive on this head—the Greek oratoryare often dwelt upon becausethe fortunes of in-tien thantheypoealbleworkingmen. It a was, indeed,P"y'^°'A^"w»h'o"f£c,o"*~.|; ywira"P";'.'"TM'ileclaiuation, by his from them, ir, hie finestpresentingthe mino, strike our imagination our a likeitoiyketween the tutorial and the professot^l metbciis even Ir parts ever be borne either sacredor themay be left untouchedand the vexed queetlcnthat, with all this condition,be on one ' alao putbut it is to subjectby the Senate thecause,peacelike mknnei been oat aa siogledtheir lives (a at all times principal objectwas most;the cause, forum in onr times, there is hardly one Suffer me to dwell somewhat upon tbe i::timateupon morality bythe ond. the aaampt rrisae, i 1th complete,TM.«»c-i^^side,afeaervatioo, which whoever considers tkepeculiar subjects But to the eye 01 calm reflection,with Ibeappropriately succes., to demonstratethat «study life,could iiave believed its more definite object to for any foreigner to become. Hy Uloatrioas Dniverslty (Bibkbbcx,) afterwardstopracticehigh aothoiltyof Mri (^BABLEsbeadaedi-himselfthe pride which had for self-indulgencetheyby econoriiybftime,of the heads appears, is at oace put dow.-i cy the riiLiTT or a CLOsa sttjdt or qrbik o>itort wrong to pass over the distjugulahed nimes of which wlMnsocver h'ehad a purpose to serve he care of themselves ;"tbeand the habit ofthe instantordinary action of t^e ;»'« ; tbove au, ou. Amer'- can. friends may reflect with ssiisfacLbn on hav-tion to them. of the calctiiut ;tad In this place it would be that wretchedness at length on himself "Taicecare fallingmiaut%s,hourataketywnt,thatmanysella nimself; If, tbsvUaroeattoaorlite- acemlBB.woithily employedthe principles upon which our system it fcunded, is better adaD-.ed to our mod- by the mastere of the art In ancient days—the less distinctly perceived. The outrage npon re- ject he was called upon to confer pracdeallyprofitfeelingswhich, eraaicoLiparably tha oftheir ligion hisdeclaringhimselfaMahometanto amongothersmayberaantiooedhiaregimental whereWattinbisworkshop"PP!'^Taequestionofextramuralkowever, I agree entirely with our Lord Rector) .tdec-iimg, busijess-iikt hatiis and while righta of the people, improvement ;byfurther his views in Egypt, and the equalinstTactiop-(onandso well know, becaoae he cared not so much forhadto the instruction of the g-st e''P°'Zil^tmay tt excellence,their advancement in and knowledgeeconomyprinciple the knowledge hepassages;furtheringIn with lecturing more than wretchedaess larger maiaea conaummate acquaintance whaUnrer aab- ago made the great ofaffirmedhardly one jf CicaKo'a ora-.io-s could refiotment— above all, in maintainingoatra^e the mingled force and fraud inobjects known to, and, if dimly perceived, little cared for,times be oividua.s,other than the just retribution by unex- roLEoa possessed;!diantty If, instead of vJUif^ing-by theyptecas,are of universal application the strict Ing llielr lafluesee, they woald etWALr.AOB aad Wat, both deeply imbued wiih the had never hesitated to make others -ondeigc. Lei mastering the whole of whatever subject or part biethitn in aims, falsehood, against prejaotga,roB raACTioai. utm. •oratory bnt cuUivatlng the ancient waxed, from hie- assuinption of supreme power ing acquainted with. The captahi who conveyed taaa a ceatnry tlie lAoIe face of tke earth aooM be•of AtOiB' is xine matter wiacb principles UM^mtiem analysis and expert in it be remembered that in every war which he of aanbject he.coniideced himself iateteatad in be- qnackary, tyraaar of- whativer iesettpiM, ia leaaThe studycanitotbe too samigly predietl uccn t1xe puyil ;of the aadent analysisaa itall the minute details connected with theIt iacjicy of mathematicalto ilisrf gard tbe Greek geometrypresent day that of classicalthat has ic this country since Sir IbaaC al aggrandisement, with a thin ilisgulse.ctI Helvetic deputies aoon withthetendencyof academical studiea to be- pierceappeared to eouwale Greek learcitig, bu: NawTos.—ship.wellrathtr-.c exii'.t the poete above the orators.mediation (1802) that, theughthebliea the and the Pieaa to spread over the peopleis and the latter the most eminent mathematician sornational glojy the glory of France, of which he was not a nstive—and we have the pleasure of his guilt.studies in theBut these studies are iese connected with the;that each one was -,:ndertakeii for his person- his precise and,were, fomiliar knowledge ofpleaaing, it is alao uaefiil, to reflect nponwere ofthedevotionof jeometrynotatall, andtheAtticoratory .hepunishmentofPalm(allproceedingfromthe theFirstConaol,yettheyfeltthemaelveadefisated turesoccaaionallydeliveredbyourProressorsthe Greek ThedeathofEKfiBinr,the sufferir.gsto the Attic tnly important as refining the taste and excets of cruelty wnich lezi :s apt engender longhereone more tbe effect on thebusiness of active life than othershopeleaathey so to in the discussionknowledgeofm a violent temper,) and the tortures of Tocrsaint,Not have the lec- onlyWaiOHX,discipline, which NaroiilOB did notof at home and abroad. hlB circumventioij of tne Spanish princes, have Jh the comforts of his men, nor waa at all sparing of almcMt changed the face o/Duke;) but be had a knowledge almoet^Mt wtthont the exclusive partiality arising like those for which they were composed, with a ject with the edocation of yduih, the formation of the undettaking an nnjattinable war for a eelfista namral of the place where each corpe, or even tuttl culiivaUon, and a keen '^.^.i^VS^of :he Greek which not in mightcircumstances eonneetlonof thia last-mentioned sub- importantof reproach.pieter-ih-^l^neatton! piejndlce is pretty sure to make, that few alterations, be delivered before our tbe of feelings, purpose, or the peiaisong a day longer than is company of hie viat armiaa, waa to be fband at» ofthetwomethodsis IJUf'^ny together prefer-ttiounals their efaeiishiof right opiniuaa,inacontaatwuchwas groandsipraseataaaoie grievous object of con-oroar assemblies. Bome publictbe merits of thaae whose historyonanygiventime,baeaasathiawaaultimatelfcon-of OaaoeiBaaae' finest erations were tboee in private eauses, and i>rncceasaryrightbenafita Ikat atiebd our plaa of home instead of composed tc be delivered by the parBee, t-ne cf having flourished ia times near tur own. Hia- tca^latiffii, inpUaa a diapoaition more pernicious •Mnewkat tinfeellngly termed - the raw material." Se°^";iS i?vrby-s:-^.lroVv«i'^«_able to tka adtptioD .«f either alone. Bat the greattaaghl, who are known aa cotamporariet, at leaat asuponaaeted with tha use he might make of what he ^aUntitled DocumentisbegunThe of later historyfODTT Oataryfound howCBABACTIUSTICS Orr widletaay in peHeet aaii^ -ap-erable which result from one on these dwellisgtheir minds the contrast betweencrueltyaccomplishments theyword, all their acquired talents as mach aa tliairwhen theirthe and their among people,inci^blemodern in onecaimot be too con-— heavy ]daaanor cantheiecan never be sufficiently kept in mind, and taarfi g one aaotiMr m aaa;tificsubjects'"'."lifj^ '7^r?Sca '"'TM?^.''^5-h1Si|liantand the are ofwith ason of the age, to the fury of bigots whom he was ment of the country has been stimulated l)y theparts,pressingmust ever be relatedsion, not indeed of the l>enefits which oar Con- ua hope and trust tliat no vile flatterer will ever1SON forobeyingadvantagecotild be taken of theirpsejodleea," Hiutbation due to such crimes must practically de- of the arts, and advancmg the improvement of " non cKm corpore eztinguMMter aufacwhichings right in themselves were the same blame at-Buzo DXments and his patronage of genius should havetheoffender be-Macici,orascribinghispopnlarjoinhis greatcapacity as a in discountenandng the feelings which, aader hiaon them than aul other members. Koa- the example and the success they devote themselvea kmiitlyglory*»f1 w '« iBwe ilie bottom of amj anbiect, er any subiaet, we fatant t* Imbb, aNaTke effKt of acUon aad reaedoo npea tte lla-impose uponneiglworingacriaaiiHi'^sa~.and cherish sentiments di- having tha,petrvtm.vel inornategtmmt iaarimtmgreat particular—of tlie and this never can be tootlOBs sad their labors to overthrownxarpa, tbe imnostar, wbo decnveh taabasa, whoinvaiiabiy rary tladiatota, thaybaaSW themselves like treesucceedingthoroughly yond precincu had the happieststepto Ibe working cl»*»"-! ir theiriaiomllable Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^.s^^=^www.fultonhistory.com 