 rofhuman perspiration mentsapart-which theCourt isallied,and whichhas absolutelybnka : od tha dxth, the diMn{-«zIe,botb puallel rod* and a cnak-pin box broke, aad botb counact-tlie early PsTtugnaae settlanwere derived fromthe a^potMfqnU and rilvek^jTapanese poUti.i cAectiMttbt.wdUnginITOeiftkesubject,coA.EUROPEAN CORRESPONDgNCE. BtATTBBSENFAKU. Iia—ortcleiia aad Ohartwl—Faakle Oeaaplr-. Aat Baasia ktsjasi thsflntplavarsla Fraaoi,aad flM*«iwardly NaapoHtaa atdon h^va m by dczaas irtthJhctr alaoMaad schoooarslMf t>^ daeks ofMaplaierthehaiboro<Pocziuu.easri.i«JleasiiaKna, Bt B„iBf TOd* and botb ladhia rods wan benttattoaadhlBion tbeaarentb, a piaton wa« found broken; on the pntea th* .^<^yt export of inld at 160,000 co-tnvjiUBt a^ ^ which our Common Council haaakf Amii, has permanently degenerated into an in-ofafniM&t priTate pbudsr.built some four er five hundred yean, it lias aU thatin 1806 first found, in the fcetus and a few of the old legitimist famlllM, who have time been wanting in what mast be considered Its news that Messlaa was bslng bombardedand thenottut tlie appolntmeat was ia tha Utncst doaiaa;' >»birds of a dental system of an unequal number of that the time for arrived.a successfulhas: hot, sJihoBBh •8CIENTIV1C BCIJJTIN.Insurrectiontotally crashed out!tka6aa«te—HbsanUKaaeareasaf Haw e«V Use—iJa la Treea—Spaataaieaaa Gea- •rMtoa—B«Te BUda Teeth f—A JHsdeatof the Museumof NaturalHistory,Paris and ;presentshabbydilapidated pltster and the rest thathypothesis.a.OWpaisaas the andtoavmdI.withthe existence in certain ss as the day he took them In his hands, and of the is extreme—not to say painful. The The is still here. He makes his appear,niil«»e»^l« Anertea*inieii SeiwtoT Iyebson, of Qeorgia, last weekAIterhitaccessiontothethrone,hewent lecture,the OovernmeBt did not calltlisBolalanoat. was aaoaopposed the resolution authorizing the employ-Thesoon to issue a series of volumes embodying the he did no>. occasionally Inta a snare. The his- bles. present generation of Florentines have for a was ament of a vesael toort five astronomers todrop it;yearelnatteLdanee, andwara knVf preparedtransf where the solartime been over a for the,somemight be beat observed, on the ground that he "could not see that the observation of the eclipse of tfaa son would enable todreaming bad i^ot contributed muchpointeclipseJulyport anytowardsthe work to be done untH a year or two ago. About that time a Society was formed to raise funds and tophenomena preaented duringtotaldo—making a series of elaborate and delicate experi-;citysingle specliSQens ofmustsee,;furnishing for the more exact measurement o^If she had been one of the Boston Academlclant, It It easy to see what she would have done with Paox's Tenus.I linavigation,twentymost uses to ImportantProf. WoLCOTT Gibbs,of thisCity,bythoasand dollars more. The esti- mated cost of the work Is something likeridealong *'theHlslop,ap-not to mention their value asfiftyI preiMWS to take a view teas tt aboat » larhwthamaelTes with beautiful speculations on Conic— Maubt's Lieut.Court, and then, relying upon her extraordinary per-sonal attractions, was to manage to obtain a titt-atelewith his Majeity, and to place herself on terms of In-timacy with him. The secrets thus obtained were to ument in progress, which it woald take at least a us- live) look on the quarter of the city which is the resalt the front lens, so as to obtain Ihe uknost amooal ofapaiftetionaratlon to build. With what feelings of hope, and pride, and love, and wonc^er, would be watched thelong It will be before the remaining three-fourthsflius described, Instead of taa siisslllisaaas retarding.had in view simply geometrical speculations."—Derelopments occssionallyKing was sfiort and simple, and soon overothe:s, though more imposmg, would be less Inter- esting to the citizens of Florence, or even to a specta- tor from some other The time was oeforeficial Almanac {Connaissance dcsdata concerning Neptune. This stirred Lc VerbixbNow, proclaimpublish—of ertrtUi,The.e are few Americans In Napie;- nowrepresentitloas discovered at Cir*-n^ester.longed watchings tune is to be foundsuoceeds in abroad, he wUllocalityNep-cientlyaddition to the bumiag heats of Summer, the air with- of that of 1830, and it would be strange indeed if It sands. The maintains here anthe •• atmosphere.are the wonder of the aristocratic fauiourg, from Even in the absence of leglslaUoD tometUng caa be which his saclety la almost exclusively made up.— merit"shipsgetintoof any a protest which—being pungent andmera, (such is its title ;) he goes through it, and finds, from the first page tu the last, no mention whataver made of Neptune. Recurring then to th«every cay thulskira t» "1 leave 1most neceisary to escape during the warm and ilckly Majesties at the Hotel Montijo ?" and we might add, eiid-clbss 't'usran cities, such as aiena, Pisa, Lucca, mate behind, expect:In, being thus classified odoo,discovei\ghatpoaitlOD of Neptune is false by 100 degreesyoufite ; theymagnificence youi,uaeiiiiancient edifice, andevery spadefullof earth is sureThus of the two official volumes, the one passes overwill tellthe " eharacter quadrilles," representing the seasonstlieskies. Conclusionplace The Connaissance dcslogna, and present himielf for the first time to hisof the eager subjects of tne Romagca. Preparations are chanced to light a few years agooppositethe Icserllon optny remarks which tbs parties iaiar- ested have to make on the subject. The plaa ladt-is of no! I. The site of tbe new bulUlng and its <apaa-:Temps;possiblereform ia UFgent." The gauntlet thus thrown down penetrateaA year has passed away since Tuscany enteredceeds in calculating the phenomenament of liquids in trees. arc Theyof the move-jeet as we should feel, much would be done. Much founded on the American War of Independence, vored the country by giving to ithas been done In England by private benevolence to called The Pkaniom Horse. In this piece we neces- to the requlremeiits ol the occasion. To makeus, workmen were employed on the nortnern side ofbooama Bchnslder, wbheostbade fair sGoemramyaenantasaloarcaa(taos reaaaiaus to beas to suchcloselyhasmetaphysical aids. Jamin, indeed, regards it as almply the result of capillary attraction. ThevritV^e wotlem greatFhUosophytaughtskepticalour have all pleasant York. Another American, Mr. PuAuir, also of New- in Norihem ItaJ^. but theysays the Glasgow Hrralifof nextTemps)and and the Ijowager, and, between tbe two, seems likely tedls gravel for roads. The vases have short haadlsa at tbe necks, and are similar to the of;aadf"g- tnarfk>»*(«aaa(M<hWh-haaded vlalatiaM aflaaih» CBnstt^ttSfc, whieh pnditaHths bse«eB<i(tellahiaaa<raBBt»iu worship. Taelfla-Ihs CataeUsa afiteM iht Ottea ttte aapiia was drained ei(btb. a ^iiiof-Ujik brokai oa tbe aiMh yearsday, «adja4^*~a _ wB-ijirbg States _^ a#_aeor baoga,tCBth,tKefrontaxle broke,and aince tkb,other of^0«,0«teotinp,or$13,600,000.«.J-.tamalnteabaireoccurred. Sofaraswecanlearn fiOB raUable report, than ware breakagoa-^8 o«w liiBet has not been officiallytantalasa asattva. inpottaat•f'tte fiiat tentripa.ofamaawhonamed in dght b« U as VuUan. Its dis-AmerloaaA^pkltryaa—BllliardaandBsr> f»"^'!55!r^TSl.S?*?•»»«•«»•fast MWMd tbe iMtbUUard ream that ht* yet bMa(iMP«BS^S0Hei^ms»tUmMThere may hare been intar-and other break»ie» of which we positively refused the fraternal homagemnUataha*? not baard. The SoutkiBorko-s the historymaaages to give hlm- N. year by traytag propertyr "•!nl Ihtilpaaxle and two epringa ; Ita boiler haa been pAs wished to giv«^ him. His letter in reply^Pasm, Thursday, May S, 19«0.SMfan ineome of $10,000 aouttbe kingaoia.drftJDK•o bnint aa to be oaelessand it baa been in the Park during t&malar, haviog tailed to gire aatiaraction laGen. liAKOBioiEBi baa been delivered over to the streets aad boulevards, end thaa sueing for lodem- al Italy haa been mainly oranges, claudless skies Amencaa u'-sstyiemnatvk.* whoaprefaatdtaiakaUlalL Is an^im^^aDanaed,SEtU- he says that the banquet would ill accordfacetious journal is making with the brave General's;makes tke colncideace more carious, both are la the habit of heaping aaathamas on the aotkoriUai of tbeFlorence and Some, and winds blow ia Naples, withMr.Hnjianuotgyrts.istheeglyPiiHliafaitli— ary whoaumlalnaklasehoet vntoCtebiMMaHar;axes waythey next asked him to accept a set of amusemeats of. the Parisians.' Not satisfied with city for the annosytaanmceitso fwrUocmhthtehey are subjected! peerless bay Is beaotifally blue oa great eeeastsasfor which citr it was intended. We this:tka.iluM-illch axle of the Stom haa been replacedCktrmari agalii reausottatet him, ia order to makedefile before him a series of documents, which placethe General in the ditagreaabie position, not uncom-mon ofamong great men, being obliged to swallowate Mr. Boohabait, Ametloaa Hialstar at Copeaha-axle of Frusiian steel. AS'HlflBft'I'ASRB'A hand-drawn engines, So. 8had -itaV* ma:SeIrn. Emaitosl;B. Survsw^rot the Port of New- Habt,—it^'i'ttiMaiidahalf-inchRrcHAsa Cobbbb. aad innumerable aorthera ealivened hy pollUcal news. Rome Is (nedoia ;at 'aoroppottnnitythe eon's distance from themfeiattim of the velocity of light. Besides, if thereisaoyene thing which the history of mechanical ing an extraordinary number and variety of com-iaa—>l<i«a ahows, it is the marvelous manner in P"Unds.Pics IX, was here laIts place the foundation stone of the front of the Church of Santa Croce, and already the scaffoldingsbelieve, entirely ceased. The material Is much more dlfiiculrto dig In than tbe soft ashes and lava of Pom- peii, and the city lies so nearly under modern Porticl^lertures should be so anaogad as tabs readi-earth,lately made.rich banker, the owner of one of the lea^Ung Opposi- and this noble monument, not only of Tuscan, but ofand the deter"but for a different—Ubiab a.wMeh the most purely abstract speculations push BOTcrat, Esq.,1857,hepatInthrough conception,awarded as a premium to any reaident of Norththose strange and Interesting beauties that never fall to impose upon the object of their deaigos. This la jy,climbed half way up to the roof of the venerable pile. When the cathedral front Is actually In progress, thehabitants overhead. But Pompeii Is open to the sky, admirably situated to escape the settling of water In the works, and free from all modern superstroetloiu.befixedatthaaadofatelsaeepa tabs of tha length, and the imaga at ths object,of beiog received upon a asrean. or trnpreisidtostUi untranslated ia worth giving herea vary large planet was discovered to which the or fashion skall bid, ean thus leave tke City and es- name Nq)toDe was given. An astronomer having etpe to tht mountains or the sea-tide, to couider the occasion, «ay, to make observations on this planet, condition of those they are leaving behind. Tkese takaa up the official Almanac,for the use of asirono. Inhabit the mbst SIthy streets and alleys, fro(» which,This," says the French savanour cruel neglect.itsThese Northern Provinces are united under a single plastic art, and architecture, works which they Is of marvellous"U whit I have just done."givsa the physical theory of capilliarity, and sue dones, .>ken of in Parisian scientific circles as a series of brilliantthe difficulties less, the people are patient and watchful,wiui the Eieen- temenuspt thephysical researches, conducted in a phlloaophical spirit.;deed and In truth, loved our neighbors as our-a commendable—A new example of thein the Palace of Versailles,the battle of Yorktown, and which ssme moderation and firmness, with courage andJuurs. "But the most valuable teauit atiamed was tne dis- o«e, has played D Cavallsre.' ^a'^'Oi/SIIS.beingcat Piedmont,the well-knowa sculptor ef 1TM°"^engaged In exe.uting aelllaa, Ac., will receive timely warning of the ap- pnteh of a hurricane, and take measures accotd- jagly. To have subjected the seemingly lawless irinds and storms to human prevision a certainly oae of the noUeat achievements of modern science, and the present plan will give Meteorology a truly human significaoee.during ihe elege of Athens by the RomanGen.^'f;,ted fibresTf -:the families of tke rich, who, when healtk, pleaiurethe Archbishop officiating. reputation and all because the flag which floats over ditA.as tneorgans played,Romanremainsof the Bureau, he is fortunate enough more than onein theprocoringan Almanac!SiiveieignequipageFoaijieliindicated, no What's to be done ? If hebaring rntainedla January last tbe degree of Maitre es Jeux. which pra-published in the Annuary th^kot for washing or coottlag.some of an iicly distributed on 3d May. fragment"In 1846—Tnetn- stretchedon the floor ol the Academy of Sciences, was soon most crowded and uncleansed; let bim enter thelife. On tbe 27th oftaken up by a score of savage savans, ami i'ro-nwho favors a certain extent of bril- liancy in his Court, does not countenance such ex- travagances as these. But the Court Is surrounded,upon lispoliticalhoufes, penetrate to thealitjes, which are apt to be perturbative also. Mean- esveclally on a hot Summer's dayclimb thefilthyplanetary perturbations they soon got to person. while tbe taJie has been thronged with an unwont-;moagers filed out in long procession, l>caf as (thecheoiist. not the novelist, undeistand) was heard—In the vicinity of the Parthenon and Erech-of the different lots of ground for the eonitraatlaa of symmetrical houses on tatisiactoTy condltiaas as i»>—ed aoAsBce the gossip-lovers, namelyhow they die there too ;—let him breathe the air, with its granaeurs, and he i^obllged to yield more orbouse,Furthermore, hea union which time must consolidate!a place to die In, Is thispoorwith bisreputationof the principala^ttTHiSScSIttSiniKS S?..Vv*.7^S.^7h'.'""f'aeatvod aaalifeatit* Ihtl iha> mmtUjtf&MHy designated' aaIt U oaleu. Greek Charehshali r I t|-g"''haa ofaban- haa broken iu which the medftal and scientific cirolea ofbeen, in Italy, as wallaseverywhere,nnpreee-coverer, the too modest Dr. L«80abba«lt," and retired life." Frustrated m simplea laudable ImltaUoa of energy. TUs Nsw-Eagitadqinettioaof the King's visit to lay the corner-stone of the front offeels justified in assertingtightbuilding King only appear- to be ready at a motBeat's waiaugnot yet whole exterior ap to the base of tbe dome, except the ance whence tides out, for he never goes to the third unsuccesslol attsmot waa made to "^rt^mt thaSummer. They dwell In the mostcrowded and worsthe is received with that 5poutanenus and heart telt enthusiasm which cannot and should not bs repressed, and ofside this ;i,-pli>iiated country'. FRO.W GREECE.ventilated houses;reqasntlygave prizes to anPoesif et le ; to a *' rustic poem," en'dtled Lsscrowdedto find the elements of the planet's orbit. With where all must eat, cook and sleep,—often with sick which cost $120,oduAmuaryfamilyijitopersons, The Ouijhess of Bsbbi gave awbiohtheoRjectiaSotruly worthy.I'ne ';eeriofSie^cle *'reanlta to be derived from the study of Meteorolo t<«^vet, and acted as we would hare .othes act to- Iwhich represents placesnouno giving thebe obtained in the rest of Italy, Tuscany certainly has already achievedcovery of a colossal female statue, cUd in a long artfor the moment In a moribund sStSalie}mSroSaZgSa^gy is announced by the Director of the Imperia Observatory,Paris. InconnectionwiththeDi- rector of the !Belegraphic System, he has estab- lished what ho calls the Telegraphy of Tempests The aim is to watch the rise»ailus, were we in like clrcnmstsnces, we couldorder of batUe, whUe WASHiaoroiftunic,was Intended to be a nlnlature representation of ther,_-j_,follow their course by means of the telegraph, and signa their approach to sea-ports in time to be of sertheof havebeenmads PlacedonRa'fl"ofTMt-y^- ofFSlartekof storms, toTMiah."..«WLo,rL'k'w"hia-e"'."*«"'thysources of Jspan, It seems probable that a more Coaaaa. In his noticingstate him to undertakes In Horse" the rote of rolling the "PhantomprofiUbleeralthaniaitsvegetableproductions. Suchistbewith the idea of thehis breast, which kwks ss though some Cyclopean smith had left hitA latge.woA on ths li«K Arts of Oft An anonymoos writer In a "f*"'!'^^""^ ilMrafabaakoaeinjtisajraBasrs, *a., toread a on the subject at the laat Brittah Scientific Baaalon. We know that the principal profits ofauthor.I saw an Itemtaatlmony of Mr. LinaiKoa OLXrUAWi.vho paperaad, oatto thefeel how the people live there;Superintendent contained In the JournalK-IU be fsr each obligatoryis annazad ts ths; If.tils own wards. All this amuses the Parisians im- mensely,aadperhapsnoonemorethaatheEmperorlibertynilfortunateforpeoplewhoinsistonusiogboil- vitalproducts; M.Pastxubaverstiiattheseseem- Italianplot,aadcanaffordtolaughatlismorelu-It is Bot oflaa that the steady stadsBU of ittaw ia> ~ doljeiathelanr7a(arsbdlM,aner ths enSfIaeh that will da scarcely a third the work of thebast boilan, aad who build machinery of the fragileg^l^elK above indicated, that they have the law01^ tj^iii rtiiVt a law against using the best engitieaaidafcnriBg the beat leaulu at tbe least cost to rest : here their experiments seem to be for from tiieClty. Cecisive.dicrous episodes.While Gea. LAKOaicnaa has taken the fatal stepyou la my last that tliere was an Insarrectim laingly spontaneous products are really the develop- ment of organic germs in the atmosphere. On the existence or non-existence of such microscopicFrom anr Own Oorrespondent. Flobibob, Moaday, April 30, 18M.Switzerland, The Governor of Palermomw a*germs themust, of coutae, ultimatelyfrom the hapasMlips ofa probsaoT'. But wa hava aav totbetbe lousdatlon for the arrests turned out to be of the of']pratectlng the City againat conflagration, like not. Geovtbot 8». HiULiax, the illustrious philo- flbaslest character. The sadden zeal of LaHoaiciiaswhichdocument since this. Tke subject seems to be Ig- feasor o( Criariaal Law, owl aatsnd at aMatMnaSa nored. An English vessel, toacblng here, brought ttis discharge ef his duties. From what cans* watoavThoa it appear* lliat the most important buaineaa —Have birds teeth t It has long been thoughtsopiilc anatomist,of a bird, a series of teeth, which disappear in themost essential part, ^he/afade has been commenced more than once during the long period, bat from c i-atpresent Thecontrastbetweenthe;dissgteeable to tke law-stateats. Beueanew tSrvmprofessor reachaB (he middle of hu first loataia. wlicn a storm of deceive apploaas aad Uass"eat Mhe admitted a temporary dental system. These first Indications of St. Hi-sent their sons and their money lo Roidils regarded as a sort of hostile demonstration, IntanQed to reactgeneral belief here seems to that the attack was be,saccessfal,and that tbs city Is now agala in the handsadult and ;sliort. lavalB did twoaccordinglyLAiax have been followed up by U. Blascbabd,andof the enemies of theotter «Acsn of flwt IwprsteBt, attempt to reatonaiSar:people generally, Government, ridicule tills feeble attempt at opposition. It has given aa opportualty, however, for Napolbos to show the ~ jBfsa—TkeTelegrmrhi'afTeapeats— fromhiastudiesonacertain ofparrot he fewenemieshehasleft, thathestUl holds tie reinsteeth.—The Imperial prtoting-office of Vienna IsBut Nafolios, like most monarohs. Is assailed with plots of varliut kinds, snd It woald be wonderful ifunfinished portion. Is ss beautifal as it can easily be made, with a mosaic covering of rich colored mar-opera.several times to the San Carlo, but washis mother-in -law, to whom he is a perfect slave, thatThe punifhmaat isfllclsd.The Coandl Issoed a msndate dismlssog ths body of law-stadents, even those who had boata whole family,an* fone small room, the far West. Think of a ball for a thai: sand'*epistle to a publisher, entlileA Usspecieswall ohstained and••ar given miutairgttppltwttttt \ss (a:i)eV yco-gork gtmeo, gatorltoB, ittflg l^> ^86o.eaoogh toaorbauavattiat cottatttMti, avsa«(vation round th^ world, (in the ffovtra, between notfall, has just been told me. Your readen vdll all 1857 and ISSSJ) sent out by tbe Austrian navy. recollect the Imputed liaison of the Emperor with themoneypayingfori1i»< Isi iHaa afTbeexpeditionreports rich contributions to Astron-andItalian beauty, the Coantessdireet the enterprise, of which the then Hereditary.Grand Duke was made the chief oflicer. One richcitizen commenced the subscription list with a hand, antiquitiessooner," tie gave utterance to a vulgar error un- omy, Physical Geography, Geology Ethnology. existed only In name, was a deep-laid to ascer-discovered at Herculaneum andand we Imagine that tt will ha Mav tbe University of Otbo. B.happily not confined to the Senate of the United States. A very little astronomy would have taught tbe doubling Democrat that observations on theeclipsesaubauiUnoagh their determination of terrestrial longi-tndMIt is the first circumnavigatory expedition under-plot tain bit Majesty's Intentions la regard to Italy;Pompeii before another case of insoboidlnatioa will aika hatakenbyinterestinglithofanlnahtaths laigar dae, at waioh fta~the Government of Austria, and is cer-some cantributioD of one hundred thousand Tuscaa poands, or about fifteen thousand of our dollars.;ta nly a nobler field of enterprise than any in whichallshe has long distinguished hereeltthat the Count Ca- and that to the beauty and diplomacy of Madame de CAsrisuoin are partly dueKingla a quay,ariB the fineststreets,more the nude" than Museum and CabinetplatinimidoUan,was A that the enterprise Is taken held ol with real energy"focus, aad of a diametar salBelent to insurein tbe figure. This siioald be famistied, at ttks aesfrhas been « etals, which promise t jF. B. A. S., ia view of the nearor suffi' aad accnmulated statuary ot tha city could furnish. oonstrac^on of a ksliocraah. bs frilows. Bs sayB:ments on thebe ol high theoretic interest.osmium, seems likely to become one of the most;the Important events of the last year la Italy. Whether this history be true or not, a slxllar at-two hundred andOne of these metalsiaaeaoafof the elements. It is capable of form-tempt,object,there can be no doubt that the funds will be ralsedldistance In front, with a series of stspo, say 6a aI-ofThere is not a has deposited with the Franklin Institute, Phila-Boston, Mass., a chain delphia, the sum of one thousand dollars, to befirstaccomplish this he brought Into requisition anothertommhiBiril result but goes backol antsceoents to a theoreticalthiswB oat, it may be, as a daring idealism. For America who shall determine by experiment a titled woman, was to be presented to his Majestyproltte practical applications.receptions a more popular character than has been known 13*that regal when a new deception awaits him. After pro- of air and where, hi addltloa to the sickening odsrs remained till to-day unrivaled. The ball of the pile lor a lung time belors. If not as democratic as sky, i our sufli-Prcs and to^two ;different Le aathors,the position given, he turns his telescope to the children, and without any possibility of a circulttlen ball In 1630, which, for magnificence and originality,sent In by M. Beulay Paty, liDrarlan of the Mlaislry;entirely In their helplessness, and go todrawlrigThe new window, to the Qlatgaw Ca- preaentedSummer reUeats, wasting indisplayYork, Is fastinlierltlng the reputationTaoas, of his re-almcst beyond tbe hopes of the most indeed, to have formed :r part of It. Alter the con- Brothers Bslrd;Cometh, surely it wiUbe to .omethyDgGeneral Is' permitted to make allusions lo thfnk ol-somS F?.n"b a InThe Weather -The Bay of Naples—The la- sarreetlaBs—ATlslttatheSnbterraaeaaInvesagaUonsousatuaFcEcih—^hencethestoicphiloso.,hersderived ofSsiony,P^"P'*^^^SUleadingtoihsalalfat*.Ithingtocheerth.gloo.n that wlhire,a?easome MagentaandSolferino! In grandscen^that vice. Thus Havre, Cherbourg, Bordeaux, Mar- poor, Industrious mother, and liren her health and which LAVAism appears before the sp.endld court ofpedestalReuichlin all,gonc.lfl^r«o^««reltoTM.u^»TMjJ^a«Hstrength sUll to loll for h«r dependent Ulll. ones or preserved alive some helplass children, to be the'fu-Lj^?a.\^Ifv^r.Xs,lnl7r9, to pl"i the cause of the American colonists-the «<i'hor of Oie play hasdllesi &o.•lure' consolation and supp ^ortof theiraged odrenis E. Y. li.General a of In the mouth of the yoanf speechFrom Oar Own Oomspoadsat. Naflbs, Saturday, April 21,restored and adorned Uadilah. The floor ef the westernSilla, tbe Em-sutues, Uke that aCnnew music, new decoraUoiis anl the "finest climate of the world" is able to boas!.that the roof, water-spouts such a» *"• sotne means ware waatlng to bring ths EngUehnM-The Late Mr. Canner, the iEronaat. No ISH TBOHFSOB'SraasT, Nsw-Yosk.Thursday, May 17, H60.AonlyAliterary and scientific institubOB hasthi Editor <if tke Neye- York TinesWill you do me the favor to correct an error inmagnificent stylecostumes, and a reallythe genUeman who does aU the NopoUoni theaue, and is rather too small for the F»r»< Consul,relation to the decease of my husband, Mr. A. It,wasdestrojedbyfire. Three helmeu w«.»a '-'^-' sailss tt tor tta dallvaryfashionableof Col.to ventilate themthoroughly and make them healthy. If we realized that these larly a LArAisrrz.;>iirticu-has come again—let as hope, with an enlatge* people adrertlses aaat»i»important practscalu*. inlarg#-measurethe French General, Rochabbxau, in the fere- energy, to enable them to 8cc^ompllsh all their plans.announces"Intentions"ofsettling HiIand preservethat fathouB picture the exercise in the futureselfixintrol,of a of the of a statue of Cares son of Nicias LAMPatcs. vUlt. Herr Lub«;k. whose specialty l«,«*t,*!!?iimprove the houses of the poorieople are our brethren—If we, not In word merely,while theyare quick to lend their aid. Therms only required Tlese were fallowed by the disclosure of the pedestal pertory. Madame Schumannnot lefrsln from and doinglomeihlng,dalngmuck.standsmeeklybehind, likean ald-de-camp.In themuchatasmallcost,and the :27tb of the anni- April,Itself In its state. It Is therefore Acropolis original:;covet^funeral, you8uek is not tike fact. He was not a Bsmber of any /ayeiic, his size Is lusame ftetai, among the mo«t recent acquisitions.andseveral gaailomelaevtaaliaisB,issisd, was datwlaad save some of.His Mr. aTrus- Society. ccisln, Faiacis Wans, Isto secured me,atCemetaty. Respectfullyyoors.Mis. A. M. CONNER. York, aad Baaaxa of Paris. It may be ia tA »««SHthe prtoclna'l New-Yorktee of thattlie prlvUeae of Intemwat b> themHI»CypressHillsbetween the twocelebratedplayerii,PHAi.aa of New-forge-fire smouldering, sndralna.atta^ upondalUejA.aJso"ricaa "«SuS»S«uc~o~./^i that venerablebeaearlr readytat thsftaos.Lodge,ofktndnessSociety's grouadslately In an American paper*•i {dismalaltamatlons In weatherasmaining In Its' original position.were found a great quantity of the Ules of baked clayw>Ie«—raae7BallsKaeeptiaMi—ANewler—bceniana 8peealatai& FroaiOnrOwnOsrraapeadcat,seeatt France, ia Ike RaeLepeUetler, oppMlta the Grand Opera.A Freaeh jouraal this week spreads before its read-I mast add, howavar, that this past WInlarhasis for the moiaest onePhOaaelpbia,jtiaanmn ^ «•* eona«i}n«ne« of the breakagea</ tbaaa laat boUt enginaa, ia wUek theae dicta-ton of plana to the City had their own way, that compelled to call on subscribers to Uke back their evade the torments of a dvil war in Us own ranks, away people daily. Amesg titosa now at that hsuse In tha eeacentrata glory of swaUew-talls aad brassplan,astronomical instrumenUemptorily refuses, so that the committee have beeaThe last few 1Jalte< States have brought over such loads of travelers that Paris Isbut, ordinarily. It seems to bs green aatl browa. It teems like some vrho ia seaslHaeUherlnstnict flietrmpOsia aaT^Se MSSsSi With vnama"e•m»«M•^*S*»NOC:;money.The vexed question of spontaneous gene-ration ia Doing hotly discussed in the French Acad- emy of Sciences M. PoucHataffirma the.reality ofmotleyoverrun with Ameiicans. oTfhtehe HRoutelddenereat humaa earavaasery Rlvoll, tarnsall country dsndy, geesthe week, aad blasis fnth oa Sonday,bailer btuoed ao that its repaiiato haw coat iioin six hundred spontaneoiu generationhandled dollars; and it haa had M. PoDCBST proclaima the apparition, under hisNaples. In thabut these aUo ho per-bringing tiie General face to face with hisarmy, aad fbreing bim to coamlt sviolde la order toPasnua denies It.of not gens farmes esoagh to hold,t0..,ei||l|.fai^ilkagea,andapentmuchtimeintherepairshop- hands,ofiafusoriaandmucedinea—pureelectro- Umielf,whonowteahimselfsafelythroujhthe CempietteaaftheCathedralatFlereaee—Theallwhawagimplonsloague•gainstlla au- thoaaexeentsdbyptaotagraphlesaaB.whichCBAsaiBsas is qnletty sndnlag himself oa the publls promenades of Paris. We hear frequently of plottingIsiuad soon proclamatioa to the oyal Inhahltanu of that totra, ia which he thaakSd them for tbe firmaees with which they had resisted aadof Ytie at Frincataa ; aithoogh tkay doaoi, ordtaiary oeeasloas, haattals to exgress (bolt itiiiai batloB at any thlag antraleaae that tTSMcompromiseshim forever in France, Gen.after, (or a perhaps just before,)ofItalians at Paris now pretend that this ftauon, whichthat Madame de Cisiiauoai was only a political instru-areInaccessiblethein the hands of the Turindrew from the Emperor the desired secretsUTEKART AMD ART ITBH8.W.proach of the great solar eclipse of July, soggoalsttamentInten lew of Plombletes was asked forvorja In consrquencetion papers of Paris, conceived a plan for anlving at Italian the Emperor's designs In regard to future warlike op- Holinesserations In advance of his fellow-speculators. Toin a fewyears completed.Casiiouosi. Theattenaence in the Uolveralty Is Ihe only n^ffcTi af o^ tain ng tlie necessary lnftiu:tlon for aa adalsslaa ta practice In tlie courts, tha smdealB have booB abUatt to come to termsCabinet; that sheOther sums have been and the gives,;similarlythe San Carlo wear blue don't-mentlon-ems, dec, which eminently modest precautions are talien In aaheald inatanoe,theancientGreekgeometersdelighted whetherallraysoflight,andotherphysicalrays, underalltheformsrequiredbytheetiquetteofthe peoplehere—whoreallyloveart,andtakepleasure ThereforeItmightbesuppmedtheworkofexhuming Berpopnb.oato.gsraapshUlosaIdrpaloa,tea,djastahlbaeartaetahtsvapdtboypaarao4t1ha-Sactionaseitoa of generations, the renovation of astronomy tand oat of this has the art of navigation attained troduced toHhe French public by H. Jolien, in an:wrought,longwould tre well if every great centre of iMpolatlon tisd Its grand mon-those speculationsotlmwise than through the speculative labors of the American savan, andof tils plate bv chemical means as is aow aaaa. wa:for the was fixed, but the In the presentation plota meantlinehadbecomeknownInthesaloonofacele- brated cantatrice, the resort of a numerous society ofthis How, with pleased thoughts, would men from mapsIs not In this department. The and at the same time aof bringing on positive contagion.Where the Bich and where the Fear Pass the Bummer.theneiaea. Among the most retceshiug exhibitions of The season is fast approaching when our wealthyaad fashionable citizens will, according to their annual;but manywere a one. The end. In ihe same spot were also foand same <»>arise that show acimtista to be, after .all, the same manner of mencajed bones, coIab,—aa omaelvea withsame passions and petti-statuaiy, bronzes, mosaics and paintings which areconstantly discovered, are treasures almost impossi-ble to estimate In money. Bat the (iueen a of grooved tile*, teveral otbsr vaass, aaiF^thiaaatoreis thequarrelstill ragingbetweentherelics.belter under groundare or are not trtnsmitted with the same velocity.In seeing an enterprise both large and handsomethe golden age of Raman civilization, and reading listance to magnify tha Image. The best Isas fsr the latter objeet would probaUy be ona oa the attta- graphlc prindpla, wliieh conatroetlan would also la- crease the means of eoiraetlim la coaabinattaawtlhafter awhich it never could have reached interesting work based on the generalizations ofimportantPhysical Geography of the Sea have just been in-ment a new etament of happiness. Itsucces^.:Currmte and so that, to use Revolutions of the Atmosphere Imec^fthe Sea.Mtaaaanta and AfolloaicsrifiiMrii'n illostration, " the sailor who is pre-served 6am ahipwreck by the exact observation of French savan that the vapora exhaled by sickowes his life to a conceived those afflicted with cholera for tbeloagitQde, theory persons, example,two tboosand yeara liefore, by men of genius who contain animalcules or organic miasmata, capable—Tbeideahas been justkonorofGod, or some truly great benefactor of so-dynastygreatarriving at oar resalts byentiti^.laborsAlas let some.supporter of the Bourbons (If any such yetsoggested byofas It stone bear date 1858. Indeed, the appropriation of $1,000grewon thewill have added to theirrecords. Is carried on irith vigor andof the constant labor of 110 years, and calculate how ascuraey of pictura. By the anaagemaot I havecustom, leave the City, and seek a more comfortableilloatrious astronoirer LeTkkbieb (whose pre- and healthy retreat in the country. And what, then, of the fashionable world are in great grief about the an- a teiy hriuament of wax ar.d tallow con:iteliatious.the deep ahis.' of the cupola, flii;kered and glimmered diction of the discovery of the planet Neptune the poor, whom poverty aad the necessity of labor nexation of Nice to France. Heretofore it was the BcLe .'h. was crow ,:ctJ what seemed to be one-naif oiItalians, artists, jouruallsts, literary men, and men ofdaytoday contemplatethestructure,men, employed in digging in tha gardaa of aa iMMocQCABD, ii also often numbered among the vlsltDrs at this house, and here this faithful Mend of his Majesty learned the scheme in time to arrest It. The presentation never took place. If there are any Bourse advantages to be gained by early!country.mid-day, and the great vault and dome of the cathe-intelligence,you may be sure that the hungry people around the least t€n thousand candles. Along the nave andDowager quantitytakes little or so Interest in digging up wicked hea- ail urn of red >d>y, were exhumed. The top ot thv<rTuilerles are not likely to allow it to go to outsiders.aisle.-, in the i^tiaptis, under the arches, and far up inthenAccordingto her a Venus Is Ideas, mucham had been broken, and a quantity of soil had beea ^ pressed in. which had mixed vrith some fregmaatsiT^Tbe consumptives and imaginary consump:ive.'i ofand as for thevote seems to be but a handle by which he is led.the p<.>puihUon of the townranks among the most august achievements of the hold prisoners In the City through tlie hot and ticUy fashion to say, " I am going to spefid the Winter in rideo, far the moiui-nt at least, between the very She is a Bavarian princess. Her two sisters married raised as to their original deposit. The spot wherehuman intellect) and the Bureau of Longimdes It aioae out of tbe complete omission from the of-I am going to Nice." This sounded well in a novel anc han'isome llluminatfon, and toe King sft- respectively the Emperor />f -Austria aad ths Prince dose to an oldseason, to whem the ipaclous and airy houses that the rich forsake, on the comparatively clean streets, would be like so many palaces ia Edea campsred with their ewn miserable, crowded and stifling hosiss, on filthy itraets and alleys ?they were found Is near to the River Severa, aad:^>">v^BiP9i? "^c^the other day, after laying the comer-stone, added aboutthousandolent to build a first-class Protestant chnrctu Nowpride, PopeThesely changed, and may liaeitharholas piareed la a pWa of brass sliding In front c( tha Isas, or be siiaaBa< la a circular disc, turning on a eoatra, similar to laa dl-—going forward dally enjoy-mM*ti:lie poiSiyeaWriar-wma a dctagqaitaaaireUl-hBoaa hls/oftHalTbe Florentines have ased the opportunitydjnasty, and some arrests were recently made i but their Cathedral. Although the great Church has beea their fair land with blood. I have heaid of ao official and Obstetrics, Mr. Coeras, was auda adjaaoiv?among thereturned exilesagaliutpresentsupmessed tha treasoaIthreatened to delugetheof Francethe work was be- destroyedof the Governmentlndeed,inany think that the wholeclergy including manythrough,-prlee of rulera orfore it had advanced far, and finally left as it is seenwho chanced totlie exeielae waslag day, a crowd of gllad tta aiiiiasresults of a two-years' voyage of scientific obser- tory of one lately set for him, and Into which he did longplanconspiracypeople,be turned to account in heavy stock operations at theBourse, a part of the proceeds of which were to goInto the pocket of the fair Marchioness. The time slew but steady advancement of a work raised to the come to light, and he will be obliged to own that have the pawermeebanlcally'of diminishing ths UgU,area year foi the work, is hardly more tlian safflelent forfashion. The Emperor's Private Secretary, M. The ceremony of laying the corner-stone by the the preservation of what Is already nncoverad. And bowllng-grscn, came uoon some vases or jugs, ahattciety.by stone into Ita harmonious and sublime proportiorsdral were darkened and then Illuminated with at;the admiration of ail di-'Italysaloon, and was a sign of ari.stocratlc dlstiacUon tlrg upon a liiron:; whrcn uad been ratsed oy the side of Thurn uid Taxis. They enjoy the gayetles ot gravel, supposed to have been taken frem the rtror.goingderrick, looking very pretty,cr'msou dauask anu gilt chain, the ceremony was up;;to Montpellier or Avignon—a sort of vulgar voy- to the provinces. Thus the climate of that hereto a journey to Nice would be like ot the altar. Atter the s^jne iiad been lowered Intoits tae hand of tie with the aid ol a European place by King,ageIt would be a wtaolesoae thought for the rich and tofore renowned resort Is menaced with a loss o conllnutd with the act of consecration at tae altar ;or iii .\merlca cither, for by this time the wonders of Avtzzo and Lechoin. Everywhere this ball must have penetrated even the wilderness ofIby the Kins atthePittlPalace haveIntercNliugtoAntiquarians— Progress Excavations.fables," byCorlcau et sits Onfs and Lt Chat el la Ckatts. Aa ad*President's House, they were arising from the festeriag filth in the streeU, and la Champs Elysees was intended to efface the memjry so. as the invitations v/ere £cit*ered In thou-keptWhat a place t» live—what placecomlag uponto be sick —whitcreatures- what very paradises would be the homes and streetsof thisof the brilliant costumes, ofto bis char-ic-.er, and which, joined to his gen'Jioe he-roism, hbs won for him his universal popularity. Tnscovered and glided coaches of tbe late Grand Duke, tu contain a dozen bits of old pottery, often with a tlon of a new opera house has jast been opaaad at with other festa baubles of tnat sovereign, hivu been name or a design of some kind upon their sides- tha Malrle of the Ninth irronolsement la ths RasaTo thesethe details of theThe preliminaryienfuefe relative to the consttne.Neftune in silence, the other places it in precisely from which the more wealthy and fortoaate escape. and the elements ; of the marvelous decorations of l«f t to their repose In the places where they were laat Some local! ies are particularly rich. Sacb was a Drouot, where the plan will be exhibited to pa'jlle ia-direction from its truein theLet any person of education or refinement, or onethe hotel, of the pantomimic moon and garden,laidup. InadayortwotheKingwillsetofffortia-spot on which tbe Athenian .Archaeological Societyspec'Jocforthreeweeks,withtheusual Ihc regiatarcreated by elsctricUy and painted canvassuse to astronomers, and a radical ble purity and healthfulness," leave Broadway and supper, the flowers, and even the witty sayings of the makipg at every point to give him a welcome, and a collection of Inscriptions all more or less mutilated, cafesprises and extravagances were heaped, one upo.i an- other, in unheard-of profusion.even accustomed to breathe an atmosphere of tolera-Into the cross and by-streets and.alleys hlnTrlsit some of the worst parts of the City, and thebackstairs ;—let him do this at any season of the year, butyards,;let him see andfled to a foreign and hostile State seek the weaponsnot for protectionolis,theum. Some extracts from thelast;with wnichThere was a time at Paris when the fetes, the a blind infatuation and a fatal imbecility, chose to castInenthusiastic patriots. Whathas been achieved In the clusion of the examination of the vicinity of the sentlally different In the west window many tgnna idea ia not new, but it has not hitherto been ad- them !—for they will not all wait for our return. Be- ceptions. Bat for the affair of the Hotel Montija, (or 8hort,tlme, If allowed to stand, la a sufficient compen- El echtheun>, I design making a more thorough search are grouped together In one panel or comoartaant: mitted. To give it probability it needed to show, fore the middle of September there will be four or the Hotel d'Alba, as it is also callad,) Mr. Psalib sation ipr half a century of patient and tearful watch- iu the spot I have just mentioned, where I aut'.clpate but In the transept window each of tha six panda by decisive experiments, that bodies exer- more little mounds of earth In the ad- would have carried off the honors of tbe Winter, in iBg. Aiistrla has been driven ont of a portion of rtch and curious discoveries. For, as I have Into which It is dirided by tha mulllons aoatatas aalf porous five thousand Italy, and her Influence destreyed In another portion, said, it was filled with relics of tae time before the 4gore of an ancient proohet These are Moaoa* cise a capillary action superior to the pressure of joining burying grounds, covering up the victims of the splendor and costliness of his receptions. They and the more legitimate moral control of Piedmont the i(ersian wars, with remains of ancient tem- Isaiah. Jaremiah, Ezekiel, Malaehl aad John tltrBo*-which luxurious UvlBg the means mightpered;batfar aa theat least so regards magnificencestrfly see a WasbisuiomLATArsTrs,*n<and aThe sicca in fact reminds one ofthe cludel, beginningtheum. On the verj^econd day. some votive tablets and tnree decrees of the rewarded their toils.may recollect)has bean here. Mile. Jenny »sy'tsH^«„Vi, l*";?" *' should do quickly. Humanity Phantom Horse Linnrrs says and does everything, versary of her Independence, must ever stand as aBietschel, conjectured to have been a MUierra Pafiouciuj, or Is at'"«°"'~^ ^^y^TSJSHwmnot'w^^t Tht"; "i««»« «"« not wait.'.Dealkand It Is the French who whip the English, not Wasb-Boemorablfl day,NOTES FKOU NAFI.ES.* TM A. P." and to have served aa a sort present Guardian of the City," .nor ofb.Wh.V.iJ:T'"?y'"t'""notwait.ofguidetothedevoteewhoapproachedtherevered eirtecijse1d0'shrine of the Tne upper part oi the figure is, goddess.lBut more wonderful stUl, the American RevoluUon. Is car- when no man can work." And when that Siit ried w^rlSotols, oar century, that the brave youagafter to beLudtechiedre^doon."hnMiBa. te tato "o. "Jo It with might." His day; for the night ComethwoioH and his colonUts. Lavatbttb. or rather,putthe purest buncombe type-a Bombastic tirade whichbut subsequentlybywicUlff.'ifth.aend? b> throwing the iudlencserious lau|h--.aiidTae18*0. It is one week since we arrived in Naples.perorconstructed of variegated marbles, has been exposed to view, with the bare of one of tbe columns yet re-Inbronae. . . .^ ,Intothose were serious times and subjects.yetportico,beniiy, during the past "•^^U was oaMidared *atPhantom Horse-'-the horse is almost a pkantom la the piece, he appears so rarely—Is got up In the mostBesides there this,auguratedat Constantinople, by tha Britishso veiled clouds, that the smoke ha gets up, on his own source of traffic will bo found In its min- have been a member of Pilgrim Lodge I. O. O. F. the glganUe IVaskingion. As second (Iddler to La- hook, li quite lost to the sdinlring public. Evan at—From the little known of the Internal re-s siof brass, wita ihim. ThateBtttBttaawaaMtnneaas aaoxydlyt.fine balitt. M. MAcaioa Costs, at thisat tte corners above the entablature, tugothsrdcntsmora &«4n*>S7lnioeaBtaeCaalthasptoaaeakeepingnight,thegreatfierylava-spotuponiMBiaacB or bilioiocs imiolbbabcb.OaOtlse aa* Pntuum Okardkss, by Mr. O. W. Barvwa^efisct tliat thei^was talk •( a match at btlUaras somehas been often hidden by adsts Th» bay andsea have pot oa their "e^a,"UnetitledDoctentting taumasthose siven atnone could b^ to bis ph-en. owlnrand Herculaneum. Youin is still further parched by a stove which muit be had not succeeded, for the last always has the specUl wlirh is just tts^cciajle lor his State, and in keeping cannot dig a trench anywhere within a mile of the slst in imitations of flowers In gold, were t* be pob-bulled cities of privilege of being the best. The journals will carry with that uupretension insuch matters whicn belongs citadel withoutvants him from competing. Tne prizes, whtch oon-trialstneywltn of clsticguisbedits covering ui'th a morbidthirty yesrs, building purposes,the town-hall has been changed from white, red ani cerue rcie, beat, eager people pleitty of English. The American s)oop-oi-war Ihe of the "Jeui of Ton. their necks to the fullest extent to see over the hearts Academy Ploraai,"ot the soldiers, and all appeared to feel happy that .Uaccdon lies In the bay, with ths English frigate louir, has just terminated its examination of the Cfesar,green lo white, red and blue. AFreLchckroniqueurasksinhis paperIs there the firnt step uad been takeu under auspices which There is no other news of importance which I poetii:al and otherproductlons sent in to eompeta for in Europe a mortal so abandoned by the ^ods a.*; not promi:^d a favurabie fulililaient. has haveiuinv power to tell. In a day or two 1 shall Its prizes for the present year. Not fewer thaa 489;*•The King is suil here, and been very busy ' ware sent of all other places, it woald be most desirable and to have heard of the Grand Fancy Ball given by tneir f:om one another of the se;- start for tie north, and. In spite of the lovely cli- papers400where was foandlet disguised princes and princesses. Splendors, sur- his progress will continue to be, as it has t>een, pro- but some of them of remarkable interest Wltliln a dencies, between the place proieeted on the Boule-\with herrecant meeting of the Academy, as the scandal- loaded with the reeking stench sent up by the filthy less to this influence. The Empress herself, it seems, army, was to.^triumph in the great stroggle then im- published at Athens, may be read with pleasure by The ensaing publishing seaaen ia London prom-and at aconfident thatpending, Lsopolu II. expected to be brought back tohis throne, as in 1849, by twent>- or thirty thousand the readers of the Tnus Daring theGerman soldiers. Bis long-suffering people had only October, November and December, the arehseologlcal plellon of the Buckvnukam Papers li at last annoaaaad«and sweltering pavements and gutters, and the odorsis fond of this kind CR thing, and in the society to" months ofItesto be mora than ordinarily aetlva. Tke asmIn the close and crowded; let him think what It would be for himielf, nothing else to do than to amuse Itself, Her Majesty:exckvatloni In the Acropolis were prosacutad on the and as these two volumes vrill comprise the measln southern side' of the incloaure. Tols entira tide of thisandthepreceetng reign they vrlil. doaktlsa^ was uneovered, and everywhere appeared the upper be considered the most interesting of the series. AsDtinestie Memoirs of ths Rofoi Familf and aflks Bar-iioaically exclaiming, "Beally, I did not know with his wife and hit children, to live there, to be finds plenty of roonielors, and aiders and abettora, In Prince, and remember only that he was, and mightttaera were to many astronomers at Paris !" sick there, and to die there, " in that beattly degre. these attempts to make of the present a Court to be continue to be, an Italian Suveiei^. Tneyhumoly— the of scientific interest dation of itlnk ;" let him look upon the sick child o, remembered for Its brilliancy. for a prayed bim to abandon his friendslilp far, and depsn-lAaaong topics Fortunately ocnce upon Austrianow exeitiDg attention are the researches of Prof. the sick mother, tossing wllhtever and scorched with Court with such tendencies, good behavior has thus ity, form an alliance witn Piedmont, and embrace thecourses of the Clmonlan Wall. This wall Is built ofstones of tufa laid in six rows, so as to form a wall hv Folkestone WiUlaaii. The traveling llteralure ofof neutral-that ten thousand Innocent and helpless chil- the coats of aa American were tbe wonder, tbs ad- and abide the consequences. The issues of the war, the explanation of which recourse to "vital of air not less than the subsequent issues of peace, hare force " has hitherto been necessary. The Positive dren shall thus be slowly suffocated every year. miration, and the model of the aristocratic world of convinced him of the error of his decision. The vicis- And will we leave those children and th-.se people the town. 1 refer to th« late Col. TuoaN, of New- situdes of the past year have been many and i,erilousof a three-volume went Western Africa will be enriched by the Su> rwj'histhe fumes of a hot stove, and sickened by the odors far been the rule, and, as at present organized. It Is national cause. They asked him to give proofs of histisk Court forms the subjeetJamih, of the Parisian Scale Polytechniqtu, onthe eqnilibtiam and movement of fluids in porousbodies. The new results at which he hasarrived afford an explanation of the ascent people shall be left in their wretchedness ; that theyof the sap in vegetables—a phenomena fo shall still be poisoned with filth and stifled from want houses, the horses, the carriages, the table, and even his fortunes ana those of his dynasty with the enemy,five French metres In breadth. Theempty spaceand then let him come away and s»y,lf the have the heart, either by his words or his actions,The author of WM- descending eatltlsdof cookingby selfish arguments ornot probable that future historians will be obliged to occupy themselves with the scandals of the Court of Nafouob III.pattloilsoi and devotion to the welfare of^ the Italian people, by shsring their new hopes ef Independence and national existence, and stand by them In the newwithin the wall,andbetweenit andtheExperitnceofFramctscaValdti.and ruius fltuptr is again lo the field with a novel,;cold that these Indifference,were menaced. with Lxopoin,of various old edifices. Having m;ide a very .slight another new novel, from tbs practiced pen of aera-excava'lun here, 1 found a fragment of a bas-relief tator :" while Miss Meteyard is the authoress of aof ancient -Eglnetan wurirmanship, representiag t'oird, bearing the quaint name of ifsauteas's AMat-finally placed at the entrance of the Acropolis, ant seems, been fortunate. The National cause has pros-tha tt Isaa- ^is takingplaceples,—and deemed useless, but which we, in our lack of the Irind of musical artist saoashead— In wblch many imporovementa In administration have already wealth of ancient art.Bvery conceivablethey abounded, con- on. this seaaoa in Loadea. SR'and much can be done by private Individual One of the French theatres has just brought out,or associated eflbru. And If we felt upon this sub- with a great flourish of trumpets, a five-act drama been made. Providence seems to have speeially fa- sider extremely valuable." Next Mr. PrrrAxas tells bent spendingWhatever new advantages may yetand seated a whii-.a ii is to ses upon rock, ea.-yweek of suehTbe sides of old Tesuvlns have beenmen who are equalone of the modernbyplacedvrith much charred wood—proving that the building'^as In K) many otber cases, sadiy mutilated.great ''„Sl',5ijS'did £?-SS.r«h:airsst,ptlsoaseensaHaeeaat «x>Ubaaxp:cta<. AnAttaisliiii. Rafts.K^Sht. aaasahas vnaltarbeiafaai«qMlK4a^waanatllberlrto ^^S^*S^^E15ril^.j!**trandatdaatawKehfarKeifnlhh«19a,gattaTlMadf denllysevers"one. (Didyeaevergoaaywhen,dear isteroiKcueaUeaiasialsliutIjgt TM appOBaOM ef <Us aikHiarr in the line of anticipated expropriations for near lated ta undeoelva the credukns travelsr, whase Idea oreet la foimar Bndte the aehooU of alli^quet,aereral of iU thin tnbea might have been written by Jban Jacqo«8 Eous- teader mercies of Ckartvari, and the sid havoc the nlty. Bduotabtlhertehat suAmmeiarltoheaasagmeaetlamaa haearde wwhhaot andalua-Biaris/^aUr, ta fiad that aaaw falls ia as bctaa a ouaet tasnit Jo- tha-dahta «l-«aairtflMikTork princesand BsembenofEarllament. MALAKOFF. CENPSAIi ITAI.T.eoBiaveis,.t]ie bills of S» aad lOedrtie 67) hrepiiatad ia this ooanny.have JBSt beea latzodaead lata,di.e.taail*s^aa«MTCiGen. Faib, Americaa Hinlster at BruxellasI oavra, tkeor disbaad thea. have ehosen tha latterIP^Y.T., aad not maat with that faetriIhomespunbuttons.The monotony of the past weak has ast beaaaUentSva:ItaeU compared withciv, there Is really e remarkablespeech. The Goveramsnt has(WtTitornwrRayi^Vlalt—ATear•fFreedam. thority. ButIwreisstsgaatloBandsilence. Iwrota AaiBiLtioKIVIBBim'raBBTrevenw.Isseven additional steamers, loaaed irith soldiers, left;for Sicily day before yesterday, does nota( naliapiiy rnsnUi. tla laa>thatwhere the estimable saint dowagerbut the sister here io Naples is shubeen removed within the I istthehusband,and Uiaiblra.ige, ste.'nhaving been sold forNeuve-ges-Hatha- rlns. 2. The line of the two streets ta iseltte tha theatre, each filteen metres wide, and whlsh wlU laa April, I8J9, the sovereign of this P.ovlnce, ratner might ;et be discovered on the platform of the Acrop- along the sides of tke new building. 3. The dtriataalonged triumph.comparatively short time the Government has begun a iherough search for the relics of antiquity whichnew career ofthan c ncede to the reas mable wishes of the people,The Emperor,aye, and If possible, Just now, by a society anxious to dazzle the world against his own subjewcittsh, awshihceh fatloselcyhacsltaismes, btuhtemt.o of tbe General of Antlquldes, Mr. gards salabrtty. A drawing of the ftontata, wWehFeelingAustria,splendid Pjdtaexs,ofthe Studioustplan.asked thathe would that he was an Austrian forget;togive uppolicyroik, tha ancients filled with chipsofstone Grendmothrrt' Monry. Lord FUzvariru Is the "ttttoaihorses a chariot. Its execution, like tha: of kff-pfr.but the fact thataanssssrily saspsartsd. Thatalb^agreeUaivant^,persuaded byliowavar,vain and wicked amasemedtof the Two Sicilies and Jerusalem." It is her dolni without appendlog Us iignalare to athat all the Tenuses In the Muses Borbonica are locked up where no one ean see them; that one of the finest cabinets of coins in the world, and many of tlieaad he gavefront, bat it ap entirely. The ascetic old lady is the real " King examiaatian. Noi conld aay stadeot be re-adaitiedballet-dancers atWe have of course vlslte 1 Hercalaneum and Pom-When his pelL The excavations at the former place have, I will work without saastsla qiharlcal abefTa__—phenomenal besnty from beyond tbe Alps one of and handsome marbles which they conceal have that excavations are attended with danger to tbe in- aphragm o( a mlsroacope. Tbe laassotttsdAaaU;butto breatheR. W. R.of theThe old and well-known site of Athens con- of the Interior, was declared worthy of a prize, baitinues to offer as rich a field for exploration aa tnefreer out-eleglaa,reportall works of Archaic sculpture, Is stiff, sinewy andiiarsb. It resembles tbe oas-relief of Ceres thedral by the Duke of RamlUaa, "lumasaiBas,''"wbidow lately fitted up by the mnnificeaee efsome Important polntaIn the rest of the Peolnsula. Mtars, and other works .of sculpture and the •1st. Toourtbinklngthla wiadow, asaworfc af an> .equal Importanceby the ArchEeoIogical Society, on the site of the fam-P^'Jfi^o^^rStua.h»;'" ""J^MagnMSoas, MUaaethoB.—their name which the (xoveroment recently boughtfor the purpose. This structure was prob ,bly ruined.al'o, en to,nM,5Mtadto« t^fitagments of statues made of the!saUsfaetlaa to tte w hagreatwlUaowbedelivaieAdthferaohmUM, theyrhniairlr a row of Ihe inii«( siiiiuneiT fsslilaa. Ba^ pears ttat the SOB of tba Profossar a( PhaaaaiaMwtore was So serloas againpostponed. didtitsthat the order was now to thepenitence and dlsspprobatiaD of his eoadasb Aa- pastshorterpath.We read in the London Times that same wotk*yet it would teem aa though the business, actively of which tbsy broke before their aaton was aiaear- .Pcmpeli,whlchcomplete enoughfor186C,prosecuted, profitable jewelry, two oneKing,his BourbonOones, supposed to have been prsrionsly ia ths vaaaoL''';All the relics are in the care of the WorcesterTne pour little Queen pmes for h«r Geranhm horns ological Club, and various specnlaiioaf tiava I _of which is a bcaasef DoBiltlan, in good preservatlan, axd tosM SaaiaB^. ware. This discovery led to further researebaa, nhaf .tumulus, artificially raised at sand aad courts wl^n a zeii: for which tnelr family Is . The whole of this tumulus, caUsd Castle HIU, has39 poemF, 39 epistles. 4 addresses In verse, 9844 idyls, 9 eclogues. 24 ballads, 32 hymns, 31 soanats, ee fsoles and 4 addresses In prooe. The Acadoayvard des and the Rue Capudnss--"aad llaada- Hqss. Savooarola. Walda aada greater degree of aoelafaOity and harmsaysagi4' Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 