 r?*" - -itarved. From three-fbuiths' to four-Ofths offtkc^MmUttiscrnathiagabouthiminanymoie thet]i|ngapi)whichanancient ofthePha- injKeir despotdeciphering, mayhisconfirm,butcanaddand their own supernatural, have exhibited the least tendency to the mythical in any proper senseothers stm sold matches, tooth-pleks, or other small ailieles, or peddled ^vISs, otaagss aad flawen;athe_ ^of the word.others warsorgaa^grlnders, statnette-sellets,asih.—,! ..»»>-...A r~r'.firT'mriiiftfirrnS^tais aidtaoiocr. i'|t*athat though they worked hard, they were well fed. miraculous. There is the awe of the unknown, Hence, the difficulty Hoses experienced in arous- the vast unknown in nature, which science reveals,lics and 9ther foreign nations, binds the partiesss ssdatloa for thebut the visitors of theAs-Itohallrre all that he tells asata " first in hall at the comer of aad such of the of each;the earth.patriarch" "We are but of yesterday," says the We are but of yesterday," is still theated twobasis of conditions andtreaties equivalents.the firststntiaa for theand mat- furnishingof itknown, and this too in a time when traveling in do appear." Geology cannot bring him down from tions,Asia Minor, Assyria, Egypt, and even in Greece the remote past ; history only carries him up a few a great consumer of our products, asked terms for Arabs, wild and restless as an untamed colt, could not find lodgings thare, aad In Its piessaatiasasiaa^Z'lM« %*•^ > aTBniar CoU«w*, Ozfoid, s^runspeculatingadora-rA^MdH(-the silent chamberbMnftttfKTte aal^ «iai,witb-isforeigner, ignorant of the English tongue,were to80 much noise has of late been made young, thoughtful race; This is the simple Patri- ^hdr Botieeglypbics, that some, who get all their knowledge departure which seeks to worship " the creature," those who wsre otterly depeodeat aad helplessto heap Iha lais ia etaases Iiu moit ii dniitvte of one of i^mflOemitaU of eultdie, reiaided merely ashumorist cf Fish-street Hill, that itfrom reviews, have come to look HcaoDonrs uponas common-place, and to regard any mere refer- encetohimasshowingalackoferudition. But say what we will, in this old writer, together with" more(the creation,) than,"w^report of Mr.bitfl* of that lanraariMMbtttonr,some quiMingrecorded the number of quarts of porter and pipes of tobacco consumed y the bailden of the col-orBom. They are the firsttbersin theWhatCTsri tt anftarrant man. haTing no right toIequallyin happen Egyptinhieroglyphics are but mar-West, the Pantheism of the Eastmard^l9C(Jon of the actions or opinionsA. D., woaldwe subject.alloMBts awl.tbia,Honx and Huodohjs—way, more than two thousand years ago, thatdepartureprimsval thought ofIsaaaibookf^andrather, as the pre-V«It toIil-bead of poetry,Wo by BO means sajr that awhocannot readHkbozmtitSfrom thelucky and In dsapr aCtheir papsrs; aad sAOs hethat will enable the readerregardedsxsggsratloas,oppottaaily of aafiklHA^tUa eldIBftifRtilalidnf as well aa instrictiTe Hibod-ing lovedIwriter,We became wellsndaad sa boar of rellgtaos issfnietlsfti UatOTf.wiA the age in which he wrote.him our whola hearts.gaiUlaw, playfnl, qnalnt,"—we are in-we feel atof the desert. Then arosetheir minds the very articles here enumerated by Hekodotus as worthy of an inscription on thewasthe es-uniform forthe aad newri>ayj) give"Fr«^,deliciooslyknowledge,sarygrand occaaIoas,iBaDy of them Attheendofeaehmoafliflis "bak'tsone,great partamongtheir minds and hearts. At first, the effortpeople might seemed likely to prove a failure ; these little street Its previous efBdaaeyI has been with jostly chargedae Joafcaa, aolaw-|Ma(ea BtfB. aa teanaaatodto aa ia thekmrnMnu, mamlenayat)mMMlw<k^4it<^ andeot hooka.naaooedto do botto Buidikmji&a,^ !" poiition inThis," saysa kind of philosophizing, seeking in some ideal re-presentation of the physical to get a position above tuttooB, who neverand to understandmost favored nation.oenU to fbr payacq<iaintedhuman^tiaeoitoiieB, dreams, and especially in higher feelingernment de and de jureBo, too, uuudui ^g ijgitlie taiadeoeyprfakB^^miafl aimpls gaiingCity. Ths Houss of Bsftige was, ladeed, psrferaisg its baaefi-thethe other " the own, and he ia donbtless right. Areadingof the.EgyptianofUw, steaUag, wen oftheU thsft^ U thsy. very saaU amount^J tadai wdter 1»M had, more pwaetviuaa one of the beat'1' i «»diM"i too, aa the pooraat trana- waysandmunificence.regard forth hisTheir national life is one stupendous miracle of Divine power,but of the Paotheistic,the—iH^laliaifaUMofsoehawritermuateverbe. Theprea..»raoh weald stampespeciallypridehimaelf. Own-tmth andarebarlan whtAhasooUdrepamMMaiidice,humaajvoiesless cata- which may deseribed as om of>_:<S'r-^j^v--, •-(j.^^t'-i -- -^H^ ycp-gottthe monument." CoL Mubi makes himself merrymore impressive, too, from the fact that he is. —the (Jod for the most part unseen, believed half-orphaa Asyloms gamerad ap those who were de- Anerafiwah$4hihe thinks it with this ";much as if someyet asa deddedir pepqlar laalttBll»of tham, no man can bepM of thaae Ii the Bible. He Monument, and should receive for answer from»lB(lgessk the meaning of the inscripUon on the Londontlwi Uw spWt ofMghteenth century,Uahbtbo, on thehave, substantisUy, all the learningthe common mind. Hence the Polytheism of thewho Uvedapoo theether hosie, sight orin the eye of the forUrlaiwi«'(Mt fcW'»^ and lidned- temples.the anspoken, of the unvafMn, like that which the^^to thiaugli mo<iem Mess,mind.,veryall,parent's ;ears,broaght uadsr was ealtjr"to argae that what would be unlikely to take place the few remaining fragments of BxBOsirs andfortheyssr IMS-O, that thsia vrsrs asarty 1«,0Mumn.in London in thetheprofounder BAvrLimoir, "iaofthoagb at a wide djs- the eighteentlv century B. C. He suggests avast ginal scholia, more obscure often than the text.streets, maayhavtas,unlikely tohave beendifference between thoae primitive times and onrThe HnpDOTCS had the firstlittle reflec- tion mast conviaee any one that the old .Oriental servitude was a very dUTerent tiling from oar mod- emcommercial^avary. Goodandabundantbetween. Of allnone are so directly opposed to ail natuik worship, ishing. Some of them galn«l a ptecathras sabsist- This was dosebrosghta^ing all, aa well a« roling all, he wouldthis power politicallargesellers ;or venders of Bohamlaa aad Dresdaa ware.ofsettingthe ancientknowledge anciently gleaned stances,andnotcleareraidsof—Polytheistic, the cloudy ideal a;«4(.dDiAllMylKaII raapects, tbebeet. The a«- the greatness and costliness of the work. Hiboi>- sive the lesson they teach us ! It is not obtrusive, of the world's earliest history.Many of them slept la anas, boxes, old -wagoas, orthe great pains taken bj r, tke loDf time he has been ea- w«k. the rich introdaction, the IwpllllBribft a>>—J aod the man extended dis-like the miracle of the sense, or the outward su-pernatural, yet taking a still deeper hold upon the reflecting mind. We may understand ttiis, when ws remember that there are two claases of won-IandehaiedUmbs,iBtheWInter,aBdlBSnmhierUld betterohttedthanawbeisiahiMfrUna.tm|l||p^;ifaiBThe Treaty aat la Oanfllet with the Becl>themreading, tM iielshHshed a nsdbH-Js^^Beaii^,orca Bdgfat be defended by other examples from the Uatory of those early days } but there comes to us one which ought to be peculiarly satisfac- tory. It is a testimony bpm the camp in the Wil- demess. JoexPHVS tells us that in the ofia a word, theT. L. heat would Impart some warmth to their faslfdad ter clothing, aad aaay of ths Uttis :daysbofllt^'-especiallT hi that coim^ctioo with the in building pyramids. Everything concurs to show as we may call them, in distinction from the senseders, nMknaonthemainpoints^ftheHerodotean thebondsge,thechildrenofIsraelwereemployed Therearewondersforthereason soul-wonders'malatabied. sad now afixds a '*^ ThereciprocityClauseinoartreatieswith them,fromtheirscantygainswiththsaieaasofia- oftheothersirset-beysasweOastheBsa^ toxieaUoa. eveniag school U kapt ap, sad Is oseMia 1But thare is'another aspect ot thepiMfofwhichwentsdas,cones from the blank the tablet,be?5?«JJ?SS BODOIUB tells us on asking the meaning of an the evidence it furnishes of the Istenass of human the thooght of Him who made it—aHanr Bi]rai>M>>K. C. B., tadUoa*. JfewrYork:.M>aii««BlMd- *e.,conmu&edbythepositive proof silently,yetmyths tion of the one Greatin God,unassociated,asyet,judge ofla andep^ithkgamay also iisiirffariaf.iii oar views of history. that,coaib,In theparttaa-tfels,ieba^Inacfiptlon on one of the Pyramids," of onions, leeka- edthat itrecordedthequantitycent work for the juvsnlle dsUnquents ; Orphan aad wasaalwlftaat ahe was inform-Theperiod which vagraat and hOBSUas ehUdtea of theatantsBL1.basacMoflksirai MttUMfaAMtfaMhna^^^history. of this.Scriptures give us the In HanoDOTCB it comes outhad no room forlagly dIslaslaM laqntrsfthem to a true sense of their condition. They although some of the most zealous votaries of generallyfooting"^^ ml"membered their pampered servitudePoor,opportunityofthorough Investiga-It;thsy have a ftss'There is race, the utterwere it not for they thought of them amid the starving hardslups the revelation we so inadequately value. There isthe flesh pots of Egypt ;" they well re-; its toils were profound unknown of theforgotten in it» indnlgences,the same favors the other party on similar terms.be claimed Since thesetada of the evU.The first effort made to reach these neglected chil-drea, which has come to onrtablishment of a Boys' Meeting, by members of the Carmine-street Presbrterlan Church and others, laIS48,large pIgeoB-hals, with a door wfeU lactam i"Eoattaln that ha himself hoosstljr believes all fish that we did eat in Egypt, the cucumbers and centuries are but as " a day when it is past, and a*tad that, in eitlier aspect, no bias, IwnBgioas, would lead him consciously toSchools, or churches. Rough as they were, they as apprentices In some good or trade,,"the orto swerve ivader,po-fromand<;We remember theutterance of the thoughtful spirit ;the interveningClulstapher savings boy as hsmonument of their labors.'niatsa to as aa credible ; that he gives ns the melons, and the Uekt and the mions, and the a watch in the night." How brief a time has manwas the -Canadian, during the Administration of Hudson streets, and sutMsequsntly In Amos-street. for clothing or other <t)^'ean find, even when he expresses his— garlic, but now our soul is dried away." ^Numb.beenhere wemeanhistorical man. There ;of Gen. PiKBCK. The second b the Mexican, Those who entered Apon this eatetprlse had found credit ta the Slxpauqr Savls^ Baak.now wailing ratification by the Senate. The that thete Ill-clad, unwashed, unkempt children after having aceomalated a siub «tf|r|^| |g^ .knowinglyment, of the same ancient picture coming down tosome unknown, unkaowing rudiment of humanitytreatywere unwilling to go among those who were betterestablish a litUsikopoDthtlrandespecially aa darknessthat rests itsupon origin,granted byonepartyto nation conditions that they did not complately represent the magal- The boys have each any uponscience are so little affected by it.thebefore the startling thought of our short residence uponmay ii:S. It is a segment, but an exactly-fitting seg- be, to certain minds, a pleasure in the fancy ofeould not be drawn Into of the anyexisting Ssbbaththemettharflad a sttaaOon';ide«%#iJMia^iNtiaicIt is^e teaitimM^ (^ {ADosoptted fcnn; butthtrua I&r as|_. „iU laborers in the erection of most convincingly in its negative aspect,—all the with any other, uneonfounded asliftlebut scanty duplicates, age-wora and defaced, ofto,generalas well as two measures of the credible-B follaws thatpyramid. It is wonder, called out by the great facts of nature andef ths bsMvelaet MP jWaakogic tUlMtA ef Nsw-York docs JBlf ssaa W havelariy eaUad to ths ebadltlon or tke n^tMted, wllkour of a great authority in respect to the elder occasionally manifestiiighimselfto the wants ofthe privedafterworld.about CHaMPOLt.iON, and BoRsnr, and the hiero- archal religion. Myths are the beginniag of that Hime for the Frieadlaa, took oharga of maay ofaccuracy. They under better circum-—lb Ike EUttr tftk* Ifett-Vtrk Tima: aompelled, bytheirmiles, a humanitynations barbarous and un- has been but a short time among ' the things that metals, would not compete .with our produc-pressat hi shsiga of Mr. O.the Soeialr's Ttsttors, aad oadarUaMlilhriiiltmtltfiotaaaduit thoo^t for tiie other.LIBAjw tmtfa, it is shown that herein consists made a voyage willingly." The military spirit or pears. adjusted by us lor both countries on the reciproci- the aid of the Police to preserve order, bat at length Newsboys' LodglBg-tease, aspaelht -l» aavaatab' tab ths vet7 tmthfolness of bis history. commercial gain were the usual stimulants to so We start upon the broad familiar shores of mod- ty principle. The Mexican Government, (the the childien began to fscl that tt was a shame to of qaistaassaaagoodbAavjsri Irys wto uwat >attl the Ftardan ever was one ot faith in hazardous an undertaking. With Hibooottts it em history. As we vpyage up, narrower and nar- JcXRiz,) desiring the prestige and moral force of treat with rudecess snd vlolsnss thoes who saly liitfrrat nf rnrrtrl iijiiiiliMal ha sstegt^astaB^was that which mast ever command rower flows the stream, darker and darker grow ourrecognitionof their Government, as the Gov- sought to do them good, and In their rough way they 8nnday-seho(d superlaleadaals to paiada be^Si^M^of Mexico, and in- became civil and comparatively quiet. ors, will bo grisveosly dlssnwhtfsd'; bat ke ahi A' The succeeding year a second " Boys' Meeting " dloeen, nnder a roiqh sad i«-*-y- hiaat igm'~"HoMMns the more truthful writer in the best those of the former. It was the same csreful such a strong, rapid-moving, pyramid-baildingiaaaae «f ths word. That is, he was a more truth- spirit that led him to examine the inscriptions on empire-founding humanity as comes to light on the land States, to sustain for a long time the present into both, but la several quarters of the City they from an Impending life of shaase, aad, la ttik'aawfuliefiestutattve of the mind of his age, and, there. the |tripodsone with the other, as the bast isted long before, abd yet have left no track in diately bring the two countries, through whose hearts pained by their condition, feltIIhosaes, grew up to unsullied womaahaod. 'The boys' meethiga hsd iaeisaaed ta aa^bsr% ^'as a more truthfulthe rtatoof Greece in that exciting seoni-heroic pe-comparemeans of checking, at least, the popular stories, and reducing them to some kind of chronologicalfatt, tetiiaDy givesliod oT tlw Persian wars, than ever could have 'ofsteam intothat ssmetliingmore must bedone for them, orthe moreeal, and, as far as statistical detail is concerned,necessity to tbem as to thebeoiclven byaccuracy.voyage to Tyre for no other purpose but to get atjaela Qiem, may givethe skeleton ofliistory;maytbislonelytary, and J. E. Wuliucs, Esq., of theBank, as Treasurer, commenced operations. A work- shop for pegging shoes was opened, and as many ofTO THE OOtWrRT.The operations of the Society ta laeatlag chBAskskeptical,ij;specialannumwilltoonofthesemeetingswerefn exlstenoe,wHhsa'(nemutit,orspecolProvidences,maybefalseas'templeofHerculesinthatplace. Hehadbeenergan-grinders, statuette sellers and rag-pieksaof Aeaigfateentb.^d Herodotean stories were in the mind ofGreece. Oraclea and Nemeses formed an insepar- able part of ita thinking ; the barest outward facts toak«diiectionfromthem and,badHkbodotusown habit of thought, or according to its ownfancy of that idea in wluch coi^siated the mystery of the world's redemption.The great merit of Hibodotcs early excited asober minds. They stand here in such strikingcontrast to those hollow, pretentions chronologies to which the anti-biblical critic is so unnaturally inclined to give the preference. The Bible starts with the very seal of tmth upon its titleHake all allowance for unimportant variances take the Septuagint, or the more modest, and, therefore, the more trastworthy Hebrew Numbers' and it is just as we might i priori expect to find it. Few are the centuries of man's existence before thattimewhenhebeginstoknowhimself,andto make liimself known upon the earth. The Scripturewas.for her goods on the terms granted to Mexico. Our by volunteer teachers, mosUy from the wealthier the history of the Society. ThS iaaacial prsaaMa Government replies that Mexico had clasces, who, with a zeal, earnestness and persever which occurred la ttis Aataam a( that jraar titfpictureof and to j|postal arrangements,theclosestextent,Honest labor and removal from evil andfilae ss explanations of facts, and<i» witsii not merely into the spirit of such a time,hat faUi the very outward &cts themselves. They ing this old temple at Tyre, he discovers on the ingdefng It. It was so ia this case. The opportunity offKta,ve qntiie different facts from what they would have bSMwithout such subjective influences controU-j^rimjr objectiveposition. He,templebySenators should lookit as imposedbeing Chairman, Rev. c versant with European reformatory effort, as Secre-perous,regular attendancehavingtoyet theyHouse ofS)i to 6 o'clock P. M., and was attended by tnm neanaationB, but that which is the real history—what time thrown away on an unimportant question-rests of theBut it is said the treaty conflicts with the recip-jealousy paMessedtbeakepticalspiritofTbcotdidxb,itis thoughmodemcriticshavebsendisposed,moreteMBhttaig certain that it would have made hisntaryand other considerations;9theras one for the sad boys,)iaaldi^taiIh^iiyit"r to live in thememory o^anysucceed-^fiwe not to impose on ourselves<suceeedlcg efforts of those ondsr whoss shaqK fl^wers atteaipling to lead a new aad better ilts.came. The Children's Aid Soelsty, thsrs Is'"^ tb* leality of eachranks him ia theyoiu empireThe grandeur, con- " " to was more some sf lbs. aaliM of so mighty a atnictuieproperand, acting upon it, they liave just son- eluded a reciprocity free trade on the basisP""^^'^ - Ohio r'^,.iIinany equivalents money;or more trutliful, even aa aof^Mt&steadofmerelyparingoffexcrescences, acquiredbyOtuias,aGreekwriter,whogiveslasrsaafav. leai a fh» Its fifth report, that MS pento our historian was the falae aaJAftoiWea^kinfemiciit havecat into the very us an account of the Assyrian empire. As phy-Ws thegrants,Vvearerightfullyinpossessionofthe removedftomtheassociatloiubywhichtbeywere darlagtheyearprovided-withpUcas,sfMttf|r]|ptter,history injuriousreputationIt was still felt that unless these children coald besame the ba«sof withinthe surrounded,—thesqualoraadfilth,obscsnltyandblas- wereadults,prhtelpallysswlagaadtrsdasgUi^Itf^A. tt would have thrown out much of themtrelaai,whichwecanseparate for ourselves bat, to all ptobabillty, would have left out still more of that which Is most important, as well as tine, and whose place could never have been sup-There ia a sense in which even be- plied. mythscrie hiitocy ; they enter into the thoughts of sue-cefdinc MM) they become tpiritwU verititt,nai t be overlooked without making history insician to Aktaxibxis Uhxhov, he. resided anumberofyearsatthePersian court. Thisgave account,byita very opposition to theseboastfulof the commercial treaties.prorision of all our<phemy, and that utter disregard of the decencies Of 32S of Uie whole numberwsn ssatto thaWaii,!;wemaySmuuxis and BiJtDASAFALCB.However,dred millions sterling per annum? That wouldtiieir changed dreumstanses gave evidence that they;where the abject poor do mostly congregate—there was but litUe ho|^ of their growlAr up virtuous and pure m character. Homes must be^ibund for them inOther socleUee, some of them tsafsavtasd'ta-'Via''At another time he makes awere as much agirls, to whom Mr. Pxass acted thecorrupting other parts of the City. At theiseot^i ta bsglBniac of in^ taathe more criti-the more correct Thvctdidcs. Dreams, oracles, the truth of some reports concerning a famous revelation sets him forth, and earliest history findsinfluences,him. Let those who will believe in a series of Chal- puzzled by the separate traditions of two Hercules, dean monarchs or Hindoo demi-gods, runningquadmpled. yearexists, there Is usually combined with ft a fertile in-aa he had found them in the East. White examia- upto multiples so exceed- empty vastlyalt the centuries that fall below the placeofe for calculation.\ first necessity. For this purpose those most active la to 80walls a reference to the Thasiau Hercules, and so this indefatigable archaeologist takes ship to the; let those who will believe with Buhsex, that there couldAnot be lostwith suchisland of Thasos, where he finds asingleperpendicular i line on its solitairIts numbenbuilta Phoenician colony five generations earlier than he the first mention of the Grecian Hercules, the be very sharp, too, in defining the outward son of Amphitrions. Bawlibsoh thinks this wasform and relativeIhanface, who in scornful skepticism utterly re-laansssdbegun in Greece or Italyaeh hinda, becomee all a falsehood or a blank. amongst the problems of antiquity than all the rest of the world an unknown politicalwhat is felt, what is believed, what, We must, however, differ from him here.greaUf Inereased dsrIagAs aad 63 adalts karlag bssaths »«<-iais short, ia the mind or spirit of the age this, in ThereiJumght,—800 chUdreawith plsees, nearly all ef them iainterestVJhvtee-nMt of this higher or substantial verity, this n^versat myth of Hercules. The IhBt'SaaaBiaiy BcsxBius," or the critical OiB- name is ks clearly Pbcsoician, or Shemitic, as WOtn- KlhieDt answers will be given to such a Kadmut or Europa. It denotes the traveler oriiaaitieB from different positions, uid yet there can heU»donbtabontthematterinanytrulythoughtfultcanderer, (the article combined with the Hebrew radicalsBKL,) andalthoughPhoenicianusegave it too much of a commercial sense, even as thegive overlapping'mfiid. Intheoaewehavemuchotitwardfalsehoodm the other there is throughout one monstrous Ue^ Javanic thinking clothed it with too much of theIndustrialwhere they might be instructed la books half the day)—Cslae in its core,A chiliad, or so, is all that reason as well as revelation can allow. It is this modestclaim of made antiquitytrade the othertimes with two meals a day, and olothed with the States,garments whieb they themselves assisted In nuking.falsefalse from being given to us in the form of facts,initsposition,every-Pyrarnidt,all thedoubtless where that same traditio 1 of the World-Deliverermorewarlike or hero is it idea, yettaught sewinglighthalf,;Schoqlsgirls—partial yet indisputable lying maytbixA cautmy, exhibiting the most malignant spirit which afterwards each nation dressed up in Itsthe that Scripturesties.objections,however,arefacts we call than, becaoae while presenting the face of thewhich belongedthe conunonstock ofbyshould have commended their tmthfulness to all> :. Wtransits across her territories that'welieeded for required no -^dinary amount of pattenee, courageintemStiorul intercourse ; that these transits and and fortit«de.\<rwO of these schools were estab- upon Its Ubersllty, both ta tht Lis no matter of .theboysas could be toduced to workemployedIs It.torevelation before the dispersion of mankind, andIowa aad Wiscoasia.ofhiminthemindsofancient al- writers,page- ;the exchange of her products for ours on the re- ocity principle were 'offered to us for valuablethat weac- cepted the terms and received the grants for ourlished the fir6tYte::^ne in Roosevelt-street, after- wards removed to Ollve^ and subeeqneattr to Cherry-sapptytagof its ladosttlal sshools sad I rtilglsg fciasss. CM II Mthis time, aad has still, a gills' hidilaiand more, to do him justice. Amoag other causesWest ehUdren and irershim credit, although it is seen now that his posi-claims to antiquity which have so tempted other nations, shows itself to have been made under jiwisdom,Theotherlights,sofar astheywerereallights,have all become extinct. Egypt and Ninevehlong survived the rest, but they, too, have at lastgone out. The Bible history runs on for a brief, Willtion in this Oriental proudwas a onlyNow your Government proposes to flood our country with your manufactures under the Reci-season, sent of oompanlesehlMlsa hai XuiaO'—monarchytemptation to try the most lying experiments onthan mere human anysane States. The motives wbkh1the of his former wondering credulityprocityannihilate our revenue and our iadustrial pursuits.where they might obtala ea^yateat, wars aaHl'countrymen. In all the characteristics of tmthfulness he is thedressed to clergymen, respectable farmers, mannfac-tniera and mechanics in the neighboring States, solic-iting applications from them for boys and girls to beemployed on farms. In work-shops and manufactoriesia the country. Responses were received offering the oompanles ; but the event proved thai is a vasf' employment for SOO cUldren, and 307 were sent to considerable number of cases, (a small portisa tttvery opposite of Hibobotus, and yet he carriedequiv- you impor- to us ? No-sulScient, were taken to to prsvant fliaes of visins and disreputable character from bdag aaroBsd ttthe agea with him. It is from the fragments that esses a worthless bUnk, or a waste of remain of Crasi^B that we get the stories thatalents for tant transitsthat arericsgreaterdegree;thaneither era- DOTV8,tosomeof the earlioat Christian fathers, wonderchalleoging, style "deeperrocitythat itsthe unnatural antique TheKhooIofKinuHBhave fromwhomhederivedastillfurtherindorsement oftheothers,leavenogroundfordonbt. IfHo-tobarbarism,andconsigntoextinctionthelastthemselves,'governedbycertainsimplelaws,most surewhichdidnotjnsUybelongtoit.primitivenols,Tbe year 1857usbeta, having nothing to quicken the used to figure ia our school boolta about th% space all alone. We must follow this or none. other nations? We do nottheaggressions ofSuch a long burial in th6 unknown might be conceived ef man postsval, obsolete, time-wom,' the modem savage, who has been sinking ever since the fall, but not of man primaeval, such asresults had led edwltbtheSociety,toestablish sfallsrtime.would to afearful swell,army of crime.otherpanaw,asteea^at-where history has its twilight beginningaggregatesum will be tooh\jfchildren, mostly wereteughtbya!rofItallaa Urth sr dssaaatsuchEgyptian dynasties runningawhilst utter darkness rests on all besidebeen sges,obelisk in the waste of time, l^h thou- sand years and more in Egypt, and yet no history— !incredible. The thinking, we are convinced, will mand from Englandhave ofof lengthten thousand years of unbroken monarchy, of king succeeding king, within the oouatry, werean historical silence !—it is blank, uninterrupted113 ern and Middle States. Its gross reeelpts wsta boysfind it easier, in the end, to believe in Hoses thanA rtiiii ».our revenues and our immense ces the shop did not pay its way, but fell In debt the tablUhed In BrooUya throagh the sftstssd ^H*^No forced computation monuments can make it eitherThe human race is not muck older than thgthe preeeding year.the visiters sf the New-Toik*"Titsls^wM^as'credence to this.tooftruthful or consistent.guidance highereither of ancient or of modem times.clause of the treaty of 1815. and thereby the country. To this, circalars were ad- efforts to ramors adalts to a dtstaaes finer accomplishthaOHr,should be icith the Creator."rendered,G. W. Hunu, Chief of PoUce ehlldrca in the City not reached by any of those lasU-attaaded the PobUe Schoals, butsvtdaaf^2»«^*;l•l««d^sad ptofaaa language, -whlApie of their eoavassatiga,fbe lodging-honas. Mr. Taaer attMdod topositioni:25, attempts ataGod so strongly perduring in the Shemitic mindmonumentawhen they stoodthe living intei^reter. He has given us all thechoicen^tsoftheirinlormation. Theobscured HenceIsitUiatofallnations,ancientandmodem, beggiagbaisMraasptay, tobearafaathsm the hmpst-fad mn^ abrightlyout to the familiareyeofi otherssweptthe•k,batbeanreljtoanIgnorantperson feediniforIlialaboringmtjeet*waMjaatoneof remaUtthatarettowcostingsoroachlabor theJews,thoughhavingtlieir ownnurveloas sA-bons.gatheredEscs,haasssmdleFosepiper spsrfaiasiaAsIsp,4alr«MMil%«ifeanorwritings, eariyin every form of the idea, aa the books of Moses.laylate,entirely food or fuel tointerpretation.eeoaomy had no better statistics by which to show Such are the sources of history. How impres- mythical, we find no trace on these conservators OD the pavement over the prlattag vaalts, whers be mulated. Mostof the moosyTBB HBXICAN TBEATT. athem down upon the beaches or graw of ths Park. All were miserably clad, aad many of them half-cheek their ttMtecy to gankgag.lIcTaift wji dnead the gaais of di«aghts,aadasssaBasrttsbsB»and rela- tions. Our lost trade vrill be restored, and ourthefacilitiesnavigationtheythe theirgoodTexas,Arizona,acquiring a livelihood by honest toll was felt to be a the Boys' Meetings having organized themselves, latreaty fraught to theshould\ country through partisan feel-TheySociety," and Cxaaiu. Tt-"!!!!!eountcyiaaaofihsfe-money and our power uponand' thatformeaningreciprocitylife,whichmarkssomanyofthehugetenementhouses lytoMichigan,Indiana,nuaaisaadiBwa.''ofAdd to this the value fromyet viiith nature',—each, in its ownof themday. They were aot crimlhals"alongaad were thsRaadaU'sIslandNorsary,and«M thenIntobut very few -who were aot atartlsd, when toldlees fatthoanatural parents, to supplyPrussia, France, England, the Haaseatic Bepub- The statistics of Mr. Maniu's report were at irst tharudimsois of sdnestioa ta ahUdraa ttktiorand for anl-aednlitr. 'With great ability, however, to the saying that " no man took a journey or soon~iost, every trace of him soon utterly disap- commodities, the rates of duty on the latter to be tion ; many times It was found neoessaiy to call in formerly led fiiam astray. M» arks' ritftsMli*'super-Proper, was a matter ofgreat difficulty, giving rise centuriessought in either direction, every cine isthe transits inperpetuity,exchange of be kept still, or brought Into'a condition of subordina- tiactsd away firoa Oe r*THtliTns t^oaasss l3Sfor him our respect, and secure our confidence. the forest shades upon its banks. We reach the pervad- B was the pure love of knowledge, prompting to head of navigation and find ourselves in a dense afterwards, sacrifices which would be regarded as remarkable wUdemess. From the deposits brought down by a^gCMainent in the Greek drama. WithHutooo- even in our own age ; at that time they were truly the silent floods we seek to gain some little farthernM waa a master ieeling. To showtiiis doc- astonishing—00 less marvelous, in fact, than some knowledge of the unexplored regions above ; andfactofluenced as much by this as by peeuniary con- was establlshsd in Wooater-street, through the un. couth demeanor, the liliiis nf frsakasss.I Aoctriiu of a divine Nemeaia adiflvwhale'eovlofGreece. Weseeit,the transits and the»'*^—1idaeb^M world seems to have been a leading of the more special wonders he records.and from them we find that theval fountain cannot be far off. But origin itself, ourfour milliona should be applied by us in liquida- tion of the claims of (mr citizens against Mexico.something more for them. They came with tolerablewealth and luxury, aad ofTccod evcty sdvt^aga tfwork. NowO^ninUmti^lijldi a tendency may have led him, uncon-;prime-baoaly,togiveawrongdirectumtocertainfacts, Theproofofthisoccursrepeatedlyinbishistory, origin,isnecessarilyafacttranscending.We Ifratified,thistreatywillbeofmoreImpor- werespeedilyeffacedamidtheprofanityandobsceni- Indeserthlogthusfollyfliehonesection of thegreatit isquitepassionfor themarvelous,indeed, to the Boys' Meetings, bat good Impressions which might have l>een made there,edacaUon, does not play Usas soma of these poor newsboys.la IkswatUsavril'evidentHibodotcs had ahotlis could not rest in any supposed delusion.ethnology,tance toiwjwhiaii Ihii strongest internal evidence that, pression of iiis determined truthfulness. There is vealed to us from a plane of knowledge higher than commercial treaty that our Government has ever homes, If such places as they dwelt In coold be called torleal narrative of the oCbar operatic of Ihs •-'iteat1*^waiptheir verytruth;though there is and in such a way as to produce an irresistible im- cannot know whence we came, unless itis re-everycountrythanany ty ef their associates and the wretchedness of their Uttle news-veadeis, -we havs digrsasod IhiawMatta objeetive truth demands it, the authorcM tatioBa rise above all such subjective inilu-aacea. Batthereis a higher viewtobetaken of Memphis, hemakes journeystospecialB may aeem a paradoxlaiMni' sense of the reader must agree with the purpose of seeing whether the monuments and poletlSa.I—ofhumanexistence foritisimpossiblethatingeign paientags. Maaya characteristic specimen. Book II. ch. 3. Not con- tint with ths information given by the priests oftoaaitlaK in the position that all this rendered interpretations of those places would agree with such a humanity aa the earliest accounta reveal, cotton, textiles, shop:'raceived,anbseqneati«isllsa laHeliopolisat hand, they could not easily be restrained from fall-into vice.The Juvenile Asylum and the Fire Points House ofIto nlace each other on theof the In some of those treaties there is a further stipulation that if favors aremay treaties were made our Government hasby negoti-equivalents,important reciprocityupon TheopsMLiMexican is not only based upon condition*but is a compoundfairly,la ttaequivalents, unique character.of a Onr Government desiring thethat had existed millions of years before, but whatwhichthetrackoftheGreekhistoriannever wouldsuchacreaturebetous? Manproper,mantransitsacrosstheIsthmus,andthrough*Sonora wastoestablishmeetingaforth«maloae,aadbymeans oftiu^Lodging'house,totakeehaigsailtns tkrongfa;the ages, but by a widely separate way,clad than they, and the only way of reaehUig themyears since, Mr. Taicx lesigaed the 8athat ^Ih which he so religiously regards as the crossed. historical, the the to the Gulf of California, and seeing at the same of familiar conversation aad Isoturiag, by singing partiiuntoftheworfcafths Soeletv. t^ V recsrd-keaping, tradition-gather-! hlatoiical writing. It is a book for the The fidelity of HnODOtus is attested by the fact ing man, knowing himself and knowing his race— time that the exports of Mexico, consisting main- pleasant and lively songs of a religlaus aad moral companies <rfeUUreafo thaWsst-slaee^SMMiianDaa the phSosopfaer; fall of the most 'of his extensive travela. Fifteen thousand man with the first idea of —such a man ly of dye-stuffs, Odes, cocoa, and the precious character, by plcturst, maps, illustratlona, and ky an- hashad, we belisre, three °nr mislssstilhli T^uiwhile with 9,000,000 ofshe beproveto wwkFourthousandyears—thereis midnight over all SouthernandWesternStates,withoutfearofcom- prompters to evU—hunger and idleneas-eonstastly thesupervlalonoftheSociety. Thatathe inductive.Three thousand years—^how dsrk it growsnegotiated. By an/ outlet is secured for the liomes. it,Manywillingrice, cotton, tobacco, wheat and , at first, and yet the (the Scriptural On) and to Thebes, for the sole the earth. We are somewhere not far from the petition!four,others were pisesd aaJte Sehoris aaa> warn sf im"of the from other countries, and a sufficient out-aad twolet for the manufactures of leather, iron, manufactures andIthsss, osdsr the Issliaiituralfrom the Middle andAsk- New-Eng- these wayward and neglected children were gathered teaehen and ths offioen of the Soelsty, wars saVMimplements,and medalain the Oracular temples, Assyrian and Egyptian monuments, could have ex- valaes of these commodities. It will imme- still swarmed in crowds, and the fslthfol workers, werehempIncreased tobered 6M girls, ot whom fall Ibar-tflhspaper,eedetes aad simple instraction, to endeavor to Im-OX^aasa, Ams^^MW antUmtSSmtoffered tochange of commodities, aa proposed, for $4,000,000. knowledge that vras there acquired of the habits aad some recklessness sad swsggsr, saa aeeasM^Nlr a The terms were accepted, and the treaty nego- needs of these poor children, stimulated those whs little saadness, vrlll eeaetade, after saralU ataac*^ex- wearied eSbrs of Mrs. Gxoaos B. Caaivaa, aad the tnd^Mndeocs andao, when history fails, we resort to language and tiated, our Government stipulating that two of the had bscome Interested la their coadttioB to try to do don, that many a boy tnooght ap to Ihs psSMsilSKtf'siderations,grant"-la-it. oea/regularity,anypartof them who wereeould fiad no work to do, aad with the two greattion thereagricul- Industry were started abont this time, and some of Christian famlHes through the sxsrtlaas of$5,000,000 perof the Isthmus transit to the Atlantic and UMspresent exportsbetoPacific States, and the transit through Senora to vention, which readily fiads the way and means of the City, In a room kindly famished by ths Hrsof anyear aigel of mercy. Where the disposition to do good year an Italian School was established for thsthe Gull^ as an outlet for the entire productions Western New-Mexico and and theupon whom the Constitution hasI,. MsaonImowa as a brUIiant writar aad oon-ing.npousponsibility of ratifytog or rejecting, as ths inte-and our other countries, may reqtiire.clause of our commercial treaties ratification would ssrtainly be followed by a de-Metropolitancountry,treaty obligationstoHow will you compensate us in the way ^and ' phllanthrophic, and preeantloas, suppsssd tabaTiui«*"*2" Otf dii*Ba» State t ipreading capital, that passed him dow|i to the whole aeries of eccle- ses copied from Persian or Hindoo myths, then we chance to demonstrate that man is capable of self- rigorously executed, but owing Uttlsallegiaass to say sent oat by aU the •octettes dldmuoh '*««"'TM"5-_^government. You must therefor9,be content to other code, avll or moral, Very few dfthsm had adnlls,aad but a oompsiaUvsly soisll perosatsgaai.. luilg laf iliuTt wlthont a shaft Thay siastical writers. They take him as the chief au- have a fact aa curious as it is unexampled. In- send your exports to us subject to the imposts of any homes, their lodgfng-places bsiag iB.ths streets, them havs giv«i oeesstaa fbr '•P"*^.^L It. Ihti ImliMllill tn mikr Rnrnn what thority, although they each found it difficult to stead of growing upon ths original, the later le- onr laws fhr the admission of similar goods fromIt VtlaifVBiia waa. Thaie aaHt have beeo a heroic make any fair reconciliation between his extrava- gend divests it of all its swelling disproportions yadoAfKcBAaaMaptae'; tkara aiaat have been gant accounts and the modest chronology of the instead of gotog beyond it in all the known char- tbatMivdoa^ if Ml tl» i«peim>tar«], in tha fban- Scriptures, with which Hibodotus so much better acteristics of the mythical style, the lower or more80 is it with agrees. Modern research has tendered to weaken barbarian Jew, as some would style him, comes This ia theCiaeee. The age of Puiou> could not have more and more the credit of this courtly romancer, back to the unique grandeur of ths idea, 1^ chaste- procity clause. England and France ao view"bean what it was, had not the Persian wars pre- until, aa our author aays, the coup dt grace has ly returns to the utmost simplicity of fsct and it ;theatres or gfrabUng.will exclude our Gov- troUable of all Uis street chUdrea of ths City.and Iowa, hiirfrSn were eeet to the Wast<edBS,ttmp|irIL The Persian wars woold not have been him by the discoveries on the €tig^ pte- given(Action. This is a reversal of all historicaltreaty1 llehlganr^j?^ ?gj*?;t^ peeuliai•f^it features,badtherenotbeen monnraents,which convict him ofAssyrian risen in-expe- of equivalents.This|basisnation as it appears when eaniac ta contact vrith profane his-toty, demands the MX €»into the shade.^Fihe great modem merit of HaaODOTOiM^ools uadsr the sapeitiMa tt the Sesistr-"""f'f'f^ Kueh of Bwaal-ibsr Asrity of ths SooMy^-^^^v^.^;e»them. Sotoomay to notlee bya of enormous systemtowhichmostbrew Scriptures are indeed marvelous, forwe canandEnglandcapital, cheapuseful arts, may fraternize as asighbors through commercial treaties, liased on equivalents, vrithoutSupsrtntandsat of UiU dapartaeat«»«carrying out the whichrace, experience hnmanlty untried primeval being, be otheri^se than mar- velous !—but a still greater wonder, a wonder for the awed reason instead of the astonished sense or fancy. Is the exceeding modesty, truthfulness, anddisoa,«rf•*wtochildren are reported •» aeaBa«l»4 with tta ladasWKfor aAe wanhoa dtuaeter of the lateroriental same descriptioa, east the moreof the sober and trathful'parallelvery different purpose.paralieL"and, like soaa nodenFrance, therefore,with their lowfound. Cool, calm, collssted, aa ottsr stranger to fear, be yet had la large auasnra fliat slsetris sya- patby for boys, aad such beys as ware toroaie under<*»^^5*««*|J5^^!^having lying,in the He- rience. Theeventsnarrated earliesternmentfrompainthePowers satisfactoryTheofficersoftheSocietyhadmadsawisssales^ "*«' *°» *• •adaa's Iarrangement, »Biblehistory.Weneednotshrink,thehistoryofliteraturescarcelypresentsahowcouldthebeginningofanewworldandaemuvale»ts,fihlcliwseanaotdowithouthazardingoftheirlabors.Mr.IWrwas,psthsps.hete^q3-' whom» Wiiimte o» hoole age before "-ticipstiag ()ffer thosebeen -^'"" 2^22 f'i^-«et"e t;these dire calamities ?you protectagainst;having paid equivalents,of whom 20 were taken tnm theNurs and including all the romance of and primaeval genealogies in the earliest preten- equivalents? Will you give us a hun- grants. Most of these children did -well, and nnder subsequent conduct affixed aa odinai apM althe with There are some faint reflections of its early Assyrian empire, beginningprotection.places,prisons,to whole, doubtless, yet snfBeieal to I givehe sions of other nations, but it ia not difficult to de-ga|%:U^ mythical from ths common thought, got the ear of antiquity, with the exception of the 'termine which is the original and which not be sufficient The wealth ofadvantagesas the " Children's Aid\ appointed a Board of Trustees of diSsrent denomina-owmjbi-'for the ofcoBsplied with,manufacturtng interests would be utterly de-stroyed. Thesearetmlyfoimidablereasonsforits rejection, if based on a just constmction and or someHave indispeasableother natimis, until jou can induce us to make youaa exception to their under a re- operatioB specialprlntlag policy[tlon of the man forHe was tlie sensation writer of his day, new the new of in its the existeace of o ir entire home interests. While fled for the work than aay ' msa they oosld have „rr;M2ofth.whOlO.travelerslabor aad in the high developmentu^torJacobs, the Ze- In the fact that thorough examtoatlon shows no reverence, with which it is all told. Where elsetbeir treatyobligations to re^rocltyhis csra, which hisarsd IdsAadiagUs way speedilyfourvlsltomtovtsltthshsnesofthepssr, lect chlMna lat»Ss lafsslilthey siads«ps4fsaesr«d«s<them ta As aeloty'sxooau l»rwonderful titeisfoundwUd boy hinueir, he U ss HtsrsacUy vorKd in boy-satuie. Added to this sjfsthstls head, he posieMod m»^fertm^J. (srlatsresUafftadiaCasaeiagthesetesUess,beginningimpairingother nations, the United States aad llexleo, asto their hearts.Ws hslf that he was a saspsetplojsThe HeajibbalisU, therwtoi could never haveP**"«dhethem,hadtharabffco»Samuel, UntpartotthepresentvtoA.HeacaOa^JilfM nt.M!rli*»tlif*itetidenlljiiffarethemythi- eeipraeityinatiaa.aklshs, the bahlte,countries andsimilar treaties, fraternixe, and at theMaccsfaeea,th>Gamaliels,thencient writer to be to better aeeordancowith thehave we such a narrative, delivered in such afather^^andappeared a^the later re- Bcriptures. The exhibition of this fotiBS an tmpor- style, in all the annals of history or phUosophy Tcoterminous throughUntitled Documentunless''''^•^'^*TMJr~lJ?T?»statesmen, the re-but the little orgaa^rladsn hasa ceased to come.neighbors, may aUo,same time preserve invhdate aU their coanMRsial iuehsaIssli^oaallf.SBl great;poo^partattendanceofover1,000boys. Veaitbeclose sf thsFebruary, 18S3, tions, Hon. JobsuMii rii»ii«Biiri saX.. Bbaox,alreadygenerallySE.XDI.VO CHILDas.Vyear 185}, From thirty to forty boys daily worked in this shop, provided25 toadmission her tex- were furnished with work during the first year, •10,000.fromtiles to oar country at the same low rate of duty of whom after a time were sent to good places manyas Mexican and that, the demand In the country. Owing to some adrerse circumstan- exports, beingearningtl$4 perla^allfirst year nearly $2M.Soelsty. estabiishsd inA paid matron presided over these sehools, assistedIn ssmsamplydemonstrate. Englanddemandsadmissionimportant ance worthy of all praise, engaged In duties which ! tasked Its energies and rssoaroes. Its iaeaas was -street, and the 'week,Unat In 1890 the same general poiloy wBB p«saad as-tawere next established formeeting wasamongof the reciprocity clause of those trea- being furnished with a plain, oheap dinner, and some- Increaslng demaad for ohlidreo, trim ririr sf IfcaThat thenot will taken, a phun statement of the case willWestern and 102InHouston-street.THE SKWSBOTS' LOD^SO-HOCSK. adnlts,requirecosmogony What, then, can you offer us on the basis of which they had been oommltted as homeless va- for regret and reproach,) perssas wars ssal eat ibut it becomes anVfhether the spirit of skepti- among the mythologlsts. From this falae credit sistency, in the one, the over-laying, the Over-color- occupations aad the endangerment of our free insti- opeaed In the Sun Buildings, eonsr of Falton and others m regard to the diatastarof Its frtttg**i*^;critical Akistotli, who evidentlycopy.simplicity, unique would hardly compensate us for the loss of our In 1664 the Newsboys' Lodging Bouse was believe, caatloos thaamay not also pervert histo- he seems to have been better known than HxBO- ing, the disproportioned.the—grotesque,the swelling,tutions. We caimot, forthai you can pay, convert our high civilization in-Nassau streets, under the eharge of Mr. C. C. Taicr. some of these tamed oat badly, aad, betas ths ss» These boys were found to eonsUtate a eoramaalty by known by name. It was eom^sUed to bear wssh osa-;guUty almostkeep them from per-eac* for theasaelve* or vrieio«teairsrsstaaauaa,sHtheir parsnti by pll/erlng aad- aaaerekBgtapmdaacaaiilliipsMMI, 1%*olasswere newsboys, and print and balladwere fond of praeltyOlaaaeafearOaaaaserelalTreaties. wereofforeignparentage,udiamaaycaseswere aadlibraryfortheirbenatt.The^'^g-'J^mm^stuiothsrwise have aoImproveswnt of tlie CoadUtoa of the Sapper IsnowfaraJAsdtosaohofthipaMtaBa/l^.who had thetion, fiilly confirmed them, sfd, indeed, demonstratedor entries to the offices, or ia The home of tbe Society. «aTMP dirty, but usually shrewd, mtelllgent, aad keea at cMldren to the West h«l. »*T'2iT.. C-Tboxes,^leyst,he Park. They were very ragged aad lar to that of precedliig jesr.- Sammei^ln *»Me, " ""- constmction of the reci- earnings of many of them were quite large, bnt were w«TMterl.llya»P'tfi«i" T^L^^ciprocity treaty upon the basis uf conditions aad equivalents.shlftlog for themselves aad saaklag a bargain. The gers, proved so mcctmtnalmost invariably squaadsrod la sttsndsneelocated in som.wh.t dlff""npca They were regarded by those who knew them best ss ths kstdsstaad aost aacoa-ihgtiie lesd, snd"f J"^imuch greater thaa In any pcavlaasyssr, sad Oaa^^any muhsv* gives ttp laof tobs tomewith them ia theircrossings,plehedoverths agaeaoadoiyamoagikai^fesaaaiibaC«laM -))af»:mm»tgimiilmi earaiags, sad peisaadadttebayetekiMlihsy called thatsSIe.iiBasdllfr iS^rtwfkk.Bstaalshadattheamoaatsfthey deposit their best elothssbate as Iwh ^pearw^PointsIndustry. Theschoolwasboldtnmaclassof;froa 70 to;^haa^Mb^aarhis- clety. In 189S, the Industrial Schools for glds hrfof aad theirforterror of the neighborhood. This year thare was aa~were sent to Mlslilgaa. MLboys who,I"• receipts wers net U(iaia9ia,S0lk Thsaooistr^",-fr^aeg1yean, hadv,s laiiiMsifcs ttm. 90iTsisM"rsspsets, aewsra,avan«ar rhlldisa |k ^:^^&&£?ac&:www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^,,^-^iL^^^i^^^y^\ 