 'm.^ "ii lis iSTb to tke avdhUatioB ef K.^^^I bafora nla* •'clock P. It, loae allEnglish DowBiGow, Lord .PASsttTBi,^^How OetDowbTawa.of the SUB made itself delightfullyThe whole Park seemed to be sbiging the gooddMhory ladyiato forinstead ofdevelop- the conduct of those who affect to consider haa come to be very ambigBoos Indeed. Bat the byIquarrel amongoursenators over thereadythaaourselves,areEBglishmencome of America, does not se«n to b*and they are not even willing to allowkee cousins the somewliatheating them in a aaianea whose sveiy lasMa fe brotaUty.s -^-sHBawssp8y yojii^L ai^ rate* for to be adverse, what if a UtOe loUqriaf Aoold c^gnmoaly sanguine maa wto hafM Oat a« eieai aad aakaaipt city aqoMea i^rieid|iA#iV'' {pMMdljof fte ebcatolloB r^ fNMBt BKMB«nt 10 npid u_. J that MtTntiaaMrti iateallANow| is it not time that this game of fast robin," calling on Bxk Gauht, the TiptonI th^rnW ha ant ta «t flie «MBB«tot. AniMMncenMnta ^Akk &il to teltypeof nepotiamweknown as by unlicensed liquor dealera. Poaaibly, we tempers impraved by any such act of atten- boughs of the young trees, the fruitful preaance|1ltettinnmdart>Mkaad* % «Ud iMd«n •» teeMMMd to nCnr. It if,toilMadiwtiMra •*Oa latMt for theofGreat portpauperismcausedbyintemperance."iikalrui^VWofctontheSecretary-at-Warthe crisis of the Crimeanstruggle, andtoThis begina te he a very serious>ldEnglish soag:" SoMUMron the Slavery question. ThalalUT good, and published K. BW ^bllMrt»» Kr'H^ubn, qnttoMiavottoHt toMiMtf«i,tokki»t]MtlwDrto the Brtt- that what- ever '^e did or did not do to maintain the honor"of England, he must not forget to take care ofDown." The EngUsh weren>eaten at the Bedan,—thoughsometliingor MCMO-MWMm. gmHII luiimiii SU9IU1.itUTK-On. Tom TBfio. ngtheynot, sini}rfyl)ecausetheycouldaal^aMMeaaaebnt two had yet spoken againstthifklll Bngy attempt at a call of the House re- '"I Ik tka want of a quorum, at S o'clock thethe origin of this movement wliat it may, weter at all, to seesafely outoftheir hands.represent Napoleon dynasty.iB^omned..nrin the train of the victorious FreHch t^er more crestfallen thaa itthe demand for some radical-V*. 3M—WHtnoos** Tsn ajau>Tthe Central Park is of itself a moral lesson and encouragement, which in the midst of the official corruption and general municipal disarray af thequences of bis crime, bnt waa shot by her 1IIWIIBIIIIHII in OmUVTlOK—BESDlBoadilatorytranshipment in and mean to spend in making the Park. Itproves HxHBT Klafp, of Philadelt^iia, but tiie itoaad tk« Pickaxe—Haye we a and laose should cease ?PatMsage It may not be aand thehim kindly, and take him round to the fighting_iy gg^mr TBXATB>-HAUI BLU>-BI0SIIikoou'XauouBnxB- Dowbsour heads and the rote deepen under our feet,been net throw stOBsa ; but tiie :.•Dtnnf-^SnMW ud KTMiag-Dn.have Misa SallixjfiiM*«, «M nOABWAt—Trnm.to impostor, inquirewhether we abo have oararrest the curse of intemperance andhorses is limited by nature, while that ofsteamcroskery —Department, and tUt ntanet of the persons re- y^;m«^i«atT.t.«»T—w«i.mBMUWAT—EzHOl- commendingthem." ThereportoftheCrotonwere sooa thanthebattle-fieldbetweenthepublicandits bridgeovertheEastRiver,andaNew-Jersey ownthinkersanddisgusttherestofmardundi MissUxBCKKafterwards"'«"t«.<Dr.J.B.Ito-in»w » Baxaat,WHWra OF THB DAT.Commissioners had declared their Inability toandofficers stand out as the sworn executors of imme(Uate relief in these directions.for an expedidon to ob- Min th« totml edba* iof the son in JvHj, wai of- JnAtotbeUnkodBtatM 8«oste yesterday, aadto their AItoilarfiiiImloopoaitiononthe{witofaGeor- partment employmentiwalatlai^ ftorUinfdiggers,gaaanlly the piinciplea enunciatedmunicipalway, they have contrived to build up far them-caltoKkf^tta Kisiiasippi Senator, but dissentingnaa aone of las extreme inferences. Kr.Jtumu* expreaaed Ms deeira to reply to Mr. Da-TMMaean aa practicable; and alter the friends BooijE, the bland and beneficent, has perhapsdirection.The are in the mood to public. once on the popular mind and command itare-of IhilTaiiiiialiiad bill had Tatnly endearored to kriM that BeaanTe to a Tote,the Senate closed ito AMnttana in Bzecnttre Session. The House,days withpublic—^There are some words ia thegnage susceptible of more vaiiaSnaa' Ihaa anynanimous, has llliii of Ike Whole, Bstened to Hr. Hoca- fair share ofsmuggledThe claimfor one day's exemption from rum-selling and beginning sigh land,populartone.•Tiiepkraas," aaaaibttaaalB wmmi'n—ttm, af AlabUBa, in an arfnment against the Tariffmen are calleduponto make, are^L IKHOnioa declared that tke act of 18&7 trenches of the Aqueduct. There must tiehaliat beea aolEcieiitly tried; that its revenue honor even among Councilmen, and no monop-r inenaaiBg, and that in another year oly can be allowed. Or it may be that theputed; and any clasa-combin^ons to defeattWs^ takemagnificent residential quarters from lyingto vindicate their in cenunenting on tha aeqalttal of superiority ky get-Ik thaeconoinical wants of the Got- Fathers Jfr. KoBaiu., of Vermont, explainedall laws, human and divine. To these LOW'S son, who was so ystfortumaU as to kiB a.^.B> iao«lsions of the bill ;the Croton Board ofand Messrs. do tbem all, singly and collectively, out ofTatI4>> aiaMiusoir endesTored to amend it by [ Oka duQr upon sugar. A desultory coa- •aad npon the demand 4>{ the Bepubli-tmmtmm tt- that party. The Democrats resisted work, are plying Uie pickaxes which should be tta vatokaeaaaa bat few of their party were pres- consecrated to the clients of the City Hail. Beis over Ite spreading'shown. Of the prompt practical character of the poUce-force on the Park, we witnessed oa Sundaylow, he deserves the conndseratioB of tha sarelyFollowing out this novel appUealiaa eC• TOM be taken.that chosen profane persons,into their owna strilring illustration.BndoabtadlT speakthe ne- r flftka tote on the ground of the approach- HMauUuu at Chicare calling away largethe dwellers areof in-beenare boimd, since they have moved in the mat- high rent of commeroial gronfiS,' on the one had broken, atad the horse, struck at every leap genuity by inventing a pack of playfaig.«sida, iaThey argedproper quarters,"some in fn^Tka ttoamahip TeaUmia, £rom Southampton, ment, to a Taat system of rulgar politicalApril n, airiTM here yesterday. Her advices kave been anticipated.under cover ofto-day at Baltimore. Our dispatches cilmen, Aldermen, and all their doings.anevnca the piaaence of a large number of dele- The enormous impudence of the demand guas ; aaooog whom a preference for Gen. Hous- made in the resolution which produced this TOn aa a eandidaie appears to prevail, with a dl-vanity of predilection among Messrs. Eviritt, particular report of the Croton Board illus-carriage swung and swayed in ita acceleratingcareer, it became fearfully apparent that a catas-trophe was imminent. People itroke to right andleft as the carriage rushed on to its destruction,and extending from the City Hall to the Cen- and neared a huge rock in a turning of the road, and St. Helena. For an unintentional pioca of sa-The KatiODal Union ConstitutioBal Conventionhouse-tops, carryingwhere the Je- Empteasof tke Honor traffic and Its concomitant evils. The•km ot t^ edncated few.ad-hangers- who drink and talk andof oureasilyexcessive cost vel—Iha l^diea' Home Hiasionary Society connected "Witb fklV ^Hve Points Mission held their Anniver-on of thearistocracy. Tins weret Some of the London viaducte pay a dividend en out a parallel in any park of the world. The paper tells as that a aovAeign" of that ilk waa?^^botiateat half filled at each session, although no —•—*—•"» fiae waa charged.nothing respectfully;grainof ourhumani'y.particularof and view,IW fvni 'thein the Park, and paade to shake hands single direction, and after studying the coa- with the boy, who, when his father attempted lo now coDtplsted, and which la on Its way toEogUiid^7^l\ ^Conference yesterday appointedto receive theCity Hail,,treated to a luncheoa in the Grand —of the lamented Bish- ik wmmaM from the Black River nbekwAv^"^probationpreachersmighthuman tide along this centre line,BMMMXativestersofthe past.Jury dirtyafter esti- quick transit in thiswhat use of sitting down at all ?And in relationThe result of this eonvieilon Is the pletnre whiehdnced pdces fcr .mdthe latter.(Mmsecure'•receptioa" wm make tha ii«-tonsjeaiblaneaariliMaflalda andtea was what tha farmers can a*t in. The more- '"iMBtolB'jtnvaiHaa,coDdMiabto attmlhai An active inquiry prevail-ed &r Ka^Ua Ben^. Freights were firmer, of fte Mr aa(a|iMBanta, mainly for LiverpooLkindlytfaaaIflh CommanderbeforeSebaatopol,the residentialby' the half-mile towards the Central Park.And as population aad business increase la a much greater ratio than the means of transit,orderly,in this gUd outburst of reviving nature.•ofaoide with thethe TVihine. A..) n..» | .''" ^'^ ^^*'and came I^Hoewas quito beeomlnf for "eonqaeron"to be. Bnt Down was made a Coloael Us name klas taken ite place in history.inour City locomotion is becoming imperative. both whichIt Is quite worth whUe, now Oat the Ameri-""can ea^le has been splflieated by Earl Obitand the London Timet for a faUoie aad anleave unchecked the vast system of liquor- to ride at all, can hardly be less thaa three- which Uvea in rented honses. The repose aad re- says that those who live iasailing, and to deal in petty detail with crimin- als known to be mannfactnred by itWe would not claim that any policy can en-and whetliBr, while the taxes fOSSTH-ATlNDE oarDowbsaretakencareofbytheirnaturalpro-in the streetsweekFbabkus declared to be equal toi— tectors the"process three fires."Philadelphia some eighteen years dad to ainee,;(roworerWhen all is done that man canby remorseless carmea, and had sufilsred all beredservants of thewearing people. Certainly proceedingsyesterdayIn theCommonCouncil on Monday-wouldseem to show that we both possess Dowbs and pro- CAIXIBT—KXHDmoi OF rMsnaoi. tect them. The City Fathers on that day re- turned for " correction " to the Croton Board a report, rendered In conformity with a resola-—andaad control the sale ofbeanty, the l>dleOomOfDun.especiallyintoxicating liquors"tion of the Councllmen, requiring the names,residences, &c., of the employes in the CrotonRbolbtob, while the in a leaving city inorecord haTing been kept of the persons whocomplywith this latterrequest,regularanticipate ^""^^^ How, London possesses every possible advan-tage ofample space in all directionsfirom every point of the compass, over thehad recommended the dltohers aadthe masons and bricklayera, of the Croton De-law, and their affiliation vrith law-breakers,tmtiitm, ma by a large majodty. Ur. work. The Councilmen were not content paawd publichouse tops, to the business centrespion.IniMKAB aobaaqaently reanmea his remarks inwith this eTBsive reply, and so returned the "steamboats, cheap cabs, and a comprehensive,show of its subjects as this worst-governed of Be- publican cities makes of its free citizens in the CentralPark. Thesignswhichwerecognizeall over the place, of responsible snd respectable au- thority, attending to the business of the peopleadTaatafikIai^tototha resolatioB of Hr. Datis, com-pMltba achisin in tlie Democratic faith, report to the Commissioners for correction."beleaguered city.——the immense, and save In the old city ^rapid om-the crowd consoled themselvesbyrnanHai11^This action indicates, we suppose, a Inrewingaetinc an eaily letnm to unity. For liim-was taady to svroort any good Democrat,r It be Doveus, HuHTEB or JoHxaoH. Ur.n, of Tj»ii«t«ii«, made a speech advo- distribution of the patronage, which, in a quietandthements of the Police to close the Sunday Thea-alike of the morality and the material interests of the City.right demandwhich rivals in cost and the difficultyspect The police of tfie^ Park, for example, car- ries in its very bearing this distinct cliaracter ofselves at the expensepoliticalwork in thesereforms,on allsingle scheme which would alone make the businessdiscovered that Baolxt, the mild andaccessible. We,whohavejustlyboastedthat every side ef our City is a water-front, are justto take care of the and the publicpropertyEnglish iaa-more thaa spade-wieldingsafety.visited with general reprobation.theatrical pertormances, is too just to be dis- Ing onr natural advantages to the highest ex themselves the "upper daaaes," and under' latest applicatiaa is one gives It by itotheir rights, by actually daring to employ menwhom noto their noticecivic has commended dignitaryappointed space, and crowding the dwellers out of ite natural limitspabllc.terms,sf the killed as ntte as to be killedsuspecttryingshould and will be driven to the wall by a uni- ted magistracy, sustained by a united public.The Coming PrlBca.W« must say we think the gentlemen whobreakingthree to fifty miles north of it 'WhUe business offenders small mercy is due, and but little isthe name of Bbbbb."highA family carriage contain-tke same would papers;two of them came dash- females,Yonng Bun, who waabecauseonly they City'sthemselves withingpersons,to see that it has takencalls public attention, at a most fortunate mo-crowded into foulrejoiceplace ;streete,— meanwhile,everyungovema.the historyIa place ofterrorism and bribery which has grown upmorally responsiblefor the treatment he is totrable wilderness, almost in sight.Mother. In place of knaves, four Bonapaita» brothers of Napolioh L For aces there are foarcilmen forshowing their handso opportune-and bad manners;semi-daily journeyWmsnip,ofby degreesto beunder-Princepndhis suite with as machimpunity aspublicIndifiTerence to Coun-receive. We think the presentation of anysuch document to the Common Councilwas, in the first place, exceedingly ill-An iron viaduct over thesteam railway trains at thirty miles an hour,HuR and Fcllxb as Vice-President. The only trates, in the most brilliant light, the yrgor Prince, they might liave forwarded the expres-platfana proposed is the Constitution. which this system has attained. The Board of sion of it to Lord Lyons, who would haveA minor was current in Newark last evening Gemmissioners of the Aqueduct are actually transmitted it to the with suchthat Bar. T. S. Hakdkn, lately convicted of mur- proper quarter,deiinc Ids wife by the administration of poison, called upon to fiimish the Aldermen and Coun- explanations as would give it its proper valuebadcaoMiUedauioide.In aaaMdaoee with an invitation {o " the friendscilmenofNew-Yorkwithanaccountoftheper- intheeyesoftheBritishnation. Theirput-" all standing." The simpUcity with which this really gallant act was done, and with whieh, hav-mother going in to aacertaia the canse, aof beautifnl flowers will \se fouad on the bed, or ato meet in behalf of Ita lelifknis and benevolent iuteiests," there was a don ia the Reformed Dutch Church, J, last evening. A report was read to tKa flKet' tut the Society has circulated nearlyof the Annican TractSociety,_gineering or financial sensesons who recommended them to employ Terence O'Flaherty in mixing mortar andHans Schnaf-ting forward the Common Council as the rep- resentative of the City on such an occasion,knowledge which they all possesssomethingthesplendidcountrytha^lntervenes. Nowto assert, at the start, as many persons Will, that this scheme is impracticable, either in an en-—bouqaatfelbuttel inOf whatcan it be to the Muni-with theing put up franticculties, impede street locomotion, or fail in any judgment with which this force has been made up, certed by aay such ghostly vintants.manner to subserve the public good in the most and of the skill with which its is main- —^Tbe verdict rendered the Coroner's discipline by j«-thorough and comprehensive fashion—is to tained. In a pretty large experience of the mis- ry that investigated the Bellevne Hos;Jtal case dispute the teachings of authentic history, and haps and excitements of City life, we have deserves commemoration. "The child cams to to ignore the results of the English practice ii never seen so threatening an accident averted with its death by accidental suffocation, and we recaat^these very matters. The schemes of more discretion, coolness and courage and the mend that steps be taken to- clear the Hospital af paying ;driving legitimateconsequencepossiblefull ofwhattheCommonCouncilis, ishis shattered and lead ofT his half- carriagebeen there broughtpiles !10.nOO.IMsf ml 210,000,000 of tracts, and cipal authorities of New-York to receive this even more reprehensible than thoughtlessness.I fiO,000,000 of its periodicals. The Chair account? That the mortar used on the Aque- A reception organized directly by themselveswaa oeenpied by Hirak KxTCHnH, Esq., and ad- duct should be well mixed, and the piles well would have been in the satis-dreasea enfoTcing upon the audience the necessity liighest degreeof kaetdng up the national character of the Society driven, is the affair of the Councfl, as it is of factory to everybody concerned ; but a recep- were ma& by B-^v. Dr. Scuddib, of India, andBev. all our citizens. Who shaU do the mixing and tion organized and carried out by the Com-Dr. FoxLXB, of Baltimore. the driving is the affair of the Croton Commis- mon Council will be in the last de-TheanniversaryoftheAmericanTemperance sioners. Union Society was held last night at the Churchgree disgusting. We warn them thatthis kind now in operation in London, Man- incident is well worth relating, were it only to give rats." It is certainly a very good verdict, imtof the faritana, Union-square. Dr. CHZEVim aadBut Down must be taken careand so it"hoapitalities" cannot be inflicted upon thelike —not siHch ea>- dicUonsry readingDr. BtmiZH H. Ttss look part in the services,of; regularlyour a fresh assurance of the peoplesomethingnection between the sentences. Or are we to in- fer that the child was suffocated by rats thas comen < iis<lMirt hmaor, was powerful in denunciation hundred laborers are to be employed on a pub- entirely ignorant of our maimers andchester, and other foreign towns, have beenprotection upon which they may count in their pleasurings oniTaaaiy, at the Cooper Institute, yesterday. ly in this matter. We trust that the public, loag- this, their reception by the Common Council,SpeedMs were made by WilUam Lloyd Garrison, Dr. Cbearer, Bobert Purvis, Wendell Phillips, Mrs. Btaata^ Bev. Beriah Green, Rev. Arthur B. Brad-Tboefs Is an artist by toe band ai well as by thaupitsrevelations that inevitable day againstask themreally desire*'f^ig«niBiqp!^ppiP«spH''nin!HJ«Mi=7^-«5r»n( -p-;-^^H^j^» •f--^TM ^mJ^}^^J»^m:-^.^^Miiwaie^likawlsajust legislation enoogbfop«t ereiy-appraacfaiagmeadows. Vera'tlMcai«naioBartbe<«« Whisky, fto-<U tUngat' loose endstagain Or, IT peifeotly UJ^eelmoreofday "fiewflt iiMi,iwUlatheido now,, Oils, Tallow and explicit statutes are enacted, wliat if Jndioial or more diapoeed to look lightly on onr&alta vreather," ft was ysatetday. This we conid iH of Us leave perfectlyUTobaMav «BM tMMetad. Dry Codfi* attracted and Executive officers ahonld be atimnlated to or appreciate oar virtaes. If Hi. BnoHASAS— na see by muntAf wslUnf theWihas heard of Down, that immor-«SlasherDusky Phenomenoa to receiveso and artistic a development into a new steadysomewhat ringalaF-if tnw. Vtt IMtt'MffHKk'•uD«wb amoaK ETerybodyvery importaat matter that our City Treasuryon the littU borders ofbe i^** detomiaed (fffiMl^ir*in the administraUon affairs. Dowb, less widely—this City, wrote a Mtai to aUna,'.T^Ji^aZ^:»m> ^had the feUcity to be the nephewofvisible.Britain athis affeedonate uncle telegraphedchiefly there is aby squintingqneation. While the commercial ceatre oreeps'towardsla,"Thoasaads, of both sexes and of every age, quiet,tax-paying,this City on Wednesdaylast Mlsa her youth, was a lady of exceedingia aai of itkaare fit to do thepunishingseizure of the Prince of Wales and his party, convenience, from having tnA noise, dirt and afternoon at a tremendous pace. One of tke shaftson that greattimidity, complicity ing,peo- ple to the charms of decency and the advantagesAad it aeema thatvrhea tke acoanat laM^mag- his Dowbs into thepublic police- mostly provoked;andstreet-!fiftythusprofited by thefor itbecamethe wide ble in his fright anc^fiiry.moment moreThe driver stuck to hisofis robbed of half a million of dollan aimualiy could stand the burden of taxation for the sap-ofelse in the bnpoveilstmient of some thousandspublic houaes, tion.should certainly not feel oaron thebuddingof the The pocket ispurpose of crimeILwaOm,;{deadthat.affectedthese mattersladf ttoo^ Ito ^ niiilmeiT lyMfc'"'""*but we win notUnion-square,quartersstridehappy,riages, on horseback, and on footjoin In car-peenllxr taaats -calai^&HtjB^ 'of familiesWhen we come, however, to the consideration— patentthey wandera^ people, inhaling aaough, we doubtcolumn aad a halfHauohwoot, shaweriagcets abOBt his aan, and ligdly hoty^hiaiof the fact,PoliceJustice,andtoa Police r^iport,—that fiilly nine-tenths of the crime and vice of the City can be traced to the dram-shop, as certainly as a stream to its source, it seems the veriest f(dly and trifling toover this noblehealth and cheerfulnessBot, to balance the diitraetiag outlay of aatoPoliceman or citizenwhoreadsevery everyparadise of thahisown cop* ^ri M^'-< ''r<tirelykindred vices.do, there will be more th^n enough of wrong- doing. Butwedoclaimthat the determinedto execute the laws for the preventionthose which restrainwho will aaobsofthewouldcondition of the City, and re^re the ascen- dpncy of law and virtue.In order to this, it is needful that the various Depaitmente of our City Government should beunitedinaimandffbrt. Felitiealandper-Theprogressrecentlymade insuppressingmove- nibussystem. YetthepeopleofLondon,al-that, if not an Irishman, his father ha&sd fnsaTipperary. TheoldfeeUngofaatioiulity,wUchspeedily changeHKBBsn», wards endeavored to escape froM thasonal differences should find another arenahappythe time of her deatii.theydirateed.most terrific foe.Magistratespolicethe but we do not remedy difficulty,society. Give us at Albany, at the City Hall, at the Federal Capital, the same honest energy and uptight discipline which have ruled in the affairs of the Park, and it would soon be found that Americana are no more insensible than otheror their neglect to deal with them as the result ofEnglish papers acknovriedge that wfftor mutual misunderstand- would be a betrayal of their trust as inde- fensible as the treachery of a sentinel before a;;railwaysThames oforder. NomonarchycanmakesocreditableaahimTheir signatures to the petition whieh we pub-lished yesterday, and on wiuch the municipal authorities are actiiig, make them at leastParsonhaveincitingCouncil tofftryby—which each card ia made tothe lilta ikinjiiiiiii imoresaing the audience withai^aeafci-wliidDi, while it was characterized by his stood, that whenever one hundred or two upon the Turks and Japanese. The latter are prosecuted under difficulties and at a cost their Park.— A white twenty years of age haa Bur- girilic work in this City, the total number shall be andof th^ Society, showed that its funds were in a divided by the number of the Aldermen and standing amongst us by his behavior and ap- The proposition will bear discussion;Bepoifor the Secretary, respecting the prospectsentirelyunable tojudgeof a man's social necessary. 'Vavavy in'flM Academy of Music last night. A num- bully each vulgar leader into office, ar« thus with pig, and dragging him about the City in aand nota cost of nearly a million and a quarter dollars a New-York which considers it a religious duty to offered (It ia curreat coia of the realm far hisPasha ber of fiKts were stated, indicating a high state of provided for. The City improvements are dirty hack, the unfortunate wreteh very prob-mated,and anciaas waa made by Father Tatlob, of Boston.vtoapeittyintheIQssionoftheto t)e seen at heme after the middle of June, willanniversarycome back from Saratoga and Newport in the Fall, to find, we hope, at home a wonder not easilyhissleeve,< Make it and I'll it." twenty goport ef the Corresponding Secretary represents tha condition of the Union aa highly prosperous. The annual election of officers was held in theprotectionof Aldermanic and disci- American and an American —interestinggotheroundswatering-places,andshuddershangers-on,cnunmiagtheprecedented,pflandscape art, quite;Tba fgrtT-AmithBasdMB^airi Umon was celebrated in various like the national workshops of Revolu- mitted with set teeth. ^|Choieiaa tfanxighout the City yesterday ademoon, tionary France—a sort of Paradise of But the Prhiee of Wales cannot be imposed aadbyOa offlcera and bienda of the Union, atBev. Dr. Adama' Church, in the evening. The at- fools and vagabonds, in vriiich iazittess upon in any such fashion. He aad tiis suitetend^nea of scholars was large. The annual re- laughs its days away ander the ever-smiling know perfectly well the difference between ancrowdedwithmenwithwhoinof the New-York ers will have nothing to do, and become expressing affection and gqod will, and sub-nor do they, (the Greenwich and theBlackwall, for instance,) connect with linesrunning to the country, but depend on localtraffic alone. Such is the shape and position to be matched abroad. The tess fashionable butof our island, on the contrary, that one central not perhaps less fortunate New-York, which New-York Press, Col. T.B. TBoan,o( the Sfirit^tks artery, however the City might spread over it, makes this lovely islsnd of ours its watering place, Times, ls«t evenliig exUMted to a coopaBy af Mb would accomplish the entire traffic between it will have the greater pleasure, all the Summer frieDds and colleagues, a most unique aad JatsnaHacfriendship,pline becomes a joke in the face of the feudalgentleman between an American ofrowdy educationof thiswonderbadand seeingblossom,workofart,aliteral of is. Ttat picture NlagaiaasttCol. Tboxts ia an artist ta spirit has long baaa kaewBto the reading world. We owe to Mr. Daasr, irhekindly opened his booas to receive both the inlnthgprivate employ-ably thoughtthatthiswasthegiaourmodeof mile;offer. We fancy the shrewd Yankee wlusperlag hiand the ample and accessible residential quar- evening Bev. Dr.-FxBBia being reelected Presi- Councilmaa always ready to defend bis feudal and good manners and respectable posi- ters beyond.through,and grow into being.—goodtion, and a dirty American of no educationdent.Tke Americanlieges. Once more, then, we thank the Coun-If, however, the last few miles of thisMinor Topics.Anti-Slavery Society held two seaama on the occasion of its twenty-seventh an-""—Of all Dr. sanitary reformers.aadUie the that Cat. painter's friends, knowledgebut sure, if slow, to wrath, will make while the signers of tliis petition sitand montb aaaryearsufTering,a particular note of this sudden gleam of light in the )background, will beas commerce moves up town yearafter year, the termini of the steam-railwayswill be crowded back, and the crawling horse-routes lengthened. The time is fast approach- hungry,istudied, yearfrom all poeslble poUtachanting Influence of seases and of light Thaiof his studies was a conviction that Nlagan Mtlht he painted for ttie popular eye In the tUlaasa af its ahir-^- Sloane- The house was into the secrets of the and treasure short ofyan insult. We wouldofmemorial of Dr consign our actual Municipal Government towith all theall the—all the grandeur of ctorea rarinns and all the a»-reckoninglongfrom teble unsatisfied never ;out of bed soacteiiatic beaaty—splaarinr af raMlBofwhich must ereand from bedsleepy.He never rise says,getunder the eyes of all the "iaafers" Itotaa Conaittae onBevision. The There are numerous combinations to resist with the entire Fire Department, and the em-ofcommercial centre of the new conclusion is of wonder that the not already accomplished.hasCoLTaoanhas selected his potnt of view mastjMtfMmto be submitted borlii. to the engraver'spadaiwaliii bi &vor ot coMtitnting a standingoffice? such an ordeal asworld, greatonlyhehadn't businesstogetup happUy. anyfte mamage ceremoay,A fTnited Magistracy.r toto aplantataCourtofAp- orevadeour Coaa^taaa pnpaiaappealfromitsdedshma. Thereportwaaadopted. In acendaace with the Sanitary pravidm of tkeboth. The nave the right of daddhig on the admission of an quor Dealers'like to undergothewormright—*'"'ilWVir WHMJaHng of theKtbopauidonemem-Liquor interest, in its various rami-theythisClUIon Houae, his landscape ineludssMettnolitaa Police Act, Justice KxiiT yeatarday Law Association's," &c., &c. Against such a Babbt for a whole day himself? How wouldthe sentimental no rational New- that he was entitled to avail himself of the latter the mass of Iris Island; the picturesque 1 poets sing of, aiIsauedan Older for the sununary vacation of the power, with ample funds unscrupulously em- he relish being fed by them in public on whatever toYorker expects see. Borrowing its nameclause and sleep a good saven, for which reasOB lieinof Ooat laland and the magalfleaBt ;nambas No. 652ttatttestructureisftU rtany moment. Mr. Pxtox, the lessee of the over-dragged poUic? Our Laws* But what T\t petitioners assert that such proceedings*"t£?»;raiisrtt':'ar—Ourlagerdrinkerswhoabsorbattherate iawienceandtheoeoan.byCat "Broadway, it having been shown so Insecure aa to be liable towhathave thewrongedand theyconsider delicacies ?cent of thegreat«"«'»"*/?f'•^.^.^.^ peeallto'BaMlrA toftarrlae of i®l ^ eonnael,packedjuries,courts,lwe^atLoSra^iSTrfSZL '"'BaU'my ^uea, on the basis of 80blind side for un-if of the they imagine anythingV ?^hi?'Sa^??f«*«^ State 8t<Kfci,^jf»'*£2K*^r^.C,««*„'^» ««POrt demandaad after(juallUesofcent,took place in the'^''is cer- to sit atOf tha two extremes the second ^bleN'w-York and ifpolicemengrossly,^yed,protection'fromthe mother ofMercury,thisfalsely fascinatingfelt no compunctioncurtailingsleep afand the*kan alicensed eonar diam-akopa f Or,sortean Mjm^-*J*fiM]r topWad on temporir, Lmm a Disttie«-A' ney ahoold pOeDpSO.OQP, com- through anything of this port; but theSTajeWBaS;^^^OottWWuMsker and flrmer. 'Heavier sales ana few and therancor,never are bred byand alauMt brightenedofvisibly"•—-~*iasnits—is pretty surewith every genial moment, into a btightaromy,aad invited the latter to dine ;whenever hisVriBgCnrKpratftuwallBa praise,the oash of ttalUthfnl in ooNvWotaff of (fftopdaia.what if hardly be made avary probaUeand everybody accordingly rejoicedin thements withoutiMat Tmstfladiassti inkislegs.Borne en,^^,,. plaint* labia oflca a momiaMBtwhich aadmade cor- hi all Its dfanenrions te tke man's anat-neglect? Or.wkatlffQltthe gratefiil change,respondingiftheyllitleIf our citizens wishedtral Park, and thence connecting with the the and we should have been now recording the de- tire,of thefoarBoxAPAatli asjudged. leadingrepresentation New-Haven, Harlem, and Hudson River Rail- taila of a frightful accident had not one of the knavea is pretty good.to testify their respect and good will for the—ways, would at one grand stride plase the Park policemen, catohing sight of what waa going ^Xhe New-York correspondent of tbe CU>business centre of New-York within ten min- on, hurried down from a side road, dashed at the cage Tribune has discovered that Mr. (laBBLBT*B utes of the upper part of the island, and within horse with equal skiU and courage, and catching family are subject to spiritual viaitatiooa. He saja from fifteen to sixty minutes of the ample and him by the head, succeeded, after a sharp tussle that very often when the infant Obbklcz is left"hecJtbyriverandsea-sideregionsbeyond,and andtoberablyactive run,"inbringinghimup alone,acryisheardintheroom,andthatoathewhether theycome, to to see the Prince and his attendants draggedCityHall,laws, and to defend those who do ployes of the City Inspector'stoearlyrising,oursympathies have always about the bird and the worm, replied that it servedenergelleber of each ddesatbm such a trflimal, the body to ficatians, is thus protected. There are "Li- themselves? How would Mr. Mintcrh, orsofor a man, five for a woman,presses itself most stronglyon the eye aai.iwtB» ,Associations," "and "Lager-beer Anti-SundayDr.Hawks,or Mr. Bbtaict, like to be shut inMay la the Ceatral Park.A day of real May weather in May, such assix for a nerrous, ahBachild, and ara. The Amerlean fall, thin, iti>B»;Dealers' Societies," and Germana hack with Txebxbci Fablbt or Richabdseven for a fool, we have alway;inclined to plunge of aaeetadthink eurial to Its sudden, steep MBrsry-ofttfieial coBvi|»tf»i^U9spiritround theCityinh^cks,inwithwater—mysUcal majestyilshig Briatf vafarwar"betweenand America. We themother'smusicalname,England somethingIs raaderadand we ttatok with 'venal«r A aubMrvlBnt magistracy? What can assure them that they deceive the^iselves slyoftheson'sand deceitful nature. Our of oscil- of a barrel per diem have rivals in ClilBa. A story with rare, days May'.are War between and America EnglandofJaly.day,theImbiUng sufficsntdoubtthatCatout of bitternesswars greW—the initatian wUohSundayand as long as they knowperformed at anyin the streets, our troubles have but com- For he advocates nothing that goes against tha to b« afterusages,which in our own case Would be entirely un-The work on the Park for 1860 has been Un-necessarily delayed by the Legislature and the ned a negro of sixty. And tiis Demoeiatic papiBB Council, but it is now fairly beginning. The Com- are exulting over-it as one of the Isgttiraato fruitsgoad coadition, and that its usefulness was being Councilmen; each petty Panmnre notified of pearance. If>a Common Councilman should but, wild as it may seem to plodding, missioners, we understand, expect in the course of Bepublicaoitm. ThaW^malgamation ia aaa «ftapidjy eztoided. his quota.of " recommendations " to make : and Prot AirSTiM Pbelfs, of Andover Theological so friends of each forthvrithshoot a quid into one of their eyes, or pour a cobble-stoned, gutter-railed New-York, it of the present season to complete the drive around the planks in the Republican Platform we de notor themin should hardly be throttled without a word of the reservoir, opening thus the connections be- believe. A young lady by the name of Desdemo^on ttieirTabernacle. The church was not espesially the work. To Boolx, his little cohort, ficulty in persuading them that it was an act nothing is more old-fashioned, simple andofAmerican Congregational Union at the Braadway inducted into the daily emoluments of the ribs with his elbow, there would be no dif- defence. As to its engineering character, that magnificent central attraction, the "terrace worefiaminary, delivered the annual address before the many particularglasswhiskyheads,punch tween the Upper and the Lower Parkand once wedded a dark-skinned one who gentleman,crowded. Prof. PBelfs thought that the true aim of pieaeUng ahould be to reach the masses, rather—the heroes who ofattentionon tte lake. This construction, an idea of .theground.No doubtful and imtried inventions are pro- irpm the report of the Commissioners just pre-City Council,i architectural and with- Beiiher to be bribed nor Bought A " wet hiranchiae, bat that be the indignantlyspamsdand tothan toaiaft aermons aolely to the comprehen- fought at the last Ward election, or est rank .by the most polished membersstraight-forwardthanaviaductonsolidBaolet, his:stand ready to fight at the next ; thetoofthe When Boou andonly paidpersonsgrandeur and beauty of which may be gatheredposed. It is simply a question of esti- sented to the will be in itselJ a mar- New-England are iacorraptible that they areliigh-—dafa, to know that the v*ters efWouldthe work isTaken Itea Victoria Potat, jnst bolaw a* aU that 1^:.'ttieywltb quarrel just enough to nullify' all efficient ac- even he—went to London, and the leadingtion, and let offenders go on in their Iniquity ? merchants hi the city drew up a "round of the growing conld be fully appredated. There, braaa, or w Oe gotta aerdM'qhitfM '''IB'improvementnmenae May-day forces npon our loco- haa aeasad,Vew that thawe have baa* MdHvednito^or at the flower-pota in the hoase-windows.world of sylvan beautyturf which brighten the roadsldea ;canexperhnenl on one of oar AVhs iiiii»The average time occuined in getting down motive population. Thanks to sometown, including that waated in walttng for ve- ous crime of our forefathers, the curse of the biales,orgoingafootindefaultofadianee WsnderingJewhaabeenfixeduponallNew-Tork orinbeingaaiockeryKrHavelief of a few hours in the Park must havequarters oi aa hour. la a few years the dis-tance will be doubled, and since the speed of doubly pracioua yesterday to the unfortunate step farther, and aaeoMe ttatnesssey.evefy advantage to residents, except accessi- corresponding day of last year. More well-con- was for—the moral and sooial bility. Any reepectabiy-rapid means of coni-waremany yearsold district of Southwark. Bha icould bettor gomiles into Jer-The numbera whofirst day of Summer were much larger than on theductedmunication would it the advan- not be. Tha admirable erder which prevails on ed by HnrcmaaoB wIm;however, likeleadlliyi^ yHiomeawere tKsre to listen to and towretches who had been hunted from east to west and north to south through the runy days of lastno boaiaees to «is limitedlikelytobedoubledalso. Twohoursanda thepangsandaorrowsincldeattoa wMck byMebckb, onr readersby law, the time is half to three hours in getting to and from busi-OneThe entire upper part of the island offersgive highesttage In this regard also, over the Long Islandand New-Jersey anburbs, since these municate with Ike business centreone, andtunnel under the North River, would Indeed might be made to disappear frtna American Cavlxt, of this City, and waa living with bha atSunday Liquor traffic,tres, would indicate a decided advance in the at this moment prosecuting half a dozea with scrupulous fidelity, impress themselves atthorough of the week.the Commonvarietyhand, to dragging daily he niade the and maddened througlr^oods-encum- by sharp fragmenta,;incipientsnytliiBg (Md«m yat sillily their.Ta^ qnestlooaUs praise afbetter accommodatedsohemes for improved city traffic, any one ofleads to doubt ifto trifleconfidence in the matter, either on •entre of New-York entirely convenient and utility and duty. Everybody feels that it is thereberedpace, on the other handand wholesome country lies like an impene- reins with undaunted determination, but aa the Imperial ; four empresses, including the EofOMmencedhe takes cate the hygienic necessity of rising from the tableat snul's with cut, pain,of (hekings there are four emperors, including the Ptiaeeing when this win be absolutely intolerable.company as have any inclination to lie there. Andi^'ldattTe to the establishment of an its and the CammoB Councilmen and Aldermen—some of Then a thorough remedy willindeed cost some- long youra Coofisrence. It was announced that fitting place with the Megatheria the Doctor's prescription is net only pleasant but lemnlty of river deeps too profguad to be atlnedbywould on Friday morning deliver Sauriana, and all the other preposterous mon- whom have actually been indicted by the thing. After watehing the ebb and—flow of the sensible. If one- is te rise from eating hungry breeze or keeLmatingfoimation of land and water which forms the cut off his moraing nap with that .rusty old sawadvantagesbeenthis most enthusiastic andof amateursdone it, and aided the owner of the horse tob'lid will be flying around thehav-^tiiat It is un-precedented that it would create new diffi- his beat, gave the best possible evidence of the of the Tribune will not be diaananged or diseaa-—the walked animal, patroloflf quietly uponhopedthat the editorial rooauarespeed practicable with either steam or horses Boston, will probably become the most popular. heart. He baa stadled Niagara as fnagaia <Instand against those two old dogmas whieh incul-streeu,looUag It waswotthy'thaatteast^flf .can determine whethsT only in the Central Park, however, that the glory to tfae'ftct that day Isthe aad lawns which areon slopes emergiag with human stomach. In any eveati^OM ilHy ii.com-by a most times, is a rich retura for all that we have spent riage. Miss UiaciB subaeqoeatlyonlyand disagreeableferries and omnibuses. A Long Island Railroad how easily all the scandals which now alarm our Bot aAny dispositionthe part of the Police or the Justices, would betent, by annihilating the space betweenthat claim, whether Oenaan or American, finest commercial site in tke world and the ting in the way of all the world and LOW. They speak of him aaThe few arrests which the Park.fouring down the main drive of the Park early in them»/art»- Baowautw^ aem. ^A FreBchmanhas been displayiag Ub in-mysteri-offeaeaaif;As regards the distinguished author ofthe saying that four hours ol sleep were enough most lastingly to the memory of the visitor ot Hia||early.themonth, the very thought of which is so enchant- others. Dr. WiMsaiP's teachings are much more the stately narrowing gorge throng wUah Hi •i^M'' '°-«^'' »»~° if their enfoioeiaent is forestalled by able as they call for will " lessen the chaneea of ing in mid-winter, seems to have borrowed with agreeable. of the western Uies forces Ik dsaeast to iha Stlate between the chills of November aad the heats is told of a Celestial wine-drinker whs was wont Ifjufllce 11done In Ota thla renehRMBBltet toallevent tainly at once the most timely and the most toler- to float a small yacht, liae and walk to his apart- be weU deaarvas 1» do, OM kOMc of bitaalat Ihaable ;sudden Summermetropolis. Everybody and evarything. Thetreea powers of imbibmaiv had a brass imsgecomplete bbNibI fcahiiw aTeortheCrattl«e.4|te tha haMse of the peopte. The hrmorviUba aardiahl sm, BorwlUBs chsimha 'i- 4taA^dy«nJMbiraaaaMlda»tis><hat«aAbad,Wheat were reported at partially te. should be react cd * Or, if a decision is Ukely ta follow it ^t all events, he nnst be an un- flow ot vernal foUage, The turf in p«nt-^ dty gnestdnakacapof wine a similat caffaUwas ceeminiar as wrtl as an appiaase af the eiiSle.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069appeal taken,argumentpetty(Untitled Documentwhich onovercame the The to teat these marvelous Emperor, deterailaiagpaatwalsrtUKK^^Hapuhwout ,the viawa expressed by Mi.faplatter.fin ofiwherdathewhether ia differlBg froa the gVfl—«fc|betora in the HebertoB tragedy, wUdi<i'Ts-—Theall their love of lair play and admiratko of tearaif by whomever maaifeated, the fseling ia the late fight waa predominant ia favor of that own eh^B-catedthat the"Benieia Boy"had thefellaw stodentbyPoor tal-*v»di*| moma inwhichheveat«edtoai^W»^l|hl.l|-9V'."^^Mr.BeRteMI>^ff>'-> la. artfclislands, viz.SEPBEBX was bom, the islands of St. Croix, BihBCanarying evidently hands. It ia to beroom,by spiritualvrith panoramicfidelity;:Martinique,The burnished livery ef the son, andyettherewereboBepubUcansinthoseIt isgratifyingNiagara aa It Is.One of the most accomplished members of the www.fultonhistory.com 