 i'son, whose travels were delayed for this purpose.It was but a few before the intendeddays depar-theareatfamilypapat.wMohwUlbefera—Ihave not lostOp- mangle, another comer.was. filled up with a staircase, having a rlnaal widsr it, and the fourth comer was adorosd whh a «ap>T^J2^^^^_^^jjjj|jjj^^yWy*t>-^^iPSMwlig^M°feiaenir. aetaiaHit thl iMiMfca,Ma there lay-.- "'j»ae this that fascinated the young heiress of Swin- WhneCastle, for tliis was Albert Hastings, the Indi^poomelect. Hewaafollowedintothehouse ftg^MaTalet, bearing his dressing-case.or maiden's honor. Here, then, for a divided life !happiestHe knew, lovely girlmnr- "Fair face, delicate featurea, eowplerlsa pa* aa'^which that goddess-like;aad whaa alt- the country around shudders atmy eiiaae, wbea all,.said the wosaaa, and of such little worth, and so helpless that I ble. The fear that in his absence somie accident Base obeyed, aad her mother, hiialag ha ana.iA fewbut in reality, upon my husband," shela lhB.aiitdMMf«f-tte *"-replied,,of Csssinove as hiseyes"toyourgoodmother. ButIhope,dearVUtXMWOBTK.CassUiove..lajr > year ag^i rad, Witt ao aOwr ttmsM,an- butdeUeate vinetreynded huspbossnidtioIns.I am your guardian youroAeo, with Imt, aieMtiMS gosh ot feelinf waa in- weeks of Us sbssBM hi Walaa,trtil&barid. tanaptedbvasaddaniash of baahfufaeaa, that fanpartaDtbaaiaeasfareadUm. tUmmr^^^^j|e wirM and d«c«edT« poNee- MulraU poMteUto oC tldnl-estatetoIter hnsbaad house,butIrequentlycamedowntoSwtaboroS Rose,tbstbetalanotaneovfakbie positionrMKonftonciTtUsadIt waa wkiie cliia«r nilinc Tanela were the„Mnattr; ttiraawh^ileYoung" a«taVd^p"Juatwhatitlikes, my d^r guardian,I amofIt wasborhood, while he was staying at therich are on the seMem for the benefit ;Elmer, leadhighope and iov,t__ mother's eottgi.,^.^flf aeeaa.^_ Kalwad iloMv jlovf araiT potiHc roodt^vel, Ssotpadsand have ato do what Iright please*•further on they reached thepecuniary cannot endure to,j out to commit theirthe ancient porter's lodge.under the lofty archway, and en-Rose. Shewaaafairanddelicate-. iTipaiitS^ mignarded trsTelerj>'<if l^ooittKe horeted aronnd oldhouse of Bwain- to transfer the Castle ofbeauty, small and loves hCT even the_ duet that every breath of wind, aadivehicle, raised ia clouds."^hoDt half-way down the lengfli of S^-atieet_^ b the morning of s lovelj day"'''"^ <-" »"'lika.^AnflMrr large groupd^ormeis for I shaU depreedng tiian flie lokA of thsaa aotfaaMi Jtot n.'Jlfcotn\»2t* ^Fva* MMh will b* late :ainalla"XnjiMr hwmlliil Broding,And I repeat I'^ve the right The estate is '~" acqutintance. Afterwards he contrived frequent- Indeed butJaded curtains, stood in the farthest comer.^^-^-. ^'SBBBMLobagMiBted,ed, followed by his secretary. dismissed the post-chaise,One of the groomswhile the otherto meet Rose in her daily errands;the An old Normanyon castle,much, dear.positethis stood a•'• .a footman in the"and white livery"her ladysliip know that I await her convenience.; itisa vast and ancient estste, with a historical name^tions,her mind asboard, through the glass doors ofwhich a Mai*Vhak weethinklii Ihii slililri jiiil for the same purpose."Lady Btheridge, I spoke not of legal, but ofly when no was near to throhuigsh village, and, eye spyaad the ruins ofan oldsaid her;mo- Saxon keep, have few attractions forhe would her in her walks. He found Albertjoin Hastings, with a view ofwhat Willi be keeping the tillage smith, as he from one of these surveys. wull the bridegroom be doon"not entailed."Kj ^^^fitfjmrmgm^'j't* vu^Jl :"^E^^^w^^»"*I^IPWW,'aodaty.who felt a Uiesewenes, would have pausedinterest in all to contemplateI^L"tts\°riSeTle^and hevrr stageduring one of these visits to the neigh-grateiiilcontrary, they are often, even iridle enjoying(till lurked itieets, to start forthand higtiwaymjn, nn-his employer urgedand they drove hurriedly past. yardspleaseArms, that Albert Hastinns first sawfortune ofthe heiress, incensed sgafaistseeratly dnaty,FWl n Ungered in secluded diately aroiud the castle.forfamUloi ihai the stnage ercots of oar storyinthan the an- cient keep, the ruins of which they had just•^f\^K anf" he asked, turning to an ostler, who had knocked at the door, which was immediatelymoral and social right. Bethink youyouth," discouragingOf course Ounnot he send down his groom to speak I in the house, vtith orders to have fires kin-and fame, transmitted cestots.""toaby longline of aa-^"TWWl the young squoir -wall Ibe doon 7Lady Etheridgeyouthe affianced husband of the "^noUheThen was agrate, and beside thte Cm, Ife -n cliair, sat a woman, whom no saawaoUWhy, mun, the young squoir wull never be Cassinove, my good fellow, you can stay here, I ^^ 'SttT at ndi a time," replied the ostlei; in con- suppose, until you are wanted," said Colonelwithout stall, andmustoncehavebeenfinelyraoriad•bakt*tones. Hastings, opening a door on his right to admit the ••v-^>i>«i.g*odJKibifun never coem at all. Theloikes yotmg secretary into a sitting-room, and then goingcastle,so many centuries. And for this__aiptaaas••''^(^iFM* eoea^^to manyonr lady, and lord it overbility of foregoing Ills splendid alliancewith thenowgreness.might once have been grandly beaatifa^. bntBewthey were aunkan aiM emaciated ss oC "t'tcs'a', L>byjtouched herheartwithprofoundgratitude. Afootmanoutofliverybroughtthebasket,and Andthewomansuddenlystruckherhaa«Htl«. WhenwuTiteverknownthataLord""^'"i^jJie,ofSwhiabanM,marriedwl' acummon- forewarningaaf Battwe^ ay heard tall that a house is done The apartment into which young Cassinove had;but thespiritAs usual with men, herepresentativebarony, I feel almost aof the ancient'V'^%Sti^\»h«nttftUsto the distaff," said an old laborer been shown was a pleasant, cheerful morning-veneration." seen the baroness ?" inquiredigwialiaiiai Chaae. ^M'ataU'eelialliHiataiidaboatit.room, simply but elegantly furnished. The great front window, reaching from ceiling to ceiling, and from side to side, commanded an extensive viewwith its of trees, its shaded grovesno more than I have seen the castle. verystrange,butmymotherseemstohavea fer/ect horror of the castle and ali connected with it- She never can bear to hear the family men-i. .f ,_.^j_.iiX«'thb TOBBgaian, was his late lud-Thenyoumu«haveyourwill. Cassinove, come hither, if you please. Your aignatiue is wanted as witaess to a deed."theof a poor village maiden.Day by day hisftS"^M^^J and wannft by his lateEvery hour not the society of his promised bride was de- voted to her At last, fearing discovery, no less forhimselltiiiin forthemaidenwhomhisfiiise%^t iyorar, addiBsang the smith, as these twoto throw anose was straight and well formed, her lips round-as it served bis pose of effectually keeping Bose Elmer from thefor a neiglibor, or the doetn.*•lawn, and itsspentinpaitlr A. that direction. And when the young Baroness rusty black gown and duwl coopletad hwAasa.Iyoungas he nevercompleted.Andthisis she heryour home," said, turning asked if the work could be doneher heart,aad seemed convulsed by some Her features worked frightfully, hsr dered.MBd, goardeenof the• aMhway kHo the street just as the window. 'live. Oh, that the man who is blessed with hera city agent he hired and friroished that obscure pale as ashes, and trembling mrigrtHac the ^ptoieh of the Bris-Cassinove paced thoughtfully about this apart-love may be worthy of herthe old Pagan privilege of opening the gates ofday,meetingItose, and conducted her torambled down the street, mf wkh snat noiee before the tavernit MaKT^ment, pausingthe to cottage"Better. Where have you."jtiabeea Ifood people, nam, here, roomI—a " -^ strange eccentricity at most, dear loreOldHastings,Immutably."orfr^ozy. Herjetblackl«»i»-.witS niter, was half cosessd wilkXsMithe elBgies «r,tha eMthe ttaSorhMwof Babil a. from in the purple satin robe&e only qno fa tha woiM to Wham tt^ d^SShair. His expression et countenance, in keeping intellectual brow and stately step open the win- Poor girl !fully.""But why should that be, mine own ?"" I do not know, unless it is that I am sohis seat in Wales—a ne*ly-purcha8edBut the thought of parting, even for so short a time, with the idol of his heart, was insupporta-#itaaetive to most young women, and perhaps it dreaded toas the needle turns to the cannot be helped. I cannot pause for lady's rightcan do nothing for you."of fortune of was intolera- stem, dsrk face, that that of tbe (Iri tislwsf bar might deprive.him her,.'dinand that he Cassinove,dared to occupy his layseveralrichly.boundfolios of rareand valuableto direct This yourreading.lovely spotit,Mr. Lovel ? Iknow,you verydreadful! ButyouareaotweR!—lataaiap4M- Bastings was immediately shown into his« tto lindoid stood bowing at the door, and London papers on that table." And, with a grace-secure her to himself a false by;aa those ofaiJk, hands,said^ Tf|rij^f*.r*rl"r. where he was soon joined by his "You are Colonel Hastings' secretary, I be-in whichhis confidential servant should persoaate the offi- bsve not let poverty spoil roar beauty, bars I, Biy. _^.marriage,InfancyiabnaalVtUlg for etdara."ful bow, the him, and seated herself lady passedlady-bride are to spend our honeymoon."And 80 saying, Albert Hastings took his hat, and strolled out into the street. Walking in an oppo-her and her fair hair fell forward and veiled bosom,her blushing cheeks and moist eyes.words. I" I have aotlet your peisoo grew eoarss with hardtts door in half an hoar,'' was the brief order ofon a sofa at the extremity of the room, took up a<M.Baatfaigs.youNo, mother-ftrbraikfost?"•• Anything that is at hand, only be quick."' Black tea, toast, broiled ham and eggs, ten minutes hadsued for about two miles. Then, turning to theleft, he entered a narrow, shady lane, that led himseated himself beside her, took her hand, looked into her sweet face with an expression that might"Yoor hands have never beea roo^ksasd by help* lagmeinthelaundry?"iMyouth agonyHow to undeceive hsr without shocking herhow to explain without estranging her, he couldnot tell. He perceived that the winning of this " Of honor. I should deem it the people call dowa lm|H«eatioBa spaa aar aaae.da -* Tea, yesme,"mu did ample jnstica.They had scarcely finished the meal before theupon imperial head, would, tlie tmgovemable passion afhis wild, Italian na- ture, have struck her dead at his feet, and gladlypaper to his must be the work of time and" You believe me, then, to be a man of honor ?" unimpeachablenot yoo corse ons wbo baa aeaiiued ya« at ssr bosom, when that bosom is cold ladBataa''aaU flawaa announced.The elder Bastings arose, sayingdied for woe.savedher from such unspeakableTheand footstools were all covered and draped withpossessing liimself of her hand, saidwoman " You have confidence in me ?" "solemnly. she U madyast-ehaisc— I am sorry thathavingrespondiag pattern.windows, sofa, chairs," " Oh"Albert, my boy,Who was she ? What was she ?He had heaid that Lady Etheridge had a young of exquisite workmanship stood on one side of thefeel a desire for a wider doubt Mr. Lovel ?" it,with earnest I am about to ask you tomotberIt Is I, your poor daofhisr Roes, thatetiquette does not admit of your waiting upon your belle mtiiTUit to-day, or seeing her until you meet her ift'tfae church. But au movr until to-morrow atSincerange of knowledge, though I think you altogether fervor.to eol-•antve."**e -f '^Pwhiuume.had been endowed.pirHsoftly,and stepping across the room to where the London,bymanythither, asHastings had written bei a note, signed, usual, powsre logic eloquence might child. But attend! Say to the baraneaa ttal Ifas-ijraiM,tiiis,myselfworthyofyou?H~q/~t'ifand those were kindled by the electric spark of love.that I wereto be so !" slie whia-hn signature to-day. I hope you • to maie yourself comfortable hers and night. Hake Levere see thatde rote. He cklled it " The Bower of Roses." It was, indeed, the bower of one peerless rose.happinessof benevolence. How happy, then, you must be 1" Oh,persd. "You are!• wisUaired. Good-bye.Come, Cas-Yet willbe own. An- you myui» Besidss.itofnature within the low, subdued tone in other good gifts besides his preeminently hand-she had a secret. kept their meetings,long, irregularfeetIn the midst of the pleasing p^n of this lovedream the door and the ser- opened, gray-hairedvant whom Ferdinand had seen in the hall enteredhndredenhnndlng, or a highly omate shop, hinted thatEtheildga, aay that ber old >ni*e, MagdaUaa B- mer—^"years,might pleased, exacting from her that she should keep her visitsYou Lady EtherMfe* saisa ^while here and there a sisart mod- improvement had found -out evenshe admit herself when she onlyPe——1 this ancient feudal village with suange in-ladysat,speakingsome and He had aprincely person. good head,as with of and thatThere ara many tUngs that youadenizen of the city,g8zed •»Too seem to be in a most contemplative frameyoung secretary,:t^>kin8of the changes that centuriesswered the lady, rising.At length a rustling was heard in the shrubberythe Wing and,» ivarks of his hands, theseThis woman, then, was Laura, Baroness queenly—a practice; a white-robed figure passed the window and lifted the latch of the door, and the next instant Rosewas thehoped. love which "casteth outtbat Ba IlsadalaaaaapMed(heelderman,mnsiacly.V*8pi«lT. Sir, you cannot r^ret that such a dan-•nens gift as irreq>aBBble power has passed out^HWr.pnasssiion," observed the ToiUfBr.; Icouldnotavoidit.is ailing, and we have an accession of worlt."" What has my lovely Rose to do with work ? Itbe safe in theworld »f senselessout in hitof betterthat cannot often be or even better men.^y^¥li} swiet nothing, eaeept (hat I^Etber- the portraits of such of the old barons of Swia-There she was attended by various deeply- ment with me." "i.w of to beenyo",j';a^rto?'»^"«5|^*<"» 'he aouth. The low 2S^J!f^ ihi^h ^^'- '^<* <*''! "ot 1"ite shut outLadyBtheridge,diaUy, took the bidicstedshould be returned to the castle thisto-morrowtheweddingis tocomeoff. Youare ownhome.acknowledge parentto his to oir column.. oo^Htta l^tal itleavetaffhcre,eaabsfoaBd.«alylntbeiHeaw-Tiock.^Srt?.HT.n ^l!TM^^l"^seat. The old servant letlred.evening,5Writth sfa««ns^.,^n, Sf?[""«.'"°«'ychase, Par^lhSFerdinand Cassinoreic window of stahied dass.Hastings^jgiiiMj «hsl!bU75iBatfhealli7t.sasaand!« 'besunny hills, shaay groves windin»withdrew to a distant goth-not of our or wou'd under- neighborhood, youThis was not at all that Hr.wished,iiiger, a! aU tbs Cltr andgroopa of &II0J deeriU ^nqect^ out real y, with studying scripturaltt. QOB 'a"*a^^Z °^ more than a mileS^'SmS!*^","'^ «> JIM IW caatJe, celebrated inall that passed at that centre table. 'There they sat, the guardian andcinatiiig manners, made some impression upon the bow bappy Lady Etheridge must be !"imagination of the secluded baroness. " shoaldthe secret marriage. And to this condition Mr.brought them to ancient, ivy.cov?r^hte '""rd. Inbe solove?" asked Albert Eastings, upon whom thaat last as there were agreed, eapeciallyInhistory. stor^, andMl^UqSiSwSntothe^^of thenassaalrma -JMMehesnM"Come, Caaainove, we hav(lO time for the past,;son. The calumnious charges me with having made the match between my son and my wealthy ward.your generous confidence, and executettiey took leave of eaehetharforafowl Hasthits si^hc bpnttaic,""Farewaa for the test tiaM,Bsaal_ ^SJe'^u^'swtab^ baroness must be very iiuipy to bring so vast an next we part I ahsU say, 'rtmn^'O^^dnWea, OarbasiBessis not'young girl, Laura ?—nttwvyi,gMU(ht,innmnee ri2??be^KSndS^o.?Sfc^£2e,was to take* Yon would sweet Boee,tbat this yooog say,tyMvef the preaeat oeatai^, ,^"1a-5'd'!Si!J'vloidIv on. fqr^t aaother mile, and suddenly of from the midst ofdeed intended accept it, wliat, then,butdoytoknow,dear myown sWeet "wife? ^.^poasetrioBs. Toungmy dearcsSfnpSnVlbic^et trees^which frowned the ruin, of the ancient keep, its olid masonrv now covered thickly with ivy.;""' ^'"^"-'^ ^""""^ wrman ? Wealthy heireaaes an apt to be wooed for their mmey, and the men they man^ and en-Sis venerable ruinbut agahi the impatience of the postiUion to greater speed,age own. Iwiththe;tobestowit not inBtheridge Rose illmer Levere, his valet, had sent his master's Unen to a laundress, and it had been brought home bvn fresbneMlpark, guarded by They passedtered upon beautiful grounds that lay morenian of aickly-loaUng fortune,whoIsresapennilessweman, inthewindowswencoveredwltLSwinburne Castle waa of later dateopened byofgray of Swinburne.lovely days, he,as her and in the course wish to see person, it.atore of earthenware shone.on, attended by the footman, to the library.How often we meet our fate without an instant'sheirese of Swinburne castle and ofmakingRoseof flowers. A rosery out- side the window adorned the frame, without ob- I it la ; and so they're to be married strncting the view of tliis grand picture. At thetioned,S}ie never would permit me to walk inWell, old Hast- kwNrlng 'vB, and made the match.': to thiiyoonglady.lake,parterres<d the houaa and yard rushedit, jeaHing ag^nat each other, chok- tt duplicated the world of beauty without.returned from the Continent. She shut the upaurts^ afb some liSiiob mr ntam. Bose, offering Mr Blal»You care Bttls fareteatingmuchannoyingWhile be stocd before the mirror,enjoyingand pleasure. The rural cottage in its thicket oftook me tn her arms and cried over ok as her heart would breai."though Will basket.idlfBi, and iianlng forth in peiion to receive the earliest bloom of youth. She was not techni- cally pretty. Bhe would not have been considered"Now, then. Lad; Etheridge," exclaimed Colo- pleased her unaccustomed eyes ; the beauty disturb you. Besides, it must besince" don't Mother,!facequent beamingher words.withthetruthand fervorof" Then Hastings,superstitiousftom the interior of the coach an soe'l"~^—Miygentleman,whsaetall,spareandstooping inspiredeepandlastingpassionsingreatsouls Andthebusinessofsigningandwitnessingthe her","any superficial observer waa elotiwd in a suit of clerical black, and are not tho.ve of wax dolls. Asher. Cassinove deed wasHush, gfrl, youhave little cause—oh P-a-pai^ tUn, loagby gazed uponher reflectedimage,gazedColonelHastingssecretary&ce." This isface was surroundedby Tuesday night, then took clear eyes, beaming with innocent joy, upon his and said that he would call for it then. It wasdroppedher head her uponand hisaad whiaken prematurely gray. He was upon her, he felt as though a goddess had sudden- leave, and left, the castle, to return to the Ethe- by a young man, whose Boman ly deseended amoug the flowers. Her form was ridge Arms, whither we must precede them by aoBve compledon, jet black hair and deep, above the medium height, and well rounded. Her few hours. 4aik eyaiL bespoke him of the Celtic race, while head was finely formed, and covered with a profu-" Mother!motherIwhat is ther n~Mi" p"Mndieas and subordinate could not positionsion ofjet black, glittering hair,that wssplainlywhen speaking to her.her dread and horror of the castle is peopleman in great alarm."It is—past," gasped the woman,witbgreat difficulty.tte ciace and dignity of his air and man-and swept around the temples, and wound into a rifhHsr lot is on —^woman's lot youMineImine I!Oh, it is too muchIWhat a throughtobeamonomania. CanIthis last he was such a contrast to his em-Ihat he might have been taken for a prince and massive knot at the back of the head. Her htood, attended by an old gentleman inii , Btoding, yon's old Hastings and hiswoman's so monomania," Let me runPve seen tm before doon here," saidlighta weary yawn, and began to pace thoughtfully up and down the floor, murmuring—" Nay, yon must ran somewliere else ! "issued from the coacti, and" Men think me a very fortunate and happy man, you."and, doubtless, an unusual numoer of good giftsBut the for which he had objectPeriiips.''this row, Laura—Lady Etheridge, of SwlataBas, ibe- faa the howing and smirking host into the house.and in her footsteps, there was a certain natural majesty that,-tMadaOBM person and haughty manner at once at-have been showered upon me bypassedcarriageof her head andneck,statelyThemaidenthe tears that were filling herrequested interview was not yet sccomplished, was not yetwhhAlbert not?""partedbroad, expansive forehead,Wherever theI look out of any wmdow I see trees, and shrutis,you imagine such a strange mental malady ?"ever hereyes were large, luminous, darkorbs, that seemed, whenever the long veil of lashes was lift-cheerfully ;spasm.It isgone."ed,ed, and, like all the rest, ftill of character.move, yet,magnet, he felt himself turning from the reflected"Sweet rose, you can make me theimageto face the He stood before that original.only,woiild never become his scruples,own,queenly form, and met those large, luminous, darkeyes fixed upon him in royal graciousness, as shethe lovely cottage-girl;only Lady EtheridgeandMihalwlk andsTsa bias aad ataar small aad I"By sharini; my home, my fortune, and my ciating clergyman, and which wss to be kept a se- chi"ld Vheart," ha whispered, landing over her. cret from ali, if he could only persuade her to take No, dear mottier, yon have let tiarlnias aaoraShe bowed her bead until her chin rested upon the step. It was not without a severe mental likely spoil me," said Rose, ia simple woadar at bar—objectredhair like fine vellowlieve. Sir. Pray sit down. You will find theBieakJaat. immediately, and the'post-chaise at" Tee, your honor. What would your honorlike After the profound bow with which he had re- soon reached a cross country road, which he purstraggle that Albert Hastings had gained his ownportfolio, contents.deeply engaged" Answer me, sweet Rose. Willhe asked, seeing that she continued silent.deception;T"notwithstaadtag Oat I oaghttoha**lay it at herhaddying, _Ji4i fa»e»er the same," replied the the air tumbled all about him, and buried all hisI, h*man,Etheridge of SwinburneFor ever and for everttungnurse, {ffajs—say, iliwsanna to ass hsr tbto—heimme- byallsheholdsdearonearth ofgnrely._(; (ha liaaahiwe changed since six cen- stunned the he hadsweet RoseIt seems an age since I saw you !" exclaimed:>ailn tjgg, IS^M^ die foraialhers of this villagewav the bom rsMiils af the lords of Swinburne ^Mien, if a Bsron ITlkisHar rriTntrii the possessionto take it, and aettie-OkB claim of Sis other by knocking him onhopes and aspirations in itsfaU. made,!!againatHeaven! all ber by«rapoenr Dsl^iber, hehad onlyAafaaad. -<TheglaryofIchabod has departed 1"' like a man in a state ofcontented himselfyouthfrU company. He had fixed her permanent eleven. You are late."Tnen she pleaded hard"Mother"—;long weeks,tried to improve them," replied Rose, blushing.provideriage with himself would effectually do this."to-nlg^tyour bonnet andgo !"!Tosis, getand was soonsite direction to that taken by Colonelhis drive to Swinburne Castls, Albert Hastingsnor was it with-turned her courtesy, Ferdinand Cassinove re-and too ignorant to tie your wife. Wouldit weremained motionless where she had lefthim. But"No, motherthough they ought to have bsaa."since she hadin among the flowers, and passed him like a vision" beguiled angel,Dear Rose, you have known me now intimate-" work."and anything else you like, only seen in some beautiful dream. But tenoverhanging trees. Taking a key from hishe unlocked the little green wooden gate, andfor some months. Have I ever in word, look, or act, given you offence ?""No, good mother;"Ist us have it now,".ieplied the gue8t,cutting short and life, the world, himself, were all changed forpocket,I have been as nafhes as s- tlne lady, to my sbaroe."Missher first attendant at thewith to act as her,a chiffoanier of the same with a material," Because, sweetretary,Miss Dorntoninto a sudden blaze rank, and, perhaps, ofworthyEtheridge." "The baroseaa^ ^Dear aaotoer, why does yearunattainable by UrnIOh, despair!His castle in While stillcreeds,Indeed,!•,by discovery"elapsed:with alook and a gesture which FerdinandaaMiad^lo ttanafix the garrulous host and strike that his fate must tske its character for or imder the vine-shaded and a second" No never !" she ! oh, no !" And I have worked hard to spare 70a from watk,Aa>fUofihie,betweenkey, opened the cottage door, and entered at onceinsurprise. in me anything unworthy of a gentleman ?"and was gaccaederi by the head waiter, who came in i.tiSriaidtheclotb, and spread upon the board aroyal-looking"marriage. neverbowedandupon the room the only largeWhyask me ?"south of the gatea beaming smile.for men" and from which it took its name. The alien ?"passed,building was a double quadrangle, in the form ofHe is not of your blood."He is more. He is of my heart, and soul, anda^'^''°yo» idlers gatheredtfOaUiaridge Arms, a quaint old tavern the letter H, and having towers at the four ex-'• "izedlimeetone. could be Nottdngri«t Httto tomi of tfwinbume, situated tremities.the most jkturesque sod Deautlfnl coun- Behind the castle arose the thick, impenetrablethere can be no question of mine and thine be- and elegantly turned. A simple soaw Iwnnet tr^li'A'S^ oYllSS^sU^^tfm"^green thing grew near iham, not a foas af cnoad intervened tietweeo tbam and tta te^tJMat ;.the doors opened immadiateir opdn the sWalk^andnotabitof < passage protected t)|e ptefcjfc»WestofSigland. ^ . ,were standing witlim the arched gateway,woods bordering the chaae open; before it lay atween me and Albert. The deed of gift that trans- fers all my possessions to my future husband isshsded her sweet face, a plain dress of cheap blueginstiam fitted her and a perfisctiy fanltlessfigure,tion of her mother's customfromther««tr« i.^IJ if, throughSf!cha^„°Sishould leam nissmiling landscape, diversified by parterres of flow-What ofcommunication.BossElmerlet it be executed. He sha^ then never that looked sbong eooagfa and old enough lake, shaded by overhanging willows, and adorned •be jealous of his wife's riches, for she will comedryh«l not left it.the solid misonry ofthe side'% taiB tfaoaa of some ancient keep, and by a flock of graceful white swims.eldn time, when might made right, and man's house was mdead his castle.ttelr looks sad coqisetaatiOD, it was evidentofannaoal importance was ez- oS.made out_Bg againstte bet, had done good serrlce as detmces,;with^vimple grace.and de- wasUiefrom the street into houses.ers, groves of beautiful trees, and a small, clear An exclamation of delight broke bom the lipswhite muslin worn mantle wasdwellers. Anyintradereaali'MeyA.ok theke^iag-iaaaMaf>Aeasbeauty,right to transfer this estate, even to your hus-band," demurred Colonel Hastings, who, however,did not seem really unwilling .3 accept the sacri-fice.— acastle.It isIsigei: 'cMasigrt- scanty fandtni ba»fell upon this scene of now lighted up as it was by thehelpof these cottages that Bose Elmerexceedingglorious sun of Jane.They drew up before the central transept that connected the two long wings of the castle.Two grooms in waiting without, immediately came forward to attend Col. Hastings, who alight-But, I repeat, I do not know that you have theHe se-Rose,yon latch,andenteredatonce aShow me into the library, Williams, and letof a fewhigh-bom Lady Etheridge,Oh,butformeit has the strcogest attraetiona.fire in the old armbut the faces that"Oh, but the did not know it waa from the castle.graysnd rosesthey glanced.In the"loveliest rose of all.longperilous neighborhood of the castle and chase.pur--Best came forth a young gentleman, whose•.Aadlad attention. His form was tall, and The made the enthusiastic esteemed the hand of this wealthy young baron- lover, going to her side.(eaeTal impression upon"Mr.Lovel. AndIdonotknowhowills On the morrow be was to ding, nothing vlllsgseven in awould haveherthe favor of the not the least among them would beeven allude4 to; and how to introduce it to this—-' -ftltb pNimrtioned, crowned by a haughty head heart of Ferdinand Cassinove was at once vivid, ets, my bride expectant. Well, we cannot havepeasant's dress, one of Nature's queens.provedpure- evendearand talks of else. Theand — strong quickOh ? because are much too youto it is, batas everything we want in this world, else sweet Rose sun-painting,perma-she little dreams that the man who has with his whole manner, was stem almost to re- dow and advance into the room, and as she ap- wooed her, under the name of William Lovel, is venast severity. Great beauty of person, with proached him he felt his whole frame thrill with a really Albert Hastings, the envied bridegroom of 7M|Bt dignity of manner, forms a combination very strange emotion of blended pain and delight. He the high-bom Lady Etheridge, of Swinburne. Ityour altar, and, after the marriage ceremony, he was to very kindness to me depresses my spirits dread- depart with his bride to spend the honeymoon atof the bride as she comes—thsy love bar so welL'' "Yes, the is a high aad mighty lady : ysl^ swsst and gracious ai becomes ose so exslisd- CeaseMii iie€L with high aquiline features, fur and fresh- l—iyhiillin, light blue eyes, and very light, flaxen nent as sculpture. He saw this goddess of the Elmer only should be the wife of Albert Hastings.,'deep,Cassinove. He felt, from that moment, passing goodevil irom the will of thatwoman. foreseen the!!andwhich royal personages are addressed, saidaarer ._kBe«^ toTCouldhe haveshould she inquired, with astonishment.couldTnis room was fitted up with a simple elegance in strange contrast to its humble cliaracter. The rude aabetantiil breaknst, to wtiich the hungry travel- soon to burst her he in walls were covered with s delicate of a sil-^_,^B^]aB>ilotddisappeared,Infatuatedlong and terriblebong had been ordained to suffer, and which wascottageboast.Never, oh,Iyouwill try to repay yon."" Think trfall &at to-monow, oUIdDornton, stayingapproaching marriage.room.;!dyingDl>bt!but one objection to the secret marriage her duty that the mutt hear to-aMit or aever! Coejora her—You also, Sir, are wanted," and left the room manner duringHsr"to her he said, duty mother,"was tovant approached him, and said" theirin lest thev shouldher.to precede his lady to theLady Etheridge passed on with her stately steplibrary.and gracious smile, and young Cassinove followedHe hadwith seeloding the youthful baroness from other"You got my letter, dear girl.that this mother shouldimme-have theBwinbume, with its vast dependence, to au snowy complexion, faintly tinted with a roaeatemore deeply that she depends everything."with itsinconsent to this act ofout great hesitation that he broached the subject.At length, when he found courage to speak, he worked with you, and for you."old"But,Laura,"Hastings,lected henel/, paaaad, and blushed deeply for turn to h« ;friend.This, then, was Hiss Dornton. And who waa Fer- opposite side. Upon a rosewood table in the centregirl,Ay, I know you well, and I know what I mj,' re- my peatedthewoman,aoleaimly."Motber! oh, vriiy do yoa talkaowBdlrT It toflaa nOI, at least. Sir, convey my profonndest» to the £iir Inide, snd my deepest regret thoughts with Miss Dornton? A young man of prints. Over the chimney-piece hung a mirror) eamiat receive me also to-day," said Al- obscure origin, left to the benevolent guardianship that gave back the reflection of the wnole pretty of Colonel Hastings, who had defrayed the ex- room, which was in all reapecta fitted up as a*j, certainlv; that is understood. In- penses of his education at school and college, and lady's boudoir.doBOt ber laayshin would deign to be seen afterwards taken him into his family as his private This lonely cottage had been rented and fur- 1 me, her old guardian, were it not that ^er- secretary. Yet all of Italy's genius, passion and nished by Albert Hastings as a trysting-place for eeawants, reutiva to the transfer of my poetry smouldered in the heart of the young sec- his love. The whole air of the room was couieurshall be " What isour study, and you shall meet me here daily, while would not ask me to do anything the least wrong, "•a of ladyHere he bad beenhis visits toworthyof a monarch's lovs.Toothonibtt ao ran upon the barooetat WtaatJaabatoto meet But here, also, Mai with tUe abnipt leave-taking, the elder of his love for her he would win wealth, distinc- let it be clearly understood, he had respected theof mine swer, sweet girl."if she were notGive him time, and, under the iaspirationof his affiancsd the Rose of his secret thoughts.a document that tay before Urn. Stheiidge,that sosuperb figure, sat opposite, wkh her arm care-i."y» * '."ff'y*«I—» mf^am foitoaala Kr.aiadrrwith sachTsaibetable, and her fine face raised, rapreasioD joy irradiatingpable to eaanv so muchbeverThappT to him."thelynd years withan of herA nVIDID UFB. test TftrtJifcxiil five be- M had diedlessly resting epoa countenance.npea l^oSTaf.^TovrSd'X^HHSS Bast ^ettta eysof herlovarfized vpoDher -fnte. leuiathEwl^ daagMer, Laura, sole heirsMaf all Us vMtgaiad wKh deep faiterast upon this gray chntdl,lUtaGolaBel Hastings recalled his aUea- tienhytajliic:to be hiwith ndeht sdnrindaB, and she suddenly recol- aniateeanaQBy. AitaririiUi]with " diis noble liberality, I must say, places us in asaid Col.a look compoanded ot pleasure and perplexity,to icnalnmother, 4___ _ «wof this whole husband, snd he would the world say ?"estate tofor aburne, aUen."rightexquisitely formed, with regular features, and a bloom upon the rounded cheeks and plump littleon himnfY^'f');,? '^i' "^^ 'TM« " f*!" of «11 ««>. <"An alien 1Do yon call my husband an 'anda of profoaionhairSim L?t.:^^?^'?'"'*lievedl^ comingfrom stoodarowoflowstcoe^''" transfer ?"anddark gray eyes, that bomed" "of leverstreakedhandkerehief, tied^ beneath her chin, ami fallen in elf loeks<down one ride of her focatthat had passedend of this room was a spacions mirror, how this woman can love this woman whom IAs the dooropened, sdinittingBoae, the temdalsak afoppositeHailMBt Cooae alone wi' I; here's that filled ap all that part of the wall, and reflect- could worship, nay, whom I do and shall worshipin ber chair,fierce Inquiry upon the intruder." How are mother dear T you now,sometimes at the window to gaze upon the beautiful scenery of the lawn, and stand- ing sometimes before the mirror to admire the poetic taste that had placed this glass just wherethe reflected landscape, suddenly among the roses You glided a purple-draped female figure, that immedi-walk,bonnet,"aids.I lw*a WMtedmagnisfhioceunltdyour1KrT-heyretuMdtothstillagebyd^' BsaHnp ««nt to hls?S^ sidceofidentialsaiTant to kfefoil of to herIt wss a narrow,thewomanwhohas tnem underaheavy Therewaanomral placedaboutwith But, Lady Etheridge, t do not itnow that yon,"the last baroness of the ancientobligation;tyit.to nim as poor as a cottage girl," exclaimed Lady Etheridge, with a pure devotion of love flushing her cheelt and lightmg her eyes.quiet appearance,portion?I tell you. Colonel Hastings, that ancient and vast as it is, with the historical celebrity that it boasts, handed down to me by a long line of illus- trious barons, ss it has been, I, the last Baroness Etheridge of Bwinbnma, value all this not one straw,except as I maybestowit uponmyhus- band," replied the lady, every feature of her elo-k^owthe village laun- and old families, and most especially for this old ofLady Etheridge, are you resolved upon this" Oh, no It isheavy- black eye-brawiLauborimn. _Young Cassinove started. He had heard all;—1he cast shout for some means of meeting her in secrecy and safety.—my hand to the lady of Swinburne ^my heart tomen. You, and you fervently.bycharacter,murmurag—the Intlde of a conch-sInU,must never know of Rose Elmer and William Lovel, nor must Itoss Elmer know Lady Etheridge and Albert Hastings. And now to persuade Rose to go before me into Wales, where myself and myin to a secluded hidden from glided small, cottage, nearlysight amid climbing vines, clustering shrubs, andotherwise, and I were more worthy of the station have an and said;Nor have your sweet eyes besa qnUed hr aaadto*minutes,ly;painmi somnamfoulency.Theycrossedthegreathalltothelibrary,which residenceinthedeepretirementofSwinburne"j 'deriy,obstinately,was situated on the same floor. It was a great,antique apartment, richly furnished and storeil withthe literature of all lauds and ages and adorned with gomery, the widow of a clergyman.gssintaime, .camot add her park that bume as had distinguished in the councils or atwithdrawhisfrom powerful protection him,Close discussion. The guardian,spare figure, and thin, pale face. In BtMitW ^aOBinghis wall-cultivatedOMBt*^ and brilliant conversattonal powers so and alanninf effect.aeriooa dlfficoltles his very attending^raat''Wv'j'j with his solemn suit of black, sat'*''•-mind,variouswordsof the a,. , ':oflofty but mUoredhiide were gohig to spend thetr tooialtaae.and cbancMitoadff^««.^and ttood,apparently,ture,while the heart of the heiress was youngOur lady.LadyEtheridge,ofSwinburne,isabouttobemar- persuadeBoseElmertodesertherailingmothercooDtrySi*rtbeNew-^StMgar Mayelated with the prospect of seeing foreign coun- senses pretematurally shaipenedw the excitement tries, that Albert Hastings was introdneed to hor. of his heart and brain, compelM-io hear and see His handsome person, dignified presence, and fas-;said"that thmketh no evil." she advancedTell ber tbat I to ban a eea'sarioaLadywall became her KherUge tbODght Ae had «tt ine mn ci BH. itaritotslsfdaat soWmI,myAnd now. Lady Etberidgs, should you persist in risge^whlchworldalreadymy all, only effect,——tldnking ieeling Oh,heavenspassed through Sainbume on her way to BtistoL, to embark fur the Continent, and all the village turned out to see her, my mother pulled me intoaiideatr laleiiaiHeil the smith, start- ed the whole of the landscape commanded by the as the guiding star of my life, so long as I shall . Through the help of a confidential servant and the house, shut the door, and fell into a chair,I hsps jwi feel in better spiriu 7" said Bose, laari^ aff Marlife, and eacapmg its torturesHastings' 'summons, and went up to the table, where he was presented to Lady Etheridge, as —givesurprise,; itwasthesightoftheysungBaroness,"My secretary, Mr. Cassinove, your ladyship." " I have seen Mr. Cassinove befose," said the la-;nel Hastings, spreading out the document beforepoetic soul, preparedthought Lovel,CHAPTER XL TBI T&J.ITOB.with a grave tenderness that was natuial to him the approaching wedding. Indeed, I think tiist claimed Bose, throwing her arms around— Still to make Idols, and to find them clay."getting thecauaeofAnd weep that wasted worship—therefore pray HzHAirs.!the room it lights upon some lovely object, and if" I cannot. It is a mere whim of old No, sweet,"Whatwasit, dear!"— wherever Her Mr. Albert Hastings arose, stretched himself with with delight.age or illness," replied Albert Hastings,for he cared very little for the cause of the lanndry-" A" Oh, mother, will it return ?"Colonel Hastings had scarcely left the room ereeverywhereexclaimedblind goddessheartedwaa athatperplexedSorely,!and to the woman's comingIAndoh,thatIhadcottagehe invited her for a" every probably."He obeyed Coloneland watch its pretty room, fitted up with all the elegance of a lady's boudoir,Noam sure. It was the same when Lady Etheridgetall, flowering shrubs, he stepped porch, applyingreplied,very wliite ground, and with running roses over it. The floor was hidden under a neat carpet of a cor-girl purposegreat petience. He returned to hsr side, and re-—mad !" azclalmed Bess, !• Sweet love, I did not mean to hurry and dis- Perfect confidence. _0b, why should you dismay, at heartag these words; sod tt^ teataawhite lace tressover pink damask. A rosewood piano you.small but choice collection ofbooks, stood on thetoyour mind the treasures of literature and art, and honor?"of confidence in greatproof youraccustomed, diuing— -*—theThe Hastings fixed their residence af'their townroses, fioweiing shrubs and trees, and the pretty He barely touched the white hand as he bent room, with its gems of art and literature, affectedyou"No Iwantnoneofthem.dy, kindly holding out her hand.nay r exclaimed the landlord, dispers- ately rivetted his attention. It was a woman in before her. EUs own turned cold as ice. her with many delightfiil emotions. The novelty symptom of nervousness, perhaps. Do net 1st it me."Hastingsvrorfc, have I, dearalready wooed and9MtiB(t, attended by his secretary, left the house, tion, a glorious name, and lay them all at her feet. honor of the humble maiden—not upon any good cottage in the wood. Rose Elmer proved an apt honor, upon him, and silently placed her hand in have so lorg looked upon ss your mother. It aOl b»fortune won !Oh,theneighborhoodbride,*-worthycontinued in the neighborhood, they met at the Bhe turned her eyes, full of grateful love and " Hush, Rose ! and for once obey one 1!I'aad aateied the poet-chaise to drive to Swinburne If this passion was sudden as it was re- principle, perhaps, but loving her with all the ardent, pow-scholar.She had the solid founda'ion of bis.the last time I wlU ask yon to do se. DaaaMltob»admitted In the presence of the baiisiass. ftar tgrmember that Peroinand Cassinove was of the er of his selfish heart, and resolvedTheir wsy lay through the principal street of Celtic race. Yes, fie would win the world and her his own forever, he abstained from any free-agoodin-seal-Aayaled houses, seme of them dating back manydom that alarm her mightestrange her heart.Albert Hastings, the only son of Col. Hastings,of HastiDgs Hall, Devon, and of Portraan-square,nearly— ventnn to retoaa yoo. when you alaad ba#aes Lafrvillage, betweenrows of anti-and art. When he left the neighborhood beleft with her a duplicate key of the cottage, thatupon making delicacy, and, perhaps,Hastingsyou have come upon a matter of Ufa aardSak, mat-AJbert Hastings had always been designed by Elmer stood within the room. \his father to be the husband of the wealthy young the old ser- baroness, his ward. The crafty old man had taken"to her mother. But this argument veryall her hopescare not to the bringyoung people together childhood,any grow up as brother and sister, without thought of IHastings, rising and-meetingconethatcould daikea a woman'slUe. io°<>|^^'a dearer relationship.It,appointed tenICastle, where she remained, year after year, underIKoae, vrin you obey *• Mother, yes, certainlythe care of a distant female relative, Mrs. Mont-bat;let ibut this was a particular«• place Elmwood, because, forsootti, the up- the battles of their nation. At a wriiing-table tresses, all very discreet and elderly, who had occasion, you know. There are visitors staying againatlearned mssten and highly sccomplished mis- Ah, no, Mr. Lovel«a(t feUow that owns it wiM not sell it for any near the centre sat CoL Hastings, who arose with beea sent down by Colonel Hastings to carry on at the castle, in anticipation of the wedding to- him. Then Rose ceased to resi8t,-onlytkat a manewa man would pay." the stately courtesy of the olden time, and set auSXnSweSinto the*— '"—•-Jif.lTi'."TM^'^ *« comer of «he village street, chair for nia ward.beautiful road that JSj,S!r«»i^P*"'J^ countryIafter greeting her guardian cor-she should Continent,a in making the tour of the spend yearin with her guardian a'ld hit companyMr. Lovel should be ready tofor his wife, and take both beraelf andher astheir subsequentfavorite pro- where he and wsyoung travels over theLady Etheridgehappy,HastingsDur- Continent, accomplish-Whydearunconscious girl produced pcbifhl ject sending her to Wales,Untitled DocumentIlast ? Albertdiately seized, and used on ms own side.fearsnlghtt TeU berif she would escape the beavtortIj" It is two Mr. Lovel but I havefor her in her old age. Her mar- suppertme—tooometotoeat aaceo&'I'o'clock as our hour ofIt ia now after be at once admitted into their confidence. Ten- ,her education. At the age of eighteen she first morrow. There was more work than the laundry- met Albert Hastings. It had been planned that maids could manage, and so a large quantity oftheirwith her mother, who needed herhe care reaUyeiimaoned oer foir aOenced. her Upa, and cheeks,left all ber beanttfol thoaghta tiospoken.for theThey returned home to DreDsm tm t).. •«.•pale golden rippling treasee fromparted forelieadlips,andof infantine whiteness and smoothness. Unlike Sfskr^oughf- those of the girls of her class, her hands and armscofaM,waved off inspirit, as I sm of his. Oh, Colonel Hasiings! were beautifully fonned, and her feet} were small o^'.'^t?,'thi^UZr.?'«'^'^«"lT,Her Toica waa soit and low, tier mannerreal name andself-possessed. Altogether,Withaomehesitationhetouchedthe" subject.her humble faultlessly lady-like.It was before one of &e meetgarbHer beauty fascinated Albert Hastings.The custom of the castle will be a greatfmlamlis^'iklM paosed^Bltodtiiwspiteoffice,Elmer his wifetoo strong within Iiim.deceived himself as to hi« motive, and said that a sense of honor prevented him from breaking with Lady Etheridge, though, strangely enough, that sense of honor did not hinder him from seekinglovepassion for the sweet Rose grew.aH^tlrloveimperiled,chamedher this had beenand the by Williamthat all and forleaviagher, now she takes work from the castle."saythat Tondonot1 much I love you."m the and one wood,limb." Itwassomethingelsethathaaaffectedher,her aeffects. AsheusheredRoseintothe"she whispered, in a tremulous voice, and with a deeply-blushing cheek.I, Mr. Lovel;how can I make yonhappyI"whits,her and menuudiscovered ber dwellinga narrow, unsightly street of the villagemade an excuse to call there and settle his Isun- the chase, although I have so much dedred to do dres^ bill. This was the commencement of their 80."less-looking room, whosebeen already covered with dust in her coa,se carpet covered the floorcretlyin much too for poor cottage, farliimselfdeeply, passionatelyin love with thealwaysand the noble race that have owned women commanding presence Hetfoafwa*}be mine ?" " Mr. Lovel, I am too lowly-bom, too humble,"that you offer inaudible voice.she murmured, in an almostyoulovely as you are, I myself will become yourteacher. It shall be tssk to mydelightful!of csn do this," he saidandhands, gaxed upon—" you."aliswae A.it^forof ambition was the last and solewhen only in counting the linen that my mother found it out. She did the work, sir, bat she has been ill you conseat to share it with me," he answered, ever since. She cannot bear to hear a word aboutbeautiful placeeyerovesmyhome, sweetRose,andyours,rosss!" sheIt is the bower of roses, love, and you are theI shall call thiscottageaftersuddenly put up"Why does my darling weep ?" inquired herHasiisga HalL Itlaaa,lBit mother, the vUlace Is ftiU «,lowly,grovrlag more straage tn her talk.opengiveI sm sureI remain in the neighborhood. Will you do this, and so I promise, that whatever you ask me to do,sweet Rose?" " To educateI wiU do."" I aak you thea, fair Rose, to prove your confi-Yes ; you most go for soaas oaa. Tea i the eaalle tbla aftatnoon." asid tossame tone of deao gravity."To the eastte! I meOer!' anrpriae.to be moreOh, yes, Mr. Lovel. You almost distress me with dence in me, by placing your future happiness in kindness. But I have always heard that the noble my care. In a word, will you be my wife ?"and good draw their liigbest from deeds Rose Elmer flashed crimson." Yea, yon mutt go to the eastte, and when ye*- get there, aak to aee bar who caUt bsiaalf LadyYes, Mr. Lovel, I will come," she murmured, ia low and gentle tones, blushing at her own temerity in saying so much.!And thus it was arranged.And daily, while bethe tees so one !"already commoneducation. Albert"troduced her to the world of poetry, belles lettres, ing those words with a burning kiss.ThelltUe oidsao-. depend upon women. It is not our nature. A side, and the fewdo not go on errands to and from theuponand ha Oh,no I ;haveneverevenseenthe castleor—a rhnanvailed the only window. A tent bedstead, wMiof foandSwinburne, I do Bot the reason, but I havederingble of Rose Elmer, the daughterdress. He even sometimes dreamed of tl^ possi- feadalpaasedsecond UkA. Bha was a-a .feltbum- the very deepest veneration for ancient buildings havsyoung baroness, the last of a long, long line of ancestors,worn thin, almost to sfealeMK Ma- features were nobly chfaria^and''I" I have beena walk the taking throughhave uneasily.youdeath. Under her broad aad1;andshe made an exclamation of intense astonishment house, and would not see her pass by ; and she strawberries I picked forherhands to hide eyes.< diplomatic powers. have beea employed all day In bearlag Humia to good me, lead the Lady Etheridge of Swinbume to the deeerate the csstle church, and to strew la Ifes aaflkgirl,difficultyHer nurae, mother Before coming down on this last visit, Mr. enough to say that he was a man of society, gifted pri"se." My lady, Cc^. Hastings's respects, and he awaits and originally a good heart ; but he had been " William Lovel," and appointed a meeting with have swayed the councils of a nation, to say no- daleae Elmer It dvlng !"*Ik to ymrf<your ladysUp!" well, Williams Verythat the wholeand allwitUn it,had beenand she and liimwithherwholeheart. Hefound Her's fear,"perfectcruelbefore youSay to Lady Etheridgego and say to Colonelmorning, Cassinove," said Colonel Hastings that I will attend him immediately," an- createdworld, for his ownsides, handsome, fascinating, wss a!in the library."spoiled from Ills youth up, in being led to believeD "Child, bear my words, bat do aot jodgansaar;her at the cottage. And now he had come tokeep the tryst, and be sst in the essy chair, im- private use or abuse, if he patiently consulting his watch and glancing at thepleased.fully credited, it was, at least, thoroughly carriedOh, mother, do not aay aeYon are sot sick to bsd—yoa an ritttag—And if this selfish creed were not now window.;Dear Rosedo I see you!Oh,yesMypoormotherkeepingstand what a event that is to us greatbut neither nor could convince or logic eloquencewhen papsiB' an seH. Samaaaber ef «•"d*";andmeeting. '" la aot tieas.wl«s are leave her alone :" thoughtshould not have prevented her keeping an appoint- I'linen was sent to mother, with orders that it my;Ibut wouldeven turn hispolitical influence^ iJIstipulating marriage she should still remainaervieea, untila thousand tests ofItwlstfally, cittleaHiy,ble.that this unlessshewasmadetobelieveherselfhiswife. His now was to silence her andHe suddenly dropped her hand and walked tothe window. He had not meant anything likethis. ^Ket the innocent village girl had naturally " In all this time, desr Bose, have ever seen so"d to pay for your schooling, have I not T"mistaken liis declaration of love for a proposal of youYouhavebeentts beat motherintheworld,andoelytoogoodtome. BatIa profanity to question that. Why, then, do you ask me ?" she repeated, with increasing wonder.me ash'inquired,Inglect yoaiseli !kneels beiore yon. Do vou not know me T*"tryMineown!"exclaimedAlbertHastings, Now came the most difficult part of his under-tsking, to which all this had been but a prelude to persuade her to a clandestine marriage.It would be tedious to repeat all the arguments he used to reconcile her to this measure. It is!thing of the mind of a young girl. He was, be-" Dyinathat aftertoitrad b»fmotbediu<emoMt^XmM ^^^^^-^ fint her itept Id the tneasMS-'"The^iS^n. siLgf this sjery ttrtiabs IThs kwband in love simple villsge girl, loving, esteemingconfiding mthe task easier than he could have'"ried to Albert Hastings, Esq., son and heir of CoL and open no other condition than that of being al- JOBHastings, of Hastings Hall, in this county. Ah, lowed to remain with her would she consent to itleaveacfbeiwstory,he refused this ;telling herIndeed I fearher aafe toproperty.kneel dowa before yoar face belweea aiy handsso tbat I take maybutthat their secret would notof a sick and nervous woman, whose reaaon, fromall that he could hear of her, was evidently totUr-ing ; and that if that seciet shoald be discovered, to slay with yoa wnlle I "° «°»* ,_ ,_, _, . bis proud uncle would net only disinherit liim,|try, ritvsBfly lUuattated,eottsfea,everything else, with a sulfocsthigdoat af aatver-quicklyfixinghither,glil,ms, •"it was Herdear motherhere you;see, eat them 7" saidHasthigs,ofDear mother, you have'.;:her she " MoUier voice, said,'.U Ukely that she girt, a perfect stranger, thltdajofaU—ber wBh eyescooceraa her sad *a wU Mfr ladvaUp; lariat,"I never knew that before," hitemipted Bess to s«i»-'.r You are not old either, but ban manyysaii af mbOh" me f""^S^td«C•"• Koae, to!wUl ind as ewttK^saaf toa!^40^.:;{wlU see SBoear.byof to corns to msto- HeU! -%.^ Iwww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 