 "r'-\to•onor are the as to the-or else was prepared to submit to the defama-M|(Wteontese troops mto the Legations.tor, have ndstaken the age they live in. "How men for the and - "reports." many eajoy yean repn- outrageona aggnrrated miUmmam-^_SiMXBoa, the diatingoished Fox a time it was urged, especially by the if he ventures outside them, and is knockedis almost as impossible to awaken any interestin the among these very people, them- subjectthe character and reputation of two pure aai^olfen- should make no imfression;a'iaj^; theytaton -v^U^awith the consideration of private bills, ofThe treaty with Mexico would benefit the manufacturers of New-England far more,is theof such a measure as the It ia pretty sure toPetersburg,fTBfea ''Jr;.^i.,_^^:^!SCeord file 8^017 Of fMod|« j» .Mr^rttMi of «Uh dMnut bj j(iM _ ^u Tiwunoriethics,intheUgUof«MI(fiflu^jtlMafirof teaa,whohada^md«*rn& ^^^t^««"*1»«w»to.».oofc#f Pr**t Chiiatian moiaUliy"palasltaiaeAetaalftna.'! Inquiries vreie made. Qea. So9n naeaDed mM^t^^lMFapne. we can then h^JSh'T-iws-y-''.force,a^mt:for Jamaica at Calcutta, iiad reportedare those who suffer most.that a sharp ship, of a given i^dAIp seefin. will run faster, with a given quantity of fed, or at the same speed with less fnd, tkoa a blunt ship. Now, sniqwse we prtgeci aOoofiesslregardingexpulsiontages,preeminent.anchors, cables, &c., giving tbem a wei^4ii^proportionate to their buoyancy, and aOowtogthis weight a tremendous leverage wlierewiftsNicaragvaobjeetseripusiy believe tliatunder such circumstan-iWp largeitself.eyespassage bill.as conclusiveflm^'to'sitanitinability decency good order. So that we are constrainedI ''Saanislioperationsthe root of all evil," policy."andmoneyof swindler and debauchee! mereaccident,theyareezpoed,but«•*>Foreignfektiac all the important treaties with foreign apparel he coold call his own—he yet grew to troopsi'^f^ mseptatlonU not"»':EdiUooi. In tbe Senate it3 this tribute for inscription on his tomb " A about them attributed to him. Neither could hoBOM <A>oed, oaaaaetw paralyxed, and the'BXXlr-aATn KCCKEtU-larms,''*'°° ^^'^ ^^^ ^^''' "^"^ * **"' ^°"'"'«^'hO^ beCgce Coo|(M^J|^!y tended to promote eoBfonfive aaAlrJ^.. tissent, in case ofabeolnteThis hasfact,provides prohibitionsone of"Castle" in thebeing's worldlysengersC^'Tl^ESDAY.1he followed ;liti"g~A~^ofItt^jittueMf Kangaroo,thisPresidentpowert tite Continent to Bki^iid«ndhad once made up a* contribution for this veryofinterest.fMintlrai. IatTariBtandnothingremainedbuttothe of the Executive under the Constitution. This stipulation merely boundpeople will not the trutlt—for alwaysspeakthere''iSJI^rappllesiiddligeneeIstrange to do so.Where buunesaannexationThe Tteaty of Cession, hadhadThe General meantime went aa far as New- and most certainly no Bible writer, would ever uie,enterpiiae Is[%U» fimnalitjr of a vote, and an appeal toto such intereention,Orleans, en route to Mexico, and no further. With the exception of an -occasional trip to. Foweia,to crauanunate the transfer.cesa:singleconvictionwillevertak<1plaoeThewoman who puisnes Seaw may or qay not be aqnestioapowera am) rightssons who themselves either openlji practice Po- memory,lygamy,oropenlyapproveofit IoesanyoneforgottenMo man bat one of narrow and malictoiu mind,Bxira.and calculated^The BUI AgalBst Polrgamr.out very soon;ofdiffiottlty,liimi 8nia«i %Ur can interests on the—JidwUli Fortr-tfth-ma- into trial on conviction and it is perfectly weU known to everybody in and out of Con- gress that juries in Utah must at present andwhohadjoinedhimhere. Aftertheyhadaad^ nnHmttH 'Wffnrjfci ^'W^HUft;^was sp-lingly risked.undertaken upon lottery prinei^ea, eveiytUm winbeataked. Onthecontmy,ewajniaaho^'^';'mri i^-^^dsr*>«».»•«««*> TiieelevatingtendeocyofsftillitiketUscom- upondear tal waB-dafined polier oa the subject race. In gratitode to its fiaunder, we indite G. C," and had not aaid any of the fine Uilngs TBloped. waatiag oar fireaUea—our. ware-it.IbaMsaUoftheplebadtnm stitutionandlaws,mightdetermine. Tetthe l(«allyintendedtoadvanceand^ubaervethein- teresteoftheSouthernStates." Ofcoursehe did not take this ground in New-Tork.to their prott to say so. Yourcoriespondent~—all thatitehallowness1aMociated with literatnre and ""^'^lobeafiaiBVera Crux are to March 26.tatirsd from that place, and w^tfai,re-tlM interior. The Liberals had Vera CruzatMormonselves.we feel bound to repeat and insist upon does the light of heaven from the sun," Is mere twad-bill,the considerations which ought to secure its.prompt andthe returns from tbe In- himself to a little humilia- .judgedby mortalityspector'sOffice,wouldl>e pronouncedtheun-each, thus admitting of the most admirable men without truth or honorable feeling, merely bi- drainage either on the surface or through the eause they were the rejected or despised of suchIslveIt does not need quite so many startling religious,be did not know•iCawin^ stWubiBftott had mends itself to the hopes of all who love the Biokut; hadiwrerheatdofhlmorofthe"K. tileaee of hone: odgiB, sporadic and aetMei,;snehapanoiaaaGeo.b^torwqcaftm.cwnthenhopetoseeaofam-Mof «Bleaden have ooateated themselves with de- oriminal by birtb—for he had not a thread of anything be learned of the large bodies of hand of indmtiT only employed in burying thePoweia sobmltted to their action.bycollected at Cincin- personally InterestedIsthmus, as well as to the peace and prosperity of both TlltCTtW TiTma KuT—KnMTS count, iea—was rejected. The Mexican Treit-meantime the General of was about to make a tiply that intCJhe aame compatationaB ous aad ao > geMoalMHIll IpromoteTheobjectionsputforwardin theHooaeonpreliminaiy visit to the promised land to make other industries, and see what the amount remains, and annecessity.. by BepobUcan opponentsfor exceptgone, thelandlord of thebeen treated treatyaspledgingnstosomekindofinterven- tion in Nicaragua, or as at least giving theBowery,in which theirmeetingsShaw'slawyer, wUck yoor ezc^edlBfly oasopUstl-materially curtail Oejto intervene without consentthslx or good reportbythsirnot toif it should become absolutely necessary tomade to punish the guilty pcitlts- hjhas neither been and the King of Sar- Bepublicans opposed it ^made themselves the sufficient to secure the smallest respect forandHe mostcompoHiMthe an<Hent but ever-moving ttbtij of 1Kovioeea has completed theperiodcalVi,sophistry.thaiHoliness had addressed a letter to the special champions1Popeof honor, and Nicaragnandiet of milk and faaoey he ;r censsrlog lus and concluding rejected a treaty which would do more to- ' --' policy,murders and of outragessuBhiiac 'Of. tUtZ:ezc<Mnmnnication at the Tojal ireandthethunderseemtohave no. affect open the obdurate monarch.wards securing peaceful and harmonious re-or property? Theall sorts committed in Utah- ceeds in his enterprise after all,will not ev-labonld caU it the most transparent and sliallow sophistrywhichis ContainedIntheworswUch your correspondent manufactures aad calls BibleinMorocco. In ^battleintlie neighborhoodofTet- I, a second contest in the oecorred on ttie 11th nit., in «fiiotliarmieswereengaged,"ja^/^itlff^l' generaleoiripiifiilicV^iaai»ilmtmtMttt*-* ..^avv2^s:-&As to the nuntber of Hfe4MMtB, W" that one-half, at least, of 1ry Bothiag dse. We ngvidfcommand the attention of a Legislature ab-ITheHealthoftheCity.Moonekcewbetterthetruthofthe " words, Eepu-tation is an Idle and most false imposition, oft gotwithout merit and lost wlUiout than the desuring,"TImwho uses them inOthello." He knew this because he Uoiself passedof Aastrian Mwen genetally observed on thephilosophical rascal "annivenarjrSliakespeare'sfor a measure wMch Involves the for aa honest man, wj^Ue really a great villain, aad- steaaa vess^ asvictories. Oen. Yuxalba had I at San Martin. HuevapamsorryCongress "Om. PvxBLiTAI it fdllDg into the hands of Caktajal waciatis. The Fourth Begiment ofany proper degreeI once heard an old German physician say that a out even extraordinary carelesaBns;r~^tni^.A»eHeanmerchantmen. Capt.Swasst,ofopposes—because railroads willwhichthis dUTerence—Mr. Glovzi's is aaipteS as truth Mr. HoTi's is a real truth.wHl risk the lives of thetif those ordinary eircamstancea which diasliojteStates,inevitablycarry tion and stultification bymakingj peacesel,your correspondent mentions,havejust \paseengeraunder njrMp yMl, iaportsJfKseonomo, at New-Orleaas from Liver-in the world. Tfils is true inwasjSmMd and fired at by a war-steamer carry-will soon find, in Mr. Wiofall's language, oneofthe and Puebla was that theluivewould lead to accessions ofatderelapneal r. Tobnfld*ateamsli^wlilehwtBtaheflwiwMhand was only permitted toiai?, acknowledged, day by dayThousands of persona bear deservAlIy good reputa-—^to build ahaliitiially.~Eqaany inexplicablewell known,us, if ratified, to concede tow*i« with great loss. grant to Mexico. A correspondent in another in all criminal cases are Mormoqs, and must icpalaed —tM leaiD that the excitement there column, who is one of the most eminent of necessity be Mormons. At this moment—manufacturers in Bhode Island, disposes any Christian citizen who enters the Territorybiaatlon throughseems surprisedSomethaes, nobodyit wouldhave doneand theandcompelStatesthat 60ththe order of the isnotsoeasilydetermined.nedeaidi of the Bhak of Persia very effectually of this^ argument, and shows carries his life on his sleeve, unless lie chooseTke Engiiah news is. of slight in- that it has no founda'tion whatever in fact. to live within the United States sentries and gain, ;His manner of perform- of March. The announcement of the ests of our own. The great necessity of ttiis ing it has already inspired the Mormons withpurity,Those who choose thebylhojrstakamtt the different islands, and active measures We need more free intercourse with other na- Mr. Hoopxr with theexceptionofBoston,nocityofanymagnitudehad taen taken in some of the large towns, to gUin^faBit'andiacatastrophe.doubtless, supfdiedtions, especially those upon tliis continent. A audacity which prompted him- to inform theas New- Comparedsubmitted to thedaf, alJBI anvared in accordance with the peti-I|1treaty with Spain which should give our flour and various articles of manufacture free ad-House of Representatives that one of theirto that sayaffordsno ship, designed merely to decrease the —~^t. Ba<9UIIUSenate, yester-withLondon, Thameswasliedgeneral good reputationresistance an iaajirovemeBt by no meaos—which sliall merely fur- unprecedentednish buoyancy to hold itaelf up, and shall aot carrycargo. Of coursethearraageaMntwSIWoCmb.B.S. DicuHSOs and others, whichaika te the location of a District and Circuit mission into Cuba<}Oiat?at Binghamton. The session was chiefly country than the fee simple of the Island ing to complete our degradation in Mormononly bytheputrid, festering;or withground quitenumber were passed. After the ex- <|fiBg 'aeeDea of Thursday, the House did notAnd if newbuilt substantially in the same way, titei ypeitjby Mixaicov, was adopted, as wasproofs.that aB the IdUs would be ordered to a thirdit were not distinctly expressed.disease is no respecter of persons, and the certainly have a very unfeeling nature, or beprospect reading. The Assembly bill to abolishit is not at allhowever,thoughvery justly,cap- qamrof the Select Committee reported theexperiencesame air as the starveling in his cellar. Dam- could look without indignation upon the specta- sets. No American, and but two Britishital^mlshmectwasreported favorably.which, it was said, would consti;ute but a small fraction of the large army already en- rolled in various parts of the United States.iMW-YOih Charter Amenfcnent bill tfaeAasenbly, but some, gentlemen thought that4h(T^ete*ted *-*The Coloael hasdeclared that hewouldortyphus,oramall-pox.mitigate flwiil^^iiihfc iand the world he thus declares he has been"richoldboy"rememberswithtruecontrition guishedmilitarycareeroftheCommander-in- soreeyes,andwan,waterycomplexions,palefirst character- cargoes will be limited by''^f.J^ZjUS^ f"J*"^*^^ appoiniaM«ipB^,toitasecretschemeto«C cleanliness of any one household lignity is arrayed agunst a woman whose sole boiler examinatioas and teats. Ia aiMXtt fhoSupply Wll was in process ofsays Experiencehas taughtcontest. Whether thematter. AndboT. SiiiMyhisiaaeeathefiahnmenengagedof the distin- whom we see crowding the doorways, with no effort was made to impeachverdict of $100,000 damages hi her favor, the^fJ'*** "S^^i conltaued active yesterday,discuss the matter, strangers heavy penalty;—•- "^.- ^^--'fteelyofferedandin verification of it, "Ito him Napolbon III., in byupverishcrj, ''Purifyb^aly,SJSfff andjriiikjr-i^"reported Freighu.crime."U-at length apparent.«M -^of such a witi^Mi l-««l«foed taoKOm.•"AmdM, Leather, Hay,vagaboBtoge,and everything,—all this l j jsake of The injuring lier..^Flour were Wheat atteacteddo not read the papers:purify^~statemeat teqaiied "joina <;haracter calcnlattid to destroy her•-**.:"""Idfavorably increase thejus-curtains and exclude cholera,theirIwould bePolygamyto enter with great activity upon by the commerce it would create, than would them, and make capital for their leaders, andmost innocent that want ofacts^^especially ifpromote economjr.would be the same. Hie practioe is to•eemfispoaeddtafaosinesa before it.Xr. BkAaCB, requesting the President to inform—approach of Spring; compared- with thesecities. New-York, in point of physical advan-markedbyprudencewhich thefheb~'~>"og^ pectins the Secretary of State to submitthere promotingto be none as to theletteronthestatute book,an evidence of ourA resolution offered by a cession of half herterritory.While there isis equallysure to dofor their reforma-are mostliibit may be tortured by malevolence into the— the of a wide difference of opinion as to the utility tion. And worse than either if,puredown the t>ows ofhoweveras we con- Xamdpaa bom Mexico and the confiscation of of a tariff which shall check the import of fidently expect, it be allowed to remain a deadships,dtaip,of the factsstands Nevertheless, this brightof our own hta^Bili mancceasAilly endeavoring to eatice Mr. The Bepublicans are apparently acting uponof )ra&..CovoD>, from the Committee which commodities.a list of the subscribers to theVow-l|otli' Hotel fond, reported' a resolution. di- thefoiicyof defeatingexportthe Administration inn:ora}ity ratherthan of ourpower—Carstano's case, we have no means of judg- to break the ship in two all of which is pio-and.and have, therefore, nocorrespondent, whose article was published inWednesday's Tures, seems to have understood be does this affect safety? Ma^fta^jr- ourremarksofTuesdayasindorsingthetruth Incaseofccdliidon, the fiilse bowwiB'Sli account of the occupation oAjBan policyforeigngoods,ought the—it willside;The treaty a noble manhood, adorneddrilled withall the virtues of which this Martinet hadin the matter ofpropOMi^^piH» jinjmiooa «f Kqroaa^ ani wiftKtearagua-negoaated with " 8»»d deal wealth, and unstained by the vices of nati, at Memphis and other cities. The expe- reform? Let it only compute what the value of man and K is tlie Og^to protect Ameri- knowledge."dition to Mexico was to set—;the aeceasary arrangements for landing. would come to in round figures. WDl the' woman, however(y has experienced tlie same fate,—though Utah, to the passage of the bill prohibiting Po- To certain of his new recruits he offer- people—wHl the Legislature—move in this her reputation, in tende^f^tertXm—On TiuawGuus. XtmIsc— there is a chance that their acUon upon thislygamy,be reeoasidered. Bat in neither ofwho shalling after the with renewed Bummer's heat.evertion by force of TheonlyobjectionmadetotheNicantsoan argumentwasevincedbytherestiltofthedi-Mr. WiBSonaltions with (heae States conducted.TheCantugCase-RepataUommTreatyis that iteafagedthe Nicinuuaii Got-Character.    Timn:emmenttoprotectAmericanlifeandproperty f"****" law."»** "»« "»"«^«'^"cised foraides ia second,andcwe^ftfnIP'r*lr*'ilTHTf^^'tfon the btbrnos, and second to oa the right todottoanehrea,vriihorwithouttheircon-CMorf.<okB|i|b<>i i*b|"cMIJ .tjbli^l:Powers the—,theof tiie chineryhowever,that itnobut tmtk snd|iiutlce,Bnd every bnman•iperlenee, will go to disprove thsSargOBieots o< Mr.had beenheld,demandedthatthemembersoftheOrder cal8tLouiseorrespoadeatbeUevestobetiisvln<remaining should pay the rent due for manyweeks' occupation of his halL they AlthoughFrance and othersametariffrelaxationswtiichbyitstermswe simplereasonthatthegrandandpetty JurorsEngland,foreignUnited StatesArmyhave donenothing,for thesuch things are too common.wouldTribune, that the Gtovernment with which we on the head, there is no redress.people.like a tinder-box ;every point The vrtioleself into aa ehgtaweriogquestloa, as allhad negotiated was certain to be overthrown 'We confess, therefore, that much as weand socialour community^veiy year,as we have served to up—but the recent defeat of itsapetiiin session, and there remains any chance of argument that " reputation flowed just as natnrally business ofdisposes Bepublicanswe are abortive attemptto see tocorrectthe man-tlda character does before itatdtaoofnersandexcesses"ofthisadulteroustribe. slave territory from the northern provinces Mr. BncBAHAN has already taught them to ^1 tonally liadbeen attacl^ed and beaten of Mexico, and they have resisted its ratifica. hold our threats in contempt. He declared,mouafpassage."may not be always, but it is often true.The two-chief points urged, by the oppodag coun-;treatydle. Amoreglaringlieneverwasnttered.it because it will buildofup_/ree purpose treatingwhich will fill and sink after or ooUiaioti,and has ever since that even the com-, he had the Americas flag flying all the ders. This argument clearly answers the moa law cannot be administered under theat wholesale andopponentsdetestinstitutions,orrather becausetoprovethat Mr. GLovsa<sof this Some we detest objection. them,tobelieve an professed makeMCthifAitthatgentlemanshouldbebroughtbe- whateveritundertakes. Theyrejeotthese say,that,howevervaluableitmaybeasa uneliminatedbysewerorgutter, formaniara tha'Konsr for contempt, in refusing to furnish treaties because they have been negotiated by national testimony against a plurality of wives,tlM Caaoittee with the inforination which it de-oozybed offermenUngslime. Within aassaults made on the trial the uponcrumple, and yield like a buAr, detest- ing the real bow ot the ship from iajaj.of the United States Senate, with three I eoDcemed with him ia the recent arrest of Ilk 9a|iB0)U, at Concord, hava been iield to bail It^jkt atOkpt ^000 each to answer the charge ofadvent ta But the interests power.; for when heunpatrioticBill,MAaixaax,P.P.Mua- sibleinwhich divided thewould;Thedurability, byMessraf'm, snd Faoasn opposed their progress at everyonlyeiiher party shall have become established inMexico—in sufficient force to provide for all contingen-andble business,dress of personal wrongs,tom, but without success, for ' ••tch closed there waspatch everyn our dis-especially amongeconomyof ironships,eapodty thea Democratic Administration, and evidently—deal towards the still furtherMonday, when the stibject will be thoroughly dis- hope to weaken that party with the public by complications of the Utah difficulty. It will tricks herself in her most gorgeous hues,muaad InCommitteeoftheWbole,Hr.Wklls, its to ontheGovern-of this State, delivered a nwech on the Slavery is- defeating. attempts ^arrys«e, which proved less inflammatory than that of ment. ^ This is a hazardous policy, besides be- gamists now^ occupy, and render it necessary tenant-house, and disease, always malignant,dMd..Aminority reportwill he submitted onit will do agreatstone's throw ofpalatialresidences, where Artor at least thejusticeMr.LovuoTon tl^ previous dayone. The Republicans lor us to resort to much more seri- eventually—as theanpicjaded there were but seventeen members may think it better that they should have the ous measures for their subjection than wouldingf aiiits, andthe House was obliged to ad- of all these and so be adjustment questions,__ CabKETOH, the Deputy Sergeant-at- willing to defeat action upon them until theirfinds ayear roiand. Too little ofthis is known outsideIproves,anticipatedof the country ought not to be thus postponed" " Knights of the Golden Circledence as to the most scrutiny, defy malignanttestscountry,and whenobjectcolonizingchildren."as to is so demonstratedaaiparty success, easily blindedpeople partiesers.Thus,with acompsnUiveiy lightI Senate yesterday had the Canal Ap- really responsible for the failure of public the Order, as an impostor. Whether the epi-of metal, theybecom%^rderswhich they will be subjected. As now built, Itis[faSl anaer consideration. Mr. Sis-j ofUMstty and long in favor of a con-Si Jhe Assembly amendments which the opportunity for securing favorable treaties certainly been a vast difference between whatabttecatwantbe bill the Chenango extension sad thodoaur locks. Dniing the evening session the <ai» Bdlroad bBls were taken up as the spe- cialcrdBr.with both these Powers may if lost now.not wonderful that they go to pieces evaameasures. There ia danger, moreover, thattechnicallycorrect ornot,powerA secure equallylikely favorable terms.regiment was appointed to the command of theas not to admit of dosibt. millionaire in his palace has to breathe the singularly deaf to the dictates of justice, who sions do not occur frequently on seagoiag^POV-toChicago Press and Tribuneis not withoutparades amoderatebadness Senate,anddeclares,accomplish cyontime ofyoutt!^^86HotWng new in Moneyrstaa.theCity."not by discussing dangers of disease, and turningmoderate. Pricesno affidavit to accredit it.the Bussian forcesinsteadof lendingtheany fecial witnessbeThe treaty with Mexico was pos-consequenceadvertised it as "a very profita-It seems to us that the complaint of the corps,—windows will not cle so often exhibited in Courte of Law, ^wliere in this service haveAnd thecombinedpowerofgenius,money,andma- Buttiiis ^onldnottice,aadthattheRepublicansoweittothem-askplate-glassexplodedo€ Mayor Wood, and itwas eventually re- selves and the coimtry to adopt some fixedsinceto do with thethewill noteterious agencies of an infected atmosphere. liance is upon ttiat public sense of justice and it were against the Aaooes at 00-Thursday by Mr. Hoopn, Oie delegate from'And a of bulkheads plentywillprotect tlieiMtWe havealreadymeriti,nothavlagseentheevldeace on'^^^oby fine and imprisonmentby jpry,broadgronadthatth»|aerere ,-rwA«f ponOtiM it&Hllmost have qiMOipC' prompted your writer to thus fa\- Experience shows thatbe left in his hands.tal to health.In this particular, and with the"carrying theits usualwill owners.We take fteof this sort is eitherMJ-fiiBgrffH^ adTkes thiougk Qaeens- expressed or implied. A treaty with a foreign for a time to come consist mainly if not purpose, they paid the rent again as the de- »IfT text—proving, even in thls'iUnple instance, thatTetPower cannot enlarge, or in any way alter,ofCongress.nothing—bachelor,Bible any amoimta^4|jiB,'*Territory duiisgour country nor the smallest security for lifeami itttwwfor mercy. Whaltlie puntahment akif^ H.tt.^,of the mostndkta at a sangninaiv sort had Senators is said, indeed, to have urged that ing baa been done to punish them. The United sll,-as the man in the play aays, honeaty is taUon of saints, while their real character is a com. ship-owners. What juries andlatioBS between the two countries than any- - _jo< Haples, it was reported, liad an- thing that has occurred for many years.erybody say that he is a great man ?We fear.ft**!! tetwitTM to advance hia arm; into the J Aataa aimultaneousl^ with the entranceNew-Orleana,who call the General anwomen, have gone down to the grave with black- ened characters and broken hearts, the result ef lyingis their action on the Mexican Treaty. One of the Rhode Islandthemimpos- AJfteris the bestthe last q^^^ ^^ ji,ur years, have been almost pastbefore thethen and theresMftealing wiSi luMtedafOiiacts would meet with armed resistance fromworth more to this his constituents. The only tUng tliat is \fiCai- Paris, cleansed only by the sluggish Seine beforpresuming goodcharacter, it wouldnothingand —unsuspectingproneto ex-more than ever convince the Saints of our-to-to say. Aentire to reduce them to anding,of thelady's character,fiurness of the defendant's counsel in makingnounced gators.unnecessary by But whatever tbethoraogfaprolong the attitudeofdefiancewliichthepoly- squalid poverty swarms in the over-crowdedthem. Nothing could be further from our pur- from foundering, in case of aide coiOdaaa.pose. All we intended to say was, that no We mean a solid bulkhead, oomiag abova Ihohave sufficed four years ago.A Soldier of Fortnne.—there seek a remedy for her wrongs, unless she as the which a former would intoTwo of thein New-Orleans have published a card denounc- ing Gen. BiCELiT, the Commander-in-Chief ofstrengthened by tuigging frames,lost forever,ofthefactiouscon- recruitaregimentofmenwiththeavowedhe wUl readily imderstand why the Pearl- fore no woman, as things are manageddone.In this City, last Fall, he endeavored toCourts, could sal'ely apply to thembuman iron shell orofwe shall be able to cies. The Colonel of a celebrated New-York Unfortunately,vantages mortality.York,cityas a conse-While it is doubtless too far false, sharp, iron bow from a' bloat goinggenerally contagions,nest thewoman,of tlua trialand not doen-«M(k perforated byand the few who joined it soon ascertidned that the initiation fees and other sums they hadin the manger towards the'When the Assembly adjourned, Is PovEETT A Cbikx ?—WiOFAU it is. stored away, and plentiful fimds to be provided way from curb to curb, is a hot-hed of disease, <rby sympathy with the weaker party in the un- Nature and economy go hand in hsad tattfoThe Senate bill the repealinghave nothingorganization,personal alwayspolicy upon these important questions, and not waa made to take up the Brooklyn coatent themselves with merely playing thedefence is her innocence, and whose sole re-d^ cident, is to make one which would mostMilitary act was reported back. An unsuc-<_, e Senate bill to the of the Incorporate game dogwhich is too often as much af-' quiteguaranteedof :0w Brooklyn Yonng Hen's Chris- Administration. waarepeatedcompleteandorderedjust money pocket. fected by prejudice and purchased perjury asAnd WiGFALL knows.for the successful prosecution of the enter-ia this St. Louis caselemmonrmeiKj«WIfhemtiBiiaaafMtMarandwereallowedto guilty. Butthen,WiorALi.hasreformed. The Lafatxttihadshedhisblood;her Afterthejuryhadrenderedthepreposterous aidestiietK^polMdoso. Bwwa(kgBeroo1a<«qr.buoys, saving lives.boata,andTettMd^r being doad»rUi^.^Maty all the Civilwhere he had and licketty, looking like so maaiy shoots of rapidlyCouta stood iCooTt wereThe Otaeatt* of Ae Bu- the early sins engagedpoor young man." With Chi§f in the Crimea,defendantseems to have been incitedtomakeSWSStwhose aatlwslaadjootned.i{ bnt no otlurMiriness of bnpdrtanee wasfirst into theof Genera], and had been decorated then follow parente, and lastly here and thereH1B8 PAin ASP mfrers of Miss Pai".S.;.~xA,,;-«*j<.practicesIg-positionuand nothing was left undone bs or oughtas U-lr thfm. OarbarShare list advaaoed fai pet pious hate. With slightly Pharisaic pride he the Czar, in conversation, had said to him, newspaperswhichand the relentless ef- feast-day with donna enters to-dayL»**^^.'^»!i^*'?HJ^T BailwayBonds Intbls, his crowning virtue, before the and of the particular inquiries afterwards pro- avoid the City, business suffers,and theregoesmoney, industryforte of hired counsel could do, toto' S?2_r"..^?'» abundant, Of course he deeu't read the papers." his mighty swotd and militarymoreofattention,What-thoughtsgaveanytestimonyHe seems to have volunteeredA Nxw Paoacc^^^the rte awwk^ MMr.OsvMadAmerimmlae owaana,^ however, was be «cW him, no man alliesa which shallthemitite necessity—aUrecognlaeitsfanportande.positivereputation.hia evidence, and to liave been quite willingin rather ever rise mar tgainat;beginning^d^DstUs^ tf^Saga' ti«etbsi.UIUs;wera slack re-laadJag -tlltnbMlptt EdiMi*IsBugati restrictedanothernameforthe case with which theK. O. C." could ac-up and paaschancesarede- «ynM»Mft#».'aaay.i..««t «anaaoaapoHHtty,aad,wsanwould think of ohnti^ftfr "gence upon one who b^CTW» ft*t po»«rtyto bUl at once. All ad- criminate himsetf in public estimation for tbe;fe- withni care. But so far as we recol- on Monday ght.. T.h„e„ ..w.. m.»i.ssion of thrT«i»^« comp-lish anythingtarn U«^pSJST ;M-l&:.^;vgreatTo him ^rtfl Ws*flge«feri^»^*^«"l'- '*"«»»»«? ^^' "» "* "Wf^^ ItUntitled Documentcidedly against the veracitycrime of inteUi-^6— It Is*"'Is vf*»tfor"Let the Legislature take Sanitarywill hkre doM enou|h to inuaortaOM itielf_pounded—towardsQuarantine,butby lect,onlyonewere so much out of Every street which is left with its seething, fair playsae- causes of disaster.paid,Thelargestoriesaboutarmsandaiunitions rottingmassofslime,gorgingthecarriage-cessfullyresistthevariousas our netUst sUpownersbnt thafa" Iate^ 4^ diol^elMi was nsmued and prosecuted as anybody." In the presence of the Senate Provincial Governors to secure the services of limits none can define. The poor may, and has been falsely assailed we have no adequate own bitoresta, for the sake o( »»'^*^JMsuffer first. The little children means of judging.. Upon the first trial littie or d(«ars in ahnightycost, lawtoiiljpMjllillH hariKir obstructions in thehim. He says:myselfhave been aspoorprisethe legion in a cause shnilar to that for which undoubtedly do,iii f iJlaiiliy hi varioas mrts of the liar-toof " theIn fl» trial of short hmnble devotion he now worships wealth, and risen in the ranks of the Bussian Army to the diseased celery, drop,all the virtues of his creed, fromnorancedown. Heregardsknowledgewitha witlitheCrossofHonorbytheCzar» aalf irreprssribtloe be, deligh°te°d?tfo I;person, I never do." The concerning the reasons that had induced himYesthe City, importedthe thatobject. Weiiavenotreadtheevidence oTl »m°tobebanared^m^b» vSuhyabilitiesof what he had done when he was an officer of the American Army In Mexico, and of what Oen Scorr had said to him concerningextraordinaiy precision, dead. Canaot every class see how much it ispoieare two in number. The first that ed a commission In his army, preferment matter? The public gratitude' awidts (hoee seeking an uncertaii;; ledn^ is,.proepeetive, and an opportunity to accom-^these cases has any good reason been o&red than two wivea ; and the second is, that if the pany hhn in this " preliminary expedition ;" destroying the deadly agencies now slumber- and sotremendona.may yetnot over a quarter of the Mormons have more bill is passed, the Saints wUl resist its execu-ingive health to their fellow-men bjrserious, in the Smo offor the action of the Republican Senators, nor have we any information as to the principles or the policy oa which they would have our rela-but must theysum for thehim in advance a certainWinter's cold, only to awakenpayment of their traveling expenses. None were in- weight the House attached to this style of duced to close wift this offer, but the Generalactivityat theaf^roachof a,, .. ,^„departed ostensibly upon this journey of rt-eormaissance, accompanied by his cmisin, the Treasurerofthe"Castle"inNew-York,and PermitmetosayawordabouttheSt.true now moat -of perilousif necessary. What'pay purchaseof arms and the"^"^ *called attention to one or two "military men" ftom the South, breach of promlsscate. I know aoUdiig of Us reallong some- wholly of Mormons, or in other words, of par- parted Treasurer, bysucb words as the above, becaosa svery jost and gen- erous person feels that atsre report goes fornoUiing.juriescanbemadetoimpose wU bo «•-'nnder1tobeobstinatelJaversetothe theprotectionofAmericancitizens. Itdid theact,orthattheproportionof-«ivestohus- neighboringcities,forthepurposeofaddressing badwoman; bntnothingcanbemoretmethanthe canitbeaeoompttdied? The<.KieaohUoopaweresaid tobe nnder or- not pledge SB to intervene. Our Qovemment bands in Uiah will ther^y be the least dimin- the inhabitants with a view to obtaining men saying of her connsal, which your eorrefpondent heart of the jmor aHpe like affla ok rijBhii 'hi$, '..oea^ the two States. Odt could still do as it liked about protecting itseven if and means, he has remained there ever since. mentions, that "reputation is bat a poor test of real over tlte fiuniliarhowever, make no mention Thit liondon THiussupposeso,ButintheSouthernStatesheputsanew ofrapirti«f^*<la» Imb of lh» jlvtiir^., ~owncitizens. Theclausewas'XaPOUtOV in the matter; ad- Oovemment, acting through its ordinary ohan-"to be substantiallTt; Juid coanieU a cessation of agi-' nels,years, and did not know perfectly well that the presence ot a' large military force in the" "to have said that the K. G. C." was origin- that aU tbls ik true, though it alwaysbanidiing momnt the fluencee of daily, 80id-eduaotiii(con-and under the nsual restraints of its Con-— " eBSmles" thatapririlege —of l:erof tite I" HungarianWouldhe were not familiar with the history of ourcharacter "— tiie scrutinyone^it uasftf Dseless to withstand ceded by Nicaragua, to be used or not as our rule in Mormondom during the last three phase upon the objects the organization. In will sot escape calumny," and that " men are more but that unstable heart la mtUttt 4»'|% "^ished fany"that nowoman'srepotatloncouldstandnewspaperduringcounting. The perpetrators of a large number tbe thin-skinned members of the order in truths. Many an honest man, and not a few virtaoosenterpiiriBgfrimmtratrocious ofand yet it is confessed on all hands that noth-not difficult ofcovpcabeDsiai, i»vtav«Ci»Judgessympathy day,arenothing,unanihislfc, by tlie Liberals, near Jalapa. tion upon that ground. But Mr. WiorALL, of war against them, apparently for the mere As we have^^reidy shown, New-York, died with the reputation of an lionest man." This which win necessarily break op on a^^tteaaaatafCab* again tlireatena danger to un- Texas,be- QtatwbenofftitecoastofCuba,he freeemigrantsintOsthoseregions,andTexas forethetroopsreachedthesceneofaction.He proclaimed and is much the most likely to be founded batteries of ourat ttstoC Btaniib colors ;pssa JBaTaBswering various interrogatories. He iak^a^atistwo countries, and to the manufacturing Inter-^mt fli» %t Barbados on Feb. 16 created much country is larger markets for its products. a very hearty contempt for our authority, and, on this continentThe^^inunigiation of Coolies to the West Indies 'ln actively,asweleamfromlateJa-why women. Itistheirmostfivquentmethodofrevengeor more free States established on her bor-ent timevahienfalo iaother, in truth.army.We must now protest against Congress fol-necessary.It is morejMUgjBSS gmnib^aiihiva-Sowiaiiitog^er brought 686 of this class, and the utmost Importance to the commerce of the threats, which cannot be executed, had better thettai S;XW.woa!d be ready to leave for that Islandsub-soil,physicsany;ssd women wlio are really pure of heart, snd whose practice. But it is stiU moreTwo vessels arrived at recently.The treaty certainly contains jirovisions of lowing his example. The task of making awfulImartialthem,pmo-ofpv-We areperfectlyaware that it ishopelesstosorbed in schemes of public plunder and privatemerely livesandthehealthofamillionofpeople. Itbecause Us own " evU rep^t" had will break and sink oader easily destroyed upNevertheless, while the Legislature issecuring action upon the New-York Health snd inevltsbly from the character of the person ashealthiestfact, although there is no necessity for it ; for situated as^t is, between two rapid streams ofsalt water, with a gentle declivity towards tionsCitythereianoreasoninwaiters should stagnate upon the surface of its streete and give rise to eminations detrimen-enjoyssuch rare natural ad-will never be suspected,, JtrSTITIA. Tlie remarks of our correspondent are per-and no quenceshouldexliibitalowerpercentageof fectlyjust.inundatedNeva, and surrounded by a marshy baok- may upon any personscrutiny againstSt.reputation ap fixperiodically byexasperate ground, tbe fruitful nursery of malaria at every him. Themedal has another and he who ventures to leave the main arteries of municipal travel, will speedily comeinto a where black, putrid products of regiondecomposed organic matter, house-sweepings,kitohen offal, dead animals, et id omne genus,most ruinous and damningWhether this was or was not so in Missfesteringexperiencecouldventureintoacourtofjusticeand renderitentiretyvalodess,norasHgfatwiftolafford seiiurity against the del-best way to make an eoomNnictioiOa ITranklmg with the seeds of death, and readyequalsonot only the safety of passengers,to of the desire of Juabez and Mexican blossom into a harvest of desolation whoselong;or theas great a mistake to such a acceptsanitaryisits business for three months, at leaft, mul- considerate peijMHB ttfof that Samaritan profession whose pleasure itis to battle with disease and suffering in everyconceivable form. But let the rich eapitalist,about to build upon some spacious lot on theoutsldrts of the denser blocks of palacea, call tion to which she would certtunly be exposed. in at the Dispensary, and ask information We had no thought of intimating that this wasgrave;agWa'of what the inmate of a palace falls a victim. The the purpose of relieving Umself from tite ;too/^trit 0/ —auniversal.,system within our borders.purification to healthofInternal free us of all enemiespw*»"U s»slaly1o»K»e»Teet or» (U JWitar ^ftk* Nnt-Ytrkdown to tho aoa ikoU^ bwvan^r'idlcatlonoftbejnstleeoftheBiblical " canon,freak of thatare no such words In the sacred book.the faireatfamea speech at Montgomery, Ala., he Is reported prone to believe lies tiian tmtli." Everybody knows when for a - —-^ -every possibleeffort to ruin herreputationfor-K '^JmmKm^'plaintiffBy evil r«port:ahaU ys know'policy thattheir Virtueisnottoleaveundone,buttokeepttitihunDn,"hostile and interestedrightnavi- econeaiy aaajrLouiselUterside;twtfreoyio;-^4bit,:tt^ji'M#fJ|j^y.;;are not toothem." Now, pure sympathy for that poor huatad to unpoee is, indeed, a debatableasitiswarmedtobssjl. been brought up In Qie woods on a ing eloquence of the^AodUffahas hadBut what of all this? If Gen. Bicelbt sue. perience among the men and women of Qie world, fendant's innocent andpolitical;,aadreally prudent cunniag rogue alwayslived andwill fotmder in any storm that -Overcertainlyao ex-aa^ good women have been tbe victims of scandal from these points, is, to speak very modeimtely, «-;but many are undeservedly assailed. Many;ship: it is a crinuMi veruon of the laws of acience aad of: it ia thaactloisare anconstrained because of their innate est kind of economy. It is pretty wallgreatestpartitionhad been such a miracle of propriety and pru- his potato bin. Then aU shipsailor maimer of lake boats and North BlverofimmeaeuraUo there has touching the great brick block whose precincts just or right ;— on- the contrary, the very fact strength, capable of resisting all straiaa tothet bethe General has said and what the General has crowding fifty families into a single bouse, and untouched from such an ordeal,peaceably, butfixtures,are honeycombed upon the nice principle of that no woman could possibly hope to es,cape and that there-in our for a re- necessarily imply a condemnation of the practice, even ifok the softest sandbanks. An iron ship wil askstreet undertaker, in selling out his good-willbut bustibles, mayfirebox, ftSt^imf^ be wo«e tbak a uu lua loMtHe mustment? This, woold Itei indeed,water-line,they areproduetieBvalnaMa s^W-wairli nmM ettarwlse •^JJOi-n^O^""i".'-—^shipsp«^^^ ;5b»«« .-• (' v.<-Ii-^-irg-^^-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069r-^,^ ;=*'. •?? -$'-'=.www.fultonhistory.com ~~fi I)'v"""ffi'aiiiffif