 fW^'^•^iCii^M:/-.-rfor the China,while the smallestFrom bad he went to worse from ;IIquotedaacond cabin and steerage passengers. struction, while If intended serious.. 'have been ization which has characterized its proceed-from hisof was otherwise severely punished. He threat.bloodrelationship,anpposedto influ-;':r~taportant onthe mostAnyif that=—IBM SPg-PilceTvoOnw,MfredttISH portantchaagea.^^^^^^^^^ iStx I>«UA>t•yar•Aa Ctoniitteabill has been reported from theand bitter— yetit has turnedwasthe'"BreDUc.throughan at the interview,conclnsion of which he leftOAFT. Bia«eou>'8 BxroBTTO aic TheSeaatohasorderedthepriatlagofttecanyiDK outpaltrypartisan»Bai i "i,m:Sed^nuiatB'niMramTeigiiHIU.romaaeeoftruth,iM«xw-T»nE mas .MOLMSM to oae iddTCU targuiltyForeign of treatyAffairs, sUiralations withquentiydisqualification ;career.tics he took to counterfeit money. The gradation was easy. A warrant was issued for his arrest ;^m nffllENT.r 1^I'.flinee Hid NuMaand Molasses were The moremeaU in quiet.committedona forburglary. Hewasindicted'%rburglaryhitbeto Ike NfiehMf Bin luiiM Oiii.Poot-Totito BUI. mxiA tk.'.\!»*^ !.,•»•flpeolal Diapateh te tke Vtw-TMUlaUWasanona, Piiter.iMliti._IE8 (I>«ll7) i< raVUiiiM ervypos- sible objection to hearing what the prisoner orPolice Ooint, fullyUMAyiu; tve •vie* tooat addnn tor FiT<Doi>-Tke BaUiB*i« OaaTeatioa.Out Denocratic filends are maUng baateulation somewhat more carefttl in the gratifi- is pretty sure to throw some ligbt on the cation of their desire io see and know some- transaction. If guUty, their prevaricatioasof an to commit the oSsnce attemptKo. in Bl«ADWAX—EXBIBI- (Ull^ljglf^^JXEST—B>oa>wat—Catoxca'Sthis comes too late.If it iiad been offered atin all make nacauses impression,seems toBMI •» 8«A»CA»T. gaUtitii QAmLLRT—Ko.goodadvancing age and who hasm Wnsxanm.the outset, before theConvention,or at theapparentiy than four score as hetimore of course receive due 'attention from< tbe public; but we think their martial ex-WeTvnnai orVt.NlB1R''U>'WAT—BcaHis'Fui FiCTOEi Sauxki.opening of its session, it might have prevented as clear a head at moreto paaattde that the ateamer iaHaaaee au^ jUtta Northern week- It nHMj-Ma coat of $M<M)00i a tri- weekly mid- dla raai^ rtd Salt Lake, at a cost of $«00,000, or #dlrjtf80Q,000; anda tri-w^eklv iroii New-Or-derneath,searchingpistoLpolicemayildaa te^ksH oneriaod rootes ;who couldfrom the time toe voto was anaonnead to the the bOl had paaaad the Sanato,beea^ma^'mUassiduity pobUcaas voted against it, they were an aeflas kt «»had beoi sofeomized withm the United States.By tits California Overland Mail, with news tothe tal-faiat-, we hear of serious difficulties withtbe Tr**t*"* in Western Utali, which had resulted"without number," between its in- mates and the young Japanese rather foolishlyonly disappeared within four years, under which a jur}' was impanneled to assess the value of awife's virtue in money, as a conditionhomesending him to grass, and was about to kickand priUe would wove Oiengreatcities of the Union as thnisUug themselves andtheir charms upon the attention of a transient of these assaulte tiiey allege to have One case, in which a lawyer drew a pistolia liw Hie British navy adopted Navy.M*iM*M the proper time. - APaymaatortUa tttto aome yaaiaaao.C. G. Baxu* at been confirmed as Cooaol t»wascontradicteainthemostpositivemannerby Mr. Blatcbfobd. The investigation was td- jouraedto10o'clockthismoming.wereof doubtfiil and tbe education of the been already commented upon in our columns. nearly |80^000. They-branding the very muchof tbe said <<——— ;rules of evideaee apparent He|,fH«T-<|s"MniTlnintwview would be Tbe motlOB to go mto Exeoative Session waa do- had the elder gU indicted for perjury counsel engaged struck the other in the face, regarded with distrust by other European States. feated, there being bot one vote In ttie TfllmTtlnnr«ei4f)->rwo d«uau •at Baltimore.hare made .thingThere can be little doubt givenBcssXLL sentenced fatan forTm DouMi jma OM *f Jtoenflrermwewiafte'J-that the hint firstimportant aid to justice, can, consequently, never beoneSI «»IkWfNrary HaOstmner. Price, iawnnett. IB adrsnes."ingtottthe blow which has been aimed, aadhim, earnestly protesting their belief hi his hmo- to give prefaraaoe la farOaalar iadirliaals, cence."P*"lilf**) t<"««^'i>«—openingher wife,— wh& oflatter,tsths ^baaddrasMd "Fubllslun Hzw-notby anyJapaneseTomba to tbe Peaitentiary, was taken office of the City Jodge, with whom he had»«T-Toifc01AaaaenwaUtkUmission offrom the SouthenitWgm.—and qoito ammber' of the Soothffim aiem-bers hare withdrawn in conaeqoence of this ter not to know the Tycoon from the Mikado, oner to testify on his own behalf, and exposeaction. This, It is believed, renders the nomi- and better never to behold the bland coun- himself to cross-examination, when he himself been remitted. The question of BosNxa's guilt strength agaiart the avntaad maU roales, and seior-»ecutor,who»*-«^~TM and Ora XvenlBs—dicted that it will take placeat theoffj^UBOW thlak ttal. ThequiteVmagMB-STRKKT AND FOURTH-AVEKUC- Convention in tiis favor even yet:but the im-I ; \BirasKU. canand loss of confidence it would en- impropriety, and it is still lessA*ua' OALtnaru VznASnau.VO.aM BaOADWAT—Paor. JAwas* Uasicai, Xsizb-DLOV aUXWN-eioMi CBSisn'i Kmniu.of that namber of rotes possibility securingwould be easier than to rain, by a single care-scarcelyof the tttachi* of his office would venturetfcrttiwilTil route at EI Paso, for $20«,000. tion. Even those who have hitherto preservedwhom a verdict for the plaintiff would secure the pay-and rnaay mete weald KirjTABT BEW8—-CZTBIBrrB CBABMl.terevaidnfseasion, after several hours' iafoimally laid aside, andperson,tbe claret drawnopensvery gloomy prospect upon-tta'CvakgituDe oa the PoatH>ffice I>eficiency bill being ings.wUl be CompaalasD aadSPtat"»-"-^f to aoree, were discharged from further ^iiiltH aodue House insisted on its amendment testaiing the inland service discontiaued in 18i9. - The Dmb and Treasury bill was passed, as were 'also a number of private bills. Amotion to ad.of—a Clerk in the House of Assembly; had alwaysbeen patri- begin- . jaum ^ to^lay was diacassed, but not acted upon. ning to the end. The contest has been fnrioasprovidingofintereststo his father, to which Mr. Montgomebt res-poli-in &•= discontinuance of the Pony Exiiress. A known as " Tommy."serious var with thera was anticipated. They are To tm Miitar qf tht Nra-York Times :la large numbers, well armed and equippeii. Earn- An article appears in your paper of to-day, headed•K cauolaiDts were being made again&t Conuuo- * Tbe Scandal of Tomht," in which a paragraph is—a thousand and liis friends forth-4>re TairotBBiLT, for the manner in which he per-vrithurgegoodtrumpeted through ofoxenwhichoncebe-uta Us steamers to be crowded on leaving thistheleft ground.theday platformeffect on Oct. I :The FourthArtiUery, Lieot, Cuaza,e Bmbasay Two kept quiet yesterday.in a serious a story can be reconciled withsense,—^bwjuaaaeQfttlVfiluiB etid an iuterDreter had ar interestingoa the other hand,emptory mandamus having been issued by oneto tna grand baU.Tml«idaywassentencedayintheCourtof "MaiabaL The brat of these ^ b specially worthy of notice, as itIn the progress of a trial ia the Superior Court on Wednesday, one of the two eminentUquer ';[taat^ The Commercial—We suggest respeptfnllyto the Editor ofMr. FncB, of Indiana, (Dem.,) reportadaraaoteBaBEthnologicaltheAlder-so men to take action in a particular matter, and letter fromoccasion forDealers' Association with a than badworse of the playful Ubertiea."certafa that such a personalthe law, whichas wit-Robertsonalacrity'ia itself a mis- each member of the Associa-both upon this matter, holds that all this indecorous nesses on the trial, gavespearedwhereupon Judgeaent.Court yesterday Hiss Lira Nob- trifling with character, thesewno brought an action for iatt and battery committed by DavidCabiua, recovered afhere waa v/tm-^MmmjuA atvaMiac auntet for aippka,|atlM4«y, and apwalatlaB erUced asaad the wra*g-doer. We have not yetSofan, Oqffee, Naval Stores and WUakr attracted priaing reporterother brasciies tH trade were prodoctive of ao im-onr sincere hope that the exposure of this scan-Teiy alowlf itBoqaaddMHfDrTwnnDaiuss. ^«y progreas, certainly,daysling and of very unprofitable and andigolfiedcontroversy. The only question which has given theB any real trouble, has been the ad-are certain to be anfor all these "playful liberties of the and in any case the jury are well aware o<delegates—aad this has been decided moreStates,bytheper- dividualwoman,"oldoryoimg,highorlow," theFrendisystemofIntenogatiiigtiie pris-»jl«D>ir—iflaraooB—Mahhh.Brenla*— sonalprefereocesoftherespeetiTeclaimantsJIBl** who feels herself tempted totheplacejwithoneoftheattmchit,whotoldhe might go. He did go, accordingly, andhimother his nomination acandidate, willrenderLake,timaa a week, at a cart a(for anyof a whole perienced girls.TheLord BaouoHAK, on viliose zeal and acUvify "wouldgain, and, therefore, proposed.of the Democratic which, as it stands, is anything but creditable to partiMBtHe is saidnothinglight subject highly desirable, all events,toHo. SM—Wamoox's Fan Gaiust authorlxing the withdrawal of his name ratherBaglishLaw of EvIdeHce.faa to agat daily aatvloa oa the alMtointriguesheavilyon Mr. Randall's E.listeaer, deficient in furniture. Such a Pitcher will be a JoszFB JoBssoir, Aettng In^teetor-Gemral, wIUTheyand to-day will undoubt-JndgePenitentiary. Duringtheprogreasedly witness tke end of their labors.ou^t (o hare reached this point at least two days aooner;—4ad in tbat case they wouldwar bakb a •ntdh received to-day i» «%-Tbe Semt-Waklf and WuklfVuaHJOJfOBatA.UpnblUhadoaIM havesaredtwo of discreditablePress" must havetistmarmt^t tte lovwt alob rMM. Spaoiauesmcanr.deceivedofhare written a lettermatternecessity.of the kind isBattle of the Faetioas.PerhapstheDistrict-Attorneycan throw somethan incur the risk of the Bat dividing party.Tbe politicalstatesmen" assembled In Convention at Bal-ourjndicial tribunals, or reassuring to those who rente <dr the snai named, tliea 'a are endeavoring to preserve some degree of confi-dence in their integrity.the schism. Bat it can have no sach effect had atMiaoT Topics,—The reply of the Chinese Oovemmeat toThe whole country has been profoundly dis-self if put on the standother kind Of interest was eonsidered likely toalgnedbytbaPieaUeat Althoughaaoet oftto»San Antonio, to connect with the gusted by the action of the Baltimore Conven-; hot,strangeto say, aoof Shanghai are exercised with greatfor the purpose of meeting them. The Springtheir faith in the Democratic'lbs VM-^oSee DefleiencT Inll taken up. In driven into skepticism by the utter demoral- ment of-^d .4ihalit'Vt' wasPartyfreelyproboscis,WM^fifty dollars,tiie unfinished business was trans- '^rredUK-thenextsession. TheCommitteeofened that Virginia would secede.On Mr.Mohtooh>bt,of Thursday,ThePennsyl- seems to have gone to the bad. E. J. PrroBxa ap aadTput en rmte for troops servtog In theIthasbeenawrangle of contending factions from be-to end. a statesmanlikelloontad Kifle UO Reglmeats,ginningIn short, pride, passion, afiisotion, friendship,fldrty ;Fttkli- CaBpaay B,oticimpulse," Banoall that old man, and aEKhot, passionate,selfishhas not or a visible in it from themightwas admitted without hesitation.There movement,from another journal, of such a nature that If intended as a quiz It is liable to miscon-^rt, occasioning extreme suffering among the as It does adopted In civil suits, but which Bentham hadfrom E to li the Company Light Company;Ueat, Paa-the grossest Injustice not orly to the person the honor to promulgate ita labors upon the reports of its Commitiee on named, but to tbe good fame of our HoteL We more than fifty years agofight sturdily put everybody onhavingxizrs, from Light B to S Company CompanyThe Baltimore Convention yesterday completed— :all the delegates to grass.Ltoat.iOedenti-iU. The majodly report was adopted,admitted in place of graphs aUuding to Tokkt's "love tSaiis" could;Lieot. Wus, from LightB toCompaay Compaaybad never deemed it passible that the para-the stand who knows anything about the caselonged to him were lately sold in this City: Pla-;K;sdttg Douglas delegates ever be taken is any ottier sense than as play- subject tke ^yodrrs from tbe Southern States, except inrigid cross-examination,played on their backs, and people gathered to gaze upon them as though they were bulls direct from Bnsban, or cattle celebrities from the thousand hills of scriptural mention. Yet thpre was noth-Lleuta. CiAxxx and Daai will proceeed to joiatLeirCompany ,w)thoiit delay at Caop Floyd. Ueot.lessness of tiie PhoeniciaB ladies at the shrines ofAstarte. Howthedeliberatefabrication,expecttomakeafortunebytheirspeculation.ofCalifornia, offereda (Dem.,)"si ons, and the Becordet. in the fulfil- the Prtas, with the name of a personPep^^Bes sent several Xaealofhiadnty,bis decisioa upon tbe request until it was fub- nie onfortunate man was convicted and sen- sequeotiy withdrawn. Thus, again, the au-relationsi>etweenthetwocountries. The replied to this overture, that nothingprisouers«f«tilaU£>imes to ttie State prison. The Grand whichthan such an intprvicwthey call theplayfiil liberties" taken byPrince Mr. Masos, of Virgiiiia, (Dam.,) moved to proeeed wouM give to Executive session. He telirtred that ualeaatUaconvicted out of attaciied to the Japanese Soibasay,"to cast a shade of discredit oa their testimony,but relations of Prussiadav was avecX in cooslderiiig ExecatfvebOitaam, fte Secate would be <irtktoed here next wack.'imaginary"loveto ex-victed.ofbis colunms. Probably the worst verses of'playful liberties" this very poaltitelyMessrs. Ycuu. of Florida, (Dem.,) and Taeaaauk of Illinois, (Rep.,) thought that legUattva boaiiieaaJotT titea made two piaaeiitments, one in relationtoBsioAscrimiBate saleof intoxicating Uqnora,a^ the vlolatioB oftiie Sunday law, and the other Let OS accept, then, the daty thus impliedlygo amtslu violationa «f law alleged to be commit- banded over to ua, and avail ourselves of this the law in notion and make the beautieslicentiouowas at lasttenced to two years' imprisonmentthoritycontemptnoosly setit was a matter of,indecencydeveloped.upon throughout.nopecuniary expectation was set down as a temp-inquireepithetapplied.-!-.'.•^I^^^m^^B!^^S^^fimM»i^qBPP^:?"%!^i«y.j-L.nMjiiJin..nnu.l^^f^^ nrf>-•^y^^i^tmim^Bat theyatfor hisinterfered before tbe commencement of thesecond rotmd.On the same day Mr. Fisbee, of Virginia,had a mill with the police at the door, and hadandof the war, the rebel excitementA reliel force ot nearly 20,000 is in the neighbor-Japan, Biam, Turkey, Tripoli, Tunis, Morocco and nomination which the Convention may make tation to lying which the sternest virtue could ponded, with military brevity, that Mr. Randall,Mascat. bv conferring judicial functions on our will be deprived of half its weight by the pro- Ceaanls there. Hitherto, in Japan and Siam, thesetreaties have been null and void, while la China found sense ol distrust and dissatisfaction and Turkey there is uui ^ulficient authority to en- which its action has created.Junior, "might go to" an unpleasant place.Mr. Bakdall's friend then informed Mr. Mnyr-GOMERT that he (Mr. MoxTaoMERy) was "a reflection that he had his prisoner by the hip andEighth Infantry, by the^nperlntesdeot of the WesteiB Departmejuofttiat^aneralRecruitingService. Sev- eral detactunents will leave .'on July 18 for Fort Leavenworth, where they will nnlto, and be jotaedtyforee justice. The bill also contains a piovisowhich^es validity to the rite of marriage, whenpeifqijiwd 'by American Consuls in foreign coun-triaa. uie Attorney-General has decided t])atConaula abroad cannot lawfully celebrate mar- the proprietors of the Metropolitan Hotel, in riagebetweenforeigriersorevenAmericans. Thewhich tills rule of evidence was basrd wasthoroughly English, and was in perfect keepingwith the social organization which has so long osition which that—a by the handle, that prisoner suddenly capsized his blackguard" prop-The Japanese and the Press.We have received the follovring card fromlow, vulgar fellow,and a geatiemandid not attempt captor the sea-beach was near, and for the nonce the officers, who are nnder orders to proceed to New- ;the disgusting charge made in the have pennitted their bouse to be disgraced byto dispute.After the adjournment Mr. Randall, Jr.i pitcher, the PiTcan put himself into the water.Friends who were hovering near with a boatreferencetoall intonts and purpoeea, as if the said marriage columns of a journal of this City, that they The old " crim. con." action, which hasMr. Montgomery in the stleet, hitbillin4iuestioDmakesall suchmarriagesvalidtobythenumberofpounds sterlinghepossesses.meetinghim. cleverly between the eyes, drawing claret copiously. Mr. Montgomery, in reply,him and brought him to New-York. In picked up2eMienfGeoriiaiwheretxithdelegationswere fullibertiesoftbePresswiththenameofaperson J with power to cast jointly the vote of the attached to tbe Japanese Embassy, and remarkable X withdrawal of a portion of the Southern for his youthfuLcess and good nature. Aboat tt:etlv ad}oarmnent, but it is l>elieved that the nomi- be put upon tbem is simply absurd, for we doubt if plaintiff or defendant tells the truth, as whether not particularly favorable to itself either in thespoken to a woman, old er young, high or low, ex- of bis story, ite agreement with, or difference judges and counsel who conduct them. In one n»Steamer Kemheck, Capt. JoaNSOy, which cept while surrounded by a crowd of inquisitivearriislat this port yesterday, brought from Cape spectators. The InttmaUacs of the paragraph allu- from, that of other witnesses, and his air and respect, however, it must be confessed that it May^dMy-Aaii of the crew of the steamer sunk ded to are gratuitous reflections upon tbe fair fame manner. When the jury know he is one of suffers nothing by comparison with even theirom Lincoln's oxen." A of respecteble journalplace Company C,FourthInfaatiy, at Caaap ririlatl.by MlWaa off Aseecom. on Thursday morning of the fairest portion of our people, and unjust to tiiethey know what he will gain or highest civil tribunal in the City:— ^Recorderthe fact that they brought a good price argues fa- vorably for Hr. Lincoln's chances of election.;farFort Townsend, will be withdrawn to Fort StaUO-<.thai— The action of the Supreme Court con- to sell them as Providence had clearly thrown them negative, aamely, Heisrs. Coas, Flobhri '.Tilllost aU4fcsT had on board and were inenougti,ofthescandalwhichwehavefeltittobeonr brother'sorson'sevidence.duty to hold up to pabUc reprobation, upon the The recent Hateh case, which has made soconfiimed in tbe belief that this was not tbeahalf a dollar, and a deacon of theWaanaaroa. FtUar,J«Ma. are ttie only ones of a general pnbUe chaiaetar newIt assHhitiop.of kid gloves forpieceofbogus jewelry worth Baptist.pendtog between the two ITssiaaa, with the of the Tariff.excepaaf-such a prominent favorite.SIMEON LELAND « CO.Barnard seems disposed to exact at least an the effect outward respect for the Court over which he—Late information from Nova-Scotia re-thewas monstrous and almost incredible, but itof the terview with the Prince Regent of Prussia. A Bscputics assignees.of toe lato Seoatar Referred.inAdvertiser, commenttagpromptiy imposedonethat the Secretary of the Interlw shall eaadraet for toeaffairs,"with which he is in the habitgainish-prurient and endeavors"was accusedthe last ten days has it been subjected to the and in neither in-TBe Seaate Concresshaschai««d<feotlllethe MUwtfhto tornof Purser to that ofof tadividaalB, suffiooB i» may As wfc«le feeling af tbe eommnntty afaiimt theBodohstis own kehalf,aucb •pirfefar«5?%aaaOQlUi!rweekJbr tke reaebel the point at whioh we can Hstea est in his fate was supposed not to be suffi-'An fiaibeas was ae£(Tein Ploor,someenter-AItitt^^iin'BallABCfItoatlBCttaCHr medaiitalTineoiredfor. Cotton, Hemp,Seeds Omword,however,letluaddinexpressionof Ustenedtoattentively. Therecanbeno trictentrap- El 1SKi.nu^-0«B Jtruma Kmbahi The Danglas delegates hare been admitted, the voice, examine the eyes or secure the au- glint, there is an essential difference. Lordtjm» »» na laju—IiA 4U»m. ftanl^ aay iatriaalc iostlce in their claims.due oonventi(«iB bounds in her anxiety tobearpingorworryingnow be may found at his regular place of bosiiiess. No.nation of Mr. DoiroLAS certain,—and it is pre-chooses to submit to the ordeal. To the appearance of a wileor innocence iS; of secondary importance the sl Seaatois who hava keen ; oaUormlythe session this moming. We do not think it I !againstusurps itlarly tried, convicted andacertain that he has two-thirds of theIunder the who caa convertmain point is to know who has the power,—ornot resist.The theory of human nature onFiTCHXB was taken his ears by:afreeas a part of the ordinary mat- be-but bis own evidence would have been sure utteriy worthless. In the same manner more attehtlon. Oaiidles, Meuls, Fuh. Frait, ter-of-fact news of the day, and a fit theme Stepbxhs' mouth was dosed, but his sister and Hap<Offa, Mce, Laths, Salt aad Tobacco were forcheerfU comment io the family circle. little daughter were put on the stand andreported inteat,«ikd Ooni.'at firmer ikriees. Prs^ons.dashed ofi^ withtoboarding-schoolofgayand a biH, lil.waaklyto add one more ploits, also, should not be lost sight of.now. His friends are too deeply compromised. to tbe long list of valoable reforms for which therefore beg to present a short summary ofaforty,is nowseekingfeatthatby the verdict of the jury would perjure him-was,anybodyprofitIn the leastproduce anybias. Forinstance,avritha lestial Empire.theCe-coringpaaaage;was deemedbelief on his oath, bo matter what his charac-that avania, was informed by Mr. Randail, of the had the lately occnpiedsame State, that what he said was "falsepiteher may gotounworthy ter or standing, while the plaintiff's own broth-proverbial the well once too oftener, whose evidencesecure to his relativepositionEngrossing$100,000,;were netence witnesses in the least, and were conse-inga friend to38,made everything subordinate to wealth, and even introduced an idiomatic phrase into the language,whichestimateseveryman'svalueMexico on Aug. 1. The ofBceis of the aid Se-cruiting Detail are to be relieved oa anl the Joly I,officers at the several depots, belonging to the regi-ments named, will conduct the recruits to Fort Lea- selecting this locality, they evinced great discrim- venworth. Lieut. RooiucE Sroax will report at Lea- ination. Tbe political bureaus of our City are venworth on July 25, to accompany the recruits. CoLdent to a divorce forduction from tbe same extraordinary fallacy.him to a which shall make Mspencil byof our strange visitors from the Pacific.andcontradictions under cross-examinationdict of charged, andtheir bias, andbywrang- Embassy passed on its way to this City. Let tunity of offering the jury bis own statementcome from the forward and thoughtless conduct of many women at Wash-""and other 'places through wtiioh the thingonerwas removed from around Court, gatheredWar, de^i^ ttMko"hand, at the collective diaracter of "Tommt's" female admirers, act, then, as a warning to ereryjin-The nextfrom theto themoming Eosrer, uistead of goingadultery," foul," and took him off. An offer of a pistol clined by Mr. Randall, and both parties thentures to whistle, the echo comes back to bim fromThe true rule ofour Courts and the English have now, at last,partisanjournals,in his favor that he is athe Department of the West. Tbt feOsw- ing Regiment transfers are approved, to takeprocedtirewhistler. The most trivial actions of his life are made affairs of moment. He cannot even sell a pair ot steersinteresthe have any, apparent, and leave it to thelast. The were picked up by the schooner R. 6.PatitT, ,Oipt. Honeoir, who happened to be neartbe scene of the 'distster, and who afterwardslanda^ them at Cape Hay. Twenty of the creware iMWtedM ajariog, but there is a hope thata portion of these weT«^r^scued by another vessel cerned, this statement is fall and explicit make allowance for it, just as readily as they last week bis prompt commitment for contempt abounding in dry goods of all kinds, procured wUch was seen near the wreck. The rescueddutyCompaay X,Fourth" ourdIstlBgalsbedguests,amongwhom Towiv isparties,lose by their verdict, and are consequentiy insigaed coon.latoalTT, at";deceived.So far as the Metropolitan Hotel is con- of that circumstance upon his evidence and presides.nowayTheyweighof the coast mentioned with commendation near which the Hungarian was wrecked asinnendo,the .future and inex-susiHciontail, than justiceany itvM 8aUOOt, or dally for •800,000 ;Orleaas, trts Saa Aateolo. to eoasaet wlBilkeaoitoo-can_ q. , far the Asaeclated Preaa. '\'venturebeyondwill, himwiflithevtewofInto an admission of bisnmatMref Cayt BiaaoeiD'a icpert efldfand Burvey ia the Paelle Oeeaa.TBI OVEKLABD BOUTS ABB SnanB UBB'IIBC*of a genuine Japanese. It were bet- Bbouqham simply proposes to allow the pris- "tenaace oftender mercies of««<»vBa8T—wBWBwniwnf? 'The ateaner Inflneace is being exntet hi 'AI'tographTomer," than to reportersbleads ta tkt the ataaa aerrlee also nryvote iB the Senate wUl protnblykeTHE Bonsi BU8uu>o BugiBBi iBDistmBiBaaaur. arlfr. AoiM If cm nfilH canlar, and will serrs They have gtme too far lor retreat Besides English law is indebted to bis exertions. He the encounters of the past week in chronolog- the ultimaium of the British and French, which The spasBodic legislation of fits Hoose waa -Ite till Aaaa Tweatr-iizth-steaet to Toit7-filtb- the nomination of Mr. Douolas is important, if has Introduced a bill into the House of ical order. The Convention met on Monday, we published in the Tims of yesterday moming, lostrated yesterday, la the passage of ajust renders it certain that the war will be renewed. large -yw not absolutely necessary, to the organization Lords for the adnussioa of a wife's evidence and on Tuesday, before the Committee oq Cre- The Chinese have made preparations for the most ber of trills ttom the Benate, wUdi had aerar teaaof the party in the Northern States. Under in favor of her husband, and of a husband's in dentials, Mr. Hooper called Mr. HrsniiAir otistinate resistance, and rely vrith confidence on read in the Hooae. mneh leas exaadaed hr aifio- In' Sanate, jesterday, a supplementary any other candidate their local tickets would favor of Ilia wife, and of the prisoner's In Us "that man," aad designated his statemente their ability to repel the invaders. It b erideati pdate CoBsmtttees, wtHa bfUs wUch haisbaaBMMni^aaltan lUlli-aTanQ* to tlis East SlTcr.iJiKKWS OF THE DAY.Tfnatiw jjPL'iraa also passed. The Post Route tm was tUan taken up, and an amendment ofiered,IfciiFiwIiiniilMi flliiiiiiiiil to provide for thestM^MpttoM was very strong. The bill pro-of their Panto, Egypt *c aad the compelling aotfaorUncIWmplaintiff and defendant, as' well as all per- sons who had any direct pecuniary Interest in the event of the suit,were rigidlyexcludedat bis hotel, and delivered him a vigorousright-hander oa the frontispiece, which led toaetaanythat the prospcet of a new war lias a very depres- law wlthoot ever having been read la the Iiswarluji^lip—liialslliiii of the Cah'lomian mails. TUsM*AiWrtocoiudderabledebate,themajoricylution.But no furtheraretoMr. Townsend'shimthe shirt-irontbe overwhelmed. His nominationfalse." 'Bamnhsthereupon &om the tone of their reply, that they cherish feel-examined sleep oa tbe calendar ladaC- iiiilaiaihiiil,twoetampetent wtt- number of American women in various on tbem the day after they were stance has it shown anything like a becoming Their golden rule is from HotlI,—"when there'sfor its own character andlaatWtmer to oppose the Park Appropriation KU foreign visitor, with all the importonate shame- taken place in his wife's pretence. The parente upon one of the parties to a suit m the court-BiiATCRVOBO, the President of the Contmisaioil,as .shehsil to bribe him not to fQ tolay mouth men forilliwiiiHil Albai^and in about andwassufferedto has hadrecovered,bydiving,goodstothevalueofstatieraeafthatjlr.placedimder bis care aspn|uls.Oneregardreputation.ship, Yar.proprietieslalaiyThe House bill for the relief of the BlgUh CaB-of tbe children, though wealthy, reputation,go unpunished, are still atbygirls, agedniaeand not at alla doubt, take the trick." The wreck of thebelow the surface, was sold to twopantos.pasaedproceedings. to testify«ma not 'aOowelbut' ilsOb fte IWk-9< FebmaiyUst tbeNo. to Oeld-stiieet occnpied by Hr. Hnsr tb!DB, waa viated Iv a taqlar, who carried away a- patent leather and other articles, nihied. in the aggmgals. at #M8< SolMBtaBiitly, nearly aU theit monstrous inhate oroner his againstrevenge. Between this andinwnog pafienUytosjanatycomplaint dalmaymakethecuriousamongonrfemalepop- biswifehavetosayunderoath. Theirstory thirddegree,andonMonday,thelltbinst.Us Tbeanddebanehery, cienttocausetbemtoswarvefromtheBotiiersisters were. Their Inter-JQi^.w«a found at the shoemaker's of property shopBamvei BoMtaa, No. 1S3 Gteoowieb-atreet. B«a- na vras arrested, and, after as examtnatinn be- fore Justice QuAOEKBBVBH, of the Second Dis-case was tried before Jodge Bcsbell, in the Courtof in a ver- GeneralSessions. Tbetrial resultedrRdM wAsHift<jri:pi rvrrIfrefusing a man the oppor-gotprece- him while down, but tlie bystanders criedvaluable acquisitioa. make, at Fort Leaveawortk, the uaual Inspectleas efinnocent there Is some.'onSenate tnm the Seerataiy ofhad ever glrea orders te aay eaean dbaeO^ thMBfor theirwith the same guarantees as that of the pros-%^p teselaMaa, er tothe same terms and is, perhaps, hunting him to deathconsideration,cases alluded to ia the Oaate^ any other eases whatator. The (bUhWoryef tte maTMe aad oOaror of a husbandinto tolerated bagnios, and to whom nothing there is tbe obvious objection that domestic intervention of any of the forms of law. Jndge Iilllrespectable hotels, by a stroke of their pens,hislife would saffer more fh>m tbe it throughless allusion, or an idleprobabletiiat uponhusband,againston this Important I>U1 to«lg]it, aad will be cleaa. provides for tti«« evcrlaad routes: aone, weekly, at aceet of taiMM; adoingsrri aietabum- ployed. The proposed bOl redoees the paaaaat «Mf Of seiviee, and aeeures a dally mall to the Padla. Itwas another de-is the one which by the obliging Mr. Buyan, of Texas, was de-On the sameand for occupied by the Convention broke down, send- without the fact; after whlekresult,Contempt of Coait.W. • Wn ballot had been taken up of the time of emanate that cozstructlott should same means of ascertaining whether the contrast to the Civil Courts of the City, often looked like very good beef, certainly, but there permission to go beyond the Halted States for tkeJudge or jury to estimate the degree of creditBns loHowed. There was a great deal of taste of these paragraphs we tiave nothing to say, to which be is entitied. There are just the The Court of General Sessions presents athe oxen they ing eminenUy remarkable.about ;and excitement throughout the proceed- nor can we control the sources from whence tney ; but, anyimproperbenefitofbishealth. TheleavetoLleuLWA«r»T»till be the first business of this morning's " ToHHT,'' since be has been in the country, has ever—his brother or father tells it the consistencywas better in market though it sold for less price*u extended tc Oct. 1. Tbe foilonlng disposltloa afpersons room,of such girls had been grcesly neglected. Their story The other was scarcely less flagrant. A per-liitei%nV«Jth the delegatiuTi from theBodety. Various parties went on shopping ex- of respectable joomaUsm, wmains to be seen. was direct positive.cunidM, visited the Assay-office, Tiinity Church, As of a hotel, aad not a« conductors was closed, because he was the accusedCuatom'-hooae, Exchange, Barnum'!> Museum, and proprietors forother places of interest. The Committee ol Ar- of a public journal, the Messrs. LiuiNn for- was his wife'sxaDgemeats is overrun with applicants for tickets bear to comment upon the " taato" of what they were the only other persons who could or, indeed, take any notice' whatever of it, ister at Berlin had suggested such a meeting, as Much coafusion ensued—many Saaators betog oatbesamereason, though they havingrefused to execute theRandolphMr.Hatch'smauth ofthe ;to Supreme Judges, compelandknow of the matter, and though there Justice Ihokahau was asked for an attach- anythingwas intheircharacterorantecedents mentagainstthemforctmtemptbutreserved nothingof the Cotirt wasIt was now, however, his turn to put at defiance with utter Impunity.ing Upland. Fora instance, pairfrom Company K to Light Company Bto the time we write, no further encount-ers have occurred, but an appendix of duels is cards stating their former ownership were dis-in the if expected to be added to these Fistiana nextweek.Daba,;character ofpartiesinterested in or the trials,Within a few verydaysexpectto see some en-troops on Puget Sound will take effect without delay:Weand it replaces the entire responsibility can weigh the efiisct of relationship npon iiis of a gross offender, and we. are happy to be from the wreck. One person disposed of 175 pairs The Post-office Defidency and Post Boato hiOsperhapsLofJthe Cantrai Park met at the journal with which it would seem in its worst much noise in England, has been the means of the equal promptness with wltich on Tuesday Church, who had secured a large quantity of sQks,jConuoittee appointed to investi-liiili nlij. and commenced taking form to have Jtift KOsa, ex-Commiasloner oflast he ponisbed a similar offender. velvets and vestings, after a long struggle vrith his concience as to his right to them, finally concludedAll tbe Peaaiylvanla Repreaentotives pnsm^ •>• eept Hr, Dixnox, voted against tiie Lean Mil, (Mi three Democrats only recorded their Bames iitlko' 'Lord Brodghah to attempt an appli- J'tot&e efisd and intenogsted claims a specially religious and domestic char- cation of the same rule to criminal proceed-'Imttas charges made by himwe are somewhatto thinkA married of irreproachable trasts unfavorably vrith this. Twice dur- clerg3rman,It to find such is pleasentof minols. The aJBrwatlvevraa^aBdjdU'vte eforiginated.As thisjournal inducingindisposed.„ He repeated the ^charcBa, however, by setting on foot a report which represents a and eleven respectively, of criminal assaults grossest indignities, tbem all resolved in favor of retaining the goods-''^'MioB, but was anahle ___^___j iaqoitaneeacter,scruples surprising to findlis,alllatoutea after It left the Beaea.ings.on his own that it can have meant to perpetrate a quiz," character,result of a sudden spasm of judicial dignity, byin his way.ing among such men,aad bo and his wifehints of the transaotion, and on it the clM was coa- the Court was sustained furnishes an example to write gooil poetrvThere was, of coarse, just the. same which must be imitated by other judges if cite the public interest In some ideal case of reason for refusing tor admit their testimony they expect to preserve the Bench from sinking vaigar profligacy, argue the depravity ofthe pub- in the last case as in the first, and the reaolt Into utter contempt. The ease vrith whichBureau,PrfnUng, ar prcLed for In the rceect law passed.theirversionofa fine.Thewith which the of dignitytheEveningPost, that the fact of his beingdaimages.allegedslave-brigFolnu/uthvraalicmind,thebluntingofthemoralsenseoftheshowedtheabsurdityoftheruleundermerepoliticiansmaygainaseatuponthesomeofthebestisinthevolumesofitsEditor. undertbeSecretaryoftheInterior,insteadoftheSa', bafan United States Com- community, and a growing general familiarity which it was excluded. Mr. Hatch wu, Bench, .under the elective system, has done His readers have a right to complain of 'bat ex- peiktcnaent of Public Priattog, and he trusted thaJi^BAM. Lieut. Abbot and with vice. Witii liberated, and the mudi toward ,„. examined, the former detailing all i aspect for oar cotempo- of course, immediatelyit in esteem. cessive toleration which permits every would-be it woulc not be ditce.^lOieon bond.ifaw Maetfaf fSihiMftWia«a». TheNewareck- WMTMbjrBiwalulit^ 1939eititeeolTeteitoeomntoftdeoenojmidtbopoue.Bead resolution and see. yourBaeea were eon-proprietiesneariy aignedwasprovedjustice to the popular sense of the_The will of the late Gen. Jesup."».BAVH-ntli.Iand iraawiBby^PraBhet tka tifoa tny oa« sach iagtanoeschool.fac<contempt in tts pnaenee, it will soon come to be of as little•frightto a reformatoryMopen w any bar-room cimctu.the16th.IntheOrphans'Courtwrong. To fix attention publictiiem for the suppression MttunitjrofwHascotBraelasta«tecodeBt. ct»iT5*te''l .•JafjwCl say t» t*eloweringwrought his min, has been eon- disposition to exercise the authority vested inMr.DAn»,a(>liaa<mlppl, (Dem.,)-What b x -•Mr. KmaMr. Daw—What is t»? _^ ^ Vii- MT.Kaa_Itlsa*eiaonalproaeon,r««*.-rtogto t^-publicseizore, and the ctiardCter of raiy, we are inclined to think that It does in- unfortunate child, whaee fabricatioa so Unless those who occupy it manifest somebaad to take shelter under his wings at their ei-^nm IIloatrBtioM of tfao^— , S.»».a.tm«-B-Untitled Documentcf Coluvbta wdi)tKentucky.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comyearto theof the trial the Court was with friends throngedof the accused, n^ manifested much interest in the case, and after the sentence, when the pris-na SBOBRAaT or A eoaminnicatian waa163 Greenwich-street.The public is interested In knowing by whatauthority the sentence pronounced in this case hasdiscliarging sentenced,— have committed sohnt while tac ufCcei ux liie iuvv was consoling himself by thereversing the practice of putting water into theprisoner,regu- without thegross anthreeoa the It is atthat Btnnebody should explain an occarrence fieidieatsatKIPase.fcrtaN,!*). flknrid tho-a^as "of a principle got home heavily on Hoopeb's knowledge- ings of special aversion to the English, and that ing many from the CBint of rialiaa . Amo^ tea*jnnridnig that the Seciataiy of inevitablyth* QMifor sball contract for the erection or pnr- affords the only chance of saving them.ckaw.oic a Goranunent PrindDg>3Qreau, was re- Nettling has yet been said of a platform at alreadv ia ibroe « civil procedure, both in box, and drew a justol. Hoopeb, having they will refuse to them commercial and political passed yesterday, and approved by the Fiaridert la- Mitad, aad canaed aome debate. The bill aathor- Baltimore, and we are iaclined to think that many States of the Union and in no pistol, withdrew from the ring. On privileges which they would cheerfiilly grant to dar,is one glvtng jadlclal pawantoSdldlrlMto df'^M^OIM^OOO, was receiTed from the thiswill not be mooted. If DoitolasMr. WHrrELKv, of Delaware, the Americans, and even the French. John Bull other GovanimaBt o&eera. In Chiaa, JiwSA. jpUaed. The LegislatiTe Appropii-subjectis nominated the Cincinnatireaffirmed, possiUy with the addition of what was called at Charleston the Tennessee reso-Wednesday,•wn favor in criminal cases. .application to criminalunqualifiedlyIt is simply an procedureEngland.platform may It Is, however, only two years since the upon Townsend, State, hard if he ever it at ofbewaited Mr. ofthesamenecessityby•f th^ne^is, howerer, still favoring the amend- be made to conciliate the South by declara- from testifying en tiie trial of causes in New- and cravat, and shaking him. After a bold forbear entering upon new speculations of anyattemptsaM«^i SnMil^ t)>e (^position in favor of the tions of principle. The Southern politiciansseisinghave come to estimate these their proper value.Thebe renewed. hood of Soochow, and the Imperialist troopelikelyprofessioassingeffectnpon commerce, and that merchants House.Tork.The presmnption of the common lawrally l)0th men went to grass, Whitklxy un- kind. There is danger, too, that, vrith the renewalKATID rASSABB OF TBB LOAB BIU,The I^oan bin passed to-day, and to aneeamhtatoais clearly under thefriendship by blows, enjoys CoaaalB-oaa Of the most Imperlaat BO*all. Business correspondents write from China toUds Coagrasa. And tkla bill kaoame a—It iswasdrel." Mr. Banoall, Jonlor, thereupon sent Alter such unfortunate antecedents any common the Plist Dragooma and Mooated BUa, will te tm-base falsehood." Montoohbbt retortedbeen an active politician scoun- venticHis, and of influence mwellall primary meetings.by lyingcall-;sybil might iiave predictedISOSeventh Infaa New-Jersey PitchbbfoUowing meats of New Mexico:goons fantiy InfastrT,Sl;Dished liy the Sopatoteadent of theThoee for toe Fifth uai Seventh Infantry,by thentendent of Eastern Department, and thoee for the;known in Con-termination of histroopsitsvoted tor It had it tteen nsoeasaiy.Mr. Lincoln is anfortimate. If he ven- recruits, transportations and supplieshe wUl proceed to make an Inqieetiea ofweterprismg Bepablican butcher advertising " Steaks Company D, MInta lufantrr, Capt. Ptczbzt, vriU re-this City chronicles the sale editorially, and from San Juan lalaadpresentsthe inhabitants of thatpart$11,000,six weeks they Cologne. work on her, and^^^_^ SENATE.W'a»u:t«ic», Friday, Joae B.';230,- Total, 6I&detachment ofntry, 11.Boxn> has leave of attaenre for two «ni^tha. Ca^ Davssb's toave of absence is extended six aaBOw. Llent. Snoiis has leave of absence six months, withCompany C, Foortoproceed to Fort Stellaxsoom, to which poet U to aa-Mr. Lathajc,^Tbe Asia brought a rumor that tbe Em- rsaolnt'.aii directing tie Secretary of toe Saaato toperor Napoleon waa about to hold a private in- pay tbe remsi:i<'er tobisin themandate, alludes to the matter, saying that tbe French Min- w. ss passed.Frankfort,Indipendance Beige- to gressiorial townshipCounty,affording the t>est means for perpetuating fr.Hud'v the floor at once, makii^g separate motioDJ.DUaoto,him morethat In the present criticaltowaids certain German States,tiie first bnportance to avoid everything which should t>e finished befcre the azscotive twstriaaii.aa could be regarded as a dcmofstratton. It is qutte tbe latter could stuid over till the next ssiltoiw . ..pleasure;able himself affords no sort of ex- cuse for tbe publicaUoB of the uitensely stupidsupplementanalreadypsmed, nu»tila>doggerelir.ethe age may be found in the Poat, wlule certainly New-York. (Rep ,) sala that (his proposed to placeon of the District of Co- lumHa. The estate consists of property lii the J)l»-((tc(to tbeerection or purchase of a Goverameat Priadaginsteaiiof the of the PabUc SuperintendentDuringthr delate on this resolution Mr. Knrs, ofInfoatiyrWltt  