 Ot. IX—-Na 2712. !SS^•"•P'VlOIJJU. »Oa IIBXICO^PRICE TWeX^N'PS*tliB, AoDghobvious to us here, are not equally From 1, 1859, to end of Jamutry, ISM, 7 montkf cipal of the English debt. >/ JvlyThe Triburte of tUa morning contains ite nsaalfincnpart, rhail resume lt« place, as Id former tloies, liaeprescatations relative to Mexisaa affairs. The ans, whlcb compels all claimants of lands ia dlQMnand is thetry,source of reliance forDuties are payable in two equal installments, onedollar,)vote to-morrow will show.FBOBABILITIEB OF A SFXCLAL SISSION.t pecuniary!Butaettlenent, The calculation now is that we shall have a Spe- intii Chancery. Without an act of incorporirtion Offrmcipalfjwith the United supnceefodr fi'teen days. If ihe persons whose names tke Treutv with Siam,II Obt Owa 0«iTMye>'***'Vmu C«ni, WedDMdmy, Jl«y 1«, 18M.in the popular favor, they have not TonaagedBes SxpotUUon dutiesAn-iva] of the.Irabu at BeitOQ.mOM OHIHA. HengKdngdatesefMarckMtdll was laid aside toenablaMr.KUBtuLi'tkCtoTc: Tnaty.of Oarikaldl t* tb« Italians.Bsaioa, Tuesday, May 99.The AroHa via be np at 7 P. M. Her mails.Win be forwarded by the morBing train doe ia New York atS P. H. to-currow.GaA» had antved. Active praparadena an made for war, aad the expeditiea North Isavea aailjr la ApilL _FROM WASHINGTON. Tbe Homsteai Bin Killed in tfeiSeuteto Us Oraat biU-aOrgedthe Ho^i^__Jikaa often been a subject of comment in •• United States why the milittry movementa of Ae liberals in Mexico h»Te not been more prompt mileast towards theFrench,would have certainlyoccupants obtaiat-d their rights ol poasasilen.Mbeffective, a* compared with those of the Chnch Party, and why, when raieing large faces in Tarioas parts of the country as tha Oon- timtional authorities have constanOy been able to do, and their cause haviog so large a jre-justifiableon thepartky toponderasceiaen able to sooner tem^ate a straggle which Inportation duties27,819 9S 1,315,796 85M 153,345 03 1«>W 57 •1,7M,815 11ments at the moment when by such act it is verydeprived of the means necessary to maintain its own existence and restore order, which are the fundamental conditions, not only of future pay- ments of interest, but of any security for the prin-The first is to the Neapolitan arrayFMdgs Insolence reigns over Itallsa gronnd Inhm igitated the cotrntry for such a length of Ike reasons which afford the aecessary ezplana-Additional duty, mejoras materlala, 20UxfM. 9 laaim.aderstoed abroad, and as they furnish matter Tannage dues Exportation intieskaaringupen both the commercial and political Importation dutiesAdditlesal duty', mejoras materials, 20Maieats of the United States, it is desira^e that per oeot(HiSSO 87 160.812 85anoBg tke first nations of Europe. I, an Italian sol- to commence judicial proceedings within two jeaiv From the Cnstom-house of Vera Craz there has dier, only aspire to see you drawn up side by side time for ratiiieatien of the Mexican Treaty has not or forfeit them to the Government without a^oia. "should be set forth somewhat in detail, which I now propose to- do.It was Napolxok, I believe, who said, the first laajs of military efficiency is money, the second is Boney, and the third is money. Uy explanationwith this simple quotation, and it wouldk* nearly sufficient to fully account for any lack, of $2,000,000 out of the above $4,000,000, and it willAeyand it is owing to the peculiar position he occupies in this matter, thatThe House resumed the consideration ef Pacific Railroad biU.K^kt stoptoand and which amount to over France,Eourbonlc flag the glorious tri color—the happy sym- Constlttitlonal well as by the ports on the Pacific Coast. bol of national Indepesdence and unitv, withoutMDpliah tke particular object I have in view,bypersonal respect for onr I( niater, Mr. MoLahi, and no firmer Advocate of the McLane Treaty, aadthe; it is the principal entrepot ef the coan-wasToombs' it was an speech againstextinguisher,as theonly positivecure monopoly of the Mexican trade. This is thepractical result of the present mortgages upon tlierevennes of Mexico, and so it will remain iiltle>a——ke support of the Government the re- forty days from date of discharge of ves-nhemupon everything has returned to itsnormal state." And a precious state that was^ a comment on this bulletin take tbe following in-TheGovernmeat cialSessionofCongress,aatkeHousewillrefiueto Ha toe last three days has Been la a state of unusualsome $2,000,000 of claims w:hich have been re.courageand almost theThe prerentprincipal cereals ardve^etsbie seeds, witn their bo-yeatedl; declared to be fraudulent and spurious. place. jhot which Spain insists upon enforcing,- for which reason, stiice the time of Como^ifokt's administra- tion, this debt has been held in suspension, anu iIFaliiekstom's organ,has been and openIdist--over,man whose siropl'cltv of life and purity of charactertheliibera! Govenmient has refused to pay the!•BDjust, by Spanish MIniateis sent here to adjustand a consequently large|ing maJe the pa-^sage In 4 days.On Sunday, at 2 A. M., when abreast of Cape Hat-I1Itaining monopolieswas taken off on tbe 3-1 lost. A mostF^ege its sanguina-conferred.i1'.countrythe J^cttive moment a tr'titor lols us to our enemie'i SurjriteJ, dirided, borne dcwt on all sides, we were fain to kght SMg'S kand to hfc:id, without order or direction :n streets filed with soldiers and j»-r': twenty tinrif s as nu.oe'-jj|Capt.IIunquaL'of a sre-^;' jGoveinment of the United Slates in the hope thatLet thedebt of Mexico be paid off by ther-^i -- In ament. w;:r.j«i!r.i; tbe ir.-jiufacture i..'establish- tio (jui i;iaU-ISLANE—MOVEMEMTB OF IHB: !i!system to a close, and by creating new and en- Urgedcommercialrelationswiththepeopleof bewhentheChurchisof and £i:ver i.-rjiament^. gul'ibeen ment.reooaalxa^firat end ofices of the oUier ports of the Republic being sel, and the other at the expiration of eighty daysprimitivelaalJy been able to use. By a convention made•Moe yeara since with England, there is pledged to that Goverament 25 per cent, of all duties of20 to 25 per cent, discount on paymeats that will accrac on vessels likely to arrive in two, three orineffectually•f interest on her bonded debt.To France there )s pledged 25 per cent, of allveryevi-cause in no other way could he unite the minority—kaponation duties on cargoes by French vessels,I.each of Hicbigan, Lees. Loomis, Ixjvejoy. IfaUary, Marston. Martin of Ohio. itcKt^nji, McPberBaa, Mare-perBlioBa. This arrangement, though more mode- rate than that with England, is still of itself sufB- oeatly burdensome in times like these, when the Oeveroment is forced to meet extraordinary ex- yenacs.To Spain there was also pledged, in the time of BaiTA ASNA, 8 per cent, of all duties of importa- tien, to be applied to the payment of interest andof what is called the Spanish Convention 4ebt, and which consists of $6,563,500, including Iour own trade with Mexico but this is the sys- ;tem which, during a long series of years, has been fastened upon this country and encouraged byin England upon the subject of Mexican affairs. The great mass of British merchants, not inter- ested particularly in Mexican Bonds, nor in sus- in this country, and lookingof Favlgnana is as notorious as the Bastille of Paris.disposingTrimble, vandeveer. Van ^jck, Vcrree. WaaSjWal-]Iorder that the revenues of the cpantry will not be®beIfeto-BotkNEW-YOB K, WEDNESr>AY, MAY 30, 1860.liberal Government ; and the more, when It is ties, by exacting from them, in this time olnatluia} ABDITIONAI, BVROPEAJV UTEWS. >«t •tti opposliion toaainqatrytyRasilalata tke, oOaa Deficlraey bUI was takanl^b and ^boroe in mind that all this time the moral support distress, the greater portion of the very resources•ilaatlen •( Christians ia Tarksy has gfvta fiaat sat- Mwtiaa hers.of Maryland, (Dem.,) further exidaiMd its On motion of Mr. HcsTza, of 'Vlrg^jt^'ftof both England and France has been given to the which are neceseary, not only for its daily exSat- PranrUndemtike oppositesideandrefusedtothis,andwhile6a- ence,batalsotoenableittorestorethecountry•# tk< Ubarmls-Il'Tke B«eet •r Ike BUAO, the French Minister, not content with a te order, and acquire that position of stability in Tke PraclamatioB*Afdltional duly, Intemacion Addltlosal duty, contra regtstroTotal for 7 months Total for 11 monthsTotal tor 18 months, viz.: Aag. 1, 1858, to Jan. 31, I860distress of the whole country, and the vital im-EnglandGovernment. This is anootngeons Mr. WooDsox, of Missonrl, <Dem.,) as a coavn>- Even when, before its recognition by the United which true an* duiable liDerty Is impossible. Your perversion of the facts in thc ease. Ubaqa owes his mlie between the various propositiOBS, proposed ahas i^ade himself an activewhich alone it canmeet the nationalbaiafregardtatereat InHe ledtcd the facts and rsfata'd"~"[*^"£simple recognition,partisan in the straggle, and a powerful and nn- serapulous one in favor of the Church, andpermanentlythose who were seeking to reestablish the supremacy of the Constitution.Under such circumstances, a different course, atagainstbut it would be be seen how slender have been the resources with States, the Constitutional Goverament sought to either complete nor satisfactory, nor would it ac- which the Constitutional Goverament has main- increase the receipts from Customs, and encouragetained its position against revolution within and commercewUek is to shew that it is not only to the moral intrigues from without, and haw limited have been duties, and did decree a general reduction of 30brethren of Die North desire see )on jola the Italian family.(Signed,)nothingmore thjin toposition in tbe Liberal army mainly to the influence mam trunk from San Francisco betvraentlM SMk of Americans ia Mexico. He lias a warm friendship and 42d parallels, north IsUtude, to connect withaBiiiiiii J OB the Liberalside ;quently anticipations in advance of arrival arebut an If expactaacy. tlMy gothe whetksr vessels of any nation, the end of March, the Govenmient raised the sum gatiena.of Mexico'sobll-and I fearthat my correspondence will be|iforentirayafment y^EuropeanVavvio,dragndthe Fuitns did the direct service to Harsailles. Two Govstniiient (rtgates left yesterday morning,Pacific Railroad Select Committee, IW against K. The foUowlog vrers the Yeas and Nus:. YBAS-Measts.Aeamsor Kentock-teportation, bywhich is to be applied to meet the interest onKeiican Bonds to the ampam of $£1,208,250 heldh Kgland, and 16 per cent, to meet the interestand principal of a later EitgUsh debt, amounting made at any time after May 1, Inst.te $6,000,000, and called the English Convention Under this arrangenncDt a foerchant RdvancingBBALTH or HB. DOTIOLAB.Senator DousLAS has not been confined to Ills be J.i!goMable Custom-house orders or receipts atper cent, iisctunt, teceivMe on payments to.b«rEDgSioA'a policy with reference to Mexico wouldindirobtedly have been very different had not the and foar were at Gaata, having been recalled from Having caught some cold onUie evening after speak- kuoLiB.oBtodts^r,.BonUany.BoTse.BralThe evils of such a system, and its unfairnesssuccessor should arrive and get the credit of itwho Is oltes in Palermo tells mediiectionof theState Department,and willawait the ii.aredent, and it will at once be seen that nothing could be more prejudicial to legitimate trade and freehouses and anporters, and it is the gaim that these houses make in this way, out of the necessities of the different Governmentsly to throw their influence, and many times mostactively too, against the cause of progress and or- der, and to rest contented under, and to rather en-but the iBcurrectlon was far from been haviugThe House at 5 o'clock went into Committee forEuropean Bankingput down. Dtspstchesjust arrived from Measlns an- nouBce that all was tranquil, and that the s'ute ofgenersl debate.Mr. Wasobcbbx, of Illinois, (Rep.,) addressed tbein which succeed each other, that has led them tacit- extension ofgenera; Mexico,thecontinuedrevolutionsthathavetaken,The Toss of revenue sacrificed in this mannerat all timesGeneral tlovcriment, but more particularly at the UnitedrenderedtypeRepublic.tellslieavilyuponthe resources oftheof direct interventionth- powerbers <if\^>t:(-h thetotanical designations.present time upon those of the Constitutional to it until the whole authorities who arc now anxiously looking to thethat beonly by desirablythat orct^iitMves to keep up constant rommunication, al- perma- Ihorigb aloiost all the gate^ of the city are closeii. Intcrlbid In llicir own characters.The Committee rose. Adjourned. From BaVana.of dutiesamount of claims could be adjudicated upon hon-orable terms. The treaty recently concluded be- by its aid it may be possible to bring this ruinoasassignedtwten Gen. AuionTE, as the agent of the Church Gevernment, and Spain, recognizes the whole of ikese fraudulent claims, and binds Mexico to their I\payment, whether valid or not, although they have twice before been admitted to be illegal and 'spite of continual putrols, the fo'lowis^ p orl^-natloi wai* po^tcd in tbe street* of Pdl'-rmo on M-av 3. zyX wh'^Tt»c.'- to.-n down by the police v-as 6;i;ollly rutUj> axalnBuiTPMS- Wo h.ive long awaited our revense feryottion^to-jrof ir..-|i -liJni^'migbout 'the were city. Theythe United States, the Euroj/cau monopolies which hav^ so long and so heavily weighed uponanimatesf>iri:nan:Bi5- f Brans.cfcaJlerqeit, ir f;'s;at last be bro- ken up, and a more legitimate trade take theirwhy. Alev. hours teiorelici'/NAii save the briile awiy. Amongenl were I )rd Lross, Secretary THmpsis, oftheSenatorsandRepresentativesiaCongress.the commerce of thecountry mayp^o^> manyP. arrived at this port at 2 o'clock yesterdoy, hav- M.,ing Sandy Hook.Seiior Don J. FaAsctsco Pirawio, Spanish Minis-left Havana Saturday, 19th lost, en rauU to Mex- ico to reside at the Capital, having received great at-place.The amount now outstanding of anticipa-reduction in the tariff cOLiheu he made. With this, and the fact that the.1cent, on tonnage d-jes, and C per cent, on all ex- ried on all the nernssarv machinery ofGovrrr- courage commerce an.lto resi.ect i-s lu/e'gri oba- a: errei-'.tiii!! tee .-iuelt.ea .if lie King's Govern-ers in that vicinity were nea r i-°"^ '' ^ "^iijeaco, for tbeobligations.England desires the payment of the interest andprincipal of the debt duo to her citizens by Mex- ico, but she has really taken the very course best calculated to frastrate this end, for her moral sup- port has been given to that party which not only does nothing towards meeting these obligationsokarges prefSRed against 1dm.Mr. BnrjAjan followed, and went Into flie deOlfiit'kialoy ofthe Hoiunas Land Grant, wUch K wp^SSrwere &sde in 1TT4 by DnsAOA, than So««MH4Ci Leolsfaaa, to eertaia parties from whOB ttemHabof the Liberal Govern-The duties collected at the Custom-house o subjects, by fresh outrages and unlawful seizures Italian aSairs are interestiag.Frtm Aug. 1, 1858,umd ef June, 1839, 11 mtnOu.^efollowing are among Gibibaldi's proelama 'that the Georgia, (Dam-,) raaaaadad,since the Constitutional Government :TBE SICILIAN INSURRECTION. FBOOLAlfA'nOIIB Or OABBIBiXni.Verahas been located here, are as followsCraz,Sttttmenti of leiiri. glidell ud BcDJtnli. pobllelBBds. This Is regarded aa a vMaMoa. Mr. Tooubs, o(mgpled by other parties, and posscsalac was clalBBSd try tbe Houmaa graateea,of rTiliM. June 3, 18M, rrrovidtBg tar^Sa final settlement of the private land clilmsia LaM^perceatAddltlssal duty, intemscion Additional iuty, cantra reglstroTotal for 11 months235,929coDHqwBOe o< Italian olsooid, batday thatTVMadar,Ohio, (Dem.,) advocated tha bill !•• portrd fron the Commlttse on Private Landbut iscontinnallyaddingtothe claimsofBritishtbe Ilalirsz liitpitcb,but thedetails laTHE II01T1IIA8LAND C1.A1M.Courts, and it was an&fr ta ilHM^ manifestly:of property while from the legitimate Government,wMch meDiTcsts an unwavering disposition tomeet its obligations, and does do so to the utmost$17,381 05 extent, of its receipts, she has exacted full pay tioia.been paid to England alone during the above-men- wlik tkete soldiers of Tares and Saa Uartloo, in 1,639,562 46 tioned of eighteen months, the sum of Older jointly to figbt against the eaemies of S<clly.$2,288,289 61— its means for placing the Liberal forces in a posi- per cent, upon the then existing Tariff, England at SioiUABs brought yon body brave nMn, the American policy it indicates, ean be found in em route, opposing the proposition for braaelMs foreit which the European powers have given to to act the better who bave hastebed to respond to tlie heroic cry ofpy tion efficiently agaiast disciplined once stepped in and, under threat of bombardment, Sicily. We, the remalDS of the battles of Lombardy, Mexico than ITxAsa. The pecnUar personal relations the accommodation of local sections.ibeClmrchGovernment,butstillmoretothepe- andwell-paidtroopsoftheChurchparty. compelledtheConstitutionalauthoritiestoretract are»Ithyou. AllweaskIsthefreei'omofourland, nary hold which England, France and Spain But the amount remaining at the disposition of the decree and again restore the former rates,claim- United, the work will be easr and short. To arms,haveuponth* revennes of this Bepublic, that is to the Constitutional Government has not been evening that the pledge of duties to pay the interest and principal of her claims was wade under a tariff of of certain rate, and that that rate must be main-coward or a traitor to bis oatmtry.Want of arms iske attjibated the inability of the Liberal Party the sum which apparently remains after deducting•IsB* to terminate the existing straggle and re- the per centages pledged upon its foreign claims ;state the country tq a durable peace. there has still to be a further reduction made, theTke great weakness of the Constitutional Gov- effect of the rainous system introduced and en- States have some interest ? Are we to be shot arms, all of jou y Sicily shall ence more teach the by Hod. H. Wibtix Davis that its recommitment was superior to any other. The time was patt wkan•naent is in its want of pecuniary resources ap- couraged by European merchants in this country,to show that the Southern route was la all respects wotIc how ac4)iintry can be freed from it oppressors deemed absolutely accessary. Mr. HAHiLTax's im. tbe South would or intandetl tofBeable to war purposes, or resources that can be and rendered possible by the necessities of the insists a tariff for the reason that the — upon high•• applied without impairing its ability, at the Govenmient it is the prejudicial and unfair sys- claims her merchants hold reliete them from the aamt time, to meet its engagements with foreign tem of anticipating duties. The necessities of the amount of half thfe duties under it, while the mer-by the powerfulright. waytheywillinanother,inS|dteofeverytl»Government are always great, and the merchants Let us look at the actual facts, as we find them always wiling to advance more or less, particu-chants of the United States have to pay the whole?Under the present arrangement the English mer- silence, publlshea the follo-n-lng bulletin: '* In con-favorably inclined.THB B0UHA8 GBAHT.Seaators Subxu, and BsajAimi made their defence to-day of the famous "HiniBas Grant," bat Mr-be coerced by the so-called freemen ofthe North, oat It would not be the first cor the last time that fllB South would victoriously meet the Invading tyiaala.Mr. BoaaxTT, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) spokeoftks general importance of a railroad, and viewed Itia.aat the present moment.Tcra Cruz is the seat of the Constitutional Gov-enmentlarly as the profit Is made to enure to the agencyhouse here, and is unknown to the principals athome, at least in the great majority of instances.who hold(originally sold in England, one-half at 50 centsloiiDlt> wlih what Tie have repeatedly said as to tbe perlecttiai.quiillty reestablished in Palermo and the neljhhothi oo, we rejoice to add that the state of siegemunicipalitiestained. Is not this a point in which the United women and old msa deprived of their support. Toout from the markets of Mexico because Englandwill of (Signed)cringe a uidted people. have what was IfG. GARIBALDI. prudent speech, it is apprehended, will defeat thebeg. Theythey cannot get tt laaaechantslargely of the Mexican BondsiiaiionalMr. Davis, of Maryland, (Amer.,1 showed thatthisbill was wholly Impracticable, tbe ^tant being mads directly to the subecrlbers, creating no more oar Jess thsn a partnsrshlp, which would be dlsioiveil as tbe first death, and the esiale thrown, forand the other at 80 cents on thehave a se-incityhad beenplacedtaken off onleqoired for the support of the different State from same date. If no prior anticipations have al-Qovenmienta, and for the movements within their i ready been made, these two payments are usually different mode of for the .elaims agnation. There was a council of generals at tbe pass the bill for the payment of the Pabllc Debt, un- lect Committee, in order that tbey may make ft prac-our Goverament nse its influence to obtain stfmetbe bill aud amendments be recammitted to the Se-borders. The general taxes of the coun- discounted by the merchants at some time payment foreign Palace on Sunday, and at Bight TrlDca Lniai less the Tariff amendment. This ticable under the laws of tbe lane.leepectiveliy, never easily collected or of much amount.during ag^st Mexico, or, at least, assist tke U)tn ontH went to Capua to bring up a buttery of mountdln accompanied byMr. Miusoii, of Virginia, (Dem.,) also took aThe result view of tbe that tke kOl wU_ legal questum, contcnii^!their term, at 10 or 12 per cent, off, which the Gov-she can be placed in such a poeitico a£4labyity and artillery, the only baileiy of the kind in the ser- amendment theSenate willrejectare, of course, still less to be relied upon now,vUlethecountryisinastateofrevolution. The•venue of the Custom-house of Vera Craz is,keiefore, the only reliance of the Constitutionalfieveinment. Let us see how much of that it has the portion of the duties unencumbered, at fromwithout theernment is usually willing to allow. But more fre-vice—this, unless I am mistaken, was sent off be anof the bQU was Impracticable.wnettaatiAat homerelied so much theSieUy, probakly for the transport of troops, which I Huvotrabcvea-., ton.BtiSstOoW,j^B)aUmUn.aUmMM,,Cva»rJsMT,thirtf upononlyry(•iter, and I'tts of the names of persons In arms, or priating $IC',100toTow!isuiD Habub, for negotiating to be so. were to be aSixed to ail public which is intended as an ac-of its Ministersunfortu- the influence of the few houses heiding a monopoly of the tradereprsseatationBhere, who, been undernately,have toogenerallyand without preleodiag to be a prophet, I tntok you will find before this arrives toat an expodi- tJoD ol volunteers has left the north of Italy forprobablyto-morrow.De Jamstte, FtBecce. Fnike. GarsatX. 0«_ mm, «r«bsm, IBau, HudBnan, Harris of 1_'Barris cf Virginia. Haakln, Baftton. Hoard,ithl. Byasubsequentar^^s"""*"^!^^additional $700,ons&y!.>- Apyil,leceivedinret-amanego- olthiscountryandinterestedinkeepingthecoun- Slcilv,andperhapshaslanded. Ifsuchbethecase, ThePonyExpresslefthereto-^ay,withalarge Houston,RewardofOhio,Hughes,HntctiinB,Jaekaoo.•Bewance of 8 per cent, was made to {England, t>> tiable Castom-honse order for $1,000, good at any teet arrearages of interest and installments on time after lat May in payment of the portion of du-in a disordered stateand Gabibildi, as 1 surmiie, be at the head of it, lee shJill hear nf a general revolt, *nd Sicity is lost ; for I can give >ou no Idea of the terror which the very name of Garibalbi B'.riltcs into all classes andnumber of packages for California. UlSCILLANBOrS.The War Dejiartment is in receipt of dispatches from the Pacific and Oregon Departiacnts, but t.'ieyJeiikins, Jones, Konkel. Landram, Leach of NorthCarclina, Logan, Loagnecker. Love. Uaclar. D'gneen.McBae. Miles. Millscn Killnrd. MoBtfon- cry. Idoore ol Kentucky, Voire of Alabama, Mwrill, Morris of Pecci^jlvanis. Vorris of fllino^s, IMsen, Noell. PeniUeton. Peyton. Ph.Ips, Pngh. Qaar'es, Bsa- jtan, Rieg^Tyiobioson of Iliiooli. Koffia, Sckwarts, Simms, S>iig)eton, Smith of Virginia, Smitbor Horth Csrolina, Spinofr. Stanton. Stevens, Stewart of Harr-tke bonded debt, which applies to duties of impor- •itien by all vessels except French vessels.ties free to the Government, accraing on any ves- sel then arriving. Heretofore these receipts or or-here,the tioopa especially. Airendy the public voice is onThis makes 41 percent, of the duties of importa- ders have neither been negotiated nor openly bid have successively arisen or who ;It has sailed- of course,prevented it, 1 lielieve that by Ibis time it is at leasttlaa by French vessels which has to l>e paid over, for, but have been the subject of direct arrange. aa cellected, to the English Consul at this port, m«nt between any house applying, or to whomOtwat,Georgia gentleman,latelyhas returned toWasblogton.lard, Stewaid of PenQavlvADia, Stokes,; for while in that state competition was kept out, and better opportuni- ties afforded for profitable speculations with theKaraard.trya manner to the comprehensiveproclamation, which owes origin to FiL-natiai,Commlitec In reference to tbe peraosal sod poliUcBl of Abbabam LmcoiJi, the Repobllcaa candi-or Constitutionalofthe United Statesety to the Japanese consists of 100 varieties of the ish, a public man without reproach, anl ai honestEngland's expressedtrade withsincein favor of a unitedforeignJ ir:!"!':!r.'iUrge jewelryLAI.GE PIBES OS THPriA51.<T OUTTSCBALK—STATI OFthemselves am' decidedlymember cf the Thirtictb Congress, and showad that he voted for carrying on tbe Mexican War, for Iiad warrants for the soldiers, for the River and Harbor bUl, for the Tariff resolutions, and for the pnihlMtlaa ofSlaveryIntheTerritories. Hespokeofhimasa man of great abilitv, a private citizen without blem-longfullyStates of recognition and support of the Liberasale or hypothecation ofthe Church property, andTBXthe country be maintained in a state of peace, as it will effjctuallydeprivedforpower mischief,ordinaryR. W. Sncriuit, from Havana, Friday, ZSth,at the asking Cmsrtis to rei'iire t^.e mints cop- be kaaded over to foreign Consuls 66 per cent, of Inature lUiring this and the next two month. This eentiguity the greater portion of the trade of all parti of the country w.^t lie.ir i city ga'ei.aQ-fke duties of importation on merchandise by sum, with about $300,000 received from sales of Mexico will fall into the bauds of the United For tlie last tnor-i we ii.sr'ite i^ch by inch with (cr ctntG at osr in f i.-hanKS fT other coin.Vttuth vessels, «. e. par cent, to England25 per cent, to France and 41added to the duties left after dis- counting to the merchants as above, and deduct-Eow turned hither underiheroysl tri:of>s r^'The arifcv is oi *y mas'erIjingwitblr. a fiw miles roiiri'!, fur ifce "vin/.e IsUadTticefits with the JapaneEe.ler,and ofimportation duties on all otlier vessels, 67 per cent., ». e. 49 per cent, to England and 8 per cent, to France :and themerchandise,byingcircumstances of faircan h.->rdl, te uragined ; its commencement rolort'.i U,>5. M*-s.r.a lias beer, threatene-l In tne lures. Among e few succee-f-wit oo;s was Mr. Spaid- Several large fires have lately occurred in soma of;hands ofthe coinpe- T.-->i'B ..•i vi'!.iv«'s bi>o ti'-isted the Its'.Un t-i- tervlews with tf.em to sxtibit specimens Government officers ofthe Island.titioD,will form i-ie coiii-st gees J:r. w-!th^,-t rciaxa'iuo. Y-j'i occarloaed aniio-jsconstitute the entire receipts of the Conslilutiona' thns leaving to this Government but 34 per cent. Government during the eighteen months 3lrna,Iy dear of its impoiution dutlea bf FreoA fqastis, mentioned. During this time it has sent large and 43 per ceut. by the vessels of all pibtt amounts to the Ulterior, supported several expedi-aT> f* in ^'•"' '"""n'"'^'''' -''T- T'-'^ one Boiiibbn My.e. We have not laiil Uown nur i»»,ofNe« York, the te.-t ofwnose liquid glue not ths sugar planUtions near Trinidad, destroying^la addition to this, it has to hand over the 6 pernations.tioDS;it if toA'tUi that Go»erQ- caSfN.VTr.WASBiaiiTOB, Tuesday, May 29.Jfitted out from iliis StRte, sustained and sue. cessfully resisted two sieges of Vera Cruz, and car-inthe premise'commercial interestmenl in Mexico which sho'vs a dispij-i'^or. *,^It. Ca»i- 1 and f'apacl te'ated with tf-^cr tie ern!. i(s of o*..'^.rneil br 'ibers who hvJ dlt,pc,-?ea Uie r.-ja! frauds wncie^vriBcy met them.wuJcn ""=•; reports that, among those pl"antations an^were the Caro'slcentlT suffered, ^ i"^"" p'l^an't^-and the total loeees up to the l«"' "?^'r-Churchandprop.:ity,State*.greatImportanti'< ,-\couiitrvToere are a number of per-the allowed on foreign claims, percentageshas Dfcrto oLtain ia-tis c^« ni-r. to ;ti' cry of tbe tv^awc-e, sons here from a distmce endeavoiiBi of miaufac- tentions at theCaptain-Generalpolicyplaceswere therein nanxBstruckout,'heywouldbeliabletobetriedbya chiefif a rommon man, t.ne captor would have 50 d-joats A r* vo utiinary com(nUt<-e in Piilermo, the mem-of his valuable serviees to the oom- merce in the East.were b.-ougkt In entire Press, not excepting the Post, LiriT by any one, bis cop'or wouldbave 104 ducits r.!«ard ;Soci-£sch of the Prlnires receivestied in itsStates, admiitingtbypolice vainly attempttoof nently reinlited.^,-^can the affairs'liieJapanesef.i( :>everal days past have been on aadvocacysei tK mnm and instructions to ttic lasu'geuts, and the sliver meoal of the Society, with tlielr names in- speeches on various subjects. )-printGovernment,court-martial and shot. IfAgriculturalMexicoand thewill bemorethan suffi-nowItncoafe was not faTg;»bleacr?;tfdall furtherresourcesofthecient for the expenses of the General Govenmient,Tbe Coamoiltec ol Ways au-" Means have unlerthe foregoing it wHI be seen that, wttb tions maHe since 'be residence Jiere ofthe Constl- merchants of all nations will then be on an equal on» ae r urselves, but who vet co'ild not sustain the coni-ideration the petl'-lonspreser.tcd by Mr. Baioos, teras, tbe Quakir City eccounterad very heavy winds ^yiSngliahapdFrenchConventions,therehasto•utir.n.;(Jjveriimcntisabout^350,000,whicliwillfioeting,itisevidentthatfromsimplegeographicalshocko(ourlirststlauk.iorstcoretaU<lCo;nmg-d>aityafrtloime Eumer.iuslysignedbjbti3'ri*>:iaicnofNew-York,fromtbeN.W.,whichlastednptothetimeofreach-that trade will become when once the attention of our people isFaternioanclof^rtduties,assignedtoEogland,asbeforestated,mcnt.If accomplished gotions,andtoassistitinthatrespectin •'"Ve"n'urii.rcfclare-.j-v,wtUev:ctorvisyetasiemorialcfcitizensofFlulsdeipbiainfavorofaSummermonths,tohisP-^i'a^c~o^,""and has also to meet vario-js temporary charges, sa, for instance, one existing for some months yatt,butnownearlyextinguished,of 10 percfnt. an the importation duties by vessels of all nations,a»s.ignedii most requires American aid ;jre.'ra.n.di; >.r>'d of oar flioie anl .ne uoliuiilel tirin > *.»-:^l,i-oipsp'rh»-a6j«esftnuxs',.itioreadstosr,oebicn'g.cgcnsetiriisp'peid a«t->iBeihlngfor the repayment of mor.ey taken froman enJ to the slate Lands, presentasked to bedischargelfromchiefs in the interior, under the supposition that ii;t)n>. Go»eniu.<ii-, iui'! to ffft Dt t!»e Sicily£»*e '-''T?S°?S'kn.rb?/n°tts-«^!;to tl.eHeniaM^'o ac. -....-cch-s-^.(^DeTm.^,)»peti- i, ,812 for penslens.claimed as English property<»n'l i ti.l ov. II! i'f»,.r% cf the HcuscAll theseobligations tipon•owMr:. Sicii-v visl'iecoil; rur-ti S»i- iB-uirfcUoiisbflwe- a ISi') ai,j IsCO. opposedcaind. we wken the Senate was full. victory| 'Iti.'gardens, ^.^t^ongwas a Reactionary fund, but which bus been Tiratly ecjnal to the total amount ofthe duties :mVr. JcBBSOB, of Arkaasas, (Dem.,) moved to'into the iaierior, have raised a revenue probably Klitutional Government of Mciico, we a;e aUow- edtae cdiot^s C;iir- o -r f.bj-' t is to overturn -^lEion ofpublic lands within their limits, onaold for five years.Ijinglaei.t the couli.-^i'-tf so much has been with so wliicti ).t;x:'itrr'Alit>nMr. BlOLiti;,Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) presentedGen. 8«»a«!<o has aad 'eTM-'",!nearlittle, it is not to be wondered at that the assist-ance expected from the United Ststes umler theTreaty is looked upon as most important, small of which it is deprived whiie slaggetio^ imdei the o' al. governed by '.irce ar.d ca'.rlre, widFort Principe, on the Fa'cothe sum may be.Meanwhile the CAurcA GoDcrnmcn*, by placmgTiieselights,!: js ^'fg.it'J In the C;-fs CI tJie worll— »e deciuie,pianlit, gave athai U, in pecu- niary means to cnisel tha; portion of its resourcesReferred to tke CkimmUtae on Ur. JoBNSOK, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) from the Com-Enior.;an ohl'gatiors.also ihiir political weight, as doss also '.neofthoughthe Mint of Guaiwjuato by one of the Lihrral . heavy additional duties on all merchandise passing fact tnat while we hnlu back from aiding the Ci-i; ol lb ugs. T-> ih.s end cur actions are direc- Uie consideration of the biii to eade to the States theIweight carryoUlgc-lie s.y, that (irxe wc laist fufler, our diiet- miltcs on Public*^""SJfi;'-5rici.*u'.thecelot)raiedthat country to drift onto a state of anarchy «:ih l>iofe more fnt.i;n»:e provinces i*!:.ca al'ealyposed by the n.ition^l Uriff. Bnt this they have which involves either direct European iniervea- 'jtir -srI nf t c C'eat Itaiiaa faailLy. In a word, we up thc Homestead bill. Agreed to.applied exclu.^ively ta their own purposes, entirelyplied wi!h ever since its installation at this place thelegitimste auihorities hwe constantly respect- laii; to hepi«;U4icia: io ^uisflves.S-ivny.and c^ be see. in dear br^'^ '^e foUowia, report ofthe Miramon;r»1 "d 12»lioT; antagonielic to American ii:tercsls, ordiscjl"lt» customs revenuetke Constitutional Goverament has religiously com- ignoring the foreign claims upon the nation, which nlion and d'SHieni'j'riii' nt, with coneequences ccr- Slid 'he . ffer -he i ui.idB by ^cr Farhamenl Has b-ea Mr. WiDi thef/e-tl^tJv'e t'bc I'c^l'o^ tlllS'.'cl "ed,Can as much be saiJ of the so-called Church Government has dra>vn largely from the Church Wbxbx IB ConTiHAS ?y-The follow-iig paragraph We may ^e var ci'iistieil, and siy ce ag»:a reduced to >otloa to dl«igree wasinJuly,Covernmemllesides lhi» &our*;e otdeclare osttesidp ofthe rleht.After some desultory1863.in.-;orae,irC'W do,yi;o:aiVais? And to that and has constai.tly raise.! large sums forced oceorjlaaletterficm the Ers\;r.«Tiiicecrieericn'ieDi ti«>->y, b-jt »o i-D^i t-c t-£vc6 eve.- tarrlD'e. ever aU tbe Democra-e but Mr^.^K'i"c,"c'f- are we not forced say by tc i-'^iorome i'su? thatI ! rlahi Whires, ^i^Uthat Goverament has not loans and illegal exactions, a;l of which, as does oJ lie hew-Orleans CAt«fHi 'Let m- asrure you >).]af»tRb!c between the esecutlCEar and his voting alt-matlveiy.^ lutjarcign obligation of taeMr. KiBO, of iBOwntotheauthoriiies. 11ctetha:i 'hat, nacy of eetliiotaur of >aple«. ViKi eUalit: Visa ViOBoa ""^r/rS^bt^iarre^:!--Erch»n«is on London, W W»iaH of a private nature rtaVmlct. dav^-largely Power 7to thejustclaimsof every Europeanheavily upon foreigners and foreign commerce. The preceding statements clearly show that while England and France, (as of course, also,peailum. United %tatos, 60 days, H<ai V eent.only violated every wee», ein.r"!e, p.,„,t*iNation,sad that bis presence la the fe>wr>wasp'j^'iciy «Mi-lidelig'itB tbe in.~.via->:ear.'snipi! cr;ie'»y of^'^-If^^l*!,but also added the imposition of double duties, welgh^^ t'.e mast that tlie baidlt Co»iis;awas iB Mataaioias last i-ictiiiit-, bc'wefi tte opp'f'so.-e «Even during tha extreme want of the last siege•f this place, when the Constitutional Cavera-nenthadatthemomentnotadollaronhandto theirrecognitionandcountenance,andtheweight abl«suthoritlesandottlMBsofiliit^moras,aidthepay the garrison, the moaej lying in the vaults of Ike Custom-house belongliig to the duties set aside for its was left:>»», M Urmi of VM r,»y tJiat we ara living on o«*ceUntitled Document,R.p.J%f.r» ':^L^^mi„m his aodoB mad. by the House. to -Mi.duetloBsandWitstrr. from AspiBwaU .18th, troManrlai rengers for New-Orleans, aad latanlM «kar paa- attli tkefromforeign payments eactedlyupon;they have,frti-r< the Mtjle«n«, when ttiy t.*iai i>kip »)!.•-.to disagree.eh»dctioBtheir ci'izens and commercealso, at the same time, by means of their Mcntu- arj hold upon the revenues of the Republic, efloc- ually lied the hands of the CensUlutional autho:i-teaJiJed foilm«I- anchSTt,ckalf.r,boats,ttoiet,Ac., p-lceeHno ehieJTajse jy^se,far New-Orleans.kis men and some oi his officers ars renideaisof ttit£.k'£ia'iL' I'AiBBK?, Way 2,werecomtdercd.,?•;,.«^'4;* cT;;!.Tonow'ii; ^B'tce anO can b» uta Iroai 'J;« Uoctt of ow housesIteo.<Dem.,)"'SlvX' at Havana. May 84, British Dnrnmje^ml,of walkJDi! OS Ue opposlie sunk of the :;ver. Cchtmashave been giving all the moralof their influence, to sustain the Government of rfii^mou«wl.ere)ils)oiio»er8 collect Is koo«njo The wreck of the- Amerioan (-acket-ship 'EndvmUinSpain,)the Church,support tre.Kd by tl>« mort LinifeK is coMlderateiTwhich has been heaping only injuries kn»dien«o( th«elliz«»B of IBal city. Is It t^Mst. vas sold at i>ucti«n at Urerfool for £1,2^ HerCrut•»aiul|rhttiotlewii la WasllDgtna.I:iit ontaidaan;.of Ur Bcake-< ofwhite aiaa « Be wovua i^cUkvc «r frtgif^W it."Bt. rxvaBsBnaoa, ;-'-'.':..y. Tke aaxcnzcaa,nt tut Eiis;«i.J nctarljThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Pa-diag tae c«K:d.ra-Jen «f the ftibject, ae Pail-OjBgrcuIt «»i:m! b» h-ua to £ad awcaJi***nioCoc. coEvenatJoa. «r-'¥l?e'^'.t.? c'^-'«»?«':;Tie Europeaa IstelUgeace is mainly coveredBbbjaiuk said these rjgbts had beenthree gcneiatlons, liad l>een confirmed by oaXJjmA'on tbetke MBS af Oaninltcs and Martia imlled with the bretlueaef Sicily you ibsll join the Italian* of the Norths On that day our luitlOD, of which yoa are ttkeWAaanarai, THB TBiBinix am thc ArvAuiBMr. of PioB,wtUch thetbe 3o Instsnt by the commander of that province,telUgeBOe, on which you may relysome kind, the work msst Hestop. snagesMdtbatalways needy and corrupt Goverimients which the traces ofthe expedition, and every one ennouoces conlaiu nothing of special interest.like Mr.identified themselves with the Church vastly. Unless the Piedmontese Government hashave,thatths details MooKX, exag^eratini; Com. whoexchangedshots-with theand lent all their influencelar Constitutional Goverament, or like Mr. Mat- would dare to interfere, though it has refused to give ing at Senator ^libsll's. As regards tlielr leavingtheTBKW, who in his haste to make peace before his up 12,(00 Diu«ke<s which had been collected by theAJapanesefor home, they place themselves entirely nnder tbepartyagainstpopu-and 1 scarce'y ttilnk that the Governcaent great chief for this special purpose.'Wisdom, Wood, Wr1gkt~l(U.Navb.—Iliasrs. Adsmsof Mss8acbai>ctts. idraln. Al-len, AIUv.An4e son of Hissoari Ashlev Babbitt, Bar- rel t. Bingham Blair, Blake, Briggs. BaffiagtoD, Baaeh.The act ofaad 8 cent, of the daties by vessels of all other competition, or more likely to injuriously affect ment has really been thrown in a direction pre- ar d every thinj; was compulsory. When the insurrec- Select Committee of the House, to-day, is regarded bead, Klblack, Miion. Ferry, Fettit, Patter, TVtiia,imi 49 percent, of the duties by all other vessels. The Convention with England also provides tkat 6 per cent, of all tonnage dues, and 5 pet cent.the Government might apply, and the Collector of the Customs or Minister of Treasury.on•f all duties, such as the export duty on even when these orders are publicly disposed of, ] j,„ to force the Liberal to becom- Friday, at 4 o'clock, ihe shops were opened, and the movements of the Niagva,Bntterfield, Oamsbell. Oaac. Olsrk Cartar,export — gought party cafnon removed from toe street*, but on Sattuday, at •liver, Ac, shall also be applied to the payment and are negotiable for they are sure to fall into illiheral only that peace might he made, and be 4 had been as a row ortwaFrom tbe Associated Press. WAsmsOTO!!, Tuesday, May— the hands of a lew influential houseso'clock, tbey .replaced,bad takeu place tl« night before outside the gates. The cavalry, he heard, bad suffered much, and, in- deed, beyond Palerme the state of ttiings was awful. An order to open the shops was posted on the wallr',en route ;pertonthat,BorliBgBBC,otUistonri, Clark B. CoehrBne, CoUax. Oovads,0r«ds otUiseonri, Curtis. Davis ol Indiana, Daell DnaB,M- eerton, Bdwaids, Kliot. Sly, EtberUfe Faaswoflh, yenton. Ferry. Foster, Frank, Goo<^, Grow. Garlej, Bale. Helinlck, Hickman, Howard of Miohinn. Hom-Of the iBter or little that was precise was knitwDthe contrarietyopinionsni;»; i-u ihl-ijcit:SOCAB The Unitrd Sl.-ites Mnil steamer Q«ai:er Cify,entered did not and hiiv* their appearknowledgmentt>yWe ita) be vtrculBl'.ed.bJ: neverNoe. « to "'"Norirto'?2"63S5i 14.8-or4d®l?-•i-eliBg 'rfFb trc»-Dstc biUgand in Matanzas, 300,000 boxes, again*www.fultonhistory.com::passageconstantly consumed in war vcpeoses, and the na- lensl that an enter has bees given for sending and a eallof an extra session. Such is the expecta- grantees take nothinglast Blsht. At tbe same time it is said in the ar-adjournmentMr.CnTis,ofIowa, (Rep.,) replyiat,said tbeoftn: to offer her«el'iii 1848,!K fh«» moved that the Seaats dH'-gree Henee amendaent.JttlSCELLaNEOUS. SALSorAWaSCKEDTESSIL.steamer Star ofthe West, from ile«.l4rtaaas, inovedtoconcurta leavinglor^ew-York23d,atIiM.;eteamerOsawlregardStates tkemnowtogetntoeo«rtta«et«bll*tlMlr4Mak 91» nevisions of tha bill required them to UUgatn «IM», two years, or to submit to having their laadl eiflBWtionalization ofthe ChurcM property.which the Con- off 5,000 more troops to Sicily. I have it from military tion of the Republicans, who have determined on on uBd do certain things, they will get their par, butsought by the Government, and sums of fifty toj cototherwise.;Tbe questionbill and amendments.jipewersuccessfnl iaKae,o^ thus the means be provided taken np on SundayCubussixty thousand dollars are frequently raised out ofoien and etvtUaai, and the foUowinr preparationi no for stitational Government'hss decreed, but lacks the seems to confirm the report. Two of the steamers having provision raisingmwaey, if such aa ap-was stated to be on the recoauaiUlatto enforce, caif^ carried to a practical and beloDsiag to a private company, which had been ra- tnined by the Gcrermnent a week alace. were againpropriationof it be made.THB COTODB ISVBBTIGATIOS'.ai tie oporea'cd,;'^J.T.'^'^ -*~-=^»^'Sa«^^=JS^*^^^S>:i?^'i;^?^'^^^Adjourned.BOUSE OF REPRE8SNTATITB8.WASHiasnnr, Tuesday, MayM,ples:^; It is time for yon to Imitate the magnanimous ex-ample of Sicily by rising against the most impioas oftvrasBles. To the perjured asd blood-tnirsty race he will probably leave Oie Cabinet of Joiaas. The Mr. Noxi, of Missouri, (Dem.,) offered atBSt has so long tortured asd tramplod unon you, letthe free Ooversment succeed, which eleven millions Trilnate also persists in its statement that UaaoA is to the effect that the road commence in WestRBexpired, as stated in the IVitwM, nor win it expireuntil the ittlk of Jtme. Neither was the treaty ob- 305 900 52 $1,431,908, and this notwithstanding the general Another proclamation is to the inbabitants of Na- tained by the iifloence of S^or Lxxse. On the con-period (Slgnea) G. GARIBALDL158 781 85 8,592 06portance which has constantly pressed upon the 1,760,815 U Constitutional Goverament of applying every dol-lar it could raise to the termination of the war. $4,049,104 72 This is apart from the sums that have been paid-Deduct from the above the percentages pledged over by Tampico and other ports on the Gulf, as of Italians now enjoy, and tubstltute for the foul fighting on his own account, and net In snpport of the Texas. Rejected.a reduction of the rate of existingG. G4RIBAZ.DI, G. RICC.IRDI. B*RONSTOCCO.andbranches from Iowa, Missouri and Texaa.Mr. Shub, of Virginia, (Dem ,) advocated a SaoOr.One to the Sicilians is as follows :no excuse. Weshall gel muskets,butfor the presentcharacter,calculated to promote the Impor-:Ihave a oftrary, LiBjJo opposed tke treaty;theMr.Feabx,ofKew-York,(Rep.,)replied,ing the action of Ihe Special Committee In reporting then. He wbo does not Esatch UD a weapon is a in the Liberal cause, are a guarantee for his faithful- the Central route, and insisting that it is naUoMl laai,y wearon will do in tha hands of a brave man.The »!iaU provide for the chlMrea,Mr. HAimTov,of Texas, (Dem.,) made cotBDariSBttSTBI STATI OF TBI TWO SICILIES.Ctrretftrtdtnce of the London Express, NiPiiB, Tuesday, May 8, 18«0.Southern Road, towards which tbe Ilepnbllcans were bioda them to the UnloB. It might be said they wod(The OJieUl Journal, last r'gbt, after a week'she holds with Americans, as well as with the leadersjoetU;;-ness.TEE PACIFIC BAir.KOAD BILL EECOHUI'mD The Pacific Railroad bill was so dissected to-dayand best tant purposes designed.Mr.powerThe bill and amendments were raooauaittsd to the,htai nave beea assembled In that place. A thunder- ing, it took effect In his face and throat, and was ton. John Coebraae, Csnrln, Cox, Cobb,bolt Hraato have fallen amongst tbe royal party, painful, bnt net seiious. He will leninae his seat North OaroUi.a. Oiawtnre, Cnrry DavlB offour monthsof$200,000fromthemerchantsherebygivingne- s'onofKe«tackv,Ave9cy,Barhadale,.Just before the siege of this place, atall round the coast as a as consequence,;they are the Sorrento andThe Covode Committee not having a quorum pres- ent to-day, no witnesses were examined.'J9. the Pacific Railroad bill, together with tke var ous amendments, to theticn broke out In Tropiiil the prisoners were Uoerited ss equirslent to its postponement for the present sss- Rioe, Bobiaaon of Rhode Iiland, Kayse, Shermaa, cisely contrary to the tendency of public opinion from FavignaLa. and joined the patriots. The Bagnio sioa. The reasons for thns of it include Spanlding Stratton, Tapnan. Toeaker, Toiapfcina,under these repre- sentations the influence of the English Governphrev, Irvine. .InnlSo. ofEeDogK niiBois7»eH_^.__.of the people to the majority;recommittingas to tketo secu.'e the execution of the work by those onwhom tbe franchisee were tohav-j had been publisherl in bolb places. Arms were to be unaBimonsly agreed to report the Senate bill, appro- hdiastteorfyor President. He reviewed his reconl as abeThe Hottse Committee on Foreign Affairs to-daytiesof164S.Hai'tututnecruelsinrerTvhc-e;tneB-Jur^r-.nvsi klaiiainBonisco,vrilewofliielat«R<iss;..a.M-lni»- MAEKKT.b»en we hrtvc giventer, WIS rr.-rl^.i to Jar to Capi. Scctt, of tao British ; >{iit icn iw ihe rj^soa Arm/. He w;isdro«-e' ir. fj'l uniform. Presiieutthosefiilniiof brave ^.atiiots llicking to receive3*ir*^immediate duty of the bulled Sttti'" Oivcr-.mo-i;' X i':isri!? br-vi repeatedly seen cir aia-.ics r»td n- enly f icitei! their aHn>ir3'ion,bntlarge quantities of sugar-cane alreadycut and pre-,a wilsuewii) » thiltad a".d dying.have been of small pres- many escbangesis clear an't dic'ateiJ by Oar iuet.eat-n but lately llic soldiers who hal ten seat 11 cjnliy B£ to ite mode of preparatlot. plaiiily ;pared for grinding. The newspaper J>'?^''J "'j;^cf the tariff. Fuiance.The Taconfromlheopora.1^-bien»<;'i^^*"^',tt"ihae siiters Nsuactcaeus,s''"^ proving greater Seiiorea RoM "".^ ^i iroli, the warmth of tke sea-changestats that Bfa- Heraiana, (Dem.,)to make apersonal eivaiail The Pacific VMixmA BUI ia the Hcnae. he eatablisbed and confirmed. For years the clalmeo under tne Hoomas land great vmeThe Ministers are entertained tkis even- Uodfrwood, Valiandighain, Vance, Wal'tToanj,lorwjeTbatjert,.ofof the road, and the insufficiency of the conditioiisWa9bbnnieofIllinali,Washbnmef Maine, Wood-.•Muhoovadoes, 7!»a6Mrl»l.s.upeSjtkojc,k «« ;^««"proper locaUoninJne^,o'..andl;,to the repealactdrcnrufr Woodson—SI.utles wsre not goodaspect.endeavored to obtain for the Committee to report at any tiaM.him theSeveral other members obtained consentrial.rills ; No.. 15 ti' 16. OH®10 rial.. InfeH««raad?«a1,3y rialsband here SSSX""oM bore! last year. Molasses,of »J« gallons. FreigMs without deciiao rasla!l!»^asBved that the"^IT^s^rer^rHoL aiend-ent. to the fram St. Tftomas ntblnst., leaving nextday ar voim^r^.to tW I»«h»na:MSi, *|a«wr M»w-TerkI7th,laavla« aaoM dayTha Qu*ktr Citf reports tha kaalth of Havana excel- laat,andtkawaafharqoitsftae.Jf theys..;' an'ouchrd.0ure1y such persevering good faith towards i'.scicditorE spe&l:s vclunes for the 9tT**niul of theittt Ibfir tif sti it! to t« botB l)T act ai>d word ? S'V-hTsa oieiSNe or bdbsia upon toukkt.May18. 