 Iton was inactive.Other branches of trade exhib-other "Assay-office, and found toyield silver to the value of " three timekin that direction, and partly because there will rich placers of Arizona." We are delighted to of Elm Wood ;" aad the next actors on the stafs|a»Ji-."t-"••'^•setal '/ait \be U«%«ni «^but to once is the most charming perfonn-J\•everal houses, *a"n'd'«so .-^ *..?"?*';:les and took m.int5e^r^^{,t--.-rs'5f^rg^g'e°w«a"s..',staleqtentsfast time-piece at Syracuse, an adroit shoulder- ing of the venerable Stevkkr out of the chair.the upper part of the Island of Manhattan, is about!!>>;w^TMkOlir."VO UtYBRTiaVRa.r%<ir'"- ^'i^lfwestates which once decordfed has utterance.fwhichthrewgiven utter £100 attomanysweetnotes,.to decide thequestion as to the nomina-.but that being a member of Mr. Fillhorx's Cabinet, heconversion of theby habituating the Courts of law toPresident,ground that cannot theyonThis population would—>> **. nnt~-" '*" -*"the Welate tlBM BmlUii*. fiaotlBC tb* Otty « nrk-mr, BfnM ud Kiatm itratti,^provocaUon for someclearly enough the estimate in which he holdsof our officials, shows the tamentiU)le aad des-withintheimmedlaleir great circle of expannon upon whichI'•TOSS mnstomemorial wasa total of 12>tl.be, IpoliUcal caucus,New-York is now is just newly entering(DrnOy) li pabUihed trary lial«T«nlBC—PriMTiroOim.nmd atUMApril 26, 1,401;makingnot likriy of the praseqt gmm-ItTT fhtaBW''rOBZ1Iia&(8aBlWMkl7>-TraiDeL-ation ;of the events of the current-\'-am«r; twosaviMtooBeiddnMSarriTlDoiuu.legislation, as welland the abundanthe has been in the effort to se- would find motives for the most vigorous"and*• (WMUyy-vwo douim • 18th arrived yesterday. She brings no news.grati-memories of theof flagging pacfe at which the tremendoos oowaidof theb at the prewnt moment »o rapid a« to and Whisky, have been in request. A';in and appearanceBiining. Enquirer announceswithin pui-ahat of our splendid Central Pirk, will appear, like thaenlkrgement of the circulationMolasses,but not the less perfect af their kind on that account.H impeiaUTe that advertiaeinenU intended fe tfw dailr inna ahonld he sent in at the earliestJudge CoKSTOCK frankly confesses that heofNew-City York,"theorefromwhichhasbeenofthe ofmeiBB becomingindefinitelyricL"Tliaited no remarkablenaJiln moment. Announcements wiuch fail to sels of all classes inchanges.There were 417 ves-;that he is not prepared to holdexamined, amongreliable men," bydealers in land and the seekers of hoai4i aiikawill be drawn by the magnet. The loren of theofNew-Yorklife,thirtyyearshence,willkaowitsttmA the office before nine o'clock P. U., lose allport.At the great cattle market held at Forty-fourth-ways '"'thatticket, parUy because his interest will not liepicturesque alone will lament the InevitaUe doam "t» '•Udt readers are accnvtomed to refer.It is,thepositivelyhear of this discovery, and can only hope that it will not stimulate our neighbors of Pennsyl-wOaPanmaas.A8AIWICT or DKSI6N—BzHninos or PAXinixas.OmEKKAXIONAI. ABT INSTITUTION—EXBIBITIOS «• Panxnras.N£WS OF THE DAY.purposes, —alarm. The conflict between the supporters man in the State no better, at all events,same parties, " all the State offices, se injured the reputation of what would be morning the minister of the includingThe CoDTention at Charleston made materialprogiSM in bnsinesa yesterday. After some dis-I iisiinii. the role limiting the speeches to fifteen ests of slaveholders^re involved. It would being operations of the AUantic Coast, ther In this sense, as opposed to the Abolitien of Slav- ery and of Sunday amusements, the editor of tiwminutes' duration was adopted. An exception was introduced in favor of discussion upon thePlatfonn, where an hoar's grace is to be given. la tte course of the morning the Committee on Ae Flatibrm decided, in deference to Southern aaembers who objected to its ambiguity, not tospaceto cite insupportof thisficientlyiollowing para-general subjectminingmayraadopt the Cincinnati Besolutionsto accord withciples as essential te liberty, and therefore even more beexpended, has never once beenfeature iaSouth, which own their pastor, bind him to thairpeculiar interests, and oblige him to or suppceaimodify truths at their dictation ? Both in the ab-to IS. At the afternoon session, the Committee 'soundness in point of law, but because thelic opinion of the district had changed since they were made. The effect of this monstrous doctrine upon the rights of free negroes, uponPlatform Committee isand then the first ballot will doubtless remove allap-msnyfalsearedoubt. The Convention, after the deferringcase went into thepocketsof a small armv ofinparticular.It is rathert that a'•;.2ELr I?'S«<"*?! and debited until after 11 P. M., when thecontact with confidence men of•hadaud most faithfuleitherrests within-•Kdncationreceivprf «r. , .blelor street pavements, by inspecting their workis believedand the precautions which it provides aciiut ruptw*and accident of every sort much more perfect than those of the cable with which th: orieioaJ siperimeatwas made. He to make lull explanadOBS propoacs25S"«,""i^nied "sort, becomes unavoidably familiar wiih theirhold of the sanitary condition of tenement footed little ragamutfin. The only permanentthe town of Mount Vernon, and left ; accordingly—ilo tha trial of Bev. Jacob 8.Sr^il u""*y" concluded its e—a.Murmur •The Board ofpoitaoce might justify.. He had no hesUa'ioa in de.It his that the of this clsrlnK to be optalon legislationState, on whlchShe qa«stleii in the esse depends, iscontractorsless see its green spsces and wooded lawns con-verted into busy streets and populous homes. lis InsulationI i_rjwiiich carried costs. ThedamagesheiaflictedweremoteAtnJFjMgillSJ fa evidence. Hakdik's letters ^wereExtras,"let them comewhen$330,.•P^'T'edwithadelenceofsurance, on which he stands alone andpublic" WpfpH to lefate the charges which had beenatmosphere eringpartiaaaship which, consid- our judges are cho-unap- or obser-equal to those which he received.y^gSaThe Sale of the Thorn Estate.;judiciouslytothemining operations far removed from the seat of man-agement."only singtiiar— thority the vote 17previouslaw has notrect, every simplyopoB Credentials presented its report. Inregard to contested seats, it admitted tothe Convention the Richmond delegation fromNeW'Tork, the Bichardson delegation from II U-Bois, with Hesars. Doherty and Chapin, Douglsfs the emancipation of slaves by willwill be necessaryof our insUtuttoas.been declared traceabledifficultyofconductingcontestants from Massachusetts, and Messrs. Lan- ^kanandBrandt,DouglascontestantsfromMary- revivaloftheSlavetrade,is land. A report from a minority, consisting of the which most of our readers are Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Texas, Arkansasand Califbniis members, proposed to give seats toOBB-half of each New-York delegation, each halflike to hear of some other,., ,. ^ which do«s itas the same 1we hadblack man^ian a wUte.th^t were a lie,.k«nf*ved here toAprilSiitesConstitution.to take part in some show perate condition to which our municipal gov-ate. Coffee andwithdemeanor, simply a New- Yoikrowdy. This betrays the estimate in which he is generally held where he is not personally that bis time since known. He will probably return to this City atoexpected report to-day, upon writs of habeas corpus issued in behalf likely:prophetslor presented trans-ernment has fallen.could appreciate the extent of the service theyand relerred, asKiog the exclusion of all railroad companies &omIf our public officersto recur within the hfe-timeacting business at Castle Garden, whd' keep anThe steamship Granada, from Havana on theas the general spirit of our na-Hayttoinnr-TOBKTaas inst.,Mi^rlMWflM to «MaddMMfcr Tvuti Doiiiu; The screw steamship Vigo, from Liverpool on|«wtf eo(M to •MaMiMiferTvnnDou.iu. Aiif the 4th inst. and Halifax on the 22d mat., arrived in holding the la w to be void, 1 am equally unpreparedthancure a seat in the Convention. He has no persevering exertions in thewith wonderormi the as-^ kjMMliirW a«ti/ «in» •w<rw Man, ii<ttUhere yesterday. Throughout the entire passageto concur In the conclusion to which the my associates have arrived."msjorltyofperformance Several of our executive depart-we ;movement of their dear Dntchis maintained. To the active myiiids of keen-eyed speculators, who leave themiUFOB OAJOaOnAshe encountered Thements are now in a promising conditionState far mote than he could idd it elsewhere. trust they will not only fulfill the expectations of "'Western lands" to aadace nw sinaatit-hold whatever on the Democracy of the Statetheir duties.Urth-plaeasevere westerly gales.Stock Market was generally weak throughto poblUhed oath*• of nwrlbaitauur. PxIm, la wnppen. the dealings of yestetdav, and J ^? cent, tower oa as they are, are no more "judgments," with allNew-York Central and Missouri Sixes. The to.ie be itHay, Hops, Bice, fair busi- ness was reported in Sugars. The auction sales of Teas and Dry Goods passed off spiritedly. Cot-discovery of a new silver-lead mine In Penn- "sale of Tbraue's brewery to Dr. aot JoHssoa, atha advaatages of claaaificatioD under the heads street, upon the FUlhavenue, during Tuesday and the act of the Leeislature of this State, whichprobablybeoootherinthefieldforwhichhethethe im-Wednesdayofeachweek,therewereoffered,fordeclaresthatanyslavebroughtby his owner within our boundaries shall be free,' violates the obligations imposed on all thepresent week, beeves, 3,671veal calves, 1,017 ;vote. Hewillbeundertheveryname, aswenow that— sheep, 766 making,cansity for sometime longer of limiting his politi-calves, 6,099 sheeplambs,;with the animals soldpossiblyonly policemen draws theknow,Aanfon, qoite aa important to the advertisers as to ewaalTM, to hare that hooi the latest for theI of their notices.lOtfaBrealac*WWUm SASSKII—BOTAl AlOBUBBATSB K^UISTBUII one week ago, either in numbers or the decision of the Court below was erroneous,at|other City yards, and at Bergen Hill, for the week justvania to demand a on prohibitive dutyABut, howevercaoiiot but regaid It as a gross violation of those— ended, 4,095 beeves, 139 milch cows, 1.437 veal States by the Federal Constitution," and yetcal efforts to the Wardnurserymaids inandtotal of 15,236 live animals.and or a 4,465 hogs,portationrier and Enquirer, after stating its facts, goes on to put the following query :Clye yero-|?0g<r <imcg, ^^ahafs^ t3lyttt W, Mtt. 9?Ag6st ]]i fotngu portfly tiut fte B'atn,beooBtoatodUmaeif«AM4kiMdMMb ' " " " Oq#iabt isaiooernsbeletMiisiblaforaUloatoriMlsirbag- juHgment.^. ,AtMaaHwriw|(«tMiiatiia7Me<i,to Sbldb«, J.—I idVe been prereatsd by want of tine,tbeeSKtUiMaUf^Bitaieud persons! property and the prasaaia of other dattes, fron glvliig ta this Mayor as merely the steppiaf-stoneto some- Drowniagjnen cat<^ at stiaws ;—and the from ¥imh iiwww. teisiili ihthe deliberately proceeds to cast a dissentingscarcely showed any new features from vote, or in oUier words, to hold judicially that laurels.prices, most of the animals selling at 8c.®9c. V' lb. estimated dressed weight. Theyand that slaves may be brought into this State,theact of theLegislaturetothecontrarynot-withstanding.so far off, and neglect those which are under tbelrSeldem acknowledges himself to begtW BOWSBT THXATBK—EoBiH Hooi>—RtB Gmas changed, with a fair demand, just met by the re- in precisely the same position. He has not 1848,ceipts. Swine are not plenty, although the arri-vals have been ratker than usual for the largerseason. Themarketisnowbare,andpriceshave advanced Jc. ^ fl)., live weight.he is not to prepared sayofpublican Party.we beg leave to suggest that our capitalists doof one of hisThe beef marketInconsistent withcompact. While, therefora, I am not preparedsUghtest idea that Mr. WooowtiboonaUlyat this time to give such reasons as would jastify meCity,year.Now, these little opinions, short and conciseat large, and would the ticket in the damageAThe sales of Flour have been less extensive. at bis own dinner table. They are simply neat, ishment of the Southern delegates at finding contagious.;to havepointment of the lUxecutlve Committee and passing marked by passion and prejudice than South- sume that facts had very litOe to do with the ject of the Post is evidenUy to enter a protest newsboys, and of some ^subtle rival of the enter- prebeasibu sbculd have existed on the <on the State of the Mr. express Union, Floeksck explain-ourandThere are not a few Democrats in different house at the Academy when the small specula- are in''to this evenmg. Dr. Chxeveb the law;integrityisevery possible to of late. The Police Commission has taken they have been quizzed and befooled by a bare-it.One Dr. Byam wasrecently invited to leave~' >—— - lSrLVherto-Ut>^''Mrs.KASD'but he wentonlyasfar asMadison,wherehawho turned IdmEngland. »namberHARnin.,.,«o.n, Tiouceos-which we sufferer trust will—Fkkkani^obut it is, in our opinion, an eccentricity bred by have reached the sublime height of cool as-original n his "Nobody now believesuitbrought against people•„byabatement. The facts we Wilkeshimself. willmuch of the iccu:jcd. airastsd Hasiini after he had,ctadlbUityinvading^evep whatwemean,vvhenhejudicalathand,and measures shouldbe prompUy toundertide ofwere'.his conduct;bench. relate the circumstances instance ofdisappearthe advancing"munici- house audaiice of all.Paan WimonTBtes- ytmiatatfwUehtbe^^risensrlisdtoldhim,held, policeman'shangers-on„(pr^pafaiion..r.Metropolitan Policethat a^^VgRjaa^oniha standi, and confirmed in detailrides and drives,herself. Testerday Mr. Josetb and constitutional law,will be like the—Thouas W. Pabso-xs, inMJIWid^SlSs,'^s''^*V^- WJttiiouiB testified on thejustified act of thehimin refus-sion at Charleston.beenhimself forty, under the remu*eless hammer of the auction- eer, which, like thc^||ot of "pallida mors," in theclosingby the lateportion of the income aridng from the iniS"tTM.'^TdepositedbytheUnited .N^w-York bl apportioned,., proportioi, to the attendance'to'be much more complete*?L*'}f,'"'"'7' -e^ra1lss^rhioLo,istoApthorp's-lane,aboutexpended forhDranes. It was referred. The VirightLegislature, dkectng'^Thki »£*??>''From Eighty-ninth to Ninety-fourth-street, or ratherfeet fromIh': 1'".betweenaScSc^o^untteSof''^'"'^'*''""' baUnceinband^ special appropriations to be »96,684 87been so muehneglected hitherto thataveragingrangmglrom seventy to one hundredin depth. dencelad tatsrett In it to lay tbe fbaadaiifla 1^aalhi»rmmlSigtthBe .Ifcn-•heirWe hehope that he might make himself form-lodg-a Ward in itself, and a few verywill doubt- of cable for transatlintlc years form,'houses with an continue withouthavespreadtime upon tliis point show conclusively the ab- solute need of preventofpoor. Thehotandunhealthyseasonisclosethis brilliant will be the real dodgehold theirsympathy,and evenadmiration, from ;1848 the former rudely crushed the latter Gen. TaylorBdren, both,who " foreverand snatched the doubleThe adoption many aching shoulderjoints,tosaynothingofthegooditwouldperipatetic Mayored and eulogized the bill introduced by him as a sub- which every thoughtful man must concur, that of the "regular delegation." A resolutiDn to FSEMONT.or even itsCOBWIN brought up that gentleman, who denied Territories of the United States, be brought Paradise from whichsections of the who countrythat he of the law approved Fugitive;about the byexcluded. the most Southon thesibly hold together through a single term, andtWaa bound by the opinion of Attomey.General" " "the thud of well-deliveredcontinent,banishment fi-om theConvention, so that tiiey might gaze upon thewilling—epublicans should elect the topexhilarating intelligence— partisansJudgesintorules,States, South Carolina, notpos-gin drinkers, 15t,000 persons subsisting gacy, and 30,000 thieves.profli-but want of honesty andnotofthenimiber. Forthefaultweareabouttofindwithitinthisparticularinstance,wecan practices,andimbibessomethingoftheirtem- ^'^^^^^°''ofabetternamethaneccentricity per and spiiit. But never couldthatofthe mode in whichproachable, by any amount ofV ^j^:'^3V. KMI^mj, tbepfaysieUn who conducted the sen, and the feverish e.xcitement of the public vation. .\ native genius for the business must the—One of the last as well as one of the best to the tune of £100• L ^yWMBamst mm gf harsh treatment of ^>" h tmi awilrinstMn of Mrs.study HAsniN'sbody, mind on certain subjectd,'^it is impossible to have preceded all attempts at cultivation. Avery rigid measures toPiccoLOJiiNi has been in singinghis wifepreventfromJudge Beows affordedathe Remarkablecase,.stsMtUflii* made sn scknowledgment of want of skill in the interpretation of statute foundation for the claim he made for admis- a '!The closing ofobedienceTwo very striking illustrations of it are. seen ingrow for some of the oldest"IngtoandoWe not suppose2i2?2''i'ff'?^**»*»l»* «>« ""« prfsonCT ar- the following opinions in the Lemmon Slave nmst have bad a r SS:aJ.r. 2 previbus to Uie death of his wife.Legislature.Mr. Woodslightest expectation of being admitted. Heaintheoffrom the Syracuse Convention, laid the soleog^have now er." What a pity"Comwca, Ch. J.—Observed In substance that,since the list term of the Court, his time had been retainers at the broad farce he was wnolly 0cbi)i)Ied in sn examination of other cauKssigned St that termj To tlfls case, therefore, he hadnot yet been able to give the attention which its ioi-andStaSs^lPh which ought to regulate interctjurse between the looked in that direction. They were all ad-aof their contracts. This is acoml^to hold ^l^ that such legislation does not vioUte the oMlgatlonsdirectly opposed to the rulesofjusticeand compelling ficaUoiisrigid adiierence to the speci- step intoTe""v Sutes of this Unionof the latteralways Broadway aud Tenth-avenue, into buildingand he 4rBs notdressedto iiiflubiice votes in the Convention, much have been done, though as experience showsstreet,sur^'eyed,;haposed erf all the States by the Federal Coustltiltlop.Without, however, wlsUsf to delay the dsofaiOBSouih^maudiences.Theyaimedtheit hasdirection.It is what shouldlotspreparedlomore thob votes in Coaneoticut Mr. Woode^ bis plaa this eveolag at the meeliog of the Geicr^hU feet in width, and cal sulBcieBt eiiaft-.theever had the up and by displacingtbe political favorites whobrought by yearspossessor, feature" of New-York socie-ijof their voices.Igenerally and theleaolations of respect to the memory of Goy. BOB- ernmKW of the Vermont delegation, who died sud-denly oo Tuesday night of apoplexy, adjourned at at least rarely been illustrations of judicial impression that Wood was more of a Pro- WARD, or any other Republican of Whig ante- an elaborate " Extra," purporting to contain a imnnd his i;wn shoulders" to wisdom, moderation, and impartiality. We Slavery man than his opponents, and that he cedents, lor the Presidency. It intends to special report" from the steamer VanderbUt, off enongh sayjudgmentsinthe interest of Slavery, have votes of thesedelegations. Theyhad ageneralin advance against the nomination of Mr. Sk-prisingWilkes, whoissued, justafterof the water, inducing John Bull to twist thjlIn the House of Representatives, Mr. Colfax, freely admit that errors committed in behalf of would be more likely to vote according to their claim that dslinctioa for Gov. Chase, or some Cape Bace, of the tremendous contest between art the man !"offtiie Post-office Committee, introduced a bill en- the slave are nobler errors than errors com- wishes upon the platform and the candidate person holding a similar position. In 1S44 Mr. Heekak and Sayers, which had taken place onIt is athatsome.of (haabling news-dealers to transmit their packages bymail, reducing postage on books and similar mat- mitted on behalf of the slaveholder;pityia Chinater to 1 cent an ounce under 1,500 miles, and is difiicult for the mass of mankind, to with- for in the premises.In the Convention itself, the aspirations ofoursincere conviction, institute for the Loan and Tariffbill. Mr. ELioT,of Mas- if the final disappearance of Slavery from this admit these branded Peris to the floor of theachusetts discussed the Fugitive Slave law, ar- gulng its unconstitutionality. An allusion to Mr.while Mr. Seward supported He.vry ClayMr. Vanin 1852resulted,afterForinstance,den't shake people .^hmiking letter postage to California uniform at tencqnts. Mr. Ctjans gave notice that he should callup his Pacific Railroad bill at an early day, and put the sacrifice of law at the shrine of liberty ituponitspassage. InCommitteeoftheWhole butwemustin and we be- in 1850 Col-;one hour and ten minutes, and hada "hard fought battle," in the victory of thethat it and that was all the information they cared CuA.-iE supported J. G. Bir.vet for Presidentthe IGth inst. at Mildcnhall, in Suffolk;had lastedwereby an overwhelming vote of 210 to 55 in favorlantof Two Hemispheres."theywas laid over under theern of SoiMhernhad beenpay,intimesofpublic excitement,greaterat-^ ;'IIeTBd'tIie Fugitive Slave law of 1850 to have been tention to political expediency than to statutes tion and Virginia, the Virginia of Gov. Wise, sponsible, would be compelled to harmonize the aristocracy rushedspanksmake an interesting colony'behrt diffident. Mr. Cobwih spokevotes.j ^.J'•'«pearance of the opinions of the dissenting mi- the irost movement of the secured, the old contest between Whig and impudentpoliUcalyear salary,for outfit. .\ndyear' ,•intoThe and under cover of the darkness distributed by calculated to strengthen the gas-lamps, bought up the whole edition of theOtsmaowM as to its constitutionality. He be-avoice indearly bought. Free- giving them only three and a half" of herthattheDemocracy,beingoutofpowerandirre-f^ncy the state of society that would exist in a chy exclusively oc-*ap«rilaoiu ; that of 1793, and, indeed, the merethe Constitution relative to the glaya'of subject,Irving-place,dom based *ll**t*dhoar.rfbnhnggreatsatislactionandmuch forenmneroftheworstgtJtMMPt to Us audience. Messrs. Dawks, Eliot 'S|Mt al|fen occasionally interposed remarks.applicationat Charleston isgener-Spirit,""say nothing of minor advantages, the former haswe learn that the '^^ftS'tf°° ^ • P/ovisional Government had—'jfmit^MujBMConventionforthe most —yet,;^fCJpMefM '•(MMtagrear.'Tto National Unionin- for the en-roanofficewhichwillthe snccessfalh ""^^^MMWCand three'"'"of the Church of the^ntaos was held last evening,, on the sabject of amongupongenuine rcpresentaiiuniMl'RllVKXrE.NT IN OUR CiTY GoVEK.V5IE.VT. There are signs of vigor in several Depart-bilabors Executive and>theLemmonslavecase.by advantage of a ers by this hoax we have no sort ol compassion.Party <ateatotheBaltimoreConvention.Tfc,^J"*" •tormy meetingthem that offlatly reversingits own Convention as theof;officers,Nothingcanbefurtlierdisposed to— scarcely postponethen, unless it can have theonly bringbeyondhispotent Wood'sand badchosen Judiciary,opinions, Freedom. The Court hastheofTMterday kt Lancaster, and nondnated its dele- conscientiousMen who sneer at (liePennsylvania metslightestupon the splendid creating a delegation out offullybrutal Cubans'* for rejoic-'their behalf on either mo-;and decisions"their dissensions and Post's article is wellcupied by —tUifi>os,tliatbe is amMO** tfpdiUipre^their own discretions as to thetr manaer ofi'•*<H>r.^fJMBHttlT. APBIL 26, 1880. beremoVed Rom the hosritals on the Qaarantine case tbal caieAil exsmlnatUm which Is due to Its im- thing higher. The utter contempt which he general rejoicing whieh prevails at these indi- boundary of the OMtial Park,Mhr-TOBK 9Ua».the eounael, and am not prepared, ttenfore, definite- ly to determine whether the let of 1841 Is or Is not lamy \9xprcss pravlsloiu of the Ualtsdthis m»y principieB of Justice and comity which should at alttimes pervade our Interstatewith which he abandons it en thetion to the public interests on thepartof someof more varying outline and proporthMs. Boin opentiaa Jn real estate lyingvaatft&VBALBUB'STHKATBI—OoUKHBawv.an Warn WAiaiot—Bov's tous Uhcu! miaavirs nraxuif—Jaurn oaA>s.COOFBB INSTITUrE—Fsxu's Coroi or Diath. BBOADVAT TASX&HACLE-OBOAa KxHiBrriOR. Ora CHAFKL—Masicai, EBTiaiAiBiairts. BOPK OHAPKIr-On. ToK TamfS.SOLO'S SALOON—eaoESiCBUsn'B XmrasLS.OUaSSLDOKF OALLSBT—ExBismos 0* PAiiiTutas. fluence upon the Courts and judicial decisions condition with regard to it was, for all judicial Democrats,—that Cuakles StmsER was elect- thrown our few mining ventures too com- "feared the Lord." These sons were sadly ad- O&HAIr-BTKUT—No.3a8—VHttLocx'sFssB Gaiubt would furnish aiaple cause for anxiety and no better than that of any other ed in ^j!assachusetts by a bargain between the monly into the hands of incapable persons, and dicted to wicked practices ; and one SondayWALLAlOK'8 THKUBX—A Bmsisa lo Oioee—Xri- BTioaT's Famis.of. Milch cows were not as plenty, and sold a shade better. Veal calves are a regular glut just now, and cannot all be sold, even at very low prices. Sheep and lambs are un-— answering especiallyweresJldisposedHiscellaaeoBS.The Herald has discovered that AbolitioB-The Ijemmon Slave Case.If there were nothing else about Slavery both tliesegentlemenhim discourse Bat upon religious topics.and the Anti-Slavery agitation that everybody made it be,his^Judgeexamined the case;columns, aimounces his new discov- ery as the text, and with singular unction deliven Party has*shaped its policy hitherto, th,ey must to any reasonable extent. The capitalists of a slermon for the benefit of those misguided "»'---the colossalconfessed themselves toon them to abstain from originally elected United States Senator from Y'ork. And in the next place, this timidity orwhether the statute is constitutional or not,and yet he deliberately declares that the judg-ment of the Court that the act is binding, was erroneous. The state of preparation in whichto showthat,while theWhig wingof thatnot invest in mines atall,either near orfar,"— ; madlyit will bejjn judicial corruption is but thegeneral Slavery.We are led into these remarks by the ap- allyperfecttheir union.nority of the Court of Appeals of this State inNo man of less assurance thanpercopy;daring sweptthe dimesincipiptitJrom our intention than to to imputelearned men theintention to sacrifice would ever have venturedPresident the case" iK-twecn aeitlier to manyfaults,of palmingover adogs, aj'.d then leave their firesides and their opera boxes to clutch at the details of a disgusting^ppealforEnglishaid. Besolu- decisionssemi-annually,andofdeingasmuch theNew-YorkDemocracy. TheMayorofsuch njents of our Wja^thomed abetween two creatures made in the den—the were in its a as this is thrown supporting appeal as anybody position ever did to unsatllc City naturally into closeSlavery or experimentingtighttigerbull-liftingage. onelesshe,noit is it even untilcommitted to its own view ofdates arecompetingregarded by New-Yorkers,of allparties, a%Press. The (ia and£5,000£13,000 asublimely indifferent to all the these ances of propriety and political decency,foremost and nothing,it offthe National,and a secession ol his handful,|ofmouth of PiccoLom.M will soon.i,- u .^. ...pal The improvement.deal ofing up the pretence of a title so long, and somegoodtrouble to avoid laughing in the faces- of hisofiicials of tiieTliey have already saved over *!5,(H)0 doors of the palace and the hut.••Or walksassistance.lurkingidable enough to secure a nomination as Vice- President on the ticket with some Southern candidate. His speeches in Connecticut allBoard seems to have created considera-consternation the amongsarvloe> which he deems far superior to any hlttMrlo propOMd.diSicultykeep-Department. Horatian ode, knocks with impartial force at thewith bead upon his bfsait. My God and i« MacauUy dead?"inappear-competitor the privilege of being betrayed by hisfriends, abused by his enemies and plundered l»f everybody. And really, it will be much eaiieT for themajorityofthesecandidatesto attain to tha Governor-Generalship of India than to the Presi-cy of the United States.•before thefrom time tothey may.roent,—andthathe Usreetoettoa regardsNfaAsveiniea,aBdaBlheiec*<«ias, thslolsi^^oonda and plaoed on Wards' Island, at na early portance, and to the eUborate and able argameats of shows for the duties of his oflica,—the coolsess cations df a more vigoroiu and efficient atten- a huDdfvd lots hav« been mnkad oMfheEmigration showed the number of immigrants coofllct withweekly report to theCommissioners of 18 to be ll.lfl), and since that,smallest stumping expedition, orplace.have not theand the sale of the 3d ofcan render thewill be one whit more successful In this en- tude they would receive from the public, theydeavor,pastftanign. swamps aad aaboMisd tWiltiliiil to Ih* PoMUmii 'Wiw- change or Money since the sailing of the Pcrria. I either of these learned gentlemen ever makes gan in this City naively confesses the aston- set an example of efficiency wliicb will prove <• commercial centres," and wisely confix, ti^^iwas steadier at the close. Nothing new in Bx- respectspoken,thanaay observationwhichdispatch from Charleston to hisor-of the public inThe Courier andto their ownaffairs,butthePriceshavefavoredsellers. Wheathasbeenmore chaste,tmadomedstump — "own energies to the El Dorado at oar doois, the "astive at advancing <ltes. Com has improved. speechesThe transactions in Provisions have been moder- is true, than most of these efforts of genius, gentleman," they had expected to find him,shorter, U him iin manner and deportment s pleasantbreakmg up of this great reseS^atiaa'' oa the'—has not examined the caseits argument bas been wholly occupied in other wiser and a sadder man. He will not bolt the Prof. ToRREY of thenot in so persistor wish for Baltimore have takenters who uphold the of the equalityand of the cafeer tfaos far of the Re- Its- special, practical object isimperativemust see wi<h regret and foreboding, their in- taking any part in the decision. Their mental Ohio by a coalition of the Free-Soiiers and ignorance on the part of our capitalists has blance to the way in which old Touchwood's so^"reached such a pitch of excitement and exas-peration that the judges are gradually giving way to the pressure of one side or other, and ceasing even to pretend to administer the law as they find it, or to stand by the old riiles of interpretation in any case in which the inter-and opponents of theinstitution" has even:|I|than that of arguments.any lawyerwho had not heard thea waste of ourassertion the rulings of Southern Courts on theshadswed forth in theable remarks on theofHeraldbe said to fear the Lonltrial of or Abolitionists,or Slave-traders.! In more than one of what"capital fore. We States," judges have repudiated the au-Augusta congregatioa haviag him from his former master. VotwSh-Mr. Sewabd chooses to call theof the country may be the means of reistabUiblDg these two learned curing Whig sscendancy In the^ country, or of estab- the credit of American securities. That the deposits lishing Whig ideas in the administration of the Gov- of mineral are ample to afford a remunerative returnstandingthe fact of theirproprietorship, the con.of allSlavecases, notonthegroundoftheirun-once so common— ••ana judges with;mining enterprises growing and consider liimself the chattel of his congie-1/ .u C511 J it.. something_.it withplanIt would be about as sensi-cameuntil that dowa, so that we shal'up,justntanagementhas killed^VUian>ceitiialytatheito cast seventeen votes. The reports having been Supreme Court itself has not been exempt the " eternal fitness of things," or of " fixedlead, Mr. Bhooks, of Alabama, and of course of from the fate which has overtaken the hum-There certainly seems to be very littlefore and free-will." Chables ground for the charges of the Post against the treasures which sleep here, within reaeh,the parentage of this phrase. It wis in' !-, and nsed by Mr. O. A. Bsowssoic^n one of the ar- ticles upon politics which he contributed t^ ^m Dttuocratic Review, after thethe to sustain its He fhte,amiminority, proceeded report.was followed by Mr. WHlTi-«y, of Delaware, onbler and less pretentious tribunals of theWhig wing of the Republican Party. From the day that party was first organized, the Democrats who joined it have had a full anditwere,The friendshands,beneath our feet.and Texas, withthe con- sideration of a civilized man. Certainly, if theyside, in a of effective speechStates. Whatever one's opinion may be of which to ought—aforthetimerule doea notHere is the'gist of the whole difficulty. Irre- stract and the we are to application, opposedand carelesspub-practlei^tothe successAny attempt, therefore, of the Whig leaders to makethe Republican Partp tkt nuam of bringing the Couem- vunt under the control of Whig ideat mill at once reduce tko Republican Party to the same condition in which Um« ideas Irft the Whig Party. What Is requlrsd Is ttB honest carrying out of the plans on which we reststaoce to the Stavetogether,and more recently upon the~ ~^ ; .' , legisl.ai.tive ,from" "tolerably fa- is, consequently, ut- necessary for us to descant at length. B»e—The Evenmg Pott syeaka of 'A» effici^t''lnlDii^ bratad ^lopthegm of Kr. BAaoMR, "thamiliar,uponto reeonciliation by a board of clergymen done, wa wlU start filr upon whatever new UsoiChonest, energetic eenpanios, and we shall noiandwhich itand;the country may then be with. oocapiedlongergo"TRity-of man to his acodeats." Uakas^theMr. Bassy, ofnorby report in a harangue of much bitterness. is impossible to overlook the advocate's eager- those of William Evabts or David Du»ley- equal share m the offices it has bestowed andmajorityThe previous question was then demanded, and the minaiity report rejected, by a vote of 210 tointercourse of the65. The negative vote was tire delegations of Georgia,lor theTihucejy huranvec hUa.dU anu eqaal nunAier o^ustMississippi,spokeauthoritydecision,it^^ Aec^Mxxnj the principles and purposes of theportionsof those fromChampion'sworthylosophicat —profundity.Virginia, North Carolina, Missouri and California.active andefficient leader has a seat lathentheness to make out assuspensioo-strength. for the mi-of the Dred Scottregulateof Im and patrons of the Prize Rinf own quarterly. He defined Democracy if ttsof the en-Alabama, Mississippi ment is marked..ty^^y might find Other of acomposedwinningitself.of dele^ies at State Conventions,—tiieirmMt than theBooth Carolina, it will be observed, supported because, probably, it has had less opportunitythe majority report; as did also Florida to display itself. The only cases, or almost i—Mayor Wood's fillibustering expedition to the United States Senate, no platforms erand Louisiana. The vote was understoodthe only ones, in which Slavery has come di- '[side,IntheNorththeevilhasbeenlesspartyprizes belt, moremanygood bypossible judg-apparent,__they were so higher caliiofa case as which the wholeaccident*," deal of merriment Hall, which was none the wiser foracumen andMrs. Beowkiko has given oat thattion ; and Mr. DorroLAS is now regarded recfly before the Courts of the Free tion by a very decisive vote. In the Commit- their assent, and in all respects jcandidate,the States, are those arising out of at- is de-tee on Credemials his claims werebeen admitted to a fullof the therefore, ofFight" across the Atlantic. The belovedway every spirit,ti^mfor their remissnessoaIke—none butthey"the truth as to the Greatas the inevitableBoothern ultraists, whose extremenoted by the minority vote on the delegations, tempts to enforce the Fugitive Slavetended to rebukestrengthhaving any further purpose of opposition. The law. The findings of the State Judges mote from New-York, and, therefore, the least tion.iparticipation|Americans at once dMsat*The sole reason they give for their vote is one in the last degree absurd. They de- clare the statute not to be binding, simply be- cause, in their opinion, it violates "the rules of justice and comity" which ought to regulate the relations of the States of the Union. This is a new reason for declaring the act of the Legislatureocrats," and that Mr. Sewaso's reelection in 1854 was effectually blocked by the attempt tohandled. The London Mining Journal, of"Anti-Slavery men, of a State to be and one whichfnevei surrendered the connection with their old party until the last ray of hope had departed of se.Ga., oicns its minister, the bough),sovereign void,was never heard of in any court ofjustice be-congratulateConstitutions as heretofore, but with the notions of "justice and comity" enter- tained by the Judges of the Goart of Ap-gregation,themselves, cot-tribnte agood-knowledgeO'Cokob's rules of the "justice and comity''theStates, for instance, would differ widely fromField, If these genttemen aU ascen^^d the bench.TheEndofaC«nfid«nceCtense.by onlysixStates,mostre-counsels andguidancenewtheir own heads the ;—and these theof any accurate knowledge of the actual apprehended injustice in regard to of runaway negroes, or iheir rescuers, if less facts which those claims involved. We pre- the "ascendency of Whig ideas," the ob-supportedin theorganiza- have reminded them to " believe notj'saptemacy defioUicn excited alieve,sustainf<lGen.thisfaith.whichspreadpestilencein thesehouses of theknown of the noble per night. The little songstresetaken to all these put"Yet,poetical "been subetitutedbis rliamber,the room with measured tread,which a minority of hli brethren vrere ftsytMio ioemaat try to eoaoeal, from either friends or contractors have, in point of lact, consulted Oa the Unes of the cross streeU from Tenth to covpany for Us cosatructioii.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentsupportedBeniciaoff the Championshipto itssoon as the Republican ascendancy has beenAccordingprogramme, assurreptitiousSacty and beaten the Associatedleast skillful of the venders realized from 4 to— Democraticideasistoberenewed andcentsASTORS of the sidewalkdozen into thoir ragged pouches. For the suffer-energytheout. and recovered a verdict ol— :Boy, Tom,polishedgal-of this sensiblepracticewould saveScott,do in —the of skin diseases. propagationoriginalformationquestionis worth— ism has aprincipalregardera into fever-smitteotors began to' shout out thisare quitethat the R next "erirae, 5,000 receivers of stolen goods, 15,000 gambleia, 2 5,00aTeggirs, '30,000 drunkards, 180,000 habitoil;neces-where the long-bow of love upon buxom Union-place, gartered gentlemcD astute snipe; or that Fifth-avenae once bloomed with butter-cups hnteid of bonnets, and lazy lilies of the field in the place of the mu- " Now then, why do our capitalists Invest In mines vels of Flemish toil and the spirmiags of ttecontests, and the local struggles in which hitherto he has won his onlyConflict of Ideas.The Post devotes an elaborate arti- Eveningcle to reminiscences of theandsubsequentactionoftheFree-SoilParty inthesetimesofaccumulatingcapitalandun-,-places into a proper stateThenewAlms-HouseBoardhasalsomade featureinthefast diminishing"scenery"ofourgood beginning, byoff the sinecuresMetropolitan^hey the death of their latelopping Ten Governors hadof a Bank.permittedpoem publisbedtoain the AtlanHc Monthly, says that, of late hajIpnlbiiaiBgthapuhUoJvodLAmerican Mines andline ofourchief and thoroQgh&rea,sylvania, within eight hours' ride of themere traiufer of so much property, bat the sals "of silver from abroad. But the Cow- once the baggedLyons looms.demoralizmg efbct on the clergy, aad certain investments. In the first place, then, the editor of that paper straitway mikes i palpkvery Thenoses t"ifthe cooperalion of the Democratic section. resources of America with far more judgmentThe Post recalls the fact that Gov. Chase was and enterprise than the capitalists of New- see the Reverend Editor in the pulpit, and to heardoingthey hopeupminingraces,preachmetthe appointment of Caleb Cushino as a Judge one of the greatest of our national interests, them starling for the woods vrith a gun on fam of the Supreme Conrt, being given to the Dem- were it thoroughly understood and properly shoulder. Seeking out the father, the clergymaa told him that he ought to admonish his sons, andperpetuate Whigonly accomplished by the the Know-Nothings."City, magnanimity" of"Sil- ver Hill Mining Company of North Carolina," makes the following just but not very agree-,.,.., ^.Instead,^ orcomplainingbut try the spiritsthat the verses in referred to question Wtgmideas in thisThe pith and purpose of the article are suf-graphGov. Sbwabs and the Whig leaders of New-Yorkin America" It is to be hoped that on the other side of theAtlantic the development of the mineral resources—^The African in::Baptist Church,', , ,,..Scriptures.Perhaps,gooditl iia)March 10, in an articlejreferring to one of the andwas fewsolidly-organizedandwell-conductedmin-bringupin the fearofthe "Lord.Fear theslavesdecisions in judges on its discovery. If their view be cor- ernment. DemocraUe Republicans regard their prio. for almost any amount of outlay, provided the funds round sum yearly to the support of their pastar.doubted, AtkI this latter fact is thethe provisions of the State and Federal vital than the question of Slavery itself, because they and the failure of most of the English companies has the case. For very many churches exist, NorUi orpealsbeing.It thispower, we shoaUsponsible vented ourhasmanagement pre- Slaverybut if any pastor is forced to be a slavemore effectually.Me, practical and feasible to pass acts subject not hive that work ta do oiw aiala. After that k Give as"•with their views of absolute truth," and ofhave toa begging to Europe and the Pacific for flar greatly mistaken, Mr. Bascboet has no clisosutyation efectniUy^tournliwaysafterthey hadattainedmaturity.rule,uuiuin,i_|ieasily taken verses in her Poems Before Con?rest, eahas been refused admittance to the Conven- Federal policy, have been adopted withoot by a deceitful Spirit of the Times, pretending to England, but against the Cnited States. TbaBi^would not have been soCharlesten has come to an unhappy end. He professions, upon matters of either State *r in and done for as they yesterday evening were, " A Curse for a Nation," are .leveled, not a|caimotbewith theexpectedto beparticularly familiarofmanoverhisofourA False Spirit on the Fight.if •t.^o»t .,., .'""'^have be the true .Spirit of Mr. George Wilkes, speaking lish thought that the accomplished authoress 1^*°' '^^ybecsusegone out into the world." The true profits in this"They were singing Martha" to a splendidcloggingAccording to Dr. Forbes Wisslow, tliereat thehath charms to soothe the savage breast." Thecirilized breast throbs more toon the smeller," and of hot ones on the snuff-box." Sobruising-matchCity Government, promising likeness of the Almighty, are cheaply let off withElm-woodpark, of Col. Thork, have long been a conspicuousMr. Pabso»s might be much betier employed. presume has had a similar operations. The Croton Aqueduct at the Merchants' Exchange. The estate is almost ifiMt, a merchant of this City, his devised anewannum to theplaying by ures, and have still a large field for niticent property is announced for the 3d of May The Atlantic TiLiGaA»H.—Mr. Wk. H. Hoaxa-perCity bythesemeas-An " executor'ssale" of the whole of tliis migmorethan twenty-liveSociety, In the hope of enlistingeighty it his beenMusic,wearetold,easily responsivenightfall,will be omt For old New-Torfceis it will mingle a thooasMlSlaveryHarper's Perry singularaad Gospel of Abolitionism. It is interestiac topiety is only periodical, and bears a striking resem-themLord,"repliedoldTouchwood, tbeyiresoafraid of him now that they daren't stir out on Buoday without a donble-barreled in their haadall theapostle would Italian question, and straitway fitted the ciatahe isto his Brother Jonaihsa—rntlnmi are not adopted by the oatiide Iother's hands each shakes his own. ;this list.It is much better to be Governor-General" which had outdone Di ofIndiathanPresidentoftheUnited States. To^Wisconsin is abetter things than we have been accustomed the loss ol sLvpence and the consciousness that the reason that it is unsafe to drive any man oat tf£25,000alli*Wance«, a score of candi- at Charleston for nominationLondon children trained to 16,000to borrow the the Louisville Journal,phnseol- the varipetaJed convolve forev- herlittlemmtlibig,goodState to livein,for:[Aiishone ofshot-guntelcgripk'generally sMi^:'Hf^„ www.fultonhistory.com 