 .?>Hmm Tkn mamlm^bedj-to austain tbe Church, could meet with loc-and charged that they were acting asA member called tbe brother to order.Tee Chairman said he was about to do the samething.Mr,Habtt—The Chairman I wish it understood that I amChairman of this meeting. I will have order, and I will not submit to any aspersions from any speaker.lAppIauie.l ThepersonalitiesareoutofOlder. _Dr. Haxtt continued to defend the appeal.SBANx. of former place.to his* Mabt A. Worlbt, of thaB00TEIN6 whieh greatly*—•-•> thectir*.BBAKDBETH'8 PILLS SOLDATTHE BBAHDBnHLkH OmCE,iUiere wasnoneceiBlty forthepapersto thowthe exisleoceof a conspiracyto re-OFnOIAIi SBAWINttS Of'hodobs. DAm * O0.>8\Icars leave at 12 and return at 6>^ o'colonck. FOBD.-In Edinbarch, Scotland, Sunday,. ,. „' '.'Meetingbe made and even public,now he felt conflnced thato ' *LixoAnm, Pen» ^9M-t}on>tltationa]"rt>BI»»iij niiiliiiim iri nlniiiiiiiiiillj Tniiiil Tii «MWUehoaenPetmuMatPre«id«Bt.AmwMttmwBnnioonannlog 4wparty,alreadrpr<MDOl«*ted.the ministry; as a demur'^ffto;Oinolan Kat fret of eha«» bt taitmiii'M... «..^Tka toUowlDK I>*>*f*tM-mt- Large were (ppoInteM> Ike BaMnore C<(iTe>tlos : Hivsy H. FntLU, Miu Mmkmu, AinmM Ma»il»t and C. E. Swiiuaan.ItoNra. Jonra Irobbsou, ofWa. WaMHT, of Allecbaay.wanaelacted a* Electora- •tlao*.awMSonaezpraMiBc coafidaitoe In Mr. McLiak fcAr«»AMldMlC7 WMe kwt.SiUTB:WActwm, Certain memb.rs of this Society, daring th«last >ear, witboat consuiution with tbe Cbar.;a, orcause Dr. CuuvsB was wo hard preaching•r«ari the affidavit of Mr. T.J."""'»» 'hat.full and successful operation upon the steamer Ade-£, UuiooWadatadty, April 2S.resort to saTethe ctwrchWOOD, BDT »f TOtfwaaMSSrS&lJSJI'theprinciple* ofapparentbyrile." l««>n%Ifear$14. AranK,IM*.1, 16, 71, 29, 74, 63, 65, 8, 69, 24, 10, 50, «4, 68, 69.^andmlnlairr. HehadnoIdea would thattheappealMBVS BYjTELEGRAPE 91m Taaaaylrasta Ualaa Paitr*An oantenMi at LurcAsru—ArrourrKEin O* rWim-T TO THE K4I.TUI0U COSTS*-DR. OBBBTBHfS OHVROH TBOvMUH. tiieiy with th«M ht «hom K hat keth THaatafUr a»- pDneaa^r ^^^NEW TTHIABtaOBO*andConvea- .,. i^ihiHtthii nonUg, Wk. SiaraLim wu ehoienlectaie-room. DeaconWaorapresided,V?.«',warranted to care.LBAUaOilS. TeiiiM. Wedaeedar, April 'aad racceti uf the tioclety ;electioD of Dhectora of the HkM- iw-^. ,-j.— T,.,i ^>,^..to geBroadway, TrleopheroaaNo'tkern Indiana Railroad lo-4ar>Elijah M. OH-:(t.ef Aohnm: SUUaan Witt, of Clna- S. Barry, of Coaitantlne, ICleh.; IMa of Elkhart, Ind.; IL U Sykaa, Ji,^(of'ftiV^VVi' ^^i^^l"** *•? hold it I idependsDUr oJ5etocl«t»,»Ddwh»mayMeUto.romot«tn«irowoBanr'aIwete^elected : SilplbamUe,B MlKon Courtright, J. UTia*>ortbevie»>o(ai>art;inthe dociet^;thorerore,representedKe«i>, of New-VorkMnke*n made lorfonlgn aid. ;Churchsustaiced. Hehadsoacteduntilhehadbe-Wb. William*, of BxUfalo.Maqaoat nrtrtliig of tke Dmetora, EliaMlelaetad Prealdaat, aad M. L.8yke%Jib ew.1,truth whencame to film Bold, wheteaale andChemis'., HEGBUPrAiNne«k-<t., BBorsotaodn-. retail.by CO.,Kmgtmm, from Glugow, 4th, or North Brttm, frombe collected in Great Britain, could atone for the moral damage sure to result from the measure.noil^g wrong In seeking foreign aid. Was there any objection when money was collected to build theby mail, pottage pre-paid, oa iiiiii^l «fBaANDKETH>8 nXiI.S.Qm8*.April 26, 11 A. M.—Weather cloudy, like tain ;JoBBS, wind light, N.W.Wednesday, AprilISi.pealnecessary,appeal greatEbsruaed—Banna—In this on City,,It remained toseen whelhar theoflag the gnma and redc^g all InflammatiJ/LPerhapsprocess.Isupposed so. —Depend upongiveyonrialyw,Philadelphia,andflock andbMmoyaiZw. i. combxin * co. hatk ubfotwbthsib hxbohaht tail0rih8 ahd olothurs nTABusaHEHT ntoM HO. 8 iownr to NO. 18 FOVRTH.ATBNVB. 0PP08ITH THH OOOFKK IHSTITOTE.INDIAN JKAIDEN. AN INDIAN BOT.HOWHOW THE IHDIAHB HAKE WAR.nOELITT AHD TREACHIBT AHOHQ TBS INDUNS.FOB A TRUE AHD STABTLIHe 8T0B7Albert Hi»;»-Mitotved, That thii BooMty disavow and atierly re-! theCHEAPEST ARnOLKwas before the Church he had taken tnat iAMMB BUCKUET, aliat Bkiblkt, made his es- ground and he had since found no reason to changegetaChiistlan? Tbe Trustees had refused to take thephilosophers,men, and divines. Persona who wish can obtain phre-4Upiiia with him.There was noJadge HosDOOH against the World's Safe InsuranceCoBpaar at Troy, as stated In a dispatch from AI-baay. A reference was ordered to Gso. Van Sasi-d*|^ tbeir own labor. If the kidneys are Inactive, th* *kia^ Carreeilaa.THE IRREPRESSIBLE CONFLICT nesB, and that some of her friends might wish to jiid pleased. They might pass all the resolutions they soalisht. aa by this precaution a more serious attack Between Fun and Folly, Satire andthe Church. When the Independent denied the right pleased and he would trample them under his feet. may he effectually warded off. Sold by all druggtsts. Slobbery,aoaa. Xaq., of to Its affairs. The statute and the precepts of the Gospel, should be care-appeal England Cspa, and all surgical appdances, by UAR8H & CO., Will be inaugurated byTroy, report upon Caopaay Udotng boaineas as usual.Tke Br«Bl«b War stemmakip Pe'trasellB.ful to "pay as we go," and " go as we pay ;" to seek such a place ot worship as they could maintain. The idea of a Cnurcb like the Church of the Puritans so demeaning itself as to confess that it could not sus-their action could not be criticized ?No. 2 Vesey-st., New-York, opposite St. Paul's Church.M09ni8bi uiptus or ibxib cobtekts. Ca*tiTaa***A apeelal meatiac of Dr- Chbitbb's Church, which was laigely atteodad, was held lait eraolng inSL'SiS^*"An?2J <n»y h .v« a Pryor eUl«,theChorchand oataklDg the chair gave the members some ex-oeUentadTiee with regard to forbearance and matua blavBiy Church could be supported. He had otherOrWOOD.BPDTioaTetfIL-oSalau,liilSu HliBoazl. 'eonrtcsylathecoBingdebate. Thebusinesso(tbeeveningmoveDr.CHsavaa. HeilAU.,totheeaectthat Mr. SHStcxTar had said "that"^"'h»""!'<•'«uch •".o TIh?eliln,tiefi?t°u".'t.lTa"nSEOROIA.was marie thefollowingreaolatlons,offeredByWiixiau.HansT twentyfamilieswerenti^l°^'<-Z.^f^ ""' "xm In your ear,CumPrise* caahed at Ho. H8 Bnadway. Olreolan aeatby *ddre**lBCHODSEB, DATI8 ft 00., Hhnafen,Itae«a,Ga.end a<aC to Oreat Btluln an a«cDt for ihe piirpoje of p-ocutingooposedwith the Societj, or iij T.uiteej, employedhadfunaa (or the txsEeflt of th- Church of tho ParlUDsBuoh Bg«Dt has made publl 3 appeals in Ore.t Britain toIhe charitabk and benovoj«nt fur aUDh fanda. and is un- tone in the West had tieen unsuccessfuL** He alsooeratuoU Cu tiave been collecting monies (or wbich, brMto him.FtaakUn-MHiaie. Hew-T**,toe leims of ber employment, she Isto be paid tea perr. Sbibxtut had made slaiementa of the same nature*BO TH»T A1WAT8 MaKA-GXTO ri??l,^w?J?TM^"*;,0°-»"" Who esaleand BetaUandWlttreat, Boch appeals for charity in a loreign coua-try, under the crcumataocc* of this Honiety, are cal- ouJattd, even it duly autboiised, to create a feelioK In UMBoblic miod agalnat whaitTer imth^ may be uct^;SUIT:cent, on the amount coll-cteoiAVMDTB- •d'nmigm»polpitu•uppoited,andtoprareatthegnwtlnSewtacBfaaUae. PEBFKCT FAMILY HAOHINB.);aaa wss unpopular;Mr. Oiuiar said ha did not aee that there wai anyOOROBBHSXnrALIirabfl. r,.*^."*^duelsorbarbSTM*name."^ £!21*° !?• "?<**' «• EngUnd than lao«htr 1appeal*MMdatbeeharch. HereadanrfMayltofKmif fJ'iffA"^»how thethe appe^', and said this autement would ihow thata, 6^ s«, n.u,Dauwiw-CU** lis. M, Ai^W fain'78, 66, IT, 40, 1, «^ JJ, 51clrcuai»taoe**of getdog up the appeal wu got up for the parpose of sustainingbe- against w ^^^ ; that he should oppose uie assessmeuu onabsent pew- holders; that he waspeal to England that Dr Cmsvsa ;his little""»' '""» roK)?and that his real an affidavit of Joaa IIclubd, to the efToct thatAfter a number of attempts to call Mr. GiLDsnto order and orevent the reading, Mr. AssaiiSTirr ex- piessed bis willigness to have the affidavlu read, and Mr. GuBisT read another to show that Mr. Ansair- xniT had tried to have Dr. CHixvsa called to Boston,'Sei-ylrk.WUIeaa & Olbba*''^ '^ ""* '** 'alton-jt.,IIweiwtreMIr(AMr. ABKaABTUT said that he bad beenas at due time offeriog to sustain Dr. CHiiviaandthe Church out of his private fortune. That showed - ...JIK^TH* HiS HamlHon White, of 8jT»cate ; IW- -^- b> peraoBI oonneuled with tDli Society, and held come eonvisceo that the community would not sus- Ladles, try It. For uds by all druggist* and parfomen.and.WIttnaj Iciiyttaore ot^ectiooakte whan the name and had at various times represented that the Churchat ika t-taorcti u oaed to eUctt dom abrusd ehatitywss going down, and that Dr. Caiavaa could not be maintained.Mr. Gn-BXBT proceeded to explain liiB posltioa.._ ^ Price »3a,THE OH.-.-^iatolma, mat the collection of l^ndi from any that he had some desire at that time to see this FINoOr,DBPEBSESSIEHBqV,iBNEQAnaTnIdFTKIENS,WOWLN«rItAHnrB OHBI^paa|at«. Doth u moile,Mimemlndveodentlyofitand octtaa Tnuteei, oeteator the of pnrpoMthe of the expensesSore Cure fbr Fileer dbe.A new remedy for Bleeding, Blind aad Itching Pile*.Its nbatanee and ta« auoeal that•**">Deacon Faisbabxs said, he found the chnrchln taken steps to haye a certain lady collect fonds forthe debt, and waa told it wouldn't be paid. But heagency was represented subsequently as being on be- (900 or $1,000, and If the members who com- Sewtna nacMaea.—OEOBOI B. BLOAT fe OO.II"J^ Sent Ddisr.'Bel, paarad here yesterday, a* 7 P.M. 8he was about sentiments of disapproval. His feeling of opposition what difficulty he had to get money In New- shuttle sewing haosfnbs.• gva-ahot dbtant from the shore, and going West- had increased. He thought the morement for English York, they would perhaps not complain so much O. H. COLLINS. Mo. 400 Bnadvar. They knew that these heavy drafts could not be keptTbe weather was quite foggy. Wind west Ice aid Would result to the disadrantage of the Church, up. Understanding that a member of the Church Fare Kentucky Benrban.Scene* of Clerical Life " aad " Ai^ MM."eloae ahead. and that the Church snould disavow It. These were was going to England, and cculd get money fromCPdrt-aa-Baaqne Is the farthest western station in his views, and he thought that if the Society should Dr. Cnaavah's friends, and was a prudent discreetSObbls. and half-bbla. S.T. SUIT'S Salt Biver Bour- bon Whisky, for sale In lo^a to suit purchasers, byATWATEK, MULFDRn A CO., Nos 36 an< 37 Bread-stTbe Fhrenoloalcal Mnaeom of Fowler & Wella> No. 308 Broaiway, just above the Park, it a very Interesting place to visit, as It contains Bgyvtiaa mummies, and the busts and skulls ofthe most noted per-Itao., Moalia, #1.,he did'nt anow exactly Kewfcandland, and tlie iteaner In qaeation would adopt them, the Church would be in a better and firmer what It was. He had made up his mind that theasm to be bound to Quebec—probably the Unitt* condition. He did not see how any money that could Church should be sustained, and believed there was18th.—Rooana.]Bseape of a Hane-ThleATaaaroK, Wednesday, Aorll 25. ^ themoney, ai:d they could not give it to a committee.cape from two Police-officers from New-York, by his opinion. His position had been somewhat misun- He would take money from anybody who chose to descriptions of character daily.UTaipo<ri,fence around the Church, ortions because tney expressed nls sentiments. When help to pay the debt? Was he to take a sons the world has known, including, idlot8,tfai6ves.mar-Deacon UaavsT seconded the preamble and resolu-byDr. Cbixvxb tosubjectjaaplnc, handcuffed, into the canal, three and a half \lerstood. He had consenied to run asa Trusteeouly give it to him to sustain the church, and netber thechurch or society, nor the Board of Trustees, had Coughs.—The great and sudden changes of our cli-ptire.'*-Joh, xL 4.oUa* aoolh of Trenton, this aflemoon. He was ar- on this ground. Re did not run as one standing la any mate are fruitful sonrcei of Pulmonary and Bronchial leatad for a horse, wagon, opposition to the Pastor. It would be recollected right to ask where he got his money. He would set ACectlons. Experience having proved that simpleTHEHoxroLX, Wednesday, April 3S.The Spanish war steamship Petronella has ar- The gieat object was to operate for the conversion Mr. Phxu'8 continued. What waa this conspiracy his Hair Dye, the best extant BATCHELOR'S Winbair dyes,or oostiveneas, finally producing paintara'amia- ooUe, ifitaed hate after a passage of nineAn en board of her are well. She will take the MiinnlstTytoMeilco.that a certain acute brother had discovered ? Why, and Toupees have improvements over alL This 1* ffieTHE IMPENDING CRISIS NOTICE TO THE PDBIilC.atarBtBaaB,ai>>.Afrt SS^Weather in*TtanMawtar at noon, 60°.hadtried to quiet them Instead of Nae ; but.good butter ont of skimmed milk. Bla*<daysFirealAlstera,I.a. Nxw-OaiSAns, Wednesday, April 25.work of one man and what was ;only plaoe Bad*.where theae areproperlvnndanteod andSeveral warehoDses situated atLa.- to..^ aied to proGiue peace, and had therelMe roled to ' opad the spirit of strife In tbe Church, and brought yonths and ladies, AT WHOLESALE ONLY.41N. F.,and that the results of the;Church, Haw ERADICATING DISEASE FROM THE SYSTEM. YcrkCcnfertnce,toCua&lott*Tubao,eldestdaughteriMir;anaibtrs lessening who opposed to Iti theoaibers of opponeets increased, and theik waaBOW at least a large mlDorlty opposed the maainra.Ba now appeared to oppose It, and signed the Mil fhrtMs meeting wiih the belief that the mmonty waa •-titled to anolner hearing, and that the questioa had Mr. Habtt proceeded to detail the statements of D. D.. .ToEzi>B A. Edibbabs, of Ottawa, III ,to Saaaa not been considered on its own merits. It seemad to Messrs. ABsaNKTHT Hatch and Wilcox LooiSK Hanna, of thi,i City.low aplriisvandall thosewind 8. S. W.;H^Dr. Hastt eald that be was prepared to fhUy in- dorse the mission to England. He believed that tbeof Bishop Jaies. A fbw bottle* will moit effectually regulate and cle&nie BACErrr—Roi.—In thin City, on Wednesday, AsrU the tygtea, and KEEP THE BLOOD PURE.instead otbeing healthy, only breed*must oe somefrom Havana of souls, and when an abject outside of that was—allowedto monopolizeallatten-Dr. Ball aaU Oat Ae hMt andaamrad fraa the start M a paaca-aakar. Tke sabjeet at fist straek him a* a» nnwu* ataaiT BataehadhaaaaodlMu*- ed with matters raiaHag to tbe Choich that ha Oa-Algiers,To Batters aad Milliners.—BBAUTIFUL 8TYLS of LEGHORN and iSTRAW BRaIO HATS, for intents,.taintneGospel'.Therereason for It.was allsought—their own field not being fully cultivated it from the dates of theItSpan- th* Church went out of its way, especially if the wonderful, appearedcarehlljattendedt* 'aHNCtain the measure. He voted thus more brffHen- -tte members In opposition before the Courts. HeA. B. AUTOM, Ho. U* Broad vaj, ad ftoES.thanlorthemeritsoftheChurch. Hehadnotlack- pretestadagainstthemodeof treating the question adawdiy. April SS. ed at it in all its relations, carefully ; but of latahU wUeb had been adopted, by applytag eptthats andHAtirtT,W^ar ina and claar ; wind Ugfat ; aOantlon had been called to tne tact that it waa a bitdylair chaTge*._ -MARRIED.Haiao—jABBa.—la this Clir, on Welaesday. AprH a* it contains all the vegetable substances which~W. 8. W. Tbenaometer at noon. 59°. dMurbing element Some of the strongest Aatt-dehdent in goantity. Yon cannot expect to make expe- "—Mr. Gzuaaa further exj^alnad his podtton ; and, Aptn St.—Weather elear They believed it would werk mlschteC He a •emewhat rambUag iiieech, sat down.,nm, DTsrxraiA, or iHpertsetas manufactsred under the direction of the celehraM mralent. lhe neceenry change whiek aki^ chemistandphysician.Dr.JAMESiR.CHILTON,iithi vtasghtuponthefoodinorderthatIt mayD*ati*llonly effective and permanent bo*l**Isherevery Imperfectly performed. Th* eg BENeVATOR AND PURIFIER OF THE BLOOD, qaaaee is that the chyle is not only bad In qoalltywoman, he signed a paper .Oswaoo, Wednesday, April as.of aootr have fallen aince mad- hlaa that no movement separate orgaalaad to tbe effect that the church could not be supported, April 23. by Rev. Dr B. H. Chaoln, William CbMK-aaca, but in Btabbom caaes the Lirx-Aj>DiTX*n SYRUP FOR CHILDREN TEKTBISO oaed occasionally, acoordisg to printed dltectlOMiB :-|HwkatakrTMegnwh. BAunMsa, Wadaiaday, April &.it, mothers, it willFLOm quietWbxat scarce, but unchanged in price.ant: white and yellow, 73c. 'a7oc. Paovisioss quiet Miss Poai, »17 75; Prime, $14 75: Rump, JI3 75. "Wbisxt steady, at 22c.PHaAnxLi-aiA, Wednesday, Anril 25.Wbuct steady, at 21c. '322c.— ^iw-0nia\53, Wednesday. April 25.satakenonaeeonntof taealaawithootand!>*•tHo. I'alia nil.!;Howard-street superfine, $6 2S.witUa," aad tbat tberafora. a few ladlridaal* of the= a,n^entti-c,-attoo.had no right to obtain funds in tbe name of the So- tion.aB eases.Millions of bottles are soldFloub firm; sape-fine, ^6. Whiat tirin ;right minorityout Ihe consent of the majority to go out and obt.iin foreign aid on behalf of the Society. He sto jd oy the pastor except in this roovemeat He supposed itfaying that there was a bitter and moUgnanttion against him, and malignant determination to re- move him from the ministry of the church.Mr. J. O. BEMiraTT called him to order, on thePEBEINS, New-Ycrk, is on the outside wrapper. Sold by Druggist* throughout the world.HIKAM ANDERSON,sales 3/100 bushels; Red, «1 SO'Stl 52; White, $1 733 21 75. Coas advanced IcSXiic,; sales 3.000 bushels ITelkrw, 78c. Paovmons £rm. Miss Poas, $18 3'i,opposi-COROS Sales, 4,500 bales today,tu )< ¥ cent piemiura.Cbaxiistoii, Tuesday, April 24.distresses to him in the conduct of some of the mem- brother- in-law. Christian Zabriakie, No. 197 Prince-st, on Friday mornintr, at9o'cluck,ConoK—Sales to-day 1,300 bales, at unchanged ntes. MoBiuB, Tuesday, April 24.bers, and to allude to tbe mercantile policy of con- —WaiTK. in this City, on Wednesday, April 25. Mrs.la aeoldbeiety woulu support the movement It seaaMd tokiathatoneortwoseotencesinDr.CHunB%latltrUKihesubjectweredeservingofatteatton. Oaaaaft-conspirators.Brooklyn,Teethinc by fCosn>ew-York. to Sabau. VanVorst,ofJerseyCity.year in the United remedy, IiIta«ii|— from the Hubt, Riqbby, Cai'issuA»s-—WoaLST.-In this City, on MouMtm*flbuoy- ;of tbe late Cornelia*onTaOBBB.—In this City, on Wednesday eveninc, April 25. TaovAS W. TnoB.iE, in the 74th year of his age.The relatives and fnends of the family are respectfully invited to attend hia funeral, from hia late residence, corner of 7th av. ana 40th' St.. on Saturday, April 38. at 4 o'clock P. ii. Carriages will be in attendance at Trin-every andwell-tried.prOTCBent Is, and it* effects.It ooaatst* of .a comoination or mix>ng of su- dermine the action of the pastor, then there might beThe rehttlTes and friends of the family are respedtfullyJuice was to Ihe effect that no Church actioo eeald **He. at C«aal-*t. and aatbyaUdaakn.Chuch gave Mlsa Jomsoa theirdaughter~- .^States. It is an oldPRICE ONLY as CENTS AIf thiBwaa not a duty wiiich performingGiLKAK—Bali..—Dr. Cbbxvbb now took the floor and commenced by Mia* AHT C. Ball, <,t tee.Thursday, Aorll IS,properly and legally be'onged to the r!burch, the tmitee* and tiie society, he did not know. It seemed to him that the pastor had no with others—a with-Le?, Mass.,would be urged ihat individuals had a to sup- ground that it was unbecoming to charge rightcrimiDality poit tbe Society in any way they pleased. But they on any of the members, and not relevant to the ques-ricty. tome had declared that the brethren auihor- Dr. Cbievxr denied having charged criminality buteasier, but quotations unchanged. ScoAa firm. Mo- Izea th" appeal in the name of the Society, and had upon having his attention called by Mr. Bxn.nstt to ity Church until 3J^ o'clock-;pricesLASsxs quiet. Flock steady, at $5 9ua$6. F&iight obtained tne money on thai pretextof Cotton to Liverpool, ^id. Exchance on London, Dr. IlAiT-No, we have denied that over and overeii«i6>> V cent. ^ annum, and with bills ot laJing, at again.7K^8 V cent. Sight £x>:taange on New York, a'. p» The Cbaikmax—I hope there will be no more such Dr. CsBavEE proceed to state the causes of ceitaln invited to attend her funeral, from the residence of herinterruptione.Dr.BAU, continued—He knew of no other dissen-sion iu the Church to wic'e as this. It was imoo^sible for any brethren to obtain money from Europe, ing a congiegation of paying worshippers. He Ber fnesda, anu those of her tons. Ablal and Wm. B.and k<ep it in their own hands, for the purpose of thought if tbe church was to be cond'icted on that l<l!ic. for Uf tddling. Sdirs of three days, 1 1 ,UO0 bales sustaining the Church. He understood that the plan, the pastor ought to be notified in advance.Miles, also of her bon-in.iaw, John G. Uurdock, are in-CoTTOH—Salesatncelptsofthreedays,3500bales. FreightsandEx- change unchanged.* CmciSKATj, Wednesday, .Vprll 23. FtOWR—Prices atiffer, but quotation.s unchanged.Bight Exchangeowingscarcitytoabroadfor currency for 292!i,andgold SiSJillcentpre-such a would work and thing mischief,mother, Rogers.mains will be taken to Sullivan County for intermenton Friday morning.MABCa.-ln this City, on Tuesday, April 24, suddenly,to-day 4,000 bales,lOJcSatteiid at i her funeral, on/ Friday. April 27,be sustained by outside money, the example Wnsxarnncbuiged. at 17!$c.®17;ic. Poek steady, and influence of the church would be lost. PeopleCbzivib having the floor.bndoes* small, but ;)iicei fi:m. Exchange unaltered.Exchange.St. Locis, Wednesday, April 25.would ssy, if Dr. CflJBTM cannot sustain his churchyiiiia piesftiVg Slavery, I am sure I catuot againstri»k ii. Other ministers would say so. Thus far. Dr.by the City, and if heCanal (THROtGH th* Cayc(3a Marshe."?.—ThdnewcanalacrosstheCayngaMarsheswillbecom- CbablebHznetBsowx.aged3yearsand10months, pleted and in readiness forthe opening of navigation. only son of Mary S.G.Brown and the late Mobary M.on New-York,to Brown,City.toof bankable funds by some bankers is selling at 1?:^ S) IHV cent. pieminm,but the ruling rate is lii '{icent.:Philadelphia Stack Board. Philacxipbia, Wednesday, Upril 25. Stocks inactive. Pennsylvania Stale Fives, 95JTherellcally,practically, it had done so. There was a time wnen there wss but few opposed to Dr. Csxivia, while now It would be found Iha: there was aty opposed at least to this measure which Dr. CBiivra sustained."his thoughts were turned on peac;e," &c. There was a fned in tbe Roman Senate at the moment those words were spoken, and he who spoke toem was a friend uflevel, by dispensing with two locks, and by the con- struction of embankments, and an aqueduct over the Seneca river at Montezuma. The old canal has been preserved for use In case of a failure In the new, but it is not anticipated tbat It will again be required.- Albany Argus,Card.Eenor ANTONIO DE SOTOLONBO, of Hayans. has; Long fslead Railroad, 12: Pennsylvania RaUroad, 37';. eight Exchange on New-York 1-20 |l cent .lisc )uiit.Rev. C. J. Waebix salU ihit, like the Roman,ISmilyteadlUg Railroad, 21)4;Morris Canal; 51 ?i ;Snperheated Steam. BALTDioax,Saturday,April14,IMiO. .Ih lit Editor af tke New- York Timet :Oor attention hsa been called to an article inYODifaperof Uth iast,headed -'Superheated Steam,'^ iawWehthe writer states that"Tha but method of using highly suoerheated ateaai, howerw, is that of Mr. Witbskis, an Ameri- caa, who** plaaa are In considerable use ou the Coa- UnesC"Am the article refers to only one feature of the^ Wefhered improvement," we have thoughtit proper as Ihe (Mglnators of the system, to state what the Im-Home. It seemed to him that perhaps the fuedf; in been appointed General Agent for tbe sale of SINGER'S Bawlzt. in the 23d year otlher afre.brethren had already collected some money which they held, and he thought the Church ought now toThe point of order was again renewed by Mr. Bbb- NITT, and the Chairman decided that Dr. Cuxcvsavited too'clock, from the residence of her son, w, B. Miles, No, 77EldridgeStthe ioterest* of the Church to un-parheatsd and ordinary steam. Tne use of a cause 01 repelling those iiifluences, fiutno sucn pur- FAHILY SEWING UACHINE8 of new style* at t7S corner of !8th St, without further invitation. Her re-aoperbeated steam alone is not neu>. It has posesaid the theory was wrong. SupposeEnglanc;a timewill end as the appeal was that rich men were leaving thechuichandtakingtheirfamilies. Hownaturalwerecontrol of the temperature, and ue^ause so much of the superheated steam as m»y be I ot foreign aid that had paid off the debt If he werethis flay. (Thursday,) at 2 o'clock P. M., without further in-and altboughBy flie adoption of cur process, tbe engineer hasvitation. _ SiTToN.—'n Brooklyn, on Third Day, April 21, Haisadj6'~ Alexandria, Va., papers please copy-illness. the 31stanrotd oar patentexUrit considerable saving of fuel, baialafore—Ih abandoning itW.. wife of Henry Sutton, In the 63d year of her *«. The frienOs of me lamilv are respectfully mvited. withoutfurthernotice,toattendherfuneral,fromthe Brooklyn,coaspleta8. T. RiiIt>BPURE KENTUCKY BOURBON.SALT RIVER DIS'HLbF.BIES ESTABLISHED 1B39.»<, after a;they may for theyonlynecessary to produce the best results, which may al- ways be obtained at a temperature, within the steam- cylinder, below that which will cause damage.ing, according to circnmBtances, from 25 to 75 per ra:fl ami antborixed the appeal to British Christians -cent or pecuniary aiii, are now alia always have been will- ItIspropertostate,however,thatInsomecases !.£t.-'aEscrovandbearallthelegitimateresponaibili-tte apparatus for the steam waa found le-tr-nsr.ju^Dt upon (aid api>eal ; andsuperheating nnirfit. Su.h ell.jrts to i>rovid>: funds for such ob- tobedefective,lufohlugexpenseforrepairs,which jectsascavabeenavowedbythesebrethren,arcmsni-shRorztab.—In BrRoowklyan,doAncoThusetsad.ay.wifAeproifl <5eor^ w,In no instance has our improvement been testedbe usedegainstat 10 o'clock, at the Church of the Holy Apostles. 9th-av.,was for those foreign funds. But It was and tSO.L H. SINGER & CO., Ho. 4K Broadway.for interment, via New Haven Railroad train leaving at 12'h o'cloca.alleged the church shouldbeea tried freqaestly ; and though known to be disavow Mis5 Johnetobe's appeal? Cut Bono^ Would Iran Work fiir BuIU1b«s.—Iron Store land Donoi.-In this City, on Monday evening, Apiil O,beneficial in one point of view, has been abandoned it bring peace ? Would it make the praver-meetings Bank Fronts, Colnmas, Girders, Beams, Dsor abutters. tn most Instances because of the want of some con- : wetter? If the brethren who had authorized the Stair*, Vaults, Ac. Every description of Fine IronMra. Susan Dodge, in the 77th year of her aire.The relatives and friends, also those ol her son in-law, Harvey F. Aubery, an- invited to attend her funeral,had made any error, it was the result fromtoiUlng element to prevent damage to the cylinders, acpeal Work for building purposes, manufactured at JAUSB from her late residence. No. 32 Stanton-st., on Thursdaypacking, Ac, of the engines and boilers from exces- would be the use ofsive beat "tro'ible in 'he Church of thethis excitement about L. JACKSON A BBOTBEB'3 Iron Works, 3Sth-at, afterncon. at 2 o'clock. Her resiains will be taken towhen there It I* this controlUne element that the " Wetherei was no tangible evil to be reached or corrected?jxapiovement" supplies, and the wonderful effects pro- duced by it have forced engineers everywhere to give It IWr attention, and efforts are being again made byauortouic supetheaieU tteam alone, in order toSd-av. and 39tk-Bt, New-York.Qrarer Jk Baker'* Ne1»e1eaa FAMILY SEWING UACHINB8,THE BEST IN USE.No. 495 Brosdwagr. Kew-Tork. Ho. 183 Falton-at., Brooklyn.rtra-Freaf Safka. STEARNSfcHABVIN,No. 40 tCUBRAT-BT., Haw York.Greenwoodtheir love for the cliurch, and for the pastor. Whatstarting up Puritans,"for intenrentVbcxlss.-In Brooklyn, on Wednesday. April 25, KoT-al Fiibcev. youngest son of W. B. and Elisabeth Cnc- kles, aged 11 moaLjiB and 10 days.The friends of the are invited to family respectfullyWiiat would be the effect of Dr. BcLL'a speech in—uot be sustained wiwout foreign aid—would it dimin- ish the fimu iubf cubed in Englend? Not a dollar. The passage of the resolutions would no doubt in- crease the subscriptions in England. The reason ofconveyingthe idea Dr. Cusxvaa could thatthe efforts to keep the church upbrethren had made aopeals outside of the congrega- tion, and the debt of the church was paid off. It washouse of John J. Merrltt. No. 76 CDlambis-st, on .Sixth Day. April 27, at 3 o'clock P. M.'.and a member of this church, andThe and pastorWfii-Tfi.-. MewBrs. IKrtt. Falrbank, Towns and (*il- properties, we recoiDmend It with all conlidenc-.to tbe abdbxson In Brooklyn, on Tuesday, April 21, ot m- wllbout exhibiting a very grest saving of fuel, vary- !< rr. mi.uihers of the Church of the Paritans, whooriiti- public Sold by every druKg.ist in New-York and flamalion of the lunnB. William Hbnbv. only soij ofhad tbe effect of retaroiog it* advance for a time.The relatives and friends are respecilully invited to andmandfacturiscsewingma- attendthefuneral,thisday.(Thursday)atIIXo'clock3ut now, we are liappy to sayotnlated, and that the unpiovement 1* at this time infestly not an undue interference with any rights orCHIMK8 TO RENT and FORA.M.. in the house of Mr. Williams, and at 12 o'clock M. in the Second Reformed Dutob Chorch. Hackensack.F.nsAK.-At Westfleld, N. J.. Jehbbtt. daughter of Rev Edward B. Edgar, in the 12th year of her age.Funeral this day, (Tharsdav.) *t 2« clocx. Thedifficulties areprerogit;v>..s of ttieTruH.esofjhe Society, and no more objeciiojaMc. as Treating a monetary power, dangerous to IB* (-^.ut^:h and Society, than the efforts of ihe Pastor i««*-0BO of tM moat imporuint steamers running out and others to raijn funds outside the coagreit^tioa to «< tUa port of Baltimote— bf.sices many others in Eu- liquidatdeaemeabtese, wrohi:cheh occe nod asain have tnreatened,theseSALE, At the Office of thenor than the oobie oiler rope, Very respecifiilly vours. which our late iieasurer, Chaeies ABEBNIT9T. Esq.. VVETHERED BROS. is understood to h'.vo .nee made, thit he would, if8, Cabolisi C, wife of Wm. M. Kord. of Brooklvn N. Y., The tale of the North American Sero*ene Ots Light and daughter of John W.Kelly, lomerly of FhUadel-The Boeheater Democrat learns that the CentralhaveBailtoad Companyfixm thU dty to New-York for 35 cents per barrel. It ha* been understood all along ttat the owners of the flour weie willing to pay about 35 cents, and that the casal lorwardan woakl take It at that pi ice as soon-tm navigation opeaed.private tortune ; an-1.Jietolved, Ihat there is no » no occasion far this So-ciety to t.ke »ny actson whatever leiaiive to said ap- peal for pecuniary aid, nor any action relative to anr funds Ihat may have been, or mat niiy yet Uc vecaivcd, in»n»werto>hst»PpeaLponed till tbe 10th dav of Hay next, at 12 o'clock, when the fame will be sold "ilhoutieerve.PHILO T. EDGGLES, Receiver.Ferry'* JawiBOOT AND SHpk POLISH.Splendid gloss. No rubbing. Soil* nothiiyt.ga* Phlladelffala papers please copy.HAI.I<> KO. 374 BUDSO_N-Hcommenced carrying flourto*aad lesolntloB we make no dtsUratioa aa to tha wis-Rrsolvul. That in adertlBCdcBof tbat appeal, bat lears tbat (espauibtuty en-gralns.ings, a large aasortment.'9''sg'»ng preamblethe word " malignant," withdrew that word.The chairman decided that Dr. CuxEVEKwas out ofordit in not speaking to the point.The relatives and friends of Lhe family are respectfullyappeal;that an Antl-».ft BBOTHKBI,about leaving the churchto the ap- better take elsewhere that Dr. ChsivisHABPBBgo the mlnla amongAmi nob-jl V ask tbera w hvneither siKsh nor ArTe.n^eSv.er"a"fr^aid their man toamheoeot."ters.:tain the Church. What was the poatUan of theChurch now ; There was not now one hundred sup-porters of Dr. CHABvaa, He stood now just as strongm his opposition to this organization, as he had stoodbefore in favor of It All his fault had been that he RY: D. FOWLB, No. 71defrayingty. Is a dangerous precedent and aubrerslTS of oarpecdecce ai a Congregational Society.Mr- Cbasus R. Habtst, in seconding the resolu-stated his reasons for objecting to the mtsstoo 'to Great Biitaln.: Ir. Smith, In supporting his resolutions, said those la Airor would, no doubt, be willing to stand up for .Oa morement, while the oppoients might exprssi Itatr Tiews. At first he supposed the moTement 111. a^ised. He understood that a small number hadthe annual meeting. A Committee, of which he HunhMtorM by H. C. SFALDINS k OC. by members in their priyate capacity, although the was a member, had been authorized to raise P. O. addre**. Box Ho. S,6nib Ho. 48 Oedu-«£THE INDIANS HAKE LOTE.•THE F|iO»«.A HOTEL.Vf Oaotoi Eut(, Aathor Oftbeand asked him what was tne condition of the Church. way, aad aU Druggists. Oertlflcate* with eaca botUe.spokeprecisegentlemenHe bad always expressed the kindest sentiments for Dr. Chzivxx. His cotuse had been open, and he had told Dr. Cunvxa personally just what he bad told others, that he believed that a change of ministry would beneSt the Church.Whaelar ft Wllaaa'a Sewlac Bbehtaw. ney are the tavorlie* for tamiUe*.— TVmc*.we prefer them for bmllr niii Trihuii-Offloa No. M6 Broadway. Hew-Toifc.BpaMIaf> Prapare4 CHaa. GkurchinEngland. Ttils agenthadbeensentout thoughtItcould,andtialfofthedebtwasraisedbefore Csami.nBv^xnoun. FoBgALBaiBaiwuaBa.Focr-an-BAaani, N. F., Wednesday, April 2$.A large steamer, with three masts and one fan- half of the Church. This l&tier fact increased Ms plained of his going to England oidy knew celkbratsd elliptic lock-stitch andyard-stick to see how far he' should go to derera. mechanics, pcets, actors, states-IHDIAHUrK.NBir-TORK LBDOSR.stealing harness, &c., tnat before the Church meeting on tbe subject, he had all at defiance to prevent him from maintaining the remedies cften act speedily and certainly when taken THE flBKAT FIGHT FOR TBE CHAMPIONSHIP OFwaJaed at •3S0. They were on their way to Phlla' warned tlie brethren who started the measure that church, and he would ask whomever he pleased to in the earlvrecourseshonld at once they were expected to sustain iu It was asserted by help him. He did defy them all to stop him from col- be had to BROWNS BRONCHIAL TROCHES, or LoJ-WITAND HDMOB.some that the lady agent went on her private busl- lecting money,to do with the asmoney Just he enges let the cou^b or irritation of the throat be everTaoT, Wednesday, April 2S.injonction granted yesterday by who sent ber did not contradict It. For indivi- the meeting. The opinion unanimously expressed, Dr. niarah coatlnnes to apply his' Radical Humbug, Ridicule aad Rapacity, Laughter and rescue,lungs coow lactly larger share of vark, **B*f— Dr. HAaiT Iwork in whit* leadam with you.-"cations in which lead is an ingredient, lare aahjeet lamore affidavits thattheconspiracywasmainlyaftertheactiontopre- vent which it was alleged the conspiracy was organ-the bowelspersons who have little exercise in the open air aici atleticthtohaveBmallseeretionBfromthebowel*.i •attle into oon*tipatlaa, vary MBairit to reMovewltlwatchangeqf.<IU*. BaAaaaaia'* Piu* a>« the<( thia character. Ot all caana attneare notmostlaad. Wasmen to conspire to obtain foreign aid by illegal and unauthorized means? In this Church and Society there was nothing but harmony before this movement. Tbla very movement was at least what had devel-IjadletithoeeOnitcrBootsat t3e. perpair are now all the rage, with Ladies'. Hisses', Boys' and Children's Boot* and all and atTHEWHOLESALEANDRETAILOFFICE orDR. S. P. TOWNSKND'S SARSAPARILLA IS aEHOVlD TONO. FULT0N-3T., comer of Pesrl-st.it not just as much a for four conspiracyShoes, styles prices,appeal,Uye> Wig* aad Taapeaa.ment. honsepainters,ducting a church, as a stock speculation, fur procur- Betbt Wbite, in the *)7:h year of her age.Rtbeb.-In this City, on Sunday, April 21, EuzA, wife decide, whether It would allow of that. It was not speaking to the point A motion waa then of famuelB. Ryder.seemed to him that if Dr. Csuvia was to made and'carried to adjourn to this evening^ Dr.Caixvia had beenwas not. It was a dangerous experimentsupportedof thisthe depth of four feet, and everything foimd satisfac- The relatives ana friends of the family are respectfullyThe friends and relatives of the family, and of her b'.otbers, Williani S. and Samuel J.Smich, are invited to attead the funeral, on Thursday, at 1 o'clock, from the residence of her mother. No. 159 Allen-st.A few the channel was filled with water d.iys agogofor aid. It was bad if a free gospel against Slavery tory. This plan, adopted in July, 1859, by the Canal invited to attend the funeral service, this (Thursday)could not be preached without such a sacrifice.afternoon, at 4 o'clock, from the residence of his grand- Commissioners, crosses the marshes on an elevated Elizabeth No. 3U Madison-st. The re-the Church of the Puritans were likely to result db- advaiitageously, as did the fueds to the Romans. The&e cuuiplamts of individuals endeavoring to sus- tain the Church, reminded him of a complaint of an Individual putting out a fire that w,t8 aooroachlng a powder magazine with a pail oi' water, instead of waiting for the fire engines to put it out WTiy should the movement for Eoglish aid be condemned ? No one claimed that it was il- legal, wicked, orcouuary to any rule, section, or word of law. 'There was certain strange events passirg. One and another of parties was drawn before the Courts, and he thought if ever there was a moment when they should avoid a new element of disturbance It was now. If there were funds foThe relatives and trlends of the family are respectfully iBvi'«d to attend her funeral, from her late residence.large majori-of apoplexy of the heart, E. C. Mabcb, Esq year of his age., in the 68thSEWING HACHINF.S. and all arUcIej connected wiUl their use. in and for the Island of Caba. All orders ad- dressed to him will be promptly and faithfully executed.for Interment. OurformeragentatHavanahasbeenunfaithfultothe Hakmon.—Inthis onWednesdayafternoon,Aprilto trust confided hiin,and has beenI. M. SINGER & CO.,No. 4S3 Broadway, New-York, No. 114 Oblspo-st, Havana.City,25, after a long ana painful Ulnesa. ot disease of tbeheart. Mr. Philip Harmon, in the 70th year of his age. Not ice of funeral to-morrow.M^ Newark. N.. I., papers please copy.l-ATTiN.-ln this City, on tVeanesday evening, .\Drildinger'* Sewloc !Hachlnes>AN ENTIRE NEW STYLE,Designed for all mannfactorlDg pnrpoees. Noiseless In Its operation, very rapid, and capable of every kind of work, it I* the best machine ever produced. Price only tllO.Jadncet.—In this City, on Monday, April 23. AoNzs Jadhczt, eldest daughter of the late Joseph Jauncey, M. U., ofWeatport, Conn. ,. ^^^„a man ofwanteu Dr. Cbiivib out of theup such a meeting as this, for that was the tendencytf Ihe whole matter. He concluded by offering the direct to us from the distiller. The brand hsing Lhe attend the fnneral. this (Thursday) afternoon, at 3 following resoli.tioiis: _ , „,, oldest in Kertucky, and noted for its superior medicinal o'clock, frcm her late residence. No. 20 Plerrepont-st.wealth,andyear of her age.Rev. Wm.A. Curtis, in, ..j.pulpithe would getofThe relatives and friends of thefsmily are invited toThe above article, which is perfectly pore, iacomisgBrooklyn. HEGESfAN a CO., Chemist and Druggist.Henry S. and Sarah M. Anderson, aged * months and 19WliLiAHS.—AtHackensack.N.J.,onTuesday,AplU 24. Catbarinz, wife of William Williams.Not.lei,399.eiland756Broadway,New-York. Every Variety of Flrst-ClassFamilyHEW-YORK SliWINfl JUCHINE BHPORHIH. No. 488 Broadway, corner Broome-at. Second floor.serious Societynecessary, sustain the Church entirely .from his own Company's Works, aavirtised far this day, is post- phla.;Special Anctlon Notice.April. Sold everywhere. jAPAKSaxPOLI^-SH g.o..LAHCON, lio.374 Hnd*«n-*t., near King.He. 147 Bt«aB*->t., one doo( west «f'BroaawiV.discharged.UntitledDocumentAH ODE OH"T BANL*e> B. «nna.BOOKS.Wk^ofA»AM1* i^nder Anil!'S.°"»was-tAey wmtldn't cut up tktir Ootka ! T.^.,S°w'''8 '"'"hereby;flerceatbile.OOHBOUDATHDLOmBIBSOrOfEoe No. HBOpposite St Nicbola* Hotet.BI!.!. JScrofBia, IsaltKhenm, fcc A liquid ;If not, the aeaey will be refunded. Prepared by HKNnological examinations, with charts and full writtenof the agent to represent the church, the genuemen Mr. PBII.P9 called at'ention to the question before and Megrims, Burlesque and Bunkum, Humor and the and do aany be said, was, that the appeal to England was Ill-ad- Core Trass with saccess, in effecting cures of Hernia Lngu- duals to thus assume control of the church officers was and;even running themselyes into inSamaatioa. Bat|^ windN.W.Thetnoaa-Klmverymenwereopposedtoitoapriae^I*.afterhayingbeeaieaUadtoorderaavaraltime*duringM.byBtRsebvo.pJCabnaeb*lxsO.EpD.w.aIBnotMbAeXaSitB.,PoufFt*heH.^riencehastestedandprovednsefulin ontofbadchyle.Youmightaawellexp*M*A»'-spiritthat tae ap-25, byGillette,Alex. K. ot Haokir,BB CAREFUL TO USE NO« BIHOTBDTONO.41 FULT0H-8T., Hew-York.'n to the disconsolateth*Pills forawholemonth. Occasionaldosesan realservics. NothingbutperseverancewilleSHt*C^ care. BaAanairB's Pills, as a rule, reqtilr* no airi"'now evinced In showed oppositionKev. Abraro 0.this City, to Miss Mollis S. Roe of Bellport, L. I.wasItself would be of the utmost benefit to the cause of abolition, to which they were all pledged.OTHER.dyspeptic. LetsnehBtageof thedlseajte,organs to help them wfaea they are not capaUe atand would, no doubt, dlssatlsfactlan vised. Even the originators said that taey could not or Rupture. Ladies waited upon by a female in private brionsness. Irony Impadcnce, Caricature and Con- the bowels being purged relieve* all the other aaeiimproper, giveHis belief was, that a Church organization under thenow state that the appeal was well-advited. Who looms. Bathing Trunses. Supporters, Shoulder Braces, ceit, Merriment and Helaneholy were the men that started this to that Suspensory Bacdsgea, Silk Elastic Stockings, Enee-Mr. FAiBfiABxs said that if the with him wished to disavow the sume the reeponsibillty himself.members who actedseveral can*eB. It is often thearii consequence of~ ihe would as-Balekalar'a BalrThis celebrated ectabUslimetit is removed to No. It Bond-*t Twelve private roocns for the anpUeatlon atMILLERft CO.'s,No.38TCanal-8tUonday, April 23,atSt.Peter'sChurch.20ih-st..byRev.A.B.Beach,_facilitate* the Apriltft.atSaintsPeterandFnuraConrch,bvReyTs. willaHayallpain,andissuren>regulatethebowel*.MaloLe^lEBBT S. Hewson to Maboabbt E., daughtv ol Robert V. Lucey. all of the City of Brooklyn.Sewell—\anVaatT.-AtJerseyCity,onTuesday, April 24. by Kev. V. I), Van Cleef. Bobcbt Sewell, orBxwsoN—LrcBT.—In Williamtbnrgb, on Taesdaf*At.by Kev. M. Gale, O. D., Abtbox Oiliiax, of this City, toBOfTLK.] None genuine nnlcBs the fac simile of CUIfTIS ft2t. of a lingering Ulnesa, Jobn Paiien, Sen., year of his ape.Notice of funeral in to-morrow's papers.in tne liTtbDIED.RooME.—In this City, on Wednesday, April 25, Mart BoouE, iu the "6rh year of her age.Brown.—In this City, on Tuesday evening, April 24,The frienus of theattend his funeral, this day, (Thursday,) April 26, at Trinity Church, at 4 o'clock.Hawlzt.—In vlis City, on Tuesday night, April 24, suddenly, of hemorrhage of the lungs. Miss Kate P.2 o'clock P. M. The remains will be taken to GreenwoodNo. 51 We8t22d St, this day, (Thursday.) April 26, atinvited to attend the funeral, on Thursday morning,maicB will be taken to Westpoit, Cuun.,attend the funeral, at No. 24 High-st., Brooklyn,Kead,daughter_OENT—J,_u.Bt received- Irom aueuoQ. gagliish ta-l'S_TDRKE_pestry Bartu.e;aeloiHl. c7*k.th;elegant ia- paper hang-;are respectfully Invited tosB.up2esi.fl<nde.inpgeraiyna,rSda. ;ftaeDerision and!On SATURDAY MORNING next.Price, one cent. LOOK OCT roaDeceit.^organs, neither nor all singlyDr. S.P.TOWNSEND'8 SARSAPARILLA,aariaJtaMw, ktt*MBB. WINSI.OW> AnexperleseedHarMaod Feaale Phyrietaa, ha*«rest toard relief and health to your infant*. Perfectly satb la,'.tTm•' Hy doctrine i»Co*tlTenc*a i* not inaptly named th* molber nf Ihease. Truly,whenthiisoon more syBptom b present, we —wexpect lerioa* dekaeis. Bow e*> It ba otherwise ? All the organs but the bowels have oth*rHlrth helps the kidneys. If tbe perspiration i*kidney* help the akin even tbe ehaefced, Ibaitojeiher can "theyrially relieve the Ixiwel*. To axurv* Taxa, ran wnmI,miierahlePersons whothose who use Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 