 I M:fspTciaily firm,rejoinders;everybody contradicts everybody3 ^sissippLt'great—to follow up the Brazilians will re-',everyamis armed with revolvers. Tbe ing wildly about in his native woods, waiting step further, and applaud whatever, in the cool cunnkg of their foes. Few of them avoid shows his nose in the City, and drag him off to bearing" which any one coidd desire. We|5>..»^ .I 1=4^the itspeech ot Lotejot is not to brand ak inconsistency, and create odiom curopeteni to teach him to respect its own Ca};,aad«DiUd'lw'M -r! _.Vvalways agree wilh that of;with that of others— especiallyapprisedof the fate thatawaits House has for its own adoptedtiiiiiiiii»il»j|gha XUfSV -'TBMTBK-OouaD Ba«>. MkE—LiTAtas—EraaraoDT's"Globe of the proceedings the bargain. hope my colleagueson eachpass through the disgustingmany unliappy strangers remedy.',:..|April 5 concerns us, not be- of Mr. Petor, or thedayprogress throughout... ^>p 1 1lIIn the a•lft'e^r^n^o"o';n cent The Federal and pallvay Bonds area:idStateStockaaleady.withmostcbauge and Money present no new aspect, either m ta |«biuM4 nth* ratpa or deiuaud. The supply of both continueswhen the deserve but has y it,.~short term of two yea^terdav, piices were weak, with a PC"'""pariythe House, Southern memtiers meet him ciselythesameoffence. ADemocratadmires hUr.fm•UOUk«MMI •««* jmf^rtoij-nnr, Ifraw aad Kif^^p^^^u^^'^'^f^ i!'e~f"kest7eatireoriu"dU;^",j;i;d^ on the strength, of it, in the miods of those nsagea—cne of which la not to alltide etther gnat naas of ttnit'^.Vt?' "P^ The impression made by that speech upon those who judge everything from its bearing upon to Senato^ or straogen by^iame ; and foreign not the Groton Bawd-iiqtr cmM^Mtr)I* vaMMMd maryears drawj,__byMr^Bow«^^ lonj^tem thedisheartening. When LovEJOT in hisof deeds theDem<icrat8,buthe is disgustedCoaeaxanoaaL Acthobitt.—SpeakerJl .tiiTM—Don PisaoAti.iT«a CacanUaaTaovn-Bice snd Wiii»ky were moderately The freight engsgements were lim-like a railroad train oa a fixed track Editor knows what view to take ofhowever, they pwd the Mayor the compliment Uon that thegf-JIUflIC— AtBOEN-IUTniu-I^everySpeakar-te^ ii«%^t sponsible Uu the i)tmimt.^'mtik/miL!SALOOK—eauaaCBauTT*s ttamtxa.Simplymunicipalcivilities.The £ime of ourIket-at a decline ofi®lgestnre/'and side."hisDX8I0K—Kzamnw or FAcmiros.antagonisms antagonismsCommonOF THE r>AY.who bears it.;other in thetheytemperIf thepeopleof thepublic money is used to sustain journals whichexampletn tempering the ferocity, or mdio^cliag |^ manners, ot the class who have epeeUMailbis attentions. Authority, promptly «! vigorously exercised, is what is ijii iim§ needed on the part of a presidiag officer, ft one member on tbe floor in debate so farVwkly t-tten Dab-order himindcpendericejournal which will lashandbad, that colleaguesa«age,jbr9aw-JfMmUHt» Dfujua.New.York Centralfrom the best price of y esierday.the market n-suinrd a firm tone agam ; Central,iiwhole^«^hrD«uui>-Ant » •<•«. mU W m-oyWt^of oBeiaQf a^<PriM.la itnwri. fi(• Ik* Psbltabtn ' Olt>."tt ikia BTcniac*'Niw-performed.That this is a difficult task, no one who hasTEiTi«i—Lucii BI'0<BDXi«— vteraroB aad tTOBinf—BaTiL 'nhat Onr—he hasparty, looomotive, and keep on the party plat-nidla day yesterday. Intlie ever visit WasbiogtonBut journals of this sort are missionaries of a special politicalto the Committee upon Territo-in presentiDg farther papers in took occasioB to arraign the—for partiality pointing to the~Ik-OoT. Wis* saserted ttiat be possessed«f die importance, and de- ' ' highestno pressure would he reveal it. VaMleauuned at iiis home undis-practically'loiChernaen,whoknewnothingof laterdays.beating upon advocates. The—her assailed, but because it la aa iasak.(aMin dragged from their homes,— theypointedor the myrmidoos of the <K, denied tiie right of the Sena- 'Ominittae, of whose proceed-of ourWashington, last effort athighmember that these tinfortunate men younghave fallen into their hands unawares, and letHt"' night,rused, will afibrd79»whensamedeeds, laidatthe doorofhisownmay him,be aidWillieit isofbisthe to ourandtbe Bonae, who hnldstbeadmirationand gf Imtfution3BT2!"^^93^9RP|MPM>TndlelfoT the jAibaiS, jUcfag <>><»—W**^*~^ "-"^ in IIIintI'ttingsbothtoBeeandhearinthefreateean-. piilyaiirthenuponVar«CHBrr'.one of the sofas toroffke Senate, wbMin»MwC«aunb>ioDen of Police drear lot" atat whom wilh whichone orthe was aimed, and the ejaculations partya cuff" they received it, are signs far hugely "other. A Republican enjoys ministersAlte^ miaday for «he "«»"*' '^""S'JT of rix wasI— and all brave men are reputed to be so hewill himself be the first to acknowledge thatconildetaaoihjPtbe" intermediate' term by Mr. Bskofii, whilejfell to Capt. Pii^bd«t. tTw*Ohm.«r«««atMl AttheeariysesriolroftheStockE«chnngeyes-excitement marehes out of when his own into the bodyreceives a " for slap" pre-in Missouris, 83. Ei- dCKcipiiuDS light supply.elselaunched ; the Committee at laat is forced to both alike. It must condemn what deserveseiliier|esfiy. lifsssctivitywasdiscernibleinFlour,Wheatand Com. Prices of Wheat and Com favored buy- err. A loir business was reported in Provisions. Coffee, Uolssaes and Linseed Oil were in good request. Sug^irs, Teas, Tobacco, Fish, Cotton, Tallow, Naval Stores, Hides snd Leather attracted less attention.thatblack-heartedscoundrelandnigger-thief plause,nomatterbywhatpartyeithermaybe"sought after. ited." Debate* hare echoes still another " a perjured villun ; heof a visit at theCity Hall, and thus revealedCoD(ites»ioiial Become-—The Lovejor Aflair.independent independent judgmentdeal of disorder bnitaliiy and violence and indecency are nothis hereas a kind of degradation by every gentlemanthat the4L AHT INSTITUTION—Exanmoa commission no longer carries with it decisive evidence of dignity and decorum, of moral re- finement and mental vigor, in favor of the manwitness athatdepicted,large number of distloguisbed strangersC«0(iwi. |tjy iB'—II«.aM-irHifiooc'>ruBGauut gressof those few, fewer faUl for the admission of Kan- sliil are ever, nnlncltily, lucky enough toas ahave already passed tlirough the hands of ourstrangers upon their floorsand beensubjected to onrmany may take onr word for it,readers, something like aand aiming only atcalendar and newsensation. Not that worse things have oecnpfed the remainder of not been sometimes said by one member toikiim floose, Mr. Coins, frooi (he Pa- 'OtMondttee, reported a biU on the 'rescning ofunbridledcountry which— aimtoperformthepartoijudges, notretain-" "them off with as few Institutions and as the House itself aeeims aidered to beintoeverycorner ofber that in no civilized country are gen^ forwithdrawal.which he is clothed with official aaAod|pTheprivateCt to insult, by positive action, theprinted,and do justice to all men and all acts of ail par- ties, for the welfare of the public at large.Snccessfol Reform.Theories of social and moral reform are of attention. A visit to such places should al-great;f aMrrelterBoarala de- ^ the to'ntterniost,popularBut few of us, comparatively,Council,institutions," and though the experience is;stumble upon a Congressional orgie of theof this scene, the Union handling of it.and even in constantly glideThe Lovejoj^ debate, then, if carefully pe-sort wereadingmorningtypicalpapers,characteristic because the most imconsciousiy- uttered traits of the Congressional nature, as it has developed itself so rapidly in these;They seek to pro-another wilhin theaiidwas cific thing wiiich can be found'in these depcess-also solemnly beg ot them to remem- insist its the trutli, to rebuke wrong, to applaud the right uponThe Mia atgaMPtiiata billa engrossed the rest of idg columns not l>ecan8e the debate has ac- our common Union. ;Uemanofrank orprofession taken to—one side of the;to be wished, bat not very likely to tie i realized. The most exemplii^that ever presided in a PailiaiiieBttuybly would find his of very OWe anj'Mts^(teMneot of all the paUenee, hofkeaty and jnaUoeorthviaiHl easy tuibiaretresentsach impartial josHoh,^ teittr.iridrAa manners, but the SeitafebfUir, street ttge^t^^f^»4th*UreK' "^"^*®"'^t''"*•***"•»«'*'»."Wchnmsttaak •pedfieactsofeithermaydeaerfw,* Kia 'ItisofoouaefartoalalBourover the mostbeenin- troduced to the friends of the Aldermen in the — City Hall, or has visited our leading nuisances under their guidance, is likely to-forgethis sen-than one Capitol any spe-forth from telegraphWashington alongthe ed by either side, anxious only to discover«l'lhehannleas,aiianpon the whole quired a certain factitious notoriety from the Independent Jonmalism.or noamnaing, qaarrel between consideration that one of its passages-at The Tribune in its new Prospectus declares_dFam« reach nsby telegraph. words was instantly followed by a passage-at- its"T"'* liad been uttered in the PsTOB made Mr. HiNi>itA.v, of Arkaa- of a hoMile message to Mr. Porrsa. s taf* delibentioo, Mr. Poma acceptednamiogpurposeRepublicanPiBBiBaTOH,is i Hefilspractical reforms are morerare. Someofthemostpromisingen- terprises of our day have been blighted by. theto bebawi».Juiivea as thecesspoolsmunlcipBlity,foreigner who its all the "dignified, Idnd and genttenualfweap- air in tberoam-nalism. If the Tribune will now go oneextravagances of their advocates,andtheand toseizedecentnotes, from wliich again an expectant countryhasbeen toseeahourly loolung passage-at-plentiful as blackberries:be on the partresult of a ofthevisitorhimself.arms grow up.ofFsTOK VirginiaThe circunstance that Mr.should even nowbeparty."in theFaToa declined these terms, pro- for a foe who is quietly waiting for him in action of theand inadmisaibte and as ;Magfatopen'"'*'oidinaiybehavior in publicisexceedingly New-Jeraey—whiefc fiustperjures himself every hour on this floor."anwill hold actofeitherpartyCongrettionaiMTU Saw a WoHaa—KutHU of Mr. Lovcjot's oration "Should I go into Virginia to speak as Ihave this week toordeal to which sohave already been subjected. AldermenDasbaoh, StjlBB, Baolxt, Hurt aad ornamental of teWe publish to-day, in foil, the record fromAy," repeats a third, Ihe must makeup'.Upon thU theory 'tto' fljluifii Wi||[|i|^|pKthenBATIti^laxpuosTU—'WuLAci which look place in the House of Represeota-of the acta member from tliat lie will make mistakes. His judgment will Torture,Srtas neither active duties nor ^eeulpovdS^ Bii Brazilians have noipart of bis business to prsaert* mtltf^ mm1^and theWARKKOOKA—ClusioAl Soiasts. record is, and reiiulsive to every man who:—iitanaiia—I.ABT or LTom upon Slaveryand its fruits,Inua ExHUiTios.'—Kasi^ or Kiso SoLoaoa's tatnt.men. He must whether therefore, to be censured and perhaps de-HALL—Ham KiasraHS. II.—««. Tom Tama.«•tives on the occasioo—RcssELL have beenand these ill-fatedit is more than worth yetalmost a duty, for every good citi- We know, all of us, in a gene- SALLEBY—SxBiBiTioa 01 PauTisaB. ral way, that the halls of the National Con-from both sides at once. This Is one of the is, that they are probably the last, or almostrepresentatives,—zen to read it.—it> he must not undertake the duty.last, foreign officials who will be subjectedas masthave U Ihey Teeatved,aAs dlgaMi^t^practiceaproposof polygamy. Long as thisss Haman,"bate" goes on to the end.respccis tbe American name, and would gladly still repobe some hope for his country's future in the character and conduct of his country's.Iitare certainly peculiarly entitled to lidmloistered to certain mis- the benefit of them. If WmvAU. is candid—caiisIMwith gesture forback "to hi* ownHouse falls into a maelstrom ofthetheand no applause for tbe same treatment of tbeshould take some st«ps to mend it, eitlier by stop^g his grog orotherwise.Uore,He shall not huUy us," cries an] other. LovuoT resumes at last. He avows bis respect for the Constitution. "No, Sir!" shouts anatber member; "you stand there,common propriety, witleb; are'.to-day, an infamaus, perjured villiain." —Tes,'question form. Anonlydragged bythe'l(f^, tormentors. From that cannot anticipate a bf^Kft'tC^tlWaiHtapMof Utah think," says Lovbjoy"appointedhighrejoinslie to make tilings, generally pleasant, public interest, "' "i Mr. FaTOB uutead of leaving it to Congressional scurrility, and is more tragic fairly upon the platform of independent principle" sometimes overloolis the actual him dive into the ash barrel.cency in their conduct upon the floor, as U iaI obUgiog oSer which the antagon- had ttte aeu.denial to decUae. Mr. inMOmed-bia seat in the House yesterday.than the unappeased wrath of a cohort of dis-and the possible.At the outset of the enterpriseIiis— — authorityand as he has the officialaad the Adoer-opioioa.1Its ordlnsry course is tobestow acuff here and a^J^;.J^aII' ^O""' o° behalf of the rf^ T^H o* B'az'lians to the ftee-<podfraise and M*me to eiiktr parti,mpartionsespecially if itisused mainly for light vehi-will ateiing little viilagB, ;,,-A] papers, istili inan Tara Cruz to April 1 reach us fromBge of that dty had suffered a loss of tM 6,000 men constituting his effec- wUJe the loss of the Liberals was in- Much excitement existed at the oot of the seizure of Mabim's War wilh the United States was pro-ofsuch,ytiaiogStood at Sir Richaiu SraAHAS.oughtconvictions to which he wouldcharge,Virginia,possibilitymaintainingVery commendable progress is making in theMeLaaa arrived at Vera Cruz on the ever,—tured, and one pamphlet after another has un- folded the principles of action of that Commiti^JHie eonimand of the troops. ^ytft^Htfl ft Charleston brings Havana inteili- ^~.tc.A|>iil 10. The market for sugars and._AI FoTto Bieo by a telegraphic wirewedonotknow—we how- himtheproprietyofkeepingthemtoiiimaelf trust,aaqniK.projectfor St. connecting"TiTgir**'""* exerted itself yesterday to brains at tenwith awith a knife in a hand-to-handworksseriously interrupt commenced.bill was beforetlnriiig the morning' session. The !-^ piecespacespistol,andclashingalreadyTheSaNeat bill was reccnsidered, and, with amendwas finally passed. The bill abolish- the New-Yortt Almshouse Department, and Difeif a Board of Public Charities, was alsodiscussion.J porpose.Supplyto encounter.political truths" andbeenas ofrection of the abuses of the Civil Sabbath—weagive very full state-to get up and conununicate them to the try in the Committee ofthe Whole, there \d, and ordered to a third reading.Itswill,It will l>e seen that adinary eloquence,ormay perhaps( to 'Theg in. tbe Senate Bailioad bill, andperils LoTKjoTPotike, butopinions photographserrors, blunders,paved.verybe excused if tie aboutitnowandthenootbe'-aoticipated.Assembly againthenews-ciying, dram-selling, ploy-going and likebletraordinaryforce,tConferenceCommittee,suchCom- wholeBousetowhichtheybelong ';shows uswouldbringto theonset,ifitof season, but we are so famiUar with it in the mended their enterprise to the respect of the hard stone. The Fifth, Sixth and Eight avenues two characters of a crime before God aadJ were passed:perfect;by its opponents. MoneyJournali&m.duelists.Pkyor resemble those of the English com- denied tbeCub Stbeet Patemests—Bblgiak axd Cob- the better observance of Sunday, we appre- ble Stones One Smooth Ave.vce Nkbded.duly,powerappointedThe sorrows ofMr.topromoteWe seemanders before Walcheren, when, as we are We Isam that Miaanoa before he told.hended a" repetition of the mistakes of 1832 ingood faith, editing a no-party paper compels the same cause, and of many other good ob- very importantwdsy9aaroatofsevendelegateatowhich Legislature. Thehappinessandhonorofthou-messages, and it is onr doty to bear themmace is entitled in the Creneral Confer- sands of iiviog men and women, and of thou-.c'feosen; and of the four, three were sands more still to be, is at stake in these The remainder will be chosen to-questions. Circumstances have made them,raBDoncement that Hon. Joaa Shsbmak, too, immediate and imperative. Doubtless weroad bills, the Health bill, the bill for places of temptation to Onmkenness and crime nicipal growth and the experience we havea<d dett*«r sn address before the_ BepobHcan Union Club, at Cooper ftM wesiag, drew to that iiall a very la^iar of p#ople. Mr. Sbcbmajt was re-shall see all other matters laid aside to deal with these.ment and common justice ?;on that day of one-fourth above tbe average of be cheaper for the City in the end, and wouldneedednection of cause and effect, when six months' new pavement is required. And there is resignedpublic censnre of their action in declin&ig te ImaeNot at all. Mr. Lovejoy, of nUnois, has a i'wAh sheets when he appeared, and during harden on bis soul which he must unload atits enactment would " cover with odium" theparty passing it. The Madison-square abomi-nation it half approved, by excusing the votestheir offices, in of his asMlB coosqnencetMheiyef his addrsis, which occupied twohMRs'ttase, the intoeac manlfssied by the aadi- once. Polygamy and Slavery, says Mr. Love-ew^ at its commencement continued tmabated. are "twin relics of barbarismwhile we Icured a diminution of Sunday arrests fully orj«- on the street would not cheeriuliy erty-owners—e same bear a portion of the expense for the s^e of ha)f by closing the dram-shops, at thtime largely abating week-day crime while substituting this for tbe cobble-stone.favor of a dissolution of tlia Union. Tkey sap-Ireform successfully, without bluster or parade.And so long as they conduct their enterprise comfortable, and thus prevent that overcrowd- pro—rejecM. Tlie most wasprobablybe filled witfaoot any difficulty.take them into the Territories and.. I as slaves, and that his right to do a man who—in behalf of the Sunday ob-large twoprotected by tbe Judicial, Legislative and seasons everythingforwould notof amount ridingto thePark,and (dd-faditoed which fre- shniles,minchig about all parlies and their acts. The Tribune thus characterizes the mannerrender it more rapid as well as more Are the terms synonymous, or isnt4MBtlv set the andtaiee faia roar. It #as U ture to be inflicted upon them that ;oclock wtien theSJS^* V • v' *°' ^*'^- Basks, who was in theperlyYork," as Mr. CobWIN callsto-day on his trip to (*— probably visit the powe^2spectrightsto that they areisconstrainedtown as it now is below the"..'fortiearance which haveguidedmaytbem Uth- be sure ofPark. There is no difficulty in making such a ro—adfaiot,Tliere were hall, but refiued to come forward.Toran^ andtbeSabbathCommittee'andience sepsraled.the Committees of the Boards of Councilmen visited the BrazUian Z^a^ w' "'"'='1 " •' anchor off the;greattta^;i.'Jl''r- S--?"-thanked them fbr the o„TM°i-'''' ^'^'P- while' heifSkkatoeial Gauchibies.—The Senate ought, cles,— proper painsantfuMdispositiondtbiMu^t by Mr. ACGCSTCS MATanioK and he voids them like a disease. Nothing scription wldph impairs its force. An inde- pades are fast ceasing to be. even amuaiofi fioet, and properly oarad for, would last as.- —Lf" compUmcntspaij himselfthing straightThese matters are on Lovejoy's conscience,and conrictlons on the main points at issue." Thereisatouchofcaricatureinthisde-jb'tt^h.aveiilW BaUroad Company fo^'could be less less rational, less conciliatory,pendent journal must undoubtedly "deal outHis last was a and tolerably vulgar al- personallong as any paveqi|p^sade9atbnt little more.Ijm^riMit: oWfStnwve of the carel'esa- [aeaadQ<;tar,-.ww fiKteladed yesterday in—er praise and blame to eithIjoxi. Lyons by name, as eonren^ beatow a tvUh tk« Bepablican Flatfom^" nm^aijib:We do not see tto)ettherBraadwaj or tha •4t ,leftj^joy,;"Sir RioBAas, longing to be at 'em,S'ood looklOE at the Eail of Chathahto " mince truths put forth, and to re-jects and hence we were slow in giving our and repairing the pavements where new ones report tells us, "gave his views of Siaveiy,Tbe Earl on fire, with sword half-drawn.to beconfidence to the Sabbath Committee, notwith-—which has tbe matter in seems to have God and man a blighting, withering cniae tathat Like Sir BicaASO and Lord Cbathah, how- pressThe debate cause of theof perplexitiestheks well City,—as theappdnted. In the Assembly, the what sort of things Ihey are which the orderhiU was ordered to a thirdreading. an amend-Icommunity of all classes and creeds, to with a num- Forty-second-street, togetherof that House will endureto the Constitution, abolishing prjperty 01 long-continued outrage upon every propri-Tofor negroes to establish the fire ety, ;orderlyinthe ConnecticutandRhode andtothecooperationofthePress,ofallparties. berofthecrossstreetsintheupperpartofthe"man," and a blightiiig, witliefing ovne,"LOf the Eastern District of Brooklyn. TheVote bill was human conduct, its rules will permit, and itsIsland elections;,t>eenEograviag reported adversely.ThaQofslilor transmitted to the Senate at the members smile upon. Tbe House is in theBvming Session bis veto of the West Washington Committee of the Whole upon the State of theMatbtandDemocrats are concernednotofonly legislative life,but of decentthe fact hashavingtheBelgian pavementof Mr.or the because itof Mr.considera- of the new pavement is to be of the Belgian style, or with square blocks ofpart Ihe Methodist Episcopal Conference took up preciselybill. It was laid on the uble.—received equal castiga- cess of the Sunday reform may be attributedTariff bill, isIt said — is.wlpiday morning, as the special order lor the character and hopes of at least one American<i/mt§jgfm>ioa ol discipUne involving the religious Territory, is before it for discussion. Surely,aHHnfaT npects o> Slavery. It was earnestly the question of Utah and of the social institu- Ihioaghoat the nioming and afternoonhat hss not yet been decided. The tone tions of Utah is important enough, both as awas, on the whole, conservative. question of principle and as a question of pol-report and notorietyConfereoce, at Stamford, was also en- toin the discussion of the icy, SlaveryRepublicans majoritybranches of our State Legislature, and are ness and moderation with which they have greatly to be regretted that the use of this pave- author. This is ponislung tbe people for th^thus responsible, fully and directly, for its ac- been pressed. They have demanded only ment bad not been made universal. There never like with a vengeance. In his Presidential;own hemence which itand ve-— Committeehavecom- Sunday wrongs theproportionloolLiogstanding its highly respectable composition.utterance." The Tribune coafounds in- But as one measure after another was ma- entered upon duty energygivePrtor, in his attitude of expectancy, andupon the glittering bowie-knife of his very in- elegant and inconsiderate antagonist, who does not understand the delicate dbtinctions which exist betweenthe withmination, and the coming Summer will doubt-on its in the surface,"Committee of the WhileMr.«. DcooiXaOO had gone to Tampico is comparatively safe safer, certainly, thanUnion, and a very important bill, involving the have—certainly aUsceUaaeoaa.aview to an understanding of the issues in-dbl the coming Presidential contest, he laid are strangling one let us not forget the other. of the Senators from the rural dis-jsure, what he defamed tbe proposi- And therewith the honorable member sets tricts, on the ground that they " ac- ^Bamea'had some discretion as to tiia dte- posal of tbe church, inasmuch aa it had ta«<r much needed in been understood to be at the service of everybo^by the Democratic Party, as a about "ka political creed, which the Bepub- LovKJOT is evidently a man of the Covenant-vindicating the morality of the Sabbath andWas — proving that intemperance and vice follow in this —and that is, at least one hard, who chose to apply /or it. Their {daeasaApaying prominent "from the suppression; >lua tliat every citizen owning ing type awitness of the word ;"" "mincing—The Washington Stotes speaks ofI-branches of the Government. That holds to be the truth; and who will 'ibtican Party denies, and insists » creature of local law, depend- tbe law of the State in which itspeakthat truth as he sees it, in season and against these hateful and if the perusal of a document entitled The Prog- I unjust measures,''.fi'm slave escape he may be re- "bath Committee and their results.We wiU notof pi^es, as well as more humblewith some 01 her journal.Rot one dollar of the lobby-fund," ever foandqpopbisto Mr. I Slavery."ceded to colleaguesBut there not here City,is onegenuinesomeofof truths," which antfipj ^^ aa a journal which, may be ttmmatmm^^irespectswish of theircares nothingforwhattimes hepublicatyears" itout of season. He has it upon his conscienceIthe Democrats had been the party responsible ress of the Sabbath Reform, which gives are- upon the Avenue des Champs Elysce in Paris, imagination instead of its memory;it either in-" neither Christianity nor civilization ;" thatmuch suchthat a journal becomes free to tell tive pages. It fiirbishes an admirable illustra- pleted. A macadamized road from Union- Pott, the Providence Post, and Undrad:^"citizens to itsthey are drifting back into barbarism ;" thatorder-lovingfOUa^ ^lAoapoke ibr Bore than half they suffer every kind of crime to be perpe-_ whoM iddnsa was fall of quaint trated by their slaves, andeverysort of tor-theortruth,frankly and fully, withouthave no free speech in their own homes, and no re-riding,upon the same principles of moderation and ing of the street which is certain to be asin His Providence, and must look for the curse which jEnmsoN foresaw and trembled •". .r«P!r, at. If they do not haaten to make tliis crookedmat nice OMpotMlt, and leaving each reader ai puzzled as may b« with regard to tbe editor's real seattinentsway, at WasUngton.J^ ft^jvviSe, less patriotic, or more insulting and use-IgfCganaonPlaaa .Ttiejaryiendered.a less, than his speech. But with aM its fierbe either may be deserved;party,"—just nmstaslusion to%i^^Untitled Documentof their' •- --^-cfor theuse that privilege of freemenfighting against the stars in their courses andin which an independent journal to act:what extremitieswas used notoriouslythe undivided attention of the engage tion.Does "nottheTribune mince"thisfact,justoughtto be another rod of cobble-stonepave-they fellow-citizenssuppression,understood at the Sooth? FebsandoWood, "myLord];withhe might have been, had he thrown himself It is one thing to say nothing of either party,blowingout your brother-man'srightthe for the present. If all members of Congraaa who have commonplace " views" to state warej,the8£Dcaiice movement. ifrom this time we shall' iiave anYet afewto do.tiser's reply to induce us to change thisground.the Journalist, in itsworkofrepavingthestreets,AWasteofEloquence. Mr.Dawxs,theButsofaras pressing"mincing preeminently"sup-to do to the civil and religious aspectsstreet work thatment of the is in activeparty journalistboth? Even the TriJuTjecompelledbothby partiesthat the occasions arewhich its exhibition in either of them, wUtMk any accessories, affords mnoh exeitanMk. The Committee of theon theof theof which weaccorded to a reforming body.The unusual, perhaps luprecedented, suc-borne by the property- owners upon these streets.In view of its durability, its smoothness andWhole, consideriof not one of them.justly— ;Republicans,the same evidence common"particularhis ownI* (lii f!^i[!;«l(|i ''HJUl' -''^jife.-men of this stamp and in this spirit ?to sit still in the presence of such a scene aspenaltiesposition:imwillingpaybeaito( vpapaatar mtin the hall. Thean arena are not theof such profession, instead ot Politics with journalismof merely as a means of political success. Tbe "'icontagion day pours wires of theevery-little dirty-hand shaking as possible. Wedays agothe TribunenothinginEven when the task is in attempted—are not required. The Crotoa Aqueduct Board, pronouncing it to be a sin and a crime beCsrethe land on which it rests and thoae who walkopinion, squarely;dependenceand quite another to say everytlting, that is tee,impartiality,neutrality.on the State of the Union onThe latter is the duty of an independent political journalist;tbem our as hearty support,manifestlysuitedticular.say novelty ou^tjust and merited, of all parties.wantofsuggestedThe chargesRepublicansand a negro-thief Intono parley with a perjured negro-thief." ifiind upon the merits of each case, and with-outWe'd hang you aschivalrous State. And in this strain the " de- not always be correct and still less will it probably byNow weSouth as well as at the North, toit is possible that a Government like ours can nounced,partyexpect,sane man, at the saylong continue to exist, being administered byputit toeverytheybadcastanchorinsomeotherport and ;from all sides at and often our only consolation, under the circumstances, times,musthave been feltAndyetweRelievethatthisisthetrueposi-tion for a journalist to take, if Jtwrno/tmiishisof one who either caresoperationsthat it will notthe former is thenothing (or politics, or does not choose to makehis tbe vehicle of journalnot denounce faults and crimes committedwith the sameby itswere denouncing the same offences perpetratedparty,vigorletshistongue wagblazoned branded by the Tribune so far as thehas similar actionte'that Mr. BucHAJiAn, whMfc he«gladlyand deter-regardbearingsapou-hasanabundanceofare the hates of rival fac- party supports its newspapers, and even theof systems thoughtcoimtrypartyorgans. Every —statesmenand actiontions at an Irish fair.North and of the South felt towards each support the party that happens to have theupholdinghostilenot such as modest men care to recount, wemay tbe ofthe lairiy presume greater portiondetails have leaked out. New-York will con- sequently soon be as much shunned by for- eigners, whose standing is likely to bring— tbe Comjnon Council dowa upon them, as Cairo—No sort of intercourse, public or private, can creed. They do not aim at independence,ofwould have ceased alreadyparty tracts,that is not their province.to exist.take place between people who cannot pre- serve towards each other even the common formsofdecency. Andiftherebeindeedleftthe least leaven of love ofor of national pride, of honor and of character, - among the representatives of the people atnot its inherent justice and propriety,but itswdw, offhii||-of country, personalsations.We sincerely trust that the Committee ap- thet, not because it is anolBiBoe to ftiB;of abent, according tensliets, especially if tkeyparty, to resent, as a peiwiadi thing thatmeotto have tbe Newark hospitaUiiesoltheCity Inflictedupon remarksconcerninghisMnniclpalrise. Tbe Speaker takes the Chair. " Order condemnation, and applaud what deserves ap- corvette. Donna Isabel, are about;threats are Vet an must treat handled about, epithets party. independent journal(>(The unfortunate officers of the Brazilian This will account for tke aertd toit^^to take his seat," cries one member from Mis-"These gentlemen remained, we be-tried it needs to be told. A party journal is attracting the notice of the Common Council cmringin tbe Hmdai wUigk is <:.SaMttheir "enfure compliance with the roles wtdok Oebands andthem. We slncei^Iy wish, for their sakes, that He is to set the rowdy membea of CongiMa »to theipere party interests, on either side. Of coursesp^ndagemote the success of theirtest of any act or any measure with them is,newspapers time that those in whom are merely retained advocates, arguing onlyit isit stirs should rouse themselves to make oneto " show its faith inprincifdes by a free and fearless criticism ofMr.hiswe still duty in this particalar."tUi^the errors and blundersits ownaffords agentleman," and in his own demeanorofThis is one step towards independence in jour-ablylofty taamfte)the passion,from thevictory.parliameataiyaa^ iariaBdeserve the extremes of fanatiscism on the one side, inspect them, is a piece of attention very like have said him in eitkar a nothing againstfJH Bsay he mentianed, in the exuberance goes deeper than a measurement of average ance to the it will stand is attainable ; and zealous devotion to his coal cellar and his scullery, and make bers to observe the rules of proptie^ aad da-Washington, is certainly piquant enough. Butopposite party, may applause, and perform- both these tiinctions—particulars : our sole allegatiott is tkator of a frigid conservatism on the other. TheCoL I/aSDKa, the second of Mr. the intrinsic interest of the Lovejoy ilebate with fairness, candor, and with sole refer- eager rush for the desirable often hazards what guest off the minute he entered his house to he does not preserve order, nor compel meat-npon them, tbe correspood-thatof aprivatehost who wouldhurryliistheseifgeatleiBaalrttmt M«^«xa^plMfc*4»the party(-"-and grandthe of which they are the partyuponbulk of oura^- Ike House, a flagrant breach of its n^tlr aiad Aquestion,We need some, certainly, that shallviolation of lav :——forgetsit is theposition Speaker's datyto eail hJm la— ;or of our its anyautboriUes. In an evil hour, his controi. Xbe AitntrSaet'toot tb»]" thetbem.lieve, for several days in the harbor withoutHo^taUties.to be£ditor must exer<xse moment they were doomed, and they will of any member, and when one diw'—in'ijillta'theirpresenceto theira Committee of this time been delivered into tofa" hospitalities" is fastspreadiog over the globe, Ished gentlnnao, made man.lmtf—4^ ts.fig»,tain the who has ever plague. Nobodyanylaaar houses, lunatic asyhima, aad syphilitic nity of the House, and reserve < hospitals, as a matter of course and as an act priety in debate.waysthe sewers andspecial application These areof ain)heless witness a very great improvement in tbewe have been constrained to accord to condition of our thoroughfares in this par- His " views " are very likely coiiaet ; ,Wiiat effect the new appointment of to promote tbe public peace and morals, and President of the Board may have upon itsbut we mustthat to havetheir ottertaas striking at the root of some of our grossest immoralities. The difficulties of a complica- ever, tedquestionseemtohavebeenmastered,and desirablethe prejudices connected with it have convictions" are concerned, is not the substanliaily overcome. By discriminatingIn another' columnof therest, and directing their e fforts solely to the cor-- streets which are under contract to be re-Coogreea. Any- argue against it with ex-patience under the assaults of inter- City,ested parties has secured for them and their laid down throughout their whole extent Aexeeedinj^raceaaAnd theirobject a measure of popular sympathy rarely large portion of the expense, however, istiun at its bands? So with other matters. in no small degree to the caution with which convenience, and the comparative ease withTbe have the in both the issues have been chosen, and to the firm- which it can be swept and kept in repafar, it Is leaves off being President, intends toand feasible, and what right-city, Mr. B. has a perfsct tight to flood na withwhat wasand"suppress"somethingofits"convictions" mindedcitizenswereconstrainedto support. mentlaidin this City. Itisastyleofpave- tiently. Inhisprivatecapacityhewill,of<when discussing their action on the Rail- The monstrous wrong of opening thousands of ment suited only to the earliest stages of mu- liave a right to inflict a book npon the pnbfie. Batshould He? I', is bad enough to be athe City Hall to Madison-square, and other on the only leisure day for the working classes had of it here ought certainly to be a warning President, but to become a poor author will ba measures equally obnoxious to public senti- and tbe consequent increase of police arrests against ever employing it hereafter—. It would worse. We trust the President will think better ofthe unanimousCity."convictions" something verythe wake of its profanation, served to enlist smooth avenue to the Central Park. Withinindependent have found necessary ? Did tbe Tribune says all it would have saidandconception. Those who have stood intimated in any quarter. Tlis Slatta dnsrs en itajournaldrivingtaking a position of entirenot of principle, but of mere party interest and payingwitnessed have veryby feeling,—independence,andcallingIsland a Dema<rrat!c victory, while the."slap there, a pat here and a tap there, dialing outerto,the public confidence, and of growing useful- ness.^it"removingpoorare nowwhytill—s deteimination.We are inlormed on reliable authority that two of the trustees of Hr. BssOHxa'a choxch.haiaeffort of the police, under Gen. Pilsbuet, se- scarcely any part of the City where the prop- the church to Wudill PuLurs for a lecture into neces- beindorsed by the Tribune, oa the ground that sitate a remedy. And the demonstrated con- put down the Belgian pavement wherever anyThe defeat of the Health biQ Is halftheweek,onlyto beexposedinfinitelybetter ineveryother to respect,ofThis train of remark has been suggested by which ^o one -at present can form any ade- This is the first time we ever haaid s"«iAaI'm jmisdictioa of the State, ex- to declare Slavery the " sum of all villainies ;" lor them ? A''recognized party journal owes sume of the movements of the New-Tork Sai)- from 3 o'clock in the afternoon, and watched vents the slander or else it eonloanda tlie TiXMto liken theDemocratic Party to' the fivesensibilities, h do not affectand it is — onlysplendid equi- coaches andto the Bois de Boulogne,";to jiowes, be believed thenld IsvQr HomesteEid Exemp- points oj hell ;" to show Southern men that in regard to its own party wluc—free-wool, or any otherj'UPi)«Af-the best Une, a mod- while they hold slaves they can possess it in regard to its opponentseven anand instructive pamphlet, but content our- selves vdHi directing the attention of tax-taiifLfuA placing the mails in^Mntt MteiotiM, subject to ««ptKri. H«\w!M Mowed by Ex-Ija scene as when tlie Park is com-(S.C.,)certain duties, and has certainthe hundreds and thousands.-insists the lesult of the recent election inattemptanalysisof thiswell-prepareditawayinto ourticipated largely in the free-wodl quate —their hacks, on way— ^Theezctiequer. Charleston Netos,sugges- will be exhibited heretion of the practicability of carrying on a great square to the Park would greatly facilitate this in tliis region, say it is only anare taken with the foun- for its own sake, to make some Constitutional dation. A road constructed like those withinofWiovall,ofTexas,whoseescar 4iBPark,withadeepbedbelowXbereachofupquite as solid and durable as a pavement,Advertuirto tbe violations of fuiiumittififor the House and not 'good example."render such men couiteoaa, aher such aa silaiIf aDVtklnK," says fbe .Aiptrtitar. " caan^ llwtheThis, certainly, is' cdBSamaiaflOByoungrowdiesproit byIthisas to callanother a Uai,—andto insist awittdrawalin the tliat he matter is,may protsetttadlf-tebody who can denounce Slavery with eztraoF-verylittle business done intliat posed theyBoivstyVBflf] the 3#^ give metn>politaiif|i|9.f'intend^of aTliniidij Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^vliwww.fultonhistory.com 