 'TOL. EX—NO. 2704.PKICE TWO CENTS. TRANSATEAMTIC NEWS. land ar:dCaloatla; la III7 Capt Hau wm eleetad aimVTTHEPR0CEEDDI«8.CAPITAL.griECBIS or BON. HAinilBAL' HAXLnr, miPITBLI-There is great rejoicing among the BepnbUcans here, and they fired one himdred guns for the nomlnaT Uon of Lqiooui and Hanoi.DILAWABI.'Wiuiniema, Del., Sunday, May 20.fmS iBBlTlL 0F TU iMUlflC. TBI AIfiI04l»0I AT MTHB POIIT,Scinti ii ud about tkeCity.12''5',*^P*"'*"' »"d dismpion of tbe RepubllcaBprloelples and Party, and oae who by tira foree of Us^«f^2*''wt'*.J"" "/ unaided exertions, baaJ^iJEllS^*" •" *•? P"">* Proinlnenco he to day oe-cuplestotheoyrsoftbiana-lonandthe world. Ha THEFIGHTFORTHECBiHrflONSHIP at thetiagetohli itanaade t* Mr. Hamlin in Washington— Hia Speech in Acknowledgment.Toiee «f the People and the Press i&the Horfli.Tiom Our Own OorT«»poaa»Bt. Cmcioo, Fricl«y,.M»y 18, I860.bandred were fired in this city yes- gunswaa attasbad gradnally rrirfi wor»e, withfatalresults ThaRlimHaa.Tim* fliea quickly, and"-wi»e men work with which was•• BOlio before tbun tbat " Time Is money." This At 93< o'clock thehas been pretmlnenily the c»»e with the Conventfbn hotel, and was greeted with three lusty cheers. AfteroouratChicago. Greatentbuaiasmprevails. OPINIONS OF THB PRESS,wkeFeheia best known, ia juat tlw man that thia sorely swindled and disgraced nation aeeda for Preai- deat. Be is a man of stalaleaa purity—bia whale 11% ia asspotlessaatbedrivensnow. Heia noMt Faiijfssthat the deed la dose ;—that on the third baUot Seifktor Hamuit, who has been*'nomlnaied at thea:joatbe CosTentlon determined to place the standard of tte party in the hands ef Asaui Liacoui.but tpesistibly towards aim. •all The dcTalopmeuu of last night showed that the know how well he will bear that standard. He haslast,poslUon. Thc^lSciiasftlaads of BiirAaa were devoted to blm and Hb Inter-cats, and (hat they would stick to him so long as there years,feeling, should not rally to liu support.wastkefaintesthopeofsuccessofTietory. ThcsiowWeicsaidhe wasMr. Jobs, 0/ Chicago, begged leave to suggest the , namfe of Abiah Lncoix, of Illinois.patiiotlc citizens. Thus the great vlctorv may be have frequent cccsBlon to mention between this data notwithstanding the recommendations of variousThe Liverpool AIMon says : •• Tbe Priaee aa Jota-riixx'sailed ih the Ettropa forBos'on, Satnrdar, the came of Fsascois d'Aec."" :itlmeInscriptionis68,000." y Up to the 2Sth of April, the injury to the Red Sea telegraph cable had not been repaired, and cooae- quently telegraphic communlcatiaB between AdeaIf Mr. SswAan'sn'ame drew forth thunders of ap plapte, what can be s^ld of the enthusiastic recep- noB of this nsme 7 I hsve never seen anything—see is a positive man a live man—and In these re-lovers of theart,botb men—btit moreeipecially That thisaader.The leaders were veryate, aa hi»M«bn«, and he will have the wMiei Cape of good she cBcountered a constant enectsilon ofcberter. Rlpon, >nd Sodor and Man. Tbe la'a Arch-bishopmarrled, 12 b December. IS39, he Hon. Catbi-ai>s, yoDBgest daugh^rof the late Irfirds WAn»'^labcd,theyadjourned. ThismorningtheWjgi^^ thisoccasionoutset, and as in 1844 and in iSSZ the DemocraticParty did tbe same thing, and elected men who werenot the most before the havperoImnitnheinstilnystance takenpeople, tbe Re-publicans up jnen freshvictory waswesterly winds,Euetad of our columns with Ltihnechoelanr,foefstIllinois, at the The steamship Anglo Saxon, from Liverpool the"nowMr. HAULin then came forward, amidst great cheer-all i^ drllized world in hit efforts to put the gov- strong ernment on tbe policy of Its earliest statesmen. We wltb head sea.Idiich com;a!ed with it.JaaBT Lias or Gaisi or La Gsasoi re-aelved at Ca>Ue Garden or the Academy Republican principles, but as identified with the la-will feel this re- aggrieved bytureofthe Is Emperor for Nicer«erd. Ten thousand were In the peoplethat tae should be the nominee of the Con- Chicagotriumph did not dare to assume Mr. Sswaxd, and the them, ana develop opposition—organized aod coosoli-i 'of the Adiviaien,After this scene was concluded, the names of othergSBt'emen wtre mentioned, and received with some to send it out distant and tofidelity unquestioned,SWPiaoie, bttt all was cold when compared with th%t'waicagieetcdthenamesofthoseabove. Taeba'lot-Jag, as tclrgrapbed, was then commenced. At the ii'e and energy into all the productive and industrialoppositien to a sectional and corrupt Let Democracy.that support be given heartily. Go at ooce to work for them, and they and their principles sh^U triumph.licancause,in htsdivorceamensaeltkorodose of the second It was evident that tometliing was in the wind not known to outsiders generally.1 wandered on towards theQuietly PennsylvaniaOur ovmbeft ezn-tion gkxiU beself the path to eminence and usefulnesa. From the Cyncord Statesman.The Convention, in luklag choice of the konora-ble gestleman, would doubtless say tbat in him givingtbe prefereaee over the other emiaent men whosethat tiw fight should take place outatde ofgestcd but wtiettter Saiias wui to tnis I9- nglandi agrvmalas to be ptoved. A day has been named, but, aa by the articles, the men are tround to fight in Eug-There "" feat fnrAas." Unite on Lmoouc." '^Perhaps getdelegation. "I heard, Drop Caksboh,"De-dMisBiaDia or Hiatus as Vice." I heardnames were under consideration. It is not " thaienougii vrai rail t XDC in saving to a distiogalstied member of 'Ch^agotion for Pretid en t the candidate of theirthey ;** for had that preat and patriotic body convened to choose a Presi- dent instead of nominate a candidate, faur-fiftba of tbeir bal'ots would, without doubt, have been eastw^ nrmlhated and Sewasd, like Calhocn,"it in courf e of uUimat*; extinction.fess, and a vote should come up on a question whether Slavery should be prohibited in a new Ttrritory, in spite Of' the Dred Scott decisim, I would vote that it ihould."scalefiitging tbe Ara-l.iscoi.11like Clat. and like WiB!,Txa, was slaughtered IntJie >tkls coufeceracy. The vailous States chaoKcd their TOtes so that with the exception of New-York all oted'for LiacoLs. Mr. Evasts claimed the floor. Mounting a table, with grief manifest In his counts-nerve quivering with excitement, he deiiv«.redone of ttbc most Interesting and able speeches i have ever beaidfromhimoranyoneelse. Ashefeeilngiyand alTceiionstel; described his friend and leader, detail- Jag bls'eSbiU in the cause of tne Republican Party, aau claiming for him that credit which la no eminently thel doe of Mr. Sbwasd. the spectator ccu'd not fail to be impressed with the idea that a man who could have such a frleiid must be a noble man tnut ed, anQ that ibis token of unswerving devotinn tothethe great principles which wc have united to sustain ard advance. 'That done, our Government will re- main apresentmonths since the factory has been In operatioa 48 con:plete batteries of field artillery have been turned out and equipped for service, as weU ss 200 40- poundcra for naval us^, besides a^ large number ofca'ried, ard af'er some delay the Cbalr anaounred nated by the fathers, is one of peace and liberty•was tl:e choice of the Ccnvention for theirfbrtheqffice of President ol the United States of*: right,Asaetica.I have described onecompetitor. DEMOCRATIC VIEWS.remarks,are made at Toulon and Mar- Preparations beingSCESS OF APPLATTSK,and cannot describe another. It was like the first, 'couiee of uliimate extinctionAN ABHINISTRATIOH ISTIIIATI. From tke Albany Atlas and Argus.stivsnia Delegation arc round tiie corner," and tne pialiUsoflliinnlswitri thecomes, perhaps,is sure, and must be known fo tbe Baltimore Conven- tion, and that is, that with Docolas they can"Pittsbuigh hand strlkts up li^ii Colombia," afterfires of enthusiasm. Ur. Tsumbull thenployed agalnatexplained, would Tacaiow Wzin and bisgrateful thanks, arid I trust, to whatever period Provi- and »candidate^and the Interests of the country.civic honors arenot always, awarded to>^ven for hope.their9ucce*t,\'.spectsplatform,bold,appearfighting again.in the UnitedTbe Kates Paris correspondent saye,admirers"but feebly aad not with much spirit, that Abeam Lincoln that this Democratic Party now in pewer has beendisappointment EigLla of ){olllical promotion, and that In our countryTbe conespondeat at the Morning Past saysA ati;her for some other man, and tias heard that a citizen ol Kentucky, born on her soil, a pioaeer of the West-arrest tbe further spread of it, and place It where the public mind shall rest ki the belief that it is in thethat the men should shake hands aud settle the matterInan manner. The the amicable feeling throughoutcountry. If we except. certain of the bettlna frater-aeil'es to receive the siege artillery of the army of Italy, originally intended to reduce ttie strong places of Venetla.jern wildeiness—she has heard of the nominationof;advocates willfollyin thegreat principlespoptilar orator, a statesman, and a Maui the indiutrl.the names before by prominent the Cnnventtoas at thefew minutes. vHot:sa or Coaaoas, May 7.—A discussion ofmay enjoyIt is no derogationedbycommopexpectationtothe Sena- .subscriptions. Hisarmisprogressingfavorably,al-said:' I claimthe right to expreas the sentiment ofdistinctly and expressly affirmed m *'Ijhfm withthat he was sent to the referee by the latter to request®beIfetowkNEW-YORK, MONDAY, MAY 21, ISfiaiimM 'vTHE CHICAGO CONVENTION. left, and none exited when 1*WRy.*?.5^ffi?^T satisfaeUoD. Anangeaieats were made to Ire aan- osbUoI close at hand but in the nomination tmwSuTBOVBCLL AND HHeia. CAlfFBKLL WASBBtTHNK.ANDFromtheAaeaelate4Tiiw, WAsmoTOB,Sattuday,HayIt.<jiieterday in koMT ef the nomliiees of the Chicago Cen- Tentios.: if «• "?• l!*.'°y'Iwportanpehour the Associationof BepobKctUD.,Atanthis city was all alive, la eaaaeqnenee of their dctar- nlnatlon to serenade Hon. HAmiiAi.BAxus, nomina- ted at Chicago as the eandidate of the Repabilssn PartyforVicePresidentoftheUnitedStates. Mr. Hahuh occupies rooms at the Washington House,IW.TOBK.ITBACA, Saturday, Hay 10.THE AXUIESTT IN SPAIIf.- We «kieh met on Wedseeday in the RepnbUcan Wlg- the inspiring air, Hall to the Chief," so fhmaiar ongatherfrom our tiie fol- Republican exchangestlOBlst. so no eoirup- trickster, time-server, but an tunmt,brave, stralglitforwan], able man, who wiu restore-wam 'Of thtedty, to nominate candidates for Prest- d«Bt and TIca-Preeldent of the United States.similar occatloBs, bad been performed by the hand, lowing expressloiis of oplaloa concatniog the aomi- ^the OoTemrat to th« of parityGeneralandRliscellanconsleaehea y<Ai, the telegrapUc eomma-Long ere.(blaalaatlon ot yoor special correspondent hai Informedamid a number of ladies and gentlemen, and ssidas a RepobUcan ren-reason the heart of cbitfly,earlywhere AfMr aa eleasantair adacaUon beilluminated fr«m garrst to cellar.:I have the ofpleasure introducing?,?.' Kini'a^Oilige,OxfordCoaalaeloaar foraemphallcally represtntatlvc? mani;aidcomprehensive. The complished manyprocessionarrived in front of the1831. Tbedeceasadcumbant of St. Mary-tb»-6reai, CatebDdaa, aad baa also been buraar of bia ealleie. In 1817 Dr. Moa- OBAvi was. appointed by tbe fate Tiseoont Kav Eocaiix BishopofHereford,and^nthe daatbofthe vinerable Dr. BAicotnt was traailited to tbe A^ca- bishopal see of York. The lata Anbblahap waa prl- maie ofloud calls were made for Mr. HiKLnr,Mr. B. B. Fbikcb then came forward on the balcony,natlons at ChicagoFirm tke JTett-York IVOiow.While Mr. LnooLi'sders liim sailsfactoiy to the most zealoiu aieaiber of the yarty, the saoderatlon of his character, and the coDservative tendencies of bis mind, long approved snd well known of all men in public life, commendhim to every section of the Tnere is no opposition.good reason why Americans and Wtilgs, and in abort all who are Inspired rather by patriotism than bypracticeptioel-News.Chicago Convention to be one of the standard bearersof the»M" I'vllirfgia^,"w-hki.'cVhS'h'e ?d»l»afro.te>ct»egde moat Arabbtaaapof the Party. [Loud cheers.) We RepublicanHavre oa the 8tbaad with credit to hia exaltedbecome almost a citizen us. He has been here amongwblchlKDew exists; if eleet«l Prntdeatilie irU nodoubt bma a of tb« Honaa of large miioiil^H^yiag tlon of a portion belonglnx to the See of Rinon, aad sl|f sailed again oa the evenfiig of the 9th, passing laof tbe avDualvBlne of £10,C(X). The proviiwe la-a number ofhim here four years from the 4th of March next Iandmycans and the Esrty conEeivatives, these wlw dreadRepre-seiitatlv(s.aid a wstlaag majority of the U. 8. Sea- the Needles atfi.ZO P. M., from whence to Raceeludes the sees ofDurbam. Carliele, Ch.ater, Maa-introduce him toEPIICH or RON. HANNIBAL BABLIN.;Chicago yesterday are the fittingtkat the honr was approac'hiog which would settle assembled to congratulate each otherupon the doings preludeaad be-hom the people, of broad and statesmaalikeof unquestioned abilities, and of tried 4>atrlotlsm, la what is to be to them a great, and, as we confident'yelieve,*a trtumohaiitly successful camoatgp. In a lominatlonofthisnature,theremusthavebeeivnecard Mr. HoasiiAV, relative to an article wblek appeared in the London Times, aad wUA Mr. HoisMAii said conUined a grota ealnmay and aa la. suiting aspersion upon the House.gatlon, pteiented, in a few. brief sentences, the name solicited, itieaTCB me no alternative but to accept of the to settle the aountryvexatious Slavery ques-ihe ticket For ouiselves, we might have hadpsr-«f Wii. H. SfWA«», of New-York. the reipcnelbllities wliich attach to It, with an tion in accoidance with the views ef theGILEAT BRITAIN.TH« FIG^T FOR THE CIIAMFIONSaiP. ' From Bars Life.'The ancouncement of Hr. SswAan*s name drew earnest hope snd endeavor, that a causefiHik tbunders o( spplatue, and it was evident that more important than any man, will receive |kls admL ers might be counted by thoaeands loside no detriment st my hands. But yoii bavvIke Wigwam, an exponent of his great fhioughont the cou&try.popularitycome io pay a tiibute io otir standard bearer, who hasbeen taken from the Great West, where the star ofempire is cuiminating, if it has not already culmi-sa'ed ; a man of comprehenslye and vigorous intel-lect, and fully equal to the position designated. The architect of his own fortune, he comes to ns mosta only rep-must be disseminated. Public discussions must be from^ke Sprinf^eU Repuiliean.yerylittle matter to add to originalIn the Qouse of Commons, May 6—The PaperInot resnlatlvc mas as an able ana earnestofIWigwam, life, to the maturity of manhood, devoted Umself toFrom tke Couritr andWe need not tell our readers that Wiluam H. Ssw-SxTAas, particularly,sult, but it could n"t have been otherwise. Theaadthecrowdwlttaoatcouldnutbenumbered. Theraat throng rose simultaneously, hats and handker-chiefs were waved, cheers and hearty hurrabs wereIven. aad the air seemed full of some magnetic in-flaencr, which moved all alike to exhibit to the full•xlcat their poarers of lusg and Icogth of wind.The President rapped and ordered silence, but invaJa. The audience, like a wild colt with bit btttreenUe teeth, rose above all cry of order, and again and In the pending slecfion, and ^the obligations again the trreprcfsible applause broke foith and re-aoanded far and wlde.> The crowd outside took it ap, SBd cheer after cheer from them Indorsed tlie aantlments of their brethren wltbln.vention for the Presidency. The hoir- Convention,j '|exponentEnquirer.I|•!IIphysical labor, he can, as he does, but feel a keenersense of the rights of labor. He stands before the sion bow vhik tke greater ckeer/ulneaa Inasmuch aswere actisg under the direction of the Home Sejre- to give us offieial notice that if either Ton SAvias oryou.aaagnlEe "onaid I unite my voice with yours most bail his Bominatlon with a swelllBgtlde ofenthusl- «as«s full as ever. Every one knew by intui^a cordially in a tribute to a common cause. You have aim, of which the wild aad prolooged outbursts atof sncctss." Hr. Eviars said theircertain,an4wouldberapid." Ameetingoftheop-ponents o( SaWASD was held, at which efforts wereBadeto harmonize the conillctiDg elements. Thefilends of Lwcour, Cahikq^ and Batss were there,but after a protracted lesslon, nothing Being accom- political association, I am pleased to meet you on ous and intelligent masses of the country may wellthe name of AiiaAHAMFASK, •and sister of thepresent Peer.ing, and spoke as follows FaiiRDS AHD FsLLOw CiTizsivJFVom the pleasure.Boston Atlas and Bee. 9tb,one day later, can only be obtained when theMlSCELLANIOUa ENOUSH NEITS.Hoirsz or Loans, May 7.—The House lat only tor •:ginning.fbt^ver the fate of Mr. Sitass, and would be preg- of our recent Convention at Chicago, the result of We need hardly say that the election of Mr. Lm-Bant with good or evil for the party, wboae represent- which has come to us over the telegraphic wires. Of coiif, though it cannot be accomplished without ar- atives had thus solemnly met. After some unim- that position which has been assigned to me, ytHT duous and persistent efforts, is eminently a thinf thatcanbtdone. Tbe oftheDemoeratlo boslness, on motion, the Chair decided will allow me to say, that wUle I feel profoundly disruptionqualities,Quebeci this morning.with awhich even, a susplcioa was never breath-although yr. Sswass, whom we consider the firstgieat representatiTe ot Republican principles, hubeen defeated, we have, in the nomination of l^r.torenewhoatllitles incounlry, too,highcharacter, uponSiledict advances, into a furor of enthasiasnuHixiaaattemptedwhich could be reached by a Secretary of State's warrant they would be arrested, and their designsand with aprcach. The objects desired by the Republicans« From tke Providerue Journal,the Convention, the friends of many proihlnent men be given to tbe proper persona to Indict them and and Suez remained interrupted.ed,politicalintegrityabove re-LiscoLH, no candidate, but one who exptdienewourGovernment to the principles and practices of itsmust suffer a temporary disappointment. Mr. Liir-all persons concerned for the breach of thQ peace aueaOy committed, at the ensuing assizes. Tois wining has been oommunicated to the referee,who hasThe Dotiy iVei« safs: A divorce bill..in its mala features a transcript of tbe Eogliah bill, has beeaback the fathers and founders, and to administer It in the lightimpofed uponcandidate, are,tobringcoui's nonainatlon we will,of their wisdom and exampleto aid our prepareUonal Republican principles ateupon seas, havens in Its distrf ss and on its returnluquestioned in'egrlty,Repub-;pursuits of the whole country—for we must not forgettbat the prosperity of every country must repose uponproductive indua<ry. Labor it is, and^labor alone, thatbuilds and our delves in our navlgateB ships,manly perseverance,come all obstacles in liis way, and hew out for him- of the notice alluded to in our last, and both sug- drunkenness;mines, to makes music in the woHishops, clears away thelendtlnneibeeoatest. WehadnotseenHaanAKainceQieand werebeyond a scar and a few dlscoToratlons, tie had en-Stenna,and makes the liillside blossom as the New-York delegation that Pennsylvania would rose. It maintains eur Government andiitheloved Caesar less, but Rome moreowo Slate. But there can be no doubt that the nomination which was made is regarded as the very next choice of the aad not kncwlsg wtiat to think, I kept still aiid didn't Surely then, it shoula challeoge and demand lis rights Republicans of New-York. No other man, besidefiontonthenextballot." Hesbboktilshead aad smiled so complacently that I was at sea again,up- advancement.fightuntilFriday,gladtoperceive that,•iiasgeholds the world In its prosper! y and oftheGovernmentitthiusustains. To.fortune of £40,000 by ber hrliUaattUakataJI. Toe call 6l the roU proceeded —"Pennayi-their own favorite, so well the the represents psr^lAfor tbe first presAit living statasmeninthia tirely recovered from the punlslunent he liad received. talents. The Matquis ia a-n«wo£ QiQpaity aad highCahisor, 2H McLban end 48 for Ckat<man of tnat delegation, and then I knew thatJneat-'stump in 1858:is Count CuusTnti.night and day on a prtidiglonafrom 6 toexpected that 1,200 guns, cbiefiy of tha larger da-«anla,2S SurAin,IAasAii LiRcoLs," was the announcement from thewiUi the full and all the Slates, the States themselves net*'forest,interfering vtith the principles of Liberty and Humanity In the ttnitoiies of tbe United States, outside their ownmanlage contract was. duly drawn up. she has re aMaailaIt la saididifficulty as to a place, whichhrme of his friend, and that expedieiicy bad done forhim what it always h&a cone for the great men of domain tor homesteads^ of the free :—these areat present fixing a day. .411 preveotej^hlm "'Integrityof theUnion,of^I have alirays hated Slavery, and I always believedJsJMia to glfC tba proper tlow far SaTaaa to be placed on an equal footlsg wftb himself. He an- nounced tbat he will shortly take a benefit, but that there had been^cmejuiitdictlcn,andto pieserveouroriginal territorialparty, and justlyoioveo ability to wear with dignity any honor it m»y, be able to confer, Mr. Limcolf*, so wr as we are aware, has not until recently occupied a prominent place in tbe list of distinguished citizens from which it was supposed the Republicans would make a se- lection in nominating a candidate for tbe Presidency.to all, and our country aBance, his hands clenched nervously, and every which .the man of every creed and every clime in city tr country.;:1|i.blessingrefugewill tie diminished bythe securities andstitutions of Freedom, regula'.ed only by law.8PKXCH 01 MB. CAHPBILL, OF PKHN. Aftermusicfromtbe band,Hr.Caupbbix.,member ofCongressfromPennsylvania,wasintroduced. Hethoroughhearty RepublicanInregardtotne irrepressibleconflict."hesaid myStateis "Inmyopiaionitwilinotceaseu*ntilacrisisshall and conservative to the core. She be- hove been reached and passed. A house divided that the n mlnation be made unanimous. This was lieves that the mission of till; gr eat Republic, as origi- against itself cannot staid.' I believe this (Govern-development of Its principles aa well as to their de- L fence before the American people. By what consid-Macdohaui, aod him to return to the ring and al'ow the' bAtlleno baa decisionprinciple and filencship was preeminenily nonorablem the eloquent speaker. In conclusion, tae moved Union-lovlLg>\purposefrom upon the ol ttw **Star Spangled Banner -" so you see by four thou.«ano majority; and he will more than party fiom tbe day it entered into power. Said aCount nxthe face of the world, publicly aad solenmly, to r*^wiach tne " Llght-guatd band" ol which Is Cii!c»go,that in Ihe Illinois contest of I8J8, wtilie Douqias transplant toand that, with other defeat any candidal^,;MomxifoLia,_'stationed in the iiu'i below, sires us the tienefit carr'ed the Legislature LiscoLir had tbe popular vote Albany Washington,and entailtriumphwe have pretty lively times, and all that^vbich is so deitrable wben a man Is sleepy clean fcwecp of every Sta'e west of the Alleghanies. ai,d tagged out as 1 am, or when he has a letter to be U* How about poor old Sswaah?"] Mr. Sswasd is asentiment of thousands-" We owe Mr. Siwabd1 remain, Sir. Ac,^'wbicb Iwhich I niave acqulried in the last abortive attempt,-written and mailed in half- an-lialls »re filled with politicians, all labertn? for annot *«*-n a drunken person since mvTtKMigh there Is great confusion and'a great deal of load laik, tbcre is no lUnature visible and no singlejbut u<LossoH, SuLday,hour,«ad. Everybody has been or Is drinking, but 1 haveThurlow Weed."From the Rochester Democrat and American.whethertrol the masses of the people of tbe Soutaem Statescoming rjw bae occurred since the Convention sat,here.tbelr hearts upon the nominaUon of Williah H. " Bao^n, &c., Sewabd. They believed him more worthy than anydon jouriialsI my honor henceforth never to consentI should be xlad tocontinue,but forthree good—ATTACKPteiidercy,rsaaoDS 1 must closeL. The mail closes in five minutes.8PIECB OF UK. WASUBCBRI,'oF ILLINOia ON TBI lilETINQ.Satuicav,only will be taken,including steward's fee, but without wines or liquors, voluntary renunciation,^ -"':S. CoUTentlon meets In twenty minutes.S. I mm payaicAlly exhausted.Asolo Pliiiiib Gut usftd to sav, when he wrote thoseHon. £i.iiic WAsuBcaHB, of Illinois, was next in- troduced to tbe meeting, and In a bold, clear, strongof tbe entire expedient nomination.to decide tbe most uponfsaffoUy and wondertullj made Itepublictn leaders, "voice,when stray among there coilrollng preferringteI8M, That'sall." HOWARD.but the reduced tor the occasion— a lionality on the part of the efficient ant worthy managers of tbe line which was unasked. To Messrs. Asson, Stagis ard J. D. R»id. the Superintendents of(limited,)KingWilliamatreet, London, E. C."j.^' 'TIKW0OFTHERHOIJEISLANDDELEGA- when tbtrewasa instantlyWe murmur.ra'es thereon wereAhas teen appelated to the command of the Great Skip, has been somewhat Intimately connected withTIO^f.BTrKI HASHONT A1I0N3 ITS BXMBIBS. RigaaoBS ilonss, CB]CAQ0,T/rlday, May 18, 1860.the tbe lines, and to their competent asslstunts, the oper- Hull, lie is tbe brother of R^r. NxiiKAif Hau, foi- gnurd.and prrc.r.tly sose of ..laynr BaaaiTt's po- country, and for this reason. A very large and in flu- ators, tbe Press are largely indebted. Tse amount of aerly pastor of Albion Chapel, In that t 'wn, and,In your issue of Mar IS, your -Chicago correspond-cataajs;" The Rhode IslandGen.fUlydalegallaa•epubliean aoil half Aoehcu. Since the BaWmoreBatkb and McLsuf, tti preference to anv man thor-tinually during the Convention, notwtthBt«ndlnff tbetne 6th.The i>i>rnethe Americans have betted, iM lOmfl tlcuble 1b experienced in AiWag the vacanclea."ii i;ipublic meetingprivateIota.obligedoffice, and bisjemination Tt.l« 18 not•.'. 1paraiitei from tie footstool ofuej, «u found n-anlfold «,d ft.eodsbip orBlodc Ii[udWill-or poDcy to nomixiate a compromlae and coilservativ6andeicientwnlcciiWU d —the one sentlemftzi wtua d«<:llue<i aloEtwmm. Mr.delsgaUon to Chicago, wUoll ««^pomn^ tb. recent,. -.:l.^ct«.a Governor.vouid have efenl of a defeai preferred, lnQiieMBWsardlnlaa— frfacj..^t-jXfbere waa no troubleThe^m»lfarther**jl--»'intaino'.t his staad Older being reslo.c., ,c le-.umo.l Ms speech, sayingGAaiBALOi's departure for Sletty has been confirmed, lieleftduriagtheaigbtnoBtoeilbtoTheCablMt bat oroered the Stitllhlu Ttmll of tlcilftaotatiDK tbe SarolulKA fl.a-TlMKlofOf hascausedtamsBMrablephoto- Naplesone tke gmtltmn uko dtelktd inti-intattoa^l im-„d thewere only embatrjiaaed by the number ot thosewipprml.IPIDtomakeogrpvtywbatitit,ttaodiDfupmrou^n veFseltorunl>etweenNassaaandTurksIsland,Ja-whatever in fiiltag tlteWe need not eav that wetae nomlaatioiidelexsfoBthitto «x<!oiirair« bt«r-lniular ttfiunadveytisement for » stentnrecelTed theWbo;comraunicatioii. tbeI e off "..OA, hli eoBdttctgraphg of Cuniui tob«dlltrlbUtit tO tlMttOWhIiIlonger, amidst frequent interrupiloos from the outaldera,a majority of the delegates from the South refused toThe following announcement appearsmightat aU price. Consequently, pledg.friends, we mean to keepRepab- exten- sion of Slavery, and those who dread tbe progress of Admliistratlve and Legislative corruption, may be assured that in him botb tbese evils will find a stern and immovable antagonist and as impassable bar- rier. At the stfme time, as a man of the people, raised by his own genius and integrity from the humblast to the hl8heat made forConcurring with you vrhlch have tinited us labimf elf an honoreo name paossiation, havianglawyer, advocate^ aAs in 1840 and In 1848, the Whig P^ty passedpassedFartherAnglo-;commerce,we bad a visit from Huitah, who, in company withHr. ^iLxjts, came to demand that aday should be:manThe depar- postpoaad uBtQ tlw treaty between Sardinia and France shall be rmttted." Defensive works on an extenalve scale are stm car- forcing upon them of a name that wotild weaken they were instructed by the Commiasioners, who ried on with great activity on the coast of Brittany and Normandy. I am assured that tbe official returaa show that the number of seamen inscribed In tba mai^moralany placsdouble it in November. I tell you he will make a ^piominf;to infuse newwhich has fixed for the battle to be resumed. Both were airare enabled him to over-mayprivliegesof any among thathas had mosf rapturous receptions, and received largetbe nominaUon made at recentlyyetation of Rome. The same paper saysseclfooChicago. [Cheers.] Iwanttosay,first,myuponI,'tment cacEot endure permanently, half slave and halfflee. I do lot expect the Union to be dissolved—I do fact that he can well afford to dispense with the la-- inloim himthepreserve just rightsttrocgle now going on, as ABaAHsa Liaooini /They remembar that he boldly prqelatmed on theBe,expressedfaibarqiictas X nave. The statesman ana a patriot, and his whole heart is with greatness; our debt to him is inclculableSpain, protestingthtt tiiissacrifice,layuponour great Chuse.Mr. TauuBDU. continued for sometimewont pay it in hardcashtobe made in my favour I wish to avoidcheera fgr for Johh Docolas, InquiriesAc. Finally, Mr. TaD>!Boi.t. called forj:for Lincoln and en, followed bywhich were Tliiee for Tauancu."Three cheers heartily giv-o'her man. They knew him eminently fit for thethe steamship Great tSastgrn, J. VlHS Haix, Commander, from Southamp'on for New-York, oa4c.as soon as I am restored to tha.fha noDiinution of Liicour wis rcei»ed hereperiecution&iu)fthnu.fiORUffiDtaodreproicli.IQ 'U maiciThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Bi.iicdOIi aQmmtn\liotel li slio wf«the meeting wou.Mr. WAsuDca^~ ji^ai-iae msincerely de^red a unionReopfubUlfiacwanhoPlaertoyppoiltiloyinrg, obstacdloenteo, the latter, and was transacted In a stvle and to accoBQ^Ssh that, have been urging the nomina- and with a spirit which were untlrlog. The tworow ofSuirey Chapel. Lordon,and some tlrao ago AFFAIRS IN NAPLI"—tliaiwtifDthe<lmeonclass or Den have failed in their object by this nomlo&tlon.Companies suffered notoneof May7, aaya||asH«>.ii!i,"and that for more than twenty years he had ui.flinrhingl; advocated the principles so deaf tohe wasevery Republican. But dear as and Is tothem,the> cheerfully trusted to the wisdom of theTb« CillCAOO CONTIKTIOH—OblIOATIOKS OF TBI Fxies TO TBI TiUQiAFH CoHPASLSs.—Tbe Press of the country are under immense obligations to the New Yprk, Albany and Buffalo, and Western Union__.... y """L^J ^^Tf^'^''^^J^^Jto^e !• called in question. Mayof n^ country be tbe re-ar*waslife and character, public and private, of Mr. CaHCoui,Companlea'uoou a sketch of the eulogisticafter long and anxlr ua delltieratlon, and we have noin of in-one half. Ofhave heard but little during the week. He has been[.Appla-jsethe hlghettthe most emirent;III'atoncc that liismemorymust he some-:"';.peuaed. Yoars, H4ZARD, non.'btttowiig to the storm it was postponed nntUJaREPCBUCAN DEM0NSTR4TI0N AT THE tUa^Boniatriumph of the •••ttanitetinallyMrt.Ta.ddeeidMlaearaoia have been leemad wltb Mr. Siwaw as wii noBlnea. •JlJI*»«•hUrtlycontenttomarchwherethemod or d«t7 poims the way.• T .u '^"^^rtntaiiSfUOstatle.neaideotial candidate we.v"'^ have an abl* and'CAK aOIIUIItX TDK TICI PBISIDnT OF TBI VNITKD 8TATZS—ADpaiaaKS *>0a BIHATOR;..!''?• *?'','^'"P'"«»1OB tbaitbbHt..»tbnreal-:Ennlard, a Governor of the Ckartar Hotue.not expect the house to fall, but 1 do expect it willcease to be divided. It will t>ecome all oue thing, or and laughter.] She has, therefore, looked around alltbeotber. Either tbe opponents of Slavery willputhisrequestVeryIsformingarraied sgaltst liberty, the Revolutionary precepts,enteringafew biickbatsandstonesf&llin LiscoLH were reasonsforhis audience, from tbe direction of the Patent Office,newspaper dispatches, greatlyDoneinthenirertir n, tbe musicians of the bead being among the first to take to tbeir beels. The steadfast Republi- cans Immediately about the doorstep stood, theirrespect their judgment, and bew to it From Ike Troy Whig, ^Hull aewepapcr saya that Capt Vni Hall, whoTbe renunctaUon the same terms.come th not be be:sougUy Identified wii tbe fUpublicBDi. Tb>sbusiness of theThe Preii of New- York. arepub'lc officers couldtAjwiiboutA riolouB dlsturbKo(,« it waa time for a Bweeplrg reform whfch woon ;rlve thuao IswleasBECBFTION OF THE NOMINATIONS. PENN8T1,TANIA.£a8ton> Saturday, May 19.,1,.".M,^ Withstampedeoppositeples "of ourparty:Stratford, <the«ver)lhirg;he founded theparty,and built it up toassuredly, prefer the election of a Republican Presi- d(nt ilthertban Ihe success of Mr. butTOli SAYEItS, Champion of England. the altar of my country, la the result of the convictiaodelegatestiartyTbe decision has been madecan be obtained onwill be Inned St the rate of £40. For pasaage and_„nn. r.'pXes.1fd%"o:;e'r..yV. ItIsaowbeingfired. Rbadiko,Saturday,May19. -tateaeartntbemorebaatOne hundred-guns are now being fired ;of maslc are the paradingblm te the free votera ot the and land,withaak, entirecataraA as atadeat. Grace avta eleetadstreets,lag is assembled to celebrate the aominatien of I>ia-Hmn Pa»m*iwn.jEipeditlsicoDege,he held np t»THE REPUBLICAN JOURNALS.WARLIKE PEEPMATIONS IN FRANCE.'proctrrlnArcbbbMp waa la>:posttioatbe aaiioB,if ImDallad aUentlyThe atcamship Adriatic, from Bouthampton onthe tth May, arrtrad kera oa Saturday mimiog building churches and elector o(^ St Anausttae'a Col-with three days' later aewa ihim Europe. She leftand arrived off Cowcs tbe sakieembarked tke mails aad pasaaagers comprttea the whole of Yorksiilre, with tke euen-achieved, and the country may be redeemed from the pernicious Influences that are hurrying it to nUn.and November, we ar%glad and grateful. The noial-Americans!Republicans! Shall not all tills be ac-matches well with thewhich is friendsofMr.bent on permitted anywhereThe greeUngs whichdid not begin to equal that which I novf* boring and industrial classes. Having from early Ain was our first choice, and tbat our laior has been States which must be carried to secure a {Icpubllcan andKing-ever, has decided otherwise, and we bow to the deci- —Wefor the ticket a poptaarlty that will grow, as^early embraced the iiepubllcan cause, has always labored eonalstently for its success—has, from the tieglnnlng, stood, and stands row, fair and square on its national and conservative Platform. We have only further to say, Hcie are two eminent statesmen, whose bosesty to ^f8- claim- for it ing the support of tbe people of tbe United S»tes. inOf course, where there were so many niynes beforefrustrated;and not only tills, but directions wouldof purpose, puilty of cbaracter, andtest with Hr. DocoLAB, that he had great power with greatdetermined, beyondthenamingpassed bytiieLegislativeCouncil of Victoria.and given inFrom tkeandAlbany Evening Journal,cotijidtnceIt would be idle to attempt to disguise the disap- pointment which the people of this State feel at tbe failure of the Convention to place In nomina-aad aa the auttaotitiea are determined, we can- doii waives the articles entirely and goes abroad to cw-Thursday evening, wbaretoThese sentiments in New- York are invincible. adopted Is based on the same doctrine.The No ground Republicans,too public Interest will be on the wane, and his rece'ptsfoilwaetrform would have satisfied theTom Satsas weThat he is aself we need not reiterate.from his In speecbessentlmepts expressed by room to doubt his eiitiiel(H)-(:-ounders in of and which progress manufacture,will lie ready by the 1st of August next FRANCE.Paus, Saturday, May i. The i'i>frtc1>elieves itself correct in stating thatbeen taken relative to tlie evacu- **him at tbeleave no great princi-disUagulshed Yoik, who, more than any other, waa held to be the representative man of the party, ard who, by his commanding talents and eml-nent public services, has so largely contributed to theof tbecuremustbeveryslow. We course,of thafidelity 7believethattherightofpropertyinaslave is itofHood, Mr. H. alluded to in ouror itspush it foiward till it shall becomh alike lawful in all— ntRepubilcan,yesterday and hespokethela almost inevitable. What the result be time saaywill deteroilne. The Secedera and Dlsunlonlals whorelired from the Charleston Convention moat would,ofThe mass of our friends bad set great Republicanremalna to be seen, it Is net doubted tiiat Secede, and will sustain Mr. Douolas if nominated.doubt Ibat In the miDds of those who voted for Mr. him even to the peerless statesman of New-York.withouta.„^, „^, ,I0K,O0.^^,tfs Lets ns Booaaoir it ba BaASASoa.The nomination ol Mr. LiscuLn willFtce camu up a;>(^ t.kltbe speaU r to go on, for that ential class of men In ihe have work in itself Immense, seemed but a smAlloi protected.avas originally half U[>on the stoop, an ,n « few tair iteu, coiaparatlve Uon of Eurk nMional and uno!3Jectlcinable meo as wires devoted to the Press worked steadily aod con-11. the Federal capl-loNcw-Yora plate, bavin, ,t.rt»d. galaedla tixmnWDCF. iJMOUch uuuis;• ,aUU^r7i<^' to ; Ttt^a-p.MlMlyDrtitwBg>.'•»»•forHeaDpoiDtmeot,whowouldsladlyhaveserved- Thevar-ancvwasaued Is Khode laUlut a W««k before tt. <illei»uS yeaterdsy altersoon -wltb the utmost enthuaiaain and def«no«, ml^bt lead oar conquerlna lentous in the b uLt by cbntraot la Naaaaii.true. There wae kut oia« vacancyRepubllc&n,'%ere waa';'^„iTput" . .alp, «<i>i wltb tbe law *B*tnat plrwev.McpirtAfc^Bil wblch tlie Bates and McLean deleimtmparticularly for tbelriddi: 6«B. aa act wblcb HUMJL. ia dlftdBctlTets' a. but not the Ra-to ftlr. WHimfO..vorUiy uffSlBtAots,of the^e'rl6kf"i^^'f^'fie^g'TrobatloiiTuPttrit eonuniuGilDUN, b!ra(^tiilil> uader the applicatioa ofregard Wehadhoped, uourf^ hometbtjhii.-"^» "<>•' '""u"'>l«' "="8° etoresand a meet- largeof baldiwranglerParty, easarily many from now perhaps lets likely to be repaired tban befere preferencesA few playful remarka by Lord PAUiaaeioa, follow- The Arakia came in contact wltb the screw steam- ed by others in the same spirit by Mr. Disa^xLi. put aJ/'Intelligencer,entitled say is, lei him lose no time, but strike the ironsizes,andI85B, among many other similarat Chester and at eacb^of which he Liverpool, placestime, to thetor Irom the State of New-though,I were in Con-From the NationalThough fully identified with the principles of thatof alllOO-pouixiers.It ishim- The following extracrsthe Constitution."ing of him beyond seeingto and not for the ofIf Mr. Hooo sends us a masd of tbe camp of Chalons In Juae next.'' but we maylobby disgraceBaAOABCi,nouLce now and forever all claim to the thronelarRely^'".""'Jll^\Untitled Documentdisappointreaders knovr,wltlithat lih-. Sbw.*.kz> might be oar standard-bearerone who bas eoDtilbuted more tlxajatkiiy otbt^r Governor had mmde publictiandaconfidence In the man aad tbetion of tbeu choice which ia sure to be bealowed.oftkat it was in order to proceed to ballot, g-alefui for the honor it confera, and am duly sensible hlsnomlnaiion, the fact that he was put forward by sections, soie of which were to be set aside. Mr. er Great Britetn wken coming into the river from the stop To further discussion, and the subject dropped.portantand that nominations were in order. of the ob;igatloss it imposes, it was neither sought, one of the doubtful States, Illinois, and nominated in Seward, Mr. Chase, Mr; Cameron, Mr. Banks, Mr.Bates atd Mr. McLean, all have friends who Saidoo Basin. TheAroMabad rigging of port aide:nity, is so decidedly in favor of a draw, and theaalymoreso. Ahugecannonwaswheeledupto plause.] SeebelievestiiatAssamListxiuiistheman theStates—oldaswella*new—Nortbaswellas Wecaneasilyreadthemotiveswhichledtothis opinionsouniversaltbatbothmenhavedoneenough, The3f<n>it<tir publishesanimperialdecree,pro-Abxah L1.1CCU with unfeigned gratiScation.[.Ap-tite Coot, and bang it went every half minute for lor tke time, and marches breast up with the advanc- South."wen'een minutes steady. Some one brought in wave ot civilization and He then went ing liberty.honorable grave, than to sneak thus into to whom it U of any importance to us to explain ouroblivion, motives. We feel quite confident that those whose ping is atwlished ; that imported la. foreign shippingFrom tke Buffalo Commercial Advertiser, Where tben, lies the path of duty Mr. Liacoui ispassedby the Cham- Leglslativea large cajon portrait of Mr. Liaoois and car- on to eulogize the platform upon wMch he stands,ried it, like the Host, up and down the platform. which he (Mr. Caufbbu.} said protected the iron in- nominated by apoweiful party. His success is moie< sorted to this miserable and cowardly refuge. Better imply a doubt in our minds as to the capabilities of the ttie duties hitherto levied on cotton. Tbe import The Illinois, Indiana and Ohio delegates seemed wil'}, teietts of Pennsylvania, and would build up her tb an possible, it has strong probabilities in his favor.* to have encountered defeat manfully, and found an Champion, out they will not be fotmd among a class duty on cotton imported into France In Preach ship-ac ea like madmen. One smashed h'.s hit onaaotber's liead, who returned the compliment, whichwas lolkiwed by a mutual embrace. Hxsst G. Lauxteeteied up and down oah chair, not saying a word, tending crowd proceeded up Pennsylvania avenue tben it IS tbe plain duty of every old Whig and A mer- The Democratic Party now needA only to be true justify what we have said and done. Our correspon- ton Imported into France by land is likewise to pay aToeytbe to If he is not if there is nohrad of a fellow delegate. At every dischuge oi the crats. cannon, the cneerliig would break out anew, and thetrue man's help caa^lve him. Mr. Lincolit has not that longexpeiienceln public service wtilch we could have wished, but he has something better in tbecided one way or the other, imless the men agree to a draw,LITTIS FBOM TOM 8ATKSS.wiidest confusion reigned, which occasionally would teach such a pitch as to send the bliod tingling Ikiopgh one, and stir up the fountains of his sympa- thtes as the storm amuses the seas of the great deep.EPEXCH OF SIHATOB TBUMBITLL. Senator Tsuhbcu being introduced to the addiesfed it in an earnest and somewhatcontinued asceiidancy throughout the nation. Thedefeat of ^iwAsn and aominaUon of Liivoolh emascu-lates the This of the Republican party. repudiationrepresentative man of the organization extinguishesits life, and deprives Itcf the further sympathy of theearnest men who have been sustained Uona SirSPAIN.The Paris correspondent to the Jforaing Pott says,Ho human bo<:y could ai'end to business afier sucti 'aacei.t,&Dd tbe Ctnventlun adjourned to 5 o'clock ftis afiemocn. It will be too late for me to 'send anything by tills mall. The particulars Illinois, whet e he hewed his way ibto distinction. •f the noBiinatiun Hill be sent by telegraph He studied and for a time practiced tbe business of a-accordingto officialdispatches,Iprinciple.RepublicanatMadrid,yetitandthe nominees of the Chicago Convention.Keystone Stete From the Washington House ihe band and the at-manufacturers,pledgedpeisooailv objectionable,reason In the man himself, why he should not merit the support and indorsement of boaest national men,but gtinnlDg all over tilir«xp'esslve countenance, five hundred sirong, and 'hence up Eighth-street to Ican who hopes to do anything for bis country in this -while he waved in a huge ciTcumfereuce a t'le. dam- ihe quurte'sol Scnutor Tsumbuix, opposite the gen- campaign to come up squarely to tbe flag and pledge aged somewhat from its frequent cmtact with Uie eral Post-ofiice. About halt the crowd were Demo- to Abbau Liboolu all the aid and comfurt which abe swayed bv prejudice and passion—achieve, not merely a brilliant victory in this Presi- BA«, Enoposlng it does not take place previous to tbedential campaign, but also a permanent triumph and 161b of June. Tbe match once made must t>e de- market last weak. Wheat was firm.raeetbig lengihy speech in suppcrt of tbe great work done for the Re-stronf,saftacious mind; cool and unshaking nerve,atHe bad known AbaahThearrived when it becomespublican PartyLlscour for twenty years.was brought over when an infant into ladlaaa. Thence, with bis axe on his shoulder be went IntoChicago.:period^hasaad you will l^ve written half a dozen articlesthereon before this reaches yon. Neverchtdess, Ishall, for my own Individual Ion, take the liberty of ab'est lawyer In the Northwest. They call him "Old SxwAED. We will not permit ourselves to utter onethirty fivt, electoral votes of tnls State are not cast forthe Iiemncratic nominee. It will be tbe fault of our I can say In honesty, thatpolitical friends. Tbe Republicm Party has no lon- of my birth and dearest affections. I bad opposed to ger the power to control them.situation.Maosid, Monday, May 7.they win embark on board the steamer thedestinationofwhichisunknown.aueaalDg, and of recording a bet made just now, that the ticket will be either LiAcoui and Hickuah or Lui- «oUi and Banks.ABs,"faid Mr. TacHBCLL, and'yet he is in tbe primeme one worthy of me, and whose activity, rapidity ardpluckitwasnosmalltasktoencounter. Sprungto-day Cofim,;inch a man. [A X.ircolndemonstration—aLincolnmiss-mee'iogand Voice No»*ighenoughtoboPreaident."] Yes,From tkefrom our own race, tbeprogress of time ended in peace, may everyArena- es wut out number. The rooms of the Mas-by the Democratic Convention at Baltimore, whole Norihwest, and his election by the people be-so bitter-aad GiLiioti's baud is now In iheie playing " Wbeafriends, that thestrugglemv ownand mostpretendona 1, tbe tindersigned, CsAaua Lotus sa BomaaaSwallowsHomewardFly." TheroomsofthePenn-' ••I tellare all ablazetween.ihe two men, and the atrongest argument em-Mr. Skwabo waa that tils electiona conclusion. Onething foregonepart, that of my children, I humbly offer to you mySpain:\I[Hurrah] A giant in intelJeotfile event is too prominent. Its consequences too jected gales could not fail to recognize the dlfiereoce be-neBBtbe late forever. Uponfor the cha-u- renunciation Count MoBTxaoLia of bis byland surveyor, tben he entered into the study of the law, and rapidly rose to ihe high di'tinctlin of theimportantChicagoCon-I didmybest for the land—about 51 old. He Is of hie years'*fix of Little" to it. as well 88 in stature.^ofsomanyyeaisoflaborandwatchfulcare.But- ItisnowquitecertainthttIfMr.Dodolasbere- qualities,andasourcoBflictawiththemhaveinthesix feet three inches and hl^h,regardthis calamitous fall of his ambition, at aeveryhigh enough to be President, and he wilt be Presi-Pkila'delpkia Press.Americans Inherit our t>e8tA native ofKentucky,hereallya giant in stature,spiritmustmomebtwben he seemed about to—aachuFctts DclegaUon are directly opposite mine, dent. "[Hurrah.] He Is a giant, and wltiout tbe pre- wcigbiy, tobe pasted by la silence. * * * Dele Mr. LihooiJi wUl sweep Illinois, Indiana, and tkeSuice tne adjournment there has been a grand||graspthe fruitionTHEBENDNOIATIONOFCOUNTMtXTTSMOUN. VThe Paris papers publish the following aa Uiayou.my tonichttotbethroneof '-and wltb public measures which loiellig«ntfsmillsiitylie at the bottom of all tiue statesmanship. We con- ceive It to be our duty to place the names of LincoLifTo Ike Editoroftke London Times:there is no truth about amodificationoftheSpanishCabinet. Asubsctipdooand Hamliiv at the head of our as a columns,The Party la struck with a. my duty to thank the great British public for the pat-for the Pope has beeq openedbut aspledge tbat we will extend to them such honorable and faith-paralvlic etroke, especially in the State of New-Turk, they have bestowed ronageIt is not for meful support as may belong to our position and influ- ence.oiily aioounts to 4^,634 reals.result m thevention is tbe fiu'l defeat and discomfituic of Wii. U.mocracy, the latter will have an easy victory. If the New World was pitted against tbe Oil, but one thingagain in an interestingCount 01 MosnsuOLiR and hia brother left TortosaNot the leastword cf insult which mi^ht add to the bitterness ofwith wbich Mr. Sbwabb and his friends especialADODOLABCRT.es•»«"^^i^J."^Sf"'•"ef our poettiveness partyF.B.A.S.,aiklwaa tta leivirewhotookafirstebiseertlfieateiaataaaaav l^atlon under fte lleteaatlla Hattee ActDIATH or fEK ABCHBIIBtVaVSrOBK.haa long and lalthfnlly scrred bis Slateaadbiicoun- Uwtallaed and untointed the RepobUcao Partr offertry, ana tn this hrililant and eTer-bil«bte«tag careerSfnt"?'"?" ailnjl* fsnlt to tarnish its parity.and Ilost Rev. Taoau D. HtrsosAvi,aoa of"'FromIke JVeioBasest Asa Ltacoui," as everybody calls himIf'tr.second member's prlia for Blddla baetielor la 1811; proceeded H. A. In 1811; baeama hot* A'morer's professor of Arabic ia 1821, aad iras aealarandple which charaeterlie its early days lusder the ad- Dinistiation of tbe ReTolnUooary patrkrtt. For tbljas by aa overmlisg power, baa been drawingdated—would have been neither wise nor fair.campaignWe predict, furthermore, that it will be elested.suppote, be especially sttorg In the West. He showed in his celebrated con-Tbe lioiul clauses of Importance. The first provides ttatasQjiBgstcountry, Hon. Wiujak H. SawAas. The question atChicago, bowerer, was, not wbo Is Beat iswlfej •( ear enaatderalloD, bat wbat suiiabla oaBdloala eaa we present with the itrongeet probabiJiUas of suc- cess ?his to bare tbe mat- anxietyta CLananai. HutThe I>nie< says the gtm fectories are Bow at woibfrom the claimsnumber to say that the honor in question waa award-eratlcns the Chicago Convention vcaa influenced in-.cauie,for tbatratidcauto ild tbe SieUiuu.tcentha feildw of bisla 1810. HisFrom Ike Barlford Cowofit,Aia Lnnour believea tbat alavery isswroag, andoughttBot to l>e extended, Staading on that MMaa-Une oJBUBd.be will restrict it to the.IaeamliM la' oveaiag.~wmJ ImnartlallT. *the claims of Mr. we are S^axd, ofgo on,ting an end to it.letter to this effect we will inseit it ;put-pcstp-inlngcourse ani^ble Io say. But his Mends andwill find consolation for their in thethis Dooslcsabn;con- factious, personal oppositionMay C.TEE GREAT EA&TE.RN UP FOB AUSRICA.in the Lon- "The Great Ship Company (limited) Intend dls-lines for tbe auperb manner in which they were served wi'h the dolnga of the Chicago Con- vention. Not only were two wires the entire dis-boArd. Return tickets Ship Comoany._i1111tance devoted to theMaoagerXnE B.A.sAscEa.provement are In prgycmm In «ie BbJiaoik lalaiada.g««.ef.hcejie,«5C!„"; the re«eUyin|UDvvo"«> t«— for the CrJimea, wa."VariouB 'fworka ofThe ColotiJal LegUlsture harlDg lately passed an actpeopledifferentTbe sdjoamed debate oa tbe secood reading of tha RefreshiaeDt Hoaxes and Wine Licens* bUl, and the ameLdment to defer tbe seeoad reading for alz months, was then resumed. After considerable dia- cuision, the House dlvidedr wbea the ameadasat was negatived by 267 ag ahist 19J.The blllwas then read a second time.splred wltb a sense of the solemn duty resdog on all are, of couite, disappointed ; in ways, which we shall to tbe InteDtlon of ,the authorities ta interfere, and 219 ayes, and 210 noes'.Mr. Eta»is, of New-Vork, Chairman of that delp- expected, ncr even desired. But as It has come un- great tneasuie by votes from two otbers, namely, pre-Pennfylvsnia and New Jersey, the urlversil desire sented tbeir names for the first or seconiy place oa carried aw ay. Tbe Great Britain was not injured.— sonal pieferences equally ationg with others. But Fathersall thete are powerful la behaliof the Chicaso tick- at a time like this, tiersonal.prefeiencesaie to bis sub- et. But, as we said, efforts must be made. The or- ordinated to the win of the majority, as eiproased In janljatlrn must be perfected In every State, in every the Convention, and to tbe auccese of the ticketM ctsusty. In eVr.'' district. Traots and newspapers Indicated by the judgment of that body.We haveheld, Tbe people must be animated, enllg'iteDed, iu- In ways, wbich it-is useless to mention now, we this affair. Notwithstanding what has been stated aa Duty Repeal bill was read a third time aad-psMed—largeword of to my flag beingOepBTtnreItadidby Gari-wbtehWbaa at Caaibridge be obtained thaQueenstownthe10th init,tiiaPoint last evening.- The pilot-boat went out for thenews, but going too close to the steamer was stoveto pieces. No lives were lost The news, whlvb is some length took place between Mr. WaioibSaxoa reaches-The Great Britain has arrived fromAustralia, with £190,000 in gold, after a passage of 62 days.HxBBAH—willnotbedom is now evident, for on Thursday last we had avisitfrom HaaaAST,of Fthe dlvlalon,wbo informed usSuperintendents DDazin,of a futuretke masses. The people have confidence In his day, to wash his hands of the business. Oa Friday Australian measure, however, coatalni two addi-in his devotion to thesterling goodsense,andInhiafornot see a way out of the difficulty unlen Batbis be married to the Marquis and Duke of GAaiAai. A;ol course,ter sattled In ooa way or tbe other, aad made no o^-FioooLonai's family. aamestrong gunsby his private worth and vrhile it ia hot." The excitement at is very icription, will be made this year. DurlngAlie niae-we can great, ard it he fixes upon a spot wi hia a few dayshe must realize a sum. If he largehave received a bom Mr. messageAngel, last,) stating tbat he was not a friend of HiKHAir's. and knew noth-tsrrylong,extensive sndreferee in the wav stated. Before concluding thefc Chalons. There is to be a grand review tikis year."what at fault if he he Imaginesact. Tbe Republican Paity has committed s.uiclde to that we do not hedtate to adopt this course. We the law escape from justice. They felt that the of have no doubt many wUl be found ready to throw mulgatingpa'chlEghoisted in Spain or in Its SUtes. 1aljodetUtTthat,to thewe have to reneat the recommendatloa onlyaugmented campjudgment such a recommendadon, as tending to beis for abolishing, and in certain cases modifying^ the people was about to overtake them, and they re- suspicion uponto be buried in the cross-roads with a stake throughgoodopinionalonewecareforwillallbereadyto istopayaduty,of3francsthe100Ulogramiaea.Col- to itself—to exercise Judgment and wisdom, and not dent Is wrong in supposing Tea Satsss can claim the duty ot 3 frarcs per 100 kilogrammes.the body, leaving a name infamous behind it.In order te belt without fighting out the present match wltb llcs-The price of flour varied coosiderably in tbe Parlaupon^me.and with common prudence on the part of the De- to pa.*^ any remark ujKin my late struggle, when the Tie Duchess ita MoATPattsiaa is represented to beengendered by piunsMp pass awaydence will extend my life, that no act of mine, eitherin or in paolic life, will be unworlhy of oue privatew ho has received the notice of the rune* newspaper.the9thofJune. 300first-classwhichether informatlop applyto tbe Greatm»vatfuUenjoymentofn liberty,passengers a uni/orm rate of £a each,No. 11TBI BIW COUMAKDUl OF THX OKIAT KASTERH.of this «i>crl«'e-r, „.a„tTfrtoea.Aprilof Don FxanaAan is couched la_^_^____ ITAtY.*T" i2?"»'^o"says"Weara:lafljfaJ tbat»•>and ended ladlsniitloi^aoraperia Cambridga,Trinity College, Cambridga, in 1806. aad was four-beobtainedforbabitaal and the second, absolute disaofaitloa of marriage may be granted wiiere tiiere lua lieen deser-tion for four years, either by hnaband uiSlfe.The Courf Jommal Mdlle. PiccoLoai left Loe- saysonformal betrothal took place prior to leavlag, aad tbeIt ia as- serted that Marshal MacMaboh will talce tbe cooi-that the efforts whichwould always lead to diU war, whichJ'sraahe waa bam In 1788.DBPARTUBI OP SASI- BALDI FOR SlCn.T.that Saa. «.«.»..». left for "icily with an expeditionary or^a a'anmtt.declare in jiHwww.fultonhistory.comi. 