° .••. •.;-,Tne shave their crowns, Japanesew.>o*-ioftkeAdmimstraiion, or.WV Ac --.day.eomeqoentlyMr. shown to have any foundation. On Saturday goodbe ooattanad at the York-atraet pter far tbe other barrela merchant of Baltiinoro, died Sbdlts, prominentwould be and incur dishonorable, justlyconsumption, II by by •scarlet fever.taltMMlby<!'Bcott,' - .-flSSSrSl^d tJh.e « 'r"*MlegMni alWaid; S. K. S^aUinr mt- mrinO^T•f «••,easier; C«mu Money'^ jeWelry a «»'«"»f«sf^l*ow°.°"gLW*ta'g ^Msiim WdJHliUlT advancing caai|lillav'.'to OS. Her first she accomplished In 129 daya, her Dorado Cotmty, and Dr. W. H. Sroax, a prownent adopted by the Paelfie Rallroad Cesneatlaa af CaB fotnia, and hu> justbccome the cfa<4eeof>|.The badarrivedatLiverpool.Long ignorance we have treated them withanswer to thismen have never yet replied, la aa fbllowi ;^k7$1 6080.whlU, 41 70®$! Coas dull at 72>^974c.out-sail theweek at the Sandwich Islands.ceiBsay there would be nothing in the fact of their,Hinfi* XUipatakThe city is thronged with delegates andI V ".iit^vi,iP?^w|if?9niJJ4>iMi..iw.i,Jj.'-Vtam:^Man^;qpCf{C|ppi|l9ip^iiiiu>."->i!i«>!-«'«"i"v«(Mnmwir ^ .iwi'i a;j>nv.«iJpt»«h« ,S Aj : -.. .» .1 •*«>«•»Air tMAv <><^ ><>K h<«Hr>ai'^li'W•AMtirtJt TTS'i'**- MFFfiWH ) 1 j»im,ii.i :. f ;.•«"ta'ji,'\«•Mis .ifv^ J - «««*« * Hi" ... is.O Hi!''* -,,' :=f!^*RL;iBiB*^o.«8ail||iiiilliljitP.-C»»TMTIOH. B,l^'JKjl£fit^tjiTHECLANS. aM»^']M|(i|ir||.eiRy tke CoBTeitira by.WIJM r,„ i :, -J ,-,. ,,,'^**IlMaaM aa yet knowa.say was possible, ifplan oearal~iUip'Ca following peculiar citcsmstaace occumd :Gwin and Latbah, aad Eepreaentattvaa Bi Soon, addressed CoL LAanii a letter,to give hla aid to have one of their•Cn4^d'ltst.ing Bpward.The CleTcIoad aad PIttatargk Kallraad.Iaam,iA6]«a»taIk'arttb]| tUlfASPBCTS^Mveioa STOCK at a DseuNs.and 7 hours from New- Soaoua, aad avea threaten to withdraw in case in good miming order, aad making time t>etween York, thnsbcatingthe Fl^iBg1CI<nu(,which has hithertotkat bla aaminatloa Is pressed,Hr. BoaBB li regarded oat of the questlanHcam, and. In all probability, our next President, as •yet, attract very little attention.vote of tbe peopleand auy action in Kansas repug-point.herewith submittedilian affairs, made to Hon. Commissioner Gbbbbwoos, it may seem expedient to you to once maif aanda.l4tt«M. item Sui EoniioR, Aux. n. SnrKr.-o, andsnadiy.oth*i oaaiaMtlMU geatiemen, have armoa'ncedt>ieiilaiavidoal,dl«e«>tstthaldaa of being nomisa-«79Ual 7g, 92«»3;-,issue. But when Mr. Wauxxup by some of the Administration," he must mean,tkenominationareyetgood.HOWA:cD.Gen.Oatiua. Eiiohasbeencaptured. Tranquillity thiswoutdresultinsavingtothepartymoneywhichofstreams, and, going on to California, oafte'WNk that of the western division the same season. p«—'Tg tbe last of the emigration over the desert, aa lannmed by Bisuop and Cawpbxu-**.heCCTaaa. Healsod„l.,..efTulatoms -lionsenjoyedatral Railroad sbarct, 68!i;aossall knowledge ef the prograaune adopted, and then hoand there was no P««~From Another Oorrespondtn;.taken and to sufier a cruel issues of the Patent Office were atThe im- this desir-^i remarks of Mr. J. C.presentlydegreesMc.^LUSTta,»he PcnnsylTanla terday, at which the;VirguilaSs, lbt», S2a84; Pennsylvania is, »3; P»im-his method of erecting ironthe building recently taken down in Centre-street tiadUnitedthe dootriiie of submis^iiui, wr.s suf:gested and proved by the Presidml. This statemest of Mr. CaI/-uses this exact language" It is also due to frankneM to further say. that I smfully impressed with the conviction Lhat the Presid,;ntnot thishimseifdid ^etup programme,thoaRh1doke-(Signed,)CoL Lsmxa refused to allow me toMf »rsii«o»iousjea5oaof conference. 'ia91;cracks, arisingiron by heat and coiJ, had alTccted ihc stability or du- rability oJ the building.bypresent pos-,^**r^l«» '.certainly New-YorkCentral«B,8See9New-YorkCen- streetPierInJerseyCntyon tbe14thInst. TheDr.ChasettialmovestortolselikeintheCourt.lem. Mass..twtnty-<i<Mel,«•l;«TM,l';«3:,rtdeforto "la aartrattOF THB C0HTB8T.clipper Andreie Jaelaon came into port onSO. 15}«c.: beat China. Tne Coal marketto tki Vaw-TMk Cmiiim.Samr.Afril»-Tkw.tS'.asAdefperate allray occurred atttathe tapTiiwae roA of reagka ka<i^mii ikoagli iesBkaytawcrliTttaeTyorhigknlu.»cent,premiumfor and currencyandwillprobablynotstuvlvethawound. ThecanoeC,;mT.,iitco of '.fcs !»o ;«;• nfCol. Lssnta offered a bill this ccviod, in whicb be proposed to construct a Railroad oa the first fbar haa- dred miles of his route for a remarkably small s^ oT money. Be ia a diaHngnlihed eagtaeer, a^ n.aiOedtatkiirntewt eapaettr.udTr^'<» ai^act of tke talk about CoauaittM Roomi aad atkar nBaUa aooieas of taforaatkn.Tke feeUBS for and acatut Wceo aad his detega" ttaUlntraia. Tke National Committee kare de- aUed to fir* tke tickets of adminioB to tlie otk« _t.j. Bamor txj* tkat Woo» kas beea relaforeedtke preacDoe ef fiftj tgktiBt mea bom New-York, aad tkat witk tkem ke will attempt a crap titoX atAe Coanation. This Ua Mends deay. He will ap- fui tvtkaCeaiTentlaafiomtke deeMoa of tke Com-Tke finat Eafitern op for iiuirica. to folly fair. Flodb duU, at $3 «IH. Freighta and to the Equator, thence 17of the affray wai tbe lie givaa la a political discos-Caisor Citt, Wedaeiday, April II—10 P.M.The Winter In kas se- Weetein Utah bami verylenabto ktret Itead wtUi bniT tMei.tetter a aera Uteial deeeiiptioB of mm aadiiMtaa, .aadeabtedlT ; 'all talk la DonaLAs. Borne for, etbers 'iMlHt Um. His prospeeti, yesterday, were tke bestface,QMMallyall. Tke anlTal of Susiu. pnt cold water oa tke of coal. She has 4(0presumedIn this doubt as to the arrival of a greater than the Admiral, our people have been a good deal puzzled as to the degree of, enthuslaam they shouldexhibitovertheirdistinguished Inour strangers.roads, provisions of ail kinds are exceed- consequence, gone up beyond anything ever kaown,^ TVM«g»««Queenstown, 9th, put in at Halifax, on Saturday, shortmorement. Susau broogbt and baa |az-even lu California,are the ratesat CarsonButter and Sugar, $1 ^,at which staple articlespointedmpalataadeaey, itatlag>Ba»wletter tfoa Jan. "Drnt to tite Mississippi jwithdrawing bis name Itom tiM list of andadTistag tkem to withdraw from the Ik eaaa Doi>ai.i8 Is ngmlnated.following selling to-dayto wblebTha Maine, New-Hampebire, Vermont and Rhode «j,Jitiand dclecates are counted on as sore for Dodslas.Hauadnsetta, In Informal cancas, went againstton. Board is $1 50 ^ meal, $4 ^ and day,Bon. Jo Although Hon. Mn,Na^, ._' Ub; eabaeqaently ibey entertained thethesetify the same. Nor does the confidence seem mis-soggestlon - -tMWta ooniiilBeatary Tote for Datis, and fall backbycompel<laSeMLAa.fexpedleneyla their motto. FaansylTasia went scTenteen against aad ten inIraa Apparataa— Batldlagfaiftrsraf OaaaLAS.Csoaectlcnt voted in caucus, eightlast the Admiral, according to prearrangement, cametV^M^Oe particular extracts, from the report ttaetf, vfeMKl*.Okltt.At a meeting of Southern: Gentle'uen Aapeelor tentbe inhabitants of Savoy and Nice will vote by uui- veisal suJIJrage on the q-jestion of annexation toGen. TionaaoT, of Arkansas, will be the Ckainnaa, and tke friends of himself and Ccsauio aie conteattng for the berth ef permanent Chairirian,Congress.ITALY.Negotiations ^e going on between Rome and Na-ples relative to the entry of Neapolitan troopsWoon's open house at St. Andrews is kept up in magnifccnt style. Diczneon, O^ui, Oavis, Gcraaiz, known.the ciecuMion wuichthe sense of the meeting seemed to approve the Eng-lish method of engraving the model and printlog the fen Japanese letters, -otherwise he displayed noas was the oi M.. opinionIn fact, it is lndispeiisat);y necessary that should be correctly mfjrmea ae to tbeCniXLiBToa, Sniiday, *pril32, 1860.andpatent aescibed in them. The reports of the Patent Ofiice Ebouia be properly engraved and printed, issuedthe scalp, and the elaborately1for theIng up rapidly, acd every freen arrival adds to Ibe cewyiic^tioLs of ihe game wtilc'r. Is to open in t-m- est to-morrow. The fight over the notnieation ofin front ol the ctdn, the other from before the ears be- low the chin.Some San Franciscans have fallen a-won- Uuukinged. It was a wretched device of fraud and vUlalny.as his assistant on the Western Dfridoo. "Thete individuals would necessarily caipKy the lat>or of Call lomis and Nevada. BntttatamaSd notTtakotelf flMiTTarioo*Niw-OaiissB,Coitok; sales, to-day, 7,500 kales, at un- the Equator, 223< thence to Cape Horn, was off the slen.charged rates. SosAa s'eady, at 6}4c.a7Ho. for fair Cape 10 days, with calms for 3 days ; 20 days thenceforOoaoLAS,of GoodFridaT and was kept in custody <mtil the day whom was referred the of the subjecttbe Amtriea sailed, when be would be brought before amendment bf the United States Patenten shore with the cream of his company, to return of- now ficially the visit of our Supervisors. It was a markedthe equinoctial storm was raging. In the"W'an 'foas spatterlag.Wiacaadnis all eager fortheSooglisfrayCede elansc. Tke was a failure. the Prince of Wales to Canada early in June. attempt Alabama,Wsslaaippl ami Ijooisiana will Insist upon in imme-—withremarkablevigorduringeventbeshortinterval andBall-ora:railwaycontract. that has already elapsed, and the cbances of a terrificrespective patent;approved the section giving paiverrately arguing the propriety of expelliiig tho Chi-^' now,•'for the comest grows fierier.Tke Tammany Hall delega'iaa net ver'.erday, al Legations.;true peiiod when the people can abolish Slavery in aSOB, aad organizedby tke election of Ubab Ricsi!a:ii> as Chairman, with Pnia CAoaia and Imn C. Srsn. Cia as Searetailes. Messm Fowlxe, Csowili., Sist-^England and Fiance liate lalten dowu toei/ ts-were dispersed.Tha Ctsrnole d« Rome, of the 7th, has the appoint-ment of Gen. LAaaucukZ as Commander-in- Cklaf ofthe royal troopi.The ofiicial Giomotc of the Two Sicilies containspatentown Government would not. below up to the crown. The hair is tlien comliei In the deoate which foliviwed, it was state.I that bacK, braided with silk, and worn in a tail that justtbebest subordinates, among tbam myRussaix, and Chbxch, wereta-morrew morning. The Tammany men rcndex-policyEnglandto tlie giving patent richts cleansground.on'ya Cammli- tea to report aames to fill vacancies, and willpolitics pilvliegetolea,appointed,.Ikrga uarose from a de-the circlet bf black haLr hml tjgether,o< iniS' 'f ana ii,., tniui viuiltcjtmg»«• at the Mill'st< Andrew*! Hall, Mayor Wa«s is here, asrei^omincnacd anHoase,our own passed away, £ngl:iud was returitio.4 ( iei;eTh.-y are aniin-aad tke Woodsuch lans tiod otKeMllriilt^aill influence for Ilift, laying his wires threwdly, and appar-and bothtor will have tiie preference, aod receive the patent. So, also, if the Inventor apply within two years after the patent issues to such stranger, he will receive the patent.IBBrKdlDSKl'S OifiAM ON MONT.WALKki'S TEBIIaatly caring no more for the duUea of the Mayoraltyat liome tnan if he had ber-n elected to serve lacelega-questthat 1 should, because neither tha Seen,CbarlestoD Kls has beenFrom tke Constitution of Saturday.For the present, we pass « ithovit comment thei uiUeve the members from Oregon aad Wadesire me to give up tha Soperlateadbtcy.The steamer leaves on the SOtfa. If a aa^ gaeiperpetuaUy. delegationrefused tickets of admir>ion to the floor of the Co i- entlan by the advlue of Judge Smau^t, Chairman of the National Committee, although the admtsstons were granted without qaesUon tu Hicqho.nd'sttOB. This act has called downsevere animadversion of many of the Southern deie- gatea, and the Committee, 1 learn, have since rejolveu to reconilder the declsicn. It is»Ukaanews up to the 6th Inst., to the effect that the lasur-rection had twen suppressed, a^r an obstinate com- Mr. Brown exhibited a hot-water heating apparatus, again, the Chinese universally wear woDdensolrdut there- testimony of Hon. R. J. Walxxs, which has been so out, it must start that time. This namr,had aDouglas and Anti-Douglas fac-and stated thnttheSp-or tofilm,Delegationrefreshins but not altogether inharbuildings,In point of fact, the ."• I^r'.gy*.^"''' "P '" » ">*. the AnU-Dougla. majority:between himseU and '"e*his reply contains much of iiiformaUon •"'J* ;.,i*^*5^.« towltyIntoathreat torttstressed the ConTentlon,do. 6s, Vlii@9-2H5s, bunds, ^O-ao?this great work,It %11 be recollectedan"°'""yP<=">'.and the driving<fequotablechange. UnitedStates6s,bonds,J668,Nahe has con»«ilf.-•appeal.T waTft^yaHMflT^nla represenUOon wUl pro'iHDly e* «85to "• organisation. TheiI02<al04;; Pennsylvania 6s, tx>nds,—Th« mtbtieious uordeb. The authoritieslieve it was some gotten vp tfyolHers h':gh lli autUarity."bigger porUon sfKBn«S(ni>l»-«t least, such U Ike present inS-:;iFennsylvauia St. 84;byCongress,Souther" rioted In our streets as a whirl-delegatioB atfurvv.ird.policy. If an Irivcntor f^ntm to the Patent ilai-.t iji the use oi tl.o pomatum, the on-y except'onstbe lb; upoB Judge;conEcqucat-SrKeanpsaarse.dthatgiven to the Wood men, whose stockConsolsto (U; .Massaciiueeits 5s, t>ond8,100'dlOJ, ex-dividendprobable iiiddenly gone np since this little explosion.in the United States District Court, has. confirmed a decision of the Land Com-a of the Pacificbeof heat Bogardus explainedJudgeini.'sioners in favor of the claim of Yallxjodittothe magistrate.considerationwithtbe viewmeeting yes-eiamlae publishtheletteroftheCaliforniadelegationted for the Prendeney, 'and to-day another name ie 1C3 ; firat Pemisylvanla Central Oa,added to the wi^drnrals. Seaator Viif,o(mortgage, 88990. LivaarooL, Saturday, April 7.ever remain ato allMoETAUTT.—During theweetjSuctu,. wko lias just arfiiiidiaaaaimeaa klmself as the bearer.willmyseryexcept thosequarters of an hourgainedapobit. Theaudiencewasgrea'lyamused,takensteps, to change tlu lisu of action of tht PreeuUatsayticketsday previous.ciofted7ui at 94?iMfj.apparatus, however, degrees may|AUSTRALIA.Aubualian adrleas are to the 18:h of February.disappomtmenL present veryaad were aU ready tor the Uttia fight wklehhappened yealeiday. ,pnm the Aaeoeiated Fisai. Caaauktea,Sadiy,April22.The city is thronged with delagatea, in fltll at- tendance,ofnearlyeveryState.TkeNew-YorkconteattngdelagatkaaanboOieon- buoyantandalighUy higher. Ashis dull. Conaa IMent. Mr. WocD is working wtfh gtdat anargy, and firm. Oils In little Inqnlnr, and prices weak. RioaCAIiIFOKNIA.when the Eqninactlal aleni nrfad for 34kas made eonalderable haaawky wia Wartkaia dda- gatea, eharglag tha SynAiM dalagataa vrith AboU- tioaism. Tha New-T«rk light ahamba, for tha pres eat,moreintareatthaathaPraiMMBy.Noanasaaoatohave tta aUghtaat opinloa as toaadCaaatry News, dee.'asa Oar Owa Ootraspoadaml.Baa FiAidSOO, Monday, March 2S, ISM). 'telt^hfeoeaftomby Overiand PonyExpress,Utah,bt««ght which left Saa Fraa-tke nomlnae al the Soutkem' which reals delegatloas,pany's lines,which sufferedby thelateflood, aredays8c.e85«c..;rGo„lMd BSnll^U^oSBJrU?^*"?*'*'^*''" eondaaaaquiet; lafactIk* C«iT«BdM wW be OrgaalM^. coas here seems to have any fixed aad determixed cinnati and Pittsburgh.areeasier.SACBAaixBTc, Wednesday, ApsU 11—• P. M.thenothsmlenlato'l 'MMdabnfMr.Socoiaand aU are hanaokiOBa so far.aU tha rest are at sea. SMieely two tbaonad ttnagen are ia the City;llarketa by Teteamph.CiRCiBFATi, Satiuday, April 21. FlOVk in fair demand at |5 60^$5 66 forWoisxT and stea^iysoBUage through (he had light winds, and almoit everyhourhasFrandseo Bulkhead aad Sea WallTRANSATLANTIC NEWS. IrriTa] of Oe Amciita at BaUroXisuperfine.Ussa Poax at tl7 25atl7 50.ItAin iec.#10Mc Money demand equals tbe supply,at 10^11 ^ cent Sight Exchange oa New-York seoand in If 3, her third in 100, her fourth lu 102, thig citizen of that county, in which Dr. Siorx was shot ftallroaii thalMaetSHaMMWMnkaabsea Mat, aad I will eoBfine tkU diqwaeh A FrcBeb Frtscrit at the Bead of the CoTTOir Sales unimportant, at 10ic.®I0ic.; lu the MexicanJOHN C.Whiat activeWashoe mines, but as it Is there arework was conducted, aad (haPapal Jjmj.HEIUI ABSESTEO ilO IMPRISOREDFreight of Cotton to Liverpool, ^id. changed.Wagon- road on tbe rout* he advacaiee.* A fewmontha slaee, the Pr<« wa(Ininrrectioas in the Kiagdom ef tke Tw* Sicilies.Commercial and Financial InteUigenoe,The Boyal Hail steamship America, Capt. Uil-Theues to beare being discovered every few days. The probabili- on the desert near tbe eaatoa baaa ofties are that we shall have a poptilation of four thous- vada Motmtains. It was also derigaad bj^flia7tk, via Queenstown 8thNaw-OauAHB, Saturday, April 211The increased receipts of Cotton at all Sonthern being sent to this port, which would be InconsistentBut while Secretary TEOapsoa, vAothe cffideit serviees of T.ufn.j i)jr paytay l^PM tra price, was laying out the (rf jk-frombut fit what aray, no *<me but arrived at Halifax on Saturday morning, and at was statea in yesterday's market.XAB,LiverpoolInst.,porU should be 762,600 bales, Instead of 340,000, aswith the Powkatan's going direct to Acapnieo, as pri-Boston last evening.Tbe steamship Vigo, from Liverpool, 4th, viaMoBiLB, Saturday, April 21.Cotton in more demand. Bales, to-day, 4,000 will be that we shall not see theall of whom well. ShewastoleaveyesterdayforNew-York.fromareRoyalMailMorris Canal, 50;^ Sight Ezehange on New-Tork at par.commnalcatioa,passengers,to thevices of an englaeer wera aot rafalNew-York, The steamship Komaionia was to leave Southamp-steamship Asia,;Island lUilroad, 12: Pennsyfranta Railroad, 3iX.abimdanl speech-making. Tnehead of the city, two or three Judges, our militia Major- Geaeral and his staff, Gen. Clasz of the United StatesArmy, almost tmattended, and a few citizens, have boarded the corvette and tendered their hospitalitiesare lis. ;Flour, $85V100 Cheese, Coffee and"*ton on the 9tfa, for New-York, in place of the which had broken her main shaft.con, 22c.®4(lc. *Ctbfomia,Latham, Hon, Charles L.A sltip was seen on fire,were all gone, and a schooner was alungaide of her.GREAT BRITAIN. The political news is unimportant.HauAK was arrested near Derby on the morningweekly exports$771,600.$80^ thousand. Wood sells atsuch IS the confidence felt in the mines that men payafter presenting me, tn the presence af, off theands, apparantly an American cotton chip. Her maststo the Admiral and hisbeen at their command and the International HotelIt was supposed that the fight would be indefinitely postponed.;April—ScUIyIsl-men. Carriages have always$25 fl cord. Yet~ BcaoB, yoor joint letter of April 4, re let the matter lie until further notice,BonuHa,tb.Hay sold to-oay for-$1,000It was reported that the Greet Ettem would bemadatoaaltetbe South In a demand fertheSlare ready to sail with the squadron which accompanies amendments, and advocating a change In others. In pouring down in floods. While the storm was at Itsmer.ts at tbeaa delegates, attemptwasa a ofmade report, approving portion the proposedtheir overcoats. At noon it to the water began rain,discretion of the Cosamissioner, were thougut advisa- up t» the Supervisors' Room, In the City Hall. Here diata «dopti«D. If unsaccessful, they will In high The reported for an oSensive aid de- ble to have, should be retained in the Patent Office. they were introduced to about forty he(&ds of theFRANCE, dwdgeOD. aid martial array Timese ye ranehe. Vii- ne|otiationsfensive treaty between France and Denmark ara con- alErmatian of the Cincinnati platform, but rather tradicted.giala and Nora Car<dlna wlU be content with a re-.than baTB any Soutkem dlsafiiection ia the Conren- liaa, they will join the other States, and endeavor to farm one harmonious wltole on the above clause.Tke (abiicatlon of the Bnehnaan-Walker letter hasregardJuly 12th was a reply. River line, whicb is the central, ia tltat*^Accompanying this is my statement to the Com- to emigiant travel. If either ot these a'^a nice little naderground arrangement in favor af tke Bltimata aominatian of Waubs.lir. Sainona's friends are pressing bis name in in- £a»a'jal qnarters as tbe proper man to fiU the WsiUier vacancy, and said Ssnoca has a host of friends.A general cursing Is anticipated to-morrow, when we all get into the tlnventilated Hail.The Turin states that in Opixianehim, thought that the system of models should be en-tirely abolished. At present the models not only pro- days dnced confusloD inside of the PatentiOffice, but it re-were by outsiders, and that briefly. After sitting aif hour and a half, the Admiral excused himself and hisserved my rightI submit the whole to an impartial public with thistemporaryIn view c' the fal8«* reports made b* Mormon traders, 1 think It advisable that a small party should be plaeod at tbe South Pass, at the commencement of tbe pres- tnt se^isoc.emigrantsble Influence on the export trade in the southern de- partments of France, and considerable orders lor wines and spirits had been received.1 would suggest the employiMBt. Bhbop, Esq., Chief Engineer of the Kirk I^ who Eiudieu these roaus with giaat case, 1 known as au efficient and accompltshailFrance.Prof. OxLAScs has been appointed Minister Extra-oiciusrythe specifications and drawings. The drawings andsworn to support, 1 adheredroruidered the refusal of the Cjnventron to .-^uomitAeightand retired. The affair would have looked in-comment only :That the that Wiih such service as Mr. J. C. Cmpaau.'salwoftht^Dlfcivat.««MJscaree, at Jjgold. Saturday, April 21.laat laa»X.she was20Ji days from New-Yort toV.epreacBtailvasNEW-YORK,MONDAY,APKIL23. liOU..1 If JLComa lira.quiet, at 6«e., on the spot. Bab Savaa, U. IKd. OaOkra MmfaaL Saglea, 46a. «d. Tha Biilllonln tha Baak ofOaa— sales inlaapottaat. Taimwhad decreased HATkaMAkKlT.Therival af the Aadiew Jaekaon la 89 1-4EnglandThe Havre ConM market wai donstock in 33.000 baleaiNew- weekS,O0ebales port WbbaiWehave;Ofiaaks tru oti^nustr*, 106l.i do. bmt, «8r.received tbelubjoiaed additioiial in-.steady. LAan steady. Wbaluoiii qalet, but tend-CL>vai,AiR>,Saturday,April21. The Cleveland and Pittsburgh Railroad Com-TbatTootiCleveland andhome the for palm^^^^^^^the lOth last:Get F. W.aad just BOW Atoa Ui paMrihr fBdUM laand on twth tbe Bellalre andBieubennlleroutes,betweenClevelandandCin-eooitng In more plaBttfaUr? a-•nd» affairs *-»--.»».j,Pittsburgh,the shortest telp, by six hours. She came In firing rockets and thundering a salute fromunaltered.—sales of the week, 6,250 bales, against 7,0no bales last vear. Receipts ahead of last year, 109,000 bales.dayseMa. XmSExchangeha* isaaiM farbales Middling lul(c.®10HcFUladelphla Staek Board. PHaaniumA, Sattirday. April 21.Embassy.Stocksfirm. State PennsylvaniaRearilng^Ralitoad, 20^Fives, 95} ;TheTheamount to POIiTTXCHNIC ASSOCIATION.GisTUMXB:Trade af Mobile.MoBiLi, Friday, April 20.;underof memorialising Coagmt, if thought advisable,uitu the States of the Church. The result was notThree divisions of Gen. CiALPiin's troops have specifications. As t^ien engraved and printed they ornaments. Over his sandals he wore thick cow-skintaken position in tke Romagna, Parma, and Molena, will, probably, be President of the Conven- Fejiara, Bologna, and Ravenna are occupied.arrangedgaiters, that defled the mud and wet of the streets.nantto thatact underits nuiland was, provisions,void. SoIregardedsuchaction,audthereforeitwasMr. Oution. If te don't, i( wUl be because he thiuis it tea hot, or else becanse he thinks bis chances forSPAIN.Tbe Madrid Gaxette publishes a decree degradinghats that rendered others had immense fancy- indescribable and undreamed-ofcarry out the of eagMaHmix$10U per too.CAVPBiti.,,promptlyanddistributed to theI send ayou copy, p'eservedcutcbeqcs.A diepateh from Naples of tke 17th says the officialofimporting iniinorementsas it I bad ceased to exist, an.i ii-.bat in the streets and hoases. The insurrection at Uessina had not yet been suppressed.which consisted of a boiler entirely encasing the fire,byeoBspicuotisly heralded to the world. Instead of an- swers to any interrogatory, it seems to beja carefully-fore, resolves itself into explidt atatemeata Tearkliiryland 6k, tionds, 9i.i9«•ylvaida botids of 1677, 86© S7; Penneylranla Cen-A Mr. gentleman representingNew -York shares, 42 dis.from contraction and of the expansionciiitm makes the title goodBin.for years over some 60,000 acres of land. Therehasbeensometalkofanoppositiontobe putupontheIsthmusrouteto New-York. Tho story was, that Commodore Waiaur (lately Va.vdss- BiLT's agent here) was fitting out the Bcrmartn to con- »iiam Montreal 60«82 as yet have failed to anravel the mystery con- nect at the Isthmus with the Sncism for New-York.difficulty.^"/(g"^«Ji»r"f to 'w98 MsjyiandJerseyCity.thatCol.ofL.^ J^SSa^'X91 ;«>«;omortgage,Erie convertlMea, M9S0do, thirdopera- come to tamper with tho tional facts will come before and Is feared the carboys, was into Court, and tbe officer or-;evening,anybodywlromighthe won, and the prosecution; Ohio 68, 1676, U7««6and brother has, al the age of,Virginia ia, 1688,6s,At this time the propriety or impropriety of theplan is not a question with -which we care to deal. fame as;Ulinola Central 7s, J^, (freeland) 89S90;do. 6s, 77 nected with the murder of the unknown female The Hrrmann isart:^\Jt^'f^, iui„ noMtrSmmp-; do. second81 A83The Coroner's jury are to meet %aln this (Monday)for threelay quarters ofan hour Id the spyVlrglniaCs, 1886, ;CenUalCs, Ssa87; lUlnois Centralwhich tnesessors hold, and removes a thick cloud laat hi3 hungas it was a i>rlvate letter," "So.v report anwithoutaverage kuslness, Alabama 5s, bonds, 76'377of -.1 letter of positlv* iaillaatlna ftnin Jsrv. Davis. published on the afternoon of thaMh, atfl their con- Many rumers are afioatamongst the populace in re- but nobodv ''ntsJustice always looks sober Inlaughed. Mr. Davis says ba wlU aetataad, evan if asked to do aartktL'iographed to ^ueenstowm Ik seaseo for tka ference to the identlloatlon of tke body, the motive our latitude.guilty of an act t/infiieUttt and bad faith i»«i«* sifjuld boys 39, glris JL Adu—lts 4A«hadnrMiMalaf«, istvoke hia severest censftre. Indeed, such cmduct lemales 63. Colored pandhuX' nera wan ISdsath*>o,butofferstogoforanyIndlTldaal•atofrixwhsm GoodIrldsy,anilalsoto ThareUactor,X^.j^The friends of the measure say the will appointeeSenator WiaVAU, kaa i^^^f^:^:^^'"""-^.,•••partlyTheIs wholly mistaken, or IsFroaMtiaat,d^iagkrUga a eimaidetaUe number of the •ema of these lattn-, however, havinglie. for bothScoax duU and easier, but euoti-theof tarred xiast.Mining newsdraws ao as tightly^SS'ifsrs.?"^;Om.slowness of a ateamar, and came They were rather aoie and resty whenRici firm, and aU qi:autles slightlydrag broken loose from sonaething tsusual tone.over. JacksoavlUe sHU reportsCABIOAB. _—_._-laplaeodby«t,.f Ml^.rf^LiverpoolIn thUofMr.WALXai the naming of the ted. in the absence of aleplv.eoa.. ' "^ kddraa-dtotheby CAimau * Taaiaaratfia. W au'estimaMrdaaage^taoo.Cut eaoKr—<J«dfeBdar for (»,4I.M,H,«3,M, 6S,6«.*9.Bo«onT«3^\ Ct^'for Money, S-SBtrtawiiacoa.8ia.Md, garmentswerefastenedtoitwith piecearmy Utah, iswilln^„,"'"f*^"astothe oon maikoia previous to Friday.andton-we think we have.:Ml>i^"f'K:nrnedthe by rail all the wayday prevlons,Washoeimmctn. The market! wore all closed soAnknown here as Mr. Hatwabs, a son of83®8ri;most obodieateervaat respeetfuUy, year F.W.LANDER.i;388,aaaCBTASDlnOMAL JEOK CALUOSnA ATO OAMOIT;prices auchaeged. Bsoon 7;ic.'»7!ic.had her sky-sails set This Is her fifth tripCapitol to-day, betweea Mr. Bxu, a member of the House from ElMobhx, Friday, April 20.vereleast agrass to keep tke cattle from starvation.Milling operations are also retarded by the ireafli-er. Had tbe season been favorable not less thanfifteen thousand persons would be at work In theof the Interior to have anthe country near the yet unfixed bomdaiT nla, on the eaateia slope.Statestrade.go she carried the machinery of a mint to be estab-lished In Northern Mexico, under the Pesqiiiera Gov- ernment.It has become questionable, since my last, whetherthe CaiUminerro, whichPlotJR quiet but firm at $6 12 for super How- to our port, left Yokekama—the distance between the,Exchanges un- PfULASBLPBiA, Saturday, April 21.accounta of tbe aad wUh'- vigor eaergyFlocb firm.•1 73; red, tl 36<a$l 92. Coax dull. Pbovibioiis quiet. Mass Puax, 918 26. BACoafirm. Whi9kv,22^c.about original lead increases tn richness as It eOatin-;white, $170®onlyeightthe advance ard-street and City IMills. Wbxat firm ; red, (I 46'3) two points is fortyjmlles. The Powhatan would faropened, and new ores of determined valuethe erection of tanks «BAi-Tiiioaa, Saturday, April 21.broughtguard;for white, and 70ce73c for yellow. Wubet scarce ata2i(c.«22He.but she wouldThe corvette's offi-and on the easternnext Nothing lean prevent this unlam it be the dan- gerous condition In which we are placed swing to the absence of all government and legal authorities. With anarchy and bloodshed them in theexceUeat;City:In- The Japanese have availed them- selves' of these cotutesles only to cee some of our fonndtles and large manufacturing establishments, At the opecing of the regular meeting, last and to meet on shore our dignitaries. On Thursdaythis communication.I have learned that you baaed yoorhad a to expressed willingness give optendency of the Oveiland Wagoar-oad nporf menta of my report and tbe remaifcl oT BfGot. Walker aud tlie President.OFFICIAL STATIUIHT OF THX AFFAIB—ASOTHEB fer to future work, and tbe emploimeat ef'Uniud StataB Patent Laws—Water-HeatinBdividual dtizeis.as new auriferous leadsdiscovered. The silver-beariag districts have spread over a distance of one hundred square miles.&e.week, Mr. Fisher, Chairman of tha Conmiittee toproposed Laws,LkTTka FEOM EX-GOV. WALKER.WABBiRGTon, Friday, April 20, 1860. To tke Editors of (he NoHotuU Intelligenctr :and Superintendents-Extracts from F. W. Lander'* S^porf ir'aMkl^MW.were published in book form, atptiaheclcallyundertheirproperheads. Tuesetx>ok6coDstltutedareferer.ce to which every inventor, or person in any The other olTice^ exhibited less finery even thai way interested in a patent could go and ascertain their superior. The head-gear diHercJ. Some of whether there was a prior invention in any wayio Ihero wore broad-brimmedterfeiiug with it. snu in a great number of instances,my duty to opt>ose it.But there were ot.'ier reasons. The programme smallexpedttion over the road. If inatfaatteawcrefinally adopted did not, as pretended, sur.ini: even immediately given, a party could start ibaaa Aa bor-;colored chapeausg.^od, yetuitlinateiy tu find that he had been mis- shapes, but all were cushioned within so that thecrown did not Inclose the head, but merely rested onthe shaved portionsEufiertd from drought Tae mining intelligence was Issue until nearly a year after the date of the latest fast by two strings, one passing from behind the earsprevails every wliere.aatis'atlcry.' Copper remaineo firm and In demand, athe would otherwise spend, believing his to be patent"tion submitted was, For the Constitutun withSlavery " and " For the Constitution without Slave-;" thus by a delilwrate fraud from this ry excludingvote constituting an overwhelming majority, who ail,ofThe music has already l>egun. The city is fill- Business continued dull. The pastoral districts had able purpose, and besides this, the books did not dressed hair was not disturbed. The hats were madeam not responsibleI||,'perfect,utterlyfailed toaccomplishwere opposed to the Constitution. And this was the Cabfsxwuil.l YouMelfaoume advices announce tbe suspension of N. braries in the United States. The recommend- deiiiig why we should treat so graciously the Japan- reportIPSV6LA8 promises to be exceeUiiigty ilveiy, not tobitter. The warfare against liim has commence-i & R. Grrirxainoz, who were interested in tbe Geeloog ed that tae engraving and printing be paid for by tbe ese, vvnohaveso little comparatively to give us inmyclosil-gmyinmostthoughts,andneverintendedto titmeprleybtehiantgItshureieeLdidveirseidonmsyoftheWa ^fl.^rv-lee,-THE VERY LATEST.JCy IILXGEAPn TO QD«^BTOlTK,Tie New-Tork and Pennsylvaiiia delegailens arepeculiarly inharmonious on the Dvuglas question.To aKntioD the name of the LiUle Giant ia prevcncaaf a member of either of these dele^atiaus ie tj f etUes, sajB General LAUoaiciaax was received at the Englarid did not in America. When patents were ago, however, nothing was so fashionable for dainty„.ckeerfuUy defer to lafffiflj^aagt-acrlnmage are brightening very fast.ter'erence, and recommended a with treatyreciprocally protecting each other's patent.England,are diflerences between tbe two nations. Tnewillingness tomemt of the sort proposed,'' for such ts miaSBt laa- guage. Tbe whole affair was in th« haajtff tae honorable Secrets'-) of Interior, who has -Maagbt itwake up a prodigious rumpus, njt ea-sily qutlied, Vatu-an.bard'lr ia has claimed tke polltloal prisoaers of theThe Secretary of the DuXe CASirn had—then laws mutually protecting euch other's patents houses they were so scrupulously neatof 'Jie road,8endlng me UtewbiMhasaagi- neer and superintendent U> eipeod U..B—bbk—W=r.-e-a1d.y-, prior to your application to me, giveiito the attendance of witnesses in in- Compel cases ofnese,tainly.lapanese, as here represented, are generally of less stature than the Chinese, and equally devoid of any semblance of a beard. There is, an impression thatmyto the South. It was all in their favor, to the exteutNeither could it imply that 1 didoUf. DlDbin thatit would be thoughtprincipal publicli-pater.tefsinproportiontothespaceoccupiedbytheir thewayoftradeandconxuerce,whilewearedelibe-o*n claims totograuted by both Governments upon the same basis, nien about town as to dine at the Chinese eatmg-impossible mase equitable Uws protecting each other's patents,LoohoK, Sunday, April S.A ilispatch from r.ome, 3d, received ntii Mar. because that which constituted a good patent in they are more cleanly than the Cliinese. Ten yearsto preserve the equilibrium of the Governmentdorsed fully tbe Ored Scott decision, and especially to use the remaining balance of motiey et UHi Westrthat portion of it (always maintained by me) th.it the ern(against States) to the Surcol Ranch, on which stand the cities of Benlcia and Vallejo, and whleh New-YorkCentral7s,8'J stoodfortenyesrs,andthitnoinjuriousrustor Involvedpropertytotheamountor(2,00u,00ii.Thede-being fitted up fer eo-jie- lUehigan Central 8s, 1869, 823 found bmlted, gagged and sunk at the York- thirg—for a sale, if one can be etfected.WuogotIt orwhetherItwasinaccordancewith busU,andscm'^^C,?.'!,!^ oftbeoK^: do. 7i, e9S>9084 ; ; Saturday,up, patroBBM Mr.VVALxaa'sortheI'resldent'splan".Isnotputin p^°b^p;»dVp^-;;^rpSSSx;Erie Rallioad 7s, first mortgage, 899One night last week the box under whloli the officersaysit wasgotten;naortgage, do.<do., 1885, 1029all the world will usdentand UmaffairThe Brokers' and other Liverpool cirvulara ware who were directly concerned in the crime.forth«murder,aodvarloasothermattersconnectednames, among whom are Dusmair, Qokna and ?„TM .f '*'^f- '"'*"' following is what additional In- with the case, but none of tlie rumsrs are last K eek. He was a clever player, and eiyoyed aa fjr.eitare..,„H.mimd <o demuiahnpUca'^f\to^lsu^b^st;aZnt^i.- wholly "inM^and 9Futi.—At aboat itta'dack^ morafag latw^Xlast a fire broke oqt Ik tellneedea fketmrowaadrfn?^^ ? T"thew yirMLiTiorooL raovisioN habkit.aftaiKNa Corasar Moaais oansed the search toof pitahv which waa found to be mlsring at the same make |«,000 a year out of It. enemies say hebut as far as can be ascertained no addi-to mean, by some member of the Cabinet Hare ailaes a grave quDS- dered under, to see U he could remain there three- tlon. !f an^mtemher of lie Catinel hu sought, or hitsmui'^*bu^^.;flf"fi Co. report Poax steady, wltthuslness in withtheeoatowhiahthemurderedwomanwas willshave outo(ate of his belief. the groundsB0BB1MM.-0. Friday nighttiS^^ old, at Ms. 9d.«57s. 6d. Baav timeconsumersfully Supreme$60,000Court from Saera-n'!^^^fS''l<Vf'^y- I»"n dnU and nomlnTMIn theThe act the removingthisBea.T4!*«»declined«d.«f6. botcher-s, ;^ WisemensaythattheBulkheadbillladead. Butanchorad. CoRoer Oamm, wlro lainrartt^ioa, ftuUy aiieceedMj;p (asteolng a grap- nel to aaamWDg, which, upen beteg brought to the suiteMoftiia.water,wasdUcovaredtobethebarrelaoBually. meato to San Francisco kaa pasaed the Senate and6d.9i^"" p«n»^»i«i» -/^?^*'l2S!rt.' .?"'"S'** »» "• evening soagStaftffs.hnt Ad tiaeai ol a«y waarlag apparel there ia warmth in the carease yet, and a good itoutaccoont, New-YorkoartT- ^•., •'""^^V**or.^ 2^tdoa. TheRails and Bars. tlona unchanged. higher. TBAqai«t,at-^5 ,i"..a£5Wo«WBHf;«mJhism*- Vista" baa beaa that ofLOBOOH MAEKkTS.sticks in the House.249 south Clty,"asente'r,d by burglars, w^o fW«laports the aurketbaea ^aohad to it wera dliaeislble. The pulse at the wristin aU morning youngMoBDMEHiis alowiy towardsvmjmnif Ateor-5«s.slishtlvWitk aU am folk, from ^ Md (3 barrel waa and had beeome en- Geo. AuBBT 8. JoBHsrev, of the efand money, Yestird.yISp-WtasHgM^e^i and coping for tha a^^gMaairiy lai&tiois ofthem, It broughthavtig943j«j<. Bx.Anstc„r1G]^*'but ste" tirely embedded in tbe mud. Itls posdEle that the expected here dally, to take the next ataamer for thaIs. 4iid.ais. sd.they got here, nxjpif firm, and slightly advanced sales at :«s. day, is hopes of recovering the clothing.were also found in hla^t-paiTsTca'tached. The Coroner will eootinue the search ta-andgrows every week stronger. Tke weather, exoeotThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comcord which tbe waa caugnt bythewhich li was at-comes in of theandto JOHBOther arUclea, J prisener was committed for ex"^rt George," as the Ceairal WW.aot ptaiaat ataidingiZt the house of:96,Untitled DocumentImmesfc ••takes,"the faith in SlmUkameeabe formerbattle.courtesy,butverylittlelb. :Rice, Soap, Beans. Lard,Qalekcat Trip yet ftwaa NewTerk—A»—Daya! Jayaaeee BeeeydaaiBuoiara.] TAUzr.— TreanacatafJaftaammSOktaa—Declalon IntkeSareolSaachCase-ItemaafI.w!al'Thenow Saturday afternoon In 89?ex«t;rai^cl.e-ar!.^'^SugareduU; Eastera Crushed.ip7flWtte IfM.^BoatOB-built, and not a /all clipper.The voy-ia elalamdhiU,to the Golden Gate. Yesterday the schooner £m«^, formerly Unitedproperty,sailed forMazatlan, to run hereaftermmtror net the Japanesereturned ta thasum it wascoaatingAs a part of hercar-will visit San The Potchalcn was to leave Jeddo the samecorvette,probably stop aslopebefore the 1st ofJanuarytsryEmbassyFrancisco. day thatthousand. The mining prospects are encooraging.Treasuryvate letters received from Jeddohe Pmckatan does not turn up here within a week, itat their service, the bills being quietly paidprices readily, believingtheprospectswilljus-daymorning thewind, laden with dust, and so cold that men put on" In reference to any further a aot fair to note tbe sofliorlngs tweenthe head of the Humboldt Rtra"'is.- -lthe opinion of the Committee, the system of models height, tbe Japanese,clad In over-alls! acdlshielded by papers.breaks np at Lasaen's Meadows, wlnaM fshould be abolished, and only such nmdels as. In the delicate costly umbrellas, passed from the carriagesMuch andlongmayhave differed onThe model system was at present a great Incumbrance people, each one's ftmction, office and duty being ex-—to tlM Patent Office, occupying a great amount af room plained to the Admiral by one{oi his Captains a man,which should be devoted to other purposes, tending by the way, of Rhode Island education, and who The Jfmiteur notices that the treaty of commerce to confuse ratker than simplify the transaction of lately translated Bowsiica's Ifavigator Into his native with England has already begun to exercise a favora- business. Models, In most instances, were entirely Japanese. This over, the coinpany were taken to the useless, and Mr. Fisher himself, although ia this par- crack lestaurant In town, and given a good dinner.ticular the Committee did not entirely agree with Net a Supervisor got tight, and all the speeches made mittee as regards this letter, to produce wUch 1 re- teoipted.take kls Impressioa as to what was really intended to be patented Irom these, whereas an inspection of the model might discover something entirely different.his trousers a pair of loose, ihin drawers of satin,was sv^oru to support thai law, ,ind so w,is Mr. I^l'- cua?ia:s. I .lid support 't, and there, ore ',>p'j:ed i::e w itliholding ot tbe Constitution f,-om the vote of '-heUpongrewout of thereport, ! ipeopie.It isquite dear,I;)aify,correspOouence provesder him, 1 have no doubt that any exp upon the Western Division, would haaadenergy oeonomy.Mr. BccHAKAH Ofui myself concurred mof tha Patent Office, and;among parties interested in evidently appreciated by the straigers. We lt^7 in tht ronstructiOK of the Kansas and Ne^askusulted In confusion, annoyance and expense outsidesignificantInyoor town,but itstastewasiiu Spring of. >- While n is not expedient to hnOd tbawaMb C- vision frcm the Missouri border, the dtiaaDaaCCali- f<,nda and Nevada claim that some portlan of Ibie GLvemme::! work eball be allotted to them, aad al- lar to tke Powers who signed the convocaiion fur a specifications might perfectly eorrespond in all than ail the finery their company wore. Tl9y were me Coiibtitutioa to tut vote of the people as a cJCi,- thc-ugh I have never heard that thev would o!>)eet toat Loudon lor the Swiis Coufederation. Tdc Swiss Federal Council has addressed a circu-r. liucuiBiN and myself werepoints, and a party having only these before him, aad all men of small stature, but tough and hearty, anl violation of the Ka'jsas and Nebra^ka act, ai:d there unable to inspect the model at Wastiingtoa, ^ouid well-kmt. The Adrciral wore a black suit, and over lore, unCer lis distinct provisioiis, uutl and void. IOne source of confusion arose from the factUiat in many instances the models did not agree witk play. Yet on this occasion, there was more tion of that act, w lucfi Mpatents.generally fancytheseIslandersfond ofdis-glitterabout ourBrigadier-General'sepaultt!e»bi^'.li;and ihtreforeaiidniticent sword and a dirl, at his side. His frock waslight-coloreddaintily painted.mag-spotted with little white [la'ches, on which were writ-Ei'CiiA!iA>' and that the Kansas and Nebrasiia myself,tmibrellas unnecessarynow a Chi-might be passed, with profit and fairness to both coun- naman is the type of all that is tmciean. So brief 'Tei^itory Is when they perform the first act of sover-tries.England now gave ato 'a man who would there are differences that the least observing dobeen exiled.A dispaith from Florence says the Ambassadors of import anew invention or improvement, while our not fail to note. The Chinese shave their heads fromttiis docL'Ine in an t^laborate argument published over ray sigiii-.turc in June, lh56, from which I have never departed.I consider myself, gentlemen, as much wl-Jidrawninreport Gtorrui^e de NcpoUe announces that the rcoels at P^iicr- sire on the part ot £nglautl to improve her manu- it vvitii a (String over the (Tonn, and near ihc surpl.isfromask theof nistory. Yours, ir,i,y, It. J. iVAl.liCU.tllere follow the letter cf Gjv. Walrx* to iLc i'r..s- ideut aad Mr. Bcchaham's reply, wr.ich have .ilrfca^y appeared at length in the Tihss. 1thenmo attacked the royal troops on the 4tQ. Tae reSeis iac'.uriug interests, anil, now tQat the occasion for in asborttall lying on the top of tlie b<ia<l l:kc apartiesforgatheringtoOffice in England at the same time with a .stran-can 1 use myonly make way for him, and that oaly '^j eaager,applyfor the .vame the pntent,Ioven-GOV.and a series ofthe boiler, from which the heat radiatedfining both the boiler and pipes. The advantage of their superior intelligence, I confess I caimotseenote is in some Exaat respects vaguettl^*''''*'pipes laying horizontallyon the tob oftbonggreatsplitting to surround the aukles. As fornow reouired. Let nae .aib.^|Mtand thenFINANCIAL AND COMMERCIAL. this over steam apparatus ts, that to convert water where their admirers discover iU Tae differences Ias Guvemor of He savs the President favored the submission of thettore-The Paris Bourse had t>ean firm. The Rentes into steam requires a heat of 212 degreesConstitutionof Kaasss to the and so he did. people,plainly wish me to resign my place. I vrill tclosed OB the 6-.h ator about tke same as when the heat enters the it is at 212 the Ij, room,guished of the slraigers"iior class of the other.ote,and adefraded,iu!e-Thtt is fully admitted. This has aever been denied.But be says further, that during tne progrers of theI.ercmpton Convention he was advised by Mr. Cal-nocs, the President, tkat tho plan finally adopted,which Mr. Walexb consiiiers a great departure tropa lam,69f.93c.,degrees the water Is notfrcm Washington. If, onlardvlagon theBabiivg Bbothxas report United States 5s deoUaedor over, in thisconverted to s'.eam, and consequently less than 212 be obtained.gateswers, majoritysired me to resign, I shall moat cheexfuiiy d»;<lettcr tu tbemembers from ttK Oregon, and'theirthe wawr toe,account of his <;.stewardshiptomw-Kave da- delegatia a^candle, pjiBtiagbeing the captain of the corvette, wUo ties his frizz ed .'h"Ck in a linot above and lets tne tuil take Oiiit of itself, and the marines and saiUis, whose look at it they had been fixed after the national fashion the day that they had left Japan, and had not been dis- turbed by bart^ers or hair-dressers slacc.Then,shoes ; tiie Japanese wear simple sandals, fasteneda brought up between the and the secondhave named must suffice for our making "distin-year ..^t<|yfpt;»on the ci- mportant matter of State potiey, icithiutraputaUkn.Our Beef and Pork Inspection bill has passed.view,chipder the 2(>th cf bytheir cousins, from our shores. Tuere cer-the statement that action in Kansas was hoetile which tiien,He wore a» « '»u\. <.L F», )•empiwit pt«;,j:f^.ihas beenpleasaataadagreaeMa^'hoan, QLATTCXTB.Candles, $1 *WAsaneroH, D.To tke Senator* assd R^fntnlmtimtr ^. OtBon. Wwi, M. HoiiT^ Owin,«.. ; Salt, *c., eOc. ^ lb.Pepper, Poutoes, Beef, Hams and Ba-C, ApHT}*''CaUfomlaandWesternelsco aaThere la a better demaad for domeaOoaftarhavlag beat,; aqdanMoBafaUSS, Is iiaalaiigAl4»holU quotableBaooB, J8c«17c. Clear PmiT^I win Pad$0RdtaBadaQdvaVf^whadaektt-JMnscoTBdo, liemoneyher deekjo the aatoalshed town. Tbe Andrew /oei- A test vale takealathe AsseaMy to-day, oa the Saa aUaewUchhe beUered hml aota victory for the bulkbeadetk* $13 j) week. Housekeeping is $6a)$8^ day. Luml>er isplaced,are constantly beinginaccurate statement of testimony before the Covode Investigating ('ommitteeverymySierraHevspbtM«8»^Sc.tor Fi,o(dttedtr.and the Spring la eold aad tardy, and is atmonth backward. There is seareely sufficient enoQgh. He has juat coaihuelad tttstaringthe cautious and peace-loving will hardly venturethis way In tbe mdtatalas. Owing to the bad condi-tion of theingly high throughout this region, and prices have inof Congress has been published In the New- York ol this road to Honey Lake. The emigial _not less than tiiree routes to Calilonils. AU politi- pass over a desert upon which tbecal questions, I have faith that you will be willing to money will l)e of very great servteedo me justice by a truthful publication of the facts supplies of pure water. Under tbeas weof the case. that the improvements must be made uppa emmost route, but Mr. CABnaix, who k I send you a correct statement of my evidence over all there lines o( travel, and who waabefore the Committee ; also a copy of my letter of with the iniporiant duty of obtaining foitbei! 28th June, 1867, to Hr. BccuA^iAn, and to which his of Hon in to them, reports to me tbit Ihaact, that it required the snbmission of Ike Constitution to tne vote of ike people of Kansas. To that construc--my supervision of it, I should cheerfully defer ta any new arrangement of the sort proposed.actrequirea the subr.iisElon of tlie Consti'.utiaa to the character of the new road on reaching that Important;and those of my report oa the la-the Slavery question to the vote of the peopleAp.-il,my Indian report, bridge Green River aad awMaliernjy, it deliberately, and willfully, oud fraudulently with- heldthatquestionfromtheirvo;e. Tbeonlyques-in the hand-writing of Secretary^of my letter of the 28!h June, 1867, to which Mr. BLcaABAS'a vvas a reply. Tliat letter, dis-meet the public eye, will show how false has t>een were and areof the just and honest exercise of my ]$ewer in Kansas. 1 believed, and so announced then my anxious desire, to tlie execution oi which my life has been devoted,portioLSwork civilization makes with the domestic virtues But eignty in formings State Constitution. 1 maintained strucdons, permitting me to retaia a rhedidnotbelieve. He thePresidentef acquits;in deference to flwfelains very feascn given to me by Calhcu'<t, the Prweasident of ot the State of Califoi oia, I recommend tkeeaploy- the Convention, tchy this prcultar tavfTiage select- ment ol a scienofiu engineer of that State, wtii J. C.llSdeatha.vics, tnucledge, or emuent ef the President, he has ''en Dcr'artment classified. as foUoWB : MaaS, iofhlaooB&lence..IiSPnCAiai.s, No.^^"""^f'"^^ «e, 48,1.^1 in-to omit the woik on the Central and DiyMoa.I.proper!3«t,tiiercwcre'-%'*V"jwjCcountrytmder fha ptogiauuue of the War Fiaaoa'f Adminlstratian. Be hai toCongT«(anpoB tbe ni)iiet IK yi$is.alongBaUagjectlon to the bill la thathedoa* aotaak UldouHedlytbatha proposed preaestCabvbbll. I have the honor to lay befo 'eastern base of tbetains. The law of Congress directs tbe*Tr^<;q»g'^-igtgLjyt.*4'——~t «^ on itaaeaaoa for, creatingFor the purpose of carrying out the viewsperceive that,for tbe sa importantgineers, requiredpletlng tiie ma.ipitg of tne WestetaIrdeed, my agent hadoJ.i'r frppsrforri? i;tlie6'.h o( .^priJ steamer,£el<l-no.-k. lluw ci'.n 1, knonlng theaa ftaliMd tb» ii-icsi-iiv" for tiigincerlng labor, e)S|specl#>toa|arbar-laii iiiiii iiiitLke my pince oi. the western end of ttaaaml, beware what isfure, gentlemen, upon the receipt of tUs bttar, address me at once, and atidayI», »,W/»»,T, i. •,-'»At tbe instancoof" tUmef Bneoa.Mgll C. if^aiBB.x.r^.^^il^M^S,^:1^ y-'n^i^ll^^^X^L^>— 