 1- i1meat., and wa, «The gallery was crowded with ladles, aad oa mo- with a bullet IB bis leg, was burne limping from. the 1793. Etcdis since then had proved that he was was because Great Briiato wiatnhtsheoru.r Cotton, aU'l we fiially -e'*"p"r^«;P»^'"^.J;^-^„n^o"t'g.^.„,,e«u.dissenting voice A The body of a chili) ahfUt a year old haa bSnOL. IX—NO. 9688. CHARLESTON CONVENTION.FS0CEKDIN6S Of THE THIRD DAT. TIE WMDDELEfiATIONEXCLVDED. fimira OF THE DODGllS FIRTY.NEW-YORK,' THURSDAY.26, 1860.PEICE TWO CEWTS.. created for Ariioitoa FrorialODal riuniiii—t.^sMMl9««gUiand Orr to be the Candidates.ing, and upon Its action will depend, tn good part,not only the probable course of the Chicsgo Conventton> but the conduct of the canvass in Missouri, and every other SUto in the Unfon.and service to a master.' that toePrealdeut shonina—M,dUsetTota.waa discussed and finally refened to a Select Committee, to inquire into tbe^which to in toe they bequeathed na, ahonld be flxeti and peoplecountry."The Democrats are evenIt isp'ovlded that tbe LegialainTe ihallhafeB*The ConTention on ni cncnniTi puTroRH bepdiiiitss. then,pesUI Dl«mt«b to tka Raw-Tork Time*. Chaui8*<», W«<!neid>7, April 2}.motion,adjourned at noonQ.slppl, Texsa, Alalwma, North Caroltna, Georgia and Sx-GoT. BoBnaoR, of Tennimt, died of ap- California.bequeathed CeoMivtioa, Icaowlng proceedings at CliarlcBton, we bad an opportunity tobow BbccrtalB a ttbtg woald be a tradltloBaiy " "oaasiitatiMi.detaratocd that tbe butrnmeBt whleh view the mill which grinds out optoions for men elections are to be made by thepeople. extraordtoary pow-•pluy*ttkamillHomelutnlgkt.Tka TOt* OB tko New-York case la as follows:The Committee on Platform hare just repudiated theClncianatiPlatform,byaroteof17to15,thebe wiltten down, and pftnad, aad tnasmltted to different stanps, from toat of Lotijot and Vaji thcmaatheembodkaaatofthairlMlplitertheiror- Wtcx,downtoeRepnblicanscale,tothatofHickmabers. He has an absolute veto power over allaiid everyactoftheTerri'orialLeiislataro,tnxawUATwcBtj-tkree sgataat Wmo, aad seTca for him, Ane aet letisg. North CaioUaa, Oeorjla, Alabama, lUaakslppl, Texaa, Arkaasaa aad CaUforala Toted for Ha. On(«> aad Leulsiaaa dodfed. New-Toik, ofThe Domination of Mr. Dooatss is considered eer- aln. TbeentireNew-Vork,andapartoftheSoothCarolina delegation, will rote for him.The Convention met at t o'clock.A resolution to appoint a National Committee totoe House, worktog like beavers, franktogdocumente. As the first legislative step on the subject which every fresh lalgn, jtist aa the will of tae moa-- There must be several milliODs go throagh toe Post-empoweredadvice and eonsenta of tne Senate, a Ueolaa-iact for tbe nextfouryearsa joint resolntfon appointing Mr. Oaa, of South stable, and remain to forever. Whan aDniiDf the afteinoon session, Hr. Buunm, ofCarolina; Gen. Doairaair, of BlissouiiMet that the New-Toik aad lUlaois delegaUons ha4same both the time and place of holding the Cooven- tion.the MormonsLtsiilaruie.etc. will take place on toe first MamlMf to May next.aaKkd.Jadge Canar, of Hlsaoarl, as the Cbainnaa of theammlttee ob CicdealiaU, reported apom the con-tothePretidentbythenextsessionofCongress.The oldwhatwasThe report of the minority of the Committee was ground for this movement is to prevent a recorrence ment of a great country. And what did toey were (oond. Dp to toe closing of the mail, not aaccoaspanypotted to morrow. An effort will alab b*.tHled seats, In fe*eT of the sUHag members. Messrs.Umiiii aad CaAni^ of HaMaebnastts;mittee from Alabama, California, Arkansas, Texas,Lahihui and Georgia and Mississippi, and recommends that one and good neighborhood with contignoaa settlements. returned to his master, according to the law o"f the As toe Pacific Railroad bill will be up soon to thehalfofeachoftheNew-Yorkcontestantsbeadmit- ted to the Convention, each to cast 17 votes.Tbe debate on the report of the Committee on Cre- av-Tart, are entitled to TO(e In the CoDTcntioD. dentials was continued until 6 o'clock, when it wasTUi aaaaoaetBant was leceiTcd with ^>pUiiae. closed by the previous question l>eing caUed.:Coetveatlaa*the Richardson delegation feaai miBois,and the Klehmoad delegatioB fromBaaaa*. of Maryland;•f Belaware, who Insisted on the right of tlie majori-ty to be keard. The prerlous question was called.Mr. Wamn pledged himself to demand it when he Wood delegates excluded.alaasd. aad thos oMalaed the doer when Mr. Baoou cheers and great excitement.receiverates. Maps, engravings, phonographic paper and would hardly pronounce the Constitution uncoostl- sent,will labor Bcdolonsly to open a bnghtor fatsrefar APEona.This evening toe Ball to which the aearioBs ef the CoDsiiintioDal Convention are be^, is toe asetoe of a grand Gubernatorial Ball, given la honor of Us Ki-aleaad. Whea Mr. VsmzT's time wasmer fell, aad he had forgot to call the prerioos qaes.prerata'neither parly. Tbe minority would accept no cour-? The doctrines of theindorsed the admiuistratioa of were recognised by the fathers of the Republic.recapture ofrunawsyMack man whom he ca Is bis s:ave? Can he lay holdtesy;the majority would yield none.andJaaiB ficcHASArr as wise, efficient, and truly Demo-Sic S. I' is understood toat toe above speeMed Occasirrislly we bave here a literarr emanation bouDdary Itoes of ct. unties above defined, barens thaentiie Tenitorv from norto to souti, erosnag the St. Louis and San Frai Cisco Overland Mall Roote attheHr. LAwaa^cs, of jumped upon the L<^siana,is is no latitude for them. We have ground jnst received one. Miss Harsibt Faknt Rxxd has if he bad time to write in his own issued a novel. ba.«ed up.m historical facts, and attoB. Fifty cries of order roused Us ire. Mr. Noara appealed to him to yield the floor, that be might with-draw the resolution. He declined. Mr. Mississippi, and other Southern members continually posted him as to points. Frequent points of order were tnken, bat invuiuDly ruled out. Twillghtcame eas. Everybody crowded around the speaker. An- ger, contempt, mirth and exultation were alternately risihle in the faces around, and at one time the pects (or a row cheered us considerably.Distiiet-Attoreey WiTaasmr, of Wew-York, finally aliakcd bia off by a ParU.imentary dodge, which put affthe further cousloeration of the suoject till to- morrow. The Hul has jeea crowded to Buflbcatlon bU day.Hr. CoCHiAXx made aliusloBS as usual to Ills bach- aloihood, and the |uyou< welcome whicl he wuuld extead to the ladies If they cuu'd favor his side of the flail with their preseace. A loD^s and somewhat tedious runiung Lre wai, kept up by him and a Mis- tamsi member on the same subject, till by a voto of Ike House they were laid on ihs table together.The Wood Delegation Iwd the New-York steamerto Slavery, which has arrayed Itself the cITice an answer to the he would answer romarice entitled the H-unttS Sludrnt. It is an ec- against questioa,The CoaavBtioo met at lo o'clock.Vi*^;''HoB aereial baadred who wire were arnilMd totbe floor of the sleaing maqh good feelingsfield of honor. IftheOppositionIsright in his judgment, for there had Deen more run- ouD't desiie to go to war [Lauguter.] It leDgt.: au..,i*dbriei ai.i'-'to'',^,,,^ Interenlogto exhumed at Port Reiiunite N J., by orders of (hehljh—uponthesigu. it is generally believed, ente.Tenttory, and particularlytie lemtivaliif F..rt Fillmore, upon tbe Rio Graaoe, anr Fort BorbHUanat the heart of ' the »«""*• iT toe citizens 01 toOM portlnnt of toeenure ) wi hour protectlor', and exposed iu» daiioDs of hosttie IndlaDS who tntest toat reg"'Se'^Til other resolution, -ere ^^.ballot. Even bets are offered lor the first biliols. Judge tiMALLsr'u aiiaugeuieuis produce great disat-vious to his nomination to any further grant o( Stateaid to the roads, but having also pledged himself tothe St. Louis delegation to tbe Democratic Conven- who advocated tbe election of General Tay- part of toe Constitution addressed itself to toe Legls- to claim a (air hearimr.the samelafactton. fto oue is suited everybody, ;is Inconve'butttirougn toexperl-•iaaoed.The weather, to-da;, has been delightfully cool,ti(9iJacxsoh is a good stump speaker, which is requisite in the candidate for Governor in atbe United States should not exercise the veto po^e prime except in cases where the act presented for his ap-Mr. CoBwiN replied that as all departments of tbeTraabte tB ihacaaplsecrtiin, unlus they embody 'but it was upon sept the audience to remarkaoly good humor. When that hypothesis tbat very generally the voice of his hour eiplred toere was a general acquies-tte blave code, and 'defeat la certain In November, Ibey do.tu-liet, TuoiiAs C. Ravaours, Esq., of St. Louis. Mr. prliiCiple wascarried to an extremeHaisoLDB, although not possessed of any very great tne Whig Party were cast for Gen. TAiLoa as Pres- cence that he should continue bis speech.The retetvUoB-ra^TfettDrspeakera to SflsenBtes, and but oice on the same subject, wsa taken op, debated and rrj^cud, ayes 120, nays 121.ard iftion of as'andard-bearer.say Romas, for the iltatecanvass. Missouri, despite Senators Gaian and Polx,aad an eptlje Nattoaal Demoviatlc delegatioa in (be Ut was, indeed, very much disappoiuwd that the law law, and substitute Stale teglalaUun, Every DodyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069fr.nai.<s«tihe gill's st'p-fi'he'." He vras duly mitred tn jail, at May's Lauding,September.upthe ham-A resolution to admit tbe Wood delegates to hon- orable seats on the floor added to the excitement, butbrought"only one remains. ceUency Gov. Owrsos. Gay women and biavaalemcacy of the Chair. Mr. Cosane said that he BBtll to-morrow.Mr. MosTaoaaBT moved that the resolution for ap-Basst,proceedingsarid was eutltled to retake bis slave, because the Con- stitution says tbat tbo man who escapes, owing laoorticlpa'ed. luslight respite H.pros-the when tbe nomination for partydelegates;ofTbe proceedii gs yesterday were OBlmportaiiL AaGoveinot-elect wasouly inaugnrated, and the M- luwiLgappoinimeuts were snnotuccd by his Excel-ofplaces were thewitb this qualification—Tbat the master could do ttie and South, fiom the beginning of tbe Government so,enanail(>n is at least afrom toe cdnlicual din of politics which reigns bere,li;,:[<{|Excellencyin Missouri his Mr. Eliot was glad to find the gentleman went far- ever they got the chance, and they provided gatesain mannerseatallfes will apply, limiting each hour.to oneency of it, seeing tliat the ConsQtatioo itself While I am IndolgiBg in these surmises aad specn. pfovided in sobs shape or other for the re-CXXDI1I08 OF TBK COTODE COmilTTIE OXT—riJBLIC ? TBI tOWK—LITKBABT.American citizens eliaigiilty to aar'aAa* , acquireto the of toe a reddcaoeot siz mmtttm— gilt people byThe legislative power extssdeaaly to"aUrl«htfii subjecit of legislation conelstent wito tlie provMoaa of ike CoDsiltoilon of the United Stotas, aad set !• contlsieDt wlib this CoaitlmtiaB.''Tbe present eilstlng laws of Naw-Mexieow a* iv as cor sistrnt wito toe provisioDS of tbta CaanMlam, are drclared In full force and effect antil soehliaer - ^.'i,f" 7f#.»®beMr. RcBuisoii, Chairman of the*VermoBt delega- tion, died of apoplexy this morning.A resolotion relatire to debate, restrietliiK speakers to flAeen minutes on all subjects except the Platform) was then introduced,A Southern delegate demanded tlut there slionid beMmi APRILIonAt 11 o'clock.the resolution waa adopted Umitiagpeaking to fifteen minutes on all subjects except the platform, and on that the rule of the House of Repre.ttoBallty of the law, whloh heTHCBieiBbeta,'the~BO gag-lawany subject.to theenmsrances, he was wtlllDg, as he had often tltooghdeclared that he did not see the necessity or expedi-The Cemmlttee on Credentials announced that they would be ready to make Ihelr report tills afteruooa.give his ban ction to the bill. That the Cooaututioddid in tome way provide for tlie raeapture of tun-away slaves he thought nose would deay. Now,what would they gain by having a wrttsaa Coasti-WASBUiaToa, D. e., Monday, April 23, 1860. A brief visit to the Executive Comndttee Rooms of toe Democrats aad Republicans, this eventogtutil 4 o'clock.The Committee on Credentials will report intuiioD If tbar did sot abide by the fnadaaiental wen repaid toe time and tronbte of the excursion. as toe ProvisloDal Lealslatore of tbe Tenitory ahsUfsTor of the Dean Riclimond Delegation. Tbe Wood Dele gation received but six rotes, being those of Missispiinciidea of tbat CoaatUatlea t The Fathersow(hothe Republict,o atshemtstehye called the old men Besides porttaytog tbe extreme toterest felt to toealter, smend or ret>eartoem. ^ The Eiecutlve authority is vested in a toraraor toe fiift nl whom is made elective hy tlte ConrantlOB. He bddshle seat for one year, aod all snheeqanta not be liable to two constructions.that willon atobla to theSoutherndelegates demandingplatform{tlaniclBW. which the agaiaatthe cbaaceaeharter of thePesB,piledlongmavchusetts and Maryland, (the latter T. M. LAntAHUiSuch Is a brief synopsis of toe Cooatitxitiaa for Aa Provlstoral Government of Arizona, aa ailniited tif toe Convention this day, wiih but one duaaati^ voire A fchedule to it srlll be 1^and RoBUT J. Bbxbt,) are entitled to their seats.necessaryfortbe future govern- byAnil-Douglasnomination,butnotakerspresented.It is tbe members of the Com- signed bymade to submit it to a voto of Hie peo- pleforratification. TbeGovernmentwttboataaaa mity. Is wortoless. No Provisiooal Goratawat can f n'orre laws imless supported haert&y by' (ha grand majority. There can tw no donbt, Bowerar, fromthe totheUx. laeeu, of Alabama, pTesented a minority reportalgaad by Messra. Brooks, Dudley, Manaiog, Green,Cartridge aad BatTy, from Alabama, California, Ar- and Messrs. Ebmst and i.aiiAHAj( were awarded Chare' t^^ff'iTtt Is delighted with the movement.thev escaped from him into another State, he wouldask no oilier law than that of 1793 to his hands to fol-low bis slaves toto any otoer State of the Unioa anddemand their rendltioD. Everytxidy knew toat by a Intention to press a vuie upon the Tariff Dill at toealmost every ciansebat wito well 1 digestedit will meet oar|Baoeas, of Alabama, raised a tremeadoos habhab byakilmtBg the floor far the porpose of arguing theaaaab He was iastantly interraplcd by Mr. Whitut, 9; Mietlsslppi, 7; Texas. 4; Tennessee, 9; Cali-his right. The Constitution, to this extent, recognises protracted. The peculiaiiiies of tbe measure harethe Douglas delegates were admitted.The vote was next taken on the Maryland questiondinia, the Envoy to receive (12,000,and tbe Secretary of Legation (1,800 per annum. The Sardiidan;by Legislatare,the two New-York delegations. Tbe Sutes that voted aye wereinto the WestH0D6E OF REPRESENTATIVES.WASBmsTOR, Wednesday, April 2S.livereo up to him, and none would be found to of great importance, and the debate uoon it will be disputethe man — owningserviceandlaborasproperty quali-fled, and attempts to carry htm off witb violence, whither be goes to execute a large marble stotue, for then he subjects himself to the operation of the com- which be received the order snd worked the model mon law. But, under tbe Constitution, a runaway some time since. Tbe report of tbe Commissioners slave must be delivered up by toe person to whom tie upon toe rdecorktion of toe punlic buiioings and owes labor and service provug his claim to him, and grounCs to this city has been before Congress some this without SLy specific law such as toat of 1650. time, but no action has been taken upon It. Mr. The Judge before whom the case would be Lajibdih, toe second oh toe Commission, is also ab-any politl<»l proellrttiea,otrer officers provided tor by toe CVnatlarioa wlllbafilled in toe same manner. Aaall will have the pTi;Georgia, 10Virginia, 3)iMissouri, 1 ;Alabama,fied properiy. But if a man claimingconespoudence. Mr. Bsown, Cbairman of the National Art uommls-wltoout salaries, I Dresnaae we mm.;;propertyworktog1210—so the Dear> Richmond delegates were admitted and tbefornia, SH3. S5 Arkansas, Ayes nays—1 hope for the tietter —aa4;;of harmony for so heterogeneous an assembly, most decideiilj condemned the heresy of squatter sover-that be would not be put under bonds to keep theand been distributed:North Carolina,already been nut to tois pototedspeakerIstions the Charleston Convention is abont organis- capture Ol runaway Begroes owing labor Ctrrtftmdtnct <^ tkt yew-York Tima.Ht. COLVAX, of Indiana, (Rep.,) introduced, mutual coasBBt, a bill providing that the The announcement of the result was received nritb regular dealers In newspapers and periodical^have taken a decisive stepmayttai. He felt badly aboat it, and appealed to the the resolution was finally laid over, under the rule, envelopes, boeks, bound and BBboundareThe debate oeeame cooversatlaaal aad lag the Wood Delegation is regarded as favorable to pound dutiestained hia poaitioB. and made a strong, eflectlTe argameat''; has no minimumsall the mem hers have tent home their families, and more than halfareabsenttoerotelves. ManyoftheDemocraU are at Cbarleiton. Some of them and very many are paired off and home. WbeaSchedulepara^al. The ezciicmeat waa iBtaaae.iegy all true friends ef the Bie aaiu e to dlaeaed furty aalMr.fr«m Mississippi, waa parttcnlarty Tebemeat in his deBaaeiation uf the msjoritj, and was yery riolent 1b his maaatr. Be asked members to conect him if he made miMtatemeLts, and taking blm at his word, theyevowded aroand blm. aad all order was lostAt the end of h s fifteen minutes, it required ail the skill and aBtko>ity of the Chair to recall the House ta a BCBse of its propriety. The qoeslion was theo takea on the mlnorit} report, which was rejected by S6yeasteZlOJiBays. TheresultwasreceivedwiUipsoiosged applaofe.Mr. Noan, of PefiasylTacla, olfered a resolntionjBcliaan Candidate for Got-teadenng bonoarT (eats to Wuod and his delegi-tloa upon the floor of the House. This suited form,waswas the right of Congress to make laws for toeHalf-a-milllon copies of Mr. Seward's late speech.IBibbt, dispute his BomiBaUOB.sightMr. CcBTis, of Iowa, (Rep.,) gave noluy that, atpassage, to support of ihe other view. Now, tbescri'-ed to tbe for toe schedule,convenience of mMpof.Ticket—Clalb.ern»ir—Tboaiaa C. Reyaolds Candidate for an early day, be intended to bring the Pacific Rail- tbe arguments to favoi' of one view uf the case sesrioD. This fact has trtken off nai'y outsiders, lu> publishers, I will quote entire l.lentenant«UoTernaT — Prespecca af the road bill before the House for discussion and were worth anytoing, toey must tie of equal force bylsts. claimants and fashionable people. Sbctios 1. The County of Dofi\ Ana shall comprise''ofnrUk;tber'«(nrl|lit%Mk4MiftteiMdWaaeawl KepBbUcfas;DacGus. No one but the extreme Soothemeis now ties for our country's staples\gives specific du-ofety betog consistentnot that it wasThe town Isnearlydeserted—nearlyFROM MISSOURI.goatFlRtferm—Danglas Delestaies—The Htaie vocates.not as likely tbat tbey were right in enacting toe return it will be oppressively hot here, so tbat about law of 1793 for toe rendition of runaway negroes all the business, except the general and necessary who owed labor and seivico to toelr masters? if appropriation bills, has been done that will be thisTbe Dsmes sDd boundaries of toe ooimties aa de-Oppaaltien Party. Cfreafondenct »/ (4« Ntw-Ytrk Tima,Si. Lotus, Tuesday. April 24, 1860. The last National Democratic Corivention of this State aflbrded a most charming illustration of the dif-argument sron after le't for tbat It is was most tcn, and very place.cordiallyflhair, aad began a stamp-speech against the resolu- cratic. Tbe State nominations were made in the find its root and beginning from them. On the coa- that trie slave v^as his property 7eignty,There is not one doctrine of his party which does nottrary, the doctrine of the Democratic Party was sut>- Ml, CoBKiB—same spirit, all Douglas men were most carefully eschewed, and the friends of Gsixn and Bucuuiajipoints aO'.ve spectfii-d;dent admirers ofthe Little Giant," that the editorial(Rep.,)at the conclusion of auc tetvice to another,shall,on be being recaptored,boat._ HOWARD. only sufl'ered a oefeat at the baUot-boi, out In one oftnronghcrowdinu outside, Convention, oeca-away slaves recaptured by tbe act of 1793been recaptured by the amsnaed act of theof 1850. He believed adil, as he believed then, thatthe Inolana. pass preven'-ing free Digtoescontog thitoer, aod so it would be wi'.h other Free States, oheu toey founrl toat toey werereads as foUowsrevealed^epiaa o' pouaded wladow.glBss la reiurne"! a verdict of "deito m u.e adBilnittalm o: pounded glass, by the CO»- to await his trial luminnomhiee,they..tJ.li hI ni^tlruiiori ^n»ll remal"ontatilze « T.rrl'orial Government,chiefIn the true churchjecttheory and practice of the leading statesmen. North htm at ODi-e to the affirmative;but be answered now cei't'ic title and a still more eccentric work. 1 un-were elevated to theSo UDsatlsfactory, indeed,first two or three days of the Convention, to the ar.(^ers'.arid that It succeeds moch tietter tbau was an-correrponocntthat the Convention was packed, and that all hopes were lost.But a change came over the assembled wisdom ofthe place from wben.ie he fled.Mr. Cabtsbs if a slave was asked,I.ATE FRO.n ARIZONA.to Charleston became the order of the day. Then more than half the delegation was composed of Douglas men, who had all, however, voted for a declaratian ofrecaptoied upMr. CoRvriN—No, Sir. He uademtood toepolitical iaiih, in which every line condemns the would reply to the remarks of the gentlemui. He abomliiable heresies of their chosen chief. had ur.mistakably stated, upon a thousand occasions, Tbe Democratic State ticket is not a strong ticket in public SEsembties, m that hall, and various otherlera:y;great questionaratic strength by casting their votes for some Ikarm. less asd impossible candidate.ABT COMIIIBSIOR—HOW DO tHK ggCBR PRO- year, proridea no se>sioD shall conttoue longer toan thirty dapa.peaceRepuslican platformdown to the time o( Calboiih.packages byntaii atblank or print- ed cards to go throagh the mails at one cent per ounce imder 1,S00 miles, now charged letter postage, by aaa«.d BOt snpply memory to the delegates.Tke MiBottty Report suggested that both delegatioBa after the nomination of candidates for the Presidency. California postage to apply on letters carried by the rights In ttiis respect. If a man owed service and cy tbe idea that the action of bis Committee cannotbe allowed seats upon the floor ; though entitled to bat thiity-flTe Totes, each to cast seventeen rotes, and Ike add see to be thrown tn altematloD.The death of Gov. Rosiseon, of Vermont, was an- overland mail from tbe Atlantic Stetos to tbe Pacific labor, and he escaped from toe master to whom be kept secret. It Is certain that the Cummittee did^*^'4K.ttitflBrniS. »lo«|-«ii^'-'.'^'^i^m^MCttklower House, may be considered next August and did BOt prejjde ttallhe Commlssieners ahoald be ap- by theksews that we would aet be la our preseat posWaaIf it had Bot been (or toe repeal o( toe MlBSoari Coib- talo Government shall be divided Into three~•a ^'<: »«• -wtNovember as anxing the very doobtfal States on the puoet,Biefodr he thProeusgihdtent, withatsaeoeeoDsdeindt ot the Sen-then,(kimEslmlonera acted, not la a minis-anddistinctBla speeeh was generally moderate and eoocill a- and Judlrlal," —Democratic slate. Slionid, however, Siwabd be the nominated, or any other Repoblican leader who stands" the result apon an irrepressible conflict" platform,tory.The Committee rose, and toe Honae adjotinied.WASHINGTON MATTERS. nUIKIHO DOCTMSHTS—TBB TASIFV BILL—Tbe boundaries of tlie Territory are Sieposed for Arizona to tlie hill before CongraM, e>fcpricing an area of 90,000 miles, whleh are Jl ililrttotofour forlocal uiuuaea. counties, pwotiM not only be an overwhelming Democratic vic-tory, but the EmanclpatlOD or Free Deoiocratlc Partyof St. Louis would be learlully crippled, and theAmericans and Conservatives would add to the Denio- of his colleagnes ta iha Cabinet. Under tbeae ctr-WasBoteioii,Wednesday.April2S.has been privately discnssed during the past six afoaths, Mr. Moaits, of Illinois, will urge the paasagesDt Govergor, Secret ry of State, a CaaapttoUer, a arch desired ; therefore it waa tbat they deter- office from toese two tpeechd^pdts. Of coarse, this Treasurer. Marshal, three District Jndgaa, aad aaTreasflry.Mr. BuiuiieAja, from the Committee onihoiightthat theproviiions of toeConstltotionwereall-np.Col. Landir's billproposingto"of the RtpubUean telegraphed home Mr. Euor's speech, rose to an explanation. He un-' delivered up, and the master shall take him back toMr. CoswiH, of Ohio,derstood the gentlemen from Hassachusette to saythat he was in favor of all the (Mr. Coawnr)Free Siate by his master, and toat be triere made bisescape, wou!d he be subject to tbe same law, and lia-agaiastmilitia system, whlcD creates nearly two haadredprovi- sions of tbe law of 16S8 for the capture and renditionA Prorlslenal Goreraneat CoBTcatlOB in ScssloB-CoBBiitntien Adapted—Election of al>oremoi^TwaDays'ProeeedlngaEn- officersand(ourof lugltive slaves.Mr, Eliot—Yes, Sir.Mr. CoaviF—The gentlet^^, then, misunderstoodhis opinions upon that point, notwithstanding be hadble to be ruiu delivered to his master ?endeavored toveryexplicit uponitTima.Tccsoii, Tvesday, April 3, 1860.the Northwesternto advocate a railroad bill If he were nominated. lor, which opinion was taat the President of ture of each istate.assisted the who by gentlemanabuse the ttind made alone can to of ed upon, during the whote oftbat Admlatstratlon,thit toe Chicago Convention. [Laughter.)Tbe schoiiDer Sarah BuTttm, at Boeton, and tha brig BtUitm-re, at rnis port, tiring advices from St. Marks, Ilaytl, to toe 16tb. Taey report tost on (hastand in imminent peril of life and limb from thetbe FugitiveSlave law, that be was mistaken greatlywasevioentouthemoriiiui toe would be «dupt-"^«oy op-toiof Mr. B. GaatE theIf he thought by that means of securmg to the peoolelaws.Whymeasu^,'^°/'«''rt,L.'„^ .,!;rneOi.nventio.., uul it toeir masto toshalie viulentir. >>go, and more paitieiilarlyif EdwaxdBates be thewas a great mistake Ul, replace tbeways bad entertained doubts as to the constitntionHl-fcr toe com.uou defence, do ordilnTi»areaidedbytheRe-Coroner.'aHdallexaroiriaoiDh***self and bis friends inStates,clear andandtire. CcTTupinitnce ^beleast others might also bave misunderstooa him, hewould be as much a slave as and suoject to the before,same law of rendition. In that ca.^e, be answered, no. When he spoke of the slave as property, he meant qualified property, as described in the Consti- tution—a man who owed service and lobor to another;evidence respecting toe letter of ficCBASAif to Walxer, and the testimony;tkt Niw-TorkbypoinllDg a National Committee be laid over antil recent decision of the Department ; and the present tive Slave law was necessary to the security of their were made public. Mr. Covodx old not seem to fan-nounced to the Convention, and a reaoluUon of eon. dolcnee with his family waa adopted. It was also re- solved to accompany tbe remains from the Mills Honte to the boat, immediately afier the adjourn' ment.coast,even if under 3,000 miles. sayCoDSlitutloD provided for his recovery, and when done by tbe witoesses themselves or sjme outsideMr.WamsTtooktheflvortoreply. HetccB Biaates. Ha orged tlie members by their senseef koBor and Ihelr love of josiice to cast Wood fromttea, asd to embrace the other wing. He was fre-fBfBtly interrupted, bnt In 'pite of the storm main- North and South, and the Committee on Platforms in the details, it avoids tbe perplexitieB andspokefif-'jjThe Convention then,at 7and flme willadmit ofo'clock, adjourned.atbrief abstract of i*s leadtog pmvistona.for The vote on exclud of the mato bill laboring harmony. large complicatfonsit Is free from com-againstneces- propri- neceuaryleaving for furtherlalatfoa aay extension ol the system. He appealed to ter. [Laughter.] Bat wben nun come to speakvote for the bill, which, in tiisreturn from CTbarleston toe men tiOB—their daMae, ealarlea, Ae. A praristaa Is awda Opp-rsltton\altbough with their overwhelming vote in the ruraj places, tbat he did not agree with all the provisions He held that Slavery was toe creature of loca Arizona, called for tlie purpose of formtog a Pro-—M. AtOllcb, of TucSOD. JHarstul— ^amuei G. Bran, of McsQIa.districts they could afford to put a comparativelyweak force in tbe field. CLithoani F. Jacsjo!i, thenumince for the Gucernatoriai chair, now so worthilyofthatact. Thatwastbeextenttowbicahehad gone. He had stated that he liad some doubts as to the consitJutionality of that law, although better law- yers tbau he »as, nad expressed tbeir opinion on its ccnstiiu'ionality.law. He knew that the of a white man to work righta black mso, and bold toe descendants of toat man as slaves, was Ihe creatore of local law, or laws of local u.'«ge. The framers of toe Constitution knew very well that toese black fellows would run away when-visional Government, assembled to this place yester- day momtog. Tbe move orlgtoated wito citizens ofCompinUtT—i Hswato Wells, Tucson. ^^ Ji(urv>t]i-6'ei.tr<il— Beij mln F. Neai,o( Gila City. . C»if/ Jui>»—Granville •«. Oury, of TucsoB. DiMirtct ./udgis-Samuel W. Ckizzins and BdwaraMcGu«an.These gentlemen, togetoer wito otoer officers ofminor r}.iik. upon belug ommisstooed. took the fol- lowlDg oath, as [.rescriiod by toe Schedule:filled his erratic Bob Stewart, firstby reudereJ himselfthat would tosure tbem a control- conspicuous by op- ther than he had knuwu him to du before on tnis poiuU a means whereby he could be recovered. tog vole on any question that might come up. Tneposition to Benton. He introduced the so-called Calhoun re&olutlon into tbe Legislature, and thereby incurred the bitter enmity of one of the best haters of bis cay and generation. Benton made the hills and valleys of Missouri ring with his denunciation OfA few steps fuither, and lie thuugut hn would be able The Constitution does not provide for the citizens ofWestern Art zona were almost unauimoustolature, to set themselvef right, and to pav great re- datmned natil 7 o'clock this eveuiag, that they might a foe whom this notice alone prevented from being gard for what was called the " record." Now, hetbat tbe negro was pronerty everywhere, and that he Uulled States.could be seized everywhere, it would be perfect non- The Convention, which conststod of toiriy-twoleDse to provide a law fur his recovery , providing toa) thirteen from Wes'.ern Arizona and nine- the master can follow bim and take blm back. delegates,iiiCumbeuluponmeasen ment ul ibe Territory ot Aiizona, acceroiaf <• *• best ot u<y skill and ability. Kgreeoly to the Coastita- . tiou «Dd laws of toe United States and of this Tern- toiy."avail themselves Ihireof. contempilDle. Thanks to the imprudence of the thouglit that it would be well for some among them if there was no record of their acts. iLaaghter.l Mr. WiTaascav telegraphed to New-York to have a great man, and the Indefatigable industry of the lit- t>e and tils acts re-of teen from Eastern Arizona, was organized by toe tbe negro being property toat toe master could take clectluD of Jas. A. LccAS. of Mesilla, as Presi lent,kaadred guas fired on aecou .tof Wood's defeat.Much amusement <«as ere (ted on the arrival of theasieiten that the design ot toe Conveatioo wascou- trary to toe spirit of the CobstituUou, a resulution was proposed to the effect 'Jiat toe memoers o( tbeThe ei rolled Constitution and scheduteibv the members of toe Convemian. and tlie foUowlBS - resolution was pieceuted fur As it ex-to shake hands VI ith the from fur gentlemau O'lio,in becanse tbe Onio,'ii\j .r;6now, that terial character altogether, but in soeoepromlte.na.: depattmeata, Legislatike,sort in athe Beeeislty toat those parties ahoald bave been se-^b*-that ithave recently been ordered for clculationto Penn-SICtoat roit'on of theern boundary uf Ewell County.comprises all west of the west-capaeitr, and thereforejudicial lectedbythePresident,withtoeoonsentoftheSe-Bato. That was the doubt be bad aatotbaconstita-Tbe Seoate is to consist of vineBoDte of elgbteea—toe whole of whom are de (or one and an additional classe "ytekledopUtonsFROM WASHINGTON.TBS FUemVI SLiT£.UW DISCUSSED. aaeond to the peeple the ttgbli ef bee men ahoDld all over the eoiuitry. Several uonaaad speecnes, o The Governor is tovrtted witoEnteitalnuiK Spcecn of llr.Corwim of OUo.That waetlw gnat Idea.toere Is no appealtoe mllitory of toefor offences against the laws of tbe TevriVwr, a>4 la otherwise Invea ed with tbe aaaal aaibortty ofaxeea- tlve oflScers. He Is also to appciat, brThey tectiredwerefonr or five Senators, and at teast a dozen memt>ers of; is roado Commasder-to-Cblef afand SenatorEsgJlah CenatttiitioB saSnad dariac the reigaaof Bcjntolican rooms. Aronnd these tables were seatedcraatthe Benrya and Kdwarda, the flaataiaaeta, the Tu- dors and the Stuarts. They ksow that the tra- dittonary CoastltulioD of Xaglaad ehaossd with"mined that ttie ConstltntloD they had forned, and is done to disseaitoau knowledge among toe poor Attorney CeneraLTerritory;grant pa'rileaebe- woise toan theand Gov. crmes Decesasry, the ConattMUoB itself piovidas how partitaent hta recently notified Members of CongressTerritory.*>*'——, saade a spaack, rcllectbig bitterly on the propriety of giving the National Committee power to \WeoD, of Illinois, Commissioners, to negotiate with toat chaDge ^ould be effected. Tbe men wtio framed toat Cocuments cannot pass unless the frank upon Tlie elecUen for county ofllcera, members of (he;for the sale of their the CoDstltuiion eDRcted the law known asthe aet of them Is genutoe, and toe practice which has hereto- possessions, on the 1793, and under that law, and under that Coastitii- fofe prevailed of deputizing toat busioess Is there- express condition that they remove witliln a reasona- tion, they had lived and prospered for fi^ or sixty fore Droken up. The Democraia to night look ex- kaea allowed to vote ea the froeacdlngs of the Con- The Committee on Credentials reported that the ble time from the llmite and jurisdiction of the United years. For his own part, he humbled tumaelf ceedingly aDxious, especially tbe friends of Mr. TCBtioa befara the dlfficaltiei In their midst had been sittlDg delegates from New-York, Illinois, Massa- States. The Commissioners are to make their report before these old men, the fatoers of the Repuollc, DoceLAS. Wito tbem it it life and death. There and acknowledged that they knew better than he were several bete of large amooDte offered to-olghtmenontoeof war asd bloodshed, as the h^ory of tbe Mormons say 7 They said that if a man owing labor and word has been heard from there. Rumors of a row In Missouri and IlUiols shows that they cannot, lervice to another, should escape from the State between toe New-York delegations are afloat, and owing to their peculiarities, live on terms of peace where such labor or service was due, he should be have created some sensation.That HouseforconslderatloD,financialandbusinesamen It is alee treated as a question of economy to the he shall be returned and delivered up." Now, he will be likely to pay conrioerable attention to it.Statefromwhencebefled. Tbewordsaregreat harmony prevafUngtbatltwiiibe coroially received by tbemaaB.]f lab- mlttedtoapopularvote. Theonlyobjertteathatcaasyharlaandtbe ftentieman to cay toat a master can lay hold of a in Ike former State alone.runaway horsesmen in this as well as In the other hall of the Legi.^ common law everywhere, if It could be supposed anythat, tnen, they should occupy the same platform.ricoveryrepre- protest agaiust Constltotion of the—Mr.CoawLN Ithadbecomefasbionableforgentle-with irstructioDs to prtion inconsistent with tber. Carter asked wbetoer it was m consequencecloud smaller than a man's hand to the storm wliich be wellfor bim.hnmbieas hisactiwere, if his were bim back, or whether it was merely in consequence and Grakvilu Oust as Ser.ietary. It bavtog beenAnd, if he was to interpreter,tle man, the defectlan from BxnoN grew from a corded according to tnese interpretations, it wouldMof his violattog toe sovereign law of toe State from which he bad fled?Douglas stuck Is on the rise. He has thir- pied DO very prominent place in the public eye. He dent of pmtirg his construction upon the laws, (rom owes bis master, toe consUtotion says the master caa mleooekteidng withtoesmoomveemoepnptotlatsinnot(ronolmy tuuhcoosnestlwtnuo-New-York at the two columns of telegraph lepers,hurled the veteran statesman from "tils ancient, soli-never to be recorded. (Continued laughter.] Inorder, therefore, once for aU, to mase hlm!,ell perfectly utderstood upon this point, he wlshod to say—first, asadoption.plau s Itself. I will merely remark toat itpataedbfacclamation••Belt resolved by toe Delegates of the people ofArizoi a, to Convention assci£bled, toat we eameatly ard paitirularly pro'est asaii.st toe removal of anyuow stauooed to Ariw- uj of any ^atteatary reign."matter from Chailrston, when it was patent that not Apart from his successful contest with Biirroit, to what he had often asserted, that he was opposed misunderstand him. If a negro is property to Vir- budy be required to take tbe usual oa h to support half of It paned the wires. Clais Jackboh, as he is familiarly called, has occu- to the power t)elng placed In the hands of the Presi- ginia, and he runs away from labor am service be toe Constliutlon, This was finally carried, altertybat ballot iDelegation.;United Stalesna or ir-eStotes military post now established in saiaBOW In theNew-Yorkbut if toe m^-ster brings him vjluntarlir tional but treasonaole, wBlle, singular to say. It wastoose who moet ur^ed tne advocatep by siroDglyvotesThey ptol>ably will nut be able lo voto solid on toeiDg Into ttae hands of a Piesideut unfriendly to ttie in- stitutions of the country, in 1&48, when Geo. Tatlor was elected to tbe Presidency, this opinioo of his be-him hackijito Ohio, as he explained before, then toe man had not esenped, had not violated any Isw in that way,mein some cases three to tionof Missouri—*Jtie rail- came to be an entertained. and he was fzee. That was toe law of Ohio. opinioo very popularlydo we agaiM protesthas been Bank Commissioner of the State, asd his policy Id that office will be one of the Issues of thethe fact ihai tnere was the danger of that power fall- foUuw bim into Ohio. Whither he h^.8 fled, and take uponcanvass. He stands in a somewhatA Committee of seven was appototed to preseat a Conftitutiou lor tbe considera-Tro«>p> breakingequivocal posi-Provisional Goverumenibut tMsis««—In favjr of a ablt tor Dqcolas on the second road system of the State—having been opposed pre- especially with the old Whig Party of that dav. In Mr. EuvT repeated toat toe Constitution con- tion of ibe body, wnicn contained but one member ofslaves.Mr. Castxs, of New-York, (Rep.)—0.) I understandof him to in Ohio and take him solely on thealibough thisgentle- man to aek blm whether, if a master took his slave voluntarily from Kentucky to Ohio, tbat toen heleglmentatroops.'.otlaw which regulated this description of property was well understood everywhere, and was decUed by toely r>ppo5ed to toe measure, but seutuelegatesMr. CoLwm toought that on this point none couldof this, during the canvass of 1646 this fers DO power on Congress to legislate toereon, aod tbe minority. The Chairman, wbo evidently is a'caiisequenceopinion was very universally inculcated by him- In support of his position quoted toe remark of Mr. novice in paillamentary pracuce, pursuedaad tbe rash for tae Uall oy the people who desire to where the aspirant for executive honors is expaoed of conitiumg tbe law rested witn tbe people and their must regard toat as the true rea-Jiag. otnerwise we der w afford ev^ry facility for inspection it was deci-to ^"^ ""Vi'^'fee the magBates in Cuuoeti was (airly terrific.The Platform CoBodltee are in trouble. They want to pisas^ all aidee, but they cannot do it., c, "''•^, ,. '„.^dav, and the eapdal Tbe Coaventioac—^te provalto a law for toe of slaves they pass recaptiue fugitive'~pertonallyciilxens In every portion o( the Sute. in this depart- ment uf bis canvass, Jicasoa will be very efficientlyDfoOr other course ietttio tcheateeIt twhaes a step dealga^d only temi-orary use, moment we were pro- video witli a government bv l;unRresB ; toat it was Intellectual vigor, has a mind of considerable activity dent ana (or Mr. FiLLMoaa as Vice-President. Ic so Mr. CuBTis wished to know how much time he not detrgned to wrest toerxiun-r; fiom tile Ainericto Private iiospltalities are constant. The citizens of ano sprigbtUuess. He has hsd the advantage of a happened that he was a memtier of tbat Administra- wanted. eagle, but only to meet our wants in a miauer mat Charleston vte with each otbar in endeavoring to dis- thoruugn culture by books, travel and society, and he tion, and toe princit'te was we'l understood, snd act- Mr. CoBvtm toought be wou'd get torough before would securelaw and order. By ite a option .^e were set-arlnif for ouiselves a essential t<iprotectioniI{of 1793 wasthe people of all the States, to determine the policy out toe consiituiional objeciinns.MeauKhiie tbe cbjectiuns of the WesiernArl^ina were stated, and afrrm dlwus'lonTbe delegatesthai it was the nght of Ciongresi alone,electedby lawjust as effectual as that of lB5ti,delegateso( tbe pabUc of the impreedon give the Democratic ticket whatevertBereoii by the reports ef the extra eliarget and closed scholarly flavor it may possess. Mr. Ritnolds was persons to put a construction upon the la«8, but tbat wliich were all received in a similar spirit. been without, and toat we were merely raikifg4bofS.l*e Ck>n>en«loom» body ef Cov.ttcm the Associated Presa.CBiiisstus, 2J. Wednesday, Aprilthe few llewasiiiemlne this question, and not the President or bis Caoi- solve the Uiiion to morrow necause their negroes run CoigresBtltliuiJhlimeastoatDooy m 'V '« .P'^'^'^ felt at that place. Se.-eral buildings wer« thrawnadjournedat«o'clock, RnBiximi,, of Vermont, to the; 1850 for- the recapture and rendition of fugitive rrcollect ihat these regroes havepetltloDs. enimtnt will ceaseto followto unsuccessfulopponentofFxahkBlaisKwof to fast cannot catch them Dct. HewasamemberoftheSenatewhenthe theybut toey ought toto bfclen to ourwben the ProvisionalOuwD kDd much damage oune in Iffere Dt parts of tba10tbeI2i.bibst. shocfcshaa sevo'al alightmartyrsDemocratic principles la Mlssou-w>» ,„ k., »'hie. rreatleitberthepropercoclety.WiBSTiB to1650, who said he alway.i thoughttoat throughot, and gave the minority no opportunity plan This was notdoae (rom de-T''"1"0°,tTne[/Jehn-«:Government have recognized toe power ot Congress"The Committee reported a preamble and constitu- •iuu at tre alter noon ^esslon of toe first day, and lu or-^„ ^^^,was clearly unconstitutional—that the powerto adortss from the hustings bis fellow tepiefentatlves In either branch of the Legislature— piay lose the benefits of a written constitution. Tbe ded to lay toe c^iisifteration of it over till Tuesday.was highly .ompl.irien ary our delesate, to wnum a voteb) 'be CoDventi. n.with-— Eu«and took theand of the laws and tbat the Preslleat Messrs. CARTia, of New- York, (Rep.,) proprietyplace, luvoivingI0B4question ufconstltutioaalliy.fills tiia candidacy (orornamental position of Lleuteuant-Govemor on the he believed was unconstitutional. Very likely that positions of Mr. Coawia, wbo, to his lurther remarks, giets, b.svmg failed to legislate in our behalf, we hadwas Dot bound to affix his signature to any lawwhichDaves,ofMassachusetts, (Rep ,) controvertedtoeIt urged by the fritn is of the measure that Con- >»asCabinet wereHe made some hits at toe Souu, every well-constliuted go,id-naturedwnrch we had alw^va atbe President not hisenutleo to this honorary olstiactioo, eiace he Is one of the whole people, here assemoled. were to derer- He said, among uth.rtnings, that sone would dis- temp«.raiy provision lor supolylng toe ne« '*"''! 8toto^t. a very beary shock of aa earthquake waato runwhich was a compromise of the law of Slave States before they get to toe Free. Why nut Tae-e argumenu, barked aotowD. Upby SroaJ iccuried, which so alaimc' toe tob«nUaiirs toat tbey(or Coigress from mis Oiitilct four years ago, and nottbe little incidents of the canvass, was compelled to once mentleiied to the gentleman who had introdu -ed fugitive? [Laughter.] Jobn BaowN got up scheme orcer, rad great weigh. -•'.slaves,ehacgeRepnblicanato thisrespect.The De-topower levyanydirect taxuponthepeopieofth*Wben it comes6nflJc:ent to meet the wante and demands of Soutoem build fonr hundred miles of the Eastern part of tbe beurgedagainst itis toat it would ctnaa adetarlaForeign gentlemen, without ai^ amendment of the aet of road (or 18,000 per mile from the Goversment, will be AlTairs, will report a bill in accordance with his 1793, by the enactmcnter the Fugitive [Slave law of put in either as an amendment to Col. Cots' bill or astbe organization, sad our preseat oeiMMttletaMlt ol no procrsattnatiOD. Tbe CoostitoUos ii dedettraA vole was first taken on the Illinois question, and resolution providing for a first-class mission to Sar- 1(50. For bis own part, if ian origtoal proposition. This may succeed i( proper- ly ameiideo, as it is a practicable metood of cem- mencing tols great enterprise.Railroadofficialsstatethatalargeanoonntofbillskaasas, Texas, Georgia, aad MisslssippL , seats. on the Clinton Bank of Westemnort, Md., a broken In tact a sUve. If that slave fled from Virginia into it comes up to tbe shape of a Treasury Note Loan,After drafooaing the role of Loulsiaoa this mom- A vote was then taken by States on the minority eoDcern, are being forced upon tbe onwary, and it Ohio, bis master could follow iilm, lay hold of blm, and upon that necessity the friends of the measure iBf Itwaa east in farorof the Majority Report report of the Committee to divide the; rotes between is believed that a still larger amount has been sent andgUnder the ConsUtntlon, demand that he be tle- totend to prets it torough toe Senate. It is a questionhe owned and siaree,—It bears the of oar impresshasty legiflatiaa lamanowlnslaborandservicetoanother,"hemeant earliestpracticablemoment. YouwillrecollectthatA ballot was eotered Into for the offoe of Govataa ofArizona,UDdertoeConstltotion. Dr.L.S.Ovnafc of Mftllta,waB nnmlnated, and elected by annaal- mnus vote. Tbe Governor elect, who is aa afitblf gentUrnvn, of ability and moderation, waa aetoeMd' wirbiut reference to aai (hain aslave follows bim ioto Ohio, whither he may have slun, left this City to-Dight for Columbia. S. Core ofsecure toe services of the meet efficient thoselongtriedforability.Integritvandboaor. Watotioiial SDd refuse to deliver tbeup. The CoDEtltutlon does not say toat such a manshall be discharged ; iio, but that ne snail t>e deliver-ed up; ano, therefore, Oe asserted that it was a great of ibe latter and Schivable, in rei^ard to affairs la mistake in Southern men to tuppote that toe Fugi- Kansas, before the Covode Investigattog Committee,SlaTery;Thethat men ihould be but it looked bet- consistent,m a thtna that Cenanii eau interfere .broughtinto atie P/ovtsioDal GovernmeotTne Schedule concludes wito an expoaitiaB of tharunawaydiscover toe means which the byTnceoit, Arizona, Friday. AprO t, I8A0, The Constitutional Convention for the fonnation of a Provisional (>ovemmeBt, coocloded Ha Ubots Mr. CnrAX. of Indiana. (Rep.,) stated that he captored he must be delivered up to his master. Tbat party wbo was previously eognizant of trie facts, and yesterrtay. Tbe toird day was occupied almoet ea-the State of the Untoi.had toe law decided ; and to that respect hd did were net legitimate subjects for discussion In toenot toink toe ConsUtutloD was imconstltotion- Hoase. We hope, toerefore, tbat toey will now beto to on oublic whatever (Dem.,) al. [Laughter.] Now, surely, in toe year allowed, future, go maktogfinally adopted.lU Ibrbids the great length-H—pt erca aMr. FLoaiaoa,ofPeiihsylvania,copying,scarcelyThere appears to be a better feeling between the briefly explained his tariff substitute. Simple 1860, toey were not gotog back, and to say is proper for toe people to know wltoout interferencesuch labor and service were due, then I tbe not make public toe details, so that it must bave beenwould call up the bill when the Rouse was fulL was his opinion. He might be wrong, but all be had bad tbem sll in possession. But Mr. Covode was not The Bouse went into CommltUe of the Whole on to say was that tbe Consiitution so provided, and so permitted to explsln. on tbe ground that newspaperstirely to coDiiderlDg the schedule to arMxrmpany the CorstltuliOD. After sundry amendmen'j it waatoat toeor mulestotton. With regard to this matter, it is prot>-The first session ot toeTucson on toe first Monday to March. 1861. Thafixes compensation of membea BiMlmlieagev duties and privileges of toe jodiaary, ttie judi- cial dlrilcta, and legnlatior s pertaiaUg to the eoaiti are next defined. 'The oflirers asder the Coastita-several States sbouid for legislatetoe Democrats could do to nuthLegislatarewni be held latoat law. He it toought hardlythe It up.best thtogortary toat he should remind ids friends of toesblycanceed, and not join in the vain search for what caimo- were tight filty years ago, teeing the Constitution ap- must go to Baltimore, and the rext week nearly all for toklDg a censes of toe people prior to tlte seaciaajudgmpnt,sue)ptinclplesoftoefatoers of toe Republic. If toe fathers theyMlssaari Demacratic CaBTentlan—Bnckanaa reasooably be expected by ite most sanguine ad- pears to prohibit toe extension of Slavery, was it tbe Republicans will spend to Chicago. Wnen tbey of toe Leglslatore.Mr. EuoT, ef Massachusette, (Rep.,) In thecoiitee of his remarks, said that it would be the difficult for the gentlemen from the South to get thought toat be has gone there to throw his weight happiest day of his life when, at the proper over was, that the men who framed the Con titotion Into the balanre in favor of tbe no(uin<,tloa or aGraroe.Sec2. TheConntyofMesilla!•herebyestabUshed,l*o'Dgitudtoal which (TTOsseB what is liDOwn as the lllttle Desert,"Dear the centre thereof, on ibe westbe Will be takenference between principle and practice. The plat- slaves here. If be were to say outside what he was Coustiiutioii bv toe very men who framed it he an" eveuing, peel^lng news from the tteat of war.which they adopted with a reasonable degree DOW saying in this hall, what security would he have thoughttbe best and most reliable, and tbey held4 Tbe Counrt ol Casue Domeof Ihe Republican Party which Itcnnstrued It In toat It was cnn- way. not, toerefore,Southern mar Of course, bis presence there will be interpreted as having given up all hopes, himself, toattime and under proper surroundings, and at aproper request of the citizens of the District of Colum-bia, tae could aid them to strike ofi'tbe shackles of tbe Slavery, hiow toe first conbtructlon put up:m toe Mr. Douglas' bouse is crowded with visitors, day3. Tbeportion of territory lytoe beiween the Chirjcahal MouDthiDs. oD tDe east and trie Itoesistentlo say ibatany of toefathe.-sof the Reputilic. the framcis of ttaeCoastitutior, aid anything favoringSecCountyor£«rli comprises all toattaejJ'B17V3, a '"«;|'''*?;""su"ot ofwas introduced, and he at tbat time more than kill the negroes Souto because tbey don't cateh tbe nece»6i.y exist Dg for theMd U abanooKeri toe boas.^« anu slept to the Btreet It waa-In Ciatham to operate In Virgtota, cunirsry to ourcrut. Rnaout escaped unscathed, while Baova* tbe law of there was no other reason why this was not done it t.,Dst.turio,. runaway slaves than was afforded bytaiDtd lu other parts ,.f tie Inaud.pis.Bkown, then editor of the Demir of the Sou'h greater facilities for recapturing thPir deliver up those engigeo to toe transacttoa ? If putlt.un. Thr OS? *.''Missouripublicans nominatlBg any conservative man at.Chica-^» p.eamDte:'tnaa hadvtould Di^t DebeforeInug Mas8acnujetts,ralloM-lngwould alawsbonld make a juillclous selec- by that of 1850 He dtd at toe present time, and al- gol»g lo have a regro pauper Dopuiatloii. Tne Re- f.^ ^i D<vi''ehis Constlturior.itjuryof tbatof Court Commissloiiers order thethe Fugitivefugitivegrnes.o«d noI of Art. 1. Tbat toere shall be and hereby Ijiiyapnnlntinpo'. Slave law.ittigtr."law law of 1793exampleofX?:"^'e Insure comestic traoqal!- en ac. ., eifabiish jus'l.e.Ptovtdert, that this i" 'ore* till r.„ogress sh»liUntitled DocumentPartynot call un the B.itlsli Government torublicSB are not to toe of L,!o;up,ios«d recovery There was not one In a nuii'irel rbousand «.hu would undertime to rep-eal *he p^eseutMr. SaaailAH gave nutice to toe House to-day of bisments the Decesslties.and Mr. Kissarr is toe wboThere was an attempt tUi morning, m the House, tomen are there." and aapraa*." gathered "joy relgnaTomnnow'asessionwillbeImportant llwaeh^ dole will be reported, toe seat of Govemmeat deci- ded upon, (xiunty lines adopted, and, perhaps^ aa *'maugural address" from tbe Governor.New-Jer.<ey One million of tbat his Rochester speech have alreadyTerritory tyingA Convention of delegates from all parts ofLuurnian(.G<ieer>i«f^Ygnatlo Orrantla, of Mesilla. decTtlurif 0/ atalt—jK'. A Lucas.of Mesilla.EasternArizona,who apportioned the dele- modM/iyteDt tbeir toterests,'•I,do so emijlv swear (or affirm)"1.""'."^^^.^'.'nd.da^toat supiK'Std toat a luge ami-uut damage,. •A ?z...,a, to form a Gov, ;ir.p'e^.^ orde.t,enesiof atoe intf srlnes.,aadSenator BsrABD received a dispatch from Charles- all that portion of territory lytog east of the Rioup.wito toe folluwlng bouodaries—viz.or, the east, rbe Cnincuhul Mountatov on the westprovied,thattoe RioGrande shall re tbe permaueut &ou&dar> oetween Dona Abbanc Mesilla Counties.Ssc. 6. Tr>e peop'e of the different connties shalLSt tne fi S' Territorial election, to be held on toe first Moncay in M><yDeit, fit toe pia:» for holding the dif- fetent Courts in their respective counties.Tbe miide of amending tbe Constitution is definite, and proviriOD is made for toe paiiiahmentof offeaccaTtrnlottal Trea«fcr.r:,i****^ all toeduttaewill and laiuifuhy olscbargeKrom liwytl.AN lABTaqirAKS AT ST. HABXS.waaaaa- Toe sooekswara felt on boar-l tbe vssmIs lying m rhe liait)or, easblflarge quantity::Ue Rio Grandeperform<>r triePronslflnal"Or-ru u'— part of the law relating toDrwww.fultonhistory.com-' -^-Ssc 