 Itand thethe ofTheMr. Bdbnbt moacdto aobstitate aProhlbllory Uw.' The ateamshipAnglo-Saxon,vention, at Mlddleburo, to-day, G. B. Wjsion and Gorr were chosen substitutes. %G.reftrtnces to bis monster clrcumMe poli.ted out the great ke-bound coast oy which the Arctic Sea Is suriounded, and showed bow fromtfsst of the cessionof Savoy. SPAIN.bill d'ffertnt In ItsThe following bills were passedTo amend the act authorizing the taking of addl comnjuilDg for tolls at a million of dollars who coniesRed to a p.mful Ignorance of the whole proposition-2.»:a I'TOL.IX—^HO.2670.Mm te|l«-lu«m jl4dfti«HaI from CaUfenHa,Treaty witk«assume. having prevallsd, eanstnr vassals issdy for sea tore-Mr. WoiT advocated the bill as a measora of hu- main snvgly In port ft is too eariy yet to give aa Left in port at Asplnwall till TT Tl aai law^h llmanity, not as a party measure. estimate that may Iw fiilly relied oa respeetiag tke aneke, Sabine and XaU^, aad the Pra^ ifaili^ fc,,Uknt It It.*Mi Mrtwij9Mrt at MMB •flloBdsy, tka Mh UsttmttkaBonseofCommonshad,adoptedanaddressto Cniwn, oiging strong «irorta to obtain from VMoe tlhe abolition of the restrictions on BritishMill«•Allantle Telegraph Company had rescinded its tmmar raaolnltau, aad determined to raise £2i 000eri a Bortgage of the old cable, to be expended in italtamtotatkai.IharW, mainawhitelozeag«|gnisalHmuir and S^nasla eompel them to keep the peace,victs, wbo have escaped from the French penal estab- litbment at Cayenne, and were -at large in George- ing town, had been sent away from Demerera by tbe tbeat herupmizzen a white flag witb a red ballm \SariUa.______ «vaxskk6 mo aocco.Whbat buoyant. Coaa steady. VISICB8 steady.Flods steady.. Pao-I with coBparatiTe liaiurerence. ITAI.T.common. Spiairs Tcapumnx dall, at IJs. 6d.<93d8. TsA—Sales ujiimportant.LONDON MARKITS.Mayor,*wftdrewdate. The Hard Shell, or Wood Democracy, ran awe bad a revelation from Senator TamiAa about tbe Gridiron. He aald be votad for tbe " be-Bie preliminaries ofRaeweoo were tianed on the 2Sih. An aaachtded previously.tional lands for the Central Park. from the Central, and removing the piesent restric- Tubject of Arctic e iplorat on. He bad read with m- BnotiKZ bad a bard job of it to convince his HonorisonCity yesterdayofshark-skin covered handles. Except for tbeirMm, tt Ptrtland.inInroscert, esp«ciail)r maintaining rlghtaSwitzerland.Baauw,Toeaday. The answer to 11. TBOtmau'a note is disdact forthe reserratlon of the rights, and enargetlcally sup- imilCiTIfl OF THE liTOT TBEITT. ports the demand of Switzerland..inicatfM oftbc r*p« Against ki8 Despoilers.Itla taAllMi of tk« Iiipaie;lMiiili Treaty. per pound.The of the Northern Traas- propeller Vermont,raJJICIAI. AKD COHMERCIA.I.., H. »., Unmimf, April 9, ) •M tMkTUto, N. B., AprlTlO. )Ike itMBMh^ i^niKe iUkrt, Ctptain Psowaiofloa, tnrnedtbeaaut. If tkaBamoeiatiaraiaala tbe City of New-Tork, that is iRepablleanB of the ttatasbonUwrast their pomrbyultShe ta'^< mv^mtm.'8»tirt«r tb« *\tt Bit., Mrtrad «t ftl»a* bu M pHMngoi (or 8t. Johni, aad S80 for pending.Consols closed on Friday at 94!t for money, andPaasage of tbe Supply BUI.peelal Diapatoh to the Hsw-Terk Tlaaaa. Albant, Tuesday, April 10.Mr. Masssok thought that thlB bm was the most maturing potato crop ; but this I may now aay, that salutary of the session. Ha believed that by the pas- good judges are of opinion taat tha crop this year will eifer,.Itoi^Tak. te wUek part the will IraTe on T*esd>y 94H®94li for account and on ;ssge of this measure tha Legislatore had It in tbelr be less inaa the last by some ]0,0OU barrels.^ ' ''From Pern, we bear that the war fseltv ^^Mt^-' Bollvla waa dying oat'-Thi itauuUp Ntrlh Am*ricmn, from Poittud, u- ilM< at Uropool on tk« SIKh nlCone, that bad done nothinguseful, and very mnek that waa mlselilevons. Delta,Tht .t««mti.tp GlMtgtm, from New- York, anlTed «S,000.feated. The with tbe RepobUeaasvottagwould have to be held to consldsr meas-ures for tranafening tbe Post-oOtBe Department from 2d we haveI UfopMl ra tk« IMk.seiBi«ning. At that honr it was read, and the vote being Dorsb, Donerick, Evans, Jeimings, Jewett, Merseles, Imperial control to the local Government The Gov- Inst,-»—at BMlhsBpteB OB the ISth.uiiTedLITSAFOOI. COTTON MAnEIT.the resolution waa lost—ayes It, noea 13.1««~Kip jrn>-r*r*,fromNow-Tork,Miller, Honlton, Perry, St. John, Whipple aad theernor had been ill, but his health waa Improviog. Sat- toMarcb 12.THC BAVOY aVKBTION.had a tendeocy. Some circulars re- decliningTha Tbe bill to revise the present license laws wasmorning. Immediatelyemigrants,i&a trraty for the ceadon of BaToy to France -aaa vabUibed, but Ita featnrat were already knowa.Il waa reported that SwItierUad wlU protest Pleach oempatkB, el*il or adUtarr, ofJ aad Faneioy.I ware nunon of a probable CoDfiesieiithe •qMitUB.ORBAT BRITAIN.Xietd Jobs Bcssau. had stated in the Honae of Cav^ens ttat the San Jun.question was apptoach-a aattlementA vairaat had been Iiinedfrom levy and sale imder execution.the command of tbe forces in Jamaica, to be aneeeed- ed by Cel. Tisr. The affairs of the Jamaica BankATrlval and Frapcller^againstFRANCS.Fimdi Senate had indirectly rejected, by a Baoobwanted. New Sugar was selling at $4'S$4 25, and having onboard an Admiral with an Molasses at 17 cents a gallon._ I iaaiorlty, petitions requesting their intervention B "faver of the temporal powers of tike Pope.butcaers', 57s. LITXRFOOL PBOnnCE mareit.1 set in, and the dosing qaoutlon for Rentes «aaa8r.85cheavy. Corrsx quiet. Rics firm, and 3d. higher. L. Adbtin Recorder by 800 to l,t00 majority. They From tbe fact that ail the Democrats and twelveBass7b. 6d. FiBB Oils—tattles unimportant. lAssiaoOii.. Mr. WxNssLL, tbe regular Ametican nominee for will see that these important measures of the ses-quietTke French papers treat Lord Jobs Rossux'a 2Bs. 3d.®2es. 6d. Risw dull at 4s. 3d.«xs. 41, lurmonths ago on the Japan coast The ab)ect cS this unheralded visit was to simoanea die ap-' proach, and, on their arrival, to retnra with tidiaga'' of the safety of the grand Embassy, now erery iUyBsamos' Circular reports Wusat firm, and la «2s n« Pope had issued the act of major ezcommu- higher. laoR steady, for Ba'S and Riiis; Pig dullThe straight Amer-Oridlroo, cause be was In." Tbe Hoose smashed this Gridiron,Into the open Polar Sea,meeting, due the steamer'Blaatioa against all wlio counseled rebellion, inva- and sllefatly lower"sales at 53s, 9<1. SooAa ouil, and promptu meeting gathered in tbe Capitol while the against them because be was not In." That was all matter, was held last night in the Cooper lastiwta,;The official Madrid Gazette contain the prelimina- ilea of the treaty of peace between Spain and Morocco. Marecco cedes ail the territory between the sea andthe Convention of 1839 relative to Manilla" (" MellUla'') Is ratified: an indeiaoityJ. M.Bsmsei.Blchmond, Rotcn, Sessions, Spinofa, Traaanon tbe floor of bis cabin as we entered, On motion of Mr. Craiis W. Fizlb, the reading of the attentions of a hair-drcBser. Thetka road to Aogbera;roe, ftarnijrMezpeues of the wardispossess tbe landlords, as allag,M«,oaO piastres U to be paid to Spain for theeffectuallyand in the meantime, Spain ismomtbg. After a tphited iiisjusauiouiit o( tbe leases or under the tenant's grantsbolo was created by the act repealed. Tne Anti-Ithe people ot New-VoiE not only appreciated thetwowitba commercial treaty is guaranteed, sion, Rowlasd. who is siid to be in favor uf t* hold Tetnan Judge;aad a Spanish Minister and missionaries are permitted Dickinson for the Presidency, was elected temaoraryof scientific progress, but sympathlz^-d«iihtbose who, devoted to lis advance, »Duald bytheii laDois and sacrifices, that 6cience has its martyrs elaborately dressed hair and their embnddered as well as As Americans we were uowU- in their undress looked not on-aibeIfeto-fir^ aime^.NEW-YORK,WEDNESDAY,APRIL11, 1880. PRICETWOCENTS ^WITHA{Hn^PLEHB^nC^i^^ kMito8WlTZ£aI<AND.It is expected that England and PmaaiawiU actBaity Tkouaad Dalian ia Baak Notes Stalea.CoLnnana, Ga., Tuesday, April 10.The Marine Bank was entered with false AgencytheOrafaUare—Arrl-KOETISfMi'IWpiA.~~India dates are to February 24, but there isBothlsg important.The total cost of the i-"H»i.. \t estlmafed at fjrtyBillions sterling.Mr. HaLBa sala ha had votad against the bill before and should siUl owose it. He found luder the pre-EBB MiLNB, anxloos to make himself persoaally ac-ptoposadptiia —^^—— ing, which was aaid to opaa a plaear tafka faitanata adien to Colonial olBclal duty, aad to his aumaioas /to tax tmmaBafaetored tobacco 6d.Lakea via the Oswego and Welland CanaLBarbadea. His predecesaer la INTERESTING FROM ^ stretched forth to elach Iha rich afatiaat oleaii- this command, Admiral Sir Hoostob SrawABT, bade .SOUTH AMEMKL-At Calcutta, ships an In demand lor Eaglaad aad Chiaa.The United Slatea steamer Bartftr* was at Boag Keng.The NewTark DalHea la Vllea. OnoA, Toeaday, April 10.The New-York d^liea were distribnted here at 1 1 3i o'clock to-day.FROM AUBAKir.contractor. IlpMit eona up la Tarton* q«la(«,sal tnls waa tta last Depai llsals and afleea waraliaoaferted wholesale by tha htlL It waa to tfaia he was opposed. fa the West, if bad «sA wart in thefriends, in this pari of tha world, oa the 31st iasuaton thatBhip Ihe hUies, two-decker. It ia eoaddently stated that Bb HeustoN wlU step into sOee again, on arrir-«ie tf. 8. Man ateamehip NorthplnwaJl on the 2d last, arrived at thU pott eai^ wmk terday morning, with the CallfomU maUa ta *—a>S—^Tke widow of fiea. Sir Wniua Nima Cemmercial News by tke Prlaee Albert.].0HD0> MOIIBT ILaSKBT.Tke demand for money waa heavy. An advance •f the rate of interest by the Bank of England was^ put*-as OBs of tha Naval Lnds of AdKbalty.tha Board offor both money and account.The Frenoh Bourse was very agitated, and therates had reached TUf. 3Sc.. but closed at Nf. 30c. (tj The BuUion In the Bank of England had decreasedit had attained asweek in thisat 43,000 bales, of which 2,S80 were to speculators and S,000 to exporters. Toe market was very dull, andA motionSpeaker.The Cass-Berran Treaty has been finally apfiot«& >T'Saturday,power to do some little to make amag|ds for the noto-rietyThe West Indian mall, with dates totheseoondmonth, (March,) by the Cunard steamerarrisal kag taa generally antieipated by tke Orerlant MaiLia daaid.iB( home,at 94d94iiThe news from CaUfonia tnls byA msbonse resolutioa tkia afternoon, by ordering the BAaiDGS'circularreportsHoneydeddedlymore billtobereadathirdtimeat1Ho'clockthiseven-sider was lostl>y41 to 4S;sa the ttHl waa de- finallystringent.TkeBrokers'Circularreportsthesalesoftheweek taken,to reconsider waa made, and laid oa the table. port the Inferior qualities Hd. lower. The sales of hill will pass the Senate.the order for to-morrow specialThe first instalment of Coolie310 Innum-pricesafter the reading ofthe joomal carried. ;The following bUIs were passedTo exempt certain property of physielans and sur-were to leave Calcutta at theber, beginning UstFriday were 7.000 bales. Including 1,000 on specula- tion and for export, the market closing q'tlet at tne:lor -Gen. Bzu January Kingston. Majof retires fromCAUFOKNIA. Beeayttoa af a Ji .authorized quotations following :read a third time in the noes 56.and loat—ayes 43,geonsTo assnre creditors aw ere In a a dividend of goodcondltlan,Narrawaad Ma>rla«e af Me'Fair Orleans MIcMUng do.. Fair M^Ues7<Kd..Hlddling do i\i FairUpUnds 7 lid. | Middling do6 S-lSd. 7d. 63-IM.justproperty—UeattaThe stock in pori was estimated at 847,000 bales, of which 691,000 were American.TapicalaaaryOorTospeadsst.8TAT2orTBADg.The advlcea from Manchester are favorable. The —Ayes, 49 Noes, 4«. TbU kills ;he bill for the Ses-GOSSIP ABOUT UiGISLATION.TBIBAILSOADBILLS—ORAMCiaTORATEIO—TBB ListfortheColony,astheoneinforcewouldexpiremarket waa firm, but rather tamer. HATBI UABEIT.Tbe Havre Cotton market closed with a decltnlni;sion.Tbe Governor sent to the Senate for confirmation;and theie are to be twelve stipeoolary ma- gistntes, at a salary each of £700 sterling. The ship ^likan had just arrived from Madraa, with 32Fbancisoo, Cal., Tuesday, Marek Igtti ^ tt,the following nominations for Police Commissioners 231,000 bales New-Orleans (res ordinaire, lU6f New- jAiiza Bovix, Amos Piubbubt and Joni G, BzaaBH.AEPUBLIOAK STATE OOKTIIITIOir.Jroa Oar Own Oorrsspoadeat, Albany, Tuesday, April 10, 1860.white, 37s.®From the Aaaeolated Frees.town that she was atheCoiTOB very dull.and Ihepossibilityof an entrance effectingin the Bank rate.P. P. Prosser, Murphy,;dresses by Dr. Hayes and Others.In order to afibrd the public an additional oppor- tunity of being made familiar with the details of Dr. Harxa' projected expedition in seareh of an entrance a to which weresales of tbe week lo.OOO bales ;:These nominations were confirmed.The Charter election held here to-day has resultedIn the election of the entire DemocraUc ticket, by ma-stocaTheLlverooolBreadstuffsMarketwasdull,and Tueedav's advance was barely maintained.tendency;;;(Aleans bat. 99f.LITIBPOOL BRIADSTCFTS UASKIT.Coolies, after a fise passage of 75 days. Eight con- tbrough the Golden Gate snd thebear- 'RicBABnsoH, SPESoa & Co. quote Flour tendinglaat evening, were friiltful of Important results.In theconstiuction of Railroads in the City of New-York,telegraphaad;from 500 to maintained.Wbeatquietataboo^Tuesday'sad- positioncarriedtheclty.«TheDemocratsarebois-downwardred Western, 10s. 3d.®IOs. 8d. ;jorities ranging1,000.LastyeartheOp-butvance, but full prices were occasiRially obtainedAmerican,268.d3U>.,pricesoareiySenate,following bills,to authorize the;lOs. 6d.«12s. ed. Comdullthe,38s.LITXBFOOL PBOTISIONe UARKKT.Japanese corvette,Irish 2s. 6d. bigber; new Amfrlcaa 758.^778. ffd.Lau> dull and aomiaal. Vauow—missioners under the new law. Theli.to Execatlve session and confirmed the appoint- ments at once.Mun- roe, J. U. UvTpky, Ramsey, Richmond, Sessions,steady.Little inquiry and prices weaaThere Is nothing of any interest from the other* * •;Rhodes,brigLeni.TaAVsas,had;wbite Western, yellow, 33s. Sd-^Sls. Sd.;terous over theLEO.strangerextraordinary cariosity.;Srinola, Warner—20.Yours Islands. truly,Tha Paris Bourae had been buoyant and prices con- The Brokers' Circular reports AsHsg quiet, at 29s. 8 The Democracy have elected their whole city Messrs. Bell, Goes, Kelli/, Hanlene, Montgomery, sably highsr, vis.: 70t 39c; but on Friday a strong SOs. for PoU, and 33s.®33a 6d. for Ptarls. SosAa ticket Gio. H. Tbacbbb is chosen Mayor, and Chas. Mnrpby, Prosser, Rotch, Traman—9.;also, Lieut. Brooke and Kr. Kmo, (artist,)Sales t.>-da> 4 IIOU bales.ayes, 19 ; Sptnvla.ConoMy,MwykyDr. PolaropenLondon. SAturday. The Colonial produce markets Sor the w«e» oiire been or Bet< led, partially iiom tne proposea sdvauceSt. Locia, TuesddV, April 10. The Democratic State Convention m"t at Jeffer-ayes 21, noes 6, as followsAiKe—Messrs. Abetl, £/ood, Colvin, Conruliy, Fiero,Gardiner. Grant, Kelly. Ke'Ch.m, Lawrence, Uanlerre,^^^^^_Folltlc&l MoTementR. MISSOURI DEMOCRATIC sTaTK OONTENTIOM.lariilfome>y, The bill tor the drainage of tbe Cayuga marshes —21.to resirie at Fez. The treaty is to be signed at Te- Cbairmaa. At the afternoon s«£>iott R. E. AcuOK. of leciisg tbe Committee on Ihe Poor Laws to sit dur- ba^ed upon a p^o^pect that they will no,v te enabled to make fair arrangements for the seltlemeni of thereliaglliotnb.e discoveries m sandals, theyvery navy,tnan, April 2, and a commission is to t>e appoiniel to Polk County, was chosen permanent President Af- ing the rtcesa to investigate tbe management of the vexed so questions longIn dispute between tbem andling to allow puytlcai geogra- like the uijiformed officers of ourd^rmine the boiudaries Detween Spain and Mo- ter the election of Vice-Presiaents aiid Secretaries, Ntw-yo'k Am'bouse Department.flie It Is a matter of doubt to-day whether this Antl- pecially witb regard to any portion of our o#n coun- marines were clothed in dark blue frocka ; each Beut bill, or tiie City RaUraad bills will meet tbe ap. try. He concluded hts remarks by Introducing Ur. with his rank a«d the of his service written'BY THE AUrOLO-SAXOHr. Poiiuan, Wedneaday, April 10,the Convention adjourned till evenjig.CHICAGO DILEGATIS I.N M ASSACaUSlTTS.Boston, Tuesdiy, April 10. K. T. Datib, of Fall Eiver, and S. Whbb, Jr., ofScituaie, were chosen delegates to the Ciiicago C.m-Mr. Spim'La moved to lay the motion on the table. Lo«t, II to 14.tre landlords.pruval of the Governor.The talk the know- amongpoy to be monopolized by other ciuntries, aua es- Hatbb, who at once proceeded to sta'e In detaU hisstylefrom Liverpool, SMA, via Qqeenstown, 29th ult., arrived this evening.Mail steamship Africa, from New-York,8i<yTkeanfred at Liverpool at 3 A. M. of the 2eth.Tbe Republican Convendon of tbe Second Districtpart>eu In discusslnK. or rather filllbustering,which a;as 37the latitude of bO" anC81H'. It had been leamel, and to tbe American sailors, wbo had iielped workRoyalrendered on thetbe ship, the Admiral came down liberally withTkeAagloSaxonarrivedat10:4SP.M. ShebringsUBpaasesgers.Spoke, tSth, ship CalUtpe ; 29th, ship NorOemhowever,froma contributedtotbeRoyalSo- paperCUtf, from CaUA,> tUt ft; Mark.April 10, off the Bay of Fundy^^_____ BNGI.AMD.and both wereinbad often heard. Cb^is and;two,post-Karl Loisroas waa dead.Lord ELSac's departure for China had been de- lved nntU the middle of April.Before the Hooae of Commoua Investigating Com-,Str CvaaoK Roasi testified that Mr. Livza GaaiB, J. FLOwzas, Joan LcsK and Mr. Babae^s. I to traaafar the contract for carrying the mailsthe luiury, of ice-creams. When invited to a bath, they ilcclined, on the-gtflJMid that the Admiral mustmoved vicinity, whicn precede lliem in any such privilege.At \2ii o'clock Senator Kobsbtson its ai,d restated the means by 'TWthe matter for tbepresent.vette—were announced as of rank enongb to ta& familiarly witb even the Admiral, were graciomly saluted, and then invited tbe strangera to see tha city under their escort. Tbe Admiral agreed, butIsland, camen^or reading. 76, noss 31. Tbe affirmative vote was ail Republl Universe inio shape anl form. The important it took half an hoar to the order of the1Gatvaj to tha Montreal Company, but subse- r repudiated bia agreement.Tronble at an Indiana PeDlleatlary. JsrrasoNviLLi, Ind., Tuesday April 10it rela'es toto ci.nllnue their patronage of and euaole hts^coeme,hehim to carry It to a rucoesslul eanndd>\GIoI,d shosualid,stpahreeyPagans to Church,it alarm their mightOnr citizens, some weeks since, remonstrated W Hm great Fowera will be held In the course of a with the Superintendent of tbe State Pamtentlaryexpe- goior, plete soluUon of tbe only geographical question yet it would scarcely be the thing for a Christian dty'aLondon Berald ODderataada that a Congressbless hiseffuiis, he hoped, befce tarce yesis rolled round, lo place In their hands tbe com-Ifffw waeka In London, 'ItiaassertedthatRuaslafavorsaCongress.VRAMCE.majOTliyMr. BoBUSON called up tbe concurrent resolu- vote for two hours, with a prospect that ithis lie andrience ol Jesuitsifthey ignoredall churchfiratreturningbattalioiuoftheFrench tarn Italy had entered Savoy.Bapui la had been In circulatiOB that orders had keen transmitted to Italy to suspend the departure,jorityh«t U waaFrance asanmaa one hundred and seventy-fivehad a religious bearmg. In showiag us the gioi'S ofthe Creator In moulding this third primitive workftogs anduntrue.pronouncedUUoB francs of the debt of Piedmont, in coniidera-A correspondent at Barriiigton slates that aboutfour buodreo cases and bites uf cargo h<ve been *ran the negative vote, with one exception, was all Democratic.much mooted question of the unity of the race wouldSso Uosemanage pioposedarmypeace between Spain and armlsUcs wasBoston BanksA kWtta occurred on the 23d on the road to Tan- Capital Stock $36,581,700of various but themtnis ai d ptoceedlogs thereon. the Commutation bill heretofore passed by the only tmpiession lelt upon bis memory Finally, the Ad-'Tt'Sjlara, In wbteh the Spaniards were completely vlcto-ITALT.tural, Hurticultural and Mechanical Aqsoctatioo. surmised by the mnnagers of the Central that they on this occasion, and could n jt refuse. After alluding "the men " ofthe two officialsThe Supply bill was taken up lor final reading. can buy ibis bill through the House. I shall not be tu Ihe high and noble alms of the expedition, and andMr. CohXUNO moved to strike out all extra com- surpiited If they can, but I don't believe they can buy paylrg sn eloquent tribute to the heroism of the late another boat On landing, our President pAliteIrof tbe clerks, officers and messengers of tke Gcvetnoi's signature to It. Dr. Kane, w hose discovery of tbe open P.dar aea, had out ahead, to help tbe A<toual out. and Tbe bill to amend the Metropolitan Felice act, bten denied by tbe way, but tie hoped would be con- leaped "-8 offenceDeposits T1»ivmltroftheelectionforrepresentativesin Circulation.<. 20,47.1.000niUaaaaat waa very favofabla to the Liberal cause-It la reported from Bine that on the 20th tbe veraA meset-naer was announced from toe Senate. In- forming the House that that body refused to recede fromitaamendmentatotheAssemblyRailroadToll bill.Tbe House Insisted upon ita own bill, 81 to 25.___ Tbe bill substituted by tbe Senate for tbe AssemblVItronua bill was then announced, as tbe messages bom that body on both these subjects were acted on many days since by the Senate, and tranamiited toonlv lacks tbe Governor's signature to makethe audience to contribute the material aid necessarytaking the P'«edence.m -^ed up^jandaimss charged tha people, and that more than J* were wounded.Tke FWrw asserts that the King of Naples, not- -wilMudlng the invitation of the Pope, refuses to •eenpTthePapalStateswithNeapolitantroops.CAPITAL.Naw-OaLBANS, Monday, Aprilwill hardly be deterred by this consideration.the House Inslstod—ayes 81, noes 2S—Mr. FuLUB his motion with a short tloo, supportingcrowdby openingLieutenant of the Jlaj rai coouiaader of the naval and military forces. iie admlnlstjatlTe centre wlU remain ptoviatoaal-Spanish squadronmorningy 'quiet,r. Vha Ministry Is diseontlnaed, and ttie army bombardment ofnaming the ComptroUer,tnce, as we phrase It. If it asks, Itlwlllbetter than before.Tbe House also-ayes «7, noes Jl-'*'^"*'' J»lutloo, for he the pubUc spirit of New- vora to honor thaaght'co^nl^d that a Uttle man in a blackriiaea CaaioaAn laappointedVeraWe have Vera»tnoIrish Dowmt, Qo*aaiOr,what waa he wont over op,aad t aftVlBeaee. RrBAsoit la appointed General Gov- the Capital. Thehardly fare tlon. be sald-he was ashamed to presentre«o_ the occasion. Eoteriiig with awinb« Incorporated with the Sardinian dan with SarditUan troopa had left•ay.ittt tbswhida of the Fope'a troopsanthe valuation ofIs $5,000,000. Tnls isthe Commlasloners,pro rsisina It a mtsdemesnor chargeKautfSVdoabUeaacur In tbe Senate amendments to the adoptedi'-<rattemptedpersonalTte. NeapoUtana win -_ '*''"°'-«' Tuesday, April 10.and matUiaUi . that theoccupy » onUUet with the Pledloree it. If tbe Senate accept wlUbesabstantlally.aeceptingthePrsJU(alaw.expedition,We the writer bad no d""2,' '^'^af Judge Dait aaldT^m^ Mrmmae, UgMWXb* IDniiter of tbe MMiar kM nfevkfd thetbrrcon, was reconsidered aad tbe bill passed.wOlbeaazlODatapnbHcan State Conventton meets U Byrasaaa next Wednesdayweek. TbemajorityoftlMt«|ialatnre • want to. attend that Conrandon. aad I ataonld not wonder if they staid here until It Is ttae to go there,:- order a prepared to-mji»Um*melected Robsst J. Davis, of Fall River, and SiTHWiBB,Jr.,ofScltuate,asdelegatestoChicago.Fires.STOHIS AT WELLSTILLX, N. T.Spilzbergen.HoDSOBand Scobesbt tiad penetrates tovoyage,days long,to-day"Repurts of Select Committees" in order, Mr. MuN- IDEmovedtoleconslcertbevotebywhichtheCom- mitlee on Poor Laws were Instructed to mvestlgatewithtbestoresoccapiedbyH.H.'Pahkis table.together The probability seems to be that the bill will event-sticks stood instead of knives and furka.Some ofthe officera came on shore nnder guid-ance of Lieut. Brooez, on Satarday night, eat •Tlw work had been recommenced on the Great and J. F. Fowlzb, and a bAiber-shop snd dwelling ualty pass, as Mr. Paossxa will protiably cnange .his the Almshouse again beiore the Senate for a third read-occupied by Mason. Tutsi loss tlU.OOl). Total vote.ing, tbe Senate is now considering, with a prospect that It will be so engaged until after this letter leaevs Aibsny. The power of the msjerity in tbe Senate Is extremely limited, because there Is no rule allowingthe Hence, by a succession of previous quesdon.Doctor explained at length. The point where Sir John FzANKtiN and bis ompanions met their uafortu- nate fate was out, and the probable circum-insurance about (5,0UO,AT NASHVILLE, TERN.1 he General Appropriation bill waa taken up, and ainended by appruprlaiing $5,000 to the luetitutton forNashville, Uuesday. Aoril 10. tion;$5,000 fur lue Muulfzuma Saltstated en The Doctor then argued briefly paeeant.the practicability ol the completion of the discoverywithin the past lew gays.Beatea Weekly Banti gtntcmrnt.ptovlsions.will be enactingamended, clause,by atriklog out all of and inserttng the bill,f^^'^*^^ to their carrJsget.froas Heziea. CUCZqcilT MIBAMONONBISI should think be would bealtate to it, knowing signLater —to advance tbe enterprise.On motion of W. J. FtniLBi, a resolution was by Bide mutely;tbe othera,o.#y.rf humoringAeallgaip«. has arrived, from Siaal The Spanish war ve8»el Habanera was inwas killed You see It lacks 9 voles of enough.and a subipriptloa of $5,While the collection Vaa being taken np Lieut.The schooner4th iDBt. Arroganttoport, with Oiipatches from theThen uptunately our modeet littleCruz lor Havana.on condiUimatCruz dates of the 1st. The city waa the Bouse, butThisupbn non-concurring In the Senate amendmentsrtiU bill. So the Lower branch may now ask forrank»-a» repotted that HiaAnoN had left for estimated loss of property by theVera Cruzezagseratlon, as resldenU of Vera Cruzandaddingtbe sectioa•=""• law,oughtbewD only $17,000 raised, would be required.»««;«.SS^kt lealst wneress $S(J,iK)0 atcompanion,the wholecoat, Whenit wnstamed foroian'»teCotive complimentsthe Admiral expressed a desirewouldT^h yihataay reachthatamount.rv..The Unltad Btatea ateam sloop of war Dacotat )tMM retonied from a parfeeUy satisfactory trial trip.MaatelralBleeliaa.Tb»n>, N. J., Toeaday, April 10.for anyrailroad toJmig. DaLT te?U?ely received GaiNBBix, "SNaval,«^TM/,nP"tLouid fiS* ?nrbugh, and stating I'terpreterOnrHa/*, Democrat, for Mayor, by 400 majority. SzaAia,s The vote dsfcaOhg the Brooklyn Broadway RaU-city'eleetioD->eanlt«d''m«the-choice ofentwhich wealdkecp them hereThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069nntUTaaaday moraine. LEO,citywould hardlyand the tariff ofread$1,000nota Mr. jAQVBa eaUad np a motioa to reeooaider the ble local event since my last Admiral Sir Albxah-Be then moved tochange.were read and passedThe following was the vote on the firat bill read, (extra) sold at $7 50a$7 75, aad Brandywine MeU dinmartuh, a three-year-oio Datch-bnilt Tsasal,^which was the Seventh-avenue : linbond)at $4 75. Flour waa in lliht suaplyatthe from a land that never sent a•;.-T»3:i^- .-SSSii^J'^rT^-^' ^"f^^P:r;>^ »P^BYTELEGRAPH. AustrianfunctionariesinHungary,fornotwatehlnR Democrat,waachosenMarshalby41majority. A '"^^.r*?.?.'"'«2»»'*"donamotionofMr,"Dab~oit, BEUMCDAAMDTHEW£8VIMDlBS. of the aad reporttog tha of the ticket ia Democratic. Tha aiid the blU passed.FROM ABUVAL OF THEJffiWSA WEEK LATEK FROM EUROPE.the BoremenU populace,names of persons hostile to the GoTemmentmajority city Op- position elected a majority in the CkrancIL"tendstieeta between and n-P.? Vl'L!" Eighteenthaf the two AdaalnUs fiwTHE VKCmC^^kevs last night, and forty thousand dollars stolen,aboutlialfofwhichwereMarineBanknotes,andtherrmaindtr Georgia and (Carolina notea. A reward of toul pioUbttlon. The motion waa lost by 4> to M.AiBANT, Toeaday, April 10. Amos PiLLsnimT, James Bowen and John Q.C^m-, craft abroad befcie,BiOLAIin, Atbva & Co., and WAaarisLD, Nasb ACo., and others report—Basr steady. Puaa firm and BxsoiN, of Brooklyn, were appointed Police Com- Messrs. AbeU, Blood, Colvin, Connotty, Verrj, above date, and Breadstuffs generally would soon bePnlUdelphla. 8s. O'l.'SOs. 6d.i Biltim^re. cany seven Aldermen out of ten, and six Supervisors. Republicans voted together in the affirmative, yon "Lost—11 tolS. Messrs. Spibola and Colvin then spoke at length,SenalewentGardiner, Grant, Ketcham, Lapbam, Loiernue,ootragaooa name, a full complement of officera and seventyof the Ten Governors. Senators On the final paisage, tbe bill was lost, 16 to 13. bpuioLA and Geant made all sorts of coonter motions Messrs. Mapibbbi, MoNiaouBBr, Paosssa, Rahsst to ftav^^ff the time until the special order shouldMr.GsoaaaBABaiBoroN,t!iat Dutchvesselsciety by theon There were leaving.10.At about 2 o'clock this morning a lire broke out in tbe letatlve. Absent—Messrs. Uahhono, Hill- poned, when Senator Spinola made another filll-destitute of ice, Tbe course of Dr. Kinsand tbeWxixsviiJ.!, Tuesday, Apriltirelythrough Baffin's Bay. up tois the nortnern extremity of Grloneli landtbe forecaatle.in the rear of the store of H. G. Tatlob, aad beforeit could be that store, subdued, entirely destro)eJbouse and Lawbbncx.A muiiun lu reconsider the vote was laid on thereasons for his being farther were narrated at; unable toour people say, theytables were no part of the fDmitore. They fed <mand TaciiAii, Republicans,voted with tbe Demacr«ts be leached. There werebustering expedition, but at last the majority broughttbe BlindA fire on Union-street, to-day, debtroyed proper-ty to the amount of $30,(100 belonging lo Gsuaaa Sevfriai otijer amendments were made, and the bill ezsmp'e;fur publlcatlun work un Musical Nota-pointedstances by which tbed'saster was accompanied wereChristian dinner atahotel,andexperiencedSprings.Tne ap^rutiilatlon ol $5,uoo to complete a map ofNew-VoiB Uaibor, was stncken out. was itad me thud time and passed.ASSEMBLY.Albant, Tuesday, April 10.motions, points of order, appeals, etc., the real ques- tion may be postponed almost Indefinitely. Take anof the open polar sea and of the regions luagainst the employmcat of convi'tts on wor!i oatside tion appointing a Commissioner to ezamlne the disci- mionlght before It can be reached. It Is now confu-ofthewalls. TheSuperintendentpersisted,and,this of pUsesion worse confounded—no one preten. log to haveopen for InvestlgaUon. . ,fathers. At four of the Snpervison, hMUKS- last,next morning, the bells were rung and tbe cUlziins auem- with a view to the amelioration of thewhich ihey have been winding. When the end is reached,jthe State Prisons, to report to tbe bled, aad the convicts weie withdrawn inside tha Legislature,kept In remembrance the labyrinth throughthe Almshouse bill wlU be passed—the poUtical ma- of the the sciennfic impottanco of tbe enterpriM m Mayor, you knoiw,) were rowed off to tbe cor-—walls, thusquietingcondition of the convicts and their reformation. Adopted.tbeLce to StatenMr. ^^II>BTEB moved to lay the bill on the table,cbatgtn^ that it bad been substituted for a improperlyLaid on tbe table.:of tbe Senate having determined upon that, and to-day. for the first time this session, tney manifestDr. Hates was about to embark, and tne duty which woula en- of the public to render such assistance asSalvageThe billtbe Batiery enlargement, and to authorize a ferryscmHhlnit'The House yeaierdsy afternoon passedeipedlUon issue. The facs lo be derived fromaf Carco from the Wreck of theUaafcarlan.Boston, Tuesday, April 10.of cohesion and adhesion. politicalable tarn to carry outthe ta a successfultie Arciic re-taken from tbe wreck of the steamsnlp i/uii^arianTne bill goes to the Seyte. It is said that therebe furthered by tbe lacts lo regions:establishingaferry allpon the east side ofthe blUre- pealina >be Uw of 1851, which released certain Rail- roads from the payment of tolls. Tbe vote was ayeshad beenMr. Flaolex moved to amend the Senate Mil bytion ot $20,000 In aid ot the expedition,a free coofer- that the same smonnt be raised by private subscflp- was in town. Hearingsnotber Conference Committee, or for such aback tUl Auditor and StatelessAVRUOON BI88I0N.Mr. HoLcoHB Baked eonssnt to intradace arasoluttod forthefinaladjenremantonFriday. OojecteAtoTbe vote (;etea<big tne bill to amend the Revisedkeptnow.Engineer app'ylng at oBoe to all railroads In the 8tat«, and mak-m, . .lo render it unnecessary, butit took sU the itUh the strangera command to believe'thanforwayTne amendment was adopted, and tne bill returnedinte,sppolntuagtbeComptroller,comprehended,per nule far through to the Senate.fralgliuto noTe forward.the.««...would be set onEM^-'o^J^.^iaU for-ant ofMr. Babbxtliberty btU, but Called. .. . . . , ,, .shall see.Thsre Is as yet no talk of adjournment The Ro-Statutes, to relleye hem tDdietiaailts aad pioceeUndititlaed DgocumTblitUth-atieels,jBdto confirm grants td landanler water within the harbor-anster's Une for soUd glUng,were lost. A motioa to raeondder waa laid on t£ table.icTEgaa ansioiT.BalllacThe Weather aadTal aftha West ladla Mall—liate Aeeaaala frana Jamaleai Dcmerara and BarlHi4«B.Csrre>pM4(eace of tke Ntu- York Tmet.BsBHunA, Monday, March 9t, IStO.The of the two Admirals from these departnreblU to final reading. .Renters are inand tbeir to be joy appearsImportanceIt Ibe•Thomfson was followed by Rev. Dr. Bsthdss,AKiB to ride witbhim,:amend the Sxclse law cameu'p f<^a•l,14«,000SPEGIBa ^> " 1 '-i•*f'"*l.i?^'**"J"^and the bm waa tkan loat by 43 ta St.great glee,BoBjiBTtin favorofhas been offered.I>mlie NRTl(atlea.Oswaeo, Tuesday, April 10.quainted with the state of affairs in the saothara por- portatlon CoBpanys line, arrived this forenoon from tence ol bdng a liui to Improve pnbllc Mealth it con- tion of hia extensive command, left these Islands on Detroit and Toledo vii tbe WeUaad Canal, the first veaed np a waelcaala transfer of palltlcai patronsge the 19th instant In his temporary fiagahip, the steam-vote aeleatlng tha bill, establishing a Sanitary Dis- trict ia New-York, Kings and Riehmoad CooatM.boat of the season. is 0ia and oMee from oaaietof meatoaaotfear. Sver atnoe Navigation open through the acsaloa eommaBeed, greedy baadk had bean frigateleglalatisn from tlM« baads. Ha re^iaetad tiMVr^i^speds, aadpostpone.sgalnst ifae motion, endeavoring to' drive off the ac- But at such a time as this It is very difficult to form vious in tne hall of the Historical So-tion of the Seudte.After a protected session, the Senate reconsideredtbe rescilDtion empowering the Committee to set dur- iLg tbe recess on the Almshouse Department investi- galiun, and ordered the bill abolisbiog tbe Depart- oient,andestablishingaDepartmentofPublicCnar- i.ies, to a third reading.ones 'biE morning is, that tbe Railroad bills will have bard sliding through the Executive Chamber.ol the Polar Sea. Tuis was on a patch between hia shoulders, and in blue openlugtbeIn substance but a lepetilioii of his address at the pre-accuratebten vetoed-nothing Is more certain than that.spoaeMTEK HEW COmOSSIOBIBS OF POUCE. cal measure af this :klad, waalassi galat ft mllht laat d^^-ekcat froas asalhwast wast wan, 22 mllsB noitt of Inagna.The Senate closed the fillibaatering on the thatforenoon.Five Republicans voted In the negative.'The Ssnitary bill was taken from the table and the vote by which It was lost the other day was attempted tobereconsidered. Themotionto reeouider(ailedRailroad Company. Adjourned.Court of Policy was busy vritta the Annual Estimate of the expenses of the Colonial Govemmeat The Governor was about to bare prepared, a new CivUTowB Sct.3 &e.FromOnrOwn;— — some alterations of salaries ALKBB0D8I BILL THX TOLL BILLS AMIHD- said,Hotise,division of the aad33f percent navlng been declared.Kaeafte af aa News nwBt the Narih—Iieaaa finewaaltarhaa katk««v«iy koMttawftrIha lie voice, and shoold Oder ao nrelsaaa fmr a fo ftve winds sndlast,haaoafarA^ta^^nsAfter considerable dlseassiaa, tha mottea to recon-arrived thisFrom Jamaica the dates are to 10th March. TheGovernor had the but a spe- prorogued Legiilaiure,Democrats to defeat the btU were : Messrs. O. Allen, Ctooker,cialByanarrivalatPaaamafromCarthagsaaaatta datea from Bi^is. rtnanraaail.• 'Mr. WBBirxB moved to make tbe City Tax Levyisfactory accounts of the prospect of a supply ol la- bor from Calcutta for Jamaica had been received.of debtors on asaignmentTo amend the Charter ofthe Watertown and Ralnelor the last six monthsDemerara advlcea are to the 10th March. The;MENTS TO TBE MXTBOFOLITAH POLICE BILLS— presentoarformed that a snug, neat craft was stfiamlimThesessionsoftbeHouseandtheAssembly, Governoi'aorder,notagaintopenalservitude,butcentre,in a circle of red.stammered and told untrntha enooghFonrteenth street. Ninth- avenue, Tenth-avenue, Seventh-avenue, Avenue D.in favor of the Republican candi- sion" were entirely divested of partlsanahip.headed Hibah Paaar, who re- byseparate ticket,ceived only 290 votes in the city.icai'B (upported Mr. Thaohbb. In the evening an im- and sent up these fire Grkllrons. He should vote" " "alan or osorpaticD tn the Komsgna, and had sent a partislly Is. lower. Rics firm. Tsa Irregular, and Legislature was still in session, era wdine the great the difference there was in his opinion. Bless under the auspices of the Geographical and Statisti-Slightly lower. Sriaira Toarsanaa duU, at35s. Od. flalristtnalltheGovernments;againsttheanneza- esss.Spinola God fur the aiffereaoe," said one ol^ Senator Tbokan'sand colleagues,whouintheHousebillsandwasnotin calSociety. Tbehallwasnearlyfilledbyanaudi-ticB of the LegSLllonj to Sardinia.AUSTRIA.Avatria had handed to the German Diet a pro- teat against the annezatloh of the Italian Dnehiea toAHBBICAN 8KC0BITIK8.There was no change to note In American Secur -hall. SpeechesweremadebySenatorsGbaut, E. O. Pbkbin, of Brooklyn, Hon. Thoilas C. Fields of New-York, Assemblymen Gair, Daaor, andthe GrioUoo. ence of the most respectable character, and on thetiea.-*LATEST MARKETS.Liverpool, Saturday—P. M.oibera.10. P. P. Hcbpht introduced a bill to provide for lengthening tbe locks on the Erie and Oswego Ca- nals—a revival of Senator Pxobbek's long-lock im-in connection with the Society, but of high reputation in their respective professions.Sea,regions, and % smaller one, allowing the course uf Kakz through Baffin's Bay and Smllb's SiraluTne Chair Was taken by Rev. Dr. Hawks, the So- cluy's PttEldent.lioard was like ato Kanagswa. TheMuch enlhiiaiasm prevails.was irported for the coiisideFatian of tbe Senate. Tbe Brooklyn Centra] and Brooklyn and Jamaicawill mostwas reported complete the reversiunary interest they have in a largeprrvement stricken out of tbe Canal bill.Captain, Mun- the minutes of tthbee prevlouwsemreetibg, and thweitrne.gu- (KaTSImaiiBob,) was in but poor health. HeR«ilroa<'s ConfiolidatlonSENATE.Albany, Xncsday, Aprilnoes, 3—Messrs.the Asf-emblv, also passed the Senate lastHatzb' as to the ezistence of an theorysailor,bill and oiCeied to a third reading.Mr. MoNBOB moved to reconsider the vote di-This demonstration, he said, ind Icated that popular:Gazette, CaptWhile the vote on the last bill was being taken,/. M. The DlU known as the Anti-Rent, wklch hadandpused intoit,wasIllustratedbyahugemapoftbePolarMurphy^ ATS—Heicrs, Ferry, Goss, Lapbam, McQraw,:—6This bui repeals tbe law of 1805, and, It is said,lar business o{ Society dispensedDr. Uawxs britfiy recapitulated tne obiects for which to large and latelligedt an audience bad as-sembled.looks mai-vellously like Col. Fbihont, talka Ba- gli^h intelligibly, and haa tbe reputAiion, at home, ofbeingagreatastronomer. TheofficeraallworeLast would have year theymeetingciety. Tbe Doctor Illustrated his views oy fre-judgment.In ibe Senate this morning, the entire day has beenover the A'In^hou&e bill. When the President announcedtbe manscementas aand ikat a great open area bad been found almost en- no idols on board, of couree, no hints toward anyIbe question to a vote, and the motion to recoosidsrprevailed-syes16,noes11.The motion recutring, which was virtually to brbigandtheopinionwaseipreBsedthattheopensei,whichhe curedfish,rice,vegetablesandtea.Thechop-that Senator Spinola be allowed to speak five minutes, and that tbe main questioB be put at the end of that time, without delay orhive managed to evade a direct alreadymay bebe hoped to achieve those results. He wound Xeit day was Sunday. Our city officials knew up by sppealiiig to tbe Geographical Society scarcely what to do. If they invited the distin.debate. Such a miostinont,debatseahle, and yet the priority of business,provided the necessary means,guished sensitiveness, for tbayhave had a nationalBOBTon, Tuesdar, April 10.The following ia the weekly statement of the To amt-iid toe revised statutes respecting Indlct- tions on tlie rates tars. It will be substantiSaelnl-y ttrest the nairatlves of ciplowrerse, a confu- that TiSCHEMAMB was no better than "his mm,:Loans anJ Discounts eu.BSO tmi Specie 6.320 600 Due from other Banks 9,788.IK)0 Due to other Bauka..., 9*'*?ISwith a sentenceTo iijcorporate the Western New-York Agricul- tbe payment of tolls tbe restriction Is removed." Ills .had been urged, however, by an old filood to speak miral and the President were rowed off^a*e,sayingsion 01 Uebe.gs, bioken38. It will be a bird straggle U it geU them, or if it again gets to a thirdToti';^ tiemenof etiquetteThe bill Sanitaryayes 5», noesand then a substttnte for the Senate substi-, „_, a, jet-with no retfa«e,'bonId be a genuineStateauditor. Commissioners to regulate tofro_maaEngl«.d. bJyrom .^'J'"'Englnaer freights on railroads, and to require companies''that In consideration ofice, snows and scurvy. He to the other Supervisors. wit,evening;highmightymen-of-warmightfeel thattbey sat'pensation7,756,000 theHgubc. Lost,andthebillpassed,ayes94,nays8. parsedtheHouselastevening—ayes74\noeit3a1.lawI.t firmedbyDrHatbs,heclosedbyastroosappealto hadanarrowescape"fThfetwo ^tWAT TO THEthat iilmposes upon him ttw onerous duty of selectIj.g three Police Commissioners. But I presume he adoptt d to take up a collection in aid of tae expedl- r,r.k—the democrauceyeful;speechen- Ih's amaadmsat, Uexpresshad^»' , imllar enterprise oese into broken EnglishJy*.:isnorank of Com-plan (orsurveyflowing trowsers. The sailors looked much tike Chinamen, but all were cleanly, active, corioiis, and Duliir. To the Americans on tioard, the after cabin and servants in abundance had been snr-quentpolar map.fmmmmmgmMsm} JX.'Islands—the old one and the new—Is ttie most..^havingdayset sail forEagiaad ia )Us Aag-Simr.fttmk jLf]EnuraU. forat the end of 1860. This new list Is to embrace, tt istbe Governor to nave £6,000 sterling a year Instead of £5,000, aa atSanDay before;yesterdaypeople werete-• 'to freedom, in any other place wbere their presence would be allowed.Barbados acconnts are to tbe 12>h of March. TbeThehaa etutte;iad abont '^Hbwasengagedincooslderlngmeasuresfor tbe improvement ot Bridgetown, coasa^uent upon tbeLegislaturelate file there. Tbe American barkto excitesteamer came to an anchor the news flewAs the aboutand the Americanarrived with an assorted cargo of Breadstuffs. Flourbad penetrated even so tar as 89° of north latliude,lengtn,h»d so nearly entered, was navl?aolo for half the year. The physical causes wnich bad led to tnls theproceedremainingOn resuming his seat, he was loudly applauded. Rev. Dr. Thoupson was then introduced, and spjke"Tr.that"gooffered a tbeAreUcCommitteeoltheGeographicalSocietybe requested to memoriallxe Congress for an appropria-TiBlBresolution,halffoot '» '^io'tS^'iSS'e.U'^-'^^^'^^^^ thji^th«.announcedth« then adjonnied.Wr- K, «•M?*G.Vfou« meetingoveriiaano interpreter was jlMll u>,..menTHE POI^AR EXP1.0RING EXPEDITION. and nine of the crew of the little D. S. schoonerAd- Fcnnimore Cooper, that was wrecked some MeetlBf of the Geegraphlcal Saelety-Admitted gratuitously all who felt any interest in thebyIt seems that tbe Canitnimtrrvi was sent' 'ahead because onr Lieut Baooci waa tbem topilot her over and to insure a gradoas recapaaa Tbe Senate also pasred the resolutions submitting platform were many gentlemen not only well known of her representative officers and craw. A virit onto the an amendment to the CoosUmtion, au- peojdstborizlng people of color to vote without their beingpostesscd of property. / The resolutions passedKehaohatonoean—who, theby way,but a Provincial ol the Governor,coins,Mount wnicb religious faith, though prayers Franklu,be derived from goiiig. relaUve to the early migratory habits ofwhich was that adopted,, extract9«*^^- f^i^ •"°,"^_*"swords,polished steel,milk-white,••J'^-s*- --.- _c-.bringsFasBsd the Art4 oa the tthand at herPowhatan from the Japsneae Government to ours.Adndral,'modore, and was selected for this mission that otirThe Admiralboat and certaia of his mentripandtalked wiih their equals when they met him—eojoying^present,;by their President, Te8chiiiam«, (we haTenOto take hia o«m be invited TascHsii- but would not hear of tha hia men" should too. Lieut.J^^HMftte hour was spent in gettmg the right .order ofpass'totheInternationalfiadota. For-thorough'cortaU classJcat^dry-dockhng-eklHtjMy »d^ff'^*i www.fultonhistory.com *««sia«jf'>-4S