 nUntTCM« M—NO. 2726 FROM EUROPE.Adviosa by tlie magaiaFROM WASHINGTON.Tkc 8«ute aid H««e DivMed oi tke HoMstcad BUI.THE AFRICANS AT KBT 'W^ST.cordlBgtoineeBt appearaaees a special Bxeeutiva session win be eonvaaed to eoaslaer the important matfeis paadlng, or whfoh aaay ba ooaamonlsatod.Thatepntof tka CowmHtse on EleethMs, in tha KairiBeky dceUoa east, statta tke official ma;oritT ofUt. AniifoB, the sitting member, to be three rotes that la caaseqnaBca of a miafe)ka nnwartag apon theahollsh the franking privilege, reported it with the recommendadofi that It do not pass.The eonstderation of the bill was then postponed nil til the 4ih Tuesday In December.Hr. 8TBATio>,oiNew-Jeisey,(Rep.,>frDrathaCoga- mlttee on Electloas, made a rapott in taeJUalaeky ooLtested election case, giving the seat to tha altMagPKICE TWO CBWTHVKOK BlTBIWe ATBBS.CiBlse af tke DalrUa-TlaU •• fl(<itao lalaad—Aaetleaa Coal $mg thi fi^W^ .ciRDnns iDcciiin of siuBiiiDi. Um speed as is nsnal on entering the station, dashed at full tpeed tbrougb the station, actually leaped on thefoce of the poll beak a in aoaae of the practacls, to the raember, Mr. Asnaasoa. He gave notice that he>»em Oar BoBHOs Axaaa,Tfet Bignd Pibee tt ratonMBarned fey tte P««ple.CmiSEAfFUtlIII PilllllBHT.Pimnlatioa of tke Belts to Heenu •ad Sayen.fi» frtvUti betwMi Kiuit ud Tnrkay.platform at tbe end of It, a height of Bbtween i andfeet, carrying with it tender, the break ram and oneor two carriages, and proceeding on its fear- Passaefe of theparties. They entered into athorough InvsstlsaiiloB of the pdla throogkoutthe dia- to the Indian Appropriation bill.^-^l*t» ^[. HoatnitlM were renewed, and the Royal Talaoa waa taken by the people, aad in the evening liinad down. Loea in killed and iraoaded reiyOtter towns in Sldly had rlaen.Xttt MnAardment stUl eontiimed on the tiat. BmaaaUOattte Ooremmeat was deliberatingaa a pnpoalUon to «der Iti dlscontlnaanee. The kaops ware cosoentraled is the Caatle, on which OtajMUXi commenced an attack at noon, 28th.The «mi1«i» Admiral had olliired jaotecUon to JkjMriean dUwai at Palermo.There waa great agitation in the Conrt and Hln- ratNaples. TheIfUnlstentenderedtheirrealg-itheSMh.A UbenJ CaMnet waa expected to be formed. esssim waa already csirying oat Important ad-taiabattcD reforms at all places in hla power.TcBor, Thnraday.Msy 21, Tke following details of Ga>ibau>i'8 attack on Meimo hare been recetred from a reliable aoorca. At 4 o'clock on the morning of the a7th Guibaldi at- taAad Palermo, on the aoQth aids. A deaperate com-could acqnire a UUe at once under the Seaato Ull, bot an actual settler would have to wait five rears, and then pay25 cents per acre and the Land Office foel Fourth, the Honsa bill gives the land to thesettlerat'kat easoed, which lasted lix hoors. The people llshmenLtbe name of "ity,'' to delude us with the idea that it was to confer mutual and reciprocal privileges upon the people ofada themaalvas masters of all parts ef the townTha, funds this moming showed a tendency to in-received at his hands.The flagaidp Coagress, brig Bmimiriigt, aad staaak-athe sooth of the Strada dl Toldo. A ter-bombardment was opened by sea andbut a which slight Improvementboth coimtries. The advocatesof thatnotwithstanding wliich the people con- to flght. The troeps retired within the Bryal Palace, Custom-house and Castle. Hostilities war* ssspesded from 10 until 13 o'doek, when thestraggle reooanmenced with greater desperation. Tta Royal Palace waa taken by the people, and In the e*<ail>k was burnt down.Other towns In Sicily had riaen. The inhabitantsNorththat they do not adjourn tmtll tiie middle of nextpreferred to adjourn Moaiday.'waa at least SB importanatnsdtep tdolrefclUaiwnib,om it our arrivalglhe brig Parry having sailed only Iks paarl- that the mutoalbaaefite blessingsThe Important feature of the treaty, and that iMeh commaBder, had been ordered to tooeh at St CMk-gives it tke tiUe of Reciprocity, is tiie ttiird aitlela, erlnes on his way home, and to lake from thaaeeavesywhere MBXaASCXLforcTor.'"Puis, Thursday, Hay 31, A telegram this moming <rom Naples confirms fta aaav of the entrance of Gakxbai.di into Palermo. OaaDUui,atthetaeadoftbe.TolunMars,paMt>Kted, Sag, fh hand, Into the centre of tbe city, during the kOBbaii^ent, and estsbllabed his headquarters there.liOas tn killed and wounded very considerable.Tha American dtlsens at Marsala had gone onboard the ftlgats /rsfnets.The British Admiral (MuasT) had offered the pro-tactioB of Tng"'*' ships to all the Americans at Pa-Ninis, Wednesday, Hay 3O-»:30 A. H. The bombardment of Palermo lasted several hours, si««T»»TT)Tenteredthatownonthe27th. Thebesieg- 1^ forces were not numerous, but being commanded ky heroic leading parsimi, the victory waa obtained. Tke headquarters of Oausaliii are in the centre ofthetown. ThenumberofkiUadislarge. I3BSATBBITAIM.ParHameDthadreassembled.Important papers relating to Chins were submitted, fdviagfoll particulars of the ultimatum and the Clii aaw reply. The ultimatum demanded ample apology far tha Pel-ho afair, the restoration of the guns and ahips lost on that occasion, the ratification without de-han been praparsd witn specW lalwaaua to tfidge, acaicelypoedbletofindemploymentforanyamount INCIDBHTSADDOIJURIISODTSIJOIOTTBIBALLS unlesaQierewasraliahieteeurftrfltatitwOalddB InciDdiBCevaryaitlclattCaaadiwytadQettaBwUeh thaDaj^ratoaeiiedthere.^^V.^i-,Sbetuiattended withfstal results, took place on the eve- Blag of the 30th at the London termlmos, Klng^ eress, to a return excursion trsto on the Great Northern Rail- way from Liverpool, Manchester, Sheffield and Sped derafleld and other large towns in tha North of Eng. lead. The train which constated of 39 carriages was due at 6:40 P. M. The engine, Inataad of alaokeningIfeM^tk REW-YOBK, FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1860.Sime^,ful and predpltoua courae, ran down the Inclinedplane, immediately under the dock, and acroaathe old Saint Paaeraa road, where It .bursttlirongh the enclorare of the MetropolitanRailway worka, and had it not been for the immensequantity of earUi being there, atulT excavated from thsaaw road tonnel, it would have probably burst Itself inthe (haft of that undertaking. The engine, teqderand brake were completely destroyed, and the ethercairlagea more or less injured. Many of the ptsaen- gers sustained acrloua wounds and contusions. It was found that the guard had irmly ^tplisd the firstpropriattmaBUI.35th was received.IT correspondent eaetoaehlag apoa tka dgkla at 1^ r..most of whom were conveyed to their real- dencci, are about 14 in number.niAIMTB.Secretary Covb has sent a eomnnjnication totka Senate la eaovUance with the joint reao- to-day,hitlaa of Feb. 26, 18W, " To prevent the cm^atoMt- lag of the cotBs of the United States," staUag that Profa. TxTHAxa and Raoass, ths Commissieaers ap-that the House adhere to the House bill, gave a synop- sis of flw House aad Senate Ulls. Tliavatfferad,tie said, in five nromlnent features, as regards tlie par- sons who are to be toe beneficiaries ; the preemptors now on ilM Government landwe atjourney ,and after consuming niiw days over a sferers,offour hundredIhla da Santa Catherina, oppoalto tke Pert Stmsnifeitad yesterday in the health of Prince Ixbohx has not been maintained.Tbe Senate discusfed the petitiona relative t6 tlie legal poaltlon of rellgfous oongregationa and astoela- tiona.M. Durni in making the request in the name of the Committee proposed, to refer the petitions to the HIb- isten of the Interior, of Justice and of Public Worship, In the discussion wlilch followed, several Senatorsfor parvosa limn MtO.OQO to •Ii0,a00 was not ^reedto.The vole was Teas S6, Na^s 27.Several peHttoes agaiagt the iacraase of the dutyon 4«al were ftMaatod.Hr. Fiia,ofIndiaaa,(I>eak.,) ftomthe Committeeon PilaUagi reported la favor of printing 1,060 copies oftheSmMisoitaBreports. A^eedto.Mr. Wiuba.'of llaasachnsetti^ (Kap.,) caQad up thaproposed theorder of thetha session tillMr.HmnBOf Virginia, (Dem.,) suggested the 21st tut.day,rejected byrsiolattoaezlaadiBgaad ws found at gan-boat flotilla,will not be referred to the Hlnister of Justice.The Paris Moniteur had published an article asserting tbe most peaceful intentions on the part ofduced, independent of the ordinary processes of ths Mint This commimication has been ordered to beIhroaghhDslaeas.The Bourse was dull, but prices were better—TBS IKDIAV AKS LMISLATITX APPKOFBIATION wIcUbd taas*.Ths Boose then resolved to adhere to their own guay Expedition, and it is witti a view of 1e«15Jc.__^____ Caasatarelad latenigeaee.bUl wtttMut a division.A recess ttxna 434 to T o'clock was taken.BTXimia BKSSION.that the Dolphin lias been ordered to call In ITUs duty accomplished, we trip an^or, and ara once more on our bound for HoatavUao. A Ut-9Hi>Ary-T-J -'".u ' i 1,-1 -J»<i"P». «IP.WJ^^^^ —,J*—:4il»Bg*ggagB!gg!'agB^8BBHgBBg^BI^ "P^H |^-^.M^M^;^ij^_'^--.^"*--^^^.'_..-J.Jj»l|^^l_^'.JM^4^f.W-^iWI * ...-the Emperor. The London nmcs ridicules the arti- printed with the report of the CommiidaDerE.Hr. PvoB, of Ohio, (Dmb.,) iBored to lay the mo- $10 for a quarter section; the Senate bill requites tloB oa the taHe. $40 for a qoarter section, twice as costly as thegra-official letidenca of oarCausal,Ssaaxt 8.riiBiiaWicle, and asserts that it belies itself.Prince Jzaou BosiPASi, uncle of the Emperor,was very ill, and there was little hope of his re- covery.The Emperor end Empress had gone to Lyons to meet tbe Dowsger Empress of Russia.ao Bopc roB thx hohkstsad bill.The Homestead bill is still in limbo. The secondHr. WierAiL, of Texas, (Dem.,) said that we could duatsd lands in Hissouri. Fifth, the Senate bill com- Esq., who has filled tha poeitiaB many yaaiB. Balatariffwas twoIearsafterasurrey;tbeHousebilldoesnotLoRscnr, Thursday, Hay 31. Daitw Knet' City ArticU,Tha Hoosa reassembled atThe funds opened with steadiness, but closed iDavis,Hissiaaippi, (Dsm.,) suggested thatperwas done In any department of tbe market.adopted bynavy, beingbut 250 tonsregiatar..will strike off.getmethod of thanks for tks retniaingmany<Timu' Article. CitjfOne amendment provides for ths is- soa of twenty millions of Government Bonds.The Tariffquestion comes up hi the Senate to- morrow.TBI BODBI nags NOT AOBIE TO FOSTPOHg TBI AO-JOVUMEIT.The House will not consider the Senate's proposi-the Committee on Finance, If It was poaslble tothrough the Appropriation bills by Utmday.Hr. Huana said he could not thought theyura, aad was christened byReciproc-creased firmness,took place was not maintained, the advices from Paris being rather duU. There were again no Gold opsraUona at the Bank to-day. At the Bank, to-day, there were few applications for discount In the open market the minimum terms are 3i(1i3Ti.Utopian the-Sontbera liemiMhlifferektMittBrMkip t&e Biltinore CnvinAlUi.TxnkaaxMn w jihmul wtaaam.Speaial SlafaMi to ^aWrw-T^kTteea. 'WsgaoiMMi, Itandgy, Jiqis 14, I860.party, msjaittylalM, The report is eoncnrred ia by MeaaisSeveral lattgenticmea aaated isamedlate coacurrsacebrother scilbhia' of tka a t^paiWrs (MaKat, Byof coins. Theae he had beenappnqtriatlastthatand valaable of ourlarge portion Second,ThatownorHosM Senliora da Deateno (oordeaattadlady) whiefckthagentlemen, atated,aeleeted for that duty hrom their liigh character aa acieatific men, and their familiarity with the sulgects Involved In the invettlgatioB. They had pnnsad their Inquiries with diligence and dispatch, aad on April 23 reported to the Treasury Dapaitmaat, ex- pretslag tluir entire eonfidsnee in the proposed plan, and asking for a snfflelent appropriation to testpopulattoD.tbe House bill includes in ite Irenefita all preSmptora.SB aettra bOBbaidment by na and land.toao^ ratrealad to the Palace aad other public 60 sgslnst 28. The petitions have been sent to the it and produce a specimen coin, the expense being es- said that nalaasaahaags wag aad* ia the day of ad- public land sale, and the specalaton haro had ttieir here a BraxOlsn stesm whoThe RoyalBotboilt, hsrl^which wasMinisters of the Interior and of Public Worship, but timated at $4,300 for each denomination to be pro- jonranmnt tt would be nttsriy iaqpoidUe to gat pick—land-warrant speculaton after a land sateCommitteeofConferencehavereportedthisthat they could not agree. The third Committee hasbeen appointed on the part of the Senate, eonsisttng iBtoaibwdays. The Senais had dniy-datUad.a large fortune by fanning, to which he daralas ailBILLS.The Senate loaded the Indian Appropriation billwith numerous amendments, and the House dis-Pending a tom, the qiaclal order, tke Legislative Appropriation Bill, was taken up.agreedtonearlyeveryone. ACommitteeofCon- Hr.cent lower than yesterday. Very little business ference was appointed. The Poat-officc Appropria- the Preatdent make all the Senators take their aeate.make thein five andahalf a d^a,Impression Mr. Toons replied that the question had been set- our manufactiueis and our merchants, our lumber- of the Tlen-sln Treaty at Peking, and an indemni- all remains quiet in that capital and on the main Docous does not yield. The Georgia Delegates tled by forty pncedenta. Senators thought this bill men and our fishermen.yapera dispel all hope of an amicable settlement Lord J. RcssaiL explained the nature of the Rus-Ing and utterly abolishingthe toteinaipolicy InaaaiB took place at the Alhambra Palace, London, earl; yesterday morning. Her advices have been an-land.The Timer contains the following dispatch" A telegram from Naples of the 31st ult announcestoo Important to consider when the Senate was ttiin,but the Senate seamed to them full enough to dealete laneous. Theseare wholly andIng to about tlie same sum as otir own. Some twothat the bombardment of Palermo was still continued." CONCLCSIOH OF TBI WOOL BALXS-steamingamong tbem, in advance, would cause no surprise Legislative Appropriation bill, which, after tha eon- f;aatted, in tlie spirit if not in the letter, by the Cana- country, were most barbarously betrayed aad batik-The most bitter andsaid Austria, Prussia andEnglanddissented orMonday. Atpresentthenumberofberthsengaged theHouse,andtheOppositionvotedowneverythingto mea resident w1k> had witnaaaad ti>e exeentiaa,Uaaad proposed that Turkey herself should iastitute anpropositions rela'ive to the Christians InTurkey ,tChaenaadcta,awnidthtahecoltahuesreBdreictliashrinPgrovlncIemapoermtbaraced culpritswerepidnoiwonedonelinebatcka, tbaas to tlie state of the Christians, which propo- agUon the Sultan was acting upon. France sided srMi Russia.Last) Hmisnrxe is dead.Ths formal presentation of the belts to Sirxas andis comparatirely small.ArrlTal af the VIga.Indlicilminately that they do not themselves propose. Mr. Yaicit receives a terenade to night from thein the treaty subject to the same duties as are Im- posed upon Imports from other countries.taqgiryasry mode of death by the criminal code.It Is the popular opinion here among tha foraiga The amendment appropriating nearly $800,000 for reaidents that ere long Uruguar will become, by cap-U said, will proceed to sea on tbe day appointed. A trial trip la to be made to-daypecteadjourned.^^^^it wss intended to fosterand bnUdThe Great Eatiern, itup.kuwwhich sailed from Liverpool at 2 P. H. on (he 30th,the Speaker to convey to tbe presiding offi-cer of tbat body the grateful ackaowledgments of thisBause for the valuable present and the books to be the exigencies of the service require ita indeedof the Brazilian which wouU Empire,and fromon the 3l8t ultimo, arrived hereamended by the addition ofprovisothat thlaahaUQueenstownbleaslngfor the civilized aa community,:polntelengtti. Having discussed all tbe faatores Involved,have declared their intention not to enter the Con-miscel-Mr. Elt enforced at some yean since,vention,Thebut to remain here and await the resultarethe Treasury by adding appropriations to ing bill.thepend-DelegatesThe Senate then resumed the conslderaUon of thepassportsof a Democratic explosion.partisan feeling is displsylning itself on the floor ofbyand who deacribed vabraycgkrtaophicallywhtiolemtehe axeeIuk-*Wasbihotos,Thursday,June14. Hr. Adams, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) from the Joint Committee on the Library, reported a resolution which was adopted, accepting the public jouraals The screw steamship Vtg^o, Capt. Mibihousk, MIUTABT AXPAIBS—TROOPS SIM AQAIN8T TBI from the Chamber of Deputies of Sardinia, and re-Uaner passed ttaw, cuttinga thioatsofhisvictimswlUi knife,whichistbeordl-Southern fire-eaters.INDIAMS.The Adjutant-General received a heavy mailThe House then resumed tbe conslderaUon of the Senate's amendmente to the Army bill.received by the French Goverament con-ram, but with reserve, the news of the entry of Gia-XBiiai hito Palermo. The fact, however, cannot be tbeie facts, which were inade known to me by a lady will proceed to Pott Marcy, and relieve Lieut. O' Central route. As tbe session was drawing to a close, 000.yet considered as ofilclal. whose means do not unfortunately keep pace with BtKSOX, Regimental Quarteroiaster at that post and there was there- fore not time for Ite consideration, Mr. Cdxtib remarked that the aggregate was aAspatchThe exports to India during the quarter ending 3Ist her generousaaaae period of 1629. However, there is an increase which may be sent to us for the relief of the family»"amount $300,- P" ,^,cu il Eii.ilfb. To-morrow aad the day fol-of 7 percent, to Ctdna—the total has been £1,466,681, abowtsg an excess over laat quarter of 18i» of £190,- 7t3 or more than 50 per cent.akow a previous wantofatrlctneaaanddisoretloa on1 beTbe Invt St 1 gallontaa la not yet complete. It Is aaid the new case will eling agent for a wholesaleJouB P. Baows, dragomanOfficial dispatches have been received here con-rumor of be- anticipated hostilttleaon Printing. We should eKher comnleW »pptant»lSm.ofCommit-of theCity, was drowned off the steamerthe Stock Exchangenth, says that Mr. Edward l. Baooxs. a trav- hardware house in thistbe part of the penona will alao between connected, and Inst,the opinion that InIke Bank the superrlsor over the clerks must havekeea lax, but that In other respects there wui be no three Dllea of that place, he came out of the cabin aawfoatnra.to have the amendmentsbat wartatrengthenthe managemsot oflo-P'-^J P/ mentawere printed, tbe subject would t>e roiifasad, bill Urey had p«»ed^ J ^^aat session.Aa acddcBt of • terlAe ck«lset«T; batao bill an withoutHr. VAiLunnsBAV, of Ohio,eoaalttee to which waa refanad tha Senate bUl toThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The Comml'fee rose, when^sc£i>^3->^i;-:^-?-'^iifVS9lfea*«>t;?^s->-^-«S^i^fc<^--f^'W^gp?:^4aL3^-:-- :^-'--^.^^gijp^ji^-^^aajKrj.J..:-fortunatelydployment to themdirect alma. I inclose my addressacceptable as amerely increased the,'5f . ';'ek V journal, the C^mmercvH Tanet, whichImpulsei by personal evloence.Mr. M'BiTXLST resumed aaying that K our f.jrlid,:a'Stsfhih LrSBrsoToa is to be tbe sad jisdga,referred to ahaevening unanimously.previoua°''*'would be morethan guaranteeand they,have been confirmed alSCILLAHEOrS—NO DirriCDLTIXS IH OBNTBAL and In order to afford an opp'>rtunity for the further mlllioB and a quarter.M. (The above reaches us from a perfectly reliableexamination by the Press and Congress, be offered aaiirtl Sirour bmiabie Consul, Mr.HPBSoa.ooeof tks atswsirtl.or March, amounted to X3,7M.U6 against, £4.Si7,607la the eoirespondlng quarter of last ;ear, shoMngateouction of about 21 per cent compared with the and highly respectable quarter. Any contribution Consul to Constantinople, passed the House last Tuesday in December.En. Tuus.]AcciDKNTAL Dkath.—The Wheeling (Ta.) Union, suspected, secured the unanimous vote on this biltproperly applied.—when we are atpeace wlUiour -W^l'cr ani allCrimean War.Our Consul here, Mr. HcnaoR. is wall known andrespected In yrnr City. He is decidedly the mostman in Buenos and a credit to the na- popular Ayres,tion he rf presents.A sranc raceball Isto be liven after the racsa atConery, on ths 6th Steubeavllle. Mr. Baooxs had been at Wellsburgh on b islness, and waaand San Salvador.among the Central American States.Indiana, (Antt-Lecompton Dem ,) and othera, waated*. MoRab took a?.m»ar^^^ ^^of thisAopropriaiion FortificationwaU THE MAIOB,on bis back to way7or the Assaoiated Press. WAsmasTov, Thursday, June 14.gratified.Mr. Ccana objected, saying thatif all ths amamlwere annosiDCod la tbe Chapel of Harvard College on tiro 1201. HearyWellsburgh andprinted,notlectleut Tbe Mayor of Steubeavllle immediately snaoancedthasadcasualtytottiafriendsofthede- ceased by telegraph.poaitioa message. Hewillappraraexamlnatlaa b« alibrdt"h"eoTMtllDlOl^aOrDv Academy was limited to four yecaarrse.tsis assigned to a post of duty with tbe expedition underwhile the ultrasswearpublicTbe Republican Senators objected, and urged that our citizens, are alike pernicious. It Is prejudicialevening,jostiea to omaalvea but me Houie has passedseparate bill, now pend-of Messrs. Jomisoii, of Tennessee, FrrsrATSiox and Mr. BsiOBT, of Indiana, (Dem.,) said that the Sen-afterwards visit Madagascar, and eatablish a solid Camhos. There is no hope for the passage of the ate had sat more hours this sessioB than for yeaia but lUUe in Callforaia, Kansas and Nebraaka. Un- occupation of the principal points in that Island. biU. previooily. der the Honse bill the Government land everywhereItla thattheFrench reportedtroopsIn Chinawillor Oregea, to which the Senate btU would ap{dy, and Hr.WmpaixsaidbelaaantwhathesaidlnaPick- woiMbeopentotbepioneer.The anthracite cool allodedthe property of tbe Unltad States Nary OafMtkat, havingbeendepoaltadherefixtksnasaftkaPasa-oftion bill was reported in the Senate tliis evening with- The Prealdent received the auggettion with pleas-triphad the honor to move a resolution, which was 730 miles. The De^iim is tha smaDast 1andThe discount market remains quiet, and best bills out smendment and passed. How different to the ure, requested Senators to reatmw their seats.relative to thecal worUng of tbe treaty concluded with Greatgreatare taken at 3H1i37i percent. The aucceaslve re- ductions in the terms of tbe Bank of England have not yet caused any Influx of builneis to that estab-TheOrder being restored, the special order was post-for a few minutes and the resolattoa toponed adjonrawss sgaln considered.Hr. BxioHT inquired of Hr. Hubtik, Chairman ofItgivaayourc1action on a similar bill lasttlve Appropriation bill waa also passed, but with sixty-seven amendments, most of which the Houseto hertion tocontinue theseaaion,untiltheyare aatiafied thatCongresaofcalled the "Reciprocity Treaty" This tresty haaat least six yaara to ma. Itiras,he said, commended to us under the alluring guise of a free- trade maas-inclency on the present cruise, being moat ablyned, officered and sailed under Qie diraetian of I mender CaAiua SixinaAB, to wiuiBt I takaILegiala-Britain, on the 5th dayattastingprsjadiec of Mr. CimOwa'oerraapuadam.was served the npcmiif, notice of the coateat *c..would call up the aubject to-morrow.The House then acted on the Senate's amendment"'*^''-'; Wednesday. April Ig, imi^enaiB, Savxb, CAjmmx, Maxstmi, MoKjaoBt and 89An«>.RapKMoiatiro CoBWia, who had been 111, appeared tn tha House to-d«y.Hr. Babxssau, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) was satis- fed 'hat Congress could go( through all the business that ought to be transacted by Monday.Ing yOBootof hisprasarlhad llsatts. Acting upon the advice of a physidaa,\o' tha Honae, tha Iw^rrasingheada of lamlliea, cutting off young men over 21, afor Tesaala. lig^tdtaaght tradingGreatooafusioBexistid-^alf adosen Senhtorsad- dresslng the Chsir at once.7 P. H.Mr. Eat, of New-York, (Rep^) indicated thepolBts of a speech. On the 26th of March last, heway,tie more fm-tunato thia ttma, we kava been cHr. CAauoa, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) was willing to stay UU December to drtatothe revenue.ory, universal free trade, were led to believe Uiat it er PuUtld ware fennd aackoiad at Maatovidar. am la that aadHr.CuHOHAK.ofCarolina, (Dem.,) suggestedwould vindie^ the practical wisdom of that thaoqr. eusdayfo- tha United Btataa. Capt TnamsAa, kvweek, as many of the Senators will be at Baltimore, and ttiey had better extend the aeadon, although hewhichprovidesthatcertainofentubmeeBrraiteisdhaCorItOWBsis,sboe-f threemutineersofthewhaladdoI>*«f,whoka*at- ing the growth or produceNorth America or of the United States. AaH be ad- tempted to seeora Am vassal by tka aaaaaMaaflaa a$The dally Increase of political distrust in Germany>and on the continent generally, keeps the rate formoney extremely low in all the princlDal cities, aad the bnainess before them caanot be disposed of bytenda to promote remlttancea to London. At Ham- Monday. The work this evening indicates that there adjourned once for the Deaaoeratlc CoavimUon, wlilch Buta sjanaa over the aehednle abowa Mare caa be ttgatad by Cqit Maxvbli. Wocanu, of tkawars shoating, " Italy forerer !" " Tic- burg the rate la only IH, and at Frankfort it la will be no necessity for prolonging the session. ended in a Irox, and ha would not adjourn fsranotber no rc^iooity in Ike arrangement It appaan to and the mnUneen were aedaadiajaaieven at 1. The principal business in the railwaymarket to-day has been in connection with the settle-ment Tbe appearance at tha close waa rather unfa-vorable. Thagraatsrpartolthastockboughtontha theCapWrt,aadwasasilaualytajaaad. Aaaiftaja tariff- TfWwa^lB^ivasfr-vhsn^aa^asiRFiiMNkMi^h C»tsbleameaha»d#ulsa»ttaa—aBhaaslIstoaUtkalaandbaaMa.late decline appeared to have been taken up specula- of the circus struck a child with an Iron apike, injur- long speech, and holding out false hopes to the To Canada ths privilege of exporting to ths United President Lopxx, at AssnmptiOB. Tne ftiaaU ia oaa tively on borrowed money. In some cases the public ing him seriously. Several arreate were made, and country. Let them go before the people on the tariff. Staffs, free of duty, the articles embraced In the of the boaU formerly plying on Long Island Bonad.seemalsotohavebeenpurchasers. Thepresentquo- tations, although for the new account in June, are a little higher than yesterday.LoitnoH, Thursday, May 31—Noon. Consols have been very inactive all moming at 85^ to H, alternately, buyers and sellers at 9S 3-18, and arenowrathersellers. Indian,106H. Sharessteadya regular row la anticipated to-night IXPIACaMIBT OP JVDOI WATSOirS.Tha Judiciary Committee have agreed to tbe reso- lution of Impeachment of Judge Wsiaoirs, of Texas, but do not anticipate reporting It before next session, as the printing of the testimony is greatly behind.Pennsylvania (Biqlis) reminded him of the early preachers of Christianity. He was like the voice of one crying In the wilderness. [Roars of laughter.] He respected his motives, but pitied his condition. [Renevred laughter.]could ask or desire, for the schedule embraces every-coTJut) by the Navy Department, to form one of tka Paraguayfleet. It Is supposed that ahe will be ready In about two weeks, having received many altorattoaa and a new boiler, which waa sent out to the sliaaatilp ReUate from tha Unltad States. It ia prabahls tbat the Paiasiri will always ba kept upon thla stattaa, akaandwithout the least change from the rates closingnual revenue of some $2.0a0,000, la under tbeto theof ftaor LIOIBLATIOir.A workman fell this afternoon from the dome ofsomething. CLauglitier.] Tha tarif was ggttiad. Vo oaa erorllBd a BMikat in this coaitoy, aad eadndingThe (leaaar Palssts, Liegt-Commniiling UtMmt,Tariff and em. 12 T-lt'Sa-U. Trunk traffic considered bad. Senate, the Committee may report, and fix the con- Agreed to. Yeas, 24 Nays, 20.man here Is so rain as to make a spteoh to coaviaeeisbalBgveryezteaaively lapaired at HaatnMseMr. of BisiiB,treaty uponstay hero anddiscussyesterday. Canadiandull. Trunks, 6<3)i. West- Shouldtheaeaaionbeextended,asisproposedbythe Mr.Wusoiimovedtoameadtoadjeumonthe2Sth. tion01thetreatyanactualdrainupontheTreasurv RiverLaPlatte.French dull.1 P. M.—Consols, money, 9SSNew Threes, 93K. gjiiOV —sideration of the subject for some day in December next It is understood that the Committee were near-;The main resolution as so amended—The appearance of Montevideo frsm aeakoaid is Quite picturesque, but the beauteous ideas fonaadbir the traveler are far trom realised a I;2:U P. M. Console, money and account, 947i'S9S;the sum of $189,730. He further proceeded toNew3Vcents,g3!it«N.liBteatvuQaeeaatovrB.Loxnos. Sunday, June 3.exception of a Ca- to that of tbe Ualted;The consioeratioaLegislative Appropriationoelng byThe houses are wblie-plastered, and neariv ail IConsols, account,of thebill was resumed. The amendment proponng theThe Post's Paris correspondent telegraphs that thenews of the capture of Palermo has made a deep of DocaLAS are still sanguine,Loutslsna to levy tonnage duties in certain casea. our uponrevenue and tbe Interesta of States, prfratepiloaa.8B0IDXBS—P088IBILIIT OP HO BOIOBATIOir. The city is again filled with Delegates, discussing the chances of candidates in Baltimore. The friendsRecess at 4 till 6 o'clock. EYIBINO8BS8I0N.The Senate reassembled at 6 P. M.lent pampero gales, and, ofourowncittiensinourownmarket tereatwhatever.ThemarketiaabundantlyaappUad—the 2Mti—was agreed to.has so fallen that the expenaea of It off, collectingduring tbe Isst four years exceed the gross receiptsView the treaty from whatever stand-point yon may, permitting it presents the same forbidding aspect Its effectPennsylvania, (Dem.,) desired tothasetUe Itopera-being pecuiiariy adaptedaavigatiaaly or quite unanimous for his impeachmentIBBBALTnOBICOBTUITIOB—TBBIATSOPTBI Baoynisnagndahalfwasdiscussedatlengtiiandr^ectod. show that instead of stimulating domesticthe claims of the Choctaw Nation of two mU-byindustry and enteroriae, it baa invited the productions of foreign Isbor snd foreign soils to compete with theprodudtonsbut one story high, as a protection against tiiaMr. TooHBSdesired toget upthe billIkatt qolte equal,on the people of Naples. Nevertheless, terribly, and threaten to break up the Convention, If tbe Senate was too thin to consider so important a bill. alike to the interesls of our farmers and mechanics, Hontovideo, and ttmt the Government is alaraya iaa state of fiiefr nalioeal debt amonat- abject poverty,li^ty of 4,000,000 tsels for military expenses through theCaat^ afiir. The Chinese reply refosea an apolo-gy fat the Pei-ho matter, dedinsa to allow an Ambas-ador to go to Pektag, naming Peitaog aa the place oflattleatton Inatead of Peking, refoaea to restore theg;usa and ablpa, or consider the payment of an Indematty, and refeis Mr. Becci to the regulations carried Contrary to expectation, the sales passed off with In- no one, will be iwinlnated at Baltimore. The Repub- the Post-oiSce Appropriation bill from the Bouse, Its avowed and manifest objecte have been wholly beaded by the British representative, Mr. Tsoaaroa.freely, and a collisionhe said we have, as a remedy for toe evlla, to abro- the trea^ at once. It iias been peisistonUy vio-and be to laasa Iko pemdttedTbe Colonial Wool sales torminaled on Saturday. here. It seeais to be quite certain that Douqlas or sideiaUon of vuious amendmente, was passed. dian Government ever since the day it was ratified, t^ ered in one of the public squares, notwlttntaadlag Mr. Htmna, from the Finance Committee, reported a yearly increase to tariff duttes on American exporta. the protestations of the foreign diplomatic corps,•at at the recsption of the American Mission. Theae creased Urmness, at prices fully as high as In March. licans can draw great encouragement from the pros- without amendment.perverted, and it haa been used as a means of defeai- The scene of this inhuman murder was ptrintod oatTBI OBIAT XASTEKN.The bill was aspassed reported,•a tiw tOth. Mr. Dcwuss, of BtU'i Life, presented ticlDstf d by the North Briton, which reached Father this moinlsg from the Pacific and New-Mexico, in deposited in the LIbiaiy. Mr. Rxasah, of Texas, (Dem.,) said that If this ap- In want of good rulers, and tbe abolition of the nk-;Ihs latter with a complimentary address. Gioiai 'Point laat Sunday, and by the Niagara, which left which, among other information, it was stated that Mr. FiTiT, of Indiana, (Rep.,) from tbe same Com- propriation was not made, the Governor of TexasasTbe steam communication between MontevldaoWnxas did the same for Sams. Each declared all aiaiTrsITT builcd.The entertainment eonalsted of nigger songs aad dsnces. Between the acta the men were brought •a aad the eetemony ef presentation was performed. Tke sn.irhTT were in evening dress, then stripped off IheiT ooats, hackled on their belts, and walked round tha ring arm in am.mittee, reported a bill appropriating (60,000 to com-would feel Impelled, by motives of humanity, to con-gulnary despotismexistingpresentTbe peifonnMA, as it waa called, is to be repeated Iwtea a day this week. _children,Inverygreatdistress. Theyunfit for service on the Texas border.Mr. McRas, of Mlsrlaslppl, (Dem.,) accused Mr. other rupture between tiie Argentina Repuhlie and;!IIIoperatlona againstvene the Legislature, at great expense, so as to keepOB the Zd and Queenstown on the 3d. A NewlTork Family In Platreaa.troops were being concentratedLiverpoolTo the Editor of the New- York Timetfortho hostile Indians. Company H, StswAai'a Third plete the publication of Wilkes' Exploring Exnedl- forces In tbe field. One vUorous cam;>algn, vislttog this port (Buenos Ayres) la greatiy ia want of amelio-the<lilapidated nearment as Every mtelllgantHudson-streetla arespec-entirely unnecessary. are now about to be as tin armyofficerdisapprovesandcondemnsthe calUngof Ilearn vrllhdnwn, Goneed andafflicted with poverty and sickness. They are tem-(called up the joint resolution to reduce the price of;ArtHlary,ceed to Caraon Valley with dispatches—Capt Stxw- AXT being in command of the battalion. Company H, Sixth Infantry, was to be dispatched from Fort Hum-work, which conaists of thirty-eight volumes, six of which are yet to be published. Referred.The House went into Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union.tbem from further depredations.Hr. Ous, of New-York, (Dem.,) opposed the amend-steamers PamperoandCimsrirvrwit, which are hiredold tenement bouse No, 135at 500 aad patagones per month,InWestTenth-street,table family, consisting of a man and wife and twofrom Gen.Uxqcizaand A- Fubi'b Sixth Infantry, ware to pro-are boldt for the same service. Adetaehmaat of elevenmen proceeded by the way of Benlcia, and receivedtbls mounted regiment Into the field. The amend- Mr. HasEiH, of New-York, AnO-Lecompton Dem.,) ment was urged on toe ground that the army wasGeneral la not quite satisfied with the present 1mentsoftheConfederation,andthepiospaelsofan-perate. Isduatrlous as far as able, and are certified by two mounted howUzers. Lieut WAansa, of the Third prliitiuR 40 per centum, to take effect from the passage. OuH of a cold-blooded spirit and sectional prejudices. Buenos Ayres Is not only probaiile, bat almost inev- The Pose objects ttiat Hxaasa, WB^wa only fought the Bishop to be deserving of the care of Christian Artillery, Is ordered to overtake the detachotent un- Mr. HonsToif, of Alabama, (Dem.,) proposed an ad- Be (OuB) was convinced of the butcheries, but waa itable. Vfere It not for tlsesa oontlnasl outbreaks, two battlea In his lUe, who waa dafaatsa in America, people. They are communicantein the Church, and der Lieut GtBBoii, and report for doty. Assis- ditional section, that afier the present session the not willing to anest them. which make the risk of an employment of forelgaaad who fought a drawn battle inEngland,haa nowof that clars of sufferers whose silent endurance of God's providence teems to shut them out from relief fortheveryabsenceofcomplaint Thefatherofthis family Is connected with our most respectable old residents. He was bom to plenty, and has filled officesand heof trust. His health Is entirely gone, yet goesout at 3 o'clock every moming to procure newspapers which he tells, and rarely gains enough to more thantant-Surgeon Ksxsxr Is to report for duty In of Congress and the Executive Departments Mr. OuB IndlgnanUy replied to this. He was op-printing ft woulda belt bearing the Ckaanpion of England.The Titna, In a leader, describes the terrible tor-BaDcy, periahad under the lash.The Pott'* Paris correspondent telegraphs that aCarson Valley. Capt. Callxssu, of the Ordnance be given out by contract to the lowest responsible poaed to tbe amendment because"he wanted to "pat an capital In three watere a very severe one, acom-of the Inappropriate inacriptioo ~smply recompense speculato'S to establishof oany of American ateamboats.to ply "r°" ""^ nverskaiea iiUlcted by tbe police of the of KingtheirMr. OLm was a deliberate and wiual calumny on the Montevideo, being almost«"cl^ ^'"JNaples. Darkness, aad torture chletlv by flogxlng, are used to adract avowaU of complicity In political plots. Re- eaatly an old nan and his daughlcr lar gone in preg-of Texas.Tne amendment was rejected, only 48 voting in fa-I'^'ej- dout-ir lu «1«,The '?(rre«i ^%Y'^^^, water, whichThe esse of thisand generous relief, after which a little em-vor of itThe Senate's amendment making aporopriaUons obllgea «»«'* from tiie souUiaaSclear bis outlay. promptfamily requiresFoit Dalles. Capt. Mnas, Assistant Quartermaster, were raiser as to the security of the propose! graat, for fortifications, was advocated by nr. WHrrsuT, ofand Amerfc.n here, I ronula.lpnDepartment, will proceed to San Francisco. Lieut bidder for two years.by preventingaad pouncingonpeaceableIndianadeprivingthemWaosss relieves Lieut. Wunss In the duty ofActing Assistant Adjutant-Ceneral in the Departmentof New-Mexico. Lieut. Drxon, of the Coros of To- failed. The resolution was passed.in thia trade. BuenoaAyreaia by farfrom the Select Pa- cific Railroad Committee, said It would be recollect- place to Hamey Lake. He will afterwards repair to cl that when the bill was before the House, objejctionspeoplepographical Engineers, will proceed to Eugene City, and select the best site for a Wagon Road &om thatMr. CcsTrs, of Iowa,( Rep. ,)right angleawhen, at 9 o'clock,the SenateHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.wnich conclualan, he declared hla intention to tnlrodneaalla bill to refpreoamlquestinganot be done unless, in the opinion of the President,ture,portionbut these had been remedigd unanimously by theof Major Stiis. Lieut Bill, of the Third Inlantrr, Committee, who had also added the Southern to the lon LOWAMXBICA.The bill for the relief of Fxaxcis Dxkaisi, latetrot even this small amount bo now appropriated for works inThe Interviewon the evening, on the avenue, between Mr. DxsAias andThis wai, adopted.Tbe proposition of Mr. Cuans to print S0,000 copiesof the bUl and report of the Committee, for tbe use ofmembers of the House, was referred to the Committee ""m;. Kuo^ Of Haaaachusetls, (R«P .) »^TMU"ieiw^or'tS;s«tradicting the tween Nicaraguavtew"°'V' '^r^'t propnsitlot.1prevailsP, Sir^b'.'&'ou« iSculd sS^rd'hT tReSteubenvllle. WhenwltMnaboutwith a chair, and waa about taking a aeat near some The extendOD of the session of Congress beyond and a large volume would be the conaequeaea,TheBowdoinprizesftrI860nualopportunity for full(Dam.,)Ihira the selectat it is Constantinople,Entire harmony Q.MT.»u«oii,of rtiwtoeonriaer upcutbe Roma Hotel, whlch,lt ia aaid, will be tended.at-The TSsu* again »x presses Its belief that It will be^[Blta «at of the questlan for the Government to carrythrough tha Reform bUl under the conditions Imposed over the guarda and was drowned before assistance business before that tlma. Besides, the President Hr. Cuans—It Is Uie offspring of tke Coomittee 1 i^iton TerritofryMr. Si^-rros tha study of,t^he at, ter, the firrt junior prize of $40when hla footflooring, cauaing him to lose his balance, and he fell Senators declaring that they cannot finish the publicMr. SniTH replied that Hr- Ccans had no homls of affection save for his own offiqrring.In a brokenof untvoldahle—the part the Monday is geaeraliy consideredcaughtupon them by tta state of business, during ths pt«s- could reach him. Mr. Bxooxs was a native of Con- sdheres to the he announced in his first an speak for.friends,«" COM for tbe payment debt senior otize of $40 IndUn War _itlee.Ac.dDocumentresolution Ibat the subject be postponed till the thirdfifteen millions why shouUMr. Smith, of Virginia, (Dem.,) aad Mr. Davis, of or piaaat^ give toem up.;NawalSpecial correapondenta residing In foreigs Ap- trlet. The avidaaoe fills two large volnmas. After The Senate resolution extending tte aesslon tUl (he cllmss are act axai9t from all tha Bisa eanihl exaaiaatioD of the evidence, a correctioa of all mistakes on either side, and striking out tbe 11- iBgal rotes, which the Committee say were proved to be saeh, frosn the poll of each Mr. Aanaasoa'shelrto,''aad thasit isyoa tad T — that "$Mhto.Mr. SasaiiAii aaid thla could ba done if Congreaa It; ihOBld have bata atattd yesterday, that Mr. strictly cosfinaa Itself to tbe public business. 11 itStalesbrig DolpUm, tks Hajor traal Unsaatf a*Onrafeired to the Committee of Waya and Haaaa.laTaa^aisotion of Mr. SnaavAii. of Ohio, (Rap.,) it waathe22ddayof the paat month balag rafUlyteWB*' Faitarotad for the rsselahiM nnilfatnay of tha akonld be aacartalaed on Saturday tliat a farther ex- past Uie Sugar Loaf on boardof the afimUro Oak ooabaet srlth tks Sislft dMrikuUoa o tenstoB of tha seaaion ia nccaaaary, he would ao rec- and bound to the River La Platte «U St. C«.A«lyaHice of Troops brake, but the second brake showed it had oaly bean AiT^WATMii Arr^Mo t<at lO nmagT rax patio'naga, tka Navy Tardf, aad af tka appoiatoea aBuaaad. Remaining two daya becalmed outaide Qmthe VatkiA Frontier. COMMERCIAL INTELLIOENCE.w»<t»»», Wcdaaaday, Jona IX Iha Ni»g»Ta artired here at 7^ o'clock thismrtaimt. She tau MTmtj-alght paoengen for Boa- •m, at wbkh port aha will be doe early Fildmj mom-aAMMBAXJtVa SCCCE&S.The report* of Oasibauii's roccesHa are con- Iraad. Be atUeked Palenao from the aoath side, at 4 ifekiek in the momlog of the STUi, and pene- kaM to the centre of the dty, flag in hud, after a 4Mfanleeeatet of itz hmm' doratioa, and dtiringpartially ai^lied. It was than discovered that the guard, Wsnsss, of Uanchcster, was in a stale of ta- toxlcatios, and he was taken into custody. Tkf suf-Of BBfJoaarHswiB, ia aanaeliOB with tke dcelsloo of tka cootraets for n^ktunySBNATK.WisBliiiaa, Tbnrsday, Jane 14.Bereral pctitians aad reports ware presented.The bill to settle private land claims ia California waa taken 19, and tke ameadmeat of tlie HotiseHr. CoiMZ, of ladtaaa, (Rap.,) from the Second l*af, a promontory which marks the 8«gvThe Paris Monitnr of the Slat announces that tha' pointed for the purpose, had examined the nrocessaa agreed to.aesslon of tbe Corps Leglslatlf has been adjoomed to and means proposed by Mr. J. F. Basclat, for pre' Tha Seaato bill to take care of and return the Aftl.the 30th of Jane, and also that the sUght improvaaaeat venting the abrasion, coucterfeiting and deterioration cans at Key West waa taken up, and the amendmen tbeir Intentlona ; the Senate bill excludea all but which is a capital rendesvooa for whalvsaal alaaIts operstlonsthoroughlyabout two hundred wka motattoalstB,had BuirendeRd on caodttton that thay sbonidxa-ceive tbeirComailttee <m tiie HooMstoad re-bill, trance of Uieleft haadsB- lesgUi startedenoarJaa<^ eatrsaoa ofthe a^Contaieaeeposted that they were unable to agree, and in moving harbor,tbe descrtpoon of land ; the prioe, and the policy of the Government as to compulsory land salea. Fust, as to persons, the Hoaae bill inchidea all citixena over 21 yeara old, and all who have declaredwhich commands the nortlMrnsage between the islsnd and the main laad.; brought within tbe pur view of the lawnow on the public landthe Senate bill excludes them, bat allows them two years to boy their lands at tbe Goverrment price—under the Senate bill pre- emptors now on the land cannot take the quarter sec- tion they are on, but must abandon or pay for it Third, the House bill applies to all laadsnbjeet to preemption, which eoven all Governraeat land not reserved for special purposes, irhatber surveyed or the Senate bill is confined to lands sucjeet toofUieaboro described and only aeeaaatble to rowels wtesa;portisland,laalroat 12 milaa trsia tha;the SBtbinst He private entry, which are only those remaining after a some 10,000 ishsUtantsnotget withbusinesseveniftke pelsthePresidenttoexposethejinbUqlandtosatein anoldmerchantcaptain,andit IssaidhasamMaadthroughnot cgnslidarfd at aU. It was notaor to the coantry to msh Om boitauBS of rix months ing tn tke Senate, preventing aalea until ten yeanaatier the aurvey. Mr. Coltax added, there waa no raises sugar, maadioca, *x., la ons o( fta most pialt-able and best managed in BraxlLland of any ooosequeace In Minnesota, Washingtonthla Bouse, but to which no response has yet been received, calling upon the President of thein ourseen asldered as fine a sea-boat as exists^United States for informationpracti-Mr. Hals, of New-Hampahire, (Rep.,) aaid he had mitted into eacheouatay respectively tea 9l do^. (heir *»!**'" Thla affair had pcsrioasty baaa I•vary nndnaliaii of this eounti/wlilch eaou lad acalling a Texas moimted regiment into the field, waaataad tlon ; $284,000 have already been expended on the all the calamities of war on tbe Indians, will deter ration. It la carried on at present part>y by tha warMr. Hasxik could not accept the amendment, be- cause it proposed to establish a system which hashomes.Mr RiAOArt said that the language employed by, .,, _,,, ,_ a mu<-h «b « »end to difficulties flell hnuads fromHe saM that tbetols purpose appropriated $675,000, and the pitmoslt-ISf.f"The t',^l''h•^'.V„,;,pd lumber some 2,C00 souls Tney sup-Delaware, (Dem.)House BUl (orpending'tions have costfifteen States? ,, IMr. PasBT, of Maine, (Rep.,) was oppose*'log rolling. We d^nt waat the app'oP"«"oif mdn-however,June, 1854, commonly respondent great pleaxuredl market tn ttie BriUA Nocth AaBiicaa^eolosiea. We the aittaaaa af Ike ffag-aUp are aaiptofod iaMag;There was no hope for it here. The Senator from schedule, la one of incalculable value. It la all sue and was purchased under her former nami (M<ta>ie impartlrons Jsainciacy tj,udobd^aajmeliaalJaaaaaa at mm4tmammn>n aesdTo us tbeporting tbe same articles duty free to Canada, Is buttha barren privilege of "carrying coals to Newcas- Ue."He then proceeded to examine the efleeta of tidathing sbe has to export.privilegeofex-our Federal reaources. Tliia branch of our foreign commerce, inatead of yielding us an an-to the extent of about $50,000 a year ; for, since the toadjournon trestywentintooperatton,therevenuereceivedat tbe various porta of entry on our Northern frontierto such|In the£;%«/T"oToreron (D.m.,) <f«ed a-i aarend- W. Frost A. B., of Boston, took a prize of $».;m^t which W.1' ruleJ out of order, app'oprrj'Ing received toe first of the Oregon and Waah- James C. Ferrald, of Cambrldse.Ite acdon waa con- curredin by Oie House. Adjourned.gaay » ..^— w- .rrillMWtVaaaala-Mlaeallaaaeaa. jr. ,.,. - "CTitatien of tbe aadahle laainnBilM aftti^But very little has beanwrittaa aboat Mspart^nautical miles, aackored:of water does not exceedat our aaehoraga is a sale harbor for frigates, aad aaa where all necessary supidies caa be pnenrad.draughttbirteaa laat, batThe town Is a reiypretty one,wenanAar raaar asserU are organlzlBg far a descent upon Hialailfcu. A huge pUe of anthndto coal, with tke Amaiieaaenslgs floaUsg from a staff near by, dMolad te;Iilsattentton. Ismtoldfhsthis wUAka (arm, uponvriththethedral and Opera. house, it contiioa no objecte of ia-if not everythingsuperior,at most reasonableandI am told that revolutions are quite fraqaant iabe awell a« for the Uruguayans themselves, who ansadl/mint aa'a sea X>orUsm.r;.^>o^e^^ '"."J'To'tection.re^-t allrt for the E.gllah ««». -hiX tt Is ;S wo'S''. » "' ''»^»<=' «*»* greater part of tiw popda- tiun of Buenos Ayres to tbe race ground. Raar-Ad-f^Sto (aooM 3,000 toaa) Is81m i deal of sea sarvloe, aad la aRear-Admiral, with Ustbetwo otcorsUons, will be as much at bone when not- ing time of ths racers aa be was in timing tbe Rus- sian orSnance wb«n commanding tbs naval brigadeI supposegallanttiraiUf*George (I. Mumford, of Roches-In Latin veralScation. and Henry G. Spaoldlag, ratUeboro,Vt,tiiatforGreekprose.;J *n P Hopkiason, of Csmb.ldee. bor' off the prise ot $35 for exceUeseoof;s^kai^a] www.fultonhistory.com>;^-i^a;-g&^^.- 