 ^1..« JT^t>l.iWl^i ^' .^ r.—fc*,- .'J.«-.«- 'flSW ».?t<s *r'T(Ma. IZ--lia 8666.KEW-YORK,preoeed to sotA earn aa remedial actios. Oanmlttca muat aiao overrule.THURSDAY,APRIL5, 1860.PRICE TWO CEfrt*; FROM AI^BANT.^'C*^59l^•^^}9 ApfttfrigOiM BB'tf^HiIt bharebeeainfarorofSraAara. FadelfoidmenAowa a diipoattioa to hedge,ether towaa wboleaale biibeiy was eren morepresent period.tothe power to ex-,aad«mTderlo*wfaiolipartytaottea eoi^ nethe has ovarstepped toe boimdi of Ids cohsUtotlonalofficer. If it were not for tin gnat respect I iiave fororder forTuesday.toe Ten who Govemots,bad no oppratuatly toAAMyaa aad ^fotngeoajbTht dbpodtion anong many Repablieans to voteAlso the Assembly bUl to prelect gaiaa aad fak,rTiRWOXTB's examinationMr. CoTohi—You said yesterday you regarded—tor from Delaware says toe Attorney-General bol- a slaveholding community from toe same State assters him up, I say there are the opinions of two bis (Babe8dai.i'8) colleague (Lakae,) who yesterdaydiscovered that toe Committe had such evidence as Attorney-Generals directly to toe contrary. This Is brought Slavery into toe consideration of this ques- Ptndtog toe motion to take from the tattle tbe no- would reflect lasttog disgrace upon him and ruto toe not a ques tion of law, but a question anecttog toe tion. The gentteman from New-York (Olib) alluded tion to recede from the ameadmeDte of the Beoate Idparty of which he Is toe head. I am assured by one dignity and power of Congress. The Senate and to it only to response to an toterrogatory. On toe Re- the Assembly ToU bill, the Saaate adjooaad.»Mh^at SM majority ;Constitution. The Senator from Delawareand Nevada.a third readtog. The billIto Novem- ber next. We await toe reporta from boto toe Ju-diciary and Mr. Covosi'g Committee wito anxiety. TBI BABLIM BITXK HtFBOTIUCNT.The Committee on Commeree have before toem bills, offered by Mr. HAsxiB,of New-York, approprtat- tog two hundred ttioosand dollan for removing toe rocks and deepening }he Hurl Gate channel also an;The CoBmeeticat Election.TICE-PR^SIDENT.Much has been said about Mr. Bdcbabab'b prefer- ences for his snccessor—HcBTii, BazcxiBusai, JoiMr. GoooB replied, as he did not recognize eitherAcommunicationwasreceivedfromtheCashierit toe HoUister Bank, Buffalo, to response to the iaqui- quiries of toe Assembly vrhether any toteteit wis paid for deposHs to toe United States Coart for tfaa-\ mXnULT—BUTT BIPUBLICAK MAJOUTT IH21st, to his Legation here, represent toe loss and dam-to offer.Mr. GxiiB—I have no objeSTlon to such reasonshe could not answer toeBepabllcan majoil^THX LXOtSL^TUKI.DotJOtAS—have claimed toat honor. The resolutions, I will object. Mr. SiBiis, of Kentocky, (Dem.,) did net know toatfollowing Before the resolutions were disposed of, the Home- a bachelor has a right to discuss this question. It Nortoern froman increase ofn* Mawtag tabto pneento a coaspariaoB of thetoe course our pursued byoftoe dif-to what had beenwise measure for revenue and economy. It gave ously said in the debate, were recognized as property,Itoe Indians to toe commission of crimes, and made treaties wito them.Mr. Hoopix, the delegate from Utah, said some of toese charges emanated from a most Infamous source,who took to Utah a femata not his wife, and placed her beside him on toe bench. It was on such representatlans toat the Government6«,000nearly 0,000toand as such, toe holders of slaves 'were entitled to;When Vice- President BszcEiBBiDGZ vlsitcd Kentucky last De- cember, for tbe purpose of making his speech beforeSlaves,argued,replyprevi-Ite of toe moneys of toe courtthe five bam wUch no ratnrBS for Governor bare beenenoughprotection.Id Mas, by eonatfas,omittingtoe Legislature, he met Gen. Liaut Combs, the oldClay leader of toe Whig Party, of toat State, and *' J-b.?^"»S;»wi.WirW*-"^r•"3^5*^^mii^iM^i^^piRvqpKipriq^pi^^ELECTIONS. 'PROM WASHINGTON.This toeComptroller of the Treasury, for a decision defeatUigtoe expresaedwillof Conness. and for refuatng toto toe claim of a foreigB goveraaaat to tte BiUitarT service of naturalized JXm«loaBi(diizcas. A^iouraMLHOUSE OF REPRX8ENTATITBS. WAsmsemB, Wedaeaday, April 4.Mr. VABHBtTBNB, Of Dlinoia, (Sep.,) gave notice of a bill to erect a Cnstom-twaae and Postofltoe at Wankegan.Mr. SiABTOB, of Ohio, (Rep.,) from toe MOMtaryCORTEST n BBODE ISLiND. Seihat*r8 Pngli and "WlsfaU (be Bomestead BlU.In tids stogie case (impeachment) toe Constltotlonboof Congress, which renders it Improper that he longerPsgggge Of the CauliBMMi Of tkt Staoeratie Ticket.«R «k« Polla-Prodifal •* Vmii»- g«iMd CorraptlaB*VBVITI.T IN COMKBCTIOUT.!^M«ial Diipatch to th» M«w-1I*»k TiSM. Pbotisuob, WedMttoy, Awll 4.'fcjaod a doubt, the cooiikied BMnocntic and attn JUpobliMB ti(*»t U Mcoeatal in iUa Tk* gramtett «xeltanest kH attmded tkelieved the naototlas waa oalcntated to tojure this gea- tlamas, whom he bellevM to be a gentleman faithful to toe diaeharge of hta duty. The propositloe is a'Dem.was OS aaetsi 150»87 183 tin itnt (o« HS* 4eeS MM 3601871 MOT »I19« 3913and Americans together la tha niB OaBwcratto iacnaae overnttoCongressto-morrow a memorial;'" than any llvtog man," Whereupon, toey liquored.'Mr. BccBABiB narrated tois story to his friends with"great gusto, addtog toatm jest, and he toought the ola General about right to bis estimation of toe Vice-President's services."——don to connect toair Unes by oonstracttog a trackthrough the tunnel east of toe Capitol, and by buildinga bridge on piles alongside of toe present bridge overpublic revenue,VKNlflO SI88I0X.On motion of Mr. Mitxav the bill to zelattaa ta ChaI....4. asi3 IMS Mis 309MI SB Si au.(Baven.."rg»is VifBdaa..Mm the Potomac. In toe meantime US3asktoey libertyment In Its donations of lands had acted unjustly toward new States. The first excuse was that thetoe Territory.Mr. McCliebabd, of Hltoois, (Dem.,)wished tocomplete.A large number of other blUs were nvorted eoai-Bcp.praying permis.to wito less your party,than promptly replied-43 117 43,716 ~a6l6UMmany a tnito was spokenof the bill would the InjurePolice Law waaThe bill to empower the Board of Metn^oUtaa.<3,0e8I vote this year nearly equals thatbelieve that toe passagerevenue, for, under the graduation act, the price de- creased from time to time, and toe Homestead bill would bringother lands toto market. The Secretary of toe Interior had said in his report, toat all toe landspolitanreported tavorahty.^ 4.sources for revenue. He thought It time to cease do-a coinoftoeirown.ete. He housesto peculiarmeansoftoeaseoffire.^SSKnmMt c^VB., .wfniMWnay, Apriltoey have nottributing certato violations of law to toe Mormons.thiswasratherlateintheday.InasmuchasaHome- whenheheardwholesalechargesagainsttoem,and ToamendtheBrooklynDraingoefascteam stead bill passed toe same House that passed toe their of it made bis To provide for the Inspection^-ft«'<WWif iJBiwa, tU> moaaag, Uto more thanmatters rematos a but it Is secret,provide Agreed to.escapeBapnbli- «• taMtois out of the 21, and OO nuuority in thetoat Hcstib will demand the firstchance. Docqias' friends here, many of them at located on the lands. The Senator from Texas (Mr. Mr. Hocpia remarked that some things toerein he To authorize an addlUon to toe Ktogs County Im.' least, say toat he caimot be put off agato for feur WiorAlx) had denomtoated this a party question, but knew to be false. The .Mormons are fallible, but natic Asylum Bulldtog.Hoaaa, against 17 last year.^ Haanoas, Conn., Wednesday, April 4.Betoma Irom every town in the State givebeing spoken contemptuously,TheiMrilan laallticipating. A hundred guns are being fired, and the Utah. Thevogue here, and active preparations are going on for was poor bad sinned, and there was a screw might prescribe.r They had a right to change toe tunlty to consult his cueota. Mr. WooDnarialty Is alive wUh enthusiasm and excitement. BllZTTni OT AK AtLlGID LlOAL tRADEB.—In-Impression Is toat It will pass toe Sen- ate, but toe lavi will be a dead letter before Mormon juries.loose in his head somewhere. He would amend toeform of toeir treasure.Mr. SiMMB said he could appreciate toe feelings oftoat ToniB, who was not present, had i. CaptSSK ntato run borse-csrs along toe streets leading to the bridge. This application will be backed by powerful tofluence, andtoere seems to be no sound objection to it, CONGBISSIOBAL AUIMTIIS.Anangrypassageoccurredto-dayIntoe Housebe- tween Messrs. Gaow and Babesdau, which caused a momentary excitement, but which soon passel over.The Sror pronounces toe dispatch to toe New- York LtaitT, givtog toe particulars of a scrimmage between Messrs. Ctiv and Clibqkab, as slanderous. I am enabled, upon good antoorlty, to say it is strict-Sir. Hoopxa saidthat was paid a second and third arose. Re did not DacKBOBD appeared on the judlclil bench wito a The bill passed to toe Senate to amend flie Meba-BocxmoaAii, RepubUcan, for Governor, $30 majority. ly correct, except to one particular. Mr. Clav was ThaoBdal count. It is thoDght, will not vary the re-,) disclaimed wish- ing to make it a party test. He proceeded at lengto,false and impulattom heaped on his people. stationary engines shall be inspected once evaiy atsaalt much from these The figures.Uraw night the Republicans have a grand terchllgbt jnocession and illumination in honor of their victory., WiisBBCET, Wednesday, April 4. The BepubUeana of this city are celebrating their vtetoiy here by a grand torchlight processiSn, the Wlde-Awakes in uniform, and citizens generally par-msjority la the House, against 17 lastyear,and 7Ikelatter,necessl^,;Republicanscalculated that toere are toe bill would be tbe abandonment of the revenue, tog toat after the Mormon battalion were discharged cities. Adjourned.te6,000 engines S||.t|^CONSBESS AKD TDK PRISIDENT. S^%TMTMi"'',''.-';*'"°«'^•^o"of^^^DrigJelioJe, CongressandtheChiefExecutiveoftheNation are now fully at It no remains. ... 'of Tennessee, (Dem.,) moved the pre-Iiraauon hMbone and stoew of the of wool, hats and brogans, Imd,beeni^celYed In this city of the cap-Mr. NiLBOs,theprisonera should be remandedShe wa, overhauled about the 10tt«g Ja«Bary, the Gulf of Guinea by the BriUsha question for friendly toterventlon or arbitration,which It greater of toe two—toe House of Represen-tiada,aad boarded. Every proper question was an- tatives or Mr. BucBABAB. The Judiciary CommitteeSlKS£LliS?'ht,o ,'h;£K"^i!SSfi^ S -°^^ "S''«"i '" thesiave-toe lands. The bill provides for those who could notbeen farmed outof AfrtofcMOBwaMdby Cot. VaoBHT, but the right of search de.atoda Pacific Railroad bill on toe of following planmistake of any man to suppose that toe people hudThequestion was ordered to be put, 114met tois morning and autoorized Mr, Hickmab, Chair-man of toe Committee, to report adversely to toe po-•d to great Indignity, being stripped of Uielr clottiine sition taken by Mr. Bucbabab to his protest, touchingand abused to an Insoltlnginanner by the epauletted toe right of Congress to tovestlgate, by prellmtoaryi^dn agatost 75.a.yi^S3rt. Capu Vj,c,KT*aud h""omcer;no sense. These lands would be occa- (Laughter.lHo also identifiedthepackage °JJ'„*P!^f2'^?S£thewere carried on board the Talcon, and there suoiect-namely, start-pied by toe outpourtogs of jalls,'"«tc., and when theyMr. NxLSOB having reported tms bill, waa allowedIin «r the lormou in the Home.8FEECB 4F n. HEISON, OF TENKESSEE.Vpeoial Diapateh to the Kew-Tork Tlraaa. WuanroNH,Wednesday,April 4.w«w-Towt o?nciAu gnu. titidib nmtsnoATiOR. Kessra. ScHxu, and Buttxbwobib were beforetheBcBxu. still refused to famish a list of sabscilbera to thaNew-TerkHotelfund,ifhehadone,whichhedidThe Senate Bailroad Committee heard flwMr.admit, though he tboaght he had some names.who by toe way does not tove toe President particu- larly—to say to toe House that to their optoion Mr BvcHABAB is to some degree responstole to toem, eswas takenMr. SrmoLA moved toInvestigatingCammitteeagato to-day.cerunder toe of the optoionAttorney- Generalup.kaatwoaa^Tadbybothpartial toseeare The Committee The Committee adopted a reselution to be reported duty.poatpoiw tua resolutiaB indefinitely, or at least till toe tto oftn* agcB puebaaaaf voteahaabeaB a remaikaUaSMnavf fha day. lbs TOten, when led up to thetrtailtai. inriWtrttli lanhaafl itrnr the ticket and Mr. Bumaveira also appeared before toe Commit-beUeve thatdignified to the world," and that "no one, except theTexas, (Dem.,)saidearlyactltm toemselves.aeotherleedMthebribe. Thenegrovote aa oeleiad brethren reeetrtng $SOeaeh. iMitfMaaJ* of 00Bi«aratl*« wealth deeilMd to vote ^riMipaldtodoao. TotonpnbUeljrpotthemielTea «p far pvidiaM. BUa woold eommeaee at $10 andJiBvpto ISO.states. Itwasaclaimitee and was toformed toat Mr. Buani declined far- nishing copies of his (BonaawoarH's) letters, but toat he had no objection to his own betog exhibited. Mr. BuTTiawoua said that he would prefer hisletters as of Mr. Hasdh's betog produced explanatoryclaim an unlimited right to tovestlgate.They do not deny any of toe otoer privileges leged to be a tireach of contract. Congress passed a mcBta and make it a special order.to the House, asking toat the witoesa be brought be-raised by an alleged breiSh of contract bytoePos:- master-General,! tldnk the Post-Office Committee is a proper reference.know whetbar they may hare bopt for protoctton. Mr. 8bibiUb,o1 OUo, (Hap.,) reaiatkad that this amendmeat propoaed an ajpptopiiatlaa of one million of d<rilar8. It were better that the hlU skankl be de-hU own responitolitty, that gross bribery aadcanaB. tion existed to the Departmentfore the House {at oosttompt in refusing to produce theUst.have a right to toqulre into his action," toattity represent toe people, and to toat capacity toeycall upon him to answer toe charges against him, and correctly. Originally, it was to the posltton he now feated and toe new one totroduced, rather than toat nonnctog toe charge* as emaoattog from a ean^fua eoanteiacted by a notice from him The followtog colloquy transpired durtog Mr. Bur-transcriptsubmitted to Mr. Bucbabab, toat he might have toe just toe contrary. He left yesterday moridng. I^r. GoocH replied that he, and toose wito whom he crease and regulate the pay of the nnttad t opportunity to take such action upon it or make such Mr. Gazxa—Well, toat is my information. I do associated, were not responsible for the Introduction Navy. Laid over.them to adhere to the party.t-liu, cannon, Uqoor, cash and excitementsome of toe questions imperttoent, and such as toe r ragittry taze* alTpaid by the Union party, they Committee had no right to ask. Have you had anyfit. This was done. The not wish to prejudge toe case. Altoough toe Sena- of Slavery to this discussion. The gentleman is from Mr. RoBisTsoB totroduced concurrentThe Demoorato are rejoicing that, with'B go iato the Preatdentlal fight itronger than ever.conversation stoce wito toe President on this ? pototwho knows all toe evidence in toe case, toat these are faets, and toat toe charges substantiated by toe tos. tlmony before Mr. Covosx's Committee are most con- clusive of toegrossHouseHouse of Representatives, and toe Executive, ap- prove a measure, and assert a certato rule for toe purpose of adjudicattog an account, and I deny toe rlgbt of any officer to set at defiance Congress, toe Executive, and law. I want toe law executed. As to toe amount of damage, I have not one word to say, but it is to vindicate apuhlisan side toe tosUtotlon of Stavery had not been drawn into tbe discussion.Baid Older haa been maintainedXvaiybady drtnkf, but eyeiybo^ appears to be usedtolt.IMr. Srsiaoa, the fioTamor elect Is 28 years of age.feava beta Amiisbed by both 'parties with a list ofiBlarBa from the towns, so ftr as heard fromWaf nay ao iieqaantly and are aa yet Inccnnplete I had only certato powers, and toat you could refuse—Mr. BAxissAiiX Then you decline to answer toeASSEMBLY.AxbabY, Wednesday, Afsfl *,bat asspareyonthedetails. Ftorldence SrsAsui gires" white hairs" of toe tatter will not shield him from ex-If toe charges agatost toe President are shown by the report of Mr. Covopi's Committee, there wUl be very little legislation after toat, and the question of superi-and It IsNorth ProTidenee, and SoBtbWarren,know it is a case worthv of tovesttgatlon.The Chair called up toe special order.Mr.Bayaksmovedtopostponeit fortenmtoutes. travelingtowardPike'sPeakandCarsonValleyto whichmotion,afteradebate,waiIo«t TheUlithla a truly conaervatiTe victory altow the same.correspondeace of Moabob wito Com. Maxib, show- mercial intereste of New- andYork, toe advantages ofIs made I shall object, as. If this isrelics of barbarism here, and It was toeir to place wtthia tilii duty sup-Newport abont 400properly,Warwick, Scitaate, Kingstongire rousing majorl-;Meafar Abmdi.wMliiaM, Cambarlaad, Westerly, FaU iRirer,lepkington and Bristol hare given nominal majori- tleo ler PAsairoaa. The SpaAeua m^oiity in the Mato will Bot be far from 1,500.A collation is under way at the City Hotel. One Bahdiadgnusarebeingilied. Aserenadewillbe (trcB to the GoTemor elect as soon as the eoUatloa Is down. Spaisri's friends enthuslasticallj^ callNew-York came for a third upFrom the Aasooiaied Freas.TlOTiDnoi, R. I., Wednesday, April 4—Midnight. The State baa gone for Wh. Spkagui, Demo-ant, for Gorernor, by a large majority.chusetts, who at once set himself to toe not discuss the resolution on this motion. subject only to toe Constltotlon.The bill was toen read toe third time and 94 to 9.Mr, WsssTxa asked unanimous cdlsent to forward toe bill to commute tlte deato aeateBM ofThirteen towns give Smsmnowaytoterested,tliatanattackmighthereafterbetofavoroftoebillsisconsideredcertain.Ifthey Mr.BiKjAMiB—Verywell;toenaddressyourselfbeentothePtilladelphlaConventionhewouldnotMabtHaxtdbq.;the DemocratsHOWARD. ing toe object of toe former to blockade toe entire such improvementa cannot be estimated. The bills 'Some amendments I wish to move.conttoued,I havethroogtaont.Mr. BonxKWoxTB—No, Sirdent but once, and toat was at toe public levee.;'stoce you were last before the Committee, toat Itpasseslaw,andcolleague (THATza) another gentleman, (McCi.u-toquired if toe Committee had gotten;eitoer one of toeseof toem,and approved by toe Executive, nothe hewou<dtell toe House,whence gentleman hethat was all whichBut the question betweea toe Republican ":asking Congresspostal arraageaento tiilaaim over.to answer.Mr. BAmwoBTB—The President would hardlywent Im- as I think, toto toe merits of toe case. All I ask is toat It be referred and tovestlgated, for Iventure to advise me on that oftwentyyearsattoebar. Ifeelcompetenttodete^ mtoe such a question for myself. I have already stated, toe only] conversation I hadjwito the Presi- dent stoce I was last before toe Committee.reading. moved to strike oat toe eaadiag cThe witaess is toagato to-morrow, to file toe Kansas correspondence alluded to above.TH« DIVniBTTlTT -WITH XIXICO.The Government here Is to receipt of toterceptedwas, however,that toey wished to have nothtog to do wito theappearbefore toe Committeeotoermtoutes.Saltoersmons.Mr. Bbabcb, of Norto Carolina, (I>em.,) called toegentleman's attention to toat part of the Republicantrodnced by Mr. Fraos, which Umita *«i|ital '_ment to treason, murder and arson to tlie first dand punishes murder to tbe second «i& im-;I have seen thePresi- Hewitotorongh passed on toe subjectI do not prtoclple. knowintoeTerritories. WhenthisquestioncomesbeforeChambertack of iUnesa. He conttoue* very weak, itf remained to toe House a short Ome.meMr. CovoDi—Has toe President not advised you,after asubject, practiee;3,606 P^ilnss, made upon French ships. Such diplomatic display become a law, those toterested to the^navlgation of"have used toe word sovereign power." He did notMr. Gbiik—I do. Sir.Mr. BiBjAMiB—1 was going on to say, when I was pass anv act to conflict with toe Constitntion.3,093.This dty gives a large majority for Spbagcb, and will hardly please his Imperial master, and toe re-those rivers will owe much to toe and energyunderstand toat Republicans believe Congress caa'ha to pntably elected by not less than 1,300 majority. Tka legislature la also against the Republicans.so large an appropriation. TBE PRESIDINT ANDtoterruptedleast—but toat I leave to the Senate—toat I should—colleague preferred that Itind which exlstea InpriationwaslostAyrxHsoo.v sxsstOB.stilt to this new disciple of VATrai. may be toe loss ofhis epaulettes. LettersfromtheBritishConsul,underdateMarchto a manner somewhat at discourteous,Mr. TBATxa wished to know what Idnd of sovereign-acf*»-so.toe thape I toought leastprepared, objectionaole,So far as he was concerned, he sawto^ap^ w if??T1-^".. .«ji^^!;-^-* ,'.?i?fj~§^te^ld^^crsMJl&tij'llxtfkBliBcxt proposition is to this language : "Ex^t obey tte order, toereby tocurrtag toe disapprobatioBhaa toveitad toe House of Representatives withpower, no jarlsdlctlon, no supremacy whatever overthe PrasMant.'' The Committee does not seem toeatertatn the same view of the importance of thePrealdeat as he does himself. They seem to have aBuah more elevated optoion of to<dr own body toas novel one. Whose is it ? Certato persons have of the Executive.His next prtqposltion is emtoently flatteiing to him- self. Itia:"sentative on earto of toe of all and each of ttie peopleThe Supply bllltaperfeeM aad wUltb* to-morrow.CENATK.Indeed he (toe Prealdeat) Is the only direct repre-Senate amendment a regiment of Texasprovidtog for oalling toto service Volunteera.iepartt|lhighest law-officer sovereign States. To them and to them alone is he of this Government. And because he has thus doneMr. Cuana, of Iowa, (Rep.,) as a member of the Committee, said he would have voted to favor of toe amendment if toe President and Secretary of War, to their communication toresponsible while acttog withto toe sphere of his con- stitotlonal doty.'*his duty he Is arraigned before toe Senate by resoln- tloni reflecting on his official character, and expresa- tog the ojdnion that he ought' to be removed. Private claimante against tlita Government, because toe offi-Here again toe Judiciary Committee disagree wito/laABT, WadaMtehi^iiflf,^ The bill to abolish the AlntobooaeHis have instructed Mr. HicuiAa—' Xicellency. Theyresponse to a call of the House, had saia toey toought Uds addmoaal force ne- cessary, but toey boto studiously avoided aa expree-sloo of optoion on toe sahject.ablyupon it,and awas delivered to him before he left, which was yes-cludea vast difference between prohtoittog a crliiie and ex- cludtogproperty from toe Territories. What was toe gentleman's opinion !aof all toe should be terday eventog, as I am told.testimony Mr. Bayaxd, of Delaware,(Dem.)—My opinion IsJ. McLaoB Moapar offered a cooeorreat naolattoa.' advocatlBr toe passage by Congress of a Idll tob-explanations as he sawPresident never complalhed or filed protest until heknowledge and shameful frauds.in the to-dayfortoefirsttonesiscahlaaav«M(oilty will have to be settled by toepeopleRiver. These are things much needed by toe com-while committtog burglary or robbery, aad yunUureportedtee favorably, with a very strong argument in toeirfavor, so toat toe unanimous report of the Committeecall on the presidtog officer to enfqrce the rules.full with the limitation named. If he had power,perse- verance of Messrs. Haskib and £uott, for securingpassed.of to* President ofquestion.Mr. GcoCB replied toat he believed under the Con-stitution Congress has the power to proUbit StaveryEon. SAMirxL A. LawupIn toe House from toekind of age to British property to Vera Cruz as very great. Larx, Diceibsor, and a host of them—all except but when you undertake to discuss toe meriu of toe tion.sovereignty,ques-will be tokentaias from ever^wn inihe Stato except five. The for toe loss, and to hold Mmuios for its payment. anecdote, toe trutofutoeas of which Is vouched for stead bill came up as the special order. was not to be supposed that a bachelor knows much Districtto secureon the Guberaatlonal ticket is The British Consul says toere is no doubt that Miai-The Kew Hgren Journal, of yesterday, gives re- Stepsimmediatelytodemnitywhich, and frasn tha resaaiteMl. The remaining towns, it is thought, will Increase HOB has totally abandoned his project of taktog Vera story is told as followsIhto The Cmiraia claims 600 for ;should be limited to heads of families, other- hoped the House would excuse a bachelor for coming with Judge NxLsoH and otoer emtoent men, bad oo^Igura. majority BscanraBAH, bot the returns show only the figures aa •iatod by the Jcvnai, The aggregate vote polled at Oto alecticm wasear that of the Presidential campaign of 18S0..^wise sham would lead to fraud and to as a peacemaker in this quarrel. He proceeded to\cruz.^4[he Administration conttoaes toA few days stoce several Virginia politicians calledat toe White House, to pay toeir respecte to the Presi- to the soil for its and thus violation of todividual rights a violation of all toeapprove, entirely,toferent versions of the facts surroundtog toem. It isdent, and to toe course of toe conversation Mr. B. re- "improvement,there should be a discrlmtoation betweea toe married and unmarried man. Tbe Senate bill was arightoof thepeopleto Territories. well-organizedunderstood to official circles toat toedischarged, and toe steamers surrendered to toem.RAILBOASS nr TBI CAPITAL.The Baltimore and Oblo Abroad Company will pre-others the followtogTo compel better attendance at the offieee of derkahave not knocked down, toough struck a severe blow.charRCBAt some other time be woold discuss these matters months, and imposes a fee of from (Ito (10 IbraaehSenators bad hold of Mr. Cut, but he jerked his right Hiwltj tnjhe Senate, against 5 last year. To-mor- arm loose and struck before he could be prevented.to case of publican elected.rather than see a Re- vent the sale of the public lands. The passage of crimes attributed to them. This is eiplatoed by say- is22rSL..T°"""'" of the ^atow withdrew them, work of it, and so wlU Mr. HicxuAa to his part, and SENATE.SiNOCLAR Cabi op 8Hoona«.—Vie HtdivilltfGazttu, of toe 1st lust, glvea the foUowlag P"*«"oflicers,spiteheNo injury was done on eltoer side. An explanationThere is no doubt of toe passage of toe law by toe House, to-morrow, maktog polygamy an offence toemployment, and while diggtog a race for the con- struction of a mill, toey made toe first gold discovery. Oa retoming to Utah toey took toeir dust with them,soon fallowed, and thePOLYGAHT IN UTAH.partiesToaadajr,logge^eads. longerpurlieusLondon, the Five Points of New-York, peared, and toe case was reopened.prisoners will begoHe toen proceeded to speak of the vio- lation of law by the Mormons, and of toeir having;of Counties and Cotirte of Record.To amend tlie Rural Cemetery Aoonlatlia act.were reconciled.be better to gl>e tlOO out of the Treasury to thehomeless than to donate land and ao to toe expenseof establishing land offices to survey it. His Rail-road bill was for oractlcal purposes, for trans- and bavtog constructed a rude mint, putgWrtals of Qnaan Via, .While toe officers were thus with two Bight it would beyfisLf w«i'?"*"«"'onboaid the brig. The J«- toe report wlU, therefore, orobably be putJn durtog Wasbucotoj, Wednesday, April 4.S? ffi2d toit Murder, rapine and other lars of toe sad occurraOM, which the telegraty haadTtenti^^^'x'^'o Whydawjbut, after several°' ***w^mThe Chair laid before the Senate theence between toe Attorney-General and Judges of down for toeir consideraUon by the President. Utah relative to toe judicial proceedtogs'of that Ter-Texas was a free sovereign State, and exercised rights .which were not delegated to tote miserable one-horse concern to Washington. (Re- newed laughter.') He had understood Mr. WuxtBaoaMr. WiLKiiisoB toat be did not say so. reeled[that so-ca.ieawent totoeten- w oFFebruary, Weto crimes were'''* "" on the eihS-S?"«^rsffrai ?°"^' »» '"» "dvfeea, was Committee from toe proposltlOBS setHis first pretest is against toe exercise of I^dontoetable. accusa- ritory-tory powen by Congress, to ca»e ofexcept impeach- Mr, Tbokimb,ment, where toe charge has beenjGSrs.^w£M^?anS5^s!i' ties otoer than Congress, andHouse. InthiscaseheadautatherightoftoeHouse'-dttl^fB hta diafr dead, <«"»a^£rjs^s^"rm"Tjirw.?e'iSt£fto accuse even toe President, andbring^atSSn""¥keVS«;fSe¥S'n^i^ :SS-'l^'S."Je»]S?^^^^- SlS^^to^^Pf'^M^^^Ss S«bitw?"«"«^^^!i'SrTM•»21^5!? *t!ilWL"'.*'»trial to tha Senate but he claims ;Mr.toat toat has Knie,Jha aast iNBt of ihaCa^teL^^*<^" " fore, have overruled this potot.His next point is, that th« Boom kM only power toMr. GaxBB, of Missouri, (Dem,,) moved toat toeHouse ;?fbodyP"«ent week.may judge to some extent of theCongressrepeal perpetrated byreport of theance of a sbyaldaB. Dr. Cabow. whose a«o« Immadtaialyonioaila toe hotel, on Cedar-aW«."»« ietSforTAfewmtmoatw«""""^'-~.nature of toelated thefollowtogwitogreatglee:addressed him as followsperformed longer service, and more valuable service,towns, mail routes, and States;In relation to causes preferredpeals and Supreme Court Recess till 7 P. M.to the Court«'~ofAp-man.' Major BaiCEiBEisGi, you have performed shorte r service, and less service, for your party, wito greater reward,reward, To which Gen. Combsany Uvtog :'namely. Judge Dbuioiobd,the Republic. The policy of the General Govern- had sent the army against toe peaceable citizens of Quarantine of toeprobableyears. Ithaabeendonetwicealready.A lengtoy convenation wito a leadtog DemocraticThe following bills were passed:PKISIDINTIAL SPBCTLATIONS.Senator Kibo expresses, toe optoion, that the fact that toe Republicans carry Connecticut and Rhode Island, makes Mr. Sxwabs's nomination at Chicagotoevltable.and also an expense to toe Government, and it would after toe Mexican war, some went toto Col. Sowxa'sThb Slatee Obioh-—The caae of the Oaptafu and mates of toe slaver Orim te mogreadac ^Idoia U. S. Commissioner Hallbtt. Ob Caaik laoffuUy made by par- toeresoiutianoftoe New-Jeney Legislature, to fa-Tbe Mr. WiorAU conttoued at length. He thought toeduly considered by toe vortoholdere from the Territories, and provide tor paupers andafanaticalpopulatioB. Itwouldbeafree-soU country.Mr. SiwBxa, of Massachtisetta, (Re^,) oiArad a rea- ototton,whichWasadopted,thattheFrealdeatbere- qaested. If to Us opinion It ta act toe«aslyteat wito the public toterest, to furnish to toe Senate eoplea of all eoneapondence not hentofor* called tor, ralattogThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tocrease of toehlra to his And to favor oif toe House Homestead bill.raspeet oughtof New-York, (Rep.,) totroduced a bill WeS^to^ no rlgbt to tostitote a charge it'elf, and proceed to for toe relief oftoe representatives of Robbbt Moaau'^^ toetovesttgatlonofIt. TheCommitteemust,t^e- talePostmasterofNew-York. Passed.of andutyonimported goods,;Gen. Combs, you haveWABBraoioB, Wednesday, April 4.provide for toemselves. Gentlemen tried to be popu-charged toapfne floor had gentlemeniHLcontract wito toe Speaker.Paul de Loando,on toe West CoastFlag-Officer WauAM Ibmaj., "'""""l^'^Jr'.iiSJS Uons to deUver them to tbe^l^-n'l'lJed.Sslt'«^j»SJ^»JmSS«SaouLlesototlona offered by Um yesterday,Untitled Documentceniurtog tbewaters ofSacramento.The Mormon Church exercises all toe of Gov- powerernment. Rome, to Its palmiest days, bad not con- ferred on it such powers as are found to tois corpor- ation. Besides, it was violative of tte ConsliiuUon of the United States, andtoerefore it was toe duty ofas above.'New-Jersey, (Dem.,) presentedWMcorrespond-Kr. TaBwirtand complalnlac of ladisposltion, desired toe^tw«aa-lemato to office, be referred to aMr. SAOisiofx, of Detaware, (Dem.) said he be-plied for a claim for allegedversely to toeir claims, and makes toatwritten opinion of the Attorney-General. Called of tbe upon by toe Poatmaster-Oeneral, he made this reportproprletorraadCity Rallroadg to-day. bills.conformableto toeoptoionof toeacttogrsporte adversely,come here and asktoe Senate torecommit the wn, aa Aa9ffere4.affair from toe to toe beginning upWhen these resolutions werepower,duty,onlyobject,disposeghta under Pharaoh, based on Com, or that among gyptsixty mlUioDS of acres for homesteads, which wasfor ail to toe United States who desire to toere. He read numerous acts showtog toat Congress had, time after time, donated the public landsa toand to view of all this, it was said the Homestead bill proposed some great revolution to toe land system, to destroy the when the fact was it was but toe same principle that had been guiding the system rela-Several bills ofprivatetoterest werepassed,itive to the public domain stoce toe earliest days ofsale of toe lauds was to liquidate the debtbut whenknow on whatJudge plete.natingKansas-Nebraska act.Mr. Wig FAU,, of Texas, (Demblood course rapidly in his veins. He scouted toe New-York and Brooklyn.bill provides thatcommittee.damages.Committee, tloBrsportedBefore he left, a copy of theie re-neversawoneand Democratic J. B." Is still an open one. The never expect to, but I matotato that when Congress dsrived toe power. He reviewed the schemes of hisposition- Whenrlgbt to disre-BABD,) saying Itutterly futUe to commit toeThe bill to create Cohtoctonwasit comesCommittee, toe contest will be a sharp and bitter onepafUes;mir County crdendta to divide toe Stxto Jodclal DistiictoCMr. GovzaMr. in mintog. He defended Mbdill, who,;he said, had been sick engagetoen passed.Mr. Vab Hoxh called from toe tabte tha tdU toish capital punishmentThe House, on ids motton, obatUaied tlw HD l»>for some tlme.and had left on toat accotmt. Bat bis ob-Mr. GoocH had no doubt toat toey were willing to do all toey could to get a territorial organization. HeaM;jecUon to toe resolution was, it wasand Ir- Mr. GaxxH moved tu postpone tha ^>eclal order an-tenMr. PnsH—I/Objeet to any such miction. Mr. Gxus-^I do not yield the floor. Mr. PcQK—I wUI to toe motion.Improper regular to make toe Senate an accusing body.told this one of those dele- momtog byIput toem tohibit polygamy,be would not drawiiliiiilliwaiiilB published toe Eveniar Jamntl waa paiiiiil;authoritycoiirtesan ?Mr. Hoopxe—From toe knowledge of -slght-seeiag.I saw it myself. [Laughter.]Mr. SiMMS wished to know whetoer or not It wasap- reporta ad- on theothenHereport bill, wito a recoinmendation by • bare ms^joritypeeiallyaatoeyhavegoodgroundsforthebeliefthat entertatoapropositionreflectingonUiecreditofthe Mr,SiABToBmovedtoattoesubjectbemadethe groundthatseHonscharxeshadbeenpretendag^Htmy fnend from Missouri, I should move tospecial Mt.Bbaoab,ofaccording to Mr. BuoBABAB, "his office Is the most March next. I will Dot,^o so, but, aa this elaim was should be taken to order that the people of Texas may Mr. RoaaanoB opposed the motion, aad eharnjL«Btieofle,evidentlyalthough,but wito the latter's consent toeteaatgoodmmorandmerrimentpreTalledallday. befortocomtog. Theyweretoenopenedandread, fremlty"Iswearenottold,butitprobablyrelatesto Senatorjusttobrtogupthisquestion.Improperlyas acrimeagatosttoeUnitedStates. Coniresscannot RailroadTollbUl,arrived.would The exdiaBemt wae Intasee. Bands of moaie. ban- to toe great amusement of toe Commttee. In toeseaaia, decorated wagoae, and hired eonveyancea of arery desctiptloa, paraded the atreeto from earlyaialig tUl amr.toe decision of toe Supreme Court upon toe constitu- I conceive ? legislate wisely and properly for toe TerrlUrtes. He > Mr. Fnao moved to appotot a aew tional rigbta and prerogatives of toe President. The Mr. Pooh, of Ohio, (Dem.)—The resolutions were sud that if toe Federal Government had any power Committee. Lost 14 to 14.offered yesterday. The day before yesterday Col. wliatever to tha matter, as asserted by gentlemen. Itresult of an appeal to toe Supreme Courtis toevltable. Misiu. returned to Ohio on account of^ iltoess, and I bad toe power to make toe Territorial Govemmente After a long deljase toe motion to recede fiSBAlIt Is to the President's controL There Is no doubt suggest to the Senator toat he allow toese resolutions pass taws for toe protection of pr<^rty, and if toe Senate bill was laid on the tabte. It to It.that an expreisi<Bi of legal opinion by Mr. Bdohabab, to lie over for a dav or two that I may have time to Territorial Government failed to do tois, then toe The bill to abolish toe Almahooae Depailaaat, tad upon a point toachtog his rights, would be eqalvaleot make some inquiries. I assure him toat Gov. Mzciu Federal Government could alter toe legislature of establish a Board of Public Charities, i|as fMkar da-n*aanvtdaiiMadJy loathMaalaigaTote. The action of theto bilfea 4fae Town Clerk of Ctanatonan-to a decision toe Court. But It is by Supremeby Coivn, KoBBxnea aad »iij,«»t referred to a Select Commitiae to report eoaaiMa.Tbe following bills were ordered toathtodns^^M-Ihiaaerato aad CouerrattTea haa been anitad «( the mapnbltoana waa diTlded.but to toe bill] under consldenUoD. He Mr. GxziB—Mr. Mxdiu. was h^e when toe resolu- designed to limit ite operation to Utah. This Gov-Uto aatlMtad tost tlSOiOOO hai beta q)ent. amovBtahaTebeenbetonthereaalt. Thetionwascan costradictlt.solutions was sent to him, and he read it. No person is taken by surprise. This has been a straightforwardnotto declare polygamy a crime, bat to provide ptmiah-ment therefor.Mr. Baxxsdau, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) asked toeunder the same gentleman whetoer, powerproperty qualification.To provide for the appototment of Inapectoia^a^a^l Canvassers to New-Tnx.ThebUl to taMorpoiate tbe SoatowaaiaB1 and Land Company was r^orted tavoiablr.The bill to legalize toe notices and;thatWhere paragraphs touchtoggenerillprtoclpleB,RelatJve \o toe Unlveralty of New-Yo*replies,letters Mr. HASxnr urges Mr. BuTnawoara to stand by toe President's Lecompton policy, and not to run after Boi'Wiixn and Douqlu. This was threelaBoniioaBeiit of Tanraxs'B OBmeeawfal weeks after the Lecompton Massage was cooununl-will meet any tovesUgation anywhere, and before toat Territofy, and put anotoer toere which would bated Messrs.eated. In toe Janiuuy followtog he speaks of the necessity of toe enabUng act, and ^tpeals to Mr. Bor-"equally certato toat toe House, wito all due respect to toeany Committee, aad toere will not be found a stain upon his character.pass such laws. Mr. GoocH, efMassachusetts, (Rep.,)offered anTiairoaia to toese wordsMr. PcfiH—I will call toe resolution at uptoefrom?" It Kansas will be extracted from this correspondence and en- tered as part of the testimony, and Mr. Hashit may produce Mr. Buituwosib's letter touchtog toe samesubject. Heistohaveanotoeropportunityto do Some of toe letters of Habeik are exceedtogly rich to style, particularly one making reference to an to- terview toe writer had wito Secretary Tocoir.any time.is understood that all1 knowwhat1 say,andnoman ernmenthastlie andItwaaits:shallIgodetails,City.To amend toe ConsUtutlon and abolIsSbii IkarepliesPresident, will proceed wito toe tovestigatlons toey have toaugurated, to any conttogency.fbocbbsinosorthxcoitkittbe.There are facts connected wito toe proceedings of toe Committee which have not yet been made public. The Committee agreed, soon after It commenced Ita sessions, that toasmuch as toe evidence would prob- reflect dishonorably upon toe President, be- fore toe evidence should be closed, or a report madeMr. GaxxB—I will reply to toe Senator from Ohio.amendment, not differtog tocopySlavery.,aone officer of tois Government has agard it and set it aside, unless It be a violation of toe Mormons to toe infant settlementa of Ptoe's Peakdegree appropriation of fifty toousand dollars for dredging Mr. GiazB—I will not yield toe floor, a^d no man power over toe Territories, and to exercising toat prisoimient for life. It defines murder to tlie dnt de- and otoerwi^ Improving toe channel of Harlem has alight to take it from me. I call toe gentleman power can prohibit toose twin relics of barbartam, gree to be by poison, aasaaitoatlon, preatedlWiaB, ectothe officer. presidingMr. FiTce objected.The Canal Appropriation bill wasThe motion to restore toe Chenango Canalobjectplatformwhich declaresCongresshassovereign;Illustrates the esti- to contrast toe Senate and about matrimonial affairs, but as those who belong to ofMr. O. Allxb, It appeared toat the maaa(ena<Aa Mr. PcoB proceededby a gentleman who was presentmation to which " Old Buck " holds " Breck," The House bills. He believed toe operation of the bill the matrimonial ranks hare raised toe difficulties, he bank, by consent of Judge Hall, altar ooanlMtaa*preemptions advocate the bill on toe ground that polygamv is a corruption. A man's family wotild btod him —tributed or donated certato sums of moaay to fvr« chase books for tbe taw library of tbe Notfaiia obt- trlct toe property of tbe State, to conakleratfiM,'«( toe advantages derived by the bank from the <DOCQLAS AND HCXIER.It Is rumored toat toe friends of DocaiAs and failed as a source of Federal revenue, except toose United States ; whether they do not acknowledge the structions to strike out toe first five sectloBa, IsavlBgtrue toat the Mormons declared war agatost theHuBTsa.will meet agato , to negotiate. How they subject to private entry. The bill would improve the Church as toe only supreme power, and whether in only a section compelling proprtetore of laasmeatproposearrangelands for toe benefit ofcaused to be read a letter from Floyd, at- Campcolleges, schools, asy- lums, and railrbad corporations, unless they werepolitician from toe South convtoces me that toeywoold prefer any Southern man, ^ahb of Oregon,or DicuBSOB of New-York, to DonOLAS, but vnit lake and said donations of alternate sections would pre- fully. The coining of money was among toe other tospectlon, accoiding to toe power of tlie aaabM. Itinstigatedback toeWeet Potot Appropria' CoBsmlttee,thattheRousewn-caaeurto theMr. SriBOLA warmly defended toe Govemm, de- growtog out of what was al- the Senate should load itdawnwitolrrelevantamend- proatltuted press. The bill waa not to aid Am \S.Mr. Gazas—The Senator does not state toe caselaw stating tliat toe contnct bavtog been made and The House, by seven maioiity, refused to make itpayen, out had Ite orlgto to totilgaaa.'Beatgatec men, who desired to get everything wtttb Ihali tened from toe performance of what toey deem to be damages toereof. The'maktog of the contract and The House then resumed toe eonalderatloB of toe grasp, had the entfra control of evary ilnmliiMl ofclaimed by toe President, nor do they seem at all de- toe abrogated,First-Comptroller should assess toe the special order for Tuesday. toeir duUes by his declaration toat he " will defend its abrogatloB are facte affirmed by Congress. Antt-Polygamy bill.Whether any damage has accrued,! do not know. Mr, Kxin, o( Souto CaroUna, (Dem.) characterizedto do with. asBut toe polygamy a grave and hightoe City Govenuneatandtives) to toe last extremity." What this " last ex-toem he claims to be his (whatBeforeorder, toe report of the Conference (rightepreroga-This we have questiontaking toe question, the boor fertnothtogComptroller says there was no contract, and is toe toat Congress haa power to the premises. It was notwasMr. Thatzb, of toat Mastachnsetta, (Rep.,) repliedone of toe delegates from toose Territories says that toey are entirely willing to take toe responsibility; and fiutoer, that the Mormons, to great numbers, areto order. polygamy and slavery to toe Territories.Mr. BiBJABiB, of Louisiana, (Dem.)—If toat motion Mr. Gooca replied toat toey now had one of the toat no execution shall takepress it. Be l>eUeved Congress has full power over months from toe time of sentence, nor unfil I Mexican coast ; also of the protest of the French na- were placed to the hands of Mr. Eliott, of Massa-' Mr. GEXI5—I object to any discussion. You shall all rightful subjects of legislation to toe Territories, emot's warrant issues.commanderIntoeGulfagainsttoecourseofCapt-examtoa^n Mr.BxBJAUcv—1donotpermitanygentlemanto Mr.BxAifCH—Do t)ellevevalJiavig, to which toe French official assigns as toe reason for protesting to a matter to which he was toof toem.He hasthem back to theCommit- tell me I shall not do anythtog.Mr. Gkixs—1 mean you are not to order, and I willyou Congress possesses sovereign power to the Territories ?Mr. GoocH replied toat he believed Congress hasbecause we would not have time tooftoismatter,andbecauseIhavesomeamendmente toepem>leoftoeTenltories,basedonLand.it into coin. and answered for circulating purposesWoonBtiiT for toe GoreiBmeia, aad Kusa appearedstores. The Homesteadbill was for paupers. It was popular to talk^f the to toe absence of toe cotos of toe United States, and a postponement to Saturday—Thursday being Fait,mittingnaval andmilitaryItwaspore,Mxxirui for thedefendanta. Mr.MiaanaiotadforSpeculations upon Presidential chances are all toe poor. Poverty, he said, was a crime. The mas^ho was subject to whatever standard the (Jovemment and Friday (Jood Friday—toat he n^Mit have rboto Conventions, among toe members ofThe plan now Is, If toe House refuses to adjourn overfor toe'\Charleston Convention, to-pair off, so that lesstoan a quorum will remain, so that no business canbetransacted.Thisdodgemayeffectanadjournment butpovertywasacrime. Hewouldnotpanderto viousquestion,whichoccasionednotalittleconfu- Twooftoewitnesses,whoseservicesarenot»e«"^for ten days or more. Q,Prom the Assoctated Press.to certatoThe House Select Committee has agreed to re- lar to the introduction of such a bill. It was a great Tbe Republicans vigorously cal ed him to order. Stites force, to that part ofCongress."For toe encouragement ofpackages of papers, which might be imnartaat ia u* case, of wblchhe wished to get posee sstoa aa aooo aB posstole. Aftersomeconveraatlonitwaaaaieeatoattitle of toe bill to readcrime, providing for crimtoals, and violaling the Con- stitution." It was popular, he repeated, to tolk of toetoe genQeman, and he had spoken of polygamy as aportlocation, a^ proposed bying from two potots, one on toe western border of were represented m Congress, he would like to see an hour to close the debate. He commenced byCol. Coaris-of Missouri, and toe otoer on toe western border of the man who woie the ermine. Great Godposes to repeal the act of toe Territorial Legislature detatoed.tbe vessel was plundered, the cargo broken proceedtogs, toe acts of toe President or any suhor- Iowa, convergtog Itaes beartog westward Jlr. WiiEiBsoB, of Minnesota, (Rep.,) asked If tocorporattog toe Church of Latter Day Satots. Itaad the ulvato desks, and storesdtoate officer of toe Government,to toe filings and uoittog wittUn two hundred miles of toe MissouriTexas dldnot give away lands to ber owncitizens once awas the most extraordinary ever enacted on this con-d"a'"s^Mhe?'fee«;if a^-r^^wga^^jven. jtranks,on board,andpriorCourt Stat, aa»»Bi,«|dtt»WfBMid her rifled.Apilxecrewwa«putWhat toe River, express toenceonjsu made for the coast. The first night was a scene grounds taken tjie Committee of course we toe nearest and best route to toe Bay of San Francis -of any charge againsttoem.proceeding by a stogie frunk ItoekyandMr. WierAii asked If toe Senator was not:tjnent. It was awhosetheVice-Admiralty«aemaaUc Therevelry. prize pillaged shall be CO or to toeIqopr submitted to toe House.•WMslydmiik: todewi, so tor wan thm stupefied, The Committee made shortpower wasto toe of our tostitutions. respondencebetween toeBrltkkcrew had by are,na from ,J, ^orea of tho J«*»«««, and were unable to tell until toe report U drawn and navigableDemocrat ?Mr. WoKiRsoB said he never was.Mr. WiovAU. replied that Texas could please herown fancy. She had a right to do what she pleased w«h her own property, to give it to a Missionary So- cldiy, to publish a Bible, or to gamble it off to heU.confraryspiritcIS ttouedforeigners.dangerous corporation,MMMWf^ on the subject The canWWttH««A«*-[Laughter.)authority ofChurch. Be showed toat Congress Bai ,PO«er '? aJu^-peal or sapervtae the laws of that terrliory. the thority being found to toe act ««tat>lishlng '" T""I^M rialGiveSientofUtah. Wltoouteoacludtog,gave away for a melion to adjourn,already announced:Bojai,!tosayhewasaKnow-Nothlng. —which prevaUeo.aceoidtotalyiaDtfiir. entered the toem oi Mr.Taawm, *•»{J?^^****""SSSrift ^P^^tJo^MaSf^ XC^.Senatorlittle obtusetoday.Laughter.]who ceerntaima utrhne eanae were horrified bi>obtvas^aand toose'* a_>- -L-a_ J—^<i""ft"ft"t'n•»•"^nr*z,7Iwhat aspesktog of toe second section of toe bill, which pro-crime against toe common law^until °atanaT> «l,ef discharged. suHbesteeqsoHeenetdy imw and crimtoals who violate the taw when toey get on "^Mr. LoGAB, i>f Illinois, (Dem.,) amid the noise, he received toe three defendants in the harbor of ouprejudice by such talk. The bill provided for toe sion, as some gentlemen designed to debate toe sub- were Capt Tottsb-Government to tUsbe given to toe States. The bUl would eselude alave- va^rts:sz;tu^^"?.^^^|.^^q Mtof tte neck. At the time heof patronage toe•.offense, but deniedpro-::.f a-r: A "^n ''*" •V «?!-•.' -iT:?r'53B| ~^forMexico and toe tJntted Statea. LaidporttoAlsibt, WedBeadar, AfBll«ali^ tateiatted to the TSitmlt^Tha Commtttae fav ••appearedAaaiBiilyof New-Yoik was lepwliPolice to appotot bell-rtogera came up for a tUitt readtoB.Mr, WxBsna moved to reooeuait the bill, wito ta-tolP|*^' Cigunr was to the act ofJjJ'W \^--- VJ>^''heart,fJ^_^'.- sammiii-^:^0tf9!i^^^-^^-^-'^'S^-^~'^>£^www.fultonhistory.com 