 r?^>andinfluence? Notawordofit.preliminaryqaes-\ \AnrcTBon mIra wasup against him by Southern gentlemen. TBX MOBHONS.; attend according to such summons;toat he was0/passedfor his benefit. number ofpeople in your.-Sergeant-at-Arms. autiioriztBg aad empowering toe said Cablitcb, toe leepondaat, toTOL.IX—NO.2666. FROM WASHINGTON.NEW-YORK,FRIDAY,APRIL6, 186aDemocratic Convention from Charleston to any other iatrcdured to provide for the psor ate an Insult aad clare cilBoinal an act which is so declared calendar were laid aside till the Tariff Loan bill was an bmpntation ua the American people. I, myself, by the law of God. The existence of the in- leached.PRICETWOCENTS.Broivn and Green on the Ilome- lisBioBiiistated the reasons for the call, waichsimplygiveycur'-su""""""^"* Republican party, thestead BUI.Fuuge of tke Inti-PolygamyHr. LevciJoy Seeks Martyrdom Bonse*regardingcharacter, that it should exist under the protection of relics of barbarism.blnie Excitement amongSouthern Members. mittee that he hadappearedFifth-avenue. But when you want men to stand in about, that my remarkf can be properly beard bill. IMkepttbe MasonicHall,of toe enslaved that race,thereby .of a guiltyand D. R. directtogWuEOieToa, Thursday, April i. TKI mLKB IS TBB BOCH.WiLBOir, the member^of said Committee from South hundred and sixty a^res, the men who have settled their falsehood made apparent to the whole country. was open as broad as upon the President's Message, Carolina,asexpressedinhisletter,onlyforthepur- myownStateandtheStatefromwhichtheSenator Untilthen,Sir,Iamcontent-towait. Inthemean- buttbemajorityoitheHousemightatanytimelimit tdsntheycouldstoptoeBhii.lnxoftheson.Thebill poniililngpolygamyinUtah,orasothersuponhim before tbe Senate to answerThis warrant sceBBs to have been iBsued on the IfthUtm it, " The billestablishing polygamyin the Dls-i^ oi the race, but does it follow toat it is right to en-Columbia,"The first sectionseme the date, byUfaofthefarmerhusbandorBWs a child, deceive liim. Why, Sir, thispereoaplace exceptthe United States possess exclusive jurisdiction, shall, on ccaviction thereof," &c. TItis, it is contended, es- tablishes, by implication, polygamy in Washington, and declares exclusiveever the Tenltoiiesthese days ofvjaios was read In the Senate, it created no little mer- liment.A PATHASTXS BOrCHLT BASDLID.The Senate had a spicy executive session to-day,junction is binding your people ? — uponThis iiuestion is abroad and a-,popular sovereignty.gamisls,and not over one-half that number probablyspace Speaker'sbut it is mala-which Mr. WnsTOS, newlymaster of the United States Army, was roughly handled. His nomination was finally confirmed.'TBITRtATTWITBBONOUBAS.The President sent to the Senate to-day the treatygress to pass Homestead laws, is a contradiction and Mr. Speaker, I am by knowing here, shaktog your fists in toe face of gentlemen '." encouragedteilBgappointed.an absurdity. Tou say if he keeps possession fiveGreat contusion eneued. Members to rush liegansuggestedthe Housea to-dayby largethus: "That ifToreign Affabs to bring up Honduras for action first, then follow with the Nlcuaguan Treaty, leav-;AnBAin,tee rise, and some called toe Sergeant-at-.^rms.The Chairman would receive no motion till gentle-men resumed their seats.The crowd still increased and a collision seemedingpayforthewholesection,lethimtakeapart-eightystitute tn repeal tbe law organizing Utah, and divid-~ing the Territory tietween Jefferson and Nevada, forwhich he proposed a temporary government. Re- inevitable.TBI TXXAS yBONTIlR.la reporting the Military Academy bill yesterday,!to thebill, whichpoint of order.gentlemanfrom Illinois is outIL This surprised SecieUry FLorB, as he hadOn motion of Mr. MVsoir, of Viiglnia, (Dem..) the Japanese Embassy was taken up and passed.mean by a Homestead, first, to that a man can call It nis own, so far as the FederalMr. PsToaandtalk. Heshallnotcomeuponthistj^ere; thi.tbeisappointedandrecognizedbytoeWhenhave more than two wives. I cbalr. [Laughter.]tee to whom he bad spoken on the subject, but of lUr. On motionthe Secietary addressed the Chairman a strong docu-Statemay csdit Homestead, or any other name you choose. of MicblgaQ. Kellogg of lilinois, Kenyon. Kii- down, gentlemen, 1wants to intimidate him.Bill.perti8p« twentytliispro-to exempt it, -it willbesoldtbe next^2,000,withtherightofappealinallcases. ment, urging the passage of the bill as amended by The Indian Appropriation bill then came up.am safe enough.3. That by the warrant returned, the to ar- rest tbe resi:ondent was in terms limitepdotwoerMcNaie,versing the report. If the adverse report is in gool Lla to take care of ihe Indians onsown border, and emment, it is to g've them a guarantee against anyfaith, based on the failure of the Executive to recom- mend the appropriation, this letter of Secretary Ftotn must secuie favorable action.ithus reduce tbe expense to the Government much rieht or contract made prior to the title passing from Mtrs*-, Nflson, Nixon, Olin, Palmer, P.irrj. Pettit, Por- Mr. BnatiiTT forced ids way into the "midst of the tion opens a broader jjroond than it is necessary torepresent affairs on the Texas frontier as stili much dlstuihed.The Indian Bureau declines acceding to Gov. HoEsioa's proposition about themaiintr of negotiat-cared for and maintained than by the General Gov-out.Mr. Gbxbk-I understand. That discloses a won-derful amount of toformation. f"Mr. Joniisos-So far as securfrg homesteads are concerned, it is very bard for the Federal Government or a Sate to secure a citizen iu tbe enjoyment ui tnatToinpkins, Train, Trioibio,er, van Wj ck, Verree, Waidron. Walton, Washburn of—149.Nats—Messrs. Allen, Ashmore, Barkitale, Barrett,must speak from i^s seat,and do it h^^sifait-204, cited in toe argument has little application tothat the tribes might realise the fact that Texas was Mr. of JoBNStjN,MartinHtsRae. Miles. Mont- Mr. KxLLOQO, of IlUnois, vociferated that his col-a party in iateiest, and that her rights were to be re-IIstead bill was an Abolition mtiasure, and should nottake of tne Indian Anpropriatlon bill. precedenceThe question of postponing the Hotneitead oiti wasMr. Ga»»>— He says Ihe same policy and the same popular i-eniimtnt. Oh, there is a wonderful degree of Infi-rmation in that. I s*e the trees Dend under thepiivilege, passed on tion requiring Mr, Wiluakson to serve a notice bim, Elating the grounds upon which the latter con-spected.ornery.should have ail bis rights.to report Theis adverse to the President. P.wlihi.uttte whole matter be tomorrow.Mr. SicKiis there now.from Mr. SicXLSs, suggetred thattifl half-past 10 o'clock ,. .a v »the matter be sent,the ori'erWhen they negotiate directly with the IMoore of Sioell. Prodltton,Alabama, Phelpt, Pugh.Federal Government they regard Texas as a sepa- not agreed to. Yeas, 25 30.wind. I see tiidivlduals bow to what theyRIgss, Robinson of Il-linois, BuBin, Scott, Smith of Virginia, Statlworth, Therate nation, and pay no attention to treaty stipula- tions. Gov. HocsTOB urges that all goods anl pres- ' ents should reach the Indians through Texas cban- nehi. Commissioner Gaixawoon unfortunately thinks differently.TBI BOLTON CASE. I1homesteads shall be entered In ai ernite quarter sec- tte ConstlMuion of my country against public senti- Vallandigbam, Whitely, Windom—60.lions, and that the quarter sections remaining to the ment, and stand up for justice even against the rush- Mr. SicKLie, of New- York, (Dem.,) rising to a ques- United Slates shall not be sold for lees thandoaole ing wild. 1 will stand up for right even it popular tion of said the House had a resolu-cer of that House, like their doorkeeper, appotatedby them and required by toeir rules and orders to exer- rlse lerlaiii powers, mainly with a view to order andreportotijectlon" were not offensive, he would add, more sensible men..DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL COMMITTEE. SB> COBTXSTIOH TO Bl BEID AT CBABLE8T0K''*'* *' ""fe mencrime, on the listCourt wasCourt catted tnewill meet to-morrowthe land office, lost some more fortun-itemmwarranu haveuranted."For, itp-itesf deUgari"—IHI B0SP1TALITIE8 OP IHK CITT PLKDOBO— "eon fhe list of millionaires.poor.Mr. Dawis—I bave the floor, and don't wish to8. TAI.I.AHD10HA1( ABD ABHUOBZ OP- A CBANai or PLACi roB BOLCiita tbepoor. I stated disttncUy yefter- meant, Midi desire not to be misunder-cussthe'questloBt onmanoi."f'",''laboring classes toere'-l"don'tdesiretodotoat. Iclaim!|Mr.CiAT,of loriy aciesand permit me to remark that f.>rtyface of if, as lenderng it insufficient to rest of toe petitioner, are toree.jostitytoear-Iexcept ArkaiiSdS, (Dem.,)!pliee.Previous to action on the resolutlap, Mr. Vai-have b«»n as p^or as aoyoody. sUtutlenof ; polygamy in Utah is an insult to the moralMr. Lovxjov, of Illinois, (Rep.,)—The House has beenoccupifd (or (everal days in the discussion ofthe draw.important point lustsof polygamy all combined in itself, wito aggrava-propositionsSir. I think it is to toe brutoiin the complaintswhich it was nimored would betheir constitoenta. It was a reflection on our national Congress has the to exterminate the twin power,would n<>t eurse Mm. ttiwm, aaldBe would oatit no exeerattoBSThe Committee adjourned to meet at Charles-titleparticular (rlend—frem Tennessee, (Mr. Joassof.) when he is talking about making a homestead, how long does it remain one ? Just so long as the title lemaiis underthe United States. But the momentit passes out he is a serf. The title is subject to State law then, and to judament and execution. In Ten-Mr.GsiBB—Verywell,thenletthemexecuteiU Mr JoHssoK-We do it.Mr. Gmm—That is all very well with your ownwhich tias been tendered and ac- cepted for the use of the Committee.FromtheAssociatedPress, Wasbibotoh, Thursday, Aorii 5.though the Nicaraguan and taexicaa treaties tiaveThe President to-day transmitted to the Senate, for ratification, the recently concluded treaty of com- merce and friendship with Honduras, which was re-Ifdesire to ask a question of the gentleman from Utah,simplyChairman, tois is to me a most abhorrent doctrtoe.the Committee to send for persons and Laid over.substitute—47 against 151.The House next voted on Mr. MoCLXasAirn's BUb-,grandizlBgpapers.of Alabama, (Dem..) from the Cothmittee or forty acres. Eviry m-tn can surely secure a horneL'nited States, with a viewThen the objections taken to this warrant, on theMexicanmattetsuntilthelast. Thishedeemsthe best policy, after consulting the friends of ea'-htreaty. There 1« some hope of ratification of them all. on Commerce, reported the House joint resolution acres ot land will a and set them forthanto impeachmentthe Senate. Mr. Siadtok may move to recommit the Mr. of California, (Dem.,) moved an The aOvo(^ate8 of this bill do not assume any power in Latuah, the Federal Government to cnuflict with state author- bill, with a view to considering this letter, and re- amenilment, the effect of wiiich was to allow Califor- ity. While the power remains in the Federal G iv-Klilitger, Lamar, Larrabef, Leach ot MichMiagrasn,- Hr. SiNOUTOH, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) approached,toere,. Lorgnrcker, Loomis, Loyejoy, Maltory, bikfists.Inn. Martin of Virginia, Havnard, McEesn Ms- shMark.ing of New- (Dem.,) and otoe.-s, rc- the Sergeant-at- Aims,Knight, kIcPberson. Millson. Millward, Mooreof Een- Bae», York, a deputy.tncky, Mr.orhead, Morrill, Morris of Peoosylvanla, strstoed him. In regard to the first, it seems to us that the objee-lessthannow. HesaiditwasnotoftenthatCalifor-occupydecidingnia came to this floor preaclilng economy, principle ot jnrtlceSickles. Simms, Singleton, Smith of North Carolina, Spanldiog. tipiocer. Staoton, Stevens, Stevenson, Stew-that the popular sentiment tnat she did, she thought she was entitled to a hearing. If induced the Federal Government to adopt this policy Ofllcial letters lectived to-day ftom Gov. Honsios the amendment passes, the Indians will be better heie will Induce tbe States to take it up and carry itwhile sneaking.and at a reducedPending tbe question, the Home:>teul bill came up. Mr. TsDHBCu., of Illinois, (Rep,,) boped the friendsof tbe IloD t^tead bill would stand by it, and not letto enforce order, and said he would call toe Sergeant-atarms.The young man acting as deputy of toe Sergeant- at-Arms approached with his silver mace.ernment,expense.Maine,aside the bill lor an)thinga funeral State or FederalMr. Pbxlps, of Missouri, (Dem.,)of lands when and that the sold,a burst ofThe House then went toto Committee of toeHe is not a general offi- cer, kiiown to the law. as a sheriff, having po"jr to apuiint general deputies or to act by general detiu-;to go upon thetime of payment to two years, and if a man cannotand autUor-land. I am to extend the willingRepresentativesto testify before tbem. as thetheprac- their nelghn<.rs as poor. There may be ten th»u8and AmericanQoit«i»,j,-whileitwuinCommitteeoftheWholeonthe gardedhimselfaslimitedtothesingleactoformedtheMl'SisslpplRegimenttothelatewar?thesamesoil,norttuedunderthesameInsntu-Slavery,>en became qoiet Mr. Lotuot had reached the•Umax of hla deniuMiaUon of Slavery, when he foosdUmself staodliig immediately in front of the Demo-•tatic side of the Hall, gesticnlaUag Tlolent- delegates.tested agaiOBt the geotleman crossing over to made to effect one. He did not believe the Commit-does not belong to tbe Senators from other States to Ut^hBcks:hues which around the clouds of a Summer Toii. a citizen and toh>bitant of aadtheir side of the hall, and sbajiliig his fist in their Cues. Othen followed Hr. Paroa's example, and at ttesameUmetheRepublicansbackedupMr.Lovx- j«T. The prospect now was for a general »ulie. The Dapaty Bergeaat-at-Arms appeared, but was reques-tee had the power to make any, and If it were sa, it would have every deletorious and injurious effect upon the friends of the Convention in South Carolina, who, he thought, were unanimous in opposing thechargeguage on other occasions, and have tieea twice re- lumed to this body and twice to the House of Repre- sentatl'es I doubt whether they wll thank the Sena- torfromTexasfortbeviewswidchheoffers. Ihavesunset. Wegawtahreer told toat where will slaveboldtogi»-bis answer under he showsMassaehosett*;D. oatb, warraatto R.tad to stand aside, and keep oat of the way. AU diem, but yesterday he had received private letters,from aiabsraa. That reduced the land In Aiatmrna and if a measure is proposed for carryiag it out, those the of andoubts will l>e revived with increased force. than piracy, than polygamy, slaveliolding is worse- autoority executive offleer of tite UBttsdlilmseif as authorized to act, should de- cline voting or participating further than to say, as a matter of information, that he bad received many let-— —it men who never begged or stole respectable, de-accoid to such offences as tliose which be extended beyond Its present limits, as that is theMr. LoviJOT-No doubt about itregarding"The Committee roee, and the House adjimraed.•t i««tor* order, called the Speaker to his seatMr. Pm»ijiio«'i ^appeal andtlM mafe of the Ser-geant-at-AriBJ had the deilred effect, and the mem- ters from distinguished gentlemen in Charlettoo, of bave received donations, and tbey have no paupersperpetratebave been charged upon them by their enemies. only questionthe Convention party, who assured liira that the hos- pitalities of that party would be extended to the full- est extent of their ability to accommodate visitors and;— am toHe was trank to sty, in bis opinion, nothing' need be expected from the Ant'-Conventiontbat the morailty of Slavery has been settledThely. Mr. Paroa, spiisging to his feet, pro- party. As to the change, be hoped no effort would be have never charged me with being deretict, and it of tbe people of ? They suspected, snd as;theyHe had been informed by lettors that many of the parlies would charge only three dollars perit aake toe arrestchange.ly have measurably subsided. But if this bill be is cheapering lodgingclaimed the high price of provisions as an exf.use forfor the consideration of one but far the repre- party,under a warrant purporting to have been issued under the am hand and seal of the Vice-President of tbe UnitedMr. FOSTIB, of Connecticut,nineteen memorials from citizens of Connecticut, this without sovereign power. You would do muchit. I Icnow of no Chureh regu- Paioa, of Vlrgtoia, (Dem.,) who excitedly called himlegislative,for the abolition of Pay- Navy. Referred.rattons in thewoman isif it is not in accordance with her free will.\passyour;youconclusion, and some prelimtoary questions havlagbeen by tbe petitioner's counsel, it wasprayingspiritHomestead lawsbut to call on Con-whereby anycompelledmarry"Keepown side, Sirshall not come over(attsfaetoryji{;demagogic systemthird, it is a deception practiced on the puollc mind. I use these .terms just as I wish to have is the Intention of the Chairman of the Committee on contracted for, the prices paid, and by what authority ttFcm unoerstood. I impute motives to no one, butthere are several gentlemen upon tids floor who havet>een acquainted with me for the last twenty years,long prior to my identification with the people of and otoers denounctog LoviJOT.jneteosiehidedarisingwith Honduras, on the same basis withfirst, it IS (wnr ering to a vitiated and corrupt puo-is tke For obvious we out of this thethat made with Nicaragua, and pending in the Sen-yearsfor iron for publicbuildingssince tbepublicad-Itctaste second, it is a ;in Utah. It will enable them to call to their aid allthose who now hesitate to defend as an in- polygamyforward with toe crowd, shouttog and flourishing the cane. Tbe words understood from him aboveate, the transit clause beiog the only difference. It;these are the palpable facts resulting from this act. We no<v have the Preemption law. It peroiits a manonlydin of toe Chairman's" gavel, were, Keepcaseoftoe when Senate,Ini,reasons,lay acdcgHr. Wiisoir, of Massachusetts, (Rap.,) Intro- 'he has a homestead. 1 say we have that al-towardsthe scene from allsomeshouting order,proposed,and netobjectedto the learned District- byduced a resolution, which was refened, re- questing the Committee on MUitary Affairs to in- quire if the War Department, or any of its offi- cers, have entered into a contract during the last twoyearsready, bybis wife and children, a home, against execution,sides,and AssistantDlstTlct' of Uallei Attorney thevertisementforthesame,theamountfurnishedand popularitytoquiry judicial capaelty on the trial of an impeachment laid before it byand we apply to tbethe contract was madeshot and shells, and iron gun carriagesRepresentatives ssmeconslderatiors would;suppose ease(Rep.,) presentedamanandbisahomeprefer lation whereby a man Isalso, a similar inquiry as todown by -force. Mr.support family,conitiluUr.g Macon, Georgia, a port of entry fir the in the world as well as ordinary society can claim.shouted—I a Mr. Cox, of Ohio, (Dem.,) rise tostance, free men, who l>ou«ht paidMr.LovzjoT—Iwasabouttosay,wheninterrupted, . ?''i,.*'f*7'"'of'^Wnia,(Dem.)-if=youwUloome tbat the question presented Is, whether Slavery, shall JinotbobVBirbgoiwnhi.a, we wtHhang you higher toaa we didcent men, who would not go upon one hundred andjurislic-r fetthienygeither, theyIf the State does not wishThere are no men in Texas who but men have paid for what they own.Mr. Speaker, it Is not my intention at to tiondiscuss tbe petmllaritles of the bill now under but asixty acres of land.thereMr. Baowii 1 obligedconsideration, hut 1 would respectfully ask. Sir, are gentle men prepared to reap tbe consequences of itssimplypractice,likepolygamy,questionMissiSBlpolansknow what belongs to the honor of my own State, and it does not sound very kind for the Senator to tell me I have made an assault on my own State. Theyvery people againstwhom this billgalityar the Arrest.fpastesI do. Mr. JoBBBOB-1ton, Brigfs, Brlstow, Buffiogton. Burliagame, Burnett, Burrouiit 8, Butterfield, Campbell, CareylCarter. Case, Hark of New- York. Clark of Missouri. Cjbb, Clark B. CoebrSDe, John Ccchrane, Colfax, Conkling. Covode. Craig of ul&sourl, Cartie, Davisof Marjlai-d Dawes,vociferated—Let him stand over;being unfaitl^fult>one,muscle and brains are most-where human flesh cannibalism will go,ordernessee it may tie sold the next day. Homestead Itbe Slates want homesteads let them make them. if Tennessee wants homesteads let them pass a home- stead law.slave a man liecause he is Inferior to you. Mr.-1 *-fMr. BaowN-1 am not going to discuss phraseology of thewith mv frieno I wanted to tilm an Oi>- feelings whole population-an insult to toe polygamy. The of wtdch I am a Cries of " Order" from;pnrtitnlty to explain. I mean what is called poor Incommon who have not an abaodance parlKuce, peopleRepnblig^aide. dangtiters gentlemen here, and those of member, sfandB pledged, ever since 1S54, eofaras Mr. Lovuor, in speaking of Jobb haoriginated mainlyimpositionsticed in Charleston concemtng ascommndatloBS forvisiters. He had received numerous letters on thissubject. Gentlemen of Baltimore, PhlUdelphia, mouths like m; friend from Alabama (Mr, Clst) not speak at length upon the sabject now Before tbe Houaev they heartily deserve. Richmond, St. Louis and Louisville, had presented to care for the poor. But, Sir, I came from that class. the propriety of doing so at this time Is In my judgmentof th!8 world's goods, Hnd who may De considered tiy su>'h people to-day within sight of this Capitol, andandTerritories of .the United States. Novi, Sir, as we (Beotb) did. He disapproved of hlB act Hemyfriend foragainst any assault of mine. Out Idefendingpassage ? with theAre we notjust emerging from a difficultytdctmajority.any persdn or persons,being married, shall, during the ierred to tbe Committee on Foreign Relations. Al- Mr. JoHNBOs, of Tennessee, (Dem.)—We have. Teintory have moro than one wife ? And further, he is old and weak, strike liim-he can't strike arreit made on the 3d April tost, under toat process,beginsperhapsIt would place the weak at the mercy of theThe toeory is, toat if a man is crippled, trip him up; ifanother in any TeirUoiy of the United States, or other; ifdocfrine of toe Democrats and it is the doctrine ofwife, marry—Congressional jurisdiction a question somewhat mooted inforprivate messages.SENATE.Washiiiotoii, Thursday, April S,arethat the moment the title passes out from the United.will both Oe revived.Committee, amendments to the Senate Atlantic Tele-received no attention from the Seiiate for weeks—and your own citizens, butoutside of Tennes- Hr. Hoopza I will reply to the gentleman from weak everywhere. It would justify toe angelB in one, and opens many interesttog qoestiona as to thepast. the District of Columbia, over which It is tbe opir.ion of some Senators that It is probabledevilsas wellwouldlead toestrong to ensiive toeveryveryimnortantgraph chargeup and proposing to make a homestead, when, a IareIt is admitted in toe arguments that toere is no ex-m toe Constitution of toe Unitedbill recuclng the subsidy and the maximum paytbe debts of Government. And now we have men in the Territoiy must have proceeded from its enemies. In tbe second place, from my observationlawyers States he cannot hold it.not over one-half of the population of Utah are poly-press provisionSlates, giving tois authority to termstained that it is necessarily tocldental tovariooaan-It from forced sales or exe-orally only. This, it seems, the Committee did bill cOLCerning the Courts iu tlie Territories was cution. Then 1 proceed on the idea that, where the Il^>lei1oaTn,qE,y, F.theridge. Farnsworth, Fefltoo, Ferry. Fos- Mr. AnSAiK-To avoid all difficultv, I suggest the view to the regular proceedings of the Senateoftion of the Probate Court shall not t>e less thanG'vernroent canMissouri, (Dem,)not regard as a recommendatian, and to-day taken up and passed. It provides that the Jurisdic- where the Federal Government ceases. That theyGeiin,protectStates have not done it, they will comments the policyDimmick. Dueli, Dunn, Kdgertoo. Edtvsrds,straiiiirig their violence.thewivesand oflaw. Mr. HooFiB, theSlaverypolygamyin theuponold Joiiw Beow!s. Hecondemned what hefrom Utah—thousand. It may be all well enough Sfr, on the bill now tinder consideration will be brief. I propose to pay my respects to the other twin. I mo'ives honest and truihinL JounDelegateforgeoilemtn who are bom ^th silver siiootis In their However much my own feelings might prompt me to want to see both strangled and go down together asto distribute thein the inducements for changing the place of meeting to I was lire of them, struggling through tlie early years questlDnabie. Many gentlemen, knowing that gross under the rales, but 1 am willingto let htm go on and what right do you of toe Souto get together and these 'cities. It be stated that of of my life for a living. I recollect from whence I calumnies have t>een circulated against my people, talk about that other twin. ensct laws that I or my child ah^ be your ^va?pose of appointing the time when the ConvenBtata of the TTDlon. The Chairman, finding lie could fixing the time, which had been done, and notMr. WioFAU. thought the Senator was assailing hisappeal. Sir, dispasstonatetbe unprejudiced to think better of Ihe one hundredtoe discusalon to the subject matter.Tbe Chairman, Hr. Washbuv, of Hsine,decided tbat general debate was In order.(Rep.,)'"'t*''.°' clotbtoi herself to thee p'e gray, ebould clotoe herself In sackcloth and on aceonnt of• scene wtein the House, to-tlon will meet in Charleston. He therefore re'thousand of their feilow-cttizeni in Utah, bomand ashr-a,ought to drink tbe waters of bitteraeea.presentedown S'ate, and inquiredwhowere themight gentlemen Cliarleston would, as far as they could, extend theircame,andIneverhearatauntthrownatthatclassof andtakingalively interestintheirexposure,(for'are the bone and sinew of voiirat the summons of the you want soldiers to fight, you do not get them from for evenis are even now shaping so as to bring it new rules, the debate must be confined to the Tariff it over with toe carcases of the slain. He lor^dtiimself a member ofthe Committee. He had met the Executive Commit take them from that class of people to whomonly raise toe question because I am afraid if tbe general debate goes on, the real snoject before us will be neglected,South.A Voicx-We don't love yoa.Mr. LoviJOT—So it was with toe Saviour. TherSecretary,regardtbe line and face the enemies of the country, you I haveand irlihout the weighedprejndlceunliappllybut did notwhichprevails at present, those charges which have beenwithout as if I must In defence people feeling speakwhich I thank them,) have urged me to let all the facts be known in a speech or speeches upon thisleave,ortoMr. AsBVOU, of South Carolina, stated to the Com- land—the muscle of your army and navy. Wnea floor. Sir, when the time comes^and come it will, that tbe twm relics are in order. 1 think, under the he would net hesitate to fill up toe chasm aadbrMaebespltalitiesdelegates.of niem. Sir.tbeySyMlaJ I>U»at«k to tk« Knr-TMk TIsm. tee at its first meeting as the substitute of Hon. B. H alluded. These are tbe men who will settle in one BO fieely and tmscmpnioosly made shall be met, and Hr. SBiauAS, of Ohio, (Rep ,) said the discussionlove Him. Gentlemen who fta'l?k"e'd of dljsolvtnjr t(hLeauUgnhltrerrn.)could no more do It— comes Texastime, I can only to the and Vlrgiola.men thatapon Tbey were men who owned thtehier lanud, amnedn of sufbo-r tions, antdhesmpeackaionagbletbeof gacmoenspitroinnggue,withanonteosupposethreatened the country with civil war and all iu atteni'ant honors? Sir, what was the conditioa;foIlcwiDgis theopinionof Chief-Jiutit»thatme with I tiave held the lan- thought with good reason, the good faith of the inten- been reaffirmed and reestablished by toe Stagyrite ofnow to mskehold back fromwhich, during this discussion, I have been exposedbut. speakingmy duty not of another matter uponof men upon the Arsenal of the United Stotes at Har- tions toat neither one of those crimes ever per's Ferry, the citotion of SairBoaff to anBwar as aMy remarks,;the representative of the people of Utah Territory, the justification oi Slavery is placed mainly on threeWe concede as a matter of fact tbe inferior-toeallade to the expressions of sentiment which have toe fact of enslaving men imparts Christianity andcontempt;McNaib, Sergeant-at- Arms of the Senate, to arrast toethat polygamy is there practiced, and I cannot but groundsWhat whetherasecondmarriageisproposedorcommand- backThe question Is this:strong.make such arrest ;Ihe question la whether tlds arrest is justtoed by tlkia return.property Missouri, by remarking in the first place that practi- functions sndof toe UnitM States as Senate,see, in other States, what business have you to make a enslaving man, and, in turn, it would jusniy the they cally I am not a polygamist, but the accounts whichpowersMr. Colfax to-day reported, from the Post-office homestead ? The public land is to be admiidstered by have been received here of the abuses of polygamy archangels in enslaving toe angels. If carried out a constituer.t part of toe legislative department of Chathe General Government for the general benefit, toin toe universe, it would ultimately transform Je- hovah himself toto an infinite Juggernaut.Mr. LovzjOT, who had commenced his remarks on the extreme ieft of toe Republican side, had gradi^elly advanced into the to front of theand as be warmed in his he to subject tieganUnited Sta'es Government and the modes in which toey are to be exercised, and toe limite l>y which toeyor sensible men know during ten years* residence in Utah, could say thatqualified.day. Way do not understand that there Is any obligation gesticulate with some vehemence. In the midst ofcall it homestead ! It is a misnomer. It Is a in manner one to have a number of the remark last reported he was interrupted by Mr. tbotitiesmisuse of terms. Homestead! Homestead: to se- wives unless heits muttthereforebeheldtobeconfenedcan do better to get the State Legislatures to set, and callcureon them tofamily!;Mo'Midyto become a to order, at toe same time advancing towards him,'These questions manifestly requirtog ration and research to order to come to atbeFieemptionlaw. Does it secure a man,AttorneyStates, bythe respondent,lions fitst ithem were sustained, it would supersede toe neces-Utah, cieoirors, money to besayof deceit or dissimulation. 1consider toeaeany upon anytoe United Statea, in executive and judicial funetiona, asdby neceasaiypolygsmlst, and I know of no Church regulationgreatdelll>e-bave administered a death-blow to one of those twins, toat Ms was a however, purposeMr. of Cobb,Aiabama,(Dem.)—It is not in orderMr.Lovijoi—Ishallgoonwithouttbegentleman's fveryslavehasarighttorunawavin ofymuranybody else's leave,Mr. STAKtoB.ofohlo, (Rep.)-Doesthe Chair hold a slave, and were It necessary to achieve his tnmavm,over whitm we have extrusive; but.Sir.whenitisproposedtoextendwhatis present termed an institution, but wliat is not an institution,toe natorally arises. What is tbe nature, what toe influ- cBces, and what the elements of tliie practice, and what will tbey prove to be when extended,!! allowed to is leveled, a difficulty wtiicli at one time extend ? I am aware tbat it has been sta'.ed on thisTHE CASE OF mB. SANBORN. OptnloB »f CMef^Jastlce Shafr bb the !«•and' concentratedofThe House voted on and rejected Mr. Bkaiccu's Dem.,) and other gentlemen, moved that toe Commit- House of to35time being, »nd for other purposes, and it was passed* Why give him laiid to make a bom<-stead ? Now, was passed with verbal amendments—149 against 60, of his seat He has no right to leave ids scat and process out of tbe limits of toe Dlstn.;t of Columbia,jected— Mr. CuisscT, of South Carolina, (Dem.,) m'>ved to what do you uLderstand by hotnestead ? A peroetuaL as followsagainstTheSergeant-at-Arms. in his capacity as anMr. Crms—recommended it to each member of the Commit- joint resolution providing for the receolion of the grant Into bis possess on a certain amount of land, soMonday next, Agreed to.I «an' gentlemen to speak out. I ask the Senator " willstandwhereIfrom Tennessee, what do you mean by It? Kentucky. Adrain, Aldrich, Alley, Anderson of Uis- ply, I please."S. Th.it a Sergeant-at-Arms Is not an officer known to the Coi'S'Jtutiun or laws of the United Stotes. as a generalexecutive,ofknownpo»ers,likeaSherilTor Marshalrules of tbe Senate tis an officer exercising pewen re-159.Tbe House tabled the preambleI. That tnetfficer of the Senate, had no authoritv to exet^tetoe Democratic side.Mr. home, or a temootary hoine ? Which do you mean ? Yeas—Messrs Adams cf Massachucetts, Adams of Mr. LovKJOT, standing firm, was understood to re- Cops'itullon, exclusive general jurisdi'-tioii.Committee based its adverse action on the isenute take tlien till (he upand tojiqstpone* amendment for the Texas Regiii>ent, on the fiilure o' Davis' Territoiial (resolutions.theSecretaryofWarorthePresiOfnttorecommend TiiebillforthereliefofCapt.SiruBaicxwaspassed. Mr.JoBBSOK—DoestbeSenatorwantananswer? Brale.Blcgbam.Blair.Blake,Boteler,Brabson,Bray- thedividingaisle.:comeuponoverwhichtoeUnited States Senatehave, by thesourl, Anderson of Kentucky, Ashley. Babbitt, Barr, He stood at this time on the Repubiican side, nearfrom his side Gorley. Hale, Maryland. poses be can be Intimidated.ter. Frank, FreHanlclh., HGarrniestto,f Gilmer, GrElaahrarima, oGfrVotwr,- gentleman just speak;such as maysecure to each indlri IuhI acer'aiiismounto)soilwhichhecancallhisown.You 6iuniman.brey. Hntcluns, Jenkins, Jankio, Keiloeg Mr.Lovijor—Nobodycantotimidateme,Sir. Sit bersoftheGovernment.Will, bylegislation,Hickman. Hill, Hoard,HeliLick, Hughes, Mr. PaTOE—Nobtxlytlie Federal Government to him, I presume tnat tne ter. Putter, Pryor Quarlea, Reagan. Rice, Robinson of circle around Lovijor, and shouted, Tnere is abut when sSlea in which this land lies will pursue the same Rhode island, Boyce. Schwartz, Scranton, Sherman, rule which reqdJfes every gentleman to keep his seat are not prepared to say tbat iu no case can the SenatoBoeock, Bonbsm, Bouligny, Boyce, Branch, Burch,ing with Texas Indians. Gov. U. thinks these nego- Mr.WsBs, ofiOnlo, (Rep.,) said he would not lay which he never posscsMd. One thing Is clear, no Clopton, Cooper, Cox, Crawford, Curry, D^jarnette, but he shall not do ittiatlcns should be effected through Texas, in orderGovernment chu secure a man a said the Home- heme If he never possesses it.Flerence. Fouke, Gartrell. Hamilton, Hardeman, Hat-kin, rvalion, Hawkins, Hindman, Holman, Houston, mace-bearer with some remarks.turned back toethe Apprupribiitm bill override it.;the miulmum priceprovisions of the act sbail De onlv apollcabio to landsubject to private entry at the date of the passage of d" not do it In contravention with tne CoiistJtutbm of tests his seat. Me bad received from Mr. William-This was succeeded bytbe Dill, was not agreed to.Mr. Bsowiof Mississipni (Dem.,)—At heart I;the Ui.lted States. I stand here to oefeud oop ilar sob a to be a statement, but it was Mr. LoviJOT took toe stand at the Clerk's deskjind tation, in caTtirular cases nor, like a marshal, whosentimentMr. JoHNsos-If I go with the oepular sentiment, Ilaughter.due couise ol oroceedicgs.is it. againstpaperpurportingsentiment, hut m conformity with the la*. I Oeiieve a mtre lepetiilon of the memorial of Mr. Williambos, resumed bis remarks.City, California. Hon. Robt. J. Waixxs spoke for sire me to vote m its favor. If I was only giving the be Constitutional, and therefore I uphold papular sen- required something mors than a rehearsal of the toe people there from returning to baroarism. of sheriffs and deputies under toe State laws.two hours in defence of the claim. Tne Gcvemment ' vote of Aipain F. Broith, I should record it to favor timent in accordance with these views. memorial. He held the notice in his hand, and had Mr. SiBOirroBsaldtbsthe would not allow such But even when It appeal's, by toe terms or the la represented by AttomevGeneral Black. The of this bill ; out when I cast one of the votes be- Mr. Gbisb—1 had no d mbt he was consc'entlous in prepared a specification of his objections to this, instouations upon Southern women to pass. If the reasonable construction of a stotate,conferTlBs an au-court-room was much crowded during the argument. TBE HEW-TOBK OFFICE-UOLDXRS.TheSppremeCourtwasoccupiedto-daywith'hea-iout Northerngreat Bolton case, involving the title to Sacramento th^s priLcipie is right, but me constituents d • not de- tbe Homestead proposition to be rlgnt I bel'eve it ro ber-etofore presented. The House, he apprehended, Cbrlstisn women, who went to the South to prevent lions, urrler the laws of the United States, wito tooeethinkHespokehoidb analogous powersand similarfnnc- possessesWiscODBin WasbburneofThe Chairman appe«icd-l»-'gentlemenIlliDois, Waaht'urn ot WSbster, Wells, Willsob,'Windam, Woodruff, Woodson.tois auestion.Eow'rd, Jackson, Jones, Eeitt, Logan. Love, ot (fhio, McClemand. McQueen.whenMr. Fircn'8 amendment that tbe lands granted for suppnte to be popular sentiment. Sir, I will stand by Stewart ef Maryland. Stout, Taylor, Thayer, Thomas, toe Chauman reported toat toe Committee roicowiiig rial. TbeSergesntat-Arms of 'toe Senate is an offi-;nays,gushingSpeakerwas calledseat,to that course of remark.he (*is- his laking testimony on it. ^ OLBTOB) would hold him personally accountable.on a sherifl, toat it was intended heahooldex- ecute it perrouaii;, he cannot exercise U by gaaaral accoroing to my own But, Sir, if the friends that when the idea of popular sentiment is Mr. Sickles' response was read, in which he says Mr. Lovijor said toat In the four millions of slaves deptity, and of course he cannot do it bsnspecial clep-ioiiglBg to the State of Mississippi, I will cast it in his remarksacrorcance with the wishes of tuat State, and not and ti'C moral convictions so tempered with orlde andshowing Its inconsistencies, and the Impossioiiity of memberbiouf them,tion to-day, asking that Hr. Scuell be arraigned for proposition as 1 have made, and uke that instead of one snd sways tbe other. The-fe c«n oe no home- ai d wholly unt'ue. He has no knowledge ofof seulipgNew-York hotel fund. Mr. BciriBWoara placed on what is it T It is substantially, for all purposes, raigemant^ theretbe Homestead bill, I wouHT take tne hinrd Tnere can be anar- vote cast for but on the h: ecntemp', in not furnishing a list of subscribers to the with mv constituents and vote for it Now, stead made by Congress. out illegal defraudehdim, contraryInto him w th ion that tbe warrant affbrdsnojnstificatioa. SupposewBlcb he feels if he should fail to pay tne money at beenvoCpassthisSicKLxs, bad in his own the Weekly Dispatch,""^/r/' "kjS a'The Committee I voted to come and pay the money, and take his Uod away.ot the Government m tax the rich to buUd up hisMr.Willumbos'snotice on him bad earthquake and tornado have powers, and toe thun- autoority lo toe specialU^^I' '^published in Baltimore —theSm-mihewashorrifiedatmvremarks. TheDemocraticNationalCommitteemetthieIstateddistinctlythatla^rwascapital.I consider that which woufS toWAsamatoa, Thursday, April S.Elections. onIheStateoftheUnion.• mVloIJLointoatSlate,ofoneTIlie.w_a.sa.n«a.dHv.e«of ^BaldwtaCeuatT,InStates were eaoaea A. Caiavatx, of Kentucky, was chosAiIt was unanl-bring mmey any man capital—bones, muscle and brains are capi-Hr. bill.Shumab movedto takeopUie Tariff and LoanaMiBlBg^ Tweatjr-threere]—and If ho chtx>sesis fiullty of a crime, and it is an outrai;e on those mea wbodo work, that the results of tt^elr laoor, ^ad en- theof Tennessee, (American,) re-•^".^'^nr^M^Sh a«ed%«)re toan eighty vears.'"' wa. Lafltte, andIn tbe at>eence of Judge Smallxt,alteration of tne Tariff. Theebill yields • n^iv' other eoltoets agatost ho obtainedT"»t*IMr.wBen he said poverty was a crime.vesterday, No, Sir. poverty but in Itself it istoemseivea displaced bymore moderate, and itchntgedTbe vHtiTtwr to»re««~Ulril TS""!!^ know who you c«llMr, BoKBAM-You.,t^Vsujo^n^; ,c„Uo„'what stood.Ohio, (Kep.,)^'° '"l*Courtroom." l*ad to ">»>postponed saiifehe proposedwhat he could sayhadbettertryit. Hr.LoTiJOT-I can go to Eoglaii. and there dissave: "thoConrt-rtxim wmscrowoea too friends of Mr. Sabbobh and otoersI'.JJP ""^^i» .K-*^°"^honestandV _K°'"''-°t Texas, (Dem)—I would like toHe wanted to say in Charleston here.w'.thin tie cause. The decision of tbe witoapplause. Theofficersofthe spectators to onjer, and Mr. Sajtbosb left toe Court-room. Onwelcomed with bydayseethem—Idonot read the newspipers—never do.witodrawn from theIIt seems I haretar bed to bis leite reply to Mr. WtLLiAuon an ar- riio""y Mr MiuB of Norto CaroUna. (Dem.,)—Buta friend ahowed me oneto the Committee on TheHousewentintotheCommitteeoftheWholeThe Pensacola (Fla.)^h.tal to a mannot to use them tieMr. sumedNxisoir,'i*^?' *racric; he captured byof patrioticmen thanthere^WAsaneTOR, Tijnrsday,ijbm'"" ImmedUteVbeer, oy the reports. I did notPost-office Ap-in his ownfcebalf. The subject waf referredPlftc-.an ySo-"i Bg"o toohjoctcharge. ? This Government derlvea its power from faiud tovote. He ctiai- der has power, but greater man toese was the power plies cOTiMeice '" J«"'«n.^^re;mind Is sobut the human coas'itu;s'J,persistediboiityMr. CovoBB's Committee failed to report a resolu- oi that measure could be induced to accept such a power,ht to bear on it too treqiiently warps the Mr. WiLLiAVEOs's charges are vsithout foundaUor was not one legal husband qr wife, father or utation. Woodmade for temporary ocjupancy, wrongfully of votes. He wished tojulltlSouto having toe goipel whippead In ttijtise tbat toe Senate had authority, toe resolves passed broadsideof ahardsaw,8ndoi young girl byand Stats attention of the House to the character of MrnWiL-record numerous extracts from Mr. Haskir's letters eierytbing which the fiieiids of either of these law i« utterly impossible. It is beyond the UAUsoK's notice, reiore the matter was referred to nostrils, and toen sent to toe garret t>. die. lie had hi ought belore toem, it appears by the warrant IssiMdSir, to secure a home against State executioncity being whipped untiltouching the Kansas policy of Mr. Bucba.vLt, of which bil s will secure. If the purpose be to benefit the set- powers of this Government, and la con'ra- the Committee on Elections. sworn to support the ConsUtution because lifl loved for t1fc^purpose that the power was given aioae ttoo-1 have the already givenpith.Q.tlers, Dij proposition Is that he who settles on the vn tlon of the express lights of the seve.ai Mr. SBZaaan objected, saying that this subject ItTbut he diS not toterpret it to toe way Southerners McNsta, Sergeant-at Arms, and toere is nelhlBg toFrom Another Correspondent.him frum harm everywhere. Can ttie gift?that name only defceives the publ c,defrauds th« puo- Mr. SicKLBB to sneak on tbe < subject.fact, by this to delegate tiie autoority given warrantland may remain, so long as he choDses, witn thestrong aim ot his Government stretched over hira, not call It It ts not homestea-J, and adopting Mr. WisBcBB, cf Maine, (Rep ,) denied the right of ^M"r. BOBBAM, ol Souto Carolina, (Dem.)—You vio- made by any otoer person. There is no authority, inprotectingWASBiiiatoH, Thursday, Feb. S. , settler ask for more 1 My proposltlnn removes the lic. and it is a cheat upon ourselves. To call It Hom^- The Speaker deciaed otherwise.'"Mr" AsBMoai, of South Carolina, (Dem.)—And per- to any otoer person. ^ , ^^^IHIPACIFICBAtLBOAO.kead of navigation on thetwo years' litigation, and says to the settler. Go upon siesd perpetrates a fraud on the pnhllc. This meas Mr. Washbcbb appealed from the decision.It la a general rule of toe common law, not foundeathelandandstayaslongasyouchonse,andwhen- ever you are ready, come and pay for it at the Binlmnm price, whatever that may be. Yoautewouldstrikeatthe ofeveryStateinthis Mr.SiciLssmovedtolaytheappealonthetable. ^"nrfliiauioB-indareanegro-toiefintotoebar- onanyjudicialdecisionorstatutePro,'t'''°„.^i,!rThe Pacilic Railroadlag, and occupied two hours in•bout half finlsnedtl.cwoik, andasoming to complete it.atrtke out the clause terminating the ro.ite at the care not what others may say, I tell you and the theprosperitystrike down the whole railroad sys- Carrled-^5 against 77.» universally leceived as to have grown 1"'° TM",?;Comraitlee met this mom-perfecUng a bAi. It wDl thus relieve the settler fromUnii.n that tem, andIt wouldnothim to delegate it to anotoer. DjUg^' ^HSlTmStales. Then, why callit homes'ead ? Why sbtiuiil he refened to tbe Committee on Elections. dicaie any intention on toeir (>art to have such arrestto rhe s ildiers of the Revo- Hr. SiciLxs laidanxiety lution, and of the war of 1812—'o whom bounty land heie tbat he had proof of fraudulent votes for Mr.**M r. Babisbali-I hold no parley wito a peijuredtoat a delegated »utoority to one does "it Is aninjustice:Hr.Wilhamsor,after confessing^i^ortoeto onecountry that tbe t)One and sinew of the country know tne dutes, and is there in that grant any p iw-er to tar lel gtd whatever scrutiny may be brought to bear on of public opinionWhapoor peintsolitary illegaland before this be proposed to«^i'^^V „,power mayittoSacramento Illver, thus that the preemption system is rather the bane and one tlon tor the tienefit of another ? Tnere la not, tte election in bit district. He did not want to meet arraign Austria. He (Lovxjor) proposed^to hold up to SJi'I?;,,"?!^. hewin « Is done ordtmsry ponr.three hundred miles of road to the th la a benefit. He has been poi of the retributicn of sentiment siavehoidtog *w °^J ll.Pre nower lo one. or hla sututttota or adding proposed cnrse of the rquatter ai.d however this Senate may vote, however pnllc a masked battery. He asked for an investigation public acts authorized. But whealtUroute. This may kiU the bill, as it makes decoyed by this piibbc land policy, and expended judgment rosy pronounce, truth will stand forever. all Ihe circumstances which transpired since the in all iu atrocily and hideousness, just as gentlemen ihi?t1iV tod?, toeit the long- his labor in rearing a little cot in the for- This land is purchased by common treanure. What question was ii,id before the House. He wanted to had here polygamy. Public sentiment will burn anl •^^^i^'p'nded 11 is limitedto the persons BBMd.est route of all thcifie proposed. An attempt wiu be est, making a little imurovemeot, and strug- has the Government to t,ike this land and give it know whether his a seat wsji to be tried on scour out Slavery, and toe properway Is by toe action ""Ihe coun^st! fir the respondent asked whg^«ithor-made to recoasiiler it to-morrow.TBE FBXSIDEST'S PBOTEST.right right to such warraatgling against the dlfficullies tnat surround toThe most worthless? It encourages neslect. llle- pi indole or In a manner unknown to the Constitu- of tbe Slave States themselves. He had indorsni tbe liv there is for limiting tottjepersoah'm, only to find, after a year of toil, thit heThe Jtfdlciary Conmilttee have adopted Hickhui'slaport on the President's Protest, and authorize him vfste<l in me as a Senator, I wouldto Indunry. At tbe end of five years these peoole tbat Mr. Sicsiis came tiefore the Committee on (CiAsx) anybodyhad no leial authority to detoto the peUtiOBer in hlBeaBtoiiy,hadattracted the eye of some speculator,or man ofmore than hliBself I am not ashamel to moneyor else. Yon shed toe blood of my jtv fiir the extension.stund In this pret-ence and say that, by every powerwould for anew divlaion of land, and, oetnaps,EleclioLS It that Mr. Wil- this morning- appearingLiiUBOB had not reached the City,, the Committee,brother twenty yeara ago, and Iam here free toOn the special groundthat tliisraspondeattae«e sons o; honest toll. I did not listen to my friend fromcrythe Senator from Tennessee will say the public demands another division.Tbe Senato went into Executive Session Treaties.Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Party wouldup In Kentucky, and gentlemen now here wou d rioaprotect WiouLi) withmuchpiessurebretze on thespeak mymtod. TheRepublicanspilogo' the Court ts toat the said BASraoBBbe dls- 'rom the custodv of the said Cabaitow.oftee on Ways and Means, reported theMr. Sbibman, propriation bill.Housethenresumedtheconsiderationofthe Anil- Polygamy biU.The. .'MBinorca, anddied at the rssl-wanrn temport.aad C. L. TAUAaniaBAii, Secretary. .•onaly resolved that It is Inexpedient, under existingglieuutanee*, to chaage the place for holding the b<mdlsm. and that for crime. AU these biilB that ate the righte of property aad th» right to de- three weeks. On Ids motton, the various bilis on tike revoBsible.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069vou. If a mechanic from ^""Pho^ver^'hileat Barataria Bay.about thespeak to—and Industry that the money ttiey havewould aporoaclf snypresent wante of the*Se%^>i''T^'^bJmlerpriie, —made by the sweat of Iheir faces should be made toSouto Touwouldstrip himsupportpauperism,wtiich is auotiier name forvaga-andscourgehim Illness, and nevernisremarks that thein itssupport,expressingMr. Bbabcb. of North Carolina. (Dem.) was againsttoaworkmiengrp.eoaplnedof'"""l^iS'tS^^tveunderhimforsometimo.OneApril 5.bandy worcs with the sittingof Church and State,,««="'"«.t'o'e'c'roiwarfwWaKo nhsSa great applausemembers. He tnen said that Mr. Sicxlss bad indulged himself in vitupei^from the Commit- alive the and had at- British tortiluiion. But if I «" rtmaiks concerning contestant,gnnent 'mitmcnotices thetoe . .V . = . , „„. orf L-a^f~lt"tt's men, Joaa Balra.hopeas near as possible to unanimity. He saw ment.a manifest distinction between interfering with Mr. SBiBaAs said lie would not ask a vote on it tor iuSritorityofpassageUntitled Documentsuificiciit revenueto meet theGovern-ani white Ubor he woulda pleaofwww.fultonhistory.com-—--._.!..New-Jersey,(Anti-LecomptonMr. Babesbalx continued to flourish his cane, sev-eral arotmd bim tmd Mr. Si50LXTOb re- gentlemenby the rules and orders of toe Senate, and can only exercise such powers ars are conferred on bim by such general rules and orders, made wito aindividually.laws, snd to Were Ike fight blmBelfsWayT(Lotbjot)floortbat its ethics are no longer to be discussedwere settled by the Stagyrite of Greece, and bave Sbaw regarding toe legality of the arrest of Mr. Bab'tbeytions of their fellaW-citizens towards them. These Ohio, who portrayed it iu gorgeous colors, like the Sbaw, C.J.—This arrest was made by Silas Cablb-suspicions have tie^n allayed, I rejoice tosay, and ailaccounts lately received from my coDstituents go toshow that a bettor feeling exists towards the Govern- pay there siaveholding will go. Precisely upoQ thesame where or will principle, roboery piracywill and go,ment than has keen known before for years. The doubtsSergeant-at- Arou enterad an upon deiegaUng the power to CaaacaB tosaid that tbe men ofconfined to one hundred and sixty acres of land. I existing In thefr minds in relation to their treatment pay theythaa beevesknow where the Graduation bill came from—it came passed, becaase it will pay. Sir, tosn robberies, ThereIstoereforenoconflicttotMseasebetwaeaand Missouri to I2H cents per acre, and I appeal to The fires which blazed so when the more ciiminal, more Injurious to man, and conse- States and an officer of this CommoaweaitlL.that certain houses had t>een fitted up for en- tertainment, at five and six dollars per diem, Includ-tome urging on the row, others aiming to calmtlw itaim. No blows, however, were struck, andpeace was restored on the condition that M*. Lovi- these changes. He should not discuss this question, JOT would eitker speak from liis seat, or from the however, and as he should decline voting on any ofbefore the Committee, would with-clerk's desk. Selecting the latter position the speaker•eatlnued in an eloquent strain of bitter deaunclation•f Slavery and slaveholders, during which a running ton on the 2ist, at 10^'clock, in the Graud Lodge of ject to State Governments, and I ask mv friend—my to eensure. I bave been reminded upon tills floor, as knew or dreamed of. Now, Hr. Chairman, witness before such Committeewere on thalr feet, and apparently prepared for ac-sayingStnators whether tbe men who bought bomes under tliBt bill at 12^ cents per a^re were not as patriotic, and have not as much muscle, bone and brains as those who have paid $1 25 per acre for homes.fiercelyfuel of persecution was heaped up, have now almostmore offensive to God. has SiavehoidtogIt the answer of the which appoefarthsebryeturn to the officer,Itea ;and The landlords of the city bedding.died out. Tbe now— question presentsitseifnot. Sir,quentlybeen justly designated as the sum of all crime. Yuu put every crime that is perpetrated upon men into a moral crucible, and fUssoive and combine toemail,staada aspait writ of Aoieos eorpas, thatsentatives of the people of tills country of all parties,Mr. Gbzih said he had no right to call this a Home- of tbe whole country—are you prepared, gentle- and the retuit of the amalgam is siaveholding. Istead bill. But homestead is the popular cry. Wnomen, again to enkindle those fires? Hr. Speaker, speakingin earnest, before and it is God's truth. God,Stales and President of tbe Senate. It recites toe'of a Committee of toe Senato to appointment toqolreinto toe circumstances of toe at'ack made aby bodyto make a homestead ? Not a Federal Government- and all this talk about a homestead is a nonentity and an absurdity. The first moment the out of the Federal Goverfiment It is sub-has the powerthis is the only one which I desire It has toe violence of robbery, the blood of piracy,inferioritytills floor in condemnation ot that civilization to them, and toe guarantees of toe Con- said Sabboe:*, wherever be could find tiim, aad briagbean madepractice.Mr. Clabii, of Missouri, (Dem.,) Interrapting—Inot to embarrass him, buted by authority of your church, and whether that in-stitutlcn.for such contoiuic. of February last There is »n todorsementof toe:compelled writh fierce gesticulations. He was imderstood to say, impilcatioD.and who will that they know me personal-Mr. Pavoi—I call him to order. Sir. Pershall not shake his fists la our faces. Sir. It is bad enough towhom toe Court was attended la t>ehalfefbegthe whole thing. I will tell you what it is— them sll, therefore, to bear me say, upon mykonor let him stond over there and talk his treason.incapableThere is nothing like a homestead connected with lyas a gentlemen, that the passage of this bill will not Mr. Baekscali, of Mississippi, (Dem..) who hadto a man pralactog toe remark wito some offensive adjectives,sity of discussing the otoer questions to cnnrt be unacceptable to extreme advocates of polygamy been in his seat wito a heavy cane in his hand, came are. These points have lieeo argued.stitution, and unite themjust attempt of the General Government to put itail In to Ibis un- oppositiontoeown side, toe rascal."bisside.no one sup-;ti», Ross, 11 Mass. 271.child, and spoke about a Presbyterian elder down Bu', upon toe third point toe Court are all of opin-and talk agatost Slavent, toEngila^indrcitetleTS^Sr?^J^r?S:i^Pennsylviniaweretogobe held mora ^e^'^!;^srn^^o New^Orieaas,und.r ly went back.hm!'*'"""'°' * «'"e.»nd perhaps tar and ftktker"*"**' ".«« In the Seofli tobeliesad,good one Ua adBaowa stood head and shoulders above any man here imtll h« wa* strangled. Any law to enslave man was as an ar-rangementamongpiratesspoils. Br spiteMcNaib, Sergesnt-at-Arms o' the Senato i>f tbe UaMadSto'es, and tbat tbe saysCablztoh claims to bave arrested Safboes.the Houre oftoe of toe summontog witnesses toquest of thegulatedvested in toe Senate oftobecause, if tbe objectiona, on toe face ofor tic conferred by the Senate by special re- solves and ar:ts, as a department of toe Gov-single ernment,wlthtuttheconcurrenceoftoe otiier mem-inHe can only from his ownspeak direct process to be served beyond tbe iimtta of tbeseat. He cannot, and he shall not,crass this hail to a District, by an authorty expressly given for that pur- arc of Pent sylvaLia StokesUnSdterartwtoond,,TaVpapnacne..TVhaenadkevr-, menacing mann^towards us, as he has done. He pose. I'lie case of Anderson tt>. Dunn, 6 WlieatoaIt is maiufest that that was a wilt of trior Item tic Circuit Court for toe District of Co- lumbia, and it appears that the alleged coatemptof ofl'ering a bribe to a member of tlie Hotiae of Representotives was committed in toe District of Columbia, tbe act complained of as tbe trespass irasdonetheiein, and the to was served process questionby the Serge«nt-at-Arm« in person, under an expressauthority given hy toe House of Representotives, by Morris of Illinoia Niblack. league should notcommit a breach of toe rules, b'rt tlietr resolve for tbat purpose, in pursuance of whichthe Speaker's warrant was ismed.Mr. Btj&BiTT—You may call your Sergeant-at-Arms,in to resume histo the disoider.Ftoally comparativ"e quiet was restored. Mr. SaiBMAB said We are good now.'The second question appears to us far more mate-the blood «»''« ""' °' lo cause tbe petiUoner to be arrested and ."fI hyttiero,(Broom', Lawinformation or teatimony of « «tojeet.^""^H °'Lovijoi said, when Dahiii WiBsiia spoke ofwill bill thewarrantswillnotbeworthadollar. Isittne advertised lor paper, tosustain toeimpositionofAuBtrlaonHungary,heremarkedthe MS.) Tbifgrow,outofthenatureoftheand waste. The object of Go«ernmant tion, toe laws and common Helper book because be waated to do it He dicl i2mfd nesB, laziness, justice.is iirotectlon. Tbisp'au would destroy all in entire Mr. Dawis, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) remarked 10 witoout asking toe gentiemaa from Hissiuri [J"|r/rIt rather belongs;^toat he refuaed toand toe respondent justifying theand co-.:id tienot executed' bytois question. We prelimtoaryto toose who wish to justify ,;,<.h deleeaied power to show jndtelal autoor-:„^^.  