TBB JAPAXmK Dr HBW-YOSK.A TWtai«lro«Wiia»oyanoeoftoogt«aladaj.letdlagSewftmToTBOnWBo WoirLi>'KKOwlliBiia.Tall modemdtscor.imcTovt\ faMNitiiS IntHViiW wilb ibe Bthnokgical <lfi« a caotlaasaa aad laoles.CeatralPorfciBTesOgatian.Ma. B043O A>D MR. BLATCBTORD OH TBI BTAltD"teVatan^lbllaselaiMBd.terHouse Mr.J.AloLaonHomFwr yesterday morningla tfea Chair, aad entered upon the investigation ofdeaeriptlaat af dally, by Prot Fowua, No. KeBcoadway,m-lltT of oomiprMence 'iiTfiic* «»"'"*» of the PlacesMetropolitaneoiptoy, inciudlng the Chief Engineer aad his subonliaa'.es, to ths cepaiiuie from the by thethe Park uhderltsfcrer^byW*^'!* The iec!n»ioaFieaideBt wai e»er so baonered loi offi'-es as were theday,;41ArenttradesIf theychooseCharlestob Janetb* mk lact.^;nwsnoiJiFAff.taken ar'et. U.WachasUftandtbeUs laws,BscictrtkaanaMaitonaof tbe Japanem itaj infartheirfrlenos. MSiaayvor^'o'oDhas»hundred, ,,,. ..-^ Tnesports never took the secondMeeting. place, althoughBLATOBFORD WITH AN ATTEMPT AT BBDEXT—oafounded,"for man what peyfoms farfA "^a^n'«ad ttll tkeir •poatit* 'to ika coilMtle* of the }«d<l* «r Aaei^ca ic a astted.Caiwien' Ia«aeata. SVSPlCIOCaCASE.Information was teft at lh« Coroaas't oflSoe yester-thetwiiMttt'octetlaa*,ttt!t tetierte of ex- hamuli! tiicm for sil*. lidM, ill iUn «i btaliltlri envdt, the-WTWttff sp«]lijls of tkelx KaoBMs tA the aawspapcr?, ep-'TEcbtstoilui Bightaeareh ia •»:•> '<" '="*?S„'pr?'.o?.fw«ar«in~"»baa•f gnon-BwiB BO-Kiin, ainons '-« to reprt'esl 'lieHe hioiMlf (iiunr.)eftttt Hgntt ditnitary. ktvmlB emdearor to recognizeto h»«« e1io«-e iC.^ ui.=.^-tbe charges of Mr. Jahis one of the day »-* "T-rrt Bm^faa loanboramaa raakliag at Booo, fbrmerly ha< died m'*a. * i'.'Sita hKT* aflMto« their lempe.-s.by blm against the Park CorximlsBloneTS, each of ftirBerly had lieen on Intimate tarma, but that an et- the only authentic pttotegrapba cf ^hlch,wltbthepeclheationsattached,^^jtraad trangenenthadoccurre<l.andhehadnotvftftedtbesild to hav. beenschooner off Abse-Flrea.IH A DWELUKO EOCSE.tha iBMnwIlatfi fldBlly, ^ AUHaw-Yoik«pi>taistobeonthe«iv>«wastafceaframhlro.to the Wew-Totk Hospital. Sbeftof tse Pr.ac.mere than atoned for by the Bembers t( the Committsc tor ticke;s. Every mem-of thatof her crew wert cost entailed iheieby, and finally to toe whole man- Between 1 and 2 o'clock yesterday morning, aniaitaiiador 1», however, ana ber had of oersonalfrieuds, ofandstated thattwentypiescotaimlnlstnion.incendiary fire In the three-story unoccDDied happenedcert-iin to •>« a jajn.her object tban hare the nimeroBs per, with clampasne. lnv,iref in*t. Ader "t i;<greatil""/ ''I" '"'7,';g^l; ponaaJtlWlf exploring expeditionss»<e takc^iihe --i^ «-: f-om '•''C'J P'^* THB JAPANkSB WILL KOT""'• LOW lyljig entirely useless a ctiarge which was '!""J«P of—sioieri of Health are holding secret meetingg tri-tMtti <wia| tke twtt"f "*'^-Uttoftheiaved and lost. ThemitislonerF, who said that the stones were not only " "Champion Fire Proof Safes, Jiew-York.pnrme«• i«iu /Wu»» of cemploting their ;00 TO BOSTON.J.J.commanding,MatrntV^*"'! «>«y«r hi-rr. Taei:Their teclnsion It a matteroccasioningCityHall,/ , i lEn.Westatmw^at appears to :^''GciaanGen. Joiw S. Ttub, Chainuan of the Committee absent .for several months, engaged in the teat purpose. Mr. Uoog complained that the Cum- much inconventence to a large class of merchante,in our principal week. G.ilded by faithfulThe Commis-HgnBiJTG's Patent?.^n'M'x?^"?7' u'^'"'"' Manay-ttreet,«ppc«tt«they had nuabars of large Profket, who had the track and sterted with a slightseenbearingdownforthem. Shewashailed,and immedlBtely answered by rounding to and giving them a line. AU the crew were put on board, ex-E.Ellbwosih,have left Chicagotimeofdepartureis fixedforMonday,the2dofof the militia of the avrait with State,Schr.J.P.Collint,Gorhaa,Amber,MrBsilf BKLOV-Brlgwas No aewly-e!ected highly amuiin?-by collltion with an imknown eom, wrly on Mendty mominsoriginal plan adopted Comnjissionen, and Ue inureattd and nunecesstry•Oter hard materialsannfactorles in Japan, producing large quantities ofwanous articles from which small dealers were sup- a length behind at tbe gate, but, run- cepting men enough to man each boat, both of whichtime it was written, to which he replied that they were no more his sentiments than those of the otherthat the letter was drawn up for the eye of the public, and was intended to hide the realwhether he had ever threatened to expose the wholeonWednesday last,but now their., Darling,bamHMaa.>.P.N.£.;sonset,8. Sunrise,fthey aaed the water-wheel for irrigation andturn, lapped;jliedgiln'"nf grala ;aoa or driving machinery, nothing but man-powerto the wreck or floating spars. All whono mechanical power for boring can- ;when Trovatore made play for the lead, andcloiunlgdibneg found were At this time another picked up.scheme unless the Commissioners fulfilled the bar-First Dl\'islananxiety toe oppurtuolty to offer hospitell^ to a corpsSANDT HOOK, Jane 21, sunset-Shir* 6«l4sB BtaM; for San Kranclsce, and Bliia, tor Liverpool, creasad tha Bar at 11 A. U. One is lado aot use wtad-mlUsfey fba parents af children who attend firofficersarepaidforbythe Government•f an officer or merchant must follow the occupation •f his father, but the sons of tradesmen may followwork,kept away,board of this unknown which has lican Association, v.ho took him to task about his re-at tk*is Japaa—of Bnogo, Faogo, and Arlma—and If thay tent an Eabassy to Some composed of Prince Maaiio, a oaphew of Faoao, and of Cmenia. Princeadvance, and ^von the race easy in 2:50^^. KZCAPITTTLATIOB.New-York handicap, miis-and-a-half daah.F. Moaais' b. c. Prophet, 4 years old, 104 poimds,(GaaKV Thomas) 1 Mtestimony of Mr. Hoeo having- been read to him, hewall, returned yesterday leai y.Kingsmade the foliovvlng explanation and denialter, whi e the Central Park bill wss pending beforeelienzeoiable;0I •»,nebec, Capt JoHireorr,them to this everything they possessed.•olllslon en seven tethcmsthe HitThundaF, Instant, lies iaabaatIn Twentieth-street, near Third avenue. Tbey hadwhen Mr. (Oskualy denied ever authorizing Mr. Hogg to use his nameTha axerclses exceeuingiy nartlaalaity the piece -iiox aSd c«was at the dlstence, ami came in equally easy.!jIjjiII\ware worthy of tho greatest pruiiu.remained to the close of the exerci'to. and i"r^f"t withtills morning.__^^^Famines who use wines, should give the preferenceto the above.•xoraealons of extreae satisfaction.Kerarta. WIFEWITHTITEIOL.quality.the schools are paid (orat aaehor Repub- famonte National Guard will into on HIGHLANDS. Jane saaaet—Bo iawaid-baaaCabeiTa la as nearly as possible a transcript of;couple of lengths and raised the hopes of his backerscampment promises to be one of the most successfulH, experieaeedgate«(4tiaitloBsptittothem, many of which it waa dlfi-«aU for them to compvbend, even with pantomime. made play for the lead, butMr. Hose one cent for his influence at This is the third tlnte this company hae met with loss Albany,Had they desired to see our Public School tmin. system m:les,4sec.10044liH. sec; luderthemostfavorableappearances,they.aud to10naiVtcAolas.miles,Autboritle* of the of Ke»-T*rE, Cl^havehadnobetter thanwasfuraishea opportunityNamttofthosemisting Total of tht ciawBytheMonleital attheMetropolitanH«tel.June».l««.,^ ^u^ei, the coatblnation of these two admirable u^.^mnIJiwtiich Dr. Duos discovered arose....64 with the names ofa Ye^terday morning shockingaffairtranspiredatJane 14, looO.The toUowCg rules will be strictly enforced »yikhools. No. 40 aad M, even ?rithout special |i.'ir>xue or preparation.A MIOAL rOK THX TTC009.irom his plaleul havingbeen twisted. It was taken off,The foregoing list correfpondstha lost as telegraphed from May's Landing, N. J.,streets,theprinci- ai^iui,Sir: Ihe on one of my eyes for ttra-admittedno matter under what circiusiJsncesMaesrs. Tipraay A Co. haveto the Tycoon, a medallion teeumonlal of pure gold,waigUag five ounces, and measuring three Inches In ^lurn, andnd!e, whe-p .VkAoIo... who had run throughoutlowingnamesareadded:, :jwife,"S's'^H^_;prepared,as apresent iniiopost"'^ ^^"^'''s quarter, made a burst and sue-g j_ jj^pgoN.In March lastthey were married, but it Is cetsfuU The case was the productiveof tudetomyself,aaof solu-1- peculiar'rnla of America and Jajun, aad accurateI ttm Niagara and a Japsnc&a war-vessel.2 Siles, «:0«; l'^ miles Tt^'"' i^ miiV.' n number, walked in procession from the Institute te In this they were unsu'ccessfol. and at lartlt tieame frequently »f/»"'°«»totlie^a.^tlrceader of "T'SVarrisitss wl" »^P"n'n>c'eJ-rst., aad take teveiaertkedaya party of three of the Jdpsnasewhere the eier- aU attlrtd in white, andliving."'The'doors will be oiiea at » t^dook from WashipnigMtjodnA.g '^,roughimmediaftae^ ,^^^^; mcEce at y o'slock.jKnliifat, la comimny with Mr. Wm. Lii^aito, visitedroca iuui Joira UtjHiiE'B Nicholas I,.F. lloiais' ThrogneekroarST.\kz.the comer of Twenty-ninth-street,clseswereheld. Theywerewhen they had taken the podtions assigned them a«ul- you, your turn >.oarihu' the operation was entirely practlcaijle, was no doubt of perfect s-access,«ui-prl5edlearningyourling the eve and gnining accessmuscle with certainty.i^uranceof thoBernoi^a MiCTEWE, Secretaty.kit become to mn1;h attached to Mr. Liuuii) teat he taaaaraed to ezcbaaga coitumes, and commenred beatenthe willing gaze. Th* pro- consisted of the<ba oada lait night tvthe presentation of a pair oftinsbranchesened bis wife's life at her Subsequently, 'C',u<-;'>am glad!^fe-ss!-^*r«PeterJg^f«^^ onba^Anocaer party, of wliteh Tamrr was the life, .-indreading of reporte onthe vartousto say that the result has exceeded my mos: sanguine keep peace, did not expecteUons. The pite waa but momentapr^ '°1v^^*TOMPaT am wbusuatoektsnta UaatteemadCoimeilmasi faa Tore the guide, visited a number of vTM>dcttniction of the tissuei. hecmieinittaUypaJalleltaltemotion with the other.MOlfllykT,viae** among others Bamam's Museum, where they were much taterettadin the Albbio FamUy, the Angeluntil the horsesever, meettercation whichCawdrewaviolofvitriol from threw tbe vitriol Into the woman's face.niornlog|ddjTittU**"Srfc^^"What la It t"; Ite Vlaskm ObIm •^•"' nary ^SS£JBoy, *"* *be Man, aad sundrr other of the great Show- .21? "tS^TM*Fish, thethe progress ofPeter's. Bev. Dr.at, FraaeisVlategJman's att-actlons. Their prisdpal delight, howaver, was la viewing the stuffed ardmalt, and the artist bu- aladhlmse:iwrth s.'ietcJiesofths llon,tlgar, leopard aad alephan^. The of tha being:r»rtufthe time, and at no ment, and he it aided by an efficient corps of twelvefact Japan***«BtMW betsat ks»7vn in th* street, and helpedevealagthe yoi.r.jti«M*i?*s*j hedging their ttts, Thjs neat WM the ipaciaat padort 9/ tUe rettdeni-e of tbe Piincipa). Both were takes into tJieThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069_ Laterr^ttHMi^JUFnwi VaiTwrtty.TriAuglB.;••;f5<er. The Inserigtton Indicates the name of the i7,.,fri,»" ,i'.'.'i;''^.^as Gaw;least are onvessels in sight. Wind light a.;with two attendants, and all under the«!• of Father Vauaasa, a Portuguese. These in- M. Rtas's b. c. 3VDi;a<src, 4 years old, pounds,board, broughtCity.Theyhave lostthe Legislature,Ueeting or the Police Cohkissiobebs-—The•dneaUoa by all elattet. HAmHoix, however, re-qtMiUdaaofha/lntarriew, when poislbly Ur. Foai- miles, fim. 4^sec.; 3!^ miles, Tm. Si^sec.; 4 miles,ing to break into complainant's avenue, near Fleet-streetand requiringthemtatakeoutalicense ;jua wm be present aad Interpret the interrogatories Sm. Isec, betting;second, Mr.A boy namedgvoaiptness. THXJAFAnSBAHDTBEMTSLIO80B0«LI.Tetterday memiag a party of the Japanese tuite trolled, nnannoonead, into Grammar School No.and then rose to lOO to 20. 7m.SCtec,uptoSSsec.Time bets were made onthird,of thewasauthorizedbyMr.Coszujttomakethatoneof tatlonwasnecessary.lAAvSflksBCSV)TO fbitatb fakilizs.ii«to"$«; wAtsyjO*, andmis ausaBULBB tbstSj tito'tSM,8XCC5D HxAT.—Tikro-srwct again took up the run- ning with Xickoias In close attendance, and part of the time lapped on Throgmeck's quarters, being oc- casioaally snaken clear, but coming up again like awhile WiaSTta acmbiages In our schools they cotild have seen had waa cheered by Nicholas' friends to Inereased U been arranged e^ressly for them. Mr. Davm B* exertion. The last half mile was enteredS'.uTT, the Principal of No. 40, the largest boys' amidst much excitement. Nicholas having made a acteol In toe had brush for tho lead, lapped Thngmcck at the firstthat ho was. Subsequently witness met Mr. Coitsuii in Albany,anl.toToNicholas's forehead, whilst Throgsnecksidercd it a damage to their cause.The investigation here adjourned to 10 o'clockThe Jaoanese ^"^are all warranted aad the pureWBLCOKE AUD BBOEPTJOH or TiiaElBBASST,''=^'- 'f.|,»'< <4na tod the purpose of the mddal, and Is inclosed in ^ih^?t«em.ed?v '";'' "^« point it became evidrnt^atgtep of the two nations intertwined. On the re-~^<'~'^gf(r1f fheUkenest of President BccaAHAK, finelyCB(IB««b*o an oval three quarter face—a counter-aot aftto celebrated one worn by Miss Lase, "Thea, beaidea the inscription, contains the inter-and toonlead at thening round the three-quarterthe score was passed In fine style in about the sameII'i'Urogs kepthieactress.said that their union from the first wassue-1'1,'^de'ri'-wlU be issued fbrIhalt-mileIVoii<x»reWIND—tookfour length-s at the half-mile post.goStaten Island on the Sth of July, and expect .to turnplace,-"A sharp rally by Tnyt-'otoTCtgate and round' the turn, reduced the opening oy athe and ren- boats,JouB HmnsB) 2 The next race was the great event of the day forLIST or THE SATED.The following is a list of those who reported them-to itand much more to the same effiecu After he had gone(Tapaaera The interpreter replied that one of the $1,200 added by the proprietor of the Course. The yesterda^yhorses which were run were Mr. Johh Hntrm'sat the PoUcelapped on Tkrogsneck^s quarter:George W. Johnson, son of Mr. Johnson, the actor. Charles Miller, ordinary seaman.Robert Wilson, seaman.John M. Brown, captate of after guard.In connection with such whereupon Wolfe'sany agreement, Schnapps should be in the hands of every traveller.Jeremiah Coffee, cocwer. City, taken up all hla department gate, and shook him clear at the second gate by four Cornelius Crow, landsman.ing. Out did not elicit anything at variance with the It is the purest liquor made In the world.IS.^221 IU,h^¥''"""' °' Ihging and speaking givenGrocers and fruit stores.wentroundtheupperturnwithanincreas- ing lead, while Throgsntok was fairly beaten off. 2£:^TMi1h?.'.T'" 'n.tbeir fine assembly-room. Niekolas came over the score five lengths ahead,JohnFarren,fireman. James Farren, fireman. Samuel Sizer, fireman. George Price, fireman. Joseph Bache, fireman. Daniel Smith, fireman. Peter Conway, fireman.ToUl 20.becapitclatioji. Names of those savedBiAicHPoaptoldhimthathewastheof the whole party where the interview occurred that not one of them would have a forDruggisU, "^^ ihvltedntia were thus b...u-..ai together ahout l,20«Dunils.lengths;laughing-ttock ;Also WOLFE'S PDES COOSAC," BkAIDT 13 BtnUS,BAhEiEa, sHiiiT aan roar vraires MincAL csa.LiatB Sutan, $1 tt $1 Ml aad ralt«n-tt.ir"2f*.J? iS'^-^y"'*'"^iutheiiFls in deUgi.i^a the JapanVseWxBSTxn leaning forward In his stirrups, and pattinggiven copper his influence, but, on the contrary, would have con-At EVAN'S',puUed up Time— 54 nuie, S8J« sec; 1 mile, 1 mln. 59JS sec;BetwetaiSoldtadCMttt. PBOeRAHMS __ „____,„_.his offfore-foot,flic corner of Centre and Leonardiun. w,.h,.i.c^1h. wr,eor.eo W..l,Uui,.a.mu Fj:a,s«t,veonu traw alnl actor.BcprAio. M. D.—OcarKut off -'t theeven, butBoth Neck took the lead and track It to the half-mile In the^d N.O.PoaiiB,butafterwards signed bythe f*l-at several of the•'••'P«"'=^!^ crowdlapued onpsssirgltjustlnfrwt. 3Vo«<ilappedondranlockedassanit, eom-post, with|. /«,- the over tlie back strstc.a round the last for «" mdiBftUaln. aspects. Its foalaMrflal dae^ MB. BOOa BKinKATIS BIS OBAROES, AND native of Tennessee, and beftrc maalliig this misfor- trine ltr(h*t aaeh meiital faculty te es^tlM brturn, S'lddst great cheering^ coaiai; vver the score In S:49)(, a Fa«t*»a»«w Ball on Monday nl»1>t. ^^^ ^^^ length behuia Bmmttt, who was chaered tamul-: a.— I*Tbiiajaiedwoiiitnwas 18 sans ofAvaaaily as can be UasKcsafiWtUalnBeUd* iu»»"HECAK PBOTE IHIM—HB STATEStipret^. Tbe aeensatlan of InfidalttywssanOUierbeastUoleaatest,—a fitting finish to the BB CAME TO RBSIGIT, AKD CBABOES MB. band ehargat agalaM her, tha declares to be utterly size and qaaU<r of vhtoh an pnunmatt la Itl.-tfilStoaWladdiain^olohgrotfhefiofcficaiials of tte' City G'ovenimhen«^d_i eielflBg «T the Bma-tm. led andc?iS'^;f;^','niid'N\e'?c'ss's:Sh':^ aadrace.Thus ended the Spring Meeting on the FashionSATS•-- •^--'-ntnoosly.Toe thlid heat was ran In the closest manner, andHieaisofaportloBofbiaia,culledUaatima, thasetmi to tt»ve cre-CA»niti..<Bra>.Iaion. will c.«t'ih^kta^^ta^M Also take different eaadirtates for tte Tittlemiswri) at this port-list of tbe Saved and of tbe Lost,received late ontel«^aphic dispatcb,ynnul «pp««mnM. ; twr> ^'Pefts ^111 d'.i-lDdl* Ixtc is «lff Hi Seance. 'wora on the fark bcs been aone, to the competencyMttm tie aultitude of de»cr:ptlJ=8Ayesterday sented a or he would have n ad Ms wltneases wiia turn. Thedeed. It isthat he ahall b« -wttk oaehiB own J»-'- of h;s<:--£s« indInetdsofAI-. at ihat—mjs'.costanaoinunt In comoarlscn -wttn wtuntt, tne cost ofhis death resulted yesterday. the Sabtequeatlybody becaoe asnaturally swollen and otherwiaejAPi3t.—Prince Boozen-DO-Kuai i» tderaon ant! Councilmenpre- peculiar appearance. A pott-mortem ex- aziDloatlOB wH] be made of tt to- daT,anC meantlrne theprince !• rumored that ka has avda aa asiaatal ra-mdeim. aal tne rupper, wlJi cha:i.pagae,for a.N^ii'. r:e:'.istE, -.=6 ie«)m«nt of la«, bet not least,least six aoobana peiiom, gr»U»-indand other badiviuptoins, which contiBned .ODtilTmaquarter, Xl tha half Bowmh justherla headed tbe marc and ,,n very clbeely to the score,of (sloetousmlttedlCfawto pllaiii. Bgfore his Incarceratlen a PhrenoIogT Is tha BMtt ustfolof ^/rona ran side eHCb andsidewithhim,andneverallowedanopenleni(thblm tar PltWratgh.Penn.:tt*and to pnsfnt nature lavefled aad la beslkaelbut one to Intervene. Bourbon came over tbe score, with ^l£?^.V;k'.^4^;r/aVV;,JJ'onl^^^n day-worldi ; itclaimstodiaetoaathetealstetaaiMR. BLATCBrOlS DEIIIES THE CHARQE.The Legislative Conuuittee of Investigation into light bf-tueen them, in 3:31 >i, the winner of the heat the management of the Central Park, met at the As-bigamy, dtclaringpMiM»»lirtnres." Examicttiona aad writtenCourse, for which Mr. Couoa deserves cotamenda. tion.LOSS OP THE U. 8. STOiMER WALKER. TWENTY PERSONS MISSING.'-Particulars of the Disaster—ArrlTaltbeplace afterwaFT's until the evening of lite attack.ageuientoltoinef "^^^ ertoced by tl» rest of his whose hui'^eds he wa? never before aware, and supposed to be lost, whila the survivors, some forty Suiue of the specifications are extremely frivo- brick dwelling-house. No. VI East Po'tielti-iitreet,The Eib.—po!i<i:aJposition,took it by half a length at the first turn. On ap-proaching the sate on the back stretch, a sharp brush may have picked up, if any at all, is not knOK-n. It admitted that he had, but said he never did so untilIheyvaccination has been leeently introduced, aad Is much used la Jeddo.Mr.Gjuianaakadwhether,inIS82,therewerethree home-stretch,¥rophetpastedthegatetwolengthsin missingmentmtil2o'clockP.M.,Thursday,when, Mr.BLANBroanwasaccordinglysworn,andthe;;which enced by Profket putting his head the son and shoulders in front, and increasing his lead bylarge schoolshe was called by the Nineteenth Ward upon—age, which cost^t,oeo. Is nearly finished, and the en- Thetchr.Jalla Ann. firom PhUadelpUa. arvlaai atmiles, 2 min. 99 sec.; 2 miles, 3 mln. 57 sec; 2XTheyEach bottte has tbe importer's certifi-yoKTHEGRAND JAFANBSBI y-miles, ; min. 55 sec; 3 miles, 5 mln.S2!i sec; S3«PalleeinAQEOY OFF THE STAG!—AN ACTOR ASiAULTS HISbestcate of Ite purity.T min. MHTiiiRD nskT—Nicholas showed signs of lameness inHsoiyno Wolfx, No.22Beaver.st., New-York-he was brouRht to the score without it.pj,a.l.s= " Gaw, ,DixON,[^^S?^«nwUlbe'wo iengUis as they en- tkat the a,;«oIm hhU the rac^ in hand, and beanythingbliss,suspactod teparation.inv^itno,rscontaued to iBcrca-...i^ .^^, „„,,^^g'lXtheFBBW8 FnULE Ingrnqre.—rapture, tbeyhowevar, played a,1distruttftl of suc«ia reason I made no attemptfourth mile, double his lenmh aheadof the Ferris FemaleInsUtute tookthat 1 vrassoii.ewhatthe score m acantu-. Timo—a mile, frIJc-.'^d came over 'commencement"The'Krfrcsbn-cnt Beom willb^"PenfMmUuntllSmile, S:Qif •^^•'"and eyes, and been an ""^^nctowards apiB;s 59; :i!< miles, 7:0ii' ""'"=••4 atnecessary for Mrs. Gaw te join atraveUag company,of the lipshorsej'headsm going past the upperprobablyThe schooner" cuargc the crew. John McMuUen, Captain main-top. JohnObacrrlBg a reporter taking notes, MaTaaHerz langh- gray gelding Throgsnici:, by CracJ:tr out of Sallxe able to report himtelf,) Quartermasters. Robert Bell, was regarded by every onepiesent, except Mr. Hooo, remarked that they had some who could write Ward, i years old, HI lbs., (Gabat Thokas.) At the Joseph Meary, George Penn, Joseph Peterson, John as notmng but badinage. 'They were alliaoghing to-rrlacas at that time had left Japan with Father Va.ajcxizv. but of his own accord, and without the au-ibority of the Government, It was not an Embassy. 123 lbs., iDui'i, WEBnES,) and Mr. Ftincig Moaais' Brown, J. R, Hall, Sssex D. Corcoran, (sick and tu- their favor. This wai said in a laughing way andKicholaa /.,chestnut Rkodetgelding,by Glman, >4I48,lon.e0M.ofNannywould not enable him to use hit influence inBBOOKLYN IKTELUOENCB. —bound E.. wat teea. JoMg, lat. fl 4(.VMVlgBFMla.iagly start, Tarogsnec^ jumped ofi* first and took a strong Desmond, John Rowe, Joseph Clark, John Biien,B«imada, Jan* bark ir]mrad.Iiaai^ If,lengths ahead.In the first tius, NickoUuYoung, gunner's mate. Edward Lynch, arms mate.entering onlypaidsucceeded In "just Joseph Wilson, sailmaker. John Taylor, firemen. for they well knew he had none. Subse- by eznlosion in their works.secnJs; 1mU«-2ovIV.place yesterday.At 2J4 o'clock P. M. the pupils, ITS returned te this City in search ofthe operation repeated for so many yean, but hailng employment, heard surges?«" ipani down with (helfmilcs,V> ;. BBCAI'ITCLAIIO.N.the Lecture-room of the Madison-avenue Church,,i|1 could not resist Uie temptation to con-Time-8:SThe third race was for ajpursoof $300, for horsescharming ampatherwbat,conviDoc-d it gaiu you pe,:Mllar 'ac-llnas for;S.7iii.poiinds, and Mr. T-'os. 3 Pcoraa's Boarimt,of Uie knowledge which the InstltuHon affords,butJustice KsLLT issued a warrant for his arr-. -t, withunnecessaryOld,30pounds,«ereettereJ. Onehundredto:iu tnetho view of binding him to the 11,how-betonrourfton. TheFe were pleasantly diversified n ith ainclus bywa» not the served, anddel^^b. ohatge fofe""1-^me- control-iSiiiduring the meeting -i—mile heats, ioi ceedlngs at the Church mainly;Mr. Tuoi. IDo DosvnL's Irona, i years old,years ihirty closeI,but a day or twosince,mebut on method of operating, 1 was Jschooner was seen, apparently engaged in the samewhose fame issoextensive.ship eemlag past the Haak,but she soonis hoped that, of the twenty persons missing, some atin tow of the Achilles, and oneTbe Seventh Regiment Escampmext. The Spit, botmdont. wind light S.; weathetdear.Bit not at aU improbable that some of the inq>ilries shutting out daylight," until they entered tha upper Michael Lyons, Daniel Evans, Frederick Dougherty, quently, during the same day, he bad a talk Items.—City Court Calendar for MondayNog.:presentedtoreturned fiom herjust provincialvessel, carried them to some Southern port.signation, and forced him to explain. At tbe close of the cross-examination, Mr. Gaxin steted that Mr.BLATCHPoan was present and wished an opportunity te contradict the statement of Mr. Iloao relative to hisout with nearly full ranks. Their new equip- campwhichdered such timely and important service, proved tobe the R- G. Johnson, Cart. Hin>s05. He remained inbut after a very exciting cash for the lead down the the vicinity of the sunken steamer, searching for the attempt to biibe him.;first heat was veryFat Skeleton second mile, when Hourbmi was beaten off, aad however, more to the useful than tho ornamantaL in the neighborhood of the Tombs.owirse s-A-ung into the home run on the of stady appears to be very comprehensive, Inellninc,S:50^,the run lockedtime did Irona have a lead of more than a|j|pocket Someand per-'''n'^n»a*S?ru°sLr-'^Uoflengths.Untitled Documenttoaiwhowlteessedthe occurrenceimmediatelyse- result,coupleand orle,icher«. The names the gradu-and we shaU recommendpatten*B«v. Oharlei O. Ally.in the tSiuainary Ohapel.-wd ",.n.T^ «•*«».atpicked upthe weather being thick and it blowing fresh, the vessel was headed for Cape May. Here they were all landed, and the same afternoon the steamer Kni-but the relaxation and sociable features He said that Mr. Iloes called at his office last Win- of the oc<»sion will b« none the less enjoyed, (juar-who kindly received them on;and stated to him and one or twotormaster Woiobxstu's department is busy with ths necessary prepaiatlons.byyesterday abwit nine miles distaat. About ten fitet a( her mate-qolriaa, whleh were put by Mr. Guaat to ascertainAc troth of the Jesuital account of the first JapaneseSaihatsy, created considerable merriment among the the Four-mile Heats Post-stake, $20U entrance, and selves on board of the receiving ship North Carolina on in thte way for some time, witness told him thst if transacted. Mr. H. A. Rowlasb was appointed tele-Mr. Guthrliie, osuoun InIfI LAjiievutL. ,Gxuutvhiruiec, iInM charge uoifgethimwhether B(oardadjourned.• 'outby ITafgoiur, years old, Burton, master-at-arms. Charles Clifford, John $250establiabmant of Messrs. Bocx & Co., comer of Dupont and Liberty strecte, exploded, de- stroying the building and severely injuring one of the Japanese to a large number into the second mile, some variatian occurred, be- Minor, John W. Walsh, Burnett Canah, ordinary discounting Mr. iloae's note for any reasonabte the workmen named Doaick. The loss is estimatedGeorge,heoc*. tot AsplBWan, in distres*. teaky, patia ttfe: schr. Orion, o( aad Iras PMvJaoatewn. (whalai,] IBqnJek in Japan, but none wlu> ceald write so quickly lead round the turn,Ipyrotechnicaathat.increasingstretch to eight or nine lengths. At the half mile itYoung, L<«an,Jones, John Smith, James A. Golden, seamen. James Ciark, James Delorse, Aloczo HoskI, John A.wasmadeasapartofthegeneralJoke. Nosumof $500 was mentioned, nor was anything said aboutaD w*D. S^^BB^MB—nw aarapUatBadabywas reduced to three lengths, and when passingfore crossing the score, irith Thnginuek five seamen. John C. Johnson, boatman's mate. James!;months oat. wltb tt bblt. aa board II;ofSorvi- over to taloB, avd n« was called upon to subetantlate When he reached home lietaiM. to achieve the oesir.-d result. rival, vesleruay, of the steamer Kenrubee, Capt. tain place In the Park is a pile of dag-stones or $2.00o before tbe flames cbnld tie sabdued, but the possibility rerelviDg any pa-coold act ico:e liidofaU- was'freely employed Toe tree sap- which cost aaud wereNo. 134 Foortsaatli atraet, a^^n^r the A<:adeiny of M'lalc.,,H,,- of bargata-liiiHtars Tte Ball ismoney,lots Is coveredan instuaace for In tbe Peter $3,000tell the cost of>r*T« tn*, uui tboa render useless the entire mls- told that the Embassy had found it impracticaDle to helm being put hard a-port ; but at the same time tbe amount onginaiiy contemtfated. In addition to meetings of the Board, or at tbe close, with the un- gteamsklpAraao, Lines, Havre, K«w-Tark A Han*f^fear that the late news from Japan waoldthe helm. The order was obeyed, the;degree.Clearadarinofthe preeeot Embassy,. was completely dls- filM by the sddltlcmal advices pabllshed yesterdaythese general charges, Ur. Hafl« accused some Com- derstanding that no Information upon which the Com-6*Dale" '**' """' **"**'^ la*BT»ael,J,and the two Immediately preceding him, lae ofScera attached to the first and second Aalassadors. The visitors were Introduced by CtfL DoTOST, and were seated round a aentre-table, aatthaeaiiferenee began. The Japanese recognized a Jajpanese woiIl on arts and manufactures, that has A^u la the possessiou of the Society ten years. Thay aald, In tha course of conversation, that the iMok waa eomoHm In Japan, aad cost about ten cents^fifteen minutes the water had risen to the furnacesand extinguished the fires, causing the engines to stop. Orders were now given to clear away the twosloners and held oflice fromthe 1st of May, lti^7, tothe 5th of May, 1850. In answer to a question why Ifort^ifa,Norfolk, with mdse, and pasaengera to &Co.]B. Cromvdlters,For the Committee,The Tnrf.\iassertsthathehasa on the coast factorythanks to our city visit us.Invltadons, were order toschooner was obseived to put her helm a-starboardreply,tnemielvet,Steamer P. Cadwaltder, PierKn, Baltiaore, W.' pub- Dalzell.governmenttakingtemptedto gofor itsgreat disap-portthus rendering a coUlsioa inevitable. At both ves-of It, must, for tbe present at least, remain a c.iuntry except to disembarkexpectation that the Niafora might have been ordered was made to hail her from thebought any price." the utmost cordiality,and dismissed with aa apostolic Schooners On the cross-examination, wnlch was conducted byTirw WITH TBE STHTJOLOGICAL SOCIKTT. Ok« of the moat interesting interviews yet held iHththe Japuese was that of the Ethnological 80-to Boston to receive them.President Phiipb, of the State Senate, happened to but it failed. The shock of the collision im-8^Tannah, D. O. Hnirar Tillan Bdle, (Br.,) Bamy.repeatedwe expressed the regrets of our govern-at mlssionars wished to put the ban of secrecy shouldInment and urged the considerationmissioneri of collusion betweencourse of his that Mr. the examination, BLAToaman,President of the Central Park Commissioners, at-of the New-England,which in- l>e used. Why do the Commissioners fear the greattog. It^itdlploBMcywillyetreaptheirfullreward.ThepayrespecttoagreatnationthroughItsrepresenta- Theschoonerstetickthesteameronthepoit- tosubstantiatethecnarge.HealsosutedInthe St.BatDsii's.—Theresidenceofto be beyond dlspnte that^t Twfiantr Govemment antfcorlzlag the Embassy ton especially, woxild feelthere was no agklbstcolleagues, tryand of Bos- whose hopes had •SBBaaea la power, and that Amerlcaa enterprise been excited, and whose disposition it was, and is, tosels wereappearsofheadway, alter his the shock was Instantaneousdowhen he said he would have tha documeaia with htm AKCBBISnOP HdOBES and THE CaTLDREH OFaatter was a subject of coounent among the Naval ft^alsilnn and others having charge of the Em- tasty at the Hetropolitan yesterday, and much satis- fcrtlSB was erioeed at the turn the news had taken. Vhctkar(hepnsceAmbassadorshaveyetbeenmadewas the scene of anThe school children* i;;;5'i^?fsr.'.^B;3'2&S*-^; Laasirititfhltr. Ja*. Bc^mwI ^""^^^-^pointmentpeoplelic ? bringing forward any proof oaOl tha next session, p^iersftheyfrom theships Star of tbe Union. Gcrhsm, Liberia aad Ke>under full time for either tothat the citizens and bow, near the^ forward chains, her head-rail they hopedtheuves.They rejoinedof Boston would not take ofi'enee at the course they felt constrained to adopt, and urged lev- cral rea'ons for their action, such at the iUnes of one of their number, and tbe fact that the Niagara was to sail from New-York, inolcating that it was within theWhydread disclosuresbe present, and expressed the gratification that themediately brought all that were below on deck' and word was pasced that the steamer was sinking.mission,ia behalr of his comrades, to which the Archbishoppeople of the whole Commonwealth would experience There were by a visit from the Japanese Embassy.replied in fitting terms, and accompanied bis remarksvidence. muter;;Chue, Ifills, BrMd,Capt.DnposrsaysthattheJapaneseareverymuchsalver and two5VS?r'',Srit'^tl^ vl!iir.krt^«l^iM^.f rTr^SihSloopsApollo,Freeman,Proyidenoe,amgtcr; ics, Steclman, Bristol, lUSter.;;course,G. 'West. S. HeedBarksFCTStis,(Br..)WoolHo'1, Thompson. l>eiDerara, J. X, Smith h Oo. :" 'under the steamer's plankshear, staving in the iron plates, and opening her down to the water line. The vessels then Sjiung clear of each other, and, the schoonerwasobsdrvedtoroundtoandremainwithto bribe hhn nottoAlbany last WinterBrigs E. Dmmmond Oeean. AfpiawaD, Ft^iaa S* Co.. U. JC. ]Ulliisii,Hoidea,PhBat«lplS;j.B.Bad:and did not believe thatanyoneofth.com- necessary mlssioneis had ever made la dollar by ^virtue of hischarged,Saaouo, Essma SaGOsimios and Taiisi Tooj- tendered them by the authorities here. To-day they but the hole was so large and the force of the water office, which he was not legally eniltled to.iTbb Alleoed Slates Hariqcita.—LimaAntvaaao—tha last named, one of the Interpre- keep" their rooms. Very respectfully,JOHN S. TYLER,so great that it was foimd Impossible to stop it. In He saia that he was one of the orielnsl Commia. TiANA, who appears as the owner of.the sohooner Steamaiiip Mount 'Vemoa, ,—LAST DAT'8 RACKS—THREI bo)te, (one having been destroyed by tha collision,) FASHIOX RACS COtTItSIhad certain bills before the Legislature, among which was the bill for the enlargement of the Park, which passed the House but met with opposition in theThe manifest of cargo shows an assortment of such articles as areanaeat. Duiliic the last fifty years this permit was cupied the grand stand yesterday than on the previ- ing at the floating spars and loose materials of the ing of Mr. Hooe'a letter called for the readingbyment of gallant and humane conduct in rescuing theused IB t&eu oauntiy ^50 years. It was brought proprlet:ning,ana their crowded condition left little or noBrig Bary Farrow, Elwell, withttcfa by the Portuguesekated in tha book) had been used in Japan 300 yearsand gives a-^ the only reason for his re-Tni Zoi-AVRCAnFTSorCiiicAGo.— rheluugioi- lu: £cBton.eaal.din wttk IBM-ttay had not used gunpowder in blasting ae^atoraedto use iron and steel tools;;;)that his brethren can now release him from his ardu- ouslabors. Theletterhavingbeenread,Mr.HoaaBrfMikhavea'Schr. A. B. Hayes, Babintea, Tiaatao. Ihr Phila.;from the land, and, even ifout of Cassandra, 4 years old, 104 pounds, (Gaabt reach the surf which brokeCompany ofNIcMas, Ootrell,13and and terrible.^ AustraMa. Spencer, UTeraod. -—fla,: ol fla.; Intsaf Atkins3n,Balibz,A. SMthers » Ob.; Wm. WlIttaT aeqsalnted with the news, or If they have what they scope of their Instructions not to travel through the her sails shaking for four or five ininutes. She then this offer, he said he told Mr. BLATCHVosn that to the Archbishop, by whom they were received with Van Name, CIndad Bolivar. Barbsak A Ca^ Waasa-and they Intimated an filled and on her sonrse. away keptAn effortsteamer, Hessre. Gaziii and GkAT of the Central Park Com- blessteg, accompanied by a handsome present. One Co.: ealleso, Snitk, BiehBead. TT rifcmt .Y1.GinaBii ordered the vessel headed in«My delegation yesterday morning.Missis Cothui. and G, Gajasi, and MATsmon to refuse a great portion of the attentions mocks and mattresses were stufied into the opening, TMi..T«„«,. h.,1 »v,>r m«/i«.a nniirThvvir*,.- r>f hi. of their vlsit to the veueiate d head of their Church.Capteinl^^asent Mr. Ewbahx, President of the Society; fatigued and really want rest, and that they find It and sent men below to stop the leak if possible. Ham-at the presumption of Mr. Hoos in claiming to It round the back- Andrew WUUam William J. nave the Senate under his thumb, and this remarkwere Btoudentood—that relating to schools par- turn, ftom which point the noises ran lapped Henry Hunter, Michael Boyle, coal passers. Peter with Mr. Hoaa in the presence of Mr. Outa, 9, ), 31, 33—Fourth Monday cases : fios. 55. 4, 59, 80,to the back gate, on the last mile, where Nicho- Decker, John Harrison, C. T. Thomas Rix- when Mr. Uooo reiterated the stetement thatilenla^, at the most reliable authorities state that (boy.)las lost a length, and was unable to regain ley, Lds. William H. Mapes, 1st C. F.Henry Dick,;he had the Senateunder his and in order to 94—Jury cases A man named Panics Naw- thumb,At Jipaaeta Government take* great interest in his position. After a burst down the home S.S.draw him out, witness asked him on what terms UAH was committed by Justice Coaawau yes- aehoala, aad even compels the attendance of the run, he was pulled up at the distance stand, There were three others known to have arrived in be would withdraw bis oppositlan to the Park bill and terday, to answer a charge of alleged burg- «bIMian, aad the learning of at least the rudiments of Tkrogsneck winning the heat in a canter. Time—it the steamer, making forty-four in all who are saved. i use his Iplluence to secure its passage. Mr. Hooo re- lary prefened by F. E. CoBwn, lor attempt-mile, iBi. 0!iBec;lmUe,2m. 3;^see.;lJi ralla8,3m.that lie would do it oh these condiUons, as fol-8ie«.; 2miles, 4m. Siiisee.; 2ii miles, Sm.5!itec.;3foiUwesd:First, he was to have the appointment of Su- of Labor in the or some otherAtETAH8>,aad (g.Faltea-t^supplied by Mr. Chaaus Giffobd, Quartermaster on berth worth at least $2,50U per aimumaad aaawert with his cottomary tccaraey and The had opened at 100 to 60 on Tkroesiuck, board of the Walker, to whom we are also indebted DAIIS18 was to have a berth of similar value—Mgaae there iinlnTited,but by the merest chance were leach. It was a very pretty sight as tney passed lutelenUtted to see one of tbe most interesting as- the third and fourth miles, with NUkolas Michael Olman, seaman.the conditions, and repliedand Mr. Hsac being there at the same time, heshore,any hewishedItdistinctlyunderstoodthatheneverhad er,which were borne back inLIST OF THE HIB8ING.The following list of the missing crew has been perintendent Park,stables on DaKilb- A number of billiard table keepers have clubbed together to test the lawfor the particulars of the collisionMarcus (or Marquis) Buoneveata, ward-room stew-ard.Michael M. Lee, ship's cook, (colored.) James Patterson, ward-room cook, (colored.) Henry Reed, second mate.Timothy O'Connor, sacood gunner.John Driscol, seaman.j< ''crushed Commissioners. lie was asked whether he under a FlusUng-avenue car, yesterday, that ampi^pupils and tee distribution of awarda Thepartiesagain uutU 10 o'clock yesterday An al-C.score, under a hard pull, in Mr. II. GiansEk is the Principal of the estabnih-onouryourS4th.ia»gc«j. ^^i^^i^^^X'^/^Ss^iG^^professorsEmay by srNDAT. Jaly 1.'aling clisi are XLstes ijears, Vatiderpoole, Baldwin,fromaid j.cied up tha woman £aybirinjnarlyaflUcted,toapplytoyou.,;t?^'^"','i' 'I"T--The betting now turned round at Brand, Mile*, Wiaiami, Uavett and Biiggs. In the cuiad the |scoundrel, Falthfolfy yours, Miafm MATaijM.^.,whsn Bisbopsasta^D* IjWj:badlyJONH ENGLISH. -E. SMITH,cau-seI had been oi^rated on In Berlin,The second annuatomarriage,together at Providence, R. L, whence they other. For thisthe ccmer of RoonrVwd Wtter-Mi.,tbe aontig tnadev yither itsfular eheuBltueM.Mia friends state be was taken lU on Sonday even- Commitlcie. Mr. Booa vpa« OAlloA to tne EtajM), aad lag laat Immediately after partaUna a fftasa of Itqoor Interrogated at length upon the written charges made at the drinking saloon of a persm wiin arfeoea liejutamn^isex.'".:.'^.Central Faik ConuululODen. iloBnn,WuiiiBigiand fitcsnau. were sworn as ofielal of th« reportersWashhgten. «<'4tf rilAlftinUthem, This,forthemostpart,hewuuuabletodoof hli own petwnal kiiowledir, but he reiterttod Chetiuih of each and avowed hit ability to aob- charge,itaniiatethemallatthe time. Hewasnot properawa:e ihat ha was to be callea to the standwu tuen with severs pilni In (be rtomach, accompuiwl wltb Toaltiog,andTicePreiideBcy.Thursday,wMlo»«"<>"•''^«-"''=* ty^arolBKtii3entireRmbAf^j»ttlioMeeropollt»nfor fromCapeInland,MewJefB«T,anmtnmcedtneloss charB,-Srelateprincipallytotl,emannerInwolchthe BUBpectedparty"willbekeptrinderpoUceaurvell- qtaiemsmteTRats.Kwox,peromveldreoa_fBroada«rfe»KdaoPxa'la-of laoaey.ton-street, shonld he aitrmilsit ivyI!gbt straw ExcelstoT Hats are just now all tSa raaa. For Uihtness. beauty of Asign, and teaeral eltgtaae, these natt are haid to beatlUmmmm^The number and taportanee of (bahavliimc ezVaS^nceTlie BOit cOBflxnied female ahopper in lh'« CTel' stj;?or supplicat'on, protestation iad promise in number, bad^oeen saved in the boats. By the ar- lous, as iCur Instance he nienuons toat at a cer- owned by Jambs Pcbt. It wss damaged to the extent cpnigOsegtehmeenU of Dr. HofAarLtv. the Andmsto,raaarlallwpiw-acne at the last nigh>, in the of the Vnlted SUtea Coast Steamer Walker oi the Commissioners and of the men In theirTtevJctiity of the rooms of Sie Commi.tcc o. tne Com-laon Council,Surveydeal of»" the unrortiinate s'eamer, we have been enabled to naby *'iiitenoao lor Summer- D"o—uses, out which are Cooper Company. The taacendlary te not suspected.by'he taxpayers «::: have an oppor-iuuty of spidylng gather full particulars the disaster, and a com- readily alsposeu of by Mr, Gxuti, one of the Com- COHXISSIONEBS or Health.quf.eover, and the JarJne.pJoiinsc:?, froia Cape May, with forty of the crew oforlgl-pleteWalker, Lieut, which his beenoiigmaUy intended for Siunmei- houses, but wereBtHl so Intended, and m due tune would be ueed for weekly.Znaae already !j.cro.3«3 to suci huge proportions ar'Dointed to Invite the Japanese to visit Boston, work of the coast survey, at the South, was musfoneis had already expended a million and a as are unable toPaaaaacera ArrlTad. Tnschr Hound, fr^m Su George,ascertain what extra quaran- regulations the CommlssloBeTS impose upon ves- sels from Southern or tropical ports, unless by Quea- as tuose who were invited to compete for elans, and tlosing the clerk to the Board, who is not always 'ikH* of friend! of the Committee who hare tbem We called at 9 A. M. and were unable to see Capt. ten hours sail of New-Y'ork. The wind had been who were icqmrcd to confine their plans i^oiln cer- te b« found, or on the Health OiScer, Dr-Zu '«a tae Mpaclous Niagara S da fUt to mixes the following report to Mayor 'Lrfcouf:they returning to New-York for repairs. She left Norfolk quartet of aollars, and that the Park was not yet tinenot to the credit of .tawiil tUed. «ad atlll they shop—Sr. JllCB0l.*5 Hotel. 3« P. M., June 19, IMO.one finished quarterfrom theand daoghter. Sirs, Isaac Davta. %Mras.nip^-— daufhter, Capt; Baghee,lata oI brig aiabe, Mrs. 17«^ AMemen:k'and there was atieiti head-iea, which considerably retarded the progressthat cenainthe CommliEionen had been allowed wBon r_,ises.... « 8tnd7 HookJO a"We h *Te sent you two messages but at their own rolition, in Broadway ai Dtipoji, because be was closeted with the Ambassa-;2'4underfull and headon. He therecortofbadcharactersaad CaancUmen b« It said. In tbeto- day, Informing you of the illsuccess of oar mission.(targe,Jxraiyi ** pleues«M «r 001 Ttitoble eUmate that they Uv* been wlthihlm.He informed as that among the subjectsblowingNortheast,;employes of occupySjBaatete.... 7 »|IUta KB warn—ma bat.ailed aponiag or pai«Usg, tbey pursue^f^r vay, to the great delight of the iliopkeepen ^ilMB tkay teTor with their ealla.seven knots an hourand he feared finally sail, steeringo'clockMARINE JNJCW-TORK.2Jt Dbab Siadej^iita the eiptries- dor'. We went agaia at UH, and had an interviewthemto endure. Roasting or ahiverlog, dr!p-fi«T. Iilia4,U a IItho eren teaor of— bad been settledinent ^that the question 'adversely,JNTELLIGEUCB.from Boston wasIn the morning the Invitation promtmder steam. At aboutA. M., the man on the look-out saw a schooner ap-payCumn-lseioijera abutheproposedtoaskanau-dience for us. This was obtained about 234. We proachingthat the accounts of;;so as to enable tnemwere Introduced in form, and with an expression ofnotified the man at the wheel, and gave tho usualkept any particular1%e custom alluded to was, to admit the reporters te theon Tuesday, the 19th Inst., and, at the time of theby departingcollision, had passed Cape May,and was within abouti:>Ij'Previout after tbe short ensagemententirely failuieyoub> anyto have">SS'tlcket|iAKTCEpisesiali hsldnta aaaaal eaaadaattgajathatoriginal plan they had oecelyed the public as well___heavy tam cost limiufresh fromdiscussed o> the steamer. She wai, however, making about themselves in other employments while drawingMil Btl ..anIrom the Park Fund toat the ;Is to aveid alike dangerous dlseaaes on vessels arriving at thisshould be reported to them. Soehacontmgency, eor«te,Ter,canld be guarded agaiast thte year in theof the at the comer of Seventy-eighih-stieet and'Tbird-avenue, wnlch waspanicin caseanyyellow terer eases, orthe were not Engineerssaise manner that It baa been in former...TR1DAY, Jnam 32,Commissioners;July. of the Governor's GuardsDook-keeper kept porter-houseto and, finally, that the Park would ultimately coat four times theyaan, andyctothers of theirjustice was done, bat deeUned giving any names, orto oppose the Central Park bill before the Legisla-ture, offeiing him ISOO in money, and promising toA. D. Torrey.Griflb,Cadts,H.D. Braakaa khe resigned, he made a steWment of whicn the fol-of Africa, at Pnnte dl Lehna, where he U engaged inSteamship Fat^seo, Vail, Foitlaad, with i taB. B. Cromwell k Co.will be thethen returned to search for those who were still motive for bis resignation. In answer to the inquiry while in this City, who, with all the members of thsand how she gain and appointed him Superintendent of Labor, he many—ciwip O,aever wlteessed among our militia corps. The discl- lost forsmast bead aad maintopamat.—(Bf Hlaiiaplu> willberigid,thedrillrigorous,themartiallaw I BiTifBiciD.-Bark8alerta%rraaoii,htooe*rAtFl>>other present, that there was no hopes of gentlemenAkia tkarp la*k-*at.Bvakamtdfce. Dreadnought—thip,hsaeeforLimp**!,Job*V,UUthe bill r*'P'^''B the Lectelatureat comer of Broomegethertbeatin fact, the Cummlsslaners would not have $500.amount;Theexplosionwas from accidental causes.WHITB XJOmi FANTBj« AtKTAlTB'and FcUm-ILAI.FACA COAT9, ^Hteia,;M.,Head-quarters,No business of importance was;and that he held the Senate und« his thumb,he had so much influencebest tbe Commlsiioners couldhim to work la their behalf, and askedworkthe Press be to a reaaoaabte obligedand to drop them astern, that they might be ready foruse. There was no time to be lost, however, as shewas :ast sinking. The mainmast was ordered to be Senate. That he, yiith other Commisstoners, went to used for trade on the coast, such as Igunpowder, Staamer Vulcan, HoTTlsen. PhUaddpkia, with^bt. cut away, and the booms and spare spars cut loose Albany, and that while there, at a private patty held muskete, rum, and domestics, besides widen, Ithere toJ.fcN. Brtega.ii The fourth and last race of the Spring meeting, to afford the crew the means of sustaining themselves in the Delavim House, it was arranged, after consol- are quanttties of cabin stores, ; such as preserved wiStthemadmseer.KaendnepbasesceHngaenrds.tPehPl.laPdeslBbhaiea.RACES—P«OPH«T WINS THl KTir-TORK HOTEL HANDICAP, HICHOLAS I. THX rOUBMILE RACE, ADD BOIJRBon TEE THIRD RACE.Steamship Fleridv Crowell, Bavaaaah, wttBiIkalrnatlaa had known tbe art of printing with 11- on the Fashion Course, was ma yesterday. There in the water. The boate were now hauled up, and tetlon with THBaiow Wssd and other promment pol- mceoartns-,mesarldinaensd, optihcekrlesdtotroensgues, &.c.,faonudndricoen, bbeoaanrs,d Steamer AUda, RoMnsaa. PI>IlaWa,vitt ^•lapeifeet method for twice that time. lUus- New-Yorketr indebted for this racy carnival ; but tenger on board, fir-^t put into onu of them. Implicit- of the Commissioners and that Mr. Biaichtoed The Busclt of CoBnonra ir Stbangebs.— liAScOdell.kaM books, thay aaid, were comm'in and cheap; which we are torry to say, has not been patronized to ly obeying the commands of Capt. Guibuz and his should take bis place. To compensate Mr. Hoos for On Wenesday afternoon last Capt. Gale, of tbe bark SkipScnthera. (ofFnepeit.) Baale. Umpool Mgf^ laMatlona, as now practiced, for 300 years, and a were three races. To Mr. Hzntt Couon are we one of the crew who was sick, and the only lady pas. the Senate, Mr. lioos should resign hit office as ona of slavers. Steamer Petrel, Baker, ProrUeaae, withtkay wvuld be happy to exchange with tbe Ethnolog-an extent which will remunerate him for the greatofGcert the boats werethen filledas the sacrifice it was agreed that he should be imme-9, with ooaltndSOgai reterts M «r4er. Bis had •• and S. W. wlnd^nearly the whole aassaga, wllk belaal Soclsty he has incurred. The purses and stakes ef- ; it would be easy to establish corres- outlaywith as many the new Commission, Rosino, inquired of two strangers the way to Jones diately appointed by Superin-Ship ColamUa, Bijaat, Mar wUh Urerpoel M, tad«sthey could safely sustain, and, at the word of com- tendent of Labor on the Park. In accordance with Woods, They volunteered to escort him thither, butwith their learned men. The Japanese au- fered have all been run for, aad promptly paid over mand, ptiUed away from the sinking ship. The next thisAora were paid by booksellers the aame as ours. No at the cenclusion of each race. About 2,500 persens moment she went down, carrying with her all who " and from that time to this," said the witness, " tbe down and robbed him of a watch, which had been derhuid 48 da., with ooal te master. Melatire,agreementkoak eould be printed without a permit from the Gov- were at the coarse, and a larger aiunber of ladies oc- were on her decks. The crew were now seen cluteh- Commiisioners have uniformly voted against fulfill- him the bargain." CGreat laughter.] Mr, Gssxn giventa that tine the stamping and permit were The first race was for the INew-York Hotel Handi] selves by clinging to the topmast head. The boats in which he expresses the utmost tatls- rence. The highwaymen escaped with their booty with brig Cyclone, for Baltimore. Uth inat, >t. ira.jsiidnnrrresignation, havingWm. Moore, (ofby law leqtured to be sts mped on tha book. Previons ous days. wreck, or clambering up the rigging to save them- the Commissioners announcing hit resignation, crew of a wrecked vessel in the Gulf of iU Law- Jane 8, with sngar, Ac, te T. H. HanfJid. aid. ia ea.aet always required. Tobacco had been cap, tSSt—one and a half mile dash—given by the were very deeply loaded, there was a heavy sea run- faction at the manner in which the Parkjrs of that Hotel. The following horses ranthe pum:>-bcUows (iUas- Mr. Moaars* bay coU i^rojr&er. by Imported Monarch roora to pull at the oars. They were Eome ten miles colleaguest,hat the boUdliig of the Park has now so-,It, heavyand Mr. Rvaa't bay colt ZVmorare, by im' the beach would render It Impossible to land swimming order, that he is led to entertain the hopeTbovascould not ported ifonarcA out of Jifaderma, 4 years old, 90 without swamping the boate, and probablyBchr. Ifaria Jane, Smith, BUnbethport, with isal, Mtthey werabardan copper so as to ate It for cutting stone or pouuds, (Jsiur HuBRs.) The betting was S to 1 on losing many lives. In this extremity a vessel was was asked whether those were his sentimente at thethey were able to signauunvisit to this of the "crack tlclpated CitySchr.ber te master.CherrvSalduponChicago—domestic affliction which their C^l. E. Schr. Oregon, Mash, Bot^laad 4 dt., with Bata.Mr. HooG sent In hisfar progresied, and everything is goteg on in such the West "has been for a season, in consequence of a tevaraa had one of his feet so Mr. Coseu-n should be allowed to become one Boon, rag-picker,brought them together,indignant-toBrigBangor,)Taplsy,PsHa. P.X..Mr. Hoai;, finding himself cornered, denied ever hav-ing made any such proposliion. No family should leave the City or be without a sup-At the close of Mr. BLATCsioan's explanation, Mr. ply during the warm weather. It invariably corrects HoGi' cross-exammed him with a good deal of feel- the ill effecte of change of weather, and as a beverageKdwaBD H. wholhasplayed Citytheatres,and operationyouperformedMuria E. who is also completely Gaw, known as an blsmus on ths 20th ult. has provedZi^JLth^*^sIam^eim^a^* admlssiei .a tbigand two 1 KivalOfficersarerequestedttanMffiBDiiirsMsica, toe WM. TAYiOR. delity, and commenced a ttrfet of annoyances which of the operation, some eighteen years since.butevoetuaily resulted in athehi* wllie of Infi- the renoiraed Prussia, byin order to obtain aher husband met irtth a? accident while oftheferries,whichconfinedhimto forseveral weeksd^nU of grace and beauty was abled to leave the institution and call upon hl6w:'oIIandthereOn behalfOosndttee,tour. "The Inb-.-.lew was an angry one, and Gaw left, after liaving thre.it-to theby a small incision ancdonwtlritbluwtuetd the Semiearr ia Obelsea-aiollawed, durteg hisiSoon afterthe Hospitalbe was en- residence, No. 115 Leonard-street, she havinghe?de^ture .^SsSgo^ejournal, your wMlete cam-^F. L A. MOLB, OhtlrmM.lance.iHmmIj Htaand the Captaui offers a reward of $200for its recov- has been managed, his high esteem for his ery.Ion. 75, pined the wreck of a vesiel, with ead if jih- bsom and taffrail out of water.'oparatira proved judgeafter aTheygueste=g^—^ Ma Baijra>1i«xab«qa«riMta'Utae.^l)etlM prettiest one of the'itttt^^i ^MB.CrrY INTELLIGENCE.K*iu, wfca,' wiea Mra, Sasr had retorerad stime-iaattyionafara abarga dlikknife,whichhohadooncealedabouthUperson,—HOW tune, which will disflgure bar setloatly, wtt verywhich her hus-aad makes a eonatar aMOtation against po»eia. itaorMfitaalvarial aanua.that he was Police Commissioners met opposed Metropolitanwat«r,12and Elmlstreete.Albany, tha graph operator, several transfers were nude, and ths do would be to "that he has a wife living in_>UBsaysHuilBsilMr Budertakee IbaotcallingGcHE,atQuarantine. Sofarascanbelearned,theonly reason for these prlTsta aetaloBg of the Board,- inauTCBB amaaao laa an,Inceremony yesterday morning.connected with BtBridget's Church, in Eighth-street,Thirty-sizth-street,interestingandband of music, called in a body to pay their respectenumbering 1,400upwards,Miller, Brewer. Boston.. K. P. Backk •* he couldn't be for such man. M ichels. Naeyitas. B. P. Bock k Ca.discotmt his note "for reasonable amount." Is anyanswer to a question as to what reply ne made tona said In answer to a alMiut the of the boys connected with the school made a speech Fiddeman. Hartford, aiaster ;l auoek-TTstrit, fhquestion" collusion" spoken of in one of the charges, that lie never knew nor heard of any collusion by which anyOendletsa, OInn«k,PT«- of theCommUslonerstvere to make money, and by a present of a silver service, consisting of a pitch- Hssoa. Carver (marleston, .postponedcups,collecting the produce of the country, such as palmIn vV'inter, I8i9, the Central Park Commissioners oil, peanute, gum copal, &c., and that the schooner and Morfolk, with mdse- aad paaseagcrs to H. B. Ons-lowingis the substance:Steamship Moatieello, Osger, Washlngton^Alaaaadrhl veil & Co.jwas engaged in a legitimate ttraffic.iticians, tnat in order to overcome the opposltton ia usually Lqper ft Klrfcaatrick.aUnews-Archbishop Hooaxs,and a preceded bycommander,has suffered. Tbe Cadets were toBea EXPLOSIOH. At about 6J o'clock last evening, * At St,celebrated Scbibdam .AboxaticAt ETAXS'. and FnJuc-rt. above. In reference to the charge of bribery, Mr, Put up in pint and quart bottle^ Sold by all THIN PAJCT8, »^.~TO B3.unsuccessful, and ^Y.'''';^'^^,^^^"'*'^'^^''wiUJadmit one Gentleman "unitary irdIonage, a manaatara in all itetna>characterJnA reared fromNo. e«3 Bromdwsy, -.';Charles, (Br.,) Delke. Buterdain, O Laliaa.Vindsor, D, R. De WolffAlthea, Conoa, wua-iavteiu Sbubmte 3. L. Mitchill fe Son. and passengers -*--"-^ -reached a secluded knocked him and 46« passengers to C. B. Ifarsliall k Co.place,they Barkeeaesee,(of Bmntwidk,Me.,) 8an>President Pigscs as an BrigTUbot. (Br..ofLaadcstJPttt,BaUfaz4 4a..wftli acknowledg- oil to Howlaad & AsplnvaU.—the Zouave Cadete ofomNadcc !• Hariaats.Tbe wreck of the United States steaaier Walker, tnakofmast la oat of water, tsrwbleh rnsttlng imsli w*aMdo wtU tekeep.Kiag-thlp,^.D«di*^e»dITIIzibethBart.aUp "—ssom Ught baatlag W.W,Cava Mar, pres- 100 to :e on Treua, Ili,uTloa's friends hoping to save iLJiec entartaiiod a company ia th* walk, whore she iu.1 fallen peifectry blaided.jf9liee Cfort, befor* Jucgewww.fultonhistory.com 