 VOL. IX—NO. 2739. FROM WASHINGTON,'jma DOUGLAS' urrriR op aoosftancb.FifthIntoatryiwillreportatFortCetambusonthe TBBAMKKICAMTELEGRAPHCOIHFANT. the Company for the first six months were held,wasacursetotheTelegraph. Talkaboutthe"•>>«o»n»kehadoasMaaoe Brii? .Snnirt""* . '«'»«»«<» if • Committee ef tba'Mr. BccaANAR, when jou want to know what MozartHall will do, consult>ntiru(5. I will contract, if need incorporation to joaake by-laws. The charter itself pledge myself Dyhere and complain of the Companywith rivalry. The Company say| that for its own a miraculous escape, and the drcnmstanees attend--aaat week, and SecreUry Fwio and family willwlUitteti-eatment which he receivedtook the evenina train back to vour he?eii!«^fto examine the controversy now ejilsting between the Company ana the Associated Press, and report whdt anangement ousht to be made to adjust the same.Mr. Ctbcb W, Fuls desired to move as an amend-Mr. Hiwitr- Tbat cajculatloii is made bv dividingtbe between all 'be tt charge papers tbat receiveMr. D. D. FixLS asked If the whole amount paid bypaUAKOTHXB BHOCKnie CAU OF BtnCIOS..•Mttre put -in the cutsm, atthoogh Sot. Jobs-VM-wUl itnnp Oeorgla, a* BsKSmnai Md Ken- ~In MM. Mi. DeMus laaTW tot Phtladel- 'beforefM»An•r Ike Carltal—Tha PsHtScal'ArBr natMTB.l>«ekl Dispatoh lo tb* Vcw-Tork T1»M.WttHDiaroB, Friday, Joae 29.—'NU1KAL aATTzaa nroes dovolas' lsttis,'1>i»aiprobablyMr. Fixld—We are not tolUng about the Nova When they heard suddenly that atittaei»tol»iiiai>»ed— ceed Immediately to San Francisco forin thethe different linesAs soon as the hour of 12 had arrived, the meeting amount of dlvidenos actually realised would be over Press feared such wotild lie tbe result, as a young Executive Comadttae, deetonn^ the aateiadaavSa^a earefol examlnatioB of the platform of prln- aiplea adopted at Charleston, aad reaffirmed at Bal- tfaare, with an additional resolution, which Is In per-*et harmony with the others, I find it to be a faithful •hadbnent of the tlme-h<Hiored principles of the s party, aa the same were proclaimed and I by all paitiea in the Presidential contests«1648,1853 and 18K.VpoBlooking Into the proceedings of the Conven- itam also, I find that the nomination was made withaaanlmlty. In the presence and with the euneaeeofsxx-ethantwo-thirdsofthewhole mber of delegates, aad in exact accordance with$249,613 89 He argued, therefore, that the almost inevitable re- sult of the present mtochievous policy of the Execu- tive Committee, by rendering unavoidable the build-for delaying private dispatches, until the news ad- dressed to D. H. Cbais could arrive by the Pony Ex-t^e stotement A controversy had, however, artaea between Mr. Cbaio and tha Exeeuttve CooimtMee, andthiswasalL Thtomeetinghadbeencalled,but he did not know what reason there waa for ItMr. Hawnr said he would ezplaia why Om maettng was caUed. He had waited upon membeia of tlte Press, and foimd they were prepared to cloee a bar-for the buUding of a rival line. He fonad the case an urgent one, and although be was sot desbons of intetferlLg with the Executive Committee be-DpoaThemeetingwascalledtoorder at 12 o'clock,press.Mr. Fixu denied that they had been obUged toIosagesloag-c slabliahedB not to be a candidate' karing all been complied with by the free and volun-.tightly than usual round his figure, the old velvetof the Democratic masses and their failh-neyaad arentnally maintain theHis Honor, the Mayor of New-York," was duly Legislature.called. The first proposition of Mr. Fixld made as an amendment to tbe resolutions, Mr. LiviBsnoBformed of Uiese facto they would be dto- eontenti^andcountenance any idea of a rival line. The Press arenot and have no Interest in keeping up speculators,right.Tka peace of the country aad the perpetuity of the Saloa have been in by to In-announced, and stalked into the centre of the apart-Mr. LtviHSToasupposedthat the charter gave thefl< Federal interference la to bedldnotdesfre to impugn men's motives, but if those figures are spread before the world, all manner ofdence in the would be pasaed.two hostile l parties must be the inevitable result ; the ana Inflaming the passlcHis and ambition of themanagementMr. H. J. Eaivobd repUed toapoa thesabject of Slavery in the Territories had wall nigh "precipitated the country into revolutton," 'tte Northenr interventionists demanding the Wilmottelegraphrectors should not be permitted to mtolrad capitaltoto into a false idea of the profits of the busi-was the news was stolen by several on the adoptedline tbrough Ustenlng to the ticking of tbe wires, or through signals from an ofiice. The cypher prevented thto. As soon as the marketiiews, which Is first re-KiKDALL's, If the undentanding was made that they should l>e adopted together.Tbi Secretuy—No, Sfr. No such underatandlng. wnl be made. *Dr. Gbxxb suggested resolutions to the effect thatIt required all the wisdom, power and influenceResolved, Tbat we have full confidence in the ablli- and Integrity of the Board of Directors to manage e business, and that equal justice will be done toeral as to prices,showed thatthe ratesofferedVnlan. Theessential ofthat living principleatoncetolnuinit$,ashis(Mr.Buchaitak'b)timewasvery much occupied." This matters to a brought:holders. HestatedthatofthethreeDirectorswho ACoaimitteehasbeen theaa to the legislation of 1850 was, and now is appliedTheSecretarysaidhehadbeenmisiuderstood.He FuiDandHdbt—Mr.Hiwirr,Mr.PxrxBCoofbb'sson-part paidtheBoardofDfrectorsascaleofcharge*ortdtofor the transaistion of messsges over the lines of thto Cooi-itervenlian ig urith Congrtu Slaveryfocus, bis honor, yourthat no Mayor, suggesting "for a single dispatch after 10 o'clock at night on sev-eral occasions, wben otherwtoe the line would havein the Tcrri- The &lr application of this 'just and equlta-had not stated there was any express law of New- Jersey giving such express power to the Board ofin-law, bad purchased a small amoimt of stock. Pxtib Coopib having sold out all hto stock Fiiu> had told all his stock, and since purchased thirty-one shares.Mr. HxTiiT stated that Mr. Pitie Coopia had notMBcraaMsB of the Convention, I have the honor toNew-Jersey,.Col..aasier-General to-day, aadvrlll enter uponpur- selvei. (Applause.!Mr. Hali, on the part ofthe Boston Press, said thatFatalRailroadin which you have made known to me l>e,tbe Executive Committee had been presenttheS. A. DOUGLAS. a^Wa. H. Lnnuiw, of New-York, R. P. Dicx, of iMtta CaioUna, P. C. Wicxurrx, of Louisiana,aalothenef Conmittae.TBI >KW QCAXmiCJiSTIB-OXNSKAL.And those ? inquired the Eood and great J. B.,with teveral convolaive t»itches of the head and sliall t>e a Board of but gives them no knew the reason. He would state it If it was desired themielves, for capitalists stand prepared to-Very respectAiUy,Tour friend and fallow-citizen,Directors^ to build feet poVver to make by laws. The genertd law is that the that he ahould do so. He had become disgusted with dayas the As- evening:>fe]s duties to-mor,nw.With hisDo my terms stiil ?'' insinuated Wood, with some- were now legally in force, and the first business now Mr. Smith had onlv alluded to this to show although it had been stated that the controversy re- was run over and Instantiy klUed, yesterday, liy theJoBJisoa received his commission asstock at three months'credit to Mr. Ritsszll, andit is be- iniiieanexcellentadministrative ««cer. The friends ol CoL Tbomas, who was enti-what of a smirk—that kind of smile whlctimattergreen- for their own'safety was to provide for tills omission. that tbe Directors woo oppose tbe action of the Ex-Uaved that he WWexperience,solved Itself Into a mere question of the rite of prices at9 o'clock, A. M.. train from Jersey City, East4led bythe rule ofeaceedingiy indignant at whatTbe"-Presldant had decided to send tocuffs, ''Alderman Wood, I cannot—afford—tobathSchoolofJerseyCitysion on Thursday.moBt N. J., where they were received by number of sccorls of taat place, returning last evening ireU.M>«-0»»t«]permiasion 9lHBaBcfaw Nationsl Bemoerstic Committee exteasloa.theconvinced, between the Exeeuttve Committee theagentoftheAssoctoledPress.Mr. FiBin's exhibit of expenses and recetpte of ttte i »jkl'American Tetograidl Company, was as foUowa:~ .MMiiii Press was the raising of the rates from one- Rccelpto from Nov. 1, 18M, to Feb. 1, 1860.t2SI,«W « *Wji11ath to oae-fifleeath of a mlU by the Directors.tava («• Tlflwoiuly lo mck prcparlns farthecun-Company B,SixthInfantry, fifty-lve mea,'— was tmcUtmtbe f^ **-'Tu raaovd, thatiodge Boos- «Jl«ltt'eaanuitlM'8outkern8t*le(. lie wlU take battalloD underjpiliB. ftiaaottrue,farCarson Capt. SnwAU,fi¥alffc ft lli—la^4UmMa ratan. It to reported that Baaomaaa San Fraaeisco.TotalNet profite for first three mqnths Net profits for second three months.Profite for year Less interest on bondPresent net profit4».lM« »,4fi'n 7flOWW12*,4M|I ia3,4«» »a24«,8*l K23i,7gl*l6 dMknatodttas absurd and extravagant. IfDlreo- ptofito of telegraphlnc U somewhat eniaDeoa& TbewBCatUbmla_ilttee had tieen submitted to tba Directors.ti>-BoiTo#,and TtiitirNew-Tork....lesliadtetay lahrays eobadltedupon the DIrcclna to apaalis*' maaage tbto matter, and so dsdted telaiBiJi. Tkti Mends of DooaiAa and Joaaaoa eziaesa their en- tn eoaidanee In eanrlBC areir Boutheni State but tiHiH Carolina. Noooe here ieems to think Buck-Tliit-with Senatorthat it bad notSana continued to rertow tke demands of theconceded,some of the remarkspromotion to U>e appointment, are they denounce as ago?"" Alderman Wood,"and be purchaseBcRS, a committee to take ad- amotmt back. He asked for information from some legalvice whether the by-laws are legally In Director as to what waa the quarrel between tbebetween Ito several members who received copies await an inquest ^poaitlvo injustice in the appolntmem ofPress and the Telegraphfrom one end of a line and received at the other end, Press was charged twice at much as any private message. 'The private business messages have addresies, sig- natuiesand other privUeged words not charced at the Prtss message has none of these. The pri- vate messsges are sent out at an of fie Ck>m-Depvtment is anticipating Uie early re->-.JSfTk"; i J.^f h.TJ5V,'tara of Cen. HixaAa as Uintster from New-Grenada.laaiedl «o hisataly ar<1val the ratifications of thetoeaty with that ReoubUc wlU be exchanged, andtailsfactoiy be efieuted. compromtoe mightCommlssloaers will bejwaaliig out of the Panama riots.intended to do and Un,e. then tbe Press stiojld be placed upon terms as favorable as the tnutt favored on the Une.the Utebea. where bedown, leaned hto head over tba paU, aad diev tbethe nominationred to Lord MABsniu) and the Law, Press, and It was not made pubUcMlaiy-actlaarepraaentatlTes, witfaoot any agency, interfer-aaee or lerocarement on my part, I feel bound In and the knot of his wUte cravat twisted round sev.gress or Legislature of the Company. Mr. D. DiniLBT Fiiu> asked if there wasMr. HiwiTF ssid they cared notfaing for lataa.were willing to pay one hundred per cant st Oreelegislationresumed Wood, " unless you assist me with some of laws, were not he said, given to the Secretary. Theyour patronase in the City, I could not run a Breckin- resolution adopted at the meeting in question was was siened by Mr. Aldls, who was a stock- down the Assoeiated Press;openedto aUow thepassageappointed to adjust the claimstheyaojoinlngdeUoeialatp kneltDIEXBTIOM or TKl CAPITAt.qutteapead ihe Summer at Old Point Comfcrt.his detorminaaon to be revengedrepresentedpt "reraeo tbe rights of oiic [appUuse.}CSobbad SBAssaua, la tba eapfoy ofWashing- larfre number •f oar cjtsrens will visit New-York oo Wednesdayaezttoini^cttheGrtmt£asttrn. ABHT aOTUICKTS.4.toBl«. Pirarron, Seventh afantry, and Hju,by supportinfDoooLAS.sought the interview with Dxajj Ricbhosd, whic:i hastoninaAwdayswillbedeserted. AIt was no doubt under thisfeeUngthat1Jthe Associated Press for a public caid.was less than theM terdayLiviscBTOx bad been under the committedagencyofand not even the persistent mistake by which Mr. BocBAaAir was led to address him as " Alderman Wood," sufficed to abate his pretensions. The old publicfunctionary wheeled round from hisCol. Jibhsoh. ihi; ^senate theforce, and If that the said thorized to frameare to be submitted to aCompany. RAniosDandotliersofthepolicythe by-laws of the Company. had Mr. Hiwirr's circular—Messrs. fall. Very glib talk had been made about some Wkertat, appointed by signed Hawrrr, fractional of a cent. Heliad hiraself $500 Board of Directors to equalize aad adjutt, and resen todoubt Mr. Bucbasab would desire to see a Bbick- klaiviaelple restored harmony and fratemlty to a rnisoz organization in the City of New-York." To;Mi. Mr.psny,therefore,distracted aonntry. If we sow depart from that wise aad just policy which produced these happy results1 Into revolutionShan we look for another Cut, another Wib- the total absence of any present patronage."r aaather Cass, to pilot the ship of State over the I into a haven of peace and safety.TkaFederalUnionmostbepreserved. TheCon-aadpermit,tlieooontrytobeagaindistracted If \terest so to do. you can make and such an supportthen there was nohto ana to son,Mr. each of HxwrrT, $25,000monopoly Company;pre- a sectional contest be- I pro-Slavery and antl-Slavary tnterventionists,organization." To this Fibsakdo responded that he both could and would. •' My chief dlfficuitv," headded,meetinghimself, stock, which they had s<ddthat is of itself abybut they never held $35,000 worth of his stock, and he thought that was aon tbebasisof the scale of Company'scharges.of Col. Tbokas until a fewaoBinaUon, when he yielded to the wishes of Secre-tary fUTD, and nominated Col. Jobbson. Coi. Collector Scbill—is master of his own—patronage.Tataaa, I understand, will contest the legaUty of the aiyHatmeat.Kr.IBaBToait wasto saythat he hadforeignwould terminate. Tbe Associated Press had then playta byCaas. Thethe sUght of tills treatmenttary next to see Bat.-uHEn>o», and lastiy to league in the Board. The views of himtelf and those explain to the their which rc- ssiisficd if a contract with the Press should be made UAH HiirxiBS, residing near Glsti Core, coaHtoHtadTuecoTT,already rendered himselfthe Company;of itamisrepresentations,ofACTD>0 eXCBXTABT OF 8TATI.notice to tbearrangement for news from Nova Scotia and pay rales, they complain the spiritwho hasproper_,",•*'•,^o^D wishes to leave," said the President not been aware yesterday that many of those stated that they regarded this as the beginning of a Ito expressed determlnatiim fo break up the Associa- handied lea-hook.momentafuture la relation to the tone temper of the remarks of the Secretary, he said that they were not such as became a servant of theMr. Shitb desired Dfrector.before theturn-the last—days of my—administration into—a ofby-laws the stodcholders.onlyto obtain an answer from aiatj at CompaniesBragg.personal character from the euutiutitCooimmee tomiaea lut aa; chasoe (or an election by the people, tions >n the treaties between the United States and batable,pointalsopaid expentaa, tatt $230,210. So the net profit is now more than Ifi aer Iktir demands would be to devote tbe lines from 9 or tbenusinets coalanot be madeprafitatMeatau«B.war to the Juiife.' WisBiaeTOK, Thursday, Jane 37, I8M.Consuls have foil judicial powers, and can punish ac-cording to the magnitude of the offence. "The Presi- othersha ia the South, where It will beFoUowlsg is Judge Docslas' latter of acceptance :ceipto would be equally divided between the Aassrl- for Mr. Livisostob to withdraw his mo- can Company and tiie opposition line, if built for— :Isillparty,Inowsendyoumyformalac-tion foradjournmentrefused, saying nothing$970,790 10, one half of this sum would be tb* re- Mr. Fnt»-WbBt aat betama wboB ? eaabaet,Tke CoMiMtaa had wtIn accordance with the verbal as- cewhloh I gare yon when yoa placed In my di the authentic eridence of my nominatirai (or '4ta fMiideney by the National Convention of the^ - ^\tbefr action laGoTTUiiKNceipts of the American Company, after the rival Use y^i. Sana did lot know. Mr. Caaio or the Associ- their Work, and'FortMr. LrmsnoB immediately moved that the meet- Receipto from Feb. 1,1880, toMayl,18«0. 233.7W W ' ,Mk.Fm»-The Executive Caminlttae, not Uie Dl- friendly understanding. Exclude these feeJaatdTa "^'-*-. feja-ibe IJeto-lntk ®me^.NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 1860. PRICE TWO CENTS—WITH A SUPPLEMENT.leth-icoxliiia for duty, with recniite to be sent firom that post to Fort Laaveaworth, en ntOt to New- Moxloo.Orders bom Head-qnartera yesterday direct two companies t'om the Departatent of Oregon -to pro-'Deparlmeal of California.E ard Sixth G,'.BsUmi, in justice to tke Executive Coaimlt-tkatthe aettoaM tbe Committeeto the Otoaden.Irkfantry,from Fotts Yuma and Ketehums, and will psooeed tocancitizens In those countries; alio,thecommonforeigntheBostonPrtateoatiut.eiay -Be1admitted,Secession Conventwin, such as was held at Rich- mood. The wily speaker could not fail to observe that this speech seemed to fall with little effect on theperexpenses_special meeting;profitDiqwich to the Associated Prssa. WASBniaioa, Friday, June 29.Among the acts passed by the late sesaion of CDDgress was one to carry Into effect certain stipula-'..'.repliedAtsociation, aad report sotae plan of coat- pTcmlre.and Ministers and jaw, including eqtilty admiralty.dutyday.consolidationhyto show that the done to warrant tkesupposition,and tlie Boston tract with theCompanrwhile thepamehlet atSTke Oaatrarany ketweea tke Caaipaay aad tke Preaa—Aa lateivatJai Diaeaaataa.A special meeting of the stockholders of the the full capital of the He Company.Mr. Datd DtnuT FtiLD opposed an| adjournment, aad desired to oresent the reasons for the calling ofQ. theno refleetioB at aU"^i>tbe was called to order l>y the Secretary, who made the point of order that the mo-tion was not debatable.The President sustained the point Mr. Fibld ap-TotalSame estimate for next six months.Kbbsau., Lrvnasma, aad Sr. Gbbbb, should be a Cemndttee to ooasuUwHbaditarapealed. The Secretarywas nut de-said theand the President sustained thisas well as half a dozen others, at the suggestion ofcent.on tbe capital. The total receipts, for six dkoa&s^MB the mortilnr until2 or 3 in the afternoon foras m the case of thepany, run without oppoaillan and wUheamU aa^' 'or rebellion against the Government of either ol said result lh>m a full discussion. At last however, upon that event at $485,395 09. So that we have tbe fol-.thesuls or commercial agents on Islands not Inhabited by any civilized people, or whom we have not recog- nized by treaty, are also empowered to exercise judi- cial functions over American dtizens.The Senate ratif^ied the extradition treaty withSweden, and not with Switzerland, as was errone-ously stated. InlercatlailatervlewbetweeaWoodaadthe('ssttockholders,ifnotunanlmoualyindorsed. HefoundrepretentaUoncountries with Intent to subvert the same, are made to consentFuld detfred to Nova ScoUa which the Boston be had notdisastrous result capitaloffences,punishablewithdeatli. OurCon- journtillFriday,at12o'clock,attheAstorHouse, ExpensesoofflilnienefofroryearScotia Una.WASBI50T0B, Wednesday, June 27, 1S60.call and the notice of the meeting, and stated thaton tbe resolutions before the House, It would t>e time enough to decide the point alluded to by Mr, Kibdau. He alluded to the argument that had arisen on thegea. was published, because he conskleied there were Mr.SniTBdidnotdesiretocommithimselftothese someobjectionablethingsintt,andhatboogktthey side converiations. He only knew that for ten meant more than tome of the gentleman wbo baa years past tbe foreign news arriving at Hall- tlgned It had supposed. He reviewed the facto re- fax bad been monopolized by the Associated lating to the transmission of the Halifax neita, aadWe bad a sensation here lastment with intense rigidity of step and shixtcollar. He power to the Direoton.Mr.FiBiDdeniedthatitfelt, or seemed to feel, that he was master of the gavasuchany this odloui feature of the monopoly news. Thto tras Association, and had by thto means really laade asituation The SicBxtABT—Yes it does.;stockholders, he agreeda to ad- lowing motion:yearappealOn $1,S3S,000 capital, 15 jier cent anauha la. taW3n the intoiest of the Press were in the Board, Msatettc had nerar per Telegraphthe Secretary—aBlikofXracou. The Admlnistratlan prefsrs Lor Morocco and. Muscat, and by which our laws in on adjournment. The Secretary called the first name ssme gives a total of receipts, for the year, of trfieh he designated as a power second caiytothai agement It had been stated by Mr. Fm* tkat ftatkaagh ha may defeat Booeua aad secure the trt-China, Japan, Siam, Turkey, Persia, Tripoli, Tunis,^ruling always in favor of a direct voteis $485,395 05. Estimating the next six months aa the.The AssedatadaaiBtoDoeoLis,andhenceBreckiniidgeticketswll karanlaalltheFreeState*. Thefiercestfightwll"a ofthestockUstandpiodttced Urgeparcelofprox-iesinhispossessiontovoteInfavorofadjournment A rambling debate on points of order was permitted. Mr. KisDALL, Mr. Cobcobab, (of Washington,) andrequestedasshown,about$235,781 16—leavestheex- tkeAssociationthaezelusivduseoftlie piofits— ga4ifortheyearatthesumof 94. M penses $735,008Now, it is fair to conclude that the whoto re- nam ^ttUtTte dc^atirtSatkm wit wkole^ ttU fUa^1criminal and civil matters are extended over Ameri-Press,$970,790 10. Deducting from this the year's net •f flte Creator, waa alarmed lest the oontnot wliieh Executive Committee bad refated htm aof tome, of the more moderatecontrovei^had arisen, and Mr. make a propodttoatowlilch motion prevailed.tistkbdat's procskdimos.Receipto Loasforyear$735,0089045 AmMer.icSaunrCao-mWpeaUn,ythoeaies,havehadUtone, damages fBrLoymctohnefrovertyParteasUs,and kafortratbtsonbweaar 485.395 pay declined, one,inNo. 41, at the Astor House.Mr. LtvntSBTOii said that he liad no doubt the reso-pty ing of an opposition line, would be to wipe out the net "rhe Secretary steted that tbe private dtopatchealoss in one of 89. year $249,613parloraay damagea.iBtions he was about to offer, and the remarks he had make, would be acceptable to a m^orlty of thehad been detoyed for the Ataociated Pren dispatches, Company,gainit was generally conceded that the discussion in question of the bylaws. The two leamad duced by the arrival of Fibkasso Woes, who came public, of the matters pertaining to the controversy tlemen, Mr. FiiU) sod the Secretary, bad refer-on to see what speculations of a profitable Und couldbut he thought tbe question would be settled by permirsion. He did not say thatnewspa- wantof confidence in the ex- Committee alreadyuiTuesday, pro-gen-of the inflexible party—myaoracoeptaader aay eonttngency, except as the regular nom-iaowe of the Natiooal Oemooratlc Party, and in thatcaae only upon the eondtUon that the usages as well mornliw, aoout 9,S o'clock, he called on Mr. Bo. sion was desired by manv, offered a resolution wliicb general law of New-Jersey gave tbe power to make but tt was well known that persons had made for- a new Committee to adjust aU these mattaiB.Mr. LivDisnoH eontinuadstitution under which the Dlraeton aot They do not need iastruetlans bom the stoekhoMeia before be:power.ever held at which ibe Press and the Telegraph could come together aad taUi cordlaUy over wis matter, and he believed that they would har- monize of their otm wiU. He hoped a vote of confi-to the Herald of and to tbe TiaBi and- $5,428,anystatuteConstitutloo, among which was to give thecomplained oL "The poUcy now is todoaway with hundred percent a increase, bnt they wanted egatiaetlaw of New- JerseyUPatakingthisstepIamnotomnlndltaloftherespon- J,B.hadamoreactivefit ofshakingandjerkingthan making the by-laws instead of the corporation at Theadoptionofthisresolutionwasitselfaproofthat edwithtaosrtiavnadl UitneTfhoer thto they had backboanre tChoamnmitthotseeextendedtothteom.breTabkedpoawmnpUthaetAoafaotebie-aCiflltleaItimposes,butwithfirmrelianceuponiscommonatthathourofthemorning,andhisright large.ALegislaturedoesnotmaketheConstitu- thestockholdetaregardedthepoweratpresentenough tothrowtheirprelisneenstmantaogementcom- waathreateniansgathreattoextendbetter^aeUi-booor aad duty to accept the nomination. exal half-Inches beyond the left ear. The head of Dr.givingthe Directors thepowerofthtomonopoly,and if the it to be threaten- thatotheia should not be afforded better facltttiei (CompanyUrine Prorldeaca I have the faith that the people asm eoaipnhead the true nature of de issaee ia-eaired ,put jeopardy attempti MrfaewUi, aad fo pontrol the domestic affairs ofIke paopis in the Territories throogh ttie4e Federal- Government Ii the power and the dutyforefinger was engaged hi active service every time the venerable man opened his lips."tion-It Is the servant of the people, who make the luder the laws of Mew-Jersey, and the Charter anxfous only open every ation, regarded of the Company. He held) therefore, that the petitor, and half a dozen associated presses, if neces- ttes to others.awtloaaIforth, aad Ike other of the South, and each stmg- bing his dry bands together as hard as though he any act in coatravaatiaB of the charter and the law, to go forth without an antidote. He believed he that In so long a speech he should have contradicted Mr. Kbbdau. resumed hto remarks and cssKludeddesk, waved ''Alderman Wood" to a seatUag to use the Federal power and. authority for thought himtelf Robinson Crusoe, and Ids handstkoaa foadamental ofprinciples seU-govemment,sshieh were firmly established in this country by theAaaerlean revolutton, a? the basis of our entire Re-the negotiations opened. -"Alderman Wood" commenced by deploring theprofitperSo far as of a raaolntion declar- the remarks Mr. Bons, Rochester, re^KAR that had his (Wood's)tnry when the advocates of Federal Intervention the Seceders and never returned except to a pure|beenfaggotstuatingand uncertain, and theexpensesassuringits stociiholdersand wtilch can at less than 85 joreigndelegationcenton;capitalaad, rub- .ng empowered to act uadar the charter. If they do will be certoinThereoppoaitton of those remarka, but it waa not to be wondered at They did not wish to return any money.the law will aet Ulam Ha argued tiiat tiie in- rigbthad beenin the telegraph business longstructions of a meeting of stockholders ought not totke eqnal rights of the other, and in derogation of with these movements duly performed on both sides, influence the Board of Directors. If he was a Di- tmtbought of. The Railrtiad Companies realize 40 per telerrapb line pay, and before he got through had sistent with the honor and the Interestoof tbe Com-aggraadlMBent of its own sectlbn at the expense oftwowhich he wished to kindle by friction—with a doleful account of the difficulty of making a rangement Ukely to lead to an amicable result eoa- and 60 cent Is at least the ex- given a glowing accoimt of the profits of a line under paiiy.rector in ahe ahould not be Influencedcent actualin pense of runnlog a railroad. But it Is a well man- even the loosest managementCompany such action, butpobUcansystem.Bnrlag the memorable period of our political his* they would have retired, almost unanimously, with it inexpedient to pass any resolution seeking to con- genUemen tolk about tbe enormous profite of this mo- tAosswohcicahtitohne goenntleman aitjouded waa adaonpyteIdmpbryoptebrt fiMdren.ceDi.n mDe.m.Field was to withdraw ItisFwiTlau for the prohibition of Slavery, and the South- ears it was Intended to tickle—the truth being that holders, be believed, had confidence in them. He sll the past acts of the Company. He did not believethe Associated Preti Is at liberty toup the news on a bulletin for the express purpose ofasa Interventionists, then few In number, and with- Edwih Cbossw;ll had cpent four iiours on Monday aot a single representative in either House of Con- evening with the President, and had given proof tohim—or at least statements, which Buceasab accept- ed as proof—to the effect, that Wood could exerciseand that if he had any Influence to exercise it would beown purposes,day to devise and carry out a line of policy which Wood said, rubbed his hands together, and finally of the " discussion, would inquire:as soon as (he present Committeeonrates ahall re-Xiaia, iniisting upon Congressional legislation for thefroteetioa of Slavery in jpposltlon to the wishes ofIka people in eitber case, it will be remembered that no important Influence in a Presidential fightTelegraph Company deem it inexpedient to take any action relative to the business for wiiich this meetingpresuming,One position It took was that we nad got into a con- troversy with the Press, and so we will set aside the Directors and trust the matier into the hands of out- side stockholders. It was a cunningly contrived political trick once on tbe part of certom politiciansShitb, and he was surprised he had concealed it. The present and pan urangements of the AssociatedExecutive Committee, shall be formed to enter Into acontract with the Associated Press for the transmis-sion and of thefr bualneis. He tlwoght managementtlie Press were rfady to do all tbat wat lair aad Uo-this the old public funcUonaiy assented, adding New" Jersey,and of all other as well States,withhismostmuscularsmile, consistinginby-law. general New-Jersey limiting the power of Directors in mak-goodinterestMr. FiiLD said that he had not alluded to" Have you not the City Government?" asked j; B., sharply. **A1J the Departments are against me," re- edin didthat Directors ofJersey City.Xabbow Escafi fbom a Tbkbible Railboadof fire or six cars toadedmy command.ticket, givuig It ten thousand more votes than I had myself last Fall."slaughterhouse.Mr. Hiwrrr said the Executive Committee are tm-wllltng to give full Information to the Directors. This pany-the Pieti message copied and deUverad at sausr.edI shall run a Breckinridge and Lanequestion that the incorporated iMdy mutt make theby-laws for its government, unless it delegates its chased to the amount ofpower to a special Board. He held that no by-laws Mr. HrBT said he had sola out no"Hum," said Mr. Bi;caABA>.'$19,900for cash. stockanemployeofthe New-Jersey Railroad Company,"at ail.General Dix—can not be removed. meeting andall;You have answer, Alderman"—and with these yourexpenseis » ith thewords the Old Public Functionary wheeled round, ami caught the bell-rope which dangles over his head. A vigorous pull on this was answered by Jahis, who tnrust hisCompany, and only proved the impropriety of al lowing a director to be elected as Secretary.Mr. Hbwitt said tbat in justice to Mr. Ltv-thought at least in baa taste. The quarrel arose Boston Ptett. The Executive Committee then gaveVsEXLABD were and held arrested, yesterday,very Irish and very faithful face into the office door.luU but of dis-;quickly, and, of Course, Mr. Wood, if it be yOur in- as of England. If there were notold out any stock. He had given to Mr. E.""trol the action of the Board of Directors. They are influential stockholders, holding a quarter, if notmore, of the stock of the Company. They were ele :;t ed as men of honor, and the majority of the stock-nopoly as it is cal led, they should remember thto fact , purpose prevent willingThe report of these stocktiolders and di- 'speculaiiveuse ofthe news. Before this regulation amendment and to vote for this resolution and Mr.offered the following resolutionsthe stockholders were prepared for this.ceived, airivet,puthas been called of Directors.the Boardto the specula- preventing by-laws,proofpossess powerincorporat-— wishes— sey specially giving power to the Directors of the my feelings my mye .\ssoctoUon inteiesto it wiU buUd up rivals to thsee JirrsRsos Davis.very coldly received, EdvtI, CEo,"wxuTM^r toldBExcsiKUDos.hat "If Wood dar'ld ,"op^Soco- and FiiU), were set forth in a pamphlet, which he time, but wouM not t'ate aU LAS In New-York he would leave hi.i,Jiv'^i.«,,».follower m the world." a^dport of Uie position which convincidBaicxnrarDSE that hebeen to widely bruitedf>om ilie letier of theBy ihT twoYoriMr ha was who concurred with him on the read.Board,The Secretary said ibev would explain in priper (.tandirgibat. If the rates ahould be reduced mean-but when thewere going to put A«nt (Wood) on the Electoral tickethere that theas one of the Electors atbutreply, arguedbeard the snirkering la!^alr. C. W. FaLD reviewed the financial conditiHe had been asked to move a Committee of theagoniesDooglatone tbiadlscus>ionbad glad;men In controlnews reaCicd ofNewYorkiaiaire whether it is not expedient that the pres*^<it tariff of charges msdexo the Press or the public shall not be in-Mr. Smitb did not material. ThePressthat it was im-paid etch of them aboutihe to yield Ito He wasexpected Cumpanv up rights. muzzle to hto mouth, and pulled the trigger with bislarge, you haste, very otediently,haveilockhold^ra,theyconsolidate and take theAssodatrd Prets be made to aU. might advanugeousof aiked for thedeath. Stbacsslsb bad aeteral tiaea gun, which was leTosed hiia. Be waa:itlegitimately belongs to.Press were purposely adoptedtions of men who preyed upon the public, and to whose benefit alone the destruction of tne present ar- rangements could tend. He denied that asy objec-of a Clat and a Wissria andof the Whig and Bemocratic Fartlei of that But the President bowed to all Mr. Alderman Mr. D. D. Fiiu>, preliminary to entering into any the Directors who proposed to them- troversy, it would, indeed, lie nothing, as Some objection having lieen made to the exelnsiOBused aapiiartad by the Couervative and patriotic men Washington.-a Cass,for hiswhollyirrespectiveofproposewould be nudeHe. Stion to rising the pricesceived forat ia argued lengththe the and the stoclibolders. pubhc, Press,heard of publicly after. So would it t>e withSecretary whatwoold restore pease to the country and stability to the asked Mr. W, to drop preliminaries and proceed of the State of New-Jersey gives the power of making trusted with in the hands of outside stock- ed to make it appear a very vast and important af- tbe following shape-Directors.He had held it was thecommonlawofbeen shut besides a dollar an hour to oper-up, was npoatyimnagterial. He aUuded Kuofved, That when tbe said Committee shall haveators. Buttids only and suchaoaleoftoUa,andtbe so adjusted reportedto it becatud of the lemarlts that had been Board of Directors thaU have approved and adopted the made. Much had been said against tbe de- tame, the Preaideat be requested to appeintaCemmit-by-laws, of stockholders' for the meeting was called here in New-York under ** thefirst Hereadfromthe statuteofCoopxb,of the Associated Presstee of three stcokbolders to conelade on the part«( Company a perinanent contract withbe, to give BascxinEiBoi and Lajik a majority of ten gives power to tiie stockholders to meet out of the all agreed to draw out altogether and sell all.providesYork, provided you grant my conditions."" " mayresideoutoftheState. Italso statesthatthere,With sincere thanks for the kind and agreeable thousand—aye, fifteen ttaoueand in the City of New- State of andtheytheynot,Mr. Fixld said Mr.were present, and would make a statementTory popular as Assistant Secretary, has been ap- pretenoing to bend down over some manuscripts on present had not seen the pamphlet iasned by war between the Company and the .issoclation, aad ted Press. Tbe Boston Press had bee.i unwiiltng to*"•••* Acting Secretary doriag the absence of Gen.1?H*- ??."" him out r"*Mr. CxAiQ, or he would not have an pressedstated that if tbey did not obtain a permanent con- tract, they would build an opposition line. It waa on this account this uitetng was called.make any overtures to tlia Company, but the moreHadaaa Rlrar Ilsaas SIKOtrtAK 8UI01US."'"'f='tadjounr- ment He desired to say that he disapproved of the tone rf that pamphlet and of its attack upon his col-mnderaie tkem tbat afairand amongst had hopedso 'i?«'''-<nd any formal leave-takine, £^,1 C?oib^bf, nJ^r.*"^ ^ "»« Wo""*- finrt to see SecretMr. Htwm moved as a further amendment of thehow they Intended to do It.Mr. SuiTB said as far as he could understand, tb?Mr. Halx thought it would have beenment the followingResolved, Tbst tbe said Com&ittee shallimpression yes- ty,:crfssrd unless with the consent of a majority or tb? mill per word.taken ^ace, for he believed toe. The report was heard by Mr. Rots, who ran to now anme tettliment and arrangement with tbe the spot He found the unfortunate aaa ta tbt last^S^^s^www.fultonhistory.comoUtntnnitled Documentl23,4D0 58, when there were many rents and aid of the Press.!!?«i?« loll*?** *f "1'°•It was a curse toto be any Telegraph paid that would not tall into the next Company, and when they owned a line they would beexpensessix months. But estimating the profits at the same a curse to themaelTea, United, the two powers—the ari aagjatnt mlsht be^e.sum, it would leave a net profit after the deduction Press and the Telegraph—are a btossing to the oonn-mmof $11,020, of 1239,781 16 for this year. This would tiy tokentheoommltttebe moie than IS per cent per aannm on a eune to th* Tetograph. Tbe Boston Press is appointed, for he did not uunk Uio Press hadmand to Biake. Prices aay de- were qutte Imaistoilal to Amerleaa Telegr^>h Company convened on Thurs- ulated the amount of capital put into the paring a guillotine for them. Nothing had yet been them, and they would certalnij not make anv at-30 per cent This proved that there was no necessity sailor was hung on the yard-arm of a ship beeaose it the Committee to interfere wlih the baslnewofthe Lieut. Whulxs, of the First Dragoons, has been waa called to order by the PresideBt (Mr. BAaanm.) to raise the rates. They were doing well enough. was said he looked as U he was going to join the AssodaUon, tqr establishlaf riral aaK>ciatiaM,h s^k-to the Regiment of Mounted Riflemen.the Secretary (Mr. Rnsazu.) ofEclatlng as recoitling offleer.It waa useless to disguise the fact that If a rival line muttoeers. It waa proposed to haag the present Dl-tioned. For himselK with raapaet to tha letter of tliehetrdnsfsrredCapt WooDanrr. Infantry, Oregon,was btilit, with all the influence and power of the lactors for their looka. The Boston Press haswub tba be verr unwUling for one to accept a seat In the Board of Di-Ninth now inhas been granted sixty days' leave of abaence, withPress, it would at least divide the receipU of tha Hm«paidPieis,di'daimedTaBy deilre to istatfarato apply at Head-quarters lor four monthsnot He was answered duly organized.such a««at ——i1 Ireetaiaeraapiam"'Hay it,Asslatant Surgeon (tcnua to ordered to report forFranciscotheare relieved ing forthwith adjourn.;*>inBg to'he'araoy ... Wde. But tbe only'cause for the fever of tbeTOley, Thirdjoiaj-fto Artillery.AEnglish stock made the point that the meeting waa of $248,613 89 Instead of the profit he had stated. ftaaalfcpartofaalUparwoid. TMa was aikoald -~gentiemaa representinga large amount of thewith'the American Company, leaving the latter a lea*lbs SiseuUva Conmittae had raised this to two-the state- Beleft San and Secretary of theEoard. of Directors alwuld aot and fair Committee. It could not be settled, heandment that the by-laws provided that the President placing the controversy In tbe hands of an Intelilaaitfnose lee iii|g^<id for the diarupdoa of fbai:^--^-.- -T. ft"* kave paid rtosible tSs" {' aarp, rtftjka JtofcMl. Jt.al>yatstockholdsra*meetings. Thiswasdenied,andthe by-laws challeaged to prove' it It waa also denied that the stoekbddera bad ever assented to the by- laws.deploredresulturgedpropriety of 'IIS ,ji^ Hi^agtfor six months.Fbls asked If the of tbe Executive move that Messrs, pamphlettelegraphness. The resolution of Mr. Fixld would invalidaterecapit-alarmed because thatthe Telegraph Company to pre-the Press. The total rei^pto found to be Aasoelated Praas akaaldkebeing dosti«y<dent is authorized to appoint seven Marshals to exe-cute processes, one in Japan, four in China, one inSiam and one in Turkey. Murder and insurrection pany than the exhibiiion of their affairs, wliieh would was built, so that tbe receipto may be estimated, in ated Press, and the Nova ScoUa line. respeoto could have been reviewed aad ebaaced.but becould be more prejudicial to the Interests of the tym-profit of $235,781 16, or more than 15 per cent, on thestock, and to entail upon the stockhoiaers.the ruinous and that the when threatened with suitSft-. KiBDAii. hoped some means would be token toPresMeat—TermsforKnaalagaBreek> discussionwasdesiredbyalargenumberofinfluential ascertainwhatstockwasrepresentedhere. Here- TheSecretorysaid'behadadviseditasthelegal foretheirreportwasmade,hehadcalledthelaeetinK.laridge Ticket Dlaeaaaed—gukaeqnentstockholders. Wh^n he made the motion to adjourn garded thosetmtil this was adviser of the Boaid. Mr. KsiTDAiL said so far aa anytliing penonal waaand what It mesas.SpecialOorrespondenceoftheNew-YorkTimes. whichthe present controversygrew. Bereadthe'DoaclaalsBison interested tiad read tlie various pamphlets, out ofyesterday, he had done so in the belief that every per-ascertained.—Mr. Fibld So the Executive Committee, by the concerned, he was satified with tbe enuaatlosi. Hebetween the company and the press, would be injuri-be made in the Presidential market Early in the ous to the stockholders. He now, finding that discus- tbe law of New-Jersey. He argued that the pers made use of the news tbey received in cypher, istence, he should be favorable to tbe appointai—l ofHe by-laws to the out tbat meant in effect tunes out of the market news. The Associated corporation, Press received thefr three thousand words slowly kared to, had been proclaimed for a long time and be- office, on the left-hand side of the White House would say, however, in ills opinion, no expression of the delegated power of the corporation as represented over the line to the exclusion of all private intelli-would open the debate, if consideredcoase weU known to the country. These conditions as you enter. Here lie found Mr. BccBAirAH at his the stockholders could Interfere with or invalidateMr. Fibld said be wotiM pnmoae Mr. Kbbsau and Mr. Cobcobab as members of me Committee.Mr. Hawm said It ironld be aeecptabto If the Com- gence, and In the meantime the market cyphers are mittee were taken from the Board of Dfrectors.aa Hie prinell>les of the party should be strictly ad- CBAaAS, and was ushered uo into the study orexpedient— olddesk as usual the dressing-gown wrapped morethe action of the Board of Directors, whose power forthe year was supreme. The Directors are the Con-gitimate, regularly organized agentocorpora-translated, and men are prepared to make thefr money out of the finctuattons of the market Such action at least is fri the of those who have thto monopoly of the newsp,owaenrd it is thus that it isMr.SwAiB said the Press would not be saUtfed trlth a ecmtract based on regular rates.slippers a little more down-at-heel than heretofore,in the Board oi Dfrectors. The Directors are the le-of thetion, and a 11 matters of detail are confided to them. At the annual meeting of the stockholders last Jan- uary, a resolution waa adopted to apply to tlu Legis- lature of New-Jersey for several amendments to theexpress power of making by-lavrs to the stockholders alone.Constitution themselves for the government of the by-laws were legal and the meeting^ regvilarly sary. He believed if the Press was properly In-Mr. Ebbsall continued hto remarits, stating tliat the Telegraph Company had agreed to place tbe spe- cial Washington dtopatehes to the HeroU, Thtiou TiBis, dec., on the same footing as the reportt of tbeis to raise a committee to consult as to whether bv-lawsarelegitimatelyInforce. Thtomightmake a delay of six months, ana If one half of the argu- mento in favor of an opposltton line are believed, weThe charter to the Con- shall have an line before that time. He oppositionenoughto know that theprofiuare fiuc- himself several times. For Instance, he had started by expi^asing hto wilUugneas to consent to aay ar-oynomination of Judge Doeou^, tlr. Bdcba- the Board if he found Itis action contrary aged telegraph Company which nets 15 tier cent to of the news were concerned, he desired difficulties should not be construed to relest uponto the wishes of the stockholders.Heconsidered,paythe annual receipts, WhexL.to give them a flat and a dfrect denial. The cypher tile existing Committee or to imply any want ofconmight resignbisplaceof tbe gentleman respecting the speculative .use ing that any action for the aetUement of tbe preeentThere were one or two protxisitions in Mr. Hswitt'sRtsilved, That the stockholders of the American statement which looked a littie at least. preventlsg speculation. Tnis was kno^-n xo Mr. poTt, a Committee of three, not members of thein a Cabinet tothat the whole Cabinet should;bntindirldually,tbePress,herepeated,toAsBoclattd Piesa, It woald be dis-oae-lwenUeth of a mill word for and part per news,affairs of the — Company. Indted, haBABaaaof theiciated Press, as to the seleetlon of Directors, andMr. KanAix deabad to say that &a Uaa ef t^1, lapdtto at one mill per wordlets,Amerleaa Telegraab Coat-'had paid damages,Mr. FiiLD asked by whose advii^e.proceedings UlegltimaMMr. F. O. J, SifiTB thotight when a vote was token advice of one of ito members, had paid these dama- was Sony the pamphlet of the Executive CommitteeuntU English theit coiUd be donetbey gave stated If without emrasslag asythe first meetingsavingTrilmnt of about $1,100 each. Tbto did not look iu- triendly to tbe Press.Mr. C. W. Fuld—The Executive Committee voted sgsinst thto resolution.votedthe rafro- if these figures are allowed of Mr. SuiB. He coukl not hope to follow the whole action against returning money for past reports.will come forward to build a rival line.byresign. They did so, and no member of it was ever the Associated Press. If this was aU the con- favor of hto proposition.displace of Executive law selves and the duties they were en- Mr. Shitu bad said it was, wben lie commenced his of tbe members theCommlttac. tbe place lemarks, although before be got through he endeavor- words were stricken out and the resolution paaaad inbut complete monopoly, and that talks of tbe complete manner in whichItIS 'enfrenched,"andofitosafetyfromcom- The .\tsociated Press fears it will not the statemento in the pamphlet of the Execu- geatvieliofna.ir play from the Telegraph Company, but as has been done before, when the Associ-tbto the Aasoeittedtive Committee, because he had believed that,by-laws. thembeneathnotice. Hebelievedthat Mr.Babnuv, atedPressseeAccidzbt.— the 9 o'clock Newton Yesterday morning,to makeband into the breast of bis buttoned frock-coat The alleged instructions of the stocltholders rpspect- thePresldent, for whom he bad every respect, had tect tbemselves against rates, long resorto Express train, consistingsponded Mr.Wood,sighlnc, and slipping his right Companiesfit toshort getIncreasredportsIn order topro-•tttntlonmustbemaintainedinviolateinallitsparts. IN.B.—HisHonormusthaveforgotten,whileSftvlng ingthedesiredchangeinthechartergivingtothe signedthatpaperwithoutknowingItocontents. It willbesentfreetooutsidepapers,onpurpsseto withpassengers,narrowlyescapedbeingprecipitated Bvaiy right guaranteed by the Constitution mutt be this, his appointments of such men as the tlcket- stockholders expressly the power to make the by- contained thirty-six pages, and thirty-six gross mis- break down the Association. The whole spirit of the into the Passaic River, by running off tlte NeitarkIs ne- swlDdler EsaioBT & Co.] "In fact, Mr. BncHABAU,"statements. One was that the American Telegraph pamphlet and of the remarks of the Executive The draw waaanteeted by law in aU cases wherecessarytoitsengagemenu TheJudicialauthorityaspranlsed in the Constitution must be.sustalned and ridge tlcbet with any hope of tuccess.'" that an application should be made to the Legislature bolder in the American Company, and who knows puipose. In order to accomplish thii, atate- gineer, who has recently been placed on tbe road, Vb decisians implicitly obeyed and faithfully exe- " Could you succeed if you had such patronage," for such a change in the charter, but there had been that the Company paid five dividends of ten per cent ments are made, unfoimded in fact respecting the failed to discover it Tbe Conductor of the brainhad neverthey The Older waa out not aa in- aaca to these things, must be met with firmness, chiilcO." Mr. Wood gave a superbly con- Mr. FUI.D Said he had only required an answer to out bis stock Ixcause he knew the policy of the Ex- the Associated Press complained of. Yet much sur- stant too soon, for the locomotive wss within six feeteated. The laws must be administered and the con- asked the venerable J. B., giving his bead a moreno time to give the notice required by the law of New-to build rival upas threatened andtftnted authorities and all unlawful resist- knowing cock than ever. "They tell me all upheld, New-1'ork is for Dooolab, Mozart Hall in-Jersey previous to the application for a change.realized on their new stock in the consolidat<!d Com-associations,expressed the determination to do. This was what stop. prompUy obeyed,iaqiartlaUty and fidelity, if we expect to enjoy and transmit nnlmpaired to our posterity that blessed in- kerttance which we have received in trust from tlie patriots and saxes of the Revolution.temoluous smile aa be answered"Mr.the question whether there was any law of New- Jer-ecutiveCommitteewouldruinthe He prisewasexpressedthattneAssociationshouldceme ofthe andinamomentmorethewholetrain:Company.had sold a portion of his stock, and intended to sellbut Mr. Hdbt had advised himall, against it andand draw,tlreaten it would have been precipitated into the river. It wasCompanypaidthat. Fuld,journ, and leave both parties to takecare ofthem-—Acoidrti. Thos. Rithoi-ds,grocersputon,whentheywishtopersuadeaweak- Hemovedasanamendmenttotheresolutionsoffered ecutiveCommitteehadnodesiretoretaintheir tomefractionofamill,thiswasnotso.Thecalculation Newark.Hewasamarriedm 33minded old lady that they are giving her an unheard- stock Executive Committee was based upon a divisioni n and about yearsand it seemed to him that some peculiar mo- of)lbeof bargain. " Will you accept my offer, or ahail I by Mr. LiviNaBiOR, that Messrs. Kibdau., Hiwctt, tive must have induced him to a small of the price paid for messsges by the Boston Press, of age. Hit remains were takenthe venerable Presi- dent giving a vigorous suck between each word to his unHghted cigar, and sending lijs bands up either dressing-gown sleeve In vain pursuit of bis shirt- —from thefr own agent But the message itself, sentrespondedfindgentlemen be requested and au-;u> Newark toStBDAT School ExfrRSio!!.—The chUdren, teachers and friends of the Second Presbyterian Sab-made their annual excur- On thto occasion they visitod Fieriaday's pleasure.—F:aBBI>G ArrKAT. JOHH DOtJOHIKTT BOd.hefrom the breaking up of the arrangement with thethe expense of tbe Press. The Boston papers do no*, however, complain of the rise—they can pay aa much as the Itoe d< mands as long as they reeelva the reports. Thsy are wUllBgltodoaway witkall commutotloo,iPress,Wew York Associated Pjess that thefrcvAELzsIc baU for commuting an assault and battery on AL>x. NicBLis. One of the party stabbed NicaLBt bL tbe heaa, aad afterward attacked bbn with a loag-Mr. Fibld asked if the ExecuUce Committer wouldOn Wednesday morning, a young maa aimed .Wn,- He procured a razor aad pall, and sraat iaIe-a'ShsdCkimpany policy, they Messrs. Hear fured to do to DlrectodT..rs?^niSgTMfJi,M 5. ^Jo'b^°coBs3 resolutions offered that Messrs. Kskdau., Jamis Faic- papers in the .^soclat^d l^it'Bs pay one mill per word betoie tbe (.ublicatliin of the Executive Committee's incbea in length. When dtoeuvaiad hs waa(Caosswsu.) was riVht for their news, while meicbante and poliUctans and Pseaidant BDCBAiiab removes to Uie soldiers' home - So disgusted did His Honor, your Mayor' become LAVD, and HoBACX Galpis, be appointed a committee the sijk and the dyirg pay five ceiits per word.pam;. Met, but be couii) not tay that it wotild oe now. The Stiretaiy dtbired to say, that Dr. Gbxbs watnot a stockholder. Dr. Gbex!< (aid be,City, proJel?*a and stockholderA man namedMr. Rbbssblabb Roti, of Claverack, Columbia Coun-Mr. FizLD—Becaute ewstosether.massage',snleMe on TuMday t^ ihaallBt bim- Press, tbat the Press seif. Us prostrated bimsetf oo tlie trouad, pat ttieshouldM. B, 0. ,iit Comjany- showing that the p.-ofits c' Mr. SiOTa—T^iry art B(l one firm, ThePreit, he Sfockholaers, to take thtt mat:tr lr.tc ccr.ilderation. 23 years of sge.testebleit csme from thea dividend. The Committee and ito friends, is a desire to break Bridge.stotement tltis to iU avowed of a veswl, and the proper signal shown, but the En- each, then received 100 per cent, for the stock, and Association. What right had the Telegraph Company saw the signal, and ouUed ttie Engineer's beU topany 12 per cent dividend. He, Mr. Fi£iJ>, had solding it wiU undergo tbe most rigid examination.TBI LATE MYSIIBY IN JHtSlI CiTT—TH« build up ilvalsto the Comt>any. Toe Press ask no MiBSiso Mas Alivz—Recorder Todbb, of Jcneyappointed.Mr. FiiLD bad sold some stock, and the Secretary favors of Ihe Company. They need not build lines City, received the foUowing telegram on tlWdahad to tell no more until they mutually agreed they:ihe Astcciatlon says that, in ito own defence that the President The Secretary said Mr. Fi».s had sold out before and for the protection of the public, it wUl thenup lines," Sir," said Mr. Wood, smacking his lips drily, aad stockholders make the by-iawi, except where the Mr. RtissxiJ.'8 conduct, and in consequence sold out sociated Press desire, immeoiately tbe Press To Tkomeu TiUUn. Esq.. Recorder of Jerse]/ dtp-pulling up the sharp polnU of his shirt collar—" Sir, power is specially delegated to the DlrecThePresidentcalledMr.Fixldtoorder.of irhieh he informs iBe let- byMrs. W. S. BONN.England,Custom House patronage. With these resources at before the Secretary was bom, set'Ied the pamphlet without a knowledge of the contents. It plilet the Executive (Committee had put forth. He abduction connected with tlito affair, which may bevou must remove Gen. Dix, and me to fill give lioertyMr. Fixld said hebelieve Uie Ptets couldFor Ua own part he did not robbers,ter.in aichooaer,tors. As to itsthe law ofwould speak as respectfully as he could to tbe Chair, tor whom be entertained respect,''"*""manywillpromisetogivetheseprivatelinestheirbusiness. Mr.BinsisinFloriaa,alive. HewastAkentberabyever expect fair play or juttice from this Cocnpanywas well known ha. Mr. nad sold some would be quite willing to tee this meeting at once ad- elucidated wben further Intelligence to received.beingmatters with Scaiu., that 1 may have onethlrd of the the decision of Lord MABsniu made years but be believed he had been led into signing this nnder its present DirecUon, judging from the pam- There is undoubtedly a most Iwld and remarkablehis place. 1 shall also require that vou to arrangeasBATHBOirxviLLi, K. T.. Thnradar, Jaas 2i, :Dr. Gbbbb biqoired If tbe Boston papers would beat a stipulated rate for live years, with the tinder- luicide under the foUowing singular circuantium:acceptablerazor across hto neck.Inflictinggash about threePresi should wait upon the Boaid, Mr«^TM»"'S.<»'«htlf theCompaaywaHadteaOutside theand' InsMe the Coaspany and Bzeeatbe Catoktm*'''.' tbeie fit iBdtTUuateiStaD are ootlikeiy teeoaa ta-« -.fioolty.Conqianjtlieraiaa( «o,/ arraagemeat HatboqiM .friendly might ba eome to.eiBy,The Secretaiy—They —againstand bein the letter of the Press were lietter than t< oea re-dead and the ,private messages.a half full of blood.fS^ao^aa f—t—to-llvj Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 