 .%T-jiif-«- tha ingreaaegressofsoul-strains,"theyJames W.Timet, and long the intimate and confidentialpreachfWM»»< yet iriB iwon (trfhAflHjt^ H—Hudroi^ol^llaa ditahrtB J Dr. rAiBOBiiB ha* twleakeU tha, ««!MbW^»M«1«»* IffrJ^ lyw i^)1^ (Bty HaU Puk iriUnrally Mr. to is- thitcoagragatloB doilBf the past twG^kii/ prompted hi*Mi M^jpjj JmAjf^milsum ofnfans,nH,lorow now (tend toofranden, fearful fignre. She pall upon the Company'sMltsioaaiy Soeletr, and rqwrt the amooat at a |*a-•'HkN ftr erar.idtted to plaT, eren an Smdayion* of the most substantial of thethePressrecentissues ofItiasUtedpresentis pletion.andisSatatutoe, which has just been issued,Wnenntcollect It* own foodsand idea gives It •DJr*.^ "Tr»a1*'"*"»Ch7nrmcehe.tlnK. ha* rsaaUni sOectlvelr Intlteoecupuiej(40,000,fir*tvolume, comprising the SkeUh Booi, ha* al-pca-nar^Buyotir boot(,^iriUioon know their foims wiser act^ had they come down at once,beenready published, and a most exeeilenttjdMl* Vij*" " bkostimnlating af the »tyle of the series.Is one of the moat elegant at the same time, and,The misstonarr eollecttons wareenlar|Mlnoae year from t2M to $090, aadaanually.that a liberal ChrisUan gentlemanTh* famtain wlU not be |ier-Capt. Scott'scoon."day will witness, with perfectaprovide remedy.; >• indeed it—beautifullyprinteduponheavy,super- standsre«dytoendowa; the noticet to holding an inquest hito the condition of Bellevue ^|L B«t been for tlie iMt ;ear sums up theirand fifth professorship at Prince- illustratedbyveryneatvignettes ton,asioonastbeOeaeralAssemblyshallhaveet-property, whereon to b«ild a (ttpAt, tfti revised8|feyw»-tt>gicNEyV- PUBLICATIONS.—lie death of WAamaaTOR Ixn>e has i»t-[i^im efftsaiked. The O'Hakab went to Mn JMMJb of tlw Qcoenl GoTsnuneBt, Company. Tha award ef the arbitrators is for the,, paMonlthelaw, and have jiiat got ont, having beaten thetapaypriceand have rnn up to a their costsimite,enthniiaatlc in their deain to pnrae la aow dovblT heavy. It would have been acomplete ediUon of hi* work*.Sabbath Bchools as a Diatilet t»" —TheConuniasionersofCharitieshavebeennow exceed |4,0Mpaper, 9fft and micioaccpe men wIU liave to ab- action by staUng that they took a good deal of the Life of"itSip off the cnu" ^"iU be removedthe teles- Hospital. OneoftheCityjournalsThe whole series, including;: tlteDnion-eaverswillhavetoittBt- qMitara ; the belli will hare to follow the tion was hifested with vermin." As it was proved This is well styled the National Edition, for it will Prof. KamiRioK, of Rochester(teatnpHad ef oth«r belle*, who long liikce moved up that forty rats were found drowned in a bathing-umes—ofwhichonewill be issned each month. tution.friend,ajpatnlat*MNmto eillbit themaeWes-MOtllrm to be nlactad in which to let off fire-tub, and as one child had been eaten alive by them, the con-luaion which the inquest has reached seemstobesustainedbythefacts. Thereisno-unquestionably supersederoom for more in the same direction. The anythingafn^lKtba tnmk of the City in halves, and keep-tled;and Chatham-street eternally separ-ate aad&liiiet from each other^ And the genera- Eoapitaltokf.Bmdwayelegant editionof Cooper's;preparing a leries of ffotet •* tkebam Cit7 Halla. The now emptj^lifll become a aoUd wedge of masonry, thing,lAfeto be i**ned in niuform style with this edition. Mr. PtTTKAll has also pabllshed Bbtaht'S dis- course on layiMO.ofSabbath-schoolteaclMra,ULIOIOUS SIBYICBS IB THIS CITT TO-MOBBOW.The people of the Five Points are to be treatedaand another placeeommenfajy, isand Letter* of Ibtiro are announced as soon Nev TtttmiM, with special reference to the vranta" to show that the tastitn- evidence, whichtendedWathingUm,la to bo bonght by a andpresentedtothe Insti-however, like having things officially set- and now that the Commissioners have ascer- tained, by due and solemn investigation, that thetton af the•inapHemcj, the cntting down of the.treeinnderiskaw fpreading branches it is probable that their Dieasure*, they employ a capable incendiary, and was among the last of the author's productions,yaranta made the arrangements which resulted in bum it down. It wonld be a great deal better to and was designed especially to illustrate the Anti' be delivered In the evening, in the Church of tk*p —wenasBepubUca,arenngratefal. Whyconidwe•et permit the old servant, who so long has borne laments that the day of poetry is deadoar tramplings, and aastained his time-honored asks "Why have we no more of the soul-strainsby the roots without a murmnr. Cities, as their victims this last indignity.most eelebrated of Americanwhich were once breathed by the old masters ?" aicWMitiira on the alieady weary shoulders. pay. Poetry has become a mere question of breadbaiden, the City Hall, wlthont a murmur, to enjoyat 3 P. M.Rev. Dr. Abmitaob will preach in the afternoonin Union comer of Broadway and Thirty- Chapel,nhith-*tr*et.Rev. JoSEPB M. Sakubbsob winold age, without piling additional masses of Yaaia age^ when the Park galea were removed, toafiMtDouglas have already been issned—one from tha press of Habpxb & Bboihbbs, and the other from that of DxRBT & Jackson. The first is preparedcould not sell them for enough to keep their Pegasus ia oats, or themselves in trowsers. Again, this if aonld not the Park have been snfiered to remain not a poetical age. The Real, is asserting itself Ktaet 7 Boiely there waa nothing very green to the exclusion of the Idxal. And the music of the is condensed in two bars—iron•bout it!— haveaThey pleasant wayin the Chapel of the Home for tbe Friendless In tbe evenand^imcn, we foresaw, at no distant day, the totalwithtic, beyond the Missouri, and nigh unto the shoresladies and Al- leaaoval of our father's triangular faverite. Whyfor the reason thatofkk Sicily. If an individual suspected of patriotismpresent day rhymes—whichstretchthemselvesfromtheAtlan-em about as a aa could Bar,"— vague designationpossibly be invented. Tuii Itfst is a cheap volume^ designed mainly for popular circulal.«>n in the can-from the public speeches of theEighth-avenue and Twenty-ninth-street.Rev. Thbodobb Babopck, of Watertown, N. Y.,will preach at the Memorial Church, In Hammond- street, In the evening.Bev. Wh. H. Milburn will preach in the even- ly v at Cooper Inititnte this being the closing service of the Union series,the reach of the sbirri, the whole circle of his relatives, male and female, are forth- with arreated and put to the torture in his stead.People hurryingto theirgoal,theescapes beyondselectionsdoing thingsThe system of tonme would do a reed, or rhythmical discourses to the moon-publicationsof thepeculiar empi»;f4^onpf tp t)ie ingennity of gat of onr prison or pen-the mildest is that inpfter all, it is better to Uve poems than to write them.Bev. PRiHB Bbhinqton will preach at Palace Taggabd, Garden Hall i:s the afternoon.Bev. JoBN C. JSmitb will preach in the evening the Free Church of the Martyrs In Forsyth-street. Rev. Mattbbw Hale Smith will preach hisThe correspondent ol a literary jonroalRev. Dr. Hobabt, Assistant ICnlster of Trinity The approaching Presidential contest be- Church, will preach at St. Ann's Chnrch for Deaf gins already to make its mark npon the book- Mutes In the evening: services in Deaf-moto laa-of the Pacific.attainment of wealth, with tbe whistle of steam in their ears, have no time to Ibten to the pipings ofvass.piousprospective candidate.j^jo'^4aBtiaTyleip^. Imong«ae by a gectleman who rejoices in the name ofFaiTiLiA. It consists in making the patient sitioiQSBachairwithanopen-workseatfamished inAstor-place,betweenthefollowersofForrest theycontain. TheearlycontributionsofCarltlb with razor-blades, and having underneath a and the admirer* of Macbbadt, will be edified to to the lea'jing Reviews of Great Britain are among «ka£ng diah of burning coal. Another humanita- learn, o^ the authority of the Sherborne Jmtmal, the 'oest of his productions, and as they relate to lian by the name of LociS UmiBCkLD, has made " that this gentleman has received so many pieces and historical will have aEssays,—The surviving heroes, if there be any gant style of the Riverside Press, and yrorthy insuch, of the great original"'international fight every way of the most admirable writings which closing sermon, at Cooper Institute,in theevening,literary subjects theykimself &mons by the inventloD of manacles cf plate that large quantities were stowed away permanent interest for the great body of cultivated which clasp the wrists and ancles of the accused cut of sight, and that a testimonial costing 1,000 persons. Thiseditionhasreceivedtherevisionand like a vice, and gradually increase the tightness guineas, and presented to him in America, had not the annotations of the author, and contains a new •f their grip until the prisoner, overcome by pain, been seen by his family or friend* until it was and very striking portrait engraved irom a like- confeesea to aU that liis torturers desire. An in- being packed up for removal to Cheltenham." ness recently procured by Mr. R. W. EitERSON. taaca is told of two n«fortnnates being arrested Such is the gratitude of kings, whether on or off The volumes are bound in (any style to suit pur- eaaaapicien ct complicity in the killing of a Gov- the stage. However, as the gift's prosperity, un- chasers, and are sold at corresponding prices. The I iHiMilit officer. Not being able to bring them to like the joke's, is in the giver's heart, we hope the publishers very justly commend the edition as Liiafimi a crime they had never committed, one 'Hestimonializers" will bear with equanimity the " fully equal to any specimen- of book-making yetCapt. Cbxmci, formerly a robber, but now, by a information that their $5,000 tribute has been produced in this country."too do—The Harpers have the new publishednovelbytheauthorof"AdamBede"—TheMillone of theAfter nndergoing tortures which even devils would the sylvan pursuit of sheep-raising on a Texan tures. The Scenes of Clerical Life, originallyverj natural transition, a police functionary, seized treated by tbe great actor very much as a watering-Ikewifeofoneofthem,—ayoungandhandsome placevraman,—and, after having perpetrated on her the her last successful season.—aooat aiwminkble violence, had her tied naked on a William,on the Floss. It is certain to meet t quiteLe- bench, and given up to the brutality of his sbirri. LANns, who has'hitaerto contented himself withvery rapid sale, on account of the reputation won byakdak from inflicting on their kind, the accused w«i« set at liberty and declared entirely imiocent cf the crime with which ihey had been charged. Let OS be content with our Metropolitao Police, and thank our stars that we do not Uve within the jurisdiction of the Police of Palermo.ranche, announces that he will take the stump this contributed to Blackwood's Magazine, were ex-Fall for the Charleston nominee, provided the can- and and the novel of ceedingly graphic interesting,—Thereand it is probable that a dozen or more might bekUedoffwithoutbeingmuchmitsed. Butthough electedtostopinWashingtonforabraceofWinters thecommnaityatlargemightnotthinkadozen hewillneverattackthememorynorimpugnthe Jives much loss, the individuals themselves would motives of great men. If the Major really meansahaH be in some proportion to the weight to be raised.—AnkwjUnaraatakingitatestquestion,puzzling fteir knotty brains aud bothering the Judges withthe like. By the -conclusion of his paragraph, Mr. Haxbletox surely wonld not have us infer that shooting politicuffis is a creditable piece -ef busi- ness. He should remember that those politicians, after all, are human beings and our fellow-crea- tures.—Jambs Pikoknby Hambleton, editor andfor 4eci*ioninPhiladelphia. Theimmediateprovoca- tion is tiifling, but then great oaks spring from acoms, and why not a tremendous lawsuit from a petty complaint ? On* BAsrosn, it appears, has baea hauled before tite Courts to answer the efciigr of having given theatrical exhibi- ••BS vrithout previously procuring a license. He played the interesting drama of "Mother Soeee," an innocent version of the nursery story> the rhymes of which ring sweetly in iaiant ears* hot forgot to consult the City Treasurer about the ]ial* fiee for doing it. Whereupon the Treasurer mgnd a complaint, and now all the Philadelphiaexceedinglydelicateis question vfcattigalion by kit mctkrr, as was her duty, altbougli iikliiiiilii disquisitions upon the exact definition of the circumstances wete not discreditable In any sease"theatrical exhibitions." Cotmsel for defendant •ostends that where there is neither tragedy nor •emedy, nor ^^et melo-drama, nor even a prompter in a little box, nor a part studied, there is no the- atrical display. The prosecution falls back onto the boy, nor indeed to tbe man."and cites the English rulings In thlsfery ease of " Mother Goose ;" and altogether a solem <he turned mis- upjprecedent,•criesdi^gamentawife, upontheir hands. Ithas sprung, from so ignoble asing, leavingto the brethren as hishas since been ascertained that Rev. Wm. Dudleyanswers to the name of V. Snow. In ap- Dudleypearance he is described as quite a high tragedy•villain, about fifty years old, red hair and beard,bulky form, bow legs, and suspicious countenance.The public will be on their guard against all gen- of Northern Illinois in which a French Canadian—rce, thfc end whereof no man can see. scnnatureA trial of rather singular latelyoc-ministry reportedsmall and disproportionate to tbe membership of tbecapied the attention of one of the 'Prenoh Tribu->als. A gentleman, who with his family purposeda visit to Paris, was left by the omnibus on wliich ke depended for transportation to the railwayiifil. On inquiry at the oflSce he learned that theaaote to the station had been changed. He rebukedHim keeper of the omnibus, a female, for not havingtold^Imofthechange; she,trueto theinstinctsChurch In tbe Slate.The Presbyterian Board of Publication, at the•r hft sex, answered petulantly, aad a violent al-Utaitka took place. The quarrel, on the woman's a provincial paper,* in eulogizing a Gubernatorialcan Mission, bav^'dedded to return to the Vnited States, In consequence of impaired health Rev, E DcpcT, late i Dutch Reformed In the-gatt, waited in a fever of which she died. On candid"ate, improves upon originalNone speak of him but praise him:"ha death-bed the exclaimed, The wretch, the;—None know Urn but to qaeoceofthischargethegentlemanwasarrested pearanceinthevicinityofMontreal,aspurchaserstrreteb, ke (aveaiemydeath-blow!" In conse-and tried bef«ra the Tribunal of CorrectionalPelice for having caused the death of the woman ishment of the Canadian eicheqaeri, commentedof Canadian live-stock. The prospective replen- by imprudeoce. He waa acquitted. It would be upon by our lively Canadian exchanges, as a sub-Chnrch of Geneva, N, Y.The Obterver states that the Board Presbyterianbelie treats the and bitUt-douxof buoquetscant seat in Congress from Western Texas ;" lay- ing down, as the first planks of his platform, thebooks are published is " George Eliot,"—^but this is a pseudonym, and it is pretty generally understood that the author is a Miss of London. Thisof Mexico and Cuba, and the constmc-•f New-York, tha number is rapidly increasing, lion of a Sonthem Pacific Baiboad. He further new work is very highly commended, as possess-are agreat many peoplein theCityacquisitionEvans,takes his Maker to witness, that, in case he ising more striking interest than its predecessor. SEUGIOCS.Nctlcea cf RellgloiiB IHaTemeat*. ioeiine to regard it aa serioas. At any rate, before what he says, we vote for his election. Modest Anniversary Week will open on Sunday, May 6 dispatching any one to another, perhaps a betten men are wanted at the National Capital. with the annual sernons before the Bible Society, the—Our English joumais record an instance in American and Foreign Christian Union, and tbe Sea- his consent to the anangement. These re- which, upon the trial of a will case, the witness men's Friend Society. As tbe business meetings ofworld, courtesy woulff dictate the propriety of ask-ingBiarka are prompted by having noticed a safe, notlore than a block distant from our office, sus-pended over the sidewalk by a cord not strongercomparatively than the hair which suspended the long wrangle as to the amount to which he was place Church, a£d that the business meeting shallhad the best of it. He was a Mr. Galx, and, on being put upon the stand, declined to answer any questions until he had received his fee. After athe Amexican Tract Society for some years have been so protracted as to prevent tbe careful conslaeratlon ot Its leligious and benevolent objects, the Managers have decided that a preliminary meeting shall be held on Tuesday evening. May S, m tbe Lafayette-—A Dr. Wm.topreach. Shortlyafterwardsmade his ap- pearance in the town of Rusk, Texas, brmging let- ters to certify that he was a member of the South- em Methoc'ist Bpiscopal Church, and also a licenseThe aimual thirty-fiilhDudley recentlyof the Rhode Island Baptist State Convention was held, at Providence, In the early part of this week.Metropolitandidate is " a conservative man." Moreover, the Ai^atn Bede achieved a still more brilliant success Major proposes to " take the field for the first va- in the same direction. The name under which thetake place on Wednesday morning. May 9, at the entitled, the Court ordered that he should be paid/I Academy of Music. Tbe Independent, however, pro-swoid of DAMOCLXi. Two men were raising it byBeans of a tackle and winch, the rope employedwas less than an inch in diameter, and bore evi-dence of having been broken and spHced. We did again called and questioned, declined to answer asniversary, and then to claim in the business meet-BOt consider it safe to pass under that safe ; but a because he had not received the money. The ing that the rerort having been adooted. nothing re-for time and expenses, £16. As anottter witness' fesses to be suspicious of tills programme, conceiving wa. ready, Mr. Galb stood aside ; but, on being that the change 'Ms a ruse to secure a nominal vote for the adopUoa of the asanual report at a reUgiousamount was finally handed to him, and then themainsbutIheelectionofofficers. Iftillsshallsieady stream of people poured along beneath it ;andthereswungtheponderous'-fire-proof"atan questionwasrepeated, whenitappeared-elevation of fifty feet from the ground, and ready knew nothing whatever on the subject. It is agement."at any moment to come down without saying 'Standfromunder." Ifithadfallenuponanin- -dividual, it is not probable that he'd have entered a complaint, or have sued anybody for damages. But this does not argue the right of any citizen to thelifeothisneighbor. Ifdisposedto amuie himself by swinging Kafes in the air like yeadulnms, he has an undoubted right to do so ; hat the public h^ve also a right to demand that he abould station sentinels in the -vicinity, to informlife been and the encomium which guilty ;jeepardizeearlyhe pours upon the conduct of Mrs. Bickley, that lady 'Certainly merited. Mothers will gather from the above extract that it is then: duty to whip their boys for shooting politicians, especiall^if the poli-diem that this amusement is going on ; they have ticians are prominent ones, and are sJllffortunate 'also a right to insist that the strength of the tackle as to have unmusical names, like Rawlins and—needlesfto add that Mr. Galb was a lawyer, and a sharp one at that.It will be remarked that Mr. Hambletoh is strictlyimpartialinhishistory; heconcealsnone of the little misdemeanors whereof his hero has into be the tiie fact, {aao'sSoulhcm is Canfcderacy,feeling towards us, bat seem disposed to be friendly. This state of feeling will be strengthened U tbe Tlen-dUBculUes should betslngl amlcsbly adjusted; butshould the English sufier another defeat we may look outfortroubleatallth*ports. Missionariesarenow ItlnerallDg to some extent through the country, not, however, as before the difficulty at the North, andthe woman whom he had introducedof two or moreto be under the perpetual control of the Society, but haveasyetnodigestedplantopropose. Thenumber of candidates for the was to betlemen of this peculiarly prepossessing efterior.population is fonnd. These four men are all of French or Canadian origin, and conversant with the French and hapbeitrsf.ectAly—The beautiful couplet of Halleck's"None knew thee, but to love thee Non^ named thee but to praise,":hasbeenoftenquoted,borrowedandstolen. ButCmsKcr'a people to pay offth* mortgages upon their property.Dr. Wist and Mt-'PARSORB, of North Ameri- ^ethe thasleve him." Connecticut Yankees hare made their ap-clergyman Classls of Kingston, N. Y., has determined to take orders In the Episcopal Church Rev. Dr. Wooa, late Pastor ef the Broomestreet Presbyterian Chunk in this City, has received a call from the Presbyteriaawell, however, for the authorities of France to im-sediately hold a conclave and dedde what consti- of the new Parliament House* at Ottawa. In Misrions a still further increase of oftute* a death-blow.--SultaatlawarenotAe that alwaysceleitty markedthecaseofMrs.Thoicp- troth.^t"^' '^ H"<*»oi» Mver Railroad Company, in —Mrs. J. 0. Hebnak is playing in'Richaiond,ject not less worthy of attention than the buildingcrease' of more than (20,080, and the Board of Foretfathe tolatter event could hardly be expected $30,000over the upwards Iceome of the prevloBS twelve-fact,settledwith occurwithouttheaidoftheformer,ifreporttellsThl»a^lUttat«nf4*daaamtiafaetOTV fft»vltsiay of flH^oeh, a^ y^tn* AJl mw Fntestaot Ipbeopal Chmch bae been wmarkable hutancej the officers of the Ta. She appears as The Unprotected Female, asBaaisadatWaalpoii, Ct.aad Bev. Jam fwni, r sent a check for »7,000, the amount of and in the farce of " B. B., orjthe Benicia lato of Christ Chiuch In the same town, has bsal l^jdnrt them, bright and early next Boy." The " Benicia Boy" is indeed a farce if he called to tn* Keetonhlp. A spadoos stone edUa*^ ,_ .Z"*^^ Companies nsuaUy have * allows his Asab to be thrown upon the charities will be Immedtately erected The Parish of ChiMChurch, (Episcopal,) in Elisabeth, N. J., has a m«K-ofbershlp I.OM peiaoas, and has contributed loron Cbarchpnrpaae*.dDiag tbe past seven years, Aa•*•• 'fin^ «l» T»«* ago, the Com- onlypeTsdaw&adinrtea a good share of tlntet JtmjsdMdnpo*cntd»t|iacw•!theO'Hara rrttiD(ki»*|Mi>Ab.t« be dtagoaned intoeaas af the heira of the CHara estate in—the world aa an Female. Unprotectedntafewghtmithe-Pennsylvaniahaadaonesumof438,214. It Tk»nit«Mtb|teiian Chnrdi, ot Kratgomet^Untitled Documentsettlements. The ofDr. Cox is stillBoad, is a no- theadnlteTatiainofllfnoT*. The Doctor is not theinengaged lectnrlngUafree Church.;langaaxe proposition Is also made to raise a rand of tI9,000, to enable Mr.that heIndependent.)dedly the worst blunder yet committed by the Man-of thea forcible writer upon all subjects, but in biograph-ical sketches he particularly excels. In proof ef our local troubles of last July. We have much lassproprietorDailythis assertion we subjoin a paragraph from a con- densed life of Gen. Gbo. Bicelbt, which appears inalatenumberofUspaper. Hesays:" When our subject was about eUven years of agelie was jent to Petersbnrgh, VL'giiiia, to attend an academy, which he *id for a while, until an unfortu- nate acrldent or incident occurred, by which he skot agentlemanbytkenameofRawuss,thenaprominentUberty than we had twelve months ago."A meeting of clergymen of different denomina-tions and others Interested In the establishment of aBiblicaland In the ofBos- Theological Library Cityton,washeld,afewdayssince atwhicbRev.Dr.LoTHEOP stated that he considered the was en- projecttirely feasible, and he had no doubt t^at (2S,000 would be raifed In Boston and the immediate vicini- ty. TheInterestof15,000-wouldpayalltheneces- sary expenses of the Institution, and tl0,O0O could be immediately devoted to the purchase of books, the number of which would rapidly Increase from year to year.Rev. HsirsT Jacsson, D. D., of Newport, was elected President for the ensuing year. The Board have under consideration the propriety of thepoliticianIn the which resulted in a severe State,sue a new and Pftham, pablisber, The Tbe experiment of organldag every claaa'lBfineon steel and wood. tabllaked tteCo.,continued,approaching; will chuckle over the destruction of the basin they are so likely to be devoured by rats. Sickness at the time the book was written. Daxijit's il- aad Ministry in the great fight vrlth God's WordOtywhere their uunes used to lead them to see the is bad enough, at best,and bebold the grass whereon they used to chances of being eaten alive, it seems to be over- in defiance of the warning placards, plncked done. Our public charities might at least spare—but when you add to it tbelustrations ofandaddverygreatlytoitsvalue. Thismustcon- tinue to be permanently the standard edition of the works of thenovelists.against Slavery."Rev. Hbnbt Bozhh, the traveling companion ofBishop ASBOBT, will preaeh a seml-ceatennlal dis- conrte in the Seventh-street Methodist Chnrch in the morning.—The—We will inform the gentleman. Boul strains don't publishing department. Two Lnes of Senator gnageand butter. Our bards do not straia themselves"and;bySbbabab, editor of the Chicagothe author in his (or her) previous literary adven-It will pdreocvie- beThe annual report of the Dutch Reformed Clas- sls of New-York discusses, the spiritual condition of this City, and deplores tbe fact that a large part of the west side Is becoming deficient In church privi- leges. The report says : " From Bleeckerstreet to tbe North Cburch, a olstaace of two miles, there is no spiritual borne for nersons attached to our denom- inallon, and it affords a field for missionary labor which the Committee recommend to the favorable consideration of the Classls." This denomination has purchased a haadsome Mission Chapel In the easternpart of the City, and Rev. Dr. HAanuissaoH has con- sented to lake charge of It. The German Reformed Dutch Church at Harlem Is reported to be laboring under difficulties so serious that It will be necessary to abandon It altogether, or place It upon a better footing.Rev. Mr. CuB.NiiiaHAlf, Superintendent of the China Methodist Mission, -writes from Shanghai to the Corresponding Secretary of the Missionary Boardin this at follows City,:" The show no ill- peopleestablishingpermanent scholarships,of 'DoBeBtic Missions will report this year an la-Chajj aad filled It. It is also said that is to embrace Jl vol- the ''*''"«*le Ubrary of tbe late Dr. J. A. AxaxAUBs*,aU and leave no revision of University, others,sermon from the eloquent Dr. BBTHun to-mor- Novels, row morning, corner of Cow Bay and Worth-street, hope they in eonrae cf publication by W. A. Towhsbbd & at 1054 o'clock, which, with the of the cbll-weIhak azlstenea and the present population of the have no hospital for the sick than one in which Rentism which was the great question of the day Puritans, on tbe " Posltton and Duty of the Chnrchis infested with will take effectual steps tovermin,We venture to suggest that, in lack of lees efficientsingingHouse of Industry, most make an at-this series are exceedingly spirited,friend of the subject of his biography. The other—tag.Rev. E. Fat, of Antioch College, will preach,meetingof friends of Rev, Mr. has com- CsiBiDtiT,requestmissioned four colporteurs to labor In those coantlesits com- drenfromthetractive entertainment."isanonymous, beingbya MemberoftheWest- morningandevening,atLamartlneHall,comerofThe oiie first mentioned contains Very co-—One ol the most valuableday is a reprint of Messrs. Bro-wk &Boston, of Carltle's Critical and Miscellaneousin four volumes— in the most ele- printed atwhose Olabaaien is th* standard ediUon of thatThe second discourse by Rev. Dr. Cbbbvxb willMONETARY AFFAIRS. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 