 »ng*aHT9 of ' re-tha »be re-'royieg ae of yoa,thanr*«» paaa' 1 «na*3ti billrbu*-«ri!l b«iOe would not Httemp> to describe alt ttxe mu'fciAtr'ocs »rd re ihtn rVd, leaving::the knife Btic'iing ia the h-ad of tttafcke*fcbe.«ooe-»iuj'7Ji-pu-vdby«ayaa»*,tb«a«r««"«oer* tbeywiPseektb«-irwir)**rt.h<-d<5attheapproachofa.breedsoftheciyiUzedworld,butwouldconfixhis thedteenseo.Underthesef-.cts.tueou-jstiocw**submittedtoof a3 pcr- e great andfarmers m'«ght largely incieaire their profile at Btiongly recommend it. The old mercurial barometer, usiull r«*k. In u i e ' Western Reserve, there al- with its marks of " cloudy," " riin," " fair weather,"The General Term of the Common PleaB adjourned morr.ing and hid nearly cm it th'ougb. He was sentenced to yesteidav for tho purpose of enab.ing the Judges to attend the the State Prison for two years r»ndsix months.luneral of A. S. Hilton, u aon of Judge Hilton, who dioden Wed- McDonald, surnozned Abraham, was found guilty of com- nesday morning.'•I roproetor to K"'option of Bk>ptnen> of agriculture, j>d ready to- >rote«?t:onis£Conducted by pnva+e individaais, for which all the milk of a large dhtrict is ccrdled and supplied at a stipulated price. The pUn is .-*aid to bav- p,oved suc-aCOURT! OF OYER AND TERMINER.—Fan.33.—BofoKoJuatice INOKAHAH. . j SENTEr>Cl£8.ThiB being the day for sentencing prisoners, the1 CiiLtl.&OROE•'from Ouz Own Kaportox.OKSTOCK -BREEDING.ob'ain. but he would probubly be here next term.The Court ruade au order directing tue prisoner's discharge, nnie*» ahe sbould bo tried during ino hrst two wouka of Uie Aprilterm.: THK LEART MUKDKR. •Mert mer Shay w is arraigned for sentence on a con-vict ion for the m»r«ler of John Leary.Mr. Clinton, bis counsel, moved for a new trial, on tho ground that tb« verdict w w sgainU huiU, and for aii''arrest of judgment, oil account of a flaw in tho indictment.1 he Judge denied the motions.Mr Clinton thou asked for a stayof proceedimto upon a certifi- cate «f i/ro'Js.i If cause bt'lugindorned upon the bill 01 exceptions, which ho said it wes the duty of the Judge to grant in tiny ciae where there wim sufficient doubt to render expedient trmt thejudgment of tho General Term should be bad upon it.'1he Judge rendered the f »llowlng opinion in Una case!The counsel for tho prisoner movou for a new trial, on theground that tho verdict is agoin»t evidence, autt that the facts proven only warranted 0 conviction for manslaughter. Upon th«> trial of tho cauao the Jury were folly instructed w to tho dis'Juction between minder and munaiaughter, and they were aUo told in what cues the killing of the deceased could besentence was suspended, the prisoner promising to do better hereafter. .George W . Standish, a jewelor's apprentice, pleaded guilty on two indictments. Tho hrst was for larceny, ia having made away with $1.*5 worth of the wares of his employer, Mr. Garret M. Bodinc, No. 22 Maiden lanes; and the oth<r charge against him was made by Henry Uhnstead of No. 9 Maiden line, of whom he bad ob<alned a gold finger ring with diamond clu»t*»rs, by representing that ho had buen sent for it by Mr. Bodino. Sentence reserved.George Wendecken pleaded guilty of pasalnga counterfeit $2 hill on Sophia Pfifrr of No. 1S*2 A venue A, on the 11th of January. Sentence retervod.Wm. O'Neill and vf,n. Harrison, two rongh-looking custom- ers, p'oaded guilty of committing a barglary on the provi-don" store olMartinas &,lippiacott, f>o. 511 Tenth avenu«, on the 2Cth of January, and mealing $21 worth of gooda. The firmer was sentenced to two ;e«rs and two mohtus, and the latter to two years and three inontha to the State Prison. Adjourned.mCOURT CALENDAR—tnte DA Y .here it is as parti-colored as a chameleon or dying dol- phin, as fickle as a flirt, as-full of whimsical jests as Shakespeare's clowns. In France, during certain months, you can count upon having rain; in Germany and the Noracland, tho oarth will lie warm and shel- tered beneath her enowy covering for months at a t.me; even the London foga-tarry with some persist- ence in their sccscn. But what a climate is our's! Fairy-land, Bohemia, the realm of Dreams' and Shad- ows—no mythic clime can equal its myriad variations of storm, sunshine, cloud, frost, rain, mist, had, snow, and sunshine aga:n—ever varying and intershifting, tdl the bewildered Maahatlaner learns that all signs of thedemand being greater than anticipated, they laid pipe* of BOsmall a calibre, that now, as the demind incre«os» they are under the necessity of applying pressure t e give Lhe required supply. This has the effect of forcing- the gas too rapidly through the burners, whereby more eeci.jles than ia consumed, and as a conrequenoe the gas bills are unduly onerone. The new Company wiH.•lay pipes of sufficient size to obviate this difficulty.INCIPIENT SAILORS.—Fredoriok C. Packard and William Farrell, each about 17 years old, and sons of wealthy people living in North Bridgwater, Masa^ wearying of home restraints, came to New-York audHIO. Ward •eaeaee of11* j esiae&t and jance of the A r ^oercs oarpre-Skve-y«i4 follows?,e-x^n Krro.u- r-w the ptUxaryCtm whi*ij W» • em* of friend* sad wbo »r*. -essential w ^ *:1W *nd over*t4»w%k«B <r«r*P io o v WMUJU7ZOBd6/«d *Cis erwr fa—i>t •-,»«*:, fymo., sat ei, vn. life fcscMapyMa « i « i « jidoaiti*' *me«S ilitirw.aid-totb*lu«r«r. bnt i « » iiote. wiU,Mfc« Law •*«»**•*NKW-HA'TZN, Feb. 22, I860. Mr. Clay'B first lecture was given in the Baptist:aspirate on aecuuat Milk. wiA ordiwarily -proc*uce from 10 to 15 per cent of cream, though it is sometimes much richer than this, aad 25 per cent ie sometimes obt-uued. The product in cream is more regular in several dsfftjrenr. iot^j of miik tban the butter product whicb can be obtain-j-ithe steep banks of stiearns prove dangerous to the sheep.T h e d>ff»*reat constituents of niilk of a difference in specific gravity.ahle place to set milk, ard it should never be indications of the teeth.mi tee and present his own case.set on tbe bottom of a cellar, if it is to riise •cream. The badgasea (carbonic aci",<u>d others perhaps) in the room, aiebear the bo&^om, and are apt to mike tbe cream acid. It will prodace aa ioferisr hunter.rThe square box-churn is o&e of the bcd# and mostOf the three breeds on the stage,. for the 'ood con- sumed, tbeMerinod yield the most wool, the Cotswolds the most mutton, and the South Downs mutton of the best quality.hud originated in a cross of the short-born with the West-Highlanders. It has many of the characteristics of the short-horn; is, next to it, the heaviest feeder, and its'great milking properties, he thinks, due to thatIbere have i>een 18 convictionH at this term of the Court of Oyer and'1 ernmer, viz:Monday next, at 2 p. m., when the last opportunitywas to be embraced or forfeited by Mr. Baker, ofelicited. Tbe losses of property on the Lakes durhur the year 1859 amounted to- $1,020,100—being loss o»qu>ci(ly attpJeSibJe, so as to make them fi; t > me to send butter to market or to the exnibttiou, dissolve •common or bicarbonate of soda in boiling w a v r , a* much.a* tbe water »i-l dissolve, tskiog water euough to fill ttie boxes, and at the rate of about a pound for a 32-pouno butter box. Pour the water m upon it, aud let it stand over oigut, and U may be used tbw next dayBritish breeds piove the Cotswold as Riving for the food tbe most wool and mutton; the Smthdown the least yet so'-d in Smichfield—the Southdown brought thiee cents per pound the most, so that the results as to profit were equal.The Southdown is eminently fitted for the light lauds of New-England, and when sheep husbandry shall have attained its proper place it will be fonad as afieldp. Some public spirited farmers in Kentucky have bave b<-en aeqrjitred; in each case the iicceai'ed havine oe«n of recenty imported some of the breed, and will give it 'bi»d charac*er, and the aggressor, end his death occasioned by iu- juries received in falling when knocked down by a blow ofwithout fea« of its taioting 1 ha butu r. A deli ;ate batterjnay be made by burjingtbe cream in a c'otialoot chief instrument in that result, and their flocks will,—• —PRA YER FOR COLLEGES.Yesterday being tbo day appointed for prayer forColbges, a congregation assembled fwr that purpose intre O. S Presbyterian Church m Fi'th avenue, ofwhich the Rev. Dr. Phillips is pastor. An adorsss was•detp in the ground, and leaving it £or twelve hours or more.ctvpr a thousand hills.Prof. B. S'liiman, jr., followed Mr. Gold in a lectureupon the subject o Meteorology, on this occasion de-voting the hour mainly to a description of tbe severalCheese has been used from a r«note antiquity.ItThis w^as a motion for a re-argument of tais case, deii«ered by tbe Rev. Dr; Hoge of the Brick Cburch.which was beard last year. There is notning of particular inter- He character zed colleges as.enarep, dangerocs pUces, est in the case itself. It is worth mentioning, however, that itWUH argued by Judge Bonner for th« defuDd^nts before the io which young men, if destitute of tbe grace of God, Judges of the bench of which he himself is a member. He is a were liable to fall under temptation; BO a so were party to the suit. Mr. Hawiey argued tne nution for the boarding schools. The remedy—the only ten edy wasvanities are almost iufini'0. This most important* kinds of barometers, and giving a general idea of the fbranch of Ameiican indu«»ry, the management of t&e isothermal lines, and the distributicn of cult'va eddair;T, involves the in vesta: ;nt of a vast amouat of cap'fal, tbe aggregate metitsof which depend largely apoa 'individual judgment and skill; aid a.y acditicn, however snail, to the value p<-r pound of the butter aud caeeee, would aid vastly to the material wealth of tbe diiry- n.an, and of tbe country at lar^e. Tfatse articles are generally the laet of oitber the luxuries or the necessa- ries of life, in which city customers are diposed topiaintiflaCUAMBKEE—FBB. 23.—Before Justice BOWKBT. the grace of.God, which coulc only be secured by in- give bail in $1,000 esch to answer. Mr. Reynold*, a DECI3ION. cessant clamoring at the throne of graca in pr tyer. Iteconomize. They must and will have a g >od articte,aad are ready to pay for it in proportion, to its good- ar.d fal ing-in will oe absolutely unavoidable one timeShort-Horn of our time; and we are bouud to respect the beautiful, for we Bpend at least ten times as much foritasweaoforthepurelyutilitarian.In this case the eounse.l proceeded to argue on the "tVhy BO few candidates for the ministry were fur- meritsofth*motiontoconfirmtbereportofth<«refe.eeallowing nished by the cities1" Mostofthem were sons of alimony to Mrs. Forrest, and the motion for a final decree upon minicters or elders. It was time for laymen to beginTbegreat1icetyandpatiencerequiredtoprodace a Srst-iate qualny of buner a:;d cheese, and tbe gmda- al y-h>creasmg"aversi"n of our farm«r«»' wives and daughters to manual labor, have caused in some dis- tricts the butter and cheese dai.-iea to give place to mere m>lk production: and sometimes low prices and cos* of tranpporUr'lon to ruaiket havf- prevouted the farmer from real'7.;ng a profit. Poor butter is at alt times a -irug in the market, and as the bestcau only be got by the most careful painatakin^-. Mr. Flint suggested Tt-.a*. by imitating tne •'Dairy Associa ions," or -" fr-Kiiir.rr.*" of tbe Swiss Cantons, New-Eugbxnd-with ano'Jber will a given pressure of atmosphere uponi»,theinventorhasarrangedonthe coveracom- bination of delicite levers touching the sides aud with a fixed point in the center, the motions of which work a pouter around a graduated dial, or clock-face. The air has been exhaustedMr Chly lllutttrared his .remarks with the aid of a the verdict of tbe jury. The court-room wis crowded with to surrender their sons to the service of their Goi.large painted sketch of one of his Short- Horn cows, ppee.alors, who listened attentively to tho addresses of thecoun- Tie presses of this wicked city, wore teeming with in-which was suspended at the bact of tho platform. He sel. For ploiutifl', Chas. O'c'onor;. for defendant, John Van Bu- fidelity and bl8spheaiy at the proseno time, hemeirg at tbe Tabernacle, corner of Broadway and Thir- ty-fourthstreet,onthe expulsion of the mi-sionarioa and the p oppecw of Freedom in tbe .Slave btate*. Tbe Rev. J. P. Thompson, D. D., will also addressthe meeting.Mr. George B. Denny, of 27te Dayton WeeklyI ready exiKt cheese manufactories or establish meats,&.c, is utteny unreliable; for, the pressure of the ab- juoepbere at divt-rs higbts is different, und the pressure tbat r c i r New-Y ork would make the marcury rise to" foul wea;her," would at a higher place, say on tho •cesfelui and is found to bo a public convenience. That prairies, stand at " fair." And then, again, it roughly ptin ofth(? Swiss plan which Mr. Flint tuinks best handled, air will leak intothe iuHtxument, and its value worthy of adoption in new-lvjgUnd, is: To estphsa be utterly destroyed. The " aneroid" barometer (or at a central point IQ a village or neighborhood a datcj - the 'without lluid" barometer) was first invonted by eemblasbmcnt under charge of a thorou^hly-skdllul M. Cerate, a professor at the jErostatical Scnool atmlttting a.burglary on tho promises No 9i.Gouvern**nr street, a lumber yard, on the night of the 2d of Feb., and carrying from the office a quantity of bunk bills aud money, In all amounting to ifcoe. Hla sentence was two years rind four monthsJohn Mulvehi'l pleaded guilty of an assault on Catharine Gor- don of No. It) Pell street, and was remande t until Saturday."William Miller pleaded guilty of forgery oh an order,for $19 in the ca»e of Ma<xaret Burke, charged with poisoning Emily en P, U. II SehuffVr, milkmen, at No. 101 Canal street, purporting</ver>-eer and trained assiaun:.-;, supplied with ail man-ner ot impsoved piessee, vats, churns and other para-phernal^, the completeness of the outfit being regu-late* by the ambmtt of businfcoH to be done. Tmsn>i*rbt be marl* by a joint stock association, or privateIndividoa-fc: the foimer bo;;,g preferabk, for a singleproprietor would a-m to get ht* cord at tbe lowest p -s-#ible price, wiierwas under the jouit stock plan ihe<x»et of manufacture is l*s~«ned a id tbo common proluiiioreaaed. I h e daily furnishes to all subscribers ren-itfot of tbe best q.iahty and require* them t> toi.ow noe-taia dairy mandgement on the farm. At regularinterrais the wagons no absat to collet the Church, to an audience of several hundred persons. curds, and the faVmcr gets his pay either for He commenced by staticg that he had come here as aBeatbam, at a boardhag-houue In Fourteenth street, ex-Jucga O'Conor and Malcolm Campbell app led for her dl8ch«rg«, on the ground that arie hud been nearly a year in prison without boiug brought to trinL . , .to have come from Abram Harmin of No. 38 Christopher street. Miller wus formerly jn the employ of Schaffor. Sentence re- served until Saturday. .John Curly, a lame hunchbacked, crooked, club-footod little Scotchman, pleaded jrviPy of keeping adinorderly hou<>e in W estbeading for a paragraph—one that, in almost any other part of the worii, has become devoid of significance or interest. But, on this changeful island, to how many daily preachings may it not furnish the text!willjiermit. This will probably have the effect of r e - decng the exhorbit>nt gas bills up town, those now rend< red by the Manhattan Gas Compiuy being ex— trtm< ly high. One great difficulty with this Utterthem, or for the cheeae sold.cer the cream could be sent forlike mau-couverdioaprogressive farmer, to lend his aid aud influence to amovoment which he deemed of great importance,, andthe necessity for which he had for years appreciated.We hear it said on every hand, and especially by poli-ticians, ibat farming is a respectable business; but hethought that no amount of honeyed phrases or plausi-Jrito but*er. Or if skim-miik cbeese aod batterwere both made. »>oth crtnm ^nd cordrt would boaont to the central dairy. Allowing the practicabilityof this nl<*n, and* I can sec no great reasons to the con-trary, its manifest saperiori y is, I thin*, apparent.The o«L-7 would become so fdmous for saporior butterand che«*c that an extra price could aljvsv* be ob-tained for them in market. Iutne Canton de \ anduie butter m a l e in these dairy e-ftablishm^nts actually-commaixi in market from one fifth to one sixth mereble talk would make any calling respectable. If farm-ers would be really respeeted, they must rofioe them- justified or excused. To tue charge no exceptions wbitevor"SUPREME COURT—GENERAL TERM.—The non-enu- eky or air will afford his judgment no basis on which shipped as deck handa on a vessel bouud to San Fran-merated causes continued. to pr6o|ict the weather for a dozen hours ahead. cisco by way df Cape Horn. On Wednesday mora- SUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT.—Part II. (Short causew) In the morning there may be a nipping and•per poun1d than that made at the small farms a bout;SUPERIOR COURT.—Part I.—Nos. 275. 583, 441, wiDd will make even his undercoat!a burden.. Be-per poun sand in our country, wbore private wea th w more.'07, 591, 593,- 601, (07, 607J, 505, 411, 609, 611, 613, 615, 46LPart II.—Nos. 412, 484, 124, 246, 1C0, 56, 462. 244. guiled by a blue sky and westerly wiud, he perhaps LOOK OUT FOR FRESHETS—Nearly all the snowEconomy in feeding demands shelter for all sheep, awnotenis'tass food is re-'U-rcd, but also, it is better5,550-which is nay way soiled, is always rejected. Tho improvement in the quality of the man arc for.insroom on their farms.For they had found, and othoru• . ' • " • ' • *".'J- — -^H"*— , i Y i l lpriwmer'etmoktheknifeintofc|«temple«ttrreuthfof68> a« to render It so fast there-thai whh tluee att*asrfn« to* pull it cut mnde bv th* prl-omrr, he waa unable to do ft,anothera»gira>etttofavorofshelter. Thattheisnot'^°«w<»»<?,that^topurchasethematb»?price wwi* lanctav of Iod«p«ad^B0A< and -mbr iro.] la tho CArdiaal feature* oi-Jy le*thlul, but grateful to the sheep at all seasons ?fce lung ron poor * conomy.1 ef the year, we see fo the foot that even in Summer, «f oar F«dw»i CocnUUitloo. Kow. if ibis be •o. WJ! I «^o notPUBLIC MEETJLNU&BOARD OF ALDERMEN.airain In pristine brightoeea, Such are the weathe* ci>aDgee of tbe Atlantic co»««t. Verily, tb« i»bao««*p%er of^Brooklyn Hights hath ohoseo a trying field ia whiokBBgMfcBJtjgg>P»pJ^t'onnofprlnclpuwrunncW«dIntboT>*o-^M* w«wU. a-rcit. in blood iff* bo nrcoMary, m»»hoy would »*y {'f bore to vindicate tb» priceie-a blo-«t.«), tbo 0r«: par«cldal blow tfcat aliau be $5*e» tot *• <H»ooeaibern>«nt or df*trncit->n. WVi «*e h e n to #••» wc *jmp*tbi»«> «n no lawl^* incaniot-a upon th*Jaat »%btte of S^*«-». or i" any riolaUou of tbe k w u d mtraotieiby wblca tbeir inatttntiona and aorowkaty aro npbeld aad ae-cored. And w e a»e here alao to utter onr outaooken deoanciationof flbnt attoeioaa violation of tba provialon io our Coaatitatioovrbiob p • » • ( « * • *to cittee** of enoh State all tbe privtlexea andiorouoKiwi of citia-na in the tever*l State*," in tbe ex-poidoo *x.d baafabment of cldz«na vritbont any allegation of careful feeding and nursing, they can be returned to the the oldest breed of the British Isiea. They are a de- (Micvcs « D W that be one wMoh pra "era Fre*doaa to Slavery, flock. gree larger than the Alderney, are heavy m tho head, ^pd the wpifwioa of a dVaire that all abould thaxe and It is the worst possible practice to allow the sheen to eta not carry out the rump well, but are a very good3M,) widen was a ca*e s-ndWto this in. theinterfereioe between otheri- wl o wcr* engajed ia a conflict, tho • onrt eay, " f there be sufficient deliberation to form design to ta^e life and .to pat tbnt <'e»<i?u into ex»-cutibn by destroying life there is siifliident delll>orati( n to constitute murrser, no mutter whether cho design l>o foiined at tue Instant of striking tbe fatal b'ow, or whether u be conten plated for moml.s i| It is enough that the intention precedes t' a aot, athough that follows Lifltautly." So also in the I V pie Mgt. Sullivan (3 -eldoo, 3fc€>.Tbenominat«mofMr-Ltbbv was then, by a vote of ^ ^ irl f e a r of her life. Her husband was arrested smk-^ " » « TM » » * ~ ^00, to answer, the chargew j Mr. John McGumh*, of Forty.fifth street,-nearO athe lOtbinet., Mrs. Conlan died under rather suspicion. ^rn„m„*n„mnt, M J I * . ! , . . ^ 4 , . ^ « v ^ » circumstances, and her husband w«s taken into custodf-rr. •»•.*«!•lyoaj* * enjoy fce bteaainga. W e are bore f&rtiiomiore to request of our fall away in flesh as the irrasj fails in Autumn. Tinanimal withal. They give rather more milk than the Aldemey, and of a'mostas rich a quality. They are not very heavy in the briskel, and being narrow be-sow in»de on behalf of the prisoner m anvst of judgment ror the terement houses, with the draf< of a bill conferring omhsion of the word " with" in tbe indictment, bofore t,he de power upon the Common Council to provide a remedywhen it was shown that Mn and Mrs. Conlan h*d Jived unhappily together, that both were iutemp«ra*» in their habits, and that deceased had been afflicted with a cough, and was otherwise ailing for some tim*F8 WithI draw oS* | of IrgjM- »<*f eo- «• ->n« of city* Jueh tho •tber tbo <> cr»M> i* tfce ••">*; >£ to eon* lft*- -prohrampe.frotu JJJkrvide&tof tXhO:peop}* •i*ion -.£ ingfo ntion. wou£« I.entirely thatforced ipid will the de» re nloeethat W Ojpon tho ease ia Ibemain- >rs, andttaeer ofline to in- jprto pur- Ttnrenessdorbj^jk con>> effort SO alone,Jr growth: »r your *.y iota." reversaland by [That op->TCC, andreracwny, the Co- the realnations.French*erthat—;eounJry LB to ajprvcui- ©f Pubtte >->**-.h!e '-3*>• di-tricto «ti.ioB be~Po.it, a n 4 rae—ex- ail oar toe manure, o and a coa- vjeompanied snake them, the steady id owners,following aiiroadg iaipt* J>*r KQ- «T. Kr-amssv"45Jto9 •41,398e exhibits, bvd beea > Srwt half ; the great\pta p*7 K*» 101 Prance.20,^9ir.ovemena unlives ia e difficulty ad eotnpa- >ur miner* Trued—the I having a t eiy exceedL,in, »ry deaap- are the ao~ Iscription of. the woupon used by tbe priconer. The ml» ake uevit*ntly a clencal one; but otUl, if material to charging the offense, would be available. T i e clause in tbe indictment reads aafollows: '-That the said Mortia-er ehay a certa-u knife for tbe Sec< nd Police Station Houne. Rote red. wh'ch he. the said Mortimer Shay, in hwiigbt'hand, then andthrre bad and held him. the paid Jihn Leary. in and dp-m theoouui/jmeo in toe Sou in to deaiat from alt further tbraata and .ooasbinatiooa which nenaco diatmion, *sd to a&y to tbe men oincreasing wool conceals the shrinking carcsss, muchfor tbe existing evil.Tne Police Commissioners felred for larger quartersshould bt confined in the w»me yard, while the lon«- wooled will net thrive with more than twenty-five. A hospital, snug and comfoituble, Bbould receive any sheep that may. be weak from *ge or disease, till, bythrive in some degrco almost anywhere with us, but undoubtedly dees best In-districts which are the same isoibermally as its native land.Th* CorporViVn Attom'evcommun^ca'edthat$45»08penalties for violations of Corporation Ordinances h a i j Eleventh gvonue, became riuroty for the accused.io tl e disappointment of the careless flock masters.tbe North, Do nothing and any nothinz that will tncreato o Better confine them in the yard thin allow them t > tween the shoulders, are enabled to move briskly, andinQaam the diacord th»t ia now temporaitly with na. The truth ramble about in search of some fiold of winter grain, are thus adapted to working under the yoke; althoughIn answer to resolution of mqutry in regard to the previous to her dca:h. After investigating the drew*, funs en steamer Ohio, the Street Commioriouer com-and the tight will prevail] moderation wdi »oon prove to be the wb'ch furnishes a little green food, but too light to babaa-biacer of jutrtjoe and peoeo, andali Mo'iooa a»d all partie* wdl, of any real v^Jue.•with patient and wiae c-nnael*. »oon feel tbe geoial glow of Winter fodder should embrace, in addiiion to th horns have oeen tried in Kettuoky, but abandoned, for a$re«£th in on7 re-eatabH*hed fellowship. Oor relatiooa will than dry food, a duo proportion of that which is green aa 1 they djdnot. prove ether famous milkers or ft edors. The b*. io each other, aa thoae thai bound our aaoeatcra in a common succulent. Fii e early-cut clover hay, well cured, that Dt \ on is too small for Kentucky, and for other dis- boitdof uaiou, and t *»» iuaoiiption 00 our oouotry'a banner will from old meadows, consisting of a varioty of grasses, tricts lJie it where there is abundance of heavy rich•i^a be, a» HiioIIMover Und a:.d aoa, A happy, proaperooa, pow- frrms ib'e 1e-t dry fodder. Economy demands that it primage. Tbey do not aim at getting single finious•crfat, and united peopb*.THE' YALE AGRICULTURALNINETEENTH DAY. tPVawa0 « Own Reportar.NKW-HAVJCV, Feb 22, 1860.ooal ty should he good, else much waste ensnes; yettns sheep is very fond of variety, aad almost all of theeo called wee«3s become a choice morsel. The botan st pose.g-unting this motion Iho icdictmeiit would re«d so asto el'argo tho offense. If those words were inoiudcd in a pareuthfkis: " That tho said Moitiaiar Shay (the said Shay th«u holdlug a krife in his hand) did stab, bo.it, str ke. and wound the saidLenry, and givioc unto tbe said Leary, then and tbwre with tbe avenue and Seventh avenue, Amity svreet from Broad- -Guuirs, Conlan's bondsman, hearing of this feeling- koi'e a'oreauid a mortal wound, 4cc." The offeuse is folly stated way to Sixth avenue, Greenwich from J«.y to Canal.LECTURES. kn< ws toll well that a sheep-range will be most barrenmust be provided for the breeding e wos, where they from that cream. Casein moM resembles an mal mu- can be clean, warm and dry. They will seek theth;>n any other. In early maturity they are unrivaled. At twoye-rsold they have been sent from Kentucky to the New-York market in prime condition.for ope so young, but the majority of ca^os that h*d eomc btriore him this term wero commifed by ycun^men H could not help but pity tbe aged lather of the prisoner, who would orobably have pasted from this world bofore the prisoner's punishment shall bsvc terminit* a. In consideration of hisyoutb, and other circumstances in tbe case, the Court wou.d shorten somewhatthe job to be given out by day's work in charge of tbe Croton Department, in which case tbe concurrence of the Controller, it was thought, could be d-spensed with, as it is not necessary to eecure his presence iamilk is eet in a favorable position, on shelves ?ome feet from tho bo torn of the mil«•room, around which a circuia ion of pure air can be had, from twelve to eighteen boora in Summer is sufficient to raise al! the best of the cream rand all that rises, uader ordinary rircumstaLees, afier twenty-four hours,, will deteriorate the quality to a greater extent than h iuc ea?es thetection from dogs. Bells attached to the necks of a diciously, and improved the breed, but.its origin mast few sheen in each flocX deter the cowardly curs, or be sought prior to the days of Charles Colliug's Hub- give warning of their attacks. back. Pel haps it may not be advisable to use them inindictments ogaitst him abould remain ru this Comt. EXClTEMkNT AMONG THE TICKET-SWINDLERS.Mr. LENT r--monstrared against an a'jonroment. The CHAIRMAN OF THE COMMITTER also thought now W88 tbe time when Mr. B*ker should set htmaslfControlkr, giving notice ofvhis instructions to go ahead, and inquiring what the Controller would do in tktsfc case^ The Controller replied that not only-would he hold the aggref sors responsible for removing the chaiwi and rpening tbe Park to vehicles, but he would refuse to pay a farthing out of the Treasury for grading aodfrsah gathered, to the various domesticated animalu Hories ate 262species, aud rejected-212; cattle ate 276 species, and refused 218 while sheep took readily 337,ao ong the neighbors, became alarmed, and yesterday. be thought owing to a cross with the Glamorgaus. complained. The cases sited by the prisoner's couusel are none Eighth avenue, ard Broome from Broadway to the ofassa-.lt and battery preferred by his wife, MoGuinisaWinter a small sheep, while larger ones may take three times the amount.NEW-YORK DAIL^ TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY M I860.*mj.,A%^uriofAldermenheldweatedmeetinglast toeiiSilcifi**hismysticpriophetiapowers. *^1';_>'-esrdentPECKintbechair,The Norfotk-atffiet Baptist Cburch, with fixtores, oc*to-oi^i*, Mr. Frwddotit, to^»«ort. in tb« pr-«*DC* of «*cb o^bor, window will answer for a very small number, but the Normandy, but has been improved in the' Channel AtteV tb* blow he gave bad been ratnrn-d, be oursued frio de- favor of estfiMfah^ a *"* ftomeome point m Jersey cupj ing a lot 73x100, was sold yesterday to C. £L* ceased; he threatened and attempted to atao Kirby, who iriter- City to Ihe fool of C&S1 btreo<" deferred to the Com- "Webb for $18,700.and to eto« the a»**rtlot| broadcast to too -wit*. oard«««rtvu crowdiig of a largo flock in tuohra place afibets the Islands, aid is greatly superior to what it formerly fe-ed. He again pursued the deceased while runoiog, aod noto O m v p r i i - c i ^ of our fWtbw. wolc'i INHH-W! thi# organs of resp»r»iioH, and may result in eerious dis- w&s. It. is a picturesque-looking animal in appearance, struck such a blow an no ono would have struck in such a place mittee on Feiriea. . .. . . .stoim, if they aie whhm their reach. tbe .<ury. whether the prlKoner, before striking the l«itblo«r, remarkstothofiveleadingBritishbreeds—TheAlder- badformed>bedeterminationtotaketheHroofthpde-Vc7t(iiGf>on ia of paramount importance, as con- ncy 01 JVrtey, the Aymui»e, the Devon, the aereforfj, ceased? Tbe facrn, in my judgment were fully Bafficient tojwar- <b«y *db*«od io tb» »dxnini,tr*cloo ot U» affairt for a loo$ a**i<« of nected wi'h shelter; and to injure this, sheds, open to ano tbe Short-horn. In size and weight the Aldemey raptsaid co»clu»ion b e wua tho aggressor. He used a kuitetainiyataadl&gOJ>OBtb*tjtroondorscupVdbyW««bta«too»*lbl« eetenapoTwrten ax tbf» fo*s>ft«ton of too Oo-<renj^.e»t, w>d to whichA TV,^U»«2» ,,s received from th« Wayor, transmtttlnrr y»«r» folW>«r hag tbeadoptjoa of tbc Con«ti««,«'*P- xv" w * h c , r ° the ponih, ate io be pie'nred. A stable with an open is tbo smallest; It is supposed to have come from w i e n the deceaeed Lad none; he opened tho knife fei.rotly. a a S K S S T ^ ^ **«* 0*y Common. Coucc !, fiUnion into Mfo, and * • an» boro to pled^o oor un- ease, snd should never be tolerated.4ytof effona to iia aoiport, maictonanc*, and perpetuity. Tbe bet-t form of rack has posts three feet high in la dbat mohlt wbicb aolcwiwd oor f^tfi^n. '• to ri-k »H nod to the corners, Vbottom of boaids, the sides and ends ofperil att" in tbe e&tabltob»eot of tbia Unioo, we a-o hero to «ay two beardse>»cb, and thcloweronethe widest, withna-- stood tbat by hkiJliul breeding there had been manyiow perpendicular strips nai.'ed on, to k*ep tbo strongersheep from crowding, the weaker. The soaces arehoger in tb^ir perpendicular than their hori/.mtalOj.ti.ing. The size of these, as well as tho width of tity. Taken to the country, it was am active animal, the rack, must be in proportion to the sizo of the sheep. cnpablo of getting a living on scan y pastures. It will Not more than one hu*>dred of tbe fiue-wooled sheepnuebtion to tbe Jmy, nnd tha*. where the proper iu«trac- is Inspector of Vessel*, in place of *>t«r ^^Yr pjhtjplner, rind the jury found th* prisoner gull'y of m'irde<\ theCow sculptured centuries ago upon a marble slab in an od church at Durham. •The short-horn has not only Wattr is absolutely necessary to the thrift of sheep perfection of form, but Bize, fattening properties, and in the Winter. It is best brought into tho yards, as milking qualities as well. In England, Scotland and this country, any dairy which is famous will generally be conipOfcd 01 sbori-horna, either thorougnbred or Salt may be 'provided in Winter by a moderate grades. We may breed out the milking quality, butsaHing of the hay two to four quarts a fcun; but excess- we may on tbe other hand develop it to a great ex-ive salting must "be avoided, as on such neither sheep, tent by careful breeding from milking families: He nor cattle will thrive. has had an animal give 32 quarts of milk daily, and heborne a good character.Tbe pri?oner was sentenced to tho State Prison for two years. Upon taking his seat with the other prisoners, his wife rosefrom her, seat, threw her arms around bio nock, and wept bi'.terly. The scene was very aBecing and even (he hardened prisoners who witnessed iv seemed to be moved.A BOY-MURBERKK.been away to Kentucky the past two weeks, for the purpose of getting evidence.wherewith to csnvncd the Committee that be w-w iu deed and truth a citizen of the Unittd Stales at the time of his election to the cilice.Mr. LENT infisted that Mr. Baker should speak fir bimeeK, &nd ;he Committee were of the same opinion.tion of the 01*7 Hall Park l>ing on the Hue of Book man street extension, to be thrown open and paved for ihe use of vehicles aa proposed by tho Common C-runciL, and partially carried out by the Street Comanisstotier. In o-der to evado the po'icy of the Controller) theanother lair trial; but Mr. Clay believeB the same ua- favorab'e result will follow as has heretofore.Mr. Clay claimed that his favorite breed possessed all tbe essential points 01 .true beauty. Beauty, he thought, was composed of five elements. 1st. Pro- prieiy: That is tne.adaptation of means to au end. Tbe-iml impression of beauty is never conveyed to the cultivated mind if the eye is shocked at seeing an un- sii'tableness of form to the purpose in view. 2d. The elliptical line orthe oval: W^ make ourpicture frames oval becaure that ia the most beautiful shape, and so do we our plats of grass and the loadiog features oi a luniscape garden, while the femalecrops over the continent. He explained at length the face is never absolutely faultless unless it presentsaneroid barometer, as he deemed it the most important the oval form, when viewed in front. 3d, Color: The instrument which could be placed in the band* of the bii^btesr gems are tbe best, and the, greatest luxuri-faimer.- This admirable barometer consists merely of ance of tints are lavished by nature, where Bhe makesa tikht circular biass bcx, the skte-» of which are quite her loveliest handiwork. 4ch, Smoothness of /surface: thick, &nd the cover very thin. The cover is cjrru- The angular form. iB not aomis«ible in a connectionthe n>t.found that with a plate of even thickness tho ris'ng these qualities he thought combined in the perfected.tice MOHCUIB?. tc the attention of Church members, the children of . The R«v. Mr. Rogers, one of the xnjssionarie* THE FORREST CASE.Catharine Forrest agt. Edwin Forrest. tho Chnrcbep, and their families. He inquired cently driven out of Kentucky, will speak this even-was loualy applauded on resuming his seat, as also f r r m t b e b o x before h was h*rmetic>*ll7 scaled, and was-the Announcement by Prof. Jforter that tho secondren, Jaa. 1". Brady,-ano Ex-Judge Edmonds.COURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS—Feb. 23.—Before Re- Lore God agaiust this nation. An allu-uou to "thethere being therefore nothing inside to prevent th<) dUl- plate from bending inward, it does so whonever the outside air becomes heavier, and, of course, springs back to its. old place when that extra pressure is re- moved. Prof, billiman s>»yB unqualifiedly that it is the beet for the farmer's use; and for the scientific man, its portability, and almost total unliability to accident,lecture wioulo be given to-morrow morning.LA W INTELLIGENCE.: • •B E A T H OF A SON OF JUOGK I11T.T0W.Patrick Madden p'eaded guilty of attempting, on the ber of pmiloe in all- parts of the house. Evidently the . Gazette—one of the oldest aud moat influential pipers 3d of February, to break into the iS«.v»nth Precinct Station-Meudon, near Paris, but a Yankee mechanic, Mr. E. Kendj.li, at New-Lebanon Springs, N. Y., has made it much cheaper, and equally reliable as the expensive French ins'-rument. If Mr. Kendall is not a green- horn of the first water ho will advertise it in all the prominent abricnltural papers of the country. •The District-Attorney remarked that ho bad a material vnt-ncis Teniding in Illinois, whose presence he had bean unable to Broadway. In coirriderution of his phytical nolplcssnoss.theHere it ever has a new. and unexplained meaning; Com]>any is the fact, not generally known, that, theCA VIL'SM.CLAYselves, and not wait for it to be done by others. They mubt carry their capital into the country and use it ju- aicionsiv m advancing their farm practice. Taste should be cultivated; and rural architecture, landscape gardening, and other things which rondor a country at-—Nos. ?3«8, 6431 J, 2607, 1636, 8fT70, 2808, 2507, 3046, 26j)7, 3)82, ing, just before the vessel was to set sail, the Harboriietributed, the difieronce woull undoubted^' evenly diter. Oor readers wi 1 recollect that 1 stif^d be greater. Our readers-that Mr. Thomas Motticy, jr., gets 50 cent* per porid for his Aldtrney butter in liostjn, a fact which Huili- ekntly shows that there are plenty of persons ready «n<J willing to pay an enormoas price for a superior aiticle.The ewe of sheep formed the subject of the lecture df Mr. Oold. It aaould ahvyya Ixs the objeo.of the fiookmastcr to ksep his she^p in a thriving condition. The*quality of the wool, as well as its quantity, and:*e general productiveness of tho flock, demand this ev?tem. . >' Hi*M*r is the first necet^ty in providing for Y, mter- ing sheep saccessfnlly. Ti!e Sou-bdowns wi!i b».or expoeare b«iUcr than any other class of sbee >. The open fleece of tbe Long-Woolcd pirts on the back when wet, and admits the water, which completely drenchee the animal, so that his abundant fleece h< no longer a protection from cold. <•were eo ser.-iible of tho profit dorivable from improved ttruck at Kht'v with the anifo, who jumped opt of the way,sua stork, that they woidd no longer purchase commou the prisoner then followed tho dot-eased. -One oi MBbrothers called out to him to take care, or he would be killed, preserved from *»aste. Water-soaked h*yf or th-i^ scrubs at any price, nor even give them standing and, aa the deceased looked round, to see hw danger, theBROOKLYN CITY COURT.—NOP. 33, 47, 50, 51, 52, ventures out in February without his wonted olo<tktractive, should especially be fostered.great object this Convention had been called, thinks to the sagacity and enterprise of Prof. Porter; and although it would have been perhaps more convenient to him^ Mr. Clay, if it had held its seraion ia Kentucky, yet it being in Connecticut he was willing to come hither; for what tonded to promote the advancement of New-England farming was as dear to his heart asf it were especially pointed at Kentucky interests. It is the sheerest madness for farmers to drain their farms and invest their funds in stocks and bonds, for the application of capital to farm improvement would Kive as large comparative profits as it would in any o-her bu«-ness. The introduction of better classes of farm stock, Mr. Allen bud told us, would add from 40 to 60 millions of dollars annually to our wealth If we took this sum f<r a few years and applied ^ to farm,To further thisalong the Hudson has disappeared before the drenching- rain which fell all day Wednesday and the following- night, and the skighing is entirely destroyed. The wator runs in torrents down the streams aad creoke;improvement, what matrnificcnt «suits would boat- The ceceaaed continued to ilee, and Shay waa approaching thy tailed ! Through the interior of Kentucky the farmers deceased when Kirby run in between t»'era. . The prisoner*.;..;$ 17,300 telling! us anew the oft repeated story that "one 20,300 swallow does not make a Sammelr." For au hour theTrather ilian a strictly beautiful ono. Those which be if ho had not determined to take lire In Snorter's c««e, tho Tho MAYOK Bert in a fcOmmnmcatiorj nominating L N8ATi«FACT0Ry VERMCT.—Alxrut three weekahad seen were mostly owe-necked, sway-backed, high Court of ,fi opcsls held that under such a sta»e of f^cts, the James S L>bbj as President- o>" the Cr-ton Board, in ago, Mr*. Catharine Con'an, then living }n Fiftietkcuestfrn whether the homicide wn» justifiable or not cratd plsee of Myndert Van Schafck, arxd - ,.in the withers, full-bellied, aud ^aunt. But he under- tot arise, aDil there was »-o color even for submittiug that Andrew Sheehaa: . _ c it;wtTr iyiHceded, gives tbe richest of all milks,Jbut li'Ue in quan-The Devons are sappoeed to be brought to England with the Celts, and are, perhaps, righ'iy regaroed asbe*n received in bisbureuut ia J&*TM?. ,One thonsa'd copK-s of the Central Parfciteportwere ordered to be printed.mils-eie in his State, for they keep many animals,-arid a lit le milk from several is fully adequueo to their pur-Buttery place to Courtlandf, Eighth street, Greenwich tbtt he had killed his wife by beating her. Mr. Me-The Hereford ho does not deem an original breed,of tbe objects of hi* search. The immortal tested the for they weie formerly of a dun and dark color, aud the weapon with which the death w&u effected, the iudlctuieat Third avenue from Bowery to Forty-'burth, Canaldred years ago; and he was of the impression that it his deputies, aad a squid of tbe Sixth Prtcinct Police, under command of Cipt. Dowling.CONVENTION or THE LAKE UNDERWRITERS —At the Annual Convention of Lake Underwriters, now It was finally agreed to hold another m<etinjr on ^being held in this city, the following facts haye boomTbe celebr&ted experiment of Laves and Gilbert in part of its parentage. Carried to our poorer pastures, Mani-iauKhter; 3o degree.. ."•. 5 forgery 1sn «rnplr>vpe oi the Manhattan Gas Company aud itis alleged* by his opponents that hie nomination, as theMoz<.rt,-HoJl coudrcatefor Councilmao, wasseMred for daily section. bim by Ex-CounciTmau (now Alderman) PhAt, witht*e underbtaod ng tbat be, in turn.ii'hnnld ube his iuflaence amongtbc" roughs" in Mr. Piatt's favor and tba.his election was effected by the influence of the Gaseconomical forms. To prepare new batrer-boxes as England on 50 sheep •ach of the most celebrated' tbe Ayrshire does not thrive as well as on its native 'J wo penons charged with manslaughter in the fourth degre*>Court-room v/aa denVeiy crowded with Kpoctitorn.THE W E A T H E R . — Here is a trite and distastefu will proceed with their work as soon as tho weath«rwere taken, and tho Jurt wa« also cbu'ged as reouested bv theprisoner's cnmsel on all these points. There can be, there-fore, no ground for. asking a new trial for "errors of law in theJudge's charge. The only question, therefore, proper for ineto consider upen this motion la, whether the facts- as provenwill sustain the verdict finding the prisoner guilty of muidor.1 feel very much at a IOMHto draw any distinction between thiscaw and that of Shorter, 2 Conest. 103. In that case thepaitiea engaged hi a sudden affray in the street «Noone Interfered. After aevoral blown" tho deceased discoveredtbat 8horter had a knife and retreated. Tbe prisoner followedhim, sud blows po»se<t biiween them until be got to the middleof the road, when the deceased fell and died. There was nopositive evidence of blows by the prisoner with a knirc; butupon evidence thai the prinoner carried a knife, and that tho of counterfeit *2 hill* of the Mercantile Bank of this city. In- aecc:wed had several wounds on his body given by a knile thoprisoner was convicted of murder, and tnar conviction was sus-tained; In the present case, tho evidenoe p.^oinst Shay is at amore positive character, and if the case of Shorter was one jus-tifying a charge of murder, there can be no doubt but that thofacts in this case would warrant a pimilar verdict. The decea«eaand one Smith were ouarreling, and Shay interfered. He structthe deceased the flratblow on the head j this blow was returnedby tbe deceased, who then retreated, followed by Shay. Buaysecretly opened hie knife, which ied tho deceased ogam to striae iec«ived the good money in change. James Palmer wan also ar- Shay and again to retreat. Therols evidence that the deceased a.mud, eploeh, ice-cream mixture and discomfort, butclear and piewant overhead. Wednesday, what a and it is very probable that the river will bo openUot time had no throe in his hand, and some evidence from Cor- bel that be had a knife. The lat-er evidence, both from tbe char- acter ard the appe trance of the witness 1 think the jury mte;bt have very properly refused to believe. Tbe, question of fact arUing thereon waa lea to the jury". After this Shay struct at the deceased with the knife, and cut htm in the face with it.found a considerable number of the now counterfeits. oners were all held for examination.The pris-hand, bringing tender and careseing tokens of tho com- ing May. But, even while it whispered of tho soft, sensuous 8prirgtime, to the listless loungers o f the 15 wn,the Mohawk, as we'd as here and down the river. A t the same time, the snow has melted rapidly, and it is feared, unless a sudden change of weather occurs, thafe a disaeirons freshet will result."Untitled Document' i U e *1 ' Mm J! l J avenue, made oomplaint before • tion* wero given to the Jury between murder and mm- The question was divided, and SheOhau confirmed msgMrato tl>ather husband was ixr tbe habit atbeatinfindividuals of the bieed made up to a symmetry anddevelopment quite creditable. The Aldemoy, be con- judfrmem fhou d be anim od. In tho People agt. Clark (3 *eld**n, by a vote of 13 to 3. ; and abusing her in a dreadful maoner, and thatsh*rather light for heavy draft, and hence they have beenimproved by a cross of the short-horn. The long- malice aforethought, did beat, strike, (.tab, cut. an-l wound, giv- muiiicuted that she wou.d toon be removed by herforehead. Ui.en nnd there willfa iy and feloniously, and of hisjtancee attcr/ding her death, the Jury came to the oon-owners. Ilusicn that Mrs. Conlan died of disease of the heartyA Iarae number of reeolntions to pave streets with and npon tbe rendition cf tbio verdict the prisoner ws*ing onto the soid John Leary, then and thero, with the knife aforeia'd, in and upon >he forehead of tbe said John Leary orie mort«l wound," tic I cannot conclude thst the onisiion of the word "with" before the words •'a certainwithout tbe word omitted; and ahhongh l* la necessary to nameplants most indigenous tc Sweden by offering them, are now white faced and throated; a peculiarity whicb sufficiently shows it, notwithstanding the omission of tho word from Centre to Went, Bl-ecker from Broadway to •v\jhea Cun'an was called in Court to answer tbe chargeo' tbem applicableto this case. They relate to cases whore the Their greatest in eriority wk e that tbey were miserable defect was in charging the offense; here it is merely in relation milkeis; a vejy bad fault, for there are doubtless a to tbe weapon wi*h which the offense was committed, aad inBowery. These reports were all adopted.Tbe Committee on Lsnds and PI-tees reported iucame forward and surrendered tne accused, desiring to-"We harp bad, to-day, a very interesting fteadioo, the and refused only 141 species. For fattening, add to' thousand persons who- wish a milking animal to one that respect tho objection is remedied by the sub.equent pat of favcrof planting fchade uses aud erecting benches in be released from the bonds. Justice Connolly com-tbe hay roots, grain, or lince^d, or corton-eeed me tl. who wants to make beef. The Hereford, as compared the count, in the indictment, which charges «xpre»«ly th <t the Tompkine pquare. .Adopted. pled with hisreque&t, and taking charge of the prio- several lectures bejeg replete with go< d points, and Tbe Eugli*>h system of Winter feediog on turnips in wound was eiven with toe fcnl e and that of such wound theaooie of them especially wonhy of coanideracion. Toe the field, is here prevented by excessive cold. Use with the Short-horn, is coarser in the shoulder and prison*r di»d. It seems to me tbat tbe offen.e is fully charged The application of Hp*e Company No. 5 and Engine oner, committed him to tho Tombs to await a furcher thicker in the hide, beside wanting that genoral sym- in the indictment; notwithstanding the omission .of tnis word; Company 7 for Bteam lire-engines was granted, oaleotorera were &t>verai)y. Mr. "Fliot, on the dairy basi- them in the yards in moderate weather. Sadden metry which characterizes their great rivals. A good and if so, it beeouio« a mere error in matters of form, which is repor> ot Committee on the Fire Department. investigation of the circumptances connected with tbJ»neee; Mr. Gold, on eheep, and ProiVnaor 3illi(nAn, jr. .chanpes ficm green to dry food, and tho reverse, handling quality of hide is highly prized oy.thc butcher, cured by tho statute.- Aid. BRADT stated, in answer to some doubts as to death of his wife. Justice Connolly intends to reope*. should be avoided. Regularity in thehouis of feeding for a mellow, spongy skin ludicaies a good quality of THF. FULTON BANK CASE. their necessity that the steam fire-engine of the Mao- the caee, and to receive such affidavits as the neighbor*CaeaictA M. Cl&y lectnree thia evening, bat not- natil is very impottant. beef, and "hat well "marbled." In this important The counsel in tbe ca se of Line not being ready to hattan Company bad saved more property iu two may chcose to make. after tbe departure of the mail. I will gend a fall re- Tbe amount of fodder varies >»ith the kind of sheep, feature he had four.d the Hereford deficient. He was go on with their motion for: inew trial, the matter was do/arrcd hours than all the steam fire-engines which would everport to-morrow. though it is not directly proportioned to tbe live weight. a« are that this breed is a favorite with butchers, but fii'k, said Mr. Flint, aa the first product of the cow, Tens-mall fine-woolod sheep will eat as mush as a cow. thouj. ht it great,y due to tne fact that it lays on i'sfat in 56oompoeed of an oily substance, which gives it its tbe 'larger ones requiring more. 2 to 2J or even 3+ patches en the inside of the csreass, and thus goes into Friday morning. • be bppl'ed for could, coet.• THK MC DEL ARTISTES. After routine business, the Board adjourned to Mon- JohnMcCne, who killed Samuel Ke^ves in a quarrel d8v next.BROADW A T CLEAN —A largo number of scavea^w* were sgsin at work on Broadway last night. That thoroughfare being now tolerably passable, will notriehnew, of a ca*eous or cheeky substance, which givesit ti» strength, and of a ecrous or watery substance,-which roait-e it refreshing as a beverage; with a scnall•per cent of tbe live weight, in hay value, is estimated oy different authors as daily required.the " nth quarter" as the butcher's perquisite.The Shori-born he deems an original, and not, as gree, was juiaigLed for sent mce.No other animak except calves should lie in the popularly supposed, a created breed. , They vary: The Judpessid thero was no reason to look upon this 1'ghtly. eid not require him to u*e. The practice in.mlged in by youngCONTESTED SEAT IN THE BOARD OF COUN- the City Inspector turn to and exhume the other streets CIL WEN.peroecd>g* of sugar, ot milk,'to whicn it owesiUstveeL yards with sheep. The losses from fhe horns of steers much, it is true, in color, but these variations am well Tbe prisoner we* in po**oes on of a fiirk-knit'e. which hie tradeThe Special Committee appointed to decide the dis- of the city 7 If the gutters were only cleaned out a*4 neee, aud a alight proportion of alk.d.!ine and the h»e.ls of colts more than balance any supposed defined, and evermore repeated. He had never seen a n-eii of ea,T\i»g deadly weapons wan highly repf«lwn»lole, and pute between Messrs. Baker and Lent, aa to the right tbe icy mud broken up, warm rains and softening sun-enbetancee, to which are dao its medicinil gain. As the breathing of the sheep on the hay does real short-horn without tome patch of white on; it. The fbould bo puniched Bovertly by tne officers of tho law. The of reprepenting the Vllh Senatorial District in theprow'jtJea. tJuder the microscope, r. appears to not of itself render it distasteful to cattle, it may be phis ognomy of the race is the same as in olden times; prisoner was sentenced to the State rrinoit for nineteen years Counel Boara, bold another meeting yesterday after-4>e hlle-d with mjiiads of li-;le roucd ^lobu'e^, which ga'hcied from the rocks aud fed in another inclosare. a lact vihieb he thought demonstrated in their resem- und six months. noon. This was the Bixth meeting, and Mr. BAKER, blockade, carrying off into the sewers the filthy ac-float in the watery substance, atd which ri*e to tue euiface in the iorm of croam, the largos; particles r»icg firbt acd being the richest in buuer. Toa.10 globule* are tbe batver particles su^rout.del with a cbeeey fi'm, and the object of churumg is to break tbis aim, or coating, and to dise gn^e tne outt»-r part'.clea.ter in composition, and in nn^riuve quanties. Tac necessary seclusion in the open field.It is estimated that 300 pounds of good hay will b'an'ce at this day.to the outline of an old Yorkshireshine would soon relievo the streets of the Winter SCEfiE IN COURT. the present incumbent, made his appearance for the cumulations of months in a few hours.William Hutchinson, who pleaded guilty of man- firr-t time. slaughter of John Roe, was brought up for sentence.Mr. Asbmeud submitted! papers to show that tho homicide Counselor MCCUNN, the mouthpiece- of Mr. Baker, THE STREET ACROSS THE PARK.—The Controller was the result of accident, and uau tho prisoner ha i previously nlc/'.-ded earnestly for au adjournment. Hi« client had still adhers to his determination not to allow tbat por-"Martin Toole, the boy 17 years of age, wbo pleaded As the lambing season approaches, snug quarters believed the breed will make more butter and cheese guilty of maz>HlaUttnter, in causiDg the death of Jeorge W. Church,Mr. BAKER at length involuntarily rcie and took up Common Council have p-tssed a lesolution dice-itingthe gauit'et on bis own account. He asked for a week's adjournment, in order to give hiui time to pre- pare 'O meet the charge of not being a ci'izemwas placed at tho bar for Benrenco.The Judge said tba'. the pri»onorwas guilty of ahciuoosoffen3oLittle can be hoped from legislative action as a pro- before he began to breed for himself. He had bred ju- State I'lieon for twelve years and six monebs.lnibeca--eof Her,ry Karplea. jr., the Judge decided that therichest and most delicate butter is mtCde from creamwhicb has not av>od long on the milk—the cream tuatTittee firs; u.Hkii»g a fir swe«terund be'ter quility ofbuuer toan 1bat. which has atood a long time. If the even more may be raised. had bought fine animals wuerever he could find them' the term of imprisonment. Tbe prisoner was sentenced to the was a member of the Board, and intended to rom-uu so. Croton B:ard yesterday sent a communication to theThe incrense from a flock of merinoes, Saxonv ewes,which raTply twin, may be from 80 to 100 per cent, short-bom famly lad been created by Charles and while in the Southdown or Cotswold, 150 per cent, or Robert Colling, for Celling himself admitted that heBe w«e not of thoeo who aomhted that the improvedSheep washing, shearing, and rolling tho wool de- New-England to the exclusion of other cattle; but made fay him, detaining senienced priionera. At this announce-mand caietul attention. Uueases come mostly from throughout'the whole interior of this country, where ment, Frank Fowler, convicted of ticke'.-Bwtndl-ng who wascarelessness, and prevention mnet be our resource. tbe cl.mato is fair and the pasturage good, they would, among the prisoners, appeared to be much crest-falloa. Visions bT Sing Sine probably appeared before him. There was. indeedspecially set down for the purpose of hearing him on his own case, j 'M \ MCCUNN again rose to speak in behalf of his client. He (Mr. Bakerj had no, toe ability t.i come befVre tbe Committee and ppoak rt-r himself in th'S mat'er, and Mr. McCunn ask»-ri tbe jindulgence of the Committee. Mr. Baker might be capable enough other-quantity. This is an important practical point, aud The age of the sheep is determined'by the teeth, but y» they had in Kentucky already, run out any other of a great tribulo ion among the tlcVct-swindler* prenent, whoought to lead to the moat careful experiment* on the such irregularities arise in these as well as in other •part of daiiymen, who have been ac^ostonied to let animals, that tbe Connecticut State Agricultural So- their milk r.uu.d for thirty-six and even forty-eight ciety have decided to receive satisfactory testimony asthe leading b/eeile which might be placed in competi- sought out Fov ler'fl counsel, ex-Recorder Smith That gentle- tion with them. man obtained en or^er from the Supremo Court, Oen-r»i Term, staying i»l! procecd'ngs tL'l VVednejdiy next; the case to be arguedpaving the extension.'' -The Ayrshire is essentially a modern broed. At onlWoDdaj and deciocd VVecnesduy.hours. An ordinary house-cellar is v»ry rarely a suii- to toe age of any animal, rather than to depend on" the least there was no such breed famous in Ayr a hun- The prisoner i wo.-e then-eHcorted to the Tombi by the SherirT, v*iw*,.but lacked the ability to come befoie the Com-growing out of a difl5culty between tboirwivor, who are modalurtibtes, and wbo pleaded gudty of monshiughter hi the first de-The Judge directed tbe Clerk to revoke all orders r'gbt, if he were right, as this meeting had beanMurder........2 Mar.fliiught.or, ,4*.h degree.... 1 2 Felonious Assault and Batt.y. 3AJacsluugh'ur, let deg'ee.provjug himself a citizen, if he were oue.Mr Baker spoke with a decided Jbrogue. Ha was steam bulls, $169,405; loes on cargce-, $182,130; log*on sail bulk, $331,238; loss on cargoes, $337,327. Lornof li'e, 105 persons. The Convention continues ia.*Msntlaugbter, 2d deK'eo..... 2 false Pretensos 2• .SXTPBIBTE COTJKT—SI-KCTAI. TC«.K—Fun. 2*,NOTICE. 'GIET-BOOK RANNEY—Mr. Adolphus Rarmey, the* founder of the great gift-book bumbug, wlo was ar»- reeted last week, charged with having obtained money nn-ier fnlee pretenses, has been held to bail to await- tre action of tie Grand Jury. There were six coos- pldints made againet him by young Germans, all of whom charge him with having Induced them to p a yhim from $50 to $150, he promising iu return %» furoisfc >hem with rituations, and refund tbe money at the en<l of tix momhs. Aftergettingtheir money, Mr. Raosey suddenly cut their acquaintance. On five of the com- plaints Jnstice Quackenbueh required the prisoner to>;fhom, J.,') muiit be filed on rr before Saturday. 24rjj ins . It mu*tbe stated on the notes'whether they are domurror or not demur- rerGBMB&A£ TaUtK—y»B 23.—Before Just-ices SoTHBBXAim, A U . B R and LBONARU. ''CURIOUS LEGAL PROCEEDING.Henry A. Evar son «t al. al. agt. Mary Ann Given et aLNotes of irjrue for the March Soecbd Term (lugra- Company.32 to 5, referred to tbe Special Commrttee in ch.Vge Of Dr Bradford 'INCKAJIAM, J.—In tbi* caeefthe pri oner h*s been tried, and Tbe Corporation Counsel communicated that be had to await tbe verdict of the Coroner's Jury. Coroner convicted of marder. No objection was taken on the trial, ocprevious theie'o, to the for«n of the indiotnu-nt A mo<loa Is transmitted tc the Legislature a memorial in regard to j gcbirmer held an inquest en the body of th<» dece«a*LB+lgian pavement were presented and rofetred to the diecharged It se+ms, however, that tbe verdict of tho kni'e" is such a defeat in sub-ta co as .to warrant Commi tee on Streets.Ihe Committee on Streets repotted in fivor of Jory was far frxm ea*isfactory to tbe neighbors, who pavng wuh Belgian pavemont Greenwich street from were loud in their denunciations of Conlan, averringThe CHAIRMAN aeked Mr. Baker whether he had his paperf showing" h'm to be a naturalized citizen.Mr. BAKKR declined answering any questions. He awarding a contract. Tbe Acting President of thoHarris Brown agt Eliza Brown.—Soport confirmed, was to be remembered tba', these were tin iustitu- relative of the accused, became his surety. The papers,gaied in circles, to give it strength. Tho cover is whh the Uubject of tbe Beautiful; and roughness is and judgment ordered. tiens which furnished mimsters of the Gospel for poor will be sent to the Grand Jury immediately.made so thin that it may rise and fall with the varia- meroly apgularity infinitely multiplied. 5th, Pri>por- oymg sinners, and missionaries for the benightedtions in the atmospheric pressure; and, as it has been tion,. or the Harmonious Arrangement of Parts: All SUPERIOR COURT-SrKCiAn Txuw—FBB. 23.—Before Jus- beatben. The General Assembly had also commended•\prayer was ranch needed to avert the judgrxents of the corder BAUNAKD vice of attending opera," caused a considerable num-mBouse for the purpose of rescuing a felon named McDonald, with whom be had been on terms of intimate friendship. Tbo cell occupied by McDonald, was on tho Front-st. side of the building, and opened in that dlrec ioa by a w'ndow. M«dden was found filing one of tbe if on bars at about 6£- o'clock iu theopera WHSa tender chord.In tbe evening an address waa delivered in the Fame place, and for tbe same object by the Rev. Dr. Gieen of Princeton. Collections were taken up at the close of each meeting, for Dr. Phillips said that almswere neceaeary as well as prayers.CITY ITEMS.s»in South-Western Ohio—is in town for a few days,. willing to extend the circulation, and advertising of kis journal among our merchants. It is one of the boot. mediums in the rich and populous Miami Valley. H emay be aidreesed at the St. Nicholas.CHEAr GAS IN PROSPECT.—The Metropolitan Oaa Company having obtained a grant from the Commoe. Council, to lay their pipes throughout the entire cityr.3357, 3023, 2369. 2681. 2298. 3040, 3014, 2181, 1U10. 3045, 30C9 an eager air. Down town ho labors, wrapt in3071, 3'00, 2929, 174£, 2632, 1G50, 1971, 2^68I 907, 2535, 2675, 2028, Police found the truant youths on shipboard. 493, 1JJH5, 2415, 1875. - furs and woolens; before night a warm south were yesterday sent back to their J friends.T a e y67, 50, 09, 60, <J3, 65,fcC,18, 22, 26, 32, 5, 10, 12. 17.and umbrella, only to catch a graveyard cold from tha drenchmg an easterly rain will give him in the after- noon. Look at tho weather of the present week!COUNTERFEIT BILLS.—On W ednesday nipht an at- tempt was made by a gang of rx-unterfeitern to put out a qaantltyformation waa telegraphed from Hetdquartors to oh the pollco stations and the-officers wore accordingly on the lookout, and shopkeepers woro notified. At the Yolks Garden, in tho Bowery. Cborlcs Hanlon was arrested, he having passed one of the bills on ono of the proDrieters of the Garden StUl later, William Smith was arrested at No 87 Howard street, while iu the set of pueshvg one of the bills. On searching him, beside considerable worthless money, several dollars in silver were found, going to show that ho had disposed of hi« oounterfelt andSunday, the enow lay ten inches deep, and the aar waa into the river, aad, if the warm weather conunues **cold as'Nova Zombla. Monday and Tuesday, all was day or two longer, a freshet ia inevitable. Ia sianyrested,charged with the same offiense,and in his possession wereambrosial breath of the South came over this chillier learn that rain fell yesterday all along the Valley offSALES OF REAL ESTATE AT AUCTION, Feb. 23 —By there came a fierce whirlwind, and a sharp, quick rain,Adrian II. Muller:Houte and lot No. 57 Worth-at., 25x100Ilonse andlo>. No. 43 White-st.i 25x100House DUO let No. 2«1 .William »t., 27x«9House ami 11 yeur«' lease of lot No. 39 Wh'te-nt Hcu»eand 11yoais'luiti-oof lot No. 41 White stBttOOKL YS PltOl'BltTY .H&uiie WlU lot ^0,171 LdvinSHtou-at., 19.6jt*W.7. ,,..«••••11,000• -4 C <J i vpeace waa once more declared, andihe BUS.broke forth0 209 We*t Fortieth,rtxoet,during hex alaojw©, « • O "^furioufl driving gale and deluge in honor of Washing-ton's birthday. And yesterday, the worm, bulmy, kill. The Albany Argua of yesterday says: " W "BURGLARIOUS BUUISKR —Yesterday morning a tWof -" H'.OOO floods descended, and the windaj raged, until, at last, entered the apartment of M a Ami McAdam, at No,•/..•—T'* T-qrowplaces on the ice in the Tiver the Iwater is > knee-deep, throughout' in a few days. It is already open to Peeks-•>.: ;,'•'. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 