 ftjai»berofmenengagedtosweepingthestreetsforthepur- pose of making them It for marching. Cortiandt street was being cleaned; so that the reception will take place at Ihe foot of that street, and the gallant Seventh will re- ceive a hearty welcome back to the city, whose honor they help ao well toandtheywerealso told inwhat casesthekillingofthe deceased could be justified or excused. To the charge no exceptions whatever were taken, and the jury waa also charged as requested by the prisoner's counsel on all these points. There can be, therefore, no ground for asking a new trial for errors of law in the Judge's charge. The only question, therefore, proper for m e to consider upon this motion a , whether the facts s s proven will sustain the verdict finding the prisoner guilty of murder. I feel very much at a toss to draw any distinction between this case and that of Shorter, aconest 108. In that ease the parties eagaged In a sudden affray to thestreet No one toterfered. After several blows the deceased disco- vered that Shorter had a knife and retreated. T h e prisoner followed him, a n d blows passed between them until h e got to the middle of the road, when the deceased fell sad died. There was no positive evidence of blows by the prisoner with a knife; but upon evidence that the prisoner carried a knife and that t h e deceased h a d several wounds on his body, given by a knife, the prisoner was convicted of murder, and that conviction was sustained. In tho present case, the evidence against Shay a of a more posi- tive character, andif thecase ofShorter wasone justify- ing a charge of murder, there can b e no doubt but that the facte in thie case would warraat a similar verdict T h e deceased a n d o n e Smith were quarrelling, a n d Shay inter fered. H e struck the deceased the first blow on the head; this blow was returned by the deceased, who then re-tation,sad,therefore,theymusthaveselves, or have been BBBBBwBaBnI either inother, aad their evidence win not hold good in toe samemaybesaidoftheevidenceofthe identityof1 writing—it was nearly the same in both eases; that .was no evidence of criminalty ia Wilhams' buying a $8 charger, or offering to tend money, or to bey persona out, or having sums deposited to dif- ferent banks under the names ofSimpson, to prevent ha ^wife's t« them by a a action for separata maintenance or iathese moneys at playing policy; thattheioffice clerks holding the letters, or laying tfwindow ledge waa the true explanation of the mystery of ttea case, that the witnesses to the identity could not b e misled b y a strong resemblance between the two WB- Hamees Henry Wilhams being, apparently, aa Irishman, with sandy hair, Hgttt blue eyes, long whakers, and nar- row cheat; while James & Williams to a a American, with dark brown hair, hazel eyea, short whiskers sad very broad shoulders; and that, even if the defendant had committed the forgery at Adams' Express office, toll waa no evidence that he bad stolen too letter from the Poet office.Mr. Bosteed made the following points of law:—That as another person had been examined and held to bail o a this same charge before another commasioner, toe pre- sent commissioner h a s n o jurisdiction. That tato commis-THE NEW YORK HERALWHOLE NO. 8 5 aa j t l FBOM WASHINGTON. awaawBwaMnijaportant Action of the Senate poft OHice Committee.•f the Pacific Hal StrricttAbolition of ail theHi Unfile for the Home PrintingMORNING 1DITI0N-FIUDAT, FEBRUARY 24, 1860.T W Oto day ofthe t h erepublicans election o fThe regiment this afternoon, having proceeded by com- them to get a comfortable breakfast, A communicationMr. Defreea,Ball, of Ohio, who, at the i of a a election. T w o SouthernlAgm o f Tenu^anee eaut Andtwaonflat Mr. Adams, of Keatueky, Southern Ameri- ,torMr-Mitchell,of St Looav It a true that Mr by Mr. Dawes, bat his was themore practical importance. Mr.CBABBLBBsaidallthatwasaskedwasa smallap-propriation of fifty Ave thousand and twenty-seven dol-they will proceed lai of the forernment, with the view of expo-;ap any abases which may exist ATO UELLLUOOS coaranBD SEAI.The Committee oa aaaahaaal lad the case of fltoklm before them to-day. Mr. Sasklee am osaa, bat aid not conclude. Mr. Sickles'stepped forward amid the cheering aad delivered a com- pJimentory speech to hia "fellow soldiers of the Seventh."' During his remarks he was frequently applauded, and was heartiry cheered on its conclusion.At a signal from the commanding officer, the regiment•va of the latter, aided b y about 300 carts, were em - ployed, aad Mwas expected that before two o'clock the entire length of Broadway, from the Battery to Union square, would be cleaned. Great difficulty was expe- rienced in consequence of the state of the culverts, which were found to be comptotly choked up with snow and themitted to the jury, whether the prisoner, before strikingthe tost blow bad formed the determination to take thelife of the deceased? The facts, in m y judgment, werefully sufficient t o warrant said conclusion H e w a s t h eaggressor. He used a knife when the deceased bad none,be opened the knife secretly. After the blow he gave hadbeen returned, he pursued the deeeased, he threatened cies—the tost resort of men of small means; mat and attempted to stab Kirby, w h o interfered, h e again immediately after t h e crime Williams w a s flash;^^^w m fha BanV A UBBT aSaat aa^aa n^aa^iA^a^^M|aw__ ' v^s aw, saaaa OBBHW ye., requesting himtohavethe neighborhood of the depot, so that the there, aad n* it a sot done tl to Broadway at the head ofAs the Twelfth andway down, there wiU beoftie He i ia to, there wifl be a colonel's samte of nine aTQaaat ftflMl O B BBBBBF flaw afT. ABBP Malawi FIM wQ awaWI WTJComae, John Dole though not familyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Hgassrrat>_A—w ^^. ^^^ 'M ra^Abat before ihe Boose ad- of the parties were re- Cavor of the repuhheaoa,paniesinreview,and comingtoa"fronttooe,"wereex- ercised in the manual of arms by Col. Marshal Lefferta.8P1ECH OF PRESIDENT BUCHANAN.The President, in the street, near the centre of the line,thus addressed them—waa received from Colonel Van Beuren, of the Nmth,in- vitingthemembersoftheSeventhtoturnoatwiththem, which invitation was accepted by Colonel Duryee on the part of the Seventh. The meeting then adjourned.Aa there will a t least 100 of the Seventh torn out, there will be anescort of nearly 700 men to ineerthose who are returning; sa they number some 850, the procession will comprise over 1,300 men, and it a a pity that it takes place at an hour when the most of our worthy citizens are only thinking of rising to begin the duties of the day. It is expected that ex -Colonel Duryee will take commandft>r him Ten of the tame organiaiion,with all the democrats present, excepting Mr.,fotedforMr.Gloesarenner. Mr.Pryorvotedtorbill to improve the St. Clairflats.Upon the trial of the cause the jury were fully Instructedhadmw«e,saaaaaoreasrJtbvaaemm^^^^A ^^^i t^^^.................... i <»»>», i»||«nttl,>tw.<<»• . . . .>.«.•••••••.• • • • * • • • • • » • • • • • • • • . . . . , , , . , , , , , , , , . , . , , , , , ,a tKeavThe PtopU m. Mortimer Shay— Icgraham J.—The coun sel for the prisoner moves for a new trial, on the ground that the verdict is against evidence, and that the factsTM *Mr. SIWABD, (rep.) of 9. T.from the Chamber of Commerce of Raw York in relation todamagessustainedby•easelsatMr.OSCCFAnow or a was(rap.) of Mass., introduced aiiiaisiiiiilnasianyin'ormationtnhi* in regard to the occupation of a certain islandarms. The meeting was held at Lafayette Hall, and there consent to h e r discharge. There arse s a important wit- ceptiwav la Baltimore—Preparations for wereabout100personspresent. Theyhadproceededto nessformeprosecutioninIllinois,whomtheDistrict Attor-of business. The President would undoubtedly veto t h e iand Stokee, Southern Americana, for Mr. St. Clair bill If11passed. His bill to prevent the Issue of bank notes in the District of Columbia w a s , therefore, ofthathi the day andhour of battleyouwouldnot be mere parade soldiers, but that you would be in itsvery front The occasion on which you came was a greatoccasion. The alacrity with which you obeyed the re-quest of the authorities here ought ever to be highly com-mended. The Congress of the Cnited States made pro-vision for the erection of an equestrian statue to theFather of hia Country. It waa yesterday inaugurated,and through the rain, the mud, sad the inclementweather, you appeared aa If you had been on holidayparade, and we all thank you for the sacrifices yon have PREPARATIONS FORC1LEBRAT1NU THE ANNIVERSARYMr. Adram for M r . wTaton; Messrs.lars to complete the work and render the passage navi anyvetotorbaa,which ha afterwards changed for Mr. gable,forthecommerceofthelakeswasmore important than any bill now before the Senate. If vetoed h e e x -Meeting of the Old Dominion Society.Cam kwktog at Ohiol record Mac* the ballot, the tea appear! that aha already baa the folio w- a^aeaaaaaaawai aaaae the Hooae organization, namely, & IK Cook, half of the binding, a fat Job, equal to anprntiag S. C Boynton has the stationery room, withpected to pasa itover the veto. He moved to lake it up.On motion of Mr. Doou-mx, (rep.) of Wk, It was or- dered that when the Senate adjourn to morrow, it ad- journ till Monday next.Mr. Dootittle gave notice that on to-morrow ha would rpeak upon the action of Wisconsin m regard to fugitivesmadeIndoingusthishonor. Ihestatuewasinaugurated. It was a national, not amunicipal occasion. Thestatue waa executed b y the authority of Congress—it waa inaugurated by Congress, and we thank y o u for your great and im- portant services during the ceremonial. Who would not do honor to the memory aad name or Washington? H e is endeared to the heart of every American, and as long as the twenty second of February shall come in each suc- cessive year, so long let it be a day of cherished patriot- ism in the hearts of all our countrymen. It is a day that ought ever to be remembered in our annals, and when the birthday of Washington shall be forgotten, libertyOfTHESETTLEMENTOFJAMESTOWNONTHE THIR- TEENTH OF MAT NEXT.The Old Dominion Society held a regular meeting on the evening of the 32d instant, a t t h e Cooper Institute, a t which the members mastered ia considerable force.The chief business that came up before it was the pre- paration for toe celebration of toe anniversary of the set- tlement of Jamestown on the 13th May.A tetter was read from the Hon. Mr. Summers, of Vir-salary of $1,800; Isaac Strohm, recommended b y Cor- from labor.Mr. HAHLW moved that the Senate meet hereafter ateto aadatbera, h a s aa $1,100 clerkship;. J . W . Jonaa is Rna aanwBger, with a salary of $1,752; R. J. Bennett has been appointed superintendent o f t h e distribution o ftwelve o'clock instead of one. Lost.rcauo AXES ABD AXMORT arraaijiisjiiisjiiw.The bill to authorise the sale of pubhc arms to the seve- ral States and Territories, and to regulate the appointappointments At Springfield they had appointed a cler- gyman a s superintendent of |the armory because h e was apohticiaa.Mr. Pwcn thought the army bad poaarsnlou of a suffi cteat number o f t h e departments o f this government. Better give them pnaaaifinn of the whole administration of the government.After further debate by Messrs. MASOW, IBBBBBBBW and ia which aa opinion was expressed by Mr.if a Binary man had been in charge John iver taken the armory at Herper sthe farther ouaawterawaa of the tea waa postponed BASK SOTBB EI THS DBTrSKT OS* COLrXBJA.The Senate then took up the bill to prohibit the issue of bank notes hi the District of Colombia.Mr. BATASS, (dem ) of Del., moved to amend so as to prohibit the circulation of bank notes from abroad of a less denomination than fifty dollars. Carrie J.Mr. DATB moved to strike oat fifty dollars, so as to prohibit altogether the circulation of bank notes in the District. Carried by yeas 36, nays 11.heart for this vatitThe regiment on the conclusion of the President's re- marksgavenineheartycheersforhim,whichwarepar- ticipated in b y the immense throng of spectators.City Intelligence.CLBAMSG BBOADWAT.—The work of relieving Broadwayfromitsfilthwaaresumedlastevening,byorderofCol. Detovan, the City Inspector. Mr. Downing personally superintended, remaining u p until near two o'clock thispullitoutmadebytheprisoner,hewasunableto doIt.and he then fled, leaving the knife sticking in the head ofthe deceased. Under these facts the question was sub- similar but that one might be taken for toe other. TheMr. CHAXDLBB moved to strike oat the whole section in hundred and sixty-one. Mr. relation to the circulation of bank notes from abroad. It waa an absolute necessity that hotel keepers and other business m e n should receive bank notes, a n d therefore it waauselesstoimposepenaltieswhichcouldnotbeen-Court of Appeals held that under such a state of facta, thequestion whether the homicide was justifiable or not oouldnot arise, and there was no color even for submitting thatquestion to the jury, and that where the proper instruc-tions were given to the jury between murder and man- tion rests its case. slaughter, and the jury found the prisoner guilty of mur-the committee that he cast show that hundred aad twenty illegal votes were thrown for Mr.atomies. Thepoiat•BOBwhichdoubtseemstohinge iuponthe fret thatWilbamaondidnotnotifytifekiea!he steaded to eoatsat hia seat.appointed by has Democratic Senatorial have agreed upon a set of resolutions, which win to the caucus called for Saturday next It is that they oombsae t h e principlee contained !a Ief resolutions introduced by Messrs. Davis of Mtoaasaippt They will undoubtedly give It a doubtful they will h a adopted, aa many of the Senators to any such action. The committee do not a guide for a platform to be adopted atUte conflicting viewi ate Masters upon the several sets ofby thaider, the judgment should be affirmed. In the People vs.The Commissioner overruled all the points submitted b y Mr. Busteed, except "that the taking mass amount to larcenyofpersonalproperty.'' Thapointwinbedecid- ed,andthedecisionoftheCommissionergivenat eleven o'clock tha morning.forced.Mr.PrcBwantedto driveoatthe circulation of banknotes from Virginia and Maryland. Itwas a trick of the aeaka to obtain a circulation as far from home as possi- ble. There laBOnecessityforthecirculation of bankMr. KDK5, (rep.-} of N. Y ., waa ia favor of twenty dol- lars notes as the minimum, and would vote to restore that feature to the bill.Mr. Chandler s motion waa rejected. Adjourned.BBBw.ll saw. WASHQTGTasr, Feb. 38, 1800. GovaajraxDrT wASTKD.The SnAKn mat before the Hooae to-day afrom the President, enclosing (bar memorials from restof FSBBBS aad Nebraska, at or near thestops of the Rocky Mountains. They Invoke the interposi-theinterferencebetweenotherswhowereengaged inaconflict,theCourtsay,"Iftherebesufficient deliberationto form design to take life and to put that design into exe-cution b y destroying life, there is sufficient deliberation toconstitute murder, no matter whether the design be form-ed at the instant of striking the fatal blow, or whether Itbe contemplated for months. It a enough that the inten-tion precedes the act, although that follows instantly." So summons In this action was served on the 19th day of also in toe People vs. Sullivan (3 Selden, 396).tion ofCongress tort h eextinguishmentthe establishment of an Assaylows:—"That t h e said Mortimer Shay a certainknife which he, the said Mortimer Shay, in his rignt hand,then aad there had and held, him, the said John Leery,in and upon the forehead, then and there wilfully aadfeloniously, and of his malice aforethought, didbeat, strike, stab, cut and wound, giving unto thesaid John Leery, then and there, with the knifeaforesaid, tn and upon the forehead of the said JohnLeary o n e mortal wound, A c " I cannot conclude thatthe omission of the word "with" before the words "acertain knife" a such a defect in substance as to warrantgranting this motion. The indictment would read so as petition, sustained by affidavits of witnesses of the highest to charge the offence, if those words were included in agovernment, extending over paits of NewMexico, Utah, and Nebraska, a n d that a n enabling act b etor this purpose, a a d that a census b e taken. They rep-previous eccaaton, have been subject to a series of annoy- ancesand delays,the recurrence ofwhichisalittlere markable. On the occasion of the re-interment of President Monroe's remains at Richmond, Va., about a year ago, the Seventh regiment, the escort of the remains, charteredalso arrested on a similar charge.FCSXBAL OBSBQCIBB or aaa LATE MB- DANIEL FANSBAWThe funeral services of this well known and respectedthe first Monday of August following, aad also ihim to pay fifteen hundred dollars far miiisml fees.the fourth day of Jane, 1869, the defendant, on hto ownItwaainthenatureof a compliment , National Guard, of New York,otherthings,thatthereferenceto Mr.Bradleywassota reference under the statute aa to an action, bet of the same nature with one ordered under toe practice e f toe late Court of Chancery after aa totertocutory deans to a suit to equity.The case now comes op on the astfliaiaat « * » re- feree's report, uponwhichMrJOConorwasheardforthe plaintiff, ana Messrs. Edssonds aad V sa tod a n t Messrs. Benjaminwere associate counsel tor Mrs. Forrest, s a d Mr. Jaa. t . Brady, with Van Bnraa sndfclsaoads, for defendantrjaoBtoa reserved.Banere and Floor etoants.age, wascalled up for sentence. He was convicted of manslaughter in the first degree, in killing Samuel Reevea. On principally dressed to drab, was heldo ft h eIndiantitlexppoeedto waaaaaia, «u_ r%~~tThe remainder of the rotes were cast for twelve other jt'Waaj the highest four, the lowest one-kuT. aoauLui, (rep.) of Ohio, moved a posto wemeaf anffl Maawtoy, with too anaeTBtaadtog that toeythm voteat such aaobe gotready, sad placed1S+f^t^^^S*^** *^*******^**^'*^FEB. 23—The District Attorney said that, tins betm last day of the term, he moved tototheSeastons for trial,*boon, was, a salary of $1,800. Besides thai, tw o piaoea mentof the superintendents of public armories, was taken will have perished from the earth. Everything passed off ginA, who had been selected sa the orator for the occa- aadsr the Doorkeeper have been aamgnod to Ohio, and ap. The bill provides that upon application of the autko admirably yesterday. The crowd was immense. The sion, accepting the invitation extended to him. The Exe-ties of the Stats arms may he sold to them, aad that she •ov. Ford,* is said, a to be Clerk of the House Commit auperintendento of the armories hereafter be selectedplaudits bestowed on the Seventh regiment were enthusi-astic. If there waa anything to regret, it cutive Committee reported that they had made arrangewas this—that none of the representatives of menta with the proprietors of the Metropolitan Hotel forforeign governmenni graced this commemoration. gettingupadinnerforthememberssadtheirInvited Wnen you were here tost, you bad been a guard of honor guests on the day referred to.fortheremainsofJamesMonroe. Hewaaasoldier,he Dr.RaphaelsadDr.LeeJoneswereelectedphysicians was a patriot, he was a statesman, he was an excellent to the society.President. There was peace la hia day. I trust there A resolution was adopted appointing a committee ofAffairs. Ohio also h a s t h e chalrmanahip Inview"bfthesefactssomaofthe of Ohio think it a very cool proposi"what | j goiag o a to-night, B a a culminatedfrom the officers of the ordnance department. Mr.HAUopposedthelatterclause.Afteragreatdeal of deliberation, Coigress had authorised the election of civilofficersfortheseplaces,whichwerenothingmote than manufactories of arms. He had no feelings on the subject, but was approached last session by civilians aad military men, who favored giving the superintendencies tocivilians.Mr. DAvat, (dem.) of Maw., replied, and pointed out thetreated,followedbyShay. Shaysecretlyopenedbis sionercannotreviewtheproceedingsofaaothnrcommis-knife, which led the deceased again to strike at Shay and sioner, both having only co ordinate jurisdiction, a a d t h eagaintoretreat. There isevidence thatthedeceasedat practicetocommtosioner's courts corresponding to thatthat time had nothing in his hand, and some evidence in State courts. That to conatknte this offence such afrom Corbel that he had a knife. The latter evidence, taking mast be proven as would amount to larceny of per-willaver settle t h e printing question by the captiooaneaB of interestedwill be peace ia the days of my successors Storms have prevailed daring my period, but I see the clouds breaking away, aad I trust and believe that a new "era of goodthree, to which the officers of the society were sided, to apply to the legislature of the State for aa act of incorpo- ration, so as to give a legal existence to the institution,both from the character and the appearance of the witness, I latok the jury might have very properly refused to be- lieve. The question of fact arising thereon waa toft to the jury. After this Shay struck at the deceased with the knife, and cut him in the face with it The deceased continued to flee, a n d Shay w a s approaching t h e deceased when Kirby ran in between tnem. The prisoner struck atKirbywiththeknife,whojumpedoutoftheway,and the prisoner then followed the deceased. One of his bro- therscalledouttohimtotakecare,orhewouldbekilled, and sa the deceased looked round to see hia daager, the prisoner struck the knife into his temple with such torce ia to render it so fast there that with three attempts tosonal property. That, in this case, there is nothat t h e accused unlawfully took t h e totter i n iany other; that the United States is bound to prove posi- tively that the defendant took the letter, aad guilt reliant be inferred from subsequent criminal acts: that the pre- snmptions of law in favor of innocence most be rebutted by direct proofs ef guiltMr. r>wight, ia hto summing up, traced the toes oftho letter, its taking from the Peat office, its praseaoa at the express office, where the holder of it said that the " beak would understand'the change from " three" to " tw o ' months. This to dearly evidence ae to the felaruoaa taking of the letter, for had the note been picked op to the street the holder would have had ao knowledge ef what thebank knew. ThetwoWllamses arenotso dto-evils of giving to civilians charge of matters of a military • elected in spite of himself. nature.feeling" will ere long return. I will not detain you and enable it to receive donations of books or other ar-taw reeolt of the balloting will heMr. O a tof the special eaaassaVaha purpose o f Inquiring into ax., andhaTesubpcenaed Mr. to appear beforeMr. Foes nan, (rep.)been in favor of giving these posts to military men, and would vote for the buXlonger than to reiterate m y thanks tor the honor you have done us, and I am sure it will be a day recorded aad impressed upon your memory as one on which you have rendered goad service to your country—a day ia which you have stirred op the fires of patriotism in everyticles of value, and to held both real and personal pro- pern.After transacting some other business of a routine cha- racter, the society adjourned amidst much good feelingof Me., said he had alwaysto Mr. «Phe withdrew itvoted. After the roll was calledBall. This occasioned long delay. Much interest wasexcitedtatthenproceedings. Thevoteresultedas toDowB)— ,WDOW DUBBUQIII »••••*•• «•••••••*••*•#*•-«-•••••XiI A^CGCaawaaVryIOa* CfKJtCIs•••* •••a•*•••> >*»••••••••OW ilJaail . , t a j , * • • • • » • • • e • • e • a aw e e • • • • e e • • • • • • • e • • • • • • • • e a • M uJVtwaVwfWABBBUWBesee****** •••• •••• •••• •••••••••••••«••• • • •wiDThe People vs.James Pennegrath,in Broonto tvocw,wusra with intent to kill; the People vs. JohnThe Houseto •g republican votes w a n recalled sad **y. willsylvania avenue in that vicinity, was afterward reviewed by the President, la the presence of a large number of spectators, who wen delighted with both the appearance aadevolutiorsofthispopularmilitarycorps.depot. Colonel Butterfleld, of the Twelfth, read the tele- graphic despatch he had received from Colonel Lsflerts, aad said that if he received any information of the Seventh regiment being delayed beyond the time speci- fied, bewould dismiss them in themorningtoenableia h e r ease. H e would, inotable to procure the 11 term of the Oyer and Terminer,bewould notoppose imotionforher discharge. The Court directed a n order i b e entered to t h e effect that if the prisoner was not bi to trial during the first fortnightIntheApril term, aeshould be discharged.THE CASB or KovrraxB ABUT.In the case of Mortimer Shay the Court denied the mo-tion for a new trial and the motion for an arrest of judg- ment Sentence, however, was deferred until the ease a decided o n appeal. T h e followiag are the decisions o f t h e Judge on the two motions:—Hon, John Cochrane, in response to repeated calls morning with the laborers. Two hundred and twenty.witnesses were mistaken sa to the identity of the former Williams, b u t were conscientiously careful a a d truthful about the present identification Just before the crime waa committed WttTtoma waa tuned out of hto house b y hto andiord, was filling the situation of carver in assail saloons at $ 9 per week salary, a a d was dabbling to poli-ontheJersey Otyferry boats,for theaseof the soldiers; 7which, after their mght's t n , will, a o doubt, b eUpontheirarrivaltheorderofinarchwinbetofttothe bat M will, no doubt, b ewhere the Seventh will die act as an escort tothewill proceedto their People vs. John Larp.do.: the People vs.It to do.; the People vs. James McNamara, do.; the People vs. thetwelfth win tan otoINatr^ JosephO'Netl.do.;thePeoplevs.sigtomandBase,do.; Ninth at toast flaw, and v a n it not for the the-People va. Lou* Oberhoeffer and John Ltoaaa.do.; theveryearlyhouratwbichtheyarecalled upontoparade, Peoptevs.ChristtenL'hJ,do.:thePeoptevs.D.I>»ovaB.do.; they would almost double that number. Dodworth's first the People v s . James Adams, d o . ; toe People v s . Daniel band,consistingoffortypieces,willfurnishthemusic Kelly,do;thePeoplevs.HughRielly,do.;thePeoplevs. Colonel Van Beuren of thelNtoth. issued the following Patrick Campbell etals, do; the People vs. John Finlay,a^B^waaawMaaMaM^•••••••••>••••• *••••••••••••••••••••••••••• V orderyesterdaytothoseunderhiaoranmanil. Wehare do.;thePeoplevs.Geo,T.laaasana aadflee,W.Oooley,A motion was made from the democratic aide to ad- journ. Negatived b y 8 majority.Mr. Braoi, (dam)ofCal., moved to adjourn tiB Man- day. Negatived.Mr. USDEBWOOD, (dam) of Cm., moved that the Hooae now adjourn.The question was decided by yeas and nays In the affirmative, by 4 majority.THE SEVENTH REGIMENT.already given the order of Colonel Butterfleld, of theSPBTXAL ORDKB,HO.2.HxADqr/ABTBSS, HIBTHaaemsart, M.Y.& M.,)Itaw YOKE. Fab. 23,1880. t The aeembers of this command are hereby notified to appea-do.; toe People vs. James Smith sad Samuel Tyng " toe People v s . EUabeth Byrnes s a d Mary Smith, slaughter; the People vs. Stephen Kennedy, implewith Toole, murder; toe People vs. Themes McCabe, mayhem; the People vs. John Howe, manslaughter; the People vs. John Allison, murder: the People vs. Henryfor parade on Friday morning, in full winter uniform (over Staub, manslaughter, toe People v s . raniel DriscoU,eoata and full drewsscaps), to unto) with the Twelfth, Oolone Butterfleld, to the reception of the Seventh JngMTi Guard, on UVsto- return from Waabtofgltooiis. TbeIB Broome street, right on Broadwaythehour the drill of this evening. A prompt sfuU attendance iarequire1»*"L _ _murder.Mr. B. O'Connor moved for the discharge ofBarks, who has bean imprisoned since the let of May last on a charge of poisoning Fayette Robinson and Mrs. Beetham. Heread toe affidavit of theprisoner, in which she states that the Coroner's jury found that the poisoning waa done b y some person unknown.TheDistrict Attorney read hia own affidavit, in whtoh he states tost he believed the woman guilty, and would notIByorderofColonelJtM,VanBeuren.CHS. B . BOOTWICK,Adjutant. ThemembersoftheSeventhregimentwhobadremain- •aid Speech ox*tHe President— edbehind heldameetingtostevening,fortoepurposeof of tMe Gatard—Thvelr R e - tarntof out this morning to receive their brothers toenia of tlie Corps la Washington-.17-WUiam J. Lane, forgery, third degree, tonced.18-Jobn McCue,prison 19 years sad atx months19—William Hutchinson, State prison two yeToe Sorw Before United StatesSTafntlNO r P OF COCNBEX—POINTS OF LAW.The evidence In the esse of the United States vs. James S. Wffitome, oa the charge of falinhaartr taking • totter fromtheNewYorkPostoffice,havingbeenconcludedanWednesday last, the time yeaterday was occupied b y t h e summing up of counsel, sad the decSnon of the Oaaunto- atoner.Mr. Ridgewsy, for toe defence, raised toe followinf points—That a mere presumption of guilt, supported by doubtful testimony, was not sufficient to bold the defendant; that the evidence of identity tn ttus case was most doubtful, because t h e same witnesses had, beforewhich you go through your exercise, and the stoat, hardy, Butterfleld will make him assume the command of the Mr.SUDSIX,(dem.)ofLa.,calledfortheregularordernobleanddefianttookwhichyonexhibitsho*entireescortbattalion.Latetostnighttherewereanum-sstothedistinctionbetweenmurderandmanslaughter,identifiedanotherindividualpositivelyandwithoutistheWestIndiesbyAmericancitJxens. Adopted.Mr. PPGH, (dem.) of Ohio, reported a bill in relation to bounty land warrants, which prevents assignees locating hmd. The bill passed.on BMMTWWITHptar.Mr. Hale's isaohition of inqairy, offered cm Tuesday, int of F a n in carrying oat treatyor omwcsB AOAIXSTSLAVEPBOPBKTT.Mr. Baowa, (i less.) of Miss., introduced a bill to punish ottt noes against slave property la Kansas. Referred tothe Committee c a Territories.PBJ\ATE HILLS. 'Mr. frsnsos, (dem.) of Saw, reported a large number of private bills which had been acted on by the Court ofTsarxaojoLia FOB BAVALMALLOET, (dam.) of Fla., reported a joint resolutionCaptains Hudson a n d Sands t o accept certain i from t h e government of Great Britain.Passed.TEE R . c u m n a n m i . Mr.CHAXDLEB,(rep)ofMich.,movedtotakeapthetMelrWelcomeHome,&«.,Ac. WASBXIGTOB, Feb. 23,1800.Hon, JohnCochraneaccompaniedtheofficersoftheelectachairman,whanex-ColonelDuryeecamein.aad amidst the most vociferous cheering he waa elected chairman, the gentleman whose place be had taken, John CGriffin,waselectedsecretary. Aftertheusualargu- mento about time, dress, 4 c , they came to the followingneywantedtosee.andwhom hehopedtobanhereat the next term of this courtMrMCampbellsaidpublicjusticedemandedthatthe prisoner should b e either tried o r discharged, a a d that the District Attorney should not be permitted to keepa person in jail without limit to time. He suggested that a noi prof, should be entered.The Dtotrtot Attorney said he so convinced of toe woman's guilt that s h e would emainin pnson aTf h e r lifeSeventh regiment to the President's hooae this morning, conclusion:—That they would meet at Lafayette Hall, ata aad unreduced them to the President and other officers of quarter to six this morning, In full winter uniform, aadmarch to the Mercer Bouse, there to meet the Twelfth the government. The regiment, forming a Una on Penn- aad Ninth regimenal, and proceed with them to theCOL. Lsfiiata, Orncsas ASB SOIIHBBS or m a BavaanBaGiamrr:—I cannot permit yon to part from me withoutexpressing, ia a few words, my cordial thanks for yourhaving graced the great occasion of yesterday. The miBtary precision in your march, the admirable manner in of the detachment of the Seventh. If he does so, Colonel proven only warranted a conviction for manslaughter.Mr. HALB thought the whole difficulty grew oat of bad breast. I thank you, gentlemen—thank you with all my and harmony.and auditors gave nine enthusiastic cheers for the Union. runnings of ,the gutters. Notwithstanding these ob- pursued the deceased while running, and he struck such a went to buy out bis former employers; purchased horses'The regiment then again broke into column and again marched to review, with the band playing a quick march, and returned to their quarters.They left thai afternoon in a special train for their homes.THE SEVENTH REGIMENT IN BALTIMORE. [From the Baltimore Sun, Feb. 23.]TheSeventhregimentofNewYork,047strong,reached thePresidentstreetdepotshortlyaftereighto'clockyes- terdaymorning,in%specialtrainfromPhiladelphia. Dis- embarking, the body was formed and marched b y way o f Baltimore, German and Howard streets, to the f>T'ta" statkn,undertheescortofthebattalionofBaltimoreCity Guards, 1C0 in number, under the command of Major Joseph P . Warner. Considerable rain was falling at the time, and some of the streets were heavy with mud and slush. Hundreds of citizens crowded the sidewalks, how- ever, and braved the inclement weather for a sight at the imposing military pageant, while t h e inspiring music o f the beads, which sounded a t intervals along t h e route, servedtogiveanimationtothescene. Thelinewas something over three squares a s they moved in scattering flies, but in as good order aa the nature of the streets would admit.stacles, which were b y no means tomgnlncant, the work was prosecuted with great vigor, and an immense quan- tity of dirt and garbage carried away. The other streets are notto be touched just yet, until some agreement ia come to between the Mayor, Comptroller and City In- spector.Tax STATKN ISLABO WAX CASB.—The Seguice wUl casewasagainadjournedyesterday,onaccountoftheCounty^ Clark(3Selden,394,)whichwasacasesimilartothisinCourtsittingatRichmond,S.I.,thisweek. Theamountofpropertyinvolvedinthiscaseisnotsolargeasatfirs1reported, being only $200,000, not $300,000. The contes-tant,tnadditiontoanannuityof$700,badafarmvaluedat $4,000 bequeathed to him, on which the executors are to expend $4,000 in the way of improvements. The evi- dence of Lot C. Clark, who drew up the will, has already been taken, also part of the testimony o* Doctor Edgar, family pbysician to the tote James Seguiue. Esq., who at- tended him during ha hut illness, and ass called in to witnesshissignaturetothewillwhichisnowbeingcon- tested.Nsw CorjmotFxrr.—The police received information onWednesday morning that an attempt would be madetoceived the money. Williams was to the habit of taking from the Post office letters not directed to himself. The handwriting o f the letter a n d note was veryjjlainly proven to be his Upon tha circumstantial evidence toe prosecu-During the march from depot to depot, the Eagle Ar- circulate a new counterfeit "2" on the Mercantile Bankof tillery company fired salutes from President street depot.r-At twenty minutes past nine o'clock, the regiment and escort left the Camden station Tor Washington, in a special w ain, in charge of conductor Hoover. The train consisted at twenty five cars, sad carried between 1,300 and 1,500 persons, including the military. Washington was rescued at a quarter past eleven o'clock. ,this dry, aad the storexeepers were accordingly informedof It through t h e agency o f t h e police telegraph. T h e counterfeiters seemed to have got wind of this, s s bat few of the bills were offered. Ches Hanlon, alias Whitmore, was arrested on charge of attemptog to pass three of the counterfeits on Mr. Connor, at the Volks Garten, in theorder of reversal directed a reference to Alvto C Bradley, Esq From the date last mentioned until the 25th dayof May. 1869, no step or proceeding to the action waby either partv, and no application for temporary Ioffice in that quarter, aad the creation of a Territorial ",TheSeventh regiment,inits excursions onthisanda Bowery. W».Smith,aboatman,andJas.Palmer,werewas made by the paintur until the 8th day of July 1869. Anorderwasmadeonthe22dofthatmonthdirect- ing the defendent to pay two hundred dollars perias temporary alimony, the first payment to be igentleman—the oldest printer in the city—took place at population, and the importanca of a btcsmer and got aground to the Potomac river, and tost the family residence, Yorkville, yesterday afternoon.0 aAn appeal taken from the order so made was decided toof the word complained of. T h e cases citeo. b y t h e prison September, 1869, at General Term, sil the Justices < ers counsel are none of them applicable to Una case. JusticePterrepontaffirming theorder. Theoptok They relate to cases where the defect waa la charging delivered by Bosworth, C J., sad the Court held,iteeordanae artta the request of the with a special that such provision ha made fortheir protection aa the exigencies am y require.The taaaanrtola ware referred to the Committee on Ter-pn Tuesday nightthe Philadelphia train, with the regi- Harlem Reformed Dutch Church, officiated on the occa- ment aboard, ran off the track between Perrymansviile sion, assisted by the Rev. Drs. Osborn and Channcy and anfl Havre-de-Grace. The engine was so much damaged Messrs. Boteford and Luke. The following gentlemenpasenthesis— '-That the said Mortimer Shay (he the saidShay then holding a knife in his hand) did stab, beat,strike and wooajt the said Leary, and giving unto thesaid Leary, then sad there with the knife aforesaid, a residing there after the judgment for divorce, was mortal wound, &c." The offence a fully stated without habitually unchaste aad intemperate in her habits, the word omitted; and although it to necessary to name aad extravagant to her expenditures. The motion i the weapon with which the death waa effected, the indict- denied by Judge Woodruff, on the 36th day of Jaaa, 18of their members by drowning. Returning home on same occasion, via Washington, this city and Phila- phia, a delay of two hours occurred at the Washington :ot in consequence of the engine getting out of order.Betweenfourandfivehundredpersonsattendedtopay respect to his memory, amongst whom were a large num- ber of our leading citizens. The Rev. Dr. Lord, of thestanding aad character, applied to the Court for a commasion to examine wltousaie in CaJifonua, by whom he intended to prove that the plaintiff, whilethat it waa necessary to procure another from this city, which caused a delay of nearly (our hours, and accounts for the late hour the regiment passed through this city.acted as pail bearers —Won. A. Haltock, Wm. Forrest, A.0.uackenbusb, F. J. Austin, W m Patterson, Mr. Belloni, ment sufficiently sbowa it, notwithstanding the " — i n rBBODXKrr.resolution AttheRelayHouse,ontheBaltimoreand OhioRailroad,. iwith a the train bearing the regiment was detained for a short street Cemetery, followed by a long una of carriages,Geo. Bruce and Alex, McCotter. After the services were concluded, the deceased wasremoved to the secondtimebyarockfallingonthetrack. Sucha successionofuntoward circumstances were well calculated to discour-age the military visiters; but this was not so, and thoughbespattered with mod and wet with rain, the regiment to the vaults. Mr. Fanshaw was in his seventy-second yeara man seemed to good spirits, and determined to try it when be died, aad has toft a widow, one son and two wound waa given with the knife, and that of such wound again. Ia view of their vicissitudes in the past, we hope daughters.them a prosperous return and better fortune in the fu- ture.BAITUIOEB, Feb. 38—8 P. M.The Seventh regiment, National Guard, of New York,TrlxCONTKSrSD SEAT OPTEKSIXTH COCVCOaUSK DjSTRICT.— The Special Councilmamc Committee, appointed to Investi- gate Ihe case of the contested seat of Mr. Baker, of thethe prisoner died. It seems to m e that toe offence is fully charged to t h e indictment, notwithstanding t h e saaawtoa of this word, a a d if so, it becomes a mere error in matters of form, which to cured by the statute.bave just passed down Baltimore street on their way tothe' Kbiladelphia Railroad depot They attracted the Sixth district, held another meeting yesterday afternoon,THE rri.TO.1 BANE BSFALCATJOXIke Peifle at. W. J. Lane—In this case sentence waa deferred, on motion of Mr. Brady, until Friday morning,when a motion will be made in arrest of judgment.SENT TO SXATB PRISON SOBB15PEBB TBAB8 ABOSEX BOirrBS. John McCue. a young m a n about twenty five years o fgreatest attention, and left at half-past eight P. M.Preparatloas forUse Reception oft*ftmo_\a- tioaa1Gssi d.but arrived at no satisfactory conclusion. Messrs. Baker and Lent, t h e contestant*, appeared before t h e *nm»ttt— and argued their cases to person. The former asked for further tone andan opportunity to beheard by counsel, but this request was notgranted, and another adjourn-A brg» meeting of boas bakert and "As the return of the Seventh regiment Islooked forward ment until next Monday was agreed anon. It to chargedto with the interest that always attaches itself to Ho! movemento of ttus corps, we give below allthatMr.Baker,whotoan Irishman,to nota naturalized citizen, though he claima that he tank eat his papers two years ago in Kentucky.beingaskedwhathehadtomywhysentence shouldnot be passed upon him.the prisoner replied that ha didn t mean to take toe man's life, and he threw himself on theMetropolitan Booms, N o . 1 0 0 "rnt was appointed_Je during the course ef the meeting, ttCol. Batteltill addreaseda notetothe Cttyln- he was atwork. ThreeT O n B U a a a»m/V*» W*F « » »• *•* g ? *"****1'c'irdQ , . aaaaeaanasa ee^a^stiTmcm a flght, w a s , theCourtwith avow tea iwhere the services of the Episcopal Church ware saidby the Rev. Dr. Cbauncy, and the body enclosed in one oftheonVnce; here it a merely in relation to theweapon with which the offence was committed, and to thai respect the objection to remedied b y t h e subsequent part o f toe count in t h e indictment, whtoh charges expressly that thethe particulars connected with their arrival. They CoxaacnoN.—In ourreport oftheprocession yesterday,ensued, you stabbed the deeeased wrth a a^? ssa1j^yea d1Bmfifteenyoung men,^.^•".^"a^'tn^Jwatttaev* <*»'• <« them about voor own age. iwn TM£~L~rTa n expected to arrive at the foot of Cortiandt streetat six o'clock thn morning, but the probability to thatthey will not reach toe city Before seven. As we b a n keen 179, hand a a d officers included. already stated, the Twelfth regiment will act as an escort,aadIke sentossofthe Ninth haTtog.been acceptedbyCoL Butterflekl, the twoat a quarter before six. iaThe Judge said toe prisoner sad the deeeased bad a quarrel; they ware separated, a a d wjaaaer weat awsyj edeatwiththeTwelfthregimentas224,Itshouldbanbutreturnedandrenewedthequarrel-latoeflghtwmenat toe rats ef two and thr<we, through a mateke, putthenumber of menwhotonFATAL Aranawr ia THB CENTRAL PASS.—On Wedceaday aaKi u w u aalaairviva*aaaaaaha^wUsaAbiaavl XUfUOi] njjQ WmwlCaU* ployed In toe new rasaraair to toe Central Park, was ai-whtoh pomt toey was ssanh to anfknofOort-the arrival of the Seventh regi- momituaaatiykuledbythefalltogofadsrTteknearwhich •**k»a ^•kvaaan mlaWItfl I D aaaW lavwIKa- *aaw m Ban • a e « ^Untitled Document——-—-TMs^—--!*-««!—P»»!?^5P?^^' ' ' " - - r •••before h e would enter a nol however, stipulate that if be witness from Illinois at theblow as no one would have struck in such a place if he deposited large sums of money, nearly corresponding to bad not determined to take life. In Snorter's case the that of the note; told different stories about where he re-IxcRABAM, J.—In this esse the prisoner has been tried,andconvictedofmurder. Noobjectionwastakenonthetrial, or previous thereto, to the form of the indictment.A motion is now made on behalf of the prisoner to arrestof judgment for the omission of the word "with" in theindictment, before the description of the weapon used An appeal was taken from each judgment by by the prisoner. The mistake is, eviucntiy, a clerical one; the defendant, to the general term, aad oa the Sato but still, if material to charging the offence, would be day of July, I860, toe judgment was rsnread ae available. The clause in the indictment reads sa fol- to the provisionfor alimony, and the General Termto themercy ofthelaw. m . . m Mr.Becker,ofthefirmofBeckerkhad been tried for murder, yon would « « ' ^ " TM found gutMy of that oouaee. TM »"J^fSrWar beenbeforetheCourtton1^'^ s,^r ^ed by""^^JE'i^nen?^u?aenteuo?PRICEtreeyearsandsix-dr•ajwanaea C2FOW »&¥tkfll,-prisonthreeyears 4-Patriek "prisontwoyearsan 6—Frank Fowler,and three months. 6-John Gilbert,months.1—John Cramaitoa, 8-WiltordP Maynard,oflty.t—Daatel Lynch,siXBaenths.10—Margaret Sheridan,prison six years and six 11-John Hayes,12—Gerred B. Cook tiary one year.Moses Stafford, i prisonfouryearsaadatxi14— H e n r y rprison three years and tone i16-Patrick ' guilty.16—Mortimer Shay, manor, notiCENTS.ThtFontit Divorce Cavae. SUPERIOR COUBT—8PEC1AX TERM.FEB.23.—CoikvineN.lorrett«.RdwmFbrrtU-TheNovember. I860. The issues of fact w e n tried to toe year 1S51. The trial commenced on the 16th day of De- cember in that year, and ended on the 28th of January following. Thejury fixed the «*>oni«t of permanent alimo- nyat$3,000perannum,anda judgment interlocu- tory for divorce, and for such allowance, wasat special term on toe 31st day of January,*: www.fultonhistory.com 