 fafloaof N e w York organized to-day, a t twelvethtr.—This case comes up on the petition of the UnionSardinia has claimed the political prisoners of the Le-THE N E W YORK HERALD.WHOLE NO. 8628. giOtUBNi CMURM.*0>*mKmim#mmMmm^0**^**of Florid*,Georgia,Tlaewaa yesterday dupstsbsd upon •aether serial voyage, the aeronaut this time botogopu pO of that nteraa of toe air, Professor Wtoo. H* hquite a young man, aad yesterdsy's ascension is the drs- attempted, tt waa o complete BUBCCMfo respect, and whoa the Ganymede row from Uv>~The Mow Departiueat ofPublic Chartttes. misfltoaentocauseto bo keptandPRICE TWO CENTS,ARRIVAL OF IHE AMERICA.and Indiana, a n air todttfw asto theProspects of the in the Croat of Dougtoo beingThe fear Commissioners of Correction and Chart ties suthonzed under the new law raorgonistog tbe trambsoss wondetermined on Friday eveningby the Comptroller, and officially onnonnoed yesterday. ,aadsoaredoffinthesummajesticstylo,totwaa Theyon,SimeonDraperandMcsesH.Grinnell,Sec12.Eachsuperintendent,warden,orchiefofficer. TOLEEDAT!IATEBFROMEUfiOPL shall make hto requisition in writing on the said Board ofCommisttoncrs for oil articles deemed necessary by taeBoardtobeusedtotberespectiveinstitutionsunderhien n u u 0 n m OP w r s i i s .frigidity of the Southern Dele- ft** Towards Douglas.Pf(K8YLVAWA OPPOSED TO DOUGLAS.Two Millions of Dollars Forth- comingtoDefeatDouglas,fttXJDstiss*saa»»^>ane%>sw>»^a»t^»ti^tosta«aisa»»*lie buildings and plana of organisation which have given the inxtttetions so neefc eetat wen completed Governor Bell was a former member of the old Board for a year,Commissioners shal make a quarterly report thereof to the Board of SupervisorsS e c 14. The officer having charge o f the Almshouse, shall dally send all paupers residing to toe Almshouse, capable of performing aay work, aad not otherwise em ptoy ed, to the workhouse, or to any other institu-ioos on oer their charge, except city p isoas aad penitentiaries, wheretheyshallboputatsucblobarsetoochiefofficer thereof to authonz. d to directSec-16.Itshallbetoedutyoftbeofficerincharge-T the nurseries, to provide suitable employment for an t'- e children under bto care.Sec.10 TheCommissionersshallbeauthorisedtomak\ from time to time, aucb rules anabylaws for the•V tomgle ktwea tie start lall and rest m tbe public affairs other than to enjoy the benefit of the national patronage.l a w H W ^ M a w l ' J OW'^WIIQWISWISWJBWW' With t h e n sentiments .of regard and exalted esteem, I MMMWMW»aM%W ventureto suggest thatthe moment you shall ascertain that the choice will not fall oa you, then it becomes yourCttf aVEttttf the Hattwaul Com-Jttee duty to throw aside all present expectation, and with ailifainst Mayer W*MKI.IS OUITTE8 OBLIGEDTOBACK MW9,jour power, with the purity of your character, advocateiitoetloo of some individual of poor owa independent p, whose course aad position wii"ll be ebon falseandjacobinlcolintriguesI,everreadytoper-1 would not support Dickinson—he la entirely too small aa individual for t h e occasion; a gentleman w h o rests bto whole claim on hat Senatorial services in favor of th.*.Omnibus M IL " tt to a c t it •Binary for m e to remarkoaMr.Douglas—withyou1knowhomoatbeout et tbe queetioa; and having thus disposed ofoome lo Mr. Hunter aad Mr. Guthrie,penoaaUy. would not bo my choice; but looking over the whole ground cautiously aad carefully, 1 a m perfectly sure that Mr. Guthrie would eventually prove a most available candidate; be, too, being above all improper&c to.,OCR SPECIAL CHARLESTONOrtnanw, April SI,1MQ.eat spoken ot, sad who creates l a * at present, la Pwgtat tt la nothing b a tTbe outside preanue for aim la lm - aaBWjaataaUMdetecaUoaaeaaaetB and oorapare notes,Tbe scene outside t h e Garden w a s very lively; t n e impatience of the people to know what was going ou within, aad their reluctance to pay the sum of twenty five cents to find out, mode some rich scenes, an 1oa 5 fellow, who had been waiting for an hour to see the bai loon go op, was at last driven to the extremity of paying his quarter, as his patience would bold out no longer, anu "be waa bound to know what was going on. anyhow "We understand that balloons will be seat up every weak or two daring the summer from t h e Palace Garaea, a s Professor Wise wishes to keep the balloon excitement alive until he can moke preparations for his great aerial trip across tbe Atlantic.Mow fork Methodist Baiacopal nan- fbromce. SUCTIONOFDSXiaATESTOTHEOBNKKALCONTB-RKJiCK—CIICBCH STATISTICS—SUNIBTBK1AL POINTMENTS—CLOSB OF THE gagSION.The Conference met Wednesday morning, Bishop Soot*presiding.The result of the fourth ballot for delegates to the Gene-ral Conference was announced, resulting in the election of Rev- Paul R. Brown (progressive). A fifthballot was then taken for the remaining delegate, resulting in theMr. NICHOLSON offered a resolution, which was adopted, tbat the President be authorised to have 260 copies of tbe law creating the Department printed for the use of toe Department. \Mr. DIUFXH, the President, requested Mr PInckney, the President of tbe late Board of Almshouse Commissioners, who, with Governor Oliver, was present, to deliver over the effects of the Department, as the C jmmissionare were now ready to receive the same.Mr. FIMTVKOT expressed his readiness to give to tbe new Commissioners every faculty in his power to perform their duties with promptness, after which tbe represenU Uvea of the old Board and the new Commissioners sepa rated with muttul good wishesTheCommistionersimmediatelyrepairedto theinstitu lions under their charge, to take formal possession and give ihe necessary instruotiuns for the future.TbeannouncementofthecommissionIsreceivedwithgeneral satisfaction. T h e action o f t h e republicanciuns in dictating to the Comptroller had created a gooddeal o f feeling, a n d h i s independent a n d judicious a npoinubenta, it ia uniformly conceded, will enhance tbepublie confidence in his discretion. It was strongly urgedthat a represeLtation o f the Irish and o f the German inu rests in the city shou'd b e recognized in the new Board,but as it would be necessary to give up half the comma icrestag ceremony took pia.c yesterday afternoon Australian advices are to tbe IStn of February. Ban- sion for this object, tbe idea could not be entertained a ssecretaries. There will be between four and six27,683 Institutions of the public correction provided for by this 7o,l»6 act. But the loreguing shall not relate to the House ofart. Isaac Y. Fowler, Edwin Croswell,i, Wm. F Ruesell aad 3anford E. Church,out my aid. as far aa lies in my power, to relieve themfrom sll emoaxraasment, in respect to my name at least, The BumoF exhibited the watch owned and used by Refuge, nor the Juvenile Delinquent Asylum, nor the plaintiffs ask for an order on th- general assignee to makeanaaatoJ They report oa Monday at nine o'<there will be a-struggle to All tbe vacancies with Dooglaaplorable result m toe present distracted state of the country. I was anxious to have a tair and full ex- pression of the profarsooB of Virginia Whether that haa been done or not, it to not proper now to dtacues beRev. J. W. Bond, his travelling companion. It is now in the purpose of distributing its Bald powers of governtoe possession ot Rev. J. W. Bond Wood. Thts relic was ment, or as heieinafter provided. The Board may dbtlne Samuel Bowles, Ftq., editor of the, Springfield Sepub&c.The general impression seemed to be tbat toe bailoutwould not go up, a n d , indeed, the uncertain state of theweatherwouldhavebeensufficientexcuseforapostpone tbehonorconferrednpoahimtothusselectiughimas Sec10.TheBoaruofCommiasloneraaforesaidshall,DESPATCH.meat, ss there waa every indication of a storm, and itwaa blowing very bard; bat Mr. Connor had mode up ulsmind to go, aad go he would, and did. Professor Wiw remarked that, should the gentleman come back ail safeafter his ascension to the upper regions yesterday, tbat beshould nave no fear of trusting him hereafter. whichof dtetiagwshed integrity.Guthrie should bo selected b y t h e National Convention with Southern unanimity, he will of course get the entire htoabwagth toraa oat to be greatly reduced, aad bia Southern vote, and the publ.c being so impressed with the strength of their candidate, he would come oa Penn- sylvania, New Jersey, N ew York, Connecticut, Rhode bland and New Hampshire with the strongest auspices,ftiemds are becoming scared and desperate. Aaioaff his bat* from New York la Mr. Belmont, of tbe boom I, who, it la mid, baa aa tatereat in Douglas• apseujiiorynotore.Hart will be a bard fight aboul Dooglaa, aad alao asuch as would insure a triumphant success.If w e concur la this opinion, then your course shouldbe such as wdl secure to the country the benefit of your services either to tbe Cabinet or In the Senate, giving a conservative direction to tbe measures of the fe- deral government to the support of an enlightened andSec. 23 So mush of section 25 ot an act endued "An Aotto amend the Chart.•> of tbe City of New York," passe1April14,16S7,asrelatesto,oraffectstheAlmshousede- TheTurinOpinwnestatesthatineightortondaystoomat emteat about tbe admiaiioB of the New dignified policy.It baa not been common for me to take such a deep in-Three divisions of General Claldiai'a troops have taken position to tbe Romagaa, Parma, and Modena. Ferrara, Bologna,aadRavennaareoccupied.Tort Heart Hall delegation- T b eptam will oppoaa l o t b e teattfteor aspoaoan. They aflbct to ormoMtet tkaatOMd a their own tovor; b a t tb e feeling of many ofto* Maera datogotee a ao atroag ia favor of MoaartBs^tetoabprobabtobalf of tbat delegatioa and half of credulity of our people renders them ever too reedyProfessor Delarue has been appointed Mulster Extra-to throw up their cops to tbe highest bidder -for to* ethersidewillbe admitted, aa waa doaeat Ctochv popularravor;andthus,mydearsir,you arccalledon,mil. Tbeheadquarters of tat Regency rtslagarkm are under these portentous circumstances, to resist the tor-at tbe tstabinmmest of Walter k Sons, the ocewswonerscontjev-.idull. Tbepastoral districts bad sufferedTHE CHARLESTON CONVENTION. Monday. [From the Richmond Enquirer. April 20 }The foliowing latter speaks tor itself. It malntaina the JadgtSmalley,thechairman,andtwoother nvoahnw exactpositionwhichwehoveconsistentlyadvocated,aadDD.fRev. J. MoCiintocx, D.D., Rev. J. Holdich, D.D.. sion restores him to a position in public point of view Alternate—Rev. L M. Vincent. which hto connection with the Police Board bad decidedlyjPrworemre—Rev. D- W. Clark, D.D., Rev. M. D- & Impaired.of an appropriate character, within and without, appliedin every style of art, and cost *26C. The presentationBreech was made by Mr. Walker Sr., en benalf of theam, bat tbe majority of tbe committee are anti Douglas. rouse the delegates who have been chosen will Mceosari- The New) York delegation a n very much divided ly have to declare that preference, and their action ought not to be impugned or impaired In advance. Whether toaat Douglas, aad ao tt will be found to be about tne. TOice of the Sute haa been truly expressed or not,I besJtole aot to admit that its preference baa not been de-looked upon with great interest. the respective duties and authority of subordinates, and All tbe business oofore the Conference having been fix their respective designations or office, and fix theirtransacted, the Secretory read the minutes; after which compensation. And until otberwtse provided for by the Bishop prefaced the reading or the closing hymn by cemmissioners, tbe wardens, chaplains physioians, clerkssaying tbat as the Rev. Wm. P . Corbit waa about leav and subordinates who may be to office, shall remain in.it an, are atopping at tbe Brevoort House.T. W. Waiters, Esq., of Washington, D. a , is stopping at tbe New York Hotel.^Lopaldtog, withtoe iaoteerege. _ _ , ,Douglas, to which Oa Douglas•to Convention as a anft. '^|risstoa at, and declared theyand Gallagher made a Best morte bod, of deceased, when they daww a a I f a c t o r e d , a n d t b a t t h e b r o i n _Mead Superintendent ;A.Kshall be paid monthly into tbe bands of the Board of C o m m H s i o n e r a , a n d b e b y t h e m p a i d o v e r t o t b e O t t y Chamberlain,aadameaaoriBdamthereof filed withthe Department o: Finance of th» City and County of NewYork.Sec. 10 The Commissioners may open an account w n nall paupers committed to tbe Workhouse, charging them with all tbe expenses incurred by tbe city for their boardM sftyteet^t^aT.o children. Jacoi Ury. William itraham, l t ? s w s u V a a s m O 1> P h i l l i p s . A R i c h a r d a a d l a d y . * . B l u m MwarCOirsaore.Mrsk lumoemick. MissnHerd.Jonathan Cordites, Jr. Joan B Poien. John Polen. Julius luter, ad wardnaarw* H Waliaek M J Topfride. Wuttam andera, waeand two children.* *aaa, Penry Mayer,T A Wrtrtt. TfeosBshoddiek, Mrs MeGuirk and two children. Mrt w C Uiden. Mrs Capt W J Coccke Mrt M A Dow, Mad a* Tlbon nard.Mrs Cottagwood. aud 180 In tbe steerage total Mshall, and the vessel does not soil to-coy to TbeHammcalawillmostlikely „aad tranship Oa passengers end cargo to New YorkTHI Pont's bmn BmoAMt—Tbe Limerick Arnafsh mys—It to reported that orortaroi bows been made totbe men of toe ^ P P ^ L ^ ^ S ^ ^ J S Z F t .Ja hi•tonbttnoaFridays— obanBsf of Wiinaaa JotmmmRsv. Mr. Ct>nBrr WM transferred to the New JMOOJ fenforeaae, one will bo stotioaod at Trinity obarch, Jer HI CiiVTbe Conference was uismmsed with the baacdictom by 1 £r. Bangs.fine and hifhly * « ^ ° i X ^ £ ? 2 ? t a - S l S ^ ? fieldtobor.batseemtodoubtwhethertbelawwouldper-nit them toaccode to toe foroiga often node.MiMiof those of,andwillKtOUBSPECIALr-ABHINGTONDISPATCH. Wjsaorafoir, April XI, 1Sflfltat • report that V . W. Corcoran, I SUdaQaad Bright, ban leftfori, tf rmoessary, of investing beti iwo millions of dollars to defeat Douglas,ArroniTBixMT o r T H * BTBMMCBB B Y C MPTBOIXEK HAWS—OBGAMIIATIOM OF THB BOARD.aad apart from each other, theaad as far as possible to Banes theso that tbe novice to craneby tbe evb example of, or by ^ — . w th, the more hardened end con firmedterest in the political arena, and I should not do s o now, didInotperceivesuchominousbreakersahead,sodan- gerous to our character as a n honorable and Intelligent nation, ao hazardous to the Union, and to such sod n o tettoa of t h e Christiaa a a d moral destinies o f repub- lican AmericaA P -reloaded.Sec Z* This act shall toko eaVX Immediately.Tbe Swiss Federal Council bas addressed o circular to tbe Powers wbo stojnod the convocation tor a congress.Our country to to tbe greatest Jeopardy—jacobin km aad low demogogutom a n rampant; the honestCltjr I s u e l l f g c a r e .PmnKsitnos TO Maaaunas I r a joaraxv— Ao to-Tbe Madrid GascOt publishes a decree degrading Geoe- rol Ortega. Elio has been captured. Tranquility prevails evorywbem.rent, and with your groat tniluenee to endeavor to set election of J. B. Beach (progressive). The Conference attheMillsBouse,sad thoee oftheWooddelegation at conservatismonthemootstablefoundationsMelbourne advices announce the suspension of N. at R. Guttendge, wbo were Interested In the Geetong sad Bal-laratrailwa> contract.The Parto Bourse had been nrm. Tbe rentes closed o athe 6th at 6V1 96c , or ab-ut the same aa the day prcvi cua. ConsolsclosedontbeTibatMXa H\.BaringB-othersreportUnitedStatesuveadeclinedtoa. Andrews HaH Tbe latter orgaaMd today, FamaadoWith the soost sincere esteem aad regard, I ban the then balloted for two rosnrve delegates, resulting in the of ihe"law, as his activity in all matters for tbe reforma were held in proto:tin^ the proper;y of the above honor to remain, your obedient servant. election of L. M. Vincent. Hon of criminals baa established him among the Jadgas named firm from destruction on the n'ght of the 30th of.j•AT MORNING, APRIL 22, 1860.greeted by bto numerous friends with t h e moot beartj- to which ho responded b y waring bto flag.totbe soma ia which Professor Wise ss- toe 19th instant, sad boa air *dy to our columns. I t received b u tfrom that trip, tad that waa to tae bas tat ; batastring,hereaadthen, madeitoagoodasnewcharge, aad shall keep sa accurate account of tbe aome Sec. I A Each superintendent, warden, o r chief officer son, democrats. Mr. Draper w as one of the original shall, once to each week, report to the Commissioners the Tea Governors, and far soma seven yean Presiden. number of persons reeatred, transferred, stok, died, oad remain!ng In tbe respective institutions tinder their coarse;of the Board. It was during bto term that the pub oho tbe quantity aad kind of labor performed: aad toeFavorableEffect*tftheCommrrcinlTreaty Bnwtei Piaiec aid England.Reception o f a French General at the Vatican.Occupation of tho Legations by Sardinian Troops.TRANQUILITY IN SPAIN.ARRESTOFHEENAN, THEPUGILIST,Tbe steamship America, Capt. Milter, from Liverpool etb30A.M.oftbe7tb,viaQueeastewa 8th,arrivedat Halifax at nine o'clock yesterSay morning She brings £8 passengers for Halifax aad 71 for Boston, for which port she sailed at noon yesterday, and where she will be doe th's evening.A sbfp wss seen on fire April —, off the Scilly Islands, apparently an American cotton ahip. Her masts wore all gone, and a schooner waa alongside of ber.The political news is unimportant.H»-enan was srrested near Derby early oa the morning of Good Friday, and was kept in custody until tbe day the America sailed, when he would be brought before the magistrate. It was supposed the light would beiade- tinltely postponed.It waa reported that the Greet Eastern would be ready to aaii with the squadron which accompanies too Prtoeo ofWalestoCansdaearlyinJune.Tbe reported negctiotisna for an offeuttve and defensive treaty between France and Denmark are contradicted.Tbe Moniteur notices that the treaty or commerce with England bas already begun to exercise a favorable in- fluencc on the export trade in tho southern departmenta of France, and considerable orders for wines a n d spirits had been received.Negotiators are going on betwoen Rome a n d Naples relative to the entry of Veapolitan troops into the States oi the Church. The result was not known.can spore one million, and Slidell and Bright hah* a mil- Processor Wise lost his anchor, so a new one wassubsti to fill a vacancy. Hi* general popularity, and the stronglion each, and not feel % much, s o the knowing ones in financial circles assertTHEPRESIDENCY.Niw YORK, April 1«, lflflfl.Boa. Jarnaaoa DAVIS,TJjrrm> auras Stoin,WA3HLV<J TCB,D.0.MT DtiB SIR-I need not say to you that it would afford me the highest sattofactkm to learn that you had received the Charleston nomination, act only oat of personal n ipect and attachment, bat because I feel the moat perfect confidence that, should you be elected, yea would 1111 the Preoldeaanl chair with gnat dignity aad character aad the moat lofty patriotism, entirely free from tbe per atotoos tonwtsaasj o f parttoaa cliques, who b a n a o inte-nd soma heavy clothing, bags of saad for a Ufa preserver, a compass, s a d soma smal articles, constituted too contents of tbe basket We alsiinterest which he baa since atsnifostod to all matters tending to reform and amobonte tbe sources of crime, will make his appointment particularly lit and acceptable.aerial trips, yet he had the good sense to aeposia ^^^0 *t o - "*B 'M M U *o r weakensadcheese nodoubt thinking that theairwould cause agreattoof the appetitetaitottab of the balloon was commenced at fouro'clock, and aa it rose from the platform and becanw visible to those who had been patiently waiting outskie mmerchant lately retired from business H e b o s alwaystokenastrong interestia whigand republican poUt.csorder to got o sight of it os it want up, itWM received with shout sfter shout. At Ave sioners, appointed by Comptroller Haws under the proo'clock everything wot dcomred to be to nadi- Ttokmsof the recent act, wen sworn Into office. Iney ness, sad the holding of tbe Ganymede was con ore:—fided to some twenty gentlemen, who nekt it in Bucb a manner toot it waa ewaatsa each iadrrUoal regnrdeuitaa a special favor to be permitted to touch any portion of the balloon. But the honor did not last very mag, as a few moments after Mr. Conner had taken hat position lu tn e wicker c a r , a a d Protestor Wise h a d Battened himself that all was as tt should bo,and given a few di rections to the aeronaut, tbe order, "Lot ber go," was given, and away she went, s o n enougn scarcely giving the single passenger time to steadv him self. It cleared the adjacent hauses in splendid style, and soared off ia a northwesterly direction. After being op for a few moments Mr. Connor found tbat tbe bolloou was not going to the cfoudo fast enough, aad threw ou 1 some of his ballast, which hod the deetred effect, for ia less than ten minutes from the tone the order to "go" was given, he waa lost among the clouds.Then was a much larger number of persons prasoat to witness tbe as jension than was then on ThursdaySimeon Draper,/^p jMcses H. Grinnou, (rep.) Jas. a Nicholson, (aem.) They then proceeded to the Almshouse and organized,Mr. Draper was appointed President, and Mr. Bell Secre tory. Tbe old Commissioners surrendered the books, Ac, of the office, and the new Commissioners then de- parted for the Island with the Comptroller, to take pos session of the property there.After having been properly sworn into office by Judg* Bonney.ol the Supreme Court, the four Commissioners as aembled at the Rotunda in the Park, for th e purpose of effecting a permanent organization of their Board.On motion o f Mr. B a a , Mr. Grinnell took tbe chair pro km. and a ballot for president was immediately had resulting in the election of Mr. Draper by a vote of three m htoffavor—blmeelf voting for Mr. Grinnell.Weal m tbe chair fifty to" lelegatee answered to their AliDL HAMILTON. The delegates elected are as follows: ss a recognised minister for tbe dispensation of pardons January last. Tbe Bible is a beautiful specimen of work and other interposrtiots of judicial mercy. Mr. Draper'srtiaftin" the balance of tbe seventy are expected o a HENRY A , WISE DECLDH8 TO GO BEFORE Cbsa ante R ev Benjamin Griffin, Rev. A. M Oabon, re-election to bto old position as President of the Commis- manahip, being a medium folio, covered with decorationsof ab* fftlfri"' Daascerotaj Committee, oat of four pre- which w e expect to see sMuntstood at all times by the Rev. J tt Beach. Alternate—1. H. King.candidate of oar choice. H ad Governor Wise desired to While the tellers were absent the Conference proceededMaryland fives bonds, 96 a 96; Virginia sixes, I860, S3 a M; do. fives, 1888,82a84,Pensylvania fires, 83; do. bonds of 1ST7, h' a S7, Pennsylvania Central Railroad shares, 88?4', New Tork Central tevene, 89 a 91; lo. sixes, 86 a 87; Illinois Central shares, 42 discountBell A Son n w i an average business, without quota- ble change. :'cited States 6'e, bonds, 1868, 96 a 98;l do.6s,91Jia0Vi;Alabanu6's,bonds,76a77;alaryland6's, bonds, 9. a 97; Pennsylvania 6's, bonds, 102o 104, Ohio 6's, 1876, 97 a 98; Pennsylvania 6's, 64 a 86; Vir- ginia 6 s, 18b8, 82 a 84, Montreal 6 s, 80 a 82; Illinois Cen- tral 7's, 1860 (freeland), 89a90; do. 6'a, 77 a 79;do. 7'B, 89 a 90; Michigan Central 8'a. 1869, 8 2 a 6 3 , New York Central 6's, 86 a 86; New York Central T's, 9*2 a 93; Erie Railroad7's,firstmortgage,89a91;do.secondmortgage,Such waa the feeling aeataJ by tbat aottaa taoag t h e Soathern delegationi tbat they held •trtmrt and passed reaabtttma denouncing the ooaduot sf Mr. Smalley, aad tbe members of tbe Qmantwteo teemed it advfcableto reconsider their deamoa to-day; bit, aot having a quorum, they ware unable to net, aad stjourned till tonight. There is every reason to believe flat tbe decision will be reversed.escence.The further refusal to permit his political fortunes to b ofa* edttp eato Weed.d'etat of tbeRegency willinjurethem a a dBee 4 . Tbe departmenthereby created a n d exercise fullTbeantiDocgtoa delegatesofBlinoiehavenot yetre- eavtd their tickete.tbe Albany Regency aad Tammany Hall dete-cially of the Almshouse aad Workhouse, of the nurseries $i2,660 for poor and deatit ite children, and dt the county LunaticTJmlted S t a t e s C i r c u i t C o u r t . Before Hon Judge Hsjll.Oawford, Rev.W.H.Ferris, Rev.PaulR.Brown,Thefollowingtoanabstractoftbeactunderwhichthe new Boardto organised:—firm,andrespondedtobyMr.IsattiFergusonfortheComi<any. After wricb, a subbtantial collation was 92, Masfcacbusf Us (Ives, bonds, 1C0 a 103, ex-dividend ;seat,tamedttoketebatnightforaeataoatbefloorofOaavoidthetimehonoredusagewhichrequirestnatthetoadmitseveralyoungmen"ontrial"asministers.The AaWTBACT. spread,ofwhichtheassembledcompanypartookTbevctoeofVirginiademocracyshallbesamamortosoout, to one of tbe two New York aelegattona he could, we opine, nave found more than one etrong pre- ,to that beaded by Dean Richmond, i c l refused text for such avojeaaca to the present taatnaoe. The iaatopatabto fact of bis being preferred to all to tbe Wood aelegaltoa pending tbe decision of the other caadidates by a large majority of the Virginia Stale• of IConvention; tbe opinion of loading men of all parttoa, aadfoliowingbrethrenwen admitted ascandidatesfordeo- oone —George Cmrke, J. O Shrtoe, S. B. Otbarman, 8 J Ferguson, J. W. Ackerty. Henry Jackson of Canada, Eli M. Lockwood aad David Howell.A resolution waa unanimously adopted thanking Biahop Scott ior the calm, kind and dignifiea manner lu whichhe discharged his official duties; assuring him tnat he would bave on interest in their prayers and enduring Christian regard.AnActtocreateinIheCityandCountyorNewYorkthe Departtaent of Public aharttiee and Correction, and to ab-disb ibe Almshouse Department therein Passed April 17, I860.Sec. 1 provides for the creation of the Department of Public Charities and Correction. Tne chief officers to be four in number, to be doncminated "Commissioners of Public Charities and Correction."Sec. 2 provides that they shall b e appointed b y t h e Comptroller, and that their term cf office shall be fiveManhattanCompanywasorganised10I80O,anuhasbeen in active operation since. and tbe present recognition of tbeir servHws, In vt;w of fbe fact irtat when they were summoned to the lire in question, tn-»y had already been en duty twelve hours at a hie else v'tere, was deemedespecially appropriate and deaervel.TUB SHIP JACOB A. WKSTEKVKXT—This vessel, whichwaa almost altogether destroyed by fire a week ago, nowties lu tho East river, near the Atlantic dock, where she isdischarging ber cargo, the great proportion of which isonly Injured by water Capt Williams, who was incharge of tbe vessel at tne lime of tbe accident, ailhougd absent en shore, is tbe taoie officer who commanded the Andrew Footer,tbat waslost by collision IntheIrish Channel about three years a g o . X&e remnants of t h eootttaatod aaato, which is, of ooarae, even of many of bto opponents, tbat he is the choios of a lemrded aa a high headed amaanre by the Moaart BaU large majority of the people of his State—the fact that his opponents b a n twice threatened to destroy the unity of farty, and aa prejudging their oaae. They attribute that the vote rather than permit it to be coat in bia favor, have-all been disregarded by Gov. Wise. H e refuses to permit his friends to pot his name forward as the first choice of the Virginia democracy "where than to the least ground of cavil or mistake" as to the harmonious expression of such preference. This is thejust pride of a true man, and meets our cordial approbation and acqui-The RBHOF thanked the Conference for the marked re-spect and attention that bad been paid to him during bia years. In case of vacancy the Board shall fill it for thet « to t h e faet that Mr. Smalley ia a atroag partisan of Dngtos, who waa born in tbe same State.visit to New Y ork, a n d said thai h e would remember their kindness till the end of his eartiity pilgrimage.On mourn. Rev. B. Griffin was requested to preach a semicentennial sermon some lime during tbe session ot the next Conference.Rev. Dr. W. P. STKCBXAND presented a report of the Colonisation Society, stating that it had done more for me elevation of tbe African race than all other human agenciesunexpired term. In case of non agreement, such vacancy to be filed b y the Judges o f t h e Superior Court within thirty cays from the time of inch vacancy: and in de- fault oi their appointing them, the Supervisors are direct- ed to appeal the matter for the Court of Appeals to fill the vacancy. Three months preceding the expiration of the five years aforesaid, the said Comptroller shall pro- ceed to appoint four ComstiBSioners for the term of sixmadethesubjectof''0110111010pledges"restsontoesomeground of proud smcerity. The name of Henry A. Wtoo combined, and asking that the Conierenoe sustain Ui- years. The Commissioners first appointed to take tbe oathu/esierveit are yet susceptible of repair and improve 81 a 83; do. third mortgage, 68 a 70; Erie convertibles,is not the sort of name to be logrolled into a Presidential Domination Whenever a delegation from Virginia shall present his name to a Notional Convention, they moat act aa a unit, without bargain or alternate arrangement withhe friends of say other candidate.Like Gov. Wise, we abstain from any discussion at pre-sent as to the manner to which the preference of the State bos been or shall be expressed That matter now rests wnh the dt legatee already elected, and must abide with them—subject only to tneir representative obligations. With them rests the whole duty and responsibility. Let them b e entirely unembarrassed in the fulSlment of that duty and the unavoidable assumption of its attendant re- sponsibilities:—LBTTbK FROM HEJJKY X. WI3K- WA«HL\UTO.> CITY, April IS, 1890.I hare been requested to meet a number 01 my friends, delegates to Charleston, at Richmond, on tbe 10th inst. when Deaa Richmond waa unanimously Iklermining not to do so, lor obvious reasons, 1 have come lo this city for family purposes alone, 00 my way to chairman, and Peter Oaggar aad J. a attend tcrprofessional duties in Accomac. Y et, my sense •f duty to my frienus requires me not to leave tnem with-efforts of the agent, Rev Valentine Buck. CUTBCH 8T A T13T10S.The following are the statistics of the New Yoik Con- ference for the year ending April, I860 —of office and file tbe same with the County Clerk.Sec. 3. The four Commissioners shall constitute a Board of Control over the department, three of whom to consti- tute a quorum. The Board shall appoint a president forfive years Each Commissioner to receive a salary of three thousand i ol'.ars a year. The abrogation of the Almshouse and oiflce of "governor," with tne transfer of books, property. \ c . to take effect on the 20th or April.ment, and an expenditure of trom $45,000 to $50,000 will put her ailoat as otout and as etauncb a trait as ever sailed Capt. WirTtams, whose coo; and seatnanllke qualities bave been already alluded to m our report of the fire, continues in charge, and it i« to be hoped that ere long both ship and captain will be ouce more bounding over the seas.Tux ST. GKOKUK'ti SOCDSTV—Wo perceive by our ad- vertising columns that the St. George's Sootety will cele28 a 30; do. do., 1866,102 a 103; Pennsylvania Central 6'a, first morUags, 88 a 90The steamship Asia, from New York, arrived at Liver- pool on tbe btn.Tbe steamship Hammonla was to leave Southampton on the 9tb, for New York, In place of the Boroasia, which bad broken her mala shaft.THE VERY LATEST. BT TKLBGIUPB TO QCKKNSTOWM.Loar>o-i, April 8,1800. despatch from Rome 3 d , received v i a Marseilles,MembersDeatna past yearProbationersLocal PreachersAdults BapttaeaChildren BaptisedNumber or ChurchesProbable valueNumber of parsonagesProbable valueCollected for Conference claimanta Collected for missionsCollected for Tract Society Collected for Bible Society Collect*d for Sunday school Unioq Number of Sunday Schools Number of officers and teachers Number of Sunday school scholars Number of volumes in library82,767 3 8 0 6 ,4 6 1 200 1,73H l,«0i 339fl^69,*30 9# «22i,760 $6,011i s empowered and exclusive powers for the government, management, maintenance and direction of tbe several institutions and buildings, and premises and property, aad appurtenances thereto, whichwere under control of the Board of Governors, and espe-u the Charleston Convention. The division of sentiment Btehcp Asbury, wbo died In th? year 1816. It will be re House of Detention of Witnesses, nor the County or She in Virginia, 1fear, may tend to destroy the unity of too membered that he waa the Urst Bishop of the Methodist riff's Jail.such transfer. Argument was heard, and the Court re served its decision.Personal Intelligence.Baron and Baroness do Longuiel, of Montreal, andA despatch trom Naples of the 7th says tbe cihcial 9urual' de Xapolic announces that the rebels at Palermo attackedtheroyaltroopsonthe4A.Tberebelsweredispersed. » TheQwrnakdeRamtoftoe7thbastbeappointmentofGenera. Lamoriciere as Commander ia Chief of the royol troops.toreappointedacommitteetoreportnamesto111 democraticpartyintheState.AndnothingwhichIcanChurchinAmerica.Tbewatchwaaanoldfashioned Sec6TheDepartmentiaempoweredtoappointand do shall be omitted to prevent such o de- Englishverge one,and wasgiven byBishopAsburyto removesuihsubordinateofficers as itshallseefit,forclosing prayer. Tbe brethren and congregation then •ear Northern delegations which ware claimed for clared for me; and I would not claim it where there waa united to ainging the hymn commencing—the Commiaaioners, except it be appropriated aooordingto law. and tha* no Commissioner or subordinate of tbeDepartment snail be in any way interested in any con at the S t Nicholas Hotel.yet been suppressed.COMMERICAL INTELLIGENCE.TheBrokers'anaotberLiverpool circulsrs worepub-we least ground of cavil or mistake. Whoever else tne aba. tt was ropposed that nearly ail the Mew England preference has been expressed for, tt has aot been ex- aad thsee of tbe Northwest, would go for pressed for me. Without the voice of Virginia, clearly and indisputab.y declared for me, I do- bmatarescuttbatMtoneeotaisdivided,amisotoctaetoallow mynametobepraoented pri- marily belore tbe Convention for a nomina-And let our bodies port,To different climes repair, Inseparably joined in heart, TbefriendsofJesusare.Everett, Esq , Prison Inspector for this State, are stopping tract for suppliea. Colonel J. B Loach, or Texas; Colonel a W. Pratt, ofjury, sfter das deliberation, won constrained to nader the following verdict s-*« Death from compression of too bram, frwma fracture of too skull, the result of tajartos received, but bow or to what manner to the jury un kaowa." Lyon was a warn of New Jersey, sad wa twentyfiveyearsofago. Hewoo formerly IBtheem- ployment or Adams * Co., as aa express driver, sad waa always looked upon s s a quiet, sober and industrious man.Daaia o a a a Umurowa Max m Pmsox—The Coronerwas notified to hold an inquest a t t b e Jefferson narkfltPeaceCourtprison,uponthebodyofaaunknownmanwho was found dead to bto oeli. Deceased, it appeared, committed on Tbnrsdoy, by Justice Kelly, for on.andwasservingoatatermoftondaya, whoa b o was sototd with a sudden illness, s a d expired hoveJoatadjourned after aboutfiveo'clock theteliowtog afttreom. On.Beachtroretrar, B Doypoteher J A Qulnty, U * HaseNtne, R * ('axe. J WThompson. P F Wstairs li Martrail and lady, • Aldnch,I Baaaeu, u b Gibson and tads. C P Coudlct. 11 W ttteraardiWhalebone quiet bat tending upward.A r r i v a l o f t h e V i n a a t H n l l f a v i . ILturax. April 81, 1860.Tbe steamebtp Vigo, from Liverpaol 4th, rta Qoeooo town 6th. for New York, bas put in here short cf cool., with Goo, noshing.rJocTBJUtrTOB, April loot before tbe lisaitoui of toe• flab Pennsylvania Tarn More Bills TbeGoveraar•*» wm MM ban * «•*,Utodote-by the uovtrasr. to withbreolhltosattention.reasonablecompensationfortootartarporformau.ana at tbeexpirationof tbe term ofsentence. Ifsny balance shall be found to be due them, may pay the aome in cash ottbetimeoftheirdischarge. _ _KMurpky.Bxehaer.Copthadford.HCratsbead,MmCraig faradaidchild,MraCarey.DCGuy.W8Hooamaa.MrT.idd, .1 a. M vera. MWs Hanoall, Miss A Randall. Mist White, aflat1 Brown,1JJohnson.HJ Robertson.P lane.T" BAkers,J Hinsiuw- and 10 to Un steerageis/geclotofblood. Deathhad by toto 1ajury to aba bostt waa itoeivtd was not' gam th* altenevidently•miaptMWid*?for•te payment for work doneand M l To furniihodoB8ec. U . U t U U| | t M ^ t f l h t said BoBjr4tf Cam-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069smg tbe Conierenoe he would desire him to make theT. R. Lambert,of Boston, are stopping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel. been suppressed after aa obstinate combat in tbeSenator H. B Anthony, of Providence, R. I., and J. T streets and bouses. Tbe insurrection at Messina had notpnyer.tnvckligpbjncal, Intellectual and moral power may be employed in the Workhouse, but that criminaia tor which State Mr. Farley will lead off the oppo tica. In no event am I willing tbat it shall cause any di- upon the ministry. The commitrtee on the examination shall not be associated with paupers and vagrantsNavy; Mr. P D Craig, or tbe United States Army; Rev. graphed to Queenstowo ia season for tbe North American. Mr Stringfellow and family, of Lndtanapilis; F. C. Gru The markets were all closed 00 Good Friday, aad also to-aniontoaim foolRGeorgewindotbesameforNew V»WBortoevoteofourdelegatioa. Ibegmyfriends, therefore,nottoofibrmyname,buttounitecordiallyBtwpshtrt.aadQeaeral BettorforMiasBrhnoetto.Gen. withtoomajorityofthedelegation,aadtopresentthe voie of ihe State a unit before tne Convention. I requestWaaaey.efawMsn,axaeetotobetoeloads*of them> them,too,todothisingoodfaith.wlinoutexactinganyal-ternate pledges whatever. Let Virginia be a unit as tor-'r Tftabrtebumaisilnift nntinn Tbeoontastcd thenomination,letheradheretoherconstitutionalprin-ciples, unit or not, and let the harmony of the demoora- oantwatotheBftoMismrhnsettsdistricttolikelytoginticpartybopreserved.ThistosllIbantosaytomyofthecharacteroftbeRev.Mr.Wallsworth, reported whobavenotbeenconvictedotcrime. TheCommis- favorably,aathechargeofunmtalstorialconductwasnot sionersmaytransferandcommitfromtbeCityPrison, sustained,and,onmotion,hischaracterpassed. Penitertiary'orAlmshousetotheWorkhouse,ortoanyTbe Bamor said that it would be desirable to address sucb parte of Blackwell's Island as are set apart for purtheConference,buthewaspressedfortime,andwould I*osefe of public criminal correction—subject tosimply congratulate them on the spirit of brotherly love tbe prohibition or company and association tbotprevailedduringtheirdeliberations. aforesaid—the following classes or persona*—Per-gan,Esq,andC.Pepper,Esq.,bothofPhiladelphia,are stoppingattheMetropolitanHotel.Arrivals aad departures.ABOITALB.day. ThereIsconsequently nothing later Tbefollow- ingiswhatadditionalinformattonwecangatherastothe LiverpoolandLondonmarketsprevioustoFriday:—LOUDONMAKJCETB.Barings' circular, published oa tbe evening of tbe Mbinsi,reportstbemoneymarketslightlyeasier. Consolston iemoontrouble.Senator John aid* 11, of Loutolana, arrived this morning, desiring to distract o r divide the democracy. And this» « W TORXPrttUHng Elder, Rev. A . M. Osborn.brtegteg a toner tram Senator Davis, withdrawing ha name as a candidate tor the Presidency, aad offering any one of some tt* ama whom be names. BanMoator.DtokbmMaamGotarto. Seaator bansmiilaammmmaoliatkio,thatlaaocasewill atottosippt rapport Dooglaa, and that it to bto belief a o •toe ia tbe Sooth will do so. Senator Wtgtaii, of Texas,amwrittenasimilarlettertotbeha.tavsadjoaraedtiBMndayalWiwo-e^••tog to prevent their programme being known, and thai •htvaojro with the Convention immediately after the» State, with O a Philadelphia o board, has arrived bora.will p s r -friends,andItrimit will notonlydisembarrass them,ment hereby created,providingtiielr own consent to such transfer or cominttal be obtained; pers ins committed b y magistrates as vsgrants or disorderly persons.See H Every person whose age andm t shalltne grounds under use of the department, manufacturing snob articles as may be required for tbe ordinary use of all the Inbl'tutions under the control o f t h e Cam jiisaion ers. preparing and building sea walla aroaad the islands, and at such mechanical or other labor as on trial shall£6 16s , for both rails and bars. Sugar doll and easier, but quotations unchanged. Rice firm a a d a l l qualitiesbut free my from the unjust Imputation of designing orDISTRICT.Coroners' OAtce.RJUID BYS o n TJxxaowa Maim—The inquest to theof the oakaowa man who died at the Now YorkIdreado Mr Butcher. Taos Rathbourne, Mr Button. <»eo Tan pen.MeesrsSeward,Mason,Wilson,PeterOaraugaL MrParker.fcuvAWHiu-Steamship Star ef toe Bourn.—Wm Lamb, B Hasaei K James, Chaa Petonon, W o Bates. Miss Jenniedecreased £388,000LIVERPOOL rnovisiojc MAjajrf.Ricbardson.Spence AOo. report oorhomady, with a laige business in oM at 64a a 67a 6d. Beef steady. a sHospital on Friday morning, from t b e effects of injuriestotbe head, received ia some manner unknown, was n -samed yesterday by Coroner Jack-man Deceased wasItenttflodi n W l S o i EL Lyon, a reokleut of No.119 West Fortyfifthstreet,whohodbeenmissingsinceThursday. Fortythirdstreet—AbrahamDavis. No evidence going to show hew or to what manner de- ceasedreceivedbtomjurtea,couldbeelicited, sad thebe foi.3'1 to suit the capt;ity of the individual. It shallbe the duty of the Superintendent to use every proper Bates, Jamas Martin, i> Curtis, W A oyrea, Mao M almonds, eon steady. lard dull aad nominal. Taltew declined 6d.theand ehlid Mrs Leminda, nurse and bwo child en; Mrs Miller.MrsttascD.Mrs1>nier.MrsJuddcourt.MiaJMTurner,MianB hpcrreu. Miss Kohulta, Miss Chaws MMs Hutober. arm MissSherreU; Rev K ecott, DrSurling, Dr Plnkney, Dr Uvings sugbtiy higher. Tea quiet at Is. 4)fd. s l a 6 d Spirits ton, aov D B Mtohoto, Messrs FdO Zea Bermudas aad stale turpentine firm sad slightly advanced; sales at Ids. Cof- servant hernials Hykaratoa; R B Forbes. Holders, Ducheu, fee firm. Oils: sales unimportant Tallow quiet at 60s. Cata, Loje. Carotltera. Lowory. Kell, Balleotro Paebeam' 00 tbe spot. Bar sdver, 6a. l * d . Dollars nominal. 1bosBlekett,Plofcup,J.McDonald,1)CBarker,OFProwte Eagles.76s6d.ThebulliontotbeBankofEnglandhad J MLalng J M Laing. a V Oernaey. R Crlad. Jan Morgan,Central church—George 8. Han.Eighteenth street—M. D. C Crawford, E. E. Keyes, Sup Thirtieth street-J. W. Dndsoy, J. Campbell, Bap. Trinity—J. L. G. McKown.MMs Graves, u H Ming, G Hyde. Miss uwight, J 0 King, Horace tmitb and lady, P James. W D Booreee. Mist Booaaaa, RW barrto and tervant, W Muir, lady, two skudron and ser-vant: Mis Jane Wood, Mrs 8 B Feet P Hhone J H Stewart, BBWilson,APBishop,HBSmtthOaptACblldsandtad),A 6.000boles;stockInport«*£»bales. NowOrleans CbUcs. W A Donaldson—and 56 in the steerage. fret ordte-sr* 106f : d a 0 0 . 9W . Wnenl buoyant o a dEighty stxth street—P.Ward, A. C. Gallagher, supt. Fiftsthstreet-Wm.M.ChippandS.C.Perry,sunt. New York City Mission—w. H. Ferris, J. C. Washburn. Wssbiigton Heights—C. W. Lyon.Cu.»KLr.sTos—Steamship James Adger—George H Hoopoes: slkhtly hisber. Ashes dab. Coffee nrm. Oils te toneHarlem—B. M. Adams.Morrmanta—J. W. McComber.Tremont aad rordbam—J. A . Selleck. White Plains—H- LounsboryGroeaburg and Irvtngton—Samuel Oreott, Tarry town—A. C. Foes aad S. Marttndale. Boob's Forry—Lothor W. Peck.punifch such convict or pauper b y confinement, and h e shall be ted on bread aad water only, for such length of time as may be considered neoeesery, which refusal and punhthment shall forthwith be reported to said Board of Commissioners And in case any pauper shall refuse or neglect to perform the work assigned to him or Dor on three several occasions, the Boorl may expel sucb pauper from tho Almshouse.SeC. 9. The boors of labor, which shall not exceed teaper day, shall be regulated and fixed by tbe Commissionen, and the ar Icles raised or manufactured shall be subjt-ej10theironcerandplacedundertheircontrol. Alltbe grounds occupied by the deportment, or uhoer tbejuttodtcUoa of the Commissioners, not otherwise occupied,and which are capable of cultivation, shall be uaed toragricultural purposes, sad improved in such a manner aswiU yield t^e greatest revenue to tbe deportment; oadtoe proceeds arising rrom the sole of articles thus raised i'»«h lev ittSsy B.aryUtord CbtaUihifetoruumemd. from bore, far Mew York, aflaw wasYoDkers—L HKing,a a dW. G.Browningsupernu*Tw?aboe-A.MHuff.South Yonicra-Bobett H. Kefly.Cnartein to Westchester county almshouse, C. F . Pslton. J Holdtoh, D. a , Secretary of the American BibleSociety member Of St Paul's Quarterly Conference.J P McOtatook. D.D., President of Troy University—Member of St Paul's Quarterly Conference ^B Griffin, agent of tn« Tract Society, member of St.? C^«StoUA]LtoS-N* ^ $ i i £ £ m £ « On Ncwborg, MonUoello, Poughkens*FSSu. Msnoe. Pra.uv lie and Rhlnebock an u ^ e r e ^ f l V o a d tstoaagn aot loOaroottnrto the maturity of the btfge oudtooce aammbled to hear "the fate^ftaafrchonbaV'fo^ the year, wmy wen BatonedBURBA LEOxa-totoFseeudw-C^Jobji H ^ e m Uto Q Adams, of How Tork.North America, the following tea to Quesaetowa :—$2 480 $4,723 $1.1soAsylum, and of tbe Potter's Field, or other public burial place ot the poor and strangers in the city and county of New York, and especially also of the Penitentiary and City Prison, and various prisons and houses ot detentionAAPRIL 21 —1M Union Bank vs. Jacob L. Mott. and ano- says tieneral Lamonciere was receivednt the Vatican.republicans; Isaac B o o , J r . , s a d James B . Nichol-thatalthoughMr.Connorwaaaotinthehabit> MoanHGrinnelltoequallywellknownasaprominentJamesB.NicholsontoPrettdenioftheBalanceDockCmpany. He was Cbairnaa of toe Havemeyer Election, management and government of the department, andOmamtttes at Tammany Ball last year.Yesterday morning the new Almshouse Commlstspecially of said workhouse, ss may seem tothemne oeasary, and which shall not be inconsistent with the pro visions of tha act.Sec 17. Tbe Commissioners shall, whenever tbe increase e> inmates in, or the proper care and government of to- u sntutions or establishments on Randall's Island, or Btack- wetl s Island or tbe Believue Hospital, under their charge, or aay ot them, shall, to Jieir judgment, render it aeosoonry or expedient, bave power to enlarge, aid to or alter the buildings belonging to such institutions, and to erect other Mule logs on said wianda, or within tbe enclosure of Belie- vueHospital,fortheusesandpurposesofsaidinstitutions. The Commissioners shall also have power to lay out Pot ler's Field, to make enclosures therein to build vaults therein, and to provide ell necessary labor tbercfor, and fur iniermente thereto. T b e Commissioners shall an«o have power to make all needful repairs to building or property under its control.Sec. 1 8 . The Commissioners, or aay one Commissioner, shall have power to indenture and bind .out, as appren Uoes during their minority, any minor children wbo may oe under their core and control by reasons of tne provisions if this act, or of any other act of ton State, in the torma and with the provisions now prescribed by law ; and the Board or any Commissioner, shall have power, in their discretion, to cancel aucb indentures ; and they may bind out such children lor tbe employment of farming, or anyand directedt o possessbraie t b e anniversary o f their patron by a Delmonlco's on Monday eveningbanqueta t4635 <iz. in said city which are hereby particularly designated asBank, who allege that they have been defrauded by gations. Tbe secretary of the Duke Casaui had been ex Jacob L. and Jordon Mott, bankrupts. The plaiuuffs alsostate that W. C. Waddell, the general assignee unler the lied.oid bankrupt act, heldjproperty belonging to Messrs Mott A despatch from Florence aays the ambassadors ofwhich ought to be transferred to the Union Bank. Tbe England and France have taken down tb«ir eacutcheona.office.Sec. 6 provides that no moneys shall be expended byTbe official GiornaU of the Two Sicilies contains news W. W Corcoran, Esq , of Washington, D. C , and Rev. up to the 6th mat., to the t fleet that tho insurrection had^^g Be„ Jr(df)m .Mr. D a i r n returned thanks In a suitable manner for useful art or trade, to citizens of the adjoining Statespresiding officer. Ho wmild endeavor always to act for the public good and for the protection of the poor and friend lew. as well as for the punishment of evil doersand criminals.Mr. BELL was next choasa permanent secretary; afterannually, in the month of January in each year, mtice to the Board of Supervisors of the county of New York and the legislature of the State, a full report of their pro- ceedings, ana of tne condition of the department, and or all its receipts and expenditures of the preceding year.Sec 20 Requires tbe Supervisors to raise by tax tbe necessary funus for the department%Sec 21. Gives the Board of Supervisors power to exam iae in 10 the affairs of tbe Board, and the Governor power to remove, s s in the case of Sheriffs.Sec 212 Authorises the Comn.issioners to appoint an At- torney to the department, ana fix his compensation.Sec.1providesthatanypersonwbohasbeendulycom Mexico;ColonelF.C. Stevens, ofCalifornia;ColonelJ.Rev.Mr.CoKKitdehweredaaexceedinglyappropriate mutedtothecityprison,thepenitentiaryorAlmshouse C.Woods,ofTexas;Mr.E.Sevey,oftbeUnitedStates Uahedontbeafternoonoftbe6th,oadtbotrpontoontele-Duaoe street-Rev. T. B. Smith, W. P . Strickland.£weedish Bethel Mlsson—O. P . Peterson, O. G. Hod Strom, SupernumeraryGre-nestreet— Rev Chan. E. Harris.Five Points Mission—To be supplied.St Panto—J. B. Hagaay.Washington square—R. J. Foster.Bedford street-John Poisal, J. P . Newman, Sup. Jsne street—Wm H . Evans.healthstone, cultivatingtriment of said city. is bereby repealedSec 24 F«her ever, m any act or ordinance, not iaceninhabitants of Savoy and Nice will vote by universal suf- frage on the question of annexation to Franco.fittaiii with the pr. vi? ions of tnis a n . but applicable there-to, tbe worcs Aimhouae Department of the City ot N ewrLai occur, it shall be taken 10 mean ana refer to the de-partment hereby ereated; anl, to uxe manner,thewords Governor or Governors of tbe Almhoose. shall betaken to mean the CumnKmer dr Oommassiooers pro vtoecforbytodsact.andailprovisionsoftaworofordi ordinaryatLondonfortbeSwissCoafederattoa. saees. which are mcaamataat tnto this act, a n herebypractical Mr.Nicholson,whoisatrusteeof theRomanCatholic Orphan Apyium, was p u t on a t t b e request ofJames T. Brady and others. The appointment of Governor to Manhattan Steam Fire Engine Company No. 8, as Copper remained firm and in demand at £100 per ton. Bell wasoneoftheargumtntousedtojustifythepassage a token of the appreciation in whito their servicesbeing tbe preoeuiaaon of on elegantly bound Bible from drought. Tbe mining Intelligence was satisfactory.sons committed lor crime; persons to the LIVERPOOL—Steamship America—For Boston, Baronets do for money,94^ 0 94%, sad for account, 94>»a94S'-ThefollowingappointmentswerethenannouncedforAlmshouse,personsapplyingiorrelieftothedepart-BacaiMra,Mrs<*eZeaBermwleiandmaidservant,anHaltBreaostutlsdullbutsteady.Ironsteadyat£610s.abe employed i a gettingo u tmeans to tui ulsh convicto ana paupers with suitable empioytnentby contract; sach employment however aot tooonlikri or come into competition with any mechanical o rother emploj meet pursued by the people of this State.And in case any convict or pauper shall neglect or retimeto perform the work allotted to him or her by tbe peraoain charge, it aboil be the duty of the Superintendent to and lady, P 8 Beaumeast aad lady, aev P MeOorern J aan- inquiry, sad prices weak. Rtoe steady. lard steadyUntitled Documentw.Mrs b Bowes, Miss Mani: Van Resaalier aad tody.J i>WHbon>b O Holmes A Manning, lady and twe' ohttsreo, C I OToemen.JammCbolwell.PAOaBeaMBend WtoltooShe has 400 passengers, all of whom are well. probably leave to morrow for IMTaw York.She willKunhnrdaCCBsnjrr10*" ^sf^Mr* •rasterotbaikChaaWilliams,condemnedatotThomas.John kCo.,agentsoftoesteamsBicHBoan, ao •sMsnsmp Terfctowo—Coot Carltole. DrJ 8andmaintenance, andcrediting them wBh a « r ttt Woodsandlady,WHsthsrtdgeaad ladv,MrUtoboas,MrsJ cmeCmteri states ciumws aw Jcto a ^ ^ brigadeo I s Batchers' 66B. 6d. s 67a HAVBB MAJUOT.The Havre cotton market was doll ; sates of Onment of whichtoexpected,to •oxtgrate to New YorkjM- www.fultonhistory.com 