 !I rlsod urged that Douglas wai the genuine article, mud Breckinridge a dangerous counterfeit well cal- culated to deceive. Resolution* were then intro- duced indorsing the Little Giant, and declaring him the fir*t choice of the miner* for the Presidency.the chagrin of thecoricertew of the demon- u, -yfiktn thepr were voted down, nearly throe.on his right wrist. He succeeded in freeing his throat ened my vetr soul. They remember you,, and, mind, would lie given to the public; but as its publication foramomentfrom theirgripe,andshouted again for/ theywifyfollowyouforyears. Theycannotaffordto maybe&fserviceIhandit to you, with,the requesthelp with all Ws might; but he was choked until he' lei 8uch blood as Charles s live; it eodangers them."late themselves on this visit, and noble speech of ,the thunders of applause, which greeted hie triumphant vin-greatGerman-Republicanoralor. dicationoftbepeopleagains.theSupremeCourc; For The cadre of Re^ubliitaoism, and of its noble chief, nearly four hours oid he keep \be cn^widedC^Urt-Abraham' Lincoin,'is steadfly gaining ground in thisState. There is not a star ow of doubt or misgiving House enchained by his logic arid bis eloquence^ whaleamong intelligent Republicans that he will carry Illi- he held up tbe tergivensatioos of the Dearocratic puty^ nois by from ten to twenty thousand majority. Thekjpair serious damages which it had suffered. from the heavy rains. To his great astonishment, vised Mrs. Waffle to follow them as.soon as she heardlight procession marched through the different streets The President of tlie Haveretraw Lincoln and Hamlinof the city. About half the audience were Germans, Club is the Hon. Edward Pye; Secretary, G. S. Old- the vexed qneetion «.f Slavery he stands where theMcharacter. Believing- that Dr. Hambleton .would support. Judge Douglas if nominated, I did not feel that I'couldconicieotioutlyregainincoonectionwith an organ advocating his claims for the Presidency. Hence it was that I dissolved my connection with The Confederacy. • /•' •_--The Memphis Avalanche, fully impressed withthe necessity for an nnasual exertion, issues a proapectus which commences thus: - ," One of the most brilliant writers in the Union willsoon be added to the editorial corps of The Avalanche, andinafewdaysthepaperwillappearinanentire new drees printed on a new power press. Determined to make ourselves useful in the iresent struggle, we call upon the friends of Breckiuridge and Lane in ev- ery seetionof the South to j.n'n us ia dioseaiaating cor-m Mthetrtxtet*tkaxwgtheHibernianballad,"Och,Tota ofwhichvrashiegonCharles. JChiJswoethecauseofHenry'sbrother,AlexanderofPrinceton,hasnotyet -beJoreusthecommandingfact,thatwithoutearlyedu-MMings. He .went into;the house, atmy. BOOT* > return-, have been near, returned and left the body riddled with > From The PhiUtiUlphia^orth American.. ,>'•:<;>»<:] £o He also gave a graphic sketch of Mr. Douglas's in-ing with an affirmative answer,- j led the . w a y a large ^number, ofibullet,-holes. Our friends 'buried The writer of-the; subjuiutdletteris a native pf Beon- dor«eni«nt of the Border-Ruffian Or bogus Legislature ton 8{K>ke for two hours amid the warmest enthusiasm. to the barn, and: helped "to 'unharness, the, h)m,und«r a beautiful tree,,where' Mrs. Doy andmyi sylvania—a gendeman of classical education, exten- first in/posed on Kansas, and the inhaman slave code ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 0 ^ 0 M W ^ i '^ho ibr fvemy horse*. After the strangers had finished their sup-; self went.andwept over the spot that contains as great enaVtedby'it; and his denial of Popular' Sovereignty years has been a leader of the Democratic ptifty iu per they consulted ;together.awhile*and.finally an- and heroic a heart as ever beat in human breast; •' *r ,eive legal attainments, andI of the mo^t s'U-upulous in- when the Topeka Constitution was framed by the peo- Ohio,; now enters the neldfrsr Littc^d^andHamHa. nounced to Jones that, as it was stillquite light, th'ey! >, " Itappearaan inquest was held upon the body-of tegrity of character, He is now ooe of the;first;, Jaw- ple j and tr»<:td his course down to tbe Charleston and Addreseing a large meeting in Woodsfield, he denned would continue on their journey. Jones, acsordiagly. the.old man Waffle, and Charles would be arwitness, i yersef h*8 age in Ilfinois-r-has. been the- associate; of Baltimore Conventions, quoting from his speech in the his position. The local taper says: **';assisted them' to harness the horses,' which being aoi-complished, one of the meniaskedhita what there wasto pay. Ho started to go to the house to ask Mrs. Arm-quest of the t ncis, has COM tion for Lieu*"I d&tre t to interfere w leavioKitwjdof d « w * ^ * n State.Conveuiveoeano- to fore titan"•—*T».'V. ofIllinois,hi Yates, the R« for a series of pointment> ha oftbeStat*ra the 31«t nh. u—The Rer^ St. Lome, eg brilliant deuM throng in attei the company o a thcurai.d me: ience were G dresses weretx and by Dr. Do—TieReput Belleville, Mie hew and entha witnessed in was fcVm>d, it Of WideAwa meeting,whid wascalledV: c over 'by Coie Frank Blair, j publican canci impulse to the cans.— The Stetd per, hasbefn f aaetwagedsubMre«se«s8hf Betray the Dir anceGoes A ' Paperswe don community sia and B* done w-— t i e Na*k\ " The Bofin week-with the flag flying at 3 nouncee that h« ment of tbe pa]Locus Ml Brov have'two D<-t ainoe bis nomin his election, wl Mr. Breckinrid—ThePetfT\in the follow if u How anxM dredV of thou Unionises thro? land are gazing NoitH Carolina SHIP in this the national exis'erthrobbicg with and proeperity, TJHITXO »TATX eeixeoh Thum SACRED with it and high above minis cation adi ists who curse, liberty gsaranti BorsGjeLve, th-.nJ point not the it Thursday next, your noble and—AcorreepO! the telegraph k people at the D nit., to be 3,000 contented itself says there wesonsonthe gro <ires, and that t duded more tl Oomputation.—The young' Monday evening Wide-Awake CI enrolled. J.AJ WardD.Gunn,—Among the: Senor Don An that crty, and to of Cadiz.^Hwi was the onJy ins had been selects the Captain-Ge' Government, is have civil officecomes to tbe L'c andalsotomak stitutieps. He i ral of theSpan; Army. \—The Rev. Di ' is givijTg his reocin Maine. .'""'.' | —Mr. Jocathareportedbythej spected oM reeU 1778, and was fj chant. He was I&UOXTHE PIKE* PEAK GOLD REGION.^Cxr*,Piko> Poak, July 19, 1600.. universal feeling prevalent here in e»e ef opposition to making any political iwies, try Yhtne of a State orgajuwrfion, our bitir- pariicipate in national elections. Bat on JBetorday evening lastr Judg» IL P. A. Smith and Col. Johnson—two infatuated Douglas men—weresnueuacedtoaddresstheminers,inNevadaGuloh, •© national politic*.Attheappointedhourtherew» alargeassem- bly preeent. The speakers, with great vehemence and ear»e*tne**, eulogized the Democratic party,night, if they could be accommodated. Caswell Jonev oihen^semanghnghim, ^ i S ^ B i l S S k S l i v ^ f t whom they addressed, told them that Mr. Armstrong l ^ X dawn cue of them went and looked at him, and wasnotathome,andthatMrs.A wassick,buthe SB8W?n^f^<Whimstillalive/CharieraskedforBut when the Sou*h had got all she oouM out of the Lockport, N. Y„ last Friday evening, thespeilrJug'. Mittouri, Compromise, and new Pree s aee were about ,bt^juginti^enejr^ Wigwam, a . } > Q ^ ^ i ^ 9 . % l ^ o ywas vouchsafed^ and the horses were driven rapidly*V j la oue! 3tf waa a vastly different euteTtammeut along'until, on roughing a thicket of woods not far]of the character, talents, and qualific tion of Abraham:-.<• Lincoln ior the great office '-o wodchbe stoudsno ai- tiiatioj'sterling"integrity and honor, tlie ablest lawyerstarpeople Uere Tcnpia Mm to be capable dhdhoneit^ a states'Dated by the Republican party; and assuming, from and jurist in the State, and a splendid advocate of all' —The largest mass meetiog ever held in Hender-mylocalityaridprofessionalengagements,that.Thave that,isgood;and,.noble;inAmerican statesmanship. sonCounty,111.,metatOlenaonWednesdayojflastftum Gie oue U> which they had mviied themselves. from Wyandotj the party came to a halt, and camped And,a*iftocompletetheirmortification,oneof forthenight. Joneswaskeptbereinconfinement*gfjy'iS.'•'••;' • • ' • > ' • •' $$%5 stud tried, but the public sympathy did not incline to the aide of the sporting gentleman, and-he was obliged to be contented with the restoration of $80 a* tte stolen money.Thunder-showers are" of almost dairy occurrence.called Cox, then gave him two dollars and told him togo. . ' •••••. -for the mee^g.this year, in order to get in advance of which he hss not first made himself well acquainted; other States of the East, the North; and the West, willthe fashionable season hare_, but the display of fine but when he is satisfied, no man is bolder orfirmeriu tbe do as well as Illinois, the victory is sure, the Nationda Bell and Everet* organ, did not pay. well note, the editor says:In his- fare-ing one of the walls hi a neighboring cellar. Oneished by another dragoon, who frantically rushed inf asd implored protection from an enraged enemy, -with whom he had become involved in a street brawl. The unfortunate soldier was finally escortedt o ajplace of safety, by ajnost uamartial typo. Onthe following morning' still another illustrious mem- jher of the army, on hearing a hilarious eivi ian inAND THE TWOWAFFLES.From The Bottom Bee.latest and most earnest faith in the spiritometer.The mathematicians of. the Association regret very much the absence, of Prof. Peirce. whose annual men- tal harvest is this year offered to the treasuries of Brit-edve sweep of the thoughts to which he often gives birthandutterance. Butiforiginalityandsuggestsve- ness, fertility of resource, powers of analysis, and of expressing in terse and simple language a great truth, or of laying bare at a etroke toe fatse position of an adversary, uowever anfnlly cloaked, are indications of.ability and talents, then may. Mr. Lincoln take ;rauk, go. far as I can judge, among the leading intellects of' t h e d a y i . ' "•'. :'.' • _ •"..,'. •'•.•"'. '.'•. '( : ' 7 •'•place in the columns of THE TRIBUNE."': Yourerespectfully, RUFUS F. ANDREWS.New Ytrk;Aug. 1, I860.To the Editor of The N. Y. Herald: \ >A garbled report of a speech recently made by me at a Republican meeting at Fisukill furnished you with a text,.on Saturday last, for an editorial on decency in public speaking generally, and some not very compli- mentary allusions, to say the least, to me personauy. The"latter 1' will not attempt to reply to; lot them go forwhattheyareworth;but,asasimplemutterofjustice to myself and tae geutiemen who spoke at the rhteting, I wish to state to yourself and your readers, in substance, what I did say concerning the wife of Senator Douglas, on the occasion of tne Fishkill meet- ing. It was, as nearly as I can recollect, as.follows:purty soldier, rode up to the musical pedestriah,and imperiously demanded to know whether an - insult was intended ? Failing to receive, a satis- factory answer, he proposed to settle the difference II them and there by an appeal to the manly art of self-defense. The jovial songster (a member of theletter is from a Mr. Archibald, a friend of Dr. J>oy, tbe recent solar eclipse. It ia hoped her may arrive be-and gives graphically die horrible details of these mur», fore the session closes, and report some of the results'of fbxtu&e,;Orart of tbe trickster or demagogue-^-bac in ders, as atrocious as those for which the infernal villain hisjourney. ' . simple trust to bis native energies, and a tenacious ad- Hicks was hung. Yet these desperadoes are at large, From the West and South I notice Prof. Henry, of herence to principle througbouc his whole course (all ofaccepted the propositionwiththeutmostalacrity,he discovered there a shining nugget of gOW, which them coming. In the mean time, the party of ruffians proved to be worth $42 80. It had probably been had seen old Mr. Waffle and son going to assist to put out the fire, and told them gfctey atao had to die When thrown up, concealed in a shovel-full of dirt, a»d the old man asked why, the. answer was, on account ofas we have here, a large German population, hitherto field. At Orangetown there i«j also a club, of which Fathers of tbe Republic almost unanimously stood, in- mostly Democratic. Ou beiog introduced, Mr, Sohurz R. H-Blake, eeq, is President. exorably opposed to its further extension. An old pleasantly remarked, in German, that he had come to Henry Clay Whig, he is, and always has been, heartily address the German Democrats .Of Alwn, and quoted —Mr. F . H. Pierprnt of Fairmont, /Va., a Bell man, in favor of efficient protection to home labor."*5tfterwardwashedbarebytherain.I ANOTHER OUTRAGE IN mA.D."B.KANSAS.mulated scientific wc&lih, which', unlike all other tbeScriptureexprepsion,"Thereismorejoyinheaven haspublishedaletterdenouncingtho scheme ofG«>v.Jbr the deeds done in the body, a fearful retribution will be visited upon them and their abettors at Wash- mgton for the wrongs and outrages inflicted npon the•* To return to the house < f Wiliiam Waffle—^-they undiviaed attention for many years.with his keen and irresistible humor, the sophistries of Squatter Sovereignty. The frtquent and nearty ap- plause, and tb^ loud bursts'of laoghter from our Ger-idon, cold-blooded murders, robberies in open day, the make a coffin, then went into a ravine near and dug aburning of our homesteads, and the kidnapping of our Save, getting all ready to bury the Old man, although rs. Waffle says she begced huu to think of himself,free citizens, have planted in on r minds a mortal hatred and make his escape, as they would kill him. But heorganize. ..to Slavery sad slaveholders that can never be e xtmguished* What ifs ultimate effect must be uponthis aad other Western Territories is not difficult toforctvIL As each sew ease, such as the one I am about#o describe, occurs^we dofnot more burn for immediaterevenge thaa hopefully and anxiously await the d^y when this Territory shall be admitted into the ftmOy of Free States, and her wrongs redressed by a JJaiionai Republican Government.On the 8th of November, 1859, CasweU A. Jones, wfth his mother,, .brother, sister, and two chil- dren, came to Leavenworth, from Independence County, Arkansas; with the intention of settling. This Spring he went, to Charles Armstrong'B farm,which he* in the Delaware Nation, and about 15 miles south of this place, to manage his farm. He hired a amtll house which stands just across the road from and oppositetoArmstrong'sIwoie. #looked around upon the little children and the widow,may be surprised to learn that the capital employed inTHURSDA Y ,would ask her if they could have supper!and' lodg" TOuer, but the pe» son left; and the gang, who must THE CHARACTER/ O^ ABRAHAM LtNCOIiN. h* ail.a*>nce discovered ttat^fWasiuuconstitutionaL :-00, paraded with torchs and m vie. Hon. H. B. Stan-until Thursday evening; his hair washout off closejto l»i» head, and in the morning he was severely beaten with a pistol belt, receiving cuts and dreadful bruises, which are still unhealed. . ^ { ,A#er dark, oh Thursday evening, he was taken by two of the gang to Kansas City, where provision had been made, to have a skiff in readiness to ferry the party aexoes the river. It not proving to be at tjhe,From Our Own Reporter., / • : ' ; ! • " / • ' : - :Hie auditors called for ** Three cheers for Abe JLin- ecm r" which were moat enthusiastically and vocif- erounly givt-n. Messrs. Smith and Johnson left the ground a-morose and nuserahle pair; and, for spine time to come, will he profoundly disgusted withpefitfet.Many of the quartz-crushers as yet prove insuf- ficient; bat during the twenty-four hours ending on Tuesday morning, the Rock Island mill, in the Gregory Digging*, turned out $2,000. Business is *t3l duftfe the towns, hut the dust Is stondily gain- ingincirculation. Lastevening,,Hinckley&.Co.'* Express brought down •$2,200, from the Gregory Diggings alone; and it* dairy receipts, exclusive of those through ail the other? channels, often largely exceed that amount.asioen, and received five hall* from the revolver of* and said they had made a mistake, he was not the man rize of the State, and is now appropriated to the his antagonist; hut he survived the riddling, and is they wanted, and they'would carry him back. He re- section of Natural History. The Standing Committee likelytorecover. Agamblerwhoiswinning$100 fusedtogowiththemfromfear some,otherevil isaccommodated;inanupperroom,thechairsinwhichWfek. Full delegations were there from many places, with bands of music and glee clubs. Several compa- nies of Wide-Awaies were on hand, and crowds of ladies graced the occasion. The speaking was of toe first order, addresses being made by Senator Grimes of Burlington, and Prentice of Qninoy. - : ,—The Democratic Standard, published at Concord, N. H., prints the following letter from one of the; dele-opposite shore they founds man in waiting with a two- u w v^„w^ „„ „^vAlbany. Prom the Hall of the -Bepreeentaoives, his no lets prove« bal candor and truthfulness. This and the lest resolution 'of the Baltimore Conventionmiserable puke, can't ^ou get a livingm some hoaest way ? What does old Buchanan pay you for eating dirt and licking his boots ? Is some paltry Poet-Office, or a crumb that falls from the Custom-House the pricehorse buggy, into which Jones was forced, aod the two I J m ^ f o r ^ L ^ ^ Awhere the General Sessions are to be hem, there openshave left " nowhere.'' With a Breckinridge and Lane has ever beei» a marked Jeature in his character and in- ticket to run in this State, which is popular with theDenver ia enlivened almost daily by; shooting and•tabbing affrays, and the other peculiar amenitiesof the metropolis, of a gold region. Last wi«k, a there7 kept until Sunday evening,' when two of the kid- harbor, and,away to the westward. The Senatetercourse, and strikicfi'ly illustrates the liberal and Democracy of Egypt, and the daily increasiug utrengthmagnanimous spirit of the man. It may, I think, be and enthusiasm of the Republican party, tiny have of [j our patriotism and manhood and honor?."; Poora balcony looking down the Long Wharf, on the negro became involved in a quarrel In. a gammg nappers, in company with the jailer-, came to his cell Chamber is a neat little room, well proportioned to thedue time.' Here the'captive was put in the jail andmight befall him, but said he would find his o wn wayper day at " three-card moute," was robbed of home if they would give him some money to pay his are noniewhere about 20tf years old. - h9460V night before last The thief was arrested expenses. One of the villains, whom his comradestion. Add to this? that he is among the most cautious signs of the times in this region of Illinois^ and of re- and requests from the proprietors to delinquent > debt- The Association«selected au earlier date than usual of men in expressing himself upon any subject. with hable information from other parts of the State. If tbe ors suggesting payments The cause is, that the paper,NEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE,AUGUST2, 1860.{The private letter below was put into our hands byDr. Doy of Kansas, who, it will, be recollected, wasarrested some months ago in Kansas for an alleged at- ish instead of American science. He has crossed the' !tempt to aid in the escape of fugitive slaves. He vs Atlantic in search of health, and found new fame and Iwasimprisoned, and sdnteneed to 6ifyears' in the Missouri j honors among the scientific men of Great Britain. [: Penitentiary, but was rescued by7 a party, at the .head Profs. Bacne and Henry have arrived, but Prof.•vif.-,:VAN€EMENT OF SCIENCE..-• ;>i u,••-•• .•••-.But what need ie elaborate tbiti point, When we have the brutal murders which are - detailed below. • The returned from Labrador, whither he went to observe cation, without patronage, or any accident of birth, orand there is no prospect that any justice will bring the Smithsonian, Prof Bache of the Coast Survey, .hem to their merited punishmeutf ] Prest. HD1 of Antioch College, Dr. Wynne. Profs." LAWRES.CE, Kaoea-j Territory, July 17,1866. Hackley and Loomia of New York, Prof. William B. "MY DKAR FRIKSD: Mrs. Doyandmyselfhave^jRogersandIsaacLeaof Penn., tbe Profs. LeConte just returned from the most exciting journey I ever from South Carolina, Prof. Wilson of Canada, and by throwing on his coat, inviting him to dismount traveled. We went to Moneka, a beautiful town many more. I will send the official list as fast as it isirom his horse, and assuring him that he had just 75 miles south of Lawrence, where your eon Charles made.a s h e f whip a dragoon as anybody else. Quite appears to have a large interest (six full towr/shares, GENERAL SESSION.surprised at this ominous and unexpected wiiring- containing a number of building lots each). Althoagh Prof. Hitchcock, President of the Association, called*Des*y t ^ TM ¥ t w 7 h e r o *ornod and rode away m * itiSiieitT!ht Missouri line it appears to have grown it to order at 10:25 a. m., in the Hall of the Represent-.'•The attempt which.the.editors of The Exprett iur« making rect political information. I u a few days a talented to itdnee the American jxirfy to support Mr. Doughvi, whoue and distinguished Democrat, a well-informed politician, wife is d Roman Catholic, iu ridicolous ia the extreme. Mr. and one ol the most brilliant ^vri'-ers in the .Doion, will Douglas id one da; found diniog with BL,hop Hughe*, and thenextclosetedwiththeBrooktes,consultingastothe beatmao^u r of conducing,the ciiiup.ign to carry the State of New-York4iraternity who * strike out from the shoulder"),appear before the public as one of the writers aaa pro- prietors^©' The Avalanche. Tbenewarrangements. now being consummated will make the paper a powerIn the foregoing allusion to Mrs. D. I can see noth- ing which Calls for reprehension—nothing that aoy gentleman need be ashamed to say; but, on the con- trary .contider my remarks are perfectly proper. InThe Berald itself, durihg the past two months, from time to time, we have been treated to very minute ac- counts of the private life and history of the different candidatesfortbe Presidency; andyourjournal,as well as many others, has not hesitated to tell us that Mrs. Lincoln is an exemplary and rigid member of the Presbyterian Church. I simply alluded to the re- ligion of the wife of Senator Douglas, the bearing it" onlytolearnthatthe peculatorshad justdeserted, est<here. Th«ycalledout Charles's namoj andMr. Dr.IsaacLeaof Philadelphia, Presidentelect, was forOberightsofindividualsandStates,singularlyrefined would have on his political course, andtneglaring taking with them eighteen valuable horses; and Martin went to the door. Charles called out that who- then introduced. He spoke as follows:' and characteristic; with attainuTrms as a juris', that inconsis ency of his associating one day with Bishop that a detachment of twenty of their fellow-dragoons ever wanted him was to step to the door.', GKNTLBMBN. OF THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION EOR will not be questioned—if these constitute fitness for Hughes and the next with one of the most violeut op-during the canvass.".— The Mvrfreesboro' (Tenn.) the following communication:„ ' Telegraph contain*very fast, and it is quite a thriving country around it. atives, which was crowded with a very fine audience. The last feat of M our country's brave defenders," The circumstances connected with Charles's murder Prayer was offered by Dr. Dutnont.oo0******»>«robbingabawdy houseof$175, threa arethese:Onthenightofthe5thofJuly, aboutmid- night, a gang of .about twentv men surrounded the &M W>/iches, and a set of jewelry valued at $300. home of Mr. Martin, whoee "house stands some littlewithout,talents to justify his victory.And, lastly, as to his qualifications for the Presiden-cy—these may. in good measure, be inferred from what has been already said. To the qualities thai) accord- ed to him may be added a thorough comprehension of the nature, history, and workings of our institutions, andthepolitics,pastandpreuentjofthecountry,with no mean acquisitions of geteral knowledge; a cour-"MR. EDITOR: In casually looking over an "etymo- logical dictionary, my attention was arrested by the name of Breckinridge, somewhat famous just at this time. IwasstartledtofindchattheSaxonderivatives of this name meant'a broken house.' Is it not 'rather ominous' tbat a man ef this name should be the leader of one. wing of the broken and divided house of Democ- racyVI ', —The Gazette and Republican of Trenton, N. J., contains an authoritative statement of Gov*. Olden's position in the Presidential canvass. "AnoldWhig^ oftheHenryClayschool,heretainsallhisforoxerdis- gust of Henry Clay's politieil opponents, and now ia their divided and distracted condition would probablypity, if be did not despise them. Their new-fangledsikot disgustage, moral and physical, and a firmness of purpuse, ****. disconsolate proprietor, as soon asbedtscov- distance from the townf where Charles was stopping to the Association a very pretty road-map, geologically vihich those who know him best most readily accord to ^ l e d the loss, pursued and overtook the regiment, while he attended to business connected with his inter- colored, of' the State of Rhode Maud. > bim, coupled with a conciliating spiritaud a jast regardhad been sent in pursuit The members ofrCol. *• They still continued to stand off, and demanded THE ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE.—It would be very • Horrison's command evidently agree with that his- Charles to come out or they would set fire to the houfle, difficult forme to express to you how sensible I am of toricsoldier,who,onbeingreprimandedfordrunk- usingatthesametioiethemostawfullanguage. Mrs. thehonoryouhaveconferredonmeinappointingme Martin expecting to be confined every day, Charles to preside over this, the Fourteenth Annual Meeting. thought it not best to endanger her. He therefore In my humble pursuits, and my circumscribed efforts aoCnalJy sprang' out and ran the gauntlet through tae in the cause o f science, I have labored without anythe Presidential office, then, in my judgment, Mr. JLdn- ponents of that gentleman in his creed. If there isany- toln will fill it with dignity and honor to himself, and thing wrong in my doing so, I must confess my in- sfc'eiulne-sandsatistdctiontothecountry,andtothe abilitytoperceiveit. Yours,respectfully,ebnees, replied that the QeWernment could not ex- pect to-secure sB the cardinal virtaea for $11 a month!•whole cbuniry. * * "Very truly, your Mend, -* *. X JK. C.V NeiD-York, July 30,186fcRUFUS F. ANDREWS.hack; and the miners subsequently presented him with $4 80—as he was in poor health, and out of money—and warn»d him out of the district. Such a happy _ blending'of "justice, tempered with mercy," is somewhat sure in these degeneratedays.• A miner h> the Gregory diggings, a few dayssince, ascended the dirt-roof of las log cabio, to re-The wretches then actually set fire to the house of Mr. parliamentary rules and usages is necessarily reqoi Martin, with his poor wife in that condition, giviog si<e. I have, however, the most entire confidence"in them six hours to leave the country. It appears Mr. your indulgence and assistance, and inthe harmony Waffle and his son Harvey, seeing the hoase of their which has always existed, amoag us; and I promise neighbor in Homes, had gone toward it to assist them. you that I shall have bat one object in view, that of Charles and the Wafiiea passed each other without the strictest impartiality in presiding here. It must be either party knowing it. Mrs. Waffle says that Cnarlis the-eonrce of the highest gratification to each of you prepared dtliberafc-ly to receive them, should they fol- present, as weli also every member absent, that o.irALTON, 111., July 26,1865. and tbat the correct name is Page" (pronounced Pa-jay),Last evening, the large City Hall was crowded to 'the gentleman being of French origin.its utmost capacity by the German aud native-born —The Republicans of Haveretra «v met on Fridayinates." " Whatever may have been his viows'of tho Fillmore party in 1856, he recognizes the Belf move- ment now as only a trick and device to save, if pos- sible, the d'moraliV-ed Dem'cracy." "He sees in Hon-some of the writ tion were addree took a.personal j at the meeting h the muider of . took an interest i sopbical moveme while his public I munificence is ki years. He was I aid of the Arctic shores. His reoi religious societv {the Rev.br.< br-Hi.ee. He coo the Music Hall, <, Pubhc Librsjr%-.—It is reports everything of tb from tb« Knglial be canxd .partly imbecile failure b aggression of tin taking off th« pa,—Phaleu, who coke a few days I preeeicn that he h latest account* s feetion, wbich hi words. It #how plated, and comm! purpose.—A habeai oc preme Court of I nine years of age of Baltimore and beth F.ThomOik-have lived sepaxs •chad. '—On the 21st i of lightning paew residenceofJohr throogh thegroi BwlbtJrfctodhfi *ti»g and strwiui} hurt 0^ her side,'^hroog^ her Ore lilp, thence dowx, >eid« iaplacesfrocrowd, receiviug a severe shot through the Ifg near ambition of such distinction, and must crave your in-REPUB-—We notice in the reports of the Convention of theMayorW.H.Cranstonthen,inbehalfoftheauthor- iliee and the people of Newport, welcomed the Associ- ation ih an elaborate speech, concluding by present ng«ptherefoie they said. * dead men tell no , tales,' and, killhim they would. ' This caused their .Becond return itb" Mr. Lincobxin manyimportant casestried inthe higherSenate hie boa t to the South that his " grdat principle" had given them a SlaVe'Territory five timesas large aa> the State ofNew-York, aud carried Slaveryadegree and" M r . ArchttOld reviewed th-i wholeWstory of Coa- grtstrional legislation upon Slavery;in theTerrjtorios,make sure work. These fellows told Mrs. Waffle that Courts $f that State, and not only knows bim well, but'strong,butoneofthepartyfollowingimmediately thetroublesof'56werenotyetsetied. Theythen iscompetenttoaccuratelymeasurehisabilities. What ahalfnorth'oftheMissouriline. Heclosedbyshow- fromthetimeoftheformationoftheGovernmentafter clutched him by the right arm and cried, ",(Boys, drove her and the clildreri out of the house and set fice;!.hejays Of him may therefore be relied on as theopinion I've" got him 1" Poor Jones shouted aloud for help, to it, bnrningall their clothes, furniture, &c.;, with theandstruggleddesperatelytofreehimself,buttheoth- bodyofMr.VWafile. Theyhavegivenhernotice•to ofanintelligent,honest,\truthful.;man.IHeis.ofthe ers of the gang ran up and held him firmly, some chok- leave the country in six days, or die. . Thieis the spirit old.line Henry Clay Whig school of^politics. ;. 1irgtta' Mr. Dooglasis reapirg the retribution of his- down to tbe present time. He gave the Dred Scott tory, and that his " great principle," which he origin- case a eearching review, and exposed its faide^usnees allyadvocatedto/gainrthefavoroftheSouth,has inaconvincingandmasterlymannnr. Upon-this Jroved bio polifical ruin, and laid him in the dust. The branch of the argument he was particularly nappy inihg him to wop his cries, while others pot a haudsnff of Slavery. This journey and eiaiminationr has sick- Tbe ;letter was written with no expectation that it tepnblicans of Alton are in high spirits, a id congratu- hieillustratione, which was abundantly testified by thebecame insensible. On recovering consciousness hefoundhimselflying-inthewagon,andheardoneoftheparty say. with an oath,' « I believe, he's dead." Tohm inquiries, and prayers for release, not an answer AMERICAN ASSQGiATION FOR THE AD- MY DEAR SIR: % * * You ask my opioiOa"JOHN C.;AJtCHJB'ALD.» •NEWPORT, Wednesday, Aug. 1, I860.night, and to-day tbe Scientific Congress commences its sessions in the old State-House in this ancieat city. Tbe permanent Secretary, Prof. Lovering, has estab- lished his quarters in the office of the Clerk of the Su-take pleasure in giviog you my views, for whatever they may be worth, premising, howe rer, that neither my time nor limits will probably enable me to satisfy myself •rdo justice to im in tneir expression.imme7.se gatherings of the people are hell in the differ- ent counties^» metimes reaching as high as 25,000peo- ple, and addresses are made by the candidate for Gov- ernor, the Hon. Richard Yates, by Senator Trumbull,As a summary of what I have to say, I remark un- the Hon. John M. Palmer, and other able and eloquent spot designated, thd miserable captive was taken up preme Court, where the appliances of science are seen hesitatjbgly, that I believe Mr. Lincoln to be just the men of the Republican hosts. Egypt is catching theinto the town and left in charge of one of the men, in amicable proximity to packages of judgments man for tlie pkeeior which he is named, and for the infection, and we hear frequent accounts of conver- while his comrade went in,, search of the delinquentTaking the first train that left for Atchison, and the horses on. the charming drives about the island is al- expression of and adherence to his opinions. I need Government will be pu» ifiei of its corrupsions Slaverysteamer from that point, he readied Leavenworth early ready great, and the hops of the season have this, week only say further, on the score of character, that so far extension will cease, and we shall settle down inx> the. " It is but proper for me to say that under the newof the principal drmking-saToons was struck by " In the jail at St. Joseph, he feuud two colored men up for him at the Atlantic House—for his, health.fightniDg, but, as might have been expected, the who were stolen Irom Wyandot, via Kansas City, Newport offers more interesting geological phenome-hokUmis, who had survived the whisky sold there, early in July. They say they were free, and had. been na than almost any other' tewa-m the country. Por- ally enlivened and illustratedhis speeches by anecdotes, It. is true we scarcely know each other, and dare say hired at Lavenworth to go to Fort Scott; but, as The gatory, with kindred splits in the.same conglomerate to which some fastidious tastes have taken, exception; but little. Nearly all of us are people in the middle were not to he harmed by the electric fluid, and all Wyaitdot Argus has given ah account of their caae, rock, and < a very singular kind of conglomerate it is, but in reference to which it is safe to say, toat those walks of life, or laborers who suffer from/slave monop-10,000 majority." .i • •* Jr—... , ..., ...,<.-..fescaped njuujnredjf. though the building was serious- and, in connection with it, of Kuther 8. Wood, Sheriff the long, pointed pebblesin itall lying north and soath, who have done so were keener in scenting out the sup- ly damaged. During a shower on the following ,of Wyandot County, I need aay n» more about it. ia two or three miles to the eastward, just across a poesd indelicacy of the allusion than in perceiviag theoly. Yet I heard a Douglas man, who ia a proprietor -.ofa cotton-press, say, if.tie >vanted an office, he would as soon accept one under Lincoln as any one else; thathe conridered him no more sectional than the others; thathe believed him above th<«e charges that were brought— The Atalanta Intelligencer and The Southern Confederacy have ween waging a war for some time, tbe former charging the latter with inconsistency, be-d a y t t inches of rain descended.W e have just been favored by a brief visit from anear bis premises, and in the act of running off some rison, on their way from Camp Floyd (which is of. his nigroes. He pursued them, but in the chase fell Ja rich variety of rocks*, and there is a «oal mineon the Onp tfiing more lought to remark here. Mr. Lin-upperpart.oi the island. colli believeS^thflt the same mo^alicy which ought to Among the members who arrived last evening by the govern individual men in private life, should equallyregiment of U. B. troops, commanded by Col. Mor-agaiiifct him; and that, he himself would do anything cause it formerly attacked Douglas and how supportedshout to be abandoned), to Fort Garland, New- Moiico, and thence to Arizona. Contact with civilization geemu to have an intoxicating effect upon them. On the morning of their entrance a rough-and-tumble fight occurred between a privatefrom a bavk, breaking an arm and a. leg. and iyjictaqg^ Fall River boat were Prof.. Louis Agassiz, accoaapa-control nations in thek intercourse with each other and the action of political parties; and if elected President, neither Ostend luanifestos, nlibustering schemes, mere partizan chicane, nor Official corruption, will find any favor with his Administration. •:to put the Slidell or Breckinridge party out of power. him. When The Intelligencer had driven The Con-. About a fortnight since, a Mr. Wilson Of Kansas very fine beach; the Neck, to the south of the city, has point,, power and felicity of the illustration.City discovert-d two men, late at night, with a wagon,injuries that will probably be iktal. It was thought uiitil recently that this was aui attempt by Abolitionists, but the imprefsion now is that this same Missouri kid- napping partyi turning their' hand even against their feflow slaveholders; were trying to steal »he negroes, with the view of <•" selling them. down the river."nied by Mrs^ A.: President C. C.'Pelton, whose new- ly aesumed burdens at. Harvard College have not yet diminished aught from that rotundity and good humor which made Dickens call him heartiest of Greek Pro- fessors; Dr. B. A. Gould, jr.; Prof.. W. B. Rogers; Prof. J. D. Whitney, loaded with cases of maps, andfederacy quite to the wall b y quoting from i a files, there appeared a card from the former, junior editor to stand still and enjoy the fan. However, I think of that sheet, from which the following extract ismad an orderly sergeant, in which the former re-ceived a severe flagellation. Their next exploit You will no doubt think thrs a hard picture of Western other valuables intrusted to no hands but his own since braced in your inquiry. In Tespact to talents, I doubtthe associate editor of The Confederacy, in the absencewas to rush unannounced, in a party of half a life, andjoerbaps blame us for not taking our own re- leaving Iowa; Messrs. Chauncey Wright, and J. E. if Mr. Lincoln is even hero, as yet, appreciated as he dosen, into a private residence. Seeing only ladies drees. We are indignant;and sm^rt unaer our wrongs, Oliver,, from the Nautical Almanac Office, and many deserves to be, and as he most certainly will be at nom the apartment, they greeted them with the re- hut uot v«t Btsong«aough to swt. Believingtuftt" wbo others'of lesser and greater note* , diBtantday, (couutiiig w I do his ejection ^ sure) by M " would be free, themselves niu*t strike the blow," we . The public expectation is looking with much inter- all who aie capable ol discerning and appreciating truespeetfid salutation, "How d'ye do girls 1 The can only try to impress this'upon the colored people ${ est for the public addresses promised from Prof. Leidy merit. While possessing uidoaotedly the couscibus- entrance of three men from an adjoining ro^in Kansas, and hide our time. Doubtlees the reputation OUiftS Jfv^W SUJlfiS^of North America (no allusion .'Uess'Of intellectual strength, he lacks entirely the ob- caused them to apologize humbly and depart ab- of the negroes for cowardice is the cnuge <jf these bold expected to political parties), Worn ?rof, Bacfee OH the trusive effrontery which brings some men int V notice, ruMly. and kwK^ attacks upon, thfir ^it, but I hope and Gulf Stream, and from Prof. Henry on the Life and and givfs them.sometimes an ephemeral reputation forthink that they have found the limit beyond which for- Services of Dr. Robsrt Hare. No man is better able. abihty, while the piainn«iss and simplicity of his style, One of their number received ari ©fl&cial toBtamo- bearance ceases to be a virtue, and that a dead kidnap- to appreciate the labors and'" discoveries of that bril- and the transparent fairness of every presentation**-ni*l of regard, ra the *hap4 of a fine imposed by a per will ere long be-the. proof of their enlightenment. liant and eccentric chemist than the Secretary of the Justice of the Peace, for drunkenness and disorderly Smithsonian Institution; but the public is curious to conduct. On the same evening, the peaceful ses- hear what so conservative and cautions a thinker, andsionoftheDenverTypographicalUnionwasaston- THEBBUTALMURDEROPCHARLESDOY sowarmafriend,will say ofhis friend Dr.Hare'sedge tnvb Lincoln will be elected by the* people. In fact, they say they had rather he would be elected tiianthepar. he had taken in"pasttroubles. Theywereboth totally unarmed. The son took to his neehj, but, exchanges, takes nothing from any individual, " over one sinner that repenteth than over ninety and Hunt to sell out the remains of the American andA MAN KIDNAPPED BY MISSOURIAKS. Co*r*«p«aaene«> of Tlie N. Y. Trtbono.LXAVEKWORTH, Kansas, July 25, I860.If the Border Ruffians of Missouri shall be judged one of the tame stripe that now lives on nis farm. teorology, to wnich branch of science he had given his time convulsttd them with laughter, as hs exposed,an original Barnburner. ' .were not molested that night; Charles, it appears, lame as he was by the shot, assisted by old Mrs. Waf- fle, actually fetched home the body of the old man,He concluded by thanking the Mayor and city au- thorities for their welcome.of *he majority of the members in all cases, and it ia; their business to see that the Conventions in the county are packed so as to insure the nomination of the per- sons previously agreed on, and they are pledged to fcfond by each other and keep one another la oflke.—Gov. Chase is to make a short visit to Michigan during the present month, speaking at Pontiac, Flint, and Ypeilanti, and perhaps elsewhere.—The Republicans of Brockport. N. Y., met on Sat- urday evening, and organized a Lincoln aod Hamlin Club, the President of wbich is Horace J. Thomas, esq.; Corresponding Secretary, Daniel Holmes. A company of Wide-Awakes is also forming, aad'a Jivery enthusiasm prevails.The Association then filled the vacancies in its stand-freemen of this Territory. Aggression after aggros went to the store for nails and necessary things to ing Committee, and adjourned to allow the sections to juan fellow-citizens, showed how deeply they itppre-while each . one carries treasures away. " nine just persons that need no repentance. ' He And now it becomes my painful duty to state that then went into'a full discussion of the principles of the the 3 ear since our last meeting has not passed withoar. Republican p9rty, and die merits of the different candi-—It is said tbat Mr. Frederick Follett of Batavia is to be appointed United States Marshal for the Northern, making a President," says Mr»Pierpont, "is for a m»a District of New-York, vice S. B. Jewett, beheaded forthough Wily wounded in the leg, still made the woods.The old man received several suots, but s'ili called tohis boys to bring V.«i rifle; but another volley took oneaide of his face and nead off, and he fell dead. It ap- its bringing the record of loss to the science of our dates for thePresidency and for an hour aud a half pears they succeeded in geuiog Charies's moneyj he conn ry. We have been deprived by death of a cO- held his audiencs spell-bound, moved them with deep leaving it in his hurry. It w»» quite a earn, with laborer in James P. Espy, in his 75th year. / He had sympathy as he portrayed the righti of laboring men, whichtie was aboat to continue bis claim contest wish done much to promote a knowledge of American me- and the tyranny of the slave-powtjr, aod from time toW d g par-ies. " The only true democratic mode ofto vote for tbe electors who represent his aoutimeute, Douglasism. Follett is an old-fashioned Hard; Jewettciated the speaker, and many of them, hitherto Doug- lasjDemocra's, spoke to me with pride of his eloquence and noble sentiments.The speech must have a most salutary influence in and the wounded son whom he had succeeded in j get- the publication of sheet music is several, million dol- gaining votes for Abraham Lincoln. Many intelligect ting Irom the woods, and said he could not leave them, lars. The music publishers of the United States will and influential Germans of this city have been with usCONVENTION OF MUSIC PUBLISHERS.—Our readersplayed at as gamblers play at cards to make money."—"A Southern paper,'' says The Louisville Journal) "expresses tbe confident belief that in the event of Mr. Lincoln's election, no man will dare to accept office under him in any Slaveholding State. We shouldregret exceedingly to see Lincoln elected, but sooner than let all offices in Louisville remain vacant, we should take a few of them ourselves—if only to show we were not afraid." .—The Hon. 9. L. Goodrich of Massachusetts, in a apc+ch at Philadelphia on Saturday evening last, saidbut would die protecting them. The editor of theMonad City paper told me that Charles attended to thewants of the family at the store and in the town thatday, as if nothing was the matter more than common. large city of the Union will be here. This is the fifth I think we may reasonably expect that henceforth the At midnight, Mrs. Waffle said, while he was screwing meeting of the Board of Musio Trade, and the pros- better part of our German population, in this part of down the lid of the coflm, as they were about to bury the State, will act with the Republicans.the old man, tae gang again appeared, and get close to perity of the business may be judged from its having After the spee h in the German Jaoguage. was com-the house before Cnarles observed i them, i when he nearly doubled itself ovory year during the last five pleted, Mr. Schurr addressed th« English part of *lussprung into the bedroom, put the little ones under the years. bed: and carried the guns, Sec., that he had prepared,to the. door, and continued to fire till all were dis- charged. It appears he mortally wounded three ofatrfioDce for half an hour, in a telling and effective En-glish speech, in review of Mr. Douglas, showing that that he had seen Abe Lincoln, " and would vouch for Ohio, on Friday evening last, drew to the wigwamOJL Wedaesday; evening last, tjhe 18th mat., fourmen, ja a two4><)»e huggy, drove up to Mr^Arm-«tro»g*s houM- They stated, that they bved mSbawneetown, about 10 miles south-east of Arm- •s-ery feebut, and made bis ,way to the, valley at the Practitioners of Dentistry are admitted at this Conven- even proposed to extend i - to the Pacific, Ocean, so as to*dB*K*#iM*>TB*9tihma¥t,W*^J,JT„were,ontheirwayhomefrom backofthehouse. Herehewasagainovertakenby JLe^euworth, aad wished So have fedgbgs for the tbe wretches, who fired a volley, breikiog his leg and i o n .Mq ? ^—'-'^*r givetoSlaveryalltheterritoryacquiredfromMexico,cracy are for Douglas and Johnson !"—An immense Republican meeting was held iahe responding with a short address.—The Hot*. Franeis A, Hofibaa, at the arg*nt••,aoKSB-siiis^—^iiils:.-y. .i.^.^w.asm•gZgtW*^^ mnn Fulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comhold a Convention on Wednesday next, the 8th inst., at the Fifth-avenue Hotel. Representatives from everyfor sometime. v Toe pastor of the German Protestant Evangelical Church was present, and gave his warm commendation of Mr. Scburz's speech in conversation.while he was represented by his friends in the North AMERICAN DENT AL CONVENTION.—The annual to be the frieid of fiee labor and of Uboring men, he gathering of the Odontologists of the United StateB had persistently aided the cause of Slavery, except He threw himself on the bed, and told Mrs. Waffle that will take place at Saratoga Springs on Tuesday next, when his scat in the Senate was at stake, when, mit that he is ooe of the beet-looking men, for so homelysthe largest audience ever assembled there. Tho epeeohthose brutish men, but reseived a shot in the breast.a man, he ever saw."—The Douglas men held a meeting in Spriufield, IU., now repiosfnted by as many Presidential candidates,thatyouwillallowitaplaceinyourcolumns. <• : ; . . ! . ; . . ' • • • ...,•:-.;,». •.••••'. -..••'••• ,•,/••••-;.:-•'./' . D . B . M . ,:v:.. v;iV^ ;^;^::v^" • PEORIA, July 19,1860. . .had fair opportunities for framing an dpihiori on th^sa n e isi the Henry CJay of Illinois, resembling the greatpoints; ypiu are pleaded to signny your confidence in Kentucky orator in-many respects wiJh a superior add There was an ingathering of savans at the Long such judgment;- as I nay he. prepared to express;re- keener logic, and the wit of aTbomas F. Marshall. Wharf—tbe longest on this side of* the world—last Bpectirg;them. Thanking, you for this confidence, I Every day the enthusiasm of the masses is increasing;boatman. He returned in the course1 of an hour ;'or and executions, a In the lower story, Mr. Hermann of times.. In regard to character, I deem him entirely sions byficbresand hundreds from the Douglas De- gates from tbe State of New-York to the Chariestoatwo and reported "all ready." They then dragged New-York has a fine display of rare and splendid min- unexceptionaole. The sobriquet, Honest Old,Abe, mocracy.Jonesdowntoasteamerlyingatthelevee,-andputting erals,whichareattractingagooddealofatention. whichhasbeengiventohim isnounmeaningappella- Intelligent,and candid Democrats admit thattheyhim into the boat's yawl, the captain of the ste itnboat ' The sepsions are held in the Halls of the Senate and tion. < It has been hoTiestly won. A man more thor- have no hope of carrying even Illinois. They are nowtook the place of one of the kidnappers, and called twoof his deck-hands to row them across the river. At theRepresentatives, which are very well adapted to thepurpose, I think rather better than tbe hafls were atoughly above suspicion in this respect, I suppose^ can- not be found in any walk of-life, public or private. Akin to this, ]f not ii'deed a necessary coucomitant, isfighting merely for *<4the gurreat pnr>rinciple'' of Squatter Sovereignty^ which the Dred Scott decision,• «WATKRTOW»,July13,I860. received half a number of your lytng paper. Yon poorsafely said: that Mr.'LincoLu'h«a not been knowf in really '* no hope," and their ratification meeting* fad any public discussion, political or otherwise, de- to awaken any gemmae enthusiasm, or to call out thesigntdly to utter an untruth, or misrepresent the posi- people in any great numbers. vtionofanadversary;audlamnotawarethatanytoing Allthisistheresultofacareftdobservationofthe different can be said of him in any .more private relarcreature, how you must hate yourself•'ALLEN C. BEACH."—TM St. Joseph's {Uo.) Weekly West, of Saturday morning,containsvaledictoryarticlesf-omtheeditors,on Monday morning, and immediately, left for Arm- begun to ripen into actual facts. More than 100 oot- as X know, or have ever heard, Mr. Lincoln is, as to peaceful ways that existed throughout the North and proprietors a change will take place, the gentlementagts here have been let to 8trangers,ahd the large hotels moral*, in all respects, an exemplary man. Not only the South before Mr. Douglas sprung his Nebraska bill who have purchased the office»being all in faror ofOn Thursday, during a storm of about an hour, strong's, as his captors had told him, while in jail, that are filling up,so hat there will be no lack offashion and is he not chargeabe with any of the grosser moral de- opened his Pandora-box of Slavery agitation in the ter- Breckinridge and Lane. I should have been ,gkd £fft| inches of rain fell, submerging the lower part of they were going to fetch his brother and sister. Ar- flutter; it remains to be seen whether this will inter- linquencies, but 1 believe the whole course of his lite to ' the «ity, and converting the cellars into extempora- rived at Armstrong's, he learned that the family had fere with the soberdeUberations of the Association. be more than ordinarily free from any stain of vice, neous cMteins. The water reuined three thousand fled to Quindaro; andthis morning he came here, and The Litt|e Giant, now traveling through New-En- impurity, or dishonor. And that for which I thinkritories upon the country. A N EYE WITNESS.NEW-OKLEANS,- July 27,1860. It has been exultingly asked, if Lincoln is elected, who will fill his offices in the South, as his party is nottae paper could have supported Bell and Everett until the end of the campaign; but 1 was forced to sail, and as no one of my own party would buy, 1 had to accept the offer from those or another political faith." .—A correspondent in Bedford, Taylor County, Iowa,. writes: " Our cause is progressing nobly in South- western Iowa.. The people have never been so gen- erally and so thoroughly aroused as at the present tree. We will elect Col. Curtis by an increased ma-jority, and give the State to Lincoln and Hamlin bydollars worth of goods in the basement of Major< Bradford's store, and undermined a large adobebuilding in course of erection in Blake street, land-flaud exclusively for his health, attends a great clam- rake up the Bay to-morr6w, where he is to make aspeech-—-for his health. ' Then he is to come to New- port, where a, suite of rooms has. been specially fittedthe public thanks are especially due, is the undoubtedfact tha-, in all his speeches and otber teachings, noutterance of his can be found that is not, ia its sear-ings, distinctly on the sice of httBaanity and virtue.And.-tbis I'say advisealy. notwiAstauiing that—espe- known there, peither are individuals who belong to it. cially at a somewhat earner' period—he Uas occasion-with his own lips gave me this sad story of his suffer- ings. His hair & dark, but straight; his eyes hazel, and complexion such that where ethnology is no; care- fully studied he would pass for white. In other words, he is a very light-colored " octoroon."PROSPECTS IN LOUISIANA. , Conr^ipoadence of The N. Y. Trihuaa.Having occupied so much space on this head, I have but little room for remark on the other topics em-made: ." I deem it due to juetice and candor to state that, ascles you have published, and numerous other articlesol ir»e, same tenor, a\\ of which, I am free to eonfess,met with the decided disapprobation of Dr . Hambleton.I have frequently heard Dr . Hambleton say, while inhis employ, tha he did not think my articles on JudgeDouglas prudent or politic, and, while he was not m-favor of him for President, yet he would support him if"nominated; and. in view of cop'ingriuciea which mightSIR: A letter, of which the inclosed is a copy, was led some to overlook the real breadth and cbmprehen , appears was refused. Do me the favor to give it awhich he makes in his public speeches, seem to havearise, that he did not wish The Confederacy made the sent to the office of The.Her<*ld for publication, and it medium of any attack whatever upon his politiialwhich is susceptible of easy proof), he has riseu gradu-ally yet surely, and with no back-set* from the condi-tion of a common day laborer to the proud position henow occupies beforeMhe country aud the world. I knowthatsuccessisnotalwaysevidenceoftruemerit,but it would be little short of a miracle if a man of the- A r the Democracy.'? character of Abraham Lincoln, should .win successCARL triedandconvictedofstealing$25.Hewaspun-hh»,heeuceeededingettingtothehouseofMr.Hen-courtesytoeachether,inanywantofexperienceinCbrresponcfenc*ofTBeJST.Y~.TiriBune. tusPogeofti>iscity.Webtlievethisisamistake,therevivaloftheAfricanslave-trade,hesimply^abom- ofthelate£ev.In the Nevada Gulch, last week, a German wasM&td i>y having twelve lashes adamifsteredT to fm ry WanTe (TaTe of jSTew-rork State/, some distance oC presiding over large bodies, where a, knowl*?dge ofSCHURZ AT ALrON-THE LICAN CAUSE IN ILLINOIS.notions for the extension and protection of Slavery andthe knee. Although a volley of shots was. fired after dulgence, as I am sure of your cooperation and yourYoung Democracy at Saratoga, tbe name of J. Augus-low bim there, loading the guos and pistols. Association has continued to hold i>s meetings wit^i " He put the little cnildreauuler the bed, and ad- such unvarying success from year to year, forming a concentra'ed congress, as it does, of a large portion of the best science of the country, from the North and the South, and the. East and the West Coming to- gether, as we do, to a great exchange of science, to give and to receive, we return to our closets with a -cu-with men standiog, and many ladies graced »;he occas- sembly was, the largest ever convened iu the town; a heart, of quiet will aod incorruptible integrity, who ion. There could net have been less than 2,000 persons stirring address was delivered by Prof. Fowler of will certainly be elected to t^e Pjetidency ia Novem-present, and many had to go a<way who could not gain Poughketpsie. A fine glee club has been organized. ber next, and will at once proceed to restore the Fed-of John Sherman -was a review of the four puiiee «;Aftera:fewsecondsheagainjumpedup,andex- the7thofAugust. Weunderstandthereisalivelyin- hetookgroundagainstJtheLecomptonConstitution. theotherday,andinthecourseoftheentertainment,a sayingthat,inhisopinion,thecontestreallylaybe-v4umed, .*: This will never do.° He advised her to get terest manifest in the advancement of this profession, He stated that while the South were enjoying the new feature was introduced. About thirty barefooted tween Lincoln aad Breckinridge, andthat no man ex- under the bed with, the children, and he would draw- and there will he a larger assemblage of the faculty bon«fitsof the Missouri Compromise, he thought it a men rode about the town in a wagon, displaying a ban- cept Lincom could be elected by the people. After tho off their attention. He got out of the window; being from the North and Eastern States than usual. All perfectly constitutional measure, a sacred thing, and ner on which was this device, '* Toe Barefooted Demo- meeting; the Wide Awakes serenaded Mr. Sherman;they bad finished him. order to carry his election with the. people.of Illinois,'•'' 'v.*: '". .''•..'• and free by Mexican laws, south of live Missouri line.Untitled Document'';"': .',•'.'.'•'.•.- j * * - » - . v v . j , •» •+! ^ . » * i , k . - . -•••',"- . . . < . 1 1 - ^ V f * « f ^' . . ' • ',tobefbimedputoftheportibhnorth"of^theKc^7then ^^^idtiw^he^Wide-Awakes,tothenumberofIn fact, the same asceroity exists here between the, two- factions as in otber States, while we Republicans haveDouglas will do but little iu this S'ate, and Bell willpoll a large vote. The Dougtasites hyre are quite san-guine tbathe will carry your State, but when you talkwith the more considerate among teem,they acknowl- of Dr. Hambleton, the senior editor, T wrote the arti-Bieckinridge.j .To the Editor of The 27. Y. Tribune.A CARD.population of this city, to listen to a.speech, from theHon. Carl Shurz of Wisconsin. The aisles were filled evening to inaugurate their new Wigwam. The as- est Abraham Lincoln of Illinois a mm after his ownadmifeion. Previous to the speaking, a splendid torch- eral Government to its pristioe purity and vigor. Onand if a majority of such electors are elected accordingto the Constitution of tho United States, let them electtheir Prtsident, and there is the end of it. But all at- posed of several influential Democrats in e ich precinct, tempts to get the people to enter into unholy combina- who are bound by a written compact to abide the will tions to do one thing to prevent another that a third—more to be deprecated than the second, may happen,ought to meet a prompt repudiation by all the peopleof every paity, unless politics is a mere game to be—In Kentucky there is a secret organization, com-—The Republican ma*« meeting held at Commboa,"""Convention:."EDITOR DEMOCRATIC STANDARDS-Sir: I?have Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetW * ^ * ' » . . . i —* * <•- * - . -_ * . -, v , 