 YORK HERALD.J A M * * g o l P O l »*»»»».*». elfD PBUBalSlOWThe aspectof the rentslittlechaofrefromtintwhichiton the fire* coswtotna tba* Mr. Lincoln had re-beaoa they cannot, with justice or safety themselves be excluded from toe oooccoi Territories,orbeltedinwithfreeStates, blackrepublicanstermtt In' withinthetiresof toe Irrteg statesmenlong taught by the ro-tfae emroblcal doctrine regions. Ourfilibuster*buokto•property Is robbery.'' A pauperised RI)d*browthemselves into toe ranksof, believing tt to bo doing God ser- baldi, .and tbe Benecia Boy has whipped TomAMIJUDOUTT8 TO BORROW BTRXI»«BOM*O »•» Juurining to contemplate the porelble evil results totrade sod industry that will follow a eecewion BuffragequestiononTuesdaylast,inthisState,moTMBOBt In the Southern State*. which was tea to one against the block the republican merchants of tola city eet theBOWKRT Xavsataux T»oo*«A Rv• «fIt is evident that t i l parties are waiting for race, while Lincoln's majority reached fortythe sack* of bRttle to clear away and toe orst thousand. The white man instinctively re-ebullitionsofBSMIOBtosubside,inorderthat fusestoadmitthemtosocialequality,andtiteyforwardinapublicmeeting,convenedatthe thatoursuggestionwillbeactedon,andthatTMBATBR,error of their ways.Let them frankly comeW ALLACKV finLAPS* KAunratV **» fA«T-*O0WaBS k PATUX*.,—PIATIMS Wi•fkE*oedwRr.~f*«»ii-cannot bo annihilated. The equality intheAcademyofMusic, and abjure abolition doc-Mr.Karey willmeetawelcome worthyof him. Fit* Rarey!to sailfor ft. to amasstat A*a4iweri«** ^aw New rork, thatfisma*what Ltoe" MtSraR-THEATRE, MO.Union, their right to toe privilege of naturaltrines as the policy of their party, and declareit deaoaHsatod « \ aad New York.Iwn^t-Asim; cauoaaif-Lmxe Cv*a»m*». *V.-Bo»t Bteatoitfcould have an important influeoco on public North, or the South must seek safety out of theAgentswillpleeaeModtotheirordersasearlyaspot sible.roteottheSouthern States•thisbeing about 1,100,000;whiletheoppositionvoteoftheNorth has reached probably 1500.000. A third re-"irrepressibleconflict"betweentheNorthand the South.Visa Fall lm Stacks in Wall Street Yes- terd»* —Tbe Rebound from the SoattwKXtrg-"OMuBXuO'i. Jtectstist'UijeBcefromOr*;-*!saysthat tLeeceou-taggerated.| B y the arrival of the Bienville at New Orleans we have advices from Havana to the 8th inst. The sugar market was dull, and freights continued de- pressed. The account* of the sugar crop were satisfactory.T i e steamship Fulton sailed from tins port yes- terday for Southampton and Havre, with ninety- three passengers and 1135,600 in specie. The V yo alao sailed yesterday for Liverpool, wise Of,000 in ap-tk jjiiHt> fjaesongers.Accounts from Mexico, received b y w a y of X e w Orleans, state that Marquess, with five thousand men. had occupied Queretaro, and that the liberals had seized SI00,100 worth of church property.The Ctereadon Hotel, a t Buiialo, w a s destroyedby fire yester lay morning. The flames spread withsuch rapidity that it is .supptsed several of the in mate* of the aoial periehe J. A man Bomed Car-laad was burned to death, and If. Q. Chamberlrin, SB oyster dealer, Jumped from a fourth story win- dowaadwasinstantlykilled. Itwasalsoreported tn%tfgw affiant gfrla pciaW J.Major Beauregard* of the Corps of Eagiiters. has been •MJaMW Superintendent of the West Point MJHafy Academy, in place of Colonel Dela- taW. He will eater upon his duties at the close oftheapproachingexaminationofthecadets.Tha iauiemeucy of tbe weather yesterday bad a ten- dency to caeca aperaiiuis la some branches of trade. The taier of eottoa embraced about 1,000 bales, included to which were aiort 3 600 in transitu The marketThat the present preponderating party in the sional men, clerk*, mechanics, artfeana andare**.-**Let us, then, look toe danger in tbe face Let example of retracing, before it is too late, theoI T h e Aepec t » fNEWYORKHEBA^_gjTD4Jft|Pffff jfeglRIM.BiruJNiM. Bonot, DAJICM. Aa—IT>KD Lr.SALOOM. BfWR«U.—H00i.SV * t'<mie-".:^ Misrraixs » Bvatorua Boxes. BAXCXS, BoMJawr**, «••* Loie'a Diatiimaa _ _ _ _ _•dfitlou. policy was brought about by the persistent Tte m-i' MMMM» Mortawra Light, Capt. Tieklepauga.,willleavetonpertSBnoriow,atBOOB,toraspinweil The mtite tar CWrforal* M i otter porta of the/aciaewill etosa At tan o'clock to morrow morning. ThaBiwToaxWO_TE_HAL_—Onllforntseiiion- eoatamlog tbe latent lnteil.geace from all parte of tie world, with a Urge quantity of local and miscellaneousambition,thefollyendthecriminal selfishness of politicians and parly leaders. Next In Im- portance to this we have another remarkable fact,whichisthattheminorityvoteinthe Northern States, which has stood firmly againstof the rural editors—fellows who come to the of our tellow*itizens.The New*.Oar despatches from various potato at the South! sult, already visible on the great battle field ofkitcheno.theClarendonHotel,aad,rapid1./tpraad::g,andteaehers,asdare30accepted,willthusex- destroyedtbemalebuilding,situatedonthecornerof oftie|M»Aeaaiereofemigrant*bytoeSnakebeianirepresent the secemaioii excitement as steadily in-creasing, and the reports are corroborated by theproceedingsofthe Legislaturesandpublic meetinga in that section. Mr. Toombs, of Georgia, andMr.Chesmat,ofSouthCarolina,havebothresignedtheirpost*aaUnited States Senators. TheSouthCarolina Lrgislatore yeserday passed the bill or- ciAtsntciTiOB or TEE TBTBTV-SITRXTH COX- And this, we fear, is not the end, buttire :cfoiBJ»'.*rgTteat aU t o t sfevtB~of BWI/Bgi Red arr* of every person who is eireo moderately well through to Washington street. The wise oh Sor.i Dl T.-d attretuUsahtPte ineafoty,aa dthat wtrewtlieaat weredering a State Convention of the people. TheConvention will meet 0% the 17th of DecemberoRise. TUBNBWeauts.Total number cf Senatorsonly little more than tie beginning of thefourth story, and wet almost UistaaUy killed. Mr. Car sensethanthemajorityofhisconfreres ^ach land, of the firm of Carlaad k Beirae. clothiers, anonehaswrittenan article, which wecopy was burned to death. The bclldlcf was own-from the Richmond J)ispaicii. "The- City of ed by Orson Phelps, and valaei at $90,000, NewYork'"Isthesubjectofthearticlereferred cpon which there it an icsnraace of ftt.OCOnext. A report recommending the passaje Aheadr elected—Republicans.Do. OppositicnOppcoition majorityDo. Opppoaitit11. ..Total number of rei/resentative* Whole number of oppositiondepreciation and decline of all securimVa 30—6 From the folic wing table it will be seen that inearnest enterprising, steady going, Union ownedbyMr.Hodges,of the American Hotel, aad Mr. the Termer TIare 1cited aadreses eaeteineed. Of Bickford, proprietor of the Clarendon, was rat stir de- 4 the Cotter received per Waahtngtoa, abesaUMfrainiof a bM authorizing the banks to smpend]specie payments teas maile. and unanimous-ly adopted. It is stated in our Washingtondespatches that a report prevailed there last evening that the President was about to propose thecalling a Convention ofdelegates from alltheStates to take into consideration the present deplo- To be elected—Republicans rable condition of the country. In this city yester- Do. Opposition dayaUdescriptionsof public securitiesagainde-lovingpeopleof themetropolis As theRich stroyed. Lossonfaraitnre, abont S9/.O0; '-\'j insured. bare been token far oaxtamptioe at T» % W-,c forfted,S7t£c for choice, aid 2S*jc. for extra, Tbepreciated.A dispatch from Springfield, Illinois, the resi- Whole number of republicans•4STtf pies at toe present juncvure a prouder position way oat, and could not I've acoiaer ralaete it i.ls rooei,dence of the Preaident elect, published in another column, .wilt give the public an insight into the probable compos lion of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet.•e I ?§6tf • T ; ;than she ever befcre heldIt has been prettyandbe|gedthecrowd totare tia He ms act.MCD ajaic.iVaws from Pllte'a Pem.lt.f<m •:si?.xj7 Nov J, US-.t' The W:ttfrn St»£t Ccmfioy's coich fron: DanverThese three grea^facts mark out to us the gexeral outlines of the policy that should be we have news from San Francisco to the 31st ult., pursued by the patriotic and national senti- and later accounts from Oregon. The news from ment of the country, North and South, demon-*4J» Here. then, are the fruits of the election of Mr Lincoln by a party pledged to the destructionBy the arrival of the pony express at St. Joseph,California is unimportant. The New Almaden quick-silver mine esse was progressing in the CircuitCourt. The counsel on both sides had created astrating as they do these great truths.That Mr. Lincoln, even if so disposed, can do nothing against the vital interests of the SouthF M jesterday, with th« aaii*. a fsl load of rane^ert as.d the esj.ms matter. It t/.'c-uffc! no Lews ii ii'.por- t « c e froze Piae'i Teak ortiie Pistespert within a few hours of each other.Sai'ci C etcher IT. shire Panama, for Liverpool: MaryCy66*>u, 'tt Oaiao: 30th, Mefdaue'e Fevorito.f&rCAl.tc, bark Ocean B'rd, on a w*aiiH7 Toyage. Tbe clipper eb't Mettor 123 commence.: Uedirig a carr^ fi oae hut .«•: I;3- c: v.'x.i A for the Eagllah ma?k£i.sensation by each occupying a week in the delive-ry of his argument. The steamer Moses Taylor, during the first two years of his administration,the pioneerof a newlinebetween San Francisco inasmuch aa hb party La In a minority in both and New York, was advertised to sail on the 19th. houses cf Congress.mat. Thefareinthefirstcabinwas fixed atone That,intheUnion,theSouthhasalliesinthehundredandfiftydollar,. ThemarketsatSan Northmorenumerousthanitsownvote,and Francifco were quite active. The accounts from which have every probability of becoming pre-Oregon state that the reports of massacres of ponderating if moderate counsels prevail. emigrants by the Snake Indians were greatly ex-the success of the fusion ticket, and defeatea Vat pcaj express xobg west to lay patsei kere at eleven A. M •being cocaWDrah> ahead of l i s *1jealous ot their own liberties. Almost every man pesseseee arms and knows their use.There is only one way in which this fearful evil can be arrested, and that is by going back tofirstprinciples, and honestly and honorably,white. New York city is for the Union £rat, and the gallant .and chivalrous South after wards.•„„ ,. 1MORALITY OCT WEST.—The immorality of shadowis;-' of the course they should now pur-labor?H a v v e u .Nxw HAVXH, Conn . Nov. 10,13S0.New York it a favorite theme with country edi-tors. In another week or two the Chicago presswill have sufficient to occupy Itself with In thisway at home. The great dlvorc4 case ofBurch vs. Burch, which Is to b e triedthe charge of killing George & Stafford with a dirk Knife. Belden was committed for murder, and W. H. McCallock was held in $5,000 bail, and W. A. Baldin % $8,000. as aiders aad abetters In the crime.Tbe Superintendence or tbe West Point Academy.WASHeoTOX, Nov. K.lSSO.gy. We can have a grand reception prepared Major Beauregard. C&ptain in toe Corps of Engineers, - ait3 Norrls and High, with twenty dragoons, re rruteforwithin the next fortnight, will, it Is said.furnish a richer treat to scandal mongers soon after they had taken their course, and theyArrived to day from Camp Floyd, Ctab, firet Lleete.national politics, is ib* returns of the Congres- sional election*, whkh ehow that Mr. Linsoln willhavebothbranches of Congressopposed to him frcm the very start, as will be seen by the following table;—The secession movement at the South is beginning to work its results at the North. -In Wall street it was felt severely yesterday. Stocksfellfrom k to 2,j percent, as maybe seen by reference to our money article.informed. Once in a while, however, we com*: acrossaprovincialeditorwhohasalittlemorevision street was sared. BQ.Chamberlain,oysterdealer,jaoipedfroT.thercteTtatn^ortheajfapr ff the eleven tbtrrrljweei 31s trtRfaied frcm the Bain tt.:?.tie cm etaBaSMaaaerair<JthaseasonM*ure£is Q?eg»f. m WtdatsdeyaCctoeer ITcOMteraciAL MBUS.Ta country datoaed Las bees quite active the p u t few::-}t. 6-oct &i*£*3seforwa>ditoeralir,asdwhilejob lert' stacts wars experlezafog reiki", they have been a tbe market for a partial' ret ewal of aappLk*. Oaedlea oate fcund active rrqam.with salestothetradethe pest three days of about £,CC0 boxer, gcod braadt, at S»s'c. a i e ^ e aad cissiaj qaiet In meat prevision*I):. Opposition To be elected—Bepublicans....245 7—2.. 8,. 97Virginias.. 9 New York Centra!TUB NBW HOCSS. Already elected—Republicans8teckiTennessee?Ge- 10 ^90V 90K 88 «12188>* SI4Tst •*; SI 1% :B,V 468£08 «TK'4i.'-iC ;dmerican braidy nomtolC at fc6s.: in foreign t'-.er« tosoinquir;crtj*.>a*tiuaj,'aiaeetion,1/todreii1o. Cnt quality Bordivox r .lte w t « t 0 4 alCSe aSSe. Sc- ja.-s thaw little aaiEoation: prieer New flrlt—e to quota Bisatlie.goad m<acavatoaad10Se,eneCfctoa^Kc1 atBe-.*cra<-crctled UKicixedtor.betnonetcbebadwittiniss. Rfcci'ta of wheat ere B*ht thia week, and eareeTrr «rp*rt Umitod: choice wCte IS xV'l qBBtobk at l l i i t t l CO.THX LAT£^ NBWS.Poxx KtaxxsT, Nov. IS, 1»0CThe Pony exrrett from Ban Francisco oa the flat •# Ceicb^r passed here at half peat Lre tUg aitomooe By :hts arrivti w* get tbe foflewiea re*r» ~6AMFaixcaMX), Oct SI, lScfi. Ar*m', Cctrter 2T,3lmmtbtp Vncli Ssm, frsm Paee-Oppc sltion majority—generally acknowledged that thh city is. likeParis, not only the chief place in a cation, butreally the capital of a continent. Wo of NewYork supply the Western heml<tph»>re, and wecan justly claim to be the Empire CityofAmerica* But as yet we have only jast com-menced. By&cd-ty, when w e have securedNorthern States has within itself the seeds of an early disintegration, in the anomalous character of its elements—compriaing fanatic anti-slavery men and moderate free sellers, high tariff men and free traders, violent opposers of the Fugi- tive Slave law, and conservative republicans?who sustain it—and n the personal strugglesamong Its leaders,, which Have already begun, for the spoils.That consequently Mr. Lincoln's administra- tion will be without real power in the country, and form merely a uraaiition administration during the revolutionary period in politics, be- tween the breaking up cf all the old parties and the coming in of the new, just as John Qnincy Adams-* administration was a transition one between the breaking up of the old histori-cal republican party, which ruled up to 1821, and the democratic, which dominated fromand the little account of the Prince of he gave bends !n the save, of $10,099 ror bit appearance with choke to e?tr% at SSc. a SOc aeifaw prewtotoe* etc77.... 66to, and the writer pays a just tribute to thein New York aa<! New Qigiand companies. The faraitnrej•*•»•j««••( systemcollege. la the South the alarm and agitationcontinue unabated, and the North is begin- not be admitted to eqaal polttioel rights Withabout toe rights of property owners at the North,andintoeendmayprobablyarriveatamong the foremost. In his own useful way,,.56§6 £3tainhercharactertothelast,and,ifshelosesSfOOCO. There was a heavy rain Jailing at the time whichpreventedthe Arefrom spreading beyondth« building It it rumored that four eerrar.t girls are last, and it is thought that assay strangers a n y have perished also. Onemaninthefourthstory:atadda #!adowand exclaimed teat he was a ttrar ger aca c&uld a**t find the.. 75.2J7.121 ..10625;f . ie The faot is that the etar of New York oofcu'1828.With these facts and truths before us, we and in good faith, carrying out the conditions1 ION.— Rarey is coming—Rarey, the matchless boxes against S0,0C0 bor.ee. Grinding bad oeeweaaed tubjugutoi of fiery steeds, the recipient of and the crop was excellent. Molasser wax quoted at S -;cannot hesitate in saying that it is best for thewhole country, and best even for the South, toremain in the Union. Without recession theequality of the States can be vindicated, andthe rights of the South sustained; with secessionboth South and North enter upon a sea of trou-bles, whose boundaries no man can perceive,on which the Union was agreed to by the seve- ral States. Every State in the Union but one was then a slave State, and had not the condi-honors and decorations from royal and impe- rial bancs, the tutor of chevaliers and dames with equestrian tastes, the wearer of medalsrea't for clayedFxchaxgeoe Locdon was at l S ' j a IB per ee&t pre-mium, and on New York S a t per coat premium. Freights were dull.The tteamehipi De Soto aad PhliadeiphA sailed forTbe republican leads:., are bcreful of carryicj the State, aad were not th* el. ft on to eear at band, ataktogand no man can say that the rights of the Southcan be more perfectly sustained out of the federal Union at all. But when the NorthernThe ataamship Tennessee, from Vera Cruz on the Tth instant, baa arrived baredoted with tolerable flrnwea, especially for lots iu trausit, bat rather doll tor psrceti la store. Flour was firm-ly held, with jKMtorato sales The chief demand wastor export Wheat was to active demand for export,Oat, the tupph«s being large, pricet for some gradesfhvored pcrchaar 1 s Cora was heavy and lower, and salesmoderate. Pork was firm, with tales cf new mass atBl»UaS19tTK,as4Mwprimeat$l4aSM25 Sugarswar* heavy >«* fair sates were made, aad embracedabout808hhdtaadTOOboxes. Coflaewas;ulet,and duringthemonthsofMayandJunelast,the suitedtonegrolaborandun&uitedtowhite freight* aotae toss active aad buoyant to English porta. public men of the South have a practical fore-States, in consequence of the great inSux of Union than within it. With this general line of European er-fgranta—who seek the North ratherearton made a movement to leave toe room, whea two (Lota were fired at him, oae taking effect uet over thepolicy before us we can descend to seme of the details of the conflict which are already appa- rentThe members of the British legation bad peraaanently re-thantheSouthenaccountofcongenialityof celt'couldmanage—thatferociousquadruped tiredfromMexico;aportionoftbmmcamebytbeTea righteye Beianotejectedtolive. SirmeawereStable to them, is that a valid reason why they First, as regards the South. In the events should attempt to intefere with it in ihe South, which transpired at Charleston and Baltimore, where it is profitJble, and where the climate isposes to rcs'tra The British, Prussian aad Spanish Minis- ters, with Mr. McLane. were at Jaiapa, and it was be- lieved tome decided step was contempAted.sue. Had Mr. Yancey and the members who seceded with him remained in the Charleston Convention, nominations satisfactory to the South would have been made, and there can be no doubt that they would have been elected, and the present crisis avoided. This they sawHere is an opportunity for a new and unique local tehsatioc. We want one at this moment.- —•—; »><ii'i'i) >• '• "'i » > ' """•""'' ' * ~ • , , , VHontecroasssIn an equal ratio with oure a«d to crime and turbulence by their olrcumof d r yhare rigwelbei s»ceived RmRJorlty of the votes of the electoral fourmillionsofAfricanstareswillharebeoo-t" attoeSouth,willnot beverylong scrupulous science,Americanshareshownthemselvesfirsteight millions.toe white race. Look at the vote on the negro toe conclusion of helping themselvesTney cannot be freed,**!*»•Mr. Rarey has outstripped ail thevery Arab marvels at bis inflnenoe over the borse, and calls upon Allah to attest bis won- derful power. Is it not toon highly proper that we should extend a fitting reception to the great horse tamer? We fool assureda calm view may bo taken of toe field, enablingus to eee what positions have boon lost or won,and what course Is best to bo pnreued under expansion of the States possessing this Atrioao their intention to uphold the inter-State rightstoo drexunstances. Already there arecortoin population* with the necessary Institution of of the South according to toe letter and spirit THE SYRIAN BBUBF FOND.—It appears by a great results looming up clearly to view which its social subjection* most be admitted In the of the constitution. There Is not a moment to statement published by toe Syrian Belief Com-, oOWB*t» VMBAVJIB. lowr.-llwu:-a •< Xc>«- i- ,o(,~MoT«t* (ioout--#u D«6K«M or Caiaa.•ABITOTm AMERICAN MTSXrjM. Broadway.-Par aa4Union.BRTAJTW m m n u e u . Mechanics' H*«, m Broadway. best po.iey to bo followed for too interests of In this state of affairs the President elect b«*————.—————be lost, for revolution, like a snowball, in- mittee that the sum forwarded from this coun- creases as It rolls, and it is toe part of wisdom try ($20,000) is already exhausted, aad that to stop it at once. And, above all, Mr. Lincoln reeh exertions will have to be made to provide oughttocomeoutwithamanifesto,whichwill sustenanceduringtbewinterfor toe destitutet this Una will really ge 1although the arect, who a a sen of atoraballO. B*>«w protettothattapmeirelsarebiearaettfora]a J i S f t S B * g **•***»> xaeprlceofrpat la taeftrat cabin to advsj-toed to be < hundredaadSftydollars. WSenator Baker, of Oresea, addressed aa iatmeateaudience la Uito city lait eveaiag. He avowed hit totoa lea toaWde b y taedoctrtae of aoa t&torventt* w i u atoyery to theTerritories, not at a prtootpiebet «e»policy.two mea ware dreadfuLj lacerated at Erase Valley enthei5tb,bythepremetnre discharge of a caanoa, wtUa ftripg a salute to honor of the Peaaayiraete, 0*40 aad Indiana republican victories Dee ef them, seme* Oay lord Oampton, wtfl proiably tost bath eyes.man everywhere, In their discussions as to toothe whole country and of the asvoral sections ahighand animperiousdutyto perform. Hethatcompose It.First among those is the important and 0ver-shouldannounceatoncethepolicyhewillpur throwoilonthetroubledwaters, bydeclaring ChristianpopalationoftoeLebanon. Weharethat there is no irrepressible conflict between no doubt thattornfresh appeal will bo cheer- slavelaborandfree,andthatbothmaybecon- fullyandliberallyrespondedtobyourpeople.sueinhisadministration,andthatpolicyshould CAMTKBBtBI OOBCBBT 8AL00B. Broadway.- •hadowiog fact that a very large majority of beoneof peace andconciliation. BeshouldThere is no cause—political, religious or chari- table—that doesnot promptly meet withas- sistance here. It is not long sues we gave $60,000 to assist the Pope, aad $10,000 totoo popular vote of the country Is opposed to proclaimhisdeterminationtoenforcetheFugi Mr. Lincoln; that be has been elected by a tireSlavehwinthefreeStates,andtorespectductedforeverinharmonybyconfiningeach to its proper sphere- the sphere which God and nature, soil and climate, hare assigned to it.minority vote through the division of. bis op- ponents; that this division of the national sen- timent in opposition to the black republicanall the provisions of the constitution guarantee-If this is done, wisdom may prevail and the matter,willhapnbltabtdataineo'clocklathemoraiog. thefanaticismofthehour, exceeds in its ag- countrybesavedfroufthe impendingdangerscity for a spree and go cruising about on theDestructive Fire »t BuffaloSingle copi**, in wrappere, ready tor mailing, six cento. gregate by at least two-fifths the whole united that have sprung from the proclaiming of antheir own words. They don't hurt us a bit. Oar people only laugh at them, and wonder that menwhosetthemselvesupaspublicgu«de»OISLS PROBABLY KILLED, ETC. BCFFJkLO,NOV.10,18*0Afirebrakeoutatoneo'olock this morclaglathe•bout torty4ir* mile* •Tbei*thofNovemberbubwnappointedbrtheGcv- ?nor (or a day of gearrei iheaksgivte?of the social institutions of the South The re volution at the North has produced revolution at the South, and the effect of that come* back again to the North, as curses and cticasr.8 come home to roost. Northern 4em%gif»eh anddesperadoeshavesownthewind,aniBowCit.;-,es Bcn.'ay mo»nlL^.j-aatedharetorGc*h*at CT6 ra; :rnb, thtpt Go?Jen Ftoecc and GeicenState,b^ih of ebiah i. fi New Yt-ra tbe tame car, aad reaoaed tantotrampleontherigbteofpropertyownersSayer*. infact,Inalldepartmentsofartanding the equality of the States. And more thanthis, the moderate and conservative men of the SOMETHING GOOD OUT or NAZARETH AT, LA3T.— aid Garibaldi, thus proving at once oar im- pending to the United States Circuit Court. The arrt-North,themerchants,manufacturersandopera Wehave published a good manyabsurdand partialityanduriversalityofsympathy. When mtutwatopeted•Ortheciaimna.abyjr.C.Peacuy.wrM seteeh eeneptod e week's ttme He wee followed br F tstupid articles from the provincial press upon we can thus lavish money on both aides of the eaead BaEdetoh tor the go*era—eat, wee epoke Strug tivee.whohavevotedforhim,shouldatonce thecityofNewYork,beingmovedtodosoby samequestion,wecanwellaffordtobestowa theentiresesetonofanotherweei..Ilea.i.P.gtoajamla,call public meetings and announce theirde- for claimant, bet been, speaking contianooaly for tbeases*eofduty.WebelievedthatthebesttittleextraaidontoeEasternChristians,whosepastthreedays,ardhasjustdated,aadMr.Baadotpb termination to support Mr. Lincoln in a policy hat commc-ncttd hit reply. Mum-dy Joheaoa rjntlrt aettofpeaceandconciliationtowardstheSouth. waytoexposetheignoranceandmalevolence sufferingshaveacommonclaimonallclasses fortheclaimants,whenMrRandolphwillmaketheclattog argnrme&t for tbe g^ver. ai&at at aa intellectual 1ttr..gai*, tbit ear has Mirfoin had 5 : rcjaalTt» dirretort of the San rranctoeo aad But Jose KaUread havel?tcuttheccntrsetft?occipletu»gtheworkwttain Points, or In bouses cf 111fame—was to quote SEVERAL PERSONS BURNED TO DEATH—SERVANT three jeare, tor two mUUcn d dol'.ara. the dittence apesothemselvestotbe ridicule and contempt MainandSouthDivisionstreets,aad thewing extendiageat mSes (laggarateJ. Col Wri£bt bad raeeiui ,-JTone month stocks have declined;seme five,someten, some twelve and some fifteen per cent:— mood writer says, New York stands out firmly Mr. E. Pcabody, droggiat, iotss about S3.CC0 above bit casket shows firmness, with the prospect of rtliaj at tbeManamaReading Hudson RiverHarlemRoci IslandGaleaeToledoniUois Central.Michigan CentralMichigan tjoutn?ro guaranteedl i sall elce in this contest, will not lose hershopkeepers and all ranks of society will goonbe brought under its desolating power,unless some very decided and very aposdychange for the better takef place in least two millions of inhabitants—a metropolis Tbe -uteduk- time for ike po-y g<vi* Weft to satehnrSNew England and Western States where the trust one to their government. They are too black man is put upon a pinnacle abovetheamount is double that of an* previous year.New*froxn H a v a a a m u d Mexico. CHATT-I-TOS, Nev. S. 1860.Tbe steamthip Isabel bas ar-ived here with Havaaa datts of the Cth Inst. The newt to en importantKzw ( RI*A5S, Nov 10, I860 The steeiLSbip Bienville, trom Havana on the Sth .att.,hat art: red.Sugar was dull at 8,1; reals. The stock was 86.000people of this country do not mean ever to enthan any simitar issue which has coma tried to remedy their error at Baltimore. Batbefore our Northern courts. The plaintiff is a the passions of men had then become excited, enterprise, creates Northern commerce and man »nd Amazons curr be formed to escort this Ame- amination ot cadet3.banker moving in the best society of Chicago, and it was too late. So cow if five States se-ufactures, supplies Northern capital, enhancestican prince of horse tamers from the Battery to the Fifth Avenue Hotel We can dispense with tbe Sixty-ninth regiment and all the brave infantry battalions of our volunteer militia; buti our cavalry regiments turn out, and General Sandford SDter into a written stipulation that he will not delay the procession with his mili-Tba Bavnb of I'pper Caaada, <wc.To?xerro, Nov. 10,1560 the winter.have been spent by both parties In getting up*character. Witeesses have bean hunted up in MTJfBESS OF COKOBSSS FROM SECXUIKt, STATSS.begun to find that out. Cut the connection ot the North with cotton and other staples of tbeCottc& atiffer. but qooUtloa* unoheeged te»ee to-day 14CO bale* at lie a11'4*.formiddling.aalee ef H week, C 7^00 bales, reooipt* of toe we*kv,~;rj6 b*Je-.aeainet €9 MS bale* in the cwcawpon^lnc seek Jast ye*r cpcrcated receipt* a* tot port to date,ftfiJOBbejas; do at all ports 115,5*0 baler , sports of the wwdc, UfiVl bale* .oni esparto this aef^.., aBO.COC balet, stcek in port, itt,K0bales. Sugardull at $£e.aTaforlakf tofelly fair. Monexce See.a3>-. FtourdclLaaperfiee,$6 6Caalt parts Of the country; early antecedents havebeen diligently investigated, and even the sur-roundings of chibrbaori narrowly inquired Into, tostrengthentoecasecmbothsides. Fromall Mississippi appearancesthistrialpronboatobeoneoftheNort: era manufactures—and is it not as plain a*that night follows day that commercUi gloomandfinancialrevulsion must ensue.' Even mpposing(whichisrather a violent supposition> andSratenIsland,andtoeequestrians of both thattoemost friendlytermsshouldbeeatabTotalmoat remarkable In too catalogue of domestic fteaeat conservative majority.,. 8•xee who frequent Central Park, will form a avaloade, which, for elegance, magnificenceSix schooners via —The Antelope, Ureat w^gtoRn, Hrair.ari, Gematdtwo ether*weredrivena>borehere during toe gale teat night Mo Peas were tost.BrrxAioJSWsS.leeV). fa15c for cemmoatoprime. Frei0-bAon oatioxtoL'.v.r poolsltd Exchac2*unalt-rodBairxo-1 Bee. IS, 186-: Flour steady. Wheat firm, at U. CO a $1 tt for t«dsightIntotooconstitutionofsocietyoutWest,The famous case of Carstang vs. Shaw u said tofall far short of it in the interest and piquancy Pj«5g»«ws, toe Booth can destroy the pre-and immense capital, could so undersell tbemanufactories of the Northern States as to com-where.And why should we cot honor Mr Rarey with a grand reception. He hi one of thoseporosis a $1» T6; remb, B14; leaf toed, 12-,e a l«< Co2eeateedyatteea15*.;a,>stocktafi'tthaadi.Wh.»- Vey d e l at t5c. a SOtfc \^BsajifcxiTaA, Nov. 1«» UdO.of Its revelatlona, the parties moving in a sphere of society in which social and religious observance* are supposed to be strictly ad- hered to. In presence of the startling ezpo- Fures too small vices of New York society will, It hi said, pale into insignificance, and assumethe mild Catholic form of venial sin*.country famous in other lands. Franklin aad directly for itself; toe second, to reduce the Morse taught the world how to baneae theUj-iC;Lagwjra.lt> c alfic. FroTiSioaBqotet *bi»- keydn::at2Sc,al2>:-,.Bi5»AiC».NOV.tO—1eMcede they will destroy tht antl-repuUican ma- the value of real estate, and Is the source of theThomas G. Redout, manager of the Bank of Upper The Car.ada, taft for -lorlaud today on bnatnete connected warm. with tbe bank.0 J Bry dget, manager of tbe Great Western Railway, leevea for Ergland oc Monday en railwar matters.Tbe Seboontr G. D. Shannon Aebore. SQI AX BsAca, Nov. 10,1800.Tbe snbooner G. D. Bltannon, Capt Rows, from Ronton 10 Ph.iadelpbla, in br.' att. caue ashore this caornlaf atiattIbxee ,days the weather bat beerjcear s a iMaurnate.Naa OXLBAXS, Nee. 0, IMC.whilst the defendant, his wife, is niece to ou • accumulated wealth of the North, then it is notofourrailroadmagnatesandleadingpoliticiarj jorityJMMCexistinginbothhouses0/Congress,only perfidious to break faith with the Sou^b.of the State of Mow York. Large sums of money and consolidate the black republican party in thebut It is suicidal insanity, and Wall street ba*North by giving it a working majority, as will evidencetoblackenanddestroyeachother's boseenbytoefollowingable:—tiouth Carolina. Georgia Alabama Florida.Still we canthree 0 clock, north of Hqoan InletNc llvet lost.difficultieswhichhaveforawdtoosubjectofalegalcontest,andwill present anedifyingIn- ••rtofTansandLouisiana,whichhavejoint France,withtheircheaplaborandtwinedskinTbeschoonertankbytoeschoonerBaJtoe,o Presqvc and$1Ua$165forwhite. Comateaay SSeaTOcir nd uniqueness, has never had a parallel any- nto, proved to be tbe Kyle SrengiefTbouad dswa with yellow sad '.0c a Tie for white ProvRBoae eteady • « •Even without a secession movement on toeandthatfreetradeshouldprevail.EnglandandI H rwpreeeutatton of four Senators and six re-Senate. Souse.2a 2 2South—take away the Southern market f.»r <*i^ reviews, we think they might be allowed to102725 lished between the two sections after secession,P0 1 ^1 ^*^ Imownfrtoads in Congressby pletelybreakthemdown. Theveryfirstaffectwouldbetodestroythedrygoodstradeinthe* menwho*e talents have helped tomakeour weedjJitraitoboreherelastBight. JTOwrr»f*.flour tacbanged. Wheat quiet, at SI SO a Bl &.As regards the North: Kattonal men must perceive that flus fanatical antagonism to the South cannot **jsero*ted to preponderateCitiesoftheNorth,astoeSouthwouldImportF»x%4\t Clnt lanatt.C^jiraiaAr., N r r I 0 , i ! c 0Counterfalti.NA^-rfTiuJ, Tenn., Nor &, I860.Count*-let twentiesou the Banker Tenneceee, cay 7^251 b^an^* oat* Cyra: ^jr.'.rt*—i.Ki tamong us.The aomther n States, though in agiven them a reaper, and Hobbs a lock. Fioe constructs printing presses for our Eng-at SI. Cora, rets, barley and rye dal BOS^W* WS. ru kvminority, nave in the Union an equality ofand after that we can hardly say what wouldUntitled Documentbey wtn'-.-al a« i.lc Canal -. ^r»e steady !•»«.»•• pr-ril today-" :C0 bbit. B e - «S SC2 i-r^eto < -«en Monday, the 5th inst The aharget against tit., are Wales' ball from Peter Cooper «!t Co... we M ^ i f a c t a i . t a S , aecording to Th^tiats^atofthequtetaxd cncLaz.«.ed Foreign aggnto n*e afeawj DaJ?st*i Jf«rH5si» 3«-.J. it must 0* agrare ;-&intenu to ehow our rural friends a city with at The -weather it cleft- aad warm here ' . i -Jmunequalled since the palmy days cf old Home, the mintress of the world.IsatoneP.M.onHonda)1aad Fridays batuntiltoday the u?aal time of pacateg bet been, tiaee the eataWist- nreot nf tbe toteyrsph office, from eta to e fht P. M. on Mondays and Fridays.1Isaaisernsi* dteJSad I atearneetor'tci-maworreavaahtetrtt keaanilaaeeeeeeatIdfa Sperthe relations between the North nod South.Matters must either grew aoon better or rapidlyworse. Revolution never stands stUtt ft musteither go on or be put down. But the revolution at the South cannot be put down by force,asrevolutionsareputdowninEuropeL7cannon theUnion,thenthecityofNewYork,theriver tbitseasonforthegoldregions,Utahandthefortsontbe «arecfatinvfs,Mr.RandolphhavingspokencoLttnuoc*-If,facwever,Northern fanaticism shoalc tri-ivs&sKsX'ot. ^S3tyfc£; rbipmints will ^o forwara to morrowumphoverQS,and the Southernstatesshould Statetaeat In Recaurdl to IVeeteru Tralet. AH H:SOS. K. T . WOT 10.1868.The post exprees from St. Locit en the 16th of Octo- ber fenired at San Francisco aa toe SC-tbexercise their undeniable right to secede fromThe CAamptcn, of tbis city, publisbei a statement of tbe nurrber of trains which have outfitted at this placeand bayonets. This government is net so con- counties, the State of New Jersey, and rery Plains —Ninety trains, composed or 1,TT3 wagons, em- ploy sag 2.020 men, 693 mules, 18.117 oxen, anc carrjirgstructed. We have no standing army, and the likely Connecticut, would separate from those 3 510,893 pcundt of merchaxdiee, have gone out ThiaTbe argnment in the New Aamada Qaickailver V - if*et the ride or the gt-remmeBt .very day since the cep*.'- tur»ofth9la*texpr«3B. He ia still In the mtdet o' hi* irg^me.t. Rererciy Jcan*on tpeeks next, when Mr Reedeiia neSeethe etoetog argamenl. Tbe court root: nat b*ea crowded during the trial, nearly all the lawyer* of the city |ivmg their constant attention 10 the greet iBteieftoai struggleTre pollt-cal campaign Jrawa towarde a dose wlto lees txcittmen: tban anticipated. Ditaatraue Eettera newt tee-ct to p*ra'jr=e both wlnge of tb* denocracr Senator Gw.u ano e* eenator Wt-ilar, oa their political tour, *n eoldK received, aometitnea pcetpontng • meeting for wa .t o f a a aud'.enc Tbe Oeegtoeitee fare litue better . AU,parties eoacede L«s«>ln i electtoa, and tba repebiicanearegaadax atouum rapidly, ** tber recruit mostly by drawing volunteer* from tb? I togiae democracy. The Srecklsridgere are ga n og some inciieatai advattage, a' znost the only advastege tbt' have bad aiaee tbe cam- paign opened.ANC-THEB CBLBBRITY COMING—AN E ^ S£XSA-New York on the 6th inst.tioncfrestoringfugitiveslavesandreccg awardedbyseveralhumanesocietiesofEng- TheateamthipClydebadarrivedatHavanawithVera itdifficItforpoilticlaestochavgeiafavoroftheprjepocnizirg their labor as the pror/Hity of theiramasters jast as distinctly as any oth r propertybeen adopted, thi-re never would have been aCruz date* of the Seth ultimoTbe coostitutionaibrto bad lost S 000 men by tbe exr-ioeion of a mine at Guadalajara They afterwards raised tbo tiege.t'vewiDnlcg iid;. tbe State wculd be given up by all partita to tbe repuoli »nt-C>nth4 eveniegaf tbeClHheigbt mar ,«i.r mar ed far-*. wectintotbeetoreof P.ar*r>n;.-Co., at Pern. Eidorado canty, and demanded tbe ke»e of the safe, at toe aaoa*time rrc-tenUng ;!U:li at Mr Pearron. He gave ea the key when the? opeaed tbe earn aad tnek i \ the money aad tpecixaet t oT goto It contained. Mr.>and and Scotland, the modern Centaur. He is returning to his native land after a two years' absence, during which he astonished high andlow with proofs of his wondrous skill in taming The Juarez government had granted aa extension of lae refractory brutes. And he brings with him his Tehuautepee charter Beacr Ccarcoc had been appointed Bucephalus—the horse that nobody but him- Foreign Minister aad Senor Mate Miatoter ef the Treasury.nerse.. Tbe eonstltuttosaltots are still before Guadalaja- climate find that slave labor is no longer pro called Cruiser, who had been the terror of ra. The conntry ts ia a dreadful Mate. Mbrataon pro-tilting around the *to « waen toe robbery was commit- ted, bat being unarmed they did -ot c e: ^ny retiavabccLarge uantitiet of ore of the Cairerae eopper miaet await pcrebasers. San Fraactoco shippers wti only pay $S5 per toa for it landed on toe wharf Ihe miner* are ailll bcay runuiug tunae.a, t cv!.e dates from Oregcu are to the Litb of October, r^e i*gi»latureadjonruedcataeIftt,bevfogpaeeed*large uumber of bills and a w w « oi memortoie to uoegrnej The Committee of Wa>; aod Means ettiaate the currant rxperaes of toe State f- - ::.«•two years next eascmg <tIf the employment of slave labor at the Southinterfered with the free labor of the North itwould still be the duty of the North to cheer- The Prince of Wales has departed, the fully submit to it, or leave the Union. Butwhen it is clearly proved that, so far from interferfag with free labor at the North, the slavelabor of the South increases and multipliesNorthern employment, gives scope to NorthernR. E . Beldeo, medical student, and his companions, hadtheir float examination at ere o'clock this afternoon, oa $62,000. The recent t -.ere of emigraeia by the <toafcegrooms and stable boys, and who could not begot out of the stable of a country tavern byany means short of unroofing xthe building.RareyleavesEnglandto-morrowfortheUnited Trie Bfcdleal Student Trouble lu NewStates. Cruleer is already on his first voyage.Presidential election is over, and here omes Rarey just in the nick of time to keep us from falling into a state of stupid lethar-Arm J- Movement*.Fos ilaAKMtv, Ost. IS. id:*.baa been appointed 'uperintendent of the military aca- (or him. A cavalcade of all our best horsemen demy at West Pout, aad will relieve the pretest super. tntendent at the close of the approaching semi annual ex-New Mexico. They will k-are ty-morrow for Fort L*^v5t worth. Orders were received by yeeterdar't ntU to aend from here all tbe government team* bat six: at rood baa to be banted eleven mile* It bee exerted graat a&xi tiy ameng the officers how they are to coliec. f*e. forake part in the grand ceremony. dowith2utthem. Themenwhodrivetheirfasteem* on the Bloomingdale road, Long IslandOlenetere on tba babeiOAXT&ije, C W ., NOT lO.lf'SO. fi"' $3 7S Coffee steady: aalea ef the week CAK.: bags at 11:.lightning. Steers has shown how to build fastprises; the next wonld be to stop the mills, yachts and clipper ships. Mclbrmtck Jieij iy destroyed by Are Seat riabtwages of the factory employee to starvationrights with those of tte North. Then: popubv be toe effect, with 30 many idle hands tempted.lishThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069cousins,Train isintroducingourable at Trcalon, are cirenlstiai, ts thiscit-.t*i/,;* b'ttB'-:'? w£?ai. »0,CCC '. .^-%i Wrr.morasrailroads.NEW* FROM THtT PACIFIC-Set, 10 for the Union, and be is quite safe in predict iBtrrance. Minor losses win make the total 'its aot far preeect price* for tbe resetpta &r<w expected. l*r*l 01 liow at last quotations, lumeatie liqeora are deli ofir-Mt in* ti at "thin Chivalrous metropolis will main- from S120,000, upon which there is an 'xscraace of sale alcoLo., T0c.; pure ~epb lit, 40c : whiskey, eCc tKM honor."the black republicans: wiien we have finished ine CaUmn'A ovartoad Central sua4 Papck peer tu- Tr>«? e;th the ceuntrj ec-nUnucs mfMlarately actl7eourCentralPark andlaidout the upperpart pr'?smattertram8t Joeayh,onTneedev.gaBBRShereat forty Cv# mlactea past eieTea this mer- ng, be.ng acreThe qeanttiy ottoeda aotag farwera to tbeInterior13 larf:, ;.tt the eity tredo w e tbe epportoaity to relate svoctt. preparatory to tbe wet eeeeen, aaa^eagnew prr eLawemrarem»tacm,eaelekweeavrWauaaapR1aitea; to fir oritrt in *mi rreto twe'r earn csHtiiiera Tha BJtr^tlevtoceiilftiecutzgf aiaceinmde Tyng tell a straight story about Ball eleven and twelve o'cL>9k ;hj momla., bcih coachet brarght 1,911 jxtktfp.1,3aged dtli of wfetrh wee heatedthe people of the North, led away by them, a-n cf the island properly; when we have settled ral hoere befcltd time, caried by Heavy -oadv Thereitar&mcrccrreniherethat:hepony*xf<r£teitbeginning to reap the whirlwind. Ttte first gustsofthetempestBwepteverWaitstre»i jetterday. The banks, the merchunte, the manufacturing interests, real estate, profes-Dr. Cheever as Bishop cf Congo river, elected to be disoonticaed between this ^.ace aad St. Joseph,Beecher,withaSharpe'srifleonhisshoclder. mailingthaiitaEasterntervKiat.Two coaebesof the orertad erpreei, which left Den- diet wave cntot- eetos at «s>ie «as captain of a company of Connecticut militia; ver on Tuesday mornisg tost, peered here betweenioaded with pemeagcrs.A 1-lac s diamond customers: got* the From Papou. by tnis amval, we toara that Jndge^cLane, who was arretted tome time 'tat weak, at- artists, factory hands, the l&boric? classes, the items of the Japanese bills from iJrady, caped and wai re arretted on Saturday, the i i lest , whenwaiiMfoie newt comiaf' St heed tot tee eatee taae of 8-utotthed shiprndBto frees Mew W t . a tetter ft£tm *ZmHfc^**W4m tc ataln as adraato. The raafe if STJto. a Mc.world. Tbeeora. Tbeceew weresaved u a aoaaifboat. tKA utAJXW,bov915*1.The brig Parages, from Oewege, bound for the Weilasi can*!, wt*»vjiort» here l u t a i g l t Crewaafo.Wiuurevav Pgrlax, a W., Not. %. 1?30-Theseho'aBerBBTIIB,from Otwego bceedforCLtcsgo, for red C-*ra auii yel»a, Tea. Rto cefiiee,K ,e aTbe txtetstvc sawmill of M. a L Glean, in the Seroe- t<*nth ward, with a large quantity of lumber, was ent.ratali? yej«terd*rr afternoon l.'.OCO beehetotoo. I " ' * " aprir^ at $1 CI; $,".C« baahtLS Ko. 1 H'Jwacker, c.^s *• $i 02, thia mora og. 6.CM battels No. 1 <^to>r. *s ••Tbe great New Aimaden qalekellver mine rest tottriwot. 3igi.t *j»ijaag#eeyaew roik to aduneed at ta a %Icdiant Trmt tLe pr.r.pa! cstrto of tLememorial!tc iJoagreu. The establa^iiof t of military pee* aloe* Ur„ line of the < veriaad tra^f. from t i e Mbaieri river \\ some safe point oa the Oorcmhto river 12 alto ?r».yi^ for.Flor? dull aad uaabaLged. Grau. Cu^ and r*U» r *«..- r www.fultonhistory.com 