 libanded to witness j Tbislools like it but I will not swear to it; be pulled out both gold and silver—the latter in quarters and hulves, but no bills; weTeacbe<! Whitehall at about one quarter to 8; I paw tbe prisoner jz^ vbore.Cress-exatnination.—I »••»•about a mile anda halffrom I on Richmond when 1 first saw tbe prisoner; tho first thing he sail won to ask me to count bis monfey ; it did not occur to me tdat be was a foreigner when be asked me whether the money was good; I took bim for a native American; the bag was not entire- ly full; it waB tied in the middle; he untied it and put his band in; I should think ho showed from $ 6 to $ 7 in silver, beside the four p'Vcos of gold.Here tbe Diftrict Attorney called up the witnesses—Dunning. Rnimer, £<Tildinger, and McAffrey—and com-frontfcd them with the prisoner, who was made to puton the monkey-jacket and Koeeuth hat that had been*xbibited to tbe Court. They all identified him. Mr.Diman, tbe deck hand, said decisively, " That's theboy"—a remark than created a general laugh, the pris-Spray of Guilford, Connecticut; defendant had boon employed on board of her as cook for tbroo or four years; thoy loft Guilford on Thursday, tho 8th inst., at 10 a m.; w* took a lino for them at the dock: I havo ch*r<e of tbo seboanor Sarah Lfwis of GuiKord; Cspt. Leete, brother, and tho accused, woro on bond tee St.ray ; bis cargo consisted of about -400 btuhe'i of potatoes, worth 40 cent* per bu»hel; 4b0 bushels of turnips, w orth 30 con's p<;r bush<-l; 125 bushe s ot onions, worth » eonU perbasbel.and 9 tuns of bay, averaging $19 per tun; I soiled on Saturday, and Cspt. JLeett's broth*r who spent tho evening pre- vious on botrrd ol my boat, s»id they should rotnrn home last as soon as tbey had disposed of their cargo; Capt. Loot* did not. usually have much careo back; he migbt have bad tome orders to fill; have not seen Capt. Leete or his brother sine© that time; have mad© conriderablo inquiry; ri^xt saw th© sloop Spray oa Mondsy last, et tbe Battery; to all appearances sh© had "boon T< ]i into forwaid; I nsti; tea in taking out a mattress from her cabin alluded to by Mr. St:ne: tbere was a stain on it in about tbe positini where tbe head would lie thai had tho appoazancoof beu>g blood ; the b'ood was on tbe case.[Tbe two coats which Jachaloo woro at the time of his arr©«t•y**\triumph for the Anti-Administration party, the tec etgetting a majority of 1Gb", out of only 288 votes polled.The officers tlect are: ^.L. Thaddeus Davids, Supervisor: George Ferguson, Town-W^.Assessor; J«>hu v\\ Burtis,'PotorE. Ga'luudett, Assessor; John W. Burtis, C^^TF***of Highwavs; Lawrence D Huntingdon, long U«m, vr! ,t r 0 B , ler, jr , to (ill vacancy. Justices of the I'eaoo; "P^^VZ^Tcf Collector: Moses T. Strong, John W. Sherwood, ^ ^ the Poor: Mo**o T. Strong, Btiijamiti L. Blonk, J f n * ^ w ofThifi largo cific Mail Co. New-England Wash-e Minej harp ur/on th*contract, but ant fact that tj Com. .Vandor; dacaer of opp| Company ba^j$220,(K>0 per The foiiowi the four leadijlatest weeklyH. Y ork. Marfhl Boston, Mar. i- Phitadeipbis. Mlj N. Orleaua, MaT ot*iprevious vrfk. The Ctioahe pa} inent pe^ aoie 1( ik the 2d and meet of the Sinkiug Pu' for the p«jtoae^ thi»C< «««d4 ag«b.mottoeft:•DAIL YTRIBUNE,29,1660.Tw*.*day before tbe v«sel sailed [watch produced and recognized;COM- 50C Fm't %W Unit I / < 0 M } M' S.COfl Ter,r25.fCfl <j. 1,000 Froo 1.5CCII. Y 5.(*0 F.rie•1,000 Erie 1,000 MicaJ*tWg- LOGO 6t 1.500 IIL C LCOO-Mrohle.ccoMich5,0f0 d- S.CCO do 17 Metros 12 Shoe am 20 Con-mo» 14 Munhatt 5 Bank of 84 Phooix1B5 Pacific 1 do.FROM TB& AFRICANO e O v s ©otT**TH»d«3t.SQUADRON.r It was announcer.du tuh.a«t many cf tb« Keononcaoa the French, of whom Hnmboldt affirms positively tha .from Ncw-Htven and Waterbury bad invaded the be is the offspring of an illicit connection betweencity and occupied the entire Park. Three cheere were Queen Hortenseandthe Dutch Admiral Count Verhuel.givenforthem. '' ' - .:Hr. Corwin proceeded to show the history of the Of the King of Prue&ia a number of/amusing aneo*with a cargo of tKrt&toet, onions, hay, fc«.« dM not frnow what time ho !•ft New-York to return; Capt. Lewo a*j brother have nut bo» » *eon at Guilford fo» thr«« W«ok« past; ko» bas torn*times rx-eo in the ouster buMiooM, bat not for th© past two Winters; witness was on bo«rd tho Spray, lying at tha Bat- tery, Isst Monday afte-noon; sbo hod tbo app*aranoe of bovine been run into, a hoi's beicg stov« in ber bow; am »ng other tblaM taken out of tbe cabin » « a mattress upon which Who Captain hadshpt; there warf ft bloodstain np/.n It about wbirc a mon'a head would naturally <y me; It was about tho sizo of U*e top of a man's hat; <n the under side it had dark itahm, w though daubed with blood, but it dH not appear to have soaked through; th*ro \.MUObed-ciotbiogon board that witness notiood;from tho Mze o/the sloop (40 tun-), one man could eatljy manage a roofed soil, and probaoly could g«l tho sail up full by using the windlavs•FERSANDO Po, Jan. 29, 1860.Webav© had quite a break-tip with the sjaadron exerci?eof power by Conjrreeg over the Temtonee,unfortunate man refused to mention the names of anyCaptain Burr oboot a year ago, when I went to get it cleaned at J)r. Soufres.in tbe Bower? j l rpcak as to the number from mem- ory, and cannotnvear toil.Theodore Burdett WASexamined—I am an officer inthe Harbor Po'ice; I found tfce yawl-boat on Staten Island, be- twf en the light on the bloffand th« new Port Richmond; it was hauled up ODtho beach and made fast to a rock; got the oars and a roat from u German ostler tr>ere.Mr. Nildio#er wasexsiuv.ned.—My name is G e ^ eem tbfe^oast. Caot. Win. M. Armstrong, lately in from the t'me of Monroe down to the present day. Tbe entire Cabinet of John Qnioey Adams, Northernttmmvnd ef the San Jacinto, has been ordered and 8outhern men, gave it as their opinion that Con- feoa»e. Ueafc. CorornacKimg Jame* F . Armafcrong cre*s had that power. Could Mr. Douglas. Mr. Cueh-W or Mv Lord M»yor of Now-York, call th63e ro*uia oidejed to command tbo San Jacinto, Lieut, for company 1 In 1850, Henry CUy assorted this^u ig in command of tne doctrine and declared that no power short of that of Charles S. McDocoa^bcers went to Mccdling, a small town some ten Englishsteamer Swtoter. Lieut Wm. B. Fitzgerald,lately 1st Lieut of the" Sumter, h u been orderedt© the Supply. Lieut. Fairfax has been transferredfrom the Mystic to Urn flag-ship Constellation. 3dAssistant-Engineer Henry C. Victor will return tothe United States m the Supply, by order of a Court:Mart al. Lhnxt. Edward Donaldson goes homobearer of dispatches. He came here in the steamer Somter, from Loando, and -will take the mail steamer for England to-morrow. The steamer Mystic has just returned from St Helena, with theofficer* and crew of the hark Orion, an American ve««el lately captured by the English. They were tried by a Court of Admiralty, convicted, and de- livered to Lieut Leroy as Americans engaged in the flave traffic. They will be sent to the United States in the Supply, in charge of an officer, who vill deliver them to the authorities.The United States ship Constellation lately cap tured a vessel without papers, flags, or anything to tell from whence she came, or whither she was 'bound: Capt. Nicholson looked upon her as a sus- picious vessel, and accordingly sent her to the Uni- ted States in charge of Lieut. Robert M. McArrranand Midshipman Norman H. Farquhar.The United States steamer San Jacinto is in a very bad condition. Her shaft has cut into the main bearing of her stern so that she leaks very badly. She will go to Cadiz to try and get into a dry dock for repairs. If she cannot get a dock there, she will return to the States. The sloop Yir.eennes, Commander Totten, has received herorders to return home. The sloop Portsmouth is cruising off the Congo. The Marion, Commander Brent, is off" Benin. The Constellation and Mystic are at St. Paul de Loando. The new store house afcLoando is nearly complete. It will be a fine building, reflecting great credit upon the American•"Government As soon as the Supply can land h?r -•tores she will return to tke States—probably some •tune next month.A few -weeks since the officers of the steamer Sumter attended the funeral of Antonio Ortiz, •Captain of the Spanish land forces of this place. The coffin was covered with black cloth, oraa-in terms the very reverse of flattering. " I know," he The crowd outside now numbered fully 10,000 remarked once to Humboldt, " that you have a predi-other was still alive the day before yesterday. The names of the officera are not known, but it has fre- quently been stated that a near relative of Boron vonterday in the Senate, in a manner approaching in dignity almost to legislative enactment. Mr. Hale, in offering bis resolution in regard to the capture of the Mexican vessels, said it was a resolution of " inquiry," placing the accent uponthe first syllable, as is the habit of eorue Senators. Upon thw Mr. Sumner, who sits next to Mr. Hale, said, sufficiently loud for his friend to hear, " Pleaee say ' inquiry !' " emphasizing the sec- ond syllable, according to Webster. Mr. Hale, who was still upon bis feet, said, " Inquiry 1 mean. I ask pardon of the Senate for saying inquiry! "—Mr. Forsyth, of Tlce Mobile Register, has been appointed by tho Governor of Alabama, Commissioner under the act of the recent Legislature for tbe promo- tion of direct trade with Europe. The salary is $4,500.morning," and witness replied ; prisoner iben sabl " Do you think uny one will interfere wl h my boat, below the Kort? " and witnfis jeplied " No;" the prlsoxer h*d longer whi*kei«, aod were a Kossuth hat and monkey iooket; the hat v/as squeezed together, and the bog was full; [a coat producedj tbe coat was uorVethirig like that.ilichael Dunning—Direct examination— I live onPtaten Island, at Port Richmond ; saw tbe prisoner froiuRtsward the landing about 6o?clock on Wednecday morning; he bod a bag t»itb hint, and said something to me about his boat; he had on a kind of a blue coat.Cros»-exaained—He said something about his boat, but I didnot understand ex«ctly what; I think 1 recognize tho prisoner,and that I con identify the coat; it came down almost to hisCorn ," two ttohmes c*»ks, two coils of ropo for a man in Guiil foid, snd several casks Uoatieg in tbe hold ; witness did not no- tice any marks of blood on tbe dock of tho sloop; there w«ro some letters found on board directed to Capt. Loot©.The witness was crots-examined at considerable length, bn*- nothing new was elicited.J»m»s W. Woodruff, beir=g sworn, says—I amAssistant Superintend©): t of th©ho Xe.w-Jert«y JrUihood; I firstsaw tho defendant on Mond*y a"fternoon, about 4j o'clock, at tho depot; be came in on tbo tislnQlfrom iN>ecwark*, in euttody of Wial. son, Jscobus, Pauoford and another man; ho was tak«!D dirootrrfrom tbe cars to th© bnggosre room, and was then searched in mJ pre»eric© bj Clorb and u.y tell; we found a bag ma*© ot a stock ingontbejcft sirfo.also, on© on th© light ,idc, iastenodbvYLiberty and Union.Bctiatance to tyrant* is obedience to God..New-Bamp^hire had not backed square out; she hadWouU Connecticut follow on Monday ? Caleb Cash- ing hid said here lately that the Union itself was at stake n this election. The Republican party couldand w»uld support the Union alike. against foreii(n Joes and domestic traitors. [Loud applause.] Why was it Uiat the Democratic party wanted to destroy,the Urion T Was it because the Repub'icans intended to save 1,200,000 Bquare miles of American territory forihe use of American Free Labor? Was it becaoe* we .proposed to give to actual settlers tf.000 - 000 of ferns f Was it becauHe we proposed to pay off tbe publkdebt by means of a protective tariff? Was- it because we denouix-ed tillibusteriem and maintained the integrty of the Union ? In view of these threats of Dismciai, in view of the efforts made to carry Con- necticut bj pouring out money like wafer, the quee-, uon rose ak>ve .par y; it became a question of honor. L e t t h t m see to it that when the sua went down on .-Monday ne*t the flag of tbe Democracy should goproval.Resolved, Tb«t every man who styles .himself a Republican,and will vow to prove true to the cause and be governed by thnse resolutions, may enroll his name upon the lut and be considered a member.Cross-examined—Bis wile did not come down at the time I did.—Dr. Charles A. Frick, Professor of Materia Medica origing to Capt. Burr; it had a siring to it; 1 had the bag in tho Joel B. Smith—Direct examination—I live at Islip; Merseler was also conveyed there, and every aUsnubn-deck-band oa tho Staten Island ferry-boat; I RPW the defendanton W« dr,«*day morning on'he boat; he colled me to him, and8*>ed me to look at tome money he bad; ho palled out a bag,and »?>owed me two $10 gold piere», and two $5«; he siid hewas afraid they had cheated him; I (old bim it was good UnitedStale* mene; ; he also showed n-ec lot of United atates silvermoney; ,he bad » Kossuth hat on, rather dasty-looking, andwore pretty black, clone whiskers; this was tbe 7 o'clock boat; Ithink he bad on a blue sh'rt; I think I cou'd recognize tb« bag JJO 'fndont for three or four years: have known Copt Loot© and bad, but should not like to swear to it. [Here tbe shot-bag wasIt was midiai^ht before the excursion trains returned. mented with a white cross on the top; the cap and-} A*, that tinie'the Hartford Wide-Awakes distributed 10search for the bodies was unsuccessful, they picked upon Coney Island three caps, a hat, and a money bag, bodies had been Jyirg on the d»ck, and as it one had been•sword of the deceased were laid on the coffin, which was "borne to the grave by four soldiers. Next came the priests, burning incense, followed by the band.Then came the American officer*, and after them the Spanish soldiers, who fired the parting salutebarrels of crackem, and several hundred weight of dried beef upon the trains. Meantime} the Democrats, not to be outdone, had secured the services of Fernando Wood, whose notoriety had secured a large meeting in their " Camp;" after which a torch-light procession was formed, intended to rival that of the Wide-Awakes.happy to state that be never cheeted, speshully in the which tbey brought to thin city. The money-bag which drawn up from the cab'n; one must have lain in front ofoverthegrave.TakenaltogetheritwasnotunlikeButitwasofnouse.TheDemocraticprocession,thoagh a military funeral in the States. made up in great part of boys, occupied only 8i minutes The steamer Sumter is in this port at present in passing the point from which I saw it. It folio sved the Republicans with an interval of half a mile, and in many houses illuminated for the evening the lights were carefnDy extinguished before the Democrats came up. Gov. Buckingham was in town athissi iter's house, and the Wice-Awakes went a little out of their way to tee him. He bowed his acknowledgements as—The Providence Journal, spenking of the exhuma tlon of the remains of Roger Williams, says that it is known that the family burial-Iplace was in the field back of the house of the late Su livan Dorr, esq. The fact has been handed down that about the year 1740 his grave was encroached upon by a new grave pre- pared for one of his descendants; which seems to show that its exact locality was not marked then. There is no later account of it. One of the descendants of Mr.also the English steamer Falcon; the English steamer Spitfire is ia the offing.ing, and toolf, &.c, were strewn about; a great quantity of blood lay at the forward part of t'.e cabin, which looked as if it had bem rubbed down; a pail was fouud. which appeared to hive had bloody wBter in it, and the rope which was attached to it had blopd and hair on it: a broom with blood on it was also found; a coflee pot, found behind the stove, bad blood and hair on it; tbe hair was b'sck; the blood appeared to have been swobbed dowD with a broom; toward the front there was about a bueket of blood; there wore found tbroo holes, a bloody sugur which fitted them, and clippings of wood were lying close bv ; the walls and ceiling wore scattered with blood, and three gashes 6ppuiently done with a knife were visible iuThe health of the Island is good, but few ease3darkness came on before the police boats, which were sent to secure it, could come up with it.EXAMINA TION OF JOHNSON.At 10] o'c'ock yesterday morning, the hour appointedthe examination of Albert W . Hicks, alias WilliamJohnson, before United States Commissioner White, ontheie'was •324 50 in gold cf various denominations and tho bal- ance in silver, from three-cent pieces to half-dollars, tho total amount being $393 20.Jarvie L. Avres, Aid to the Chief, testified that hewas on doty when the prisoner was brought to the station-house; I took the two coets ofl of the prisoner ar.d committed him to the cell*; did not ask him any questions.Frederick A. Fowler lentiiied that he resides inWi'liarxsburgh. ond was well a:qualnted with Captain Lwotoand brother ever since they wero boys; they were'coniidorod men of very steady bubit* ; 1 wts on board tho Spray Ja*t Monday, »Dd noticed a tt:nn on the cover of a mattres?; it w*s my im- pression that it was a bloodstain; the spot was near on© end, and about the sire of the top of a hat.Mr. Jellifi'e here btated that they had sent a messen- ger to Brooklyn for Capt. Beunet and crew of the sJoop Gem; tbey would prove by these persons that tbey sailed in com oany with Capt. Leete. and continued in conpany with them as far as Nor walk harbor.The meeser.-ger soon returned, and stated that tho Gem had sailed about two hours previous.Mr. Stone engaged to have Capt. Bennett present oa Samuel JN. Downs—Direct examination.—I live at Friday next, ana the further examination was post-I). CONNECTICUT.-down in defeat and despair." [Load applause.] des Etals Unix, says: An American who is notLewis, esq., and T. J. O'Niel, esq.—Two of John Brown's daughters are attending Frank B. Sanborn's school at Concord, N. H.the crew-, but I know the prisoner was on board the vessel for 1 wis towed in, in exchange for epecie, and*asubpena BHWbim there Wednesdoy afternoon, while she was ljing 'at thefoot of Spring street; I never saw him before; wontdown to the 4 has hcen issued for that //entlemau. Al«b, for theTbeHon. THO«. COKWIX of Ohio was received with ...-applaud, ane three cheers. He said that he wys sure that he could uot make himself heard -to the extreme-• lies of the house, it was so large. Though the creed -«f the Republican party had been published and pro- tsnalgated as exteneJ-vely as any, still it was misunder-stood, or.:tt leatt mieinterpret^l.,. Jier^ it has been an- monneed t y Democratic apea^nfjhat the JKepubli'-an party inteoded, by some means, as yet unknown to any bodyr to march down into the fifteen Slave States.a** bring hack 4,000,fift0 of poor fchtcks into Connecti- . ««*. [Lasgfcter.J These Demoerats thought thatdivorced, but, on tlie contrary, has a charming wife —Mr. Pbalon—jesterday (the 8th) gave a musical soireedock ut 9 o'clock, at d the vespel was still hiug there- I told the watchman en the pier that the vessel had money on her, aud asked bisrto keep un eye on the lookout; the priconer wus therei *- t. • » .* •Ooorge WaahWton waa a man who knew ho«v to tiful ffctes of the Winter in Paris. Mr. and Mrs. Jrttjfte tobaoeo and was handy with a gun, but as tov eoMtitutoone' law, be had never read iJlackfctone. Pbalon did the honors of the evening with that courtesythe painful necessity of arresting Gen. August, Baro.uvon Ej natten, and of bringing him before a court-martial, it being stronply suspected that he had beenguilty of gross frauds while at the head of the military administration in 1S5*J. Soon after the proceedings hadbegun, Baron von Eynatten was obliged to admit factswhich left no doubt that he had culpably abused tb<ipowers intrueted to him. Although the authorities hadtaken all the usual precautions to prevent such an oc-cuirence, Baron von E natten, who W;H eviden'ly suf-fering under the pressure of a heavily -burdened con-science, found means to take his own life during thenight between the 7th and 8Ui met., and so to escapethe nurrlhbment which uwaited him. The deceased lefta written document, in which be, with the expressionof heartfelt repentance, repeated the confessions hehad made,' and iiKplored his injured Sovereign to par- of the vessel. don him."When Baron Eynatten was first taken to the mili-1858te 1^hey tbanjcod God that when he condemned Adam aad Eve to live by the eweat of their brow, he craatcd Cufl'ee and Dicali to sweat for them- He would like to talk with brother Cashinx; and brother Wood aboutwhich distinguishes the true American gentleman and true American lady."—The Paris correspondent of The Times writes that[A coat, hat, veet and pants were here produced, all of which the witness said he should " take to be the captain's clothes," 'as they were precisely similar to what he had worn.]their ancestor Japhet, and his brother Ham, from an unusual excitement attended an American marriage.w'hokt/i -they' said the ntgroee were descended. He at the Church of St. Roch, on account of the religious would liit to ask them if it was gentlemanly to treat scruples of the organist of the church. The eldesttheir Uncle Ham « chddren (as tney s*id}, their owneoueixs, as they were treated down South. A great daughter of Mr. Corbyn of Virginia was married in <let,l wa»-*aid abct.-.t the Fugitive Slave bilL Pharoah that church to the Marquis of Montmort (ihe secondenee tried one. with a grear many marshals daughter married the Viscount de Dampierre), and the and deputies; out God suddenly repealed it,and then the woaasn of Israel, with the Prophetess Corbyn family being Protestants, the organist, prob-Miriam at their he*d, sang the Hail Columbia of their ably at the instigation of the clergy of the church, re-d#hvexance. We w^re bound to let the muster alone fused to play. M. de Montmort then had recourse*toin bis SJavery in ib's Southern Statea. IJot when it M. Axnideo, a celebrated Italian organist composer, eazce to the Territories, there was a question for ua all.It was the belief of tbe Sonthern people that freedom and engaged him to play for the marriage. The other of speech could not be tolerated.ia the South. Free- artists of the church thereupon organized an opposi-dom of speech and of th^j preas wexe impossible there tion, and I have not learned how the ah air wa3 finallywithout aa immediate^ icsurrection- Witliout, regard,then, to the negro, asids from the danger of insurrec- adjusted. M. Amedio is himself on tits point of gettingI.neyer saw the piisoner before I met him a*, supper with Cupt. Burr. v'tion, he did jiot wish to plan* that institution in anymarried, and his marriage depends on the obtaining ofhis pocket. Trustees met and'organized a few evenings * Com. Vroom said he was •utiHfied that the gentleman selected Peter J. Shoarwood for President. JoboFos e w country, sileneing, as unnecessarily must, the free- a place as organist in one of tbe largo churches of thedom of discussion and of the prets. .The South coa d city. The opposition organized against him, it is feared,not separate from us; if they did, their institutionwould not last .six months. Was any man, or wom-ia, may ruin the procpects he had before him, and this actor child of Connecticot so olhxd as to believe that th of religious intolerance is calculated to produce muchthe night of tbe 7th the unfortunate man separatedfrom the back of the collar of his uniform those em-hcexummed-1 bought prisoner hud more whiskers then"; [ucotit producoa ;| thought that was the coat worn by the prisoner.was authorized to act, and accordingly gave permiaelou for ihe required consultation.er, jr., was rechostn Corporation Counsel.the Omnipotent God should ever make him vote to extend Slavery over Territory where it was not now. He honored and venerated the Constitution and the Unioa, but Liberty more. He concluded with a few words in regard to the Homestead bill. «wood they perceived some gens d'armes advancing to-ffm'axi* pass there on "Wednesday morning a week ago, about six there weie on board the slo^p three OT four barrels Of hard! o'clock ; be bad a big bog on his sbould*r; prisoner said •' Good bread, a bale of coiton m»r*ed 'J. M«nro© k. Son. Omiford.people, all Hartford being attracted by the largest torchlivht. procession which your reporter ever had the fcrtone to s^e.A special train f rom New-Britain of eight cars had brtufcht in 500 men at 8 o'clock, aad while Mr. Cor win was Fpeakinjr, thirteen crowded cars arrived from New-Haven and fourteen from Waterbary. Tney wero received by the Hartford Wide-A ^akes in mili- tary et>le. 1b«» prooetsion was then formed, and by the time the 4,000 or 5,000 people inside the camp had been dismissed with Mr..Corwin's parting injunction to vote for Freedom of Lands and Labor, a line of flame at least a mile in length Bkirted the Park. A large number, consequently, of those who intended tojoin the procession were loft behinc, and nearly 1,000 torches prepared for the occasion were unused.•As it was, how ever, the procession occupied twenty minutes in passing the point where I stood in Mam Etrf-et. In it were six bands and a drum corps. The transparencies, some of which I copy, indicate the spirit of the State.New-Britain Wide Awnie*. Say you will, boys! Wide Awakrs, Do yonr duty I Buc&mghuai and Catlizi.Han-fora and Wa:«rbary.Liberty & Union.A Republican Victory the only " impeding crinis !" tibsmocra's stand from under.Labor is its own Capitalist.The Glorlc-uii utrife ot liberty.Land for tbe Landle£».Slavery Sectional—freedom National.An Empire for Fieedom, bat not a Rod for Slavery. WB stand for inalienable righto.lection for the Poles, but the Poles are as unworthy of; •tNEW-YORRi*4* •{•(A comic picture of somebody riding a fast horse with the motto) M- Servis is the shortest, measuring but 5 feet 4 inches. GoiDK to stop Southern orders.oner also gmiiing. Mr. Nildiger was quite certain that wero here shown.] The menkry-jickot belonged to Elijah(A picture of a ba)J inncribed, "New-lT*rnp»hire 5,000 majority," wnih motto) Oh ! do atop th*t ball.be recognized in"the prisoner the man he had met on Statfh Island. The liveliest interest was manifested by all in the Couit room at this stage of proceedings, but the prisoner did not eeem much affected; on theLeete, and tfce *ack overcoat bel-m.eu to th© captain; I noticed u shirt with stains on 'be shoulder, wbich I suppjaud to b© ver- mfllioD. f Witness then described tbo freight foand at tho goarb of the scoonfr on iSlor.day.1 Capt. Loot© and brother aro narives of Ouiiford, 8hd were men of good habits; tWey have not been engaged in the oyster business for th© past yoaror two; the Cbinaniun was getting $8 -per month; have never known of bis having over 65 et any one time during tho past four yean; I hove trtftm an account-book [ta'nen from the accused by Caot.—The State of Indiana has recently lost by death Ail for freedom—Maine, New-fclatopohire, Vermont, Massachu- one of its citizens—Mr. James Bangs. W e ilnd^ansetts, lihode Inland, Connecticut. '•Terryville uVleKMitn of .Mechanics ntt for sale. • . obituary notice of him in a Hoosier paper:on Tuesday evening, returnedfrom an extended search contrary, be smiled several times as the witnesses wereGood for 100—We "Terry Villains. Free Hoa;*s for Fr.-^e Men. PlaiiwiJle Republicans.The Union—it must. and shall be preserved.•Give Us Buakingham and ihe Union is all right. •Buckingham and Victory.Spirit ot *"ti. On to Victory.The Invincible Mechanics. Repubacans', in hosts thoy cnxuo." Mistur Edatur: J<m, bBngs, we are sorry tn stait,has desized.. He departed this Life last mundy. Jemfor the bodies of the persons supposed to have beenidentifying him.George W ashburn—Directof fever are reported.THE CAMPAIGN IN Tram Ovx Own Reporter.HARTFOKO, Wednesday, March 2S, I860. You can have little idea of the intensity of the po- litical feeling which is ruling during this campaign in Connecticut. I think I never came within the sphereof »uch intense and all-pervading politice.La*t night was a glorious night for the Ke publican*!.They dedicated their Camp—an immense pile, built of rough, board?, and about as large as Beecher's new church is expected to be. It was brilliantly lighted with gas, and just above the platform the flame was taught to spell, " FKXE LABOR." Upon the walla, andas. front of the capacious galleries, were hung these which may be spilled, and at the same time adds very the North Burial Ground. Mr. Randall intends, withthey pasted.THEWIDE-A W AKES.organizationsThe Institution ofwill increase -the Republican vote next Monday bymany hunCreds. It was a happy inspiration, andpromisee to be of so great value, that for the benefit ofRepublicans elsewhere I subjoin some account of i;. recover any remains, to remove them to a more publicthe Wide-A wakeThe Wide-Awake is expected to do Repubbcan duty and secure deposit. Last Thursday the grave was during the campaign, to carry a torch in the night pro- opened. Two graves were found running into eachpulled out in the companion way, I could get at a secret drawer, to catch a glimpse of the accused. The prisoner was which I was infonnoi was there; it bad notliiiic in it but blank brought into Court, under the custody of Cap''.. Ryn- paper; the coffee pot hod tea leaves iu it, and looked as if tea hnd beer lately ruade; the blood was still fresh all over tbe ders, and given a seat beside hia counsel, where he re- vets©); the cuts in the ceiling wore mid way in tbe cabin; they looked as if tbey we Je done with a knife or sharp instrument, and were well defined; I took a thin linen shirt and coat up to the Station-House, which were found in the captain's berth: tbej were cut through six or seven tiroes with home sharp in- atrunont; there were also some pipers in the captain's berth;ce*8iont', and -to drill snllinently in his company to march creditably well.' Some ot" them carry a baton, slightly emallerthan that carried by our police; this is onlyneccessaTy where, as in Hartford, there is danger of attack from Democratic rowdies. Tne uniformother, and without doubt the one farthest west was that of Williams. But no distinguishable remains could be found. A number of nails, a small fragment of wood, undoubtedly of the coffin, and a mass of black earth was all that could be reclaimed. The contents ofmained apparently indifferent to his awful position, and to the fact that hundreds of curious eyes were turned upon him.consists of a cap and short cloak of glazed orenameled cloth, in addition to a torch. Tuiscloak protects ibe -clothing from any drops of oil the grave, such as they were, were taken to a tomb inCross-examination- Declined.much to the splendor of the procession. They marchedlaet night four abreast, and most of the companies weie •so well drilled as to change occasionally from closea pious care which does him honor, to remove all tberemains which may be disclosed by further seaich, andThe courtroom was crowded daring the whole day.Tho sloop bas not been freed from water jet. She is 8'UI at the Battery, in charge of the Coroner aa wreck master. Nothing further of a aospijious cha- racter has been found upon her.<2MXe»«bl«R>KhYn—Mfw, Liberty, and the Purani'. of Hnpplnese. order to an open order, in which th'jy were 10. or 15 give them burial in the public ground. On that dayIBigbt* of Man—Rl^btHof tbe St*tes—tti^hta of the Unioa. JCqualit T of all Citizens.Southern Gold shall uot eniila've u».Freedom national. Slavery sectional.No JL.JCtension of Slavery.feet apart. The beauty and importance of a torchlightprocession are very much increased by this regularityof form, the impression which it creates being that of anorderly, disciplineo, and effective force. No uniform bad run its roots through thegraveB, and by absorbing•About 8 o'clock Mr. ROWLAND SWIFT called the could be better suiwd to the purpose than this. It is somewhat of their contents had very likely hastened seeting to order, and invited the people to sit closer, cheap, and is both water-proof and oil-proof. The their decomposition.which they did, still leaving a large fringe standing Waterbury Wide-Awakes produced a unique appear-about the edge of the buildiDg. The immenss gallory ance by a white trimming around the edges of their.OKE PERSON KILLED.rm>nb>g around three sides of the baildiog was crowded cloake. J h e y have.glazed hats instead of caps. The—Remarkable discoveries have been made in the dwelling ef Mrs, Hannah Robbins, since her decease. A tin pail, filled with silver, was found under her bed, and a kettle, full of specie, was also discovered. Some of it was moldy and musty with age, evidently having been undisturbed for years. The amocmt of specie thus discovered is $1,600. In addition to this, athorough examination of the premises has brought to light a quantity of the old Continental money, laidwith ladies, and certainly, 8> far as personal appear- ance goes and your reporter is qualified to jad^je, the Bepubliean ladies cf Hartford may fairly vie with any. Noi only were all the ?euts in the galleries occupied, b»t a considerable number of ladies stood through a good part of tbe meeting.Mr. Prtscott of Mo. made a stirring speech, telling something about the late issues of partj in Missouri.Senator "WILSON was then introduced, fie was re- served with three cheers. He said it was well said, th« other day, by Mayor Wood, that, if the Repul>li- . «ai party triumphed, in Connecticut the banners of Democracy would droop in defeat and despair. Let them see to it, then, all who loved freedom for all, that the banners of the Blave Democracy go down in defeat and despair on Monday next. Two months ago, when the Democracy were threatening to pull dovm tbe Union if the Republican party should tri- . amp!}, Caleb Cashing wrote to Maine, advising that,if *K«w-Hampshire and Connect cut should not back squae oat of Republicanism, property in this country bad tetter be converted into money*for security. ButNew-Haven Wide-Awakes gave a peculiar cheer, done by counting from 1 to 9 rapidly, with a hurrah at the end. The Waterbury uniform cost at wholesale, as I was informed: hat, 50 cents; cloak, $1 25; torch, 75 cents. I gi?e the rules and regulations of the Hartford Wide-A wakes, adopted at their first meeting:Jietolvtd, That thia organization be called " The Republican W i d e •A.'wake*."Iictolved, That the Wid^-Awokes, being the vindicators of purely Republican principles, extend a cordial inf itation to all persons who arc wil'iing to indorse the sentiments of the great Republican and truly,national party to join their numbers..Kttolved, That all persons becoming members of this associa- tion shall pay into the treasury the »um of $>'£ 25, which num •hall entitle them to a cape, a cop, and the use of torch.Rciolced, That it shell be the duty of each member to appear ;h member tin each Republican torchlight procesaiou during the ensuing State and Presidential camp«i^iis.Retolved, That no boisterous or disorderly conduct, such as hoots, groans, and orofane language, or unnecessary demonstra- tions of Any kind, shail be allowed.Resolved, Tliat any member who refuses or neglects to obey the commands of the officers, or whose conduct is not in accord- ance with the above requirements, shall be liable to be expelled i'rom the association, and his name erased from tne list of mem- bers.Blcomfield, resulting in the death of an aged woman, and the injury of two others, one of them fatally.Revolved, That- ed«h member shall bear his «hare of the gen- eral «-3pennes of the ansocialion, it being fixed by order of the gone Kjuare in. [Three cheers for New-Hampfchire.J Captain—when any expense may have been incurred by his ap-carman on the corner of Morris and West streets; I wont up to the prisoner, last Wednesday, about I o'clock, and asked him if be wanted a cait: he said ye's, and told mo to go to No. 129 Cedar street, in the afternoon, and g»t a trunk, 4tc, for the Kail River boot,and if anybody a*ked me where I was going to take them, to say it was none of their business; I charged him 50 cents for doirg ii; took a small trunk and hat-box, carried them to tho boat, and he walked ; saw him'go on the boat.the wagon completely covered with flour, a sack of. which was torn to pieces.Tbe only external injury he received was a Blight cut over the right eye. The girl's skull was fractured, but she was able te walk to a neighboring house. Mrs.PERSONAL.• • •.death was superinduced by a putrid sore throat, whichhe is said to have become affected with through a pa- tiler* and b*«n cut through ; blood w*s also there, and blood ran tho whiikers cum© up higher on his chin than they do now.—During the mutiny on board the ship Norway, inwhich a laj;ge number of coolies were killed andwounded, a lady .passenger and her child died of fright.That lady.was the wife of Capt. Henry W. Johnson,and daughter of Capt. James Kellogg of Last Hart-ford, Conn. She was returning home in charge of aTxe Court adjourned till to-day, at il o'clock.The charterer of the sloop deposed that he pai4.jug of whisky, upright, -wbh the neck of the jugtaksa^dotes ari related. It seems he was firmly convincedthat Henry V. would soon be.restored to the throne ofFrance, and was in constant expectation of being in-vited to pay him a visit at Versailles. His late Minis-try are. characterized as a strange jumble of knaveryand imbecility. M. de Ravenr, the Minister of PublicInstruction, was, says Humboldt, the greatest fool ofthem all. The Prince Consort of England also—" tbe ward them. Both of them immediately drew pistols handsome husband of Queen Victoria"—is alluded to' from their pockets. One shot himself dea/d, but theyour regard as the Irish."this correspondence that the author of " Cosmos" was much more imbued with democratic ideas than is gen- erally supposed, and that he felt a sovereign contemptEynatten is missing. —A W ashingtonfor the courtly entourage portion of his lifein which he passed the greater— The Post says that a private letter from Rome, justreceived, gives the following glimpse:" Theodore Parker contents liimself pretty well,though the climate thus far falls short of what he ex- pected of it. I should say that he held his own, but. under the unfavorable weather, Jferdly more. With hiB attentive and devoted wife, and with the assiduous good offices of , the 's, the 's, and a host of oihers, he seems to have the comforts which can minister to his recovery. I meet him every few days out, sunning himself, with bis wife, or with -, and about once a week spend an eveoing in his room.^ His greatest difficulty Bsems.tobe with his voice, which is still weak and hoarse, and with his cough, which does no; yet quit him."—Among the Assemblymen at Albany, the weightiest is Mr. Lewis Peck of Ontario County, who weighs 240 pounds. Tbe lightest men are Messrs. A. Smith .of New-Y ork' City, and A. W . Palmer of Dutchess-no do.County, who weigh each 125 pounds. also the tallest, measuring G feet 2 inches.Mr. Peck is Mr. JamesThe ttan some react rise in torn realize pro,vantage of freely, and ably incrsa decline wa buoyant y brought su portion or t moat eangi Michigan is without vio Pacific; M*iJ 101 J, a fait was also fin tions. T;e cent uicre pree6ed,»w actiona, «oit bany tend to toll bill will!to increase t Company in favorable it' glected, but tirely fcr E 68, which i Weetern ahA ing Rock i*l ular. Defa'iequal to )6 quotatiooti w distributed, s 90, and M:ea market genei continned to•clcee of bu*ii 134J. TheV •cepticne. £ o tthe announce •Central waa^*ing soma uaj t h e ns>w Ctprobably dull bus tinVirginia Gx, Compacy,cilic Mail.74f®74$. Elroad, '.iSfvll EailroadPr 413?xMicb'.; Sonthern Mioliigan yot21J«22; Ps Jlailroad, 60i I « 6 H s Clevl Chicago and Central 7a. 9JIn Fcretgi The rates aiel acted for ih:a bills was N tt| i'rancs G.lSjFreights .< 50 tea. I k e : Tallow &fi and per stc! Louden, 10-) at 40s. ToHenrica, SCO. eeUlee. and oi T h e but>in<but two graves were opened, though three or four, ap-parently of children, wero uncovered.An apple treeCOLLISIONON THE RAILROAD.BLOOMFIELDdown in tobacco leaves. not counted.As this is of no value, it wasThe horse had just cleared the track when the cow- catcher 8tiuck the fore part of the wagon with each force as to throw the vehicle high into ihe air, shatter-,—The members of the Alpine Club, of New-England, are taking active meatures to secure the exploration of those districts of the Alps which are but little known.The Club includes many travelers of note, and the good results of the Organisation will be apparent to the public before many ytais.—Mae. Taglioni lately sent her portrait-to Mmo. Emma Livry, her pupil, with this inscription below: " Faites-moi oublier, et tie m'oublicz Pas.—TAGLI- ONI."crofsing in an insensible conoitionand apparently dfiad. Richard O'Oonner—Direct examination—I am a Mr. Mereeler was found lying among the wreck ofpalace, and one met there the most distinguished namesof the Chausee d'Antin, the Faubourg Honore, andthe Faubourg St. Germain. The first artistes of the Lient.-Gen. Baron Eynatten had .committed suicide, who identified it by the position of the string.]Theatre Italiec, La Penco, Moriui, Badiali, Zucchini, and our great violinist, Alard, were heard at this party, which will be counted aa one of the most beau-and the Wiener Zciiung thus confirms the report:" N o t long ago the military authorities were underthe owners of the fc. A. Johnson; the other owner was Cupt Burr; the curtain told mo that ho had hired a orew, and in the presence of Oliver Watts that be had hired the prisoner; he told me that he thbueht of leaving at 1 or 2 o'c'ock the next morning | 1 con identify some of the clothes found as beloniinc to tne captain. teEXAMINATION OF JACKALOO.The examination of the Chinaman Jackaloo, charged with the murder of Capt. Leete and brother of the sloop Spray, was commenced on Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock/before U. S. Commissioner Vroom, at the larg« ball in the upper part of the City Prison in Jersey City. Recorder Bedford also occupied a seat with the Com- missioner. The Court room was densely crowded with citizens anxious to get a look at the prisoner, and to witnees the'proceedings. Jackaloo was brought into Court by Chief-of-Folice Marinus, and appeared in hisprinciples of the Bepublican party were opposed to thancient princioles of Liberty 7 Toe great foundationof the Republican party—No extension of S l a v e r y -was agreed to with one consent by all parties in 1787, —In Humboldt's confidential letters to Von Euse, them. M. von Eynatten had previously tried to de- at the w r y time that the Constitution was under pro-excitement. One of the Misses Hutton of New-York (the blonde) is sooo to marry a French title.hen they w.^ru K«ttfng out the wear round their necks, and hanged himself with oysters, on. Wednesday, the 14th tnst.The o/hcers elected are«tj.lWTi-Jea.VBB of fojrmation; and although Congress was bonnd recently published, the public are treated to a series of stroy himself by forcing a breastpin into hia heart, butabahe deed from Georgia not to abolish Slavery in Al- piquant disclosures which will spread the utmost con-;piave-., yet (Congress felt at liberty to prohibit the fite.raation among tbe Courts of Europe. Hardly a-the attt mpts which he made failnd, probably becuuaethan at present, bo wore a similar comforter to tbut now wornhad efrade in XIabama. For seventy years, Congress •JK&ftdJh&.-peww onocentioned.he was a corpulent man. It is said that the body has by him, and had on a blue shirt and Kossuth hat.three minute wonndu in the left Hide of the chest, la Henry Seaman of Brooklyn testilled as follows—t your since; do not ihii>k tbo prisoner over had over $10until separated, the latter was very roughly handled. —It was rumored in Vienna on theiHh of March that[Here one of the bags was exhibited to the witness, Selah Howell, examined—I live at Islip; am one ofAltogether, it appears fromS»50 lOOCwtonJ 800N.-V.C* 609 do. 500 do. nty do.00 io. 109 4o. 250 do.Untitled DocumentTHURSDA Y ,von Eynatten expressed a hnpe that tbe manoer of bis he B)SOreco«wiz«d tbe watch by tho tomberj | kaew nothingof his accomplices.On the 3d inet., however, two offi-miles distant from this city, and their behavior was sovery strange that it was believed they intended to com-mit suicide. Afrer dinner on the 4th the ofliaers walkedof The pronunciation of the word " inquiry " was settled yes-correspondentTravtller says that the vexed question as to the proper> a"*-,—TheAlbion calls Napoleon III. and Count Morny "those Corsican brothers of the Bourse."THE MURDERS OF THE SLOOP E. A. JOHNSON.EXAMINA TION OF THE PRISONER. Officers Whitney and Mclntyre of the Harbor Police,Londoncorresp< ndentthe mast and on© amidships; 1 saw bloody fing^r-rrarks on was picked up boie on one s'de t^e mark, " Mechanic*' the >ail, ond a cut. as if made by some sharp instrument; there was much blood and hair forward of the most; him to put sand in his ehugar, tho he had a big sand and Farmers' Bank, Albany; $1000 gold." On the re- the bair was light colored; there was no weupon in thewato of mackrel, which woe; nise and smelt sweet and his survivin wife is the same wa. We never ne°vtbe obio River run past his dore. mains !"Piece to his re-th© mast and the hatch there was also a great quautlty of month; ho said the name ot toe sloop was tbe Spray, Capt. Loot© $4,000." Tbe bag and caps were picked up by Francis blood ;it looked an if a body had been lying there, and tht bliod and brother; Topt Leete wa* a good man; ho said tho captain AntcniandEdwardRoachnearthespotwheretheybadrandowntowardeachfideofthevessel;aftthere wasshakenofl'fromthemsiasheet,andhisbrotherwaskno<k©d were marks of blood.'where a person bad bf.cn drawn al^ng off'of the bowsprit; the vessel capsix^d ; bo, the atcosed, was in. found the tarpaulin hat and cap. The body of a man from the cat in; on the roil theie was blood enough rubbed the forecastle; at other times be snid be was on tho doek; tho to sbow.that a body bad there been thrown over; f visited priconer said he got in tbe small boat and was picked up; th© was eeen floating through Buttermilk Channel, but th© cabin ; it was in a very deratged state, bed and other cloth- money was in a stocking, a lin««-j-wol-ey bag, and a canvas bag;Williams, Mr. Shadrach Randall of North Providence, has recently tried to determine the spot, and if he couldthe charge cf murder and robbery on the high seas, acrowd of people thronged the upper Court room, eager the ceiling; when the st-ors were pulled down and the sailAt II-4 o'clock the Court was opened.Attorney told the prisoner to rise, and asked him histhere was blood rear tbe cut on the rail.MARCHdeath might not be made public, aa he wished hia wife about the defendantCro»e-fX«miDeo*—Know tho Watch by the way the guard isto think he bad died of apoplexy. It ia said that the tied on, and by tbe cl*»p; also by tb« number wbieh 1 took fromout toward a plaoe called the Briihl, and when in a flildingor; Treside at Fort Richmond, S. 1.; saw a. man like de- no other person w<is e>iploy< U onboard b*sido tbo dofondaot-of TheLiverpool25. 3t0 10 150 Mdo. do.. do. do . do.Bostonwas generally considered d gud feller. He dide at the murdered on the sloops E. A. Johnson and Spray. Policeman; I went this forenoon to look at some tackle which Webb] that 1recognize as Capt. Loete's; saw ttin Capt. W©bb'«age of 23 years old. He went 4th without airy strug- Their cruise commenced at lied Hook and extended to was left in cafe of Capt. Weed; on inspecting the E A. Johuscn, pot-session on Saturday 'ost.gle; and such is Life. •Tu Da we are as pepper grass the south side of Coney Island, the officers making a I found it supplied tbe place and fitted exactly where certain On tbo cross-examination, nothing new «r important was.tackle had evidently beer torn away by tbe collision. elicited, further than that witness said: If I bad so«n tho C»pt. Weed depceert—I first paw the Johnson on matness without the knowledge of a murder having been com-mitted, I tbould have thought the stain was caused Dj blood; l CUD swear positively as to the identity of tho coats.Diiect ci08«-cxamiration resumed—Tha sloop was 42 tuns; she could be managed by one man; have seen this Ckin«nan get tte coil up taut..Jacob Z. Marinus, Chief of Police, testified—I wasaf- tbe stslim-house soon alter tho defendant can© in; ho had thosame elotb*-son that ho has now; he did not have either of the bar in front of his house; nur water in hia Lickers, tho verfe side was stamped, " Mercantile Bank, New-York, vicinity; th© blood had rnn aft a good deal; between coatson: he said the money was four years'wages at $12 a—mity smart—to Mower we are gut down like a cow-cumber of the grownd. Jem kept a nice store, which minute inspection of the whole coast. Although theirhis wife now wates on. Hisvurchews woa numerous.Menny is things we hot at his growcerey. and we areWedDeidoy at tbe blip, where she was towed u» by the Ceres;The District-knee. . _Augustus McAffrey, direct examination—I am a t a m d rope ; one bsg contained gold, and the other silver fn in*the deck was besmeared with blood; it looked as if two bleedingIname. The prisoner replied, " My name is William No. 161 Cborlee street, and am master of tbo brig Ceres; I fell in poned until Friday, at 10 o'clock.Johnson—my right name is Albert E. Hicks." District-Attorney—Have you anything to say in re-gard to this charge 1Prisoner—No, Sir.The prisoner then sat down. He appeared flushed,and.his brows were closely knitted.Assistant District,Attorney Dwight presented theaffidavits in tbe matter to the Court, and read the stat- ute that defines robbery in bays, seas, or riversj as piracy. He moved that a warrant be issued and the prisoner taken into custody. As the charge of mardar coold rot be proved without the finding of the body, the District-Attorney deemed it best to issue a warraut on charge of piracy, especially as the death penalty waB enacted for this, the same as for murder.The statement of the facts of the charge was deened eo well known that the Distric*.-Attorney dispensed with reading it, and proceeded to call the witnesses.Capt. Bcnj. M. Nickerson—Direct examination—IWlong lo South I/yr,u, Ma«p.; am master of oloop Jao. It. WmhW; heard iber-> was such a vecsel as the E. A. Johnion; got under way on the e-"eTiing of tbe 20th, off ataton Island; about a mile ond a half from ine light waa run into by an un- kiiowh vesFel; could not tell whether she was a sloop; sbe ran into my vessel and cm her new the water's edge; it was done either tbr.iugh lright or gr^ss carelessness; saw only one man on board ; a portion of tbe risking was left on my vessel, wh<ch 1 halloed, to Police Captain Weed; there .was no hail from the stranpe vopst-l, but witness hailed when about 1.000 yards off; tbi« occurred about 2i. m on the 22d inat. No cross-examina- tion.Capt. Daniel Simmons—Direct examination.—I liveat Key port, and knew Capt. Burr of the E. A. Johnson; I char- tered tliat vessel; she wus going from New-York to Virgiuia for oN-sters; crew confuted ot four, all tcld, viz: the captain, the person who shipped as mate, aad two boys named Watts; she cknred from 1ero last Thursday week ; I gave Caot. Buir $200, in specie—halves, q>>art«ro, xen cent pieces, and about $35 in gold; paid him.his charter-money in paper; he said he oould do nothing with it. so 1 gave him two $10 gold piece*, two $ 5 goij fiieces, und 1 think one $ 2 60 piece; the sil 'er was in a bag be-with the E. A. Johnson on Wednesday morning, at about six o'clock : i-be w«s between tbe Romer Shoals and th© East Bank ; b«-r bowsprit and jib-boom were both carried \away and hanging over her port bow ;her mainsail, jib, and flyiDg-itb were alo h«nt> ing over, as ulso the Btay-chuins and bowsprit shrouds; it looked oil if all her sails had been let run ; the was boarded by the crewof the fishing tcbooner Telegraph about half a minute before wo did; one of our crew, J\bii Mch>Dzie, ard one of the schooner's crew, went down into tbe cabin before Captain Weed; tbey only staid theie three minute*, just long enough to see that there was no one there dead, asleep, or olive; in towing her up her decks were very much washed for© and aft, at leaat as far su the cabni- houee.Cross Examination—Bcr port anchor huDg to tho hawser pipe and ber starboard anchor to tbe rail.. Detective George W. Niven—Direct examination— On Tuesday night about (>£ o'clock, an accident oc I arrested the prisoner at Providence last Saturday; 1 had no curred on the Bloomfield Railroad, about a mile from wariant; brought h"m to New-York; 1 arrived hero about1 o'clock, a m.; took him from h<s bed, mad« him dress and pointout bis luggage, which I took with bim to the watch-house;1 searched him and found the watch here in Court, and $ 121,principally in $5s and- $10s of the Farmers' and Citizens' Baukof Long Island ; I found also on him two bags, oho a knife, pipe;and other little snides, fWitness identified both bogs.] Untho cars he (aid he got the waixh from his brother; be sailhis brother got it in England, 'twas a good time-keeperond be had paio 'his brother $30 for it; never sav the coatnow in Court before; I did not eaamire thebaggtge, but tied itup and forwarded it to Capt. W e e d ; at the time of prisoner's ar-rest I told bim at fust it was f->rpausing counterfeit money; hedenied all knowledge of Capt. Burr or the E. A. Johnson; hetoln ine his rome w«s Hicks.Cross examined—Be come back voluntarily after hearing the charge made agsinst bim.Capt. W e e d recalled—In opening the prisoner's bag- ing it into fragments and landing it some 20 feet off." gage at tbe Sia'ion-Hcuse, I found clothing, both male and fe-male; amcDg the rest I found he clothes identified hero to-day, Mrs. Mereeler was found lying some 40 feet frem th# as also a package 1which he lifted] not yet identified.safe for two or three Cays; I saw that bag at the Second Ward I knew Capt Burr; I saw the prisoner on board tho E. A.and Therapeutics in the University of Maryland, died Mation-House with Cupt. Weed; I saw the E. A. Johnson as Johnson on Tuesday ; also on Wednesday, about 10 minutes be-fuddenly in Ballimore last Saturday evening. Wm the foot ot Pulton Market'; her" bow was gone ; her bowsprit and fore tho sloop soiled ; he was washing the deck; th© captain toldcutwater, and her mast hung overboard; there was blood on the deck; it ran down against tbe hatchway, toward the scupper; there was a cut on the >ail, &* though a man's hand had ciungwas paid to her that the circumstances would afford. She had no external injuries—but she expired at 10 o'clock the same night. Tbe contents of the vehicle, consisting of Hour, potatoes, and groceries, wer^scat- teied in every direction. Solitary and alone'stood atient of'his, upon whom he had a short time ago per- formed a difficult operation for a similar disease.—At a meeting of the magiatrates and reeves of theunited counties of York and Peel, Toronto, C. W., thodown lioui the forecastle hatchway a» fax ns the mast; there wasa good deal of blood both alt and aoiid«hips—a trail from the«.bin tovvaid thjj wai-t, &*if -cbody had been dragged along; thecabin was flooded with blood, as much if a bullock had been Capt Burr $200 in silver and gold. Nivens, the De- off very smoothly. The liquor was applied outwardly killed ; two holes were bored in the cabin floor, as if to let it run$199,167 -\: 424-68; BahTbe businel $30,141,262; The supply aj large ainot::it3| meana upcr.quoted. I>ea and ihe d*n:si forlccg datesi capitahfits hithere ia ftito <x| tnent iu the cby to B<>«jt«-';il extent of cei it balance* ben J-{r| V cent wjTre foliowi Panama Koad^13001*59thr..ugb; we found the auger, stained withblo<d; tbere we e cuts ond indentations in th*.-sides of the cabin, also stained with b'ood ; tho stairs and companion-way looked as if a bleeding bodytective, fcund $121 in bills on'y upon the prisoner, and those of the issue of the Farmers' and Citizens' Bankto the wounds of the injured persons.Lastly, there stood tie venerable old horse whhafollowing gentlemen were appointed a Committee todraft an address .and present the same to his Royal bad be* n dagged up them; don^t know where the captain keu<, of Brooklyn. This discrepancy has since been recon- pool of blood under him from unsightly woxnda on hitfChinese nurse, and in company with her infant and Highness tbe Prince of Wales, on hie vioit to British tre enptain stopped at Keyport; I saw Jiira there Thursday ciled by the discovery of tbe fact that a broker named night; think he left on Friday ; no h*d business there witn Capt. E. S. James of No. 116 South Htreet, gave the prisoner ao'der child. America: The Warden of the counties (David Reeser, Burnes.—Mr. Gaillardet, in his last letter to the Courrkr esq.), Col. Thomson, Col. Denison, Col. Bridgford, Rico Cross examined—I was not personally acquainted wi*h any of number of bills on that bank on the morning the vesselof the most brilliant character, in his sumptuous hotel —Mesers. Clay and Clingman are said to have been ut the time; 1 paid Capt. Burr the monfy in too afternoon, both coflee on the e«nie morning. It is supposed tbat hein Unrqernity street. He had turned it into a fairy tbe parlies in collision in the United States .Vmate, and in bills tnd gold; ut Key port Capt. Bamos paid him $100 more, mast have passed tho sloop in Fulton slip on that morn- mostly In tilv< r; I did not know thatany.one on board belongeding, during the excitement, and got the money changed.his money ; theie was a secret drawer somewhere in tbe ctbin;head and tegs. After the passengers bad attended to tho unfortunates, as fur as b y in their power, the carl proceeded to Bloomfleld, and medical aid wa«8uffl~ mooed.Tne engineer states ehat be did nov, see the wagon until he was almost at the crossing, and before he cookl give the signal to hruke up, the collision had oec«rr*iAt the point where the wagon was merging on totb*track, there is a cut on tbe wagon-road of some three of0 four feet in depth, and a feEce on the embanka* **Mr. Mcrneler either did not observe tbe cars approach- ing, or else he supposed he would have guflicieattuoo to crots before tbey came up.WESTCHESTER CO. ELECTION.—The town ekottoaat New Rocholle on Tuesday, resulted ia » «wip*-to the crew exceptfroiu Cupt. Burt's own statementTo the ComnoisBioner-Had no doubt but the prisoner was tho mun whom he saw in the vawj bout.Tho firtf-.t wi'neee called was Mr. S. E. Stone, manu-oyster bukirioBs at I'crt Richmond. 8. I. ho \i>cw the kloop tiprny of Guilford. Conn., owuod by Jonathan Farmsare about as thick as a finger—which Polish Lancors on board the K. A. Johnson whe . saw the tho dofendaut aiid Elijah Leuto, and supposed she is registered at Now-llaven; annual Election for Town Officer* ia Westbroidered cords {fangsckm'lre)—in this country, they James II. Baker exunnriod—I am engaged m the facturer of carriage-work ut Guilford, Conn. He testilied that TOWN ; ELECTION IN WEST FAUMS, N. Y.- *sho was usually employed between Guilford und New-York, i:iton marketing business: Copt. Jonathan Loot© was about 8K took place on Tuotday lattyi Bis «f ago, und his brother about 2D, both sluglo men, hud re- as follow*:sioed nt Guilford, where they were bom; they woro remarkably Charles Bathgate (Rep.), Supervisor; Henry Soon*** tempera'© into; be bud known the prisoner about four years, Clerk; John Benlen (Hep.), Juiitieo of th© 1'cAOe.t * ' duiiug which, nearly if not u it tbe tiaie, ho had been in tlie em-ploy of Capt L«-ete; knew of tho aocuied, who was always oallo.d"Johnny," huving stolen some money from tho c-tptaiu about aaing> crowned head is spared, beginning with Fred-erick William IV., and endri'# with the Emperor of the document mentioned in the IVie/wr Z<Hung Baron yawl-bout; bad soon it HI IU« Harge-otlico ou tu© da> after th© cook, at $U per mouth; thinks Cupt. Leete left Guil-iJo'op wa«i U>\v«d into poit; suw the Captain's wutch ou th© ford tho last time about two week* ago lost Saturday,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069knew dipt. Burr for fourteen yeejrs; know th«- sloop and bar at one tiiue In tbo four years: be was employed us ame he bad engaged bim to go on tho voj age.Cross-examined—1 bad no conversation with tho prisoner;noticed bis eyes and whiskers, so that I should know him again;k€eerofa Fhouse where the pnuonneerr tgfott a cup ofTHESLOOPSPRAYMURDERS.Oros*-.>xami>M)d—I recogmze no private marks on the clothesexhibited; K wus a'lout sunset on Wednesday evening that I usual pleasant mood, exceat at one time, when ho tis, Joseph Brunduge, Constable"; John B. Boulle, PJELAtook tea with the Taptain and the prisoner on board the, vessel. Weights or,d A'eacnres; Jo*u Fowler, jr., Bocjamui j * »* {> 'J be cook, feniuh Watts, was in the cabin ut the time, arid Oliver showed some signs ©f anxiety. Messrs. Wm.-Voor- Inspectors of Eltctlon; Jabez G. F. bhorwood, I*a»cU- u«TM*Watts was on deck. The Captain said, after supper, that he had hies and CharleB II. Winfield appeared as counsel for hill, Poand Masters. , JL« engaged to pay the prisoner $19.per month. He did not intro-duce him to me. Tbe Cuptain and inyaolf each owned one halfthe prisoner.At the opening, Mr. Wm. II. Jelliffe stated to the following sums were voted for public improvou**1 •uuu euNu-cu iioBi Miero.oi; x uosuay.at sunset, an hour before hightary prison he was Kubjceted to ibe customary exami- water wind N. W. or W .N. XV. ; knew none of tho crew ex- wit) esses bad bet juet arrived, ho asked for a fow mo- $500 for MoAdamiz ug North street (Wniwpk""nation, and everything-with which it appeared likelythat he could do injury to himself was taken from him.He was not, however, made to lay aside his unifona,cept Capt. fieo. Kurr; saw the defendant and one of the Watts boys on shore; the mate (defendant) was coming ashora with tho yawl-boat to toko Watts off, who had bwnto Brooklyn :thev went oil together tuid hove up the anchor immediatelyments* orivate conversation with them.Mr. V oovhees dtsired to know if Mr. Jelliffe had anauthority to act on behalf of tho Government, and if so, he wit-bed the authority to he produced.road) from the depot to Wingah avenu*v. We vA• tand that tlie Gas Company, organized last Fall un1 1 the General Act, are actively engaged in P * ^ ^ ^Crofs-Examintd-Tho E. A. Johoson was lying abott* 100 Bwhoie; ho sculled the yawlin, tho wind boicg veryiroab, andond proju-ietor of the regiment of Uhlans which bear« they nuiuly eomo together; witneaa remarked, ' N o w YOU intend the name of the preeeht Emperor of Russia. During to give it her, I suppose, " and dofendaut reph«d " Yin Sir "which was that of an officer of Luncers, he being, sec- yards from shor Wit)i«sa spoke to him us he wa* comingMr. Jelliffe replied that he had express authority in hurply the tow n with £a*. The new Board of V i U ^ sU0CCourt that on beliaif of the Government, in the ab-$2,000 to complete the public dock at Echo BayWjexamination—Iam asent e of Mr. Cannon, he had been requested to attend roid leading thereto; $1,100 for repairing roads, » to the preliminarv examination. As several of theamounting to $39* SO; he had oa a stout, o*»k-brow* overcoifc a new cloth cap, red stirt; ho setroed to ho.itato to lot m«in' ammo bim; 1asked htm where ho had boon; ho said Chad been findi-1 nuts; I ovkoa him wh#ro his boat was andhor©. plied that b© had no boat, be told cigars in Now-York- did not nsk bim where he got the money; w© then took M« toth« Recorder's office.Benb*n h. Fowler, testified—I have known de- brotler since they were boys; they were owners of th© sloop24,C00 U.S. LOCO do 6 > » M £ * A « 25 Bank of13«.H."T. C<It appears that an old man named William Sfereeler, his wife, and eervant girl, named Letty Cune, were* returning home from marketing, and attempted tocroe* the railroad track in front of the can at a croeB-roadT near Whisky Lane.At the town meeting held prior to the elet*»»>»William Corta, Dock Master.T!l1 co. »Eri» JU400255« K0 •do. do . do3fO Mich. S. 10fl d o . IT Pacific M.So^ www.fultonhistory.com 