 6NEW YORK HERALD.neighbors in liberality. Should the amount grounds at a small charge, and erect kiosks (or In their sotte, ought to be regarded as a be raised, Dr. Hayes proposes to start for lefteahmonli at different points thxougbout the significant protost again* the intruaioa ofSmith's Sound about the 15th of lane.J A 1 K ¥ O O B D O I I I I I B T T , many weeks. The features were very much de- composed and tie body swollen. There were apPark, as they contemplate doing, there win helittle wanting to make it a most delightful pray at all, it should he for delivery public resort except what time, and time only, frees the tender mercies of "*HiMtriss andaldermen.ernes' *. w. OORITEE or MASSAC AJTO FCUOM STS.pesianoes as of wounds having been inflicted, whichtendedstill more to confirm the belief that it was that of the murdered man. The body wasBxdttlaa.The newi from Italy, brought by the Persia,cmn accomplish. The OommlsMosaws intend totake the control of the cabs, the refreshmentlaloont and the boats entirely into their ownhands, and keep them strictly subject to cer- day. Greeley, from whoso subscription list tain regulations, and we believe they antici- the friends of Mr. Seward are fast disappear- pate that the sums received for licenses will ing, as may be seen by their letters In the7W- nearly defray the current annual expenses of bvne. Is very anxious to turn sway the odiumthe open proosodings of the Chicago Convoa- tion, nor in the caucus arrangements by which these proceedings were regulated. That Oreo-rtiV ÇAÇÇÇ<*Çr. /*Ç¥È*' *È¥ÈÈ ¥ * rÇÇÈÇ* ¥JÇ4*T^Ç*È removed to the dead house yesterday afternoon. Last evening Burgeon Ball, accompanied byTH* WUKLT BKRAID tmrj, SntwrJafnjc rvattMT Captain Wilson, a brother-in-law of Capt Burr, sistance from the sentiment of national life,real Britaim, and a lady, a sister-in-taw of the deceased, visited and it is plain that the wntest which the dead house and viewed the body. A critical fatomarkthenextoosalngera of our histori- examination was made by the relatives, and both cal dVvelotjeawsnt Is one between that scnti expressed themselves as positive that It was not ment and the spirit of deatructivW innovation. the remains of Captain Burr. Still, they could not,^orrjrfflnTÇ5ii*Ç/ ojrDWrc*, Ç**¥*È*Ç *ff¡^fthe Park, which then will very probably do. Theenergy of the Commimloners in pushing on all from himself sad fasten it on the NEW YORK these improvements Is highly commendable; HKRALO. Now, neither the editor of the HERALD andiftheycontinuetoaddonecharmtoan- noranyofitsrepresentativestookanypartiaMMTMKI ftvm mfawttTUr q/ (V M T M , l,b*nUypaid/or- asT*0*SFoal o rillKUUU! 1MB!ACMM<VSÈ*o Tun accountforthenamemarkedontheclothing,and,The political party that In the present Presi.dentialcontestplacesitselfinharmonywith Genoaatmidnightonthe5thinst. Theyweretherefore, after making further inquiry, Çill re- /TO NOTJCWtaJbf*of aMMfmom corrmfarndtnc*, Wtdemm sume the examination to-day. The body ia about five feet Beven inches in height, stoutly built, darktransported from various points along a range of four or five miles of coast to three steamers which lay waiting for them at some distance inW a i l¥ ¥ . 1 4 4brown hair, gray whiskers, jointa of great toe on this generation, just as Jeffersonian republi- the offing. The expedition is said to have¥KOIeach foot large, spots on one cheek that look like pock marks. Owing to the want of light last even- ing, it wss impossible to tell whether the apparent injuries were the result of violence before death or were post mortem. That fact will be determined tun morning.As the ship W. F. Btorer, Capt Trash:, for Liver- pool", wss about getting under weigh from the North river yesterday afternoon, a mutiny occurred among the seamen, which resulted in the death of the steward and serious injury of three sailors. The sailors* names are James Dillon, Robert Craig and William Smith. The second and third mates and several seamen, remaining on board, are also badly injured. The harbor police were promptly on hand and brought ashore the ringleaders and some of the wounded.canism and Jacksonian democracy, respectively, been abundantly supplied with arms, ammuni- secured it during the past sixty years. The tion and moneyÑGaribaldi having exchangedThe Japanese in a Ballglons Polat of ley and his friend Blair wore active there View. against Seward, he not only È*Tirittftfl in theAccording to all accounts, the pious people first flush of victory, but glorias to his i In this city sad elsewhere have bee o me so pco- ment through whole columns of thei THISm n u > Ç OARDsW, BtÇ*d È i y . - l È g f i m ranroa*-B*atX-w*ai^SuÈi" Ç¥ Ç ¥ rm*iwÈ-unÈÇ OoaweiEIBLO'S AL0OÈT Broadway.OUSTCKKiru IIISYTIUIH--JAC*in Ha Or PlALB'S Oeiat-Whether the HERALD or Greeley has breaking off our commercial relations with decide. Meantime, the editorial correspon-mu.P4IÇTUMorrawOovi or LBATBÑUÈy ¥** noassn OFTHMfiwrra STnmvrAHDrouÇraA vane 1 -C*wroMiÇ BsasoaaiaThe Police Commissioners met yesterday and appointed John A. Kennedy General Superintendent,and Captains Dowling and Duks Inspectors. Seve- people, giving a larger electoral vote respec- successfully maintaining its positions. Theguests.The simple truth about the whole matter is,dence of the Albany Evening Journal, Mr posted on the subject, describes what the writersaw and heard at Chicago. In reference to theportantThe insurrection in Sicily and the movements ofGaribaldi engrossed the public attention. The 1st.A MUCH NEEDED REFORM IN CONGRESSÑBUN-s hardening tendency la prices. The sales embraced which we have so long advocated has been at Medici, was to leave Genoa, a few days afterthe Mother Church was predominant in Eu- whose dielike of the man was infinitely in ad- rope, when monarchs trembled before the vance of their love of his principles;" that " theBTCÈUEO.. Ñ..this rising sentiment of national life will be the one that will ¥ecure pi^ominance duringother in a like spirit, wo shall hive the moat magnificent park ia the world in a few years.thoughtfromtit*tettera,"C.Burr,"markedonthe inside of the vest, that it was the body ofof the sloop. It had evidently beenÈin theof our pr sperityand progress, cannot swa*longer ext t, Is becoming faadUar to everymind; sect onal interests take precedence overnational on- s; the churches are divided, thepublic societies are sundered, and poUttcsl Important parties are rent, all with a s^os^apblcal lineafawworms of the day. If thee*t accountsfromSicily represent the Insurrectionstill continuing. The headquarters of the insur- have reached about 4,806,000 bales, against 3,fi98,0C0 InHenceforth only those speeches actually de-tanism ruled with absolute sway, a religious nity ia less a defeat of William H. Seward thanmission waa sent from Europe to Japan. The a triumph of his personal enemies," and that it missionaries, it seems, were well received, and was a violation of "good faith and commonmade so much progress with the governing honesty." The writer winds up with the signi-gent* were at Ceralu, fifteen leagues from Palermo. 1859, and 2,802,000 in 1858. The exports have reached 3,410,000 bales, against 2,474,000 in 1369, and 2,081,000 Nothing low! been received as ti the landing of the in 1858. The stock on hand Smbraces 446,000 bales, Garibaldi expedition. against 431,000 in 18*9, and 650,000 bales In 1868. Theclasses that a sort of semi-official embassy wasdespatched to the Pope. That was the first responsibility of the campaign/7NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, MAY 24, 1860.-TKIPLB SHBCT.ral Captains were appointed, and the usual report tively to the Union and the black republicanheadquarters of the insurgents were at Cefalu,In Congress yesterday the Senate concurred inthe House amendments to the bOl providing for anIncrease of the pay of naval officers, aai the bill results If the several cliques do not return to Congress have at length been opened on this furnished by a united and powerful Italy; nor now simply requires the President's assent to be- the rule of reason.come a law. A committee of conference was ap-pointed on the amendments to the Military Acade-tually dead in the East, can it be proved to us yet dead with him. In yesterday's Tribune that Christianity has fared any better in the appeared the following attack on the SenatorWest? The establishment of the Church upon from New York;ÑKansas is the special order for to morrow In the Ia firm foundation dates from the Council of saS Mr. Seward's absence on this and other Important Nice, fifteen centuries ago. From the fourth questions a moch regretted, when every rote a sanrawary. If tt is to be protracted, some arrangement should be made for pairing off. when his support will not be al- together lest. All the leading measures ia which be teakmy bill. The point in dispute between the houseswhose policy are merely the glory of France and reparation for the wrongs done his family. The aid afforded by Sardinia to the Sicilian insurrection will precipitate the execution of certain plana which, it is said, Louis Napoleon, in concert with Kossuth, had resolved on carrying out It has been cy of Senator Douglas' views, his personal will take good care to report all that really agreed to propose to Austria that in the adherents axe making extraordinary efforts occursÑall that is of the slightest importance cvdnt of her granting to Hungary a consti- to get up popular demonstrations in his or interestÑand omit all fabricated speeches, tutional government and the restoration of favor. Partial and necessarily limited as and all the wearisome trash that no man but a her national individuality under the viceroy-to the fourteenth century the priest was su-preme in Europe. It was the gown and the particular mtereÇÑKansas, the tariff, the PactSc road,ing the recess of Congress were considered, but no vote wss taken on them.The House yesterday passed the bill making ap- propriations for the expenses of the legislative, executive and judicial branches of the government The appropriations amount to afoul $5,700,000.The House refused to pass tSe appropriation for the Auxiliary Guard, and so the capital will be minus a police force unless the local authorities or gauize one. The Senate bill providing for a line of telegraph from the Atlantic to the Pacific was discussed. A motion to by the bill on the table waa defeated by a vote of eighty to ninety-one. The bill making appropriations for certain civil expenses, and for the coast survey and lighthouse establishment, was discussed in Committee of the Whole, and reported to the House.At [the meeting of the Emigrant Commission- ers yesterday, Dr. Simrock, Assistant Physician of Ward's Island, presented his resignation, which was accepted. Dr. Gnnn sent in a communication ask.ing to have a small steamer placed at his disposal for visiting the floating hospital and infected ves- sels, which waa referred to the President and Coun- sel of the Board. The National Sanitary Commit. tee sent an invitation to the Board to attend the meeting of the Sanitary Convention to be held at Boston this summer. It waa placed on file. Fromthe weekly statement it appears thai 2,738 emi.grants arrived here during the past week, whichmakes the number since December 31, 30,3*o. Thecommutation balance yesterday amounted to $50,-154 43, but of tide sum $23,47616 wfll this day bepaid to liquidate the claims of the various counties of national life is beginning to array itself, and of the Sute against the Board.The French Emperor is too sagacious not tosmall support from Catholics at home orabroad. In kis present difficulty the sense, ofhis own people is against him. Victor Ema-nuel takes his excommunication as quietly as had rewarded him for so many years of intel-running through th#m.civil war, and death to our national eriitence.of the Sanitary Police waa received.TKIPLE SHEET. The market for beef cattle was without material nominees, and sending the election into the though they had been several times attackedalteration yesterday, the offerings meeting fsir sale atlastweek'sprices. Milchcowsweresteady. Veals were plenty and dull at unchanged rates. Sheep and lambs were steady. Swine were not so plenty, and sold at from 5c. to CJc, as to quality.The rersayfrom Uterpool 11th, and Queenstownthe evening of the-13th inst., arrived at this pert a*three P. M. yesterday, with three days' later ad-vice* than previously Received. The news is im- The cotton market was Ira yesterday, and closed with COMBE AT A DISCOUNT.ÑOne of those reforms foundation for the report His lieutenant,fl.w ftrk,Th.ri*Èl,U*r È*.>MO. The Mown.look for safety only from the faithfulness and the power of the independent press.tant places in the Empire, but they are frequent- ed by the lower classes only. Without doubt, Japan had at one period a recognized religious theory, but now it Is practically ex. tinct Two hundred years ago and more, whenbearer of the republican party has been sacri- ficed upon the altar of fancied availability. The sacrifice was alike cruel and unnecessary." The correspondent goes on to say that Seward was "too pure and too consistent" for "thoseThere were on sale 3,827 beef cattle, 115 cows, 1,200 veal calves, 5 950 sheep and lambs and 4,179 swine.Garibaldi's force had been directed. It was stated that he had landed at Orezza, in that province, but there appears to be no certainabout 1,000 bales, part In transit, closing for lots on the spot on the basis of quotations given in another column. The receipts at the port since the 1st of September testhis departure, with 2,000 more volunteers; butwhether these are to join Garibaldi, or to dis- livered in the House will be printed in the embark at another point In order to create aGlobe. Hitherto the practice has been to pub- diversion, is not mentioned.lish in that journal, at the expense of the conn- As may be imagined, these events have try, long speeches never spoken, and for the thrown the Turin Cabinet into a state of thethunders of the Vatican, when ultramon-Herein lie revolution, Thai state of things cannot go on without re-is of a highly important character. The particulars of the departure of Garibaldi's ex- pedition evince a state of excitement on the part of the Sardinian people in connection with the Sicilian insurrection that It will he exceedingly difficult for the government to resist The expeditionary force, which was composed of 2,200 volunteers, left the port ofThis has become one of the questions of theleaders of the old democratic organization have now an opportunity to secure a new lease of political existence, by throwing aside their ab- stractions, burying their personal quarrels, and uniting at Baltimore on a national platform and a national man. But if they perpetuate these present strifesÑif this man or that per- sists in claiming the Presidency as a personal concession to himself, or if this clique or that clique endeavor to force a man of their own on the publicÑthe sentence of the peo- ple will be final, and they will all be consigned, with their past merits and present claims, to a well deserved oblivion. If two candidates are run by a severed democracy, the result wfll be to diminish the strength of each before thefor gold at the Bank of Genoa, a day or two previously, notes for three millions of francs. Notwithstanding the measures taken by the government to discourage and prevent the ex- pedition, the feeling of the population in its favor was enthusiastically manifested. Late as was the hour, upwards of five thousand persons, of all ranks, flocked to the beach to witness its departure. So great was the ex- citement prevailing amongst the troops in gar- rison that it became necessary to confine them to their barracks to prevent their joining the volunteers.foundly exercised in their minds with regardto the members of the Japanese Embassy as tosend special missionaries to Washington with aview to the Christianization of the Envoys of theTycoon. We are not informed as to the precise be safely nominated. This is attributing extra-House, where the contest will lie between Bell by the royal troops, the latter had been unable andLincoln. Inthepresentcompositionof tomakeanimpressionuponthem. Aninsur-the House of Representatives, this will be a rectionary movement had broken out in Cala- dangerous contest, in which the country can bria, and it was to this point it was said, thatlength carried in the Houseof Representatives.result of this work of ingratitude and malig-The members of the Sacred College*ad suggest- receipts of flour were large, with a fair export most part of the most stupid kind. There they greatest perplexity. By laying an embargo oned to the Pope the convocation at Rome of every Catholic Power, to point out the reforms needed in the Papal States.demand. Prices, however , were heavy and about 6 c per barrel lower for most descriptions of Inside brands. Thefirstnew flour from wheat grown the present year wassoldInthismarketyesterday;itcomprisedfivebar-stood on the record, with their lame and impo- the muskets purchased with the Garibaldi fund, tent conclusions unanswered, because never and despatching a steam flotilla to Sicily, they heardintheHouse,andthushistorywasper- hadhopedtosaveappearances. Thispublic verted. Many of these speeches were not only departure of the expedition from Genoa, and not spoken by the members to whom they the enthusiasm manifested in regard to it, were attributed, but were not even written, defeated all their calculations. The flag of and probably not even understood by them. Garibaldi, the idol of the Italian heart, had It is notorious that literary men make a only to be unfurled to the breeze to render living at Washington by writing speeches them powerless to arrest the impulse which for indolent and ignorant members of Con- prompted the Sardinians to hasten to the assist- gress, some of whom cannot put two sen-visit of any high official personages from Japanto a Christian country, and must be regarded of this refers to the HERALD. Greeley knows asverystrongtestimonyinfavoroftheefforts towhomitrefers. Hehasbecomefrightened of the missionaries. It would appear, however, at the work of his own hands, now that the governing classes of Japan subsequent-ly discarded the religious theory inculcated bytheir visiters from the West, and that they nowbelieve only in a system of moral philosophy, and cries, "Out out, damned spot!" Bat thewhich, viewed in the orthodox sense, is bloody stain remains, and all great Neptune'sFortyfivethousand Russians were collected onthe Pruth; and It was also reported that the Porte rels, classed doable extra, and brought $12 per barrel; Ithad aaaembled 50,000 men at Widdin.The Earl of Malmeabury stated to the House ofwaa manufactured from new wheat, grown by Wm. C Daniels, near Savannah, at the StovaU Excelsior Hills, Augusta,Georgia,and consigned to BrewerftCaldwell,that he sees them smeared with the inno- cent blood of the republican chief. Like Lady Macbeth in her sleep, he rubs bis handstarda on the 11th Inst that the Nicaragua treaty of this city. Wheat was easier, but with a good export had been signed, and that the right of passage demand; the market wss active. Corn was freely dealt over the Isthmus of Panama had been recognised. ia, especially In cargoes of distilling qualities. The salesThe financial and commercial intelligence is (tooted ap about 110,009 bushels, within the range of considered favorable. price* giren in another place. Mess pork was unchanged, Advices from Hhaaghae to the 22d or March state while prices were lower. Sates of new mess were made that intelligence had been received from Jeddo at $17 67x a $17 76; old do., $17 60; new prime, Sis 16that the health of Mr. Harris, our Minister at a $1$ 37 >i, and old do. at $12 37 X a $12 60. Sugars Japan, had improved. were firm, with rales of 1,500 hhds. Cubes and Porto Ricos, and 190 hhds. meladis, at full prices. Coffee was Advices from Vera Cruz to the 16th inst have moderately dealt in, with sales of 800 bags Laguajra atnothing more nor lees than sheer in-ocean cannot wash it away. Greeley is soaredcal character of this new phase in the political keen received, containing the important intelli. 14c. and 180 do. Maracaibo at 13\c. Freights were firm, This system was, therefore, calculated to de- complications of Europe, Revolution once genre that Zuloaga had issued a decree on the 1st with engagements to ports of Great Britain at full rates. ceive the people. successful in the Two Sicilies, what is to pre-inst deposing Miramon and assuming the Presi- Again, it was a common practice for mem- vent it spreading to Yenetia, to Hungary, dency of Mexico himself. It ia stated that this Party Straggles avail Partisan UnarrestsÑ bers to materially alter speeches after being nay, to Germany itself? It was in Sicilyquarter in Asia, have lost their vitality, andcan only count their proselytes among the tinue to haunt him.movement had caused great alarm. Urags^ at the head of six thousand liberal troops, was at $uaaa juato on the 6th inst, preparing to attack the capital.Present Aspect or tHe Political Field* written out by the Congressional reporters, that first commenced the movement of the re-The struggle between the several leaders of which was both an injustice to those gentle- volutionary ball which, ia the year 1848. me- the old democratic party organization is being men and a falsification of the record. It was naced to overthrow most of the existing carried on with vigor in many quarters, and time that so gross an abuse should be put an dynasties of the Continent Then it had nolower classes.The next question that comes to be con-ance of their Sicilian compatriots, who are tences together grammatically, and these struggling to shake off the most hateful des-fidelity. Nor is Japan alone among the at the consequences. Having despatched Sew- Eastern nations in this matter. The ruling ard, he is anxious to get rid of the dead. Inclasses in China, Hindostan and Persia his speech at the republican ratification meet-speeches for Buncombe, after appearing in the potism that ever goaded &s people to madness. GM>e, go to the constituencies of the members, It would be difficult to exaggerate the criti-have passed through the same fluctuationsin religious belief, and have gradually approxi- "Let the dead bury the dead, and let itsmated the same result Mahometanism and mourners, if they will, go about the streets, Paganism, springing" almost from the same while we devote ourselves to the livingwho father them as their genuine offspring.ing in this city on Tuesday evening, he says:Ñportends some very curious and complicated end to, and we are glad to see that the eyes of great central focus of support, such as is nowIn Washington it has usurped the floor of the Senate, to the almost complete displacementhad it the secret aid of a monarch who careslition of the whole system of Congressional la the proposition to appropriate $1,000,000 for a of the public business. Davis, Douglas, Ma- reporting, which is only a mockery and a delu-son and others have carried on the debatesion; for who ever reads the Globe, or would the frontier of Texas. A resolution calling on the there for some days, and yesterday we gave for any inducement read the dull unspokenand the likeÑare yet to be acted on.This is adding insult to injury. It is saying,"Seward wfll not do for President; we have wiped him out politically; but he will do well enough as a tool for the republican party to work with, to aid in adding to their forces the three electoral votes of Kansas, and in gainingregiment of mounted volunteers for the defence ofBecretary of War for information relative to the the speech of Senator Benjamin. While the essays, called speeches, which it contains ?sword, but the gown before all and above all.The Reformation gave the Church its first andheaviest blow; later came the final overthrowof Catholicity in England, and then the era ofinfidelity in France. Now all Europe is utili-tarian. There is a certain respect paid to the¥ale of the Port Snelling reservation was majority of the Southern democratic leaders adopted. A bOl providing for the disposition are thus engaged in endeavoring to de-The true method is to leave the reporting to the independent press, whose representativesof the Africans captured on board slavers wasreported and laid over. Some conversation tookplace between Messrs. Hammond and Wilson re'specting the recently published but undeliveredspeech of the latter, on the suppression of the Afri.can slave trade. Mr. Hammond reprobated thepractice of publishing speeches that were not de-livered, and Mr. Davis offered a resolution thatmeasures be taken to prevent such occurrences infuture, but no action was taken on the proposition.The debate on the question of protecting slave pro-perty in the Territories waa then continued by Mr.Wigfnil, of Texas. The Senate held an executive ter are the public meetings which have been would cut off one of the most prolific sources already felt it necessary to pursue in Italy. session, in which the naval appointments made dm*-monstrate the error and the inconsisten-the general party organization, and evince aa reform would not only be for the public inte- kingdom. The same proposition is to be maderecognition of what was once a great power,and has still a certain influence over the Evening Journal, it is "alike cruel and unneces-point, which is only preliminary to a stillgreater reform in the same directionÑthe abo- little for hereditary rights, and the aims oflunatic will read or ought to read. To this ship of one of the Archdukes, France will these are, they will exercise an influence on complexion we hope it will come at last Such guarantee to her the secure possession of thatFrance, Austria and Spain, and to the GreekChurch in Russia; but it is only a formalserving of censure for not being at his post in the Senate immediately after his defeat" This is little short of brutal. In the words of thedisposition on the part of his adherents to runSenator Douglas for the Presidency, with or rests, but for the advantage of every man of in reference to Yenetia; and the consequencesmasses. The governing classes in Europe be- sary." Mr. Seward, was so confident of the lieve in nothing' ideal. They stand in exactly nomination that he repaired home to receive the same position that is occupied by the Ja- it; and now he is expected by the Tribune, panese. The Holy Father himself meets with after his deep disappointment and thewithout a regular nomination, and with or talent, whose speeches are now smothered of a refusal in either case are to be indicatedwithout a prospect of success. Of this charac-amidst a promiscuous mass of rubbish, while it by a reference to the course which France hasheld, in this city night before last, and recent- of public corruption.ly in Augusta, Georgia, and in New Orleans.In Georgia, Alabama and Louisiana arrange- CARELESS DRIVTNO AND ITS CONSEQUENCES.Ñ position unshaken amongst the convulsions by ments are also being made to get up a The recent violent death of a respectable lady, which Europe is threatened, he must head off Douglas movement in the South, and to send the wife of a citizen, in Fourteenth street, the new revolutionary movement He hasdelegates favorable to him to the Baltimore. caused by the violent driving of a cartman, either to break its force by helping to securetreachery practised upon him, to go back to Washington and fight the battles of an un- grateful party with the same alacrity as if theyConvention, to the exclusion of the secedingfurnishes additional evidence of the ineffi-the objects that it has in view, or succumb him- self to the* overwhelming strength that it must acquire if left undiverted and unchecked.exceedingly irreverent for the eldest son of the Church.is not up and doing. This is bitter mockery. As well might Brutus call upon dead Caesar to wield the imperial sceptre, or the slayer of "the Thane of Fife7' ask his victim to exercisedelegations, which are convened to meet at ciency of the police in cases of this kind. It isRichmond. true that the stalworth corps of officers stationedalong Broadway rescue a great number of wo- The result of these movements, divisions and men and children from death, by compellingconflicts, at this particular juncture in public the omnibuses to stop, and escorting foot pas- affairs, is pregnant with danger to the whole eengers across that crowded and dangerousThus we have the very curious fact beforeThe expedition of Garibaldi may, therefore, us that the peoples of the Orient and of the his kingly function.From Sicily itself the latest advices show that the insurrection, so far from losing ground, wasJapan, but would assuredly prevent the con-version of any considerable number of our Seward's official organ, which ought to be wellabout fifteen leagues from Palermo; and al-that the JapaneseÑwe refer to the higher operations of Greeley and Blair he aays: Ñ"Mis- classesÑhave no religious belief whatsoever. representation has achieved its work. TheIt is quite true that there are pagan temples timid and credulous have succumbed to threats andidolsatJeddo,Simodsandotherimpor- and perversions. The recognized standardperceive that in order to maintain his ownmanner by which this hopeful result is to beaccomplished, but we presume that orthodoxmeans will be resorted to. A severe course of where was the necessity of Greeley killingthe New York Ooserrer, followed up by a rat-tling fire from the American Tract Society .mightaccomplish the unwelcome consummation of killed Seward we leave the public toIt seems that, though the Caesar of republi- sidered is this: Granted that Paganism is vir- canism is dead, the enmity of Greeley is notforms of the Established Church in England, tothe usages of the holy Catholic religion in other advantages for the cause; and he is de-lectual toil. Greeley pronounces him dead, peror of the French, his conduct is certainly and fit only to be buried, and yet asks why hehe would eat his dinner; and as for the Em-be regarded as the opening act of another Occident have both arrived at the same point,great drama, in which most of the European although by entirely different methods of pro- Mr. Seward and his friends will not openlycountry. Much, therefore, depends on the highway; but the other streets of the city are Powers will be called on to play a part It ceeding, so far as religion is concerned. In oppose the nominee of the republican party,proceedings of the Convention next month will depend on the skill and prudence of the little better than a race course for butchers'the East Christian missionaries have made butbut they will "damn him with mint praise." It may be set down as a fixed fact that they will render him as little service as possible;at Baltimore. If wisdom rules its coun- cartsÑthose fatal red cars of Juggernaut which man who assumes to control the political little progress. China has a sort of evangelicalcils, It may be of the greatest service to drive over our citizens without mercy, maiming, affairs of the Continent whether it is to termi- filibuster, who is still in the field, but whothe public interest and the popular desire. Awild spirit of innovation has sprung up, whichthreatens to destroy the Union, and involve allthe greatest, best and dearest interests of thecountry in ruin. The black republicans haveadopted a new and revolutionary theory of in-terpretation of the constitution; the ultra pro-slavery men call for the exercise of new anddangerous powers of Congress in their behalf;a new school of squatter sovereigns proclaim murder, and we hope that the husband of theand often, as in the last instance, killing them nate peaceably or end in a sanguinary seems to have made very little headway. The and if the prophet of the higher law shouldon the spot In the Fourteenth street catas- denouementtrophe there was not a policeman in the vicinity, DESIGNED IMPROVEMENTS rx CENTRAL P ARK.Ñand the fellow who thus ruthlessly trampled We perceive that the Central Park Commis- hi that promising field. The early Ja- down this poor lady was allowed to escape,upon giving a name and address to some of thebystanders, which proved to be both false.The destruction of life by reckless driving joying a little aquatic sport This is a com- tive of a young and vigorous nation to remove through the streets is but another species of mendable addition to the many improvements the restrictions which the bigotry and preju-sioners have advertised for contracts to provide boats for the lakes which adorn the Park, in order to afford visiters an opportunity of en-panese missionaries succeeded in shutting out European trade from that country, and it was reserved for the practical, sensible representa-designed for the Park, among which are the dice of centuries bad thrown around Orientalnew theories of construction for the powers of deceased lady will offer a reward for the arrest flock of twelve swans which the city of Ham- commerce. The Embassy which comes to us TORNADO.ÑThe tornado which swept over agovernment, which, if once admitted, will carry of the carman who caused her death. the whole country into a maze of incongruousDESTRUCTIVE ETFECTS OF THE LATE WnsTESjr burg has generously tendered to the Commis- from Japan is a purely commercial one. If the portion of the Ohio Valley on Monday appears,and contradictory theories.Against this innovating spirit the sentimentbusiness. It is their dutyÑand they should be country by the steamer Bavaria. There is no to the advantage of Japan to trade with the destructive, character even than was st first re- made to perform ItÑto arrest every one of more delightful and attractive feature in a United States on fair terms, then they wfll so ported. The less of property, K is now esti-these butcher boys and others who drive their public park than a flock of these graceful birds advise their imperial master. They do not mated, amounts to a million ef dollars; and,horses at a speed greater than the law allows.will inevitably triumph over it Abolitionism, pro-slsveryism, and the crude conceptions offloating on its ornamental waters. In Regent's come here to be Christianized or converted orThe police are ¥ very reprehensible in thissioners, and which are now on their way to this Commipsioners shall be satisfied that it will befrom further accounts, to have been of a moreIn the Circuit Court yesterday, at the reqoest ofcounsel in the case of Hicks, convicted of piracyin robbing the captain of the oyster* sloop B. A.Johnson, the of argument on a motion forarrest of Mtmm wan postponed till Monday abstract discussion, where -they properly who proposes to follow up the discoveries of It is contemplated, also, to place a number of prisoner's dock for the highest crime known to the Ohio and Pennsylvania mines. *next. belong. The evils that arise to the country Dr. Kane in the Arctic regions, has been visit- deer upon the ParkÑanother charming feature. the laws; when they understand that the cul- There Is a remarkable peculiarity in theseSepoy rebellion proved that the missionaries ever go back td the Senate, it will not be inin Hindostan failed altogether in their effortsthe character of a republican Boanerges, making the walls of its chamber ring with party appeals, but as a quiet unobtru- sive, and almost silent member of the con- servative branch of the national legislature. If he returns, he wfll return a wiser and a sadder man.sadder still, the loss of life numbers a hundred Park, London, they form a striking attraction, evangelized. When they see religious sects individuals, most of whom perished by thesquatter sovereignty, will all be driven by it THE ARCTIC EXPEDITION OP DR. H A T E S - and in the demesnes of the nobility and gentry quarreling like Kilkenny cats, parsons preach- swamping ef no lorn than thirty-six pairs ef from the field of political practice to that of PRACTICAL AID or THE BOSTONIANS.ÑDr. Hayes, of England they are almost always to be found. ing treason from the pulpit, or arraigned in the coal boats on their descending journey fromKxJadge ¥È been appointed by the from the making of our legislative halls de- ing Boston with a view to collect funds in aid There is afineopportunity here to enclose them tivated mind of the country shifts about with summer tornados In the West They coma toSupremeCourtmwww>m***¥taotatimonayvintihne batingclubsforthediscussionofmootques- ofhisexpedition,andtheBostonianshave withinaspacesufficientlylargefortheircom- everywindofdoctrine,andveryoftenbringscontested election case of tions in abstract science, and our public offices taken a very practical and common sense wayMr. William B. Taylor has been fort, by encircling a few acres of ground with pp In the haven of atheism, they may walldrill roesjas for political party organizations, of assisting him. They offer to give him a the thin wire fence now so much in vogue, look upon our missionaries with contempt, andsuddenly, and unneralded by sjry of the indica- tions which usually presage an approacMng storm. In the midst of calm and sunshine a small, dense cloud, pregnant with electricity,ant Postmaster by Mr. Dix, the newly appointed are beginning to exercise a moat pernicious in- ship fully fitted out for the voyage, providedPostmaster of thai cHy.The Excise CiiwmlsaiMsejl held t misting yen.terdsy, at which they granted one license tor $30. They adjourned till this awirmagThe U>dyofanaÇ, supposed to be thatofOapt GeorgeH.Burr,offtesloop E.A-found in the river at the foot of Jpotnt. on Tuesday night Upon Iwhich, while preserving the deer safely within urge that the finest field for missionary opera-prosperity of the community and that the citizens of New York agree to pro- the enclosure, is almost invisible aft a short dis- tions is as yet untouched. When we come to con- rinse above the horizon, and almost in enofnationaWife. The interests of vision and man her. The Arctic Committee of tance, and wfll present no obstacle to a full sider the fact that irreligion is the order of the instant of time it breaks upon some devotedneglected; our citizens are left the New York Geographical Society a n to and perfect view of the graceful animals day, both in Europe and America, so for as the city, and before there is say chance of l>repa-^ " ^ P f o t o c t i o n abroad; enterprises of pnb- meet on Saturday, and see what ssessutss they th £Uacua!T*t0"l*d lnto fo¡dfor corruption; *halltaketomeetthegenerous propositionofthe discussion of public questions Is converted the citizens of Boston. It wfll not require a toto quarrels between party leader?; the idea verylarge sum to do this, and we are quitewithin.governing classes are concerned, the attempt to enlighten the Japanese with the rays of Divine truth, as taught by our priests, is ex-ration everything transportable by the most furious storm ales before It-boxes, bsrreis, awnings, balconies, trees, and even horses sadyesterday morning by the Coroner, it was Ç È saw vaaw, H* corner and the keystone J sure that our cittans wfll not be behind theirThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069There is no doubt that these attractions willÇtkÇ the Park more popular than over; andwhen the Commissioners have established m tremely impertinent The facte that the Japa- wagons, are swept along in one confused mass;Untitled Documentof the political asoasstoation of that stetosnaanBut aays Greeley now, when he finds so i republicans indignant the HERAIJ>, by its arti- cles against Seward, had 'Tendered his elec tioa impossible," and, therefore, he could notordinary power to the HERALD.killed Seward before the Chicago Conventisa,him over again, thus twice slaying the slain?ficant hint that upon those men " devolves theNo one will pretend to say that any portionpresent" But the ghost of Seward wfll con-But if we had www.fultonhistory.comline of light ca* to wrryvttt^the nese know no Sabbath, and brought no priesttorrents of rain in a few moments flood Ae¥ 