 at as.ti.aU ii(MdtoW YORKHERALD.j*.*!**,wtte wheat at lid ,ta begs u dai toload'r^awtojuds^afWaek; -'K^*. ^. » . ^ . ^ a ' . .^^::,ua^.jb.-<sas!ltemitoMmt A|M JjLlUktegg*m\m*mm^kmV-ivn»10*nai.4U.Urnn *•»r»mrarw dVwcripUw of the condition and prospects olpi»rth«.andap^utetlveastothf.p«rilofUH»country in the «vwt of Meek repwWtoantem proving vtotertewa la No»eaA*t. The ***•*• strongiy urge union sgalast Ute ooaunaa foefcr tbe sake of tbe national Uatoa founded by war ancestors; and one of them (the latt la order) ea**a#e*h*»tm proposwd by to* HERALD, to i^aoae the Gcrdlea knot" t a d eave the repnb- He from t h e fflnkuMniaad aangeiB by vrhkhityoa will have eeenees to * purpose before It Is ov-r.Tew* te* tertwvwwewe.Tbe patriarchal picture of the kings of eotiquity, sitting At the gates o f their palaces or in theiraudiencechamber*,toheartbecomplaint* and to receive the petitions of their subjects. always commends itself even to the minds of us moderns as a beautiful illustration o f the sim- plicity and love of justice which are supposed toTheEngtwa cabiaet agree toStewetens tteir asmWe neve tome tdalttoaal eava from Europe, brought by the PuDoa. which waa intercepted off Cape Race on Friday evening last. ConsiderableGaribaldiaon h a d left Sicily and disem- ithe mainland, where they were joinedTheelectors,uponwhomdevolvestherightofgrievances,orgainattentiontotheirsugges-luperfine, tellsin demand red.fltt a S^SO, reIdJ,«SlltoaSlit Ownlateatadvicesatleastteathousandrevolutionists laeveryState,thantoleaveittothemassesofTbe. independent press o f the country thusfilm the void which our departure from thesehabits of antiquity made. Whatever grievanceofapublicnatureexistsftdenounced tousbyla arms within the Meapolttaa territory. Thenext 1 Europe will therefore in all probe-m tetoetSjeaee ef startlingeventsin The) otaeauUp Karnak, from Nassau, N. P., 28thnit., arrived at tail port yesterday morning. T h e only Mama of news in oar files of Nassau papers are m regard to the slaverwhich, it will be remem-tile voters,who might be temporarily led astray by party artifice a n d demagoguism. T h e electors arcthe people's committee to do•Ibssllilij.Hegoeso Staunton uA suspicious looking fast sailing brig, having on bonds hi the barroom and tin grog-andCouncilman; andIIthepeopleplace them and Harlem, and take in the entire space vitatiooofhisoldconstituents Thestem of tea team eviL Everything seems tending to national dis-again in offices o f public trust, the people de- to Washington Heights. In this way they might and general anarchy. Whether thisrun a circular road from Manhattanville round to be arretted depended on tI wee els.at UXd.leA w a l t e and.imijm »*choke, have the power in their own hands if they will use' it aright Why does not the con- stitution give the people the right to elect aWearstevaawtejpt tc. Coffee•Star: salts at teas Sto at 13>ic a laJtemmtea Wat, witht.erestaf' „,i'-•'^'shop, and no discretion ft left tothe electors but to do their bidding. Accordingtothftsystem,whatafarceitfttohaveelectorsthatshetookherdepartureforthecoastofAfrica, atall.Whynotlettherowdiesandtheshoulder nicipalcouncils,theyhavelongbeengivenoverboard a quantity of rice and lumber, besides water casks beyqnd the ordinary number, left the Atlantic dock, Brooklyn, on Friday mat, and it is reportedthe aide of the hill clear to Fort George, and for practical legislation; State Legislatures are there connect with another road from Harlem,forthepurposeofreturningtothewesternshores hitters,andtheblacklegsandthievesvotedirectof the Atlantic with a cargo of negros. Rumor for tbe President? The electors are reallyre- of the population. The people, then, find thatConvention. Tbatwothirdsratewasadopted uponpar would embrace nearly allthefeatures ofa liameottry understanding,suchasan provided by tbeaddsthsttwoorthreeotherbrigsandbarkshave sponsibletothelawsandtheconstitution,toGodbeautiful park In itself, and would makethe constitution to pais a tow over tea veto of tea finestboulevardintbeworld.Insteadofthat,President.AnyothereonstructionteUnpracticaole. atKayWast,Apartyofwreckers,armedwithrises,Sly hauled out from the same rendezvousesnd ded on similar voyages, sad that some ves- hich lie up regularly in Brooklyn are con-etantiy engaged in the African slave trade.andthecountry;andyetInthefaceofthese considerations, and In violation of their oath, they hare been hitherto in the habit o f voting in obedience to the dictation of bands of con-Whether Douglas got two hundred and twelve however,theyaregoingtolayoutnewave-.votes as assertedonoaeside, orone hun- nues and streets on the top of the hill, cutting dred aad fifty our, as alleged, on tea other, he (Douglas) received more than a two thirds vote after teeThe steamship Cahawba, from New Orleans andHavana, arrived here teat evening. T h e dates spirators who league together t o plunder thethrough the grounds of private residences, tear- ing down houses and stables, and in short, to make a grand dash generally, to the destructionaeoedert left. H e (Stephens) supported t h e ticket b e cause the candidates on it supported tea time honored platform of uon Intervention, the only principle which eaa preserve tbe Cnion. Tba objections urged againstupwards._ l t>Exchange oa London, SO days, 16s, to U\;rt the latter port are to the 28th n it Therewas people. They are worse than useless; for if local news ef interest at Havana beyond the there was a direct vote for the President, of volunteers for the service of the Do- all decent men who have a stake in theit was tee duty of Congress to do what they woald act do central avenue, the Kingsbridge road, should themselves. Douglas refused to say that it was the dntyof Congress to pars laws to protect slavery la tee terri bewidened,andthecircularroadreferredto tories; bene* they oppose him and refuse toMaw Tate do., 3 to 4*; Mew Ortetas, short sight, 4 * to 6.republic. Tbe capture of a steamer an-community would haveafairchance.BatTbe steamship D a Soto, Captain Johnson, hence Hat,—gWi FB9MTIEliTIOItlCAPITALlft¥d.$rttbeaei a margin, sylverte oogbt to be aWe teifwre **—***latore in WKwiu, Illinois. Maine and elsewhere we canffeadJByw«Hetw thai they woaldnothavebeensatisfiedwfththepaltrysumof$ 119,f00 if they had been in power at Waabfce*>ton. Bad Thurtow Weed been tiers to ft* asprfct ttttow, eta Swwstery ofW*r, aastowa*oUate te i asters a a r eowaMiBioattoa firata t i » , exoept through ta« War nsparUMttt. Tke army and aavy r *HKW YORK. HERALD, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, I860.-wantallthemon*y weeaasateehereforPewYork(Mate,wbte*wearegoingtoeavefromtba black rwpubli.-aaa. too; and we advwe theF«wr»ylvaate polWeteae, to go home to*awaeweetheft own parens T« theNew lorn-ers we say, save your powder, we a r e hardlyTb* totters, wbkh oome front vexiaae ttnerter*. getting Into tbe beginning of the fight yet, and scale. But tbe democratic parte ft a cheapcaWCASS or CA?& Theu<itsCM.wataa4k*-Thefwltet,asOaaa-t gf•te • -•'•§ a * ,% .'i'f miu„.mm*5ms c G Lr-Misef 0b a i94UJeh I awifJb wal 1UNa ittet1 1Cmwotte «ai iI oc 40T ao ws te aa ttiofLaMi•OOlOil1WM19Sal lie ittof Cirrlamphaal.We publish to-day an utereettnsmanage tbe business, no doubt ha woald have arranged it on a mora liberal and munificentthe Presidential ejection.UCaaFroai tbfftw latters and from allJne •*"•** have flourished In those days. There was then nrlencftaand failures In detail which we had M discountenance all unlawful expeiltion*the poHtkal anaameiit, ft ft -tidenttbat the a direct accountability from the subordinate to occasion to refer to before, with regret that so old parties are brokea np'by the corruption tbe superior. A fraudulent tax gatherer or an fine a public work should tall an far abort of end rascality of the leadera, and oat of the oppressive underling was quickly brought to what toe public need demands. The money ruins a new conservative combination ts being his senses under the summary mode of proceGeotml Amerloan neighbors.- vm AWAB» or a n rA*AO*AT esassmaInterested parties are bos> IDprocuriug «left Havre list,%S,teSfcVSB A. .•p wawaaNM, wa|ipiMe 10 eeMlformed, whoee aim and object are to overthrow dure which obtained before civilization suc- one would complain of the amount devoted to revolutionary abolition. This is t h e only defi- ceeded in complicating forms and making jus- an object which might be made o f the first a d - aiteabapetheconnterrevolutionbaayettaken. ticeinaccessible. Howinestimablewouldbe vantagetothemetropolisifprudence,discre-6ed with tea award ofthe." claims against Paraguay tosetitasideoragateratertheasattertogreet. This I sis perfectly aware teat bs pwwesaes an such power, even if be had the desire to exercise It. these represeota- ttoas, however , disclose t h e design e f claimants a a d lobby agents to press the matter further upon tee atten- tion of Congress, in hopes of relief. But the treaty under white tee oommwsioo acted Is tee sapretae law of the land, which even Congress may not annul without a fla- grant breacb o! good Uith and of the law of nationsbeing made >o impress the public with ten M en teat tea President tew bete power and disposition to annul, rather than execute, tee law of Congress,adjustingdamagessustainedbyO*Groot.by setting aside theaward ef tee Secretary of War, white is baaed upon a construction of the law by tea Attorney GeneraL The President has no discretion in the matter. Congress reterred It to tea Secretary ef War. The President approved tbe act, and Is determined to exe- cute it. That b e has exercised his usual caution sad su- pervision ef bate ttews casee, by giving tea papers a thorough examination personally, there it good reason to believe. If he finds thai unwirranUble conclusions navearrived at he w.U a w h i s beat endeavors to have rectifiedbyteeproperofficer*,batitiiunfairto charge him with a design to usurp authority or ;o exir-utei niiiMtew waste nnngrMSliilnplnl tit "There is a great dearth of poiittoal news here.Indebted to the Htauu> for the latest Intelligence from all parts of the country, Including events happening in Wean-a.a.uvw.toa.if,brigAllthereatftinvolvedinobscurity,andftthethose primitive and simple modes o f treatment tion a n d good taste had been exercised l a i t so fconjectureItt these days of venal Legislatures and thievingsubjectseems alone certain ft, that none of the candi-dates opposed to Lincoln can be elected, ac swindle and city railroad franchises, we almost the labor of two or three years, the Parkand speculation. Whatconstruction; but unhappily such'has not been the case, and after a heavy expenditure, a n dcording to present appearances and all ttumaa probability. The first great object to be secured ft the defeat or the black republican candidate; and to accomplish that, tbe claims of ail the other candidates most b e kept i n abeyance. The candidate who most strongly presses hisrI,was wrecked off Lanyard's Cay, near Abaco, President, according to the discretion vested in the full sunlight of events, and no public func- tractors, architects, arcbitects-in-chief, engi- about the 39th of July, with 360 Africans on board. them, and the obligations of their solemn oath. tionary betrays his trusts or neglects his duty neers, and so forth, here, there, and every- TheyweretakentoNassau,andsentbytheGover- Whydoesthelawprovidefordelayafterthey without ourbeing informed of it. And where. Theyhavealreadydemandedanap- nor'sordershaAtholWand,wheretheywerepro- areelected,beforetheyelectaPresident?Whythoughwecannotbastinado thetrans-propriatianofsometwenty-twothousanddol- perlycaredfor. Thecsptain andmatehavingre-mained at Abaco, refusing to go to Nassau, theschooner Racer, with two or three armed police-men, was sent down t o arrest them. They were colleges of the sister States. This provision Is found]onboardtheAmericanbarkFashion,aboutto sail for Key West, and taken to Nassau, where, utterly Incompatible with the idea of party after an osamhtetloa, they were committed to conventions making tile President beforehand.o f H o n . A * H . ArocsTA,Ga,Sept.1,1S60.to stand their trial next October. On the tie Africans were distributed amongstBy the Practice ofreoenkyears the design of the constitution is frustrated, and by a gross perversion, instead of the electors electing the President, he ft elected - by vaga-J ^ ^ £ w e ^ d o M ta11keC9Moiow very honest and worthy legislators, Aldermenproper disposition of the ground they shouldhave power to commence at Manhattanville6the who wished t o~Qsasw CUUBbfTUhans them Ua b*AC * amas servants, a n d r, • AAIIAIA l o gpeople, and only did so because he could not refuse the InItwilave trade, an portisn of teaThere was alto a report Mat the bark WUalro (a ateta prize),aianchorIntheharborofSayWest,hadbeenstolen from her anchorage bythe man(Captain Patten)whs went offwith tbeWanderer tome timestoatfromte- vaasah. He was assisted by a crew which he picked tfisaperiodofthreemonthsallowedto elapse? la order to give the colleges of electors tine for deliberation, and for consultation with thegressor, or visit him with any of those exemplary modes of punishment which were in vogue in the days we referto,larsforaworkwhichftentirelyunneeded,and they bid fair to destroy that beautiful portion of the island, if they carry out their present de-atsuonstratlen,sadooaseqoaaUy nospeech. ard's travelling party is a vary pleasant <Mr.Sew-dry fathers.regret that we hare so far outlived the customs at the present time offers fow *of theWhen w e think o f the Japanesewhich prevailedgate of bis palace dispensing justice with an literally nothing enjoyable about i t No re-advantagesto expectBut though the Caliph no longer sits at the and a few prettily contrived walks, there ftla tbe golden prime Of gMd Haroon alrasohtdequal hand, or start* in disguise on nightly ex- freshing shade, nor pleasant green sward, Invites ownpretensions,totheriskofthecommonob-peditionsthroughthestreetsofBagdadwith thewearypedestrian,andthevisitor,durngject;willfindhimself in theendthelowestIn the scale of popular favor, and the old saying snail be verified—"the first shall be last, andtbe test shall be first"At present the Presidential question ft in a state of temporary chaos and confusion, be- cause the old parties are dissolved into their original elements, and tbe near combinations in processofformationarenotyetcompleted.But for this, as for ail other political evils, there ft a remedy In the constitution itself.his cute vizier to hear what his people say ofhim and bis acts, we have, even in thft In-tensely civilized age, an institution which about the city, in lieu of the cool retreat and responds, in many respects, to the same needs. secluded lounge which o n e would expect to The independent press stands day and night in find in an extensive park. No leafy shades— the most public place bearing complaints, lis-tening to suggestions and correcting abuses.Imitating t h e Impartiality o f t h e caliphs, i tmakesnodistinction. Highandlow,richandpoor, ignorant and enlightened, come alike tothis modern judgment seat to make known theirtions; and the intelligent reporters of the press make, themselves unknown, those daily a n d nightly rounds of investigation that used to—Senator Douglas was Charles Hotel thisvtattoaof tnenrgeots, t a d it is reported President direct? Because the founders of the form the evening amusements of the Caliph and oftheroyalistdragoonshadrepublicthoughtftwaswiserandsafertoen-hisvizier,andmakethem,too,withsorePark,andwehaveafairideaoftbemiserable—,Va.Sept.1.1M0 orted to the St He afterwards sdili —ml a BsreiteratednonInlMwith apt local U- applaadte.aadaU.withafewtratemired with t i e revolutionary a m y . If the trant tbe important duty to honest, discreet and aceoento received a r e n i s b l t there were a t the select men, in whom the people have confidence, effect.failure which foe whole work presents, and we fear is now irsemediable. •ThelateAlbanyLegislature,ofinfamous memory, created a commission to lay out the Washington Heights region—the most pic- turesque part of the city, for which nature hasscores of pens. Whatever Ideas of a practicalwhattheirsoberanddeliberatejudgmentdic- donesomuchandleftsolittleforarttoam- teat.1,1MB., to tote later a Mli caputs, was gives ha nam either Enguth or American,of the vessel on tbe death of theAaarvALorvanCAHAWSA—aarosnu)CAI ASLAVSSTSAMXB—VHSBABXWli.nrraf aanaapArnman aware,arc.,arc.J.w.Orleans io'cloctkerP.i.t,at, four days from Havana, tbaOabawba KewOrleansateightA.M.onMe2tohuR,itates. By the provisions of the constitution and the laws of Congress, the people elect th e electors, in order that they may elect tbeor philanthropic nature Illumine the minis ofany members o f the community are immediate-ly communicated. Nothing of public interestis allowed to escape our attention. W e live In tral Park, b y appointing a bureau of eon-A correspondent of tee Frm awaaaasteteatHr. Dew gins will soon proceed to Pennsylvania, and w e ta meeting at Harrtaborg on tea 7th, Reading 8th, Philadelphia the same evening; thence Eastontowns of the State. He will then return to New York.Move m e n ta o f Mr, SUMBHBTBB,N.T,Sept 1,it*.Mr.8ewardarrivedInthisoityto-day Therewasnoserve to be again victimized and plundered. ThenationalCongresshasceasedtobeabodypatriotism of tee people of all parts of tea country toteepresentgreatcrisis. HewasforDouglasandJohn- am, tea regular nominees. Whether Douglas received twothirdsoftheelectoralvoteornot, according to teeinvariablyrotten andcorrupt;andasformu-thusmakingacompletecircuit,inthemidstofallthesplendidresidencesanddemesnes,which usagesofteapartyhareceivedteatwothirdsvetooftbatothebandsoftherowdyandthievingportionsTan DancucKcing ASB F AILCRKSO F T H E lengthypublish to-day aCSWRAL PARK.—Wecommunication, criticising t h e various works on the Central Park, and pointing o u t the de-.;* Wl totatwns ihroush the press as wUl leave tent expended on it was lavishly supplied, and no the Public mind teat tea PreaMsat lawhichWith tbe exception of the Ramblet h epublich a d arightthe hot and dusty days of summer, must be con- tent with the hottest and dustiest tramp In andRailroad, B X ; -For whtfpering lovers n u d e -Tiate asks* torbeguile the footsteps in the Central Park; norustic haunts— Embosomedsonlatreestempt the labor-worn toiler to rest within their inviting shadow. A l l i s arid, unsheltered and unprepossessing; add to these deficiencies tbe abominable transverse roads, or canals, which bisect the Park at intervals, spanned by expen- sive bridges, destroying the uniformity o f i t s surface, and breaking up the coup d'oeii of the•"Til^ Bwvowaen t cplify—and tbe Commissioners are pursuing the same course as the Commissioners of the Cen-wehaveamodeofourown,whichis,probably, signs. TheCommissionersareauthorizedtoon the whole, quite as efficacious. We can pil- lay out the portion of this region lying north An Immense audience of ladits aad gentlemen aaaem- vaaa oa tea 17th, at two P. M., team |lory the offenders by holding them up to public of lfioth street only; but in order to make theat the City Hall Park today to hear Hon. A. H. departure for tela port at one P M ontheteth. The local news of Havana Is devoid a fMr. Stephens said he appeared reluctantly before the health of tee city bad greatly ltbe only honest and impartial judgment seatisintheindependentpress.Theythereforecometo us with their complaints, their grievances andtheir suggestions; and we administer impartialjustice to ail. Tbe press is a universal congress,sitting en permanence, and having jurisdictionof all subjects. The summary of communica of all the natural beauties of the country. What Dtmgtat by tee Breeders ware teat, ha refused to any teatAx., started in pursuit, aad anoeteded in capturingthe prize,andreturningwtthbartoKayWets.Tbe sugar market is reported a litUe better. No 11, 8>« to $%, reals per arrobe; stock on hand at Hav Matanaas, 110.000 boxes.Freights—Vessels continue Intions and petitions received by us in tbe space of a day or two, and which w e publish else- where,givesanideaoftheamountofbusinessthat district requires fa simply that the greatarrivedatHavanaontheteih,aadleftforNowOrleans tetewslavetrade,bytheUnitedStatesasitftnowtheelectorsdowhatconven-wehavetodointoftline.Thepeopleknowbeconstructed,leavingthecrossroadstobevotetorsuchatowthemselves. Mr.Stephensat1teP.M.onMe17thultis reported. Shehisaidtohave tions tell them, and the conventions are opened bythe ownersof propertywhen they defended Douglas against tbechart*that hewoaldnotAto furbyrlam .The Committee lor the relief of Me destitute andtog In Syria acknowledge Sat receipt ofO. H- W...........,110 00 MeME-Cb,.ABborntM SS rnomat H. Salle 100 te Sd Presbyterian da., te m1 to have succeeded in landing a portion near Cardenas before she w « of ten waa successfullynear Sierra Morena. The difficulties with 1 Tern Cma, in ragaid toitwhere to apply for a redress of grievances; and yield to tee decision of tee Supreme Court, and said teat the creation of the bands of burglars and bul- instead of going to corrupt legislative bodies are required. This accomplished, the northern Dwglas agreed with every principle decided la the DredHewYork,forBre- for Hamburg; the Bienville, and New Orleans; tbe Glasgow, for the Artel, for Aspiawall; the Chesa-lect a President than a n y conventions which have yet met, or than such corrupt scoundrels as those who constituted a majority of the late House of Representatives. It remains for themduct, contracted with t b e firm o f Degga & Smith, by authority of Congress, to furnish a certain quantity of bricks at a certain price, which contract they gave up in the followingdosomething. Whathasbeendone? Asfor again. Haceiled onthepatriotsofallaaottoas to unite to save it. The Union had enemtea at the Norte BenWood,heisoneoftheslipperyschoolof andBooth,butbe(Stsphene)wassotoneafthem. Ha knew Mr Breckinridge's ability and patriotiam, and haMary AT. Morse.... 1 Oft ftja>Ttrf?a. •oeaaeeaaa C.L.,S»:Lady,St..ftOftOaah,Newport, R I.. 6 00 Total.«• 99atelies, and the scum and offocouring of society. end of the city would be the most fth*iTM»ng orBtupidofficials,theycometotheindependentIt ft high time that tbe electors should press. Let it be ever so, and let the pressnewer suburb on either continentScott esse, but also insisted that die BOW* .how far a ter- ritorial I* gitiature might constituttonaixv regelate slaveryNo case involving this principle before the Court. The position of Douglas is teat of perfect equality between tea eitisens ef aD teeStales with respect to the rights of person aad proparty.latureexclude slavery.las on this point. bat it was a matter of as vital or eatential Importance, because if the majority o f the people of aTen itory opposed slavery it would not go there. H* tawno injury to MS South rasalltof frm I t He believedslavery will go to the extent of the capacity for it, and thataolawofOoogreetoraTerritorialLtftetolBTOcanextendIt beyond thai H e dwelt upon t h e Union and the Im-portance of proservtng It It was the bean government of Thro' N Y Observer 11 Oft J. WUkie, Jr 1ft • the world or that had ever been*eeublisb-d.If It falls we shall never see its likeawaken from their delusion, and become alive to a sense of their own responsibility, and a c t accordingly. They are not elected by the peo-cease to prove Itself worthy of thft high honor and trustT r a DBOROOT CONTRACT A T WASBTNOTOH.—- Some o f t h e republican papers are making a great fuss about an alleged case o f federal cor- ruption which theft correspondents a t Wash-It ft agreat misfortune that public works like the Central Park, and others designed to beau- tify tbe metropolis, cannot be constructed with- out blundering and extravagance.Tan POLITICAL FUSION.—What are tbe politi-M r . Douglas believed that amight,Territorial Legis- tows, virtuauyC.1 N.,#»•friend,wftatetefc-cav:C Reed S10.3. B A.,ltt do tmm%\ anA B C , E a s t o n , Owen Coigns40..M7IS aas 1 1 » 1 «bark Wgdfire was recently stolen, a s Is ple to elect Breckinridge, or Douglas, or Bell, oro f6 St Freeland Squires k Co %SMat Key West, by Capt. notoriety, b n t waa pnr- by a party of armedany other candidate, but such man as, after due deliberation, they deem best for the interests and tbe honor of the country. They a r e m e nReaderof Observer.. SOS teener k Hardenim -aw te gocians doing about finishing t h e conservative indicationofthepresent ofbettorcharacterandsounderjudgmentthan ingtonhavejustdiscovered. Thefactsofthe fusionthathasbeensohappilybegun?TheJ A H , 11, Cash, 11 8 00 burgh ........•... m te W,Colombia, Ga... 10 00 K.V. Sbotwail S teIthe members of conventions, or the members of - case a s stated are about these: I n 1854 Captsailedfromthis Congress;andtheyare better qualifiedto.se- Meigs,SuperintendentoftheWashingtonAque- dayssince,withBenWoodattheheadofittoUInGi<l» e«te exta i att at I*St ai f«aI fc oV Ea 3a ft •c a o d> city is given in theSyracuse m en appointed a committee a fowwoald have sustained aim bad bo been uomlaated by tea Democratic Convention; but bit present position divMaa 1andR.R.Cuyler,forSavannah;tovindicatetheirowndignityandthefree-year,notbeingabletocomplywithitsterms.youneverknowhowhefagoingtotornout;teapartyaadincreasestbechancesoftherepublicanTotal110 MS M WM A . BOOTH, Treasurer, M Front street.candidate. He did not regard Mr. hVeekiartde as a die unionist, but b is running endangers tee Union not with standteg, and ha has a o chance of an election before theAcquittalofJoseph(HirerKatie*, Pa., •tept. 1,1M0.ingofthe6thofJuly,witha gun. Oliverwrenchedthedefeat Lincoln, and they will rote In the way* 9 5 * * amgoiar verdict that the them money to carry on their canvass, and amounts due to them upon the contracts, and best to do this. One of the points to the the butt of it, killing him. Tbetrtel occupied six days.1,for Charleston; the.Potomac, for Bel-'JO,forPortland.Stephens, o fdom of theft choice, according to the intention Their sureties then made a sub-contract with a******Jr.,wasconcludedyesterday,New York bankers and merchants into givinggressforarecognitionoftheirclaimsforthegunfromhitbands,andstruckhtmoverMahead with Mate inten*t baa bean felt in tee result of tea trial.ineue •*•"•*before theGrandJurv young n-w—savetheStateofPennsylvania from theblack CongressreferredthemattertoSecretaryCobb, republicans. Thft to the old game, and there who awarded to the entire batch of claimantspresent political revolution is, that it may givelife to the hitherto inanimate electoral college,in order by a legal election to save the Houseof Representatives from thedisgrace itmay Sale of tea tar Power ateNiagara Valla bringuponitselfbybeingforcedtoattemptan NlAOABAfAUS,Baft1,USD.of the constitution, and to give a death blow to Mr. W . H . Degroot, w h o associated himselfthesystemwhichhassolongsupersededIt withMessrs.Stearns&Darling,andagreedto whetherhiscommitteedrawaprizeorablank; for, when the' election comes, the people willa.peachycrteriVTAngoZVthat" ****<»! "**g»*f*•*-** furnishthebricksInthetermsstipulated;but voteasonservativeUnionticketwithoutrefe- 8ute, in advocacy of the claims of Douglas to the I bold stand, they would save the country, and these parties also failed to supply the materials rence to the politicians, and they may just asTbe jury in tea case of Joseph Oliver, Indicted for the murder of John Phetzinger, after aa ananaot of half aaA synopsis of his remarks will be immortalize their names in American history. in the required quantities, and Capt Meigs was1ef tatspaper. compelledtopurchasethemelsewhere. Another well put ten Breckinridge men on itas four.cause of the death of PENXSTLTAXU POUTICUNS AND N E W YORK sub-contract was then made,with a third party, Nor will the-electors be bound by the dictation honr, brought la a verdict of not guilty this evening.MONET—The Pennsylvania politicians are of dead and rotten organizations to violate the Phetzinger was a private watchman in a placing mill. who also foiled to comply with its terms. Sub wishes of the people. They will be elected to Ha attacked Joseph Oliver aad Alfred Apple, on the morn-Beboa, ft., late of Brooklyn, who was al-toUsdeathatthehandsofhis againinthecity,endeavoring tohumbugthe sequently ailthese contractorslookedtoCon-are reasons as plenty as blackberries why ft should not be played now. Pennsylvania poli- ticians are shrewd fellows with other people'sIn t h e ftwt Presidential campaign fiftyor seventy five thousand dollars were the N ew York Hotel and sent to bntnobodyeverknewwhatbe-$29,534 1 9 , a s a n equitable discharge o f t h e claims.lt got into the pockets of the the large sum of $119.000-more thanMr.Day will immediately eottpUto the canal, readyand Mr.Spear,bavtogmanyoftes i l l intoofjwmultrtW.BS receipt af a large income. Is the year 1866 be paid a vwit to Mow Tart, sad married a lady togaged for tome years,tare but nmimr-* only a abort Ume, at Wcertain•• *«•I• doaf aIt snbeennnnili WP ^^•te^mw^pm»wm»am^rteen. oftiuttothe sum awarded by Mr. Cobb to ailthis decision of the Degroot case may be agreatsavingto the country; for, Ifwehafataxpayers, who suffer small politicians to mono- polize t b a bast plaoes under t h e municipalWashoe mines, thai Mr Soear was killeO. Tbe tattest motMemaateeltthofMayatthebona afteariver, about tut> Sveilake, froa Vtrgtem City. •republican administration, and a republican government So the affair may as well be set-Secretary o f War, in place of Mr. Floyd, thereUntitled Documentfj MfJM, (ttwfeaal bftMOaT Me rate of five tot»te tattlers eufbrsd aI by thou sever* teeM**ft no doubt bnt that they would have made reduced the amount one dollar. A sI made umaff frwads Ma AM O J U ttenxz-z'zz.'Z?:politicians' something like one of his own lot-tery tickets, either a blank o r a prize—and but in the present question it does not matterTheCommitteehaveforwardedS8.6O0,andwillreait par Arabia, on Wednetuay next, Ma funds received by twelve o'clock Tuesday.ObituaryMB. WILLIAM 8 . STSAB. OF MSW TOBX CTTT.Thetuhjeetofourpramstobituarynoticewasoneaf the many educated And talented young man who are urged, b7 an adventurous ditpoaition, to leave their qaJet tad elegant hornet it Ms Eastern States te take part a scenes of wild excitement among Me lawless aettiers aad semi-clvilized Indian tribes of the distant West,Mr. Spear wet a native of this city; his father, Mr.Beary Spear, bad a mederate fortune at tchant,andWasabletogivehissonaliberaleducaiiot. After graduating at Harvar 1 University, Mr. Spear be- came a student hi toe office of F. Talmadge, Esq., an i neatlawyerof MewYork. Alter puraaing bw*-J Mere tor some Ume, being of aa adventurous position, be toft Mew York,a reajoent of Newport, Kentack. where be resided time. Whenwar wasdeclared witnMexicobeleered hisservices,andwaa withMa army duringtb»' '—I-WPIWPMr.Degroot,itappears,wasnotcontentelection. TheHydrauliccanal,withseventyacresoftend,whitecampaign.WhenthenewsofthegolddiscoveriesteCd Borate sftsjrMte tea world, ha w n amongst the first w tewiththisdecision,andheprocuredaresolu tion to be passed by Congress Jane 16,1860, referring his case to Mr. Floyd, Secretary of War, who,after reviewing it. awardedhavebeensolongInlitigation,warefinallysoldbyauc- SockedMthemines,aadsettledhiDawatevtitetotattion here today, under an order orthe Suprems Ooortaa Tint JAPANESE ITEMS A T LAST.—We learn foreclosure of mortgage, aad In satisfaction of judgmentspring of I860 As the atlaese crowded to be but settling teetedteaosetaa to boundariesthat the famous committee having in charge the reception of the Japanese Embassy will present to the Common Council on Monday night tile items of the expenditure, amounting in all to $106,000. We presume that the billsto mining claims would be much more profitable toaverofH.H.Daytor$110,000,aadworeboughtonha workingisMeminet Feetwereatthattimelibbe vary true. There ft corrup- will pass both boards, and be paid withouttion enough at Washington to justify credence; and the Wllletfs Point case and the Fort Sai-much delay. The city has incurred the re-sponsibility; a n d i f the affair might have been ling case a » fresh in memory. But,afterall, dona bettor for less money, ft fa the fault of tbar part of'i860 he returned Me Washoe stiver minettoOnttbrainvMeMe* were sbaattteg p*»"»tled without farther grumbling, whioh has not be found vastlyaaawtor in-CWrf, 'tea ©rdwed Oaptaw Meigs to ate?oistKttv to »i4hhlw.,«moposrcuGolf to erntse offtiu>sooth of tee tftasisaipot toOr)<assCUbBStarsaadoenprt tksirreturn this is in uotn>e«neaoe of reports that tergs numbers «f who are anxious to Join General Walker inhastily preparing to leave. The President Issbtpsaaa might bring Ms parsoaal tte> Preairtpnt, and mat* aOfATfa*Ivwntinttenaunt isome party, and mean withal; It ft content withmoderate pickings; it has not the magnificenceand enlarged ideas of the republican party indealing with the public money; so that, afterall. the country may have made a clear savingofafowhundredthousanddollarsorsobythftmatter. | *0 tiaiKwsaxlactnanafBteteassMafaw-^wAii^Oliver's family te highly respectable general satisfaction.The verdict givesb y a systemHe (Stephens, differed with Mr. DeafA.CoklnokOo . . . . . . 2 00A. Iwlln k Ob. 26 00 Archibald Rea-el.... M MPeanaytvaaw Tort at parBaUroan,4 0 .S« t t eFloor excited. and »Wteat firm Western red, 1 1 * aH i t a SI te; Quutesrr. red, SI tea M t e ; ai Tf Cam aottve: yellow, TOc a tie.: wlTM Provwtone steady: mess port Si8 M a SIS 76 atI8«ca14c Coflbefirmat18*e.atieMr. Irudon 8.b\R,S10:P.A.E,6 00 H.W. dbotweC Ste JohnHTalmaa IISS 1*00 Mrs.Johna.Taiwan.Tf«Taos, teffera 100Oft Pre*byt'n0b,,Charles4ft Prrvioualyacknowledged*••••••••••«*•**•••• 0,7ftMA. A. Hodge, rrede- ericaburg.Ya.Sep* l,lto» to data, STITW.l.fSSI;* * award just four times $119,tO«, so that ffteThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069o»'.e*lywww.fultonhistory.com 