 'The propriety and the juttice of ceding these landsto jthe Confederation, to be thus parceled out into freeask independent States, having become the topic ofd»j«oesion everywhere in the colonies, Congress, in man as an appendage of the soil that he tilled, andmore than paid all coste and expenees incurred in its "tenants and slaves," instead of independent freeholdThe Kansas Correspondence of THE TRIBUNE and include overseers. Coarsenees. ignorarice, and a gen- otherFree-Statejournalsduringthebloodyeraof/55,'J JTftCirimniWWItrifii ~TI ' '" r76• mmjinrfimFIB-MMR FOR FREE USES, 4n•rural fireside"and. nA'agricultural life are the noblestaridjlheibest. "In tb^e obscurity of the\ fiotiagej far'r*-moved from the seductive influences of rank and alfttt- tbat give (security te'a government and form the real acres. •'•'-;' .,..;,.-".,., .:^A6W^ ..'•; Correspoiidcnee of The V. Y. Trlboue.^,.*-*«»»^<••••;v-x-vJA«PB3ECHG R O W ,.Tlje Govert»ment»oy'its existing land policy, hasthus cansed tobe abstracted froin the earnings of itshardy pioneers almost $1,700,000,000; for the niere w i -vilege of eojoying one of God'e bounties to mam Thislarge amount bos been abstracted from the BOBB of toil House of Commena, in 1775, to withdraw the BritishCHICAGO,Feb. 29, ISW. The Ottawa rescue case came up for trial yesterday,,J **S*ISKM* of ygftjtifi'f&Rqpr&eidative**Feb.29,I860.;'.' ; ,;.-""','"!>,,OF( 5 O N . 0 . A . o r PEJJIWYLVANIA,~ "15, IflM. '> SB ",i.i.. ,tho fruit of long years of injustice' and wrong. ThVseeds planted by fabe, pernicious legtslation, often re-quire aces to germinate and ripen into their,harvest ofruin and deatnu The most pernicious of all the balefulseeds of national existence is a policy that degrades itslabor;. Whenever agricultural labor becomes diohon-' J ' 3 LAWRENCE. orabte, it will,.of course, beconfine.d'tothose who have;no interest in the soil tbey till; aud when tbe laborer the eimpleneas of virtue, tne^integrity and courage/ ceuees to have any interest in the land he cultivates,Snics atV«0U-»•5s' 20^-00 Tennessc 30,000Missouri5,MX> do.... 5,©C0 do.,.. 3,000 ao.... 5,000 LouLnani 4,000 fcrie RR. $,«00 Erie RR-i.eco do.... 3,000 Harlem T 1,000 W M A - O IJ*tM~S. 1/J0C Galen* it 1.000 do.... 1TCC0 Mich- So10 Merchant*' 50 Pacific M»y50 Cst&tow Co aTh* Souse being in the Committee of the Whole en -&«st&teioftieXJxaoa,Mr.0aow said:without rendering any equivalent save a permit from the State to occupy a wilderness, to which not a day or hour cf man's labor had been applied to change it from• .•...'', '^ tHT.'CHAJKMA.V: At the close of the Revolution the the condition in which the God of Nature made it. Why edoniee claimed dominion, based upon their respective ?hoold Governments eeize upon any of the bounties of"the land. In the simplicity of their lives is foundCorrespondence W T b e N . Y . Tribune.L A WRENCE, Kansas, Feb. 27,1860.4»oJo»i*l grants from the Crown of Great Britain, over aa wdrmiied wi'demese of 220,Q(k),000 acres of land, «tesdmg to the HiiwisKippi on the wert, and the Oan- a^aa ohthe north. The disposition of these lands be- came a spbj**!1 of controversy between the coloniesGod to man, and make them a source of revenue 7 While the earth was created for the whole human fam- ily, and was made itR abiding-place through the pil- grimage of this life, and since the hour of the primal curse, " In the Bweat of thy face shaft thou eat breid." man has been forced to the cultivation of the soil to ob- tain subnatence iorhimselfj and the means of promot- ing the welfare of the race, w h y should governments"of frjeedom. Theee true, genuine sons of the soil he ceases to have a stake in the advancement and good"are invincible." '•'.'..*'. " ; order of society, for he has nothing to lose, nothing to Investigation Committee at Washington, in which theevt n before the Confederation, and w a s an early ob-stacle to the organization of any government for the wrest from him the right to apply his labor to sucb un-country and the vindication of its honor, with the same zeal and alacrity that it guards the hearthstone and tbe fireside. Wherever Freedom has unfurled her banner, the men who have rallied around to sustain aid uphold it have come from the workshop and the field, where, inured to beat and to cold, and to all the inclemenciespr«i* ctioE of their common interests.The colonics whose charter from the Crown extend-occupied portion of the earth's snrface as may he neces- sary for lus support until he has contributed to the rev- enues of the state, any more than to permit him to breathe the air, enjoy the sunlight, or quaff frota theAccordingly we have had the Oberlin case reenacted! m Chicago, Some of the best and purest men in Illi- nois have been langmsbing in prison, though every body respects them as good men. Strange that a coon*•w'pfcfid •"•.50TX.Y.Cent:I5her delegates, in Congress:" Tbataeoontry nitwitted at th© wmme-aonmnA of tMj war, •tain tc\>? th~ Biiii»h Crowe, and ceded to it by the treaty at Paii», if vrx"*:*& from Cue cosoxoon enemy by th« blood and toeasure of the thirteen State*, »boold bo oonsidered &* a com- monproperty,subjecttobeparceledoatbyCongress,intofree.eonTcuivtit, and inaependttat government*. In such manner, and at »uo-b tts»«i» the wisdom of tbat A»**mbly shall hereafter di- J e e VASO:300 150 1502095 -20*SCOdo.-»..do!).... do .... dodo....do .... do..-.,ed over nose of the unoccupied lands claimed, in thelanguage of the instructions of Maryland in 1779, to rills and rivers of the earth Y It would he just asof liberty." ,* * * " To put on. end forever to all partial andwhose life, liberty, and happiness were but means of orfler to*allay the controversy and remove the only re- increasing the pleasures, pampering the passions andan'd''5'6,- basalready passed from the province of news eral want of manliness in hia bearing, would be vour hold these lauds, it would be adverse, to a sound na- accomplish so desirable a result, by securing to the pio- to that of history, corroborated and demonstrated by firirt impression. Bad grammar, and a great lack ofmaining" obstacle to a final ratification of the Articlesef! Confederation, declared by retolutios, on the 10thappetites of his liege lord—and, having once found a place in the books, it has been retained by the rev- erence which man is wont to pay to the past and tohis'own Messages as Governor under the Topeka Consti- tution, by the testimony taken before the Congressional Kansas Committee, by Gov. Geary's History of Kan-October* 1780:*'f Tbat tbe nnapproyrfated land* which may be ceded or re- time-honored precedents ? The human mind is so con-have given but Uttle thought to the subject, as leveling and agrarian.. When was there ever an effort made, since the world began, to wrest from power its ill-got-Just a fehade meaner looking was the jailor of Union County, Albright, who sto>cl beside Phillips to be sworn.. He bas been assisting kidnappers by giving;ih^uiahetto tbe United States by any particular State**" * * * '• " iball be disposed of for tbe oommon benefit of the United Stttea; and be *«tued and formed into distinct republican States, which *hali beoemo members of the Federal Union, and have tb« «(ume ricbu of sovereignty, freedom, and independence, as the other ntatea, fcc That the suid land* thiU be granted or settled at suck timesand under such regulation* a* thou hereafter •* ap-re*d On by the United State* in Congress assembled, or nine or mirre o / ikftn."{!« pursuance of the provisions of this resolution, Jfew-Xork, "Virgiaia. Massachna-itts, Connecticut. South Carolina, jSTortn Cirolina, and G'wrgia, ceded thjsrr claims, inclndrng title and jurisdiction to the wftete lands, as they were called, onteide of their re-SfJective State limits; all of them, except Georgia and Sjoxth Carolioa, without axjy conditions annexed to tfaeir respective grants, save those contained in the re- eointivn «f Congress just referred to. The reserva- tion in the grants of Georgia and North Carolina were n<:t, hovcev«r, as to the future ditpotdtion of the lands, bat u sondiiion that Slavery shou d not be prohibitea thjerein by Coagrees. The territory thus conditionally tfjsnted xi contarced'-withta the States of Tcnnosgee, Jdjiesissippi and Alabama. With the exception of thestituted that it is prone to regard as right what has come down to us approved by long usage, and hal- lowed by gray age. It is a claim that had its origin with the kindred idea that royal blood flows only in the veins of an exclusive few. whose souls are more" ethereal, because born amid the glitter of courts, and cradled amid the pomp of lords and conrtiers; and, therefore, they are to be installed as rultrsandlawfivers of tbe race. Most of the evils that afflict society ave bad their origin in violence and wrong enacted into law bv the experience of the past, and retained by the prejudices of tbe present.Is it not time yon swept from, the statute-book its stil;-lingering relics of feudalism? bletted out the principles engrafted upon it by the narrow-minded policy of other times, and adapted the legislation ofbut it has beenmeVwifh the shout of leveling and agra- short, 'by a mass of testimony too overwhelming and men into the State Prison; but the Jaws of this State dome; but in the intelligence, comfort, and happiness rian? That is the alarm cry of the devotee of the past, irrefragible to admit of denial or doubt. • Gov 'Robin- for years have been violated with impunity by menideas of man's rights and relations to his Government ? For if a roan has a right on earth, he bas a ri^ht to land enough tq rear a habitation on. If he has a right to live, he has a right to the free use of whatever na- tt&ntd of Korth Caroiina and Georgia (and the reser- ture has provided for his sustenance—air to breathe,firetside happy, raise the fallen from their degrada'ion, name was made eynonymous with infamy; as arch defending himself from the charges made in the testi- elevate the eervile from their groveling pursuits to the disturbers of all that- was good in society, till Niebuhr mony, and reflecting severely upon Robinson for allow- rights and dignity of men, you must first placs within tore off the vail of two thousand years of obloquy, ing his private prejudices and animosities to lead him to their reach the means for supplying their pressing phys- find vindicated to'future times their memories as true sucb unwarrantable declarations.ical wantt», so that 'religion can exert its influence on de-ienderB of the rights of the people, and advocates Robinson, wbo was present, was called to the etaad the soul, Jind soothe the weary pilgrim in his pathway of tbe best interests aud glory of their country. Such to reply. He commenced by accusing Phillips of hiv- to the tomb. has been tbe fate of the world's reformers. Is it not ing always libeled him in his correspondence, but wentThe oldest well, leaeed from the Pennsylvania Rock Oil Company by tbe Seneca Oil Company, is doing a re- gular bwnees of 500 gallons of pure oil per day. Col*-. Drake issinking another well in the immediate vicin- ity of the former, with every prospect of success.One mile below, Crossley*&, Co. have found abun- dance of oil, but are not barreling any at present. A few rods below, Stackpole <fe Fletcher have found, iaagelook hopeful! New-York C\ vanced eteadil were made h bany now are the Lf gialatur so compensate Road will notactive. TLi» t than,during-tfc Vanderbilt. ;. spasmodical:/ not sustain t to 19J.. In the ly in Galena astrong. Gaier port which w< could be antu trader purch:i# an advance of also buoyant, ingwassustac igan Central &nd all the ing appear buyer sixty; floating lots wBond Marke- ' Government s very much re orders for the:Louisiana 6s i the rumors i provement oi much activi* y, gage Bon<*». proved i^cei " business the n Virginia 6s, 9-•'-C mpany, 10J 16; Pacific Ma 71J®72; Erie road, 391^39 Preferred, o'l'i gan Central and Uorthen anieed, VI' nois Central Railroad, 5o4 19i^l9|; Cl 635; IllinoUI n E x c b a n j naUy as bet'of-5.15. Freights :o150 tea. Btcf per steamer, on private t .<Tcn: 500- 11 boxes Clcts*abales Baco*" 5s. To Bra Rosin at 3c>.'l: Orleans to Li grrmll VO&tvi f< phrasia, 13 5 $9,000.The bu$iu€ .'. $486,564 90.^88 70—Trei 084 55.The butir.< •—$32,221,7$have been cent prem.tomoney,esj rates "of iotei notice, private1874 at 101, holders of tli< road will he sau &treet,.n Preeideht.The Cinoinj incroase iu gers.vations even in those relating only to the form of their water to drink, and land enough to cultivate for his tytare government), ths pttblic unda claimad by the uubw&tence; for these are the necessary and indis- colonies at the close of the revolution, v*ere ceded to pensable means for the enjoyment of hie inalienable t&e General Government to be settled and disposed of rights of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap- •*i under• tuch regulations as shall hertafter be agreed piness." And is it for a Government that claims to *' an by the- United Stales ht Congress assembled." dispense equal and exact jubtice to all classes of men, i Since that time the Government has acquired, by ana that has laid down correct principles in its gieatWhatjuctice eon there be in the legislation of a frme tbat we learned wisdom from" the chronicles Of on to cay that h"s entire testimony before the Commit-country by which the earnings of its Tabor are ab- the past, and ceased a blind reverence for customs or tee, eo far as; Phillips aud the other correspondents addition to a fine thow of oil, a very strong salt well,.treaty, ef France, the Louisiana purchase; of Sp*in, the Florida*; of Mexico, Utah, New-Mexico, and Cili- iorma; containing, altogether, over twelve hundred million acres of land. So tbe General Government, by eetMcns from the original Ststes and purchases fromother nations, has acquired, exclusive of water, as com- putedby the Ommfesiocer of the Land Office, fourteen hundred and fifty million acres of public Inuds; of ^hiahtnere have"been soldj to Septenber 30,1809, one hundred andfort-f-teven million eighty-eight thousandcbatt of human rights, to violate those principles, and its solemn declarations in its legislative enactments ?stracted for any purpose without returning an equiva- institutions because of their gray age 7 Why should .wt.re concerned,was not given from his own personal making two ounces of salt to the gallon of water* lent 7 But as a question of revenue merely, it would not the American statesman adapt the legislation of knowledge, bat mereiy as hearsay tes.imony, and aa Tbe oil IK of no disadvantage to the salt water, as itbe to the advantage, of the Government to grant these the country to the development, of-its material re- told by Redpath to him (RobinsonK The Committee separatee more perfectly than the fresh water springs.lands in homesteads to actual cultivators, if tin reby it sources, the promotion of its industrial interests, and asked him whsit Redpath bad told him, and he wasSwo hundred and eeventy-fonr acres; and otherwise PdiBpoped of i"1 grants and donations to individual i, cor-twelve dollars per year.earnings of labor, without rendering an equivalent.The next well is the famous "McClintoek well," Brewer, Wateon & Co. proprietors. The oil from thiff well, daily, is variously estimated from 1,000 to 1,200)mclnding.grants rince 30th June, 1»57, t w o hundred sponsible for all the evils tbat may result from specula-almost wholly from duties on imported articles con-sumed in the country, the amount collected depends lator, in addition to all the other disadvantages th at that they affected not only himself, but also the cause of the banks of Oil Creek. They have a quantity o£ upon the quantity consumed.. On an average each ever beset the unequal struggle bet ween the bones a id Republican Liberty1. The minions of Slavery hadand forty-one million seven buxdred and seveniyJh#a*>tion and land monopoly in your public domain. For itpying the exalted position of Governor of Kansas, and ing bored, eome twelve wells on the choice pomts along?sand and fifty-two acres-jeiving of pubiic lan!ed»^) is not denied that Congress bas the power to makesinews of men and dollars and cents, what wonder ia oil lands on the Caldwell Creek, one of the tributariesit that misery and want so often sit at his fireside, and crowded round eld John Brown as he lay wounded of Oil Geek. The indications on this latter stream; and a prisoner upon the prison floor at Harper's Perry, are nearly as good as any yet discovered. They arepenury and Borrow surround his deathbed ? and had sought to elicit from him something,tbat might also the leeeees of the Indian Reservation in the State:-sL-*B5*%-453f A$$ ^Gov»TrntJ*ent and to the epfcufetor for tneee' Iands,;-i* ' noblest tmpuTseB of man's nature, tne^ influences of a^ ^ r l l ^ f l 4JUL JpfX-KSI ARCH J>, 1S0OUi^_i•liwAthfcViw******** *t*».*y-***>>the foregoing estimate of pKces b«i •correctj l ^ w i * $1.1383,646,442 90, of wnloh $88,6^63^ 90}ha«>been pasd, mneirjevenns, into>theT^aer^of the;TJniied Statue—thebalancetobe absorbedbyWiesnecn'atqr.,;,,• M mrithtfol, were it possible to be done, to survey, the at-mosphere off into quarter sections, and transfer it byparchment titles; divide the sun into quantum of rays,and dole it out to groping mortals at a price; orarch over the waters of the earth into vast reser- voirs,andsellittodjiugmen.Inthelanguageacieshehasbequeathedtohisconntry. • of remarks heretofore made on this subject; why has:mony of labor, by preventing its absorption into large ihem before the Committee was entirely uulooked-fo'r,so do.... .fi,000Mbwoorij5,000 do... 10,000 do.. JC,COO Tonnes*-.3 CO) CabforDu 6.000 K.-C&roUi 3.001Virginia£3,000 Harlem B 3t0fX) Micfa. O i 1st Mfge. S- 4J,000 CULitCbi.20BankofN<-» 6 Market Baiii SDeLfeHud*.160 doJ 5 0 Canton Cou00- ' do..... .100 Pacific M. S. 100 Corr Improi , 1 5 0 N : y . Centr.50 do2S ! d o . . . .There TO four fctocks, healthy and 3 ered to cot,**:* bearjobbers< which has cl past month, shown to'the with which tl decline,, appebears to exthis claim of man to monopolize any of the gifts ot God to man been confined, by legal codes, to the soil alone 1 Is there any other reason tlian that which, having its origin in feudal times—under a system that regardedowner of the man "Jim," and prosecuting witness, Phillips, is one of the unpromising looking speci- mens of the slaveholding class, even if you were td,tional policy to uo so; for the real wealth of a country neer a home en the public domain at the bare cost o sense were his principal characteristics when hat •consists not in the sums of money paid intothfe treasury,( survey and transfer, is often rejected, by .those who the History written by Gov. Robinson's own wife; by tefctified.•9 ana everyone in the House, with a single exception, for the benefit of capital; for not an hour's labor has Government of the settler for the land, would enable onfiiigas?and second-hand slanders against his Kansas coadjutors oil territory, and tbe excitement in the vicinity of Oil and compeers 7 Such testimony was not fit even for a Creek to secure claims, with a good surface show of oil,common Justices' Court. Ana why should Charles was never so great. One year a/o, and this quiet val-ley knew scarcely anything of the outside world, ex- character and actions ? When he (Phillips) came to cepting whit was reported by merchants returning;was for the homestead. Of all the Repreaen natives of been applied to the land since it was sold by the Gov- him to famish himself with the necessary stock andi tn- - *fce( slave States, but three in the House voted for it, ernment, nor is it more valuable to the settler. Has plcmenta to commence its cultivation.andi but two at any time in the Senate. So the Demo- not the laborer a right to complain of legislation thatcratic paity, as a party, arrayed itself in opposition to j eoropeJs him to endure greater toils and hardships, or opening all.tbe avenues of trade, and of subduing theF « ID*this beneficent policy. The Republican party, on the other hand, is committed to this measure by its votea in ConcresSj by iis resolves in State Conventions, and by it* devotion to the great central kfea of its existence—the rights and interests of free labor.Early in this session I introdeccd a bill, which cow awaits th* action of the Hoo«e, providing that any person who is 21 years or more old. or who is the headFor the purposes of education, building railroads, contribute a portion of his earnings for the benefit of wilderness, the best disposition to be made of theseRobinson go to James Redpath, to learn his (Phillips's)Kaneas in 1855, he came as a peace-man, at-d hardly from the East, and the thirty or forty copies of THEper acre, if the same have n^t been offeree for sale. tinent to the point under discussion, not otherwise. I." From the earliest times of Rome, it had been the custom of the Romans, when tbey subdued any of the nations in Italy, to deprive Ibeui of a part of tb*ir territory. A portion of tuetemore than fen years; if for a longer period, then at a less pr .ee, aecoTdnjg' to the length of time thoy may have been in tbe mariet. Thus, under the existing policy, thereisno restraint on land monopoly. The Roth3- fohil6Bt Barings, or any other of the world's million- aires, may become the owners of untold acres of our public-ddmam, to be resold to the settler, or to be heldas an investment for future speculation.Congress, as the toustee of the whole people, as vested, by'the conc'iticn of the grants from the Statesam not arguing any question about land-wan-ants, butThe Government had received from the sales of the 1 public lands, as appears from the report of the Commie-towns and crimsoned fields, but along the lanes and by-ways of. human misery and woe, where tbe bones• • • - - - c o < o «o t j r f o l ^ ' W o to *-'Jn co *.coc«^-oec>uowioep-j» to —i-1 to co jS ;n v-i 3 jotime, would make thegross amvuut received from tht- lands to JSeptenxber 30, 1859 $180,619,638 90; while the entire cost. Including purchase money, extinguish-to18OftbeWflS&rWZactea sold by the Gbvernment, not more than one-naif of it. probably, was bought at \ '\ Oovernn>em'rates by the actual cultivator; the other iaif, I assume, cost the cuHivator, on an average, at least $4 jsMraere'over the Government price. So he wdnldp*r> on 73,544,136 aexes, being one-half the quantitymShj theG^erDnWt,$294,176,044. On tn^ 241:770,052 acres donatedTto individual? com- paijies, fod-T States, inelndinV over 70,000,000 »crps for am^ol pnrposea, and ovsr 50,000,000 acresfor railroaoVand internal improvement*, Xassume that the cultivator nrust pay on an average for these landsvice and crime to virtue and honor, give him a home— give luma hearthstone, and hd will surround it with~oi to CDi--"ia 4>~Ci.eo"tT'~w O^-1 CO-»to ( Q I — h - i ^ . ^ S < o e o f e £ 5 * e o * t p - . i jtmtmmmnJ* tO ^4 IO t—» (- -I^>k 8*»corf.oe05D»-'C5Co*.eotn'r ti»to e•-6^-ciOtO-4COX^'CO — C0(>3C0SP.. a o a aB a a •» o x• g B o a •Yours, &a, Cal, Jan. 20, I860., banking a»«ocia ' eneraTtr* locatj irition formed 1; State, tt shall i. ' ipiivingof »-ircij tions as may retioa..ihe capitalist? But not upon the capitalist or the J-peculator is it proper that the blame should fall. Man muft seek a livelihood, and do business under the laws of the country; and whatever rights ho may acquirelan<Js is to grant them in limited quantities to the set- tler, and thus secure him in his earnings, by which he would have the means to surround himself with com- fort, and make his fireside happy; to erect the school--l—* fajno>wto•—*" 2-B »> ^^•-"• - c o s ?* I I CD Osi?s I-o e OQB ~%2prepared even to forcibly resist the Missouri usurpa-tion. At Robinson's solicitation he first took up armsTaiiu;NE which were weekly received; nowwegefc the Semi-Weekly and Daily.l * « * * * » w - v * * ' •*"under the laws, though they may be wrong, yet the house, the church, and allfthe othdr ornaments of a well-being of society requires that they b e reepected higher civilization, and rear hia children edacated and-J *• >- jn S3 i; M 5v to K KJ S M _,P>j- | i — • 4 n ^ - c j o o - - w i - J c c t o - 4 05 cr o O C O © "-S «O- s © o o ^ o o o o c o owent at the imminent risk of his life tr> their camp, ingreat demand; the local trade has increased to more thanand faithfully observed. If a person engage in a busi-ness legalized and regulated by the laws, and uses no only add to tbe revenues of tbe General Government fraud or deception in it* pureuit, and evils result to the and the taxable property of the new States, but willcommunity, let them apply the remedy to the proper increase the productive industry and commerce of the source; that is, to the law-making power. The laws whole country, while strengthen'ng all theelements ofdisguise, and learned the condition of the ruffian army, fourfold what it was in the Fall. Capital is being in-and the plans of its leaders. For a year and a half vested in largo amounts. The people here have no during these troubles no two men were more intimate idea of depriving themselves of the advantage arisingthsn himself and Robinson. from the influx of strangers, and seem willing and de« In the Spring of 1857, Robinson himself, against sirous that all who choose should share their opportu-of a family, may enter 160 acres ot any land subject topreemption, or upon which he may have a preemption«Jaim, and, by cultivating the same for five years, shallbe entitled to a patent from the Government, on thepayment of the usual fees of the land office, and ten and the law-makers are responsible for whatever evils national greatness.Phillips's judgment, still clung to .the idea of putting the Topeka State Government in motion, withdrew his resignation of the Governorship, and made arrange- m e n t s t o h a v e a c o d e o f l a w f r a m e d i n a d v a n c e o f t h e meeting of the Legislature in June. After Robinson had thus inaugurated this movement and had induced PhDlips,Conway,and otherstocommitthemselvest<$ it, and to accept offices from the people under the p l e d g e t o p u t t h e G o v e r n m e n t i n t o o p e r a t i o n , h o d e - serted it, and left them in the lurch. During the whole of the Kansa s troubles, while he and Ro trinson were on the most intimate terms, he had been far le3s radi- cal and revolutionary in his views than Robinson; yet, in view of all these facts, knowing them as he did, Robineon had gone before that Committee, aud had vil- ified him by repeating accusations against him of con- spiracy and revolution. Even if Kedpath had ever made such statements to Robinson, still Robinson must have known that they were false, aud knew it when/he was giving his testimony before the Commission.Astothe charge in Robinson's testimoay that he (Phillips) had ever boasted that, through his connec- tion witn the Pregs, he could " make or unmake any man," it was utterly and unqualifiedly false. But, as hewasonthepoint,hewouldsaythatif, inhiscon- nection with the Preua, he had ever made more of any one man than God Almighty had made, the one soli-tary exception was Charles Robinson. He did it, however , jgnorantly, and only until Robinson had taught him to know him for what he really was..Thecffoat of Prrillips's speech was tremendous. Rob- inson attempted a reply, denying that ho had madeaay charges against Phillips, and laying all the blame on RedpUth'a shoulders. A fcentleman in the audience asked Robinson whether he indorsed those charges of Redpa'.h's ? " Of course not," said Robinson.Lane made a closing speech, an*, seizing the subter- fuge' that Robinson was compelled to repeat Redpath's slanders, tore it to shreds. " 3Tou knew those state- ments O' Redpath were false, yet you gave dignity and currency to them. If compelled to recite them how easy it would have been for you to haye told the Committee that they were falee. But did you object even ? I put the question to you, did you even ob- ject 1" Robinson made no reply, and Lane giving its full force to tbe point that Robinson had. without even objecting, retailed hearsay testimony, which, from the very nature of the case, he could not but havo known was /alee, pressed it with such power that Robinson, becoming excited and exasperated, retorted bitterly that he did believe Redpath's 'statements were true, thus contradicting his former declaration, revealing the real animus of his whole testimony.Mr. Phillips's vindication was most complete.haB, I learn, sent to Washington for a certified copy of Robinson's testimony, in order to ascertain what he really did ewear to, andwhether his statements were made as original, or whether he Bought the more prudent but less manly resort of second-hand vilifica-tion and retail slander. It is needless to say that in Kaneas, no man standH higher for integrity of charac- ter than Wm. A. Phillips. His bo1 d ana uncompro- mising political career, and especially his implacable opposition to all schemes of peculation and plnndor, have made him many bitter enemies; but among the people at large. hevis held in the,highest esteem.Fearful that his modesty would prevent him from givingafullaccountofameetingwherein he figured so prominently, and yet feeling that it was important •batthecountryshould understandtbatthogrossmis- representations of Gov. Robinson's testimony in regardte the full and accurate Kansas correspondence of TMK TninuNE, were promptly met and exposed in the very home of the author, I have thought proper to pen the above. KAKSAS.nities of making a fortune. Now four-horse coached daily over the road arc insufficient to accommodite the travel, whioh has heretofore been accomplished with s,dollars to cover the cost of survey ing and managing.The land policy, as now conducted, permits thePresident, in nis discretion, to expose to puolic sale, byproclamation, any or all Of the public lands, after thesame are surveyed. Every pernon settled on the landsso advertised for atd^, must, before the day fixed in•be proclamation of the President, pay for his lauds, ort f c e y a r e l i a b l e t o b e B o l d t o a n y b i d d e r w h o o f f e r s$1 25, or more, j>er acre. During the lays of salefixed by the President, any one can purchase, at $1 25•per acre, as many acres of land, not before preempted,as he desires, selecting his own location. The landsnecessarily grow out of their enactments.In order to secure to labor its earnings, sofar as is The first step in the decline of empires is the neglectpossible, by legitlati re action, and to strengthen the of their agricultural interest, aud with its decay crumbles national power. It is the great fact stampede l e m e n t s oi" n a t i o n a l g r e a t n e s s a n d p o w e r , w h y s h o u l d o n a l l t h e r u i n s t h a t s t r e w t h e p a t h w a y o f c i v i l i z a t i o n . not the legislation of the country be so changed as to When the world's unwritten history Bnall be correctlyt o — >->J. -1 - u a re M -i (Cprevent lor the future the evils of land monopoly, by settingapart thevastandunoccupiedterritoriesofthe Union, and consecrating them forever in free homes for Xrtemen?Mr. MAYNA:RI>—May I be allowed to aek my friend from Pennsylvania a question?7dr. Gnow—Certainly.Mr. MAYNARD—Iti» this: whether he is in favor, ordeciphered, the record of the rise, progress, and fall of empires, wiil bebutthehistoryof the rise,develop- m e n t , a n d d e c l i n e o f a g r i c u l t u r e . H o o k e , i n d e s c r i b i n g the condition of agriculture among the Romans more than two thousand years ago, the process of abaurption of the lands by the rich', and their consequent cultiva-tion by slaves, furnishes the •• student of history wiMa tho secret canoes that underlined the empire arid de-BEES,SHEEP AND FRUIT IN NIA.CALIFthat remain unsold at the expiration of the days of salefixed by the President, are subject to private entry; otherwise, of allowing the old soldier or his assignee to stroyec its liberties. I read from book 8ix, chapter'w^<"oo"co *."!-. jn"co'oil-' *.1-.'Vol4 25pSISf,di$Sg2p•W « . c o m m e n d t h e f o l l o w i n g i n t e r e s t i n g l e t t e r t o t h e a t t e n t i o n o f shippers of bees and sheep to California. It also contains infor- mation of value to all oi our readers in the Atlantic State*:H O N E Y B E E S . To the Editor of The A". Y. Tribune.Sin: Those who contemptate shipping, should pre- pare tbe hives before they are removed. Bring'young, healthy swarms, with plenty of bees and honey, in hives, from 12 to 14 inches square, full of comb and well supported by sticks. Bore a 2-inch hole through the top and one each side of the hive, and cover with a wire screen. Abo cover the bottom of the hive with a screen rather coarse, but not so open as to let out the bees- Transport in cars and on wagons, with the top end down. On the boat, right side up. Keep them ia asr coolaplaceandasquietaspossible;iathedarkifyou! can, and feed tbem nowater, noranything, on the way*If they are detained at Panama, let them out, to empty their sacks—it will do them good; aud then clean out the dead bees. As soon as they arrive at Sart Francisco, open each hive without delay, aud let them fly. Give them a chance to pitch into some of the de-- serted hives of honey. Clean out all the dead bees,millers, and worms.It is better' to transfer them into other hives at your ,convenience. One swarm of California bees will bring; as much money as three brought from New-York. Oa tbe average, more than one-third die on the way, and one half of the live ones are very unhealthy whenv they reach here. Several hundredswarms have beet* sold here and in Sacramento within a month, at auc- tion, from $10 to $30 per hive. Good Eastern a warms will not fetch over $2o now, at private sale.SHEEP.This is a great country for raising sheep and woeLThe market is now overstocked with sheep from New- York, Ohio, and Vermont. Good eheep for breed, have »old at' extravagant prices, but for the last two months no sales have been made. At present go<xl> liue-wooled and mutton sheep can be bought at East- ern prices. There is no profit in fetching them te sell; the cost ie about $70 per head-by eteaner, Fanam*that is, any person can enter at the land office any or locate hie land warrant on the public domain acven, of his History of Kome. volume two, page all of the lands, that are at that time unsold, at $1 25 Mr. GROW—I always answer questions tbat are per- 522:•r'fipo-i is inabout the proper disposition to be made of the publiclards. I co not see the applicability of the gentleman's lands was sold, and t i e rest given to tho poorer citizens, on con-j>._»oj^_eo^t» O}yo>**a 5a w S.2.SSditions, says Appitn, of their paying annually a tenth of the com question,anUmustthereforepassitby,asIdonotwish andafifthor'thofruitsoftrees,beside acertainnumberof gr^ati<o<oto •-'nooo'c toa o -i &i-isofo^.<oeco>< •u»oico'->toiTitiN.5-n3O C — CVCJitvIC&l. cn-icstniotoji&t.-1'i„-w*. -'cnco~-'-jco»n^ ) K ^ 4 . C o ^ t o o - » ) i ^ K > ^ i o l n - l c oto be diverted from my argument.Mr. MAYNARR—The gentleman is mistaken aboutand small cattle In proc^&s of time, the rich, by various mean**, got possession of the land* destined for the subsistence of tho poor." * * * " The'rich and the mighty contrived to pos- sess themselves of the lands of their poor neighbors. At firsttbe object of my question.Mr. GROW—I would provide in our land policy for they held these acquisitions ur.der bqrrovyed names; afterward>t»oo>>entn»0"jto»fjitx»j<OK. 05eoOS?4PC2S?C'^><^,#-S •» i-i« a osecuring homesteads for actual settlers; and whatever opwnly iu their own. To cultivate the farms, they employed bounties the Government should grant to. the old fortigo slaves; so tbat Italy was In danger of losing its inhab- soldier*, I would have made in money and not in land itantuof free condition (who bud no encouragement to marry,< 5 p o a o I S M > o o o ||88to•J»ud no means to educate children?, and of being oveiruu with and by the Constitution itself, with the sole discretion^ warrants, which aro bought in most cases by the slaves and baroaiians, that had neither affection for the republictoM .•ary power of disposing of these lands. But, in/theexercise of a sound discretion, it becomes its d&ty todispose of them in the w a y that will best promote thegreatnessand glory ofthe Republic. Andhow canS a t be accomplished to well as by a policy that willsecure them in limited quantities' as to the actual culti-vator, at the least possible cost, and thus prevent theevils erf a*sy«fem of land monopoly—one of the direst,deadliest curves that ever paralyzed the energies of aspeculator, as an easier and cheaper mode of acquiringtbe public lands. So they only facilitate bind monopoly.The men who go forth'at the call of their country touphold its standard and vindicate it* honor, are deserv-nor inter est in her preservation." Tiberius Gracchus,' now a Tribune of the people, undertookto remedy these disorders." •'• * * * * * * •'ISever, saysPlutwcb, was proposed a law more mild and gentle against iniquity and oppression; yet the rich made ato co i-> ' Gi*»-c>co--er.co- ci *• u-• *5 e* ]»«. en o M M >-• * *. to M030«C''1 COt»&rin the Old*W>ridis written in sighs and tears. Underits influence yon behoJd there the proudest and mostsplei did aristocracies side by aids with the moot ab-columns. No monument marks the scene of deadly strife; no stone their resting place; the winds sighing throogb tbe branches of the forest alone sigh their• C CO88IS" ^^l^i^OK^-'w'ipbooo"»>.'J^JRepublic. The achievements of your pioneer army, danger of filling Italy with »Uve»." * * *men are dying beside th* inclcsnre for the want ofland to tiB. Under its blighting influence you behold from the Atlantic seaboard to tbe present hour, have een; a man unq'ua ifiedto serve in war to a soldier; an alien to a industry fa* rags, and patience in despair.' Sach are been the ach'evenienta of science and civilization number of the Republic; and which th«-y thought would befrom the day they first drove back the Indian tribes" He o*kcd the rich whether they preferred a slave to a clti-QQ"*more zealous for its interest ? Thon, as to the misery of tho poor:1The wild beasts of Italy have caves and dens to shelter tnon; <but tbe people, who expotd their lives for the defeuse of Italy. • we allowed uottieg but the light and air; they wander up and « down -with their w v e s and children, without house aud without <habitation- Our generals mock the soldiers when, in battle, they • exhort them to right for their sepulchors and their household <gods; for, ainong all that great number of Romans, there is not 1 ene who h«<s either a domestic alur or a »epulcuer of hia aucos- <tois. 1 hey 'fight and die, Bolely to maintain tho riches and »luxury of others; and aTo styled the lords of the universo,'whiio i th«j have not a single foot of ground in their possession.'"Smith, in the second volume, page 291, of his Greek and Roman Biographical Dictionary, speaking of Tibe- sjoner of the Land Office, to Jane 30, 1853 *I40 OSM and sinews'of men are struggling with the elements, rins Gracchus, and the reasons for his proposed legis-478, towfckk add $38,336,160 90, received s i n c e ' ^ with the unrelenting obstacles of nature, and the no, lation, says:s5«;: i-SfeSSif*otoeoiib» fruits of land monopoly iu the Old World; and shanve permit its seeds to vegetate in the virrin sou of the .New T Onr present system is subject toHi e eyns, not-eo great in magnitude perhaps, but similar iu Kina.Of the 388,858,325 acres of land disposed of by the Ck>vernn^nt to September 30, 1859, 147,088,273 acres were soldfor cash and241,777,052 acres were donated in grants to individuals, corporation*, and States.over the elements, the wilderness, and the savage. If rewards or bounties are to be granted for true heroism in the progress of the race, none Hs more de- seivingthan the pioneer who expels the savage and the wild beast, and opens in the wilderness a home forscience and pathway for civilization. " Psace batfi ber vlctorie"»Ho lean renowned than wsr.,;The paths of glory no longer lead over emoking'<->o.OJ>-»''oo^-'to'<OCO<w- rf. CO 7-1 *O O O I O I O J>, eaki ,!.•_• O O 'S3 O C»less unmerciful obstacles of a false civilization. Th - noblest achievement in this v>orlds's pilgrimage is t rake the fallen from their degradation; soothe th" B i s brother Cains related, In some of his works, that Tibe-rius, on his march to Spain, in (B. C.) 187, us he wan passing eo through Etruria, observed with grief and indignation the de- serted state of that fertile country; thousands of foreign slaves ino< to <o x c 1 ft CO O 4- tO 4- ( 'J*mmi w a « . ) aS— en -i -i co -i t» to cp »<-•, ,:i-<»H r J»J- J-*»i»*o>—/entpo coto—cp•ing of Indian title, Bnrveyinfir and managing, has been broken-hearted, dry the tears of woo, and alleviat chains were employed in cultivating the land and tending the•for the sasueperiod, $91,994^)13, leaving a net revenue to the Government, over and above alf cost, of $88 - 625,625 90: with 136,970,941 acres jurveyed but unsold of wbk& WOO^waerfcs are subject to private entry.flocks upon the immense estates of the wealthy, while the poorer cUsscs of Roman citizens, who were thus thrown out of em- ployment, bud tcarcoly their dully breud, or u clod of earth to culltheirown. HeissaidtohavdWin rouaodthroughthatcir- ; cuni8(»nc* to exert himself in endeavoring to remedy thU evil "Hadthepolicyadvocated byGracchus,of diatribut- ug the public lands among the landless citizens of the If you would lead the erring back from the paths of nation, been adopted, the Roman field-j would have been cultivated hy frco men instead of slaves, and there would have heen a race of men to stay the household gods. If you would make men wiser and ravages of the barbarian. The eternal city would notbetter,relieveyouralmhouses,closethedoorsofyour thennavefallenaneasyfpreytotheGothandVanddal; penitentiaries, and break in pieces yoor gallows, purify but the star of her empire mtylit have waved in tri-the fcufleriaga of tbe unfortunate in their pathway t the tomb.,As ACT in ie| The PeopU >)/• .f Whenever utJ of&taState?t»f BauXtog DepsOoiayuntotberagingmi, beitilljHUti« w*ld, WWU*H vriudu obey thy will J Pioacbtotbe»torm,andreaaonwitn daspalr; »*t tell not misery's ton tb»t life U fair.'r& +{yt35 W j - S j * t" t S . ta'epVo •O CO Ol toat j&ast $5 per acre, making the sum of $1,208,850,260. for weal or for wo through life. For purifying the towor. While the population of a country are the Fork of the Des Moines IMver. '.hie sneee, and accompanied bis prayer with tears and and the family are all living. Such good fortune IsThe actual cultivator, then, will have to ptvy U> thesentimeut*, elevating tbe thoughts, and developing theproprietors of tbe laud which they till, they ha"Ve anQlti the estimate of tho Dos JVfoiues IUyer Grant ia Uii« Terri- Bobe. tory, as above.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069' accorded to but few ia this variable climate.&& ^fr^s^a^igEence, are nourifbed the virtues that counteract"••the de- elements of national greatness and power . , ,cay of human institutions, the courage that defends the , : "National disasters are not the growth of a day, butGeneralILand OJU*,,Vob.mMnational independence, and the industry tbat, supportsFROM KANSAS.GOVERNOR ROBINSON'S TESTIMONY* BEFORE THEall classee of the State.It wassaid by Lord Chatham, in his Appeal to thein tfce United States Circuit Court, Judge Drumraon4 presiding. (troops from Boston, that "trade, indeed, increases-theMglory and wealth of a Country; but its true strength"and stamina are to be looked for in the cultivators of14' iNVESTIGATING COMMITTEE REVIEWED AT y; VMr. Hoseack h placed upon trial first. The Distrioi Attorney, H. S. Fitch (a son of the Senatorai Wash* ington), insisted upon trying Mr. H. first, although oneor two other worthy citizens of Ottawa are lying in the Chicago Jail, on account of alleged vioJa/ions of tba •'• • • v "acqn^aition and management? Even if the Govern-mtnt had a right, bated in the nature of things thus to '* The proposition to change our land policy, eo as to" What constitute* a State ?'Not high-raised battlement or laboroi mound,Thick wall or moated gate jNot cities proud, with ppires and turrets crowned 5Not boys and broad-armed ports,"Where, laughing at the storm, rich navies ride;Not stoired und vpanfled courts.Where low-browed baseness wafts perfumes to pride.distrust upon ihe facts themselves, or upon the noblewark old abuses entrench themselves aud atfcemp; to b8nd of journalists who at the constant risk of life would be an impressive picture.maintain their position by hurling against every assitil- sought out and published these facts, is foolishly absurd.antterms of odium and reproach, made so by tbe color-ing of the adherents of prerogative and power. Until Robinson returned from tbe East a few days since, TBE OIL WELLS OFwithin a very recent period, tne clironiclera of the race meeting lest Saturday evening. It was called by Correspondence of The N. V. Tribune. have been, for the most part, sycophants of power; and,SPECT A TOR.PENNSYLVANIA**3So: men, high-minded men.* * * * • . . * • • **, • -1 • being the allies of the State, have glossed over its co- Messrs. Pbilljps and Lane, and Robinson was invitedTITUSVILLE, Crawford Co., Pa., Feb. 20, i860. SIR : Since I wrote you last (in December, I think),Men, who their duties k n o w , ' ; , ' . .Bn'. knew their rights, and knowing, dare maintain;Prevent tho long-aimed blow,And brush the tyrant while they rend the chain:These constitute a.State."The prosperity of Slates depouds not on toe mass oftemporaneous despotism and wrongs, while tbey havewritten down the true defenders of the rights of thetobepiesent."Atanearly hour,Miller'B large Hall was completely crowded. The Hon. Amasa SouleThe struggle between capital and la'^oris anunequulone at best. It is a sfruggle between the bones and was to induce the settlement of the wilderness, in- thereby dignify; its labor, and make strong the prime obliged to tell. He had made no charges oa his ownThis is a gr*. at acquit ition to this country, as all th* salt is imported from the Lake. The nex5 well of im- portance is the Hibbard, or Buttonwood well, Brewer, KeUogg, and others, proprietors.' This well is one orrt»pec!ed members of society. This policy will noting, it is true, of a more substantial reward than tears mighty clamor about the hardsnip of being stripped of theirto the dead and thanks to the living; but there are houses, their lands, their inheritances, the burial-plscos of their soldiers of peace as well aa of war, and though no ancestors." * » » * "The poor, on the other huud.com- pUin^d of the extreme indigence to which they were reduced,waving plume beckons them on to glory or to and of tbelr inability to bring up children. Tney enumerated 8ffl *-t t2g fj. ^— !-*• Q to Co2«3c?a »death, their dying scene is oft a crimson one. Theytbe many battles where they had fought in defense of the Repub-rf* co i^ en M • lo"qj"ct't7i"tn • co tp en en eni ooto J- —& oo _i <£)*•'*'>— O4ksc:»*oicoecnation or palsied the arm of it.dastry ? It needa no fall leading the van of civilization along untrodden lic, notwithstanding which 'they wore allowed no share of tnelengthy dissertation to portray its evils. Its history paths, and are buried in the dust of its advancing 'public lands; nay, the usurpers, to cultivate tbem, chose rather•ss;ject and debased people; vast manors hemmed in byhedges as a sporting ground for the nobility, while reqninm. Yet they are the meritorious men of tbe furabhed biin with sufficient argument for expatiating on tho^ 8W M CO p !,1 6) i i b IO O Ol tp' to employ foreigners and slaves than citizens of HOWM.' Grac- CLUB'M view was not to mal&e poor men rich, but to strengthen the Republic by sn increase of useful members, upon which bethought ihe safety and welfare of Italy depended. The insurrec- tion end war cf the ulavoa in Sioily, who were not yet quelled,»—' C71 *© >—* ^-*-umph long after the ivy twined'her broken columns. With homes and firesides to defend, the arms and hearts of an independent yeomanry are a surer andthemfluencesof the domestic fireside, for that is theschool in which human character is formed, and thereits destiny is shaped; there the soul receives iti firstimpress, and man hw first lesson, and they go with him more impregnable defease than battlemsut, wall, or Moln*s Jllv^r Orunt, situated in this State above the ItuccooiiEtatiUnia says that when the Grand Duke of Tut-three yeare, raised a large fwuily, and for a good part of the tMxxe have had persons out of the family Hying" with them; yet no one has ever died beneath their roof,•t,"v'.'~T>,4wfr>*«^' -—*•*<#:,—fia*_**>.lations of life; esteemed in the community where tbey The history of American prowess has recorded these defend, nothing to hope for. The associations' of an attempt? was made to impeach the credibility of ths have resided, in one case for twenty years. Being menwoxds as prophetic. Man, in defense of his hearth- independent freehold are eminently calculated to enno- stone and fiieside, is invincible against a. world of ble and elevate the possessor. It is the life:apring of a mercenaries.'- '• ' manly national character, and of a generpus patriot-Let us adopt the policy'••• cherished by Jackson, and isnv—-a patriotism that rushes to the defense of thecorrespondents of Republican journals at the East, andespecially that of Mr. W. A. Phillips; also to.implicatethem in a general conspiracy for revolution, has caused cognizance for their appearance. This they could n o t rfo little indignation in this community. The facts thatPhillips and other Free-State correspondents, were,during all our earlier history, the warm and steadfastfriends Of Robinson, the supporters and executors ofthe very jJolicy which he himself marked out, and ofindicated in his annual message to Congress in 1832, in which he eays: ,, ." I t carnot be doubted that tbe speedy settlement of theselands constitutes the true interest of the Republic.' The.wealthai,d the.strength of a- country are its population, and the bestpart oftbe population are the cultivators <>i. the sell- Independ-ent fanners are everywhere the'basis of society, and true friendstho idea of raising future revenue out of the pnblio lands." main, is the best and surest guaraciee for the perpetu- brought him prominently before the people of the their fellow-citizens of Ottawa.This advice, by one of the country's noblest patriots, ity 01 our liberties; for their arms are the citadel of a When the list of witnesses was called this morning-, though unheeded at thtrtime, is among the richest leg- nation's power, their hearts the bulwarks of liberty;. conntiy and gave him position and influence, are so some of tbe most thoroughly sinister, bad-featurbd*Xetthepublicdomain,then,besetapartasthepatri-wellknownhere,thathisungenerousattackupongenerallyill-lookingmenanrweredIeversaw>The,. of the seasons, they have acquired the hardihood ne- which he was the recognized leader, his generous and try should possess such noble citizens, and at the same . dependent fiechold, It seems to tne,- therefore, best to abandon An independent yeomanry, scattered over our vast do-? Slavery enemies, indeed, the yery instruments which tive Act. The sympathy of tbe peopie is entirely withinterested legislation on this subject, and to afford to everyAn.irican citizen of enterprise the opportunity of securing an in-, cessary to endure the trial* and privations of the camp. enthufiiaiBtic defenders against the assaults of our Pro- time have t-uch laws on the statute-book as the Fugi- ,Why should the Government hold tlio puhlic domainlonger as a Bource of revenue, -when it has already •estates by capital, and its consequent cultivation by and meets with the most decided disapprobation.'ers.' •':',.,"'•• • • • ' , . ; • ' • • . • . .but in its flocks, herds, and cultivated fields. Nor doesits real strength consist in fleets and armies, but in thebones and sinews of an independent yeomanry and thecomfort of its laboring classes- Its real glory consists ten gairis, or to restore to man his:: inalienable rights, sas, by the Messages of Walker, Stanton, Denver, and them the nee of bis jail. He is trying now to gethoneec • not in the splendid palace, lofty spire, or towering Medary, by subsequent events and revelations, inof the fireside of its citizens.. ... with which he ever strives to prevent all reformsor in- like him, and no notice has been taken of the kldnap- novations upon established usages. Behind such a bul- son's attempt, at this late day, either to throw doubt or pers. A daguerreotype of these two man-huntergsinews of men and dollars and cents. And in that stead of selling them to the speculator without. settle- elements of national Dower7 respomribilii-y, but entirely as coming from Redpath.struggle, is it for the Government to stretch forth its ment. The revenue to the Government from the Let this vast domain, then, be set apart and conse- Tins was the substance of his defense.orm~io aid the strong against the weak / Shall it con- landri, if considered annual, is the interest on the pur- crated forever as a patrimony to the sons of toil; close Mr. PhiDips was then called to the stand, and deliv- the best, and will run about 400 gallons per day- Thef tinue, by its legislation, to elevate and enrich idleness chase money; which would be on a quarter section, at ycur Land .Office forever. against the speculator,, and ered one of the most terrible and scathing replies it oil of this well is of a thicker quality, and will be m on the wail and the wo of industry ? " one dollar and twentv-five cents per acre, tbe interest thereby prevent the capital of the country from seek- was ever rny fortune to listen to. Hs said that it was better lubricator than the oils of less specific gravity.For if the rule be correct as applied to Governments on two hundred dollars, equal, at six per cent,'to ing that kind of investment, of absorbing the hard the firet time since his connection with the press as aas well as individuals, that whenever a person permitsKansas correspondent that he had taken any notice of But as the revenue of the General Government (with While the laborer is thus cruuhed by this system estab- charges against him. He would not do so now, wereamount from hiB earnings for the benefit of the specu- amount of oil territory, and are either boring, or hav-another to do, haviug the right and means to preventponaioriSj eompanies, and States, as per annexed table, it, he does himself, then indeed is the Government re- the exception of the sales of the lands} is derived lished by the Government, which abstracts so large an it not that these charges had been made by.aman occu- gallons. The proprietors of this well have a largeno- lodging to the Government undispoe^d of on the 30thany regulations for the disposal of these lands not in- jurious to the general welfare. iNow, when a new tract is surveyed, and yon open your Land-Office andindividual consumes of imported articles about $11 worth per year (tee statement of tb^gegister of the Treasury appended); and, calling so^en the average^eptemb^T, 2&>9, one thousand and sixty-oiie million one hundred and forty-one thousand six hundred and seventy-rrve acr*s.expose it to sale, tbe man with the most money is the number of a*family, then each family consumes anna-"What disposition shall be made of this vast inherit largest purchaser. The most desirable.and available ally $75 worth of imported articles, upon which a duty ness, snatching new areas from the wild beasts, and bf-fned tbem at every point. Tuey had raised their spring of Parker & Bamsdall of Titusville, which haganee is a queition of no tmall magnitude. Three times, within etven years, a homestead bill haa paaeed thia Houee, and been defeated each time by the [Democratic majority in the Senate. On tbe vote on the homestead biif in tWHouse last Congress, out of 130 Democrats, bnjt 31 vofctd for it; and in the Senate, on the teat vote between taking: np the homestead bill, afwr it hadlocations are seized upon by the capitalists of the coun- try, who seek that kind of investment. Your settler who.chances not to' have a preemption right, or to be tkeTe at th© time of sale, when he comes to seek ahome for himself and his family, must pay the specu- lator three or four hundred per cent on nis investment,While the pioneer spirit goes forth into the'wilder- prejuoice the cause of Freedom. But the old hero of New-York, where the oil is no new thing. The) of not les* than $20 wac paid. beqeathing them a legacy to civilized man, let not the Inquisitorial Committee, and had summoned old Father been of doubtful promise for a few weeks, is now oneSo the Government would be tbe gainer of $8 per year Government dampen Ms ardor and palsy his arm by Giddings before it, but not a word that could prejudice < f the beet, if not tne best, yet opened. I think 800 on each quarter section, by giving it away to a settler, legislation that places him in the power of soulless the Republican party could tbey get from him. They gallons per day hot a high estimate ..to put on this well*in preference to selling it without settlement. In addi- capital and grasping speculation; for upon his wild had even cent clear to Texas for Realf, and he came, The oil is thin and fine, and will lose but a trifle ir* tion, asyou cheapen »he necessaries and comforts of battle-field these are the only foes that his own ttern but the desired end was not attained. It was not until rectifying. Barnedall disposed of one-sixteenth of life, or increase men's means to pay for them, you in- heart and right arm cannot vanquish. the Governor of Kar.sas, elected by,the generous votes.or encounter the trials and Hardships, of a still more crease their consumption; aud in the same proportion STATKKKKT showing the Areas of the several Land States and of her noble sons, was summoned before their oil interest for $10,000, cash, to a company from; #passed the*^Jarse, and only requiriid the vote of the remote border life. And thus, under the operation of as you increase the means to pay for imports, you in-Territories, the amount of Land disposed of by sale and them, that the Pro-Slavery party found some- Obio, the. whole of which, in September, might haveSenate to maie it a la »r, so far as Congreas was con- laws tbat you call equal and just, you take from thecrease the consumption of home products and manufac- tures; to that the settlement of the wilderness by a thrivh>g""population is as much the interest o* the old States as ot the new. Tho amount now received by tbeotherwiee, and the amount unsold and undisposed of on thebeen purchased for as many hundreds. These are all thing over which it could gloat, and with the wells really in working order, but many more arewhich, it could stab the Republican party ! But Mr. nearly completed, and promise weil for the future. Redpath told these things to Gov. Robinson. . Whatsettler three or four dollars per acre, and put it in the . but one Democrat voted for the homestead, and oxdy pocket of the speculator—thus, by the operation of ax-ax anytime^ while every Republicxn in the Senate, your law, abstracting so much ol his hard earnings30<A of June, 1857:•~<t o o c . ^ 3 : . : o R r*/2 Hi* "2 • "••• S » < • - a i • • • • .?zatft.eeimed, or to take np the bill for the purchase of Cuba,«» <* C5 tw CC S ' ir'S'.£2*>-<x~>S i r " 5 "This important and ""surprising discovery of natural - encamped at Franklin, at Robinson's suggestion he portions of the country. Mechanics of all kinds are in.ca"a;^-"«o'o"IHS3SSPS§S§S18SSS^CJ01<D«<COO«OJ.OO<LA»0^>Cft{00>OOCO05 — ! » 0 0 ? j ^ - r - - J C 0 0 3 - I C O O t O O e O I o558for Kanpas. In the Wakarnsa war he served as Robin-son's aid-de-camp. When the Border Ruffians were wealth is destined to make this one of the wealthiest -M- 1 - 1 - IS( s t t i c s - i t5 10 to >— o p ?two-horse hack twice a week. 1B.OR*2 8 3 2 84. 4.orjKI*.<&<*_—>-*ix —•jn c c e c - i 1— — w c c o a > y i o o - 1w 00_cn CD_Ui ^JiJM_CJ » . - J j ? * < S O i i t . - l - O i > O I J l M . l»•ffS?l'|O)00 I C O I C ftowoiw co tfl - l co fcj ^^ cbSjpsj\<5o<p >c.^o'o^"< >o — a>o<•-• w w •-»« O ) ( 5 U I C C 0 I - BJ-.*• *-"8&?tOOO j » - I rf. UJ'8. °82S^sJMtoC5as.. , ..eo,03 CO* OO;§§§J£9•-•' »o"oi - 1 ~<W feSaio I—Ico>-. tob O t i j c o ^ o s e p M t c ;5S S ^-JN0(DN3C>— bv C"l on M C l M O I & O H W O*Ino)uJea r«seryes undor deeds of cession.jEjtcluHivf) of the Ghickatctw coasion.tlnoluJc.M the estJwmted quantity of 500/00 aerei of the Dencanycame to Paris, last year, he not only beggedNapoleon III. to restore Tuscany to him, hut went onUntitled Documentam.iv*-i in.to"rf»i 't' OO i— 55 r»>ICO6Qright had Gov. Robinson to retail hearsay testimonyAs I write, there is a steadily-increasing demand foeecC31^,0 « ec.a,a tj*TM &§? 2gS.o5-R-B ~ » •oCM We Sa-(!° »&c.v,;..„..•#.-.. *jHt**>.**!»— ,m^Jtertest to Bnrround "their fireside* ;*eith comfort and Grants for Deaf and Dwnb .AiryJurnii—Alabama, 2T ,840.4*; Ar- TMM mmn TffE FUGITIVE 8LXV& -'^COKM.make their homes'hanpy-^the great ineentive to iii- lansrts, 2,067.43» Flo3rid^a,2f».9~2"4'i2""fc,- T"'fl'ta"l.-4"4,97ill acrtalb'•' UP served for companies, individuals and corporations—Ohio.duetry; frugaJitv and-sobriety. It ia such habits alone C,855,976f Xndknm;-Governor Robinson's testimony before the Senate Fugitive act. These men are respectable in all the re-and this subject was made the occasion for a largeI have b?en looking round among the oil wells at Ti- graphic report of Robinson's testimony before the Com- ers would like to know how the present developmentspeople and the champions of honorable labor as the was called to the chair; and the matter was duly tuevillc and in tbat vicinity. Thinking that your read-oultaw8 of history. . . • , ,.-.. bronght before the meeting by the reading of the tele-Because the Roman Giacchi proposed to elevate the mittee, and an editorial article from The Boston correspond with the predictions two months since, Xtbe country to tbe spirit of the age, and to the true wealth, but its uittribution. That country is greatest Korean citizen by dignifying his labor and restoring Herald, making use of tbat testimony as the basis of a will give the result of my investigations, and you mayand most glorious in which there is the greatest num- him to the rights of which he had been unjustly de- most villairious disquisition in regard to the wholeber of happy firesides. And if. you 'would make the prived by the oligarchy who controlled the btate, their Kansas question. Lane opened in a powerful speech, give them to the world, or to the flames.He'" ',•—The Paris correspondent. of TJm C<mrrier des aged couple there who have lived together for sixty-•-; .•'••'• "',••'•'•••-.. .••''f-'y •The acc<... eents:i That tlm j>tbe Baokiu^ Od Bank Notes co| eajr sWeet,ttjxfere Injurl ^h«w««rJty <>t\of property, and groat personal integrity, they were only required by the Court to give their personal re-150 , 1 0 0 •2602S0•J8C0 goco ..... <Jo ,,».. do .... do do...&o....do. as they regarded the law under which they wer* indicted unconstitutional.Railroad,This is ,the beat country for fruit, especially apples,W ein our Legii business ol the mcniori;]banks in this] understandsigned b.y_coij 1 that many otj* *obe no fair: theprajer of The bill is asJFRUIT.pears, and peaches. They are not affected by the cur*c-ulio, or worms, and such large size and excellent flavor I never before tasted. Fine strawberries were) in the market at Christmas, grown in this State. All of the small berry fruits grow in abundance.GRAPES..Grapes grow in hunches that will weigh from five toten pounds, and somo much moro weighty. This is> the,finest country for the vine that I ever saw. France, cannot begin to compare with it. And as for climate^ all kinds of weather can be found, within a range ot 200 miles cf tins fine city. Some fine agricultural dis- tricts are within 00 miles. The mercury rarely einka below 40°, or rises more than 00° above aero.WHEAT, &C.I never saw finer wheat, barley, or oats. It is: notuncommon to realize 60 bushels of wheat to the acre- •8»'San Francisco,—TheLilvrty (Ind.)Heraldnayathatthereiean'jWM»*Wi«i,v-*l:.\, ,„•,«:< •..•'••'•.•>•&*m&&&'i&ipurchaeannej www.fultonhistory.com 