 10NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 186U-TRIPLE SHEETTIE PlflKCS if WilLlTosk^firosBtftt sattiday «tIfyaJ rVhsssi6*"It* Pfinee »?fcd and .ctermatid that tbe old maa dKto'ttetmaay kegB«f that beware sp«e » tbe alitorThe announcement of • steal aad decissro amtch, at tw*,of the fair beccmes > D o w n it v m oonbttess attract largo numbers to see t*> fiM snd varied ooitectton of fruits, vegetablesandlowersthataretberodisplaytdforortti-salfcntr.lnat'.on.ubie betwtea. Over this eompartmeai a <lome rises above tbf rco*> afibMiog ventilation and ornament of no erdinar; degree. Thit is one of the handsomest featuree vi the car, and is elaborately finished. At one end thereGRSKX !SIA>-».—The pnsent population of tro Village of Green Island ia 1 COO, in 1865, 1 324: increase ;n five yeas e,276.trssnq*t*» fktorlantHtrnt matteis ft things, ft bUneby I exod bim bow no UeaboxPr:i«esasrurMheedrotTempleaad GeorgeM.Patebaa,over theCsntrevih*—-- ,^_ ..-^-B-,arbiBi»-"—'- ---— ---*• 'rwT'-dtthytveryboiy. Whenthtpepiecheerm«Ifeelba>J,torarp«atftbawoaAe»,aoMil«Bto desire. Thar©. outBtsatogover others equdrymeritorious. Tbecom Congestionoftbeliver., l Inflammationcfkidneys%•^*-o*f•!»CBnw»»uaailBM»tocwiwr*,.Qmta*, 8tp*.21,Pntce stayed s* Dwiejbtw Statwa today,at tht crMr.Sasntcsr,wbwbhasbest acwtyfart-sb- ** Lr n. » txnpy tag two otber private biases. A(^Me4);.orj^^^tMym<tnil;DtttjtfeeaoOMbowof- t?Bb;.« crod k»ow bow I too threw all tb- lr mores ft andfrifaai! exart^y wbtt they air after, ft ksowd bow I wrftweenthesetwotoatgoers,upwardsof2,P00personapa- tronited the road aad the rail to witarjg it. The Long Uisnd Railroad ran a special traio.totb 0 course. Althoughwasarjeatgatheringofthectans,orattoasttberoWat a grtat direitity of tartans on the groBnd,and as tht tax-miMeebavlogInchargethtdlvtributtooo*premiums will report on next Thursday, when tbe articles will bo labelled, and the public can at oace tot tht best in thtCongestionoftbotangs, 8 lofkmtnattonofItrrr... t Convdsieoa, strait 4 naasunation of rasas.. ItConvulsions, infantile... $2 IBflBBBBWttoa OfSpBto.. • 1is the sasae agony of doubt sa to the etiquette to be ob- sally known. They can be depended upon wherever and served oa the occasion aa their more pretending and otti whenever they are seen and known. The l'rlnce la awaref , l n ^ •:' ^ ^„r ,. S.v*.?, *„ *°-«-«-»—ssi—thjeotebtheerr dav;: but weR. Casron. of Loudon; Isaac Barbtiice, of Tennessee; Esonic fraternity, and Grand Master of the Grand Lodge "union" of the two rival Grand Lodges, several years 60th year of his age.frcm confinement in the penitentiary a few weeka previ-fw' irte t "/nf «. I f * 7 h*7* h*m *» osawa-oB of me 'rce'ea-J-diKTSl"*. .U,",,»J«, that a R-,m*n-F^A Craiors CASE—Yesterday night, says the Toronto be would not bring a hundred dollars. He is about fif- Charleston, S. C., are stopping at the Everett House.witnesses against bim. Tbe body of tbe sister waa cut nearlyIntwowithanaxeandthrownintoiheEftrandy river,sndthetonwastakentowedistancemtethe woods and thort murdered by bis brutal father Ho madebisescape,afterssyingheInUuiedtokillbisI*rt, Cf t ,h a ttwSf-**lTMaK^!°^,*V•»>"»--ateonthe/.coderoftbe21stinst,amanwasseensittinginadeep e mgposture,IBoneofourstreets,byapoltcemtn.The teenenhTaxadrshdifgbh^,rd,arkd^bbaya,vwi;th1tblac&km*an>ea*nd^toil.th*e-t"Eer M*jc*;y 4 Uw Pftocoart wdi, bo bod.T H ET O E F ,Bcottaato ©stsaren. ! Opemiafj of ttoe Asuericnr^ lgutjtBito Pnlr. AtV., SCOTIA W T*S llkaJ^-KOTBTM AWIYfBtABY | Its accseJ toir hold by tfte^ American Insttoote waa: :-"B«MBttmtkia site tfteeTfai, En Mvi, be». Bihe old foXif*InthoORyandbays.MS;sjirto,lSa-iow, «* Adults, 186;^y»sttBVlT;Bsdea, S27;?£Bronchitis....77....*. f Fever,typhus••••.-•#.» *the first turn, Increasing It to a full length at tbo garter sad at noaa a messenger direst from Queen Victoria terrsatioa of the New York press and tbe energetic ac wts reached in 1 minute 11 seconds, and still tbo borneBetides tbe national sports of the day there wert other amusements on other parts of the grounds, and hundreds, both In the hotel and outbaillings adjoining, tripped it off on tbe light tontastic toe, until the last strains of tbe bagpipes denoted that the grounds, so late fall of life and bustle, were being toft to night and solitude.Tbe sapper, which on otber anniversaries closed the day's prcceeatogs, was dispose! of a week ago, on the day first fixed for tbe games. Circumstances prevented the dob holding their games upon that day, although every thtog was arranged for the parposo. The supper only could not be postponed, and that they enjoyed ac- cording to previous arrangements.144 36 to 88 years.72 80 to 48 years .848 40 to 60 years 16 60 to 68 years1 •OtoTtyeara 12 • TOto80years 9as i teed with tetters. The afternoon was spent in read-sag them aid writing replies, which were sent to Chicago yesterday there was precious little interest manifested by into the homestretch, a magnificent struggle ensued, theby aspteia) locomotive, arriving there in time to connect with the trains Fast.At baif past five this morning tbo party again started wet tofruatprairie chickens sad have sot yet returned.Tn morrow they bant qua!), aad Wednesday they go to St. Lous.the Britishers of New York. At one o'clock, tbe hour of lusty etallicn coming scrota tbe score a length in advancein two minutes aad twenty three seconds. Oa the far meeting, and long after, there were not a beggarly dozen side Flora drew cp to bim, forcing the pace, aad at thepresent, and .titer considerable lots of time and temper, rale of speed she was going fairly carried him off bis feat, the business or the day was proceeded wetb in the pre- be seem rg to "go back" when sbo collared bim. Tbe12to16yearssence of seven or eight gentlemen.Mr. AaomuiD, bar Majesty's Consul at this port, car-Britisb America England.,...Germany.... 38 Ireland 89 Italy..... .... 1Br. S CoAhu thought that the action of tbe British2 23 2:264:66Jf SCOHighland br<nnet and crest, presented by Mr. Wm. Johns at once marched Into the prison, and will probably be ton. Won by John Goldle—distance ten feet. Second j kept in close confinement until they learn to behave bet-First beat they start by special train on the Michigan Central Rtii- all this ibey bad been grievously misrepresented. They Second beat1 11 37* sees. 112will leave tbo hotel at bal' past eight o'clock. At ten residents wsssuchas reflected credit on them But for'f^vm"Wia,"tea 1, "Abaft I Hssi at• i m *Tr»t Baiwceifi Fla*» TosafMa avisd Cteoxga K. Fattcmato-Tlia Barn Viewrtoma.,!» and irocod Cftkiga*» rrsJrk CMefcOn io U>e e#am of a yere. Wo tot ft tawked tbero sum time mite beau, between tbo two celebrated trotters, F P ^OF TBS *KW YOB* CAbBhOHiAK C U * Yesterday tbe New York Caledonian Ooh ostebrated their fcarth anniTorsary at Jones' Wood. The day wasTory suspicions for outdoor games aad .pestlraea, snd as it55 in trials of speed, of aweofth and of agility that thebardytoneofOldCated»ladelighttotaarkeachrecurAS it was tbo t t p i i 0 t >••:.-. the chi tam tea*h«s Ug*r rogtoj," I 'jp)»ir«d.••To tjxa* [Ala, Mister Ward," bo Mit "1 dent n>a:b likeit,I'mt*efcofaHthwbowinftserapiaondcm-vltaM ttuetdat.ee was not-^j,!,,,,^. ewt an Uw caawaotarCoarse, Usg Xtteud, draw a mrgo coacouno of. Sporting % Birti^CTcrabjy I'keifte- 1 wood rubor go threw men to that locality yesterday afternoon. The* &j WB0reace^iyeeterdajtoannteejsary,thethoasanisthatwe.a Theccl>jtionoffruitsperhapsexcelsthefioralpro-foolers... 1 *•Boierwinfantum..*...,€9Hooping co'jgh r QiTilSssh.ft $ttbo wti.trj quietly sad enjoymyeeii LBmyOWBway, beautifu:'-yfino,andasitwaaweltknownthat thtewoaM lit I* /toM nous* •**. it* "iJWb «»»— , frith too t'tier boys, ft sot bo made a Show of to bo bo tbo test opportoBltj of wltnoBSiBg a two rJBO race be-drawn together, either as bailing front t h a ' W of brown drantiona. and tbe lane collection of garden vegetables Odto sappearstorankseeooo Intbelist. Amongstsoaaanyit Coegesttonoftbebowels 1 heath and shaggy wood," or aa a^octatort of tbo games, would be impost' bio to refer to any particular oott with Congestion of the brain. 7oAtmia prrnfo, tboyd atopkiaabi my bauds tf fawn- BOannouncement of an excursion to* in bad been publish- ir, over me as thty BOWdo. But yon baww, Uiotor Ward,tan denoted the elan and chteftate ander whosntheHgh collection. To day there will bo placed to tbe tank builtBjtoSBv................. slaaamsaatkm of at masnb 1 icf throat. I! cantfcelpbsm a Prisca, ft I most do all I kta to fit my- f rft-rthe persbmoB 1matt sumtlme ockepy "* lkatftroo,nii»l,,'8kkBeoBaBd the doctera will car- ry the Qi;eoB orf oae of thaw Caat, eure'a yer bora."ed . yet, rather than disappoint tke> numbers who assest- bled at the Brooklyn depot, Mr. Palmer, the Superinten- dent of the lino, plaaoi a train oA tbe ir serv ice. There waslander was wont to array Worse*, It ajaaotear that fewcf the chine or tuldtongeyno were unrepresented yester-day at Jones' Woo* lb* Mending and intermingling offor it a splendid specimen of tbo " Yhtoria Regia, "which will, front its beaut;, hart its heat of admirers.The toigo adeem of tbo garden to profusely decorated with bowers, snd wooden awaiags are erected oa the walks and brllliaatly lit with gar, forming ateenev/ellIB UTto-.meherinarevoforBOOtotakemydepartur,1rooo alargeproportionofSouthernlentlemeupreeeut,aswellaacpaodaoo; "Aiaar.Edard.I most go; but pro»i« to dola« , I wtUabaarre tftat yoo soot mo. Yureagood feller, nearly all the regator habik-w of the trotting course be-BOmany colors, as tbo Highlanders kept mrving to an ifro Is hurrying on the games which followet worth a tisif. At tbo end of the large saloon is a placeJaandtoe. I ABmtotrtVtV»l«r«' o:tact:vs W M s t s o w s lo-os* aitb bocks,pntftt Baron wttl meet as :ro bo kfcf, try and be as good a maa as yaro motbor baa track, na this « a t tbo Brat opportunity the majority hadwbero :e'resbments can bo procure l, where the weary each other In quick succession, to tbe bright sunlight, can obtain all tht requisites to •attain them during aJ1 t^gtSSilBSajthse...» ...a <••«• WfenpA V r t fdard,and tbo Imoaftnprlooetaoapmeral tbtef, longtestothtociry. A great deal of interest was moat- 1 moat tay 1; ;ke tbo cut of yore Gib. Whoa you jit to feated by tbetorrcer en tbo appearance of Flora on tbewere very beautiful. From tbe bonnet, surmocDted withite straight eagle feather and its silver clasp, to tbe "cosiumebrcgn.ee," with their broad silver buckles, therelore: visit.Shortly after tbo opeaiag o' tht Fair ex Judge Msaaoadelivered an address to tbe members and audience, wel- coming them to their new place, and bopio^- that they mijrht cottinue to grow in strength raad uaofuloeas. Heblesstog. Cirrhosis bftba Dodworthto line band performed many setoctlont from Oo&scmptSon tbe operas and popular airs, and the band will prove one ! Debility, adultbo 1*1 to ont tomorrow on« .biB. ItejmandbeJewrtw.efpmbnHy toaaowaaoa, who gntdea tare been pro- ftor altera bio abooied alas tbo dale of Noah, who was tb« ftat man to go mto tae M*nag«ry biaaeaa, and \t tboever l^OMeaaed of seoing a mare whose trotting tome hasextended wot only throughout tht United States, but over wfflbutbothootool datt*papersorb;s*,meairtobeWeeved,NoahaoaQeek- tbowholeworld. Berblwiningcondition,notwithstand-Asthma . . . . . . . • «•• • to thefinecollection of fraita and flowers, ending with a Cancer of the mouth..•f thirty stilts about atco cf livia wild bessts beet eoay Lhinr over sooa sins,tbo 1 make bold to doat of hirtosaiks was ahead of mice ing her recent bard work, so excited their admiration•fid t B rtorSjJbt.rr» by rpectai car- 1*0 Baron will rtooh St. Loutean •tew, aad Bteo parses to take home for the Queen aad Old race, aad these odds became the current betting, a goodpriate clasp, tht dirk, tht silver handled claymore, too skeen dbo, the rporan.&c., all mounted with tbo glitter mg and highly polished cairngorm, gleamed from someliver.Albert T^ard, adoc>" I tok bis band, wbkft lis shaft that they freely offered IMO to $300 that sbo won the lar.St. Gorawtanand soils, goo) to St. iantoto-mor- warmly, and gtria him a perpotoomi troa para to myAlbert, i pot on my bat and walfct away.ntesat-h. "bTrt. Ward,"Ito«bjr%r.iMd,asI walkt atoog, "Mrs. ateyr ^.stwarth «• with toe Prises, end Ward, of yon cood aee yure b«sband sow, jsst as h» •tA'pf «; cm. f estrrdoy tbo Prlncsdgwed bit nnoje in prowd!y tmarjit from tbepresesbi >t the fatur King ofShe »ty reports. It gland, yood bo sorry yon bailed him a boost jest beeaw& be cum borne tired 1 Bit* and wanted to «jo to bed with- Ti'T* io comsaaralrrely very little per. -s.iy BSSBBI htm out tabs erf bis boot*. Yad* be sorry for try-in to de-deal of money being invested at this price. Patches, who waa driven, aa heretofore, by D. Talhnan, looked ia admirable condition, aad aaany fancied that at two mil is, his favorite distance, his long, powerful, sweep- ing stride most assuredly boat the "little bay mare/'of tbo chief attraetiont of tbo fair during its continu- Debility, infantile part of the field wherever tht 'eyt Urned. There ance It will remain open for two weeks, and will no nr«psy% CL.«f*ca No crowds coast is from tbo eoon'ry, end prive yore husband of the prtoeiiae Boon « liberty, Betsy with her low, short, bat quick action. Tbe trafkTotalon1 Kilted or murdereJ, 3 thrown in tkopr.'vy'bytJate'*5THE BRITISH RESIDENTS AND THS PRINCE the bell gave tbe signal for tbe horses to come up, Mr.pec pit general "y do sot wove their arocati-otis to aee h.m. ftrbi *. oh ponpo are ettfttr "Widt A w k « " or To arm a-d srepoWto ehwractors lhaattwven,TEE miNCE AT DWIGBT8 STATION.Dwf ;BV* Ssasoa, Sept, 24,1800 Befe** tbe Prince tefl Chicago aa 8av;.rdny ha visitedwveralr-areaofInterest,amongwbrcbwas theRepubli «*• w (rwtnr., the site of old Fort Dearborn and the Ba-r's* fJot >. ta;.Mo reached Dwigbi at n o'clock in the saaas ear hamm* on tbe Michigan Central Railroad. Immediately •vpoL ha arrival the a bote party turned ont far aa boor's attoet^f among the prairie chickens, bat found no game,«s accoutt ct Mm lateness of the boar.Teaurday the party attended the Presbyterian church, could not be carried est, ia consequence of tbe active In pole, which was passed In 36 . seconda. Tea half mastion of tbe American people themselves. At the mooting kept hla lead, although the mare 'was gal- lantly and gamely ma'ntaining her position. Turning1OF WILES.int Afrays, dc , eScCyanosis Delirium tremens Drowned Intemperance Loea veteran....8 1 3 Poison by laudanum.... 1Pursuant *.o tBBoanceaie&t, a meeting of the British reextents of the city of New York was bold at the rooms ofthe British Consulate, No. IT Broadway, at half past meo'clockyesterdayafternoon. Theintentionofthemeet- gan,andshepleasedhernumerousfriendsbytbestylela ing was to bear the report of the committee appointed at3 Pi aanaiait birth. «the meeting recently bold at the Astor Bouse, in refe- rence to a proper reception of tbo Prince of Wales, or Ba~ roo Renfrew, by tbo British residcats of New York.which she went, skimming like a bird, over the ground. Sooa after three o'clock P. M. the judges called them up forTUB FIRST HXAT- Tbo Bashaw stall ton bad the polo, and ibis advantage was increased by bis getting half a iccgth the best of tbe start, after two unsuccessful atPacific Railroa-i bill and the Lime Point purchase. He defended bis coarse in tbo Senate on those measures andtotalBrain and nerves 83It is well known that the British subjects in this citytare been very anxious to give the young Prince a nobleaad magnificent reception. The programme, however, tempts at scoring. He kept this distance ahead rouod131« Urinary organs.. 1ing been called to the chair, briefly related tbe proceed- ly Tbe noble animal put forth all hla powers of speed, and gained percept ibly on bitfleetopponent; but Flora, at aduigbtedwiththeplaceaadwishtostay longer, lbs tothepresenttime. Heasmstatedthatthecommittee ofspeedwithwhichshesooftenastonishesbothbarappointed at the Astor Bouse had reported, and called ! friends and her enemies, and passea tbe judges' stand,tbe judges were ia no one instance disputed, and as tbey bad bat one desiie. that tbe beet might win—so they bad tbe gratification of knowing, that not tbe slightest disaatto- faetioo waa felt to tbe manner In which they discharged their delicate duty.Tbe following lathe order to which tbe garnet were contested :—Pruasto Scotland1 4waa TO excellent condition for fast time being mads, bat a high wind milittted against this advaatiga. BeforeThere aaaalist numbering seventeen games, for allaad each of which tbero were valuable prizes, whhhcalled for tbe best eflorta of tbe contestants. Tbo prtoeipal prize was allotted to that favorite and national pas-time, tht Highland Fling, for which tbero wort five con-testants, each of whoa, as they successively exhibitedtheir various steps and style of dancing, drew forthtbe plaudits of tbe spectators. The prize to the victor inthis instance was a solid silver pitcher, valued at $125,presentedbyPro'essorAnderson. TheHighlandFlingand tbe Broadsword dance excited, perhaps, tbo mostgeneral interest; but the more athletic aad agile games-such sa throwing the light and heavy hammers snd tbecaber, and the running j imps and the high leaps—weretboae which drew tbe greatest crowds within tbo ropes | all others, and declared his resolution to stand by Breck- snd rendered their expulsion most difficult. So far, ia- ' toaidga.deed, sa the spectators were concerned, their conduct wssmost commendable throughout, aad tht police, who wareon tbe ground to preserve order, had very little trouble inexecuting their duty in that respect.Burnod or scalded CasualtiesNcMann, tbo driver of Flora, gave her two or three ftet dashes on tbo track, to remove any stiffness she might have contracted in ber long ride by rail from tbe scene of bar tote victory over Ethan Alton, at Kalamazio, Michi-Senator Gwin delivered a long address at Stockton oaWednesday evening, before an and'once that did not macifed much sympathy with tbe caare advocated. He en.tercel Into an elaborate explanation of Lis conduct In referencetothedefeatofHatesOverlandMailbill,the Bones,joints, ftc 1mare now passed him, took tbe Inside track, aad kept lead ixg around the lower tide into the homestretch, when TaPman called upon bis horse, using his whip right freeReale ft Bishop, were turned over some time since into tbe hands of the Qoarteimsster at Fort Tejon, it San Joa- quin county. They are in a thriving condition, though applied to no particular use except breeding.Total.47CS L 1' • a s w a s a s e * 480BBchmeyer, the courier, left this morning tor the citiesest the roots. The whole party are la the best of spirits, ings of the committee, from tbe period of its formation touch fi (m McMann, now shows one of those terrific bursts successful contestants, at the headquarters of the dab, in the United States Distri3t Court.against fi T. Barnum,st Volcano, Amador county, and the others nis sureties. Barnum collected $960, which be failed to pay over, and the amount is now sought to be recovered.Two earthquake shocks werefdtat Stockton on tbo mornisg of July 2$.n a BOTAX, BBBCBAlfBSB.i of these gentlemen at the Russell House ready accepted the demonstration at the Academy gether past (be half mile io 1:12, and turned into tbo land spores; second, shoe buckles and born. Tbero were Deoeaaed waa a native of France, aged 46 yearsare so arranged as to afford them perfect seclusion and of Music, on the part of the American people; and as the straight side with tbe lU'Hon loading. Hecrosted the several contestants—the successful ones being for the first H. W.~3ameB waa mortally injured with a knife, in thtBart St Garmains aad suite left Chicago in a special ear at aiaaa'steak this ateraiag, direct for St. Lou a.THB PRTNCB HI DBTBOIT.Tbe Detroit ttu Prtst gives the following additional fBtrticolars connect.* with the recent visit of tbe Baron10 that ejiy —upon the Secretary to read the report.The SacmiTjaY accordingly proceeded to read tbe report,amid most entbusisstic cheering, Clength and a half in advance—Time 4 56'4'.rrxLicAlmshouse, Blkl's bland..13 Lunatic Asylum,Bellevue Hospital 34 ingdale.City Hospital 2 Randall a island Nurserywhich stated that the original number of members badcity was one of the great features determined upon for | but this advantage be jeopardized by breaking at tbe firstbeen increased, to forty ; that the proposition to get up a ! against Patcht n, I ICO to $16 being currently offered. At1magnificent ball in boaor of his Royal Highness in this in tbe rreviocs beat, Patcben got the boat of tbe atari,Tbe Point Bonita lighthouse, at the entrance of.the har- bor of San Francisco, to to be strengthened, and other reS'LCSD HIAT— Almost any odds might have boon badprize to Nkoto—nine and a baif feet. Third to John > ter. Tbe intention of the convicts was to take one of tbe rtad hr Chicago, arriving there aboot eight this evening. bad invariably kept in tbe background until they were Flora Temple's next match is a still more arduous and Crown—distance eight feet ten and a half inches. . State boats anchored near the prison, roo over tbe bayounaJ a b>tb elegant an.! convenient in construction. It thought that they had been very careful to considerGoldle and Nicoh10. The Long Race— First prize, a pair richly ornamented Highland brogues, presented by Mr. Thomas Jeffry:Iad already cut loose the bod, when the reinforced States Arsenal, 1C3. The trtal poputotion in 1866 wasis the same wbkh has been in nse aa a director's car,• EI has been n?w!y fttte.i wilh a view to the presentM-:*.». t. There axe four steeping compartments, two ateach tad, while tbe centre ie occupied by a silting can- the lull approval of tbe Mayor. vectenoe of U.o sofas a&d four extension chairs, with abrated Bashaw trotting horse Dutchman, at three miles, oa Thursday, the 2TUi insl. The difficulty of her accom plishing this feat will bo evident, when we rousider that the time made by Dutchman, at three miles, under the caddie, was 7 minutes 32>i Beconls. He did this in Au- gust, 1S39, over the Beacon course, New Jersey, having the month previous gone tbe same distance, and over theguards captured tbo main body, and another boat had to be despatched to secure tbem, which waa speedily done, The excitement in the prison during this attempt toj 8 SC6: increase of five years, 646 The number of dwell -1i iug bcuses in the village is 1,350, occupied by 1,708 fami-', lies. The cumber of deaths reported aa occurring daringAmerican feeling, and he was very unwilling that their action ibouid be misrepresented.The Coavri said ibataJl their movements htd met withsecond, a costome shoulder brooch; third, a set of eaglesfeathers. -Wcx by Montgomery, lawman aud William escape was immense-. We learn that those oF the con- i. i be j ear ending June 1 waa 183.Mr. G. W. BXALI, Prtsident of tbe St. «forge's Society, remarked thai the Britiifti residents ha I done everything in their power to receive his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and to show tfceir affectum to the gloriousCrossed.11 The Hurdle Race—First prize, a History of the Highlands and Highland Illustrations, presented by Chief David McLellan; second, a Highland sports; third, bon-victs wbotriel to escape and have not been wounded will be lacerated by the lash.i PiTTM-owx.—The population of PiUstcwn Is 3,829; aff DIATH oi SIR JOBS FHASKLIS'S DAicfliBK.—The London * increase of 227 in five years.is a rttii ing room containing chairs, sofas, mirror and a crown of England; but as all their exertions to fulfil this same course, in harness, in 7 minutes 42 seconds, these net and crest There waa considerable amusement duriugObltwatry.labe, all corresponding in elegance with th° rt • jf theear, which is richly carpeted throughout, and Inlaid withrte wood veneering and solid birdeeje maple from Micbi-gar forests. Is oae corner is placed an expensive rose-*wood aideboard, containiut decanters and glasses of allpurpose baa failed, he now mrvel that the report be adopted and tbe committee discharged".Mr. WALKHKmade a proposition, at the request of Mr. Stoddard (who was absent), that if the Prince could not accept a ball nor an address from British reel leits.bethis race, caused by the falling of the first hurdle, while performances have never yet been beaten, or even tbo competitors were clambering over It. They nil fell ins'seo and styles, together with cutlery and all the various should at least appoint an btur at which he might meetequipment* of the ranch lsble. The car does cot aim at such Britisb subjects in this country as might be anxiousmafBlfieence, although It cost a sam probably not less to wait upon btm. Mr Walker thought, from all that heiLaa tS,OM as it stands, bat it is neat and tasteful in bad beard, that there was some soreness being felt byevery respect, aad good enough for anybody. It is at all British subjects, and, as an Englishman, be was not(Tents one of thefinestcars io America, aad reflects the afraid of speaking to his American brethren. He saw nohighest credit on tbe railroad and its mechanics It was reason why be should be afraid to speak to a Britisherest refy constructed in the Michigan Central Railroad lUe bimtelf. At least be thought that the four British steps in this ctty. societies in Amerim might have their representativespresented to the Prince, aad hoped that this would be KTK'CETTK AKD THS EQUINOX. done.From the following remarks in the Journal from which Mr BXA!a protested Against this Any private recep-we extract the above account of the Prince's movements, tion to British subjects must nececsarily be a public re it wo: id seem sa if the trip of bis Royal Highness io tbe ! ocption.harness, aver the Centreville Course, in 7 minutes John Goldle the second, and Hugh Poll wk the thirdiS.44X seconJs. Flora Temple's best time, at this dis- 12. Highland Fling—Open to every acknowledged and one of their body. He spoke in a very feeling man- !• GKORGITOWX.—.The following are some cf tbe statiS* tance, wts 7 minutes 64 seconds, over the Eclipse Scotchman appearing at the games in the Highland cos- ner of the heavy calamity which bad fallen upon the Rev. t irs of Georgetown, aa shown by the present cetrns —Icited states bad beam Inaugurated by tbe same old rain Mr. Bxit thought that the visit of the Prince was that has every where followed bis footsteps in Canada simply a tribute of regard to his American cousiaa, and18. The Standing High Ioap—First prize, a HighlandPrincess her speed was never fully developed, and that sporan; second, sloe buckles and hose. Won by John carried unanimously, and a copy was requested to be sent l i e d snd dumb\*A uily this, bnt the committee of Wolverines who had it was not for loyal British subjects to be offended at his c targe of tbe distinguished etranger appear to have been decision. The loyalty of British subjects was univer-celt ^rated Bsshaw's record. However true this may be, 14. The running blgh leap—Firat prize, a diver mountand tbe backers of "time" are far more numerouk and prize, John Goidie, heighth Ave feet one inch; second zen, name! Mr. Join SHAKES Mr. Shakes was one appraised value d the red estate to Worcester it sowd Dik.rte* J f policeman shook him; the man fell over. Tbepoliceman latter lerg B n o ^ d ^ C f . * ^ ^ TaraeWht.bi.sledof*^^t^^z ?r?';^ 1 seyes,andlargenostrils,butnoneToV theirs^r£& t „ .«,., UIOBUU poetryCoi.Thompson,ofPhiladelphia;MajorHartley,ofHart- ford; Dr. Cummings and family, of Maine; A. /. R• t aud family, cf Texas; E. M i'erino and B. C. Yancey, both of Alabsma;DonaldMacLeod,ofWashington,andII.Wil-Political Intelligence.usTh-c ,«tnoelial ouoBeSded it. * £ Z £ ^ f \ l ^ :ctcwtefiUt^ws welcome to the soioe ot «jar*Bd*aIrSiitll open and beat on the ground, his head inclined forward,P1ebk-te « not much of a sho"e^"ru! . i. *n&d i&nva*lu£a*-o l drert*rtr«Oppti«Bista, snd the otne^ ensured a f - Z l S ' coEfceioua of what was going forward. His eyes weretbytt »*re vited d„wn The i*« ehee'^i V ,w nshower," after' all. ae is oaoiy msr Hetobadly1 s e j say h« is a pleasant, attahie J O .iasjaian toFS&tb#.cerervea our Ciwsideration a' aor other geBUemaa dTrerTeo t. Lot that lofty sentimmt which (lews with in*alter contemplating this phenomenon for some time the policeman bad fata removed to tbe station house. There w*« not tbe slightest appearance of tbo man being underaxo ,na on reet. and - dapdo on the back.Dbind off feet, snd a dapple on the back. Bui tbebract'es and perfections excite tbe knowiag ones. Legs— and they are superb—hips, shoulders, back breast and neck, fcc , are deemed perfect, and in ail essential points be is pronounced, by those who ought to know, tbe most splendid acimal tbey have ever seen. Hearitg these en- thustastic posted ones talk will;.really relieve the dis- ss pointmeut eiperie&ced en first seeing the stallion. This one Is six years old. Tbe other to but two years, and is a much handsomer animal, some fourteen bandsi Springfield, Mass., be is reported as having used tbs foi- [' lowing language:—people to pursue this course. It to contended that Add - rkb could not bare been convicted before any jury in the United States, inasmuch aa there was no positive evi-ftrvcr of warm heirtedneas and imly f,.aa«4 eoorieiwx• ve s as h"s welcome to a laad of puuu habiM and t - e / *** influence of liquor. Doctors were called in, but theyThere to year Declaration of Independence, a diploma dence against bias—not even circumstartial evidence— tbough there to sot a person on Big Sandy nver thatv«o:spo^vn thctgbU." * TBS TU1XCM OP VALS8 A VTCSftOr.could make nothing of hint. Various methods were resort-,__- ... iJaus,both of New York:' E. B. Goodyear, of New Haven; a : tic dodge, adopted merely for tht purpose of excusing tbe• _ tent has just passed tbe tireat Sea), eonfOrria? tbea lancet u u •»..>..A .._ . . . '--powitw of a viceroy npoc tbe vo tag Prlooe of w»i«?n1 ,nha.e the xwnwe right of eonterrasg the honor of kaigfat- «**»M BOA iteSftri'w *•* ""dDto to reeling,and Oool -i«t to paBBSBSBt by tbe L»rd Lieuteaaat of Ireland, to aim He reW'^Ji^*.*.01"* * « y thing said or doner..i.tt.h1a,n.-..-- ->•--potatoartqaiteasloudlyTHE BIAMOXO ROBBSRT AT SARATOGA —ft will be remem- bered that during the early part of September tbe wife of»K=cbtam*,rybygivmamecUotU. Bonersofabigu«rexpertmeatvStTmJ?" I**1*011hou»e»»El*at- For "*t, andwhitibjrehereditary,requireapatent,and bothhia baa^w4^Z!!i?tmto*«»»8rH«Htoo,and tbrrefrre the omwa will act in those eaajs through the I b ^ d T s n e ^ b W s ^ - ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 0 * * 1 - H«praised.Dosnesttc Mewa Items. Ari-OISTXSXTS BY THS BJ , ITXiT1&'J.Hoyandfamily,ofNewOrleans,andMr.J.R.Frank.!dadIntotheeyasoftbeworld,andtoinveiglenoble- Ito, or tbe United States Army, are atoppisg at the Fifth i hearted rods into lending them aid and assistance. Tnere Avenue Hotd. are your boasted Revolutionary sires, no longer heroesla, Thompson andtody,ofLouisiana;A.G.Cummings, andsages,butacccmpltohedbumbuggersandhypocrites,ofConnecticut;J.D.Bellamyandfamily,ofNorthCaro- whosaid one thing and meant another;whopassed lina; J. F, Nead, of Philadelphia; J.Cibello,ofCuba; counterftitsentimentsasgsnatoe,andobtainedarmssndH. G Faut and XL D. Davidge, bath of Washington; L. money, and asstotaaco and ajntahtfar, on false praianoas. Stout,orOregon;Mr.Whittowandfamily,ofTexas:L. TheretoyourgrtatAmericanRevolution,nolongertheratoga,wasrobbedofdtosnoodsofthevalueoffiveorsix thousand dollars.' The robber, it was Bospected, was a finely dressed and beautiful tody, assuming, all tbe aire d a dasbirg belle, and wha managed to snake the acquaint- anceofMrs.White,sndthusobtainedknowledgeofthe placeofdepositof bervaluables. Ont day sirs Whiis misted ber acquaintance, and saw her jewels; aad a man, probabh her accomplice, disappeared d the anno toe from an adininitg hotel. A few days ago Iwputy ?h.d H«m had information of tht arrtvsl of s maa and woaaas inthiscity,ofrathergundyappearsaee,whoexhibiteda torse amount of valuable jewelry. This tod to satptetons, and atelegraphwaa aaat to8aratagaibr a description ot the jewelry stolen from the Union Hotel. The detKriptionthe Secretary of 5»at\ aa usuai at any ra-e. no mala b cn Me<Ji nalai:eratioc baa*been saaoemtoamiagi-rmoe'spatent edgentlemendonotknowWa^"*t * •**•Micbgan, vice Jacob BVOSC? r o a ^ ^ W a P l ' 0 ' ? ' J 1a*tr*theaaodoakaertopv'rsuodingrantingsuchhonor*' We be. ere the patent was iNrwardad teat week from Eax- luU :a bja Royal Highness.T¥V, HUKCS AK» 1WB mOWMJk*—Ak IKTlTt*>HV«i rw- n&vrsv—H;S KOTALHiGKKa'W'A** "rbmrsroo- ab pajgg PASd TO His M o . "so.,registeroftbelandcmcodMoaros lJn»iIL*T" tntheoneposition,leaning aanto-r?1Un to one °'c>«* JohnMcEnery,removed. GeorgePurvtorecdv^ n'?Artemsa Ward, tbe showman, tt.W maa of many 21 It is excess 'scwrecaas aad unLmiOi bamor, has' *•*•> «** Prince. estimate) uwty Toe zt*rwtewbetweenthesedistinguished sorsooswecp- Bightat lib i<m< to have takea piace at Sarnx, and A. ^ t r d , fi>q ,this port, carrytog110,710 IS tons of cod o g w *a e »*«d uHow TnsT TREAT VAGSASTS IX KSSTCCXT —Tbe CinciI-ofJeffersoncounty,Va,died on the 30th nit. By hia natif^taMerctalrelates the following incidentwhichoc wassent byexpress Insteadcf telegraph,andbefore Itraised bun up; the man remained standing. The police--ifw*emaybeallowed'suchmi!xttuurer—e-nabouthimwhuSEAHTHEMH DffiTBicr cr Naw YORK.—The republicans ofthe Eighteenth district hart nominated a Hoodcb Mix fathsr snd mother. Auidrtch was arreded in Groonbrtermanagainshookhim;themanagainfetlover. Hewaswe are led1 lo expect in the steiwedt nor #tb*.e-d*esert. -£- TiTr^T represented-and he is affirmed'to"brTnur^H •!" ^e r en.iy. a ah aoo-.uais may be eredrted * wl JJ* ^!oahmli^-L :cae that two propitK» eveJrti were 0 TM . ^ * ? *° again placed on bis legs. He remained there. The police- to the uninitiated, a "full b i o o d . S M R . - W B S ton, of the United States Navy, were among the arrivalsfor Congress.CARX SCHVRZ.—This gentleman, who is a native Prus.county, Va, eome tea dajs aince,aud tak.a to Louisa, lawrcnce county. Ky., where quite a Bumber of tbe citi- zens of tbe neighborhood in which Auldrieb lived (about thirty miles above Louisa took him from the authorities and sang bim without tbe benefit of a trial. The fatherman endeavored to flnlout who the inliv.dual waa, where he was going to and where be came from. The man re- maineddumbandInsensible,andseeminglyutterl;un-at tbe St. Nicholas Hotel yesterday.W. S. Gurnee and family, of Chicago; E Fischer and family, of Cuba; A. B Fargon and A. Guatheriy, both of Ricl I ond, Va , are stopping d tbe Lafarge House.wA uJ^f* 'PP11^ -*o bis aostrite, hut not a muse],, Bim,i b ! r , ; r - i ? * P >« *< " » « * success. StromTuckerman and w i n , H. H. Perkins and Miss King, all of Boston, are stopping at the Union Place Hotel.! rebellious colonies in the eyes of civilized mankind. i Thort to yoar Declarat ion of Independence, no longer the i sacred code o' tbo righto of man, but a hypocritical piece I of spedal pleading, drawn up by a batch of artful petti-doubts be was guilty, l b s whole community, far u d near, are much excited. _e r e d ^ L ^ , f f !h.*- uj"-«r * » thumb, not a nerve quiv-c -r:Bg a\-n viert to Caaada. Hi* Koyal Highness will thus • c i TM ^ 2 L \ l " d d r i , « nwobaaicdly little; one in high, and a very beautiful sorrel. He evinces more spi-ExGoverner Hebert, of Louisiana; Colonel Hardee,ef West Point : Colonel a a Tucker, of Alabama;r. Bell and C. C. Ctosey, both of Ivoutotona; A. Y. Col- . loggers, who, when speaking of the rights of man. meantburn, of the United States Army; Lee Fleming, of Mobile; i but tbe privileges of a set of aristocratic slaveholdera, W.Rodrup,ofPanama;F.StGeorgeSmith,ofIreland;Ibatstyledit"therightsofman,' iaordertothrow JoelWhite,ofConnecticut,whited theUnionHotel,Sa-t> bands on the top ofbteIBBSKSS? • t t u sitting with his George S. Frost, receiver"of oub !te*»^-^ ^ ^thtmorninghewasseentoMI»V?**ke**thi*case.In rntelli-TaxCambridge Observatory,Naw PLAXXI—Ferguson's*&tbe recept.cn of the Prince ; but on communicating with torn. Fkra, however, followed suit, sad TaTlman seizedthe Duke of Newcastle on tbe subject, that nobleman tbe opjwrtunity to take tbe pole. The quarter polo was in which all In costume formed. A circle was then cleared pairs made to it next week.stated that the acceptance of tbe man.testation would be reached in 37x seconds, Flora leading half a length. On and tbe games opened with, A man named,Victor kilted Camille Carmena, at Camp-retirement. They occupy the second aad thirdfloorsof time at the ditposal of the Prince was very short, bo score a length and a baif ahead in 2 20, but again brokethenewwiseonMichiganavenue. LordRenfrew'sbed- couldnotacceptanyothersimilardisplay. TheBritish OBtheupperside,themareimprovingherposition. On taatebsr it fnrahmtd with solid rosewood furniture, with residents of New Yorkfindingthai they could not demon tbe tor side, and exactly in the same place where bo green sad waits salia ssbnsrtu teg. The carpet, like urate their loyalty in this meaner, re sol eJ to express it broke up in the lii si heat, the horse to again carried off those of all the apartmeats, to tapastry. Upon the walls by tbe preseBtation of an address. Bat tbe reply of the bis legs and tbe mare passes him. Coming home theof his Bed chaw ser are suspended full length engravings Prince, through his attendants, wan, toat having declined mare breaks and the horse gams tbe pole. A good raceof QBSSB Victoria aad the Priaee Consort. Adjoining is similar addresses from otber Brit-ab sources, be could ensued; tbo whip is freely applied to the stallion, but no prize, Stewart, distance 78 feet.hands of Morgan Archbald, near Pleasant's mill, in Tulare county,August19. Archbaldtoinprison.Frank Vedderto, a German,accidentally shot and killed himself August 29, while in a boat fowling on FeatherTotala.«.... 18.b« private parlor, which is also richly furnished withrosewood, upholstered with dsrk blue silk plush. Theseafawisneets are decorated with beantifu) and fragrant•ctMtuew, the handiwork of some of the lady boarders ofthe house, who have taken no little Interest io preparingtor the reception and entertainment of the illustrious tbe large majority arc inclined to be restive and dissatis- the upper turn in tbe second heat, when both boraea brokefied. up. The judges refused to entertain it, aa they had not the nfeke of Newcastle, the Earl St. Germtins, Major Mr. Consul Ar,< KIKAT.D. to a few simple words, explain- witnessed an]thing of the kind complained of. There...21 ...14 ...18u.. ..13 ...27 18. .37• • • e WaJi..... lt e e e a s e d.480tlemen are wlBtog to allow that tbe action of tbe royal An objection of a frivolous nature was raised by Tal party is determined by prudential considerations, still man against tbe driver of Flora, for crowding upon him onirt-oerai Bruse, lxrrd Lyons and Sir Fenwick Williams are e l the whole action of tbe committee from the mo- retmed to be one universal feeling of satiffttfon alike 6. Putting tbe HeaTy Stone—Firat prize, a set of cos- At noon on Tuesday last, August 28, while about thirty Tbe number of deaths compared with the corresponding each f-cTided with two apartments, elegantly tarnished. ment cf its inception to the present time. He among witnera and bsers, as well ss those who had no tume belts aed ornaments: sesond, rlioe buckle and hose convicts, wb> have been engaged in building a new weeks of 1868 and 1860 and of tod week was as follows:—Tbe other members of the party merely occupy n bed said that tbe Prince fully appreciated tbe movements peruniary literest at stake on the nsult, at the victory First prize, J. Henderson, distance 28 feet 7 inches; chamber. The splendid drawing room of tbe bouse is also of the British residents, but regretted that time of the little bay mare, now, as ever the acknowledged second prize, Lyons, 26 feet 6}{ inchesa, i roprated to their use, besides which a private draw- and opportunity would not permit bim to accept "Queen ol Ihe .urf."wfcarf at Point San Quentin, and four guards were eating their dinners, the prisoners, at a preconcerted sigaal, seized flint granite rtoires, bricks and anything else atWeekending Sept 26,1868.. .441—Increase89 «Sept 16,1869..{}-.'.<rate u.nxg roim. liiaaer was served them hero, ia ! ber of kind osiers made to him from a variety o* sourcos, t XMWCorxst,I.. I—Monday, September 24 —Trotting son—thirty feet four inches. tain, a convict named Ktbbe (sent from Santa Rota, for Sept. 22,1860.{ chronic disease. MMing room a set apart for their use- Tbe reception roompre per of the bouss is used by tbe royal party as a of their generous hospitality. Besides, be did not wishM MMARY.tincethirtyonefeetfourinches. Secondprize,Bender *asrepliedtowithboliea Asnearaswecanascer-i< external causeBs,.ftc 60) acute dkItoappearinvidious,tor,havingrefusedtoreceiveanum•the esau luxuriant style of the boose, on their arrival j be could not reasonably entertain the propositions of the iratchjor *A00, two mie heats and repeat, in harness 7. Tbe Snort Kace—First prize, a silver mounted skein j manslaughter) was mortally wounded in the lungs, and i B....181>. 480last asealng, aad breakfast will be served them at a?ree British residents of New York.a* McMann nsmed Flora T« tupleP Tallin in named George M. Patcben.1don; second, a costume shoulder brooch. Won by John three others, named Kdwards. Bugbee and Portuguese Crown. Second prise, Peter Bowman. Joe, were struck In severil places by tbe bullets of the 6. The Standing Jump—First prize, a silver mounted j guards, who, reinforced by others from the prison, soonexternal causes, , s,fta.84jthis morning.After breakfast the Prince and suite, under tbe escort€•! the Mayer and some of the reception committee, will ride through tbe principal avenues of the city. ThsyTHS ROYAL C4R. requested to come forward and lake some initiatory step important one. Her owner has matched ber for the sunt; 9 The Running .romp—First prize, a silver quaigh, to Calirefnta City, and escape Into the mountains back of The car appropriated to the use of tbe Prince on this towards tbe proper reception of the Prince of Wales. He ci one thousand dollars, to beat tbe host time of the cele- (cup); second, a pair of costume brogues. Won by John Saucelito; and two of them, Portuguese Joe and another,Increase this week t DANIEL B. DELATAN.CitylA rood dea^of conversational discuieion resulted from the proceedinva of the committee, without producing any action of importanoe.1IMXQvnrter. 80fi sees'Half..aHerald ot the 7th inst. says:—At tbe ordinary meeting HOOSKK FAUX —Tbe population of Hooeiek Palis village equalled, as the nearest approach to them was by l.ady a muck; but the winner, John Croon, managed to get oft he Kensington vestry on Wednesday evening, Mr. Wil ] under tbe new census to 1 394. This is a sain of about 400Moacow, in May, 1S&G, when she went three miles m ahead; and his advantage, gained, in the scramble, he maintained to the close. He was assigned thefirstraize,kins to the chair, Mr. Roy brought under tbe notice or the members tbe sudden death of Mrs. GEIX, tbe wife or tbe Rev. J. P. Gel], incumbent of Ft. Johns, Nutting hill,I since 1850. Tbe returns for tbe entire town of Hoosiok are not yet completed.SOCTB CAROLINA.to wagons, June 13, If59. Tbo arduous nature' mounted skein dbu; third, a Highland bonnet and crest. den demise of his wife. He also said t tat a little interest was 1 ree colored mdestume. First prize, Prof. Anderson's magnificent gift to gentleman, ana proposed that a vote of condolence should White mdes Course, Long Island, when ehe defeated Princess, tbe club, a solid silver pitcher, cost $126; second, a silver be passed for the severe loss he bad susta ned in the sad Whitefemales1A9I 1,421 91 92 3,196 M,110 $1.^ $8,840 %\ 3 4* S 3of the task she has been matchad to accomplish must therefore be evident to all; but her owner and her trainer believe that she is fully capable of beating even the best time made by Dutchman, when be bad tbe advantage ofscientious conversation ot the claims of each, the judges awarded the first prize to John A. MePherson, tbe second to Thomas Cameron Gourley, and the third to Williamtain Shuttlewortb, one of the church wardens of St. Total slavesJohns, seconded the proposition, and said they felt the loss , Realeataleas a calamity t<> the parish. Bra. Gell waa no ordinary Foreign bornwoman, and went about done, unknown, doing good Insane or .diotxamongst tbe poor of the district. The resolution was Rlitd ,going under saddle. They maintain that in her race wilh Inglis.She could on that occasion have equalled if not beaten the • Goidie and Thomas Nicole—from seven competitors.to the Rev. Mr. Gell.i Slaves ICO years and upwardsAdam Walker, height five feet, five competitors. ol tbe oldest citizens of the town of Alexandria. He desirous of investing their pile than tbe supporters of the J 15. The sack race—First prize, a silver mounted Skein was born in Kent county, Maryland, on the 20th of "little bay mare." The latter has recently quite easily Dhu: second, a pair of costome brogues; third, a sot of October, 1774, and wanted, tberdore, exactly ooe ever, sad la the welcome tumult that ensued, ceremony a public capacity, be will always bear In mind their do beaten her old opponent, Fthan Allen, at Kalamazoo, esgle's feathers. Seven started in this race, but only me nib oi being 86 years of age. Having lost his father for the nonce was asade to tuooamb to the popular eothu- votion to tbe person of his royal mother and the effort three reached tbe god, tbe remainder having fallen, one while yet an inlant, in consequence of exposure in the t arm. Rut tot Detroit speak for itaeli :— they bare manifested to give him a right royal recep Michigan, over which course ber unequalled record of two after another, strewing, as it wore, the ground, where camp of the Revolution, he removed with bis mother to minutes 19% seconds was made. Whether she will suc- tbey tumbled about to Ihe great amusement of the spec PhJadelphla, where be resided during s portion of the ceed in accomplishing the task set her, and thus add . tators until they were extricate!. First prise awarded to Presidency or Generd Washington, occupying a house in Wm. Montgomery, second to John Law, third to Wm. the immediate vicinity or the residence or that illustri- another gem to tbe glittering crown she already wears by , Crossen. ous chief. He served an apprenticeship at the brush-810.600.9C0, asainst 811122,960 tost yea'—a decrease ol 9022,060: peraoad estate BOW, 86,806.000, against $.' tG3.4£0 last year—an increase of 8111,560; making the total appraisd now $16,464,900, agatort 816,616,431 toatyear—a decrease of $400,631. The number of polls in sow 6,827—a gain of 643 from tod year. Tbe rate of tax* ation to $8 on each thousand; tod year it was $7. f a s on each poll. $1 60.PEMNSYLVAXIA.cioos brethren ia the provinces. What they oooid not { of this, and while be baa necessarily to deny himself the solve far thamaBfros was unriddled by the crowd how- pleasure of meeting the British residents of New York in"Too dolightsof tbo otuloox are at band, and yesterday tion.gaTe cs a taste of their qutlisy, an instalment of inter After tome desultory discussion, as it was found that raftest dnzzie and heavy wet, which darkened all out of there waa no means of approaching the Prince in a man- titer; rt:ecte and dampened the ardor of the royalistic ner to bo agreeable to bla Royal Highness, the motion to recrpt.cnists. For a brief spa:* all enteprises were nnder discharge the committee was agreed to, aad the meeting a ch>cd and it sasmad that the moe; sanguine could do noit. it than gaae upon the threatening heavens and be-moan their fate. Etiquette, even the absorbing questionof etiquette, was drowned oat for tbe nonce, and the dearPiiiLADsiPHiA—The cottons of Philadelphia is so nearly eclipsing tbe Bashaw's record at three miles, will be seen 16 Hop slop and jump—First prize, silver quaigh making business in Bdtimore, and Immediately on at completed that tbe population to ascertained to be aboutMOND.| from the Richmond Enquirer, Sept. 22. ] Fromtoureday'sNEWYORKHKRALDweextractthein- teresting correspondence in which Lord Lyons, the Bri- tish Minister, officially announces that the Prince of Walessettle a very whirlpool of vexation, to be sure, in whichour cage* aid pLilcscpbers have douadered and well nigbfeet tnamaelves. Nations have been wrecked in the var-ies o! .?'*.•:-.talion, aad perfor» we are constrained to be-lieve that U.'.ro.l has escaped by the breadth of a hair.If the ha? aa rocked to the centre oa the agitated pointof a «eli sharpened et'qaetto, she has at toast vibrated in•A mu&er very dangerous to crockery and other fragiii- doubt not that Baron Renfrew would be pleased to visitGoidie, distance thirty-four feet three leches; third to Shakes removed to Alexandria in 1M)1, and since that Hrsb Pollock, thirty-three feet four inches time has constantly resided there. He filled for many17andlast.Tbewheelbarrowrace,blindfolded—Firat yearsseveralofficesofpublictrust,sndwasgenerallycad logiea wno have bora for a week racking their brains oa the BMsneotoos points of the reception—as to who is to'do"thePrinceandbowbetotobe'done'—wereat last at t standstill. And when we speak a'jojt momen tecs pcxts we do not wish to be understood aa over rat- ing tbe matter. There have been weighty arguments togate-money," tbe above liberal sum is onered, the win-prize, a silver medal; second, shoe buckles and hose;beloved and respected by those who came in contact with him.Mr. TBOMA8 GKKIOS, aa eminent citizen of Charles'.own,i es ft.tr* was tbe vexed question, -How many towels than H E ii. have in his bedmecn.'' There was tbe critical posn: iball the b*-kney coaches back up to the hotel or present a vulgar broadside•" Aad, more portentous than >H. are w«,. distinguished citizens that we are, tu bevoucUaTtd sa tntro-inetjoo, and, provided we are, who's « . * « l ? ^ " •••wbat's toarcome of utintro ucrt* We deem »t, limportmanet to stoattet hthat we have convey the party down James river, wnose planters ^ i £ i ^ V 2 M * ^ l * °° P*" * distinguis-1L ;'. ?d,^orrif *bMkfar<> ta,r »mile, a) dUtthoatt wouldbebappytoextendtheirwellknownhospitalityIt will be borne in mind that tbe great four mile race between Planet and Congaree, over the Fashion Course, come- ofl this afternoon.. - . . „ . . _ * _ — —~ — - - after we're <. f our floe river steamboats might easily be chartered to wr^acrt* wedenm »t important to state th_. „„Forbes, of Boston; G. O. Hall, of Louisiana, and K. M. Wal&b, of Washington, are stopping at the Breroort House.give you tbe particulars of a case of lynching wbicb oc-adjourned sin< He.on Iburscay next.. (cup); second, solid silver crest, with arms and motto of We perceive that at the New York State Fair, held at j the winner, presented by Mr. James Mrl.ellan; third, atu nil g his majority attached himself to tbe Masonic Order, of which be continued a very active member for sixty five years, being st the period or bis death the640 CCO, and the manufacturing capital $160,000,000. NEW JEK9BT.Sresxx Corvn —Tbe total population of Sussex county is w.thin a traction of 24.060. The increase snee 1869 IS only about 90f—not qaite eqnd to tbe increase to tbo villageofNewtonstone.Thetruthto,ssystheBraider, there Is not any chance for an increase ci population inSussex so long as our furnaces and forges r> main idle, and so iocg as many d our farmers insist up >n occupy tog and half tilling tbrte hundred acre farms inprefereBOS to li v ir g upon and thoroughly cultivating tracts of from ensElroira next week, the managers, with a spirit of enter ; pair of costume brogues. First prize awarded to Tn< 8.SHE TRINCE OF WALES GOING TO RICH- pi isc ana liberality not often witnessed, have awarded Nicola, distance thirty six feet four Inches; second to John oldest Freemsson, probably, In tbe United States. Mr.third, a set of esgle's feathers. First prise, Lawrence D. (travelling aa Baron Renfrew) will pay a vialt to Rich ner to receive $1,600, and the balance, S500, to be given Robinson; second, Wm Montgomery; third, D. Cleeland. i moid, somewhere between the 5th and tbe 10th of Octo- to tbe loser. We are informed that it is the intention of This concluded the programme of sports, and immedi- ICOAX TSABS—ThtCumberlandChOiH. BBW.M -~. wjft!> of Bdtimore; a W. Dorrance,, oi eainmore; v. W. Dorrance, ofMobile, andW.Y.Hicks,oftheUnitedStatesNavy,art stopping at tht Metropolitan Hotel.groat champion of universal principles, but a mean Van itstrick—awoodennutmeg—themostimpudentioapad-tton ever practised open the whole world.dr d U tm»rkedked with a white stripe on the forehead, white foredan. ia on a stumping tour In favor of the black republi-j can candidate for tbo Presidency. In hit speech at and brothers of tbe unfortunate man, I learn, adyised tbotbe otber, and hiiM^STUXBssys-Dortofthtweekending Tuesday,lMhof- *" ber, 116 boats cleared « « W 1 3 , 4 0 4 . o i t e o sof coat During tbo season there were 1 Jio beeta ch^Z?M| opened tost rrtntog at Pal ^ G%riien>aI aa>t, std everythtof^ ,, j ^ . ^| j^pa,was ms.ny an ornament 'gleaming hack tbe raya whichfelluponthorn. The crossbolt ortcarf,withitsappro- complimentedtbeladies,andreferred inpleasingterms Cancer.,wert not tote than eight or nine thousand spec tatcrs on tbe grounds, to whom the various gamessnd contests afforded unqualified pleasure A vary largo portion of tbe audience were ladles and children, who had convenient seats placed for their accommodation under tbe shade of tbo trees, and which tbey dit not re- linquishuntilthetoatoftbeprogrammewasfulfilled.doubt attract largo crowds.Omr Sam Frmncfaeo CorresposMlemce. 8A»PkAScrsco, Sept. 1,186$.Senator Gain Erplairs flte C^ictet Omdwt to JRi f*n-etsaasBto--Actf«ro«ftJte Black aVpuMioans—Pae WeoAerin California—tHfpotitton of Ihe Army Camdt—A DtDropsy in tbe chest...Dropsy in the bead, Jfropsy to the ovaries...Asphyxia.••».»•«........ tj1 be prizes wero distributed last night to tbe variouscornerofMercerandBroomestreets. The,awardsof JohnTurner,andLeviHanlord. BarnumwasPostmasterHospital 10 impassible, inasmuch as he Royal Highness had a! the far aide McMann pulled her back, aad they want to- 1. Throwing tbe Heavy Hammer—First prize, a High- bell's Flat, last week, by shooting him in tbe shoulder. Lunatic Asylum, Black- Ward's Jetand EmigrantThe sports wero opened with a Sketch red on the fieldprize, Then Graaaonk, who threw the hammer 60 feet; fortbesecond,JamesStewart,distance61tost.a04,a># ••*•7 316 M 10 31 m 212 Throwing the Light Hammer—First prize, a highly ornamented china pitcher,presented by Mr. James Monro;second, a Highland bennet and crest. The judges de- river.n. •«... ...lj 14. ••• O 16. . . . 3 16.clared ia favor of Grsroiek, distance 87 feet; for secondlaat Saturday William F. Hobson shot Thomas Gardi- ner, at Sacramento, inflicting a very serious wound. Hob ton, in justification of his attempt to kill Gardiner, de-...16 17.,...12 18.. j York. Ibis has led U considerable feeling among tbo dily and surely onward, and amid thunders or acclamation belts sxd ornaments; second, shoe buckles and hnaa; clares that Gardiner had seduced nis wife. This charge is i • . • ...19 19.; not accept an address from tbe Britisb residents of New thing can BOWsecure bim the victory. Flora strides stea- 3. Tossing tht Caber—First prize, a set of costumeBritish retidenu of New York, and although many geo- wina tbe beat in five minutes, and consequently tbe race. third, a set of eagle's feathers. Prizes won by James indignantly denied by Gardiner, who furthermore chargesStewart, Grassock and John Law. Mrs. Hobson of making advances aud holding out induce-4. 1 he Broad Sword Dance—Firat prize, a silver monat ments towards bim Hobson waa subsequently admitted ed skein dhu; second, shoe buckles and hose. The prizes to ball in tbe sum of t «• CCO.were adjudged to Jno. Taylor, Jno. A UcPlteraoa and Wil- At last accounts Gardiner was represented to be doing liam Inglis. welL The ball has not been extracted.6 Putting the Light Stone—First pr<ze, a silver medal; ,second, a costume shoulder brooob. Won by Lyons—die band, and assailed the guards. The shower of missiles2741" chronic disease.... 160 y 174Mile. Tnuo nVo. skein dbu: sewnd, a c?stume shoulder brooch; third, a made the rebellious convicts surrender, when they were ilinqiunt rostmasta—A Chapter of fhrdert and Shool- Compre ssion of the brain t OMSflt. 4generative orgeat «Heart and blood vessels 7Lungs, throat, ftc Old ageSkin, ftc, and eruptivtThe heat in tbe interior during tbe week has been tn- j 6 to 10 years ! tense. At Sonars, on Tuesday .the thermometer stood at ; 10 to 12 yearsOn Saturday tvealng Governor Downey spoke at Fol-son in favor of Douglas, where bo met a cordial reception. Tbo republicans are very active, aad will poll alarge vote la November. Tbey do sot erpeet to carry Uaderlytar tbe State unlets Bell gets twenty thousand, in which tbo 1 to 2 years prospects are considered good. • 3 to 6 years63 degrees. Io some parte of Tuolumne county tbe mer-cury stood at 115 degrees. The weather In Sage Francis- 8to 17 years co is quite cool. toaoyearsBT 3180 to 98 y e a r s . . . . . . . . . . 2 MtolMyesrn 1The camels belonging to tbe government, in charge of 80 to 26 yearsSuit has been oommesced by tbo generd government,After a beautiful display by the five contestants who suc- attached to the unfortunate event. as Mrs. Gell was the I ree colored females cessively competed for the prizes, and after a very con- only child of the lite lamented Sir John Franklin. Cap- Total fref(MR. JOHX SHAKES—Tbe Alexandria (Va ) Ga:eUe of tbe public do not place implicit credence in the statement) ed Skein Dhu; second, a pair of costume brogues. First tbe Slst mst. announces the death of an aged citi-ber, we presume. We are grat tied to know that tbe fu- Mr. Walterroire, the o*ner of tbo Bashaw stallion, to ately after the few tents on the ground were struck, the , Va., died en tbe 16th inst, at the advanced age of 82 Tooture King of a great nation, and the son of the wise withdraw h'm from the turf after this race. The attrac- bugle sounded "Ctme a'Thegether," and the bag pipes • deceased wss for many years President of the Branch of hundred to one hundred and fifty acres Sussex countyQueen and excellent wife and mother, Victoria, will not leave the country without seeing the "Old Dominion," tht first colony settled by tbe Engiiah. In addition to the many ebjeete of Interest in our beautiful city, wetion of the Stat* Fair will consequently be very greatly sent forth their notes, to tbe music of which the last the Valley Bank of Virginia at Charlcstown. at tbts hour is capable, under a judicious s.L.i.-vision of increased by the fact of this being tbe last trot between stragglers burrying in from the distant points, left the j LIZZY GRAY died on the farm or D. E T. Minn, Edge her soil, of doubling ber products, and.comfemb.y sua.these two renowned cracks of tbe trotting turf that tbe tronnd. Thus ended the fourth anniversary of the \ew field, S. O, at the advanced age or 127 years. Her pby- tainicg a population of fifty thousand.public will have an opportunity of witnegfin^.York Caledonian Gab.fcxian, in an obitnary notice which appears in the Edge- field Advtrtiitr, says she was Imported from Africa during the Revolution, after having borne four children in that country. During the Revolution she was a prisoner onMARYLAND.ST. MARYS Cot-NTT—Tbe white population of St.Maryficounty is estimated at upwards of 14,000; in I860 it was 13.6P8. Number of stoves row 4,000: oumber in ItfO, 6,856LYMBIAC at LAWBBSCS Courrv, BXBTCCXT.—A corres- nor.dent of the Cincinndi Eaqmrtr, writing from Meoth cf Sandy, Ky, Sept. 13, says—As an item of BOWS Iwn a of our Urge James river estates, with their maasiona built of English brick, and observe the practicaloperations of our patriarchal system of labor, aa to whichthere are so much ignorance and prejadiae in Great Bri-tain, asto personal testimony aa to the working of ourdomestic institutions might go far to produce a more cor-rect and conservative sentiment in his native tend. Some ton. Three originally were shipped, but most unfortu- Oavi, of Florida; W H. Russell,of Lexington, Mo.; R. B. in Mecca, and He grave was da"COVEHNOB SEWABD'S ARABIAN H0R9E8.The Albany Times says:—The much talked of horses stopping at the St. Denis Hotel.Walker and Mrs. R- Wood,both of Nashville, Team, are presented to Gov. Seward arrived in Albany from Boa- Major Z. B. Tower, of tbe rented States Army: Judgeunder the lLilur-nce of Mohamedan tenets, and dthough she united herself many years ago to the Methodist church, she ever said tbd "Christ built He firat churchP e r s o n a l I n t e l l i g e n c e .Mr. A. C. Perry, of the United States Navy; J. W. board a British ship. She was educated in ber youthnately the mare died on tbe passage. Neither of tbehorses would attract any attention on the street, and ifthe larger one was put up at auction unheralded, thechances, unless keen fanciers were in the crowd, are that Campbell and lady, of New Orleans, and J. Street, of since, died in Seymour, Conn., on the 19th inst., in tbe ous, murdered bis sister and his son, who were importantLmsTurrD SiATSs —Mr. George Isler. a westthy citizenHZ.VKY J. ATWOOD, a distinguished member d the Ma-curred in thia neighborhood today. About fucr or five of tbe State of New York atthe time of tbe famous weekssjioamantamedAuldrieb,whobad'eenreleasedDiarrhoeaDtpbtherite...DysenteryWpitopayErysipelas.............. 9 Pteartey.: Fever, nervoosFever,puerperal Fever, remittentTotalAIbumlbarlaandBright* diseased* ~fevers..... 32 Total, —Of which 33 wars from violent1 ;> Xa »MASSACHUSETTS.3Strangulation. 1 ..8dUncertainrd fevers 42esTtokan.^'8 dwemh.. 1> * a s • SM t • v ">... a1 Teething. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . s Dyspepsia.. . . • • • . . . « . . . ,Heart, disc Hetrt,dtoBBBOirtlamrnVi Marasmus,adultMarasmus, mfantHtPatoy B" R a p t u r e . . . . . . . . . . . . . . » StTOfuto . ••.. ...«•• ••••2fi United States.Colored Home Hospital... 3Colored Orphan Asylum 1 Standi Pox Hospital, Back- Island Hospital 3 well's Intend 1well's Island 4 H o s p i t a l . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 St. Vincent's Hospital.... 244Sept. 24v 1869..484—Decrease f Deaths from acute diseaseKsw Tcxx, Sept. 25, 1869.T h e C e a s w s . KEW YOBS.Wrsr TROY —Tbo total population d West Troy at thepresert time, is 8.952. divided aa follows —First ward,j 2,083; Second ward, 2,088; Thtrd ward, 3,1C0; UnitedWOBCXS-IKX —The returns of tbe assessors shew that teaSwitzerland...Total »e ar.aatcry sa'byowsi— | BotojuaadaM asecar ft w« sot dewo to the .r**rro ft I22b.M. A£9BL1*6.7mia,the rstr grouBds at Hmlra, N. Y.,and tondodtott^wocd.war Bast 1 jmaboro, Mans , on Friday. A derm"^savSwtU he liberated all hla slaves,fifteenor twenty la num- ber, gave three of tbem $1,£00, and tbe others SW each.he be-reached this city Uw parties suspected had left for Hali- fax, where they probably sailed for England in tht Ca- nard steamer of Taursday. The description sent en an- swered to the rewelry exhibited by toe snspttted coopto to thto city.—Aston rrsndlnr. " " ~. . .MOCNTAIS—This gentleman made an ascension fromcurred at Covington, Kentneky:—At tht Circuit Court. on Saturday, another white man, named James Moors, waa placed on trtol for vsgraacy, and, the juryfindingbim rtiiHy, be was sentenced to be told at Bijslfe; auction toto involuntary teryitodt for tis moniesk* * hur:,<me, bot stew feVkmdy was not snows?Thomas M. Tryniskil ,il!?^K3L iE? ''» raddtof in Illinois,Untitled Document^309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069www.fultonhistory.comtohqueathed aboot $2»,C«0 worth of property. 