 ).-and industry. What he knows, therefore, he knows well and accurately, and he never pretends to a knowledge which he does not possess. It is absurd to assert, as some do, that Mr. Lincoln is a third or fourth rate lawyer. He has been among the lead- ing practitioners of the State for many years, and Erobably not a judge or a member of the bar canRailroad Convsntiom.An adjourned meeting of the .representatives of the five Atlantic trutk lines of railroads has been in session for the pastatwo days at the St. Nicholas Hotel. Mr. J. Edgar Thomson, of the Pensylvanla road, acting as Chair-JItice of law. There U hardly a day passes thatdoes not bring with it some new remindering to other >ources,*I find as it were everybody here of sufficient age well remembering htm aa having been in lb44 the champion of the tariff ofconservative position taken by him in that famous and he knows he can accomplish his purpose bet- discuision, he was selected by the Chicago Con- ter with the aid of Mr. Seward. So fearful has \ention as the standard bearer of the republican Weed been that "Honest Abe" w'Jl be influenced party. The platform adopted by that Convention by Greeley in his appointments, the latter having isinharmony with the views "expressed by Mr. contributed so largely towards the election of Lin- Lincoln in his discussion with Douglas. He stands coln, that he ("Weed) has made one, and some npon that platform and agrees that it shall be the say two, pilgrimages; to this city Bince the guiding policy in his official conduct it elected Pre- Chicago nomination. Of course he was sident. Perhaps his real position on the slavery courteously received by Mr. Lincoln, but the lat- question and the right of States relative thereto ter, having receive! no overtures from Mr. Greeley, cannot be better defined than by quoting from was bound to a,dhefe to the policy he had adopted one of his speeches, delivered at Ottawa in of treating- all alike. Mr. Weed could get nobeen placed on exhibition for a few days at Ojbprn's jew- elry store, under the St. Nicholas Hotel. It was executed at a cost of $500.10—C A. Trimble, rep. 21—J. A, Bingham, rep: 11—V. B Horton, rep.Republicans, 13; democrats, 8. Present delegation, re- publicans, 16; democrats, 0; democratic*gain, 2 The gains are in the I'.fteenth and Seventeenth districts,from 040*0. il * PUWtTAUi by £« CM*»#4 , •tha'•cwuiti XBU&"...of the nation, whoee very life roents of a sub. ct, and disregarding minor de- t c j Aitoa ttailreedaa4 the 4ke*t Wesj- ^t^gOr***, is opftof the most striking, pr«L*>eworthylanil oow- tails.. He is eminently a fair and candid prac- eiful flustratioBS of thegrniua and beauty of our titioner and reasons*. He never inten-ihe form of ' Honest Abe." ThfrdetaiteoftfPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.w*,ch latter cenaecfB but an bo-^-,, jjae e M t 0»rival ot Seward and bis reception will reach yon he supposes he related the aoecdoUa to some of bisDwkejor Xewcaotie. It will be the future text orl'oikkat eve%t» ia the tution .have recently manyta conversation in Buckingham palaie> after the better reason;" he is very ant to flounder; butforeignMinisters,ortotalkofinaugurals,orofthe'?Tu fe WM?eTcr toTtt«a to stetankjKall, foreign and domestic policy to be inaugurated by the aad • q u i t e sure he never said he had been.new republican admiaiatration should it Obtain pow- In clowas thia letter about Mr. Lincoln, I beg to er. In fact I am of" opinion, from all I have say that 1 have endeavored to present the man asths Bute We sbonld judge tost tbe conviction has al- ready forced itself spon him, for we see It announced that he win tfeak as Butgaaattea ea|bs Site last., saw sAsrwsrds he will visit Onondago, Wayne sad Chautauqua counties.Loos ocrrosnrs Nwent—It sbonld not be forgottentempts to make what he thinks "the worse appear turn* 1 all eyes, towejds %tiagjQ.e)d aa tea >on*c of the rbval yarty return, when they compare our let him examine a question thoroughly, let himseen, heard and learned since I have beenhe really is; to representing his political views Ihave, in every instance, appealed to his ownrecord as the best evidence. I have been guidedreoivedner*. All parties concede that as those8t«"'s go at that time so goes the great nationalecmU-st ia November. !.*i v!ew of these facta, ia stature myself. He received me very kindly, giv- gree, and which so much endears him to his friends, already tke travellers* he approaches Springfield, ing me a cordial shake of the, hand, aad politely and that ia the earnestness of his mental character.tract of a speech delivered in Leavenworth, thousand votes to their party.#Taa CocxaDi Msn « D Mnmra Mo or tun Steve -in poinfeett© a Bee double two story wooden dwell-invited nse to be seated. He entered at once into When he know* he is right, the depth conversation npon the general topics of the day. of his conviction, as felt by himself,ing house, sainted stone color, with green blinds, His face ia a study—especially when it is lighted nphim, especially concerning bis personal appear-ance, am intellectual capacity, hie general know-ledge of the taeory of governnient, and tjgpcciarty chusetts. His mouth, ft is often trrtty remarked,whole people as a lho>ough reorganization of the whole government.reu- the success of th) republicans would destroy the I'nitn. Wh> - Do the republicans declare sgaiost toe UUU-L? Nothing like it. Yoor own siatement Of it is, thai If ibe "black republicans" elect a President you won't eULd it. «You will break up ths LnKw. , That wul be your act, not ours. To justify it. yea most shew that our policy gi< e a y o s joss cause for such desperate action, dan youvery much resembles Henry Clay's. After Mr. of his ability to adnrinfcter the government if per- Lincoln's nomination I frequently heard it said inchance he should be elected President. Having Washington that he looked, in general appearance,seen Mr. Lincoln, aad taken coa-iderable pains to like Mr. Adams, member of the present Congress from Kentucky. Any person who haaseen the twowill readily observe the resemblance. $It is astonishing to observe what a vast number of people, of every party, and seemingly,from I take it forXgraated that the reader ia already every section of the country, call upon Mr- Lin- coln. He has been obliged to abandon bis prac- tice in the courts, aad gives little attention to any- thing else than the reception of his friends, the coln, by the frequent relation of his early "rai^ reading of the principal political papers of theThere were about three hundred ia tanks, last lag a eery Imposing and brilliant display. They each wore a red srerl, with the Utters M. I imprinted on it. The oigasizatinn Is rapidly eitendiog through tbe Stats sadpoet myself np on these and other points, f submit the result of my investigation* to the American fee pie through the column* of the HERALD.elections will donbUets atiSmlate its growth, sad we would net be surprised if, in a month, with proper drill and discipline, u furniahfa an army suoog enough loM.f.. itntly well satisfied In regard to the physical d< velopement and muscular quaUUtea of Mr. Lin-and tell who they intend to have r e m o l d and ap- men cannot and will aot submit to yoa. Wnile you sleet pointed in this, that and the other place. The Prestdei ts we submit, neither break sg nor attempting to boldest of these men are, of all Others, the very break up tae Union. If we shall coMtitu'.ionally elect aWe are glad to see the people of our State everywhere preparing tor tbe crisis wbteb ia at basd As aa offset to the'" Wide Awakes" of toe North. ''Minute Men" are or-splitting" history. He alludes with becoming mo. -de»ty to the fact that whan ha first reached thesilence. .Perhaps, from this standpoint, a little gossipabout-Mr. Lincoln'^administration, should he bethe fortunate man, may not be out of place. It isgenerally conceded, I believe, that Mr. Sewardwill he tendered-the first place in the Cabinet, theoffice of Secretary of State: an<i the impoliticfriendB of the latter; except Mr. Weed, unite to de-claring that he shall not accept any place underLincoln, but remain in the Senate and be in linefor the nomination in 1864. The more politicfriends of Mr. Seward, adv!se that he go as Minis-ter to England; that should Lincoln's adminis-tration be' a failure he will be. burdenedwith less of the responsibility than he cent merchants. The features of tbe girl are Indescriba- tion In Ohio to tbe Thirty serestfa Congress:— would if he w n Secretary of State, orter ere answered, and those relate to Territory of Indiana—for it waa not then a matters of a private nature wholly. HaLincoln.in conversation with Mr. Lincoln I fonnl himeminently conservative. It will be remembered that Mr. Benjamin, in his place in the Senate of the United States at the last session, in comparing the consistency and conservatism of Douglas and Lin- coln, said, with reference to the debate between those two men in Illinois, in 1848:—"I must say here, far I must be just to all, that I have been suiprised in tbe examination that I made again within the last few days of this discussion between Mr. Lincoln an i Mr. Douglas, to find that Mr. Lin- coln is a far more conservative man, unless he has sinje changed his opinions, than I had sup- posed biai to be. There waa no dodg- ing on his part." In justice to Mr.be might think Himself right. So, if constitutionally weelect a President, snd, therefor, you undertake to destroythe Union, it will be eur duty to deal •itkyoussoktJohn Brown has be*n dealt with. We shall try to do oar arise in the present perilous positiou of the Southern duty. We hope snd Relieve that In no section will a States In Keithaw, AkbeTiUesnd Richlanldistricts theBute, J believe—he waa a poor boy, and soughtb0BM P 9 timM ffurdedl * T^ * * " »and aa would command the• best pay and renderthe greatest advantage to the frontier settlement which he proposed to, and did afterwards, aid inrefuses letters for publication to all, no matter fromwhorn tbe request cernes. There are lots of small politicians all over the country who magnify their importance by pouring letters in upon Mr. Lincoln about unimportant matters which the chairmen of the different State Central Committees never thinkmajority so act as to render such extreme, measures necessary.organization la already complete and powtrful, embracing the flower of they onto, and led on by tbe most tofluea- tial citizens. Tbe badge adopted is a blue rosette twa and a half inches in diameter, with a military button in the centre, to be worn upon the aide o! the bat. Let the important work go bravely on, and let every son of Caro- lina preptre to mount the blue cockade.it necessary -to wi*te about. These small potato rearing. Ha speaks of it now with the same feel- politicians desire letters from Mr. Lincoln to carryFins Arcs. "THE BASHFUL GIBX."ings of pride and satisfaction that a successful jour-nalist, In his advanced age, covered with thehonors which honesty, economy and. industry al-ways wing, would allude to the time when hofirst entered an apptentice in the printing officeas "roller boy." or, in the more common accepta-tion of the term, as "printer's d e \ Q . n Of coarse,many of the incidents of Mr. Lincoln's early life,which are now so profusely poured out upon him,he had forgotten himself, so closely has he appliedhimself for many years past to the study and prac- relative to his view on the tariff question. Turn-David Richards, the sculptor, has just tinisheds in whiteItalian marble, a beautiful figure of what t ^ c i l l s " TheBashful Girl." It has been executed for one of our promt .correct list of the representativse chosen at the late elec-of his old friends and his early strug- IM? in Illinois. They tell of a discussion between gle with life. It was only last Friday Mr. Lincoln and John Calhoun (late of Kansas Le-compton constitution notoriety) upon that quairPreviots to its removal to its present place of exhibi-tion it formed one of the ornaments among the works ofart In the apartments of tbe Prince of Wales, in the where Hon. Wm. Helmlck and Hon. T C. Tbeaker, both Fifth Avenue Hotel. The Prince snd suite expressed ad- republican members of the present Corgress", were de-that I was first introdaeed to Mr. Lincoln in theexecutive department of the State Capitol of Illi- week, in the court room at this place. Still on ex-a marked trait in hia character—conscientiousness.tective tariff opinions. So much for "democratic"sightedness, great executive and administrative indelllble witness to the genius of Its author, and strongly ties as follows;—Young Lincoln was then fourteen or fifteen years testimony.Turning to whig sources, I find that at a whigof age. Books were exceedingly scarce. "Dil- mass convention at Vandalia. Illinois, on the 17th wortli's Spelling Book," the Bible and'^Esop's Fa- of July, 1834, the following resolution was report-ability and experience wquld be a great acquisition enlisted the sympathy if a friend, who, with what littleDemocratic.148.540 • 99.01946897The majority for Curtin," republican, for Governor, overFoster, In 27 counties, ia 13,166.Tbe majority for Cochran, republican, in the same coucbleV were the standard works on the frontier inthose days. Next to these Lincoln, with some diffi- Mr. Lincoln was understood to be the author culty, obtained "Pilgrim's Progress," "Life of of i t : -side toe Cabinet programme.Among those talked of for places in the Cabinet,own bust. This, as the result of a first effort, waa re- markable. It was recognized as a One likeness by all who knew the original, and gained toe artist considerable re- putation.Franklin," "Weem's Washington" and "Riley'sNarrative," aad read them over a * over again, andbecame so absorbed in the life of Washington thatReaolved, That we are In favor of an adequate reve nn« fiorn duties on imports, so levied aa to afford ample protection to American industry.Tbe proceedings of this meeting were printed inas much entitled to these as the white man. I agree with Judge 1 *ouglas that he is not my equal In many respects— ret tain y cot in color, perhaps not In moral or intellec tual endowment; bat in the right to eat the bread with- out the leave of any one else which his own hand earns be Is my equal, and the equal of Judge Douglas, and tbe equal of every living man.his selection, are the following:— SECgrrARY OK STATE.ties in 1859 wto 13,608.COME IN —The Schenectady Newt, a 9ery democratiche made every effort to obtain a more extended the Sangimoa Jmtrrud, published in thia city, ofjournal of the Breckinridge school, has anally hoisted the Union ticket.August 7,1844.tost he learned that a Mr. Josiah Craw- The above paper of July 4,1844, contains an ac-SorTHiK.v BASKS PUTAKIXC FOR TUB P o u n c u . Ciusig — The Raleigh (N. C ) Regitter ststes, on "undoubted au- thority," that the State Bank or North Carolina, in view Of tbe alarming condition of the country, has determined to suspend discounting until fatore results shall be de-history of the Father of his Country. Ated him the book. Lincoln soon read it through..Before returning it to its owner, however, it acci-dentally became saturated with water, and wasnearly spoiled. Lincoln, upon hearing of the ac- tions, to adjusted that, while it will yield no more than isnotknovu He could not purchase another book, equal protection aad encouragement to every branch ofIn l?.'»0 the democracy of New Hampshire, in convention assembled:—Resolved, That we are opposed to tbe admission of any new State into the American I ohm, with the prooi» that slavery shall be tokratid.Resolved, That it is tbe duty of tbe members of our State Legislature,-whenever tbe subject of slavery shallpoised a little bird, with its wings extended and its head bent towards tbe body, whose eyes were intently gazing at it, as though it was enticing bim to follow nWthos idealizing the scene, by making the bird represent s ministering spirit, in consonance with the sentiment or tbe hymn beginning withAmerican Industry.secondly, because another copy of the same work • Mr. Lincoln has not changed his views upon thetariff question since 1844, as will be seen by the following tariff plank from the Chigaco platform:— Resolved, IS, That while providing revenue for the support of the general government by duties upon im- ports, sound policy requires such an aljnatment of thesefor two reasoaa:—First, because he had no money;than to him. His knowledge, general and profes- advocate—standing at the head of the legal pro- sional, has teen the result of his own intelligence•The Turf.FASHION RACE COT*ReE— A KOVEL TROTTIMi M ITCH.A number of gentlemen, interested in improving the breed of horses snd encouraging snorts of toe turf, have made arrangements for a stmewhat novel race, t? coxe off on the Fashion Course, Long Island, next Thursday. A purse of teco Las been given, as s prize, by Mr Monsot,man, and Kr. W. a»nly, or the .Grant Trunk Railroad longing to private gentlemen residing in New York or /Canada),,as Secretary.fession of Illinois—and a statesman who has shownhimself, by the popular verdict of the people of hisown State, able to cope with one of the most exporienced debaters of the American Senate—the ac-knowledged leader of the " democracy" of theNorthwest, and the regular stmdard bearer of theparty in the nation. So much, in general, for Mr. with his forensic efforts, who will express a doubt Lincola'a birth, poverty, education, rise and pro- as to his being a superior, man. While he is ex-ceedingly well informed upon all general subjects, gress. Itillbecomes us,inmiscountry, especially hecannotbe consideredalearnedman,and whitewhile wa are petting and feasting the prospective he is regarded a superior he cannot be called athe foliowing roada were represented:— New Cork Centra'—F.rutus Corning. NewYorkandErie—N;Marsh.Grand Trunk, Canada—W. tbanly. Pennrjlvania—J Edgar Tucrrson. Baltimore snd Ohio—J. W. Ga-ret. Bellefontaine— J. Brdngh.Marietta and Cin nctaii—N I. WilsonPitisborg, Columbia and Cincinnati*-T. L Jewett.vicinity. This ia to exclude the professional horse racers. Mr. Monnot's Tartar, Mr Fe! ton's Putnam and the bay mare BelleBrandonhavealreadybeenentered,»idthelists,we beli« ve, are stilt open. The bills announce that iaaemce* ss ibe arrargements are under the direction of a eoastnit- tee t r recti' men with whom pecuniary profit M no ooo- fiCeiatioB, neither paina ner expense will J>e spared to render tbe »ff»ir every thing that could bedtslre^. From ttc cbaraet< r of tbe g*niieasea connected with tt WR Lave t o dcubt tost tbe premise will be ralflUed. i "'King and nobles of one of the monarchies of the Old World, and boasting to them of the superior advantages of our government, of our free schoola and higher free institutions of learn- tag, with an idea of impressing them with the great leasoa of the American republic—that the highest office hi the gift of the American peo- F'e'p^pen to every honest* and persevering citi- res of sufficient Intelligence, from the humblest tothe highest bo»"U-4n the .same hour and with al- »'jst the same b;«ath, to dis»?arage, in any degreevery learned lawyer. The learning which is ap- plicable to the case in band he understands, and it may be safely asserted that most of the vast legal lore which he possesses has been acquired in thk practical waj^ He is remarkable for the clearuesa of his views, and the precision with which he states them. There is never any mystification about his presentation of a subject. You see at once that he comprehends it clearly, and it is to be observed that he will not discuss It until he doe*. He is by no means a diffuse speaker: when ho has developed the point strongly he kavea if. and connected wi:h this quality, perhaps a part of it, is hji hahjt of grasj-ing the vital and essential vieor entertained, any suspicion thatjthe Kentuckians. j Little Miami, Coluabussnd Xenta—W H Clements.or any of them, dtsired to do him violence. Mr. j Aid a deputation from the Southwestern roadstucky manhood before us. I saw at once that he was a man I should have to look np to, being shortparage his intellectu il powers. There is another quality also which he possesses iu a great de-Wo published s paragraph a few days ago announc- ing that the Sooth Carolinians on the receipt of the news of the result of tae October elections Were ''mounting IU cockade" d o South Carolina papers bring the explanation of the term. Armed beads ate being organized tn South Garo!ma|caJ»edwill be likely to be transferred to those who listen theresidenceofAbraWLincoln.Toseethis nationalpolitics.Fhaveneverseenapictureof thosewhohearhim.Ithasbeensometimessaidsituated hi the •outnweeterly part of the city, aa by some interesting conversation or discussion on to bim, and this is one element of his power oversay", that he wonld probably be that very man.Thismakesitmoreinteresting.Ithastheringof MinuteMen,sadintendedasaso&acttotheWidejVaksahim that does anything like justice to the original, "coming man" with nrf%wn ••yea, and to lirten to although I have seen some that would be calledthat he requires a good deal of preparation, but thettnth is few men are more quick at turning a pointposted to an astonishing degree m the details ofourgovernmentinailitsdepartments.*Heseemstometobejosttheman for the enormous workbefore him. It. is 'blear that, should Mr. Lincolnbe elected, nothing that he could do would soreadily win him.the esteem and confidence of the But jo i, deana-ate, are for ths Union; sad you greatlybim witlt my o w / em, waa the principal good. He is a much better looking man than or more ready at repartee ia the rough and tnmbleobject of my visit h e * . Much has been said about any of them represent. The upper part of debate, and no man sooner sees or understandsJatksonism jn it, and if Lincoln is elected, I have no doubt be will carry out hia own programme. Here it is:—of the Norlb." The badge adopted is a blue rosette whb-e military button ia the esntre, to be went a p t tbe side of the ha. as a cockade. Oa Saturday sight last tbe Minute Mea of Columbia, S C , turned out h t t torchlight proess* ston. The Carolinian says:—of hi* face and head, his * nose, high cheek bones, deep eyes and heavy eyebrows, remind one of the late Burns Choate, o | Massa-the effect of a fact or a reason, upon hia own or hisadversary's position. Bis style Is forcible andtransparent, often like his garb, plain and home-spun; his language f r e q u e n t idiomatic, very rare-ly eloquent or polished. He Is sometimes impas-sioned in debate, occasionally, though seldom, elo-quent, his illustrations usually happy and welladapted to the hearer, and he has an inexhaustiblefund of story and anecdote, of which he makes fre foreign appolntmenii in their pockets,, and occa- Nitbib* more and nothir g less. De yoa really thick yoaor "coon tariff," as that paper then denominateded from a committee of which Mr. Lincoln wan aI bold that, notwithstanding all this, thereIs no reason In the world why the negro Isnot entitled to all the natural rights enumeratedla the Declaration of Independence—the right of life,liberty and the pursuit of happiness. I hold that he la and from whom, most likely, Mr. Lincoln will makemember. It was adopted by the Convention, andSo much for Mr. Lincoln's record on the slavery count of a meeting held at Peoria, Illinois, June question. It is not near so radical as some of theford (the same man alluded to above), 19, 1844. It appears that Mr. Lincoln made a avowed doctrines of the democratic party. Mr.who lived not far from the residence of young speech at that meeting advocating the claims ofLincoln, had a copy of "Bamsay's Life of Wash- Henry Clay to the Presidency, and supported, says framed the Cincinnati platform, when acting asSECRETAnY OF THE TREASURY. Moses H. Grinnell, of New York,Senator Simmons, ef Rhode Island. John Sherman, H/C, of Ohio. Kenneth Raynor, of North Carolina. Sonatjr CoUamer, of Vermont.PO*miASTEK GENERAL. Fits Henry Warren, of lows.Senator Chandler, of Mleblgaa. . Schuyler Colfax, M c ^ o t Indiana. N. B. Judd, of IllinoisSECRETARY OF WAR. Frank P. Blair, J*a»of Mitsouri.CastiosM Clay, »'f Kentucky. John Minor Botts, of Virginia. Benjsmln F. Wade, ef Ohio.SECRETARY OP THE NAVY. Fimon Cameron, of PennsylvaniaJohn A. Gilmer, M. C , of North Carolina. John P. Bale, of New Hampshire.SECRETARY OF INTERIOR* Ga'usna A. Grow, of Pennsylvania.Benjamin F. Hallett, who has the credit of having ington." He sought out Mr. Crawford, who loan- the Journal, in an "eloquentand stirring speech*" chairman of the Democratic State Committee ofnately died rather suddenly from as attack of croup. That great pecuniary distress will result from totsRichards was called in and took a foil length post mor- step cannot be doubted. The Bank of North Ca-tem cast of tbe deceased, from which be modelled hut full rolina has just gone into operation, with a largesized statue. While preserving his features, he imparled capital. The fact that it would be its interest tos spirited ideality to the figure, The body was lightly lend out its money freely, doubtless Induceddraptd; while one band rested on tbe rustic end of a many to make contracts snd engagements, on tbesmall broken tree, bis other was slightly extended sad faith or being able to fulfil them by sooomnoaatioes at raited to the level of bis eyes. On toe forefinger was that institution. All such men will, ofooursv come opthe following resolution:—Resolved, That foremost in Importance among theseMassachusetts, in 1849, to a State convention wrote and rtported a resolution, which was swallowed whole by that body, and became the avowed policy of the party, which reads as follows:—Resolved, That we are opposed to slavery in every form and color, aad in favor of freedom and free soilprinciples (the prlnciplei wbteb have guided Henry Q*y) we recognise and affirm that of providing ana tkmal revenue by a tariff of duties on foreign import!necessary for aa economical aad effioieat administrationcident, was much annoyed. What to do he did of the fsteral government, win at the same time afford wherever man lives, throughout God's heritage.,snort, sad those to whom they are under obi gallons will in tarn bo reduced to great pecuniary inconvenience, lo s word, it is bard, if aot impossible, to foretell the end of this beginning.Tax Corxsxi Of COOK, TUB Issrsas* nosier —Among ths democratic members of Congress just elected in Indiana is the Boa. D. W. Voorhees, whose great speech in behalf of Cook, one of tbe followers or Old John Brown, condemned aad executed at Cbarisstown, Vs., gave bim a national reputation as one of the moat brilliant orators of tbe present day.waa nowhere to be found in that region at thattime. After much annoyance, young Line .In toldMr. Crawford that ho desired to work for bim un-til he paid him for the cost of the book, Crawford tmp<wuastoeoooarage*the developement of the indus- frteelom.Vital spark of Heavenly name, Quit, oh ! quit tola mortal frame. • e , sHark T they whisper, angels say, Slater spirit, come away.refused; but the hoy ksis'ed, and the former final- trial interests of the whole country, and we commend In 1855 the democracy of Ohio that policy of national exchanges which secures to theATTORNEY GENERAL-. Wilbam L. Dayton, of New Jersey.H Winter Davis, of Maryland.Judge Nelson, of Tennessee.Judge Charles Allen, of Massachusetts. Wm. M, Evarts, ofwew York.Tbe effect of this idealization produced s touching effectupon all who saw it. The panic of 1857 seemed for a timeto blast the hopes of the struggling artist. At the dark-sat period of bis adversity, when without means, and unable to raise money to pay for s poor room in s tenementbouse, he called on his friend to state that be was aboutto leave the city In despair, and go to the''country. In a manner to the Union party, when one of its friends, In sly said to him: " Wall, Abraham, it you working men liberal wages, to agriculture remunerating Resolved,.That the people of Ohio now, as they have think yod ought to pay me for the book, prices, to mechanics labor and enterprise, and to the na- always done, lock upon slavery as an evil, and unfavora-Hx M.4DI A MiSTiKX —The Staunton (Va ) Spectator says that whilst Hon. William Smith (Extra Billy 1 was making he speech at Harrisonburg be alluded la a contemptuousand yon choose to do so, yon can 'top' my tion commercial prosperity aad Indepen lence.held of corn, and I will square accounts with you." So ranch for Mr. Lincoln's views on the tariff. While in Chicago, and during three days' tarry 'Agreed," responded the conscientious lad; and, in this city, I have had an opportunity ofble to tbe de velopement or tbe spirit and practical benefits of free institutions: and that,entertaining these senti- ments, they will at all timet feel it to be their duty to use all power clearly given by the terma of the national compact to prevent its Increase, to mitigate, and anallyOne item in the programme much tilked of isgarret room with a small gable window, be bad modelled loud, clear voice, huszaed for Bali snd Everett. Mr. S , a beautiful ideal baa relieve Grecian formed head aadafter three days' hard labor, Abraham cut the tops conversing with at least three of the ablest to eradicate the evil.tbe precise position to bo extended to Colonel Fre- ffrom the entire .field of corn, which were used aajurists "to the State of Illinois, before whomThe same year the democracy of New York, in Convention assembled:—Resolved, That while the democracy of this State will faithfully no here to all tbe compromises of the constitu- tion and maintain all the reserved rights of the States, they deem thia aa appropriate occasion to declare their Dxed hostility to the extension of slavery into free tern tory.mont. The post *f Minister to France is named,and. it is said, with how much truth 1 know not,that he would accept it if it should be tendered tohim. He speaks the French language correctly^ in advance for his room. His friend gave him ten dol-"fodder" for Mr. Crawford's cattle, and he thus be- Mr. Lincoln has practised most of the time since he was admitted to the bar. One ofexecuted in white Italian marble. He stid that he had would be very weak, exclaimed, "That is right, normacame possessor of the book, which, although con-siderably damaged, was still readable and highly Lincoln, being a supporter of Mr. Bell. Another treasured by the new owner. This little incident is quite aa much a friend to Judge Douglas as tonot only illustrates a noble trait of character in young Lincoln, but, unqaeatioaably, will never be ertkeed from the memory of Mr. Crawford. In the course of conversation witn Mr. Lincoln I alluded to this circumstance, informing him who related it in Washington shortly after the Chicago nomina- tion, and Mr. Lincoln recollected it very well.bat two dollars left, and woultWrne very soon five dollars for Bell." In response to thtt invitation to the friends ofthese judges ia an active political opponent of Mr.lars, and told htm to bring his head of B Hope " to him. BeU to speak out, there went up auch loud aad numerousThis be did, when his friend hired s porter and carried Shouts for BeU for severs! minutes that all were surprised,NEW Y O R K -**rH E R A L D , m* < i .»«*S A T U R D A Y , 7"T^ I|Nir*O C T O B E R 2 0 i —n—?—•- "Mt'~•k.1 8 6 0 : - T R j ; P L E S H E E T .TTTT- TT- —:«P ] Respondent Was here, m*.Lincoln's Kentucky friendbad not again written him. Mr. Ltoeom says«y»wiB of government that the history of Una coun- tionally mistakes the position of an an- vGovxnxos 'aawiat $to«a aUca BWHJSSWO—la eas of say, however, in pagtsing, that the meeting of Lin- dent, though be does not remember it. He is vary his Western speeches Senator Seward declared that when coln aad Seward wha quite cordial. Of course, sure he said nothing from which an impntation he became eonvtreei that New York woild aot give sixtyB ne with tbe great lUinow Cea^ai ,B^lp*a. The try hail * vr produced. rf the! future King of Ea- tagonist. He meets it manfully and air/ ( ;y in Hiftait^tlly »Ri>at«u\jpoa *•» j&naulatin;$ K gkidt who but two days since ijassed through here, mlly, and grapples wtth It w«h What abtrt- liesh from hi* exploits at shoofing prairie chickens ty he can. He may occasionally give an ondae •*< i, beminea *" fl^oa «1»* fltt rjraMe\ iklrti, south, with i t - prospective w>Bsl*M»te of Mr\ Lincoln, Srominence to a trivial matter, but to general he f„:it1w<*:o(t,by&a«epanibvafuiifalwood- isnotlq'iix*bidenoughtoappreciatettyspeculiar ikeslargeandcpmpcebeameyiewgofasubject. land. Near by winds th* S»n«iiAo#ifver, etbranch fact ufour panning Malory, be assured It will not He has not, to any great extent, the faculty of ar- ot *te Illinois, Jetty mile«i JUtant. escape the far-sighted and closely scrutinizing guing strongly against his own opinions. If he at-by telegraph before this leaves Springfield. I will fnencs. snd, perhaps, to the HSKALO eorrespoo-country and the stack of letters that reach him the opinion of three of the ablest .jurists of Illinois dagy. But comparatively few of the lat- concerning the intellectual capacity of Abrahamparty, and especially to Mr. Lincoln, should pre- 1rout d in their pockets, and show as an evidence that they are in "confidential" communication with tbe "next President." Such fellows will derive very little consolation from Springfield, Illinois. When Mr. Lincoln is asked to state his views on any of the national questions he very sensibly points to the platform of the Chicago Convention and says:- -"I have accepted the nomination of the Convention upon that platform of principles, and I do not intend really or apparently to shift theTax CbNr.RBSioxiL Gaim i s OHIO —Tne following ia aposition therein assigned me."Knowing tin's to be Mr. Lincoln's position, I did7—Thos. Cor wis, rep.15—Georg' Nugent, dean, lfl—W P. Cutler, rep. 17—1 B. Morris, dem. 18—*?. Bdgertoe, rep.not approach him, as 1 should otherwise have done,tion, which was kept up of evenings, for nearly aamining the files of the democratic and whig pa- pers here, no reports of the speeches of either were published. But a sufficient record is obtained from those sources to determine positively what Mr Lincoln's view was on the questionvof the tariff, which now, as well a, then, absorbs a large share of public attention in many^States of the Union.dents that are constantly being brought to his miud Judiciary of the State of Illinois. It is a pleasant argues me Into his (Oonglai') idea of perfect social andthing to know that the democracy never demandedeither Mr. Lincoln's "ears" or "legs,'' as he ia yet fantastic arrangement of words, by which a man cansay here, while npon this subjecti^that t have no purpose,directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution ofslavery in the States where it now exists. I believe Ihare no lawfnl right to do so, and I have no inclinationto do so. I have- BO purpose to Introduce political andsocial equality between the white and the black races. from political life, and intends devoting himself to There is a physical difference between the two, which, inthe great material interests of this State. His far-miration for it, and made nattering inquiries regard;ag the artist.feated.THS NIGGER nv THS FEXCT —Fourteen thousand negroesnois-- a beautiful edifice in the centre of this city. During our interview, having alluded myself, jo- cosely, to his rail splitting notoriety, he said, "Ye*, sir. here is a stick I received a day or two since from Josiah Crawford,of Gentryville, Indiana. He writt-s me that it is a part of one of the rails that I cat for him m 1S'25, when I waa a boy sixteen years old. Ho has sent it to me to have manufactured into a cane, accompanied with, many kind expres- sions." ' The quality of the wood is white or burr oak, and the stick will make a very handsome cane when it ia mounted properly, as Mr. Lincoln intends it shall be, out of respect to his early friend, Mr. Crawford. I mention thia as one of the mauy inci-He contemplates, sbonld bis patronage justify it, com-mencing a life a'.ze statue of Pocahontas, ot whom nothing voted the black republican ticket in Ohio at the late of toe kind deserving toe name has yet appeared, while election, under the decision of Judge Brick >rhoir. This no character involves more of the ideality of romance.Cp<f?i looking over the papers referred to, T findthat on Monday evening, March \9, \Hi, JudgeCaverly. democratic elector of Illinois, delivered afree trade speech, which the Springfield, Illinois,.Nta/e- Ktgisler, of March 22,1841 (democratic freetrade organ), Bays, "so disturoed Mr. Linco'n thathe promised to forfeit his 'ears' and his 'legs' if hedid not demonstrate that protected articles havebeen cheaper since the late (1842) tariff than be-fore." "And, to our surprise," adds the Keifiater,"Judge Logan endorsed Lincoln's promise." The have ever Mid In regard to the institution of slavery and latter wa . at that time the ablest member of the the black race. Thia is the whele of it, and anything thatv ew with "honest Abe." I have no doubt that Senator Seward, if he could be left to his own choice, would prefirr to leave the Senate and re- present our government the next four yeari at the Court of St. James. Governor Morgan is exceedingly anxious for this, in order that he may take Seward's place- in the Senate, presuming that he can beat Evirte. who also desires to go to the Senate. It is understood that Governor Morgan Is paving the way for the accom- plishment of his demres by a proposed dinner at nis residence, in Albany, to the Prince of Wales, at which Governor Reward has promised to be pre- sent. It will take place after toe Prince's visit to New York city.Mr. Richards, as a successful sculptor of noordinary genius, to itate that be is emphatically a self-taught artist. Loft aa crphan at the age of three years,by early friends who knew him well. «The reader will understand someahat the feel- in the full enjoyment of them. I notice that iu prove a h rse thestnut to be a chestnut horse. I willWeed, it is understood, is using hia greatest efforts to prqeure far Moses H. Grinnell the place of Secretary of the Treasury.He first took chisel in hand at a marble yard in Utica,N. Y , where he soon outstripped all competitors in tbebeauty of bis workmanship; and bts ornaments for man-telpieces enabled his employers to gain three pre-miums st three different fairs. They bavin* failed iabusiness, he soon after appeared in New York, poor andfriendless, and with BOother recommendation than thatof a little "girl's band," which he had modelled aad exe of half a million. The vote for Governor, as far as re euted in whits Vermont marble. This little work bore 4ceivod, compares with the vote of I860 in the same coun-ings of Mr. Crawford, alluded to above, towardsMr. liacoln by the following anecdote, which is same year, characterizes bim as "the great Goliahrelated of the latter by a democratic member o|Congress from Indiana, and which illustrates now, it. The Itegister, of same date, continues to de- as well as it did when it occurred, in 1823 or '24, nounce Lincoln in unmeasured terms for bis pro-speaking of Mr. Lincoln the Register, of March 29, of the Junto.'* alluding to the friends of a protectiveIt is to be regretted that Governor Banks, of Massachusetts, wn© stands among the foremost statesmen in the United States, retires entirelyMr. L., has been a Judge for eleven years, is not apolitician, and is very cautious in the expression ofan opinion. Tbe other is an ex-Judge, and proba-bly the ablest man that evet wore the judicial er- some of the doctrines contained in them are mine to this State. The intellectual capacity of far more* radical than ever announced bysnd Mr. Smith perfectly astounded.A Dcxi nv Mtssorsi Bsrwxnr Two PoLrrrciAxs. - A duelMr. Lincoln, especially as an advocate at the Mr. Lincoln. If the slave States are inclu- -There is a theory among the republicans thatNew Mexico will be the future scene of operationsof the itobuaters against Mc.viuo, and to view of thisfact-it will be urged upon Mr. Lincoln to inviteCabins M, Clay to accept the Goveraorihip of NewMexico, in which event he will be supported bya force of United States troops, under some officerof skill and bravery, who will prove equal to theoccasion. Col. Sumner is among the^afiicers whowould be likely tn receive the conference of such America, which tbe Doctor designed aa presents for the viclrity, believing in free speech sad free discussion, sadbar, waa very thoroughly canvassed in the ded in "God's heritage, ' then surely Mr.which be was to have received the meagre sum of $200; and Colonel Harlen, of Boonvilla Mr. Porter was ad- but, owing to the neglect of his employer, hewas never paid s copper, and tbe model itself was af- dressing s political meeting at Nodaway, when Colonelconversations had with them by thewriter.' 1 took the precaution to converse withthem separately, in order that I might obtain the Southern States and abolish slavery. The last re- unbiased opinion of each relative to the real esti- solution quoted announces precisely the doctrineterwards broken up in its removal. With tbe sale of Harlen called bim a liar. Both parties were seriouslyMr. Lincoln is the architect of his own mate they placed upon Mr. Lincoln aa a lawyer, laid down in the Chicago republican platform,Tlpoa" Hope" his fortune changed, He afterwards executed a beautiful bust era "Happy Boy," which represented a boy in ecBtacies of delight, without a grimace: tots he sold to the lady of Mr. Hewitt, the daughter of Peter Deeper, Esq. He next took a plaster cast for the Rev. Dr Francis Hswhes, of two full sized ststues from Souththough not fatally wounded.MB. YAXCST ASD n s B o n o s WORKISCMFJI —The follow-fortune, like Donglhn. Banks and many others thereby securing for myself a much broader andwhich Mr. Lincoln stands.The day before I reached Springfield the Princeing memorial Is In circulation tn Boston for signatures — We, tbe undersigned, worktngtnen ef Boston sad itsof our leading statesmen. He does not claimto have been "born a gentleman." like the gentlemen I am able to deduce the following asthroigh the city. Of course it was a subject of cu- riosity to know whether the prospective potentates of the two most powerful nations upon the earth met. The following day, in conversation with Mr.an bonor in view ef his Bignal service in Kansas.Jj Kansas is not admitted at the next session of Congress, the country will witness an act of what may be termed poetic justice, in the event of Lin- coln's election. Whe present federal officers in that Territory, civil apd judicial, will be removed with- out delay, end Governor Reeder or Stanton or Bobinsnn will be appointed to the chief office in that Territory. Cov. Reeder is a candidate for Mr. Bigler's place in the United States Senate, and would probably fecline the Governorship of Kan-sas.Among the moat important and difficult missionsto be created by Mr. Lincoln's administration will be those.to Hpain and Mexico, on account of the peculiarly complicated state of affairs between those countries and the United States.1 asked Mr. Lhieoln how it was about his suspect-ing the Keutuckiaus of an attempt to inveigle himinto their State in order to do violence to his per-son, as has been atated by one of the HEBALO'S cor-respondents. Hesaidheregretteditbecauseithadgreatly annoyed many of his friends, who hadwritten to him on the subject: that he did not sup-pose the copjfspintlent had intentionally misrepre-sented him, out that he certainly had misunder-stood him, at least; that lie never had expressed,Royal Society of London. He next executed a fine and vie sing you to be one or the ablest exponents of the ad-life size basso relievo bust of tbe Doctor himself, and «e- vantages of negro slavery, hereby invite yon to address pllcated it for leveral members »f his church. Be after- them in Faneoil Hall, on Saturday evening next, or uponwards executed several busts for private families. » « • any other evening you may appoint, upon the subject of marble, among which waa a remarkably striking one, in the effect slavery has had upon the white laborsr at theItalian marble, of Peter Cooper, Esq. _ „ , . t a nt South, and upon tbe (fleet negro slavery would probably have upon toe free white worktngmen of the Nortbern He next executed a beautiful Ideal toMsMsa>t>arMe « States, and of the Territories, should it be introdaeedrest of human beings, he waa born a baby, of ho-nest parents, soon became an orphan, and, afterreaching b jyhood, and by dint of perseverance andhardship, he paaaod through early manhood, edu-about the substance of their estimate of Mr. Lin- coln from the standpoint of the bench:—cating himself, and became what he now is—an ac-complished gentleman, scholarly orator and able and entirely the term "self-taught" can be applied" The Boy ann Butterfly." which was sold by « " £ « £ therein. the Merchants' Exchange, for $410. Bislsst productionIt the " Bashful Girl," referred to above, His atudto iaat No. 18 Fourth avenue, up stairs.better basis upon which to judge of hia legal at-tainments and power. From the opinions of these of Wales*and suite passed-quietly and unnoticedIntellectually Mr. Lincoln has been aa little in-debted to schools, or the teaching of "others in Lincoln, I inquired of him if he saw his Royal High-early life, as any of our public men; indeed, there is no one among them to whom more emphaticallyness. He informed me that he did not; that he would like very much to have done so, and had he not occupied his present peculiar position, so that he could have joined his fellow citizens to com- mon in a welcome to the representative of the British government without having his motive misrepresented and a charge of immodesty brought against him, he would have taken measures to no- tice properly the passage of the Prince of Wales through ths capital of the State. "Being thus situ- ated," he added, "and not able to take any toad to the matter, I remained here at the State House, where I met so many sovereigns during the day that really the Ittnce had come and gone before 1 knew it.'^ 1 understand the Prince expressed a desire to see Mr. I.incoln, learning that he waa likelytobethenextPresidentoftheLuted States; but the fact was not early enough known to efiect the arrangements for his aoing so.A new and unexpected sensation was produced hereto-day by the arrival, at eleven o clock A. M., of Mr. Seward (or "Prince William, ' as the HKKALD calls bim j and his party. The despatch announcing his coming did not reach here until ten o'clock, and as the train could only stop twenty mirutes, and Mr. Seward was obliged to proceed on in it to order to be received at Chicago in the evening, there was no time to lose. A cannon- the principal means of. calling a republican meeting here—was brought out and tired. Mr. Lincoln was notiiied, and by the time the train arrived several thousand persons aftsew.e found in the State, who has been familiarand no entries are to be admitted accept of horses be-.4. I.J -— r^ bled, to the rhfdst of whom was seenin Illinois; and especially to Springfield, that practice with nnr theory of government. c t! n e m ri8bt, and there is no man in the Mr. Lincoln . has avoided indicating to histhe next FreSuteat ot the Uai.td Swtea. If ell w I<wan miroilnt-ed to Mr^Lincoto by Mr. Hatch, state who can present his own convictions with fee it n aigm sad cakulatiaaa do aot fad, the eleo- Seciejury ot Htate of Illinois. As 1 entered the greater power, or Can push home an argument ticus to come off on the 9tb ef thia au>ath in Penn- fcnecUtive Hiamber (tendered to Mr. L>, in whi< a with more overwhelming force. It may be safelyto receive his frieml»>, he waa seated, engaged in affirmed that the men who are most capable of pvlvani* and Iniisna will be haaisomtly favora- conversation wi'h strangers from different para of forming n correct judgment-those who have often ble to the rewuMfoan*. Bach are the edvfeee tile country ; bat, upon observing n«, he rose six met him as an opponent, whether politically or feet and a half, and stood that muscle of solid Ken- professionally— will not feel much inclined to dis-somewhat by the prevailing opinion that Mr. Lin- that the people or this State are called upon to decide,quent use and with good effect.The leading qualities of his mind are clearness, vigor, sensible, sound views of things, a comprehen- sive Burvey of the subject matter of debate, and an intense earnestness to enforcing his own convictions, either to the court or to the jury. In tine, Mr. Lincoln has a good, strong mind, and an honest intellect. Bo much forare justified to break the government rather than have ttadministered as it was by Washington aaa other greatand good men who made It, and first administered ti? Ifown positions under the Lincoln administration, .you do, yon are ve-y unreasonable, and mora reasonable maistam any indeoendci.t move that may be male bylt-58, in reply to Judge Douglas, because he points to it now as a fair reflex of his senti- ments on that subject. Judge Douglas had made whst Mr. Lincoln characterized, in the presence of the former. " a gross and palpable misrepre- sentation'' of his (Lincoln's) views on the slavery question, and, after clearly showing it to be so, Mr. Lincoln proceeded to define his true position in the following brief paragraph. It is right to the point, and more important at this time, especially in view of the peculiar position of Mr. Lincoln. He said:—pledges whatever fsem Mr. Lincoln, and lef.Spring-field "a wSer, if no) a better man," by his inter- It will detract nothing from the merits ofwill account for the maiority there, which Is not large for Ohio, even wtth this ail.FLOSIDA PsoTiXBLT vos Ban Aim EvxRSTT —The returns from Florida come in slowly. They indicate that tbeNow, gentlemen, this Is the true complexion of all Ifcr losing time in drawing pictures on ricks. A parson contest. If the democratic majority In this election is of bis neighborhood, whom be saw fishing for treat in abrtok, with, a slouched bat, and a little dog by his aide, reduced—as undoubtedly It will be—Bell and Everett was the unconscious subject of his caricature, which do will carry the State.ly appeared on toe rocks on the roadside. This formed asubject of complaint against him by tbe lady of toe par- EIGHTH DISTRICT or PnwinmvJUtu — T. E McRtnty, son, who threatened to carry ber grievance before the dem , has been elected to the present Congress in place ef iragmtrate if he young artist's sallies were not suppress-ed, which resulted tn a severe reprimand, with a pro- Hon. John Schwartz, deceased.political equality with the negro ts but a specious andmise of chastisement in case tbe offence was repeated.THS PsmrfcTLVAiriA Faxcnon.—The official vote of twen-' ty seven counties in Pennsylvania has been received, leaving thirty six to be heard from officially. The coon - ties received, however, represent about half the vote or tbe State, which ia likely to exceed tbe vote or 1859, say 170.000 votes, making the total rote of the State up waresagainst the Kentuckians of design npon hhn. or ofcups the formation of Cabinets, the appointment of his fearing to go among them, couja rightly be in- thousand nujoflliy fse Useoia he would return aad stompthen* interview was brief; there was no time to dis-best friends what course he will pursue, ifelected, to his cabinet and other appointments.He very Wisely thtokt there will be time enoughfor that after election. While he adheres to tnkpolicy—of refusing to say who ne^will appoint tooffice— let it be understood that he does not hesi-tate to declare who he will remove if elected' Hewill sweep fronf place and power every office Kansas, during last Winter, by Mr. Lincoln. It is holder under the present administration, from the in answer to democratic threats to dissolve the highest to the lowest, from Maine to California. Union in the event of the election Of a republican Any person, by conversing with Mr. Lincoln for a President. I observe that Southern papers are churl time on national politics, will see that he is garbling it for party purposes. He lays down the fitm in the opinion, to it the whole government policy and practice to be pursued by such officer wants overhauling and cleaning out; that he is when elected, not dreaming at the time, I daremy judgment, will probably forever forbid their livingtogether upon the footing of perfect equality; and, Inas-much as >t becomes a necessity that there must be a dif-ference, I, as well as Judge Douglas, am In favor of therace to which I bebng having the superior position. I Th|s cannot be, however, and probablr no man in bust In the regular way* As a dernier resort for getting Auditor General, 1859 have rever said anything to the contrary; butbe brought before them, to give their influence infarorof*I quote the above resolutions to show thatwas fought near Nodaway, Mo., on toe I2to last, between Isaiah J. Porter, Itq , President of the Democratic ClobHallett's doctrine is equivalent to a recommenda-tion, in suite of the constitution, to invade thecoln is to be the next President of the United through the ballot box, at the November election, whe-States, and, with a view, therefore, of Inform- ther negrofi should be placed upon an eauality withing the people, really and truly, who andwhat he is. In conclusion, perhaps nothing whits men tn tbe eserclse of the elective franchise. Ifmore fitting could be added than a brief ex- the black repablicaaa succeed they gain a strength of afty •Although Mr. Lincoln is silent on tbe subject ofappointments, you nam be assured that the men,in different parte of the country, who were theprincipal actors in bringing about his nomination,as well as those who opposed it to the last vote, dotbaif Wben jou sttempt, yoa will find tost our peli the South, tt is designed ss sa organizats *» for the pre-are not Inactive. Many of them carry cabinets and c» is exactly tae policy ef ths men who made ths Deles tervatioo of the interests sad itssiitotiotis of tbe Sooto, snd tbe formation of a Southern confederacy The recentsionally show them''confidentially." It, is really amusing to hear some of them talk, announce theirtoe Southern State aThe Charleston Mtrcury saj t —* bloodshed aad t-seeon. It could avail him nothing that 1heir object is to form an armed body of men, ard to JetsPresident, it will be our doty to ses that yoa also submit.Old J hn Brown has been executed for treason again it aStats. We cannot object, even though be agreed with oaserve, for then own sake, a certain degree .of . in think log slavery wrong. That cannot excuse violence, ganizing in all thrprinclpal districts o' South Carolina.persons who, front their past relations' to theleading the administration in the 8enate, animate marble been so thoroughly vitalized from whici latter place no man ever stepped into1—G. H. Pendleton,dem. 13—a S Cox, dem3—J >tiD A- Gurley, rep. 13—John Sherman, rep.Lincoln, and especially as all eyes in the nation arenow turned towards him as the probable successorof Mr. Buchanan, and in response to the possibility,suggested by Senator Benjamin, that Mr. Lincolnmay have changed his opinion since his debate willDouglas, I can assert with great positiveness thathe has not. 1 have reason to know that because ofthe great ability he exhibited and the high national pointments. Weed** policy is to head off Greeley, much admired by artists who have examined it. It has 9—Win. Noble, dem. 20—John Hutcntns, rep.*the Presidential chair, which historical- fact may be consoling to ftcckinfidge, Douglas and Bell, who are all membefB of that hody.' It is said that Mr. Weed is decidedly opposed to Mr. Reward's going abroad, but in.-ink. that he shall remain where he can have i controlling voice in the ap-The whole figure, with its light'and delicately wrought 8—CJL Vallandlgham.dem. 14— B <l. Wake, re?.bly natural and sweet, and seldom, if aver before, has in-Diitrkt District.draptry, ia exceedingly graceful and simple. Ton featutesrequire little bey ot d tbe power of speech to render theirexpression almost perfect. The whole ioeallty o*a modestor baswfui little girl la beautifully sustained. Tbe work ia 8—S Shellabarger, rep. 19— V G Riddle, rep.he waa bound out to a farmer, where be worked until hewas nearly grown. He never wont to school a week in Breckinridge democracy nave elected their candidates.hia 1 Tc, though he succeeded In a fair degree to educate The Douglas men had no ticket In the field for tbia elec-himself. At twelve years of age he came near being floggedtion, but have an electoral ticket for the PresidentsIrfluetcehe had, tried ab procure him work in a city mar-to Mr. Lincoln's administration*as a Cabinet officer. ble yard, but In vain. He had never attempted a portrait Governor, 1E60Republican 169 70Z 112,217the country regreta it more than Mr. Lincoln. Mr. him known and to aid hfm tn procuring employment, thisSeward and Mr. Banks may safely be placed out- friend, in tbe spring of 1867, engaged bun to model his Increase in 180047,486Judge McLane, of Pennsylvania. Judge Read, oT Pennsylvania. Senator Fessenden, of Maine. Senstor Chase, of Gilo.Edward Bates, of Missouri. David Wllmot, of Pennsylvania.''A sea captain, trading to Tunis, on ths Mediterranean,visited the ancient site of Carthage, where excavationswere In progress, and where a medallion bas relief likenets of Queen Dido was found-, executed In red jasper. Onits obverse was the name, ia Greek letters, 'Dido." Thesize of the likeness, representing Grecian features, curls,coronal of pearls, trident, &c , could be covered wtth atea cent place. A copy in sealing wax was given by thecaptain to Mr. Richards' friend. From this small, beautlful image Mr. Richards modelled a half life aize copy,which formed a perfeet representation of the originalLiving opposite to bts friend's residence was a hif lilyrespectable family who bad an only son—a bright and veloped. It adds:— pre mining boy about seven years old, who unfortu-Emerson Ctheridge. of T ennessee. John Hici man, of Penney Ivan ia.•and with great ease, and is acquainted with severasw other languages—a msn of great flrmness, with military taste and experience, and an accomplished tfentleiuan, and would undoubtedly represent the United States at the Court of Napoleon III. with distinguished honor to himself and credit to the country.it around to a cumber of wealthy men whom Ije knew,ind obtained orders for six dupli jate copies at $20 each.These he execute! (being an exceedingly rapid chtseller)in about three weeks, sad afterwards made two othercopies to ordsr. He also had previously modelled to order a splendid monument, with a figure of Genera! Wayne,to commemorate tie storming of Bteay Point, for and Chairman of the Executive Committee nf St. J*eph,features, of what he called " Hope," which he had finely thinking there could be but few, and that toe responseLiuculn said that scon after the Chicago uouiina- j the piiacipal business transacted was tbeoosfirmmg i act- »s to be mile beats, best three to Bve.tions an old ncqmntan'ce of his t'atier wrote bim a of the procaoir.es of the meeting held on Frld*y, toofirst and second tetter from Kentucky, in the Litter | of whehhe ast-af: "Would it not be pleasant to you to revisit tan scenes of your childhood? to which Mr. l.inc«jj> playfully replied: "it would, in- deed: but wuiild^ou not lji.vh me'', or ttuiCato14<b ft\ teeter, ult., in regard to the adejttiou of a uni- form syt km. of freights on the Western roads, «ow to rrevent crmcetition and iivany b*t«e*s tbu various I'ces.I X.K fm.»>T.-T*e shtjm'nt £ wheat t y ^ ' fT.n1that eifi»|Ct,An* at lie tiuic the S^^LI/Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ibe arge asort-Bt of 1 t>•* «<> JT.^MIM%T-**>**r, The meeting then, after revising tbe Articles of to- - rt.rted Tbi.sMrmrv.ia * * • » * " i l l - £aunt u si ma f«"w particulars, adjiarscd until ttursday, ana I txlobtr Is, wtie M7VW hsshsts. >'wvcn.b«r iu, at hi a. M.Untitled DocumentIn with oor fellow citizens, now forming is this and our slater Steles as "Minute men," whose duty h to arm, equip and drill, and be ready for any emergency that may4— Wm Allen, dem. I—J. M. Aihley, rep www.fultonhistory.com 