 • t-. rV•i ?>:ties not to be full of unmitigated hope. " Oh, to go afterwsias to Mrs. Murrel, from whom he Phcebe !** she said, "with Cecily there, I shall had learnt that she had avowed havingconsulted not mind going homa, 1 shall not mind any- a physician in the morning, and had procuredi'Piease to put that out of your head!" she ?"Very well, let it be," said Lucy, hastily. exclaimed. "There's no pity, no ill-ussse »u The good-nights, the kisses past, and Honor the case. I wilfully did what I was warned went away, with a heavy load of thwarted hopes that he would not bear, and there WS3 aatfir.:Tow had passed over her. Her eyes wereTarge, would not take her away. The place agreed should have gone so hard with so sensible and live on generous old Ratio, I suppose." said Lucy, "and now," turning away as usual it!= "Tomorrow. Every possible day."fc*f*1ft•KgH3 if the cattb bad suddenly tcrned topsy-lurvyto eat," iVhopcs t & * ^\9. < * ^ ( » » n l ^ 1 l V n1yonatesalU Satisfied, gfAttfal, thankful to the almost,*'&ai d PhcclA fetvcnfly. ' 'I think I never was to happyasallthroughtholatterpartoftho jour- ney/'Baijht t&ke «imbrage. "I cannot tail her restored, for sho 1* far m»ro "MvfOr.aRHo.vOB,"That I know it is," she s*id» «Tf It can ho doao at all, the doing it may bo left to Miss Chariecota«-«dt is aa expiation I owe tofee?gen- etoni »;pir!t»w••Yoa w.-.aia tathtr ths did it th&a W* he asked, mortified.«9ra sy—dida-t I tell yea that 11st her do it as anexpiation,Doescotthatptovawhatitcent me?"•" as er»a> a=4-•(,'air hair,andblueeyes ofthegirlwere almost Itwasthroughthechurch-yard,pastthathi. sulted by her father, and well. remembered the her own. graves, which were as trim as if Lucillahaddaily flaxenhairedchildwhomhehadsocruellyde- **Thistobesold?"shesaid,turninground, tendedthem. 'Thankyon,"shesaid;ther^ tached from his side. He declared her to be in aad speaking for the first time. gazed in silence, till with a cigh she exclaimed}rx*~? ^ ^ ^ y"*^ w y ^ g y K « v -——- •«•*— - ^ - r -•TjUatng^fcouses, ona^hiirdaaoracgegardeaelopeddewn eager tenderness of '.dates. T woBideswere enclosed byPhoebe was surprised whilegratified,I5T'•£.gB^jm***. vivmtintofroseoneifhercheek;shehidre-I'ThenIam&1&4thatofiothergroundsvotf•kaicaafthahutmyoldvixenspiritthMeveCecdy has great mfltteace I s t o r e d Ler bair 40 «M familiar tashion, and her I mind was madatip. No,» after a pause, "there ^kesthlshardtobcar?* - r she will talk a great derd Icottage,picturesquelyplantedamongtherocks,•whence proceeded the sounds of a eornet-a-piston. away before he come3."" Are not you satisfied, Phcebe ?" invited to come in. Lucilla met her at the bot- her friend laid her down, nor whole person still > reserve, levity, cr resignation, and if she must " Not washed out!" he said, as her c . ta The ensuing were days of suppressed excite- tom of the stairs, and at first Phcebe only felt quia-ering with tho long swell of the last uncon- . accept it as a'fact that inthe one the attachment sneeflushedinto more than its wonted ~f% (•AsBerthastood consideringwhichwaytotake,•'Ob, must it be so?" cried Phcebo.'He isa dog flew out of the house and began barking. cot like what he used to be."X>ad asit wasforaseent, » it there was a derisive •exclamation and laugh,andhalf-a-dozenmen, lialf-tispy, came pouring out of tha cottage,"I will,'^ said Phoebe, in her grave, reliable voice, and Cecily drew a long breath.Therewerefiveminutesofsilence,whilePhoe-'found tha*. Bertha was aware of her position, an obstreperous greeting but I am a famished out and her daughter laid on the bed. admiration than on affection, although he nearly are some that can't choose but drop befowjfirmly making silence on that head the condition creature here, you see, and I did not expect(-»*».-->f •~*-*E->a*»*• --^t r««""l 'l.T." •'!'" "»""•~."C r'"l. W'.—TJUJfJPI I " •T Tv-**'Ki .-'••„the-descent;•thefourth,wheretheoldtown who, quiterevivedjdiaibed straight UDthe hill, was regarded by greet her, and seen*oor IJeseheu with dread, and die vainly per- the sunshine, under the influence of those sweet «aaded Maria at least to content herself prith brown eyes; Her liveliness and drollery awoke.Joining the collection of natives resting on the and her sister was proud that her new friead ..«eacheabeneaththepluis. «'^. shouldieeherclevernessand intelligence; but " ' ButMaris, with the little Maltese dog in her all the time the likeness to that photograph con- ,'-tons,wasinexorablybentonfollowinghet sis- tinuedtohauntPhoebe'smind,asihe.continued1*11*1 and Bertha had hurried nervously acrossto. discover more resemblance?, and to decide .lxora^theshraBger8,80thatIjescben must &ak that if sach were impressed by the Christum : »ue those light ste^ through the winding- stair- name, Bertha was a little witch to detect it.ease streets, sometimes consisting of broad shal- Afternoon came, and as usual they all walked lowsteps,sometimesofactual Eightsofsteep seawards. AsBerthasaid,theyhadhidenough «:airshewa oat in therock, leading to a length of the heights, and tried going towards the sea, cflevelterrace,where,through garden gates, astheirnewfriendwished,althoughwarnedbyshe wi talk a great deal I eyeswere bright with excitement. The presence j is a great changa, She is tat superior to what '"CfllarhesaML. •:*.•-.:-:.•• < >crangetreeslooked out, dividingthe vantage theFulmortsthatitwasalongwalk,theefany*, withwhatshehadbeensaying. At last, how- todo; 1wantyoutocallonBlissSandbrook."herself that it was oat of consideration. nouncinghisrefusal on the ground that while he Lucywouldnotgouptoherroomtill bed- foundhisstrengthandhealthequaltothecallsdidn't ,**she said, half in mtenrogatiea. ' "Isawmymistake;youweretaoyoangai r. But,CiUa,"headded,meretremulousl_fa-oudowishforahome"——"Don't, don't!" she cried; " I cant hare talkasifIonlvwantedahome!"And indeed I have none as yeV'hasai " But do vou indeed mean that you could^ of it ?"—and he came nearer." I t ! Nonsense! Ofyou ?" she vehementl]exclaimed. • • How ccula you think of anytl else?""CiUa," to said in great agitation, "let know what you are saying. Don't drive crazy when it is not In tha nature of things sh»uld mean it!""Why not?" asked LuciDa, 'Ttisoaly good for me." a"la it true, then?" ha said, as he took both hands in his. "Is it true that you unders: me, and are wilding to he—to be myr J . •hawliug to Colibri, the rough, shaggy white be stood studying Cecilly, and thinking how «dog,' that seemed disposed to spring at the Mai- much injustice she had done to her, how little shoI bearing good fruit in him, even while recoiling triumphantly. "All women from twew.c-" >seeemed intuitively te understand what was best for both, aud between them they contrived to feush her sobs, and repress her inclination to scream for Phoebe, and thus lead her on, each "holding a hand till they were at a safe distance; taid Bertha, whose terror hid been far greater than at the robbery at home, felt that she could Jet herself (peak, when she quivered out an •agony of trembling thanks.Iftaid the lady, kindly, "thoughthey conldbardly Eion. as resolute as fceblv sad-Bui-re done anything redly to hurt you." "Ifeaknow better what is right, than I do,".....*'Ilowridiculouaitisinmc,"mutteredBertha saidPhoebe;'tfwhofeelforhimandBertha. But if you haa-e not heard from him for so long,t o herself discontentedly ; "she.will think us. I think there arc things you ouidat to know." .""wild creatures. I wish we were not both so tall." "At home, at home," said Cecily, • "there i tto the number of thirty or forty, and explore substantial than these small things, which had, been left to the poor Castle Blanch people ?: •Tern glad you areSafe from thesevile men,*mond, standing beside the Major, who was sun- ning himself under the palm trees.•\ ."Butweshallsecyou;youarcinourhotel," MissCharlecotewithoutbreachofconfidence. said. "UncleJohnhasbeensokmdastecome transformation,butterfliesintogrubs!"cried... tliatnoonebutagoverness,c<)uldknowtheftt3 il00*5^-*to* -argop^uroofthreechildren, "Oh, Imeantyourthrowingyourselfawayoa.jcriedi&iia. "Docomeandletmeshowyon Honor'sfirstimpulsewasdispleasurewith the'oilmvSwisscostumes." -,'•: aunt,avhoshewassurehad let her speak o/,thoughnottoMissHolmbywithoutcorrecting 1. *: : "Thank yen; if ''and she paused, perhaps her, and must purposely have kept the wholejalittleperplexedbyMaria;and Bctthaadded,in the most woman!v voice that she could mus- Raymond connexion out of sight. ••Depend up-for,andIbelieveweshallsetouttomorrow.'*. Lucy,withsomewhatspasmodiclaughter.'Tell Aftersometime,Mervyncamain,flushedandmenowthewondercameabout."breathless,andHonorkindlymadeanexcusefor leaving him alono with Phcebe. After dili- "I know little abont it." said Phcebe. "Miss gently tossing a book from one hand to the Charlecote thought most likely it was the firstfaintolieonthesofainthececkurparlor,otvningtherhandgraspingthebackof•chair,.asshe •Turningyeuout.",',and <rr.cl," turally into her old pise*, that Lady Banrrer- "ItisyOTsrfault; I did cot want to have nun avas scandalized at her preemption and MissCharleoote'sweakness. HonoraadFh-pboJter,-^MysisterandMissCharlecottewfllbe onit,Phoebe,"saidshe,*'»bewillkeepkerneice•otherforec-mominutes,heobserved,soitovoce, earnestkindofreligionthatpresenteditself y<ery glad to see you—very much obliged to here." "That's a more decent old fellow than I gave when she was craving for some such help."jyou." The next event was a diplomatic call from him credit for.much the same reduced and enfeebled condition " 0_ yes, ma'am!—everything, nnreseryed- "Poor Edna! Monument of my faults I Wh&>". Then Maria, who was unusually demonslnt- Mrs. Holmby. to sound M>53 Charlecotte, whose"Who. Sir John?" "Aye.''dearoldRashe. "Hasitmadeherverygrim?" maladybyrecklessneglect aad exposure, and the late Sir Thomas Lawrence, ma'am—the herhere!"•iivc, putanotherquestion—•"Areyouill? Berthasayseverybodyheroistil. I hope you are not." "No,thagkyon,"wasthereply. "Ianiherb•with my uncle and aunt. It is my undo who tias boeu uhwelL*Bertha, afraidjhat Maria might blunder intoa historyofhermalady,begantotalkfastoftholandscapeanditsbeauties.ThestrangerseemedcamesheknewS3afriend,bothoftheFulmortsandMoorcroftRaymonds,andwho,shehadAndthatwasthewholeresultofthaIde-a-"Youknowitiscotfiscmueliislungdress, thougfihefoundnop-osiitt"i"vediseaseinprogress,^"^sr.- * | ^to'understand her desire to lead away from her-eelf and readily responded, with a manner that diidftlned the distillef}% whereas tho Fulmortsthing ac take a turn on that terrace ?" "Not only in that line," said Phoebe, suppres-It was a welcome invitation, and in no more sing a smile at the truth of tho surmise, "but modic smile. "Honor has her revenge, Phcebe! These urVJjsaid Mrs, Prendergast,^avesweetnesstoallshesaid.Shewasnotvery representedthstgoodoldfamily,theMerryns,timothanittooktofetchashawl,thotwoold -heisallkindnesstosickEnglish—" "AmIhumbledenough?"shesaid.."Failed, arethekindredforwhomIbrokefromhor! IfhisfatherwishesIt,itwillberight;*<|t? "She docs everything for Mrs. Charteris— failed, failed! One by my flirting, two by my Well, if Charles sells his birthright and his as if it were the pleasantest of charges. "V;younglooking,andMaria'snotionmight!>ejus*tided that she was at Hycreson her own ac-count, for there was hardly a tint of color oh her<heek; she was exceedingly spare and slender,-and there was a wasted, worn look about thelower part of her face, aad something subduedand it was a very fine estate, was not it ? She had no patience with such nonsense, not she! AH Sir John's doinc-s; for, between themselves, poor, dear George Raymond had no spirit at all, and was quite under'hia brother's thumb. Such a family, and such a thing as it would bo fordresses her, works for her—I do believe cooks temper, three by my health. I can't get my own father,-1 don't know how 1 can complain"Thank you," said.Cilia, ''l'hros •*clo<4f;.- Poor Honor, she must be starving I" p^ <•'What about her?" stammered Mr. Prendi gast, hanging back shyly. "Must she bo told?inherexpression,asifsomegreat,lastingsor-"Oh. dvnt gel up vet, Phoebe; I want to tell j c u Miss Holraby's history, 39 I make it oat.could not have spared him to h-x, even if sho yielded rather than iry her labmission too se-that het uncle and aunt toc-k her abroad JOgive 2;crchange,notafterillne*«,batsorrow.''" C^anco—res!—you should have Ihem."" I shall, when Owen comas. It is summer had been ia his time." vercla-, though dreading her over-fatigue, andtime,andIshallholdontillthen,whenUwill TndyLucillawastakenhomewhen Honor setoffwithPhcebointhefly.was meved <e epeak thus. " ¥oa are sure it is not too far for you ?" ask-/ing tHl Cecily came up, said with grave forma-lity, " I hear my sisters are indebted to you for x "I do not know what Mr. Parsons would say vour assistance in a very unpleasant predica- to you. As you know she told him that she ment." '.v* wantedtodother*ostusefulworkhecouldtrust, ..-; •:i:-;-ifr-,:h.'.£'-ii' ... % * : ; : a* * Phoebewascalledtothepiano,notsorry that ^Ihaa^agmtmiadtotetlyoa why?!such should be Robert's conviction,and glad thathe should not be disturbed in work that suited toSotttteunster.'* - - : ..i;":lwtime;andwhenHonor,accompanying her thi- cfhispresentcure,ani hisconnectionwiththe *•roundwithhousesandrocks—upfarther, past orgreatsaltpools,spoilingthecoastasabeach. ever,Berthaa'olantarilyceasedher communica- OaherastonUhedlook,heexplained that he ther,askedtenderandanxiousquestions about Fulmortfirmgaa-ehimunusualfacilitiesindeal-- the almost desclate old church of St. Paul—far- But all were brave walkers, and exercise always tions and aould be dmwn out no farther; and had made it his business frequently to see 0 w e a her health, she answered them, not inde>i petu- ing with the workmen, he did not think he theragain—till,beyondallthehouses,they didBerthagood. whenthecandlewasputoutatnight,sheelec- Sandbrook'schild,andoflatetogiveitsame lantly,asofold,butwithastrange.abscntman- oughttoresignhischargeforanotherforwhich «ama forth on the open mountain-side, wiih a Phoebe was forced to attend to Maria, who trified Pkabe with the remark, "It isMervvn, religious teaching. While thus engaged, he had ner, as if it were duty alone that made her speak. msna* better men might be found.t o myrtle, beset bv the bristly battledores of as to be almost transparent, and the shin of wari'Lucy, dear child, you are ill."«H)h, it would be such rest!"It was as if the storm-tossed bird was foldi its weary wing in perfect calm andNor could he contain his sudden joy; but incoherent words, and wall nigh wept over "Howdidyoucometothinkofit?"exslaishe. as, the first gushof feelingover, walked oa arm-in-arm." Convict me out of mv owe meuth," saidHonor,sadly,"itwillcotmakemeliketosee hopedImightbearesource,acomfortera]andyou know it; so you may as well tell me 'all about it."-crest of rock far above, suTraounted by the was anxious to make another attempt on a pil- Xahlsofa castle, and to have been fortified by grimage to castle and cross."the Saracens, and tak*n from them by Charles " When Mervyu comes back, Maria, we may. WarteL T o this castle Maria and Bertha ex- try/* • . - » J pressed their determination of climbing up. The guest, who was speaking, stopped short' The Bisters bravely set themselves to scramble in the midst. Had she been infected by Bertha's *orong the rocks, each surface turned to the sea- hesitation?. Sho began again, and seemed to Iweeze exqtmitelv ani fantastically tinted by I have forgotten what she meant to have said.lore, lichens, and all mtcnperecai with the j Hoover, sho recovered herself; and there wastsslcal acanthus* noble leaves, the lunioer and pothing remarkable through the rest of the walk, classical acanthus* noble leaves, the juniper and but, on coming indoors, she managed to detain-the wormwood. On they went, winding np-%rards as Bertha hoped, but also sideways, and Phoebe behind the others, saying, lightly, -^Misstheir circuit had lasted a wean* while, and made Fulmort, you have not seen the view from mythem exhausted and breathless, when looking window."Wand for their bearings, they found themselves Phcebe followed to her little bedroom, and Sn an enchanted maze of grev rocks, half-bidden gazed out at the lovely isles, bathed in light sThe whole wa3 said with perfect simplicity,prickly pear, and shaded by cork trees. Above in the bay, all shadowy and phantom-like. She but didn't I tell her plenty about Mervya's •without shrinking from Phoebe's eye, as though "I don't know what is the matter with me," does cot care any longer for me. What, you,Robin do you taluk we could have dear Miss Fenmmore again ?"of Maria end Bertha, which Miss Chartecote had* she was in the daT3 of my^mslhess. but it is ««WeU?*»;'?severe_tea"awaitingher,talkedmuchtothem,theywereiotheirseveral apartments.' Phcebo dayschoolforhis tradesmen's daughters: and perienceswithBertias. ToHonorshescarcely had never felt in such a fever. She could dis- what they would do without her I cansot spoke voluntarily, and cast down her eyes as she; 1She bowed, and he bowed. That was all, and to her, 00 he lias made her second mistress at the Maltese dog, and compared ner continental ex-"ToIookataUvinsrr', km ,.-> :>cera chaiscter, hut love was but an external ex-perience to her. as she could not read the ridle ofMervya'a repudiation of intercourse with theirfellow-inmatesandhisrestlessness throughout hadsavedagooddeal."the evening, checkhag Bertha for boring about "And now, Phoebe/' said Robertj suddenly herfriend,andtheaencouragingherto goon changingthesubject,"IhavesomethingforyouhimsowellasdidSt.Matthew's, but thinking him far too valuable for Lucy cot to suffer in losing her power over him.And did she?«*To look at TCCLV LfI had fomud yoa and oppressed, I had UaKght sf aahSjg u could put up with yourfirther**old friead.''feared,would use her influence against so unequal Me. He was' in no mood for questions, aud and she did look gaunt and haggard; but still he considered that Rll would depend upon anx- ch&dren, cftud late General Sir Christopheramatchforthewealthyyoungsquire.Whencon* marchedoutoftheroomforamoonlightcigar. somehowwelikedherbetterthaneverbefore; iouscare,andcompleterestfortaeadiliuinand Charteris." «&vinced of her admiration of Cecily, the good aunt winter, and he thought her constitution far too Luc'dla, whhTr than before, walked quicklyw"Itwa3yourgOTewnsfeeling.I "DoH9tmiscallandembeUishraypJn.Jrl~brcwo, soft, and full of the same tender, pensive with the Majort and she had told Cecily that good a girl as Cecily to give up such a scamp, Iikindwssashervoiceandsmile;'andperhapsit shecouldnotthinkofleavingit. nevercouldguess!~iras this air of patient suffering tliat abovo all Mervyn came back sooner than sho had expect- And now I am come, I declare I don't kaowattracted Bertha, in the soreness of her wounded ed him, having soon tired of Corsica. His year what to be at—I should think nothing of it if bearing with them and helping them, always in more. I hope I shall have a Worthy successor, Charteris about it." ous eyes, and lively manner spoke wonderfully Spirit, just as the affectionatencss gained Maria, of ill health and of her attendance had made hira the lad enly talked of reforming—but ha looks hopes that at last they may turn to better poor little rogues. I must rouse myself to"frith tne instinct ofa child.•^At the inner door they parted, she goingalonga corridor to her aunts rooms, and tho three Tolmorts hurrying simultaneously to Miss "Charlecete to narrate their adventure. Sho •was as eager as they to know tho name of their rescuer, and to go to thank her; and ringing for t h e courier, sent him to make inquiries. "Major;andMrs.Holmbyandtheirniece,"wasthore- t » l t ; and the next measure was Miss Chirle- cotes-setting forth to call on them in their apartments, and all the three young ladies wish*: lag to accompany her—even Bertha! What could this encounter have done to her ?dependent en her; ho did not enter into novelty so downcast, and ewns so honestly that we thing*."or beauty without Bertha; and his eld restless were quite right, and then that excellent littlo Lucy was much touched. "Poor Rashe!" she demon ofdlccontent madehim impatient to return sister of his is so fond of him, and yoa havo said; "there was something great in her. I to his ladles. So ho took Phoebe by surprise, stood his company this whole year—that I de- haa-e a grcut mind to write to her." walkingfclas she was finishing a letterto Au- clare I thinkhomust be good for something!gusta beforei oining the others in tho olivettes." What gentlemen ? " and Lucy was ready for the effects of native air. Bir. Prendergast tospringbacktoinquire. hadbecomemoreabsentandawkwardthan ev- " Miss Charlecote asked, and I believe it er, bnt his extra shyness passed nnrcmarked and "Xot while yoa can sit and talk. I havo so was Mr. Prendergast! " Lucilla's tact and grace supplied all deficiencies"••Well, PhccTie, hoav's Bertha ? Ready to loavo this hot vapor-bath of a hole ?"say what j-ou think of him.ing but what ho underwent last year could have theanswered,lookingdo*wn,anda*littictremul- shakenhimoutofit.""I don't know what you will say to it now,"ous. "Who do you think is here ?" "Thenyou think ho is shaken oatof it."Now you who have looked on all his life, justof pleasureand Dam over Cilia's face, and hereyelids quivered as sho said, " Yes—yes—of •Tba have not heard? It was a very long, course: but ho must not—ho mnst not dogradual decay. Ho died on the 12th." it! He cannot afford i t ! I cannot let him! ""Indeed. Ho was a kind old man, and home " Perhaps your cousin only needed to bo willnotboitselfwithouthiswhiteheadin tho reminded."reading-desk. Havo you filled op the living?"* ** I have no hope of him. Besides, he cannot"I haa-e offered it"—and there was a pause—* help himself: bat at least—I say, Phcebe, tellllto Robert Fnlmort.""I thought so. He won't have it.**Honor durst not ask the grounds of this pro- diction, and the rest of that family were diseas- ed. It was embarrassing to be asked about tho reports of last winter, and Lucy's keen penetra-vicarage, shomadenone of her former banter- ing display of familiarity, but only employed it quietly to secure the guests having what they wanted, and to awaken the host to his duties, whenheforgotthatanyonesaveherselfneeded. attention.Cdttinvtd in tie Weekly Sun cf Feb. 9f4 Srr.EKGXit pp GLASS.—A series of Interestingexperitaents baa been made inEsglaad, la regard to theteiadty>ad«troag.hof^asj. ThseacperitDeatf upon th* direct tenacity of gUssmsde bj learia^ pieces asunder, were lesa eAbafactory or reUablO than others; aadttia stated that morarellaacoIsto be placed upon the tenacity deduced from the c s * perirseats oa the resistance of glebes to bargain?,Ia which water pressure « u e»p!oytd, than s y a , tho teaadtyobt»tr^dire<tlyr7tearIa9ipeefaafa% asainder. The Utt«r method gvra thefoUoWlag"Where Bertha is concerned I see that ho is—here. I'll get him hissed out of the place." therefore I should hope it with his wife." to the doctor."•' No. no, something aery different.". "Well, well, Isupposewhat must be must "Well?""Well, make haste," ho said, in the grim be. Not that I have tho least authority to say "Ho did after the nature of doctors; poked"NotHastings? Ifhedaresloshowhisnoseselfupintime;soIaskedfor a holidaytogocan't talk ahoat it to her—" I~ Bertha, who slept in the same Toom with•Phoebe, awoke htr in tho morning with the Toice of a tired man. anything, but I could not help telling the poor me about, and asked if there were decline in theJ And Lucilla's steps sprang up stairs, as desir- ous to escape the sight aad speech of all.After the mdaneholy rouad of desert* d bedrooms, full of bitter recollections Lucilla again descended first, and at the door motquestion, «-What do you think is Miss Holmby's jRaroe?"*•! did not hear it mentioned.'•*It is either Eleanor or Cecily.photograph of a Cecily, with exactly tho samo -character.""She is lierc—Ccciiv Ravmond." fellow thus much—that if ho went on steadily fsmily;" and in spite of the smile, the great "Whatof that?" Ho sat down, folded his for a year or so, and continued in tho same muvf, Viae eyes looked ghastlyj "and hofoTbado exer-arm*, and atosscd his ankles, the picture of dog- I did not see avhy ho should not ask nay brotherand Cecily to reconsider it. Then it will bo for them to decide, you know."to mo who comes or••One of the Raymond coasicho*!. What for something to cat. An atrocious m's'ral! mort stood waiting at tho Waterloo station totion, and ordered good living and cod-liver oil." tion soon led to fall confidence.*Thensurelyyousaouldbetakingcare." "Ah! Iwassurethatagreatfloodhadpassed tho curate. After a few words, she tarned"Cecilv? Who coull it have been?" O'clock is it ?"mailergoes? Don't stop to rehearse arrivals, but ringCHAPTER XIII,May had come round again before Robert Ful*I once saw agod indifference. "MCSTSTI'." •'WhHdoes it"So lam. These are very good-natured over thatpoorchild! I was desperate whoa I people, and Pm a treasure of a govcrnes.*, yoa wrote to Pflcebe, for it seemed incredible that know. I havo refections ten times a day, and Itshouldbe«»tberof the others, bnt I mightmight swim in port wine, and the little Swiss have trusted r er. I wonder whs! will become bonne walks the children, and gives thorn aa of her. I Lsa-e not yet seen the man goodand laid, "Mr . Prendergast would row as down to the Vicarage, If you liked.""Indeed, my dear,*'said Honor, unwillingly, " I am afraid of the cold on the water foryoa.""Then pray let mo walk across tho Park!"My throat is liJse aturnpike road I Call it Jan- wclcomototm-ellcrs,whohad been prehibitol uary? Ittsawieekery!" from putiing Bertha's restored health to tho test Pliccba obeyed him; bat sho was m a ferment of cast winds. It was a vi*ta of happy faces that 6fce said she was r.ot ill, i.nt I am convinced of wrath and consternation, and clear of nolhing he encountered as ho looked into the carriage save that Cecily must tx> prepared for his ap- window, yet the first questions and answers werepearsnec. Shewasleavingtheroomwhenho gravesn*mournful.awful accent, which their mamma thinks the correct thing."enough foT her."" I have sees one—and so have yoa—bat I ehe said, imploringly; sod Miss Charlccoto meaa rtralts of teoacrty peT sqtsarc ioch,la pounds icalled to a<k what sho >ra9 doing."VCAIamsateshehask«<»wrttroaWa," "lamgoiflgtotellthaothersthatyouore-"Ifay.Robert,whitestheBannermAncar*berler.tyoftimetoseewhetherthisiscos-ForhersakeHonorhadregrettedthattheedthecurate..i'Agp," said Bertha, s"a?.:ns her voice so !h it . „1«r sister could h-ardly h-^r, "that SOTT*W cy>«id-C*lj4b&vebetaofonekin1. PatientwaitingU : *tamr<d on'herthrow. Sho is trying to lift up ( fcer head after-cruel di»n>«ntmsaU i)h. Iiopsheis^cAdr1 ,AnJ, to Ph«Ws tarprise and alarm, the p>trlittle fmrtcne-ielkr burst into tears, aul s^M>c 1riage? Phoebe is to be victimised there—store's -ense,*'arar&ces by txeaaa of a lever. The cylladers were «triokatly. There o>uld !«• cr> doubt thai her • ©wu diwppointmcat, rather than that which sho . ascribed to asir-ngcr, prompted tbis foA of .':'•testing',butHWASstrange,formallthemst fnoatis the poor chiM's jwrowaod diamc lud I^KtcoMiy, bardly. silem'/horr.e. Phx^durstIhetpecitowawtTe crushedaltxsc-*topowderb? be vio'tace of theconcassloa j it app^rcd, now* knowthatthereareothersnotto.ttfosamocase," Ysr,thattheftactcrecccurrediaverticalpUacs, she SAid, with fall heart and eyes. «i>liulair vp the tMchaea la all dTrectlor^ Thoccme." , . „"Wherearethey/' •"In the olive yards behind tho hotel." Don't be in such a hurry, and I il comcv ••Thank voa. Vat I hid better go 03 before.Miss Raamond is with them." , , " It make* ro «*!Js to her. Slop a mmuto^I Ull vou- What i» the matter wilh hcrr"t$ai 1* with some uneasiness, hidden by gruff-r>c*s.) „•-•»»'"Sheisrolhctcforherownhealth,Majof<4 Whether what is ?"* rtiura dinner to the Albaty-strect house- "Qaite. Ton know I alwaysosed to flyapon"Aboutmylun^?. Don'tloo!chorrified. holdandthebrotherswasforthisday,bat Wrapworthtarf." Aftersoaiosileaee—**I cutcfthereoulredleugahfroairodsdrawntothftIicadache, that sho was t,ft lying down under 'Igescbca s chsfg& when theoihcrsaveatto tha JScglish chapel, Hevurccateatrcaly was, that -they would bring Miss Holmby to her on their -Vetera. S^o hao conceived a!mo=t a paction fox -this yocng lady. And when the three church- fcoersJoinedthoHolmbypartyontheirWAV ifcackfromthoc?«p?l,theybegged,asHkind-fot wa3ks under sho is growing to bo more than we kno\y how to JRSSSteaninvalid,foravisittotkrtha. ea-crwhdmherwithscbcm-3-.ess coadi-Itw*sprsnledmoHreMrty,asifequally j.j**fant fo ih* giver of tho kedeets aud to tho receiver, and the two young maidens walkedJiome together. Phcc'oe could not bat explain 4heir gratitude to any cue who could rouse Ber- tha, saying that her spirits had received a great . *fcotk, sad that tho effects of her illness on her #»eeai and her eyes had made her painfully bash-•'"I*m so glad," was tho harried, rather qaiv- *ring answer, "I amgiad if I canbeofanyMcrvyn'eescort.Cecilylethert^i> Www WiJt*for."now. I can bo spared for a fortnight; aad as Mr,BoitoekdinesiatownthotefAftcr^s&or* row,feewill«ctmedown."Your affectionate," L. Susm&ooK,"her even forof mine, and don't w*nt to leave he;*'In;vcrthwtghtofyoa?Imfsg,*****$TMfsister* fcat=" &sd al Lucilla's mssto effectoally«Othenwhynot—"hobc«an. rwwdgwff«*«brake-wheel,towhichoaaoftit "B^c^n?f,"shc»ifltcrruptcd,*"inthefirstplaca, #Ude^r3cr?;dais«unictidt7fe^-'aor^h;?t*scwUntitled DocumentSim jho kard. cf icy Ku^i?3."*-•>*, SB(W"*****-»-.-the pity," interposed Mervyn. ••Thereistheirbicugjbam.Imeanttodrivoto Albury sired with her," said Robert, gazingal bis brother as if he scarcely knew him with-out tho characteristic knitting of the brow on lera grievances the scowl, cr thsbalf-jnecring smile;and with tho cleared and lishlcood air that hobad worn ever since thai little spark of hope hadVeen left to burn and shine undamped Vy'dissi-! talked of it." " . . .ration or worldly policy. Bertha also was chang- t PJxtbo ordered htt brother's carnage an ticv> both watched the ^reeling between be? aad Ro- ed. Shohadgrowntall^r.dwomanly,herlooks totakoh*rtobrtikf*?tmWoolsioneLanethe bert,batcoulliofcrnotiing,citherfromit,or beyond hcrag<s and if her childish vivacity wcra I riext morning, and before tea o'clock Honor ha* from their deportment at dinner, both weret<>Hdmbv i» tbcwmlic."'" Oh 2 that intolerable woman is here, is sho? fjone, tho softened gravity Vccame her math Vet- | heard the acon». it of tho visit in Essex, T e*t- | entirely uncml&mssccl and <xvvy. AfterwardsTb<nyesrr„ayg.vcMissCharlecotenotice t0 ter. ItwasPh<xVc'sreport,however,forwhich fuilvshotVssV?11*30Uastyrecon^ilrer*s for|RobertsoughtoatPhot**,aadbeltedturiatoMo the subject J** wotho.waScot enter 11 rjackupfecrtrspjLartd we'll « i off tomorrow. a kuulness to herself, dweuingoa the token3o? f the wlaiow wherohU affairs had a> often beenappointmcntJ'.. . . , . . ' gU*?,Sl(80?. *'Itcan'tcr.dinAisappoialmeat." EArt-avAtArrABATcs.—Aniraprovedrail-thanshowasbefore. ThatmeetingwithCecilv 1*£,.v.«t.*A**Ar*wwi;0MissRaymond,sad Baymonddidforherwhatwocouldnotdo,and"Itisbeyondmydesertstobesoktaily<5aty—P "Iam,"sisMid.prcnarAtafn.IShewas .?'^lKJ&Wfetakenhorne. Ih*veI^aratwh4tthatmeans "Well,thea,Ilovethisstatkyoldblackwifa-j.. -..X—'-v- ,_.*.«,. fijft «A-,»?A*IA&* /"• those re- sopiOmise*, uufl nw «>•. gvHnwiv»»o< • •r-!i£? thrilled &s pangs of pals ©a Phcebo** JfiW Ingheai.."Her spirits?"you hsa-e no idea of tho priea of lAwreace's pcr- trsits: aad, Inthe sccoad.itissonataral thatyot*B....vA;J|AU «wrj&AmtOiotwheelatthelow#?««^ oftEebake-whiel. H^^S!?i2f*S1 52Krta-.ited to the wain, the whc^lof oas guatd'abrake taittacbedtecboof theallderode, the«£?£*r»l"Yoa think well of Bctlhs ?"slid©rodorterat-"Never high, aad easily ehakca. Her nerves sre not strong yet, and sho will never, I fear, boveTle<riaTwords--.',,i had thought there mightbo other coasideraSoas." Her eyes spc«o tho should be kind that it costs even my proud spiritAs they walked homewards, Mervyn hinsolt quite girlishly careless and merry, but sho i s There passed a day of conflicting hope and—jast nothing *t all"—and again she looked upto bira with beamy, tearful eyes, and quivering, bgjts-g alfetbed to the othor brake-wheel. ?&% f»*appeared, slowly saantcring towards them. Tha younger si stcra spranit to meet him, Coci Iy fc) 1 back to Miss Charlecote. Phcebe held her breath,andscarcelydurstlook. Therewasa touch of tho hand, a greeting, then Birtha pouncedonherbrothertotell theadventure of fhcraYinci andCecilybegan toset Maria o;T-AVCand sweet. She doss cot shrink from pcs>- at Vari's, *J** **«"** older, much deeper, and al-fear, sootstcd by tho plea$t»t» of preparatioa, aadat sea-en In tho evening there came the riag attho house door, aad Lucilla was once more in away,"ha said, somewhat sternly. "I'vmtlittle r-.omer.t toambodv."I am sorry yoa do.""It is of r.o use for vou to know that yoar cousin has no more hoitt than a lettuce run to seed,"•*«: tut ho chic% longed, ar.d ho was soon sealed Wsidocomposedherbycaretsmdctccricir^;'"^ *--»aM?«,AiJ_l«.•,*«***.„,„-.;„.i^it,, herenthowaytoAlbarystreetjVrhilota«other* tel«d«<g,ycttru,nbTingalthotidingsofthaicanvassed.cithrthotears,orperhanltheiroriginalcaoss-.If*$!$^ty*^$\?£2£J$*vKU.W*Stfcw&^VC3citywards. l©sl«\iy-.Toa«Uo*airowllh«<hUdtohe*1>fhxWhoMid,"Ima>tdowhatIfeat*itmaybefarbeyondmymeans,"coatiaaadw»^t,Tft1ceaadcouplirt?*ppar»t\iaisde-vribedia ItafaifgueARdtrtrorof thepfevioas day-had r ^ * f ^ } t w * »} that.moment, Notftril!f*TywtihrtigtAfor,|-}4slww*sinstschft|trailingfcdr&lftOUitcrar.ervot\ trembling sta?o,and had so eevero'A ) flairs, f ut on her hat and talked foftS, ?*Hn* ffed?''..£«rota,rjjc)treat cp *v^, fitccb*,it>«sllp^l- *UrnothcrlynursingWASthoforcaiost thought in her strange medley cf grief and Joy, hope aad fear, •• . . . .win d!sifc*$yw. *ud i want to prepare you," tho curate, as if bo n-ad bcea aasweriag her im- tbeiSngltsaiouTTAi.*. i^y»ni«laTeo»ico,e«eJic*rIn arailwaytwtfaeAnd?siH30Wa *pp-r»lt:*,aade-xhr , o t M^ i ^ t ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ S ^ t ^ i t A J'*k£Ci»uchc':Aiiged^&e^. «W#&* l^WAThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691 } l t "ShethirTka»ndTM,^*u• llitUf"s not e*asyy*<t*o"Not when tho offer was made to you, but•$fcs». «UluAcLi:*SRr>il -v!^v"<-5«^ «***tlBs*been surprised bv the entrance of Lucilla, look-ing wretchedlv ill and exhausted, and though Only when Honor spoke of her again seeing theshe had rallied her spirits after thefirstmoment, physician whom*he had consulted, she at firstPhoebe had no choice but compliance; advis- talked of having come up from Es&sx for a day's sharply refused, then, as if recollecting herself, thown her the note.ingBerthanottobetrayherkcoaried^*,and raoeklysaid;"Asyoathinkfit,butIhadrather "Howcouldvouknowit?**anxious to know the conclusions which tlu* acute holiday of shopping and seeing her nephew, and it was not the same." *'BecauseIsawamattinh^3V0cati<m.', _ •young woman would draw from the present con- had inquired eagerly and warmly for Miss Caar- "I thought he was yon own preference," said A. long silence, during which Cilly caught ajecture. But Bertha was too fond of both par- lecote* he had been'sufficiently uneasy about har Honor, "otherwise I should have preferred Dr. pitving glance.thing.""If onlv she will be there.""Stuff, Phcebe 1 The more Mervyn sulks, theher address."And now," said Robert, "1 want you, with and b3S3ea yearning at her heart—yearnings end of it."whom she has never quarrelled, to call on her as more it shows that he cares for her; and if she an old friend just coma into her neighborhood,which could be stilled onlv in taa wav.A knock. She started hp, and calfed "Come in," and a small, white, ghostlyfigureglided in,the hands tightly clasped together."I had hoped not past recaL**"WelL if you will have the truth, wh.ett.it Was ling charge!"cares for him, of course it will come right*" "She thinks it her duty not tc hear.""Oh, ho! from you who know all about it;andfindout what was the doctor's' opinion. I am sure sho is destroying herself."done and not to be helped, we were both very sorry; I caa answer at least for one, but he hid bound himself heart asid soul to his work, andkindness to me? Yes, indeed I did. I couldn'tfaighabovethemaswhentheybegantheiren- ahalf assent. Theowneroftheroomwaslean- helpit,youknow. Itdidnotseemtruetolet hadonceentertained;andPhcebecould,neither edit. Ilongedafteritwhenitwasoutofreach bestpupilthrowupyourpetworkforthesake«M•eras the castle, perched ur\ and apparently as spoke her admiration warmlv. but met with butterprise;belowwasasteepdescent,clothedwith ingherheadagainsttheglass,and,with anef- anybodybegintobemyfriend unlesssheknew inkindnessnorhumanity,refusetobethemeans butnow—"ofalittletrumperycrushedfirefly?'*flours aad adorned with white heaths. The place *was altogether strange; they had lost them- Selves; Bertha began to repent of her adventure, Had Maria was much disposed to cry.*v Never mind, Maria," said Bertha, "we will mot try to go any higher. See, here is .the dry fced.of a torrent that will "make a famous pathown. There, thaVaifeht.. What a picture it 5s! what au exquisite peep of the p«a between the boughs! lake care, there's no danger if yea" mind your feet, and we must come outj»mewhereJ" .The somewhere, when the slopo became less •violent, was among vineyards and olivettes, no •VestigeofapaththroughtheiO,onlyaverysmallfort for indifference, said, "Did I hear that— -~allMat. So I told her—and oh! Phcebe, she that you were expecting your brother?" was so dew and pice better tU?3 9Y°r after"louareCecily!"excUdmodPhcebe,instead, that,"continuedBerina,with,whatsounJodof reopening communication, with tho voluntary exile,80 Phcebo obtained the use of the brougham for the next day, and set off for her long Essex drive, much against Augusta's will, and greatlyof answering.And Cecily, turning away from thewaidow,1like sobs; "and thea you know she could not help hearing how good and patient he wa3 arith me—only growing kinder and kinder the moremyfire-fiycrushed.""When the poor fire-fly has lit tho lamp oflearning for six idle children, ne other eause forlleast." «, " Not before?" was the rather odd question/4leant against the avail for snpport, and, her pale tiresome I was. She must feel that, Phcebe, wondering what it would produce; compassion-Honor held out her arms, she flung Herself dimness need be sought. No, I waa well andhe had absolutely forgotten what sentiments he said a husky, stified veice; "I meant it—I want- the preacher of sacrifice, wishing to see your"What, mv dear?" asked Honor, appalled at the effort with which she spoke."Your pardon!" and with a pressure of hands and contraction of tho brow as of physical agony, she exclaimed, "Honor, Honor, iorpve me!" i' No. The place was forlorn enougn. arithout j face crimsoning, said, "I thought you did not must not she? And then she asked about Rob- ate of course for poor Lucilla, yet not entirely prone into them, and wept. Tears were with wicked in the height of the pain, aud long after you; but I was not such a fool as to think of »know." - ert, and I told her how Mervyn has let him get able to wish that Robert should resign the charge her an affection as violent as rare, and her sob3 it wore out—for wear out it did—and I am glad young beauty, and all tkat.""My sisters do not," said Phcebe; "but b. a chaplain to look after the distillery people, for which he was so eminently fitted, ea'en for were fearful, heaving her little fragile frame as ho is too wise to set it agoing again. I don(t " All that meaning my wiekedness," said Lttold me, when—when he hoped-—'* and the Institute that that old gin-palace is to the sake of Hiltonbury and home. Lucy must though they wouldrend it, and issuing in short like emotions. I only want to be left aloud. cilia. "Tellme again. You always did U"."And now you will help me," said Cecilly, be made into." hurrying cut her words as if overpowering oneof her wills. "You will, I know. I have prom- "Those werejust the things I was longing to ised my father and uncle to have nothing to do tell her.be altered, indeed, if"he would not be happier cries and gasps of anguish. Honor held her in Besides, he has got into such a region of good- the sprite even when it was wicked, only y ;without her. her arm3 all the time, much alarmed, but sooth- ness, that his wire eught to be saper-excellent. Phcebo had written a few lines, saying that ing and caressing, and in the midst, Lucilla had i I know no cne good enough for him unless youhearing that Lucy was so near, she could not not lost all self contrel, and although unable to 1trould haa*e him!"withhim.Donotletmobotakenbysurprise. "Shecouldrotstopmeyouknow,becausol helpbeggingtcseeher. Thisshesentin preventtheparoxysm,restraineditasmuchas[ £susual,Honorwasbalkedofbestowingsyra- outandwashedoutintoamererag.AndiGivemenotice,that1*mayget Aunt Holuiby knewnothing," cried Bertha, triumphantly. withhsr card,andafter a little delay,was possible,andnea-erattemptedtospeaa;butwhen'pathv.andcouldonlywonderwhetherthiswere likeherthebetter. 1*>ment. Cecily was not allowed to shut herself herself clasped, clung to, kissed, fondled with a trollable sobbing, she looked up with the sweet- : tad been lost in tuo duties of his calling, in the cess. " I used to wish you hadn't such , ' *Xh?sbroughtoutaman,who rudelyshoutedto "Ihavepromised,"repeatedCecily;andgrasp- up,anddidnothingremarkable,thoughavoid* sudden, gasping,tearful energy. Then,asif estsmileeverseenby Honor, who could not«otB6r baddiedoutforwantofrequitaL Forthe whenthoseinsolentfellows talked ofyo;the terrified pair that they were trespassing. i»» Phoebe*8 wrist, she added; "you will help me . ing the walks that sho would otherwise havo striving to recall the ordinary tone, Lucilla ex- help thinking that'such a sight might have met . present, in spite of herself, her feeling towards you will get up your looks again when Theywouldhavefledatonceupthetorrent-bed, k«pmypromise.'* •:' ...ItakenwiththoFulmortparty;andwhenshe claimed—"There—Ibegyoarpardonforsuch theeyesofthemotherwhofoundthedevilgone}Robertvergedmoreondistant,ratherpiqued thecareofyou. Theiflrstcollegelivii.suchkindness. Luckilysomecf mypupilsaremight haa-e seemed absolutely indifferent, but driving out with their mamma, and I nave sent "Dear Honor!"*4:Ah! butlam growingolder!"shEftgi?*%:•.of their interviews. Mervyn let her alono, andspeak for many seconds. At Last Lucy said t I Owen Sandbrook's teaching was, through her,on her woman's heart through Owen's daughter. to forty are of the same age as;allmec;£"-. thirtyto fifty- We areofjustthesame*>'-ciCHAPTERXV. ing,yousee!" %£•tostop,pointedtowhathecalledtheway,loss. absence,thoughoftenrestlessandstrangelynotayearhadpassedoveryou." Ineverfinditoutbefore?IwishIcouldbea UncleKit'sdeathhadenabledCharlesChar- "Seventeenyearsbetweenus!". >i-~and Bertha drew Maria in that direction, trust- that they should escape by submission, but after ^olng a little distance, she found herself at the «dgcof a bare, deep, dry ravine, steep on each •side, almost so as to bo impassable. The pathenly rah on the other side."Monsieur, there is surely somo mistake.'*caid a clear voice in good I'reiich from the path<mtheotherside,ami,lookingacross,thesisters . •were cheered by an unmistakable English brown Jiat.. The lady* whose bank was more practica-ble, came down to meet them.. Poor Maiia was in such terror that sho couldTtardlvk-^phor footing, and iuo hinds both of 3krtba ana the unknown friend were needed tokeep her from affording still more diversion to gho-nonennta bv-falliss prostrate. - The lady me."you are doing Bertha so much good? ""I should like to be with you while I can, if Imay," said Cecily, her eyes full of tears.'""Oh, when you see how much difference—" "I must not see. Do not talk of it, or womust not bo together; and indeed it is very pre- cious to me." She rested her head on Piioebo's shoulder,andputanarmroundherwaist."On- ly one thing I must ask," sho said, presently; "Is ho well?"tempered, never even scolding Phcebe; and in holding her hand, gazed at her as if unwilling father made me oa*er to you."j her presence, though he might not exchange thnt either shomd break the happy si- "Ah! Lucy, we all would begin again i f we threo avords, or offer the smallest service, there lence. Meantime, Phcebe was shocked to see could. I have come to the perception how oftenwas a repose and coatent en his countenance how cempletely Robert's alarms were justified I exasperated you."" No. no; I can't spare all that yellow hair.for tho cessation of all complaints of Hyeres, the others to the nurse. Now then, take off your "Sly dearest.** •andforthenoteworthy-brightness,obligingness, bonnet,letmeseeyou;1wanttolookatahome "Liedownbvme; pleaseputyourarmsround•teseinBertha'sarms. had expectedabeingsosoftandfeeling in her Theforemost,shontinginFrenchtothesistersfirmness,andgricTingthomoreatMervya'sandgoodhumorofhismanners.Eveninherface,andyouareasfreshandasinnocentasifme.There!Oh!itissocomfortable.Whydid* Then must we lose you," said Phoebe, "when watchful, he avas always placable and good- Lucilla fera-ently kissed her again, and then little child, and begin again from the time myteris, or rather his creditors, to advertise Castle " Nothing at alL as you will see when Ii*L Blanch for sale, and Lucilla, who had a more on my cap, and look staid."that gaa-e his wholbtBBiressioa a new reading. by Lucy's appearance. The mere absence of theHe was looking particularly arell, fined down coquettish ringlets made a considerable diffe* into alertness by his disciplined life and hill rence, and tho palo color of the hair, aa it was"An angel who did his duty by me would have exasperated me in your place."" Yellow, indeed! if you don't know bette* what to call it, tho sooner it is out of sight tot"Yes, teat was one error of mine. I thrust climbing,hiscomplexionclearedandtannedby plainlybraided,increasedthewannessofher myselfinagainstthewishesofyournearestrel-mountain air, and the habits and society of the appearance. The transparent complexion had ative."She was like a playful kitten for the nox tlast year leaving an unconscious impress, unlike lost the lovely carnation of the cheek, but the "My thanklessness has made you feel that.** "Quito well," said Phoebe. "Hehas beenget- that which he used to bring from his former meandering veins of the temples and eyelids "Don't talk on, dear one—you are exhaustingtion. Her chest was pronounced to be in ating better ever sinco avc left home. did not know he avas with us."Then youhaunts.were painfully apparent; and with the eyes so 1 yourself." t«» .^ A . i « . __--,!._ -_i:t— _—.,_-./, .1,-_ 1 • «f» •:{,-quarter of a mile, her prettiest sauciness rcturr and as there avas no longer uwu fur extra ing in the exuberant, confiding gladness w i :CEUthe first fine day.The luuhm Bummer was in full giory, everywood arrayed inbrightness; and as they drovefrom the Wrapworth Station, the banks of theriver were surpassingly lovely, brown, red, and have pined ever sincewe atere carried awayfrontremain here.""No. It is not right for mo to dwell on those things, and they never mention any of you tothat lady to take her on one of the grand Mon*day expeditions, when all the tolerably sound • yfciting population of Hyeres were wont te meet,with the excessive fragility of the form, and tha nhauowy thinness oftho hand that held Phcebe'a. Berthas fingers, at her weakest, had been moreall things. Honor, these few years have shown me what your education did for me against my will. What would have become of me if I hadas they entered tho village. * t .-. "Foomrapworuii-BneBaid, "yen will Sot- ""ijuiyouwuiwritetousnow? You will not desert Bertha. You do not know how much you aro doing for her.""Dearchild!Sheissolikewhathewas when first he came.""If yeu could guess what sho has suffered, and how fond he is of her, you would not turn away from her. You will let her be your friend?"pass to strangers! It is strange to know tha yet to feel the old days returning for which:;; -And embarrassment, together avlth the desire: may be right to listen. Here I am trusted join Cecily, while the deserted Bertha, coming pathetic goverhessea of fiction. Every one has"Thenfollow my example, and be content T At the next turn they overtook Mr.' Pren- with this present gladness..:Soexplain,deprivedher soutterlyofutterance, : that Maria volunteered, " Bertha always speak- 5ng so funnily since she was ill." Bather a per- plexing speech for the lady to hear; but instead erf replying, she asked which was their hetel; findBerthaanswering,sheturnedwitha start of surprise and interest, as if to see their faces .better, "adding, " I have not seen you at tho ' Sable d'kctej' and under tho strange influence of-j<-:No*.AsMariasays,Ihavebeenverysilly itwasnotbeautythatMervyn loved,she was thatthetediousdinnerwasbrokenup,wasa *'MissCharteriscalledonusatNice. She— "^fjiflce my illness in the winter, and they have hushed at once, aud by the same mild authority knock at their door, and Cecily's entrance, look- oh,' Lucy! you will be surprised—she is a Ply-turned out of tho room. ing exceedingly white, and speaking excedingly mouth sister!""jffren way to me, and let me see no one." Well for her that 6he could tell her story to low, "I am come to wish you good-bye," she VRiShe!—old Rashe! We reverse the elddergast, and he was instantly .at the carriage- "Ha I ha! I wonder what they'll say at door, exacting a willing promisb of taking lun- Southminster. Didn't I row them for using cheon with him on the way back, a rest for you-so abominably ? I have cot been near them which Honor was thankful, sure as she was since!" - - .that this visit wari costing Lucy, more than she ; "More shame for y o n ! Sarah is my besthadanticipated. Theroomswereopened,and correspondent,andnooneeverdidmesomuch Bet out for inspection. Honor and Phcebe made good as Mrs. Prendergast. —:".-*•fter voice andface,Berthawas able toanswer,v 'Y ou ought to have done so then; for I should you, isbetterthansleep." " throughtheapartments, silent andvery white notbethehappywomenIamnowifshehadnotCecilydidttOihideh.6T5*lftoSSymatted de-gree; and, probably to silence her aunt, allowed ever, made the effect almost ghastly, together under your roof in peace, then I will obey you inwhich she clung to the aStetion that at !c=gt-'-however, as much character and force in their grasp as ever."Lucy, I am euro you are ill! How thin you first to enter tho town, and there, in the Place are!"des Palmters, looking about him as if he were "Well, than, cod-liver oil is a base deception!Nothing could have saved me but my spirit of contradiction. No; all fiat saved my father's teaching from dying out In me—all that kept me at my worst from the Charteris standard, all that has served me in my recent life, was what von did for me. There, I have told you enly the truth."Honor could only kiss her, and whisper some* thing of unloosed for happiness, and LuciUa'3the scenery.Miss Charlecote and Phcebe, being among thehome and Mr. Pendy."'Yes, nothing is wanting but that we couldbest and briskest of the female walkers, were theolive, illuminated by sprays ofyellow, like fire-works, and contrasting with the vivid green ofthe meadows and dark blue water. Cilia wasgazing, with all her soul in her eyes, in silence. f "Never mind! We will make a bottef She was trying to revive the sense of home that rapworth for one another, free from the stains once had made her heart bound at tha first of my Castle Blanch errors and sorrows I l a m , , glimpse of IVi^pworth; but her spirit leapt up even glad of the delay. I want a littlo time to no more. Thc: finailiar scene only impressed be good with poor dear Honor, nowthat I havo the sense of honaelesshess, and of the severance heart and spirit tObe good."greatly amazed at himself, they beheld no other Never mind that—lot me hear of Honor—the "If it be right," said Cecilly, with tearful than the well knownfigure,of Sir.John Ray- old sweet Honey—is she her veryself ?'*eyes, but her mouth set into a steadfast expres-"Indeed, I hope so; she has been so very kind to us." ' " '" • •"And. found subjects in yoa not too cross- do, MissFulmort? Isyoursisterquitewell grainedforherkindnesstobepalatable? Ah!•'Miss Charlecote. how are you? How d'yetearsflowedagain at the tenderness for which, of the last tie to her father's parish, her mother's "And I grudge every week to her! I de-shebadlearnttohunger;butitwas-agentle shower this time* and she lot herself bo hushed Into calmness, till she slept peaceably on Hon- or's bed, in Honor's arms, as she had never done, even as a young child.' Honor watched her long inquietgladnessand thankfulness,thenlikewiseagain? Where's my little niece?"icOnly a little way behind with Bertha.""Ah 1 there she comes;" and.he hastened toa good hard plunge into the .world teaches one what one left in the. friendly ship! Not that mine has been a hard one. I am not one of the.nativeplace. Honoraskedifshewouldatopin clare,Cilia,youmakemowishevilvtomy the village. " Not yet," she said; "let ushave the Castle first." neighbor."alone,andfhaveonlytokeepnaypromise.Tell uptohersister,muttered,"WretchedgirlI I beenkindertomethanI amworth—But,oh!d o when I am at homeland it will make inn hap- hear she had written to him to fetch her home. to hear mysolf called Lucy again!"-»and she hid slept; and when awakened at last by a suppress-charmofdoingnothing.The physician was the same who had been con-abroken-downgoverness! There—letJushave with flowers. The waxen complexion, done with nonsense. Come in this way."ax .-»* ».-v*—'regretted, was probably a relief; for JLacllla, £3she threwoff her bonnet, and sat down to the does not desire it- "Wall?"cud $0, making bri«f work of answers to inquir- "She must have verv insufficient pay?'* ies, and showing herself altogether disappoint- "Yes but I think she is glad of that, and she ingly the old Cilly. Robert's absence was also aobserved upon their growth, noticed^ the littleover, and never eonii be renewed. She herself "Cilia!"She looked with eyes of wrcoder, drew har i disappointment,toHonor,thoughshesatisfied thenextday,whenthenotewasbroughtinan- aavav,tsdstoodstill,partlybewildered. "Y* She was alone in the cedar parlor with Honor"Quit* right; I knew it," said Lucilla, when, Honor had with some attempt at preparation,Tho peace was such that neither could bear, to j approached the ideal of her own first love, and The worst is, I am growing no younger i f i i sgenuine affection for the place than had any ofthe natives, had an earnest desire to take ad-vantage of the display of the house and groundsto pay the scenes of her youth one last better."visit. 'The vehemence of this wish was her first "Why, what do you call it ?"recurrence to her old strength of will, and Hon* "Flaxen, to be sure—blonde cendrte, if^vor orabehelditasasymptomofrecovery,though likeitbetter—thatisthecoloroftowandasneV" dreading the long aud fatiguing day of emo-satisfactory state, ber health greatly improved;x»mildinCitiA.EuuBbsay t-otu-Ia * Ciui Bleep precaution,.he threeladies setforth together satisfiedherspirit;butgravitycamebackto'That was what made her stay so quietly, was her face on Phcebe'a shoulder in another excess ed cough, looked up to see the two stars of blueeyes, seft and gentle under their swollen lids, gazing on ber full of affection."I have wakened you," Lucy said. "Have yoa been awake long?"''Notvery;buttolieandlookattheoldwin-'strangertoLucilla,andleaveherfreetomove dows^ and smell the cedar fragrance, and seeStillthelowmorningcoughandthepallorof asifitwereasacreddutyto standwherever donemegoodbecauseshecouldnothelpitIX the face, filled Honor with anxiety, and though Ehe had stood, to gaze at whatever her eyes had hope they won't take it to heart." -Lucilla attributed much to tho night's agitation, once mot. f , I hope they will!"she was thoroughly languid aud unhinged, and Presently she stood still, in the dining-room, "What?" ; .py. .;•,-•»•"'."'•••:'••Though, nonsense; my wizened old face i senoughto"orehim," andshetried to laugh.Phcebe rcgY»ttcd what she had said of Bertha's saw the blank look that overspread his face on of mine?""impression, and believed that tho gentle, worn hearing of Sir John's arrival, but ho said not a "It was one of the reasons I wished to see faceoughtIobefarmoretouchingthanthemost word,onlyhurriedawaytodressforthetcMe you. Ithought youmight like to hearof radient cb*nns, but when she strove to say that de'hoie. The first notice tho anxious ladies had them."•Tonsawthem?"it?" NoonecouldacuseMervynofindifferencewhoof emotion. "Isav,Phcebe,didyouhearofthosecousins"Did Honor make such a liberal remark ?TiiCK, I «a £$nVIsaliit»tot i«&mehearof as that in which her father had brought on his Iy. That picture has been much admired—by j perverse determination of mine it was thit#*Jtyrar , _i proceeded to condemn tho Raymond pride;:'They Phoebe only remained with the conviction that and she is so very good and charitable." away. In a few seconds Phcebe fallowed, and tyranny, as much to defy the Charteris %.|'-K .called it religion, but she was not so taken in. something had happened. *"Ha! Nice is a grand place for colporteurs delicate for governess life, positively forbidding found her leaning on the balustrade of tho ter- do her justice. I am more ashamed na, What reasonable person heeded what ayoung man - Miss Charlecotte was more fortunate. Sho and tracts. She would be a shining specimen her going back to her situation for another day. race, her breathing heavily oppressed; but she have the secret of. your. yielding," sb ,mighthavedone whenhowas sowinghis wild oals? Ne, it-was only that the Baronet bloodh a d m e t t h o B a r o n e t i n t h e p a s s a g e , a n d w a s a c - t h e r e , a n d d i s s i p a t i o n , r e l i g i o u s o r o t h e r w i s e costedby him with, "Do youjoverdosucha oldRashemutthave."H o n o r h a d l e f t t h o r o o m v r i t h h i m. S h e f o u n d w i t h d o w n c a s t e y e s , y e t a s u d d e n s m i l e i Lucillawithherfacehiddeninthesofacushions, smiledcoldlyand-etemly,"andtighteneda stiff, end.bnt the next moment, met a tremulous half spas- cold grasp on Phcebe'a arm, as she said— "We will take that child home and b:goodI thought.""Much more than I thought.""He has been speaking to me, and I can't sayfor her. They lia-e a strange rambling life." own living and necessity sends me home, with- • 1 have heard Lolly plays as deeplyas Charles, out the grace of voluntary submission." .does not she? All Castle Blanch mortgaged—of his selling my mother!"" But, Lucy, listen. Miss Charlecote waswould be sold but that Uncle Kit is in the en*themtohavothatgirlsowellmarried. Sht butthatIwassorryforhim,thoughwhyit tail! Itbreaksone'shearttohearit! Theyall "ItisveryoddthatIshouldlikeitsomuch,"to get it for yon." to try to get it for you."Not now," said Lucilla, with all herslei readiness. "I will tell her to-night. Youwi"Nav, my child, the very calling It homo shows that it need not humble yea to return."I am sure she meansdaresay. ItisrightthatIshouldbear comeinthefirstdayyoucan?"• I beliea-e she pays the bills when thev move. frem sentiment, "what shall I say to Mrs. Bos« " A n d the maid'said that there had been a Honor had truly been uneasy, fearing that Weweretoldthat*itwasabeautifulthingto tock? Whatawretchshowillthinkmo!I gentlemanspeakingaboutit,andtryingtose- Lucillawaswalking,sittingdown,erfastingsee how patiently and resolutely she goes on must go over and see all those children onco cure f t . She thought he bad written to Mr. imprudently; but the brilliant color, the joy-minute she became more open and confidential; " He was brought up to selfishness, and nslh- and as the guarded reserve wore off, Phcebo con-trived to lead to tho question of her spirits and health,andobtainedafulleranswer."You had advice?""Yes, I thought it economical to patch my-much to hear cf at homo. I havo never inquired They dia-erged into other subjects, but every after Sir. Henderson. Not dead?"There was a bright, thought strange flickering without ©b.ru3ivencss. Always at homo in thowrite.""Not yet my dear."Her cote to Lucilla was pcaaod with trem-bling caution, and each word was reeorittdeted<'ay and nS<&t, In ca» the pervert temper home for yoa. Bat, Phcebe, oaco you told saoThe auawe? oame. ._ ceald make a yoa were coatent to bo sacrificed to my foremostveaklewieal«ded--»ndtwoCAchcar.' l%eseba.rs«r red-, whenooop.<afOgot ih«tbtwith«* the-lecsm of tt*tr*;o, or mj» hereof,f.:«-.i'twogWdelbMiottoas*^l»5ihof « , • » » • . ;ThefiretorlancevlafttrAlaOar«o»tJ»it their duty to occupy the chattering maid, a" I didn't ask her to do you good."twoboysandagirl,fancifullydressed,andasking aboat'the agent. 1Honor that it is Madness itself ia her; bat I—Flintg'iass,$,413;crceagiass,9$&, croarogkss, 9,91$. The experiments ia regard to the rerUJaaot- ofglasstocm-":.-tr.3aver*nudeuponssai.1cylindars aadcsbescfg*-a«strashedbetweenrarallelsteelfathe rcvia-cd towards ea-eaiug, end joined the know what yea have been doing," sha said, with required ditmtfer, w h o taC.tea aad thea aaaealed,He ccuM only trace tha remains of a stupid old tartv, looking fn less pretty aad piquante, aad a choking voice.cold, and if it were more, I know of no fact of sotat&ie wayreto^&lng the eiser:«r aadfirstccftted akin of gla«s. The cato were cs%frcca xaaeh UrgnpeaUoas, aad were incotr-eiaea<e»pKjbaUy ia a lass peifect condltioa M r?gur&» veamtiog,-6»g-*5vva«i parchAfJTmayboabrulevsoitmayc«dindis- lnpc-o-j-,xs^n. tfgttafom, %>.mj<fcrowaWasItcoming?Bathowcouldhehavoportnnitiesforaaewdoll, whsi1<suibel«kedbymeaasofafaictioawheelorcv dress ss;ttvU-4istel*e oalyjust appropriate, " Abcal the picture? "Yoashouldcotsaythat,Lucy,itiswrong batstillafairbrichtobject,andfitimgsona- "Why?""I thongntyw Icawr tbAt folly had passedHenofa'sarm?. Itwasforamomentaconvul- thatnooneeisehasthoughtofitI'*QdC9in- Charlecote,"criedh&iinhisrougheagerness.- fee^th«.r»ad «h*y"»*»**oonjtnietedthttthesive embrace,-but »t was not the same lingering dicated Ml»Chatlecote. - •' * '"Don't use sach words," sha acswered, smil- treinmaybeWckedor shitnted without interRr.aj with the ectlcn <.f tbe br*ke barg at>d st*^ps.clinging as avhea she nact Phcebe, nor did she"When I knew that before, *hy may I notsmiling lip."What, It is still a bore to live with Missr.-<t;,v.af.a{>.sc-.--;3f.f5\af';.*r>',-^7.-. ctrc•;•s:%f^^i car, when j>top«rly adjured, allowof one ef taSwre "being woaad aipby eitber guard, ladepeaae^y of" I thought of it from the moment whenwere too good and right-minded."" Too old and too poor. "Sheisoldandpoornow,"6aidCilia; " r i www.fultonhistory.com 