 THE QBXAX AQaATUaUIClMtMxe^ frtm First ^«f«.] ««dwlM«tteywoiddppedM giis tbetr otnuxt effortsas as we fiBlahed andleasoBwith them.No amount wlU serveneetloa «Ith their owa DeUtlcal Nsaalaailan. «hen ttevwlilektkMItalwsn renula, aittie to Uic meemitliiimaat of the oliject then In vie w—tbe rights privileges it confers.•wawUI jMi eaitatato,hBTa tailed to obaervedariag^^ *^°""° " eoe?aaiUi^takndfrtlieaCnodii8tltaaoo,lnletter is fromeieetioa«ii ika tgmmmi''Tnemind of the and not onm then, will come con- North,Hilnlstration. The, ,3^0 chief elementB—theand religious—c»^ inever harmonize in practice. TheJitUtriUjmdfwunt,turningsentiment of truth and in the Northern justicedoubted that Mr.Lisooui,publiclyenergybeing the fortifications erected for the S;Anti-taaTety Exeontlire. Gentlemea,5iiff*The EqpubUca'j P»to. ^«aaaot poariUa re-wsister. dren.r Cllild,4. J9. dw Canpbeil,J.Mitoh*ll.aad8lBUKitea«ce.— *say'.Ikat we &»• Ja« pened tferougb, tbeand as representing the puouc main tmbreken *i».^iB» (em of the iacomtag Ad- Ihat^cre ujust eroirndfcr u. But we earnestlv entreat—BUecd thimniTee, whilst tbe was, asFo» HoiILTm,I feel too indignant. I can hardly Juc. Qarlow, L.J.. >."-*addresses, speechesonr Somhern brtlhren to abstain from hasty and iooon- sldcralesclioii, thai time may be afforded for brlnuliarDec. II, 18U. stand tbe way in wliich little garrison IsAlreatCrofli the inilpit were to few la num-opentbesubject.per-political^Dun treated....m, -«.».»*<(iMm. —Ward. O. K. fez, O. Snaoar, Banj BarUoTTMr Crsh^m, TboBss DOyi, S; BUIett. Mrs. Ksmrtn,wrtaa>e ktlaUied a most oaeunable uoto-that whichgoestowardscreatinga pure, paulouclerecopcihatlon«f existing dlaerences, and that ihe source of our prospnritT-ttat ^Minre the of the Muth, if they will but they have, and upon peopleBrig Regnles, (Brem.,)"socialandmoral no who equals. fAp- man,*t«veboatandbtUwarks,andBhIppedakaarys[Jnttaetlonpealed,and in theirplaceapublicsentiment shouldof themeasures of we 1860,dedicated preached in theRev.Dr. Brhusi•thsrwisa,meimlyeScientcurefortnemistogo recortsideredourconduct,andareftwe pla-tform upm vrtiich oar father stood— treat the Souikern States as we treated them on the m-is an inclosed water battery, having a front on the south, side, feet, depth about 240 feet. It is built with salient and reenwring angles on all sides, and is admirably adapted for de-at work, on in the works of Satunlay, hydraulicMr. WoaTHiHOTOit, comer of Tan Brunt and RapelyeaWIND-Durlng the day, from V. toW.8.W.-and retom to the glorious rules and auAWation the Government—as ofSailed.Steamships Saxonia, of aad Isr Hairtant. aai aaartthe Battery at I2i( P. M^ City ot WashlnataB.«>rLtT-erpooL and tbe at Ipassed Battoy P. M.j llslamaPolice of the Sixth and Mount venea. for Saraaaahthat Ihisis a free white Republic, and not tte home for the free blacli man, and if tie free blackhas in his nature and conf'Jtution a capactty of hatng elevated to power, and of being civilized, Curis-'youApurpose putting ugly-looking rangement, wtuch consists of strips of plank 4 inehesto to their friends their wishing presentifacipleItwiliBotberepalasd. pgiltiealoaafiasftfaroashWe have stoodby yoa in tlie jost passed. rrbatterygagedofheavy guns.good manymen are en-,masonry.In constructing the a other, however,savinghundreds of valuable lives.[HiiiOiwI,!mcBt of the blessings that we now have, shall peopleus as we haveplaced. small carroiiade,—when that continent the plains and hills of Africaand a howitzeras to command the whole intervening moat by a cross-No.ahafibave its cities, its commerce. Its armies and na-we have been the open ond unshrinking vindicators ofTiet—wUie the Soiuthem States of Uut Ummfire.In the huiried execution of these extensive im-Edwin Croswell, Stephen P. Russel, James W. Beek- Ban, Watts Sherman, John H. Brower, Ellas S. Hig-Pennsylvania State Fives, 87—^-•lar prove irresistible, that we may consultmUi the calmness due to the magiutude of the crisis, tor the removal of the causes which have produced it We make this aiqjoal to yoa In aatlra oonMsBce thatis adapted to itstogether,[A«v«rHn»>eal 1 OUDAT PBB8EKTS.1tianized, what a mighty empire of free, eIndependentpowerful erationthe reasonswehave lorItet Is the war rcan have its foil gratification. itrmntttOKm^KMsffimmgreat country, may ><"' coOperatioB be speedily redressAl. We do not in-insociety are danger of lieing broken up, involvingthe Pcaoe of families, the interests of communities, and {be lasting welfare and reputation of tiie wUi;le Con-laPills and Oint- espMially is this the ease this City. Teat .^aaaHMa*their nb-(ederacy of States,of dis- delioacy sbouloifiamework of plank has been substituted. Againstm w«kSlR^iq^ il(cember'i7. IIP.addressesus In this emargeocy—no finely turned period the arst departure Irom the practice of the Gorerr;- tS^^SS^i, kS^"^ofin speech—no nsoluttous, however pattnreiotciccasainodn.weNlal itnhent underofthteheCon^titrllen. We must go back to pointed and considered, will answer policy founders of tbe KepubUc if we tope.alo^ueattbeof earcuril aiid unity.'States; Eleventh, IS; misunderstood thispushedtiponNinth,;8Tenth,;57 8ii-Therefore, gtmtlemen, I would not whole andrCoastitntlan, and obliterate that great in-—tte Sapreme Court of tbe United States—that tbe we have been placed since the formation of the Gov- edge importsanctioned t^the nameofGioasi Wash- realrtent [Appunse.] I would not say to the preatttt teiDeratlon or to postery that we could im- lauaa ttl^altering one sin^e word or provision of it for we haveyour part.; rnliiMhIa. ftr ; Farkersl>anh,lli>r WOminiitoa,J(. C:'Bm>would guaranlte complete protection to the people of thenaaibbneo-^lyHoLoolsa, Boitaa.;farm^tbat would be ailded. I will not say It, not be- friends of Representative Government in both hemi- cause 1 have not duly and fully reflected on it and aca spbeies, we appeal to you by Uie sacred memorv of Bot nrepared to say it, but because it may as well be that fraternal friendship wliich i)ound our fore- left for greater men than I to have the honor of fathers together through the perils of themoderation in the flow of popular opinion, which will inevitably withhold those to whom the great interestsside is nearly finished. Tbe wor^^Uhe sul>- countor^STjsIS aoM. wisBXMvrf-itBRevolution, patting it in form, and suggesting the way in which has united us all through succeeding years which it should be adopted. Now, gentlemen, ol alternate good and ill, and which has conductedLet us, then, fellow-citizens and bretiiren,to you to abstain from any movement wtuch shalltnestioa Is Aofseatly asked, irs irll'simili sai Aatsheisa for oflady^rhe, npwards thirty year*, has aa-UrinclydevotedhertkasaadfslMliasaftilel^ lieian and Nurse, prinaipany amaag AiUna. ttthM-WabMMmuie of down a very ar-than the Ivotytypes made byJ. Gvanx * Sos, No. 707 Broadway.[A*VII IU.IU1IIII.1 DiFBTHEBiA, OK SOBE Tbboat—giving restlate the bowel*. Ia eeaseqaeaee ef thi* aftlele, Mn.ii lightened,men you will have In Afirtca fore, lUten to weigh becominga Inches thick, and 6 or 8 feet long, sharpened!fi-om theA noticeable fact in tne bastionettes to which wekerraas;cUldreaaadbkaher;fai wucfa banevfdeaee, wliieh terns from the white BUB aad aims at eo~inrmtlnF th«In the disease. subduingto Ustaiu I have done. We have met to assure theSouth we are their friends. We have met to presentto them, in the strongest form In our power, the as-anrance of otir continued action in their favor, and to most intelligent and influential men—that a re- agaii.st(1 atChambertbaTgh, 45. CoRH firmer; Old:coneert stieh measures as may lead to staying tlie pro-da war. OnSept. 8, 1647,he was madeBrevet-MajoraH akingbeen aaaodated, ia ear mind, vkh Iha "Taa- ""%remtityUMiifiablediecontent. 1 insist upon it callingfor his and meritorious conduct in the battle gallantPhiiadilvhia, Saturday,;Flour dull Superfine,;firm, at IVkc.if 18c.Nsw-0£Ut.l^8. Saturday, Dec. 15.sales to-day 18,500 bales, at 10c. formiddUng. Sboaesteady,at454c.a5i<c.forfairtoMoutsis 23c.«i24c. Fxiiobts—Cotton tolieving the South from the present position of affairs.inwtii to say, a iriio believes it a duty to sup- par^^prewaadoniuiaut Slavery, being in possession ofnations of the earth, and of the destirdes, which await us if we are only tme to ourselves.vis, Lieut. N. J. Hall—KcgliHent.Vr-in all ether minds, hatavarendearingpartycspeoiallyanmereoaCclasspraetieal knowledge, obtained ia a MOillmt m-ly li been oar own.surrender of Territories.sla\-^s and that great75. Wuiat; steady Red,however elevated, patrttte, to Mcaerve the Valdn. We beUere thiscomTMsauinoftwitviauals,record, KUi be of the least avail, unless the Sovthtm veuiile are satujttd that they represent thegieM objMt *?* ?. aecompUsaed. asd that harsaony may be re-eaieBUttMabrDIa.Stateeiusliy oomplaio, and to maintain theirrXELIKO OF THX:andpure iffail e"o"jowy~aeTMn"t _*'.*f'^!''u'"".?"'*?.*."*»'<"'= ""« existing excite-OASSBOH.the wife of an officerientiment. When the conscleuUous belief of llj!jlt..°*t!.'!f?!f^y!iJ!ffrThe following stationed at Fort Moultriepublictlie South can rest on tbe sincerity of our resolutions,•i.awat ia llie t'outhem States, we do nothesUate to1 have little lalth lu anything except:i will be lemembered far a ceutury eltvaltd seniimem. I have little faitn in a those who est /aslMy repre^ient the religious element probaUy publicTroopsand.iK tbe olMtncttTa poaldon lo wtilch they meeting in this great commercial City, or in auy- aieas fierce ss«v«r in their denunciations, leadingani by mutual confldeijce.byaccommodation are positively refused, andpalplt geovriUy— it ikiKiU generally be npou sucb subjectstuii.g1MiLLABuFiLLiioai, Hin. liasBSE and Riouasd Laibses, Esq., be appointtjd as«i.li cj pbination to our Bouthern brethren, iu reaard to•Uenl. Bnt tbe tmlim lias improTed upon its suenceI trarf^Hfltton nave already read, and millions morewill iMtf; Vteoiuboat tne North, tne sermon of Eer. pubhc sense, and that those wAo would not eve nave It is a misialie to iuMgine that the whole ilepubli- Mr ^3 DniTcapDlauae,] delivered on Sunday last, be.u made toleel^aiidmort wlMly, certainly, from the atutude in son are real and permanent The free States must heart animated by any tpirit hostile to the rights or', in all respects ouwt justly and unez- be bi ought up to the consideration of a great public menacing 10 the interests of the South. Anti-Siavety-iU*« u> leazB tbmonoat those Northern 8tstes Tiiey have no faith in addresses and resolutions tliat have wrought, in practice, the further injury of fut- as they may deem «x^pedlei>t.BmooKi.Yir Hxwa. MOKiALiiT.—There were 115 deaths in thislast week, classified as followsM; boyt, »: glrl^ 38; adulu, Ua cTta ott k Co.:sU iliiwlnsilon of men or parne*, in Church, have ever laid bay iheyhave ements combined in that wtuch has Republicanism'':Yeaiig Mechaaic,trlatoeoCTeninirown personal vices, toThe resolution was adopted, and the laeetiBg ad andnoone joumed.~ (Br.,) Hall. K-not because our pecuniary luterests have been touch-basis cf the principles on w hioh it was organized.: Ano that ite question ol the rights of the people ia theend of this Islaud ;and they dare the commanderCMlrtocnhwieUl*lASCoon.; AlajiBLrsSn•^a^i'SWS*^'ed, but It must lie in eviueuoe that it Is a returniugto interfere whileTtomthteoiieaof the United States is and ought M be left sua. In this weatklileiyttle forgtet1ting readyPresfigdhetntsiBxut-yus.jaiSe, tk polttie* or elsewhere, and placing himaeli noi invaded our domain. They have not interfered elected Mr. LmcoiN. We pledge ourselves to yen,Thatgard to the snlBclent gnarastee of those rights bjthe ex-in regard thereto ought to be authoritatively asd forev-»*I2rk^?SSfr£^ Aataitie, Livi;-a distinct and vote of the North upon the fullserve credit greatthough t'ley know wliat an unequal"ii tboqghoat all tbe North—the HolyfAindjrittT God. He showed that the peo-oatht uthey bat perfarmed their duties In slave. Instead of having been returned according to fiaternal relations established by it between you and 'wellasweattbeNartbln ours, lived the compact of tlic Cimstltution, has been run off into us.have not their sources in the feelings of tbe masses ofr ows mlnda and oar own moiala—to be the people, it Is useless to say tiiere is no serious gations—an injury to us as weiias toyou;Und Cbilatiaiis, loving and aSw- trouble. I believe that South Carolina willdoubts when brought before the judicial thatthey will,8u7^r|r~<1__ _^_Miu, and if we needs must take so far as the movement of her Convention can do it,I o( the faoltt and errors of other nations, on the 17th or 18th of this month, and events must evasions of a duty enjoined by the Constitution, andie Crebnjid of incendiary documents wheretherefore void.A movement has already been Boade in Termont—the most hopeless of the Uepublican States, to repeal=. V. -Antra* Bamu; Bte.klad no missionary daring enough to gomales, SI; let •t the heathen in far distant lands, and notus-;secede,transpire shortly after which will bring all Cotton States in association with her, and eventually every State w bich is a Slave State, and intends to continuetribunals of tJ^e country, he pronounced violations orFORTIFICATIONS IN CHARI.ESTON HABBOR.Description of Fort Moaltrle—Streafth of thecity women, ehildreo, 83;rtr «»n«ii~'» «« i>««ih«„» »iirf sianenoarown such, will together. This is as certain as tne her Personal Liberty bill, and the as we un- go,along Question,r tallDW-dtlzens. [Anilanse.] Thls,gentle- laws of gravity, and be is a blind man and mad man derstand, is yet undecided In the iiands of a Commit-were 20 deaths by fevers, 17 of which were scarlet; PreparatlaaBflsrDefence—Fort 17byconsumption; 9eachbymarasmusandInflam-SteunCodew, AMrich. PioTidcnee, Bark Transit, fof Broasviek. Me.,.ti {noiaUs sympton». It shows that who cannot see it. Ail that we can now do is totee. Massachusetts, It is believed, will repeal hers atCastle PlnckBey. From the Charleston Mercury.mation of the lungs. Seventv of those who died wereunderi ofyears agcThe deatlis occured inthe severalfitittf^tnefrntktlitrtlum mind to comet itsel/,get time to convince tbe Southern people that there is a re-and to act more kindly and /<Aialtably towards tbe people of the South.WdL gentlemen, tbere Is a power at 'Washingtonwho hasThe silent:;:irritating question,red lelser BBahleBbeek, SiojSba «experienced heavy N. W. and WT K. WTeSfmaintainedf^t^ff'*" I would not alter one word of it. [Applause.] who bad been bitten by Abolitionism will look on it nounced. The contest with the ultraism of the Re- tion theseyour rightsA am agaliitdteitDg of consUtntiona, either of the and be healed. [Great applause.] 1 will close as i publican Party, active and strong as it is, has notandtory service. Rev. Thokas E. TiunLTX preached inVakm or of Ite States, that were adopted in times begun. I did not intend to take part in this meeting. beenSehr.MarUa, Goldvaith, EUiabethpcrt, vltheidkr4kat tried man^ laala—at a time when the fathers of 4kls npAUe under tbe guidance of Almighty Provl-unaccompanied by personal§escribed in these columns.Sehr. Jnlia A. oysters.Decker, Chambers, Virginia 3 daAea State that ever existed. [Applause.] I believe conservative and beneficial as we believe it just,City Court,Saturday, the jury in the caseUnion Ferry Company, awarded Schr. 8. P. SimpamTB^^ViiSite adTTrntai:I nave no particular views but what I have often re-have been encounteredand without regard to political consequences to our-- 'part. They .^•Bdi ware laying the foaadatlons of the first great ing a public sentiment may be drawn ou*. If it be as selves. Weunhesitatingly,peated, and my hope is that by this respectable meet-unfinished conditionthe sand of the beach,piledupVeRDICI againstTHI USIOH FiBBT COVFANT.Scbr. John O,Scbr. A. B Brown. Brown,Sckr. Daniel SiMmoD^Snas, Vfa«£ia aWoL.that BMne wisdom presided over those events be, we may then properly represent it to our Southern tial to tne prosperity and the honor of tbe countryeasily accessible almost by a. single leap, andof vs. The Conelingof that contest I believe that every step B have departed from the fundamental laws *"'VtJKr waaamiaiake, aadthatif there beany er- nrsMnagK at thbHaw in our practice, political ortoo much trust inani^disgrace,fatal shock to the caase of free government tiirough-a maiveiousfrom on board one of the boats Company.to theput gislation ;mfetlngs, but if we wouldCongressor in le-change. FORTHOULTKIXbelonglhgFerrySchr.,square We must notmajesty upon the noblebay.lortnighthas workedpany for the value of two horses and a lost hack,Scbr. Conmierce, Daniels. Virginia S fls ujgleii. Schr.M.H. Bead,KeUey,Kew-BedfordVSr^perhapsthis Government gloriousjured.ABBI8T FOB BOBBEBT.—Theduty,may still go forward to the fruition that awaits it [Loud apuause.]and filled in withHiBAB KiTOBUii, Esq., expressed his genera] con-currence with the Chairman, and said that whatcleaningPrecinct, yesterday,lliiiaailils ~Tb Fatapaeo.Por«laad. SMfaOsa-others which we deem it[Applanse.! X wwdd be willing to add—•eiHMBtatias on tbe most sacred thingsbe wilUng to add n provision for the purpose oframovlBg dinmlas by way of carrying out andorecompletelyandexactlyexecutingthethingsthatareintt. Norw, we are told by the highest authority,hyttatwUchweareaililtnut willing to bow to— you under the most alarming circumstances In which distinocftltyheunderstoofdotuhratwworedspeankdwtittiaht fwulel knowl-;iJ-pounuertomac,tor BalUBOieI wouldGen. Six then the reportedquestionBark Gen. Oreea. tor Caideeas.On Soadar— 8«au Ship Kmiiirethey desired was, South should stand them untilneedless at this juncture to;they could right thewrongsunfinished, if we were uottoadd, thatcommitted for ex-that thepress on you.But we leave view we taiie should the;and some on one tbemonwealth, for LiTerpool ; Artfaor Child, te Baakafollowing ADDRXSS.out-werks on the southeast and southwestFiLLOw-CiTisiHSAirsBaiTHaxaorthiSocth has become our painful duty to address ourselves tomeet with as prompt and as deteruiined a resistance hereasitwouldfromyourselves. Wedesireittobepledge Seelantlon of Independence and the Constitution of ernment. In the fullness of our prosperity, our ourselves to such a resistance by ail the means whichuanchor off SoSBhtikp BrilUaDt.Mew-Ts^A^.strength and our credit, the Union, to which we oweit ail, is in imminent danger of becoming aprey to in-ternal dissension, sacrificing the great interests of thetatioB emtracin^—for the purpose of convincing those country, and forfeiting the high position It holds No party in power, under our system of Government,the United States were mode bf andfor tke free white fturmnion Tft* aUaWteif tkae UnUed States. [Ap- nlwue.] And I would add a provision to the Consti-^P8Asa,ManliBS.PriBceaaaBaBBeBaSAVANNAH. Dec 14.—aA^l sUp Mltaahmtt ,tnmUw eiTooL VNEW-0RLEAN8, Dec U.—AJh. ihix Xenlilar, Lir-irtio otherwise will not see—that prmciple, and thatamong the nations of the earth. To avert a calamitycan fail to be conservative, uo matter on what decla- rations the canvass mav have been conducted by itsFvamnua mom, m., forumi kx» SOTS,to be said off at an IHMIHSB SAoairioa By Ihe Ist of January,la view of tlie eondtiion of tbe times, we have eon- daded to dispose ef snr entire stock on hand at a verygreatsacrificeeathecost.SSTLIN, HUDSON * ••., No*. 290, 2»8 aad 260 Broadway.; erpooli;John Ssear, Havana:bcrki JaUa CiMw ttrso disgraceful to us as a free people, so disastrous toSouth. [Aiqilause.] I will not say precisely in what tbe common welfare, and so disheartening to Uie leading supporters. There is an under current ofap- thereisnoinhumanity,thereisnoselfishness, us,imdertheprotectionoftbeSovereignRuler Eeaavleforitsobjectadissolutionofthepoliticalbonds,ng each other at light angles—making squares of about 10 feet each. The purpose of the glacis, whichb nothing that men can find- fault with in of the Universe, to wealth and a power, byt~hei"^I^~iSasBiii. wliri irin Unm t» ttcltaM^ ^td tMra^ i& a pbysieal neaen at least can Catloarlah.'* (Anhnae.'i Why, If we establish tbeprog- down the rule that America was made for a ress unexampled in the history of the past—by1 race wdAisertea lor thc^white Cauoassian, Africa forall theis an ijicli-ed plane, is to expose an attackingto tbe fire of the guns—which are so placed as to sweep it irom tbe crest of the counterscarp to the edge of the beach. On the north side, all the wooden gun ca£e« liave been placed close together on the ramparts, apparently for the purpose of securing it against an escalade, but possibly as a screen for aceaitUatlea, Mi VMk K a*itstievetonaient Werecollections with which this as- aociatlon is hallowed, we conjure you to pause before the current of disunion shall acquire a force wliicbstadlel tbewhich we have ^-and health and; Is. moreorer, saie ts laga-nniitaMtHTi JYo^n cannot there- ihey^taod us and to with refuse, delib-II Ittiit the wrongs, which nave led ::> the existing alieuaiion jc-down,as to project about of the walls.believing.doB, if they can aBJoy and sustain self-government, tween ttia two sectionB of tlie with less magnitude. But when the very foundations ofwlthia a century or twoAnd if they are fit for free-should not make this appeal to you on an occasion of 3 feetIs now fright- fully prevalent. The regular practice utterly faileddo unnrTialted upon you by Abooamiabt «fAd'thelr ttteUorsi.0CTty.HwfllbawlMaknbaSof miUaiaof enUdit-ened Cbristian, civilized black men, in the full eqoy- duitng the last thirty-fire yemn. Our defairtittpn of ment We call on yo«, then.'as atethren and friends,these acta of hostility is not inferior to voor own. We take things as they exist, to deal with them as aa evil not to be eradicated by violence, but to be romedied bv a treatment which shall at the same time be con-tbe inside of this wooden outwork loose bricks haveaillt€ oViged to tuttam an «iU7«aZ conflict or deliver siderate and firm. We call on you as friends to de- your rights. It isBlarketakyTelegraph. CiHcinNATi, Saturday, Dec. IS.it*beaeflts,aadnaltelaealBagherkltaiad. BoaiaBa-fighting with you the battle (or forth to the freedom of their native region the black lay action until we can Induce tfiose through :whose the Constltutioh, "Ciat we have, by an unfortunate sleocs tnCUa their bordert. And thus, if Indeed it agency the evil has been brought upon us to listen to combination of causes, been overthrown—not finally be witbhi <tbe scheme of Almighty Providence, as the voices of reason and duty, ana to place your rela- and hopelessly (far from it)—but temporarily only, and with a remaining strength, which needs only to —future con- is it to abandonjustprovements, a large force—about 170 men—ar6 con-siaiitiv engaged. Additions are dally made to this FtouE dull at $4®$4 10. Whibkt declined to has disehargad daty saffMag **, lations and ours to tbe common prlvlleget> and benefitsof the Union on a footing of perfect equality; or,falling in this, unt^ vve can bring the majority of ouriwasl ll iillmn, mental and physicaL Gentlemen, I have fellow-citize^a [^ the NortU to coopferaie wi^a us, as UP wttn we are as eager as ever to renew tbe contest,brought 04 SO^OS 60. Miss Pusx In good demand attheae ftaatica seem to thlak, to elevate this black nee, that people will be elev^ed by their own instru- meBtaUty, and in a climate more congenial to theirbe concentrated to give us the victory in$14 50e$I4 61X. Green Meate higherWinslow's Sootfaloc Syrap. iTry it molka**. mx n»yf.—Ladiss' Visitor, Sett-Tori CHg.'^li not doubt they will, in the proper measures on grounds essentially your own,waanndtloefave us to car- aahjait, aod I always feel, when I speak upon U, tnat OX }^re»8. We do not despair of securing from tbobe ry it on in utter hopelessness for vour coop-iA few days ago Col. Gaxhsss, who, fof years, hadheld the post of Commandant, and whose courtesy Money market unchanged. Sight Exobahoi steady The following Is aa eztnet from a Mtar ailllia bralready Itqpt you too long. This, to be sure, is a great ^^and bearing had won the friendship of all who knew at 1 J, %^ cent premium.I mart either say altogether too little or weary the pa- tleiKe of those who may be obliged through courtesyto whose hands tlie reins of Govermnent are about to be intrusted, a recognition of your rigtitd In regarderation and aid. We caouot doubt the responsewas relieved in tbe command Ilosux him, by Maj.Baitimoei, Saturday, Dec. lb.Bev. C. Z. Weiser, to ths Vermsm ByWmad Jbaetacar,Peaa.A BKNKrACTXESa.Is a wamaahithapabUc er*.wha**aam*hadto thein theof opinion have already taken place among theiraction has commenced, which is not likely to bestayed—that errors and prejudices whichin the heat of ao. [Applause.] To stay the affirmative, final action the canvass were inaccessible to reason and per-of ihit jnat^flahle discontent untilwe have had an oppor- suasion, have been, on cool rtflection, renouncedtune of changing the existing state of things, and re- nay more, that many, whose opinions have undergone a manner altogether unw orthy of our rank aniong theconuidssion as Brevet 3d Lieut. 2dfugitive We knowequality changesfirfetArtillery, July;no change, are willing, in a praiseworthy spint of patriotism, to make on questions wiiich are not fun- damental in our system of Government, but merely-\umkDouslkdat,as It respects the central government accessory to our social condition, the concessionneceaeary to preserve the Union in its integrity, and to save us from the fatal alternative of dlemember- ment Into two or more empires, jealous of each other, and embittered by the remembrance of differences, which we had not the justice or the magnanimity to compoEe.thcralbre, the tppi^fment of a Committee to report materially to our strength in Congrees, wUere the paths mutt lie wide upartBB address and rMolations, and such other recommen- power to redress wrong and prevent abuse is most that becomes reasonable men, to break the dations as might l>e thought suited to the present needed. In tlus State, against five Democratic and force of so great a calamity, by parting in peace.Union members of the present Congress, elevenrrrWIIfTl powerwe may not be able to control that party in particular States, but within a very short period I sincerely be- lierewe shall be able, and I trust we shall satisfy the South ofby united at^n prevent its power of mischief in the interraL [Loud applause.]the Engineer corps. Assistant SurgeoninalenaletheHans tkeaeoaBan* —theaisTKane. Whetherv*shallhay*Kiaaaniri Bklan* or aot, te a«B**tlaa rtleh*BMt>* llHlllby timeaadprinciple,aadBsta*aBiatiar*ftHl*b ttUih, prejudice, aaprlee aad eaitem, may * wall baksnthat||ct,to hufl that party from power, and;crlsla.The motion was carried, and the Chair appointedmembers have been electea for the nextchanged.and in the other Northern States five members more have been gained, making a change of twenty-two votes in the House of Representatives, giving a decided majority in that body to the friends of the Union and the equal gins, Algernon S. Jarvls, Royal Phelps, Thomas W. rights of the South, rendering all hostile legislation—be dishonored that we have great interests witldnthe following CommitteeJobn A. Dtz, George E. Baldwin, Gerard Ilallock,Stork Board. PHiLAnaLPBLA, Saturday, Dec. 15.:and without—on Uie oceim, in our cilies and towns.In our w iuely ertf need internal improvements, in our —PhiladelphiaLet us enumerate briefly the grounds on which we repose our trust in a speeuy accommodation of the ei- isting disagreement between the North ana the South.are nr>t full, the two comprising, as we are infoTtned,only about scventv men, including the Band. A shorttime a;^o, two additional companies were expected,VIUILANCE IN THE FORT.While the worl^ing men are doing wonders on theoutside, the soldiers within are by no means idle.Field pieces have been placed in position upon thegreenwiihln tbe fort, and none of the expedients ofmilitary engineering have been neglected 10 make theposition as as possible, ft is said that the strongMoBiLi, Friday, Dec. 14. Cotton-Sales to-dav, 3,000 bales at Bi^SJc. forGob. Dix then restated the purpose of the meeting,which was, he ^ald, to see whether some measuremight not be devised to "arrest hasty and inconsid-«rate action in the South until we can consult togeth-er for a redress of their grievances." He moved, us throughout the North, we have In the detail added fest (which may God forbid I) that our futuresatisfiedthatwemustbeaten at the late election, it is our sincere t>elief tiiatwe are stronger on this question now than we havebeen at any previous time. We believe we are nearer either from the attack of a orTheyas' I believecuted, will exert his Influence to the abroga- procure;;teenth, Ninety-nine of tbose who died were natives of tbe Ijnlted States.—Ixix-ATKNVE Chcbch. The new Lee-avenueReformed Dutch Church, recently rebuilt, was for-bS^Si ds,. with coffee ta H. Deeoerk BUBai«. FerST^Zproperand wUl welcome back our Southern brethren to the wailing lor the Courts to pronounce them invalid,oftath« Senate of the United States, where tbe South feaainoBgvoice,andwiiere manyfromtheNorthcompromiseof the Uercwy fully posted in regard to events trans- piring around them, we present below an Interestiiigaccount of tiiese activethorities.30 ds,the. _il8nt Aitore, as it respects guarantees aod are welt enough. Our obnoxious State.iaws should be re- 8. Tbe conservative men of the North. Since theeagreat familypolitical,justly appreciatesexisting danger,filled UeBrig Caroline B.'*7 to sostalB and support her. And as to the plause.l Ovr Constitutional and Federal laws, will deny. Jrepeai,cabin, and tuTsoma dalEiB.the Federal au- It is proper, however, that tbe people of under them. Pre- Charleston should know that the Executive of the <atliiii»lnwivrntli'nzaitddonetetumtoouteon- oldentimessetupthebrazenserpent,tiiateveryone viousdlflerences ofopinionwerecheerfully re- Stateisfullycognizantofallthatisgoingonlarela-to the South, why let us, in God'sm. If BO other remedy can be had, sit down in a be set up and borne aloft as the great lawgiver of havewtoe:i.c.,toFLodlow, WJtaon G. Hunt Gustavus W. Smith, John impossible, and afibrding assurance that existing the great boon 01 our properilyl,et us no longercontent to enjoy it in common, divide what an eabv matior for an oiitsider,Island Railroad, 9H;M.JBarliiiiii, Thooas W. Clarke, James T. Soulier, wrong will be redressed. and what we8amL J. Tildcn,Benj. Nott, John L. O'Sullivan, JaUn In regard to the general result of the election we we possess on iLe one hand,McKeoit, Wm. B. Aqdnwail, C. A. Davis, Stewart do not hesitate to say that the conservative men other, and save the holrlreoprusbloifcc—itvihle wnaorblaensdt tthhee world Brown* havebeendefeatedbytneirowndivisionsratherthan hasseen—from degra-^b; Jobs MoKxOB then addressed the meeting. He by the votes of their opponents, asd that it is not a on the otlicr awlMiSvas satisfied previous to the election, from true criterion of the relative strength of parties. The U,can bdlly sayootlQld before tbe 4th oflfarch all the Cotton StateswouiFM>t} lot saU be, no force will be used to-wama'Se Sauui. [Applauie.] The first offensiveliroco and lady, S. Garrett,Cahn, K. eni'ue, R. Lewis, W. M. O'Brien, Mrs. Adolphus, MBrasj. C. Beck, and 139 in the steerage.lespon^Uily.'parttoperform.every night,with the citv, The wharf or landing is onMrs. T. D. Webster and Hoven,OoBn.let them zict asunder the desJgDation ofanother," which stipulations wt-re designed to be com- from all the openingsof courseto a cross fireR. II. and 2 servant.-. W. P.Dr.,..Is a.entime« t£twAaayand (-bttruct ilie execatiou of the act of Congre«d mak ing provJAion therefor, are an infraction of that instru- mttilt and ahoiilo be promptly nyruUd.lUaolved, That the Territories of the United States areobservation,mounted on the parapeteighteen and twenty-four pounders.Holmes, J. O. Kanftasn andMiss M.We have a minorowing to tbe want of any regular com- Loper, McCally. iofant. Wm. T.m ISS^lSy^'*'*^ aslnlaiaad-'•^''*;f;^^that in tbe event of Lis- was but an element in the contest slavery questionhaad, toshall not lum a deaf ear this appeal—I) 11grant youit stiall beT. IV. Adinsell, Hrs. A. Smithaodwhiitki law at Washington,oeia^'AiccMa, the Union was at an end. He was it would have proved uiterly inadequate to the result satisfied now tliat the Union had come to an end. had not the Uemocratie party been disoraanized by Within tbe next thirty days, South Carolina would go iU own dissensions. Eveii In the City of New York,a work of soiiiimasonry,ed. Justopenthedoorblow wHi;t<iitJvsQinmenceB>ent of civil war. [Ap-plau>6.] He recammendedd., on the ipMart of the Norith. pubik-ans. the canvass was placed distinctly on theis a large force of workmen-some one buiidred and fifty in all—busily employed inmiine, Htnry Kcrmotd, S. Juhnsou, HenryMcCor-• ^' '''^^'gland and ail ILf?"which all citizens are bouad to acquiesceand thatalthoughmpper. werM.°i lAppl»Bse.i uwithccapfideiiceservadve putf'ot the iNorth may be rallied success-the States wiib a view embarrass tjDarliog, wifcThos. Douglas,KUTB. NEW-YORK, Sold by dnggiata PBice only as oenta perearth tos-opoB,-(applaa»e]-and whether he dWlTas athe of shot and people thereof; thatthey supplies powder,Frl.rirrl >>-~;jr»J»Cadar^t..scourge mankind, iJecouuVjJ'th°S.'-tion to the year ^26, running through the tbe commno property ofof rif ht. and ouffht to be, open to the free immigra-reslpdrenetsenatrs one-jniwmwTdfcc.—WANTED.BTABMIt ~-sBCCcssfull,i^ta«aMl£SSSi ^STMtheor two watchmen, who have diaree.„^^.:or a ministerial one IfApplause.l I call none sucb ministers of theprohrbiicdarti- In from the Stated \"tre fthe rtlati.n of master and slavethe Ter-demagngneCospel, Our Southern brothers »-il| rea=^ncles of by confederation,cancot.duriujUntitled DocumenttTiv ji, „„ijl»f air, al ,.>i£ ibric forls,Wilson. Jno.H. Par-poUuS care very littlean ordmance adopted under thethe Intra of the si.:tfs from lentch Ihey eimgraied; that;with an overwhelming majority, one of the surestconservative Congress Districts was lost by runningthat we havereconciliation of existing differences, and a redress ofrirfenmtutoufaolurconfidence shall be re- existing wrongscu;stored, andtIohfelow on, as it proswpietrhitynoshaflulturresu'lmise its couise, must,A.two i-itndidates againat a single Republican.In the Congress Districts, carried by the Anti-Re- sensicns to disturb It, «ld m perpetually mcreasiog;gruuLaofsustairiing—_—ri—m—dp-leo-fpropertyinslaves dresswaspublishedintheCityofNew-York,review- judgedyourpatriotism,attributing to so iiappy auFBOsrxoTas.perfbrma preetely whatt* wttkthe recognition^c&mon Terrltorlei, and the tlie Ternioriefi. In the month of May last, an Ad-andathatwereaotdmeiha 4epteted(thhei' disastrous ing the controversy between the two great sections ofmountingLiberty liills,as wUeh'woiIld' foUbw to the Northern the country, in rt-yard lo the Territorial question,,,fitms,'ibeliere,ke«alA'ihoaneluaion,we are justand assuming as a busls of settlement, the loUowingRS8OLUTIONS:few of these are yet in position, and the work of C.adsden aid 2 children, D. P. Binglev, lady, infant and drugged into stopidtty, and lendwed dal and idiotic rcuunling pieces of this calibre in the cai>ements is servsnt,J. L. lulltr.J. P. Bryan, Henry Missroon.J.jagreatsoeBe,4ie:«Dd«f which no man canthe of the States in equal rightsthe guns and other Mte putting tnis great sii ategic point in order. The armament ol Fort Sum- terconsulsof140guns,maT,yofthembeingthefor-"itprotaaaaWhereas, The Constitution of the Doited States was IWiS'i'Cffi*,RepiimratiParty,whichhas totheTerritorieswithhisproperty,whetheritcon- pecpleofalltheStateswhichirer«eitnerpartiesc«its ofartillerystores,confistingteljt~ to man to forbear. I JL^erefore appeal everygrounds:1. A citizen of any State of the Union may emigrate designed to secure equal Ti^hLB and privileges to the Ilece6^aIlly a slow one. There is also a large amount Legare. Geo. Ccllyer, Peter HuKhes, H. Bartlett. D. ferlil*!aeea Mrs. Wlaslow-kaaw her aalyof her -Boothtag Byrap forship.2. So long as the Territorial condition exists, the;pu»*kty is to tell them what we reaCy believe, and relation of master and slave is not to be disturt>ed Dy lationa In regard lo the burrender of fugitive slave**,localFederal or legislation.^-fio*iJ??M^{2fS^.?'ii'.P°""'=al llf?and the p^- sion into the Union as a State, the inhabitants may, plied with by the act of Conj:re«8 making provision forthey dcjm best.«f K?"- ^X °"^<^*w foUowsa. H* awke at lengthrenni >• Slav^. In framing their Constitution, decide for thempelvt-s such surrtnder; andexposed on tiiat side.W. Lord. R.Swaffield,infants,IJndsay. W. BlschoJf.fO,'JKoehin,CoWr.nwell, James K. Wright, James Jtcder.,on, C. Ronrs, J. H. Nor- ton, J. D. Mesermer, P. Mesermer, C. B. Keith, Mrs. C, McfjomMck.a shall be entitled to admis- 3. Whenever Territorythe souUi side, aiid isCA8TLK PINCKKETDliey,Confdon lady,to thewhetiier it shall authorize or exclude Slavery.We stand on these grounds now. We believe theWlVhAt,rre,as.y, The ag.irtateeod. stuaite o,f thne c-o.uunntry, ariuu^og „oaut oOf difl.erencea..ocf.fo.poipnmi.o„n imn, regard to these pro- Tisions, dtmands that we t-hould dcelarc explicitly our senbe of the obligations arh-iug under them; thereforeRtsolvfd, That the delivery oi" fugitive slavci to thi^ir masters is an ob'igatlon enjoined by the Constitution, InS?e"uoS ^' -J-^l^fti Ch^e"' To' JSeVsJb?; sfde Jh^s^cl^.t«- in the waycan be adjusted on no other. Many who •ustied^d'ui the late canvass a candidate who did xuitaMC^ltlo tliem, (jlsa^reed with htm in opinion.^^ meA parflcnlarly ofthe City of New-York;It has neveras asar*-to follow the asacoobeoveisfa circular front. been considered of much consequencei fully on^ tbeforegong wopositions as a basis of aA-;of Oiem are the majoriStoyme oolum-•Kjorlalhoackm,MJr.sB.stNeuefrr.lLl.leF.iTs.heLr., Mrs. K. KE.. BEr.ooNkesa.frCi.UeC,. KeufriUe,VrooB, A. AndeiaoB. E. kaiUand, J. Goodrich and wife,tliat we believe the con- greatgoodall laws paPhcd by;Mrs. Beynolds and child, C. T. A. Davis, Missis oa tb. ontsido thr«whoot thao"twc shall reestablish tlie practi<* of Oi# Government from its organiza-bottle.ju«ti»ent.-Tl«<»rnt*>!j*TMwalls. Thereaxealso bllds" are, howevef, within thseheU. At tlieroNew-Tea.andforUesss, to the city would give it impor- proximity and From hasty,rnRTiakPFBBm-. None gaiulna aalaaa the bc-si-Ue of CUBTIBsuccessive AtlnufflsWOdns of Wasbisoton, the are, and tioD of oiiizens of all the Slates, with their families,is no at tbe post garrison;oiUyelderAdius,JsniwpBawtMasisos.Theterritory voUktckativerUthesubj,e-ctop..er .MlMKB.-West.H.B.Greenwood,Geo.LK. r», B. W. BnsfaneU, Miss Boshnell, AJ. J.C. Hcheoek, G. Bliss. MissF. Lorens. J. E.Halser.northwest of the 9U0.rtlpr, in which Slavery wasncnal minfrskip ^. iifht. Some thirty or forty day ^was an exceptional case. emigrantsL. Cowles, J. Chsnrtter, Miss A. L.Chas. Tallo.v, wife and c.uld MissThurston,W.II.^cvIscs.the other Territoriesfin:; a.lij;;;tei; wU'i flues when composing a par.ker. R. W. Woo<lhrid(;e,;system to its several parts ?Burae and idvsielaB, she has e^npoaaded aBsaMv. Photogr^ha lor a Holiday Present, could not get a Syrapfor children teethias. K epaatas Ukamagla—< the AdaditististlaB ofltr. MMnaaprocefs of tepar aMeu has oommenced. W» alreaiiyiibriutaIheLiJicm of the Stafes—and power--inay be .reserved and perpetuated a re-tliis wesltthe heads of tbe Government.U._ .that it can do lurlher than as an en- poUt!ciai!>, no chtubt iinievi of ttie ri.fpoiis;olll'.y t>TbatUon.yetiieiice of a public sentiment. The South.ire sure devolve on the PreMdeuticnunu UMsah.inJi«w4h>t was a great improTement. It Mtonid tiiat a ot the fidelity of the City of NeA-York. [Vp- Goveriimejit. 4iave rebounceu ultra opinions, and Couiii.itiie ti P'ocetdtothetouth, wiih a view to make Was ever suck a sacrifice (an intentional one) known? Baarlsea... liaiBanseu.. 4S(|1slieut.had cnterU lltr'*^g»od«intt theNoTtk. It shovred tbat those never swtrved wiih its great and mi^^ty putri- bta\elaw. In Boston the I'utun par^ uiumphea bymeikiMd to perdition in tbe next. I say the pulpit was it is nut lor any mere teiiiporury purpose—that it is be agreed on4u/»iition to ^tcoiuidtr tke '; it has pToclaiBi'Mt U)e<luty ot eiifurclng an efficient FugitiveThe Secretary has seiit several officers, at differenta.^OH WABia »ai» sax.tutjectplau^e.] it has been true at all timesII.1 T. . SandvBooknM Sev.Maad.U4*IB«a «•«•.and i: Is not believed that the ileputi- lican Fmiy can sustain itself lor a single year on thethat retumiiig cense and rea- can Party, or even the great bulk of it, is really atjudgment of the Supreme Court, In whose decis-supposeCBARAji and FuiTnioteiid the Southern Con- SecretaryaJl'Si"iistilj. Igaeiing all mete worldly pbiioaophy, ig- duty. The South have not offenaed us. We uaimot i>m has consliluied but one of the various political el-feoeration to l>e cemented with the blood of this brave The following amendment was also proposed by little garrison.Mr. CoMSTOcx, but was'"rejectediiiarmnch as differences of opinion exist In re-These names shall l>e handed dawn to the end of time.;ond resolution by Hiasa Ketchom, but was rejectedfeeimgsuade us from speaidng freelv and without conceal-in which its whole value consists—ma word, when reconcilia- 1. The late election, although it was adverse to tion shall become hopeless, and it snail be mani-;stood by you.During the angry cdnlenHtins of the last nine years,»2S1SOf Halt, New-York.to stand bypointed so laterallyBroadway, center of Murrar-street, eppoaUaof ehUdien have baea saved itemaaIs timely use, aad that mllUaa* yet aabacaMlriwafUdts, 1b it magnanimous—nay,Shoulders, 4Hc.S4?ic.; Sides, 6Hc.e*?ic.; Hams, eXc.®6Hc. Lard ia demand at 83ic., but holders are asking 9c.electexoHMl by Improber acts, oy acta of rio- uilo majority. But the South have seen that a tnajoiity of several thousand votes in the laie muni-,vlolent«gMebes,toafeeUiigat bostUit; to tbe the vote of the country Is overwhelming, and ren- cipai election, and the .AboiuluDiats have been ex- ttoD to maintain ihclr rights. meantime a crisis is very near. I am to go to Charles- .kadb-egwitoconsidertbrlrduty—badbeguaderstheCityolNew-\orltpowc-riess.sofarasitpelledbythepeoplefrommepuuiicballs,inwmchRrsolvtd,1batinctaeeitheroftbegentlemeDnamedtontbefirstoftbeweek.IwillnotgofurtherifleanMARINE.„j by no me^»os«ura7it..vasmuybeneeitud\.a manifestourdetermiaa-iTOlnme from whicli Ibey had Uken is an evidence ot the public sentiment oi the State ihey attempted to hold their ditorgauizhtg af^sembiies. in the foregoing resolution be unable to perform the help itKKW-YORK.^.SATUBDAT. Olemia*.Dee. «.•, and had begun to learn that it and City it will have its influence. But we must go in other cities of New-England the same reaction hasclear that a Southerner shoald furthfcr, and must repeal the etwoxlous laws on oar taken place. The theorists and politicians can neverservices for wlicll he is apooinUd, the Committee 00 the Address and Besolutiona be authorized to fill the va.;aucy.The lollowing amendment was offered to the sec-within a few days we bear—and from so many sources that we cannot doubt it—that the Cbarleston- lans are erecting two batteries, one jiut opposite us, at a little villaie, Mount Pleasant, uaA anotuer on tbe><i»Milrtliil in tkls world, and be necessarily con- statute book and the repeal miisi carry evidence that hold togeilier when nieasurts ui Guveriusieut are to ;finger uponhat wtiA Is tbe sbigle guide to Caiib and doc- with any interests i>ciox>ging tu hs as sovereign states. that whenever a fair opportuniy shall be presented of tension of the provisions of the Constitution, all doubt will think of sending troops. The soldiers liere de-I•IkB'jadgmentaBd&ndofteloasofthat great wtaleb ha reinwenti the doealnant sect jche- -When the last man is shot down, I presume theyTrnndyHnoSsr,But they read in our newspttpers that their slaves havebf en run off by an underground railroad, and they seeit set down In derision that one mora Southern mdl- large majority in nearly evt-ry Northern 8tato will vidual has been robbed of .his propertyy, it^ »ai ooateaaUe to the prc- tbe provinces ol Canada. They have determined 3. The Fugitive Slave law. Eight or nine States /God, aadof earthly morality as tiK to bear these things no longer; and it becomes hate passed laws calculated, if not designed, to em- ^ JlortB. (Applause.! Northern people to determine whether they will barrass the surrenaer of fugitive s'avea; wrong as t,saatleman, we have shown what? We permit this state qf things to go on, or whether these enactments are in principle and in purpose, they I nat Oie paitT which aace made itself they tcill make one tost grand ^'urt to see whether have been practlcaliv nugatory. We beUeve no fugi- fniBa and, (I grant finm pure motives,j this sentiment can be corrected. You caimot send tive from service or labor has been discharged under ^.aaxtltdiaiiged itstoa« ob fall consid- forth a strewn l>y any natural process that will any one of them. They are, uevenheiess, uttorly in- _imi»t aakyo«,ia there aot hope that we rise higher than a lountaln. The South know it. delensible as the index of unfriendly leeliug ; they—simple recognliion allyourcoustltdtlonai rights, a veryer set at rest stitutionbyanexplanatory anendment to the Con-number isgood spirits, and will fight Our com-ofoomiagtomassacre tliem, yetthey arein—one more be found to tbe Constitution and true to the trueOnResolit:d, Ihat the address and resolutions, inadditionnishing an example of inhdelity to oonstituaonal obli-Nor is it declared that the honest masses have been mislead and that the Fugitive Slave law must tie faithfully exe-the approachiig session of her Legislature.with which work is nowWards, as follows; Fifth,SFirst, 2; Sixth, 11Seoond, 13Third, Swill give to tills appeal. You cannotfail to sec that by liastiiy separating your-selves from us, you will deprive us ofthe cooperation needed to contend successfully 1, lij25J;Floub steady; OhioandCityMiUs,$4White, $1 25«»l White and Yellow 45c.«51c.$5;youAnd£B8oi*, of Kentucky. Maj. ANDiasoN received hisHoward-streetsuperfinethe ultraism which surrounds us, and may leave us witiioul power in a political organization embiied by the very act of separation, with a mere rancorousspiritofhostilitytoyou. Weconjurey^.a,war,Brevet-Captain for his successful conduct in the Flori-nominal. Copfss quiet at I3c.®14c. for firm at l7iWc.al8c.Kio. WhisktTherethen, lo unite withus tokee,** Qaack,'greatiw aad a l« aof ma tli vfflpreventRed. %\ -JOiStl 23tliat we have overrated our own ability to procuie a redress of existing wrongs, ortillery.Capt. J. G. FosTES and Lieut. G. W. S>V3SE, ofCotton lirm;If theevent shallfields and at our firtsldes which must not be incon-greatest vigilance IS observed in every regulation at this time, ano that the guns are regularly is noery night. It is very certoin thatanidngtrheess visitorlowngheorhea\7.;Morris Canal. 50 Pennsylvania Railroad. 35 X.isiderately and wantunlysacrificed,weif,cuandervaiuiug;;dation of financial discredit.esssfnl physlclaaandseen tbein thestquelcorrectly appreciated bring,_i - . .,it will be tne must cueering con-'..,,,.to survive and escape thegilfiag, """'"-gi(which may GodTulume and forcesolation of uur lives thati:^i^uc of the prev&iJing jjloom, we have neitticr mis-^.'J^/IJ^PTl'ereF. Mrs. Locliwooa ii.i,:k,B. Iirummond, Priest, Capt.and 4 thiloren. Miss Barry, H. WarrinKton, H'^oncUtri, Wm. Knight, C. S. N., K. Beach, Mr. Seton, MisiMrs. Mrs. P. T. Moore. K- H- E. Seton and servant, How,conimon countrymen to do you jtiKtice.Hoss,D:isbill, and 1 In the steerage. „ » « wkiek the babaiaGen. Diz alt>othereported followingmidable ten-inch40,000of tile country, mean to do sists of slaves or any other subjt^ct of personal owner- tormation or which ha\e subsequently thereto becomt powder, and a proportionate amount of thot and ham,CharlesH.West,Fredleadr,ivc,kRichards,W.Lowndes, WehareaevorI bf (BeateiJi seethe righ^. tJ pen them rests tbeMias Miss L. W. Phillips, W. J. Migrath. Broofcjleld.tha ehiWrenToethlBg." If wadestuymtmbeis of the Uoiunshell. TbeworkmenengagedheresleepintheF«t Miss MissM.Simmons,O.P.Oorman,thnmghpreparationinItperform, every part of it—aothiag kaa. Awaycarrying;»i^' Qseen. Hardy, Neri*. V. L, Thompson k^ females, 96 ; colored persons, 2. There ^StsM^^Boston, Cr«!ker, Fbllitrliitli allkafcawas vl.W^tt3nSil3S taiothe lus- of jMolino eel Key.$4 76®$5. Vbite,$128a»l35. Coaxaad Hambog.** Batitiaaai we desire to wrest her nassefkom all saah*question of The other officers are union from being precipitated by rash counsels and inproveof others to concede what is due totheyou, as members of a ConfederacyCaAwroan,fullydispositionwhich can be onlyStafl'.The force, under these eentlemen, consist of twoMobile, Saturday, Dec. IS.preserved by equal justice to allefforts of patriotism shall have proved unavailing, when tbe painful tmlh shall have forced Itself on the conviction that our common brotherhood can be noto-day 5,1009^.'S>0ic.longer maintained In the mutual confidence,middling; Sales of the week 19,000;Receipts, 24,765-Let us remember that we have puDUc obligations at home and -abroad, which for our good name must not—Chailsstoh, Friday, Dec. 14. _;let us do all9-l6d.'S19-32d.let us, when ail theCotton—Sales Companies of Artillery. The companies, howevcF, for middling. Market4rin.bales, atnor the of our willingnessMissL.Haversank,J.M.Taylorandwife.Miss yonr"Ooidlal,*'~Paregoric,""Drape.""Laadaaam."anilWhereaji, The ttaia insurumeot contained certain Rtipu-hadthapowae.wawoald a physical savior *f ths lBl»atBaacowe on tliehopes to get in, must make up his'* la- mumcaUonCaboose, M. H. L. Baldirin,as sheToevory mother whahaaehiidMa "««*i«*7"^per&cna held to service or bor in one State, niuivi the laws thereof, escaping intois,aty efthe raBeff under/?='• Fairbanks,_,^*J^^*^^iIj—John B. Les-ter, tieo. ntchell, James Smith, J. Tyman, John Bo- her1—In stea/hAhip ASlcaobttama, for Savannah Joseph Adamsand wife. Capt. and wife, Mrs. S. Roberts, W. S. Attaery. H L. P. Kinc. E. Maiaros, Wm. Meyer, Mrs. Casey, Mrs. Cosens. Miss S. J. Taylor, Mrs. 8. A. Saxton and two duldren, James S. Bart, B. D. Bailiff. M. Kolp.others,,»8,absolatriyLOW'S SOOTHING SYBUP.«hprJiin»c.iop/rltersf,bTyhaaltl twhe mpelaendgseioaaenasrlvea to aphold these efforts a power: loMek by allstoration of Ki soli, It. 011 the fc. BaoNSONpublcharinDDypropertbe commander has orders to hold and defend the fort.theH«.ubjects embraced in the aodress and re'olStioQS,I. . . 1 la. INTELUGEfroE.times, lo inspect here, as if that lielped. It is a mere th,y may deem n-cessary, snd to give such /ur»*er sham, to make beUeve he will do something. In theas acouiesre.ion,the law of theall land, goodcitixens are boaad tomotion, it wasmander he desperately.says never saw such a brave uttle band. Ito inpsicpnietform.feci dcqierate myself. Our My love to father and all.Yoor affectionateonly hopeWesterralt, AadersMBrAiitwMp, faaehS:is in God. Barki iSdlan BeUa. Tenaey. Mata"aa"M'. SHbeing published in the daily newspapers, be printedman* Co.; J. H. Adam*. (BrMrb^.)-Also, that a manoscript copy tbereofhe-presented to tbe authorities ot South Carolina, with the signatures attached.ISISTER. Bngei Brce,; John(Br..) aGarriaoB- Sumter andforwardtion of all enactments by tbe States. Tnat protection of the harhor of Ctiarlqston, is sofflething Thirteenth, 5; Fourteenth, 8; Fifteenth, 1 ;consideration willAaUyonlte and reaolve to protect the SoSh. Imean back to their duty as members of this Confederacy, it is the duty of the States to repeal them, wittinut at once new and extraordinary. To keep the readers t(enth, nongoadoption firmlymallyyesterday.conflicting 10eS.eventeenth,i andNine-felt that we had a stake in the issue not to less important than you. Believing the Union essen-by tbe themwindagainst the south walls, had rendered—In theontmi .'Ab jodgmenti that were pronounced -as brethren, and no longer be misunderstoocL Look the holding that its dissolution would not only overwhelm the empty guns were suffered togaze out in harmless4a what wan the fundamental laws at the danger fully and in tlie face.;us with but that it wold a calamity giveAthe plaintiff $1 ,250 damages. Plaintiff sued the Com- Schr. Two Brothora, WanTTlrKinla 1 «a!!!nSSSrinremainaunitedpeoplewe outtheworld,wehavemust say that however wrong we may have been, means to maintain It however much error we havesought by by carryingpracticable^Fi^'^r*"' ^^r of Bostoa, (Br„) Ticker^ Urea- pool Nov. 1.all out withJosephine Colyer,Provideneelda.,scrupulousmay committed, we have fidelity the compromises of the Constitution. Though or water of about 300 and a ofBzBious Accident.—BiCBABoHicket, whileRed1 for posterity by those who founded When we h^e done that we shall have done our a solution to than we have been. We fence, storming party by had one arm crashed and was otherwise severely in-political equals.streets.Hook,wascaught in the machlaerr andthat had beenbycommitted.money, The accused wPaecsk-slip ferry-boats, Bilesia, (Br..) for Liverpool ; Beriia, for"':ItBy"stBeOamSeTrOBNe,seDnee.. U.—Bdov, barbkeaeBeaifeear. ta taw «rsatisfactory youbeUeve it is certaih to be accomplsshed, unless it isregular approaches. The outer and inner w^s are ofdefeated action on by precipitatebrick, capj«dstone,eurto,'These are a lew of the grounds on which we relyfor an of dlflerences. There are adjustment existingwork now In consists in the sandGxoisx HimT on theCharlestonnoke, for Norfolk, ke.: MontieeUi>,ti>rof tbeany violation of your coustitutionBl rights by the in-comingAdministration,ifit wereattempted,would inwhich howitzerSaturday night. aminaUon.m<nrbenecessarytomalteit elective. Butweare satiefied ne such danger is to be feared. It cannot, in the nature of things, be an ultra Administration.Hamptaa Bsa^ Mtt- shipsAsa,Manlias.PilBceaaaadBaeii) Tlita.altkaliofthe country ate only running rashly into e:ttremc8.which have so long, and 1:0 happily for us all, united us to each other. They have given us honor, wealth and power, if occasional dlflerences have disturbed the general harmony, they have been speedily adjust- ed with fresh accessions of benefit to the common welfare. Mo nation has had E0« uninterrupted a ca- reer of prosperity. To what are we to attribute it but to the well-adjusted organization of our politicalWe do not call onto aid us in upholding it on these considerations alone. There are others of a more personal na- ture—not addressing themselves to you as com- munities of men merely, but as individuals like our- selves, bound to us by ties of reciprocal obligations, which we call on you in all candor to respect. Wetemporarilyconfided, fromFtantially built of plank, and turf. Theglacisisalsofinished. Itisscpormepaods^WSloWfsand, and covered with layers of loam and turf, all of wiileh is kept firmly in place by the addition of secttons of planknailedtouprightssunkintbesand,andcross-;againwide, Iat the point,Wilnslow Is bwitmlagwerld-reaewaed a* aliBiffb*tai sfoperations offorts, and that their honor and defence Is the defences of Fort Moultrie tiave remained in antosacrifices on our safe in Us keeping. Until late In the past Summer,tbe afternoon, and the pastor, Rev. JohhMcHoliixs,reached in the evening. The new church has been Boston.;Ferris. Decker, iniginia Sda.,«9i Yirsida tds- vkh twithmaking a solid wall 15 or 16 feet in thickness. Theprogress from the walls of the fortarrestedcharge of having robbed Thokas Gauutt of a watchtiie en- closing up the postern gates in the east and west walls, ana, instead, cutting sally-ports, which lead into strongditchingtire circumference, and erecting a glacisangles, guna will be placed, enabling the garrison to sweep the diteh on three sides with grape and canister. The northwest angle of tbe fort has also been strengthened by a bastioa- ette, to sustain the weight of a heavy gun which will command the main street of the Isiuid. The main entrance has also been better secured, and a trap-door, two feet square, cut in the door for 'Tgrrimnail egress* At this time, t^e height of the wall, fromthe bottom of tbe ditch to tbe top of the parapet, is 20 feet The ditch is from 12 to 15 feet wide at the base, and li feet deep. The nature of the soil would not seem to ad- mit of this depth being increased, qulck-auid having beta reached in many places. The southforLiTerpoeLpreparedandJasiu.Mr. E. Coopxa moved that tbe resolution to call apublic meeting at an early day tie referred to the Com-mittee on Address and Besolutiaiis, with power totake such action in relation thereto asd to any ether sengers, sent on by the aathorities. matters pertinent to the proceedings of Oils meotiagB. Dibble ft Co.; H.'NmrdI, oiPeters ; Klvira, Allea, Bt. ThoiF. ElBiore, Bmith, Baltimoie, Menill It Abbott' mBoutDed,. Hardy, BoMm, J. W.M^a*it aroimdThosein clearing the ramparts of turl and earth, for mere suitable or finely finished style of portraltoreand nailedhave above alluded is the haste in which one of them has been built. The one completed is formed of solidhorizontallytopeertaialynumber, and the work of putting the post in tbe best possible condition for defence, is carried on with »A- mo6t incredible vigor.TBE OABBISON.I4c. HooB firmer and not many in the market ; good ear (opinion. antU (he has givea it the baaelt af Ite.lUiwk August, 183t^,mind towith all ihethceauatliloiens, arceeremony and circtuhieoiocutionwith wliicii adv;iiicing upon o: the Celestial Empire.FORT HUlfTER,octagonal in form, piercedinfluences wlilch are at work to about a on the norili, ea>t and west sides with a double row aaughier,W. H. J. M. Da-of portholes (or the heaviest guns, and on the south or land side, in addition to openings for ?uus, loop- holed for musketry, 8tano> in the middle of tne har- bor, on the edge of the ship-channel, and is said to be bombnroof. it is at pref,ent without any regularprove t<,<ay.Ni|'V'^"'l''l°^'i\ipS'^rtendsTn?'^me^W-MwBBm.bW.I~L^- otcalled castle presentsitstance, if properly armed garrisoned.we find that there are about fifteen gunabubor employ- "i reuairine the cislcms and putting the plaue gener-sowas General in the Black acting inspector-loetl 20;and receired tlie rank ofPaovisioss dull andof tbe lanoreie areWm-A-^SfSs^'^r-ssatr-rss 'rod7s^|i«g«fe^,£S«?«ssaiigaaMIettjrVAa Attack aa Fart Maaltrterearess of the witngs ot which the THB OHAXUtROHUlia BXBCTUO IfimnittlFourth, 2Seventh, 7;Eighth, -morningperformedthe dedica-Bchr. B. Morton, Campbell, CUaeoteigBe 4 da, via corn to B. N. Fox.are toMoSucSIo. sS2r ibitBerrj,Ships Invincible, Hevbam.ion JiCo.;Mere Betaraed PaMaeagera.The ateainship Jfarion, which arrived on Sat- urday from Charlastoa, brought home 11 steerage pas-;Twelfth,sonoE300,000 WOBIH of wanaa tuTHsns,NORFOLK. Dee. U.—Arr. InUoUoway^s arement are the only sure remedies. They dailyoftheBoethJagSyrapare»ailt*eldiaia*iih*w. Via- thiak Mrs, mask)* has Imaaertslteed hsr mtm by tUtbeefl Both bastionettes are armed with a HxBBnc'8 Patent OhamiiioB Flre-Propf Safes, iBvalnabl* article, aad we dnserelybeBartttaaMBladullCapt. T. Setmock, Lieut. T. I'albot, Lieut. J. C. Da- dull, at e4c.e65. Rio Corixs, 12c.ai3Xc. Wtrisar aadS. W.of theMedicalfair. Havre, IXc.ailaimltthatCapt.all ui the First;:but they have not comestated that tbere will be, for the present at least, no reinforcement of the garrison.bales bales same time last year, a de. against 44,670crease of 89,485 bales to date. Exports, 16,250 bales Slock in port, 150,000 bales. Faiiairrs—Cotton to Liv-tor If there isreallya vaat, tkanvB alw-;themaelTes,be a rapidy-4t eoana.BNatareandhBmaaaeeiatyar* dvajamVap- plying, and thoaghJtrt aadFaahieamayklader.fter aanaat preveat.Mrs. Winsknr dee* not vaat t* treat yoaeamaaa; Kor dots she want te preeeribaa regimaafi* yearand It is now positivelyerpoolCotton Sales to-day, 1,400 bales. Market un-Stocksshotted ev- Reailing Railroad, 16J«ia the aradl*. b anything improper In Uait A aurso af "teaapproach Capital;Eighteenth:Men, 12 ; ;K withm*p.«|Sight Exchange on New-York ll(<a2 t« cent, pre-mium. axperieaoe^_^__^^^_^^^_^_ Faeseagera Sailed.Die. IS.—/* steamship City of Washington,for Liver- pocl—Mit. Cranmore. Miss Isabella Mackay, Krs. Dono- hue aiid child, II. HoLghton, A. Smith, J. M. Hill, C.Knight, Marshall,A. Hennebert, J. Gilroy, T. R. Weston, D.for her. aad "Vitcheli, Atkiason, Murphy, Buras,Fkireaoejery. Of this we are sura that w* win*Jti ftcarrt,i!hip Roanoke, J'jr Norfolk, 4-r.lat teethlBg siege. We eeafirm oraiy watd aat krtk te tt*Columbiade," which throw eithershot or Shell, aiid which have a fearful raiigc. Only a 111 slcannhip Columbia, for Charleilmi—Hn.a. r. aad every other "Hawotte," byof about »b. of U.XevI, H. A. Torfey and J. I.ongmier, B. C. Don-.i.B. I'lm. J.llanfcrih.J.make her,Expected.is111 Chop.R. I.. Bnnvalot. L. C'rozier,;Dec. IS. WheatGill, lady, 3 and J. P.Sinai, with white and ball,asseaiationmay have af wamanly deUaaeywives ;fbnt nwdeatly appear* Long andhapplaeastoyonriBfaDtsa *f meaaenger1;Bavaani^MeCnadr,M;aad,as a resait ot tUieBsit aat- wmiC'. a—SS^- ^Keller. BBan, Cadis]Her. 11,1 Swmk^KxpeSjDoedhsher t* her Bttkthere be a"aalBag,"tkesa «B hakwhat ia or Is aat goad tola babe-and ought to be Bstaaedtc Owl apasd bar, aa her homhls but happy mlssioa. She la the mt^ na-maat eSaataal little one ever enjoyed-*er doting i"the American"A BLXBSiaa oH Mia. isiiaa^—4br 1_._of theoomplalBU laaideBtdo notletyoor own pr*idloaa..r"aaHmaly ^asabyvBk ' loral iegislat...rifory can only dispose of tli'I*w.hichweremeantlobe,and Chas.,Blown,(S-sTafcry li con-'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 