 *dM».|•»•»«isc seed taw act, they went, by t te order of themesasnothing,orstleastwasthemereresultofanger:rtr *«ubsaawi-:re..r.r'si.aasm.yrw. ?hecLitlia anexempla.!i fthepr.E-:pa a'thairoftheUtemas-sa.;i. ror N.ir«'k-ot ha.- seut him the f.raud Cordou of the delay hif movements for six months." Methinks i*. would thought to be we!! iuorme.1 on di >loma'..> subj-cis, asl^g.uc of Honor as a reward for htto prompt action. 1 be worth a Jew's eye to see Gariru di's^ sipiii a- lie rea is serts that Austria, Russia md Priivsn have DOttfed the the following yeart as wcl as jrunaimg second torlaink that tb»- Emir wili, ere th • affairs of Syria are set the pet lion Catch a weasel n-!eep ibid tieklc his oar French govern ment that they have conchmed not to altow the Ceasariwitcii stakes Stilij. tbe great oi-^ctlehanon tribes a reasen for dissuau.ing ) rauoe and f-'og- land horn making their appearance in ?yria. exact ing a heavy veng«tu.ce f o ' what h a s ' been done, and laknv precautkns against a repetition of tbe crime. Tht-se massacres hav'e been abeve every- thing periiUious and crutl There may be those•ATE OFTHESG3I B«toalonglistof•••••,—-—orfortune,exceptthatthey ofafootballbeneaththeirfeet.;Asifemblematicoftbe(set,fixuponIncommonpnilttBSStthePrincecouldnot,lishsadAmericanflags.• ••t-f to J_^tV*» fie American MisaioM andAbaadtmed.634• 0 6years,«st, 71b * 0Bebmo—2 to oae against Horror. 6 to 2 against Starke 7 to 2 against Butterfly, 8 tol against Sweetsance Batter' Mywas firstoff. bat on passing tbe stand Zouave took up tbe running, with Oustave, optrmtet, and Highwayman next, Sweetoauce aad Starke being tbe tost two. On ap prcaching the turn oat of tbe straight Starke went throughbeen Hud by or overthrown, except the laying ea of taxes Stood gazing on from tbe window, watching that ioacruand voting money. The bankruptcy bill to laid by, not to table little eye of Vapoleon's, aa it sparkled in gleefulbe resuscitated; tine paper repeat was lost in the Lords, interest over the child's sport, asked our»<?Ire« how long tbeFrenchtmtyhasseenawnfolfailure,sadonlygo:Intocharmingpictureoftbe1tooandthelambwouldofGermanpolicy,suchastheorganizationoftbefedeGteta,nearNaples,whereshewiskeptinduranceTheyhadscarcelytravelledahundredyards,however, through by piecemeal. Ltrd !*lniefs*ou ie a trimmer: tost, and what was its real significance as an onen of tbe ralaray and the revisal of the He*.-:ian constitution, shi that showed the almighty Yankde in his stronger when Zouave bore hto colors hi the van, and BOOB putssiiee o< '.arisssdi.true features I see s o wsaenw to uphold such a rottenthe mere fact of the meeting between the Emperor aad the Prince tbere to not the least sign of a change in Prus sian policy .while Austria, on the contrary, appears to have abandoned her system of immutability. and to be approxi- mating, though with slow and hesitating steps, to lb e constitutional rrgrstt ex stiag here since the revolution of 1S4S The Prince Regtat left tbe castle of Stolaenfeto yes terday, accompanied b y bis thief equerry, General Alven steben, and hto private secretary, M. Iltoire, and proceed ed via Franktort aad Dresdaa to Toplitz. where he wil) bebeen received *by the Ministry! and dined by Ca- vour, who soft sawders them; vbut up to the present time they bave bad no interview with the King, as soon as tbe Neapolitans arrived Victor Emanuel was seized with a bunting fever, and baa been on thej move ever since. It to thought that he to making game] of the Neapolitans. Poor fellows, tbey are catchtog at straws. He can make ao treaty with Naples It would be Worse than the peace Of Villafranca. |[From the London Times, July 26 1According to the toat news from Syria, tbe Druses aad Maronites bave come to an agreement, which ta dignihedby the name of a treaty of peace. In other words, the murderers o f ZahleL s a d Damascus, frightened b y t b e appearance of i.uropean vessels on the coast, aad con- scious that their deeds would bring on them a speedy vengeance from the Christian aat ions, bave refrained for the present from the extermination of their opponents, and are willing that their own crimes should be forgot tea. Such a conclusion of this htotory would, no doubt,THE NEW YORK HERALD.WHOLE NO. 8738EUWJPEAM<«,*,« •AW»*- '^K^>N«lHB|yLoi4f»FeVria* l«f lin UM »•••*-f*.MORNING EDITION-SATCRDAY, AUGUST 11, 1860.TBE SICILIAN REVOI^TION.iBtria. KBWI aid Prussia to Interfere i t Behalf o; Sapl«.captivity." Oweasambitiousassayofthemstilllives. yoursidetheAtlantic,htoyoung heartmaynotbesorry In Parliamentary afQurs the nation's ksswawst gets along to read ibis light record of those lest responsible days. slowly. Nearly all the great meswires ef taw session have Fortan tt hoc olim memimine nevaUt. Many of us whostanding with her neighbor. Whether it wdl net eventu- captured the second day out, off tbe plead of Elba, OBherally lead to ooBsequeBces which will more than in route to Cagliari You see that, being bound to a portdemnify Austria for the momentary humiliati* she within thto kingdom, aad captured |n Sardinian waters.submits to to quite another a'dair ir. ia the capture was clearly ibegal. Sol the Neapolitan go his horse and foroed the pace because hto stable eomtantaa return for her compliance with the demands of the Prus- vernmeot gave her pp Optimtot was incapable of aeoomphshmg the task, and sian government, in reference to a few subordinate points Tbere was aa incident 00 beard the Charles &Jane a lying second sad third were Gustsve and Sweetsance.:U.«««. V *»»i»». a *>ihafdBoa« -•.•-•.. - grmr&stee* for the TJ'trJL these paarmii-tin, K.:ngB* *« * »r* *IweB|i • : r d n , e e H n t Ha g B " i :Itl, 1-...tref! in ler tbecc''ectiTc ; ritectoraie of the • c : C P U F o w e r s . I t i s o n t a s g r o u n 4 t h a t ,c^uviuciag proofs of tue gigantic capacity of Louis Napo- he. dtocovereu the interesting fact tljiat a BnyshUe for hian. liiis h«)rse ba1pa, NYte ,nv*ow HamWncbinaf*.1 ».Jxr "ia*dm•m QIKCS •B).JT, iTTcek. rt, Lewtf.wi Ltg t: »• at.swer of th.> ~ itar reUttvojto h.s aiheetOL iEfs» . , cTeut:''u, iM:8«<t.atioae arc fping continuedW*c. U.'- gr»al PowersThe cotiseiii 01 Uie Port)-1 ha^-HttJength been granted to tii' mterventioti of France in ByTur^-Hpredictei, in a letter ma.jet; yesterday .that such would he the case, well knowing that with the Sultan of Turkey the iuii;i0nce of France was more than a match for that 01 England. To- morrow 6,000 French troops sail for Beyrout The vee- seifc Donawertli aad tbe Alexandre 'French men of war) nave arrived at Beyrout from Naples.l»«Ma*V».arena,Uo ml. Ui-•of*- dtferreil maketb the heart siek The friends of *7 ZLCire-loin hare b«en so tanhuised by hopes aafed ard expeciattoas held back t a i l t h e suspenseWe are here in the midst of great events—to be greater, it may be in their ultimate consequences. Do not attri-BMSI: 'Ttie hero of Maoedon found the reward of his am-dtrpetum by Cbrtotton bayonets. All the American mis1Cavour,thetotterissmaaiteitthatthefutcredesti- sionariesareabontreturninghome,asmightbeexpected. aadtowthattheretoaaostensiblecanueeveryavailable^ we Qegotsumns betwsea the Neapolitan Envoys andd«rabSerumofstoasy. Kossuthsatsffsalarrived.The- Amer can masasn sutioas are all aoshdoosd in theMtrnvmTon. LordPalaieraton'sorgan,didnot hesitate ticninimportanttype,headed "CorrespondenceParticu-tccts nave r-eea psrpetraieU at Aleppo, 1 ranr, te wm :o ASA. It has again beenTwenty five thousand men are in readiness to embark.Five thousand will tall at once, sad the remainderas they may be needed. England will send ships. Some intimation of this we have had before by tele accouchement ef her dautl.tsr-in-law. who was safely de The Goodwood races in England have thto year pot What the meaning of a treaty of peace between DrusesMae soldiers took part in thehverso oi a girl at ten minutes psst eight A. M.tested a more than usual degree of ifiterest to the lovers and Maronites may be w e cannot pretend to understand;of turf sports hi thto country, in consequence or tbe num- but this, at least, may be said, tbat it c m give no se- curity t.j Syria, and ought not for a moment to check tbeany j.mfjf isdessnity was not medtloned. After you will see by your files of Engtish journals All thisTbe fa pitor baa remitted the Cross of the Legion of France and even in these utbern parts of Germany, where, held previous t« the races, as evidenced by their position these tribes. Tbe scene of the first massacres in the Honor to Abdel Kader, In acknowledgement of hto exer- for insiasco, it was so cold at Vienna that snow fell in tbe Lebanon, the villages at the f xn of Hermon, is but a tionsinti0Christiancause begiuningoftbepresentmonth. Inconsequenceoftbe intbebettingmarket. Wethereforegiveasynopataof smallpartoftheregionwhichtenowinaflame.NoGreat Britain. Belgium— he gulgbt be tees OB the bum below, saunteringTfc«re«roald be moneBoltedttelteanark,ofi«a Asstra aad Turkeyninemilitarynation*.Buitheretothatfomud*bk>Rus- tbePrinceofWsles,whotonowestrotetotheCmtedete bear, the French fox, the Italian greybouad (Victor • t e s t of America, t a d whets the President, that "goodSnasael). the Spsntoc wolf, end perhapstome other peorte, tte^robably Bathing, antes tt jjtet be • suocess- friend" or Victoria, to preparing to receive, like the returntunetostandupon etiquette, andthatby port TheKing,althoughhecould gtvehim moneyand waiting,likeMr.Macawber,forttttefhlrgtoturnup, munitioBSofwar,didsotdarelethimhavetheuseofhto r^^^t^^ 2r^2_»Here w e M good as eight oraboutwithayowah tome thirteen yeartofage. Itwas^ »n«treat»ap- vessels or flag taste the teas, for fear of bringtogdown port conceded trraorror, wbo, when tbeflawdrortied7 t.«i«fui rehelkam s» Veaetla and in Hungary As opportunities of the prodigal, George the Third, coming to sing neccari in the nsrtsc of bisgretagrandaon. What a change has place Date the lapse of those five yean. W ho atsf America then? Itwas England aadFrance who, unitedliketheSiamesetwine,weretoboldtheworldastide of bfe UhiattteBtiBBkkdemon, ambition. What said woisey to htofaithful secretary "Cromwell, I charge thee Smg the Emperor and bis young visitor, OBthe occaston Iaway ambition. By that sia fell the angels.' speak of. bad a cricket ball, which a s the former sportive-Why did not Cromwell's great namesake heedtaeadvieet He bad so need of tt. He was a patriot, and ly Slung m the air the latter caught and tossed back again.asuccessfulone. Apowerfulmodernwriter—(Dr.James NowItwouldbeNapoleonwhomissedtbecatch,BOWthe Johnson >—sums tt all up thus as the career of aetbitioa-i youthful Prince; then hurling it aloft again, aadlaughing till their breath w a s spent. They bitw tu die Grsamas, i>ser in the flesate, ataaey on the gaml)oltod over the green sward like tw o recreant schoolYou have learned k n g t.noe thai oae American shipeven ifhe badbeea inclined—which was not the case- was captured bythe Neapolitans—the Charles It Jane. refuse a request couched in terms of such urgent entreaty, Tbe capture a a t te clearly Illegal that the grverameatCooat F . d e Lagrange's Zouave (bred in France), years, 8st TieMr. B. ten Broeckt Starke, 6 rears, 8 at. 7 lbW.Townetoj'SBntt8Tny,tyter8,7 st 31bMr. Oapel'a Higbwayaaan, 4 yean, 8 st. l i b te 31d,f, 1 rre A *»tol>• ash!J.aUI id A'•«t»aa boast-too,.for eigneJ a de- dent that the French government wil! not neglect to a', f.r/f : the principal inhabitants, b the Emperor Nspoeon for the constraint laid upon him. make "pol'tica! capital" of an event so well calculatedIt will be seen from this statement that the interview is a * the result of concessions made oy Prussia to Aus- tria; b a t that, OBthe contrary, to involves a moral defeatICT1VEWTERVEXTWWOFFRAVCE. scaffold, Sweden's mad monarch tevchad toe goalofhi-s boys. Should this notice of the circumstance perchancear.tution st Pulaowa, Woisey in dtogrmce, Napoleon in fall under the eye ef England's heir apparent while on her principles, to tbe necessity of coming to an under- run them across to Sicily. Tbe Charles & Jane washe seta ha sails lor those gates that will blow him into future? Some even then saw, to use the Engl! h Minis- can prevail ansa thto country to support ber in questions oc«« and keep him to. The Tory party and conservatives ter's present ominous language, " the horizon charged of European interest, she w i l evidently have had the best led by Derby and l>sraeh. save been going down with clouds:' sad if the majority were sang-nr.e enough to of the bargain; and as it to notorious that in tbe "keencolors. When the vessel was towed into the an interval of a dozen lengths between himself and bit harbor tbe Neapolitan officials thronged along pursuers Guttave going on second: Starke, High wayman,THE G O O D W O O D CUP. h:l'. and only shown their pluck by opposing the hope all things, the curtain is now withdrawn from their encounter of their wits" the Prussian diplomatists haveside exultingly to board the prise, whea Watson, the chief mate, w h o commanded ( t h e captam having gone to Cagliari by-steamer), took bto stand at tbe gang- way with a revolver to each hand, aad swore In the best Italian be could muster that be would ahoot the first man that mounted the side that prisoner though he was. bto ship was American soil, and he would allow uobody but hto consul to board her; and aebody did board her.Horror and Optimist lytrg up at hto beeto. and Butterfly drop|»ing into tbe extreme rear. As tbey Beared tbe clamp Gsstave separated himself from the ruck by aa interval of about a couple of lengths, and Zouave's toad began to diminish Horror was, however, at the side of G-istave on rounding tbe turn, but did not keep that position long, dropping behind Starke, wbo BOOB passed Guttave, Beaded Zouave, aad ba a few strides took up the running,iff.ib ml their business. but in reality to seek the friendship and good will of those Tbe massacre to flyria to going to be avenged by a Bri wbo inhabit the possessions of his ancestors. **B'oo>t to : :h ficci and a French buul force. Turkey has not yet thicker than water," says the proverb; and England, a?irrt sit e*enaf from Boston, enables us;to fernash ds- Huttan.ars all implicated and guilty of being aciessories Eit»pexpHua: May the kindred nations of great Anericaaloof, and from which she wesdd hardly be able to emergeunscathed. At any rate a good deal of anxiety to manifestedAmerica. Ac ,by' the public on the subject or thto interview. On tbe Although he was under the guns of the fortress no Neapo- attended by Zouave and Guttave, the.others, with the•x.,%t reetfuon of the Europe s msjto, iibsch arrtred nation, Horn the Moslem soldiers clear ap to Pasnas and United States to a proof that she will not look in vain.,jofEuropeaamtallifeacetothe28thoH.-—aosording to ad. mss reoeiTed at Genoa the less of the .u tw.J.aiis at MesasTO was V&Q. The mssoritsas hadboth lffore sad after the Sact. That to why the Sultan hesitates. Toemvestigatkm that mustfollowwiiidis cU«e something to atterrj hollow, ssch a whitot sep;! cc re in ev«ry tbiag coaaectad with Turkish faith, Turkish honesty. Turkish h iraani.j and Turkish aaaace, that wellsad Great Britain henceforth have no other rivalry than that of who shall be greatest in upholding the dignity, the renown and the moral worth, of the great Anglo Soxou familycontrol he exercised over the passenger volunteer-. that ODWatson's return here from Gaetajhe was offered a post in the Sicilian navy, which, he accepted.You have heard tbat the government of Naples, at the instance o f Louis Napoleon, has sent two ambassadors t osauce cantered away from hto opponents without an ef- fort, and won by ten lengths. Guttave finished twot* ajoeded to the ptopeeittoa to have the French step ia and Bhe sees the day of peril lowering over her coast, cists put a step to the murders. The fact is the satire Turkish ber eye towards tbose who are '- '-one or iter bone:" andone band, they are willing to hope that theunion of the German governments will .offer additionalpledgee of peace by opposing an insuperable barrier totbe ambitious designs of France, on tbe other, it to fearedthat tbe prospect ef Prussian assistance will encourageFrancis Joseph u» enpage us s crusade for tbe restorationof • legitimacy,' from which he has only been withheldhitherto by coBMious w u i k i t e . a u i these apprehensionsarc confirmed by the jubilant tor- o' tbe Kr-ns ZeOtmg,litan ever pnt his foot upon the decs;, sad Watson left tbe exception of Butterfly and Optimist, wbo were m theplace without allowing even bis papers to be examined. rear, going on tide by side. Horror was in difficulty on descending tbe hill, and Sweetsance west up to Starke,,j23a...iei Tberewere manywesnaied'ea bothsides, maythePortehesitate. Tbetwogood,simple"Christian" Tbe peace which to reported between the Druseswhich optnly tBBoanaas the return of Prussia to the doc-trinesoftheHolyMission. Asye;,however,theexults TurintonegotiateatreatywithPiedmont, tbechiefteay^re sad asanmed th« Dtctatorship daring the short nat.ons of Prance aad Lngland have been defending a wolf in sheep s clothing, aad now the animal has shown htosad the Mammies will not affect the urgent pre paratiOBS BOWstaking at Toulon for French Intervention The works at that arsenal have long since been pushed on with an energy which finds no remission Bight or day,ttoB of the feudal print to rather premature, as beyond lure of which is protection from Garibaldi They bavet.«-d. become a great chief He wilt depend upon France, Bah the ohancesare. that whi e 1 write FerJ.nand niw.ii." .at thr »lmlrlstrst:cn of Syrii shojld be re- but will moat likely reign as Vic*my, or aomethin^ iaala rvnnmg as fast as hto heels wi'! bea' bin. to Vienna. the revolution to progress aSy further n. IUVU. and haveof Mr. Ten Eroeck'f ambition WoS the 0<»d vfit.?-'. <.r.tcr that ti»e M^ron'.ies might obtain thet.ms. H»-wasnotsenrbyLouisNapoleon yea:sago,to in\iiedtheCabinetoftheTOJerJc"tojunwithth*minwo*l Cur. and :i: j l "^ he sent ever fromher* the (elebratfu horse ;naij;;ston to do bat who tii.uS ti.at tbey arose only fr^m the fends cf twok fc>At Messina t ie. Neapolitan troops have left the town, but{i' onilori I o r r r i p o B d e n c * . lo.vrtts, July 28, 1S6Uwood Btakes, with Starke, besides (jarrying of! the Benthick Memorial stakes with the same horse, and tbe richNursery stakes with Un)r;re. 'Tutoj year he had no lessthan four horses entered for thd cip, viz Umpire,Starke, Satellite and Optinaist: and (as will be seen from against the Christians. The Mussulmans have beer the report of the race below, he on^y started Starke and most subiect to these emotions, and if one party hasKing of .'^|I/4«», Appeal la tadi-: i- i' «<piewl jltta-fc n%.Voft-J—# Crimean //«rottladafejHat*m»;aafal.Aftoamoflight,hoer^fsr,breaksto, ehre tentretits. to.TMMfc >rt ishs-Basis,July27,I960. Joachim11.;rat.hadbehutpossess*!alikeheadandpoleon,ortotheambitionofVictorEmanuel.Ittothecup.theGoodwoodstakesandasweepstakesandfourththeenterprisewithherusualenergy.TurkeybasabownFf, dc:riurtrak*trtlon'at. Car lata. es : entirely reliable. The royal troops bare eracu- latum Bet tern Kmfiand and France—The Frtnih Emye-heart. But tbe Muratt wasted a man. The enthusiastic work of tbe people themselves, wbo are at last lea free for the Goodwood cup. Ileeling for Garibaldi here to pstitively unbounded. Hispraise to on every Up, ami men are never tired of speak- from the intervention of cougte to work oat their own re The following is a summary of th^ racing —her inability t< keep order m this province, from which Mebemet Ali wa driven by Engttob arms only twenty years ago. Tbe States which signed the Convention of 1840, and those also which took part in the treaties of 1860. are responsible for the well beingam Bout, «il a»7-.> the mfbrmatiao from m et a quarter that I be-I. i*amH» MM«saina, Syracuse, and the rest of SMily, Kin< Bom dttwn to Syria—JUportrri, Jtass-Jtcrti at Danuuau—Pro-ing of hto deeds.The Emperor to perpetually holding reviews of troops.demption Tbe French Emperor folds hto bands andwaits the progress of events, aad Victor Emanuel leads(iOODWOOP RACE*, JELY 24.The Stewards' Cap, value 800 sovereigns (handicap), byism-atdEnglandf<>rai-1InthisSislastextre- toad,hasproducedaveryprofoundimpressiononmined to choosetheirownrulers—the same powerthat subscribers) JLord Anne* ley s Ssreetsauce, by Sweetmeat, 3 y r s , 7st.French society generally. Such a rtswau of thereal poli- -ret., ccr put in one protest, [the Neapolitan tics relations of England and France, notwithstanding •bfesa .r hcie tc London to I'isipmg abont like a de- the ostensible entent :ordidU in China, and now in Syria, isheldtobeunmtotakoahie. Itplaeesthetwonations,in the most authoritative manner, in bold relief before the universe and whatever the phraseology employed, there they are, like tw o tigers, each biding, with cat-like cau-cavalry will be inspected byhim. Hetoalsoexpectedto visit Toulon. Tbe pontonniers of the Imperial guardyesterday threw a bnd.e of boats, made of caoutsnouc,across the Seise in the Port de Sevres. This experimeat bouse of Brunswick in England. That the peoplehava the Mr. R. TenBroeck'S Maggiore, 3 yrSi., fist. 41b (car fist. was performed with the greatest rapidity.«j t .1 i-rtLce dare not and EngltnJ wiU sot furntabft , writing tetters to t i e Timet and making •sj fc.od •: eflort with that energy of despair which iiraoterisee the drowning man. *tte no go. Tbere • sftGe < :x-or its to do him reverence. jaTbe British goThe Empress has gone to the Eaux Bonnes, near Faroes. The Senate has closed its session s a d Paris is becoming deserted. Marine residences seem little likely to be in demand in consequence of the extraordinary temperature. Tbe evenings are as cold as October, and not a day passes without rain. Coder such circumstances one is sur- prised at the quantities of fruit that inundate the Parisian market; bet the supply 01 stone fruit, particularly cher- ries, has been extraordinary, and of course as cheap asplaced Napoleon III upon his thr>ne aufi crowned the lib .?..A.rM-, }right to choo. 'heir rulers has become an axiom familiar 51b ' -• 2CountF.deLagrarfg•'«Eouave,6jrfs..til. 6'b S to all classes in Northern Italy, and tt is the exercise of Sir J. Hawtoy's Catawba, 3 yrs , Sdt. 12lb. (car. 5st. 13thto right which to being worked out in the South. lbThe following a'eo ran—Miss ulia. Twilight. Fort awiththebestimeationsshewouldbeunabletodomuch. F"ranee is accordingly about to send a body of troops to tbe coast, and England will co operate by tea. It may be tbat tbe know lecge of these 'acts will stir up the Porte»t very reasouabiy says "No, yt^ir royal master tion, the other's spr&g.It may be, after all is accomplished—after Naples shall bras, King of the Forest, Tbe Rov , Montebelio, Enfield, to more than usual energy, and tbat Fuad Pasha will en- have been freed,' as Sicily is—tbat diplomacy may Zitelto, Lupellus, Seclusion, AIL Ethiopian, King of deavor to bring things into order before the combined Diamonds, Oliver, Conjuror, Nie! las, Reynard, General squadrons commence operations The sews of peace intervene to tear from tbe lips o' the people the fruits of Hesse, Man a'-Arms, Gibraltar. Cli tanthe, Spioebox, Lu- being established between tbe two tribes aeeaas their struggles, as in lily—but I do not believe it. It is cy, Cecuia, Cliere Amie, Apollo, f. yPTrrhus the First a move in this direction. But Europe ts not liketpgtoe, aheb* • »**E d.a! to every appeal of humanity and every In military eirclee every word ;>f this Tamous statement, . * * . w*wm, 8'jader- '-%, •» Two things, however, are evMent, the King's of the foul trestles or Vienna, and fulfil, while w e ,• git, and2 years, Bit. 81b. (car!, fist. 51b) ...»Mr. R TenBroeck'S Bayard, 2 yearf. 6st. 31b Mr. Mundy's Malm, 2y^re. 6st 3ta...,Mr. F Amhig's Chelmsford, 2 vefirsi 6st. S!b Mr. G Hard's Stella. 2 years, fist. 3flb12are sure of the power, the giant destiny God- hasprepared for France. The blood of our fathers cries ipa KSM»#- Ill t.- the news. 1 have it from ajgenttemsfi Jott aloud for vengeance, and perish the Frenchman, what-3 - 1 6 JmY 25 —The Goodwood stakes of 25 soverelgus each,awbnHBSfti ra. Fsstsn* •arm, Tran"%xr."..., is witbout snthority, andjevsrything mdi•ha tute bordering upon anarchy.taSa* eisict ;ronc tie una and Xurui, mUa^f be has beenever bi» political creed, who will not cast hto lot in a cause s o sublimely patriotic. 1 do not exaggerate whea I say that thto ti bet a faint reprc^utalioc of tbe language st present being employed m the most opposite shades of society At tne same time, this impatience to strike to manifest y temper*! by a degree of confidence in the pre- stding spirit e f Franco—the geniaa that h a s already raised her to so high a pinnacle that her ancient foeXapolem't Design*—C'nanae in tlu Atutnon Mode of Go- this morhing, that the royalists have evacuated Messina.15 forfeit, aad only fi if! declared, tc.: the second to receive 100 sovereigns from the stakes Two miles and ahalf. (96 subscribers, 44 of whom fleclar*! )Mr.Gibbs'Walter-,byiMalcutni,Sjyears.»**.4lb.(uie Ths Visitte*thePrlatceofWakes ta Ame-ajd HaNewtec Keast- Portijaw^-•s js.L.-sa fara::coasectea with the *ieam OotiUs, id about to start for the ai«m land—proba• i*. iek> pi-iat between tatobrta fat Regfjo) and7tb. extra} .'....J 4••••. Mr. R. Ten Broedt's SaUiilite, 4 years, T«t Mr. Jacijues' Feodorowatt. 3 rears, «pt 9!b Mr. T. Hughes'I*tsh. 4years,est i t b . .*'-r i c a .[From the London Chronicle. July-28'It was hardly to be supposed tbat the Prince of Wales would confine bis tcur to North America to the domiatoas of bis royal mother, and, already at tbe borders of tbe great republic wboee citizens proffer so cordial a welcome, havedeniedhimselftheprofitaadpleasuretobegaiaed by a visit to its great centres of industry aad taielii-«P^ ti..'. a" t^e note be is issuing proclamationj and fc 1•> * The following al&j rau—Blue Jacki't.Cospard, Uaguum, Rova! Sovereign, Avatancae, Claire, Cheesecake. Pitman,-'g t.:. ii.ii be is j'jst going to oWcb on ltesdlaa. s*r Fssmsel .s evidently trying V>hud lianbali by **«: la.;,wh.le Loeis SapVenn ha* sis hands on Ticeyes. Eb^land, as if in fulfilment of lord John Rus- invariably succumbed to the Austrian, I should not be atbest aad most popular mtaeure of the session, tbe paperduty repeal bill Tbe country to disgusted with her Majesty'a prsnml T'arliament, and I have ao doabt when a elsewhere. The ton of her hopes is crossing the Atlan- under auspices most favorable to Prussia, should entan-sell i indignant exclamation, to now seeking alliances a,. Burprifced if the approaching ooaierence, though held Visit t»t the Prince of Wales to disaViVwi. comes very many of the members will be sen: tic, nominally to visit bis North American possessions, gle her 1 complications from which she has hitherto keptthe welcome preparing for the Prince of Wale? in theGaribald; was to pleased with the determination of wbo was Mattes at tbe distance. Oustave becoming se Watson, ss well as with tbe strict discipline and complete cond. Tbe race from that pomt was over, for Pweet-" into service, and the incessant iabur, if Marines are pouring it from Brest and Cherbourg and rOrient. It teems a point with the French that while tbey are to furnish the troops neces- sary for the expedition that they should not be inferior to the English in their naval armament. "W e are as-jof SIC.IJ abooid beconaM sred s s asd q (SUOB, sad that To tads eftsct MMnept theald be withdrawn frees floaty, jit was oa she arrpiaice-f tha'. coadiuon by the Ktof |T Naples that tj.f v ctor bsasauel eoasintsd to ail11assla letter to 6a- rtald: reqaestjag him act tc effest s landtog on the main 1^ i UM:x-ngdom of Xapacs.Car.ball'1 has received sa accession of twe fine steamers l«ct tegand, one called the British Vulcan, and a cooto publish false news, with the hopes of obtaining delay. of Damascus have beea abandoned to tbe fury 01 theIssacon. Toe tcnoote are broken up the »>llowere have Bat all thto intriguing to cseless. Toe Porte, although Mussulman population, who have spared neither age nor at Viltbro aad Stohsenfete, frees whence she will take her Such is tbe beginning of the end.tx*a killed or are BOWdestitute, andiaeverai of the •asioaaries are now ieav.ng for America, ''as there ia BO hid far use.r labors." ~Utters froaa Omauatinoyte announce t aat from v lo-u d other that theThto is decided u p » , slthough tbe Premier was mu:h graph, but the forma! publication cf tbe intelligence .lust IV t u stan (atosacan of the Lebaa hit council, adverse to any such action. To revenge himself upon now to the official jouraa! is significant It is quit;; eviPasw, July 28,1*60. frtfii A Vfpe*itkm to Ike Sj/tiem E*peii£i*n—]tovements of CanbaHi—Tkt Imperial Conference at IbplUs—l&rt-rifht <f Vaptk.'-on III —MvremenU 9/ the FrenchTroopssured,'' says the Oontfitittimni, in ts Toulon intelligence, joined by Prinoe UohensuUern and Baron Schleinitz, tbe "that the Alexandre and the Foutenoy might IKgot ready Minister of Foreign Affairs: The Emperor Francis Jo this week, for Admiral Jehenne demands two- other ves- seph will be attended by Count Redberg, hto principalDespatches from Naples represent affaire there to b e i sa desperate condition. The soldiers| of the King marchthrough the streets shooting men and women, abusingforeign consuls aad ministers, and force the people at the be greatful to the Druses, to delbaqueni Turkish point of the bayonet to shout for the King. Such a state commanders, and even to tbe Sublime Porte itself, of affaire cannot last. It wants but tbe torch of Gari but it to not likely that the Western Powers will baidi to explode the rotten and combustible throneat Rome, ok.Since mailing my last letter I have ascertained that sels in order not to be inferior to the English In the num aids de camp. Count Crennevdle aad Gen. St. Quentin, andEngland, or at toast Lord Psimerston, bad done all in htopower to frustrate the French expedition to Syria. Tbeber of vessels on the coast of Syria.'' Tbe Moselle, a screw transport, was off for Bejrout oc the 2i-t.the Austrian ambassadors at the Germanic Diet and tbecourt of Berlin, Baron Kubeck and Count Garoly. Tbeconference will only last two days, the Prince being ex-pected ia (hie city on Friday evening to fromuone. Theofficersofthearmyand navyiretakingmeet hm sister, the Empress Dowager of Russia, their dismissions in numbers, aad ships of war withwho has beea passing some time with him their whole crew-are going ove* to the revolution-sts. of a region, carry fire and sword through paacabla villagesThe Mvnit'i r of thia morntog publishes a communica liere," under date Jury 11, stating thru 20,000 ChristiansEvery few days there to a change of ministry, and helpaccept any such settlement of the affair. It to, indeed, rather to much for tbe patience of Europe that a savage aad pagan tribe should saddtonly arm, gather round it all the wild aad mischievous spiritssex, burning to the ground every habitation used for the purpose of defence: and that the Drives, who, so far, ha*. not entered the town, ware then hastm'ng to support thedeparture to morrow. It is reported tbat ber brother will escort her to Warsaw, aad then have an interview with Aleasnder; but this seems rather doubtful, thefor a month, and thee, augmented to a large army, attack tbe first city in Syria and slaughter every Christian they eould find. But it would be even more provokmgtt*I bands of ruftiaac, when their bloody work has IVi hat is now enacting in the capital of Souther:. Italy re concerting measures for that ptirpoee^-hntiu.-. at the S>na. for nothing. The Em;>eiur must even then have Bi.nds one forcibly of the abortive e|!>rt« of fori same time, that they are detsjrmtpeu to give eii«ci to theirn ia .srsi-'v—if?m-• _-»J /.'40taffd—J^.'rf'm*n.'; an*'P»r>j>xU of G&ri- bfedi was overtaken at sea by a steamer sent after himto convey the news that Messina was betug evacuated by Jams '.J ir yd*—T«V Jlfefiii^ </ the Cr umeA HecuLi mt the royai troops; he altered his course and landed at Mesconfusion te thereby to be made more confuse I still.With all our our artificial machinery, so determinativeSicilian Movement—Ga<iLahU IriumphaM—KttihusiasM rf the People—American* in Haty—ThiCharles d Janei lift PoMt imr *;a <p?m Afmin—AjTxiru in %'iBritish Parlim ass—f--. Mum-re in Syria—The I'Sict Mam," Sc.nounce that General G'.;yk)i:, commander of the French force al liome, wa«. to leave that city with his troops, rbts is a mistake. In view of the grave complication thai may arise, owing to Garibaldi's expedition, the Genera! will remain in Rome with the French forces.still left for individual character. With all bis advantageous family an tecedents, no one can doubt that Napoleonthe Tbird made hto way from a scrubby lodging in Kingstreet, St. James, to the empire throne of France bythe native force of his character and that he holds it stillbythesame.AndwhatGariballitonowdoingtoNaplesbutetbeSicilianmovementtctheschemingofLouisNa-running.Itwillthusbeseenthat[Mr.TenBroeck. TheinurfereoceoftheWesternPowe-eistherefore and Sicily, might also Lave beea done by a descendant of peculiarly unfortunajte running second for the Stewards' amply justified, nor do we regret tc see France tier uponi, re- -ei... the evente of today. Each day we se.j m^re North to patch up matters wit!. America, v.U-:u leaowliun whether France a£>:.! 1 U; 11 or not.Irib^s, Loth equally savage and obst-nate, a!»l. iagn o n e of them afiect* the doctrines of Curistianity. We are comi tiiec to Jiseent from thd- v.ew. We ao zA say toat the Dru.'t-s were instruments ir the hands o* some Machi- avellian Pesba. and that they were preva'led -ipcn to at tack their neighbors in order that tbe Mussulmans might be excited t.) a genera! massacre but we d„ say that, ac- cording tc all thai has traspired concerning these events, there has been so much complicity between the non Chris tian racfs that the Drusw enght "not to be held solely re- sponsible, aoi: t i e Mussulmans acquitted. The spirit whuh Inn- e\ten ieil itself for the last three years through the country has !>eea one of bitter resentment against tbe European -;at»s which have saved Turkey, and of spitet r*•"""t!SJif.c—1<».I'MtoDf^atKapol<*m'tIlorn—ComplLaisass»rted.hereonthe1:1amland.Severaljournalsan-ofroutine,ittocurioustoobservewharlargesooaeis Optimist,reservingClupireforthetarmoreimpor-ThewaritessentiallyonebetweenthetwogreatreligionsParliament was not justified in imposing!:taxation upon her, only let America aokn<>wledpe lier; sunordinai;-iu. The bill to carry out hi- y••.an liad scarcely passed the Legislature, when, two uays after, the French Ambassa dor Informed him that France had already aekn iwle Igcd American independenee. Or, later still—fin 1815—when Napoleon, escaping from Elba, was m route for Par.«, ohl what would not the Bourbons tiavs given then to escape the danger* And when the victory of Waterloo did bridge over the difficulty, it was found that adversity had taughtstill several thouaa*d* of them occupy tbe citadel , Gar> them nothing No, it is clear that Ferdinand niurt go: though there cannot be a doubt that the present EuropeanAS far as regards Prussia,Taw ::i a position t state that there is not the slightest fohedaaion for such a report The Prussian Mintoter at TurlB, H Brassier <ie St. S.moo, has, indeed, oeen instruct'-.1 ID remonstrate v .n h Count favour on Uie encouragement given by Sardinia to tha operations of the revointionawy party, and to urge him in the strongest manner to com-' to an agreem at with Naples: but it is positively entree that any threats ef aimed intervention have beet i-efld oat.Osir Genoa, Cosrreepond^ncc. GrvoaJluly 24,1880broken down here before starttng, Aid confe jestly be bad no chance of competing with the flower of Faig'.islj and Fren, h horses ei gaged ir. the race, and he lost; In 1859, Mr. Ten Brotck tried again, and although jic could only obtain third place, yet lie won the far richer prize, the Good-sins, but toft that place again suddenly, and to now, as itlearned of the otaer 11 is tne Druses why are the papito. and Mate tTa^on—The Amrassaiors and tX. King— tant race, tbe Rwcastef St. Leger. [ Starke at one time which divide mankind, and unless the Mussulmans nowperor of Austria It the commencement of a new phssto, *am&L:tr. i ,,i Victor and Carour ianmot boMGari- seems to cower under her ghuice-^which cannot but be perhaps of s new era, in German politics. The differences S • 9Si •ti ;.* :*c:. ihtmrs will not stand «tiil i A small flotill t •at'•factory to the parttoans of the existing dynasty. B e between the two governments had, in fact, arrived at a 'ssaiaen ;^= t>«sa set afi^at, and froti, 12,000 to lo,0O0 that has done such great things to, It to said, capable Of point whea tbe ocl; alternatives remaining were cither aEdmundKeen,GtidiroB,Tocher,ITlilonleiaandNeopto one knows whither—expectation points to Calabria. This lemus. ;' _• * -'>' landed on. the Nespet'.tas :4">re wltfatn less fc:•*••»ttkS. xhccast.ieofSktisai # soagiy pace 'i.a»«t>yisssi:a\,butthegroundam<«tndNaplestotomore. " He that raised the nation from an abyss, from the lowest depths of despondency, to be already the first Powermtheomverse.shallhenotbetrustedyetswhile longer4 Allseetowhatpointbiseffortstend,andifanycempiete rupture e r a fraak and sincere attempt at re-conciliation. Tbe former would have been ruinous toAustria,andmusthavebeenfollowedbyrapprochementorall that c>ast, with tbe mountains of Abruzzi, will be in fullblare. Then,enam* te NasteNever in my life have I seen a man so idolized by the people. Theyalmostworshiphtm;notonlyinSicily. whichhehastreed.butinalItalybetoenshrinediatbeoptolemus an-J Gridiron. 26 to 1 eAch again*I Royal «•>- vereignandMaguuso,30to» b J ^ & ^ *?t?t£ 1 against Feodercwna, 40 to 1 againsk Ga^paru They got awaVatthefirstattempt.Gnatroi.rt^hmgJ^Jta froofts soonastheftocwa#dropped,sadfoliowiu?himpastthehighly tbe value of this royal progress through Canada and the sister colonies, reviving, as 11must do. tne feel- ing of attachment to the mother coualry, sad drowning forthemomentfittest,totbatonesentitaent,tbeloan! "a.oureswhichhaveattimesprovedsodunstreus- tbeta.ni-s matrregnrir,thatwithaij-sisgftraina-*w!oto^yrrcanaheUtteW.1HM«pimmmmdoeentire»v areMindtheiaigismPrimeMinisterhasopenedtheiriTBStmtoFrance,which,underthepresent rrcumstances,wouldhavebeenequallyrermgnenttothereel- Joveofthepeople Andnowonder;heseemstohaveno atsnd^eveV&SS .tmSTateFeotorowua.tbetosttwoPrrncewillbetherepresentativeoftbecordialinterest**,T vuia'.Oiiakarngv. Itisfearfulqihtakofacityingsef thenationand tothoseof itspersona!ambitiontogratify,BOlastofrichestogorge,but working with singtobssrtedness for the freedom ofbeingWallacean*Pndemeto. Thetotu»kUos*orderon whichthemothercountrytakesintheprosperityoftteniakhig th* terr out of the straight, Gridirw sattl goisg colonies, and typify tbe uuion which binds together so on^ritl th-TMnui4.*«h Toeberjaad Kiitcfi wai laidup, barmen:oue'j tiaj widely onTeriag and scattered races%».a*•' as \«« Vi»r%. asd aoatjasisg with rico an aivbiu-curs, pait .isg ssid scalpbrulen; tbe latter could only be effected by oatejl the oppressed, with a character unspotted with blame,unstained and purese a caika, he to very truth seems to of tbeBorate •—itiliit tbeinitiative, andcouse&rtagF betheapostleofliberty.tostssntialBaodificUioasofpolicytolbvoroftheaahe*-^ thhnetatraihereit,notwheretheywingetmen,but,eyes LetFiaace, too, open tier's and be prepared Carth* glorious rut ire the hair of her (treat Captain is preparing fjr her.Weemarvef,too,wheatheybeheadthemutabilityof •*.. o,Nojpjrt aiaostaioc1sawOBB:allpotrttoaltrarnrtihlp Butafewyearsago,aadthe'vJi»t»ar»ain*nt, pfita^. r - a t , bow! *• ^-, willbJmtebeir'r in the rack a* thetr: heels. Oa roundtu%the clump Piwnaa took somnd plAce.and GrioirooHt-., ri bat lead upvrards of hal. aj d^a^ii toagtha Pit- >>rwbo mate up tbe vast aggregate of British subjects. But htovisittotheCantedStateshasaBarberimport. When the beir to the British crown visits, smktot the appro bationofbothpeoples,tbePresidentoftbeStateformed by tbe coiocists whothrew ofi the yobs of hagreat grandfather, be sets the seai te thateerdtol receaeiiev ment waicfa ha- been gradually, bat surely, growing op since the recognition of their iaderte&detvs.sejg in. Ke^ ^f *f; aas aooaasyo:« ta-» .-uer s*^ ^ , w, Woo Mit the gifiso 2* V'4- "•'^*B «sn«s.Ui-aiBksg r*,;r •*fir*tctrwriter of thto totter aatl at table intbe Palace of theEh1ax1 ThemostIUSBMMWfruits,thedaintiestmeatsandthe twbest arums of France invited the guests hot out-side the windows of t i e palace wast a tight that hodgreater charms tbar, the gorgeous banquet within. It advances, aad the arrival 0! M. ArenswaW at Vrtirmtwemake selections from tbe abeaaands aad thousands wbo oBer tbamselves. Tbey do not desire foreign volunteers They wish Italians to free thesastrret; hot tbey have faund it impotsitieto refuse many Isssrlosts, Sugvtob and Frennhmer. who have ottered their generous aid. Americans arc air lvtag every day or two en mate for Si cily—glorious i«. ows, tervtsg Without money aad «ith- out price, making BO dasatna tor office or rank. Tbey are paying back tbe debtef gratituoe we owe for the bravehearts and Strang aeons that lentus helpiaour strugglefor bberty.making the tost turn. Sate Mtedrew forwfrd.snd Gr!ff!.-on. nmning rather wwte aaoa disappeared. SateUite then teoic no tbe rssn^g with K<ya.dovereign, Finch. Caeee«- cake eawpard, Heodorawna and Wkikoe in atteudaacc. At the half dbtanee Walhtee deprived SatePito o* n«-> teas', sad caattseed*! * ''"»wuT so wstt known1 -New York—toe young C: .mnai jasro, srno §,>t•• i I M I U , « M"• s•»tiurse«4Jin( of tawi.i*it-ijart* u> *•*•" *'x l.utrtred.,*"' ,s i i*U»tora—«tir bnatw yewag •o.gote SMstbc war or *imaaity'ss***, •*• Uiayatts. wilt Ntatst su « yitag aH bis ownteegth betwesa the toe third a t e fourthIndeed, it is no paradoxical etm-eii to sev 'hat ttu the wiener jby six lengths: half a far rioter vn*m subsists between the U*>-4 g-mum"ea..sTf '*l"1***,s- He sasg.ute out siii»^ ton days a^j, was oa taa oocaste of thto CjMeen of Easxteds visit to heram in tbe behef that their stead/neas had tri. LandthattheOabbsetofBerlmw-soaths point of gtvwg way Whea, however, it was found that, farsecond aad third: a length between and Kmeiand now than betmten Out c««r« out her American ndtqiq at taw tsav ant"*»r t- '*••>ewwrful aad gluttrioM ally," taw Bmperer of tbe •••leerab^^sak fst tte «MMI letosc* Ths pt*«i Frmch. whohad Just BOW plaosd at her Majesty »«ervtoemunity of mtereet or fefiing at say perod 01 to four, and psnejiially to thetime «dl«inu»i eagbt com• that colonial history. The loiereats were, udeed.1 n<law*** **' •Usgs sad em.psrots 4 r.',i.u.» S s * 'Speech imParii—Pcltiical Re-C"WOf Garihaldi—M^iaeiu* of Xopoieon III.,dc.,dc.!i." finding more than be can weU^staakse snder »eratei-clVeaori'is.Hi;hasaps>esiedtobothThespeechofLordPsimerston.ssfirstMinisterofHagandImperialguard,andtodayon{theracecourseatthetbecausesecretassistance,butthepoweratworktothetheracefund;thesuritlustobebaidtothewiuntrintransferredtoTurkishauthority.sadwhichfouryearsvernment—Personal InitUigenee and Cevti Xetm—Oaol andEainy Weather—The Crops and ffarvetting Pm pertt—Austria, Prussia and Russia Determined to Put a Step to the Italian Reflation Regardless ofFVanc, at.-. Tbe interview between the Prince Ilegem and the EmIhewholeislandisnowInthehandsofGaribaldi.The transportation of troops and munitions of war goes on as inergdieally as ever. Nightly from this port em-bark from five hundred to oae thousand men for Sicily.It is estimated that the General ha- now a force of over thirty thousand men upon the Island. He left Palermo on the lath instant,withaBtrccofeight thousand,aomorning there was a deepsscb from below, sayli>g that Bettmg-b to 2 against eatelbts, d to 1 a#uast Toctrfr. genes but it is rnott aatteiactory to hare ao grattfytBg 10 to 1 wainst Wallace. a5 to 1 agaistot AvaXanehe. UK) to at assurance of hat intention aa that contained m BerCalabria was in full revolution By this time next week fi each against Claire and Flitch, «0Jto"l cachiagainst Ne Majesty s letter to Mr. Buchanan. We estimate veryForslongtimetbetraditionalprideofAustriarerolted from tbe idea of taking such s step; tntptse ortheHrtet;- lalaiidfonigndlBliaalttesbebaeto conitend with, ber statesmen stM entertained tbe hope, that b y showing a bold front they weoM toduce rVassto to txake tits firstaswithusduringtheMeartenwar,thediSoultytotc manaadTochersoonafterwardsjpa^eduis«»s^aPRICE TW OtheinterventionofthegreatPowers.Affairswetsthedecidedeal!ofStarkeBbthWerebeaC^andthebrought to a Stand. Tbere were six thousand men watt race was woo by ton leagths by Swsstenee who has co-operation of their powerful rival Their resolution once ing. and BOmeans cf transporting them. Then tt wsa that carried ofi the two great cups ef the stearin*- tevns taken, it was earned out with that promptitude wbiah thai Americans came forward aad eaVrtd their vessels for wee the Stewards' CVtp AJte thereat e^were^nadeAustria has so frequently displayed in diplomacy andso hto Bse, rtoktag capture aad iniprtoonment Tbe men to take tea to one about Sweetsatcetor the St. Loser rarely in war; the Emperor immediately despatched an were transported, aad Garibaldi was carried triumphant The Goodwood Cup. varee 380 sovereigBa. UxTrett m tategrtph letter to the Prinat Regent, inviting—1 mignt ly over the difficulty. Thto example has been followed by specie, tbe second to receive 100 sovs. oat of tbe stake7 almost say httearhag-his Royal Highness to grant the English aad Trench. Now there sire four lines of Two miles and a hair Forty two tubs —htm a Bassist!, either at Baden-Baden, Dresden, steamers,numberiBgiaallBinsvessels,plying daily be- Lord ABnesleys Sweetaaace, bySweetmeat.3 vesrs. oranyetherplaceheBlight think properto tweenthtoandPalermo,aaddisplayingtheFrench,Eng- BarooRotbtchUdtGusuve(bredinFrance),8years',pentors assembled at the pust. inioug^t the aurtera sasumed to be antagoii stic Tbe mother eoantry treated •»»tirv.aveSOBSH.Proaaiac»£aHseeapi:•hersebteetsthenisojojraiaghitheFrenchcapital.The partofbisgoveraBaeat,theIlJaWianMiaisterdedsmdtohesrt*dyHiungVrg^SaB—ttr.Warwickfromftichmoul BaronRothschild,aad*iuave,taehropertyofCOCBXF profitwastobedrawn,aadregulatedtheircommerceac-tbey waedd run the risk of letting the tost moment peat when they might still expect to secure the friendship andi4±*5 * 'M b : *'K > A * >apsa»u»i'a «aaast sad 1h*v<r bwprrmepeJac«fwtboa>aTT«*ec»f holding a court for from being entrusted with conciliatory purposes oa tbe Two or three days ago there srrived here a warm were tbe French bred horses Gastfive, the pro,tertv cf tbe colonics aa so many outlying farms from wbW> aJl?*«*"»-fsjaapalnapntntedb«4laWJ»tot«i»ra ^ f * 10 a -si sttasr ft N*»w.tbsr« !*tw:*estty a jpw» 7*TM H tammg tilin«Uermau*ot«r-ga*»SJthat „,.*'•; •"'*hasanyaostiie iate4tt.»» tuwardsther-«•1:»tioe#wer>verythw,aadpriaelpallycoaHaedto thosecucnectedWiththeBritishembassy. tadwheowe badki«.i ourQassa'ahaad,busMajestyof Franoe pro vtded uswiihasBmptiio«di>«saw. Hehimself wasnot pretect, » t from taw vrtortowsaf the bsafsetthag ballHe applied to the committee for an apjwmtaieni as eureaterIntosaypoliticalditcssnoos,aadopntentedhrmself gees,say»eg."1wishthaappoiatnieat,Be^anteItain* deLagrange. Bytbeway,abelieftogenera!amongst cordbagtotbeassumedlatereauoftii-aoase naerehanas:•«•*i.w.us»,ortheBntja.-waisi'bewit!tri . peoplefrom theB '"'uaatat.'Wloi Suea*a/|»aaVsittosaid,stillrecant* thepartialityfortbeturf bea; quweddermgbtfsa>mrt>inEng'aftd. StarkeandOne maltweretherefteserjtatrescf tjae American bcrses.prietarygovernors Tberesm*jBuBi|<aiat!v«*y bet lutie trade,and,fromtoeibecloa«voyat^ibut u*t*eand having mst left Baden-Baden to return to his capital by way of Cebleatz, he signified bit readiness to meet tbe Emperor at Toplitz on the 26th iast. (to day)re tossed ber after a short detention. She was on ber way to trepani to purchase a cargo of salt for her home wan yoyage, and agreed to take for the Garibaldi Committ* some 800 men tad munitions of war as tar as Cagltori, in the island of Sardinia. Cagltor: was at that time, being very near to Sictly, made a kind Cf depot where th- volunteers were kept until a safe opportunity occurred to^i"!T!? ^ *"t T« ».T«-TrbMr. R. Tea Breeckw Optimtot (bred to America), 8of the latter aad the sacrifice of her pride, and possibly ofpressed by England not to give hto assent to the iaterven-|ton, will do so, as I am assured on good authority, andthe French rreparatior.- go on with the greatest rapidity. work of carnage and destruction that the Turkish an Prince's physiciaas having advised him to go to Ostead, THE GOODWOOD BACBB IN KNGliAND—RCNKING 0 » could, by pretending to make peace with their victims,AMERICAN BRID BOWKS THSRI—ILL 8rCCE« OF avert any effectual interference, and leave the way open MR. TEN nROECK—TBTJC RACK FOB TOE GOODWOOD to a renewal of the massacres next year, or even next Cl P—CMV1RE AND THE ST. ].E<iKR.ETC. month.thorities had obstinately refused to take any measures of prevention, in spite of the reiterated entreaties of the Consuls ana of Abdel Kader.where the sea baths had a very beneficial effect upon bis health last autumn. The I'riaoess of Prussia returned to Folsdam early yesterday morning, to be present at theber of American bred .horses tngsged in the various action of the ('urwtian Powers. The war which has broken oa,R.-ra,cam.i-'i^eace,inwhich,however,th4reoiaciationLordI'aiiuerstmimadearanicspeechinParlament,astocarrywithitthesympathiesofhumanity. i,>iiu-sobadasIttoreportedtohavebeeninEngland,races,andtbehighpublicestimation;inwhichtheywereoutisnolongerconfinedtotbehillsinhabitedbyI flub r i je.da And of the Turkish author lias, to coaler the noble lord may be vexed when he to calmer to see But we have preat aews since I last wrote of Garibaldi. unpropitious state of the temperature it.was feared the the meeting, comprising the various races in which the doubt, tbe Druses were guilty of the ftret outbreak, and itflaaa^sen,asateae, saitectefsof the Druses. No news, however, bad bow much harm hto angry words have done.Verily, tate man to the person inoo. 1011 of the poetry of htoage. T"batever be does or says, whether victorious or repaired under any circumsfta&ees In good time, how-to to be hoped that tbey will receive a fitting punishment. But matters are long since out of their bands Tbey asso- ciated v ith themselves Mussulmans cf every kind to the nrst outbreak, and though they, perhaps, were willing to confine the slaughter to their rivals, their allies soojn ex- tended It to Cnrtot'an.- in genera! and the Itmses^ pined in all that was done Can any one lx.j.<:vc that a peace between the two races inhabiting a muunta n range can have any effect on the pea -e ol the East.- It now dependsh»r* e.v j cf Ihetii-maaada of Christinas who were MKijtd at Kesrooan.vr:! ••• -«aio be earned cut. Thw aai > tteiatriurt) v ivtroopstaayb^exj^-te«. Thep*;tof[FraactJwil!be a t i t h c T ' . i . * t c f o c c u p e t t o n r o r i n t e r r e d t i ' ' H ! W e a r e H)o.!'.>:••«•o«ran|>pt;rtt-iTirni*yK)assisthertore-i •.:»a lai- »«:sp rorope. bnt. (>ti U. c*.titr«iry, pi' uniting the !;•-.•:•'-.v»rsfor'theilef-rnceofinterestsanij>rmci- 1*i*i.i:rvi>ueeMiesameoblige.n"iosfnstlthe'"oxtJ-'fc'**ffO lao rvitfcEsi'i-- : »i*.v:i>ufh insisting oi the fn>« ki»enion of the.HVwB fat Was: '*• l> nreritior for ri'Eaiat.cj* tile ooDectlve inWe have ao positive reformation regarding Garibaldi,but1 air assured that he has landed on tbe Neapolitan terri-tory. Iamm-.K.el tc pl*<:e implicit reliance upon thism&rmatios, ow.ag to the source tram whence 1 obtainit. The Neapolitan provinces of Reg£.o and Basilicate areinopenrentliion. TheKingofSardiniahas weare t o l d , s e n t .111 i - f f l o o r o f h t s t o G a r i b a l d i r e q u e s t i n g h i m t o granttoF.aii!a11.anarmisticeofsixmouth;.Theonly troubleiatouad<|ariba,ds.orrathertoovertakeblmas hmmovearientaareasrajndashisaonct.pt..;iidaraboldvanquished, charinieg away Irgiios of Aiutrians by the mere sha'ow of bis presence, or passing ihnwxri bostile armiesandlanessownwithdragon'sfeth,floOingTor baro life, he is poetry all* ovr—not a rag of our pro sate are te found upon him. N it since the walls of Jeri cbofe'l!'at before tbe tniaspets of Joshua. ha3 tbere been tuch magic Victories as Sicily now furntonesto thto ro- mantic chief. The land to c!?an swept and girntshed: not a N e a p o l i t a n j u s t n o w t r e a d s t h e s o : ' , t i n t s u c h a a a i d mightandmainthemissionoftheconoieror. Aa.!nowhetoabouttoexercisethewitcheryofhispreseu:}inever, a change for the better took place; the atmosphereassumed a genial warmth, and we had some severe then 'der storms, accompanied by heavy showers, but not ofsufficient nitration to injure the crops, so that the rye intlito vkftQitj could be cut. and a good part has been curedand boused in fair condition. By tue last accounts from'lheIt is now four years since Mr. TenlBroeck, a Southern gentleman of large fortune and a devoted patron of the turf, first tori over to England three highly bred Ameri- can race herses-*-lTior, I^totese and I.ecomte—to practi- cally test the position .aid down by aiglish sporting men,«a. A M n , jbta Oe*- »ver; a Aan Ijrd; port.says-—V <-i; ''t.oowli-eh Franc*ha.*beenpitepirj;:forthe af *.LI- rta.\ with marvellous JfapuUi wii.,ae ato=U-Tl' ~.'v M I'orMitutumm-'jsv:*«>rtleiwwhsafc,wouid taCatliblyresultinlae it';:.»Iurkteb«apB.j>HT. Tht;Kastenajiitiesinin.asit•>rtheGood- woodCup.intheyearl$o7,forwhjichhestartedbothwits;-f.x.-jmof th*Powers wnoswc*d thetreatyAl i el-Ksder, tjbf former prisoner ol ,'raica, is taking writes Ferdinand the Second to Victor Emanael, "hold a few weeks » : sbni! probably have detailed reportsof quently won the Ceaeariu ,tch stakes tlae same year, ia a having begun tb- war, I: :s !i!:ejy to extend to places aprominentpertiiitheaifa.rs01Syria. A",th-;h:ulo upabrotherkingtbi«once.'" ••Well,1wil!wrietoiGa- theharvc<ufroi;:theremotestprovincesinthekingdom fieldofthirtyfo'-rStartersandr;!leweuuphersuccess wheretheirnamesareunknownor'\et»*tei!We have had remarkably oooi and rainy weather thto spring and the early part of tbe summer, although notgrowing cropd would suiter such damage as con! J not be American horses took pari..Dreadful Stale of Affairs in Naples, «£cl.looked very promising ib the race, put he could not live the pace, having been obliged, in consequence of the ina- Dilitv of bis stable companion. Optimist, to make his ownreceive a lesson tbe massacres of 8; ria will SOJO recom- mence, and follow the same course as thiee •* JICQ have stained with biood other portions of the empire.with observing that Prussm saw ao resam to deviate fro« by it I can do more good; ate plane i w anywhere, iryau English racing saga that '/"•isv* aed other horses that runtbeeoareewhichthehadadopted,andwhichshecolderedtobemousdormityactonlywithberownmtert-iaoutdonot,twdlsetmeanfieendfighteamyownboos,cument fortofightorUntphys«inuarwarIasaeeeermioee.itled DoTbeAmericanshavegrivanuur»bal4iv*ryvatuao>eaid.whilst the colonists were always eoawudaag against taoa* intheCount'snamebe»k.>*totheRuipererNap>ieon,wbo, unjusttows,ortagarbitraryproceed.u,:*ofroyalegpre-,subscription of M sovereigns each, with 100 added from of tbe region which on the former occasion they Bois-de-Boulogneseveralregimentsofinfantryand>powerofanunitedpeopledeterminedtobofree—deter- specie;forthreeyearoldsandupwards.(Seventynine agotbeyagreedtoguaranteetotheSultan,togetherwithtberestof hisdominions IFhenCbristumswere puttodeath under the evea of the Turkish Kaimakaae, and when 1 their arms were carriedbway byforder 01 Turkish officers, it to high time to interpose Turkey has to much to do in other quarters, and is so slow in her movements, tbatTwo days ago he was at Satory. reviewing the artilleryi&j ioS*''^J» e» c-. reason. the remonstrances of the civilised as t.- tue defenceless state, of "perfidious Albion," toi,H»]r<*«0» mu-,ehaduocflsct;theperjuMNttyraa'.his scannedoversadgloatedonwithasaiamesatisfaction. heartcouldwish.TheassociationofcheapnessandParistbepolicyofEnglandtobuildupagreatItalianempire,Sneer,HerHirhnees,t.byAnnajndale;Margery,Su-tobeimposeduponbyanvsuchshallowartifices-ItwtflM«r Des- for Jlf J * i eiar,TatJJ-hi,"s»i it A, j « j , human and DIVUM, til! n o s he ftadi '*».- ..r turner, andbedoee sot desMrve theaido." M* «2j aa- j-d him that ye was brpgtsg a retrtbu "* ,ii«B r..mst-lf.I*-, rar. scarcely get bead, or tail of toU state of thingsWhy win not the Emperor strike st once, to loudly asked, ere a -ingle stone ofthecontemplated fortifications canbe earned Why, oh why,will he delay the day of Gallic vengeance? Yes, let us march on London, as the Allies marched on Parte Let us tear to fatten every ragthree lengths.Sweeistakes of 10 sovereigns each!: for 2 year olds, fist.,Sib.; three, 8tt.: four. fist. 8!b. flyfe, 8tt. HSb.: s.x and aged, 9st. M. aad f. allowed 8tb The winner to be told for 300 sovereigns, tat \ Half a mile (9 subs.)Mr. Payne's f. by Kinjpton, dam ibv Cow!—Tanercost,the coast as will compel the Muss'dman rases of the coun- try to recognise the necessity of keeping their fanaticism within bounds. It will also be their doty to insist that the Porte shall punish the chient and their accomplices, even though some of the culprit* are to be found in the Sultan'B own armv. The political arrangements by Brhich these ends are to be attained appear to us of mforior im- portance H is decidedly advisable to treat the Porte as a government independent and equal with our own, and to occupy the country only under a convention with that Power: but, if such an arrangement cannot be made, tbeu in the name or humanitv let as disregard etiquette,to now of such rare occurrence that it te pleasant to note it, otherwise the price of all the necessaries of life, to gather with the rent, seem.- to augment daily. The Cog liah population, which eight years ago was a ffaatlug one of 80,CCO, is n o t estimated a t 5.000—one sixth o f tbat amount. At Boulogne, where the number returned was LIJMO, it to now 2,(100.Our Berlin Correspondence. Bsaux, July 25, ladO.The Interne* Between the Prince Mnrnt mud the Emperor */ A utlrid—Francis Joseph Becoming Alarmed at Louuas a counterpo.se to France; and the French Emperor looks forward to the time when the progress of the people in Italy will afford him a lever with which to lift the Ger- man princes from their thrones. When thieves fall out, honest folks get their own, and sjmtd tbe opposing poli- cies of courts the people arili achieve their rights.80 far, diplomacy has not materially interfered with Garibaldi. Untrammelled, h e goes bravely on. The for tress of Mitozso was stormed last week. The rumorhat oeei: current for several dags, and to generally believedburban. Viroflay, Narcissus and ; Provtoioa. W on by be the duty of Christian nations to occupy such posrte olT ateT u r f .n« igui-orisg provinces thisfsrekl, whi<± to the first inimportaacc for noma c-uausap'.ion. r>oi -n* to bring a tbat American bred racehorses were far inferior in speed on the imposition of some half doz^c races, dispersedt a l l h a r v e s t , t h e a p p e a r a n c e h f t e e e a r b e i n g f i n e r t h a n i t hasueeiiforyearsalthoughtt•<stemwillbe'snort. Toe saaeissaidofbarley,oat*andpeas,notwithstandinga n d e n d u r a n c e t « h o r s e s t i r e d o n I h e o t h e r s i d e o f t h ef r o m t h e M e d i t e r r a n e a n t i t h e b a n k s o f t h e F a p h r a i e s , andwefear thatth:whon-JIucSUOULpopoto!.;unis abouttocommencethewc-kofpersecution At I^mascufithehelpoftheMussulman?andtheamtthyofNaples Iaaidinm/<!astthatitwricas/topn»- :*'• .'U '*. Sdf^ n*a'«|>}M>ar to oc SKcepiittle of.,1) When reeaaWt by the miiessnfer of \-*itur Kmaoe«t|, u t l^reeire, frj>m portions dl" private letters subnrtted distriets are likely M> have abundant wops as toe flue Prior and Fncrets. He was not suo>essful, as tney could the Turkish o .cials did mor-- than the lury cf the f>rusesliietotterhassuflenu.frommildew.ThewheatgrowingLibtrater wili ba-Jegooe. too tar 10stop operatwus-J Ite tc me from Naples, toat toe coastAction firce couldnot weatiier cootIB es. and tuas harvesting wil bein full for Uie destruction of the Christians Aleppo ts threat- c:<iedly,Fraiicastl.isagoneBourbon. againbeplayedout,andthopiblicintelligencewh;chthe astivitv!<JSLnow. Theeaap?rnixirtj,IttoU.c,Kuuigs ofciyattainlhc«positionsoffifthandsixth,altuough ened,andmaybythiKt,:u»navefallen,aiidyef.there AmeetingoftheEmperor>fAustriaaadtbeInm**R^ mailwii!bringontwiththiswillshowyouwhatapanicb»ig,Elbing,«cmayexpectafeirishiogtradeinthemanyofthetfng'jsh.1sportinglournaisallegethatarelucreueiti.er!"use«norMarouitesTheQifstiansgent ha? taken place at Tup! its. The G<*nn*n papers ai the Court anu its apptndages are :n Down, down on its shipment of «>heat to Engiasst. wihere there will undoubt 4. rt thatan alltouCe has been agree *uposi. Of course, all kneee before Sardinia, ready to s ^u away s.cr.y forever, edly be a great deficiency in t i e crops, the last advices thaiispremature,an<1isISyetmengu-ssawork. onlyagreetogiveitNaples "Forthebv^ofGod," si.owingarisec,'on t"threeshillings.11theprices. InlYioress coul'i have won' had not the incompetence of her ockeyruinedherrdanceofsodoing. Themaresubse-ol the whole rcg "a ta. .,, ••;.,». ar. e ,»"'i',:ta t i c dot m frcn the Landt of Mah imcans ammi; whern they live,theDruse*havenopowermth"*..distrrf.bit.tfl%M-a:••vertb»)«ssDO.ntcntio:.ofkbaadoaihcthe\3f,Qmenhetofepresr.ugthemurderousuruses.Theribaldi,'answerstheSardinianprince,"andasichimtor.&.—TheBrusselslmletymviii,*-.,wiiu.liisgeuerallybywinningtheutrAHYV-.shireHandicap,atDonca-ter,Wtcannotnmiinanysupposedrecoa<liatiocoftheAtlantic Hi.firstessaywasint'rieraceTte irtonwooD err, 4:LV SB.^ TheCuprsaewasappointed to take {daceataqlarterDtdaratitM ef In Upends* • There was titfW comIl Mill•e•• .1"^,~~, btelengths in advance of Ztuave, at whose girths Starke. Butterfly w a s fifth, and Highwayman, and optimist did not pass tbe post.Tlae Massacres te Syria.fleishel Horrorand put an end at once to these horrors.CENTS. •www.fultonhistory.comwith those of fioniniij at imwi, the Anstrtoas fcit thatto SowethiEg jver a taenia ate h* had ao means of trans-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069intercouiteTnecoksttotawere J 