 jMr-ioitit (Bullr.'-Uifilifllir'-'t' btfcerbranche*oftnda"^^SSBiIPP^ (iTiilrl lichanges.wlTexas.".'.'.'.'.'.'.OWntT T^tlTRB—TBI IbBOHAn's Sni»—The Western States hare a complete monopoly of this traffic by rlrtne oflawith Iota <rf banting flyteg andm -sl^tand hisThe Dis-migar Per*ia,butTiczx»-Tai SmiMtn'i lUinnnk.r UBKnt-Altcnew rad Brenlnr-ILUA'c Omsaur. aiatM—WuiGlbt-A—Ugeneepetaonalcourage.it on the wharf at Charleston, he with partst or FAnmes ajid Stxtvaxt._l OF FMI AET8, No. MS Broadwar—Dvf-ments are made to prove that the Federal GoTemment has no right to maintain its au-—thority against armed opposition, and now atwho voted against his opinions ?If we are to have civil war, we trust it isnot to be between opposing political parties. We recognize the right of every man to votebis own convictions of principle and ofabsurdity of one assumption is not a whit at home. We go abroad almost solely for <^aTge, qoaitered stuaptaoosly, and Jd^lp^«f OteVAiaiiM*. only V* ASTSBTISBBB.enoughCourier intended to be so understoodthe Disunionists of South Carolina can receive no more effective aid and support in their rev- olutionary conspiracy, than such athat they will be sustained by the Democrats and Union men of the Northern States.ropetotheSouth. Themerchandiseit con- simies comes from an entirely different quar- ter. But there are other nnsurmonntable ob-ThemembersotibeSeventh^'i^Wi»i tGdnpaHsdtopottheTnmmadeConstitution he has taken a solemn oath to—or oftports, render them uninhabitable portion year,ito press at a r oaiUer boor than heretofore, and most AsTunaaas to hand la their notiees beforedeliberatelyarrangementsto the betraythat they have conqaMed theter. The epidemics which almost annually Europe withont tdoodshed. To beHimn HnooBm. so miich to aid*CoLuonoa.^aStSar SALUBT. HoTo* Bn«dwar-Tn "Cn- the last moment, in presence of impendingevery expenserCUiusT-^ASTxi'and Europe, which the South paints to its^ in such colors, is but a(Bte" TtaramB.WnPUi'S fiAUJEBT. No. TB Bnadwar—AsAX An the officers whose duty it is to defend theby ditionsorrelationsonwhichsuchatradecan thatifdoubletliatamountbeaeededH|,TVDTAIiaB AHD n^arenotnor willkeedom, refuse a good bargain because drivenOne thing must be borne in mindonly on the threshhold of the great transac- OMv*sa> after Testing smce Thursday after- tions of the immediate future. It is not in , 'wfll meet agdn to^lay, when the final deter- the power of this Administration, nor of this — to close the volume which Secession opens.goingtoandthe friendly guns fiiigiiigof those membera of the House who Congress,—perhaps hav* (^pressed a disinclination to serve on thenotCarolina is going to send ships out tnfor the sake of bringing them back half loaded, thicker than water.n|ii«la1 riiiiiiilltrr will be Imown. It will proha- bi^ be an exciting session, and the reports of theand are of the profoundly ignorantpurpose,andBut if she shouldships would have to bring their cargoes to South win exert about as much influence in the English rolimteers should rint Paris iawiB be looked for with mnch MMMtae oof dispatches from Wasliisgton are notflf a Tery encouimging character. The Senatorstemper of the American people, who look forhonor shall be permitted, and thatproiaettigaanxiety.a peaceful separation of this Union and theevery- justice will sanc- tion shall be conceded to allay their dis-New-York. Why? Because New-York, rep-tnm^mStavalieliaiigBtatasditiflB of the cotmtry was freely discussed. The not in his power to prerent the other.—Thi Atsioah SLAri-TBAoi. ^A Tasi Oasi the howl which thisheld a conference at dM fhvitol CD Sataiday, at which the present con-they to fear from a continuance in01^neidt which seems to hare been arrived a.twas tfaa conriction that secisaaion is a certainty. the most reckless pause, and to fill the stout-TheSouthconsumestendollarsofNorthern irons,affordsourJudiciaryanotherofthoseA laige majority, according to our correspondent,est heart withgloomy apprehension.But itthat, if these assurances fail to commuid re-direct trade, she would not tiare returned to trade laws, which are becoming impteasantiy her ports more than a tenth, in ralue, of her common. The case seems to be tmnsnaUyThe finalbeen completed ere thb- bnt for fteinjured are tebiMciTe die statements which reach us, a any of its leading interests by such a trial. miadMlBlstaading has already arisen between the Our first duty is to do everything which hon- Fedeaal antiMidties and those of the city or State. or, justice and right principle will sanction Kaior'AaDxitsoH,commandingFortMoultrie, has to ward off the danger. If that fails, oviNorthern States.We are all alike interested in preserving the which the return freight would not equal a dispatched in pursuit, and a capture was ef-beeiLiifaaed the piiTaege of sending to the Ar- next aeadfarstq^iliea,andhiamessengersharebeen courageandhope. sent tedk iritfaaitf tfaam, aimply because among theafWrki dasind were some percussion caps. TheQoreiMWPt, it is understood, has been appealed totoHadanadditionalforce,aaMajorAitdkisohagainstunder it would exceed five times that through New-York, where the amount of con-slarerand in the hold were more than 700;will hare a consolidated Gorerament of seme— kind amilitary despotism,a confederated RepubUc wiH be out of tte question.1ms at BMSent only sixty or men, seventyunite intoaoovt&•towastrataa. Corawas"'-no ramtrkabfopoorlyumliea; but the Administration has ab- gitive Slave law of 1860, so as to provide whichescapingsupportowe a commonalong with the larger' portion of the crewsraitely refused to do so. In connection with morethis nnisal, vague rumors prevail that a formal held to servicenotification wiU soon be given by South Carolinathat aha intends to capture the fort, when the another." We have no intimation of theacaDt|)at,toavoMacivilwar. Ofcourse,^i8im- be framed in the proper spirit and with due" We are for secession here. How are you and theprofits of this frightful business the wages no other just conclusloa. This, then, being our poif- ;fixcad Havre, bsvlng on board—and with the additionalDiaunionistthe of the South, and madeSout)) throughout the length to receive its pay through Nor-with the "tell how much truth there be in maychanges of style and fashion would renderwhat be unsold uimierchantable. How are so ample, and the fare, as the clear- is,possiWetosuch tumors. Secretarr Cobb, it is asserted, has regard to the exigencies of the case, it cannotfree negroes making out now Tare rather hungry, I guess, by this time. Read thesympathy expressed there for the Federal Govern- ment, OD the receptiim of the first reports of thepresent.to takecargoestheyarebrightenlightened natkm that has not yet proven a bltue^^that it is not what theyAs a measure one, the more effective operation of that lawsion movement at the North. The masses aretold by the political leaders that distress,accustomed to last and then another adven- Government can be found—a Govenunent whose ;ture may be reckoned upon to repair the ex-expected.— thefirst and ct«(xeod,antrnu/trtwMwUohIfearbothourFaBMisoffiaandalrelieftotheGovernment,theHouse insecuringthereturnoffugitives,only object Is the good, the bsai, oosb (aot/itn-Bosthtt^taBseventy-one paiseinwis and tSMW in medm.journalsforslaver, is doubtless a profitable one for the maxim which announces that unto ttoaamayoflizes the importation high-priced goods,M look around and see If there is a Oovemment of aahave ataecesaion movement, somewhat surprises the Dls- by amendments of the Fugitive Slave law, nnioniats, and they have no hesitation in sayingpresseswaytheimpressionin the forecastie.voyage of thestated that Gen. Fbo&t, commander of the Mis-souri had been to Port measures depend upon each other. Whateverexpeditionary forces, Scott,when he had found, not MonTOoiUBT.but Gen. secures the latter, secures the former also.that the has The North simply to pay Southem debts. TakeIts beneficial arrangements let ns adopt. Let us not grounded/apprehensions of a punishment as be turned aside by its name, nor be lured by tts pre-also Mft this for Liverpool with curing the prompt repeal of the Personal naCHmtgme portthe3tS paaseafers—no specie reported. Liberty bills, which find their only support in A. littor lacolved by HnniT OlonnLL, Emu the sentiment of hostility to these harsh fea-folk,Charleston,bondsmen, who can hardly assume the risk who have, shan be given, and they shall hava But on the principle of obstructing, in all pos- sage, however, not exactiy coinciding wilkftmCnLHALL,cflmmaaderofthenewexpem- turesoftheexistingact. tion to the Antic reglrau, annoanees the loaa ofthe evils which this movement has inflictedloss, beeidea the Racue, of tM brig Oeorgianaof the Disunionists at the from us, aad with them all our wealth and South. The Act is, would be more greatness, leavhig only rains to mark the spoIt was, doabtieas, to iUnatrate this fitnda- mental maxim of aldermanic and couaeO- manic faith that, on the 28fh day of lasti «a yollooa ofof those who are dependent on their laborand Capt. Hall's boat. Capt. expeditioneither by legislation or by vioieace, in anyencouragementthemselres and their names to the viUainous commerce, if they feel sure the compulsoryHall, sowerer, writes in tne best of spirits, and an-—find It is easy tonothingtotheHeraldtitan the onweleome settlementomicas that he has already perfectedaiqeotioiiBwhere New York once stood. are Exchangesarraoge- continuhig when naviga-to such a provisionof or payment twenty thirtythousand doUaradifltenlt, tion ap«ia in the Spring. The results ac- perhaps, to frame its details so as to be per-leots for his researcheslinks in a ofthisqnestionandtherestorationofpeace simply greatchainwhichc—to and a both Boards of our incormptible Ci^ -Fathers, baring for to be consum- its object to transfer an expense of betwaeacoomBshed by the are expraitionalreadyimportant Both fectly satisfactory. But its main objectomitted, till the whole isof business operations carried on between dif-the Third-arenae Railroad resolution was "put throughCompany ";Vronabn's and Cumberland Straits Capt. £Lall and will be felt to be so aaaertstobemerrlyinletsorbays, hehavinaseen substantiallyjust,can beCotton, delivers to its Impracticable for the adventurethen their entire extent 1^""gseen the greateverybody knows, there ia slways a great- uponthe sale of itsThe jbve-faaA Cora,on the mainwill be no unconquerable obstacle in the wayof girlng it an acceptable ah^e.The Chicago Tribune has a long and ableS. Iri- Africa, Sept. ii^wtt a .e«y> of 706 Afifcaoa, a^ved at t£bfrom the shoulders of aaUngg»ComtteiUUum,m^oflydiminidied demand for labor, andaeon-collection, the bills drawnmated. The especiallyattention of the District-Attorney invited to this subjectcaptured bythe U.general agreementprinciple,there(WMtosiay ovenfag.iB charge of Bailing-*Hllll t ^and « ctwr VCmHtVtttim The cutafai and crew of the Cora«•» llftfa.cbMfa of the D. B. frigate.flcnlav a€ her eqtnie are substantiaUy as pub- versial spirit, Uahed en Batorday. She had left the port ofMaofo OraBdo, wtni her cargo, only the night be-fore die waaits creditor to avery large propor-IddstUpman T. B. Hali, loviteen men from on board thesnbsistencs. ThisThx Sevbntb Bioikint to bb Lmran to OMnpany a 6ee giftofextended rights in thaThe par-quired. In regard to its alleged expensive- Theflloelt ynkat showed a partial improvement ness, however, we tliink the Tribune is en- on Batudaj, afte tbo paoic feeUogof Friday, and tirely at fault, in assuming that 100,000 orofWales'visit to thisisconcerned,thevalue,or ofsuch willseethefullbenefithutofthegenialwarmth andthattheCityFatherswiU haveabun-eaptored.closed Witt flAr degne of boainessdancealarmiste represent. a'-60,000or JoA Central, 71 ; have to beany *a>«r- B01eonKi|^apdloip«r; Bwikeis'103. paidHMOorb, 61. JXo change inWe have no re-mentsFlow and Wheat were laea freely oAfed dur-— bntthatare starving the North into abjectnumber two. The North will cease to perform briUiant spectacle of our military companies solution, the Oity Fathers win ha^ to Uf^'**^"-^--—aattttrfll^ riMtaaiiiiifiiiiiiiii ittiiiiililliiiiigM;New-suchnumberoffugitiveswouldwhateverto confirm the state- extravagantwhich the South is led to believemer, as well as the Northern manufacturer is well known that one of the Priiuse's most thing," as men aay at the City HaU i_but inaa-and Here is class of exchanges pleasant surprises was that afforded by the mnch as no ordinance can be repealed hj ra- importer.efiectnallypersons from one State toopeningThe P»Utie«l Piocpect.It mnat be confessed thmt the aspect of pub-j^^*»^ *^ TotaLgloomy, llie Son&em osaena h^ on Saim-intoan twooMesiaaaafflcienteoauaoitaiyoathe ,federacy. Hie-more important question re- party or section, on this subject maiits, how ihall it be met?—sun, for a portion of the year, leaves cultural Implements, btiots and shoes, negro ptre State eaa proitaoe, it;thebandsoftheAdministration. Notasoli- hamitoodbythtUnionandthosewhoareresolved to plepolitical economytheyflmrimmrntUii fiijin m(i<||t._^danger, the Gk>yemment refuses to strengthen Federal fbrta on Southern soil,^nd who haveand the intimation that thissupport in any quarter. We do not think the Carolinateera at $160,000, bnt the direct from Eu- forthcoming.to invite an attack whichthey, anymore than Yan-forcethey cannot possibly resist. The President must meet the responsibility of having either;maintain and defend,I uttw* tn flin UTTTiilriT If reeetrad later than this, through cowardly imbecility, to meet the If there is to be a civil war it must berepealingthem.them osder their ttiMtaiavaaiUetopQt appro-grave crisis with which his name must be in- separably connected.upon ducts of the South, we must, by the samecahe, supplied with a univataal raikaad Hciiit, and then reSmbarked amid the UtoaHa^ ofriiila*!***- •Mli^V« OF TgB DAT.someissuewhichshallunitetheNorth. Itis to secure this end, even if the other and infi-rule,bringbacktheirproceeds. Sucharesult,—we are of this generation,isinevitable. ThebulkoffreightsEurope rastiy exceeds that coming to the United States. As the returning ships aver-Were eren such objections removed, nosingle:Those men have read to little historybetter one of continuedfail, that we have urged a policy of compro-in the South, with,tion of New-Orieans, has the means of cheap and expeditious distribution. The commerceof braaa emulous of tying the national aiis i^ Aa twafor the of " recoverytheyallegiance, andaSuppose ship while the three mates have beenhavingfailed,visit Southemtheir being made great dep6ts of merchandise.to Loudon, entertained theie for a—by the Northern States, which may give the the Tinas to "Secession,"mightwould such a direct trade continue ? It anceahat shall we do the ! I tske tt for for furoreff giantsdalready leaigned, and will vacate his post to-dayhi wfawh case it is believed he will be followedthe Bqiiesentatives from South Carolina andothers. There is one thing, however, whichserve as a check upon too hasty action, and that their efforts to preserve the Union than they is the character of the advices from &igland. Theof the Coraurious, that it is hardly a woBder thesailor greedily seeks such service in pref- worse tlianHezleanised by that proeass. Whatthi^ yspiritbe subrerted. As it is, the speculations of the an ignominious Press deaOi for propoaing Oat«.,'the Union. It is the duty of the North to give such assurances, and all parties at the North The prospect is dreadful enough to make should unite in giving them. We hope thepropositionMr. BI7CBAVAH Is encouraging the oneto Charles-ton—not one-fiftieth of the gross amount slare-bark Cora, with three of its ofBeers indutyis to meet theperilwithunfalteringThe Fngitire Slave Iiaw. Senator Docslas has given notice of his in- tention to introduce a bill amending the Fu-—else ^if they cannot agreewho ispresumedto be Johnupon party princi-candidates, can cer- theyof a Constitution totainlyfrom which they derive a common benefit.The Starvation Qnestion. OovenoMntwill order it to be evacuated without character of its provisions. But if it should To the Editor of the XewYork Times;The Savannah—; itisof our imports finds its foreignindisregarded, the boats of the man-of-war wereSooth is 1 subjectfJEul to pave the way for action on the part of within document and reflect. Please send acopyso lux-erence to the hardships usually sufiered shall we do t In the first place, I irooU sayA fortunateDelawan.FMrtda...GMTgia...Kemieky, LoDlslaaa. ito'vsir» North CaiaUaa..,emhCaroaaa... Iglg» waannotoonfiMd,toaayaaaMaitf 41M that provisions nrrer werp more abniarticle the Courier says" We trust there will be no war between any por-nitelypeace shouldportperhaps,excep-baalaUnion men of the South a better basis for Connty, Ga."We publish the above note, because it ex- because her consumers are numerouswhichstories that were circulated about theHaxhst, who was possessed of undoubted knowl- Mr. DouoLAS knows enough of Northern senti- of the Astor House, and the mobbing of the yearcertain and far more formidable than the tensions. it its and or attractions of the nefarious business, if any it by its fruits. No more experimentt. 'I speak as toburning edge that the bloodthirsty marauder was in- ment to understand the necessity of removing Tribune office, were told for the purpose ofias, Try by works, adopt nnaeisatxencbcd at Mound City, three hundred strong, and this Thetrue todetenrinad to fight. When Gen. with aMjust ground of complaint, in order to secure aiding impression. Herald, Haxnet,Oea. FiOSr—whMe cooperation he is reported to the execution of the law. There is unques- its devilish mission of mischief, has fed thehave desindr-gaes to Mound City, he will mostlikely find that Montoomibt is intrenched at tionablyKiekasoo or Ossawatomie. five hundred strong. Some Dodies gain greater bulk by locomotion.a very strong feeling against the sur- South with confirmation of their belief on this puzzle to many persons who do not Grand Jury, to see this punishment awarded never wished to see this Union disrupted, hot UItday, from Buenos Ayres, having on board Gom-of extravagancediscourage a new attempt, yet in the present as it is certainly tmwise. Bat tiiet miiA" Pacu and the other otficers and men of render, if that conviction is only allowed fairthe which process byproofs appear conclusive,be weU now to determine once for aU, whether the Slave-tnuie be punishable in ourtiMeauedlHonsentouttosurveytheLaPlataand play,—^bybeingness of every kind is prostrated, and that thesimplymaypays. Courts of law or not.tts UMmfllaaover the whole North- —productsThe Northern shipper takes it to Europe,render of any fugitive slavealthoughment willalready that thou-Itmay seemeariy totqten audi diacnaaifla, men in this disonlcm meveaient areunham-1o ttM entoprise of the capitalist a vast It seems to us, therefore, that certain con- em community. These alarming fictions,The results of the survey arefab liaallM^Ptto been comparatively un- cessions can be made to Northernwhich it These debts Cotton.attothamercantilecommunity,andwiU peredbyvalidobjectionsmost utter ruinon which the Herald publishes in the hope to re-tmiMw IhayaBv^adtheprincipalbranchesof tfce rirtr to tbe (Bilaiiea of over 2,000 miles aboveBnaavApM.Iba rtwmiWp Jrttgo left thla port on Saturdayfeeling the slightest riskfortunes and to renew itsbringswhich areproceeds, distributedveryto the law.impendsofiaanediate tiiatprospect trtonph, tlMjr tUUcit safe to the Soothem mind fat tto preparenext atep in the great com^racy.thisnotwithoutwaning efallenoffenormouslydur-mpoint, impairingonlyleft imtranuneled anditsomucheneonragedbytbdrsoooeaa,aadttaofthe contrary, with the certainty of increasinglastleased and enabled to put to sea.theitof advantage se-for the Westness ofbecomjagsecuritydepartingthoroughlysfamiUarScriptartfState.{dnuBde and somewhattheefficiency of the law, but oncreditors of theandbreadthoftheland. ItisnotconvenientSpring,by body of the people ;—and if there is aferent sections of thepreventedseqaent article protesting against the whote scheme. for theirNorthWe have no di—sposition to urge it in a contro-ber of such per larger than usual,balancesBut there is no of exchanges number one. As far aa the South scarcely probable that the present generation'":nor do we thinktion of its essential justice and necessity re-^ That the Compuiy hare "giren" for thi^forcent reliable statistics on the subject,by they—subject, by its falsehoods and exaggerations,reflect upon the bourse of trade inand;the in success of ef- previousmust be, then I raise nqr voice for a return to a CONSTITTTTIONAL HONAKCHT.^but this senti- to the conviction of the abso-—by its—sands are starving in our streets,—that biui- as ayieldThe bark La Plata arrived at this port yester- ,lute and imperative Constitutional duty of sur- been thrown out of employment,excessof the of the West It is;this mouslook Western-boundanyvindica-isbythecertaintycommerce!Kmm-lififj; ^ '^TbtjWS^^J-!^ ^^y**'^^=5^—3=?W!55!9ktmimU,tm Mat of the amBber.of fiigUlTgL slave* wUok wen to nweulfm, that theijc Ifahjrtii^As a matter of course the border State*1,WIlic afiUis at WashinciaB ia parttcalMijr lose the most. Maryland lost 1 in 820 of the agogues home, bySbrth, that labor Is prndaettreupon starring• S^ «« MM •* • <7M < "^*j:± RepresentattTes of the Cotton Statoa are 2,700, aad Lonislana, 1 in 4,000. Since the Commercial Relations between the North much less elecnte aa elaborate pieceday erening ia aaid to ka%» flhewn that the l,4S0 Kentucdcy,i 1 in; 1 in 2,100 Oeoigia,onaninioiis in the^pinion ttiat secession is in- date of these statistics the number of fugitivesevitable. Mr.CobbwillpiobaUywithdraw hasprobablyincreased,—perhaps50percent,AmntheOabinet,Inspiteofthepricethat —whichgivesabout1,500asthenumberan-Sonth cannot rostore its worn-oat aoHs,whote munber of her alavesMissouri, 1;inthey^orth:process already begun.an illustration of this on a scale.grand Everythe ralue of merchandise West goingover the Erie Canal, New-York Central and Erie Railroads, exceeds that coming East over thesameroutes,by(100,000,000. Thisisastoriesthat80,000 peoplehavecountry. Theyuponthe enor- freightforts of the same character might reasonablydeem itsprofits, which hav—ing the past year, are eagerly copied byit is stillsuch universal distress"quasi pledgestacles of a climatic and charac- geogri^ihicalkigeat titfmiSome of your chapstion, the question for sober, thinUng, tmrftl "i rfor the encouragement peo- or'basis of freshple to persevere in their secession projects.;ItnjjJMnatM than n cheaperarestne will make Itself felt ihr more seTCiijli«i tnow,aadthattha_^„ -^ ontheSouththanupontheNoirtii.Theyjaatare at countmisled their dem- sadly by politicalflioto ttetheyaadthe Herald if dqpreethatttislatel^ent The tsmU in the here,theenforced consent to a dissolution of the Union. relative ralne of the oppodng axioms. Theaad Soath. of medianiam. It must buy from theWe hare already demonstrated, that the North, or forego the use, not only of casions looked to the Vaitel Cttatta fer'—North, whether the Union is preserved or luxnriee, bnt of the simideat«*fc-;waa paid tn the for his lost to the fromMessage remaining. nually South this cause. not—most be carriers for the South so iato the domestic economy any people— ins- reception te theAnd there aeema veir Uttle probablUty that Any bin providing for compensation should longgimi V^kSS^ warmed the raiioas eooipaalM tataadM^as men emjdoy the cheapest means to given uyUrfng wUeh woold lead the South eren to Southern vigilance to prevent escapes. We ends. We do not dispute with the South theother words, relapse into barbarism.Sonflt OaroHna may say that she win go tothe Oto^rioailse Committee can agree upon be so framed as not to invite any relaxation ofto show this practically ;bat, aa we l^n»panaeiaItsmadcareer. Weseenothingin hopethattheproposedamendmentsofMr. palminraisingcottonorvid sun necessary to mature these crops ener- the boaom of one of which she ia constantly leceire Oie homage of a l4Qie immediate ftatnre bnt a rapid, headlong Docolas may consult the welfare of the whole vates and indisposes to physical acUri^. threatening to throw herself. France would was reetdred to iavite aa6K.A>An<»in*oo^ movemeat towarda a dismption of the Con- country, rather than the resentments of any Muscular energy aad lore of labor is the be a fine coimtry to go to for articles to fit ont sovereigns ;. aad as the flrraaii ;flieprodnct of temperate sones which the a Southern plantation fw baoon, com, agri- periiapa flneat speehnen ofwbalttfeiThe attitude of the Administration U abso- Political Partlea aad the Union.the country, as well as The Boston Courier has an able editorial to snow and ice. South Carolina's onlyUtie clothing, carriages, (Umiture, Ac, die. As ttatlUviMaiaba the ehatea body.' *-- 'intefyhtmiiMafingto to interfere in the matter of hostile to the integrity of the Union. It is condemning the spirit in which Senatorsher wen mi^t the South go to J^paa for aaytliini The awMfiHon was TWiiaBd«ilkaaMh> hard to beHere that Mr. Bucbaitah is a con- Halb, of New-Hampshire, and Ivkbbon, of products mnst be her ability to underbid all ad^ted to its wants^ England wonld be but enthnaiaaB Oat then Is no loiigKa'^ait. scioua accomplice in the treaaen he is doing Georgia, opened a discussion of the subject of her competitors. If she caimot do this, she Uttie better. For the articles which the Nortii about Hi pnotieal leaHsatien. ttoSmiMi^— can at no secession last week. In the course of that can no more direct who shall carry her cotton, snppiUes the Sonth, England could not begin Begimeat naj eoDiaet KaiBtr boakof 't^^^''.but we aniTeother conidnsion witbootimpeaohlng his intei--'-—I'ln rtfrM<(r.M afiat^dassBdiiii^gj^'^'than who ahall it The consumer to come into competition, even with entire d<m, aad not in a spin paysthem both. When the planter or his factor sellsire aid and comfort than they hare received at comes at all, it mil o/mcettitf be httwecn thote who intary step has been taken :to prepare when that dreadful period arrives—which Heaven wear it. South Carolina with equal sense turers of those cotmtries caimot adapt them- of the first claw at the disposd of fl^snia^;^the Federal forts for the emergency. Anns avert—Mr. Senator Hals and those in sympathy with might decide, in solemn council, the fortunate selrea to ot^ pectiliarities. The mass of ar- teers, for the parpbae of coav^yiag the Aaairtso',tion of our fellow-countrymen, unless it be necessaryunionists certainly coald ask no more effect- to maintain essential and Inalienable rights. Bat if it an power orer it It would be a new princi- their geographical piosition. "This conntry dif- slble allowance of coal tn thelidiika; ferittt-lMentheir interests, but when reason returns theyof differentwitha moment of passion make laws hostile topartiespolitics.may intransportingt'weremake no eoncearions tn order to save the Union. And its direction and say who should weare and BO far as such difference exists, the manufac- wllllngnew to place one or momwv-ataanni^OUMifUnT MUmO HEL-acns m Dumi n and munitions of war have been lavishly him will find no united ITorth m tktir wide. What sort parties who were to be the carriers of tea from ticles consumed by onr pe(^le, and all the cans to London aad bad: tgtitu In hmiii^. sent into the South, and placed .within easy of a warfare would he wage by an insigntfleant ma-HiSinPi ACADKirr, Tenth-«troet—Amibm' Fmn reach of the Disunionists. Elalrorate argu-jority In the Free States, against 1,600,000 men there the Celestials to all outside barbarians. The more important ones, must be manufactured the regime!^ win be placed voda eSetaMK.'uponduty becontestedbyforceofarms,shouldfind nogorgeous dream—an impossibility.nothingThere are no con-temationalcoarteqris estimated'wfLlfg^ 7.?^-';rightis to— butmore glaring than the other.But South Carolina threatens to excludeNorthern ships from her ports. All such threats are purely absurd. Such an act passed to-day would be repealed to-morrow. Theluxuries.This new system of direct trade between itciceroned to every place of faitereat i% tti^;'.peopleyet all fools, even in South;be based nothing movingfreedom of trade.to control fers greatly fromlingland and France, and in stated that thewill not be long inIf we, then, are to carry to Europe the pro- a considerable of each and forbid furnished with an unlimited eoffij ofBaaMlicoimtries into tone lovers'thing should be done which may be necessary age only half a cargo, we do not thii^ South of that section is regulated by natural laws, eren in these depressed timea, to loskferaaai -mise and conciliation the uponiaNorth. Every- to satisfy reasonable, patriotic and candid menknots,aomettiim^in Southern th^a few weeks direction or rolume, nattiral laws must first a Mr. ExoTZ BonascLL waa eondemaed tottiat theirthe Constitution shall be secured to them,politicians. To change its present current,Onlyrights under that no trespasB upon their interests or theirStates,eren to their own porta.attempt such an unheard-of absurdity, heraf*which reason andern Confederacies which aft to take its t^ace. trust and convince them that have paid for them in advances to the Southern peo-this matter, as a gentie breeze would in orer- tuming the Pyramids.their for the «f uniforms, apparently puipaaaaffotding'a little innocent recreation to flieit lirely nelgfabora. It waa in the very atUat afharmonions eareer of the Northern and South- If we have Disunion, we shall have War.resentingcargoes, havingthingthe North,-own suchple of what they consume. A mere fractionwayoccur to every merchant.laden with silks and the more expensive tex-tile fabrics, were to go to Charleston for amarket. Her cargo would be sufficient tosupply the State for years. In six months not be made to feel it. So tempting are the position, each sorereign wltliln itself. There cam haofBairdstown, Oglethorpe would never commence. New-York monopo-demonstrates,tliat no man In Ids seaaes wouldlongadvocate the laasln- many petty sovereignties. We skmU bein a coarseThere are two objects to be accomplished we believe obtains very widely in the South- and fresh. Her customers exceed a hoadred- kind usuany enables aU engaged in it to live but which is now, and has ever been, produetive^^have nsotved upon the issue of Treasury notes. freemen at the North in and der of the rich, and general anarchynelataat reports firom Kansas in reference to put jeopardy,the movements and intentions of Montoohixt have thus led to the enactment of the obnox- and ruin are certain to overwhelmcome throQgh the St. Louis Democrat. If is ious Personal Liberty bills. Fortunately, these the North as the result of secession,themarket in a month's time.Government to counterbalance these aUure- try) of all its people, if such a Govenunent eiisla,letother,— em States, the effect of the seces- concerningaslongas suchill-gottenwealth ishappinessto all itslaw-aUding people. If s^A aCnmmfttee o€ Ways and Means, it will be seen, the removal of those features of it which have starvation, riots of working men, plun- on his own ground—would .clean him out of hausted exchequer. It is the business of and oimelres have too much ran after In this oo^-wholefold the number that wonld ever find their riotouslywhileway to any Southern city. Her merchantswouldalwaysunderselltheSouthernimporterproofor unsoundness instance the so thatthat section for the gets paysells to the South.back theby Northern merchants and factors to theWe would also submit to Judge Sooscvilt the propriety of prosecuting upon the bonds,enoughorNow we have no disposition to underrate leans, but through New-York, over the inter- without a proportional share in the rentore. abundance ;" their interpretation of the pas-ThisAugvat, which did so much damage to sh^ipingon which should be made to aeeure the interests very great, and are likely to become still more business disposes of the great bugbear of" the these ressels, it is deariy the business of the They eren go so far as to interptdate the tostihaaAooattXetcue, in the terribleg^ of last This done, there Is one other provisionupon our business community. They atesimpleways, the equipment and dispatch of that commonly adopted in Christiaa poIpUa. 'the nottheaat coa^ It was the seventh voyage of of the South in thla mrtter—namely, compen- Jpe Rettm* to tba Arctic seas. The gale com*meneed on the ICth, and continued forty-eight sation for foch oftbetr.fiigltiTesas may be un- hours with the greatest violence, and caused the constitutionally "relmaed froot servtee,"about which Wall Street is in suchCity and its business interests, and to the and wUch the South are going to snatch away their responsibiUty. Men win not Ughtiy lend given, and they shaD bare abnndaaoe."; and all it^ eneigies are devoted, therefore, tothe defeat of such a prospectThis ia a season of the year when, asannot beis to be one of the consequencesof success;month, extended prirOeges were grantedem^ymentyear—scms is, perhaps, onefourthily used in the adjustingEngland.—Of the kindly fruits to come of the matterof down laying-raiboad trades aaiastheseinterestedproceeds"Savannah, or New-Or- nal improvements of that State and her own.statement of theroutine of sibleserious. Bat they are immensely exaggerated exchanges," amounting to fabalous millions, authorities to hold aU who hare in any way and make it read—" unto those vriio have thaby the Herald, greaUy to the injury of thetribulation, promoted the expedition to the fiiU extent of power of granting City fianchlses, shall baNorthern factors, forto tiionsands against the shipments, for the reason that the ist20,000#30,000ttsand in certain branches of larger.EngtandandtheUnitedPrinceit coimtry, is,constructing'dep6ta.isthe num- tion of their amount These bills are prunar-destroyedresultsof this they penaltyarticles thatenter fullof in TheBntthefer- EnglandortoFranceforwhatshewants,into princetosendforoar —^.^ sugar. "t^SbeftWi^!'^ballast, not by the fancy or speculations of excited to with Measure. Blood, after aS, ilexcited that the present movement waa inaogaratod, aai we hare reason to know that Ccon thataa-ment to the preaent it haa grown ia pnpiihnllj, whole question may be put upon such a basis manufactures to one of foreign. If she opened opportunities for rindicating the Anti-Slare- nntn it may now jnatty be regarded aa zfmtnothing—Ton THI CouBTg. ^The antral of theairaajtemmlswoiddfaava feet ftrt ency, bnt they expressed the belief tliat a new one not with the trembling imbecility of panic- reject all such proffers of peace, and persist in exports. The balance would never enter clear. The frigate Constellation, cruising off the English rohmteen wese aaziaaato a a ill woold be speedily formed. They do not seem to stricken terror. It is not the first time that a their mad scheme of breaking up the Govern- her harbors in any contingency. It would go the mouth of Congo Birer, at the close of Sep- the Prince's return. In mder titat be »»»g»4'i'r '* it too late to save tlie present Confed- baTe ^Nen any opinion as to the basis on which— through ment,accompli.IIIIIor confidence—if the South'and mustbemetwith firmness resolution,mwiM he constmcted. Personsar- great peopletheremayItrived at Wellington &om—ever been destroyed or materiallyThe construction andance of a foreign commercial system, underaand, signalto roimd to been baringrecentlytlie Southreporttheex- citeoMBttbaieasintense. AtCliadeston,ifwethefieryfurnace,^nor has agreatSocietyoftheitbelonged.mainten-sea;has been called to passbe no reason or divisionofsentimentamongtheby the shortest route to the parties to whom tember, obserred the Cora standing out tohare theof tiie movaaieat pleasure leadingspectshouldexcuse for adoubtastoours. ThemenwhovotedLiKCOLH in the North have just as much at portingstake in the Union as hare those who voted for him. And if they can agree upon nottiingnegroes.'The negroes were landed in Liberiamost bat Iflc^ ;plesnoruponpartyRepublican artictein thepeopleIn Wbat DiaionoN thx No one who has studied thewtft Union. Whatever the South may consider to tithe of the outgoing, would be a pretty ex- fected. On board were foimd tiie prisoners, care, belieres that the Sontitan Stetea, ifth^ be their peculiar concern in it, we can hare no pensive luxury. A ship or two a year would Wilson, Olsih and Fbidehioks, who, under succeed in breaking np thia Union, wffl Ana' beampleforsuchatrade. Theexpensesofim- oneBent;asmaster, were in charge ofthe oneoftheirownuponthesamemodd. Thafand the abundance andof the means employed, reduces the cost to the lowest point.Numerous illustrations of this principle willRxntz, LATHAjf, the owner and master of the ressel, was taken into St Paul de Loando by the Constellation, ; broughtsumption,perfection;capturedof American law.There is no apparent reason why they should then ? The States, of course, revert to their oiigiaalhither to test therigorusments with aU the terrors of the law. Men examine Itcareliilly ; if it lias aj^mroit errors, (as—and The proceeds of the Southem crops come must if practicable, be deterred by well- wbat human institution has not filet ns avoid them.wtiat I XamoneofafewwS* say.'legislation. It is the duty of the United from its inception, and I liave never slirunk from giv- States Attorney for the District, and of the ing my opinion when it was worth wliile. I liavavitality is to be communicated to our hostile;under which,was re- This busi-Oitt Fathbs.—Oar ea-and iffrom interposing for the re- country. The South, lease of the suspected craft, it will be clearlybetween States. Here is classin reward fsa their courtesy, no rea- inquiry in all directions, and we find nothing tors, in which are embraced the Western far- present moment furnishes an iUustration. It sonable doubt oan exist It is decidedly UgWe have made carefulannually.ug the day i the iniuiry for each ivpfOTod *U^y; the last censua returns gsre the following state> submission. The Southern peo^ wonld do these exchanges when the South ceases to «.d spectacle which, in no other part of the again befixe they can lay olaia toUntitled Documentbills are distributed among its Northern credi- of feeling which is to produce them, even thethe CoraLast Days orterprising Aldennen and Councihnen woaUseemonbediinent aad fflwlntkMi «t its iEnglish metropolis, the tight litUe isle.aad Theother «r pa^Witt a decidedly pleasant time befiwe thnri. aai aatheir return wiU be aUe, we an aore, to MMi'calls attention to Columbus Times, position that our Federal Goremment is a failure, and then pro-awhich first sets forth thesignificantceeds thus" The ' Federal Gorenunent ' is a failun. Whatiogin sowise men;judge yeever dared to think that Sepuilicanism was a fmibsrxandBaiboad Company to the pidilie treaamy af the City, while at the same tima thaiflwHMltg^a^'of Ojafile enlhnalaaabaifaf^,|^ villain.aayns Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com^y^-r ^^^^^-^'^^fSi^i.^'^-i^bt^^^'.^^.v- ii^^i*seiisii)iaet^iiai!.: ..-^ 