 11PPAIE8 IK MEXICO.OmrCitfofMexicoandMazatlan Correspondence.•renrccrurtoiOFTABIFTltLlf, Omr Cltjr o r M e x i c o C a t t a i p a B t o w .OTTorMexico,Aprilt»IWW. •warnilto of General La lego Bmtth a/ Jo* teu Pofori•Ad DmarMan to <fc< Miereto—WoO'i Somen* <;mdittan—tke Fane* Loam Impmaama vomwteraal QHdt1other and larger aarto of it. Nercrthetem, I regard my selfasrestatedtohealtha. Sboaid dyspepsia retura anea me severely, aot twotelaUy, atonid wrasmMoom eneae, land my famwy wiUbeooacerned lar m y braat. a n d * prompt, tolfaoasAwmica* at La Pas, mc., die.Tba moat exciting Item of news which I hare t_> reportWatiaSLfTzssn, James L e e , Algernon 8 Jarvw, B M. Wtdtlock, Charles A Lam(Hit, .oel Wolfe,from ail aoceinto, u guUy of sa attemp. to ad. ta liven cf some eighteen amoffsedtag end lanac-at psr eoaa, fcr ao oilier motive, aa I am led to believe, tbaa toMr 3|,naad pnaai. y etecatod ta Ike manner air ^ **j[wa» a ra«pa«ubie amertcaa, aiia bad Hred maay jBwrita ttio country. , ,_ ...^ tortiiLfcteij saade tbair escape tola Matamoras Failingptoctog them at Masat'en WheatbaNaramwaicreacbedSanB.aatbatowavaalaIbe bands of tba coast rvaoois, while tbe port was block eded by tbree ratal- vessels from this puce, eater coav maad ofCotonai Norton,aa American Of©wraetaa feeling agatoat strangers, aat especiaiy Aweneaaa,.was thaaIntensified Itwasatthislimethaitiepoorpaaaea get* a w e driven on abore amdog these hostile •'••J*'ann tba Maramtpic Tba uarmaute aai«i today jr aaa friaacoco aaa tne Oark.ua to-morrow for the asm* *•»• Ike (*i>sui sends a «ssjel to A anoloo in a few days,fortbacorresootioeoosaadletter bagoftheSt.Marys, by which opoortuaity Iwill write yon again ihw's aay-uzpenune, dectarlag bis tptantaM to b a n tbe place; aad bewasonlyprevented fromcarryingasjthisthreat through tbe persuasiou of Gam. Gkravajal aad Seaer Trevb o, bcth Mexicans.asanevidenceoftbecommandhaheldoverthatlaw-lets crowd, te gave strict orders tbat bismen should aotorinkanyliquor daringtbeday;butaahawasridingHisSickness.tbee* barberiaj;. tbat ta*y bad better securel t tl B e , e• ~ ~ igera aa there was a possibility of their .J*** " H r r !witb tb- uUiM Ibey too* **£•**and drta otd tome few of Uwm B ! f f r « . ^ - 7bat nwJ.v released tbem Forteaetely«a **»~*0 Teresa, aa amei icaa whaler, touched .a, and an */TM *^6meat wa* ma-ie to take all "»• asme P J ^ ' " * , ^port One o tbe poor fellows, named Jam-.W Noal, wFoUom.Cai , diod cm tba aacewl «ay afiar k t r n i w aGamnmemt—Bis (Petqueita'i) Aruwerto Ju%rt:~0$m- co tbe same for Werbiakl if b e sold s a y mare whiskeyduct oj Orm Porter of tke 81 Maryt— Fblse Powf ion of tke that day. Seme or bis niea clamored to him that a eerCompas^e?bis Death.His Treatment by the Hew, York Demo- craticVigilantAnsociauon,Sawae,LatterfromGerrliSinlttatotheEditorofpapers ascribe to *' bram tower," would be eured, i'tottr ramtocs coald brave tbe reproach of havmg tneei to a la aatieasylum. Hadmyfamilybaseenpaimiti—easagk toregarditassaore eiafdito hav*a ehweatdbeamUaa a diseased arm er fooltb eaoegh to partake of tkecim- aaen nettcn tbat it ta dafgraesfni te be tbe tomato a' aItt,etc atyram, I. too,*nouid hara been leftto eie at be»*.aadl. to*, should hare been pttbtithad aa beviag cu#d of •<brate fever."r- 6. I now syopatbize with the inwne as Itefore; and esntctoBy with those whose bahlue my owe,meo! a deeply pamlul character. Altheagh tbelasthalfofmybtahasbeenahistoryofrckaeam andsurgicaloperations(eight ef the totter), yetwasthe sum total C my aadsartog* to them wary smalt aempared with what I suffered to a tortagbt of my toeamty Da you wonder that th* lmagmary aaa sa awrpam ton realr LUrneaaanre you tbat BOM ef all the realities o' Ufa were ever ao intensely real to me as wore the teugte*. U.isofmydotimperedbranandthattheo>ep«at earaeatofS1hadeverfeltbeforewasbatafloctauoa sadbypoorisycomparedwttbtbat—irV'rtisiiaakiuii which bar new taken possession ef my whale scat.BinoeIb*returnofmvreasonI bareaaea tbat sorae newspaper ed-.tora and ether persona made fun of raj-u- vanity.Myonlyreplyatthatthevwouldnotbamdote*« badtheyknownwhat IwaaBattering,andtbat aaouit any<meofth-mbee-otn*aaeaae,Ishallaefoandtehare learned by tbe tbtogs 1 bau BffU-red act te rid d u e himcountry is "gone in'—collapsed beyon i redemption. Nohope lor it wnile in the bands of such a people. A ll ataaa my letter of tbe 22c alt. is the breaking out afresh maintained at the expense of the rery life-blood of tba sympathy— all legislation f»r tbe improvement of Mexico of aa old difficulty between tbe authorities and her Bri- country. These 3,f>uo men are taken from the working is as u tblig. The recent treaty witn the Juarez govern- tannic Majeaty'aConsulattbiaport,inwhichbarMajesty's and producing class—the effect of which isnotoalyto ment, or if made witn any other government of this skip Amethyst took a prominent part Had our amiable impoverish the country and people, but to infl'ctupon country, is nm wo-in the paper upon which it ia written, authorities been leas conciliating;, the probability ie that society a horde of the idleat ruffians the world ever saw. unlese the United States is ready to enforce the your correapondent would hare been obliged to write bis A detachment of four hundred man went out fuifUment oi its p'o\i*t-Ei, and, in doing Ihis, last night, suppcaed to be under orders for she neceesaiiiy as-eumes the protectorate of thelatter upon a battered bricic, aa from ali accounii there TepiC. Aiiotber larger body will join them in a day countrywould not have been left even a whole oneTbis woihd bo a haspy event for JaVxco. C*n the hotreft an 1 ineustriiusGeotte J. Forrest. N W thatcr, Anbur Ijtojy. George C. Cohins,the 18 per cent EogiKb Conrention debt—watch aamut(91bT,(Ki>) aaouid. according to Bis itiowog, ba-. a bu<-apaid o*\ of the duiifs whl'-h a-e beiui; callec!"-* ar tlisof tbia Stale, has also uoataioed many titter ailuaiob* to tbe treaty, aud in concluding a a ahor article upr«n the sur ;>-ct. a few days s'nee, Bays —"We would prefer to have every port in the recur-thecaptuie oi ibeciij of Mex co. si.llservi; g wlih bravery corcitiori of m y bram, it IB not at t j strange• nvi mar at Gdi»tmctiouf in ibe aame capacity, on tbe stall tba*, although, as my curse believes, I slept butol Gen Shields. These were tbe last of thai brilliant three bcurs a nij-ht durieg meat of that year (less tbaaseries nf bailies won by cur army ouut-r Jen Scott, which placed the City of Mexico :o ocr piatession. acd from tbat time to the cloee ol tto war, M»JJ; Rage serve t as Assistant Adjutant Gent ral aud Chief of Siafl" to c u r civil and military boverncs of l ie city. l'<ace being declared, he returned wr.n the army to the Halted Stales, after having served without iiuermi-wioa liom ihe be? LLirg u»tbe end of tbe war, and having received en ail occasions the nigbe:-t commendation of bta coa.niaiii.iiuk officer But alas, he returned with bts health impaired and shattered by the hardships auaex.usure of his campaifrcs, to much so tbat all efforts for his permt- Ltnt rtstviation have been ballleu. Suice then n e baa most of the lime, through choice, though in feeble healtb, let D cc duty; but tbe lUsidious malady (paimonary con- sen, plton) which threatened hlia, graduailv'iiicfe-c r e de tction. It w.H appdar tbat Northern abolitionists have Itngcrntenpis;<-c.awaro*races: thatpreparatmasforit bave been stow'y and oeliberateiy m a;e: that the reo-nt invatkn or tbe rV>utb was not intended to bean ieoiawbtchlbey had u aasume, and lastly, tae p-Ttitasity of \ 0{ the couienfliLg parties. This was a mere bhai. Still 1 the foreign merchar'j-in their demands for a remrtiocon ; be!icve that tbe untiring energy aud perseverance Of thethe dotaet. These demands, in wmcl the author ties oaictrsof ibe British rbipt ot war,m their eilorts Inse-their lnpoverahed oonuilion are compalleJ to COB e l e , cure large rreiglite, is, to a ccrta'n extent, 9( value evenrender them barely ante to sustain themselves much to Auienraa*. Without bctae such incentive to motion,less to pay large sums of miney on account of the extrava- we might, possibly, flad ooriv- ves neglected by ihu wholegance and rascality ot a defunct government or party. world. We aremaebted. Ithink, some lit ,:e to tbii smugThe capta-u. suppose-! lo have been movtnl to te%rs b y ghDg sy-eiem tor the trequeut visits r,f ber Majesty a too recital of his kxcedency's story of woe. move J oil to ships, aad^lir the protection their presence hascf these pernicifHis prtoriplet. ana Wr a»k j " j to relied, before giving tbem your endorsement, ui»on tne cajumto Tepu baa hac the oflect to quiet matters, ao- Tbe vessel waa immediately released, bai tbe merchan- to restore, to a certain extent, a prober degraa dise foond on boai a, not macifesiei or accounted for infcbuii most baunted and distre*»ed me, waa tna mytrletds and relatives in tbe bouth bebevad that I hadplotted tbeir murder. No one doubts tbat I got it from buildings '•tbo terrible charges brought sgaintt m e in the manifesto Oa this prncip!*, It if the duty of tbe non slave- of tbe New York Democrat'c Vigilant Association. For it holders of this country, to their private capacity as ladi-rent expensea tor two weeks; still, the military departmeat of the government—the most useless branch—isNEW YORK HEEALD, TUESDAY, MAY 22, 1860.-TBIPIJ! SHKBrT.Oa tbe |M» ma' we had 6r* Amertrjaa veseeis la port. in a part of b» vengeance, he robbed a drug store of r (t ttmeerf of toe expense, or tee reipoatiBUity, •> AtpreMatwe have tbe barks Emdy Bannin*. re * rtbi. »tat mcaey tbere was in tbe hocee, asd thee called forwhl be aeeotec. r4, I knew new , to a far grantor extant tbaa I ever knewbeforebowtoBBsracmtoawelloaaeu-tedauabc asylcm, like toatiB Utica Doctors Ctoaveiaad. trrteiataad Wngbt are worthy of their amoristtoa wkk Or e-arThetaatltirthmappearstometohecontrolledbywisdomBka, OBboard tae Tereaa,aad waa btinad atoaa He^mami Mm* Gabrime's CamimO—lt* /'(an of lgtui*— STrerr iaat staaea of ceaaumpuoo. perfect./ heJpleea. JorM-nco U$eleu-lTo Hopes for Her—A. ProtextmUe a larger crowd than ever at bis rancbe, nine miles fromfee rwMJaifi 4c dk,BUMmyletterto;onan lb*S3 laai wehart boeataruiekedwillenonueuaiamountofeisttiagnews Yas-wu m*£ofb"ra. farced to TM tb, gaoatiat."»«><"• Sought for— Veutlt Expeded—Bwinesi cf mtazaOan 4k. town, all tbe while declaring his mteation to rob aad•raywithaimoffromire-toanthousandmaa, whichvatswelledbytbaclergygarrisonofSanWehadalargea'ceraioctoourarmylastweek—soma 7obmenfromcuiacanandHanSabaatian,aadabout70 from Iiower Calitoruia—whicb swells our actual isrca Witfiftiitectlytoabout3,<X)6strong1 forynt lo say tbat a very S'gciaoaat movemeat is OB footnow,forwnatpurpcae1leatr*youtobetbejudge though*Is*urUiiMfithaitbelateotionistoform anew coe'ederacyhereintbeWest which willembracetba pree« otAaiee cf Saoora Chihuahua, dtna.oa, Daraagi.aadedbytheautboritleaoftheStatetotheexpedition.Pas- queira'aanswer—acopyofwhichhaBbeeniacirculation taMilscity—ischaracteristic,andverymuchtotbe point, the purport of which is thus expressec:—'I have resisted,from its begmxing,theoperationof a schesaa which was toiic-eiTtd tn a api.it of dkhoneaiy, and VtU coitustoreaial,a',allhazards,thefurther ptof cation oftijuihhaoL,el«bi!atumpttoplunderthepeopieaiidtba State <4 t*i'ti»ra of their just and inherent nithis. TheLuisPotuaiabout 2GOOmora.are at ooce. Tberopurtafmmuu^kijtrtaretoto*effectthaiVafla, Ogaaaaiaaaother noeraicoiefaareaoou:Uu>place«ub aoaae i ' ot men Aa a e bare bad no maua trum tberenib al) tb«»r artillery went over _B „ThegarrisonofSanLuis tau girea to I'rega alitbemeacJ»'aatummgtbeaggri'aar.gafoUom*raofI«-do., Manly. » « « « * « f . f r ; NValfaa deaalbad by biatoi»oar paataagert.aiaaBarfocWrPfoqimtra, tbe present autocrat of Soaora, is dotermiaod bora BtaanavUle. Tbe oUizeaa in the meantime badbrTl£Karamtmrtc.barJr.gooboardarmt.ammaaiuoaaidat ali hazards to raMst tba operationa of tbe party uader CaptStone•forthesurreyoftbepubliclandsofthatformed themselves into a garrison for tbe defence at the place,andwereconstonUronguard. Tbetownwaa fortifiedwith breastworks across the principal streets,tarda/ areloaned positively ofthefallor 6aaIn*Pot9*jMO UM hands of tba constitutional chief, General IVaga, •ameoxtiaw r€aa.r»aaora, aad chartered b» tba cboreb State, a short time sines be received aa order, which it and cannon were placed in such positions as would costtlan Hew YorkPstectpfo. l-BTBaBoao, Mayl.leW .and af Uaa sheeting of (iea Boa Romuia da la V*ga, taa partyhonored gtieat of tbe p'ace.Juarex, to permit tbe surrey to proceed, and requestingthai every aaaistance and protection necessary be cxtaad- energy was displayed. All tbe famllieB were removed the,lunatic asylum. During ail tbem months IGovernor of the place for too clergy party. Gen Uraga UreportedtoharealargeandwelldkeipUaed hi,*srwralattatsporta favorea io»tiU!t:»o, aad bar captala aa is atippoaeJ was dictated by Capt. Stone, from President msdjg) tbe main entrances. Patrols and night guardsMr DSAX FRJJSC:—This is my first tetter atone I tort I hareI am totd that ibe oaaaengtra i£tend ptoMCutiag aim oatinside cf tbe fortified limits, and tbe town was in ooastant dreadofanattackfromibeMexcaaa. Intbemeantime. CorUaas maintained a constant watch upon the plana, and atnlgbtdetachmentsofmountedMex<censwouldenter tbe suburbs of tbe place, and sweeping past the plane would fire volleys of musketry np the street—ia tbis way wound in* many and keeping the utile garrison in con- stantfearandalarm.beenasthebungnpIntotbatne'erhathspoken Sincetbesaddayitsmasterchordwasbroken. WhydoIwrit*myfirstlettertojour First,beethrough yon 1 can best answer the deeply earnest in- quiries respecting my health—its toss and recovery— made more frequently by jeraor * of the ciam who read yourpaperthanby personsofother classes 8eaond, becauseIprefertbatmyhratoommonieation iatbismy levurreotionstate,whenmorethanever1prisethetma religioa, should be with those who give tbe best evidencesfor taa paat week we aU tbbtk tbe place has taheo At perbapa Coabutia. Ceu Comon'ort, ex President of Meti m; meat >o . attempt to eaforoa your aemas>is in faror ofNEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS.TH« FRkNCB PBOPOSITIOb*-DIPLOMATIC NOTETHE RBITISn CHaRGK. [TratiBlatea from tbe itociedad of Mexico jTO of posarssixg it. I do not forget tbat many of 6 Ect for my insanity 1 should, qoJto probably, bar*laai date* Wo'!waala a deeperate state Be waa without mosey, aad great discontent prevailed among*l tbe aol djera whowire deaenij^ia great iiuaHwra Itisquite eenaitiIfGuadalajarahasaotfalleayetitwlUear»aoanb«U bv tne raroea from Moreiia, and eT-rytaior: btaa fair leoee for irmpulco in tbe vessel that taaea this. Gnrer- mr Cnpt biore, his party , or lor Americans generally Miramon'a Minister £enor Mux.cz lieoo;— rgetco, now lit New York, is to be the bead 1 am aot deal taginmorarnmorswbea Istateihattior. Vegaandother leadersanthisaidehavebeeninconsoatoommuaicatioa with Comonfort up»n be subject, and I know for a facttun tap«r (in ua that laomiit 1 pronounce agaic?.t you aia yourgovernment." Tb--inasplicableanduadignlBe! itivcnet o'Capt e\irter,ofther*.Marys,duringhiscifnttbem, even your good sell .nrlu-'eu, th'nk bim te be abeen pet ur/ou my trial for treason and murder, or area assassinated. Idonotstythisbecause,whenoacnoiag tomyself,ItoonuthattbeKawYOCKBKJU-I>bad,uohsg roj insanity, been mtoatea compasMBg my deato. Na bart ever panted after the water brooks oara than did that newspaper after my blood TbaTbefoDowin?note hastxea addresaedtoMr.Geo3 lrapoetfc >«i acVfral ottier placet u Uie 8o)w are aow that bis initiation to proceed to the Pacific at once w;i! n.iiDilii vtait to iiu&ymaa. has not helped matters mash Hatflew. Charge d'Aflatres of her Britannic Majesty, bytbat aa tba uiteuor wti, be occupied by tbe liberal* be- ror* tbe moatb oi July Mlramon is reported t-j bti great Iy alarmed, ana meDy nay he will leare tiere \o m«.rrow logooaacutbercan:pa*Qtbrvogb tuelaierlor. iorcus that left b t e only lour aa.>s ago to go the relief of Coboa 10 «>«iaja, bare oetro rtxailed to tbia c tyThe M * force 1 loan, already referred to lb previous letters, ta btag tnlotcu agaiaat foreigtmrs aa wea ts u% tir«e 8trotg proteeta have beeo m»«ie ibro-jgh a i m e foreign ieg%'.K>ue a/aioi>i tots most tofamaus 'vapiMi ,\vtiica raax>vibreaknatobringaowobailormoreoftbetuaall irauas m t b ^ city Already ae«eral abop«eepers havenorVegaciiiearsredtocbartrrtheAmerican8>'boon»r UPNavyIVpartiiiCcthascoaimiUedanoutrage NATO!»A:PAUOB,MEXICO,Atrri!21,I860Monterey, now in port, to proceed ta Acapulco, and there tiwto ihf bevt ictercet« and feelings of American trfn- Tbe undersigned, Minister ad interim oi Foreign Aftairs, ofthe Bible, refutes to accept the chUms of absolute au take tbe exasperated South behsve that the Bar await tboarrivalofGeneral OomoDfort;a smallerres 7>11>onitieco»nby itsappointmentofCaptanl'orterto hasthebonerto«closeto MrGeo.B Matbew,Charge bOTitywhichareretupforit:ws.m that,insteadofta* r»r's Ferry affair was concealed under my reef sal,MM Brevelidia,istobesea". YoumayichoD it 1 ofAffairsofherBritannic Msjeety,forhisownicforma liaaitrialcfthergbiso;humannaturebytoatauthority, matJohnBrownwastaPeterboro'lastspringtorsere tbat there !s someiblsg of this kind l)rew:;g, aad I have tbe p's Jioo of commaa er of a ve>sel of war tien, and beggicg him to place it before his gnvernmect, a butt an nature is useit the ttoal authority by which to try ral weeks, a gaest of Germ Smith's house; and tbatyit- did to ibt exigeniits of the Umea.and becotrvc In con kis »grt»' it at it * comtnunity ta threat ned wito a c >mUnited Stales government will gu«ita n their cause enw tbattb*yare:;retrievablvcomprr.misedw.lhthenoa committalpartoftkeMexicanpopiOationTbenewtreatyhassealedtbi-lrcau^ewithalargeclass. thoughIconfesstbatthestrengthithassec-e1oa•bf other hand from property owners may more than coun-of n ii p\ j.r th-o exclusive right of way from Guay toi'uieoo.(tbesatiit'asisiaoorporatrxliuMr.Ucl.ior"'smi. -„. .,—. treaty,)ag'e*U*atthesametimetopreventthetcrth^r p-r-pre'e<•!thebtone£trvty.andtoridbim(Pesqufllra) in a at lut..re trouble from that fou-ce Thisappacttlou 'ah.gitf-iu.V.e tc*aeaumeatvPparticilaiandpacu C»rchar•LEVI.I;.otIbeverypartyuewasabo„.Wsell, bo'}at.1to.iWe a. c Kao tr. learn that the government at Waablng tot bar ai last be-n maJe Ui uudcrKtand tue chaiactcr act!tLeui:x.ateell>ctsofthesuccessof thisgiganticmo Di.pr.iv upot. toe future interests of stouora, aaa 10 wttu i\'a*iroii. inefKMuf.ouithadaasuciej indefenoeo!ar. ptibt'C, ax J brtrig about a steely and durable recoccili- atsotiofMexcsxsTheucdrruggedavalshimselfcfthisopportunityta T'ileratevoMr.GeoBMathewtbeaseurssreeof n.*dis-that lour cties tn ihe pemts rtferreu tc is essential to ibis live.B-tnottomuarorwhatiftboigbtofaayowareli- X'OJ—i.t..i.s.inr-y..v.e.-.bshrejiareitrthere'igionoiyoar-acntbciewtomIhaveb*eucia£8.cpwithyou,Lha'. i c-jd astrong reason for ci.oosijjg yourself asthe properce>n-Handing ftfluew e , and Indisputable title to be Pevdwonteg?vetothatSatanicneedthewidest,faiest, s.T.steffect—ttwasthentbatIfeltmyinsaattytohave berothemostmeicrtiitpeovldettceiamvwhomb'iBtrtbeforefartherremark*onthemanifesto,letttere- turntorarooroetttosay,thatJohndownwasatmy bouse butcrce ia the vemr 1859,and then oeiy for a day andara'l HewasonhiswayfromKansastebob>m- liwaabs>customtocallenmearaitjourneyafromtfca eoe to tbe otbe r At tbe time of 1is last visit be was sick wnb fever and i n f , aad so deaf as to make eo» vers u.-te withbrmrpsitecirflcut Eewasaccompaniedbyayoung man wtomi'seo bim.aadwhomIhadnavrrbe'.>reBifM. rrieiB,wbrb,onceoommeac<:l,inuitJXItttoin thenilam«1«ntyorourmeecoantaThe'/*'•»*«»»bm.tit»sofwhichIscareyonfalldetailsantie'-.trj,tiii.at*gK 18course along Solar,Mr. Math«-wtastoticcccdtdinobuuu?anyreparanouforMr AI'X»srer: IBJ«SI'OT tiab'tac, B« a.<r»»a:s to tavur terbaiatire tbe loaa tbu8 Btistained.titpushedrei.sice»ail-'tMUN3ZLBUO.thfitit-rt)uitbeirar.i*otrkdenrjeanlouirag.. nateiy,*(.*areat».uttogetriaofth>montUsr. ssoii'liae'y go linen t» re tn the oomiof month.(jnu HewillTheliberalcause,asviewedfromthisfiis>!acc»,doe*nnt looken<«?iraguig,andhencethemoremei.:ttwhicr!bav> tuat a'iiceaWe hnve f.,..r American v<-i--c'.<< >• port Tbealoof,o<war St Maryais st.l at(iayaaas. whereeie.rribing i» nuietloMr.GKOSCBB M-TFt w.^cTie folloaing is tbe iiu'.o to il. ir Gahnac aJluJog to ia o*ison lo wrjtim to acur< ss ih.s letter, J-sua would have•itatcesel,'U'gedb}Liswcits Jlertquires at t) af•ra-hubibvcorworks Your works apprsve ' our religion; ann sbtretore col approve it—and nonethe it-'j prcnptl) soficorciaily, because I have to dttsentfrom sa.-meotjour rng^ocstlieones ai'd SLet-ulatioos Tbere a;e rcui j r t n . ve'V rei'gt'jos lu their way whose works wvertbt-'tssdorotcon.metidtherreogion IthickthisisTt»e me<:<oih>a ' Fxaland has beta uiei subject i>f *re*; dn^avBof i>.pt>m»t'< iatnt of 'ate Cibriac, wiu his usualheewj X>tswjraeddirectlya?a':n*t Mr Ma.:»•», not .vtbauniiiiij u'g tbntrucuots w«re most po* fcve to workwithhtm M-.itvxI"do,Mmtsterofr'oreignAtliira, ha*»i»otriedtoh-«fjugMrMatbev*;but1bete?iMr.cf Foreign AfTiits, has tLe brcor t'« acVr .w' e.ge tbe receipt of a note from bs ExcelUncy tteVisccunt de Gabnac,Kc .Aic Iatoe said note bit Esucllency ttclari n he has besa ustr.cte-l byh•»gcvernmenttoprepare, ic cocjanctlon withtbeprx jk.miaj the t'.aa ot Ifiialaai- a campromise, fiiia rof3«"iorjt,Threatening ^trm'df io»icr.i.cuaiif.the(iijiiityotits(icFittonasanation.plan*syou*i»yroTiot;(ora!orei|TEpriuco—athing rwjlievt^i to b«" tbe ooject of Senor Pacueco in COJl'ag to Me.i.to ai ibs l meghngbythe, British Vt^sl cf War~n> ?y*••<*% o ScneI W-• ba*. e te?s ttjis niorDicg from the Soutn of aom«'al Iegaton,anj aoorta tbe bas<s wh.ch are1sbocld be printed in pamphlet fo>m, aad intaeaewspar*rs BDd exlenstvely car^ulated, under the authority ofine- Hemor-st': Vigilant Association, whose Kxecutive Oeas is mittee eocustr (f tbe following gentlemen —Flint 8. Higgina, Isaac T cwaseud, Stephen jonason, Joel Coocklia, ScBuyter Uvmgttoa, J. F Soulte-,Benjamin H Field, Moeee Taylor, Royal Paelps,E K AlVurtiS,* 'lamT Couwnaa,John t Agsew, ,',•11'. r A g i Gto«ge Greer.( io<ge Gre«CulJert, John W Cu1ver ton, Henry YenY oungsFriciw Cn-izsj«s—Tbe community was throws iat«cieternabon on it-; 17th inat by the appaidag lat-iti-a convoy iea vert'sed to '.eare here for Vera i"r\,. on tb-» btb proximo, but il ta a i.uestlin if it will be nOrisioie l"i g9' it od It u g-ea a tar^n sum wui be atat, n'X.vi'b- a t a u j a g i n e a v , t M s * f o r w a v i n g i b t a n i j a r « A S S - » S » V I a tlaid it wn tntbeooten' trie K tb inst to put an end to Value to Americans—Seizure jof an ila/iiom Vetsti . "nr j irurelt. 'fee . c.e-al ''.ens under ilrjcez'TU defettrd the toe public calamities wtucn tte civil war occasions; re- Vioiatifm of the i-evenw T,awi—New from Sonors a:d ) Cuurch i&'ij si a ;'ace called Caxollilna, betw ia CJ'.I tort,OK al tbe same time tbe irttsi express acd carina'. i n a *-u i '.. Jiara. The i.ewrai ot the Jefeated parly tl»i ks to the government o; bis Imi»erial Mijehty lor the I reii.'nre "••( n.a («hvh wa» then 10 ihe hmid* of bis lively itterest axd affeciiooale kirdr>ees which a;esuo««uto tte mant'esto again. Here follows the first of its tr.rie newspaper columns Tbepretest occasion ca.!sf»r tfie republica'uoa ot to more of it.nohesitationtoeaytbatthemovementwouldbein messaiy papular among aU classes on ih.3 side of the mwaataina.tteris;(Hifr.jitiyistoowtigbtytoranindividualofbis calibre li*irjuiiieaiate predecesaorwasordered home lorro.'..chii.setaaawchargedasatnstbtm,amithewoadcr isthattaeliirx-sexerciseso much forbearancewithbis i«Mi*t:r»lar.->erraticctnouctasnottopreferformatcopy ofthenctewbcbtieundersigned,onthelltth inst, addresseo to b'.s Ex<»!lency tbe VlscnuntdeGa briar,F.BVO\ExtraordinaryofbtsMsjestvthe Emperor ottue>Tencb cemmoaicatingtehimthath:s Excsii.cry tbe!*re*dentScbsMuter*ftheRepublicacceptsgladlythe gt-CKlutliti8ofthe,^"rt•^c^govcratnent,exercised,iabar TXOSJ with the legation o* he- Brltabnic Maj»-s'v, to deviseibeBible,andwbosays,tntermssopainastosb^ofctbe prevailieg reiigmui sense,that even thisbock, iumn luieabi)cetto allbooksthouabttbe,sgoodorBad,right orwrong,sofar,andool;"asfar,asitagreesordisagrees withhumannature. Youmi?bt,perhaps,consentthatwbitthereanumberoftnemes*prorrircctasdlaaatag repubucaaavbitedhjm,andwereforday*iaaenauitattoa wttbhim." butttwaanotthiswhichmart*mefeeithat feewldedbadputmylife:Bgreatdatgar I rool.1aot ascribetomuchtoflaeacetothatbadsheet Itwaswhen 1badreadtbemanifesto,already referred to.petforth by thirty cue rxm of the city of New York, selected toWe have Ibis moment receive?"n»w»bywayofG«%- dasara(doubtfulsoorse)that\eraOu7hadpro- nouncedItfavorofItiranoa. insuchaneventtieoniy hope tbe l!bera<a would have is the consummatTH of trvsIt H slated Upouore—loveittbehetrttoi,co ana man—iliustret-dr>V such icve in tbe tile, makes up tte wuolo of *Le essence ofcbargts af aiaet him to the governmentaeqmieoi-, perfrct'y ruined. Man? of our beavieet tmpor- »ewx>nfwierary scheme, fr»r I hav» no id^a that tne H-evtr> beat a.out.ritj that be- ol'.red Pesquoiraa large mesne for p-.itrng ae end lo th« civil war whtco rr.as this U e t i e religioo But j mi would a-:d what I canhoi — the ceec, becsuse their vast wealth, b'gh rociat pesI w r o t o y o u l a s t , b y w a y o f A c a p u l c o , o n t a e l £ t h I n s t , since which 'ime nothing of any nterL-gt ia politics has W> are to have another mail on tho 5ta p'OSimo, occurred, tb< ugh there appears to be going torwarJ aj ' : i f t > ) * " J c ' . < E r a ' i n i r e f t m e r . a l l m a r m e : : a a d i t i s stall .i that U e c; nservarlcrS. io cou?e<iuence of this de- feat, wire II iKitjj prei-arauuna for an immediate ovacuathl: if 1'.e |..» :t-iru Te, •;- we bear that Loea 'o, once and atill thereist j taao tLat o cutting the ihruais of poor traveller?. at: aevomrlt>hm«iit n which itts well known he excelled.i o r t h e l e c i t a b l i s b m e c t r<: t i a t p e a c e i n t h e r e w a b l i c « » a e -I A.HT ASS-OCJAT10K TO THEill FELLOW CIIiZk>8 OF TT.K FTATK AND COVNTRT.At a met! :r c of ih e fxecutive Ormmlttoe of tbe NewYork Iamocral'C Vigliant Aasociitjon, held en tbe llto !r.;-tarj«, a cotimlttee w a s onasimoualy appointee. on mo lonof Mr Royal Phelps, "To collect the cteto.Ls of toe•UM j:er nut—j.ai four umets tbe amount atseaeed IU tbe taridct-rfsry to iia eccurt> an J well beiig. begs bjs Excellency to ac:e\ t, &c.Tne onrfersigDeU MCNO/. LEDO.ngttBut to rc1o*n to I t e object of m y letter and In'orm>our reae-ers 11 m j health. 1 am noi as b,axiewo/Uiy asmuny tlutk n e , lor tbe prostration of m y brain, Taey fwbt-a I Uop-j tj i»a able to g'.vj jo 11 mu-? 'eugtacned buopetAmeV ttt L'rmv.ju-'j ikt Inttrcd on the tiruuh Sanded the dis^otition of tbis la/ge number, aad 'lie ultima: eOmr .Max*tlam Cots-reapomdence UAZATUAS, March 11, i860.continual augmentation of the mii.Lar> forcoa oi the 'State A large body came in a few days sbc* frora the i-ter: ~r and a detachment from Lower California, awe.Hex iiiotf-rorc' tie bigoway, has tinned penitent—oflrring the t;!oiid (I his icvfrret as sacnhe*s enpiatory o' his many »•: 3 and other e7 ?* stekirj; to apptar>e t'uo wrath of anO b i t u a r y .DEATH OF A DTSTfr oriKiiF.D ARMY OFFICER.ceL.-ore m e or not having relaxed m y usual incessant la-bors ILty :~ay tbat i udcr my bodily diseases 1 fchou'.J tistrrv of tbe eflatr at Harper's Ferry: and, rr it provetxrwer Caiiforma, dcT>ec at Fort Src'tb, A.rkaLBae. on the 2f»io o».y of available force now at the uisposal of the Governor to l.ie oilaoeJ ! * • ; , (te bear of his oaving put to ceatb up- March last. Brevtrt Major FRANCIS Naxaosf PACE, Assistant Jf-attun AufXfriU'i Salvtwg OuSrituh Hag—Jfritith Skip number of3,540 men. Varices rumors are afloat asto war's cf liny t:gh*ay robbers rec<ntiy, f.r no eartbly Aoitiait General, United S'aiei, A-my, in tbe41styear ofbsvc given tip m y extensive correspondence, wrltuig for tbe piesi. public sptakirg and thecare of a large landed ts.au It iB,bv me WBJ,scmethiog to my credit that 1so tsr favored my feeble bealfh as nol once in ailthe 3ear 18aS< io go from borne to a pnbitc meeting, f reaciiy admit that I am nit blameless lor having been tbe subject of these diteases. In reefiect to tbem, Jesust* at there be any connection between tbe conspirats.-s oid any politicai body at the North, that sun of mroev beappropriated to dtesemmate the facts,aad U t'ske'ttewn to cur Southern brethren our utter coadsna- i a'.ici. of tfce itistigators of the movement.in accordance wubtbis resolution, tbecommitiee,en* s.Eiitg of Mcesrr. Watts Kierman, Royai Phdae ant 8btU~Mov***nu i4bruisli i'erseUof War—Spent i'mui?- aignsoftbeGovernor Wenave no eaem eate rer>eior T.iv. "til, oreorthemost teautiiol ti.wns intheworld,bis sge, leaving a devoied wife aad tour chilarrb, and a large cumber of attached relations ant! friends ta mourn bis oeatb. Be was a son of tbe late Mann Page, of tbeor two, and the whole artni , under thdttoveroor him-seif, poorin tbe whole town. The story us a ioag will follow immediately. Ibe story is that an triort will portion ot ber people hope ior such a con»unimation? ai:ycefendediheoft;and,forhisconstancyaadgalantarres Olwel',B N Fox.John McKenoo,i F.in attempting to protect their interests irom the smuggling l.beral party of Durango and Ja.isco. lo capture Guadala five vesfceie We are coning lor cue from China, one propensities of her Britanaic Majesty soiicla's and feib- lata, and if successful ;n the attempt, tbey are to march from Vi.gland, three (rem California, aou a host oI smaller iects. found it necessary to enter the British tonsillar?, in for ate.i,co i'reparations are oiaking. aiso, to cut otl the ones from the coaisi jj>d troin tbe gull We are also in October last, by force. The authorities were right in tneir supp.iea from Topic and the interior: a flotilia, under Ool. hopes or havcg a isiearuer down during the cour«e demand, but unrortunateiy were a Utile indiscreet in their Nortec, will proceed to ?in Hla.= ia a lew days for this o! two mo;,'hs 1Lave hcen asuored that means bavelie was in the noted tattle of Monterey with his regi mtntini.cn Wortn'e u'i\ son.»^.d shared in the bril- liant Miccets which there atleti'led tbe operations Ot tbat acoemphahed officer, atd for Lis bravery and meritorious services ourmg these operations, atd in tbe battle, wasMyfriendDr.Jones,ofOnondaga, was.atheB&CJ-Con- gress I well remember tbat to my remark, tbat I was so afraid of fallirg in the sfieets as not to dare to wilic them without carrying my name and other informaTbotapurpcae. These arrangements are stlil in embryo, whe'-e bet u i»-iit to Caiifoi ma for ihe purcbase of a steim yacbt, ctibfequeutiv promolea to As»^iant ACjuiaat General, QKKICof enforoug it The "p«hot wa« that the mm-nan- it's coial all improiiabi*^ tlie> may remain for month* to built tor aa i xpicta steamer a few months since The with the rank of Captain He not loos afterwards left der of the Amelbyat receivedtoroers to u-ciaua eatiafjc come. " 1-arge bodies movt; siowiy." Th:sis a Spanish Pirougeat eflo-la Were made to rnutt the Mail Company in .he army of Gen. Tsylcr, with tbe troops sent to joinGen. too,which«asiirneeatne29thot''as',rnoutn.?b* prove:ii.aaduasahapi'.vauaptauontoMex.cajsanwell tbeei'terrinre Ifth<yhainoboatsailed,theymisled I'i'tatVeiaCruz,andunderthelatterGeneralactivelylion in my hat, his quick and wdty reiiiy was, "Such . uoe that a ic-moabie outhr, ak, beadei By Nonhern at>oiiUot%te, had broiten out at Harper'^ Farsatm'sci'on askM w-se a psconiary indemnification for tbe Insua inflicted upoa the house (anttu^wraon>o.'the Caa)..i.ardlor:t:<!,u8iiUtoih«-Brt»hgorervmenta salute ef twenty on« ?t;n*. to be tired a frrta. o" tae Otaas Spaniards.The diBCUss^n of the mc-iit.- o!'theMrLane treatyisbe^iriiingtohemore general,»m*1am diaposn:to beiieve with more * feedrg, toan * a s extiiiited on the anoiniLcem^nt of it> couiplet <>u Ine >'.nv ue«sit in Lot bui'dtng o.-e. Sixty thousand dollars would have i'acfi asu>ner, ustsuchas is needed, on the coasi, wtiichwouldpourtherichnessoflb*partofthecountryparticipated in the siege and boo-baxdmeat which forced ihe surrender ol the city of Vera Cruz, with its castle H e• as in the bsltle of Cerro Goroo, with bis regiment, asfail."I always was alarmed enough and prudentenough to recuce the laburs of my bram in ihe t'mes of tbise admcoitory serjsat ocr 1 did so when in Congress: sod to tbis cause,, among others, was it owing, tbat 1was to mu. u more of a talkingite colorec poj.ulaton cf the South to take m arms sgaiist their masters. It resulteei hi tke sacrifice of vali able lives, and tbe cestrctcon of private and public prrperty : out it failed of success, aad most of these w b o arti.'e.y parccipated in il were skua or ta* B pnaoners. Had tbe expectatiens of iu leasers been ma- ntled, a pcrt-ion of tbe t*>uthern States would now be eni»f the offictala. The point o:""pecuniary ioaeciidcaLion Feenueira's ctilcal or^an especially. His organ, the has bt-en aaboiitteo to toe c vtl uibuna! This 'i-.iteas ini Star ry Me Wtst, in a tale Dumber, b «up;»o»ed to bo afl»tr was scareiy eatt « —the adthr-nues rtiil s'martuag ex^reseing lhe Uocernor's own teelicgs in regard to the*u-<.L.f! ibe tirBl oiiiccre withu. the lort ofthe enemy, which I bad bi'Uerto expe rienred totb'.cg, wa* its fnces- rtBB--CORTINAP, THE BAMJIT—UIS H1TKK1* OF fcbor'iy alier ih s be received bisapiomtmetit o! Assistant s»nt companion and chief signal My head feU wellAMLKIC'ANS—HIS BLOOUTIUKdTY ACT?. ETC. Ao.iKiant GcLeral. and being aasigueti to atuil duty, thus and m y brain worked easy. Iir Grav, tue aoovrio- We preeeni the subjoined brief history of the cause o' ooniu ueu to ast in the advance oi the army upon ibe city tenctntof the asylum, believes that even ;u toe tirst netfblood, rapme and outrage which it siJtens the imagma ton to owe), openfbert lived and contracted in locality at tbe Harper's Ferry rebellion w a s , such deep a c d encoring results f>r enod'or evil, crnnot fail to spring from it that it is esaen ual for ttery exmtervative cttixen to understand Us tree import. We- therefore request a careful perusal of the follow'ng outline o! its histiry. and tbat every one who i '..rushes the p' aot and welfa-e of bts country will pootruaiy, when ituidu'ges in the tohowug: —'-In the unlock-wila impunity, although tbere were indictments againstof cootdeooe aad security business has also rmproved, any shape, was taken on shore Th« Consul's laterven him m both places for murder and theft In ISal he bin ring of New London by tbe British, and was a pupilthough it cannot be aa it should, v. tule the roads torou^h tbe interior oontin ie blocked up by bands of arm*i m«a. Oar cosBmuatcatioa w i n Imnngo aud Topic, and of course Guaaalsjara and Mex c o , remain* interoeptea, ouid v. holly ucaa>e for busmeas or travel. Tnls is a emu. ion •t thtigs tbat is mantenouslyfeltbyeveryonedotng buainesn ia this ctly, as it is well kuoau that Mazaiau is the great ettrrpL* and tbe great market for evtry chara^ ter of foreign mercbanckas.murlere d an American in Brownsville, and ihe indictoient is LOW on Hie in tbe Uistric: Clerk's rfflce, together with luu indlctmenis tor stcai.ng cattlo The Sncriif. hownver. waa afraid to oo bis doty , or else interested in some way, atid instead ot arrestint! tbe crimifla', he was frequently s^en waikipg B'm ir irm with him about tbe streets; and pott was m katsm:>;iu with tbe oflicars of that manici paiiiyNo opportimtty offered for Cortinaa to malte open war upon the cui^nst ULIII alter the troops were ordered away from l!rowi.gvil'e, and then the citizens foresaw tbeviduair—without asking ihe permission or waung th* movements cf the government—to go to tbe rescue of tba slaves from tbe bands of their oppressors."Ibis duty is so self evident aad natural a one. that who pretends te doubt It, should be regarded eitbnr seeking to evade tt or as himself a servile and Ignorant slave of corrupt tcttituticms or catfoms'•Boldmgthesecpittons,weproposetoactepoa tbem, and w e invite ali otber citizens of tbe Unite 1 Sates to .iota us in t h e enterprise. T o enable tbem to judge of its feastthe following programme of bllity, w e lay before tbem th« fofiewinr rjrofTamme ofk, ought to b e adopted, aad treasures which, w e thinkwould b e successful :—"1. The formation of associationa throughout tbe eoaatry. of all persons w b o are wiilieg to pledgetbemselves publicly to favor tbe enterprise, and render assistance arid support of aay kind to ft"3. Establishing or rueiaiBtog papers to advocate tba enterprise"S. Befusing to \ateforany person faranycivil ormi ittarytffioewhatever whoMnotpubliclyconuaktedta tbe enterprise."4. Raking money and military equipments."5. ioinainganddiacJpliatogiuchauiUtorycnmpaaieaM may volunteer lor actual s e m o cwith tbe prediction that m y atoknera would result tn agreatly improved condition of both body and brain. Thispredicticc there ia growing reason to hope will be veri-fied Certain at least is it, that I am restored to a far«igber degree of booity health than I bad enjoyed atficeI waa attacked wrkh typhoid fever, tt seems that Ibad to sink to tba very bottom before 1 could gatoa impetus upward. For tbe last six or eight weeksI bave net suffered from dyspepsia: and from tbe "8. TbencourageemigrationtotheSoothofpersonsfa time I vent to the vylum I hove had ao palpi yoring tbe meveabent.lation of tbe heart It at true that my nerves ar*not "9. Whan theprecentor/ Brellminartoa shall haresumorabatter.Jhav.n^liaaotogaU^toataka^, ^ , b«t will surety give yen the points aa t*r*^2!Ldil*"if'iaftareortbra*eftba,adx-twedbtttokfaanwatsofuru' aad havKf assuredol wboaa ka hadwould b e taken to their d<by tb* tto««« " ibark ataaaiwho baa tn* tet santety' aajejtM that tbey bad bstter tb* except!* of two -owe af wboaa a* bad satstoed againsther wti—war* fareedt» seek protoctton of some mghtd«liberate!? stopped back,and drawing his revolver,shot at the Maianal, but aa the first shot did aot injureThim, he fired a*am, wounding tb* oraeer in tbe shoulder to severelythatbefell.interest to tbe public schools and was a warm advocate for any meaanren which would advance tbe cause of .edu- cation.iadtaaa,w h otaen held danBits,list of the men wbo were to be destroyed. Tbe jail wastsr as the property of tb* steveboldert and theirabettarsUon waa remanent by the capum. Upon a careful tn vest gat.on of the aftair by that officer, it was round that itie cenuuet oi* Captain Manly, personally and aa oom - mandcr of an Amertcab snip, was such as to preclude the possibility of any cflioml intenerence in the matter.The amount of property seized and clearly liable to cociisca'icn m about %:,50o—»ome two hundred and a>.xty fourpackages,manyofwhichwerecontraband. Tbeau- thorities have behaved v>uh the utmost courtesy, asd but lor the lar.isert lions of Capi. Manly tbe whole thing would have been settled today According to the laws or theol Nathan Baboll, wbo, with his arithmetic, was 'on* stneenumbered among the things tbat were. Oo tee 8th dayof August, line, Mr. Avery took up bis residence at Belle-ville, on ibe Ohio river, tn the State of Virfriuia. after alotlrome journey of 8tn miles he there underto Kthe ar''uoin task of early soitlement. He was familiar with tbe and therefore that tbe one utag woich I needed wasOur bOfciaeM rttiauocs with California are extendisgvery pe-ct glibly T t o prospects of some speauy arracga-maat between the ratted States government aad country, casca of tbia naiure are tried either bv a court row. The Mexicans 6.-c*me moro impudent ana aggresromantic iccioentsic tbe life of Heiman Biennerhasset, ardhisislandparadisem tbeOhio,anatbestrangead vet tore of Aaron Burr connected therewith, r.f all of which be was personally cognizant. About tbe year U30, through the kJncnees of Benjamin Butler, decoded, who married bis sister, be was induced to remove to Chenango county. New York, where be hasBinoe resided Mr Avery was twice married, but bad long survived his children, oneof whom was a midshipman in the United S'ates havy with Commodore Rogers and Decatur, and died in 1818. B e voted at every election for President since the foundation of the government, which actwas performed by him with a religious sense of duty.PIMM:FRrMEinj Goix, oneof thebody guard of Na povonI.,diedattberesidenceorhissonin-law,Mr.Jos. I'lcrace, in Newark, N J , on ihe 18>b inst, at the age of ceventy one years. He served as an officer under Na benonduring mostof tbe Russian campaign,andwas 'eiaineo as a prisoner of warat Dtntzic for tarej years. His regiment returned to France after the campaign, uum- bering butseventeen members He wasa Free andAO-sleep. Be si creedcd in getting UHISOmuch of it, that In afortnightmywIMnesnwasgone,tbocghinthefirsthalf of this lortBtgbt I sank to low as not to know one of tbe persons tround m e , not even m y friend and oollege mate, F. A. Wetmore: io low indeed as te be apparently within a few hours of ceath la another fortnight I required no attendant, aad waa removed into Dr. Gray '8 family. Three weeks more, acd be brough me to tke home which had always beea, and which was now (ar more tban ever, my earthly heaven.1 am prepared to say that oa the whole I do not regret mviosanty. Tbe fallowing are among my reason* tot tbis coocbtsion:—1. Dr Gray assures m e tbat but for the shocks whichEaatened my downfall, or but for others, which mighttba general government of Mexico, or the doubt- ful rabheation of tbe treaty, nave todnoed many rrosa Oaitrornla to try therr tonuses here. Wa have now Urge aumoara of Americans amongst ua aaekmg oecapauoa or utveatmei.1. I a m afraid that l b *baa money would ban and*»J>eTen at tadsearirday, eoansean'Bk.- -cempoeed ot tbe principal Custom House ofiicers or by the Sive, and not only oerrtea on these robberies, but tbey civil tribun<>J, aa the accused may select. If lbs matter ccmmeccec klljicg people *bo were supposed to haverxoi ey. Many perec-n whoare reported to have started for Brownsville with cocsiderable sums of money tobuy catiie wub, bave been missed, and until the present timeKaramnals, aow J?g:^£*tB.of bail trie, should coaccsn mat toa aa*7a7i»'*-*A«~-saw the srreet. and walking up, ordered tbe Marshal to Master {or Venerable) of i'Unlon Francak Lodge, of N ew release tbe prisoner. Mr Hhiers refused, when Cortinas Yoik city. After retiring to private life be took a geeatis allowed to come to an issue before thtae courts, nothingbut.the clemency of the Governor can save their proper.ty from couuscaticn; and Captain Man!., may thank hisstarsbisshipwsanotmaderesponsibleforhisacts, here nothinglaknownof theirwhereabouts. Skeletons haveaa well as lor those in San Bias Hau the poor devils, whom be drove on shore at tbe latter port,any means whatever to proseiate him, ba would have foundhim- Stifindrliiculue*ofanothercharacter. Batasit«as, they were usable to do more than to complain to the Consul, who 1 understand advised them to let the matter reel,aattwasuselesstogotolaw,particularlyasnoneof them had mare than enough to maintain themselves a fortnightbeen found to the prairies and on the chappard; but the bocies couid not be idenunod. People at Brownsville are conversant with enough to know of fifteen thousand dollarswhichtbeMexicansbavecapturedintbatway.However, wbea tbe troops left then tne crowd at Cor- tices' rancbe began to increase, and be himself |rew bomer in his designs. To precipitatehaplans,«• tbe 13th if Juiy.leao.he brought over to Brownsville one of bis m m , whom h e made drunk. This m an com- menced a seriesof violent actions on tbo public square of that place, which at last attracted tbe attention ol thebaveoccurredtothatend,Ishouldgradually have gone JawnaBkatra, and will caetuae to do so, at leant untilobtainanuiuoui oouune some permanency butbin across to tbe Mexican shore.this proceeding he was nourishing hMpistolaad tbe citizens to arrest htm. After tbia event heinstitution, be pursued a coarse that ansa aad mat to bisfellow citixecs. batever BMlatainad a character iictarMBbed by the slightest blemish. He waa a liberal>it entirely composed, aad that I abould fear the cense quenceeof venturing into scenes of strong excitement. : bare not dared, since any return trom the asylum, to spend a night from home. It la true, too, that there ara even yet bageringlet m y ballrxmaoons. For initauoe, I bave net wholly mesed to feel surprise wkon persons showmemarked hmdneai er reaper'—sodeep, daring Ihe worst stsge of my insanity, waa m* sense of my utter unworthiness of suchmaxiifeamtioRt. W/lut is tmhavstent in my ease is, that I bave to avoid lacking bank apoo tbecient'y prepared the way, then to land military forces <at numerous pott to at the same time} to tbe South, wao tnall lake the standard of freedom, and call to it U e tlaveeata such tree penvnoas may be wilting lojdtn IL"10. irrmanctpaUonshellbeacewmprtehedonlybyas- tan) bottitStea, then, as all toe tows of war, of nature and of Justice will require tbat the emancipated staves shall be compentated tor their previous wronga, wa avow it oor ptrprse to make such exHnpeneattoa, so^ «only «sWta"reco?ntoe itstn-2lll^?e _I?p ?_~V afterattacked st once and tbe prisoners released, altar killing found respect.into m i <»i« a» n » t ••« it si tall uf darkaaoexmpetsate tbem,aad weavow ourlatetUoc t* maks taoea tba d*t»rmtuiioa to the sAvea beforehand. Withi mo ibe ccfitia oi the prcjextors.There is money in It.AcjutsDt, seivag with Gen. Twiggs' division, and was in then thicking men.ber. But toe dyspepsia, wbv.h ovgaLH kam,wereao«gWa^tor -**^J«*J5 tamel could nciitotrici Anorney, oneor two «*r*J> ?~1 iy ibot TbePiatiGFBRIT SMTH BEDIVIVUS.His First Public Effort Since aad most probably awsoraefui treatment tor lis nrotecfaeamseas,wer,aksasomght or,battbeyhad aeveral otber oMhssas, were Bui ww»* — jREMAINS OF OLD DELUSIONS.and tore. HowandaretbeeSeetooftoepopulargrnjilaaiasalr-upt rttitionaaga-Jiat lunatic mytoms! Devatiam a largeshare ef the scholars, statetm-s, aad men ef vast cow tum~ 1k'etUened PrcnuwiamitnU) ^tpxtMut the Liberal deliberately horsewhipped tbefeliow, aad threat'Bed to The New Turk Herald UU-t ti meretol operations, whose neothaattheirbaoMOthe BOWSUiitigoftatorcMocoar^ ^ ^ ^Maaarua-i, April 2,1869.past UMstore of a German named Werbteki, he saw oae andilhasaoea asceetaiaeJtbal be(Manly) * *"f*'~ Paquetn at War uUh Juarez m ta*Sttmefurreagtasi- i<tbtaeoifJ'erBukingadrink HerodeintotbestoreaadUnitedStatuGmtrninetUinReyardtotaeSort'".'of8mo-ra—aTsoamtir l<ar.d SpecvlaUtm—I hi eat af the Conjeraa-dort Hear G*uUih'jar*~-<lchma E$acuate&—Ertc*t(0*cf tuMxrt by a Rvbber Chief—Deplorable Condition ofthe Ctry of 7epic—Other Interior %vm DUt>—L"riilatt*n ville oa tbe 28th of September, he aommeooed garneringtautamerioaaoughttobeshot,wbeabetamedquickly upontbe crowd aaddroveevery oaeofthemoutoftba low, aaytng tbat when ba wanted a man killed be wooid cot need their advice.toit" * * * * * Ibe UBc'ersigBed has ranch pleasure in repea'iag t:oo tf fore.)!'.speculators, who were smart enocgh t» to bis Excellency the V*r--,uni de Gahria.-,, En- aecu'eli.-'i-<«tritthegovernmentottheI'mteIStates voy Fxtraofdmary, &c, that ire government ofbe law;str.that it Is t-^e ol thotu wnanavote sOppisitu**—Pesqueira,Oppnttrtow J.)theProvisions <fv. it />)>-• nwnt—More SrnuQ to evie-ti ttenit-elves at tae (xo-use s>!toe interests of its ibe rcpub ic accepts tbe good efltces of the Impeor n ec gui'iv cf e<.koowlc'gr>r ibe worte crime of sUive-i> io be aw v»tre .leeut, again en tbe earth, he would,icsteac oi prasirg map-stn-tcs an'! :e g tiaiors for re-pwglrg tte fugiuve Elave inio the borria pit of slavery,andn*»esdolpresngthevoterswtovotedtatminto(fl.ee, be lar more idte io say to tbem a'l ••Yednlkecede of vourlaiber' korooitr. it wo'^id be allthe( swr whMber tbty fbou'd or rbculd net put in the pleard<oisutttota!orothernecessity. Tbeonequestionin MANIFESTOOFTHE NEW VORK DEMeHRATlC V!(,I- bie coutt ia, not what is constitutional, but what Isgiimy—WttnUrnrd Iuml*aTimen'. of rJi< r.>wn l>/ ine invasions to fear, i^sado. the gnat terror, has fal n is at the eino tm e the most nuforiucaUv. like a ccutty of Gloucester, State ot Virginia, aod great grand- back on Teptc, where he remain*, a^d where he 15 i-buttiecv't, ste is klc'tcd about without mercy, son <-tGovernor Page acd of General Thomas Nelson,suiaie upon the ht'isiiog of tne il*g. Tnis >iiut papers pubUhed on the coast, and the Span.sa aad Ger-waa conoedett, and the (lag sautei ac:opc^igiy man mfluevce, are league.; togeber tn a crusadeontbe3<1:t*tiE«,greatlyu>them>i"f!ic»uoa againstit6oroeotthepapersareverybitten/opposed, SKKTCHOFTHEFKF8ENTWAROFTHETEXASBjup;- tionediithereporto<theconmanaantofhisregimeatastiicbiliousinvolvedinthem,f&ipitaiicaofheart,of noraneeagainstC'viliratH*,mvolvicgfearfuldeedaofAFFAIRS ON TIIR BI<> OTIANDK.ihe beighta an ' lortifjcatioiis of Cer/o Gordo, and is men- uoneof these sensations, and therefore by none of the ad- cer the scourge of a hideous upr SICK of brula'tty aad .gunder tne humiliation vi the day previous —when anotbiraheil 'rom tae A.n«-thygt rxpiodtd :a tec c*rar' or the ed lor evest ot tb'* treaty being carriea into etlt-ct without the war on tbe Texan boiders, with an account of Corti o".Mexico. Ho was in the batt'esol C. tir':as aud Cheni- of the year 1859 1 bad come into tnat stage or characterthe approbation ol the gt nerai Congress Sunora wdi be tmsco, wub tte brigade c.i ire ictrepiC G»n. Shields, &erv- cf lxssuity caiied ••exaltation of tbe mina. 1never real, poor :.o<_raU. scattering e luawuaUon in ail iirect'ons. tbe tirst State lo oiler hcraei'as a sacnlice for the ia- oar-, ibe Mexican bandit, w.iose bloodthirsty and :cg on bis sitatl ea Ast.!Stai;t Adjutant Gt-necal and Aid,Tbm uu<. was in tne form of a bci'ic^ae doc'sment iroce tegtuy oi our territory, considering it as a giortou6 death the comasaadasr of the frigate, demanding a s vMy att to fall iu dcftniitg her rgutas a rree Stati. ' The Qpi-tlameat ot tb« jnaettied balance of awrmrit ifi fa»or of nune ctf. tinal a. the organ of Governor VtgacowarJly acts for a scries of years have rendered him the terror of peaceable citintus oa the Texan frou'aer, wao have fcullerer! from his robberies ami other overt acts.This m a n CorticaE h a s long beeo a resident o; Cameron county, Texas, and report lays he Is a shrewd aad daringtnd was brtvetted Major tor p is TaJiatit and meritorious stuo'ed tor wrote with more pleasure. To speak planiy, 1 baa never ro much confidence in m y powers,port. ThefioverDor. in reoly, appeal.-o \t tbe generuaityof the rapum— itatea lo him,or po»tr»yed, Uie lldtr»j.,. j lie perp'iuany olockaded than lo see one foreign Soulier fellow, prritr.pl, secret acd resolute. Ilia mind, wilb truean avenge o> one bour a night durirg tbe lanthree weeksbefore I waareasoveu to the asylum;, it snouiu not occur ten one: that Jit active agent* v.ere guppLed with moaeyac>8a.:iL>n of public affairs, the neces&tr o: maintaining a lar<e lorce to repel invaaion and preserve oner tae aumerooa pecuniar? obligations of their predecessorsto me tbat so serious an tijury as ihe loss of myieasr>u would be the penalty for cmtinuicg the cos-tomory use of m y brain. W ba', tu„L^n even inwarm fummer Bights, I frequently could not fallasier-p until my cold feet bad been runted and bottle*rf hot water applied to them, nevertbeleaa Twar. in too in-toxicated and nappy a state to forbade e-i! to myseif.Hby the dyspepsia of 18a* sad 1869 affected mv heart andpredtcee not uncomfortable tenaatioos to my beac. I am ta F which WGCM tiuw from their adoption not cipable ol explaining Physicians can perhaps exfcL»t,oi,*«i oa our »otl."t >t ^taipJ that her Sriiaamc M i n t ' s ship Amethysthas reeec. ee another condui la from < n.a la.ajara a s d Mex kro. She'ltft bare abooi three weeks siace, Oottcsibi? to protect ihe intoresis ot foreigners from the-de4>redauoasMexican faith, baa long bai bored the most violent preju dices against t i e Amen-acs, and :'. h%&been a lixed belief with him tbat he cou; 1 some lay so annoy ihe Texan people IE the va lay that they would voluntarily retire to tbe eatit bank of the Nieces Thepart'sans aud politi- cians hereabouts, in order to win the support of ihe Jteti- can vote, have frequently admitted that the Mstnicai frontier ought to extend to lha'. river, and this impres-sion o ves much of its areva'ence to the speeches aad pci vate conversations cf Governor Houston.aad arms tiom Ihe Kansas rVee State fund, aad by sym- pathizers m the Nortn; and that the doc 'meats exposing tbeir rules ot toture action, are founded cpoc tkejiruici- n>s laid tiown in the speech deli»erej by ihe Hot wl: I'tra B Seward, at riticbe«er, on the *i6«ti of O^ober, 1F58. You will be called upon en tbe Tin of*^>ovetnt>er next to aigaiiy, by your vote, your approval or rejecuoahan Blaa, where be ia aaid to have gone to prevent auy ofl'ered ail foreigners dnriDk' oir present troubie«. Actuated by such feeimgs aad prejudice*, il has heea bis constitution and terminated hi* lite. Bat it wast notbegan, I bad more or less of -.iro;«y .that, tor two or three Qontbs beiore tbe dropsy I had ty^uoia \ ver at«o moet '..sirefgfiil neutalgta m the bead, ana mat iiiterme^iaiely 1 suffered greatly from derang-meni of the kjdn.-ys.A false alarm, one marnmg, whilst it did bat disquiet tbe ctber members of r.jy tami'; , q uta overcame m e The news, a few weeks alter the death ot my old aad cear Irien i, John Brown, and his twosons, waa a great shock to me. It contributed not a little to has- ten my conoition to its crisis. Only three weeks after I wtnt down under a troop of hailuclna- ticns. My family were reduced to poverty, ""bey were cast off by tbeir frienda and tbe world. Tuceewbohadputtbeirpropertyiut•mjhandsbailost it. I waa bound in honor and justice to go to Virginia, acd stand by and suffer with my unfortunate friend. In- deed,itwasonlyfrombelieving thatIwasnomywayt> Virgixia tbat 1 went so wi iingly to Utica Tbe idea, how- ever, saymyfamily,andmyownmemorysaysits*iao,organized some time ago, wbieb adopted tbe fcPowvng pan for tbe ar>o!i'icn of slavery among its frviadei. were Mr. John Browr,, known familiarly as"0#*awato mte'' Brown, Mr. H Kagi. Gen-it Smith a s i many others, some oi whom, aa bat been revealed t ab»eqneatly estab Hsbed subsidiary associations in different towns and cues ofihe country.uWben a human tetog is set upon by a rob ber, raviaber, nnTterer. or tyrant of any kiss, it 's the cuty of the b;star.dors to go to hit or ber rescue, by force if need be. In general, a<tha»g will excuse men in tbe Bea performance of this amy, except the pretsnre of higher duties (if ssch tnerebe), mabiny to afford leflef, or too great danger to themselves or otbe is.•'This duty be.itg naturally inherent m v i x s n rela floes and necessities, governments and iawa art of a* anihority in opposition to it. If they iaterpose taem- selves, they mutt be trampled uader foot wtth«rt cere- mony , a s w e would trample uaeier foot laws m at woald forbid us to rescue m en trom wild beasts or from burningion the part of either party toware's foregn eat enter tag tbat port.I*unng tba past six montng itie amethyst has visited every port oo the coast, wnti* toe St Marys iias been rot ting at her anchor in tbe harbor of i.uaymas since Sep- tember last witbeut mov ug a cables leDgJi—her men disoontented, ofiicers ci^gustaU, sh p fouling, Americanthe object of Cortmas for the last nine years ti attract aroncd him ILo moet desperate cla«s of his coaotrymeii; aud he has succeeded in Ibis by giving them sipport ami by maintaining many of tbem on hie farm above Browns-alone aa a soldier thai Major Page w a s entitled to esteem: for l i s private cbaracttr and relations w»re no lets en• viuble then his professional career. Possessed of a natu- rally good mind, it had beta well cultivated and stored wub varied information; yet he wasmodest in tbe expres don of bis opinions, anu frt* from <ogmatism. He was warmheaiud and benevolent in bis disposition, refined in bis feelings, courteous and polished io bis manners, and frai.k.jiiat and honoraoe in bis traasacuc-ns A S ata* itoulla aeat down to that port some urns since returned UJibis place day before yesterday, having failedto retain pcaseisdoo, tbe coaaarvadors, ow) in numbsr,having come down from Tenia They uow hold twop iru interest|on otior parts ot the coaet suifcriug. and n> at- ville. He so arranged h's ranch tbat no prrson oould oa tma atde—Saa Bias and Manxami.a but 1am told taattheydonottaierteie wubvcsaels uaderaforeign flag.The Pytades steam frigate at expect* ; ta a te a- weeks from I'aaaca. for which port she left some lima since, with two aad a half muttons of dollars, a portion o: which waa to have been sect by railroad, and a portionto be transferred to another of ber Britannic Majesty a vesaest Tbe P returns ia order t> arrange the unsettled accounts 1 have aire ad* aUuded to wito tbe goverument. aad to pick up more silver dollars, for by that lime i-e merchants will have com jleted their annual collections.Tbe return ot l.oaado from our immediate vkinitysecond place, which w a s cotnphtely hidden from all In-gressor access to the Texans. Thus secured, be engageJ rjusband, lather, son and biother, he was ever affection-tempt on tttr part of her commander to improve the con- dition ot bis crew or to benefit bie countrymen at other ports—even the representations of tbe Consul here o' the exptsea condition oi foreigners curing the Ute excitement failed to move himTbe American bark Naramissic, of Orland. Maine, from San trace eco, was seize l on tbe loth Inst, by the Custom House authorities for alleged irregularities, or, as it has since been ascertained, for an attempt on the part of her commander, F. J. Manly, to smuggle a large amount of merchandise ashore, tither at this port or in Lower California.approach it without notice to him. and then ho had ain cattle stealing, which he followed with dating siwcetsate, kind and devoted; and. as a friend, ne was generous ano true. In his death tne service has lost a gallant and accomplished officer.in the character of a stock trader. The range ofhis robbcriee knew no limits: for he drove o'l cattle from bothsides of the Rio Grande, sciliDg Mexican horses andbeeves on this side, acd American horses a n i beeves ontLe other.He frequented Browrjpvllle and Matamoras all the whileGBOHGB I). AVEKY,(». Y ) J\»ie». was corn at (colon, in the State of Con net ticot, August 19, lTfio, a n t at b's death bad nearly compteiea bis 97th year. He was a colonial subject of George the Fourtb, and a witness oi some of the exciting scenes of tbe American Revolution. He witnessed theuOuairnewsfromSoneraiadowntetbe23dinst. Everyquiet, tot it is stated tbat Pesquelra is more de Cty Marshal—Mr. Shiera—wbo arrested him Cortinas cepiea Mason, and tor several years waa tbe Worshipful"ft. Detaching iba noa-atovebotdera of tbe Sooth from ail alliance wttb tb* s avebotdera, a a d indacmg tbem te co operate wrtoh us. by appeals to their safety, iaterest, boaor. juttice and humanity.•—• tbaaevertopreventtheprosecutionoftbeland surveys anaer Captain Stone.treatlowerCaittorniawehave dates to the17tbInstThe saw Governor appamtod by President Juarez arriveda*1*Pasafewlaya eiace,froraVeraCmsvia HavanaaadPanama batIunder*landtbepeople ofLowerCalltorn* will notteoaive bimotuciaily, though every attea Cortinas then mounted his boras, wbkh a Mexican led LIACII Bartiord loses oneof her well known and muck re •sat aad kindness bare been paid to him personally ap tohim, and taking thedrunken Mexican behindhim apeeted citizens. Fora long series of years be hash-sen**** aay they prefer to make their o w a laws and aooaini, _- - their own laws and appoint be rode doarn to tbe river and made tbe lerrymaa poll tbe President of tbe Pbeenix Bank. Aa aa officer of that•<?. Informing tbe slave* (by emissaries to h* sent amongtbem,orthroughtbeBOOslaveholder*of th*South) of Ibe plan of emancipation, that taey may be prepared ta oo operate at the proper time.During tbe wbaie afinMsumorssandatbisfarm,gatheringhMband mindedandusefulettizen,aMtoftn*nsady,liberaltotheww069w.fultonhistory.comAfUrCbrtinaa b a i been penutded to leave Browns-were manuined, and the most untiring and sleeplesstinabove:—The uLCtrsigoed, K.liste- ad i- trimAn American named Kennedy wae eViot oeaf! at La P«7, lls^'art wrc-Dfc aittmpted UDOC tae rights of an iaoffeuatve Legation o! net Briiacnic ilaj--tJy,aa arrange uieut but ween ii'.c of theNew Y o k Si*.u Terxpfa^cs ooo.^ty m en, who seen nor beard of. On referring to m y alary 1 Sad tbat! lastveek b\adeeper'a-'o.wi»owastakenini8a>taajr>«taixIneaui)male lvookingtothefuture,itwou.Qhave tbetwobelhgirvctpari,a,thebasiso'whicheb«uldbe, aretocrxientnedayg-avt'j ,ifo!\;cgthatItisahigfc t>rtt>ata*Iito!joiicytoliuceplacednearlytheWhole "ibeatticiustonofanarmtrtice,duringwhichaNational c;metol-wtsecramtbeps,aiu.ea thenexteagerly St.vomthetaidsotafewsp«>cuiBtors Intheevantv'.a ASfceirV.yshallbetleciii,wbiehehalldeterm<uetbefcm v^tiigfort'-amstopmseiuratesacdle*".flaiora 1wn-jUibethe;ut.ciar.(1s—govemmratproperty—that a;veiixsttoinlernsio-ga^zat.oawhichcughttobegiv-ja votelortzn guiliyofainosledgiLgmurtiorto mykuowledye. rtepoblicansmayhavegivesbioimmeoiatelyalterthemurder. kuitiAv,March';?.IHLCdur**gtbeirflaytomyhousaDOpersoss rWvel it excefrtmvwife'spieieraadheryoungchildren. Itepoa 1c-isms'vhaveceacoctedplatswithJohnBrownBatV tbej did it not ur-Or my roof, oor anywnere *!*B witaMaiaewuacer.iiL-.aibt:rmodeofatotdingstrungtueyao not wwn to ot 1i-ot<r* you hsjrewtUi IIIJ c>rre- InLtrate of the. MUit^ri, Fura of t'o> S'ase—Ejpedtiw c-ierWoo. i it. r l>y p-rchaii? or by cr oqueet, where ot govpri,m'Et to be impostd il.entivtly ODthe cocatry. ib'iik ttat this wT»id be tree of tin e who shouldspoodetcewbicobalUitetipisx«jptottii'iCimetoo LbRaubject Tb.»corresposdence incalculate.!togive yo>: anj'bmg h it a oortec. idea of whut It '.s a.iao.xit1Tee CLI O". ike l>'if L - » in: be test nr>tEir>i{ will i.j a^^e.OfthatNa'sur**" TheClergyhavetvectiliUiuiofAgainttlrjri;—Combine'i Aft*:upenc7i."tal»)ira—'7V wL'chjuri;i;>;ewool1havetheripbtlodemand from JfcLatsTrra'y— Kctkrig Ayii'^l V /rvreriinj—p*irttr- c ,ir l.ii-ia. * ii'i-'Luf' V\as , ia ibe haxds of an associamt.ieja atitven arms Butfcn*verknewfromwhat penoI>», except my neighbors and myaeif. be re.v.iTta n-i.ejs,and astoiabeawas I at learning, after tb; oo. ' "loc at Harper's Ferry, tbat the armF of tbe Kaaaas f errmittee were it Virginia, I bad not for years nearl arvtbicg of these arms.could notsay of me, "Neither hath this mansinned nor I M.Barkw, sabrBit'f«J, at a meeting tbat was ronvtoed UrtiuK—&m hiu Tr utles—Busineu I'rospalJ— Rda hkeiy to hold out unites anv-u from It '/ frtui ti,e TD.a.kguard It a worse one, until there two of tbe mest dtaiineuiebed. trusted and honored pa- b's parents.'' I ennfeas myself guilty of hiving sinfully i n ihe 26th Instant the fottewmg address lo tbe peop ettmi wttA C<iiifofma—Rue <tfProperty— affects „/ the the liberals from tLid place The wonuer .a, is r.-atly ccthlog Sett but a lot cf deserted triots oi Ihe Revo.ufOB, whose memory he had been tremtjt—Lamt Spr uwtft m— Brutal Treatment <f an then, tbe tnceasant efforts to increase the army, with hou,* s nod a few wore of beggarly Imt an?, whom Losado taught to revere, scd whose patriotic examcle be desired iCaptain loaards MsI'aite+geri—M- <n>usof scarcelyacenttothetreasury,anaaoproapects o'nay Cijiiihes with thetitle ofsoldiers. MoatofherInhabi- to imitate l i e graduated at the West Point Military increase cr improvement for seven or eight months to i rauts have lied to other part,?. Many are here iu exile AcBCeny iam!841. and s en after, as Brevet Secondviolated the laws of one of tbe bes>t constitutions ever i. r consideration It was unanimously reeolved thai itgiven to man I have overwvrked meseil.Fcrgeturg thai human powers have limits, 1 forgot tothinkthatIcould notdo allthat 1wishedtoCO. Bitin Aftto Cunftthrmcy—General Cummfon :<> be come. Tbe money received for autie^ oo the reu^nt and penary Tfp'c however, ii not alone in her misery; Lieutenant ofthe Seventh infantry, joiaed tbe army in a world where there is to much to do that few are found*W Okt^—Mmtemmtt m Ou Pad/c—Murder of on Karopean arji.als has been expended; aad the email her prtstct appearance is but a reflex of the condition ofamount yet due them, or expected, will not pay the cur- e»»ry in"-for city and town ID tbe republic Tbe wholei-l.i.'ida, then prosecut ng the Semtnole war, aad there re maited actlvelv and efliciently engaged until its close. Alter this he waa'atatoned at tne miliary pott at Baton itcuge, till ordered to Texae wttb bts regiment, among tbe nrtt detachment of troops, in anticipation of war with Me-xico. On the commencement cf hostilities with Mexico be marched wttb tbe army of General Taylor in bie first advance upon tbe R o Grande, and from that time foi ward to the end of tbe war,wasin most or the batt.es on both lines and greatly distinguished himself. He was in Fort Brown during its memorable siege and bombard- ment, acting as AtMuiaLi of his regiment, which, withtwo eompeiiies of artiller j , farmed tt«- garrison tbat so heroicoo* I«titsutticet»saythattheautaori'.^s,bomale,inconjunctionwiththeolderleadersoftaeWhile1write,'heteiegraihannoun<i^theapproachofceirJductonibeoccas.oD,wasbrevetedFirstLieutenant.wbeiherIshootobaveheadenoughtamakeheadway.the advance as part of the galiant force which stormed tn the fail of let* Bird cotitm i.! a year, was atten-lecl bvrecentlydeceased, sayst b eOxfordTbe Hartford Tama says—Inthe death of Gaoax»very poorjudgeolwbalconstitutestbetruereligion,whogunwhodarestodoubttteLcvaeinspirationolpartswaimaaifestwheni'sooiirmnswereusedatwilling to do, it it not always eacy to resist the temptatioo to overdo.For a deson years before the last, I had at times (uffeted from dyspepsia—tiieutgh b y a o meana a s severelyas bad many persons of my acquaintance. Mr suf-fering was mainly tn the quick and strong sympathyof m y bead with m y dyspeptic stomach. Ver-tigo and other most uncomfortable sensations— Reuben Wither*. L J W &a i f m y b e a d w e r e m a d e o f l e a d , a n d n o w a s i f i twere made of cork—were among the products of thissympathy. Never old I suffer so much i s this wise aa vt"benIwenttoCoegTtas. 1didnotventureto take myseat tbe first week, and when, a few days alter taking it,1rose to make my first speech. I wasps'nfnlty uncertainthings in scur hat are or themselves caatgh io make you iy, in Virginia, with tbe avowed oV-jeet of aroaai^ooiir.ucl m iheee cutits, an1 be was m the bard fougbt aceJ was never so egotistical. I boasted that I cnnidbailie of Chepu'U'pec (where be w«3 wouOC.edj, and at 00 more tban at the age of forty ibis being the (i-r over tbe truths its teaches betore votit gat tbe comingplain it. when tbey learn tba; f^r nine months before it It baa been oiscovered tbat a Central Assecis'isn waateinsont—ibocgh, of course; I have no distinct recoiiec- tiOB of it—tbat I continued, unul within every few days of my goti g to tbe asylum, to look over tbe newspapers.As soon aa Dr. Gray learned my case, be decided that sleeplessness was the proximate cause of my insanity;d"own uBder" t"h"e" preroure of m y bodily diseases and mental labors into a hopelees type ef insanity and tospeedy death.2. Dr.Gray wasaccustomed tocomfort and cheer misnivel L M Barlow,int^ttl I nab*savageb:tteriy oppoaad to all and evwrytotof I •»* aaardarr was oantmstta*l sa bman11 _ _ ! . _ _ . r H °",n«n«hofU*tiBjoQth , uabeardo' la a Ma^taaTt„..%"? "**y * * * * P^aspttturJeUntitled Documentuuti tbemoreJigcfthe28thOfSeptember,whenbebis fsmoris attack on Brownsville with 180 men. i l k soldiets scrroosded the town, and each commander had aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13oooranddistrassad,aadalways fkraanoat la antorpr'ses >r general public uttnty. H a h a s Iliad a vaJasahtoVpnoe m tbe blsiory of this city forth* nasi fifty rears, a n d b i ne mory should b a cherished b y a w citizens with p r o 