 (BSWBOW1RTTHBATKB,Bewery—EniAU-AJraO. nu.—Two me«WAf«a«—p.uusea o»A fiuti*.fUBATHl PB4KCAIS,No S8S Broe4w*V.-U TAMIUX LA«aaai—LA IfAMIU*.f>-ai||W. W.,*>iqf-|Aji«*i.r^jlllowc^teen*,wewantgoodgovernment,andticing;bewaselectedthroughadesirefor prizefights,caninedifficiUties,rsthS*at*Utcrath, pnid for.result as the landmark of a sweeping ref^olu be entrusted with the administration of publicJK>JOh PMUtUVeXXV ......If there weae an;p satisfactory evidences a t wit* neatimd,e**»pn«M aodde- band of a spirit of union and fraternity be- tween t h e two Presidential factions o f the de- ,»o. «oa mocracy in the North, w e might be disposed to fight oat the battlje with them against tbeir common enemy to the last cartridge BatEKTIBPKISEEMII.mi AND ASBBICAX JorBXALKM.—Thf fulland accurate description given by telegraph inour columns yesterday, of the ceremonies at-tendantuponthePrinceofWales'receptioninBoston,musthaveconsiderablyastonishedandexercised the local press there Not only Were neck with a very long and a very strong rope. all tbe proceedings of the day, including' thegrandmilitaryreviewonBostonCommon^re-generallytobefound in ignorantsawn aceas* tomed tobefed with flattery." He wascom- monly a tory nod devotedly attached lb heredi-•"-jpNEW YORK HERALD.*"prood cociety'' of New York showed tbit they of the disruption of the republican p»rt/as it| 0 K P O » I R R « •t'Tt.W. in thematter ofthe grand ball But, singularly BtHTOaANDPBOnUKfOlicoax** o t itnvnnt U 9 BASSAC if*. j ranee ana the lenat jcaete of all In their manner t,,of receiviBf the distinguished visiter.MM I* *•** Ml" *»«"*•«#<rmxind<u««A»erai*iea'»TB* UueetfonofLincoln's Atfmtntatra-the Country ty deatmctiea.We see tbit a great revolution »upoa us,about bim. 'Subsequently, the Know Nothing differentcandidates,andannouncetheresult partysprangupVfriththeir-masoniclikeor-|ofoneofBerkeley',orderintheseventeenthto our readers W e have themeans of finding gaultfatien, fnsignlaS, clubs, dark lanterns and century, "his chief pleasures ware derired from outailaboutthem,and willprobably enlight- soforth,buttheydidnotlivetoparticipatein field sports andanunrefined sensuali?). It en th e people about several Of these aspirants a Presidential election; they were knocked into was very seldom thai this country genUeuia."IfD+U.T aSAAlb tmo P. tl> 'WgMMI.r BXIULp, .S>M»ir-J')v,Of rix amuptr , flelu. 'f<cW«T%«M$pPs«sWr*mWmimmm;•'tte«w-*ii*iu|pui«ii«uMI•!•i•>eWjtM~••Ova iWuea OoaiiseroawM'fi i n ter* from Springfield, Illinois, which w e spread fAtmcouiMLt BaavseTxa 10 Sauu AIX l a m u ur» FMK- before them this morning.»••«••••'•«••»••••*most trifling matter, butwould deem the com- tions and torchlight This organization, whichAMUBXOirtS THIS WVXHING.IXKkOt aASDBM, Broadway MA^i AX» BUCK Xreo See.** .OARDIW. Broadway, opposite Bond street- PiXAatnNBMBAOA.what are tbe facts?republican majorities in Pennsylvania, Ohio and I: diana t o b e accounted for, tar exceeding, astheydo,themoatsanguineestimatesottheseemstohaveoriginated accidentallyia Con- necticut,isgottenupbyalotofofficeseekers, every oneof whom expects to be handsomelyi Btwionis Bones, Bcamwoaa,D3.AJiC*o.*C— SJSStKlUMlH.mMA»«.CABfntOTBT BCSIC HALL. 683 Broadway -Soaus, OAJICU.Bc*iJJKJC»,**=±r=TKIPLE SHEET.•lew lorB, S«tnrt»f, Octolw »0,1B«0.Tin \»\v§.Tbe Prince pf Walei! and suite yesterday visited and Breckinridge factions are lighting eachHarvard College, tad examined all the objectsof other, and to destroy each other they btve All this has not, ot course,been accomplishedsaw a buffalo a mile off. O a his way home be the charge of trickery, duplicity and fraud. I t made a silly speech knd told sojne tremendousInterest a t that venerable teat of learning. They shown their readiness, here and there, t o carry ptbmqofintij .visited Moant Auburn Cemetery, tbeir powder over to the Lincoln camp. In thisAt all events', starting from tbe initial point attend the Convention until a late hour in the of Lincoln's election, these Springfield lettersSIS 6085700 Tbe result has proved direetly the reverse of then agreed upon, which bad been submitted to 1,276TSamong his own people, his accession*tothe Arrowsmith brigade m a y deceive some cre- dulous people o n the other side o f the Atlantic. Allthatwehavetosaytothisfoxhunting phi- losopher is—go your ways, Berkeley, g o yourOld Tammany did not notify the delegates to*.... 1 02696 what the London Post supposed it would. S o bim, and pledging himself to pass the constitu- 71714 tion through Congress if w e would insert thed s yThe Columbia (S. C.) GuarfHan, noticing the her people into open rebellion. His Cabinet,evening.suapentiionofdiitountbytheStateRankofNorth Carolina,inview ofthe "troublous times,"says that l a Charleston, Augusta a n d Savannah, some [of the banks have refused t o discount cotton draft* f on New York, payable after the 1st of November, and adds, "This isthe first fruit of the 'irrepres- bible conflkt.,"South into submission Instead o f exasperatingministerial advisers will be selected from such mostofthedaywasoscupledinempanellingajury ^eo^servativemen as Henry Winter Davie,ofby personal observation, it has notasyet mend- editsmannersorexhibitedtheleastindication of gratitude. W e can afford, however, to setthe checks and balances imposed by Washing- tononanunbridled democracy.Aninstructiveideaofthechangethatwillbenight tbe BOWSarrived atChicago I denounced itinunmeasured terms."AlthoughMr.Douglasdenounces and deniesasserting positively thatMr. Yancey wasofierel is his presence,inaroomatBrown'sHotel,tbeVicePresidencyon tbe ticket with Mr. Douglas, and that George N. Sanderswasthepartywhomadeoffer. Hewindsuphis vail letter as follows — .Aftersomegeneralconversationabouttheprospectsef S Douglas and of uniting the party oo him, Sanders urged YanceytoaccepttLecfierthat-*dbeenmadehim,and, asanInducementtoacceptItassuredMr.TanceythatDouglas most die within six months after his Inaugura lien,andHutthenTanceywouldttMvtthewholematter in his power.In the Court of- General Sessions yesterday the&BrotherbyHenry Karples,who wasconvicted oflarceny,andIsnowintheStateprison.The jurythattriedKemmeistein disagreedonaformer trial. The case for the prosecution was opened in tbe afternoon, and will becontinued this morning.onethingdoes itappearwillthepolicyofMr. Buchanan's successor b e radical in the extreme, and that is hie policy, in reference to the spoils. On this point, from all that can be learned, '• Old Abe" will make a clean sweep, and therehadtocompetewitheachotherInthetamelo- cality.thelatterwouldsoonsinktotheposition now relatively occupied towards u s b y t b eland.thereLiberty;'' there Bunker and Breed's hills rearThe case of the agent of the Westchester Houseagainst John C. Heeaan, the pugilist—being a suit will b e " Wide Awakes" enough on hand toalltheworkwhiletheydidallthebluster.long closed by Britain's King,and Portland was burnt b y h i s troops; and y e t there, whence the fervor of revolution poured over all tie old thirteen colonies, the reception andadieutothePrinceandhissuitehare beentins point He savehedoes notdistinctlyre- collect whether o r not h e communicated t o Mr. Calhoun the result of his interview with Gov. Walker, and thinks he may possibly have writ- ten him on that subject No doubthedid.to reeoyer compensation for expenses incurred by keep him from falling asleep ever this import the person who ci*ims the relation of*wife to the ant duty cf dividing the loaves and fishes.THE C irrTICKET.—In a little more than a fortnight a ndefendant—was takes o p in the Marine Court y e s terdsy. Afullreportofthe proceedings maybe found inanother column.The representatives of the rrreit Atlantic and Western lines of railroad have been in session at the S t Nicholas Hotel during the pa.it two days. The meeting yesterday adopted a uniform tariff of freights for the Western roads, which, it is believ-This programme has the look of a fine morn- election will be held in this city for variousthe various lines.Ins oeuoa market was exalted yesterday, while a spe-culative feeMeg prevailed- T oe setae were the largest madefcrmonthspast,andembraced10COObiles,closingb y t h e B r e c k i n r i d g e p a r t y , a n d s o m e b y t h e r e -There is a meaning in these events which willnot be lost upon the European mind. Theyprove that old enmities a r e forgotten, that o l dcausesofirritation have been removed,and edthepeculiar modeofsubmitting it,whichmiddlingopiaads. theflowmarketwaslessactive,and priceswereeasierlorcommongrad*sofStateandWest en. Wheat was less buoyant, while sales were fair,not take place without a shock and a Some of thenominationsrecoil. What t h e Southern States will d o grogshops, some i n coal holes a n d other darkthathereinthepopular heart thereisaloveforEngland's liberties andEoglands wealwhich is far stronger than the friendships of cians are so notoriously mendacious that noSaks moderate, dosing at rates given ra another column. &!§*» were Arm.withsalesofabout -v*>bads ,at ratesAXirr HOVXMI: iLieut. Colonel Merchant has been assigned to duty withgrvea to Another piece. enbetasdeposedtoawaittbesdreatoftbepublte'salstoprevailing idea appears t o be, nevertheless, thepolicyofwaitingforsome directabolitionpro-servative names from these differenttickets.Coffee was Arm, but quiet dealand a spirit o f friendly emulation.may portion out the continent of Europe as they choose, b u t here they cannot come, a n d from here may goforth the moral power,and4*d,,eaffeetteaat*d. ToLondon,wheat,mbulk,i at13d.andflouratas.7;d.aSaed.Entertaining this belief, Mr. Lincoln hasthisoperation maytherefore save themselves happinessof England, andthe freedom ofherTBE PBINW;or Wauts AM> HIS HOSTS.—ThePrince of Wales was fortunate lit some of tberublic functionaries into whose hands be fellduringhisvbittotbeUnited States. Mr. Bu-Z?** Grow> <*>*««, VanWyck, Bingham, cbanan received htm in Washington laa man-Mutchins and Lovejoy, of tbeHouse, and tbe oer eminently befitting Ida own position, and advanced abolition guard, the Kinase Zouaves,the friendly cbaraoter of tbevisit, as intimUed the Dred 8aa» s a j s ^ a d iidnenrta faoLtheparty deserved tobe crushed,andItisnow onlymeetingItsdesertsr , 1Anovvsaaash Berkeley•* Aaerlcaa limi- tations.EnglandandAmericasecurestbesafetyof Webadhopedthatthedayoftheutterly stupid cockney traveller—the Trollope and Manyatt school—had passed away—that theTan PKCGUAJUTBES OF ran PRESIDENTIAL English people were becoming better acquaint-]ew.^-« WhiteHb«oby ^ ^ ^ ^ S S ^ ^ ^ ^crowd, and spoke from the Oourt House steps. forJeflbrsoB Cityto morrow morning..——— Mr. aaJteer** Bo. emewte.Be leavespolicy upon slavery will be to conciliatethetal C,KSTA*TIXOPI* COaai-L (.15XSAU8HTP. TheapplicantsforthepositionofConsulGeneralat Constantinople are very numerous T b e administrationtoo,willbemadeupofNorthernand'Southern men, andit is probablethatMr.Seward,in-verydifferentfromwhattheyhavebeenaccus- tomedtolearnfrom ignorantjournalistswhothehistoryofGovernorWalker's appointment' andoftheinauguraladdresswhichtheGover-steadwill prefer th e mission to England, in order, likeMr. Buchanan,to be out of baim/sway tilltbenextcampaign. Mr.Lincoln'aSoutherno fgoinginto t h eStateDepartment,ing, a delightful ship's crew, a fair breeze andoffices—for members of Congress, for the State Assembly, for seats in the judiciary, and for countyoffices.ForthesepositionscandidatesareWill it be so?end. Mr.Lincoln'selection asPresidentofsomebyTammanyHall,somebyMozartHall,that were possible, anything that has been else- where witnessed. Even bloody Bunker Hill sent its sole survivor to take England's heir b y the hand, bidding him welcome here, and God speed to bis distant home.human testimony, particularly where ihe wit- nesses are politicians, w e think that the truth probably is that Douglas was in communica- tion with Calhoun, and told him h e would sup- port the Lecompton constitution, with slavery, provided only there was a clause for submit- ting it to the people; and that Calhoun, being outnumbered b y the nonsubmiseionists, invent-some b y tbe Bell and Everett men, some b y t h e ed, will prevent competition in business between opposition to the solid vote o f the slave States, Union men, some b y tbe Douglas faction, somethe United States b y t h e free States alone, i nNEW YORKI^EALD; SATURDAY, OCTOBERJ didnotknow*bowt>conducttnenaielvt'aatall, stands,andthelossofonewingortbeothertohis administration. Should tbe F >uth hold o u , * enough, th e gentlemen in black w h o manage Lincoln may h«ld off. Otherwise, from the cir- t Trinity church manifested the greatest iguo- cumstances furrouudicg him* ,$0 propre|sive abolition wing of bis party may hurry bias andO. n-interesting Reports iron Spriu*- that it must come, that w e must look it in theIn view of what now appears to be the te- evitable election c4|Abraham Lincoln as our next President/we commend to the special at- tention of*our readers the two interesting let-mr political parties, leaders plans, measures, principles, everything; but whether forgood or evil, peace o rwar, w e cannot pafely conjecture this side of Lincoln's election W e awaitethatto public offices, of whom they know little or nothing,butwhohavebeen palmedoff upon them a s worthy o f their confidence—worthy tosmash too soon. A t the last election the repu caught any glimpses of the great Wprid, andtationofFremontasagreattraveller,aneater whathesaw*fittendedteconfuseratherthanof borfeflesh, a n d s o o n , gave some speciality to enlighten his underatauding." fie adhered to sf spirited contest in which Pennsylvania to bis opinions "with the obstinacy which U .How a r e these late heavyBOWBST VBBATSS Iwrprr-DMOTAxn-OlAJWaAt republicans themselves. It la charged that, ported with the same minuteness as were tbeOepailureolthePrinceof Wales—TH.eNew Alliance Between Ani.rica a n a the republican party, they hire a lot of boysKtwIW4BWTBoteorIf.undertheguidanceofsuchDouglasdemocrats as the Forney clique, tbe vote of the Douglas democracy ot Pennsylvania, to a great extent, was cast directly fjor CurtloJ tbe republican candidate for Governor, in order to prove the weakness of Breckinridge in said State, and to cripple bis cause generally. O n the other hand, it is charged that in Ohio and Indiana, where, among t i e ! democracy. Douglas rulescircumstancesofthePrince'sreceptioninIfew York, but everything which occurred at the ball was faithfully given, upto the hour ofipid- night TheBoston papers, considering the ex- traarrangements made bythem forthis grand event,mustfeelsqmewhatoutofsortsa^ind iug themselves equalled o n their own groitud, for a comparison of the reports will sjbow that w e have given a s full a n d a s graphic an account of its incidents as any thatEngland.The Prince of Wales leaves our shores to-day forEngland, and takes back with bim new ideas and new impressions in regard to our country, our people and our institutions, which willinauguratearevolutioninpublicopinion In Europe, b u t particularly in Great Britain, in regardio the United States, their capabilities and tbeir destiny.tAOBA XBSNK'S AILS**Aeoo*._THKATBS, Bo. Of Broad**?.-December, spending tb e greater part of hii time intheWest Hewasrarely to be fcute in the society of gentlemen. His com- panions were of the delightful class kco -vnai "sporting men"—a general term which em - braces gamblers, horse jockeys, shoulder hit- ters, dog fanciers a n d shoulder hitting politi- ji^na, The public beard o f him once,-when heWALLACE'S THBATBB, Broadway.-*"TM* Proa.noise, and burn alltbe oil. Wide Awakeism, torc|ligbt processions and split rails comprise the peculiarities of thepresent campaign.and theLrcomptaa SHindie— Case few «h» Dtf« me.We published yesterday some very import- ant a n d extiaordinary documents, going t oBARWCM'8 AMBBICAM MUSKTX. Broadway.B»e»tr.#-Jo«r» AJI» Hs» B**TH*aii---L»»i*a Uuaiosi tbe roast, t b e Breckinridge faction played intoIt is well known that the Prince, the Duke of prove in the most positive manner thattbe«•*,rBBtty Besuaevaa,Bome,OjkMCI*.AC—SCBKMAtQOBHOl'A.»!'.' the bands of therepublicans, in order to show they have published. Tbe Portland papers up the weakness of Douglas in the very section will make a similar discovery. In the sameNewcastle, and all the important" personages comprising tbe rOyal suite, have been highly gratifiedwithtbe spontaneous,cordial andor-* bole trick b y Which t h e Lecompton constitu- set up a melancholy howl because bis dogs were tion wasto have been imposed upon the people not permitted to travel on the railways in the ofKiuasasoriginatedwithandwasconcocted passengercars. Ontheprairieshekilledafew bySetatcrDouglas. To-daywegivethecase smallbirds,butfaintedwithterrorwi.•Jhewhere Ms friends h a d claimed b is popularity WIBI/VSRAUX>N.Broadway-Boourt*CAoresifB wasunbounded.numberoftheHBKII.Dtneywillfindafullde-scriptionoftberoyalsquadronaodoftheball derlyreceptiontheyhaveeverywheremetwithW e cannot, , face, that Mwill change thewhole schedule ofa pleasant voyagn.answer;butwetear that tbevoyagewill beetormy from the outset, if notdisastrous, to the nominated bydifferent parties and factions-will be a new event in our political affairs,marking a new epoch a n d a new departure intbe policy of tbe general government, equiva- there may yetbein the field in addition tofirmenddiflkult ofpurchase oathebasisofll>ic.for lent to a great revolution. This thing can- thesewecannotsay.inventionisnowakribdtedtoDouglas.Inof ieaportA&ce, while sales of Western mixed Lincoln administration w e cannot divine. From and most o f them have been bought and soldsad flat jeilow were made, at rates given Virginia to Texas, the Southern people are cer- for cash down, like so much beef at the la another place. fork was inactive, and tainly in a very disturbed, uneasy, unsettled Bull's Head. There is a movement onclosing e l easier rates. Oorn w as without ebasgeadvanceof anyovertact of theand dirty places,some even onthe sidewalks;monarebs o r t h e alliances o f dynasties. They showthatthe true allianceof theEnglishna- tion is with the kindred millions that pursue t b e paths o f happiness and glory o n this continent, animated only by a common fidelity to freedom,and revolutionary condition o f mind; but t b e foot t o hold a convention t o select con-recruits, to embark from New Tork oa tbe 11th of No- vember next for California,coate off lo day. Tbeflrmeeoaof shipowners tended to vocation from t h e n e w dynasty before e m - be selected, and other bargains a n d sales maycheek eegBgemeata To Liverpool corn was engaged, mship's bags, at 12^-4. a I 2 * d . ; some corn was engaged.10 bulb, at UJiff. Flour wee rree.ytakeea.U 81a confederacy.barking upon that unexplored sea o f a Southernbe effected just a s objectionable a s any thatwill b e met b y the anti-slavery progressives o f JJj P***y, tuch a s Senators Seward, Wihjon, Hale and Sumner, and such men as Thaddeusand a few days before tbe election w e wUl pub-lish the names which w e will carefully choose 1 "J from tbe various tickets in the field, or from anyotherthatmayyetappear,or fromamongour fellow citizens who havewes unsuccessful.MovemenuotSenator Dearglaa.St. Loot, Oct. M, 1840.Senator Douglas arrived at twenty inJantas past eevew on the packet City of Alton He was received by a largeto her "good friendQueen Victoria. In New York Mayor Wood 3 **7t£?^ **^****^ or to lend themselves to public plunder and the cause of freedom ailover the world.entertained andtook care ofthe royal visitertothe entire satisfaction ofevery one. Tbe next and crowd hard upon the adndnistration tocorruption. W e will present these names o nofficial who bad him in charge w a s Governor Morgan, and ho also conducted tbe receptioned with our habits, manners and peculiarities,Mr.Y anceywith dignity and grace.acquitted himself in Boston in aof tbe chief magistrate o f a a ancientwealth. The -good society" o f Philadelphiaelection, b e will b e placed between two fires and will become thecentre ofan ' irrepressible' oonniet"inbisowncamp.willseewhetherit will notbeabetter ticket hickorypolesandhickoryclubswere thespe-Then Governor Banksthan any yetbrought forward, and whether weUntitled DocumentatenotaacompetenttopointoutthebestmenW« know that hiselection will be the signal as the rbwdies and bullies, and black l e g sWi* State Railroadfor t h e reconstruction, o f t h e severalfactiouswww.fultonhistory.comticn i n Our political affairs.iwasjustbarelysavedforMr.Buchanan.given to itseqmmodore and officers, the toilettes We are inclined to believe that bath these of the Portland belles included. Thus w e havein this country, and that they leave us with impressions a n d feelings very different from thosetheyentertained whenthey first setfoot on this continent Even tbe public men of %ig land have a most Imperfect knowledge^ tbefor thedefence—tbe answer of Mr. Douglas toteBsiclosedupworthilytheeffortsmadebythemetro- readiest solution of these heavy republican politan journals since thelanding of the Princeis contained in a speech delivered b y bim in Milwaukee on the 13th instant The facts Of tbe case are these:—chargesaresubstantiallytrue.Theyaffordthemajorities in the States indicated..that this is tbe true explanation, it is perfectlyof Wales on the American shores. In no instance have the royal party been compelled to »(rust to tbe imperfect arrangements of the local pises of th e different places they have visited for aday, and indeed some of the delegates re- call our attention to the interesting question of Weekending Ojtober 6 ceived nonotification whatever. Those who were bis administration. What will hedo? What will6*1 04 well pleased •as the Prince been with all h e has: , 749$4 witnessed here; the popular enthusiasm for him- clause of submission, which w e did insert."" sound" upon the meeting of the delegates with- be b& general line of policy Will iM>e con- outlosaof time proceeded tomakea nomination servative and conciliatory on theslavery issue,$7,03*'89 eejf, as therepresentative of a friendly crown;for the vacant Judgeship, in spite of th e remon-strances of certain delegates, who .regarded th eproceedings aa irregular and altogether too hasty.or radically abolition i n i t s character? What will be the composition of his Cabinet—aHEWS FRO* THE NATI(WAX CAPITAL.The majority persisted, however, and nominated ministry of abolition crusaders, with Mr. Sew-W*«n«roro!«, Oct m canes RJrc«!fs.19,19*)Assumingidle to count upon any other result in Novem-ber than Lincoln's election, a n d b y a cleansweep of the Nortbern States. The Douglas reportof the events Inwhich they took pariBunkerUiHmdtheChatlertoirnNavyYard.The Statewehadsupposedtherewasagenuinespirit thePrince'ssojournintheBritishprovincestytoobserve,duringhisvisittotheUnited lasthepaternityoftheschemebywhichthe countrymembersbeingproverbiallystupid. States,iheworkingofBritishprinciples with- peopleofKansas,invoting"Fortheconstitu- Furtheron,Mr.Berkeleysaidthatnoperson out the balances and safeguards which the tion, with slavery," or "For the constitution, travelling in America was considered respecta- composite form ofEnglish society and govern- without slavery," should really have no oppor- ble unless he had a man in black along wit*»yfcl party were received b y immeaae^ crowds o fcitizen* and with great enthusiasm wherever theywent In the erening they visited the BostonPublic library. T h e party will leave Boston thisof democratic reunion aroused, and that it might do something decisive against this swelling tide of Northern fanaticism. W e now believe thatandinthiscountryamountintheaggregatetoa sum that would cover more than a wholeyear's telegraphic expenditure of the Loa|onpaperscombined.Wegivetheweeklyamount?,mentbaathrownaroundthemathome.The tunityofvotingagainsttheconstitutionatall.bim—adeliciouslyabsurdstatement,ifithasmornirginaspecialtrainforPortland,wheretheyNewTork,fromtbecausesassigned,isashopeexpecttoembarkatonceforOldEngland. ieMlylostasPennsylvania. Wehave reason There isanother rupture in Old Tammany. A to believe, too, thai the Albany Regency, for meeting of the Judiciary Convention was held tbe last twelve months or more, have been there last evening to nominate a candidate for playing into tbe hands of the great lobby firmpremisingthatthese billsareexclusive ofthe ideainvolvedwasthatthePrincewouldreturn Mr.GreenB.Redman,oneofthedelegates to anymeaningwhatever. Hewindsupwithtbe charges o f t h e Associated Press for additional to England confirmed i n the idea that popular the Convention, testifies that Calhoun, old falsehood about ihe buffalo, and altogethermatter, and are mostly forreports forniahed In freedom is not safe in the United States, and its President, '• exhibited to him a letter his lecture is a tissue of falsehoods and absur- connection with thePrince of Wales' visit:— that society here needs theprotection which In from Stephen A. Douglas, which "suggested dities, and would behardly worthy of noticeJudge of the Superior Court, to fill the vacancy oc-casioned b y the resignation o f Judge Pierrcpont. projected stupendods railroad lobby jobs under It appears from o u r report o f t h e proceedings o fthe Convention that the political tricksters of a republican administration.Week endlsg AUfBSt S Weekending August 9 Weekending August 16..Week ending AUKUS12S.... Weekenaing Angusi 29Week ending September 8 Wee* endup SepUmtx-r 15... i Weekending September 22..; Weekendiag September 29$82*26280 SO thrown arotufB It b y the social class privileges and urged t h e plan o f submission adopted b yOf Seward, Weed & Company, i n view o f their/were itnot forthe fact that, as its author isa 2S0 72- which have taken such deep root i n England. the Convention, approving t h e constitution a s man o f some position and more o r leas influenceO PT H KMBTROVOUTANPItti the present election, however, w e have a new^ peculiarity in the ahape of the WideMuncbausenisms abjkit bis sporting exploitThis charming specimen of a fine o l d !•> . ";h gentleman has been delivered of a "lecture oa the United States, and h a s informed the good people o f Glasgow that Mestcs. Cobden a ad Bright were all wrong in their views about this country; that w e were In a n awfullywithout great expense Our bills for specialtelegraphic reports forthe period covered toy since that tbe Prince would have an opportuni- coincide wonderfully in fixing on Doug- qualification In the world, w e should judge,FIECTIOKS—THEHJEBALU'Spublicans. H o w many other kind o f BtripesProbablytheworstmenin thewholelistwillAssistant Surgeon Raosur hat been sisigaed for doty with the recruitr, to depart from New Tork for Texas oahave been madeincu-iressru LASS CASBBCalifornia land . c u e s only will be arguedhave been already made. The managers in the physical force, if needs be, to defend thecondition o f th e party. They have managed doubtlessshapedhispolicytomeettheSouth thetroubleofmakingoutaselectticketWe people,shouldoccasioneverariseforherto togivePennsylvaniatotbeblackrepublicans,b»lf way with his flag of truce. But here he intend to take that matter in hand ourselves,PfllLADtLmA, OCt. IS, 1840. Tbe Douglas SUU Central Committee lest evening with- drew the straight electoral ticket, end pledged themeelveeminated, and will b e passed ove°rto^he^dTfc e f h i 8 f > ** * * * * * £ % ? ? £ * £ » * . *the chapter by the venal politicians, just becausemake known to them that the friendship ofsuch men are too honest to give them a bribe,push it forward against, the -aiave power." our own responsibility, as "the HERALD ticket," EUECTKW.—Every Presidential election has its readerspKujLDaumA,Oct. If, list. was advertised t o speak a t Nations' Hair tonight, bat e telefreph.c despatch has been receivedannouncingthathecannotcome.Railroad Cenwntlon fmHebrasaa.Thus, from tbe next morning m^ Lincoln's and advise our readers to vote forit. They [ peculiarity. In the great contest of Jacksonthey werecollectively, to give us something like justice.fkTifl^.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069TihomasM. Tryniskwith alanguagea n dliteraturefortheDukeofNewcastle,standinginhisplace in theHouse ofLords, to tell thepeers andthelar,''andsays:—"Ineversawtheschedule by which the slavery clause wassubmitted untilagainstus. Although ithascontinued toowetousibjesameobligationa*downtotbepresenttHBe,MB correspondents taking from our reports tell them that Iowa is a cotton growing town nor published, declaring that the constitution of tbePrince's movements more than one halftheplace,asthedutiesarejudicialasweUasadministra-in the State of. Mississippi, or musty lordswhowould berejected unless It was submitted to athe facts which they are supposed to acquire believe that tbe American people have castoff vote of the people, and says that'the very lawyer,andamanof high ctAracter. publishesa letterour London contemporary a n example o f equa- wrought in public opinion i n England regard- the charge i n these clear a n d unequivocal totrySamuelKemmelstem,chargedwithre-Mainland:JohnMinorBotts,ofVirginia,and nimity.Weconsoleourselveswithther*ii«>c-iufAmericamaybederivedfromtbeelosingterms,thereseemstobelittledoubtthattheceiving twenty barrels of Qour stolen from Hecker Jiron A . Gilmer, of North Carolina. In only tion that if the New York and London journalsscenesoftbePrince's touratBostonand Port-letterdescribedbytheseveralmembersofthe Lecompton Convention wasnotentirelythe creatureoftbeirimagination. Theymust have seen some, such letter. M r . Douglas himselfBoston!wasthebotbedoftheRevolution; stands Faneuil Hall, "theCradle ofcountry press. In other words, we should do their ensanguined crests; Boston harborwas appears to feel the difficulty of getting overstctof thewarmest kind, surpassing in feeling, if Making due allowance for the fallibility ofan alliance between thetwo nations deeper than diplomacy ever sounded, and stronger than monarchs ever attained. H e returns t oMonarebsciality. In Harrisons time itwashard cider Butitseemsthatwereckonedwithoutourhost• m'"•nothing for any of the parties, ©raby of the abom, fightiflg, Buena Vista and Monterey, and has latterly been undeV * cloud, and aaw*. candidatesintbefield.W«haveijevefmixed the!ballsoftheMontezuma*werethewatoh-herofl%liamentBerksw'Vis-oneofthan in the dirty pool of politics, md w e want no words. In poor Pierce's time there was hardly pwuliar British country ^eutlemen w^ office; but, m common with a large mass ef our any life and little or no peculiarity worth no- run lo dogs and bone*,' *&» aioi*Union merely, but thecandidate hadBOindi-Meantime w e will inqufr*^ntb -'tikh history viauality, nor dM. any o n e know o r care much character; w h o associate with their' groorsjwe will try to have it by some means or Other. :other refited and gentle sports of the toin*and the Intellectual and moral character o f tbeand marry their cooks. A s Macaulay saygjustice,thecustodyandcontrolof the publicmoney, arid even the property and thelivesofcitizens—when no good man who is well, ac-quainted with them would trust them in the AwbWs, wbe rejoice in nocturnal demonstra- tary monarchy.munityunsafeaslongasthesejail birdswere not caged in Sing-8ingorsuspended bytheThis Isasexact a pen and ink photographof Berkeleyascouldbegiven;andsuchbeingthe case,wearenotatallsurprised toee.-that he b a s been retailing a l l the stale jokes aod absurd stories with which the ordinary English travellerbasregaledtaproomaudiencessay time these five a n d twenty years. Berkeleyunder agetodoalltbework,makeallthe cameoverhereinAugustandremainedtillOld A b e ingobtainedmoney from thewealthymenofret^fnpeMed^nwi selected. Hav-vast empire,common with their e w n , that is growing u phere, a n d extending t b e briarian arms o fits commerce and its political relations nently connected with the getting up ofover every sea and iuto every land; the Lecompton constitution, questioningand the London Post, the organ of the them in regard to Mr. Douglas' connection as he bad been a mebmer of Parlia- present British ministry, stated only a few days with |that historic document The answers ment twenty years—not the very bestSeveral other delegates, including Mr. Mobby,To the above have to be added the amounts the order and good feeling that everywhere of Ogden: Mr. Easton. then the proprietor of ways; you have written yourself down an ass.Totalof the last two weeks' account*, making lor pervade society and government; the mil- tbe Leavenworth Herald, now of Chillcothe, about two months and a half a total of upwards lions of. stalworth yeomen equally ready Missouri; Mr. Jarrett Todd, of Leavenworth;Mr.0.C.Stewart, of Kansas City, and Mr.B. ports for the HERALD, independently of those reign and to defend the State against domestic J. Franklin, of CMlicothe; make substantiallyof $8,000 expended forspecial telegraphic re to do honor to England's prospective sove-Judge tn&hoeffer, whereupon th e remonstrating ard a t the head, o r a careful selection o f repre-' furnished b y the Associated Press. or foreign foes, a n d t h e self-reliant energy the same general statement. The latter gentle-delegates organized a separate convention, and, after denouncing the conduct of the majority,ad- journed t o meet again on Wednesday evening next.sentative moderate men from-ail sections of the Union? A ll these questions are covered by ourThe returns ofthe eighth census are coming in rapidly, We advert to these facts merely to show how and enterprise that animate a consciously man intimates that Douglas' letter to Calhoun, and ere found to be generally well taken. Notice hassuperiorinliberalityandenterpriseistheAUK free people, that be has on several oc- suggesting tbeplan ofsubmission, isstillin beengiventotheMarshatethatcompensationwillnotpossession o f Calhoun's family.oftheCanadianjournalsfarintotheshade.The posed,also,thatoccasionwillnotbewanting nouncesthechargeas''falseineveryparticu- Iscompleted.SeveralweeksmoateltpsebeforetheSaper-The delegatesappointedthe call*oft h erican to the English press, which ridicules us casions expressed his determination to re-because we have made a display of those quali- turn here as soon as be has attained histies,onanoccasiondeeplyaffectingEoglishIn- majority, andmake a.complete studyofthe tainedbysuchevidence,Mr. Douglas opposestelests,thathascastitsownexertionsandthose countryanditsinstitutions. ItUtobesup- hisownflatandunqualifieddenial. Hede- willbemadebeforetheworklaMarylandsadNewTorkticketfrom t h ecandidatesalreadyunder Volunteerst o nominatedTo tbe charge thus clearly made and sus-a b y theantirepublicanpartiesmetlasteveningatNationalDemocraticselectNo.T51Broadway.Thesub-committeeappointedto select the city and connty ticket reported thatthey were unable to report a ticket, for the reasonthat a o nominations were made for the vacancy inthe Superior Court. Tbe Convention thereupon platform in good faith, and that his general adjourned,tomeetatthesameplacenextWeJaes-lnteadeat will be able deftt iteiy to determine t h e exact number of inhabitants. They will considerably excoeS thirty millions.Springfieldtion enables us to form a pretty clear idea of tbe viewB and purposes o f Mr. Lincoln iu antici- pation of his promotion to the White House.It thus appears that 'Old Abe" isa conserva- tive republican—that h e contemplates n o w a r ppon the constitutional rights o f slavery i n t h e slave States—that his platform i s t h e Chicagocorrespondents,a n dtheirinforma-be allowed for returns made after the 1st proximo. The returns of many of the States are complete, also one of tbe districts of California, and it 11 not iaprobabls that t h e returns from the Pacifls States and Territoriestruthis,thateversinceourfirsttelegraphicre-port from St. Johns anticipated by more than aweek the letter of the correspondent of the people of England of his eventful visit to this after it was forwarded to tbe States for publi-London Times, and compelled thatand other country,andtbeimpressions ithasmade upon cation. I never heard, nor conceived,norLondon papers to borrow from our columns, his mind. W ecannot butbelieve that at such dreamed, that any man on earth ever thought of'•the Thundtrer" has been specially wroth a time the English people will hear something such a scheme." Hethen goes on to narrate experiencesgreatdifficulty IngettingaproperpersonTorth eIt seems thatof Leavenworth City—anti Douglas—has been recently addressing circulars to m e n promi-ButIthioflittleconsequencenow.Politi-Four or nve beforetheSupremeCourtoftheUnitedStatesatthenext tern, the great balk of them involving millions ot doilart, havingalreadybeenadjudicatedand there is little doubt that between Tammanyto the support of the Reading electoral ticket, bet ea Hall and theAlbany Regency, New York will dorsedDong-MsandJohnsonasthenomineesoftheparty. through the United States proves the existence also b e handed over i n tbe same way. T b e An attempt to erase the Breckleridge men frost the ticketcall for them.The tour o f the Prince o f Walesand thatwilling,individually a n dj .J .L,».J,I,PII. -..•,.DemocraticCommitteebad way,.and that he "ought to know,".Me I tive. Theappointmentwillbemadelaafewdays, Eroimcn AJTUKM—TAACXT ASVTUBvies raasDBvcT. Senators Laae and Bright arrived here to-day.Mr. Baxter, of this city, a leading e a d InfluentialTO!AOBICCITCBALBBAVCBOfTBSPATSSTOfTICSMr. Clemeon, the Superintendent ef the agricultural errbranchofthePatentoffice,ianowenhiswayhomefromEurope, whither h e went, b y directum of the ¥ Secretary of the Interior, to purchase vege-table, medicinal a n d economical plants a n d seedsgenerally. Many varieties .have already been recetved. Before they a r e distributed among citi-zens or the United States, they will he tested at the Goveminent propagating garden In this city, where addition-al facf lies for thfc purpose ere in progress. Heretoforemuch complaint hat been made as to the worthlessneee of eeeds;batthisinsomedegreewesowingtothehja*-rance of the recipients regarding the mode of properculture.BscxtrtB raoM SALESor rrsuc LAVDSDuring the year ending with Jane t h e receipts from the sales of public leads were less than two mllliMS of dollars. .These recently sold yielded a very Small amount,owingtothescarcityofmoneyandethercauses,andia manycasesnobidsatallwerereceivedreliance can b e placed o n their assertions. A tail eventswe have nowfairly presentedtheevidence on both sides, and close the case,submitting i t t o the public, and feeling perfect-ly,indifferent as, to what the verdict may be.One thing is quite certain, and that is, that to theutter rechlessness, folly and duplicity o f demo-cratic politicians ail over the country is tobe theSltttasi.attributed thepresent disorganized and forlorn Feuloa. of ttte PeauBas>lwaauua Democrat/. AtPolk'selectionanattemptwasmadejorevivethehickoryexcitementh. ttlMuulamIn #k»•I«»II*I»ak9.V-—.-»-l •ATcmsox.K.T,OctIt,i m Gneveatkm. t e dsrlSB S BTfteai o f.andlogcabins. JAnotherofthegreat Arrowamith familyhas 