 Veicnal Government, andputthemselvesunderit* chovie'p. Ourmenthentookthefirstgateorthe.tort sin.plytopreventinsurrectionfromspreading^tothe "six'yearsinpriponunderthepolice,andnotrial{ The Neapolitans Still in Messina* orders.; The province of Messina did r*>t remain be- and a baBtion, and our flag is floating over one to wer. mamlaid. Wisely enough, riie Court of Naplesih-w When shall I be liberated'?" ''Twenty months!"'?•.;lind. Although the capital of the jrovioce wa? occu- cries another, and "Fourteen months!" another. pied by the enemy, and the road to the west up to We have a heavy loss to deplore; that of the Roy- perceived that Sicily is not to be subdued by a naU- 'We thought the Constitution would liberate us!" Melazzo wasstill accessible'to-'him,,his'power »nd alistsisenormous. Thesurrenderofthefortandthe hearted army and a mutinous fleet. The Weapo- Andsowe went through a variety of cells where influence extended only as far as hie arms reached, and entire column is considered certain. A reinforcement itan troops, it w as suspected, were not likely to svfrplice were thrust into the Commissioner's hands at the very outskirts of the positions held by him the with rifled cannon has this instant arrived for us. The meet' Garibaldi in the field for any purpose and enforced by many a tear and prayer. In one tricolorcouldbeseenmoretbanamonthago. Imita- soldiersofSpadaforaareretiringuponGesso. but'thatofgoingovertohim.Allthatoo*"dbe chamberwecameonaneldman,'halfidiotin ting the example given by the other province^ the •'• JULY 21.—Yetterday, at 6 a., m., the battle com- done was to hold some point in the island, so manner, who bad been condemned to six years',4§time, the Neapolitans no onl Weep (he for- e*»8buV *KJ)Tlie*1^verhtfent" of th^-'Dietatbr•?, G&ribaMi^hos the citadel of the latter place alone holding.out. The mates. There were five hundred in all. Some were2BASCS AJTD ENGLAJf© ASKED TO PBEYERT AS ATTACK OK HAPEES.mscs mwm—maim DECLINES. SYRIAN AFFAIRS. NAPOLEON TOTHEFRENCH EMBASSADOR.Tie North Atlantic Company's U. S. Hail Sfceam-Secret Committee of Meswna constitnted itself iato a menced at Melazzo, and was not over before 8 p. m. as to make any further designs of Garibaldi im- reclnsion for blasphemy, and if he did not become persons kMh-d, but from all accounts up to yes^erdav permanet committee-of public security, choosing for The struggle was terrible. There was fighting along practicable, and during, that time to negotiate. Mes- ten times the blasphemer before his time was up, he there cannot be le*« chan 2,000. I hope, Sir, for the aakeiis) s shut, themselves in, constantly pursued by the bay- parai'i ins has been, not the reconquest of the island, orone after another sent in their adhesion to the. Provi onet; they were crowded there as in a ba»el of an- even the retrntiou of authority in i t a eastern part, but in tbe heat of an oven. " ExceHenza/' shouts one.••pointsKidbytheNeapolitans followed, the.'districts Velocesteamercannonadedthefort,whereth<?Royal- ofwarhavebeencollected; TheobjectoftheseDre-AnordinancehasbeenpublishedbythePrefectof andihe.defe»seconcentratedtoholdMess'iDa. Colonel Police against abuses of the liberty of the press. Six- BOPCO, a Sicilian, who was among those wh-> cameof no effect. W e have now, however, one of M.de our arms, and that the soldiers will also do their duty."teen persons belonging to the Court have been exiled. Numerous refugees have returned to Naples, among whom are Gen. Ulloa and Signor Davala. The exist- ing municipalities are to be renewed on the 6th of Angustnext.la Greca s propositions given with accuracy. I t wasThe following is the,text of the convention ofwar, in consequence of whivh the column, composed of NAPIXS, July 27. -Tranquillity has not been dis- fi<e battalions of riflemen, some lancers and a battery500 or 600 who had driven him back. Tne latter were poleon has enough of the sovereign in him to see withat first obliged fo retire before the superior mnmbsrs of disquiet tbe upribing of a people and the tottering of a the enemy ; but, when otier troops came up to their throne. He bas, aiso, no particular wish to see thetion for a convention." Chn*tfans, having gone, according to the orders of hie The Plenipotentiaries will assemble to-morrow at Excellency tbe Mushirof Sa'da, to his Excellency theturbed.F a r o e s , July 28.—The King has accepted the resig-nation of the Marquis d'Autonini, the Neapolitan Em- bassador to Paris, who is to be replaced by Canofarri. P ALERMO, Joly 23 (viaTurin).—The Electoral Com- mittees will a t t enter upon their duties until the 6th ofof field artillery, left on the morning of the 14th iust., at dawn, under the'eommand of Co'onelB.-»Hco. Leav- ing one battalion to guard the position of Gesso, the rest of the column, about 4,000 men in all, proceeded on the same day as far as Spadafora, and arrived the text da)—that is, tbe 15th—in the neighborhood of Melazzo. Medici, having advanced from Barcelona, badtak*n up hi* position aji Miri, a little hamlet close to one of the small mountain torrents, called the Santaaid, tbey again attacked the enemy, many of whom were still concealed among reeds and protected by lii?- trees, so that a charge with the bayonet was impossi-dominions of Vietor Emanuel any-further extended. Now that be himself has gained military reputation and a new lease of power by fighting for Italy,the hotel of Foreign Affairs.Until the signature of the convention, no embark-ation of troops will take j.la3e.PARIS, July 30.—The Conference on the affairs ofKada and Kaimakan of h»s Kxcejlency Ouasl Elfendi, after; having conferred with the Kaimakan, the Onakils, Mokatadgis, Dwan, and principals of the Druses,en- deavoring both one and tbe other to root out the causoa of disunion which have taken place, *nd to secure public tranquillity for the future, conformably to the orders of his Excellency and for the love, of the count'V;cided opon not quit ing Borne. Bills have been posted Melazzo strikes the m « n road. A t tbe enemy's ad- vance he drew back Lis outposts, and took up his po-u*upannouncingtheapproachingoutbreakoftherevolu- tionatMiri,alonetheriverbank. Theenemyfol-head of tbe Genoese Carbineers and some Guides, at- guidance is that of non-intervention. So far as we in-t^mj.ted to take the em my in the flank, but suddenly terfere it. will only be b y counsels o r remonstrances, been accepted b y the Great Powers, was discussed for cameonagunplacedinthecenteroftheroal,and thesewillhaveDuioneend—toinsuretheItaliansbeing thefirsttime. ItisassertedthattheTurkishEmbas-which he determined to attack. When within twenty left to themselves to settle their affairs in their own sador, following instructions received from Constanti-paces, the cannon, loaded with grape, wjts fired by the way. This maxim has been so often repeated that it nople, claimed essential modifications of the project ofKing's troops. The effect was terrible; only five or may seem trite, but when we see how soon, it is for-six men remained standing. Garibaldi had part of his gotten by other nations, and how little the Neapolii.au convention. ' I t is also stated that England, Austriatry, the reasonnble men, and those who love the coun- try and tranquillity, have never ceased to prevent their takingplace. Butwher«as,fromthemachinationsof those -who love disorder, ana principally persons who have no pity on new-born ba.es, youog boys and girls, and from the obstinacy of unreasonable men, they were not able to prevent war from breaking out: aa- niitting also thai in such a state of things th-.ra is no otber means of putting au end to the elludion of blood, and producing a general peace, than concluding a treaty between the belligerent parties, conformably to the condition of that which was/oade in the year 1261tion.. GENOA, Jnly 29.—News received here fully confirmsthe entry of Garibaldi into Mesrina.NArr.xs, July 30.—A military convention has beenconcluded between Garibaldi a n d Gen. Clary. T h elovftd, but, not thinking it wise to attack, he with- drew, and took up his position on the River Norno, which has the point of intersection of the tw o roads behind it.This was the state of things on tbe 16th in the even-boot and his stirrup carried away; his horde was alsowounded, and he was compellrd to alight. MajorBreda and bis trumpeter were killed .by has side; Miao-rjj'jB horse fell dead under bicn; Statella was left stand-ing unhurt in tbe midst of the iron sk>rm; all the oth-ers w« re killed or wounded. The gun which had doneall this mik-chJef wes taken soon after. Then the Nea-poliian infantry opened, and gave passage to a chargeof fifty cavalry for the purpose of retakingthe pie e. Colonel Donon's men, who had beanEnvoy believed that we should act on it, there is no harm in repeativg.it. We therefore cannot help giving Lord John Russs-ll all praise for his consistent and dig- nified course. . In declining to help the tottering aud frightened Neapolitan Governmeut he in no way ex-and Russia declared themselves ready to send troops to Syria.Another sitting of the Conference must, it is said, take place, as the representatives of the Great PowersNeapolitans are to remain in possesion of the ports of ing. Since then there have been ramors of an en- counter, which, however, have hitherto n o t beenSyracuse, Agosta and Messina, and t o have liberty of access to all parts of tbose towns. The citadel of Mes- sina will not fire on tbe town. Tne Gari^aldian colors take equal rank with the Neapolitan flag. T h e navi- gation of the Strait of Me»sina is to be free.veiifiedj These rumors are natural when t w o hostile columns are so close- to each other, but I don't think t^at anything can take place so soon. T h e "Neapol- itans, i/t hey really bad any other object than to make a demonstration a n d reconnaissance toward Melazzo, have miss*d (beir opportunity, for to-day Cozens, withpresses any opinion favorable to the invasion of the have to obtain authority from their Governments to of the llegira (1845), which is 4 Oblivion of what hasJ— -—— "«7— w*vj,w MJ/J/WUVUOI JLSUP} VVIUVA UWSU A»QUrl KMVJiJtuuiruutu utto intvcn JWAOICM>/.H/ OUWVUWIMI «*U U «.M», UUIJU u<» v m • " ••••j—"HWU»«I«JMUH.UU)WI»J pnrnrreT ana ma»acrAbad the thing onee been commenced. a« tbey h%ve dm* occupyJhe town itself. T h e forts alone on the bights camedthe two following bulletins to be published:" , fighting at Melazzo on the day of the battle was very; in cells'!y themselves, as. Manetta, the celebrated »py, at D*ir-el Khamar, atZahleh, at Ilasbeya—in i a e t S Sfortd-n armyofArraii,ihasleftThe i pean rti«'Af day, auhouse; to ww!: tianqaa ening n• . . the ttre •would <Every out arm men. ' i l moatdec them. 1 eome of i etreet ps the Shujin the cH nana be^ burdens Ward txand ye iigaze of d«*tc,,goJ largvana able *xut plunder atnearly lU they nev< again inn of tbe ha thoughU smoke p During tl annnbrcl of more t Bab8boi quarter. partlyIn* and the C narrow r,Of fire the ncrl ing the lent, on min flamei, There hJS fire.-of br getber. I murder coi pear tohai more butctdoor withe thirsting a; the native lieve he m So my me* hear "of rl limited. V street, and on the roof"Ibebe the part of the alight* aolditra in other* wer more tbia , with the are actual thattherei —say SOfy hly arm».i, largenuml daggers, -JI ping, place.audi cans they have 1 the soldier meet, whet are stoppm although, d fectly p«8B most 200 sccould have ment. Of within tho j"This m e adeqnate co graceful arfi donkeysin< some of tfce were sever* other plund< the chairv clothes. T hrors of last r for tbem areselves.VKopife-J her engaged and most o: effort ban ;and destru* Christian, i gTeaterdan former p<-ric apparently i hut I cannot roof in the c made H pe*-psee and iietw probablyhe from tho Met them, knowi of tbe Christ* tray me I ma them not to I hut in the . a well as intin aion nothingHOC-.SE o oaths and h.s copies or e\tt MinisterinT to tie condilState?, said (fa the efforts of 1>in advancing t a declaration < City was nev aenee of tbe PLoid Wo«ie produce the ] from the clmrj Lord Dorter aioner to Chinter choice cou cate an appoi the habit* < f^act and abiiit A letter tro 44 The RevMission, has, d*-.avcriDg to where he bad had a guard o nothiig tow.HrCfcmnridjtre i youxg Prince Lent Term. ". Koyal Highnei ateabout d oiS there being r.o University c«p nei-s and b:& utIhc Untied new rvgime: '* in cons* oueuc«? jforce in lndiu.cavalry and »i tTht MortitHmeetirgof the 5any at Piui* uced, by wlii<have been ex that of th;> for the joun for furruehiug francs for the consistingo:JThe " U i a trip from SotttTHE POL1C1The foliowh ^Napoleon to t heen made put"MYDJCVBcpmpliva: i-.Ui <t*iueethewarto that a oonver*** PaJmereton wr! Pa7ro«*ton kuo'Will believe t < the most explicit frarca 1havetit. augurate a i e.w tenna with ail m gland. 1 Lu extraordinaryme to resume"XBxrrjx.xxF^BosnamikTic: havebeenabandoned,asuntenable. ,..,4.>,^, ., ^ ,] ...NATIONALCAMPOFMERI,July20: sharp;but,.accordingtotheaccountsreceived;thelosei whose:oilyIhyppciiticalt;mariner>e3(cpifl|o«d:tomethe YV k ^ K y .-keeping ttfe town it' was possible to concentrate a This morning, a t 6 o clock, an exchange of musket of the Neapolitan troops was far greater thau that of x<a*on o f his essy access, ,to Ferdintind I I . His sonmuchlargernumberoftroopsthanwOuld:ha^ebeen';shotstookplace;itwasthoughtatfirsttobeanaflW theSicilians,andtheconsequentsurrenderoftheplace wasinanothercloseby,aridanothersonnotfaroff.and carried the position, and at 25 minutes past 3 our "ftnihoiities. Ever since the success of Ganbaldrat of Campagna, as villainous looking a fellow as nature troops entered Melazzo, after capturing Ave pieces of Palermo tbe resolution to make a great stand at Mes- ever turned out, and the executioner of Palermo, and anil'ery. three of which were taken in the action out- sina has been manifest. Troops have been sent from others of the crew, who have been the instruments ofrJespothm/ One fe't no sympathy for them, but only atked for justice. In other rooms we saw twenty or more wretched-looking men, sweltering, half dressed,Swtere;andIknowfromgoodauthorityherethat e Paiha has received a good share of the apoilaef «w» poorChristiana. OnTuesday,the10Atost.,tt*alarmingnewsreachedusthatontbodayproviotur about 2 p. m., the buring of tne Christian qnarUroi Damascusandtbemaesacreofthe Christiansbadcom menced. Another affair was feared }in,Beyroat, bat fortunately np to this tine notbiog;h»« occurred. T have seen tbe accounts from the ^English Cimsal ai Dama#cu« (Mr.Brant),aodalsolettersfromsomeofthe missionaries there. They all agpee in the horriblecon* sequences to be apprehended. Poor Mr. Graham an English missionary there,wa* wentofall wounaeT" apdissupposedtobedead.NoChurch,notaChristian bouse, remains in Damascus. From the newsreeeived yesterday tbe Mosleme of the better clas*fear for them pelves, a s they protected maoy Christians, and are looked noon by tbe fanatic* at no true believe}*, f w side all this, a horde of Bedouins and Arabs, a*i«£d bytbeDrneeeandtbeMoslemmob,havebegunsuoha work as promises to level tbe wboh of Damascus with: the ground. In the ca-tle 10 000 Christians are idiutmr but, if tbey are not killed they must die of bung^rU arfew day j. I t is imrxwhle to es imate the number ofThe Bavaxia arrived at Cowee on the 29th of July. the timidity or want of foresight on the part of theNeapolitan commanders at Messina more than thisleav-This morning, the 21st, Bosco presented himself him two or three officersof singular merit and much ex- to the Dictator, and requested leave to quit with the perience. His policy has been something like that of ourTheEtnaarrivedatQueenatownonthe30thofJuly.Ot^ATwise*possible...Noton'ywerethegarrisonsof. ofoutposts,butitsoonbecameageneralaction,iTheG-rgepti, CV»nia, and Calr.anieetf a concentrated th«re, • Koyiosts had artillery^ on our side there was none.butseveralthousandmenwere likewisesentfromthe The struggle wasterrible,theRoyalistsbei^irundergarrison of Palermo, and others from the ma.njand, so cover, while our men were fighting in the open field. A tthat, according to all accounts, ho less than from 14,000 one moment the position apceared difficult, but at the final stronghold. To make this place capable of sus- they had been tbe cause of much greater suffering to!FROMCSSSAXXOHr OF SOSXXUTXBS. to ,15,000 men must be collected there. Beside these magic name of Garibaldi our men rushed on like lionft- taining;,a siege no efforts have jbeen epared by m hohdreds. W e saw, too Mac»rio, the friend and spyS I C I L Y .*•«-> *« WUEiMDN BETWEENGARIBALDI A\!DTHEM SDFI M P O R T A N T•NAPtES."When the taking of Palermo decided the fava tf the.greaterpart.oJ-*h«island,andtbe evacuation ofmos4- sidethewals,andthetwoothersattheentrance. The themainland,workshavebeen thrown up,munitionsthere wj.s a garrieon of 1,500 in-m >«r Melazzo, and an -intermediate post as a connecting link at Gesso.i'8watFarcelona,onlyafewmilestothewestof thewholeline. Therewasa,greatcarnageofthe ska,ofcourse,waschosenforthispurpose Itisan Wouldbenoman. Intheshorttimethatanewstate Melazzo. Havkg given, in the adhesion of the pro- Bourbonists, who. fought with much obstinacy, so that important town, of considerable st-ength, and com- of things bas been introduced, as much his been done vince, a govrrnor was named, wish the object of regu- it became necessary to gaiD ground foot by foot under mards the Straits in such a manner that a General as was possible: walls have been whitewashed, offen- lating the government, and at the same tine doing its a shower of grape. The field of battle, covered with could never venture to invade the mainland from Sicily sive smells or the worst removed, and many a victim best for the enlistment and arming of he population. dead bodies of the enemy, and with baggnge of everyof, humanity, y o u will insert this in your valaabfe paper. I fe .r Sir, the people of England are some, times too flow to believe; but surely tbe report* from our Consul*, from the command*r«of oar men-of-war will awaken England to me that the Turkish Govern^ ment cannot any longer maintain order miudoorin- iens. Perhaps this may l e smoothed down by a pronJ i»>e from tbe Saltan to remove the Pashas; but recol'ect. after three years residence in ibis place, I have never eeen any material difference between one Pasha arid another. Their pfau i«to pocket ae much a«they <?w theme*Ives, and they manage pretty well when they can lay by an independency id two or three years.', In tpite of the difficulties, something has been done kind and five guns, was at last conquered, amid criesin tbip 'eepect, >!Tjtof course this partial etFort un*flsi«»^ of "Long live Italy 1" " Long live Garibaldi 17ed could never suffice to drive the Neapolitans from the Our young men vied in enthusiasm with the bravepositions which tbey occupy. Like everywhere else, men of Garibaldi's legion, which was the first in the and accumulating warlike stores, Garibaldi has been represented two different states of things, the past ani the North Italian element was wanting to organize and combat, and the first to charge with the. bayonet, to slowly but earnestly preparing to attack the place in the.present; and while the former looked with a spe-concentrate the*e efforts. It was, above all, with this storm MelazzOj and also seize the first and second due form of war. It shows excellent sense in the cies of tenderness on his pet relics of antiquity, the lat-ahip Adriatic, Joseph J . Comstock, from HiVTe and view that the ccluoin of General Medici received the redoubt of the fortress, still pressing the Bourbonists Sicilian leader not to have .been led away by suacesaa, ter was full of hopes of better things. Leaving thisSouttampton, left the Needles at 6 p. m. on the 1st mission to proceed along the northern seashore by Tar- close with the bayonet. or populari<y; or newly-assumed power to make any prison, we Went-to visit the Criminali of the Prefect-featyandarrivedoffthelightshipinathickfogat4 miniandCefrtlu,ardthatitscommanderwasnamed Ourlosshasnotbeenexcessive.ThelegionofGar-rashassaultonthetown.When18,000Neapolitans ure.Therewereshoutsandcriesof*fViva"aswe Youmustalsoyourselfbeweljawarethatthe Commander General of the whole province of Mes- ibaldi has bad a few of its men wounded; our young capitulated to a handful of soldiers and au insurrection- Turkish troops are about IS months in arrsaro'clock on Saturday m«rning. sina. , , , . men have also suffered very little, but the loss of the ary mob, an event took place,which might have turned entered, and a rush of people. What was the matter 7 of pay. Add tbia temptation to plunder to .TheAdriaticbrings261firstcabinpassengersand .Whileourcolumnmadeitswaythroughtheinterior continentalsoldiershasbeenconsiderable. Enormous thebeadofaweakermanthanGaribaldi. Thevoice TheNationalGuardjastnowondutyhadbroughtin their natural fanaticism, and the little disci-pline their officers can enforce on them, and draw your ownconclusionastothe results. I can assureyou fromgoodauthority,thattheGovernmentatDaaaasi cu6hasborrowedmoneytobuyfood at tbeenormouan*f £fI perceBt P*rannam- Tn®Rassian,Austrian, andBelgianConsulate*atDamascusareallburnt,aud several attempts bave been made to burn the French. Tip to the latest news tbe English Consnl was safe, b a t as things are go'.ng on I do not think bis life is worth- much. The Church of Terra Santa is burnt, aod all tbe fathers killed. A l*rge number of persons have taken r*fuge m the house of Abd-el-Kader, -who has armed about 2,000 of his Moarubins, and promises to protecttbeChristatstohislastdropofblood.* We have lying in tie roads her Maieety'fe ship Ex- montb, 91; the Fremb fnga'e Zenob'e, 50; the dis- patch boat Heron; and two Turkish liners. There is also a Turkish frigate at Sidon, and another left lastcess. Garibaldi's support is derived from the enthusi- opened into another, where in one-third part of it no night, I believe, for Candia. II«r Majesty's ship Mo- asm oi the popular party throughout Europe, and this human being could stand upright. Opening there w a hawk is at Latakia or Tripoli and the French gunboat e athueiasm might cool wonderfully if he were to ex- none for either light or air. God only helped tho«e Clara left immed ately after tbe news of the 10th from hibitany want of milita>y skill and conduct. A s the who have been confined there, and some of my friends Damascus for Smyn.a; with dispatches.multitude, partcularly in Italy, is likely to judg-3 by have been there. We heaved a long and heavy breath I feel sure you will see the necessity of making camion. Bosco came out from Melazzo to attack us, success, it is above all tbiegs necessary that the Nea- as w e came out, and then went to visit ano'her chain these things public; and in the sincere hope that mynearly 5»ton* of cargo. and that of Brigadier-General Bixio took the southern loss, enormous damage has been inflicted upon the of Europe almost seemed Jo demand that he should in- a policeman. Pale and trembling, the wretched caitiffrfioreKofthehMand,Mediciarrivedonthe12<hiust.1at enemy,whoinflyingwasdriven into the redoubts, stantly follow up his advantage, andbyabrilliant stoodinthemidstofthem,andhewas delivered over LadyJaneFranklinandnieceareamongthepas- Barcelona,whichuntilthenhadbeenonlydefendedby andfromthemintotherestofthefortress. Hewas marchacrosstheislandsweeptheroyalforcesintothe totheauthoritiesas.muchforprotectionasanythingseng^rs. half-organizedleviesinsmallnumbers. Notbingshows pursuedthither,andthewa'erconduitswerecutoff. sea. ButtbeGeneralisanableman,andhehasabout elfe. Butletusnot strikeaman whoisdown. On-ward we go through a herd of policemen, all huddled up together and fearing an attack from the mob, until wearriveatadarkcellwherethosesaidpolicemen had probably thrust many a poor deviL " A ligot, aby one rapid march might have been destroyed. If ail lefcve disarmed, if you please." ing a war. These whose expectation has been moat con- light!" and so we groped about this dark, damp, andownLordClydeinIndia. Hehasthoughtlessofex- The R» H- Tucker, for Charleston, put baokto ingundisturbedthenucleusofanewformation, which honorsofwar. "No, replied Garibaldi, "you shall ploitsthanobjects,lessofwinningbattlesthanofdecid-Liverpool July 29, towed from Queenatown, leaky. • •'£ITALY. *" ItoTHKOKi July 29.—The Naziane of to-day says: ** Garibaldi haa taken Melazzoand Central Messina.be true that we hear of the g-irrison of Messioa, this Fabrezzi and Interdonato have marched to Gesso, by stantly excited will hardly now say that there has been negligence may have been less the fault of the eoDa- order of the Generalissimo. The enemy occupying delay onthe part of the popular leader. There has been manders tban of. those who were commandedi There that position withdrew immediately to Messina.can be no doubt that there are strong symptoms of in The Dictator, in a cavalry engagement a t Melazzo, deliberation and camion, but no loss of time. Garibaldi subordination in the Neapolitan army, especially cut oh with a blow of his sabre the sword-arm of the seen s to have known his difficulties. The chief of theseamong the officers, many of whon, be it said to their m.fcjor of the Neapolitan corps that was pursuing him: s tbe ill-will of some who sit in high places. Those praise, begin to understand the wre'ehed cause which afttr which the Neapolitan cavalry were dispersed and mighty ones of the earth, although not yet openly comT theyareBt-rving. According o/accountswhichmay|deetroyed—ajustpunishmentoftheirfratricidalobsti- mittedtothesupportofNeapolitanrule,arejealousoffilthy place, where stood in the corner a large white vase, tbe common place of relief forfcixor seven persons, and which waereinoved once a day. Oh, the vile stench which was in this room ! W e returned through the corridor, now occupied by policemen, took a breath of air. went down tome more steps, aud, preceded by o u r light, stumbled over heaps of books which had b«i*n eeized in domiciliary visits. There was a dark room,The Boyal troops s«ifl occupy the citadel. Baron he trusted, there is a regnlar division into parties, one, nacy. -a self-conethutea General and a popular cause. In such and a stone bed in the corner and a stone pillow; all a state of things the only safety lies in unchecked suc- was stone and all was damp and dark, aud this roomBkasoE has left for Turin " *a very fmall ore, for the old state of things, another P ARIS, July 29.—The Marquis de la Greca was in- for the constitution, and a third, ah Itilian party com- prising whatever has brains, heart, and education. trusted with a mission of proposing to France and That this state of things is not calculated to raise discip- England that they should direct a French and English line and make the army capable of an offensive move-fleet to cruise off Calabria and Naples, in orderto pre- ment need scarcely be repeated, and I should not won-Long live Italy! > Long live Victor Emanuel!The following is an extract from a letter written at Melazzo on July 21, by a volunteer from Turin to abut, as one of his battalions showed signs of insubor- dination, be returned and picked out his men, to whom be addeathe 'Swiss and Germans sent to-him from Messina. Medici bore the brunt of the action; then Cosei.z came up to his help, a n d t h e engagement be- came furious. O u r Generals exposed themselves too much, and both of them had very narrow escapes. W e took advantage of the ground to avoid the sweep of their artillery, then rose and charged at thevent any landing of GaribaJdians-The French Government signified to the Marquis itsassent to this proposal.In order to obain the adhesion of England, the Marder if it bad contributed a great deal to prevent any opera*i<ms against Barcelona. . I am so much the more inclined to think so as events lately past tend to con- firm ny opinion.While there were only irregular levies at Barcelona,politan troops should net get the better in any important -berwhich I h«d not yet seen, to whioh ttie other* were . letter may do its share toward causing Engla:d to seequia proceeded to London, and was supported by Count wanting arms a n d organization, i t mattered little Persigny in placing his demand before L:»rd John whether they were at. six or sixty mi'es from Melazzo, B u m 11. M . Thouvenel also transmitted a note t o sure as one might be that they fwould never attempt toprisoners sat. I should have been choked in half an hour bad I remained there, so horrible was the stench. In the middle was a loose stone, and below it a hole into which all the dirt of the room was emptied. Chil-" As some Alus8ulmans were bathing near the bouse of the Greek Com-ul, a flowerpot accidentally fell en the head of one of tnem. and nearly led to the massa- cre of the Consul a-id all the Christians of the place.undertake anything against that position. The arrivalLord Cowley, stating that Francewas ready to employ of Medici's column changed this state of things. In point of the bayonet. W e cried, out 'Savoy!' allnecessarymeansforpreventing Garibaldi'slanding leestbanaday'smarchibiseolumncouldgainthemain the others uttered ditt'erent battle-cries, aod soand surety, then, has the Sicilian leader proceeded; hehas iai»e"a aid drilled a large army, obtained reinforce-ments from abroad, used the resources of the island andthe goodwill of his European friends in order to obtainwarlikesuppliesofeverykiud,andnow,attheendof lonwasasdarkhotnot so filthy. I could not have Bappily,thewound inflictedontheheadof theMus- several weeks, he puts his forces in motion, and ad- imagined the existence of such foul places; foi tbe re- sulnrnn causes no uneasiness. The Consul was obliged vances against the last stronghold of the Royalists. ppect I bave for our common nature I could not have to take refuge on board a steamer of his nation. Oa . ShouldeventhenewspublishedbytheNazione bepre- believeditpossiblethatmanwouldhavesomartyrized alloccasionsthefirstcryof the Mussulmans,is, 'Letyou will have heard by tel-graph, changed the face of ferencerelativeto-EuropeaninterventioninSvriathan affairsinthisrespect. Theship hadscarcelyarrived ad referendum'. at Palermo when it set off on its first cruise, which r e -but exposed himself too much, and it is a miracle he was not kiUed. During this assault, which lasted two whole hours, w e fired verv little. I t Was the bayonetof the Marquis De la Greca. This Envoy has been where priests cougregate in herds; secondly, they have but tbey were met by a party of Bedouios, who plun- eenttocorneaunicatewiththeGovernmeatsofFrance be»-nseenandthefactsctnbeattestedbyfourother deredthemofeverything. OtherChristianswhore-and England. His letter to Lord John Russell suffi- English gentlemen Who accompanied me. Let noNAPLES, July 25 (via Genoa).—The Commander, the Napolitans that they are undisputed master's of the sea. Thus the frigate Fulminante received orders the Pjan»))i, has promised to disband his foreign troops. other day to.escort -wo French merchantS'eamers fullto retreat, into the fort. Bosco has now sent a flag of truce, and asks permission to go out with the honors of war. In these actions we hnve had at length theahonld not be accepted by Garibaldi, force should be used by the ingly condemned as exaggerations my statements, be- with a few diplomatic conference*, aud that hequ*gtion at Tuiin, Paris, and London; and notwith- standing that the Neapolitan Government had given orders for the e vacuati >n of Sisuy b y the Royal troops, in order to avoid the shedding of Italian blood.The samejournal repeats that an alliance between Piedmont and Naples is necessary for the welfare of Italy.Fifteen steamers of the Boyal fleet have left Naples . for Sicily.made the same protest.-although under the French flag, the-y returned a fo TT which he was an eye-witness. The following are ex-'* What I requested of the Government of Her Britanio Majes- ty was to be good enough in concert with France and Piedmont,march of Medici's column along the road close to the sea.I have two observations to make—these dens are in the very center of the capital of the Two Sicilies, notrelation: •'••': *This timeit was not heat of sun alone, but heat of<m the maioland. Nevertheless, Lord John Rassell road beyond Melazzo, and thus cut off and isolate this we encouraged one another. But the gettingdeclined to accede to the prdpcsal of the Marquis de la advanced post. If the Neapolitans were still in the into Melazzo was the hardest pare of the work. undisputedpossessionoftheseathiswouldbelessim- There the enemy knew the locality, was dou-Greca, on account-of the principle of non-intervention portant, for not. only could tbey endanger all opera- -which England d*aires to maintain. Up to yesterday, tions against Melazzo itself,'but likewise interrupt thethe Turkish Embassador at Paris had declared to M. Thouvenel that, being without instractions from the Poi te, he could in no other way take part in the C in-from Paris. Lord John Russell's answer to Mr. Grif- dare to defend, as they have defended, a state of things cres bave ju(>t taken place at Akkar, to the north of Embassador received his instruct'ons, which were im- to accouLts brought by tbe last French steamer from sion of the town after a regular slaughter, of the police fith was to the effect that the Envoy which has been a curse to humanity and a reflection on Tripoli. It appears that the Pas^a of Beyrout, after mediately communicated by him to M. Thouvenel, who Naples,.the example of, the Veloce is likely to be fol- and the Royalists as well. Those police .agents be- " had proposed to her Majnsty's Government that they should the civilization and Christian spirit of the age. It is having organized and directed these extensive massa- thereupon convoked a second Conference for Monday. lowed by others, While it has destroyed the illusion of haved most treacherously. The Swiss were the last mediut«befw>en the King of the Two SicUie? and Garibaldi, and against a fyetem of which these prisons form, a part cres, 1as juft severely prohibited them—that is to say. that, if that mediation for the purpose of obtuining an armistice that I have been writing for years, and the weak and be has closed the campa'gn for this year, thinking thai a n d p r o v i d i n g t h a t t h e r e s h o u l d b e n o a t t a c k o n t h e m a i n l a u d s u p e r f i c i a l a n d t h e c r i m i n a l l y i n t e r e s t e d h a v e u n c e a s - t h e E u r o p e a n P o w e r s w i l l , a/» u s u a l , c o n t e n t t h e m s e l v e sble our force, and prepared. The sbirri of the prov- ince of Palermo, tmury of the very men whom Gar- ibaldi had saved from the fury of the people, hadmature, there can be 1ttle doubt that the fiual act of the drama is at hand in Sicily.his brother.isnettobewonderedat. Wemaynowlook'lorwant to important news from Messina. Thisis tbe last place held by the Kings troops in theisland, t^MSfiSg, smaller gsrri=bD8 havings retired to Messina,m their•while Messina remained in the hands of an enemy. has been released; but justice is yet to be administered The value of the place has beeU rightlv judged by tue there, cleanliness yet to be introduced, and those " de-Generals of both parties. While the Neapolitans have positories," as Cerberus called tbero, must be closed. been fortifying themselves, bringing in fresh troops, My friend with the snuff-box and tbe Commissionerfrom Pa'ermo, and some others, were for sending out amovable column to me»t tbe column of Medici. Al-ready on the 12th tbia view triumphed, and the columnwas to have left the next morning a t dawn, b u t whenon the point of leaving, an order of Gem ral Clarysteppeditsdeparture. Therewasanothercouncilof fromariving,Bosco,with6,000men,turneduponthe notdisinclinedtothisinterference. TheEmperorNa* hasacceptedtheproposal,andcommencedanegotia- tadgis,Dwan,andtheprincipal,peopleamongthoMelazzo. situated on the norta shore, about 25 miles taken away. Bosco himself was in Melazzo with thrae scattered men, charged- with them, and either took orwhich, for the sake of humanity and religion, it is in the Lebanon are totally destroyed, their inhabitants two I atione; to procure the tranquillity and welfare of hoped bas passed away; by giving you a few details. ruined, and compelled to beg their bread. I dread to all the it habitants, and particularly to endeavor toI went with four English friends, with a special order think what will become of them during the Whiter. bring every individual back to bis house, to live there from the Minister of the Interior. Gates flew open so On the 23d of June we had a scene here which threat- in peace, and lesume the posset-s'on of his propertyIrom Meeeioa, lies only a coupl9 of mrles distant from battalions of Chasseurs and the ls> Regiment of the k'lled the rest of the fifty horsemen. Seconded by histhexraiaroadleadingalongtbeseashorefromPalermo Line,theoriginalgarrisonofMelazzo. center,henextcharged theNeapolitans, Bavarians,peace, the signature of wh>ch ha* been imposed on tho difficulties of the ground prevented refinforcements Garibaldi. It seems that the French Government was been received to-day that the Sultan's Governmeut " WeMhe undersigned, Kaimakan, Onakils, Moka-position. The right meanwhile dislodged the Neapol-. that an Ango-French squadron should cruise off Cala- itans from tome houses which they occupied. As the bria and Naples, in order to prevent any invasion byble. M«-dici, while advancing at the head of his men, the .French Emperor has become Conservative, and wishes to see Italians quiet, whether they bebadahorsehilledunderhim. Cosenzwas struckin under a Hapsburg or a Bourbon. But the duf.y Syriaassembledto-day,at2p.m,forthesecondtime,the neck by a spent ball, and.fell; he was for a mo- of England is something very different. Our policy at the Ministry for Foreign Affairs. ment supposed to be mortally wounded, but he was44 W e admit that siuce the commencement of theseonly stunned; and almost instantly he was on his legs in the Italian question is one of conviction. TheAugust next." BOMIS, July 24 (via Marseille?).—The Pope has de- Lucia, with his outoosts near where the branch road to again,, shouting' Viva VItalia!' Garibaldi, at the principle which has been accepted for the national which, subject to the acquiescence of the Porte, has disturbances, the Government, the chiefs of the coun-but little under fire, threw themselves to the sides of have been of a different opinion, but that is not now theLord Cowley to sign the convention for regulatm theintervention in Syria, on condition that the ac- above-men»ion«d conditions, and that for all that hasJuly 30 (via jGenoa).— Tne city is tranquil, but agi- at least one part of his men, must be up aod have joined Medici. In one or two days nlore tie re*t willthe Boyal troops are about to evacuate the citadel of Neapolitans to withdraw and hasten back. The mouu- ians firing from both sides. Thus assailed both right of the island, and leave the revolution which-his mere tained. The Embassadors in the conference held yes-happen*d from the commencement of the general war to the present time none of the parties has the right pf making any claim either for the present or the future: that, after the signature of this treaty whoever shall setk to break tbe peace shall be immediately punished by tbe autboiities, a n d Whoever shall endeavor t> pro-the road instead of receiving the charge on their bay- question. It may be desirable that the Sicilian General tationjrevailsintheprovinces. Itisrumoredthat navejoinedlikewise.,andthenitwillbe'timeforthe onets.:Thecavalrycame»likeawhirlwind,theSicil- should content himself for the present with the conquestquiescence of the-Porte shall have been previously ob-Messina. The PeUrie saya:J " la consequence of the taii p.althoagh high and without roads, offer no ob- and left, the commander of the Neapolitan cavalry convention concluded between Garibaldi and Gen. stacle to th»* march of light troops like ours, esoe".ially stopped, and wanted to turn back, but found the pas- in summertime, t>nd on* bold mov« would be sufficient sage barred by General Gariba'di, Misori, Statella, aad Clary, there will be a cecession of hoatili ies in the to compromise the retreat of tne Neapolitan coinimto five or HJCm*n. The General seized the officer's bri-neighborhood will cauee to-do its workin Naples; but, should he determine on an advance against the capital, there is nothing in our relations with either party which should compel us to interfere, o r can justify us m doingterday agreed upon drawing up a convention contain-ing 'six articles, and adopting the modifications desiredIsland."AFFAIBS IN" SICILY. CmeapoadeneeofXlu London Time*. , •, . «C A T A N I A , J u l y 18. After six weeks of wet and preparation, it looks as if tbe events of war would soon again resume tneirMessina. It is probably to provide for such a case dle and cried out "Surrender!" The officer replied that another battalion.of rifles left this morning at with a blow of his sabre, which Garibaldi parried, and dawn to proceed to Jesso, and reeuforce the battalion -by a back stroke cut the officer's cheek open. The lat-so. '.by the Porte. As soon as tbe said modifications shall tect him shall bo alt>o punished. All the chiefs must in have been approved by the Great Powers, the Confer- such a case uni e to prevent the recurrence of such a ence will reassemble in order to definitely sign the fact. , ' ,which occupies that position.JUL Y 20.—The engagement which was ramored yes- terday consisted simply of an advance of a few com- panies of Medici's for. e on the 17th to dri ce away twoter fell from his horse. Meanwhile, three or four sa- bres were raised against .the General, who wounded, one of his'assailants with a thrust of hie sabre, whileMi-ori killed two others and the horse of a third with— Correspondence of t h e London Times.convention.THE MASSACRES IN SYRIA. Correspondence of The London Times. «*' The orders of the authorities will be isaued in con- formity with the regulations of the mountain. The Kaimakan and the Mokatadgis must also conform tri^ir actions to the administrative regulations of the Laba- non,without any change, and must promptly execute all the orders ot the authorities, and mako the la'.ter ac- quainted with the state of affairs whenever it may bemarch. Tbe turn of the eastern portion of the island. Companies ofthe 9th Neapolitan Cnasseursfrom a mill bis revolver. Statella brought down one antagonist, wheretheNeapolitansstillboldoutinforce,hascome. wheretheywereonguard to«-uperiotendthegrinding while another, who> sprang at Misori's throat,was Tbe four points in their possession are the Peninsula of of corn for the garrison of Melazzo. The Neapolitans killed by the fourth shot ot hi* revolver. While this Melazzo, Messina Agosta, and Syracuse. were driven aw*y after a few shots, aod the corn struggle was drawing to a close, Garibaldi rallied h sprisons of the Prefecture. Last Wednesday I went tosee tbofe of the Vicaria, and, though eOine mealy-mouthed people are fond of saying " L*t bygones be I could of the rapid progress or the civil war iu Syria. necessary so to do. They must use all their efibrts to bygoneSj" 1 must deal another dea h^blow to a system I need only say that the whole of the Christian villages promote union, friendship, a n d concord between t h eto Messina, and is connected with it by a branch of the and Swiss with the bayonet. The Neapolitans fled airoad. The mouutalt chain which intersects tne islaad Tbe plan of tbe Neapolitans is evidently to tike up once, but the Bavarians and Swiss made a short stand readily that the walls of the Vicaria were astonished, ened our lives at any moment. Ou that morning a without any one throwii g any obotaclo or moleatimrfor its whole length has a much mora rapid fall toward the north than toward tbe interior; hence ita slopes are much more capable of defense, and less exposed toa flank position at Melazzo, where they -ire uuder shei ter of the caatle and its guns, andthns force our column eithtr to stop and attack them, or else leave a part of tbe troops behnd as a carps d'observation. Withbefore they gave way. This decided the fate of thegrim gaolers smiled, and au old inspector plied us with Christian wasreported to have killedaMOBIOUITal- him in so doing. They shall, in ca-e of need, lend their hissnuff. The first apartments, assigned to those of though many still sny that a Moslem in a quarrel killed cooperation to the people, in conformity with the regu- condizione civile, are not so bad—Hhey have been .re- oneofhisownsect),andimmediately ageneralde- lations of the Government, and with the aid of his E x -being outflankedi Tbe deep beds of the tarrent rivers 20,000 men in Mussina, this plan is, to say the least, THE LETTER O F KING VICTOR EMANUELcently whitewashed—but a s w e g o t mors into t h e mand for the life of the Christian was made, aud by 9 depths of the prhon-house w e began to discover its o'clock every place of business was clostd. The Caria- amiable peculiarities. Many of the chambers were tians shut themBelves up in their houses^ and the Mos- almost dark and very damp, so damp that a chill lems paraded the streets armed, and vowing vengeance.c llency the Mushir.44 Prompt means shall be adopted as soon as possible to put an end to any cause of disuuion, and re- eU^re.rthttionsof friendship and general tranquillity, conformably to the will and to the orders of the Sultan,are so many positions guarding the approach toward timid, and with the little reliance which can be placed Meteina. As the road leads close to the sea, the right on the Neapolitan fleet, may cost them the garrison of of a defending army is always sife on that side, while Melazzo, if not more. • .ontheothertherapidmountainslopesandthealmost Gen.Sirtori,tbepro-dictatorofSicilyduringthe com plete absence o f transverse roads make the position absence of Garibaldi from Palermo, issues the follow-equally safe. This is, above all, the case in the neigh- ing proclamation: borhood of Melazzo, where a long mountain spur,TO GARIBALDI.The following is said to be a copy of the letter re-called the Pizzo di Papacuri, runs down close to the sea. On the right flank of it lies the peniosala onPKOVISIONAT. OOVETtNMKNT OF SICILY.CITIZENS: Tbe Dictator having gono away for somebark all the specie, books, ccc,ou board her Majes- ty's ship Exmouth, as affairs looked worse every moment. A t last a poor Christian w a s fixed upon a s tho victim, was tried and condemned on evideuce of the most triviul character, and was beheaded the same evening, aud left till next day exposed to viewcellency the Mushir. But, as it is admitted that the principal causes of disordcr«are to be found in the care- lessness with which the orders aod regulations of the adn inibtrHtion are executed, the uudersigned beseech his Excellency to take effectual measured for Jhe ud- minittration of justice with impartiality to every one.41 All the Mokatadgis and officials must perform tho duties confided to them with zt-al and'attention, in con- formity with the regulatious of the mountain, without allowing any oue to be treated with the slightest iujas- tice—duties "which it is hoped they will fulh.il with con- scientious eagerness aud impartiality.44 Conformably with the above, peace is concluded between us oii the condition above named, aud it has hem considered proper to draw up four copies of it. rigmd by each nation, two of which will be exdumged betweentheparties,and two willbepresentedtohis Kxcelkucy the Mttrhir, to be tkspt in the archives of the Government, and serve as the ru'e of conduct for the present and for the future. ' [Here follow the aig- mttutee.]days from this generouscapital, has charged me to takeday." • • ' • ' • . "country. On the contrary, the British Cabinet agreed generally with that of Turin that it would be better if Garibaldi were to refrain from on attack on the King of Naples'continental dominions. On this eubject wesign the convention.PARIS, July 31.—Lord John Rus?ell has authorizedtaken plac*;'44It has consequently been agreed, with the help of God, to draw up this treaty of general peace on the»THE PRISONS O F NAPLES.NAPLES, July 24.A few days since I sent you a report of a visit to thecently addressed by King Victor Emanuel to Gen. struck to tbe bones; others were perfectly dark, aud By about middav the ex.-itement had become so greatGaribaldi:" G E N E R A L : You know that I did n o t approve ofyour expedition, and that I -was entirely foreign to it; but to day, the very, grave circamstances in which It*ly is placed make it a duty to enter into direct c^mrnuai- cation with you.Cerberus,whowasratheranxiousforthehonorofthe house, endeavored to give us the idea that this chaaiber wa8 merely a lumber-room; another was no longer used, a n d then a third—it w a s a mere nothing—it was aeelees to open it. The Conunisaionei; for closing the. Criminali sai*., "Don't dispute it, they were.,allthattbeOttonhanBankdeemeditadvisabletoem- whomGodpreserve,andtotheiuteatiousofhUEx-which stands the castle of Melazzo. From this point tbe reins of state in bin absence. Although the mis-backward, the mountain approaches closer and closer sion is beyond my strength,"I have accepted it.without evacuate the whole of Sicily, and voluntarily abandon- down many a staircaee, past many a gloomy cell, in the Grand Place. On his way to the place of ex-" In the event of the KiDg of Naples consenting iq prisons, but speak of them as ' depositories.' " • Down,to the sea, making all operations over the mountain hesitation, certain as I am to find in you honest co- ing all species of action, and formally pledging himself through the iron-plated doors of which not a sigh could ecution ho was wounded several times by the knives of mors more and more difficult, until you come to Gasso, operation, submission to the laws and those self-sacri- to exercise no pressure whatsoever upon the Sicilians, pass, we arrived at length at the lowest part of Jtho the Moslem mob. The next day (Sunday) went ofi" where the road turns to the south-east, and, traversing ficing virtues without which no liberty can be founded, so that the.latter may freely prououuee their will, and building. " UselCBSto open these doors," said Cerbe- quietly,. but few peo'ple ventured oat in tUo streets, the chain, descends into Messina. no State can be powerful. The Dictator goes to pat choose tfce mode of government which they may pre- rus. " But open that," said the Commissioner, and it and on Monday, with a view to start business again,The Neapolitans have not overlooked the advantages bims*lf at tbe head of our army which is operatiog id fer, 1 believe it will be wise in you to renounce alto- grated upon iis ii-on hiotree. A small chamber not the Bank sent on board for a portion of the epocie; offered to them by these two points, which present the province of MeBsina. I have the firm conviction gether any further enterprise upon the Kiugiomof' three feet wide was visible, and then another thick but tbose who owed money had also money owing to such facilities that a imall force would be able to arrest that tbe conqueror in all the combats he has hitherto Naples. In the contrary event, I expressly reserve my door with bolts, whim opened into dark vaulted pas- them, and teemed determined to keep what they iiad the march of a large column. With this view they engaged with the enemies of Italy is destined to achieve entire liberty of action, and relieve myself of making sages, which stretched away to Castel Otvo, said Cer- for any emergency. Protest after protest came iu, andIhave not only kept Melazzo, but strentbeted it like- !axy comment to you in regard to yonr projects."THE -POLITICAL-ASPECT O F SICILIAN AFFAIRS. :"'•'berus, that is full two miles oil';. " but they are no longer UBed," he added,. " see the rubbish !" - I saw , however/in tbe freshness of the paint, iu the perfection of the iron plates, of the bolts, and iu the new load with which the sockets had been coldorod, indications of a reauiness for use. The will aud tho intention evi •a general panic rofgned over the whole plaoe. I snouldUll you that during all this no stops wore, taken by thoGovernment to disperse the mob. The Pasha was atthe foot of tho mountain under pretense of stoppingthe*Druses, should thoy make an attack on Beyrout,Some of the better class of Moslems, who deplore theseailiiiiH deeply (perhaps from pecuniary views), endeav-wise with new works, filling it at the same time with new- and s gnal triumph*. Although grieved that Iall the garrison which it could conjain. It was con- cannot share with him the dangers of the coming bat- sidered as an advanced post of Medina, whicli in its tles. I find a consolation in the thought that I am de-torn was encaen as a new. base of operations omthe voting myself to the well-being of your country, whichisland. I t did good service in the former insurrection "both for its new and old glories I love with the affec-• From The London Timet.Affairs in Southern Italy have now reached a point dently had existed very recently.ary w ar and it was expected to do the same this time. tion of a child. Bender my task easy by showing me thatdevotednesswhichyou showtothemanwhom Iatwhiclitheywilldemandmoreseriousattention thai e\er. from the Cabinets of Europe. Tne complete sus- cees of Garibaldi is no longer a matter of doubt. IfItisannouncedthatthe-H)(hBattalion of Cha*seur» plete the brigade to be oommauded by General BsaaSure of the command of the sea, and hence of com- am proud to have for my chief.SIRTORI.oicd to quiet the mob;butI know one who wasFrom the foul charnel-houoes themselves, where, struok by his own people. I am not sure whether we de Vincennes, at present at Civjtft Vecehia, IMto eom-munication with the mainland.the strong works in the harbor and on the mole offered almost insurmountablefJPaitrmo, Jnly 18.even after all the cleanliness which has been introducedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069••/Untitled DocumentTleirnjattre8se8wereonthedampstonegrouad,and ore of iiiem .complained of the awful irtiok—it mast come out,no other word will give it—in hiscell. These m en merited, however, little compassion, for,encounter. Such an event woaid not only discredit Garibaldi and discourage his followers, but it would revive tbe confidence of the soldiery, and, perhaps,theothers. Thereisabtoneseateiectedhereandtheremaster for Whom they had successfully fought. Slowly against the wall, one foot square, on which the Tripoli, in Syria, dated tbe 8th iust.:-inspire them with somethingofloyalty towardstheThe following accounts have been receivedfrom.JThat- the Court of Naples looks with little hope onTh* desertion of the steam-frigate Veloce, of which ns like the very devil. Garibaldi fought like a lion, the exertions of its troops is evident from the mission a stone's throw from the Royal Palace; in a country turbances would urise, fled with a par'of their property,Yesterday (Saturday) only, at 1 p. m., the Tarkijh sumed in the capture of the Ducad'Alba and Elba that gained thejday. We nave lost many of our com-steamers with troops and money for Sicily. According rades in those ascurs.ed streets, but we gained posses-NAFLXS, July 24 (via Marseille*).—The ' official of troops to Messina. When the moment of departare . pleasure of seeing a goodly number of the SiciliansGovernments of Great Britain and France,, with a view of impos- ing such an anniatice upon him "To that proposition," says Lord John Russellj " Her Majesty's Government have' declined to assent.it M. De la Greca, in bis letter of explanation modifies this statement but very slightly:came, forsooth, they did not care to have their reposeor some other may hereafter continue the destruc- tion of the Chri-tians. The Consuls are now oc- cupied in co.letting all the details of those massacres, and each of them becomes horrified at the facts which come to light. Some children only four years of »ge have been found banging by the neck like criminals; naked women attached to treeshyjournal contains an article expressing regret at the arrived tbe officers and crew went onshore, protestinghostile aggressions made in Sicily while negotiati ma that they would not escort an expedition against their are being carried on for the solution of tne pending own brothers. It was replaced by another era w, whichfighting, like ourselves, in the open field, and following us manfully when charging with the bayonet.distnrbed..' ' • TTHE EAST.The- Presse publishes a letter from M. Alexandre The twcMeamers »eft,therefore, without escort, but, Dumas, describing the engagement at Melazzo, ofhours. afterward, the commanders declaring that they Tvonld not expose themselves to being captured or Bunk by the Vtloce. /With this disposition of the Neapolitan fleet, and with the column of Medici so close at hand, it was necessary t o take a resolution, and a s soon a s Medici s approach was known a discussion arose about what was to be done. Tne commander Clary seens to have been of opinion that Melazzo shonll be left to its fate,tracts:At dawn on the 29ih all the troops were in move-ment to attack the Neapolitans, w h o had come Out of the fort and village of Melazzo, which they occupied. Malenchini commanded the left; Gen. Medici and" Co eenz the center; while the right was composed of a few companies only, intended to cover the center and loft wiig from a surprise. Garibaldi was in. the center, where the action was expected to be the sharpest. Tbefiringbeganonthe-leftfromtheNeapolitanout1- poBts, concealed in a reed-bed half way between Meri aid Melazzo A quarter of an hour later the center attacked th«- Neapolitan line, and drove it from its firstPAIUS, July. 28.—It is asserted that the represent-to exercise a pretsure upon (jaraba?di, with the view of obtaining atives of the Powers will hold another conference on their hair were Jelt to perish in that position. If thethrown theni selves into the houses and were pepperingpaL*ces. We paddle through the filth; and pass by a #doorway into tbe dungeon beyond, dark and damp liVethe lives the in sacrificing to uphold a Moslem Power. I an, Sir, yours. A BEYROUTINE.•us'kill the Christians!' A t Horns a Greek prieHt has iust been murdered b y t h e Mussulmans, because h e lately obtaintd' permission to place a email bell ou his church. A number of Christians, foreseeing that dis-niained in the town are closely watched, and their fate tions, which, moreover, are clearly defined in-a dispatch Englishman, therefore, for very shame, hencefor<vaid does not appear to me to be doubtful. Fresh massa-ciently indicates the nature of M. De.la Greca's instruc-a real trure for six.months.Bo thit the negotiations for an alliance with Piedmont might be brought to an ixuue, and that the meet- ing of the national representation might take place."Now, although the Neapolitan Envoy says that, the"idea of directly employing force against Sicily" neverentered his mind or that of the Government, he omitsto inform us how ho proposes that " a pressure shouldbe exercised " upon Garibaldi without some such em- sent the followiug message to the Marqaie de Lava- of what he promises. The administration is confided ployment of force. It seema pretty clear that, if the to depraved men devoid of honor and of conscience, greatpowersdeterminetotakethis'course,material lette: "TelltheEmbassadorthat,attheriskofmy andwhowillneverexertthemselvesexcepttodo pressure must be used where moral pressure has been life, I shall wash out the stain upon the. honor of evil."Monday next, upon the convention relative to inter- vention in Syria.Powers are satisfied wirh the mere dismissal of the Patha a massacre of another series of Christians will take place here in a short time. In vain the Sultan will make promisee without being able to performP ARIS, July 29.—The Monitcur publishes a corre- spondence from Constantinople, dated the !8th inat., which states that Fuad Pasha, before lejaviog forSyria,tbem better than he has bhherto done, for he will never be obeyed, except be orders exactly the contraryThe London Morning Post has the following:" PAIUS, July 29.—Official intelligence has only Christians by tbe Turks and the Druses:In this sitting, tbe French proposal for intervention,BKYROUT, July 15, 18G0. Time does not permit me to give you such details a s www.fultonhistory.come»m 