 Election of Delegates in South Carolina.&KTWG OF THE CITIZENS OF CHARLESTON.THSPUTlOftJ PITIS4 TONHEUHM A Priofto, T.U.Barker, 8aml. Lord, it., W.S-Hastw,C. U Borcksifw, A McKenaie,j * h t s . n a * W.4 Hlto«, F . M eJchert, W. Y.Letleh.almost every part or the house had been examined before Thtae ships. with three ethers, were nwbueiy eel 1 front the cellar waa finally searched. The large furnace whichtiesamestandbythesamepartiesonthe90thteat,and istherelocatedwasexamined,andthebodyofachild,S i m o n * • » r a l t o i K» M * « * * ' , - a w . a w a s ~ " m J t i 2 fttM«>4 look hi* »*ti am:: >»* aoplad«e »' i**5 meeting. SSSliS^-w.ii-.tMM. meeting»-further ac- M S by r*T.e*i«« M *'/•>" t*o»l"»»«». *h i w e B»'n'* ^ d to advice !"«"»-* r^ v,c. uro-ul^ wereuTlieitot»k#>chnr«n*«.in*p>«"»rm hethepre-Ineouiy w sy to select a President w a s b y s conren BM i,,, The organiMMon was oarwied. and au^ptea tton The Democratic National Convention had never numiaaled an unsound m an South Carolina must stand or tail with th e fourteen other slave States, who would have delegates at m e Convention. There wero as good m«-u in the other Southern SJUtta a s in Sou'h Carolina. ».uih Carolina should go in and help select a good m » i, and not set the Pharwee, thanking God she wasby the meeting — toUow —H'-a- JAMKS MHOS*. Coairmaayou allknow well—William Cullen Bryant. (Applause ) his understanding, tbere was some sufficient rear* forHon. H 0Hon A P.H«yne.Hon Jsmes Rne«-H m John Schmerle. Hun T L Huichuaon.i*u*» T . !.<fwad*>«. (Vii Ch*« Kaaaptux Robert M;»•A M.'IV**"- •»Win. S Eliint,SK. MK: ut. Iisthecbi'dfromtheupperpartoftbehouseintothecellar and placed it in th e furnace; 6ho seem ed a rather ignorant g'rl, and did not seem to appreciate that she had been uotog anything wrong: I was present at the past mortem exam ination, saw th e hydrostatic test applied to the laugs; tberewasnoevidencetoshowthatthechildever breathed.Geo. B Bouton, M D , being duly sworn, deposed as fellows;—1 bave made a post-mortem examination of the body of the dead child now lying in this station; I find it to be that of a male child of small size; externally there are indications of extensive burns; the right arm is burn- ed and the right side of the body charred; the right lung, waa also charred; both lungs, when subjected to the hydro- static test, did not indicate that respiration had been es- tablished.The evidence here closed, and the case w as submitted to the iury, who, after a short deliberation, brought in a verdict of "Stillborn. 'Grace Heenan Is still lying in a rather precarions convoted is not KLown. They may have done to because they thought a proper division of local from federal authority, w some provision or principle of tbe constitution, stood isths way; or they m ay, without any such question, htrt voted against the prohibition, on what appeared to then tobesufficieutgroundsofexpediency. Noonewhskm sworn to support the constitution con conscientioatly rote-m - dL i| * • panussaat.We do n* beUemdid. To do so wouki be to aiscard ailthe fsjhtsof cwr» experience— to reject *n jM^Bgress-ail « £ • * • • " What1dosaym,thaitfwewould «W>1«<J*<*• and policy of our fathers, « aay caevTM • ~ T _ j•tilltoMimtml^ %-.\ TRisrTtto ran MawonrorDANIKIFAHSMAWThe Nowslavery waa then actually in the ceded country. Under stoaerely beherea "our fathers, who "»***, _.••these circumstances Congress, o f taking charge of these government under which w e U v e ," w ed m ^countries,didnotabsolutely prohibitslaverywithinthem. phedprtociptee,inethercceea,which ought Mitaw-jmmBut they did interfere with it—take control of i t - them to understand that a proper d,vi»ioe of L^Z-oven there, to a certain extent. Io 17tf* Congress federal authority, or saaae part of the otasfM awe."^of the definitetw oparty formm ay a n dinto a concenexpou<Mi'.sEDWARD N DICKER30N,J Dated New York, Feb. 21,I860.It is very well put upon the stage, and the acting is highly creditable tothe managers. The novelty of theMuseum appears never to wear off, and with its endless variety of strange things—ite bears, seals and lecture room—will always draw full house", despite the hard times andthevie* I'ltsst'ocrr*.W B Oiogle.ThoseofyouwhoaretofavorofMr.Bryantwillbe pleasedtosay"Aye." (Loudcriesof"Aye") Thoseopposing such prohibition in that case The eaten I torn mentioned are tbe only acta of the " thirty nine,' or of any of them, upon the direct tome, which 1 hare beet able to discover. To enumerate the persons who toes atatd, aa being four to 1164,three to 1787, aeventeea to 1780. three in 17S8,two in 1864,and two to 1810$0- there would be thirty-one of them- But thto would b» counting John Langoon, Roger Sherman, William F ee,E Gedoiags. M. l>. nu|ii R Ranks.Col D L McKay. WtnBullHrmg'e. •w H GtllilaadW. H HoustoB- iolJohni'billips. r*.MetebrrsAlei H.Brown. H. t. Strohecker William Raveiiel. Sam I lord,SrRichard Vacon, Geo. M.OolBn, ttW e Mitchell,HenryC.KIOR, I.N.Reynoii*J.ia, Wm.MMartin.K W.Eilsertow,John S Ri«g«, A 11. DuaWia, •rnarl*" .v.»t'»n.I>r J B l'»inci<, <j. L. Barcliin>'*r, Artli.!- M H i£-',t;«u.W.W.iliaiiut, Henry I'oOia,a.C l'retsliy.>K .-trvt;. Robert Vrn^le. .l.n . rr H »-'"i-.contract between New York, NewOrleans,CaMortiaand\rr.u ^'Biroa. .I»,v.h (1*11.(. I K Lauacau. .1JM'i'i'W.v I Magraih,.fa.«.b ion *•!.•j«> *'Hl»"kK 1 RiV«soo, K.0.H. W ConnerK iii'l l'al'l»*'ll. W n ft •MUIII..: H * -,a"i-yer RoiwrtM *"-»IC'\, II»urv T rY%We,Win Urv«"> >I. <',•>!II-U'V••-'*-, M V'sivif.1, ii•:"V-vt:\.ir, .t.em : ')'N,-i,'.b o f r rconventions in themselves, but only the made ot electingorlegates in BOOM-States. The South hai a guaranty inthe two tHrd rule. Gentlemen could not de*ire n, Obi:uv-w»ii ahoui the State,orto ot-graie hertoa ciera rt»nMarinorepublic l*ithemaUendtheCoaventioo, Oregon,lastfail.Mr.WILUAH Crura BRYANTthen cameforward amidleud applause. He said—My friends, it is a grateful office\V iiII">Vh i>-.•The esse is to be tried ia the United States DistrictConit for the Eastern Hielrict of Louisiana li hn* beenseveral tunes postponed by government,o*tensioly forthepurtxve ol obtaining additioual proofs of the stealer'sguilt, but tbe real and legitimate caese being no doubt to seeiftheownerswouldcoireconsidertheir determinationof admittedthatshewastbemother;thatithadbeenbornthe holding the governmeit responsible for the ship (whichandj federal authority, or act thing to the constitution they badmade themselvesandswornto support,forbadetl* federalgovernmentto controlastoslaveryinthefederal Territories. (Cheers) Tbcs the twenty One acted, tat asactionsspeak louderthanwords,aoactionsundersack responwbi ity speak still louder. Two ol the twenty,r .i •1; :**i,C<>i. R.W.3*vtao'<.rb'"i>g lou'iif called for res;>onded. Ii but ostice to say that ne out pvyntoured Sey no-xr in ih.-«p<.'C&. Atonetime he aIvooatod the issues of the mating,aniata:<jtoerstormetJatiuoppaaeiiti. fienn- rrV athe iaeaof d>ug alone for patriot-sia; he preferred to. «e and walk about after such were lead. But steaogra- pb> ; LiOcography. and all tbe 'ographies combined would !»..' i-i lepirt d ie Colons"* speech, and we roroear. It w » r>.r-'.vi it with much appladse. ana voted oy all a remark a b i e e U o i t I t i t a a t b e c l o s i n g a i o r c s s o f t h e m e e t i n gT:i \ AII•-1..^principlesd ie d a n dtrated uponand reprebcnutives of that opinion and th UJprinciples. Tha principles wo regard as if iniiaito-ly greater importance than th.- men, and therefore it isthat • « desire to have a voio- in th e d»scu&jion, aud «vote in the settlement of them. Ii it be true that ao effort recommend what shall be done in an event boding soindividualsas thacootlicatheiravowed purpose of hostility to tbe institution oi slavery as itprevails in the Southern States," she thinks tiK time has surely come when they shall consult together and_her rifjhm and Honor. That peril oo.wtsu in th e awiflss, and purposes out of which the ropub-has anysag; and Ma consummation will be •">jhs lecesaton of that party to the powersAbraham Baldwin, Pierce But'er, Rufus King, Daniel Carroll, William Patterson, James Madison,man agreeing with m em Now and here, let m»f mibe mounted its cnotcePrecisely at one o'clock, Mr. Narshall O. Roberto and aMr. Matthews, a regular licensed auctioneer, mounted thostand, and the latter read the above advertisement; there- season of Lent, which aiTects nearly all places ofwillbemattein theConventiontoevadethefunaa1fair mu:hmischiefandcalamitytotheir rights andintorestsliberotelytime, ore absolutely ._does not such affirmation become impudently swart wnen coupled with the other aftlrotaUon, rrom tn« ftw* mouth, that those who did the tco things alleg*dIfltoa- cobstotentunderstoodwhethertheyreallywereincase* tent better than we—better than he who affirms that thr areinconsistent' (Applauseandgreatmerriment)&•reccguit>on of our Territorial rights, it is t'ie stronger reason why thevasal an! jiotiiiijal weight of Soi-h Caro- lina kbonid be there to foil any such attempt; an 1if then willberepresentedintheConventionNorthernStatuthat cannot give a demo-ratio vote, u not that of itself a cogent arguineBtwbyevery Southeru 6tateihat caugiveado mocratic vote should be preseut to <l«signato tbe condi- tions on which alone that vote can be ha ir In the eventand four o'clock yesterday morning, a fire broke outIf Mississippi had been influenced by a determination or of a division or a content, let the StatoC iiights m en and. even a desire to withdraw from this sisterhood o;" States, ;heSouthernRlgntsmen,whetherof theNorthorofthe I»m very sure that she would haveselected anotaerrV>uib. have all the encouragement and str a>{th tiat can agent to pkad her cause before the Stale of Virginia. But t>ebroughtwithinsupport lo fac,nothing&plaineror tfin hersinceredesire to bo enabled to eujov allthem ay b e fairly called '• our rathers w h o free* the governm ent under which w e live." Aad » assuming, I defy any man to show that any « • them ever in hiswhole life decared that, to btooesri standing, any proper division of local from fens*better understood than that the peopiu of tie Soutberu States constitute, forall practical purpose*, to-.- d-mnra- ttc party, and that uo conslitutiooal right or principle whichtbsyuniteindemandingcanbeigaartsdorrefused Letthembeanatothemselves,sitinginconcertasapeo- ple should who hare a common interest and »common des- tinyj4esnanling noUimg but what is right, aoc. suhmaung to aottung that at wrong; asarrtiag their coosit'uUonal rtghttoanequalenjoymentof theTerritoriesasthecom-fproperty of the people of ail the Statue, and the oon 1ditty of thegovernment, in mlits aeptrtaienti, to protect them in that as In all their other rights—and wsdonotretdespairthat thereisgoodsenseandvirtusenough left, bothta theparty and in the country, to carry through triumphantly a cause that deserves to sneoeed, because it has its foundation in the plainest principiea of juatiesantof theconstitution.We are not ignorant or nnmrodful of the great peril that ithe South, nor do are yield to any to real dero-1torights of perfect equality In tbe Union (as she hopes to do by means of this proposed conference) sheshall lie dis appointed, then 1have no hesitation in Saylog thatshe( willpreferandresorttoIndependenceouofit.the original constitution; and hence it is not recorded thattho " Ihjrty-uiue," or any of them, whib engaged on thatinstrument, expressed any opinion on that precise question. In 1789, b y th e first Congress which sa l under tb econstitution, an oc*.was passed to enforce the < 'rdmanse authority, or a&y part of ihe conatitetion,forbade Wheld an hjquett yesterday, at No. 808 East Twelfth street fa,twThJl* *tVmUm**a ***"*to^d**"-*on thebody ofa littlegirl,roaryearsold,namedAnnOftb *South Mlof James Breer, an uuant, ten monthsat 1«S b a t Twenty sixth street. bythe of hsssW water, which wan by thewithout being dependent on friends for the.r support She belongs to one of the best families at the south, end herfather(Mr.Key) wastheauthor ofthat beanttrul national rallying song, " T h e Star Spangled Banner,". which h e wrote while in sight ofhto native State of Mary-ttnd, aprisoneron boardofan Englishman-of-war,in thelast struggle with Greet Britain. This inspiring piece ofpoetry,atUierequestofherfriends,Mrs.Btontwillreciteonthisoccaaion. ofexceedinglyInterestinglecturesontow,byJudgeaadaeaa of the people of a republic for which thad, aad m which ao many ws than anil htrs toft to uswe shall he aa that w e have toftof the con*J^«f>»^imdjrhrlMR ^ O .c r a t i J O o B T M U o a , M> • » : — Cot J. J Pope,CM.T.Y.tiisssii, CoL Henry»»M , CM. t. LaUBMU, DarMRam*ay,M. t. O'Connor,G. S ReyaoKta,Jritesauel0 Stoaey,A. A JJU»B»S««,Cri.i J Hettifrew,FAw.J^ff^LJ. J.w^aodSTtf£• oeiraUoti.'which cntnptetotTthe rey c a t e r s e y ,a a db o t hh i do f f b y O o m m o d o r eV a a d e r b a h f o rm e d i a t e l y i n s t i t u t e d t o a s c e r t a i n i t s c a u s e , a n damonsthenproceededtoaddrwa thameet- inimtlvorof^pl-sge^^resotatk^ Coi.Simons<r M s repnoitoaw port.rtpAtt,«ad thede*r>***£?•?"?Win. Cbaae Barney waa present and b id $30,000 on eachFmon in-Ciarle»toe Mercury. *'«-e.84 )A publie meeticset Uw e****wi of CMrVr«'>a :n favor S ^ h ^ a n ^ s e t s < ~ c W tba ccoas«in, and w e will ship, beng W.0O0 over Commodore VenderblK—these<•'thAMprw*tattoo«*•*»'t»h"'-»-<»««iaib-»*;>r»r>*c<ilog ConveoUoc of tee w u m lrt»«MH*rat*;party W this city. waa h*M at the tliixwbtta H«»i U*« eveoiog ltae weatherwere the only bids offered. Barney w aa distinctly told by Mr. Roberta, w ho noted as auctioneer, that no more bogus bids would be acoepted—that they had once been sold to a bogus biIder—that if he expected to get the ahips themoneymustbepaiddownbeforeheleftthestand.AletterwaaalsoreadbyMr.RobertsfrontB.H.Chee- v«r, before the sale, protesting against the aale, claiming thathe was tbe lawful owner of the ships, and offering to complv with the terms of his pnrchaae.Alter the snips were fairly struck off toComssodore Vanderbiit, Barney protested against the sale, and offered o deposit tbe m oney ($50,000) b y three o'clock, hut tbe Commodore being present with tw o certified check* of$100,000 each, was rather too much for his competitor.W. Chafce Barney, it will be recollected, Waa the eepe. ciai friend of Commodore Johnson, the great mall con- tractor, who were jointly biddera for nearly every mailwas stormy. hut the ball w as nearly meetingentirelyrespectobk-hall tali, end the »«-ta^toMofZZTt,« i tAitsotottonrftothenIhsre « «notikeOow.in.liee<m0>|tt«lHS,•«*»moved «***«•••"•• t o lZm%ikee4inmtution. Thedemocratic party alonepre- vfot«itbiapartvtromtriumphing Inproorofthis,be uted the uanaimous support given to Mr. Bocock, during the receot contest for Speaker, quoted Irom \adanlignam oti»0K», Fernando Wood of New York, and Senator Fitch of IndianaTMZm**a*ct h a no t h e r sS i r .C a lh o u nd i dn o to p p o s ewho are opposed will aay "No." to no " No." (Laughter.)(No response.)Therean'' hail tbe Northern and grea' the South-rn detegues. Ovi Simocs' speerh was> delivered ia an earne*t and i'lipassioued style, a n i he si^msd to carry uia audiencewtnbunHK>RY C KiMi, K«q seconded the reiilutioat in ai b o r t s p e e c h , i n w t u c u h e a c k n o w l e d g e d b e H i t b e e u a a nil whig m e woulo soeak tor that party. Ii w ai H ie to utMMitf oc polic?. Partv ties weru broken. South Carfi- ;«»» i-boula netknewmure than herBisterSutos HethatIperforminintroducingtoyouatthistimeaaemi- RufusKingandGeorgeRead,eachtwice,aadAbraham'nent *citiacn of the W est, whom you know—whom you Baldwin four times. (Applause.) He was a Georgian,deniedtherightsofindividual property,trampledupon the rights of sovereign and independent States, and in their insolence and wickedness havn actually shed slave- holding blood upon slaveholding soil, for the avowed pur pose of destroying, without tneir consent, th e relation ofmaster and slave.Although,fir,ItwasnotMississippi soil thatwas thus polluted by the Invader's foot, nof itissisaipyi"» jurisdic- tion that w as thus defied and aggressed upon o y lusoioaftotbeWest,MosesTaylor,St.LouisaudDanielWebsterwill beusedtorrunningtheline betweenNewYork,Havana and Nicaragua, and between New Orleans, Havana. Grey-own and ABpinwal), and also tor a spare steamer be- tween New York and thelast named portACCOUNT BT ANOTHER RBFORTES. Underthefollowing advertisementtbe steamshipsJUL nois and Most s Taylor were yesterday offered for sale at thetobayo<hestreetsingoodorderallthetime. contractor have fairplayIncarryingoutthis important matter. In taking hold of the job he llnds everything inban we. (laughter andcheers.) But,sofarIhare beenconsideringtheundemandingofthequestionman; fested by the lromers of the original constitution. In and bytheoriginalinstrumentamodewasprovidedfor amendingit;and,as Ihave already•toted thepresto; frame of government under which we live consists of that original, and tw elve am endatory articles framed tad adoptedsince. ThosewhonowinsistthatfederalcontrolThe country to now divided into tw o ^reat parties, thathave utterly absorbed all others. One of these is the and wickedness, I beg to assure your Excellency, and, Merchants' Exchange;—I chaos, out of which he has to introduce order and sys-tem—noemail undertakinginour modernBabel. Itap-pears no formal contract has as yet been entered intowith Mr. Smith, tbe arrangement with the Citv Inspectorbeing merely conditional, and even without the concur need not now be repeated. I take these "thirty nine, lates. and, at I understand, they all fix upon pronsK* rence of the Mayor and Comptroller,republican party, the other the democratic party. Tha former isconfined exclusively to the North,and hasno rest or the .-*>le of its root in any Southern State, the lat- ter, with a larger constitutional embrace,liin is a home and a racognitioa in every State of thu Confederacy, North and South. The one wa^es war against the social system of one of the two ureal sections of the Union: the other p r o c l a i m s e q u a l i t y o f r fc r b t t o a l l s e c t i o n s a l i k e .The republican party is animated by the fell spirit of (aoalicuim,compounded with thelostofexclusive politicil domination. T he democratic party, rebuking th e pas- sions ana prejudices that seek th e elevation of one part of the country in th e proscription a n d degradation of th e other, proposes to take its stand on the ground of prin- ciple, to make its appeal to the justice aud magnanimity of the country, and to stake its political fortunes upon lis successordefeattathegreatbattleabouttobefoughtfor the equal rights of the Slates.Itcannotbedeniedthatthedemocratic party isno* the only national (-ou.-x.i-.ti.mat party in th e ounlry. T o place it upon the tree ground of principle, and tlian to strengthen tt> arm for the conflict, would seem to be the duty of every patriot, and tats is what w e pro^oietod*.We regard theConvention onlj asa policy, and as ameans and instrutnentsiitv whereby the oatn'ou and thuthrough you, the people of Virgmls, that thoy whose voice I this day apeak were not less indignant, nor less willing to avenge the outrage than if it had been perpetrated upon their own territory. But it is condoling to know that the same historic page that records the foul deed will also transmit to posterity the noble manner in which Virginia repelled the insult, avenged the wrong, and vindicatedNotice is hereby given, that in pursuancept the deedof trust executed outhe17th dayof August,A.D 1947,the undersigned trustees will aell at public auction,onTuesday, the 10th of January next, at 1 o'clock, P. M.,inthe Rotunda of the Merchants' Exchange. New York city,the following named steamships, together with the tackle,apparel, furniture, and all other appurtenances thereunto the ouran outer- species, but having all the appearance beioDghjg, to wit: Illinois, Star or the Weat, Empire City, of a human being. It was said to bave been captured in Moses Taylor, Philadelphia. Terms of sale. cash. Dated the interior of Africa, on the border of the river Gambia,lor Ike present, as being -our fathers who framed ttc> in these amendatory articles, and not in the original to government under which w e live." What is the question sirument. The Supreme Court, to tne Dred Scottcaw w hich, according to th e text, those fathers understood plant tbem selvts upon the ufth am endm ent, which pro just as well, and even better than we do now* It is vides that "no person shall be deprived of propirtr this—Does the proper division of local from federalaubetween respeolivothe tw o Rections in system s ot labor,reference to an d with anritoriei daythem into one common government, and sh • bo.us aa1 believesthatatimelycouncilwithhersisterSta'.osofthe South will devise some remedy consistent with their iu terestandhonorintbeUnion.on the 20th inst., at this place, by Mr. Roberts; that I haveollcredanu.imreadytopaythewholeamountof ray bids upon receiving a proper conveyance of a good titletosaidships,andamstillreadytopaytheamountof my bids and take such conveyance. I claim to be the owner of said Rhips by virtue of Buch purchase, if the seller had a right to make the sale, and I shall insist upon myrightsaaapurchaser BENJAMIN H.CHEEVER.Mr.Robertsthenannounced that the purchaser must pay the purchase money before three o'clock.He then offered the "Illinois," and said he was autho- rizedlobid$•'.5,',00forher. Hecontinued tocry '25,0C0,'"25,000, once"—"25,000," "25,00B, twice"— whereupon Mr.W.C.Barneyoffered $30,000. Thisbid appesredtobeabombshellthrownintotbecrowd. AfterofMadam L.Pestioux,No.336Canalstreet Mrs.Pes- tioux, her son and servant, slept in the builiing, and were awoke by the smoke. Finding allexitbythe stairs cut off, they were compelled to make their escape through the windows. Tne girl gotoutattho rear,and Mrs. P.andhereonInfront. Mrs.Pestioux became exhausted and fell to th e floor, but, regaining her strength. sbe at last managed to break the glass, when, withthe assistance of some persons outside, she was taken to tbe sidewalk. Her race and hands were cut, bu'. not seriouslv. The flames extended to the roor of the building, and alsoto the roofa of Nos. 334 and 388, befsre the fire was extio gnisbed. T be damage done to Mrs Pestioux's stock and furniture will amount to about $1,600. Insured for $tl,ii00 in tbe North American Insurance Company.June, I havn the honor lobe, 4 cP. a STARKE.little against being m isunderstood I do not awsr w ayCoroners' Inquest*.DEATH or A CHILD FBOM Bt KITS.—Coroner Schirmerwe arebound to loliew unpboi^ ».Tf^rl^m^esrita'mil saww«1^JVfc*'»*r,! t*a<***«i*regreater Multor,whodiedonSundayevening,fromtheeffectsof irgstookplaceinregardtothe"MosesTaylor,"which onTafSeieM^|l-tw22-5C *•r>**< "^ tMat burnsraceivedonthe17thinst Itassmathatshehad alsowaaknockeddowntoCorneliusVsJaderblltforeven their greet mtthonty.tarty « - » ^ * * 5 J 5 cannotstand;andmostasralynotlaaeasewnerew ourselves declare tbey understood the qu ^<***]"%itatprecsKlyhscsnss w*doiSrE» oC<1*,P')ti,mi""^aof the Sooth wiU or ZXgJ! *l«.1laat thepeopleprepared to pay the cash before 3 P . M., according to the firsttermsof sale proposed.•(deration of the Sabbath of tho seventh day aSabbath cf the flratdayof theweek. Tbeooolwfll be represented by the no-Sabbath party, the eld and the new Sabbatarians."ism to a jNtrsly been playing with the fire while her mother waa absent^w/ wwsJssciiOJy taMAfe from the room; and, aa she was lighting a pine stick,the$26,000,although Mr.Barneybid$30,000,and said he was attention of the heathen worldtotobe held 'humh^aagjk*mssskis •^r^''^^•swaT TM^^arsBw^w^wawns^w ^sswsww^ph V V i aasswwJlOwBnA^tpaj Tmwa^&nasi ^^^^^ ^ ^ hy Coroner Schirmer on the body of n little boy agedMILS.LLI'XT'SREADINGS—Thisvery Uiehtod and estima-bleladygives another reading at the HopeChapel, inBroadway, this evening, and it to to be hoped that hernumerous friends from the North and South will supporther on this occasion Sheto a widow, her husbandhay the corner of Broadway aad White street. She was seenUnioH or aadst* and tadans»4en*s^So tha fawjt, an ananlui of tha Qsasn W . dress onr eflarta mall good tafth an " -We will not tund by and ass that taklnc onr part in the heat am7 ^ ^ ^ ^ .. ^TH s^anssmf am* stkasfftsmmf 9Mdnt,totMf-?-«l-J«m»^*e5.^>th«STKAU.M;LrrrsiLsFROMranNsw PeerOmenBoxas—A little girl named Jane Ann McGulre, was arrested by officer Jordan, of th e Sixth precinct, yesterday, charged with stealing a totter and newspaper from a letter box atthe original constitution, North Carolina ceded to tn e faderal government the country now constituting the StateofTennessee; and a few years later Georgia ceded thuwhich now constitutes th e States of Misalsatppi and Ala-ail truthful evidence end fair argument a hicb he CM ^ he has no right to wtolead otbera, wno have teas ntotoryend masietoaretostudyM,intotheousti"onr rathers, who framed she government underflames caught her drew, and before they could be sub- dued, burned her ao severely as to cause her death.ASOTHKK Csn.D FATALLY BCRXKD.—An inquest waa heldNEW vnPLJmtRALD; TW^T, FB^ARY f8,Ibm^BITLB gTOT. A Lenaelne Case l« tails CityMMoaMMofthsi tmosttt*Itisrt«%t ^oftfcsi sMMtttfRMntM8TBAMHHIP MUV EBLBB19. ^ ^ ^ > - ~ —AnMOTmanaMtisRWSiOmfilBnT—O M•OWPTOOfTB B IIIMtllfliATi CHILD BT IBLUTaNWIMIliGa IT 1IMN A rFUTBJMaNAChK..Aboutsixo'clockonSimdajrafternoonthefamilyofthe Rev John Cotton Smith, roster of the*«*• .JUsBwViiAnother Eepublican Orator on the Stump.Speech of the Hon. AbraJittin lauirjolii, o f Illinois," ttte SMtUoeOaf DiMlh C»rMia»r3i OOSSBMSI SUMSof lb*TBI POSITiOI Of TIC SOUTH.THE lHAULr>TOS CONfBHTMs hereby appolnted,dakfatostorepresent thes*£•**•«,• oldUnitedStatesMailSteamshipCompany,recently sotdataUMa—ocfwttc Oswrsattow,to 3Sd of ApcU aext.••!•of the Steamers lUtssWts •.mat Taylor—Hew Lines,«Ve«Mithai cityonl U ^ e d , that the foUowtni P^IMSMMI iN ^ M ^ h ^ M * the aitoCooTentto., to bo heJd at Ootambla, for theptir-The steamers unnoto and MoeasThytoc, belonging •» thethe Ascension,corner of Fifth avenuePop*, SnnwolY.Tuppar,B«q-,auctioneer,waseash down.posit tea per cent of hto bM betoretwo o'clock, UMI sale was declared null and void, and the ships advertised and 1*6 Bold 5iw>te?rdaythree years and six months, who was burned to death on 8nturday at No. 219 3nllivan street. The boy accidentally set hto clothes on fire while playing at the stove with a ptoce of paper, and ruahed to his mother, who throw him hwoatabof water to extingntsh the dames. The childnavy; and she gives these readings with thattondablede- Schirmer atoo hold an in. aire of ratting sufficient funds to educate her children,to thrust her hand into th e opening and draw forth tb e totter and newspaper, and the officer was called, who took her into custody.bama In both deeds of cession it was made a condition we nve," wtoreof the same oetotea-thea seasad. howerer, thai It did not recover--npen the victim Averdictcord tf, ta their understanding,any Hue dividing local mIBstreet, ubasi rid n pecuhar and myttertoas odor tbe Merchants' Fifihanfri at public auction,were reaotd pervading the whole premises. A search waa im-Congress did not, in the t j e e o r y "M — teathe case of MiaatoBippitherein made to relation to atom was -First,Thataeslave shouldbe tory from foreign partsSecond,Thainoslave been imported into theBi May,ITS*.T h ir d ,the owner,and forhisown useasa alltheeasesbeingafinefreedom »otheatove (1ta.O t* each., , .bidoffbyB.H.Chearer-the Illinois for»10o.OOO,and tbe Moses Taylor far $102,000.Thetormaofante,aaannonneedfromburntalmosttoncrisp,wandiscoveredonthecoals. Suspicion atonoe fell upon a young Irish servant girl,namedGraceHeenan.andCapt.Dilka,oftheFifteenthpre etnet, w as sent for. H e came, bringing with him Police Surgeon Dr. Jones, whomade an examination ofthegirl'sperson,anddiscoveredunmistakableevidenceThe announcemento that ahe Boa. Abraham Lincoln,nounced from the stand to the gentlemen present at the B'sttale('2CthiniUDt)thatthePhiladelphia wouldbe told subject to the claim ol government-owlog to wbioh t a c t »t n o d o u b t w a s t h a i s h e b r o u g h t s o l o w a p r i c e — o n l yThe charge against tbe Philadelphia is "libel for for tenure, ' under tnira section ot act of Congress er W -h April,181e,same'awunderwhichthePampeio,ofLopezin tbe furnace asked her what it was; she said she did not know;Idrewthebodyotiio'thefiretothemouthoftke furnace. I asked Grace If that was not a baby; she would not answer me, butwent up stairs; I followed her, lock- u g the cellar door henlnd m e; I told the lady of tha house. Mrs. Smith s sister, of the fact; when I went up stairs (Irsce had some linen In a tub washing it; during the night 1sleptwithGrace1beardnogroannorcrygbave known hitherto only b y fam e, b u t who h a s con- sented to address a New York assembly this evening.too. (Renewed applause and laughter.) The true numberof those of th e ••thirty-nine ' whom I have shown to bar*acteduponthequestion,wbich,by tbcv u.they understoodi „tged tbe UW.ng ot counsel with the Southern Sntfa nnicrteiy. was seized, forfeited and sold by governmentI To h.m S«wara s irrepresaibU ccaflict doctnuo wa? The PLilsoelphta, one of tbe steamers sold, is uo», and precinct, being Culy swo-n, said:—I live at No. 42 Univer-v»U(>'.t, Whenitcamehewouldbopreparedlo hssbemlortomefourorfivemonths,iatbehandsof sal'place;abouteighto'clockonSundayeveuiogIwasour ccnlineut, on i hich settlers are now build dertteod just as well, and even better than we do now;" big their cabins. I see a higher andwiser andtwenty-oneoftbtm—aclearmajorityofthewhole "thirty nine"-so acacg upon itasto makethem guiltyagency than that of man In the causes that have filled with or gross political impropriety and wilful perjury, if. io ahardypopulationtbevastandfertileregionwhichforms their understai-dmg, anyproper division betweenlocalO e n . " i> < '" > v s t h e n e x p r * 3 * f - l h i s s U i : « : " . > a - i nled^oieut at the cntnul'iiei" »<»» *>>u<ir Hn. • Dim, »Q Iproce«Je-ltoaiiare*«iu«:aiwiubt 11-r<•?»••it1itaathe the^ werecurrirdwithbutasingle dissentientvoice;and tuaJguraUon ot a saowineat ot g,r<-M i'np< liuo1, saJ fX- on iiioiijc of Col. Poi's the tueeuag adjourned.puune«l th^ object to fcf to dern l.- i*e 'ni-v.Mn wu-tnertheparahe*otSt.Pbiii?*«•<M MciteIKiuiH^enliii'legateft to the Col imli;a Couweauon, win'h woitdanswer tbo query whrtbe- thy uiiijr-us de^ir^l th=J Suiteto be rtpreseatel la the Cbarlesti.o Conv -at.n He .livcuasea the snbieci es< to whetti»i it w is pna/-iol« or P«-pwaiency. The principle lie coa*i tercU *ctne1 b? t'ieactio* of the Convont'.ou a' t'olumhia in 1*43. fol-a i - K a - . i v,lowingwhichiicfiit. Eluior<»amilic^«-a.-wcutto8*'- 6ippitourgeupouVirginiathepropiistyofjouiiagherso because, in their understanding, any proper division of local from federal authority, or anything in the conshtu two, forbade tb e federal governm ent to control at to slavery to lederal territory (L aughter a n l prolonged applause). The remaining sixteen of the " thirty nine,umoro,botbm»Oespeeches aa.l micuoned ihsconic<oC BisterStatesinau^haconvention— that ConrenLon. A» to policy, in .'•.SJ on operation w asestablished, that South t irolina WTII l not <o on', o' tae I'nioti G en. S^tuoB>• d<-cUreu SM>lat:on ro ba auta?oai-.rn to the other Southern dtales, an-i ai»ise«l Uis fellow citi sens to strengthen their hau.i3 i > a < their en^ones. /(Ibegrt>tlytotXeadmHtimtoft'te amni.y U>hvi"theFKB 03, 18»). I herewith present to your Excellency a series of reso- lutiins adopted by the State ot Mississippi cu a subject of viul interest to the slavehokliug M ites partic Harly, and of n o less lmiK>rlance to the lovers of our constitutionalUnion*uthenonslaveholdmgStatesoftheluioa:—dition at the bouse of her em ployer.She is a young girl,pleasant sound. His enunciation is slow and emphatic, and a peculiar characteristic of h is delivery was a re- markable mobility of his features, the frequent contor- tioi 8 of which excited the merriment which his words alone could notwell have produced.ADDRESS BY HON'. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.When theapplause which greeted Mr.Lincoln hal subsided, he said:—MR. CRKSIDSNT AND FEU.OW CITIZKRS OF THR CITY OF NKWYORK—The facts with which I shall deal this evening aremainly old and familiar; nor is there anything new in thegeneral use I shall make of them If there shall be anynovelty, it will be in the mode of presenting the facts,and the inferences and observations following thatpreUDdemanding upon the direct question of federal control of slavery in the federal Territories. But there to m ci. reason to believe that their understanding upon that qoes tion would notbave appeared different from thatoftheir tweLty three compeers, bad il been manifested atall.Ft* the purpose o t adhering rigidly to th e text, I bave purpesely omitted whatever understanding may bave been manifested, by any peraon. however distui suisLed. other than the thirty nine fathers who framed the original constitution; and. for tbe same reason, I have also omitted whatever understanding may have bees manifested by any of the " thirty nine even, onanyother phase of the general question of slavery. Ifwr should look into their acts and declarations on those other phases, as the foreign stove trade, and tbe morality anl policyofslaverygenerally, itwouldappeartousthatoa the direct qui stion of federal control of slavery in federa' Territories, the sixteen, If they hadactedatall,wouldCrimprttermi Tkcbattl*tkouiitmfruytainthr.Inim. TheLegisialureofMISB&3iypihavebeenaoexplicitinH therewasnotfaithinthedemot-fa'icpartv,wherew*s itr Gen. Sinicns closed with *u ailawoa t-< toe unfruttrnl- neas of Col. Memniiojfer s nxsaiou to Virginia, au 1decUr- tag that be hadDOtlbeo, never in-1, an I ncrcrwond hare, optnioiia which tie »*>> al'ra'ii to eibilj.i, grac-jfiilly declared th e baeting open.Mr. "*'* C 0Li\ti>3i roe* toaI*r<«^ the ch*ir, but ^as Interrupted with criea of "Sit down," "Cut him out," &c. He only tound ao ootwrtsu-i'.y to say it w is a public saeetiug. and he would uot sit down when aa oflwr of the guard took his arm and »ery poui«ly, but firmly.c*r ried him trom th e hall Mr. P layioi protected in >ain.tbe declaration o f their view s on tb e im portant questions which LOW agitate the wholu people of those contederstel States, distuib their peace and threaten the very existence of the government lttelf, that but little more re-nuns to be done l>y hert'oiamissionerlhau to ask your Ksucllcncy to tnvite th e serious attention oi' th e I*gislature ol th e grt at commonwealth of Virginia to their import.This is done in the unc-ere conviction that Virginia will recognise in these resolutions uo principle not sanctioned by b< r great statesmen in t mes past, and no sugpeUiou not warranted by sovereign Slates, whose safety, both preset and future, '8 menaced by the seditious teachingsbar at thr entiaLce of tbe harbor at San Juau del. Norte is now reported at 13 feetWhat ois|Hi:iuon Is to be made with the North Atlantic Cc;n;>»nv 's sttamers (Collins'), is not known—two oi the directorsbeingabsent,thesubjeothasnotyetbeen tilted over. •It seems to he fr-'aerally cderstood that these steam ers, In connection with the C. Vanderbiit will run to Havre and Somhatr-i'iOQ—terming a weekly hue between those ports and New YotkOimmodoro Vanderbiit has for some time beet running a fenu monthly line on this r.ute, composed of the Oceanmer, her bedroom was entered in the night by a laborer, one of tbe farm bands, who violated her person, and that an improper intimacy bad succeeded, with the result shown above,Sanrsx V . T PCKR, E*q , then smbmuto'l to the csn- and fanatical aggrrssions of the jicjple of other StatesEtntation. In bis speech last autumn, at Columbus, Ohio,as repotted in the New York lima, Senator Douglas probably have acted just as the twenty three did. Amonglur.i it. Theloaletipreacher didn»tpracticethe iheCulledStalesgovernroeuiatNewOrleans,ehargedm-K-t. Heapprovedofttiepreamb.eaadresolu- withbeingeugngedinaUiibuV.tringexpeditiontoNica- i.-v.s.audsecondedtt»-m,andhetrustedthat the peoa'e ragua.c»iledtothehouseNo61Tenthstreet;onproseedingto tbecellar,Iloundthebodyofamaleinfant—theonehere present—itwasina charred andmutilated condition;I to< k ihe body and sent it to the station house; I then pro ceeded to the kitchen, and there fouid Grace Heenan, whom 1examined, and ascertained that she had recently bien delivered upon charging her with being the mother oi the inlaiit found in the cellar, she, after some hesitation,ot S-.utu I'aio'.ina wouid meet t&« honest aiea in t^ie Cou-vfit'.en f»c"ito lace, real> to grasp the baud of friend1SJ r or w.ih the H*oru to rtpel the very bream of insult.tbe northern part of the valley of tbe Mississippi—a raceofminwho arecotashamedtotilrtheiracreswiththeiroMihards,andwhowouldbe ashamedtosubsistbythelabor of slaves, (lioud applause.) These children or theWest,mytitends,form a hvicg bulwark againsttbead-vances or slavery, and from them is recruited the vanguard ol the armies of liberty. (Applause ) One of three voted a«*'hst Congress onal prohibition of slavery them will appear before you this evening 1 present to in the federal Territories, in the instances to which thtyt^ - SIMOSS then put the resolutions to the yo'e.andTheConvention!of Southern SUMea. LETTER OF TI1K Kl*<IS8irPI COMMISSIONKB.Govei nor Letcher on the -U t laslanl oommuoicated to the Lt-gislatnre of Virginia the resolutions of the Stats of MUwssippi. recommending a convention of the slavehoid tug jsaiea, accompanied by the following letter of the Hon. Peter B. Starke, tuu Commissioaer appointed from MissisMr. Lincoln is a tall, thin m an, dark oomplexioned, client. It,therefore, would be unsafe to setdowntvea tbe two who voted against the prohibition, as bavtogdeteeideraiK'u o* the meeting the pufiare^l preamble and African slavery has ever oeen regarded oy th03e t^iren and C.Vanderbiit, which hasproved very success Fourteenth street to the BttUry. The contractor's firstrasoluliois, oo wuich duty h^ eQtor<»d without doaht aa to th e propriety ot th e course. l i e w a-s fully aware th it aitompts had been m-idc u ren'-ir toe Convention odious, but h e claim ed to bear a s true alle- giance to his native sttate and the Soutn as any. He con- sidered thai the bono- ot Souia Carolina demanded: thatamoigst whom it exists as a question of d. mesilc policy; a quettion to De deilt with b y tb e Stales which have adopted it according to their own views of expediency , and without molestation or icterferer.ee from other Sutea, or even the general government, except for Its protection, as provi tea for by tne constitution of the United States.lul and profitable.This line has carried thu United States m ails, for whichVanderbiit has received as remuneration the sea postage, whK.li sometimes amounts to as high as $13,et;0a trio.Should this line be formed (Collins' ships) the Ocean yueen will be withdrawn aad placed on the Asp'uwallobject will be the regulation of the removal of the ashes and garbage, and clearing up the winter accumulations(lur fathers when tber framed the government unter whieu » e live, understood this question jusi aa well, and even better, than w e do nowthat sixteen were reveral of the most noted auti slavery n-en of those tim.8—as Dr.Franklin (Cheers), Alexander Hamilton, and (iouverneur Moms—whik) there wasnot one now known to have been otherwise, unless it may to John Rutledge of South Carolina (Applause) T he SUB of thewhole is, that of our "thirtynine" fattorsshe should be represent»1 The democratic party was the Ana this view, so justly maintained by the slareholding route, in connection wttti the Nonh Star and Northern in each w>ek as the slayer,Comptroller and City Inspec-1fullyendorsethis,andIadoptitasatextforthisdiscourse. (Applause ) I so adopt it because it furnishes a who framed tbe original constitution, twentyone— prec'se and an agreed storting point for a discussion be- a clear majority of the whole—certainly under tween republicans and that wing of the democracy bead stood that no proper division of local from federal ed by Senator Douglas. It simply leaves thelnquirv, authority, nor any pert of the constitution, forbade the Whatwastbeunderstandingthosefathershadofthequeslionmentioned? Whatistheframeofgovernmentunderonly barrier to fanaticism , and if th e Soutn w a s to m *in- taia her jmsitlr.n in the Tnloo, it w as best to enter the de- m ocratic Convention and defend h er rights.Mr.Ttrnut then read thetoliowing:—The period is near at hand when the NitioatlDem^-craLx Convention will be assem bled, aroonim g to appoint- ment, in this city, for the purpose of electing candidates for the Presidency and the Vice Presidency of the I'nitod Slates We have reason to believe that every State ID tha I won wilt be here represented thriu^h its democratic ciLzcLS; and certainly there has been no time since. th> foundation of the government when questions of greater constiiuUoual value or ot more momentous practical con- sequences were to be discussed and determined. It is enough to say that peace and prosperity on the one hand, and intestine strife and revolution on U is other, hangtrem bling in the scales.states, was, for the past half century of the ex-istence of our constitutional Union, recognized andacqmefced in by tbe son slareholding States. Butthese States, or a t least very m any oi theirpeople,indisregard ortheobligationsofgoodneighbor-hood,incontemptoftbeconstitutionoftbeUnitedSta'ev,thesupremelawoftheland,andinobediencetothedietales of what they denominate the "higher law" (which The Ocean Queen, Artel, Illinois, Empire City, Star of wuirows. The force of men employed will average about original, framed in 1787 (and under which the present be text affirms that tbey understood the question better means themadnessof unbridled power)*haverecentlythealand Thepurchaser faffing la de.would"speak" attheCooperInstitute,drewbytheof th e recent child birth.put thebodyof thechild.in thefnraace,stating thatIt wanstillborn,and thatshehad been seducedhyaman livingonLongIsland. Shealsoaa'tdthatshewaadeliv- ered of the child about two o'clock on Sunday morning, and thatshe thrust it into the furnace to destroy itThe body ofthechild waaremovedtotbeFifteenthprecinct station hooae, where Coroner Sch'rmer held aninquest yestoroay afternoon.Margaret Miller, being duly sworn, said;—I live at tneresidence of Rev. John Cotton Smith, No. 61 Tenth street, as domestic; Grace Heenan was about two months there; she was the cook; I had suspicion of her condition frpm appearances;Isleptinthesamebedwithher;shegotup about tour o'clock on Sunday morning, complaining that she was unwell; ahe came back Into bed without leaving the room; I asked her how she felt, and she said she had a pain in her aide; did not see her again until tour o'clock in the atterncon, ahe got up out of bed after I left her; she got some clothes belonging to her, took a pailof water and went up stairs; ahe remained there about an hour and came down again, with some sheets in her hand; d il not see any blood on them; I went up stairs, and I became convinced that a confinement had taken place; I heard a toise as of shovelling coal in tbe cellar, and also noticed a great stetch; went down Into th e cellar to ascer totn the cause; I saw Grace by the furnace; I askedherwhatshewasdoing;ahesaidsheMarshal O. Roberts, President of the company, an was flxitig tbe fire; I took a poker and stirring the bodyihey bave uone) aad accept o ihe steamer and call it squareThis tnecor-panyvii!notdo—wholehogornofiiog— they will nlher lose", or bave full compensation from Un- cle Sam for the carnage sustained by the loss of their steamer, and the Irjury done their reputation by being ciiaiged w ith filibustering.Tbe Nicaragua route will be opeaed by Commodore Vanderbiit under somewhat different arrangements than it would bare been bad not tbe grand consolidation of interests, which has recently taken place, been effected.The iron steamer for tne San Juan river, which has been Contracted for with Harlan, Hollingsworth A Co.,of Wilmington, Del., wiil be constructed more withnviowof carrjiug freight and tbe trailio in theinterior, thanfor csrrvitg passengers, which sh e was originally intended for. 'Thisroutewillnowbeused,whenopened,morefor trade and traffic along the lakes and rivers of the interior, which it will furnish, more than it dil wbeu opened before, which was found to be quite prouu ble, especially the eattle trade, which frequently yielded totbeownersoftheboatanetprofitoffrom $500to$S00 each trip on catti aloneThe steamer contracted for with J. Simonson, willnotbe built atpresent, buttwo smaller boats adapted to the great personal beauty. When exam ned by Dr. Junes,lakes will be built distead—so that the Commodore wili she stated, on being closely questioned by him, that while net forte t anything by-the chauge. The *ater on the living at service with a farmer on I/rag Island last sum-light, formtog a tri monthly line, leaving this port on the 6tn, 20lh and 30th of every monthtor may direct or deem necessary to keep them clean. Intbe prosecution of this work or sweeping Mr. Smithin- This schedule of sailing days has already gone in'.o tends using his new street sweepers, the advantages ofoperation TheBalticmakesherlasttriponthe5thofMarch. AsteamerisalreadyadvertisedtoleaveonIke30thofwhich over his old ones being, that they w e completely covered in,BOastopreventdustfromflying,theyalso gatherupthedirtbytheirsweepingapparatusintoa box,therebyobviatingtbeoldplanofsweepingintowhichwelive? Theanswermustbe,Thecoustititlcn of tbeUnitedStates Thatconstitutionconstotoofthefederalgovernmenttocontrol slaveryintbefederalT-r- ritoriee,whilealltherestprobablyhadthesameunder tending. Such,ure;ie«tiouably,wastheunderstandingMarch,whichwillprobablybotheAriel.fonrfatherswhoframedtheoriginalconstitution,andTeims of sale—ca?h This play having had tbe run of two of our theatres,has MARSHALL O. ROBERT^,) , been taken up and placed upon the Btage at Barnum a, HORACE K CLARK VTrustees. ' where for£the last four weeks it has attracted crowds.Sherman,ThomasMiflltnandHughWilliamsonvotedfor thatduringthewholependencyoftheacttoenforceuV the prohibition, thus showing that, in their understand ordinance th e constitutional amendments were atoop?no lug, no line dividing local irom federalauthority,nor any ing. That CoDgrers, consisting to all of srreafyai thing else, properly forbade tbe federal .rovernnmt to memberscontrol a s to slavery in tedera; territory. The other of th e gina four, James McHenry, voted against the prohibition,show ourinc. that for some cause he thought it improper to vote which for it In 1787, still before the constitution, but while federal the Convection was in session framing It,and while the Northwestern territory still waa the only territory ownedupon a person presented tbe following letter to M O. Roberts, which was read by Mr. Matthews —NKW YORK.Feb.27,1860. Notice is hereby given to all whom it may concern, thatamusements.FIRI is CAKAI. Snunrr—NARROW RSCATB OF TBE OCTT-PASTSOFTHRBtujotxG KROMSiTFOOATiox Betweenthreeby the United States—the same question of prohibitingslavery In th e territory again com e oefore th e CM jgressof the confederation; and three more of the " thirty nine''who aIterwards signed tbe constitution were in that Congress ami voted on the question. They were William B*ount,William Few and Abraham Baldwin, and tbey ail voted fortheprohibition,thusshowingthat,intheirunder-standing, no line dividing local from feicral authority,noranythingelse,properlyforbade thefederal government to control as to slavery in federal territory. This surely sale to assume that the "thirty nine" frames • time theprohibition becaete a law, being apartof whatis the original OOLSUUHKXI,and the sevent? six member!* now well known as the ordinance of 1787 T he question tbe Congress which trained the omendmeuts taer» of federal control of slavery in the Territories seems no', taken altogether, do certainly include those *jj to bave been directly oetbre the Convention whica framedShe will deplore, as much as any State in ti.e Cuion, t'i •necessity of dissolving the constitutional ties wni-h bind tbe stesroshlps Illinois and Moses Taylor were sold to m e in tbe millinery and children's furnishing goods storeThiswholequestion hasbeen recentlyso ably andsoelaboratelydiscussed hy theeminent and distinguishedgentlemanwhopresentedtheresolutions ofSouiuCaro-lina, that 1 feel to say more would be an unnecessary an 1 consultation with Mr. Dickerson, Mr. Roberto announced store and dwelling. The stock and furniture is aamaged wanton intrusion.1787, including Northwesternfederal government to coutrol as to slavery is tbe fed** Territories. (Loud applause ) I go a step forth* defy any one io snow that any living nua in the es^I will only add that the Legisla'ure of Mississippi, pur- suant to tbe provisions of th e third resolution, have elect ed seven delegates to the proposed Convention, all of whom are amongst the ablest and most faithful of her citizens, and without regard to existing party organiza- tions.And now,sir,hoping that Virginia,the la-dofmy birth, will yield to the solicitation of Mississippi, the home of my adoption, and send delegates to the proposed con- ventiontobeheldatAJanta on the firstMondayofnextcelsior Insurance Company.by Mrs. Whitney as a dwelling: her furniture is damaged by water about $100; n o insurance.No.388isoccupiedbyMadame DemorestGooJall asa pattern store aorf dwelling. Her stock isdamaged by water about $2bC; insured for $1,000 in the Pacitc Insu- rance Company.Tbe building No. 334 is owned b y Judge Mitchell it Is damaged about $300, and is insured.Buildings Nos. 3Ii6 and 338 are owned by Mrs Colt They are damaged about $700, and are said to b e insured. The origin of tbe fireto unknown at present.MW«IO«ARIE8 SAILED—Rev. Solomon Carpenter, D. D., and wife, sailed tor Shanghae, China, in the ship N . B. Palmer, on the 24th Inst, as missionaries of the Seventh Day Baptist church. Che ahang la , a native teacher, w h o cametothiscountrywithMr.Carpenteronhisreturn last year, also returned In the N . B. Palmer. Thnsnthewithout a word of opposition, and finally passed both branches without yeas and nays, whicu is equivalent u> a unanimous passage. (Cheers.) In this Congress there were sixteen of the "thirty nine" fathers who framed the original constitution They were—John Langdon. Thee. Fltasimmons,Richtrl Basse'A,that he would notreceive tho bid. Mr. Barney then said that he (Roberta) could not refuse the Old; that it was a public sale at auction, under the laws of tho State of NewYork. Aftersomefurtherparleywithafr.Dickerson and others, Mr.Roberta announced that be should re-quire the purchase money to be paid down.then claimed that he (Roberto) could notchangethe terms of aale—having already acoepted a bid under his first announcement of "cash before three o'clock.'- Mr Roberts, however, refused to accept Mr. Barney s bid, who stated that he was prepared to pay the cash before three o clock, according to the terms first proposed by Mr Ro- berts when heaccepted the firstbid of $20,000.Mr. Roberts got no other bid, and the ''Illinois" w as knocked down for $26,000. M r- Roberto announced th e purchasertobeCorneliusVanderbiit ThesameproceedNo. 334 is occupied by M rs.Layoook, as a millinery by fire and water about $500; insured for l«00 iu theEx-tog died in the service of his coantry, n Itoiatonant In ourby the ceding States that the federal govermeut shouldnotprohibitslaveryinthecededcoantry. Besidethis,fatoebood and deception foe truthful ertdecot aas arp.ment (Aputouae) IT anyman-*•"JUntitled DocumentCourt Calendar— Thta day.Clcrke, of the Supreme Court, wilt b e delivered this even-M r. Barneynight previous, saying that iljliad never cried; Bhe statedbeing only twenty one years of age, and is devoid of anyC i t yTtrs CiKANixr. or THR CITT — According to our announcement in Saturday's pap;r, the work of cleaning the s'.reets tf this city was set about yesterday morning byMr. Smith, the machine man, and Broadway w as swept fromI n t e l l i g e n c e .ot dirt from the streets.ble it is hoped that this can be done b> the beginning of April, after which be will then clean the streets as oftenthree hundred,which,wi'h themachines,willmakethe entireworking forceonthest/eetsduringtbespriugand summer equej to about one thousand, men— a Sufficiencygovernment tint wentintooperation),andtwelvesubse-quentlyframedamendments,thefirsttenofwhich wereframed In ]789- W ho were our fathers that framed thecohstituti-.n* Isupposethe"thirtynine"whosignedtheoriginal instrument maybefairlycalledourfatherswhoframed that part or the present government. It is almostexactly true to say they framed it, and it is altogethertrue to saythevfairlyrepresentedtoeopiniTDandsenti-ment of the whole nation at that time. Their names, of slavery !nfederal Terr;tori s violates the consuMMa being familiar to nearly all,andaccessibletoquiteall, pointustothepiovisiooswhich theysupposeitthusno"WHAT IS IT:'"—They have added to the li>t of curiosi- ties at Barnum's Museum a most extraordinary freak cf nature, consisting of a creature supposed to belong towithout due process of law ," while Senator Dourtotbority, or anything to tbe constitution, forbid our federagovernment to control as to slavery in our federal Terri- on the tenth amendment, providing that "tht tories ? Upon this Douglas holds the affirmative, and re- powers not granted by the constitution, are reserved * publicans the negative. This affirmative and denial tbe States respectively, and to the people ' Now, it M term an issue; and this issue, this question, is precisely happente that these amendments were framed by the Stf w hat the text declares our fathers understood better thanwe. (Cheers.) letusnowinquirewhether the"thrtynine," or any of them, ever acted upon this questionand if tbey dId, how they acted upon it—how they expressed that better understanding. In 1784, three yearsbe- they were the identical, aemc individual men who, at th* foretheconstitution,theUnitedStatesthenowningthe tamesession,atthesametimewithintbesession,hadasly sensible of the value of her elder sister (Virginia; in lor, not having complied with the terms of the sale as frequenty indulges in, should stop in, aud Northwestern territory, and no other, the Congress of cer consideration. and to progress toward maturur,Council. Mississippi unites with South Carolina in earnest- ly invoking the co oporatibn of Virginia in the Convention propoted in th e third resokilion of the series already re- ferred toSeeiDg, a s M ississippi does, that the Northern States per cist in the denial of our rights in the common Territories of the Union, and continue to repeat their aggressions with moro and more aggravation, and, above a ll, appre bending " the election of a President of the Uni- ted States b y o n e section of th e Union only, on the ground that tbere exists aa irreooncileati'leherclaim tothemotto '••fit emjs<?rtyrannic," BO pioudiy and justly wears.which sheMississippi, though less eyosed to such aggressions in ihe city of New Y>rk, this 5lh day of November, A. D. by a party who were in search of the famous gorilla Itand outrages than Virginia ana the oilier border States, feels a com m on interest in h e institution of African slavery, as it exists In the Southern States of this Union, and a common duty to join with thetn in the adoption of all measures necessary for us Protection and perpetua-1859.MARSHALL 0. ROBERTS, )HORACE ¥ CLARK. I rruatcesstands about four feet high, and it weuhs some fifty pounds; Itsage cannot be correctly ascertained, but it is supposed to be over twenty years. The formation of its bancs, arms and head are thosefjof an ouran outanir, but its movements aic those of a human beinr'. ThoseCongress which sat under tbe Constitution— the identic* Congresswhichpassedtheactalreadymentioned,enforc ing the prohibition of Bitvery to tbe Northwestern Terrs tory. (Applause.) Not only was it tbe same Congress, beEDWARU N. DICKER30N.JAll the above named steamships having been sold atauction on the 20th day of February, I860, and the purtion.Actuatedbythissenseofherobligation,anddeep- chaseroftwoofihem,towit,theIllinoisandMosesTay- whoaxefondoflookingatthefreaksnatureYorkTypographicalSocietyheldameetingontoetBatur- dayerentag,when Mr. Charles McDovtUannounced Mr. Faaehaw's death, pronouncing an eloquent eulogtnm oaorganised the Territory of Mtottoaippi. In the actof organization they prohibited the bringiog of•tores tote the Territory, from any place without theUnited Statea, by flee, and giving freedom to aiaressobrought. This act pasted both branches of Cuigresewithout yens and naya. In that Congress were threeof the "thirty nine'' w ho framed the original constitu-tion. They ware John langdon. George Read and Abra-ham Baldwin. They all. probably, voted for it. Certainly they would have placed their opposttloa to It upon re-tbe rederal government to control at to alaier) »federalTerritories,betorightto sayso. **•*".at the tame time, brave Uw reapontibdity ofJJJTL,,0 that,inhnopinion,heuaaerstandstear W **^^than tbey did themselves—(great laughter)--**"^>S h e finally confessed to havingCongress which^esaeTif?.nine." TheywereAbrahamBaldwinandJouaiton. Asstatedto the caseof MtostoMiiiH IIto theybothvotedforit TneymwaM nettare aa topasswithoutrecordinglawspyesHWntotlifi. understaadiBg, it violated eitserfoeluTprotoerly'diYlocal rrom federal authority or onr provision of the ttttutioe m l810andl8*<aineandpassM uiequestion Manyvoteswaretoken,byyeasandMboth branches of Congress, upon the various peases of tea Sneral question Two of tbe "thirtyatoe"—Rafstsg andCharles Ptockney—were members offont Congress. M r. King steadily voted for atorery prohiai Uon and against all comr^omtou, while Mr.Pinckney as steadily voted against slavery prohibition, sad agataet all compromises. (Cheers.) By tha Mr King stowed that, in bis understanding, no line dividing local fro a federal authority, nor anything to the constitution, waa violated b y Congress prohibiting atorery ia federal terri- tory;while Mr.Pinckney,bymavotes,showedthat,isShould the season prove favoraTbe second floor is occupiedot tbe last half of the present ceaiury.) declare tea" his understanding, any proper division of toes' ^*°L a» ral authority, or any part olthe consutatioa. forbad*i" •80 lederal governm ent to control a s to slavery is J*.' **,Territories. To those who sow so declare '*,r*> f* only " o u r rathers w h o trained th e gorerameet una* which we live," butwith them all other bring »*7"*^repeottothelrd O "thnuh?rSJtJT^'*S^tsrm^rS^til* *>^*wdre4todtam(mrnh>*ter o»a term of thirty days, w e n unanimously adopted.LAW lannmam JcDoaCuDnn.—Thetantaefacourse«P*rt«f brother,Leitheadvertised and announced from the auction stand, noticeis hereby given that the said steamers. Illinois aud MosesTaylor,willbesoldatpublicauction,attheMerchants' acloudoldoubtanduncertainty,weturnedintothe"lec-Exchange, on Monday, Eeb '/7,1860, at one O'clock P. M. ture loom," where the ' Octoroon" was btio^ performed. Congiess, and voted on that question. Of these Ro-er passed after the act of enforcing the ordinance of '87, •form for them selves an opinion a s to "W hat is i t " After viftwint' Ihe creature above described,about which hao.us*•,*»,4wHofIllinois,together n large assemblage at that building tost night Tbe tax Cftwenty-five cento per capita didnot—asit very freqnenUydoes—actasapreventativeonthevisiters, bnt they continued, o n the contrary to pour to to consi- derable numbers until MM)largeballwaaabout three quarters filled. Among the audience there ware,asis usualintheserepublican assemblages,agoodlynumber of ladles.At about a quarter to eight o'clock, ex Governor King madebisappearance on theplatform,and waagreeted with loud applause, which he seemed to enjoy mightily. at with a smile of benevolent gravity h e settled himself m a chair.The arrival ofD. Dudley Field, accompanied hy William Cullen Bryant and the speaker of the evening, waithe signalforthemoattumultuousapplause.Mr. Fimxn said—Fellow republicans, I beg leave to nominate as chairman of this meeting a republican whombetter than we,to twenty three,leaving sixteen not thews The great W est, m y friends, is a potent auxiliary in the to bave acted upon it to any way. Here, then, we hartbattle w e are fighting for freedom against slavery, in be-twenty three of our "thirty nine" fathers w ho framed tbe government under which w e live, who have, upas their official responsibility aad their corporal oaths, actedbarbarism,Dr. Ai&Lgon S Junes, Police Surgeoo. of the Fifteenth occupation of some of the fairest region of upon tbe very question which the text affirms they"onbalf of civilization againstthat the child lay dead m bed all day Sunday with her;that about tw o hours previous to our interview she brought vou a ga'lsnt soldier of the political campaign of 1856, acted upon the question. But for what reasons tbey tothe confederation had bdfore them the question of pro hibiticg slavery in that Territory; ana four of the "thirty nine'' who afterwards framed the constitution were in thatthese constitutional amendmenta and this act prohibitsa slavery in alltbe territory the nation then owned. Th constitutional amendments were introduced before aa<for tbeVto then ltndered good service to the republic in cause,acil who was since the great champion of that cause in thestruggle which took place two years later for the supretuaev of tho republicans in the Legislature of Illinois—who took the field there against Douglas, and would havewonthevictorybuttortheunjustapjKirtioumentlawofthe State, which allowed a minority of the people to elect arosjonty of tbe Legislature. (Applause.) I have only, for what be undeistands to be an unconstitutional m«» mv mends, to pronounce the name of Abraham Lincoln, sure, however expedient he may think it; but one nay of" Illinois—(loud cheers)—to receive the profoundest and ought to vote against a measure which be desn- attention. (Renewed cheers.) constitutional, if, at the same time, he deems Itinexpeand apparently quick in his perceptions. H e is ratherunsteady in bis gait, and there is an involuntary comisalawkwardness which marks his movements while speak-ing. His voice, though sharp and powerful at times, hasa frequent tendency to dwindle into a shrill and un- so lax as I have discovered, have left no record of theirtb e prohibition of slaveoy in territory. T be bill for this actSimmons, then a member of the House ot Represents world ever did, prior to the beginning of the Pf^j*j tive8 from Pennsylvania. It went through all its stages century, (and I might almost aay prior u> the topss**oftbewas reported by one of the "thirty nine, ' Toomas Fltz-Nicholas Gilmau, William Few,George Real,Wm. S. Johnson,Roger Sherman,Robert Morris,George Clymer,This show s that, in their understanding, n o line dividinglocal from federal authority, nor anything io the constitu-tion, properly forbade Congress to prohibit slavery in th efederalterritory;elseboth theirfidelitytocorrect princi-ple and their oath to support tho constitution wouldhareconstrained themtoopposetheprohibition. uponevidencesoconclusive,andargument»c-erj* AgainW George Washington, anotner of the "thirtynine," wasthen PresidentoftheUnitedStates,and,aa such, approved aad signed the bill, that completingitsvalidityoaalaw,aadthusshowingthat,inbisun- wT (laughter) Banyman,atthisday *****derstanding, no line dividing local trom federal authority, .torea that a proper divimon of local Irom' ^ ^ ^nor anything in the constitutioa. forbade the federal ty,oranypartoftheconmtuuon,torbwsthe **"**government to control as to slavery ta federal territory vernmeot tSTcontro. as toslavery to the tajwraTtaWJ(Loud applause) Nogreatwhile after theadopt;>nof rise,heMrighttoaayso,andtoentorcehhto P**»and his peculiar adherents plant themselves upwm and they shall not b e able to find the endenceoi • * » 'the centurv m which it was framed, among *ham wrfJoolly should h e not shirk that reaaonaiointy ay "•w mat tbey "oncerstood the question jtat at well, better,than wedonow iApplause ) Bat es*aU who believe, that our 'Jaihers. who framed eminent nader which w* lite, understood '**,|f—ttiere^eiwrt^^'ml>,££* 'a highway robbery was elearrr" 'accidentaldeathwasrendered'•trrmoixCorm-Part 2-484. ftln, sot,400,280,309,f5£ "".L£U,S,v;£!!&_,,lChamber^?..? SulSoW. -TherelationofGanretonendWare,onelalneoTln »hichtheliabilityofinfantatothedvtlaTcrimmai lawwill be eftneciallv conaiderwd."justsswell,end even betur than wede •*?•113,317,413,M2,300,144,293,311,406.408,$5$,508,fromfederalauthority,oranythinglathecoosthutioo properly forbaae the federal governm ent i" control a s totheyspoke,andactattceracu*"iup«en.HTsV*1ttti.n JIJThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069— « . . *awww.fultonhistory.com•!•»•»» In M«HIIw lm ../tnnlitiae1 In151X1 tlaAi these falaert. marn-rJ *.'.,H Ul•* "•Tiife ~"iiS upublican* a»k— ail re^uoiiracs desire— 'a P \ I tgvtikslav«rY 