 NEW YORK HERALD.Th<- evidence <»hrw» '.he. Turner In which Ritter w.i, trf ite.i by the officerton board the Kior>kjyn, and by ibis* who had Mm in charge Just before bisHo HOTICE tokempf mmomimout vurrmpunloM*. W**D*<* quence of the decease of «he City Inspector's fath-WLADv2ttTUiXM*ZTX rtnm-U every<iov; aJefrtUrmr**i* erinlaw. Mr.Delarsnsevidencebeingthenext mrted e» HUffwiT H»«AU>, Fn::.r Hniu, mmUmlh»public has seen that an Alderman has refused according to his own account, a bribeof two thousand dollars, which was tButtorai t otVMSn mtn <md Bmrtmmm Am**...* >in order, and his absence being necessitated by this event, it was agreed to adjourn the continnance of the inquiry for a week. Meanwhile, the next7 / 0 * 1rtUHTl»»mum* w«AmmtmeuiitafmtmmU••!!•• XXT..So.6* meetingislookedforwardtowithmuckinterest, and startling statements are expected t o be made thereat.vitalissuestobedecided,involvingastheydo the very existence of the Union, as w»ll as the increase in population, will secure this result According t o t h e estimates we have made i n advance o f the census o f 1860, t h e population of the country in now but a little abort of thirty- fivemillions. Francehafteightmillionsof voters out of a population of thirty six mil- lions; but France has no-Africans who do not exercise the franchise, while we have tour mil- lions inthatpredicament. Itisnotloolargeanestimate,then,we think,toputdownthe number of votes which will be polled at the next election at five millions—larger by about a million than the vote cast a t the last Presi- dential election. The struggle will be a despe- rate and an eventful one, for the issue i s single,and more pregnant with results f o r good o r evil than any which has ever before claimed the attention of the people.devouringflames,whilsttheyhave suchan couldbesafelyapplied. Thusinthecaseof himatvarioustimesandbyseveralpenoo«nona u d7<eoh>f~ocroaooa.Theattempt to irawstead ot $2,0CO. This hypothrais becomes Huiafsi MaoiAMUfeCMXXTS TIit-1 ftVSKINO.upon, and are fanned into activity b y thepotent agitation o f white slaves, stimulated t odeeds o f desperation, n o t b y mere politicalwrongs, but by the sharp pangs of hunger, andbythedestituteconditioneftheirwivesandmuch if the responsibility o f the proper admi-nistration o f t h e different departments werevested inhim.Itisa verydifferent thing,jdevotedsomeconsiderable time andspacete however , t o delegate t o the chief magistrate o f the subject. A correspondent gives a n e wwisxos oABOUT, «road»ay -MA. AMB MM. B a m Wu.uA*i-A« Haas ur SSTJU.*.A shocking catastrophe happened on the Delsware river, near Eaatou, yesterdsy. While a smallsteamboat was on her first trip her boiler exploded,killing ten men snd shockingly wounding some fif-teenothers. Theboatwastorntopiecesbytheexplosion. A list of the names of the sufferersPOVKIT TWKATM, fcwwy-Mwunust Ol» f»A»tATW».o r TMWS-WAlXAt;«;STH»*TE«,Sreedwar-SoaiacaOVAPoOA Yoomo MA*.children? The attempt of the leaden of the executive head of the police force the absoluteanti-slavery party in theNorth tofoment an authority claimed bySuperintendent PilsburyLAtfBA KICKS-'* TUXATKjw, *U Bmadwif.-****** may be found ia another column. Da*a«Hay yoa nut have naaaaaaaw error ia r**ar<i u An price i a aaaaetaiBg teeyoae SSJtKu, tmrnrng y a w IfcwrrHKW acrwwttr TMCATMJE. B-Iwerr—wuxowCora*- MACSC J*««aat.—Wrosioar CoaartBAtoea.8SOADWAT BOCDOIC, U* Broad»ar.-Taa Httom «**». _______BAXKCMS AMXRICaW BTSKCM, BroAdway-AiU*.sistent with the other, and as;long as4ouI»ueH apoa UMBrady-Tucker mmmiBt*. Yea wit aee tbe fallacy o f a at once o a raeaeaaaan memberoftbeCouncilefteawaatoaaactBS^A NTS' MIMITTHL8. ¥»«».»*<<•*' H*H.m Broadway- business. The Committee took no further action. BcKLtHti'ts. Sonoa, DAICZS. AC.-WB COM rnou TBI HILIAThough the Almshouse Governors adjourned o rMBtO'S SAT OOX, Bro_lw»y —0*0. CnRiatT'l M M - tensibly for a fortnight at their last meeting, it is rt.HJ'B BOW.<. IlAHCU, AC—MR* OlTlMlWTlllClUA rumored among parties who ought to know some-NATIONAL. COKCKRT SALOON. Vukx—l Toe»tre.— thing about their proceedings, that theywholly changed it will not be possible to adopt i n a l l its features the organization which works s o well i n the British metropolis.Owing, nevertheless, t o t h e forbearance o ftbe Commissioners, Mr. Pilsbury b a s h a d a nopportunity o f trying for a time the effect o fAN OLD STtUE*. New, w e always like to give everybody fair play. When w e s a y --everybody*' we iaclate Aluerrnen. Our philanthropy i s o f that expan-sive character which c a n take in even a ruea- ber o f the Common Council. Audwedoa<>t wish t o injure th^ trade of that respectableTEIPLE SHEET. BJcw Vork, Wednesday. March 7 , I860.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.In Mexico—Shall W e Help a Roman Catholic Oligarchy!The struggle that is now goiDg on in Mexi- co is a part of the great movement of the world, which is gradually but steadily advanc- ing t o the entire separation o f the Church from"the one man power" over the force under hipcommand. What benefits has the city gain-d class of persons who bang about the City HAIIand deal in Aldermen a s tb e merchjau ia Broudway, o r Murray, o r VVurren street job iameut,andaseriesofgrandreceptions,balls,bull .ontheamendmentprovidingforthesupportoffightsandcarnivalscenesfollowed.ElMercurio, ofValparaiso,saysthataseriousAcademy Appropriation bill, with a view to actionley population into the Union, either a s citizensThe Special Aidermauic Committee appointed to reportaaordinance favorabletotheappointment ofInspectorsofCoalWeighingmetyesterdayand heard a number o f coal venders in opposition to the proposed measure. They urged that such in- spection would entail many unnecessary inconveni- ences on them a n d seriously interfere with theirunquenchablewarbetweenthecapitalandthe The one is,and must ever be,incon- marketpriceataaalatraMaf Yeaunmt UatUMthe bill to protect female emigrants on shipboard the pflee'.that the receipts of cotton showed som* falling spirit, and enable Sam Houston to carry out was passed. The first Tuesday in April was as- oft", the matket exhibited more tone- jestorday. and cloeed his idea of establishing a government in Mexicoing garbage carts a t impossible landings, or Every day the evil will increase, because God. and Pious Pilsbury as their executive of- would deprive half a score of political retaina n dvariousamendmentswere midcveritina will meet a t Chicago o n the IGth o f May. 'he birthday of W. II. Seward -a signifi- cant coincidence. There are thirteen aspirants for the nomination, but there is evidently an irrepressible conflict between them which will render t h e duty ©f t h e delegates an arduous one. For the last two or three years the most prominent aspirants were Seward, Banks andThe Louisiana Democratic state Cooveuiioo met Chase- Seward taking the lead: but for some at Batou Rooge yesterday, arid selected 'lelegarcs time past Seward has been under a cloud.H is to the Charleston Convention. The Conveuthn irrepressible conflict doctrines and ultra aboli- expressed their preference for Mr.Slidell for the tion sentiments, coupled with the John BrownPresidency. raid, have rendered those members o f the re- At a meeting of managers of the National Union publican partyj who care only for the spoils,iparty at the Lafarge House, in this city,yesterday-,and nothing a t a ll for principle, somewhattime; and should the fate of that treaty be de- cided adversely, there is n o doubt in the mind of any man who has taken the pains to look into the subject, that we shall b e compelled t o drawtheswordourselvesindefenceotthose rights and principles whicli the Juarez govern- ment is defending now.If through our refusal to extend the helping hand t o Juarez now. the rebellious a n d cor- rupt clergy are enabled to triumph, w e shall at once see one of the most popular crusades undertakenagainstthedominatingRoman CatholicclergyinMexicothathaseveragi-England States are no exception to the rule.Vnder the fortunate combination o f circum- stances in the South, labor can never suffer thereasitdoesattheNorth. Theland,,which is o f boundless wealth a n d fertility, i s there, and the cotton which it grows is there, and the demand for i t b y the whole earth is incessant and greater than the South can supply. I n the benevolent, patriarchal and humane institu- tionsoftheSouthernStatesaloneisto be found any adequate provision or legal immu- nityforthelaboringman.NoristhenegroitwasagreedtoholdaStateConventionatTroy, doubtfulofhisavailability,andinducedthem on the ISth of April, to select delegates to the Na- to cast about for another candidate, and theytional Convention to be held at Ualtimore on the 9th of May nextThe annexed table shows the temperature of thehave brought out BateB of Missouri, a fossil politician, who was used up before they disen- tombed him a man who has been out of publicatmosphere i n this city during t h e week endingMarch 3, the range of the barometer aod ther- life for the last twenty five* years, and aboutr.the TBristton of wind currents, and the whom nobody knows anything.1day.»«: at»A.ML,and3and!•oclockP.M.:—•* * • weather at three periods daring eachBut meantime Pennsylvania, a moat impor-tantandneceesaryStateinthecontest,hasputforwardacandidateofherowninGeneralSimon Cameron, whocancommandim- tatedthisrepublic. SamHoustonisbringing mense strength i n t h e Central States, a n dall day: • P. M. ehu._orsJsc ournast; evening -feck fogTSarsdav-Fog- an* asavy ram; 9 P M fog, 19P. Mm«av-C»ear 3P.M.cloudy;t?.M.cloudy.; a P. M. ovarcaW, flgat rata dortagtke mine Involved h\ £ !fi?* ^ W ' M to 1 1 h abreminiscences of the Fort Des Moines Naviga- abolitionhousesarewhollydependent on the tionCompany*soperations. Itmightbefound,who is a far better administrative states- man than Seward. Seward ia a very good magazine writer, b u t a very poor debater. When delivering his great speech the other day in theSenate,hehadtoreaditfrommanu- "cript, like a sophomore, and he is wholly tin- equal-to make a ready reply in debate. Came-r0*aaa 1 ? l i t e d "a*"1** S«*nrd, is a strong curing4sr;s>.M.candidate,ha*^opM bewiUbe?hjPmn.regarded a s a person in the eye o f the law. and cease to deal with them, and give the;r busi- sides. L et them have up the Chevalier Tomtra upon this question; h e goas fc/JfJuntil late ia the afternoon, in the case of the late tion of slavery under all d r e u n J t o W . ^ homicide on board the steam,frigate Brooklyn. all hazards, and this opinion ia k#U, anowJrAa investigation was had yesterday, which lasted'But the present action of the people of the Southern States In protecting their own inte- reate and institutions against Northern aggres-Cetttr 1stfttwMdu be ^StLT ? * ' ^U 7 Chicago « W h ^ * * T ~ * **kindness: whereas, labor system in Newtreat him with so-called free England, t h e self-interestlition of.uveryTai^J ? * *' °" repnhltea. c e ^ M a a ^ H ; ^ Among theEastern and Western trade, which is a broken reed. I n t h e panic i t was tbe failures among tile Western merchants which destroyed thetoo, that money has been raised very recently inthiscity,bytherepublicans,tocarrytee Eastern elections. Without doubt this com- mittee will find its hands fulL The organisa- tion of the lobby at Washington, at Albaay,NEW YORK HERALD. WEDNESDAY, MARCH 7 , lBuO.-TBIPLB SBEBT.of good/,houses of New York do any busts*** „,n sveh unreliable customers. It U a lasW risky business. Notbiag ran be more tru,EDITOR AXD paOF'IUETOR. the full testimony. The fqicts transpired on the 7th three parties now in the field-the dtmocratf, tbeocratical oligarchy which now is insurgent PlOPS PlIXBVRV JlTWED BV HLH WORa*.— therefore, than that the Sootbern trade wit,'of November last, and treated considerableex r/xi*•»•co OfMAWAt4.NSFCI.TOV3TS-ctfij.entatthetime.ffljr.f, wuiA*»admac*. Jfo«*ry>"* Aytwill w*B W a (* I.a*teveningtheIsaacNewton proceededto Al- rW V VMM»i^ Pmlng* Mampt tvH rtc-Hrtl as nitm riftvm bai.v witb freight and pasiengers, the North riverTHMDMI7KMRALDtteormb?Te»mr,5?perammm. beingnowentirelyfreefromicenptothatcity.TheTUBWKEKLrHERALD,m*ry.•ittmrii}/,attiatrtmupm HendrikHudsonwillfollowthisevening,iapi** 5>y,orS3o«rmmm, lk»Eturopnan K-ttti-n tinj friviu,njremitpermpp.$4prriintttciAtaat.ypartofGnatBritirim, oftheNewWorld,whichwillmskeherfirsttrip i r | i k n y « p ( <y'«** Contuvmf hatl ta inrradr mvtmgt: tk* on Monday evening, having.we understand, been Cm^rmm Kim* amAtMAmdiKAo/«*cAa****at«tcem*Tw/UlfUl* HERALD m Wain***.*,al/<mrontoper thoroughlyrepairedsnd|ntInsbettercondition thanbeforetheaccidenttoher,ofwhichourread-^$OLVS?ZRr CORRZSPOSDEX'B, trmtnining import*** ers are aware.•MM,«*W«"d/roiaanyovartero^tfu-iwUtYturd,trillb* Charlestonnominee,therepublicanpartywilltownsinMassachusettsandtotheneighboringUkmaOfpamM *9~Ov* Forkm* C ^ i i M W D I i n A « a fiinwi ist.r IMVIKU w BAAI.AU.UHTBUAireFACK- ASKS nnrr vs- _ .The Committee oa the Street Cleaning Iareati- gation did not hold s meeting yesterday, in conse-say that the results achieved by him daring his VIRTL'E.—Decidedly the most important topte tenure of office could not have been smaller if of the day is the question as to the precise mo-held anoon for the purpose of consideringthe The Struggle Between Church and Stateafter-prospective legislation a t Albany, which i t i s understood will considerably revolutionize t h e management o f our public charitable institutions. The number now in the institutions is 9,257—a de crease of 97 for the week.Our Mexican correspondence, dated a t Monterey on the Kith ultimo, contains an interesting risumi of the progress of affairs in that portion of Mexico,privatemeetingyesterdaythe ousthefavortosendintheirbusinessnoticeswithsomeimportantnewsitems.GovernorOr- reachedthatstageofactionwhichextendsitsWiU the numerous adTerti^er;} in the metropolisI t s developementeft-re nine o'clock in the evening ? The pressure tega had captured Zacatecas for the liberals, and, of all sorts Unow so great upon ourcolumns that generally speaking, the cause was more hopefulinfluence beyond t h e limits o f the republic,and forces the coterminous powers to provide,by intervention of some kind, for their own de- prices. Hence t h e strikes, a n d t h e com-thrive. Andifwehave setthepriceotaa the part of the police ? The contrary is tbe •Aidtrman above the market rate, then let ftcome down. T b e laws o f demand and iuppl? must work to regulate the quotation* for Con mon (uunciimen as well as for pork and pota- toes. The theory of our correspondent is that tbe two thousand dollars which w a s ohVred t e Lycurgus Brady was t o b e divided amuag se veral other Spartans in theBoard. If taiau correct, w e have quoted Aldermen a t alto-since the late defeat o f Miramon in the mountains.(leneral Zuazua was preparing to open a new cam-paign. The exports from Monterey in 18.59 borders. At this moment the condition of the were very valuable, including twelve millions ofthe most benefit, for in the early delivery of the dollars in specie. The imposts for the same period feeliDg, which, when once aroused, no politi-u 1' t M , b y all the other twelve candida*«. O p - posed to it *t»ad the democratic party and thet eger to which they will involve the country and their ownparty bygivingwaytoanunwise and improvident party spirit which advocatesi nth-ir stores thatt h eahoU*.*general conservative element throughout *a M D U O R D U K 8 K J U I T T , de.itu. For want of roosi we are unable to give country. North and South. There are fairly its rejection. Tbe true question is snail, the man to foresee.therepublican-,andtheUnionparty,asthey ourrefusaltoratifythetreaty,andlendawithwhichwehadbeenthreatenedforsomeandtheyareinaveryrickettycoadil weekspast,isnowanaccomplishedtact. Not- tion: whileitisequallycertain thatou:c©«.withstandingthelamentationsmadeoverit inservatfve andnational houses aredoingt splendid business: for never w a s t h e vieid o /call themselves.Itisextremelyprobable that,whateverthehelping handtothegreat principleofsepara- tionbetweenChurchandState?event may be i n next November , this Unionpartyisdestinedtoformthenucleuaofagrand TbeRevolutionatthelYorth-TheBe- certainquarters,wedonotfindinthiseventState.h a salreadyIf the republicani are auo-ginning o f the End.The irrepressible conflict between capitalany very strong grounds for regret or sympa- cotton of the South more abundant than at tbe thy. Judging Mr. Pilsbury by the amount o f present time.opposition party.cesrful in electing a President, the democraticparty will be broken np u a formidable orga- and free labor i n t h e North which recently authority which he exercised up t o the circum-nization, and if the democrats carry in their broke oat in Lynn, and extended to other stances that led to his resignation, we must THK IMPORTANT Qt ESTION o r THK Dav -C m oCrimebranch o f business a t the North, and even realestate will share the general rain. T h e unfor- a watchful police supervision—there certainlytunate men and women thrown out of employ- has been no improvement under that head-ment by the criminal folly o f Northern agita- tors cannot live upon air. Either they m i«»Ky., and enjoyed a very high reputation in Mexico, the attention of the government of Guatemala. emigrate in thousands, or the most sweepingCAM of Tbaddeoa Hyatt, the contumacious witnessis the Harper's Ferry investigation. Mr. Hyatt both as a physician and kind hearted gentleman. On both sides, the question presented i s ,was allowed till Friday to make up his mind whe- Our Havana correspondent, writing on the 1st shall intervention or invasion be the adopted ther he will testify or go before the courts. In the instant, states that the naturalization difficulty be- pelicy ?minute* are of more value after nine o clock ia the evening t>an hours are before that time. Adver- tiser*, in complying with this request, will derivemencement o f a social, manufacturing a n dcommercial revolution, which will every d a ygain strength and intensity and extend t o everybeen moreprolific,psper in the morning are their interests best snb. served.were rated at nine millions of dollars. Drs. Martin and King, both Americans, quarrelled a t the din net table of their hotel in Saltillo, when the former was instantly shot dead by King, who madecal party can successfully resist; a n d o n th e southern border of the Mexican republic the same causes, along t h e boundaries o f ChiapasOf what importance t o us are petty improve-ments in tbe discipline of the force if They ex-hibit no better results than theee? They only gether too high a figure. W e supposed toat aThe News.Ia Congress yesterday the Senate took up the his escape. Dr. Martin was f» native of I.«xington, and Soconusco, are pressing themselves uponcity father in good condition would hold hia- and yet a very bad administrator on the whole scIf at leas! as higti AS the market value of ameantime he remains in the custody of the Ser- tween the United Statesand Spain, arising from thelabor protection against capital b y regulatingheurs and prices, and thus compelling capitaleither to retire from the field of activity, or to affordlaborthemeansofsustainingexistence,or the socialistic system of the French provi- have taken of his duties.establishing State workshops, must b e intendent has from the beginning only looked bureau o f t h e city government, with adopted, so as to bring down capital to the upon his office a s a sort of apostolic mission. power t o fix a tariff' which shall b e level oflabor—which would beallvery Allthereallyvigorousstepsthathehastaken uniform and proportioned totheinterests finefortheworkmenaslongasitlasted. duringhistenureofithavebeentoforward involved. Therewould,ofcourse,bea"prs SuchIstheprospect before theNew Eng- thefanaticalprojectsoftheSabbatarians,andThis is the question which the pending treaty geantatArras.TheCommitteeonMilitiawerelatearrestofGavinodeLianoatSagua,hadbeenwithMexicohasbeendesignedtomeet,andtion of a few policemen is another evidence ofdollars each, or anything like it. And, as tnereinstructed toinquire into theexpediencyof adjustedforthemomeutsoastopermitadiplo-chaoKing the control o f the Indians from the matic settlement to be made either in Washington in our opinion i t establishes t h e onlythenarrow'viewwhichheseemsallthroughtoseemstobejustnowsomemysteryabouttee matter, wereiterate oursuggestion thattheInterior to the War Department. M r. Brown's or Madrid. M. de Liano wan to be set free and notsafe and statesmanlike policy that 1B openmatter o f bribery should b e properly sional government in the revolution o f 184S, The truth o f the matter is. that the e x Super- systematized a n d organized i n a separateresolutions respecting slavery in the Territories » to our adoption. We do not want the territory were taken up, and Mr. Brown made a speech in molested further. The news of the capture of of the Mexican republic, nor can we contem-supporfbf them. A motion to take np the Military Tetuan oy the Spaniards produced great excite" plate t h e admission o f its ten millions o f mot-fence and the preservation of peace upon theirTexas frontier i s awakening among us a waror as subjects to the federal power.we do not want a war. which will compel us t oThereforea regiment o f mounted volunteers in T exas, wascarried, but the Senate adjourned without con- complication was feared between the Argentinesidering the subject The Presideat sent to Con- Confederation and Brazil, iu consequence of some invade that country, and occupy it, in order to if they escape the bloodshed and confusion, fortable as the efforts of the police could mike dinances involved the loss to some cousin or gress yesterday documents relating to the disturb- virulent articles published i s th e official press of preserve peace o n o u r frontiers. We do notances on the Texan frontier. The substance of these Parana. want to perpetuate a condition of things therepapers is given ia our despatches. In the House Owing to late intelligence reaeivett from the South, to which will lead to the revival of the filibustersigned for the consideration of the bill codifying with a firmer feeling The sales footed up about 3,000 bales, on the basis o f quotations given in another column. therevenuelaws. ThomasH.Stockton,ofPhila- Theleta;receipts attheports >iaot; ta•1stofSepr-ai- delphia,waschosenChaplainoftheHouseonthe berlasthaveamountedtoa,,y;otoo titles,airainiisecondballot.TheMileagebillwaspassedbyavote 2,944,000 in 1859,l,99S,UO in ISiS and 2,385,010 slaveryand anoligarchicaloccupationofthe breach between theNorth andtheSouthis organizationneglected,anditsenergieswasted the scale would undoubtedly runhigh. Baton the plan o f the English East India Company,every day that Northern labor is unemployed ficer. Of course, when the police is put under ers of tbe privilege of dragging lifeiens hoe*poverty will become poorer anddiscontent thecontrolofetichnarrowmindedzealots,we andbroomsthroughmuddystreets.Ieavi3gnodent had endeavored to bribe them from thsir 1857. The Hour market was drruer and more aiuve, wiih the armed bands which disorder permitsto to consummate a total alienation, and to place action, wethink the Board were quite rigo.' in | away on the score of "public good,' lor vitacourse of duty. Mr. Branch hop«i that no objection increased sales, chiefly to tha local and Kistern trade: an impassable gulf between North and South, takiDg no notice of it. Memorials of this kind | the tiiiirl" would g o dowu to the rnuiaiaai — the medium and higher qualities closed at better prices. roam in Mexico, and the restraining of our ownwould be made from the democratic side. If the !-*>uthern liour w a s also in <?oo4 demand a t improving misguided citizens w h o believe that fame and but t h e triumph o f the republican creed next are s o easily gotten u p that they have ceased I piobat'ly !Presidentweretoblameitshouldbeknown.If prices Wheatwasmoreactive,sndsaleswere made fortunecanbefoundinaprivateinvasionof not. the calumnies should be exposed. Mr.Hous- to a (air extern at. full prices. Corn waa steady, Mexico.ton and others participaed in an exciting debate, while the sales were fair and paces unchanged 1'orkafter which the resolution was adopted. waa steady, though the fi-chng vt.it tune: sal.'s of new In order t o avoid all theee evils and theyfall. Tothat,allthatliasyettakenplaceis tohaveanyvalue. Theyemanatefrompre«ybut the beginning of sorrows—the foretaste of much the same class of men a s those whose it. is bij^h time that something wa* don*the bitter cup of retribution in store for the names were appended to tbe Fifth Avenue Ho- nboiit, liila mailer, and we hope that. Aldt-rauatickets. Some local bills were parsed. T h econsideration of the Governor's Message was resumed, and Mr. P. P Murphy addressed the SenateStlength. IntheAssembly,inCommitteeofthe democraticcandidalforrh,ePresidency,withWhole, various bills were considered and orderedto s third reading; among them the Albany Police the candidates o f the republican party, with act The bill to amend the Usury Lawswas sketches of *hcir live?. The Republican Con-one o* the blsi-k republican leaders, inrrod'icedare true and consistent with each other.In New York and Philadelphia the commer-cial houses are chiefly o f two kinds, in a puli'i cal point of view—those of a national aod con^-r- vative character and in favor o f Sotithern righ'«. and those o f an anti-slavery complexion, hostile to the institutions o f the Southern Slates. T h eFerry raid, Helper's book, and its endorsem<Mv e*tiled pirlols a n d eofJVe account with 0D« by the Northern members of Congress, including Maxwell, o f ^ou'h Carolina. O n e a t a timeWilliam H. Seward, and the doctrines promul is a L'ood rub- abo.it tbete. a* Well a* all Othermaturs.gated b y the leaders o f the republican partygenerally, has affected these two classes oi With regard to the resolution which created houses in opposite directions. It has made one all thie fuss, there is no special objection to •*>. to prosper and the other to languish and decline. if the investigation i« made general. Let the The national houses have never done so good committee g o to work in solid earnest. Theya business, while the abolition houses are will find that money is used by all partiesin nearly ruined, having large stocks o f good> o n all popular elections o f any importance. They hand which they cannot dispose of, evm a t will ascertain that both the democratic and re- co6t. T h e Southern merchants find o u t t h e publican parties are so far demoralized thattbetr fanaticalhousesbyreadingtheadvcitiaementa leadersdependuponbriberyandcorruptiontodebated,and proposed. The House refused to orderthe bill t o a third reading. M r . Callicot made a minority report on tolling railroads. W> publish in to-day's paper the amendments of the city charter proposed by Oakey Hall and his poli»'eal associates, together with a list o f the acts that have passed the legislature, and also o f those which have passed through one Hou-»e only.their masters, what would purchase their free- dom, if they did not prefer the protection and bappy security afforded them against want inm<^8weremadeat$1837-.„,andsewp.'me at$U66u are great ones—it is necessary forus toNorth,which will overflow withaccumulated telmanifesto,andwhocan liegottosignany-The proceedings of the Legislature yesterdaywere not particularly important. Iu the Senate, $14 75 Beef an 1 lard were uncian^cd. Snga'.= were look a t the real issue o f the domestic con- calamities, and which she must drink to theht;a\ v. and sales embraced 6C0 a 700 hbds , Including 300 flict in that country, and. ascertaining dregs.Mr. Fiero one red resolutions in favor of th e rinal do. l'orto Rico and Xew Or:t-ana, sold b y auctiuu a t rates 1settlement of Revolutionary claims in Con.giren m another column Cofl>it w*s o,uiot but tlr.a. which is th e party that legitimately On the other hand, the equilibrium be-!ic it (.light lo b»- delin',rely s-et'led. Pi I.I.H VIKII K IN WANUIMHON.greas. In Committee of the Whole several bitls Freights *«re quiet anii steady, wV.le engagements were lepresents the sentiments o f the people and the tween t h e relations o f labor a n d capi- into trouble.wereorderedtoathirdreading:amongthemthe mo-crate. causeoforderandprogress,togive tothat tal in theSouth is undisturbed,and billtopreventfraudinthesaleofpassengerTheIt-publicanCandidate*fortheChi- partysuchdirectmoralandindirectmaterialthereisthemostperfectharmonybe-THE SPRING TKAOE WITH iHh Sorrti i \ N>.\vlathe HouseMr. Uuvod^.already t o bear upon it the principles andpractices which be learned in the Know Nothinglodge*, and the republican Senators who to-daysuppose they are opposing the Mexican treatyon purely logical grounds will find themselve'placed, in a few months,by the force of eJrcumstances, in the position of either defending themoit corrupt branch of the Roman Catholic Southern planter and the black laborer born church that exists an thfcaonttnent, agninst aupon the great questions involved in the Mex self-interest of labor does not harmonize with ican treaty as statesmen, and not as partisan?. it. The friendly intercourse and commerce of We know that several of the wisest o f the the South have hitherto prevented an explosionreaching its climax. On the other hand, therepublican leaders look on this treaty in theUntitled Documentsame light that we do, a s requiring immediateatification, and w s warn them now o f the dan-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069beet firms of New York.It is only in desperaState o f New Hampshire, will soon spread i nother directions over New England, and pro-bablyoveralltheNorthernStates. Itiathe strictedpowers.beginning o f a revolution i n t h e North—poli- We have always been advocates o f the cen- tical, manufacturing a n d commercial. T h e tralization o f authority i n municipal affairs,be dead and gone forever.thing left then for the defeated parties but to coalesceinonepowerfuloppositionagainstthe administration.There seems every probability that the nextelection will call out an immense yote. T h e fire has been kindled, and who shall stay the where i t could b e shown that the principleThere will b e no-hehad been acting from the firstunderre- neyvalueofamemberoftheCommonCouncil ofNewYorkcity. Inaveryrecent casemeabundance o f combustible material t o feed Mayor, w e believe that t h e city would gainThe reasons which governed t h e Alderman have not been very clearly s e t forth, either by himself or the journals, although both havesurplusstock,withouta market, and theya r ecompelled to discharge many of their hands andreduce the wages of the rest t o starvation dences of increased vigilance and activity onchanges must immediately take place in th e prove that a m a n may b e a martinet in trifles, legislation of the New England States, givingisiou has inaugurated a conflict between the labor and capital o f t h e rfprth the extent and end of which are beyond tbs ken of mortalin Mexico receive assistance indirectly through The resignation of Superintendent Ptisbnry, that class o f hou*a has dwindled aw*.acitypowersofthiskind,andtogivetotbeview of the matter, in the following letter:-TO T B I ED1TOB OF TSB RDALO.Ifaw Yoax, Marc* a. ISM.negrolaboroftheSouth hasrecoiledalreadyinfearfulretributionontheNorth,andkindleda contest between Northern capital and the so- will be doubly so, for it places the control of Mr Brady alone, aa hie vote would aat bar* Icalled free labor of white men o f the Caucasaian race—men free t o work a t prices by which they and their little ones must starve slowly and b y inches, or free t o refuse t o work on such terms, and die at once a rapid and sudden death from the effects of famine.The hostile attitude of the anti slavery party which has gained the ascendant in almost every State north o f Mason and Dixon's line has forced the South into a corresponding attitude of defence and defiance, and the result is that great numbers of the Southern merchants have refused to deal with tbe Massachusetts capital- ists for shoes and other articles, and the con- sequence of that movement is that they have athere isa BoardofPolice Commissionersitthepoliceforcestillfurtheroutofthereach thattbe92,000wastohavebeendividedbytea.ta«aofthe central authority.an analogy between th e constitution o r th e it does not appear that aay other overtures (teas ias»alleged) were made Who, therefore, earn oectde aatu London police and ours in order to support factorily the rcxed quit two r Your theory i« liberal farcivic virtue—mine more i a accordance w a h endaaae the ex-Superintendent's pretensioDs is absurd Tben, are you not doing use Aldermen au injury Win t h e extreme. Unless o u r institutions a r e driving oO tooae jootseta woo caoaot aflord to pay n i M but are «tflii>g to pay S20u for eacn of tbe "secrett a Wby it'.'decrease?—have the arrests o f offenders multi plied?—havewehad,inshort,anyoftheevi-drygoods. Farfromit.WesaylettradeHave the statistics o f crime exhibited ah a sneverfactas m a y b e seen b y t b e calendars a n d t h e Fire Marshal's report: a n d a s regards street offences—which mark more than anything e k elikely nigger in tbe South. I t is a very amali with the Mayor s suggestions as to the disposi- business if Aldermen g o off at tw o hundredTbe refusal o f t h e Superintendent t o complyrata" feature in it; and for all those schemes land States, and they may bless •their stars to render the Sunday as gloomy and uncom- wherein a compliance with the charter and or-the rebellion and revolution, which their lead- it. W e d o n o t blame the man : the constitu- brother, o r some pet o f the Aldermen, o f trail-ing m en have been so long preparing in vain for the South.tion of his mind i s naturally ascetic. H e re- ing empty ash carts about tbe city, or dump-which,administered byand inbehalfofpri-vatecitizens,shallleadtotheestablishmentof willbeexasperated,whileallthetimethe mustexpecttoseethelegitimateobjectsofits evidencesofthtirpresence—forthese,wesay,of L*>4 to 21. Mr.Hoard ottered a resolution asking in 185". The exports have reached 2.205,000 biles, widening, and the preparations of the Southern on matters foreign to them. for a grant of a street through the Park, a rail- for a select committee to inquire into certain state. sgaicst 1.576,000 in I860, 1.156,000 in 1828. and 1.2M,000 country. W e d o not want t o b e forced t o es-in 1S57. The stock on hsud embrace! 1.111,000 bales tablish a large army along the whole boundary States to manufacture for themselves are has- As to the remonstrance which was sent in road to Yonkers. o r any rneA«-ure whereby merits made by Messrs. Adrain. Haskin and Hick- !man iu last December, to the effect that the Presi- against ST0 0C0 u i 1859, 74.S.GOQ in 1858, and Oo3,000in line, for the double purpose of defence from tening to completion: and nothing is wanting to the Commissioners, disapproving ot their valuable rights of the «ity could be thrownYORK AXD PHiLADBLPHra—Is IT INCKKA.SIXU(>I: cago Koiitlnaitton. supportasarecompatiblewithoursystemand tween themaster and the slave. So farDEI-REASJNG'.'—Someoftbejournalsoftbi*cityofKepreiCDUttivtr^, o n Muiida,,We have already published a list o f the policy of government. This party is tire o n e from any of the negroes of the Southern plant- whichholdsthelegitimateauthorityofthere-ersbeinginwantofthefirstnecessariesofassert that the spring trade with the South i nNewYorkandPhiladelphiaisinaveryflou-rishing way—better, indeed, thao it ever was—while others state that tbere is a great fallingoff in business in bnth these cities, with mer-chants who have hitherto done a thriving tradewith the Southern States. Now, strange a s it pi event several members from explaining their may at first blush appear, both these statementtheir biocrrapbies, and to day we give a list ofca certain whether any rmmey has b?en used t opublic, which is predominant in three-fourthsor its territory, which fe defending the high supplied, and after satisfying the demands ofpiinciple that the clergy and the soldier shallnot possess peculiar and special privileges i nthe State, which seeks to destroy a pernicioussystem o f accumulation, under which a few ec- sickness o r old a g e b y the justice a n d benefi- clesiastical corporations are rapidly absorbing cence 'of the Southern institution. It is esti- the land and overshadowing the civil power,and which, in its official representation, has re-spected its official obligations to the rest of theworld, and has been recognized and treated dollars. In every age and every country therewith b y our own government. To this legiti- bus been a continual conflict between freelife, they can earn, alter all their wants beingr-iirt popular elections, or to proc ire o r p>»v- veut the parage of bill- before Cotgreua. liiis resolution was adopted under the operation of •h/* previous question, which did uot, however,mated thai the savings of the negroes of tbe South, though a thriftless race w h o care n o t for money, amount to one hundred millions ofvotei- Amotig others, Mr. Ashtnore, of Souiii Curoliua. in>i»ted upon ^peaking, and » » called to order b y Mr. Grow. Ashmore. indig nant a t heing snubbed, turned upon Grow, fc.ijing that h e inigh' call him to order oae ria« too muny. Coming from a South Carolinian, that weans tight, it does not appear thai ativ- tbicg further in the nostile way took place; ar»d, if we are oot mii-tnt'tr. Mr. Af-hmore bus aa ua-mate representation of the Mexican nation, the labor and capital, in which labor has beenal-treaty now before the Senate extends the only ways worsted, though sometimes capital hasassistance which we can make available at this been doomed to signal suffering. The New political excitement arising out ofthe Harper'sgards the Sabbatarians as tbe vicegerents o fBiady will report »n oiOinan-e forthwith.. For thing without reading i t , counting on the tre i*.st ifn y«-ais tbere bus !>«-•-» ttit* Tto»t per- chance of their backing out on this excuse plexing unci Viinty as to the Aldermanic tariff. should their autographs threaten t o bring thf-m and is tin n.at'.er 1* now t'air'v before '.he pu»-degradedtoachattel,asispretendedbytheiatheIndependent,TriWne,EcenimjP<>sf.andcarryStatesordistrictswherethevoteiscloseabolitionistsandWilliamH.Seward. Heis theotheranti-slaveryorgansofthiscity.They ordoubtful. Letthemgetwitnessesfromallhis master, who has no property either in his ness t o the conservative house?, which they Ford to tell the story of the Pennsylvania elec-soul or body beyond his mere labor, is ameo- able to the laws if he is guilty of cruelty or in- justice to his servant. But if (here were no law to compel liim t o do justice, and i f no feelings of mutual good will existed between the whitealso discover b y looking into the advertise- tion of 1856—how he was entrusted with a fundon his estate and bound to him for life, self-it is streaming t o the national houses in New York and Philadelphia more copiously than it ever flowed t o them before. They have now a monopolyofIt.owing totheNorthern antiabout how much it costs to get a bill through the House, from his reputed connection with tbe free wool affair. Hon. Massa Greeley, too, one o f tbe victims of the lobby, might throwpopular and rising agitaMn. o r else o f givinga tacit consent t o a vast filibuster achemr°which will lead them n o one knows where.We call upon t i e republican Senators t o look of capital takes the opposite direction, and t h e slavery agitation o f thirty years duration some light upon the matter b y recounting h »interest would induce h i mt o t h eunderof one hundred thousand dollars wherewith to The Southern trade i s a sound, substantial carry that State, and h o w h e didn't do it after and profitable one—a trade which produced no all. Then there is the celebrated Orsamus B.failures in the last commercial revulsion, and Hatteson. He might be able to tell somethingments in the national and Union papers.•oocaaa of Mr. Tucker, aeaee it ia aaorc Saaa rjiaaiiijredwing the minimum ot AJderaaaaic value to tan, na resolution calling lor a special commitfet- t o www.fultonhistory.comtion fromhavingimmensei m p 1 usstocks 