 *' *•scape-goat toe of toe It Institnte waa imprisoned by tepraseataUvea paepl*..r •aiNKslai^ a£|{>tadTortc^ready tohelp tomeetaafreemen ceivedit Her declaratton was re-_ aaarefertoorertoanked'GodtoeywerejMUlathat toe Territoriea shall bestrongest terms. He was imprisoned merely upon aquestion havtogbeen it was found to have taken,HMr. Hal* did not think the last three weeks had whetoer beapprovedof toe of aTOL. IZ—NO. 2697.Mtm. PRICX TWO CENTS'tKnnoFir waia wtttfcn.atlawftlMi, •*KAazafs,a, Naw-Tou, Miy M, iseo. of anr laige and rapidly in-.FROM WASHINGTONv.Haskto, Batton, Hawkins, Blekman, HlU, Holmtn, Henston, ]-e>a>d, tiaghe*, Jackson, Jenkins, KUgore, Killingar, Kiukel, Laaar, LaDdrnm, Larrabee, 1/aaeh of North Laraltoa Leake, Logao, fjougneckea. Lane.bthtatbtvok thaddbcs htatt.andrate TBAXBitn Btatt. 'Wkat fboUilBeai wai fliatr Was aat Tbabpbss Htar lB|>l*eMd by th* repiaaan- tattve* *f toe people f TbekclwaatMaladof theheartARRIVAL OF THE-fi?t|^WiM«f lialllln a»dp*aU»i ia eaaea oar wallkmown fhaMt Braadiai, wklaUei, Ae., and have leat Oen Mitl a Uyla fliat woald piModa the poedUllty of SMrtatM iaaparad wtth before reacmsg the par-I wkMt «a maittOB. Old I>oMoB Dock Ola."• Kantacky BoartioB, 1849, Reaarre." ItilM"'' OeBolae Cognac." „^Jln^ • 'aaifaty a< Forta, Bharrlea, Hadelraa, *e., kMtlT* «yla, aad ooaorWaf the"Awrite.To Fraaldent BooBAiAa."reportad provide porary Govenunent for Nevada.6i«w temporarily,) itrlke oat tbe Anti-Slavery proviso, and insert one of a different char actor.Mr. HonsTOB, of Alabama, (Dem.,) objected to any amendmenta until Mr. Gaow shonlil yield toe floor al-After prayer, toe President rebeaned tbe eaaseiDnmaAXMBin,Bpcechea by Dr. CheaTer, WoadeUrtlMf. It iadeenad aiTlnble City trade, and oonfina car attan- jKiUkm and sal* of our atawlaid 1 Tcoaat aad aid Importatfanu of de- I iraMa, Bnaolaa, Glna, *c^ in bowl ar datjwe h»T« adeaspa- 'Itte p^a^i^t thirty yaan aad reliableglatawiu parebutterfleld, Campbell. Case,\iIwhentoe vote waait. While readtog aa abstract from to* SD**eh of Senator Douslas, toe means which to*THE AFFAIRS OF ITAXlrr',,paelal Dlapatehdescrtotog ey"iiieprcislble cecflict" might be pot down, Mrs. €RE1T IMPEBUL FETE AT 8B*u,BT,alady to tbe body of toe hal], aroae, anda «di_«,re„e „o.< piUeaadp^laaiore,wewilad aMeartmeat Uflda mrket. —MDMd taoia ai* far itia by all prooa-^ttcataadaidaa rogaidi quality, alio lo In- •otedUtleefarrapp^gonlen with greateracceptedvalidity;From Aa Aaaooiatsd Freaa.for CalcuttaQatcistfp, hence, botind Eafttta«pi^tftaC«ya»deo«ii»r. TkaioSf aMvaaMlaa, ana graUiyiac athnrawaidadtmttOorU,baaaneenrWagBiiaNir, FiMay, May 11.committed to the Cominlttoe of the Mr.HonsTOBmovedtototdetoebOLagainstimprtaontogoutrage uponCITY INTELLIGENCE.Libbabt-faaa tha» hei etoiwe.Waban*recaoHy renoredto No.19BrsadHtreat,t^ s>c-The motion ef toe Utter was 74.Mr. Gaow reported btlls toagreedto—92Wall-ibeel) where it wlU afford aj pleaanre to am paraasally, x to reeeira your order*, to we wUl dve oar pertonal attaatloa.returnhereagain.provedhighlyter waa read, aa foUowsLibrary AssodaUon waa resumed to the Leeture-^l^artdk of fnaaa, Ac, No. 19 Broad->»eet.tabled. severally Also,a^tfoliy'. ^A. M. Bnniiaaa * Co., (Ertabltshed 1778,)bill Chippewa.Besagatost toe fslsit imprisonment of THAnnana Htatt but By best wishes will be wito you and toe faithfultog last—toe occasion of toe anntuimeeting-at*nppoaad BoaSiampton.pec„ __ ^^goae home on leave. There is aome doubt of,nightsignalawito asteamerbotnaiEastHon* Eli Thayer Heading tbe Demo- cratic Forces.to the Vew-Tork Tinea. WuKaetot, Friday, May II.AIOTBXB nUOKAPH TBOM 010. BAKDIBS.LiTesLott* '.'!,mIedicinalon,aadwith Geo.Biasaaahaalentanotherdiipateh theIlhrde Island, Royce, Sherman. Spurmer, Birbt C. Cbbxvix, of Jewett City, Conn., who pikes down toe throat of Docolab, and toat she waaIn the Niw-Toaz Tuns of to-day la not derired from anything that I h*Te said,and meeta my unqualUed condemnation. My Charleaton dl*- pidefaei to yoo were neither playful nor ironical, bat were aa earaeat aa I felt, aad ui terioua a* I couldtelegramMr. of Ci.AU,toewhich sailed fromMoaaiv as Brlttsh Consul at Portland, Me.CoL RAABLorr, Charge fjjfairn for Denmark, hasMr. Gaow—witoWhen they bad been read, the Secretary aimoimcedMtBCANTiLXAssociatiob.—^Laathence forOn toe »to tost, lat 45°, Ion. 42° Mr,Hehas ceptable to our Government.himselfTbe Homestead bill, aa it passed the Senate, was so changed a* to give aetnal settlera land* for 29 canto an acre, afier two yean* letUementof Mr. were Tbatbb,to organlzeatemporary government forMr. Crana,of losrk, (Itep.,) saldtoeie was a mii-Mv Dbab SibL.large steamahlp, boand East,'BBa'8 fJM-ew.Tpn LOITDOM ClUB Among her paasengers were Capt. DcpomandUents. homes west of toeFngiUve Slave pnrpoae maktog bill itself, [cheers,] aha 1 rejoice in e < sry sign toat pul>-lor to all otbara now in oia, and aokl rate. ladiipanaablaatthebreakfa«t, dtnaar table, one baa only ta procure a bo^ art reipcctable grocer to teat Ita nTorr A. J. Plana, No. ISLis and Poaxsa, CnAaLxs W, Laa, Chief Clerk,- Job* W. Hooo, Correspondtog Clerk of the Navy Depart- ment, Mr. AxcmsAu>,< Chief Engineer of the Navy,Purser Cim-Rocky Mountains, They go tolther witoout law to protect tkem, which it was theduty of toe Government to afford.Mr. Cbaio, of Misaenri. (Dem.,) asked whether toegentleman would insert the proposiaon that the peo- ple of ihe Sonto should take toeir property with toem.Mr. Ccuig replied, not toe negroes, but white men,11c optoion will lie aroused to correct such wrongs. ThepoweroftoeHouseofReprestntativesteinsti- tnte inquiries toto toe conduct of any " oivil ofllcer" af tbe United 8 ates cannot be aoubted, for tois power is a natural tocldent to the power cf impeachmeai which be- longs M tbe Honse under toe ConsUtutioo. But theyearlycategory of " merchante' clerks" shotdd bewas debated, and voted down by a heavy m^ority. Mr. Woop offered a resolution asktog toe appotot- ment of a committee of seven, wito power to examine toto toe fiscal condition of toe Association, and report at a next meettog to be held two weeks hence, as towas destroyed by fire on Saturday night, Apifl St^ f^ toat thirty Uvea war* lost.OtdenaeppUadbyitiaet, aaia a«ent for Um United SUtea.Cass, HoDokals, Secretarybeen postponed till toe 1st ofThe steamer Coaasbaa antved atHouowAT'g Puxs AMD Oumcnn akonld be Embassy is to l>e received at the Navy Yard withwant protection. He was sorry toat toe Slavery has been overlooked by many who have hastily insisted toe of the annual dues. Itgave momtogof the 27toand theUrarpeol Kamganto'aloek. "Dot," and tbe Hop Plekars," tfg, ad M "anioMrcpaataa tt-imr-andtbeotoer,charge of technicalcontempt:and his imprisonmentbeenlostimmediately afterwards adjourned sine die.ReveltiasthmatteTalsarUaa.—fAlMmt Pabk.—The beet inreniad. Alae, feet forInvestigattoga,arrive to. tilTil. ^AXIIFIOIAI. LMS AXDacte of sympatttisedJohx witoBaowa, him,and givingAm- toeir meettoga,Aortaaad by kip dlaeaae* ana other eaoMS. jk. Hnasa, of Palmer * Co., CUatoa Hall, Aatrar-protection.Mr. Pbblpi!, oftoey Washtogton. Theyfight between Hxbbab and theOABt—KewOaa Fixture* for the S{nkigMr. GoocB replied toat all the Territories should beunder some organization. He did not regard toenumber of inhabftante. Did toe genUeman commend Mr. Htatt was readtog bis defence. Mr. Siwiu, mitted.) TlK third meettog took place yesterday, at me to addtog my mite of evidence to th* iSas^ ^_ Wtm D0LLAX8 OiiLT. For thia trifling rom*ItaM^of toegovern- to thea. A. Bktoti M. V.fhangman,wareItnottoattoeirdeatructionwoulddo afreebridgeatMcComb'sDam.Thesumof•20,- foraizmonthsthelUstkataf*at toetx>tfa sums to he assessed8y,ofp«*ttol^lo^.bills not objected to were passed.Mr. Halx moved that when the Senate adjourns,tt will be tUl Monday. Carried.Subsequently, Mr. Hnaru, of Virginia, (Dem.,)torre were not a hundred whiteMr. Goooa raneated his question whether Mr.Fbilps approved of toe policy of plactog toe Terri- tories under some orgsnizatlon,expressed Philufb.theprogressof toaloagi and proceeded remarked that he was engaged in stodying the Japan- ktod, and I am sure toat I am not mistakea a* la^^eelBgCommittees witn'power."He[Applause.] scientific toan the contastante of—• to denouncetoeimprisonmentofMr.Htar,asan manicconfreres. AldermenCokbkllandBaolkt, mannertowhichtheevcntopaaaad. IdaMniaWfPaMla •peaker*. Tdcalbt*. aad all itbaTokse.shMildaaTarfail of n*liig r •arpaa* all other ar*parati<*BB in the Tolee, remoTlag boarM* iBjia« irrlMIaa or the throat, and aa a cough f are pretataeBtly the beat. Bold by all drag-privateplause.] tosiead of a government of toe•val ofobstruction*totoe Harlem and to etect aRiver, fightbetweenmento paaaian. Harawantvoai^Iraa la dw9tfd, t to iheatJte at Mnaarimietta. Dr. EIatis e*r-dvto Bkalatala a solution of protoxide of iron "peopleTerritories at thatmore—ought to Uve, had brought themaelvea to a poiat «tei•b*>adeemedimpoaeible,"aadthat iathePemriansomuch InsolqnttodignaUon as Mr. Htatt's appealto Conscience and to Goc. The Slaveocracy bftoeSenate could not wltostand any such as that upon New- York and Westehester counties. Nearly physical development phyateal health, aM*kDr. llBTali ecHlaawa ta amir Ua Sadleal Uie proceedtoga at Charleston. It ill becomes the Oar* Trua* with raeeeaa, in effecting eure* of Hernia Republicans 'o complain of what has been done. •rBaptare. LadiaawauedapoabyafmaleiasrlTate We despaired of the Whig party some time ago, andtrainingMr. soivln-law of Mr, LiDTAV),The of tb* iZIsMsis froBB departureSoafiMaiflaa ka*oa tmand Dr.mission, and a full maitne band on board. TheSenate has no suchnaaBAM,inquisitorial power. This essential difference between toe two branches of toe LegislatureCAtaocH BsSHAH vrasate as the District-Attorney of Califoinla.SENATE.WASHmSTOi, Friday, May II.Hr. Hau, of Kew-Hampghire, (Itep.,) intrc dacad a bill for the relief of ^aroum EDWAine and a»- aociates. Read twtoa and referred.On motloB of Mr. Iraiaoa, ofGeorgia,(Dea.,) the toeGovernment of Chippewa. Hisin toe chambers of the Aldermanlc Al-Board, case. I saw every thing that trao^dred,Bathlag Traaaea, Sapterian, Shoulder wracea, nothtog is DOW left us but fragments of the Dem- does Bot answer toat question.a. SOknaaticStoeUnn.Knee- ocratic to and party fight against,tbe wishes of toe rulers of toeirday.to-day128 sgainst It The meettogMr. Pbiipb—I don't aporove of toese bllla. ligMtBMaf the Sprlngttyle. TbU tntaUlgance moved to postpone the prlrat* calendar, and take up Mr. GoecB—Does toe gentleman approve of toeiiiapiiilMaii at No. 213 Broadway, one of Khox'b BHt be gratt^iag to oar roadera., ferred to toe wanting of Kobsotb, to toe effect that with Cotmcllmea Vab 'Tibs and Shaw, were appoint- however, to tlie first place, that brutal aa iraat ka wfed as representatives of toe Committee, to proceed tothe Deficiency bill.Bad not the Senate agreed to adjourn over, hepolicy !Mr. Phxips—Your policy is to prepare billa youto their love for government, should not forget toe word " nation," uid warned his audience toat If tliisWashington snd invite toe Japanese toprize-fight, this cae agreeably diaappolntad ai ta toeextentofitebrutality. Theraadarwkehaiiaasar witoeased a prize-fight caanot compare it to aafflitai else he ha* everGEO. N. SANDERS. Q.tolelltgence appeared in a portton of ouribeThe Prealdent haa recognized HnsT JoHW Whole on toe State of the Union.wito tosteamer PkiUdtlpkih left fcr Hampton Roads andentandtog regard organizingsome of theaedtrkat,The AtiaThethia afternoon to receive the Japaneae Embassy.Territories. Thousands werespeakers. m To me toequestion had bean poatpoited. A proposition toknow we cannot vote for, and which you know the Caealura aad TaeaUata.—A netad eler- would have been content to eopslder toe Deficiency Senate and Executive will not sanction. 1 am wUi-City. ; case was suffered to pass quietly, soon the whote In the meantime toey are practictog toe Oriental people would be enslaved and under toe entire control A resolution was toeaad paMie lectorer mr* of BROWN'S BBON-TBOCBXB:' Isallliylecturingtour*.Iputil-aBtoavaa^rTpPat-bag a* regularlj a* I do le«-'bill to-monow.Mr. Ivxisoa spoke of the small number of days de-tog to organize Territorial Govemmente on toe prop- er baals. I am imwUllng to sustain bills which ex- clude my constttoeBta from emigrattog wito toeir property.Mr. GoocH said to* senUeman had not answered bis question.Mr. Pbilpb toqulred whetoer toe gentleman and his Mends would vote out the objecJooable Anti-feature of these blUa, and whether toe Slavery gen-tleman did not, at toe last sesston, vote to toe layJeflersoB and Arizona territorial bills on tbe table.Salaam. adopted, requesttog Mr. Htar, or become slaves themselves. [Ap. Mayor to receive toe Japanese Ambassadors and^present session. molion to adjourn over be reconsidered, and that th* Senate considerthe Deficiency bill to-morrow.Mr. Latbah, of CaUfomla, (Dem.,) moved a re-coBddaratlon aecordlBgly.Mr. HAloia. of Main*, (Rep.,) remarked that Con-gress has been to sesston several months, and littleSad been done We are all anxious to home yet. getof their lulers. The people, he said, mast releasethar* isdisgusting or terrl^lng which bdaag la ft*voted to thecalendar thesuite to toe Governor's room at toe City Hall, andMr.HcxTxasuggestedthat iheple now,'-/(Ud, onlyaWere toere not sometimebeforetheconstitutionsicommencement time.to Iwtoappropriatedtime,fbltowingequally andflinap thi* detirable mint ia attained by combination in of the next session, but he himself did not want to go Mr. GoocH replied, toat the gentleman would rath-appealany more toan a wild bull could wltostand toe wav-yekr (20,00Utoe whole of this was expended to removtog moneyA way beftne unkuovn." Th. Perarlan Syrup, or pro* tirtan aolatlon of Protoxide of Iron combined, *i Mid bySranlit*. N.L.CLASKK&CO.,Prostietor<, _^^^^__No. «9Broad»*y.until all burtness wss disposed of. ask questions toso aiiswer tosm. But he again askedwould enable toem to kill wlto aw Mow oae at a* gluttons and daily violator* of the osgaale lawa atwent to Mr,an laalMrapMlaneaa. by MABSBk oO;, Charleston and delivered speeches contalntog- souikl establisiting governmenta for Jefferson and Arizonatoework. Tbetotalamount is appropriatede.«T«eT-«t.. Iiew-Tera, opoo«ite St. Paar* Church. inRepublican doctrines, where toe Republicans woald last session, which toere were more people thannot have beea permitted to go* Now the Democratic to toe Territories to-day proposed to be organized ? BBOOKLYN INTELLIGENCE. party is broken to pieces, but there waa to be an at- Mr. GoocB—The eendtmen on toe other side want tempt to unite it Agether agato with Soald- some sxcnse for toalr votes to-day against toese bills.anything he might do.readaB* extract from a letter from Mr. Htar, Westehester County, and two-thirds upon New-York. tweaty-five to thirty mites a day to durance, to himself, to toe effect toat The (Commissioners have advertised forproposala to—TBICorxTS. NojsrytrialswillbetakenupinIng's glue (laughter) and Buke it stick. There [Laughter.]noite of toe erectian of toe though preparations toat sentM* Cenrt until May 21, when tbe followiag;CowTiCTiOHB.—^Daringand even totoe moat': Intoxication,979;ra- TlolaUng City ordl- malicious uilsehief,n «s, 34;j!y, 186 ;;wasted to lend a taelptog hand to poUUclans. The people have toe right ana power to govern toemselvesvehemenUy.SmCB OF WXNDELL PHILLIPS.;:; aeductlon, 1 ;coantarfeltug, 6grand larceny,andhis colleague or any one else sboula be preventedandWa Swwdfli*or«ian,tftoequestiontoeyneed say no more.Thi Heknan Tsstimonial.same as was Tom Cobwix at toe same age.petit larceny, 7» fighting to (•aeet, 23privatetoey went to bed early, rose early, balked-gmpathypr**ent it has 60U BubBcrtbets.toe State of Vir-Her. Mr.oltoe third. If we have got rid of Gscaos HIbyent at toeregard to toe Johbsupport.—We are Mr.EnwAXnPbalobtostatethatheWasnotJKS^HS-tf"' .^^.V^*** a^^aemlnatlng the high UuUis thatsearch-warrants,wehavemadea ofa* poor exchangeC. Hixbab•bb through iLemeclstorlalpartii;leMhIntheSenatewhich THApniuB Hyatt was to be imprisoned was toDat.—Is;thelast four monthsandMr. Tbatbb was agatost organizing a Government /pass He claimed toat toey had Bible authority for;338 of Uiesc cases were disposed ofana, therefore, should be left aloneWhen Dr. Cbxivib hadtrodueed Mr. WiiiniLi. Peilups, who was receivedwito tumultuous cheers. He said he wished be couldhave preceded Dr. CHXzvza, as toat gentleman had took from toeir profite nearly $100 a week,left blm so little to say. He would, however, take and at the same time enabled him to under-disttoct and even broader ground than tbat of Slav- sell otoer manufacturers. Therefore, toe parties debase toeir physiqite, and what Is aohlar (tin, tak' bry —^vlz.: The present crisis of Constitutional Lib- aggrieved had struck, and hoped toat tbey would be mtod,by gluttony and •piittons drinks anderty. Every Government, so far as it was free, was sustatoed by tbeir fellow-craftsmen and manufactur- inagdarllr. madeupofwhattoepeoplebadwrestedfromusurp- ers generally. Arerolutionwasoffsred, toatall togofeverykind,tofindtauKatleastwttotkaaiampla3;Buyh<m, 1.ta Jaauary, 2G9 in Febraary, 36S In March, and ill in Apsll. —from interfering with them.By general consent toe motion to reconsider was Mr. GooCB explatoed his views as to legisU'lon forployed poorly;had beeu a great deal of good done, but the men doing it did not know what they weretratoers bella of heavy sticks,—h—'it will be calledSI, M, », 27, 40. 4J, 43, 49, SO, 51, 92, 1, 8, IS, IS. All the Philistines, was blind and did not see what a tre- (Laughter.] But he never voted against the orgaolza- baatoiM aet down for the 12th aad 19th of tbii month mendous piece of work-he was doing; so tbeie Demo- tioL of tenltoiies as a whole. He proceeded to argueNo*. 2S, 28, 27, 28, 30, vDl atawl OTer to the 28lh, at lOii o'clock A. M.atwut. Samson, when he overthrew thetempleofquestion.Mr. GoocB said the record will show how he voted.:crats were blind Instruments to the hands of Provi- dencetoworkoutagoodresult,andIt afTordsanIl- lustration of tbe truth of the saying in Holy Writ,that it was the duty of Congieas to exclude Slavery toeInterestoftoecountryrequiringit.;muscle and tendon of toeunused fibres of toese muscles and tendonslived regiUarly, upon plato and digesttole food, draak no spiritous liquors, and committed no exca**e* ol any ktodto cold water, and had toeir bodies rtmghly rnbbad andehampooeddally. Thuswei*toeaemeateuaght to toe highest potot of healtoy phyMcal dsvetepmeat attatoable, and it la scarcely bacoBtlag to man who1,0 peiaona have been tried and conTlcted, or com- " that God would make tke wrath of man praise him, where toere was not three btmdred white men. He I gap. 'and said ifas toeI for trial, in Justice Coxitwxll's Court, aa fol-and the resldne thereof he would restrain." That Is just exactlv -what has been done In that Convention.If the Senator from Maine found time forcreation during the adjournment, that was different irom bis (H alb's) experience.Mr. Tooass, of Georgia, (Dem..) thought that not more than five in a hundred private bills could be aalBtatoed on any ktod of principle.contended toat all Goveramento derive toeir domg so,toey would,assault and battery, 80from toe consent of toe governed, as set lorto to toe On Dr. wasre- Declaration of Independence. HI* colleague (Goooa) ground. retirtog, Cbuvbb applaudedTax Bailboap Isnr«CTion. ^The argument on withdrawn, and the Deficiency bill token op and toe Territories.ta* motion to prevent the Central Railroad Company passed,Mr. Tbatbb resamed, occasionally exdttog In-tense laughter by his replies to his colleague. Hewished, be said, to remove Slavery cotttentioa fromCongress,anddenouncedcongressionaltoterventionas a oombug. On his motion toe CIdppewa Tenito- ation. Our Government, patched as it was like an cigar-makers sustato toe employees of Tbob. G. Lit- which is offered to otoer men In toe oeisona of prlae- nal bill was tabled.Sxeestive sesstoa. Adjourned till Monday. BOUSE,0FREPRESENTATIVES.Board oi Sotisviborb.—A meeting ol the the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported the Sen- ant at toe Washtogton Navy-yard, tovtttog toe mem-fteai ranning cars through Fnrman-street, took jaatoiiiayintheSupremeCourt—SpecialTerm—be- iaaa Justice ScHaseHiM. The points were submitted by coansel, and a decision will be axade at an earlyBoard of Snperrisors was held last CTening, but aa taataeaa of general interest was transacted.Tke SiredenborBiaa Societies. AXrUAL KIF0BT8 AND ASDBISS.bers of the House to witoess on Monday -the recep- ate bill, which was passed, provldtogfor toe earrytog tion of the Japanese Embassy.ments were so obtatoed. HabeoM to corpusEngland And to-speeches, which were loudly applauded, toe meettogkadyafChilatlaaa. Mr. T. Hrchoocx, Secretary of taa Board of Managers of the first-named Society,Mr. Gxo'*', of Feantylvanla, (Rep.,) moved, bat toe Houae retosed, to resolve itself toto a Committee on Territorial Bustoesa.Willwhy."placeof toe todividaals Mabib and Abias, Haibss, Poitland, Me., deUTcred tbe temporary governments, to oe called resoectively commandtog toe steamers which 1 captured at Antontiken eitoer ofthem, Indicted toemrequested"e*"?*' kr.adeaimiMta^j*9pc** 9Mtimulthne,aadexpressingencouragemeniwiththeLasthi. works and Ka.eonllnaed his remarks at leogth, iracUi., thebjrganizing Idaho,now known as Pike's Nevada Peak,isand talked smiltogly for some timeabout toeof hisof tbe movement from Itstoem entirely unworthy of notice or credence.No such conversations ever took inplace mycabtobetween myself and tooee persons, as related by toem to toe Viario de la Manna, of Havana, nor was there toe slightest approach to tosoUnce on toe part of eitoertbe Court of Deato, at toe Cooper InsUtote. Therealso himself for havtog f»iled te mast SAvaaa excuaedupon his hearers tno dutyArizona and Dacotah. He,friendly tween two man withoat agladisterlslincepUon to theasBSgt It preaeaW. A resoluuon or thanks for his able lles, at a saving ot $100,00U.bankrupt.might t)e Imprisoned long enough to destroy his our City.at a •"'^"'°"'previously, Then toey steppTe^d?*"b*a^ck^Tt"oaad aapraarlato addreas wns tendered the Rev, gea-would be afforded by these settlements would be farpractire.It was a lasso to t>e thrown around—VES8BL Bcbsbd. Tho ship Pkenix, of New-"twomonflis madeatOwxi.8w.rr4IMinaa al If* rnrmil-n The address was fullowed;surveyedto-ruorrow.patty wtth the colored peraon* iaaprisoDed in Pftlla- Btand ilie matter differenUy. He would consult bisland saw of one man, was Chablkb i ,Educated in Kansas, he had looked Into the eyes of FlBnm's Pabade.—The Hudson Fire Depart.«tol<>al s forpaitlcipatlng ia tlMrecent to res- !L^"-c'V;""!l*'"' '" <:"n<lucUng the bustoesa wito prompted by my sympathy for toeir unhappy condi-oaa fugitive 43 slaves,n "Uon, which it seems toey did not deserve, as theyiuay BsotTH, and be felt thatspiritual eye*, had come for bim to gatoarment paraded on 1 eventog, to receive Eaglepersons, gatesad to ShflaJi Church lastamendment, «hi<-h Mr. Gaow con«uted shtmidtoe time nation's harvestto remember the actn^ 1 purpoie of theside—- That's rleht """•,of toat distinguished personage,A sentry was placed over bis cabto door, and all to-teri-ourse foibldden wlto its Inmates, and toe officersmeet expected "dwuprayer,Territories to elect all their orgdniiea Sictrs.peoplewhere they were receivwl by toe Fire DePH'th^e'f'ifl^''coSi'n*-meeting.wbich counsel fees ardex- panaa* of the ata* colored men now under In llctment for att*«»pUng to rescue a fugitive slave. Tne otherNaya, 73.Gcd us texts. He us John BaowB, and now he hagsivgeisven us TbaddigcasvHetar.Mr. Pbiuu>b retired amid loud applaos*.Wh. Lltos Gabbisob was railed upon to apeakwhteh ItSn ^ved, Sny. cheers and a blaze ofwaa to lataa Aiada topay the102The voto to deteil was as follows:TsAa-MeMT*.Anderson of Missouri, Aaderson of Kentuckv.Anhmore.toughed, wito an expresalon which aald,no use going on with such chlld^ plavt* o'clock last evening the toen, when tbiu off his guard,apaaierallmiHd tteauetvt'su. a generalcommsndlDg toattbe werewhile contribution boxes paniBc tkroigfa EOBBMT.-About lljattemptfive of them white,which the House has,Mr. Kxjxouo, of Ullnols, (Reu.,) oroDOSed athere horaday York todicatedevening.toesheaf of aataaa wera opened withdaityarad bjr fiev. II. M. Gaustt and —rdfwhoai,liowever,waatbeonlyonewhoseemed CriesfromtoeDemocraticpeeoed now tbat the should stand by him. wito toeir new carriage. The companies Wrned out an ugly customer. From toe start Satsss attemptedothers,the for-Mr. TuiisB moi efl toiable the ld*ho bill.who boarded toe Gerurai Jfu-omon, toe toeft of hismau wereto large numbera u>d went to Hoboken,to fatigue Hxssab by taeffiBctoal sparrtog, and oflan'The exer-toto his bosom. It This was toe greatest Anti-Slavery meeting of thedecided to reponbills, providing tor as many newpublicationsfiveChippewa, Nevada, Idaho,one triedthemonthesecondand ontoe was a sort ofhadcreatedbefoieband. IttheyClaxx,younotvoteagainstman tor In - conttouation, heto the Com-May.that the Senate was justified to ite recent gdateaeeinthatbtaldIaoTdarPotildSonThreat. greatpomp,andconductedtotheirquartersunder subject. Insteadofoverslaugliingalltoesebills,he assumptiondangerousult,nrwiththegteateataatlifactloli. PeHowaaCir-caaa wittoot axeaoUon, thay ham baaa em-la the of the President to intenttonAccept my thanks for the tovitatlon wito which yoa havehonoredme,andbelieveme,mydearSir,ialto-ILIWa oiaotder ahonld loae no tiaw in pro-desiredtoattoeyshouldbecalmlyconsideied. Mr..^AaxssAi.a, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) was wiltingfnlly yonri,CBARLSSBUMNSB.TBB GKBAT PKIZB FIGBV.Pbvobiia>cb8 ai Bawium's To-dat— Sm, ta addlskm to the tagnlar aitemoon and erenlngnecessityfortoeorganizationofaomany. Mr,8AHUII,B,Siwiix,ofBoston,counselforMr. followed,propostogthattoedoesofregularmemberspublic positions. Mr. GoocB, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) commented Htatt, was tbe first speaker totrodueed. He said Mr. tie tocreased $1 per ;ear. Tills resulted to a long ERRORS OF THX KNSUBH FIE8BEach of tbe five Territorial bUli tabled to-day in on toe coarse of his colleague, (Mr. TBATxa,) under Hyatt bad not been imprisoned for any violent con- and spirited debate to toe course of which It becamethe House contained an Anti-Slavery proviso. This whose lead toe Demorratic side of toe House voted tempt cf the Senate, of which contemptible body he evldenttbat tbe friendsand opponente of tbe measure A BeTlew af Ike tmtti Camkax—AJall the JnTaaila Matlnie, with a reduced Saaafadmlaaonforealldren,take*placetbi*mom- grades,Americans,andafewRepublicans.Tralu af tke Seeatconfirmed the Sen- byit£ favor andPbipabibo fob TBI Japabise.lost. There bad been a deal of Government for all toe greattoe dam, despentog toe chaimel, buying water righte held by certato parties, and purchastog land on eitherbeen entirelygood done by sdjoumlng over from time to ilme andour nature. The object of their/IP letolkk NEW-TORR, SATURDAY, MAT 13, i860.•' •. »• ••J ;AN EDI^ DAY IW THE SENATE. Martin of Ohio, Ksyaard, Weilucen. Miles, yaillson, Mcntgoatery. Moore of Xentacky, Woore of Alabams, Morris of PennsjIvaaU, Morris (^Illinois. Nib- lock, WixoB. Peodleion. Pes P<NrstjeEro,nP.ryor,PhUIipa WUHbbi Ueyd Garriaaa.pcapl* -was earrotitad, aad, thsieiiBre, tbe wfeoleThe large room of the)(«.MB«wn7. The Territorial Billi Killed la the Home. ScLwartx, Beraaton Pimma, Singleton. Smith ot Peon- densely crowded last night by a mod respectabl* toere ; it waa sot DeBocraUc vote* alone tkat seatton, Phelps,Pugtt. Quarles, kaagaa, Rigg, Robinson of IllUiois.Rnat,Cooperaudience, to llatoa to speeches by Rev. Dr. Cbbxvbb,Wbbsiu Parumwas not toe votes of Slavebolder* whteh «mt htmsylvania. Smith of Norto Carollha. Stevenwa, Stakes, Stout, Stratton. Taylo.. Thayer, Thomai, pnaerwood, Vallandigham, Vance, Whitely, Winslow a£< ITright—toat Senator Sumii, attbongh ha voted Bambam. Carey, Cl»kl refostog to testify before toe Senate to relation to th* white Senator Sbwabb, who akulked oat of the hooaaBoniingKats—Messrs. Adams of MaasachusetuyAldrlch, Al- ley, Babbitt, Bingbam. Blair, Brayton. Sufflnton,done,B, Cochraae Cotiax, Conkltog, Curtis, Dawes, Delano,Onell. Iliot. Kawards. Edgerton, Kly, FeatoD, Foster,Frask, Frenefa, uoooh, Orow. Heimiek, Hutchins,Iivlne, Jniikin, Kellogg of Micbigaa, Kellogg ofIlUcois, Leach of Michigan, Loomis, Csvrjoy, Harstan,Harper's FerryDr. BaBBT A. Babs was unanimouaiy elected Chair.had not bcaa heardtaken, agatostSedgwick,StontoD, Tappan. Tompkins, Train, Vandever, Verree,himtodowito tremendous applause, and theprivilegedffeu llinManil nf oar cnatooers, embracing tliemoat Preatdeat,—a good deal more dlplomatle and leaa bIuSraidie,, Illinois. Wssbbume, Matoe, Wells, Wilson, to express sympathy wito a man who was entttied to thanked her for her proffered cooperation. Inscpoenatkienr-at and respeetabla drvf (lata In tlua coontrr, explicit than the one we publiihed the other iAj. It la Ike aharactar o( oar ImDOitatloDa.waldran, Waltnn, Washburn, Wisconsin. Wash- Wood, Woadson-^73.uaUoB he said be coveted tbe position of Tbabbus Htar, and wished himself to his place.Rev. Dabisl Wobth, late of Souto Carolina, was nextcalled,andsaidtbatfoarweekaagotiehad made up hi* mind to spend the rematoder of his life to a dtingeon, for he toen saw no means of escape wblch he was willtog to accept In speaktog of toe Judge who lamed four warrants for hi* anast he saia toat to toe list of toose who favored the dreuU- tion of HiiFXB's book, he found toe name of Eownt D. MoxoAB, of New-York, and straightway he drew a warrant for him, saytog at toe time toat he would send it to CSov. Mobsab, and have toe man arrested.Willi MIit, and prayed toat Mr. Btait might be strengthened to endure all timt la aecesaary to his success as a de-Iaef4«rto laame coiaMara pare Hqooia la aeoa- wai dated Baltimore, May 9, ito, and read aa MlandeoDTeBleatform,weeomMenoedtheentar- follow*:andnaMyr.Gaow abillto v for tem- fenderoltoerightoofconadence.WASBUiaToa, Friday, May 11.Mr. Branob, Of North Carolina, (Sem.,) from A communication wa* received from toe Command-oldEnglishmansionremodeledhaditeorigtowhen TLB,UBtUbeshouldgranttheirdemands,andprevailtoe people had been roused to entoudasm by a great upon otoers oftoe craft not to work for him. This fighters. HxiBAB, to particular, when ha sttlppad (orindividual outrage. All toe best thing! to all Govern- was unanimously carried, and after a number of toe fight, offered an example ot moatnilar deralop.LIzardo.Tbe contradlcUnns contained in their protests, dep-ositions before the Courts of New-Orleans, and ofB- teachings Ij, their lives. cut off from Utob, and Arizona from New- Mexico. cial letters published to the papers of Havana, showTestimonial," andenmi- shookhands,» '«« ciiculation o(agogueChamber, If toe prlndplronIt will be remembered that this toe last day of the exhibition of toe great picture ofweather Hbbbabhad been given (ouoder of their sect,caused a map to be exhibited, toe geograph- showingical area ol each, and explalaed toe uecesslty of or-of personal ty. WhentheyenteredtoertogthsyThe probability w as that CungresB would pass a blU for toe overland mall passing through these Terrlto-Tne which protectionprevail,nobodybetter for toe Government toau aa army and fortsthenecksof ofus, 'The whichbe(toe any argumenteach otheradvanced to commence toe fight, thar-andHhiiell was securing safely, toe mails wouldtbe proceedings with eicellent music, and shield the emigraote from Indian depredations. He of them. Had toere been, I should simply have rungspeaker) wished to set before the country, was thisYork, bound toLondon,wastotally destroyed by firecur^oa^.fey an gatbem fi«m the choir, who had altead; imer-:apeiaedthe exercises were ciosad with the benediction.toat we were not in danger of Executive usurpation on the 28to January, to Melbourne Bay. The ;PkenixMountains andtaken up tillIn parsuacce of the call for the meeting of eym- Mr. Gai^w rtpiieil that everybody seemed to tmder-wasnotwatehed,becausenobodyrespectedbad only interfered with one man now. One manSyMpolby witk the PUladelphia Res- cuer*.the the Dacotah, Reekyit.TheyCbubcb ot TBI Pdritaot—Rev.Dakielsalo Dacuiau will tocluJe all toe territory west of Minuesou, and Chippewa, the country lytog betweenbut we were to danger of Legislative totcrference, which ACape Elizabeth, In 1854, ISM rated tons,Nebraska ;] J4, and owned by C. Cabow 4 Co., of New-York.^gam ^o'ok smileonaijd-M|Atoe BJi^^h posa- sslnns.HxBua,then waa*from what A BMALI, OATHSSiaO I> SBILOB CBCRCH. took plate }estetOay that toese bills would not beJobb Habpokh was only one man to England. to-morrow abeen detected and arrested toeir own came toe battle of Naseby, and the next that Eng- preach avantog to tbe Church of toe Puri- now generalMr. CtASK, of!Then Wobth,recntiyimprlaonedtoNortoCarolina,wlU atandlngtoefeeltog of hostilityideiiwitogeeSMrifien moved Uirough dispersed at a late hour.toe ^pr^t^oc^l•pa^l1s^tr'e'et^s'a°n:dMisKourl, (Dem..) expectedwas bumble, obsequious and servile, as was natural,Intiuited hitn.snd his toat had openedcould not appreciate It.and addresses were leceived, aothonzii.g the people of the orginlied The disorderly conduct of toe martoes and sailorsAdams ofKentucky, Adraln. All.?n,,,,,_.detachment knew too well toeir ahjurgnting Bsrkidale, Barr. BarreU. Bophim. Bnj(<«, Brabson. ilnty to have permitted anything of toe sori; nor did• .i,.The above affords a fair indication of the vote on the Nevada bill.(Hr. floor Mismsouvreid, toLiverpoolatnoonenth*at Qneenstown on toe 29a ulttae, anlead here at S o'clock yeaterday momtog. An eattiae aftogether. floor.Be waaopposedto thisbargainingout theMr. GxowittwMa to elect all their own ctfNi*. He movedcondaded,toead-(<thaitta bill1 wttodrawMr. BocBTOa-1 don't witbdraw mine.soaae applause.mentwasreoeifedwito great applaaae,andtoetet-Persia,LivcrpooLtoe Missouri River for toethe amendment of Mr. Kauooo,of Missouri—Didpower,a could newly-created crime,imp(»tantmymotfon.evening tbe discussion on the subject of tocreastogernments for Arizona and provide tempoornarmyotgioovn- Dacotah, which,room at Cllntoa HaU. The Chair was occupied by : It will not be to my power M be pres- Gxo. W. BiinrT, Esq., who filled it on Tuesday evan-qusstionhadbeen totroduced to connection with thismilitaryeacort. Ithave a formal toterview on Wednesday to the pre-sence of the Cabtoet and others holdtog prominent to organize Arizona wlto a fair bill, but he saw no EnGAfe KxTCBUK, Esq.Mr. Claxx, of Missouri—That does not answer th*JoBB BaowN to Heaven, could be beard through the grated windows of his cell. The readtog of tbe ex- tract was received with great applause. Dr. Chexvixreferred to Mr. Hyar as anotoer tostance of a man who had received toto ills own t>o8om a sheato of arrows, tons malting a gap in tbe Itoe of tbe ene- mies of his country torough which its friends mightItwsspostponedtill yesterday,andagatofromyes- terday to toe first day toe Commlsslonera meet to- getoer.toey swung over their head* donlk-ofunheard weight, andn tU BUtmrIt may excite surprise tbat I should notice anythe The fight Iteelf inspired none of toe horror nor thethe bell for my orderly and directed lilm to remove toem from my cabin.Their deportmeat was respectful to toe extreme. Ittoe Executive was hated and weak watched,;having by and rashness in such an enterprise.and k!*' graeefnto***nffollyIt Is true toat I offered toem refresliments, a clvtiltywith his head off. This one man to-day, Thaddios Htar, repre- sents the very Gibraltar of American cldzeoahip.tans, at 7;i o'clock.dovelopmenU, toe activitymovements, snd toe boyish good natare wttosrtick' he seemed to go toto toe " miU." At tlie aama time" wateh,&canniversaries. The negro and toecomplained of by toe Admiral, are alike The motion was decided In the affirmaUve. Vea« dtstituie ol truto, and toe product of toe fertile bratoHixbab, growtog to fact tired of that sort of tiling, let received smid his arms drop by lite side, drewUiBself vo;secondly,retired,toe ChainnaA to-by him, and furtoer, tost he furnished prepared material to toe hands, whichyea theyleltltngwhich had lad to theiaipriaonmentof TbasdbitiMk,result was produced by a union of DemocraU of all to lay these bills en toe table. There were two ideas might well have expressed toat (eeltog to toe were pretty equally divided as to numbers, and theone, by Congress,Mr. Tbadmm Htait, of this City, now to priaoa forandfor It had atoca deaonnced it a* onjiut,man,and Mr. Ouvn JobbsobSecretary. Tlie pro-PUB. THE IRTEKNATlONiL PEIZI-Rin. Finutial tnd Commtreial Iitten.The Boyal MaU ateamahip Asia, Capt. hamMeKean, McKnlght, Mil'Ward. Moorebead, Horrel, ceedtoga wera commenced wlto Rev. told toespeaker he ought to ram one of JoBi Biowa'iHorse. Falm>r, Pettit, Potter, Potter, Rice, Robtosoa« prayer byprevalenternedries should be left open to Squatter Sovereignty. was caused by toe act of Mr. Uasos, toe autoor of the clared to Those who voted to table the bills had declared for Fugitive Slave law. He toen recapitolatea toe pro-the latier. The people of toe Territoriea proposed tobe orgsnlzed were living under mob law, and havepolicyfconttoued to argue agatost toe consUtottoiul right ol noon,;gov- toattheTerrito-aconstitutional vote—142 de- by havingno right to constitute courts and otoer means of legalentertatotngI have a laat word to about the aaygreat Fiiia-(Dem.,) wished to know whetoer toere were any people In Chippewa.Kngllsh ChasfliB. tify l>efore toe Committee, and tovelghed against or rather toeir jotot special Committee have, and The excitement wblch exlsti to »"i'*b^. aat 9mMiasouri,Jr.. Mr. Tbasbxub Sabbobb,Hyatt,andotoers, totes-visit tohave held threeI'aapaiiar to aa(y era* offered before, will bel-evn-eatmaaafaetarlBgd«p«t,reaaondto Senatetookuptheprivatecalendar,andseveral Mx.Pbbipssaidtolawasabilltoestablishtoe toeSenatetoImprisonMr.Htatt,whiletoeaudience dermanStabbbetogtheonlymemberoftoeCommit-policy providing Territories of tlie UnitedStates,Mr. KiiTT, of Souto Caroltoa, (Dem.)—Will youvote toe Wilmot Proviso out ?Mr. Phxlfs—The gentleman from Massachusettstog of a piece of red flannel. (Applause.) In resistingthe Senate, and to asserting his right of fconscience,herald, Mr. Htar was as were Shadrach, Meshechand Abecnego, who were cast Into toe fiery furnace side for roadways to the bridge. The last Legisla- three toings—endurance, great moblUty of theopinion personsa decided forpreference hearing Mr. tee who was not to attendance. An injudicious out- ntogtoend.waa that there.I watshedWhen he hal coAiladed, Dr. Csixvbb, of New- sider, who had no bustoesa inside toe chamber, gle as calmly as any man could wateh a aeaaaafflvof toe to toeCommittee to— toeThe CommonFroB Obt Own OerT**pMsd*M.Pabis, Monday, Aprfl 3*, IgM.proeeedtogs.Htar, and totrodueed toe Secretary, who read a ae-ries of resoltitions, commendtog toe conduct of Mr.Btatt, and danonnctog toe'so-called assamptlon ofpower on toe part of the Senate, not to eonscmance wito Republican tosUtutions, as th* party maktog toeof its and ol^e amoimt of When Mr. Wobtb had^touchedcharge judgedof miBoU, allowing the aa^le of toa organized Ter- punishment. Tbey also denounced the act of toe joomed.meetingMr.C"hiiattaa' faaliUi and not to be spoken of to otoerSenate,toHiar,Laf-taMgnation. Thereaolottonswerere-ceedingsrelationtoose whoin brief toe attempte to enforce Johb Bjowb,refused to In because toey speakaccordenca withture agato appropriated $50,000, one quarter of which is to t>e afsessed upen Wesccheater County and the balance upon New-York, to conttoue and complete|9C,000,The same he claimed, toat could punish Mr. Htar for:as he now was, he would not answer eventoenCiGAB-ifAKiRS OK A Stbikx.—published to toe newspapers, assembled atKiBo's body,totriumph,his audience tofill uptheurgedLord Uked, powers tbere should not one hair of his head faU to thepublic house to Centre-street, near Grand, to sustatoa strike of toe of Tbos. G. Lim,*. A. employesSiBBOBS was to toe Chair, and stated toe object of toe meettog. He remarked that Mr. Lirlb was to toe habit of reprimanding a workman, not before men, bul to toe presence of lltUe cUldrem em-they;to toe reign of Cbablxs II. was an instance.out of toe stipulations of the Convention wlto Para- Mr. CoUAX, of Indiana, (Rep.,) trusted that bustoess night, said Mr. Pbixups, we stand here wito an indi- hlage of workmen called to sostato a strike, which see. He U without doubt the finest physical maa ftatwould not be toterrupted by adjourning over merely guay. The bill provides for toe appototo^nt of a to witness toe landing of an Embassy.Commissioner for $1,600, for service to full, to act to Mr. Bkascb regarded it as a great event m toe com- mercial if not to toe pelitical history of toe country,vidual, impersonattog a prtoclple, and if we were had been held duitog toe seaaon.equal to our ancestors, we should not be here. We Tbb Arhy Midicai, Boasd.—^This body is nowever entered toe prize-ring to either eoontiy. Hli^ne tenth anniTeraary of the American Sweden- conjunction with toe Paraguay Commissioner, who and hence kaag Printing and Pobllshisg Society, and the third has been here for several montosto tovestlgateand- servedhave down to te deliver tilm. gone Wasblngtonholdup its maettogs dally at toe Astor House, for the deltoid, scapularexamination of candidates for admission to the out wito toe eye as clearly as if dlveated of their teg-ml taa Aaaitoaa New Church Aaaoclation, a slstor or-thoughtill afford to lose the time. RiverandHarborbill.properlyget upob-toeWhen Jcbb Haufcih was thrown into prison, toegentlemen af his county went to London to see about United States Army, and for the promotion ofumentary covettogs ; toe muscles ol his arm and fore-,tobePrevision is also made for an umpire, if one is aecea-warejointlyeelebratadThnradayeranlng l but elegant church edifice in Thlrty-Sfth-C. A. There are some twenty appU-pany , balODgtag to this still comparatlTely unknown sary.Interpreterpaid$1,000.andaacante, bat as yet toere are no vacancies. Those who neck was strong and firmly set on his shoulders, aaA.wtadjnst toe claims of toe Paraguay Navigation Com-He wanted toto our ears:"And must Trelawnoy die ?And must Trelawney die ?Then forty thousand Cornish boysSurgeons Boardconsistsoffourmentoers. Surgeonarm c*nld b* traced wito toe same facility :his skin;waaas as whltp,asmartds hla ;tbe and SecretaryFib-Pa a synopsis of Itonay bad sold 1,892 Tolumes of Sncanoao's wrl-ItaM the proceeds of which amount to tl,Cr73 3S ;aaa Ik* leealpts from dues and donations lucreaaeMs MBS In $731. Althousk the operations of theaelaty salgat appear to be inilgnlficaat the members Mr. Tbatsx, of Maasachusette, (Rep.,) moved toat Tke Captare af the Ameiiean Steamera at waraaotiuaeoaiaged, as the result of their labsrswaa to ba looked lorYankeethrift,fortythousandNew-Yorkboyswould examtoations andmoral enter ofaHerculesUterary qualifications what would be called ;—Uaduring the past year.Ker. Mr. Basxsr npofce briefly of what had l>een aeeompUabed by the New Ckurch Association duringMr. Cox. o' Ohio, (Dem.,) was pensive Japanese humbug.to this ex-have known why TBAnnius Htar was imprisoned. into the estimate of a candidate, as well as acquire- very largeThe only value of a government Is toe protection it ments In the medical sciences. This system of ex- weight mdicate suffictent^ indeed that ka 1*tte three of yearsdoiagsopposedu the future rather than thewhen awss arraigned (or an act agatost the Realm, was un-waa to of the wri- tlBgsofttae great Seer, and the speaker asked for itiiaorganizatum. pabUsh treatises and traetaItsTTbitxd Statxs Sbtf Sabatooa, )object explanatoryA called montluy periodical,piiblliBed Dy the Society, and atOvp VsaAtU New- York Tautie«0.though toe Federsl Courte could not have todlctedthis charming theatre, and tbe leading partsare be sUn, and much toe sam* form of face, bairiag to*toHe toen reported from the Committee on Territo- ries a bill to provide for toe temporary government for Idaho, and moved toat it be recommitted.Pendtog the queaUon to accept the tovitoUon, toe House adjourned.Satbbs also U a fine phyaieal warnhe has more symmetry, parkapa I ooight to laj mumtoe bill be ubied.Mr. Glow—You have not the floor to make toesion of " toe Aye," required bydelightful at toe Wtoter:^If tiiat emlaaat atataaaaa wlB-toe assimilation .toe same atae, tha (amedarkmotion.Mr. TBAvas—The motion is always In order.Mr. Gaow—Not when anotoer genUeman occupiesfloor.Tbi Spiakii decided toat Mr. Gaow was entitled tomake his remarks.Mr. Gaow said tbe Committee on Territories had— recalled 'Tom CoawratoeCbds, April 2S, :)Hr. or Mr. Mr. Rows, Sab^obb,If said HtAR, toeyand Mme. Lacxiri, We battered and toe cieatricea. That Is to filled by M. IBIQUIT himself nose,Hr. Hoasis, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) said tbat toe reception would be most Interesttog. and it was due that tbe Legislative should nnite with toe Executive branch of toe (^oremmentto do honor to toe Embassy who have given our country toe preference lor avlslt,pure,Term Cras.rAUzaooDS or tbb oyncEis—Lirm rsox capt. tcrbib.law,personshould have thrown ourselves toto the rallcars, andand mnselea could be baead pectoralthe day should beMr. WABBBuaHB, of Dlinols, (Rep.,) said they could it. And tbe old Cornish ballad might rtog oppositely Assistantas anpunish any1oelveda letter from Hon. Cbabibb Sdhbbb. "The annoimce- toe annua] dues of toe members of toe Mercantile:On toe 8to Inst, lat 42°, ion. j if, paaaad Ottfto ha ito ra»-SniATi Cbabbbb, May », I86i. ent at toe propcted meeting to New-Tork to protestHalt, bound Eaat Same day, at 10 A. M^ mm aconttoually crossing BnconsUtnllonal and as toe of tyrannicalamend the to toe effect that toe by-lawstolagiafk,atl;snt assumption of toe Senate seems aswhich time the consideration of toe matter tohence forknow the ressonIf EnglUh pluck had not been eaten out of us by wHl be called on to fill toe first vacancies. In these"aye" teper's Ferry ginia might bayehismeet"ing respectablegentlemanontoettironeI'oradit#dem- toathisnamewasusedwitoouthisautoority.say,whetoer or sent a rifle toerehad Har- been atyetday, hung toemwas then tne merchant safe ;whiteipcain^ite in one danger. We preach sermons, but and aaoortad to toe ferry tesometime* tiy to get to a tatow, a«l Jt Branch. Brigga, Bfistow. Burch, Burnet, Clark of Mis- tbe At'miral ever complain before leavtog here of toe audience. He hoped toey woahl contrtbnte gen- house of SABUXL PiBBSOB.No. 171 Gr*nd-atn»t,Jer. was beauUfol to* Xlka R«souri. Ctopton Cobb. John Cochrane, Coooer, Cox, any of these ontragesor haiiAIpa, fabricated for the erously, es toe money would go towaida publishtog entered by hall thieves, and two heavy to aee UghtalacCawford, i'avlsof iD-iiana. D«»rnetie, English, Bth- purpose ot producing an eftct npon pubUc opinion. and sendtog broadcast through toe land, th* proceed aev Cltv wasditto stoten. Al pldlty wlto which Hixbab would flirow Uaaaelfertitge, reT.ry,_ florenee, Cternaii, GsFtr.li. Gil- mer' Ourlfy, Hamilton, Barian, Harris of VirgloU,,1am, very reejipietfUly^our obed't servant,togs of toe meettog to pamphlet form. They had overeo/tli and two tight SpringpoeiUonagatoand shyTo^|msulen orai WgP, TURNER,Commandrbeen talUng of sendtog men to Washington to Uhe.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069uaual, no clue to thieves. intoUne.titled DocumentwjfhImx—acoatest be-thenmigbt be arrested by the Senate, and kept imorlsanedlong enough to make him A lawyer are few exhibiUoBS of equal attractiveness offend toand toe efforte of toe poUce to stop toe fight.alor Ma*ob wasfaiat Be mnat not hava them make B—Newstbe 8afloK> Hom ii tHi^the ta tola eaae, for Tbabbbo* HrafT waaEuropeanThreei)a^^..||i||r '.1 5*blm for toere,Republican* vot*d to *eBd him R«|rabll- and otoers, sympathizing wlto esaa were beeomtog Mbamed of what they hadtoetbere. Be was glad to see toat some of toeallCouncUaretotentonbassadors whentoose who were to try toe right of Mr. Htar to re- held toem to private too, (no toquistttve reporters ad- discussion which ha* already i fuse to testify, for reurtog from toe chamber whileYork, was totrodueed, amidapplause,ese language, intendtog to get ahead of hisAlder-outrage which should be resisted by revolution. He re-andwaiBed Ua aadlence not to permit toe adoption of bad precadenta toat were established to bad times. Allsuchprecadento,hasaid,shouldbebamedbytheof four men was appototed to supartotend toe remo- had,tothe ofiier day. It fact, none of the eharactar of an aadiaaqran in to he had created juiy posterity. Nothtog, said,000 wasand toewho, hy Uvtogpeo-tender toem toe hospitalities of toe City. ANewBbidoxotbbthxHaklbhBivm.—At ordtoaryflghtewe he had,ment ofdenied toe right of any 6orernment(to do a wrong, toe meettog of toe Legislature of 1858, a Commissiontois Thav arranged to stari for toat purpose on TuesdayJapuiese New-YSkraiter'-» ' I ';"> Hlf.»v»»»3Vl»tocreased,necessity increastogrise te a long discussion, and resulted to not passtog —tbeprevailingexpressionevtoctogawantoffaith toesameportatanearlyhoaronthe38th. Intoeabilityvfanycommitteetoharmonizetheex-tremely confllcttog sentiments on tbe subject, and adesire to arrive at a decision then, A motion-LI —WITH A SOPPLEMENTison, and command of temperwlilcb Is to be assessed at toe rate of one- third upon men. To accompUah tltis toey walked and raathay fought avery tbe bsild the bridge, piers and abutmenta. The bids were day for hours wlto hard and hidomltabte aaad bag*,to be opened on Thursday afternoon, but inconse- and boxed and wraaUed wlto toeir coainda* aad quence of toe absence of one of toe (Jommlsslonersvariety of viiriaitseveral hundred cigar-makers, to response to a call to give strengto and rapidity of movemeat las _,,adjourned.protiablywas built atTills wasthe aasem- ment it waa well worth a trip acroas the rksaaal ta largestshould afford to toe humblest as well as toe greatest amtoations wa* first established by <>en. Jaokbok.todlvldual. On American soil, at least, no Judge, nor The session will continue for two weeks or more, butlaw-maker either, should have power to commit any no new application can now be considered.man for alleged contempt, la England, toe confes- Tbk Pbihcb Tbiatei.—a entertain- rotundity, to bis muscular developmentokalment Is offered thisderstood te be never used against him, even on his to tqe benefit of M. laiqcST, to all lovers of the besttrial. Nor was it to be so in the United French Drama. Balzac's keen and subtie comedy ofStates. Only tbere was this difference, that Uercadet, the " clever speculator," is to be played to pardonof five years' standtog. Thepres- and is not on toe Cemmlttee wltodisgustimagination^LasteveningpolishedLXT is President of it.come nearest to the rigid requiremente of the Board bis head smaU. Buthlsdevelopmante wetanott;eventogGarden,tomurmur of admlraUon at hta haaJaias*'was a somethtog to Ids small gray eye witichtoat we were now witneastng the annay aideHo»e Company No. 2 on toeir return from New- of toe man, and toat behinil tois somewhere there layJeiaeT City.overgrown.;of poolv-Tliiil7herof yesterday.On toe 28to, in <ha Memy, paiaMiAlpbrtoga the rapnt, bydues of toose who did not come wllhto the (iueenatown, that toe BaUora' Hodw, sI Tli«p»^.MayI. Lat*1°, loo. 19', Cb toe 2d ln*t,latse°,loa.aS',iso a as, byaeen;afeont tt aaMlt streets,orbctweeaasealas*wa* to eflketper. —a trinity of vlrtaea essential to toe gladiator, and moat for allneitoer bis chest nor histke oatHaaa are not so distinct as an Hsxbab, and hU akla la ottv*' color. My first sight of him, aah* •iil*rad tkaitoVtundress, and toey When totvhands to a friendly way.toeir faces commenced sparrinf. Hatarttk-;ii www.fultonhistory.com 