 TIESiXOID AKBICAI BCT010TI0E C/'t) pfia*ibh*Iriw*4 uVaewty'•H?"?* toUw.ampromise, which, ipror©*».~ * ~ r ^ ^ * * w o r w - T**s~TMI nocware entrenched and established to strong to hereditar j arlBtocracy.no empire can stand, exoept a* It yte• M e t H i federal onion, or fee S w a t pnciplen of democrat***% «oa of tbe North weal am al ,r>recogniseSi's*8 "•*. -^men aa feerlere as Owen Lovejoy. AHboogb they might •11 the halla of Congreea with man who seemed to bo aaOwen, bo«*Mpy#aw the flrtootangorjtlhe . . waver and Mter—would I 1,and would thaw re- I Thoflnit sgetwypat to |slavery should be Invested with allhave toft .sUryithem svtnaire or sto stove aagleof'saw, whathas FBrliiBto^stSS **«— ••»••baa produced d mostvigorousand W^nrji--of being OTerthrownon tbecoattsofis from big speech in St. Joseph,- - j u aKniition Programmti,JEMS FROMHIS ORATIONS INTHE WEST.domainfreedom f i d ala- after &trial of only tve ochrtoitsis the fear of oommotian bare justly, antd truth-2S0W&IUB «*•»•——— -for Lincoln's Administrate'jtJttj^Hto te%i fished | k « SBSBBMatary to tare the Union from disruption. I do not dlstnuo 1° «rialocracy to the gtrrerumeat Tn which the-FaUlure ef a Satisfactory a i l Mt Mg after Territory, and region after region, with the customs-in pro- hrough, and it to bound to §Pwlicy o i tiw Slavery tjaestioi, and Necessity fir an Oppo- site Course of Contact.ry boktores of feebly reaiated conmerora, not merelyyet not long, not so long « some of you will live, hi •alongthat they will he a drag and a weight on movements instead of lending yew esstotoaoe—they got to drag to the end tbeir system of stove labor.TbeBeeieaicaidKmirttoioiAfrieuHiwiy toOu _ in All Ito Uatft IwolTfd Upoa,1Hjatt reversecfthat. Wlatocireunmcrlbeslaveryendj1•Owr•1 torbafavfi fbrrtowrhnomthatititbutanotherft »*vrrepremile omfiiet" thatcrushedhimout one KUnativeland. ***Youmaygoonvioleton tbe humble,eonfessthatittrust,not inmyon the great." Aye, aad sad ttwas to Isaid,<<SencefoithIpatmy toyman, hutistbe exilefromto- neverlearnedtoaccustomhimselfsion of slavery Into a State has beea enough always to demoralize Ito whole people, aad, strange to say, m turns them all tote apotogistesadaxisusersaadda* rendersof slavery—a principle which, Iam toconfess,batbeentberoleofactdingle Adminiatiatioa.lioa that to to-day upheaving Hungary asad liftl throneoftheAuatrknKaiserfromitop^nneto-ttfs questionthattowexpelledtbetyrantof NapteefrOto ry and drrrea him to seek refuge in the fortresaorSithe stove should sot come into oom- Isaid,"lwilltrustthesemen.My onthepoor,noton therich;Oonipawntlve Effectsof Slavery andFreettom.petsr7andsxceptieaal tettitution, oonaoedwithinthetest Batare unerringly vindicates the right and jTerritortoa." j , a * * rNomaneverrejoicedmoreoverthebirthofthe firstbornthanIrejoicedWhen I sawthefolly,themad- aees, of itbe repeal of the Missouri compromise, and of the rejection of Kansas. J raised a song of joy likethe song of Miriam when I announced that henceforth the battle wee ended. (Cheers) The battle te ended, aad the victory won: why. then, are we asked ant to with- draw from the field? For the simple reason thatft*tbe victors retire the vanquishea will come back, aad the battle Will not be won. (Cheers aad laughter.) The repuoftoan ptwhf usU complete A s e nIt clearly perceives it Daily it combineflhe needful force*. It has force ia aU the free States, aud force, in reserve at least, toterery slave State. It has the right line of poll cj—a policy of peace and moral suattoa—a no!icy of ar gument—apolicy,hotofforce,butofreason. Itleaves the subject of stafsry in the store States te tbe care and responsibility of the stove States alone, abiding by the constitution or tbe country, which makes the slave States, ob that subject, sovereign. I know that the re- publican party will succeed, because it is a positive aud anactiveparty. Itiatheonlypartytotbeoountrythat is or can be positive to its scfton. dbrahaat Lincoln rt- presentsapartywhichit resolvedthatnomoreslavesshall beimpcrttd'from Africa,orcarriedfromanysla>eStat',to thecommonsoiloftheUnitedStates.(Cheers.)I* **Thereisatimewhennationsrequirnethesettlementof subjectsofeon! Uon. Thetimeliascomeatlast.JThe slaveholdingState and free State* requtretht teUUment qf thisquarrel. IttnuUberepressed.Tltepeoplewillhaveit rtprettem Wearenottebeforeverdisputingupoaold controversies. Newsubjectsofpaliticalactionwillcome up. This contest must beput an emlti. There is only one way,andthatitinAesuccessoftherepublican party.for us, net a oucftttft of polity, but a question qf moralright and duty. In our judgment it is wroniito perpetuateby outvotes or btiotir sanction, er to extendslavery, there- forewethan maintain theissuetothelast. It cannot be amatter of conscience for a slaveholder to extend slavery.It Is only a question of merchandise. Jfea, of what said be, everraceor natianiare in our estimation men. According prefers'»w,600,000wasaverylargesum,tobe whetherslaverylavoted aporvoteddown, thenoreverprepceedtocouflsjatethis therefore,thatyondono*givetbefieldtothetiare toft free to sell. Therewas ao eon- ere and tbe antralibeforethroeec imen are ai liberty aad pre• ^ Mad his paramount object undoubtedly WM toforceMr.Lincolnintotheadoptionofthese idwoa, and compel hit administration, in the event«lthenccesa oftherepublican pirty,tomake toen thegreatfeaturesofitspolicy. Althoafh Mr.Sewardshowedhkgreattuperierityoverotter demagogues and stomp politicians, in the remarka- blefreshnesawhichbemanagedtoimparttoallhisIn his great speech at fit. Paul on the J Jt$ of September,Ah'.SewardrepresentstheEiderVjfthe universe as taking part in this infepresBiblf) con- flict, on(theaideoftheabolitionists,andsaysHfCertainly,sincewecanlaysolittleclaimtoufing prcduccdtheseresultsbyourownwork,orwistoaf*or virtue,whatcouldithavebeenbutthatover:which, by ito higher tow, controls event willsormen,andwhichmeansthatthisshall forthandforever,asitwasestablishedInthe atend,notofalavery,bntalandoffreedom.speechesandalthougheachoneofthemmightgiona to the Old World, to produce ootton and sugar volanIfwefoundyeatealatadaadseparatecommunities, dtetmct from oureejves, we stul should be obliged to re- '""~"st,asIttenectarsrythatKaisas joiceiaeachevidencesofprosperitysadgrowiaggreat- of the West should reeatvo them ness. How much more gratifying it te for us toned, to 11 la neoeanary that tab exiles of everything that we ass aad near, abundtai evideacet because U involves a oBesiton cf justice, of conscience. It it Earene should have i place where they might be "per- Uat we are, after all. not separate and dtetiact peoples-Fourth, the delusive and abanad character of all threats and fears in regard to the perpetuity of the Union or the secession of Southern Stats. Fifth, the manifest destiny of the republic to ab- sorb all contiguous territory o n thfe continent; and sixth, t h e transfer o f political power from the s e a : board and Middle States to )Uie new Suites of the greatWest. Allthroughhispoliticalharangue, from, the lakes to tbe head waters of the Missis- sippi, these spec ilati MIS formed the leading topics. Much as his «peeches varied, little as he detlt in repetitions, fresh and original a s all appeared to be, he never lost sight ot these prominent ideas of his mind, b u t presented them in some shape o r Other o n alt occasions. S o , analyzing these*West- ern speeches of Wni. E . Seward, is is worth whilethat has been gained may be lost.care and protection as the weak everywhere may re- In a speech which he made te the Widewas wine. I do not controvert it. 1only monrn the oocartbe grant problem: Is there any dangar thetto <ofever did happen, in wbteh thewtoto» hyfr^todof slavery. The Moeasary ooosequence to that there Is no slave State in ahich a ballot to open for freedom, or where a free man is allowed to safety to caitsoch a ballot. If only one sine la allowed to vote m a State it is very easy to see that that side must prevail. (Laughter.) All the slave Btutas appear thus to be In favor oT slavery,- andthantftaptoUyenthairepublicanismissectional. After the passage o f the Kansas Nebraska bid in 1854,WBtobere a ^^Titmmwand than that from whichfled in foreign toads.TaaPawT^to,thatintheTerritories< ' to) awn has a right I^"•.e^atlMTIB IRBEP*BSSIBLE CONFLICT. ovgaa. wa H W M W ^ ^ I W . ^^^^^ ^r^ divergent pie to «l»very were now te < ^ ^ e AWcanhat every man ought to be, „ _ , - cultivates, aad the owner of In Clevelaad i d said:to make extracts from them, and to enable our on tbe principle of the Northern democratic faction that readers t o understand a n d appreciate thoroughly slavery is indifferent and unworthy of federaLprotectioa. which ia iBSufflcieJent in the South, while the nationalKnowledge, :.ion and Independence among the members of social state are the chief elementsorIn BL I he said:— 44. So it must be oa tbe condition, pare and simple, that What M i wants is courage, resoluttofi, spirit, Abraham Ltocoto shall be elected Presilent of tbe Unitedtbe new policy into whieh this country is to be forced if the black republican party are to have the control of tbe hehe for the next four-years.And firstastoT B I IKKKr*H*STBl.« CONFLICT.Oar renders do not need te be reminded that this dogma of William H. Seward's was first enunci- ated at Boc.heater in the summer of 1859. Since then the origin of the phrase La-- been variouslymind hat actually passed tar beyond both of these prln ciptes, and te nettled to tbe conviction that alaoery, vhtrtxer amd JtomweNr # exittt, $jntax only to U regretted and deplored.1 counsel this course farther, because the necessity for a return to the old national way hai become at last absolute a n d imperative. W e c a n extend slavery Into new territories, and create new slave States, only by re- opening the African stove trade—i proceediag which, by destroying all the existing vain* of the slaves now held in the country aad ttuur increase, would bring the North and the South into complete unanimity in favor of thatlence and boadlnational Imbecllhave practised siThe world over, • ie wealthiest and most powerful nations have been thosf which tolerated it least, and which ear Heat and most ompletcly abolished it. Virginia andspeech lbsthe American people expressing their choice for him un-veholdera allow, but insisting o n corn- iascribed to the bl&ek republican candidate for return.Finally, Tcounsel that return because a statesman h a sPresident, to a .political newspaper of Richmond, been designated who possesses, in an eminent and mostmade there w.thin six years, with so little amocg her people; and what surprised was that with such a vast territory a a d there was so little of popnte- ' strength to be found. (Faintcan we help his being elected? (Laughter aad applause.) If be shall be elected, what Is that more than tee people of tbe United States have beea guilty of doing for seventy years, every fourth year—electing one man whom they like better than any other man? Is there anything wrong*md back to the* writers andlaw givers of annuity. But whether to Mr. Seward does or does not be- Jong the patarai. y of the phrase, he certainly is thesattefsctory degree, the virtues and the quahneatlons necessary for the leader in so great and generoua a move meat; and I feel well assured that Abraham Lincoln will not fail to reinaagurate the ancient constituMonal policyslave,anyonetomakeaslave,anyoneofthem slave, or any Toot or their territory to be trod bjj or by a man who is not equal to every other mply the torch .01 to emancipate self-defence, toThe; follow: speech:—irrection aad civil war, by proposing slaves, and then w e would hare, toa federal union with Ctnada. extracts are from his St. Paulthings to you. I should have begun at theoff!the story, though a cltisen of any othermuch liberty here as the citizens of Mis-elect a minority m an e m an wham the people do not like? If ao,I should like to aee tee patentproduced. What kind of goverasaeat would it be if we sleeted a man we did not like instead of a aaaa we did like? MynrglecUagWbut autuauywe found atawfitoaj at u, is gotog tagone through elghtoes StatesglartowJ tte.tt 'carries *wuh it, tbe tost forty yeare erroneous, false and tending toandthatttmustbereversed. Ourpolicy,saidbe,Iher Seward: Kansas will never be rs) 1tookthen a deliberatesur ; I sawthatfreedom lathefuturethrough. InwejrML j jce speech he said,speaking ofthe ItorinnbySt.Fetor. (Laughter)great apostle of the idea embodied in it. Bead to the administration of the government successfully be- eye of the tow. (Applause.) bow, in his Detroit" speech, delivered on the 4th of cause tbe republican party, after ample experience,hash/ has less liberty than Hike I want moreI waat te apeak what I think, Instead of impression te that it would be a government not differingSeptember, he desc 'Vibes the exVteece of this con- flict in various parts of the confederacy:—at test acquired tbe courage and the constancy necessary11sustain him,and because 1am satisfied that the people: . at tost fully convinced of the wisdom and necessity of the prop sed reformation, are prepared to sustain andi sfrom Idas p'telegraphic report of the Lawrence where tbey have an admirable way of saving tbe UnionThe North te not aath ***• l u aiaaees want a suppres-sion of tbe Aft loan stave trade, and aa et!«clual e tcttuion give it effect.This land should not only be a land of freedof knowledge and religion, but it should b ea tend which, as yet, cannot be said with Arut part of Europe or any other part of: toe wor)of civil liberty; and a tend can only be nof liberty by adopting the principlesever yet obtained in Europe, aad whieh ia attaited by learning It from ourselves—-tha entry human being being neeeaarOy oom the n gvctirmerd is a memberof At State, and hat righttobeamemberoftheState,andthat,tothe1.Vi of tbe Declaration of Independence, all men are hi rai and have inalienable righto te lite, liberty and to; < • of happiness Some of the States were not estabus this principle. They were established a long Sen and under circumstances which prevented the id- ofthisprinciple. ForthoseStates,member^c Union who have been unable or even unwillmgfto this principle, I bare only to say that I leave theiAnd now, fellow citisens. we see all around us the resuite or that wit*policy. Certain of the gtates concurredpartially in toe '" y of the fatoers. I need nor tell youWhat States . Jere. They were Massachusetts, Ver-mont, Rhode. .=« bd, Connecticut, New York, New Jerseyand Fennsylvan Same other States did not. Ineelnot tell you woe* States they were. Tbey were the sit tb« line Southern States•f toaswry from iboTcjri Vorka, sotbat ail tbe new andMere Stolen may nr»l? 1>• free State* Tbe &wtb la not Mr. Seward addressed an immense assemblage oo satisfied. Ito liases, i vy whatever means and at the 6th of September, and in the coarse of his whatever oast, daske to ' ettabUabmeat and proton speech than illustrated the same general idea :-~ Uon o f alavery to t b e T writoriea,the newdiatos mayfail to bThe •*— of all the Interest I hare felt to you-has been to maintain the aaaa whom tbe people do not lake, rather merely that y o a occupy a pivotal position to t h e than let them have the man whom 4hey do like (AUnited- with regard te freedom and slavery. Voice—"That to th<way tee deawciate>re doing here.') There is no contest nor difference on the subject along That is the way they would do everywhere; but thai tsShivery and freedom cannot eiist in the same State; thtt noneof theyareincompatible;thereisaa"irrepressibleeoo- •lave States, flict" between toena. (Laughter) Introduce slavery a Mghut of its H and yon expel freedom; introduce freedom, and slavery and the West to will sooner or later die It has been always my policy of a national potisy to take care that every new State should be a free State, hostile to ito agricfltur al, mining and social and I will favor aa long aa lean, within the limits of constitutionalaction,tee decreaseanddiminutionof African alavery to all tbe States, (applause.) That Is tbe whom question.. If I sen wrong, then I am egre- Mawandanomalous oambinatlonaofeitlsans giouelywrong,andyouamyabandonmeanlmyaltarna-said— "Althou) *irade aci invitbe Union. The Six Southern States the constitution has arrested the slave immigration, and adopted the policyoffor. SUtes, eternal; mallNortheastern Stttee, for tbey are all the very thing which cannot be aaae bare. Fellow citi- a; none oo the line of the Southern zens, let me aay te7ou that those who talk about lestrey- tbey are all for slavery; but there is aa tog tela Union, aad even those who fear that it te gotog" the astablisbnasBt of freedom or slavery te be destroyed because the people do what tbey lawfully oftheUnitedStates,fromtheMississippi maydo,andwhattbeybareaconstitutionalrighttoda, If freedom waa to triumph, there was no know nothing at all of the subject of which tbey are talk-Tbe Bbsf* to dtteoutoBted with fishery, manufacture aad a »T Unnauent under the operai *makingailtbebenottheSutesfreeandequal,yetwewill adhere to system of slavery." Well, what is the to theresult? You see t in the cities of Boston, New York aad point1'huadelphia. it to the wheat fields of New the place, e she has met it here. If you and bean never raised their thoughts so high, nor examined ita York, of Ohio.o Indiana, of Illinois, of Wisconsin. Y ou false, slai would have swept through the Territory of foundations Si low, nor surveyed Its proportlona broadlypartysi aaaoasswmirtIttoneragtagthroughouttheoonntry, aregnaat with the imminent and totatotablo disasters• thet.matyhasBbl ' anatessaswwe^p^ss^w^w^^^^w,themtokeeppeacetotheStateofMichigan,orNewYork, •* 1orMaasachoaatto? DowemaintainanarmyandnavytoSvernmentiaagovernmentforfreemena*dt»tI tvenorttovctatdsrs,sadthatthisoonntryisto:tothe* o v i l war aad nattonal dawataUas. I ventured then t *etoll way atneag oarselves to tbe free Btotasrhome of the exile from every land, Ishall do.IBet anbouch itali—se qmlified tor s^a^,toTptt^ilaodsw1btoawaweTt them with con-beckupondemocrat principles. Besaid:- fall Now, if in the Old World, when govenactsta and m^nnnaslaveryhadbeentoproduceawantormoral and that want was tbe faun or the politicaltoierat-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^ow,sinceailthishas been done,letusseewhatis the resell aftera'J—whatadvantagehasstoveryfiat,aad what baa freedom test, while w e have for forte yearsgifen our free consent that freedom should be stripped oftorbetter,thererore,teleavethepeopleof Afr » Q«dplantedthem,ontheir native shores,tButthegtoarycause,tbeUniontotobedteaolved or destroyed, have no Idea of tea nature of thegavemmenl onier which tbey live, or of the character of the people. o>_^_ibete/uleom iorlandtify andwund freedom, (apiitosfia.) 0,what snail1havetotellingthepeopleofKansasthat; all etoere were faithless, fatoe or limid, they rose stsndard of fwedom. expelled the intrudin_gjstovvey orthebroad —ntwaathenecessityofthisageaad Sta'esofthiscon »wthattheestablishmentofthisas oi ibis oonntry. A freedom, conservative of the rights a republic of hi Was the cause of tbe whole world. (A>uriasa slave State:— j• securedtheslaveoapittlorThey rejoiced and triumphed, mourning. The country reals and said,InntoLansingspeechbesaid:—What,then,aremylimiti tutkmoftheUidtedStoteiinakmyouaadmeai over the Territories of the United 8tatoh for U••• jIn Lansing, t h e capital o f tbe State o fMichigan,tilaed' Can. who like freedom hive freedom r I will answerofspeechandofthepress, hemadethisde" tion:—- above every other earthly good, and isunfitfortbehabitationofman— but you allowing to, me m y rights, eqnal righto—every man having ighttodecidewhetherbeWilllabor hewilllaborandeat,orwilt ifbewilllabor,forwhatbewill whom he win labor, and the right imptoyer, just exactly aa tbe employer u (Cheers.) Youseethefruitso»this way. Go over tbe American continent,^ ^ awithoutwhatisit?and, 1 allowingexactly bisor perish—wbeidle«adlabor,:andte dischargecan dischargepulleytofrom one endequality hasand every citizenretained, and every citizen of t\ State,^ t r f m h r a t wMwrwi #^anTsnafas ftMll gsrkthria sja_ei MaW«wBa*4iawlaawBBal awftwsV' is very large, though not very efficient. Can any man Whatever lies to m y pjwer to do to bring toll|ItothewindsVohfahaweSSeVvWewaB(oAa«lvfourrear*after* *«?? tallmewhatwomaintainthemfor? Dowemaintain fulandpracticaloperationthegreatprtoeiptol—,.„, a s i f t h e p e o p l e o fColon.f applause.)NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY! 1)QCTOBBR JI8, I860.-TRIPLEItwaa in lKJO^therefore, Ucourse then no tsemanoBBraasaw- **~***»^^.dl at law tee wouWbereaowed.thepeopte/llred with a IIha head that be applies In that culture, tosomeoftbeStatesearlierthanKwaa'WWWW** havenocked apcint where,amulcontusion, hneflder- sistance,wouldbecometowasfiiwa»»sam*nc*"T" can alavery woul«>beoome the da^raceful trade added Territory American dag. Tbe Southern States ehoose itov siead of freeiom, and they bavft to drag out forthere man,trayed so monoman' waa Johnwhat Ih, | despondinjgrthatsaid: "Caeerup aslaveState."« « t e a that did not despair. That «aake his prediction just, was bebelief that be became ultimately a ' upon MMgabowa That toaa ) The first and only time that When he called upoa me after tbeThepointwhtehIdoami the United States,must keep him at slave in the Unitednil the, barrie" against Itwtotah• " • " ^ " batTerritories, Tbey will reclaim teem from their ness condition, sad round there institutions o f f , „ « , will avoid entering there, as the devil woaid avoid entering Paradtee If the gatesIntornei toe lave and tytoj** ifaaf toe vnequaUed and The national policy on the subject of tobor had UXtoBouri co npromlse. H e asked m e of theUh so it la to go through ail the otherau «M a s w dt^ed the td Aevr me».oriet frgAt Dubuque h e declared that ]go through alT tho thirty three ' ie future" I sa'd I waa saddened, and fifteen. It bound te _ie simple reason that I t te going would persevere against hope. He Statesof Union, for the atosplealaweSuteswhere it already exists, while freedom is «he wrong; andwhen shedoescome withher , the^eneral, normal, eaarSrtog and permanent oondition •ment she comet to terror, revolution, anarchy anof society within the-Jurisdiction and under the authority In a very curt speech which he made aislavesproposed,as there never wasto " 'of the omutttution of toe United States. I oasmsel thus neapolis to an extempore gathering, he A IVltBrtS fEBATMEHTOFsBCBStttmTfifC 1T& for a simple reason lneapable of Illumination. Slavery, nated the present political condition of thetcJorPenn- pared to enter it.- hewevar it may be at any time or to any place exeueed, la at all times and •veiyabati) unjust and inhuman in ito veryejaiare; while freeiom, however it may be at anytry as a revolution, and said:—$TT—--ition to make Mtoeouri a free State, confiscation, see how smalliyby t even sacrificeIn one of his Leavenworth speeches he said.—Fellow cltlxens, you stand on an important potot. Y oa perform for others the office which there was noae to per- form for yon when you oame here. Iter those who era• • • > » i •• j t.me or in any place neglected, deniel, or abused, is in its had no doubt of Its ultimate success, because be belli I uaton right, tost sdd^wnefloant. It can never under any that that success was an Imperative necessity. He 1BtanV -T SewarU, In hto rwonot pnliUc&l pttgrimnge r slrcumstanoee be W s e to persevere volaatarily in ex- therefore, never suffered himself to be discourage*see how unavailing are the devices and across tbe Rocky Mountains, and all the way down to theat) th« northwest, and in the many speeches which tending or fortifying an institution that is intrinsically wrong or craeLi, commencing with bte elaborately prepared'fc Detroit, andending with,histxtempora- Certainly,therefore,m havt noneedewJnoroomforto the darkest moments, because he knew that a res was just as certain and inevitable in the floods and of politleal opinion ss it waa In the floods andeb Mississippi. Thecauseoftruthandofvirtueijen, of statesmen, of partial, or even of terant and control the great moving operaWho would suppose that the wisest aaaa of tbe North would have believed that, rNewYorkaadPennsylvaniashouldbesteamboats should be pat upon the rivers. raph should have been perfected, and master and tbe Christian missionary were could, b y making Missouri a slave Kansas a stove State forty years wthequestionisalldecided,andwhat They bate got slavery into Mtoaouri aad Bsdom into Kansas, into Nebraska, prac- MexicoandUtah,andrreedomestablished over tbewhole Paclilocoast.:Thatto ringtobind aptbedecreesofPrevt- herap aad flax fabricated by human ta|)y Itfailedfarthesimplereason srightssad Itonecessities. Ittetost senshouldmoreoutofMassaeliuaafta,State of Texas, sad all the wayup to British laaates, yon stead here aa sentinels to protest them aad insecure them free passage to the land of their choice. That Is a high-sad honorable prerogative No other portion of the Americanpeoplehaseverheldsoresponsibleatreat,and the fidelity with which you have woo thte position isuch fearful opposition, encountering even the of the federal government itself In all its de makes it certain that that high trust will he ruccessfally, osmpliissty and triumphantly.BBJBSWSSB OF DISfiOLtTION.Mr.Sewardaffectedtotreatthequestionofdbv soiutionasonealmosttooabsurdtotalkabout, amiwhenhedidrefertoftatailitwaageneraHj Inaderisivetone.Itwaanotalwaysao,however. Inrespondingtoanaddressmadetohimonbisar- rivalatLaCrosse,hesaid:—one in Buffalo, appeared anxious to impress African OmtHiUXu federal Territories OJyon say that advanctog~ever going forward; and ir, said he, I we want mora sugar and more cattoo, aud therefore mntt to read anything orthe signs of tbe times, Ao! nnpoc III who heard and rea*l them a few leading have more stev«* and more slave Labor- I answer, first, Un<montheterytveofaswxei>fulconiumination.that ae otoss «r race of men have a right to demand sugar, ootton or any other oomfortof human Mfe to he wrung for tbesn,threagfithaactionofthefederal«ortmmant,from toe narewarded aad compulsory labor of any other class orraceofmen.Ianswer,secondly,thatwehavesugarandootton enoughalreadyfordomesticconsumption,andasurplus ofthelatterforexportation,withoutanytoereasemfslave territory. DoyonsaythatEuropewantsmoresugarand cotton toaa we can now Supply T I reply, let, then, Eu- ropeeeodherfreelaborershitherorintoItaly,orinto theWestIndies,orIntotheEast;«rifitsuitthembet- ter,Vet-themengagetoenativesofoottongrowingreFellow ctttxens, either in one way or the other havebeenreportedandpublishedinfall-with- tartlyandforadequatecompensation.Suchacourse, youagreewithmetoattributingittothetorin* its appearing to be in the slightest degree Insteadof fortifying and enlarging the sway of slavery Divine Providence er not, this battle has' here, Trill leave us free to favor ttogradual removal. It this victory has been won. Slavery to-day is,ft repetition of what he had sold before, still through will renew or introduce civilisation on the shores of the first time, not only powertotos hut without in all o f them dominated mora o r less the chief senti- Mediterranean and throughout the coasts of toe Indian the American republic Tbe serried ranks of awenta whieh he desired to instil in the public mind Ocean. Christianity, more fairy developed and better party, which rallied under it te sustain andunderstood now than heretofore, tarns with disgust and ftftd neve Incorporated in the policy of the republi- horror from the employment of force and piracy as acan party These were, first, t h e n e w dogma of nccoosaiT ageaciy of The flnapolFourthly, all the subtle evasions and plausible politlealwas to divert«ton into tbe Northwestern States Ithat there were people enough now ve made Missouri a great State. Bat,|nst position in the government. For tbe firs the irrepressible nature of the conflict between theories which have heretofore been brought Into the tbebJatoryor theUnited States, no man in athat ansbtea as to trample under our feet every: does not want to be a great Stale. She every threat of disunion, every alarm aad islave labor and free labor—between~aris- tocracy and democracy—between rich and poor. Second, she injurious and deteriorat-argumentforaaextensionofslaveryhave atlast been found fallacious and frivolous.It is unavailing now to say that this government was madebyandtorwhitemanonly,sinceevenslavesowed aUegtonoe to Great Britain before the Revolution equally•aabebribed tovotetorslavery. Ibegovei the United States has not the power te make good or a seduction by which to nuke and convert " tosupportslavery. (Applause.) * •This battle is fought, and this victory is wo* that you stand determined to maintain the greal licaa party, under its great aad glorious leader, A' Lincoln, in inaugurating ito principles tote tbe - traticn of the government, aad provided you him to bis administration, if it shall be, as I Ua wise and just aad good one, until tbe advi find out that he hasbeenbeatenandshall retire from t h e field. (Applause. A voice— it") Unless you do that, there is stilltoour.faithAeyallhaveanatural righttobemen; batto the estimation of the o;har party, African slaves are not men, but merchandise. It is with them, therefore, no thingmore,nothingless, thaiatariffquestion,aques- tion of protecting commerce in slaves. Fsr us it is a ques- tion of human rights. Therefore, when it is setiled in favor of right U will ttaf sd'Jed.So much for Itr. Seward's views on the doctrine of the impressible conflict. W e might multiply extracts from las speeches presenting the same views; butwehavegivenenoughto carry convic- tion to every mii&d that the object which Mr. Sew-' ' ed to himself to accomplish, and ard h a s presetwhich he will'_ scribe as a rule of action to the administration | Mr. Lincoln, should the republi- can ticket trimnjih. is not only the complete exclu- Bipn of slavery from every foot of the national ter- ritory, bnt 4ts nltimate extinction in the States where it at preajnt exists. In the language of his Chicago speech! it ts a question of hum in rights— a question of j o |lice, of conscience, of moral rightsouri,t whichBaotrestate. Tb.is.te a sad cade for Mis- ofthe dismembermeat ofthis great empire;yanymeans a bopeJeascase Kansas, totbesentimentswhichyenhaveexweasedtoasto-day to the first place overran aad shbtagated, precisely toe sentiments whteh were kindled tors hun-d—for vtetoaliy she atone has retesed—to dred years ago oa Plymouth Rock, aad whloh are spreading influences ef alavery upon the wealth withwhite man,andwereequallyabsolved from It by and progress of a community, as contracted with the Revolution, and are not only held to allegianoe now under oar laws, bat s e e also subjected to taxation and the effects o f freedom, Third, t h e inevitable neces- actual representation to every department of the federal sity and duty of prohibiting the introduction of any government. No government can excose itself from the duty of protecting the extreme righto of every human •ore slave States aud Territories, and of ultimate- being, whether foreignornativehorn,bond orfree, whom ly extinguishing slavery where it now exists. it ccmpulsorily holds Within ito jurisdiction, the great toot Isnow fully realized that the African race here is a foreign aad feeble element, like the Indians, incapable of assimilation, but not the lets, therefore, entitled to suchu-! liadmitporta onsteps to Neverpie ofstriateand theEveryStatetote tfe»s|> the old,tegwidersadwider,takingdeeperaaddeeperrootsto tbe American Mil. Ttwy give as tbe sure aad reliable guarantee that under every poasislo change of condition sad circumstance tee American people win nowhere for- get tbe common Interests, the common tflertiooa aad the common destiny which nuke them all one peopleHis regnlar speech the aaae evening at La Crossewaa directedprincipallytothesameconsi- deration. He said:—8tovery,asafederal tosUtution, is obsolete to thte 1 Only one argument remains to tee democracy. It aquire from the strong; that it is a pitiful exotic unwisely and unneoeteerily transplanted into o u r fields, and whteh it is unprofitibto to cultivate at the cost of the desolation of the native vineyard. Nor will the argu- ment that the party of slavery Is national, and that of freedom sectional, any longer avail wnen it is fully under- stood tbat, so tor aa It la founded la trutu, it ia only a resultofthatperversionoftheconstitutionwhichhas attempted to circumscribe freedom, and to make slavery uaireisai throughout the republic Equally do the reproaebca, invectives aad satires of the advocates of slavery extension fail,since it Is seen and felt that truth, retuon and humanity can work right on without faaati- ciim, and bear contumely without retaliation. I counsel this eoorse farther, because toe oombinaiiont of ttoecrv are brvictn up, and -can never he rtnewtd loith mrees*. Any new combination moat be baaed on tbe principle o ftoe Southern democratic faction, that alavery is inherent ly jnst and beneficent, and ought to be protected, which can no longer be tolerated to the Mortn; or elseof Leavenworth he thus illustrates the which took place In Kansas:—people had thataiy eI do not net yet beanas wise as they were, the Statete them on the Missouri river.said he, that the State or Missouri will great State; for there tea hope, there IsIt te that if we do not choose to give uptbe contest, and if we elect ear candidate, the fabric of thte Union shall be broken down aad shall perish to ruins. That ia t b e only argument toft—that t h e Union wUl b e diKolved, if we succeed to selecting tbe honorable statesteto repnbifc tbe « * • • * £ - - .history,nordebatetheMUledmoralquestionsoftheprrri».egedathetondaandtb§manynop tobondage;^»f^^ff«*J*&B/gft put, ' i only lament that 11 TO neoeaaary, If Indeed » le> * wor!_ ,a«»^«nMMaVwas to. History tells ue that the course then adopted I uielahori the Caned license of debate teo those*who advocate tbe interestsrriWa&i"? ss they mustalways be, to lay op«.till it is perfectly tree that^fthe J ^ TMatslVrarf^*Itiewnsabtrtdsurgestion to saythatagreat nation aadestablishedthefreedomofmanontbeiptotosog&ia- ofhumannate sawemigrationpouringfromtbeBast•ourbt to reosaaider a practise.of «wty years' duration; sas. T»e dueittoa toiajf «lSh eterwoi r ^ ^ ^ ^ - ilea -Voloe-^Jtmen. Europe into the Territories, and ITHe Qwatioa t o Ve fletttod la «ae but forty years of a nation* lift are equivaleuttop only fii flu fpMegt* and tbs many mpn ote jear In the life of an individual. The thougnT is at nrUiocraq mi democracy. It to theern States and thatdhey would have when they knew the one at was that they should own tbe toad..I.M.KUJU What capital Mteaesri — - « . tbe cupidity of the slave master and tbe stove IBInasal• • •teaat cossietent with polltUsal philosophy, tor it is not moretruethatpertonal peraaWetwe.'toerror ltads inevitablytoruto thanitisthaievery-nationexists by obedienceio the same moral tows which direct iadlvidual life, thatthey artfwritten to itoefigtnal constitution, and it must eontiraalryeontomiteetfacesrdingtotbespiritortheselawsorptrlth. Mybraabkradvice,then,feltow-cltirens, is,thatwereturnaadreestehliahtheoriginalpohojofthe nation, aad hencetwth'hold, as we did to the be(in- sanctions et justice sad the impulses of humanity n:nr?-iat slavery tawmflaautt be only a purely looai.'.tem-got there, themselvesai , petitionwiththem. reliance thall be " "rtlme'and theIB""**»•»• i » » » • • - - sacnusetHs, wjouecucut, New York. Mewsylvania, so that this $3,600,000 waa never tobefore free men can reach there to numbers te cover the land with toe clvUlaaUonof the white man, toe slave- holders would enter theTerrHbrtes aadcatectmthaaaDo we maintain this army and navy to defendTiere is not a nation on the In his speech from the balcony of thethey Not one.sfe> saaa^ ^^S " a s>ae^^avtj a t %^o sad dltunited from theto noHouse,inChicago,hesaid:—vNeither you nor I have any power to dtetmour fellow citizens to the Southern Statesslavery, ana having no power we have noWe need not fear that right, and Justice, anuwill not prevail to this world, even though ire'.to tbe other, wherever the principle ofwe are keeping an army and navy. ^ of every other State, and every exile fromaforeignnation,maywrite,print,speakaadvote- when he acquires the right to vote—just exactly as he pleases,and there Isaomantomolesthim,nomantonMr^vh^Jlnanierlimlstoves_ . slaves may not esaape fromtho' " ' freed or emancipated atoaaStatestorntbefree,sad' 4enterandIntroducea tovass » tbe free States a .the field where battias for it-are to be fought or where"isstructionsforItaretohegiven. Theretomebeentie IfUnionwhichwehaverepudiated aaddissolved.-' They Tbe guestteawas propounded to me—not arerighi. Wedoatt prepare to io any such thing. In —it came before me because I was i n a p o - the first place those States are a s * gotog out. If theyThat forty years ago there appeared a necessity great political revolution that was now going on.be made, against tbatomatosaJibe to-tages of freedom dispersed over this broad willing to build up new free States at Pike's Peak aadare broken and dissolved under the presi march—the great and powerful march—of tbe pecple, determined to restore freedom to ito oithat the oonsei lueaceiof making Missouri a stave Statethat we are oaa umipto ft'saa Ply- mouth Bock at least to tbe banks of thete the foot of tbe Rocky Mountsins. It te anpose cf knowing their soil, their skies and U tboirgof tndtviiuals are always soorees of and destine All nations in their turnsrefinement, and havt cultivated the virtues sis a i mento of civilised life more than you have, I hateethenationorthepeople that hasbeenah very inception, in lta infancy, to its very orgi meettheshockof-thearistocraticsystemthiifirW other nations have been injured or rulnei,to r tacks, and to come out before the world in thea people who will not, under any form of peiduction o r intimidation, consent, any one o f t rtbentam-aase or even the'suspicion of a handful ot m an within their borders.indicating civil war. Massachusetts and Vermont defied] irilish invasion, ba-Jted by treason, eightyyeareagiInthereporj|jjof his speech atDubuque we) find the following:There was not said, a slave employed to the forest, the fisheries, th lues, tbe navigation or the commerce of t h e United tea. Make a s a nation of slaveholders andtbefeeblest ower of Europewouldonlyhavetoap-lieves willkind. Wn snrprited me to Kansas wss to see the vast Beil, or Stephen A. Douglas, or Mr. Breckinridge, howTne following extractAtchison on the 28th of September:—thtoka.m IK STATES AND TIRBITOBIES.very tor from the empire of Austria, where they alwaysshire. Yousee intbecattlethatmultiplyandabound upon a thousand lite. You see it in tbe millions of spin dies to the manufactories or the East, and In the forges andfurnacesofPennsylvania. Youseeittotbecrowdedand servile war, to ibe South, dev WU^ mcaoe for toe dis dient, jou will of course accept it. When d d you ever tem. Bnt when I am called upon to establish a gCfcera. ambitiously em ting tbe splendors or the Old World Rocky Mot Ihcau pursue thte onward path te theneatintbeworldbutoars refused to tanm o r e rivers, construct bar-fornlawai comi crowned battleperfectly securedtefreedom,sadwitha You opened a - new campaign hare aad with a complete victory. HaaeeforththeHenceforth the free laborers from everyasfcopartnershiporthirtythreeStates,fifteenofwhich delight to tbe stove trade, sad eighteen of which dte- llke and repudiate the stave trade, aad prefer tee hiring andcompensationoffreelaborers. Wesnaycall slavery by gentle names or modest terms, bnt slavery is nothing less than tbe trade in slaves, for n makes merchandise ol thebodiesaadsoalsof men HawthesefifteenStatesretab.lab ltebtbo«a>» » r ^ e protection of ttotoerjoy whateverofhappiness,and toattainwbiappear; to toe Worth. JnatMyuiK a, "madtoattsatorsof civil tives. If I am wrong to pronouncing slavery inexpe- of prosperity, they can enjoy and attain with thetosys- shipping Of XewlYork, and In her palaces and towers, land onruptionanddismembermentofthe-Onto* ItMmanifest real orseeofaStatspeopledexclusivelybyfreemen meatforanewState,thenIdeasaadtbeappltcav»u€the and/grasping thatireareaWgbjftnltothereapectandeansdeacaoffo-thatwastoanydangerathomeorabroad?Never. principlesoftbeDeclarationofIndependence!-(ap Yousee,even retgn SUWa. and Ifcat itosrderaad sWMfvnoa are more Is there a slave State, or a>>State-that ever wai a slave plaute)—that every man ought to be and should >« 1free Yon see them toherselfJ,hecommerceoftheglobe. Uon,out is. Younotonlyoccupyapivotalposi-ifomiaandOregon,tbesameresults. nod.Inilsenterprisewasattemptedatacriticalpe havetberightandhaveteepower,theaaqaecopper dug out on the banks of Late negraat among oarselves sow th-" e TOr kefnre. • • * State, oa the continent of America, and which still man. Society can have bnt two forms by whieh ;L liadt- Superior, tbe In Pennsylvania, the gypsum In NewIW all guaranteea of freedom were abandoned, and Kansas, that had for forty yeans bean free from the footstepscfslaves,waspronouncedas much of a alave State as South Carolina At thte crisis the people of Kan-and undeniable power, to carry oa this trade in within these fifteen Mates themselves. We do not inter- fere with them. We have ao right to interfere with,_. *"*«ia«L»tost •wbtoet,andareax.Tatov»toi«erateodthat JobaQ«tac. ^fswaMtopaisto •aaaa I ever knaw, . "** «Mapalring or a iortbeproblemofatewesfv«anwhtefaberetains anyvestigeofslavery,that doesnotto-daycon- fess itself to be to danger of domestic insurrection? Not one. a handfulofmadmanmealinginChatham,andvidualcandefend himself from oppression. Oie that which puts the musket Into his hand and tells h m t the lastresorttodefendhimselfsadhisliberty, thejtborYork,thesaltto and the silver Pacificcoast InOn the other each other to a ontheAtlantic great mates rolltogoverin nine yeare abuilt in any s\ e state in the Union to two hundredyears. (Cheers, Ton aee here tbe fruits of this great alave. -(ipplause.) I think it will be found that lees for trade in the bodies and souls of men. It tt madetheseyouseethefruitsofthispolicy. Itbrougnoutb».J*^""*?*goingwithatowpikesaadspikessadspears,alarmandIsthatwhichputsintohishandtheballot,aadiejfihimNeitherinfoi,normines,normanufactories,nor If we mar jadge fresa tolTaneohite fa * £ * * * £ * terrify the oldest and proudest, and once tbe greatest and In every exigency to defend his rights with the Mallet. workshops, is one African slave that turns a wheel n Mr poik Mr pMm and Mr Buo uaaia, in the re- leading State to tbe federal Union, wish tbe panic of ia I do maintain that ia founding a new State, we -have orsuppliesoil to the machinery in motion. (Applause.)e m p t W m our control. But when It comet to tbe federal f1i p e « i n ! a « . % £ a i ^ to n?nntderat ton suToetioB and civil war; ft comes back to yoa in every the perfect liberty as well as the perfect rij it to aSo toe syetoSBS whteh Mr. Calboon, M T ^ f ^ J V * : State Kentucky expels the free man who defends free establish s government which shall secureThey'liftedClayand Wefaataraevanlrrraeommem*^•**wauandomwithinheritastta,andTennesseesubjeststotbestake andisggot thesieve winaspirestofreedom,notfrom feeitogs of cruelty, bat from alarmtor the safety of the State. And what do are hear from Texaa now, but thatmasinhisrighto;orrather,Idosay mustputIntoeveryman'shand—nottotetbe few—.tbe ballot; or put Into every man's hand Into the hands of a tew, the bullet, so that <, you see millions of freemen crowding 'ual wave, rolling over from Europe spreadingoveraadbuildingup the foot of the Alleghany mountains,year after year, until they build upalltheTorttieriu ofAeLnitedStatet. Nootheroaeben. died thanltad people bare contributed so much for freo- domaaSaasas. Whywasit,heasked,thatalltheset tlemento and compromises were not final. For ao othertee United States has ceased, because Ibe constitution te a centtituUon to estahlteh justice, net Injustice; te main- tainpeacenotbyferae,butbytheoeasenlofthe governed, aad to perpetuate, not the curse of slavery, bat the Oleasters of liberty to ourselves and te oar posterity forever. Thte Union te this nsltoa to thte empire ofsave snhea^aaaaryby pnbbc characters • eweatayperhaps« views of the characters of ourto AhatIn that speech from the baloony of ! Hotel, in St. Lonis, in which h e upbraidedSimple national practice of Justice, of do we seatJ We see to Pennsylvania that they have notto all men—for this freedom, which made up their minds that there is any such conflict at HI.guarantee him to the full enjoyment of ail tea rights cf life, liberty aad property, tt opens to him this vast continent Jot the pursuit of happiness, sad by Its power acting oa tee governments of the Old World andofteeNew,ttmakestheAmericandtlxeethectti- sen of the world, (applause) This Unteo of oars gives ae a property to tbe tombs a t Qatooy and Mount Yeraoc, aad to the battle fields of Bunker Hill, and Saratoga and Yorktown. ArethesealltobeeurrenderedifanyState aatongusshouldbecome dtecoatented because tbeyare not able to secure all tee advantages from tbe Union that leemtebeaamrabtof 7/theUbtoa is to be dissolved.I laveshownthatteewaytenotveryeasytodoit. Now et me know who te to do in It has been said that Ala-ama and Mteaoari, and Mtestesippt aad Lonta.aan, aad iterate sad awash Carol tea win go oat, and ttwa the ttotoa wmsw dissolved. They say. "Yoo will not try t> takeusback;yoawillactdaretoimbrueyour handsla brothers'blood to re estahlteh by force of eooqaeat ai aadtotoclevythat the conflict w a s irrepressible, aad waanot te be touted until Kansas had finally and forever de-termined that she would be free, aad would not be thirty mUllons of people It te not madefor trade, muchmstresgth and prosperity, is convulsed with panic because of slavery being brought into debate among a portion oftizeni? fiat you will aak me, what have yon to do Ahtot atop interfere to that subject f why notthe ballet, or none.(Applause.)policyofthe" cy. Bnt do not policy; it to equal and exactwe boast so higyouseewhatcomesofa wise p>ii- the whole question was seltled in the deliverance for tee happiness of the people, for tbe stovetopesaant of of Kansasi. and freedom to triumphant to all tbe the materlal resources of the country, to gwaraaiae peace us mistake it for policy. It la not Territories of the United States. Aad aow, what and safety to every cltisen to thte bread toad, sad tor taunt and<e*sneither thatnewState,stillnewerthanMichigan,bathaving,as •hallbeequalbeforethetowinhispoteraspttol to Minnesota equal to t h e capitaly bi.%Been awte, w is-aba thought, tenfold the elements of wealth and All men shall have the ballot, or none; all men-.rt,to £*r*ae. ia the tot those who like slavery have it, aad those rians-ftn" tolerating any laws that restrict Im mm*opposite policy of non-intervention, andaewfaj anaeaived on awh aad 11tsaaliHivoarlSSC wfctafeTow^^swsaw iBSBasswnf ^srawsaajBsaa saTWtottpromtf*tXtheiUMttta&ljpoMwcedAMI. ]**?"yonvarysimply. Tonmaintainnowastandingarmy of anoct fifteen thousand mas, and a standing anvy whiehtoly, which we , which we love so dearly, aad so just On the hills and rocks and mountains of Virginia they areactually organizing a militia to defend the State of Virgi- "whoareestablishingfreedomto\the thirteen slate States cf the confederacy redeemeMbu fite terrify him, no map even to complain. And aow reverseel vH war into t h e slave States, and becoase that, if w e cifcrnt of Aote States themselves without interfering or im the picture, and go into any State which has retained thattenentwnfnm abroad Alltheothersthairem&i maybelad navy. Save I anl, then, a ItfttmderAe increasing influences of Ckrist'^niE, to as* it will maintain it to the tost, aad yoa will find tbe Stole„Ijswati rather net wrtog from the freemen ofwhere sot even the native born oiiisen and slaveholder,rather have no army aad aonothing of polity, to <Wtr«r themtthei from Ut%hf£* u/tKA w> ha'* Uen tauA. S o n intervention i n ^ e States by freemen is hut hair of the motto of the repoblt an nartvamaaaney to sustain the army and navy,c ••ry sxfiwiaeas corrupt pay io virtuef Car NontotorventioB by slaveholders in tbe Torrite tedeTaL Bam,or whether he te equal or Inferior to th* whitewithwhichhe tillstheearth? WhenIlookbackatthatperiod, only six or seven years ago, it seeato strange tome that any man living on this continent, Kmself a free like te see the experiment of otomy dutyasapatriot. a a • Wtad8totoeftto7resiny7^mm totoegreatquestioncftheirreprestible TMseMrhothtokauto;aadifbabeinferior,whetherittonetthenthedutyof the white aaaa to enslave him. No, "mum's the word" Mr'l*w?ld l9 l M t ^port"1* •Peech wai kbiti for freemen wherever slavery a retained and cherished—another,undertheblackflag,Istars aad stripes of onraTl: tt pommel I shoe'Jity at ibe nextsee of further S»tV*m thte grmxeLS^LiS?1'^ ^ ns who btrtf en! graphic report— »OB principles" 'oa wst nlrsadV , ^ _ , . « / 1W ?, toafIsajfawnMaf cwci*waac7^bw>af by» Out sad e w mi Hhowed h o w t ) » tendency of !arop«Ji S i m i . moat persuaded to be republican; bnt the oat„ crowded for Kansas Africa has never if tbey got out and did n n behave themsrives? If joonntry one voluntary exile or em grant, aad New York shocM tovy taxes aad ianpasta, and tastaadof The eons of Africa have tends which for them paying them into the national ezeaequer should keepJ11livered a^ _ _ „„ silence, the absence of freedom of speech and of freedomof the press. Wnat kind of freedom is that? Is there sman in Mirneaota who would for one dsy consent to live » . •saw in it if he were not indulged in tbe exercise of the right to hurrah for Lincoln, or to hurrah for Douglas, to hurrah "forfreedom'or tohurrahforslavery Ithinkthatthese 180,009 people would be seen moving right out, east and west, isto British Mortn America, or into KaBSchitka—and having children who are free, himself a freehaving chUdren who must befreb laborers, her, or I would like to see »?wYork 'go oolatd carry teatog his ewa subsistence aad having call- harbor aad Cataklll Mountains with bar. What do yon oat depsad oa their own eflhrto for their thick tlte rest of the States would aaj? Ittttok tbey he willing to resign a portion of thte would fold their arms aad see whether tbey behaved treat,asoUaorich,a climate ao genial, themselves,aadtheywouldtotthematayoatjar.aslong , of African negroes Instead of white aaaa. aa they behaved It amsalves. Well, what would they doandfcaiipythat -*^—jotmtSe2dinkItWmt\yMto carry Plymouth reck "withMe 7~«d sjra^aaTwm^STL?1.wWoto " « •!•• <*t h e He dealired that there teas no enlightened ^temav* carethat wTatrHTTS** »1I*rehavetoAo manwhowould notsurrender tomepartofabate the evil of ateaery, and to emoert the " as, and one stogie t!rithnintealatUef«qutamdJmt^rtkadevoted to the discussion of the'slavery'('mesti W e make t b e following extracts from W tele"4/7, tod riaWn^ ^ J * ^ w 'nous enen"«"— ^-»..fm--*•••« Hares are«*l*fc.- —"\m iJ m exilm n^J> byto the purtalt^aaimiBiBB•f *t•i, ••.•jreignlands.Hete slavery by hi it, and he will save and retain theseI Arkansas given up to slavery, American people for forty yeare. a p It is, therefore, a matter of tbe highest cos(Cheers ) The(act that itis necessary tobe donete the reason why b will be done. It cannot besettled otherwise,Freecom to tbe Territories of Ibe United States is lb the rest of the world a mere abstraction. But it has4 your misfortune that your Territory was made the tre of a conflict,'the theatre of the trial of that "irre Bible i«i f.ct "- Oai.ghter and cheers)—a conflict of. withmind,voicewithvoice,votewithvote,of' sgsinst bullet, »nd uf cannon against cannon (bis w-multuoua, cheering ) You have ajqutred the edadjti ot freedom by practical experience. Y ou have fbefiti of all tbe other mates. If there ia a people In •*$ p of the world I orrht to caerith with endurlngA-of? wiib the warmest gratitude and with tbe d« s inttrcst, asaarediy it is the people of Kansas;for the pTaottral trial they have given to thewhich I had adepwd, b u t for the vindication a trisk and so much sastof their highest rights Ilaw, I for one would have gone te my grave a ded man—a false teacher in theestimation of thepeople- (Applause) Yours is me thirty firstfour States ot the Union which I have visitedi tori LP*r national wealthi trengtn and power. Ignorance, Indo manhood— consenting te take only that privilege of States. Well, • he be sleeted, It will be by a majority of1 have visitea, in the coarse of m y lifetime, mithree fourths of the civilised nations of the wall the States and nations which I have seen,which I bold to be tbe wisest, the worthiest andtbe people of this little State. (Applause ) Theitistbeoldproverb,that"Handsomeisthat1 Texasarethrownintoapanicevennowbytbeappear dees." If other nations have higher educationder the forms of the constitution, aad b y the tews Beads speech. But I have full trait that it by slaveholders aad his opponents, equally with free-anddnty,and maintain the f!we(therepublicanparty) shall te to the last."settingher, as genial, i ti <n of theartgivingherandtbeexampleyoaare a free State. She baa soil as fertile, sates e with which Sod baa blessed any por-addressafewwordsteyoaaathesubject,andtoexam- toe bow tawBtoaal that danger te with which we are me- naced. The Union te to be dissolved. Certainly. Why not, if Ai rabam Lincoln, or tbe Cmgrees of the United states acting with him, shall commit nay overt set teat shall be unjust or oppressive to tbe store States or to aay ]of the UatonT Bat they a ill not wait for fto not waiting for It,1 breate OB that condiUoa they wouldRELATIVE ErjftCTS OF FREBDOM juTO 9LAVKBV.The second-idea whieh Mr. Seward gave promt est, moot realecte<i, meat prosperous, most honored Statehence to in-his crusading mis-ion w a s that the in- fluence bf slavery is. pernicious and injurious t o the well being of Jsaa State in which it exists. He pressed tiiis oafarious occasions, but w e will con- tent ourselves ftvith •presenting a f e w extracts under this headf^ In his Detroit speech he said:—Union, which aiherea most faithfully to cone itions or a State aad of a republic, are aiapiy these: securing te every exact justice, aad the rulieet opportunityMost of them have abolished it ptete freed will allbt to the aad; that to ten years yea will pulatlon, and that in fifteen or twenty have four millions of people.' To secure but to tot every man who comes here,Plate er nation, speak out what he be tbe Welfare aad interest* et maa-soilere sad their friends. If Abraham Ltocotoshall be elected lawfully and constitutionally, then t b e govern- ment te to come down. Bless m y s o u , fellow oMlsaai, whatcanwedo? If we likeAbraham Lincoln, as1am sure yon do—don't you?— (aye. aye)—if all tbe people a t tbe United sutes like him bettor than they Ilka Jabases It to the tt of sbeep to Vermont and New Ham? New Mei could expect to meet the enemy except ing. They have no idea of what the Union is. Toeyhare ud the whole country to the Pacific. Call- emmgh, te know what this Unton te. They understand itaadNewYork,the leadla Illinois d tbe gold in the free States of thethestage,reviled,despisedandbated. tbe banner of liberty on high, and encounter- ed-peaceably all the ellorto made to subdue them, hsthreentrmtwrnf not only seemed freedom in\Kanta», but in _ their right to trade In slaves to the TerrWarteaofanywhere on the earth to get out of thte luxuriant andfertile valley, if any power, human or divine, should de-clare to them that tbey spoke and voted their real sent rmenuwastored** the.arfatocra./ "d to TM andjudgmenthadbeenperverted. Theeffect , menuandtheirrealchoiceattheirperil. * T* * _ temperedthanyoursare. 1haresuppose!It welL Thosewhothinkthatfornothing,orforanylata• i * j . " —uaany and snrever. that Roman Governor whom St. Fanl h In W s st*»#Cb at Madison, W is., Mr. Sewarrl sasded to be a Christian, tbe Americanmore productive, have habtte more Qoageaial aad them on her owe account, that would not be behavingttrta of tbe people.Iha P»oj'-« would haveUntitled Documenton, then, and do your duty.The tosma of public life tshrough,andit is bound kTgo"itIswelldone. Downwithfreedom,so andforthewelfareeftbewholepeople. Tneyarevewat.!ad y^5W*«SP,paWOJ«*ltoL» Jtow, have, you ever unoccupied, unimproved, and if they are left exposed te•J had then 10,229 Afrmy recollection—for 1 was born akavei»meideaofthisthing__.._ .taking babes aad mothers intothegrownup field hands. That would make Ine »3,06o,eO0. Arkansas had then1,800 S480,00O:sothatallthecapitalputatstakedArkansas wasonly$3,800,000. Tosave thegreatcompromiseof1810fectlyfree"te ,venostoveaf (Laughter) Heargued notdistinctpeoplesofIowa,Wteeonsin,MawYorkawlintotheAmericanUnion,istodayopeningthe them aad western borders, aadtetaking highway from St. Louis to the \Pacific. people of any State so suicidal as the peo-lf she remains a slave State, as she de- she must be a planting State merely, her toads wiD be relatively worthless. becomes impoverished, and every free• a e e - teayearsfromof Kansas, then only sixteen years give their wealth for thtt of Virginia.InState in the alley of the Mississippi, and said that te us loudly and clamorously from the Southern Stales, it might haw been, and would nave been, if her and querulously and timidly lrom among ourselvas.double years yob that yoaortli he predicted the rise of a greataesuraace,instruction Missouri Will u'timately, taught by tbe man from Illinois, Abraham Lincoln. Well, I propose toThat State wil ultimately be thegreat-in thte amerthe fuadoavwhtehman equalfor toe lmprareaaeat of his own condition aud toe eleva- tion of his Oifatcharacter b y the U w s and easterns that we underotaifji I Iimprovetoeiwealth or ime in :such greati uroes,lion, 1mfmaniUstations of approval^ T ought not, perhaps, to to that? Can you contrive aay way ia which yon oaamanage to elect a man whom tbe people do not like, aad speech we ^extract t h e following:— by organizing an army of 600,000 meo armed to the teethFromK a n EBB a t a s i K o w nowiserthanthemselves,sadaa"If."whentheywanted to make territory free, they did not go Into tt with the ballotboxandtchoolhouse,andsetthemselvesdownto vote it free, taking care te leave Umatave Stated perfectly free to keep alavery aa long a a they pas, kaewtag that tbey will be quite ready to rsaaoie^atovsra from among teemwhentheyteethatthereMnolongeraprospect of their keeping tbe empire of the country to their hands.In his Atchison speech l(e said:—(meaning Kansas), larger than any of tbe oldbaanotodeacrethatteunsusceptibleof one foot that may act be made prodac- ofthewantsof human life,comfortsmast meet aU questions of this kind—it go oat tbey go out for a cause, an i that cause te to yearsago- Do the interests of human so- save slavery. Well, what are tbey la for, bet te>ciety redbtre teat this land of Kansas should be pos- have stovery saved n r them by the or certainly none but him, can express nto opinion on the sessed by riaveholders aad cultivated with slaves, er BOS- Why would taw/ go out, for theyeeltrvatad by freemen, mwmf one or whom maintain and defend toewaelree against shall own tihe tend which be cultivates and the moaclea staves* We would asa them march up,principle pf the Inequality of man, and determined thatquestion whether the African te or Is not a deeaeojlnot ofwrFt with men of my own race—the white men, eyed men, the yeUow haired men a? England, ofnave no argument against Mr. Tthe next place they would have to wait untilelection before they raised the argument. (Laughter.)u -r~Tai llrtaasassjirhlTiilatontiiiteswianl • all— www.fultonhistory.com> 