 i<i$ s•i •1'.•5 'j iIAGRICULTURALWAREHOUSE, NO. 45 Fulton-st.,) New-York, Nov. I), 1859. JsEAGLE AGRICULTURAL W AREHOUSE/ .) No». 34 and 36 Mernhuiits' Row, Boston, July 12,1859. JMASS. CALORIC ENGINE Co.—GenlUmtn: The Ericsson's Caloric Engine and Hoisting Machine pnt up in our warehouse by you perforina io admirably, so entirely to our satisfaction, that w e fool ourselves constrnincd to recommend the same to all persons who have hoisting to do. The engine consumes leas than' ODOhundred pounds of cqol and but throe cents' worth of lord oil per day. Oar porter acts a« engineer, while dl«charglng his other various duties. The absence of danger to lives, and fho foot that no additional rate of insurance is charged by our un- derwriters, is an additional recommendation.W o cheerfully accord to yo" tbe privilege you reque»t. of re- ferring to ns parties who may wish to boi»t by power, and ex- tend to all such a cordial invitation to call and see the engine atdefined to tske a front rank, and work a revolution in domestic, as well os commercial and manufactnrin* economy.Very truly youra, U DEVLIN, No. 258 Broadway. WASHINGTONST^November 21,1259.JOHN B. KircniNO, Eso..—D«wr Sir: I b a r e g r e ^ pleasure In certifying to the excellency of the Ericsson Caloric Engine Whic* I purchased of yon several mon'bs ^ince. for pumpingwater ac my house In Yonkers. Formerly, it required two-and-a-half days of manual labor to till my tank of t.OKK) gallons, but with yonr en- gine, 1 now fill it in two snda-quarter hours. The costof roelW a mere trifle. ' Yours truly, C. H. L1LIENTHAL.SUPERINTENDENT AND ENGINEER'S Ovricn. \ FITCEBURG RAILROAD. BOSTON, July 2, j ^ A ^ J. B. KITCHING, i«<t -Dear Sir: In answer ^ J ^ . J ^ ^ L respectingtheCaloric Engines we havein ^ . ^ S ^ £ * S L pumping water, I am most happy te say thatjheyhave ff^i perfectly successful. They are readily worked ^ « ^ « d t o a r y laborer, and io not require much more time or »««*»*"£*JL* ntnmJrt coat ato-e. I f h e y are entirely safe, and burn but w i n -PY"o*!r > rfjne at Waltham has nowbeen In operation since O^to-}£iffio*SiBS~ Pipe 50 fi^t^.-Jffjg^Jl&S about21feet,andisthenforcedup ' ^ W ^ g * * TM * ^ 5 tbe tank. The saving in fuel at this station is over eigntyP e AtGroton Junction, we use about 30,000 gallons of water perray, and, in pbSpiD? thb quantity ot water, use less than a han-dled pound* of coahRespectfully yours, W i B. STEARNS, Sop't.•NEW-YOKE CKNTRAI. RAILROAD, - > GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT'S OFEICK A l b a n r ^ M r » » . JttiSfitit.Sk**"'• b i t^ u h e d on the aepartr,^IFOBMU, OB JJgp jopeTaane^^Ir^nb^&So^TL'3•a I-I•i-Xkit••*•>.^ JOB«DANIEL LOVEJOY, New-York, an 18-inch Engine, for driviug bua i. saw, ice.heat, with the not olr which i» thrown out at every stroke, w» are now applying to a small furnace, which, we havo no douov .9nlkAl»o-Idfo,'THE Ilea MARR11^•ayWWWMfcl M«'»'XM'W'w*m*M8&mmM**m4ol'jjrintlngononeol'R. Hoo &,Co.'s large Cjunder ProsHea by tne aid oi power of one of Ericsson's Culorlc Engines.Much hvs been said in fuvor of the »o Caloric Engines already In our columns, but not as much us their merits demand, for as a motive power, for general manufacturing-purposes, requiring but little power comparatively, they aro for uliead of everything the Ingenuity of man has heeii enabled to devise; beinjj second not even Io steam, which the Caloris powor )s destined to supersedeenthely. , ., Our hnglne aud Press made their J'irbd trip" on Saturlay night, then; and although under unfavorable clrcu nstancos, they performed so enthely satlpfoctory to tho purlieu who dropped inof the Caloric Engine (Ericsson's patent), which 1 purchased of ;you. to ubo in my Morocco Tannery, at ChorleBtown.I BIDusing the power of tho engine to drive a Morocco Polishing Machine, and a Mill for Fulling Gput Skins. It performs, ull the Ial|or required of it in a most sarisfoctory and economical manner, enabling mo to get oil'a much larger amount of work than hereto- fore, and at much lets expense. The entire absence of danger fiomthn UBOof the Caloric Engine by fire,' to the building, or by exjplorien, to lives, as WAUOS its great economy, must recom- mend it to general use in factories, where small power la re-quired. *•,'•"• . j,•,.'-.• [Iho Fulling Mil) built by you for my UBO,also gives i}ond satis-o nLondon, 7'aHi p cent premium.COMJTEECE OK MOBILE.MOKILB, Fxiday, Jan. 13. I860.Export* of the week $1,190,800for domestic use, snd those employed at jallway stations, mines snd for pumping ships; also for purposes of irrigation, and sup- plying villages with water. It has been tested with perfectly . satisfactory results in the propulsion of boats and pleasure yachts, and is adapted to- the supply of power for the various operations of farms and plantations, and for numerous mechanical employ-ments.Coppersmiths, workers In all the metals, and workorsin all thefoiui of human industry, will find that the fuel which warmstheir worktbops, may, at the same time, perform labor for themness.Yours, etc.,W . H. HAGAR, Job Printer, No. 56Goldst.,N. Y.NEW-YORK CORN EXCHANGE BAG MANUFACTORY, } Nos. 123.125, and 127 Broad-st., Juno 27, 1859. 5iAs we purchased the finrfr**JL1M4>desired. are already in use.-COMMERCE OF CHARLESTON.. CHARUWTOS, Friday, Jan. 13,186aJ. B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir.- ThntlBinch Caloric Englno you recently put up for us workB very satisfactorily, and we tafc<j pleasuie and ino«t cheerfully add our testimony in its favor, and consider it one of the greatest improvement of the age. It ha>» now been running o'bout four weeks, driving one of Hoe'w me- dium cj linder presses, making about 1200 impressions per hour, and only consuming about fifteen cents' worth of coal per day.If these facts are of any service to you, we most cheerfullyJ. B. KITCHING, ESQ—Dear Sir:Ericsson Calorjc Engine (12-inch cylinder) and also the first 24- inch cylinder that was built, and consequently have had a longer experience with them than any one else, we think it but justice to give you the result thereof.The 12-inch waa purchased twelve months since, and Is used at. our chcihicsl works, forlpumpit g. It consumes eight cents'" worth of soft anthracite coal p<er day often hoors,(coal $5 50 per tun of 2,240 pounds delivered^, and raises water equivalent to 1,W0 gallons per hour 1W feet high.The •/4-inch consumes eighteen cnts'worth of the same kind of coal ttr d«y, and with it we drive the machinery for making the double and treble wall Ice Pitchers, liutter Coolers, kc, under the patent issuedto Mr. Stimpsoil. The best idea of its power m&y»be had by stating that OUT rqhers (used for rolling out tho metal fjom tho Ingots, half-inch lock, into sheet*, one twenty- fourth thick), were driven bj a J»^h£uj>e steam engine. The en- gineer asked, when we were about to rw'movo them, •• Do yon expect to drive them Iwitn your Caloric when it takes all our atofm to roll through the lonr sheets?" W e replied. " W e aro going to tiy ;" and we had the satisfaction of seeing her " blow ofl " while the sheets were going through. Her speed lessened! b. for«- the sheets got entirely through, but she recovered herself: before they were ready to pass through again.!The 24-inch was purchased n June, and neither of them ha«icost UHone cent for repairs. W e see no reason why they will notbe us duialle in their working part3 as steam engines. By care- ! ful tiring, andproi>er attention to regulating the draught, one-third less fuel wilt do tbe'some w-irk. and heat a large roonxwithout any other fire. W e have no water rent to pay for, no>.•<w¥M' hwm^MW'.m s»a-1li'KEDS NEW-YO'3FB3B HUW-yO»K- ' (ST7Nn*5s'l By HORACEG m vm*wr* BtrrrjWNoa, o flOTtBETl,OPEOBir te City Subscribe;-peramw»,ina'. •• • : - • .* -^Cterrit Sxaith, tkoatfh weak, » perfectly was1 teTksfr*«rjonallthegreateventswhichhave*r«u* Rpired, B>£epe well, aa<)'has a good appetite; rides aod •vultavrtrj d»y, but avoide^aJia^aod writia*, and doe*,ndtreeeWecompanyatpresent,becaaaehisatrw^gthisaotequaltoit. Heia,however,rooadtfxe v^»8geaswaal,n»ir»«terh>firtothe*wantsofthesick TLnA poor. His tempo ary alienattoa of mind, his phyraieians declare to have been caosed solely by physical d&ease, m which acute dyspepsia was most apparent, and his complete restoration to full vigor of mind and body is considered a certainty.—John Sherman, the "Republican candidate for•pANkAr, ifithas hastily sketched by a letter-writer:* B « i« a tall, thin, brewn-beJred and -harp-featured man of th« lymphatic bilious temperament, ha* the moat admirabletemper— or, perhaps, control of temper would come newer the mark. His •harp, bittooa face, and deep-set, subtle gray eye« give indication* that there mart be both physical and nervous irritability at work within; but the lymph in his vein* is like oold water poured onn eonnectibn with the fcet that the some engine will enable younqulTy respecting tbe 24-inch Oslqric Engine purchased fromyou last ApriL Yon are aware that our business is manufactur- vllle1 hare pleasure in fisting -that it works to a cbarm. Itfin*]2xperta during the year 1359 Sxports duriui; the yrar 1858. Imports during the year 1859.Imports during the year 1853.......$17,968,500 19,321,500 1,596,000 912*530Job Printers, No. 56 Gold-fit. MACHINERY.!*nskse»ger» A r r i v e d Jtsanfly, Mrs. Blodgett, Jamily, and servant.give them.Yours, roBpectfuHy,B. E. CLARK k Co.JNO. B. KITCHING, KBQ.—Dear Sir: Yours of the 4th is at hand, and iu reply would say, we find tho Caloric Engine to do all we expected of it, hut its exsct capacity we cannot state. W e are driving three email machines—a Boring, Sowing, and Planing Machine. In our opinion its power is equal to a four- horso engine; it is simple, easily managed, and we have no dif- ficulty in running it at a cost of ono bushel of coal per day, not exceeding 25 centa.•hipMedfctor,forNew-Orleans.The Brem. ship Leontine is now on the small Balance Dock Ser t i e purnose of being thorougbly^verhaoled.Tbdtberk Nelson Place is on the great Balance Dock for the purpose of fastening her rudder braces.B. Cromwell & CoSteamship George's Creek, WUlets, Baltimore, mdse. and pasa.to H. B. Cromwell k. Co.flHtexoxhip James Adger, Adamfl, Charleston, nadse. snsTpsss. to ^otford, lileston k Co. Tbe J. A. was detained 10 noors byheavy westerly galea oif Cape Harra: has been within 100 miles of Sandy Hook for the laat 4 days, with heavy weather most of the time; Dec. U, Nelson OUson, carpenter, aged 31 yean, aa- tiveof Sweden di^d. •• ••.-''•••'i',- ^ ,Brig Anna Prentice (of Caatine), Douglass, Galveaton 22 days, notton, dec, to Meteali it Duncan; experienced heavy weather; •aw ahtxge ship, of about 1,500 tuns, ashore on Florida Reef, ap- yarecftiy just gene on. ' ' :.. '' •mBrig Misty Stewart (of Bangor), Denninon. Mexsina Nov. 25, nessed Gibralter 1>«c. 1«, fruit, ate, to Chamberlain, Phelps k Co.;Drc 11,offMalaga,passedbrigLncyHeywood,Stone,fram Bangor for Palermo.Brig Winyaw (of KQeksport), Wyman, Palermo Nov. 16, passed Gibraltar Iheo. 9, fruit to Lawrence, Giles it Co. Had boisterous -weather for 15 davs off the Western Ishrods, lost foretopgallaat anast. Jrc* . ^ o IK ANN ST , N. Y., July 1% 1859.MR. JOHNB.KITCHINO—Dear Sir: After over six. months' trial where the cargo is such that every load can bo approximated toe ArrivedWASHINGTON, D. C., NOV. 14,1859. up. It appears to us to grow bettor instead of wearing out, as And now thnt tho hoisting part of it works so satisfactorily, T twenty pounds of coal will run Oio engine fourteen hours, and J. B KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir: It may be a matter of somoSUKDAT, Jan.15. Steamship Huntsvilfo, Post, Savannah, md«e- and pass, to H.machinery.JOSHUA J. HENRY, an 8-inch Engine, for pumping in house inevery joint, although it has not beeu repacked since it was put success.•.• •C A L O R I C'••-=k«••,••SE N G I N E .itif.•'Ieveryfire,andthoughtheember*ofnaturalwrathmaybesmolder- of wind andwaterhavebeenemployedas motiveegente. Re^From The Vicksburgh Daily Whig. THE ERICSSON ENGINE^From The Cincinnati Press, Juno 25—Printed by " Caloric." OUR ERICSSON ENGINE.•••'J. B. KITCHINO, ESQ., Caloric Engiue Agency—Dear Sir:ing wHhin, there are no combustible red globule* in hi* blood to tarnish aliment for any external flame. Correct, courageous, im- yassive and impextnihable—always courteous, always dignified, and laboriou t to a miracle."DIEB.MACY—On Sunday evening Jan. 15, of inflammation of the Yungs, Edwin D.. the only child of Frederick A. and Susie D.Maey, aged 4 months and 13 days.The relexxvea and Mends of tbe family, and those of Isaiah Maeyand Ezra P. Da. h>, «m respectfully invited to attend the funeral from the residence of tne latter. No. 40 West Twenty-fifth street, on Tuesday, st 12 o'clock m. Interment in Greenwood.cently.the more certain, but dangerous, power* of Steam has been brought to labor for man.But now, for the first time, the common atmosphere is practi- cally employed in doing human d r u d g e , and in saving the sin- ews, limbs, and lives of the toiling millions. It is made to ope -at«, s harmless, controllable, certain, and umvorsal Motor. SBBM TERICSSON'S CALORIC ENGINE is no longer a'subjectof experiment, but exists as a perfect, practical machine, daily at work in numerous and diversified uses, with undeviatingsui*cess._I. Within the Hmlts claimed for the Motor, its power U c«r-W o hove an accumulation of letters containing inquiries of our office, and it is *ucce»sfully running tho presses. It runs much " Caloric." I T WORK*W»I.L—have had it in operation for fourIn reply to your inquiry as to whether the 24-inch Caloric En- gine purchased from you is sati»factory, w e reply that it is so in every respect. It drove all the machinery In our shop at the time of purchase; and finding that It would do more, wo have eddfed considerable work, and it now drives the following tools, viz: 7 lathes, 1 3-feet planer, 1 horizontal planer, I drilling-ma- chine, and grindstone, at tbe cost of less than 25 cents per day. And this it does upon lesa coal than would be required to warm our Fhop'ih the Whiter time. 'The engine requires so, little at- tention that the other duties of one of our boys are scarcely inter- fered with, by bis attention to the engine. W e assure you we take great pleasure in bearing our testimony to the many ad- vantages of the Ca'oric Engine, and it giv* s us the greatest latis-action to do so because of the croakinga of some of our friends, who cautioned us against buying what they characterized as a humbur. I Yours, respectfully, •J I a r k e t sNEW-OXX.*AN% Jan. 14.—Cotton easier, but quotation* uu-• \JEFKERY8 BROTHERS. we had a greater bight of chimney, as onr stack is very short, asyou know wc are at the top of the building, fifth floor, SEWING-MACHINES. 'From The Boston Transcript.N E W MOTOR FOR SEWING MACHINES.One of the most importanWnventions of tho age, forlthe light- ening of human labor, has recently .been put in practice in tho extensiye clothing estubllshment of Messrs. Carhart k Payan, in the city of New-York. W e refer to the use of Ericsson's Caloric Engine in tbo oporstion of Sewing-Machines. The «ugjn« {•« employed to pump air into a tank or reservoir, from which it is transmitted by tut es to tbe treadle of tho machine by a contri- vance wbicb enables the operator, by merely turning a regula- tor, to set it in notion and graduate its speed. 'Ihis dispenses entirely with the use of the foot and leg of the operator, the ac- tion of which, during the long hours of a woikiug day, is always painful and frequently so dlstiessing as to drive" some of the best work-women from tbe employment. . |By the new system the operator it enabled to devote her ex- clusive attention to the material she is employed upon, and the guidance of tbe needle, so that she accomplisboB In a given time a much larger amount'of work. The new motor has been ap- plied to twenty machines in the New-Y ork eatablishment, and the ie&ult is the increase of the effective power of the operator from fifty to seventy-five per cent. The average increase of producion in an establishment employing two or three hundred hancU I»of such manifest importance aa to compelthe universal introduction of the new motor.Many years ago, Captain Krissson carried out a soil's of ex- periments in London on the best modes of transplanting and transmitting power, the resu't of which 'umiahed him with valuable hn t» in the important, economical and sinew-raving process, by which the toil of the sewing-woman is so benefi- cently alleviated The application of the new power fortunately requires no substantial change in esisting machines, and any of them may be readily adapted to receive the motor. Captain Ericsson retains the invention under his exclusive controljso that it cannot he monopolized by any one of the numerous sewing-ma" chine patentees to the detriment of] his rivals.PUMPlJNOr. CORRESPONDENCE.The following letters, received from parties using the Caloric Engine, speak for themselves:MURRAY HIM., NOV. 22,1858. JNO. B. KITCHING, esq.—Dear Sir: Asa resident of Murray Hill, and a property-bolder there, I take great pleasure in thnni-ono so at an earlier d»y, but a desire to arrive atpracticalresultaThis Company have now In use at water stations, five of the •J8-lnch CMoric Engines, whlc i have been fir sev«al montha woflcfoog pumps for racing-water for tbe supply of Locomotive Engines. Thus far, they have proved entirely satisfactory, sndfuliy meet our expectations and I see-no reason why they should! 'not continue to do so. The great amount of labor performed for \i the small quantity of fuel consumed, Is incredible.Reported by•hangrd-, sales to-day 8 STO bales. Corn TVSrOc. Whisky 23c^Freights to Liverpool in foreign ships 9- 16d.MoKiue, Jar . 13.—COTTON—Saw to-day. 5,000 bales at 10J®asfc, for Middlinf; sales of tbe week, 22,000 bales; receipts las '•reek, 36,4**0 bsles. against 31,630 bales same time last year. Stock at Mobile, 235.845 bales; receipts ahead of last year, Vt 925 bales.Freight* of Cotton to Liverpool. 15/ 32®Jd; to Havre, 1 M B c Fmvi.nm.PHiA, Jan. 14.,-Fi.OCR dull; Superfine,* $ 5 50© * 5 eji WHEAT firm: sales 4,000 bnsh.; Bed, &\ 34; "White, * 1 40&$) 50. CORN doll; sale* 2,000 bush. Yellow at 76cY ours truly,C C S HELLEY, No. 68 Borclay-Bt. NEW-YORK, June 27,1859.J. B. KITCHING, KHQ.—Dear Sir: In reply to your note as to how our engine works, itaffords.-us much pleasure to soy that it . nsweis our purpose, so far, very well, W o have boon runningt tho post two months, attached to one of Hoe's modium cylin- der presses, and a Ruggles' card press, and tho quantity of work performed by it is fully 1,000 impressions por hour, and at time? as n,uch as 1,200 to 1,800. The quantity of a full day's consumption of coal, weighed, proved fifty-hve and a half lb , being, at $ 5 25 per tun, the, price paid, about thirteen cent* per day; and the attention required was given by one of tbe hoys in the office. These facts we cor lially give you, and would add that our experience warrants us in recommending your engineTelegraph,• ain, uniform, and entirely nufficient. ^"£Sr il. The Machine is not attended with the numerous perils that attach to the Steam Engine, and make it "so uncomfortable anddangerous a servant; but, on the contrary, it is absolutely free from danger.III. It requires no engineering supervision. Any person may take charge of it, or it may be kept in action by a few minutes'raoTiNOin steady: Hess PORK, $17 5>&17 50. LARD, lie. attention of the workman who is using its jower.Mr. J. B. KITCHING—Sir: Tho ei^htecn-inch Caloric Engine, lately purchased of you, I think I have fairly tested, and it has exceeded my utmost expectation!). I WSHfearful at first of its not baying sufficient power to carry one of Hoe's double medium cylinder presses ^or which it was purchased), but find that it woiks to a charm, and, I think, would carry two of thorn with easo. There is no fear of a " blownp " no need of an engineer, as a boy can tend it; and as for expense in coal, it does not roquirc any more than would keep on ordinary stove. Y ou aro at perfectThe on« at Jordan Station performs the labor of four men, (ata cost of $25 each, p*r month, I at an expense of 96-100 of onecent per hour, to raw*" 2.2*>u gallons of water a distance of 27 feet,the auction being 9, and the discharge pipe 18 foet, the coal cost*ing $ 2 75 per tun. One of the same size, at 8nvannsh Station,do*«» the labor of ive men at a cost of about 11 cents per day,making a saving of over $120 per month. ,No additional help isrequired to attend them; the station agent or switchman do thisin conncatlon witi their otber dutie*. iS« Forsyth-**' v^ ***43*°' fS^StSS pa"WHrraX* sterdy at 26cCINCINNATI, Jtn. )4.—Fioca dnll and unchanged. "WHISKYfor all similar work.YourB respectfully,J. B. ROSE & Co.IV . It consumes a very small amount of fuel, say 83 per cent ofthe Stesm Enri«e^and requires no water. $lt>.«l Lard, 10c "V. Does not raise the rate of Insurance.iS^fthilectore.^-firm at 20#8«f>lc. >lo** dull: sales of 1.200 at $ 5 9 0 © * 6 4 0 ;aeeeipfo to»d«y. 1,500. PROVIMOXS les% buoyant; Mess Pork,NEW-YORK. Dec. 8, 1859.. MR. JNO. B. KITCHING—Dear Sir: The 18-inch Caloric En- gine purchased from you l»Bt Spring we find a complete success. It rcqnircs no more attention than an ordiniry stove, needs noE X C H A N G E 8 .It is employed for working printing presses; hoisting gear forW e have, decided to use.the Engines at all Stations where we are compelh-d to supply Locomotives oy pumping. I inclose herewith ah order for ten, in addition to tne nu nber already inCINCINNATI, Jan-14.—Sight Kxchange on New-Yerk $ ^ cent warehouses, docks and ships; mills of various descriptions; Xfeminm for nuTrency, ana |®J ty cent premiam for go'd.liberty to make use of U.»s note, an testimony of the successfulworking of one of your engines, ah applied to tho printing busi- engineer, and is in reality run a portion of the year without ex-Siaht ExchiDjiu on New-"Vork \ ty cent discount, .Exchange pnmps of all kinds, from those used in rai'lng water iu housespenco. as it consumes no mora cool than wonld be used in a stove for warming purposes. W e find the cost ^about 12 cents per day for driving one of Boc's Medium presses. It would drive two with equal facility. "We are frequently called upon by pcTHons desiring'to see it in operation, and always take pleasureuse. IYours truly,C. VIBBARD, Gcn'lSuperintendent.in tbe most tefhcient manner, by being mode to actuate Caloric 1st *Ai> .V. S. Palmar, /rem Shanghae— Mrs. LambuTtt and Engines.XJUXATVIUS UXA.IAC.• • » . • - 1:457:27 | Sets. 4:53 I Moon—Rises... « « » »AT»n T B » DAT.J. B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir: Iu r«ply to your note of in- quiry,'respecting tbe working of our Caloric Engine, we orebup- py to state that it gives un good satisfaction. It drives our double medium Adams pre*8 with the greatext eaae,. aufl there is surplus power enough to run another of tbe noine ilzo. .We are «atisfiod t\ at but little fuel is necessary; from casual estimates, we thiuk that 17. cents' worth of Lehigh coal (costing here $ 7 50pcri tun) would he sufficient to run the engines ten hours * day. It re- quires no extra ottendance, ndd does not raise the rate of insur- ance. Besides these advantages, which aro sufficient to bring these Engines into general use, there is that of heating the room in cold weather from the "exhaust" or escape ho»t, which, however, can he carried off In summer. W e nave heretofore need steam pow'pr, and still have our ol 1 engine and boiler on hand,but woald not be willing to return to its use, even if the change in machine* could be nade withou: expense. For printing offices) and m>chnnical'RStab1ihbmcnt8, where a limited amount of pow- er Is required, these Engines ore invaluable, and will rupidly toko tbe olacc of Btesm.' Pr-Sandy H o o k . . . 6:17 ! «!«•. Islssxd... 6:07 I HeB-Oate 7:47The price to us was $750, and for setting up with pulleys,kc,MARINEJO URNAL.CALORIC ENGINES IN USE. Among the Caloric Enginea in use, w e are permitted to referto tbe following, viz.:Messrs DTJSCAN, SBRT&VAy k Co.'s BAXK. THE METROPOLITAN BANK.pumping.T. W . STRONO, Job Printer, and Proprietor of The YankeeTREDWELL k PELL.No. 35 STATE-ST., NEW-YORK, Nov. 22,1859.PORT OF NEW-YORK..s^*e«jreo...JAJT. 14.B .KITCHINO, ESQ. (Caloric Engine Agency).—Dear Sir:Steamships—^Florida, Crow ell, Savannah, S. L . MitehOl k. Son; Qsaker City. Schufrldt, Havana, Harxoos Bros.; Yorktown, Parish, Norfolk, Ladlsm k. Befncken; >fsrion, Foster, Charles- ten, Ppofibrd k TilesVn»; Potomac, Matscn. Norfolk, H. B.'Croaawell b. Co ;Patap»»co, Lay field] Portland, H. B. Cromwell p t Co.; Paydro del Ocean (Span.), Ytedmont, Havana, J. M. Ci- *hallos.Ship—Mamsloke, Pike, Boston, CurtU k. Peabody. Bscks—Cienlueg>t, Cole, Cienfu«gos; J. C. Nichols, Nichols,AXXKICAX EXCHANOK BANK.',Jiataaaas, Walsh, Carver fe Chase; W. C. Clark, t>««gt)tt, Hav- . AJLZX. SHAW'S "Wire EitabrUhment.'NA 194 West Mth-st., 12-ana: Akoeva, Ksrtlntf, Valparaiso..Britf—Suwannee, Monroe, St. Mark's; Boh to, Bartl«tt, Per-nambneo, Baeot at Band«U i Germe <Fr >, Charl', Aspiuwsll, Post At. Small; Gen Pierce, LaDien, Matanaas.inch Engir>« for working hi* machinery. 'C. C. SHKTXKT, Job Printer, No. 68 Barelay-st., 18-inch Engine,working bis Presses.FITCHBURGR. R. CO., Boston,, an 18-ineh Engine, for pumpinginto operation.W e are, dear sir, very truly yours, STIMl'SON & NEILSON.B. B. NosTXAjin, esq-, Nostrand House, Sands' Point, 12-inch, SteanMhip Yorktown, Sarrish, Norfolk — hears, mdse. and for pumping.our goods are very heavy, such as ?3ugarp. Molasses, ke,, but even 'these wo con sena up at either hatchway with great speed. The rapidity, »nd safoty with which we transfer goods from the ex- treme points in our warehouse, since we have had these bolsters, make our upper siories far more valuable, and we should not know how to pet on at all in tho old mode of bointing by mon. The expense of running the engines is so inconsiderable, com- pared with the work done, and time saved each day, that it isnot worth mentioning.If>ourfiiend,Cfpt Ericseon,hadnever;inventedanythingbut these Hoisting Engines, and you had done nothing but aidI am, dear sir, yours, very respectfully,JOHN ANDERSON.WASHINGTON HEIGHTS. Feb. 3,1859. JonN B. KITCHINO, ESQ.—Dear Sir: I take pleasure instating that the Caloric Engine, furnished by you for my house at Wash- ington Heights, gives entire satisfaction; and 1 would recom--pass, to Ludlam & Heiaekws.Bark Laoreatta (of Boston), Gaudy, West Coast of Africa Nov.J. A. RONALDS, esq., of Pelham, in the Caloric paddle-wheel yacht, named "Caloric," two cylinders of 18-inches each, in a boat of 60 feet in length. Also, double 82-inch Engine, In a beau-2, viafw««rpo/t 12 hoars, wnere sbe put in for a harbor, ps'm oil,Ivory, and gum to E. R. Wsre SLCO CaDt. G. reports having ex-perienced heavy weather on the passage, sprung foremast, and tiful propeller yacht, 15 feet long. lostforetengallantmast;wastowedtothiscitybysteamtug FRENCHkWMRAT,NO.18Ann-et.,24-inchEngine,fordriv- Yankee.bly furnish it.Yonr»>, kc.,THOMAS W. STRONG, No. 98 Nassau-st.• • . '. -.•'>*',^.•< (Srksson's (Erotic (Ktijitte.13 "giRICSSOKAs far as reRards economy, too muob cannot be sdd.. W^e have.used about one tun of coal y>er month, for im ho*ire per day's'voork. arid this, wo think, may bo set down as about the average.Wedonot.donhttbut,withstricteconomy,itmightbemade usedtotbo"mercbeen." Woworkodattbo'slowestrateof even (ens than thitt; but we have placed it at a fair figure. There speed our'cone pullovs will supply, pud we somehow thought wo isnodangerofexplosion,nochargeforincreasedinsurance; in- madeaboutnsnmny'impre«ri'>ns perhourastwomenhavebeentK K W . T O B H 'W jsv TXRY LARGE FAFF anttshed every Sannco AT 1 sussoca, ia advance>•Tbret IStTenCopiesfor#12;Twe 2aTairfer EumbecsA the rat*oGENERAL AGENCY AND' DEPOT 490K THR SALS OF CALORIC SKOtSBS.No. 164 Duane-«t., corner of Hudson, New-York. OTNO. B. Kir CUING.EBICSSON'S CALORIC ENGINE,deed,theCaloricEngine8«emstobethegreatestinvention which the mind of man ever conceived. It wniinda us always of a human being, made- of lungs of iron, arms of steel, and sinews of brass, which, by some almost superhuman power, baa been endewed w th the ability of Inhaling the atmospheric air,* and. as it expels it, produces power and action not unlike tho real, living, W a < h W man of flesh and blood. ' For all light work, where only ordinary ptwor is required, :tbo Caloric En- gine must come into general use. Printing presses, light manu- facturing, &c, are especially adapted to them. Upon plantations we should think they woald ho just tho article needed. Theireeonomy.In fnel and labor—for any intelligent man can learn to run one in a week—mmit render them popular for general uio. A s far as our experience goes, w e canuot to highly rccommond them for all purpose* where a limited amount of power is wanted. Ours is about the capacity of four or fire-horse power,makingforusonouroldcylind.rpreac. Wedothiseasily,and, have three faster rates of speed which wo can usowlth equal facility. Or iu other words, we believe we can print with aa much rapidity as tho papers can be put OD, say from fifteen hun- dred to two thouRandan hour. .Wo will not aay moro on this subject now, lost we tire our readers; but to our cotemporafWthroughout the South, and to all others who take un interest in mechanics, w e cheerfully ex- tend on invitation to drop in and seo the "elephant;? perform, and judge for themselves. The engine will usaoliy bo at work ftom'cight o'clock in the morning toolght o'clo'ok in the evening; for the present we are unable to say at what hours our prp«seB( may ho seen in operation, though from the moaner in which our frh-nds oro handing In their job work w e suspect our presses will hove to be kept running all day long, and may oe io the night too.However, " lay on MacdutF," for with our present facilities we aro prepared to! do large quantities of printing of every siylf, quality and price. , .. ...thecheapestandsafestmotivepowerinu*e. Weare.dearsir, continuetodoitswo'kaswellformanyyears. Ihavegreat fidti - • T ( ours, respectfully, CHARTERS k BRO. v In it; and belie*e thatin tbit age of ^r^vinftinrtnti<m»,iti»t *address of each scl aoorewiObeIndeed, this Engine is of universal application, wherever a limi-ed, economical, safe, independent, and self-managed motiveGAZKTTK AND COURIER OFFICE, NORTHAMPTON, Mass., Nov. 18,1858.>poweris"Upward of two hundred of these Engines, ofthe various sizes,.TMK BANK O» NKW YORK—each j a 12-inch Engine, used foring you for the Introduction of Ericsson's Caloric Engine.It re-,Subject: TH» <*I i^Sehlalinakt^.•vSuwos, YBH»1J«* .msisent a Mstory <of Cuba.E. A. WHARTON, a 24-inch Engine, for The Brooklyn DailyTranscript.Head Oct. Z9l teas and shk to A. 'A. Low k Bros.: experienced WHITHAX k LAWRENCE, an 18-inch Engine, to drive ma- JOHN B. KITCHINO,. KHQ.—Dear Sir: I have now usod| tho will speak for itself.foe oft' the light-shin. .Shi/» N. B. Pslmer (dipper)., Frisbie, Shanghae Sept 29. Javapublish this letter, if it will be of any service, and to refer anyprincipally tended by ahoy. iVery truly yours, JOHN RUSS, M. D., SuperintendentP. S.—The results arrived at as above wore from a trial of four days.NRW-YORK, Feb. 8,1859.J. B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir: We take greit pleasure In having it In our power f> speak in the moat unqualified praise of th© performance of tho 12-Jnch Caloric Engine we bought of yousrme months since.Brig Looist. Adams, THzahethport, coal, for Boston.Brig Mohawk, Small. Elkabethpert, coal, for Boston.Schr Q.uivci (of DeouU), Ooaoe, Kingston, Jam., Dec 25, ing, &.C.hood soon, and shall call on you. Very truly, yours,• IL. HORATIO BIGELOW.last three weeks two twenty four-Inch Cnloric Engines, which hovo have been employed in driving tho drilling machinery em- ployed in drilling tho keel of tho iron ship I am now building, undjhotthoengineshavebeenrunningconBtantly(onlyresting onSundoyw),nndthattheyareinthemostperfectordor,show- ing no marks of injurious wear, but, on"the contrary, an im- provement in efficiency from increased smoothness of workiug.DUNCAN, SHERMAN k Co. JOHN B. KITCHING, esq.—Dear Sir: I take pleasure in hayiug it in niv powor to speak in the most unq alined prawe oi tn«»srugar. coffee, pimento, ice, to master; aaied in company with hark,Sarah, Stevens, snd brig Norfolk, Emery, both for New- York;brigJ.W.Lovel,forSt.Ann'sBaytoloadforLondon; *MpHome,forNew-Orleans;Dec.26,onMorsntPoint,sawtheBr. steamer from St. Thomas, for Kingston, Ja.Schr. Sarah Jane, Dickcrson, Ellzasethport, coal, for New-Baven.Schr. John Lozisr, Smith, Elizabetbport, coal.O) :o. S. CASS, Skaneateles, a 24-inch Engine, for propelling yaclt.D<'DGEkORATTAN,NO.5CGold-nt.,N.Y.,an18-inchEngine, for i riving printing-presses.U) noN MCTUAL INSDRANCE COMPANT, a 12-inch Engine, for pun: ping.No. 335 BROADWAY, cor. ofWorth-it., > performance of the 12-iuch Caloric Knglne. that 1bought qi yon NRW-VORK,Feb. 15.1859. JSchr. Morning Light, Somera. Virgima 3 days, oysters.Schr. 'Widow Wadman, emith, Bostou 3 days, fish to master. pun ping in mines. • , F«br. W. R. Genn, Bacos«Boston 3 days, mds«. te matter.Steamer Ospray, Kenney, Proridence, mdse. te Isaac OdeU.MAea. CALORIC ENOINE Co., S. GROTON, MASS.—(Jcntle- out the aid of man, hone, or steam power, that is tho operation men: It affords mo pleasure to inform yon of too on;iro success'J. B. KiTcniNO, KHQ.—Dear Sir:D; !*IKO JARVIS, Boston, " T win" 24-inch Engine, for driring glasi-cutting machinery.r J. ANTHONT k Co., Sacramento, Cal., a " Twin" 24-Ihch En: gine, for driving printingrpresses in the largest printing-office inCJiornla.;S: •ixpt-ON k NEILSON, » 24-inch Engine, for use In a pottery. J. DVDEFKKE7., Indianapolis, an 18-inch Engine, for drivingpri» ting presses.,J. R. CMXEVKS, Savannah, double 24-inch Engine, for pro-1>C0staves,valuedats>19.00",wasburnedat«ea- Nopartiuu- pel)ingyacht. ,-',...pleased to hear my report upon the working of tho twelvo-iuoh nominal, snd warms the rooms at the same time.BEJ.O.W— <?hfp Pacific, HaU, from New-Orleans, mdse. to W s v Nelson k. Sons. »Caloric Engine, that you caused io bo put up for mo, ot " HighCottuge," Westchester Co., last Fall, 1 now take pleasure la Bay- extend to all an invitation to call and see the engiue work at ail ing to you that it worka to u charm—to my entire satisfaction— rimes. Respectfully, H. C, LEE, Agent accomplishing as much labor and at as small a cost of niel as 1 '•:'•' ""WORCESTER, Feb. 22,1839. had been led'by you ar.d others to anticipate; and cordially re- 3. B. KITCHINO, K!<Q.~D*ar Sin W e are oertaiu that you wOJ commend the principle to all "tlfoao requiring such services as bo glad to know bow well the 12-inch engiue ia doiug. Without. theae machines are calculated to perform.'^ •CHAXM!«T05, Jan. 13.—The ship Charlotte, from New-OrleaiwR.W.MONTGOMERY. Ieinc able to say how much it realty is doing, from tho nature ot . tho woik perfor med. we can »peA of it iu high couimendatlonaeTns AMERICAN EXCHANGE BANK, > UIng evoiytbiuu which it has been njcouuneuded to be, f«* NKW-YORK, Feb. 20. 1859. J iorn.teg the work"to our entire »atiSf«ctlonVwi»h V**TM*TMTM*.-&•SAILED—Bark Claxa,"Windsor, for Port-au-Prince. WIND—Duxiug the day, from S. to 8. W.sg . • • • • - ' 3- •. "MHmmmUamj See,Jen 2, boond to Liverpool with a cargo of 3,202 bales cotton andVery respectfully,lasa. The C. was built st Bath, Me., in 1856, 998 tuns register, xated A li. and owned by Nesmith it Son of New-York, and isonthatoci'u.*;l<>ii,oatoelicitmanycongratulatoryremarksontho faction. t en ire success ol our enterprise in h-ing the first in Virginia tointroduoe the Caloric Engine as a motor.Yours, fee, • ASttBELVVAITE..\'_•PlHBTERB' WAUKHOrKW, No. 1R Dutch Bt.)•B.KITCHING,Esq.—Deo-rSir; ThoCaloricKmrfnefor- offuel,nottoexceedhalfabushelo'c-»alperday. Tf*.^0*^li*mr*d in Wait-nt-[By telegraph.• We do not like to say all wo think ubont this motor, lest woshould be called an enthusiast; but wo rouily believe the CaloricEngineisdestinedtoproduceaperfectrevolutionInmechanics,bjrrinkingthopowertodrivemachinerysosafe,socheap,and riencewithregardtotheCalorioEngin«wopurchasedofyou. «o simple, us to induce manufacturing In Southern communities, We are free to say that wo wore tather disappointed, uud In- wherethewagesofaaengineertorunantounienginemakcn.it• KBW-ORLEANS,Jan.15.—Arr.shipsMacauley,and FarNEW-YORK, July 7,1>859. Jtx fortius, and In reply we mont cheerfully express our expe-W A orrnrTT*v * T o. *oT e k 5 S ' * P k 'S*CKRTT,BELCHERk IncJ,forlioistlng.•Co.,Nos.26and28Pearl-ht.,double32-I.WASHBURNkt v Veryrespootfully, PRICESOFTHECALORICENGINE. ' • tB yWest from New-York; Cavalier and Margaret, from LondonA«TTU.andJosephLaxnat,fromLiverpool;Canada,fromBath.calinitsworking.Jan. 15. sunset.—Ship N. B. Palmer, Bcoeks U* Rfo Grande; brig Caura for Oibralter; bri^ Ysnkoo'gtfKT LApAYZTrjl.4MB Woo*ing. and one hrk passing up the Narrows; brig U. C.iblisL^<_BladeforCharleston,*udJtimn. brigSt-JagoforPort-au-Platte,:}1 gAJTDTBOOK, J«iiIS.MX+CP?!**** * -'cultyisobviated,andwithaCaloric Engino requiringprobably twenty minutes' attention sll day long, our mechanics can get all the motive power they want for ten or twelve cents a day—moregoodword for "Ericaaon'a CaloricEngine." '•'•Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069formed'by the CalorioEngine,withtheexpenseof leasthan a 18-inchEngine. .*.... peck of eoul weekly, and very satisfactorily^chinery in tobacco factory.JEVVERI< it'BKO., No. 181 Bioadway, a 24-inch Engine, for driv-ing machinery.M. KEIPPRR k Co, Cbambersburg, Pa., a 24-inch Engine, fordriving printing presses.D. DEVLIN, a 12-inch Engine, for pumping at country seat.engine purchased of you on the 8th ult, one month ; it has been run steadily sll that tlnio, and to my entire satisfaction; inj fact we hove too much power for our use, when • the fire i« properly attended to. There is a tendency on tha part of my workmen to think that since the endue works without water or steam, she should run without fire also, and when the engine has seemed to. foil in what w e expect from it, I have alwaj s traced it to neg- 1' ct of firing. I think tho eugine a complete BUCCOMS, and to anyJOHN P. ROBERTS. NEW-YORK, Fob. 11, 1859.JOHN B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dcxr Sir: In W>ly to your nite asking me how I am satisfied with the 12-inch Caloric Engine purchased of you about seven months ago, I would say that I doubted, at iirat, the capability of the engine to do my work; but my doubl s ha^e long aince boon removed by tho « wo and relia-•eat.Very truW yours,TIFFANY k Co. Re*p«ctfully yours, ANGELL k Co.B. E. CLAEK& C>., an 18-inch Engine, for driving printing pres es in beg factory.tokens per day, but the second day after the engino was put upI worked off 22 tokens between 1 and 6 o'clock p. m., and wasYours, tic, ALEXANDER SHAW. NEW-YORK, March 18,1859.we used ateam power, at less than half the expense- NEW-YORK, Feb. 11, 1P59. :••• ,.•;•:This Motor may be confidently pronounced one Of tbe greatestboons which the ingenuity of man has ever bestowed upon his but a double one of tho same size makes eight or ten-horse power,B^aoiMBrace., From the earliest ages, the unreliable and fluctuating powerscapable of almost any kind of ordinary work.rewarded on Suturday afternoon last by nef.-iug ono of the most H >n- J. M. KCNKLK, Fredericks, Md., a 24-inch Engine, for beautiful and ingenious mechanical operations performed, with-J. B. KITCHINO, ESQ.WM. B. M O F F A T . have purchased a.a.all «team-en?in^;i but the tact of^uojaddi- tional rate of insurance \» iug charged hy our underwriters, in- duced mo to tn your engln-. and thus.for, I am more than satis-NEW-YORK, Fob. 1G, 1859. fied Y,ith my purchase-it having in many w ^ » f « , * ° « ^ < £ Presuming thut you will ho my most sanguine expectations. The consumption of coal i»PRINTING. TESTIMONY OF THE PRESS.GEO. S. COE, Vice-President. 8-inch Cylinder..#»•••«••»•••••* 200 00 h ,••.•-. !>':• .; it. *W'From The New-York Evening Day-Book. EERICSSON'SCALORICENGIN.LM.-• i3f.,at tansoea«e, and would, -wf think, run another atriall n one.bletrarely gets out of oTder, and in our case, what little troublo te dispense with tha^oHUol stoves, or ranges for hoatluaj. your wenavehadwithithasrem/itcdentirelyfromnotperfectlyun-; roomsInWinter,as.thoexhausthootissufficienttowormasnd pump, which you pm up for me at my house in J****TM***'the tank in shout two hour* pumping, which Is sufficient supply ATt Is r*lio-detstanding it. . "X, '\. rlarge-building by being condicted over It in suitable pipes. £ On Btarthig our eiglne and press everything being ne » and the jr>umt)l8 htirl the rafe of speed attained was only such as tbo ox- perlnesii of the 'feeding boy " could accommodate, until ho g«tsing rilver plated'ware, and consequently we baven-e-* the en- gino for spinning, tnining. buffing, ^burnishing and solderine-mot- nlc—fall (bcsedtfli-rcnt operations going ou at the same tune. W« cheerfully >ta»e ibat it. bat-performed all tho work guaranteed for its size; and would add that we have been surprised at Its capac- ity, conridt-7Ingwe hav* r-m on a costof ten.-cents"or therea- bouts, for fnf 1, pi-r day, and requiring tho arten<fance of only anor h°lf th" week. To fill this tank 6y hand pumping wooM re- qui-e (he labor *f a man for a whole day. Any man of • • « » £ intelligence can work it, and the amount ot foeJ used is a mere trifle. It ia, therefore, extremely simple, and every way.econ-*W o have one of theso much-talkod-of hot-air motors in oursteadier than our Kttle steam-engine, and Is of sufficient power to do all.our work. It takes but little fuel and no water.Those who are at all curious in such matters as seenc an engine Imining without steam, are invited to call and look at it.NKW-YORK, Jan. 11,1859. Mr. KITCHING—Bear Sir: I have had in n*o one'.of your Caloric Engines (an eighteen-inch) for four months, and the sutiB- faction it has given induces me to send you the following, as a matter ofjustice, and for thq information of those who may be indoubt:Tbe engine drives two presses—a Hoe's Cylinder and a Gor-don alligator (large size), at the rate of from ton to twelve thou- sand iniprestionB a day each press, with perfect ease, and at.an txpeni>e of from 20to 25 cents—coal, wood, oil, Arc., included— 'or.each day. Itrequires no engineering attendance, one of my •mallest boys seeing to it. It is porfently safe, does not raise tho7ate of insurance, and, I think lean safely assort, will pay for .tself in ono year.What muses me feel more satisfied in regard to its SUCCOSH, is my having purchased It In defiance of the repeated di»suasions of thove who protended te know in regard to ita meiit, and who prophesied notbinebnt failare. But my experience thus far has proven that the only failure baa been in their prediction*.months, driving HOO'B double cylinder press, and always found it to come up fully to its requiremeritB.When wo first started this engino we thonght it a wonderful day. hasber 1 Wif' Th«^ateTat this station is drawn from the riverNotions Newspaper, 24-inch Engine] used for working his press-es ; requiring about o-horee power, and .'consumes 80 pounds quiries from distani; ports of the country relative to the Caloric. pounds. TbiH is tho greatest invention of tho ago, au with this'^edtetb*earrh ..: 5»ciu,i31ntirarir;8tatltation of the air..piacricJ subjects g? "1" %otxi of Education "mncbnaefnl intom lor each Lecture 2 -alac>»: At the BooZZfiot C.S:Tr* s* *ZCvi& library, ^ o.of coal per day. I J.hove had personal experience. All th"-je, however, have been removed by the Caloric Engine.wbich has been in successful op- eration In my house, for pumping purposes, for seven or eightmonths^ Beloro the eugine was put np, I hod tbo tank filled twice » week by bandrpower, and each pumping spoiled the bet- ter port of adoy'swojk for an able.bodied man; with all this, I was sometimes obliged to call upon the house servants, or be short of tbe required^ supply. But the little Caloric Pumper does the work in about half an hour a day, at no expense of sin- ews, and whh no grumbling or hard fooks, while i am. sure to havenolackofwater. Itrequiresquiteaslittleattentionasvantages, great as they are, we count as nothing, compared to the personal sa'isfact'on derived from the consciousness that we> are mtio danger from erp!osi'»ns; and for these reasons we shall - be happy to seethem brought into general ase. YVe feel a jnsfc f-ride in the fart that we w*ro tho first to practically put thentSehe^Ders/—Maria Looiaa. Cumuifeign, FaU River, master; J.M. 'Wanvn, ChapnrMn. S«w-Ua.nen, master; Ocean Wave, War- at Waltham Station. This Engine,' which has displaced a gine io do. Finding it did the work stipulated with great/ease,MISCELLANEOUS.N. Y. JUVENILE AKYLCTSJ WASHINGTON HIGHTS, )175th-st.,Jan.29,1859. Jt•-..r - T o w . N o . 8 9 VV the door oftlw Inser. "Washington,'i elf«i» k. Bon».; M. E. Parmelee, GaskiU, "Washh.jjton: J. H. Seguine, Ellirf, Charleston, H. Reimers; Hero- laa, Chau-plain, BsHimore. J. W. McKee^ Selena H«l«n,Nick- •rsen. Pesuacola, Post, Smith & Co ; Lattice. Smith, Boston. J. W . McK•*»>; W<M»OW, Hslioek,. Bristol, J. Kenny; Euphemia, Moiton, New-O'leans, S. W. Lewis fc Co ; Lilly, Francis, 8a-Steam-Engine, rated at "-horse power, draws water from a pond 450 feet-distaut, and tills the reservoir at the station in one hour and ten minutes, the time occupied by the Steam-Engine in do"I was induced to bring » j Adaini' press from Ann-»t., where we have.steam-power, and put that also upon the Caloric. /This, too, was driven so hand-omely. that I deteriniuud to remove my large "Xankee Notions pret«, also on tho same premises, and make the little Caloric print The Yankee Noti6hs, which it would do by throwing off tbe otheryalthough at the tinn 3 «n remonstrated against it, saying '* the engine could not drive it " However, I proved it could do more than you claimed for it. and have had tho great satisfaction of doinrr all my work withthis engine ever shict-; yet I have known, that the ensine WHS overtaxed, os no engine ought to be. I fuel pleased to verify your assurances to me as .to the economy in fuel, having run the engine upon one bushel of c^l per day. The porter of our store has been the engineer. Having understood tiiat you have some engines nearly finished, of considerable more power thantbe one I have, you will please consider this as an order for- oue of them and I shall be glod to learn at what time you can proba-your assurance led me to expert, and the amount of fuel requiredto run it ia not worth mentioning. 1 look upon tho Caloric En- %OHN B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir .- The twelve-inch gine as a matter of prime necessity for housekeepers who havo Caloric Engine at tbe New-York Juvenile Asylum has been ia any pnmping to do; and if I can at any time s*y or do anything use for nine months, ax.d baa done exceedingly well—having;Ofthe**Antbor-b •"-' ''the City Assemblying the same work having been two and a quarter hours. vanaah, MeCiwady, Mott k Co. ?Yenloo, Closaen, Antlgaa, PosT have also an Engine at South Groton Station. •tt SumXL ., Steeoe*—Boston, Sellew, Philadelphia, ¥. Perkins.JUrirz-red.Shin Margaret fcyans, Wazner, London Nov. 20, and 52 days jfcattt Isle of Wight, mdse. and pass, to E.' E. Morgan.—Dear Sir : In reply to your note asking how wo are pleased that will communicate the result of my experience to the pub- worked from fifteen to twenty hours per day, where the pump- with the Ericsson Hoisting Engines, put into this and the two lie, or particularly to those .who a>e sufi'ertng tho same annoy- ing is of the most trying kind. It draws the water a distance of,TheyJo>»N AKnRRsON, esq., 8-inch Engine, used for pumping, at his residence in hiadison-av. snd 38th-st.JAJ«K» H. STIXPION, e«q., Baltimore, 24-inch Engine, used for driving machinery, and also a 12-inch Engine, for p-imping.KVEMNG, Jan.3C 36Friace-«t.S s M M s a f T e n u SONY DlYiaiO^ ve not procured^'.on JBONOUGil, Stent en *t.; J*.-1 JlcGOW AN N<rEssex-st- Trinity YotBark Wieland (Brem.), Ostermann, Bremen 48 days, mdse. ing their printing preases.sotd pass, to Cbas. Lnling, Dec 6; lat. 49 N., Ion. 7 W., foil in •STKWARD'S Warehouse and Storage, No. 15 State-st, for Ericsson's Patent. During that time it has worked.lo our entire claims upon the gratitude,of the community.Yours, very truly,GEO. LEWIS, JR. NEW-YORK, March 14,18*9.with a Br. bsrk bailing from London, who appeared to be in dis- trees, were ship and lay too; saw a boat low«red fram the bark, and all on board appeared to get into it; the wind was blowing agale from N. W > ith a heavy ses. snd it coming on dark, lost eight of the boat; lay too for three hours, but could see no signs •(her. Cap*. O. thinks a Ihands perished.Brig A. b. Cook (of Cherry held). Means, Santa Cruz, Cuba, 25 days, mahogany eeder. Sec, to Edmiston Bros.; Dec 25,off Cape jLbfnio, spoke brig IilHan of Bastport for Attakapas. .-,Brig Emily Fisher, Staples, Eastport 5 days, laths and fish to JBrctt, Son k. Co.8ekx. Erie. Coombs, EKzab«thport, coal, for Fall River.Schr. Governor, Hooper, Calais 10days, 1amber to Thompson It Hunter.Schr. Moril**, Pettlgrew, New-London, for Virginia.Schr. Bay State, Hallock, Boston 3 days, mdse. to Dayton k.Sen*- S. W ., Franklin, Boston 3 days, m d s e to Dayton it ar. Sam^l Oilman, CroweS, Boston 3 days, mdse. to S. W.Lewis k. Co.Schr. Banner, Hayes, Portland 10 days, lumber.Schr. G. L~, LoveU, Boston 3 davs, uad^. to J. W. MeKee. Bebr. Sea D o n Ayery, Elizabeth port, coal, for Boston. Schr Bsston, Haekens, Calai* 7 days, lumber to Jed fry.Sehr. Siak. Foster. Wsreham3 days, ballast to master.Sehz. S. ¥. Sallidsy, Seaman, Boston 3 days, linseed to T. G.4k A. L. Rowe-Sehs. Susan (Br.) Lang. Hali&x, N. S., 12 days, fish and me-lis-t- to Whitman It Brothers.Stesuntut Yankee, Hazxard, Newport 12 hours, having in towhaxk Lasueatta.The brig H. C. Brooka, for Rio Grande, and schr. J, L- Bow-man, fot, Mayagaer, are at anchor in Quarantine.SAILED—Ship Galatea, for San Francisco; bark Teresa, for Maxaealbe.AJso, ss^Bsmships/Tynemouth, for the Mediterranean; Florida, - fur Savannah; Marion, for Charleston; Yorktown, for Norfolk -,working hoisting machines.Messrs. WASHBVRN, Worcester, Mass., a 12-inch Engine, fordriving a pump and light machinery, and a blower.Messrs. CANBT BROH., Philadelphia, a 12-inch Engine, forpumping.Me»»rs. TtyvANT AtCo., No. 550 Broadway, a 12-inch Engine,for pumping.J. R. CHBBVX«, esq., Savannah, 12-inch and double 24-inchEngine, for pumping and other use* on his plantations.Messrs. PORTBR k TOBIN, Baltimore an 18-inch Engine, fordriving.their printing presses.THB/N. Y. CENTRAL RAILROAD COMPANY, five 18-inch En-gines, for pumping water at various stations.Messrs. ANOELL & Co., Packers, No. 158 Chambers-st., a 24-inch Engine, to diive their hydraulic pumps.C. F. HALL, esq., Cincinnati, Ohio, a 24-inch Engine, for driv-ing printing presses.GEORGE W . SLEEPER, esq., Providence, an 18-inch Engine, fordriving large*conee roaster and mill.Drs. SMITH, Homeopathic Pharmacy, No. 484 Broadway, an 18-Inch Engine, for driviug sugar-mills, and bis varied machinery. DT. A ic. B. MoyyATT, Moffatt's Buildings, corner of Broad-way and Worth-st., a 12-inch, for pumping.C. H. Lii.iE5THAL, esq., a 12-Inch Engine, for pumping water,at bis country seat, at Yonkers.R. W . MONTGOMERY, esq., a 12-inch, for pumping water, atsatisfaction. We have not been obliged to 6top an hour for re- pairs, or any other cause. As near as we can judge, witnout ac>ual weight of the coal, we burn eighty pounds to the day of ten hours, during which time we have run off one hundred tokens of press-woik on two piesses. We employ a boy of about six- teen y*-a*s to take charge of the Engine, which he do* s, besides attending to other duties, about one-fourth of his time only beiug required for the Engine. Any further items which"you may wish to have with regard to tbo running of the ^Engine, we shall be pleased to furnish you with at any future time.Respectfully, yours,'FRENCH St WHEAT, Printers, No. 18 Anu-stWe sincerely hope yon may be folly remunerated. Very respectfully yours,ISACKETT, BELCHER k Co. NEW-YORK, Nov. 28,1159.J. B. KITCHING, KKQ,.—Dear Sir: Tho srhall-slzed Cnloric En- Fii<e 1 purchased of you several months since for pumping water at my house at Tarrytown, I am pleased to inform you, works to my entire satihfaction. and has proved iteelf to be all that youW e have had many visitors to see tbe novelty, and many in- • Yours tmly,TRUMBULL k GERE. NKW-YOitk, Jan. 26,1859.JOHN B.KITCHING, ESQ., Agent for Ericsson's Caloric Engine. —Dear Sir: Last Spring I purchased from yoa one of the 24-inch cylinder engines (the largest size you then bad) to •'rivo my three small presses, at No. 93 Nssmau-st., which you guaranteed tho ensimple attachment oi Cant Ericsson's Holster, to our old hoist- ing gear (and which wo think must come into general uso wbeu it becomes Known), wo have tho advantage of working two falls with grcut tpeod, i. e., when tho load- is up with one fall, the other is hooked on ready to go up as soon as tne first is pulled iu, and if not dtsimble to run the, engine for erory trilling package,. •the fall, may be instantly disconnected and wonted by hand. W o con»idei*this a groat labor-saving machine. 11 costs only about 50 cents per day, and tbe labor of many men saved. • •Hoping that. tapt. E . and yourself may bo abundantly reward- ed lor this veiy great benefit conferred' upon the public,1 am, very respectfully joure, A.S.HUTCHINSON.No. 2C PEARJ.-ST., NEW-YORK, Nov. 25, 1859. . JNO. B. KITCHING, Esq., (ErioKNon's Caloric Engino Agency).that 1 will not dwell upon, but of which all my neighbors must extra insurance, and no freezing up of pipes. But aU these ad-NEW-YORK,Fob.25, 1859 Mr. J. B. KITCHING—Dear Sir: We have been running forexaminethoseinUBQatNo.164Duane-tt,feelingconfidentthat the thing iteelf will oonvmce the xrio»t skeptical of its utility.railroadstations,publi'-.institutions,orprivatehouses—4nfacV inanyrplace whei»- pfjvser is required, from the strength of a man. tethat of two or three hones. <t will do for inside or outsider work ;ftho heat can be thrown into the room, or adjoining room, in winter, and tbus far run without expense, as the heat of the coal issaved. and does the work better than any coal-stove, as it give* more life to the atmosphere of the room from its motion. ;Appearances indicate that this new motive power (Air) is only *urpai-8ed by steam; and where <At«will supply sufficient powerreturns to New-YsH He has done well.- He leaves tho engine inmost complete rtrtoing order. In fact"the "Ericsson" ha» shown itself to he a most perfect motor from the first; not a fault either in the construction or power has been developed.The engine does better than even my most sanguine expecta- tions. You did not tell me alL It docs not require tho amount •of uel you represented. To run my eugine, which propels acr«-w would do in four. The main pumps are thirty feet long with 8-inch chambers, and whon both of them are connected with the engine,will avoiago 40 strokes, a minute—a resnlt which no merchiint ship's crow could accomplish, except for a 3hoi t time; • wherens -the engino never tires, and I am convinced that at least four-fifths of the VOBM-IHthat put bock .leaky, would never find it necessary with a Caloric engine on board, in wprkinga bight of about 70 feet, from 175 to 200 gallons of water per hour, and shall, without hesitation, recommend i* to any of my friends who desire to obtain a powor to perform a similar work.gine; snd when the fire goes out, tfie engine will stop of itself, and no harm t-e done; and while running, there is no danger, such ss arises Irom the use of steam.If partiesxvirhiug motivepovser will examine for themselves* befoie pronouncing an opinion on what they have never reen {OT Can from tbe nature of the case, know much of its actual work- ing power and copacity) we think ihey will coincide with ns that . it is the neplit* ultra of new inventions.8. D. BROOKS, Superintendent.P-\-*tPBNCE. Feb. 4, 1859. Mr. J. B. KITCHING—Dear Sir: JPNK eig''teen-inch Caloria Fngine, which 1 have had for the' m two months, gives me en- tire satis action thus far, and i an v* ry much pleased with It. Itpropels my work well, and no doubt will cot tinuo so to do.I can turn the roa>ter with 125 pounds of coffee, and propel th«mill, which you are aware of the po*»er required.)the lust five weeks one of the 24-inch cylinder Caloric Engines, inbiinging them to public notice, you would both have largedouble-cylinder Hoo press, for four hours (astonishing as it is), order. Ther« ore rinny ships with a chronic leak, and to such itJOHN B. KITCHINO, esq.—Dear Sir: The Ericsson Calorio Engine supplied by you to my plumber, works to my entire satis faction, and 1 think, from my experience with it, that it is far su- perior to the old pump. The eng'ue is so simple that I find a toy ten years old can manage It with perfect ease. The quantity of fuel to keep it running ia so small, that I consider It preferable to any othedmode for throwing up water, or any other use theyrequires but one peck of gas coke, costinj? six cents per bushel. Threo thousand impressions of The Doily Press are thrown off per hour. Tbe engine would drive at least two other presses of equal size and capacity.will prove a good investment, even if applied to noothcr pi rpose, enabling them to carry a smaller crew, and to do work at sea which they pay for having done in port. The hoisting m ichine now in use on hoard tho Underwriter, performs its work a Imira-•4*'J.housands have s*-en the engine, and all greatly wonder at it. bly. and is discharging a general cargo of Iron, tin, s-Jt, crates,I will wxite to you in a few days. C.P .HALL'.caKkf. kc,at the rate of eleven tuns an hour, hoisting every draught forty to forty-five feet, employing nine men. besides the ship's carpenter, who attends to the engine and hoisting machine. Its utility will bo more apparent in foreign ports, where horses'^Ji.• • • : •Extract from C. F. Halt's Letter of May 30, 1059.. " The Caloric Engine continues working just as well as ever,and that, you know, iajirtt-rate. It hw not coat mc one contact are not employed in hoisting, winches being almost universallySTATEN IBLANJ), Nov. 11, 1859. JOHN B. KITCHINO, esq.—Dear Sir: It affords me much plea- sure to be able te bear witness to the utility of the Caloric En- gine and Pump you erected in my house. It is everything I could wish; causing little or ho trouble In attendance. The fuel it consumes is, as you stated, very trifiiug It saves much manual labor,andconaequentlyweareclearofmuchannoyanceandgrum- bling from servant*. I havelittle doubt of tbeirgeneral use whenknown. Very truly yours, SAMUEL WANN. NEW-YORK JUVENILE ASTLPM, September, 1858.JOHN B- KiTCHiNQ,,osq.—-Dear Sir: Your r>ote, requesting me to inquire more particularly into tho amount of coal consumed by the engine used in the New-York Juvenile Asylum, has been received, nnd tbe matter thoroughly examined: I find thatfo keep it in repairs. I know it to bo one of the greatest inven- tions of the agel*- \ •/'•used; while its entire freedom from danger, the small consump- tion of fuel and tho focilicy with which auy one can manage it, are advantages requiring no comment. In a double-decked ship,Yours, kc,GEO. W. SLEEPER.SRITH'K HOMEOPATHIC PHARMACT, >- , No. -*84 Broedway, Feb. 19,1859. Jbis country seat,.High Cottage, Westchester County.GEORGE LEWIS, Jr., esq., at Washington Heights, an 8-inch . The following letter from Messrs. French k Wheat giveB ithe where the depth of hold is from-twenty to twenty-toree feet, a-•••••better result would be'obtained, as ten feet would.be saved in everyhoist,which,consequently,wouldbemorefrequent. The engine readily lifts 1,200 lbs. with a Bingle whip purchose, andhis country ieat, at Tarrytown, N. Y.N. Y . JCTBNILE ASYLUM, an 12-inch Engine, for pumping.E. R. WSBB it CO.,a 2<-inch Engine, for driving machinery ing vou that it is a complete success. We have run it regularly any ship, fourteen tuns an hour, allowing foroll ineidentuld- lays.ten hours l5er day, ana often all night, and that without losing aa In forty-nine minutes, it landed on the dock, from the Under- for making printers' materials. houi's time or spending a dollar for repairs, and the engine is writers lower hold, seven grindstones, weighingnearly two tuns KING at BROWN, an 18-inch Engine, for driving skirt-making now, to all appearances, as good os new. It is perfectly tight in each. I take great interest in its operation, und look upon it as aJ. B. KITCHING, ESQ—Dear Sir: The eighteen-incbiCalorio, Eneineyoulatelyputupforusworkssatisfactorily,andbidsfair to oo -Il we shall require of it. The draught of our chimney ie so miserable, we shall *t onre sot about ixnuroving it. This, of course, operates against tbe engine; but from its present perform* once, we feel sure it will redeem all ou> anticipations of this safe,Engine, for pumping.WE.H.TOWNSEND,esq., an 8-inchEngine,forpumping,atresult of n»e months' additional trial of the engine, sincethe receiptoftheirletterofFch.25j . :.Fr«of your 24-inch' Caloric Engine, we take great pleasure in inform- that weight, it will deliver on the dock, from the lower hold ofmany havo prophericd, for it takes less fuel to do tho some workam confident that I shall soon-be able to demonstrate by factsandinterest to you. to know that the la-inch Caloric Engine recently place 1at tho New-London (Conn.) Light House, for tho purpose) of condensing air to blow my air whistle or trumpet, des,gned a*5th-*v.PESANT it BRO., 18 Engines for various purposes in the Island Wo now run four presses with it, one of which is a 81x50 drum owners, will bo moro convincing thau the prospective saving of agive on average of forty-five revolutions per minute. T o producethis binMy satisfactory result great care has'been taken not toput on sufficient coal at once to damp the fire. To effect this we a fop alaim, woik« admirably, and at an expense not exceedinarthan when tirst put in operation.cylinder (Hoe'»), and always hate an abundance of power. Ifigures that it is a money saving machine, which, to matter-of-factYours, very respectfully,I FRENCH k W[IEAT[ Job Printers, No. 18 Ann-st.No. 2 WILHAM-ST., New-York, Nov. 12,1859. .one to the ship Underwriter, where the engiue, if in operation, I am yours, kc 'W « confocB, at the time of making the pnrchaa« w e had many JcyiN A. HALL, a 24-1nch Engine, for driving skirt-making ma- ono requiring the amount of power 1 nse, it is tho most economi- bility with which it drives my rr achinery. Its economy la very doubts of Its practical usefulness; but from the firnt it has donechinery-. cal (in every Kcnse of the word) motive powor that can bo ob- tained. 1 formerly runmy cylinder press with handpower. G. A. SEITU, an 3-Inch Engine, for pumping at country My poor Irishman uaed often to '•brag" that he turned off 20quite certain of the same power the next day, but in my crank-I.FromThoNofolk,Vo.,DayBook.OUR CALORIC ENGINE AND NEW^PRESS.D*ARSIR:Tbetwelve-inch CaloricEnginewhiohIpur- somethreemonthsaince,torunasetoffourpowerKiHtttn* chased of you, for the purpose of forcing water to tho top otmy Machines In my office. ., , . .. , .A-1 After "agonizing" fora week post, in getting our Caloric En-gine and new Fret* up, and in working order, our patience wasYoura, very truly,C. H. DELEMATER. . BOSTON, Juno 12, 1059,(the Moffat) building, perlorms its duty In a perfectly easy and oopucity of doing the work thnt I .hould require ofit. and snoulfl reliable manner, and to my entire satiATaction.such an expensive operation as to preclude the possibility of sue-ceBfcfuJly competing with Northern manufacturers located incities, who make a groat saving by hiring power ut a small cost tended when we brought the machine iuto our promises. How- iromtheownerofalargeengineconvenientlylocate^fortheir ever,wearenowquitesatisfiedwiththe24-IochEnginewenow•; .ws*ne4do»£tJlje Narrows at J« o'clock; brig Helen Jane for St. "M Intended, ere this, to have spoken of the working of the purposes. For such places as .Norfolk, the perfection of the hive—Indeed it goes beyond our expectations, and therefore we of your engine Into the Bank of Now-York, tho labor of a man Double 82-iuch •(>.•> • i 2,600 00 Icfe ; 1I w S f e C l ^ awd-ehr. J„xtk**M»J for Charleston, 10i;D. Caloric Engine is a Ood-seud; for It uses no water, and tbo ob- cannot but recommend it to every person requiring such power.fF**ZEers7*l*ci* ft 13 m. Wind moderate, W. Weather new motor, the Caloric Engine, so well known as the invention taining of a supply of suitable,water for engino purposes has fre- ! The advantage it possessea over the stoum ougiue, as concern- was required a considerable portion of two days every weekThreo cheers for EricBson and Hoe.•'...'•work.NOURSE k Co. No.181BHOADWAT,N.Y., July 19,1859.give out" to it to tno present.for repairs. Our notioris of canse and effect are completely knocked in the head. Tbo effect is GRKAT, while the: cause is really insigniJicanL The engino is not complicated, as some suppose. It is the simplest machine, at a motor, ever invented by man.EricBson, after twenty-seven years of application to the inven- tion of- a Caloric Engine, ,haB at length triumphed. He hasblessed the world.Tho world will now bless him.PRICK CURRENT OFFICE, BALTIMORE, Feb. 5,1859.J, B. KITCHING, Esq— Dtar **r: I am at l^t prepared to give P. S.—We think'we could do more work with your engine if ou my vibws in regard to the Caloric Engines. X shou d hare.*» . r — '"«ts-—-—-"&*&*•>; poiiiin rocomniending it.Very respectfully yours,D O D G E ftWRATTAN,PUMPING AMD MACHINEJRY. BALTIMORE, Feb. 5,1859t$50 additional.J .After considerable experience, it gives me much pleasure to bear testimony In favor of the pair of 24-inch Caloric Engines and Hoistor put into this warehouse by yon. . . .Our platform in the Stute-st. hatchway worked directly by the •nchieu, is whoro we lift our heaviest weights, and wo roodily hoist over 2.000 lbs., at a speed of more than 40 foot per minute.At our Bridge-st. hatch, where we hayo Cant. Ericsson's Cold- Air hoist er worked by th* engines also, and tho power applied to our common v/he«*l, wnich wo can run either way at great speed, say 10 or 80 foot por minute, with seven to ten hundred- Yours,.respectfully,•*!,f'Not a cent has it cost*?.'adjo-nhjg stores, (belonging to Mr. Mead >,we beg to 8»y that they ance for want of water I did beforo getting your engine, I shall more than realize our fxpectntions; As yon are aware many of be glad to do so; and again thanking jou for its introduction,say twenty feet, snd forces up-an elevation of about sixty feet, and along about four hundred foot and supplies all the water for the steam hollers heating, washing, bathing, etc., for the Asylumi and previous to which we bad found the power of a horse unable;.to do the work, unless aided by man-pvwer.itfillsa place as a motive power, that no other invention occu-pies, snd must be of incalculable value • nder circunwtancee where it is inexpedit-ntto have a steam boiler, engine, or engi-ship from sinking. If tho underwriters would reduce the pre- have fed it oa often as once an hour. In my former statement,mium on a Bhio supplied with an engine, they would promote tbe amount of coal used was roughly estimated and hwdly ordi- their own interest us well as the Bhip's. You are at liberty to nary care taken to reduce its consumption, as the engine was20 cen s for 24 hours' labor; thus affording a motor probably equal to two horse power at an expenvo of less than one cent an hour, and so simple, withal, that tue ligbt House Keeper, or bis wife, are fully competent to its management.A Comniitte of scientific gentl-men were sent there to inspect the operui"n of Raid apparatus, Prof. Henry, of the Smithsonisn Institute, being i a chairman, and their report will be made at tho fiiar. meeting of the Light House Board, when, 1 think, the Ca- loric Engine will receive some attention.Very respectfully.ICVL. DAkOLL.NEW-YORK, July 8,18M. JOHN B. KITCHING, eeq.—Dear Sir: Having used one of your 24-inch " Caloric Engine*" for the past »ix months, we can fullyrecommendthem'toanyoneinwantofaafe and economi-' ' ' •\, . .Jfrv>great—not having coat mo anything for repairs, and but a few centsdailyforfuel. The attendance required is vorylittle in- deed, and its perfect safety is an additional recommendation.mun 1 was generally disappointed, as he woe. apt to get stiff fromSkip UNDERWRITER, 24-inch Engine, for pumping, hoist- Hheavy day's work. I had hoped to call on you bt/foro this, but JOHN B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir: I havo to report to you water, we have pleururo in concurring with Mossrs. Titlany k OFFICE OF THE GQFFB PATENT KNITTING MACHINE lwith it lor many timea its cost.H.-ivlng used one of Mr. Kitchlng's small engines, for pnmping I . if 1 have been so busy I could not. 1 hope to he in yJbur neighbor- that I have bad in constant operation, by day und night, for tho Co. in what thoy say of its merit-. AGENCY, No. 514 BROADWAY, Nov, 15,18»9- u> %- „•'•IOHNB. KITCHINO,ESQ.—D«trSir: YoursoftheCthinsL iseddhcourngodwiththe18-InchEngine whichwetriadfir»t, bijit are now fully convinced that we expected too much of it, arjd thatbyit we could not hove accomplished what wo in-Theabovelatrueofthooneplaced,atanearlierperiod,inthe l?.iuobCylu.dor. 18-loch Cylinder.asooO'550 0^•^with tbo force-pump, to fill the tank for tho supply of the upperBar •760 Calorie in otrr press room to drive one of Taylor's largest manufacturing pursuits as require steam power. Now that diffi- cause to change our opinion, we shall certainly always speak a storied of our building with water. Tbla service Is now per- 12-inch Engines..,..........{..of jCapi. Ericsson. On the first of August last we placed a quently deterred the more enterprising from embarking' in such ing Insurance, should certainly recommend it. Until we have4 feet by 1 foot fi inebM* 4foet6inoho* byJfoeu,' 9feetby8feet<Iinches.7 feet by 4 feet. , *', 7 feet by 8 foot. . ._ .;J. B,filXCHfjfO,»6Q,—Deer Sir: Is xoply »0 your fyoxsited single cylinder presses. Since that time it has done allowl work, oa both our daily and weekly editions, which require,E. R. W E B B & Co. ' , * «N *'A**. N. Y., July 11,1859.W e are In rocefpt of yourX1 ft IIAL9iY7FrosidenYBank of Now-York, I 24-lnch Engine.. •»«••»'•>••«•!I 24-inch Engine, douDle. L•«'•'.on m average, constant running for ten hours each day, for power, in fact, than two strong,negro men con_yfold\ which ny;N o 1C M I D JOUK B. KiTCJirNfl—Dear t)ir:I 82-tnch Engino.* • I •«....*wot«UubyottJUkWrj.. NKW-YORK, Jul, C,l**g j ^ ^ j ^ ^ & q S a i W i P Kj every day in the week, exeept Sundays,it rum the press withweuhjcostatleastone dollar and ahalf adtiy. Tt uk of that, |« „,Untitled DocumentYours, very truly,can be applied to.Yours truly,JOSEPH STUART.E«s4ngb«aihe«l •feut.• JEvcoIustODDI^, last Aeadexoy,'' «usrftherthat they are Msee on H >AY»iMEETlNvil » G t J a n . ^ (Attendanceis<"TtectAwn A»eocia-mo. tne zoomoil *v.,>ewtYoi|aa..whenthe]H owLOG11 Only «1 a#roadwav;jgEiiNew and Price 25 < supplied bjAnn-et-. N<Crown Sogreat-!book,thatj *tw e*ceptJ vreeted byl 1sntandht«{ •dvocate.atopies i-r-l*1 HAL:smd ORO! 'Church wi<of 15 .-..'iitj JKew-Vwrl'">>0rit?B true <hat it has been In operation at my house for a short apprentice for oiling and firing up. Ww folly rebornmeud it as period, aay three mon»hs—but Jsee no n ason why it should j»otmoves the only drawback upon the value of property, and theconvenience of residence in this neighborhood. My house is ontbe very aummlt, at the corner of38th-»t. and Madlson-av., andtho *puce through which water must h* raised to the tank iaseventy t w o feet. 1 had numerous household annoyances aslouga* 1 was obliged to have tho water pumped—annoyancesrnond to evciy one having occasion for motive power, to call and neer—all of which are, with this, avoided. It ia the thing tor- Beer.J.P.NEW. ••whitfiad,"oMtb-at.,near8th-4« VrTiat *ochoice oi life pe %:<> in Hope Chap- i Examtnatiju'T<emi>«rai«< »>nt lie Temper TioVa-ci, a: No-Jthe Bev. kr STJI J. 8NOW. ^ai of Yonktr*. TalLE%V1The Imm« to the echo BCTJDDEJh'S n:The la«n&t«r \ b y throwing oim 4o0 more."Iho Doctor gJNO. B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir: The; Caloric- Engine on represented, and can highly recommend it to any of my friends in the place of steam, it is far superior—inasmuch at there is no-•board the ship Underwriter, has now boon iu use for six months, ana is found to'be well" adapted for pumping, loading and dis- chai(ting cargo, warping ship, getting the anchors on or off the how. jiggirig-the chain cables abaft the windlass when weighing i nchor, sotting up rigglnz. and for many other purposes requiring much monuel labor. The hoisting apparatus, as first applied, wa» found to bo unadapted for use on board ship, and was seldom used, but tho pomps have been worked by tne engins wheneverdanger from bursting or roi'apae—in fact, there is noonore dan- ger from fire than from a parlor stove.It p omi*ea to be one of tne greatest lahor-aaving machinea la existence, and Is performing rhe work, os a motive power, that was long expected to be obtained from electrical machines, but which, from their great exi*ense, as well as imperfect work-ing, have thus far buffied all attempts to bring them into practical' use.One great advantage is, that it almost attends to itself, as a fir«> 1 have no difficulty In raising with it from tho well to the tank, can be made in it tbe same as in a stove, and left to work tbe enCINCINNATI, March 2.1859.rewyce—Dear Sir: To-day your boy, Lennon, necessary, sua will discharge more water in anhour than the to the accornrl'shment of that object.for such purposes. Yours, very truly,WM. H. TOWNSEND.Nos. 17and 19 Warren-st.Nos. 54 and 56 EXCHANGE-PLACE, \ . NEW-YORK. June 24. 1859.- JJ. B. KITCHING, ESQ.—Dear Sir: The Caloric Engine whioh I recently purchased from you, for the purpose of supplying ihe tank in the attic of my house with water, I find very well adaptedYoura truly,JOHN T. TERRY. NEW-YORK, tyivember 17,1859.yijmotrth ChaC k M d C b i nnd WEE? asie cheap—* WJLLBOUR,. of tne Jaesxct a-|iik '.«s4>«*cl« 1its work with such perfect facility, economy, and reliability, that,were it out of our power to procnie another, we would not part cal motive power We are.now doin< our work as well as when1kT Y >..that w e can turn to good account, , ItfollillBalltbutyouproml»odforit,andIssimpleandeconomi- lUwpoctfullyyours, «Wor JBo.3o»:Met!opolltau Bank. Feb. 21,1859.J. E. WILLIAMS, PresidentNEW-YORK, Feb. 22,1859. Double 24-Inch................ . « • . . « • •750 «r 1,400 00 1,85000•'•'..I1?24-lnch Cylinder. J.B.KITCHINO,ESQ.—DearSir.-PrevioustotheIntroduction i*2-invhCylinder ••VI'. y*v* p< i . '•:- /> . it-*,..this date, making Inquiry as to the working of the Caloric Enrf»«economic Motor.Respectfully,JOHN O. S. SMITH & SON.At the time 1 ordered this engine, I had many doubts of it-I cheerfully accord to you the privilege of referring to me, an«»..........SPACE OCCUPIED BY| THE DIFFERENT SIZES. ,<k :/8-inch Engine, with pump.......• . - f. .•' *-':•'. K- '•ygR-LIKE for each te1)A?»"8S« w r yTwo Copiesfor" '.—*TbeRev. &»*§§^^Sas^s^cwa: ''-'Tsjile'aUwc InttjTtTM»Ai www.fultonhistory.com~-«M»CTwwrm..!. •• | m"-""- 