 ••»tional wealth. The Imperial letter writer a c - and Malt Liquor*—The Trade of the Bordeaux that in 1852 two Manateem of the name of Gro- travelling intercourse ware greatly enlarged. knowledgesthattrade,manufacturesandcommerce, "!"^*•*"'foldapatent,whichtheyhadtaken• delsiran awayoi a low of" front «*eS ofm . KM thaw I to nay thai viflf hn wii* he** readers" tmamr* condtttoa o f>roper start, r to dwarfed no, why notBenoheifeC ihsle lather*. peverthiie—M*a a3aoada frrmrn tuoadra, thentook• mi tMrtttisevar•awry h«i dwarfed orvogasaaav levy. How,.fewtwofot* andconceal-* apmjtkordoef i1 have jatt received the following intelligence from Fto-renee.—lie patstions from t h e non liberated Roman pro- to nine million gallons o f wine, and that they vicjtes and from the city of Rome have held an assembly never had or would drink more nor less, let the in tut can f, under the pieaicency o f Count Campelto, andhave espreesed their firm conviction that the temporal doty be as it might It then became simply a ques- potter of the Pope is no longer possible, and their Jeter-miaed r« toive no longer to endure i t The deputies of theAt Paris, the sentiment seems t o continue o n e before him Mr. Rarey will have acme difficulty in establishing any claim to novelty in equine treat-lis»it^*i? •Mroailyiichexhtne sBbscriptions to the new Belgian In American securities there was a rise in the shares sallow complexions into ruddy, and weakness intoflowers of politics, which. may b e cast away few foreign gentlemen of rank and distinction.TiThomas M. Tryniskii |ltl1 •••!•" • y.,JW!«SM!Wbottles. The competition w u most vigorous; thepidity the onthnsjaatk- lids. Some e f the Cha- «**T^i8B. Tban oofy sating that»n Attacksaresaidtohave been made uponsome thelightsad deliciouswines ofFrance would be withaglorious promise offuture welfare. Tour Opinion in Pari*—The Alliance of England teauxMarganx fetched as muchss30francathaW J•* ' T - I - w M K ib* cheeks «f tbeir tra4u«ers who have been in opposition to him.P ABlS,Ja».19,18oO.TheFreeTradeLetterandtheJournals—Publicconsumed in large ansatfties, provided commerce readers in perusing His Majesty'a letter will be and France Cemented-rEnglish Commercial bottle- lOlMrttles for 300 francs.. .tier••**of»•»q-iesuoa.'««*—___ a^t 4 t a c x in M well M oat uf C*eavta• S L ^ M d tbe awtsea for B«»x oooaVj •'^S. l»i»«n orheart ofatrial*»i • ZT« . a h - aad I *Ul venture toe • a > " " * w ?Series soldieraby the population of the Marches, stMaceratassharpcontestitspokenof.The latest despatch from Boms a dated on the Hth ofJanuary, and says:—andsaextensiveexchange o!productswere struckwiththeimpliedbackwardnessthatexists Traveller* Already intFrance—The Motto, Aratherinterestinglitigationbaajustbeende- encouraged, a n d t h e postal, epistolary a n d in France as regards aB which goes to make up na- "VEmpire Cest laPaixn—2he Bordeaux Wines cided by the Imperid Court of Bouen. It appearsi nilbe the ofEffecto n theTradeunless the Emperor consented t o a n immense re- course th e French ambassador a t Washington duction of the army estimates. and Genera] Csss will soon be at work on a new ci inmercial treaty between France and the United A Vienna despatch o f the 20th ultimo gives t h e Slates. If they could manage and establish a post-with the English Minister o f Foreign Affairs, an honor that he richly deserves. He will also moat likely be appointed Chevalier of the Legion of Ho- nor by the Emperor Napoleon, who will be anxious io reward bis fellow laborer. The week that has seen the Emperor Napoleon's letter to the Pope, and his letter to the Minister of State as regards the treaty, will surely ever be a most remarkable one in tbe history of Lou's Napoleon.Kentueky 6 per cent bonds, 1868-72 arwilltakeplaceinEnglandforthwith Marylandapercentsterlingbondstaatwt givea by Prince Napoleon to Mr. Ohio 6 per cent stock, 1886 97as t o what t h e Holy Father will do. O n e the habits of the people, combined with a climate crowd of admirers.NEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 18G0.-TRIPLE 1HEBT.-«,place between Cardinal Antonelli and the prelates from the seaboard, whers there k t dense s a l peror's letter opens wi'h peace and closes withi!l5f wealthy population of wtae-drinkers, that peace,sotbatthefutureimperialpolicykladenauctioneerscoddhardlyreceivewithsufficientra-••"^sWa P*TVXJ of twentyy*^«P—«• *"Pf? The note in the Momteur of the 10th last, has produced The Jateet telegraphic despatch from Paris andalso agriculture.here areasyet inastateo Merchant* to Suffer—The Brandy Trade— outm France,for asewing machine. Such ma a grtat stntauon at the Roesas Court A meeting of Car- tells u s that the new commercial treaty b e - infancy, fiat t h e Emperor a determined tha' Havre and Marseilles Jubilant-fount Cavour- rfiPt tZXZ^Ly** * ° loawwr patent fa the-JL Ttbet Torn the rigor ef * • «««•«• «•>«* eiaaii was beld today at the Vatican. Fresh despatches tween France and England provides for the "sup- France shall prosper inwardly; aad having done The Business on 'Change Limited—The Deoats United States, had no right ofSetegpateated f a* T I V *SU>Vare than at glvjoga «ooseeu- - ^ L BSUIDV article, nenoe I have passea ' . r l . , ,ro«kl nberwise h*"« b**"0 rtoucert.myself to that part of Canada more ruoa>r my observation, M en . at Mr Jobn 9eoble aad Rev.^Mttflauioo from my pen. Tne name MOeBramWil«m,willbeembalmed inborn general**! Let those sit ia—I Mm—— woo bave exceDed him in la"Jtl2me Canadian refugees receivethespecial * £ ' S l e a r e of the Chriitnn and philanthropist, "^Z* r e t become an unspeakable blessing u . i *w "*'-{_. .Bd,.t and to tbeir brethren yet to bec c rooT **?Jt£C' - ^6es#ral Agent of the Refuge BOOM Society.800B replace Uuabal Valllant at the bead of the French silks. It has long been a subject of of the age. Will you allow your correspondent, Patented Sewing Machines—Rarey at the brought back proof of h a right to sen ir r y ie Lomhardy I a m s o t aware that there i s s a y complaint here tbat the duty on French wines was en passant, to reflect with pride and pleasure upon Cirque Napoleon—Lord Cowley i n Paris, Ac. such machines, aad the Imperial Court, straakfroan France for the Pope arrived yesterday. His Holi much for that purpose, he will, in spite of the few fi.es tan received Count Bool in a private audience. pression of prohibitions, and the diminution of the whose interests lead them to oppose ha measures,and the Oon*tituHonnel—The Prince of Orange France; they had, in fact, fallen into the public domain. A man named Lebtand discovered theGreatagnationprevailslatheMarches.Bolognaistobe dutiesoncoalandiron"inFrance,andonbringaboutahealthystateofcommercialactivity.A l^a^^ttfrjsjs:— the part of England, reduction of theduty cessesasmuchas 8,000francsdamagesfrom him.toMakeaTouroftheManufacturingTowns—fact,andtookuponhimselftosellthem.The r^^ViSt.aeverflftr,«ddM>oth<rfortified SurelythawiseresolutionwillbedulyappreciatedTheSaleoftheLateLordHenrySeymour'spurchasersoftbepatentobtainedintwopro-l*J^U CMWMM is.toere'ore.aotneltna»"lliPTifmora tb.itMarehalMacMahonwould onwines,spirits,articles dePari*and to'theUnitedStates,salourpeoplewillbeginto Wines—AnInterestingLawsuitat Rouen- LeblsndwenthimselftotheUnitedStates,aad better understand and letter appreciate the manreal foundation for that statement, hot I am informed that i he latter is to give two balls coring d i e carnival, which certainly does not favor the probability of his being re- placed.AletterfromValeggio,ofthe12thultimo,inthe PalriaCbnshtuttonnit, containsthe following:—the fact that for years he has constantly combatted the ridiculous tendency of the majority of the cor- respondents for t h e American press to calum- niate and decry Louis Napoleon? HavingThe time has scarcely arrived when a faithful representation can be given of the general effect producedbytheEmperor'sfreetradeletter. Inawith t h e injustice h e h a d suffered, awarded him damages to the amount of 60,000f. But yes- terday the Imperid Court o f Bouen quashed ttda decision,andgavehimonly4,000f.damages.Iht manvjacturtrs who txitt scldy because ytey are pro- 130,999,713tbalersfortheexpenditure,whichis tittdharttnna-'areofstyintention*forJittyearspott,es»«tly balanced by income.The Austrian Minister o f Finance had declaredthe impossibility o f publishing a budget for 1860,and they kare had plenty <f time to prepare Jor the changt.ihe ») siem o f probibttion has had its day, and 1 have not 'be power to taifie the dead.two countries, that future wars will be impossible. as these a r e about t h e o d y occasions e nMl MTHEC0UICH TEIPOBiUTfES. following as official:— age rate on the half ounce scale at as low a figureAil reports pubhsbed by the Sardinian papers concern is eight cefits, it would make Great Britain a little ifg tb«J tubenign of Hungarian soldiers from the garrisons moie liberal in her postal anangements. If the iu Vrjbetia a-c untcunrted. Tbe results of an inquiry o r - I'ni'td Mates would a t once change their|sfTUVOUfl AGAIN PREMIER Of SARDINIA. drreo! by u>e Comooarnler in Chief of Verona snow tbat HIIIlie system of ad valorem duties, ^nd uf'tiae Hungarian soldier baa deserted hiscolors since thsrge duties per quantity, as is practisedside of the Channel, who receive their overtures ofeommercml alliance in the most affable spirit Englishcommercialtravellershavealreadyarrived, evenexcludingdistant California. who are "sounding the depths."(Irrepressible Conflict as Seen a^t-Lt*.bowever, bave been arrested forendeavoring to Host of frauds, not only on the revenues, i.ii.j *r witb tbe Hungarian regiments.thatAmericans willalsobe benefitted. Theone- tons tonnage duties, A c , that press upon our ship- ting will soon be removed, and Yankee vessels bave tbe same benefits and advantages that are now accorded t o those o f Great Britain. Of courseto come, and by the latter hour the rooms wereorowded with dancers, and it certainly was refresh-lection of fine looking, handsome wo neu, and t> feel that these were from " our country."ia England.A leuer from Vienna of the 14th ult says:— There has be« n *<>cb a fall a t t h e Bourse here duringt u' on tbe consumers ot foreign goods. Ad va- lorem duties is one of those impracticable crotchets that practice and common sense have long sincedrafts or nerie ia t-xebaage for bank notes. In presence very refreshingly o f th e political gatherings Paris a n d Berlin Cot- oftbr#e rirhcuitit-s Bud o f tbe tt»'e <-f unceruinty caused <n Ysnkee land. T h e committee appointedlong talked of Congress will meet The alliancebetween France and England has become a mostclose and apparently sincere one, and the oigansoftheBritishgovernmenthavestatedtothemostunequivocal terms that in Italy things must go asFrance desires, else Franca and England will seeto it "If Austria is again to be met, her troopswill not only have tofightthe Frenchmen, but alsoour brave soldiers," says Lord Palmerston's organ,and upon that hint Austria gives up thestruggle, folds her aims and says tbat she can improvement which the almost prohibition duty Among such an array of beauty and grace and fightnomore—shecanbutprotest Ofcoursea on wines hasproduced iu the manufac- vivacityandfinedresses,itmayappearinvidious close alliance between t h e leading Powers o f to select any ladies for particular notice; but thererespondence, l fWCaara steamship Aais, Captain Lott, wbkhby the Italian question, tbe idea of tbe sale of the Austrian. poMeeuoos in Italy every day acquires m >re and more c(.>L-t*jefcc> among t b e en lightened men of all classes. Tbat plan i s op*n>y discussed, and t b e solution i s r e gai. td as tbe most egrctual means for relieving tbe politl «.at ptSitioa of Aubtita and for assisting tbe tina.net 8.to take t h e affairs o t t h e ship into c o n - •ideration.past,presentandfuture,issupposedto i>- in<mical to the views of Mr. Campbell, the chair- n>au. and Mr. Lever; but time will show. My opi- nion is the ship will not leave her anchorage in SniitSiaiH|itot water in twelve monthsBordeauxarenothallooingbeforetheyareoutof timeresidingtoParii.88 come.ftee tree's. South Carolina 5 per cent bonds, 1866 86 87 You may confidently look for a rise in the rate ofthing is certain—be will do what is asked of him, or theFrenchtroopswillleaveBorne,andthepeople will at once put an end to the controversy by send- ing Pius IX. elsewhere. I have every reason to be- lieve tbst ere long Turkey will again be brought upon the tapis. Decidedly things do not go rightMiss Alien, of Philadelphia, Miss Wolf, Mrs. Dou-Pennsylvania 6 per cent sterling S4aParis,thePrinceproposedatoastto Do. 6percentbonds,1877 86 87 Moneyisgoingtobemoreandmoretighthere.whichbineveryrespectthereverseofthehumid glass,Mme.Fanyani,anAmericanlady,witeofaa skies of Britain, render such all sufficient for them. artist of considerable repute; Mesdames Pers-jni,Nothing, then, woddlesssurprise me than to find af Lesieur and Moore, and Misses Town-end aad ter afew months tbe trade o f the Bourdeax mer- Brett, were all very much admired.chants a source of disappointment to them. A sens • The diplomatic corps was represented b y Mr. ble diminution of the tax on brandies, which is now Calhoun, Charge d'Affairs, aDd the elegant aad equivalent to five francs the litre, would, withonm b*• « »itted tothe House of Commonjathad been formally presented with a splendid gold the Roman States a n d Turkey. L e t athletic -ports and exercises be encouraged in"itartaJi-'Zir '" *°**°»^«'"' immediately ^.*^?ww» raeaTeaal:-M adoiphBarrot,at l ^ a t •adnd.tosiieeeed M Tbooveael atl'heFram-e—Napoleon's Manifesto—The Ejfeii ontemptsofAmericanCorrespondentstoCalum- England,diminutionofdutiesonwines,brandies,niatetheEmperor—Mr. CobdentobeAppointed articlesofParismanufactureandsilks. LordCow-to Sign the Treaty, and Probably Chevalier of ley, who returned yesterday from London, had to- with an example from the Moniteur du Calvados,I * beats, ? • •European politics are groniog brighter. T h etria to Succumb to France and England—The"2d"1872 100a word presencet o bestow o f sucho n them. They material interestsso high as to operate as a prohibition and shut outall the light and cheap wines o f that country.Bookahavebeenwrittenonthesubject,bytheablestpens,and,asonmosteveryotherknottysub- a firm conviction of the sincerity ofthe countrywherejournalswhicharetheorgansof Mr.Rarey,thegreatAmericanhonetamer,aEmperor's motives, s a d o f h a intentions t obenefit mankind, because I had studied ha past ac-tions and was aware of what really brave things hewasstalltimesdoing,inthefurtheranceofthisin-tention, I felt that be deserved the praise instead generally followed a simply to utter a few sulky left for him to conquer. Ha grand diffiedty a tonigat. ibty proceeded to Cremona, where they met witha tises on the subject Sir E . Tennent proved constantly to show to Americans Louis Napoleon sentences, reserving the grand explosion till the nounced really unmanageable, that his powers ot7*1of the Asia, with Two Romagna have promised on their tide not to separate their cauteiromthatoftee other provinces. Acentraljuntabat betn toimed at Florence for this common object A a adtl-r ess to the Emperor has arrived a t Paris, signed by the members of this sssen bly.The resignation of the Batasai Cabinet ia Turin policy of England a against such dis- ci imination, preferring t o treat all alike. ThereP ARIS, Jan. 12,1860.Days Later Hews.HrtBt Commercial Move- is said t o have resulted from t h e retirement ofReception at the American Consulate—Presenta- tions at Court, Ac.oieot i n France. -—*,•"«.•»».••w -pW "i.i«MnEflrc t o f Napoleon's Mani- fest throughout Europe*of the rrench, British aad Russian Press.Count Walewiki.A scheme for the defensive organisation e f Cen-Twice a year the American Consul in Paris, Mr. Spencer,'gives a reception, to which the American residents and travellers who may happen to beBeige says:—peopletral Italy ia said to have bees matured.Letters from Florence state that In consequence from tbe following remarks of the Emperor, saidgether with the language, the arte and sciences willbe inculcated ina manner unknown in England. and despatching invitations to all whose namesof a conspiracy ia mvor o f the Grand Duke having been discovered, several arrests had taken place.The budget of Prussia for 1860 a estimated atby the Nord to be spoken at the Tuileiies on Sun- day evening last:—There will be a free trade in tieves sain coals, pom-herds and cutlery, and before the year of grace1870 arrives, so strong will be the cement which a on Monday evening last, and tb e occasionject, no two came t o the same conclusion. S i r James Emerson Tennent, M. P., and member of tbeBoardofTrade;Mr.Oliveira, M.P.,andviews contrary to the government write in fear of their existence, it is not from them that we can ex- pecttherequiredinformation. Indeed,theplanTou will in a few days see in the journals, if it has notalready appeare-!, s fact o f extraordinary temerity—thedesertion,in a body,tromMantua, of000 Hungarians,ali armed and equipped, and headed b y their com mandaijt From Carnal Msggiore, where they arrived in the many others, have given u s elaborate trea- of the blame of his fellow men, and I have labored find another Cruiser—a horse that has been pro-matn Scent reception.A Taris letter in the Independanceenemy appears to be well out of shot or not in a disposition to make reprisals.control may be elicited. The French papers have been full of ha advertisements for a horse or horses warranted vicious. It is thought tbat with Franconiconclusivelyof Greatt o himself tbatBritain wantn ha true light Now that truth, strong and all powerful, b forcing upon the minds of all a due ap- preciation of the Emperor, I may be allowed to re- joice at a consummation which I consider a just re- sult.But pardon the digression, and let me return totbe mooted eommercml treaty. Napoleon III.,firmly convinced that great prosperity must resultfrom free trade, a determined t o apply t o France and England bave but one bone of conFrance theprinciples ota sound politicaleconomy. But at the same time he awell aware that there are deeply rooted habits ofdependence upon the State, in France, and thatFrenchmenbavenotthe commercialardororself-dependence of Englishmen, who only desire to beleft free to carry their projects into execution.Here th e State must stimulate by loans, andthe Emperor is prepared, until they shall havelearned to depend upon themselves, to do so. M r .Cobden (the only Englishman who ever under-stood the American people, and who deservespraises for so much) has been a most prominentinstigator of the new treaty. He studied the question most closely with the Emperor, and then withhis Ministers, and the result has been that both FranceandEnglandwillrejoiceinthepossessionofcommoninterestwillhaveeffectedbetweenthewasonewhichwilllongberemembered, commercialadvantagesnotattainablebefore. Iamassured tbat Mr. Cobden will be appointed to signtion o f revenue. The duty is about six shillings (11 50) a gallon on all wines.of unmixed approval. On allaidesyou hearof mentnothing but that a glorious future a opening, in Lord Cowley, the British Ambassador, has reTheEmperorreliesconsiderablyoncommercial treaties, which may mean differential and discrimi- nating duties, favoring certain countries. T h etention,namely,whoshallwintheraceinsupply-ing the wants of the world. Optimists already talkof large seminaries springing up in England fortbe solepurpose ofimparting the Language,theprinciples of English commerce and English agri-culture to the French mind, while similar institu- here at the time are invited, the Consul resorting tions cannot fail to be established here, where, to"will b e some considerable opposition b y cer- tain classes o f manufacturers i n France, but how far i t will b e available may be inferredto the very democratic means d consulting the Ustt h e annually from s i xHis Majesty talks like a philosopher. O f the treaty between the governments, in conjunctionwhich the Americans in Paris (who are not of1mayventuretopredicttJyouthathisMajesty iiie i eitoiusioo o r peace a t Villafranca. Several secret m this country, i t would sweep nff at once a will not pause in his present glorious policy, butBetween nine aud ten o'clock the throng beganftft»at»>ft*t Exiles afraid o f tbe last lew oaya it at tbe tlnaticiai world has been com condemned. Whatever course may b e taken by(•Mei) iUraiw. Time fargains are difilcult in conse- \ our authorities, there is a large prospective trade our government will be too happy to meet halfSevere].• WKU iO f El LITEftPOOL.nuiLCt oi ibe mu-ir net which prevails, and there are n o t* ikrfirxeept for caeh Just as before tne commencement ifiht.**ri'lItaly,many large capitalists areeagertolieiween France and America. Thegreatshipseemstobegettingdeeperandway all liberal changes that may be determineda giand military triumph, and everywhere where83 85 next four weeks.82 84 Tbe weather—tbat much abused element inSO 82 England—has been remarkably mild, with the ex- at Constantinople. A very great screw i s loose77 79 ception of one or two days, aud they were colder somewhere, and will require looking after sooner,amiable Mr.^Vilbur, Secretary of Legation.The army by Major Crittenden, Capt. J. W. Todd and Lieutenants Huse and Pegram, all of whom ap- prodigious. The profit is indeed so large that the peared in uniform, the blue coats and brass buttons76 77than the oldest inhabitant has known for forty years.perhaps, than i s a t present thought likely. T h edoubt, produce a roaring trade, for no amount of impost has been sufficient to cure John Bull's love of that spirit, and the smuggling still in practice is90 91 ms .. 43 41It tLen only dipped down to some seven degreeslaaage is the rate of discount by the Bank Michigan Central 8 per cent, 1869... .* 80 82 above zero, but John Bull thought that decidedly but they advance slowly. A report is current hereLost wu without effect on the funds. There Do. shares 30 eery Ottlihood of the efflux of bullion con- New York Central 6 per cent not con-chilly. Your correspondent enjoyed a day's to-day to the effect that Tetuan was in the hands of skating on the Seipentine, on ice fonr inches thick. the Spaniards; but it requires confirmation. Gene- Though there were some thous mds of people pre- tal Concha, late Governor-General o f Cuba, has sent, I suppose it did not come up to the carnival gone to the headquarters of the Spanish army toproving as irresistible among the ladies as ever. Then the dentiatical profession, quite an impor- tant one in Paris, was represented b y tbe tworated, and the ships in the harbor dressed out withflags. by their practice here, and both of whom wore im-One unmistakeable result has followed the last perial decorations, and by Messis. Fowler, GageThjtatstock basks had raised their rates for *pa*(tea lt to 2per cent2d mort.convt ,1859. 78 3d " . . . 1883. t>» .1SS2. 30 9 100Do sharesSi sniards are still gaming victories over the Moors,vertible. 1883. *3 85 Jtinitke probability, in that case, of a fur- Da 7-per cent ccn vertible, 1864 9 1 * yasmuggler is richly repaid if he succeed in landing one cargo out of three.At Havre and at Marseilles the accounts receivedMessrs. Theodore and Thomas W. Evans, dentists toupon by tbe Emperor Napoleon. I cinnot o f a flag codd be planted one has been set up t j com- coursestatewhenandhowthisgreatresultistoThe honors were done by Mrs. Spencer in elegant style, and nothing was omitted which codd tend ton-'i ittfir A'ictriaa t tuck and employ tbe money in tbe par >>epei in the "slough of Despond." At the late be obtained, But I may safely assure yon that the memorate t h e occasion. Acroess t h e street, increase the comfort and bappioe«s of the guests. ctat-e-ot bills on foreign countries and of siwcie ForeigneiUiatgesandtbepremiumonspeciearecontinuallyonnieetmgadebatetookplacethatwa*charac-projectaseriouslyentertained. "L'Empiree'estlaPaix''hasbeeninscribedonAmongthedistinguishedladiespresent,andwho tu '>I',<DI mere isgr.at difficultyinprocuring good -erired asa"beargarden.'' Itremindedone Itnowremainstobeseenwhetherornotthe bluebunting,andnothingbutthemostunbounded attractedconsiderableattentionthroughtheentirethe woods Tbeir notion is that tbe wines of Francehave only to be introduced into England, withoutception.ture of malt and hops will ever constitute a lr/theCityrfBaltimorefromQaeenstown,ibeywerearnx-d.Volunteersarecontinuingtoflockin,Congtess.thePopeandtheEmperor,thenewEuropewillrenderaCongressalmostunnecessary.greatdifficultyintheconsumptionofFrenchwines.weresomewho,astherealwaysareonsuchocca-Lwtoel ea Saturday, the 21st of January, at Another communication from Vienna says:—tdeckinthe•torntog,arrived at this port Anew detaebmvat of volunteers for the Papal army is cians,theday of the meetingof Parliamentbsinglet or hindrance, to constitute the staple drink ofthe country. I doubt the fact The great added much to the liveliness and interest of the re-90 Htm France tor eighteen months to come Massaebusetts 5 p?r cent sterling bonds.. 102perity of Central Italy, the Pope t o the contrary;andasSt.Peter'ssuccessoriswellawareof arenottofactsousedinthecountrythatproduces MissMcLean,ofWashington,averybeautiful this, w e hear a l l kinds s*~ vague rumors them; but though iu bottles, ate consumedon aid highly intelligent lady, drew around her aRather a lively time here no'.v among the politi-about to leave Metdhog, near this city, for Trieste. T h e i.'ose at hand. Many of them are beforetheir con- iittd^taebmentsailedfromtbelatterportonNewYear's stituentsmakingspeechesandspinningyarnson»t»*be4in the HXBAI.D of Sunday morning. aid agsorgtt tbe men last enlisted were Saxons and Prus commercial era in France, Ac. One agreeable Tbey may decide upon matters as they choose, andpttfcw o'clock yesterday (Hunday) even- aftkM are two day* later than thoset'ay fre* Ascoua. In tbe course of the voytge t h e men the subject of Parliamentary Reform, the postponed put onj the tapal uniform, but it was only at Aneona tbatsiscs. i Tbe bounty of seventy five florins which is offered thing for newspaper readers and those condemned is a great temptation to many. to pore over toe lucubrations of the legislators, Messrs. D . Bell, Son & Co. report that during tbey are not doomed to one tune on one string, asthe past week the market for American securities on some former occasions. There sre plenty of ers hate each other too cordially for any suc-u courseeflket of laaoleon's newly declared eum- pobe; haa produced an immense effect [sent. Lmpe. It had withdrawn public at- ireaa* Italian question and concentratedgreat measure.CnWry is said to have returned to Pariser to sign the new commercial treaty kg land and France. I t U alleged tha*Mississippi 5 per cent Union Bank bonds... 14M«f the Emperor's free trad* letter is Tennessee o per cent bonds, divers. SO 82 interest of three-fourths to one per cent during theVirginia 6 per oent bonds, 1886u baring been most favorable in the ( Ho. 3 per cent Mate bonds, 1888At Havre the principal merchants Montreal 6 per cents, 1861-66 Illinois Central 7 per ent, 1876it with great joy, and Sags were raised an Do. 6 per cent. 1&76mtf rejoicing. Do. %per cent freelands, I860.much whether, if French wines and English beerstopics to occupy tbe thoughts and tongues of the has continued without animation. The quotations "wisdom of the nation," and the coming sessionof action to succeed, and France and England will rule the roast The Pope, forgotten for the mo- ment by our politicians, owing to the all-engrossing topic, the commercial treaty, is not by any meansher beauty.equal prices, the Englishman would not infinitely Miss Field, of New York, dressed in white, withprefer the staple drink of his country. It must be elaborate trimmings of blue, was thought to be theare aj>-annexed:—United! States 6 per cent bonds, IMS Do. 5 per cent bonds, 1874Alabama5perc*Dl bondswill be anything but a dull one.a 9 6 Considerable anxiety ia felt in commercial circles92 by year, the glut in the markets of Australia by too95 largeimportationsofgoods,andthesymptomsof 103 a panic in the money market, make Australian af-16 taiis look98 - unpromising 'ior considerable time t oremembered that the only notion any Englishman has of the juice of the grape is a glass of wine afterbest dressed and one of the finest looking ladies in the room.9 676 77 diminished quantity of gold produced year92>i here i n reference t o Australian affiirs. T h e overlooked by the Emperor Napoleon, who i s de- teiminedtocarryouthisplanaforthefuturepros-Miss Thorne, of Louisiana, dressed in pink, was dinner,orapartfromhismeals;butthecheap veryfpiritueUeandgraceful.«smetto11percentwasunderdiscussion.Do.shares.. 7072youhavealmostdailyonyourCentralPark.ThevisitGeneralO'Donnell.Thawarwill,Iamafraid,arefullofrejoicing.Thehouseshavebeendeco-theEmperor,whohavemadeimmensefortunesN. Y. and Erie per cent 1st mort. 1867. H5'« Onn vertible.S7 80 70 35 10102 102 t9pi ess in America, and particularly the HKKAI.D, H doing a glorious work in encouraging athletic sports among both sexes, and foremost among these rank skating, horseback riding, row- ing, curling, picket, a r d base ball. Make the wealthy, the slothful and the luxurious spend a portion of their time in this way, and they will turn their spermaceti fibre into healthy muscle, changenever rapporkr much t o Spain. The Moorsfight like devils, outnumber the Spaniards, andate on their own territory—all great advan-tages, the more so as Spain is weak in her money mission of the Emperor. The Pope and the priest- and Crane.thkastasttor mar set lost some of the buoyan-J«*Mearly part of the week, but the large en- »i«etn.»fproducer'*keptpricesquitefirmforPenn'uCent.6percent.1stmort,1880.. 87"•».amnd goods. 1 he London Times of Friday, January 20, says:—sharesPicams, 7 per c*nt, 1st mort, 1865chest The funds necessary for the cirrying on of such a struggle will soon run short, and the re- 1'gious enthusiasm of the people is somewhat calm- ing, two significant and unpleasant facts for the Ma- drid Cabinet to ponder over. Will France a id Spain? There's the rub, and at present no one canhood are nowhere—clean forgotten; nobody seemsThen there were some fifteen or twenty of the permanent residents of Paris, and many travellers, whose names I did not learu. There was a fair sprinkling of newspaper correspondents and medi- cal students, a number of American artists, and aassented of the New York and Erie; we quote sales:— strength. Let parents, teachers and rulers learn*» t&MfAto already amounted to twelve mil- Il].no»Central sevens, 79a78>i; do. shares, 42a41)£ dis.; ttat intellectual strength and political indepeu answer tbe question with a certainty of beingwithout a sigh. The advent o f M. Cavour t o About two o'clock a fine supper was gives, t oPapal or even Italian question. It is Cavour, the tronomic powers, and a little after three the ball freetrader,ratherthanCavour,theincarnationof brokeup,andtheladieswenthometodreamofItalian independence, that a now before men's their conquests and the gentlemen of their sup- minds. pers.New York and Erie shares, 10; Pennsylvania Central sixes dence among nations are always accompanied b y » mmated that the government measure re- s< ccn 1 mortgage, 92>-4. physical vigor, and when the latter departs the two•"•>«Parhunestaryreiormwasready,and Captain Williams, ofthe British-bark Imogens, formerhavenotlongtostay. WitnessSpain,right The impression here seems to be that Spain was in too «rreat a haste, tbat she commenced thecampaigntoosoon,andwastoostiffneckedin her demands upon the Emperor of Morocco.power is rather looked upon as another link in the which the now wearied dancers did ample justice, new commeicial chain, than a s i t influences the and kept up the American reputation for gas-chronometerandchainfromthePresidentofthe America,andweshallnotalwayshearaboutthePARIS,Jan.19,1860. The^MoniteurprintstoconspicuoustypeIjord Lastnightthefirst'grandreceptionandballattesfieasssortanitr.''tkti^aet given by the Mayor of Liverpool, I'tited State*, as a testimonial o f gratitude for English women having finer forms, fresher com- The Commercial Treaty Between France andPalmerston's letter, inviting the attendance of Eng- the Tuileiies were given, and about fifty Americans lish members of Parliament on account of urgent were presented, and a large number of names are business,anddoubtlessnothinginthewayofdetail alreadyinscribedattheLegationforthesecond williie known as to the new tariff till the English one. Any respectable American may have his budget a Drought forward. In the meantime the name put down upon the list, sad when thisCapt Williams' humanity to the wrecked crew of •*m«aw«sid witoesj the adoption of a good the ship Fleetwood, of Boston.plexions and greater strength of constitution thanAmericanfemales. EnglandNottobeInForcetill18til—7teBa-J'res.lt ^«(I)«rsyexprsa»edahopethattheensu-of nans, He believed that the conset va- It is announced that the steamers sf the Liverpool, count of tbe splendid run of the steamer Prince peror— The Boldness of the Eniperor's Policy-I* ago beenitara routy ofPwty woeid offer so factious oppoeitioo on the •*«•toetrtstataisiatry.t*»ittd bates claim- under the ExtraditionYon will see in your English exchanges an ac- sis—Lord Cowley's Interview with Ui.e Em- New York and Philadelphia Steamship Company Albert, on her last passage from New York to Gal-way. She started one day later than the Cunard Deputations from Manufacturing Cities in willheLceforthrunweeklybetweenLiverpooland steamerandarrivedataboutthesamehour,bring- Paris—Revolution in Hungary—Austriananxiety tor further information is excessive. reaches a reasonable number it a sent in, and theNew Y(S-k, and that for the remainder of the winter ing papers one day later from New York and tele-Prestige Gone in Venice, Ac, Ac.Hungary—Excitementinabout M. Cavour's return to power, and to fear that tage over people of other countries, or at least sf the bold policy which his character represents those under monarchical forms ot government, astJ^ad oeeamd at the Uverpool Police Court. they will perform the United States mail service for' ftrapbic despatches from Newfoundland four days ater. She actually ran from St Johns to GalwayCeaial applied for the custody of a merly appertaining to the Collins line. The increase in five days and sixteen hours, being the shortest South, a tailor on board the in tbe Liverpool service will o f course cause a time from port to port ever made by an AtlanticI have ascertained, since commencing the abovemay, despite the alliance of England ana France on the new free trade policy, produce complica- tions not inseparable from war. The businessthe rde a that none shall be presented at a foreign court who have not been to their own sovereign.A great many Americans avail themselves annu- ally ot thu privilege. Of course it a necessary to go in a court dress; but there are three or tour tailors here who rent, these out for the occasion at fromfiftyto seventy-fivefrancs,so that the expense unotverygreatlhopetonavethepleasureofbeingpresentedin the course of the season, when I shall endeavor to give yen a description of the ceremonies on thatCotrespondence. 'BERLIN, /an. 11,1660.letter, that tbe commercial treaty between Franceas the charge of having stabbed suspension of this company's Glasgow line, all their steamer. By tbe time the new boats are in opera- and England will not be in force until 1861, as a yesterday on the Exchange was very limited, andmstl, John Richardson, during Orleans. The prisoner was ,tobesenthomefortrial.* * ! • * fesa Paris, of the 20th o f January,vessels being required for the Liverpool trade. The Ghtsgow, from New Tork, arrived atQueens- townatinA.M.ontbe20thnit,andthearagoreachedCowesatnoonthesameday.Uur Lundoa Correspondence. LONDON,Jan.20,1860.Ann tbat line will carry off the news and the honors from all the old lines.former article in the Moniteur, the official journal, contains a promise to that effect from ha Majesty. Icannotstatepositivelywhataretheexactcondi- tionsof thetreaty,but thefollowinga itsbasis:— For France, the suppression of all prohibitions, andthe three per cento closed at 68 francs 80c., with a decline of 45c. All other securities were low in proportion.TheDibais,incommonwithotherjournals,a ratherunmercifulwiththe Constitutionnel, whose protectionist doctrines must now, of course, give way to a semi-official advocacy of the new com-1M ^y*^ S?1^, 'aaages have be-n decided -The Emperor's Letter on Free Trade—The Toneof English Journalists Changed— The Past At- a diminution of duties on coal and iron. F or mercid policy. It remarks that, while wait-«.OarParis Correspondence., PARIS, Jan. 18,1860.Important>m»0*kedaGramasoot,ambassadorat TradewiththeUnitedStates—Approaching theLegionofHonor—AmericatobeBenefitteddayanaudienceoftheEmperor,andexpressed,asajournalwhich,likeitself,hashihertobeena*aFinancialDepartmentattbe tion—theGalxcayLine,Ac.,die.aa*rs repiacmg M Armas 1 Lefeb h> ms former office at the Couadi of*at had returned to Toulon fromItalytoProgressasNapoleonDictates—Aus-governmenttoenterintothetreaty.Icanassure "Wehavedways,"saystheMoniteurdu gress—Napoleon'sDiplomacyNotUnderstoodVery Clearly—Fear of hi* Ultimate Arrange- ments with England—The Austrian Emperor inaRage—HeLookstoPrussiaforSup- port—German Politics are Affected by the Com-**«eoot iaHUjient to inv*.msil steamers, or mors than one, between FranceCommercial Movement insiBarm;tbePrincedeLatoorDau PrussianAgitationontheQuestionofaCon- • M jSJ22Tl-i*J*^***kor AmpoasasswJoravaalae Papal Mttting of Parliament—Ocean Steam Naviga- —Tonnage Duties to be Removed—Things in I am assured, the great willingness of the English staunch supporter of a protective policy.you that it requires great courage on the part of Calvados, " raised our voice*against the danger- ous theory o f free trade. The pessimists erro- Congresswillnevertakeplace,andthePopeof CongressUnnecessary—ThePopeHelpless-theEmperortocarryouthisideasoffreetradeinneouslypretendedtbsttinsUtopianschemehad Rome will no longer be able to command an army Turkey to be Brought on the Tapis— Tlw Span- France, for in this country the particular interests waim partisans in the councils of the government of the protectionists are most powerfully repre- It has also appeared to us that protection did not of Frenchmen t o enforce • horrible despotism. iard* and the Moors, Ac. sented, while those o f the consumers hsve, up to at all benefit us, and that it would be wiser to re-plication—The Neutral 'Rights Question PotU rhaaPark,totheLondonAeroJd,con-UowNapoleonhasflatlyrefusedtointerfere,andWeareallagog.TheEmperorNapoleon'sletterthepresenttime,beenquitewithoutanypacethatsystembyprotectiveduties.TheEm-poned—ProfitsoftheReformAgitation—Theu , e m , l t he will seep ha word. Bat the moat Important to the Pope had set the Parisians to talking, and had peror now consecrates those two great principles.n ? ^ °C^S> « «apectmgaper- representativesofweightorinfluence. ButNapo- Tha a animmense progress, butita also Opera,Ac.»f theFreachImperialGuardhavingreceived Statepaper thathasbeenput forth hjanyEuro- producedastateofgreatagitationandexcitement, leonIU.has determined to actfor the majority ss far from trade ss truth a from error." Toby orno Toby? Congress or no Congress?»P*fssjifefe. Theregimenaqnsrteredat pean government for s long time a tat late letter when all a t once the English journals announced and he will do so in spite of an opposition that is idles•»»%peHectreadinesstomarchataoftheEmperor NapoleontohaMinis-thatacommercialtreatybetweenFranceandalreadycommencing.SeveraldeputationsfromThe Dtbats wickedly adds that if this example is not sufficient for the Constitutionnel, it may take the following from the Nouvelliste ot Rouen:—" In following thta line," remarks that journal " we are neither in contradiction with ourselves nor in opposition to the new programme."That a, orratherwas, the question, for to all ap- pearance it seems to hsve beenfinallyanswered in the negative. Tbe courts aad cabineto of the Con- tinent are all fairly taken aback a t this suddenrtClHtntnt in the policy of Lome Napoleon, who,*nt s Botiee-the officers believe Cor Italy. ter o f Bute, o a t h e commemal s l a i n England was on the tapis, and that the Emperor iParisCbnMthihoiuidsaysthereanotroth of the empire. It will effect s perfect had determined to give waytohisfree ststesssatthattheFrenchgovernmenta revolutiontotbemanufactures,industrialpursuits tradepropensities,andgivecommerceastrong toproceedagsissttheSocfetyofStVincent aidcommerceofFrance. Ofcourseyouwillpub- andsteadypushforward,byalteringorabolishing sal. lish this important document, and let your com- the—up t o the present time—most obnoxious mercial readers see the new prospects of a great customs dues. What rejoicings there have been in I**•«**«*». At »ew aiDitar o f P o r t % a ^ foteijrn trade with France. The Emperor recom- Old England? how the journals that for so manymends the "suppression of ail restrictions" that years have been sccustomed t o refer to the Em- bled. It teems to be impossible for them tore " a question of amour propre before a auestiOB o tut ns round aB at once and .knocks it oa the head weighostheindustrialpursuitsofFrance,theperorNapoleonIII.asstyrant-amantobeEre**theimpendingrevolutionthatabrewing nationalinterest,beforeaquestionoflionorfor••raosrsaaiasaidtohaveinsistedupon abolition©fthedatyonwool,cottonandother raw matwisls, an exchange of produce by the en- couragement of foreign trade, loans, of money to isesteaoetotwenty agricultureandindustry,aclearingoffertileplains, Ion her by the Govt and the planting of hiUs, and, in short, the in- auguratkm e f a a enlarged a a d eeligbtsued sa oa Thursday.Jan. 11 publican!eommercmlpolicy. Washall,nodoubt,fearedandnevertrusted-barealteredtheirtone,ana style him now a man of great and gloriousconceptions, possessing the. moral courage to carryouttheseconceptions,and,tofact,laudinghimtoi Hungary. The people o f that kingdom are France and tbe empire." . ^ . with so mere compunction than a child woddJettirigmoreaadmoreaudacious,andFrancis TbePrinceofOrange,insteadotreturning •howindemohshmgsometavoariteptaythmg;tor oeeph a a t h ta wit's end. How t o stay directly to Boltead.accordtogtohafirst tatentionthe storm h e cannot tell, t i e Hungarians who proposes, after a short stay at Bordeaux, to viaf tbat a man of his rare penetration should not have_alife her daughters •pleadings,decidedthatsoonseetheestablishmentofaHueoffirstclasstinedtoworkmiraclesinEurope..anditrejectedthe andAmerica. TidenewpolicyoftheEmperors thethoughtthatawidefieldaopentotheirgreathas a reai interest for Americans, in both a politi-cal and a commercial sense, sad if carried oat ac- enterprise, and they feel grateful to the sovereigntamespiritofrevolutionisevinced.Noneofthe it].1;ctdIefoieb>m,andhewoulddecidewith forthrowingtkeappleofdiscordamongthetit liens of, Venice will go to the theatres, and all easel precit.it n tin tunc of each. Of dl juices of b e n * madly that were abtmtto unite under htaot them do all they can to shew their resentment he cm j e he held that o f Bordeaux in the highest aunice*. is proof demoistrative that, whether o r against the Attstrtsnu. They no longer g» to bear IMIH-I. H e wo«>d laughingly uncover h isUntitled Documentthe large manufacturing cities are now here, an havingforobjectthepetitioninghaMajestyto changethepolicyannouncedinWslettertothe MinisterofState. Butthisisinvain,asNapoleon III. a resolved to carry out intensions he feels to be correctTheConstitutionnelcomesoutthamorningwith afterdisplayingtheutmostanxietyforthemeetingare serving in the army band together, refuse t o isrerd of the other ports of France, and manufac obeyGermanofficers,anddesertingreatnumbers. 1A short time since, at Hball given a t Pesth, the The sals of the late Lord Henry Seymours winessny German airs, and at tbe theatres a ll allusions •rest connoisseurs. The deceased Lord was the csta.n for a week or so, to have phmad Mout of the to the Austriantogovernment are received with' brotherofthepresentMarquisoiHertford, andha power of Austria or say ether government JkPPiJfrl**iAuattiasprestigeagone;Sol-tattetotbediscernmentofwineswassopecdiartopreventtheCongressfrommeeting; iermo will ding to her until she is crushed under the tlist no professional employe' could approach him.English merchants and manufacturers revel in contact Ia Yeaetia, and especially in Venice, the It is said that twenty four species o f wine wodd and h is choosing J » « e a * a momentthe skies because he wrote to the Minister of Stateclearly setting forth that tbe commercial policy of Hungarians refused to allow t i e musique t o play has been a matter o f surpassing interest to theforeseen what enact would b e produced ay the famousbrochureoiM.delaL^guenroauere.aetear* ly impossible. Ia fact, he had only to detoy Ms publi-Francemustbebaseduponfreetrade—aletterdes-c« rdiiig to) the programme wffl qotdruple the trade that has done the work for them— that has fnntkhed'he long desired opportunity. The London jour- the military bands that plat' aa the evening*, and lis-ad whenever tiia name o f Larose wss men- „ot he had ever aish.d the Europeaa Areopagus^ betwseu trance andthe United State-*in lew*than effect to cross the street when tbey meet an AUB- tioned, sajtog that h w a s n o t o d y t h e to swen.ble. M« motives f< r desiring it no longerwhich ancient rivalries shall be forgotten, andturned to Para.The English commercial houses already establishedin Paris are a t present o f the most magnificent a particularly gregarious nature) meet, and havecharacter; but since la petite surprise of the Em- an opportunity of refreshing their eyes with a sight peror, a wondrous dilatation in the carriage of the of the fair faces and elegant farms of their countryprincipals may be observed. Some of them are women. Some five hundred invitations were sent already corresponding with capitalists on the other out by the Consd, and there were more than fonrLetters I bave seen frsm Bordeaux speak of thewhole city being well nigh beside itself at the pros-pect o f the rich markets the English trade willopen to i t Some of the houses illuminated a* for petite ladies o f Paris, to see together such a col-joy seems to prevail. evening, were Mrs. Generd Wmfield Scott, who came in about ten o'clock, leaning upon the arm of 1 am myself not so very sure that the citizens of Beverly Tucker, Esq. Mrs. Scott has been lor someAfter the novelty has passed away, I doubt verysions, attracted greater attention than any others. Among these was Miss Proctor, of Boston, dressed in a robe of simple white, with no jewels bat herthe refct of Europe must acquiesce, unless, as hasbeen stated, Prussia, Russia and Austria form acounterbalancing alliance. Butthe two latter Pow- were paced before the "man of the million" at bright black eyes, and needing no other to set offwines ot France are not adapted to this purpose The Misses Hutchinsoj, oTSew Jersey, sisters. draught at meals as the malt liquor of England, andto haveare, inas are now in men's minds, but the witheredThe Bourse, which has its own special reasons invitations are then sent to the persons themselves. forsensitiveness,seemstohavecertainmisgivings InthamattertheAmericanshaveagreatadvan-ing for the Constitutionnel to find the interestingoccasion. best w ay of issuing from its embar- rassment,ittakestheopportunityoffurnishingit Our Berlina rejoinder, in which, aa might be expected, i of such an sssambly, aad being at so much pains covers its conversion under the aegis •? sublimepatriotism, which i t thinks the IMats would d o to smooth over the difficdtiea tbat ware throws fa la Austria, the government a most sorely trou well to imitate. " Wo will never place," i t says ta way, first by one Power and than by the other,to-day to display bis powers at the Cirque Napo- leon. The admission is IOf. for stalls, second seats 6f., snd third seats 21.50c. Mr. Rarey a in the con- ditionofAlexandertheGreat—therei*nothingat the banking bouses where Americana register,can be found.The first of r these fo r this year was givenhundred persons present, embracing repiesenta- tives from nearly every State in the Udon, noting, after having seen for so long a time only theAmerican titled nobility was represented by the Countess Dissy, a daughter of General Harney, of our army, who was married in Paris about five years since, and who, witb her sister, Miss Harney, P u a w r r ^ ^ , rf ^»recosxzlietWn a rtiwted to have ukeg,L<wionteovMirx!LaborMsodesrtoAmerie*,andthei>al»are«*ilawstsoftbepopularfeeling,andsotiian«fficer.Thevolcanon»uponthepointofanutonathatbeloved,butitsstrengthaudVice diatXVta i.f iKa nku ._., «.www.fultonhistory.comthey j«in in one common sad most enthusiastic*eruntit-n. and FranHaluh must beware t.vi-i iin-re is »•» impi'"*lon here that dl tbe309 Stouoth 4thStreeOVchtt?ri*t>Miv/«t L »— 1 _ -•-*Fulton New York 13069* 