 10THE FBXSID4HTIIL CAMPAIGN.(ooi/iiNrKDraoMTHIRDPAGRJt? ibesefacedart.It is aa easy•tkat sad Vsce Preetaeat on the democratic ticket, who w*vd of lectiotai fanati:lsm and real disunion. We do uitt to bMore the country and overtarow «he oohorts •.a* r al work here at the North. (arpiease ) But thejrtsRtion to the statutes ia existence relative to the registry1 ON OP A WKSTBKM MISSIONART CORRESPONDING of births snd marriages. By a'law paaaad April 2,1863,6TCRITABT—BTATTSflCAL RETORT OF TBE COM tt Isenacted that Itibail "b* th* duty of physiciansaadat the M i d republican patty. (Cheers ) When we metthere w* aia not at flrst anticipateany duhcutty in-*d*ptiasifee ptatform, or in &omiue<ug cani.aaiea. It was under-etco-lbr the majority th»t the Cincinnati platform win goodtnootb for any democrat, to steal upen It wa« under be s .try practical people. We have tie tteam engine, mood when we tirst met that, as the democratic party the io-.cmouve, tLe te'egraph. ano, above ail, tbe press. tad aeenaocccvaulupcu tEe principles o.' the Cincanaatl (Applsuse) The N«w Yout HEUID—add otherB. F . Modgett.The meeting wsa called to order b y Mr. JoMab Reeta,M.1TEJS ON SLAVERY, ETC.SPICLU. EXPORT M R TBS BZRALD.Brsraui, Map 21,1860 The Conference was called to order Mils morning at half past eight o'clock b y Btoaop MORRIS. J . B . CORRTB-G-professionalraidwh*s, to keep a registry of the several births In which tbey hive assisted professionally, which shall eontsin, ae near a s the same can b e ascertamed, the time of such birth, name, aex aan color of the child, the tames and residence of the parents, and to report tne same, on or before the first Monday'of each aad everya w~r<»b.cg to »>* » c » c ' r i t c"o •n >n Aabama; 1%'i not ao easy to be » demovat IDCoin's •icot and Mtaaach'asetta. Theythe headquarters of the party during tbe coming ^ paign. The wigwam to located bt Fatten street, oppoallo the City Hall. Nearly two thousand people were pi wantTfll ISTBODIST GBRSRAl COWBiHMCR.atxtamalw* a a d Ve.iae.bl* Sstle o f •jtcictot and Modern O n Pntmtlnara.SALB OF THB ENTIB1 OALXBRT OB Oil, rADrntoBa TUK rBOPIRTY OF TH« LaTB WB. B. m m 7 ^ ' BYH1NBTB.LSEDBACO,alCTiONKOg,KAaSari 8TBBBT-NABB8 OF THB rrjRCOAaER8 AND M m AMOTBTfl ralD-BPtEKriD EXHLBmOB_TO U Arm. TI*CED THI8 EVEJ^KO. * * *One of the most extensive and valuable exhibitions tar file of oil paintings which has taken place for some tlaM In New Ycik, came under the hammer of the firm of Heorj H. Leeds &Co , snetioneers, last sight, ta thegal-nts follower* astgfct nave ao op.otiaaiy of plcngmg thecotton States iaw aw m>o». !n the letter to Dr Saoghter every "ism" helped defeat Reward, and helped noml hid bad a democratic a-dminhnratlcn. He thought thatMr. THOMAS, of California, took the floor. BO spoke contested will case before the Surrogate, Involving the orth so bappy aad truth-ielltng a model of tha great ha*in favor o< the adoption of the resolution. He was tho- title to property worth over $100,000, which strongly ex of demarcation which must ever be drawn between virtu* roughly impressed with the conviction that the least theGeneral Conference could do, Injostle* to the demands of empHfies the utility of the registry of births and mar- aad vice.we tad theremarfcabu ptan of operations—that the lead- naiethe ptrrmger, the more deeded abolitionist Abe e n of uawaioa abuuld rein*.n n the .ieawwrauc ranks, Lincoln, who came floating into the party to the tone ofaad, by controlling the C.uveuuon. put the country in a 'row, boatman, row '' Mr. Field continued in a eu'.o- a * uoa where tn« ftxtthern Staus might be raJnesd to ginm upon the democratic party and the Union, and con-wben Mr. Bcchacsa came into office they were to have an honest government; hut so sooce* wis Mr. Buchanan n tbe Presidential chair, than he sold himself and bis ad- ministration to slavery. Were thsy going tothese things, or were tbey going submit to up in their might and re- to rise cruntry to that state cf things store tbe csttiutlon guaranteed? Mr. Lincoln was a whohmicehlythmeac—o not an ugly man, but a homely man. WhantheSouthernbelleswouldgouptoWashingtontoprotect mence. Itwasnecessary,onthefrontier,thatthe tbeproperty. Thepublicrecordshavebeensearched headofthelatelamentedgenu*man,whichgavetheto-s-vett. He avows bis intents** to be to dissolve theU„IOB. tbis wee toe programed framed by Yanwy. andt o many misgudea men foi owed him Southerngeutlem nduced by saying that he had only risen, sa a citizen of Nt-w York olty, to ratify what tbe delegates had done at C'-iarlestcn, and to appeal to them to stand by him atthb Committee on Missions.Mr. Goons, of Kansas, bad objections agaisit conferringble families tn this city died a short time ago intestate The right of tbe son to inherit his father's wealth to con- tested by the other relatives or the deosascd, who assertw 1 bear ma wi a»ae the*, there was a regular moo orga- Baltimore. Many other names might be presented to tmtiaw la {>»-•—* •• The streets were crowded every them, bat only tn him sroald they and the crowning gloryMenkaowntobeinfa?orofDouglaswerecalled cfmarkind,theperfectionofeverymaster. (Appiaoae.)worn their beasts at J huee-l Th't mob was organised to The audience, which during Mr. Field's speech had • a a the «outbe/n delegates and to n i b them believe grown "small by degrees and beautifully leas,'' then ad'he rights of slavery In the States and in the Territories, they would not be apt to try their arts of fascination upon Mr. Lincoln. (laughter.) The principles of the party of wbirh Bell and Everett were the leaders, were not dis- cernible. In conclusion, h e called upon them to " roll o n the ball'' for tbe ticket headed Lincoln snd Hamlin.At the conclusion of Mr. Andrewa' remarks, the chairman read an invitation to the meeting from a neighboring res- taurant, to partake of a c'am chowder, which was re- ceived with loud cheers.Bishops should have tbe power proposed, for no one thoroogbly without discovering satis aotory proof of tbe truster yam* of ewerypamUng ;and tbe highest purchaser could foresee tbe results of the work tor four years. B e marriage, snd It Is more tbanFprobable that th* son anil would be wrasented With it *f>r the salel »t the trhvle &>uth was ready to fmlow them the m >M t t U ; would depait from the Contention and breakMup But .t had vei y htue effect. We went on withtee Convention. 1 was proud once la my life to see tbeserve exhibited by Northern people. (Cheers.) 1w«s proud to aee they were not alarmed; thatwben these men left we did not think the Slateswould leave the Convention, because we knew the Stateswould beatsameUme represented by true men, woowould itand by the nomination, and we ware right. Tha Y oung Men's Kepnbltcan Union TheseStafceareoowtakingstepstosenddelegatestothebe ousted out of the property, though it was genera'iy The caputs*!* room wasdensely crowded in every pariud it tbe tame Mr.Leeds cmmineed business,hadit wpposed, prior to thedeathof his parents, that tbey had J ? » " * 'Baltimore Convention who wtu abwe oy the nominationmade, be it who it may (Applause.) I wah to matte aRutincation meeting. ADDRM8KS BY HORACE SBBKLEY AND OTHKRS.should be supplied with missionaries snd opportunitiesfor moral culture. They bad two missionaries there, andiheel of the wagon struck against a hit, preslpitatrag Stated to be aa original pJetare, aa) pfratutoed to Eaglealmany years since, at the/ile of Benjamin West's.eotto*-lev remarks as to toe Convention at Cnicago, and I will A meeting to ratify the nomination of Lincoln andhad made provision.Dr. Drinnf, the Missionary Secretary, said he to be Insensible from the effects of the Injuries. Death tan. In fact, Its oriaBBality has never been doubted.took place In a short while WsWwnrds from oampreasioa This drawing was beaanfpily sketched, and d d great cre- wss not fully conversant with the needs of that of tbe brain. Coroner Schlrmer held aa Inquest oa the dit to th* bead and pencil of Ge trge Moreland. It so re-journed, with three faint cheers for Doug'as. From the many inqulrhs for Lovejoy's, the Smithsonian and other hotels, it was evident that a considerable proportion ai the audience were strangers in this city.intimated that provision must toon b e made for a Rocky Mountain oonrerence, welch would embrace a considera- ble portion of New Mexico. Be would not oppose the pat ssge of the resolution.REPUBLICAN RATIFICATION MEETINGS.driver of an ice wagon, residing at No.465 West Stxteeittw-n ron:iu<Je As I believe Mr. Yancey and his folto*ere to be opposed to the institutions of this Hamlin was held yesfrday evening by the Young Mens •orajared to tbe heroes of Thermopylae Theyso ntry, in sairj.og out ih«lr designs, so do Republican Union, at their rooms in Stuyvesant Institute. bat io contend against an overwhelming majority of theirpart of the country, and he deferred to the body yeiterdiy. judgment of men who knew tbe wants of that region.st mbled the old Eogttth sheepwaika made tt worthy of much competition, ana although a small draft, tt realised the hsndtome amount of thir v six doiiaea II look upon the black republican parly. Headingtheir uekfct "8 Abram Lincoln, a gentleman who bad thehecor to meet Juige Douglaa in the contest of 1868 ; and»> bia having bean presented as a canlldate againat him, The President, Mr- Bralnsrd, introduced derivedailtheiircmtntLcaheeverhad. (Applause.)Hiahiktory hasbe«n giren by Soca.ar rtichardaon, whoshow the American people that he a as a working man. people so ready to enter into the contest for the support didate alresdy pit forward. The republican party waa aad thus Lottie* the toil ng mill oat to vote for him. 1 tbe party which intended to const crate tbe fair Territo-haveonvit*tna; inreferencetomakingtherails. oftherepublicanprinciples;thatwemesttrusttoGod, riesofIheWesttowhitefarmersandtowhitelabor. V Atram Lroin made rails, it Is no disgrace; and keep our ponder dry;that God was with them, and Wben tbey opposed the Introduction of slavery therebut if ne has no brains put in his head by God there was no such word as fail. But they would have to tney were fighting the battles of the white laborer. He Almighty the making or rails w<ll not pat them there. reviewed the history, of the republican party and alludedBe would make a poor President, if be hare no other combat wiih other parties, and It woald not do to let a to the rise of the opposition to savery as shown tn thethan a rail making quaiiflnation (Cheers.) However, lukewarm spirtt spring up. He said It was necessary to agitation attending the passage or the famous Missoarl Compromise. With all due respect for tbe illustrious Stephen A Douglas was also a working man once bim go among the ignorant snd talk to them. There was a Henry Clay, he did nit like bis action tn regard to thatsell—a cabinet maker. I have, then, this proposition to time when the democratic party were right, and had document He wished that Andrew Jackson was alive make: that we nominate Dougiaa at Ba umdre, and leithe cabinet maker run agaiust tv.e rail mikei; and F pre- great principles; but now ihey had none. The re to.hear South Carolina threaten dlsunlon. The people ofresaxtedthatraLswerecarriedintotheOiaventiontodaycoon,andwhenlastseenalivehewasintoxica'el CorcnerSchlrmerheldanInquestoponth*b*Jyofde-atct we will send them Mth l-*ck to their original em ptoymenta— I mcoln to makUg rails, and Douglas to Cabinet making (Prolonged cheers )BON. KD 0. UABSBALL 3 3PEICH.Hen. £ C MARSEUIL, of Keotur-cy, wat next '.ntro St.ctd Be ism —Mr Trei• lent and lellow democrats,of Alabama, to pub Ish the foUowbagi—ally madebytheMissionary Committee undertheaus- MsjThot.andThoaWI>os»ell,havingeaaUenged Deoiel Thesepictureswerestatedtobeundoubtedlyoriginal,andpics of the CslifornlaConferenM be continued. The re- Bnoae to run four mile heati with Planet, in Virginia, far $A) - well worthy the talented portrayer. Both pictures altnoughtssae mjaeif, but not an uninterested listenir. I know I have D<threg to add to the thoights that have been poured so c eatlj an<i ahundaatl; b»«ore you. (Cries of -'Speak tauder.") By and bv, my frten's. The example or my friend, whose voice 1can never hope to equal, warnsm°The iocky Mountain Glee Gub next sung a campaign song, which produced loud and continued cheering. T h e Chati man «aw the Hon. James A. Brtggs among the auwe will use ary bcnmble means in our power to aid tn tbe triumphal election of Abram TJsoon and Hannibal Hamlin.On mo ion of Dr. PITKIN, tbe Board of Managers were hstructed to gtve their legal concurrence to the act of the General Conference.mates millions in carrying forward the sea- It was not right to my that be had been struck down by tttt.Dt for Docgfas and the Tnira. (L-nid ap- the Convention. It was not so. But the republican party plause.) It is true. There is no doubt It Is owed more to the principles of the party than to any man;erne at last-aad a sad truth—that the union of these that Seward could wait his time, but that they now had -uusa JBmore endangered than in oar history it has ever the best man It was said that be was an unknown man;been Bet it Is also true that the geeat world of civillza but was cot Washington unknown? Bat he had the integ-wca moves on ever under hands mere powerful thaa Pre sweats u d Prime Ministers, and that Provident atur- aiehes for every great ex gency the man to solve its diffi-rity snd tbe honesty, and so had Abram Lincoln. The "Little Sianl", lor whose nomination the people are now shouting at the Cooper Institute, by thousands, knowsPresidency could not add to the brilliancy of the fair history of the ahurch. There were now 464 traveling and warding evidence of tbe high standing of the boose withname of Wm. H. Seward, whose republicanism waa UE local ministers, and more than 22,000 members. The re- which the forfeits are to be deposited. qieeiioned, and who was a firm believer in the "irrpprea- ports were laid ever.expiration of tbe first term, and of each renewal term, ia case tbe parties did not agree would cot otherwise agree as to the rent, tt was covenanted that the same should ba ascertained by arbitrators, bat It was further covenanted tfcat the arbitrators, In aay event, should not fix at lessculty and trlumpn over Its dangers. (Cheers.) The romcibiDg ot Abram Lincoln. He had defeated himf%nce,history of the whole haman race, to those who and would do so again. That tbe Convention met at keep It bo'ore litem, is fell of cheer and Chicago to nominate a good man, and theyaib'e conflict"' When he (the speaker) had first heard Dr. HOIDRICB presented a report of the Committee on These engagements will necessarily prevent our stablesof the nomination of Lincoln, he lay awake all night the Bible Caure. The changes which bad taken place from visiting Philadelphia and New York, which woiethinking of It. Mr. Bcrlelgh concluded by reading a during the last four years in Europe favoring the distri gret, particularly as we had but a few days before thecampaign rallying song which he composed for the occa- bution of the Scriptures were noted. Resolutions were appearance of Messrs. Cheatham and Jackson's communl than f 100 per year and taxes. Before tbe first term ex-hope. When has mansiid wanted anything and bad aone so, and the democrats had batter lookM h a s n o t b e e n m i n i s t e r e d t o h i sWhen especially l a s this broad browed, selfishfaxen race wanted anything, and did not get it?mg from the earlier stipershtiona of the world, it wasfo«:cd that idol worship was not enougbt, and Jeeas Chris sjoae. ihe apeaker went on to cons.der the sereralw a s t* - ingto Fmergout for tbe "rail splitter," for he had the power t-> split democrats sa well as rails. The democratic party, saau lie, can tee nothing but negroes, snd would plant tn tbe beautiful West slavery—the deadly upas—while they wanted to plant free homes for the people. T ae demo-cation subscribed to the four mile post stake to be ran over tbe Fashion Coarse at your next meeting; ao the friends of each course will accept this as our apology for not complying with their wishes, and carrying out our in- tention to visit them at their approaching meetings.pired, West &Halsey assigned or transferred their teas* to tbe appellant, and Mr Geer, at the expiration of th* lease, appointed Wurlz ae bis arbitrator, to agree opon the same. The arbitrator, at Ceer's request, called on De Lyer at different times, and aaked bim to ap- point his arbitrator and fix a meeting, which heA large number were presant, and the pro:jed.og« were conducted with great enthusiasm.He quoted an example afforded by the establishment of the California Conference, to show the necessity of pro-Mr.FnuiiPFaA!r«asBEUDD»,whocameforwardand saidthathewasgladtoseetheroomsofull,andthethefoultouchofslavery. HadbebeenatthaChicago Conventionbissecondchoicewouldhavebeenthecan-whenthepropositionwssadvancedbyBisbopSimpson itPitttbcrg,believingthenthattherewasnoneedofit;but he acknowledged his error, and did not want to make deceased. Verdict," Found drowned." another luch mistake.tbeCrownedBead," "Macduffs Wife'aadChildren Sbd*,'' ('Death of Lady Macbeth," "The Witches of Mac* »*»,"realized»«*. _%NEW YOUK HERALD, WEDNESDA Y , M A Y 2 3 , 1860.-TRIPLB•«»ccbedgofroses,aiidwehavetougntagainstthisandconsiderableenthusiasmprevailed.Outsidetbebuilding bonfires biased aad fireworks were dtotmargoi. A bend of moils mtenpertod toe proceedings with nvagj aira. Among those present en tbe platform ware Mesara Jceepb Lord, Lucius C Andrewa, Joan Rankla, J. 0. » • djae, W. H. Burleigh, f. H. Rodman, H. B. FJeiaon, aad8EVENTEENTH DATA PROCEEDINGS.ANEWcbuFIRltNCZFOBTHB80UTHWB8T—KLKC- namesaadresidencesarediscoverable,callingtheiratsay it at we can find soma man who is neither oae thing i or he Cher, and put bim on a Viatform that means no- tfci8g,SE<l ioelec.hin. It cult be done. Yon aad I are t red or this thing (Applause ) W e are getting toplatform in 1*62 and sa l»5d, w e eoald again b e auoceea- papers whcee drcn'stkm I with w sa not t ofaiapen(hetameprinciplesenunciatedandadvocated arge aaitto—circulatestotheextremesofoar byusatthatunto(Caeera)Taeuewerecertainmencountry.IgetitaadreaditaWisconsineveryauspicesofwh<chaadtheBocky_J£an»»,»«*5Jexerctrea.Tbegallerieswerenotcrowdedthismining,samelawttiaalsoenactedthat"itshallbetbedutyofingswereInseparatelots,andranuptotheinaircrcf there, however, who desired that piaVrorm changed— day.* la it tha people wbtm you would attempt 'wigwsm" was inaugurated. He stated the object tor n consequence of a rain storm prevailing. St, James' rleigvmec, mapistrstes, and other persons who perform 1*0. So rich snd rare a oollectioa it has seldom been otrwho desired a platform that in tteolf would have been to 6* reive with such a haif ax 1 half candidate. But they which the "wigwam" was built. _... ._Hallwascrowdedyesterdayafternoonbydelegates,visi-ters aad resident sitlaens, to listen to a discourse byBishop Simpson, who Is looked upon aa the most eloquentof tbe Buakters connected with the Methodist church. It widowed, and to report tho same on or before tbe first were sold. We cannot but draw particular yt^tiaat was certainly a masterly discourse, his text being "Great Monday of esch and every month to the City Insoector." No. i l l , ''LBomme-Man Between Virtue and Vtoa." is the mystery of Godliness.'' in speaking of the onward The penalty provided for all violations of the above set, This palnung In itself was well deserving the pencilractive of thedemocratsp«rtyiatheNorthern •who desired a platform that of itself was too mu:naregistryofthamarnigeBcelebratedbythem,wblca shs'l coniain, as near as the same ran be ascertained, tie names and surnames of the parties married, the rati- derre, age, aad contli'ion of each, whether single orprivilegetowitness,andmanyofthemweresovaluable that we select from the number above stated Ihe leadlni aad attractive ones, which we publish arrtatte M theyrayweareweddedtooneman,andaskisthereao other man who can become a demoeiattc President (Avo'ce —'-Not one ') No' Not oee! (Apnlause.) We are told rnat the masses of the South are as much frr Douglas as we are, and I belive it (Aprlease.) Let Lis be nominated, then, give the people their choice,and we shall have victory perched upon our banners. (A pha principle* and go before the oonat-y and troduced to the audience, wboa, during and after Mr. He (the speaker) b id heard Mr. Lincoln In his great aad iti fsai, but wsen atksd, in private con tpee ib i t the Cooper Institute, and b e believed the coon, Miaalliin, what will yoa do in the erect of larrabees speech had dwindled away to a couple of try bad never produced a man of each ability. At thewetf bt Tor aay democrat to carry in the crnvass of 186?Th*e men were .«J on by a geiiUimau of the nana ofWas I- Van.) of Alabama Mr Yaicy desired theadopdaa of tan ptit'or m; aad in its *d»otoa be said ifwe met defeat, it was better to meet defeat upon princi-ples which he thought sound than » w * o s prlsciplee pause)MTRrrrsF AKDRIWBWIS mtrodveed. TheCOM- ticn which lately met at OWeago, he said, had ajrerjrim portent duty to perform. Among the names presented wis that of Wm. H 8eward-(freat Wlhusnh-aadl» was the general expectatloB that he would receive the nomination. Horace Greeley declared his belie' that the nomination of Seward would result in defeat, a n d t h e Convection did not throngh t o y feeHnga o f Ill-will rejeet that gentleman, b a t because It belbved that the ticket Ofof a .progress of Christianity, ho alluded to the attention which importance of these regulations must be apparent on a Bogirth. The delineations are so finery drawn a th*which beoooiuiered unsound, as he pronounced the On SFKECH OP THOMAS C FIELD.ctooati platform to be. Mr. Yfcacy desired mat we should Mr. Taoaus C FtsxD, of New York c'y, wak thenin- lincoin and Hsmblln would be crowned with sucaeaa.is a One of fifty dollars fcr each and every oOence. Thea rtpubixaa being elected in place of a de- mocrat, ha aaawere.1 —"A*, OLM WS will die serve the Ualoa. ' Tica It is easy to tee and aaderttesvl why he »d 'p«^o tnn platform It was that the dessocratus party tbignt be defeated, aad that he andhundred. Mr. Field insisted that Idnooln was nominated, coming election they were to uphold the platform adiptadsions, to authorize tbe bishops to constitute the missions ron ot attention to the law, and who, perhaps, are en- Veronese has Immortahntd himself in thai sketch, sata tirely igtc-ant of the fact of its exist-newn Arizona and New Mexico a mission annual conference, Many very serious difficulties grow out of manyetbert, aad there cauu not have been ea'ytain* was under discussion when the Conference adjourned on the neglect to comply with the law in this produced by this pious portrayer of human character toinstead of Seward, at the Chicago Convention, not at Chicago. Slavery was to be kept within the bounds to gratify the conservative, but as a pledge to the aboil where it at present existed, and where It would yet killtoa sentiment of tbe country. Seward was obliged to take back his Rochester speech, and his conservative speech was his winding sheet |Grteley, who is always foremost Initseif. Tbe democratic party was split Into two factions on the question of slavery,and an opportunity was given to them to slide In between. For over three years theySaturday. When the minutes were read and approved, the u fcussion waa returned.espect, and the title to Urge ameoato of property is fre oavtace even th* dullest epprt uenaioa of the fact thatquestly rendered null and void, owing to the aisence ofproper legal record It is sail that even now th TO is a he had profoundly studied tbe subject before be broughtthe ?outb bore the same relation to the people publicans were ready to go w<th the oppressed hand Vorth that tbe nobility of Sngland did to tbe people there. in hand, and to give all iheir righta He had Tbe republican party was not to be put down. It would» The portraits of Lous XIV. and lady, and Linti XV. and gested that tbe contingent appropriation of t2,000 annu- Mv DBtx Ooi.O!»ii.:- I am aathortzed by Mr. James Jaaksin lady, were splendid specimens from the pencil of Kignard.come fmm the South, and it was there thathe had tbe honor of being made a citizen, and he knewv.het the Southerners were: they were generous, aye,oven to a fault; but tbey bad Dad views reiatlre to slavery Tney were bound up in it, and no right to be de- prefer led the following resolutions, which were a loptcdi—prived or it. Th© republicans did not want to deprive Reeolvfd, That we hail with satisfaction the nominationthtm cf their slaves, tbey ou'y wanted to provide against of Abram Lincoln, of Illinois, for tbe office of President, ihe extensicn of slavery. They would do all in i t e r EiLd that of Hannibal Hamhn, of Maine, for the office oftoluticn as amended was adopted.A resolution of tbe Missionary Committee, recommend-000latitat $15,0X0, or for SB) CO aside if ran at Chtrieaiw. the undertigced aeeept tbe ehaueage, and will m u Danisl Boose Baalist Plaret.cn tbe terms aimed, over tbe AshtoBd Course. Virginia, during the menth of October next. Or theysmall, were superbly got ap, and realized tha Landsome sum of SOB.there * w a lady occe at a bail, aao, iiie myseir, was ahstle paw. and wbo eat as a wait tliwor. until this time ofatgtt, I ttxk, tome young, gallant ani gensrous gen'.Ie- power to prevent it. They knew it was an evil, and they Vice Presided or the lolled States.Messrs.Crane andMoodymade speechesinfavorofthe sppointment of an assistant secretary. As there ap- peared a desire on the part of delegates to make speeches on the question, Dr. DAMDSOSmoved the previous ques-theDeanellpartymivname.W.T.CHEAlHAM, JAMBS JlOKSUif.aaaa oviteo ber V)take a dacce, when she aad, '-Yes,aw, aad thaak you, too, for 1have eat (here until 1thoughtI wtutd take root. ' (laughter , 1 have sat there some Hanilin was tbe best thing the republicans cmild hav s done. campa'gn with a zeal that knows no abatement, and thatwould say of slavery, so lar shalt thou go and no farther. In conclusioc, be said that the nomination of Lincoln andResolved, That we, the republicans of Kings county, do hereby pledge ourselves that we will enter the comingdience, and called upon him to address themResolved, That in the nomination of Abram Lincoln, of Illinois, tts honest man, the faithful representative agaisit trvlog to do the thug all a> once. (Laughter.) 1 he had just come frum the Convention, which had "put snd tee true and faithful patriot and champion of popularTbe CBJJRJL4Hof the Committee on Sunday Schools pre-sion, and which commenced is follows;l'p, sgsin for the conflict! our banner fling out,And rally around It with song and with shout!Stont of heart, firm of hand, should the gallsnt boys be, Who bear to the battle the flag of tbe free!Mr. G a Hr.vn.iT was next introduced, and addressed"'o, too, the clumsy and sluggish powers of machinery re'pnty,"' and they must be short of funds, as one of the the meeting at some length.needed to be expedited. The world wanted something tq-latter sovereigns had lately taken an immense amount The meeting then adjourned, with loud cheers for tha pert:—cratic party wanted to plant nigger auctdoa stalls, while great liven ions woich had mlmatcred to the need of the republicans wanted to plant churches The demo mankind from age to sge. and concluded sa follows — critic party-had to stard with the "Little Squatter Sove-Irctented expressive of tbe obligations which tbe Metho- dist church were under to the American Bible Society, for literal grants to religious snd benevolent societies at home and abroad. The report and resolutions were unani- mously adopted,fatter than carrier )>igeoes or hones, and there came cf it out of the country. Ue said that he bad gone into republican iTesldential ticket.IiErOBT OF TUB SEVERAL ANNCAT. COKFEREKCES ON* TDE PROPOSED CHANGE OF TOE GENERAL RULE.Planet. Several communications, over assumed signv 1,1865, when the landlord, G e r . told De Lyer if ha tures, have been written on the subject, and the author expected to stay be must pa; S200 a year and taxes Tha of one of them seems to infer that a letter to which h e alludes may have been written with our knowledge or conhe baa been recognised as the boldest an^ ablest nt poll as tbe gent eo.an nas retlr.ng Horace Greeley cane Into France8 Trrell, who died on the third day of May at her Arktnias vc:aas. He hap conatru-i?d partiea and. platforms for the room, an 1 was received with the most deafening father's house, In South Weymouth, met yejterdsy after- Baltimoret mteh*, whenever they were needed. He ought to have cheers, anJ wavi'.g of hati and handkerchiefs. The Glee coon at two o'clock, at Mr. Tirrel's bouse. The first wit flaeiniTer .. keen PrpsMent eight jears ago, and I tried to make him Club aga'-u edifle-1 the assemblage with a campaign song, ness called was Dr. Augustus A. Hayes, of Boston, to Californiaso, bat then he could cot have been here ti entitled, "There's a good time coming. At its occhi whom the stomath sod viscera of the deceased wore sub- ( ircirjM. 1fomented. To reflect npon Lexington would be a reflec out a drsposaesslng process In tne summary way beforeskn—fulftl the time. (Applause) Then we had to* Mr.HoursGKHEIXTcameforwardsndmittedforthepurposeofbeinganal;zed.HJdeposedaaI>ela-ware . . . . letrclt£. Btldmcre..,724616118Bra^y, cisroseessed bim.BAJJKIXGHorsEOPENDBBH,SCTTO*ACo.Betsra. fbomaa A T. W. Doeweil have taia day deposited From that judgment De Lyer now sppeals.whh uafifteenihoutand dollars—the forfeit referred to m the After Mr GeerT8 death, B G. Wells was appointed, withsponsibilities and its glorious hupes. limply cal.ing your Genetee have got along somefiow, anyhow. (Lsogater.) Tflat attention to the stupendous developemects of official sealed, said to contain the stomach and contents and la Illinoisgreatagony,'hankGod,Isover,ornearlyso (Great fraud,peculationsndtheftrecentlymadebeforeinvest! tt6tin.esofMitsBetseyFrancisTirrell,forchemicalacaiy Indiana touchier.) Now what sort of a man is that dkarnstrng re- gating committees at Washington and in the federal offices sis, wi'h a view of detecting poison; the stomach, with Iowa1 108— - 6* 29 6c' 34proprted races mentioned above.ENLBKH, 80TfOM A CO., Richmond, Va, May19,1880.Mr. Latham, a* his administrators. The case was fully argued before the general term by Mr. Byrne for appel- lant, and by Mr McMabon for the landlord. This day judgmentofsffirmancetofavorofthelandlordswasspectabill y who it called Bell, to be put bafore the coun-try when th* waves of feeling are rising as they arcscw» (Applause.) He and that other fellow—! forgethsssine,butIsupposeboisagentleman—are prettycrafts to rMe m puch a sea. (Laughter.) I hsve no dxibtthey are very good sort of men, (laughter, applause andh»iep%) but tley are not the men for the time. Now tor vital, not leas imminent—between frugal government and been weighed; I judged that there was more than s'iffi htm England . these other feliowi They got together and from their honest administration on one side, and whslesale execu- cient poison found hi the part analyzed to cause death; n. Esuipatlre . mud and 6;th fished up L-aroto. (Gnat isoghter.) I waative corruption, legislative bribery, and peculativajob-ported as the man who whipped the Little Giant. A fuany bery on the other i and we recognise in honest Abe Lin- which Ifound crystals broken to a coarse powder, and North Indianacoln the right man to lead us In both.sortofwhipping that was,where thevictorwaslyingsupinely on his bark, covered with the saad or the arena The resolution was received with great cheers. Mr.(Laughter aad appiaoae.) A coatitet which ended tn the Greeley then proceeded, and stated that he would pass to the eye, and in its ordinary state, not like that in the Oneida detected party, to calte.t, being elevated to tbe highest over a great many thiags, and at onoe plunged into the stomach; there it had become dissolved, which it would t-rejtci;post aa Asaenoaa citizen can hold—that of a Senator of savery question. Slavery, said he, would not gain naturally do after tbe lapse of several days; I have pre- Ftorlathe lated Slates (appiarae) Yon remember Lin another inch or ground in these States. That It was Pre- served tbe spion snd the contents in nearly the s&ms f lilac elpkia...c.ini speech—nt.d is he not'—he to aa abolitionBL sidentBuchanan andthejfedeial governmentthatwere stateInwhichIreceiveditWont baa bis saymg that "a house divided against tts*f opposing them la the extinction af slavery. Give the peo-ap n Connecticut a few days ago, and I saw this fellowEowe; tbe bowl was smeared with some fruit jelly, iaK. V. haat.....-claimed to be the members of i n association called tbetemptto»>opihemistfwop.byhallooing•'Whoa'"toa tocomotlTo en a down grade with a drunken engineer (Uugtteraadapplause) ImustlootatthatRochesterelecttheirman,iftbeyhadtoresortto the tame thing He said that some of the delegates to the Baltimore Con- ventionhidalltheireipenstspsidbythedemocratic90in this city, 1 ask yoo to unite with me in this resolu- t i o n -portions adhering, were subjected to analysis and found to contain a poison called strychnine; a portion only of tha stomach was operated on for the separation of the poison, anditwssfoundinsufficientquantitiestowarrantthecon- tusion that death was produced by this cause; 1 cannot say what quantity of poison was found, as it has not retKtntKi A Feb Kentucky Maine MtchgtB hunneai ta. SUlSOtri >ew«i:k— —161 16116 i 12J 1 12. 77 341 4) 9? ICC3!WITH A DIFFERENT TERMINATION.[From tbe New Orleans Delta, May 18 JThere wasanImmensecrowd, between twelveaol fifteen hundred, down at the Oaks this morning, to see aprize fight between two men named Bell and DonnellyResolved,Thatwerecognise cotonemerely,buttwo irrepressible conClcta—the first between expansive free labor en the one hand, and aggressive, all grasping slave ry piopsgaoiiem on the one other; the second—not less18 141A c t i o n OBI A l l e g e d B r e a c h Vow a Barge oa aao r C o n t r a c t t o Excursion.ple on'y an honest Pretideut and they would take care of the savery qnettion; that the present government was forcinguponthepeopleslavery;thatthey/IdnotwantDr. ippletcn Howe, the family physician, who waa called to attend Miss Tirrell on the night of her death, wasrecalledandtestified—ImadeanautopsyofthebodyFttiiturg frovttfenee....Berk RivtrB. X. Iiciana.. ~"~ & IllinoisTroy94U461 44 80together a great crowd, who got on a ba<-ge which waa towed from Fulton ferry to pier No. 8, North river. Meantime the steamboat took a large crowd ataaoaot itand— (A voice. "Iaat that so?')—and that heaid not expect the house •> fall, bat to cease tj bodivided"—whatbasthattodowiththeTerritories? (Apptaas* ) He made that speech, as Seward made it Tbe last election was stolen irom the republicans by of B. Francis Tirrell, with the assistance of Drs. Fifield Vermont.the Rochester apoecb, and tbey are n«e the mad- bribery and corruption That the democrats bought up and Town; I removed the stomach and portions adhering Cpi er Iowa...80 -74 - IUWwss a seil, and bad it not been for the presence ofmost of tbe knowing one* on tbe ground, many woalddoubtless hare given ap waiting, and gone home.house man—Smith—or Ihe Brown who was hong, or evtry one and everything, and had to resort to fraud tothat fellow, whose name I am proad to forget paythepeople. Contractsweregiventopeopletofurnish ItInthessmeconditiontoDr.A A.Hayes,in Boston;I Wise-niinproperly covered and sealed it; the next day I delivered at Wa*hintu,n they go rfown, and you might as well at be would rather cot see the republican party told him that It contained the stomach of B Francis Tir-W. Hieeonilo. - -wto to trying to make a martyr of himself articles that were not wanted so as to pay them. AndWjczLiugTotal,'' 319It woulda't do to say that down there, you koow-bui for rillmcre with honest intentions, is they thought they then read. He testified at that time that he was called in quarterly conferences. why deaat it show there? (Laughter ) Let the republi might be ible to carry the Slate of Xew York. But now a great hurry on Tbursday evening, May 3, to attend Miss*said —The past— 166get along with Pierce, and we got alongpretty well, 1 thank you (Laughter and ap- is dead, let the dead bury it, and let its mourners, If 1 reside in Boston, and am a doctor of medicine and a Ratt O r e teeplause ) .since then we fcavo got along. Well, I pre they rill, go aw./, the streets, while we devote ourselves chemist; I received en Sunday, May 6, from Dr. Appieton KM: Baire... 47 - 44 fer to lay nothing upon that point. 7l.augbter.) We to the living present, with its presiing duties, its vast re- Howe, of Weymouth, a stene jar, properly secured and ErieHiPresidentoftbeAshlandReimbll^C^,underIkToa.of Sooth Illinois, conducted tha opening devotional reentb, to tbe City Isspestor." By another ascttos of tbe leries of the Irvlag Bclldisg. 634 Broadway. The pamt- th* marriage ceremony to the city of New Yoik, to KeepClours 8. Si-Etna WBSnext Introduced.gnuful, he said, for the privilege of addressing the citi- zens of Brooklyn, and he was always happy to have tbe privilege of addrfising republicans. The republi cscs of the cities of New York and Brooklyn hethe vast population which was to occupy thai Territory Eighteenth street, near Ninth svenne^sVnen the fore . N o 40, by George Morefand, " Shaep'V(op panel), wagcome forth from esch struggle with renewed strength for tbe neiting the election of sn assistant Corresponding Secretary of the Missionary Society, who should reside in the West,Mr. J. 0 NODTSI, the secretary of the meeting, nowMr. Leeds proceeded with tbe sale ap to ten o'clock, wben be finished lot 87,and then closed. Th* whole s u p under tbe direction of the Board at Xew York, gave rise match at Mewpb'e. They are also willing to match Laura Par realised, Independently of tbe sums stated la tbe fore-Notwithstanding we do not consider that the proposi- tion referred to as having been mads by as is now open, (it not having been accepted at the time It was made, aad nearly six weeks having elapsed between theoforaci any intimation to us of its proposed acceptance,) yet we are wiling to take both propositions of Measra Cheatham and Jackson.Ho?. J '.MES A , BIGG? then came forward and said thatam deiigkted, fr«Dtiemen, at this expression of the opiuou tie right men in the right place." Mr. Severd, said b9, rights, we feel confident of a victory that will lorever snd also suggesting a change ia the Discipline in reference of October next, for f a ,000, or Planet atrainst $15,000 onaf New York , aod I have one thing to tell you, that yoo had many friends in the Convection, and true ones, but give •eside. sjjeee walla ae impwiie which, outside, ani- the Convention knew that they could not elect him,sndfollows :—on the 12th of May I received a pewter spoon from Dr. New Jersey,.75- - 67-I -I wice73 73liuthoseprovedtobestrychnine;Icould notdeterminethe quantity of strychnine which I found there; it was visibleRorth Ohio.... R.W.Indiana. Ohioand put them Into a stone jar, on Saturday, May 5, and » . Vrrgtato....73 11579?! ? Mrell,sndthatMr.SilasBinney,theCoroner,requestedthat be wculd analyze it for the purpose of ascertain* icgwhethertherewisanypoisoninit; onSaturday.179S 1416and a grand rash of vehicle* and pedestrians took place forfrontpositions.Theropesbeingstretched,themenhavingcom*Intothoseontbebargeandsteamboat,whowould nottrim the beat, and the oflioers of the defendants' vessel were araidtoattemptit SomeofthecrowdthenattemptedHe felt veryatesm Steam toon became too slow for our genius, aadwow we tee the whole couniry wired over and our messa*eetentasqoickly asthoughtItselfcango Itellyoumatwhenwewant arjythiog we have it (Applause)Now,neverwasamanbetterprovidedtosuitthetimssmitteeInconclusion,beraidtuattherepublicanpartyThejuryofinquestsummonedt»investigatethecir- ForAftFur'AgtFor\AytForAft.participationinthojealousrivalrythussoughttobe$26perquarter.Uponthatthelandlordtook than o:r nominee. For JP»/8_I knew it when a boy— would el.»ct Lincoln and Himiin by a large majority. Just cumstances attending the sadden death or Miss Betseythe nicci.. g at Cooper Institute to hear tbe resolutioni read,andtheywere very "bigbfalutin,'' buttheydid nottayawordaboutthefoetmasterortbe CovodeCom-The Poisoning Case at Weymouth, Mass. [From theBoston Courier,May22]( hfinnati Protirlmiv Erie.sent While ttu notexactly pertinent tothesubject under censideration, wetakethisoccasiontodisclaimallappellant stayed en tbe premises until August, 1865. when theJanitor-!.Geer,dementedrentattberateofi60per quarter, but he lefa-ed to pay, and offeredspeech a moment. An •irrepressible conilic;" between party; „that the nomination of Ball and Everett was plain- May 12,1 delivered to him a pewter spoon which I re- from thirty two annual conferences,signed by 3,999 me- the ring, and the corners having been decided by tossing to threaten and assault the pilot, and used very bid lan- wnai?Whythereare8OtO.uOOoffreewhitesdoanlyasham.WhowasgoingtovoteforthemfTbatitceivedfromMrs.AlmiraTirrell,whosaiditwasfoundiamoitBlistsanathirty-ninequarterlyconferencesForanpahalfdollar,whichresultedInfavorofBell,thestrip-guagetohim.Thecaptainofferedtotowthemoutbya Bouta, and from three to four hundred thousands of wnitas was done to take votes away from the republicans; that a the toom where Frances died. The spoon was smeared, change of the role aad for tho extirpation of slavery ping for tbe fight took place, the seconds and principals long hawser; this was related Finally tbe committee, tt aoDBccted with slavery* Now if there s an -irrepres m u m-ght talk Bell and Everett, bat that he meant with a substance similar to syrup or preserve. there appeared 811 memorials from thirty-three annual shook bands, and the fight commenced. was claimed, made an arrangement to get the steamboat•Jbie casdhct,,' why don t it appear there ? (Applause.) Douglas and somebody else; that In 18S6 men had voted The testimony of Dr. Howe at the previous meeting was conferences, signed by «,8*7 memorialists and forty-urneBoth men were In apparently good condition, Bell seem- Ohio, which was done, and she towed the barge and car- ins to us outeiicrs to have some advantage to weight, but ried out the excursion. They then west to Amos Donnelly a greater activity balancing that pretty equally. street fcr that pnrpose, and while there tha Donnelly was called an " up tewn" boy, being backed in pilot of ibe Maj flower was assaulted, and the First District,snd Bell a"down-town"boy,beingbscked in the Third District Donnelly fought a prize seme attempt made to throw bim on the dock,1 go down there, with Cneever and Parker nobody would vote tor Bell; that It woald be a fight he B Frances Tirrell, who was said to be dying. When hefor their tweencorruptionandvirtue. Hestated that corruption arrivedstthehousehefoundherlyingonher side with ehaptatoa, with that fellow Boraham for their liquor comm ssary, with kalktck for their teacher-of social morali in the Poet Office bad been going on for eome Ume, and her face to the wall Be felt for a pulse, but found no (laughter aad applauee), aad with Gea. Sumner totheknowledgeofthegovernment;buttherewereother pulsationIntheregionoftheheart Herface was very tobeartbeswordforthawhole.(Hisses)waysofrobbinginthe1'cstOfficebesidestheFawlersya pale,andthefeatureswerecontractedvery.'mnch.He Wek, 1 a n t going to discuss that slavery tem. The robbery of the clerks was not estimated in tbe made an examination the next day, the results of whichto that they were never better off than they are toft He spoke of the late bribery case In the United connected with the death of Mies B. Frances Tirrell, and The motion cf the Professor was founded upon the act titie eoarrer, seemed to have the advantage, and suoseeded Tbe case is a pretty good illustration ol the result or allBOW , down Sooin ('• That's so, ' and renewed applause.) S airs Marshal's office where he tald men watched vessels In my opinion thesymptocs indicated poison; I assisted forming the Law Department of Columbia College for tne in closing Bell's left eye, and touching his right pretty such excursions. The jury went out and stood eleven toTha eotoay of Liberia, you kaow, to lot successful. It aa they were preparing to go on slave voyages;thosewho Dr. Howe in making the examination, I was present admissicn of tbe Senior class ot that institution. The law rooghly. Bell, however, proved to be tso powerful for one in favor of defendant A<ter being oat several hoars, had she beet atowere from the Sjuth aad pleaty of money went after them were given several thousands of dollars wben Dr. Howe put tbe stomach in a stone jar and sealed his adversary, and knocked him out of time in the one they came in sgsin, and beard a further charge from tha aad yet it failed (appiaoae) I artoh you o raidhave and then came back and reported that tbe vessels could It op; I did not see him deliver it contains a sect on " that allacta Inconsistent with thisact hundred and forty-fifth round. After fighting for over Judge, and retired and brought In a verdict for plain'JD*Mrs. Almira tirrell, the mother of the deceased, and a are hereby repealed." Previous to this tbe Legislature two hours, Donnelly was knocked square oil h s legs tor |42, which compels them to payi youcger sister about 12 years of age, were then called hid enacted that every male citizen of tbe age of twenty- time and again, and got down to avoid blows at almostArrivals and Departures. ABBIVaLB.question BOW: but one thing to certais, and $i6e,000; aad he said the present government was tbe have been given heretofore.that M that the negro to never worse off than when in meet corrupt one that we have ever seen, and that the Dr. Fifield was then recalled, and his previous testi-Africa (•That's so, ' and applause) Aad another deUclenctea would b>fearful when the present Incumbent mony read. It was as follows:—I have heard the facts attorneys and counsellors at law of the Supreme Court ing the first few rounds, Donnelly, who was the most scien ducted on this occasion, snd be claimed $500damag<aswea the court of Solouque, with a wood growing forty not be found; that the present government was rotten and corrupt, and he was sore tbe people did not wtoh ity a « s from it, tney being too devtltoh laiy to cut it Kthat tbey now bad true *•"* ~— * '•nd examined. At the request of the Coroner the evi- oae years, upon application to be admitted to practice asevery round. Bell did tbe figbing from the jump, and dressed like mem, looking like them aad talking, I verily to make the government a model one, and he was certain dence to not made public. The jury were expected to an attorney and counsellor in the courts of this State, pursued Donnelly into his corner every round, and somebell ve tbe same language. (Beaewed laaghter.) Why, the people would support them Ths reason the govern make up their verdict In this case eome time during the should be examined by the JusUiee of the Supremo times throwing him heavily against the ropes. Bell wastbe darkies are not like as; they don't feel like as, ihsy Kent wsa so far behind in tmeeting Its liabilities, was the evening. George C. Bersey, the person charged with Court at General Term, and upon, a certificate of tbe good so much punished about the face that he had tbe appear-<i> wo—(laughier aad appataaa)—nded with monkeys, isd true and honest men, who were goingdm t look tike an; smell of them, they don't assetl like ©orrupwon of the governors. He said that he would say having sduintotered the poison, will be brought before moral character of the applicant, and that sucn a ance of having the worst of the fight for over an hour, LiviBFOci^Fteamaklp EdtBbnrir-Mr and Mrs Burk sad— (Iproaroeaapplauseaadmerriment) IbelieveI batlittleabouttheBomimts ThatheknewLincolnto JusticeHumphreythismorning at10o'clockatWey- personhadbeensoexaminedandfoundtobequali- Donnelly preserving hisfrontispiecealmostwithouta servant,MrandMr*reodeawandiwichf<trso,BrMmat"will net pursue that line of argument, tbe speaker be a supeiior man. and smart as Douglas was; that Lin mouth landing. He will probably have the case post- fied, that he should be entitled to practice aa aa at- scratch daring .that Ume. On several occasions Donnelly Bra Janrs leigh Rev MMortaa. Mt i Br South Sir.MriecnetucM by laughably toaiatag that Mr Dougtoa was coin had beaten bun la the State of Illinois, and that he poned to await the verdict of the Coroner's Inquest In the torney and counsellor at law In all the courts of was knocked nearly out of time, but would manage to Mrs Korgan J Q. Ill Phfttp Cla/k, John <i Headwase. 1wasthefirstrepublicaneverelectedtoofficeiathatState, what tbey threatened. Tbey would ao* dare to carry It and be was sare there wsa a good time coming. He then eat. and tbey were willing to come baek into the D*an •poke rf Hamlin, who. he said, was a democrat when bacaseofMaryTirrell. Dr.Hayes,towhomthevtooeraof the deceased was submitted for analysts, bas not made a complete examination In this case yet, and Is not ready toget np,sndalter facing batadversary bewoaldgo Williams.MNormoodBrBruleea,JGKe.itoa,MhwBeBwe- ney. Bra Weir, MrR Runcorn, ae» John r ore, BrsOaik*, provisions, the committee named in the act have per- down to gain time, and thereby recover bis wind. The Mits Anrslire Cooke. John Berry Cooke (iafantj. Mr Pedroee, endurance of tbe two men waa almost superhuman, and Rev J J Crowley. James Balktaakaw Benry RBloea. £••* the length of the fight surprised everbody. Donelly, Orsage GbasBordda RevWt w/llltoflts. ThaiSerfs, aeaal MEeigB.CBruceAllejie,MtosLauraCllfttn,Pitoatdlsk.certain to be nominated The secede*s did not meanthis State. In view of these several acts and constitutionalcreate Bageiar OsavwaUm today tf they could. Ifbe knewhim,bntwhohad resigned and come overtothe report;butittounderstoodthat hisanalysis thusfarbaaI'jrmed the functions assigned to them. They have exa-APHCfl OP JTDGI LAMtAMlX"iviBviB-ttsamthip A igusta-C Itebbtaa »?4 wife. MtoSbUrabail he spieobee. from examination, that tbe dog wsa killed In some other an, he proceeded to say that he bad never seenzenship, with tbe clerk of tbe court W e have now, said tre Professor, to ask the Court that an order may be en- tered that these young gentlemen have bean examined aad found to be qualified, aad that they be admitted to p r a c t i c e I p r o p o s e I o s u b m i t t h e p a p e r s — t h e d i p l o m a sout of time, he came to the scratch and knocked Bell Currin Mbs Martoh Watte*. George Farter aad whb. J • squire off his legs. He made many desperate attempts f uiiatea aad wwe. T Doris aad wife, Mrs stomatto, ekAd aad? ? M --SL"!!!?.111" » *"*•• He was glad that BOW, Tbe C&tiiaua addressed tbe p-iple for a few minutes, way.Ufant Bra AbJord, eiLtt aad lafaal, B Oam. wtta Ww * drew and two servants; Mrt, Carwr, Iaaae Abraka **l. 2riBin Moultcn, Btos Carroll J B Mareat and wd*. Mr and Br* Bow den air* S a Glecsoo, Master J r»Oleoma. ^Bepktos. w i f e , t a r e * e b f l d r r a a a d e u r a e ; Mr W B T B o r k s n d w i f e , B n Bw e r2L5mZ?2T±+1itltSTJ fxtartawfa? T f * 4»» -PPeal rreca pollspeaking of tbe arrangement tbey had made with tbe Tiematnt family to ting songs during tha coming cam palgn, which Information was received with evident •aito- f s c t i o a b y t h e a u d i e n c e . N e w m e m b e r s s i g n e d t a e r o l l ,to get in his left upon Bella only remaining eye, but alwaji missed bis mark or fell short altogether After lb* fight Bell, though badly punished about the face, w a l k e d o v e r a c t i v e l y t o t h * c o f f e e . h o u s e n e a r b y , w h i l e? •* ^BOSTON, May 22 1M 0 The invrtOgatton by the Coroner's jury a the 1st* •jsteriout death at Weymouth baa resulted in declaraaar" » • ° b « »•*»• • ' Cdea-gat^aj^lestow. Is* not BOW, asever, pledged and some minor business was transacted.th* secular press was giving t> th* subjectA resolution, recommended b y the Committee o n Mismcmeat's consideration. Nevertheless, there are said to subject Itself so vttidr/ sketched, that any oa*eabe hundreds of physicians, clergymen, fee., w h o pay n o tttt-ouM almost p r o a * * * a living reaJBy. Pack, tttbe rising country, was to adopt the recommendation of riages. The bead of one of the oldest and most respecta-Mr. Leeds having ascended 'the "pulpit,"' stated that very picture enumerated la the dialogue v a tbe pro.FOUND DKOWSID.—Patrick Devlin, a native cf Ireland, aged forty five years, residing with his family, at No 18 viding for the wants of the Southwest. He (the speaker) Trinity rlace, was found drowned at f$g*m- 8 NorthTbe five sketches originally beateKaWaih Urastrated.... -116106134}TM—lion or oc Nina, tbe dam of Planet, Boston being her sire, Judge Willis, and after a trial cieposseased him. After149, - ! 149 - } 1491 -14966 1S3 111ss well as the sire of Lexington. We propose to run our being dispossessed, the appellant re en'ered and took pos- horses on their own menus alone, free from all "entaug— 64 - i 66ling alliances,"' and in this "Spirit" we enter iito these session , and Geer brought this act ou of ejectment against engagements. THOMAS & TBOMA8 W. D03WELL. De Lyer, and the Court, at special term, before Judgo42 109 II )27 891332 40 4 40166 12 170 8 169St69Also, that there appeared and had beentoldbefore the oommittee,againstachangeoftherule,187menorialsTha Columbia College Dl/HcnUy. SUPRBMB COCRT—GENERAL TERM. BeforeHon. Judges Sutherland,MoltenandBonney.HI 24 115 Si 4TMePrizeFight InNewOrleans.TDE HKENAN AND BAYERS CONTEST RE-ENACTED, entered.67 sa 91ban1 1(12 38K 2About half past six O'clock, however, tbe combatants Peck slip, and went to foot of pier No. 8 Nortn river,arrived npon tbe field, accompanied by their backers,and where tbe barge was laden with passengers. An atthe preparations for ring making commenced. After some tempt waa made by tbe defendants boat to hitch on tofeintsabouttbe point which would be fixed upon,tbe thebarge,butwithout success,owing,asthedefendant*stakes were finally driven down under a cluster of oaks, claimed, because ot tbe riotous aod improper conduct ofSHEET.City Intelligence.Ik-rosaairca or Baaanaama B o n a asm Mtsai tana—Tha City Inspector has addressed circulars to all the physi- ctoas, midwlves, clergymen aad ataglstratas whoasIerty of the late Mr Burton, with the exception of two rence; but they (the General Co iference) created tt, and that there never was a marriage eolemniz?d between the sad would be sold without reserve by order af the ex*! siu.p'y Eaid to the Board ^of Bishops when It would com- father and mother, and therefore that he is not entitled to cutors. He also held in bit hand a book, written la ih«upon the Bishops tbe power or creating an annual confe-Dr. CLJBK, Chairman of the Committee on Missions, ad-vocated tbe measure, showing the necessity of providingmistionarles for that part of the country. The slivermints dvcoverod there are attracting tbe attention of en-terprising men, tnd it was of momentous importance that by railing from bis seat. Deceased wHggrivlnVlenemies, who held all the public offices and deservedmore creak than their brethren In the country where republicsnitm snd republican sentiments ruled the hoar.He felt that they should sacrillce all personal feelings andproclivities to prevent the pollution of the Territories by voted against the creation of a conference in California river yesterday. Deceased ha*been BtnVri| ffneo Mon- 8haksperc,*lz—"Faittaii lathe Baaket," "Macbetb andbeen duly united in wedtocjBu s w t "eeu w r . p e r ventilation, cease suffocation would, have earned. «•From No. 1 ap to No. 40, th* paintincs were eftatbar aicor character, but were, nevertheless", superb & their style and finish, and well worthy the different imhorsby whom tbey seem to have been authenOeaied—all being richly gilt ' i»KILLED BT FALLTHO FROM A WAGOK—Patrick Boyle,street, was a'niost instar tly killed, on Monndidixifmrhtm to tbe pavement. When picked up Doyle was fouo'iDr.Cimohadnoobjectiontogranttheproposedpow-er to tbe bishops, but be thought the measure Impracti-cable. He suggested that tbe principle govering the fo- THE GREAT MATCH MADK—$20,000 AGAIJIST $15*900. ed downto Mr. King at $106 „leign rnirpirns should be applied tn taking care of the in- terests of tbe Southwest The motion was then put, and the resolution adopted.Dr. CVBRV movtd that the missions in that district shall be governed as a foreign mission until properly organized. The resolution was amended by Dr. Dramx, who sug-"The Roadside Iaa," by Nasmytb, was a lively, gra- phic, and descriptive painting. It was. SBdescribed m the catalogue, a real "cabinet gem " The bidding was very brisk, and the small but superb drawtogjaas owned by Mr. L Smith at $67 60laboribg to promote the general interests of the society, will slve the same ode t. If the Measra. Dotwell will run thertaagatnat Fatny WaahiDgtoe, three mile heat* for$5 0'>0or to a lengthy discussion. Drs Dorbtn and Ktngsley and *iu,t(0. Tbe forfeit will be deposited at any time aad p'aosgoing, amounted to $1,669 60. Mr. King waa the leading purchaser last night The sale will ne resumed this evening a t t h e same hour , when the principal paintings, which are of immense valne, will ** brought to tbebam- rncr. "Queen Victoria en Horseback" 1a a magnificently finished drawing, and to almost as large as life. It is a good and striking likeness or England a Queen; and will, no doubt, realize a high figure. The sale, ao far, w it admirably conducted.A Landlord a n d T enant Case. COMMON PLEAS—GENERAL TERM. Before Bon. Judges Daly, Brady and Hilton,MAY 2-2.—litnjamin G. Wdlt mnd Brattus H. La&sm, Revolved, That we hereby endorse emphatically the laid over under the rule. the sance course, three mile beats, on tbe 13th day of Os adminittraiori e/ Gtcrge G«r, dtceated, m. Aatkeay D* pletlbrm of principles laid down at the Chicago National The Committee on General Work presented an elaborate tober next, for $10,000 a side, half forfeit in each match; Lytr.— Oc the 1st of January. 1161, George W. Gear, now Convection, believing that it contains the true principles report recommending the appointment of a committee to the forfeits to be deposited with Messrs. Endets. Sutton & deceased, teased to Weat & BaJeey a lot In Twenty-sixthof tde republican party. prepare a hymn book for the use of the Germans, and Co., bankers, of this city, on or before the 5th dav ofWM. H. BriLBGn was the next speaker. He felt some- providing a plan for the arrangement of the several mis- June, 1860. We have male our deposit, as will be street, east of First avenue, for four yean and faurwbst disappointed at the nominations put forward at Chi- sions connected with WeBtern Conferences. seen from tbe annexed certificate. That there may be no monlbe, at a yearly rent of $ U 0 per annum, payable csgo. He had hoped. and he thought he wasJoined In Tbe Committe recommended tbe creation of a German ftelay in complying with details, we have aidre&sed quarterly. On the 1st of May, 1866, this teas* would ex-the hope by many of his hearers, that Wm H. Seward Conference in tbe Weat, stating that tbe growth of Method- Messra Cheatham and Jackson on this day, at Momphis, pire, but it contained covenants providing for three suc- (great applsuse) would receive the nomination. The Ism in that part of tbe country was unprecedented in the advising them of the contents of this note, and alsofor cessive renewals for terms of five years each. At thation, which was ordered. a vote of 68 to 93.The resolution was adopted byWe will run the nalcbes—Dsniel Boone snd Planet- sented a report in favor of forming classes for adalts, over the Ashland course, four mile beats, on the 12th daystal the doom of the bogus democracy. to the constitution of the Sanday School Union. It wsa Daniel Boone, Laura farris and Fanny Washington, overTheTnrf.RICHMOND, Y a , May 19, I860. TO 1KB irJUOEP OF THE STTEIT Or THB TniES. ^In your paper of the 13th Inst., we notice th* following communication :—Murllto'i"Virgin"wasat^avartteptosaw,andth* bidding pas very spirit** from $41 up, ua*»A wlnlmock-A good deal has been sail In your columns or late withtf v, presented the subjoined supplementary statistical re regard to the merits of tbe sires of Daniel Boone and declined doing This continued until about MayThe Chslrman of the Committee on Slavery, Dr. &rxr.s--No. 48, Marine—"Ihe Bush Gale " by Welaorp, wag a splendid artistic draw ing, aad brought Si5.WORSBU* Hotrsa, Turn,, May 2 lfSQ.:ifor $3C«J a side. At an early hjur numbers of cabs ands: carriages stirred up the dust down the Shell roal leading MAT 22.—Jarrm Burns and fifteen otken w. Thorn*to tbe i ark. Bunareds of pedestrians also trudged alongthe highway—many barefooted, with shoes in hand, eaa CV<l7**r. —This was sn ictlon brongbt by the plaintiffs, whoing their tender feet, made sore upon the road. Just Nassau Association, to recover of the defendant damtges after daylight the Park presented a lively sight, withcrowdsofpeoplemoving about,and carriages,buggies, forallegedbreachofacontracttotowabarge,tobeload-Ac , dashing around to take a position in tbe vicinity of ed with excursionists to David's Island, on 23d Aug where It was supposed the ring would ba made. The IS68. It appears from the evidence adduced by Mr. lire oak trees were soon filled with chaps, who roasted McMahonfor defendants, that this association chartered out on every available limb, aad awaited with dangling defendant's steamboat, the Maj flower, to carry this legstheaffrsy. andalFOtolowabarge to D»via's Island. Theyadver-For sorxe time It was feared that the whole thing tised the excursion very fully, issued tickets, aad got18Before Bon. Judge Woodruff and a Jury.but be escaped. It appears tbe Ohio weat on tbe excur- MAT22.—ThequestionoftheadmissionofgraduatesofBellLasneverfoughtinthisneighborhood.Bellwassion,anddelendacrscounseleffcredtoprovethatdiffe-Columbia College to practice In th* Supreme Court was backed by his sunt, who furnished the $300 stakes, andfightabouttwo months since andlostit,batwebelieverent parties were injured This was ruled out The plain- brought up this morning, by Professor Dwight, who pro who was present during the fight, standing on top of a car- tin introduced evidence that his clients were peaceable,posed to argue their right to be admitted to practice as riage, and cheering her nephew on from time to time. Dur- orderly, well disposed men, and tbit they were well con-mined themembersoftheseniorclass,aadcertifiedministered. The body of the dog supposed to have boon that there gentlemen are sufficiently competent to entitle when nearly gone, sprang around upon his pins as active John Basg<\ B in Btlea B Wbotiocy, Mrend Mr* Rough aadtendedtoconfirmthesuspicionthatpotoonhadbeenad-iepubilnaparty Inconclusionhesaidthatbewaasure ibat Dncoin and Hamlin would be elected. He was loud-an mtrodnced. after a brief comphment to Mr. club WMeioeUens, aad served to relieve tbe monotony of that he wasted it to potoon a dog with, aad it is evident to ihe character of the applicants, aad their age and citi- superior endurance, onoe, after being almost knocked servant; A Bleharda ard wife, J F f>soB and wtfs.^ars Marea nominated tbe p'opie woald elect him, aad the Ualm weald mwre aa aa gtortoosry and htxmoniooaly sa theyvsa (Apaeaase)yapplaudedthroogboathisaddressThere was another song from the Rocky Mountain GleepoisonedbyHersey, hasbeen examined,aadnotraces of poison discovered. This will form aa important point in the testimony sgaiost Hereey, aa he stated when hethemtopractice;andtheyhave recommended themto the corporation of th* college, who have conferred upon them diplomas as evidence of their fitness to be admittedas a cat, aad showed great pluck, and made many friends thereby.threechildren,MrSciencefcejmcur,JuliusRacnowtag.Js* Bltey.During many consecutive rounds Donnelly went downd cries for "Chancy" Judge LABaaain, of Wisem- dab, which was received by cheers. Tae singing of this bought the poison at the apothecary store la this city, to practice. Thsy have also filed th* usual certificate as without getting a blow. As aa hiatano* of his Ororei and nleee, lra Peek aad wife. Geo A» Joke, wjlsaadthat Betsey Francee Tirrell waa poisoned with strychnine* of the allege, th* certificate of tbe examiners and copiei Dotnelly had to be carried off the field. Many thought P Boston. Mrs Boston. John eebley sad WHO, Mtos Tom, IfH T . i T ' w J S J ^ ^ - A - " " I Platform, and J^MBS F-»ii*u¥ waa next introduced, and spoke to tha which bsa slso been discovered In tha remains of her of the law to the Court for elimination, aad. should yoo that the seconds of Donnelly should have Ihrown up the LAUcBdB,MrsFahbaBkaasddtagbter Mb* Mary fteat to tae unaatas Bsatrarm, anew «hkk M» sametBeau theprevious speaker,abusing thefOvora- eldersister,Mary,whodiedaboutthreemonthsprevioustouohanaawaa ekciad. Alabama aeoTdatjanded thatthe son iatervaattoa piaak abaald ba^lsaed mtN pJaJform, and wa putIt aaara.Thairabameattadspeakingoftbeweaknessofit,aad ltainability to protect tha people, while the election of Idnooln and Ham!awaatogiveeverybodyprotection,aadtofound tbemodelgovernmentfortbeworld. BetriedtoshowBarneytoinjsil,haveanydoubtoonthequestion,Iproposetoam*s*to ihe outtltuticnility of the law - « - • —demands that mtervraiwe ba ptaeadtbareT GaTtiemta, It aarer will be placed there, /fama the let pomibility of squatter aoverelgnty, aad pitched intoRumored ^P-g-^o^Jfa. F.mp;K»»ofth*rightsofth*College:— . outofthewaytbebeathecould. Bellrod*homeinth* Garteger,WoJarmanBCBtUtogaMrHoward Br,iM Fir^t—tbit by th* common law the court had BOpower carriage with his aunt in triumph. The cry of foul was Mr Kiaa. L B Fiesett. Oeorae f^fi<^S.^fiJJ!itoai'm:taaattorney. raisedseveraltimesduringth*fightagainstBell,hatwas >s»e7Ber 1>Madora,JRBorer UBIBtotrkam^WW kH Second—Tsu« the power rested solely upon statute, both not allowed by th* judges. - A Wetberahy. John A Tattte, I J B*D«hkl fl *«uW,JAOsr-applause) ithinkthat we havearjfhttoeesasiam af I'jr fontbern brethren We have kf«f our ntedges, but tbe* mstot oa ear gotsg a step farther, aad we eaaam e» it Why,Ifmatkatarvaatloaplaakwareplacedta,w«cooJ a t carry a school daUKt »n the North for the de avacratic party. We fboaM have Abe Ltocota President; w«sbeuaihavearepub't«aSeaaseaadHouse,aadthaathey wruu hare iatorve^iloa «thavengeaaoe. They wuulJ3i4that,asiayourrt.iablicaafiouas,itManice ihtpg to diftisgolwt betatrn .'uterreatiea ftr and later^^ycmtlcparty with a tea!that waafn3yappre-•tfjff^man'ii remarks ooaelsdcd tbe programme, aad taeacdiencaretired._[From the Post]T«si»9»|ai5«HaTfry. IibvalkMte tosajare true.was rney sterfered with by octsiCers aad betters Th* word of tbetook the pipars J h*^mW °*TMA atom meeting of aba republicans of BrookIvw waahutevents*a* .7^^^^ ,TMU^'J""*•• aw wvaaag,toratify the Bom:nationofLhanaas****** toi«w-wb,ao,art1M.,wll^ltlol>0MrFowlerhisgonetothoislandofCubiTIt tat^."^7that he left in the steamer Moses Taylor for H . £ ! tth*18thlast Thesteamer demy*d^erd«^ter?^^ I Justicesobeyed.said, to a toss hour in tbe day, aad Mr. FowWtobeCTM!? I Tbird-that the act of April 7, 1800. waa within th*DEPaBTTBES. . BicBuwrn-EtasBtahipJaaetroaa.-TJChatttoMaidIsdr. Mia* Gocdrleh. Edwin Dodge and tody, Bto^Ocd**. Btos There haw never been a fight before In thai section Bym*. Miss B u t I u Ttneley u d tody. A Hetrfev £*<*+H,w "WIGWAM."tnr.»,.«.„.>-p..a t^ew^T"6TM Itraitofthelcglsietvepvwer. tohavebeentakendown theBaysttsmtug, from which he embarked on• board ih* Moint I Fourth—That the young gentlemen whom he re ireBothgirlswerefound to b1e~~'-*- heiviiy ironed. Hi* ""•"Inallm will Wttt*spongebeforetbeydid,aatheymoathaveseenthattheir MasMByan Btot0Grayteer.MmArarkar,JnollU.-.•= manwiswhipped. BonBcbertSaotey. I'otald Mealrin. Alex DryaialatW iwtft, c relaaan. (Test G Brown L B Flowray. r H Ocstda. fcka place taia Professor Dwight then submitted tbe following points in After sn boar aad a half but Tittle fcjentlfis sparring ACondlt James beard Jean Crocker, J SjrTIhktwa*, L P wasdone,BellrushisgIneverytime,aadDonnellygetting Merte.8KBrown,DiptBiedindtarrantOOWer**r,W^Theretoarumor,apparentlywellaatlieaMeatedthat b*tt.JBulrtranMrMows,JMoore,BMoore,A•rare,gw l e rsented w*re<aUtkdtobeadi3ttted to practice, and th it fcylor. Wecatnottrae*the**rumors,butthereer*I»««„t—w r.c — K•at there are thosewhooughttobewellinformedwhoassertLtetna? Iin order ahoaM K«»»•——• •*• The1nJ&*H * entor^ «*«'UB8»r The Court, after some slight ukvjvsion,of ao iong s durati in which was not more or less init.OGBait IVTtoetev,<W*eL*»der »»'•£•*•*•Untitled DocumentIn this country and in England, aad that during the oolo- ialperioddownto1777theGovernoroftheStateissued a command to the justices to admit, whioh command theThe crowd down at tbe Oaks this morning was act alto- getherconfinedtotheroughs sadfancymea,snd,like the great fight between Beenaa aad Sayera, there was aa attendance of persens holding high positions in oar city, andnot*fewoftheyoungmanycleptbyth*rough* "jocng hJcods."Moore, JH Waasttoatett, MOHrk, WH Feet jb B sjiwt*,» swMer.AUreyTjPaareraott.1MKtog.Mftorsy,JK koto. J B Parker, P O O'Batlly, A Mayer, J •BSBBM theaiesrage.5CPEBIOR COCRT.d I «od reserved Us decision.309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comtodgtsandrefere*w*stakenwithouthesBattoBoaboth __Pigott(har'aaOopUv,BCMerr^aTXiPfaJSlThomas M. Tryniskiidea.JMAraVaiead, Mrs S B iktatca. Mtos Mavy Ptotto-U is * •WitiBeadaa, L B Plggnu, Leota his*>iemB, J F_Wga mm MM