 WAUJuatmaswrer «r D t w WPJJJIT-grasping the federal power at which they now. wasrepaltt^aOtcotadattatanxa.''The writercautious wording o f the most ultra dogmas indollars—ando u rmillinersa n d dressmakers,that town with seven hundred men, and a n_^ut-*s**-*-#-+**-• *'•' < »»>!"•'•' r„ ...,i, iJ»i, r .„•Tfce Oraase KxeltenaetU U t *7« BOWtranspiring in Canada, whtohshort the hitherto very successful of Wales through that pro- vince, occur aptly to remind o f that, whatever_afGarl« •olell tat Calabria—Viae Revolt tat**,The America a n d Prince Albert bring the 19only taken after ansaa. The NEW YORK HERALD. J ^ ^ Sbaa t t but aoqulred the courage I ettto«yIf. Lincoln Tpwe tbe moatjjtntlCAK JITT«Bnt, Broadway-Day u dHounuVman Polly, of the Fourteenth, to IrvingtOB,The beef cattle market wasranchexcited yester- MBXICAN AIKAIRS AND SPANISH INTEKVEN- despotically by Roman Catholics. The unionatoUl Of 508,862 bales. Bad the weather and liaraderahad oaptared several iaBagJtad proved favorable it iabelieved that inportantposts,aadageneral battlewiththe wipiasj'tti^tjsj wvuiu aavta ataatjtttjpptw m .|TMi tat* aaae^save wasweastTMthe cities of Montreal, Quebec, Three Rivers, were its real leaders, to what extent the servilemystery by which their solution was sur- rounded, as well as the suddenness with whichtheyweresprunguponathinlyscattered population,naturallyproducedatemporary panic. Thatsentimentwhichmakesamanfear for the Uvea of his wife and children cannot be called cowardice. Its effect, on the contra- ry, is to incite him to brave deeds and heroic sacrifices.HeapoillaMwu lookedforat an eariy day. Bar- dlata bad proaftited the embarkation of voiaateersdots. Theflunrmarket opened with a goodat frm prtoee, b a t after taw receipt a f the newsitbecamealack,andclosedwithtameaes wasactive,With tale*atfull priest;butafterthesame to band the market grew tame, aad dosed quietly.i c ; nearly all the fertile seigniories along theSt. Larrence. and the bulk of the choice landsthroughout the provinoe. Sometimes the title vital importance to every man, wo- isvestedInabishop,sometimesinapresby- man and child in Virginia, and toefrosthis dj-natty.The Emperor's remarks caused enhadmadeaspeechat by the aMfliiiilliiiitery,sometimesin a seminary, sometimesina nunnery, sometimes in a curate; but in the end itallconiestothesamebeing—thelandbe- longstotheChurch,It is the natural rebellion against the enor- mouspowerthusheldbythe Roman Catholic Church, in virtue of their wealth, their land, and their complete sway over nearly two millions ofdevotedadbenents,whichhasgivenbirthtosuch bodies as the Orangemen of Upper Canada,And. however deplorable such displays as that.^,1t „'>.-TRmSf5dHF. "W^iil'j.iiiMlWil*1•geattemaa thebandi of Hi' N'ewVork , polka, t M dm aotbeallate kmgehotoss**©rgh>g. Tt>e New York Acasessj of Ifsetttot met lastthe Union, and in point of numbers, wthnaiaomDavie,TLeFlatnce Committee of the Board of Educa- ^Ho»n noanitssadsl the ptjant of aB the newly •It seems thai the (»rangemen, a large and influ-ential body of Protectants, mainly recruitedfrom immigrants from the North of Ireland, in* months, the State of Texas haa been the sist upon being recognized by the Prince tohi t h e Poarth ward last hNbwtAono exaepaion. th e local boardH ia MM and ajMet^BMalntedWtanpeentsssh} would Jf was said that he had only to present Mitsstf in Cslabtta for -fhe wholei nproceeded in a more formal manner lately than f la this city, proclaim h b hearty union with they did whan the tobtoct first casta before the J them. B e devms himself the 6tandard bearer pabfle. The Board adopted the report without ot the abolition hosts in the "irrepressible dltaeatordiscutaion,aad thereby p u t t n and tocountry, the Rings trooprthe ttofroutFourth ward difflcuity. TheBoardtlso approved sundry contracts which the Finance Com- mittee had previously acted upon. . . . .The Comndationen Of Emigration visited Wtrd's island yettordsy. probably for toe purpose of to- specttog the inatitations there: but they did not notify Ua reporters of their brientJaa ja?avfo»«y? therefore noneofthemaccompaniedtheBoard. Theweekly statement made np by she Secretary shownthe number of emigrants landed ia New York during toe pastweektohavebeen2,801,whichswellsthe totalsincethe1stofJanuarylastto72,M».The amountof the apparent balance of the commuta- tionfundis9T.W 23atpresent.At the meeting of the Police Commissioners yea*terday J. H. Raymond, Sixth precinct, Brooklyn,tenderedhfcresignation,whichwasaccepted. W.A.Coleman,Seventeenth precinct,was dismissedfrom the force, and A. Bowers,Thirdprecinct,pro-meted to roundsman. Sergeant Emory, Thirteenth aim. It is in their hands, it is in the hands of preciact, waa transferred to Twelfth precinct, aador partisan body whatsoever., and that if he cannot be received without passing under Orange arches or marching.behind Orange flags, he will not land at allto Naples, and thaiwill have some difflcuity—, —» —. _ ^ _ ,yards,were5,589beef cattle,190cows,730veals, 15,6]2 sheep and lambs, and 4,111 swine.jority in their province—-end yet they are ruledday, aad prices were very irregular, varying from5jc.tosjjp.a'Oe.parpound. Thesupplywasenor-mous. Milch cows were plenty and dull. Vealcalves were also plenty, but unchanged. Sheepand lambs were plenty, and about '45c. per headlower.Swineweresteadyat8|c.afife.Theto- terranean,islikelytocomeupinanewand tal receipts for the week, including the Bergen HOIof Upper and Lower Canada under the impe- rial act o f 1841 practically gave to the Lower province the control of the Upper, notwith- standing the vast progress which the latter is makinginpopulationandwealth.TheLower Canadian members o f Parliament a r e all, or nearly all, Eomatt Catholics, and hold together on all public questions with a tenacity which the members from Upper Canada have neverlag civil BrltiabIhecotton market was steady yesterday, witasaleaef TBIPLE SHEET. about 2.5C0 bales, 1,000 of which ware sold la onev»•.ajsw^posasj!.dally mail from Europe continues to arrireYtntarday the America arrived Of against 223,061 hales daring the year ending lat Septem- well known she cannot possibly pay, and thenRace,aadthePrinceAlbertatStJohns,ber,1868,andagainst196,170balsaIn1650,mak-advices to the 28* nit., four days later ing UM average consumption weekly, daring the Spanish fleet ia to operate against VeraThe news iaarm of superstition: their wealth gives them a f thelanding ofCtribaldiia baheIn,186s. lh«stock Inthis portonthe1st ofSap- Minister In Mexico, who recognizes only powerinLowerCanadafora paralleltowhichlet,Mi.nnchangedrates, lbsstocktathisport MirfiVf1aadfoandtocomprise64,863 teles oa hard tad not sold; told, bat net delivered,probablyonverygoodgrounds—thatthepoli- cyoftheLowerCanadianpartyissettledbefore Parliament meets In the palace o f t h e Romanf # % ea atupboard, t o t aktred, %fiU bairn, making ato ,J! 2«2tti*tite tt|!they are allied, we must set it down rebellion. TheRomanCatholichierarchysmallandpeaceablecommunity,shotdownun-tothestrengthoftheirprejudices,ajNlltheir desire to protract a li m,|fai|fl - Bat it Is tnis very fatuity on their part that wfll ren- der the snarch c>fthe revolution less rapid than in Sicily. No one, o f course, entertains a donbt of its ultimate success. W e only point oat these facte to account for obstacles which have been overlooked in the sanguine anticipations of those who believe In the magic of Garibaldi'sWhitet thus to Naplesthe freedom and of oonulari.^Ttaaatjaa.:v, j—MM 'i gams,torfastatlasssjsthsa•utol'tewedirectourviewweobservesimilar l4i0Biiew«. Japan andfihi»*a,are oethe eve of being opened to Western ci vfhsatMl and commerce; in Syria, t h e introduction o f a French army paves the way for similar results; whilstintheArmenianprovinces, welearnby recent advices that the flag ofTheseexcitedabroad, prices Porkwasheavy,with alair amountofIthatnothingahouldmakeabadeviate aalea,includingnewmeatat61045a*1950,andnew thelandride,theaffairwouldbooneofthoseitogivethemselres apwithconfidence atrates liven in another column. Cooee wasquiet,pearanceofpremeditation.Such a result, though it may probably forma part of the plans and calculations of the par- ties,seemsnownottobeinafairwaytobe realized. The recent advices from Mexico an- nounce the defeat of Miramon at Lagos, andrpeace. He was determined, with God's assistance, that France should not degenerate underawaiting a public sale to come off in a flaw days. Freightstolerablycorn and wheat for Liverpool at 12Xd. al3>,d.,in ship's btgtatlS^d., t a d 6/JOObbls. flour at 4a., and some lots t o Londor a t 4 s . A lull vessel, the Aon Har per, tow ta Philadelphia, of 1,040 tons, was taken uptoactive, withengagements,in bulk and!market had undergone no load with wheat at tbis port (or Liverpool; if in shipper's his escape from capture with only a small now occurring on Lake Ontario tony seem toraised, and that abeen elected, being the first that has chosen there for several centuries.: w uPI*» aU it.9*eht*iOil att tic bt! rej tei Crmwt m tin tt: ta(•, < S|N Mil St tro ew4 Sad retE DM trk1*raidonor. Large orests had been forwarded to Russia aad the United States-railwaysecuritieshad bag*at18*4.,aadiftaanlptbagiat14tfd. was steady andSome of the black republican journals are beginning to fear the effect o f Lincoln's posi-bodyofbistroops. Ifthisnewsbetrueitmay be followed by hia being shut np in the capi- tal, and possibly by the capture of that dlty by the constitutional forces. In this event the position o f Spain would probably undergo se-calm observers, it Is to be feared they will con- tinue to recur, with frequent outbursts o f vio- lence and savage bigotry, until tool great fight between the Church and the people—which was long since fought and won in all Anglo-Saxonof predatory Mexicans: on the other they a r ein constant danger from hostile Indians. N o wchanges that are impending over the whole o f the Ottoman empire, and which, if they do not immediately confer the blessings of popular go-/n"'^4' W '"'^S ^?g^jP, T '•ffr ftNEW YOBE HEftiklD. THURSQAr,TtTTTftftotitewwlAlpee^**Ida party. » wowM detssi *Rightathalf-pasteighto"does. XSuieveningvatspentiacbacnwiogtb.thsstyafjajelulltytothet-watment of diseased joints, advanced by Dr. to carry oat the party theories and fee porty of Hgotty and religious strife are not over yetX Zproclaimed.by thousands from the central abolition shop^ ^^ ^^ ^st»sw Pwpa^tsti^fStw s^a^|ts^ts|| os^ajsytssx e^pajss^tsj . ^ p j fffpjsajw sa, Q Q Q *«cif 2^7f *efforts at vmfrixm •** *•!****» l»#"J,,B''* sanguine philosophers may pretend, the daya A b o l l t l o a O a t r a f w 1 *Hr , ttatoaweVa Paaltloauconflict*' totoidah b » Ibllowers vauutto^Iy as-•ert be is enlisted for life or death. In thiscontest Seward ia the matter spirit, aa be willbo i s the government o f Lincoln, i f elected.and be tells us that "no government can excuseitself from the duty o f protecting t h e extremerights of wlrtry human being, whether bond orfree." Intikisguardedly and cautioualy wordedsentence, uttered by the leaderof a thoroughly this conduct A t the same time it is not abolitionized political party, there is • world likely to satisfy the Canadian Orangemen, of agitation, danger and revolution. L et tike who are a very hotheaded and obstinate set conservative notional men of New York and of men, ami whoso hatred of Popery and at- the Central States reflect in time, and before it tachment to their peculiar sect are Intensenumerous tocendiary fires, a n d , b y eonee-quenee, widespread alarm among the citiaena.Latterly these rumors have taken a more tangi-and fanatical. I t would n o t b e surprising If the broil into which the Prince has thus uncon- whole country will bo precipitated if the sciously fallen should terminate his tour abolitionized black republicans succeed in abruptly, and occasion scenes of disturbance and bloodshed which ail would have to deplore.a too late, upon the destructive maelstrom of abolition agitation and conflict into which themoderatemenofallparties,to savethecoun- tr v from the catastrophe which ia imminent.Therehionethingtobesaidinexcuseof the extremely bigoted and fanatical attitude of the Orangemen. They are Protestants—a ma-TION.—The advices from Washington, published In another column, Indicate that the question of o a r relations with Mexico a n d Spain, aa Powers ou the margin of the American Medi-men within their bora ~ chuaetta and Vermont treason, eighty yeare ago.'somewhat dangerous shape.Senor Tassara, the Spanish Minister, has hadmendacious.ThewaroftoeRevolutionwas itiatethemovementinthecapitalh)swing. an open, honest conflict, the result o f a politi- The King wouldhave long sincecal necessity, which eventuated in the separa- capital but for thetion of the colonies from the mother country sailors. There ia no doubt that the att^iap ofThe colonists were forewarned, and therefore term are ss^^J^l^aft oe^^l es^^P As^ssfflfe^t^^sva^s^^ ^sSosV^wi ^^wnesa^w^sv^fts^ forearmed. The British troops were surround- motives, aad that they believe thatedbyourscouts,andtheireverymovement VsngtjtfpBSjtShwfBgthepoliticalIn.wasknownlongbeforetheyarrivedatanyW0sjstssts>aa^PB^Bsawssk^w^j^stt^w^y.sw^ststt^svv•'O^^^ftm^s^^^^^-^f?T^ point towards which their arms were directed.several interviews with the President, andthough distinctly disclaiming, on the part of bisgovernment, any intention to interfere hi the tried to emulate. It Is generally supposed—domesticaffairsofMexico,hehasannouncedthat Spain will proceed to enforce her claimsagainst that republic a t the preset t inoppor-total of 64.891 bates. Of the imports tote New York tune moment Mexico hi to be given until the Catholic Archbishop; any member who bolted,i1st of December next to pay sums which it is or deviated from the policy thus eettled. wouldthe year, af eottan purchased In New York, Cruz. As the relations between the two notonlyruletheunitedprovince throughthearmed citizens in cold blood, took people out of their beds at midnight, and did his best to in- cite the staves to arise and slay their masters.•bout 4,643 tales, against 4200 teat year, aad 3,773 countries are conducted by the SpanishThe revolution had , 18*0, was. 41,662; received afterwards, 405,360-. the rebellious church party government o f wo mutt turn to Mexico. They Own most o f How far the Brown conspiracy extended, w h oMiramon.and theexhibition of force canbo made only against the legitimate government of J n a m at Vera Cruz, the whole affair, not- withstanding the disclaimer o f Secor Taaaara,haaamanifestappearanceofinterventionof the moat effective kind In Mexican affairs. Should there occur at the same time a demon- strationagainstthesamecitybyMiramononithepathofmoderationaadjustice. Hiasole primeat61412*a61430. Sugarsweresteady,withi the general interest of Prance, and he •ales of 1,400 hhda. Cuba muscovados, and 76 da. melado, remarkable coincidences which have every ap.populationsympathisedwiththeoldman'strea- sonable designs, were questions of tiie mostit appears that they have been harboring whiteBy the Prince Albert at St. Johns, N". P., ate tion aa a radical i>wfM**t noon his chances rious modification, and she m ay follow the countries—has been also fought and won in traitors within their own borders, and that they vernment on the jjflntul nationalities of whichparty la the forts at Truxillo.the revolntioa hi the State^wsBstw^W stats taac^ "V*n)taaw * * i i i vrepublican candidate for Governor in that Seward in a speech at Utica. And yet the Se- order, brilliant jewelry, and all the essential Lincoln. WD1they do It?State.Ifany further proof is wantedoftheradi- cally revolutionary character of the black re- Aagtat 14, writtea b f a persoa of intelligence, publican party and its Presidential candidate,nator now inveighs with eloquent indignation against corruption, as if it were peculiar to the democrats, and as if the republicans would prove themselves immaculate if tiie countryetceteras of the toilet The ladies, of course,will vie with each other In the splendorof theirdress on the occasion, which will be the firstupon which they have had tiie distinguishedhonor of making the acquaintance of British news it would seem probable that the "graycajat the report of lie root of bit army in the tasne State. Too apparent contradiction laTax NEWS FROM HONMRAS.—By telegraph fromNewOrleanswehaveeightdaya'laternews from Truxillo. the scene of Walkers tost raid in Central America. From the tenor of theajaa^eeF a ^a^aaaatjaAa v w asm ^t* ai'St'aF^^pia a * v#aaa* h ^ a 4 a a ^ a a w i w^w^ %a^aiwaJ" %afor election, and are accordingly striving toexample of the other Powers, which refrain from pressing their claims against Mexico a tLower Canada.flearn that th e Great Eastern arrived a t MilfordHavea o a the Mm a l t , a t half-past six o'clock show that he is a man o f conservative tenden-P.M.ShesailedfrontNewYorkonthelath,atcies,whowouldnotactuptothedemandsofthismomentwhensuchacoursewoulddebili- MOREGOU>DISCOVERIES.—Thelastponyex-atnomeans,howevervileandcowardly,toac-half-past (bar o'clock P. M., arrived at Halifax on the radical abolitionists who support him. tate the legitimate government in that repub- press from San Francisco brought lus very late complish their purposes. Let Mr. Seward bring torting from her concessions to the national de- the 16th, to exactly forty-eight hours, and sailed The attempt ia an utterly futile and rain lic, which b the only one that has kept faith news from Oregon and British Columbia. It the case nearer home. Would he not be alarm- mands, and Venice strains her weary eyes to- froajthenceatnineo'clockA.M.onthe19th. Al- one. Erosif Lincolnworenot thebigot and withforeignPowers. Itwouldbewellforfor appears'thattherehasbeen anothergoldfever ed Ifhe should hear, whileheisexpounding wards the marsh of the Italian liberator. lowingfivehoursfordifferenceiatime,andsixteen extremistwhich bisownwordsand thoseof governmentnot toforget,however,thatSpain atPortland,Oregon,causedbyfreshauriferous the doctrines of theblack republican party confident that every stop that, brings and a half boor* detention at Halifax, herranfrom Seward prove him to be, he would necessarily is a little crazed by her Insignificant successes discoveries on the Walla-Walla. I Across the in the West, that a number of persons were him nearer to' Naples wfll abridge thethiseityhasbeentccompbahedinninedaysand havetoactontheonegreatideawhichunder- inMorocco,thefirstherarmieshaveknown Britishfrontier,nearFortHope,goldhadbeenloiteringaboutAuburn,poisoningthecattle, the wells and springs upon the estates o f Mr. Seward and his neighbors? that incendiaries had set fire to the town and nearly destroyed i t altogether? and that such was the panic amongtermofherownsufferings. Ininitiating the volunteer system o f the United States, and thus strengthening her national defences, Eng- land has henceforth subjected to the will of the masses the aristocratic element which has here- tofore opposed so many obstacles to the exten- sionofthepopular liberties. It wasbut tits necessary corollary o f such a measure that she should send toe Prince of Wales here to study this country institutions to which she hi sofour and a half hours, without any allowance being made for the time eansamed h i going in and out of Haliftx. Her log wal probably show the shortestlies the Whole structure of the black republicanfor a generation, a n d that s h e m a y commit some folly in the Gulf of Mexico which will in- volve us in a war with her.found in large quantities, and it was the opinion of old miners that the -country would open up finely In the way of precious metals. Fraserparty in his administration of the government i yet made between New York aad Europe. That idea, ia that "slavery is an evil and a i arrival at New Orleans wa have adviees crime." On this basis the party has been builtJSd,and Rnatan to the 24th intelligence respectingthe filibusters. A week previous t o the date above mentioned, Qnardiola's partisans, to the number of seven hundred, had assembled outside die wallsofTruxillotoattackWalker,andonthe, 1Mb a British veaaal of war entered thewith the avowed abject of protecting theand toopcite of Honduras, aad restoring the revenueofTruxfllototherightfulanthorities.On thai morning of the 24th a heavy cannonading inthedirectionafTruxillowasheardatRnatan,and it is believed that it proceeded from a combined attack of Guardiolat and the British forcesSENATOR SEWARD m CoRBmaxv—There i; river and Pikes Peak continue to pay well,up, and around it have been gathered one point in Senator Seward's speech at De- though not as greatly as was anticipated. A c- the people that the women and children were toother ideas belonging tothe sameschool, troit which deserves special attention. He countsfromthenewminesInUtahandArizona fearoftheirliveseverymomentofthedayand and inculcating t h e same exaggerated are very cheering, and altogether there i s n o t night?not only describes the democratic party as ut-notion o f individual rights, such a s Four- terly corrupt, but attributes t o i t a monopoly the slightest danger, even should California rierism, woman's righto, and the numerous of corruption, hurling his anathemas at it as give out, that the stream of Pactolus will runNo.- the parallel given us by Mr. Seward is a most unfortunate one for him. T o comparehis Boyal Highness badges and symbols whichtiieRomanCatholics consider offensive. T o the Prince s advisers return the thai be will recognise n o sectarianNo one can find fault with the Prince forIismsthatconstitutethegrandwholeofblack theembodimentofallthatisfoulonearth. out Atthesametimeitiswellenoughtore- ourRevolutionarysireswithsneaking,lying rapidlyassimilatingherown. Andtherecanrepublicanism. Bat the argument of abolition- This comas with an excellent gracefrom the member that individual labor is more remu-boa ia ita mainstay and chief dependence. The foremost leader of a party of whose represen- nerative in other fields even in toe aurifer-abolitionshopestablishedbareisbusilyIssuing tativesinCongressitwastestifiedbytheousregion. Thetimewhenminerscouldabolitionists, who tamper with the servants, apply the incendiary's torch or play the cowardlyroleofthepoisoner,isaninsulttobe no greater evidence of too progress that liberalism is making amongst the governing claasesIsEuropethanthedemocraticsenti- ments to which his jnvenfJe Highness recently gaveexpressioninaspeechtotheworkmen at the opening of the Victoria Bridge in Montreal. I t w a s a marked Improvement upon the aristocratic platitudes of toe "firstsuch campaign documents as Sumner's speech, Hon. Reverdy Johnson before the Covode Helper'shandbookforincendiaries,Lincoln's Committeethattheywerebandedtofetshertopick up big chunks with their fingers has tbe memory of the former. A s for the lat-life and speeches, and others of a similar cha- racter, and hopes to circulate a million and athe number o f thirty-five in a con^anj^wo l e tno bill pass, no matter how sound its princi-passed. Capital,mechanicalskillandalarge force of well directed and experienced miners are now absolutely required for the profitable prosecution of gold digging.THE GAAKDBALLTOTHEPRIXCEOFWALIS.— It is Mr. Seward's "irrepressible conflict''which Is now going on in the Lone Star State.half of them in the next sixty days. Tbe whole ples or how praiseworthy its objects, unlets beconfirmed,thenextarrivalpartyitsaturatedwithabolitio-rismofthe theiritchingpalmswerewellanointed.Thewill, hiallprobability,bringus moatrabidkind,andSeward'sdeclarationthat leadingspiritandtheorganizerof thiscorrupt of walker's capitulation, and the breakingThe grand bail to be given here t ocessor to the same princely rank doctors that England recognised tbe claims o f merit to the highest prizes in her power to bestow.Although it must be owned that she has notbeen much in the habit of acting upon thisprinciple, we accept the sentiment from tbemouth of her future sovereign as an earnest ofher intentions. A t ail events, a declarationofthis kind, coming from such a quarter, cannotfail to impart an impulse to the progress ofliberal ideas all over the world. Thus other"the Massachusetts school'' waa the school o f SB3 from New Granada, publiahed black republicanism baa been fitly illustrated byband was O. B. Matteson, o f Oneida county, i nthe Prince of Wales, if it takes place at the Academy ofWill tbe conservative masses of the Central la00HSUAU>afewdayssince,therewas thenominationofAndrew,anuncompromising tothelightofdaybyrevelationsInCongress,heMusic,willbringtogethersomethreethousand Statespermitthisconflicttoextendallover ia the statements that abolitionist of the Garrisonian stripe, aa black was nevertheless publicly endorsed by Mr. people in span new costumes of the most costly the South? They can arrest it by defeatingMaetfsctiy capable of tscertaioing the troth : - it may be found in Seward's speech at Detroit would only give them a trial at the head of the StjaahderatthertvarSube:bataportionofhis theforeshadowingofthepolicyofLincoln's Wejudgeoftherepublicansbytheactsandthis State. After hia corruption had been broughtnationalities are gradually being brought "GenoialaUnaarootedthetraopaoftheStateottwodayssince.ThatspeechIsundoubtedlygeneralgovernment. royaltyinAmerica.Theamountexpendedeyedman"hasfoundhisdestiny.Theschoonerwithintheinfluenceofthetheorieswhichhavefcreee,watohwastopartuitoftheTsTtlnjdastla. governmentifelected,anditisacarefulandcharacter o f the representative! o f their partyin Congress, and by their acts in the State L e -probably i t will count up to half a [million o fwhich time President Guardiola w a a beforefjjft'l*-1 *1 1 *.1 * «»*«*b» woa praparinf American politics. He assumes the theory of gislatures over which they exercise control. ourjewellers, and tailors, and bootmakers, and English man-of-war was in the harbor, with the their owncondition theywill notpushthem ,> tt irtIsis1 aa.-ten6tati'1••Jjj* ^*'*7 * — » * «baAtlantic coast» Spooner, the Massachusetts lawgiver and logi- The confessions of Thurlow Weed, the right so forth, will all be in immense demand from announced intention of restoring the place to to the verge of license.Bn twI a*»1standofcolorstocian,fortheblackrepublicanideathatthe handmanofSeward,andanactiveleaderiaby the city of oonttitutfai it an abolition instrument, and that the lobby at Albany, show what the purity ofatnttothiscity upto1820theadministrationofthegovern. republicanismamountsto. Wasthereeveriu*»«the occtatonof a ment was conducted on abolition principles. this State, or any other in the Union, sincethe'••taaraelplenta.Thepre- HecontendsthattheMlssouricompromisewas governmentwasorganized,anyotherLegisla- a^wftlmCltoHaattoabyltoawrtOald.UnJtod StatosDtowtet At- ttj aawja/tn* I U I v* aawaaia •*••*' ttja*a^*As»av** J ^ V M V J t *"*•*" w**wf" ture so corrupt and depraved as the last Legis- frnehJaftoa,towhich aa appropriate for the last forty years administration baa been lature of the State of New York, in boththistimeuntilthegreateventconiesoff. Itis tberightfulanthorities. Onthesucceeding reasonable to suppose, too, that too fashionsJPPPstastjw'w w#H Ptw 4V»IffiVf1| Hr Man"leojatel pottsy tor flat regulation of the sub-^ i ^ S - ^ v * w t a *»te*e rartton;" choosing,menof honor andcharacter,intelli-and to remedy the evil of "Stat* watching anxkmaly tor unlawful htoSt,to»tB4 imaton by citizens of othepolicy which shall enable thevadara to triumph over those who igence and independence, unpledged to any candidates put forward by rotten party organi- zations, he would have dens eemathiiig whichwould have earned for him the gratitude of the to hie own reputation.Union men of the highest character are comingforward to enlist under Its banners. W o pub-lish to-day an important letter written by the event B y the leading Canadian papers our"theUntitled DocumentAll tb e oratorical talent and loading states- men of the conservative portion of thecountrvoar readers who has the tree interests o f the countrv aft h<»artto saw hat own/**,, he puts himself on a level w.tfl the pot-not read tbe New Yors papers with anuntrieed- ly feeling towards us.parties, and to vote for electors of their owntatkm •voi- Of 4 Wtttot of] hemT ear ma-of September, the anniversary of the WmaSaward tells the world he feels «weU At it b, he leaves himself open to the charge . of the constitution, which the mass willness and courtesy, as well as by the Prince's strong conservative ground, and gives a fair, suite and the people generally; but the small fry calm, diepasaionate and statesmanlike view of newspapers heap abuts upon them, aad distort tbe political tosnes o f the d a y . W e commend and misrepreaenitheu reports in a manner thatpel their lai saints, This is the poUcy whichof betog a demagogue of the first water, and by ble to preserve and *»»^nfrdn against the machi-mmmvmmppmm*SSfPlpp^!^terlv dissimilar the position of Texas! In Vir- be a political corpse from the hour of his ginia. John Brown mode a sudden raid upon auponthebailwillthereforebeenormous— Toucey left Truxillo ontoe83dnit,atrenderedthepeopleofthiscountrytbehap- piest and most prosperous under the sun. L o t as hope that in the endeavor to adapt them to"' • • • ! • ' - wfllbeitpianontofltherefromeveryquarterof **taw Itw,et» V^ftnt^at^Btw -<awai^^^^^ « ^ ^ i w saaWs-" ..•Lllland earneatoeat,reworutionary don0ooatntafo»s whtoh Europe has witnessed in its stormiest days.KM o u r•adett have been made aware, to loe, during the lata twoi twW excel anyo fthe greatscene of various serious disto^banoea. Thawhave been rumors o f widespread conspi-racies among t h e slaves; o f secret meetingsconvened at midnight by white men, with a ln{ hie favor. The news by view to the inciting o f servile insurrections; o f•ble form. Theflonfhdnngtown of Henderaon master of the city.haa been burned t oset on fire in severaltheir wMtefriends.soned the weUs and cattle. Therecanbeno doubt as to the Identity of the authors of these outrages. Black and white men were taken to the a c t o f firing buildings in Henderson, and hung without ceremony. Negroes have boon arrested with strychnine, furnished b y white scoundrels, in their possession. The people of Texas lis down to sleep withfearandtrem-bling,notknowingthattheirUveawillbe safe till the dawn of the next morning.It bunder these circumstances that we findMr. Seward, a Senator of the ffni&g States,making the following comparison in his Detroit speech:- •*1?>iiSSi :.:»€.Virgmia and Texas are thrown iatoa nanetolof by ine appearance or even U»e suspicion of tthe) ground, places b yhaving been negroes a a d The aaast hands have poi-Staa^Bsrvws wm ^•a^w ^•»( ywThis attempted parallel is as absurd as it isHow different in the case of Virginia! How utThecaseofTexasisworsethanthat ofVir-ginia. Texaa is a border State, and is troubledwith all the diseases Incident to infantile com-munities, andseveral morewhichgrowoutofits peculiar position and surroundings. On oneside the Texans are menaced by roving bands events are only toe precursors of the greatare surrounded with scoundrels w h o atop it is made up, will at least ameliorate their con- di tion. Ia Hungary the fears of Austria are ex-ter,thehempisgrownandtwistedreadyfortheir necks. And we now point to the recentoccurrences in Texas, aa well as those in Vir-ginia, as the fruit of the theories of the black republicanpartypracticallycarriedintoeffectgentlemaninEurope"tohearhissac-Tax Miseains OF TBE CANADIAN PUBIS.—The Canadianpresshiinaterriblestateofmisery worn at the ball, as everybody, of course, will noon, which was believed to be a combined at- about the reports which the New York papers arepublishingofthePrinceofWales'recep-fortheseasonwillbesettledbythecostumes daycannonadingwasheardatRontonuntil outdothemselvesInstyleuponthatoccasion, tackuponthepositionofWalker. Itisnotandwe may look out for the most brilliant win- ter season of balls and parties, operas andvery likely that John Boll will care to have thechief and h a followers upon his hands again,tions in the British provinces, and they are rep mting t h e reporters o f t b e metropolitanbyCoLLeaVrtaoftheSeventhafailurewithus.Bonowpromisestoad- branchesofwhichthere an'overw^layTn':1" ^ ^everSg; \minister the government aooonvtttaf to the Idea majority of republicans, and the Executive also THE MONSTER UMOX MEETING.—The most tins President of Honduras leave little room to bad characters, unfit to be received into decentof"theIfataachusettsschool;*'togiveto-new republican? activearrangementsarebeingmadebyoursupposethathewillmeasureoatanyotherfateendanomalous firmMnatifWg ofSsttape,tothe IfMr.Sewardhadsaid that both parties- merchants andothers for themonster Sorth.hjstifjing anted instigators ofservile allparties-werecorrupt,therepublicansvie- meeting,tobeheldIntinscity,ofallthoseop-toWalkerthanthatofdeath. Thenext news from this quarter will ho looked for with in-awr, the countenance of sympathy with them tog with the democrats—be would have spokenposed to the election of Lincoln and Hamlin,Stt Seeoni^partortltafeaerti government and H ifT"***,j^i-iito establishanabolition commendedthepeopletobreakupallthesethe truth, and to some purpose; and if he had reand i t willaffair. It will combine aB la one—a monster Breckinridge meeting, a nurmrrTT Douglastog, a monster Bell meeting and a monster ( a1ervatira meeting, composed of men of all par- ties who are opposed to the dangerous sectionalundoubtedlyb ea mostimposingzfaction of which Lincoln and Hamlin ate the Hon. Henry W. Hilliard,of Alabama, addressed chosen representatives. It Is fixed for the 17th to ex-President Fillmore. Mr. Hilliard takesreporters have been received with every kind-Lincoln will notfallto a *wpj>re*rio r m , which amounts to a suggestio nations o f a mischievous band o f demagogues. bis letter to the careful perusal o f every cms of impretf es that portion Of tiie public which d o nand they may therefore have boon compelled tosurrendertoGuardiola.Theantecedentsof journalsasasetofvag.bondsandallkindsofTheyareawfullyindignantaadjea- we give fall reports by telegraph of the Princes proceedings, far ahead ot them- selves, and much more complete and interesting than they do who are on tbe spot With theex- Tan CoxsEKVAirvE Atm-Idxcnui Movn- ceptionofafewrespectablelocaljournals,the -The Union party grows in strength with Canadian press has given a very poor and mea-each succeeding day. In every part of the gre account of the Princes tour, so much soIt should not bomiddle party tn Naples, which, though opposed to abaolnfttai, It not yet prepared accept a solution of thementa of the country atThe present ministry, ifof tins party, seem, at all events, to be acting with it, for they have soAeavorod by their measures to reconcile the King with his peo- ple. Of course no one believes that thsywJ|| succeed intheir efforts. The conductpur. sued by the istgntog dynasty for fltT last forty years and more has left on the popular mind too deeply founded a con- viction of their faithleaenett aad treachery for>0lBsiost»seeriim»tottoI u any weight at pre- sent. But it is not the less a fact that ia the at- tempt to carry out their ideas the constitutional party have thrown serious obstacles in the way of the revolution. It It to their mjmm that the defeat o f the various efforts made to in-that the New Tort papers are received to Eng-land as the only true and reliable history of the Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 