-menbesieged In Anconasent to Conomander Salmon, of tlieandthegeneral confusion thatfollowed, did notall. 1 in one word, iiiy thence passed to Iowa, Nebraska and Kansas. Mis- myself, [laughter.] give you,and Tribvnt office rockets andromauVOL. X—NO. 2819.|feti)-l0tk ®me^.NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 18G0. PRICE TWO CENTS.TH£fiE DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE. of the tOHiay."No was bought by the Bank goldTHE POLITICALof the country of the Tom Corwin school, and. he they will not see yon suffer. I myself will do what I tlon through Missouri, and «„.„• .v CAMPAIGN. fully sustali.ed the high repuutlon he has earned in ranfcryou. Be of good cheer. Snfifer yourselvei marking out the very coS £^?'?« ,'•''* "^7' *^Tke. North Ameriean ttand theWBS foUewed by (Ex.) Rev. Mr.cows and oxen. the Spring with milchCaiada offCapeEaee.The Xondon Herald's Paris correspondent U in- formed that a manifesto by the Pope, announcing his determination to witkirum from Rome, U alreadycific Railroad.Ne^er was policy of any State more suicidal''THE SAIIOINIAN VICTORIES CONFIRMED.At the close of the evenuig speeehes, several hun- Eaiiias Struggle for Free- dred partook of an excellent supper prepared for tbeanyThis Is a and fair domain, and we aaiilingParticulars of the Deftat of liamoriciere.UrriTLATIOll OF THE PAPAL ARMYiisAUii ^rji»t in sOseWw ^"^ while the French and the Pope are there, the Government of VioMS Eiumiii. will reptUsi the attack in concert with its allies, no matter what may be the eonsoiuences.The same letter also says, complete anarchy relgntSlaveryby a bell, which continued till the small hours" of be plaina of Kansas. enriched. Then, if Missouri wants to be a StareThePope Ftepoxing Some.GOV. SEWARD^S SPEECH.finally a third time, in 16M, when Kansas and Nebras- JS.eI?,''."Jf*^i'i°"'«'^««'f- sSewiUdo U,wo; ka were sti)l saved to Freedom, and aU west of them?Was it notsettled a fourth time In 18M, when it was inaiii sneis aslaveStateiind ICansas free Kan^sCaT«ar«Tke KIpBdom •{ Italy to I»e Pr«» daifaed from Rome.Aoatriaa Preparatlona to Resist tbe Rerolntioii.lept. 27, 1640.bees me a land of^ T Slaver;Africa, on the 23d.;Free-State men, and the whole army returned with I have beheld the scenes of your former conflicts. But to go a little deeper into the subject In 1787, Government needs wealth in proportion to its extentItiebee.Kallocr, lately become a limb of the law, in aworkinging from States whence emigration flows, and from the Atlantic States, where emigration is received and tent onward—will all do our share to direct emigrants tothat it la a climate as salubrious as any in tlie world andasdilaa rich as the sun everb^d"=°°P??,»^ i. •* p*^I'"CarlkaMi D«iiJUids flie Uanisul «t The Austrian protest against the invasion of the Roman States hird reached Fails. Austria trill nor in-myheart to see theofThe Bteamship North Amtrictm, from Liverpool present.Who would havecould have been done, and that we shouM haveOB Thnnday, the 20tb alt, vii IjcmiimAtTrj aist,and an early was anticipated.of thatMassachusetts-street, with two procession,You, people of your greet me, from the val- leys of the Kansas, the Big Blue, and the Neosho,Father Feint at 3 o'clock yeaterday moming, boood to QuebecTheRoyalHailBt amshipCanada^fromLiverpool «B Satordajr, Sept. 22, vui Qaeenstown 23d, passedWednesday afternoon.Both vesEels were boarded by the news yachts ofbrass bands—one preceding the horseback*prac-the of cannon, strations—by firingpuEedhomes, have come—and theby dinners, and Union be just as safe now as it wasm BaUfazandBoston. ShewillbedueatHalifaxonwhere they met Gov. Sswaed in bisand after the usual salutations, they all returned byof Mounttown, they followed the precise trail, .where Col.floated across the sea—the sea—under prairieandourselves we must become, sooner or later, the pos-Cape Race at 11 o'clock on Monday night,rimte toprivate carriage,bright Autumnal skies, wafted by genial breezes into thethe Asfociated Press, and their news obtained.ThesteamshipPrinceAlbert^fromNew-Yorkvia sonNaples. Gabibalsi'sletteriscouchedinrespect-TiTCS and Jonss with theirmonth of August following. Col. Tiros was made a It is well to see one's friends in darkness andSt. Johns, N. F., arrived at Galway on the 21st.Uverpoolquence of the latter having damaged he^ wheels in docking.ful but energetic terms. The above conditions are specified by Gabibalxu as tCsine qua non of good un- derstanding between him and Piedmont. The Kingsadness,and Slavery will never triumph where these are first masters of theConfederacy or Am^can RepublicThe steamshipThe Etna is advertised for Halifax and New-York the Cabinet will resign. If Gaeibaldj's request is 'particular-waaftomen,freeU«2«th.(The news is important, cmfirming th€ report by tkeOUugtnCy of Cape Race, of tke d^eat of Gen. Lamor^i- €iert ty Gen. CiaUini. ^he battle lasted six hoiirs, and afterwards the greater portion of tbe Pontifical army capitulated.LAHoaicuRZ escaped to Ancona. ^The Papal army was virtually disbanded. Ancona was besieged and l^ockaded.Gakibaldi was preparing to march against Capua. object1 would havehad not been interrupted and impeded in my coursehither by the hospiulUy and kindness of the people, which 1 could not turn aside.over— would, years hence, exchange their wealth forHe bad again said that he would only Kmgdom of Italyfrom Kome,^oclainthethewhich left theunder the of pleaCosaiderable uneasiness is felt in Paris, at the {iros- yects of a collision between the French troops in SoBie and Gaubalsi'b legions.The hope of more serious complications beingavoided, was chiefly founded on the expectation thattke vsndd leave Rome, Pope shortlymunicipalconstituting your party,round Missouri to Kansas and New-Mexico ;N)ilt it broke their barriers, and passed through the heart ofand;The Sacred College were exerting their influence inducehimtoseekanasyluminSpain>cA.'istria.States that theslave coLK to the Presidency. [Cheers.] And this victorytoGaeibaldiisgiven. TheKingwrotehisreply without consulting Ills Ministers, as it concerned him trampte, and the Sardinians would at once occupy personally. It completely saved the dignity of the Crown. He speaks in the language of a sovereign justly hurt in his amour propre, points out that he knows how to resist the suggestions and influ6ae.es of and declares that he cannot comply with such strange pre- graphs, thai the statement of an attempt on the life of tensions from a man whose successes seem to misleadfana was for liberty repentand that the slaveround — pebbles with which we laid the foimdationsIf tke Pope departt, tke French would follow histhe fierce and violent assaults of the Slavery,andlookbackuponthosescenesof sion and wrong, and feel that we have In ourMeme.It was reported that Gen. Gtnoy'a forces would bethe Union with And for what reason? It againstSlavery. — ofincreased to 20,000 men.The Paris correspondent of the London Post tele-a foreign Power, even .whenthe newest as the newest —well as tbehalf ofEurope.when I entered a cavern in therock-bound shore, 1theEmperorist tallyunfounded.The submarine cable Intended to connect -Mgiersand Toulon will be landed at Minorca, to establish a eommunication between Algiers and Paris rta Spain.There "was a vague report in Paris that Napolsok wonld attend the imperial meeting at Warsaw.Military operations in Syria would commence after the hot weather. ACHnT Pasha, Obmaa Bkt andhim.inflexible, two — coming amongof Kansas—we are moved by every sentiment of richest States in the Union are Massachusetts and 10,220 in number, which were worth and I was I have nothing back. Henceforth, if my confi-ya, and Oshas Bet, who commanded the troops dur- for publishing an article inftuliing to the Emperor ofcome to the State of their adoption. Hence are they here in persen, from every county and hamlet, and they bid me give expression to their welcome, so far asing the massacres, were shot at Damascus on the 8tti. A nuDor was current in Paris that Count Pxasiosy will shortly follow M. Tbouvikii. In the Ministry ofthe French.The Sardinian Government had notL'edthe f >relgnPowers of the blockade of Ancona, and that thi prin-Slavery. domandSlavery,fortheestablishmentofFreedomorconfiscating the slaves in Missouri any more thanand at the — sametime PABawxu..Affairs.The Paris Constitutiotmtl gives a categorical denialto the report that the islands of Sardinia and Blba are to be ceded to France, as indemnity for the annexa- tion of Naples and Sicily to Piedmont.to meet the ex- expect enemy,Foreignrudeness of our homes, theGOV. SEWABD IN CHICAGO. sulting from their success, and see how unavailing Tremeadons DemODStration of the Rep«Wthe loss of the Piedmontese being oyer 1 ,000. The Queen and Prince Aibixt were embarking at was prior to the attack on Perugia.securedhere, and crowned it with a complete victory. Hence-Graresend for Antwerp on the day the Canada leftUverpool.Tbe weather was again unfavorable for the crops on 'tke22d.The Parts Bourse had advanced 14 per cent. Tague rumors existed in England of unsatisfactoryforth the ba'tle is ended henceforth the ;Special SiapatchThe Seward demonstration here to-day aixiChina news, vii Russia.THE SARDINIAN VICTOKY.[Applause.) Why did their attempt fall? Ittliat has be^h n aged in tliis country since tlie opening the was fortune to failed because society has its rights aud its publican principles,rASTICULABBOT LAMOBICIEBX's SXTIAT HIBand is not one of but of ideas. It is arms,this enterprise in behalf of Freedom at attempt greata critical period of mankind. Slavery was just then,to be notified that he would have pleasure in joininggeneral,true, there has been an occasional collision of arms in Kansas, and a bloody hand struck down one of the noblest and most gifted members of the Senate, but in Kansas the weapons of war have been exchanged for implements of husbandry, and, like Truth crushed to18CAPK—SIX BCKDBXD IBI8H PBISOSERS— the circle at and Warsaw,In the 1770, yearthey declared war against it, and pledged their lives and sacred honor in the service against it. Practically, it was to be de- stroyed peaceably, under the Constitution of theNew-York and the Western States, and Missouri, even, into the Territories, as it was necessary that Kansas and other Territories should receive them when they have come. It was just as necessary that the exile of Europe should have an asylum where heDispatch to the Associated Press.URXAT HZJOICIBQB at TViUN.The battle of the 18th, between LAKoaicusa andour fathers gave battle to Slavery;<Cbicaoo, Tuesday, Oct. 2.fine. AU theCiAiDiBi, lasted six hours. After the battle the greatestdeputa-will return to theirThe following official dispatch had reached Turin\ Russia.tellect, of not principles,manufactures, are accelerated mechanical skill. bytroopsLAmiicixai. with 11,000 men. attackedposition lately taken by Cialdihi at Castle Fidaldo.butdistinguished guest as Commander-in-Chief of Free- dom's host, and as such, we welcome him to our hearts and homes. His distinguished staff we also —aids to such a General in arespectivecarnal,The fight was short, but desperate, with theresults: The junction of Lamoriciere's corps with thewereforUnitedStates. Thethe receiptsav-remainder of kts troops at Ancona is prevented"Come on, then, gentlemen of the Slave States.' Piucethe^eopleofKansasap-six six pieces of ar- tillery and a flag were taken ; only the wounded, whom was Gen. Piinodixi, fell into the hands of CiALsrai. The loss qf the enemy is considerable. A column of 6,000 men made a sortie from Ancona,hundred prisoners have been made amongEighth Page.on and bore it man- independent high,farmer.A was platformen cted in Ihe street, from whichbut was compelled to retire, Neapolitan fleet opened fire against Ancond.followingviews taken by the Ttuxs on the subject.The DeltaIt is impossible to give anytliing like an accurate es. tiiiiate of the number present, which is varieusly es- timated at from to 100,000.and tookand is being pursued by tlie Sardinian troops. The sayspartin thefight,cul-believe me not a;of Freedom, "we will engage in cumpetitloa for the vir-Libertypeaceably all the efforts maile to subdue them. In than sixty vears, and still is. Ireland was bound toJxsi, Sept. 18.had ad- vanced to 2614C. Coffee was active, at unchangedsales since last advices 44,000 bags, of whichgathering of the kind At 2)4 P. M.,city.to-daytheofState as South Carolina. The flag of tlie United Stateswas made the harbinger, not of Freedom, but of Hu- man l^ondage.byThe six hundredare Irishmen.the British Minister to take charge of and send them the condition that he captured Waleee. 'fhe Hon-of war taken at Spoleto The Sardinian Government wisheddurans, led a French byprisonerspersed at Topeka, by cannon and bayonethome, but he declined, saying he could not regardin tliat Cnicioo, Tuesday.on 'Thursday. Oct. i—P. M.them as BritishonporloniliesIt wbul.l have been nmch bettersubjects.LAHoBiLiiKe, with a few horsemen, succeeded Insingle Pontiflrul hatlallon.After the official [.ubli.-atluns of (/.albisi'sTurin was »./;,r. The LAMoaici»x-s defeat will hust.-„ ,heing him, but was finally killed by the General hiui- those who battled for freedom on the soil of Kansa-'. 1 Uniteil Slates have contributed so much for the caii-c Slavery is lliat the tidecofmemigrathteion in 1820, which kind ever witnessed in Chicag,.. ^^'"PT£h^rJo"u'g^h'=o^u,t^t/h;e- self. Retreating in good order further down the welcome you as their champion and defender, and in of freedom as Kansas. Before this peofde, :!ien. ap- would "naiurallv have up Mississippi River, tators esUmale the number at 10,000.Caeta of the King of Naples. ••lellow -citizens, mv time here, as well ai yours,iwere also plentifully:army nr, lon-er er-The HeraWfeated,butnotdishonored. LAJiOBiciiEiwasly outnumbered, and his forces, ill-organized and m- formed, were no match for a regrUar army, led by able commanders."Gov. Setabd delivered what he had referred to as hisex-population.Henceforth, take got to be so dense that it could not divide and spreadVecchia."that he bodeliverW overGen. Ntenext called out, and in a short andsion isalso from the character of the people—that there will be no famine m Kansas, because there is wealth andShe has no affectionSouth. for freeKeatnrky I^olliics.Tues<lav. Oct. 2.says"Thepassing.JOarge number of buildings along the Une ofwere brilliantly lllumlnatod. The Tremont:ce^in'wasiknow 1 shall be justified in historyfor Missouri and Ar- have foreseen the consequences ofis un- of themay al- Papal army h;is been de-sincere and heartfelt thanks. I had formed my opin- souri has thus lost from her soil all or a large part of From the Pressto ineKcitLra ironed.of the defeat of LAMoaicaax,actional improvemeni, w hich was upheld throughout in the fort.aflection for slave labor. She has no she is satisfied to have what siie may say,spee.-n;The London "llonduraii olfi.-er, who had liini and Col.his %vonIed hits to the Nvi. The artist who could take his photograph bestnoi, i= .i sad ciseLomsviLLi. Ky., State'Central and St.i'cTjmes' City ArUcle, dated the 20th ult.,ortiL-iyExecutiveOnthe newsthe English funils opened this moming at a furthercredit enough in Kansascarry through moreTbetayi:""^ '''<-"plaeeil under Krili^h protection,you'I'his Sh. lau-tibe *« dajilietwlthstandlai U» near approach of the end——POSITION OF THE POPE. BXTIBMIHATION 0» BIB HOLWMB lO LIATB— OAKIBAtPI WIIX ATTACK BOMI.on, upon '"«»"rt anTcalllng Ewtera'cS^it PJ":°«terfereatpresent,unlesi Yemttiu is mttmeked, but holdsI have vlsltsdyour chief cities, I.eaven-A Voici—We did not take tin* Oonmmaatmlse, and in 16MI drove aU freemenquarter.not to be There are cattle on discouraged. enoughyour thousand hills—allhougli It is a fearful sacrificeprepared.The Times quotes a Turin letter of the Sth.Speechon thedom ud thewe set baek twenty or tJiirty years, the piaM of all land Irould be— worthless forin and administrattre disorder at Sicily,Naples.Ob the it was a forcaU aboUUonism. I dm^ any way in which such an operation cean heTHE AUSTRIAN PROGRAMME.to Leave ORXAT DXnHglTE FBITABATIOMB IN TUCTIA.Seventy-four Austrian vessels of war, mounting nine handled guns, are ordered to rendezvous off the island of Llnta In the Adilatie.west of the Miesonri River, should be given up toRANDOLPH. Freedom T Certainly we did. Was it not settled t"..*.^"K" ^,?'; 1»letness, as to g5rot^ h^herself tree to choose her «wn tlms of "attackingtkearmysent by the Slave States battered down the hotel, un-•Mr. ExwAED—You didsH lake It—that i« just what I was going to say.revolntion. vGA*IBALDrS MOVEMENTS.abiding impressiaa upea the thousandsa noteters will communicate to the Sardinian Parliament the demands of Garibaldi, and request its approval of their conduct. Should this approval be withheld,there were wise men administering the Government; its people must have wealth as an element of theirhappiness and prosperity. It is utterly Contemptible and ridiculous to suppose that the continent of North America, instead of being free whoimmediatelytoGaeibaldi,same road across Mount I have also looked .upon that beautiful eminence ondispatchedtheircaptive alongtheprostrate, wounded, and almost a lonely widow, Ccheers and laughter,] desolate andgranted, the King will place liimself at the head of his army and march for Naples.Much agitation prevailed at Turin.The foreign journals notice prominently the strug-apartdollars a head. What wealth have they in the Slavebetween the civil and leaders of the Ital- military"—the brass howitzer that often spoke on occasions farthey need intelligence, vigor and the . energy amongpeople. Y'ou arc to-day planted here, where. If, as they apprehend, the slaves become discontented, and the people of the Slave States are to be protected, yon arc thegleian revolution,ral London papers.speakers, the well rememberedBetty" of other1 have been excessively retentive atand Topeka, refusiDg to open my lips, unless my jawsthe Then, what was necessary was, to Mississippi.provide exactly the same kind of government for the territory west of the Mlssissiopi, as had been providedandThe Herald says the fate of Italy is involved in thedaysLeavenworththe subjectis adverted to in seve-between Cavoob and Gaeibalsi.All this seemed to infuse Ihethe breast of our welcome guest, and as soon as the;ernment in 1850 to havetories ? But Congress didn't do it. They had previ- ously given Missouri to Slavery, and said Freedom might take the rest; but now they wished to block upprotection ;you are the men to defend them ;yon flagstruggleThe Times observes thatheroic Kansas spirit intomust all raise the means to defend the national"same thing, and are endeavoring to obtain the samedifficulties which have to be avoided, while Gaeibaldi t>elieves be can ride down all obstacles, sword in hand. Gaeibalsi's impulsive system is admirable against his own coim-;Mayorwithbut Cavode recognizesthe stand, at about 2 o'clock,Gov. Sewaeo with the following brief remarkswhich that cm^test wasdeny th^m that, and every man becomes an alien, an enemy, under the Government. You remember liow feeble and de-almost that— wi^ight say"an antagonist for France and Austria." THE LATEST.The official Turin Gazettethe reports of certain letters having been received and answered by the King.The statement is nevertheless reiterated in Turin correspondence, and the substance of the King's re-a hearty welcome to the of tie and hospitalities city,to assure you that we appreciate fully the distin- guished compliment paid tnem, in being thus favoredtheThere were long ago good and brave men whoforetold this result.There were Hbket W. Tatlob, and Talhadse, andWe are monarchs of all we snrvey."And this success, this piower, has been obtained— how ? It has been obtained amicr reproach, invective, and by resisting force, fraud, and the power of the Federal Government. This success! will be madestill more the election of Abbahak Lib- apparent byply;menacingMISCELLANEOUSITALIANNEWS.people State,Gaxibaldi hasappointedSignor SArri Pro-Dictatortrue and real everygreatness worth, to pray, with earnest-value of slaves—at that time $300 athe old and young, the sick and decrepid,tlie total value of the slaves in Missouri, in 1820, t3,0Ci},000. Arkansas then hadgivesa formal dchial topeople.Both men mean themen of Kan^'Ssand here, where 1 have renewed the waged upon this soil, while IgiveitFreedom to these Terri-upon every sea, and over all this Continent. Givethen freeman willevery give you aordered to quit Turin. extended to him this greeting.There is no no difference on this large sum, as Ihev contest, subject, but nobody then or ever proposed to confiscate it.along the line of the Northeaste n States, for they are were to be left free to sell their staves they cilv.;in all the rest of the United that is all Slavery States,the United States from tbe Missouri to the reachingPacific. If Freedom was to triumph, there was nogo ujito Jerusalem. Thisshall be a sacrelMcsTAPBA Bit, who betrayed the Christians at Hash- The Armonia. of Florence, has been seized The freemen of Kansas will not journalail in favor of Freedom They'*He was attacked, aftel' his retreat froma party of Hon-it to culture of negroes, $1..W0 [Laughter.] It is because of my speaking;wasso long darkened our horizon arc fast dispersing soulh- at the beginning. You have made Freedom national, tivation, abandon theof maritime at the Paris rights agreed uponnever In jeopardy.Now, fellow-citizens, even if it had been confiscated,ciplesCongress will be observed.where she couldpointceptagainstdrouth consequent distress among our through the Indian Territory, New-Mexico, ami the American continent. Look now at the advantages re-Gen. PiHODiH died on tne 19th.thrown in the of ourway progress,and thethe very placethe incalculable of freedom over the blessingsoutside of Perugia resulted in a Pontifical victory,your progress but we bring what other States have not toare the contrivancespoliticians,nations,IleKBS—Mr. Seward's Bpeeek at the'Wig-ThisFRANCE.The Emperor and Empress had returned from Al-geria.TheBoursewasfirmandanimated. Rentesonthe21st advanced nearly H per cent., closing at bSf. iSc. THE EOTAL MEETING AT WARSAW.The Emperor of Austria and Prince Regent of Prussia will not be accompanied by their Ministers to Warsaw.to freedom,of the age. Who would have thought that by making— It was rumored that Nafolioh had caused the Czarof Kansas to settlement, and before, is not local, but only pivotal position, but it yourfollowing;For Commercial News see Wnikcr's Capture.1Rio Janeiro dates are toiiAug. Exchangedispel by personal explana- tions the distrust entertained respecting the designs ofFrance. *200 years old in the United States.rates19,000erage 10,000 bags per day^Wigwam, outside were unable to gain admittance.,Everyimprovements made in the implements for cultivating500 Lincoln Rangers to^rstTruxillo. at a plac* called Roman,w ard and is through- victory marching upon victoryand sectional. Had Slaverya headso plainly of these thing.- that sjjiiie very coii'^ervative man.75,000torch-light procession to-night promisesBRAZIL.sas, that had (or forty years been perfectly free from the footsteps^f the slave, was pronounced by thepair of mules ? The steam engine carries lilm tliere with less cost than he could walk or go on wheels driven by animal power. All the implements with whichworkandhusbandryaredone,aretheproduct of mechanical skill. farmer .sees tliat by theaccount of Walker's capture,LovKJOT, Hon. C. B. Dixis, and other promi-Tliefrom the New-Orleans Delta bears, out completely theOnENnent Republicans.released from prison at the Balize, where he was un-had you had you even abandoned the Wyandot Consti-der sentence of death, with a of on promise pardonI think that vou are wiser than yourdurans, under tiie lead of thij^ ruffian, made aassault onvigorous Walker's camp, but were metwith steadiness and coolne.-,--, and with great rc;iulsedthe loss of half Ihtir men. During the fi^ht, tlie;stroyed the cau.se of Freedom, notbut also the whole Union. throughout1would have de-inonly Kansas,was a very w'iv m;ui, bot1Gov. Sswaed and party morrow, and he will sj.eakThe Wide-Awake torch-Ii?ht processionby who had been desperadoout the entire North, and with propriety on this oc-casion, mav we greetyou as a conquering hero, fres hfromconf'ict. Go<l grant these triumphs may extend surrendered and accepted the Lecompton Constitu-Thea grand affair, there being from 6,000 to 8,000 .\widtes present.to be Wide-If Ga-nearlyevery Slave;of Sicily.Baron Beeniee was to leaveIt is reported that Makzini has arrived at Naples.Garibaldj was to leave Naples on the 19th ult. for the heart of "the .Saratoga of Freedom."which1 ,600 slaves, worMiNaplesof thewhich you hold in this Republic, 'i'ou will perhaps be surprised, when 1 tell you that the secret of^ all theon t'le 20th ult.ness to the world, tlie truest patriot and greatest understand, theaffection of the Americanwho has very luppy HIS ARBIYIL ASDIBCfiPTIOS AT LAWRENCE speech. C. F. A daub, Jr., made a few remarks, al-And we who are com- here,The Reault of the Straggle and ita Z.ea- ona—Present Conditloa ofthe Texxitoiles.Great Receptfon of Rlr. Seward at Chicago.H18 SPEECH AT THE WIGWAM. From Our Own Oorreapendent.LAWBiaoB, ThursdayTeeterday waian eventful da; la Kansas, thatwill leave anGov. Siwabd was a presentconsideration. Thetransactionso"fthis State,thewisestthingshecandoistodoonthewest w hat she has dene on tbe east—i. e., to be sarrooBdedKingdom, and vrill not accomplish the annexation at ing to escort the dlstlngtilshed Senator Into town, on citizens of the Uniteopeaceable assemblythey now find out it is irrepressible. Jtkinkyouwill Abolition" Te"rritory—making it a place for connec-It was expected that on his return he will operatesion was formed intheir property and sacred honor.Kansas, whom I have not been able to see inalt the Ttrritories the United States, ofbelieved that this met here to-day to celebrate it with all kinds of demon-against Capua,capitulationplaceAnd yet, while this is clear to these intelligent,tical and sensible men who have gone through the problem, what a contrast is shown here to what is oc-GARIBALDI AND CAVOUR.inotheroftheUnitedwhereECPHTBB BETWEKM THE CIVIL AND MILITARY 'yonr prairiesandvalleys.Anotherconsideration. Itisnotourchoice, fellow-LEADEBB Of TBE BETOLUTION—GARIBALDI'SLETTZB TO TICTOB BMANUEL.Advices from Turin assert that a letter had beenaddressed by Gabibaldi to Victoe Euaxozl, demand- ing the •immediate dismissal of Cavour and Farini. He also demanded 30,000 Sardinian soldiers to garri-;that we arc so constituted that in spile offrom New-York, arrived atThe Canada takes the place of the Arabia, in conse- but its contents are not luiown. The Minis- Onad, but Titrs was no longer the grand chief of the the banks of the Kansas River, where Lecompton sitsthe other leading the long train of wagons, and alto-gether making a grand procession of full a mile inlength. They marched out of town about two miles,upballsbefore. [Cheers.]dance, speechlessinan bed. hersoso that vigorous,peopled by men,are w illing to take it at forty acres a piece and enrichbut he wasemigrant wagon Theselittle incidents made the occasionmourning, ambitious but unfinished structureshow high is the ambition ofshowing Slavery, andple^'so free,proud,wise,they they labor, territoryand love have utterance.with admirationto ouranddesolationshowing how easy, after all, is itslaborers, and slaves from Africa at two hundred getly interestingcitizen was forcibly reminded this that darker hour in our history.As the escort the approachedcontrast that which was thought wise in 1787, vrith—Great nations require something more than wealth;:to the ladies and gentlemenjustyou ^upon theguests yesterday,Eldridge House, in front of which a platform had been erected for thewhat in 1850 actually happenedit was foundthat of the Old Dominionslaves included.less Imposing—commenced her salute, that made thewith an opportunitv of seeing, and hearing,greeting the great Republican chief, whose name and lame areknown and honoredthem who declared all,heartsOwing to the recent settlement of our covmtry, thethrobbingburstingandobstaclescedented and youand circumstance which have markedThe Dublin Evening News had published a letterfrom an Irish source stating that a great battle fought people, we cannot'hope to receive you with that pomp whole of the theRocky Moimtains,hithergive, hearts overflowing witli gratitude and aflfection;due to the deli\erer of a pending evil.California was imperfectlypeoplepresentTimes,In the days of our political thraldom, when we were mocked with the promise of sovereignty that we mightbeemigrant fi-om the Eastern States, from Germany and Ireland, the free laborer, in short, from every land on the earth, when he reaches the Missouri River, can safely pur- sue his onward path, and under the banner of^ Free-riunparelleledonhad t>eenshe hasmet it—here. And ifhow smadl a sacrifice Of it was, propertyweighedwhen our people were de- persecuted,were abroad through the land, they couldbe enslavedfrauded, plundered and murdered, tliatdriven to despair and crushed out—then it was that our honored guest stood by us, denoimced the tyraimypreachersmake a Slave State out of Kansas ?bine.iand Free State every,theirby coincidence of downfall.eveo' oldand not slav% labor.—So, theyall thethey mighttried it, They have got slavery intill they shall place the honest statesman of Illinois in tionthe seat of power, with our guest at his right hand, tution, at any stage of the battle, itever you mav have come Iron,.1leave for Cleveland to-when the conflict between freedom and the FederalGovernment shall be and forever repressed. cSectuallyAgain, I welcome you to Kansas in behalf of theIhyofhimhad wiser man than he. ter to liavc becoineacitycouldreaching Anci.na. OuttiUc of Ancona there is not a effort to capture the General, and succeeded in wound- man all Christendom is proud to honor. In behalf of citizens; no other hundred thousand people in I'le their' a-tion. The consequence of their embracing doubtedly largestlUun.in.aions were departure from[Sensation.] 1 salule vou with gratitudeYork and (Juebec, the Provinces of Canada peopledand the line of the Northern Lakes. There are tlireeThe Papaland threatened him, but ,Walieekeptthem at hatsThe Times saysIsts, for the 40,000ready be reckoned as Gen. Cialdisi's prisoner-* "stillpursuedSenator the and the sea ofot Northern Wisconsin andvictory, coast,orrearinj;reverence. and alTection.at It the oftraits of Abkahamcies bearing Republicangeneral.repulsedreached the river called Tinto.ormottoes, and pictures of raUft-euch brigand, who led the party, made a desperatecitizens of whatever party. I welcome you a.'-a states-kan^;isiheythe and most imposing thingWaleee reached a place called Cotton Woo Limas,he encamped. The nauvesIt is but few o'fSDlitterswhich occupied1. behalf of all the people of whatever age, condition his a^ailants. Continuing Ids retreat, he rule and the blighting curse of Slavery.the first time, 1whole of the procession lengthBlack ,,,,,.lUicr, whereanimation to the scene, as Gov. RoBrNSON then took the distin-Round. after round of lusty cheers gavedistributed.manv sulijeel.s vip*"! wnieh we sent round there. This same tide of emigration peo- three bands of music were also in the procession,having beenBritish ship Icarus, who was ofl' the coast, accompa- subside for .-ome moments. When quiet was restored ion of fromidcd by a schoonefr haring on board a force of Hondu-sent a ran sold ierv—and the British commander upyou your past conluct am not surprised by your kindness.and history, and 1 tills Well, then the nia=s of emig.*ation candles were set off during the whole fime the pro-'trongforce',composedofsailorsandmarinesoftbe evident- lr«r„!, and of the Honduran soldiery, wlio, sur-roun.iins Walebe's camp, compelledsTwheprte thisroungohtHe commander, who asked rence. It needs turiendered to the Britishif handsomely decorated with Chinese lan- cherished is then more than abundantly satisfied. man, r.Mi-souri had been wise, and hafi not House wa=on thatinsure you one/ and ordered—the river bottoms and the prairies, and my conclu-TlL"'i!?"'P''''>' and the me weretaken back to Truxllli,Ihanone like this. yearcare of this It this willandWalkeu aalone att<mpt1 leave him. tliercfore.and retain it, as far asI"""';'; 'J;:"!"'','„'' drawing cm.fra.P1e'^replied, •;affectionfor the of tiie [le'iplcKciam w« re(inirons) .shouldbycredit,possible.Karuiap,Kansas make iipeech. That i«, he refused toto doubt it wHiinnottahfefechtistory of tithself, so making a greoaft rush,unpre-false,. Slavery would have swept alongorbow iny>elf, as1 have was 'iiiien round into other regions. Instead of en-were scattered por- LiNCOL.-.. Bamiers. and transparen-his speech hei e.In the evening another meeting was held, and Gen.—ttoial hiehwalto'pike's °I*" touri to-day is richer by mPiTMUaiko*nPX,^th?eJpGOV. SEWARD IW KAWSAS. NvE^as called out again in a longer speech. He Winter, and still come out inKansa. bv firemen. AU herwith the free Northern SUtes areyou are doing, and can do, and will do, to mak"full of wit and made a short speech.Gov. Paitehsoh alsoKansas, assuring them from our own observationfor either she la to be forever a Slave State, as she de-ternatelygravity.GAaiBALDi's troops had disembarked at the mouth in this city. Extensive notice had been given tliat he United Statesas a nuisance, because it sheltered the flict was irrepressible. But you determUted in yonr love Slavery, but because they iote the Union.oftheGalrgUano.andinterruptedthecommunication wouldbehereontheatth,tadnotwithstandingthe freemenwhohadcomeheretoseefreedomestab- struggleforKansasthatsheshallbeforeverfree—and ButalltheeffortsoftheslavepowerweredefeatedoftheroyaltroopsbetweenCapuaandGaeta. Gabibaldi had been to Palermo, and published a fresh proclamation to the inhabitants, repeating that he will only proclaim at Rome the Constitution andthatsettlesthequestion.A Voici—it is not settledbybandsofemigrantsfromNew-England,fromNew-pinching poverty and general destitution of the coun- try people, a large concourse, from more than half of the counties of the Territory, assembled in the morn-lishedinKansas. AndIhaveCcnstitution Hall, in Topeka, where the army of theUnited Sutes, for the first time in the history of our but it is setUed in Kansas and for Kansas. In New- slaveholders here armednation, dispersed a lawful and ofMexico they tried to settle it in favor of Slavery, but the Territory and established here what is called an "here toand from allI seem not to have journeyed hither but to have wiserwere pried open, because 1 do not like to doentire vaUey echo like an orchestra of thunder-peals. piecemeal. 1 desire to speak openly to you, in the ment should be extended to the Pacific, all should beimmense crowd could be properlyaroimd received:;of the contestmen freedomWm. H. Sewaeda Committee of citizens, and through theiraggressorspeople periectlypopular sove-anything have been more absurd than this attempt toarranged DxtrzLiBmemoriesrevolt at the implements—return an equivalent for it ;The of Lawrence,people throughfenceless we Free-State men were tenthings by broad daylight, in the hearing of the women as well aswhen the Govern-waged byreignty,as they pleased, suhgect to the Constitution of thethey perfectlyinterpret «s they pleased, while the at aufhoritics'Wasfdngton have never been able to IntCTpret It totheir own satisfaction or that of the AmericanWhen I look at field after field, and cabin after cab- in, and church after cborch, ana school-house after school-house, where but six years ago was the unbrok-free to dotrymen, but Cavoue's will be indispensable to Italy as authorities, have requested me to extend to you, and United States, which were left free to free labor must go out of the united States, or go Pacific Ocean, in the centre of the Continentthroughout the civilized world.to-day, upon the ground where the to escape being heard on the PacLfie as well as the in the Senate of the Unitedmanly gratitude, and by feeling of devotion toKe,--York, though they arc so merely because theyliberty-loving you scarcelybom a slaveholder, and know sometliing of thekept<'ence in the stability of the American Union wavej^I shall come here to learn that the Uiilon is.»t ness, God bless and preserve for a long life of useful- Statesof the Union. I apprehend thatstrongerstatesman of tbe age.Again, we welcome you with joy and gladness toyourselves,importancepositionpeople.Capua. As soon as the deafening cheers had subsided. Gov.No foreign Minister, except the French, had been RoEissoN, in behalf of the whole people of Kansas, United States, with regard to Slavery and Freedom. li(rn five hundred thousand dollars wai, aen laud of savages, I am prepared here—notexpectingRcFDsKiMO, peerless amonglower in Missouri would prove a mockerylooked, also, upon thethere's New-Mexico.\ ork, from Germany and Ireland—who came theconvened to holdhis arrival from To'peka. AtllH o'clock a proces- sel upon the best means of protecting their lives, Kansas, and that henceforth Freedom is triumphant in Slave StateStates,coun- find that the whole "battle was ended in tke deliverance of tion by theUndergound Railroad" with every 'peopleG^uro- from KejMMrin order to have Slavery In Kansas, she did not aeebow futile would be her efforts. Missouri obtained these Wby was not Slavery settled by all these final set- concessions for Slavery from the general Govern- of hearts made gtad by the reception of Gov. Siwabd der an Indictment and >nvictlon in a Court of the tlements t For no other reason than because the con- ment, not because the people of the United Statesmade up their minds that there iswayclassical in Kansas history. As they approached that my visit has occurred at this particular time, so dom in Kansas and New-Mexico, as if the settlers In to the Atlantic coast. France and Spain and Greatsad in its influence, when nature, that seuds its rainKansas were no wiser than they are, and knew no better way to propagate freedom than by the sword. When freemen want to make a Territory free, they;Britain, who formerly occupied vast possessions on this Continent, have been gradually giving way,' re- tiring. Every year they are weaker, and it is Only aorahundredquestion of fitly years, before we shall t>easas well as in the hour ofthelyfeetonthe21stofMay,1856. Then,again,inthe withdrawnitsgenialshowersfromthesoilofKansas. giveitballot-boxes,andschool-houses,andchurchesprisoner in his own fortress,byalarge companyofjoy.established. Now,be extended over a it needs riches. Aposse tramped their unho-uponunjustwell as the just, has for a yearAs we stand hereKansas rebellion, so-called, had its origin, and againstwhich were directed most frequently and persistentlyIt reminds me that beautiful island oT C^ri, on the great and good man who, by his eloquent appeals wiU lift it aloft and protect it, and bear it to success was because tbe slaveholders had property capital, which the rocks are piled in native deformity bnt in andtimelyremonstrance,rousedthegreatfreedom- andhonor-andthuwithoutbloodshedand whichmustnotbeconfiscated,eventopreventSla- massive and whosesummitsIfoundmyrmidons of oppres- midstthe bravest and most virtuous people, which can take the banner of human freedom when it is trailed in the dust,by the GovemnMBtof its choice, and can andand the storms of earth and hell shall notit.^prevailloving heart of the North to generous sympathy andnoble deeds Lnour behalf, the occasion becomes one ofdeep and solemn interest. In contemplating yourdistinguished and self-sacrificing services In defenceof our cause—services which nave enshrined the — you nearly and yet you are name of Wii. H. Scwaed in the hearts of the freemen tlie mo.sf and the most constant. Thea domain as Government determined to secure their slaves to tlieAtlantic coast—I am prepared to declare, and do de-clare of theyou people Kansas, most intelligent, andthat this power would in sackcloth aud asher. But these good 'men wereoverruled. MissouriandArkansascameintoof KaDSW violence.) fromstrength, uponof all thefound that this ofmerecoral.island rested on aaie the the and the m freest, wisest,head, includingare at very beinglargethe ruins of the of Nero andpalaces Domitiaa, yet:People you once the youngest,thirty-fur -Vmerican States arethepoorestandleastfavoredwithpoliticalpower capitalistsfoundationyoungestfor are disfranchised— In slaves that was s»ved at that time? All tliemajestic;youof Missouri. What capitalhadMissourito carry you through and sustain you during the•^- sSSiS; J?^ ho,^s of^'m^^occasion at the Eldridge House. This was followed others that we would eek In the United Slates, would State becomes" tie Impoverished,was inthenight,and participated byseveralofour.One otherday, do they not illustrate the subject of the irre-distinguished guests.short time, and seemed greatly surprised, as well ax delighted, to find how "some things can ^ done as well as others," even in Kansas.piesrible conflict t" [Cheers and Did laughter.]v. M hThese Free States wblch you are building In Kan-Nebraska, are and tiie tme **«,»nd sbowing openingnaUMIil highway to the Pacific Ocean. Yoa are pn>- ducHig around Missouri the influences which her oeo-not our forefathers, in lim, settle this whole subject, and by an ordinance, put at rest forever the question of Freedom and Slavery in the United States ! Certain- ly they did. Did we not, in 1820, settle tliis conflict whole, glorious day Kansas—one forever t Did we net declaie that all north of 30° ec,free, prosperotis States.that will Bot soon be forgotten by us, neither thein. and byk-n„o"w°!L'f*l''_^';?»^'.?^Ac" tke Leavencortk (Jf. T.)Tiina, Stpt.aS.in twenty congressto give up poUtical.FiLLQW-ciTiziKsAdesire ofyears,;dutyIsaboutStates ? 'Was it not setUedpower.:long-cherishedtSanAnother lesson which this occasion teaches us ismine is fulfilledto hJpaid—the desire ofKansas—the duty that I felt I owed to theKansas, to see them in their own homes and in their own houses.worth and Lawrence—where the of mercenariesata deferred last, longCtmstitntloD of the Unitedfor the iflh time, when the I«compton Cmstitntionordained that the of Kansas were peoplewiU sendfree tochoose Freedom or Slavery for themselves, auhiect to themore reoreS^tiSvSrto kilssouri-and sl.«iofdl^dSSn l^it^epeople was oneofadopted bydegree.MissourL ininstructive in an eminentStales and the Supreme Court—MiathU fair Territory 1820, compelled Congress to admit her as a slaveof the United Statesand if you look into their say-iyouoccupy pivotalposition Republic made,andKansasgiven.'up to Slavery. Threeniil- u\y alone,permit that T,aw'-rence alone shall have the honor of bidding you wel- line of the Southern States, for they are all in favor of were at liberty to keep them, so only that they should ousness In all your cottages and cabins, so soon to bescratch of the pen of the UnitedWhen State, and In 1850 to abrogate the Missouriyet—Mr. Seward My friend tells me it is not settledyetMissouri op River, fearless of cannons, and found Uie—;States,suppose, tjecause they are older, they are so muchcurringpartswhere they believe me still as false a prophet citizens, that our lot as a people is cast upon a conti-theyas Maqomet! In Pennsylvania they have not yet nent,In the SoQthem States are anythey actually organizinga sessors of the whole Continent of North America, from Onad, that has already become rather free havens "where I would be." lam not sorry militia against the freemen who are establishing free- Hudson's Bay to the Gulf of Mexico, from the Pacificwpublic was to be the home of an ever-increasing peo-socould not be confinea in the old thirteen States saw this be the home of free of freeings, youill seetheyhad ail found out that the Re-setseen more of Kansas, if I within their reach i, e,, all they then bad control States? I much mistake if thesofree. Could anything have been wiser than for Gov-free labor the barrier of slave Missouri. Could byfor the country east of itthat,very men upon whom they must rely for thatstay the course of freemen ?They determined thatsee now that we are established in Kansas—;slave-power.11B20,be withinBut there is an eternal strife between Free- import and make no more. There was no need of converted into palaces. Once more, people of Kan-country, including to the Pacific Ocean.andevenof4lh of March next, the patron of Freedom—as itit to freedom, teemiiig with wealth and abundatntthere is no difference on thePeace, therefore,your walLs. and plente-andfrom and im- with a compromise. You opened a new campaign Missouri a Slave State in 1820, that forty years after-dom reach the foot of the Rocky Mountainseveningside of New-Y'orkand there the hosts of freemen from the Western coastFreedom inand interpreted the handwriting upon the wall" in will unite and join him under the same banner. And practically in Texas, in Utah and California. Tills is the ears of the whole nation, until the knees of the ty- everywhere, except on the Missouri, is a land of free- what comes from attempting to bind up the decrees ofmoved from off the necks of our people. The contest Slavery midstof abroad ocean of Liberty. You occupy notreceded afterfirst conditional or provisional Government was di.s-shall, 1 not '>p justified by colemporaries y Wise. be>t, bravest oflorwhere he was again attacked and again sex, I welcome vou as their deliverer from despotic never (lone befoie to any other neoplc. in profound tering New-Orleans, sought ports New-brief.a distance, until inforinatlou guished by hand, w-nvlng can even touch. As to the lea'-t important subject pled Ohio, and Michigan,anytended remarks at all other points in the TeiTitory— that my poor will find a place very strongholds Slavery.no furtlier thonugahmteabout me. 1his surrender. stating that his Kansas speech would be made, at Law- California and Kans<4.s. All tlic ambition 1 have ever within ihe longitude of my voice probably one marchwasRiniEE of what country answer was, equal to the occahion and satisfied every expectation. for a moment, is the sadness widcli lies like a pall ever have set foot on the soil of Kansas. Tliere isnini and Col. or Government 'hey claimed protection. Waieee'8no encomiums of ours. Itfully'I'he second consideration to which I would advert driven emigration from its natural course, that wouldstars, and other devices. The proces-was tiien asked if he de-of theRoman territory, except Rope, Vlterbo and Clvita omccr Gi.vernniem.' Tlien,' It is said the Bridsh was estimated at 6,000.masterlyeffort, the greaseemed almostThe Chronicle"TherestUtoftherecentbat-Ihat „fMcaragua.' Heplace i.^.njfif ^^jer the protecUoncrowded withsaystlers to transfer to the King of Sardinia the whole Drills i» nag. Hea of a famine.sopeople, all were addressed;Miedsult of the withdrawal of ihe rain forperiodlongI,,a number of Reput/-.\t'The conclusion of hisarmy of KaB^as freemen who heard itpopulation enough ill' No that ne had no claims frantic with ciithuj,iasnu The number in attcntiance/prefers She has norepl.e.i. -as you have no Government, I willwasamusing speech ga\cafew—not alone from the condition of the but crops,iiiij.riM'iiedi.ofdistricted Democracy. Nobody ever reports Gen.over a large of ilie Territory of Kansas—the re- partKansasnowto makeMissouri jtgreatStale. ButMissouridoesnotwantas to excite1 have carefullytowaitandbeaSlavestale.by ^youyour:apprehensionsexamined the condition of Kansasgreat[Laughter.]North, but a great affection for the peopleit.saying that he ranks as among the first stump-cralcrj not do, then appeal to your friends in the Eatt, aud ccmc into the Unior., bet whichUntitled DocumenttoVou will takecontrolled by ihe slave power.for Missouri, but not hopeless. liverancc to which Mis^^'fiKentticky[Concluded on Eis'hih;;fatlier.s, where had a father who llnnk I should be .unwor- I not en<'.e;ivorc.l to improve my bet-;number ofrant smote together with fear, and his heel was re- dom. Missouri stands an island of la the Providence In flaxen bands by human skill. His speech was one of his boldest utterances of Re-'*CHINA.Rumors were current in London of unfavorable earth, Chahlbs Schmse is again in the thickest of the United States. 'These good men believed it would would be perfectly free to have no slaves. 'This early trains this moming came^portion of tkej'ontificdl army capitulated. The foreign news from China, but there is nothing authentic. It has been one of ideas, of mind, of in- reach its end long before this periodloaded withtions from the country towns to attend the Republicancountries. is supposed the advices may have been received via \demonstration here to^lay. Other trains during the ual, and it is in such a conflict we recognize our partof the United Stales, were abandoned, and Kan- Who thinks now of drawing himself to town with a day brought large accessions to the already largestconflict. With these few exceptions, this warfaremovement of the age is quickened the agency of bysuch cause. In 1854, on the floor of the United State.** Senate, you accepted the challenge of the Slave power inhighest powerSlavewelcome,these memorable words:tlie he is able to with the soil, every year dispenseservices of one more laborer, who becomes himselfpackedbut tlie people became demorahzed. The war went back, back, back, spirit- until 1854, when all guarantees of Freedom, in everyIt was at this crisis thatthere i? no escaping your challenge, I accept it in behalf peared on the stage, reviled, despised and hated, and anthe Governmentas much anearly which was;inventionall the operations of trade, the arts andlifted the banner ofgin soil of Kansas, and God give the victory to the side, fully forward, defied all force, and yet counteracted Europe lias been In a state of commotion for more .Mr. StwABD .-poke for an hour and a half.that is strong in numliers as it is in right."Six years nave elapsed, and to-day your subordi- nates present to you Kansas, to grace your triumphs, with a Constitution adopted by her people, bearing nostain of Slavery to mar its beauty.The times are most auspicious. The clouds that havethree years tliev' not secured Freedom in Kansas, onlybut in all the Territory of the United States.Freedom made Kansas as free as Massachusetts, and made the Federal Government, on and after theseek relief'; Germany was over-i>opulated. and must have an outlet for her energy and labor. What mail- ness and folly, then, that the statesmen of 1820 should 0|ien this country to Slavery, and instead of securingThe meeting in the Wigwam was addressed by Hon.New- New-Jersey and Pennsylvania, so this (3,500,000 was!there was in Massachusetts, Coimecticut,York,given byofto counteract and control tbe great moving principlewards, when the canals of New-York and Pennsyl- vania were burdened with commerce, when steamers floated on all our lakes and rivers; wheo teachers andand what have they got ?to theb:caso, Tuesday, Oct. 2.\Missouri and ArkansasKansas, andthe dis-millions of settlers in the Provinces which SlaveryForty-an hour in passing a given point.State. Shewieie'd the li^ns. labor, bot a greatconflict at all.Theyexceeds anything of the kind ever seen thisfree;has been built those upon nothing except;:it—instead of this we to turn off all these oughttheelaborate and ai'gumentatlTe.necessities. It was just as necessary that He speaks in Cleveland on Thursday. E. men should move out of Massachusetts and;:people,•sion to be a wcicprincipalsfrcs to or she had tietter have tieen free tie,from ttie beginntng. If she is to remain a Slave State, she think, were must be a planting State merely, and the value of Iter'shone upon'for Freegom and for free emigration. Now, ten people of KansasInthat the population of the United States had reachedestablished over asThis was the reason the Federalwhich present them- slaves in Missouri .it tiiat thne were exactly selves tome on you. I have told all.If ever I shall waver in my devotion to Liberty, I shall come here to renew it—here under the sympathy of one hundred interest I have felt in you has teen merely !his that and Arkansas was about 93,500,000, but to save that thousand freemen, saved from Slavery. Henceforth$4^-0,000. The whole capitalof slavesin Missouri;a in the of the capital in nesroes tlie great compromise of IH20 was these shall not be sentiments butThese are theconsiderationsI;made than human because it is founded in uie ambition,;and they drove them out ofa Government which is tocontinent needs wealth greattheseoti- nient.s ot all hanki.vd. Men will come up to Kansas,hail['Three most enthusiastic cheers were thenplaytern-, crystalHail,sas,all the assembled multitude for Gov. Siwabainof Wide-Awakes, illuminations and fireworks.The weather to-day has been verymarihcd through thestreets, which to the Court-house yard,ever held in this Gov. SiWAED was escortedNew-forktheto its utmost capa<;ity, while large numbersyears ago•smooth,m / Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 