 set yieldtheto any of the (rider State* of the Vtatm.fton Otowe atoee thecommencement or Ike tote rains toconducted, and by the tews regnteting th«tenure of goi utads, toe miner has been precluded, vlrtaaUy, from ally toganyotherpursuitwtthhisbusiness,sothatitmig'tnotone of them was discoverable, the party that pro fot-?e<*tohave sent them on beard having doubUes-i re- tainedthemforhisownpurposes. Theoldladywas. of wssilial about twelve HUM tram the ¥a*d, iest the enure malarial tor tin frame of the -tegiaaw, a campa-rat-very small oast: aad, as if by magx, thelearning ber condition, and bemg interested in the sedue,resigned and modest appearance of bar little granddaughter. took ap her case, got permission to take them many religions, bat no government religion. In•favaryatoat framedbare eoased, nansome daystheferryboats,witto therailroadrjstoeenaers -tallmalls,areseriouslyde- tained croseinfi a a d seventl hours' delay occmrtv The -winter bo-beea ve*rywevereinMisooan.ami the toe e r a ! m o w togw&er have caused much*.IoftheMaitrjpofthe r,bathattheNary Yard,Th*-averageproductofaminer,allowingtwohundredandfiftyworkingdays,at$8perday,a$7$0perannumfiat, it most be borne to mind that hi the mum*; piece near the genuine ticket office, bat eritoady whereamiIamprondtosaythat,ehhooghthiaanylahatten* fromSeotuburg,that<neerJtounyToegoods,stGraveymwaoto.weharretheBecemmrytools,menn,,andnilother Croak,prospects have been found thattodtoate deposits engines of any de- which wdl pay good wages. Some twewey er more areJudges Lscktend prinrapaal were prwof steam mitheboHerset thetime, which, 1 am interned, n butlittle mare than half the praam-rehaving such confidence in thenames that they were wil- ling to earn c mere subsistence by working with the pan and rocker uaui the ditch waa steamed, being satisfiedtheslaughterofthousandsofpeople Inonegrave aloneten thousand persons thus slain had been buried, and up-on a large cross erected on the spot, a n inscription to seve-ral dafareat languages tells the tale of retributionand thte exception,carnage. Thts war closed the ports ef Japan far tw o hun- an affidavit froadred years against all the world, and until the visit of Judge Heber- -I cannot pot it af feju summer on Comaioaore Perry once more broke the seals which h a sso long bound them to impenetrable exclusive neas.>w jn thts city has been facilitiee for producing enj'-j. Toueey, sf tne navy, tor favewag tan State ant w e could do our shareat present wording there, all dotog well, and have plenty of water a t 'For several years the country around tog Oak Flat has attracted the atteotien of oarPtoses*,-en account of the reported richness «* the diggings, and for a long Usee eager eyes have been watching the progress of the ditch,ing or a caroe to California:'—Son Fnmdtm IXHeraid,Deccitizens of San Francisco and property awnertoon the line •can be acquired almost without effort The alpha-a ooounudnea not received all taktheindal-qsenoeaf betog eomprlled to wait tor a wire rope to b e seed to hnnfing their dtrt sar np s o toattoJ Thiy have lately recosnmenced their labors.We did not have an opporf :n!*x to vans Gold Csnoo.bat learned that much aatotog was gotog on. The Fashion, Vo. 3,istakingontveryrichdirt.a crop falls, or Sf war totorpates an obstacle to trade, aadprtots fall, asaay other genera: calamity, a panto aaenesbut its consequences a r e never in th e first class o f evilsThe planter still has his tends, his houses, his laborers,hmimplementsofcultare;and.thoughhattreastrymav cabtomistotortham,aadtomakeeveryarrangement foraseasonbesadlyslim,behasthesseaasofahealthyet-m in tberr pteoes, forming toe outlines of The .«ame journal states—Big Oak Flat in at the presentnto tne first cabin, made up a decent wardrobe for her, this respect toe goverameat is very liberal, aad someand invoked theservices of Dr. McNaughton. She came thirty OSJterent sects exist,each having its own peculiarup from ber extreme debility and delirium, after careful form of worship. One sect the lecturer remarked, had Bow lis. T h e totoest nnner fro-j-t Waahingtoo steteator a TOSK! tf her class asany shipyard. > It waaanteasang sight to asCan-to 1tome one of the Hftltott camps in the mines. Hundreds of fatrsngots are arnvstg then weakly, and the hotels aad resuarsnts sro [crowded. The rood from Jnaksnavule toSheFtot s t o d with wagons and ses* trains, bearingand constant nursing, and when the ship reached San many charactenatocs of the Christian's belief aad of than €oi»rets«an Barrett, Cram thto di-trict, to Francisew.wasabletomake herwayto hernewhome. Bible teacbtofs. They are called Saehoos (Worahippersj, Aig\rt)Be t o harve h is frtmd A o m a s E . Courtenay Willi a tew changes of incidents, the case has its counter aad while bebeving fa a Triuae God, have many supersti avjajoanted. Ttoe iiiMatolii to mtoreettog. The eoa-iof our9tete. Than, again, thte goods dssntoodfar the totter ptoee. Thewater isnotyet which made aha eases* doable 1m- to, batog delayed by damage to theworks of the ditch;~aa abive suggested, His lost to th the gold. It consttostosgradnal certain drain from oar resources; and though w enjoy t h e vast sausracuon o f reading daily enco upon oar greatness, oar growing wealth, oar ia>portonos as a State, and the otter impossibility of th world'severbetogabletogatakmgwithoutas,relbctm. minds will not fad to see through these shallow, seductiv. sophistries,aadbeholdotteraaakreptcyaaddegrading povertystaring oarfuture intheface. Letusnotde ceive ourselves: this same poverty and biakruotc- hes been the fate of al)countries in which go! 1or th • preciousmetalswerethestaple,and wecanonlyhopet evade it torough the adoption ef some policy which wii keep thegotd atborne,aad faster other interests beside mining. >people read the papers, there would be fewer such: but if New Yorkers would make an example of some of the -well known and reputable villains who are the au- thors of such distress, their occorreaoe would henceforth be rare—Alto, Cat&imia.Th>e PaciaVi Hallrwoul Convention. The Man IHego Bcrahl soysi— We went into toe Conventionwtthotherdelegatesfromthe(southerncounties,sap- posingthattheactionofthatbody wouldbeconhnedte the Unttimati object for which it was (sailed together b y Governor Wetter, agreeable t e a joint resolution passed by th e test Legislature. Almost the flrst thing done, after organizing, w a s t e fix upon toe western terminus e f the road at fen Francisco. To tote we did not derasr,that city btafifc the great euipoifowi of thePacific, aadthe grandaantreoftradesadcommercewtththe EastThe next move was to locate the road onthe Central route, without any regard to feasibility or cost of con structise. a a d to order farther to benefit a few property holders, w h o had smuggled themselves o r their friendsv«atfor ffw ptoeaaofdeadmentoillustratedin another faoV- the sheilfl of thto esmnty, Mr. 8. Cterre, dtoff yesterday, a a d 'to-day a wefl known •iiiMl ton i bill ml feTthecafital to try and secure MM place Tor liiiiMwafTTaot M l that shew|llavere her-but it is expected that ibe ueosssary repairs will fee acoom- two weeks, when a stroma will beottost week toe lucky finder of a piece of quarts and goldAtDeerFlat,nshortdistancefromBigOakFlat,from twentytothirtydiflerert companies areworking, being strpptted with water b y the Boar Plat Water Comtony. Tbey are making from $4 to $30 a day. (toe claim. woiwM byoreItanasrs,issaid to be payingaahigh ea $$0 per day to the band. •-.'-«We select the fettowmg itoam of News from the Jdekmt «•% (Cal.; Stntmd, of Dec. 3 —Durtog the week we have ssroUed a tang w a y n p Jackson Creek to rant the miners engaged along ;t,and to ascertain haw they were progress lag. The rams have been too wafreqaent and light to fur stottaaythtogMbaa to* annotate* wator; y e t oaoagh is afforded to enable a few boars stohsing and washing everv day. There are a goodly aombet to work, prepartng for the better days soon to come, when ample wator will be had. Ooaaotoaady, even n e w a days, a good strike is made which pays hsatoassnatj for their weary toil. A t one claim wc visited, the owners bad washed est sixty dollars to one pan of dirt, aad other washings paid richly. Of coarse, this is a n extraordinary yield, b a t the average • very remunerative, and the diggings generally promise more than good wages.A short time since w e aatoasd the discovers' cf verv (air dfegtogo near Hardy Bull's, at the canon, and this week we tonsn from Mr. Jena Anderson, who bes returnedibs ii|natalaad morel,TheTf i n tot h e tetter wood laThe rtrer oppositetheeffytonotenurely froaeaThe work oh tle*u*ettite deacnpataa and inianoat their scheme of plunoer.The flrst proposition wasthat theState lend her creditattrae-asd the crawd instaatiy there was a a ^ J * •item: e te the eaart; -oom. The ptemtiff was repreaentoa byMisor Wright sa 4 L E Shreve; the defendant(by.and reflects the higtmst credit upon all w h o were m a n y w a y ocoannected wtith "its production;to a company to the amount of $5,B0OjMfi; butthis didsot allow of enough margin for specotobon and pecula-tion : sa,after a long debate, toe sum of4(16.000,000 wasagreed upon. When, however, the Committee on theAddress to the People of the State and Territories of thePacific began to consider that there were otiufs than the ptomnese and the ease with which it may be learned. It make in tins essemF t v ewe are proud to any that watch waa to sapply the only drawbeofc to an exteusrve The '• war" prosecuted against the Pitt River and Maitwet is simple and expresses, without aay aoan •biiity of msttaks, all the sounds of their laa-piarr *It is formed upon a phonetic sys- tem.having the sounds very nearly like our own alpha bet.eacepttheseexpressedbyj,q,vandx. The-rowetosaythatwearenot or a postponement ourtet-timonyfreer genee of theCourtreadyfact is. Charleston,inclinedtolaythisNEW T O R E H E R A L D , S U N D A Y , J A N U A R Y 1 5 , 1 8 6 0 .ABDmoaAl FROM CALUOEMA. sen*, t w k o u t forty onsets from drift dirt Four o f d m whilst it is being produced, the wild tends of the natgbbor safltotoBt inducement te give these cases precedence overlatenttakenoutweighedabout$90f> 1MBlaanemiahat singular,aathegolaaboutCbandtervdieatgenerallyveryTheley, Hump and r, and other «osnpstms are at workS 5 ? 2 ^ V W , » ^ ^ » » » 4 'JMMdasa. T *«• ^^htejrupto|jmt?.OMjsa-*••« W9m*ITtfl aatl 4$ data, $«M ofamnnsat,Br. Loca, Jam.6,IMS,vs. Shaw). in which, oa the first trial, thejury gave the fair ptotattff a verdict of $100J»0. the lawyers forthepartieshavebeenamsjnliia|.Usecounty high and tow for evidence af^iaat the woauan, aad the deposWoDHoow onfileintheefieeoftheClerkof tho Court WOttid fill a n oidinary fioar barrel. Thai caeewsetfortrialonMonday,the9thinat_teatitworking tools—all fibs necessaries and luxuric ofthegoldthehadinberpursewhileattemptingtogetof life—moat be deduct*1. Bis board, at $4 p«.r out a piecero fee the waiter who brought hera bowlof in noinatannr were wash things even touched The Jaweek, !s $208 ; his clothing and bedding, $300 gruel. OntheBonora she was given asgood a berth in panese would examine tham closely ss they lay, bat Ba- has left that totportatat office as ha scrambled forand rich mineral district A s w a s expected, s o sooaras Ito demonstrate the impor the great work was completed large crowds of misers day prove to our government of and others began pouring into that section, and now an pwbtlsworktothemeehanimofCalifornia immense number have collected at BigOakPiat,who Mean of developing the anxiously await the advent of water so practically test the on thts coast, that mines. W e presume they will not long be compelled to required at a timet when they could not be remain idle for want of water, as It » confidently statedits from theEastern States. -that an abundenl supply will be iwutog to thedtSchon p thelath at—m was rawed on the Saginaw, for the or about the23d of the presentpons of working and testing the engaoes.at the wharf, continue favorable.tomanontheMlowiagdayonatna*trip bataa ftisbynomeanssurprising,whoawetakeeverything-appeared to he perfectly adjusted, the knee into account, that there should be a rush in this direction.The mines, for lack of water, have aever been extensivelyof Captain Mcftougal, toft the wharf worked. although thoroughly prospected. Ever slnca thedown the bay in tne style, making first settlement of our county, quite a torge population hasregularity aa fhnngh they had per fag Oak Ftot has rapidly increased in sine and population, dark tanny ester of skin, and foatares large end promv guns. W the Mo-nek, Captain Federouski; Lieutenants for years. After an absence of a rew hours, and and it is now one of the largest aad most nourishing cities neat Cons:der.ng their nawvalM- nomadic habits. they Capitaa?, Bosenberg, CoprionofT. Graviloff, Chikofskl, Cro-roc-ei-nag the taatenisiy salutes whsn passmg ether to the southern interior These facto—the pertinacity weesned now rather lazy, for the* toy aroundon the ground ning said Proaspspefi. She also mounts 10 guns, has 14r agree wtth your Honor, that tt wor u> oonuniie this case till the hot weatl m,withone littleexception Our tI per hoar, although there ware but supported itself ontheother side of theriver;the minersto vestigatton waa golac. •mL TheptetetaTmas-tbe,*.etbyeatoST,sa o show by the a gidr.vit otamong them. Some o f the squaws a r e rather _ to appearance, having large, dark, lustrous «y«e. reaaarkabiy small hands awd feet, and are generally well formed. Their hair, like that of all Indians, is sfaaa tont when ready tor ana a speed of fourteen nii'ee that they then would have rich ciaims and plenty of •and-tearss. Their teeth, in ahcestevery instance, are water to work with. Daring the tost foar or five years whttoand small, complexions ruddy, showing through asodclosedasor am prepared 1 gentleman w a ci la aaapatoaad to carry; and t: is oonfldenuy exhad charge o f O -e master our aide te re «sy. 1 '"•i-to say anything ahont theaamtee of white with which those who had earhr settled there clang to rolled up in blacken- near the Urns, conversing butlivti.-etcbythefairnandaofindies,aharetomedtothe then*claims;aadthegrowthandimprovementofthat smenrthnmsorrnn andgazing-withsilentwonderuponyard, tovrmg performed in the most satisfactory manner, section, oi: course, were noted, and made a favorable ica ttie many well dressed ladies -who visited the place,tone hi near to be felly equipped tor sen. When ready an prerston on the public mind. Theresult is that Big osA aoaaeef the guto are dressed m a sort ef tunic or aofnweekwillbemade;alter Ftotisnowliterallycrowdedwithstranger!-..Sogreathi jatistofcoassestaff,sad->afewwereleisurelyof personal a a d profesanmal r e s «•»*, though. If cesaary, I wilhx gly yield m y pe raonal reasons, been through tt da case ones, ar j) know wtiit itiwuidepartunderthemmmaad.ofCaptainJ f*. fJchnaak, and taampe her • position" to the squadronThe fotto-wmg data were kindly famished by Construe tor Hanswune and Chief Engineer liewell:—Length of fhuil between perpendiculars, 155 feet,emtreme. 18$ feet; beam. 2d teat outside of guar to. 41feet, depth of hold, l i * toet; kaplan laadl at load line» ing a large population. That they are very rich—as were Mfltoaa; weight of hull. 1M loan. The Teasel is topsail the digglugB in '49— wo to no', believe, but consider theyrigged, aad her armament consists of one 4$ will pay fan* wages to the miner, soon the water will be ttpoonder, swivel ran on the bow, and two $4 flowing in their ditch, andwe expect scortty to hoar flat-to. ho-sitssit on the quarter fetch. Peeinoo of wheels, tering accounts of the richness and exteat of the mines — twehre toet abaft dead flat centre of displacement, t &mcra rsnoa Dtmtcrai.$ 1€0 feet forward of centre of perpendiculars. The Treka Journal, of 1st December, remarks tha:Complewstnfofficersandmen.fiftyntee veryhttle-sjlnmgisbeingdoneonScottriverat present, Tne macliiaey—She baa two uic toned,cylinders, $9 in consequence or the fiusaes hsyieg been carried awaythe rissjtn of a northern winter, and were tioaled dowa the Nona to Cronstoat as soon as the breaking up of the ice in t h e river would permit Originally intended for gunboats they were tent mtogeneral service immediately on the declaration of peace, and have been m active ser- vice mshe -bortb Pacific ever since Their frames are ofoak, wtoh yellow piae decks a n d finisiungs.The A n t gives the following description of th e Rvnda,which trill answer for both:—Ber engine is high pressure of two hundred horse power, which, with the en ire ma chincry. I? of Russian make. This and the boilers,though appearing to be very strong, are not handsomely finished, and look s s tncugh hastily made. N o great pains is taken to keep it bright, snd in fact there are no polished aurtacea to any part ot it The interior economy of the shipdaPrsmateriallyfrom that ofother warsteamersMiscellaneous I terns.(Dow, Jr.), a late Ban Francisco paper says.—Paig"was Judge Incktelong ago a sad sinner against himself—he loved liquor, aad terest in thte a liquor kdled Dim. fie came to this State five years ago. of contract. Ilknd—An alios-' M nasbeea *nad< to the se Why, si it tt only a sun on a bie all other sr jta and shooid no. o einches diameter and 43 inches Stroke two iiouhle actingate pomae of twelve and twenty-four inch diameter.respectively, and twenty one inch stroke; also a surface on the river'. Those two (the sprint chums;, wire beingsary anteum of room seems u> be taken up for many pur poses. 4)c deck "die looks better. The lower riggiuir, in- stead ef bemg turned in around the dead eyes, is simply hitched aad stoppered at the eud. The model is very fair, bat.perhape too foil abouv tn* run, where tne pro peiler and -steering apparatus give her rather a clumsy look. Thecowsarealittlebetter Thearmament,aswe have said, eeaststs ot ten guns. but only aix of these are nowcation- Paige did not die poor. In his atae moments h e was strictly economical and moderate in all his expenses. Hewouldlive on a quarterofa dollar adaywhenhisUniony. Mot lawyers in Cb wanted to m a aadwhoathe us from ciosir was set there matter and ea onepartyget side desire to furs the same ia the way of dayafterwe going te pay I be so hot as t don't care; I the better. 1/ that i avlaaton be u s i Phttntiig our . for th- me off.ithroi procei officetitts. dosed or th 1stew am wa DMthetowofhQssoeri.axitttf knew it. lor thev were toUl *t Tte "m y for u»e eetx.^tions they deetea rfound a a , ee-aid s o t thus piewe . Tiienii', and know.ng that m e ss j, nth taea th^-y mrew 04 tee wto The tews of the State sav ehat w t^tit or stay close, andif the-ttl^ they mont d o ao one w—Umugb r. The defendant threw a" •aaV Tne ptewttff eoald have gone o n ,a-tdd^o,.^ lag-aJrv. butwear*m sport AM torse hot weather -the groans oat ef an alligator, iMaag to n a m bare perhaps in*condenser, which furnishes the boilers with fresh water,and Winters patent rotative valve gearing, Sha baa two•ran bottom, with composition tabes, wfatoh are known aa 1the Krglr* * vertical tabular type, invented .some flfteenyears since by the Earl of Dnndonald. They are commealy known to theUnite1 States as the Martin boilerHer wheels are of Won, aad known aa the overhangingwheel The shafts and crank* are of wrought iron theengine frsoaes arealso ofiron. When shemakes another mmg upthan this in the county. Toe same company,trip I willAmte you all the particulars. working one week, (since the above clean np) wtth ten hands, took oat one nundred and eighty live ounces.The GAden Era office had paid him some sum of $6,900. Uut of this he had saved enough totherashthattheStocktonstageshavebeenunable 11ac- commodate half the travel, and many persons have been compelled to toy over two or three days in Stockton be fore they could obtain scats.mikiss?theirsimpletoiletbeSeecscrapsoflookingglass, which they seesaed to prise very highly They were evidently not using Ro.wland'+*-I,-alydor, cer Frangipanc! aerfoate, bat whatever it was: they were i i i f satishe i with its ooor. The old women appear to have the manage meat of the culinary madtere, though the 'harder part of the work te done by the y oongor-eaes. The boys, of whom ther- »re many, are lively little follows, sad take to the cueti •....•! of their new acq aamaaames much more readily than the grown people, t kmw were baking bread in iron frying pans, a custom they • appear to have • learned fromand has since been an acceptable writer upon theSunwhen it shone ttie brightest, and upon the ttoltsa Bra.whose issue of November Id contained Dow, Jr. "s. lastsermon. Though his constant readers perceived muchrepetition of himself in fas later p.-oaucuona, yet, even to•he last, their quaiatneat, good sense and individuality frcm vluai IM • d«rtv*d 1^ information mm :ita*r were astonishing But hte Intemperance brought uponWe have considerable accidence tn the Bi? Oak Flat mines, aad think they will be found capable of support'otherwise. Nc marks aad hte ance to hte f can be showni Beyond questi'w as to th proposed a: ettmg test-e patot ef Major 'rnght s ndavtt in regards tne monf at Charleaton I Uusby the recent sudden rise in the river. The flame wktcli conveys theArnter over tw o claims was all that remainedthoir infants wtth them: an< t Mr Irvmg,«ne of the m en who has the tribe in charge, assured a s that nine births had taken place sine* they si artod from Tehama county.At one end of the encRte ire are saw-flat Creek Liar, a tall and well formed Indian gir.,*bout two and twenty years of age, and better dres ted «han aay of the others j-he wassuperintending the baking of-some bread, and was tne centre of a bevy of » *ua*j. who seemed to look up to her as their Amazon i oader And sach, in goou truth, she looked. Tall as she is, ado is not in the least ungainly in her motions, but ac lithe a s a asphng, bending hither and thither to \ack up the various arucles shewanted,andnowaiidthenspsahmginquick.pockets were full.*j***or type setting and sermons, since May, 1S55, the handpumped oat with a view of working, the proprietors being of opinion thai they would be enabled to work until the spring rains-setin.purchasetwo50varalotsinthecity,andthelasttunehe wasatworkintheEraoffice,hetoldacompanionthathewaa going off tor a day or two to took at another let whichbe thought of buying H e went on a spree instead, out ofwhich he never came again. These •sprees occurredwith him about once in six months, ana tested for two orthree weeks at a time. after which he went quietly abouthis wotk, kept straight a a d sober .and never crossed a n yman's path it he could help it. It is not impossible thatsome little money may yet be found belongingtohim.On the debauch before the' test that he deliberately went into,bemadeabankofthemoss-stuffedcushionofbis suititsowncLiBGE YIXXD or Goto.—Wm. Morrow A Co , miners at Poverty Bar, cleaned up. tome two weeks since, ninety pounds ofgold. This was the prodest of eight weeks'mounted, the others having been left in Japanthirty-ato pounders,and o f Russian make, a n dagreeably surprised a t linoiog them smoothlyeast, a circiKBataiice we had Dot looked for after the stonesctrcuiatei during the Crimean ear. to the effect that the Russiaas could not cast a decent loiking gun.warming to sluices, eight men employed: or nearly $17 per day to thehand. We have heard of no better sumThey are w e were a n d wellCmasform••astoatmajltetellt-f-enec.Each aueeeedmg arrival from th e Pacific brings n s to wjth better success than ewer heretofore. Thero are some curious crowd. There is a wild, defiant look .u uer coon and neat condition a s could be expected. She is consider-Krmy RmtR Mrxxs.—Kern rtveris now btjing worked telligence of the encouraging deveJopemauto now being one handled and fifty miners on the river, and so far aawe could learn, are making good wages It is expected made in Cahfomm andtheNsrtfawentTerritories,inre- thatnextseasonminna*on theriver will be carriedoniiands and feet,and gives backstare for--star» toth? ata,thesteamer looked very well,and wasinasgoodseatforsomuchashepreferred nottowasteTax W i-a YIELD or CauroiuuA LAST YSAK (1869).— The feitoirirLg figures represent, as nearly as we can ascertain, theamountotwineproduced inthechief wine growingprofitablyem) of delay.Majo. Wrig salamander, i haps, asthe pitch ot beatThe Ophir ofaboutthinlafaitoarsto to wry livelytwentyJive AittektB teas*areatsfjPAi iobjection. Bat tt is now satisfactorily as vr thatbesidesthe quantityneededforbothofahaae of eittoens. enough aad plenty can be furnishedrecognizing ao tow af <tod or man; he steads to toe way of thewatte man,aadmost andwill beremoved. The unto question is, how can this object bo eOected at thebe preached unto all the nations and the difficulties sur- roundinghisearlyattemptsto engsge hithat work,Ute lecturer detailed the circumstances of hte enlistment toready to receive them. This fine specimen of river steam erabaabass modelled and is being built byMr.John Worth.is: th.J. Com emp.it^art-or for ate/aasae^einatttn.ago—1*48-'48- $0—the mere mention of of gold or other precious tnbataneee. aadSonoma....' Santa Clara Tuolumne NapaYuba Sacramento.82,000 Santa Barbara. 1,000 5,000 8an lnegoA few yearsthe dtosovery theeffecttoattractthewmnds,asifbymagneticmfiuNear bv was abave Head, the prinolpal cii*.' Shave kee having disposed of his rigtit to the government. They Bead, i? a stout, thick set old ttadmn. with a 'MiUtexous low difier woe-material point from the Simon pure article,port u y or artittcml. Mmeieoniy.mfJ^L^J^TtZ!^********' •« »P« aaaatfjaa range, atveral vary rich ajaars toads h a m beenTHX MHOBAI. ePRixes or CTAH.Tne HydromHc Frm, of fan. Juan, Nevada county, re-CALIFORSJA FLotrau Dam*—It sounds iinnatural to of a Hosting debt ui a State which h a s over a halfof dollars lying hi her Treasury; yet such * the California. She has outstanding about 6150,000MIJ_-tottetmad.®**lav huCot-In•y are nanvalled, producing an article used for manyrtte ••^to»aalwartge?^ywdidtodX "******yU ,J** *'«•*Sa, sot because they are of less frequent occurrencelhatvaryautogoodsaeaastocomeoftt*-Mbltoation^and that, Thevagabondswhomaketheirmoneybyswindling ticket interior walls andenruaas,andserves tham as haad-purchasera wear good clothes,sad hare thesirofro- kerctutls, towels, aad aa wma-ping twine. So uqspectabte toes. The tew is stringent enough, aad the in pvrtoet, totked, to tho requirements of Hfo is this ar-teati-aaafMtoMayaraarasstenoughtoconvictthem,not ticle, thai one:of the first awrtage jtipatottaaM » the qutLilty er paper which the husband shall settle/Fmmlumho ia pre- withthegovernmenttoruntrail!W ^***B"a*f**^m*lnThey are sow taking oat iirt whteh tostsp-andcertainlygroataMauncesaretobemadetorthe mwhichthaaa«ttortoefbigsofthepeoplefound waa theof thai state of that«eneral hte toteall the languages of the world, but rank the Gtotoaas higbtst,aadtoknowthattongueisconsideredanaooom pliahmrntnmre-jspectellybelongingtothefirstclassesofcount, but it foil snort about 6160,000. amounttebelievedtobetoold' standingsince185T,withthevition baa beea made forl r ssKLuxt; a M o m t i x —A in Yreka, says Mmsanrattoas wtth a mountain between IfcaJtMtyBasy- the •atantotov. mmI*IWI;"*I and©of«enir»Cstt^aa'aihavelately rtarateg Conoeto mt> Sugar LosSj-dacethatn, areofaB«s * general rate 1used to place of leather, II entersupttothetraaatnnlilpnofbtiildings intheformofinthe agncu"urB,fraw*""'Bg extent r» wuhsteamaiiim^ ^Tfc«-w*^apaydirt, ami pr-ijrtiaiog in,the*Jugar aaslasmtrat^ii?T'***-***-*'-"'»»asac *"te«togaad St-Intra soar, and would have the scheduleweeks, of teht'*° nanus for,ftf**",owing totheex-(Shouldthaibetrue,andtheworkfairlyprosecuted,these minescanbereadilyworked almostthronghostevery •tenth to the year JadammtU ((ML) awMtton*.tothenortheasternportionoftheState,thatpartly •Bg east of ttbh<e Sacramento river, and north of Butte creekjihat has siaflered most from these savage maraudfrom the Re 1 Bluff Seacon that twenty live ers. we toarnlmen, assas of them the best aad worthiest citiaens to the e bean murdered b y those savages to a stogietotterofwhichhacharacterisedaafarmorapleasantthan that of Cahfonua, bemg less subject to extremes ofand cold, and, indeed, almost a perpetual summer—he spoke of tna intelligence of the people, their literature, schools and seminaries of learning, and even Mttwatjtoalflfteenpoundstoweightformerlytookthepalm-*''Otaapaajonofthe •^•ojwarapieceofrednbboa " TM * •••jj'farn to a man after•soar m tno service ot h a country ^2?"^TM?°' entered mtor-etwesr•pasaasl Orate Britain, tetters ssd tVand froac apah^the hntentte, Canary ae* aaa Busistond,winbeforwards'rw».Ail theStetea of Europe s)rt*o '•••B?-U,,d Bahamas,will heforwarJedaaantrv. JM..L. letterswilla***"." wbeiJTepald.an ** •»*»* *Ad-«*d, that^•-•.aswj*S"s"i"r*a!ege-aotyeteniattwttlw iia wtth the UL watoawtowaasiThe Courier rnratohes us with the following bits of in telligence:—Wesawundergoingtheprocessofcleaningin6,000 El Dorada ... 2,000SanJoaquin.. 2.000 Contra Osta.. 1 ,1 * 0000to get them to as pore a stateasr if token from the gold Refiners Are. The cost company have just commenced cleaning up the bed rock, hair aad two staring eyes. men) petite. imelbgent and educated. Nearly all of them500 •Mondav m Ma Judge Lack. Major Wrttd Judge LackMarch. MajorWrigh Judge Reberorderthecase- the fifth day ofThe case af witnesses press The crowd h ethe result tt s a lOCTObadwtenaf the «**—Forty -ftottoCatonratooreise- aatooraisprings,both hotandcold, wanes watersare either sulphurous, saline or chalybeate. They hare beea foaadaMalongtheaasternslopeoftheSerraNevada,torodwiththegaveofincendiary fire, institutions,rankingthem hightothescale above those Fundinglawdidnotreach. TheFundingnetrelimgs were burned, aad ao man of the Ctoneae, though not yet to mar-pars with the the people voted provided for landingslepttopeasesawquiet. Itisnotwonderfulthatunder correspoatttogelementsofEuropeandvUbattioa. The sum,itwaaatttatttoil,wouldcoverail" the"-h>. av-sarLam*.BoawwrnriflrtttBd,W^*eaa-tVnJ. Emte-w, Ttu TWJand Lena Star*»a- and poymy*u«k8». A a atatoHt at acoastofMriee; w*-**tt toarteen day* from city to city H-* stated, tioas lor the year » baatev,variablybnaa-aboatsowntotnerdaatotton,hatointhe ihV atasm^* * * * - e a t t M » " * i*toV a^ W^T. '"•tig aaji, 'Ai «... v.i*d from u » swi, or if ha- is not, toe faaltfactthatnotonetotwentyofibuecwhoareknownt>sis is th » respect to i oniahod m due nieatiy to the facts that (he swindl*! party cannot afS.rd to tt*y aud proatcnb-, andwiUifUt hteprtfeaucUn<prufecatiogattorney|UHU<J(hebarkafsspe:wgofmulberry,butbywhatpi-aoaas was cot stated.. The manufacture of steel at another mo-tettersbyweight,andmakethe timeregularly insix says between St. L-joJs and Sajram-nt»8T4rnsTH--i or ista HtWAiux IBLASOS.—In the liawaUtn talTi.la ilu>re -una 1? I'm rrun neap 'il <re»ra nd ».,.* <f •**-cotnigg>rs,Utetsahibe the imprudiert-uv aut yetgold asittasapte has couon£,idwillnotaverageorer$300ayear,toaddtooa,thatbeweald atekcthe tim-:intwelve dava Tberewillbeat-ojin-aute•[****£%?141 • 1 -<*garla*b# * jw^eaetsg turn $JW» ia a stapto eammodlrr which inoftener Aati to fourteen, and that be would *,so c^utracteitB ,O Bhoodarebemgreclalstedsadmadetoconmbatotogene rat andindividualwealth;aadthestoneytorthestaple gees m m substantial imprniiiraanta It requires bat little political sagacity to see that a iiiaam iij with its labor aad policy than regulated M Luaatawtrr |T»wtog noher aad ai always independest, to far as It ft In the powe;thecrowdofmailerswhichheisperpetuallyurgedto bringtorward. It• due,however,tocommonhumanity, no Wat than to the peopie of California, te«t the New York attborltler sbouM pat a ••<*? to ttie terrible outrages p*ae- towd afion women who are leaving for the llolden State. The foftowiag case w e give rather aa a specimen than forFlat, momefwhtoh are etiiteg oat good pay.The Cnton Casspaoy was idle tor n short bsae, to coase of man to ptoos himsslf to that coveted puaajuti. If any seveny it possessss —to the claims of s^yington and Mcstonn, on RabbitCreek, the round sum of $4,C0O was cleaned up on touox-day tost Thistorgeyieldwastakenoatofdriftdirt,sad cfhisstapleforthethousandmarts of trade waiob de ••nthefirstcabinforthetwo. Whenthewoman cameonTheir gardens were characterised as poasessmg fastares of pecul sr beauty aad taste, and vtetog wtththose of Europe to their -rare sad tfaoicafisrnl gemsAs a people, the lecturer found them boundless totheirhospitality,-ataatoatotowvatasswwithgreatkindness,cheerfully putting aside business to spead whale days tosnowing their guests the uusattij —A tts -mrtoatoes.de-tatetagthem-UwayBaslongasiJOBtobte.withefawstoenhence their phtoiiii n aad gratW-mttoa. Theysre also anhonest people, m the truest sense af that term, both byeducationaadaatotnttiveabhorrenceofbadfaith.Everyopportunity had been afforded them to purloin valuablesurveying insiruments, sadsuch articles af lanarirna tobelie-«B*dftwillhenetoffforthopresent. manufactureasweremostJllghryprisedamongthem,but Tb«-jecenaeofW.A.Lhtn,Coltoctorotthisport,wastoorarestoftwentymenataborsforstxdays. The eumpaaywUlcleanaptoday,andtheyantmiaatealarger amewntfromtheirlaborsthanwaalastweekreceived.peace er better times, he ULready with a heavy s ippl• stand itboard toe Baltic on Novernoer 5, she found her stateroom war rightly numbered, butthat it waainthe second cabin. Shehad fivetrunksstoredtoMewYork ataThe La Porte Jamwyer has been forwahed with a atate-you wtti i-wtalry aw thai we do m«ntef tfle smouct of gold purchased st St Louaand which mi&teg for theprecious metals has hitherto bean a iwindier hail directed her. On arriving at AspiaaallNovember 16—Bought at Fine tirose, by John Coaly ittwttha ftnrnanarta. ttS.rri; Ewrts.WitsonkCo.tlfl,3S4 stStLootstbefauef 18Wan anteT from the Horn fltcrttery of Everte, Wilson it Co . $40459, angler * Co , flSJOfiw be permanently aad profitably conducted—hence from very tick crossing the Gulf stream, and in the darknessmakicgatotalof183,715. Hostofthisgoldwasobtained fromdriftdirt,aad thesupply oferasersearoeiywar- ranted theminers in piping.chum, one of th* best m the mountains, yielded, from the the first three days crushing, shoot $3,000. The proprie- tors thmktbm l«as than what will be the average return fter they get totrly under way with their crustung operatans. The proprietors of the veto are Messrs. Eaton, muh, Manning, Vanghnn, Loom and Bameu.this$750yearlyproductofhislabor,hisboard,clothing ofber room and her dizziness tost a good partiHasca-mmandaatofourMaryYardforiio sxecu-Naval Com radar, Mr. The Sonera .dps of loth December mm:—The BanterTTOLnrMt cocimr.his working tools, wtth necessary repairs, $60 the sect nd cabin as her ticket called for, but her bad lack thing further. The property was sacred. It was dhTe ibis leavea $2$2 still in his parse, for the par and lltotss drove her delirious. The todies oa board, rent from the Chinese, who steal everythiag they can laywith great aridity. H to t^rrenfiy renorted thatthsj place b a a been tendered to C-ommtosioner Bowlia* hat that s-enttemaa win aet accept it. Hii bro ther in-law, F . C . Colbunk a prominent railroad man to thte cfty-,bas boom montooood as likely t o gel the »ppohr»nent, throogh the influence ofchase o f luxuries a n d charitable donations <alw»v«most demanded in a mining community). B i t little ohis bard earnings is ever devoted to the purchase or toprevement of property, for toe good reason that the tenurt-of ail toads around h im is adverse to permanent possesstem, sad without permanency the incentive to improvenient a tort. Whatever capital is invested in this wav isentoatofthegoldencountryandgoestothepurchaseolands or houses in those countries where the title to proparty at secure. In either case, whether tfe!*arplu*ohis earnings, over board, eiothes and neeesssnes, be spea psrt oa every steamer that arrives in 9an Francisco Ifhands on, even to stripping the copper from tho ship's bo.tom, whenever opportunity offered tor them to swim alongside undetected. T h o Japsaear have among themAt present we have no mesne to rejoice that gold is onstaple. "Ofthe six or seven hundred millions of dollar-whtoawehaveproduced,howmuchhasgonetoUi<wealth? <>f California:' N e t o n e firth, o u r whole tasabhproperty Will not equal one fifth of the amount; and it a into ftm Convention, it was sought to carry the roadb«<ard a junk, and alter getting out sa s e a , white engaged in their devotions, Jte vessel is scuttled, and tbey g o down uttermg cries o ; j a y These tscntices a r e regarded a s accessary to rehVjve both t h e victims and their friends from the disgra: t attaabsd to whatever crimes the penitents were gudtyef, or for which they m a y have been roadew-s-ed b y the tows, wad are always taw-aaemsate pre- ceded by bathing m the sea. They have a •mperstttton, toe, that a demon dwells to She storm etond. and upon -the approach of a. storm, tbey g o o u t with arms sr-d make **verv hostile denHmsteattoa -wssible to order to drive tt away." Their supposed victories over ttm storm bend are commemorated by paintings of the monster. tWled with arrows aad darts, fleeing before the. toaaato array. Yetanotherof their beliefs te that tney nre descendants ofGod; that at one time they tthshittid vhe sun. mid by reasons o f Skis consider themselves supe ner to toe human race, being themselves gods. The Japanese language, said the lecturer, is wonderful for itsupon th** htttterheld *a verland auil. which w re- paitled ae st great ate -cess, and adds much to tho import* nee of the roer* i Post OSee.fFVomtheSt1/mteDemocrat.Jan 11]The <amit room arti « Caart of Common Pleas w aa crowd*. 1 a-gam yesterda y morning, to anticitiaaoo of that resuaar ttea of the tettf of the ess* of Emily ^ai-«taag va.neBTj-tmmr. Tha-aps ce imtide the barwas filled wttB lawyet s and jurysssn , e n d the services of the aherffl ' w e r e * onatenUy raster e d te preserve <**er After paaa- iiigtte-tiagh several c «SMS. and hearing various »*-*»*; cutsry actioas, Jedte j Bebsr called the case which hadto beTemembered that over one half of this was produce,by asanaasrea and agrtoatotre. It is a n idle and shallo*towat that aasaasataa aad agrietiltare have sabatetol an. pense of constructing some sixty miles extra road between depended exclusively apen mining. Grant its truth, an. San Francisco and theeastern confines ofthe tftate.what then? The friends of commerce and agricultureaught reply in a a equal spirit of troth and satire, "buttor as the miners had starved.'' The fact is. w e in th•• contribute a torge share of the means necessary to carry mines, who expect to make this country our home, shoulitook with the greatest favor upon every plan which tend?'t*keepthegoldwediginthiscountry. If yeu caneve •aaaased in esubiisluag a general .system ot agricultur. sad home ntanatoctares, then, indeed, will w e be the richest and meet powerful community, e f essal numbersin peace or war, upon the globe. W e have the best or the worst staple product: it earned Spais. H cursed Mextou. and all ear Oontosi'n neighbors; shall w e make it a blessHmattdhredlIateUmatetoBaaPraaelsso.Judge—IamnotCreek todaaas, b y General Kibbe a a d a company of v o toateora, ended,-na it te known, b y the*oapture b y them of about five hundred men, women and children. Beside that t*asntt,*two hundred men, women and children were killed without •daaaage to the whites, save one of their number being ohghtiy wounded. The surviving red pe<tMb miners. They simply t» dx updhe flour -with water intoa fiat cake. torniag it from i vide to side until don J. But afew are tattooed, and those only about tho chin and underUp. Theohtefs,hewaver,a.*esnereproaatoeatlyaaarke:about thebreast and arms. Maa? of the squaws ba»» that we have seen. The decks are low. and an unneces-him poverty, desertion ef friends aad teas of seir respect. Hit* wife died t w o years ago—not early enough to b e •pared the wretched vision of h is rate. B i s only child has been for some tune in the care of the Sisters of Mercy,brely ignuraai sent ed them, no bindtakingof the cir The true to the c-say: b a tuiiamlaairiss, rr wdfally misratate of tttt <-aae was, inert ja-osel eoghfod on th- other tjMy dtawed to take a-ivex•*§»«;disjointed sentences to her s*oaapanions. Lize haslarge,darkeyes;letblack,toxiuianthair small TakingIntoconsiderationthefactthatsnewasjustinfromam • -aaaeat, however, th.at *i»e Go u- mver «aee.Ttietonecan.I%mmirn doye. Iterthedefendaat.and Iam nottn—-1 tte Caart» ant. ac<i : am n ~>t ^In- Tlf*^ «**'"ry dotwe*t.,ergen Jstnan has wortte.! Jamaeis SITTo a fort nscase,thataecan.vw Z1**** «**•** ^'J-U*r«oe1 mmt ZL"* "'"V »•**** "• b«* nnatuv'S]*w**-^°*:«,»ttal. Osnctiter 1«•-*«tppa»wepatetTtoiaaeeuilthe rebaad—Very trefl. a—What time didMad (at a •bstonoe;-^ Ir-st^day*lenaiice, and aa impatient, half daatotofaUurasahe throw ed to be very fast—running ea* ly. under sail, twelve or back the hair from her faen and gazes upon these arouo<i ih!Tie«*i miles an hour. On the main deck we were shown her. Shehashadmoreintuence wattnetricethanany avarietycfarms Themutketswhich themarinesused?sactly 1gard to the diaooverv of new mineral and auriferous much more extensively than the present The prospect other member of it, swaying the ciimvc at: ah-- plaasnii. were rather clumsy looking affairs, but capable of dotug counties in California —lands.thissummerwillinducetheminerstoincurmoreex- penseandlabor inthefuturetoobtain thegoldinthe river bed — Vitalta Ddta.roreiiead'andtan:,cruellipsHehaswhatisnaseamong excepttonotbemg«i*kiiiywell finished. Theuniforms hither and thither, m search of ndfnuggets and the banking house of Hall a Allen, at Todd's valley, on his class—muttaehes ofjet black. In hat tost lAli*. he go. of the oaboeia areblue, -with theusual epaulettes or goldMonday tost, a tot of gold dust taken from the "Bed Rock hat left arm broker, and was cow rolled ap in a dirty old bands iifsai theaoouldeas to denote rank, and the aavaland,Hissaid,doingmuchat*shelikedwithmanyofthe whib*meninhernativeregion.judgeLad tween Major ' 1,000 ral—mine ten that of the eo JudgeRebeXo. 1"claim, which weighed twenty-foar pounds. The gray blanket, with nothing viable butasnook of frowsy anchor buttons. We found the officers (mostly youngT otalTHEFast Loooaezrvx ix SAX FKAXCISTO.—At the maabate abap of Messrs. Young k gtoddtrt, an Market street,SanFrancteoo,amybe seen the first locomotive ever eenatruoted in Califorate. It is intended t o r a n o a MarketstreetfromtheregionofMarket,TayloraadSimmf thousands ef human lives, and an intense amosnt tf and estimate the yield, when the cleaning up is com One group was oemposed of five boys, from ten to spoke wtth equal fluency -German, Iiuasiaa, Frensh and smstortagfromsemi-starvsuon,todthegetsseekerstobe pteted, will staoont to from ton to fifteen thousand twelveyearsofage,who were collectedtoge|herforour English, to the totter tkeyconversed readuy,andnotstove that t h e s t aula at metal toys secreted to flinty qaartz;doliam. special adiucation Mtarof tham were caught on a.raft in only in general cooversatiox, butthey seemed toknow the MoasQtASTZBasDOvaasss Maaaia. Baastan,Waitand thePittriveraboutthesemonthsago,andweradreadfully Englishtermsforallthepartsofashipandthe latrhiaoijitogetitrtsmtoadftots,tohoraadunquestionablegood the Piatt Brothers have thts week discovered another frightenedwhentaken batbeing kindlytreatedtheyat Thewardroom,orwhatcorrespondstosuchaptoeeinaa moasstreets,towardsthebay,forthepurposeofdrawing Theoneotor siaenr valuablequartz ode,abouthalf a mile southeastoftne lengthcametoliketheircaptors, aadtwo of tham, Silly Americanstop,wasneatly famished andperfectly clean thesandearsusedbyBrooks,StephensonftMcCoy,who t,daringthatperiod,sthere- celebratedPiattlead. Thenewvetoisfromon*totwo andMickey,HaveMassedtespeakenoughEagiinhto Thereweresofas,armchairs,andaparlormelodeon,oa havetheemanatetogradethonumberofstreets,includ-aid return home, with haggard feet in thickness. Much of the rock te decomposed, of a act as interpreters. Those boys art quick, active, iotelii which aaa of the you-^goallsaaen played very creditably ing Market, to that section of the city.Snmm\\giTmZ±-m--*~>'«'tote California LOOT readersfail to wipe their eyes at the end of their sermons, and console themselves wtth allthe solaces that a luxurious aviiuation, the fruit of this vary tow that they pretend to deplore, affords tham. The Indians in California are a for notenuisance,acryingevil. Bemoved,aswein Utein- teriorare,fromthesceneoftheircrueltiessad depreda- tions, we are too apt to forget the natural thirst for re-beautiful yawl boat, built for Commodore Popoff, in NY coiaieffski, onthe Amoor river. It te from aa American model, of native wood, and as neat a piece of workman ship as otto would wteh to took a tJ a p a n a n d t h e J aRev. J. R. Gobal. an accredited miasionsry Croat theAmerican Beard of Foreign Mtouons, delivered a lectureweighed twenty eight pounds.A Xxw SraaaBOAT.—The California Steam Navigate ** Company have upon the stocks sad rapidly advaneir f toward completion, the largest ttoamboat over built o. » thePacificcoast Sheiadeclared,byshipwrightsandex- porien-edIshipmasters, to besuperiortothebeatofthe New York tteamsn to point of strength aad perfection of finkh. Her knees, beams, earltoes, breastworks, wales, 4c, are fitted as ateery as enbiaet work. This fine boat te intended for the trade between tins city and Sacramen- to, aad ber dimensions are ss follow—Length of keel, fiii feet, length over all, $6$ foot; breadth of beam. 40 feet; breadth from outsidetooutsideofguards. 70feet. Her engines and machinery are betog built in Newwhite to make the » tsaicohuion new fans u 9psn»h Bank of Hat nam, if it continues aa U asttmteraeatewthe tpursuedwithm atetost110swallow upthe tt tal abating f— totbtgeaedinmof abi s'crty.andto •harddoiiblooni.dott, iraandThe bank hasafter e-1 to tend Mto$;te©,«eo for tweive 1 a.mtite wMhwat hWbnM.- The direc- tor- agreeing to p a y the tt*ssss-Majl-tog)whab- privatetai sat sboula "*" todoao.'to the 20th of Decemberprist of yesterday, saws tlheCahforay, of Virginia Gay, after sosae tix I, have struck the stam aUver toad fifty foot the surface The ore discovered prran ant to rivaltest-arod color a n d psataaat t h e appearance o f haivng been byintenseheat. Tanoompanyhavesunka rty feet deep. The quality of e depth of theshaft We havegent, and beyond question a s canabie.of receiving inatcuc turnasanyotherchildrenwhatever.Wine and aegars abounded in profusion, a a d more agree ablesocietywehavenotfoundourselveshifora toag time. There was no restraint beyond what gentlemanly courtesy demanded, and a constant desire on thepart of our boats to make their visiters perfect!v athome. Thereupon 4' latfaott.• * drock anproves w * hntDIABS OF CAUPaSXTA.iFrom the Sscramanto Jtomocratic Standard, Dec.17.}fauna graamtCrn.iaam—Thewell known California pioneer, Mr. Graham ( a u t a aaa Franatoo paper) tt to town, from hie ranch to Santa Cruz county, wtth a quanti- ty of quartx specimens, in which there are aWlencee of- *» Cnton.••UVA»A ooaMmnxBOKcx.that necessarily toads to an "irrepressible conflict- be- in theright orwho te in thewrong. There isao rightlast month in San Francisco, Cal., from which we takeA man who has hern for some years dotog batten** to this tofte sett home to ConnecUent for his aged mother aad lrtate daagbtcr to escne a a hers. A t th e same time ateasjMMtoMWljadsBWt* requested to purchase firstrh* Ckrtmmg ami Skew Breach a/ Promme Cam—Death Of Ae Collector af the .Port— Scramble for the Qfke—Riwer Stmt, ax.,Ac. In ttoe toi*oawa breach of nrotntoa ease (Oarstangtortheircomfort aathepassage. Theagentemployeda brother of theold tody to boythe tickets in Hew York: he paid the fare that should have secured a full stateroom..aad afhte.through certain tracts o f land and ranches whereby ttieostium* thereof would beenriched atthe additionalexThenextmoveofthesetendmonopol-stewastopro vide some meaas by which the State could be roped in toiioodborvwe. Seme-iiauieaxestorboaraugwerestrong, wellmadeandkeptingoodorder Arealcuriositywtsa Colt's MWetver. of.Russian manufacture—the famous Yan-of rock, sparkling wtth gold,fromtotsclaim Ifwhatmesawbea(asrsample, Wayittt,perhapswedonotknow,or,knowing,wedo steamers have come orsr fromHakodadi in thirty-six silver. Someofthese he hashadassayed by Messrs.Htvaaa, Jan 6. lags.a n d P&tr%u- •Afnea— A t Jfm• one ofthe richest claims in the county —'laltformta not care toexplam. bat the fact te tasgaatttotmbte, that dsys. under tail, steam having been used only about Wass, TJ-may ftCo ,of this city, which shows a yield sf with all our improvements in the mechanteal arts, there seven hours after leaving the port. They baraed Japanese twelve ounces of silver aad three ounces of «aW to tho*Recently, new aad extensive placers have bean dis- m the -rictotty of Gasburg (Soathern Oregon), which prospect quite equal to the richest gold names inno*.er was a period when the moral perco-attons were so coal, which was found next to worthless. We taw some tea—the former valued at $15 TO.aad the Uttte. •athOBSl—perverted. We have lost ail traces efmanhood, ail specimensofthis. Ittefate,crumbleseasv,anlatterget- total,$7801tethe ton. Thespecimens which'> *e have •battpiiatotot,« 6r.•sore remote toostoaai has gathered there, te on- tomining operations. The rashhas beensogreat, be prospects *o nattertog, that the whole stock ofpose themselves to theprogress of civilisation, they mast beremoved,sadperhapsthespeediestmodeof disposing ofthemisthebeat Thisisagreatlawornature, whichwhich these steamers fly is rather a handsome ptoee of bunting—awhitegroundwithablue cross ittealsova- ried with blue and red crosses, to salt different ranks ofley, and he believes hte silver mine to be the mot v<valu- ableofthetwo.J*Nuirad to purchase them for ship. •*, afew days since,declared adtvi- 1 « r t on the btttlaeaa of the teat mxmarks of thesturdy common sense that used to distin- ting wet seems to break into small bate, as if dtesotvmg. •sen exhibit thesilver in the quartz ptetoly to \ "tow. The guisb Mm AngloJtoxon race. W e are overrun with an af An illustration of the speed of these steamers is had tn toe old man considers that he has hit upon a forttu. a at teas. t'ected sentimentoitty, a flnical j-aulantbropy. it is '-lo fact that they ran 1,278 mites in the first twelve days. Be says he discovered the vein twenty-two *. wars agoThe Spanish Bcounts far the w e•nkofBaTtta nAaiu>An ^ 0the country The whole neighborhood is throws into the poor Indian ' "lo'the poor negro"" and next It will They bare bean kept ia constant mttim for the last nine when -ret-xrntog to seek a tomahawk ptpawhtoh be had $187,478 08. and t*^^^»^«lt.ftouteenmnl-»T ° ^ » * » he remeatoered,tetb,rery efop of sugars are soon -opected *aMerabtoexcitementwiththegoodBOWSofthesedia be»k>:thepoorgnzxiybear,thefoxandthecoyote!" teenmonths.AfleethasalreadyarrivedatJapantotake leftonahillockonhisranch,butthtlhehadno Wasof and already an unusual •amber of persons Wherever the inferior animals or the inferior races op- the place of the returning one. The Russian national flag its value uatil the recent discoveries in the Waaht * v*l-timewhenthenee town and money a meat, toe. Thebadeadof fifteen amto the hands of the tiasburg has been enforced from the earliest period of the world's commanders. In the bows there te a battery flag—red. aUaaoTH Oaaooir Fsrrr.—The Albany Oeatoersx , Ore months, drvldtog at t hundred thousand deUara among itgbrought ap by the eager operators, historytoUvpresentday, andalthough canting hypo with a atae cross. TheAdmiralabroadp—"""'':te a gun)chroniclessomemammothapplesoftheftortan attda and a heavy additional draft was made upon houses in critee. like Mr. Henry Ward Beecher, may whine over white flag wtth a bine cross, with blue, red aad white variety, said to be seedlings. The principal apecten ***ahaareboiders,eatc *°mmaA nine ton cents (tear proftm balance goes to thef the•even hundred'and forty feorJacksonvilleThe smwtoaaa of gold placers about Gasbarg has beenyears, batthey werenot warrant the outlay of the necessary sapply of wa- re-wotdevelopemants aad already eaoagh te ready to engage tothe wrongs and misfortunes of their inferiors, they do not streamem Among other interesting matters we noticed a weighed two aad a half pounds each: twelve of th omafirad a a d obtained --Best.t w o dollars d t n n r that It would bethirtv nerm,*action of a good di'.ch venge that springs from the butchery of a retetive or the Hitherto, we learn murder of a friend. Evan the depredations upon the prevented the building stock and cattle of the farmer, upon whtoa ho te de- of a ditch. Farmers aad mill owasrs tn that section, pendent tor hte subsistence, creates a degree af irritationithat from the far famed u^tor toad. Tne effect whose tends aad whose mills are •uputlsi from Apptogatecreek,andwhopossetoprior right to Mtowater,feared tweentheraces, ittenotworthwhitetotoqabrewhois thefollowing:—that orrerstoa o f t h e stream b y the mtoars wautd almostenurely exclude them from the benefit of it, aad ttttrefore and wroag about the matter. The Indian te a savage, Alluding to the divine injunction that theGospel should York, snd will be here by the time the vessel will be e. aad, aad ttitre asn aasw : sr stgtol aaw fitting got mtons, aad coeaeqaeaUy obtos- least expense to humanity r W« answer, by promptly Conamodore's Perry't Japan Expedition, andto a personalBrtoataic Majesty a bean in theeoaauat«"*rtoary'—• laglaad, them-formerfy matnUtned have beenwlthdrawa. Steps separatingtheraces,orsubjectingtooinferiortothewill are betog takes to bring to a ditch of saitable capacity. and control of the superior.narrativeofveryengaging interestenchainedtheatten-tion of h a hearers for upwards of an hour. Pssatogtrom geles, a sweet potatoe has beea raised thebeautifulsceneryanddelightfulclimateof•-*•*-*- thi* pounds. Thte te the largest size known Aeighteen cctrci formalrtoStaaat- the vaiteys lytag between that atopa aad Cnrson aad a»ch ctfe-tmas-mesotaane etcstes should be committed Japanese bate large libraries Tney areaoquatoted with including bonds, Controller'sktosnyore Walker'srivers,aadtothevolcaniclafteaa beyond,oc•discovery earringalsoattotarralsalltitswayaaroat"thePlains." iaf oar va* 1Urtow*r^a t\f Sa**u:a ^asaJll bft'etaru-k^Bbh^aiena tetter j'a^t^-aaMd^evaa*' attoaaaaraja'ram I •mCQ TUT*JnBtsWstor* A l U iWkmWlaaa iiss-ptmsafi••asasl•fJH$MM J t T a S t hI86U Havaaat J * *•and MsMtoy for tAe Tiwab-rOerear,,late stoareaaaaat while bos Uttte of the water tt aaf tstoIn the. mechanical arts profiuensf beyond i have cclipaed themSaleqf <kttnepat at Usej.J.Oshbhwfii atfabaiof, sad ar ** sgeat, as derate*has been ate*, -f Afrlte.w-tttt-societyof the Japaaese are among the first aaMmiomai a sf the world..The sciences are well understood also,aad some(he purposes far which w e seek •rood a n d even metalsey make trunks,tobaccoboxes,a a d scabbards far tham beautifuUyaaa a b J aWwiU«*rebaMxapwar«wberc, nader Span a h color*. Webarehadseveralcar—Untitled Document :,>oli£*. -u »:tbftaii..i:og theirgooii ajathesand kighsttuidmg. Tho uponhi*bride as her portion. Thispaperismatefrom toranaborasexpresshetaventhosetwopoints,carrying far cruMers atosat !??•«ttoes. They believe to transmigration, that all existencecommenceshimanrmatematter,rtetagmtoconscious,intettectuai andspiritual existence towards death, and theircreed, altogether, embraces a sort of UnverssJtom, b ywhich every one will finally reach heaven: butthe wick-,ed have to pass through many Nanarnlgtalkini befor.e-ibey arefitted for theblessed abode, aad before they c an.reachsupremehappiness. They have alsoa means ofsalvation by self-sacrifices—by impaling themselves« to •ower, tbotmh trtenanboat srrrvato a n d departures atonementfortheirstes. Thelecturerhatwitnes*M apantosmihttaaaaaaaat, when some twentyJapdressed in white, and uttering their penitence, proto the top ofa mountain sad cast ilissaailiss ban-die> • aprecipice,upthefaceofwhich theyhadatemodbymeans of iron pins fastened to the solid rock tn s job manner as to enable them te make the ascent. Ther « M asm u&iiNtVM*another mode, by which, in their belief, the / will at- <k»aalr«a6Jle iadignafilott aaa been expressed oto tain eternal life, and that te by asset stototg an account o { thestricinrw** ofthe Poatmaster GeneralofthereadfromtheretoStocktonwfeemightfcetanintorest in this great work; and when they discovered—as itmaybesupposedtheydidnotwhenthey were rushingtheir fifteen million amendment—that before the Statecouldassumeanyliabilitylikethatoafcad for,theques-tion mast be cabmttted to a vote of the people Before are much the same as oars; bat the consonants are so con not absolutely n o eeantry. V the 1 cannot go to this matter was brought to the consideration of the coat, ttocted that vowels are not necessary to legibility The trial I am wiltmg > JOpostpone it till spring but not UU the ^ mittee, there aould be no other than the central route arrangement of the language is very philosophical. They 8t-tnmer mot-ths.thought of for a moment butnow the people of the Southmutt be conciliated, or they could not count on their votestoamendtheconstitutionsoastoenable theSlatetolendber aad ta the conatruction of this rood forthe benefit of tended for foreigners to acquire readily, one that is more atony at Charles* m, 6 C . tt progres under a de<"borneno system of rates which are inapplicable in Bine •canesout of tea, aa to our tens-nags-, theirs are vary tew satdsampto. Itseemsthatthelanguage Is wapeeteHy in-Major w right— be very impolitic i Wesrereadyanpie wore transported from the northern part of th* Stateto Baa PMa*atoao, where they remained three days on San JOBS and Stockton. easily acquired than aay other in the world, it bean a" issued to the defe adaat on-te-*tna s-rorttton of law ^ o wat the foot of Stockton street The availed themselves o f t h e oppertuBityclose resemblance to t h e Hebrew language, a a d h a s tng the opposite j Mtfrytont rtoht, antte famuter * ,aaghtcasoo the Indian* were sent to the Mendocino reservation by see. twovessels having beea chartered for the pur-The following account of their appearance is taken aan-aaa A tot GmhifimiaThey a r e araatly young persons there betog only sixthe case was eat rant that w e con our opponents, s of it, aad then i-ustedte toresjn lawyers, who w 1Tvit Id go on under the same comnd take testimony. They wernet with natslsiirr frora theAfter a few days sojouro in torn FranJ l a s - o f - W s r WOT tent s s d marks of considerable cultivation. R-rndawA large number of the citizens of San Francisco visitedthe twa Busman steam corvettes now lying in that portThey were received wtth great kindness by the officers,snd every attention shown. The Ryndaistoe flagship, by the bad faith, of the Portuguese, whose sstestonaries who insisted tha t they had a right to close - JOA«at and bears the broad pennant of Commodore Pofofi*, late had. after making many converts, conspired to overthrow from the benefit i of the cornimaston. Th,« - nagi-arai* commaading on the Bnaston Pacific station. The whole the government. A civil war ensued, which resulted in fore whom thefleet si ordered home via Sen Francisco. Honolulu and New York, and thence to Cronatadt. The following are the naaanr -f the officers:—The Bynda, Captain Anderoff. Lieutenant - Novosiisky, Nakimtoff, Avinofi. Poliaski and Balk, ttoe has 14 -dnarrs and163 men. and carries 10T h eThe lecturer then spoke of the great commerce af Japan three hundred years ago, and bow it bad been destroyedofficers and 163 saaa. The two steamers belong to a fleetconsiettK of fourteen, which were built in St. Petersburgduring tit; Crimean war. They were p a t together c o mplete. aad ready for sea service tn seven months, daring Dow, Ja.—In speaking of the death of E. G. Paige Judge—Well. I'll hear from the other sidel.c+-Angeles,galls..3.TL000 Alameda,galls 1,000BinPOTATOE.-QCthefarmof0.W.Childs inLosAn-373.620f•aoMr Sbepleigh only Neither of the Judge—Gentlemei what disposition do you propose to Major Wngnt—/* i Behalf of ttie ptototiff, I beg leave ttover ifit iaj * , * *Honor. (Judge Beber nodded assent). It appe ^our commisBkin this city, though he paid half the expense of her edu- ficate at our e xpense, I M resisted tin- closuif of our torii the ptemtiff hers j r , B ne-ocsssrMajor Wright —Yea, and it v ^jll beworse than ever the next trial.Jtatthe fa. n be thongni tse not ae b<*state-f atthem oarre-jt. but theii. w a s ',0 g e t mavatence under ourcattt.•«Jterthefirte^ilondlTaMarchapse-atotion^ ^tpeaittoos o n thmrnss^rfca-sja fibs atatoof Africa for this A i-joK-iime tied PhiThomas M. Tryniskijp Js-rty, whoA atwork *JjfiunFulton New York 13069/ >w-rj-tT!-* b-«j m-tBagwment -or bis superiorcrop, then, matourtif oic-instaaiauiiuofmoney,aaiHuiuts with ttie new or -Pi Cp»c-d.i^iri -r-roodThe st-tptaart In which ten Jspunese excel. The lecturer hadset-u swordi cf finer polish,ofmorewww.fultonhistory.comfhati..i<l309South 4thStreet 