 «•^^maxmKt^KKti^'•,soul enough in it to resuscitate a.dead man."—The Baltimore Patriot of the 22d mist, has the fol-then, as the train moved on, we left them amid suchcheers as I shall never fo-get. France, the. political newspaper was an ex itic of" A t Dover, N. H., I received a like reception, and stunted growth, but the contrary was the case with the worthy Mayor very kindly attended me over to literary papers. In 1672 sprang up Le Mercnre.X/•am.W . W . HKOXMAN will speakAiH»TI«SD......................l,>n^»7,Oct.26. _, AtSUnerUgo, UUt*i Co.., S»fc)xd»y, Oct. 27.Tfce Hon. JOHN T. HOCKBOOM wiR speakA* Fuvrwn, N. J • fVedB&kg, Oct. 31. _KDXURD J. PORTER will speakA&Toeftaboe, W«rtch««t« Co..Friday «v*, Oct 26.Wbe Hon. J. C. U.VDSRWOOD will speakAt Porteli* *t*T . Jrridvr©ve., Oct. 26.POLITICS IK KENTUCKY , t w n q «—ae» *t ThmML T. TrPww.LOUISVILLE. Oct. 19,1860.this able speech, the Hon. James H. Campb:ll of Penn i's warning linger upon thes« madman, and give them h.as bad children at the schools of Boston, and Ci^a- syiViania was introduced... A synopsis of his speech • a foretaste of the disaster they would so thoughtlessly bridge when.there were colored children in the samewill act. be attempted.. It hid a telliog effect. •a*wdownupontheirownneighborsandcoiur.ry»«»x).His arguments were good, aud just suited th-' Here steps in, iu good time, the controling power of sctooJpl This proves, according »the Democratic or-did the old man drink 1" a spade," for it is to these useful implements that the J—An Arkansas father, sending his aon.forth to a great discoveries of the present century are owing, atef the splendor with, which the morn was ushered, trat because of the increased brightness of the hopes which inspired the Republicans, aud the omens of an ultimate good fortune; and if the occasion eventuates in nothing else, it has proved iuebntestably that free-epeechisadmissible«sreninthemostSouthernCountyof Delaware, thatnso man's right to freedom of utter-the State Superinteadency, will be elected triumphantly. Believmg with you that the eves of the Fusion nagstruggle ? And now, haik ! how in the Old World thepleted in the course of 1861.^SSBML B.wsmWIMJ Wll!«.M'W.keep Abe Lincoln out of the White House by the "cry'.srf "Disunion," many o^ us joined in, and, for the sake Your correspondent has heard speakers discuss the a< -«ff appearances,we talked about getting Gov. Magoffin ro question in the North, but never with more fro- ft* ealla special session of the Legislature if our tran-i- fom, and at the same time, with more tact, than it was Ohi© neighbors did not vote right. But the tide of tr< ated on.that occasion.contrary fact both brings the people at lirge to a stand of reflection and reconsideration, and as palls the revolu-- —We fear that the Bell and Everett party have 8poktn of in the following paragraph from The Pe-—On Thursday afternoon Lady Franklin visited the Woman's Library in the University Building.—Ralph Farnbam, the veteran of Banker Hil', who has recently visited Boston, causes the following letterto be written to tbe papers of tbat city: «. " ACTON. Me., Oct:. 23, 18*30.pepolar opinkn is too strong, and we and our beat way will be to turn round aud be borne along with it. I am particularly anxious to put myself on good terms withrie " coming man," that I may get an office from him; •ad this is my point of honor—ihat I am a convert, on ptiaeiple, before November 6, and not after it. I give*p the wool-humbug promptly and squarely.To* cannot conceive what a singular elfect the Penn- sylvania, and Indiana elections had ou us, We met *«*.other m the streets, and said, '*J&w do you do ?"*'**Pretty weB{ t thank you; how are you ?" and pasicd en. Not a word about the elections! At noon, we iegaai to recover a httle—fel^ better, seeing that the »*n shone as uauaL For a moment, we thought the ends had come; for the sound of a mufhed drum was beard, and a military company was seen marchingjogkt northward through the streets of Louisville. Seme said it was "very proper to muffle the drum, for, after all, the Union had been a good thing, and it was at right down pity'f destroy it; but they didn't seeWwitwas to be helped now." Straight on to the fcwy-boat marched the soldiers, and, sure enough, they were steering forladiana. That was a dreadful minute. It was very appropriate for the stars and fttripes to be wreathed with black crape. W e thoagbt itwasagonecasdwiththeNorth,whenaboyshouted to his follow, " 0, Sum, they ain't goiag to smash the XJni^n at all; they're only goiDg to bury GovernorEvery section of. the country, we are told, was rep-reeentea at the meeting, which promises to modify theexisting feelirg to such an extent and to infuse n e vvigor and activi'y into the cause already healthy aidgrowing. Sussex County, four years ago, gave onerote for Fremont. Now, those beBt conversaut withher politics declare that there has not been a day-within the Jast month iu which she was pot reliable forfive hundred votes for Lincoln. Is not that a change ?In view of certain developments, it need not be sur-prising if thftp* y6 a i';rge accession to this number be-.Cre tne coming election. The meeting yesterday con-vinced many unbiassed persons, who were-unable todefine their exact positions before, that the devil wasnotaB black as he had been painted; that the Republi-can party-was not as obnoxious as it had been repre-sented by its enemies. The doctrines enunciated bythe platform were f«rly and squarely stated, and thosewho had not previously been posted had the candor toadmit that there was nothing objectionable in taem, sofar as they could judge. Much of the silly prejudiceagainst the body was removed, and just aud correctviews substituted. We heard many reoaarking the prognostics of Odober be falsified by the realities our city, and the age in which we live. -The records " After leaving Great Falls I was received with 1,782 volnmee, in 12mo. and 8voi It is needless toWiDard over at New-Albany." Then we breathed fcults. You will observe that this party—new in Dela-better again, but the horrid reality oppressed ua. ware—has some latent designs on the State.. Though there are IVw sanguine enough to believe that LincolnLooked up at the sky, ard there, in great staring can by any possibility receive the electoral vote of the letters, was the word " Lincolu," and, singularly State, still none quesi'ion the fact that he will be sup- enough, the first syllable was over Kentucky, and ported most handsomely at the ensuing election; and the second over Indiana. It soon occurred to us there are Democrats who assert that the contest iu the State is between Breckinridge and Old Abe. This is.a however, that Old Abe was born in Keatucky, and candid admission, and would be an unbounded source that explained it. Still, we felt bad, and looked about of comfcrt to the followers of the latter, if they could"Union and.the Constitutton, and the enforcement ofthe laws," it is passing s range that they cannot be per-mitted to enjoy their "constitutional" right,peaceablyto assemble. This act of vandalism will be like Hudi- so many favors. I ought eapeiially to mention Mrs. bras'8 gun, and increase the vote of Mr.. Lincoln on the W. Farnbam Lee, and the company of Lancers, andSue the sign of X>upont> Artesian Well, thinking a glase of snip: ur scented water would be useful to'the vtxreB. Every eign we looked at was wrong. Tneletters reemed to be dancing jiga and cotillions, and when they settled off into their places, they spelled ** L i n c o l n . " T r i e d t o m a k e ' e m s p e l l B r e c k i n r i d g e , o r BeDj or Dry-Goods, but they wouldn't. Newsboysonly be persuaded of its truth.OLD SUFFOLK.Corre»ponrfenc« ol The N. Y. Tribune." We have seen a private letter writ'en by a distin- down in the day time, but rise at 5 and retire at 7, and andj BO overwhelming, ' as to leave no doubt or guished gentleman residiog in Oglethorpe County, toHUNTINGTON, L. I., Oct. 2K, 1860. Though we were disappointed in not haviDg Senator W i l s o n w i t h u s o n t h e 1 9 t h , w e n e v e r t h e l e s s h a d a n excellent Republican rally, which was addressed in looked melancholy. Large stock of papers left on the afternoon by GEO. G. BELLOWS, esq., and in thehope of change. It ought how to be settled forever, a gentleman of high standing in a neighboring county, tbis I continue Summer and Winter. I have always .that! this nation, as a nation, is in favor of Free States from which we take the following sentiment uttered been temperate, and for over thirty years past I have and: of free institutions, and of no other, and that by Senator Toombs. We are not at liberty to give not tastea a drop of spirituous liquors, or. even cider. the! mad progress of Slavery-Extension must l>e the names of the parties, but, if denied, they can be I was never sicx in my.life, ao aa to require the attend-country, which not only professes to be, but really hfree. The lion ww bearded iuhisden,but without tbecropsofthecurrencyear, has been somewhatin-any detriment to those who were s>rash as to expose icreased, fir a time, by apprehension. The N. Y. themselves to the natural weapons of this usually Htrald—ihaX Mepbiatopbiles of the prase—(and yetshamefaced lor having been BO slow and so late in the with terror, but able to point significantly to a green Murray and the Longmans. The modus operandi ofof the day, some live Republican speakers would "..„ ,.«-,w^, ~— ..~r- -• -- -,— -.-bes,I•».»..-been attracted by the novelty of the occasion, and gave countenance by their presence, to its oojec'a.were made by Mr. L. H. Miller of. New-York, and Mr. J. S. Applegate of Red Bank.yorrr mau in the face, and when thaVs the case there's no fun in tbe game; it's a regular 'cut-throat/ So now. Bob, farewell; remember wot I tall you, and you'll be sure to win, and if you don t, sarves you right"'Well, if you call those doctrines Republican, we are with you." The misrepresentations which formerly had been so potent in influencing politics had failed, and reason resomed her sway. The fear of beiog marked as Abolitionists deterred no one from revolving the subject in his mind and declaring himself in favor of Republican .principles.-,of November 1 Shall money arrest the tide of the free were mutilated, and the contents of the iakstande, hearty cheers all the way along, until I arrived atthought and free action of a free people ? The neces- emptied thereon. A number of the photographs of Mr. Acton. I told them, when I got home, that ' I had add that copies are scarce. The first dairy politicalsity of interposing so base a motive suggests bo ih the Lincoln were torn into shreds, and the United States seen the elephant,' ,and was very gUd to get back. paper in Paris was the Journal de Paris or Porte du,'this was his maiden Republican speech. The tergiver-sationsofthearch-agitator,Douglas,wereshownupby Mr. H. in a masterly manner. He ought to bethoa|e, then, who de?ire peace at any price, and tho3e whowouldrathersacrificeprinciplethantheirown easd or interest, know this to be their true course of actijbn in the present junctuie. Those who have hadgood word for the/much-abused countenance of Lincoln. Hetays:" Tbis letter, which nits^vandson has written at my mended tie Bibliographic Japonaise of Mr. Leou- ....II' $mSK*s>'^Mry-.rnxmrnm.11 imi•-I •,...•...,..- -. v ....5fifti, ' . i - . ^ , ^ . . i .*^..-v..^A*n>^vrt.v: •'''••••. .„:„,..;,.•••!^ •SET- ' ->y,.. ii>Mirt)'H'<\».',4^<'••'•• \NEW YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY; OCTOBER 26, 1860.' • ' . •••'••',, ,•'.•• •>.POLITICAL INTELLIGENCE. nu»iitcr of tl4vc9> was aurid much acclimation, caT d , v " vna* fearfn? and timid say: we d"> not believe that I before the Pennsylvania ekcion, bet it on the result imposeibility, bu he realty did wish te see a Httle suu Hunt% new edition of Dr. Ure's " Dictionary of ArtsTHE CANVASS IN NEW-YORK. ^MWAKT L. WOODFORJD woDspeakAt 8e2>«B*ctttfy. AtGlenrfll© Coro-m Jttltoturd&naMo»J«jr, Oct. 2a TOM4*J, Oct 30. We«hnm)»y> Get- M.in Delaware, then arcs* acd introduced to th.3 audience thbt danger is apprehended. It ie not diauoion that li port, N. J., on the 22d inet. Robert Voorheee, re><lfi waiter to pour me cut a glass of water from a kirsch atd a new scientific book for young people, 'Tu« the Hon. Edward Joy Morris of Philadelphia, win, by feand. but the attempt alt disunion,'. With the.leas*. decanter, which you will keep for my private use, aud Laboratory of Chymical Wonders," by S^ptinjui his spiriwd talk, held his audience for mora than an encouragement to exoect success, some suppose that and Mr. Beasely were the speaker?. There are eigb yhour. The fraque&t applause was the best evidence ban^s of reckless and t><sjionate "precipitators" woaw Wide-Awakes ai Keyport, and fifty' at Middletowri credit my account with each of these glasses which Preese. \that hie oratory was appreciated. He threw soaie hot ilocfc to the revolutionary standard of. 'r Bob Toombs, you are paid for, and which I drink only in effigy/ -«hot,whichhitthemark. A'lspokeofhimasapow- andseektorealizetbfldisorderedravingsofhisreck- Point,intbevicinity. Tbrfemonthsafterward M&itainvilledidnotowea —Antiquariesofthepresentdaymaywellec'aothe erful exponent of the cause. After the conclusion of less tongue. It is well, then tbat " panic" should. Hy —The Constitution attacks Mr. Evarett because he centime to the cafe, but how many decanters of water song of Shakespeare's Clown,' A pickaxe aad a tpa^e,to TJ3«» cha.r, i%ni presided with much d^g<»i*y. A 1 i.r:j'-) disunion will be effected; t'lat would reoniTe a vote to thew, and also bad to go penhiless to his residence. Vonaccount' making his appefcraaee ia the til, Mar-locality and circumstances. Both of thees speakers the material internets of society, and calla for peace.were bold and fearless, and uttered jast such Suppose the call is disobeyed—that ungovernable spirit^sentiments as one might expect ' to heir in a neisisfc in endangering ihe peace and prosperity olschemingworld,likePolonioefortifiedMmwithad. vicf. Those who know, the' game of Euchre will appreciate the humor of the sermon:Nineveh, Babylon,Memphis, aud Etturiateitify. 'rh« last conquests from " dumb oblivion," as the vestige* of Phoenician civilization disclosed at Carthage, through,Northern State, and which it has been considarcd l>y some, rather hazardous to express in a slave-bolliu u region; they spoke the truth, which is sometimes un—A correBpondent at Bedford, Westchester Conny,The Republicans hold a mass meeting hereto-day,atdoneatDoverto-morrow. Additionally,district. ofLibertyandHumanRights,tobringherback;omeetings are being held throughout the State, and'the forces are being thoroughly organized. The movement is' fully inaugurated, and promises some fruitful ra-the fprpotten Bouvenirs of '76 That will encourageand enable.her to shake off,:he palsying influence ofher social despotism, and to tread under her feet th>seabsurd and hateful dogmas: that Slavery is cosqnulwith Freedom; that Slave Labor ia the natural fouuda-tionlof Society; and that the slave aystem ought there-foreltobe built up and extended everywhere. Gonemad! with vicious education on' these subjects, andblinded by the self-imposed ignorance of intoleranceand I exclusiveness—these are the singular propositionssfce ha8 allowed herself to offer for the decision of theNation—a-Nation claimiDgto be the freest in the. world.What that dtcision will be is now, to all huir/an fore-siglit, certain. But it is all-important now that talk of Senator Toombs: thisi decision should be so earnest, so general,gan, that Mr. Everett is in favor of negro equality, amalgamation, &c.^eriv citizen of the South, with no more oocaj^ion nt- ^r own passions have j informs us that Henry Wilson of Massachusetts and" Bob, you are about leaving home for strange parts. the recent researches defrayed bythe British Trea*irythe imaginary vyaogs which theirYou're goir.g to throw me.out "of the game, and go it alone. The odds ia against you, Bob, but remember always that industry and perseverance are the-winningthe material products:of which, in the shape sealeryarid architectural fragments, motaics, &c. have ar/ived*conjnito up. Wticre wou'd restth^e blame .'^ Stu-rtly G. G. Bellows, esq., addressed a nieetbg of someexistence at the North of a public opinion iu favor ofSlavery, and sympathetic with its present struggles fornational recognition. The proof of such a Northei'asentiment would both encourage the insatiable demandsof Slavery, and justify to the South the most extreme been too laggard iu securing the very powerful aid to get skunked!" action in case of defeat; while the appearance of thestreet factory in four days, in. repayment of some an- cient grudge.—The earliest French newspaper dates from the* year 1631, when Reniaudet began printing a weekly journal, under the patronage of Cardinal Richslieu, in substitution for. the previous MS. News Latter* which were the only medium' for the re lord ofpasting events, under tbe title of Gazelle de France; it continued to 1789, formirg 161 volumes. Advertise- ments were taken av. the rate of &sou per line for thirty lines, and ssv« n sons for any over that number. Thitionists by the immense resistance with whica theyfixd ;;*'.;'" The eloquent appeal to the ladies at'tbe conclusionthemBtlves confronted. It would, indeed, hardly-saem possible that rational meD, even of the Sjduth, eho-ild venture upon such'ultra'Pro Slavery ground as that of 1860J without the expectation that tne efforts of such Northern supporters as 0"Conor, Bradyj>Wood, and" others, had succeeded in changing the oonvictions ofof the speech, we find was not made in vain, but that the glowing, patriotic sentiments of Mr. Botts still thrill them, at a urge them to the discharge of their du- ty in the impending crieis.*'the Northern people uppnthe^main question. Now the-developments of the ballot-box scatter air thesefond ^llaeionf; and a" froward class, bent upon the prop-agation of their own pert theories, may well quail, asthey SnoSv do, before the unexpected vigor of the con-demnation with which th5y are received. The moreunanimous that condemnation, the better for them, for lowing: ,-."'" I will give you a brief account of my journey home. London Gazette', still continued as the Governmsnt When we arrived at La wrence there was a large crowdimpossibility and the undesirablenesB of its success. Noll Let the tide go on. .For. the interest of the South herself, let that tide rise to itB fait. Groaning nowjunder an Austrian oppression of thought, speech, and Action, she waits the genuine, heartfelt pronuncia- mieqto of the Nation in favor of the old watchwordsflag, bearing the names of Lincoln and Hamlin, seems " I am in good health, and my friends think I am Seir, commenced iu 1777, 75 years after tbe first to have been specially odious, as it was taken from the better than when I started on my journey. I am sure ! London daily newspaper, Tlte Daily Cottrant, ofheard elsewhere. Mr. Scudd?r, who made the closingepeech, is a native of this region, and one of our most so long the (juadrenLial Union ague may now finally much abused except Mr. Lincoln. He has been abusedactive friends. We mean to have at least one more public gathering, and hope to have G. W. Curtis to address us. 'We have just organized a Town Republican Associa- tion, which we intend to make a permanent institution. If we can bring out (as wc shall use every effort to) all who are opposed to.Sham Democracy, we shall add a creditable traction to the volume of thunder which is to forever crack the fusion tympaoiumB on the 7th of November. •—The general tone of the publishing tradd is buoyant tleman is publishing a translation, amended and en-in England, and with the returning Winter all indica- larged, of the "Grammar of the Japanese Language,"MiLJroKD, Delaware, Oct. 17, i860.• new era was inaugurated iu Old Sojsex, yester- people's nominee, the Hon. Wm. Nicoll (brother in law ful < f tbat foretold final gathering of the clans of des- tenance, and ie an-intellectual gentleman."who would be behind his day 1. Is the world unmind- a handsome roan I admit, but has an intellectual coun- day. It was an eventful day—a harbinger of a polia- of ex-Speaker Ludlow), who has consented to a reoom- potism, in all its forma, leagued against the fair spiritFor County School Commissioner we go in for aman, the western and eastern Colossi of literary Lon-don, who sway the metropolitan publishing trade withdivided rule, hold their annual sales in the present Roman letters It will form an elegant volume in im- month, and at them, offer the books that have been got perial octavo of from 800 to 1,000 pages, aud be com- ready during the recess, and^ also give intimation offuiure novelties likely to appear before the end of the«al condition that mutt ensue sooner or later. It was ina ion against the trade-candidate of the Douglas'B^- of Liberty ? Have rot careful interpreters laid finger sJeo a bright and an au^icious day, not only bacauae Everette. Mr. N • >!1, who its eminently fit for evien upon this very decade as the period of that closingPERSONAL.are "sot.I am, yours truly, FROM GEORGIA.C D . G. Igeon floors as they fall from the uprising form of re-— D r .Rimbault, themusicalantiquarian, ha*Orretpondwsce of The N. Y. TrJbnne.despotic Russia, from a whole people freed from social to Cbicago, where she has received several sharp let- t gather, offering their books in this manner, except just published a book that has attractions, be- serfdom ! Thus rapidly, and ^uiotly, and peacefully, ters from him. On Tuesday afternoon the clerks in Mr. H G Bohn, whose immense stock enables him to yond the profession more immediately concerned-ferocious animal: not a tooth was exhibited iu rage; taken to the bosom counsels of the Southern people, To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.l i e natural dispoeitirn has been m-tHgned; he was while o^her and honest sources of information are ban- SIR: I obeerved several days since a report- iu the- Jtfurmkas and quistcent throughout the stay of the in- ished as incendiary !) makes haste to do its cuotomary daily papers of the proceedings of what is claimed tothe first Republican County meeting ever held in Sas- jex. convened yesterday and passed off quietly, and without any hostile demonstrations.Handbills posted in the most conspicuous places of theconntv, for a few d*ys prior to the meeting, had AanonDced that a grand Republican rally would take place in Georgetown on the 16th iost, and, as a noveltyof " panic" failures to begin and exaggerate the alarm.(fjequently the head of the firm or'hie confidential assistant) for a number of copies of books that will tax to the utmosf hie distributing facilities to get ridZtaftrivg to ascertain the tone of public sentiment in. money. Some base slight hopes upon these. Bnt the their legitimate avecauon juat before an important tims of tbe Lake Michigan disaster, and the editor of that county from personal observation, an early hour general impression is t&at it will tike more hundreds of election and to act as-[political rnnnci8 of Fernando'.in tire morning found us at the s jene of action, where thousands of dollars than New-York City will feel dis- Wood, Rnswll, and others; but it will be found not quive The New- Orleans Picayune, occurred on the eveuing we soon learned that a gala day was in expectancy; posed to raipe on suchpoor prospect of succss, to buy so easy t c chiuige the opinions and sympathies of the of the 17th. It was attended by the Masons and OddCo.—Messrs. Lcugmau & Co.'s list of new announce- weight of eleven tuns. Messrs. Cocks & Co., Lou-dicated that something more than ordinary was share and place in the enthusiastic msrch of Freedom. sentation. For my own part, I repudiate • it, and I Guards, and a concourse of citizens.being Mr.'Piozzi's "Autobiography," to be edited by Mr.A.Hayward,thequarterlyreviewerandtranshaprogressbeude menin carts and carriages. Onthis.appliance-of,nuney,however,reetanowthe guaranteethaton.the6thofNovembernextthree Allured by the naming poet*,rs*in the hotels and only hope of the Opposition. The effect upon political—On Saturday afternoon last, at Birmingham,NEURALGIA.—A writer iu The Launcet, Dr. C U-eeanou of wagons and carmKes from Milord, headedby a fine brass band from Wilmington, entered the of the diijcovcrieB' of the "microscopic eye " of the } Xtv-Y^rk, Oct 25, lfieo.also Mr. Wilkins's " Collection of the Political Balladsof the Seventeenth and Eighteenth Centuries" character; it cah hardly be that the morbid Btate of theforward and took their nlaces; a staging was greeted inihe large portico of EwinK's Hotel". The meeting wa* By no means. This s>rt of bugbear is not seriously Ins neighborhood, lost it at the gaming table before he tasses. It was more than a thousand francs. Thesave the Union, by goi,ng, where they so delight to by hi8_own party. What I mean is, that they have be, on the strongest side.. Let them not fear for their severely injured him by the publication of what theyconsistency in, tbe eyes of their Southern friends. call his portrait. If he will engage my professional Now is their fever period; and they will not be held services against, the Republican party, I will insureaccountable for whatever they may do during .its bim from a Broome County jury heavy damages iu anLITERARY.shacklts of civil and religious despotism clatter on dun- vimr-panying this infernal machine was hideously sarcastic, tioninthiscityorcountry. Itisaveryeasymatter buttototherwieeentertanlng.;: —The success wbici ha* attended the naturaliza/im of the devotional poetry of Germany in England has led Mr. R. Maesie to follow up his translation of Spitta'ethe existence of any purely Judao-political organiza-" vtitseseed what by them was considered a liism. made to save New-York by means of a free use of fc* a few insignificant and obscure peddlers to abandon —The funeral of.Mr. F. A. Lumsden, one of the vic- Spiritual Songs," to be issued by Messrs. Hatchard &flection is preferable to the violent heats of a doubtful •xbibited for the edification of those who had never canvass. There is talk of the great efforts about to bethe stir tbat was everywhere visible'plainly in- off the people of the Empiie State from tkeir proper greater portion of the Jewish community by misrepre- Fellows, the Typographical Union, the Continental ments in pure literature is very small—the chief work don, are the publishers of the work.iio, nev«r!-M i F ' man lingered until Monday morning, when he died.•.**.*:'ued by J. H. Freeree," ie a titla of some promise;'and so apparent, and have eo distinct a relation to the par-offer any sufficient illustration of the fact. That is one town, to the unbounded satisfaction of the . multitude Herald, which every one has been eagerly looking-wa» considerable, and it was estimated by these con- this year, and this is rhe rea! great cause of her pecun- t)ie Bell men are urged to vote for the Fusion electoral of the famous play, "Pied de Mouton," which has eo value they acquire as materials in. the hands ofversant with the extort of the various poht'cal county iary troubles. Thai these are somewhat increased and ticket on the ground that there are no Breckinridge lotg held the French stage:aseembiag' s, that it exceeded, in point of numbers, any m*y bo siUl more aggravated by political denouements, a master worker like Macaulay. " 3|y Life, and what that had convened in the town duriog the campaign. may be readily admitted. But let ue Bse in wh it way men on it. Such an imposition can only be swallowed "He frequented the Caf6 Dufila, which was .situated shall I do with it, by an Old Maid," will meet with a The surprise wa? great, as it had not been euppoi^i th a these political elements create disturbance, and then we by fools. The Fusion ticket is really for the'bonelit of under the old Feydeau Theater, which stood where certain popularity iu these days of books addressed tosuch numbers of uve Republicans were resident in the may judge more clearly where the .blame belongs, and 'nobody but Breckinridge. : stands the Rue de la Bourse. There, seated at theTerritcry,"" and But there c«and with itcf•quiSitioa o: LoltAt MU*is*ippi ftoited this uuee wnd France hat StJl that territc -etrack deep vec then was to b*A ths comprou uH jf(a.\l branch thi—The Paris correspondent of Tlie N. O. Picayunewho 'greeted their coming. By this time the crowd after, but caunotlii.d. The South is unusually poor \ —'In some parts of Chautauqua County, Ne\v-Y'<»rk relates the following anecdote of Martainrille, author who has been incited to the task by thenerve afUcted can be greatly-different from that which prevails eo generally throughout tho system, especially, when the means which avail for the cure of both are considered. The nutrition of the nerve being ill par- formed, its structure unuovgoes some molecular altera-county. If they were not " Wide-Awakes," they where the true remedy lies. Is the anxiety which ol)rsame table, he would write his artlolee, correct his special classes. In ornamental literature, Messrs tion which conditionates pain. What is true of ueu. —It is said, and what is more,, it is believed, that one proofs, play at dommoes, and drink hard. One day L. & Co. offer " Moore'a Lallah Rookh, illustrated by ralgia from this cause, Dr. J. believes to be true of allserved to dilate the visual organs of others.At 2 o clock the band commenced playing at the tem--*»rary Republican headquarters; the :rowd pressedtains among business men on account or any antici- pated injury from the North, or from a Republican Ad- ministration ? Is it from expectation of that trenching upon "Southern Rights," so much mouthed about7of the emissaries of the H., S. & T. fund, charged with a considerable sum of moneylor the Fueionista inihe master of the caf6 (who fiked MartaiuviUe not only for his talents, but because he drew custom to the house) presented his bill for petit verres and demi-Tennhl," with five ornamental pages of original Per- cases belonging to the non- organic class. Thus, eleo-' .ticular symptom, this must be itself of lik* essentialtrical disturbances, damp cold, malaria, all seem to act ifeen ergcu-'ased. Isaa* NT. Focka, stq., the'owner cf a mentioned. In disunion apprehended? # o . Even got home. ' Another also had $600 to cany away just master of tho house did not care about Martainville'a Leighton, each in one volume small4to. lusvience the ranging the molecular nutritive actions- of the nervoun;Untitled Document*****,-.^-?Y^«t>tV^;^ / / ' ^ ^ ; ^ ^$$m*Wii•„T,.jl5lhi»i<j.i>,^.Gassara*$$fP|gjjp •••^^^Dnosber of Vice-Pr«8i«lent*i and Secretaries were uoni^ effect it; and tbe people do not want it. wuere, then,' taiuviUe looked at the bill for seme time without say- Manufactures, aid Mines," enlarged to three volume/ nat»ed, sJljof whom were men of position i \ the 6o«n- lie* th* danger ?" Which is/the quar»*r of the expe^ed H.VS. & T. should be more careful lucb^osiag sueir ing a Word; atlast he brok* Silense: ' W- enever any with 2,000 wood-cuts; Fairbaim's Treatise on "MHbjminity. ar;tl calcali'cd togivecharacter to the mestiag. calamity 7 Let all note ihi onswer well. It is from agents. ^:':..'^. of my acquaintances offer to treat*me (and you know and Mffl Work," 2 vols.; "Air and Water, as SHi- tbat hitherto I have not lacked these offers) I shall ac-N. B,"Sn>ithST8,e?q ,thsleider of theRepublican move the iirational and passionate action of Southern men, —A spirited Republican meeting was held. a*. Key- cept, and sbal! invariably ask for kirsch. Tell the lary and Industrial Agents," by Dr. Angus Smith aid • •palatable, and made no efTorb at concealment; they unoii themselves, and upon the community whuh has thousands of "greasy mechanics" and lnud-fiillaintbat cards; they are the 'bowers/ Book laming and all in euch quantities as to drive to their wit's end the cus-were addwssing a Sussex audience, and had no-appre- allowed them to assume the control of .its affairs. But that sort of tiling/ will do to fill up with* like small todians of tbe national collections, for actual want of- T r e wool market suffered a shocking decline in thin hension of the consequences; they knew what kind of -b*> Southern people have Dot commenced quft? too town on Tuesday night last. About a thousand Wide- trumpp, but you must have the bowers to back 'em, room to di»play them.' The official account is preparing aegkm ten d*y s ago, by the reports of the Pcnnsyl- g*me they were set-king, and h*d the proper ammuni- late to arrest the mad career of these men. It was Awakes we're present.with their torches. . else they ain't worth shucks. If lucks run agin yoution.? Col.'French S. Evans of .Th°. Baltimore PoJ- oi>ly for a day and to demonstrate his folly hat Paaej-o--. pretty strong don't cave in and look like a sick chicken for publication by Mr. Bently, under the ti.le " Car- -eaeia- and Indiana elections. Before that the stap e riot was next brought forward and kept hie audienc9 was allowed to hold the reins of the orb of day, and to '—•Tbe Republicans of Worcester, Ma-is., had a l a r o on a rainy day,,but hold your head up and make 'em thage and its Remains, befog an account of exoava*io<w'was in high request for themahiog of vails to anil over in good humor by hie anecdotes. He pleasad his hea-- precipitate himself from the mid-heaven ^e had BU and'enthusiastic meeting on Tuesday, which was ad- believe you're flush of trumps; they won't play so hard and researches on the site of the Phoenician metropolispeopkVs eyee; and notwithstanding the heavy fleece ersl>yhi8 manner, and left the stand having made H. rashly Bought. The equally disastrous result, to them- dressed by the HonvGeorge S- Boutwell. He was fol- agin you. I've lived and traveled around some, Bob, and in other adjacent places, conducted under the aus-irom Jour millions of stock south of the Ohio, there was good impression. Smithera was loudly ^called_for; he selves and to others, oi perooitting these modern "pre- lowed by Royal J. Hintou of Kansas. , and I've found out that as soon as folks thought yourose and made a few remarks, • concluding with pro- cipitators" to drive thfl chariot of " Smthern interests" held out a weak hand, they'd back agiu you strong. pices of her Majesty's Government, by N. Davis, withgveat confidence in the market. But as the election pesing three cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin, which has beroire timely. obvious to the real masters of eo —The Wida-Awakes of Providence, are to make a So, wh»n you're sorter weak, keep on a bold front, but numercus fixe illustrations." returnscamein,wool-puffingwentout. Thewool wasrespondedtowithawill. Themeetiogthenad- ciety. EversinceConventiontimehavetheyfeltthe granddprnons-trationOnthe1stof-November,inwhich playcautious;besatisfiedwithap'int. Many'athespeculation at largest is feared, wOl never revive in journed, having afforded an extensive scope for com-*be States. It is perfectly dead in the Territories, and ment, and a fertile theme for converse with th iss whose ideas.as to the political questions of the daymar eoaSdenoe in it is gone forever, since it is now ap- were vague-and indefinite.parent t-ha', the late traverse of Mr. Douglas in thesepens did not avert the fall, A smart anagram on the audience vast, f. r a country toypa, which was obliged Pro Slavery sentiment has gone too far, and henceforth 1,000 ladies, and 500 Wide-Awakes, in uniform, took won't know how to play it; both bowers aud the acel i t t l e Giant'«name-has caused considerable merriment to stand for three entire hours, and was. composed must recede. • This is seen in the tone of the Breckin- won't save you, for there's ear-tin to be a *• misdeal,' or ten indeed beguile their elders into a perusal whenonce here in private circles It is—Lo id gas !' ,, of rren of all ahadts of political creeds, was parent ridge journals, especially of those published in conser- part.- Speeches were made by Gov. Stanton, the Hon. something wrong. And another thing, Bob (this was they are taken up), called " Odd Men," coataiuingauand attentive throughout; all listened as though they vative communities. Disunion is.recognized by th«an W. G. Howard, and Gov. Ford. The town was a'ive Spoken in a low tone), don't go top mush on the interesting glance at some of the out-of-the-way type* X don't hke corresponding with the chief organ of were in search of truth; and were indifferent astj as '^synonymous with revolution;" and it is frankly with music, fireworks, and real enthusiasm. women; queens is kinder poor cards; the more you of savage life. Messrs. Ticknor made the purchase ofBlack Republicanism, but am rather forced to it by a where they found it. The beet order waa maintained admitted that the South is totally unprepared for such have of them the worse for you; you might have threethrough the whole proceedings; the utmost decorum actiop. Practical surrender is made of the dogma of —A most enthusiastic Republican meeting, the first and nary trump. I don't say discard 'em all; if you get tbe early sheets and stereotypes of the cutsia the usaalusurp* d reins gradually slipping from their graep.3. jThe.effect upon the people at large. The general consciousness seems to be that the fire of the Disunion- ists has been drawn in advance; and that they are nowthose of the entire State end some of the neighboring cities will participate. ';tersburg (Va.) Express: '—Mr. Dickinson, in his Bihghamton speech, says a Crriftiah freeman. . y" I don't know that any of the candidates has been' . - ! ••-r:0«.-..V-,r»-J.>.i.'....^.. .MASS MEETINGREPUBLIC- T H E .Min i*pe«cbes Iry Hon i• » - ' . , - • « > . * • • < * •' • • " ''.'.'• • 'iA regular ftuetin ftitc Club was heU J&Vj mtkeev«uinonlywerethecnWt ent, brt togfr sum acce fta«5gthelarg fag*«Bcpecedby: Tthich drew fan. ,\ On motion of S<to Jlar?r a»l was appoi indcteers. M-. his h-nor; he saidim'j alreacy wra moment till the •Were in tbe 15 I>e the battle-gr deferred to Mr^ Ln«fei sen as Chief M>ig •kctedkewitl be t He 'will be a coreer\ th* South will hava shftllthenmxodue Clubywhower^waXte Hon. James inntdecefi amid a p audit nee rising witM* . 1 FKLLOW-CITI/.Wcan ti gage is to .»} ncblctt wo;k, to ia jProv'dence, we i.n Frtm: tbe beginjrr g. the pbuting in tte wilderness t the law of our gro That law is strop toe—call it by wl eveste," "-political or." Ckdin historyW e are actual foundations of ne •^ork kfcich we cs It is already upon And the question Jbniid upon Slavi-r; pa^tU-eand bula? noti.z.swtrit,ai.d ite deeperate etrsg h<th wi>ys at the I place heboid fosr j three otpcaing f,ieTie fefder of o fair-tly wm>r.erf. ' ctber*c3amorou*.j of the third eayf., ] the Rerutlican pt In the Territcrke.'. Amid the jariro Ueath all th^i verb u;ed to txpre+e or the same que*Lion; the Terriurief. a reared up into Stheie it etatds. nore it altcpi-tb - noO.ixg; Dory *s yet, to avoid it saSull there it Uai thatdemanding,in;de tbat thinks and e swer,atd it *dl eithsr. Theremiddle ground.' ery cugat or oog CoDBtiiutioc iio* B does not give Ccn: Mr. Brecfcb;:^ly, at d iraukly b»j Dred*Sectt Convut right to ttke and boritorks we now hav He,_Lincohi aUoupon«»»to bv ^JJIucae.When our revoltwork in 1787. of ax t h e y c e i t h e r i g n c w Thty met aud ac-rv on rxecdoB." 'th their national doisii Tirginia/ God WicTn&ttieethuspi by their care, u« Statee; with eight is iot preeeed ^ a?blood cf a e areI ccme, in all tb »t educaticn aid t h well as their u a equaltotbeOi-i since her admit*.o sin hasalmoet.ac1 many trocpa, and ginia herself.I tay this ceitb Sp«ct to Vbguv 4.No, tever, in provoked to speal St^te. She ha** dmetier of. S'aieti pice, it is true, tl which she now good!"—ciutchin* what Washiogtoithe Revolution, at pericd so recent at denounced fa term denounced it es ' litically," ° th* h< dew,'' "acanoe*, xtes eating into acoursre," a mngi in case the Fedcn lilence that waik< thatwastethatt what a revolutioi five yea:si lot "Skv^ryis the Inotitutk>ns in-Ut her people no TT;Tuptirg me in dj £eoate, that tbd State now is thai «'tobe enec-uraj otljer (Mr. lirtu kevstoue ct tbe fclockof AfricanO, what a chfrcm Jcffereba t<lutiop, the gr^«Yet. £t>a cir.7 nnorth:v.c*tot tJgitia always wwill bl?fc& her, ?wbhttbe ha* bfthose Stales. Oxcirai>ce of F ThankGodt ofVi*gu.'ia ro\ 8^6 loved Slaye hi.w cf maternitexperiment of Dr. du Bois Raymond, iu whioh a dim- f§ territoritsto the tsion, ihat " Cos.'em !nig' on you; recollect thegame laysaa much with —The Republican meeting of Cojtland County, held the head as with the hands. Be temperate; never getmatter in dispute is a new book by Capt. Mayo* Read, The meeting in every respect was a success; the powerless except for horde miichief. Also, that the at Homer on Tuesday, was a greM affair; 5,000 men, drunk, for then ro matter how <?ood your hand, you the unrivaled author of books for boys, {which of-©f honor. We Xentuckiats have a common; to express " giving in" oa a disputed question— was observed; the long porch was densely packed, " a State's right to secede of her own choice;" aud a of the campaign in that place, was held at Riceville, N. hold of one that's a tr?imp, it's all good, and ther's sar- maimer, but before tbey corsld ispue tbe book, they firj<^and the crowd of upturned faces in front or the hotel gradual tempering down of previous threats and pre- J., on Tuesday evening. The attendance was large, tin to be one out of four.' And above all, B>b, be the market forestalled by a hasty impreeai m at a b ver acknowledge the corn." That's what we are indicated an unusual interest; the windows above aad tensions is ooservable. The secret of all this is th it honest; never take a man's trick wot don't belong tobr**ght to now. So long as there was a chance to below were closely packed with the ladies who had there was too great reliance placed upon the supposed though but a few hours notice was given. Addresees you; nor \ slip cards,' nor ' nig,' for then,yon can't look price; said to have been manufactured at the grea'.CTfF— The Petersburg (Va..) Express is not happy inattempting to compliment the enthusiasm of its party.It says of a recent meeting: " The. shout that greetedMr. Bctte as he appeared on the stage had haart and 'needful' into it as I never expected to eee iu my life; issued in 166.r>, after the restoration of Charies II. Init will briDg them to reason; aud for the country, for it THE W A Y TO MAKE VOTES FOR LINCOLN • AND Great Falls and presented me with a $10 bill.will restore its quietude by returning to it its former well !approved naiiooal principles and policy.HAMEIN.—Some time duriDglatt night, some person or persons forced an entrance into Independence Hall, the Republican headquarters, at the corner of Gay andGalant, afterward called the Nouveau Mercure, and ' • At Great Palis I met with the same demonstra- the Mercure de France. Under one name or another.I h e question now arises, what is the duty of thewhole country, and. especially of the North ? Shall Fayette streets, and committed outrages disgraceful to that I exjoyed.vf ry much.it lasted till the year 1818, and a complete set comprises the astounding and almost, incredible number ofwall, cut into pieceB, and scattered over the floor. Thisis only the second time in the history of the Republicthat the Hag of our country has been thus desecrated.A number of Wide • Awakes' caps and capes were also which I received when there. I remember, with destroyed. A*theLincolnpartyinourcitynownum- specialpleasure,myvisittoBunkerHill,attendedby bers isevc-ral thousand of ear citizens, the most of whom the Cbarlestown city authorities, the military.and will compare favorably with the same number of either music; ako, the addresses delivered on that occasion of the political parties, for their devotion to the by the Maj or and Mr. Frothingham.6th of November next.' . •Mayor Dana of Charlestown, and Mr. Gilmore's Con- cert Band, for their liberal presents.—The Sumter (Ga.) Republican makes the follow- ing very'clear statement concerning the treasonable"Though I am in my 105th year, I am not past allusefulness; I split my own kindling wood, and build work of fiction in the old orthodox style, of three volcontinuance. Let them all join in, and swell the action for libel. The pictures of him which I have tions.promise a season fully ecjnal to the average. Up originally written by M. Donker Curtius, Dutch Resi-tnblime psean which cheers the world as it rises fr.>m seen really do' him great injustice in all respects save to this time the number of actually new announcements dent in Japan, aud Dr. Hoffman, Japanese Professor atithis! nation of the West—'• Free Labor, Free Men, one^—if he were half as ugly as they make him appear, is not great, but mauy of shebooks heretofore promised Leyden. The great Japanese Dictionary of the JeauisFreedom everywhere and- forever!" it would, as was said elsewhere, be quite enough for_him to look at a rail so as surely to split it: But ' he (and already mentioned in/theie columns) may be mo- missionaries, printed at Nagasaki, 1603, with- expla-—One Philander Pierce, a colored resident of Geor-deemed Italy!—how.the sound of jubilee rises in gia, lived unhappily with his wife, and she came alone season. Most < f the Other publishers club two or threeinconsonancewiththespiritoftheage,thoughagainst thePottOfficeatthecitynamedwerethrowninto proffereinglyeufficientattractionstopurchasers,though deeperate and peihaps yet to be bloody resistance,with it. It is "The Piano-Forte; Its Origin, Progress, and Construction; with a Historical Ac-.'-^ SAVANNAH,Oct.18,i860.The news of the October elections in the North has nunkitd teems t • runr h on to'its era of religioit$,civil., consternation by a series of agonized screams, evidently as his publications axe rather books of standard charac-ance is quetticned, and that her citizens are as conser- arrived. Ithas created some little fluttering; although and social freedom—the era of perfect liberty. Let coming from a woman. Hastening to the spot whence ter than novelties, his eale does not attract the same count of the Instruments of the same Class which vative as those of ainy other section of our common h has Hurprised nobody. The tightness in the money all laggards beware! America, youngest of nations, the noise proceeded, they found Mrs. Pierce speechless kind of interest tbat attaches to thoee of Messrs preceded it, and a Selecriou of Compositions for theni.markete of the South, due in great pa-1 to the failure of and boastfully the freest, too, hastens to do her part,by the Ancient Masters." All who are interested in knowinghowthe uncouth "Clavichord" the "Vir-greatachievement.|, HOW WILL THE JEWS VOTE ?w. .adderthencrossing,thefloorandseekingtheairofper- theseoccasions has been described too'often toneedfect freedom. Some of the .men fled, but enough re- more ;than a reference; aud every one knows how, ginal" (beloved by Queen Elizabeth), the " Spinnett," mained firm to capture the serpent, which was taken under the genial ioflaence of a splendid dinner and rare and the " Harpsichord" were gradually developed iuto to the City Marshal's office. There explanations en- vintages, the heart of the unsuspecting purchaser ex- that "tremendous eugineof aocial oppression,'' tbe mod-el n piano-forte, w ill find the process fully elucidatjed, with truders. But what we are drifting at is the fact «hat work of mischief, by bringing forward pretended cases have teen a political convention of Je -viah delegates, pasteboard box.and a let'er at the office, and had has- self "down" in the books of the bland auctioneer abundance of lively anecdote, iu this work. There is.representing and expressing the sentiment of the large tened to open the former, not doubting that it was a and respectable body of Jews in this city aud cou&ty." gauge of returning affection. She was surprised to hearintelligence may 'be described as folio ws: museetoform " entangling alliances " wi*h either of ugly green head of the snake. Just then she dropped ; th^ great parties in tbis Republic. And I defy these1. .MI pO)ii cu circles there is a decided giving up of Eelf-aj pointed and eelf-etyled "delegates " to point out. the box and the screams came in. The letter accom-the contest. Tbia is well in itself.. A period-of serious re-nothing mythical about the full development of this in- strument. Like the American Constitution, it starts 1 in life at once, though itsfouuNations are to be soughtfar back in the middle ages. On " the 16th of May, 1709," it is announced in the papers of the day that Mr. Dibdin will ace mpany Miss Brickler in a favorite song from Judith, " on a new instrument called Piano- forte."ThesucceedingpainfulprogressoftheepideniJLyra Domestica with a version of " Martin Luther's ia too well known to UBall. Dr. Rimbault states that the tendon of the strings in a full-Bized grand piano,But at the present time there is observable no dieturb- .ance of the publicpeace or prosperity which promises.Now tlis is all gammon. There never was and thereserious results The real effects of this half-expected never will be, I bote, any occasion for the Jews en with horror when from the uncovered prison shot the "of, or "workoff."sued. It eeems that the woman had found a thin pands,, and he too often, the next morning, finds him-from within it a slight hiss,', and was quite transfixedstores, promising good speaking and music, affiliations here cannot be so clearly determined. Prob- fourtha of my Jewish brethren will repudiate thepersons began to pour into town. All were on the trp- ably but little change iu the previous intentions of vor action of these, night-scavengers of the Slaveocratic Conn., a Mr. Henry Hatton, an operative in Messrs. title muef be a reprint: " The Wit and Wisdom of the sentially implies a lowering of the vital power audtoeof expectation. Maoy inheriting mother Eve's ters will be effected. The total vote may be decreased party. We JewB have not forgotten the fact that our Atwaters " Iron and Steel Works'," while-at wOrk Rev. Sydney Smith; a selection of the moat meraoraAde^orioeity, went with the view of seeing this mon- somewhat. If real alarm ahould bo excited among fathera were at one time the subjects of oppression in " rolling," was accidently pierced through the upper functional action of the nerve, and not an increase—an 'acrcsaty—a Republican a?.-.amb'age—and forming their conservative men, the tide toward Bell and Douglas the houBe of bondage. Nay, tbat wo ourselves were portion of hi*, left thigh with a five-eighth inch oval passagekin hia Writings and Conversation." This ie opihiou which it> also supported by the well-known -I rery scon af;«own opinion of the conglomerHte, and hence sseelled would be likely tp greatly increase as an expression of not very many years ago, as most of our brethren yetbar of..iron, red hot, or more properly at what ie called/almost identical with a work published a few years since by J. S. Redfield, and carefully prepared by Mr.the numbers. Others went with the laudable intention the Union sentiment of tne ptotle,andas a check upon are, despised and oppressed. And ahall we indorse and , of finding out who ware Republicans, and doub'ies* the madcap. The previous and continued apathy ofiuutiou of the nerve current is found to be coexistent^ • for theemancki eameawayBa*i»rledthattheyformedmorethanamere thepeople,however,doeenotpoint,atpresent,toany supportapartythatunblnshinglvliftsupitsvoicein thefemoralartery,andbeing25feetlong,15feetofit E.A.Duyckinckofthiacity. "Everybody'sBook* withthepresenceofpaininthenerve. Thewritcrrfe Slaveryshoulda "white heat/' The rod grazed the bone, severingcorporal's guard. Everything foretold a buw time. notable necessity lor Hich a demonstration. advecacy of man-etealing, man-hunting, and the re- passed through the fleeh.before it could be cut and the or Gleanings serious and entertaining, in Prose and thinks it may be fairly argued, that when the »ymp-» .f^| and bear fruiiWagons oiled with Old Abe's men, and bearing hisstandard aloft, marched in. At le o'clo ;k a large pro-2. In business affair- it is generally said that the ef- opening of the slave-trade in defiance of that " higherfect is clightly paiiica/. And yet no one seema able to law" given to us by our divine Lawgiver ? NeVer; short end withdrawn from, the limb. The unfortunateVerse, from the Sorap-Book of a Septuagenarian, ed- InterveM^cn tome of debility, and especially of mrve debility, are i temaCTWhe t'epaying the whole bill, he knew that he .trwlSffgaJ*»S9W»*«»t# *re jfcore 5»ptnuxi; iiic]ndJQg Prof.direction,Ihavecarefu'liys^read^andapproved,andIPages. Itisacatalogueoftheauthorsandbooksre- lating to Japan which have been published from the sixteenth century to the present time, and comprises a list of about 700 works, with frequent critical notes, and full bibliographical descriptions. The same gen-sign it with my own hand(*~R\LI'H FAKNHAM."ijor we are surely fallen upon prophetic• times'; and does not look like those picture. He is not positively mentarily expected. Mr.; Murray and Messrs. Long- nations in Portuguese, is also iu course of publicatioa••-!v-. ;• •hand I've seen euchred 'cause they played for too —One of the internecine, squabbles that dietorb the much. Keep your eyes well skinned, Bob; don't let! haimony of publiebers, is now in progress betweenMessrs. Harpers and Messrs. Tickuor So Fields. Theat the depot. They requested me to hold my hat ou*; official organ for the promulgation of appointments, of the window, which 1 did, when they showered the &c, is of a little later date, the first number bringas at Lawrence and Dover7 and the Ticket Master ofths G.-eat Falls Branch Railroad invited me to a dinnerthst I am as well. . . ." lam very grateful for the honor done me, by the irvitation to- visit Boston, and the many attentionswhich the firtt number bears the date, March II, 1702. —The long expected edition of AJexander Pope'f works, in which Mr. Cooper aud Peter Cunningham, were formerly engaged, and now in charge of the Rev. Whitwell El win, will appear in separate vol- umes, Vol. I. being just ready for publication from theestablishment of Mr. Murray, who also announces a. book by Lord Carnarvm on what the French call a svjet d'occasion, / ' RecolleciionB of the Druses, with. Notes on their Religion."—The new book of Signor Ruffini, anther of ". Dr.' Antonini," is entitled "Lavinia," and proves to be a" l a m also greatly indebted for the liberal sums of money, and the many presents I received. My thanks which ie all. I have to offer, seem but a poor return for;\. ,,;;:'.• 'j my own fires. I am the first one up in the morning,and the first one in bed at night. I never sleep or lie umes, post octavo. It will be brought out in Novemher by Messrs. Smith & Elder, who also annoonce1 " A Volume of Fairy Tales," by Miss Prior (Holm* Lee); " Shakespeare and his Birthplace," by John R. Wise, with illustrated views by Linton; and " S:rip-*•• B ' t a y j e d . L e t u s p l e a d , t h e n , f o r a n a b s o l u t e d e c i s i o n o b t a i n e d : . a n c e o f a p h y e i c i a n . A b o u t t w e n t y f i v e y e a r s a g o I I t u r e L a n d s , i n , c o n n e c t i o n w i t h t h e i r H i s t o r y , w i t h in the interest of the South herself—both for her future " ' I heard a Georgia Senator say the other day, in 1roke my thigh by falling Onthe ioe, and had a surgeon Extracts ,frdm an Eastern Tour," by the Rev. G. S. welfare and her present peace. Lincoln should be private conversation,-that in the event of Lincoln's to set it, but this is the only time a doctor ever atteadedelected, if at all, by a majority-of the people. For the election, he would resign before Buchanan's tirua was me. I live on plain farmers' diet, drink tea and coffee, Drew.evening by 'HENRY J. SCUPDER, esq., and the Hon. Soufh's sake he should be, not only a " Constitu- out, come home, raise an army of ten thousand men, and eat a very light su >per, never eating meat after, WALDO H'^TCHINS. Mr.Bellows—brother ofthe tionalPresident,"butalso.the*'People'sPresident." andtchenhecrossedthePotomac againitwouldbe dinner.Ihavenodoubtitisowingtotheseabstemious—Though the commercial prizes of the opening of JapantothewesternworldrestwithAmerica,itisto France we muet look for the literary results likoly toha»d. Met. a Republican—one eye shut, and laughingwiththeother. Metadarkey,blackaainkevery-where else, but Lord! what a streak of ivory acrosshie face! At 3 p. m. felt a little better still. It was Douglas, BtU, and Fusion, which he did. most ad- Deit" will be admitted true,' when a great nation, dis- and icovld go with him, some from every Southern I voted for Gen. Wa|hingtou for President, and have lbllcw, and several important works on the subject am market-day, acd the country farmers, having got mirably. Mr. Hutchins formerly represented the daining the side-issues of policy and the non-issues of.through thfeii eale«, were traveling round. " What do yen say about the election 7" asked a shopman of one w€them. "WhatdoIsay-Teh? Isayhurrahfor Abe-Lincoln of Kentucky. He's made out of our•tnffl" A pretty, fair shout for the streets of Louis- '*3ewQuotation, Thursday, Oct. 19: Kentucky's pulse ^prict; Ohio River rising; provisions of all sorts firm,except Firty which is declared no longer edible.. . DASELL.»•REPUBLICAN RALLY IN SUSSEX COUNTY,D E L A W A R E .CMoecpoBdonce of The N. Y. T»ibnn«.feaif, proclaims, in tones hot to be mistaken, its senti- Americans of Brooklyn in the State Legislature, aud ments on the great issue-of Slavery-or Freedom. LetState: " i \ yoted at every Presidential election since, and hope to now appearing at Paris. Aa a preliminary guile to vrte at the next elecVbn. This is the duty of every the extant knowledge on the subject may be recom-Rev. Dr. Bellows, and formerly prominent in the Tbif would take away the last pretext from the woald- vit.h his drawn sword. The Senator said there were and regular habits, and the avoidance of medicine at American party—devoted himself to dressing down be disturbers of the public pe*ce. " Vox populi, vox thirty members of Cojigress pledged to that position, all little ailments,. thai my life has been so prolonged.lator of *'Fauet." Another book, to judge from the Joh.es, states that in a majority of cases, neuralgia es-sian design, and Miss WinkwortiYs translation of theLyra-Germanica," with wood-cuta drawn by John in the like way, so far as can be judged—viz., by de-in Paris, translated into French, wkh type cast ex- p-essly for the Japaneee portion, which ie also given iuto be resitted by the frame-work, is equal to aof liberty, sad t of her revolu io now. sud untoll our republi*>a ginia'sgreato-jt ncilowest oi t Slavery. 1^? jaen. toe great * greet tic c u:r tbbt d^y, atd thstructure, and to impairing its function.• ... . ... ->.—«;,V.'^;~>*^AU,.*>_,, ,^r^.l.#i*AjMn,**m• '-"il iin inflHiMIMl I I liftingThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069y~ *&?^>! I S V ^ M M •JiH!?: gj-.j.TJawww.fultonhistory.com* - - -• • ''^!_:_ _j_^^ _ Lli •••'•- •.-.! 