 •r.•farrival makes brief mention of the elopement of President, would have no Union td' preside ovfr— the Wile of John Henry Gurney with her footman; that the election of a Republican would be tlfc sig- Mr. Gurney is the son of Joseph John Gurney, the nal for a dissolution. This b&by-talk was promptlyIntolvtnt't Name.Henry R. Reed*-.. L)a>idil.Eder...' Albert W; Hcott" Jonas Politz*... John W . H»yne«*, T>ebt«. $20,004 65,000A « « U . . . . . . 45,000 ,• ....•> •••• ...»2,300*796s-,100*8T00O«"M',000*.-10O*1,11&- 28. 3,300' 3,600-15,000•••*»•33,000 6,500.l',62i2;500*••V <450 2,062-4S50O * • * •4relief. Three persons are kept busy taking downparticulars of want to be enquired- into by the ex- within reach of the engineer, is placed a closer, by-•vj»*t*>j»NIW«<w<-FROM WA8BINQTON,-past by the friends of Mr. yon.DERBY, Conn.; Jan. l451SG0.waltiiig up stairs.Another similar contrivance has&A•r••••TOE ClTiJ4NES IN THE HOUSE.©ax Special Correapo»J«*t. .* > «lypui CATTLE—TWO INVENTIONS—OUR MONSTER with abundant patronage.1- M67?.-«- _•:!r^WhW^-^^^ri£:;-...Vw«*ii.><ai«££B2StiSHEW^YOBBL ©AIL1CTKlft&Nl, »Q^P^Mip^^^? W-Democratic CitaKnee, the rouoa-robin of the Pire-eating mutineer*, k haviagito legitimate effect uponfiie Opposition memberB of Congress who support"Mr. Shexman.*' T&ey only cling the closet to their dated 12th March, 1854, and to the Instructions of thevynaru\4a Massachusetts-born Tennessean, freshpr<**xibed candidate.Our fri«wis abroad should know, what is so wellunderstood on the spot, that this outcry against Sherman: on* account of Helper's "Crisis," isDepartment of June 1,1853, referred to in the first...15,815 10,000\ m^r,i•f the House is accompanied with the insolent sug-could nave caused his repudiation of my course, withgesuon that though this majority 8ha2 not eleet which the French Court was satisfied, and which,that where the toiling masses are held as slaves—that negro slavery is the corner stone of the Kepub-fia, Now, suppose that some Northern O'Conor in the United States. Of the propriety and soundand was accordingly employed in that capacity.Taylor was an educated man, of fine appearance, But matters of deop interest, of a different char- and pleasing manners, and three or four years acter, are going on in another part of the'State. Ihad published "& book in support of these ideas, and policy of. American Ministers not assuming any uniform in attendance upon the Courts to whichyounger than his mistress. Thus thrown often to-gether, she conceived a passion for her servant, ofwhich her husband did not entertain the remotestidea until she openly avowed it to him, declaringthat, though the latter had been faultless as a hus-band, and only too indulgent, yet Bhe had ceased tolove him; that her heart was with Taylor, and thatshe had determined to abandon the husband/forhim. The tenderest remonstrance and intercessionwas present at a recent series of trials on the Cen- tral Railroad, of .one of the most extraordinarynovelties in modern railway engineering.motive Weighing 21 tnns, had been fitted with an apparatus for magnetising the wheels invented by Major Serrill.- The purpose of magnetising the wheels is to secure their proper adhesion to the track, now accomplished only by enor- mous weight, accompanied by corresponding expense of engine and great wear and in-jury to the rails. The new' apparatus converts the wkcels into magnets at the pleasure of the engineer. Being thus converted, they hug the rails exactly as if heavily loaded. The result is obvious and most important—the wheels of a very light engine will no longer slip on the rails when dragging a heavy train. Heavy engines may therefore be dispensed with and.light ones substituted, costing and con- suming less, and lets destructive to the rails.Numerous parties interested in railroad matters were present at these trials. It was demonstrated that magnetism increased the adhesion of the wheels nearly 80 per cent, without adding a pound to the weight. It was shown that the power re- quired to slip the wheels of a twenty-one tun en-that some fifty Southern members of the last Con- grvRR, including Col, Orr, had recommended its cir-A^ loco-S.objection to ita publication, and therefore send it to2mcksilver, and.-the', piate is set m the sluice with a eecent of two f*pi a MB inches in a foot. A iranfber of tbe plates arejplaced together in the sluice, extend- ing eignfc VTten feet up and down. The quickeilver in the cones is kept in -motion by th« water flowing over it, and a freth surface of mercury is thus always readjto catch the passinz gold.The following is ali*t of the perfeons who have .ap-appjieu for the benefit of the insolvent law in this city during" the current year, with the amount ot their-W ASHINGTON, Jan. 21,1880. AMimgbtboexpectedthe©wwpiTacyoftneproceedtoParis,Ideemthisaproperoccasiontocallob*taclesarise,th^>discretionaryprovisionremulniBinabeyance,* ..Jib*. LRWIR CAR*, 8+crttary of Stat*:SIR: As a new Minister, Mr. Faulkner, is about toDiscretionary provbdon is made for the avoidance of nay ditn- cnlties which may exht in following this course; hut where noHOTEL—-BAILIE TEJ5KTON. r ' The dinner to Md". JBailie B«eyto> v«a> fipllywed by FromOoiOwneonfspondWt. ,',_••'#"?•'•#'**Marietyofspeeches;•closing-with-'orietfrouiMr.own instrnctionsj and as euibarr<o using the of my public duties, I at once resigned.fulfillment I think it proper to reiterate a fact alluded to in theseph John, and was married to the husband she has abandoned when she wafe only fifteen years old. She is now twenty-eight, and has two children. Her father, at his death, left a fortune of $5,000,000— one-half to her children, and the income of the other half to her during her life—the principal, at her death, to go also to her children. In addition to this abundance, her husband is also very wealthy, a Member of Parliament, and maintains a splendid city establishment and several country seats. As a man, a citizen, a husband, and a futher, perhaps all England does not contain a better or brighter chtu-- acter. He married for love, and was passionately attached to his wife, lavishing on her every atten- tion and indulgence which an overflowing fortune and aflection could suggest as likely to contribute to her happiness, without for a moment suspecting that her loyalty to him had been alienated, until he heard the blasting intelligence from her own lips.mocracy in the House, lacking two votes to become he majority, bought tho souls and bodies of two men who were elected as Shanghai Americans in Camden Co.,~by giving them two or three contempti- ble . offices, and thus' became the ruler. Theymounted a high horse at once, by expelling an Op- position member without a moment of inquiry into the merits of his alleged disqualification, and would go even greater lengths, but that they have a holy fear of an Opposition Governor. Then there are symptons in the Senate of that body insisting on the reappointment of the old Chancellor, a partisan of the rankest kind. For over a year that office has been vacant because a Democratic Senate refused to confirm any other nominee. As all mortgages are foreclosed in the Chancellor's Court, that wnole business has been brought to a dead halt. The 21 Sheriffs in the State are complaining loudly that they have nothing to do, no sales, no business worth following, and that their term of office is running out without paying them. Other great iutercsts are suffering grievous wrong from the same cause. No injunction can issue, no decree be made, no de-pursued for about six month« in tne numerous occa-John Sherman, they may eject one or two sions mi. which I appeared at Court, was regarded by it Governm«ut to the course which, undor its instructions, I haveother persons whose names are indicated. as final.Sow, we believe that the opponents of I would also refer you to the expression in Mr.followedUnder these circumstances, that the public service at thin Le-gation may experience no embarrassment, I consider it my-duty to retire, and shall await the permission of the President, as be fore stated, for that purpose. In the mean time 1 shall continue to devote my services to the duties of the office.1 have tbe honor, &c, 5tc., __^. . . .•flue Democracy, who sustain Sherman, wUl xepel with indignation this attempt to dictate to them for whom they shall or shall not east their votes. If some two-score members are permitted W succeed in trampling down the independence of their nearly two hundred colleagues, then the aoosf r the House adjourns sine die the better.Let us look a t the alleged reason for thu treason- able proceedmg, and reverse the actors, and predict -what would ttn-n be the result. It has been bruited abroad in the South, and even on the floor of Con- gress, that Capital should own L*bor, both white and black—that the only stable state of society isMarcy'B dispatch to me that " your [myj couree of of- " ficial conduct, particularly in the matter referred to, *' is approved and commended," while in the same cOTrmnmcation he also states it to be " a source of re- 44 gret that any of our Ministers representing their " country abroad, have found themselves so situated '* that t^ey have felt obliged, by considerations con- 44 rectcd with the public interest, to adopt a Bomewhat 41 different course.The new Minister going to Paris will, of course^ be free to obey the instructions as I did, or if he leels 44 obliged by cons-derations of public interest" to do as Mr. Mason did.44 adopt a somewhat different course.' I do not know that a letter which Mr. Mason showed me from Mr. Marcy, and which Mr. Marcy referred to in a conversation with me, is to be found in the archives of the Department, as, though official in its form, 1 jecollect it was marked " Private," or ,4 Per- sonal," but if on record, it will he seen that the Secre- tary of S*ate severely animadverted upon this repudia- tion of my course, which, he took occasion to sayj had been almost universally commended by public opinioniSIcned)DxP AnTHENT or STATE, HXNltV SHKI.TON DANFORD, OSq.,HENRY S. SANFORD. WASHINGTON, Feb. 18,1854.\ - •-f your course. There.is noth- ing in tbe facts of the case, in my view of them, to justify such an inference. The instructions on the subject have undergone no modification since thej were first issued, and to none of our di- culation. Suppose, on the assembling of Congress, therein withdrawn), and of the recommendation to plomatic agents has the application of them- been withdrawn.a Bepublican member, knowing that Orr was the Democratic nominee for the Chair, had offered a , resolution that no person who had recommendedwear the simple dress of an American citizen, I pre- The views of the Government in that matter are unchanged, and' it is not now less solicitous thun it has be«n *t any time to sen sume you, Sir, with your own long experience, enter- them carried into effect. It is certainly a strange conclusion thatUiiu no question; ann I feel the more assured that this this Government conveys a disapprobation of the conduct of any be so, as those instructions are still given by the De- one of its diplomatic agents because others, acting under a dis- cretionary clause in the same instructions, do not pursue precise-Felicity R. Glatz agt. CherleBlJ, Glatz; Ann Wiluon t^t, Ed- ward Wilson; Mangle J. Cornell agt. Jacob L. Cornell; Julia E . Angove agt. John Angove; oatherlae Armstrong agt- Amos H- ATtiiBtron*; T&lizA Jane Dunn agt.'Aniasa Dona; J. Q. A. War- renagt.AnnaL.W.Warren;HannahAnnHaleagt.Wm.Hen- ry Hale; Clarbtnu J. Swasej a^t. Gust&vuH A. 6wra»"ey; Carolina rraser CI*they are accredited, and which was obviously the in- tention ol the circular of the Department of June 1, 1853 (all previous instructions on the Bubject beingdrawn, for the alleged reason of bis relations to the ple. A representative of a vassal State would be bound to tbe efficient discharge of my duties.to conform to the usage of the Court which he attends I informed the Minister of Foreign Affairs, at the time of H e l p e r b o o k 7 C a n a n y E e p u b l i c a n a i d i n d r i v i n g w h e r e h e o w e s a l l e g i a n c e . m a k i n g t h « c h a n g e i n q u e s t i o n , t h a t < w a s a c t i n g i n c o n f o r m i t ymake time when rails are stiffening with ice, as no. him from the field without virtually approving the In illustration, I would refer to the fact that Prince with tho wishes of my Government, aa conveyed in its (then)inanltinf resolution of Missouri Clark ? Are they prepared for such self- stultification ?Callimalci, the able and accomplished Turkish Embas- j sador, when I was in Paris, in attendance upon the j Conr , invariably appeared in the Turkish costume, asovereign, bis head remained covered by his fez in therecent instructions.Our new Mi aister, an officer of superior rank, coming directlyfrom the Government, ignores tbe spirit of the new instructions and what had been done under them, adopts a course directy op- posite to that which had been pursued, and restores the usage which had been abolished.It would hardly be supposed thnt two persons charged by their Government to "execute its wiaheB, acting under precisely tho same instructions, could, with a due regard to their true iutent and meaning, which is held to he a first duty, adopt a course so directly, if not absurdly, in contrast, without any change of cir- cumstances whatever to lead to it.tention in prifion—a« it did not appear that the enda of ju*tic«could bo subverted by any further action' in reference to them.Their liberation saved the county $9,039 40—of which $ 4 12b' 80would have been required to be paid as costB for ignoring theirbins, at $ 3 80 for each case, and #4,912 60, which] their foodwould have cost, had they remained in prison till the coinmonce- slipped round freely, and the engine stood still. yet undecided. In 57 cases the wives were the plain-mentof tho term of Court for trial*" , ' When it turned on, the drivers instantly stopped t.iffB, and in 14 the husband; tbat is, the dissatisfiedMore than all this. After a convict is charged slipping and took hold of the rails with astonishing wives are to the dissatisfied husbands as foar to one.from prison, Mr. Mullen takes him in hajod, finds tenacity. Engineers looking on were loud in their Our divorce law permits divorce for habitual intemper-him a home and employment away from temptation, admiration, and referred to various times when the ance,, extreme cruelty, desertion, and adultery; ,the»Jigs, " •theep,yowl?, & dozen X&s> *• dozen"•. '.Those who proscribe Sherman for opinion's sake,declare with equal emphasis that no " Black peared in the «ostume of an European gentleman, andThe lint includes 71 divorce f»uits, of which 23 havo been decided . in favor of the plaintiff, and 48 are as.Republican" shall administer the Presidential office.Allow Sherman to be driven from the canvass for quette in privatel'ife; representing anj independentvanother candidate under a threat, these fire-eaters-would demand that Chase resign the Presidencyar.d p*ui.it B^Il to occupy the Executive Chair, onpain of a din*olutfon of the Union. He who doesnot see that to yield one hair's breadth to the ex- pute ? 1will only add thut it becomep, most of ail, anlarge enough to relieve it altogether, as the numbermas. We have had a great number of b^Us, parties, fairs, festivals, and shows, and a number are yet to-actiors or the menac-s of the negro propagandist* will only provoke still greater insults, has super- ficially studied the policy and tactics of the Disunion Democracy.American representative to individualize his country and himself by not imitating ^when nobody expects him to do no) the gaudy and ridiculous fashions adopted by monarchical Courts as to costumes more becoming play-actors than .Republican functionaries, who are sent abroad not for parade or show, but for public b u s i n e s s , a n d w h o w o u l d a p p e a r b e t t e r a n d m o r e r e - spectable in the simple garb of an American citizen.(Signed)I have the lienor to be, &c,• HENRY S. SANFORD.T h e D e m o c r a t i c p a r t y a s a w h o l e , a n d e s p e c i a l l ythe Southern section of it, have conquered mainlythrough force of will, inflexibility of purpose. tions of /June 1, 1853. Some of them consult theirsome mileK below the city, is now engaged in con- v e r t i n g s i x h u g e b u l l o c k s " i n t o p r i z e c a t t l e . T h e s e . animals came from Indiana, are 7 to 9 yoars old, and have been undergoing the stuffing process forgood thing, it will save'millions of dollars for Ameri- c a n r a i l r o a d s .distinctive ieature of which was tha fez or red cap,which modern locomotive monsters are known to occasion. The trials witnessed were remarkable. When the magnetism was turned off the wheels theyone divorce suit commenced this year has as yet been decided adversely to the applicant.which he wore before the Sultan. Ordinarily he ap- al»ajs removed his lint according to the rules of eti-•Saimou ^bbl.*Tea, avera»e quality, f IT. .Tobacco. <f' Cb....... ••• -Ship oarpentera'wasr^* V"Water, $ bb!: Recruita at Honolulu p; veaael. At- HAkoria';-. e •cotton goods, porcel*"^Japaaeoe ofliceta. Kxca; >Ctpar.' . FRCorreapondence of TiWhen I last wrote •ed unconditional r-en to return to Sono.'V "had repiiod by KIVJOJ-tion to the ticii<r-.a •their determination i •Capt. R. S. Ewe!.. ;iived from the line'i*vottr Government' those brought b_\ leonest of Capt.' 1 'ot negotibticns marked•Therefore, Capt. Et o the Governor, an< .day. On the 17th n •was pre'umtd to >>efiition) to the eti'ec^ t • tab>ea in HermOe ih -had brought with nion thr way down, a "Ewell thai their r •I s epect«&d—a cucuia-« «ven its mention dui•di^tely on the receip I t e r , h i c o m p a n y w i t • pointtd by Ca.pt. Fo•with the demand threturned to Capt. «i , him to the line, und St. Atury'8. The Gi'xwreltable account* 'jEwell a mule, ax.dH<irmosillo, but couinentof such c?>t*» •.be furnished, am: n ,"VicecCcn^u"l took Itand immediately which waa the aslo:e, fully :?ru •3-i>oais, contauung aV :fromthechip,bittf -decign was aoantioi ^permitted to laiui ax.'-dd to the veetel. On the morningPosted by Captain ^.ns toreport-tl.cm^receivetheirpa**J •bombardment, to c< r The St. Mary ^ i by a hea^y ttraln i .-wonld have haaU ,broadside to the' vi tide leaving her : ;interrupted tlie ex "terward. in accot< oruor, the commt-i: or rather the timean. of the next di jnand wttn accede*In the exciteme ing of. the town, r •Gnaymas visit* d porte. It in a ver two native-born rewear to theit uat •doubt Could ei*:;-r emphatically di-?cj <ant*, a:-.^ the pi-ot ihave atforded wai ican -tfho sought bombardment..Privateraulio'- •contcmptibl* \vh» ficer—was much minded. coUrsv. o official document •fants for assutMI^; Several nattc-a •ceived aboard, ai a port whew Am the waat of protethe Speakership by such threats and conspiracies, presence of the Emperor. Himself a Christian Molda-v The more natural conclusion would he that both had actedaad the Republicans might as well abandon the Presidential campaign to their foes. It is no reply t o this argument to say that the Catalines in the House tell us we may elect Gov. Pennington or:G*v. Corwin. Not stopp ng to spurn this per-mission to exercise one's own rights, nor to canvassthe probabilities of deieat on a change of candi- i dates, we wOl suppose that Gov. Chase of Ohio should be elected President, and Gov. Bell of Ten- nessee Vice President this year. Encouraged by the withdrawal of Sherman, and the substitution ofvian, if ruler of that Principality, owing qualified al-legiance to Turkey, and appearing at the Court atStainboul, would have been obliged to conform to theTurkish regulations as to cosf<nme, but solely becauseof his. owing such allegiance. This rule obtainswith regard to all civilized nations. How absurdand intuiting it would be for our Government to at-tempt to prescribe particular costumes to foreign dip-lomatic agents at Washington, either as to color, orfashion, or decoration ! On the contrary, the practice way of removing the inconveniences to the public service (sucu of dollars of the public money.Ilsarathere is no^-'-**£>'piandthewishesofthe Governmentareleftinfulrforceasarule kr its agents, without qualification.. '$>In thin * W i bave considered It my duty to bo governed by the instructions, and have, consequently, on the numerous occa- sions in which I have since been called upon to appeir at Court presented myself in tbe dress recommended by tbe Department.In m y dispatoh to you of the 18th August last (No. 24), I informed dispatch above mentioned, relating to the subject of you of my interview with tho Minister of foreign Afi'aira, on whioh occasion, as an act of courtesy to his Government, I com- diplomatic uniform. ' ' municated to him the change which I intended to'make, in com- pliance with tho new instructions from from my Government {which had been published in The Union newspaper aa having been communicated to it from the State Department, and hadvour attention to a letter from mo to the Department, dated Paris, January 22,185-1, resigning my position at the United States Legation, to the reply of Mr. Marcy. dated February 18,1854. and to my rejoinder,f t * EHWLAflfELPHiA^^ran.21, I860,A paragraph^mong the foreign news by a late plainly that our Chicago nominee, even if ele<Kei debts and nominal assets:You will notiie that my course conformed strictly to the letter of the instructions and manifest wishes of the then Administration expressed therein. Mr. Mason,distinguished Quaker preacher and.philanthropist,well known hy his extensive travels in this country,some years ago, for the purpose of visiting ^ i emeetings of^the Society to which he belonged. The solution forlrach a atfuse was all bosh. Still, when,Wm . R. Wad-wortii* Gabriel Scbeier*... Samuel W . Creigb.*..;.. Samn^llOni'Bura*John Penycock*i....... John C. More* Frederick Pearkes........ David CobcTi*John Pitcher JohnK.WOis'>;dward &. C«xmonw.... Chwleo F. BumsIsaac A. Ken Key"Joneph JE. JN uttjugJohr. B. Taylor-"John HaitiugH*... lLliiba S. Peck '.. Joseph L. v./ ilsOn....... Jacob Odcll*....Renben How««James C. Adanis.......• Henry MoiseJanieB I>. Morrhion*.... Win. Galloway*Wm. G. Keye»* Nath-.niel P. Scwcll*... Jtone« H. Gag»-r*: Ornon A. Reynold**.... H amn Bannett* UnderhiU Van Wagner. Peter H. Weller*John C. CUana" ThomasN. Wand*...... Aujrue Gillix*. Abraxn WelchJean Don'*.Wm. Canto.. Leander Beauchamp. SamnelP. Bowmei' KJiaa Green berg* John Kerry*Russell -Card*George 8. HankelJ*J oel S. JOBBCIJ n* George W . Jocselyn.... John PexfhbakrrH. A l l e n F o x '. Minna Kerinrbi Bernardo Heringhi Patrick H. O w e m Thoroan BranPatrick J. CaairfngTotal, 59 insolvents5?*?11,000 1,928 1,968 3,2004.359 24,191 1,5002,425 1,400 22,000 600 15,541 4,000 3,00020,615 12,000 W,0004.20034/<S241,400 1,843 800 8,76ft 20,000 1,0714,221 48,000 1,5001.1*9 5,00021,47218,000 24,000 5.370 7,441360 30,731 4991,250: 2,308 7,500- 3,611 3,27231,469 30012,92346,000 4,523 1,200$703,785thus become a matter of public notoriety and general comment), •really BOmore the cause of this raid upon him the late Minister, on his arrival at Paris, after expr*Bflug my convictionthat the French Government wouldday, who declared that ho totally dissented from much that Mr. Mayhard had uttered, and that dis-than is the Koran. It is a mere subterfuge anl pretense. The Disunion Democracy of the South, by keeping the House in a state of perpetual chaos, axe taking the first step toward breaking up the Confederacy. Their Northern allies, anxious to, prevent an exposure of the rottenness of the Administration, follow their lead. Bothand authoritatively that no intimation by the ' French. •osspiracy against the rights of a virtual majority Court, nor any "wish indicated by it to Mr. Mason,latter was a brother of the well-known banker^ Samuel Gurney^ his sister was the celebrated Elizabeth Fry, #nd his widow is a native of Penn-the company separated, there was a high old time between different groups of disputants. Hot words were freely bandied, but they dM finally dispersehave combined to defeat the enemies ofDisunion and corruption in the person oJoin Sherman. For thw purpose aome foily orfifty members have pledged themselves to eachother to resist his election, by all means, and foran indefinite period of time. The avowal of this correspondence cited, that I was assured positivelyTRESTON, Jan. 20, 1860. Our Legislature, now in possession of the Disun-presenting his credentials to the Emperor in the *citizen's dress indicated by the instructions, and having his audience of the Empress in the same simple cos- tume, on both which occasions I accompanied him, sub- sequently concluded to adopt a coat embroidered with tilt tinsel, a sword and cocked hat, the invention of a Dutch tailor in Paris, borrowed chiefly from the livery of a subordinate attache of Legation of one of thepetty powers of the Continent.Mortified and indignant at this course, I declined at-tending with him the ball at which he first figured in this toggery, and insomuch as this act presented me to the FTehch*Court (as I Hta-jed in my first letter above mentioned to the Department) in the attitude of not being sustained by my Government in carrying out itssee in this change nothing which could indicate the least disre- spect, nor anything incompatible with the liveliest visiles to cultivate tbe most friendly relations, but »imply the desire of my Government to return to its ancient and appropriate usages, which were established, in fact, by the distinguishedindividual, the first diplomatic representative near the French Government, and were marked by the approbation of the Court of tho Tuil- eries.I also stated to you that the Minister received my remarks in a friendly and cordial manner, and replied in suDstance, that this could not injuriously au'ect our relations; and that, acting tbuy in conformity with tho wishes and instructions of my Government and its usages, could Dot be a subject of complaint.In continuation, 1 advised you ol my first appeaiance at Court in the <lre«s of an American citizen, on which occasion the Bmperor received me with marked attention, which, with the friendly tenor of bis conversation, confirmed me in my mind tbe impres- sion made by his Minister that no objection would or could be made, anc that none wn» felt.I have since followed this usage on all occasions, whether of a festive or more formal official character, and have had no (eaaon to doubt the proprioty or the expediency of this courts, but the contrary. .Mr. Mason having informed me that it was his determination, after presenting his letters of credence, to appear at C»urt in a uniform, renders my further official intercourse with the Court impracticable, unless 1 return to the regulation, which, by your circular, is withdrawn, and (what I may be permitted to say ia also of some weuiht) conveys the apparent disapprobation of the!availed nothing to lessen her infatuation.. Friends <yConor's book was fit to be Speaker of the House ; partment without modifiV-ation. My seven years' exj ly the uame course as he has adopted.^ Without withdrawing and relatives who were called in to plead with herraser Cl*rk ast. George Washington Clark; Mary Onxubyagt. Joh^nOrm»Dby;LncyAl.Laddagt.JohnLLLadd;HonoraSarah. Swords agt. John SVorda; Josiah La»k agt. Laura Adalin« I^aek; Mury A. Sheldon agt. James A, Sheldon; Mary Kelson agt. Da- vid Nelson; Elizabeth P. liollowell agt. S>unael L. Hullowell; Phebe A. Kendall agt. Thomas Kendall; Louisa M. Whaitea a<t_ Edward P. Whaites; Nancy Ann Neville agt. Joseph N. Neville t Lucy Gerholdt agt. Charles Gerholdt; Margaret Johnson* agt- Wm. Henry Johnson; Patrick rJoonan agt. MaryNoousui; Mary Metein act. Geoige Metein; Mary Guurkeragt. Wm. Gooricerr MaryNoblett agt. Robert Nobiett; Abbey Kirk,agt. K<Wrar<i Kirk; Md>Y Ann Piersonagt. Joseph Pierson; John P. Vaiider- looy azt_ Elizabeth J. Vanderlooy; Margaret Bering agt. John H. Baring; MariaUlrich agt. Chailea li. Ulrich; Samuel Cam- dufl'ngt. Moxy A- Carnduff; Anna P. Paviaagt. Richard B. Di ivis- Elizabeth Carkeek agt. Morgan Carkeek;* Bridget Riddle *r£and, after a factious opposition of six weeks, fortyo r fifty Kepubbcans had openly avowed that theyhad signed a pledge that be never should be elected:Does anybody doubt that the Democracy wouldrperience in diplomatic services abroad, and considera- ble subsequent reflection upon this subject, have con- vinced me that it is one of. no slight importance, and has confirmed the judgment I formed when, in August, 1853, I, as Chargo d'Aflinres, first appeared at the Tnileries in citizen's clothes, in accordance with, thenew instructions.The true rule unquestionably is that the Ministerrepresenting his State or sovereign is properly appar- eled when he appears before the Court to which ne is accrf dited in the costume of gentlemen of his country paying their respects to their Chief Magistrate, unless" the regulations of bis own country prescribe a diplo- matic uiiiform. This costume or uniform,, by most ofV' iscret"from your successor the discretion'which was given to yon, and'7<requiring him to make your example the rule of his conduct, the Department could not have effectually guarded against the oc-currence which seems to he offensive to you..Though I have been constrained by a sense of doty to removean erroneous impression embodied in the letter tendering your resignation to the President, 1 deem it fit and proper at the same time to say, that your course of official conduct, particularly in tbe matter referred to, is approved and commended, and it is a source of rciret that any orour Ministers representing their coun- try abroad, kavo found themselves so situated that tney have feltobliged by considerations connected with the public interest to take a somewhat different course. In this respect they have; a discretion, and tho Department is not disposed to say that it iyu not been properly exercised. ,J am, Six, respectfully your obedient servant,made no sti-onger impression; and, leaving he,r children without shedding a tear, this infatuated being abandoned as admirable a home as woman ever inhabited, and left England for the'Oontinent in company with her seducer. The letters referred to speak of this sad event as having produced an extraordinary sensation in England, where the Gurney family has long been universally known and loved. In this country, also, where their virtuesare as highly appreciated oy a very extensive circle, these particulars will be read with equal astonish- ment and grief.Xiet me ask attention from your good Samaritansto the.operations of our Society for Alleviating theweight. Yet the driving-wheels only were magnet- j t. John M. Crowell; Win. Byroe agt. 5>roh Bj exceed belief. Within that period he has keen the Mohave spurned this attempt at coercion, and would ~bave told the conspirators to their teeth that they would adhere to Orr till he was elected, or the sun •of tho last day of Congress went down on the untia-mbed straggle ?If this attempt at coercion is not resisted, whereiwill it end? It Mr. Sherman is not fit to be the monarchical powers ol" Europe, great and petty, is regarded as the livery of their own Court, indicatingPARIS, March 12,1854. Hon. W x . L . MAUCY, Secretary of State:their allegiance to their State, or the service they oweUnited States ought not to have, as it has not, any na- clficial conduct. ' ~ .Speaker because he signed the circular in queston,important <-x>mrnittee; and if not fit to he on eom- tional livery for its diplomatic agents, nor would it be- I have also to thank you for your desire to remove from my whose astonishing labors for. the past' year almostas they were) which had thus been raised- 1 had not the remot-. is that all such agents appear at the White House on e«t intention of expiessing any dissatisfaction with the Govern-official occasions in the costume of their own Courts. ment personal to myself. 1 had no such feeling.The obligations of the trust confided to me, whieh look only to the public interest, seemed to require of me to place before you all the circumstances, as it is you who have to deal with them.My wish to do this, and in the fewest words possible, should not, I think, have subjected me to tho suggestion that I could have wUhed to deprive my successor of the discretion given to me, and stiU lew, that he should mike my example the rule of his conduct.leaves me at liberty to add.to jour own my entire approbation of it, drawn from pructical experience of its operation, both in my public and private Intercourse, and, at the same time, m y regre't that it should ever sgain have been departed from.and made proof against damp. Each end of thehelix is supported by the engine, and through it the general. No amount of effort'*'or expenditure is wheel plays, the helix being curved to the shape ofThis :s the universally nndenied rulerequired is, that they observe in such particular the name respect to the Chief Magistrate of the country as they pay to their own. The recent course of "Mr. Ward, in accordance with the precedent set by Lord Amherst, and other British functionaries sent to China, in refusing to perform the Ko-Tow before the Emperor at Pekin. is an instance in p<>int.But why dilate upon a point as to which BOone who knows anything of the subject has ever made any dis-is true that much of this extraordinary destitution is the creation of tho rumshops, but much also springs from the palsy of public industry by the wholesale flood of foreign fabrics invited into the country by the powers that be, to the destruction of home labor.vided, not necessary te describe.At first sight tho invention appears to be quite a suc- cessful one. It, has been applied to endues on the Central Railroad, ana performs admirably, an en- gine weighing 21 tuns doing a« much work "as one ofAll that can bethe wheel, and fitting up within half an inch of it. out of work is enormous. Our great Union Benevo- A wire connects the outside of one coil with the lent Association is run down with applications for inside of another. The helixes are connected to aSome of our Ministers abroad conform to the instruc-When Toombs hurled at the Republicans in the individual notions as to the kind of dress most becom- Dr. Howe, in 1857 or. 1858, stating that he learned weighing an average of 3,000 pounds, and will beSenate the indolent taunt M We will subdue you."' ing themselves personally. One, to my knowledge, from Mr. Forbes that Brown was about to make-A made to reach 4,000 before they die. But thoughFrom Our Own Corresponds.SAN FHANCISCO, Dec. 23, jL85i>.has the constellation of our Confederacy embroidered raid into some of the Southern Stutea for tho purpose of he uttered something more than a menace. He de- in thirty-odd emblematic stars on tho collar of his coat;these performances look well on paper, and read so-" The utate of the Treasury will occupy a promioont plaoe i a The weather is cloudy. thiBmorning, and we expect tbe Governor's Me«»af*-. The debt ol the State, Jan.1 1859another adopted the uniform of the United States liberating slaves, and*that he would us*; money fur- norously in print, yet it is notorious that they do 4need a prophecy for the future from the history Army, another, that «f .a Municipal Councillor of nished him hv parties m Massachusetts for hid Kansas not ppy. Many years ago, tho same island was de-to have rain within twenty-four hours.The Administration paper* are discussing the iiueBlioawas 8-4,04»,48:> 63—iif which >fcUa,485 was unprovided ,for' The annual interest on t i e funded debt waa $273,1*0. T h ^ Governor will again recommend the assumption and' funding of( • : : •of the past. The Slavery Extensionists did " sub-doe ** the free spirit of the North in the admission broiderv; cne functionary had all his buttons fashionedwork to aid Gim in his new project; and that in his(Wilson's) opinion it was madness in Brown to attemptsuch a thing, ar>d that he (Uowe) must. Withdraw allmeans furnished or intended to be furnished him fur mous beeves, but they actually ate-up his wholei#f Missouri and the annexation of Texas; in the repudiation of the Wilmot Proviso in 1850, and the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill four yearsafter the national shield, with spread-eagle attach- ments, and 1 hear of another propo«ing to have a gor- geous suit manufactured out of the star-spangled ban- ner. JSOW, Sir, imagine the spectacle of. these Ameri- can representatives of divers fancies and taete-s assem-fervices in Kansas, if they were, to be misapplied in the manner indicated by Forbes.farm of 400 acres. The business of raising prize cattle ruined him outright.4' "Who shall be our next TJ. S. Senator 7'' The majori- ever $ 100,000 in tloating claim* »e«m>t the Swate, wbioh «XOUM- doubted obligation*, and mut.t b« pnid. Tbe«e ytft unaudited ty appear to be in favor of Gov. Weller. It issaid that debtc, added to tbo amount heretofore recognrsed but.not pro- vided lor, will leave,a debt of Rome *250,000 which tho Legial*- Latham, Governor elect, in working for Denver. tmokcofiod upon to add to the •reaent funded debt, and willA mock duel with pistols was fought near Shasta on increase its aggregate to £4,150,(xaM ' ' .Paris, viz: a block velvet dress, with rich sirk eni-voted to the fattening of mammoth cattle. The then proprietor astonished the world with his enor-One of our citizens has just invented a capital later;iotheratificationoftheKansascrimesby bledtogether!Nothing,saveafancyballat,Musard's, lettertoBrown,informingthelatterthatthearmsand substitutefortheclumsyandimperfect Post-Office the election of Buchanan, and in the success of that or a burlesque lst-of-April parade of eccentric tatter- money which had been famished him for tho protec- stamp. He discards ink altogether, by -terming histhe 21st inst. between Marquis Levi anaG.K. God- frey. Thelatterwastricked,butafterthepistolswere fired tho first time he rr.n at Levi to thrash biui with hit lists. Levi lied, and tumbled over a bank or preci- pice, and was severely injured. Tbe joko didnotprovo BO funny as was expected.The celebrated "Vallejo line," which was decided bytheUnitedStatesLandCommissionerstohavebeeu the'southern limit of the puebio of Yerba Uueua (where San Franciecb now is), under the Mexican law, has re- ceived a new explanation lately? Gumeeindo Flore*, who was administrator of the pueblo in 18;J5, has lately made a deposition in the ease of Leese agt. Clark, in which he nays that the " Vallejo line" was run merely to separate the pasture grounds of the fort or Presidioculmination of villainies, the Lecoinptoo-Englwh demnlionsj would equal it. Is it just to this country, tion of the settlers of Kaunas, would be withdrawn in letters of small, sharp points. A slight pressure oil its institutions, and p«opl*, that they be thua represent- consequence of the revelations mule by Forbes throughshould be paid as soon an the value of their deposits ia ascertained. The result is that two-thirds of our gold?" is sent away uncoiled. A-scientific German miuer, lately arrived from Washoe assures mo th*3 $10,000,- 000 or $12,000,000 will be extracted there during the- comingyearfromtheveinsalreadyopenedandknown. to be neb. This silver must come to San Francisco. Shall it-, like the gold be sent away uncoined? If not, tbe mint must be enlarged. Hitherto, little 6ihrer ha*» been produced in the American territory,. and with. » comparatively tmall silver coinage we bave^ been, bothered by a great amount of foreign corns in circala— tion, two of which, the 3fexican anu Spanish real And medio, known indifferent parts of the umoaaeshilHug and SLX-JKUCC, levy and tip, bit and picayune, have seriously interfered: with the dominion of the dime ax d. half-dime. .Four men who went out sailing upon the bay ma. mall boat on the 18th list., and have not since been,bilL Shall this tide of Pro-Slavery victories flow ee ? If our Ministers must be bedecked and bedizonod WilsoD; tbat Brown became enraged and abandoned the envelope makes a cl«:ar and readable mark, notnnknists in the House have cutered into a co?enant to nullify the will of the majority* Let that ma- jority take a Tennis-Court oath that they wiU con- quer. Said that acute observer, Riohard Cobden ** Your Republican party lacks pluck." Let its representatives at the Capitol prove that Corn lawrepealer was mistaken in his estimate of thei courage and fidelity.*—:—THE DIPLOMATIC COSTUKE* QUESTION'.Correspondence ot The N. Y. Tribal**.WASHINGTON, Jan. 21, 1860.enpt used to have been drowned. Their names were as-SJX: I b*\« the honor t;wsnd«ir to tb« Frfxridoct, throngh yon,A menagerie of California animals, including a num- rooms similarly furnished with water. There are clipper-whip Golden Fleece, bound for your port.Agenta of the United 8tata», withdraw the previous XMulation* on the subject of diplomatic uniform, and exprean in clear and attong term* the v*ish*.s of ths» Government' tbat Ha agenta should thereafter return to tae anoHtentatlduM and- simple course of the early period of the Kepablip. and appear at tho Courtflto which they are accredited in the plain dress of an American clti- zen, Hawaii formerly the-custom abroad, and which has never been departed from at homo.FROM PHILAlrfsLPMA.flaor to all the «ppcr stories' without the labor of When used -to catch *old, every cone is filled jwhhtbority, it i» in effect,'so far a* <•-!< subject* are concerned, not on r topon that I«iand. but a uaarpaiioi;«ame cbaracter of thaw altored *& tiee, wnich be pro£aa«edto oe »e aal of the fondamenfal principV geefna of our institution*, which everywhere, and at all time*,' be f Not oeHevhigit powriblethatth«»'have antborized or contemplated c*Hoo (amotig other tmng»> pn ' asking its abrogation, haa be«n io"Immediately uponUs«rn\r.z ence to tbe occupancy of the I»:« were ureed to reapect tbw tl?ncowrMthooscht proper, in ca^e c latter, augaeated and its a^opt: well-koown intelligence of otw o Civil),iti«hopednocolUaion ?o -will occ&r. That,uuoer M»y/«* l»land ia ou»« ia'xegardea aa heyIta finaLaurrender are enterta.ne aiecefc**'? <<«*** preatrvation-o* Tit* of tbe Territory, pendirt? t fuQy aobmitted to j <?ur aupen rW e bave dates from Pd inut., Gov. Whiteaker, a odoneeted by a petition feigr.ei <Ctty and vicinity to appoin «J»y of Thankpgiving, ref?»t^rumblirg on tue subject t't the interests of theDenrc now in &p^rilcuspositioi.'i xemedy tfie error, even tl followingBe it known tbat, in eonforuw •reeua of Oreg'n, I COappoir;: >.d ^«iy of December, 1859, aa a d-iyjirg, to be observed throughout good citizena thereof may d<-« ra Giv<Hi under my hand a-; EO^By-ber.lt55.The Oregonians," ino •they have more' cause u -Congrefes than to be thankidence. The refusal of the war debt has hurt the •OregoDiana very sever*;;.*, give about one-tenth of tHinentNof the remainder. J man & Co. of New-Yor-: i State, collecting the ?cr> p• with the understanding t tn*ed for getting the bill, thW e have dates from S ic iiewa from the Fraser rmn The first cargo of Britii for a foreign port co{isirt<•wood and 50 barrels of. couple of weeks since ;n ixninster for San-Franc:retThe British ship Gon:e in Hoeda Canal, nna b^e The British fti^te i^fvr Panama via Ma/at .J: to smuggle silver. It i British war-ships are oi Hero, 91; Topaz, 50; A Clio (screw), 22. Ther there already; so, wu<nine.W e have dates from rHonolulu correspondent" Since my laat, tbe n:a?t busy procanng recruit*, si.i* count*, preparatory to le*^ omieing, eitner to the ^ev/ '•tte bay a on the coast of Low "Allthe whAlera ire :nWailna. Conaid«rable &n.y. theFaitb, which waa knowr Iht arriral of the Delaware •whereaboota and safety of c the fiftiethpaaeaae, and w a , ofiBcern and crew had pro'*** and the Delaware, tberefon aw ey, .after getting throu?h «T»lii*&l>Vy, where "Hetr 17,000 lba. of br.fie to the U a n d 4<XJ b b l a . o f o i l t o t b i > h" T h e m e r c h a n t »lrip<" Ida Teadyforfailing,orhav^aa Bhering. loaded for Nt-w-Ui ^lon, from here; tho VVUIe!from Hiio."There haa been ccr.-iithe but week or two a •hip Ionia, of New-fi* vrneta, Meaara. D. C. charge of the maater, csE.»ip tor tbe present, pe; dl Zti«reportedtbatthejor.-u, and, previoua to hie d*~-f-a awtne of the South America•from tbe owners. Inatfia ether port than the on* 3Hebaabeencontinuiis'.hi and fiiia'ly turnea up bt eRefitted in the old niani.'-rr there before a power of itt< there from'bere;' but hapti* ashore, while he was a •••it tie Harsbal. with oii' o; th<Silt: 1 have received and submitted to the President your letter of the 22d January, tenderingyonr resignation as Secretary of Legation at Paris, and desiring permission to leave your post. He han instructed mo to inform you that he has complied with your request, and a successor will soon be appointed tt>take your place. If theTo is any consideration that would make it agreea- ble to you to retire from your situation before your mic^exxor is ready to enter upon the duties ot it, you have his permission toY*>u have presented tho circumRtances which led to your re«ig- nation in a light such as to convey the impression, perhaps un- intentionally, that yon have cause of complaint againut your Government, hut you aliudc to no act on its part to sustain suchan inference.You must have had all necessary assuranco that the course yonpursued under the instructions of the 1st June, 1853, met with its approbation, for you had oommunicatea to this Department the particulars of that coureo, and had not in any W:ij or form re- ceived the slightest intimation that it was not dec ned here a reasonable and proper .compliance with these instructions.I cannot perceive how any one can fairly infer that the deter- initiation of Mr. Mason, acting under the same instructions which you did, and none other, to appear on some occasional in whut is called a Court dress, or in uniform, " conveys the apparent diuap- " probation of the Government" of _3,08250,000 400$206,686;(Signed)W. L. MARCY.Wm. L. Riddle; ApoUeno Meunier agt. Paul E.^feunierTi Aa- gnsteC.Tcitmanagt.Sophie Teitman;* Margaret MollaU agt Archibald Moffatt: Nathaniel Rlackstone agt. Josephine B lack- stcne;* Ellen Walsh agt. Wm. Waleh; Marcus Hario«\agt- Eliza Horloe ;* Mary Etheredge agt. John Etheredge; Harriet L.Tom agt. James Tom;* Frederika Ditcbenbergagt.'T~ Ditchenberg; Mary S. Fither air. F. W . Fiaher; Mary]SIK—I have tho honor to acknowledge the receipt of your let- ter of tne 18th February, accepting my resignation, and cony«y-Miseries of Public Prisons. For six years bast they gine .was equal to what would have been necessary agt. David Nelson; John N. Hovey agt. Hannah C. H< „ihen he is not, for the same reason, fit to be on any a8subjv.ci8 to .their matters. The confederacy of the ing to me in terms highly gratiiying the commendation of my have employed an agent, Mr. William J . Mullen, to slip them if the engine had been loaded with a Sarah Karr.p0Rt. Elias Karop; Theresa Newbext a*t- John«ei cut*ide and brought u«1- commander, ''apt. P.u»^.4,~ The Polynesian tri>mind any cause of complaint against the Government, and I re- come its free citizens. Not only is the rule admitted gret thit you should have thought there was any oocasiou forcapriciously and without in*truotlonn, or el»»i that the inferiorELOPEMENTIN PRISON-—POVERTY AG.AIN—JfOLL^F QF F A TfOF MRS.GURNET—ASAMARITANsylvania.familiar to thousands in this country, who will bemteiested in hearing some particulars of the do-mestic desolation so hastily dispatched in the foreignsummary. Letters received here by the last steamerhave been shown to me, which furnish full • particu-lars of the case. The fugitive wife was the only ion Democracy, have been carrying things with a chiid of Richard Gurney, M. P., a cousin of Jo- high hand since the session commenced. Tne De-The'family name and character are thusA young rxan whose name is Taylor, had beenhighly recommended to Mr.. Gurney as a groom orfootman, to take charge of Mrs. Gurhey's horses,as she was excessively ibnd of equestrian exercise, cision given. The Court of Chancery is dead, andThose in the above list whose names are marked •wjih afcleriakB have been discharged from their debt*. Of nil those 59 insolvents, about a dozen have beext tried on charges of defrauding their creditors, and but one (D. M. Eder) was convicted.Our laws are extremely favorable to debtors,. There is no imprisonment for debt, unless fraudulent; every family is entitled to a homestead worth $5,000, and the deed of sale by the husband is not voidable, but absolutely void; and every debtor who applies for relief in insolvency, with an affidavit that he is uaabla to pay bit debts, is absolutely released from those debts on giving up his property.The following.is a list of the divorce suits commenc- ed during the currentyeai in San Francisco:artba E. Soule agt. Edwin R. Boole-"* CatharU* Broe that the diplomatic uniform is the costume of the em- doing so. . instrument for liberating from prison no less than ized. The apparatus which accomplishes this cu- Henry Brodt;* Eliza Hanrahan agt. Daafol H. HaoaUava;able o l the exurrem \- anttee*, he is not fit to be a member of the iiouree.And thirty of his colleagues are in a like condemna- bassador's own country but the reason for such rule i8 In my letter of thr 22d of January 1 stated that a recent occur- .1,159 persons, at the cost of but $47 23, which rious result is light, simple and cheap, not likely to San/ord apt. Mary Sanford; Sarah E. Blaadell agt. NieWlrence'Tenders my further official intercourse with tbe Court Bloedell: JaneNuell agt. Horace Nuel);* Ello» 8*n*lsSxi tion. Hasitneveroccurredtohonorablemen thatthedress?oprescribedbyhissovereignorgov-."impracticable,"&ciforthereason,withother*alludedto^that werepaidtotheDistrict-Attorney,andtomagis- getoutoforder,andcanbeattachedtoanynewor JamesSinclair;*JaneE.Lowagt.TalbotH.Low;BmmaAVS- that these thirty members might refuse to commit eminent indicatesthe independence of that State. The thecccurrcr.ee "conveyed the apparent disapprobation orjt doctrine of exterritoriality as to foreign Ministers re- " Government," Sic- Whether or not tho Court vas warranted'old engine. It will enable light engines to draw terman agt. Solomon Ws:-}rm<m; Trederika Then«rkadnagt.lieeded by whaling ves*CV"ooo\^r*cord...C/Oal, ^P" ton ••••• • rPotatoea, & bbl.. ^... • iotit-Jt-a, bweet, -I* cbl iFigar, ^ lb.......•» Hour, «£*'tt>i J u c k w h e s t , & t o •BetillH, %>!!>... ••• Carrow, turnips, ou-o!i» -JJuilock, average ^J> heathe suicidal act«f allowing Sherman to be with- biding " near" a Court is the result of "the same princi- in that conclusion, yon will not fail to perceive thit if such an impression prevailed, it would be; in some measure, an obstacleloads as great as much heavier ones do now, and toGeorpe Theuerkauf: Emily Smith agt. Jamea W . Smith; Eliza- beth Frnct agt. Andrew J. Fruet; Bridget Rourke agt. Jamea Rourke; George Theuerkaaf agt. Frederika Theoexaauf; Sarah,officer had misunderstood his Government and was disapproved or supplies him with a railroad ticket to take him to use of such an apparatus would have saved them same grounds as are recognized in most of the States.by it.However unfounded such an impression might be, I take theliberty to assure you that, such was the inference drawn (perhaps too willingly) by individuals connect* i with the French Gov- ernment, who«e opinions in that pt>rti<\nl;«r.i\r<; of some eoii>lder- ution, and who are accustomed'to regard a precedent deliberately accepted on'its part >y the Government us final.his distant friends, with clothing and a little pocket from sundry disasters from slippery rails.money. As Mr. Mullen's whole heart is 'evidently , ri he wheels are magnetised by the following simple in tbe work he has undertaken, the good he is doing contrivance: The front drivers are surrounded by a is beyond all calculation. In the six years of his coil of copper wire transversely, consisting of some agency he has liberated thousands of inuocent per- SCO turns, making a helix six inches high by threeThe greater number of our divorces is caused not by a> pecubarity in our law, but by the abundance of money which enables everybody to pay for the expenses of a divorce euit, and the fa -.iiity with which women<cari makifa living after dtvorro, and perhaps a looser 8tate> of BOeiety where the matrimonial bonds are not ob- served so itricily as elsewhere.SA.V FRA.VCISCO, Dec. 2G, 1S39. To-day (Monday) is being ob8erv«d here as Christ—The knowledge of this fact gave me occasion to allude to it as.one of the reasons w h y ! thought it best to renigu, a* the only sons unjustly ordered for trial, and saved thousands thick, all the wires being insulated from one anotherRealf testifies that Howe bent a copy of Wilson'sThe Sau Francisco mint is now kept in ahired build- ingentirelytoosmallforthepurpose,anditbaabeen- deprived of tbe bullion fund, with which depositorssmeared with ink, not liable to be erased. More pressure will produce a duplicate mark on the en- closure,thusfurnishinglegalproofofthe'dateofas a uwjorvi. Senator Wilson was notified to-day b y Senator Ma- mailing. Tliis plan ought to be adopted without I prav you to excuse any faults in this communica- son that Realf had alluded to him in his testimony, delay. Another juwty has produced a new patentby any fancy costume, it would be better that some his plan lor a while, but sometime subsequently pur-- on forever without successful resistance ? I* it nottimeitwererolledback? Canthereevercomea inventor<?,andthatthey.beallinstructedtowearit backwithhimseveralslaves.more opportune moment for doing it than now, andrespectable American tailor of taste be employed to sued some pro-slavery men into Missouri uud carried- on the pending issuwin the Representative*' Hull f tion, -which I write undor the pressure of preparationIf we permit ourselves to be "subdued" in this for my departure to-day for Sou.h America. I havefelt constrained, chiefly by public considerations, tooontest now raging there, the Presidential combat address you this before Mr. Faulkner leaves for planation as he pleases. I loam* that Wilson will ap- a slit on each end, thus making one plate supplyoense, let us subdue our foes. A victory on John zen, I confess I would be"gratified did his views con-The.statement in Ilia Herald, H, few <liys since,that in about a fortnight. It is the great tavern of Phil- now the limits of the City of San Francisco, was really Brown was a Qnukex when he first weut""to Kausau, rovenleen miles further south., and included ninety orSherman gives us a prestige of success in the Presi- cur with th<Jse I entertained r.nd put in practice, as itand notified Wil*ou he could be preeent on Monday novelty, an exceedingly good thing, and laughable and lead the testimony of Realf concerning his (Wil- for its simplicity. It is the common gold pen, withson's) correspondence with Howe, and make such ex-is more than half decided against us. Let ua copy Franco, trusting that reflection .upon it may induce to peal- aid htate what he knows about the matter. two pens, and better still it is sold at the: same pricethe policy of our enemies. Let us resolve to con- the carrying out the instructions of June 1, 1853, more B. B. JSewton, a member of the National Kansas as the single pen, tku3 practically reducing the from those of the ;mission; that, after the seculari- in accordance with their spirit than has hitherto been Aid Committee, referred to in Amy's tortUmony, ar- price of the article one-half. zation of T.hemiseion, the line had no legal force what- quer by tenacity of wu*L In the parliamentary done. Apart from my feelings as an- American citi- rived here to-day, and will be the next witness"after Our great Continental Hotel in Chestnut street over; find that the true southern boundary of the pue- Roali and Wilson. will probably be opened for the reception of inmates blo of Yerba Buena, Instead of being within what arewould place me right at home and abroad, and withoutdential contest which nothing can r<;siyt. The Dls- c&bticg imputation upon the course which his lamented was incorrect;; but he wjiaa nou-rcsititant. adelphia, as much so to us now as the Astor was to a hundred square miles of land—not more than washeard of, though the boat was found bottom up, areThe distress among our poor continues great andwhich, on turning a handle in one direction oranother, the wheels are mngn- tieed, one or both, as structions to hoth the Minister and myself, a circninntance which stantly employed in serving out coal and wood. It may be desired. Various other accessories arc pro-more public meetings, exhibitions, and merry-makingsthan any other place of its sue in the Union. Unfor-tunately for our holiday festivities, but fortunately,for1our induB.rial interests, we have had rainy weatliecduriDg the last four dayg, 'It is universally admitted that John B. Weller willhave a'plurality, not a majority of votes, at the first bal- lot for U. S. Senator, but some doubts are expressed whether there will be an election. Most of the Ad- ministration papers have expressed their preferences, (the majority for Weller), but they have discussed th* question in an acrimonious spirit, and the consequence* is a very unfriendly feeling among the various Senato- r i a l c l i q u e s , s o t h a t p e r h a p s t h e y w i l l n o t b e a b l e to> agree in uniting upon any one.The Sacramento correspondent of Tlte Bulletin gives a summitry of Gov. Weiier'B forthcoming Message, The following is the only paragraph of interest in tnaj summary :I take no credit to myself for that example, for the reason that It did tot originate with me, but was pointed out by your in-aminers. No less than near TOO stoves are loanedTHE HARPER'S PERRY INVESTIGATION.Corespondence of The N. Y. Herald.W A S H I N G T O N , S a t u r d a y , J a n . 2 1 , 1 8 6 0 . 3Ir. Realf has hwn before the Senate Brown RjidThe owner of an island in the Delaware river, 36tuns. If proved by experience to be a reallyInvestigating Committeo to-dav.He testified that Senator Wilson wrote a letter, to nearly a year past. They are consters already,FROMCALIFORNIA.out among the poor, and four carts are kept con-Realf will not implicate auv members of the Repub you when first instituted. The furniture is now ofi^n granted to private individualslican party in New-England, although there are per going into some of the rooms, while others are re- The suit of Jacob P . Lee^e against Wm. H. Clark follows: Thomas Pearson, aged U0; Eugtme Ward.,predecessor, with bis different conviction of public duty, pursued.M»y I request that this letter be shown to Mr. Faulk- ner, and my public correspondence on this subject besubmitted to him.I have tbelionor to be, t c ,(Sl-ned) HENRY S. SANFORD.PAKIH, 224 J*nu4ry, lUo-i. llo«. WH. UA* L. MARCT, Secretary of State:in this town, with the following gentlemen as officers: royrer.jpiutionofthuoftic*ofS*orutttryoftbi»Legation,touko President,thelion.OtitfThacher;CorrespondingSecre-«fi«ct a* hooa an I can reooivo hi« pemiisidon to leeve my pont.i h*g yon at th*i MUI« time io ofl«r my »oknowled(U»ontH to bias tary,tbe Hon. C. D. Robinson; with five Vicc-Proai-for tb«s lawk* of bia confidence w» Known la confidlof; to me fo a period tht> charyi 0 r tbj» mbikion, uud ix» retaluixi« mo In my of- fice in Secretary Undor the new Minuter.I deem it my duty to utate briefly my resaoni for an appar-ently abrupt resolution to re*ign at a moment when It might beprawned that my lone experimce hero ou(fht to render roy Rer-visea particularly useful to tbe Minuter, and oonaequently to the the vote of Steuben up to the standard of 1856. Other engine will be constantly at work in the basement, three-eights of an inch thick, with twenty circular ' ing to be a functionary of Waahington Territory, to i»Uy***tv\\R who belong to other organizations who may be ceiving the finishing touches. Iteontains 530 rooms, and muny others for a tract of land 100 varaa wfcLs bvaged 16; John Mol'euhaur, (or Moleneux), aged 18; , and Mr. Rogers, formerly a porter with C A. Lowe «x- Co., No. 124Caliiorniat.ireet. ,It is reported that gold-beariw?quartz has been found,on Mount St. Helena, in Napa County, - . . - • .cli^htly compromised.KisroBiviCAN Cr.tfB.iN HOIINKIXSVIT/I.K.—A Repub-lican Club for the campaign of 18G0 has been formedso distributed, and arranged that every one is fully supplied with'light. Every possible convenience of modern architecture has been introduced in bound- less profusion. Of the chambers, 300 are supplied with hot and cold water, and there are 50 bath-of fire. The water tax for the building has been lu&vc UKed it. Tlic Alia California thus describe* the speaks as follows of the San Juan affair:dents, a Recording Secretary, and Treasurer. The Club is composed of tho most active and energetic Re- publicans, who intend to do their share toward briagingfixed at $1,000 the first year, and a meter will beinvention:44. It ie a plate of cast-iron, about a foot square and"Charged with tho duty o€'taUa« ©awthattu* law«b« Oith- fully executed' the lato order of (Jou. SJoott-directtog tho B»U> taiy commander on Sua Juan laland * to allowrno peraon. «Wm-A copy of -Che correspondence inclosed has been Government, which, there is reason to believe, wan under tho clubs are beirjg formed in tbat section of the State, and and will operate a sort of passenger railway or holes in it, the holes being two inches in diameter oa• with any Brittah inhject residing or happening t o W •»«*» 'WIW'-WM tome a matter of »• anudl •urpriao ttiMt"*" ^roulated privately in this city for a day or twoimpreMion that it would alu© be agreeable to me to remain. your instruction* of Juue J, lKtt, <uldies»i:d to tne Diplomatictho indications are encouraging.dumb-waiter for conveying boarders from the groundthe top aide of the plate, and not quite to large en theused to ascertain the annual consumption. A steamUntitled DocumenttJUWauajHWMtaiBBSBaSSThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069—•*•there is no tribunal to take'its place.»•from the Washington debating club, who told ushissed down by the audience, and then emphaticallyrebuked by Mr. McMichacl, the President of tbe Otto II. Jfliesagaes*iwithout coming to blows.•?THINGSINNEW-JERSEY.•• Correspondence of The N. Y . Tribune.bert; Pophla Frantz agt. Frfed "dead weight of eighteen tuns more than her own . jedrich Frantz; Miranda M.trates in special cases. j"," These wero all Court cases, and not committed for vagrancy,inebriety, or breach of the peace, which are more prpperly seeutoby the Inspector*. Their imprisonment, upon a! careful in- sand will be needed hereafter. Fewer engines will Ann Baldwin agt. Elian J. Balawin; Albert R. MeKoarid agt- veMtigotion, appearedto be wnjufct and improper—they having Bznily J-. McKenzie; Conrad Wieland agt. Loniaa Wleland; b e e n , i n ECOHI i n s t a n c e s , i m p r i s o n e d f a r ' o i l e n c e u o f w h i c h t h e y b e n e e d e d t o d o t h e s a m e a m o u n t o f b u s i n e s s , C a t h a r i n e Y o n t z a g t . J o h n Y o n t z ; M a r y E . S u l l i v a n a g t . W m . were not guilty. And even if guilty (aa in aome instancoH was bridges will not be so frequently broken down, H. Sullivan.undoubtedly the fact), their onwiceu were of HO trilling a char- steeper grades can be ascended, and the whole su- In tho cases marked with an asterisk divorces have* acter that it justified the Court and the magistrates |in grantingiheir immediate release without going to trial, or. any longer de- perstructure saved the destructive wear and tear been granted; the other cases are Btill pending; notbattery on the engine. In the circuit of the current, come before-New-Year's Day. San Francisco ha*200 long on the old boach north of Broadway street-^- a suit which was tried in 1S51, and was notable in many respects—was decided in the Fourth District Court on flie 22d inst. by a verdict for defendants.Wo have dates from Olyoipia, Washington Territo- ber of grizzly bears, has been placed on board the ry, to the 15th infet. Gov. Gholson delivered his mes-sage to the Legislature on the 7th hist. He statesi that50waterclosetsonthedifferent floors. Atankonthe roof contains 50,000 gallons of water, from has invented a now amjgamating plate for gold min- acres, aud\ that during the current year 11,237 acres oftho surveyed lands of the Territory amount to2,W0^9o»- xyhieli pipes lead ofT for the supply of hose in case ing, which ia highly apokeu of by many miners who public land have be«m bought of ^individuals. HeHorace P . Rust?, the author of thoKnss pavement,lower aide*In each hole site a liollow copper c o o ^fittb>orl»n<tdlTwTitorW.«u4»*wrtafc • • * do*% a««jpw»e« • »'...../... 0,696••••Jlalcodadi' for such 6i www.fultonhistory.com 