 fcDIED.•t..#>Crow and John Woods j(oi!«w<U, and McDobaLi andCasick wound cp tfee entenaiujj ient. Taen the benefi- ciary Jtnadtf a Utile speech of iluiike, andchdero^dsix divitions, making a fine appearance; a large con- Entrance fee, five dollars The BUCC38« of the Gulick ternplated to strike off the ticket the dumb men, and c >uretf of spectators lit.ing the streets through which was tbe more biilliant inisinucii as, at.ihs start, one of then when they pnt on the Breckinridge men, it isevocecdoii in rtbehinu »ho open air. lie then nulled up Uie stuir>% oy of th« dwel ing, und rescued his wir» uud ihreo ohll- unn, the l)uiUing buim; at tho time enveloped th tlaiuos. .Mr, Train's IOIHia about #1,2.0, insured fwhUf thd aujount in-thei II.•Useventeen feet long. The entries were- the H. W. black or white, of any chine, or the child of a<iy creed, Genet, of New-York," rowed by William Gilderslesve it done to the whole race. We.are so Linked togetherand Wm. Biglin; the' Maggie,'of New-York, by James by'God-who made us; that you cannot injure *oue without injuring the whole race,,for God made of oneColroes and John Eckereon: the Henry Fish, of Jer- $4tnations to dwell on the face oi'the earth. There is sey C'ty,- by' William Coogan and Michael Rogers'; ah'gherldW emaaatiog from" God'that repels withA song by the socgBtera followed.Mr. BANSCOM, who was connected with the com- Uiisaion to Kansas, was th»m called on and gave a telling exposition of the frauds practiced there, and of those brought to light by the Cov'ode Committee.The meeting then adjourned.PORT OF NEW-YORK.Cleared.StVamsbip- F. W . Brune, Foster, Baltimore.•f»I,ilo.ee candidate," and now the opposite parties and effective manner. _, . their '• What is it " Eleccrai Ticket. After tae election is over. I may postioly rhase repristkls by securing washtld last evening , a. their headquarters, No. 7fight between master and slave he did not care' much editor who wears a white coat, who furnishes City of Washington.. ,New-V ork.....'..Liverpool Sept 2ZV8.m..mu <tu1••--C A R R I E D .\a small portion of the abactions which, as Man- stitution.will hold * pic-nic "here on Wednesday the 12th kwt, ager of thus iaimense establishment, I am bjnnd to pro- during the entire day, and pttblic exercises wi'l commence a"; 3vide for yon. Beside the chaste and beaoailal Aquir- o'clock p m., in the Concert Hall of the Garden. There will be ria, wbith was firat introdttced into America by mysblf, several new and beautiful sou$a and declamations by the and in addition to tee aimoJBt endlegs collection of pre children.•exved objecis in Natural Histr.ry, it is my mission to Mr:.Bacon, who is engaged in the Snnday-School of the In-providelivingspecimensofLllthatisrareaudiutereatiog stitution,willpresentfor-Hhe amusementofthechildren,ava-which cun ,be found in air,! earth, or sea, throaghouo riety of pleasing experiments in Chemi.try, Philo^phy, Naturalbeen exercised hVregard to the length and occupation sectionalism. These men to-day who go for Douglas claim Clay and Webster as nonriuterventioaisus, whenof the course, theXRegatta would have been.eminent they always fougbt against this doctrine and established sport of the season.V-The prizes will be distributed at the Missouri Compromise, which was afterward de- the St. Mark's Hotel, corner of Eighth street and stroy ed by this same -Mr. 'Douglas. It is eminently de-^M Brethren, v,a« brought o it y *jt*rday at Barntun'a Xowom, at 'A heavy r>ntl*y in' acanery and cosuime. WK>«W it stK^ceed, H will be but the pioneer to other *d mow^teneiTeeaterprii^ iatho ^direction.them a characteristic «|>eech, of which we havethe following report:LADIES A»T> OKSTLKMEN!: I coald not per«aitthis^s^.tunitytopaaswithoutexpreeemgmygranted* Sex the extremely liberal patronage of toe public which I a* daily receiving. WMa I xeeumedtho personal maaagement of the Museum five month* ago, X w w r o e d a thorough reoovwion and improvement inWeda«8dr>y.rence, J. T. White, and W. B. Spear.The thud race, for fisjhiag boats, was of littb ac-coont. The David Blackburn, rowed by James Shen- dan; tbo Joseph Brown, by Gomilius Finch; the Mary Jane, by John Alvan. and the John C. Seen an, were the entries. The Joseph Brown won the heat in 48 min. 38 sec, hearing away the prize of champion flag and a purse of $25; "the Heenan came in second, time48miD.and53sec,andtookthesecondprwe.of».br*bnR«« CtmrlxHi-nrvPlawuier.Mr ElntttutnOsaeioxi date, for oy no possible "combination cod'd Dongas - be i «»d «i»« * mm* Jaa« 8pr»goe, both of Providence.elccud.by the Hou*e. It is not th(ereal friends of pEERY~DA VtK8-On Monday. Sept 10 bythe Rev. p. «X-*i**»*-'-" —1;.... ;J,:A,U.l...,..!.,I f *,Iw*,,*<u»..vJj^i••.'•.-.,' * . . . , . .•--****- "J-*••M „^B A W W ' S Mt?' TOt.—Th<l drama, of Joe*ph and di8pt?xwd. 'McDonaldgoeahome iathe AfrioA, oa irfK*"v»>niag. and will be out in fuB force on Thursday balance. The nam?8 of the crew .were: Wm. H» trough; and it. will be our o^a fault if w«do not i-i elect our candidate. When the Dong'as m»n'c'on«e'utgladly renew my pledge to- families and the better Although Republicans act in this contest for somethingThe scene of tbe races was the Harlem River, beforeConrad's Yorkville Park—a good selection of water,the stream at this point being wide and safe; and theMovements ot sJcesua Steamer*'. TO DEPART.portion of the vomatu>ity to keep the Muse-bttter than dollars and cents, i t is pleasant to kno w that•4" ""8«>.KXSPKA»B IN THE BowERY.-The Winter's TaK was given last night at the Old Bowery, in a_ , ^ crtKjitable * the nthe management and theactors.dresses and properties fresh and handsome, and the whole effect much better thao the East Side has been accustomedtosincethedaysofHambUn. Mr.andDouglas who attempt to. fu«e, busmen who wish toger. fat offices, and 10 get.them they ar« willing to,sellout Douglas aod fuse tor their 6wa benefit. H-sfe is acandidate for the Presidm'.y, proteptiog always against^fusion,andhereishisNationalCdmnu tee sailingbia.out, tbattbey may get fat offices. He had been muchinterested in «hi** Wide-Awake movement from thefirst, for the grt at lack of the Republican party has tbe«npractical,ac»ive,workiogmen. Thiswasthemost hopeful political movement of t;ds coun*vg%*3> £• '£•» «*,8t- J«tte/« Chnrch, Saoa-wl W. Oeeiy ^ thi?StJ • •1 ^v *w .'d «***** of * e late aicbard Davkw, « i l ^ofIELodS° ^ *kw'WWof^^ B^t^,SK0TTAtlnIS % r ^ o - T , V * ; Chnrch.New-York,on 8mHkr.•^pt. 9. by th<: lev. W. (/. P.rrtngtco, Mr. A TbeodSi lHt.^L%otJtPc%*q.'.i^of£N£eZw%r-B£ranawicJi%NJd.»«fllteroV&iiWyscenery is mostly new and fin**, theM u w i t o d my efforU by ti>wing the d-ily receipts oftbt> Hutenm. Indeed, at no time trin-re I parchaaed the not expect the rare Autolycus of Barton, and did not Republicans in thi- State, to be held at Albany on theI"rytad. af W'mmam, in 1841, have the i «t. profit* of the eetablibh- * nr,eut been so much per we? k as they have been siace my l&st ieeumption of the management. When Iget anj thing like it;' but ontbe whole the Wiotir's 20th inBt.-- AdamRoediger, G-E.Steinhaaer, A d mthiieKy,.^al4S2SKd?igi****** '*****<* COLLINS—In thi« ctt», on Flrut da* <4ti, t~^ -or , « , . . .^rvSt the clock buMnees minus a few hundred house, and ought to nave a good run. > tboufaod, J reflected that at bsat I bad not'b]per,Jfs ,-o| go <ii S.O&1Fill I.7«I-would toll up the qaarua dollars «oacorreepoadingblgnt. In this friendly afrife between/ patrons aad ning her ahhore,came off yesterday, before Justice saMtogVr it is pleasant to know that/the former are Connolly, a&d was adjourned to Oct. 2, at 10 a. m.«lw«y«generon«dy prepared to ." give quarter,'' while ving. The Wide-Awakes of the same Ward held a meeting after the adjournment of the Association, aud made the necessary arrangements for taking part inCARROLL—On Saturday, Sept 8, at bla residence No iff .Soromit street, Urooklyn, Jr\»t ickrCarroll a nephew*oi j*Ak» Carroll, e»q., native of Sllgo, Ireland, in the. aoth y e « «f {faCOLE—In this dtv, on Stmdav, 'Sept 9, Whitehei^ CT*. your«;«:st son of James and Mary Cole, aged 4 Tears and A months. • wCARTER—At hU residence, No 233 Rlvioeton street. Chart** Carter, sen., i» the 57th year of bi# age ^"wieerDEVEREUX- In Brooklyn, on Sanday S«*pt 0. Mararet'N ' Deverenx, aged 1 year and 2 mouthi, yoongeat d*.oght«' 0 f Ann »nd wm. Devereux.•Tale was well and-succossfally acted to a very failDlehl, Cbas.'Marx, and Geo. Saul.—The Republi :ans of the Twenty-first Ward held a'saacy active years to sptxo, and therefore, I re- THE ISSCRANCE SWINBLE. —The case of the alleged regularmeeting last evening at No. 435 Fourth avenua.•olvod to pile op the .novelties and attractions»#notain high, knowiog 'all well that tha •public suring the bark E. A. Kiasmau heavily, and then rau- cessions to the roll of members was very encourag-attempt to swindle certain insurance companies, by in-the Mter is continually "c*lliog for q.uarter, and . By reference to our advertising columns, it will be the great demonstration of the Wide-Awakes on next• ' ,. 'demoraiiring 1 The dram i was origiuJly lnatuuted Knickerbocker and Heodrick Hudson. The line goes Rooms). Tee attendance being small, there was nothingfor «ho purpose of illus rati ag s-cred ecenee and evenw,aad 1 know no reason why the; stage cannot be.made into operation next Thursday. as it of en is, a vehicle fori ia»partu,g good moral* aad m ' healthy principles. I hav* determined occasionally tobring'back the drama toiti original ourpbee, knowingA l l well that Biblical history luroisoes soaie of the,more dote than to pass a reeolntion inviting all. lia'ian,For the fifth race, for champion sculls, it was ex- pected that Joshua Ward of Newhurgh/, the crack oar of tbe country, would appear, his boat the Oscar Teed, being on the list, and that in his splendid oisplay would culminate the excitement of the occasion. Bat Joshua was detained away by sickness, and his placs.was sup- plied by the -Thomas Jefferson. Tha other wherries were the Mary Bell Roberts, rowed by Patrick Lynch, and the Young Stranger, by Thomas Barns.oppressions of,the Slave power. The great work of DIMENr—In Brooklyn, on 8atard»y, Sept 8, John Dunent*'the Revolution wits not for a day bat for years; and he agod 61 years, native of Bridport, Hot**t»hir«, Eo«jland. -believed the time would yet come when this work JOHNSTON—In this city, on Scuoday morning Sept 9, Mr.'seen that the proprietor* of the People's Line of Thu'sday eveniitg.most touching and sublime subjects lor the vdral u m o k d a a t o produce thrilUng offocts, and exhibii gor-Jte<ms scenery, and at the! s*xne time impart viituble * DKAR SIR: inreplj t»yoircona«uM»tfaa3x»adart>««eoto tne Canraign Clab held their regular weekly meeting atraaxUt, and believing itbat tney may be. soIOK"THOJ. B. TAHTM*,«'MAYOR'S OKFICB, Sept 10, I860.«f the History of Jot* ph and his Breshre a, winch will be-dtamatically w-presenWd io yoa. thia.aRernoon, by a eompany of artists wnich M am sare you will confess wiU compare favcraUy with aoy other coanpany m toe country. Snouid this experiment provoas popular as Ibebeve it deserves, aobjt»c«s of tha eame class will bo occasionally ictere^ersod witu otier moral aud effective draraas- Bat, my friends,)I shall not forget that, good as our dramatic d^p«rtmenS is aad snail oe. ch*t is t>u!itract,> I aa» directed to say thut the Mayor will. not le«l aujior ized to refuse hl» signature io any warrant* legally dravn oy the Controller for the paymerit cf pttblic works, whiohhavebeeu done in pursuance of law and equity.. Very respect'nlty,•.-.* J. H. AUJJJJ, OlcrK. HELP THE 'NEEDY.—Mr. C. A. De Forrest, theproprietor of Palace Garden In Fourteenth street, near Sixth aveoue, having kindly given the use of thit p'ace of resort free to the Five Points Bouse "of Industry, the children ef taat la •greatest harmony prevailed during the meeting.The Hon. Abram V. Wakeman and R. H: Shannon addresi ed the assemblage. Toe former gave thorn goodreason why Douglas should not be supported:First: Because he denied that all rrK-naxe "bora free and equal, aDd held, of courte, that all men are "not entitled to the blesaia^aSecoria: Because he had declared that he didnot care whether Sla"»Ty was voted up or down in the rerritoriea.Third -J Mr. Dou^Ua was tbe man through whose efforts, the Miasourf Cosopt omise was repealed.the Stranger arrived next, in 41 min. 12 sec.' Just about 6 o'clock the floating city suddenly dis- solved like an unsubstantial pageant, the judges went•' diciuy Alb;no Family (or Theinterestiug aud extra jr-• tbem in Amsterdam Boll scar. 1 nr«>t discovered d»y, while a vour g but rather verdant-looking resident of Putceeded to Berlin to comply id, aud when they had pro- n-m County, N..Y., was quietly stjolhog up broadway, he wa»ashore, and the crowd struck for the avenues, to reach guards of the Revolution. It was the work ot these young men -which, saved Connecticut, last year,'in,home, clinging precariously to cars. The day was Bpite of money and the efforts of Mr. Fernando Wood, fthe Habitable globe. In carrying out this mission to its greatest sxtent, I have agents aod correspondents in «veiy part of the world..Magii-., and s'c«>ne* in Ventriloquism. It i' hopeo that the friends of the Institution will, on this occasion, give the treasury some sub- ttontial assistance.visors will meet on Monday, the 24ch inst.;. the Judi«ialCon\>i»tion for the nomination of Surrogate, Recorder,CITYWIDE-AWAKES.accosted b y a stranger, who, io adJressmg him, ported into hisattentive ear a story of extreme povt-rty and distress—stating ful lrving Siamese T wins, [t them to me.' The wonder- among other things, that he was a atrangec in' the city, and have for twenty years " rhoss wax. repreeeutations wanted to return home, but oouldnot for trie.•'ant of means, at are about cox clnoiug an exhibited in this Museum, the B-ime time offering our country friend a gold wa ch, whioh he said he wanted to t.ell for $44feOur country friend not wishing to l*y out so much money, replied that he could not »ttoxd so large an amount, hut would gladly give him some smaller sum. next montn. The worldireno Amed. Aztec Cnildren, The oiler was readily accepted, aud the watch sold, together wbo were to famous here twelve j ears ago, and wuo, with the countryman—for on openiQg the parcel in which tie since thar. period, nave vjsiied every court and potan- w»tcb was supposed to be snugly p»caed up, he found, to his great surprise and indignation, he was the fortunats pof»essor of . tate in the olo-world, creadng g e a t en'-hnsiiism andr a nice round »maolh stone! Tlie countryman has no; since beenejccitement wherever they! go, are now engaged by one heard ofof my Bbfopean agense, a4U will be in toe MLoaeuoa therst nt i'aiL The plan wnich I anuouaced to the pab- FATAL ACCIDENT.—La9t evening, about 6£ o'clock,fivelyearsago,ofcollepingtogethera"Con«ressafatalactfdentoccurredtoa.sonofJohaGriffiths,aged10years, living at No 1<3 Thjmpson street. A rear uuder Dmlding is in of Nations,''' consistingof akiviug mule and female spec- course of demolition', and one of the heavy Deams f«U* upon the imen of every rare u-ioe and nation aUaiuable throogh- laa's bead. Dr. Leving^ was cal!ed.in, and pronoimced the oa«e out the world, is now in acuve progress in the hands of fa£;r1, there being a fracture of the skull. The boy died in twoand the Assembly on the :27th inst. Arrangements were also made for the grand ratification meeting at the Cooper Institnte next week.nees now prevalent among the young men 0/ our city, was seen last evening at No.* 638 Broadway; on whichtrine of bquatter Sovereignty, first started by Mr. Cass and afterward taken up by Mr. Douglas, who now asks the people to vote for him. The DemocraticI'HiJLA»ELPHiA,Sept 10.—FI^TTR dull; sales 1,000 bhls.: super- fine, *t>1z;$6 *25. WHEAT declined 3c; sales 2,000 hush.; redi $1 4 f ® 6 1 43: white $ 1 4&'<Z'*1 58. CORX bnoyant; salen3 000 busb.; yellow 75c. COKFEE quiet; Rio 13^@14|c. WHISK-Z ttecdy at 25c0«WE«O, Sept. 10, 6 p. m.—Ftorit quiet WHEAT firm; sole* of 11 000 W h . Milwaukee Club at 6125; 1,400 bash. No. % Chicago Spring, piiuclpally at &116. .CORK firm; sales of 5,000 bui>h. Indiana at 60c Other Grains qniet. CANAX FREIGHTSm»n agent engaged and so:tean engagement, my <xer-{arrangement which will, I b- lieve, briog' tbem befoite my visitors on the first ofWATERSPORT.on Kansas in epiie of the clearly-expressed opinion ofJ. S. Ritterband; Marshal, S. A. Bonce. They have the peeople. They offered a bribe of lands to baild. unchanged, ati5c. on Flour 12c on Wn««t > n d I l k . on Corn tomy agents abroad, and portions of una " Congress" will arrive witbiu a low weeas; the first specimen being already here, m the person of the Taitooe<l Cb^ief from ISfeW-Zealaud. I am afucj in treaty wah nameroasother uttractions from Bunope; and if loog experience juid a personal and devoted- attention to business willhoars alter the accident.REPUBLICANlighted with the horde from the plains; festi/e Ger- mans early stirred merrily through the avenues, with flags and pretty vivandieres, and spent the lay in their own favorite way at the suburban parks; in theeveu- m g T h e c h a m p i ' n s o f m u s c u l a r s c i e n c e w e r e i n c o n -a demonstration of this kind, aud they .were ready to bany. OATS: Salen of 8,70t bush. State at 38ic in car-loads. opinions were held and practicea ia our legislation,* BUFF ALO, Sept 10, 6 p. ax.—Fi.ocit steady, and in fair demand; march to any point at short notice, and always ready Now tbe Democrats claim that all the legislation should sates of 1 200 bbis. at $5 25©65 b2i for extra lllixols, Wisconsin, be for Slavery. But the argument is ail on one side. Michigan, and Ohio,and 6 5 75©60 25'fo double extras WHEATe*i.,Ac(ino Prttidtnt CVolJT, Board.NEW YOER DAILY TRIBCm TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 11, 1860.•.A-«,H«>(Wi^-.*,*,..<V,.•.,*, y.irfitn the w«u»»i>t»dTa«Ti 'for the f aymeiit of the proposed work«f tisue a&d money hav«> been devoted to the production ODthe largo tnaia water-pipe on the Fourth avenue wlhoat OOQ- ing room was crowded to its utmost extent, and the The Mary Bell won bravely in 40 (miu. 12 sec, and>DEDICATION OF THE NEW HALL. .— C o l . C . J . J a c k o f B r o o k l y n w i l l t h i s e v e n i n g a d -W are naccees, you will find me here every day.s'riv- dress the citizens of New-York, at the rooms of the vention at the City Assembly Rooms to bestow part-i n t h e s a m e p l a c e ^ — o n t h * D e m o c r a t i c s i d e , h o w e v e r .They came to this city in the cars together; and he buBb. at 55®'6c Other Grains quiet. WHISKT steady : sal<w of'inglor and attaining jt. 1 am by no means unaware Young Men's Iiepuolicau Union, ia^tuyvesaut Insti- of the great influence for g »oU which this establishmentis capable of exciting upon the public mind. I feel tute, on the commercial advantages Which wul accrueing honors upon Mr. Jack McDonald; anr\ the vota- ries of aqnatic pport were rejoiced by the sixth annual143 bbls. at Wkfttois. -CAXAL FRKI<5IIT8—56.5. on Flour, 16®16ic> lv WeU," says be, '"I spent an hour aod a half in rid- Floor; 257,000 bush. Wheat; 41 (00 bush, Corn, 2,000 bu4h. Oats.the responsibility of my position,' aud X therefore to New-York from the election of Abraham Lincoln.. regaUa of the Empire City Clab. ;.-.that they were coming back to the principles of. their half hour in talking about Weudell Phillips."- After-fathers.. It is to 1he young men in all agea that the ward he eaid: "Iteil'yoOj Culver, tUere is no more Goddess of Liberty £ws looked for help. Liberty is .doubt that you folbs are right toan there is that the suaallied to Edncat on and Slavery to Ignorance. This is goes down-to-night." Taen I askedv^'Why don tMEETINGS.active ard advance* ; sales of li2,000 bush., at $1 13'&61 14 for No. 1 Chicago Spring, in p^rt toajri^e; $1 17t forNo..lMil- wausoe Club.jto arrive;.6121^® SI22 for Red winter; 61 26 for W h i t e d o . C' OHM a d v a n c e d , a n d i n l a i r d e m a o d ; s a l e s , o f 4 0 , 0 0 0Tbe President'then introduced the Hon. JAMES A.BRIGGS of Ohio, who was received with loud chears. asked this lawyer what he had beou tilking about. on Wheat, 15c. on Com t > New-York. IMPORTS—-i,<K0 oois.flight at the Cooper Union.-rTle Wide-Awakes of Yorkville beld a large meet- ing la^teyenino; at Harwood Hall, to make arrangements f Sr a ratfecaden of the State ticket this eveniog. The speakers will be James A. Brigt?s of Ohio, the Hon, Abm; V. Wakemaa of New-York, Cbas M. Emaraon, and R M ; Peer. An immense gathering is expected,—The German Republican Association of the T wenty- sexondWardturnedoutstronglastevening,andheldMathews, James Ward, R. Hallidiy,v John Law-; to fusion, thiby really yield the election Of their caodi- j CAMttE/W-SPRAGTTB-In Prc*id*ncson W«»d«^ky, Bent.Mrs. Watlnck were uniformly excellent as Leontes a large and spirited meeting at Nuffsr's Hall, No. 161 $10. Entrance fee, $3. • .try. The young men are beginaing to feel their Wb^D<TRISH«0rii>noWedi,*«,,y *& 5.atStamford^Conn,^p"C*;«b« t»'t «o<and Hermione, aud Kate Oenia as Perdtta held evenpace with the more advane*'d stars.. The other par'sWest Forty-sixth street.They resolved to organize abt>OttoRevR..o.b..e.r.t..B.ooth,Eduar"«»•--*-«-«- * «; Weed of N«<*V rku,The George W. Shaw, the Hop-Up, and the George J. Brown, four-iared boats, were entered for^the fourth race. They contended for the heaviest prizes, and the deepest interest centered in;their performance. Thestart waB made at 2TL m ^ ^ 8 before 5 o'clock, aud the betting was heavy "upon the Shaw, a Poughkeepsie concern. The Brown of New-York took the load, however, and maintained i% winning the race in thirty minutes forty four seconds, the bast time on record. The Sraw's time was 30 minutes 52 seconds and the Hop-Up of Greenpoiat was left behuid. The nam-ss of the Crack crew are: Dennis Leary, John Biglin, James Biglin, and Bernard Biglin. They will be handed down with'the imperishable. The first prize was a champion flag and purse of $100; the seond,.gr-tefotty pocketing the affront. The pu&be requireamusement of Born* descrikion, and they will have it.The simple question is,8iaU that amusement be ra steamboats, have started a new freight. aod passenger —The Garibaldi Italian Wide-Awake Club met last, flurry on the river and a shout all round at the result tional, elevating and inetrx rtive, or «b»tt it be lo w aud line to Al-any, to be oom posed of the sieauiboa>s night at No. 22 Broad vay, (Central Campaign Club- of this close race.•time power, and iC ehowa them what thayare able to do for. their country. . Helooked on this as iniugurating a true milita*yriovementofthiscountry, itistimethatthe freemen01 this country learned to protect tbeoos-'lyes. Oar ^ r ^ ^ ^ S ^ ^ ^ ^ i £ ^ T t stem ing army is com posed mostly of • foreigners andofficered in the mo*t aristocratic manner, and he wantedto see tliis replaced by tbi« new organiza'lon and letthe free ,ai>d vrluntary military of this coantry havefair play; wad when Governmeufc needs a half a millioamen, let her call for them; with the same money andtbe seme protpect. that an army now have, aad weShall soon need no standing afmy. He felt more hopefor this organization becanse it comprises the youngmen, and tney have Liberty inacri >ed on their banners.The people or Mr. Douglas want to know when weshall stop this agitation of the Slavery question, andcome to other things. This agitetion has hot kepc usfrom attention to other things, out nothing ia so import-ant asto keep alive the love of human lioerty and justice. He thought time would yet show, thes* agitationshave been most useful.in preserving this Union, byawakening a spirit of love for freedom, excited by the«rery dewurtment. In doinj; thi*. my expenaee have were mostly well done; the shepherd and bia son par- lowing genylemen were elected delegates..to the Ger-town neady doubled, but UM Bublio h*ve watched *ad ticularly so, by Glenn and Ryan. Of coarse we coald man Convention for the organization of the'German. . . . . _Jf-w-ofthe^m^J^^j^^Si AFret-ch and otho? citizens of European birtb to attend THE FOURTH-AVENUE MAI'»S.—Mr. Tappan, acting the Dext meeting,of the Club, on Friday evening, Sep-would be fully accomplished^ and man be equtl to his brother man every where/-and justice and right pre- vail. In this belief h« bia them God speed in their wcrkMr. Greeley's speech was followed by rousing cheers.The next speaker introduced was Judge CULVER of Brooklyn, who Was welcomed by the rattling Zouave cheer. He said he had been among the people lately, and came back with words of g-od cheer. He felt suie of the success of the party, becduse the young men ar d the women weie all witu us.' The oincd of tbe Wide-Awakes is like that of the scouts and picket-John w . Johnston, naive of Glasgow, Scotland in tho 55tU year of his aio.KAEMPK—In Brooklyn, on Monday, S«?pt.. 10, Charles L. Kaejppf, in tbe 55th! year of his ageTbe fH.nda of the'family ar* invited to attend his fan»vr»X on «v»-otu »cay afternoon at 3 o'clock, from his late residence No. 149Atonic street. . *KENNA—In this' city, on Sanday morning S«pt 9. at the r*<rf- dence of her •on-ia-lawaiter a long axd painful illness Mra Charlotte L. Kenna.LEE—: AIter a short and severe illness, on Monday Sept. 10-, Miss Eleanor Leo of this city In the 5lst y«-ar of b«r age.The friends cf the family are respectfully moiled to a tend her funeral from the Bedford-street M. E. Church, on Tuesday. Sept 11 at 1J o'clocki^cNEE—On Monday morning. Sept 10, Nancy McNee.Her remains will be removed to Sehenec.ady, N. Y., for i n f -luent.POUND—At Pbinfield, N. J., on Fourth day,/the 5th inst,:- fiacbel W., wife of George.R. Pound. '•'• ROBINSON—Char!os T.. only son of Solon Robinson, *g<*d Myears, died on Monoay, Sep*. 10, of consttoiption, at bia father's residence, in Westchester County,nearttriscity.Markets....Reported by Telegraph. NBW-OKLEANS, Sc.pt 6.—COTTOX dull; sales 500 bales, includ-ing5t0balesofold;MidJlirjR,U)^&.lOJc P,LOCKhasanupward. tendency, and is quottd at $ 6 25 for superfine. WnisXY—Sale» of rectified at 23c. Other »rticles unchanged.BALTIMOKB, S^pt. 10.—FLOUR steady: s*les of Howirdstreet at $6i Ohio and City Mills held at 66. WHKAT fi m; sales of Southern Red at $1 38^$ I 47. COKN- advanced 4c: sales of Ye'low at Tt-aioc , and White at 73®75c PROVISION* quiet but steady. COKFBB quiet; sales of Rio at 13i"®l*ic. W^HISKY arm,President of the Croton B ard^yeeterday received the following communicatim:t«-mber 14, at 9 o'clock, at which time the permanent officers of the Club will be elected.—The Twenty-Becond Ward Lincoln and Hamlin leeeons to overy claw of commanity. A hbdral. outlay M»-vor u«ki'ig -ahttnec he would feel uutaonzod to coantor- No. 624 Eighth avenue, last evening. The la>-ge meet-German Wide-A wake Club in tbe W ard, aad the fol-Emily, daughter of E i » i nfckhlop «*«q.,oftbeforowplace.There was ao unusually, large attendance, and the ac-—At the meeting of the Republican Executive Com-mitiee last night, at No. 618 Broadway, it was deter-mined to hold the primary *lections on the 20th inst.,between the hotu-sof7^ and 9 p.m. The County onMondayeveningnext. Conventions for the nomiuati'm of Register and Super-sirable that this young party should be marsaaled by the young men of (he country. It is a young party, butifisawinnirjgparty. Lookatthereturnscoming in from Verm&fct, where there was no need to come out except for respectability. H» prophesied we should bear just, such accounts from Maine; he had been there, and the Pine Tree State was all alive with enthusiasm. Men in all portions of the State were changing fromB. • J.R<SOct.O.Wk.1City Jadge, and a Judge of th<^ Sapreme Coart on theare ]JODI the laUtnO of M; »hi'-e ncg:Os»a), now here, A VICTIM o>- MISPLACED CONFIDENCE.—Losb Fri- 25ti inst ; tne,CoDgrestional Convention on the 26th, . An evidence of the enthusiasm and wida-awakotive- Democracy to Republicanism. He referred to the doc at23i%24c.um always free from every objectionable fea- ''honesty is the best policy" in politics as well as ture, to permit no - £itoxicating drinks with-in its halls, no vulgar or p<of&ne allusions uu he stage, trade, and that onr prospeiity di;ea not require that we andnoimpropervisitors(feithersex. Ialsonotify shallsellourprinciplesaswell,asoargoods; Col.platform was provided for their accommodation. Po- yet be changed, for there would be revolutions in Vir- New-York in,everything except furnishing occupants ultonfor the Presidential chair and in inhabitants Bavaria...kpoliticians that I am, as u»ual, prepared to sup-.-jrfY taem w)th their "stock in trade." Four topic much attention, and will treat it in a thorough..New-York .Liverpool. Sepi.15years ago I furnished i title for the "WoollyNew-YorkHavre Sept. 15several of the defeated cauc id-vtee and exuibiting them as abou- the smallest apecux ens of the dwarf g«nus everare the effects of Slavery on prosperity, and especially water, • darting curiously over the sparkling little nnlefs our masters of the South give us liberty to do in education. In Virginia one in five cannot read orso '{ No, thank God! we are born free, and we will write, but in Massachusetts, for instance, there is only waves, told of interest in the Regatta. The Judges' make our Government free, too! W e -will correct one in five hundred who cannot read. Such is the dif-aA.sia........ . . . . . . . . . Bremen.Adriatic.Arago...New-York. ..... Liverpool......S^pt.26 New-Y ork. Southampton.. Sept. 29 New-York. ..... Havre.........Oct S New-Yo"rk. .... .Havre..........Oc:. 18tfli).!seen since my little friend Ifoin Tnumb made his debut merely of a routine character, and the addition of some in this establishment. If, like Madame Toasaud ofLondon, I had a separate a mrtment called UThe cham- thirty new names to the roll; making a total of fiftyference. In Virginia, J. C. Underwood had beendriven out for speaking the words of Jetfereon;, andthirty-six men were driven out of Kentucky in theTO ARRIVE.....».••«. Liverpool New-York....Aug. 22J Liverpool ......Qoebeo. .Aug 28 1 Southampton.....New-York . Aug. 29ber cf horrors," I mignt pe -haps engage certain greedy .and corrupt office-holders and swindling loboy memnew members added since last meeiog. numbers 250 men. >This club nowboat—the tidy yacbt Louise—was anchored direcly off the Park, and the stake-boat a mile and a quarter up Btrcam, opposite One-hundred-and-eixteenth street.these things by the election of Abraham Lincoln. We will make the country free and Slavery sectional. It i&a new docttme that the Constitution, carries SlaveryVigoNorth Briton Illinoisbers, who swaliow whole Mocks of houses at a singlegulp.; but as I make it a po nt)*l<vays to reject unpleasant moDRtro«itirs» I can gwe them no place in the Mu- meeting.last night at their rooms, No. 274- Grand streetwith it wherever it goes; andthaLitia neceatary to deptb of Winter, for no reason but for holding certain Cityof Washington.....Liverpool .New-York. Aug 29—ThfP Tenth Ward Wide-Awakes held" a special seum. The public need no ;be. surprised, however, to ' (Runk's Hotel), for the purpose of drihiog. This clabThe Judges, the reporters, aud a few privileged legislate Freedom into a Territory but than Slavery opinions, or the supposition that tney did. He then BohemianiiLiverpool........Quebec. J.. Aug. 36 Liverpool........New-York . >ept 1 Galway.. BoHton...!.., .Sept Liverpool........Halifax.... .SeptSouthampton.....New-York....Sept 5 Liverpool Quebec 8«pt 6 ..Liverpool. - . B o s t o n . . . . . . . . S e p t 8 .Southampton.....New-York Sept.ll ..Liverpool.........New-York.., ..Sept 15 •Galway New-York ....Sept-13learn, some fine morning, ;hai Garibaldi has sent me anow musters about 175 members.. Toe drilling wasparty in the adrciseion of California and of Texas, one Melita. wso dignified the Supreme Court; but the doctrine of a Free State and the other a Slave State. We have' Bremencage containing King Bom >afor exhibition ameng my well executed, and loudly applauded by the spectators, most savage and cruel wile animals. Tuere ara severaldint of rapid passages and sudden tackings ke Jt the tbe most infamous Judge, who uttered the most infiv put up a man out West who will see to all these things.. Canadianother European potentates who can ecarcely be put tobetter use than to exhi!>it them in our wondrous**Happy Family," and for tne sake of keeping themof which ihere were a great numt>er.—Pursuant to a call from the President, Mr. E Elliott, the Thirteenth W«trd Wide-Awakes met laatfloating populace in comparative order, and defendedthe Louise from thote who would board her.The Jhdg*s were the following gentlemen:Crailrnoaii. F. J. I. Boole..mous opinion, ever utteied from the bench of the Sa-preme Court; or by any Judge or any party in theMr. Lincoln ia one of the most maesiye intellects intbiscountry and he was an evidence of the institutions ofEurope.. Adriatic... •• JL©IBlft* • • • • *• • Prince Albert Arago........In bark Raebuck, from Montevideo—A. T* Savery, New-Y ork *rmATrrRB ALXA^AO.Son—Rises....5:36 | Sets 6:18 i Moon—Seta... 1:02 HIGH WATBB THIS DAY.Sindy Hook... 4:14 1Gov.laland.... 5:04 I Hell-Gate..... 6:45SBPT. 10.Out of harm's way, l a m ready to take them on reason-able teims. A mammothr. 'urkey from the Bosphorus evening at their headquarters, No. 422£ Grand street,world. He- referred to the man who disgraced the this land, where the people spiing from the soil, fall ofChief Justiceship of the Supreme Court of the U. S.. s'rength and vigor. -He closed by an earnest appeal toRoger B. Tansy, who got his office by doing an illegal the young men to enter iato the contest with vigor, and.Southampton New-York ....8ept-19 New-York•••••••••>••••Southampton....NewYork ....Oct 3-was expected, but he has been justly regarded as a for the purpose of transacting some unimportant un-**aick bird for several ytars;- and^ having recently finished butiness, and for pracace in drilling. The Clubexhibited extreme>weaknei s at Syria, it is now being contemplate sending a series of resolutions compli- roasted by a French cook, who will prob*bly soon aidW. H. Colo, fr>r George Witkes; Jacob Meaerole .Capt. A. act, at the command 01 a President who violated law. prophesied certain success for rigot justice, and-traeBar'x«r, J, U. R Putnam, Capt 1st R. Roberts President of the Empire City Club; Lemon B" Wirg, Capt. J. M. Turner, for Fmiik Ciueen; Dennis McCarthy.aBuseian gentleman in dissecting it. If John Bull don t "cook hisgoose" for General Walker, it is pos- sible that the bins-eyed m m of destiny wiJi appear feere in the character of the " Inf>nt JL>rummer," in -which case he will be placen in the brass band on thebaicony, where be wilt play the "Bold Soldier Boy. ' In any event, my friends, Ilshall nevej fail to provide you wlib at least a couple o\ dollars' worth of pleasauv andiuguuetrvo amusement. |»li of wnijb will, as usual; be providtd for that incignirfcaut, but popttiaT sum, ofonly twenty*flve cents—cnillren half price.^WINTER GARDEN—OPENLVG NIGHT.—The Winter Garden, ever an attractive and cheerful theater, opened last night for the Fall season, with unusually iiatcer- ing auspices. The house was filled with a select audi-ence, and the performances; through3ut the evening passed off with few of the hes, jolts, and creakings nearly always noticed oh first night. Before the curtain is an excellent ore sera, with Mr. Edward H ollenhauer at its head, and -the various,musical inter'ifodts, as well as the bits of melody scattered through(bo pieces, were played in a manner which promisesmuch for this department. 1 he stock company, which. adjournintnt a meeting of the Wsrd Wiiie-1 *-ake»difficulty been cleared, tbe bugle was sonorously sound- to rtspect;. we caii murder thein or steal their childrenthe position of the parties opposed to the Rqoublijaae.3Bmostly new to this theater ;jai. to each other, has not yet sufficiently developed its powers to authorize any criticism; it appears to ]>e useful rather than brilliant. The star season began last night by the pre- sentation of two Irish plays, [both old acquaintances. Charlotte Cushman wSl soon appear, with a full com--pany of assistants, in her pecotliar line of characters.was convened, when the following olhVew were elected": Captain, William Pye; Lieutenaits—First, Geoige R. Douglas;. Second, Joseph A. Cook; Third, Geo. Rogers; Fourth, Edward King; Orderly Ser- geant, Chae. B. Raden; Second Sergeant, James Mc- Cormick; Third.Sergeant, Win. Sager; Fourth Sur- gesnt, A'. J. Conroy; Ensign, Rilpn Peeuey. After passing absolution to turnout at the ratification meet-Bark Roebuck, Cbsse, Monte\id*"o July 29, hide* aud woe! t« Reynolds & CoshcnhU July 29, saw bark Alex<md«r going into Montevideo: Aug 12, lat 13 22 S., Ion 34 W, sp ke ship G<3lego, Homo ward, fion> Rio Janeiro for Now-Unoan«, 23th. W 23 45,Ion. 6142 exchanged >htoals with brig Blsinore, steering S.Bark S 0. Kyemn (Br.), Crosby, Boston 7 days, in oal'.ast tatThomas J'-mes.Bark Lucy Elizabeth, Nickels, Boston SO hours, hi ballast to-• m IKXBLO'S.—The Idnger the Circus remains the better ing on Thursday night, the club went through severalThe number of members is fifteen hundred, among inciter. ;' ...Bark GiuUii (Sic), Pirandello, Pa'ermo 42 days, fruit, sumac, whom are two hundred ladies. Ninety-eight Ameri- Jtc, to James Robinson.aiisattendtd. Last night the pons a was crowded, andthe performances passed off with unusaal eclat. Thedrill exercises.—The German Republicans of the Seventeenth Wardcan at.d foreign periodicals are kept on file in the rooms. The total receipts during tho past year were,$7,688, audBrig Boh'o. Bar.lott, Rio Cra«d«s Brazil, Aug. 11, JUgtr to Bacot4tltwut'al!. Aug12,lat 243S, lou.2520W..sawan Am. steamvhip fteorii.g S. with three masts and. two w«lkisc-horees, equestrians, gymnaeti and acrobats leave on assembled in large numbers at Lambrecht's Hotel, No.anticipate a much larger revenue, and its success has become an established fact. .THE BROOKLYN CITY COURT.-—The September Term of the Brooklyn City Court will be opened before Judge iCulver on Monday next, the 17th inst., when the lirtt twenty causes on the calendar will be called. The term calendar comprises ninety-six causes.Biig Samuel 8. Johnson (Br ),Eldredgo, Yarmouth, N. S., 10 duys. salt to Thomus James.Schr. Alethea (of New-liaveu), Hewey. Grand Turk, T. 1.. Aug 29, salt to T. Gllmartiu Sopt 7 lat 36 54. Ion. 74 11, spoke bttfk Moraval from Turk's Irland fo>- New-York.Sihr. British Queen (Br.), Johnson, N»ssau, N. P., 8 d»y«, fruit to J. En^-as. Sept. 3, lat. 2a, lou 76, passed Br. brig Atlan- tic, from Nawtmu for New-York.Scbr. Leocadia, Saall, Salouijl days, mdse. to R. W. Ropot fc Co.Sehr. Pennsylvania, Ladd, Norwich for Albany. ,Schr. John C. Calhnnn. Sturges, Albany f^r Boston.Schr. Gulota, Love 1, Albany, iiid»e. for Boston .Schr. Henry .< lay, C»le. Albany, uidse. f^r New-Bedterd. Steamer Tacony, Ely, Philadelphia, mdse. to Loper *. &»*•patTick. T * M Steamer Vulcan, Morrison, PhiUdelphia, mdse. to J. «. x.Bripgs.BELOW-Rvs^an shlp'Helene. Ra»<-hen, from'City ^ « 5 ° rEu.ope Put baeir leaking about 4 Laches per hour. A * « w i ttt <u bouid 7th inst. otTUeoige's Shoals from pilot boat FauuioJPriday night.%307 Filth street, for the purpose of raising a Lincoln and Hamlin banner. Addresses were made by Dr. Foertch and others. The ppeeches wore mostly ad- dressed to the Germans, who responded by cheer affcsr cheer, and the meeting adjournad at a late hour.; A Bpccial meeting of the Ninth Ward Wide- Awakes was held at Bleecker Buildings last evening, to make' Cooper Union. Thay will turn out about 150 torches. barges and their splendidly made and drilled felbws. Perry whipped the British on Lake Erie. He thenand will be accompanied by the Na ional Guard baud, The *' likeliest" set of men were the Galicks, who drew an eloquent contrast between the Ohio of thai time and tbe Ohio of to-day, when she had $5,000,000BKMXTXT TO JACK MCDONALD.—Last evening about 2,000 of the friends of Jack McDonald, the trainer and «econd of Beenan in his contes with Tom Sayers, gavehim a benefit at the City Assen ibly Rooms. The au- dience was- unusually respect able in appearance and behavior, for such an occjsioi i, and the best of order prevailed tbroogaout the evenii g. A platform about 25lest square, raieed three feet at ova the floor, wa* thethis time had blackened with speotaters, cheered the winning crew. . :the great Clay of Kentucky were alive to-day, they would be with the great Republican party, fighting for freedom. Mr. Breckinridge made a speech in Ken- tucky, the other day, near the grave 01 Henry CUy; and if he had said anything of Disunion, the' bonei of the old patriot would have rattled in his grave till, he could not have been heard. Tno Republicans, like the early fathers, have put their all into this fight, and thoNew Canal street, to makethe final arrangements priorto the parade on Thursday night. The business wasstrain undue excitement. At the fixed time for the which whipped.' In Texas to-day they are hanging more paper every week, than the whole circulation of sports to begin, 1 o'clock p. m., the spectators were men for opinions It is said we are- eectioual; but is Virginia, with 140 00b copits to spare at that. SuchIllinois J.... .New-York. .....Havre..,.. .....Sent 22 Xieinsxer............. .JBoston ....'< Gal way......|..Sept. 25mentary to the Wide-Awakes of Washington Ciiy. Some seventy name3 were added last eveniog, and toe Club expect to make a large turn-out on the night of the parade.—A regular meeting of the Seventeenth Ward Wide- Awakes took place last evening, at their rooms, No. 169 East Houston street, to complete ths arrangements for the parade on Thursday evening, on which' occasion jhey will muster"about a hundred men, Fonv namesMr. Boole was in uncommonly happy mood, and dis- No decision of any Judge of any Court under Heaven, throughout. 1 -charged the responsible duties of his office with much contains so diabolical a.sentiment. In a land where . Mr. T. B V A F BUREN was next called on; and he 1-11 men are declared to b<j equal a Judge declares thatrelicacy and g'ace. The courte having with gone there are men who have no rights that others are boand proceeded to give a humorous snd lucid exposition ofwere added, and tie Club, adjourned io participate in an<l the Alpha, of New-York, •by William Windover'and Apdrew Latham. The start was made at thedischarge of a gun. The course covered five miles, • '•—At a meeting of the Eighth W ard Republican the tame in all the races. Wnatever may be the ad- Association, held last evening. at Metropolitan Hall, vantage of such a length of row as a teat of the.endur- Prince street, Andrew Bleakley, the President ^u the ance in steed of the oarsmen, ths excitemeat for the Cbair, a resolution was adopted heartily indorsing the ppectat rs is much diminished by the protracted absence nominations made at Syracuse. A Committee of Con- of the contending boats from sight. And this dis- ference with the Eighth Ward Lincoln Club was ap- couragement was increased in this instance by themul'itndes of boats which, ecar^ly to be prevented from hindering the actual progress cf the racers, inva- xis bly closed in after them; and shooting wildly about in thfir wake, confused the senses so that to discrim- inate between podtiors was impossible. The moments of inter* bt, therefore, we e on'y those of the start and the come-in, ai.d the iutervals Were not easily sus- taiied in exciiement. The boats were pulled round the stake-boat from west to eaat, makiog two turnsthere and one at the Judges' boat. In the firat. race the Alpha won, completing the circuit in 48 minutes, 3 seconds. The Maggie came in about half a minute afUr her, and the G=met was tte third, the Fiah'beingscorn so damnaole a sentioient as that uttered by Chbf Jus\ice Taney. He was for Abraham L'mcoln, be- cause he stauds on the platform of the founders of the Constitution; because he believes all men are born free,#anfl equal; because he believes freedom is national, 'and &?avery sectional; because he would give free homes to free men; because when . Douglas and the Belleyerett men, would plant the slave blvck, he would erect school-houses; when they would plaut the slave mart, he would plant oharches; t id when they would plant slave plantations, he would give free homes to free men, to preserve them to freedom, for Auerican industry. -Mr. Douglas mad a the discovery the other day that Pennpylvania was not exactly so well protected as she ought to be.. Bat a man might as well lie down with a crocodile to sleep as to trust the Democracy, or this new convert to protection, withthis great interest of protecting our industry![Mr. Horace Greeley here came into the room, when the whole audience burst into a cheer, follojwed by the Wide-A wake Zouave cheer.)Mr. BuiCGS.Bbid they were making a good deal of fues over such a fanatic* [Rene we'd cheers'.]Mr. Briggs went oh to say that he was for Lincoln, because he nad dignified labor and made it honorable. There are men in this city .who have grown rich on free labor, who tell their employees chat they mus' notShirs-Blarche, Bay, Livrrr>ool, J. S. Whitney it Co.; Con- stitution, Jouetr, Liverpool, Williams & Ouion; Levanter, Brown, Hong Kong, A Ladd. .Barks—Ocillo, Ashby, Mobile; Pawtucket, Leighton, Havana. 1. B. Gogor.;Brigs-Roseway Belle (Br ), May, Baltimors, Galway, Casta- do «t Teller; Galve»ton, Whitfield, San Francisco, W. T. Cole- man; Cygnet (Bh), Baia«r, Sackville, P. I Nevius 4t Son.Schooners—D. B. Bayles: Jayne. Apalacbtcol-, master; Arctie, Hicks, Georgetown, Sufi'ord it Oodge. Castor, Stickn«y, Litbon, F- S. Schlessinger j Presto, Moss, Fornondina, C. B. Dibble.Arrives!.Ship Neptune Peahody, Liverpool Aug. 8, indse. and 247 pass. to C. EC Marshall1it Co. Aug 20, 'at 4<;, Ion 49*35, spake s'lip Georgo W^shinaton, Cummings for Liverpool; Sept 1, lit, 44 52,^the banner raieing at Mr. John Lambrecht's Hotel, No. 307 Fifth street.' vBRboKLThe Rocky,Mountain Club have resolved to hold weekly meetingc in the wigwam, Pulton street, oppo- site the City Hall, Brooklyn, through the remaining portion of the campaign.Tbe meetings will be held hereafter on Monday even- ing of each week.'pointed consis.iog of J. J. Shaw,.Jas. H. Oorwin, W.F. T. Chapman and T_. McDbugal., Immediately oii]••_ • ' *-.-'••THE BROOLYN MERCANTILE LIBRARY.—The rooms, Ion. 56 32, exchanged tignals wi h st<ams>ip Persia, beaoe forJsttt evening, in full uniform, with torches, and accom-by betters, but the predictions of those who knaw best,v- the sum of $25. Entrance fee $10. Th-re was a great,friends of the c-mse, went off to tbe yacht about 15 goes there of itself. This was not the doctrine of Con- o'clock. .The river polics were oat in strength, ani by gress for 70 years; it was not~the doctrine of Marshallspoke of the difference in ihe action of tbe Demcratic Asia Leinster......distanced. The first prize wa9 a champion flag and a vote for Lincoln, for it wou.d injure their Southern puree of $20;-the second, the sum of $10; the third; CUBtorn. But the Southern men'hate these doughfaces,the amount of entrance fee, $3. Tne shores, which.by and like an honest, outspoken man. If. Webster andthe expenditures $7,639 18. Next year the association boams, Stpt. 9, 80 utiles S. E of the Ilighlauds, saw Biem. bark Tuixko, bound W. . ...The bets were most briskly made on the second raceof six-oared lapstreak boats, for amateurs. Tne Eagleand the Galick, of New-York', and the What la It ? ofHoboken, were entered. Neither the boats nor their Wide-Awakes will lead them on to victory. This is a*.', «'arrangements for aitending the ratification meeting a. crews were' as impressive as the famous College memorable day;, forty-seven years ago the_gallant 1DEMOCRA TICThe Breckinridge Democratic County Conventiontheater of the entertainment, and Mr. Ned Priceofficiated as master of ceremonies. A set-to forming an escort of the Republican Association of the showe 1some handsome muscle. They are strong ms- worvh of schooihousee, and $10,000,000 worth of naled a "clean" ticket as folio we:f .. •»- between two lads opened the play, which., was terminated by one of the j oungsters knocking nis opponent oil' the atage. Nsd-iprice and Aaron Jouea .: then put up their hands, and aft sr four rounds of pretty -fair fencing they gave way. 11eenan and Jones nextappeared, with the apology for the absence of Mr. Ottignon, who; was to have utood in Jones's place,Ward to that meeting. • This company will take the chaiics; members, we learn, of No. 11 Hose, between churches, whoee spires7 point to t&at laud where the>Sheriff—John MoNaroee. j aSypcrht'ieruiciits of f/w J°oor>-Firit District, John Dclanev; Second bftirrict, Casnsr Urban.Coroners—City, William' E. Murphy, County, Winaut E! BosnettJustice <if tietirioti*—John A Emumni. •KtBclaiicna advocating nuion were adopted.right of the first division on that occasion.K-The Fifth Waid Wide-Awakes had a street drill The start was good. The What Is It? was favoredsubject is equal to the king, and tno slave on a par with his master; Mr. Briggs was frequently interrupted with loud applause.The Prairie Songsters gave another song.<No. 17).SAILED—,^hip W ebfootWIND-Suuiet, S. .;.'. cj jwhich and the boat their pride and affection are divided.n.panied by a band of music. Their line of march was were eubse<iuently verified, not in favor of that craft. The PRESIDENT tben introduced " tbe goutletnm from Oregon," wliejaMr. GUEEI.EV rose, and was re-"'"..••'• • " •'•«'..By TeIes«*ttpH.throogh Canal street to Watts, through Watts toGreenwich, Greenwich to Hubert, Hnbert to Hudson,The Eagle was badly distanced, and the Gulick was ceived with rouBiug. cheers. He mid he had news timed in 37 min. 07 sec, beating the What Is It? from Oregon to-day, and she was all right. He thoughtSA V ANNAH, Sept. m—The screw »t*«mshlps Huws#riBe anJ FlltE AT LAKKLAND STATION.—A fire Voke out iu MOVID/; N'.emonlirr. h«*tej^sferdsv afVrnoon.that he vim kept away by (lomsstic affliction. Of Hudson to Laight, Laight to Varick, Varick to.North about a quarter, of a mile.. Groat satisfaction was if the vote could he taken to-day, Lincoln would have a majority, in this city, there WUBSO nmci coufueionCnunty, about 4 o'clock yesterday morning, und tho entire »truc>- u«ol: barks S. X.' Brvont, joue*- Orons«adtt H.-iu H.utg-«, turo to whioh w»» attached:a grpoery-Htore, waaosusunied. Delano, Stockholm!brig Mvdford.Phtauey> *•«*•. w Vrt , .course the champion was br«ueiy cheered, and as Moore, North Moore to Hcaleon, thence to West expressedwiththisresult. Firttprize*,championflag amongthoDemocrats. They wore fusiog aadrefus-NEVv"-ORLEA.MS.Sopt.8.—Ajir.shipsJarWest,New-Yor*; Martha J. Ward; Boston.l>i»nwtori«, Arc.- if —The Br. schr. Wren, from Kingston, Cu\?u.Ks"oN S«'pt. IIJa., bound to Now-V-rk, with a cargo of logwood, U at Qua;an. j*.,-honnd to N.M».Troinwasasleepinthestorewhenhowasawakouedbythe might be sopposcd, did bi-pOest | odseerve the applause. Broadway aud Headquaiters at'Lait-ds. There were and silver pitcher; Eccorjd prize, American silk ensign. ing, till they don t know where they are. It wus con* Miioke and hout, und forcing oi>e|» the bick door by main ntr»>nirthtibey passed. This Club- meets again on Wednesday her irjcn shipped uu oar und.threw the crew off theirdoubtful if aii)body will vote the ticket 8',r,ight*;Untitled DocumentN.-ieminently propitious, and had a trifle more wisdomHe defended the Republican party from the ch irge ofTnird avenue, by Judge Brownell, of aqaatic celebrity,occasion the " City Wide-A wakee" dedicated their platform of 1856 went one step further, andou that doc- new room to tbe Republican cause. This club, was trine Mr. Buchanan was elected; but he was scarcelyorganized last April, and has how 132 names in itswarm in his teat before they attempted toforce Slaveryroll.TEts officers are President, A. M. Coffin; Secretary,YEARLY REGATTA OF THE EMPIRE CITY lately procured the room at No. 638 Broadway; which their colleges and schools, and a threat that they should New-York. IMPOHTH—1.400 bbls. Flcur. >164,;00W«h. Wb«>»t,'.rot come in till they were 93,000 strong. Bat Kansas G2,h00 bukh. Coin, 6.000 hneh Oat^, 8,400 bush. Barney, 3.100CLUB.Yesterday was a hopeful day for the cause of physi- quarter station for Wide- Awakes. The iroom was There will be-a man.in tbe Presidential chair directly,do. Rye. EXPORTS—4.000"bbls. Flour. 61 000 bush. V heat, 17.S0O bufch. Com, 7 500 busb. Barley 4.000 b -sh. Rye.they mean to keep open day and night, as ahead-cal edoci ion, which Prof. Nixon- has at heart. Clear early crowded to i(s utmost capacity, and many were who will reach out a helping hand to Kansas. I'ne light inquiry ; holders firm -, sale* about 1 3(X) bbia. VVUKAT inAI-HANV, Sept. 10, 1860, 6 p m.—FLOOR: Supply fair/\Ht!r air a d snnshine tempted many people from the house; obliged to stand in the hall way. Repoblican party is charged as section-il, when light demand; sales of 175 bush. White Michigan common at $ 140 550 bunh. U\t do. at $1 481 8.000 bush, prime do., to arrive, Atalidieafter8o'clockthePRESIDENTcalledtthetheyholdtheprinciplesofWashington,whowasat6150,and3,0(0bush.Whit-*X'-dimnonprivateterms.RYH meeting to order. He said this association had been supposed to have known as'mu/jh of the true tneorv of Is in some dirnancd; salt?s of 2J200 b>aukdh , in lots, at 75c, aod 400 fresher and brighter by streams of life, the prodigals of formed on a kind of missionary principle; to sSrve in this Government as S^phen Arnold Douglas. And' ou bush, at 7Cc. CORN is quiet and transactions light; sales or 11,000the'hever-tiiiogpanoramaofBroadway'wasmadethe Summer, returned to the fatted calf, mingling de- any of the Wards of the city where they might need down for fifty-eight years of legislation, the same bush, at 67'®68c, 'ho outside quotation for car-loads at East Al-and willing to work for the Republican'cause.The Prairie Songsters were then called on for a 80Dg, to which they responded, and called forth hearty ap- p l a u s e .He was speaking in Connecticut before the list elec-tion, and a prominent lawyer of this city_was speakingtbe only laud where a man may not speak out boldly for Freedom in all portions of it. In Old Virginia, theyou come over on tbe right side 1" *' wj&y," says he, '• I was torn in Ireland, and I cannot bMBn^tuing elseSteamships.Prince Albert Northern LightLeave" For.garden and the adjacent lands afforded an uninter-ruptedprospectofthescene."^Anadmissionfee was MoiherofPresidents,itisto-d*yapenitentiaryoffense thanaDemocrattillI.die." .[GreatlaughterP'-fitethen Africa..Z>«*c New-York..... .Gal way.... ...Sept.llto say that the master has not tne right of property in made a telling contrast between the btates o:Jack has given thisinteresting and comparatively novel asked of visitors to the Park, and a^capacious dancing- another man. He thoughLthis state of things might York and Virginia, showing the vast superiority" 4go. s • • • » • t...Nuw-York New-York New-Y ork.Asp.nwalL. ...Septir. .Liverpool.....Sept.12 .Liverpool.. . . . S e p t l 4New-York lice were guaranteed, and famished in sufficient num- ginia; though if any one went there to excite insurrec- City of Manchester.. New-York.Southampton...Sept.15 ..Liverpool Sept 15 aio'char^ed with haviug drawn on the Museum for —A meeting of the Seventh Ward Wide-Awakes bers to guard the grounds from intruuers, and to re- tion let them hang him if they catch him; but in the who cai-not read or write. New-York his' one America ',. -..^-... Boston ..,.. .... Liverpool S-pt.19few, although the crowded fleet of small boats on the Freedom sectional ?. May we not think as we please,It is now declared by the Supreme Court that a blackman' has no rights that a white man is bound to respsct. speech, as they had been plentifully interspersedHe believed it was onlv' by 'trickery that we could ed, and the boats took their places—drawn at a previ- and they have no redress. But there is a higher, be defeat' d. The people were aroused, aad the younglaw tban all Constitutions. Manis more*sabred than.ous meeting—for the first race of foar-bared sculls, Constitutions, and a w|*ong. done to one maa, be he men are wide awake, and they will triumph. . "krepelled the bribe, aud defied the threat, most nobly.He congratulated the Wide-Awakes on this occasion EXPORTS—400 bbls Flour, 130,000 bush. Wheat, 60,000 bush* npon their organization, and the young mem of the city dling Horace Greeley s 'old white coat; and another Corn, 13,000 bush. Oats. 'Humanity. Lvud cheers followed Judge Culver'sPassengers 1ArrivedY3ST< ITEMS.; **iof the Mercantile Library have been re-opened for theeeaeon. During the recess a new ladies' reading-roomhas been fitted up in a superior manner, and shelvingenough for the accommodation of five thousand addi-tional volumes has been fitted up at a cost of $500.There are now in tho library fifteen thousand voiames;Live!pool. peSHOge.Tho Neptune lias had light buflltng wlud« tho entireBRECKINRIDGECOUNTYNOMINA TIONS.met at Ea&t New-Y ork yesterday afternoon, and nomi-the hti S ©use of Mr. Charles W. Train,at Lakeland Station,'Suffolk BOSTON, Sept.-10 -Arr. sh^pUty or ^^%nJ(l^THuudlion InHuranoo Conpany.The buildi:a w*a oWa'ed bytine ind>tn»».—I Byttlegraph.Mr.bemut'l F l t e t o f Now1'ork.MARINE JOITJRN&L.SanFrancisco.—i '••Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069s,MM \,•« www.fultonhistory.com 