 ^.SouthamptonApril18, thisfreeRepublicfoundhimselftoaworseeondition, passtdAaJlerDee.U.CapeafOMd„ frloEbSaNbAlRy and Saizxs, will forward her newa tiy this and nearer to actnal slavery, toan tke same class to ^a.toeoadhae kCo. F iiiei hiaoed iSi j1I«ltta«« tjlM-kMli in Ua lata, ttaagk •«- t«VnaaeWUiad«(B aiUMriMa. Sniakea"BtPatiiek'sDay."t. Tht Vnittd StattM. Knilo-" Star Spangled Baa- tally prepared himself.Alter somaremarksunlilbeenas a la tka the Lyaa akoeatakars and otbar strikers ia Maaaa. deputy clerk,BtMauUpMaatkana. fla«er, _V _pi),fc'p, iflto frfnflyUM BaM. la Ika laraaa, a< ikaef Eaglaad,erlmiaai, Iba defendar of iniarcd raUltaaa, oneMorrlsaala. aa ka waa—Ilk C!*U« •--'- '•?.'."15*^''*^*''''"J1^<1"*««»TM"raiaesaBtaUea.NH>aK]Ji0LT BSJSn,M<iMllllll«day greatputaata,'Biagai ,Paraaa, LawSlI. Bio JaaeLlatihiH robair,explainedtheotgectooftkemeet-« in it« Chorobes—Bto- ila lba««llsaoe of ikelr adopM before tka eyes ol a gaatag world, lepreaantattva Mr. Cnnaa B. TiMiaa. a geaOaiaaa lasldiaa la caaaUtsd....A. WiTBI STBXBTB OF TBB CITY. Aiiiiiiw>ii«rciiMnma—>l«iiiii1»ii nfliiittytke parteolar year, tkateoBunenced with the stiag-edgedbcin-stiaet, bletdiag tnmBaa Fi ; Oooaec. Joed Brigham ; Bale, Boliiiaa, BoaMashatun, Olxoa.ka^aaMatand the charge of a galvanic battery, wlticb •» ^AawBas, with prodent defaranee to tbe Inflo- aaaxfamtary, kept In a cloaed box, labeled simptylisten to Mr. Massin, upon whom he vronU call forEnviJiB KxiLcH wasfor repeating bis offenee of preaohlng firom the CityStates. This onght not to be, aad must not be. Let the worUngmen of all classes and trades unite t»- getoer and protect toeir rights. Let them show toanSdhiMpBfGorldeFnebL.ight. 'Br.,) Qiilaa. Uvm1, wito coal unomHasexpeiieneed kean weaterlr gand has been a ds. off HoekT flandyIwith cheers.Bipbixtk Ckim-Sow «f St. PatrMitkylasaaa ; andaathatoStag at tha aaaeaSoilraB la in fraat ef tka Tma Oflca. ledgad^< «M i«adai| iTHafie.a had kaaa koaoraa— aatd-.- It aft»r<a ma gntt piaa-of oor sodatr. There is.. ........ _M!ialloB In this wort 8ov- assembled swayed to and fro.roof ofAeoaisdar- au, to wkom ka passed Oa watck, eaeaped.lalaa«*lln«««Kfiiyifcr.weBderfalta <kk, tta paopto wan pesMsble. aad Mt 4l|M*dM> kidf adoMD teo- flk* !»»> Of St PsWek ra-nk fttenlKtH^bMai^ U *** POOtUM-wasyear of the eommeneement of the AmeneaanaTiaB.TSwnoa respoaded l>yJvuA BiaaxB. a doawatle ala tke iuploTad aoet-Co.iwbeae clothing waa mailad T. A. Oil- iMT, FtldaT Bight died la a call at SaMz Market dSrtaoBUkaena,awebsiat.ker ke kad baaa eoairayed iOs anppoaedThe Strike ot the^tkan, «K>tl>«r ud dkac^ten,a of partolnoaHalifax, delphla, .V«Hi BalK _ >^. «•««K«ny.'•*- aana ot Erin, on tblf ««o«*maBrtfeaMatawd Itet Ikere ware a great manymoeh lAtoBleated,—(or the test waa to-night— looks at a baseoftbeHimalaya BKmntalas,hasevere a blow on tha headr eTident aU OTer the City on Satordaytacle of national pioapeiity In Iralaad sneh as liaa luitbeen witnessed dnee the birth of St Patrick. It Ismy giatafnl plaasnre to reoatd. a* tbe reanit of tkaOperattrea.IN AID OF THE LTNN wood: 8. HTaaars. Masasan.»aasaa; M.t Tb*V<JiotB<B —I la all ata(ea of Intoxiaatlen, bom Uses ofateaaishipa,adltlon in whlcli a man aweara«tea>l roads. pra*«tta such an exanpla as die sever pre-be badUeatmcDl at Bellavne HospltaLBostaa, ; Okaaa, MIBs. M. tkaa A.JBMres,abovt Oa"(. Civil and lUligicmt LOerty.asfollowsPar apart to space, bat Identical la sentiment''^^^J Steamer Dawn. Ferry. New-Bedted. aM"k ^^bad tbelrbanda full.Boainea"WUakyIn tkelaiBiilj at tt* ToifAa. An anbtokea imeaadoB past year, tke dtmiantloB of rrtawi the axtensloa ofA MASS nmao AaB.C. ', VaivaylT. ~, ofeAeara In wmitinf on edaealiaa aad the expaastoa ofladaatry. Tka elreum- stance tbat Iielaad haa bow l>acoaM a dipftt for foorThcB Mr. Jean BaaneaAB, whose aatry into Ihaball kad been wUh hearty cheers, was called greeted "vaaaak, pwpoiac—Ai» pbox thi on- master: 8. e. Jsaaa. Bad»'t6 <U tfea woT^, and la anzhnw to aaArae* eonelaalon he annonneed tkeragnlar toasts,as UA-Mr. BaocoBAB, while aeknowMglng tkat ha sel- domrefusedtospeakwlthentpnpaiatlon,deeUned totKblBg so frnitful a theme wkea ke kad not par-ware yarted like eattle, Qi« far prlaeaen in ttie Coart, ei«w4 ovtaMa nnnfDal faatl i lty reigned.:countrymen, toe Germans, toand to H. B. passengersajea,Uvestooor with board,C«ad MUle railtbea."tog,CniBwd * Oa.variaiha noniacwai no type oftke real enjoy- mmt tkat Ntgned in tlie Iiiali qnartera of tlie town. Taaac awaina and tbair fair, wlw bad boar<ie<l t&elr9 Woman.Tbe President said that htfon doing honor to the toasts, he would call on Mr. Buipeov to sing tbe " Minstrel Boy," which he did so elfectively that tlwheartily In the chorus,XX' Alderman Bsadlit next responded tirlefly to tkesentiment,"The oaaactty ot Irishmen, wherever tbay are8teuB«Ptiie«i.AHrlah, ftoTkhaa^aad, radiant with all]tbe of eolors tbe spco-IHe was that surprisedterday there were special services in all the Romanaoppreasion.to,BarkCbane>ij|e,(Br., of LoBdsn.) Hawkiaa.r.fjfeck.,)be was greetedthe boors o< ker brief freedom he should have been calledgaily uponearly mass was celebrated by Bishop Locgblut,condition of toe latmrer to thisatcountry, tin presentrUltle ddldren, arrayed more gofgeoasly thanBI5S.ila tha dirt, aad with peanuta and orange- tbe inner child ai HMitm If not ad;Union,whenever pleased. He felt it a pleasure tbat he of Washinglon, preached tbe sermon, the text of Rev. Dr. McElbot, bss tendered an unanimous call to strikers, had not voted more lie- Charles DevertoB, seaaan, of CasfiaT aaad aI,I—RemainingonMarch9, 22244; discharged, curedjBad ajAat died, 4; re- struggling to protect its rights. The Union had coffee to E&kland & Ton Sachs.Antrad..Steamship Be Soto. Bnlloch, New-OrlcBaa 'Mkt"Lyna TbeyRev. HcoB Bxsav, of Chicago, to become the col- cause tot V did not know to wtiom tkeSt Patrick'a Prayer, a cent" rof the day in Broadway atrnggled I aide atraeta only with aubdued forae tothey was taken from the was permitted once a year to admit tbat be was an whichtoen, aooney was tooiaa offourth of Ec- chapteryears, fell overboard aad waaanamountofbeautywhichmade his bachelorheart Uitaaa earn q)preeiate, and even they only on " BL sUr within lilm. [Laughter.] When he looked atVaMekt Oar ia the moning."TBC PROCE86IOK.T<a aee tbeprooeaelon was the great deaire of al;admitted to March16,to lend assistance totrade whichAaMlMpoimlar eiuoymenta preralled, which onlyORATION BY DR. CAHILLAT TIIE ACADEMY OF MUSIC.TBS riDXLITT 07 IBKLAND TO BIR RILIOIOS ABD LIBEBTY.St Patrick's Day in the evening was celebratcJ tbrougbont the City in a great variety of ways, and ator maining at date, 221. Males, 191 ;readyany'Aa Hibemiana who did not constitute a part of It, aard Ika liaa of march was thronged. EspeciallyAtween S and 10 o'clock on Saturdayingston, Croeheron & Co. Steamship Montsomecr. Berry.ih wak^^^ Col!No matter'waafMafta eaie in tike Park, The crowd peeked the structed railroads and othera large number of places, but nowhere byalargernigh*.,todependent employers.of In—Wfctfctgnmtt-t difficulty that room wai mad«leave to offer toebegged followtog resolntlons:Wamsatta, Nye, New-Bedfind, wltk «lifc Taf tke FailKT of hla Country was placed there especial-iy fat their aceommodatian. They teeUfied theiraflbetlaa lioa the stataesqne bero by boldiog on byMalaga,'UB haada,hls ooat- tails, and hogging himakaat fta body. One urchin perched hlmcelf on tbe at him very suspiciously aiMi gave anotfire.Afetor and Market Insurance Companies, to cover his advances on the pledges. Thefix upon an evecing, and engage a suitable liall to^£^ "ahtildnr. and cM>raced tbe venerated forehead of Wamasna with a pair of ragged and dirty arras Ikat-adght well have vivUed tbe stone brow with apeculiar aslting lilm, ""An' what part of the ou Id country c re yon from ?" From the north of Ireland," was the re-place in the vad theatre. As soon as tbe audienceTie stuck In a boot aad ahoe store on the first floor was injured by water to the extent of $150, bnt the damageIs coveredbyaninsuranceof$300totheGeo, Kupper, Robert MeCatie.Resolutions, to German, weic also passed, tender-Bark Ariel. Cbeesmaa. Port-aa-Priaaa M~ar* Icgwcod and coffee to C. L. k A. Feirla. veryheavyweatherB.ofBemnda."Sai^af indlgnatloa. Tbe boy proved to be Pa- land, out 1 notice -that most of them stay there.".ds., ptg ke., to Edmisteaj^1j^ij^."ftte of the Irish Apostle-MMKawattHltfAkaad efttBowakip;MaUaaa—Eaama Buasa. nara was aUeaa.too. wkaa Ika Brtilek Moaia aal.lad kalara tt.a graat ealprlt.wacBtka wkata world Hstaaad la tka giaat easa of maakind agaiast WaaaaB Hasnaas, aad tfcaa,2''^l!2lP*Sl''^ Sf"*^ aaaaiaaaee of kav-'laterbaa A.'^7Mr* Ok^-jaaatMiinBaalaagaonltnaetotkatke CoBBona of the aaeoeer of a mlgniyCkambaia-atreet Tkawonder,tatyatx. It brings na baak lo^ »»»•,. P«'*°J;„I? themagle of tke graad appeal, hamaatty aekaowl-B. OroBsweU k Co.gla Ito Amerlcaa ladepeadenee. " "• ""•J*First-street aad 8eoand«venne. Aalto tkat aor aadeat society cpmmenMd la tka yew ered tkat aurier t>i^ lafh of as aa aeoBser.by one of tbe dls ter koBsaAraold BUveraool, ifns.jBa<,1»8I, the year after that strugglettere is, therefore, a double dgnlfleanoe la tha wwdupon the praeent occasloB. Darmgperiod of fime that has oiaoaed, eaahnead lafaaiilytbe street to toke ran summary veageanea npoai the of- frightEaoab, under thetbe aealtibmlpmcessoaloa tbat It was he who didCITTINTELLIGENCE.An UiironrDni Cbabob.—Ur. H. S, Botijio-m>Bsalaoa,Na.tMXaBt Slavaatk'atraet, to davtaa from custody. Mr. Fobbbt, aader wkom Mr. B. kad BaasBBltB eztaadiBf qiapafty aad material aid ta'honoredbyas. , .a eterk——Steamship Patasaeo,' Lasfleld. Mrtl^aL ^M^^tern World.ke bad received a fraea the Just tolagrapbiadespatehHibernian Society of St Laaia, "to F. Perktos.,TU Prut.a. TJuPoet;OratortandDramatittt»fIrelaU—WkoTbe seatiment was daly benorad.aassengers te Barstew* Pooa.^^^ *«•'^""t.Tkea Mr. Heecas was called and sang tka for,{the•ekir ftoeeiaioB of green aoats tlmnigta Broad- have, by vslce or pen, dene heaor to their native land. "Marsellslse Bvmn," tbe Friendly Boas joiaiafTbe liarp that etioe through Tara'a hall."Mr. Hugnrthe song most effecovely.andSaint's commemoration is, be it understood, notHail steps. Ejuxtm refused to promiseBxAny were renewed;andwhenbearose to speak,Bnltoaa,Barrett,New-OrleaasH*,.i ^Wpbl Nelson * Sons.Jan. 27, and eiSraltar Feb. 3, wito (rau aad for, wages were bat the coast.compiledrequest,sanggoodJudgeShip E. F. Wlilets. Gates. Mew-Bwith theCo5-alone a holiday ; it is a holy day likewise, and the HoiiT that be would not preach again, and in deraolt tbelr brethren to Massachusetts tkattbey sympathized Ashley k Fisk. Towed to tUs City by iit certain- and that be rose at all was tiie result of that special capacity of theof CiuBBixs, convicted of and tbe murder,atnfle and to trades not so higher, manythronged ttiis great metropolis be had a right to feel boastiul in bis heart, not only of tbe beauty but ofproved successful,the virtue of those women. lie saw Irishmen tiuough tbe streets who bad picked up in some re- mote district a little green recollection of the land from which tbey came, three thousand miles away.Firea. PAWKBBOKIS'S SHOP.via Havana I4to, wito mdse. aad iisssiiimmakUwTin bispoetry,hatband should show histhoughthe obscure Irishmen who con-to Isaac Odeli.'cl«ed,*e^i»»Ib eoBClnslon, Mr. O'Goakaii allied Mr. Snr- oponso mtile eve- Catholic Churches In tbe City. In the cathedralto_stupendousfor tbe itself, God had permitted that one little sprig ture Rev. Dr. on the by Cabill,Steamerand passengers M Jos. Allen. >Steamer Delawars, Caaoaa, FkfiadalaUa. vMla—ft—i—bto F.Ship James Foster, Jr,. Abel. Llvarpool FA.to which tbe Irishman rejoined,aie a great many very noble men in the north of Ire-ply;O, yes;there-ingtbesympatoyoftbe German shoemakers of New-Buk Eva, (Br., of Tanno"peimittedtelliogHe had adAaeetoanarrivedal>out1o'clock. ThereMayor judgment,asdwiilehovgbttoelevatetaarnaaBwtuWo«n awaited their arrival, with Alderman Niobolas thoee dear ooes yon have loat, that your afCaction tiiefr reverence for the great and good pattr ^alrim, IS esoaaantf at- B4SaBaaaauR on one side. Councilman Paxup Cajcpbcu. «a tha other, and surronnded by various members oftka CUT Gofcnuient.Tka llitary, luular command of Acting Brigadier-be felt thut rs ci:izens of this land of liberty, tiseywould prove no :essfaitbi'ul and pu'rlotlc than theybad been in tbe land of their l^irth. Although he $61)0 bad 8ten2iiO,C(K) men under aims, yet to his mind, asbe looked upon this noble procession, so quiet, so or-Wallace. Has experienced veryHatteras. Uarch 17, while coming no tbe LewavaU much pleased with the military,the celebration of this great festival of St. ated under the Inclined plane used for lowering goods stoted toat were directed to ask toeKibby k Co.Brig St Viaeent. (of Gnysboro.) Gnion, Arlekat III Wjsi lall) with the drUi of the Sixty-ninth Regi- I have but one remark to make in plause]into the sub-cellar of tbe dry goods store of Messrs,<iT<w>t. was the main feature of tbe CoraoLLT,what we are able and willing to do fur this greatbeen tbe ctistom of ail nations, in all oi the ageschiefly by water, was done to the stock to toe amountfor which were to be made by a meet- arrangementstog of Delegates to be held on Sunday evening;ds.. wito coal to master.13 ds-, wito sncar. Ac., to Nesmito k Sons.pro- casalan. The Aneleot Order of Hibernians alone aaraed out tliree thousand men, in tweoty-two sections.American race. [Greatof $4,C0UInsured to variousIH A DVnLLINQ HOUSE.forlaches above the others, and«eeupied them filled a square and sat face to face.ed. M. Hushes, aopotated Keeper ofWashtogton- square, vice Thos. Wlilets, removed.scalded, and token to toe City Hospital ...ThatableomamenUwerr, manyof them, -aapedaUy for the occasion and suggesUve of the eventsdition to take that responsibiUty. [ Laughter. they proof,Why,The annualThe artistsCDAr.tiBToic, March U.-The sakr. J. B. tllsa.ftasst 'statqatta of St Patrick, inftoat oi the President, Hon. Judge Dait, excited con-^daiable curiosity, after a remarkmust a "stick" putwherever he may go, be a missionary in the cause of religion, and a champion of liberty.tbat of toe next lowest bidder. A careful calcula-next, to Donwoam's Assembly Rooms, 5Ioa- tacue-street12, experienced heavy gales. DartocattoatieB to the fact that the artist badhours,— was days, or a difference of four dollars to his favor. It only delay toe prosecution of toe work, but potsibly247 tons, rated A 2, and was owned by Trowbridge** Men 25, women Sons, New Haven. Sbewssosed aa a rerolar paakak•therarefrag.ble proof that therejnythl^ thought, said, nuig or done that was nothavetofootthebillsInsiachcases.92werebornfcst thoqgbt, said,theCROTON AQUEDUCT DEPART.MENT. WOSKTOBZBBSChlZI)OSPCBLICOOWrEiCrS.traie is 40 per cent, on gross sales, (BygrapaOaU<aca of several nations,* thecallstreets, and In tbe RomanUseif was• uponmetounfold ThePoets!you Tonight we havetheUirough pricipalBaakea>dfce.A. T, Boss-brig, of Bangor, from ProTUMao; kd. >»March IS. lat S7 40. Ion. 11 4S. Esoorlaia-bark, hence, 10 ds.aaet aaiangthemoratory,-Hi Band. When thePresident took his seat per.vms seated arovuij theand the Jlarshals MicHASL Krisr and Joiu« Giu- The milUuy, which io.ik the right of the line, consisted of tbe iUssgoldof the Winter months.Br. briir. N. W, strg.was pasMnfewen motaihan 200Tha aaat ptomiaent genUemen at the tables of the—;,ft,' _ ta^m—mmMplaced so that those wboTbe propeller Jersey Bine, prorloosly reported aakerf on toe Hook, tias been Boated o>.1in calling upoa him to respond, they made it appear asif he might be the "leader." [Great applause.] sahieh the Society liad met to commemorate. The And when saw his If they were not pleasedsugar, placed temptingly inhis composition, why theyeveningfrom the Judgedrew expanded theRepublics, which caused more applause, his seat.beresumedwas throoghout wiin aaecdotcs —K. sailed hence Feb. was bollTat New-Bavaa to tan, last,toere were 126 deatos reported to toe Healto U,JastefuUy decorated with theThelAttw<K>B«U-lHOLLOWAV'S PiLM.—As Spring changes the./• -preparedta iataar4toMa8> —nbaS'Of his favorite by a hoop of tbe most fashiona- "Tbe Poets, Orators, and Dramatists of Ireland"ble .dimensions. Accepting the artist's idea of the was then announced, and the calls for Mr. O'GoaHAKstyle. «f St Patrick's dress, it considered an- wu:67. There were 14 deaths by coiisumpUon,Baeeisoiok, March le.—The hull of tka siendd*has never beenciallyof ^^__^_____tomost proml- mere being the Green Flagmeet'rgof toe Croton Board on present..-„ ^„Isaac Newton—ship, from New-Odavw ^.^MMa^ T^"aad the -Stars and Stripes. The instrumental Eolestsreyd with poetry, as beat pocUy can be ataste for Ifca occasion was famished by Bod- in music, Ireland is thu nation, [Cheers,tails you they deaerve—thaia is one tinag about this land which ooght to make an American blush when be will tolerate for one moment the idea tbat there shall ever t e one star taken out of its Sag, or one constellaUcn out of its glory. While the North and the HoBlfc afa stoanUng and quarreling upon a ques-;insured for $e()0 in tbe Amsterdam Co. The adjoiiiing bidldlng, occupied by Joum ZiiiHia, wasTrlai' oad de Cnbs Feb. 30. wito tasar and sinlBMintas naSLgenius of her nature and nobility of spirit [Ap-closin>;,Patrick. All of you will agree with me. that this is acooperationmeTeddy O-Nlel."at the aaaual gathariag of toby Mr. BosTXXB a"nd by Dr. Cabbicbah, and Mr. ieventy-slx years, loradlato tke straat. OOear Pobcbbbeztla-fatally Maarltos, Tkaa. Oaaa * Soar;.before be came here, but never betore had he spokentfsaaa oa a monument," for though tbe procession CLaugbter.l In conclusion, Mr. Bau>T said, there is In so large a building or to so large nn audience as w as also slightly damaged by water.I ACommittee,consisttogoftoefollowtoggentle- Walsh,CarverkCkaae.HaabeenTda.H.'~aaadieitlaadtostartatIIo'clock,thelinewasnot onethingaboutIrishmen,whatevertheirreligion hesawbeforehtm. HehadbeendelightedbeyondINFBAHXBUILDINOBUP-TOWH.Soon after 11 o'clock on SaturdayRobi.^tCastuiasa 'bookbindery and dwelling house, was discovered toganMdontil after 12.—they pray God that the United and position may be,States may continue together forever and ever.measure as the i-iglils he bad uitneseeu that day. Never bad he ielt more pro'id of Irtcbmtn fian when gaziig ujxin the long proce«5ion of tiis countr>meo, marching tbrougb the streets with their banners, their caps of liberty, their nationala small in Fifty -second-street, between Ntothmen, was appointed to call upon toe German shoe-makers of the City, and solicit aid for tlie Lyimwito heavy gales.Bark Qneen of tbe Fleet, (Br., o#Tanaoaa,M.a_>'tht military formed on Grand- street, the right rest- Unless I have read [Great applause.]fraecstrikers MeUaUen. Glasgow SO ds., witoteTWlSLhistory tbe civic societies on East Broad- without any instruction, unless I have de-ceived myself about the truths which thatpractical philosopby teaches, there is presented in ihroagh East Broadway, they marched through tUs pleasant aoU upon wlilch I stand, tliiaCkatham-strcet to tbe City Hall, where tbe bead af soailB ti»a ataa pleasant which my p ta repose waitlag for thebuilding andTenthavenues,John Ernst, W. Fropllch, Geo. Kupper, M. pWtag oa Attorneyaray, the tight on Pike-street Countermaretiingoccupied DyJames. Hadheavyweatoer. Bark;spee-all tka ak>- Ut. Babbit Wiuuhb was next eaBed apon, aadriesae, Timsg, Bosiea. A. Ba«aa;_L_goingIB Afire originated from some unknown cause, be-' °*—-on toe sec- monuments and more enthusiastic assemblage than that which ond floor of the building No. S2 Roosevelt-street, oe- lauad open space in front ofthsCityHall, and It was of industrv In which the Celtic race displayed gathered at tbe Academy of Maslc to listen to a lec- cupied as a pawnbroker's shop by 6oi,OMaif D. Wius.be formed w hlcb would render toerathe necesaities or toe caprices of toeirreference to toe pronoeed aid to the Lynn strikers, lieand passesEerB to H. B. Cromwal] kSteamer Westchester, Joaea, Prorideaaa, iMiMfcaGnard, Jt James' Sootety, Hibernian National sired him to Incorporate in a speech in response to the proved to be one of the most glorious event In the apartment of BxKxiicTlsiAr, a fire occurred at 8)4 deaas, .QoanymeB's '^nioa, Sarslield Guard, toast named, [Criesof "Ohdont,liXeagooi boy."] He history of tbe wcrld. He entered upon the work o'clock on Satorday evening, in toe tenement houseTHE NEW-YORK BUTCHERS.Some of Ibe butebers of this City have been tofect-;alaai attracted maeh attentlan. At least ten tistics, but informed them in a very humorous way, with astonishlrg success. Prom the time of his andepidemic, lordam- of wages. They compiato toat although toey are gow, (Br.,) Aagastaemployed steadily throngbout toe entire year, eam- fbrTforfolk: MoBtkeUe,to Titog at toe rate of seven dollars per hundred head of moda, for Sydney. N. 8. W. Sunday—From toe Lowercattle, toey are barely able to support their families. tar Oharleston.that from a casual glance at the Mayor's pUe ofa, aiilch, it was acknowledged, was the figures, he had arrived at the conclusion that, pre- for several centuries the seminary of Europe, occu-t that avar took place in this City on St. Patrick's cisely In the ratio of improvement of tbe Society of pying the highest position in tbe art^ and sciences, Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, was the Improvement of and being unrivaled in her religious devotion,;and Xonnt Vernon, to1BMa must have joined in the dem-death,age done.CITY GOVERNMENT.STREETBXUOTALS A»D APPOIKTlfEKTS."Savsaaah';TaTka ronte-of the procesdon was through Broad- the City af New-York, [Laughter.] If tbey doabted way,aKmad.WasniiMToa'sstatueinUnion-square, ithewouldread*t*beMayoi'spileasproof. [Laugii- TonitaeBth-street, Seventh-avenue. Ttventy-third- ter and cries of We had much rather take yourAt>out tbe fifth century commenced the reign of the iUngsofIreland,ofwhomtherewerefive,andwbo, be regretted to say, laid the foundationa of those di- visions tbat have more or less distracted the Irish people from that time to this. He had often thought what a pity it was tbat Jouus C«9Aa. wbea he con qu'^red ISnglaod. 76 years before Cbrit-t, had not alsoCOMMISSIONER'SOFFICE. Bin the office of the Street Commissioner the fol-for advance of tliree dollars bun- Tbeycall an a perdred, and have resolved to bold meettog at Natloo- al Hall next Satorday evening, for toe purpose of or- ganiztog a movement for higher wages.STRIKE OF FOUNDRYMIN.»T T«I( BIOBLANDS.Mareh 18.atnat, First-avenue, Eighth-street and tbe Bowery, aad the otmoat enthusiasm greeted it at all points. Tlia iatempttm to tlie cars and stages was a sourceword for it."] As they appeared satisfied, without theproof in detail, Mr. Dotu resumed his seatThe toast to the Sister Societies was responded to very briefly, by Wm. M. Evasts, Esq., President oftbe New-England Societycluded his remarks by giving the ment, which was receivea ~#ith cheerslowing changes have been madeduiingtoepasttown, from Norfblk, eomtog to 8. of tka brlBneartbeBar. Wiadagkt,N.T8ANDT HOOE, Hank U. SBaas*.The mal- oanteats may, however, rejoice that St Patrick's:of gnatirmation tothe traveling Day ooaKstatonoa a year.public.Dkpxybtxr Oossn, of t'^e St. Nicholas Society, and others. Mr. Evaars con-andWhy was it tiiat the Irish people, so united in reli-Sometime one of toe workmen in Savory's Ills rriiiii nisilnilnii. iismtil oat aver _FRIENDLY SONS OF ST. PATRICK.—jtaatWM At TH> nraopouTAH spuchis orJ17DOS BAI.T, JA8. T. BSADT, BICH'D 0'OOIU(A.M,WM. M. STAUS, AXD MAST OTHimS.Tka Saeialgr of Filandly Sou of St Patrick gather- ad at*a HetrapeUtan Hotel oa Saturday evening hr fka poipoaa of doing honor to the memory of tlie patroB satnt of Ireland, and celebrating the seventy-of thebr owa organization. TbeitCharles S. Dougherty, removed.Patrick McGinness,B^UM.«CW-BEDFOBO, Maiek U.-Tksaaaivaraaiyit he would read the toast—" Civil and Rellgioui, tlie Protea ant Kings. King Jouk, a Catholic, In Uie Bureau of Street Improvements—D. H. Li^erty," and lor a reaponse to that he would call was the great tjrrant, and the worst Puin'up, appointed Second Clerk, vice M. P. O'Brien,of trust The Healto Wardens of toe city as and she would possible, proceedon ber•f the hotel, under the Immediate and,has betD asevere hnrricaneship bad been di«ma»ted, and wouW Prob»w "-_---tfeare was a change from the usual form, inlilstory — there were loud calls for Mr. CuAai-ss A. Dana of the sive English monarchs, down to the present timecorn tow this me In tbe Bureau of Lands and Places—John Carr, TiBOTBV Kiu.r accidentally fell toto a cis- cargo of teas suJ pot leit waaMnHp,.,;tkosa intended for theTka tables wore elevated some twelve or fourteenTrocy, removed. Jos. Wagner, appointed Keeper ofprincipalofficersand guests.bad retired, tiiera were calls for Mr. Colx of the Irt^h Amtriean^ and Mr. Johh CtAjfcr of tbe Weekly Ltader, Mr. Claucy finally arose, and said he bvl been look- ing around to see If some of the Dally Press would not respond, as he felt be was In too " weekly" acon-bad been and trodden down persecuted,of Gold and He was res- Tillary streets, Saturday.ashore, whe n(he was strained, ker talaakaara caastogpersonal" removed. James upon Dr. Cxuacaaxi. to sing Whan first I met foe to her re.igion that Irelanl ever hil-Reiliy. appointed Inspector, vice 11. lespectdel Oceanna, fromBauvla. The bark Rstoa of Baiapa,regardtoLast night the win* blew agalafcam tteK., Trilnme, and when tbe I'resident stated that Mr. Da!<a slowlLghowperslsteatiy, and witli what unsparing appolEted Keeper Stuyrestont-square. vice M. tern of hot swill to Mabli's distillery, corner and the rchoorer parted one e( ker ebalaa aad waac"Inspector of Incumbrances onWharves,vicewithin It, ai.d do the Iwst they could,a brief remark upon Uie Infiuence of the Press in allevery man,His address, tbe deliveryof whichoccupied two tonBoard,givestoecontract to]Mr.Walxisbytwowere renewed, Mr. O'GosMATidelivery.Saturday was duly observed throughout Ihe city byfemaleswas sold fcr carsnonhoard$12,780. One-thirdefcargosaradsalBawarded forabout$sooo. Thesalvage bytkamaaia-amidsome introd\ictory sentences, spoke In stiostance as12fevertoe United States.;given unity should fo.rever be divided inpeople.Tlie love of liberty, tbe sentiment that gave birth totbe Hntlment that mtde it tbs shrinetiieirtbelr poiltici-ins always did. The divisions fomented Cornell,tills nationtowards which the footsteps of pilgrims from every l&ndremoved.In the Bureau of Lamps and Gas—Jacobomply wito toeir demand. To efliscttbey luve been for several days, aad stlU are, en a;toeir purpose,following :senti-political sen- was tiecause religious teachers never betrayed them, whileship Plymonto Back, for Looiaai at iM. one brie (otog ae tke Bay. OaasU^iI[.\pplause.] Withtion made by Mr. RoBxaTSOn, Chief Clerk to toe Cro-MOBIALITT.—DuringtheweekendingSaturday tookfromhertheeapt^n,crewudoneyasseager. Thaand after follows: The potts, orators, and dramatists of Ire-aded beard,inmoreeloquenttermsthanmine,orany CatholicCburrheaaHighMasswasobiervedbygreat cheering, sung or done in Ireland. The land—what a long roll of honored namesat of Irelandtbeassociations whicheelebrated toe in Brooklyn dayunder Ja«x« Brai>i.«b and Jauss Mc-it favora-fsce of nature from a torpid to a sUte of activity,attemptbest eiproesloa of tbe for Ifso to their normal and healthyaroec,;surely ever any nation wasthe Erin FraUra^ Beneficial Society command of Marshalstoese remedies restorecond ition toe circidationcome slugslsb and vlUated durtogo«t,Mai<k«JM>««k Glad Tidtogs—ship, henee to Hav-Oilaaaa, tnrtlier toaii toe time prescribed by tbe ordtoances, ei- cept las in this tostance) otherwise ordered by toechoose to make general exceptions. This will be maUe, Wm. M, EmtM, Bepeyster fiideo, Jaa. L. honored among Irlstamer:— a name whieh I trust has atar tlie riiv Hall, a dltficulty arose between some good news to ihou.tuid.', of laiiorers who have t>eentingay with light joy, then suddenly subildluK into aLaborers' UnionBeneficial Association,. _- ---^,.-aAearsaadthebr guests were .Mayor Won,:.of a nation to staiid endeavoringup against auf-li' i(-e UacAK, and Emmett Artillery, Guarc, Cap".buildingMarch».Ut«»30.ka.M2S. _Jj.iges fertig with a light heart, aridClerka, Brady, Aikar and O'Connwr, Meurs. Jas. T. haa to never determining, -r,-. ., „if It endure, to despair, Willie I talk of Brady, Rlcliard O'Gorman, E. W. ,»toiighlon. v»a Irish music, I can surely nut pass by the name soU<e which were full of It ininripol strrrts, peipie.success. Relief is imme^ ccau a bottle.SB 48 U Ml ton.Stewart, Lourie, Ex-Alderman Bradley E- P. Bo;ie,MalcolmwoB hjnor In nation—I mean name every the ofnot like to ctand still whUe theaaiouaiy waiting for toe resumption of work, andFsuaeacera Amwed.S3 Ion. «». U.« »«.Chas. A. Sana, \>'nt- L. Col.-,dare to des-car driverf v,h,> .11,1De Soto, ifew-Orieant and Havana fromlat.Sea Lark— Victoria—.. lat. 38, lea.ghila.As soon as tlM dinner tiad been partaken of. fieBeen, and toe thousand other men Pluhut, who have won aINCIDE.NT.S ,'.ND AllRESTS.STKEET CONTHACTOB'3 BtlL PAID.Th^ Mayor, on Friday, signed toe warrant for toeYigo-steamship, baaee fOr Uvarpool,_ »aad Ikea desire for tbe p.-uspeilty "lto clean toe streets of toe City, but who, after a £. Mafni, Pablo Cardre, Fernando Coastaneio Beira,expresciig strongBaelety. He also aaaooncedThe detectives,tlie of a reception'°^7°i''^°«EDglL>h langii<>ge isAtPort-an-Prtoce. March l.bark Laysurn, F. farrga. C. Crdaneta. Capt James Wm- Fbikidelpbia. Brigs Delhi, do,,ti •«W«^«f>c?»»Kiw-from the Commandant of the Naiy Yard,arooklyn, and a number of letters from otlier gentla-•»«aw»akadbeeninvl'.ed, but could not be preseit *° »«tlon, forweek's trial, wito constant hindrances and opposi-, Delmscas.Jitlartlon was obliged warrantThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069It op. The Common Cotm"sall MiragoaM, in a day or two torUt next rMii a sentiment tbat had b«ea tnBfiaJ((«d. F'^*ligaed v.tIn bark JLr'el. from Pott avfrrW*~IU, andHavana,expressiontone of the deepest melancholy, we read the sad storyHEB. WIHBLOW'S SOOnaSO BTBDP. iUHoDs ef bottles are now used every year In toe»•.Thomasfilooaa. TheoratorsofIrelandMBr. W. B. Tonng, Mr. W. C. Young. Mrs. B. O. Denoi- York, was aslhginpa,lixed March U. off Sable Island.Campbell,John Claaey, Stapben I Massett, John B^-oughaoi,Barney Williams and Misaars. Prey and L. <e oi Vu. ecrate, as I ie.AT by any allusion I might do. the hon- horses wliii hi^ iwoid, but there was no damagewhoI speak, »..iiir(pared as 1One ni" Uie Marshals struckgruJi^^ied considerablysaw was aifnanseaam—dare 1column wi» p..--!ii(;. dune.thehaveat tl.e delay. MAYOR'S OFPltii.ored name of Gsattah, of CuaaAS, of ofFoo and S children, Mrs. T. Oliver, Mrs. E. X. Chace, Mrs. Alrbacb, Capt. W. Dyer, aaioBTllleon, T. C. Clark, r. C. Vamnm. a. L. BarrlsoB. Capt. Wailt, Capt. J.—President asnoojieed tlie reception of a letter from repuuilon wtverever the English language is read PICKPOCkK.TS Ui lllE CROWD AN C^irKOVOKEDMarch 6. lat. 42 06. Ion. BS SB. Tolant-bark, strg. N., March 1.n„».,wi a^Sav, Hoaeui, rsgrattinc Eu inabiU>7 to be pres.<<ut,and spoken—najnes known tomen that I 8«e many professionalto-night, and naims that wlU beof toe bill of Mr. R. Smith, wbo undertookBeatley, Joseph^'studied as a science yon(Applause.! I forgot mentln apprehending well known pirtpockets, wbot.?'i5n^e- wh^e-n 'i"*were busy among the spectators of ihi procescioa. A dozen or more were ]04!ked up at head.iuartsrsgiveuoB, bu; (he K»ydr vetoed thf l«t(*i^heiter, Francisco FernaLdez, Joae Raasn Faentes.^^tbeFranelsco I.«uis Fernandei, Bobt S. Bovirs,C-do. ; ,«vt<flf!igj,Sft-aiest of all. There was a the Infant eff4)rts of these colonies,toel! bad forbidden toe payment ofUberty, were called trea- «oa and jt^UMcd in Um iirlUsh ScgiaU. Tkeaand"" At warvJaB«l7.March M, b«rk 8«rla Neavaoa.Sir, attemptgieamshtpMrs. H. A. Canldwell. Mrs. L. A. Gray, Mrs. McGlU.:—brig, for OadU. Marek IT. Hendersoa. barn tondoa for<untilcraning,Btien those wbo had not been detotleUUntitled DocumentVihcr aad Mr. Po«sil.Iy Saaa la 1814, and stagtag anaate poem," In wktakMEeaKaede ;:with a quenceI tbe aeenracy of T.iwa»»» ud of GiBsoir.havingresieo by OtBcer Caox, of the Saventeeato Ward, was commlUed by Jostlce Stbus to await the result of Ike. Hatsa, Ooiaoa, CTatlesliia, Dalaar Awith characteristic style.nspondcdThere'sJag,"that ska haa axtanded her rail- nroB to respond to tbe Dramatisis of Delaad." Mr.EBOUAXBia.A aieetfaif of dalegatea if]iiiamiHin tke Taiioniamaa*Co.: J.O.Wittetls. kCa.:J.llas«aM, May.Baven, maater,OanUae, Mearin, Kkw-Sataa;letter F ee a vUU eienad. Off Banaaasealed-tiefort^ natSonal prosperity and saeoees. IndrasaaMsta Bienlioned in hiaFriday idgM oa saa- BieiOB of bavtag been a defaalter to tka H^tad St^aatrades ia tk^ City was held last aTaalac at 6ae.KoB-IfcaitijtoUatiawMcIt>aiaoaaUeto lows:I. St.faMckU Dsf, aad aif wto toasrU. Hnslo—In the aam of•SOO/no,waaaaSataidaydisekHged_ - „___^ T«P»ar ik»ilatpiiiBiii. wk<maa, I aaiptoad la say, saae*J« CaBaetlaa, liad kaaaa Irlabaaaa- Ksaain Bnaaa railersof Uiah hope tkat support tke greatBldridgaHtrtat iScuaa^raa•om- ekialaad•l,«W«ortkafstood lortk,Wcstmisslsr Hall wMk tka Ikaadar of tbat grand raagMkebtU: MaMeello Oramwaa tt SagV.NiA fell from fair ayea, tagafblrlkday ef Bt. PAnna toodenunciation, as stern faces bowed tlialr beads laparty aeOa. ; Martia TniasaaB,o(f No. » idkanrotoaat.waa B.Cromaeli kOaTT^aa tears aad all tke eoortwbowas found jetterdayr momlscCtn mat orNo. 67 Mal- Bbipa Jicob BeU.wraptaad Hast- blslriy remtehmebers that If Waaaaaqoarrcl amsDg themselves about 8 o'cloek on Satniday cvtBtag as tbey were passing the eonar ofpotato, broke the window" ta kM faea aad -.a Oa. Ckartaa Friabea,usaoftaded sgataat lawa of htiaiaatty, it quiv-thrown of the sor- near by, kept by jABas Easah, whiob so ta- eeiiied JcBB Easab, a young man, toe brotoer of tiieCORONEK'S' INQUESTS. •UDDtS BIATH.BOB for BBotker Mr. •• soat.of yoaaaMrs. FoBBB, Ko. 11« Walker-«0aa^Hall. Barbadca. SsoIO, Joaai —O'GoiBAic, not wisliing to consume much time iaspeaking, bavliig left IM toast to Mr. B.*oB,whowas oa apprabaadedrelative to the lato progreas of tke Ivlak race, lie eao- Roose of Rapresentatlves, kavtng ner." "fiiat akntelts. Aboutaad N odbtk, with sadsaTta O. B.ia ttair aims, Ben argsaenta- $. frsfaiU—Tbe liome of our fathers, ever loved and clndrd with tke soag, Oh, Ireland, you're My Dar- there waa noeomplaiat againsttolegrapbed klm. Mr. Bothistob^^b'uaATletlBaefyagUMeaklfl,withtoo_ I. OurSitterSocitttes—Wtweleonatheirrepreesata-behalf of toe printers, ikoemakars, kattors, eaipen- harm, bria with loss orfareaastkaad.llna/* for which he was asplaoded to the echo. was for seven or ilogleally the fact af tteir 4, Tlu Cjtji of ffcithYork-~Tlt» metropolis of the Wes- When tbe ekecrtog had ceaaed, tbe Presldaat saM Office, bat reslgnea toatin the cathedral wtiloh liears his name la Mott-atreet The day devoted to theagato apprehended yesterdayaa ~••Tkanapbaat"for oaaa fned from tke thraldom of tbe When the song was over, the calls for Jaius T. faithful are bound to hear mass as on Sunday. Yes- of the payment of (J fine, wras cosamitted for five wito them, and were ready to aid tkam to protecttog Lockwood.emblems, and, above ail, the stars and stripes of their adoptedA collection amounting to about $25 was token up was also da- for tbe benefit of toe Lynn shoemakers, and after dsE, J. Peters.ba on fire. country floating by tbe side of erary banner. And suied. AMr. Ca£ize's loss Is about $400uoin-Dartaa wito yellow ptoe and naval stores to mitand thrilled by in ahappyrecentlyemployed._ OiamaaB fortydalegataawarepRaent,oa ^aeeomTc&kOpassedabarkriSiSSS—ning to speak on that particular occasion to those grand high time, was fsr worse toan to tlie mastSheriff EsLLT on Saturday received a lettorI Of the leld, with tine Celtte glee roUed in whose veins Ibe warm Irish blood sUrrsd. It cer- of Brooklyn. He was assisted by Father Siaii«, the from Gov. MoaaAS decltoing to interfere in tlie case couBtry to Europe while toeir tyrannical Grnnd k Westerrelt. Experienoedh<afr<iFathera Doru and Wood officiated as deacon and sub-deacon, and Father McEvor acted as mssler of tbe ceremonies. A large body of clerics, Teaiha of mercurial eait peddled candiea Irish, In wbem, even fi the heart be dead in a man, lamong whom was Archdeacon McCaxxow, oc-;expenses of iivtog were double.was not Eet down In tbe programmeVlcai-General ;Bukraltar 40 d«„ with mdsa. to O. IT. Faults 4 Oau, iritk fraic 'Tissitilost.Brig Adlor, (Bresa.,) Martto, Aqaadma. P. «., Mja-of the Irish The upper pirt of tbe building was destroyed, In. Mr. Bsaut people to freedom and to the faith of their fathers. voir;ng a loss of (600. The loss on pledges willThat a Conmitiee of five beappototed fromgenltis, hisp*ad;mdtteboyaseemedtothlnkthatThok'sstatue thenalludedtoavisitbemadetoaruraldistrictIn Longl>efore6o'clock,tbetimeforopeningthedoors probablyamountto$7,000,allofwhichfailsupon f"ledtheirinternlooofC(opsrsttogwitous.psaiilsslw to paaa. Erery available place was occa-and his love ofrepresented,for toe of purposePerktos. mdse.andpassengerstoC.H.MarskallJtOa,•»,wl%^company with a Mend, to show the wit of the Irish. Mr. BBjinT addressed the Hibernian who was ezcavat-of the Academy, a crowd of men and women gath-two deaibs to stseraae.Ship Eastern Star, (of Bato.) Bearr,'*Yes, it is, or else I would not be doing it" On Mr.^eat sympatoetis maas-aacetrng wito oarbrethren in the Eastern States be held. mayThe resolutions were anaolmouBiy adoiited. andtoe Committeewas followtogbenp. sugar, ke for Boeton.That Is verv hard work you are doing." B. informing bim that be was an Irishman, he lookediuK a rock **:, toaiaatsr. Bid.to Bark Banaon Orecory. (of Baeklaad.) Ilj 1 1country.^Hl^^Bered about tbeat 6 o'clock, the speaker mafie his appearance on the stage, he was greeted with prolonged, enthusijii^ticor lossby wh'CQ mbuilding, eagerwhen,holdingdamagewith Belvidere,fidelityHesolvtd,tie various trades herecalling upon those Sccieties wbo have not asyetsigni*tbe poor pert ona who owned the property, the law Resolved, That the said Committee be empownered tofor entrance and ;toe broker liable forMr. Wiu.8 bad an insurance of $6,0tX) to thewas also in- wink, and boisterous applause from every seat and standing sured for $S00 in tbe Astor Insurance Company..Miihim nbe never was so overpoweredthem thathearing^ie begandressed large assemblies since behad been here, and Rutgersbyin his li fe.• lact. arretted ABaatvMaCiMR,ayaaag bntoksr,aad •!«• woitk froa]injuriesiafilcted. Mr. Lsvxbiub is oadarSUNDAT MEETINGSHOXMAKEBS. Bt.J«liB.ir.&.Bialt,Baa*~yotmg Iriskmea who kad been eelebrat-ardaally, engaged aoBsalttsd for an aucaigied aaaaaB apaa JoaB Boy,siBslBgMag The last regnlar toast—" Wamaa"-was responded proprietor, who aetod as bar-keeper, toat 1m ran toto deBtally ignited ker cloikes at tka grata, aad la ker BModiaid, CSaideaaa, VaaiSons of St tkara naver MAStxn, who sang The beait that kaa Holyfender.citiun, ebanocd to be pasalag at the awment when raracd. CoioneiScaiainBkaldtkelamHSt Amaa, Owea.the Fiieiidlywas an occasion on wliick Ihay e«ald took to tbe landPatilek,of their birth, or to tbe land of thair origls. wi(knever Fcrgsls.'*Judge O'Coaea, having baea called apon, rasooadadby raaoing a letter relaUva to a meatlag of tka Friead-D. JL Da Sckomera K. 3. Flokaa, Tt-m=n^,'of aattsfaotlon (hat can at the tkeymischief,St to rtider himpardy. The inpianlsclBrselblteia,r -atnenddeprl,ace his IMbeeiennjeaor-samepresent moment And wherevar tka Irtshaiaa may be"tbe events of thnt meauMable period were dcsarltiedtbefeelingwhether it be In the City of DotaUa or at the8.Hair BuaSkT*—Taker, Oaok, A\. .Mr. ApansT gobked the LavxaitaB, arespeotabie Germanbnt tka was lamer, aot aatU gtriWiigBt, Baikadaa. Biakoa « ,Press has lately been perfectiag, will lie completedSt. Patrick's Day and all vtko Honor It was now mldnigbt, and the party separatod la by tbe sslddle of April. Should this be done, tbe The time had arrived, ke said, when tha laborer to Bbip Jaahaathe great eeeaaioB, feadnlged to an anpre- «e4iMM«siaBt la i>eing weighed forapenny a-plece.aaTaaaf Iralaad fluew linga at a pegged board, shot When the second toast was read there were load SERVICES AT ST. PATRICK'S CATHEDRAL.gaaa at a latfat, taatad the atrength of bis langs, calls for Jis. T. Bainv. but the President suggested The absence of the Archbishop in Cbarlestion did channel. any eoustry of Europe. Particnlaily was tkis the toe eoast Been • ds. N. a/BermateTOatwere loud andThe first toastwttktwpint-abowadioreathrlviogbaalaeaa. t'r—wasthenhonoredwithbumpersandgreatenthu- thebestofhumor.siasm.gaatailfc* pawar of bia mnsclea, and tried bow well that before bearing Mr. Bxast, it might t>e well to not Interfere with the euatomary celebratton o( tiiepaanelarcalls for lis repetitionloag.placed,[ia Earope.—portwhich will leave Bataa, KeCallam, Bkato fill the tUtlon assigaed to them."classes to this eonntry wltk tkat of tbosaeight years positionin tke PeaslaBfor tbe oae ondar ters, and men of ottisr trades. Gaoaaa Gam was Bteamshlp Kenaehee, Hand,aM^ wtk^* "^"^Mr.Foxsiv. Heaaystbatboalnessofanrivatoehar-acter Indnced him to vlait this and ba denies tlie City,uuth of the story tkat has been circulated agaiast him.EXTZKDrD TELIOBAFRIC ABKAlteXinKTS rOKOsrAHiliia Fouior Nxwi.—It is hoped that the ar-rangements for obtaining news from tke foreignsteamers Race, which the Associated passing CapeeaUed to tbeand cxtiorted hiscooperate -wito tbe English ahoemaken of this Cityto lesdtog toeir assistaBae to toeir bieikian to Mas-saehnietts, and also la proteetiBg Ibalr owa latoregts isSTSJSl'*** «•: at boaie.Be was followed by Mr. Knui, who sp<Ae la e«r- nan, and contrasted tbe condition of tbe workingrant/fr&i/r,brlniiing tbe result of the fight betweenA Contthiaciods Btbut PkKAciBnL—Mr. case in Massachusetts and to the New-England and lOto iBst. eneoBBtered a vMsatada^—days.Gov. HoBOAN RgycsiatoemselveafromMr. McCabiht agreed wito Mr. KmsL that the«^^ -or retailed derotlon in penny packa- tliere was the power to produce a resurrection of It cupied seats within tbe sanctuary. Father Maouulx, West Fourteento-street, under tbe pastoral care of Satarday eventog, tbey bad voted $100 in aid of the enced very heavy N. and N. W. galaa a'oitainlyly was not part of tbe arrangementunhappy man will therefore be executed on the appointed day.high, theMarie,Voas, TriesU 1$da., f^t^eIrishman. WhileinBroadwayduringtlieafternoon,forty-clesiasticus. It was a paneeyric on St Patrick, andclosed by an eloquent appeal to follow the Satnt'a ex-leagueofItspresentPastor.Weikly Bkpobt o» tb» N»w-TokK Hospital.besent toeyout totended to tocreaseat the procession, he saw tlte Irisb amongandshould be needed. The Prlotors' Union waslookingwaiters ilopae of the town, where eeivant girls wno were also looking on ti>e scene ample,and abide by ills teachings.tion,Been U ds. N. of Battens. BilgTergeateo,(Ana^.jfemlek,Hum«Ja.kS«^Ktbe countenances of toe poor humble girls tbatreason was beeaose it was;—A Call. ^The Scotch Presbyterian Church inrelieved, 41 females, 30.Company. The aJ joining building, No. 44, occupied b; Pitbx Cavrb and Eswaan HABXimt,ot_h.. Ef...S..)F«Ry,buildingappototed by the Chair Charles McCartoy, James F. Motoven, Henry Lees,taazas leds.,with to MeteaU beenSds.N.ofBattseonasa.rpassedbythestatueofWAsaiveTOB,thusshowina yioyed. ItwasownedbyAdahT.nreisa,whoseloss eeiypaperrepresented,)forhispresence,toemeeting toPoEvert&Co.THE PRINTERS AND THE SHOEMAKERS.extendtog aid to, toe shoemakers now "on otber damage to head OMfcrAaBaataattaaaUafaatBraa ware tke tion relating to aaolhar race, ue heart of tbe Ameri- ("erly, so befitting "Jie time the occasion, it the Amsterdam. Several other frame bouses in the a strike to toe various towns to Massachusetts, was Brlg_Asterla. (Br., of London,) Woodeedt.an nauaaalty eiadltabla aWgaia liawra, Traop L., Capt. Baa-ande«naral4WaiBaa, pcaaaaladlikewise totally destroyed. Loss $500fuauf' Uj. LlBeventog. Several propositions were made, daring Brig Julis Deairle. (Br., of St N. John,eaai>ai<pl>i aaabiiiailand to let us generous enoughThe idea of tills country per-4c-. to master._ Iky that America is tbe heart oftke world, ar>d looks at the faults of men whereverF..) Doaa, 8t» toe discussion of which a deputotion from toe shoe- Jago de Cuba 20 M., wito sugar to J. M. AL. Da&a^oi. Miosin S. Sima. Tlie Mayor tbey are tobe foimd, and filters them tbrougb theandseen. Each man in the ranks, seen through the tears that came unbidden to his eyes, seemed the noblest, the bravest, and the best of baman kind. And we have gathered here to night, said he to «^ontlnue\suppofrcd to have been incendiary in Its origin. IK A DBY-OOOPS 8T0BE."great day for Ireland, and in my erJmation it is alsoTha dvlc societies, under the Marshalship of Judge and tbat Is to ask you to stand up here and testity a gre^t day for the whole Christian world. It has KiRNT & LocKwooD, No, 24 Vesey-strcet Damage, this City, at a time and place to be designated, and Brig A, Blaaehard, (of Boston,) Blaoohard, Bamadlaaapplause.]The Pretic'ent, when the cheers for Mr. Bkadv and to honor the b' rib- da>s of their heroes, their po-;companies$iU,000.Brig Panola. Vass, Sagna Ifoses Tsvlor A Co.14ds„ wltk saaar. Aa, !•-Tka Father Matthew Society was largely represent- were conclodcd, stated that Mayor Wood, who hal ets, thtir artists and their men of science. But what Elizabbtu Dsaoak, one of the "demonstration, and three were posed delegatesSchr. EUleott Ksaatoa Jaa. Hoaree,ed. The banners and insignia of the Sodetles were intended to respond to The City of New-York," had Is bistoiy, what Is poetry, what I? art, wnat is sci-occupantsto attend toe primary meettog on Sunday reau. Sid. from Messina to Qwa- pototed co. with bark Davll uaa-world, to celebrate the great events Jn their history,czeaaoingly fine, and a triumphal car, containing an been compelled to retire In consequence of urgent ailMorical representaticff oi an Irisii Biinstrel, was public engagements. In bis absence, he would c!\llsunset, 8. S. X. Maaa(kaB Social Club and Laborers' Onion finally promised that be would not produce the sta- of converting the Irish nation to Christianity, and met owned by THOa,ToBU3BOK, to Third-avenue, between ed wito toe Lynn and demand an tocreaae Bteansbips New-York, (Brem..) tor ^,laaok admired. Tbe Emerald Guard, tbe Romaa upon Mr. Doylz, the Assistant Dis'jlct- Attorney. MorigtoalSoon the t>edclotheE were to a blaze- The woman, pototed a Committee to draft andr. CaDtoUc Society of Brooklyn, the Garryowen Mus- DorLZ on rising put tbe Friendly Sons in a state of al- kataers, the United Sods of Erin, Caughlln Guard, most hopeless consternation, by Informing them that Uaaerick Guard, Barry Benevolent Society, 'Long- tbe Mayor, on retiring, bad left with him a cart-loadRnrExis.—Brig E. Remtnxton. Smlto, heaaa %k M*. Jand. The s;.euiver here gave a skelcsi of iJie lif« of s;-verely burred, was removed to Iho Hospitel. The expressive of sympatoy, and also tostnicted toe Com- bile, while at anchor in the Lower Bay, on tbe aAasaaaaAflica by Insh pirates and taken to Ireland at the age sbonmen'a tjalon, Biennan Guard, Independent or two of statistics bearing upon tbe progress and of 16, and then condemned to tead swine- But what Gaard, Hibernian Beneyoient Society, Jackson greatness of the City of New-York, wtiieh he had de- would seem to have been a great misibrtune to tiim,from tbew as extended to toeThis is a Cnristiau festival. Tl.e arniversary of St. Patrick is Ihe i.iuii- versaiy of the introdHccou of Chn*-t;i,uity- LijLo Ire-evening. In order to carry out, to some extent, toetnce, ctu.pared to Chri.,tiaiJty tley. Bishop, for Philadelphia. In lat. ST M, MaTlii daring a gale from 8. W., split foresail.At Pairicl; ; how be was captured on the co:ist o'luir.iture lu the apartment was but slightly damaged. IN A TINKMISNT BOrSX. Inconsequence of toe upsetttog of a lamp in toepublishmittee immediately to forward to toe " strikers'' $100oftoe " Union." A vote of tlianjtsof the I7th. was run toto by bark Caoton, of Savaaaak*. from Darieo, to tow ef a steamtuir. wbo caiiled aaaawlilch occurred about A. D. Ireland was Elghtietb 441, wasElghty-filststreeto.VerylittleLiverpoolC^ilBmbia, toconquered Ireland,to heragoPhenlx Foundry tofluenced bis fellow-workaien to form a Moulders Union. Subsequently lie deserted toem and toeir Union, and toey now desire bis dis- missal by Savxbt BaoTHXas, who have refuaed togious faith,timents ? He would tell them why.out. Wind USL K idaar. ;by the Irish Kings at length brought on the invasionAcorn,of many States and of many people, one nation— tbe and for two centuries persecuted t,je people, burnt James Townley, Inspector of Lamps, riee|Owen strike.have tecded and still tend:the seotimenc ttiat mMle uaof tbe who tjecame masters of the Danes,country,sentiment that malt and will preserve that Union their churches and libraries—of which they hau the Daleyrnmoved. —which it created." ficest in Europe—and finally reduced them almost to Ic toe Bureau of Repai's and Supplies Edwa-d J. During the evening there bad been several times a state of barbarism. At last tbe aid tf England was Maloy, Inspector of Small Repairs, vice Thomas J. Womian, removed. J. Benjamin Richards, Inspec- tor ou building Tompkins vice M. Cott°r, re-^__^_^^^^___ BROOKLYN INTELLIGENCE.Items.—Dr. Bamdel Boyd, Health Officer, diedanaeellaaaaaaAdvices from Batavia, under the date of Jaa. T, stoMcalls for RiCBXis CGoavui, and they were now re-peated lender and longer than before. The Presidentsaid he believed there was a toast tbat would bringoutMr. 0'GnxllA^; If it did not. It would be Mr. to admit that the Catholic Kings of England had per- Tompktos Market Conrad Renss, Inspector on Re O'Goiitu's fault, aad not theirs. But before giving secuted tbe Irish to '.early as great extent ai p-irs to Fulton Marketicalled in, and sue In turn, after having go*, possession of the conotry. continued the persecutions of theMarket,;seriously Mrs. Bca- wici, rcsidtog at tbe comer of Remsen and Souto streets, (E. D.,) was fatally btumed, Friday nightage cargo.and wilh whatof 8tujvestant-5q'ia-e, vice Thomas Holluid, remov-cued but not before be had been promptly,d am di6chart:t;d.Teasel was haoled oC, aad aaiSS wSt k«comprisedlanguage is lost, our history Is obscure, but in our KiNNiiY the frbamtock Beneficial AssoMation, and eeweis next Wednesday, which is ten days ear-and secretions which had be-Ion. J«,passed, March 13, lat 31 38,Our muslr, our language and our history find still a trueour music, ever varying, sameli.uestbevarying tem-km. it^ -^expressed]11.Matshul's Jamis Ecah ai.d Michaii. FAXantperatureGrimsby—U»,2«lJ,.l0B.S3 JBW.' James L.Botmrt—ship, from MobOa ds. out. all well, Marcbl, Ut St »», lao.viisaii jni;i;iumi.iily fine display. In Court-street1,- lat.ol tlie Dicn at the head of the and some procession..Ai-SAILT.Saturday, found active employ-paymentgis. Miss Amelia Tngis, Mr. Knight, Chas. F. Looey,.insnred for $S00 to tin '»--'• tcB. Tbe frame stmcttire next door, owned by TaoBAS FrtinusT, vras burned to toe ground. LossBilK Brisk, (Br., of St John. N. Beaehar. B.,);Typographical sympatoywas run tototon, and wbocarrledawayjibboofflof toe late on Saturday night, v*ith a lighted lamp by her bedside.house No. 2D3 East N'nth-streel, fellasleepweekAbraham D. Carlock, Inspector of Incumbrances ofWharves, apiminted in place ol Francis Dayton, ap- pointed Inspector of Incumbrances on streets, viceStephenIn- spector of Lamps, vice Wm. T. Tanzandt removed.from New-York tn tkia part, raa aakocaaa 1 'DamBllBgUghtdartocatklek iscta-day. tu Spray started to bar asaiataaea tkis alk.BOtrON. Hardi U.—Arr. Wafcaak. I brlrLondon : schr. J. B. Bsey, Baey. St. '*"*'•••NEW 0BLKAX8, March 18.—Arr. Oreafttaa. fraaLiverpool.THE LEAP VEAE OOSTBACT DECIDED.;night;Anubsry,.^.-hva he M,,* tfa« «»» *,»»„»»«,* »1m,^ >>.ac,<f« ^^ t^^ tcT-majuUM^tury adjolntog lendertog thanks to toe reporter of toe Tihis. (toe Bark Cienfnegos, Grant, Clenfoezos XI ds..ihsared In wito,seemed the largest and best di llled army he haJ ever iielgbboibood were slightly damaged. The fire is held at Union Building, to the Bowery, on Saturday drla,^)rypt Dec. af, and Gibraltar Feb. 4, with iand the truth of history compelled him moved. Michael Ha.ilson, Inspector on Roof on on Saturday last from oonsumptioii. He was 54 years that the ship Unicn, WUey. ftomabNoeowt-Jyaonf.k-I, ;^wlStSk l esIrish peopleand the members of toe Board of AldermenMperintendence of Mr. Wajjus L>Lun>, more thee." A bad man, u Catholic, was the worst man iu the J. Backran, removed. James Meehan, appototed lu- and toe Kings Ckiimty Medical Society (of which bd. to klanila, had also put to, wito loss bowvrlt aa4Aan .sustained Die excellent reputation of this The Doctor complied, and received a hearty round world ; to tbe natural evil of ills heart he added a speetor, vtce Richard Connerv, removeu. Geo. Mc- be was for some time President) will attend topmast.of aoplause. base hypocrisy. Tbe lecturer proceeded to sketch Grato, appointed Inspector, rice O. S. HIbbard, re- bis a A named BiAtjroat, N. C, ^^"'ll^-Jfi^J^ % §• 'SSft' popuiar bouse. In the arrangement of tbe tables When tlie toast to " Tbe Press" was anaoaneed, the of Ireland during toe reigns of succes- slgnea. funeral to-day to body boy of and for Charleston, troia PlyMoatk..K. «.. wltk aalzth41aaer, which was served in the grand l>anqttet hallIgor shefaith, and as the provKl'rnce of God had ordained evening, at Montague Hall.Dy unfiinching firmness, pa-of age, and durtog his life occupied several public Sbacgtal, had pnt toto that port be aof this citythat Oiey should be dispersed rver the earth, let of $13. 'r.>—being 73 cents less, as aclually bid, than will give their first annual reception on Wednesday Tbe ship Bartford, Davis, from Uvarpeai ia»af.lBInterspersedby turns humorous and pilhetic and receivedwith unbout.ded applause, which biokelnupjn al- will probably be contested by Messrs. Bccxin-ouau & Department, classified as followsmost every sentence, and seriously inlorfered with itb Co., and a lawsuit may totervene, which will not 21, boys 34, girls 36, adults 4«, children 80, males 59, from tois port to Barbados in toe cattle trade.Tlir: D.*.Y IN BROOKLYN. SorsofStPaUlck. Several Irish Societies par-entail heavy costs upon toe City, as tax-payers geu-convulsions, 3 from cancer, and<by scarletHuDltarian, wrecked .a SableIsland,tt.tifcAt awas decided, m view of the past andble state uf toe weather, to resume work on streetsBoard. No street paving nor sewerSaturdaycan batajt. Jvii.Nso.i. The procession passed through done from November to April, unless toe Board United Sutes forctuldren teetUng, wito never- failing John Freesoan-brlg. OroweB. taasFalaaaMr MaV '^Mr. on behalf of toe Prtoters* Raibit,H, B. Emerr. FerUaa.]' Brig (ofCasttne,)saidke wonlo stote that at a meettog of Prtoters held on U, and Gibraltar Fab. ftoecontritra- $200 additional was now ready wheaever italwayswasby each other ;stood and if the other trades wouldonly do toe same toey would also and a saoceed,great protective Union of aU tlie tradea,—ooBiprising every laboring man to whatever department,—mightwitoaugartoK. Pavenstedt fc Co.—veasd la aaaSEmK Rager. Had beavr nonberlr weather aa tka aSMk:and toein reality what Its name imports—a Union. TheyYotk to toe members of toeir craft to Lynn, and H wito iron,recommendtog a miss meettog of all toe trades, to rienced heavy weather. kacJIMioom, ke. sympatolae wito toe Massachusetts strllLers, Bark Trajan. Conaat, Ssaua 13 ds., wllk:Schnbert, Frank Glade, Jacoo Beisewainger, Geo. Grimm, Philip Ranfert, Henry Jacobs.Iroo. Williaa, Lord, Cienfaegoa 21 ds., wlthiA special meettogtoe New-Yorkheavy waaskar^. sf ». by steamship CoIubMl neaeeferOkntsa-ofUnion, called for toe purpose of eipresstoggear.Between 5 and 6 o'clock last a fire rlaza.evening origin- makers of this City was introduced. The delegates Brlfr C. B. Samson, (of Philadelabla.) Bowes, fSaries*toeyof tlie prtoters m a mass meeting of all toe trades ofton 7 ds.. to to Twells. liallast,whereuponIt was resolved to in toe cooperatepro- ap-l*,BMaa< Mb* raltar Feb, M, with fruit, ko.. to Mailler.^i«*;— tmeIntentions of toeir toe meeting,prtoters ap- resolutionstreasuryoar and bowspritjiblwam, started and broke kaa*'3 were over 90 yearsage,reporterslor toeir attendance.knees, Ac.WIND—Sunrise, N, X., and tbgpositionsheld a meettog Saturday, and adopted resolutions ofvoyaje IntoatyJclnKy.anoiof abirbor.rber lulerstience, courage, and God-like heroism, she bad en-dured it all, and stood up for tbe ancient faith of herfathers, and for the glorious liberty w^hlcb was thenatural Inheritance of tost iaitlt He exhorted On Saturday, toe contract for worktog toe Four'h- last, by the explosion of a fluid lamp.his hearers to oontinue to stand up for tbe true avenue was awarded to Mr. S. C.Waixbx for toe sum dinner ot toe St Patrick's Society w^U be given toU Nav-Tork, bd. to Savannah, experienced aJMayrjaM^.portdiate and certain.Only2SYork, Feb. 11, totPrisee Becent—Pres. bris. to Otbtaltai!) MlHakW. Tni- Fabena, B. F. Beed. Hiss NeUylat Fareica Porta.,loa- »-tbe bill aby reeoln- «ts« Fvprett K. C. Woosfer. Jrhu King, OUTSr Chue, York. B«hr.Gen.Veaiie,ofandforBo«oa. uv-;:pronga leak, and put toto totsMaaat VsiJ. L.having to tow ship KUnbaikr.WIOala.Bteasstag8tettDtogR.B.Farlles, Olask, Ttratsake., to C. ABark Canton, (of Savannah.)BalM.a- of topmast and sails, which would so^Iiea sj0fl»Ut49 10, Ion. 13the passage fell to wito toe bark Exeeislar, ef How-Sar ven, bdi to Barbados, to distress, aad laaktackaOr;29 36, Ion. tS 41.Richard BnUwinkle-tehr,, to Boeklaad, Mard s.PhOadatLeekwoed, Biaada, Ha*-)O^mmMbF^ to tow ""^^^ship BaekeltiBoalill.^^^isamft flaiiiaa ^^"Sbowsvclt. aad daaa-—** www.fultonhistory.com 