 *In toe face of the fact that a majority of tbo democrats i the ohoto ssaptSfhy saore than three to one. ••avery feeding of sympathy for toe negro be in thin State favor Senator Douglas' aspirations, the elec-Tbe Tilal of Load for Harder Is Vlr- ffttaia.t r e a o a t o ctonttedty unpopular , tt severe cheek to Oaoca, whereof that State. Ba* been wagingbBS4£kw—— J of Douglas tor toe Presilen jy would IneviUbly for- feit to* farm of toe South. Mo man who has any regard> will vesture to do IV A WORD ON TBI OTBSh 8IDB.RKHMOSD, Va, March « , 1S80. tot TvgSmia itowsrrnfic OamaUm BeaUg Did—M IirdtoOrte/isjW«J*%*cih spsoulstlon has been indulged in with respectof the Bwmoerntto State Oonrentton in i of asnator Hunter and ex Governor Wise, I deem It due to truth and to the deatoct-atjc party of too country to present a brief exp>will meet together an brethren again.rorted lb* regular nominee, Stout geta a contested seat chscaas ad ministration, was control'ed by fie partisans ty bar*;,- *to?^fMsosaskssa £ » clear m*J:»Ky of 1 ,MO.Q. What reply, aad to what feranf A. I can't answer, only among ths •pd know not,Borne <rf the (huididatai «ad Their fnmfmttM.iimlte wtroeor avrtlla a a oaas maw a^ JLW*aWswnwny4j"*f a»*pv^tat ratas* 1 ma pwehMr* L lowiUem of Jan. 2,1860.bin with etaottoa sad toot* ) Iletters; my recollection serves methis lorn tetter; tbt reason why I wrote bar*»EttVZ '&"„"£VMURB-"si= or outllsen (pasting to Mr. Patera) ofto aatmer to the letter I received, toe torn k toawato*twa|*«f|ayfMmilnjgtaat*r letter to Mr. p.); \1 bsidedtbe torn letter to Dr. Way, and aooae else then and sake* MM to odrao me what course to pursue; bo read tt ewer tad advised me to show it to Mr. J J. Bur roughs, Oeik of toe Court; it ~ "would y aid and be a anew of goirg democratc. Tne astogolas from these cwcloffd aalbad• ^ # ' 1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069_ ^ _^ nasani with mush emotion and to Upon reading tt bo remarked:—That a the first d rrcm ber to my knowledge. A neooad letter waapSVBBBkJBBJ I | \JBBBg *B4v W^BBBj^BWBnSWA ^^B SBVo wtSSJIJ j •ant* Kimpossible or the secretar er a ate tosmnstven heard, final "-nrral J. L. Kemper, I wan agrerecord the vote of Wise'stosnsaoaahsw-With whom can success bo moat certainly tosured f Upon whom nan ton democracy of too wholn onttoo bent unitofI believe Mr. Guthrie, of Kentucky. M ton man for thetrust to luck and limply drift They consult ton stars and the various political weathercooks, study their alma- nacs for meteorological prophecies, tad do what they cancannot get a majority, tot alone * two thirds rate, which alone can nominate. ,,After all, thte groat blow to favor of Douglas comet mostly from States which cannot possibly elect democraticvtng* ngsmat the prisoner; Ma ,tor's character, as fare sal know tt to bo,aim. (Here Mrs Land's confession waa restried to destroy yesterday when banded her by the prose- cution to recognise; it wss dated tbe 16th January, I860,land to make her fttil confemlon f * : * l f l F « c )11,so far exhausted tad dried op before 1880 tion of no many delegates sot devoted to Mltoes, te coma the vote salt stood; anddialed,M f t r * *tte.rvi>theavowedIWN*ff •»*UGSaStBaTrtWe,who**three or •elected by dlMrtatw), with threei*a'l stroogly >od emphatically for amouat-Brecfcteridge will not get the vote .hould Mr. «o«MtoJc paragraph from tbo LoaavtHe•t \y**msICata^sas r*wBHI wwWit* w^ptg "• »«*laV "wihe light, or &belle red Ml friends have not beenfoL Aa attempt «o wear* a* expression in the Pennsylvania Convention failed. Aflerenty-in toeIrwlrfPTrConvention~-_--wa*twto*laa , o fcourse, not adelegateaatoorlNorth CarolinaNorth CarolinaSooth Carolina,..........•agree _ _ ,• majority of one Uiaiannd ore hundred and fifty two Vines. Of hat ability, of hto firmness, of his integrity, of towards mastering the various theories of storm* which Presidential electors.noat the sobstHete. Tha was, in effect, adopting the Mt loyalty to sound democratic principles, of Mn eminent bare ever befogged scientific oM ladies; and who*If Mr. Song]** 1* nominated we shall do all we can foriof General Chapman,ate, which waa voteddoro, being ao with that of General Chapmen. A 1 of toe vote bv the secretaries, fior- a m i more favorable roses to reshrencs to_ _San for toe exalted position to queetion, no one doubtn. re ore many itotoht why he is ths ttrosgett man who can be selected, t i n , StMf fMsgl being equal, availabilitywill determine the nominal ton. BJa conduct white Secre-him.A ••• - ' 'OUR OREGON CORRESPONDENCE. Onnooa, Feb. 80, I860.tary of ton Treasury during Gen. Pierce's sJminatruttoa, •asset the substitute Was esoer- rendert Mot, and will make ton party, shouldQ. Did you see your sister at Mr. Smith's?to enjoy most of popular favor, and look for safety to bis Ihe Schim in the Democratic rartg in Oregon— Lane ani receiving her ntetemnat, I went to Mr. Smith'si «f I,Ml If the absentees were be be mnjsrtty against It would have ex ablechosen at to thetin standard bearer, invulner- attacks of the opposition ofwake. Some, from an nzott* of selfish caution, or* call-to ae* my lister the Sunday after; tbo did state toast I that land tent Laura (a negro girl) for Ftanagononths morntegof the 18th of June; I recollect of another state-wilhttieCharwatonBomlnatwn.habas tb* leto the South. Alabama and Uise^ntippi have formallyahued that they wouli not rota for him, even If he got the sUveholding State* by larger majorities toon would the nomination ; and any candidate who cannot com- be given to any other man, from either toe North or theJorifyofl,om *•**' *mand ton unltod vote of the South stands, of course, no South. He will oertainly command mora Northern votes than t»y other Southern ana could getWithout Ida indefatigable winter'! work at Washington opportunities for r „^, _l„t obnorvation of in 1669 Oregon could not have been admitted. His coni esadUate. who ever he may be. Cmrootton will bo ramnnowrf of men agreeing harmo- others have been selected by cooventtous to. the several 1 won would darn hrmn forward the nioualy en all suhjeoto. fbo pant will bo buried, and til Ccmgreontonal oistricto. Ik* tjoavewtten at Wot«aatorr]State felt; cheated and insulted, and, though Grovoraao-BfcTheprifstsh They all keep everybody else•toon of too proceedings of that body.Mhas always been the policy of the democratic partyrestoration of the Missouri retiriction would allay the ex crkment and agitatwn attending and following its repeal,by this cenvtnttoa, Caleb Cosbing atone is considered ia- diptadett, sad rumcr would have, tt believed toot bt is at work for ex Prreident Pierce. Messrs Wliitney, Davincline tbo proffered aid: Mat* tat vacancy of one a*at from that Statebet it may be so. - ,_u • *« A*? of lettersThese and like ousideratlons Guthrie the candidate.willprobablymake Mr.of Senator Doeglaa, notwithstanding the strenuous Of-' A WOtt from S r 4 r » » » iereta of toe President Tfcl* fact etn be easily proved,OUR WISCONSIN CORRESPONDENCE. 4* m Baxorr,Wis.,March17,1880.and was perfectly evident to n y one boring an opporto ally to oMerve toe spirit of the convention as manifested tochoiaeofofficers,cheering.So Mr.Wm E Par- menter, asterHag democrat, one of tbo most oootRteat and ifflcltnt supporters of tbo almteintraUon in tbodid not write to her before the wrote to meQ. Then jou believe you did not write to ber before tht18lh ci Dtctmberf A. I believe I did not Q.Doyonrememberwhethertoanytottertoherwh'cb persona1unkmdnr ss to wards an? oneBut reailT there ooeld not well be repugnant in tit nudity, to proper gentlemanly totttoeto. and to the g. nio* government than that of Mr. Douglas' popular tovcretor,ty wish bis appUoettoo of It, wheb. in it* dt*. guaeO**proved•>attractivetomiuf poliUetena, tadbaa done so much more than Helper's book and beplows wlogtea ol John Brown to gi re activity and vigorto a feettag of bcultty to slaveholdtng aad slaveholders,derived from the nnrsery and the malalmtulstratiou of | New Y o r k . . . . . . . . . . . . . . •arwere responsible atone to their respective diatirtoto for theIn which they executed ton tsaportaat trust com adequate to the production of that rory extraordinary ex- dared tbemselven for too "little Giant." Tne oonrenUoa baa been a democrat sloce the days of J.fTerson Oncom-citement and agitation? A very little reflection muttthe continued observance of that Mme- satUfy the Impartial sensible looker on that thin Inquiry I cannot, with nay show of propriety, receive an afflrma-, and believlcg that to* Conventian would * trrnnanwnr.in thin datrtot, which Includes toe routhern wards ofBoston, and Roxbnry tad Srookllne, wot tan scene of avery anlmatea contest between tbo admlatstra^ton mensod their opponent—Major Berrett, Colonel Wright's opp>-sent, betog ve?y popular with a targe part of tbo voter*of the district The convention in the Fifth district, whichcovers the northern wards of Boston, and Cambridge private Grover volunteered to assist. Bin skill toto Mi regular and legitimate duties, the party to State took but little interest in the appoint- or delegates to that body, and heaos the countywarn hut thinly attended—in some instaoeos of not mora than twenty or thirty members, intitn containing from 1,000 to 1 ,'K» democratic voters. Useer those circumstances, the friends of Mr. Wise, npon the met tag of the Con venttoo, supposing that n ma-Where, then are we to look fir additions to thin etas* tofltetent to male It adequate to toe effects produced * We answer frankly, as truth directs us, and uninfluenced by personal partiality or prejudice, to toe personal quell- ties aad nates of the Chairman of to* Committee on Ter- ritorial to ton United States Senate, who intradootd tonpledng bin medical ctuiire, tbs lost war with Eaglaad broke out, u d be shouldered Ml musket sad volun- teered so a private. Under Scott bo fought at Lnndy 's Lane. After too; bloody victory the surgeons were unable to attend to tbs wounded rant enough,(Letter here produced by Mr. Wae lor witness to recog- nise.)A Ithiik It very likely I did receive this also; I do not think I read it; I read tbem over rory carefully before I bonded tbem to Mr. Peter*.tbe ignorant people It whom they arelceuld make aatkag outoftt, lisaaerf for tat having whippedThis nnttrnr may start's tome who horn had the pa- tience to follow me thus far, and may seem to demand tority of the members in attendance were ravorab e to some dilation on thin point We nay, than, that previousay* after to*ton Msmuation, determined, to disregard of pronoun to press noon the Convention a reeolottoa ex- the preference of the State for him, for the doa- s avowed by ita advocates, of exerting anto ISM, the dintaiguiehed Chairman of toe Senate Com- mittee on Territories bod, by the menacing dictatorial energy, rather than superior ntetnaaanilkn ability,with which bo bad discussed sundry meaiurot of etcitingthe si my. and a graduate of West Point, led tt twenty:.Mr. Wise—Ye a. you have told me the reason.to December, 1889, or act, propone by latter, to your s*-toe selection of delegates by the Distrtot interest, pntnnd with great rapidity through many grades sj ton State, and at the some time giving of position to one from whose height ton look downwardrenaded tightly by choirs of wolves, and with the ther to? A I remember little or nothing about them (fits let-additional strength in other States" by the Mends of Senator to too usages of the patty—an 1m- wlth ton rights of the people, and, if mislead the public mind an to Of feeling in Virginia upon the subject: andwasdtaaytog. While his rapid elevation ha.1 excKea the adartratiwa of ton crowd, had taataaod many friends aad commanded an outward show of deference from many of those civil enough to quietly totornte what they could neither respect nor a a s n d , II bod failed to secure fbo disinterested deliberate approval and eateom of any;ammotor often thirty two degree* below sero. His third tern); I am willing for them to be shown, and wishjou tea, Lafayette Grover, on well aa ha tbro* bro wonbt ask me BOmore questions about them.stsubstitute far toe original renoMttan was submitted, de- and had excited to many pottleal peers and competing lt toexpedient to express any preference. After aspirants an under current of jealousy, envy, fear and tod disotanton of-.nearly two days, a rote wan hatred that onlv waited a lavarabto opportunity toon the substitute, which in believed to have prs- sttixe with a proipect of effect. rhe intro-troth of too whole affair, sad I intended to use the state-— •Tttaty—LaU Jn*a>Vom CMwoymtajnfi s / t V a t a t7rsansVai aartoary o/JMstes A/tte the Rev Treatg with the T'nited State*. TMpoliticnJccnditkaoftoisooontrymtog its crisis, if evertt come at all, for. Indeed, it aemtotookihas testdelegates frcm the Ninth, Mr. Gill, of Worcester, is the in- by a small majority, but ton rote not having besn duction of ton Nebraska Kensae bill, followed dividual charged, on the testimony of very respectableyot pnbthmed, its precwe character cannot be atoertained. by ton flaming manifesto of Mama. Sumner, Oust, Certain it in. however, that after that rote, ine friends of GWdmgsnnd Wade, famished ton opportunity, as they Wan themselves proponed to lav the whole sub- supposed, to many, while yet many others w e n restrainedon Urn table, nod thereby admitted their utter defeat. only by tseir stronger feelings of patriotism which wiro nay of too noaattsn in the State known to bo almost allowed to counteract their feelings of repugnance to tonto tbe wilnett, questioning ha integriiy In a atyle of most getilemen, at the late State Convention, with the surprise the offer was declined, and the young advocate withering rebuke .tad bitter sarcasm Tbo waafiaVto their preference far Senator Hinter, were, author of the bill.i, represented In the tote Convan (ton nlsjoU At evidencing the fact toot the importance or the inno- Mr. Cbapm, from too Tenth district, will go Into thtby toe friends of Governor Wine. Whether vations upon too pas', Involved to ton Nebraska Kaunas Charleston Convention untrammelled by pledges. Mr. fromaccidentorgreateractivityontonpart bill,waninadequatetotooresultstootfoliowed toimme• Allls'standingtonotknown to thewriter Messrs.Car-penter and Heebner were untoatructed by tbo convention In the Eleventh distric.1,and ore believed to bt unpledged. A recapitulation will show out of the twenty Tour dew- gates now chosen at leant thirteen Douglas men. The second choice of many from thin State will undoubtedly bo rranklin fierce. It in by no meant a certainty that tome of those alluded to on todependent and unpledged may not finally vote wilb too opponents of the aJminia-made tbe most bumble tpologiet,ond.hia person waa greatec with oa admonitory lecture truly Interesting 1Q. Is that all? A. That ia all to my knowledge. Question repeated.A No material difference aa to tutbrtaBce.Q Di! j ou not urge upon her that her character wouldattatf/twaiof the Gcvemor's friends, still it affords a rory unsafeintoning by w t o k to judge the real sentiments of the o lately ita toe attention of toe reader may be wtaala democracy. While many of thsm admire noma called" to too toot,'that, though too quailing, timid au?-•f UMtraits of Governor Wae'n charactor, yot the great portem of Mr. Douglas, in ton Wetland Northwest, who •ana of ton party cling to and more tul'y coaftde to Sena- ctme tardily tad reluctantly to a wank an1equivocal sup-tor Hunter, an a truer and mo-e consistent representative port of the measure, endeavord to excuse even thin, bybe blasted if she stood to her first oonfesaion? A. I may be all crises. The oontervstives, i have date it. I think it probable.of ute groat prtneiplea of State rights, which hare shad contending—not toot ill provisions being aemanded by no muoh hatro upon toe chamctsr of the Ancient D> right aad justice, it should receive a cordial support,Whilst be has ever maintained hw own pun- he iMit unbeodmg flrnaem, he has alwaysany mfiatnot upon its action or formation, and never,^•toOCR MASSACHUSETTS COHBE8PONDENCE, l, April 3,1880.Pennsylvania.......... Oonntcticut............ • California.Among (heXTocwrwafs of vtiegoiet uovmocrecy.Though the most tangrjine ef the Bay StateStates w»ll not probably go for ton nomination Dooglai at Charkaton, with ihe exception, pariTbo evtosatr* to tbo NaUonaHfonvention wan at* MI dtmocratic will not go for the nomination of Mr. Douglasto Dr. I r'ght hat wo l*terto*13 culated to give htaa great popularity with foreign born great amiamlty that too aggragoted rote of the State Louatona.,.,....... A . . . . f voters. Hi* speech at Frankfort in December last mor- should tell during the laat week of thtt month. But t a t Maryland. . . • . . . , . • *. . . . . . . . ". .'.Vv.'.'.'.u turned to tbe doctor's office; I was intbe time: tbey sat in Dr. W's effice- ~ - and then Dr. W. come out and colled me tooften, and be Urid me that Mr.Mm to t a t sdvtoe; tM* in the sulmo; 1 told tbem tbst I would notbands, and requested atom to do it, tbey did so; I come to tot dntormiiMen and advice, I could not bear to barn my stater's cha- racter blasted, and rather than Ma* that done 1would betray ton confidence paced in me aad caoaub Dr.In justice to the dead, my sHdren, *ed toy dear aiater Anna, whose attrampled ape* oaf eternally blasted, I concluded to be- tray bar confidence; I want you to "B* speech at Cynihtana in the spring of 1So* is not cal-~ ad bin UH- , In the fhll of 1848, and hie speech atFlorenoeto toosammer of that year, on the Leeomptonposition of delegate, though scrambled far tad growled ovsr with prodigious seal, is one of no little discomfort and solicitude. A greot part of tht leaders of the ae mo- *«aWrvj mmmooo^a wvwtv ^*ta*vs p^ooaoa ^faaaa^v moaaamm aoa*r twavs waa m^o mtoatrttton, or desire to, and it in a matter of muoh con cern with those who attain such a ptteb of greatness as« . . . »'Itto receive tie rote of the anti louglae, without which he oca- V nominated, could not carrytion of Mr. Douglas , _ .Probably against him—New York, Pennsylvania, Con-be nominated,Penury Irani* tad other 'rnn States.necticut, Cohiomio, New Jersey, Rhode Island tad Oregon ••..••..•••••<•••••• ••••••'••#•#••• ••••*•*•Xbt same remarks will apply to Stephena, Lane, Brown weresetup.whiek and otheiB. who stand in the lame category. ,precise blast which to the nationalwiU impel thorn treasury, although,directly indeed,t a dluUhful-DistrictIDr. W a f n office n*xt morning; sot allow ma to bo there to time way to Dr W.»a ofJos; I wont to Dr. bimmy reason; be toldtor, aad odvts*c\ mo to •otAer1,.— It in yone handt (Mr. Peteonly to be used is tbe tart ebareeter should be blast* •dvtos, on d said be wouldQ Wbst did innonmo over to not Mr. Burroughs:have net a ibadow of faith that the electoral vote of Kamattn will be given to tie cancldate of theConvention, thereton a folly Impressed with the psculiar-emportance of Mt own position, the value of his lnd vtduelf,;ZF M * TMr. Boater would-be ncsepUbie to Botttoerndnmoerato;nut we have no indications that Mi hat strength at toeNorth. As a participant in ton dtoensetons growing out to trim their am* so an to get the full foroe of the Doubtful-Indiana and Dlinois %. of the propcaition to admit Kansan unuer the LeeomptoncoMtttutton, be cannot unito ail tections of the partyan election t* delegate to a national convention, to be able uFor Douglas _«..,.............. .*..•*•... ........Wthrough with all attach themselves, with a tenacity tad vigor of partieauahip corresponding to their various tem- peraments, to the sktr to of whatever candidate appear*A. Aftered independent, while a degree of manlinem In occasion-A friend has jutt handed me a column from your Itsune thammnd. It was n knowledge of this the scene of ton alleged extravi«enoe tad ally found among both worm partisans aad ton un- of January 16, containing your Oregon correepoodenoe, rat; tbo stated to ant tbst Mr. Flanag»ve the Hunter men to reeirt to t b \ corruption of too present administration. With.him an. pledged. Bat evidently tbenn but are only ton excep- a d tumult which the repwt of the our kader the partial and unfair repora of the partisanI to* BmuiD so plainly developed. Atn invettigating committees of the Home of Representative* tions Ai a rule too delegate* will vote for the mo*: -i of the delegate* favorable to Wise, held at Coria- would be on nooght. Then, be ban not been la pabtts lifov whose prospects for toe nomination appear best, In toowith a raqontt that r would correct your correspondents errors and misstatements There I* an unfortunate tplit to the democratic party to Oregon, which, intern boated, will certainly ruin the party thsre and give the State this year, with two Senators sad a representative, to the op-Objeciedto. So ruled by the Court.' Did you haves conversation with.H»a Ha'l on the eight before the meeting of the Coavan •Jon.ttwnsdeflnlUTely ascertained, from a call of the roll and the re spouse of delegates, that Wis* had a majority ofsince too commeaoe meat of the Leeompton controversy. Immersed to business sAiis of great importanon. In which bin city and State and adjoining State were, andhope of a four years tunning In future Presidential fa-vore.toosand favorable to an expression of prefe are, largely interested, be has taken no part in the discus- Meaauohaatts will send twenty six delegates to too position. The factim* are designated as the Bash wingtold her to tell tber s S ^ S t s ' tad rnpltod,,rt^kV*- ne rjure borteb*;Q. State ~ ,thc*a>a»*a**aaa4inaj|**^the used.Objected to by defence, upon tbe ground that that badbrtn before repeated, and a dttkroaot areas about ton irantrositicn of tbe words, truth and perjury. Mr. Was now used strong terms relative to ton preaccused tbem of ueirg professional trickery.Mr: Johanna arose aad vindicated Mmnetf by ssaeritog, " ir trickery wss referred to Mm. it was an untruth."(Strorg indications of a stormy time.)- Governor Wise then commancod ba eralateattoa Cf tonprevloue question, and taking down the witness' reply, wbteh woo so follows:—Not » awear to a lie; not to per- jure herself, and advtoed bor to tell the truth; bit I can- not say tn what order this wsn said, or swear to the orderf i n wbHbyoobsvetaktn tt down; I will swear that her reply wss not made to that phrase-to toll the trothHere Mr. Taylor atone and made an explanation to ro- garo to too Mat aibna'iisnr Msg between aaa**. Wise axd Jobreon, and appealed to the two gentleaen to moke It nil right Mutual explanations then took pi see, tanafka accepted, Matt lb*Iran aad thloga put on a iquare again. .-t>cs* extmftitd-Q Did you sot try to obtain the treat •ad coafldcaoa of your kaferf A. I ma; bave done it.Q. Howf A. Oaiy to reply to her letters.giowisg oat of that question; bo ban excited no hot- i la consequence of ha course in regard to tt; Ml no- will bo no triumph of either Leoomptonitot orCharleston Convention. All but two ore now obcatn Inthe list given in toe BMui» a few days since the dele- | •ad to* Lane wmg. pm Ma, sate tola date, ouaaged gates from the Tenth district wore omitted, and the dele- Oregon aa though he M** II politically as hi* own pro-, while there were not leas than seven orMM whose flnt ehotoe he was, hat who> an expression of preference, That*i the most reliable data; audi say that as ant) tsaomptonltos; tad every democrat ut the Union eon, gation from tat Eleventh aonredatd to ton Vesta, a perty. A body of sturdy democrats like toe Oregontan*iBaeeo, u»7 areor iaxy niggers. Oat the troops to tbe eoun" Coastentine, the tbgtab Consul, totkfaaa ** part to tot revolution, wheo to* fsSeral | outside tbe otty, by ridtog out anPessdo not to risk a battle, aa the hberals for him. Notwltttstoaoiiity'ssgent's advioe, Petado did rak * bates, at 101 very indifferent troops captured toe etty; tat,a staled, ha wno drivea out by tM Ubara* eatsgenerally tide wto a»|Proslc*ent Otpina to a Jesuit, sadfroa Rome and bpeta. Thte, Ibostihty te Protestants, U thearedlviled. A padre (Belvesaltho), who was atoatad by toe Pope, Is bete to bis usual tact tbs sacred bull to the contrary notwuhntaadta a larger congregation than any ofi and Hunter, a direct rote Upon the question without any aaerifiot of personal feeling, join to Ml sup- tboold stand :— iwould show Wise to be twenty five or thirty port, and aid in securing hto electtiin. Again, on the sub•of Ms rival. OM of the fifteen district kct of the tariff, while his views have been endorsed by Caleb Cashing,cannot be managed like a plantation of Southern laborers; hence tbe difficulty with Lane. They were willing to keep Mm to office, but when be required them to (111 all the other* ffflceo with bis tools and minions they rebelled. They could endure far a few months in the annate Dntasoa Smith, formerly a respectable county court lawyer from the W*ittem part of New York State, but when ordered to return Mm to tbo Senate for six years, they said they hod in the party other abler and better men- rhey sentGro- ver to Washington as their first representative by » mai hi the State, eleven are known to be favo- i to Wise, and when the delegates are chosen In the districts the number favorable to him will bethe strictest dnmoerato of tat Stoto, Ml record In morn acceptable to ton democrats of New Jersey, PanntyIva- nia, New York tad ton New Eugland States toon that of any other democrat In ths nation. This, taken in con-S. Whitney.1. W. C W. SWift, 2. P. W.OLelond. 8.«. Rfley,fi. JobnT. Beard, Bsaj-FHsBet,o. G. B. Lorlng, 7. Not chorea.8. B. F Butter, 9. Geo. W. GUI,10. C. W. ampin,Edverd Merrill.I to exsssrt even thai ratio Yo* may safely set nection with bin admitted conservatism, and hit non-aJ. II. Wright.J. tX Lowejoy. Cornelius Doberty. E. 3. WilliamsWalter Fesornden. H H. Stevens. Jtotab Allls. Cbsrtot Heebner.i will avail nothing at Charleston, stoos the ' If the democracy can unite on Ma, as wo believe they Ifeo states of the different I tern and clique* of the Mas- slituenta were satisfied with hi* ton***and wished Mm i democratic party hai to took tor It* can and will do,a eortoia victory will enable ths party to stcbattttodemocrat*,enabtoth* writer to speok.witha to return tothit Congress Ian* found Mm too strong,. The people of the douto laugb outlive the agitation of the questions which now threaten degree «f otafidnoco wltb regard to tM) Prensdontial i«* frank tad outspoken a man to be me e a tool of; aad in its overthrow, to ton next four jeari toe nonrtowUl ebningn of this delegation. The delegates at large wore ha absence packed a convention against him tad bod Sao atttmZi Mbr^srn 'stato Cfrpoue of these threatening subjects. The next National choeen In the late Stoto Convention tt Worcester. Tmf Stout nominated in bin stead Tbe demoirscy of to? new— . Wan an the ehotoe of Virginia beyond alt qaeation. the friends of Judge Douglu whorepresent him as gain- ing strength lo the i n t o , moat be entirely ignorant of the state of (etUeg In that section in reference to him. OfIdoattflsatton with recent divisions in ton party, will, it to believed, enable tuaparly with bun to carry Pennsylva- nia, both to October and November, which, with nay other candidate, will be, at bent, exceedingly doubtful,fboush poeaibly not as great a favorite wttn Southern sx- toemato an Brown or noma such man, he will yot, beyond toy Question, tt nominated, get the electoral votes of allUnderwood.11. D. W. Carpenter.ihoughsby tt* resolution* tt nominally enJortod itV. J N falPPar wfiaa dwtoeVPresident on tbo Illinois and IndianaMr Douglas;and therein a fair tarrying one if not both of thnon State*.« i a favor of ton nomtoatina or Mr. Douglas,tore- of these votes are from Stetea where there a ha-oly a possibility of the democrat* carrying the electorial vole,aad Ctatetta won tbo mom stormy of toe year. Therewere no torn than five double delegations aikiogatfrnfetion to t o t convention, which assembled at tboCambridge City Ball The district committee tsnuodtickets of admatton to too parties to their opinionentitled to reeta. The dissatisfied contesting delegationsmade a forcible Zouave ingress through a window to tboball, and took possession of tbo meeting. After much Upeels, in Sweden. His fourth son, Liautenont Grover, wrangling, tbo greater part of the ticket admitted with-alleged excuse Mthat Tanexoetau troubles " Q. Did yen bead tbem to Mr. Peters? A. I do not re- on the bordsrs of that State. Tnefactls.hedraw; and, organising at anotter place, elected Messrs..Heard tad Lovejoy to represent them at Charlettoa.These gentlemen are both supporter*, or tbo adminiatratorn. The partks who so gallantly auaultod and carrie 1tbo City 11*11 electa 1 Meesrs Hallett and Doberty. Theformer gentleman, though perhaps too well known to need)char act* r zing, In believed to M friendly to Douglas. Do-berty. In common with most of the Iri*h wing of ths partyhereabout*, alto favors Douglas. Both delegations willpresent themselves for admission to the Charleston Conv«niton. Mr.Williams.fromtboSixth,tocalledindepend-ent. Dr. Lorlng has been already noticed to thin tetter. est sod strongest wrIters of bis etas*. There is a Douglas delegation from tbo Eighth district, toDid youthe persons of Messrs Batter and Fessenden. On* of theOn finishing ha law studies bin patron—an eminent lawyer of tbo Quaker City—impressed with Ma abilities, mod* blm a vary liberal off* of a partnership. To bitdrives me bt court(Here Mr. Wise became excited, using severe languagefecttog their prtecipUn aad pnoey; aonaprom them and the oonservativm may be < ~ — No estimate can be given aa to the 'Uement, at ft* native* here aresince too organisation of our government, wot there an" with courtesy and kladaens; and little real anu alavery feeling, no little real sympathy due the fact that tbo Douglas men have been foiled to Virginia bo escaped twice from to* officers of the taw.• in Ms own State or and regard for the interest i and welfare of fbo negro, in many instances. Of course they ore irate that his longand for torn* time eluded recapture by secreting himself to the Dismal Swamp. During the progress of the case a singular a* well an painful scene occurred pending tbo nxotntoation Of Lands wife, oa account of which wo published oa Sunday. Tbo Norfolk Atgtu says of the proceedings before the court on Tuesday, March 27:—nntl phllnsnptii"et anion our country, on to ton spring and summer of 1867. It airy ky too great interest* of his waa then in the power of Mr. Douglas and his supporterscontinued epponttica to their schomsn ban been to far successful. At was to bar* bona expected, those who supported ton coalition sad tbo infamous anti democratio conititalioa of 1*63—which, If accepted by too people, would bave disfranchised all our democratic strongholds— tbo free toll democrats ore, with scarcely say exceptions, secretly or openly Donga* no*. Some or them, Is ton hope of yet receiving favor* from Mr. Buchanan, plot to secret, while other*, even nowing toons now enjoying goof pctittonn under the federal government, are load to flavorrife here as in toe to vi•rtual"ly e•n-d* *t*a"t jpaign. It would have aabstan- past offruces, and tryAo make it operate against the patt•—- by bin own Imme- ' Mm to ton favorCORRESPONDENCE., March SO, ltto.to give too death Mow to sectional ntnfe and agitation, without any restoration of the Miawu-i restricUonof Washington city and New York.aaaa^tWraTijj OT tttf) AfltStoAthis has atudtod events to little purpose."greater need of loya'ty iafriends, and no one had ever profited more by tie uutei-of them, they surely ought to know toot too statute of limitations to ao bar to prevent accountability tor the con- tinuous fraud oa toe party of which some of them have been guilty.She exclaimed, "My God, what shall I do?" Mr. 'fitowr, be calm;"goes by tote manor ant.regard to politics te quiet nad tmttmmmnj,a^arOtoiMtottaMtototoomirmar'tootStoto. tt wt. IBtoak, to**, Mtehlga., T^manv TVSLr w^atoTtm,to^tomES MauSai the O-egon,f Maine ilaUtaa VBg^fjmja^SBBaMal aaandf aBBBaaar* flaaaaaaV. ' H n l saaalfemnraIt In, H The politics of Usone representing the above States in tonnasi "rranafwvlMf . It t - 4 . I t•»•*•' f fThe democratic party, greatly weakens 1 aad depressedby domtttowt occastoned by too ante of Mr. Douglas, andkept \n power and efficiency only by accessions from theranks of former opponents, drawn by patriotism, andafter variout bard struggles to defence and nnport ofpotato growing out of hit try tog measure*, bad, with muchgallantry aad skill, under a sharp fire of musketry, taken of the liltoots Senator, sad bitter ia their abuse of to*i n nsmsanj posttion before tbo ant entrenchment of toe Collector and too Pi into uM When they ore to Wash Mrs. Flanagan, her troubles, when Land neixed bin gun, enemy The next battle, If won, waa to be decisive ae* Ingioa they plead toe statute of 11 attattenn to cover tosertially silenced agiution and strife. He who services of ntttonal then; but sharp lawyers as ore noat"!?«-» . .. ^.to naaal 4*SB|t) aO OOaaSaaaaaaaw M v W * 1 aawtttaa aUm8«fflC8Val3f awaa^Tjtjhurst remarked. ZjEkmjm said, "I'll deny it" in an under tad springing from ber obotrexc -'1 will,'' and rushed Into the'MM, tad , "I awear.—j UuM ^ j m Doagtot; as muoh an ho to too this exposed pontioa be- army, redaMd y BOtiood, wot ttffi ctoa- » sad gallantry, of carryingtly, and thus restoring sec tbo sagnal for the attack wan " wuhin theent enc"i- po werful arUBtry to full trmy, thus reluced aad " aad patriottc sup- to(Mrs. L ) screamed, ran out of the houee; and (sU^u, and when she come to she wo* lying oa a pile of boards. Land spproached herandaaid, 'I have killed bim; he It dead, what shall I do?' She odvtoed Mm to kill ber, and then shoot hlmteir." Then followed the do- totts of tbo escape, t o . totMr*. load (was of the prloooer) was again called to tbe stead, oaf was cross examined *y the State, John Pe tors, Gmmonweaiih's Attorney. To questions propound ed by toe Ccmmonweslths Attorney,follows —n e interview between Mr. Flnaags.bonnet; she then returned to tbe parlor sad charged herit will lest qvim tebeWs subjoin a translated extractbttfollowing State* barn appointed delegates to t a tThe tetiiitote henr Mr. John Peter* opened tbe ON*aaesnofoBcor toog ^ M » . « > % > « * » . t f SMaaraBBatSm Saaafl ¥ ^gammamatmtntom ntt*tielafenasBtan%__tjVBaA hainaro, uaap tnU • a^/ n o t o vAad bin supporters,Minnesota Waoosam Oa» IPcblfta Iowa........Ftta. fS Torment.S3 New HampshirerJfVnoI^Th. Ftoerid•"'minor ity, It prenentadSena!* and House of Representatives or* *n follows : - "iBsfNota. ftrmrtoan*.get through that evening, and thai the session would bo tainadod bat hto* tat night Tbe ooort Hanoi wo* crowded and not a sound woo toko board nave lb* uavparty bod tat••••••••••.OCB MICHIGAN CORRESPONDENCE.ASK ABJBOE, March 20, i860. 1TbtDemocratic National Convention, to bo bold at Charleston, Sjuth Carolina, April S3:— •torn to do so: to* then exctolmod, «;Wbtt will I do withaate*s->It it nntinfaetery that the government of tot Stoto* of America, wtoh ton sswrovnl *f to* Bepublic, sbouto bave assented to the tasCasyvimof Mew Granadaventiooof Peptrmber 10, 1887; bat toes added ether amenameats wntob aflsct the 8m aiiishaArttoto 1st was ortglteiry at foitows-"Alltoe port of corperattots, tnasntatot ortodivtomef too Gaasi 8iate*. taaa ton governaaat «f Granada, wbteh bove * — «—*—aal Drier to tore of tote Car***aaThis article as amended istoe part tf itjyMffaaaV c*iBpnst«av» —•-.-; im1 of tbe C»rti* State*, npon to* fcfarenaotw Grarada, wbteh shall Mve bee* pPBto*tod praT w font day ef September, IsSt," kcArttote 8tb *aatod—»*The present-rmtitod aad toe rtsaastaoo eschoagod st w wltbia ate* month* sftor the date hereof, or asmTha article in amesded ae fotiows:—"Tbia shall ba rotlosd aad toe ratiseauoos exe*a man taoatb* from the 8to day of March, 1Aa nnasain fret* too smatatna ^ _ _ _ _ tent baa been to sxteadto* tarm for b e * " " ttonnf okdsnnansinat to* repobbeaadfortbsj •f tbo seta of rattficattoa. The Caecative ns»I* nsimt saeee sBodlteatfooo and totheJPrntaaaafCharleston—DxykuCawsafafa atWeighed in the Balance and found Wanting,me'— I bave got to toe end of'One lor each Senator and representative.M a r ," eChristmas1receivedaletterfromOhio... >a*a*ita*Mtobtena.lows {all Hpobttcan) Maaa:buMttt do. Vermont , do.K Hampshire do.»Av^•Untitled Documentithere;"I.,ana two (llllnoto tad Indiana) t^oWbty tweaty fourTotal.....Mo"6 Do jcu lay that you /Id not wrIW to your sister Ansa botes* tbolfto of December, H6S? A. I beiievo fort* o' aji active minority devoted to to* policy aad iu- victory. Giover was offered, to tbe first instance, tbt ber tetter of the 16th cf December to be her first, and IClotou dj Mb. DontHmt'io tU Ftetidmcf— Sketch of HitPoVitcal Gtsrstr for the Latt Sim Yoan-The Bode on State, to a contest for the presidency of ton Too oppssitioa, kaowiDg his merlin aa a man aid character? Objected toby the prosecution because bis (witttttc* tht Little Qiami 9plU-Tke Effect cf ths Popular convention, was defeated b y Dr. Loring, an a lining statesman of the West, offered Mm votes enough arm'} letters were not produced, aad bo waa not supposadafrsarssspto Dodrmt eafto Anti Slavery Agitation, etc. avowed supporter of Senator Dodgtot, nod now to scent* Mt election to the Senste, If be would rmitbtt to cbsign bit memory with everything be wrote to detail. declared to bo deep to manoeuvres to secure frwnds to start him before the Legislature aa a candidate, noted by the Court a* I pertinent examination upon the At tgoattof a proper dtvaton of tbt question whether a tbn c i ruination of Frtnk Pierce. O; the delegttot eleoteo but he felt that his duty to his pirty require* Mm to de- beaihaof tbe case In point A. 1 will not nay thai I did,* novel waybut thee yoa kn By fat of t«C0 worth of hooks,Your corn tpondent, evidently ignorant of the antece- to Virgmln,wMh but a solitary exception, to abetoin front there a an icquiry lo be made and answered, that,denvej and Stevens are a'l for Douglas. Mr. Swift,from tooFirst deuts at well as th« talents of Qrover, cadctvor* to slan- any iiprssnton of preferenoe for a particular caadliato immetse imporlanee from ton political agiUUoos of tot Coagrwetonal district, favors Douglas* His colleague from der him to your columns. Tbis may b* fair in pottttet,by ton State Ctovrentton, lenving the people of the seve-rol electoral districts perfectly free and untrammelled into* selection of delegates to too Kattonal Convention, whoQ liojouiemember wbot number ef tetter* on tailsubject you did write before tbe torn latter was revived?A. l*o, three or four-I don't tomb more, before I gottbr letter of Jsnusry 16,1S&Q. . „ » in exeoosd himself, bypresent tune. It to—do ton importance and extent of the the ctetrict to todependent, an also are both ths delegate* but It wiU be the ruin of the party to Oregon. Itist-uestalled upon togto* saaccusal offrcm the Second, Dr. Wa'es. of the Third, was chosen as tbtt Grover csanot, like Laae, boast of having prepared an administration man, though bis opponents have charged himself for a statesman by keeping a wood yard forQ What time did you receive tbatletVer? A. I \ai in- cited to believe I recetvtd it tbe day or the day after.Q Bave yon referred to or rood all tbe letters froayour sister Anns before you rood toe torn letter? A. I Bounced by salvos of artillery. Too bave ail that I could fad: do not think I destroyed any. its provtatons te cause thin enihostQ Have j ou read all the pipers that you resolved from learned. These Bpaoah documentsber to the same envelope ia which you real lb* •'tore waded, tJreaauoentory affairs, witaooi potnt, Miter?"nnovottona, to principle, upon ton then late previous ao-ttoon of the government, involved to the bill for organis-ing the Tenttortot of Nebraska and Kansas, furnish cause dstrict, wil'gotoCharlettonunpledged, toe delegatesrrona dietinguiabed for their talent. Hto father, now aevenly-wbiCai WII. of coorM*The new countlfllia * f i _him with Douglaalnm. General Underwood, from the same •teamboeta on tbo Mississippi river His family ore all toe Fouitit nislrtot. Messrs. stony ana Wright, have da- five j rare old, ea* of the moat eminent surgeons in Mains,•nd wss rend bare ate other day, its! !2TO insured an opposi'loa Benstertbtp, but being a young man, only thirty fit*, atdeclined it m fsvor or Smith. Tbt democracy, on betpg cheated out of bin lervlce* aa representative by Lata, de- cidedtoreturnLimtotheSenate:andthoughhrhadagainat blm tbe combined mfiatcauot Lane and hit two tool*, Smith aad Stoat, bo tacked but one vote of a nomination.off kg* and arms, and dressing wooadi, at once Mm to bo transferred to tbe surgical staff.TOregon........"- -"*..Aeighty-nix vo'ten'are'f rom Statrin which will' bareupon toy consideration :—V9M.f , 4' ** *. IAlabama Arkansas Delaware Florida .. Georgia!..... Kentuckyalttathirt. ..*Hto oldest son, a lending democratic poUt!citu to Maine, baa been State Senator, and to now a delegate to Char Jetton. His second ton. for tea year a Professor of Modern Languages in a college to ana of too Middle States, died last summer while travelling to Europe, ttmember whether I handed them to him or laid them down on bis table.at oil, wtth tbs exception of* few half cted block doank, » ' oftwo a surveying party of four man over toe Rocky Moun-aatoorltI f8 '8 Smith Carolina...If Texan.. .«•«fTotalThese States would be most decidedly against the nomina-Whole number of voiceUnder any circumttonoes he w can Stephen A. Douglassua•ota* try to catch every breexe, and others get toe nomination or too Chuleeton ConveaUoaf He sii. tbst I wt* tttnatid by a*•••^»..t*S]J 120 l a )tabu, in tbe dead of winter, s'eeping to .«, . » „ , . » - ter Anna, a plan by which to wipe out the nttaint alludedthorn, wo* educated tt Bowdoia College, in Maine. Mr. Wise—No doubt, ao doubt; but I will ask you. I Frcm there ho went to Philadelphia, repeat tbe question. ,**srrx**AJIBCHAldied law for three years. The writer of tote A I remember but little about tt; I toy now I maysketch ens a schoolmate of hit for tome nix years, and recollects him both in the academy and at college as one of too most thorough ntoolarn. ante Osbatorn, and clear-have ('one itQ What was year plan? A. My plan wo* to state thelatendento, or federal Otoe*!. The liberate i ment after the trial; but yon, air, (to Mr. WaoJ bar* patiently tbe action of Congress in regard toamiable indiscretion of ballot etuiting—a charge iaformod bit patron that bo wot going to take a law writbng under the torture ****** by 0B assertion of Mr. pnetou*. rreiterated to the Convention which made choice library and start for Oregon. Nothing could bare as-Wat, Chatbo bad perjured himself already, called tbtGovernor a liar. Mr. Wine now gave the witness the re-newed foroe of his powerful battery, replete with bitter Our Magdaleaa River invective and scorching sarcasm. Many could not have mamouau Brvaa, N stood it Things want on pretty hot, and tbo scene be- The Political Condition cf tht came intensely and painfully interesting. Tat witnessof • Mm on delegate, aad not yet satisfactorily niplelaefsway. HeInanardentadmirerofMr.Douglas. Bis colleague from the same district is also for Douglas.tonished too old Philadelphia lawyer more, and bo asked, '-Why do yon go to that wild sad distant ferritory. a mere proviace, when yon con bare a fine practice in tan mstropola." Hto rsply, though sportively made, bo* turned out a prophecy. Said be, "Like Caesar, Igo to the provinces to t eturn upon the capital "Hto taw argamento before tbo federal courts of Oregon show him to be of sound judgment aad great daerirnina tien and strength of mind. Ir such men are slandered by the employe* of Lane, tad coasted oat by bit packed conventions, the democratic party in Oregon Is doomed; It ban tent tt* lost Senator aad last representative to Washington.Tbe rest of the examination up to tbo adjournment of favor of too federal government, ,andMtoeooflJenUybelievedbytboeewtuarehamwhetheritmadeslaveorfreeStolenbuttootitm<ghttratiun.Whateverpledge*maybemadenow.however,iBTORBsrnraMURDERTRIAL.Courtwotprincipallyupontbequestionattowhatthewltbthesamedistrust,aadI upon the subject toot tostatoc Hunter, in a rote be supported without just oflsaoo to slavery restrictionlew, to the denxoeracy of the Stoto atone, would bant because its effect would be to make free, rather than Steve States; yet, notwithstanding all this pandering to a CQeeanoT Wan aura than two to one, and If submitted morhttl, Beaaelenu anti slavery sentiment, ton anti-to unswerving ore these roproteatativea of ton faithful tost it in impossible to predicate what each one of them will be ready to do on and after ton 23d day of April nextwitness bad written, tat defence propounding questionsfrcm tan toon of bis tetter*, which, during toe inter mis-sion, they bad obtained. Mr. Johnson bad objected tethis mode or examination, totting the memory of the wit-ness when to* letter could be produced. (The Ooort righto," against what be callsMr. Hnator receivethonommaUoa a'. Charleston, camethere will be no opaosittea ticket to tool groat paten worn toon taken, nil over ton coun- interests a ut evidence of. tbo skill of thsTbe trial of Walter Land for tbo murder of BenjaminF. Flanagan, his brother -in-law, before tbo Circuit ruled that questions could be propounded to witness with Tlaisttroric^MthatMoaque^hstysfsstelfasnotarWfop all parties have enure eonU lence in bin try, by ton republican party, to repudiate toe -"-erector, ooaototoat poi^y and eminent oon- Idea, Ibat regard for ton negro or bin interest* hadtactics" of the administration men No man to the North bat been more active in hto endeavors to bave administration men tent to Charleston than Col- lector Austin, aad to these endeavors in a great degree IsCourt at Princes* Ann county, Virrinia, excited oa intense interest to that region. Land, tt will be recol- lected, escaped to Baltimore after shooting Flanagan, and won arreeted a^Barnum s Hotel After hi* return toof whom some six hundred are ante to Mve been •** The large number of killed is accounted for from 6 - * that the victors had eight hundred ©avatry troop* Pries commanded toamong tbo Hot of toe kflted.Tbe light took place at Bug*, oa Feb. 81 tabgreatly at variance wtth ton reports current si Feb. ST, which r*B*aaattdOa March 1 s bulletin wm punished st Beads foihartog matt teaasa* aa* postoreThe letter which Mrs Land tore into fragmento tamed toe following material potato :—"Catbe 16th of June Mrs. land discovered her huaband iDflagtcmti delicto, and reproached him for it, at which he (Lanu) retorted by accusing her of a want of chattily on the 17th of June. She started to go and tod her sister,Th* amtndmentt made by toe Cnitod to* Com Berraa treaty 'boaaat of too Mew Croonns ujogr* too United Bate* Cborge d'dffdroic u m d abont el*ht o'clock tt night; hadsbout tbe murder with my brother Frook; I sent Tor my brother;askedifhebodgivenupmy tottr —-— retraction; be said he bad given it to Mrh e t h o u g h t It b e e t f o r m y g o o d ; 1 t o l d M m b o b a tMt; njy brother advised me not to swear mat!ton* Mother* to the county and one la Norfolk.H. M. Woodboeos Mcalled-rtostoo with MlMrs Flanagan, niece ton murder of Mr. Flantgan; teach school; smce my sister left brother Daniel's, whore ah* w*s some time, I cam* to tbo determination of act seeing ber at all; I thotigbt if I dW ao tbe public might nay that 1 influenced ber to retract what I had heard she hod made to ber husband'a counsel; that was my reason for not goingsentkdtebow |t had be«a osajf) « MtotterWM MO-<a^<k*owjm lay*a^ssak afyoarOWBaday?I did; she tent for me; I begged bar, for God'n to ptrjnre herself; she nrene from the chair tal*i',,I' ~*^ - ----'*- —— i hod ptaoed n, tbe"--written by jou in the first of tbe correspondence ympro- tetted to ber what a dark cloud tan wss bringing over her(Here Mr. W a t rend tbe letter overlooked nets. It wo* doted January 31, I860 )by thewit-Wnese-I believe I did receive that totter with the "torn letter," aad I bavn toid you the reason.Cauco, whotendency ttfend tat not rtosa ofOspica. but ton latter Mviog no•f Uto ofltr, tad knowtag fullthree hundred soldiers to to* republic, vary dined the effer.After eoBtodarable war talk aadnew a protocol for a settlementbroil without toe torn of life. Harrow Mthe capital, fullyThe porta have been reopened by the sotoonty sf rt*fout the letters being produced, ai he need only testify as to tbe beat Of Mt knowledge and belief) After rather a toag tad trytaff examination upon what he had written, the letters were produced and read by Mr. Wise with full emphasis and force There were seven to number, and dated as follows:—Dec 7, 1810; Dec 21, 181*; Jon. IS, HfiO; Jan. Id, 18*0, Feb. 14, I860; Feb. 18, 18*0; March IS. 18f0These letters were pure in intent, replete with brotherly affeciion aad advice, aad mtertjpnrtod wtth Christian ap peals to God a'oce to lighten tbe trial* and afflictions of Ms dear sister. He impressed upon bar tat BiottMty of seeking religious consolation. Letter* wore produced by witness from Mrs. l o a f , which, tn consequence of toe lstrrjers of tbe hour, were not read thenWilson M. Bonney.in reply to ex Governor Wl*e-I waaand threatened to shoot Flanagan If she did. She sat-eeodod to pacifying Mm, however, sad bo then went to to*Mt'g7bmd;Tits»tW a minute, jarbapt, approached, about to toventigate a somewbat the ooort boot* to see H. M Woodhouse. Ho returned and tbea tow berJbot l TM ^ b * f i & ^ « m r t . to tbo rotokattoa*, and I oonnot asy with a paper which he requested Mrs L. to sign. On tbemorateg of tbo ltto.tbo day ef tbe murder, she saw l a t atalking to Laura, a servant Shortly afterwards ~approached too bouse, came in, tad wt* shot down.— —r-' "•Secretary of Foreign Affairs o f f bMrMoMthTehreWthotiubghatvbinlmgabeelftruanydeedrbaerBoctonmfiadMendcoa^wbfeulroebpltigead- federatica, to regard to tatouthim? I had rather die than bebe taken from all Iqo. at speaker's votes.Every noat was flltod, the beach,fnfl'tato temptation, towhere be iost every dime M had received,HB sad * frl www.fultonhistory.comreadbywtttrts._ The^S^.^S^&?.^»?»*1?« 