 k' ^dull. at 53e. Lisbibs,.tbe majority which he brings to the city. The question was, what is the determination of the were rather more servile than the Slave-States, WhoThe Fusionlsts estimate that Mr. Fobver will have people of the North 1 Do they mean to con- should say that this question was not most interesting ?publicanism,Jiaving disposed of Mr. Sewabd, the speaker pro-ceeded to speak of Mr. Lincoln, with wnom, he said, be bad been associated for a time in Congress ; and he could say of him. with perfect safety, that he hadThere have been two failures in the grain trade, Mr.Abchib & Sons, of London, for £15,000 sterling, andThos. NoEES,"i:20,000.Rio Janeiro letters announce the failure of^thehide and cattle dealers, for nearly half a million sterling.-¥OL. X.—NO. 2821V^?^ ^^tNEW-YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1660.Boston .^(/M. opened the n:eeting with a brief Imt in- another day to accomnodata Mr. Bnkxo't friends.PRICE TWO c^vmdo. sixes, go bh. ^ " ^hare.,311 MmCAL CAMPAIGN. eondttian, te the anxiety to be in time to see tbe open-bgofQmmeeting,at1o'clock,thereseemedtopre- terestingaddress.Heendeavoredtoshowthatthe Mr.SiWA«»acknowle<igedtbeaeattentionseaamt ; theservicesoftbenegroasabandeniaa>andaAad•YorkCealral ^w'•a**S»^.*****^"'--^of opinions among the few then present as to the hoar of commencing the meeting.Republican Tarty is tie really conservativeheartlty.why it was that people who oqoyed tJke fmlts ofslave labor, aa we at the Nortli did, ahoaU iodnlke invail agreat ratietyparty that all the revolutionary and treasonable doctrinesMr. SawAaseighia, «1.WeMgaa (iuttn,u»^_Cei^^ 'Mecttey la The field chosen for the scene comprised about three came from the other side of the house. He defended noon. Senator Wadi and Oen.Wi» also made elo- abuse of the Sonthem ^sten of iarolontary serri-city sqnarea, and at convenient distances were placed the party leaders from charges of disunion sentiments, quent speeches. The evening diqilay of Wldo- of theprwohfnisceh he charaeteriaad a« Kepublicaa Party,with6nat Beninitritiw ii fiTor of Gntin the bills said. Whether the 3,000 came or not is one Northern rights. He could, of course, pledge Massa-grandsoale. TheWeddellHousethe ac- foul of the and as one which,•JwAxmr oCUa«oI» Bes on the Battle- TkM of OenMmtown.of F. P. Blair, Montg^eiy Blair, F. P. Staatoh and Oth'eiB.threestands,temporaryplankenemy cotmtry,cordbggtohis prediction, would, If It succeeded-.rja^'"--In"""wsBiai.but It is certain that those who subsequently did come fully occupied the space that ought to be al- lotted to that number.ingUnion.cheers for the speaker, and three groans for LoNOH and Hahuii, the meeting dispersed.question,[Applause.]During the preliminary two hours, !he enterprisingand mevitable gentlemen in charge of tbe lun^-testingand strength and weight telling machines, the ven-ders of edibles and liquids, the entfcing offers of a stead of new and revolutionary ,as some of their oppo- suspicious-looking individual who sold medalionPOLxncaNamlMUlaaa.The Fourth District Bqtdbli(;an Convantion met last evening at No. 426 Broame-street, aad nemlaated JoBR CoHMBBrsBB, The nominatloa waamade nnaa-ofLiNCOu*andHAjiuiT,andgaveyouapresentVery near neigh- Bait, and once a member of Con-liral atCHy yeaterday aftemooa.XagUahJoaraalsofportraitsof a real gold article ofjewelry in the bargain—CoDgreaaioiial Convention met last evening, and nominated Joaaallfur twenty-five cents kept the graduallyTlncreaslng lic?the onofthe other hand, could that party whichTwy taetadef^iii ^< Oie SOtb tttt.—<ia« (tor j-ttrr HMt—crowd busy enough. Each train brought its acces-perpebiate How,principlesthe fathers of tlie Repub-gress, made a speech last to the nightYoung Men'swent for tearing down old established principles-AHOXBXB eSABD WIOB-AWAKB FAaASE. sions, and by 3 o'clock, the hour of opening the meet- like that of the Missouri Compromise—be called the Broadway.flieea received•pMtel ZMspatob to th« S«w-ToA Timu. ItaLusuHU, Thunday, Oct. 4.party They pretended to be the con if not more than «, when he entered thehall, andLiverpooling, there were several thousand ladies and gentle- men on the ground. ?conservative ? 7H o'clock; it was 9,grave presented himself, andAaainiMyAT THE WASHINGTON STAND,TbeStateofTtansylrBiiiamightfomislijuat whereMr.Wh.R.Wisnacalledthemeetingto because the latter chose to advocate the averypresentablemanheis,indeedorder, Mr. AannrsAtn MoIsTTax was called to preside, principles of WAsmiiaToir and Jimaaon. He S feet 3 in his stocking soles is:be stands abouttriumph American Revolutionary arms. He only hoped thatcountry,Democratic Party, and of all parties that had existedanannyofCapua. Among trmpa are tbe Itnalthe Foreign corps, lad the eom* of tbe Ooaid.«e*s apan these fonndatkm stoneswkna caoiatlna the State been so Ihorooghly organ- being equally decisive, ar^d show that our cotmtry's stances would he <anction the extension of:iMd. For the fksttfme is years a regular and reliable canvae*byelectionprecinctshasbeenmade. Second—CoL tbe candidate for Caainr,AbraSa! body. TBe KteS toothers, ibe Cooat die TtiS. ^A tee Count de Caseria, and Gen. Bww, vriw badaffairs had reached a to result in Its sal- turning-point,vation—the triumph of the Republican Party, ofharbinger.with all true friends of tbe he "was country,which triumph this meeting would be the Goremor, person- [Cheers.]tba rxery was prohibited, and also signed a lawCongress, repealing a law of tbe Florida Legislature, which taxed the slaves of non-residents double thethe Ger- that non intervention by Congress In the Territories ? Did not Mr. Jaokso; dt that act, admit the very —alKoet an average of twice in each county. TUrd— mantown mills. The fine yellow uniform of the important plank in tne Republican platform—armed and well rieraaled.''The Paris conespoodeitf of tbe Londtw jvimispassed byally popalar, an efficient stomp qieaher, and never At this time the scene was enlivened by the arrivalfiiUag to make a fovnable bnpreesirai. He has ol the Germantown Wide-Awakes escorting the amount of the tax on the negroes of residents. WasSecretary.Dr. Bius-f 90kea tt ninety-three meetings since bis nomintionMoreland delegation and theoperativesofon the leading issues of the day.When he had concluded. Gen. WASHEioTon Babbowthe Austrian protest against the invaatOB oTtteBoaMasutes was received in Paris yestardmr, aad that it lavery bitter indeed against Sardinia, bntat tte aaaaatime conftrms the general willnotInterfereatpreaent,naleaBVenetiaAoiddbe -:5to thebut of tbe Ume-honored of the principlesduly organized.and assured his hearers that the election of Libooln Aw^esison aII:j'c«TM,-s.taaio^tayj»^';2^J7^;^«^. q)eeidatoi>a>d«i|>Mm. a»e«»*«^2La!!fseats In front forthe accommodation of the ladles—S,000 of them, as would be the harbinger of Southern as well as of and others are briUiantly IBmnlnated. Notwithstand-chufetts for the Republican candidates.E^KECH or HOM. W. P. BLAIR, OF MISSOURI.Hon. F. P. BiAia, ol Missouri, on being introdaoed, was rejcelved with flattering demonstrations of wel- come. He proceed^ to defend the prbodple* of the Republican Party, as time-honored and patriotic, in-nents would have them believe.called^ innovaters who strove only to establish and bor of Hon. Jobsand Hon. Willis Blacxsto.ti was elect- Ftnt—In no pre- the present occasion would prove a coincidence, in up to the time named. The Whigs could look back ed Chairman for the evening. He said that he had2S,00tObmeeane,«tapatet betw.eJ%i^k«5Wide-Awakes, the fancy woolen sashes of the opera- the right of Congress to legislate upon the subject had come from Tennessee to address theliatil within tbe last three weeks, the different peoplekeen as wide apart as the Lincoln and LjncoLii, and a number of devices, rendered the BreckinridgeInto the Territories. And Democrats [Cheers.]could look back to the time when Jackbos signed thebilltoadmitthe of inwhichSlav- Territory Michiganwrilling again to come forward and aid in the perpetuation anaof tives, the gay flags and banners, the mimicwhite ofSlaveryinthe 'Territories? The DemocraticPar- thegreatStateandgreatCityofNew-York. HehadantieipaUanthatAaitria. '.—el^tAgain, I was at the Germantown meeting, today. the liniied States. [Laughter and applause.] He doctrine."] A man could speak his sentiments upon can Party of the North. He was not only a citisen of The antagonism between Gakibaui and the Pi«d-iipeakeiswho dare say that he was for the extcn.«ioii of Slavery. Even the Brecliinridge men took refuge behind the Constitution to justify Slavery. Mr. Douglas said he^was for leaving the question of the Territories to thepeaceably in the South on business, had been mal-the Free-Soil question. That hairbeen settledtherepulsations.STAiina, of KansasCol. CvaTiN, Col. HcCj.uac,And they the Ter- systemon the and Mr, subject,where a revolutionary struggle exists, and cashiering all officers of the marine as guilty of high treason, ex-war of such as Gabibaldi has been lead* revolution,-byRepubUcans of Philadelphia ai.dof tHe glort- viciuity fiocked toanni- place, held ttpieirt ofons Wide-Awakeunprincipled minorities under the protection of the that Maryland would be witli them Administration, and insisted that the retribution visitedfor negroesaccount, or wi.i.ou: ihe direct assistance of aa;any agitationDistrict-Attorney Masin, Mr. Davis, and E. J. Mobbis,soin thebut a war declaredhere—making a total majority of aliout 5,000. Tliia ia the best they claim.Martin,the nose, and the most un- longest},S00the biggest mouth,gainly- aiipearance of anyhis life, He would not even except Horace GaBSLct.throughniise measures, Cfilifornia was admitted, and tne tan of Congress. The State Legislature will be question, for that time .f 'least', was setled.' So cOm-ecutive Committee, also spoke at this stand during the afternoon,The pToclamation of tbe King Ims been ererywhereThe Fuslosists will probably gain three or four mem-the BattleJSeld of Germantown — yesterdaion herandother were mistaken when they believed, hypocrites would;maramotli-demoDstration ofwent on in the way were theyThe weather is favorable for the crops, though vari-universalthe newsdemonstration of N^w -York, the he wouldthat weiehed on their Southern neighbors. [Applause.] He had two and he- would not withN.vBB A Co., report Flodb at ZSs.^Sla Cd. for Ameri- can. Wb^at firm and slightly higher for prime white^ carried on hy k St.Ue of Italy whoUyonlta periodi-Jie versary of that contest which fiKs ,o unpo, ,ai« aest had fhey in this battle ? Pennsylvaniahad an in-quent showers, but,whole,the afternoon meet-eath-bed.and Gen. Rocca,In our history.Germantown, although its name woui.i s^j.. , (,f' had been a Slave torch-light parade, speeches 'by Tom Cobwik and that in the Invasion of Southern rights they Suppose Pennsylvania the weof.lager bier and billiards, is a very pretty aui,,;.i, Thlladeliriiia, of which it is the Tweuty-stcoud W;,.daad to wUehHarlem-bean to tliis City. Its cbarinini; resiliences,sales at 53s.®Ms. UYERFOOL PEODUCS MABEET. RjcsiR dull, at 5s.'a5s. 3d. for common.Provinces, has just assignedwith theFlorence.It bears aboot the same rclaticnNew-York and Virginia? Who couldRepubllCRD Demonstration at Cleveland^ Ohio.to the New-York Times. Clevelawd, Thursday, Oct. 4.whymidst of a heavy rain. The turn-out, however, was not a negro become President of the United StatesSpibitbof now at War, OeB."¥aiin,well-cultivated fields, and patehea of almi,. tforests, make it an attractive place of res--ir!, afor the tired denizen of the city, as for the trave!vr in1»arch of historic scenes. It is reached Ly horsa or <;nor,negro footing perfectare al- by the Plediiiootese soldiers, and scores of other siniUar little towns are waiting with hands outstretched the advance of the Uberattngsteam cars, at the low fare of twelve cents—''"^"''=*'ed, no State could permanentlyIf thisweek. low firm,Copfsbbut dull.Tai-tence four miles. The most blissful being aboutig-Spcechps were also Moaais made at this stand byOil,atiuis theaorance,however,sermstoprevailinPhiladelphiam F^rvJ RI^..Hl^'i'-"'^"^ for f-'ongress in his Clstrict, andwashail- Dr. Brad-Coast,Sinigallla,primi v:tlvice offor Pots, and 26s.®28i<. 6d. for Pearls. LONDON KABKETS.Pesaro, Faro and other campaign. places:ivcilshould socially orthem asto tliemselves? Why mightjiatWm. H. Sivard? Thetodo be .wouldThe MirJ-<tetwill ha\£ tlie direction fijr tba present of thathe dis- nros^e/.firm, 30s. 6d.army. Ten. mites from Faro,.the hours of starting', and the best route to take. Daltimore, duringat 93;ii 'S93i4wMch is any.in a ATTHEhe would appeal from that decision to tlie people of our Constitution. [A Voici—" Thai's so—that's my union party of the South was as bad as the Rupubli-How could be theyGen.Babbow,of Tennoaaoc a ,imons.The Fifth District DemocraticWtrAJMitritaM, Quebec haa llaaan-^' ';spokeherean hour thisCvRTn, The' Dcmeeratle AaaeaaUy NaBihiatI*aa>Ranlts. I haTe done my share of that ; at least, I be desecration to carry out the principles of our fath- carrying out that idea, in the non-extension of Slavery object of interest. "Well, Billv," said an Inq liaitlve The Eleventh (Breckinridge) Convention indorsed ThePatrwla antbqjlied fo sMcOiat "^i^aO^«B«aiBOcteoB9lBteeAil<tloa.oftlMi)oliticlaiisoraU•• Btates of tlM Vnimi. Tliey are hare from all chosen Vice-Presidents. Mr. Wirir took;would pniportlonately built,wears a genial, rotund face, and combines In 'his tory of the Democratic Party, down to the time that phyBical charactenadcs of a fine old Ken-by OAanaiMand Ur. J. C. Youhs and Cbas. E. Moaais were occadondid not believe that the of this peopleqaartcrs, talUnf, emvaaataig, baigaiiiiiig. It is the to notice remarks of the P<nnsyIt>aRian newsp^ier, Mr. DobOLAB overthrew Its policy by the Kansas-Ne- tucky gentleman.taliait Ure of dronea that I ever mw. Of course, that the battle-ground of freedom was to be desecrat- braska bill, and he would take the history of all other The next most prominent object in the room waseyes, cediaglilaa KraBce. Coot CATon, moreovv, pertoBtte* d^Iooia^ ;tlM fv-Thehere la making tnquliies as to probable ed to-day. He would like to know whether it would parties, and show that they were based upon the idea Mr. Billy 'WilBon's black moustache. Biu.i was an nated. last (Mozart) Convention nosd- tlealar objeet of Oabibalm** batMA.Eleventh District«T«rjtedy of Freedom; and that the Republican Party was but night Wiluam MoCsKKBT-for Assembly.ers:and.the of free-labor in thisIndividual, "I guess Lirooch ha." got the inside trackWk.McCohrbt.matioB of GAKgAui, naMiiiiilbg UMt ha wfil am>- clahDaTicTOB'EBAHunKtng of Italy fiw tbe «gp aftheTbe same journalti"onc<mceming the movements of BoMBA. It say*:And the utmost confidence preTailing among themen of the People's Party, that their candidate.Col. Ccaiiii, will be ele^ed by a majority thatcannot be less than ten thousand, and wUcb may be vious to the appearance of the distioguished gentle- while on the other hand no such princi- suEjjenderB for you suppose youEP£ECH OF AECniBALD HCINTYRK.Mr. MclHTTBS, on taking the Chair, said it would beof " " you fellows, this ^ImeBah."*but have aIfeirty thttnaan^ Yoa will recollect that there Is no men who were to speak. He would, however, call pwleerse aesvetrhobsefonreow held bya the Democratic Party first" Biu said, " Ail right," and vanished in-DAKS LATER FROM EUROPE. The Cit7 of Baltimore off Cape Raee.BapsUiaaD Party here worth calling an organisation. The ArUallty of the campaign comes ftom the Keople's hityctgaBiiatton. They base their estimate of suc-,'Kapin, whoee departure for Spala mMakenly annoouced, bad lA left Ua sSmT According to the laat^advlees, be waa atthe beadeitfolly for him to detain them with lengthy remarks pre1their attention to the fact that this was the Aimlversa- ry and the scene of the Battle of Germantown—thedecisive victory that secured ultimatetaught by political organizatioiL The Democratic doctrine was revolutionary, and subversive, and not only of the bestlinterests of tbeTh* of was KingHe claimeendcotuhartagitewmaesnt of demonstcroauUnothry—. susceptiblee'oing back to the history of all parties, up to within" nothing of the sort ; him off on a Barrow you come from ? I'llreplied Biix,nine or ten years—that all were pledged to thecy upon which tbe .Republicans now* stand;"make my wife work a pair ofQnirlnal, has really been Issued."htaocheeoftheDemocraticandBellfactionshave houseonwheels,representingthefuturehomeofMr. tyhadthrownitselfbeforefalsegods,andsetupfor come,notasagreatpoliticaloracle,butsimplyasa AppealorthePopetotheCatholiePowers. attacked. Theprotest,however,rcaei»ealatbe'faB-themselves new principles. There was every indica- private citizen. Retired from public life for more est manner tbe ligbt to send an amy Into B^, ^bIpro- tion of the ultimate election of Lincols. In spite of men. Since the attempted foaion In New-York, there cession highly creditable and quite picturesque, as it the fusion and confusion of the Bell and Ever- has been a kind of fusion here, but the friends of took the circuit of the field. ett and bogus Democracy advocates, Linool!( The Chairman then introduced Hon. Montgoiixbt would be -triumphantly carried into the Whitethan ten years, he bad hoped that he would never be sUtes that If Austria nowabetaiBB it tain artir 'aatta compelled to emerge from a private -station but The Mails tlie and be disagreeable to certain powers,' bat that the hddaCBim say tUa la not cardial, and if it were, It comes Elais, of Maryland.to»late; and that the weight of the Administration EFSECH OF MB. MONTaOHERT BLAIR.iifil break It down. Fimrtk—That Pennsylvania is MoKToouiKY Blaik, of Maryland, was receivedHouse by the popular vote, and thus would the principles of our fathers be maintained. [A Voice, " That's so."] The Democratic Partythe Nortli America. DETAILS OF NEWS PRETI0U8LT RECEIVED,revolutton."Tbe London papers of tbe aath nit. «t«»on.i»a ^adeath of Mr. Joaira Looa, M. P., far Hooitoa, aa< PresUentoftheInstituiionofCliilffinlnoenThe cholera is said to l>e nsawraas vietlBia """^pagainbes^withthatmaniaforachangewhichpos- withoverwhelmingapplause,andproceededto ad- coonntaecnctoeudn,taonfdevtihlrseoafteitnseodwtondestroytheThGeorverwnamsent making. nobe what Svhhrr and Hxlpbr representedaeaFed her in 1848, and which breaks her always:law on the statute-book on the subject of Slavery butSoutherner to befrom the Fejee Islands; he did not eat the legs andarms of a negro for breakfast, and take the balance of pool on Wednesday, Sath ult, vii Queenstown, 27th,dress the meetingaway The Chairman had remarked upon the im>priety of what had the sanction of the Democratic Party, and— every a cannibal ? No, he did not comefrom her Democratic moorings. They find evidence the children coining here to stake their lives upon they were going to dissolve the Unioq. Theof this in the daparalleled nombers who attend the the same cause that had commanded the devotion of ?arewt of 1650, as well as all that had preced- ed it, were alike approved by the Democratichis body for dinner. [Laughter.] He came from the passed Cape Race at 3 o'clock y^eiday afternoon. dwelling-place of Johh Bbll. [Cheers.] He alludedMontreal is the prefer capital of tbe Canadw, aadpoUttcal meetinga. their fathers. He felt that the same principles were and the South, and yet, because theParty Repub-to the of and corruptions existing political leaders,A briefof her news was obtained the summary bysays" It woald seem that tbe advlsna of Her Maiutbr^So mnch for the reasons why the People's Party at stake now as during the Revolution. "The cause licans proposed to maintain them, the Union was to will carry the State. I have seen the evidence that was the same. The . Interest of this country be dissolved ? Were they to be frightened from theirclaimed fur the people the right, and assertedcould be trusted no longer; it had always been dis-sat of these positions are well taken. The canvass the principles in question were the same. that it needed aid from the North to preserve the the Union was beset in the present crisis.' In 1832,Union. He knew there were Union-men enough in Ahdbew Jacxsok put down nullification but It was cargo. ;The Colonial Secretary has now saen Dm <pat wUhUathe man wjio Viatlangtm, lat. 50° 48" and Ion. 28" ZO", bound east that announced by our aide and expeileuced oone- stump. go directly to the matter which as men they were [applause]. If they wanted to go out of the Union would rather be right than be President,—and Daitiel The steamship Patettine, from Quebec, arrived at spondent, we caimot doubt that he wU loae aa tiamBe aeena to cany the people. He has the power to called upon to decide. They were told that the great they might go. but they should not carry out so much WxBSTXR also, who. despite the defection of friends, on the 25th. Jn advising Her Majesty to rectify the errer, aal Ihaa interest of the whole American people In this election ofthesollof the country as they could carry under had given utterance to the great maxim of " one Liverpool ^^tve to her Canadlnn sutgects the most jtwefol aal agnftire a crowd and draw it after him. This is no was a mistake, that there was nothing at stake in the their dirty finger nails. [Roars of laughter and ap- country, one Union, one consdtution, and one des- The steamship FuUony from New-York, arrived at acceptable return In her power for fiie ^fiffinivlBstVn re- ceptfon which Qiey have given to their futore 8ot-kaa k«en eoBdaetcd with great energy, and with a The Republicans of 1778 and of 1860 were the Sooth able to take care of the seceders and niaii- then scotched, not killed. In 1850, it was revived by Sunday, 30th ult., passed the steamship City af i.t., there Is no more t„o„bseasiaid ^ :kot if therresnlt ofclose regard to details. I have met Col. CaxTi!i more the same. He wou^ not endeavor to show them at fiers. From Missouri and Kentocky there would be Southern politicians, but then there were In Congress, inspection be to lead him to tbe sane coneladaa aa .^— than any other man I have met this year on the length the logical evidence of tills fact, but he would enough to drive the nullifiers into the Gulf of Mexico HxHRT Clat to stem the tide, [cheers,]nDder-estlmate of|he energy of the three factions op- coming contest. It had been compared to tbe quar- plause.] They would go in such a hurry that they tiny." [Applause.] When he (the speaker) had seen Southampton on the Xth.poMagCtd. COBix.rel between two men who got up a contention would not have time to shake the dust from their feet. Boston refuse to let the bust of Wbbbtbb enteron the bare supposition that one could own [Renewed laughter.] Jackboh proposed to raise vol- Paneuil Hall, the temple of Uberty which Italian affairs were unchanged.erelgn."The special conespoDdent of tbe Loadoa Tiaii, after describing the Orange dlstaitiance in Canada,on in- a field as large as tbe heavens, and the unteers enough in Kentucky, Tennessee and Missouri had so often resounded with his patriot- the foaion of Fosna, wasV It to 25. One of oilier as many sheep as there were stars,— to put down South Carolina secession, and Luvcoln ic appeals, his respect and esteem wereTlM TOte fa tbe BellCommitteeof thiscity,Tbe Sardinians continued to advance in the P^al<yiliH the one denying the other the privilege of would not have to call out a man north of the Poto- entirely lost. Along with these great statesmen stood States. that "the 'Wards last sight lepaUated. th^action of the putting the sheep into his pasture. [Laughter.] This mac River. [Laughter and applause.] one who (Uke Nai^lior, when, out of the force of saysNCoKBtttee, and determined to go for Cuam. The was I^r. CEiTTSMDKH'aview of the slave questioa, but At this point another delegation of Wide-Awakes popular affection, he was ter"med the " Little Corpo- The fortress of Santo Leo had sonrendered after Prince of Wales a good neeptiBa, and ob ~'-*"11*Ttit was derogatory to their understaodtiig, and dis- arrived, mill H^,Hi iii was otvUgad. to daafet speak- ral/') had been BBmed the Little Giant," SsaraRii some hours' firing, and was occupied by the Sar- twilailli^a'to^^frtamongalsiwtalltheBellmenhonorabletothewhole.AmericanUnion.Hadthey ing,ashesaid,becauseitwasuseless,fortheWidc- A.DbceLAS,[appUu&e,]yetw*BlittlebelowettberofUswishesIneveryway,thatitwouldcoatOkBraeof half coneacnad la it. If even tbe acaMaaaeef aa Or- BngedeaMOBttatioBwereBtteiimtadtobedicedr^aa tht Priooe during bia Tiatt to the United BMea.'IRMh whom I haTV fatted, Oat itU tbetr di^ to elect tlds where Slavery was tolerated—aa empire five times as with a man in the crowd taat In? Amannot territories to be taken care of, New-Me<Ieo, Awakee eavried aoeryUdac. before them. He agreed those great men as a statesman and a palrioC Who dinlane.the Wide-Cmmxforloetfreasons. Thefoorthproposition largeasNew-YorkrWasitnotwithintheknowledge Awa^eawereUkethewomen,onlymor?saHe ceivedthevoteofUitoneStat^inIHt,nowstoodaAseona was bombarded nine bours, by Bardinlaa TMaels, without much effect The reply waiTigonnu.Senas to be well based. of men in this country that JsFFiasoii had predlctecfa Ihougbt that if old Abk wocdd onlv agree to give bis hundred yards—nay a hundred miles above his Uientime for them to realize the responsibilities of that do, and his Southern friends rather a hard time of it. [Here a somewhat unruly personage was understood charge ? After the Dred Scott decision they should The Southern newspapers appeared to think that the to call out for cheers for Hauun, but an instanta-comprehend tbe necessity of rescuing the country Wide-Awakes were organized to do some fighting, neous shout was raised to " Put him out."]century' ago that the w^ole continent was to eorae under best office to the man who would capture the most successful competitor, Jajbbs BccflAivAirThe demonstration last night was very the sway of the -American nation ? And was it not GiMunionists, tbe Wide-Awakes would have plenty to FlLLllOBE.say the caniumadeland andlarge, considering the efforts made toThe Sardinians occupied the fortress of Cartlllan.it up. It exceeded in magnitude^et yourrespectelse was there, thenwho, though be bad re-The official Roman journal contains Cardinal An-of the same night. It was remark- any attempt carry speaker, "they say Indies will be again presented to the Legtalatnre forfrom the doom of such a dictum. The supreme Courtand if was made to out certain "Never mind," resumed thedisplayable, too, for one or two characteristics. In decide one case, and give one decision upon any one ington to see old Abe inaugurated. [Cheers.] The him out. Ifortunatelybad not the ultimatepower. They mightto Wash- that Hamlin half athreats, the W'ide-Awakes would have to go is nigger, any way. Dont turn TonBLU'B note, claiming the assistance of the Cath- Its consideration. Besides Dutch Guiaoa, there aream not afraid to be interrogated by al but the people were attitude of the Democratic Party, North and South, ilic Rer-ubiicaits in. the State of New-York." [.Ap-were in the ranks, carrying torches and giving and the people had the same right now that they al- felt that they were under the ban of a des- was allowed henceforth to remain unmoleste.l.l Tbe Garibaldians had met with some reverses near ways had, to fix the character of this Government—to potism greater than that of Austria. They The speaker resumed by declaring that with a viewstrength and character to the demonstration. There say whether it should be free or slave. i.\pplause.] fmew that they dare not speak what were the to avoicf offence to any one, he wished it to be under- Capua, lo.^ing about 200 men.provision of the Constitutionthe front ranks were a thousand or more of the makers and sovereigns of Courts and of Presi- showed that they knew the power was passing out of jlause.]the Islands of St. Eustatius, Saba, Cura^oa and part;the first merchants, maQu&cturers and professional dents. [.Applause.] The Supreme Court had been their hands; that the people meant to reassert their [It soon transpired, however, that the unruly indi-men of the city. David P. Baovii and Hinst C. Cast overruled over and over again, on the -•lien and Se- rights, and put the reins of Government in the vidual had cHlle^ for groanb for Haiilin, instead of heights ValluruE, preparatory attackingof to the Nea- dition Law, and the United States Bank question, hands of abler men. The people of the South cheers, and beiug ^cognized as of the true stripe, politans.must t>e earnestness and decided effect wiien men As they stood at thi-* hour, every foot of territory in sentiments of their hearts, except some few stood that in speaking of the Black Republican Party, in a freshthe country was a slave territory, if the determination who would speak whether or no—[applause and he so spoke of^lhem as a party whose triumph would GAKiBAini,of the Judges personally" (in a jocular manner,) that worth anything when deprived of the guarantees of tbe Confederacy. And yet he thought that the dis- march against Venice.It ivas held in a large field. Five stands were erected aslted that the people should determine the any other questions in the South except that of Slave- Tennessee, but a citizen of New-York. [Applause.] montese Government continued. question for God and the ripht. [Applause.] How ry. He was forbidden to speak on that subject—ex- He could therefore address them as fellow-citizens,like these give the example of walking in processionmiles.proclamation. Indicates that of the Supreme Court was to stand. He had told some laugMeri^the men who did not consider that life vras endarger the Union of the States, and entail ruin upon he will join the Sardinian troops at Rome and t>eglu aWe are in a state of actual war. fi is on a«r fromTiiichthepeoplewereaddressed. Amongthe stoodthepartiesonJthlsquestion? HeulJnotbelieve ceptononeside—attberiskofsacrificinghislife. [applause,]andwouldspeaknowuponthegroui^s TheKingofNapleshadpublishedthedecreesat Tuscanborder,andtilepopularheartherelabeatlagwere Speaker FisniRaTOR, the Blaibs, there was a inaii In Pennsylvania, of whatever party, Only recently citizens of Northern States traveling assumed by the Reuublican Part^ First of these was Gaeta, ordering a state of siege in all the provinces with new It is notpardyandstmplytheThe (Setdiscourage them. If they would put their shoulders to the whSel and save our land for freedom for four years,guaranteegoing, theypopularityandthey look on any one ofinferior,ready ,occuirteashe is consecrating the Free Territory of the now^nwas just.The speaking was somewhat Interrupted by fre-lifered,;white,asUnited Slates to freemen. [Applause.] Whit inter-his mercy;U.930.5fro-n his head-qoartors at Rimtoi ^'crn. CiAinis., have directedtreated, and outraged, and driven out. were called upon to spread into ritories of the United States thebasis forSlvabd had himself declared as much.candit'ate for Congress. The crowd in attendance people. But, if he acknowledged the final determina- that was productive of such fruits. Only But the South had never obtained a solitary foot of cept those of one vessel, which went to Gaeta.was very large. There were a great many ladies, tion of the Supreme Court as binding forever, how recently some quiet, peaceable citizens ofcould the people keep Slavery out? If the Constitu- Kentucky had been driven from their homes for Wide-Awakes and Hail-Splitters in wagons. In which tion g.ii'e the right there was no refuge. The speaking on behalf of Freedom, and, the Governor artlaaos were at work, and all the paraphernalia that Repni J*'fii-.s, on the other hand, said the of the State had acknowledged his inability to protect Constiiuti' n gave no Eucl).urighU They be- them. They had, however, gone to " Cash. Clav," ga*e Tailaty and excitement to the canvass of 1840. lieved that the spirit of the ordinance of '87 was in and he did protect them to a great extent [Applause.] The Bell men hold a meeting at the same place to- the Constitulion. That the great men of that day ab- Talk about protecting our adopted citizens in foreign horred Slavery, and tried to confine it to its then pres- coimtries—tnis was a prolific subject, that of protect- morrow. Gen. BAaaow is the principal speaker. ent limits. Until Mr. Calhoch's 1847 resolutions— ing our own citizens at home. We needed an Admin- Gov. M«a»H»«n left here to-day for the Interior. pror-ounced " firebrand resolutions" by Mr. Be>ttom— istration that would realize that the rights of citizens there had beeiv no such views advanced. Tnus Re- In the States were an hundred times more important Gen. Cau, of Florida, spoke at Reading to-day at a publicans adhered to the,ConsUtuUon as practiced by than the question of the rights of our citizensintcrvalthe Nortti had gained Oregon,Washington Ter- -^ ritory and, above all, the great State of California. The ples and tnlluence over Gabibaldi.the words of VicioB EnAiirxi., in which he gives hisBen meeting. those who made it, 'sixty years after It was in distant lands. [Applause.] All evidence tle nigger. [Laughter.] In that speech W«. H. Sew- Warsawat the Royal meeting.of his own will, the King Itas taken a boid slap.Besides speculations, I give the made. Who should say, then, that the people showed that the great Democratic Party was ABS said that for the future he would rely on foreign- yon following fig- of Pennsylvania -should not do their best to disintegrated. Docolab could not maintain ers for aid in the great work of establishing liberty ii:it is to have the of Sorapa, amroyaltirvs, which I have obtained from reliable sourceshlnlsel^ for his policy—the whole Northwest He, (Gen. B.,) of course, was not wanting in respect for foreigners, but as between them and Americans he had no reason ever to yieldthem precedence. [Applause.] If Mr. Siward'b doc- trine were carried out, It would, in conjunction with"the efforts of his foreign friend, shirts," or somethinglike that, [laughter,] terminate in the destruction ofThe estimate that Col. Cuetix will People's Partynews isThere was a severe storm on the Bouthem and secret given, we shall not find It difficult to persuade:constitutional way. representing their"Hutt Hwas not taken nadlthasettle this question in aby electing the candidatesprinciples. But they were told that if they were North and another at the South—telling the formercome to Philadelphia with from 15,000 to 17,000 ma- not careful Uiey would dissolve the Union ; that they that he was in favor of liberty, and the latter that hehad an intention of with Slavery In the was the man who had made more slave than jority. They estimate his majority here at about interfering territory«00, states. Tiiat was a reflection upon the good sense of any other man. The South knew his services. Mr. and then admit the possibility of a tie, but nothing the people. As to the speeches of individuals upon BrcBANAH said to Gov. Walkxr that if he couldn't worse than that. This would leave Co:. tlus question, whether they seemed to attack South- make a Slave-State of Kansas, let him make a Demo- Coaiis Intact ern rights of property or not, it was of no moment. cratic Free-State his exi>erience was that the latterthe Confederacy, and the inauguration of the pestilentdogmas of Red Republicanism as well as Black Re- when the City of Baltimore sailed.the it is better which have so lou0 bowed it to ground,that such a great gcod should be accomplished by tbe aid, and under the direct control of a war caiiied oaby a regular Government, than left, to the dtaaeaa of a popular revolutint, reqKmaible torn aathocity ac- cept that created by itselt3,«» majority outside of the city, and from 2,800 tofound tlieir right to govern the Territories Who should decide that it did not call every man towith projects to interfere with the rights of South- ernStales? Certainlynot. Thesecriesofdisunion had beeh heard before, and knew they were meant but to intimidate the Republicans. Mr. Ciat was opposed to the extension of Slavery, and his Compro-the batlot-box in November ?[.\pplause.]Delaware County, andif he had any policy—was that of double-dealing, [laughter,] sayliig one thing at theWhether 01 notwe shall soon see.consent of the Sovereign of FranceMr.RobertL.;ofMr. CoE, President of the -Maryland Republican Ex-than Hobacb Grielet. [Ap- iiiause.] What had Lincolh, the legitimate represent- ative of the Republican Party and Republican prin- ciples, said ? He had said that this country must be all slave or all free. Well, of course. It could not be made all slave. Then suppose we took the other alternative. Whatwerewetodowiththe4,000,000the politicians of 11:56 who had carried Pennsylvania Gov. W iiiER'8 Secretary, and at one time Governor States but Wm. H. Seward, offer to buy them. ThenParty, andTthe want of confidence among their oppo- by sentiment and the alarm of Kansas. He took occasion to review the effect of what were Republicans to do, suppose the country F^reicn Commercial Newa byThe Senate wffl stand 23 (e pieiewas the supposed settlement of 1850, that allAT THE WAYNE STAND,witnessed since the last war, a demonstration bo full of half-wild ioy, as tliat made after the royal de-itooa^ People's Party.1^ yariiapi S4 io i. TUs will de^eai Biuua'ii rctutA had been conducive to that result. Who had disturb- and I)r. C. M. J.tcRSON presided.England.Pbihci AirESD was at the Cape, where he met withbeenPROCEEDINGS OF THE jMASS MBRTITJG. Of Southern blooti, and was not the moh to disparageintent of the'Kansas-Nebraska bill, and ruthlesslygrossest misconceptions as to the South and Its insti- tutions, and bad not, with all its power of dplng somuch good, prevented the spread of Red Republican- ism, I ree-Loveism, and kindred enormities. Letare favorable market Is quiet.BREADSTUFF3 MABKIT.Trom Ours|foke.it to be supposed that the-he had voted for thatbill,stormy applause.other cities. Thei Speeial|Beporter.emwas but one man in ten directly interested in the in-The same sort tlim has been made In must of theP^T"** in agreedrecommendingthe measures thatMr, IlsHRvCooswEU. called the assemblagetoorder,No^ was the men of the South, who lived by soundingcame oat in thou- sands, witli banners, and bands of music, dnglnc thetotheSenate. edthisequanimity? Wasit the Republicans ?; itenthusiaBticreceptions.cree wasposted.The populaceBPrkCBOFHON.F.P.STANTON.As an evidence of the cotddence of tho People's the *ocsin of danger to slave property. It was The Dlincipal speaker was Hon. F. P. Stantos, of niggers? He had not heard a man in the United Business at the Capewas dull.nents, I state the tect that for two days, that $10,000has been ler a bet on Cmru) without takers. It upd'ividing public spreadingthat Republicans iiitended to Interfere with Slavery in the South. He to facts to show that the Re-were made all free ? They must take the niggers by what some called the "dead question" of Slavery would not them rob men ofMr. BrcHAaAH's Administration. He showed foice [since tliey buyupon their and make the United States another how, commencing with the confidence of the people, propertyBaltlmare.LivBBPOOL, Wednesday, Sept. 2«.--.;I;appealedpublican Parly now, as always, intended merely toLITBRPOOL COTIO.S MARKET.The sales of the last three days, including to-day, Prince CAsiaaAiro in the eqoare of the Ptttlthe Southbut he knew there were plenty of Soufn-;;men who wouldspeak justpate guilt.slave district in Tennessee,and ksew that the construction upon it by the .\dmin- Istration was quite the reverse of that held b- theguage the burning wrongs inflicted upon Kansas byare firm though pie LITBRPOOLstitution of Slavery. Wasnine men would give way to tlie tenth ?peopleat the North take care of themselves. If theywould findUnwearied•Wednesday evcnin?, undaunted by tbe threatening that the political parties w*e divided should not supporters of the bill. He depicted in forcible lan-by•torm, and no doubt cheeiedtheand natoridly;Mr. Bt'CHAHAN had concluded by distracting Hayti. out on a larger scale. The mis- governed of slaveshas been advertised far and wide, to be put up In sums govern the country as our forefathersto suit customers, but nobody seems willing to cover tion with respect to Slavery; and besides the guar- the esteem of Ihonest men. He ;reviewed the iu the South that prevailed in the North' have been 29,000 bales, of which 10,000 were to specu-it.{Applause.] They would not change tbe Constitu- Ills party, violating his pledges, and losing taken notions regarding the treatmentand the King's Ueuteoaat lespoaded to thewere due to the Press more than to the people. The of the Republican Party. He was himself ident had violated his plighted faith and the avowed recklessness of the Northern Press had fostered thePalace,greetii^; t>y throwing open wladowesaloon, and showing Idmself upon Oie balcony, with r^eated liftings of the hat, in acknowledgment of thecf show of satls&c-any part of it. Significant! LEU. antee of the first, he would refer them to the acts course of events in Kansas, pointed out how the Pres-The market closed steady andsacrificed all former friends who refused to partici- a-? he There in his As a representative of the largestpricesand had nursed histerest In the way those Territories were to be filled, ing was quite enthusiastic, in the evening the meet- Sraiidchildren[,Applause.] Black Republicanson theif Slavery triumphed, where would be their.marketji in ing was to be continued, and enlivened with a granddaughterf^om his al Arezio,movements tow<j-ds the Papal provlncea of Vm^'he PacificState, like Kentucky,that she would now occupy -the same posi-have assistance of the slaves. But supposethe North'drove the slaveholders into the Gulf ofcould not any man calculate others.of tion in the commercial «cale that Kentucky MOVEMENTS OF GOV. .SEWARD. Mexico,— not our duty to regardlefi Turin to astatM' theto him. Tne Marquis CaaaVM, ekaigadbetween! theLook at Uie contrast pro-sress ;IjK- ofilrny that Virginia would, with her natural advari-on the enforcement ofshe taken the ad- she had chosen tos«ijp off eiglit white men for one negro. [Laughtert"efs, have equaled New-York, had Thomas jErmsos. ButSpecial Dispatchand put thethe Keijubllcans regarded them all as their equals,upi.iauMc.i .-ilaryland hail fallen intoin theDofOLAS came into the car to see Mr. Seward, greet-Mma,„i, u,„;; ;^p of free laborwere principles.morningWheat, ls.a2s. higher on."„ I.apjiearance ed with loud applause and stamping of feet.the It is present Pope.">such strong place(ttviNs, ofand dc.siring to introduce him to aDouglas crowd outside. The friends of Docolab in FOBD did not, however, suspend his remarks, but for money, and tSJi for accotmt.the afternoon. LAFAYETTE STAND.andwereAMXBICAII SECURITIES.flie .to aArrived apon the ground, in a somewhat perspiring R^T.POTTB presided. Mr. Pahobo«.-., edi'.or of flie t«sy, jpostponing the reeeptloo of their own chief toof able to makeparticularly unpleasantreporteroflabor in the South, and to discuss the question of Slav-lartthop««e«tbead.qaar.ers^Mr. rratj, Nkwhn called the to meeting order,Chicago also treated Mr. Reward with marked cour"that e«^l.III beefthe sameMr. Skwahd arrived here thislarge. On the way, at Laporte, aliout midnight, Mr. it alone. He would not say that the election of Abra-ingccrdially.^Consolsquoted,onWednesday,as Macerata, ^„^on.i and Spoleto, Perugia,Untitled Documentthe rain, thedemoButraUon has been a grandtehlecting Liaooui, inevitably bring on a dissototion of FasTiROKtdnn.ciTT MATIONAI. CNION CtUBNational UnionClub,who hold forthat No. 6Mcountrycountenance such an attempt. He would take the his- son all the per- Jahxb H. Wbub.Theby the Aro^e.»crew-gt«ain«hip OUugou. Caot^iwnB.General was decidedly dUatory. He was to have been on hand atThewhich sailed fromnominated WaLttM H. Oiasoa.TheTwelfthDistrictConventionnominatedCou. AletterfromTurininOkl»atiswa$ noThe Republicans spoke of Southern aggression.Ke was uglier evennearlyafter-!-«»* ea.; rKBBTING. Bpcecli of Oca. Ban«w, af Temwaaee.Hwn^imimM msiMsm.RepaUicanservatlve party, and woulo make it appear that Re of his embryotic admirers twgan to entertain many venUon met at the Fifth Ward Botel, last eTeBing,aDd ftora Queenstown on On Mth,ulanaiLvtad!mi<imni^Zlpublicans are the innovators and agitators simply fears about him. At be length«4kk>itt last DittU la^ttatpolitically 1850, but,joined with him id< twoextension of a /eellng of national conseivatism, and to Stand by the Vnion and the Constitution at all hazards.pushed a strong reeannoiBsance between Foadi aad BombardmentofAnconabySeaandLand Romanfrtmtier. Capoa'asdGaetawerebatbatiaMdrMr. Lipms was then electedroRD, in compliance with earnest and eager calls, as-was introduced, amid much applause. He said heinto thePitpai Territory.;when he heard the surgings of sectional striferewound throughout the land, he felt bound to takepart in tbe struggle which now involved the peaceof the country and the safety of the Union. Hecame here as a messenger of peace, as a friefld,an and a brother. he came equal [Applause.] True,fromtheSouth,butthoughhewasaSoutherner,wasby Glasgow^ herBelfiiee to choose her own boar far ««f-»H't «fc«it to be their duty, to settle for themselves news yacht of the Associated Press.in its whole length and breadth showed that propriety by threats of this kind ? He did not believe and by themselves the difficulties with which The City o/Baltimore has S82 passengers and a large so, there is abondanse of time to eomet the'•."1 bet these chaps here will runTWOpensed with,to 1850, when Hixav Cut said that under no circum- closed his career In in common OFFENSIVE PREPARATIONS OF GARIBALDI which hai iuit tbe mibiSlaverypoli-Good, lliu,?where did;Mtanti r.BeforeGen.BAxz«warrived,the meetingdrink,gWea some interesting iafatma-hadOn motion, the regular order of busiaess was dis-man he had ever seen in allgreat House of MiLioCape of Good Hope mails to Aug. 21 have arrivedin hailed with enthusiasm. Here in Florence has not—y"'>an;beenconteaded Uiat fli* «|]ma(e of the Foath damaadedtude. TheDoctorwas inhiseondemnatiaasC«nf>reael«aa]DcFPT, the nomination being; unanimously made.'NaariaatlaH.The Third District B^tdiUcan AaaemUy Coo-Seventeenth District Convention nominatedcended the platform and spoke at considerable length Farther Adrancement of (be Sardinians "Iieamtlt)m a source, which I think nUable. thatThesteamship City of Baltimore, from liver- in Spain. It U at present in Toledo.The London Tima, in a leading artleia, argaa ttatLatersea continued, but at Intervals.byThe- of Holland Kingdispatchesopened the Imhilillwiaea- Oon at the Hague on the 19th ult. In the eoon* of his address his Majesty said that a medtted pr^fi* d* l&l for the suppression of Slavery in tin Dolcb Weat4 1byterritory since 1845, when it obtained Texas- In that The Republican cause was gaining grotmd in Na- Before this comes to hand you will have printedSouth never stole anything from the North ; it always bought whatever it got. Tbe honorable gentleman tlien directed attention to Mr. Seward's speech, de-It wasNaples.reportedthat Vicioa Hi/oo had arrived atreasonsto the world. The extends his hsid to Kinglivered In Chicago. He thought Mr. S. had changed Cardinal Spobza had been expelled from Naples by the rebellion which his ministers have been so bmg his tune. In Maine he said the contest was only be-gun. He now came out and said that the contest the Dictatorial Government. fanning into a flame. That it Uaaaa out bravdy iswas ended and the victory gained. What, then, was It was positively asserted, notwithstaddlng official sufficiently apparent to all. Obeying the oooaaalaf he striving for? It must be for what Horacehad called "goats wool," or rather, the wool ofa lit- contradiction, that Nafouon sought an invitation to hls.able advisera, not leas than following Oe IminJaas^^mwm. f^J'^^^olic Powers.Garisaxdi had concentrated his troops on the of St. Martin, imder the Government of Holland.THE ITAtlABI KKVOMJTIOH.The FrfcIanMUion »T Vtefr BMenoil B thnstosm of its Rcceprlon—Preliaa'aa iUoTemenis of the Opposing Farcea.S*rem Oar Own Coircspondent. .Flobbxcb, Friday, §Bl4. I*, ISK.BreadstuSs were in France. advancingThe Bourse was firm at t8f.50c,Eastern and some ourselves. If Rome is to be unbound, apd rid of the coasts, shipwrecks.The weather was. broken, but fine and promising load oi mediaeval Ignorance and priestly oppressionEnglishunimportant.*a5 la previooslylators andThe adv-ices from Manchestertbe of tbegrandexporters.<t.Lowbia,of the war istheir hands full, without incurring the responsibilities able. RicuABCBOH, Spxbcb fc Cc, and WAunxLD, SSugh it is so, as i; is ,befirst,foracomader.Ue;tliem untold gold one of themkey nightly;at that negro's wife was a mother to his12s.'aiSs. U. Cobhhis and had (Mr. U's) house,bisllB.ai2s.and ed-'dls. higher; mixed, 3Ss. 38e.®398.buoyant while,was itquences to come down to the practical results that would ensue the doctrines of;followto' theTubpimtijii dull, at 31s. 8d.'a32s.Sooab, dull.only wayGerritt example of Shiib,politically,dilEcnlty could not be solvei'Gen. Barbow a of the entered, escorted by couplemembersofthecommittee. HisBaiADSTrrrabuoyantcontinued at length to prove the necessitythe conse-firm and rather highert for God's sake let;negroery in all its social and ecoBomical relations. He Sales of Illinois Central shares,bstheSooab,lONDON HONET MARKET.down the Adri- birth-place of._UARKET.Bbbs dull. POBB quiet. BACoa steady. Labd stea- bria and thetheCityofof a year ago, and laaMag tha streets and squares of the city lively wttb aa eaette- ment calculated to atibaate aiiih Ita noatagion tha most indifferent spectator. The erawd saluted tteLITEKPOOL WtOTISIONSdy at S3s.«e4s. Chbxsi sllghUy declined. Tailow Dointed by the Ring Commissary^Oenatal ft«eCor-on a of equality. If rBE, firm. Ricb, quiet Asnrs quiet, at 27s. 9d.®28s. Areizo,al 17.>4®1«3< dla-11 UrnCamu-ma for mamy. aad WKflinii fa^ie-NEw BY THE ThemaHa by the:1 iiilr tAmtowards Counttin Dictator'* of toI— ^-.far tbedislike Mihave been ndsled in tbe seieedim (hey hare ttiada. uIf he ovea now that faisowneyes. approvesit, behIasaeeaSouth,one State against bnother by a regular proclamathHi.inggallantlythe Roman patriots, and promises to guide and helpexciting war-songstheirMarches. The Marquis Pa»eu, ap- far -^wkoae anamiriaail, jcMhad AH*pitne^ial groundCAveoa, is the anpardomdiic ria, iaThe Ainertcans are so l)ent on giviag theehaigs same dutiei for Spoleto, baa est off froml^atyo aWt>"ol""*^aa^:•-'*3 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 