 fhours they were held at bay. Little, o|quit-entents—Railroad toRustendji, £c.,oV. havearisenmIttlyoutoflateevent*;butunuUh« tS- could be doneinthestreetsbysuchasu_—^__, overallthosej provinces.' ThisPreside might be*neighborhood of the foreign settlement at Shang bae has revived the interest formerly felt in their movements, ror some years they have been de- clining, rather than advancing in power, but 1860 has proved to be the epoch of a remarkable iat provement in their prospects. Reduced to greatIdecoration, given to It by our national shield ZTA flag; the shield «d «ag Ueed, of a conntry whSnaccount of tleir actions except to God at the day ofjudgment.| , *Such wis the history and such the character of the Papal .government in the Marches of Am "<'-*• A n d h e r e w ^ i c a n a o t t e r m i n a t e t h e s e c o n s i d e r a t i o n so f P e p i m o f J d j t a r l e m a g n e , o f S t . H e n r y a n d m u -nierous otherai^rith their respective confirmation'!, without calling to mind how, whilst Cardinal Fer-ADDITIONAL FROM EUROPE.Arrival of the New York and the Arabia's Malls.Reinforcement of the French Forces at Rome.the intrigues of the Rus- the , the use of fores, InStflSi of tag, would bat aggravate toe evil, By plunging aetruggla from which a general war might «Hat+leti Reselfed to Protect the the two provinces of WaUachia and Moldavia, and*E—jfr•A-J'iMMl preparations have been E L * " j A ^ S i ! * * „ * • ••*f c «betweenher ala.PatruDoay ef 8t Peter. Gallant Conduct of the IrishBrigade in Italy.THE REBELLION IN CHINA.the soldiers of these same provinces to occupy Bulgaria. This denotes mistrust on the part of Russia of the Anglo-French entente and the policy of Austria, and dearly shows also that the CzarmowTng^them^down literally like corn before theed to impose on those provioces was rejected by the same, it continued only as long as it'was im- posed by force, aad it ceased on the departurerens sets of apartments have been taken at the different hotels to afford accommodation to tile members of the sufte by which her Majesty is ee-MlWWMIW'W'Ol'OaiWWIi'MMiMIWM*Our Oonstantinopla and Ww 1 1 v l p V l l U v U v v fjoint protectorate; Russia to take ail of the ruins of very much restricted, particularly ia the maattacturingfthe city of Fano, be promulgated it and daused itto be accepted at this great meeting. This com- berg, the Prinae of Lowenstsm, the GovernmentThe steamship New York, Captain Ton Saatea, fromArnbm, reached this city from Bottom at • late hour last•J«*«- a TThe main points of the Demi by then arrivals hare already been publishedthan risking another vain glorious ened fire from then- heavy ar-though at long inteivala—the Presidi aforesaid;ceived why these also should not be given up to Sardinian garrisons. The temporal power of the Pope is gone certainly from the moment that the revenues are cut off by which alone that power can be sustained. His Holiness cannot fish out of the Tiber, as St. Peter and the other Apostles might have done, the means with whiob to sustain his caaae.The siege of Ancona is going forward so suc- cessfully that there can be but little doubt that within a very tew days Gen. Cialdiui -will be ableto report that he has become master ot that im- portant post. It must bo an additional cause for mortification to Gen. Lamoriciere to be conquered by his olti schoolfellow. It is said that Cialdiui and Lamoriciere were not only at the Polytechnic School in Paris at the same time, but in the same class, and rivals as early as then.The notice whicn conies from Naples of the ap- pointment of Charles Cattaaio as pro-dictator is not received with favor here, but is taken as a sign of a tendency of things ia that quarter more and more unfavorable to an adjustment such as isdesired. The changes made at Naples of persons connected with the management of civil affairs under the new order—or disorder—of things, are so frequent, real, or at least reported, that one finds it difficult to remember or to know who are those holding conspicuous posts of public trust. The Marquis Pallavicino Trivulzio, it was believed, would have the chief place, with the confidence of the King, in the direction of affairs, as soon as Ga-ribaldi should once more take the field.We are enjoying most delicious weather now in this part of Italy. The atmosphere is full of a gold-en sheen, which dazzles the eye like the directbeams of the sun. The sky is brighter, and of a •clearer and purer hue, than at any other season of the year, Indeed, the weather, and the whole as- pect of earth and sky, are hardly less beautiful just now than what you are enjoying of our own deli- cious Indian summer. The vendemmia is just finished, and the yield ia more than double that of any season for the past nine years. The people are hoping onujuMKr cheap wine—next to the re- covery of itsOjBBpendence, the greatest joy and consolation of the country. The people have eaten all their great water melons, and now they are feast- ing upon fresh figs. Of these a dozen of the best may be bought for one of our cents, and two dozen of those not so good for the same paltry sum. The very finest grapes for the table may now be bought for three and fonr cents the pound, and their quality is so tempting that one indulges pretty freely ineating them.The fine weather begins to bring back from the* cool lull sides and the "shady valleys nocks of sum- mer absentees. With these begin also to be mixed up a good proportion of incoming tourists and au- tumn travellers. It is expected that Florence will be pretty full of foreigners the coming winter, for the matter is already made sure by the large num-Consul should be a gentleman possessing athorough education, with a considerable knowledgeWo claim this and nothing else. Refute, b not calumniate. Do net aiwars sillily or wickecwFlorenceKsrsend Erzeroum, A c ; France Syria, and EnglandEgypt The islands of the Archipelago—quite smallbones of the turkey—are to be "snaffled up" byGreece and Sardinia—or perhaps even the UnitedStates, which, it is generally believed, is "dy-ing" to get an island for their naval forces in the mising character, aad the meat positive proolli Of nume-The Piedmontese brought up a Ives, and after the first dis-Southampton October 3, arrived at this port at tix o'clock Archipelago. T oo will be surprised to learn thatyesterday morning.Ik* European mails to UM Ok inst, brought by the by this arrangement England is to get Egypt, inclu-potooa. _ I .<>. PavuotA, sept aft, lap.The whole population of Sabine and Lseto »a» t rissa ts the cry of "Gmanoai forever." lbs Chaaaesrs of the Tiber have defeated the Pontiftoal gendarmes, and have hois-ted the Italian fltg on the left side of theGeaeral Br-nun's column Is advancing 9which it shad, r land more certain way of dealingof Rome cout|iued, after this epoch, to] send— coffin was placed upon aa estrade, aad as soon asThe steams lip America arrived at Queenstown on the wise Louis Napoleon well knows. 30th of September, and at Liverpool on Monday, Oct.-l.was utterly nibble to even so much asreplv. In able to any friend! or partisan in-the proviijces, re- sent, all the official and military officers ana the The King held a military review to-day sAf BoTogna. less than halfTin hour two breaches were made. A commendel him to the favor of some one of the officials attached to the Court, attended the monm-The steamship Bavaria arrived at Oowea on the even- ing of the BID of September.OUT Florence Corrospondem •• FLOMKCI, Sept. *8,1880.Commerce is quite stagnant here. The receipts the Romagna.. 'JGaribaldi's Want of Di*cretion--Probabm>j na—Vialdini and Lainoricwre—The Pro-Didu-copper fragsnents. The paper currency is still tor Cattanio—DeKghtful Weather—The Vin- in circulation, and the exchange* on London ising Duke, the Prince Consort, Prince Frederic Wi- liam and many of the other mourners returned ta Coburg. where the rest of the day was passed hi entire privacy.tage—Large Yield—Cheap Fruit— Tourists— Americans in Florence, «iv ., d"e.It looks a little too much as if the, dictators atNaples wished to became the dictators of all Italy.again rising, though, indeed, this is more due to the poverty of the country-and the absence of trade than to the increase of the paper moneyleave to-morrow for Ravenna, where he i will eiabArk for ready to die,: but not to surrender." The white Ancona. 1 frl flag returned, but if O'Reilly imagined the Sar- The conditions or the capitulation at Ancona afe ant yet dinians' would give him a chance of a fight at the known at Turin. The Sardinians found 140 cannons and breaches he was much mistaken. The fire openedThe Court went into mourning on Wednesday, and the theatre at Coburg is ordered to be closed for eight days.ofPRINCS NAroutou's rmiT TO raxnih>.Bis Imperial Htghnem left Dublin on Saturday morning for Ballinsaloe. The Prince returned again to Dublia late the same evening, and immediately proceeled to Kings- ber of bouses taken. Social centres tor our couu- town, where he embarked, with his suite, on board hitbten called to Service. The-levy will termln;iite"c(c the 31st December nextTartars, Oct According to advices received here: from mander in chief of the French troops at Beyrdeclared to Pnad Pacha that he has received Paris to place htmselr at his disposal, and-to to the instructions agreed upon on the 10th stantlnople, between the Porto and the foreicommonly cal| the Marches. But the specilla- tions ot tne sa writer on the successive steps: by which the Cot) fof Rome contrived to establish a temporal sov< ignty on the ruins of the free com- munes and ;y principalities throws so much light on the q i e | oris now at issue respecting the pretensions the power o.f Rome, t.hat our readers,, we fsjllassured, will feel grateful at hav- Ing themiUkefhae brought uuder their notice.From the iriteinal evidence of the paper itself, we have yeryjiipe doubt of its beiag from the pen of the same advocate, Gennarelli, who, by his edi- torship of theldpcuments published during Signor Farini'8 admtiiis|ration of Bologna, has rendered signal services bjpth to the interests of Italian pro- gress ahd to tjUofe of historical inquiry. The alrti- cl^ treats of thairise of the Papal sovereignty in the Marches inf the following terras: —Wytaon are also in a way to be formed. SeveralAmericans, fond of the festivities which our beau-fcTM' conntrywomen so mnch adorn, have securedthe best houses. Among those that may be named,Mr..Janies Ewing Cooley, of New York, has takeula 2 S 2 ? - °* *>**** Pawl Palace which was7?ZI2rV**0f.tbe,l*te A»9Wan Ambassador. Our riSitSLfTtS«»*? Paadolfini Palace, the mostrftTfc^VuVSSS??' *?"** »nd ln i u Ravens, of all the Florentine palaces. It ia interesting ai an ancient historic house, act less than becausf itsyacht It ia supposed that the Prince has gone to Corh.HEALTH OP THE IAKL Or DERBY.The jury retired, and after about a quarter of an hour's absence again returned to court, when the foreman handed in a verdict:—"That the death of the de :tased, Thomas Murphy, wa.-, caused by a gunshot wound, inflicted on the 12th of July last, at DerrjmacaHh, by some person or persons to theThe Paris correspondent of the London Post says:— The transport and steam frigates engaged to convey the S!Ld2I?**.2LTM*COtttinent K 5 reinforcements destined tor Rome have received the order to leave Toulon for Marseilles, where the embarka-discovered at the time this house was built, it k a satisfaction to know that our consulate ia the first one established here under the new system of things, and, in fact, the only one which has yet keen opened. ____LI n t e r e e t l n g f>om T a r k e y .an coNSTAjmworLI COBSXSFONDKNCS.OOKBTAMTIKOnJC, Sept. 13, I860.Zeal and Energy of the Grand Vuier—RussianIntrigues and Distrust of the Western Powers—The Proposed JUmmmrmm* of Turkey—BowJt Is l b Be Divided—Conimeroe Stagnant andMonty Searos—Fuad Pacha's Measures mtion will take pleas.Tae London Timtt says:—A letter from Toulon of the men), utterly declined to be a party tojjnj} such ry donation ofponstantine it inventedtbe donationsT h e K e v o l a t l o n 1 s t C h i n a . NARBSTITI 09 A VIsrT TO THt TAI ttNOs. (From the loudon Timet, Oct b jof the BuMao's subjects.found abundant proof ofsian government to roue diswdersfn these pro* via MS, especially through the Greco Russian Clergy. From Prestina, ia Albania, his Highness proceeds to Bosnia, and will probably then be re-called to this capital. Notwithstanding that there is not the least occasion for it, the Russian go vers stoat has urged upon the allied Powers, in connec- tion with the late outbreak in Syria and the nomi- nation of the commission of investigation appointed to try the perpetrators of the atrocities committed there, to allow the Czars troops, as ever, to occupyto an . l o r i _possible, and the Sultan's mint is busily engaged the Sardinians Occupying Jkmte-StVje of Aneo- making copper coins from old cannon and otherk**" T t r R i | r . O s t . | , l 8 I O . Victor Emanuel will pate the night at Forti, and willThe guard of honor was formed by the battalion of the line in the service of the Duchy and by the communal guard.But as there is a constitution, a Parliament and a in the capital. Why the Porte docs not establish a King in the North, it seems an if it would be safer bank or sub-treasury, with the power of emittingto let changes of men and policy be made by the notes which would circulate throughout trtie whole regular processes. The day named for the meet- extent of the empire, is not seen. The Ottoman ing of the Legislature is now only a week ahead. Ministers think that the pecuniary difficulties ofPASIS, Oct. l-l|ealBg.The Patrv aor.ounces that further armaments have mons to surrender was made, and the same answerof Rome. It took something away from, or it addedThe Ministry, In the frankest and moat loyal manner,Austria and Russia are due to their immense paperleft O'Reilly nbl resource but obedience—whetheran answer had reached from Monsignore deIMe-rode I cannot Say, but it is so asserted and is proba-ble ordered him imperatively -to capitulate. Thistime O'Reilly Sent out the white flagbearer. The were withdrawn from circulation, and, its' far as quiry has already appeared In the' Times., Three Sardinians undertook to let the Irish march out with possible, suppressed by the court of Rome, to witnesses only were examined by Mr. John Bae sa the honors of war—an undertaking, however, if which the thought of their being collated wtith the agent for the father of the deceased, one of them made at all, n<st kept. How was this end of their later editions mutt have been extremely HUa.tree- a Mr. Handcock, a magistrate of the county Ar bloody struggll received by the Irish? With feel- able. Nor. indeed, was such a task undertaken; magh and a member of the Established Church. ings of grief aniB distraction, which one simple inci- nor, indeed, could it have been undertaken before This gentleman's opinion of the Orange institution dent illustrates curiously enough. As the Irish the present time—before fortunate and almost in- may be gathered from his examination by Mr.Is not yetunderstood withLouisNapo-ihot from the two pieces in the of AibornoE. Foreseeing what would hap- companied. A great number of handsome court ry from the citadel walls behind, carriages will arrive from Berlin in a few daysnobody deplored mors than tlts^peror It is said here that he has that by Sardtala. Under mdaunted defend r passed into tht) Quadrangle, of Fenno, at other times ta that of Cajseraino; means and ike strength to wield thethere was nrlt a man in all the little band and when be had the crotchet of exercising in real as we saw write their sovereignty haswho did not tie that he had taken his stand there earnest his repudiated jurisdiction the cities, both and ia these onbappy provinces. Itto die. Theyjt ew themselves upon the walls, far and near, took np arms, and proceeded to drive memories of horror, but, God be thanked. Usee and from the »ti red loopholes rained " the leaden him away from Hacerata. are oolv memories. Let us gratefully - - ^ * bail" withde^dl effect upon the besiegers. But In the thirteenth century it was thought by Iavleon oa the subject of Turkey. The pro- Staus.and that thus a general warwsnkt heel - - _ - jected dismemberment now spoken of hare eat The Immediate danger that was dreaded Bit thusthe Irish inside; while shouts Sen, he wished by some greaf legal On Thursday many distinguished personages ar- oenment to establish a right which, would rived at Gotha, from Coburg, to attend the faacrtlis to give the two principalities above named te Austria—Constantinople to be a port put under abut too well awful stake of outer yard wa self behind un last much 1 piece or two charge poo informant 1 fought those They askedrous intrigues entered Into with the lesituaistand even were bsyonet the red republican party, against the government of Ma- was but thesive of Lesseps and his wonderful canal; but such is really the case. Indeed, any one who has ob served the foreign policy of Great Britain will readily see that she will "go her death" on the point of keeping Egypt from France, and this thet e i g e r s a n e i with the cit effort atand in an he tfllery, plant distance atall present had taken their placet, the chief f o r escalade. They drew off. bot, as we have stated. obedience was everywhere court preacher delivered a funeral oration. Afterof the Custom House are being very insignificant,and it is not seen how the Porte can continue tosupport itaeii. It pays its city troops as fast asGnat irritation prevails at Rome.TROSTI, Sspt.The reason assigned for the order to e: lights on the Venetian coast Is that Garibaldi cretly entered the lagoons at night in order toO'Reilly made* his answer in the midst of his men, and amid shants. that one would have thought proclaimed a Victory, not the desperate resolve of men rejectinglStheir sole chance of life. "Return," said O'Reilly, i'and tell your commander that we are Irishmen, find that we hold this citadel for <lod and the Pope. •The LrWi who serve the Pope areCourt of Rometwas always aiming at the extensionand confirmation of what it put forward as itsrights, although those rights could not be exercisedin consequence of the unanimous aversion of thepeople. It accordingly had printed, in 1472, atJesi, the " Constitutiones yftgidianae;" it causedthem to be reprinted again at Perugia in 1483.These two editions are almost unknown to histo-rians, so that it is doubtful if more than four or fivecopies have been preserved, which are now buriedin so many different libraries. Subsequently, untiltbs time of Cardinal di Carpi, at least fourteen edi-tions were published, all of them, including the firsttwo. In the possession of the writer of this article.But in treating of this thing,' few perhaps are ac- at the Lion Hotel, in the town. quainted with the tricks employed by the Courtsomething to, each successive edition of the code, Urnvgelsm ln Ireland—Protestsvmt Opin- ions.credible events had combined to put a siaglje man in possession of all the documents that ought to be examined—and unless this man had possessed the patience to enter into such an examination.wish to present to the accredited representatives of currency, and ende&vor not to fall into the samethe country their account of the condition of affairs snare. Russia is quite bankrupt, and her best the kingdom of Naples.and of the course of conduct which has been pur- troops have not been paid for maty months. MANIFESTO BY MAZZINt.A manifesto by Ma/zinl. headed, "Neitheraaed, and which it is their intention to follow, to Fuad Pacha continues his energetic measures in tates nor Kebets," has been issued. The ff)i be confirmed or condemned, according to the wis- Syria with much success. His. conduct has in- are the concluding paasagesv-We claim the liberty of saying, not that a the best form of government, but that we, of Italians, ought to be masters of our own that wo can be so if ww all wish it; that our there on tne point of oar bayonets and ia the tti tion of our toult; that it is not in the c*ot France and Ohaaoerien. To mate it dependent whim of Louis Napoleon or any other man la to it, to risk losing it again, aad to declare ours worthy of it. «We claim the liberty of saying that, bet weed gramme of Cavour and that of Garibaldi we hitter; but without Rome and Venice there le that, escopting the war of 1850, provoked by and maintained, at the price of Nice and Save;attacking Rome, with its French garrison—the ad- Borne political ones are elsewhere, much of which ek>n of the Roman provinces, provoked by us, r>_spired a wholesome dread of him throughout all the Southern provinces of the Sultan. It Is saidthat he has recommended the reniewal of the oldEastern Institution of the Bastinado, and believes at the moment when that policy was in pro- that its abolition by the Sultan has done muchdom of the Parliament. It ia the opinion of most people that the Ministry will be sustained. No in- consistency would be greater than that ot dismiss-Rae:—Mr. Handcock was then sworn. He said—I amfug a Minister, or pronouncing against his policy,companies were drawn up inside, and the Sardi-nians filing in according to terms of capitulation,one of our countrymen, utterly unable to brookthe sight, seized a large jar, bottle or other vesselof some sort which chanced to be lying by, andwith one blow nil but brained one of tne Sardi- to meddle in tthe affairs of the province; The this district.1cess of triumphant execution. Other means willdoubtless be used to reconcile Garibaldi.While the talk at Naples is of marching straight on—first to fight and drive out the still resolute King from his last stronghold of Gaeta, and thenharm among a people whose violence is in the ratio of the power given them to govern them- selves. It might do good in more countries than this, where pertnrbera of the public 'peace are more numerous than patriots, and summary justice effects much good.Meanwhile tne Court of Rome tried every means nians. It was Ithe work of a moment, when the following is an example:—As the citizens ofa native of the county Antrim; I have been a long time resident in the county Armagh, and have been twenty-two years acting as a magistrate iaReligious differences are the bane and blight ofthis country, and are even more disastrous than arms ol the Emperor of the French; exceptingcould be partly calmed? by the use of the bastinado sity which we created, no Initiative or Italian e to the feet of the leaders "of the people when law tion belongs to the programme of Oavour;; thatthe objects or iheir mission, and were, moreover^vance of Kin? Victor Emanuel's army from thesouth, towards the Holy City, is much more rapid.It would not be the moat extraordinary thing whichhas happened, or may happen, if the French soldiersshould receive an order to retire from Rome ,as thetroops of Piedmont approach the city, so well pre-pared are they to have transferred to their handsthe duty of taking care of the Holy Father. Byvarious signs which we witness, the conclusion isnaturally enough come to that such is the inten-tion. If France will allow Piedmont to marchupon and occupy every other town except Rome andCivita Veechia, no reason in the world can be con- criminal cases, renders it highly necessary that the ssporeashd dominating patriotic ideacitizens. But even in this charter, if we except the mere forms of language, the real sovereignty remains vestcj In the people tkemsehies-j anil Rome only assa mes the semblance of the right inVenice will remain slaves ot the stranger if the tion and war of the volunteers does not restore freedom.to Italy, where he died at Florence. His long ex- with Rome, which is its centre and heart,perience in theafl'airs of the government in the De- the immediate annexation of the cooqoei 'partment of State, rendered him peculiarly fitted vinces that have acquired liberty, by placing tn<for the now important post of Consul General the programme of Cavour, and taking them a here. The number of American citizens here an- Garibaldi, stops the movement, takes away thenually increases, and the jurisdiction possessed by of the country from the bands of him who wis! ploy them wt-il, to place them In the hands of a afollowing private letter:— |jcannot reach them.We have heard with much pain the death of Mr.ROOT, Sept. 19, I860. Many crimes pf the blackest hue have oeen per-Johnston, lately appointed Consult General for theUnited States at this capital. It is said that he leftthe United States in ill health, and after reaching country will net be formed by annexing this i'province to PiedmoQt. but by amalgamating Malta with his family was compelled to proceed iujrt and all the provinces of Italy, andtroops, without the shadow of a pretext, and with- forward, and fin employing phrases capable of out any declaration of hostilities, have invaded, being twisted Mi the course of time as authorities like robbers and banditti, the Pope's States, and and precedent* for her aucient sovereignty.. ThisDo you think, in point of fact, that if it be in- tended to put a stop to the recurrence of suck out- rages as those which were lately the subject of ia vestigation, it should be done by voluntary consent or legislative enactment* I think so.So far aa regards the Riband Society, have yen bad occasion to suspect that it exists in the county Armagh? Not in this portion of it. I have never heard of itSo far as you know, the Catholics have no asso- ciation, either for aggression or defence? No, net in this neighborhood.Do you consider there is any pretext for saying that Orange associations are requisite for self-de- fence? Certainly not.Do you believe that the magistracy and the po- lice force are generally adeqate for the protection of all her Majesty's subjects in this dUtri:t? 1 think so.I suppose but for Orange associatiens they would have very little to do? A great deal less todo.The Coroner, himself an ex-member of the Orange brotherhood, was hsrdly less emphatis (the Consulate General over them, in all civil and wishes to condemn them to Inaction, aad for aof law, steady and correct in his conduct and cour- that we work tor a republic, when for two years nr<teous to his fellow countrymen. By all means he cover spoken of a republic. Do not obstinately So shouldbeanativeAmericancitizen, fortheworst without*,readingus.Donotrepeat,blindservant! consequences ensue from the appointment of for- ministerial Gauetu, a;hrmations a hundred timepdeigners, or even naturalized citizens, possessing by facts. Do not excite against us, by perfljio'js' hoods,'the passions of a people who owe to as inmore interest in the filling of their pockets than in measure what they feel aad what they hare achio the welfare and standing of the government of unity. Fa'aehood is the bate weapon of Vile cowscandalous cormuct offended the whole citir. Six- tus IV. refusedSto comply with the request.; There- upon-the bishop was thrown out of a window andarmy that was stacking Pesaro too strong, he dragged along the street by the infuriated people,the United States.There is a strange tale in circulation here re-specting the British Ambassador, Sir Henry Bui-wer, which his friends are indisposed to believe. of Italy, has been numerously signed at Naph It is said that he has become embroiled in the at- Sire—You are our King We have all elected 70U tempt to dethrone the present Sultan, Abd-ul-Me- secret met tings: we hive saluted yon ta our |jid, in favor of lus brother, Abd-nl-Azziz, and that the Sultan had asked his recall by the Queen. The well known policy of the British government to sustain Turkey, under any Sultan, renders sucli a course on the part of its Ambassador perfectly useless, and if it really proves to be the case, it will certainly also turn out to be a personal indis- cretion of Sir Henry Buiwer, like that committed by him in Spain, for which its sovereign demanded his recall.places; we have proclaimed you by rlsiag ln afithe Dictator Giuseppe Garibaldi, whose loyaltyto his courage, and hit courage to hit fort unitNaples with the words "Victor Emanuel >ardeecendanti are your Kings and the IvlnjItaly." bire, why should we be the last". 0Italians to receive and welcome you . itbosom of our country? Why should we boltifc lastto enjoy the bent-tits of s government In w'biih all the lrish.'Who niught with their usual bravery. the principles of liberty, order, progress andiStjnUitystitution. In charging the jury Mr. Atkinson ob- served:—As far as your verdict is concerned, my duty will be very simple; but, besides that, you are asked to agree to a resolution on the' words ex- pressed by me last Wednesday from this place re-spectinr the Orange Society. I am not going to vary f in the least degree what I then expressed. I believe we should be much better without that society, and, while 1 differ much from what were stated as the reasons for its being abolished, I entertain very strongly the opinion that Christianity has suffered more from that society being connected with the I Protestant religion than from any other cause. I know from personal experience in connection with a Bible Clato and % Temperance Society that both these causes do suffer from the Orange Society; and your personal experience leads you to know that disputes, ill-will, and various other unpleasant matters which we would gladly avoid, have sprung from time to time out of party processions, and by the exhibition of drums and flag.-., and other things, which, instead of promoting peace and good-will— the example of which the professors of a religion of peace and good-will should shew—have haddirectly the contrary effect.•Thej'ury then retired, and after an absence often minutes returned to court, when the followingbrief discussion took place:— ii*compliance or the stipulated conditions, the con-tract loses all its force. And it might even be the jury to ask the Coroner if it was bis wish taOne ofPacha—aEgypt—has lately died here, very suddenly, by, it to the kingdom. We wish to see those vetef is supposed, a stroke of apoplexy. He was heir to fended you and Italy at Palest ro and San Martli the Viceroyalty of Egypt, and a rival of the nlzlng with those bravo youths who, landing present Viceroy, Said Pacha. He was extremely few ia number, bot aided by the population,Major O'Reilly and some of the IrUh threw them,the Sultan's grandson ofsons-in-law, Mehemet AliEl Hami Pacha, ofselves into the citadel and smt a message to Romethat they: w,ouM blow up the fortress rather than supply in^onteftiible proofs of this fact ;;The ar-rich, and possessed large estates in Egypt. He spoke English very fluently, having had an English nurse to attend him when a child. The Sultan has three other daughters, married, all to persons of rank, whose male children, by court rule, are not permitted to live, and so increase the number of aspirants to the throne.The railroad between the little town of Kus- tenji, on the Black Sea, and the Danube, has at last been finished, and commenced operations. This is designed for the purpose of carrying goods and passengers during the season of ice, when the Danube is frozen. The railroad from Smyrna to Aden will not be finished for some three years.England.ELECTION OT LORD MAYOR OP LONDON.On Saturday , Sept. 39, Mr. William CUbit, M. P., Alder- men andfishmonger,was elected Lord Mayor of London for the ensuing year.SCOTCH CHTTBCH IN FABIS.The British Consular church tn Paris, in connection withthe established church in Scotland, was opened on Sunday last This is the first instance ln Europe ln which the es- tablished church of Scotland has availed herself of the important privileges conferred on her, in common with the Church of England, by the Consular act.THS HARVEST IH IML4ND.The weather continues fine sad seasonable, and shouldIt endure a little longer all the crops in well circum stasced districts will be quite safeUvered the most faithful aad not the least fair vtnoes forming your klnglom, it order tl guided by your wisdom, may march hence; strength of your arm. the skill of your gee, boldness and genius SfTJertbaldl, to overthrow maming enemies of Italy, and complete the redemption.»Awstrin.VonnrA, SeptTo day the memberajof the Council were the Emperor infinalaudience.jecta. I confidently expect that my resolution your views will, when promulgated, meet concurrence, and that my good intentions will fully aeknowltdged I also expect that the ti of popular institutions will obtain your one; port.VIBSSA, Sept. The Emperor has sent by Megraph to Qa< and Prince Albert bit sincere expressioni ofsurrender it to.tlje Sardinians. Monsignore Merode, however,, seeing that the garrison could not hold out for a long tifie, sent the most positive orders to Major O'Reilly 1p surrender, and he and his com- pany werie thus made prisoners. Mrs. O'Reilly was with the Major, in the fortress.Terni ahd Nanui have also been occupied by ths Sardinians. J- The Pope's wigiment, called the Guides, that oc- cupied Terni, has returned to Rome; but it is now said that all thej;'Pope's troops, according as they return to Rome; will be disarmed by the French. 80 yon sea the comedy is coming to an end, and the Emperorjls aboht to throw off the mask. Probably, in imitation oil his uncle, he will usurp the sove- reignty of this Ifty. or proclaim his son King of"jthe Romans. The unfortunate man ought to remem- ber Elba and Sti Helena.We have no account whatever of General Lamo- riciere, but it U.feared that, overwhelmed by num- bers, he will not be able to achieve any exploit worthy of his Jbrmer fame. Rome is now full of hideous looking jfellows, and many of the assassins of 1848 are blginuing to appear. May God pro- tect us. iThe Papsl S^veretgntjr Over the 1*1arches* I |Frot»ithe London Morning Post]We had occasion, three days ago, to reproduce in our columnsjln extremely able paper which ap-chives of fill thttjeommunes attest the same]The firs,t true and real conquests were made byAlexander the Sixth's son, Caesar Borgia, by thesuccess of his arms and by the massacre of theprincipal.families then ruling in their cities andin their castles. After that epoch conqneats'fol-lowed. upon conquests; various revolutions wererepressed; several cities recognized the sovereign-ty of the HolyfSee, but according to the conditionsof the bilateral treaties—treaties that limited to alofty and beneficent dominion the royal rights.The Conventicj is preserved in the archives-and inthe histories if those communes, and the decreesof the court of Rome, in express and flagrant vio-lation of all the pacts agreed to when consideredin cdnnectionlcompletely invalidate all the! rightsacquired by ufe Holy See; for it i* an elementaryprinciple of aw and justice tbft, with the non-The London Tim"* ia rejoiced to hoar that it Is stated, tatlveeany. tfrevionl training, viewing themsrlyes asgreater than ihe laws, anfi shamelessly trasnOlingonall justne aim humanity—prelates, who, tepeivingtheir 'inspirations, directly from the carqiiiaLs, in-flicted on thejr provinces double evils of ulsiovern-ment. Then l a m e the bishops, who with their civiland criminal iourts, and with their prisons.consti-tuted a second government, wholly independent ofthe civil one.| And as if these were notj enough,the tribunal^ of the Inquisition formed, in theirturn,a third government, dependent on an ignorantand fanaticallmonk, and not compelled to give any Mr. Rae—Very wch\ gentlemen, it will be foron the authority of tie medical attendants of the Earl of Derby, that hit lordship hat passed through the dan- gerous stage of the attack by which he wan assailed, and that he Is progressing rapidly towards recovery.These instructions state that the European of Inquiry could not claim any legitimate o powers, the tame being exclusively retervi inordinary Commissioner or the Sultan.NANA SAHIB.Hurkarn says that the Nana hasjnrv unknown." They also appended to their ver diet the following:-"The jury are of opinion that the'peace of the countrv would be much promoted bv tiie discontinuance of party displays of everyThe Bengal upagiin. fieIa the year ending the 30th of Jons last, the Great Northern Company paid no less a sum than £36,312is Mil alive, but out of reach. THE CO** OP BAILWAY ACCIDENTS.[From the correspondence of the Dublin M91There cannot have been much more tbJiaii'OO or 800 men, if so many, in Spoleto, while tile fittack-Syria—Proposed Revival of the Bastinado— hdaatry, tne ^ ^ ^ ^ . T ^ ^ f * or two afterwards they were called upon toDeath of Mr, Johnston, United Stats* Consul The Sarllnlan government has been talk— the foe. The Sardinians poured in throughthe chief streets, attempting at first notl Buitcer—His RecaU Demanded—Death of Sis which U is naturallv mbesiSZFZ£ZJ2?^'% cannonade, and evidently confident Of caiGeneral—Grave Charges Against Sir Henry enend h^ac^^'nAr1 M'£tl£'n„*uUu>mm«"hl» wHighnessMBamiPacha—His RankandAc- onlyappertainstothegreatPowersaaimbud,J°V giess to pronounce oaoe for all on theqnei i faU place against such a mere handful of m<strong attack on the Imperialist forces at Tanyaag,The Grand Vizer, Mehomet Kibrisli Pacha, still government of the Emperor, ln conformity with taemtaL sion which it has imposed oa Itself, will continue to amcootie iiff his visit to the northern provinces of the •noire and is dnintr mnch o-nnd b* hi* zeal andUntitled DocumentloomedH e r o i cC o n d u c t o f t h e P o p e ' s gavde a t S p o l e t o .reply-also stated that Is order t» afford an tectlon to the Holy See, the French array States would be Increased K M M men. w would be to make the patrimony of St. Peter thai "patrimony," properly so called, oosaprt Utioo of 480,000 tools, sad iBfiladtaf Rome, chiaand Tltsrbo. *•Marabju Vaillant, the defender of Rome in II case or need, assume .the command in chief - ' of occupation, should the patrimony of st. threatened by Garibaldi or lledm a t .P ARIS, Oct. M. Tbooveeei tendered has resignation to thewhile at AJaccio, laaistinc that a more effloael tioa should be granted to the Pope. Since of the Emperor aad the" reply given to de Cadote, M. Thouveoel has withdrawn hitThe London Rmts Parts correspond sat saysToe pints treated la the commercial world vesioo of the Papal States has is somesidsd, now that It unseen that the Austrian looked quietl> on while the Papal army Itrasi It was feared that Austria would have defendedLnocent VI. that the time had at length arrived te- the hand of aa avenging Providence."disappeared, as French tradesmen have been obliged ror tome moatbt past to live from day so day;ths> will go on la the old way until seme sew cause of sJtont shall arise. In the meantime oomatsrstal transacFioos arehonor of Ireland was on theday. It was midday, and the „ unearned, and the citadel it- bed; but all this was not fated tosovereignty in faVor of the Court of Rome. Heframed a code for the whole of that province, andhaving summoned a great popular Parliament intha. and amongst those present were the reigniaa Duke, the Prince Coasort of England, Prinee Fre- deric William of Prussia, the Dukes Alexander and Krnest of Wurtemberg, Prinee Philip of Wmrtetn-towns.i' |lJ 4 ' | »pilation of laws, from the name of its author— President, and the Chief Ranger of the Forests. masse through the gate. My Kgidio Albornor—is known to the learned under ran Ziegefa r.the title "Constitutiones iEgidisna:." The funeral took place at seven o'clock in the But in this circumstance we are struck By a fact morning. As the procession moved towards theItaiw.that of the heroic Irishmen who inside not one man escaped, barter and they received none: the carriages of the pieces: theyThe poftft^oTIeasoiietore has fallen tote the hands ofGeneral Pantl. It contains letters oT the most; o*mpro- they fought 1church from the apartments in the east wing of this code was imposed by the Papal Legate on the the palace lately occupied by the deceased, the at their posts. This, however, Picene province, all the cities, all the communes, bells of the church announced that the funeral yard, and the heavy price at drew up their own charters, and treated the laws ceremony had commenced. The church, which carried suggested to the be- of Cardinal Alliornoz as a dead letter. Tlje 'Court adjoins the palace, was Boon reached, whoa theThe Neapolitan population of the frontiers are implor- ing the protect ioa of Emanael. I JFn the small hills outside, at a ich the old metal in the fortressBesides those already mentioned as being pre-His Majesty will leave to morrowtor the other pArto ofmessage was tent by the Piedmontese commander,offering them Rhe honors of war if they surrendered. communes. However, whilst the facts were so, thefol ceremony.At the conclusion of the proceedings tie reign-730,0001. In the fortress. Vja. ' Letters from Naples to the S7th ult. state that the »cw ministry formed by Garibaldi comprises; Signdrl $nnco,Gulra an i Perrioni $f] The deputation from Sicily has arrived* at Turin, ionce more, amLnow it became plain that the plan about to;be adopted was to bury the place in ruins by their long range guns, while the Irish could do nothing but look helplessly on, their pieces being of nothing like the same calibre. A second sum-Ho numerous is the suite in attendance epos her Majesty that accommodation cannot be found for all "in the Coburg palace, and many are quarteredWe claim the liberty of saying that a free an| ifpetrated since % wrote last. The conduct of the'Sardinian government has been most atrocious. The proposing this pacific mediation, in putting lierself sociation were dissolved? I do. ^Belief without Investigation is the wont of Idiots.occupied by the Sardinian troops, lie charged themwhich you represent, are the rule and guarantee iir the political direction of the State? Sire—Come We yeapo lilacs are anxJous that you should come to Naples secrete Italian unity, and restore peace andSpoleto—that isl the town—was easily taken by the Sardinians, 1,;1I have heard with satisfaction the repeated eSpM of your love for our country and of youi loyalty IThe Emperor addressed them at follows:—upon the demise of the mother of Prince Aloe: VnomA, Octther they would or tion on the subjectwould not agree to any i s o l a -I860. Numerous arrests have taken place in HuntIJryof ac-Mr. Rae—I only put it to the common sense aad discretion of the jury.The Coroner—I only left i% to your discretion sa to whether such a resolution might or might not be for the public benefit The recommendation, if any, will not be on your oaths at all, it will BeMr. Rae—You may act on your own knowledge of the country; it is to that 1 am appealing, and if you think I have stated what is correct, agree with me.count of the dissemination of revolutionaryipreolama tiOBB. tL Tits*pr|vinces J but more particularly and for these of ti{ BMarches.especiallyunder the head of compensation tor accidents and loom. ing force was at least 15,000 or JQ,000|anj n. A . The Court QIRome, which has always endeavor-kind."her Majesty's novernliieut to take the requisite measures to carry th;tt recommendation into effect They know very weli how to do it, i* taef are inclined.2 7 t h u l t a n n o u n c e s t h e f o r m a t i o n o f a s e w n a v a l d i v i - p r o c e e d i n g , a n d d e c l a r e d t h a t t h e m a n . w, h i sion and the despatch of fresh troops to Rome. Rear Ad- take upon himself to even announce sncWk miral Parts la to return to France. Be will take com-*»»* of ths screw thlps of the lias Eylau and fonteaay, his men would ran the peril of his fife. }|hi and the steam frigate Fondre. His division is to be eta- cil, I can gather, was violently distractefj»»jedatTbulon,to be ready for any event which may point of capitulation or no capitnlarai -*••; **!***» of 7,000 men la to leave T>ulon at once ultimately an express was sent § • gja^.tijasMsA aad tt is considered probable tin! an- Rome, to the Minister of War, airetti was ftis&op of Fermo, that city witnessed theterrible sneoiacle of torture applied to the mouthand tongue fof two unhappy creatures I guilty offrreverentftsjaguage in their cups—the torture of rative by the Rev. Joseph Edkins will be read with MordacehlaIpubucly Inflicted in the [presence interest." Mr. Edkins is by far the most learned and of the whole people; and how, still later, in 1^53, intelligent of oar missionaries in China, but even four young p itriots were led ont to death for crimes he cannot quite govern his desire to see a nascent of whichJhty'were wholly innocent, their inno- Christianity in the blasphemous pretensions put cence beii^g acknowledged both at that;time andstTWoa wm thoruy follow.B"ra»ce.that it was resolved to defendas best they could, and, that come wL the Irish companies were resolved to aol<PARS, Sept SO, I860. del till the courier returned, or blow itforward by these rebels:—The approach of the Chinese insurgents to theThe gssasier h a T S t f i ? W t o w t a « -the corps oTiocupniiS atnSS? immed'**eIJr relarorclngments. In the morning the Irish at damass, and I believe every individualthem approached Holy Communion. Ti_ _ -now by alftae world—an execution whieh spreadhorror ov|ss| the province, and, indeed^ojver theRoman SsafBfl; how, in Sinigaglia, the Colonel ofthe National Guard, Simoncelli, was killed thoughcompletely Innocent; how, in Fobriauo. otherthree spoth'iss victims suffered punishment on thescaffold, amidst the universal sympathy and indig-nation <of ttiiir countrymen, only for having loved straits in Nankin early in this year, tbey made a their eountiiv The description of their qeath, theTV" >-"— wNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDH?, OOTQB^JgJgSO.-TglPLE SHBaTtern ordcrod at the Austrian ports In the Adriatic^ returned. By firec o'clock there were five breaches The same paper says :-+tt is said that Kmanuej; after effected; in fa*i, the walls were in ruins. At this having visitea Ancona, Will proceed towards the -Niavoli • juncture the 1'apul delegate, with authority thatin order that the rights of the Holy See mightbe more fully established, and in order that titlesmight be increased, to legitime'£, in some degree,the future usurpations which they tore shadowed.In this fact we have the historical explafaajtion ofthe extreme scarcity of the first two editions. Taey Lurgan on the 12th of July. The result of the in-tan frontier. ! . j f Tte ray* publishes the same newt,and adisSMIt is also sala toat three Hardinian divisions are about id enterIFromthe LondonTimes,Oct.3)The papers of this morning report at considera- ble length the proceedings at the adjourned in- quest on the body of Thomas Murphy, one of the men who fell in the conflict with the Orangemen atcouncil was held, and, of course, mitantaaeqis sur- ed to create^iSMits and put forward claims for the render was proposed by some as the m o * rfiilitaey purpore pf pitting them in force as soon a^ the course in the face of such odds. O'Reill* alj leasit, propitoujiraotfrahtshould arrive, acted in the same for the Irish in the garrison (two comp4 jios, 260 way with the Marches of Ancona. After the imagina-bayonet'spoint Theyreckoned:raalexposition IJf their innocence is registered In the "Document! sullaCortediRoma," pubfis^ed bya lace which lies on the Shanghae side *of the ancient capital, and has beenthose old walli proved miserable defences, and the '"conquer all thje ^calcitrant, ^ j ^ t h this aim heenemy, after a |rief but deadly sToggle of the despatched iwtM Avignon into Italy Carding Egi- ktod.soon!, wtflh ties that rent the air, dashed at dio Albornos. Atone a politician and a warrior,*rtrsanat orVictoria 1stff te- the old gate. '* rash, a roar, and a petard blows making use of every artince, hiring mercenaries,it into fragme; Than the straggle commenced forming alliances, creating rivalries between diffe-.indeed. In ] ed the besiegers into the outer rent political factions and between ruling- booses, • S i r w K S i u J f " * 1 * " * Coo** Alexanderfrefused to them, and the government remained in the hands of the communes, with all the rights of sovereignty. Down to the time of Pope jbiiocent VIII.,,the ropes,iwhen they wished to be service-this a hymn wss sung, when the officiating mi- nister pronounced the blessing, and the coffin was placed in the vault prepared for its reception.uld mention dots not appear to Bowing broadcast titles and excommunications, Al- MetiBdorff-PouUlyhas arrived at Coburg, chargedyard, whichbelong to thereception metloaded withcommandingPiedmontesethe gateway ' an a murderous fare was opened, things. As the apostolic authority which he wish- testy and the Prince Regent otHprnstia, sjulTunie-el proper. However, a bloody bornoz succeeded in subduing cities, in destroying S t ? L E i ? . P r e I ^ « . V ' ? i a to congrstnlafe hsTSa:em there. The Irish had two gins, planted inside in a position entrance, and no sooner was the olumu seen through the smoke offamilies, fn planting, now in one district and now in another, the standard of the Holy Seel and in obtaining oaths of allegiance. 'But it was not in his power to subdue and vanquish the nature ofjesSy on her srtval ta Gtaaaaayrand on her near approach to the Austrian onBunlona?again, again the besiegers dashed te; agatn, again, an* again a per-sickle/throughfeet hail ofyard, and mtmet them ftthat would st many a heart at home in Ireland,plainly told tat the brave fellows felt bat remain in force as a new title . of of the late Dowager Duchess of Baxe-Coburg-Oa-impetuous Cell and one of his companions, whomade a stroke In his defence, fell before a platoon, into hostile factions, the Pope at once sent, as riddled wjith bullete. The rest is soon told. O'Reilly pacificators, a Dominican monk and a prelate] Mon-and all prisoners were marched off next day to signore Niccolp'Buonaparte. And they|effectedIs it a fact that breaches of the peace arising from party feeling are more common in July man at any other period of the year? I should-say so.Except esses arising from extreme poverty, does not the greater portion or the crime of the country spring from party feeling? A very large amount of i tDo you believe it is created to a very great ex- tent and kept up by the Orange Association' I d a . Do you consider it would tend to the future peace of the province of Ulster if that Orange As-Allessatadria. ,jxThe Dublin Morning News also publishes the th? authors of ieharter which wa« adopted by thehappened in 14|9, and the Buonoparte in question Perugia- was 'attacked by two columns—onewf was a member | f the very family which now rules20,000, the other of 25,000 Sardinians. The garri- in France; so tj at the earliest legislator known to son made an heroic resistance, but was over- have belonged l o the Buonaparte family achievedpowered by brate force. General Schmidt was his task in the arches of Ancona. j wounded and made prisoner. A company of the These Papaf arts* were at first unsuccessful Irish brigade shared the fate of the general, and The people id no attention to them; sthe two -officers! who commanded, Blackneyand little1, indeed.! that we positively are aware Luther,!have been carried, it is reported, to Pied-. howtrfl4S4 the communes were not merely in pos- mont. : 'I } session of theirf own simple or mixed government,TheoelimnofjthePope'sarmy commanded b_ but that, even] in spiritual matters, they did notColonel de Cartes has covered itself with glory. *It acknowledge tae unjust laws of the Roman curia.numbered about 1,000 men—Italians, Belgians and In fact, in thativery year the public Parliament of I, one company of ijhe Irish from Ancona. The colo- Fermo intimatajd to Sixtus IV. the prop: ietjy Of re-nel set out to relieve Pesaro. Finding Possombrone moving BishopiCapranica from his see, becnuse hisat the point of the bayonet, and drove them like a The following address to Victor Emanuel ,j£iog flock of geese before him. Finding the SardinianADDRESS OP THE NEAPOLITANS TO VICTORThe military classes of 1840, 1589. 1838, r)3l_l«36, peared originally In the Nazione, of Florence, on comprising young men of the ate ot sixteen y arsT have the presejnt st ,^0 of that portion of Central ItalyIt Would hive been some compensation ;had itendeavored to make its rule acceptable, or eventolerable,, by its kindness. But the worst, of all merely an expression of opinion. systems' of laws became more unbearable stillthrough the jftrsonal conduct and bearing iof thegovernors, 'fhere was first the civil goveitopientofthe prelates;! for the most part very young, pro-foundly ignoiitnt of administrative duties;- withoutseized on peverat towns and fortresses.made a most sterly retreat, cutting his. way through a body • 6,000 Piedmontese that thought to intercept him, bringing back to Ancona in safety both men and at illery.without the Court of Rome ever venturingp takevengeance against a commune possessing,!like allthe others of t|ie province, rights and sovereignty. than Mr. Handcock in his condemation of the i s - 'At Perugia the e was very severe fighting beforeThe Court of Bome had neither the rightjnor the power to do so. |The minutes pf the proceedings, the speeches de- livere(3 by all |the orators, the resolution-4 of thepletely eicludl every idea of sovereignty under supreme authority in"the Holy See.The same thing holds good of the other Decrees of other icities and the acts of the Council, pre- served a^ Guebio in eighty parchment volumes,it surrendered, d one of the grandsons of thecelebrated De Mflistres was either killed or wound-ed. |i,• .We have had Jfe yet no details of the losses of Parliament, are still in existence, and they com-and tq.tlat enstili it causes its titles to domination, to ascerd} anil, as if these were not enough, it created ipontkneons offers and surrenders ofjpower on the [>art <it'*the pagple preceeding the dona- tions aforesaid, donations which would not even have been nejlfessary had the other titles possessed any foundation in fact Meanwhile the* people ofttle differeijt provinces, knowing nothing wjiat1 ever of the sttjrrenders of power which they were alleged bo have made, and profoundly ignorant that they were, orfioiald be, made the subjects of a dona- tion, kept put suing their own course and governing themselves it; a popular fashion without recog- nizing a primacy of any kind whatever in any quarter.! As] egards the"Marches of Ancona, when the Court of ] fame had set its heart on obtainingtiossessidnofpttem,itbeganbyfrequentlysending n the thjrtee|i| century a Preside, with authorityregarded in taW^ame light with a bishop in parti- the advocate Gennarelli, and, in his bookj whichWe have so little authenticated information con- cerning the Chinese rebels, that the following nar-which historians hsve left unobserved. WhilstAmandola. in the province of Ascoli, wer* dividedaffirmed that.fas the origin of the sovereignty was marked by a j efective title, the restoration ito the Holy See of id L Roman provinces was alsoinull and void, because] the monarchy was illegitimate; nor can any dipjojaacy legitima'e what is illegitimate, or confer vali lity on a contract naturally vitiated. All those riglj a and titles, therefore, which lead m to regard asoj ereignty as possessing a legal founda- tion ate want! ng in the Papal government )for allhave any resolaion appended to their verdict, as some of the jury were under the impression that the Coroner iosa-ucted them that they should give ex- pression to their opini in as to the Orange Society.The Coroner sail he hid not given any instruc- tion. He left it altogether with themselves whe-. The foreman said he was requested bv the rest 0 for aaxa 00- charge the duties resulting from Its sympathies with the HilyFatherandfromthepresenceofoarflaginthe©apt- citadeltomakethelaststandforliffior dfabus, because M | authority was recognized or re- spected Iby fwbody: aed when he was refused hospitality in* the crest cities hi-was ohliireil torh-vi- Kn)nh ,- Av,D\Vagainst 10,000 or 12.000 men: and, at last, pressed on every point. O'Reilly threw himselflirtto the13069is entitled 'HI Lutti Dells, Stato Romano,'-* tlie facts therein narrated would cause the wry^stjnes tooccupied wit!Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New Yorkthe two < omm uid''r>. !.JHiic and Ilo ( bun. v »r< :it v <>: u:ttf-^forthe rebel-,www.fultonhistory.comvppn. •i1 larfr*- armv b\ the imperial p^ne rain inr a ousidcrable time past. Fwrtuaate'vjfor 