 •alities of a personally complimentary and politically mony which St. Peter died without ever suspectingThelandingplacewasatCastleGarden,thespotwhere sentenceofdeaththanthiswickedoldman. Themur- teringintoaCongressonItalianalfairs.!»cpen,notonlytocavils,huttoserious misgiv-must beprotested againstasaviolation ofthe_absurd,asatfirstglanceitmightseem.to.athin,towmdtheyoungvisitor,asmadeth«wholedemons- tration, perhapp, one of the most remarkable of itbythecordialpeoplewhohadwaitedforhiscomingso ong and quietly.'jJaint againat Garibaldi's government, both in SicilyandatNaples,wasalwayshisdelayincompleting destiniesandreopeningtheeraof-revolutions.the annexation. Bat while in the south the enthu- For the present, the Austrian Constitution will have!treaty, would have excited general distrust. Hence adequate idea of this most memorable event. \ I have empires as England and America 1 If the West ia the French journals, has recaled its Embassador from•much-vaunted,"regenerated"Prussia,itwillbe quence. •''••". . crossedtheMincio,andthathehadnotsucceeded equalinslltheminutetechnicalitiesofdiscipline cel,was.tiedlound with a dirty aproJ.Btring.I cry you patience for reiterating; that NapoleoD's in obtaining a satisfactorily* clear anBwcr. Where- to our very best regiments. I must own, how- There was an enclosure bouod with waxed cord. The necessary to. recur to the changes that have lately upon, the unauthorized hand-organs of officious ever, I carnot share in.the feeling here which property consisted of spoons and other art! ues, to- taken place in the organization of the Prussian interest* for the present is Luropeau peace. awardssll praise to the 7th,and.I cannot pay the getherwith a check for £10,drawn byafirmwho army. Youwill remember that the Prussian I have never visited his heart, and soam journalismdeclaredwiththeirsolemnestcriesthat militiaofNew-Yorkahighercomplimentthantosay weretenantsofMrs.Emeley,andpaidbythe-atoherChamber of Deputies,' while lacking on the 'one not in condition -to deny that he is the they bad no reason to believe that M. Hubner came that, to my unprejudiced eyes, there were several on the very dav she was murdered. Whoever, then sidethecouragetoaffrontpublicopinionbyan wickedestoflivingmen,asRobespierrewasoneof toParisforanysuchathing. Hereuponpretty otherregimentstherealmost,ifnotquite,asgoodas possessedthischeck,andputitiatotheparcel,maybe'A?<a.-,*>* ^". *... »%..mf>..I,,-.*-;.-,-..., ;v';£»&;••£'.Imtw:^v?.;:^'i••#$^^^^M0^^ I m i%''M5*% « fiiltl gg ptN tM - H H1 i«t«f.AV»Wr»*0*j>V ^**I M Pr.^f-.h.-'l *, A,"»*i ,'(AyiVf^n**?1**^***!t .»••!»<.> ;•»««*»«»**T * ^ ... ''ITS •«B?V W 'IBIBtween 40.0001 tigliaax.d 1^-vi A Vienna le1theAustfiana 280 000 men, a the Generals u their c<tuisaiicAtTrieste,ajp^lnoltafi«ays, tbat at PrinceNapols onsly atteude HieImperial:5HB STATE OF EUROPE.->»<"'•-. - TURIN, Toetday,Oct23,1860. ,JjowogtheLatin race*,Sundajisre^raroVia*serftandshortnessof.fundsjah^"aT&rrhingrypress- doubted whether the Croats, Slavonians, Serbs,- and ing need of administrative: reforms .en one side^ and Wallachianswill be inelined to share in this Magyar the setting well under way of.the. new jaystem ofgrievance,andbackitbytheirBupportETheVi-politico-economicalreformandinternal:improve- enna statesmen, in this instance, seem ratherto mentsontheother side—hae enough to dopeace- haveplayedaclevertrickupontheprincipleofna- fullyathome:andasfor:Constantinoplean!thewhetherheis saving it for St.heir as a permanency. , ^ ' .TLTiepoliticalclericalparty,herecontinue.tneir nepsthe.PrihceofWales^quite logical, but thoroughly practical bungle of , ThemembersoftheCorporotionandGen. Sandford,hostilitytotheEmperor;oneofthelatestresultsof commandingthemilitiaof3STew-York,havingbeenwhich is tbe suppression, by the Imperial power, of pieiented to the Prince, the Royal party proceeded a*, lic was far distant from anything likean English news- - their ablest provincial journal, the Gazette de Lyon. once to the office of the Emigration Commissioners. paper, we may emtomise in a few lines t Snrain fast* It requires a moral effort on the part of a rational Here the Prince Changed bis walking drsss for the of the case as detailed at the various exsinioati ;hs, andI stitniioo *9 a i 'FRANCE Aknowledgestheprinciple ofnon-interventionasmeetherjealouspassions. Thisoperawasorigi- nally composed before the>.Prophcte. Like the Prophcic, and particularly like Mayerbeer, all of hisblackcrowdofheads. Hatswentintotheair,and Providenceusesforthe.detectionofcrime. Lr,would handkerchiefs, too,at last, andtherewerecriea of seemthat'in many cases themurderer canc>t rest,do not know anything about it. I t looks like a warning to the meeting at Warsaw, thatthe revival of the Holy Alliance will only cement the Anglo- FrenchAlliancemorestrongly.has been doubled, and the rapid promotion to higher Then follows the defense of the Imperial policy. T ogrades, in the French, Austrian, and Russian ar- enforce the Villafraoca stipulation* by military THE PRINCE'S NEW-YORK RECEPTION.that edifke some 80 yearsago Dr. Irving (in latex times crime* Bishop of Nova Scotia) was expelled for reading prayersforGeorgeHi.after theDeclarationof Independence. Here it was now chiming the nation-Count Cavour is preparing with t h e greatest en- «rgyfor a sudden Austrian attack. Hehasno time to lose, for Austrian troops are pouring daymies,whichthePrussianofficershad.castlongingly powerwouldhaveyeen~~tb\sub&tituteFrenchfor Specialcorre*pond«:nceofTheLondonTimes.Austrian supremacy in Italy, tckthe discontent of all NKW-YOHK, October 11.tion. Inthefirstplace,FrancisJosephwiH'neverbe Snrgjven, for having bereft these gentlemen of their greatestConsolation,andthestandingtopisofallianceagaiustFranceamong itspossibleresults, anddoubtwhetheranyalliancewillcomeofit. ThethreeNorthernHeads,lyingtogether withcleverthatinmorethanonerespectitisveryillogi- cal IthasbeenaconstantdefectofFrenchpoli- ticiansandpoliciesthattheyweretoological..Thegiganticmeetingofthe citizens of NevvJYork,con- cheeringwhileheremainedinview,nomatterwhathe Thegr*atcampatWarsaw hasbeenunexposted^ venedfprsomegreatandsolemnrejoioingalongthe did. Itwaspastduskandgettingverydarkashis raised,andnooneappealstoknowwherethecorps whole length,of the city than the mere chance master- 'Royal Highness again entered his carriageand resumed d'armfe have been sent. ingofitsbusy,andexcitablepopulation. Itwassuch bistriumphantprogressdowntheBroadway. Upto FURTHERPROROGATIONOFPARUAMl.NT.'*%-"•~.•'•%*-.' -v-w. ife '^-mmmmm" **came; and when tbo hour of liberation strikes other side the courage to make a decided standKaiser Franz Joseph one of the'most, friendly, men refaeed to turn out to welcome tbe Priuje. No good-natured men in Europe: while Victor Emanu- answer he didn't get and the consequent granting natioijal slight is implied here. The 69th Regiment isel,andevenGaribaldiare,in.thematterofpersonal byF.Josephofnationalconstitutionstothenations almostentirelyoemposedofOrangemen,many_of• one of them, ing bus w morning,ifa night,to.«t«a flown.The potent as the edly come on**for this oursister country,we must be ready •tioassisther,andbytheAlmightyweshall *k(do it Hurrah for Hungary'" This sen-tence wasspokenwitha-propheticfeeling,for it seem8 that Austria is meditating an attack• u p o n t h e L e g a t i o n s w i t h m t h e n e x t f e w w e e k s , w h i c hs u n t lead to a n outbreak in Hungary. S h e knowsherdanger,and,therefore,aswe areinformed bytelegraphonthe21stult.,grantedconcessionsand*constitutiontoHungary.Wedonotas>etknow plan,butvotedthemonfalsepretexts. Hardlybad the Prussian Parliament been adjourned when • the details of this new comedy, but Hungary wants the Ministry, openly breaking through the' con-not o constitution; she wants her constitution, and, ditions on which the grant was obtained, began, well aware that Austria never can grant it,' she without further ado, to introduce the changes ia thewant* a complete separation from that ill-assorted organization of the army willed by the PrinceTbeevidence,thoughentiretycicumetantii',comes frommanydifferentquarter*,and thecombiii«<leffectempire. I t must h a y cost a great sacrifice t oJPrancisJoseph to'yield to the proud Hungarians, During the recess of the Parliament, the standingabilitysogreatthathoneverforgetsthatheisnot outattheVaudevilleTheater. Itstitleis"Re- bycourtmartialanddismissedforrefusingtoobeyor- wasallegedtohavehiddentheparcel—nanely,tha omnipotent; a remarkable toughness of purpose and demption." The title of this successful dramatist's ders, and the whole regiment itself may probably be 8th of September, four weeks after the mird*r, hea yet more remarkable faculty of quietly changing last piece was "Tentafion." Like it and.his disbanded, for the feeling is strong against it. Tne in- was not out of his cottage till 10 o'clock:. Muliinji hispurposeattheimperiousorderofthespirit'otthe "JeuneHommePauvre,"thisisanelegantlywrit- Siectionofthemilitiamerelyconsistedinridingsbwly havingstated that hesawhiminthebrickfieldbe-time;asingulartalentofwaitingandawaiting.The ten, very theatrical,, fashionable, morbid, false, alongthefrontOfeachcorje.1 Everyregimentdrooped tween8and9,Emmtherefore,beingprovediJnoeent, color&andpresented armsasthe Princeapproached them, and Mullinsls evidence shown to oe fkUe, we have man'sfaceisthetypicalrepresentationofthepo- drama,orsentimentalcomedy. Withitseffective purveyingwithopenadmirationthehandsometmifonna, verystronggroundsoftransferringoursuspicionstolitical: a wonderful absence'-of expression, a situatioii6'£nd its gentlemanly (sinking often enough the erect, steady, military aspect of every company, reg- the latter. A number of drcumBtancee cause Mupicum *.'never-letting on"ofwhatispassinginttiecham- tothepitifulgenteel)literary style,and admirable iment,andbrigadeontaeground.Asavolunteermilitia togrow-into certaintv! Mullins wasseen ^'i.iuttho bersofthebrain behinda physiognomical facade, acting,it is destinedtoagreatsuccess.. Likehis tbey^certtinlyformedatiodyofmenofwhomanynation placewheretheparcelwasfound. OntheFriday,tho whoseonlycharacterizingteatureisagreatnose. otherpieces',.itisworkedupfromapreviouslypub- mightfeelproud. OurownVolunteerswillarriveat chvybeforehemadethecharge,hewassjenatthe• whom twelve years of oppression could n o t break. Stiff, he made the sacrifice, a n d himself reversed thepolicybywhichfromthebeginningsofhis reign he has undertaken t o coerce the resisting provinces, and fuse them into a unitary empire. A ll Italy is feBy convinced that these concessions augur w a r Jferthem,*thatPrancisJosephwishestogetthegood wDl of Hungary, without which h e cannot even think of succeeding against Italy. Still, w e stay, from our knowledge of the Hungarian nation, aafely foretell the complete failure of the reconcilia- tion, though we do not yet know the extent of the Mucessions. As in Naples, they fall upon an un- grateful ground: they will increase the confu- sion, but not the good will of the nation.On the 22d, the two Emperors of Austria a n d Snssia met mo*t cordially at Warsaw,.and in a few days we may hear of the results of this portentous meeting. I t seems to wear an Austrian appear- ance, for it was preceded by the formal withdrawal of'theRussianEmbassadorfrom Turin, while"prince Gorchakoff, the enemy of the Austrian Al- hance,seemsnottohaveaccompaniedhisImperialarmy has been doubled, being raised from 40 regi uients to 72 regiments of the line and 9 regiments of the guard. Thepermanent annual expenses forthe military budget have thus, by the supreme will of the Prince* Regent, a n d in open violation, n o t only of the will ofthe people, but of the vote of its mock Representatives,beenraisedby100percent. But do not fancy the Prince' of Hohenzollern o r any of his colleagues risks the fate of Strafford. There will be somelow grumbling, pickled with fervent as- sertions of dynastic loyalty, and unbounded con- fidenceintheCabinet, andthiswillbeall.Now, considering that even the old army organization, founded aa i t was upon a merely agricultural popula- tion, had become, an intolerable drawback upon the resources and the productive activity of a people which in the course of time had engaged in manu- factures, it will bo easily understood how the army, now doubled in numbers,.must grind down the best energies ot the masse*., and drain the springs of national wealth.' The Prussian army may now boast of being the largest in Europe in proportion to population and national resources..Suchascentashehas! •lished dramatic story. Theobjectofthefirstact thesameperfectionintime,buttheyareyettooyoung brickfield. Hebadbeen seen ontheeventegjof theistoshowthepublic that Johnand Maurice,two tofairlybearcomparison with .these picked corps.of murderatabout8o'clock in the-neighborb/wdoftho Ne*-Yoik. Let,our regiments, however, look to it deceased'8 house. The witness Raymoud positivelyy ou know that a Hohen2ollern ruler, when speak.- .ingofhimself,orwhenspokenofbyhiscabiaetand master. On the other hand, the Prince Regent of his officials, goes by the name of Kriegsherr, that isis revenge, flavtuting their favored superiority the punishment of the unvirtuous Dalila.impressive sights which his Royal Hbighness is ever likelytowitness.,.. .Mf••-.,^M|#»Mfrfc,;r*Vf^<^<w-iTtw**^»i'irs-W^* - V* *•';««•:<• i|ancehere,andherethealia*ofBarouRenfrewwasPeter's Apostolic entirely dropped,' as indeed it has been now for some eryny fiaeefy denouncing another man, Is a refl<*aieaJI>1648-49be-recalledtomind,itmayhejustlynon possumusPiusIX-,who doubtextremelyand^iettto^^pockwtth«rewardofferedforthedlwov-Hfc d*y »«**appropriate for ejections. On a Son tionality, and turned it to their own account. ••:\ Rhenish frontier, doubtiess each one knows thatJfy, Ifepoleon wat elected President; on a Sunday, But, as for the general Diet of the whole empire, pears ripen and drop withtime.IMP*entered the;vote to ho £aken first for the Presi- under the name of- the Imperial Council, seated at Suppose that those two men are doing their ut- igmej for life, and later for, the Empire; oa a Vienna and composed of the respective delegates most to; prevent, atleast'stave off,the general Eu- JNnday, the Emilia and Tuscany tended, by uniyer- appointed by the different[DietsofGalicia, Hun- ropean war that seems to. mam iso imminent any sal suffrage, their annexation to Upper Italy; on a gary, Tran8yhanm,' Ctoatia, Servia, Venetia, and t?me the past seven months? There is considerablennifoi m of A Colonel. The Duke of Newcastle wore at the trial which has just concluded. The iau-daredk Ans&ia shock dedsic wars'••-$v - PRACTIC .;••• Corre«i»*aJ*acetr-V,.^4»fe'•:^J%^'$mM l I M M -V*V»l>^V, v * v ».:#."'.J|,li PPffiliPPiP^PP^pp^a^^ ^^^f^p^*^' *,' V ^W 'W W W 7^jW l/i-^'r*Sonday,NiceandSavoywereannexedtoFrance; theGermanprovinces^beingplaced'beyondthepale likelihoodatthebaseofthishypothesis,andara- 1851uptotheoutbreakoftheItalianwar,urgently duringtbeCanadiantourhad,withdelicatethought-' .Bad,not^onlyyOTforndngalfdomesticdatiesfor^ day before yeatcrday, all Naples and Sicily east of allegiance to the Diet of the-German Confedera- tional chance for.the successof the-secondery ofthe favorable to the iniquitous law on the press,.and to fulness, been purchased for their use on this occa- herself, but going out to collect her rents, for she pot-tt*irvoteforannexationandVictorEmanuelintotion, willitnotcutasundertherelationstwopurposes.ThatAustriaandItalyarebothallmeasuresforthesuppressionofliberty,ofthought..sion,end,mountedonthese,andaccompaniedby »es«edconsiderablepropertyinhouset.EVCTAfon-Our Legu-ls ceedtd to orgt • offictrs. The: organisation,i theLaceDernthe Oppositiot JKispermanen sotgointoJoi Sta»e Ktnaton Joteph. or outthe two to be' This demam Itsojustlym<• few hours bef the Consti-.ntii of Oresrou, an their dVpartu purpose of nr United Stai-s Senatorsthey xumintheS* theCoubtuut all the memh All the povf-efriend of the liberty of the press to feel sorry for hie uniform of Lord Lieutenant, Gen. BracOj Col.person, Mary Emeley, w a s a widow, aV»ut 7 0that have hitherto obtained between Ger- preparing for war is certain.'But if Austria gets Its only complaint of them was that they were not the principal American officers, the party issued day slie went on tbfs errand, and would brighomafke ballot-box; and on the 4th of November, theMarches and Umbria are culled to follow thair ex-wyln • We have but few returns as yet, from, thedeath;still,itseemsthatthegeneral enthusiasmfcr Italian unity has not led to scenes of intimida-tion,forwefindeverywhereaninsignificantmi-norityofNoesrecordedamongtheprevalentYeas. ButallthisreasoningproceedsfromAfalsepremises portantinthecase,GaribaldiiiBnotonlynotarash BystemofFrenchgarrisonsinItaly. TheFrench anyEnglishmanmightbeproudtoseeacknowledged theresultwasthatthehousewasentered,«a4'Astothefinalresult,nobodycoulddoubtit,even inclingingtotheletterofFrancisJoseph'spatent. fightingadventurer,butheisahumanitariananda force,aslatelyincreased,isfargreaterthanispos- tearepresentativeofhisnation. Hesitsonahorse Mrs. Emsleywesfound murderedin a lumber-man Austria and the German Confederation ? Thisno promise of backing from its Russian and Prus-thorough enough. . . . . , , , from Castle Garden toward the Battery. A long, some £30, £40, or £50. She was last,MsuaIrf» deep, tremendous,^sustained cheer greeted the about 7 o'clock on the evening of Monday ttxe 13this the great theme now harped upon by official «ian friends (?) and Victor Emanuel is told plainly PrusftiauLiberalism,whichwillneverstandinwant thatFrancewillnotbackanattackupon Venetia,By the way, or out of ^he way, it is queerish, Prince, whose appearance astonished every one. of August. On the ennrir-g Friday, the ITt'i, a man what Napoleon'spurpose iswiththat enlarged Slightandalmostboyishinhisappearanceinmorning namedEmm,whohadb<*noccasionally"inplovedof arguments for its pet idea, the exclusion of Aus- .thenisthewarstavedoffforsixmonths. Theonly French-Romangarrison. Thearticle alreadyso djess,inuniformandonhorsebackbelooksayoung: bythedeceased, communicatedwithaMr.Faith trianGermanyfromtheGerman Confederation. thoroughlyhonestmanwhoseactionisgravelyim- frequentlyreferredto,condemns,instrongterms,the Dobieman,of/Whom,apartfromhisexaltedposition, whohadmarriedadaughterofthedeoea^el,«a<SOTa moment; neither legitimist reactionaries' nor While the latter must be considered., on the part of man ot eminent common sense. 'Let Birdi be plainly sibly^ needful for defense of Rome. Some folks, as only Engliehmen can, and receives his homage of room. Many people had knocked at the door of!federalist republicans could anywhere make astand against Italian unity, a n d the principal com-the Austrian dynasty, as a clever device^ it affords to t h e various peoples crushed under/Hapsburg sway a precious handle for working out- their o w ncasting about for explanations in the case, have welcome with the; easy grace of one to the manor the houee during the preceding three d*y«, but born. Certainly, as he cantered down to the Bat- could make no one bear, and it cannot be doubted fallen upon this : that theee numerous troops are tery, bis horse rearing and prancing with timidity that she had been mrodertdin the night between Mon- it; let him be persuaded that this Government is in sent there to be,ready for the possible outbreak of at the tumult of cheers around, he looked even day and Tuesday. A reward was ottered, first £100, earnest,byunrelatedeffortstoobtainlibertyfor iheAustro-Italianwar!Theywouldnotfight,on worthy of the great welcome, that awaited thenof£300,andonthe3thofSeptemberaconum- Venetia with any chance of success, and he will not the Austrian side. him; and more than this it would be difficult nicatiou was made to the police by a man named Mal-told that an attack upon Venetia will not be backed by the Government of Italy and he will not attemptAHerrHubner,whoused to beAustrianEmbas- to eay. IntheBattery weredrawn upinsuccessive lins,thesubsequentaccused. HedenouncedEm«nM sador at Paris before the Italian campaign, came lines, five brigades of the New-York militia^—muster- the murderer, and said that he had been wa'chmg ingin all some 6,000 or 7,000 men. Taken as a type of Emm's cott«ge, and had seen him go out into a brick- jecture, and despite the numerous contrary indica- on here two weeks ago; and thereupon a London the volunteers of this country, they certainly were field and hide a parcel. Mnluns conducted Cc pottoe tions prominent upon its surface,' the Austro-Italian correspondent of a Paris journal wrote that his mis- pplendid specimens. In tbe 3d Brigade were the 7th to the spot, and, of course, was the one to pni his hand wyahstcolumn,heatone©attackedauSdispersed more"respectable'fofTHm•• Smti&$Ouansm; wardoesnotseemtohimso'crowdinglyimminent, sionwas,tofindoutwhetherornotL.N.B.would Regiment,tbeprideandadmirationofNew-York. on theparcel, whish, sure enough,-ontainedJLAbout1,000prisonersandabatteryweretheTogiveyouaninsightintotherealstateofthisnorthegeneralEuropeanwaritsnecessaryconse-makecommoncausewithV.E.,incaseJ.F. Theyare,undoubtedly,amostperfectbodyofsoldwrs,,propertybelongingtathedeceased Thepar-«M(tic population rush to the ballot-box, the warlike done much good in humbling the Pharisean pride of the Prussian mock-Liberals, and stripping toe H o -desiretoattemptit. Onthewhole,sofarasyour correspondent can survey that largish field of con-operations are not intenupted On the 20th, Gen. Ci- henzollern dvnaety of the only advantage it coulda&fmi, with the vanguard of the Piedmontese troops, boast over its rival, that of carrying on the old con- reached Isemia,. and, meeting there a Neapolitan cern of the bureaucrat and .the-soldier under thelarephjeeoftheday. Garibaldi,afterhavingonthe ISth reviewed the English volunteers, who on their arrival a t Naples were a t once sent to the Volturno,made on that occasion some important remarks; aad, seeing there the Hungarian Legion, he turned *o them, and, in a few warm words, expressed his tfeaaks to the Hungarians. " It is our duty now to "take up their cause," he uaid, "asour owna beentryingv dent of tbe S patched the the officer, toopen Function of the Government proposals for the reorganization of the army, and lacking on thethe most incorruptible, and the late KingBomba much everybody came to think that he did come the famous 7th. The 4th Brigade, to use Lord John iairly looked up^n as the mutd^rer. Tne wh.«Hgist of one of the most amiable family, and the present for just that thing; and have .since rightly or Russell's simile, was "conspicuous for the abfionce" of he case for the prosecution was to show that u t Eaun, wrongly made an intimate connection between the . the 69th Regiment. Col. Corcoran and his officers and but Mullins himeelf, made up the parcel, aud.hlt it inthe spot whither he afterward conducted the police.passtheGovernmentplanforthereorganizationofthe army, but voted $9,500,000 for putting the poleon's ability as a politician. An ability so mani- and that the nations are persuaded that he is. in parade, and with this last impotent display of wrath poeseseion of the decensed's property, and used it'toagainst the martinet leanings of the Prince Regent,hit upon theusual^expedient.of weakness—amiddlecourse,neitherfishnor flesh. It refusedto"army into a state fit to encounter the dangers ap- p r e h e n d e d f r o m w i t h o u t . I n o t h e r w o r d s , t h e Prussian Deputies voted the ways and meansfolded by the material power; of France, which it earnest, may help to take the wind out of the sails jrom a disappointed turbulent faction, let us hope w e insure the ruL; of Emm. It waa proved beyond aRegent and rejected by the so-called repreeentatives.Prussia,aftertheinterviewwiththeQueenofEn-' tosay,"LordofWar." Nowthis,ofcourse,does ofpositioninthefaceofdecent publicists: faithfulThey do say again that Mayerbcer'sAfricanuselandatCoblenz, became less friendly to Austria- not mean that Prussian kings and regents lord it Stan before, and though the Baron Schleinitz wrote over the chances of war. Their great anxiety to a very strong doctrinaire diplomatic note to the Tu- keep peace, and their known propensity for beiug *in Cabinet, blaming the disregard of international thrashed in the open field show better. By thatIn short the unusual circumstant.al .evidence which is forthcoming when these tales of blood, are mraveled The.article of Wednesday's ConstittUiound de- Taunhauser, at the Grand Opera. The piece this nable, as that of the oceau in a storm. Maga and ban- loaves no donbt that the prisoner was guilty. He will go to his doom without pity from any one. In tunesmorals, butspotted snow-drops. Allbutthein- composing the Austrian Empire, which, on con- whomdonotblushroavowtheirsympathyevenwithsanestRedsandultra-retrogradesnowadmitNa- ditionthatF..J.wasinearnestingrantingthem, theKingstonfanatics.Theyreiuped,therefore,to istoleavenodoubtthatMuJlins,andnoouuelse,hada n d a c c i d e n t h a v e b r x m g h t i n t o . h i s h a n d s , t h a t h e o f r e v o l u t i o n i n t h o s e n a t r o n s , a l w a y s e x c e p t i n gh a - v e d o n e w i t h t h e s u b j e c t . d o u b t t h a t E m m w e n t t o S t r a t f o r d o n t h e n i c r h t o f t h e murder, that he was in company with more r,han o n e"* m e a t r a t h e r t This oatrsg, movement! 1,membersofseats,buta ••> Oity outhe•i and Lane J.l - the action ofY anceyum, would be s\ adopted and <aufle, whicb.. - watched the last two wee Moeher, tl•oflice-holQer here for y^a rage. He b tore that the couldhavec thatlthe Ser;aways,he.d of twelve-x ernofifiheThe cause I satianedhedent. He h by any met when deiea thosebehas electing hh feather hss this reaches younew?o ators, and tfuse to ofaen Ahurge-addreeced Williams,to" • manifested bered for wblockthew , Thia ia thesinceourS«-i esta are aufl vital interest in CoDgrese thecal; ai have,bytl people,and, * ciple Of a shall rulemanwhohi seetheprop powerthec thefirstto elevate him pedangerocThere car . theLegulat ;managedbjtrustaidex alwaysbeci the Superin Receiver of•abetting,w fromtime these reue be-to thoro•Joteph isd willbeco:> where hia glad tp hidTo *<? Edit* SIR:Afrwith thece informed of the South,i eluded to pi experience press has jSomemc known tes'received a Giers, of 1 thepositionInhisneij to decline, temper4,I| requiting vwitthe S< acmetime that a wsrt tomyheslt startedfro Alabama,'passengers was one ance of' intheJy. them tc pi-jkcautious'y Slavery.' and,ait<»r« Georgia, r eeivedbv1 mosthespi slaveho:J«] Somerviils and hi a fe moot. 1 o Friday'mo:lium11.Cs emifesry w and rapinehasbecome,ormadehimself,thecontrollingpower Venetia.wantedbytheGovernmentforcarryingout•itsoftheorganizedpoliticalpowersofEurope;an AnewplaybyOctaveFeuillet,waslatelybrought lyinNewYork.Col.Corcoranwill,itissaid,betriedVd.ItwasalsoprovedthatonthedaywhenhoThe town has been occupied,'and, as the Frenchsay, preoccopied, fince Wednesday morning, with an cousins, became great friends, because Maurice in time, for when next His Royal Highness sees them identified him,/and anothtr poison saw hinr passihg;articleintheCunstitutionncl newspaperofthat wasnotascoundrel. Theobjectofthesecondactis jeviewedhewilljudgeofthembythehighstandard throughStepneygreen.date. A s a general rule, the editorials of the Cori- to show that Madeleine, a courtesan and theatrical be has seen here. The inspection took a very long We are not disposed, however> to attach mushlag stitutioMid aregreatly overrated,fortheirsignifi- staratVienna,isnothappy,andthatheronlyway time,almosttoolongforthepatienceofthemuldiudes portancetothislastfact,forthesdlor wb">gn-etkocance, by Frenchmen, and extravagantly so byto, become so, pointed out by a holy prieBt, is toin Broadway, who nad been waiting and Waiting for long weatv hours.evidence knew nothing of the prisoner bsfor», andl^foreign correspondents. Consult, in proof, the sen- really , fajl in realJove with some one. The objectsation articles of its basely Belf-degraded editorsfor ofthe remaining three-acts is to show that if athe past eight years, and compare them with themight, as Mullins's counsel sugge-ted,. have recognized From 10 o'clock in the morning the immense con- him.from the description when he was after Twara con-animal enjoyment, and. then tries_ to poison herself, seemed to have a good deal in them, and gavA notice to Understand, the editors of the sub-semi-oificial she is a quite unexceptionable companion fora fine Prince in eighc. At last tbe long inspection termi- the police before Mullits was apprehended. There papersheTearenotfools;theyareworse—suffi- youngman,whohasprovedhimselftobenotascoun- nated,andacarriagedrove.bysixcoal-blackhordes, are,however,mucb*&trongerpiecesofevidence.Onacta of Government and facts of history in that time.to principles of any sort..It isimpossible to describe the route from this point. isto be brought at this season, after Wagner's The impression left was grand, but vague and undefi-serves, as it has attracted, more than ordinary at-time is to be called Vasco de 'Gama, the. African •womanbeingitsprincipalcharacter,andimproper- lyrelatedinlovewiththatcelebrated navigator,ners were across the road, but they seemed a^ solidas masonrycomparedwiththeendlessflatterofhand- kerchiefs—aflutterthatseemedtomakethewholetention,forseveralreasons,oneofwhichis.that,itwhenitisallegedthat somanyevildoersescape, itisatleastsatisfactorytofindthemostdeliberateJawandtheconclusionsdrawnbyCountCavourfrom theprinciplesofnationalityanduniversalsuffrage,ho does not go beyond a formal recognition of Aus- feda'srighttovenetia."andinthesamebreathac-separatedfromthemass,opposedtoit.distinguishedregards all the other parte ofItaly. Sincewe by certuin badges,trained to passive obedience, it.tobeunderstoodfortheday. ThetextofitwilltheConstitution. HenceaHohenzollernruler,be- editorial. Itopenswitharemarkablyboldrf.sumf. resentingavertical sectionofV.de.G's ship;on nite—thevagueimmensityofthewholeimpressedyou trolabledesiretogivepub'ic suspicionanobject,audi, ingthekingofhispeople,onlyasfarasheis-the. oftheargumentsoftheretrogradeandadvanced deckisapicturesquely-arrangedmusicalrow;in toomuch. ThereseemedtobenodetailM,suchas thathehopedbythesacrificeofEmmtoennsfyia-' "Lordof-War,"inotherwords,the.proprie- partiesagainsttheEmperor'sItalianpolicy;boldin thecabinanentrancingtenorandsopranolove usuallybelongtoavastassemblageofpeopleofall quiryforever.Bethatasitmay,thesnarewhichhotitleofVLordofWar,"sodearlycherishedbyHo-isnotwrittenbyanyoneofthe6uperserviceableeditors of ihat sheet. I t was sent in to them appa- V. de G., in the course of his voyage having met avenue glimmer and flicker—that rippled out over ciminal vvho has come before our Courts i'->r somehenzollernrulers,itisratherunderstoodthatthe | true prop of their .kingly power must be sought for,rently from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. It sets with other loves, the colored female intervenes as a the fronts of massive distant buildings like flakes of time has not succeeded in evading justice. This case notinthepeople,butinaportionofthepeople, forththeItalianpolicyoftheEmperorashewishes sortoffemaleOthello. Themusie-islaidoutto snowthatformedaperfectfringeabovethehugs re.veaistousoneofthemosteffectivemeanswhichdrilledintoamere.instrumentof-thedynastywhich, havereachedyoubytheAdriatic,but,inviewofthe owns it as its property and uses it according to its legitimate sensation it has created here and indeed" Godeavethe Queen!" with '•?You're welcometo but is impelled by an irresistible force to ^alk ofknowthatEnglandfearsa European conflagrationoriginating in a Venetian war, but that she sympa-thizes otherwise with Italy, and desires to see Vic-lev Emanuel at the head of a strong European abdicate than allow bis army to swear obedience to tance k-prings from the fact that it is not an ordinary be, for instance, a rarely-applauded tableau, rep- In vain yon sought to catch a glimpse of anything defi- is also little doubt that he was urged on by an uncon-New-York!" and cheers and shoutings, even gestures, bis crime, and to de somelhing to avert th* susoicion caprice. A Prussian king would, therefore, rather throughout Europe, I. make no apology for para- operas, it is to be brought out with the carefuilest of kindly feeling and delight, 8uch as carried even the which he fancies about to light on him. Tb it Mullin*graphing upon it. Note that its essential impor- attention'to auxiliary scenic, effects.. There is to coldest away with the headlong torrent of enthusiasm. wanted to get the £300, is certain enough; but therepower,weclearlyae**in Baron Schleinitz's diplo-maticnote,theinfluenceofLordJohnRussell.Hereimportantis,perhaps,theinterviewofLordPahnexston with the Emperor Napoleon, at Comepegne,whichtooktheworldbysurprise,sinceiteameunawares,hutbeyondameagertelegram,we wealth. Thisgreataimhasbeenobtainedbythe argumentsoftheadvocatesofAustriaandthePope, raving, districted outburst'.'of,black African Church—theMotherChurch,asitiacalled—thechimes impartia;styofwhichtheunhappycriminalhimself .tor of the army, must, before all things, doteon it, fondle it, flatter it, and feed it that it give* not only the, f»tronge»t but the mostscene; in the hold, illuminated by the footlights, ranks—no quiet here, and outbursts of vooiferation at had set for a guiltless man caught his own foot; his anoiher spot. It was one continued uoauimoas wel- wicked machinations recoiled on his own head, and ho andplayedup"tobytheorchestra,a finely-measured comethatcanneitherbetoldnotforgotten. Atone' hasnow,afteralengthenedtrial,thepatience,andwithalwaysincreasingmorsels of.the national offensive,i.e.themoBtdisrespectful,(toL.N.B.)new military organization. The number of officers and of the advocates of the national. Italian cause. jealousy. .. ' . .were ringing prettily " God save the .Queen. Yet from confesses, been found justly guilty of this a'rociono':'••• " '.'"•»THELATESTBYTHEPERSIA.THK N E W HUNGARIAN QuK3TioN.^-One of the Vi- anxious eyes upon, has been secured to them with- Italy, of England, and of the general European sen- The Pripoe of Wales has entered New-York. These al anthem and all New-York m ad with exultation enna journals says that the Hungarian Diet will aot bo outexposingtheirlives andlimbstotheleasthaz- timent,fortheadvantageofAustriaand"of other fewwordst*)lotfnehan ovationashaBseldombeen anddei'gnt, welcoming thegreat-grandson ofthat convenedforatleastsixmonths. TheHungiriausre- ard. Hence there isjust now prevailing, not among powers who would not, in return for such sacri- offered to any monarch in ancient ormodern titaos. same George's descendant who had onty a few days siding at Paris have agreed to a protest exnreeslnr afterdayintoVenetia. Benedek.hasgotth<rchief.thecommonsoldiers,butamongtheofficersofthe It-wasnotareception;itwasthegrand,impressive betorebientothetombofWashingtonbareheaded wantoiconfidenceintheconcessionsjustma-ie.which, command of the Italian army, and the Prince of Mddena is busily engaged in reorganizing his army, reviewingtheAustriantroops,andpreparingfor a campaign.Prussian army, a vast amount of enthusiasm for the fice, grant their sympathy or confidence to welcome of a mighty ^eopIeT^It' was such a mingling and planted a tree to shade the place of sepulchre of are described as a desperate resource for staviuif off in Prince Regent and his " liberal" Ministers. . At the France. On the other hand, to accept and of fervent, intense enthusiasm.,' of perfect good oroor, that great man. W ho can ever believe in the perma- surrectioh.sametimethearistocraticfox-hunters,grumbling encourage the Italianmovementthatwas, ofwarmthandyetkindreepect,thatIamfairlyata nenceofhereditaryantipathiesafterthis1 What SPAIN.at the liberal phrases of the new regime, have in a sort, a "consequent" of the Villafranca loss how to convey in words to English readersany antipathy, rather, can be hereditary between such, The' Spanish Government, accordtrg to a telegraminAs to Napoleon, h e continues his mysterious pol-icy. He scoldsItaly, hutprevents the foreign powersfrom interfering, lie occupies Viterbo for the .of the country. There is one drawback to all this, uel and Naples) has been censured rather than ap- day^ demonstration, believed that there could be very they are the inheritors of our every vice and virtue.ignorestheplansoftheWarsawconspirators,whilehe puts his army on a still more efficient footing. be no reserve to fall back upon. fie reaps the fruit of his Italian policy, which madePiedmontwouldbeaself-contradiction(inviewof attemptedofanykind, nograndliveriesorgilded the late French campaign in Italy); to'- let Austria coaches.Anglo-Saxonpredominatingoverall.• Italylastyear,andthatotherwiseprepareioasaro At the City Park his Royal Highness and suits left going on on a very large scale, as if a wax wan certainMm the most feared monarch in Europe, while in Francetheoppositionagainsthimhasconsiderably abated. HesitsnowreallylikeJEolusatthecave of the winds; if he opens the gates, the storm rages throughout the continent; if he shuts the winds up,peace remains unimpaired.3PKEPARATIONS F O R W A R IN PRUSSIA.3Hnm QxacOtra Co»erpood«Bt,* BERLIN, Oct..23, i860.AFFAIRS' IN FRANCE.FromChurOwnCorrespondent.intervene in Italy would be to sutler an offensivereturn toward a past and definitively lost Bituatiou;There was a military procession, but that was only an item in the great features of the day, which was the welcomeofthepeople. Itwaasucnawelcomeastheir carriage s, and stood in the middle of the iuclosare to see the regiments from the Battery march past. This wasratherahitchintheday'sprogramme,forittooknext Spring.It is coniirmedthat at the Council of Marsha's, heldbeen quite conciliated by the new occasion afforded the couree followed by Piedmont (which has run so had rather a considerable experience of Royal pro^ ever so bad it owes its faults to England; if Ameri- them for fastoningtheir younger sons oh the pnrae rapidly from Garibaldi and Sicily to Victor Eman- greeees,.both at home and abroad, and uotil yester- cans ever think lightly of England, let them rememberthe Court of Turin./Pope, and allows the French Bishops to denounce even from the dynastic standpoint. Prussia has litue that .was new in anch displays. In the Our kith and kin meet us in every city, town, and vil- The Paris correspondent of TA-e Tendon Times Victor Emanuel, and also himself indirectly. H e now concentrated all its available forces into one proved. T o interfere in favor of Piedmont would welcome to New-York, however, 1 found that I had lage out here^—exaggerating our national character— says that French Regiments are to consist of four bat-standingarmy. Thatarmyoncebeaten,therewill betoprovokeageneralwar;tointerveneagainst muchtolearn. Therewasnopomporpageantry bothforgoodandill,butwiththegrandtypeofthe' talions,aswhenthearmywaspreparingforwariaPARIS,Oct.26,18G0. The Warsaw Conference is not a success.tojoinwithSardiniawouldbetodefyEuropeAndleaguewithrevolution. Asthemoderatorofrevo- oaJyawhokpeopleandafreepeoplecouldgive,and along,longtimetoaccomplish,andthedaywaned afourthbattalionineveryregimentoftheFrenchI mean, ofcourse,as seenfrom Paris,whereitislution and dynastic ruler, Napoleon is opposed to Sardinia;butasthechild ofrevolutionandrepre-in the details of its enthusiasm and its good order there was much, strange as it may seem, that made each aand dusk eame, and nine-tenths ofthe people were stillwaiting for the Royal visitor. Apparently enough,army, to be called the Battalion of Reserve.Kotsuth and Klapka have had interviews with thoEmperorNapoleon.however,sawthismeagreceremonialofmarchiagpastindeed one of the standing topics of talk, but is not sentative of the popular will, he ia a friend to the reception possible only in New-York. In Paris it to have satisfied all America. Even the houses round ^The Times's Vienna correspondent says that, iu highItalian movement; earnestly desiring peace—not would have been a Government aflair of soldiersand the square seemed to have turned into component official circles it is believed a new Convention uae re-talked about veryearnestly, noreven conjectured fearingwar. Hisposition makes him the almost gendarmes; in'Lonnon it wouldhavebeen amob, partsofthecrowd,sodenseweretheclustering masjescentlybeenconcludedbetweenFranceandSvdiaia.TIIE CONFERENCE'AT WARSAW.ahputvery much in the newspapers. A nd yet natural pacificator of Europe, the arbiter of tile with an immenee police force to control it. Here it that thronged at every window, over the coping*, fill- was simply the people turning oat in hundreds ofWARSAW,Fridsy.—ItiastatedthattheWarsaw interviewmaintainedtoth«hutapurelypersonalnothingwhateverisknownaboutitsdoings—igno- stirringquestionstliatatpresentkeepthenever thousand]?. Ahugeseaofdecorous,batmosf«enthu- ingthebalconies,andhuddlingtpjgetheronr^fsTheangerandthedreadfeltbyourLiberalsat-fcePrinceRegent'sparticipationintheWarsawCoagrets,find,asisusualwiththe grievances-ofgeauine Prussian Liberals, their vent in bitter as- care much about that meeting of the three Northern and with acceptanee of necessarily qualifying cir- did they eeem to have a single element in common louder still. In fact, the Prince had come, the people no Convention of any kind was concluded, nor wasrance,thefirstconditionofconjecture,iacomplete balancedequilibriumofEuropeinan.alarmingly siasticspectators,who,evenatthespitswherethey ahundredfeetfromtheground. Anatheenthusiasmin the case. The truth of it is that people douot febrile state of dance-a-diddleum! The upshot of were deneest were yet so quiet, so impressive in seemed bonndlrBS, inexhaustible. If the Prince only character. As regards the Princes and Ministers at tho thearticleis,LefushaveaCongress. Onthewhole, theirmajesty ofgoodorder,that atnooneplace turnedhisheadtheycheered;ifhedidn't,theycheered interviewonThursdaylast,nostipulationwasmade,' jpersioiui of Austria and its new-fangled Constitu- Powers; w e have ceased to believe an offensive cumstances, this article is very clever; not the less with what w e call a.mob. It seemed more a were glad to see him, and testified it by never stopping even a protocol drawn up.their verbose self-righteousness, viz , the contrast their helping ministers lying about them, will prob- best parts of the world's work hitherto in a grand display of popular enthusiasm, there was each this time there had been round the carriage an escort of At the Privy Council on Friday, Parliaii-»nt wao aetween " constitutional" Prussia and " absola- ably come to a conclusion that revolutions in Italy its slow, bungling .progress, have been made, by a dignity in the calm reliance felt by every one in the light cavalry, including in their ranks some of thefat- further prorogued to the 3d of January, 1861.instinctivemovements,unanalyzedbylogic.Hence, preeervationOforderxeuchaperfectwarmthandgen- teBtmeninNew-York. But,attherequest ofthe tist" Austria. TheAustrian patent, of course, andthat eort of thing are highly improper,and this passage in the article mentioned is notso iality ofkindneea evinced from higheet to lowest Prince,theyfellbacksoastolethimsee andbeseen. ••" '•THE VERY LATEST.[By Telegraph to Qutemtovn.]formalized reader: "As forFrance, faithful to the )and the hands by which th e gift is bestowed, schismatic Gieek) of Di cine right represented by " interests it has defended,tied to no. one by engage- kiid that has ever .taken place. Quiet and demure as At every point from this time, it was one long, cor- engagement* had taken place between the troops of"mehts, it.will benefit in a Congress by the reserve are the English people, there are yet few Englishmen dial greeting. It w as Buch a mixture of enthns'nam the K»ng of -Saple* 'and iho Piedmontese, half-way . etamp it with the character of a shift, rather than their thrones, and of. international right or law of " which it has been reproaehed with, and by the who can realize the fact of the whole inhabitants of and good manners, ofthe most voctferous welcome, between leans and Sesaa. The enemy, leavi-isr manya imcere concession. Once before on the 4th of Nations, and of rights of (their) family and (their) "moderation that it has been able to preserve. an imn erne city turning out to witnose a spectacle and yet the most profound respect,^as no other visitor thai prisoners, fell back upon Garlglani.atay, 1849, Francis Joseph promulgated the out- property. Having came to this virtuous conclusion giyea cordial welcome? intrnsted at the some time ever entered this city has been welcomed with. No " Better than another, perhaps, it will be in a posi- with the duty of keeping order among themoelveB. matter what the excitement, it never tempted theings ofevery kind. The circumstancesunder whichthree varieties (Catholic, heretic Protestant andTcRIN,27th.—Accordingtodespatchesreceive!here,lawsof a constitution, only tocancel them 1tofoll<wmgy^/^att«ethe fortune of war had « V c i a r e d o n b W : * * d & B u t , t h e n , t h e r e e x i s t s n o Jaatence on toe records of history of princes hav- Jbg ever curtailed their own privileges, and yielded topopular ctoima, except underaheavypressure -£»mwithout,andthereexistsnoinstanceoftheir - kept faith whenever they could dare to breakRKPVI.SK OF THK NKAPOUTANS.—LONDON, S^tur- ^~Ih?1?orre9Pood6,'tofThe &liite'&#*attachedXH^ig,^ ^Tbtfe-'Oe^atitntioB* of the German Slavonic* • - . ander ha*sent him, beside th e four horse* of the treasury is dreadfully, in want of funds; the King- could be obtained was one dense sultry-lookiug mass ably, have obtained even a larger share of public! of prieetly ^governmentby theflagpf Solferino,/Ming Knwted to the most general OnoftVbreed someweeks ag», a recent autograph dom hit of this world is pressingly •urgent for of human beings, all seomiogly in motion, waving attention, for the manner in which the nefarious RUSSIA'S POLICY OS ITALT.—T*« l)aily News '%. m ay be made nothing letter. I have not seen the contents of it; but it worldly dollars and cents. kappleonV troops are their bats and Handkerchiefs, cheering and clapping cuniiing. of the murderer led to his own detection is quotes the despatch rccatlio&the Russian Embassador The greatest mult .found is easy to guess that they consist of glittering gener- down there/now in abundance to protect the Patri- their lande. Ail the air seemed filled with a hoarse almost new in the annals of crime. "Never, in our from Turia, and asks what minister in any Free State undulating roar, ae from the waves of an angry sea! recollection, has a prisoner more deservedly received in Christendom can after thisjustify the thought of en-the part of the Magyarsisof Croatia and Servia and Transyrta- conservative sort. Alexander does not want a light to be his. I t is hard to tell whom he is protectingwith Louis, nor does Louis with Alexander: each, it for. There are folks hereabout, a s there a r e inatWarsaw,theywillleaveitthereandgohome. "ticntoindicatethecompromisesamongdivor- "i'ctthiswafactuallythecaseatNew-York;andalong peopletobreaktheirself-formedandselfk«ptViae.Nothing worse than paper bullets, discharged from " gent claims. After having freed Italy, sustained three miles of load, thronged with half a millioa or They seemed to feel that i t might be indecorous and to Ganb&ldi's headquarters sayd, the British Lerion d i p l o m a t i c b r a i n * , w i l l c o m e o f i t . A n d d i p l o m a c y " t h e P o p e a t R o m e , c e n s u r e d t h e i n v a s i o n o f t h e DOOM, o f s p e c t a t o r s , t h e r e w e r e n O t 5 0 p o l i c e m e n , a n d m i e e o n s r u e d t o p r e s s . u p o n t h e r o y a l c o r t e g e , a n d t h e w a s a t t a c k e d b y a N e a p o l i t a n b r i g a d e o n 1 0 ^ h m s t . has lost its prestige; people are coming to Bee, " Roman States and of the Two Sicilies, secured even these were only Stationed at interdecting streets oute was rigorously maintained open .till tne Prince lhe figbt IflHttd five hours with an interruption of two." respect for tbe principle of non-intervention by re- to stop carts and vehiclea from entering in the liue of had p&aeed at leaetsa mile. In this manner his Royal J.he lirst and third companies charged the No* x>litans what history has so long been telling them, that the' " Bpecting it herself, she cannot be regarded with route. Yet description does not easily convey the idea Highness journeyed down the Broadway of New- more than OECS, and thoroughly beat then. C"K Peardworld isgoverned byfails accoiiiflis, and..not.by "suspicion byItaly,or bythePapacy, orbyEu- offcuch.amulitodfc—tbestrict,tberigidgoodorderand York,andatbat,atnearly7o'clock, arrived at that bHtsixmen,and hadabout twentywounded. Capt- diplomaticphrases;sothatthereishardlyanyone '[rope/' Theyalldoregardherwithuncommonly goodhumorthatprevailed. This,too,,wasnotforan palaceofallAmericanhotels—theHoteloftheFifth Tucker,anartistinXspW,waskilled.he ur. or only wbile the Prince was passing. It was Avenue. • • THE VOTK XT NAPi.Ks.—The result of the v^te ini To Cd. K vrt DKAKS.S: Uk*l««^.ohereabouts, except those who go not by Bight but by. wide-awake suspicion, of course. Here is some- ibe unvarying demeanor of the whole concourse from Ai-andtheirpledgeswithimpunity.Theold faith intheold"formulas, whodoesnotregard thingHtillbetter:AnorganizedandpowerfulItaly 10inthedaytillpast6atnight.the City of Naples shows that 154,000 have voted for ANEXTRAORDINABYTEUL-TH3CSLEPNEY annexation. . . 'think ftd-H^ hold U»t bo (Mtk«>yw-•e, UU* for to*Y«rt«day rivedinour >v« a.OviJ<»ntOuri&ibn ctple«,"*r»>ln had an " ti•«nt*r.' oo Wenatural lincnirt. t *• Qfth* "ot-• AUo.ttttt * •udrr^lTt-•.:Constitution has not been restored in itsis henceforth a European interest, and Europe, in consecrating it in such conditions by a solemn Con- gressional act, would show as much prudent fore-MUHDER.gunsfromthebatteriespealedfojththeirroyal salutes HOW MURDERERS ARECONVICTED IN ENGLAND. badbelonged tothePapal armyhavebsenUudedatNaples and the Marches as definitively acquired to thetwo most important rightsOf Italy; although theacquisition hasbeenmadein,'*: * •:* As tho royal steamer came in view theTHK PAPAT. Bnic.AnK.—Five hundred Irish, whotys and means, and thelevies of troops, openest defiance of the law of nations, and all the sight as justice!' _ From The London Timtk, Cht.2.No surprise will be felt by any one on learning that Marseilles this week, and the steamer was to return to ,aretransformedfromtheDietatPesthtotheCen- tral IarperJaUCeoncil a t Vienna, which latter b^ina; the States General ofthewhole invested with attributes likely sources, of strife betweenDucal,PapalandRoyalprotestsagainsttheper-thetrialattheOldBaileytermmatedyesterday with Genoafortherestofthep'isonersofthatarmv.quitecorrect,legal,1logicalanddeadletters.>.days past—all invitations to fitts and public sotiees.of. 0 7 V i P ""^"ich almost borders on ronwnce.reception being given in the name of Iris Royal High- • The story is. indeed, one of the most extraordinary••this their grave misfortune. The Gazette de, Lyon, Grey, and Major Teeedale also assumed then* umfjr'ais years', of age, of very miserly habits. Sao hredlikeallotheroftheultraclericaljournalswas,from. endorders. Thehorseswhicheachofthepartyrode entirely alone, in the neighborhood nf mTheinsult;however,wjllnotbepassedoversolight- ptrson uptomidnight, andthatthenhewentnomatocommon courtesan does get disgusted with mere course bad 1><eu slowly collecting. Before 12 all were fronted with bim at the Station-House. 'Tha sailor in their placts, and here It was past 4 o'clock, and no said that Mullins w as agitated, and that Ira picketsdrel, and that, being accepted by this nice young came into the Battery for the Priace, with a.train the mantlepiece of Mullins's lodgings wa* found a of other vehicles for the rest of the suite- The opan'ciently cultivated writing machines, utterly withoutsoul and self-respect, journal prostitutes, street man(whoknowsandhasbrandedasitdeservesall baiouche forhisPv°yal Highnees wasplain,butex- pieceof string'exactly Bimilnr to that whichbound courtesans of the Power that is,•accept'ng their the infamy of her previous life), she is redeemed; ceteively handsome. It had been built expressly ny tbs paicei, and there was aI?o wax."gieh asthatisthe easy "Kedemption" ofthe improper for theoccasion,andcost thecitymore than$l,00u. wasusedtorthecordwhichwastiedround"the endo--daily wages and shame as -an honor, and signingtheir names in full, as the law directs, to their ful-some adulations and noisydefenses of their ImperialKeeper; meekly, shamelessly accepting the brutalreproofsanddenials,towhichthey.aresooftenex- getler,haveapplauded,infrontofthesame'stage, Park—aparknotbyanymeansaslarge.astherecent posed, when the Power that uses them sees reason.; the equally stagy virtues of the Poor Young Man, it closure at Camberwell,which has been honored with for asBCTting its respectability and independence of and of the heroine-of the ."Tentation" (who was that title,. Here the visitors caught a fall view of themthroughthecolumnsofthe'Monitcuriand, reallyavirtuouswoman,byhappyaccident),and Broadway,anditwasoneofthegrandest-andmostfemale, hight Madeleine; whose latter-day virtue isThe Prince sat with Mayor Wood on his righ>, the sure. It was suggested tbat Mullins, knowing thatDuke of Newcastle and Lord Lyons facing. Amid the intelligent public, w ho, for a hundred nights to- moet tumultuous cheers the carriage went in from the Battery toward the incloeure, called the City HallEmm was a shoemaker, need wax cord in order togivo a color to tie story that Emm had hidden the parceL A pencil case belonging t> fhe deceased w as disposed . ofbytheprisoner'swife,shoriyaftsrthemurder. Muliins was by trade a plasterer, and the hatomer ho need exactly fitted the wouods which deprived M rs. Emsley.offife.'IntheclottedbloddwastWmarkofa nailed boot, and such a boot Mullins had thrown into % dustholesometimeafvertbef*talday.to have the same brilliant success with the samewith slow, dignified regularity, shrouding the town inhugemassesofwhitesmokethatdriftedoverthecityin a thin veil of cloud, like the mist of a Winter'e morn. the conviction of the prisoner ttullms, w h o received THE ROMAS Srx7ts.~Thc Pcrvgia Gazette states.formances, of Garibaldi and Victor Emanuel are . The article of the Constituttond is accepted here Gradually objects grew more and more distinct; the sentence of death. Although the case was one of cir- that emigration from Viterbo continues ou a> largo abyallshades ofliberal opinion with great pain. Batterywaseten.aglitteringmassof*regiments,the cumstantialevidence,thegailtofthismanwasproved scalethateventbeclericalpsrtysirefrightenedattho The lurid-red Ultramontaguards do not relish it at walls,, the windows, the roofs of the houses along beyoiid all reasonable doubt. The last few mouths magnitude Of the demonstration. The emigrants have.Before leaving this Warsaw Conference, which,you recollect, Louis Napoleon did not want to at- all. Meantime, they raise a loud and eager cry thft harbor; the quays, and wharveB, the frees, have been unusually proline in murders of the worst which they state they have loft their native l*nd iu or-shore; the masts and yards of all the vesaelB ia signed ah addrets to the Emperor of the French, in dSfferentnationalorprovincial;tendbyanymeans,ImustmentionthitCzarAlex- againformorePeter'spence.TheKingofRome'8 andeveryspotorpostfromwhichaglimpse kind;weieitnotsotho8tepneyciimewould,prob- dernottohavethegriefofwitossshigtherestoraliott^#om"HnBtaw,andthegranttothoseprovinces !"«?*'moment—whatwithemancipationofthe th4cliquethatsurroundspoor,aioiable,iuenlcient,emigrants are received and housed by the State of NewYorkonthefirrtdaysoftheirarrival. Mr.MayorWood,andthealdermenofthetity,wereinattend- laidhisplotfo»theruinofEmma. Tocommitacrime Fre»setarobecomingmoreandmoremenacing.Tho5«fcent^»*fct D>e>;butiftheeventsofIfctthehapssurpassedbythatwhichhemwiitatadwhenhe preparationsofAustriaonthelineofthoPo.saysLm moit roeent lntelUgeaee wukcu&cos t h t t a «orp« o f h o -•"'.'• .> . .:•.'•'•*.•Untitled Documentder for which he is to die was in the highest degreecoldblooded and cruel; but even the guilt of this is per- AUSTRIAN W AKUKJC PR*PARATio*s.~-The wartikothathaseverbeentoldinaCourtofJustice.Asthe murder,andthefirststepstoward detectiontookplate intheeariyAutumn,whileaUrg*portionoftiepub-FRANCE.theotherdayatSt.Cloud,itwasdeterminedtocreateuoiuin,Uo le attesdp.n im^m _S*'~*c&'i&MM. Ti'te&^i^v. •>A:^^j^:;.;.4>J.r^^4«^^rtmi^^.^^ g|j&'&&&£.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetiMFulton Newo13069www.fultonhistory.com.'.•.'..w^k».**;,Yrk.'> I...M dtr.-ii.*.?.. » \ 