 \°^*** *SraAaagrr-a—A»rmnmthat a suit hat beenCORRE8VONDBNCK.f M -t Wind, from New York; Jeaa Utngeo, fromThe•u if thesaost eiw'-ea hunts for new mining »r elSBerteaced oa tass aide of the continentTBE LATEST INTELLIGENCE.8*.* FaaiKnoo, Feb. l l - « P. M-marrow* trews.(taea tbe mail ton, steamer Golden Age, w »TlteSpringCampaignlaHewHampshire.OVH 8PBC1AX<?Zi7i*H tacommenced b y YTmV C Barney against Marshall O. Ro- The Coming MUttiM ia A » > Bm^Aire-ltuctMty <f tkeDrawings of the Delaware State Lotte- ries.WOOD,EDDT4GO,Managers.attendthefuneral,Uin(Sunday)aftonwon,freafherla*> residence. No. 4 South Eighth street, Williamsburg. F u - neral service at two o'clock P. M. at the fiVfermed Dutch church, corner ofFourth and Smith Second streets.MoNRoa-OnSaiorday morning,March8,ofcooiump lion, HJBKT A. Moaner, aged 21 years.Dearett brother, thou bast left us, Here thy loss we deeply feel-But 'tis God tbat has bereft oa, HecanaOoutsorrowsheal.Therelativesandfriendaofthefamilyarerespectfully invited to attend his funeral, from hte mother's residence, 86WestThirtieth street,onMondayafternoon,attwo o'clock.Troy papers please copy.Mrixair —On Friday, March 2 , after a lingering illness, SAJICKL MrLUjr, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 29years.Ml8CKLLANBOVja. rEEFKcT ritfura,M.lf!l^artV«rNooaday, from Boston; Emily EarnumD*Mcrm-.Motm*«* tf A c i£*t*ioam-Prtndetriial <te**o*—Poputorrerfarmen-P<M>rPie,:tm OXMon—Dsxtv/ASB—Kxtiu CLASS,jNo. 197, MABCHS, 1860.68, T&\20, 23,41,29, 26,57,3,6.43,45.,Dsiji> *A«a—CLASS NO. 106 MARCH 8, MSB,65. 61, 25. 69. «2, 38, 45, 6, 31, 12, 44, 43. Circulars sent free */harfe by,addressingWOOD, h^DY s CO, Wilmington, Dekware. Gentlemen's Hata.av'One of theLeadingmerits of Kapenseheid's spring style istlttO is the absence ot alleaaggeratlcnInitscontenation,AUthedetailsteemto assimilate to each other In perfect tjmmeuT-N. E*n^NOHEID, Manufacturer of gents' bats, 118 Eittau street.ranted to tit, only at 404 Broadway.w t intlmprmait Conflict Among theMiasmas, •$.., ef*OfertOM^tmmicaifor 0 0 *fffaaipa**I****' C**-» . M i ! ( M * » without change.W^im rEO« THEBANDWICR IBLAKMJ ^ L i i T i d from tb. Sandwich Islands era to the ***? toUatoo « • * • d'to* ooaaiwm from the* k ^ e J w r w » mfliitod by KiDf lUmakamah*. **K**T* Hoaeram, January » , ehipa Zero, from1A* "!^ lTjUetbett, from Saw Bedtord.* 3 • * ? • i - ^ ^ * * ' a***** 7, ahlpFrytoth J w W l**£-*. lataad N«vea»ber*»• » *» »««*»r-• J 5 3 would miltorHampton Boada December 10. •«w I WLKOisiiATcai:.TbeStateelectiontakesplaceonTuesday,tbe13thInst. It M a a important event, aa y o u truthfully remarked In tbe BnALD a few dayn ago, when taken in connection with the Presidential campaign. This is the first Statep'0B-••state.AUU.IT, March 8, I860. Iamendment to tho Hell Gate Pilot billtbe morning.The Rights oroar Citlxens Abroad. MB. CLOVKB TO OHM.CAS8.No. 6 Sorra WIIXUX SnutfT,) Nsw Y ou, Feb. 28,1869. /To tbe Hon. Lxwa CABS, Secretary of state, Washing- ton, D. a —fcut—At an American citisen aad merchant, peacefullyengaged In mercantile business between this country and Nicaragua, I respectfully beg leave to lay before your Ex- cellencycertainfactsregardingmypositionandaffairsout Ingredients, while tbe scum that rises to the surface iadaily growing thicker and blacker. Tha republicanshave opened the campaign with commendable spirit, andthus far have had things pretty much their own way, thedemocrats preserving a "masterly inactivity," which, Inthe present state of pollcal affairs, is quite unaccountable.l"hj, and the bill pasted.^'ajrXead Mexpey'a »•»» l ^ K preference, la the»*t otartt of N>w York, to caaoa In which servants 2TSorertartpliiatiflBforwagea,waapeaeed.Assembly.AiBAjrr, March 8 , I860.Perhaps they Intend to take their opponents by surprisebyandby,andastonishthemselvesandtherestofman- rally,thatahehasreopenedher•howlrooiBt,318Oa&alstreet, 23 Columbia streets, between State andJoralemonA atajorfty of the Committee of Ways and Meana report-edthebilltoKiag»UrailroadslatheStatecompetingwitheutH. The bill waa made lb* special order for Wednee with that country and its people; but before doing s o l i»r text A minority of the oommittee w in present an. take tbe liberty of here quoting tbe language of your Ex-of her early days, and to the paths in which her people were wont to walk in the days when Isaac Hill proclaim- ed the law and the prophets through the columns of th e Patriot and Statesman, "with none to molest or make him afraid."French Flowers. ^Tbe show reins bava been enlarged, and such improvemen** added, that Mrs. a . feela confident they cannct be sur- passed by any establtihaaent In the city. By her increased fa ellltlesforthemannfaetrtreandImportationofMillinery,Mrs.CXRRR BRB RRR BRR BRR BRBBUR RRRjj 11 ri'i'inrriT TilITTIT TTTIT TlTTfrrrrinrMADE TO MBASCRK,r O R NINE DOLLARS;advene reportanx* aaroamt KAVOUABLY.Te authorise double railroad tracks on tbe Brooklyn andjmajf-flaek*road. ToconsolidatetheBrooklynBail- iota aad me Brooklyn and Jamaica Railroad.Tie aiil to repeal the law exempting clergymen from taxation was reported adversely.A large number of biUa were introducedByMr. rYi.ua (rep.)—To prevent the issue of free rail- read passes to officers o f the State.The United States bcltev© R to be their du'y, and theymeantoexecuteIt,towatch over thepersons andpro-pertyoftheircitizensvisitingforeigncountries,andtoin- feather,boundto•'makebaywhilethesunshines."TwoBy Mr. Marfrasos (dem.)—To legalise the ordinances oftheOnrnmonCouncilofNewYorkrelativetofilling waken lots.Volgtlandera thSon'e Opera and Marine Carge House.Singer's Sewing Mnehlnes, for Families, taSors, and all nunufassuring purposes, are unnqaailed. They are capable ot doing more work and ot earning more moaev. than any machine la market Tbe family machine, at 460 and 475, are attracting nnlvsnal attention.I. M. BIN'JKK A CO.. 4M Broadway, N. V ..190 Fulton street, Brooklyn.Twentythirdstreet.Also,theverybeatShirtstbatcanbemade,93each.per dozen are mistaken. Bere Is the cost of one doren $18 In*shiris:— SOyardsofYorkMillsmuslin,atI4)jcenUperyard.... S4SSI have been threatened with a similar fate if ever I shouldventuretoreturntothatcountry—notbecauseI total less. The James Miller has arrived here in a da- have ever Interfered beyond my just rights as a merchant, aa I have always, like Mr. Lawless, !w n neutral in poli-UseParsons'RoachsndBatRxterinlna. tor. The money viUlbe returned if u> aucosasfuever <;uick to adopt any new article wh>. li baa undoubted 1 ir :,t ,:' (ieilcatefflavor,not i.> be round In otber sauces. It ia merit, Hough troperly suspicious of high flown and bigh- rronftrcet! by connoisseurs to be tho only good sauce. Askp'l-edarticles,ofwhichextravagantUiingBarepremisedWe frl.otdWard'sandtakenooilier. P"-!deverywheretiTre- bftve never ekhxed wonders for THE SHILI.INO HAIR tail groeeis and fruli dealeis. Wbileraie by eiFO H BAst-IONIC, we have simply stated It as "fully equal toaony other FtF.T T, dealer in pure macerated Ppicea. 46 Tiro&dstreet, NewB.aged condition, bringing the captain and crew of the Galena.And1deemitpropertostatethatonmypreviousvisit to Nicaragua,inlS68,solejaonprivatebusiness,asan executor of an English merchant (Mr. Jonas W . Glen- t o n ) , w h o l i v e d a n d d i e d i n t h a t c o u n t r y , I w a s s u b - The United Rates mall steamship Star of the South ar- jected to the grossest insults by the nativo soldiers,York.ARAVTT LA—PRICE ONLY TWENTY-FIVE CIRTB— MCuresba'dneaaandpri-ducesbea.Hiful*;oa»>curia.l*dies, ure tt, »rd pa frM from •'auuruft.Sold by aUeru&gista. F. Pitta. 768 Htoadway, retail dsrctiB e r t e e k P a r k , 13 a m i 1 5 P a r k r o w ; C b a t l e s E r n e s t A O a . , S J Maiden lsae.PERRY'S JAPANKSBBOOT AND SH(^B 1'0U8H.8PI ENDID CiLOSB— NO RUBBING—he'jILB NOTHTB«l.8oittcver>where. JA.PAKES.K POLISH (X>, 417 Broome street, one door West ot Broa4wag4,rpFi VINE aEOTlERi! (XJMPANY OF CoGNAaCAPITAL THREE MILLION!-; OF FRANC8.Tbe CnrNT DF PAINT-LEOIKR. Preaidest. JULES DURET, Esq , Manager.Acei'T in raw TfKr, JoHN C-8BORN. No, 45 Eearet slreetTi'.feorprraH-u,numbering-smonfsi"i«tar*hotferskaa* teen btoxired pn-prietors of the b«itviiifeiti«j'1U In tLe curiilstat C<-.g.it,itsexteiisttees;tbi!>i.ioen,s^e-rglocatnotetbaaaatlt oftaetowiofihatnance,wasorgb.i>Uedfortht.expressrear p< <*. of malnlainlns Use s'ardwd character ofiniitedtoaUiLJthef..Le;al trern thensidenco oftcr (ippi<pii.ii;.. Psii.te.-s\pi'r.rtlsl*fed!•ei-pecilr..',-'lie'i!for h,io't:teofrrculat'-Astocenfinelistia:-farinsesenUretyi father. ?3 Feve-sth street, m Monday afternoon, at two wafebli.tf ihtlr hn-stes Stairsmaj a';s"be PirecinaUv removed the PraatJy crown wnhin the diftnc*. of Ccgftso, ard <TheStaraf theSouth at Savannah. SavAjrxaa, March 3,1860.ived below Uus morning at two o'clock. All well.E x c h a n g e .Ptiii-AnjaJTru, March 3,1860.Sight dra'te cu New York at par.Markets. PHILADELPHIA STOCK BOARD.rtnioDiriPHiA, March 3,1860. Stocks fl m. Pennsylvania Slate fiv«a, « S ; Reading railroad, M»X; ilcrris Canal, 61 J,; Long Island Railroad,U K ; Persylvaala Railroad, 38'».BALIMO^E, March 8,1380.F.our fi-m and active. Wheat active and advanced 2e ; unite » l SO a »1 60, red 81 35 a 81 38. Corn active anllc.higher;white70c.a73c.,yellow73c.a743.Pro-vaioas dufl; mess pork 819, whiskey heavy at 24>£c. PHiLtDSLraiA,March3,I860.Floorarmbutquiet. Wbeusteady. Oorsunchanged. Provaions qu*et Whiskey steady.<»tw Intelligence.Roasoo r m « > B u n s Latrta 5oL5a--Ott TJwraday evening,ataboutnineo'clock,oneoftheclerksofUl6 Putt Otlice discovered a maa opening a lamppost letter" box, on ths corner of Broadway and Broome street, with skey. Knowingthatcollectionswerenotusuallymadewho, while quietly riding through the streets, would hurl at me such epithets as '* Death t o the American;'' and o n one occasion, at an early hour in the evening, while quietly walking through the streets on m y way home, I w as peremptorily stopped in the most insulting manner by the sentinel, who demanded of me the watch- word, anil o n m.r c mpaaiou explaining that I did not un- derstand Spanish, the reply waa, "fney wouid teash mewith lead "As evidence that tfcere is little or no justice to be eb-tiinedbyprcceediDgsinthecourtsofNicaragua, Imay mention tbat the late Mr. J. W. Glenton, an English mer- chant, was defrauded in h u commercial transactions inNicaragua many \ears ago by a native, who was an in- fluential lawyer, and a friend of the members of tbe g r vernment, which prevented Mr, Glenton from obtaining anyimpartial decision in thecourts in consequenceof'•the direct action of tbe government, or b y its ladisposi- tonorinabilitytodischarge itsdutica" Afteryearaof fruitlesst-tToitstoobtain justicebybgalproceedingsMr.v ell s'tit^' ed wilh cur pro^rest. public attention . ,.g bem v.-AJSTAI BAII o r Tan Potica—Onmembers o f the Twelfth an<i Twenty third precinct polios gave their Orst annual, ball at Rupert s new Assembly Room, Fatty aiih street and Second avenue, abaut tlve h.nJredguesta being present The affair w » in everyK« » 1 CanaltontabestheVostjsr^t&eL „,nltbet the mostJ5r» felT'sateea **** ulSiS?•^aasB»ttg»j mk VJrautnctK*ras?^**•day) afternoon, at five o'clock.Fridayeveningt h eremark, that it is the duty of the Executive to make allnecessary rcpreaentatlooa to foreign govemraento which ttctee*. w»o. a few jeer* ago, were opposed to all purgaUon, iir r-t. Mark's place, this (Sunday) afternoon, at oneDESlKABXaJ \ for DRCG, IMPORTING, HARDW! ARE OB PAPEHV* A B8H< -rSE.-To 1st, with the priji^tje<»f|, , e ireelegaat brown stone Store. No ISI. .ric in 1 eight, with fine baaesaect aad dry sub-eellar, Ms* <.'- r s s weUbglUdacd replete wtth •rtry ocavenlenee T h a§2 006 in t h e Jefferson Insurance Company, on ofthefireisunknownatpresent.berts, Horace F . CteTk and Edwd- W . Uckeraaa, for 82CO,coo, on the allegation that they sold at auction on Monday last the steamships Illinois aad Moses Taylor to C. Vanderblh for $26,000 each, whilst be (Mr. Barney) bid830,000,andofferedtopaytbecash beforethree o'clock that d a y .*aj a auocest, and evtr> thing pawed off to tha entire the Executive had legal power to follow np these repre- tttamotkni of all present. Kobertaea's band v u n sentetions byttw emphrynwat of force, effectual measuresA~COMMIP8ION»B OP DEBTW O P AIT; THK PTATM, :dt*; is regarded aa one of the be~sttsad stoat substaattellf' Lawver. Notary Public and C 8 PALPORT MJRNir. tullt ffitseeitv The sot a more thaan full stse, and the s-battandaace, tbe daaotng being kept up with great spirit throughout th s whole evtaug. Among those present were ax-Recorder Tallaaaego, C -mm?*ssoner Btiley, Geae ralaad DaprrtjSuperattadents PilabaryandCarpenter. and several captalaa oi the foice. At oa* o clock the f«r*aysa«doaBtoaapp*r,wbea a tetterwasreadfrom **>veraor John A. King, ackaowledgiag their poBte iuvi > * ^ . hut rtgiaaang, hit ktability t o be present. Generalto obtain Justice would soon be taken.But tbe employment of force under these drcumstanceawi'e of IlLnford Horton, snd oldest daughter of tbe late V illiam lrontidc, fcqStreet New York_ _ _ _ _ — — —r(\'nr ur.rer the comer building and the spaeckionu:s vaults s a b th streets eaa be let wtth the stare. If deHsired sa lot will besiieet. 28feet widei1by.over 1*6 feet te death tupon which areB a i e y ,DepusySuperintendentTHKFARIWIXI OTMBAMATomat the Academy of Musks yesterday fully verified tbe popularity of thai institution with tba fairer portion of creation. Tbe house was lite- rally crammed wall crinoline, from parquetto to amphl theatre, fta ladies stood three deep in tba corridors, and fought for places like ao many Amaaons. T b e per- formance iaemded tba whole of " ETnam," with Coison, StigelH,FerriandJuaca. Tba performance waa anex eellentone. The prima donna sang very finely through- outf and waa eapectelly fine ia the last act Attheendof the opera Madame Colaon w a a called before t b a cur- tain three times. The second act of " Martha" suocc«led "Ernani." Pattl, BrignoB and Madame Strakosch tung at charmingly at tver, mi tbe matineo waa altogether a vary good one.Ohit nary.JAMSP-uurora, whowaaservingoutastBteoeein tbeNewJerseyStateprison,oaconvictionof revisitingagirl at New Brunswick a few months since, died Ut tbat UMti- tutlon on Friday last of consumption.Jonst-TON._on Friday. March 2, Mra. MAHY JAXI JOIIX- Brooklyn-Williamson Gallery. Pfco- .-T<N wife of Daniel Johnston, aged 21 years and oneBetneen three aad tour o'clock afirebroke out in the tailor's store, wwaad by J. C Boaters. Tbe ore| 7 the ftremea. Mr Seiners aad a ia tbe store •ffjeattoa. Tbe stock Low said to be aboutttfev4 reandtbe« AKILITT'8 BDBNTSHKr HELIX ETED Nr^pTJEg"- Dr . F . O . BoycTE Cmwm w r ^ D r o p a j ^ A a late residence No. 26 Spring ttreet, tfaia (Sunday) after- K Howe's Sinter s, Wteehjr A Wilson s, Grover A Baker's,abte tadeb. .p^ It '%£*££gf* trouMa Thereey 'w'e have sews totrcrA men of great MWtfSZ* + TLre* who bar* nsta t a a **J_J ? ***• te the nger beer saloon in tb ^••"^•wWsX TbenuikUacN/ v 0 0% large stock v t" *" * Mrs. Eber- water about by water _JB» oT No. baiUaag Ma. S8i « owned b y hjaorad- „ Lvt>u S.,Untitled Document"ttonwm**"**Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069D- nmOc»wrM.V-SwO^T'.-^.T"«arwuiiormedSALSCAuroama ,navawAjaa,e s o a o u ,XXJITCCRV AKD *USOQ*I u m u a ,STiraColonel Ray Tompkins. Lieutenant Colonel Henry, M.H RHHHmust prescribe the rule of action. In countries wherewell deflued aad established laws are to operation, andwhere their administration is committed to able and inde-pendent judges, cases will rarely occur where such inter-iabersedor, objecting to th e appointment or Commit vention will bo necessary. But these elements of confi- this State, and it is equally certain that both Lincoln andofChailesand Mary Sprankllng, aged 6 months and 13 days.Of this sad world, where all that's born Most lovely—meets the darkest doom; She charmed us like tbe rose of morn, And pa&s'd as transient as ite bloom.The friends of tbe family are respectfully invited to at- tend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, at two o'clock, from the residence ol her parents, 116 Lewis street.TRAVJS—On Friday, March 2, WALLACS WV-KSR, only ten cf Stephen L., and Kate Travis, aged 6 months and 29 days.Therelative*andfriendsofthe family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral, this (Sunday) afternoon, ;at two o'clock, from No. 142 West Sixteenth street.VISTONV—on Friday, March 2, JOHN G. WESTON, in the °.Slh year of his ape.Mr Miuxx (rep) moved for the appointment of a Cmdire Ctomntee. Laid over.T yards of fine linen, at 60 cent* per yard Making aco. cuttingLaundry, gl; buttons and cotton, &U centa ProfitTotalS tt> e t )l t ei sj> sag oaThe Governor seat In a communication from the Frenchssooers of Deeds in France under the law o f 1868.An attempt to make the Albany and Susquehanna Rail-read bill the special order for Friday next, failed. MrFaun(rep) introduced abilltoamend theact relative to wbarvee 'and piers b y reserving to theirowners, if also agents o r owners o f lines o f stoamboata, •nips or vessels, the exclusive use of such wharves, piers or slips, and imposing doable wharfage upon all shipsorrapying the same against the will of the owners. It ob'ges harbor masters to comply with the wishes of cwnera In such cases.Tbe motion to make the Personal Liberty hill the spe- cial order for Friday failed.Adjourned UIl5g*JJsjlay_even!cgHirer.dence and security are not every where foond ; and when that la unfortunately the case, the United States are called upon to be more vigilant in watching over their citizens, and to interpose effl ">ntly for their protection, when they are subjeered to tortuous proceedings by thedire:taction ofthegovernment, orby its i&dnpoaition or inability to discharge its duties.Taking this noble and patriotic language as the basis oj my present communication, I respectfully appeal to your Excellency, that as an American citizen, having large sums o! money and considerable property legally andjustly due me by the citizens of Nicaragua, I can obtain no satisfaction or redress, for the reason they are in a country where "there are n o well denned and cstablisbe 1 laws In rperatlon," and "where their administration isBanks will be prominent Convention.candidatesbeforet h eChicagoPARKmtSBrao, Vs., March 8 , I860.Thewater in the channel of the river at this point, and not committed to able and independent judges.''.WALLACH—OnSaturday,March3, Dr.W.W.WALLACS, aged 6( years--.MACHIMRB. Price ff0 cotnp'eie warranted to fire entire saharactioo.Offce 4d» Broadway.Local agents wanted Aelcreas 1). J. LfcVY, K.ipe'1si(or two hundred miles below Pittsburg, is twelve feet And I would most respectfully further represent to your deep, and rising. There are daily departures for the Fxeeliency, that in tbe endeavor to establish and recoverThe funeral will take place on Monday morninir from Defiance Salamandtr Safes—With P a - the residence of his son, No. 116 Bank street, attenmy rights, we (myself and partner) "are subjected to tortuous proceedings," either by the "direct action of the government of Nicaragua, or by its indisposition or in abilitytodischargeitsduties.''and would further state, that one or more individuals whoarelargelyindebtedtous,asmerchantscfNicara- gua, are themselves acting magistrates in the indicia! courtsofthatcountry,aswellasinfluential andpersonal friends of the President Martinez ana the several members of his Cabinet, b y which circumstance w e a r e precluded voked. Parker was a Prussian by birth. The rowdies from having justice accorded to us, and in consequence of which my business hat been seriously interfered with and bnkencp,causingandcompellingmetoleave mycoun- try and proceed there for the purpose of seeking jus- tice; a n d before taking m y departure, I should feel greatly relieved to receive from your Excellency some assurance that m y case m ay come properly before the American Minister now resident at Nicaragua, as otherwise I have every reason to believe the people and government of Nicaragua will pursue the came triflicg, ambiguous, faithless a n d unsatisfactory courseofactionwhichtheyhaveeverdone,andforwhich they have ever beeu proverbial. There is yet another and ptlli more serious matter, which on the present occasion IIra W. Coikine, a student in the Methodist Biblical- In- cannot omit to mention to your Excellency. Tbe late Mr.G4G6Uroadway, New York.162Fultonstreet,Brockiyr. Fdward and John Versafelt ;also the members of Teuto- GKNT1.KMEN, IF YOU HEBIRB TO WALK BASEOhiotad Mississippi landings.ZxitRiKniR —On Sa.urday,March 3, at seven o'clock, of dreppy, after a long and severe illness, JACOB ZKIIRINOER, aged 68 yeais.KtilKELKtS FAMILY SEWING MACHINES. Tbe beet In cse.Brutal Homicide at Philadelphia. PIHLADHLPHU, March 8,1860.Herring's Patent Champion Fire sodbnrg!arproofSates, t&lBroadway,cornerofMurrayThefriendsofthefamily,altothoseofhissonsinlawAbrutalhomicidewascommitted herethis morning. JohnParker, a cartman,wasbeaten todeath bytwo young rowdies at a lumber yard. The attack w a s unpro-tnrr ush life, call en J. R 1 ATE, 477 Broadway, where yoa wtii be eottdcirtable te your Boots. Panan—aFiaw Depot.HIGHLY IMPORTANT MEDICAL A N H PHYBIOLO- gical work, wbieb ail ghould read, as It hxparts Wrowle«'j5Si never before published. It contaira over four hundred pagasi andnearly 100ergravlnga. Priceflmail'd.andsoldbyIL0 LAWBENCE, No. 1 Vtsey street, Aator House.TF YTTU WANT A OCOD PAIR OF BOT'« BOOT1 sjAIg,uiefill. ForralebyBARNkSAPABK,13and1«Ps rowbndalldrcfatata. Price26c,50c.andfl. Cepot dt'phlb. Pa.TS PTEPLPPIA CCRAPLEr 1 Answer, when yon have triedBRYANT'S STOMACH BITTERS. Have you r.eivous debility!'Barry'e Trtonpherotu la t h e Beat a n dataeapwat arttele for fceasaag, beantifytag, eleRastcf, ecriing.preserving and restoring the aair. Ladles, try & Sold a, ail jndirir,i:gly prepared, »tib great skiil highly perrnmed, and 1 hure made chpmica! ejamlnatlon of a bottlt-of liryant'elave not yet been arretted.The Mayoralty ofItlea.rjncA, March 8,1880.but otherwise he would not receive a single vote In the cases of debility, dyspatsia. flatulency, Ac. IrefertoDr.(biltcn,ofNewYork;DrsBooth,OarnettCon\entioa from this Stato. Under these circumstances and Camac, of Philadelphia, and Dr. Hayes, of Bcston, who tt is not difficult to perceive that th e democratic vote of have analysed ItTHE SUILLlfc'O SERIES. SPECIALADViltTISEMRNT.1 ai J. H TAIK'S. i-n Broadway. A larga stoek aiwwf• oa band,ofhisownma&uiaeiare,madsInteameetisieisi'«ai styleDeWittC.Grove,the democratic nominee, isthe only candidate for tbe Mayoralty, Calvin Hall, the republican candidate, having refused to run.New Hampshire will not be divided in the approachingctnva«E, unlessultra Southern ground shouldbetakenby the Convection, and an objectionable platform be laid London, Clnh Saurx —This tfnrlvailed It bivlrfr Veen the intsntion of the proprietor of the * Shillingdawn, in which case, although there might not bo a Sauce, manufactured by Parker, Bros, I.cndou, eaa be ob- Articles,' frem 'be outset, to introduce into general use qi;i'« a IT SKLIS AND CCRFJ»-PROF. DE OBATH 8 KLXO-Fatal Accident atConcord, Ff.H. Cosootn, N. H ., March 3, I860.wouldbetnelightestevercaftintheState.The " irrepressible conflict" between capital and labor cow raging in Massachusetts does not seriously affect the manufacturing interests of this State, although the operatives in our factories, as well as the shoemakers, are beginning to believe tbat their blatant republican employers and over- set rs are not altogether sincere in their shrieks for free- dom, and think that if they were disposed to see they might God the "GrecKsat their own doors." Tho cen- s o r s h i p w h . c h i s e x e r c i s e d o v e r t h e t h o u g h t s , e x p r e s s i o n s and actions of tbe operatives in our various manufacto- ries, does cot accord with the loud mouthed professions oftlieirrepublicanemployers,andaspiritofrebellionis developingitselfwhichwillbefeltattheballotboxatthe approaching election. The eyes of the white slaves of the North ar« being opened to a proper sense of their true condition, and they very naturally reason tbat charity should begin at home. Tbe management of the several cotton and woollen manufactories of New England is such that it is both difficult and dangerous for,an operative to give free expression either in word or)deed to his thoughtsaudtentnr.entR,for,shouldhetherebyincur th« displeasure of bis master or overseer, he knows his doom, and that is an instant discharge, which virtually prevents his obtaining work upun any corporation in New England, for the over- seers ofthevarious companies have anarrangemen among themselves whereby an operative who has Incurred t h e d i s p l e a s u r e o f b i s e m p l o y e r a n d b e e n d i s c h a r g e d , o r on? who, of his own accord, quits a company without due nrtice and corscrt, cant ct obtain employment in any of the mills in New England. This is a rule which, 1 believe,is auhered to in all tbe corroratccs, and ite effect uponthe freedom ol thought, speech and action of the opera-street. ThisarticleIssuperiortotheWotratterstiresauee, aud ean be obtained at one-hail!.the price.'i-.icfp;ri-s-,i•«toannouncicaasnowreadytbethirdandfourth Hems which will be found, he thinks, of <-uually as popular a charae'er as either of 'be prece<iip«r. The SHILLINO INDE-stitute, of this city, was killed last night by being thrown frcm a hand ear In which he was taking exercise.D e a t h o f a C a n a d i a n P o l i t i c i a n . TOROSTO, & W , March 3,1860.John B. Lawless, an American citizen and merchant, who was so barbarously and brutally murdered in the city of Granada, while it was occupied by the allied forces—and the facts of which murder you have been ful'y furnished by Mr. Wm. Carey Jones and the late Gen. Lamar—was a partner of mine and aoug business with me at the time of his sho^kitg assassination We are advised by oar Ame- rican correspondent, in late letters received from Nicara-RECAPITULATION OF TBE SHILLING SERIES. IAiibwer. when vou havn tried Bryan's Stemarh Rittert. Read ihe following certificate, by I)r .Tames K Chiltou:—Hon. James Creoles died yesterday, at his residence inWtst Flamboro. He waa one of the oliest members of gua, that there IB a "settled hatred" against us and ailde'etrrRtisingredients. IcanKe'nmcixl Ittothosewhs rt'imre the use of a gf nt'c sflmtilant to givei.onetothe eiomaeh.the Lrgtalativc Council.C o l l i s i o n a t S e a .Nsw OsxaAsa, March 2 , i860.The schooner James Miller, from N ew York, colliled on the 14th instant with the schooner Galena, from Trinidad bound for New York. The Utter vessel la aother foreigners engagedin business there,whichpro ceeds from a little jealousy and opposition to their com- mercial enterprises;andILave everyreasontobelieve that it was ton •'settled lmlr-a" against tbe late Mr. John B. Lawless and bis enterprises, on the part of th > native merchants of Granada, which finally resulted in his cold- blooded and cruel assassination.1B K HH1LL1HG HAIR TONiC wsa the first of the celebratedtical affairs, but because, like him, I happen to be engag cd in business witn Nicaragua.H o l l o w a y ' sand Flalu'aB originate In cosilven«>sa, overstraining or ESijlected appealsofiiiktu'e Theseremediesrniow.eiln*st:u.••(•!.:.i1 invigorate tbe bowel*, and a few external applications of the Salve wdl eradicate the Piles-M a r r i e d *IIorCH—SAMIER ~ I n this cdy, on Saturday, March 3 ,at Hr Vun Ness' church, on Twenty 4U-U street, br tUe Rev. Dr. Ilnlbert, of Yoi;Wcr?, Mr. CHAS. V. HOIVH, ofkind." even when sold at doable or quadrcple Its price. This posiiiru we still maintain, and wish to press It upon public no- tiecwi'h urditclclsbed force. In the composition cf THE SHILt1NOFalR TONIC,nonebutthebeatmaterialsare e<*c ; all Inferior ones are scrupulously avoided, and especially bfive we rejected a number of articles which to our knowledge a r e u s e d i n o i h e r L a i r c < m p o u n d a . a n d w h i c h w e k n o w t o b e deleterious. It has been our-alm to produae an article worthy to fW. a p)si-e in eveiy family, and at a price which should &/H t<- its popularity. W e thii.k tb«be obj«cu are txUh tuilille»l, and, if. iVr a svrtem of energetic pushing, we lo^-k for us gerersl lrir<x1uet:on at no (JUtant day MasBwhlie. WP areTbeCoaratTT I),EKOU GCAIOS, SEYECTT-THIRD Racniivr,STAT» ISLASD—The above Company on Thursday even-ing teat presented to their lite captain, William Corry,Esq., a superb gold watch and chain, aa a token o ' their Selection of I860—tbe anatf ostarier of thojreat coatost- highesteemaadrespectforhimaaa citisen,asoldier,nnnH HHHUHHM HBH o BHHHBHHHH HHH BHBHRHHH HHHUHHHH BirH BHH HHH BHH HHH HHHWeed,Adjutant M P.O'Brien,and others. Tb*nativi- nighticcanrations,containsavarietyofmixedandpoison- ties of tb* evening were kept up until tbe small hours ofnel travelling Shirts, also Under Garment*and Hoatery of every description from the beat Rnsttob manufactories, at J ACk SON £r\Mli*'» Shirt Warehouse, 6*7 Broadway?Per Arago. a ease of Jonvlna Kid Gloves jntt opened, at JACKSON 4 PUBDT'8 Shirt Warehouse, 617Broadway.Madame MailingsBegs leave te inform her patrons, and the public gene-Tbe friends snd relatives of the family are requested te attend the funeral, from the residence of his mother, No. 64? Seventh avenue, (hence to the church of St. Francis Xavier, Sixteenth street, near Sixth avenue, oa Monday mornirg, at half past eight o'clock,RAYNoim—in Brooklyn, on Friday, lurch 2, of con- sumption, PATRICK RATKOLDS, in the 3£th year of his age.The relatives and friends of the deceased are respect fully invited to attend his funeral, from his late residence,mm o* mnritinimmuuunun ram UIIITIUII1IZRRRERBRE ORBJl UUBB a BRR RRRBRR BRERcellency 'a despatch to Gen. Lamar in the summer of 1868, wherein you say :—the democracy have not bad so good a chance to retriev their fame and tbe State as they have in the present cam- paign. Their Inactivity at the present moment ia, there- fore, a mystery.M.B.—Mr Railings being now tn Europe, all tee novelties produced In Paris will l a received monthly.Strangers In the City Should Not Fall to visit lie Phrenological Cabinet and Museum of FOWLER A WBULS.3MBroadwsy. Heremaybeteen(admissionfree) busts and casts from tbe beads of many of the most distln- rrni*hedandnotoriousmenoftbeage—statesmen,Orators,fht lotopbera. Murderers, Thieves, Ac.. 4c. Complete Phrenologi- calrieifneauonsofCharacterwithfulldescriptionsgivenwhen desired.atervene for their protection when such action is justifiedby existing circumstance* and by tho law of nations,wherever thsjr citizens maygo through thehabitableglobe. WhenTney encounter Injustice, they may appeal tothe government of their country, and the appeal will beexamined into, with a viewto such action on their behalf IJncoln, I understand, intend to stump the State. Whe-_ 8IZaa it may be proper to take. It Is impossible to define inadvance and with precision those .cases in which the na*ti Dual power may be exerted for their rehef, or to whatextentreliefshallboafforded;circumstancesastheyarise aprivatespeculationuponthepartoftheaforementionedOB. eiNGLT. fl 60 E*CH.rsntedasgtod a Bhirt as sod In retail (tore*stga K each.Glenton Una'ly laid his e v e before Mr. Chattleld, the EnglUhMinistertoCentralAmerica, whocalledtheatteati-iaof the Engl U'. government to the subject, which v jed intheblockadebyanErglishfleetoitheportsoi"Nicaragua, blemaniagewh.chtock[dacehereafewyearsago,died and lite fa'ueit mdemmoc*iion.(<uhtrlaiafpr f -irsiT'cucedSti"p.i>«^ftu'»'^D'>es.fich»s>i,.',uiier.taHew.isr,Wtkfibdle,ffet>ii-,>'iits Ac.itssharpf-rt.*-!!ditfipe?rprapidlysoonafterbfIrr sppiied—not?a«>eis|pfl open Ike fabric bv Btrvu-e; unlUo :,irpentir.e ci.mphene»n' rt.n-- r.iter old fntvh red a't'cle* vised for removing 'tots.lorcleiiTiigelitesitiscspltaily rC»;td: ind:ed,tt-iaisoneof i's n • Mi.sef-'.l ', i.r-.osi?; ibelr e.nor it r.i l ct .ixeti ty its toou>respondents In foreign coublrlea, and is bour-d d/ wn IIamabouttoproceedtoNicaragua, asanAm>ricaa citizen in a foreign country, seeking for justice only, and t'or'wirExcellency IconfldetUjaortal andclaim thatprotection,"alchtemydl1°o'cloci., without further invitation. On~<LiiNitiiNiay,Harch8,alterapainfulillness,JOHN C.-IN. P vatits) of C" micil, county Tipperary, Ire- land, Biif I f.S yenr|.;f Hitirirt.esaidace|iiRrtance<'arere«r-ctfu!lvInvitedtott- irceh;e«of vneyardslc that b''-;bjy favr»d locality coaoitxMJwhateveradmiuixtsJr.toitssu.r,-b<.aaesai>yBract; •••'....t may Lave been froduoed withoct tae ucaits of iatt.vl lit tiLcra*. this itinai1) alterne^n, at two him with him when a policeman evne up. The clerk in- Rev. Mr. Ferguson" Mr Carsteoi, and other iu^'?3«nt Ame extraordinary mesalliance (as be considered it) of hi3 o'c;< ck, frr m h.s lat. re=!f'tn^e. 1^5 C;cen» icb streitat that hour, he collared the man, and was about takingTne blood o*Wt!l" B- !<**!«««. the Rev. Mr. Wheeler,Fi .-ff mVles, the Berztre is put np In lirjcr bred botits. Cuied States, TBE VINE OROWWR^:• CoatPANY ha* eellu ^ b'. T5 rer's. 60 cents and ore di/lsr—tbesv hold much sutler ltd tbe f-fctney tn iter Tcrk lo rot up their ehra6s*sated that the policeman should arrest him—that the man ricaos, still cri-?e a'oud to Heaven for retribution. Myd i d n o t w e a r t h e o f f i c i a l c a p a n d b a d g e w i t h " U . S . M a i l " o n p r e s e n t o b j e c t i n s e e k i n g p r o t e c t i o n t o a v e r t t h e u n t i m e l y w e i g h e d o n b l m t o n o s m a l l e x t e n t , p e r h a p s h a s t e n i n g t h e it—that Urn bag he had was not the one the collectors are and terrible fate which these innocent men wero ^doomed fatal effects of the malady to which he fell a victim. Itwillberemtmberedthattbe course bepursued atthetime,withaview toannul thefreeactofhisdaughter,And 1 have the honor to subscribe myself," your Excel turned for him a notoriety which must have been any- GRAHM.of cocsu»pt or, ftn^Titer of widow KHzabeth-C< yt.se lirsrdy TN CASE8 OF ONB DOTBN FPIX STXxFB) M' - T l 1 1 S E A C H , a r d t t e J s s m e w I D b e d i s p o s e d o l l a t h t ir-de srd rwbUo by it* nr.dermentiflted r.-apeetabls flrmah.erybesneissealeflwithtbeeapanlsofthecompany-eh* <«~Ttnb*trt»?psame»:amp,axdtheTab-'"*eoBUioanexaetos>obligedtocarry;buttoaoavail;thepoliceman thought itwasa-riskybusiness"thustoarrestamanhavingnosemblance of a right to spaa the box ! T b e m a n was al-lowed to depart with bm booty, be having taken out ofthat one box some thirty letters. The c«erk next morning lenc} 's mou obedient servant, repottedthetacts-tothePostmaster. I'pon consultationCRAH.IM—ItCrgrklyn,onFriday,Ma'ch 2,M:SRMART :1rt'td•••<»l;etfl TtertelitacTofthisliipjldIsschthaic»iepp.lt:tonoftbeitiahty,dulyr«Be>''Wfaralalia,bythssstartit was deemed expedient to view th e persona in the em- p l o y a f J o h n B . M u r r a y , E s q , c o r n e r o f C a n a l a n d E l m streets, «ho is the contractor for putting op the boxes throughout tnecity. Uponentering hisoffice,tbe r ' « k a t o n c e p o i n t e d o a t t b e m a n w h o m he saw open the box on the previous evening, andbewasImmediatelyarrettedbyMr.Hailett,super- tfihm&stu £ s carriers' de;i4.-tme.it in the Pott Office.Ipsa being confronted with the fact),he a* once confeseel tha robber T . sad a aeries of robberies o a BroadwayD E F A X T M S X T o r S T A T E , \ WASmverru.v, March 2,18'M). JMrBKKTR.V5T)CIQVEK,No.0SouthWilliamstreet,New York—SIR—Ihavereceivedyourletter oftho26thultimo, and have to inform you that a copy of it will be immedi- ately forwarded to Mr. Dimitry,the Minister resident of the United States In Costa Rica and Nicaragua,.with ia-tentf.icrruiif»iiuf t o r n t h e t r t d e r c i l e i t e d .boxesKhce the 1st of Fetemary, the day site/ he pur- %StruotiOBS to afford yon all necessary protection, by proper 1jaedthekey from Mr. Murray, which was a sampleandEID:claw.lobnMerchant,arcrespectfullyInvitedto atundthefneraljftomh.slitereiideuco,No.286West Twenty Out ttreet, en Monday afternoon, at lour o'clock. 1 he re inline will be tak. n to PeekskiH for interment, on Tuer,'ay renning, at Lslf pa-1 seven oVleck.OATRP.—On Frietsy evening, Mrrch 2, at 85 East Thirty- second s t n e t . EiTiii-iii.i Cni'B-TixA. daughtsr o f James Charles and E. zabttli Gates, aged 2 yeais, 10 mculhs and i.6'.'ays.BKM>BK-I:S — e>n Friday, March 2 . JrireT E. nrvoRinr?!, only dar.gt.ur of the late Win H. Hendricks, or Cliarles- ton,S. C.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to aiitnd the funeral, this (Sunnay) afternoon, at two ti'c'ork, from the rtsidence of her aunt, Mrs C. A Melville, No M Prince street, Brooklyn.Cbaiie6tfjn, 8. C , and Rhode Island papers please copy.BARILAXTI —On Palurday. March 3. Mrs. PARAH HART- tAsn, the wife of the late Arthur Fartland, Esq., of Cork, Ireland, aged r!8 yeais, at the residence of her son in- law, D Wcodr.ouse. E*-<iTbe re'athe? and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend tbe funeral, from Lis residenee, No." l'epot tor ibeShiiilEF Articles,ho. 169 Wnter street. New York,keyj held by Mr. Murray for the purpose of exhibiting themerit of the box, he being the owner of the patent forrepresentations to the government of those republics, while pursuing your lawful business there.WiU meet withat'.emion-this city. The name of the individual is Daniel F.i CkSTATNCTRKFOR i \ y)].T», P1IKS,The letter from this Department to Mr. Lamar or July Hr bat given up all the mmiey in hm poeaeaaua. He has of the President respecting the rights and duties of thePILEa P1LE«.No sffllctlon to whipb ibe human svsttm is stilject calls for giea'.er sympstbv than tb» piles These areof twofrrais—Palmer,residing at 88Chratopher street Tbeyu.ldinbank fells of the robbery on Inuraday night waa $66. 26,1868, to which you have adverted, contains the viewsmoney Deposited te a sav.u s b«nk, ail of which baa been ftelep-aitea since the first roife-r y. l i s ts a manidd man, M.'wasaclerkinMr.Marray'seduocataixdollarsa week. Tha punishment .or toe robWy is v«ry severe, bung sat tees than tea years katna .stae fr, on Tbe prhnaer, on being ukea b:f„f« tbe Cm'.ed S«»ws Com wtastsaor, waived an tx»n cit.oa, and bis c^ee wiil go befors Use Grand Jury oa Monday.can'be surely eradicated ana health perfectly restored Thisthis disease ran be permanently etiren by risingr-R wtTvKa s PILE srp*oriTORYHundreds of pertors in this city were ent.reVy eiredbv rilug It, »nd references will t e given to i ers. nii who were i (liitid with them for twenty years, aid this vtic'.e cured tbem.Soil only at tbe Fowery Drug Store, No. 158, jual above Rrrorre btreet • A6TONIPH1NOLT cnKAP PEOARS, PROM W TO SSOper thousand; Havana, Domestle and Oernaan; cash wholesale bujerscan procure bargahtsO. CHKKKP, 17 BroaJway. A T « f « - POUBI.E a d i , l WATBBFBOOE «JW»D1 h-EI.LB LondonCordial tJln thers-s'«»•»• r*r.^? I v Its mcf trr e use. It Is certalcy a healthy Kierf.e. l>ep e t l i e K a n T w e n t y p i t tfc f r e t t , N Y .T0"LANDLCBD8 AN^ ^»^-^AHTEn.JOEfcaI nusaber or years, in tbe^Jcit-iy J ^ ^tomeet,Ttrustwi;lnotbeunheertedbyyourExcellency. Vfyfather,I«wisTClover,ofthiscity,iswellknowntoMenuaj, [i,mtheicticcnce cf hispaients, NJ. 211 t^evertiiav,nue.thlrcwhirl.ib»vcallPfD7'ne,butwhehinrr>"uyprt.iIMV<«astubebsr»rseonibeti*eewhereuLsar.p'iedasi.*-APIPresident Buchanan.of the c rr.;-sry.'ilr. Prai^tlcu now offered e'taast of two enffeienl qrtiataa.botb r>it-r»ateei to be e<;«a"y pore in quality, din>rto( ctdj f | P«IW i see ard degrees of wrergth dapendlng thereoBi, BBt oldest'.i'-r£treIsaetpeterL CcsdoaertpU.'a,teratddTHB VINE OEIJWSFS' THERM YEARS OLD,I s a . c - e e l ' . e n t a r t i a e J l e e o o f f t t h b e e a a g g e e Kr t p p r r i f a s e e n n t t e w d l , . s s u u i * t a b i s fam'. • cr raed'ftical pcms rpc*««. ai.c anc*> sr sasl'ly la daTHB TINE GROWRE* AMTSDILOVtAN, P.-eal>doraseonntoflaextremeate,aadbesanaethei y e a r <-f l i s a e t u a l p r o d v e t t o n i s b e y o n d LUSSHMI v t r i B s a t i o n(•i .ccttcas htTu-« bete arged that the bott'ea aretooUrjs. ardileliraadyofagrtatsrstrengththenIseausllysappM| to tfce v nbl'e, tl.e rgtnt of tte s;rr pany vtrturas to express t a t 0).-..»tiatalargabottlemaybepre'arrsdloasmalleriit i that in obtaining tbe trtiele of the asset strea^tb at ttt was exportsd frost Oogras, eonsnxuert taay rsensnlse Bht adiFr.tMeof aeding » liar to suit their o w i teste, txuttetd St ^•rabaateg "Crotoa ' at the prise of brandy.i oi salebyCARHART A BB.O.. « ^tflsdwsy. FRVDBBK'K g i e>ZZEi.P, 7* W'krrer st'«et f ACKETT. BELCH BR A CO . * Psa^' strtst. BALL. DIXON a e-O., U9 Ccasabers strset W. WILSON, tt Bearer streetexternal aid Internal piles. Peraons who are sSiCted with rrUE MTRITIVE PBOPPBTIES 'SS^.'Sr-SLBERTRANO CLOVER. OSVIBAL CA:S' RXFLY.thing but pleasant.rxcrrsKSTOSHABBTHXExntNsr.—The AlabamaHouse d ' e i i n e s t o c o n c u r i n t h e S e n a t e ' s r e s o l u t i o n , a p p r o p r i a t i n g S5O.GC0 to aid Vlrgicia in defraying the expenses incurred by the John Brc *n affair.D i a t v l n g s o f F r a n c e , B i o a d b e n t a i t C o . ' a DelawareI«Me>les:—Bnssix < ouirvT—CLiSS 54. MABCR 3,1MW.7«, 33,is. 70,59,67,35,23,74,60,31,45, 72.ISRAHD COFKOUPAIrr> LOTTIKV— CLASS 11, MAROU 3,1SW . 11, U>, 26, 51, 62, 2, 58, 66, 57, 49. 23, 53. 61,16.FRANCE, RROADHENTS A CO.,Managers, Wilmington, Delaware. t old*. Coughs, Asthma.HKANI P.EtH 8 VEGETABLE UNIVERSAL PILLS. Tbewholfi tberry and practice of medicine m ay i e com- pi!»»d .n tnis: ' full a&d free purgation" wben jou are »ick. and mere or eaa purgation wbin y«u art merely ailing, untilyour health Is firmly establishedBv thus purifjlBK tbe bleed, I assert all curable diseasesGraLan,, a rat.ve Of tt.<* pa- «h of <;almes, county Tyrone, Leland, aged 23 year? arjd 6 rn. nths.Tbe'un.-ralwilltnket'»cvth;s(Sunday) afternexn,at hall pail t^o i, clock, frina the southeast corner of Navy and Tilary t-treits, Biook'ya.Lcndonderry ps|>c!S i-lease copv. CKFKMV—OnSpuri'ay,inarch3,GKORGEGREENJT,int h e f i t h y e a r <•! h i s ^ p e . v .His friiti<'? aLd re'hiives, an-! those of his ton Theodore, tte ar'lcie.United States under tbe circumstances stated, and fromwhich be will not depart. These views have been maio Ucn, perns ps seme Incorporation. IDadopting ft we follow theknowa to tba govarnmenU of thoae republics Whether you have suffered suoh injuries there as demand the in- terposition or Ibis government, ia a question I have n o t the means of determining, but which will eagago tha at tentton or our Minister.From the tenor of your letter it Is proper, however, toeiatopls of Nature herself Doe* she not, to pnrify the air, employ ner h.yh wind storms, her thunder and ligbuilngT A r e net t*e tid»s the dally purifiratort of tre ocean ? Tbe aame law Is appl«eabl* to our bodies in siokress. We remove d'a- e*M» by prrdtictng a commotion, lees or more, In our bowels. thfs me bid Infalltlily curea all CoWa Coughs. Asthma. Kheu- mitiim, Villous A tlee'ions. Costlvsneta, and a<l acute diseases, ted prevents cl rem'e mklautes. Remember. I aaaert tbli after a peifcot nl tiper'eiice oi forty vei.rs. The method, aa purging fw a cure, ia unquestionably icainiin: ground K?en now, phy-upthan ^^VJir.tautrfi/feet. fer tbe rubUeatton offisethe promotion of our dtiseas or their just claims for In- demnity may require. Thai baa beea done to Central America, and as yet with b u t little practical benefit. ITpurge enough for their patient* to appreciate the benefits of tt, and who a'terward* use Brandreth's Puis to effect tbe same object wbe-i they are tick again.But u>ere I"a elaas of physicians who will never forgive me for harttg placed a cheap meana of restoring healthjfluiin the reach of aU. B. BRArtDBETH,Bo.m Canalstreet. No. 4 Union square ard Wo. 29n»Bowery, where the Puis are•old at 25c per bos, and by ail dealers.o'clock.BSALY —In this city on Tuesday, Feb. 28, of old age,Roou at J (ft US'. 10 and 12 Ann street; also at H Freuct calf drtst Boots. N. B.-Call and see them.is a question for tbe consideration and decision of Con Cress,aadtbatbodybaa notthought it propertoTeat such authority i a tbe Executive. „ „ TM „ . «Tt>e relatives and friends of the family are respectfullyTI am, air, your obedient servant LEWIS CASS.at hair pitee, the eol'ed stock of Boota, Shoes and Gaiters, for ladle, gantknien.ml^andeaiter^^ ^ ^ ^frem the residence of ber stepfatbtr, Peter V. Remsen, ii-q , 129 St.i.th Eighth street, Brooklyn, on Monday after- neon, ot two o'clotkW ^ D ? n " ? ^ ? s « 5 t o S « ^ ..n ,v i n p witneswsdBl be soil frcf lr i --.mr rsnee and a mortgtge or other reliable securities willbe IF ken for the purchase auxosy. F o r perxnancnt eHgllsMty ih'f tt ttrai locaiioo car,not be surpasted.Frr terns apply oa tbe prtmlsea or to1. H. UTDLOW A 0 0 , Mo. I ns»»Test,R B-The elegantenrner bufldtog or two kitobeml tar Nstvau ttreet, connecting wttfc the abore stcre. aad which s*»w abt.UvrrrdccUTereBtroUef first elast oer"-*«»- " wd.toaeiheraahihestore.li so wanted U<irstituntn.BTH KNOWINO^-PBOF,WpO£JL^2«-si W°Jed a reaaedy for the gray sadJ^TJ^wl%*r exiNEW YORK HERALD, SUNDAY, MARCH 4, 1860.NASHUANASHTA, N. H., March 1,1880.aadnodoubtaneyesareturnedupontberesultThe two opposing candidates for Governor now before tbe people are Asa P. Otto, democrat, and Ichabod Good-White,theHatter,IntroduceshisSpring style of hat this day, 214 Broadway, opposite 8 t Paul's eh urea.and a m aa. Tha presentation was mad* by LieutenantJames McCormlck, commanding, in a neat aad appro-priate speech, to which Captain Corry replied in an eb-quent aad suitable manner; altar whish the company win, republican, aad the political cauldron hi boitag and French Toke Shirts, a new style, made to order, and *ar- his father, Michael Mullen, 287 Mott street, thiseat down to a collation, when speeches were made b y bubbling away at a furious rate, and. tike the famous ket-(Sunday) afternoon, at tw o o'clock, without further in vitetion.HHHwkle around which tbe three witches performed their mid-MrsRAv—At the residence of his mother, OB Saturday, Per Kangaroo, a case of Kngllth Finn. March8,BKRXARPMraaav.with a large and elegant assortment of Bonnets, both imported kindbybringingNewHampshirebacktothepoliticalfaith andofberownmanufacture. Also,avarybeautiful slockofBtreeta, Brooklyn, tha (Sunday) afternoon, at two o'clock. RYAN.—onSaturdaymorning,March8,MAROAREIAie*. daughter of James and Mary Ryan, aged 6 months and 3days.The relatives and friends of the family are respectfully'bie guns," having, or Intended to have, a bearing upon the Chicago Convention, is of course mere conjecture. Certain it is, however., that the republicans are putting forth herculean efforts to maintain their supremacy inThe delegation from this State to the Chicago Convention will undoubtedly b e divided between Seward and Banks, although the latter is generally the favorite, and would doubtless poll more votes in the State than any man likely to b e nominated b y that Convention. The republicans, however, entertain no decided preferences for any man, but will give a cboerful support to the nominee, let him b o whom he may. They fee! confident of their ability to carry the State on the 13th by from two to three thousand ma- jority, and in the fall by a still heavier vote.Wheeler «VWilson's Sewing Office 686 Broadway, Raw Tors.Mahclnet.—SELF MEASUREMENT FOB eUlBTB.Printed directions sent free every whs-re, and ao easy tn on. deratandtbat anyone ean t»ke tbeir own measureforstarts. I warrant a good lit 'be cash to be paid to tte express cotn-pany m receipt of coods.WART), front London,367Prcadway.upstairs,between White at.d Walker streets.DR. PFAFF, HOMEOPATHIC PIITBICIAN AND S17R- geon, Hotel H. Lenls.lobn Biown's execution some excited citizens of Manchester undertook to give vent to their sympathy by tolling the bells; but Mayor Harrington promptly made bis appearance and put a sudden termination to the beilriDgirgexploitsofthesympatheticBrownitcs.glar proof sideboard and psrlor Safes. Depot 63 Murray attend without further notice. ttreet, comer of College place. BOBHRT M. PATRICK.ROVER A BAKER'SMr. Hughes, his colleague, is a lawyer, and was for- street, Nsw Turk. merlyanoldlinewhip,butleftthepartywhenttfellInto Chestnut the hands of the abolitionists, since which time be has unitorailyactedwiththedemocracy. Uoththesegentle-Grove.CHSSTNCT GBOVE.tiaIxvJge,H.S.,andMarinersLodge,No.23,1O.ofO. F., are respectfully invited to attend bis funeral from his late residence, No. 24 Mott street, on Monday afternoon, at tv.o o'clock.JrfJ^C^JLLAfiiEOl'*. WObDEBl-ULSUCCESS.CHESTNUT WHARTON'S celebrated CHESTNUT UROVK WHISKEY. It ia distilled from the best rye and malt, aud every chemical test has demonttiatedato be perfectly pure and innox!ou«. New Hampshire. Perhaps Judge Minot, his former law Our medical friends pronounce it to be fhe only reliable and partner,whoisadelegate, migbtpossiblyvoteforhlro, heallhTgt'mnlantsuitedtobothsexes. Taeyprescribeitformen, I understand, are for Judge Douglas, and that they will suppott him in the Convention s o long a s h e has a hope of fncctes. Poor Pierce will have no strength fromwho gives direction to tneir every act. Tills fact may in lEorae degree account for the creat crunge that has token place in the pol.tics of New Hampshire during the past six years, for it is a v?ell known fa -t lh:it tbe cotton and wool- 1:n manufacturer? oi the c 'Uutry are republicans for this Teapon,iffornoether—that thepolicy ofthatpartyis (more la* orable to the development or their interests than is that ot the democratic psrty. Cotton is king hero, and his rule is as despotic as that"of any absolute jflouarcu on tie globe.r»»- t t n a r y .MR J.G.EOKEK,MERCHANT.Mr. J. G. EOKIR, a prominent meichant of this city, whoserameisperhapsknown throughoutthelengthand breadth of the land in connection with a somewhat nolaDied.AIIORN —At Orange. N . J . on Thursday, March 1, not-i Af WAUACK AB<>R», wile of Robert W. Aborn and daugh- terofIs:acithcluon,Esq.,olAlabama,inthe39thycar of her ageFuneral from Grace church, Orange, on Mont'ay after- noon, ht. (.be o'cock. Cars y! Morris and EcScx Kaiiioad lea-;,. M half i est eight end half past c'.evtu A. M.B I . K I K — O n F . i i u r d . p . y ' , Mm c h 3 , o f d i s e a s e o f t h e b e a t t ; Mr J'IINC P.'KVR,s^ed (5yearsHis if n:<i:ee will be taken, to Germany for interment.EIKK.—OnSttufaay,March3,n.uTih:A.,caugbterof H< nry A t a d Jiarrict A . 13-rr, ag^d 8 sears, 3 inontU and ?:'. i'aj-'.Therelative?andfrienuSofthefamilyarerespectfullyfu urt otcted up, wtichwe ihinkwul be aiuply rei: orera- !. \ e.'Trice 12cenlsonly. II.7H^ "•!!.! INC BKN7.UF. wag tie *.-cr.d 1 .->m IrtrdueedInite-.^t!!i.INO^EiUr.S,"andweCAIIof.r.iiJei-lls-a»ilr.n.in 9'". > l'v 'ffn placed I rf'.re thp p'lhlic :' r a v e s ' if.,rj : avhiohit-rf to ureful a nature; a hr»-( mei.lienor its ;i- es w il l,'. i (p ird.rk-f i's ''aTrg 'o mirenkl »\r; v r,BK>/iN6-i»auew liquid, lately filreovetei. and the lest t,rH •:vH t'he }e', introcrefd ihat will saisfactr.'lly a awer h- t '' w \ . ( u f » » — P e r t e m o v l r g i w i t h o u t t h e h l i i j h p n i t j u r y t o c r > ! i rf-triiHIP I,reailhidsoti-'.kandvi.-o'lenJ?I»viae\e-iofthe 1vyetterday morning of disease of the heart. The deceased wasdistinguishedasawarmpromoterofthefineartsia thi.* city, and we believe to his zealous efforts the public owe the istablisi nient of the Dtisseldorf Gallery of paint ings. Inlifebewasmuchrespectedandcourtedbyper- sous moving in the highest circles; and it Is said that the'. mi ; hi f rs, rr«ps enprat iocs, mapuscrif'». d.-nv ;• i« pKnsftd fl'kh.d«ofpape't;at)ici;''ar.duseswilloccurtoeverylotifekfeper v herein it will be fciiid lndifpens-tb'e, cifi«-ulinessatirgitIfrsstihec^tofaf.fctII'B KOIrerr.tKt'.nj trtotti'ls rlVl'Tf. earpeta, tf'.le and pinr.-> covers coat coiiar«, Y itb tbe object of extending the Jntt r?patailofi of I ttti*i»-t.'?Ac.noiLtnabise-'trlienfo.in1go.-m"t-V.c- Frsri'jbvmi"Emearsr.rly*swillmeettteapprovalasdea tive Full direetii-Dt with esch bottle. Fold atojM^-r .'i ooeri-tlf t'cf tbe wost respectable wme merohanls hi thedaughter with his coachman, the well known John Dean,rucre ID t r, prrltt n, snd f re espf eiallt ai'aj led wbeie <b« R'raetrcd la tature's remedy; it Is blecply purification, purga-tcsraDhs, mintatort te Ufa size, Otmeo-typea, Daguerreo-numb.The relatives aad friends of tbe family are respectfullyfanes.— -A Ttopes; IH Fulton street.,"',»i.is_MA TCHEBinvited to attend the funeral this (Sunday) afternoon, at PhrenologicalExaminations, showing criero'clock,fromtierlate resideneeNo.96Lewisstreet. thetalytedefSrts»^S&JmT,I*U<m' **"<W,T " KSXCAN.—OnFriday,March2,FANNYKXXTUN,aged80 years, a native of connty LeRrim, Ireland.toWLEB A WIUVi aw Broaoway. Tier fiicnds are invited to attend her funeral from hernoon at two o'clock.A lbs nv papers f»!ea»e copy.KreensER On Ssturday evening, of scarlet fever , Esra.,BA8BFOBD>g_llATOH » n d Btn 'hompson post- A^^tfTtetostat7toWP.«. M9toramstreetSewCall and see evidences at Ma 101 O r . M a r s h C o n t i n u e s t o A p p l y h i s » • « * -Jli e««rv description of Needles constantly on hand or made loorder. B«MLE1T A CO needle saanufaaturera aad 1st- portsrs <H Brosdway, N. T .Franklin street, K^ ^Card Special.halt, and eldest sen of EmU and Augusta Klrchner, In the sixtn CARBON FILTER8-A TAJ.9ABLR INVENTION FOR ago A syear of his age. . . „ , . » , . manufacturers aad the public generally, adapted toby- matnrtand MAxvortL—Oa Friday, March 2, Jw. T. ltar»mi. mtne dranta band and skta~~ p-.mpa: also, steiioisary and portable,86th yesr of bis age. __, <unm h t . T'cHed states Carbon liter Company, let Broadway, Raw terslaadiaeouijjg- - j ^^ scjteted. BratawlLartonah —This Superior Tonle and Udles Solacelatorsale atNo.4Unionsquare; T.T.Green's.tlreet. aad at No. 2M Canal streetw ) . r S 5 i l K ^ ? C T . S a iJsUsta^ •» t**r**& tvtets Also^ » ( ^ O ^ t a , a t J .fc.talAViitat ir-iaa*.His relatives and friends, and those of his brothers in- law, Hugh McCaffrey and John McDermott, a r e respect- P. T . S.—BalIon's Patent Imprared fully invited to attend tbe funeral, from the residence ofinvitedtoattendthefuneral,fromtheresidenceofber Since the night that "Sam" first displayed tbe feeble R. trusts that she cannot fall to give aaUafactlon to aU who mar parents, 136 Cedar street, NewYerk, this (Sunday) af-visit her eitabliahmeut, and for whose former patronage ahe light of bis dark lantern amid the hills of New Hampshiro, takes this opportunity of rendering ber acknowledgm*nts.ternoon, st two o'clock. Tbe remains will be taken to Calvary Cemetry for interment.Newport, Upperary and Limerick papers please copy.SFN-IOR—In this city, on Saturday. March 3 , Camaa MATILDA, infant daughter of Edward H. and Amanda M. Senior.Tbe relatives and friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral service, mis (Sunday) after- noon,atfouro'clock, at her parents residence, No.76 Carmine street, without further invitation.SiuLKR.—On Friday, March 2, Mrs.MART P.SiGLxm, wife of Theodore Slgler, aged 21 years, 8 months and 16 days.The republimna, on the contrary, are In the field in fullfull fledged limbs of the law from Boston have already addressed their "fellow citizens" of Nashua in behair of therepublicancause,andto-nigbt Lincoln,or Illinois, is to address the republicans o f Manchester. N . P . Banks, of Massachusetts, speaks here next week, and both he andItmmoni dfc Co.'a Braalllam Pebble ther this display of heavy artillery is owing to any mis- Spectacles. Sole and only depot 66»>« Broadway.The friends ofthe family are respectfully invited to at-tend the funeral this (Sunday) afternoon, at one o'clock, Made of Ycrk Mills mualln and flee men bosans, and vrsr-givings upon the part of the republican generals concern ing the invincibility of their forces in this State,or merelyfrom h e r late residence, Nc. 868avenue, nearSecondQhvireea,atSIMMONS4CO.'S,mk Broadway,underLa- SPRANKLLNG.—OnFriday,March2,MARTC,daughter P.S.—IbcsewhothinkIcannotmakeatoedablrtf.r$WPrivate Instruction In Penmanship daily by OLIVER B. GOLDSMITH, 362 Broadway.Howe's Original Sewing Machines, F o r Family and manufacturing purposes.The delegates to the Charleston Convention, it is under-stood, entertain strong Douglas proclivities; but, with theexception oi one district, they go iijto the Convention» i l l i c i t instructions. The delegates from this district (thaThird) are Mayor Harrington, "of Manchester, and A. PHughes, Esq., of Nashua. The farmer is an old schooldemocrat, ofadamantine compos;iion, and has never beentainted with abolitionism in any form. On the day of tent powder proof locks and croaa bara. Also, fire and bur- o'clock. Friends of the family are respectfully invited te tenc'act,Agents wanted lor the country.Office, 437 Broadway.The funeral wih take place at tbe house of hts father, John L Weston, 126 Ninth street, this (SuauiKf ) aaccaoon, at half patt one o'clock.EC REEAThe Doctor Kane Refrigerators, at E. O. LSASSFORD'S, the Cooper Institute.EEWINOJOHN R SUBBRUG, Agent, 81 Cedar streetueri-ia' and open bolt, I believe the democratic vote tained cf ibefc- agent la this city, A. J . PARKJSR, U Beeemac Lumber of reliable, cheap and popular family re<|iiiai<es lieT h o B e s t A s s o r t m e n t o fArticles in the city at K. O. BASSFORD'S, Cooper InsUtute.LIBLE INK prtparatirca.andtheSUILLlbCiTBOCUESaretwooith^ne*B e a u t i f u lPearl has aeoiuved a etlebrl y as having no equal for beautify tec and treaetvicg the skin. 429 Broadway.Fit mach Biiters, and have been conSdentially Informed by tha maker of ite exact formula by which be compounds it; the ua- g r e o t e n ' s u p o - d I n l i s p r e p a r a : i e n c o m p i i s < . i n m y j u d g m e n t ^ tomeof ibe beat vegetable substances known as fpnersl tou'es.C o m p l e x i o n . — L a i r d ' sL i q u i dH o u s e k e e p i n gOBOVE.THE FniLLINQ HAIR ToSIC—A first class compound.Ve'l cf-'cu'lated to please the most fastidious. The bottles actuaily told aa much aa any of the 26cent kind. Emphatically,< h l s 1 * r> c h e a p s n d a t t r a c t l v e L h ' n g - I t s e l l s r a p i d l y , a n d s u p e rEtdes all tbe old fatbioned, high priced kinds wherever tntro-ductd. A cin^le trial, which at its low price, la csmparativeiy It Is an agrte.able aromatic bitter, and does not cou'atn aay ir.ejpersivr,willconvinceanyoneofthetruthofourassertions.Crlatadoroapees, tae beat in the world Wbo'.esa'.s and retail, andte<tDye good thing snd so very cheap, no otfcer result was to be ex- J«FW YcRt, April 22. 1869.privately applied. No. 6 Aator House, pee ed Nearly ten thousand dozen nave been sold in tbe abort Depot, * o. 8 South William «re°t. New York.tpsce cf three irouiha W e hear dealers say every day thatB a t r h e l o r ' s H a i r D y e , W i t , a n d T o u p e e they never luu) any article that sold ao fast At a popular LOBD WABDS WCRCRSTKRSH1RE SAUCE-THISFactory Is removed to 16 Bond street Private entrance wr rrire, wit tin tbe reach of persorsof the most moderate means, =-ly celebrated and universal Saute itcsaesaeaa peoo- itfill*a void lorg open, and well fills It too. Tbe public areHair Dye,WtgsamiTou-ShiHreSeries, andItproveda"bit"atonce; beingaJAMK8B.CHTI.TON,M.D.,CbemkK.P i l l se n dO i n t m e n t . — P i l e stives is easily comprehended The majority of them areof necrpsity mere machines in the hands ot the overseer, New Yoik city, to Miss i x u V. PAML«K,O1 t^outh Vomers. IrictfiV isrge sales for cusa have been made, and a gloriouslm-< AN —On Sat. rCay, March 3 , LLW.>J:I> DI-IJGAN, agerl 3 yiaif and 1'n.eLth.L i c l e i - l i k e y t o b e I n n o r a t a n t r e i | u i s t i i i n I n o u i r e f r D t . - ' S His r"<IL:. us will he conveyed to Paterson, N. J , on 1OW"?. ai.d take r;> otbtr. Msnj dri.,pitta me se;;:.-t' > ir.-COBV.'CK H*AI.Y. a native of county Itonegall, Ireland.H'x r«mains were irteried in Calvary Cemetery.St Ioni8 pipers pease cony.HoKTf.N.—Inthiscity,onFriday,March2,HEUC«MART, i.KriWARnBIS8ELL,tilBroadway,oornerofCbambentor-- fcur story fire proof brisk warehouses). mattes fro Look atThisiLook atThis!—Sellln«Off invited to attend thofuneral, without further not'ee, A "naytrnlybere«r.i«d"'^"^-^ofa fewStates BerknanttrsettoAaattreetaboutT,lfeet Will1Ills friends arehvited to -attend his t ^ ' J ^ S . Hours 10 to5. late nilewre.ltt West Twenty first street, uu v>lork.R. DK JONGH8' LIGHT DROWN COD LIVER OH*.Prepared ferMsdWealusehithe LOrFODEN I8LB8,NORWAY.TorCowsumpdot andahSerntnlo-;sDaessss.Veerofher *• ***** ^ ^ *ii>0"'< to rhserved to obtain the beat and most reuible kit 1, vbiih U 1 INSI.iiW'S.VALUABLE ARTTi T.E8 Aienowheitfors»!ebvnearlyFOUR THOh'SAlur) DKiLKRa,r i r u c a l s i s , g r f j c e i s , f * n o v s t o r e s a n d g p n e r * l d e a l e r s . A l l f a t tbein to pi. i fTwibpieat'rppidl'.y. 6<>id < uly l<-r cash. Nr,i eWholesale{"ist-oum111t-ral Ordrrs M a g n i f i e t n t s h e w b i l l s a c c o m v a c y i r j ;P6LEWUOLEfALBDF.l'OT,NO if*WATERsTRiicr,WKWTORE. LeUetBRdiJfUisecl'JIhifKaInveatk n-Baltimore Patriot *«'^f'V«^rtl«tt, p^toBteeNOVELTY-NINBsnd counties may yet heseeureo o.J t iBllP.ATL B^nTul****workfVi5eU»d%«lUthe..Tablesplayedonehatenge l'bete»'» for troe scales.PURE COGNAC BRANDY, B-1\IpplngthatarticleinallItsntUveptui<yaadrrnnflrasfXt l eV ^ Lt^ r«,m*rf sn esuwtsied and htekly respeetabtesnd composter ??£? Pest i-flice.J££?terms. tr*ir*BIK FTORK PBOP»B1Y-VKRYT leated in the rear of 'he above, run*teg through to Aank*a len, ite., box 1,89 Waa 10oaata.aWw 9KmHWlsaia»«liie1IVwww.fultonhistory.com 