 .no» iXfSvapy U*MSBIbrreally free nation in the world, excepting our o*n. We have not merely the common sympa- ih.esofsimilarityinorigin,language, laws,re-of tbe military, naval, political and civil representativesof, our country, embracing a splendid share' of claimed exclusively as their own. Still another pleasing r.timber anawerea to the Balutetioo, "You are verywel of the windows as early aa nine o'clock, and before noon could have accommodated, with some degree of comfort,I.• 4 1•fiass> l M l. *bed mil*•Bey.That.^. •»*_&»«••'•->w '-I ^ -•*'2! ^ r '-o» ve*«T w a t ! l M ' '***'** «•*"*'•«' * « 7-*'•» ni£k aad to* "p*-** c«J» %•<*# dcterm ae. I: C; . « I ^ ^ •*•, f r:. . , a -eW» V tbe* <eter i l U 4 !BV«»tgat»C*anifleanoe, TbetallsparesandtbeimpoamgbuildmgeofNewYorkr gasesto the« since and to*>The table was arranged to accommodate about forty in dividuals, and was handsomely decorated with flowers and various devices In pastry and kindred preparations. AttheheadstoodastatuetteoftheQueen,insugar;in the middle was a metaphorical representation <T the army and navy of Great Britain, while at tbe opposite end thePasaing jAnee woufl net satisfy tbe delighttd pasiecgt-rs T^ey w i j s «oe>tiDg a real prince—tbe he<r appiannals of hiatory than any of its predecessor?—namely, tbe friendly visit of a member of tbe royal family of Englandto(berevoltedcoioniefisowtbefreestandmost enlightened republic in tbe worji—we cannot fall to per- ceive the magnitude aad importance of tbe event.•*•!fired in honor of the event, by. he enthusiastic laaabltanuof the place, and some four or five hundred !adi«e andgentlemen were gaVhered on the, promenade deck of tbe board. «be n>sn1aat*>y decorated w'tb tiags and stream- city, with tbe .enumerable masts of tbe ships, from John Potter to enjoy tbe anticipated sight at a real ers, fltly corfetfiendieg in this respect with the vesaewTf*.''-^*f*tar••visoe*nu»edark be»« inthenwte) »howfusd inhaiW. SbeIffiJtVwerfcat*t.htn«doc*,aadafter 'aod.*g arm* plsjfeil'rs at tbe foot cj Dty street la New Y:rk, trofc anyiddWirreal nwnVr of excursion.** ooted to reader the scant one o in.is al splendor aad aig tbey always be united," tbe establishments of Barf,Black 4 Co. a a d Tifiaay At Co. were tastefully adorned withemblems01hathhemispheres;inshort,tieprcci- oel stores in Broadway were appropriately decked out with tbe national flags of both countries.Stages aad all other vehicles were removed frosB) Broadway a t aoon, from wb.cb t.me until t i e arrival o f tbe royal troupe at the Battery the middle of the street was literally packed- ^ " w i t h a never ahJimg train."Such a living, moving mats cf human beings, we tec- tum to aflirm waa aevtr before seen on Ibis or any o.her continent.in the Metropolis.Half a Million onBroadway.Many ({there hav.ngmet h»m befcre,*tbestreet, and but a :V* persons aisemblad at tbe depot. EIGHTS, SCENE3 AISD SOUNDS. There was net tbe slightest e&tbasiaem, and tbe Prisce's departure, like bis whole slay in Philadelphia, ma; beAPPEARANCE O P T H E BATTERY.At an early hour the gates of the Battery were locked, tbe battle be fought in lb- Edgar, Capt. George Murray.One of the Wonderful Events of the Age.The Entente Corel talc with En?Inn«l.conveyanlJeaofttegoodthicjsf-imiebeJ:— tbe Camden and Amboy rente conducts tbe traveller C +*•*+•** +++*•** **+++* *+++** J^Ap^Sthat could have been made, and muchicr*iit ! 8 ,j,,e t^ g„.perintendect Kennedy and Inspector Carpenter f >r tbesame. It bas always been a subject Of complaint to tbe tbe Brlt'fb government ten years ago. On one side ofOration to the Representative cf anything like entt^iwni. Cor.s?quei.t!y) for the firstYork. '.'is*H •iy st twelve o'clock tbe lines were disengugeu. tbeilbui gave forth ttrains of enlivening mupie eagerly seized, and the possession retained at all haztrdsthe Elder Branchofthe 'Anglo-Saxon Race.mE MILES OP HUMAN BEWGS.Uae<!cncgt.sj>urtrythroughu.eSta'.et,thfrewr-re no gitr.tr.igs at tee country railrcad tuuero to see tbe Prii.ee or his car Tbe train reacted Barllcgton at ba!f past ten o'clock, and there a few hundred people assembled, to whom the Prince showed hitrself from tbe platform of the car. Tbii was the rc'y steppage made, and the royal party, although travelling over tbe famous and fatal mo •©poly icad, reached .Amboy in safety at a little before twelve o'clock. At Amboy school was " l a out," so thatThiswastheoccasionofanynfimberofamateur"mills," and made tbe police a little buficess for the circulationofHem Tcpt, Brick Piles, Lamp Peats, Windows,Steps, Awning Posts, Doorwayi, Carriages, tie children mgbt see tbe Prince, tod the youngsters,FRDIT.White Malaga Bananas.THE SCENE IN BROADWAY A N D T H E PARKBEFORK THE ARRIVAL OP THE PRINCE. desks, and every convenience, stayor Wood stood iaBoxes, Stages, Carts, Ires Baitings and Trees from the Battery to Madison Square Covered withMen, Women and Children.with about twohundredwomenandmenfromthesar- reund'ng country, were gathered at the wharf. Ropes stretched across tbe station kept a clear passage fortbe Pr j).-«, and amid perfect silence and order, blushing be- neath the carious stares of the Jersey girls—beautiful but oeuntrifled—the Prisce entered the Harriet Lane, which Kr. HeioD. a New Jersey pilot, had safety directed overApplesHearsI i i b e l H Catawba graptaCofl'ee-grapes. Raifisa.a lmonds.Pineapjlea. Peaches. Oranges.loeeream.THE PEOPLE WA1TIK0 ONJB0T1|.LTT—SKiHTS AND front of the members of tbe Common Council, whoar- SCENESINTHELEADINGWflOafoCGHFABE,ETC. rangedthemselvesInasemicirclebehindhim.No matter from what standpoint we contemplate one of At half-past two, the Prtcce and his suite entered tbe greatest events that marks tbe onward progress of Castle Garden from the water eatrance. He hadon bis left Lord Lyons aad the Earl of St Germans, and tbe Duke of Newcastle on his right. He was dressed in a blue frock coat, gray trousers and " garrote" shirt collar*There wsa nothing la h a manner to distinguish him, if casuallymet,fromanyoneofthethousandsofwell dressed your-g men one can fall in wita at any hour in Breadway, or any other of o;r great thoroughfares. OnSome Things Canbe Bone as theshoals*andoysterbedsofamboyBayandbroughtthe tbroce <i Englanl—to the imperial oT tfce .Wesiern continent, and a single M ne|. suffice t>t them. The steamboat fell bob for a ttw moments, and then came alongside the scenes which had occurred a short time repeated witb additional .enthusiasm. T h e sge Was disttrgaiehed by many pleasing In- 'fliie boatmen and countrymen on the shores •Wwaved their hats aa the cutter passed, andwhistles ofthemanufactoriesscreamedforthJPresently the party retired to the main deciC,i elegant enterUinment was *prepared. While population who, it cannot be denied! have a deep seatedprejudice against tbe British icrown, wonler atWell as Others,After atwo months' ramble on this contiaeni, through the Bri'isb Provinces, the prairies ot '.he West, the Old Dominion in the South,oitae alotgslde tbe dock.THE REVENUE CUTTER HARRIET LANE. Prince bad tbe satisfaction of seeing a saccharine incar-rent Bvrtroj SlgbtTbe m o n superficial observer ojt the enthusiastic entering, a band that was stationed in tbe building beganthe Federal City and along the route of inter pitality to unite their welcome with that of the city au-mediate places, the Prince of Wales, England's thorities, tbe United States revenue cutter Harriet Lane,-this country Couldit,then,,beapprisingtothemoststoical icdividuai, or sould the limied clam ot our Celtic over. Taking tbe Prince by the hand, and snaking itlanding at St Johns until now he has been thefinally culminated in the splendid reception with which he was yesterday met in the metrq^ polia oi the New World. The brightest antici-patiocs have been realized, and it is now an established fact that we have a veritable Unelph among us.It is in accordance with the fitness of things that A l b e r t E d w a r d s h o u l d h a v e h a d a m a g n i f i c e n t receptioninthisgreatcommercialandfashiona- ble emporium of the Union, and the salvos cf artillery that awoke the echoes of the bayposal of his Royal Highness so fine a craft and so accom- plished a commander, has materially enhanced tbe corn- tort, quiet and pleasure of tbe Illustrious stranger ameng us.The % eatber—that first essential of a public reception- was all that could be desired; and in spite of the croak- ings of chronic grumblers, whJ foretold tbe inevitable drizzle that baa more or less accompanied tbe Prinse dur- ing bis progress through the country, tbe day broke as c l e a r , b r i g h t a n d b a l m y a s I f I t b a d b e e n t h e s u b j e c t o f siecialcontract. It waswith noneofthese dolefulan- tiespatlons, therefore, that a party of sixty or seventy guest* assembled at the Battery, between eight and nine o'clock in tbe morning, sod were conveyed oa board theThough time has changed the aspect of affairs as pre4boat a another good opportunity to see him. S> ovation has never been given to any distinguished per- Tbe Prince, then accepting the arm of Mayortbe Tl -isms P. W ay sailed alongside again. Cheers sonage or to any foreign potentate by LIE subjects as Wood, and followed by his suite, ascended tba stair-ontheoccasionofhisarrival,andthegrand HarrietLane.Afewminutesafterwardsthenoblelittleshe slcMy «toamed towards the city, r resented a beauti- ful apr* iranee._ She had the Union Jack flying frun tbe howspll, the British flag from the foremi3t and tbe stars a \ l str.pes from the peak. For nearly aa hour she and thT.Thomas P. W ay kept each other company, and t h u s fa-' -^be s c e n e h a d b e e n c o m p a r a t i v e l y u n o s t e n t a t i o u s , butexceedingly suggestive andimpressive;foritwas pleasingtoobserve the, unobUuslve manners of the culti- vated gentlemen on board tbe Harriet lane, and gratifying"to reflect ttat such gentlemen—marked cbarajters, re- 1rtsentative.ssss>had^beeninvitedtowelcomehis Koyal Bigbcera to New York. Tbe steamboat sailed round tne Harriet Lane and round again, the people on board of hor still continuing to cheer and to wave their hats and handkerchiefs. While yet within a considerable distance-from she Narrows, the splendid yasht Maria— the fagjtesthn America, the fastest Indeed in all the world —sailed alongside the Harriet lane, and an interestingIt la worthy of remark, en i-auani, that on tbe entrance of tbe Prince every man simultaneously aad spontaneous- ly uncovered, save a few who' were in tbe back tiers of tbe gallery and out of tbe sphere of observation. Tnere was no appearance nor pretence of toadyism in the mat. t e r . b u t i t w a s a s i m p l e t r i b u t e o r r e s p e c t o a t b e p a r t o f afreepeopletotheeldest sonoftbechiefmagistrateof a kindred free people, destined to occupy tae same posi- tion himself, if Providence should so order it.Admission to Castle Garden was by ticket, as follows — O********************************************+*++*•*•+*+*++^military display that followed, were gracefulacts of courtesy towards the great nation ofwhich his Royal Highness is the representative,however much it may be his desire to travelthrough the United States under a transparent> j\ % \ADKT TBS BSAnaa 10 tiA sna I.ARIIBS. BERNARD CA3S£RLY,Gate. Acderr.OCTOBER 11,1860.sen of one of the best soveieigns who eversteamer with almost as much ease as the latter would dis-institutions,b u t w eprisingtheeliteofallclasses—andthatanation Hon. JohnCochrane.Hon. Wm. L Y ancey.who. like Lycnrgus, can point to her E. M. Archibald, British Consul at this port.volunteer militia and say, "Every man is William Mure, British Consul at New Orleans. a brick,'1 ia in a better poeition to de Mr Kortwrtgbt, British Consul at Philadelphia.Geo. J. Lee. fendherself againstforeignenemiesthanif EdwinCroaweU.she was enclosed in a circumvallation of Charlet OConor. > Charles Stetaoo.And a number of others.The cutter w a s n o tand cempreesed within such uncon|f3rtabliB dimensions. main gate, fronting on Broadway. The municipal authori-ThefirstpublicbuildingonBroadwaythatwasfilledwas ties, on dismounting, mingled with the crowd, anal Bamum's Museum, which began to receive visiters at entered freely into conversation oa the ooming reception.eight o'clock; tbe balconies and windows of this establish- Several rich scenes occurred during the three or four ment were monopolized by those who patronized tbe Mu- hours in which the crowd waskept waiting for the Harrietfortifications. He will be taught, if he has notalready learned it, thtt it is not dangerous totrust a free and generous people with arms forthe defence of.their country; and, if true to hisinstincts, it may be that, following in our foot-steps, he will one day save millions of poundssterling per annum which are now paid to astanding army, and with a volunteer soldiery u ah-eady pleasing tout ttuembU. A fine band belongingalone be able to defy a world In arms.•aether leaaoa will beafforded byour votaries* Fire Departmenttatthe great parade ofto-morrownight,•whenthePrint*willwit- nessasightimpossibleinanyothercityinthe world. It would be worth almost the cost of another City Hall bonfire to show what may eosae of ardent natures and hardy discipline. Anallyinstructivewill ^ ^ varyingsightsI*t will meet the eye of the royal viadter-our ln*toishipping;themagoiibenceofourgreat Toogafaro,withiamilesofmweintnepa- . M; our fashionable streets with their elegantI.DS, the abodes oi lu.viry. Itete ande was a vessel. It might hare been well tofcav> thronged hia establishment yesterday aad bad aa excel- landflotillatomenthePrinceattheNarrows lentviewofthePrincefortwentyftvecento,whiletheir^ ifINEW YORK HERALD, FRIDA Y , OCTOBEHflft 1860.-TRIPLEtiihi-jn.<jvn:ingthe,existencecfagreat,happy JoanPotter,whichwaslji'^gu tbedock. Agnawasand . j u r i e d people, where, not much moretfc* ahundredyearsago,theredmanwan- dered through the woods.every clime, at her wharves, now appeared with greater All tfceee objects can baldly fail to impress Prince. Hie arrival at Amboy ant till* disembarkation at the wharves and'to tbe *tr*am dtttiactaesa te the view. Tbe shipping were splendidlyArrivalamiReceptionofVictoria'sS«nieducationinoarcommonschoolshasachieved,latterrespondedmhienscalqwetsmlhugway,andwas then greeted In turn by the geutlemes cf tbe Reception'M|ever?thingoSJnb'ncdtomaketieriterpreceatan ucuiuaiiy iiffjy and beautiful appearance Very little of special interest traaemred on the down ward passage, Tbe pi illcipat tef/ia of conversation on board was tbe royal visiter, wboWs ve be par etteUmot tbe lion of tbe day.whenseenfrom tbesrater,werereallyasplendidsight to behold Added to ibis was the immensecrowd of eitlzeus which had aaaaatoted theretogreetth*\rrneer-nr,isarrival. Thepeopleturnedoattn*>*$$*;andbesidesUethousandsinthestreets,thou citbeParkwaaoccupied,chitfly,however,bythearsi- sands more sought every available position to obtain a deats of the lower wards; and, as la usually theoaesToaithe mind of the young Prince. But the crown- from the cars have been described elsewhere. ^ ;Wi^fa qnlte a teject party on board she left tbe fool o decorated with all kinds of fit** aad streamers, present-ing good* that is likely to result from his visitwill be the disabusing of his mind of whatevererroneous impressions he may have receivedooacfrningtheworking of ourdemocraticin-His Royal Highness, attenled by hin>a .ie,1arrived cm»ng a beantiful appearance aa the royal party approached. The grand centre of it tereat to tbe visiters now was the metropolis. They expected a magnifiexnt reception, aad tbe people of New York were determined that they tbjuld not be disappoint d The loeg lines or troopsducted very quietly. There were no crowds along tbedeck under an awticg, and extended from amidships to tbe sierc, be.rg separated from the oth?r side by a sort of flag diaphragm, wbib, until tbe party were seated, served es a screen to tbe opera;;.ma of the attendants. Tte fcllowirg bill of fare, priated on white satin, willo.tnv.les past'.eieveat, and yiere eubirkiag on board theI t.r>fctLai^,' A large crowd of the people of Amboy hada^embteU Cttr the landing; hundreds bad taken post-t'Cns on tbe^teainer John Potter, which was lying at tbewharf,and?|romwhichtheyhadanexcellentvie•?oftbe andguardedbypolice. This waetbebestarrangement.Bi'm;*<i\,Q4I;indeedItseemedasiftheentireinhabitantsoil the villa** hud congregated together for tbe purpoge ofi-Xtctditiglif the royal party, aa enthusiastic wulcoma.Tbey ih'fsfil the Prmce in a handsome manner, andfrom tbe train to tbe cutter be was hailed with load crowd were admitted promiscuously.! horte through tbe waves) while on tbe other istbe headcharacterized as dull, bet orderly. ACBOSS NEW JEBSET.tbroi'gb the most barren portion of sandy New Jersey,and there was little to re. ere tbe tediumcf tbe tsree bears' j«-arney, except tbe exquisiteticta nhicfc auuece had bestowed jpon tbe furesMreee aictg ice read, mating even tbe tacgled, scraggij i woods beantiful, as sunshine cakes gold or dirt. TheHe was then in his twentieth year: now be hi close on to four score. B e bss been i: this country fifteen years, andwearsaailvermedni,wl.cbwassect outtohimbyNew Jerieji&ec are cot to be excited about so small a matter a s ibe progress of tbe Prince of Wales. It takes a qcar^c'.ice question, a depute about an oyster bed, a railroad war or an Amboy bathicg day to reuse them toPiskled oysiers. BE! EVES.EKE nETAETTEE FBOH K1W TORE—ABBIVAL AT AM- BOY—THE DISTINOri&HEO GENTLEMEN OK BOABD— BEC5FTI0N OF BIS BOYAL HIUHNESS AND TRIP TO THE METROPOLIS, ETC.Tc.e occasion being one on which tbe federal authoritiesofthislocalitywererequiredbytberitesofnationalhos-nation of himself, in uniform, loom up to the extent of about two feet, so like tbe original that it would drive a loyal Englishman into a very ecstacy of enthusiasm, espe- cially in an alter dinner speech.The head of tbe table during the lunch was occupied by Hon. AugustusScncll,hisleftbybisRoyalHighness,aid bis rigbt by Lord Lyons. Next to tbe Prince sat tbe oldhero, General Scott, and between them soon sprungagain, before upward ciden cbeen the s asalu wherereception which the Prince o f Wales m e t witb from t b e first moment be sat bis foot upon American soil to tba time he landed at the Battery, yesterday afternoon, must have been convinced that the citizen*of this Western re- public fully appreciate the beejrmgsfW t b e royal visit t oto play a lively air, which was a pity, as it prevented the few words of welcome addressed to tbe Prince from being heard, and laid the name interdict on the Prince's reply.Tbe Mayor received the Pni.ce with that easy dignity *hich characterises the well bred gentleman tbe worUxunder tbe command of Captain Faunce. was delegated toThroughout his journej,Jrom the moment of hia distinguished gentlemen who were to receive him to thatplace, and return with the company to New York. recipient of one continued ovation, which, A more excellent or courteous arrangement could sotincreasing in proportions as he progressed, have been made, an! the President, in placing at the dis- King whose armies he destroyed upon the field of battle.heartily, he said —VOVR RoVAi HinHSEse—I a a glad to aee you. Allow me to present to you tbe Common Council of tbe city of New York. As Mayor of^the city, I welcome you to tteeldest son, has at last arrived in New York.up an animated conversation. It was a singular sight t ) they ,|e below, the baad oa deck endeavored 1see ibe great soldier, whose same is known world wide, 1 the extraordinary e&lbuaiae|n oi the great maaaeswait upon the Prince on bis arrival at Amboy, convey theto m i up s i well s s possible for their absence of the people on the ociasiqi* of tbe visit of hospitalities.thus chatting familiarly wah the future ruler of s coun by placing a-number of beautiful tunes, After the the PTtnce of Wales—or, ^ritber, we should The Mayor then formally presented the Prince to theaspect. Flags hung across the streets and fluttered fromwealth, refinement and intelligence,and no perincidentinthisconnectionwastbefiringofasalttefrotnthe Maria and the display of a row of signals from hermasthead, which, on being interpreted, taid as alaiuly.asflags couid speak, "You are very welcome.'' To this well, I,thank yau." As the Harriet Lane neamd the uar- Captain Faunce immediately responded in tbe same man- rows new.^jects of interest appeared, and tb,e feelings ner, " We are very well—^hank you" of everyone harmonize' aitb tbe suggest!venesa andeveryinchofspace wasoccupied bythe,femalebeautyand intell'genee of New York. It was unfortunate thatthe review in the Park did not terminate at an earlierhour, for the Prince was deprived of a sight which couldnot fail to have made an abiding impression. If betad seen the thousands of handsome and Intelligent coun-one or twothousand more people than were actually present. Mr. Kennedy waa himself present, in all the glory of blue coat, gilLj buttons, gold beaded cane, and a gilt shield whieb "took down" all other shgjlds. He was the busiest of the busy, performing his F.c.tles witb a courtesy and urbanity, unmixed with fuss, that wereligion, political and civilare iden*1«l in th&se revolutionary principleswhich gave both England and the United Statesthe liberty under which their people now live.Those liberties, indeed, differ In degree, but of the company was composed of our New York mer- Nearing the city something began to be seen of. the importanct|*ci the occasion. The gentlemen who were intbey are the same in kind, and each nation at pretent enjoys the freedom best suited to its people. This, after all, is the great secret of the sympathy which, notwithstanding our occa- licaal disagreements, exists between the peo- ple of the United States and the subjects of t^een Victoria.The visit of the Prince will not be withoutits lessons. Brief as most be his 3ojourn, hecannot but be impressed with much that willprove useful for his guidance when, in afterlife, be is invea'ted with the imperial purple.He will be taught that the best defence of anatienjs the stalworth arms and stout hearts ofher gallant sons—a citizen soldiery, com-chants—members of tbe General Committee. First, may prevailing excitement. Salutes came booming across tbe coi.vorsA.tIijn sr\th his Royal Highness pointed oittnetenances in Broadway, previous to the fatigue incident truly commendable. But, with all the zeal and attention upon waiting ten hours without changing position, it of the Superintendent, and the 3ommisaiGners of 1migra-son couldnames present,as household words," without feeling that New York wan iitly honored in such a selection for such a purpose. A s will be seen from the following list, a large proportionlook upon t h e some ofwearers whichof aret h e -'familiarbe mentioned —TUB c o s M m a n OF R t c E F n t u t .,Ex Gov Hon. Hamilton Fiab, Chairman. Ex Gov. Hon. John A. King.Hon. Augustus Sche!!, Collector of tbe Port. Hon. Luther Bradtsh.Mr. Cyrus W F*eld.MY. Peletlah TVrlt.Mr.RobertB M.nturn.Mr. M B Field, Secretary of the Comm itee Mr J. J. Cia:o.Mr John Jay.Mr. B. D. Sulisvui-Mr. tieorge D. Slnuig.Besides these gentlemen were —Lieutenant General ^cott.Peter Cooper, Chairman of the General CMcmttee.William B Astor.Jebn Ja»b Astor, Jr.Royal Pbeliw.Judge Roosevelt, United States District Attorney. Henry Grinnell. .water from tbe forts, the Whistles of steamers shrieked t h e i r t h r i l l s a l u t a t i o n , s h a r p c r a c k s o f c a n n o n e c h o e d from the small craft flying around, tltgs, streamers and signals were thick almost as forest leaves, and on every side were visible evidences of a great community engaged in giving a right royal welcome to a princely guest.As tbe Harriet Lane approached the Battery the scene wastrulymagnificent. First,dimandindistinct,onecauld only distinguish a huge black conglomeration of humanity, covering everthlng that would afford a foo'.hoid—lotting the rigging of ships, fringing the housetops, 1ning the•. arious^pkages worthy of notice as they were passed. A g a i n t j f c S t e a m b o a t T h o m a s P . W a y p a s s e d t h e H a r r i e t Laoe an) sailed round her, the passengers cheering the Prmce at gain, and he acknowledging the compliment by removitjr bis hat aa before la company witb the Duke cf Newftstle aad others 01 the royal party, together with a lew w*the gentlemen of New York, the Prinw was seenasctwdingtothetopct thewheel house,wherehe could OKkin a better View of all that was transpiring. He wai'i! eered again as be appeared. Other crafts now bf|an t» approach the royal pirty. Tbe yaohty Charlotl I. displaying signals of welcome, came aloogaide and fl^n a salute; other yachts, whose names it was d:ii;cul$lo' distinguish, followed the example, the bandseems to us he would have been constrained to say that b e b a d n e v e r w i t n e s s e d s u c h a g a l a t y o f f e m a l e b e a u t y . But it will console the ladies somewhat when they re- flect that tbe Prince will have a mare favorable oppor- tunity to judge of tbe equity of theflaim which is made (or the beauty of New York ladies At tbe grand ball to-night. INotwithstanding the physical dieeffmfort which the la-dies must necessarily have experienced in waiting tor thetion to boot, the circular building known aa Castle Garden c o u l d o i l b e r e l i c v e l o f i t s i n h e r e n t a b a b b i s e s s . a i - tb ugh aome attempt, in the form of a pa oh here and there in its rotten floor, was made to render tbe placetolerably respectable.As a matter of course there were a notebe- of nota-bilities on ham!, chief aiiong whom was »fayor Wood, whodiethebonoawith agraceand courtesy booming the chief magistrate of the Empire CI.y Boole, too, wae there, and so wsa Van Tine, and so wae Brady, and theJ. J. Hoey.Sidney Webster.Captain Ward, of the North Carolina.dock, and a s^uad of police in boats, no person was to be seen whose presencs could interfere with the debark ition of the royal party.Running alongside the dock, tbe Harriet Lane was quickly made fast, a gingaay was provide!, and the Prince and suite then quietly pissed out and proceeded torican Slag ia one band, loudly cheered tbe Prince, who handsomely noticed the salutation by slightly raising his beiver, there jvas not anything remarkable iu th< lloatibg etc irt from outaite the Narro ITS, and from Inside tbe Narrcw» ap to the city. There was not a general flo tilla, ajtoc the arrival of the Great Eastern in the har- bor. $?&osVwho witnessed the approach of that mam- nK'th peinjer would be apt to notice the difference, butextraordinaryto Governor's Island was on board, and durinc the trip, bothdownandback,regaledthecompanywithachoice •electionofmusic.As the Harriet Lene, from her frequent employment by theCblefMagistrateonhastoursofrecreationorduty, maybeairlyconsideredthe"Prestdeat'syscht,"andas her more recent nwveasents in oonnecttoa with the Prince of Wales have given her a degree of notoriety that will aL ways be retained, we ad* to our lists of Barnes those o* her officers, which are as follows:—Captain—Richard Faunce.manner,but withtidiest conditiona n y crewdecorated inofficers,craft royal stripes at the peak, nothing more seemed wanting to coapletein crosstbe s ithe fore, and"the interior of the building. ^vkiters yesterday.Y es, the b r a | that fabricated the end the Feljee mermaid wasand possible — the the stars andgreatMeuteaauita-J. B Usber, D. C, Constable and C. B. stem, for the purpose of Lroriing her passengers an'opBerrett. portunityof witnessing]the embarkation ofthe Irince,Chiefengineer—J.B.Dryburg. of eBjjying a pleasant sail in company with tbe A*nttafit{engineers—WaiterScott,CJWtieanar. HarrietLanetothecity,andortavagaPuieifer.Port pilot—W A. Booth. magmfiaent view of tbe reception salutes from tbe for'a•/be cutter arrived at Amboy at about taif »**& eleven, an-1 sblpplrg, atd of ^) tte scenes transpiring m the. and „ . ^ Sirced.ate'y .made fast a'^cjeide cf the steamerThe police arrangements were everything that could be desired. About eight hundred men, detailed from several of the wards of tbe city, were on band, under the iatmedlat* command of Supertaierde&t Kennedy, aasitted by Deputy CarpenterDey tirctt at ten;o*M<»rk, and proeeedsd on her pleisaoa board the Buriet late at absut a quarter to twelve, and jor.Tn!ey to Ambpy. The morning was clear an 1 beautttbe company informally gathering in a sets e'rtla, Lieut. Gen. Scott advancedto therangwsy,andextendingbt» band!na graceful anddefied manner inbetalf of tbeffnl, l)he air *as,'rfirth and bracing, tbe w*ter was alivestitutions, and he will see what the force of committee, welcomed the Fta.ce to the meirojwl e. Tte v<r,» (katiSg a tbe vigorous breeze, so ranged on the Battery attraetsd maoh attention, ant,in enabling a people to enjoy the fullestamount of liberty without degenerating intolicence and anarchy. So much for the moral conversation.TbeParkthroughoutthedaywasalsotbetheatreof many interesting incidecta if we except the spaas re* served for tbe military evolutions, which waa strongly fortifiedbyalargeposseofpolice,everynookandcornerCommittee.Prinse was at occe at his ease, and entered readily intoalso filled witb people, while from the windows aad roofstfCENES IN T H E B \ Y . prevcua day, and rose very early. Before leaving the was a large quantity, to the boat, and at twelve o'clock tain a ilghitw-evsnt' though it were bat toe si.^htoet of tbe surrounding bouses thousands |more of spectators Uon in loud demonstrations of laughter. The crowd Ccniintntal Hotel be eipreatect to tbe proprietor bis satis the lines were cast eff, the band played "tiod Save the gl aH>cc--*rf*4be (sir apparent, although it was notyet were waiting in eager expectation 'to(witness the scenes Bought to amuse themselves as beat ttey coad, andNPLEM/ID MILITARY SPECTACLE.when he first reached the bote! and was refused slmit tacce by tbe superintendent.A small crowd collected around the hotel ac«1 faintly cheered tbe Prince as be entered bis carriage Even at ttat early hour tbe irrepressible Pbilaiel-lunch. Like all the rest of the proceedings, this was marked by a bigb degree of taste and elegance, and the repast was doubtless more e»joyed by ;he nyal party— because ci tbe absence ot every restraint—than any other of which they have participated in public duringferring tbe baggngc of the royal party, of which thereto tbe tarth, the multitude gave vent to their appruba-made for bis comfort and eo&veaience. and thanked tbe city. A short time followed in presentations Philadelphia , Tba salutes from the Harriet Lane,lane beared tbe Battery, and the Prince all the wbile remained standing on her wheejbouse. steamboats and yachts and row boats in great numbers now crowded round tbe enviable revenue cutter. She 1000000! the dock at twenty two minutes past two o'clock; a/salute wis at the same time fired from the artillery on shore, while an enthusiastic outburst of cneera and Welcome simultaneously arose from tbe populate. Toe enthusiasmdog emerges from tbe crowd and runs awiftly in the opea space, and then a temaue, dressed in fantastic apr»reJ, makes ber appearance, w h e h , of course, aflords amuse- ment to tbe spectators, w to gladly Improve tae most trivial event to pass away the time. When it waa learned that the Prince was pawizg through Park row, the crowd tirr ultanecuily ran in that d'rection, cheering vocifer >us- ly and jumping on each otter's shoulders, eagerly de-THE LANDING AND RECEPTION. hotel superintendent for bis courtesy tad kindness, aid social interviews of an entirely informal •milicgas he recalled the amlrtUmpt which occurred character, and tbe party then sat do^n to a sumptuouswheh was cr-r••re1 beside tbe wharf, greeted tbep.$ier£ers jjMTit was deciided beyond question that the i'rusift hvi a'jeac'y art*v4d. ..Quick a* an electric shock a feeing of increased interest and expectation pervaded every ooaoni beard. Tbe steamboat went close to tbe docic, and j.irt us be'r bpw touched it the band on board tbe revea-ieTbe Review ou tbe Battery, ia the phia ladies wer * on bud, attempting to »lch held of the the tour in tha country. Tbe affair,was under the charge cutter struck up the Engiifcb aiis, "(iod Save the Qieen' was unbounded; tbe reception by the people of New siring to see tbe royal youth vParkaiMlouBroadway.Prince's band, and clat:hing at b<s garments as be passed of Mr. Stetson, of tte Aster H :r.se, and in all rj;?oects was a d "RitlepritabfjU." In tbe meantime the Prince anl tbem onhiswaydown stairs. Es departurew&acm- handsomelymanage-d. Ttetabiewaeencne side oftte rnjjaieulteibar:leftthetra.L, whicharrived at twentyYork a as spontaneous and magnificent. The ror al partyIn the procession there wis an old English hero of tba battle o f Copenhagen, which was fought b y t b e B-iiiab fleet cider Admiral Nelson, on tbe 2d of April, 1801 Ha was a volunteer, bekmgmg to tbe ship London, but inj .IJOJI ASD taicoa*.)X BECEPT1CN CF TEE PRINCE OF WAIRRSOUP . Oystor.military, when ordered to form on the Battery, tna>tbeThe Fitty fifth regiment assembled about eigbt o'clock" of tbiLugltsb Queen, aid the wrrds "Victwa Reg.na''XX\? Eocrd turkey, with trr.ffleacheering, Which ha gratefully acknowledged in bis usual urbane ntrd k; preAative maaner.After biS|Soyal Bighness and suite—all dressed in citi- zen'* i-:ctl ti— -.id proceeded on board the Harriet Lane, and their bsfgsge bad been conveyed thither after them, p"-i; ii.i .t u« were* pcediiy made for tbe departure to Newfor the annual inspection. Tbiy were reviewed aid in- spected by Brigade Inspector, Harriott^ and dismissed about ten o'clock. »Kven at this early hour the buildings in the vicinity of ibe Battery and all tbe sidewalks were literally jam medwltb anxious spectators, Ffvery point which com nesnded a view of any portionjbf the parade groiud wasin alto relievo. Thoe Bashfjrd, tae name of :he ve eraa, la engraved on the edge.THE PRINCE IB THE METR3P0LIS.THE RECEPTION IN CASTLE GARDLS EY .MAYOR WOOD.On the arrival of tbe Harriet Lane alongside the pier therewasageneral'rushinthegalleryforfrontseats, while tbe cheering on tbe several vessels in the bay—JLuried fl let of hwif.Ami: cf iweethreada wijj nvaa/comaCi«n;e i ie, w..b truffles Lirdeii rar.ridsea « .tied.i*»iit de fore rraa, with irufflea. Qxtfle.b!3'ii<iandroasted.ili.ii woodcock.Lchater salad, ornamented.v hleXeu aalad, ornamen'ed.Hound ot beef, aaraiabed with ;ru.Hea.'Roaat beef. Boiled ham. Boiled tongue.OBNAMMNTAl, PASTRT.charlotte r^ise. Swiss mrrengties. Alac r,i ins.-aroocf. Frosted cakesFrench cream cakes. Claret jelly.P #ton croan caiea.aUcuiis.tbeyfcavgrapes.EAGLE. |with] difi>«n\•k#ls nrtjuitirs with-<»f crafw, atJ tbe 3tgs and which, they wtro festoonedWhen the spproache.d Amboy there was a general flutterretults of the royal viuit.1faction with tbe admirable arrangements which had been Qceen,'' and the Harriet Lace ateamed on her way to the esqeriaited f whether or not be bad arrived from which would shortly be transpiring below. The Harriet 'aoghed immoderately at|tbe slightest occurrence Now aTEE DEPARTURE FROM PHILADELPHIA. Tbe 1'rtnce eft Philadelphia b y special tr»;n, a t baif- [ w l c xe o'clock yes-erday morning, for South Amboy, Be appeared bat haled fatigued by his visits during tbeTbe Duke of Newcastle, Earl 8k Svrmacs, GeneralBruce and otter gentlemen cf the suite were likewise among the pa»nengers. Opera glasses were brought into sight of him. Tbe piers In the vicinity were covered such oecaeiors, tbe juveniles mo inted the trees aai held warmly gretted, an *were six»c on terms of pleasant inti- injtt.sJiiate" requisition with tbe hope of bringing bis witb pr-.ip'e. The Staten Island ferry landing and the oa tenackualy. A Limber c>: the trees were so thicklymacy.Some ten cr fifteen reioutee were consumed in trans-Royal II $ tresis Within "speaking distance." All the top at the ferry bouse were black with human beings; studded by these birds cf promiae that they were de-parsergerscfowdee) on the front cf the boat, stood upon sitv's t.il cktiifT ».&•! strained their longinjr eyes*o ob-the spacious belsoay of the Castle Garden building wasstroyed, snd wbenver s yCung democrat was precipitatedt h esteamboatapproached. Ttunowni< nUiii^jrf woad tbe Trent of the boat on the lo ver and urpe^jrtuks, ts'i tbe anxiety to get a g!imr»ae a the ^^ei> became sfili more iotense Bit be bad n-t-.rt-j'i'; "be stern of the Harriet Lane, where h -ne Wrra introduced to tbe select circle of pro-inl unatial citizens who were oo board by tat.<nto receive them. Presently, how;ver, avpeaiad en the upper deck. The steamboat Aide•r,,-Harrietfane;thepassengers msni'trsiuislled anxiety to see him, aad -when bezed aloud and entuus.astic cheer of welcomey F-reen from the passengers, which the Princejteli n o n a g e d by removing his hat. Hht t h s v, 41 render tbe nineteenth oentUry A r e memorable in tbeannounced the event to those .aside of the Garden. Tbe members or the press, in particular, were well cared for by tbe forbtbougbt of superintendent Kennedy. Tbey occupied the circle railed off for the useof the Regis- ter, where tbey numbered pretty strong, aad were kept from outsiders, while they were aecommodated withttry which once had occasion to respect him as one of Itsmost dangerous enemies, and the direct descendant of the deck, I W the people. on board the other steam- rica- We venture to say that sich a magnificent bowleg.seated then, there were not a few oa board tbe Harriet pealed jrtb once more from the excursionists, and the Lane who did not recall to mind the past, and moralise Prince imoved his bat as before. Tbe Harriet Lane, aswas tendered to tbe son of Victoria ray tbe citizens of New case to tbe room of tne Cummiasianera of .-migra- York on tbe ever to be remembered |lth of October. Tbe tion, where be pat on hia uniform.over a present that has brought with it, after the lapse or nearly half a century, so remarkable a spectacle.Next to General Scott sat the Dukeof Newcastle, Hon Lu- ther Bradi8b, Earl of St. Germans. Gen. Bruce and trentle- men of the committee. The rigbt of Lord Lyons was occu- p i e d b y M r . W . R A s t o r , w h i l e m i n g l e d a m o n g t h e c o m p a n y onthatsideofthetablewereMajorTeasdale,CaptainGrey, Dr. Ackland, the Prince's tutor, Hon. Mr. Eliott,. lord H.cbenbrook, Mr. Ecglehart, Use Secretary of the Duke of Newcastle, and Messrs. Warre and Jenner, tbe at- tendantsofLordI.yOES.After the repast, as the Harriet Lane by this time was nearing the city, the company adjourned to tbe upper deck, where the Prince evidently took much pleasure in examining tne various points of Interest and listening to the histories retailed by the several gentlemen by whom be was monopolized and more or less entertained.craft was under weigh, steaming rapidly down the har- bor and gliding past the green fringed shores to her des- tination. It was too early in the morning, and there was too little excitement in the departure of a mere revenue cutter, for a large crowd to gather, but a considerable cumber of tbe ot jp&Bot who vegetate in the ambrosial pre- cincts of West street and Cattle Garden were present not- withstanding, and curiously regarded the process of em-Alrealy tbe city and harbor began to wear a holidaypearanceentl atmirab!e|iiai!ing qualities were universally added lustre to a throne, and who, as daughter, the housetop*, while the display of bunting from the tance a loaded lumberman. Not only was It a fine exhi- admired... - .wife and mother, is an ornament to her sex. shipping, steamers and ferry boats gave token of an al- bition of the wonderful powers of one of our fast yachts, The band played a quickstep, and tbe interest of al! conNut only this, but she is the living embodiment most universal desire to do honor to the princely stranger but it aflorded our English friends an opportunity of- tinned to ir.crear.e as the scene continued to enliven. The of ladies with seats, and in order to, beguile tbe tedious front of tbe entrance. The police arrangements, of the law and the constitution of the) only and bis suite. judging from personal observation of the beauty of model yacht Bred "aaajrnte. She displayed some signals, whioh hours exerted themselves to entertain and amuse their under Mr. Superintendent Kennedy, to keep offincognito.<The crowd all around and leading to the enclosure waa very dense. Inside of tbe Battery was decorated wita flags of all nations, the American and Hritisb ensigns, ofIt is not for royalty ptr se that we have testi-fied our sympathy, but for the person of the barkation.Old Ireland, of course, wae not among t h e national bannersOne of the pleasing points of tbe journey was the a vpearance of tbe yacht Mafia, just outside the Narrows, coincidette ocanfred. The yacht had a small company and there being a fine breeze the company were astonished of ladles and gentlemen on board. She continue! to keepbe seen removing articles t h e windows, w h o werecourse, taking the leadforgetten, for conspicuouswas a huge green flag, witb the Hibernian harp in t h e centre. But, In furtherance of tbe leading idea, t b e firstat the spectacle of a sailing vessel pissing by a fastcompany" with the reverse cutter, and her splendid ap-wfcarvwe, and, in a word, absorbing all space.arrival of the distinguished strangfr, tbe thought that members of the Common Council generally; out it waatbey were about to gaze upon thf son of an Illustrious a subject of general remark that there was not a(>ueen, distinguished as much for-lker domestic and ele- white hat nar a pair of yellow gloves among tbavated mcral sensibilities as she is fa'f being the sovereign whole. Tbe members.of tbe Common Council present bad! of tbe most powerful and enlightened monarchy on the assembled in the Governor's Room, City Hall,shortlyNearer Tbe miliUry their armsthe beautiful reality became more perfect.were seen drawn up in long lines,ami accoutrements gl tening in the sunlight lice the wb|e mingling other airs with tbe sound of the sa-while tb.iy awaited tbe ar- r^val of him tbey b assembled to honor The crowd became more of ia fact than before, and in tbe eager faces a n d earnest eyes bent upon t h e little party on the steamer one could read tbe intense in' tereat burning within tbem to gratify tteir pent upcuriosity. Thearrangementsforlandingwereoftbemoatexcelroyal salute was fired from Fort Hamilton in tba illustrious stranger, and similar salutes from the other forts passed on the way. In tnity the crafts were joined by tbe United il steamer Habaca, which bad the Union Jack the bow, an Irish flag from tbe foremast, American . ensign from tbe peak. She •£neartbeHarrietLane,tbepeopleonboardofface o( the globe, amply compersetkd for tbe bxtily painBuperinduced by having to remain jfso long in one placeafter twelve o'clock, and were driven thence in twenty carnages to Castle Garden, which they entered from t h ea row of brilliants,lent character, and beyond a platoon of policemen on the her, fcftby ota enthusiastic Individual, waving an Ame-seum Batiftbereaderimaginesthattbeypaidtheir quarters to see the "Happy Family.f. or tbe "What IsIt " or the "Siamese Twins,'' or tbe thousand and one "curt- oaltiea" of tbe place, be la wofuUy sWtaken. Not they, their errand was altogether different,; they went to .as a live Prince, and they succeeded mj beholding the "show "and ail " in the stereotyped phraseology of tbe Prince of Showmen, "for twenty five cents/' It isjamiliatlng to him to record the fact that Barnumlwas outwitted by hisLane, aad some individuals committed themselves in a manner that they never contemplated, to speaking to those awful persosages yclept Aldermen and Council- men in a manner they never would have ventured upon bad tbey known whom they were addressing. But theselittle ctmtrt tempt perhaps served a good purpose, as t h e dignitaries aforesaid bad tbe opportunity of bearing what waa thought of them—an advantage not usually aooorded> to great men. One gentleman, however, "put hia too* into it" ia being too outspoken. He WM standing near a rather good looking gentleman, whom he bad jast beard fay, In answer to a quest.oe, "Boole Is ruled out tn Una ar- rangement ' "What of Van Tine*" said the gentleman. "Oh, Van Tine la ruled out, too," rejoined the interrogated gentleman, with a placid smile,aad a bow, while a mis. chievous twinkle was discerned ia the corner of h * eye. "Who is that gentleman- ' queried the gentleman who WMsobardoaMir.VanTine,when,tohischagrin,be was answered, "Mr Van Ttoe " Of course the eruerlst aro'ded tbe Alderman with ths Dutch name for the restin tbe morning. The revenue cutter Haariet Lane had proceeded thither at an early hour, and was awaiting its arrival for the purpose oT conveying the royal visiters to the metropolis of the c4oo> T a e elegant little steamboat ThomasP.Wayalsoproceeded toAmboy onan excur]jwaisn*,theydidit. B i t notwithstanding, thewere rented at enormous sums; but Tammany Hall, true to tbe democratic instinct, furnished "standing seaU"00attie tsflectioo would remember that on tbe for-ioa hundreds of crafts came to meet her be- outdone by the men, womenf and childrenSCENES IN THE BAY.VOYA91 OF THE BOTiL PASTY PROM AMBOY—SA-LUTESFEOMTHEiSHITSANDTHEFOBT8—APPROACHTOTHECl|rY4-ESTHtrSIASTIC OBEBTIEO *BY T i « POPBLACB OIN 3H0HB, BTC.It was tTp^^-i that the special train which was tobring hia Bojal Highness and suite from PhiladelphiawoiarrescjiAmboyabejutaquarterpasteleveno'clock him.*:united, enthusiastic andmagnificent reception.wboUy horsethendisembarked, andproceededi n oCastle Garden.SHEET.andttereijj?i><eesjtur,witbtheroyalpartyooboard,left the ublrl untid the cheers of the people on 3bore.TJC TtoaiS|^4,. W(u followed close bebind her. The ex- their blood. It mult be remarked ahat the polioe were which, by the way, were decorated in all their bravery-unoemmonly civil considerin| the immense concauree. Tlie frequent reminders they tkve received seem to have improved their manners. It isjto bsbotred that tbey will continue in future what tbey have now begun.ci vii.zaucn and the dignity of human nature, and whichrepast,^ ibe Prince and suite re-appeared on tbe upper have said, Baron Renfrew—to the 1metropolis of Ame- Common. Council, which was acknowledge! by mutualmost expansive imagination cannot c4ucelve, nor tbe most graphic pen delineate, tbe brillianfy of tbe spectacle which Broadway and tbe City Hall Park presented yes- terday afternoon.One of our reporters took a walgi through Broadway e a r l y i n t h e m o r n i n g f o r t h e p u r p o s e o f w i t n e s s i n g t h e preparationsthatwereinprogress fortheaccommoda- tion cf the fair sex—need we add thepro,pecti ve mothers of republican sons—and also to chronicle any notable Incidents that might take place while the myriad thron; wereawaitingtbearrivalortieroyalvisiterandhisEuite. It is ueedlcts to say that business of all kinds was sus pended, and that the merchant princes and their employes addressed themselves with untiring assiduity to tbe tbe work cf preparing proper accommodations for their invited guests to witness the.grand procession. At an early hour tbe purters of * the wholesalefTbe party on tbe Harriet Lane was a rare combination and tbe rare skill that American mechanics have attained were t'tiiwd, in accordance with Rogers' American code, fair gue-bts. So anxious were the fair sex to secure posi- tbe crowd, were admirable, in fact, tbe Battery waain an art which Englishmen have until of late years to .epreicnt the numbers 30,951. When interpreted, thii tions from which a tolerably good view of tbe Prince but thinly attended, ar 1 the Gerdea's peopled galleries? might be expected, that hundreds of them took potscaaioncome,"JL"o:whicb,afterthelapseofaconsiderableperiod, the Harriet lane ran up, on behalf of the Prince, tbe num- ber 30^Wi,i«h*fih represented the strange reply, "VeryUntitled Document•Xs-<5 wh'le w'Bwe elosters—all wntr.bo. appendei the cscrptcc, Eng^ti and* America—may corps, consisting of thir y ttree ma;,wTM«vThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069arthimtothe-Battery;butitseemedthattbe preferred to remain on land and to wait tillleasfortunatefriendsbadeither*o|pay•*fortheprivi-lege of aseat on a batamy or else be crushed to jelly on berearbedHewYork, wheretheyallcouldgive thesidewalks.ManyofthesebalconiesinBroadway|omt§* Narrows was imposing.one'fans were fired from Fort Wood and Fort CoTB» interesting party on board tbe Harriet aotempa-yiBfcraftscuddingalong beforethe tbe strains of the music mingling witb the ofUbeeaunon.aad the beautiful appearance of soapw.ththetre..attiredintheirrichlytintedRoyal salutes oftbe balcony at fifty cents per headwindows in Broadway were suspended' large aad hand- some European and American fagsl, together w.th myriads o|smallerones,producing,asmightbeexpected,alively spectacle. Nearly opposite 289 a ktrge'Kugtieb tUg wae hungacrosEthestreet,wbSchhose thefollowing icscrip tlon,"WehonortbeMotheran|welcwktheS*:"atestablishments mightof merchandise fromfollowed by an army of clerks, with carpenters'tools, so that beneath their magic touch rude benches weresuddenly transformed into comfortable and elegant ssats,In some Instances richly carpeted.j With a gallantry object that struck the royal party en entering waa an truly commendable, these gentlemen furnished thousands American and a British ensign placed immediately tn^age.bavugonthesamebranehfresh¥av*,No441anArter'canflsgwsadjsp!sjH^towlrchwasOCthep'erwerteanembiedtheveryt.HUoftbe i .J , k i . . , ,!-,«*> !••••*£ connected w?:a tn<jFfom many of tbeof the day.He bad, in fact, sold himself.tbe medal ia a figure representing Britannia r dicg a sea www.fultonhistory.com 