 NEW YORK HERALD.Gerrrwtweat Shewld Do tat Mexlee. fi sion committee can only succeed in ringing We learn by telegraph that Mr. MeLaao; our iu a large Breckinridge representation theythis race her toughest antagonist The affair As the programme of his tour is not as yet wCI be, undoubtedly, the most exalting event finally fixed, every small village in Canada h - of; the kind since the famous Cowes regatta. whitewashing its houses aad burnishing ap> m Mieo the America carried off the capfrom the tin sconces, in the hope that his Royal Highness Koyai Yacht Squadron. A good yacht race is may pass that way. Frost the —aa event in which &U classes of our people are described by our correspondents, it would i interested. Yachting is among the most gentle- that measures have been taken to protect the manly of sport*. The turf and the ring have Prince's privacy from invasion by the*rsfs A4Jxr mnuip nv.tmm**»m*.wtp»4to went to Mexico, during which time he haslabored assiduously to accomplish somethingtowards establishing a policy In the relations the New York Tribunt, which shows that the between the two countries that should be con- republican chiefs have not got over their panic,As i s England the reports of royalG O R D O * AJTDMinister to Mexico, has arrived at Mobile, di- EI» effect something.ami• e # x s *-. v . COJL.SU oar KASSAP A * » swwow BBB>the state of affairs la that republic, nor whether thing, and we hope that they will soon hold an-AKonouuns T an ITKNIMOOAJtgEB res* US—1*1** Ti..» -?uM»*«t KWALLACE'S TWBATBB, •m4nr.-lMH»rOii» Jr**j>ffe»>*-Jl* TWB KATVIM.N13LO0rTST/BA, THKATBX,K«W BOWKBY THBATBB. Bowery—Vfracunw—*COTCM. a — - B s s s v i mSaw Phil»delph 1a.The princety gift by the Japanese Envoys to THE WATKRINO PLACKS,—Until within thethe police seems to he received, on all hands, last few days there has been a iameetablewith the proper spirit. So far as the apportion- dearth of company at the fashionable wateringc«»i—m>a—Uww f-nmi Mtni'Ci' or •>*!*—at- Dncifair amount of sales. Cora was some less active, whileprases were heavy. Among the sale* were sound Western peace to Mexico add benefits to our commerce. havior is the apprehension of a combination be-last panic, have there been so few visiters. The*T3LO*S BAI^OO*. Broadway-Pas.Di*cw, BlllJWM, Ac. -Dovaui 1Mu- mixed at «ac. a St^c, aad sound Western yellow at 67c. and safety and progress to that portion of our tween Bell and Douglas, by which the Southern Pork was active aadfirmer,with some purchases on country contiguous to the Mexican republic, a States should be given to one and the Northernlandlords have been in despair at their pros-ffATM*AL CpNCEKT 8ALO0O0K. ffaUooal Theatre.-government account. Sales ef new mess wen mads at vile spirit of faction and party greed consigns States to the other, or a sufficient number oftitZl\atlf40,aadnewprimeat»142ua$1487X. ittothesleepofdeathintheSenatorialCom- themtodefeattheelectionofLincoln. Hestill sons,first,thatthePhiladelphiapolicealtogeth- theirharvesttimeIntheharrowingpositionofPAX.ACB OABMW.MAJL8 FOR ETJBOPK.SJgd. a tVd., to bum aad bags.We pity his sorrows, though we cannot say that it is In our power to alleviate them. The ball of political revolution being once set inbeen the great centre of attraction for pleasure seekers up to the present time. The visit of the Japanese, the arrival of the tenth wonder of the world—the Great Eastern—the triumphal entry of the distinguished legion which a - quired African tactics in Chicago, and the U - vetrt of the Benicia Boy, have aii had their shore in concentrating upon our city the tide of summer travel, while they have also bad the effect of keeping our own population at home. Add to these inducements the foot tltat «ntil within the last day or two tin-, temperature in town has been delightfully pleasant; that we have hiid our country cousins to dhapetone and entertain, and that we could not possibly miss the Aldermen's Japanese court ball, the great Hicks nautical drama, and the Heenan ovation, and it will be readily understood why the watering places have missed their accus- tomed guests up to this late period.There are other influences which have no doubt equally operated to diminish the number of visiters to our fashionable summer resorts. The travel to Europe this season is unprece- dented!y large, each steamer taking out as many passengers of the tourist class as it can possibly accommodate. The visit of the Prince of Wales to Canada of course retains at home al.Wfc. « « wl o r kH t r a l d — B d l t l o o iSalmagundi is described as a mixture of chopped meat, pickled herrings, oil, onions, vif)*par, A c , anrj it is, therefore, to a dish oft i ! combioo the aewa received by mail and telegraph a she .(BOOduring the previous week, and up to the hour of BmbUcoAiOB. __________The Hews.The steamship City of Baltimore, which left Liver-pool oa the 4th and Qneenstown on the 5th lnotaat, arrived at this port at an early hour ye-i- ter.iay morning. Her advices are one day later than those received by the Vandertojlt, but they co atain little of importance. The panic in the hide Bud leather trade continued, but no additional fail-and the Douglas democratic party.We present these different party views in theinridgeshouldbecomeamemberofthe alliancefact that the influence of our national name was Greeley would strike his colors at once, and street, and persons of a volatile turn of mind• atJUS&TT,Mi Hpeie. Tlec Presideat of the PfciiadelpltiBand1 Bt<_diec Railroad Company, announces thatthe freighth aod U4 •> oe cobi p_aaiag over said road riet from Vera Cruz; but we hare no advices of The first meeting, however, resulted in no- were yesterday advanceJ firto*: ceatd per too.Be. SMBroadway.-Wo"••)>»•FeUy IT,Oar Fear Political Pmrtlea-Th Ir Candl- dates and Their Calculaiion*..We. 1 9 7are only allowed to transpire through aatho- theTbeCuiurd mail steamship PerH.t, Capt Judkios, will I>»ve tu..* port to morrow afternoon, for LiverpoolThe Kuropcaa mails will cloae ia this* city] to-morrow af terv*js. at a quarter paat twelve o'clock, iThe EVBOTBA* EMTIO* or T O HSKALS will bo pubiiaQod avt tea o'clock ia too mora.nf. Single copies, In wrappera, Btse**W.TJ•> oeateots ef the Etraonx* E»mo!« o» m HBULB cratic party, the Bell and Everett Union party,•bread 20a., crackers 24s., coffee 43s. per 100 lbs., strengthened by the unity of his party. Soherrings 24s. per bbl., flour 38s. a40s., codfish 18s. per ICO lbs., hams 10d., lard 10$d., pork .mess, 112s pimento 2|d. per lb., sugar 16s. a 22s., and toba. •••; 3l$d. a 13d. per lb., in balesATTRACTIONS OF THE METROPOLIS—LVFLCX OK party will widen every day, as the day of elec-in that city, was a disgrace to the country. The mob took their tone, of course, from the police. That is the case everywhere. In Paris one finds a polite police, ruling a polite crowd With civil phrases and gentle remonstrances.fa vor of the election of Lincoln' and Hamlin. The meeting was presided over by Judge Wm. Mitchell, of the Supreme Court. It was neither large nor rQthoaiaatic.Therewerenotmorethan1,500per- sons present at any one time, ssd a goodly number of those appeared to be adherents of the Douglas democracy—giving counter cheers for their favorite.SpeechesweremadebyHoraceGreeley, Eufus ¥. Andrews and Daniel Ullmann. The rain which came down about tec o'clock dispersed the meeting.About noon yesteruny a fire brake out in the railing manufactory of William Van Tassel, located in Pig alley, which runs through the centre of the block bounded by Washington, West, Charles and Perry streets, in the Ninth ward. The buildings in the Mock consisted mostly of wooden .tenements»nd workshops, sndjstables occupied by the New 1 ork Ice Company. The flame spread with La- credible rapidity, and before they could be sub- dued thirty buildings and twenty stables were totally destroyed, involving s loss of property esti- mated at one hundred thousand dollars. The in-tense hast of the weather, combined with the in- tenser best of the conflagration, told severely upon the nresaen, sad we regret to state that two of them were injured, while one was sunstruck.The Chicago Zouaves gave an exhibition of their astonishing proficiency in military manoeuvres in Madison square yesterday, ia presence of a large number of spectators, among whom were many of- ficers of the crack corps of our city militia. In the evening they partook of a dinner at tha Laiarge Bouse. Fall acconats of these interesting affairs •are given in this morning's paper.Ta eaty applications far licenses ware receivedyesterday by the Excise Commissioners—a consi- some unforeseen and unusual disaster shouldpatioalmtae West ladles, which have, to say the f ZLt ^ - - - af»^«r-HZJ-^ • f pea**, see aswai w BSTSHJ , e Bos ns BBBBBBBBJIGeorge Steers, she is, as a matter of phia, and to secure the Prince of Wales from ther?. Edwin CroswelLj James T. Brady, John, course, a model of symmetry and beauty, beihg insulted by, the rowdies of that city,Heeeaatoeka ride oa the mooataagdaie roadyesterdaj, aad received the coagratulationa of hisaTrieoda. Aa ittrani wwasadeta tin evening to Britain are gloomy enough; for, owing to the re- take hm loreaB from the carriage aad draw him peated violent storms aad rains which have oc- through the streets. The particulars will be found curred during the spring and early summer, the fa another column.the compliments which she receives are infinite- It will be seen from tjkis list that the meeting ly more sincere than those whispered into the1and the journalists of Philadelphia are wise, they will take our view of the matter.A regular meeting of the Uoeer Dealers' Proteci.re Sods*/ was held last eveuag at their rooms I brisker market for oar abundancela ^MCastftrettThe Rebec-aaate the pleasure whieh ua> be eajnyeil b\ the pain*. ' or that eseeneat iastitutwti ia after >e*r* a* Uu»« !*»»•,, up^'a the ji:<-uirt* of these iu e*riy luip, *.,<!«.he»; >< eflB'Tyftu; from the'..' ear > on* .*rt mt--, »!i* *• <**; n-« u» '•r.:c done, aau after the tuuai routue bw-aeas they S£',C*~«.-d.NWW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, JULY 17, 1860. ~TheItetavmefMr.fleLaate—WhatOatr rhepersonsofMr.Halleckaadothers. Ifthis reverettiacjwcii,andwillundoubtedlyfindia togivethePrinceofWalesaroyalThe ateamaoip Prince AIbert, the Galway BadSew Vork line, ha* made aaotUtr of her ertreordinary eastern passages. She took but Are daysBad twenty hours to complete the passage be-tween St. Johns Bad Galway OB her last trip,thus conveying American new3 to Europe beforeit was six days old. Steamer* of this, line leaveGal* ay BOWst the rate of one ia the week, sad ssimilar arrangement will BOOB take effect oa this ducive to the highest interests of both. He and that they still shake and look aghast, and aide tf the ocean. has been untiring in hit efforts. He has gone vociferate in the broken language of alarm andThe c. ttot market continued to rule soil yesterday aad back and forth, between Washington and Vera terror. The rumbling sound of the earthquakewithout chanfe ia prices. The sales embraced about 900 Cruz, in season and out of season; he has con- under their feet, preliminary to the shock, chillsa 030 bales ia lota. Flew was steady and in lair demand; sulted with the President and conferred with their blood and makes them turn pale. Horace for common aad medium grade* of Stale aad Western aadfresh ground price* were sustained, while the higher and the Cabinet of Mexico; he has argued with Greeley, of the 7Vibane, though be does not extra grades were inactive. Southern four waa United States Senators and Mexican leaders; drink anything stronger than water, reels to ia steady request, aad prices without any change and after all. when he has consummated a and fro like a drunken man, and is at his wit'sMr. McLane intends to return to his post other, and let us know what they have done. Why he should return there we cannot con-ceive. It is now much more than a year eince The Heatings of the PolitlcaU Re»oi«-pjttaa ewBARVCYB AMSBICAW aTr«CB\**aw»x.-B»yaa4 of moment. Wheat waa steady, with a treaty calculated more than any other to give end. The immediate cause of bis strange be- ment of the sum placed in Mr. Belmont's hands places. In no former year, net even after theCoffee was BeM at m sssassi of *_. a v»c. for Ris,er refused or neglected to secure the comfort ofthe Japanese in Philadelphia, either at the timeof [their reception or during their stay at the of thinge. in the first place, New York baa Continental Hotel; and secondly, because, if thePhiladelphia police are to be rewarded in theharps upon combination against the republican CAwTKBBCrBT rOMCBRT BAIJOOX, tat Broadway.— Among them were shipments ui grain to Liverpool at skilfully devised to annul the influence of an he cannot digest it. He is sorely troubled•treat -Vaou. A n I»-which restricted sales—300 bags sold at 14c. and 200 mail Java at 16c. Freight eogag< DO aW were moderate.mittee tombs.If any policy could hare been wisely and candidate, because it sticks In his stomach andSister Anne, without seeing anybody coming.Several causes bare contributed to this 5* 'i 2 ?American Minister abroad, and to overthrowthe good he had achieved, it would have beenthat which has been pursued by the Senate ofthe United States! towards the recent treaty motion, we cannot determine where it is going with Mexico. Hope delayed has marked every to stop. Recently Greeley exulted over step of that body in its consideration of that the disruption and destruction of the demo- instrument, and finally, when party motives cratic party. He may soon have to mourn thi<> morning, the attention of our readers. In had prevailed over statesmanship and public over the defeat of the republicans. He evident- the same general chapter, in four distinct lot- spirit, and killed the treaty, good care was ly forebodes some such disaster. He wellKuriie proportion for doing nothing as the New York officers who did their duty and more, there is no longer any stimulus for the latter not any adequate punishment for the miscon-„ duct of the former.If we examine the facts in the cose, as re- gards our first point, we shall find that the Phi- ladelphia police have always been notoriously inefficient. Philadelphia is a quiet, sleepy sort of place; it gives to the stranger the idea of a large manufacturing village in a state of pro- found repose. One can fancy, without a very violent exercise of the imagination, that he hears the beetles drowsy hum in Chestnutorder of their apparent strength, respectivelybefore the country as Presidential parties, and diminished, if not destroyed, in Mexico, by the give up the contest, like the coon which came are irresistibly impelled to chose butter- we apprehend that no intelligent person will factious course of the Senate, and that even his down from the tall tree to save Captain Scott flies in the Exchange. When the Philedelphian dispute the correctness of our classification. personal influence (here was endangered by the the trouble of fetching him down with his conies to New York his ears are deafened by The several parties concerned, however, will mark- d discourtesy that had been exhibited to- unerring rifle. In this couijttry the reserve the roar of a great city. His head aches from discover, from this first instalment, that our wards the treaty be had succeeded in nego- voters, numbering a million, always come out the noise, the bustle, the excitement of the im- columns are open to all—Lincoln men, tiating. He has asked to be relieved from tush strong when their interests and their fears are mense tide of humanity which hurries him, he Breckinridge men, Bell men aad Douglas an anomalous and useless position, over and appealed to by the signs of the times. On or- hardly knows whither; like the Latin poet, he men. so far as they may be able over again, pointing out the evident fact that, dinary occasions they do not vote at all. \ But sighs in vain for the quiet bliss of his rural<!Jett ts for sessionlastaw; Theassetstarrer9reae*«; hi.cul salmagundi that we specially invite.tem, each? from a different quarter and a differ-ent sort of politician, we present the views,opinions and calculations of the managers ofthe republican party, the Breckinridge demo- the seal of secresy from the debates.knows that his party are in a minority, and that it is impossible for them to succeed, if all the conservative elements at the North unite against them. Any approach to such a combinationWhy, the i, should Mr. McLane be forced to throws him into hysterics. The union of Bell return to Mexico? He has long since urged and Donglas would blast his hopes, and if Breck-taken to prevent divulgation of the ignoble reason which had triumphed over the national policy of the President, by a refusal to removeupon the consideration of the government theures had been announced'. Consols on the 6thclosed at 93i a 934 for account, eg dividend. No to throw any additional light upon the broad as the moral force of his official representation in a revolutionary crisis like this their last home. This delightful state of things is occa-change of importance had taken place in the Ameri and general question of this Presidential con- had been destroyed, by acts to which he was vote will be polled. Greeley is aware of this, sionally disturbed by a sensation. Sometimes can produce markets. test. Thus, to intftlligent correspondents of the not a party and over which he had no control, and hence his tears and groans. the pleasurable thrill is caused by the openingThe new steamship Connanght, from Galway on four parties in the ri Id we throw open our the interests of the country and of our citizensIf the conservatives of all sections have of a new dry goods shop; sometimes by a fire- those who usually come down from the Pro-the evening of the 10th inst., is now about due at frtJohns,N.V.,withsixdayslaterEuropean » t ' » t .columns, in order that the independent Ameri- in Mexico would be advanced by permitting canpeople,throughrli-mediumofthisjournal, himtowithdrawandsendingsomenewmantoany practical sense they will take a lesson from the enemy, and give him good reason for weep- ing and wailing and gnashing ef teeth.man's fight, or an election row, and once in a longwhilebysomesuchnovelsightasthat which was afforded by the entrie of the Japa-vinces to Saratoga, Newport, Sharon and such places.TheCanadiansaresobrimfullofloyalty atthepresentmorr-it andfeel sobigatthe honor which their sovereign has conferred upon them, that they have no time for either plea sure or business. Then, again, the tide of fashionableinclinationhas altered some- what in regard to what are called the first class watering places. People who occupy comfortable booses i n townshameless way in which they are fleeced for their miserable accommodations. Instead o f going to such places, persons of means are now very generally adopting the European plan of hiring cottages in pleasant country spots, where they can enjoy rural advantages or sea bathing without being compelled to sacrifice for them all the domestic comforts to which they have been accustomed. At Newport, which is favor- ably situated for such a mode of living, the number of new villas and cottages which have been built to gratify this taste since last seasonhave absorbed a large amount of capital, and cannot fail to do serious injury to the hotels.There is but one way in which landlords at those places can resuscitate the popularity of their establishments, and that is by paying greater attention to the comfort of their guest* and lowering their charges. If they do not give heed to this counsel they may restat least, may have too means '.nd materials for Last arrived at Peneacola. whence she fi>ikd on the a fair judgment between these four contesting.the scene of labor and of disappointmentIn this Mr. McLane 1s in the right NewThe United States steam sloop-of-w BrooklynWhat adds to bis troubles hi the apprehension nese. Then the people are wide awake. Then combinations are now necessary in Mexico, and that not only will the conservatives combine, the good old Quakers shut up their houses andthough our Minister sees the fact clearly, he but that the republicans will be split by the lock their plate chests*, then the Philadelphia feelsthattheSenatehaswilfullydestroyedhis enteringwedgeinsertedbyWendellPhillips. rowdycamef°rlhin*UfliflB^ry;thenthepo- power to make them. The great objects to be Subjoined to the article from the Tribune will lice [went to sleep more resolutely than ever; attained have been clearly pointed out by him, be found a letter of this uncompromising then ruffianism became rampant, and the con-most disgracefully, insulting and annoying the Ambassadors in every possible way. So marked wasthebehavior ofthecrowd thatthe Japa- nese, although they could not understand the meaning of the exclamations of the mob, saw3lth mat. Minister McLane was a passenger on koard the Brooklyn, and would proceed to Wash- ington.Nothingnewhadoccurredinthepolitical and military affairs of Mexico.' At last accounts lliramon was at Lagos, endeavoring to reach thecity of Mexico.We have received by the Aeronaut, Capt. Sher-parties.The two moat prominent features of the let-terswhichwepublishto-dayare—first,thehigh confidence of the republicans in what they call the inevitable election of Linco'n; and,second- ly, the self-evident necessity of a combination or co-operation among the three other parties to defeat him. Thus, while the friends of Breckinridge are coa Hing about for an arrange- ment whereby they may carry Pennsylvania,trol of the city was given up to the mob. Such was the case with the' Japanese reception. Theman, files of Georgetown, Dcmarara, papers tothe nth ult. The weather had been showery forBorne time, and favorable for planters' operations,avid there waa every prospect of heavy crops,fob.pphig was plentiful, and trade among the mer- which they think will do to make up the elec-chants dull. There had been several arrivals of toral vote necessary to elect their man, the munications by steam between our ports and the Boston rebels, loaded to the muzzle withcoolies from the East indies, about a thousand of party supporting John Bell are ready to help to hers: the opening of routes of ingress and canister and grape. We perceive that theBvuomwerelandedinoneweek.Our correspondent at Falmouth, Jamaica, writingon the 2d inst., says:—The weather throughout the island, though variable, is favorable for the crops. The rum yield will be more than an average one, Bvnd the sugar sad pimento will be of the U.-t quality. Coffee and ginger promise fairly. Ground provisions and corn plentiful and cheap. Laborerssecurethelion'sshareofthevoteofNewYork egressforourrichmineral regionsinArizona, 7?ibvnewassilenced yesterday, and declined«re badly wanted by the planters, and many thou-sands of acres of virgin soil await the hands of till-ers—even the cultivated parts are not half peopled.j3u»inees very dull. Markets—Alewives 28s.per by their divisions, while Van Buren was febl., American butter Is., beef 56s. perbbl., pilotpeople nearest to them was to insult them. During the stay of the Envoys at the Continen- tal flotel, their quarters were not properly guarded, and strangers were permitted to force themselves into the private apartments of the Princes. And it has been universally declared that the conduct of the police of Philadel-tiea\.In another column we publish an article fromlatterly falleo into the hands of gamblers aadadventurers, but yachting is entirely free fromall such in? ences. and therefore the sport is rized channels, we presume that the courtone to which not the smallest objection can be newsman will form one of the prominent iraised. On the contrary, there is everything to bers pf bis suit Thus we shall have i m be said in its favor. and duly authenticated accounts of how theand they may yet be achieved by a propercourse of action. A friendly policy and amoral support to the liberal cftuse in that re- sustain Lincoln under the damaging fire of a Ambassadors were dragged at a very slow pacepublic, which shall contribute to restore peace division of his own rebellious army. The over three miles of the almost interminableto its borders^ the removal of present bare to Tribune has evidently mode matters worse by streets of the city. The police were totally divide their couches with a multitude of un- trade; the establishment of regular mail com- bringing out another shot from the big gun of powerless against the mob, which behaved pleasant companions, w> say nothing of theto Douglas, so as to throw the election into Congress, where they think Bell, in the House, may turn up our next President.It will be remembered that iu 1836. wh* t*--Icdb':ux.c*ry LLe between us and that re- 'Honest Abe" with telling effect He arrives Martin Van Buren was the regular nominee of public Tae*e are legible things, and worth at the conclusion, from the evidence which! he the democratic party, the odds and ends of the millions of dollar »early to the industry and produces, that the rail splitter is a "stave opposition put up three candidates—Harrison. commerce of each country,' and we commend hound,'' and that Horace Greeley, who supportsWebster, and White, of Tennessee—and that to the government ti|e common sense advice of him, is another. Lincoln, therefore, will neverVan Buren beat them all. They were weakened Mr. McLane to send some fresh man to finish the work he has so handsomely begun.do for the "red*' section of the republicanarmy. Such letters as that of Phillips willdamage him seriously, and the split in the phia, throughout the stay of the Japanesebrave, in reply to the feeble-comments and special pleading of Greeley, who attempted toare beginning to discover that there is BOplea- sure in being shut up in huge country caravan- saries, where people eat badly, sleep worse, andacross her territory tc the porta on the Gulf ofCaiifcrcX ' c: e. reciprocity treaty for the oxcfc- cce c r.rc*V.;cts and mails along the ex- poses the inconsistency and insincerity of very plainly that the manifest intention of theto accept the challenge of Phillips to insert his letter and reply to it. The Boston chief ex-now the divisions of the odds and ends opposed to the republican party, although representing a large majority of the popular vote, are so much weakened by their three candidates— Breckinridge, Douglas and Bell--that unlessfaction could only, in this State, be brought are getting away from town with the utmost uot be able to carry on the government, the police improve every day. The constant deserted. The facilities for summer travel toagree to a common defeat.but the police are civil and patient, and theSTRANGERS.—The tide of summer travel has settowards the metropolis with extraordinaryvigor; and while all of our own people who should be alarmed, and that he shouldArasasmeeting of eitiaeas, irrespective of party,was called for last evening at Union square, in they can all agree to pull together they must all can arrange their businees so as to make a tour labor to show that neither Douglas nor In London the mob is not so easily handled;alacrity;theirplacesinBroadway,inthe owingtothewantofsupportinCongress,andinto the same frame of mind &<? the Brooks shops, in the theatres, in the Central Park, and that "such an administration would test the accessions to our population of criminals andEuropeandtheBritishProvincesarenowso great that unless the inducements of greater economy and comfort are held out to tourists at thewaterlogplaces,theywillprefertaking either of the former trips. Let hotel keeper* then take warning in time, unless they want to f-v.C. their apprehensions of the present seasoa comericd into realities.We understand that within the lust few days there has been a marked increase in the ar- rivals at all our fashionable summer resorts. Still it is not sufficiently large to justify the expectation that the season will be an average one. Too much time has been already lost, aad too many counteracting influences are at work, to enable the hotel keepers to count upon theirpersistis ftcunymuch asy onefc- ttrO U e cThe IterssettersThe at tae.theythetodayThe Cn.i'Wash'Ailfta*A o'clock •Adaselaase r .11LBJhh hisrBrothers, of the firm of Bell and Everett, heavenand earth would be turned inside out if necessa-rytodefeatLincoln.ButwefearthatwhileMr. bypersonstowhomthegayetiesofthegreat TheHon.MaseaGreeleyappears,tobegreatly owncountry,maketheworkofthepolicehereDouglas goes forth on the holy mis-ion of.harder than it is anywhere else in the world,in fact in all places of public resort, are filled strength of any free government on earth." city are as fresh and delightful as they are alarmed about our political structure beingdisorderly persons, who flee to the metropolis from foreign parts or from other sections of ourtasteless and worn out to the tired habiluj, whoBreckinridge has been put on his track to hunt sighs for the green fields, fresh air, bugs, sea and division of parties defeating his man, and than a Philadelphia Quaker would approve of.cheerful character. It is evident that, unless editors must behave better when in the mo- the yachts to carry jib and mainsail only, hous-derable foiling off ia the recent desaad for them. occur between this and harvest time, we are tropolis. or be suppressed altogether. We ad*especially needed at this thaw, m view of theand the prise is apiece of plate. At this sea- approaching visit of the Prince of Wales, who lished considerably enlarged lists, accordinglyvise the police The CoaaaBMonara announce their intention of re- about to hare one of the most abundant years them.lookout forone, made between the owners of the yachts,two or three occasions since we have repub-questing the Police Ckinuuissiouers to furnish them which has ever bleased this country. Thewith the names of all the delinquent liquor dealers cereal crops of the West promise to afford a THE DEMOCRATIC FINANCIERS' MOVEMENT.—It breeze, and if the rule should hold on the day Washington. The Japanese knew but little ofson there is, almost invariably, a fresh southerly will pass throufth Philadelphia on his way to Jii the city who shall continue to sell without license very large yield, and the abundant return, it is appears that in giving the names of the per- of the race, there will be, plenty of sport, and what was going on about them; but the Princeas the papers pronounced for one candidate or the other. For instance, our first table con- tained only one hundred and eighty-six papers, of which one hundred and one were for Doug- las aad eighty-five tor Breckinridge. Now. however, we are able to report as to five hundred aad seventeen papers, arrangedafter thuy close their books for the year, for the purpose .of iastrtntmg proceedings against them.hoped, will enable that region of country to sons who attended the fusion meeting at the re- a wet jacket or two for some of the yachts- and the noblemen accompanying him will extricate itself completely from the financial sidence of Mr. Watts Sherman, the other day, men. thoroughly understand the conduct of the Phi- difficulties with which the panic of 1857 sur- ladelphia mob, which may be, if unrestrainedMr. Edward Beaae Underbill, of London, Secreta-ry of the English General Baptist Missionary Socio rounded It, and from which it has not since for the purpose of uniting the divided sections The race will be one of thefinestnautical con- by the! police, as insulting to the heir apparenti>. sdrhaassd a meeting of clergymen and others, of the democratic party in this city, we were tests that has ever taken place here. The yachts yesterase, at the Bible Uatoa rooms oa Broome been wholly relieved. In plain words, we hopeof Victoria as to the Ambassadors of the Tycoon.Street. He has been several years eagaged in vwit- tM» jenr of plenty will enable the West to pay not quite accurate as to the names of the imli- are both noted for speed; they are of nearly Under all these circumstances some powerful under the banners of the candidates as fol-•J0?*' *^,*»* • « «M«*«w yield of 1859, & F . Butterworth. James Brooks, Richard La- wTiIIIl" " r 7 T !that could be done for the honor of Philadel-lI«naeereoeiee4aliBtcrop, ia the shape of -aa excellent specimen ofLincoln, while it would seem that the Bell inte- probability is that there will not be an average rest was represented thfre in the person of Mr.•SW cotton from Texas.The prospects of a good crop in Greatwould be to withhold the money tendered toyield this year, in which event we shall find aUntitled DocumentBrooks, as welf as that of Douglas and Breck-1inridge. the latter of wjhom had adherents iaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069CAXBDAI—it will be j-eea by the letters of ourQuebec] corre«riondents that great efforts arebeing ejrerywhere made h the British Province* tt*X.> 1 * «*f ff**t • a ' l ' v i i . I .>..-•' •— •• ••«•«•-•» - " • •tion approaches and the fight waxes h o tIt is no wonder, therefore, that Greeleyto Europe, or fly awny for a month or ao to Bell has any strength, and that, ifIf the Douglas faction and the Breckinridge the springs, the ocean beach or mountain side either should become- President, he would people always listen to reason. In New York assured that they will soon find their houseshunting down the Southern fire-eaters, Mr.broken down, in the event of a combinationand the men are obliged to use more severitybine, even upon the same Presidential electoraltime when the Japanese arrived, a month ago, low by the next shock of the revolutionaryby the New York police, they were as safe frombathing, mosquitoes and sand flies. placing some other candidate in the Presiden-The rush of strangers to New York is greater tial chair. The real cause of his alarm, how- and the latter have thereby a greater powerdown the Little Giant. Still, we think that as ahalf a loaf is better than no bread at all, theDouglas faction and the Breckinridge factionmay be persuaded in these hard times to com- cry will be that still they come. From the thrown, but that republicanism will be Mid Therefore, while the Japanese were guardedThe mob, however, stands in awe of the police, than ever before, and all through August the ever, is not that the government will be over- than the club or the revolver could give them.ticket, in consideration of the vast quantity of up to the present writing, we have had a con- earthquake. The popular will which will bring intrusion and annoyance as if they had been incity corporation spoils, county offices, State tinuous series of excitements—the Great East- any candidate to the head of the government their' own Jeddo palaces. The city guests "suf-Legislature spoils and Congressional vacancies ern and the Chicago Zouaves being just at this will know how to sustain him against any dan- fered!some" from the Aldermen, who got up ato be looked after and provided for in our moment the chief attractions. As for the big ger that may arise, either at the North or at the ball nominally for the Embassy, but really forcoming Northern elections. ship, she is the magnet which draws the larger South, and the fire-eaters and the nigger wor- the scum of the city's population. We can usual profits.We leave our batch of letters on the subject number of our country friends, who are never shippers will find themselves both extinguished make a police, however, much more easily than'aHaiBV"HHB>*waaaBBBasBwaBMaBwsaajBi«BasaaaBBWriSmPOSITION OF THE DEMOCRATIC PAPERS O* mPRESIDENTIAL TICKETS.—We have published on two or three occasions a table of the different democratic papers throughout the country which announced themselves as supporters of the Douglas ticket and the Breckinridge tickettired of examining her vast proportions.The strangers' trade is a sort of monopoly spair. We have an interval yet of three months for New York merchants, and makes the retailtogether by the common sense and the patriot- ism of the people.we chn reform the Aldermen. They say, in England, that it requires three generations to make a gentleman, but no one could give evento the digestion of our readers; but let not theopponents of our modern republicanism de-A SPLENDID YACHT RACE K PROSPECT.—iT> an approximate idea of how long it would take within this time the defeat of Lincoln may glad to meet and greet them all, from the North, are glad to announce that there is a sensation to polish an Alderman into anything likeand a half to the Presidential election, and trade lively all the year round. So we apeSouth, East and West—all except the country ahead for all people who enjoy nautical sports good breeding, or to instil an idea of his dutyeditors, who come here for a spree, and very (and who does not?) in the forthcoming into the head of a Philadelphia policeman. They respectively, and we find that some of the olten get into the station house. They add in- race between the sloops Julia and Rebecca, are even more obtuse than the Philadelphia country papers are making complaints of ourcease to be a difficult enterprise, and become a matter of manifest destiny.THB TEAB'S CBOFH—A CHKKRHI. PROS- sult to injury by going home and giving a de- which has been arranged to take place on editors. PECT.—The reports of the crops from all quar- scription of their sprees as the habitual amuse- the second day of August The course is fromters of the country continue to be of the most ment of New Yorkers. Decidedly the country Sandy Hook twenty miles outside to windward,ThtJaPrince fulfilled daily the different important OUt to the Police—A Word functions of life).=aSIs concerned, however, it seems particularly ab-surd that any part of it should be given to thePhiladelphia police. And we protest against pects, for what they do they have to do Is He any such action in the premises, for the rea- course of a few weeks; and they had arrived atinaccuracy as regards themselves. Bat while they are grumbling they forget what we stated when we first published the list, namely, thaiWe have made these strictures upon the Phi- we made our table then only as far as we knew ing their topmasts. The match is a private ladelphia police in all seriousness. They are the sentiments of the democratic press; aad onits debts. * * vidualx present Daniel S. Dickinson, Fernando the same tonnage, and weU matched in every co: rective should be applied to the police of lows:—Sng the taissioBs la bsdja,Burmah. r>yibn and theWest Indies, sad gave aa attsreiitiag, account «f• h o * •lajaiaaei, aad of the *>eoo*es ' among whom*he> sesi lataaBill I We report at! length btawiew.« sali stBteatenta ia respect to British emanvi- porls for thai year indicate that it will not fail Sherman, Elijah F. Purdy. Gouverneur Kemble. been beaten in any race. Modelled by the KateIfcecottoa crop of the South for the past year has been a very lucrative one, and the re>the Qtiaker City. They need a stimuhw--some- North... 50 I q#ueen of the0yacht squadron. She has been in tbingtowake them up to a realizing sense of South ... 210177IWood,Mr.Schell,JohnCochraneaadJohnKel- way. The Julia stands the acknowledged ly, it seems, although invited, were not there! ,Breckinridge. IkH>g>'a$. H(*'*tov.Those who did attend fere, John A. Dix, Watts I the water she or seven years, and has never yet their duty. And, therefore, the very best thingTotal 260 2« HIf the country papers, instead of carping at our statements, would furnish us with the re- quisite information as to which king they serve, we would be better able to give correct tables-!Quumsx »OKnot Wear.—The New York Jovesil* \ - turn sent out yesterday (MonU*v , shout thrrtr eatidrr* for hoBMC is the Wert, preparatory to wfateh they visit-dphotographic rooms *aA had their lik^ae*** arj»a. .;• •Van Buren, Dean Richmond, Calvert Comstdck, 8. L. M. Harlow. Charles O'Coaor. Gerard Hal- leek, Alonzo C. Paige, John Stryker.Among yachts she holds the position of thebelle of the season at Saratoga or Newport, and them by the Japanese. If the city authoritieswas composed entirely of opponent* of Mr.velvet ear of Araminta as she sips hygeiaa draughts at Congress Spring,' or swims alongthe corridors of the Ocean House.ca, which appears as the antagonist of the Julia on tiii* occasion, has had her gncce&ees aad herfcdipn, which the inetUntion *ill prefer. e ia" th«'!r H • *** R*:cHj"nox OF THE PRIM* OK WALKS IX of BBteptiea, Tl West tbirteesUi street. Wboeaatmi There was nothing of iaportwww.fultonhistory.com 