 ate ?+r at* perd**Otawdi- * p«rrwred.ing to Mr. Lane,) I see them every*'«?*?• dwpoeal he would intercept Marin's expe^Son,' butKmixed I tktfrtjrleFree>«nd; •adtberedJafterrI'M irr>«ek on mi Strt*« i d o a t h * -b«a*e«ti- 'theSec-ili be r»-ded b/ Lit^ven- , on thedays to itc m«M- it to thebenight patched ig all the raph^ of ?ss must le South nver (or ity), and oxadb t o reducing line day*IT si* is a •d bythe|>fit by it; -reat ad- mdactly Ft i« toheartilyr-HAMP- the lata va 4,500 within a jntyseatand she >ne more Reputoi- eir busi-WS,PH.pknan in- irtDaetrt of tad closed, it inform a- lartment adispatch Hsirrtzel- iter, andthe easeDITIOIT, > I860. 5 >t>yof mv *:he 29th u^e smallB engaged s Rangers taction of e7. I have >f Reyota-rross over. ig gone to ie off ©ra- se reports. : orders toCompany iiree men, lay induce 2iev knowthere is uatry. AUSecretary before the vaoro Mr. •«>, havingaCruz ar* 1 ? h e s t a t u t ettaong thes, bat the Jetexmiaed )eparbr»eni •it that feet The wfeole allegation, d Marin's ad to bring a r&Bey of were emailown to beppoee that i icipaiing in intended toxaament of adn body of ,j be daily Mtoished a» la.h exercised jit them to* iurrendeiing tion for a»F>prejudiced. \ bias- Tai* tion fcotfk a*aa the- facts violent scene late^ whereat xch&ngedbe- ng out of the a. T3iu* £»r, -e»o«c"i|iatiou it &g t i W ttttheir votes and support the Democratic party, for it CTy for my wife, or she cries for me. [Laughter.} Korfolk to Join the Golf iqnadrpn off Vtra CAIZ. was the great friend of the laborer and protecior of But in war. the military chest is the question. You jfheateanaihipSupply^31*J*oleaveKew-Yorkfor theoppressed,;u.dwouldnotallowthemtosuffer aregoingtoconquerus,areye? WhereareyougoingCrhz. . ThesteamerBTarquia'sprisonerswerebroughtbe-jR-ie the Federal v^enxt here today.'• _ w — <»inst.Weatherthick.ingoperators,arenotonlyattemptingtiymakecapital voted to recede had he been in his *eat, bread from the families of those who wcrr*isell their*??nctannpl; c'^nr^rsaU'd m<*> *triVo withoutfindinghim-pievent publicity, but all the circum«t*:ces bare wlf subject to the p*us1r:cs imposed upon insurrection. are going to conquer the South. I lool^- around and Ileaked out, notwithstanding this cae> . see only cr.e man en tb#t eide, tbe Senat vr from Ohio, 1 am dad of-theee strike*; I glory in them, and hope (Mr. Pngh), who baa ever eeen the flashing o f a STM.Senatcr smiles, but a man may " smile and smile aud be a villain still",ne ma, >• ^ o f t ^ e slaveholders with their slave*«%.trouble they found one person. T. B. Hulr, who, toTHE ADMBCISTRATIOX CORRUPTIONS. iteywillcontixue,andIhepethedaymaybef*rdis- te. CovoaVs Cotntvrifcee commenced i*s lahurs tant T.V,:II tfoee laboirxj? who fetl themselves*..ag> grieved wi:l fail to organize ar-d to demand 'What inOnthJSside,^*>faM$&&$&there is the Senator from &**- (Mr- r*Vs~. -any of the wrcngs they . now bore. They to get your money if the Union is dissolved? Yourwere heard patiently. They had the last word, and I vessels are all in"the carrying trade, tnd we can then t will teH yon vhet-the result "was. Twelve months ago put cur cotton, rice, and morasses on other vessels,theDemocratscast 615votes,andthisyear,after whowillcarrythemcheaper;andtheSenatorfrom t o take testimony in the election case of Messrs. this attempt to turn the strikers, that party cast 615 Rhode Inland" (Mr. Simmons), over there, I would likevtfes, exactly, to a unit, what they threw last year. to know what he is going to do with his calico 1 Who HowardandCooper,isregardedasasignificant Now,Sir,ifitehouldbemygoodfortunetoaddress isgoingtobuyit?"Wewon't!Wecangetitcheaperexpressionagainstthesittingmember.Mr.How- the*epeoplewhealgethome—anditprobablywillelsewhere. Yourmanufactorieswillbebroken be,ai»l generally talk to my neighbored—I. shall tell up, for where are you going to sell your goods?ard's speech, reviewing the report of the minority of them that I vcted for this measure of free homes—this 'Xour only market is the South. You cannot sell toject to the Special Committee on Pro-Rata, "aud that that Committee be. for the purposes of thiffbHl, a Com- mittee to confer with such Committee as *he Aesembly mayappoint. Mr.Hammond4wouldag*eetoaCon-Within half a block of the principal Bftel afi Rich- mond, Va.,' is a slave jail, which, if on tbe «e«at of Africa, wouM he called, I suppose, a barracoon; oppo-ft© tanr.e destination.THE MKriliteAS rOTITl^TED SEAT.Non-Arrival of the CsasraUla. HALIFAX-,.Thursday,March"22,1860.ThevoteoftheHouse,reftrangadditionaltimeThere are as yet no cippas of the steamship Canada, ference Committee, if Rameey would noi serve on site this jail are the three great slave auctioa-rodaw of now due at this port with: Liver pool datsaof She 3Ota such Committee, to which the latter agreed. Mr. America. Their red aud black H»gn are run ont everyReligion,andScience;andthereturnwhichtheymake A private dispatch has been received here an- to us is the planting of these institutions' in their own land, and making widespread and broadcast these noonciiig ihe death of John L. Bobin^on, Marshal great principles of Liberty, Humanity, Righteousness, aud Justice, upon which the permanent foundations+opaythem? Youcanttaxyourpeople. Theywill be starving and have no money. But how shall we sta»d? We have our cotton, aud Europe is obiigsd to have it. You may cram your gran- aries to bursting, but if we Btop the supply ofI>i;ATtf:OF A UNITl^DSTATES MARSRA.L.of Indiana, and late Member of Cocgrest-. THE CAPITOL EXTENSION.INSOLVKBT' r>I7KrORS.The bill for the relief of" insolvent debtors,-a bank- in' tbi* the slaves are stripped; and tUeu titer are in-Another screw loose.To th« AMOcteted PT«M.Wxsmsr.ros, Thursday, Match :£, 1860.great State, or a powerful State, but we always mean to with England. Before God, I would just aa soon con-'•''.* DOMESTIC AjrnsrjtLs.Mr. Roteh, from the Standing Committee on Agri-the Secretary of the Havy to Land the embassy to the •country at Kew-York, but our Consul-General urgesin all past time. It was the bone of contention which divided the Republic of Rome for six hundred years,of the South have been kept quiet for a time on the("institution."from Prussia in 1857, which was adopted. and abused agrarians, who contended so long for thatThe bill to establish mail routes in Kaaeas was great measure of equality and justice.passed. " Mr. W ADE advocated his motion to take up theernment is a lens, through which the powers of the States are concentrated. I am no Disunionist. I wish to God these thirty-three States might exist for allConhocton County.The Committee of the Whole took up the bill to^liccRnaKGTOTHETRIBUNEANDTHESUNDAVT SCHOOL ADVOCATE INDICTABLE OFFEXSES4 1be true, just, patriotic, and liberal. Iwould say to these men, if your walks of laborare so-crowded you cannotfederate with Old England as with New-England. They are our own blood. I am an Englishman. We are all Anglo-SaxoDS. We have happened to throw off the dominion of the Crown. W e have confederatedto-culture, T*ported the Apsemblybill for the improve-was agreed to, aud the bill was ordered toatbhd down to show the elasticity of hip limbs; and VariousJHrosperously remain, then help me give away theseventionrthen adjourned1.reading.TUK BROOKL YN'W A TER ACT.Mr. Lawrence, trom the Committee on Cities and Villages, to which was referred the bill to amend the act to provide for the supply of the City of Brooklyn with water, with power to report comp'ete, reported the bill this nrcrning with a slight amendment, when itwas ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, orry RAILROADS.The Assembly tot-k up three of the six CityRialroad bills, which had been made a special order to-day, aud after debate reported progress, when •expedients are resorted to by tho auctioneer to nuke tbem smile or laugb as they sell better wheTTXsheerfiiL I have seen female slaves eold there, withSua year,so white that I could hardly believethey haaPa "droj> of 'African blood in their vein?.The Virginiagentleman on one occs^onacco^u-panicdf me at the auctions. Saw me trying to supprace ittvor--Consul*Ctaoer&l Harris, writing from Yeddo to theSecretary of State, says that American affairs th*re lies, waiting for the footsteps of civilization and the getherfor eertainpurposes, and you have broken the bar-anda in die Great West; throw open this valley as it•are in an unsatisfactory condition. The Japauesefevadethe faithful observation of the most important of thetreaty fctipulafciona, or meet them with a passive re-iistaccf. He adds that he is unwearied in his eifortsto convince the Government of the dangerous courseit is framing, and until its eyes are o:eoed to theperils it ineura by its present course, no change for thebetter can be looked lor. The documents sent to the{Senate to-day mention the tact that Ix>rd Etgin hasrequested, the Japanese to ^end an Embassador dire«t perhaps, hereafter invoke the attention of the country. together for common defense and general "welfare. to England, bnt they evaded the application, giving The principle involved in this bill is one which has Yon falsify history when you come here and say ourthis cenrtry the preference. Orders were sect out by divided the friends of free principles and of aristocracv forefather s were fighting for the Union. The peopleMr. YTJLEE, from the Post-Office Committee, re- House Homestead bill, which he showed to be -more time. And if we cbuld only teach these Republicans ported a bill in relation to undelivered letters. It pro- liberal in its provisions than the Senate bill. He ex- anything—if they could road and understand and com-amend the act to establish, regulations for the Port of headway in draining the State Treasury. There has Com*»pond«}cee of Tho N. Y . Trlbtm*.N6w-York. '•"been already drawn from the Treasury the sum of H A R F O R D CO., Md., March 15, I860.'vides that persons, by indorsing their names on letters sent, can have them returned, tree of additional charge, when undelivered. The bdl was passed.tinder the Senate bill very little land that wa3 worth anvthing could be takt n up.understand "anything," thore would be no difficulty/ The ox knoweth his owner, the ass knoweth his mas- ter's crib. But the people will not understand; New-The bill to alter the map of the City of New-York, present one, was to complete the work. The real factsof the leaders of this now misnamed party in this State and in Corgress has driven me from them* aud I am not the only one-here. Thekceoxseia onr State Legulature, ju*fc adjourned, has met with* universal condemnation, aDd not one act of that- r .soundest principles of justice and philosophy, it is a England, which by Federal legislation had got rich, rote in favor ol th's Homestead bill. My experience and.kept the other sections poor. Tie thought nothingciety, into Connecticut, and that if promises or threats,To incorporate the Southswestern Mining Land Com- money or at y other inducement could obtain tho votes, Hon. Henry Wilson will address the c i r c u s of Con-in this Government has long ago told me, and satisfied betur could occur than a dissolution of the Union. New-England would then beg the South to come back.they would le had by election; (3) day that thewhile tie great body of the laborers in and about the Fewtown —Mouday evening, March 20.me, that not one of the old States can ever derive any Her spindle* would cease to turn, ftfcd her ships rot at direct benefit from the public lands. W e have the wharves; her sailors and operatives, turned out to tried it in every possible way. ' We tried starve, would burn and eteal. He also drew a pictureFrom Oar Own Correspondent.Ar.iiANv, Thursday, March 2lJ, I860. factories were Republicans; and as these laborers M'oodbrry.—Wednesday «veu>us, M»iclt 29.to get a grant to aid agricultural colleges, of a mob of deceived and infuriated poopl© beariug ou hut we found a dead majority against us.On themotion of Mr. ETHERIDGE (S. Aim, Tenn.) the billwas tabled by a vote oi 181 agamst 51.The Bouse proceeded to the consideration of the resolution declaring it inexpedient to grant further tirre. to Mr. Ccoper of Michigan, whose seat is con- tested bv Mr. Howard, to take testimouv.' Mr. CAMPBELL (Rep., Pa ) spoke in favor of, and Mr.STEVENSONagainst,theresolution.Mr. HOWARD spoke in support of his claim.Mr. Hammond opposed the motion, and spoke at trade," though the real reason was the incorruptible ate to the bill for the protection of females _on board length against it If tolls, fall canal tolls were to be integrity.of the voter d'lsrnissed.An appeal was made to the heart of this Government pole? the head* of Seward and Ha*e. If these men by one < f the greatefct philanthropists that ever lived, only knew the South was in earnest, they would keepM&B Dlx, who came here and appealed to the heart of quier; thc-y were not the men to coin then hearts' the Government, aud a*fced them, out of the great blood into drachmas. There is nothing for these meuabundance of their land, to give but a pittance to the lo understand but that the South is united. There isgreatest philanthropic schemetheagehas witnessed, ltothirrj,'fortbem to understand but what theDemo-to wit: something for the indigent insane. That appeal crats have told the Northern people, that there is a w was listeied to by Co»gi***», bat wa* met by an Execu- possibility cf the 'lissolution of this Union; then tbeirtive veto. Kv^xj possible means suggested, by which lips will be*Bealed aud tlieirmcutha will be quiet. That the old States could get aaj >>eaedt, has utterly failed, ie true, HL.d they know it. Yet they are going on, tryingRAILROAD TOLLS.We had.au interesting time in the Senate, to-day, on for the support of their fsimihes, the rich Democraticthe question of tolling railroacs. When the bill came manufacturers were discharging those Republicans back from the Assembly with a message that that body whoso votes they could not influence, and putting inhad non-concurred iu the essential amendments to the their places snob laborers a*, would promise to vote theand in a great measure from the votes of the party to suppose that this a farce that wo are playing. I tell tb< ni the day has passed when farces are pkiyed,The House'concurred hv the amendment of the Sen-with which the Senator from North Carolina is con- and the -play h«« reached that point when it will.be- nected and acts. Let me ».ay on« word about some-emigrant vessels. Adjourned.y imposed en the Erie Railroad, the simple resultwould be that that road would- be compelled ejection, their plans were (1) to wipefrom the statutes to stop bin-mesa, the Southern tier would relapse'1 Ithing to which refereni'e was made—I mean those come a tragedy. I rise here to make no threats; butassociations of journeyim-a laborers, which bejjanWith this people at the North have been misled, and those the shoemakers, and by otrnich they have struck, and who mislead them don't believe we are in earnest. I• the sinke has become very general. I hope, Sir, it should be recreant to my trust were I to Btaud herewilleouiiiKtodos/>.Mysympathiesarewiththem, aLdtayIdilnotbelieve,uponmyconicieucoaud 4* and I hope they will combine and confederate until upon mv heart, tliat no Black Republican cau everbe thehiglest possible amount eon-intent ~with the pros- inaugurated President of the United States.If«iiv-Jfersey Xeeislatiire.It was announced some months since that a numberiVEW-YORK BAIL V TRIBUNE,FRIDA Y , MARCH 23, 1860. Fiu-tiier Mexican lews*'Sfr.wvQzu.ZA.NS, Thursday, March 21,1860. TieMexicanm^ifeofthe11thinst,areathand.tvi-pftWce the P*nnsyiv*nia election*. Mr. Weo- «*iuU0i», what rcay be inloiinaron to them, this prh>' Theieia the Senator from Texas (Mr. Hemph %'•cip:« is tot) ueep?* W*S$ hnd the people too intelligent He and I have fid en salt pork in Florida. W • he subsequently determined, oh«a; strictly neutrafswree<4t*£ iteB, who appears to be the general pivot witcess, for it to be tuned into ?By political channel.' I live in were there together fighting the Couiauches the day unless forced to do otherwise. fess'beatified as to the appropriation ma«ze fcr Mr. cr.e of the largest mannfacvutingtowna in Now-Hanp- the Declaration of Indeperdendence was made in« . , - • - . ' .givingawayofthelandtothosewl»couldtakethemj us,andyouhavenocarryingtradeexceptfor us,card and I w»aid justify it ia this manner: I weald say, how are you going to make any money? How arejT>ei224>£ratie MeetSssgr i n II»8»fc#»r<*. Seme of the Senators who voted with the majority hoteh An average businesB, 1 was told wSdle attend- HARTFORn,Thursday,March23j1«G0. against recedingare infavorof aTellbillrand will ingthesales, is «nc hundred a'dSay. Iha^myaeJfCaleb Gushing addreeeed an audience of 5>r000 vote for one finally, though probably not exactly*the- peen hundreds eold there of ah1'ages, from the infant at/ eople in this city this evening. The meeting was Houee bill. the breatt to gray-aeaded men of sixty: and of alltheComoatttee,andestablishingtheirinconsistencywhen c<mpartd wi*h Mr. Yallandighatn's cai» in We in Nsw-England have a small territory, a sterile Eyou going to get any money under Custcm House tax-the last Oongxes*, was keen and scatb*ug. The soil, and & severe climate; hot against all this we have ation ? Cotton is king and we can ship our owncot*- eld ;n tbelarge National Hall, erected for thc-Denw>-MJ2>'lSON AVKNUE.Among the bills read a third time and paseed in fSfe colors, from tbe ebony black to- the Sttudsoute, wefl-case now goes back to tfce Committee, and wiB be reported in a foxtught.contended, atd have sent out, from tie beginning of un. You wil^ blockade us, will ye '1 Well, these crats for thro campaign to accommodate thoir irxmeneeour history, our ycung men to people tie We&L carry-ing with them the principles of Civilisation, Lcberfry, then, if ordy to get gros: with, and how arc vou goingimd&tivnxrg appeals to the • patriotism of the people. of New.York", sons to author:-/e the opening of Madi- If a male, the blacker, the higher the .price; if a fe- HearguedthatthedoctrinesoftheRepublicanstended' sonavenuefromForty-secondtoSeventy-nmthstreet. male,thewhiterandbandeomer,tJiVhxg^trandmoreof national prosperity must forever be reared. cotton for one week, England would be starving. I would appeal to my fellow-citizens, and ask them if Queen Victoria's crown would not stand on her headMr. Bright introduced a bill to-day appropriating they regretted what they had dona in the past ? I one week if the supply of eotton was Btopped; nor$500,000 for the Capitol extension, with a clause would say, I look around in Michigan, Iowa, and the would her head stand on her shoulders. You wouldother new States, and they are sending back the not carrv our cotton! Wouldn't ye ? Well, I expect virtually nullifying the recent contract for mono- sons of New-Hampshire to-represent these principles in it would travel under the Union Jack—and that is a.lithic columns made by the Secretary of War. the NationalGovernment. We never expecttobea prettysafe flag. Then we would be confederatingRaalsrioadConvention.L:ouisvir.r,K, Thursday, March. 22, I860.ruptactintroducedbyMr.Sessions,whichreleasesin- spected before theyare*put'upon the"bibA. Uponsolvents who shall surrender what property they may the block, the legs, arms arrdbreasts of both sexes arohand of isdustry. You will thus build up new mar-kets to which the products of your industry may becarried. I could appeal to them even.on the low prin-ciple ol selfishness to give away these lands, and our ancestors. Not a drop of blood was shed for the• < g ;open thtm to the culture of civilization, and Union. No, Sir—it was for Liberty. Our forefathers:P • \? , Ithus make new and increased markets for the products of their labor. But, Sir, this measure has a higher and broader aspect, and. to that I invoke the attention of the Senate, and shall,fought fcr seven long years, but they fought for Lib- erty ; and when George JLUd recognized the independ- ence of these thirteen different colonies, they agreed,!3 uhtaxy shudder at ihe sale of a heautifc*3'quadroca^who •supposition that Gen. Washington or Cen. Jackson, that they be brought directly to Washington. They and the friends of this measure were denounced by the or the Almighty, had at some time formed this Union,Yet, this is the "institution'' that the Connecticttv Mr. Conklihg moved to anend by instructing the Democracy propose to domicile in their State for nirwwill be entertained at the public expense. The high -dignitaries and servants number seventy-three.Committee to report the substitute offered by him in months iu the year, provided they cancaiTytbis-coming Committee of the Whole (the general Railroad billintroduced in the Senate by Mr. Manierre), and on that State election. It ia this " institution" that the National'and old King' George had come over here with somoHessians to break it up. That waB the impreseion, mock, were announced to day in the House as the Se- went down with it. True democracy makes a poor and for seven long years they shed vast quantities ofMesfcra. Hoard, Case, Hnrnhaxu, Bonham, and Dim-was not put down until the liberty of the countryI'.lect Coamittee on Mr. Hoard's resolution, directing anejuuxdraticn into the charges made in debate in De-cember last, by Messrs. Haskin, Adrain, and Hickman,aristocracy of Rome as agrarians; but this agrarianiBmshow in history, because generally the pen of history blood, and they whipped old Goorge out. You say it has been held by aristocrats; and these agrarians who, was of Divine origin, and you have forced us to con- for thousands oi years, have been denounced, were in sider two questions: First, whether Slavery is a fact the only true friends of conservative popular lib- moral, social and political evil. And in the nexthe called for the yeas and nays,Mr. Jaques objected to Mr. McQuade's motion, andcomplained that the opponents of the bills had had noopportunity of being heard before the Committee onCities and Villages, but as the thing seemed to be set,he would not make any motion. When a great outrageDemocracy propose to establish and perpetuate in everyr Territory of the Union, provided they carry the Presi- • dential election.Their theory and practice South is that capital-should' own labor and vote for it; their theory and practrceiu''•against the President, of seeking improperly to in-fluence tb*ir official action on the Leiompton bill- Mr. erty the Republic of Rome, ever -saw. All they ever place whether this Union was, cemented by theBonham asked and was excused from serving on the Committee.contended for was a fair and equal distribution of the blood of our ancestors, and whether it is treason public lands. They claimed that the people, furnished to consider whether we are living under the best the sinews of war, and bv their victories they achieved fcim of Government. We have come back to thewas to be perpetrated he rather preferred to see itdone in a dashing, highwayman-like manner. Mr. Connecticut teems to be that capital, if it can't-ownMcQuade replied that the object of recommitting these and vote for labor, should at- least control the'Votee of*billsvasthav.theymightbeamended,andthatthe thelaboringmen,andcompelthemtovoteforwhom"The St nate Judiciary Committee, t© whom the sub-jectwa«referred,navedecidedtoreportonthe theconquestofthepublichind;auditwasfairfor conclusion at the South,thatweare livingmexpediency of reporting a General Bankrupt bill at them to enjoy a little of that which their valor had under the beet, form of government instituted by man.promissory note,, commeaced in the Superior Court parties might have an opportunity to appear befora itpleases. Connecticut is emphatically an industrial' present.A resolution was reported by the House Committeeon Elections against allowing* Mr. Cooper (Dem.),won. For that they were stigmatized as agrarians. The States having the right to legislato on all subjects But when the true meaning of that much-abused term of domestic interest, and the Federal Governmentis understood, there is n< man,that will not glory in being being the organ through which they arrange theiridentified with the great agrarian party, the party of foreign relations, it is the best government that everto-day.x•—Fir«t ftt Y ellow Springs, Ohio.YELLOW SPRINGS, Oi, Thureday,iMarch 22,18(50. The large agricultural implement manufacturingthe Committee to oppose or advocate.Mr. Conkling's motion to instruct the Committee toreport a gener.-il bDl was lost,, receiving only 15 votes to 96 against it. The 15 who voted for Mr. Conkling's motion were Messrs. Barnett, D.* Clark, Conkling,State; a large majority of the voters are laboring morr^ and very few of them could be persuaded, bought, o* driven to vote for this Wgus, misnamed Dernocracyj if' its real plans, principles, and intentions were clearly;! ! i'ISjtwhose seat is contested by Mr. Howard, further time popular liberty and popuiar rights, that has been' existed. When I came here, I saw this Capitol, wentto take testimony in the case. The resolution was abused by the usurpation of aristocracy. It is that to the Navy-Yard and to the different Departments,opposed by all the Democrats and Southern Opposition- feeling to-day whieh demands that the masses of this and saw all the power and wealth. I reflected, andists present, except Messrs. Anderson of Kentucky, country shall have the right to take possession of the Eaid Texas is a part of tliie. This is the agencyand Davis and Harris of Maryland.XTtXTlTH CONGKESS. FUEtST SESSION.callingonthePresidentforinformationrelativetothe theyevercarefoTsohumblean,individual,thanto powerofthisGovernmentI feelnojealousy,but expuhuon of a naturalized citizen of the United States have my name ranked with that of those proscribed am proud of it. I have no terror of it, for this Gov-establishment of Messrs. Dane, Ewing 4k, Co. was de- Cook, Dencb, Flagler, Fuller, McFadden, Masterson, laid open to them. The intelligent workingmen -ofpublic domain, and convert it to civilization—to. cou-vert the wilderness into the abode of industry^ labor,and prosperity. That is the real principle of tbis greatmeasure we are contending for, and we are contendingupon the same ground ou which the Republicans of It merely concentrates the rays. It ia the groat lumi- Rome contended through all their history. I desire to nary of heaven, the bright eye of the universe that weworshiping, labor-oppressing oligarchy a. W aterloo- second Committee of the Whole, with a view to send- defeat. They can if they wilLSENATE W ASHISCTOK, March 22, 18G0.Mr. SEWAKD (Rep., N. Y.) introduced a resolution be no better known to my.owfl timo, or to posterity, if have an admiration for. Thus, when I look at tbeINTERESTINGplained the differences in the two bills, and said that prehend anything, or if we could make themOn motion of Mr. SPINOLA, the enabling clause '$293 381, and here goes '$30,000, of course. Each of I have always been a strong advocate of the- was stricken out. the half dozen appropriations heretofore made, like the Democratic party and ita principles, but the actionMr. JOHNSON (Dem., Ark.) opposed the motion ofMr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) presented a petition in Mr. Wade. He could not see why the Senate should England will not consider. [Laughter.j New-En-above One-hundred-aud-twenty-fifth street, was then taken up. * -Mr. McLEOD MURPHY moved to include-James Gordon Bennett, jr., aa one of the Commissioners. Lost.. Mr. SPINOLA moved to insert the name of Fred- erick Hudson. Lost.in tbe case, as 1 leain from good authority, are, that the appropriation is sought to prolong a good "job."SCHU1XER COUNTY. To the Editor of The AV. Y. Tribune.favor of the Homestead bill. abandon the bill which it had matured. The Senate gland has always lived upon charity and always will. A large portion of the morning hour was occupied bill was the special order, and its consideration should TheJLord had macadamized New-England aud putwith the consideration of the local bill, relating to the be nroceeded with. He referred to Mr. Hale's re- authorizing the Corporation of Washington to contractA number of bills were presented for reference. the cry of " free homes for freemen," being fearful sible fcr them to live there. Every New-England Mr. BRIGHT (Dem.. Ind.) introduced a bill for the that under the pressure of starvation they would desert man knows they cannot live out of this Union,a debt of $220,000, wherewith to build a new market marks as insincere and demagogneical; he (Hale)house. wanted to hold ou to the canaille of New-England by The. sea gulls can live most anywhere, but it is impos-The bill was then ordered' to a third reading.prosecution of the work on the Capitol. Referred. him and his party. The Senator from New-Hampshire Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Public had thanked Gcd that these strikes had taken place,Lands, reported back to the Houce the Homestead bill, but he (Johnson) had never before heard God thanked •with an amendment striking out all after the enacting on the other side of this Chamber except in connec- clause and' substituting the Senate bill on the 8ame tion with the Slavery issue. He hoped the Senateyet they are not content to live with us. But they must be inttiferingimpertinently with every- body eke's concerns. It is the character of the people. [Laughter]. They left England in quest of liberty, and went over among the Dutch, who left them alone. But the Dutch would not let them interfere with any-for taxes was put forward complete; also the bills to provide for the appointment of Deputy Gasmeter In- spectors, and to remove obstructions in the Harlem River. Adjourned.ASSEMBL Y .The Personal Liberty bi'l, under the call for Yeasend Nays, was made' the special order for Monday evening. 'proposition to annihilate the county, would probably mies, and bo certainly has now moie sincere and true be met by a resolution of its citizens to Btay where they rieuds than before. This course oi* proscription? fire; upon the condition, however^ of equality of en- has now "been carried out by a few of those dema-oyment of the rights and privileges of the citizens of gogues in this county. Our newly^elected Sheriff all the other counties of the State. Your suggestion being a Democrat, he Rumnioned" a Democraticthat the act of the Legislature no-ic called-for, icillprobably have the matter in a worse shepe than ever, didate for the State Senate. Their first act was toi•would adhere to its own bill.subject. Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Tenn.) wa3 pained to see a body else, so ther came to New-England. You dareGrand Jury, the foreman being a badly beaten can-i1 ,-.;On motion of Mr. GWIN (Dem., Cat.) the bill for party direction given to the consideration of this great not deny that. The Dutch would not let them perse • -constructing the Pacific Railroad and Telegraph was measure. It was a great measure for elevating the cute anybody, and persecution was the only happiness taken up, in order that certain amendments might be common man, and extending civilization. He Knew they knew;"so thev came to New-England, where introduced and printed. Agreed to, and the bill and that the House bill could not pass this body, and the they persecuted theliaptists and the witches [laughter]The bill to pTeeerve wild game, birds, and fish, was covers the whole ground. H legislative quackery only summon before them the Postmasters, to-informamendments ordered to be printed.The Homestead bill was taken up.Mr. W ADE (Rep., Ohio) moved to strike out allafter the enacting clause, and insert the House Home- stead bill.true friends of the Homestead principle should take —and since that time they have been propagandists. that which they cculd get. In 18-16, when it was Do we trouble you '! Do we publish pam-referred to be reported complete.A majority report was made in favor of the bill toincorporate the Hoboken Williamsburgh Railroad. The report of the select Committee of nine, madeyesterday, coming up lor acceptance,Mr. COOPER moved to bferike out of the bill all re-lating to the State Agricultural College.,* The bill pro- posed to ielea&e them from a mortgage of $40,000 given to the State for money loaned. H8 thought the'Stato could not afford to be so liberal in the present cendition of its finances.them if UDV incendiary or inflammatory document* aggravates the evil it professes to cure, why repeat an cninc to thoir offices, and who took thj&m.. Theyinefficient dose. But if indulgence must be granted tothe " tendency to seek special legislation for the ac- had decided among themselves that T H E . T R I B U N E " complislunent of objects attainable under general and the Helper Book were such; so their question*were confined to them. But they soon found, that "laws," why not pass an act in accordance with the there were too many who take and road therm torecommendation of the Judges of the Supreme Court of indict all. By cross-examination and considerableMr. CLINGMAN (Dem., N. C.) explained the tentions of par -ies.amendmetu offered by him. He was opposed to the Mr. W ADE withdrew his motion.policy of giving away th« public lands, bnt as a ma- Mr. WIGFALL (Dem., Texas) said he could notthe Sixth Judicial District to leave to a vote of theelectors or tax-payers of the county the question get T H E T R I B U N E at a lower rate, bed-procuredintroduced, it was not a party measure, and it passed the House by a two-thirds vote. It should be acted upon in the same spirit now, aud kept out of the con-phlets ? Do we go to New-England and at- tempt to interfere with your institutions ? Yen call us the Slave States, and yourselves the Free States. W e could with propriety call you the Free- negro States, and ourselves the Free-white States. I should like to see one of you gentlemen come to Texas,jority of both Houses seemed in favor of it, he wished agree not to regard this as a party question. Involv- and ask a white man to black his boots or curry his to do away with some objections to the bill. The bill ing, as it did, the power of the Government, it must horse. He might get curried himself: Yet I can doMr. PALMER explained that the bill did not release whether the Courts phall be held at Havana or Wat- some friends to join with him iu a CltiK They the mortgage, but made it a second mortgage for the kins? Thus only can the question be permanentiy presented him, and found him guilty of a. oritneprecedents for* the policy proposed in the bill.Mr WIGFALL was sorry to hear any Democrat ception, and instead of a Legislative Assembly, theof its votes. Indeed, the whole State will do theAx OLD DEMOCRA T. * REJ-i HLICAN MJ*KTI»«3 >N CuN\NKOTrr.vT.—Thereicr to precedents. If they are accepted, banks, tariffs, internal improvements, and go forth, could be justified. He then denounced the polity of New-power should he invested in some other tvibunal,"which would prctect not only the inhabitants of Utah, but the rights of the entire nation.To amend the charter of the Juvenile Delinquent So- eering influence of men, money and documentshis name to 6he ot # # »3 ^mmanie^JaryiF^t appeaiij, dSrst proposed that if to him for thai.vote. He had supposed at the time it season, MfrgBf to£ ^ v c o u l d 4 v o i d the dagger. wae given that it was given on thQ matured judgmentto-day. Vegitnin* with ibe*xpeudU-re-< "f wooer usTM j»-nv»^uv wv^? t°•J?§ ikht. Aud! lot me ieU •need in ot»r tomy. There is another; front- JMrez would" place the Xnainnola anu WaVe at his of the Senator as a proper vote for a Statesman to , at the end of the eeasdO. tw ^ ^ N e w „ T o r k K * ^cast under the rircmnetauces; and not grven in consid- , d f . a t x a n ^ t h r o u g h t h e ^ e ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^eration of receivipg'other votea for other measures.*The subject wae further dificuesed by Messrs. Lapbaur, (With other xrerchandise direct frrt® t~Goes, Sessions-, Grant, FIOTO, BeU, Warner, and big* Southern market. /w*s era and finally resulted in a refusal of the Senate Totiny organized a strike there, and some of the foul who understand these things. But over on that side I Y^ASfMean* B«"» Ferry, Gow, MoGraw, Munro^ *. P. school. That word " Democratic' xaemt one wile ** «&jo£» secrecy hert after, to prevent the chvalnUoa birds of the party thought that this strike could be see none. [Laughter.] You are going to conquer us, ance^ "v- - .' "'•' i Murphy, PrOBser, Bamsey,. Richmond, Botch, Warner, in favor of a government whereof' the pesopleraJefare ye ? Blood is a very common fluid; it is worth Tl e two Spanish men-of*war at Sacrificios wer& seenoffe&e TejKiitK, and prwecut* ihe inqoiy moire turned iuto political effect, and thev came to nrr ctty iu very little, and if a man is killed it don't amount to for 86v ^& 1 nights taking Wir materials ashore for ' ^MAYst-MeMri. Bttit, Cotein ^ft'J'Tfrih?^^ not wherein capital rules. The Ccft&efetiout JD^moc-fcbire, whe:e the sbomakers cay to their journeymen An intercepted letter. to'Miramon g%s the Capital ht „Fk>rerct,\»Dwttiei.T.eCommitteewiTlpcobablysemetwentythousanddollarspermonth.Well,Sir,Texaf.IlookonthiseideandseeeverywheremenBtTricu6ythreatenedbytheLiberal?,andasksassist-recedebvaavoteof12to19,asfallows:; &:l>'£Now.,I4ahntobeaDmoatpf^^^McfieetiveV- the Saturday night before the election on Tuesday, and much. It is a matter of small ccneequ ince to me, sndtley undertook to make the whole of the strikers vote so far as the masses are concerned, it is mat- Miianion. .," •ACCESSIOSSTOTIIF.GVLFSQLADftOS. forwhattheycalled"the"Democraticparty. They ter of very little consequence; .and if I TwotlQg^of tracetotheFrenchandBritish.Co'n- The steam; fr^te Focohont** iR ordered ffumi called the strikers together, and conDseledthem to turn were to die to (fay it would ha a question whether I tuis-fiom Mn'auon had been refused, entrance to VeraGrant. Honmfcmd, Hmhd«»e, Krtly, Ketch.**, $9*52L,fe? racy, it seems, by the confession of ctfe of their lead-;naval officers would like to have a little pay now and" audience. 3t was a. splendid speach of close reasoning Senate to-day, was a-bill to alter the map- of the City rounded, bJack-eyedr and strait,- eoft4tah^T)riSBette.gain ; and then you come in here, and impiously bring in the Word of God to oppress ue, and pretend the Union is divine in its origin, and yon falsify history by pre- tending that this Union is cemented by the blood of"Wise Delegates to Charleston.NORFOLK, Va., Thursday, March 22,1860. The Seventh Congressional District Convention to- day elected Myers W . Fisher and George Boker as delegates to Charleston, and Z. J. Beall and Gen. Taliafeiro as alternates. The Convention expressed a unanimous preference for Henry A. Wise, for the Presidency, and passed Btrong resolutions against"Squatter Sovereignty."Ironmasters' Convention.PHILABEI/PHIA, Thursday, March 22,1860. A Convention of the Iron Manufacturers of Penn- sylvania met this morning—the object being to secure an advance in the rates of duties on foreign iron. A Committee on Resolutions was appointed, which in-cludes three Delegates to the Chicago Convention.Death of a IT. S. Marshal.RUSHVILLK, Ind., Thursdayj March 22, 1860. The Hon. John L. Robinson, United States Marshalof Indiana, died at 6 o'clock lust evening'.Trial for Fc/rjjjerv.BOSTON,Thursday;; March 22, I860. The trial of Isaac F . Shepard, cu the charge of forgingthenameofJamesF.Blakeasindorseronathrough which she and the other Departments exercise then sovereign powers. I see ail tins, and, as I said to to my friend from Missouri, the other day, " It reminds me of a lens—as it is vulgarly called—a burning glass."stroyed by fire last night. The loss ia about $50,000.KEW-YOEK LEQLSLATUEESENATE....ALBANY, March 22.1860. The bill passed by the Assembly, relative to the sale of btamped bottles rued for mineral water, &c, wasordered to a third reading. Mr.HAMMONDreportedfavorablythebilltoerectPowell, Richardson, Robinson, H. Smith, Tobin, and Connecticut owe it to themselves to give this slave- Varian. Mr. McQuade's motion to recommit was thenthe sti-nes on top of the soil, so that nothing can be raised, and they have to live oft" their neighbors now.SIR: The remedy you prescribe in your issue of the bedy can the party point to as being a popuiar act; 19th inst., for the troubles in Schuyler(Couut.y, is re- Even the vote of censure cf H Winter Davis doe» The bill relative to the sale of lands of non-residents markable for being ingenious aud impracticable. Your notmeet with approval, even among his political ene-required a TM«^ to work live years continuously on the give rise to a party issue. If this Government was that at the North, and you call that Freedom. No, Sir; purpose of enabling the College to make a loan of § settled, and you obtain the peace you crave.which, in Maryland, is punishable with uot leaathan 10 years imprisonment m the Peiutentiary.Against one S. B. Walton they also found a bill, for having n copy of Ike " Impending Crisis,'* and for loaning it to his neighbors. A poor, educatedhu.d in order to get a title. A man might find the eleemosynary in its charactei—it' it was established to we live in the Free States, where every white man,place unhealthy, and want to go away. H he did so provide for the halt, blind, lame, deaf, etc,—if it'could thank God I feols that he is the equal of every otherunder the existing law, he would lose all the labor he •give lands to the landless—why not niggers to the nig- white man; but you live in States where every negro$30,000 on the iim mortgage to furnish the buildings. Mr. VAN ALSTINE seated that the security of toe State would be even betler after tiiis $30,000 wore ex- pended, than now. This is the oirly institution belong-INSCHUYLER,CONNECTICUT.had appKed. Therefore he proposed to give the title gerlees—it might reopen the African slave-trade on feelBthat he is the equal of every white man, andat once, and the party could remain or sell out at mit^ionary grounds, and bring negroes here to be con- every white, man does not feel that he is the equal ofpleasure. He said further that there were many citi- verted. He always dealt with things plainly andtacked Mr. Hale's theory of agrai ianism, and read Cicero in opposition thereto.Mr. HALE—The extract the Senator is reading isbiroue of cheiishing, and he hoped there would be no SIR: Aic the Republicans fully aware of the efforts black man who has been taking THE Tftira'NK for delay on the bill.zens who could not avail themselves of the benefits ofthe bilL He, therefore, proposed to give every man inthe United States who came under the provisions ofpractically. The proposition was to give homes to the homeless. Now, if we could give lands, why not give money ? If they were to give lands, he should proposeMr. Coopei 's motion was withdrawn. | now making by the Slavery-extending Disunion Dem- the last six years, at Havre do Grace, was alxoMr. COKKLING moved to strike out from the re-1; ocratic party to cariy this State ? indicted.port of the Committee of Nine, the bill to authorize the! According to the size of the State, more money, doc- Not satisfied with this, they next made, an at-sale bythe State to the_City of New-York of lands iu; tack on the Methodists, who are numerous in. thisthe bill a warrant for 160 acres, and he could occupyor sell out as he pleased. He argued at some length to give ea*-h man $160 in cash, and pay him mileage to one of the many libels uttered against agrarians fromin support of the justice and propriety of his proposi-tions. He looked upon the Homes«tead bill as aai work them. He thought three would be a t t e m p t t o l e g i s l a t e u p o n t h e s u b j e c t o f l a b o r . _ H i s e n o u g h , o n e w o m a n , o n e m a n a n d a c h i l d amendment had the great virtue of equality, as it pro- with the pro pect of a large increase. [Laughter.] posed to make an equal division of the public lauds Mr. Wigfall then went into an examination of theamong all citizens. power* of the Federal Government, and contendedMr. PHGH (Dem., O.) said he would show that it that as the trustee of the Southern States, it had nobad been the fixed policy of the Government ever light to vote away their lands. In the course of his . since it acquired territory to give awuy the public,T:, -,-,,• > ii t uxhents, speeches, and direct pcraonal eppeals, areand he wished further Trie bill involved large interests- . " ' .* , ' x, r , , ' ^ ' , " county, and who almost to a man vote against thelands. The Homestead bill inaugurated no^new policy. remarks he faid, it in nonsense to talk of a State com- Land had been granted in Louisiana, New-Mexico, mitting treason—the thing was impossible. He owedJ- —»..unluckily for the doughfaces, fell into the hands of true, the good scholars of his class a present ef one year's1Oregon, etc.Mr. CTJUNGMAN said he would not go into au ex-Mr; NOELL (Dem., Mo.) made a few remarks on the bill heretofore intreduced by him proposing to withdraw f*om the jeople of Utah the power to make their local laws through an elective assembly. If the Hou£6 should attempt, by direct legislation, to suppress polygamy, they would fail, for they would not strike at the Toot of this festering sore on the body politic.line opport unity to vent their spleen on these-Metho- their prfatnt operations and future phtns. Ho said dists, that thev presented and found a bill againsttended debate now.Mr. W ADE moved to postpone all prior orders, and 'eial Oovernment no lcn,;^r her agent, then it wouldtake up the Houee Homestead bill.Mr. H A L E said there were one or two suggestionsof the Senator from North Carolina which he was glad to hear. He appeals to us from New-England and asks how we can justify our action 1 Why, Sir, I never had the f-ligbtest difficulty in justifying any vote I ever gave since I was a member oi the Senate, and if my people should call them in question, I think I can justify them. And if there is anything for which I can vote, and which I think I can*justify to my people by thebe hie dut,y to return to hi« State, and if he should be captmed fighting under the flag of the " Lone Star," under the law of nations, he could not be treated as a, trsiitor.Amotion to strike out the enacting clause of the had taken a secret census of Democratic, of Republi- heart; and I am confident, should the Conventions Highland County bill was lost and the bill ordered to acome here; and if they were to givo them these lands,the time of Cicero to the present. If ho will refer to Lieber and other modern historians, he will find these old fallacies exploded.M r . W I G F A L L - T h a t ' s a p e r s o n a l a f f a i r b e t w e e n the Senator from New-Hampshire and Cicero. [Great laughter.] Mr. Wigfall-continued for some time in the. same strain, denouncing the Homestead bill as uncon- stitutional and agrarian. When, on motion of Mr.he would propose to give them negroes toand around that city,M r . M I L L E R e x p . - r e t s i ms e e d t o s e u x r p a mr i s i e n e a i t t . t h e m o t i o n , ; > f b r o u g h t t o t e a r u p o n t h e v o t e r s b y t h e c o r r u p t B u - D e m o c r a t i c p a r t y . B y s o m e m e a n s t h e y g o t h o l dallegiance to the State of Texas, which, conjointly with the other Slates, exercised the same position of the sovereign power whenever she declared the Fed-HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.instead of Sbani Democrats, has just laid open to me subscription to The Advocate.. This was such aMr. JOHNSON (Tenn.) remarked that there were He held that organized Territories derive their powerthird reading.The Grinding Committee reported another batch ofbills. AmoDg iheni:In reference to the University in the City of New-can and of doubtful votors, so that they knowjust how at Baltimore nnd Chicago nomiuat> the same man many votes they must raise to whi, and from what for the Presidency—8ueh a man' ns Bai**«—thischi«<s they were to be had if at all; (2) the Adminis- county will not be behind in giving hun a majorityto the most dangerous results. The brilliant effortof The bill was put throuf^'nminly by the eanseat efforts the orator was received with groat applause and'en- of MGEBTB. Ketchum. Robertson, McLeod Murphy, and thusiasm, lb was the largest and most significant'- Connolly. It passed by a*vote of 22 to 7.meeting ever assembled in tnis city.LjTHE CONTESTevery other that is so. You date not deny it. Heat ing to the faimers of the Stnte^ano. one they were cle- To the Editor of The K. Y. Tribune.GREEN, the subject was postponed till Monday. journed. .Ad-who assisted in getting up the Moriden meeting which,to legislate from Congress, but Utah should be an ex-York. .To divide the Sixth Judicial District.. .tration feeling tbe necessity of carrying at least oneMr. DA VIS (A. L., Ind.) called up the hill grant-ing alternate sections of lands in Nebraska for the con-struction of five railroads therein, to be free oftolls to the property and troops of the United States,, Adjour r ed. and to carry the mail at such prices UBCongress maydirect.perity t»f the whole community may be given to the And •* ou call out your armies to force JO i»; M.—Mr. Frelicghuyseu haa been rejected. L p his cistrict into communication wj£h the great markets, their slaves, ftold them there as slaves for nine months, It ia proposed to connect th* mines with Albany by aH hands ot thove who toil. A-A I thauk God that in 1 lis UH, iUid'il we don't go into Kcaton into Winter qtutrt- to this Ju.nr no Chief Justice haa been confirmed. A auc to whore bill he had given his aid. Hero tbe and then take, them aicay as tlaves.railroad via Fort Kdwaid, snd to erect blast f\*rtuKs«« forthepurpoeeof melting th©ore. Someyears«p*wa t } t w u e property sold for $7D,ttOO.yoodprovidereehehasaiveuussuchasystemoflaborin eisbeforeyou get into Texas, then I am mistaken. bill,'Bbeh'g dfecnesed nowto uutttlie contingency, Senator became classical,-and looking at Ramsey,tho.e Sia!*» m.cer r, hich the laborer rtmu l>e i«;.-!« bo i« J Ycu'il ccrqutr u*. will you ?I don't know how you.''Beth Houses are in eeasitn.tragically exclaimed uef iv Krvfc,"uud continued. TheThete mea*urea would bo enactc d and put iu force,*S&*••M:•.<?:.' -Untitled Documentstaling that Mr. Conkling had asked the Committee to report the bill.A somewhat personal debate between Messrs. CONKLING, MILLER,/and McQUADE ensued, when the motion to strike' out- tbe bill was lost by 35 to 47. Tho report of the Committee of Kiue was then agreed to.chid.nan folrlictch-eholBdlearve,-hofufnicter-aseeaknedrs,darinvdersh,irtehdanwehviper- pbejfros-rienin any State election.of a copy of The Sunday-School Advocate, contain- ing an article copied from John Wesley's writings, declaring " Slavery the greatest evil underthesun—41 the sum of all villainies." One David Tucker, a worthy and highly respected citizen, hod given toErty, by extending its power over the State.pany.To incorporate the New-York Down-Town Club.necticut on politics, as followe: great body of the manufacturers were Democrats, RidgrjleliL—S*turd*y <'v».'ning, MturlilM.Wolcottvilic—Friday e-rDinjr, Match30. H'ar<r'/«/-y.—Sutiud»y evening, March 3t.He will also hold nicet'ugs iu the day tin.e according o notices which will be given at the* evening meet-ngs above announced.A 2SAK>I) OrjTKAG-e.—On Sunday inormng great txcitement was canted in the Baptist Church, Pitta- •own, Rensselaer County, by a man walking in the midst of the congregation stark naked. He was led out a* soon as possible, aud decided to be insane ou tho mb.iect of dxeas.rrito a wilderness, and instead of the shrill wata- of Connecticut everything in the nature of a " Per-'TBKKTON, Thursday, March lix*, 18<"0. ! i *» locomotive, we should have the dismal " aonal Liberty bill," or a " Habeas Corpus or trial by of English capitalists were legotiating for the pm>Mr. Whelpley bus been rejected for the office of howl ot the wolf. He was eurprisod to find among "jury " for persors arrested by or on behalf of those hase of large tracts of land in the Adirondack region ChiefJustice.T.T.Ftelinghiivtenhasbeeunominated Yn'fmatc3oflldaint;ll:'ure»theSenatorfromthe cithisState,withaviewtoworkingtheironmine* fcr the tunre. He will probably uot be confirmed. # T. JKaxu,**y) AVho comes from a sequestered portion claiming to own them as slaves; (21 to pass a laic there. It ia reported that the sale has been effected, Trie LegieTatere will adjourn .vfoe die tc-uight. of tie State, asking aid from the Legislature to bring avih&rizing slaveholders to come to Connecticut with and that the amount to be paid fox the land is tS00,Ot#.Alter further debate, the resolution was agreed to by ten majority.bill. •Mr. Pressor, moved that the Senate recede fromsuch portion of their amendments as the Assembly iiad uncer the pretense of a "falling off of Southern Lcn-conciurcd in.J? 'Timedjately they/ get the power, aad heMr. Ramsey eaid that the Senator from Steuben had thought to MJj. ^ n Wonid, during the Summer votedforAlbanyandSusquehanna,andhewasobliged would«»•«**» ^epopulation,ofih*State; aadrence, Manaierre, Mofitgoaary, J. M, Murphy, RobexUon, Se»-Mr. Abcll, who watf absent, woud probably have rule, but to make men merchandise, and to take theMr..Ramsey moved a Committee of reference. Mr.Sessionsmovedtoaa»endbyreferring^thesub- votes., ..% . ', ..^.Sessionsfinallywithdrewhisa**endment,andex--morningat10o'clock,SundaysandFourthof^JafypressedawillingnesstoletthequestiontaketHeusaaJ'excepted,infoTlfviewfromtholadles'parlorofthe' course, and the Conference Committee was ordsred.At the Railroad Convention tc-day, twenty-six com- posrers, was also passed to-day, by a vote of l^to 10. exposed- to the examination of the crowd: Thc&r teeth, Also, the bill to reorganize-the New-York and Eriepanies were represented. They unanimously and en- i Railroad Company.tongues and throats are inspected as* a buyer* would thoseofahorse.- Ifthebidd'tag growsheavy,tbeun- fortunate slave often with tretrdrting limbs and tearfulthusiastically passed a resolution.reconsidering the 'early construction of a railroad bridge over the falls ofthe "Ohio, and invoking the early approval by Congressof Senator Wigfall's bill, for a railroad aud telegraph ment of the breed of domestic animals, which report eyes is made to ran back and forth, and jftmprjp and line from the Mississippi River to the Pacific. The Con-Mr. McQuade moved that the Committee be dis- saying that it was a necessary conseiuence of the charged from the further consideration of the subject,ar d that the bills be recommitted tot h e Committee on Cities and Villages, with power to report complete.carried; and the other three bills were referred to theifing them back also to the Committee on Cities and VDlages, with power to report complete.THE CAt'OGA MARSHES.The bill appropriating $30,000 for the draining of theCayuga Marshes was ordered to a third reading in the Assemblythismorning. Whethertheyeversucceed, in draining these marshes or not may be regarded as ' problematical, but they have made, so far, considerable-A FREE-SOIL DEMOCRAT."FROM MARYLAND.One of t i e leading DemocraticManufacturers,ones*Ii. ,IThe bill to erect Highland County waa taken up inCommittee of the Whole and debated at length byMessrs. REGAN in favor, and ELLSWORTH, R. S. 1 they expected to carry the State and to bring this about. Mr. Tucker. "This broke the cameFs back. The KELSY, and MILL1KEN in opposition. (1) they had organized through the whole State, aad act raised a cry of indignation from every honestNorthernState hadthrownits wholeelection-same^Keto-Milford.—1'neiday «v>;alug, March 27. were to a great extent dependent upon their wages Win*ted.—Thaz*?tty evening, March "49.Democraticticket. That ii>dismissing a Republicanthey cloaked over this oppression of labor by capital,He further said, that if the Democracy carried theffiT*^.]JFereey #nd Peim^lvantfr/ by , • * . § % i Y ^ a e ^ i ^ ^ t h f"^enthusiastic was the biddirfg'.One COTCCT of theauctfen-room is pstrtitrowed Off, audcried like a child at the manipulations ehe waa subjected'to while being sold. He apologized for the-scene b y•'&' f'. V••• ft1 ' i •-4 imi \i....-w..I,'••. '- •...•••V.••'•••- ••.; ••• - V• 6: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-V- ; . , .www.fultonhistory.com£ . '"^7;'' 