 Wufil.Mo. 95poverty-stricken and oppressed a s those claim,6SIM!I" - 1 1_U| lIlftWMlH "<•»:..-.ilk—' "waM'.-'Y V -^/:NEW YORK HERALD tAumm«oiDoi IIIII*T '1A^ata* jadfeuttnuf /WWUSW * * C f^fi* *"** *T SSUS" UPOW^SB( V utSSBSB, urWSB3WT «>i_rfixedthe baila tire JTOTICM ta*mofmtmttmmm<mrnS-m i#iiM i-simmr-M-ai , ..•WIBTBB OABDBW. - Bond street- OOTUIDl'l WlM—JaMMT M *WALLACS* fHBATBB, OV A T t m M i f .LAUBA BBBNE-B THBATBB, SMtime ago, ended in a grand row.An investigation in the case of George Denver-charged with the murder of James Humphreys, aseaman onboardthe packet ship Devonshire, on sword. Here is the cause of the disunion at the 8th of December last, while on the vojage fromNew York to Liverpool, was commenced yesterdaybefore Commissioner Betts. A report of the testi-mony is given in another column.What, then, is the smty of the conservatives JudgeSmaUey,ofVermont,wasintroducedtothe of the Middle States—all who detest per-sion, and relying upon the public sympathy tosustain them in their course, is conclusive evi-pus. If the Senate has no power to make wit neeses testify in a case like this, it has no power at all; and b y invoking the aid of a State tribu-BTBLO'S OABDBX -« BOTAI. i m n i t i uBOWBBT TUB ATBB. newer*.-] am—OHMr LO—BASPT A W T— Bex A W COX.get possession and control of the federal government, they plainly declare they will car- ry out their ideas with force and arms,fireanddence that there is something rotten in the so-cial condition of New England. Whether the nal, Hyatt is taking issue with the constitution--ai-p- ..LLnuquwun,!..,*!! !m.i!Wf»!'i.:w»f ;!gf1-!^pF!W!'!»i|.jii!M,'^..!.,.iiilupfiimi.ijifilll|PtJpiP!|!l!i!|lP,"fi..M-: .-I.-L.!Ujaw.;, .i.j,.ii.nuiiiii#iliiaiw' 'fV i'**- •'**^*"SATURDA.111 I in3SSSG .. i. wpftiiiaTiriii(iti)iTHXATRR FBAWCAIB. MB Broadway—1* CWTO AS thiscityatitsopeningonthefirstMondayinMarch- TAJI»OO« BAXI-MT. _ _ _ _ _ _ _Lynnassertthat theycannot earn morethan thenwehavenogovernmentatall. four dollars a week with fifteen hours of dailytherecord of tody's House proceeding verifies my **peich forwarded to the HBBALO last Bight. Mr. BalBABBTBS AMBBICAB MUSBOM, Broadway.-After- •a— and sfruttar-OctoaooM.labor, when the average wages of unskilledaday. federates and friends of John Brown; cans from Mr. Gtoesbrenner, and exhibited to theMTABTB MTHSTBRLS Msd-Dhs.' Hen,4T1 B«-4way-Bvausacxs, Bonos, DASCSS, *x>-Bourns At PHA- domestic traCe, at quotations give a in another column.to-s, Southernflourwasfirmandingooddemand. WheatThe strike itself is an evil, and its occurrence and w e all know—for Hugh Forbes has atthistimeaffordsapracticalcommentupon told us—that before he went to Kan- the political theories that are so strenuously sas to teach the anti-slavery party there advocated by New England. It would be wellHouse and the country that he coald be elected if thereatoftherepublicanshadehaagMfromBalltohim. On the third ballot to day Mr. Saaton, oT the lmUUgmuer, took thirteen South Americans aad three doaaoortla Messrs. Millson, Pryor a n d Dejarnette— :rom Oiosshree aer. On the last ballot Ball and Gksubreaner had seven ty five votes each,and their principal opponents—Mitcheii and Seaton—had sixteen votes each. The result of to- day's work brought the republicans to the decision t-> hold a caucus tomorrow at two o'cioek. There to a report to-night that acme of the Ball and Defreea men will not go into the caucus for fear that Mitchell will be nominated. They think ov kw; ag out iuey willnet be bound to rote for tip liorainee, Doiwifuunlhig th* Defrees men, when ht was nominated l y ^ e majoriu against Mitchell, wfc. lcJ iiim in the caucus oa six balloei btldthifi'R'-4*i<f JLmhd! to the sqpp ,rt of the nomioeu fortwowtikl TLcfirstwhobroK•Q»hacsfr.mDs.'rtia- - -i X «>JL NEW YORK•tililliji,$5,000, a n di: .11<riI7AUJiJ77.^,CU/JiaiIof the Female Bible Union of Church, corner o f Broome a n d ru well attended last evening, notwithatandlng that, t o t h e disadvantage o f dirty streeU-from which New York seldom expects to be free, except through special interposition of Providence-was added that of a heavy snow storm. The address was delivered by tte «•*• Frank Remington,on the subject, "A Po» BBdeWhat produced the disunion, disloyalty and Revolution! The tyrnny of * • Btiltt|ttBn~ment. which, because it had the power, oppress- ed its weak colonies, and broke Ike political compact. In the same w»J, the antislavery party have become a majority in the Nortiajund control Its elections and resweee, andupfrom their employers; and it is stated that thewl aHWssa ^HB^KSIB^K^^B* assm MsmsM sWsWsssW wav* Mmmfimmkthousand, and that the present •glims* is likely to embrace the whole trade of that State.This is atemplated in a social or a political light.there should exist in the Old Bay State a am- merous class of skilled workmen, not immi- grants hastily poored in,and whohare notwho, no doubt, when they were at home borethe Only PlatformV' OirlstiaB Union." By the they abuse their power by nullifying theBenewal of the Contest for the House Printing.—* ——— ~inr*>s~>rMiiLWj-tLr*L"i_n.Treaanrer'a report.it appeared that tho receipts for the present year had »monBted to 087*, nUof which had been paid into the American Bible Union,ofwhichthissociety• •branch.constitution of the United States, end breakingthe compact-^the solemn league and coveomntinto which all the States entered at the timeof the union—and the Northern States repu-JDVJMTLS^MXMTS rmmmd ~-V **j "*—«"**!? lL The New Tork Liquor Dealers'Society helda diate their obligations, end amy they will not had time tortrstftrninnfrtthemselves through. . «rt«i #• i*« ffnur &**_£*<raxuur BaaAUt, and in »*«•pedalmeetingattheirroouwlastevening,forthe restorefugitiveslaves,though commandedby thechannelsofemployment,butmennativepttTposeofsttending to some nnfinished business bom, and grown up in the midst of oar active relative to the society. As the boateeas to be the constitution and the laws of Congress, endtransacted was of a private nature, they excluded that they will not permit any more slave and increasing prosperity, a class of m m sothe reporters of the press and refused them any nformation—none but members who were furnish-States, which is in direct violation of the letterand spirit of the constitution, and in defiancethrough their spokesmen, to be, and who haveno other resource for obtaining adequate re- pel his appearance, and, it appears, is about toBcttjutioM OensttriH •*• theSeventhWnrjimoalOur SpecialWxaEurcTOs, Feb 34,18ei. tusSQcaaaurowm HOI-SBisornmAMummm nm irurara.ininwrovMlfSBU.FworleeBShstreet—PATTIMiiwU strongpoliceforcepresenttopreserveorder,as tionofthegovernment, duringwhichnine*******ed with tickets being admitted. There was a of the history of the country from the founda- *t•..oS^-JS^eYLSSSO.-^ C^OMTA-D« theelectionofofficers,whichtookplaceashort slaveStateshavebeenadmitted. Andiftheycompensefortheirlaborthanthatofrefusing appealtotheauthorityofaStatecourtto towork,paradingthepublicstreetsInproces- maintainhiminhisrecusancybyahabeascor-BTBLO'S 8ALOOB, Bro-dwa-.-Qxo. CH«ISTT*B H I * was DID. with fair sales, at prices given elsowhere. O w nm i u in 8om.», DA-CM, Boiujoaoxa, Ac.-Tmi MUMMT. was in good demand, with sales of goad Jersey and South" ct'iity. rally around and elect a man to theBTWTH STBBIT, one door e-K of Broedway.-SOLOMOs'i ft urn.TRIPLE SHEET.era jei.ow at 80c. a82e., though chiefly at 80c. a 8lc. Presidency who will faithfully carry out thishew to use Sharpe's rifles, and shoot and mur- der their fellow men, there was a dinner par- ty—a private, comfortable dinner party—came off at New York, at which he and Thaddeus Hyatt and Horace Greeley were present. They enjoyed themselves mightily, and discussed the whole coming affairs of Kansas; and when Forbes got up to*start for the train on his jour- ney to Kansas, he was short of money, and Greeley put his hand in his pocket and gene- rously gave himtwenty dollars, wishedhim godspeed in his undertaking—saying at thosome of the pa*a«u&*«:.*, had bee'i r,kked up. The »uppl"nea*fi-y mail bjg*, co :*a!n'- % fie iia U f >r Cao-iM » - J '^tw York, have also been picked u p , but in very d*n.aged condition. T e llohemian, which „-uls from Port-and fo* Liverpool to-day, will tow two pchooneTn to the wreck, with an agent ofKansas I want you to write me everything that goes on there, particularly about the fighting, f varrtfed a t this port yesterday evening. T h e European mails brought by the Europa reached us from Boston last evening, completing our files to the 11th tost W e publish to-day a copy of thethem to a base subjection, which would place sented themselves—over six hundred strong— tate for an increase of wages, and to strike. told all about John Brown's project to Senator them in the position of conquered provinces, at the appointed time, in the national capital. The revulsion in prices came before the year Seward, some time before. The Senate shouldsubmitting the paper t o Parliament A letter from Governors of States, enunciate*! by the people the Pope to Napoleon, previously alluded to by hia in their mass meetings, and by their pressesHolfrmas, is given, and other interesting matter. BythearrivalofthebarkStarKing,Capt.Smith, we have advices from Buenos Ayres to January 4.one eminently calculated to elicit feelings ofpatriotism and devotion to the memory of the of many of the minds of Northern men. It has•Pork was less buoyant. Sales of mess were madeat $18 871£, and of new prime at $14 873* a $16. Sugars were in fa!r|demand, with sales of about 1,000 hhis , atpolicy. Then, and not till then, will the dis- union party cease to exist at the South; but if the solemn warnings given by the signs of the times are disregarded, and if the anti-slaveryif some of the sympathy which Wilson, Sum- ner, Fessenden, and their fellow representa- tives from the New England States, so vocife- rously expend against the imaginary evils ofpriori given iwanother place. Coftee was firm, with sales rHew York, Saturday, February «5, 1860. (i. ' ,200 bMf of Rio at 12)ic., and some small low of Jara sentiment is permitted to gain the ascendency slavery, were turned to the suffering that stands *t full pr,c*s Fre ghta were quite steady, with moderateT h » S e w s . ecgapc meLta at unchanged rates^ next fall, then we shall soon find, not merely at their own doors. Whether the workmen Wc have received some intelligence rela«: ( 0l«ii2i.on a t t h e South—The Cause a n d threats of disunion at the South, but disunion will obtain the object they aim at, at the pre-the Renirdyv' itself, and the dissolution of the greatest and sent time, is a question. As a general thing, TL < on;'f organ of Sewardin this city charges best political confederacy the world ever saw. these strikes of the workingmen usually occurat times when a long period ofinflation of TIIK SEVENTH REGIMENT AT THE NATIOBAL the currency has disturbed prices, and carried CAPITAL.—Washington was the scene, on those of provisions to an exorbitant point.the wreck of the steamer Honcrariar, w V L waslost off Cape Sable on Monday morning la^t. TLebody of a small child, ami that of a man, supposeda fireman, have been washed ss-u or* and taken in par'y—d cbarge which has been often male of charge b y the Coroner. It was reported tl.st tbt* ate. arm reiterated usque ad nauseam. Ths stewaiJ's pocketbooV, containing t n " wip* "fthedemocracyoftheSouthwithbeingadisunionlegitimate rule of the country. The clergy party constitution. Garrison and Phillips are un- soldiers did not meet with that kind of aentertained high hopes that Vera Cruz would be concurrence of these effects is likely tothe South, where ten States hare already "pronounced."cause of the evil lies in imperfect education, a want of energy and enterprise, or bad social habiis among the people, or whether It springs from inadequate legislation for the protectionof the country. Any State Judge who would grant a writ of habeas corpus in this case would b e grossly violating the constitution; and if Congress cannot compel Mr. Hyatt to g o toWashingtonand tellwhat heknows aboutbar yesterday by Judge Betts, as the Judge whowill preside in the United States Circuit Court in faith"—all our merchants and manufac- There stands the fact, that the shoemakers of refusing, cannot inflict punishment upon him,fidy, covenant-breaking and "Carthagenian « ! S ^ l L FlUf « UM POSTS Son 0UTX.11 00 F U U « - The cotton market was heavy yesterday, with sales of turers, and all who have an interestabout 1 6C0 biles, chiefly in store, on the basts of 1 1 ' . c a 11lic. for m:ddltng uplands. Flour was firm and more active, and sates were pretty freely made, chiefly to theHyatt and Howe are valuable witnessesWednesday last, of a most imposing cere-true, and ought to be admitted. It is true con- mony— the inauguration of the statue of the Thus, in 1836, the workingmen in all partsthe friends o' M'teb?P. . v l i .LI tae republicans in honor boui.dtorot ior«;ivU uh«!anominated. Mr.Adams is ready to yote for Muche!!, and some six or seven Souu Aneriaj'Bwillalso\*etorhtmiftherepublicansaotncbarge i.-. to a certain extent, undoubtedlyThen labor seeks for a commensurate advance.FatherofHisCountry;andonthatoccasion of the country began to agitate and ifthereistobeanyfightingIwanttobeth>Tj.';dUiora)'y—truemacertaincontingency,which may or may not happen. The universal senti- ment, not only of the democracy of the South, butofthewholeSoutb, is,thatintheeventofthe Seventh regiment of New York—a corps strike, and turn out for higher wages, because whose reputation for discipline and military every article of necessity or use had beenThe Senate Committee should certainly aubj>u:n-i -.ato him. Greeley. He can tell all about that dinnerspirit extends far and wide—were specially greatly increased in cost by the prevailingthe underwriters t j w k a charge of whatever pro- the anti slavery parties of the North gaining honored by an invitation to be present, by the speculation. The crisis and revulsion of 1837 John Brown to fight, and about the plans ofrne .TEW TORK SETR-TH BSQIMBST. Mr.Carter'sresolutioncensoringtheactionof theCan gr Atonal Committee of Arrangements at the inauguration of the Washington statue for not tendering an escort to f i eSeventh regiment on their arrival or departure, and for other alleged manifestations of disrespect to the gauaat Seventh,wasanunexpectedbombshell,andwillbeme subject of an interesting debate to future Mr. Keitt gave notice that h e should speak o n t h e resolution. Shortly alter this be received news of nis brother's death, an i this n e t will postpone the consideration of the subject for sometime.THBiirvsBnoATiosnrro THSmucraurmo Kr-nu sewtim s— cauagss AGAWSTmrrmmnammrt a-nr. The Bouse Committee on Public Expenditures, whichare investigating the public printing and ether matters connected therewith, m e t this morning, aiid examined Mr. Wendell for several hours. The committee swear all witnesses to secrecy, so as to prevent any of the dtve-perty may bm recovered. the ascendant in the federal government, the Congressional Committee having charge of the crushed employers and employed alike. So,The screw steamship Vigo, Capt Jellard, which wisest policy of the Southern communities is to proceedings. The gallant Seventh, with their too, in the early part of 1857 the cabinetma- also can give a great deal of information, for it sailedfromLiverpoolonthemorningofthe8th secedepeaceablyfromtheUnion,beforeaty- accustomedalacrityexhibiteduponallpublic kersofNewYork,andmanyotherclasses'of wastohimForbeswrotethatlongletter,whichlost., and touched at Qaeenstown the following day, rant majority in Congress proceeds to reduce occasions, accepted the invitation, an 1 pre- workingmen here and elsewhere, began to agi we published, in which he informed him that heinstead of independent sovereign States. It is unnecessary to say that their visit was was much more than half out, and the employ-insist upon having all these witnesses before the Committee.This has been proclaimed by the leading men made at great personal inconvenience, loss of France, with a full report o f the important speech of the South in both houses of Congress, de- time and heavy expense. But the sacrifice wasers had no work to give at any price.new treaty of commerce between England audmade by the Chancellor of the Exchequer when clared in their State Legislatures and by the unheeded by the regiment. The event was peculiar moment. An insane idea of regulatinggreat good man whose heroism achieved tikeconnexions and parties, and it is now extending every night. We throw a blight over his poli- tending directly to the breaking up of the dom founded a stable and fraternal govern- its baneful division into commerce and indus-from Delaware to Texas. Nowthisisanalarmingconditionofthings,divided the churches, it has severed politicalindependenceofthecountry,andwhosewis-ThedhRrentialdutiesfortheportofBuenosAyres Union,andthequestionis,whatcausehaspro- ment. InsuchaspirittheSeventhregiment ticalprospects,andwefearthathishopesinwereenforcedonJan.2. Theelectionspassedoff try. WhilethemanufacturersofMassachusetts theworldtocomeareovercastbytheshadow quietly,andtheat—irsoftheprovincewerequiet. ducedthesedireeffects?Weanswer,thatthirty cheerfullyrespondedtothecall;anditisnot arebeingpressedononesidebytheirwork-years ofanti-slavery agitation at the North has oo much to say that their presence at the of the HERALD, which haunts him as a spectre menforanadvanceofwages,ontheotherthey bynightandbyday. Aneditorial articleweever, was nearly the same as that given before the SenateInvestigating OommiUee. Turn committee intends to be morethoroughinitsresearchesanddevelopments,u>• quiringintoeverybreachofprinting,bindingandea u graving, together with the profits reeeived and moneyThe bark Susan Clark,expected to sail in afewdays for New Tork, will bring the ex Acting Charge at last culminated in a crisis which has driven ceremonial gave the greatest share of ic t to are being cramped by a decreased demand for published a few days ago, upon the coming Be printing.d'Anairs, Mr. Breup, who returns home an incurable invalid.Our Mexico city correspondence, dated February 6,willbefoundinteresting. ThePrussian Minister badacknowledgedtheMiramongovernmentasthethe South to the wall and compels it to stand the proceedings; for, apart from the statue their goods, in consequence of the decline of elections in Connecticut and New Hampshire, at bay. A moral war has been waged against itself and the Seventh regiment, there was lit- orders from the South, instigated by the hostile has completely upset his equanimity. We saidThe Senate Investigating Committee met this morning, and examined Mr. Bart, Superintendent of Public Print- tog,toregard to the charges preferred against him. He explainedeverythingtothesatisfactionof theeoauatttee, buthistestimonydidnotpuceMr.Bowman,theSenate printer, in a very satisfactory light,n a -p-aoPKunos auxa—scowoarr a THS airsju-iuam The Bouse Committee of Ways aad Means a r e engaged fromdaytodayupontheCivil,LegislativeandExecutiveAppropriationbill. Theyarecuttingitdownconsider* bly below the figures of tost year. After this bill a da- posedofbythecommittee,theywiUtakeuptheAmy and Navy Appropriation bUs. They intend to proastle else imposing about them.But it appears from the telegraphic andits institutions, which are guaranteed by theconstitution,protectedbytheconstitution,andincorporated into the very framework of the newspaper reports of the affair that our gallant abolitionized black republican party. .ThetakenbytheirforcesandtheJuarezgovernmentdoubtedlyright,andhonestastheyareright,receptionwhichweareaccustomedtoaccordresultdisastrouslytotheshoetradeofontheMiddleStatesresultinalargepopulardisplaced for the moment Regularly organized when they pronounce the constitution "pro^ to military organizations visiting New Tork. New England. Between dissatisfied workmenmajorityagainstthehighertaw.bandsofguerillatroopsrovedaboutandrobbed slavery/' Itisproslavery,andthereforethey Thereseemedtohavebeennoadequateprepa-on one side, and dissatisfied customersfrombothparties.ItwasthoughtthatMr.Mathew, curseit,andcursetheUnionofwhichitisthe rationsmadefortheiraccommodation;during ontheother,theemployersarelikelytobe son,stratagemandspoils." Hesaysthisplanthe British Minister, would beremoved. A very bond. Themoralwaragainst the institutions theceremonytheywerenotadmittedwithinthe brought to the verge ofruin;and thisresult of defeating the republican programmewasbitter feeling towards the United States prevailed of the South has proceeded step by step till at enclosure, but were permitted to stand in the cannot butreact upon the workmen themselves.them very closely, lopping off all unnecessary expaa communicated confidentially to the HERALD ditures.amongst the churchmen. length it has become a physical war—a war of road up to their ankles in slush, until theThelossofthedemandforsolargeaportion bytheleadersofthedemocracy,andthatwe immediately revealed the secret The has hitherto come from the South, will deprive leaders of the democracy have nothing toBythearrivaloftheoverlandmailweharead-saltpetre and brimstone, and rifles and pikes, of Colonel, in consideration for the comfort of hisTBI DIPLOMATIC CORPS i X D TOT IN.CGriATlO.f CBBCXOSXBf. It has excited no little surprise and displeasure hers thatthe whole diplomatic corps, which had been formally a vKed to participate in and assist at the late ceremony In inaugurating the statue of Washington, refused to be present on the paltry pretext of technical ettqaeue, alleging that the position assigned them on the occasion wasnotasdignifiedastheyhadarighttoexpect,there- by implying that some slight or insult bad been put upon themandthegovernmentstheyrepresent. ThePresident, inhisspeechonthefollowingday,withdignityrebehed this discourtesy by simple allusionto it.vices from San Fran:isco to the 4th inst The mar- which the saint and martyr John Brown is the command and the respect due to them, very kets continued dull. T h e ship Malay, from N e wof the products of their labors as that whichYork, had arrived o u t The general news is unim- pioneer, and of which Helper's Compen- properly marched them off the ground. It U the employers of any ability they may have to communicate to anybody, and therefore portant <% dium, endorsed by all the leading men true that there was no want of attention to the augment wages. could not have communicated anything toIn Congress yesterday, Mr. Doolittie, of Wiscon' of the republican party, is the law men on the part of the private citizens of The evils which are presented in the influ- us. We have had to furnish brains to bothsin, addressed the Senate on the relations between and gospel. William H. Seward, who has theNorthandtheSouth. TheHousesquabble giventhisbookaspecialendorsement,istheWashington, and that the venerable President ences now operating on the shoe trade are notover theprinting plunder wascontinued. Foarbal lots for a Printer were taken without effecting a choice. Mr.Carter,ofNewYork,introduceda preamble and resolutions censuring the Washington tttatue committee o f arrangements for their neglectprophetoftheparty,who,like Mahomet, with the Koran in one hand and a sword in the other, issues his declaration of war against the South, threatening to subject its institutions toreceivedtheminakind,dignifiedandcourteous fashion,becomingtheChiefMagistrateofthena tion; but if the accounts published be correct- as we doubt not they are—the conduct of the committee was, to say the least of it, very expartiesinturn,andoftenfoundituphill confined to that trade. They are at work upon work to teach them even common sense.varied ramifications of its industry and valuesof the Seventh regiment, and the bungling manner a higher law (a new book of Mormon); traordinary and very neglectful. The recep- upon the brink of a danger that may involve "organ" of the democratic party, we make that before the House Committee on Elections. He contendedin which they managed the aflkirs generally. Tney willbetakenupatsomefuturetime,andawarm discussion is anticipated.and his disciple, Mr. Hickman, of Penn- sylvania, follows up the menace ofthe '•irrepressible conflict/' of which there wastion of the Seventh regiment on this occasion them all in ruin. A political crusade is now comparesverybadlywiththatwhichtheyre- beingpreachedamongthem,andbythem,ceived a year ago in Virginia, at the obsequies against the safety and very existence of fifteen of President Monroe, though one would sup- States of the Union. These States contain aparty our organ, and other pa/ties our organs that the petition of Mr. Williamson does not aitage facts whenwethinkfitNopartycanusetheHE-enoughtocellforadefence,andalsothattheomissiontopopulation of fully twelve millions of people, ticed wasonetoamend themilitia law,and one to theSouth by eighteen millions of bayonets; bebehindtheStategovernment ofVirginiain whoarethebestcustomers the Northerncom-a>olish t h e Almshouse Department o f this city.Several bills were read a third time. In the Assem-bly a large number o f petition! were presentedand bills reported. Among the latter were threefortheSusquehannahRailroad,inrelationto posal,andattheirdisposal,thefederalarmy mentattheirbadtreatment,itwouldbeunna- tion;andfederalinteferencewithitinanywaythe tenure of real property, to provide for fund- ing the floating debt of New York, to indemnify stockholdersintheNewHavenRiilroad,toamend the act to suppress intemperance, and to prohibit thesaleofliquor. TheNewTorkcityrailroadbillsslavery party, and the election of William H. without them, would have been tame indeed, to two webs of cloth—one all linen, and theSeward? AndisitnotnaturalthattheSouth andperhapsunfittingtheoccasionwhichgave otheroflinenandcottonmixed. Noone de-porary thinks he knows, let him bet on the Captain Bonneville and Superintendent Collins with theseIndiana,hutithasnotyetbeenactedonbythogovern- right side, for it is not the first time for him to ment.and the man who is at the head of this party, extending a hospitable welcome to its visiters.William H. Seward, is its candidate for the Though the officers and men of the regiment most disastrously on these. That the abolitionChief Magistracy, which would place at his dis- made no outward demonstration of disappoint-ed that the HERALD will oppose the nominee of of slavery would effect this is beyond a ques- the Charleston Convention, we can only saywers n o t reported. T h e Central Park bill w a s should meditate and threaten secession from a birth to i ttakennponitsthirdreading. Amotionwasmade niesthatthealllinenisthesuperior,becauseall gamble—lethimbet$52,975,andhemaywin TBI reSWC* 1 » WBBTPOOT APPBOPBIATIC»BUI.to recommit, but the bill was finally laid upon t h e . Union which would no longer exist but on We perceive by the action of Congress yes- its elements are of the superior ones. But the just enough to pay what he borrowed from the The Pension aad West Point Appropriation bails would table. parchment,andwhichwouldbehenceforthonlyterday,thatsomemembersofthatbodyarelinenandcottonmixedwillstillservefortheUnitedStatesBank. havebeenpassedto-daybadtherebeenaquorumtotheAgraphicaccountofthearrivalandreception theunionofthesharkwithhisprey?The consciousoftheslightputupontheirmilitary usesofsocietyaslongasthewebisintact of the Seventh regiment, on their return from Harper's Ferry invasion may be explained guests;forMr.Carter, of NewYork,offered a Butwithdrawthewarpofcotton,ordestroyitsHousewhenthecommitteerose. Thesebuselicitedas debate whatever,there being tnthemnoappropriations inadditiontothoseprevtouslyauthorisedbytow.a m BXPCBUCJUI CACCTS.The repub! cans are to have a caucus to morrow1noon on the subject of a Printer. TOT auaraa'sTHEW1EC&OFTHE BilfiiAlAIMr. Seward as the palpable, incontrovertible,The Police Commissioners m e t yesterday, a n d overt act of the whole North, foreshadowing to the regiment the hospitality and respect so eminently useless to all, except when again woven into a ports that the steamer Hoasjarian, for Portland, left Liver-Washington yesterday morning, may be found in to-dajs paper.away, but the South will regard the election ofresolution to this effect:—fibre, and the web is destroyed and the wooftransacted some unimportant business. It is un- the other overt acts in his programme. It will their due, in consideration of the high appreciation of thUpool simultaneously with the Vigo, at 11 o'clock*, 00 the new order of things. This is the war of the morning of the 8th instderstood that Mr. Pflabury has placed in the hands of one of tbs Commissioners hie resignation of the J???!?./TM*1 .fr'P^tatendentoftheforce*111 n ^ a estfgseo a.tbsrea_on for Mr. Pttsbnrysl l e t T r t Z L T * ^ * - « - * ! - » "ening * the Union. Judging from the beet information POPCLAR OPINION IN VKNETU We give else-Irish-AmericBBHnearetobe starandCoanangbt,Inhonorofthe flnaagiuilui of the four ptwrnosn of Ireland; TheTstnate. will leave Galw»y for N e w York on the 1st of Juneh\it the actionmencement of the session the republicans have earnedmorediagrae*thantheotherparty forextras. IwillinquirelateUandreport.alltheotherswill TheirihinssiTMIbeof Irish and American scenery artisticallythecaseofEnglandandherNorthitsvalueasasocialsketch.Itshowsthatthevidual,whoisadisgracetothecountryand light.Itwasstationarytorsosaetime,aadbesup-UnitedStates K.G. ,to Mr.poor, and that the feeling of the Italians against At daylight a large steamer was seen ashore, with one onlyabouttwoweeksinthepotationofalegis- mast standing. Hethinksbetawmeneaawhenatheinvadersisevenmerebitterthanitwashe-! lative body,theyarefighting and squabbling went over, which wassoon after dayl*ht.tea*oftheGrandfinethewar.Itisveryevidentthatthestays*abouttheprintingtpolta.Sincethecom-Areporthasreachedmethattbssteward'spocket book baa been picked up, having sows p—singers' namesof theuniversal swsy, all contained in a letter to the**•«•»••whichareprecipitatingthister- ParisStele,writtenbytheauthorof"Monte- tion day by day.After spending two wreck:—regard his election by a Northern majorityand a sectional issue as the first act of dis.union committed by the combined Northern States,anditwillconsideritselfasabsolvedbe- bisMr.Keittintendstoreply. fore God and mta from all future allegiance toNorth against the South. Northern demagogues A despatch from Queeastown, Ireland, dated on. the OutJJS__?, PWn"oh,msh'oonw ofBroadway and Itetrfourthstreet D ^ T b o n t p ^ S u ZThemeetingwastolerablyveilattended,sadof a mack milder character them the hut one tdal adopts the programme of hit "irrepressible operas, cafes, piazzas, Ac, in Venice and otherwhitetoo,forgetfulthatnolegislation,norany effort of human art or power, can convert oot- tonintoflax,oranegrointoawhiteman.sengers, and latest despatches.HaHWT, Feb. 2a— Evening.•despatchfromBaggedIsland,34th,tothePostmaster General, says that the supplementary mail bags for Ca- nadaand MewTork have been picked npyaal arela safety,batinaverydamagedstate,andareawatttngor- ders. Postmaster General Woodgate baa ordered theaad other private property la that teen, roused aH|to*ue importance of active exertion to belmff of that rorttes * our fellow extisens who were thoa assailedon Charles Sumner in the Senate chamber atwhich followed closely oa the attack of Leiat ones determined me to devote all my «•»- gice to the work of making aaasas a tm State, aud I immediately went, to thefor the relief of the soBcrers to T.iasaswtosa •I worked farthem naulJusthen, being wiUtogtto devote all m ywsjmadechairmenofthoStole Mssssilmsetls. which took the place of committee,aadcontuuedthework Infivemor.Uae,toctodlngAugustsad year, I raised shreagh my agentssand dollars, sad to the same time 1 motionofsocietiesforcontributionsofctothtog,' suitedtosendingfrom twenty to thirty Utsiuunddettare r^oreinsuppliesoivenousktods. InJanuary,I*7>** work wMstopped by advtoas from KaMSMthtoaesaorecoa-1tributioaswereneeded,exceptfordefence. Ifweha not been thus stopped, our arrnage»en« then saadt woul*samekindheldatDr.Cheeverichurch. The names of the four new mailSQUABBL* ABOCT ran PBINTINO SPOILS IN mailstobebroughttoHalifaxtobearranged,asthebagsare burst and U»» letters torn.The followingis thelatestnews fromtheaceneof theyf<»*-tllHsi arethesame which haveled Crlsto." Thegraphicdescriptionof M.Dumas BABOruM*,lib.24-9P.ML ZT TM ""a*^•»othercountries. Take, monthsinawrangleabouttheSpeaker,they Thos.Xickersw informsmethatoaMonday morning will be read with a degree of interest beyond next proceeded to elect a disreputable indi- at three o'clock, he saw from the mam laud a steamer'swe have received front every State in the where a translation of a very spirited descrip- South,oursolemnconvictionisthat,ifMr.Sew- tionofpopularopinioninVenetia,as express-ardfahould heelected,oranyothermanwho ed in street scenes, demonstrations attheconflict," he will never be inaugurated at the cM>ltol In Washington.cities in the provinces over which Austria holdsCONOBK8S.—The action of the republican party inCongressisadding infamy tothatorganiza-•olt?Whatproducedtheirre verynameofAustriaisloathedandhatedby theHouseofRepresentatives,totheresponsi- posed a ship bad struck on theHoase Race, It wee a w ,Resolved, That we convey to our Speaker our sincere regret that the Executive and Committee failed to extendhangs a mass of isolated or tangled threads,The Vigo, which arrived at this port last evening, re-body of the soldierly skill and discipline exhibited.of free tabor, it is not our purpose4o inquire. the insurrection at Harper's Ferry, or, on hisin the continuance of the Union? Their plainduty is to unite, put down the anti-slavery agi- labor in this country is not less than one dollar in this investigation. They were the con- culminated yesterday. Mr. Mitchell took most of tbstation, declare their intention to render the South the justice due to it by the terms of the bond,and,asthebestevidenceoftheirain-•cauermg rotes of the republicans sad two South AmenIn the present instance the strike come? at asocial forms in the South has taken possession THE HEBALD.—We are sorry to find that we arefeeling that has been created by the aggressivethoseelectionswereofgreat importance,and attitudeassumedtowardtheSouthbythe mightturnouttobenotonlydecisiveofthe Presidential election, by influencing the votes of those States in November, but by their effectalltheIndustryandcommerceofNewEngland,andplaceitsmanufactures,itsshipping,its thedemocraticparty. Wecouldnotbetrayarailroad interests, its real estate, and all theparty to which we did not belong. W e nevergive notice of proceedings, as required by the law of 1861, the failure to support petition by any testimony, the occu- pancy of the seat since December, and being sworn in as a member without objection to the certificate, exclude Mr.WiUamsonfromanyright to contest hisseat The contestant will now submit bis reply in writing.DXDUie WAS» HBWMEXICO.The Indian Bureau has received official advices that theNavajoshaveatlastcommencedadecisivewaruponourand navy and the militia of the Beveral States. tural to suppose that they did not feel it very that every one may bet as much as he pleases people and are also killicg the Mexicans along toe Biois so near an approach to it, that it gives a upon what we shall do, but till the nomination Grande. 8uperuttendti»i tollinasays—"A war with the Hasnotthe Soutb, then, reasontofear the keenly,considering thesacrificestheymadein lively charactertotheeviL Thesocialorgan- ismade,it will be very'difficult to find out tribeisnow beyond the possibility of prevention 1^worstintheeventofthetriumphoftheanti- ordertoimpartane'clattoaceremonialwhich,izationoftheNorthandSouthmaybecompared whatcourseweIntendtotake. Ifourcotem- winberecollectedthat?astyearatreatywasmadebyThe proceedings of th e Legislature yesterday a foretaste at Harper's Ferry, by anotherwere interesting. In the Senate,aaaong the bills no- menace that the higher law will be forced upon pose that the national government should notRALD, tor w e despise all the party organiza- tions, and only use them as instruments—ne- cessary evils—out of which we try to bring good for the country.As to the bets which he says are freely offer-munities have, and their destruction must reactThe resolution, however, was not adopted,onthegroundthatitcastanimputationonthe insistthatthewebofNorthernsocietyIssupe- instant,says:—The Canadian mailsteamer Hn-^-fU-. BrownRaidCommitteeto-day,aadtestifiedBSUUWWSX-committee, which might be true or false. T o rior to that of the South, because It is all linen, Southern society shall be made all linen or all1 did not toke any active interest in the Kansas aSain an•with greatgress they act like a parcel of vagabonds from the Five Points. By the time the two session of Congress is over many of them will have become fit recipients for the hospitality of a lunatic asylum, a penitentiary, or tome other retreat of like character.Tan SENATE ANDMESSBS. HTATT ANDHOWE.— The attempt o f Thaddeus Hyatt and Or. Howe to resist the authority of the Senate, by re- fusing to appear and testify relative to the Harper's Ferry outrage, i s truly absurd. Hyatt denies the power o f the Senate to com-In this our unhappy contemporary sees "trea-We are also gravely charged with betrayingbelonged to any party, and instead of being thearrived here at 11 o'clock this morning (Thursday), andorallwhite; andtheydemandthatthewebof sailed at five thiseveningwiththeCanadianmails,pas- tiltheattackoalawreaeeandthedesttuettonofthetsto. K V » * » ©f the mother all classes of Venetia, high and low, rich and ble office of Clerk; and now that they are about two miles off the Gape, ft was then seen to move.Wil->, t o * ^ 5 T T " ! ~ J " * • • » • • * »t test threat. of Austrian supremacy l a Northern Italy aremm. Tloleadenwhogaveexpressiontotheir numbered.Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comOB Wednesday the body of one email child was faond,decorum;y e ti n Con-same time:—"Now, Forbes, when you gof to to Ball were {Pefrcc* own ',«-nd* In view of th.s fa-*party,howhesentForbesto Kansas to teachOld Brown and his confederates. Dr. HoweCHEVAXXER WEBB AGAIN IN TROUBLE ABOITsuch a source of constant trouble to ChevalierWebb. Wedisturbhissleep—hedreamsofus lopementsgettingintothepapers. Thistestimony,how-•squanderedbythegovernmenttothismatterofthepubTOT BKKLBB I S O WTUJAHSOW OOKTSSrSD CASS.Mr. Sickles resumed aad concluded his argument 10-dayGeorge L. Stearns, of Boston, was before toe Senate  