 *?an>4-4•4the fieMs. already begfentog to be green, for the air was w.d&y bilmy, «*fcvigorating. As the s-jn wentof each shop, and the officers of the cabinet-makers•union are to diaborse it at their discretion. The meet-mission and giving the appointment of the new Board to tbe Governor, wastaken up for final reading.coiniog elections in Connecticut and Rhode Island;friends. The mob increases in violence; I lie apon my aimsawaitinganattack; myfamily abaolateiy refase to retire, saying they will run buUote, and aid, as in 1776. If driven into the wo ids, I shall attempt to hold my position as long as possibk; staoding on tbe Consti- tution, the laws, and my right, I will-defend them or die. The cannon at Lexington is sent for, and the Governor aids. *•'>••"•"Is this my cause only, or that of the American people? IaittobevindtcfM^d inthi« way,andnow? Shall I stand orfall alon^. 'May God defend the right?' •'.;••••-• Your friend,' C M . CLAY." P . S.—My daughters are as firm as I aad Mrs. C. "C"i 4&$%&m& mmt•aS 1ttb ' *©tBr* **^ tati f«*r•.••i L i* ! OiMr. Timothy Cappagh made a lengthy speech, andin the course of his remark-! counseled moderation. in the grocery and liquor-store of Harmon Lohman, on and passed.DELEGATION:•/•'•*tered. SiGHT JCXOUANGK en New-York advauoed i'&>t ty cont by whom the trade ia chiefly monopolized, struck f.>r abandoned, Q snnk by collibion, 1 capsized, and 7 notice. The EBBayn will be Bout to all who forward me m irked rallying all the conservative men to my stand*rd, they on currency, but is niicbawged on «old.|'A;pleadedforitsreconsideration,astheyhadnotfullyun- illfeelingbetweentheremainderofthetwofamilies, was not'thought to be of a nature to create alarm.determine the exact time at which he should manumit.Anthecasemaybecomeofsomewideimportant,itmay be well to sketch it. The Rev. Mr. Cunningham' once, and Engine Company No It, and Hose Company Nor* contended that the Slavery which manumitted slaves were on the spot promptly, but the flames gained the ascendency,•demure insolvent/companies which do not declbje divi- dends.T h e b i l l t o p r e v e n t f r a u d s i n t h e s a l e o f g o o d s a n d personal prvperty at auction was ordered to a third reading.Scbr. Maiblebead, lugrahom, Rockland 5 days, stone for Sandy Hook fortification.<_ S c b r . R o u g h a n d R e a d y , R o b b i n s ; R o c k l a n d 5 d a y s , l i m e t o manter.Schr. Ann T. Slpple, Bacon, Albany, lumber for Boston.Scbr.C.A.Waid,Kdwards,Virginia3days,wood..Itall succees. . OURAMERICANCOUSININPHILADELPHIA.—Xn the-. •DEATH IN THE HOSPITAL.—-James Kelly, a native•V'bar-room, where he had been nearly all day carousing,and ai the time above mentioned was standing along-aide of the bar, when Murphy entered and jodtledagainsthim,causinghimtospillhisliquoroverthein 1858, and directs the Controller to pav for all work, done, or to be done, in pursuance of said contract.The bill to amend the act of 1848, to authorize the formation of corporations for manufacturing, miniug, mechanicalorcnemicalpurposes,wasreada thirdYonr paper of laet Saturday contains a short tele- graphic iepoit,of the proceedings of the RepublicanConvention of the Vllih .Diatric* of Kentucky. mayperhapsbeinterestingtoyoutoknowalittlejournals adopting T H E TRIBUNE form.InquirerW e wish TheBatk J. B. Johnson (of Searsport), Blike, Saguala Grande 10 days, sugar, & c , to Peck & Church March 23. lat. 24 50, Ion. 80 20, »poke ship Harvest Queen, 4 days from New-Orleans fox Havre..">.Themotionwasfinallypattovote, and carried over three-fourths of these present.bjmenced quarreling with Murphy.P r o m w o r d s t h e y g o t t o b l o w s , H a l l , a s i s a l l e g e d , striking the other first. Murphy, who ia a large, pow- erfully-built man, in his anger, then seized Hall, and throwing him upon the floor, jumped npon him andsonnel of our Slave- State Kepublican D«legatea.M r . B l a n d B a l l a r d i s a b o r n K e n t u c k i a n , g r a n d s o n of the somewhat celebrated Kentucky Pioneer, Majorday, Judge Cadwallader delivered an opinion in the c a s e o f L a u r a K e e n e a g t . W h e a t l a y & . C l a r k e o f t h e Arch-etreet Theater, in regard to the copyright of the playof "OurAmerican Cousin." Theopinionwas|.horrors of want, pcnnilessness, and affliction.Have we Christ-1rj-t, Hen»on Petor.burg, Jas. Hunter; R M. Brownioa, Rialey, - Plymouth, ita, M. T. Runjan & Co.;, Coronet (Br.) Nlckorson, St. John's, Tlios. James; J. B. Johnson, Johnson. Newborn M. T. Runyan: D. Smith, Miller, Matanzas, I. B. Gager; A. Smith. Dayton,Wilruinpton,J.SmithitCe.Steamer—Franklin,Dougherty,Baltimore.Airrired.Steamship Chesapeake, Crowell, Portland, mdse. and pass, to H. B. Cromwell &. Co.ShipRoyal Victoria (Br.,ofHull), Watson, Sunderland 50 days,coaltoH.&FW.Meyer. March24,lat.38,Ion.62,sig-g» • 1 STEALING ACOWANOCALF.—OnSunday,a German'OJIX SWA£X.OW, XTC—It is svti&^sunfyshat "<m«eVaHowd©«»notmake'a g^nrer." Tne•Thefollowingbillswer^passed:' To confirm the acts o^ the New-York Coaaeil xela-tive to improving P'^arth avenue.Mr.CONNOIi,r introducedabilltoincorporatetheRoseJuvenileAsylum Associationof New-York. Tb% "billto amend the charter of the Hoai«sidad FiceInsurance Company was reported favorably.the Senate, but thai body sent it to the Committee onwhen the petition was before the House. of battle, the Committee will not shrink from takiogSeveral bills of no general interest were passed; it up. Indeed, it would not be wonderful if he After spirited remarks by Messrs. V A N BURKN, iana in bur midst ?mseveral new names were proposed. ofimportancewastransacted.aNo other businesswise,andhadassumedthatthey(theU.S.SupremeCourt) had appellate jurisdiction, Judge Dixon feltconstrained to yield to precedent, an.d acquiesce in ecute a deed of manumission, but it fixed no time.ptbved )«r me«thjg*} andlevV3d small !eea upon*a4& nWmberNEW-YORK LEGISLATURE. IBROOKLYN ITEMS. TheRepublicanChartertickettohe votedto-dayfeT«og.W.KIKLD,forCollectorofTaxesand-AsseMmeat*. JOHN WrurjAxg fo'Street Commissioner. JonXC.DTJRVXA,forCommbwionerofRepairsandSappHec.Republicane of Brooklyn, vote early, vote the whole ticket, and success is ours.I 3HE W&h • --->i tilTBHE rOSW-1 mPUBLISHEDKm (8 BTHO; LfTHKTJUBUNaBTJUJOA d«Hv«red to Cfty i golMcriben,$6peranJHBOE t T B T r V r O A VERY LARGl1Mpublished every SAT Mannum,inadvance 09; T en Copies tor «:tarj larger nomber at tl Copt©*toaddress of « therateof$1 20eac'M twenty or more will o tiro* may commenceAdvertisement* in IAR PERLIBS forXBUB *ne FOR EURO 1Mpublished on the de> jwoLat »>5 per annuaT H E * * FOR CALIFORNIA,Jt pobRthed on the ae; wmO,at$190peranm0JJI Brook; yiBE^TJLAForthTHURSIPoRsbeMatNo. VA. Open from 8 to 26a.JAMEJMerchant,No.1SPENCFJ Merchant, N o ~ ForC ST! 8Wp Broker, N oFox THCkik, No. 51 Pierrep •--' 1.BE DrugW l U J U l A . OBLLAt W»ia«a-«t.D*JKWIN G. EATOX,ROBKRT C. 0«DKN Broadway, with Mwii ADRIAN VANSINDJUfVaU-st. - * CHAHJJW L. WOODD Chamber* r t , with M< . GKOKOKS.Dwrepr, ROBKJRT T . 8BA.V?O Broadway,withMutmCBABXJU A Moks Sooth-si.BiKur M.EVANS,C hwhi-st.For I Cheik» J. Shepard,cA.•AB r « o k l y TNDEPI TBIPOLLSAt No. 15- Optsfrom8to10o'<Clark, with Tov••"!RIC I*wy*r—firmForC ' • QL With the Amo. K«f o r t h e b e n e f i t o f tf*> s i c k , a n d t h e s t r e n g t h <of t h e a n i o n testdayofMarchwaawarmone*^ vj intaaeofiany faiore collisionwiththe*employers. forgwa 0WB or La*tevening»meetingwasheldfo*theparposeof any other Summer M*ds, * w u t b e i r m u g i C ) Sunday e^preecing tneir sympathy ^iththe^abmetmakers w h o» •jftirniog, the first day of - ^ p ^ w*»3 very lively and are nowoti strike. Speeches were made by variousarsons,representing boththepianomakorsandthe cabinetmakers, and a resolution waa .adopted to the ^wereallowed,togoout,and. effectthateacnmembershouldcontributefrom fifty0nue, Brooklyn, W*Bordered *M a third raiding.TION. FromaSpecialCorrespondent.W ASHINGTON, April 2,1860.met at Berea, insulted th* people by searching the houses, and not finding Sanson, they p»ovoked a con- flict; severalwe*ew.ouaded,andtheLyncherswere defeated.cneeifo). Allthefor*pir*wflg gowarm ibAtfireat opea windows,"*or out up/^npeople sat indoor*piazzas*orowes placesintheopenair. Itwasa-dayor otherof enryjmentf*-^ ^ w n o ^ ^ ^ u p -m tt<s ^ ^ ^• of that day, the atmosphere<tey§inthe^,/eek,whowereabletorambleou',into ^Themoneyistobecollectedbythercprese»t&tivesTheMetropolitanPolicebill,reorganizingtheCom- againsttaeHouseInvestigatingCommittee;the ofmyFrankfortspeech,andshoulddefendmyselfandinp; w a s l a r g e l y a t t e n d e d , a n d t h e o r a t o r s w e r e g r e e t e d dowo, a change came i>n; at fir.it, alittle patt^ria^ rain, •with many an enthusiastic " Bravo." 'On SundayMr. J. M. MURPHY spoke at some length in oppo- sition, excepting particulaily to the clause which pro-AI. Public opinion seems generally to concur in the sentiment, that the President started before hemoved to-strike out the 9th section:" Allthe-Sues-and penalties incurred under thi* actshall be T«6ov«?&Me oy, and in the name of *ud Commnuioner*. In ah caava "whfcie tao fi&ea »n 1 penalties prescribed by this act are mv>> lift- npon property, th«j »IJR11D«»nforcod by a'.twlwwnu laaoed by vbe Cou:t wherw the proceedings .'or the recovery oimx-h tn.-"- »r-4 penaities <hall be peniicg to tbi> offi>ars to whomrx-v-ui i"u» of tmi:t ;ju.-t« xrn U*ued, *i.d abail be enforced anddi»cfa«i., -a in like tuaiuiier a.a attachaivnts a£«ii<at property ofn««>re»idAnt detHo/» and all tin«« and pen^hies which aie madeben* on rekaela under tbia act shall b* paid by, and be recover-able (rota thti master, owner, or coa&i^nee of soch vaasel;andtbesaidComzntMlonerishallhavepower, in th(sirdiscretiontoxezz.it any fines, or penalties iocorred nnder this act. For thepurposes oi this act all piers and balk heads shall be deemedand taken as extending into the adjoining streets in the rear last in consequence of the elopement of a man named thereof a d^taiie* of ten feet. In all actions and proceedings Charles Hartmann with the wife of a neighbor naaed nnder this act, in the Marine Cooxt or Dutrict Courts of the CityPost. PHILADELPHIAANNUALCONFERENCE.ofNew-York,thesatomonaandattachmentshallbereturnable in not more th*n four days from their date, and where the real n a m e o f d e ' e D d a n t i-> n n k n o w n . t h e a t t a c h m e n t m a y i s s u e , a n dJohnZimmerman,allGermans. HartmaDn marrieda rich widow by whom he had one child; and laterly,ToincorporatetheDown-Town CluboftheCityof New-York.T o i n c o r p o r a t e t h e L o n g I s l a n d R a i l r o a d C o m p a n y . Adjourned.From OurOwn Correspondent.ALBANY, Monday, April 2,1860.A NEW-YORK CITY RAILROAD.III. Some politicians argue that if the Democ- r a c y l o s e C o n n e c t i c u t a n d K h o d e I s l a n d , i t . w i l l a i dthewayofintensefeelingwaiinthecaseof theRev. W.Quinn,againstwhomchargeswere preferred for h o l d i n g s l a v e s , c o n t r a r y t o t h e D i s c i p l i n e , i n t h a t t h o u g hROBBERY.—OnSundayafternoontheapartmentsofa bouse corner of Franklin and Oak streets, Geeenpoint, occu-centsto$1perweekforthebenefitofthecabinetma- kerswhoareonstrike,andto continue.doingaountil they proved thesupremacy of the workingmanin the•<OnTneedaytheyreturnedinforce;butfindingno Three topics, at the pro8ent moment, seem to one, they broke up the saw-mill, and *wore vengeance possessthemindofthepoliticalworldattheNo- ag&incVineandthewholeparty. Inthemewtimetional Capita), namely, the President's protest (on Tuecday) I spoke at Richmond, stating that I wasaxd has been for peace; that I stood upon the groundTHEtakes place this day, and politicians were eonaoqnently 80busylastnightthatnobusinessnotconnectedwith the election could be transacted. Thus the Common. Councildidnotmeet. Atthe hour appointedforcall- ingtheBoardtoorderthePresidenttookthechair,but not a solitary Alderman w a s present. There w a s con- sequently no meeting. The neighborhood of the City Hall wascrowded with politicians allday,and several fights occurred between the friends of the opposing Democratic factions, who h«»d waxed warm in advo- cating the merits of their favorite candidates. JohnMcCanley and Patrick Kenan were arrested for a«- eaulting Hugh O'Rourke, but were released on giving bail. Tne regular mee ings of tbe Board of Educationb y r e p r e s e n t i n g t h a t h e w a s a b o u t c o m m e n c i n g b u s i - the action shall bebrought agaioat the defendant by a fictitious ness, obtained between $10,000 and $11,000. Tneyp i e d b y W . 8 t i l l w a « o n , w e r e b r o k e n o p e n w h i l e t h e f a m i l y Douglas at Charleston; rwhile others claim, that his slaves were manumitted, it was not until they weTe at church, and wearing apparel valued at $49 was stolen.name." Uvea on the front of {the avenue, while Zimmerman Tne Commissioners finding that 8U3h action crippled lived in a tcnemf nt house in the rear. Clandestine in-the bill, they asked Mr. Minicrrs to withdraw it. This terviews had taken place between Hartmaon and Mrs. onVr at withdriwal brought some of the Senators to Zimmerman—who is represented as a very line lookingsuch a result would operate precisely the otherway. But the prevailing opinion seems to be thatv<rere thirty-three years of age. Mr. Quinn was re- Officer Davis subsequently found the property secreted in a quested, last Conference, to manumit them earlier. H e ch'mney oi the same house, which ia occupied by several fam>ilies.think of the matter, and accordingly some of themmorning, the two-siory frame-bull iins; belonging to J. Sitnxaone'a »hlpyard,locatedatthecornerof Washington andMilton streets, was discovered to be on fire. The alarm was given atderstood it before. Mr. Trueman of Chenung, the Zimmerman, who ia a baker, took things rather main opponent of the bill, agreed that a bill should beand before tbe fire wa« subdued, th- two-story frame house, ana at thirty'-fice years of age was the moet profitable a lo/tand ibed about 100 feet long w»re detrjoli«hed Tbe ahed kind,andthatitwasnotamanumissionsuch88locked andloftare800leetlorg,andthewhole extentwouldhave beendestroyedbutfortieefficiencyoftbe firemen. Thebuilding toextirpation. Mr.Quigleysaidwewereaboutto wherethofireoriginatedwasoaedasanoa»umshop,andtho trythismanfornotbeingAnti-Slavery,when behad loftformonlds. Noportionofthepremiseshasbeeninusefor;•:.per day,A painter from Brooklyn stated that he had beenmalfeasance in office, made agamst him.Mr. MILLER opposed the motion and it was lost. Mr. CALLICOT rais d a point of order that theheartily despised and derided by the residue; he has not the slightest hold upon the popular heart; whileResolved, That in the attempt now mnking to expel Caaaius M. Clay and his associate*, peaceful and law-abiding citizens, from the State of Kentucky, w e recognize the h»nd of tne bloody acd barbarous ay»tem of Slavery, which tbs Democratic party is BtrlvtDg to fasten upon tho Territories of thi» country.of United States, 82; Ireland, 19; all other countries, 10. To T H E HUMANE —The humane of Wil'iamsburglu,woman—for some time past, which, although it createdDouglas is doomed past recovery, and that thestruggle is narrowed down to Hunter, Guthrie, tioning the right of the Conference to authoritatively FIRE AT GREENPOINT.—About 1 o'clock on SundayBreckinridge,andLane,withthechancesinfavor of the former.. (.,.fV'H>i>'''t»''1and the approaching Convention at Charleston. Karm and refre^htog, for it laid the dtr8t. Then it evening the ptano-makers held an election of officers vides that any policemin may enter a house or otner- word of these,' in their order.Earned cool, col*^ xsolc'er, and the wind Vaged throughfor the en8uw>g half year, which resulted as follows: building without a warrant, where he has probable F. GiUman, Prerfitont, reelected; H. Relnlander, Recording cause to suppose that stolen property is concealedthenipht,withulittledustingofsnow.Totssuncame Societaly;ItOtfiaScaraidt.FinancialSecretary;F.Roland, there,orsomecrimehasbeenorisbdingcommitted wassentfor,andthat"J.B."isnotAndrewJack-lup objured , Wt at length became nnv^Ued, yetitarajsseemed dafivi and without warmt'a; and Mondayjaommg"VM»s a decidedly cool one-—cold enough for jcet such <*>variDg as wa^ in use in.:February. In the enontry, -alew miles north of the city, the ground wasfrozen un inch deep,anditwasinnohurrytothaw. J?ot a'iu-d chirped its cheerful song, as many did the day*belore. Truly " one swallow does not make, aCoirespondi»g Secretary; T . Mayer, Treasurer. »there.Mr. SPINOLA spoke at length against the attemptson. .When Jackson sent his famous Protest to the Senate, defying Clay, Calhoun, Webster, and the followers of the Great Triumvirate, the heart of the people beat responsive to his glowing words, because he w a s waging w a r uportva mammoth moneyed cor-l! Sottmer."TwKjmBTH "Wa«X> Stoceimt.iCA.Ks.—At a meetinghad been sailing with his father, who owns a smal vessel running between Albany and New-York. Jua< beforethe E.A.Johnsonsailed, helefthisfather andMessrs. GOSS and ROBERTSON argued in favor of he clause.Toe latter said the Republicans are responsible for thelaw,andshouldnotleavetheforceinthehands-of Democrats. He claimed if the bil passed that the Republican vote in the city would be increasea 20,000.Amotionto strike outtbeenactingclausewaslost, 10 to 17, Mesexs. Manierre and Hillhouse, Republican*, voting in the affirmative.The bill was then recommitted to the Committee of the Whole, and made the special order for to-morrowfrom his native State will be a sad one for Kentucky. From the Free States of tbe North and the Slave States of the South, thousands of .his ardent friends will arise in his defense, and hia expatriation will cause tbe name of Kentucky to become a hisaing and a by-word throughout the land. But we hope for«CoNCERjr.—The Sund*y-School of the Westminster-Presbyterian Church, corner of Fir*t plac»and Clinton avenue, Brooklyn, will give a concert this evening.*>THE FERRIAGE QUESTION.—The argument on the•**-««Sghth streat, a C\vb was.formed auxiliary to the "Central Campaign Club. Mr. T . C.Seara w a s elected President, Edward *€Hlbert,first Vice-Preeident, John W. Oliver, eeoend Vice-President, O. S. Baker andC. A. Rnnkfe, Secretaries, James O. Bennett, Treas uxer,andSamuel^Sinclair, P. C. Bulkley, A.J.Dit- tenhoefer, -John Hooper, and Charles W . Gardner, delegates to the-Cental Campaign Club.THE SHJUD P*LISJNTHX NORTH BTVER.—Arrange- ments were made yesterday wher*by the intolerable nnieanoe-of the Jersey 'fishermen's shad poles is to be removed jortbwich. Doubtless this annual annoyance to oureJarrpiog would not have been renewed if theHarbor Commisaioneis were aided in their useful workby the legislature. It appears that they went to thejJegiefetxae early in January to aek for several amend-ments to-the acf under which they serve. One of themwtnt to Albany no less than four times to present thematter, -and to give reasons for the-application. A bill purpose of ratifying their strike for $2 12 perday.Reports were received from about 17 shops ia which w&e perfected and presented through Mr. Manierre in $2 a day was being paid.^f worktog BepubBcans in the Xlth Assembly Dia-lect, on Monday -evening, at No. 191 WestTwenty- shipped with Capt. Barr for a voyage to Virginia."WXRX YTOERJE THREE OR FOUR MURDERS ?— TllC to make a political machine of tae police force. During Albany Knickerbocker says: hie remarks he eulogized the action of Simoon Draper, " It has been ascertained that a young man named who, while on the commission, ^endeavored honestly•.IntheAssemblyto-dayMr.Collins,fromtheCom- mittc on Cities and Villages, reported complete the bill quietly and attended to his business regularly; to authorize the construction of a railroad in South,AUGU Clerk, withAL; With D.kbut on Saturday morning, when he,' returned from his nightly laoors, he was astonished to find his "frau"missing,andmostofhishouseholdgoodsgone.•Histhreechildrenwereleft,however,aasomesorii of consolation. He soon ascertained that a carman hadleftthehousewiththegoodsbutafewminutes before,andheranoutandovertookhim. Beingun- able to speak English so as to be understood, he ihade themostviolent gesticulations,,attempted to stopthe carman'shorse,andinfactactedinsuchamanner thatthecarman,thinkinghewascrazy,tookhimon the vehicle and conveyed him to the Police Headquar-West, and other Streets ia the City of New-York, whichreportwasagreed to,andthebill wasordered toathirdreading.BUSHWICK AVENUE.Mr.Brigge,fromtheSelectCommitteeconsistingofthe KingsCounty delegation,reported completethebill to widen Bushwick avenue, which report wasagreedto,andthebillorderedengrossedforathird reading.NEW-YORK CONSTABLES.WISCONSINPOLITICS.drawn u p . Accordingly t h e Commissioner i n attend- ance,withMr.MontgomeryofSt.Lawrence,drewup abilltowhichMr.Truemanconsent-d. Whenthere consideration wasmoved, Trueman backed put of his agreement,andthereconsiderationwasnotaskedfor.The*Commissioners then, finding that they could not dojusticetotheStateunderthepresentlaw,CDmmani- cated with the Governor, asking to be relieved fromthedutiesofHarborCommissioners,which communi- cation the-Governor eeni to the Senate last Saturday.TBZTAXXA»YSOCIETY.—Theregularmeeting oftheSachems of Tammany ^ as held at their headquarters the bouse. He was to have conveyed them to Jerseylast evening. Grand-Sachem Fowler in the chair; City, where the guilty pair had ordered them to be left.Yesterday morning Zimmerman, accompanied by County to erect a new Court- House.CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.MCFARLAND,DaneCo.,Wis.,March.27,I860.WehaveaChief Justicetoelectoneweakfromto-day,tofillthevacancyoccasionedby the deathof E V.Whifconlastyear. h. S.Dixonwaslastyearappointedtofillthevacancy untilanelectionsboold be held. In the meantime, Judge Dixon tertain the charge, showei the ca»e to have a docu- stealing a cow and a calf from James Stevenson, mUktnamin,JBftANKUNWOODS JOSEPHB.LEGGED B.P.W.KcMULLEl V&OUAB H. 8HANR 2HO.R.KENNAJDAY .BJSNRY. B.SMKTH,C O. LUBOVIC BESNE1 PAUL. WORTH, M«nJOANF.FINH,Clerk, WM.'R. BLISS, JA_Lecture on AdaTOCKwill lectaxeoa« JKpi*copal Church, conJ)AY EVENING, at3-Clarke Monument Fumf . Tickets, SOcents; toA Regni&r Elect c a n Association w ING, at UwrFraaklin B order ofR.8.GOULPJr,SecWiR be^rublished st: •contents wjlib«:TRENTE ET GUAJ the •'Roman Qnesticn. THE FAUST PAPI•*The Century." REPORT ON THiHOLOGICAL.fiOClE' JOHN CHINAMAN of *'Pencnal Adventui With vaiiou* papen, general matters. Published at.No. 3TPAmericanJKngliu .-meetingoithisSocietyAldermanPeclcandAldermanHenrywereinitiated,andMrs. Hartmann,wenttotheDetectiveOffice. The LOCAL BILLS.former appeajea less wild than he was ou Saturday A large number of other bills of a local characterbutstill seemedto be greatlyweighed down bythe werereportedcomplete/ andorderedtobe engrossed misfortune which hid befallen him. Mrs. Hartmann, for third reading.United States Supreme Court had decided it other- their liberty, and go to Africa.thecarmanwascompelled totakethegoodsbackto• ••'•fv w.5 mmrnV\ Mm inmm.NEW-YORKDAIL YTRIBTJNE,TUESDA Y ,•«W*iflSMfcFROMAPRILWASHINGTON.^-*3 , I860fuel to the old fire. I went there on 8atnrday^ and.tried to induce him to leave, telling hi<n h/^would bring on a fight, and advising tbe Ropnblu^ug to keep apartfromthemovement. Themob^'0oncecriedoutteSENATE Thebilltoestablishthegrade{theFlV-buaa.ave-BUCHANAN'SMESSAGE—CONNECTICUTANDRHODEISLANDELECTIONS—CHARLESTONCONVEN- thatXwasthenplottinganatta^.OnMondaytheyWilliamVanDyok,aformer residentof Albany,ani toconductthelaw,andwhen hefoundhimselfover- poration, which they believedwasendeavoringtowhoresidedwhenathomeinOrangeBtreet,wasonhoard the E . A . Johnson at the time of the enactmentof the awiul tragedy on that boat. Young V an Dyck Murphy.been tried before, but only to recoil upon the heads of consequence of the election to-day there will its authors. The hour when Cassias M. Clay is exiled meetii-g until Thursday evening, the 5th last.ruled,heresigned. Messrs.HAMMONDandGRANTarguedagainstcorruptthecountryandsubvertitsliberties. Then, too, thcTe was a heroism in the old man's mode of attack.upon these powerful chiefs which gave to the conflict the air and aspect of a battle among giants. And Jackson was the idol of his party; while there was a majesty in his mien and axmaRnetism in his personal contact which aroused unprecedented enthusiasm id the masses. More- over, the great body of the nation, and especially the middle classes, believed h e w a s honest beyond most public men, and not only proof against corrupt appliances in his own case, but hadnever stooped to their useupon others.TheattempttoexpelMr.ClayfromKentuckyhas takeplaceontbefirstTuesdayofeverymonth,butir*he constitutionality of the clause objeoted to by Mr.be n »Ifauchisthefactwhydidnothisnameappear npon the shipping articles of the sloop Johnson ?mRESCUED.—The $800 required to purchase the slave wife of " Sam", in Washington, noticed in T H E TRIB- TJSEonMcnday,andwhichweretoberaisedbythe1st of April, were eecured on Saturday, and the womanrescued and restored to her husband and children. aMASS MEETJUW OF JOURNEYMEN HOUSE-P AINTERS.—Last evening the journeymen house painters of thiacity held another mass meeting, Patrick Keady in thechair. The chairman having stated the object of themeeting to be that of determining upon a regular petition of the citizens of Brooklyn aaking for tbeim-standard of wages, which Bhould he not less than $2 peachment of Judge Culver upon sworn charges of barely tolerated by a portion of his party, and isevening.Adjourned.<annotbethatthelandofClaycanbesoutterlybe- ottedasto allow mob law to rule throughout herfrom appropriating money for the purpose of aiding tho passage of the One-Cent Ferriage bill by the Legisla- ture was heard by Judge Culver of the City CourtThe Insolvent bill came down from the Senate.delegated to attend that meetiug, and to report that theBrooklyn painters were unanimous in their determina- petition musv be regularly presented and read, and an attempt to arouse enthusiasm in his behalf tion to remain by the decision of the New-York So- could not be laid on the table until it was read. among the masses would be as hopeless as to seekRemlved, Tha: the nerois bearing and many courage of Cassiua by calling at No. 69 McKibbin street, will find, in attic, w.ejWrciety. Last night they were to have a meeting for theThe SPEAKER ruled that the point was not well to excite an insurrection in a grave-yard by whistlingtaken, inasmuch as the time to raise the point was to the tomb-stones. Having thrown down the gaugeM.Clay,inhisefforts)nthecauaeofpeaceful andconstitutional emancipation, entitle him to the warm admiration and sym- pathy of the Republican party, always, and especially in the hour of danger.catedandworthywomannamed'Mrs.Berner,withtwochildren, sleeping upon the bare floor, and patiently submitting to all the.Mr. Mcllvaine charged that shops had been reported among them, one to loan money to the Antwerp should be summoned before them to give testimonyEASTEKBROOK, COFFIN, and others, the resolutions wereunanimouslyadopted,anditwasorderedthatFREAKS OF A LUNATIC.—L te on Sunday night theresidentsInthevicinityofAinslieondLeonardstre«u,E.D., were startled by tho shrill voice of a female frantically crying "Murder." Upon proceeding tothe home awomanwasdis- covered at a s*cond-story window, calling for help a n i endeavor- ing to jump from the window, but was p-evented by Mrs. .Dale, the occupant of the house. The woman proved to be the servant s^jl. named Bridget iiiJey, who hid become insane. She w u taken care of at the Station-House, and yes^rday was sent to the Asylum.CHARGE O F ARSON.—Noah- L . Brown w a s broughtbe*ore Justice Comwell yesterday for examination on tbe charge of setting fire to a stable in Fu tton lane on Saturday night, and also with setting fire to a caroenteri'hop in Do Kaib avenue, aCommerce,whosubsequentlyreported unfavorably. aspacing$2adayinwhich"notmorethantwelveor LiteiaryInstituteinreferencetotheUniversityof When it came up for passage, Mr. Pressor of Erie fourteen shillings a day were being paid^. He said New-Yoik.(not,ofcourse,tocriminatehimself) inregard""to thegroundsof hisstatementsinthePittsburgh let- ter. Whynot? Isthe.Presidentabove thelaw7II. T h e impression prevails very generally here that the elections in Connecticut and iihode Island will have a potent influence upon the Presidential contest. If the Republicans carry both these States, after the tremendous assaults which have been made upon them by the Democracy, then shrewd calculators admit that the prospects of the Charleston nominee will be dimmed,; and those of the Chicago candidate brightenel, by.the result.The most intense interest is manifested in these sig-they.bepublishedinTUEN.Y.TRIBUNEandEveningthatshopsinwhichonlyonemanwaspaid$2aday, whi.e perhaps a doaen or more men were being paid 12and 14 shillings a day,could notbe legitimately re- ported as paying $2 a day.Onetoamendtheactauthorizing theformationof Agricultural and Horticultural Societies.To release the first lien of State mortgage onthe property of the State Agricultural Society.Recess till 7 p. m.The following bills were passed:• In relation to bale hay and hay scales.To authorize the City of Rochester to raise $10,000 by tax for schools.To incorporate the Brooklyn Medical andSargical Institute.A cutter in a tailor's shop addreesed the meeting at some length, in favor of a National Union of all trades, for the protection of labor.NINTH D A Y . Correspondence of TheN. Y. Tribune.A number of new members were received b y the payment of their fees, and the meeting adjourned.P H I L A D E L P H I A , March 30, I860* The session to day has been the most exciting of theTo amend the charter of the Washington Insurance A DOUBLE ELOFEMENT.—The neighborhood of Company of New-York.entire Conference. The memoirs of some six deceased short time previous. A youth named J£<Jward Biker testified totbeeffectthatbesawamanofBrown'sdimensions,anddressed as he usually dresses, jump over the gate adjoining the carpenter- khop just before the fije was discovered At this stage of ttoAvenueC,betweenEleventhandTwelfthstreets,was thrown into a state ofintense excitement on Satardaymemberswerereadthis morning, and thia afernopnthe famous Tract subject was before the Conference,and dicited most excited debate. But tlte feature in proceedings tbe examination was adjourned until Thursday.whoisquiteafinelookinglady,saidshewasgladher TOOINDUSTRIOUS.I.VEEJRJATES' FRIENDS' SOCIETY.—The friends who good-for-nothing husband was gone, although she re- The House resolved to meet at 9 .in the morning Court. A large majority of the Eepublicans of this ter waspassed, &c.the'decisionanddemandof theUnitedStates In1846Mr.Quiimrepliedbyletter,andhischarac- have organized the Inebriatss' Friends' Society solicit gretted the lose of her money. She is not left destitute hereafter, and to hold three sessions per day—morning, State, not agreeing with Judge Dixon, and wishing The question was on the right of the Conference toCity of Washington..New-York....LiverpoolApril tApril 11 .April 14March 18 March". March 11 March 2 } .March .24however, being the owner of considerable property in aidintheshapeofmoney,clothing,food,&c,forthe herown right. Itisprobablethattheguiltypairhavepurposeofasaisiingthemincarryingoutitsobject, genetoPhiladelphia. Mrs.Hartmanndidn'tfeelin namely, the salvation of the drunkard. Tneir appeal clined to follow the matter up, thinking herself betterAnbia.AdriaticSaxonia. Bremen Kangaroo CanadianNew-York.... Liverpool New-York....SouthamptonTO ARBIVE. Southampton .New-York Southampton.New-York.aftei-nocn, and evening. The Legislature will psesibfy hold onabout twoweeks longer,which,withthree lessionsperday,willaffordopportunityforconsider-•maybefoundinanothercolumn. heisgone,aniwillnotwillinglydoanythingtobringhim back ygaim. Not so with Zimmerman, ho wever. i The Attorney-General sent in a lengthy communica- then called out Judge Dixon as an independent can- exercised. It was also stated that his wife had abso-held last night at Convention Hall in Wooster street, bac^k and resume her duties by taking charge of the for the purpose of considering the pCipriety of Btriking klcincn kinder whom she so cruelly deserted.for an increase of wages. Wm.Holt, the President ofthe Union, occupied the chair. About 500 membersabolishing railroad tolls. TheAttorney General ar-rivesatthe conclusionthatthe actwasinviolation ofthe requirements of the Constitution. Three thousand unanimously for Judge Dixon, and as Judge Dixonit was argued she was the responsible party in the case,&c.Finally, however, the Conferense. dispossd of the case on the ground that it wits closed by his com-~J0WBNAJJ.Imports were received from numerous employers, and itwasfoundthatthirty-fivebosseshadconsentedto pay the increase, while othera still held off, though not paremptori-y refusing.Amotionwasmadethatallworkmennotreceiving the standard price, make application, in a respectfal manner, to their employers, on Tuesday (this) morning, for the increase, and in the event of being refused, they knock-offworkuntiltheirdemandsareaccededto.steamship Northern Light, and while denning xome machinery received an extensive wound in the head from the walking berxm. Afterlingeringforanumberofdaystheintlamojatloncinse.lby thetroui.d extei.dedtothelanes,resultingindeath Coroner Jac/<r»a.ii held an inquest on the bodv, when the jury rendered averdict In accordance with tne above facts. •County.ToincorporatetheRocklandSavingsB4nk_The act for the Preservation of Wild Deer, Birdsand Fish. ForthespeedyCompletion-ofSections20and21ofwillbeb)hisgettingfromfourtoeightthousand Republican votes. IfJudge Sloan should be elected next Tuesday, you may set Wisconsin down as good for from fifteen to twenty thousand major- ityfortheRepublicancandidateforthePresidencyyearsofagerespectively,formaleandfemale. The votewasnotonthejustnessofhiscourse,butonthe abstract question whether his case was covered and finally dispoted of by the Conference acceptance, ccc,leans,WNelson4tCo.Barks—E.CusbingDixon,Arroya,Yates,PorterfielditCar Sarah. Andrews. Bankak, J. Norton, jr.Brigs-Costa.Rica, Chapman, AspinwalL Panama Railroad j Hotter (Br.), Crane, Antigua J. S. Whitney k. Co.JB>Engineers are cordT b e R c r . VHe thought it would be better to avoid a strike, if pos- sible,asthosewhowentonastrikeweregenerallythe loeers. Aboutfouryearsagotheymadeastrikefor nigher wages, h o t heft re doing so they went tothair employers, w h o told them they would pay the advance if ail the others would. So matters continued until some one gave the ball a kick, and it rolled from Beaver street away up town. All came in and paidthe increase. H e urged upon those present to rsflect before they voted, as their action would affect many m e m b e r s o f t h e U n i o n n o t p r e s e n t *the north-west corner of Water street and Rutgers clip,and during the affray that ensued between them,MurphyknockedhisantagonistdoWE,andliterallystamped and kicked him to death. Hall was in the firtt to Seventy-ninth street, made with John McGvaueLOUISVILLE, March 29, 1860. departments. Thus gradually are the most flourishing naled whip Daniel Webster, of and from New-Bedford; 28th, lat. 39. Ion. 69, spoke ship Storm King, hence for San Francisco.oil*withoutherhusbandthanwithhim.Sheisgladablemischief.toadheretoandsustaintheformerdecisionsofourS»ate*SupremeCourt,AScottSloanwasnominat-edbytheRepublicanStateConventionasacandi- yearssoonerthanthelawsoftneStateofMary- datefortheofficeofChiefJustice. TheDemocrats landfixed asthelimitatwhichtheyshouldnotbeLiverpool Liverpool LiverpoolMARINENew-Y ork New-Y ork.... BostonTOLLING.RAILROADS.BJUCXXA.YE.RS ON A STRIKE.—A special meeting of ; tion in reply to a resolution of the House asking hie He th nks his wife is a very good woman yet; but thatthe Bricklayers' Benevolent and Protective Union was Hartmaxin is a very bad man. He hopes she may come opinion as to the constitutionality of the law of 1851didate.The Democratic vote of the State will be givenlute control over the slave property, and that he could Niagara n>t manumit her slaves without her consent. So thatof Ireland, 21years ofage, died yesterday morning at the New- York ilospiuu from tbe elTtict of injuries received on the 2i»th ofCleared.Steamship—Star of the West, McGowan, Havana, M. O.Ships—Bavaria, Bailey, Havre. W . Whitlock; J. S. HalL. To incorporte the People's Savingd Bank of Dutchess thus given, but if Judge Dixon shall be elected, it year ago, that ministers manumit slaves at 25 and 21 Graves, St. John's, N. B.; Maid of Orleana, Dennis, New-Or-BRUTALMURDER.the Oswego Canal Eulargament.Schooners-Ocean Wave, Lockhart,St.John's,N.B.fD.R. In the evening the appointments were read by the Dew»lf; M. Mankin, Beers, Boston, Dayton St Spragne; *iarga-WEDNESDA Y , T I JNfOON, 3i o'clock, in B .«r,« Church,Oranberry nJtVERY EVENING JUrr.Dr.McElroy>CILectureoniSt.P« J9LANK1N, inth©.42d-<t •ath-ev*., THURSDAY ] Admittance 25 cent*. . JEickets. to be hadat me~ Th> •CLIREHUGHlawba wearing Wigs anentin which be claims pos*e»«< sjr^o all other*. Those icede their incomparable feoan studied, and tha res ze^ardathefit,whkhU ioRyc Botteitod. No..&*>JICclcrana o f t h e X I 8 6 0 . — T h e A n n u a l M e ethe Lefarge House, CM V at.e.a'eiock. for the «icciByorderof gAiA-QB, Adjatant.AtLoilsraiion oi JL tureo, _Pr. Cox revi« C h e m i e t , w i R d e n v e r a -MAN STAMPED TO DEATH. Twomen,named Patrick MurphyandPeterHail, gotintoanaltercationyesterdayafternooa,at4o'clock,at Lockpoit, and the lessees thereof (renewal of lease), was lost on ita final reading, 42 to 35.IntheSenate,thebilltoextendtaecharter ofthe AtlanticDockCompany21years,wasreadathirdtime,feated Wiscosin is still good for from ten to fifteen thousand majority for the Republican ticket in Nov-An soon as Murphy left the store, the persons who summary disposal it made of the concurrent reaolotiou hopea ihey" would not reaort to violence, use obscene were present, and who witnessed the brutal act, rushed to amend the Constitution so asto reorganize the CourtSchr. Alma (Br.), Cuiry, CornwalRs, N- S., 17 days, potatoo* a meeting of the Directors of tho New-York, New- to D. R. JUewolf.afireoccurredinthefour-storybuildingNo.135Mer- wages in purchasing liquor. Hewasasingleman, cer atreet, involving a lose, to the occupants of about and resided at the corner of Rutgers and Monroemoiid. Tinman, YVuriitfr. sey,SpinoJu.end hijpredilections oscillate between Seward aua fromNewfoundland,asacontributiontoscience, andasameans of demonstrating tho groat utility of the Telegraph in that de-$2,000 or&&Q. Mr.George H. Kitchen, manufac-turerofgasfixtures,occupiedthebasement; Eoff6cShepardtheeecondfloor,andWhimsy&Lyon sew-ing-machine manufacturer*, the third and fourth' 1W*.The fire ori^nated in a rear room on the fourth floorwhichwaspackednearly full of^wiog-m^hin^ itlheavyboxes,buthoworinwhatmanneritstaredi«unknown. Manyofthemacldnesweredamagedbvthe beat and by water, and the loss thereon willTHK USURPATIONS OK THE UNITED STATES SEN-ATB!!—$300.—TheundernIgDedoffersthefollowingpriz*8:$200 forthebe»tLegalEaKay,and$100forthebeatPopularEuanyon the following «[iieition»v v&:•I. In what, if any, canes, does the Constitution permit the SenateoftheUnitedStateBtocoerceWitneime*forinformationto merelyaidlegri»lutl<n1II. In what, if any, couen, does tho Constitution permit the SrnateoftheUnitedStatestoseizeandforcewitneasenfromthoir SUtea to merely aid lcgi6lation?III.Inwhat,ifany,cusoe,doeathoConstitutionpermitthe Senate of the United State« to invefctifito alleged crime to merely aid legislation ?Adger, Adams, from New-Xork, arrived here at 2 o>'CcilOo-ck thru Of the two alternates, Messrs. Frische and Meri- Rnolvcd, That a copy of thia resolution be furnished tothe (Saturday>afternoon.amountto'aboot$1,600.Thefirewasconfinedtotheupper floor, ana the stock bslow was d-toiaged bv The proprietor of the place, it ia said, was out on theTelegraph.ceasedwasterribly lioerated, andhisbodyborethe whichwasadopted14to6asfollows:canmeeting. HeisaveryearnestAnti-Slaveryman, and has not only manumitted his own slaves, but sus- tained much injury in business, through the enmity ofofcharge,asfollows:To the Associated Press;To the Superintendent of tbe Coast Survey; To the Smithsonian Institution; andfive hundred copies of the document were ordered.to be printed for the use of the Assembly.is generally considered a moderate Kepublican, theDemocrats expect to elect their candidate as theyexpect several thousand Republican votes will be pliance with the requirement of the Conference of*>PORT OF NEW-YORK.APRIL 2.ALDAN-;;Anril2,1860.To incorporate the Atlantic Savings Bank of New-York. ward;nificant contests, and all eyes are strained thither-manumitted his slaves at a time when they would bringhimsome$20,000;tryamanfornotbeingAnti- Slavery who has lost $20,000 for thia very principla.mentaryhistory,whichwajthat,in1842,thisConfer- has given two decisions adverse to the former de- ence requested all ministers being within the State ofseveral months andit Is supposed that the fire musthave beenThe bill to extend, tbe term of office of Consta- cisions of our Supreme Court in regard to State Delaware absolutely to manumit their slaves, but fixed wasorderedtoathirdreading. ume therecouldbenomanumission, audaccordinglyFirst street, Eastern District, on the 28th of March. It i« al- legedthathebutcheredandsoldtbeanimalssince. Hewillbo taken before Justice Fox this morning.i>i*:r>.MILLER—Joseph Miller, No. 30 Court street, Brooklyn-Notice of the funeral will be given in to-morrow's (Wednesday)paper.Movement* o f Ocean Steamers.TO DEPAB.T.• Ltave For BaU. Canada.. Boston Liverpool ...April 4 Illinois New-york....Southampton, ice...April 7ters in Broome street. Here Zimmerman explainedthe nature OJ affaire by means of an interpreter, and bles in tbe City of New-York from one to two years, Eights. Judge Dixon would have regarded the no time. In Maryland, it was understood at tiltKINGS COUNTY COURT HOr/SE. Fugitive Slave act as unconstitutional if it had come they^simply requested ministers resident there, and Also the bill to authorize the Supervisors of Kings up as an original question; but, inasmuch as the holding slaves, to endeavorfcoinduce them to accept of1845. which,, it wasalleged, put it beyond their con- Among tbe bills read a third time and passed by tho given for Judge Dixon. trol at present. It thus constitutes not even an excep-:iiPASSAGE OF BILLS.were present. The wages heretofore paid have been$1 75 p«r day, and an increase of 25 cents is now asked. Kebmary. The deceased was formerly a huid on board the Assembly to-day were the following: Many such votes, I have reson to believe, will be tion to the recommendation of this Conference one Roberts,.of1845.The bill in relation to the surplus waters of the Casual in November next. If Judge Sloan shall be de- presiding Bishop.,The bill to confirm certain acts of the Common Coun- cil of tbe City of New-York was lost on its final read- ing,14 to 6. This billdeclaresvalidthecontractfor regulatingandgradingFourthavenue,fromSeventy-embernext.THE KENTUCKY CHICAGO.CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune.oneofthooldestand rnoetpopular daily paperBofthat city,publishedby Mr. Harding, has just undergone some notable changes, It is transformed to a large eight-page two- cent Ehe6t, handsomely printed, and exhibits alacrity, fulln€8B,andtalent,initBvirionseditorialandnews11-;or. At tbis Hall became exasperated, and COJI- time and passed. This bill authorizes the Court* to xnoro about the predilections as well as about the per- United States District Court at Philadelphia; on Satur- weather the ex.tire paai.age; sprung foremast, lost inainboom, AceThe President read a section from the By-Laws set-ting forth that those who got the advance would be kicked him in the face and about the head and body, ing. This bill prevents Harbor-Masters from assign-1 8 4 0 , a n d i s a p o r t l y , t h o r o u g h g o i n g R e p u b l i c a n . H i s favorite candidate for the Presidency is Liucoln of Illinois. lie is a lawyer by profession, and at presentd a m a g e s i n t h e a m o u n t o f $ 5 0 0 a g a i n s t W h e a t l e y <fc Clarke, for having used the play.Schr. Margaret Ann, Robinson, Boston 4 days, in baUast to matter. fo C b r * £ h o m M W . T h o r n e , D a v i s , F a l l R i v e r 2 d a y s , t o m m s t e r .btbr. Pennsjlvanla, Na»b, New-London 3 days, inballaat to mabter. xSchr. North Star, Beckard, George's Banks 3 days, hajlibut tQ master.compelled to pay from 25 cents to $1 weekly for the benefit of the strikers.Mr.Cappaghnrgeduponthestrikersthe necessityu n t i l l i f e w a s e x t i n c t . T h e b y s t a n d e r s d a r e d n o t i n t e r - fere, and the infuriated man, having fully eatwlied his thirst for blood, ran out of the door and escaped.i n g v e s s e l s t o a n y p i e r s o f w h i c h s t e a m b o a t s a r e e n - titled to the use.JS» at tho Necr-York Medk*! ING, April 6j^at 8 o ' d ^ l portwxity-wiuhe given UNewark Youn| HOMJTIuJL STUART, ftaaoofladoB, at the Re THUX*DA Y EVEN IN"What4}{,JtkeWonin '•iteci—young,nen e«p«ciSolosnea'B Tempi .-door* eaat .of .Broaawa Jf-th, 1860^—Ba.nrder tojpopulatio'nM'thiscitya Of art, tho jcoprietoi* .•well-known Jewish »cl'TThe BnxUBtu of the *UJI," «cc •Sai*'li*uur« *heRev.Or.fiAPUILU*\dmittanco>^&oe^>-ricaja »\gu$titu meedna; Jrill i*o _L4,attheBOfitnsgfBlandBallard,whodied,Ithink,atBardstown,afewin the City of New-York was ordered to a third read- tionfst, and acquitted himeelf as such in the struggle of no copyright to the play, but at the same time it gives'j^ws>TOSchr. Caroline Knight, Parker, Lubec 8 days, to Smith & B e n- The bi'.lfor the better projection of Steamboat Piers years ago. Mr. B. ia a slaveholder, but an emancipa- very lengthy, and decided infact that Laura Koene had ton. j.THE COURT OF APPEALS.ThebestthingdoneintheSenateto-daywasthe theforemostandmoatsuccessfulpractitionerinKen-•i n 'tucky.Mr. H. W . Hawes, the other Delegate, is a native foundland, and London Telegraph Compauy, held Steamer Duwn, Perry, New-Bedford, mdso. and paaa. to Ban-of Appeals. This subject has been a special order for of Ohio, but has lived in Kentucky twenty odd years, in the City of London, March 28, 1860, it wae, on tow 4t Popeof making their demand in a respectful manner. Helanguageorimprecations,assuchconductwouldbe totheaidofHall,butfoundthatbewasdaad. Tnem«*tiag adjourned at 11o'clock until Thursday evening the action of the Coroner's inquest. The faca of- de- Truman then moved that it be postponed indefinitely, enough of them to make quite a respectable Republi- daily (.Sundays excepted), during tbe remainder of this year, f.eeSAILED—UnitedStatesstoreshipSupply,VeraCmz;steam* ship Star of the West, Havana aud New-Orieaus; ship* Colum- bia.Liverpool;Pampero,SanITranclsco;andothers.WIND—During tbe day, from N. N. W ., and fresh. . 'The steamshipMontgomery, ofCromwell's Savannah lin«-,was tbis morning totred round to the Dry Dock for the purpoto of having a new propeller put in.B y Telrjrrapfa.CHARLESTON, March 31.-The U.S. M. steamshir Jamev binto-dayat1o'clock,andwhenthathourarrivedMr.Perrymovedthatthespecialorderbepostponed unul areallRepublicans,likehim;andsoareallhiscollat- WilsonG.Hunt,unanimouelyand reared a family of children on Kentucky soil, who motion of Mr. Cyrus W . Field, and seconded by Mr. After the transaction of some other business, the removed to the Seventh Ward Stotion-House, to await the 4th of July next, which was lost 9 to 11. Mr. eral relations, all following his teaching. Tnere are Resolved, That this Company will transmit over their lines,2>en<raththedignityoftheUnion.police were notified, and the body of the deceased wasnext.FIRE IN MERCER STUEXT.—At 11 o'clock lastrught, ceaeed wasa caulker by trade, and spent most of his NAYS—Memu. Gone, Hammond, Lawrence, I'roaior Ram- the ruling class. He is a manufacturer by profession, To the National Observatory, a brief meteorological reportVEAS— MeHirs. Aboil, Colvin, Connolly, Forry, Klero, Grant, imprints of the nails in Murphy's heavy boots. De- Lapham, McGraw, Montgomery, Momoe, Jf. P . Murphy, Kicli-streets.' Murphyisalaborer employed on Nicholson's DryDeck, foot of Pike street, and has a wife and three children. He resided at No.379 Chorry street. The policeinititutedaseurch forthemurderer,butuptoa late hour had not ascertained hia whereabonts.B.M.Young,H.P.Scfamale,andJohn McCarty, were taken into custody and detained as witnesses.wether,theformerisa(iermanbybirth. OurDistriotLOUISVILLE.THE PERIL OF CAS SI US M. CLAY."ThefollowingprivateletterfromMr.ClayBhowsthat the agitation in Mudison County is more BdriausagentoftbeAssociatedPress;Professor A.D.Bache.L.L.graphCompanyaccedewith pleasureto therequired (meteorologicalreportbeingtransmittedfree fromSAVANNAH, April2.—The •crew-steam-hip Huntsville, ar- rivedlastevening."Tbe United States Mail steamship Star ofthe South, from New-York, arrived yesterday (Sunday) morning at 2 o'clock. All wellSANDY HOOK, sunset, April 2.—Ship* Columbia, for Liver- ool, passed outoverthe Barat 3:45p.m;Pampero, forSan ranoisco,at4:15.Noinwardboundvesselsinsight.Win<|^tV^lpckp-m.AftffiRICANNo. 308 e>A<All iiuis of bu.iiio-JinthoAiO*tpromptJJterm*.,amm - .TneH«#t«Aleo btn••tWleat space, and leai •bsromenMAfivH bigg1 ia-ihty ordinazgr war. rx «a 0X «ddro*a 9. 8. CA A JH^blse on exlsLWtionJP^Se-Water,—To i oar now v"-ARBOJs Ff UlUNi-tED STATtifi*"ainiOi**>*H RatiNoah ia thounb.* to h*« MINATOR/'from tbe fei **« oryrar. »0>dbyalldrunitt*W«. water. The zuacomery of Messrs. Eoff 6c Sbepurd sidewalk, but would not interfererin the light.•rilversmitbe, wasconsiderably damaged by water a>waa also t i e stock in the basemen;. All the parties JJAKINK DISA.STKKS FOR MARCH. — During the type, and are required by the Committee (whose adliena will be " Yours of the pJth ia received. I have only time to PHIIADKI.IMIIA, Arril 2.—JKLOU» very dull. WHEAT steady ' urka Jaoob Morrill, Park, from Mobile; Cossack, Crispin, from,were in»ored. _DxciarvE ACTIOS OX THE PIASOMAXKRS.—Moretians,yearagotb«Germanpumomikeraofthiscity,published hereaftoi), on the lat day of June, MGO. The award willbeannouncedonorbeforelatJulyfollowiug.PopeiHofallpartiea,andofnoparty,,butwhofavor fdir play ondinn di»cun»iou,areretpcctfully aolioitedtopublishthis"end quiet; White at * 1 58^*1 62; Red, * l 40®»>1 44. COUN New-York; brig Northern Belle, Paiue, from Cape Haytien.month of March, 43 American vessels were reported totallylost'and missing, KBfollows: 3 steamers, 7 ships,J2barks,f>brigs,14schooners,and1sloop;2any that we are m a state of war. The oligarchy were active and advar o*d lo.; YiOlow "33c. Puoviaioxx quiet; Mesa aimingatmeintheexpulsionoftheBereanafromtheir Pork$1825'(2>$1060.jLardH4,©12o. WHISKYdullut22-i<j.CINCINNATI, April 2.—FLOUR dull;business limitedutpre-viousrates. PitOVISIONSdullandslowofsale,butpricesunal-Below, ship Josephus, from Antwerp; bark Fruiter, fromC&psius M. Clay.: partment of knowledge.TheEotajH inuat not exceed 40 pages octavo " long primer" dated March 29,J8G0: BaooulOo. WHISKY steady at2ijc. ' BOSTON, April I - A n . ship Esoort, Bryant, from CadU:Disaiten,CAI'K MAY (Coaxtof F.orida), March 30—The ba>k Mary ,H «Ketdall (of Philadelphia), fthaukland, bound to PhlUdelph a fm. higher irngp*,&&&organized themselves7ery efficiently iiiitjti.-.g. The valae of xhtsoo VOOBSIB is osttmated copies of their p*per» containiug the above. Address " care of churlibhJy gavtj in. yot Luiuing the discontent by NHW-OKLICA?TM, April 2.—COTTON—Sales to-day 8,000 bales; — — , with r cargo of sugar and molasses, is ashore ©n ooia orfr,t Amy,boxNo.600,Georgetown,D.C." garbling my speeches North, aud circulating false pricesstiffer,butquotationsunchanged: 8UUARdull,at6J"7i>?io. SpringBar;'0bhds.ofmolasneshaveDeenstarted,W»dnotnU»jrJot-'aport£.'- pr^-t''""'»o4manualKen^i'aoeinvr, at$7*2C000,rxclaciveoftheircargoes.Tnere<vere THADDEUSHYATT.MoLAfBKHa.V«'4Cc.COHNclo»odwitha,decliitinxtendency,at jetsaved.TbeM.H.K.wa*builtatTno.na.tonla1848,273 minora. Hanson'* rettiwi to his paw-mill at Bare* 0"f»V»7<i<;. P<>I:K (i'jn ;&•»:»« o" $ 1 7 5C3>$18 00. FHKIUHTH iuv* t«»«- r^SJ'rN-r, ,rit»- A?. a*"I ciwn<»-» !>>• O H Pr-><w"''tf rt" » oll4l«v»iriUi, tf. CW*BM>e*J-,ft«rr*aw*i*w xu*j W a r«»gn- •WMVLi y*i.l>s>UAAU*-VJUL-VtUMi,ftc&LybuJult, idUvfcS;, 18C0, ^, (v\h«e iu> WUU^YOU jmtmy Jiupttoucauo, guvo j ^ v r ,fc<A.v4ut*UJt iu.cl.tti.fi<;«i. I Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069flu*. V t»»vi ««4 cargo Mid to b© iftsurtMl u* rmim!*'*""*homos,being inhopes that I would forcibly defend them, the radicals.' Defeated by my Frankfort speech-*In1^5,Mr.Qoinnhadtoanswerthequestion, " Do you hold slaves in any way?" and he said he did. Hewasthenrequiredto manumitthem,andex-gobehindthat action,under which hewasrequired tomanumit,withoutanyperiodbeing fixed, audin compliance with which he did manumit at least tenTltePhiladelphiaInquirer,m iMETEOROLOGICAL REPORTS HY TELEGRAPH.—At. •*:^*-^...^,v^i»v....,betttr things from the great State of Kentucky. It injunction restraining the Mayor and Common CouncilNow, in all these essential points,there is notmerely no resemblance between Buchanan andJackson, but the wide difference between the men -At a meeting of the Twenty-first Ward Association, yesterday afternoon. The decision will be rendered atborders.A large number of remonstrances from different and the contest in which they engaged strikes the last night, Mr. A. C. Hills called attention to a letter ofASSEMBLY.parts of the country were presented against the Insol- vent bill.most casual observer. Buchanan is skulking awayCaesiuB M . Clay, received in this city yesterday, inwhich he stated that the mob had resolved to drive10 o'clock this morning.»CITY MoRTALiTY.-r-The total number of deaths infrom his foes; he is seeking, as all candid spectators Mr. MILLIKEN moved to refer it back to be think, to hide corruption and roguery from the pub- reported complete. Lost., lic gaze; he is trying to shield from exposure gross Mr. CALLiCOT moved to take from the table the attempts to subvert the independence of the people and the purity of the ballot-box by bribery; he ishimandhisassociatesfromtheStatebyviolence; that thiscitybastweek was 111,of which 52 were malesthe Governor of the State aided the mob, and that heulept on-his arms expecting momentarily an attack. Inand 59 females. T h e piincipal diseases were consump- tion, 16; scarlet fever, 12; small pox, 4; convulsion*,conclusion Mr. Hills oifered the following resolutions: infantile, 9, etc. Under one year of age, 31. Nativesentered into an argument, in hisreply by letter, ques-Asubstitute,whichwasofferedforthemotiontoen-namedPeterVogelwasarre«tcdonawarrant,charginghimwithNova-Scotia and Ne wfouudland for ihe partios named. esh, N. W . ; weather, clear. HIGHLANDS,April2,sunset.—NoInwardboundveaaeUiaMarket*—Reported byIIAT.TIMOKK. April 2—Fr.oi'K quiet, sales of Howard street atsight. Wind fre*h, N. W .; weather clear.FORT LAFAYETTE, sunset, April2.—No inward bound ves-$5'36'«*6 87l. WiiKAT buoyaut; Whit*, $ 1 W » * 1 6 » ; Red,low, 7H©"2c, PnoviHioNB steady; Mess Pork # 1 8 ; Prime $ 1 5 ; bark Stampede, from M«-s«iua. „ -than the Kentucky papers represent. The letter ia *14(!®*1 -U. Con.v active, uud advanced l c , white and yel- from Liverpool via Queenstown; Wyoming, from .Liverpool;ELECTION.—Theelectionfor charterofficer*theworkofanincendiary. insurance.Thelossisestimatedat^1,000.NoBiigFredonia(ofEllsworth),Lord,CarthagenaFeb.24.rah- ber. &.c , to Jarfios Bishop k. Co. Has bad bead winds and he»vyselsinsight. Windfresh,N.W,;weatherclear. PHILADELPHIA. April 2-Below ships American Union,Messina.<.Sec*/ •.AdmiaA N D www.fultonhistory.com 