 pm.~-i-•WHOLE NO.37$1.TEE CHICAGO ZOXJAVB CADETS.«rhs aacittmstit a—aaj—a opoa the rtn—t vtaM to thto any * toe Chicago Zonaves, also b y their iwrbrwiinriaa togtagawmilitarymenandothersaspecialasoftheir- ————bto FkceiViecy the President of the Cn.tod States, at any bear daring tbe day after their "war. aoa which will salt hm conveneI nava tbe honor to be year obedlient servant,E. t ELLSWORTH,I 0 . 3. Zouave Cadets. asfollows,throughtbetary of War:—Waa PsTAETsnrr, WinwnsaMto, TJL C , \Asguet 3, I860. I CoL F. E. ELISWOSTH, Commanding United States ZouaveCadets,Headquarters,Baitmore,Md• i——bwraoa* T~~ymfcntSSgfK£3 B5«.mt>C-lver,nryinitainceptionandpractice. Wewillnotdwellfor- Hon.JohnWentwortbwascalledtothechair,and bytbeGreatEastern,abouttbreehundredwereleftatNORWICH, July 28,1840.A Voicefrom aw Isolated lUgitm—The Mattes Ditappointed at Oe Presidential Nomination—The Prevailing OpinionflAV« BS*obt •./ •ear—•iRftor, M ver, atvolunteered their services, and doubtless every band willdo ibe same. The entire Are de; neat, hand and steam,wiil be wit with their engine? Id of course the fireBrigade will brush up their unifor and appear in full and tbat twenty-live cents each be levied to defray ex- DouxW (Seven woree off than Lincoln. The people say force. One hundred guns will b e red by the artillery,The corruptions of the last Legislature are becomingdaily more and more transparent. Not only were the expiated their crime at Charlestown. The speaker con-tbe F rat division. cased the first part."Stack arms" was very good, whicbMr. SAIMOS rather objected to the twenty five cent levy, as he had staled to the meeting, With two minutes' warning. •columnuntiln o w .Thai Waal a nbe., he. There to one gentleman who, though be bs« the greatest number of friends, to, nevertheless, no willing to take tbe nomination for Governor. I mean e x - Lieatenant Governor Sclden. He to the favorite of tbe Westthat Mr. Ilonglm would review one of tbeoldesti democratic AT htoode IslamPAHT2—aemaHHixG,—Few of our cit.aens have ever witnessed a battalion or company skirmish. It is not inrerMng, therefore, that tbey should deem this part of the trill a new feature in the science of arms peculiar to the Zouaves. Skirmishing is essentially an American •est of wanare, and since the Revolution it has been •are or leas practised in all the Eastern States. At one bat in tbia city tbe old Tompkins Blues waa, in this re aytet, tbe admiration and pride of thocitizeas. Their ex- ercises were the same aa now practised by the Zouaves, sues aa lying down firing, kneeling and firing.The motion for the twenty five cent contribution wawith executiveused may have had a semblance of such authority, in view of tbe great horror of his Excellency for anything tbe unwasned lobby were inter- ested in, as expressed in his first annual message, it is bnt fair to believe that be waa not cognizant of the fact that the lobby had an agent even within the sacred walls of bto official chamber during tbe last Legislature.S3 ' l*inr Tsunn.—Th» is a new ft anas. Ittocontendedbymanyservice of that it to while w ean active part in the Mexican war, aad recommending that the Board" attend the funeral on Monday next, andin consideration that the affair was to be quietly hushed up.One of the Circumstances which it is supposed bis Ex- cellency bad proof of would, if described briefly, read aa follows—Tbe Secretary had a personal interest in a cer- tain bill. To make the progress of it satisfactory it was necessary for him to secure tbe assistance of a certain Senator, with whom he held a conversation, with a view to hto immediate conversion to his way of thinking. He elicited from the iSenaior in the conversation the fact that he (the Senator) had already decided to pursue a course different from that indicated by him. Nothing could persuade tbat honorable gentleman to change bto course. The Secretary, it is said, became somewhat excited, and informed tbe Senator that after that time be might apply in vain for favors from the executive chamber.' A 1war, M in asechanical pursuits, the skilful artisan uses the tool best adapted to accomplish his work. So with If tbe topography of tbe scene oftovors bis using his artillery, wtoy that to tbe in- ks wUI moat require to accomplish his purpose. t tbe ground to level his cavalry can act an importantaart. If a billy country, heigbto are secured for his artillery,aad his Infantry Is made to be respected. There- fore it will be observed that no oae arm can claim preponderance over another.A resolution to appropriate $(00 to defray funeral ex- penses did not prevail.THS JAPAXSSK APPaenUATIOX.The special order of business, the consideration of thepublic appropriations, among which was that for the Ja panete reception, then came u pitems. politan Hotel. Afteranineffectualmotiontoadjourn.Mr.PIXCKXXT Mr.G.VincentandW.Granenhorst,bothofNewOr-Us leading weapon in modern admit its great importance, w eit every preference over any>, butdisposed to giveA commit- tee of three were, on motion, appelated to carry out thehalf an boar close part third.FerBtn fast axe m Ciena.—Tbe aalley against caval-ry,thepyramid,tbechargeaadtbeawut.ctoaethescene Car this semi military and theatrical i isplay.la summing up, ia conclusion, we i re convinced of the •"practicability and the inefflcienc; of the drill ia bat- talwa movements. Aa scenic disptn; of a squad of men aaiag independently it to really caj tirating. It will b e tbatrved, however, that every movei teat waa performedbytoefrontandright,straightforwaitwork—nomaaceuthe Odds and Ends against Lincoln, dtc.The work of choosing delegates to the State Conventioncurred, or wilLhe yet resign» If the latter occurs, it to stated on goodpnthorlty tbat Lobkwood L. Doty, the pre- sentfaithful andgentlemanlyclerkintbeexecutivede-vriag whatever by tbe rear rank, sojth as left in front, wilt. * er inversion. There waa not even firing by the rearJuly, 1800 :—Thomas Garner, Jr.; Mrs. Garner, Miss Gar-aubstractions and divisions now prevailing among all par->jr * »ay be>untrue The gloves used, ao faras he knew, were pur chased by the wearers tbeawalvet.Charleston, S. C ; Isaac H. Bailey, J. E. Buikley, J. 8. Scfcutz, New York: Mrs. Hartsteene, Miss Hartsteene, gouth Carolina; E. W. McKinsley, California; C. McKin-vere doubtless, as much as for anything else, appointed,With all due acknowledgement of the arduous work be- stowed upon these men, it to regn ttod that the gallant utto etficer ia command has not cioa >ly followed tbe pre- watted tactics aad therefore defied o ilictoBs. Be poaaesa • such military ire, givea bis or ton in quick auccet tornwtth much vehemence, tbereiaredriving lifeand aatotttoa ia hto coaansnad. Hto manner at first •wikta tbe beholder with aa unpleasant sensation, whatlookingupontheclosedeyesandconvul- •an jerk of the body while. givin i' bto orders; hut nftoraHttletotoiltority with tIhbis pec tltority tbe first itsk greatly softened, end all | arsonal criticism to jtothecontemplationofItonewhomovesoilly under bto command.<« * e whale, tbe presence of UM ZonaTto whereverUwybareappearedbaainrasedntwtspiritIntomilitary ., aad though the originate may not in tbetnrenom.nation. His harbor masters and other servicemenbe above critktom, tbey bar itbe aUanbctton of eg ia a movement that cannot but redound to •os• ._,andexciteaneraatotiaaamongtbe snldieryof tbe couatryag great an it wiUbe____________________ rity lattelllgence.•. "1 'I' I ' • I t p 11•asjj •• »Ut .•mmf i,-my jiapapp ""•' UPPPW^^WWI-1 •"-" W| |ll""^.n|,iiiJ»H'jlgTHENEW#** -•""I"'HERALD. J.ia each others' tone, which tofeseraa, taw the time they left Chicago until they reach- asIbiscity,wasnrepetitionof the aaaae manoeuvresin whieb they bad for tbe year previous been unremittinglyothers.Col.Rtutoel]offered the fbllowiaftpreamble andresolu- tions, which were received with ranch enthusiasm, and annnimously adopted :—that not more of the victims were present, as they were quite numerous thenight previous. He bad escaped much of the bad treatment complained of, but still he felt strongly enough on the subject. T h e excursionists were swindled in various ways. They were brought to Cape May by the Warner, but were charged fifty cento extra for a canal freight boat, on whicb they stood (there werewhich • not recognised by Scott or Hardee, for obvious assess Their " order arms " was admirably executed, sad some of their other movements were entitled to eora- aaedstory notice. Their drill in the loadings and flrtags bactuptothestandardofmanyofour first classNew York military companies. It ia hardly] necessary to pro- ceed any further to our criticism of tbe important res- tore above earned in the school of the soldier, bet aa ee- Teral of our otherwise good military companies fall into the same error, it will be a sufficient excuse to pay a de- gree of daerimatiag attention to tbe subject." Loan a Wrtx."—The order "load" to so explicit that its definition is unmtitaksabto. V et to the Zouaves accord the pane of violating this tbe most sort of the manual of a m i . for each loads st bis neighbor* will, not bis own. M il- bay authors, apprehending the violation of this rule,bue particularly called the attention ef instructors to tohitaate the recruits by degrees to load with tbe greatest ssstible premptitude, each without regulating himself by anneighbor, aad above all without waiting tor him. r-j-ing by die, which to moat used in war, commences on tot rght of each company at once, and every man after snag loads his piece and continues firing without regard waay use around htm. Yet this rule is violated by the latere*. The ulterior object of company drill to a prepe- ation far the battalion. It is evident tbat aa a squad to Ml independently the Zouaves would prove invincible, kit /or a battalion tbey are moat sadl; deficient.organisation, a t well a s their gentlemanly deportment and soldierly bearing, have won tbe esteem and respect of our Eastern friends; aad, whereas, their whole con duct, both aa civilians aad military men, baa been suchafter the firing^ ranks were closed ith a stamping of bet Marching by the flank was exi ingly well done. frtdJtaaces were well sustained, d, in fact, their BSrchiag deserves all praise•tost their step that is really eaptiaMatuiast, and fixes the maxim tbatrt*» of warlike operations is contained in the lege." "On ightby fitatatottoe." The front rack, with the two rask f o r m a t i o n , i a n e a r l y a l l f o r m e d b e f o r e t h e•tar rank moves. Tbe magnitude of this errorma b e imagined b y t h e several companiesof a battalion attempting to Scarry out thesame principle. Their double quick stop was well timed,He added tbat the object of this meeting was to hire law- Resolved,' Tbat a committee of ten be appointed by yers, and to see if legal redress could not be obtained.Everett: an i it was surprising to him (the speaker) that the Trittmt (had not announced that the Governor had shouldered tbe rail and joined tbe ranks of Old Abe. Henry A. Wise bad never wavered for an instant, and h e(O. Jennings Wise) was authorised to come bare to-aicht and declare solemnly and emphatically tbat bto father would support Breckinridge aad Lane to tbe extent ef bto influence. The speaker then defined the position of t b e different parties, spoke of the way in wnich the nomina- tion of Douglas was secured, alluded to the consequences wbich had arisen and would arise from tbe doctrines of abolitionism, exhorted thepeopleoftheSouthto remember t h e first baptism o f treason on the pUins o fof VieExecutive Chamber—TitroWe in High Quarters—TheKansas, the second baptism in the blood of martyredia aa elasticity to tbe military one of themyste-On motion, a committee of ten were appointed to carry Adams' Express office, and suffered the same shameful into effect the resolutions, and to act aa a Committee of treatment. Tbe captain of the Shriver deceived the War- General Arrangements, as follows:—Col. Russet, Col. ner's passengers by leaving the Great Eastern twenty mi- Tucker, Gen. Swift, Major Diverayl Col. Cummings, Geo. nutes before tbe time he announced, just after tbe speak- M. Gray, James Long, Col. Hub* I, Aid. FOBS and David er bad got into the saloon of the Great Eastern. The cap-the distracted democratic family. It was consequently now ia, the way is clear for a united successful effort. some time before tbe waters became settled, and the In this primacy proposition there is coming to be a tho- rough and general acquiescence. Probably It Is a know- ledge ot this fact tbat gives the republicans trouble, andHenry Howland, Esq., appointed secretarySeveral spirited aad commendatory speeches wereCape May, and the rest were carried back to Philadelphia.ger apon this point, hut proceed to tbe other branches of _e Zouave drillThe exhibitions given in that city and elsewhere con-awed of a consecutive series of manrrovres arranged in•fmsamatiealorder,sothattbeexhibitiondritobytbe Cummings,J.C.Miller,Esq.,MayorWentworth,and Inopening,Mr.MAASmadesomeremarks,regrettingin OS Rural DutriOs—Lincoln Held Responsible for volunteer, constant and perfectly disciplined efforts of themade by Col. Russell, Hon. I. N . Arnold; Gen. Swift, Col.THE INDIGNATION MEETING.The meeting was called to order at eight o'clock P . M.Snlpits of the land, enlisting the religious sentiment and iflaming the public mind to a degree tbat would of itself moveanempire.Noneofthesehelp6havetherepublicans now. Tbey bare lost them all; nor have they acquired others in their place. Added to thto lorn, not only to there an absolute task of enthusiasm, b u t a serious bolt from the republican ranks b y t h e radical abolitionists, under the lean of Philips, smith k Co. Indeed, not- withstanding the broken condition o f the democrats a n d disordered conaition of the opposition generally, the pros- pect now to that the republicans will present the only ex- ample of a divided front at the ballot box.We a r e enjoying immensely t h e tilt between editor Greeley and Governor Hunt, who, by the way, has aston- ished everybody by the way be lets drive at hto oppo- nent. He waswont to catch bto flies with molasses to pour oQ into tbe wounds which controversy or circum- stances compelled him to make. Not BOin the case of Greeley. He cuts and thrusts without mercy, and in- stead of oil pours salt and vinegar into the ugly wounds hemakes.Whatever may be the final reeult of their efforts, there to no doubt that tbe "high contracting parties" who are arranging the proposed alliance in thto State against Lin- coln, are themselves entirely In earnest, and thoroughly convinced that their scheme is practicable. It to said that the negotiations for the alliance have proceeded so far aa to remove most of the principal obstacles. Tbe electoral ticket will be made up on the principle of equity, and it Is said that the Bell and Everett interest will have twelve names on the list of their own selection, the re- mainder to be divided between Douglas and Breckinridge.man you meet has some local political axe to grind, andto consequently wonderfully wise and non-committa ness with which Douglas himself has resisted a union,Tucker, Col. Hubbard, Co), Johnston, Aid. Jones. Col.Otto Maas was called to the chair.Weed''t and Morgans Sint—Douglas Outoftke Question— The fight between Lincoln and Breckinridge—The Pro- table Result in Chenango CorOanit, Otsego, Tompkins. Broome and Chenango Covnties—Gov. Morgan in Search of HitFriends,dtc.It has bean my good fortune to spend considerable time of tote in this section of thto State—a section, it to true, isolated In thto day of railroads aad telegraphs, but tho- roughly interesting t o one who studies those essential qualities of industry and integrity which malcearegion or State as well as an individual influential and great.A their exhibition drill in tbe Park, tbe first move-aant they exeewted requiring a delicacy of executionam the formation of company " oa right by die intotow ' aad of which we shall speak more) fully hereafter, of tempersnee and morality, which form the basis of their no seats), packed like sheep, for two hours aad a hair, or atone, the Zouaves use a " aide atop " to the right or^eft,Whereas, the United States Zouave Cadets of Chicago are about to return from a visit to the principal Eastern cities, and, whereas, their strict adherence to the rulesMOBN1NG IDmON-SATT>KDAT, AUGUST 4, I860.PRICE TWOCENTS.IKDlflNATlON OFOH TBI CAPS MAT BTRAJUOATS, ETCSPWITOFTHECAMPAIGN.Next oa the Itot stands p gentleman la tbe State, one though be bm been urgently i I mean James M. Cook. Tan*totbslamecTStic candidate tor thePrtoat tbe City Hotel be wasi by Mr. Franca.aa serenaded b y a 1 finished performing iefFr»m our Philadelphia exchanges It appears tbat theexcursKnsta from that quarter bad but Utile to boast ofintbewayofcomfortandaccomntodationduringtheir TbeCanvaasAroundtheHomesef date. Beneverwanato tot At that hem as soon as tbeabsence from tbe Quaker OKy. In tact, their iadtanatioo, as popular indignation usually does, found a safety vatve in tbe shape of a public meeting, and on Thursday last a meetmgwasbfid,mthewordsofthecall,"ofthosepas-the C__i#rfftr*?t.less than tenauutaryskillinthtocityandelaewbere,havingaosne- IaminstructedbytbePreaideat.toreplytoyournotosengersoftbesteamerJohnA.Warner,swindled,vio-I, we think tbutaaactofJwiti©etoaIJ,Bad of tbe 3d mat., to say that he will be happy to receive ttasiaad and left oa board ef the GreaA Eastern, to consult tagLis in IlliDoii, and Hamlin in Maine. popular circulation, from which his single celebrated celebrate the visit of Senator Douglas toto oar m&taxy readers a* targe, to give a critical notice of tbe peculiar drill of tbe which we were unable to do from the pram uponyear carps at tbe exeentirn msssjem tomorrow after- aooc at fire o'clock. W . R. MOUU&XLI Secretory of War. Tbe President will receive CoL Etoworth and stair iatbe East Room of the White House at fire o'clock to-morin regard to further action against the proprietors of tbe John A. Warner."At the hour for the meeting about thirty persons were assembled ia front of tbe hall, and tbey saluted each fresh aeoaaaton with tbe cry, "Here's another victim,"NEWYORKPOLITICSANDPOLITICIANS thustorhadhadtook;SpeakerLSttlejohn,8enator Drrea, bay. The announcement in thepublic .Ml military« » 0 are now homeward bound, and in their^-^-^.-s. w \ ^Douglas a t a Y ankee Clani Bake.tastoeonfem, m common with tbe majority of ouratl-„_, wbo sympathize with onr national military inatita- tbe Zouaves, especially la tbe War Department, innsrnaob day tbe Warner toft Philadelphia with from $00 to 1,000 The Black Republican Incendiaries an awakening among tbe republicans, wbo suffer moatraw afternoon, after which tbe zinares will exhibit a* shell tat* BO undue advantage in speaking of their specimen of their knowledge of Hardee's tactics apon tbe and similar ejaculations.that he would be formallytbat he would respond tn a t,~adrerttoemeat added tbat a capital opportunity r therefore be afforded of seeing and hearing the great statesman of the West.All the steamers plying between Providence, « , andadtoeentplaces,were called into requisition, _, -«- commodate tbe multitude that ware anxious to tone park in tbe ovation; but notwithstanding the number ef excur- sion boats provided by the committee, thousands were unable to get to the Point. From aa early bear to l b sagebiirtiea, hut ahail with generous Sberahty review magnificent town south front of the executive mansion. The trouble was as follows:—Tbe steamer John A. Wart __r etaiam for military tactical tuperiorily. We are If the weather is good the demonstration will be a fine ner was chartered for an excursion to Cape May to seeby the State, andt I, Yankee like, tbntarn, that we were at first most favorably Unpimsod upon as their progress in military skin promise to create a _t sret appearance of the Zouaves at thes exhibition revolution in military afiairs to tbe United States.passengers on hoard, who had purchased tickets for (as they supposed) the round trip.ia Texas.THE INEXORABLE LOGIC OP TIE CONTEST.fatally from apathy, to whom excitement ia an absolutenecessity, and wbo, notwithstanding this marked absenceef it, or even tbe moat moderate amount of seal otherthan that wswifestod by leaders, pretend the utmostconfidence. Netbiag to more certain, however, than thatnobody takes so deep an interest hi whatever relatesto tbe proposed alliance of all sorts and everyname on a single electoral ticket in opposition to Lincolnastherepublicanleaderstogeneral,andGreeleytopar morningtilltotetotbeafternoontbeboatslandedao«_«« moved, aad tbe power' ( of enduring:ticket to go from Cape bland to tbe big ship by a steam-one. Agreatdesiretomanifestedtobehold tbedrillof theGreatEastern,byagentlemanofBaltimore.OnTues-Nothing was ever more certain than tbat there is not the usual interest felt in the pending canvass by the peo pieatlarge. TheretotorfrombeingasyetanythinglikeThemostextensivearrangemeotathatconMbe< were made to accommodate the thnnmslpectod to rtott Rocky Point on thto thaievent in the political history of Rhode lab0§l A frees of tbe City Hall—their unique uni-H*n, tbe eaergy and naturalness with which Capt. Clark, commanding, will accompany tbe Zouaves to the pataengera got there tbey had to toad aad hoy aA detachment at the Baltimore Independent Grays, this city aad to Mount Vernon. They will be receivedThetriptoCapeMsy was pleasant enough,but whaneato-ae which they clearly rtomohatrated during bare and escorted to Mount Vernon by tbe Washington boat commonly used for freight purposes, called the+*~J-*J**S.••astMjWathreeandone-halfboera'drillantlertherayaof Shriver.TherewerenoteatsontheShriver,andtbetJirvton. Whitewearefrank toconfessthat tbe Chi- Light Infantry battalion, Major Davis,commanding. A passengerswerekeptstandingonboardbartortwohours Governor Wiae Declares for Breckin- Mentor. Thiscan beaccounted for on noothergroundlessthan30,000people,while atleast20,000morereach- ed the grove by the toad route, in all sorts of convey- ances. Enterprising Yankee pedlers did a brisk hnetoesE in disposing of photographs and medato of the "Uttia Giant," and an eccentric Individual, known by the cogno- men of the "General,'' wm actively employed in sailing • song, composed Is twelve minutes, on the monster clan bake aad the arrival of Douglas.It waa supposed b y a great many tbat the Senator would be conveyed to tbe Point in a steamer, bat the) committee very prudently brought him to a carriage. He arrived at hair past twelve, and wm eatbwrtoettoJrr cheered b y t h e assembled multitude, a n d repaired a t once to the dining ball, accompanied by Gov. asragaa and other dtotingutehed citizens. Your reporter eonjeo- tures that t b e Senator w m introduced a t once t o the) "peculiar institutions" of tbe East; but to consequence of tneimmensejamandintheabsenceofallarrangement, was unable to get near the doors.VIBOINU.OCR NORFOLK CORRKSPONDINCE.NORFOLK, August 1, I860Tl<* Democracy in Council—Governor Wise's Petition De- | fined by Authority—He Oomes Out in Fbxor of Breck-inridge—Seward and Wendell Phillips Compared to Moloch and Satan, die.A targe aad enthusiastic meeting o f tbe democracy o tNorfolk and Portsmouth was beld last night in tbe Opera House. Joseph T. Allyn, President of the Democratic As- sociation, took the chair, and altar a tow remarks in- troducedDr.ArthurSmith,delegatetotbeCharleston Convention from the First district of Virginia Dr. 3 . proceeded to give an account of bto course in that Conven- tion. During the course of hto remarks be stated tbat the reason why he and other delegates from the) State did not withdraw from that Convention w a s that they wished to harmonize the different ele- ments of the party. After a short address he introduced!O. Jennings Wise, Esq., wbo mid tbat be had sot come prepared to deliver a speech before such a large audience, and only consented to speak at all because his father, Governor Wise, was too sick to leave hto room. B e was, however , authorized t o explain the position occupied b y Henry A. Wise. The Washington papers had said that-to Zouaves possessj many military exeellenom, as, •pectal boat has been chartered for the trip down tbe Po- and a half before tbey could get on hoard tbe Great uovern«ridge and Lane,4wS*tthan that they are entirely conscious that such an union would change the whole Presidential prospect by render- ing the defeat of Lincoln highly probable, if not absolute- ly certain. Indeed, the prevailing sentiment appears |to be tbat such an alliance would take the Bute from Lin- coln, wbich would end the contest so tor as he wouldbe concerned.Thereto an entire absence of she extraordinary helps which gave the republicans tbe advantage aad their ex- tra votes to 1806. Therb are no murders of free State men in Kansas, or bloody heads tn the Senate, to in- fluencetbepublicmindtoanunheardofpitch. What, perhaps, was of the greatest service to Fremont waa theto tottance, in toe manual of anna and Company manceu- tomac to the grave of Washington. Eastern. When tbey did get en board tbe Shriver did m , they uphold aad adopt a tyatem which, In many411! details,,violate Important laws ofmilitarytact.es, PRKPAR1TIOK3 TO MODVI TOE CHICAGO ZODAYH AT not "come to time" and take them to the Warner, norwaC.jwfce._toto watch we are obliged to take exceptionstotoenret place, we shall allude to that part of theHOME. did tbe Warner wait for them. Steam was got op [From the Chicago Times. Juls 31.] on tbe Warner before the appointed time, and Pursuant to call, a large number of our citizens, mili- she put off to Philadelphia again, leaving half of__l known aa »'toncy^ increments, "wrming cress,' forming lea,"NEW TORE.OCR NORWICH CORRESPONDENCE.and the wttrr position; placing bands upon the-shoulders to give m*t.< eflect toibedrU; all this, a * any, toaati-mill-tary and civilians, met at the supervisors' room, in the court house, but night, to take measures for extending a fitting reception to tbe Zouave Cadets on their return, which Is expected in a few days.her luckless passengers cursing their late on the Great Eastern and the Shriver. Some sixty of the Warner's passengers were actually brought to New Yorkmore, before they could get on the Great Eastern Thisfreight boat was overloaded in leaving tbe Great Fastern,and the officers of the Great Eastern knocked down someof the speaker's friends; to prevent their getting on boardaa to reflect honor upon our city, as well aa themselves; tbe freight boat. Then the Shriver did not come bank to Here men follow tbe only calling ordained of heaven, andtherefore we deem it due to them, and eminently proper, the Great Eastern, so that several hundred passengers thattbecitizensofChicagoshould honor them bysome wereleftonthebigship. Whenthespeaker(whogoton public token of respect, and to this e n d - board the Warner early to return to Philadelphia) remon-Resolved, That the citizens of Chicago will receive tbe strated with the captain of the Warner, the captain said ZouaveCadets,ontheirreturnhome,withtheproudfeel hedidnotcare;thatitwasnonenfhtobusiness;thathe"earntheirbreadbythesweatoftheirbrow." Tbeyhave never yet learned the corrupting influences attached to modern political life; they know n o conduct b u t that whichhonordictates;andIttotrulyrefreshingtofeel,as one catches the odor of an hundred harvest fields, that there to indeed a place where men believe what they protag of their well deserved title of the champion military company of tbe United States.did not care what became of them.Mr. S. L. Bi KXK98, a highly Indignant victim, next took the floor. H e, in company with Mr. Maas, was luckyResolved, Tbat we enjoy a feeling of unalloyed pride attbe universal meed of praise bestowed upon our gallant enough to escape from the Warner to the Great Eastern fess, and no city Alderman at your elbow to pick one'syoung Cadets at every town, and hamlet, and city wbich they have visited in their extended tour—such an ova- tion to a military organization has sever been surpassed, if ever equalled in America.quite early in the affair. In attempting to get off the big ship tbe speaker was roughly grabbed by the neck by an officer and flung back. He then waited for the Warner or Shriver to come and take him off. Finally the speaker aaw the Warner head for Philadelphia, and he got ashore by tbe Shriver, and had to walk about the streets of Cape May all night, in company with others. Some sixty of the Warner's passengers went to New York mt the GreatpocketBelieving that the voice of such people most be poten-tial in the coming election, I have taken, considerablepains to ascertain their political preferences—a feat mucheasier to accomplish than to your city, where every otherResolved, That we, aa citizens of Chicago, appreciate,to tbe fullest extent, the meritorious conduct of theZouave Cadets, and In such we feel an honest pride, en-hanced as it has been by the worthy bestowal of allpraise and commendation on the correct deportment and Eastern, others came up from Cape May on the Kennebec,Thus far the greatest obstacle h a s been the stubborn-moral tone of each member of the corps.Resolved, Tbat we will cordially unite in giving ourwhile the speaker and some of his friends got on tbe Warner (which bad come down to Cape May on another trip), and tbe officers of the Warner refused to take theuntil be came to place himself to the position of appear-ing to prefer the election of Lincoln to tbe recogni-tion of Breckinridge, and of reducing the canvass toa mere struggle between himself and his rival—a contest which at once left the field free to Lincoln.From such a position Douglas was compelled to flee andtake the more tenable one which was pressed upon him,some other equally reliable man, under circumstances to wit: tbat the defeat of Lincoln waa the paramount gravely asserted that he intended to support Bell andZouave Cadets on their return a reception worthy of ourcity, and invite our military aad citizens, and all organized tickets of the victims of the trip to the big ship withoutoa all occasions where political frankness is called for AS a general thing, I believe all parties were disappointed at the start with tbe Presidential nominations. The re- publicans had generally anticipated the nomination of Mr. Seward, and the democrats either Mr. Dickinson orassociations and clubs of every character and kind, to unite in a public procession from tbe cars to the Wigwam, wbere a suitable congratulatory address will be made.the payment of another fare.Mr PARSES also added hto testimony to the swindle.the Governor waa on the fence, halting between tw o opinions: tbe Richmond Whig had gone further, and!duty ot all wbo had not already gone into the ranks of adopted. ders, added his story. He bought his ticket all squareat which would sesure the united support of all branchesef the republicans. Thtoposition once acknowledged, as itthto meeting with full power to carry out the views here Mr. JOHN SALMON, one of tbe Cape May night promena-Huth.On motion tbe Chairman andwere added to tbe commtttee. Weareauthorizedtosaythatt^rotary of the meetingtain of the Warner knew perfectly well that three bun dred of his passengers were on board lbs Great Eastern when be bid us good by and left for Philadelphia. Tbe speakerwasonacommitteetoseeiftheWarner's"left" passengers could be provided with beds on board tbeOPE ALBANY CORRS8TONDENCE.I « A4.BAXT, August 3,1860receptionwhichwill be given to the Zouaves will by fa> eclipse any display* TheCorruptionoftheLastLegitlature—TheLobbyAgenttottr wheelingr> good, and the company front excellent;bat there n a vast diuerence betweou a small front of that has ever taken pisee In this city. The Sixtieth re Shriver, but t»e could not obtain this. Ivery effort wastwelve or fourteen tiles aad a front sisfh aa the battalion frment will be out in fall force, as [airo will be the Wash rebuffed. Some of us were kindly allowed a floor to sleep ef cadets presents at West Point. Their advance in line of iugton regiment. Several of our city bands have already on bv the proprietor of the Ice cream saloon at the m o l e -battle, at double quick, was accomplished with tbe greatest accuracy—no Boatings or entree and at once tsubUbed th- toot of their having attaiued tbe highest Msnble standard of discipline. After the marchings a sasttuvre was executed for which no authority in the tactics could be found, nor could ita utility be divined, except on the score of its being a vera beautiful arrange- anat for the benefit of the enemy's!artillery. The tin- txisg and flxing of bayonets waa far mfeftor to the same awvemenf by several companies thai can be named inPrivate Sccrttary of (kt Governor to Resign, dc.citizens stain in defending their bomea and families against tbe attack of fanatical assassins at Harper s Ter- ry, and its third baptism in the blood of the traitors whoand a grand display of fireworks ill be made.The proprietors of tho Briggs House will entertain the Zouaves with a compliment sry supper, and the affair will doubtless wisd cp with a grand civic and raillery ball.penses.The SiCRKTARv remarked that a carriage maker of Wil-tbey have always regarded him as a demagogue, who, like Milton's fallen hero,it only being required tbat we would spit no tobacco on the floor. This is the way we were swindled.Mr. J. J. NyPorGtAs mo^ed that counsel be employe 1,members of both branches effectively used to further or delay, directly or indirectiy, by the profuse use of money and promises, tbe passage of bills authorizing nefarious schemes for plunder, b u t it is rumored the patronal in- fluences of tbe executive chamber were proffered,and its disfavor threatened Tot like purposes, by a subordinate in the executive chamber, and whb, in consideration of his losition therein, it could readily;be inferred would speak1 011A ^ ^"It seems that it is only since the adjournment of the Le- gislature that his Excellency's ears have been open to the rumors of supposed executive interference with tbe legis- lation. Upon what particular executive subject his Excel- lency could have been intent during t h e last session t o have prevented his bearing the rumors then prevailing it is impossible to suggest,: for it was a subject notorious to all about the Capitol tbat thecluded by comparing the contest which would ens.iebe- tween Seward and Phillips, in tbe event of Ijnonln's elec- tion, to tbe strife between Moloch and Satan, and q - u v l Kirk Whites description of their quarrel, showing that whichever gained t h e supremacy in Lincoln's council^ the result would be equally disastrous to the Sonth.TEXAS.OCR SAN ANTONIO CORRESPONDENCE.Sax A.TTO.MO,Texas,July 22 1800the Texas Fires—The People Up in Arms—Movements of the Abolitionists in the Lone Star State, <ficI enclose you herewith a slip from t h e San Antonio Ledger, a newspaper published in this place, giving an ac- count of another John Brown affair just broken out its northern Texas. Later intelligence from that section r e - presents a terrible state ol affairs aa existing. Some three or four towns were set on fire on tbe mme day and in thesame hour. The people are all to arms, aad a tremendous excitementprevails. Theretonodoubtthatitisalltbe work of the abolitionists. Tbe evidence given by those who have been apprehended renders that matter clear, and, furthermore, that a plan baa been concocted for a a insurrection by the negroes on a grand scale on the dapmington had pledged himself to spend twenty-five dol- lars, if tbey could sue the people who had swindled them Others would contribute liberally when the suit got started.Had rather reign in hell Than serve to heaven—and that tbey will have nothing to do with him. Tbe Chenango Union, published in this village by one of the Regency State Committee, has, it is true, the names of Douglas and Johnson at its masthead, but they receive little or DOcountenance from the people, who believe the rntoii's editor is being used as a tool b y the Cagger-Cassi-Colonel Tucker stated to the meeting that a letter hadbeen received by a gentleman in this city from a WestPoint Cadet, sneaking in glowing terms of praise of theZouaves, and statins that Colonel Hardie had declaredthat no forty men in the Union could take their color*from them This announcement was received with the agreed to, and the victims came up manfully to the '-cap- dy clique.utmost enthusiasm, and in tbe berit of spirits the meeting adjourned.tain s office" and paid up.Some informal discussion followed, disclosing some richfacts as t o t h e personal experiences o f tbe victims a n dTbe contest is virtually narrowed down to the selection of either Lincoln or Breckinridge. The latter, it is said, is young, and possesses the necessary vitality for a live administration, while his experience and success in publicgementft for the reception of the United States Zouave to skirmishing it is not expected tbat the movements Cadets By order. R. K. SWIFT,mittee.It will doubtless be a great satisfaction to tbe victimsto have divided among them tbe profits of such a suit. Tbe amount thus accruing must be enormous, especially if each individual is left to make his own estimate of |>er sonal damages who were compelled to stay all night and be tormented by Cape May dust and Jersey mosquitoes.•staid be executed with tbe same precision as in closed naks, nor to it desirable, as such exarttiMwa would mate- rally interfere with prompt execution, and the move- ants will be habitually indicated' by the sound of tot bogle. The skirmishing of the Zouaves at the Washington Pars, Brooklyn, was i not up to the sandard of a first class infantry \company. In de-General Commandant Second Brigade.Board of Council men.aing forward t h e captain the skirmishers, giving dii wlbs left, on every occasion,, likeatatary drill, moat of the men craw backwards, in order to make a line, sawmated in thto part of tbe bating and firing at will. —iirbnil and listened to each totsr beads in order to see nan about to fire, so that tbey• at once. Thto was received b y axlamations of delight. "Stack aad, wbea tbe bayonet exercisesup o n a line to t h e right, tructor in aa ele- forward, moving waa moat to b e$105,000.This Board met yesterday, Councilman Shaw taking thechair tn the absence of the President.Councilman HATT. presented a nesolution directing thethink the Philadelphia victims would have been a deal will be given this fall for Breckinridge, ex-wiser to have paid an extra fare, or even got left on the cept\ eight, the precise number for Douglas. private secretary of his Excellency, took an unprece- of the general election in this State, in August next. TbeHf.AIXjrARTF.BB STCOXD BRHUDS, \ CHM-ASO. July 31,1860. )conduct of the Warner's captain, after which the Secre-The officers of the Second brigade and the regimental tary footed up his receipts of the contribution. They life bas been such as to guarantee his ability andand company officers of the Wastagton and Sixtieth regi- amounted to four dollars and fifty cents.ments, are requested to meet at the Court House, (Super- Tbe meeting then adjourned to meet again on Tuesday visors'room,)thiseveningateighto'clock,tnmakearrau- evening next—the place to be designated by the com-statesmanlike qualities. The people are struck, too, with the fact that his nomination was unsolicited by him, while Mr. Douglas pressed bis to the extent as to test the streugth, if not threaten the very existence of a na- tional party, which his been the bulwark of the country since tbe days of Jefferson. This county, I think, m ay be set down for Breckinridge, while sir. Douglas will obtain no more than two hundred votes. In the town of Greene especially I took pains to obtain asnear the probable vote as possible. The town usually gives aboutTHS JAPANSSK RECEPTION—RIFCSAL TO CONClTt WITHTHE BOARD OF ALDERMEN IS APPROPRIATING THE Badly as the sufferers tared on the Great Eastern, we two hundred democratic majoritv, all of whichAfter some further discussion the question was put toof packing delegations, thus kindly relieving the people ofPiackney,AlienandDecker.A motion to reconsider tbe matter then prevailed, andit was laid oa the table TheBeardadjournedtomeetonTuesdayaext,atfiveAlbany;C.a Gansevoort,Alabama,Ga.;JohnStoane, HtoExcellencytonotshefavorite ofMr.Sewardfor New York: A. M. Conors, Illinois; Frank Frank, Balti Senatorial honors. Mr. Evarts, of your city, enjoys tbato'clock P.M.Caicirr —TheCanadaeleven, who playedagainst thevidence;G.A.CanfteM,Connecticut;0.S.ThomasRhodemtn lasts Meteor*ceedingtoSenatorialhonors. Indeed,itisnoseemtbat specialtrainfromWorcesterwasputattbedisposalof positionahouldelecttheircandidatetorclerk byalarge Gov. Morgan has become si .gully damaged in the eat imation of Mr. Seward and his particular friends. Tbey think Mr. Douglas and bto tody, whicb arrived to Providence at rote, it will create a contest dating the Ncratobar cam-that htosupport of New York's favorite son at Cnicago a quarter to seven o'clock. An hour before the arrival IwigntbatwillbeunparaUeledtathehtotoryofBmtuckwnwasBBwawvaTBJIpsvsBSjtnwjgwav/wjTWBJawjidea that be could be elected Mayor of your city last fall.and came out third best, is also an aspirant for gubernato-rial honors. It is understood tbat an edition of his ess*..before tbeChamberofCommerceontbesubjectofthe currency,coin,4c,tosoontobeIssuedIncheapformfor TbeDemocraticStoleCentralBrtfkiiiridieiiKeiteeky,BellinTeiBeuee,He was introduced to the people b y , wbo made a short but appropriate i Douglaerepliedtohtousualstrainisteady undercurrent of pablic feeling became apparent. At present it is clear, I think, that the nominationof Mr. Lincoln has failed to meet the expectations of li is party, and tbat be will receive a cold and com- paratively indifferent support, though the divisions of his opponentsmayrenderhissuccesstolerablycertain. The republican party, however, is not without its divi- sions; and in the western part of this county, Chenango, and throughout the Susqneuanna Valley, from Coopers town to Biugbamton, the republican ticket will receive but poor support on account of the treachery evinced to- ward tbe people of tbat region by Weed and Morgan in regard tu t h e construction o f tbeir proposed railroad.fully accounts for tbe extra virulence of the Tribune.big ship, and thus enjoyed a beautiful sail by moonlight, In Otsego county the Douglas vote will dented interest in certain of thei "big things'' pending. reason for having commenced operations before the dagand landed fresh and hungry in the hospitable city of Gotham. Some of their number did so, and we believe not one of these has opened his mouth since to expressbe a little heavier, and the county may go Lincoln. Tompkins county is about equally divided between Doug- las and Breckinridge. In Cortland county the democracyIndeed, so annoying did he become tbat certain of the republican Senators and Assemblymen were at one time on tbe point of offering a resolution asking bis Excellency to relieve them of hto atteut ions.appointed is explained in the enclosed document. Abolition emissaries have been known to he pretty nu- merousinthisStateforsometimepast,especiallyonthenorthern frontier. They were sent here for the purpose of instilling into the negroes "aspirations after freedom,'' and meddling, we suppose, in some scenes whicb trans- pired tost autumn in the Old Dominion. Some of them grew bold, and made themselves s o obnoxious that t h eaas their Street Commissioner to remove sheds and stands around anything but the meet delightful of sensations during are generally for Breckinridge. Broome county, the homenot only but turned it neighbors ver their fire listed with closed pan se-the new Tompkins market. Adopted.A communication was received from Alderman Peck,tbe acting Mayor, announcing the death of Brevet Majortheir improptu voyage.Personal intelligence.Baron de Stoeckl, Russian Minister to the L'nited States,of Dickinson, is for Breckinridge, and not enough Douglas men to form a corporals guard. Madison county proba- bly Douglas, in preference to Breckinridge, but sure for the "rail splitter." <It is said that his Excellency, being furnished withfacts of an indubitable character proving the complicityof his subordinate with tbe lobln , called that person toan account, aad the matter was [capitulated by an agree-ment of such subordinatejto resign within a certain time citizens were compelled to expel them. Two abolitiosMorton Fairchild, of tbe New York Volunteers, who took and family, are occupying apartments at the Clarendon Governor Morgan passed through here a short timethe next term. Bonfires were got up by his special friends; but it was no go; tbe people want somebody tbat cannot be ruled either b y King Thurlow or King'Peter, the republicans are not decided upon their candidate, bu t the democrats say Charles O'Coaor, if he will run. |With such a gubernatoriaojeandidate. t h e Breckinridge ticket would receive a largely increased vote.OCR CA YIOA BRIDGE CORRESPONDENCE. CAYUGA Baroti, August 2,1860.The Republican Primary Meetings and Gubernatorial Squabbles—Goo. Morgan in the Held—Mr. Eoarts, of jS'ew York, the Favorite of Seward—The Chances of Mor-It st desirable, however, tbat this new science shouldbethoroughlytaughttotbesoldier. TheZouaveperforasaace a ibis line is very attractive, Sad the agility withwhich they move anrprtoing. There [to room, however,tor improvement; lew looking to tbe rear when tbey sally up with. He hoped the Board would not pass tbe bill for Syracuse; Capt. Foster, of England; L B , F. Dimitry, of (At People—Greeley an§ Hunt—The proposed Allianc^ of tofoursiasuggested. •Stickarms*andadismissalofadopt resolutions appropriate to tbe occasion.Hartford, Judge Johnson and family, of Georgia; W. B. Fletcher and lady of Providence, and John s. Barry, ot Baltimore, were among tbe arrivals at the St, Nicholas Hotel yesterday.Hon. Tom Corwin, of Ohio; Hon. Eli Thayer, of Massa- chusetts; Hon. J. Blackburn,of Illinois; Judge Balcom, of New York: S. C. Munroe and family, of Georgia; J. Kin- na and lauy, of Memphis, and Major Selby, of Detroit, are stopping at the Astor House.W. B. Stanley and E. Y. Barry, both Of South Carolina; S. S. Marshall, of White Plains, and J. Lndington, of Mil- waukee, are stopping at the Lafarge House.the service. Ia instruct iocs of the commnnieation.Councilman PorcxxsY, In speaking on the subject, asked why the committee on the reception of the Japan' eaeEmbassyhadtranscendedtheauthoritygiventhemto expend $30,000? The appropriation of $106,000 was an enormity which the taxpayers of the city would not potGen. Willburn, of Texas; Dr. Gordon, of Mobile; Cant. Brown, of New Orleans; Capt. Foster, of Mobile; H. W. CrowellandDr.Jennings,bothofCleveland,arestop- ping at the Fifth Avenue Hotel.gan for a Second Term—Coek in the Hands of his Friends—Movements far Opdyke—Harris, Leavenworth, LUUejohn and Dimn on the Anxious Stdi—Inactictty ofKENTUCKY STATE ELECTION. OUR LEXINGTON (XY.)CORRESPONDENCEWashington;Com.Alexander,ofSt.Louis,andJ.Mait the appropriation until the committee had given the land ana wife, of Philadelphia, are stopping at the MetroHotel. since on his way to Binghamton, in company with Com- Hon. John P. Putnam, of Boston; Col. Sam Colt, or missary General Welch, looking after his prospects forpreachers were, some time since, driven out ofDallas, the same place wbich is now in ashes. I suppose they will now be pretty generally cleaned up all through tbe State. The people are exasperated to the extreme, and they will make short work of them when they catch them. T h e excitement is so intense tbat It to greatly t o b e feared that many innocent persons will be made to snflbr. If anything more transpires at the sent of war of mncb im- portance, I will transmit to yon intelligence of it. If tbe) Northerners are determined to cut our throats, or not tn let us live in peace, the sooner tbey elect "Obi Abe'' t h e better, for we shall look on such an event as aa oaen de- claration of war. Tbe disunion element was beginning to sleep in Texas, but these transactions nave aroused it,and ten times stronger than before.It to also stated that tb e Senator, overboiling withwrathandindignationattbethreatthusmade,thought-lessly consigned the executive chamber to a place of bib-lical notoriety with a reputed temperature exceedinglyuncomfortable. W e have DO official knowledge of the The Pending Context in Kentucky—The Clerkship of tha Secretary'aresignationas,yet. Hasareconciliationoc-Judge J. 6. Cocks, of New Orleans; Dr. Williams, ofIJOUSCTOX, Ky., July 37,1M0.CourtofAppeals—TheIssueatAffectingAe Prttidmttel Vote—Efforts to Defeat the Breckinridge Candidate—Jto- ergyoftke BellMen—PoliticalGatheringe-ke Wa'*r, Old Bourbon and Pretty Woman—Maw Torn NewspaperMan HunUng up a Country Residence, £c.Ihaveaeenpoliticstoconfusion tomany oftbeNorthern and Western States, but nothing bas yet met my view t a compare with the intricacies, complicities, compounds,Movements of the Little Giant—The Douglas Oeaticn—tonThousand Citizens in (he Streets—Douglas at a Clam ties In the State of Kentucky. The State election taken Bake—Rocky Point—Fifty Thousand People Served with place on tbe 0tb of August. Tbe principal office to be vo- a Dish of dam Chowder—Pojpular Sovereignty Among ted for to that of the Clerk of the Court of Appeals, fop the Clams, dc. whicb honor and the fat fees thereof there are a number ofThe candidate of the Northern democracy, Stephen A. aspirants. To particularize — rote,aadIc.-tthroughwantofaconstitutionalnumberot, my,Michigan;Geo.T.Hall,JohnPrentileandsister,A.C. agreatdealoftroubleia thecase. HisExcellencyfor Douglas,having accepted an invitation tenderedbythe Number l (theregular democratic or Breckinridgevotes—seventeen voting in tbe affirmative and seven in Pc'mpim.I'. D. Howard and wifo,JamesThomson, Alex. leading democrats of Rhode Island to pay them a risit, candidate)to Clinton McClarty. The whole power of tbe ' tbe negative. Thomson, Geo. H. Bonghton, Bobert Lasoa, Miss J. Laytor., some time hesitated about being a candidate—or ratherTbefollowingaretbenamesofthosevotingintbeMrs.CLetonDenisonandson,HenryA.Denisan,Isaac haltedbetweenthatandtakinghtochancesforMr.theadmirersefthechampionofpopularsovereigntyhave BreckinridgewingolthedemocraticpartytoKensoontobeheldmakeslivelytimesamongtherepubli-moved that the subject under consideration be laid over leans; Mr. Casson, Royal Mail Agent; Prudencio deHecha- cans in tbe county. The process of making up the rings partment, and formerly Deputy State Treasurer, will beuntil the next meeting aad a committee of three be ap- pointed with power to send for persons and papers. Lost. Councilman Lnrr took tbe floor, and in reply to the question why tbe authority to expend $S0,0f0 bad been transcended, said that a lavish expenditure for such dis- tinguished guests was bat in conformity with the charac-ter of such a city aa New York.Councilman SHAWsaid that so far as he and the rest of ner, New Jersey; John Gibbon, A. H. Jones, S. M. Jones,the commtttee were concerned, the statement in the Charleston; S. Bnrchard, N Y.: Wm. Howard and daugh-newspapera tbat ther were each provided with seventy- ters, Trov: Geo. B Butler, Jr., Boston-; E. Drevet, H. Yoe-two pairs of gloves on the occasion of tbe reception was lion, F. Henle, New York; R. Rheff, H. S. Brantley, are afloat for him to tbe dtointerested work, for wbich theythe successor of Mr. Bliss.RHODE ISIjAXD.Ol*B PROVIPENCK CORRESPONDENCE.PROVIDENCE, August 2, I960.varria and daughter, from Havana; Dr. Page and wife, of Philadelphia,andMr. Delano,fromChili,South America, are stopping at the Everett House.and forming Che sets is rapidly going on among the sup-porters of the several aspirants for the gubernatorial List of Americans registered at the Banking House of nomination. The supposed prospect of certain successLansing * Co.. Paris, France, from the. 12th to the 28th ofhas served to increase the number of aspirants and quick- ened tbe activity of tbeir friends.aftirmative and negative —Affirmative—Councilman Shan- Henderson. Mrs. Isaac Henderson and daughter, N Y; J.non.Burn*.Hotao.Baukh,VanTine,RoUwagen.Cos- Brannan,California;JohnColt,Baltimore;E.Havilaud. grward'sseatintheUnitedStatesSenate. ShadeofRufus ten©, McConSell. Hall, Mnnaon, Van Wart, Shaw. Camp- wile and daughter. Miss 8. Heviland, New York; Mr. King and Silaa Wright, tlmt E. D. Morgan should be voir bell. Lentbnd McCarty. Negatltet-Perley, Kane, Trotter, Peter Gansevoort, Miss Gansevoort, H. 8. Gassevoort! successor!been making active efforts to give him a splendid ova- tacky w in be cast for Mr. McClarty. The rote givestIt is now pretty certain tbat Gov. Morgan is up for aAa efficient committee of arrangements was appointed of the popular sentiment regarding the Presidential quesVby theStateCentralOommEtep,assistedbytheProvi- lion. Forinstance,IfMr.McClartyshouldbeelectedbwthe popular rote, tbe State it sure tor Breckinridge by a a more; D. H. Thomson, New York; G. M Richmond, Pro- distinction, and probably stands the better chance of suc- dence City Committee, to carry out the programme. A overwhelming majority. On tbe other head, \T tbe op-runtoEX- ballof fire, ia a direction n little north of east of this that ia case Mr. Seward tailed of getting the Presidential the depot a aahite of fifteen guns was fired b y the Provi- XAMISMHITS ton rasa gBcwrrioK. dubat ibeken. Front the reputatioa oftbe players place,andapparently movingto n directtoosomewhat nomination,NewYorkwouldconsenttobepropitiatedbyWaSsunuruV, August I , lift, tbetovers of cricket may expect a treat. Wickets will aouthofeast. It did not appear to emit any light, but hto nomination tor Vim. But somehow or other New dence Artillery, aad ,Mr. Douglas, accompanied by Hon.tion.forhimwilliaagreatbntnotabsolutemeasurebeatentTOTEEEDITOROFTHEHERALD. wasslittletoocooltoto)hearty.Thetruthis,theGo-eftbeSenatorthespaciousdepotwascrowdedwithpolities.TheBreckinridgemenhavegirdedoatheirar- vernor, somehow or other, got the impression tbatOnKridaynight,July30,whenreturningbornefromitwashimself,an1notMr.Seward,thatwasmeantwhencitizensandcitizenesses.a!!anxioustocatcha mot,aadproclaimedtheirintonttontofighttotbebUer ^WW W TsTE XOCAVEB TO pAfiHW8T0H--Alt- next week, and stay a match against the New York my place of business, I noticed aomsthiag resembling n people ulkedfabout tbe 'favorite son of New York," and glimpse of the ••Utile Giant. ' When the train entered end for their favorite, the favoriUswnof Keatocky, Ma-i a t tea o'clock each day. tjawaadrtottberejtomorrow creates bepitchedSo charge for ad-York did not cheese to be propitiated in that wav, andlookedlikearednotcannonballaboutfiveornixbaches hisExcelleecy'adelusionvanished,restoringhimtotbe JohnAFrancis,waaconductedtoabarouchenmidthejor Breckinridge. You may rely apon tt, that to no eves* willtbeBreckinridgemenabandonthecoolest. V thsfeff candioate is elected next week, they will fight, J he b* de- featedbyasmallrote-nay3.000—theywulfight;ifbeSt. George t Cub two yean ago, will arrive in the cityTbe aailitory nrt] boty srewnrtng n •atontontotttoMarrAST KXCCTMO*.—By a card in our advertising cn.in diameter. It seemed to be about thirty-five or forty conaciocaness that he bad only damaged himself with tbe cbeera of the multitude. The carriage wm decorated with be defeated by 6 000 or 7,000, tbey will fight; and if b e• • I*ena to your gallant seventhlamas it will b e seen that the Washington Continental fitxwd (Sseam- eentpeiiy) are ebwatgrru*ngrBn.i9Mnr-degrees above tbe horison. and appeared to be at a great men who. with a breath, bad made him all he was, and Bowers aad flags, bearing the names of Dougtos aad John nw. I have met several others who aaw could as easily send him Into obscurity. So It to a little son, and was drawn by six splendid horsm. Ex-Senatorbe defeated by 10,000, they will fight all the mere bitter- K. and Breckinridge himsetl will go'into tbe contest. I t wiU then be one of tbe hottest political battles tbat the "dark and bloody ground'' ever •ilaieaoltbat sort, and never *TTT_TT ef the poseiblliiy of iu being tbe meteor until I noticed by attirsofthiskindtbatbaatokenptaeethtossssm.F4rvourpaperthatthelatterlastbeenseenaefarWestasthe "power.1' Crestoy is for him for a good certainty, and it is not improbable that Weed will be also, as with scarcely any other nam could tbe head of the ~Ctorke occupied a seat in the vehicle, which wm preceded by a detachment of the Battalion Mechanic Rifles Theatao to Reey Hook, on Monday, Angus* E Pramyritinat appearances It promises to he one of the moat attractiveparticalars aa to time of starbusg^tc, aee our adrertiaiagCun annoy.—We are reqaestod to • I are ia tbe Fifth district, on theatfwsk, near First ttoes of J. faria, dyer,Detroit. Whan I saw it it waa between half past nine and ten o'clock. Of course 1 could not pretend to say whether what l a w waa the meteor or no, bet in view of the possibility of such being tbe cast, I thought a * ledgeofthesefactamightaidtaxbare an free a runExecutive chamber a tWhile the jtroceasioo was' marchiag through the ^ * ^ " * ^^P"nS^g^BBBBBJBB_BB_ W t W Bknown throughout the State and tbe Union, and who waa defeated by wreckinridgeto a contest for Congress by theI supposed at the time that it was a fire doubtful bow hto Exceilcnrv does in reality stand withef thetrutb^mto wnsaw aw »*wea.i) lews, Jaly B , JIM.JACOBw a w w a rItwouldseemtbatthe meat think of ooipared tor a lorn of tornotlessthanUof the<Hwq»ebaanab ftf lbs tostfrent bill,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr.Doogieathatthere IDProvidence on any publichowever,stillTitos*,mat baainherited ana adore*, theUntitled Documentoftbe«g»»«JEJ*m*>fiiMiBiswiii No.2isGen.LeslieCombs,whotowellandpnpalairj*now alive, nor to his monusnent ia Lexington ssmiliry— to be pasatog through the city oe "a pleaaure where hto wanes and those of bto mother repose beatoe mats S_S___mBto who<Mnetsympathizewith other-yetotmptotorl Btosen.thePanJamasAWmJ,authority.t h einfluencesihim st tbertbeat to render htohands of ntofttones,Mr. Opdyke, the gentleman who was deluded Into tbespeech in tbe Assembly, denouncing Weed an supremele- holding a monster mam meeting ma gislative jobber and dictator, will be omitted. Thursday, at Bosky Potot, a tovoritoAmong the gentlemen who are understood to be will parties. Tbe "Point" Is fifteen mttoe dii lag are Judge Ira Harris; E. W. Leavenworth, who bm dence, being the most beautiful location cnot a canditoonlytotbe airs,Mr.Boagbcrate.priacipal streets sir. Douglas waa greeted withcoo-tmnouaapplaoaebytbethousandswhobadturnedowl aquiescenceofHenryClay. TbeSageofAshtoadtonotratranooialemuofhtoacgm^hiherIf toe nstAWi <4 www.fultonhistory.com 