 re-ment at the hands of the Black Republican party. Let every bneinees man stand firm, and do all he can to ward "off the effects of the panic* Let as little prop- erty be sacrificed as possible. Instead of pressing our debtors, or selling property of any kind to provide the means of living or extravagance,* let us economize and live on. lees than heretofore. L e t u s especially b e - ware of a panic in slave property. Slavery zn the States is in no danger. Those persons in the States south of us who are anxious to open the slave tradeand import barbarians into this country, wouldnot object te a panic which would reduce the selling price of slaves in Maryland, Virginia, and North Carolina to $300 or $400 each. The proposition to limit Slavery to the States in which it now exists, if even adopted byCongressand approved by the President, wouldwhich "Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Texas, and " probably other Southern States" have declined. A s it is evident that the Convention, should it ever meet,will be composed of delegates from a small portion only of the Southern States, and as little good could, re- sult from ite deliberations unless the representation;should be more general, Gov. Brown declines to recom-s'*by mOPINIONS O F T H E SOUTHERN PRESS.Administration of Mr.^Iancoln, will of themselves pro-d u c e a n y e f l e c t n p o n t h e i n t e r e s t s o f S l a v e r y , o r t h edecision of questions pertaining: to Slavery, then somemanintheNorthorsomeman in the South is -veryIn the meantime he apprehends that the Republican material than at_any.other place, and.equally as cheap. November be eet apart for that purpose, which wasV^..,v/•'-•. •*w ' t'^**'>'':*^$$3feinflv* • #1;years; have been at M rs. Abaou'a bouse for fibre* weeks; that was when her laat child was born,.two years ago; have uot been there in eighteen month*; cannot say much in regard to Mr.':' Abeon'sconduct; should judjje tney lived 'very uncomfortable; Julia K.eunedy waa the servant at m e time I waa there; Mrs. A . frequently spoke of the intimacy between Julia and her hua- band;shetnougbt hepaidagreatpealofattentiontoJulia;1 have come down stairs sometimes when 1 have seen them sittingin a room*toitether, but nothing improper; saw them walk out together: o n e Saturday evening they came down to the city with m*- Juliawent topurchafie some things, and he came to my bouse and called for her; do not know tnat Julia waa ever with child b y M x Abson; beard ahe was about two years ago; heard that Mr. Ab-ou had entered a law-suit against Mr. Jfarsons for aaying so; have seen Mrs. Abson several times in the past •orhteen month*, and she complained that her husband had. treated her bad; thi* last Summer sue toidme that Mr. Abson struck her when ahe caught him with Julia; ahe said she caught them at the corner of Oraud street and the plankroad; ahe said thathetoldheratthetimethat he"woulddoforq«r;"hesaid be w ould have J ulia Kenu«dy for a wife: Julia said that he should not atrike or abu*e her while she was with them', three year* agothey quarreled, and both told me about it; he told me that he was " «*in» to shoot her, aud »he made a very narrow escape: he would'not b e sorry if he had;" d o not recollect that she has told me of any threatsbe has made within a year; deceased haa been to iny house within six month*; never heard Mra. A . exprea* any desire to destroy herself; have never heard Mr. Abson threaten hi* wife but-once: have beard him say that he couldnever live bappy with her; he wanted her to leave him, and he wouldpayhermaintainanoe;Juii*wa*livingwithtuematthe time- saw Julia and Mr. Abson paa* the store in Newark ave- nue aa hue as a quarter to 12 at night; cannot say whether it wa~'last Spring, or previous to her guiug to ilurope; Mrs. Abson told m e that Mr. Abson brought her stwfl t o produce abortion; that is more than two year*ago; sue said *he took it; the child was born about the tiiue she wanted to get rid of it; Dr. Booth toid her that she could not; Mrs. Abson generally sent for medi- cineasshewantedtouseit; sheuaedtoget .jt at bhipiey**, in t*rov*street; sheneversaidanything tomeofhavinga German Doctor,orany other onefromthore;IamnorelationofMu*. Abson ; always found her upright; think she wa»a strong-mindedMr* Zllxa Mallett, testified—I reside in Communipaw; 1 ' knew Mr*. Jane Abson; saw her laat aave on Monday, a week;the Union, and keep a strict eye on our slaves.From The Nevsbem (N. C.J Frogren, Nov. 9.We say now as we have said before, that the simple .election of an objectionable man to the Presidency b y a minority of the voters of the Republic, is no cause for breakmg up the Government. Let us remain in the Union, and if w e have to fight, fight for our rights under the same stars and stripes which ' have hitherto sheltered a n d protected u s . I f Lincoln violates his eath let us dethrone him, but while w e hurl him to the earth let us adhere to the Constitution as framed and adopted b y o u r fathers, and, without dissolving the confederation of States,, call another to preside over us who will observe his oath to support the Constitution and secure to every citizen and toslaves, be asserts, were brought to this country by would be speedily executed. But as slaves are ignor-Up! 'ri* n o Hme for blustering- Action let the watchword be;Let our gallant sons be mustering 'Neath our own Palmetto tree."..NEW-YORK DAILY TRffill^J^^v.* »••iXM turns reached UBfrom New-Tork and other Northern that article of the Constitution which secures to • the leading firearms, which is applicable to rifles, carbines, Tuetday after the first Monday in January, 1861.". States to assure us of the triumph of the Black Repub- citizen of any State the'rights and privileges of all the and pistols. It will be one of the most effective arms The, amendments were agreed to, and the vote re-PROPOSEDTAXATIONOFSLAVEPROPERTYlicansintheelectionofAbrahamLincolnandHanni- thathasyetbeeninvented,beingintendedequallyfor curringonthe!,til],asamended,itpassed,withtbw . -•** balHamlin. Thisintelligence,so.dishearteningtothe States,hisansweristhatGeorgiadidn'tbeginit.The lungrangesandkeenshootingasforclosequartersand fellowmgvote:Xeae,44;Nays1. •'friends of the Union, produced a profound sensation in time, in his opinion, is come for bold aud decided rapid discharges. It is impervious to water and The House resolutions in reference to a day oi.ta*** GREAT ENTHUSIASMIK CHARLESTON. the minds of men of all parties, and during yesterday action, and the course he proposes would, he believes, weather, and may be used with or without cartridges. i*g and prayer were referred to tho Cornxnittee «at"b O B t&£iZ2<LnZ1 beiiere that Mr. Ab-on and hi* relationswho eupported the candidate of the National Democracy—are true to their section, and will stand prepared tomaintainherrightsintheUnion,thoughnotoutofit.Itmaybedifficulttoignoreandrepudiateallthey Thatsuchalaw.mightbeevaded,bymarkingNew- have said in the past, b u t they must now. see the pro-1Ee'wrothi* h«^a* ««*tM d#»««w^.v-^«tt»«3ed . bim down gtatoi whenbotoldherrepeatedlythatif*hedidnotgiveupthatbox bo would killber; whrn she >»w him ht such di,tres« she wont *opstair*andgottheboxforbta»tafter»begavehimtheboxho otni^Kl IT»i« said one piece of that would do for him if ho tookIfc; fee then pni the box in hit pocket; the piece of ointment she Mveme*b«foundinthebodwn»twoorthroewoekiaftor- w a i d ; 5lr«. Ab»on saidshe believed this ointment she found i n the b«d was d o *•»!« •*• found in the box; Hhe Mid the piece* <rf ointment w e » about a* large aa the top of your finger; I tbink Mr*. Ahson *«» a sAu*ibl«> woman. and would not tell a Jie: cannot »ey that J oyer heard her any thai the wiahod ahe was 4«»dt b»t.havt.beardher«aythathertrentmentwualmostb«»-E-endurance; do net.think *he would destroy her own life; Ab«o« told ns*that wmeofthembadmixed her»omt> |y andwater while »he» « ^ck.^^ Ab»on toox it u ptoher:thenvta sapMkedhtmwhatittastedof—that eh* toldhimItlasted of salt; that hetold heritw*."nitdown atairs uiwinted^wtthH*hand*onperiodbeforethe4thofMarchwillbringcoolreflection1serve to- rid Georgia of those "Abolition emii**;MarylandistosustaintheUnion,asnocausehasyet|aspossible,inordertoiaytheissuemorefollybefort««ldhimthat.he fflffnorwantlt. andthathetookitdown,whenho brought hex aon*e more; ,hr aaid abe drank it, but did not«ey th»t it taated lik^ the fimt; thia. wa» «om« time laat Winter; AlwomgavttitomeortM* aoJt brandy to the wa«hwoman. Mar-Karetj Mazgaretaaid aaid a h e vomUed i b r t w o o r three daya;•Margaret a n < M ra. Ab«6m both told m e that; cannot aaywhether heorXioabeth gave 1t.to Margaret: Mra. Ab*>m-didaotteUme what portion* of her body her hunband tore thepioc** o f tleab from -. have been at the house when Mr. Abaom •-•-.-. nnd wife were together; never »aw him fl!-treat her; Mra. Ab-the general excitement among our citizens was suchas It is surefire, self-cleaning, can never foul, and is not we nave never before witnessed. The call for a public strengthen the ties of union between the States gener- liable to get out of order. There is no intricate ma-Eaucation. 'wThe Senate th«n adjourned. .HOUSE orREPRESENTATIVES.—Mr,^Coffin,fromtoaeom met her huaband and Jolia accidental^ at the tim« abore- . xnentioned; h*vo never heard Mra. A . aay that a h e h a s token tea* of any kind to pro-vent her from bavin? children, nor any medicine; ahe baaaaidtome that ahe hoped the would never baveany more children; have heard Julia nay that Mr. Aboomba* brought herb* into the honae.The Jury adjourned at a quarter to 12, for an hour. 'Acquest.Mr a . . A n n S t e e l t e a t i f i e d — I r e r i d e i n C o m m u n i p a w ; I w a s eolted to at Mr. Ab«o»'« on yriday morning laat—I tbiuk after 2 o'clocka.m.;Mr*.Abaomwa*4ead at that'time-;the aeoond oldeat daushter came for m e ; Mra. Bioy and her niece were iuchineryorparts gboutit,butitisassimpleasthebidMesse-geofGOT.BrowaofGreorgia. morning,embracingamongitssignaturestheleading SlaveandFreeStates,assuch,to.onebetweenindi- musket. Itisprovidedwithanovelaccompaniment, SpecialCommitteeontheresolutioninrelationtoa. At the aeeembbxtg of the Inquest yesterday afternoon Cororier Gaffney committed Mr. Abson to the countyFrojn The Lotritville (Ky.) Journal, Nov. 9.If any man in the North or any man in the SouthA Southern-Rights club hoisted a banner in one of the public squares of Savannah, with this inscription:• » * » * ' • • • • •EQUALITY OF T H E STATES. . :: [The painting of a rattlesnake, with;the motto:] . :; "DON'TTSKAOONMK." :,,*•a •*)•,*••****•»•• s*•** •• •*•••••••*••«•••••••••••**••***••At a public meeting on Friday night, at Charleston.S.C,theflagof Georgiawasborneintotheball,anaadopted.Mr. Winsmith offered the following resolution*,whichwereorderedtobeprintedaadmadethespecial . order for to-morrcw at 1 o*clock:Resolved, That this General Assembly i» satisfied thai Abrar ham Lincoln has already been elected President o f t h e United £tate«i, and that said election has been based upon principles of open and avowed hostility to the social organization and peculiar interett* of tha slaveholdiug State* of this Confederacy.much mistaken, and so he will find if he lives muchthe room when I got there; deceaaed wa» lying on tha back part longer- No doubt the uprising of a fierce faction State.the effect upon the vast assemblage, when it waa un-furled: may bo imagined. The papers have no words South Carolina is ready to dissolve all connection with the Gen-of the bed;the bed clothe* were over her;,the beddiduotlookaaifanyonehad*been•leepiuginfrontofit;deceaaed againsttheGovernmentcouldnotfailtobringaboutResolved, That it is the sense of this General Assembly that eral Government of the United States, and earnestly deairea, andtoindicatethestateofenthusiasm.whichitexcited. herebysolicits,thecooperationofhersisteralavenoldingState* Among the complaints againsj; the Republicans, a in this Government.powder waa about the color o f roruvi&n nark; t h e powder w wouite*xnall; 1 tasted oiit; it apj-eared to be very bitter; ittswtedi»ke r"emvi*n bark, b u t tbesre seemed t o b e something else withthe powdrr what it w&* 1 cauuot toll: when 1 ruinded it b a s 4 B B ^l^i?ke\ . a" .'craven-, cower before the storm and become af-hadaooutthepowder: 1sawnopowdersuponthebureau•'did "takecarethatthelawsbefaithfullyexecuted.'' If notseeany bit* of paper lyina; about the room that morning thatlookedHkemedicinepapers;1sawnovei*elswearetohavetreasonrearingitsheadamonguSjtheforhope. ButshewillnotaidLincolnorGon.Dong- lasinbangingthecitizensofanyStateforobedienceto theConstitutional authoritiesOfsuchState. ShewillMr. Lucas, also from the Committee on the Military* freemen will'•bowthenock,"andsubmittoallthis, Republican, waselected toCongress by-"an orerwhelining amountofmoneyM>beappropriatedforthedefenseofexcept the wash pitcher and bowl in the room .strong arm of theoffended lawmustlopitoff. .Thismajority. . ' ' . ' i ,isaquestionforthemtodecide"intheirsover- Ninth;Weknowthatbythecensusof1850,-lnthatyearalonotheState,reportedthattheCommitteerecommendedi smelta queer smellinthe room;what1haveheardofMrs.Ab- son** character wa* not extra; beard M r. A bjoa say that his wife xaade a grab at his throat while she waa in the fit; Mrs. Ab«ou told m e that her husband aud the girl Julia were very intimate; ahe told m e that she bad taken medicine to prevent having chil- dren ; thia wa* about three year* ago; ahe took drugs, but did not aay what they were; w e were on iriendiy term*, but were not in the habit of visiting together; 1 got home on Wedney night about 10 o'clock; did not see her husband, and do not know where he bad gene; think she was a woman that would take medicine that.would injure her; d o n o t know that she would sooner destroy herself than have children; ahe told m e she had'a miscarriage iu October b y taking herb*; ahe told m e thia last month; ahe did not tell m e what she took to produe the miscarriage; 1 was in the habit of calling there three or 'four time* a year;Mr. Abson ai- waya appeare t o b e very kind; Mrs. Abson told m e the effect o f" A lady of this city" (Charleston) is also poetical. liberty, jke therefore could not vote for t h e resolu-beard of any difficulty between Mr. andMrs. Abson on account of the children.regions where the climate and soil demand it. I twould, therefore, be unwise to rush slave propertythey have seen Southern Democratic newspapers teem- a w t y and w e n i i u t o a fit; understood h i m t o say h e gave her a ing with charges of Abolitionism against a party inMilitaryCommitteesofbothHousestoritduringthe recess. •A reeolution passed fixing the sine die adjournment for Tuesday at midnight.ThenewsofSenatorHammond'sresignation,and thatGov.PettusofMississippiwillcalltheLegislaturethe amount of #400,000, bearing interest at the rate of six pea- V cent per annum, pavable semi-annually at the .Treasury of tho Stat* and redeemable thereat: that is to say, $200,000 on the 1st day of January, which will be i" tbp year of our Lord one thou- »uud eight hundred and *eventy-one. and *200,OO0 on th«» 1st d a yof January, which will be fa the year of our Lord one thousand ehtht hundred and seventy-six. . *SEC. 2- That the faith of the State is hereby pledged, for t h e punctual payment of the interest on said bonds or stocks, and for the redemption of the principal of the HUM when it shall bcooiuedue.SKC.3. ThatallmoneyarWngfromthesaleofsaidbondsortmtttmeni,jpo* worre;. . „ . . . - . _ —priety there is in such a course. If they want peace and safety, let them close the Pandora's box;, cease from the Slavery agitation; withdraw their imputa-York goods, for instance, as coming from New-Jersey,he considers as no valid reason against its enactment. Governor of Virginia, but that another had succeeded ance. The resolutions did not call for delay. They .SBC. 7. That the said Board snail be authorised to ensage * ft*^ ^' step-mother; Bonnett, left imme-they have perpetrated upon a gallant, patriotic party, **Trt,riVJTT, A w , _ ^-d*, these threat*; think i was in the room and convince the North now, il they can, that the sev-chusetts, Vermont, Michigan, Maine, Rhode Island, the whole South will reorganize on a new basis among South Carolina in the secessionmovement. We should Connecticut, New-York, and Wisconsin, shall be sub- themselves, leaving the other States to do likewise. exhaust every possible means of securing their assist- jectedtoataxoftwenty-fivepercent. Therightto ThisintendedcourseofVirginiawasdiscussedatthe ancebeforewetakethestepalone. Theindications President'sHouseto-dity,andmuchspeculationhadas ofcooperationwerenowfarmoreauspiciousthania to the course of the Northern States. 1852. Would it then be inappropriate to wait four, "HearingofGov.Wise'sactivemovementsinorgan- liveorsiyweeks,inordertogivenoticeto/ourSouth- erneisters?Inthemeantime,weneednotbeidle. We could go ahead with our preparations for resist-i J ^ j S ^ ^ ^ S S i & L f »b o r on r-riday morn-Sbould.such a statute prove insufficient to bring the of-fending States to a sense of their constitutional obliga-him, w h o would take care of the public interests of meant action—but prudent and deliberate action. H eand competent ordnance olheer, who shall open an Ordnance Bureau, Inspect all anas and ordnance purchased by the dlroo- tion of the Board, orpmise an Ordnance peperfc»r*^*ad per- form all «uch other duties as may be designated bythe said Board, and the said officer shall have the rank ot Colonel of Ar> tillery, wHh a salaryof #3,000 per annum. ,- *' •' ^ •8XC.8. That the said Board shall make to ^I^jsiisJrtttre ot each session a report of. their prooeedinx*. i u either a pubtto o r private communuifcatilon, u may aeem to thaemmoat exjqpedient foe |hepnbMo*»orvice, •.*»*•! •• '• . ' . " ^ '• ,S*C.9. That tie saidBeardbeandaraherebyrbWUwd te employ a aclentifio MM! oooipetoot -olUUry «««faMer, * # f asmo.£rTL*ab*«i92ciock: wa*intheroomwhereUie corpse,wasthe State." George William Brown, tho now Mayor of Balti-thought that the Convention should not be called at too early a day. or with too much precipitation.Senators Wilson of Prince George and Mazyok of^ ifVR.»«Mt»J Mr Absonwerethere;Mr.Bennett tionsofawantoffealtyuponourparttotheinstitu-tions of our State, and agree to a policy that all con- servatives can unite to carry, forward.jFVoas The Baltimore (Md.) Patriot^ Not 10. .* f e «*" TEZ? Y^« .aid m v shrter should not be alive ontions, ho recommends anadditionalenactment, whereby more, was inaugurated on Monday. His Inaugural•aid to M i AJ>»on,Yoa »aid :my swwr ^ ^ ^ , ttxiu. xi»ioeo JI^ __ ._,„„... QIQXQva*ftgreatdealsaid, ltwa*v he threw a powder in the atove. alter the reply he but the «hock wZ too much for m e to noticebout Mr*. Abson's mad* to the brother; beard nothingbeiTig poisoned.Tbe ii^ueet Ivm isdJoanMxl tut the night.the citizens of those States " shall be declared without Addrees ignores all political partiality. It also takes St. James oflered amendments to the reflations und" the protection of the laws" of Georgia. In strong conservative andUnion grounds*and says the discussed their merit**.Sec. See.«Scc.vidualStates. HisExcellencydeclaresthatheis " no disunionist per se." , J-Buchanan, who occupies the chair of Andrew Jackson, emulate the energy of the great Tennessean, or will hecoln Electors were regularly nominated and run.Fourth: In Portsmouth. Va., the Wide-Awakes have recently,established a club numbering 100 men. .Fifth: And on the borders of Kentucky, it ia well known thethe meeting of the Convention is the 1st of Januarr* next., T h e bill w a s ordered for consideration t o - / morrow. 1,•-:>•*^ • • ;,'SECESSIONMOVEMENTS,andforbearance. Wehaveeveryconfidenceinfthe sober second thought of the people, especially in'the SouthernStates,whereanimpulsivedispositionmay drivementosuddenthreatsorpreparations,butwheresariee who are now passing among our people; , , ,, .. -arisensufficienitojustifyitsoverthrow. Headvises i firmness} patience, andmoderation*;*>dhopesfevor-j~reo«-^Lng*thefuture, contendingjjthatonlyan overtact,oranencroachment on"sacred rights,can'SeStor Moses of Stjmter'ifcas willing, yrhentheVB.-••'V*w*-.~•/•»•*-uUSUI I•I'iW IP'" •«•S3 ^'il^%^i^g1 ^W.!.",ya;,r ReportedResignationofSenatorHammond.theinstitutionsaresuch,thehabitsofthepeople,theira o "documentsamongus,andattemptingtoinciteour,justifyresistance;andbeside,constitutionalredresselection, and "this dominent party in the Northern jailunjil Friday, to await the result of the Coroner's thinks that the election, the inauguration, and the and whatever may have been our differences of opinion "section, of the Union, among whom fanaticism.FromTheNathville (Tenn.)American, Nov.8.Waa not oofd; I felt of her head; ahe looked ho more great and deplorable results, but these would be While we are forthe Union, we cannot indorse thethan aa though ahe had *wooned away to •leep- her ey«• vrere »hut; the mouth w i » partly open; did not seeJMIT appearance o f her having been straining o r vomiting; Mra. Ab-wholly chargeable upon those by whom.the movement eboulu be made.sentiment which we have seen upon some of the politi- cal transparencies during this canvass: " T h e Union,Charleston paper says:Resolved, That the Governor be requested t o forward, inune- diately, copies o f the foregoing resolutions t o t h e Governors o4*. the slaveholding State* in this Confederacy, with the requestevery State their rights under that instrument. Atprenent we contend there is no sufficient causelor going out of. the Union;, however, we holdstobequiteasgreatasthatofSoutherners wouldnowfliesfrommanywindowsofbuildingsiaourcity, CarolinaoppressedasIndiawasby.theEast Indiastand ready to act at any time and at all timesas thesovereign people of North Carolina shall-deter--be who • should invade the North, burn down fac-'. tones, and destroy other Northern property—all ofpresent time can gaze on this standard of our State without feeling his neart swell with emotion, and his arm nerved^and strengthened, with a detenninatioa to standby it to the last.NEW FLAGS.—Messrs. Carmalt & Briggs are pre- paringtwoflags,inthebeststyleofpainting,forthe Florida line of steamers, the Gordon and Carolina. The design to be represented is a bale of cotton, overCompany. H e felt the importance of action. When •* broken, and only waiting a constitutional form tocomplete secession, then, if it be desired, send a Com- missioner to Georgia, and.her sister States, inviting cooperation. Heliad no objection to this/ for they could do it with dignity and self-respect. What policy wouldhisfriendpursueifGeorgiadeclinedtoact1 ./.'Mr. McGowan did not indicate any policy. His *• W i1: ' ' *;mine to^nct. We believe in holding on to the Union aslongaBitisj>oeribletodo sowith honor, butweare which,hecontends,isthefruitoftheslave-trade.Thewilling to act as the wisdom of the State may snggest. Onethingisunmistakable;everyone,almost,whoWemeet, seems to realize and feel that the perpetuity ofthe Government is in great peril. Whether we go outor stay in, great stagnation in business may be expected, flagrant violation of Southern rights. and all had better prepare for the panic at once. Con-policy was to go on pari passu iu sending a messagefugitive slaves from the South, and by this the Governor toldme»hedidnotknowwhatwaathematterwithher;she leavethemtowir.erheads.Thetimesarecertainly understandsthattheNorthernStatesagreednotonlyShe wa* *ittmg down stair*, and appeared to be quite sick.; shepregnant with great troubles.VARIOUSMOVEMENTS.;A dispatch from Charleston says that Senator Ham-ThelateFederalJudgeMagrathpresided,and speeches were made by judge Magrath; Mr. Spratt, ex-Senator Rhett, ex-Collector Colcock, ex-Govern-From The Lynchbvrgh Virginian, Nov.20.We have always believed that the charges madebytheDemocratic rtUtyof theSouth,againstthatlargemass of their fellow-citizens that has stood opposed tothem and ;o their wicked agitation of the Slaveryquestion for .party purposes, has had a tendency tomislead,' if it has not actually miiled the peoplo oJf'theNorthrelativetothesentimentoftheSouth. When,thority of the same, TWit his Excellency the Gorernor be and asoTwdi,r ^ u t 12 or 1; he saU she went into another fit alterrTvfalTthe^ud Powder, and died in it; lie said he laid downSou?22*? b 7 S e \ 5 e of her; I asked him if she was out of the»t, and h e -«.id *he wa*. and that she comphuaed of her legs occasion any surprise to know that even John Brown He recommends the Legislature to pass a •law to them. • • . beinz verycold; he rubbed them,and then shecomplainedof and his*accomplicesacknowledge themselves to haveher )>ad ai.d asked him to lay something on it; he placed hw- hand on her forehead, and she did not complain any more; this waswhen shewa*sensible;MissAuguatua Smith askx.dhimauthorizing such reprisals; and in case the property thus taken is not redeemed by the Governor of thestock»hallbeplacedintheTreasury.Subjectto thedraftoftho " Several leading Virginians representittobethe LesesneoncallingaStateConvention) wascalledup. Sr.c. 4. ThattheBankoft\u\ StnU)ofSouthCarolinalaherebyVirginia, for example, numbering within a few tnou- therewith any citizen of Georgia who has been ia iwina of one-half or tne entire population,. should it Massachusetts'deprived of his property^ in his slave.enue, or open a port. Sould this be done,,a revenue officer on board a man-of-war will immediately attendLEGISLATURE OF SOUTH CAROLINA.situation, the nature of their property, and their every interest that, conservative action must eventually pre-" slaves to revolt, and to murder our women and"'children; and are applying, under cover of the dark-can best be had within *he Union.''; ' , ; ' - J States-Rights flags have beenrtbrown to the breeze at several places^.Charleston. Oneappeared at Gale's carriflge emporium", at The Evening News office, andvail.;./M-; •Nov. 8.The Savannah(Ga.) Newt,meeting to-night^ which appears in our columns this ally by narrowing the sectional controversy betweenmenofourcityofaUparties,willberegardedasanunmistakable evidence of the deep concern which per-vades all minds in regard to the important crisis that isupon us. We feel no inclination at this time to dwellupon the election, nor to. speculate upon its_ consequen-ces to the country. The result and its iuevitable conse- party may have become successful in the Presidentialwhichmaybeneedassaber,bayonet,orpike. Onthe whole, it appears to be just the arm for the .South, and may be manufactured at Richmond, and from betterdayoffasting,humiliationandprayer,reportedan amended resolution, recommending that, in view of the solemn crisis in the affairs of the country, the 21*tofquences have been anticipated by all thoughtful men,as to the most hopeful meantf of averting the unwel- c o m e c r i s i s , w e t r u s t t h a t t h e r e w i l l n o w _ b e u n i t y o f sentiment and action, and that all parties will cordially uniteinthe adoptionofBuch"aline ofpolicy aswill secure the rights of our people and the honor of our" rules the hour, and mob law too often maintains its " a s c e n d e n c y , w i l l c o n s i d e r t h e m s e l v e s a s v i c t o r s , a n d " the people of the South as. vanquished."In that case other safeguards will be necessary as" degradation,insult, andinjury," is tobe the lotoftheSouthernStates,asthepriceofUnion;aportionoftheir own citizens will bebribed into treachery to theirown section by hopes of office; and " a hungry swarmIf these resignations are the forerunners of a con- right or wrong." We are for the Union " right,'' and " of abolition emissaries,'' are to be "imported asFirtt: Tho last census shows a large decrease in the numberof slaves in Maryland- and Delaware, and on the northern bor- that they will submit them to their several Lotdslature*.'ac* we*-down ataira wbon 1Kot there; I helped tolay the bodyout. andwaaaarfstedbyMra.Bloy'aniece; thehack,aa1 spiracytostopthewheelsoftheFederalGovernment, wouldbewillingtosuffermuch-wronginit,butweders cf Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri ' ''••'•.• Second- The late election for State officers in Delaware ahow* the vote in Wilmington, the capital, to bo: Breckinridge, 506;Mr. Lucas, from the Committee on the Military, to whom was referred the bill to arm the State, reported the same back with several amendments, ana with tho .thought, wa« mortified, about the middle of it; did not see anr cannot say that we would submit to every wrong, that " officeholders," who will " eat up their substance,mark* of violence; 1 *aw a powder that Mr. Abson -took off Jf so far as the exercise of its supreme authority in thetfeo mantlepioco and showed to me; it waa in a white paper: the State of South Carolina is concerned, will James fanaticism and power might feel disposed to inflictupon U8.From The Louisville (Ky.) Courier, Nov. 10.Kentucky will not go out of the Union in conse-Mr.AbaTM;heputitintothejatovcpaperaudail;wbvnMrHBP*""1ghtedatthe madanticfl.of thoseover-excitedfunat quenceoftheelectionofLincoln. Wedonot suppose«on hatd^d n:e die powder Uf xaid UMUwaa what she had OflTO J icS. W i there is one man in^it who thinks, she will take su^h a We have a righttodemand,andwe have jthe r" insultthem with their arrogance,corrupt thoirijlaves, " and engender discontent among them, flood the coun- " try with inflammatory abolition documents," and doall in their power to create a state of things whichmust end "in a war of extermination between theLincoln, 4."«VDoBgFaa, 228, and lie11, 341. • • 'Third: On the upper borders of Virginia and Kentucky, Lin- recommendation that it do pass. The time fixed forBlack Republican strength w rapidly gaining. " ,taking, aud it was very bitter; that waa all the conversation w e right to enforce our demands that the President <fshall step. She will wait and hope, until there is no room, " white and black races." Whether eight millions of Sixth : In the State of Missouri, a Slave 8tate, F . P . Blair, a to whom was referred the resolutions in regard to theonethousandandelevenslavesweretokenfromusbytheunder- theappropriation of$400,000forthatjpurpose: wkeot1 e*w ncthing of the appearance of aperaon having been purjdna agitation must be crushed in the beginning; it will not not become the hangman of the Federal Government in " eign capacity." Whether that sovereign will ground railroad, for which the South did not get one dollar in the report was accepted and the Committee disoharged. i•orvomiting:didnotsmeiianythingofthekiud;didnotseeauy•ejwel* that could have beeatnaed; Mr. Abson &«* in the room^5* wt>wert'1*>***°o*«»ebody;heappearedtobelow- vepirit^d;Mr.Abscntookthebedandthingsdown stair*:he made the expression that it waa bard that she went off without1 tomnddotoattemptconciliation,ortoholdparleywithit.It. suchacase. ShewillneverpermitanarmyofNorth- is to be ascertained by a general convention, return. Thoueslaves,atthepricesprevailingtwelvemonthsMr. Mullins then introduced his bill, of which noticewas given yesterday, postponing the operation of the' 3dsectionofanactentitled*"*AnActforthesuspen-m-m sion of certain acts ratified 21st day of DeeeruW, X857''-^postponing the election of the Directors of thaisamonsterofmiensofrightfulthattheverysuspi- cionofitsexistencedisturbsthepublicserenity. We look, therefore, to the President with confidence thaternmercenariestobemarchedacrossheirterritoryto forceoneofherSouthernsibterstoremaininamnion from which, in a proper manner, she has determined toago, would be worth largely over one million of dollar*. . .5°I_i*"*«—?^'* *»ddhewa*»orryhedidnotcall-aome- bewilldobiswholedutywithoutfear,favor,oraffec-withdraw.Shewilladvisemoderation,counselpru-forherself.The.Unionisacompact,andeachStateisofLincoln'selection.. ,• ..',Dodyin early in the evening; he said he gave Mr*. Abson onepowder that the doctor left; think he said he gave the powder at tion. He will be sustained by ninety-nine in everyEletenth: W e know that in 1850 (by the census) one .thousanddence, urge forbearance, use all her influence to induce sovereign equal to every other. While the compact is and fifty-three slaves were manumitted, and manumission ia Bank of South Carolina until the IBIday of January,1- o'clock; be said after taking it she bad a fit; after ahe took the fithewentin*othebedtorubher,audshewaa quite cold,and ahe stretched herself out and died in the fit; he said *hehad Purged in, the middle of th« night; hi* wife told him to rub her - betoldmethathecalled Elizaoeth andSarah, hi*twooldest oaoKhtera, before ahe died; aaid h e wa* alone with her when she died; he only spoke of giving her the one powd«sr, and ahe shortly after went into a fit; did not hear him aay anything that mominr about hex trying to poison herself; did notbearanvonesayinhutp:eaeucethat they thought shewas poisoned; there waa no conversation while he was by aa to the cause of death; did not hear him make auy remark about her. dying *© sudden; »aw MrrcAison last ahve on Wednesday even- ing ; she seemed'to b e very ill aud very much racked with pain in the bowel*; she waa to bed; thia waa about nine o'clock; the husband was uot present when 1was there;did not see auy pow- der* that night; did not see her o n Thursday; I was not very in-timate with Mrs. Abson; in July last she told m e h e luul given her a disease: I asked her why ahe did not teii him and ahe said ahe did not like t o becaure h e would say she wa* with somebody else; Mrs. Abson appeared to be a woman of very weak mind; there waa nothing said between Mra. Bloy, her niece, and my- self, further than 1 remarked that 1 thought when 1 h u t caw her she could not last long; her eye* were very mncb sunken and she- had lost her color;. Mrs. Abson made no complaint to me on tb^t Wedneaday even- ing about her husband; Mia* Bryant made the remark that shehundred of the substantial citizens of the South. If theFederaloflicerscannotcrushthetreasoninitsbud, there a r e other means at' the hands of. the Presidentthe Southern States to remain in the Union until there isnohopeforpeace,oriustice,orsafety,ink;shewill, and can, and ought, to do no more.SPECIAL MESSAGE O F GOV. BROWN O F GEORGIA.Hia excellency, Joseph E.. Brown, Governor of Georgia, has transmitted to the Legislature of that State a special message on. Federal relations, and theinviolate no State has a right to withdraw, but each State must judge for herself whether it is violated or not. The right to secede from the Union can only be denied on the ground of denial of State sovereignty, for the Federal Government is not an arbiter, but only a limited agent. T h e States are not subject to that which they created. In case of secession the' citi- zens of Georgia would owe allegiance to Georgia alone; and should any other Government interfere and punish such citizens for treason, the Governor declares he will seize and hang upon the nearest tree two citizensof such Government for. every citizen of Georgia whose life had been taken. But as the cause of the Southern States is a common cause, he thinks that action in com- mon would be wiser. Should the fifteen States secedethere would be.no war. So many of the Northern people are dependent upon Southern cotton and South- ern trade for employment, and upon the 8outh for the necessaries and luxuries of life, that they could not afford to fight her themselves or permit others to do it. Great Britain is also dependent upon Cotton, and could not afford to witness an invasion ofowing to force of Northern opinion and teaching brought to bear onourpeopleandouryoungmensentthereforeducation.The Southern muse has plumed her pinions, and soars18G2; which was read once and referred.Mr. Trenholm amended his resolutions in severalparticulars. ,Mr.- Gray recounted the wrongs endured by theSouth from the foundation of the Government, and t h e boast of Black Republicans to reorganize the Supremo Court, which they would be able to accomplish, since they had control of the legislative and Judicial depart- ments of the Government. W aa the South tamely to submit? Were their mothers and their sisters to be subjected to servile insurrections, and all the horrora of civil war? It was too late for cooperation; bu» there were two ways of dissolving the Union—first, bv revolution under a form of Government, and by in- dividual revolution.He preferred the latter, because it was justified be- fore the world; it was the doctrine advocated by Cal- houn and McDiiffie, and recognized by Do Tocqueville. Prudence declared for speedy action, to arm; and to own a revolution was but sueccesful civil war. He hoped that South Carolina would now throw off the odious Government and seek protection undor the/Pal- metto flag, the segis of our rignts and palladium of ourwhich must be used quickly and effectiyely. reply should b eH i s onlyafter this fashion: .. SERENADE FOR LINCOLN.Hark! the cry that comes unto us, That Old Mek has gained the day—That Abe Lincoln is elected,.Now what will the Southron* say 1•Will they bow the head and meekly Give it up and say no more— Shut their eyes to luture insult,Each and every wrong iguorelAvjoice from Carolina,From the Old Palmetto State,Tells us the will never falter, Nor a moment hesitate.And Bhall Georgia boys b e backward For their rights t o take .a stand? No! their slater State shall find thornA true, noble, 'fighting band.With our arms in perfect order;With strong nerve and steady e y e -Side b y tide with Carolina,We'll have justice or we'll die I;..• j ..,.'...? . ,./My voico is in m y shield.We mnstbebriefwhentraitorstakethe field!From The Raleigh (*2v*. C.J Standard, Nov. 10.The people of this community received this intelligence of the first geographical triumph which hastaken place in this country, with a feeling of mingledsadnens and determination. For our part our motto is,"Watch and Wait. North Carolina will never permitMr. Lincoln or his party" to touch the institution of-domestic Slavery. ' Her people are at least aunit on this' ,point.. They may not advise or inviting a Convention of Southern States " to concert•'measures for united action,'*, which invitation Mis- to the slightest indignity or the slightest encroach- sissippi accepted, Alabama is expected/to accept', butapprove secession, but they, will not submitcivilized world would justify them in adopting any Abson said the powders were ftiry hard for her to take, and that' amount to little. Slavery can no more be limited by measures for the restoration of those rights and their fu-' thedrugsahetookwouldcauseanabortionafow daysafter;Mr.wa* whatcausedmetotasteit;deceasedteamed tobeveryfond actofCongressthantheMississippi canbearrestedinRather seeking peaceful havenThan for freedom atrike one stroke,Bear y e the focmen taunting, Saying thus, with scoffs and jeers," This i« but Southern vaunting— Threats we.scorn, but do hot fear."' of the oldest child, but not so much of the second; have never its coarse. It will spread to and take root in all aew ture protection.into market a t a sacrifice on account of Lincoln's elocu-Jersey Cityr 1 have known Mra. Jane. Abson for the p u t five tion. Letus stand firmf> strengthen our defenses in ers were recognized in all the Northern States. The "lies of innocent children and women," but theseMrs. Margaret Ro**,?te**ified!—I reside at No. I l l Morgan street,right and propriety of ceceesion.ment opens with a reference to the resolutions passed by the Legislature of South Carolina at its last session,the penalty of the law, the justice of their punishment is denied, their names are canonized, and " even in the " pulpit they are frequently referred to as martyrs to " the cause of liberty." The guilt of the North heFrom The Charleston (S. C ) News, Nov. 9.THE SOUTH CAROLINA FLAG.—This glorious flag doned, and the- rights of the South lost, and Southclaim to carry such property iuto the Territories, while' therighttotaketheslaves whichtheSouthgavein exchange for it into the same Territories is denied, is aThis important docu-mend his ,own State to send" delegates to it. H e does the Southern States. The loss of one crop would shakoUp, up 1 y e Southern freemen. Rouse y e at the trumpet's call jPast is the hour of dreaming,Break ye the oppressor's thrah*. • • t •UP! can y e fail or falterWith the foe within your sight t... Up!willyewearthehalter Rather than daro the fight 1Shame fall upon the craven. •;. .. " ,;' Who would bow beneath the yoke.not, therefore, however, wish to be understood as ac-quiescing in " the repreated aggressions of the non-Blaveholding States." On the contrary he believes therights of Georgia have been BOviolated, that the wholethe " pillars of the English throne," and raise the cryof "bread and blood." Fugitive slaves would be moreeasily .captured in case of Dissolution than now—forthe North, for the sake of an equitable treaty of com-merce, dependent as she is upon the South, wouldgladly agree to take allangitivee and deliver them atthe border. Nor would there be any great fear of in-surrection. '' Northern spies might occasionally incite * "small.numbers of slaves to revolt, and murder fami-•••'.-;-'.:.' -1/ . ;.•' His Excellency refers to the period of the adoption of the Constitution, when the rights of the slavehold-,»ant, are not allowed to travel about, liave no mail fa- / cilities, are unarmed,-are under the immediate eye of •.Northern ships, and the proceeds invested by Northern-•;'"men, in " shipping, manufacturing, &c."those men have forgotten the source of their wealth,:. masters or overseers, are not accustomed to claim orThe sons of" and now advocate the doctrine that our slaves should" be set free among us, intermarry with our children," amalgamate with us,and be placed in all respects, upon" a basis of perfect equality with our free white popu-" lation." To promote this object, a Southern State has the danger of revolt is notjin the slaves of the South, been invaded, and though the. invaders have suffered.Ready, till death to battle,In defense of Southern right. <Such was not the spirit of the framers of the Con- "hour of triumph.'' He further recommends an ap-fidence is lost—toe banks are doing nothing and are notlikely to do anything in the way of discounts soon.How business is to go on, or how business men who aredependentonbankingfacilitiesaretokeepupweareunable to tell. And what effect too .must it have onthe holders of produce ?—bow are they to turn theircropsintomoneywhichtheymusthavetogettheir anagreementmadebythe'Northto"deliverup"all "andwenowstandbyourarms.'" supplies? These are questions for thought and westitution, which, Gov. Brown considers is " a com-propriation of a million of dollars as a military fundfor the ensuing year, and that the reply should now be cessions were made by each State for the good of the to "every demand for further concession orcompro-" pact iii the nature of a treaty," by which certain con-whole. Among the returns for these concessions wasThe largest and most enthusiastic meeting ever held and that policy should be separate action. After that, " mise of our rights, 'the argument is exhausted, in Charlcbton assembled to-night at Institute Hall to we could with dignity solicit the concurrenceof others;ratify the call of a Convention by the Legislature. The gallerieswerefilledwithladies,andeverypartofthe building was crowded to suffocation.•in 'be room where the corpse lay at that time; Mr. Bennett,Mr. coln is our next President. We fear no evil from his Their failure to do so, and the obstacles some of the Washington dispatches say that at the Cabinet con- crowd was unable to gain entrance.>Vxn Spe«r, and Mr. Abson went up brat; the femaiea ail stuidinthekit-henuntilhd*daughtercameandinvitedu»up;then administration.Wedonotbelievethathewilltrample StateshavethrowninthewaybylegislationofsuchThe members of Congress could gain nothing by delay. Mr. Farrow, for the purpose of having the resolu- tions piinted, moved their postponement till 1 o'clockto-morrow. ' ,.Mr. Green moved to lay them on the table, because he did not believe they reflected the feeling and senti- ments of the body.Mr. Screven called the Yeas and Nays.•aid " O h ' Mrs. Mallett. 1 audered dreadfully laat week;" didnot awr particularly how ahe sufiered; saw her >riday morningabout half-peat 9; M r . Bennett, M r . Abson, M r . S>p«isr, M rs.Hudson. Mrs. Robinaon. and Mis* Augusta Smith; w « were.all The returns in have shown beyond doubt that Lin- ment Attorney Conner, and other leading men. A vastFrom The Fetertburg (Va.) Intelligencer, Nov. 10.that the fugitive might be recaptured within theirMrAbsonsaidifhehadanymoretosayhewouldpitchhim/Bennett) down stair*; w e ail then became very much excited,and1fearedtherewasgoingtobetrouble;Mr.Bennettasked fearedrebellionnowbeingpreparedforbvthem.We "rieswithhimhisslaveasabodyservant(whichhe Lincolnhad58majorityoverhiathreecompetitors. himwhvLedidnotfc»thimknow;Mr.A.saidhe could notlethim kno'w; that when she got *o bad h e called hi* daughter and* h e f e l l * » l e « p a g a i n f b e s a i d t h e r e a s o n t h a t h e l o c k e d t h e d o o r wa* bec*u»e hehad heard that the doctor wa* KOingto open her, and he wo* determined that it snould not be done; 1 told him tx^atifit wasanyone belonging to me 1 siwuld notobjectto th-ir ascertaining the cauM> of the dUease, for the beuefct of otners; hr said they should not try their expenmenta on her; ue«*udthatdoctor*gavedrug*,andoftenpoisonedpeople;Mrs. «Td*on said it w»» a very wronu thing for doctors to give poison; - ~in (I think ne did not do it intentionally,Mrl Aosom said, v O b . ,but it wa. often given to try experiments, not knowing the na- «»T*<,ftL,-.dis«a»«:M understoodhimtosoythatshewasworse SeeonpowdeTt'hatne gaveher;undemoodhimtosaythat ht » v e her a powder between a and 5*. and she was wor*, ri3utd r a g g e d i n t o i n c o n s i d e r a t e a c t i o n . that danger and distress are ahead.W e f e a r , h o w e v e r ,Represent, attres now met and sitting m General Atsembly, and by ths au-do hope that Virginia will not allow herself to be'.'.haBaamuchnaturalrighttodoasacitizenofMassa- " c h u s e t t s h a s t o c a r r y h i s b a g g a g e w i t h h i m w h e n he- " travels through Georgia), the laws ofthat State take " from him his property, and refuse to permit him to " bring it with him when he returns to his home."Heconsiders,therefore,that"bythelawofnations " and the law of Nature," it is the duty of Georgia, in such a case, to make reprisal, and to seize where-everitcanbefound,anyMassachusettsproperty,or property belonging to any of her"citizens, and sati3fy'The Senatorialand House delegationfrom South C a r o l i n a , F l o r i d a , a n d A l a b a m a , w i l l b e p r e s e n t a t t h e opening of Congress, but will withdraw from the halls if secession takes place during the session.A dispatch in The Express Btates that the South CarolinaDeclarationofIndependencewasplacedin t'ie hands of the President on Monday.Tie Times dispatch says:"ItisthesettledintentionoftheAdministrationtoallowSouthCarolinatotakeanypositionshe.pleases—suspend the Courts and stop all the mails, providedA BILL TO AU31 THE STATE. Sice-no* 1. Re it enacted by the Senate andfiouseofborders, but that they would catch and return them. mond resigned on Saturday.Therewerealsoorganizedmeetingsatvariouspoints MrBennettstoodattheheadOithet>ed,andMr.Absonatthe .ononrlights,butwillpursueavastlymoreconserva- renditionoffugitives,isanotherflagrantviolationof whileMr.Buchanan,intouchinglanguage,lamented outrideoftheball.Mr. Green tben withdrew his motion, and the reso- % lutionfc- were postponed. */•*'1he Senate sent to the House a bill to provide foot?celling a Convention of the people of this State, whichwas read for the first time in the House. Referred to **,-* m••foot • the female* atood at the aide of the bed; nothing was said tive "eourse than our politicians have endeavored to the prospect or possibility of a disruption during his for lo:nr> tin,*; Mr. Bennett looked at Mr. Abson and. .aid. impress upon the Southern mind he would pursue. Southern rights. To this point Gov. Brown devotes"Weftyouhavegotyourw«hatxast have'ntyouV nothing aconsiderableportionoftheMessage,relyinguponthe administration. Ofcoursenothing-wasdoneorpro- wa* said for some moments, when Mr. Bennett said, Y ou ro- Apart from this,_ifc are for submitting to the Constitu-When the speaker declared "This Union is dis- solved," the enthusiasm of the people was beyond bounds. Thev rose to their feet, threw up their hats, andcheeredtillhoarse.* * &•.."'..." Probably," he says, "the records of no State or Several Virginia Congressmen represent the senti-tionalexpressionoftheopinionofthemajority.We statuteofMassachusettstomake outhiscase. posedtobedone. •shall(should theUnion be preserved), support himinmeitberwhatyouaaidatmyhouselaatSaturday,thatshewould be dead before Christina*;*» Mr. Abaon told him to bestill and not **y anytbi .g that had trausplred beforo-hatd that if he did he sbouid never put his foot in- hisconstitutionalaction,andopposehimwhenhepur- "nationinCristendom,aremoreblackened withthe mentoftheState aseminently conservative,and.in meichantsand capitalists,alldeclaringtheirreadiness side 'of hi* door again; Mr. Bennett then, aaid he sues the opposite course. As to Virginia's vote wo are to sacrifice all in maintaiiing South Carolina's honor. Intendedtodoso:ailhe*»ked of him waswhen"hewastobe diKpoeedtogiveitup,andyield•to the opinion, that " deepstainofdisgrace,causedby awillful violation favorofsubmittingtothe election ofLincoln. Asan There-iBnolongerany possibledoubt thattheStateb»riedandwhere:Mr.A.toldhimhewouldnottellhim—he Mr.Breckinridgehascarrieditbyasmallmajority "ofpublicfaith,thanthisrecordofMassachusetts;" instanceofthestateoffeelingthere,itmaybestated willsecede.Palmettobannersaremultiplying.There mhsht bnd it out; Mr. Bennett then said he would see about it;werefireworksandilluminationsto-nightforjoy,the Minute Men parading from Columbia. " \Thestruggleiaover,andwearemerelyperfecting the eecestion arrangements. 'T h e S e n a t e u n a n i m o u s l y p a s s e d t h e H o u s e r e s o l u t i o n accepting Senator Chesnut's resignation. " •'The bill authorizing the banks to suspend specie pay-hereby authorized and required toiasue. in the name of the State, Mr. Trenbalm's resolutions passed, requiring the bonds oi stock to be countersigned by theController-General, for XJoverMr.Bell. Thisweregretdeeply. Wefearthat her course will encourage the cotton States in the muchwhereifaGeorgiamerchantgoes,"totrade,andcar-thatatOcoquan,whereaLincolnpolewascutdovrfn,been deceived, expecting that many of the laboringclass,andallthenegroes,wouldrallytotheirstandardwhatthosepowder*were;hesaidhedidnotknow; shethen so8oonasitwassetup? WhethertheDemocratic offendingState,eomuchofitasisnecessarytoin- plishedsecession. Whensecessionshallbenolongera policyjpithisStateinthepresentemergency.Now, makesuchpurchaseraamaybedirectedbytheBoardofOrd-asked himifthere wasanyleft; hesaid therewa*omj left, but be had burned it; 1 told him it waa a pity hehadburnedit,thatheoughtnottohavedoneso,bothemade noanswer; hedidnotaayinmypresencethatshehadpoiaoned berself; he»ddhewa-alonewithher;shelookedverypleasant and natural In death; I wan well acquainted with Mr*..Abson;politicianssointendedornot,thathasbeeutheeffect ofthepolicytheyhavepursued foryearsinVirginia, andthesoonerth'eyabandonitthebetteritwillbefor allconcerned. Itwould bestrange iftheoldWhigdemnifytheloseroftheslaveshallbeusedforthat purpose.Believing,furthermore,thattheself-respect ofthe people of Georgia requires that they should withdraw from aU Northern States who are thus untrue to their constitutional obligations, his Excellency advises the Legislature to enact a law, to take eflect after the 1st of January next, whereby the sale of all goods, wares, or merchandise, in that State, from the States of Massa-nowever,Ihavelittlehopeottheiradoptiou. Iam, satisfied that theConventionwill'becalleduncondi- tionally;andtopromotethatunity of action which issoimportant,itismyintentiou.tovoteforthebilLnance,hereinaftertobeprovidedfor.untiltheaaidbondsorstock have been sold, and tlw proceeds thereof doposited l a t h o Treasury, subject to the draftktt the Ordnance Omoer albre- s •sfd.I always took her to be a very good, moral woman; have tusret Early of Virginia, always owning, through its inem- Wad anvtbinxagainst iwr;Mr.Aosontoid Mr.Bennettwhile ersj not lees certainly than hall of the slaves, andthreat,butafact,itisunderstoodthatSouthCarolina willsendCommissionerstoWashingtontoarrangethe termsofseparation,whenVirginiawillproposeabasisof settlement,on which theConfederacymaybere-newed and continued. This basis will require that no I now move to lay my resolutions on the table. one be elected President unless he receive a majoritySEC. 5. That a Board of Ordnanc* be and la hereby estab- lished, to consist of the Governor of the State, the Adjutant and Insr-evtor-Geueral. and thre« other person* t o b e appointed b y the Governor; and that t h e Governor b e ,ex-offtcio President o f •did Board. And it shall b e tho duty o f the said Board t o deter- mine the condition of all ordnance, aounnuition, small arms, ordnance store*, gun-carriages, a n d other equipments, shot, shells, ice., belonging t o t h e State: and,' for this purpose, they shall have povor to call upon all Officer* of the State, w h o have such matters in charge, for reports on the condition, location, &.c., of such articles; aud the said Board shall have aocew to the arsenal*, magazmt^i, and other depots of the State, at snob time* a> they nhal! deem proper. ftSKCC.ThattheaaidBoardahaHtakethepropermeansfortha preservation of the articles before named, and for the storage and otherdiapOMdofthem,aadshalldisbursethefundraisedbythe sale o f the Bond* and Stocks tamed a s herein belbre provided for, inthepurchas*of snob improved firearms, ordnance,and. othermunition*ofwara*maybedeemedexpedientbythem, end the said purchases shall be under the direction and control o€ the said Board.k •i £ W e ^ V s t s i r * ; that if he bad .erved him right lie would have .hot him long a*» i 1 think that she was an ea-y-minded woman, lad t*ould be led by her huaband; have never heard her say that A»w».ti/^of Hie,only thatshe would notcare toliyeonly t^hVr^T^ldTcL; she was a devoted mother, and 1 thinkshe S^TrarS s u ^ danytkiugtohavebeen sparedwiththem; Iproperty in the State, should have been unsound upona question of such vital importance to them a n d totheir State. But w e know that the Democracy neverbelieved what they asserted, and it is about time thatthey should make t h e admission; retract the slandersThe resolutions were accordingly laid upon the table.W; USenator Harrison rose to advocate their passage. H e thought it due to the other Southern States that theS S£ S £ - M ^ S t ^ S l v T n e v e r heard A Mrs. Abson having a fit enty odd thousand Opposition men of Virginia—now*^^^K?^Jl!r.^veb*-ard report*againsthercharacter,but swelled,perhaps,toninetythousand,includingthoselevy such tax', h e considers, comeb within " the consti- " tutional exercise of her sovereign power of taxation."We rejoice to-think that, notwithstanding the noisy addition to . the influence such a law would election of Lincoln, constitutionally, affords no! justi-. Senators Cannon Of Spartanburg, Hope of Lexing-demonstration, and the calm determinatiou, also, of zueu lafiosoev£ tt© Soutfien. States, ih& iflterveuiinThave ia bringu*g theee State** to their senses, it wouldficatioh for the disruption of the Confederacy, and that there c&n. be no doubt the policyM the people ofton, andMcAhley of Chester, expressedtlieuwelveaui favor of defernnjj the day for the Convention as long'• - • * •• • •Untitled Documentwho,underthepretenseofbookselling,peddling,lee-cameup,tofilltheblankatftothetime, with\tBfJaf that should be most agreeable to the other Seaa*onfc| He wasfor conciliation, but be wasopposedtoaa resolutions. Hewantedthebilltogofortkraiti*Mf»-8 roelled by anythfog of the sort, and therefore mov«d that all the resolutions and amendments be laid npeathe table. TJris motion was carried. '.;;'. Senator Garlington of Newberry said he waa in-structed by the Committee on Federal Relation* totunng, preaching,&c,are scattering inflammatoryFrom>rw,i. day night by all classes of our citizens,- who thronged bad two stars, in compliment to the Union of Georgia" nees of night, theincendiary's torch to ourgin-housesi ACTIONOFSOUTHCAROLINA LEGISLATURE. The mbet intense anxiety was manifested on Tues- •' dwelling-houses, villages, and towns." Georgia,at the store of Messrs. Hayne & Yates. The latter our counting-rOom and the express office, till a late her Governor maintains, has a right to enaot such a and South Carolina. . 'report a bill oiling a Convention. H e moved that thm MoneyfortiePalmettoArmy. hour,tohearthetelegraphicreportsofthePreeiden-;penalcodeasherpeaceanddignityrequire.Andif TheRichmond Whig.haBbeenshownanovelin- bLnksbefilled,thefirstwiththewords"Seeotad tial election. In the course of the night, sufficient re- it be objected that such acts as he proposes infringe vention in the modeof loarding and discharging'breech- Mondty in J«nuary, 1561," the second with #*h#or by..each State acting for herself^ ia another question. Gov.BrownthinkseachStatemaydecideTenth; W e seelhat negroes in Virginia are to-day from 20to30percent lessvaluable,inthe marketthantheywerethreemonth* ago, and the depreciation is solely owing to the prospectexercise political privileges, recognize their inferiority,have no ambition beyond present comfort, and especially • . are devoted to their masters and mistresses, there is" little cauBe of apprehension of a rebellion." Indeed,Gallant sons of Carolina,O'er your head the Lone Star waves. '•iFight y e »«is, beneath that banner, Or /ore'er ye will^be slaves.but in the laboring people of the North. Should the North take up arms against the South, the white labor- ers, Go\s. Brown thinks, " will feel at liberty to re-" quire satisfaction for past injustice."Finally, in case of the success of the Republicanparty the Governor recommends that a call for a Conven-tion of the people be issued, and he promises to-cooper-ate with the Legislature in "any action, which in their"judgmentmaybenecessarytotheprotectionofthe" rights and the preservation of the people of Georgia'T H E NEW, DISUNION FLAGS.ference on Sunday Gen. Cass was affected to tears,asshe does not attempt to interfere with the public rev- immediately, was received with wild enthusiasm.purpose of their State to become the mediator betweenSenator Leseene—These resolutions, Mi. President, exprees what, after reflection, I regard asthetruetl.e sections when South Carolina shallhaveaccom-of both Teach] sections of the Union, and that n o l a wbe passed except by a majority of the members repre-eenring both [each] «ections-^-thus securing the ap-PrOyaTpf a majority of the whole peoplo in each case.Virginia wiD propose this as. fair to all, and offeringfull protection to North and South. If refused, then opportunity should be offered then to cooperate withzingMinute Men, Gov. Letcher, it is said, addressed him a note, hinting that he (Gov. Wise) was no longerWe quote from along screed these lines:tions, because h e believed they would prevent speed/ secession.Mr. McGowan had hoped that the resolution would paes without a dissenting voice. South Carolina w a s long ago satisfied with causes for dissolution, b u t r e - mained in the-Union, not because the causes were'not sufficient, but to arrange with her Southern sisters the day and the manner of going out; and cooperation h a t been her policy for ten years. H e referred to th» past action of the Legislature, and the sending a Commis- sioner to Virginia. The South had everything to unite her, and it would be the bight of madness not to units. In the history of Greece that awful chapter iu the Pelopocnesian war admonished them to unite; as did the history of Poland, modern Italy and Central America. All declared, united you stand, divided you would fall. He would abide the decision of the Convention.Mr. Mullins opposed the cooperation of South Carolina. He. had round that policy a total failure. A Commissioner, sent to Virginia, whose soil had been invaded, and her citizens murdered, to tender our sympathies, and invite her to take the lead in the for-mation of a Southern Confederacy, was received, per- sonally, with respect, but he was coldly informed they could not join South Carolina in defending her own rights. A» for Virginia, no indignities could be in-flicted upon her that would drive her to leadership ia defense of Southern rights. The indication was that if we waited for Virginia to lead, the institution of Slav- ery would be abandoned, State Sovereignty aban-. .Ready, for " Lincoln'* cattle** In all their boasted might;''.Fand w e hope in a few days to see hundreds of themunfolding themselves over our heads. No one at the we had declared to the world that this Union was" against t i e further aggressions of an enemy, Which," when flushed with victory, will bo insolent in tho which will be two stars—one for the gallant State of to call a Convention of the people to say what South TFlorida and the other for South Carolina.SOUTH CAROLINA. CHARLESTON, Monday, Nov. 12,1860.Carolina should do.. Mr. Mullins said, if the gentleman is willing to riskall with them, it was'an unwise policy to bend a Com- missioner anywhere, before South Carolina acted her- self. Thefirstactwastoannounce,ourownpolicy,* '.* >The outside meetings were addressed by leadingthe Committee on Federal Relations.Mr. Buist moved, that when the House adjourn, itstandadjournedtomeetto-niorrow,at12o'clock,m. Mr. Snnonton gave notice that to-morrow he wonld aek leave to introduce a bill to provide a police in rela-tion to persons coming from States hostile to the insti- tut ions of .this State. The Houne adjourned.The following is the bill reported by the Committee on the Military: '.*.'lments bas passed the House.SENATE.—Friday, Nov. 9.—The hour of 12j havingarrived, the special order (the resolutions of Senator Ordnance Officer {hereinafter provided for).The resolutions of Senator Harrison, in relation to Federal Relations, were noxt taken np.appointed the ajront of theState for the aalo.of aaid bond* or stock, IKAU authorized to sell the same at the marketvalue, and the said Bank shall furnish tha mean* to the Ordnanoo.Qtiioer t o ... i• • • • • • • • — .H i2_i-... —.•-.--- ...- i -_ J Li, •-•• •-r-•••-- 'I'liSlS I;'• •• ' •• -~~-~-•**f***aBatBsaB**sThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com— --•vf. :*•-••{ -"vy. -*•'•• ' -*••