 NEWYORKHERALD.*on, and the party has never recovered Man, the <hnatiana tm Twrkey. the Holy Places.thiscommunitythanthechurchesofotherde- mingbeforethecoostry. 4 M B *<KV"'KT,?/>T«G O R D O N B B * !• 1 » * . fcJ'iTii vNI> WUFWiifUa.from that rupture to this day. Thus it will beperceived that from the time of (Jen.Whenever th* governments i;1 Eastern and V\eetern Europe begin toexpress great concernnominations; end, viewed in this light, the pub- lished correspondenceoftheCityInspectorand Archbishop Hughes has been the means ofMr. Tra KTOX, (rep ) of N. J., ia of the people of New Jersey,vored a reososklarattoa of the voteBe wanted to remain here until the beaeRdal Dill ofSwe OoagreeiMr. Tanonnx, (rep.) of Ul runningindebt,withoutraisingaayextra_it. He was opposed to charging this debt oa posterity( V•itB-r*' *»#i^tii.irui. bath totarlmit ,tL'<MS. «*. Id) a * i MM* 4 / « * * steal* •'' •*•« 'of Dodworth's band, and the Park was perhapsmorefamiliarisedtothepublicbythoseenter-Ja judicious tariff.Mr.OotxAMsm,freo.)ofVt.,favoredrecoasideriagthe vote, end opposed giving Pennsylvania the tariff of IM S,•t.t.r nsfW, t7 p c animal • f; I f. H t*» T»*» J"*'«l '. 1 HEXA10. **»<»**»iitujtt n*rw W'IM- • ilor the spoil*. The obedient party masses the Cabinets are on the anxious seat regardingrecreations last summer were tbe Saturdaypropane any remedy. Be thought the boat pha was to change the democratic administration, aad put a Ma pmee an economical and honest one. Just as long sa theft•»jf ' •-••trt 'f tht M T U , if m-d. «•<" ' llift KoaKi'.N OOaSSafO* t*»T*IIrHALB tmWn •Ifoirttiit*( 7f* tttffesfOjro/nrfK. <•«>•*«•«<»; imp****'Down to and including the administration ofJohn Quincy Adams, when the whole expendi-tures of tbe general government did not ex-ceed thirteen millions a year, when official sala- whole labor, and to make all the inquiry with-tainments than anything etoe. Now the people as equal to tendering her a stone, where she has » ^ J for breed. ' ^ ^.'.C'»V«*»«i*»i<'» to K*AL *A* LBTTSSS **n FAI;*Mr. Henna, (dem.) of Vs., saw ae m u—111 for reeoa- sidering the vote, and proceeded to deaaoastrate that the present appropriation already paaa 'estimates of the Secretory of theby •trifle, and when all the reports of the C_ fereocehadbeenadopted,thesumofthetwould probably be less than thetsent revenue is fully equal to the ezpeases of thei meat.* **TA»\(*•*•)* Del.,thought thatarevtsfeaef the tariff would soon b e necessary, h a t <'raising ef M at question en the eve ef an Itost, calculated to attect the destinies ef the country. The time selected tor the adtostoateit was unwise. Bettor letthebUlbeToaoou^uaWnaitamio^ws^U^^favored some portions of the MerriS till, preferring kn some toetaacM a apieifle to an ad rstonn taty: ret he would never vetobes-oad the revenue point, t l i ajinKlilecturer.Mr. POLE, (dem.) of Mo., was opposed to all tariflk farNEWS FROM Wlt;«:ii. it"REVIVAL OF THE TARIFF BILL. made, contending that they would exceed the tftimetoeMr.CaMRBQM,(rep.)ofPa..advocated thenecessityef a reconsideration, and offered a resolution to extend the session till July 2ProgressofCongressontheAp- Mr.Sanaaofferedasanadditional argument,thatthe passage o f t h e Hemestead hill yesterday would decreasepropriation Bill».(> ST Ok.V '/Til * « * " • »»/ «t«i»!»W»'J» TWit do o f.yrl.il rr*,.-••<•.. rl rtrm*SkUtTSIf\MMKXKTNST. . w v e d ««*ry *nr: W w « M M ( ' **th>Wrr.*:.r HiRAin, FA«M.Vr HBBAL*. <M«•»'••"•ries were low, and when there was an unlimited out any foreign assistance whatever. Lordo> r ../•..wi oivt KJ.'i/run Kititimta,*:ui it,fieldtootheremployments,thespoilswerebut as a feather in the scales of our political strug- gles. Now, with an annual distribution of spoils ofone hundr-4 millions a year, with largely increased official salaries, fat jobs, the modern institution of the lobby, and with theprevalent evil of lazy nnd luxurious habitsJohn Russell and the London Post assume tobelieve that this is very generous and noble onthe part of the Turk, and must b e quite satisfac-tory to Russia and all others. The vigor ofthe Turkish official, when he chooses to bevigorous, is frankly acknowledged, and the.!•• I'HIS rtSO,tVvlumr XXVrj.'-td withneiitmm,rhmp*rmAMI SKMSKTB THIS Kvsimro.H1HUVW UARftRM. Krea*way.-LAI»v <* Orm.Tic *ASBBtrSB-L* CAFmB.BOWFRY THKATRR, fcmary.-Rasuauaw-DOM i s B4JJI--TO O W N »*»«©•.among our young men, the power of the spoilsbelief is expressed that "evil cannot lie deeper every Saturday evening. Large as the numberhan is within the power of the government to of visiters fa now , toe addition of the regularremove," although, perhaps, against "bwuber-: weekly concert would multiply it tenfold. dinate officials and a half fanatical minority ofW1XTKR OABftlQI, Broadway, Ot-:. I'UADTATUMI.to a degree which is irresistible. ItisuponthisrockthatthedemocraticpaTty hecivilpopulace."protection, butadvocated a change ef that of ISM,aad would, therefore, vote lor a raoosaiAerattoa.JU. 174Gmu*.about 500 head more than last week, and prices ranged from CjC. t o i»c, with occasional sales a t a trifle above 9c. Milch COWK were steady. Veals were dull but unchanged. Sheep and lambs wereterday afternoon, dlsmtased rom the force > tic Coles, of the Broadway .<oad, and W. ti. Dean.doorman, for violating the ru«».n.iek.ofthe Seventeenth ward, w a s fined thirty day*'pay. The harbor potiee were re jnes-ed to reportthenumber ofboatstheyhaveinu*\and Then pre-ent condition. It w a * a l w resolved *h.it duplicate* of the portraits in the "Rogue's Gallery" be piaetd in every station house in the city.The New York Phi Beta Kappa Society lu.u their ftTMt anniversary last evening, in the Sew York !niversity, Judge Woodruif presiding. Avery alle «»d learned oration, on the subject of be philosophy of hiatory in rel iiion to civilization, wa» delivered by the Rev. Dr.Hitchcock, Profetworin the Union Theological Seminary. A t ita conclu tdon the Society passed a vote of thanks to the ora tor. and requested a copy of the oration for publi- cation.The market for beef cattle w a s heavy yesterday,at a decline of 4c. a \c per lb. There-were OH sale; o>e> uur politicians and parties has IncreasedMUSIC IN THE CSNTBAL PARK.—Among the TM"IJS^"' W ) of N.p., said h» agreed with the Such is the case at the present moment. All most charming features of tbe Central Park Illinois Senator en the (acta, but Mr TramboU AM astis breaking to piece*. Coupled with this disas- LAI R* KHRMw* THRATRR, Ro. «M Broadway.-Gov steady, at from $3 to *4 a $6 per head. Swine trous condition of the democracy, the grandThere may be people who will agree with Lord John Russell and the Post as to the ge- nerousofferoftheTurktorelievetheChristian consuls of all the trouble of making an official inquiryintotheconditionoftheirBoreligton- ists in Turkey; but we hardly believe thatMr. Samoa*, (rep) of R .I., compared the estimates ef the Secretory ef the Treasury with the appropriationsB M I i Wirs—<n>* JAPAVSSB EMBASSY.KKW BOWKRT THEATRE. Bowery—Naw lsffli—Isruiais Paiscsr—MICHAKL Ksia.were in demand a t advanced rates, ranging from idi» ot a new divisi< n «>f the spoilsVill, in allHAUNCH* ARERIOAM MUSST/M. Bwedwey.-Day sad Emtio*—LMUI»-OUR OLDBoon At Hon—LITINU Co- *U.->.T1B», «C.the revenue from the public lands.Mr. JOHNSON, (dem.) of Teaa., denied this.Mr. DAVIS, (dem.) o f Miss., said h e had always beenY O M 1*5ic. toti^c. per lb. There were on sale 4,002 beef cattle, I'M milch cow*, 1.158 veals, 8.609 sheep and lawn* and 3,2M swine.IV cotton market »«s inaetiw, while the Kales werec.*ftnrO tn a few hundred bale*.. cWug ;>u the basis ofprebabilitj . make "Old Abe Lincoln" our next PitB-.dent. But as the scramble for the spoils in the case of poor Pierce broke up his party in thefi:-stsummer of his administration, and as the same debasing squabble over the spoils;BKTAWTHRIBBTRRLA, Rtoaauto* H*a, «B Btmdw*,.- 10*'c. fi " n> !l;ng upliuels. The i.-viuU al the port*found among them.the conduct of his turnkeys. Some of the curi-ous inquirers may think their o w n eyes a n dears will do just as well, if not a little better,than the unaccompanied "vigor of the Turkishofficial." Then, again, there are certain pointsin the matter which lead us more strongly tothk opinion. The Russian Cabinet made a The Senate to-day reconsidered the vote whereby itpostponed Mr. Morrill's bill on the tariff, aad opened the question with the tariff of 1848. The Senate ordered the reading of the interesting document as a test of endu- rance, b u t long before the Clerk concluded t h e Senate be-SOWM. DAJIC««, 4 a - W » C o m FBOB TII«^IIX». Hnre »t- H A-pteuiN-r UuU Uavi- reached ahntil 4.410,000 resulted in a conspiracy or two to rule or ruin MIBl/V* 8AIiO<>!t, Bro»dwmy.-a«o. CHBISTTS Xt»- hales, agamst 3,617.000 in 1*59. and 2,968,0» in 185a. Mr. Buchananbeforehewstsinaugurated,soweMr. H a r m had never been aware that the tariff ef 1867 was passed b y fraud and corruption. He had neverM U M l « UAJKBS, ' T U i t Tto.—JATAJIBMThe e»i>urt* in t b e name tniK- have r*'acb-<l 3,625.000 may expect that before Mr. Lincoln is warm inTKMPtit OF MAGIC, * U Bra«4«my•—IWATtOKAL OOUCKRT RAXOOV, KAUOOAI TfcMttre.-bale.*. i.«a:u-t 2,730.000 in 1KM. and 2,256,000 in 1858 Tbe *i<*k o«i II.IIKI amount- t<< <!>"iit 290,000 l>tk->,ag.Uual 292,000 it: 1869, and 364,000 ;n 1858. The flour market vtati a*,.»m t)rm<-r, with s K">*l demand f'»r export auJ home use, ;»nd cl'>se<J at an advance for some de-the White Mouse chair his party will be scattered to the four winds, and all because tho supply of offices will be less than one to ten of the demands. The disappointed will bolt for aAc.,sylvania, & c . ,A c .That bill passed with a very large vote in bothHe proceeded to show that it was wise to postpone the tariff until the next session, a s tbe revenue was now fully equal to all appropriations.Mr. Tocanw, (dem.) of Ga, did not believe any corrup- tion was used to get the tariff of 1857 through He had beard it alleged that $7©,000 was spent by tbe lAwreaces to get the duty off of wool in the House. He did not know it to be true. He voted for the tariff of lseT, andDAJKat,rALACTt OABMW,—BAIXOOS AJCIIT .-iri»tk«» of 5c. a 10c. per barrel Wheat w&B new division; the outside party will next suc-Oar Special Washington Despatch. WASHINGTON, June 20,1860.rOBWRIt OF TH1RTWBTTH OTRKn AJID rOURTH A V KNUR.—CAUMOftlAMr. WILSONsaid he had no idea that any Influence of money obtained the passage of the tariff of 1867. That money was raised for that purpose no one doubts, bat be knew it was not used on the members. There was a clam of lobby agents who lived in Washington and sold the votes of Senators and members who were unconscious of it, and simple minded men, who wanted a change ia the tariff, thought they must satisfy these lobby agents. It was raised under their influence, by representing to the people that they had influence with members, when they had none. Some of the purest men before him had their names coupled with corrupt measures, entirely uacon- scious of the fact. These lobby agents had operated to similar cases this session.The vote w a s then taken, and t h e motion t o reconsider the postponement of the bill to the next session was agreed to, as follows :—YSAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blrler, Bright, Cameron. Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis, DooUttle, Keweodea, Kitch, Foot, Foster, Hale, HamUm. Harlan. Kennedy, Kiug, Lane,Latham,Kicholaon.Polk,Powell,Seward,rimnaom, TenEyck, Thompson, Trumbull, Wade, Wuktnsou and Wil- son—Si.NATS—Messrs. Bayard. Bragg, Brown, Chestnut. Fiupatriek, Green. Uwin. Hammond, Hemphill. Hunter, Iveraon, Jonasoa of Tennessee, Mailory, Mason, Rice, Toombs, WigxaU a s *Sew York, TlMMrMttUhjr,5*1, I860.formal communication to the representatives atSt. Peteiaburg of the /parties to the treaty ofParis on the 5th of May, of the pointsit had raised with the Sultan, and came impatient, and at three o'clock adjourned to meet atThe New*.The KteamahipUnited Kingdom,fromGlasgow»thin»t.,arrivedintheBTerStLawrenceyester-day . The news is two days later than the accounts l,.ndon 8,000 a 10,000 bbb. flour at 2= 3.1 » 2 8 1 . brought by the City of Washington, and is of animportantcharacter.Sir John Crampton thought the subject of suffi-cient importance to remit the entire contents ofthe Russian note to London by telegraph. Thepoints taised are: first, that the condition of theeleven to-morrow.TUK TWF.NTT MILLION LOAN.The question of the loan is not yet decided, being in a very unsatisfactory position.THE ClVU. APPROPRIATION BILL.The House non-concurred in the Civil and MiscellaneousHieKingofNapleshadappealedtothefivegreat Fowero to intervene to check the victorious pro- grcw <>f Garibaldi in Sicily, promising to proclaimThe Bsvlttmore ConvenOlon—The Political Paittea of the D»y »nd the Spoils.Christians in Turkey has become intolerable;second, thnt an inquiry mu&t be issued jointly Appropriation bill to-day,because the Seuate,under the leadthat in a brief space of time the Bourbon dynasty frill have ceased to rule in Southern Italy.Tbe date of the departure of the Great Eastern forNewYorkhadnotbeendecidedon.The postponement of the Convention from AprilThe capitulation between Lanza and Garibaldithe Christians, a new one must be provided.seceding delegates, and admitting to the Conven-tion the Douglas delegate* from Louisiana, Alaba-ma,GeorgiaandArkansas.TheDouglasmenfigure anabstractioncalledsquattersovereignty.InOf the ce-e. that no organization to protect theTHK PRINTING BtTUAC BILLThe friends of the Printing Bureau bill, which hasup nearly enough votes to nominate their favorite,but it is believed they are merely reckoning theirchickens before they are hatched. The CredentialCommittee will report this morning, when a battle val some unexpected accident may interpose to royal between the factions will commence. Fromboth bouses, except the one of the Senate $300,000 for the New Orleans Custom HouseThe Senate receded from that amendment. IBB TAJUPY « i ,appropriatingpresent indications, the Convention will end in halfa dosen splits. The proceedings of the delegatesoutside of the Convention have been of a decidedlyrowdy character. No less than two affairs of honorand one rough and tumble barroom fight are de-scribed in our despatchesfromthe scene of action. of the explosion, but there are others be-»!llce MrCor. trained by platforms and constitutional ab- stractions to their d-'ti i of patriotism, in order thattheirleadersandmanagersmayfatten upon the spoils.the proposed intervention between the Sultan and his Christian subjects; and the inquiry which the Russian government desired to bare placedinthehandsoftheConsulsofthe greet Powers has been for a while headed off by the spontaneous action of the Turkish go- vernment, volunteering to take upon itself theevening concerts. The people went up there extravagant democratic administration in k i t topower, they would spsad all they oouli get, aad to adds bythethousandstolistentothedeliciousstrains lton borrow«S«hatcouldbeloaned Hewasinhvoroftn K1**1 request, and the market closed at firmer puces.torn w a s without change of moment, while sales weretolerably active. Pork w u in fair request, but gouiewruatirregular, with sales of new mess at $18 « $18 12'^, and1a" new prime at $13 25 a $13 50. Sugar.-, were steady, promises henceforward to be the established with salts of about 1,000 hbds. and 400 boxes, at rat-.•*(riveu in another cuiumu. Coffee * » « firm, with light ?aU? Freight* were stea:ly A long th* engagements wen 10,000 b'ishete wheat in balk to Liverpool at 7,'id.,Tofwub 250baloscotton at5-32d ,and bacon at-J2-.6i.The work of the dismemberment of tho demo- cratic party, so promisingly begun at Charles- ton, has been renewed at Baltimore, with every/ o f the Chairman o f tbe Committee on Military Affairs, load- by the Turkish officials and the consuls of the ed tbe bill down with amendments, among which was foui Powers ; third, that the organization of one placing Captain Meigs, who is an army officer, with- thetreatyofParisbeinginefficienttoprotect outthereachoftheSecretaryofWar,andgivinghim most extraordinary powers as superintendent of the con- struction of the water works. The action of the House wasThe proposition of Russia here is unequivo-tnunedlately the constitution of 1852; hut all oftheinhaddeclinedtointerfere,anditispredicted indicationofaMississippisteamboatexplosion. domwehavetwodayslaternewsfromriicily.NEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1860.<>fourCntornHousebyCollectorBron- TheF»HtirnHuention*gain—TheSick theCatholicchurchtoobtainmorepowerin seatcircumstanceshetli.in.ka*notju4sriinstthisBoard,andthatittook that ground since the removal of (Juarantine.Tbe subject was referred to the Counsel of theBoard. The number of emigrants arrived duringthe week numbered 2,376, making a total of 43,507 Jaek^on down to this hour the spoils have been for the condition of the Christians in Turkey, creating no little excitement, ; for the present year. The commutation balance i* the underlying aad controlling element of we always know that "the sick man of Europe''CKMOIorMxsaxrAS»•nw*-f. now$2»,3H86*. all our political elections. Party leaders The Police Commiaaionera, attheir meeting yes- and party managers live and labor onlyis experiencing another relapse.to June, which thefriend*of Mr. Douglas vainly had been formally concluded, and the par-imagined would bring "the sober second ticularsin brief have reachedus. Thestate-thought" of the secedero to a graceful surren- ment that the King of Naples had invokedjust, inasmuch a s Captain Meigs was put forward more incal, theproposedmethod of verifyingitseems the spirit of opposition tothe Secretary of War than Yulee—ISAt Liverpool cotton was dull at irregular prices.The Democratic National Convention at Balti- der, has operated only to widen and deepen the the intervention of the five great Powers tofair, but the remedy is ambiguous. In the first from any desire to administer the government economi-The bill being before the Senate, Mr. LANE, (dem.) of Oregon, offered a substitute for tbe bill, when both weremore transacted no business yesterday, the Com- mittee on Credentials not being ready to report A majority of the Committee on Credentials have,chasm which divides the conflicting factions.Mr. Douglas has played a bold, persevering anddesperate game. He has lost it. His fatal mis- favoring an insurrection on the mainland, isplace no concern is felt for the Christians else- cally. But the virtue of the House did not last long. laid aside informally to consider the amendments towhere loan in European Turkey; then, the in- One or two lectures brought the members to their senses, THE POST OmCK PBHCIKNCT ULL.A Committee of Conference was ordered on the bill, thesufficient organization of the treaty of Paris em- and tbe vote killing the Appropriation bty was recon- Senate disagreeing to many of the amendments.the last six years, has been that misty ghost ofpursuit of it he has swamped -himself and his plied that mediation was only possible betweenparty. The success of the republican ticket inNovember fa thus secured, unless in the inter- cially recognized the Sicilian revolution heprevent i tBut these present discords of the democraticcould not undertake to mediate between him and its chiefs. England returned for answer that she did not intend to interfere in the con- fiict,'except to stop the eflusion of Hood, and that without taking part on either side; but she promised to recommend Piedmont not to aid inin affecting to consider that Russia will be satis- fied with the volunteer offer of Turkey to look into the matter by herself.The establishment of the Printing Bureau is the result of public opinion, and is due in an eminent degree to the efforts of the HERALD, which has doue more to break up the corruption of the lobby here than all other influences combined.The consideration of the Tariff bill was resumed, bat without definite action. The Senate,on voting to adjourn, tound itself without a quorum.Adjourned till eleven o'clock to-morrow.House o f Represent at 1ves. WAjBflXQTOjr, June 20, lS6tparty are not wholly chargeable to Mr. Doug-las, bill.nor to his disastrous Kansas-Nebraska These are the more immediate causesWe more incline to the belief that the motiveswhich have stirred up this question about theChristians in Turkey have more to do with their tures of Gov. Winslow's minority report from theceed; and this, until the demoralizing influences of the spoils shall have hurried us into dissolu- tion and anarchy, or a military despotism,order of things.Mr. Douglas is only repeating the volt o VanBuren. and the fire-eaters are only retorting nponhimthegameofGreeley—nothingmore, hut that will do. St/ward and Douglas will re-turn home in the same train.The Sicilian Revolution—Reply o f t h e Eutoptan Powers to the Demands ot N tt p l e a .IBS TARDT BILL UVTVKD.believed it to be the best adopted in forty years. approved by all free traders of the world.It wasBy the arrival of the steamship United King-guarantee the integrity of his dominions, and to use their influence to prevent Piedmont fromsidered, and it passed; but it remains to be seen whether braces only Moldavia and Wailachia; and, the constitution has not been violated in the legislationTHE OVERLAND MAIL BILL.Mr. LATHAM, (dem) of Gal., moved to take up the Over-land Mail bill. Yeas, 14; nays, St. Not agreed to. TBE O v a APPKOPK1ATTON BILL.Mr. TOOMBS, from tbe Conference Committee, made a report oa tbe Civil Appropriation bill, stating that an agreementhadbeenarrivedat ontheamendmentsefby a vote of 16 to 9, adopted a report rejecting the take, with all its variations and vicissitudes of confirmed The answer of Louis Napoleon, finally, it is pretty evident, from the antecedents of to-day.whose interterence was more particularly so- licited,wa*promptandcharacteristic, liere-ChristiansinTurkeywillbeheldbyRussiaas passedCongress,areonthealert,Ithavingbeencircula- entirely satisfactory unless it extends the sove- ted about the Capitol to-day that the President intends to reignty of the Czar over them. Under these veto that measure. The spoilsmen engaged in the print- Circumstances we can hardly believe that Lord ing corruptions, Bowman & Co., are trying to get up this John Russell and the London Post are sincere impression. Of course there is no truth in the rumor.two Powers, and unless the King of Naples offi-A NEW TWINTT-OMB MILLION LOAM BILL.Mr. DAVB, (S. opp.) of Md., from the Committee of Ways and Means, asked leave to report a bill authorizing the President a t any time within twelve months to bor- row, on the credit of the government, a sum not exceed- IndemnifyingMessrs.Hockaday&Leggettforlosseshavebroughtaboutthesameresult,withtheexceptionOfAustria,whichholdsnoflie"sickman"isinastateofrelapse,hisex-tothisgentlemaninthemorningpapers,inform- ingtwenty-onemillions,orsomuchthereofasinhisopi- nion the emergencies of the service may require, to be used in the redemption of Treasury notes now outstanding. The stock shall issue bearing an interest of six per cent,Office Department of the Salt Lake mail service.Conference committees were ordered on the dis- untouched to the present day. The spoils, and nearly similar terms.he will review his report in a series of letters. The re- liorate the condition of the Christians will make port seriously troubles not only Forney but the black re- the government peculiarly unpopular, and* at a publicans. It presents to the country a bad record of dangerous moment, with "the insubordinate their operations before the committee, and they will at-and the loan shall be reimbursed within a period not be- yond twenty nor less than ten years. The Secretary of the Treasury shall be authorised, with the consent of the President, to cause certificatea of stock to be prepared by the Register for the amount so borrowed, which certificates may be transferred on the books of the Treasury, under such regulations as may be established. No certificate is to be for less than $1,000. Coupons may be attached to the certificates, and assigned and transfer- red by the delivery of the same instead of being transfer- red on tbe books of the Treasury. Sealed proposals by advertisement are to be invited, and tbe most favorable oilers by responsible bidders are to be accepted N e stock is to be issued for less than par value, for which the faith of the United States is pledged for the redemption of principal and interest.THE RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.Mr. WABHBURNE, (rep.) of Dl., moved to suspend therules in order to take up the River and Harbor bill. Dis- agreed to—106 against 61—not t*o thirds.NEW LAID DumUCIS. Mr.THATER,(rep.)ofMass.,movedtosuspendtherulesto take up the bill to constitute Jeflerson and Nevada land districts, and providing for delegates in Congress. Dis-agreeing amendments to the Navy Appropriation and Port Office Deficiency billa. The Civil Appro- priation bill was passed, the appropriation of $300,000 for the New Orleans Custom House having been struck out. A motion to take up the Over-land Mad bill was rejected by a vote of 14 to 27.Amotiontoreconsiderthevotewherebythecon-sideration of the Tariff bill was postponed wasthe ravenous appeFites of the party leaders, aspirants, expectants, drummers and trum- peters, sappers and miners, and cooks, scullions and camp followers of the party for the spoils, would, sooner or later, have done the work.The real trouble which has broken up the democracy was introduced as the ruling idea of the party a quarter of a century ago, in thatFrom the tenor of these declarations on the part of the great Powers, it is evident that the Bourbon dynasty has nothing to hope for from foreign interference. Nothing could have saved it from the forfeiture which it has eo justly in- curred by its crimes but the energetic interpo- sition of France and England. Austria darea not indulge the inclination she feels to furnishofficials and the half fanatical minority of the tempt to answer it.made by Mr. Bigler, and after a lengthy discussionwas adopted by a vote of 32 to 18. Mr. Lane offer- demoralizing battle cry of Marcy, that "to it with material aid. In the first place sheed a substitute for the bill, and the subject was de- bated till the adjournment.cutive and Judicial Appropriation bill, to which theloan is attached as an amendment, reported that party in 1840 than its wasteful and recklessTBE LOAM BILLS TBROWH OCT.Mr. STEVENS, (rep.) of Pa., objected to tbe report of theloan bill, no matter where it came from.Mr. DAVISmoved a suspension of the rules. Disagreedto—100 against 66—not two-thirds. PBJVATS LAND CLAIMS.The House passed the bill for the final adjusteaent of Srivate land claims in Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas andliasouri.A PAT JOB FOR TBE HUNTS*Mr. GVBLBT, (rep.) of Ohio, from the Committee enPrinting, reported a resolution that 60,000 extra copies ef the reports of the Comniittee on Expenditures in tbe Navy Department, and the resolution thereon adopted by the House, with a like number of the majority and minority reports, and the testimony taken before tbe Committee of Public Expenditures relative to the public printing be printed for the use of the House, provided these resorts, resolutions ana testimony be bound in one volume with the reports and testimony of the Covode Committor.after to-day the California mails will cease to be carried bywayoftheIsthmusofPanama.IntheabsenceofthousandcopiesoftheCovodereportorderedtobetheyhad notyetagreed,and askedtimeforfar-ther deliberation. A separate bill providing for the been sufficient to defeat it.loan was brought forward, bat the Hoase refused to entertain it.meanor. Therefa a second Indictment against the defendants for misdemeanor, charging the same of- fence , upon which the Court will render an opinion feefore the close of the term.The Board of Education had another exciting last evening. The subject of their meeting a religious one m ite bearings, being the recent of the Protestant teachers in the Fourthirard. The Board, after much warm debate, adopt- in the camp concerning the spoils, and the ter-reaointion appointing a special committee of .the trouble and itstheygraated four thirty dollars.a billfora Hospital,andplained that bfa bfll had been before the Board for several weeks without action being nod upon it, mod informed thorn of bfafaPBRlliin« •notheappropriatetribunal"withoutdelaycompton coRotttutkm, but upon the question of recognizes the revolutionary element as one of the division of the spoils of victory accruing to (he gitut European powers. The triumph thusis a very serious business.The Protestant clergy, perhaps, do not careMr. YruB, (dem ) of Fla., hoped not, aad trusted the Superintendoncy was stricken oat. It was violative ef Senate will continue on the Appropriation bill. the provisions cf tt^eonetttutmn.Mr. Bmusa preferred to settle the question now. The Mr. SMBKBAN said Ike committee en the part of toe House made the beet bargain tb. y could with the deasa-the victors belong the spoils." The spoils, in-deed, began to be recognized as the legitimatesinews of war in the terrible struggle of Gen. self compelled to make concessions to the popu-In the House the Civil and Miscellaneous Appro-priation bill was passed. Also the bill for the final Jackson with the United States Bank; but it lar demands in Hungary to avert a similar out-was under the administration of Martin Van break there. She has, therefore, been obliged, Louisiana,ArkansasandMissouri.The120,000,000 Burenthatthepartyinpowerwasfirstleftto muchagainstherwill,toactinconcertwithadjustment of private land claims in Florida,loan proposition i s still a troublesome question. stand or fail upon nothing better a n d nothing The Conference Committee on the Legislative, Exe- else than the spoils. Thus, had the oppositionGreek Christian, and strives to bind him to theraised no other issue against the democraticright of way across that isthmus, has been agreed to inuses and abuses of the spoils, that would haveAs H was, the whig party rode into power as upon a whirlwind; but in 1844, in con- sequence of the death of Harrison andcupied in laying from island fortress to island fortress, along the bed of the ocean, the electric cable that shall safely bind her distant posses- sions to the British isles. She sees the elements of a continent struggle preparing against her in the East, and she turns her hopes to the ocean, and westward to the land which she knows willawpkion of being about to engage in the slave tary glory of General Taylor, and the rebellion seen whether their inaction w as compelled by cir- not fail her when she is in the right, and whenThe schooner Mariquita, Barrett, for Bio Congo,coast of Africa, was towed to aea yesterday morn-ing, and immediately after discharging her pilot the quarrel with Tyler, and the Texas annexa-was boarded by Deputy Marshals Tomer and tion question, and the spoils, they were defeat-Wilson, from the steamtug L N. Seymour, ed, and the democracy were reinstated aroundtaken charge of, and towed back to the city, on the fleshpots of the Treasury. In 1848 the mili- popular self-assertion. But it remained to bebession, and have been killed b y the ship companies and their agents.capitalo fthesteam-trade. She is a clean, sharp looking craft, and no doubtaveryfastsailer.Shefareporteda*beingcauseswhichresultedinturningoutthedemo-broughthometothembytheeventsof1848andcleared at the Custom House by L. Kenna. She fa at anchor off the Battery.In the General Sessions yesterday the Recordercracy again to grass. But it was the craving desire o f the whlgs for the spoils that led themthe inauguration in France of the principle ofelective sovereignty, as exemplified in the per-son of Louis Napoleon The declarations justlegislation by Congress to maintain this mail route, the department does not feel authorised to make temporary provision to continue it.DEATH OT MR. SCHWARTZ.printed yesterday will cost sixty oants a copy, and the printing now proposed would cost ten cents additional, or seventy cents per volume.On motion of Mr. BURNETT, (dem.) of K y , an amend- ment was agreed to to include the majoity report made last session by Mr. Boeock, on alleged corruptionsHoaahed an indictment for felony found against Wm. to set aside the foremost statesman of the ageOf Martin Van Buren, were accredited as the cumstances, or was the result of convictionsthe foeJ of freedom are her foe3.EXCITEMENT IN THE RELIGIOUS WORLD—ARCH- BISHOP RUUHKS AND THE CITT INSPBCTOR,—The correspondence between the City Inspector andMr. GCBLEY, in response to inquiries, said tbe hundredthe nominee of the Baltimore Democratic Con- vention. »testant denominations. These gentlemen a r eIn 1852 Seward and his dangerous sectionalprogramme on the slavery question did mnchto break up the whig party; but the party might against the punii-ient due to their wanton have survived that defeat—might even haveescaped a defeat—but for the distracting causesexempt from the fulfilment of the law in thisdevotion to his principles and constituents. His deter- mination to stand to his post in the House aad adhere to his duties undoubtedly caused h is death.THK SARDINIAN MISSION.rible pressure outside the camp for a newdistribution of the spoils. So, in 1856,necessity for a new division of the spoils wouldhave defeated the democracy but for the per-sonal popularity o f Mr. Buchanan in Pennsyl-vania, and the saving intervention of Fillmoreas a third candidate. Had Fillmore withdrawnupon the nomination of Fremont, the latterwould have been elected; but Fillmore, likeTon Buren, hod on account to aettk with some courses which hava resulted hi bloodshed and of bfa old party associates in the uaportantso either. The Archbishop declares that he is • ready for the prison or the scaffold" rather than obey the law, and it appears that there are a dozen or more clergymen of other persuasions also ready for the prison or the scaffold, if any favor be shown the Archbishop.game's bill.T H I R T Y - S I X T HFIRST SESSION.Sestavte. Vibut the old provision to exchange tlieoi for Spanish pieces s repealed; twenty-five thousand collars are appropriated 0 convert the old Senate chamber into a Supreme Court 00m, and half a million for the Washington aoquoduet, tobe expended under Oapv MeigsThe report was rejected—77 against S tMr. BBABCB, (dem.) of N. C , said there were twenty orhirty items in the bill be utterly disapproved ef. Whenbe discovered that gentleman who had loaded down t h e he discovered that gentlemenbill with amendments and rendered it odious refused to concur in the report, he changed bis vote to the negative. He moved to reconsider the vote by which it was rejected, ia order to give them an opportunity to retracematter ofthe spoils,and,like VanBuren,he sofafajiltanarchy Tbe reply just given to the demands of Naples extinguishes any further delusions of this sort It admits that in diplomacy as welland contract by the Department, was takes up, discuued and passed.democrats to the Senate had aaireaeed the asaouat to tht extent of two aUBioiMi, wtole U» OjasmHtoe «ff Wars aad Mean* bad decreased the Depsrtoaont estimates Mew the gentleman from North Carolina aad others refused tofomenting insurrection ia the peninsular posses-sion* of the King of Naples. The other Powers, political than with their religious condition, Covodc Committee, will to-morrow publish a letterIn Congress yesterday the Senate passed the bill hind them which, a little later, wouldin consequence of the alteration by the Post had the Missouri Compromise remained diplomatic relations with Piedmct, replied in chequer is bankrupt, and any attempt to ame- ing him that after the adjournment of Congresstheir right to annex themselves to Sardinia, it was felt that an important victory bad been gained over the traditional policy of tbe continental so- vereigns. The old theories which had governed the international relations ol Europe were vir- tually set aside by their toleration of that act ofvantages for a railroad across that country, and report relative to the quantity and quality of coal found there.THE OVKKLAND MAIL SERVICE.Steam has beaten horseflesh in carrying the mails toCaliioroia. The overland mail projects are at an end thisHclntyre and J. C. Tecker for an alleged attempt for "a nomination not fit to be made;" and it made by the great Powers in reply to the de- Archbishop Hughes, relative to the registry of Hon. John Schwartz, member of Congress from Old in the Navy Department.to bribe Alderman Brady, on the ground that the was the disappointment of V an Buren and hisGrand Jury have no power tofindan indictment adherents concerning the spoils that ended inlor felony when the offence fa only a misde- his running as an independent candidate againstmands of Naples would go to establtsh the lat-ter conclusion. They acknowledge, if not in ex-press terms, at least by implication, the right of munities and the clergymen of the various Pro- insurrection as tae last re*>ort of the peopleagainst oppression. When a clear case ofunendurable wrong h a s been made out theyBerks, Pennsylvania, died at ten minutes to eleven o'clockto-night. His death will be announced in the House to-morrow, and that body will adjourn, and his funeral willtake place on Friday. Major Schwartz was about the ageof the President, and was the immediate successor ofGlancy Jones. He won many friends in the House by his the Senate's twenty-one million loan amendment, oawill not interfere to protect its authorsparticular, and many of them are determinedti.at unless Archbishop Hughes L compelled toabuse of power. This Is all that the friends of popular liberty in Europe have ever sought Had it been conceded sooner it would have spared a vast amount of suffering and blood-register the marriages celebrated by bis clergy, Representative Winslow's name is mentioned in con-shed, b yclined the prospect of being brought to a cer- tain and severe account for their misdeeds. It was the conviction that, as parts of a system, they were necessary to what is called Euro- pean order, which rendered BO many of the putty continental despots Indifferent to public opinion, and induced them to persevere inholdingbeforet h etyrannically in-populace." The Christian pilgrims are pouring forth from Turkey, und preaching a religious crusade through all the southern and middle provinces of Russia. The war in the East for the holy places is not yet over. A worn outIt is rumored that the President is preparing a docu- ment, which will be sent to the country, showing up the objects and intentions of the whole pack of maligners who have endeavored covertly to injure and defeat his admin- istration.REPORTS FROM SOUTH AMERICA.The government received voluminous despatches thisIslamism must retire across the Bosphorus, and morning from South America. They contain, however, still resist, if it can, the return of the banners of uothing of special importance. It was understood in cir- Christ to Bethlehem and Jerusalem. When the cles entiUed to credit that the difficulties between France " sick man " retires who shall inherit the broad %nd Peru had been satisfactorily adjusted, and it was alsobelieved that the pending difficulties existing between the lands he now rules in Europe ? United States and that government would be amicably ad- That is the question which all are preparing justed upon a basis entirely honorable to both govern- toanswer. Russiastirsthereligiouszealofthe ments. NointelligencewasreceivedbythismailfromCentral America.the other Powers, who have shown a properdeference to public opinion by leaving thequarrel between the King of Naples and his edge of the sword that would separate them.subjects to be adjusted between themselves. France seeks to cut through the Isthmus of conference committee to-day, so far as the contract madeWhen the people of Central Italy extorted Suez, and to fortify herself opposite to Aden at by the Secretary of the Navy is concerned; and tea thou-from the European Powers a passive admission of the mouth of the Red Sea. And England is oc- sand dollars is appropriated to employ a commission to proceed to Chiriqui and make surveys relative to the ad-would, by doing so, again bring herself into conflict with France; and in the next she is her-marriages by tbe Catholic clergy, b creating quite an excitement among the religious com-Further action on the resolutions was waived to enable Mr. Morrill to make a parUal report from the Committee of Conference on the disagreeing amendments to the Le- gislative, Executive a n d Judicial Appropriation bill, re- ducing the subjects in controversy to seven only, includingnot content that one religious body should bewhich they have been unable to agree,aad asking a further conference thereon.TBE CTVB. APPEOPBIATTOS BILL.Mr. SHEEMAM, (rep.) of Ohio, reported frum the Com- mittee of Oonterence on the Civil Appropriation bill. They had agreed to the appropriation of $300,000 to complete tin Capitol; to the amendment aholiaaing theT h e affair looksready for a repeal of the tariff of HIT, when he ascer- tained that it was passed by fraud aad corruption. He was for tbe constitutional, democratic tariff of IMSvisit the Park everyday in the week by tens of thousands, attracted by its own beauties— the lovely scenes presented on every side of lakeandgroveandavenue—andledthither also by the increased faculties of approach by railroad, on Sundays as well as through the week. The season at present is most auspicious for renewing tbe concerts, and we hope soonto see the band reinstalled in their old positionPrincewill b ea little'* x> much like the jailor volunteering to THE TWENTY-ONE MILLION LOAN.relieve inquisitive visiters from the necessity o flooking into the condition of h is dungeons and Death o f M r . Schwartz, o f Penn- seen any evidence to satisfy him that such was the«(Jortechakoff o r many other RussiansFOKNBT A N D THK COVODK REPORTS.It Is understood that Forney, smarting under the stric-TllK CHIRIQl'I COAL CONTRACT.Russian church by moral ties which turn the The Chiriqui coal contract with the government, and agreed to—60 against SI.T B I CALUTORXIA MAILS.The Post Office Department has given official notioe thatiu the City Inspector's office, they will not do nection with the full Sardinian mission under Mr. Burlin- •Art Commmission; the Mint is allowed to coin cents;What is to be the result of this? Supposethat Archbishop Hughes is tolerated in his Appropriation feifl.course,andthattheclergygenerallyrefusetobo bound by this law, and tint they are sentenced to pay a fine of fifty dollars for every happy couple whom they unite in the sweet bonds of matrimony, and, on declining to pay, are cast into prison, our pulpits will soon be all empty,Leggett,In1867thequarrelofMr.Douglaswiththe asintheconductofprivateaffairs,principleandWhatwiUbecomeofourmorals?RaaBy,ceedtoconsiderthemotiootoreooneidertbevotepost- tedSupertatendeatofto*workoathe" AaDeduct1st of April, I860,•mountingtogetherto11,1**44.TheDoctorcom-pwoontatfajiifatiatlunbegan,notupontheLe-shouldbeplacedaboveexpediency,anditArchbishopHughesoughttothinkofthfa.ItponingtheTariffbill. Mr.BCBBBRwouldnetvetotarthebetthe State of Illinois. In 1853 the New Fork gained is an important one for the cause of; « , much whether Catnolir marriages are regw- question of time was within the power of the Senate, aad cratk Senate. B> did not cart if the bill be ..cfeat'' i- HedosBocrooythroughout dasStatewasapiitinto hunao liberty. It notooly ratifi•- the auc- tered in theCityInspector's officeornotbuttbe flimsy resolution fixing tae adjournment could be hoped it n.igtn 11- Wtfhed to piece the Kapwuiibilig where it rested- If another committee be appointed, thehone of the dinaion ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York13069Mr. Wnaoa, (rep ) of Mass., was opposed to Ike reeoaadvance the objects that it has still h. riew.' comply with the law as the entering wedge ofeideration unkas the Sfpsjlaa was astaaoti.Under pre-Untitled DocumentTHE KATT APPROPEUTlOaA Committee on Conference was ordered on the NaryC O N G R E S S .p June SB, U60.TUbill forthereliefofMessrs.Hockaday*contractors on the Salt lake mail rotate, iadenuufyingtiitni u^ the extent of $40,000 for alteration of the service creased by those wbo refuse to vote/er to* report. Thetan TAiurr a w .Mr. Banna, (dem.) of Pa., moved that the Senate pro- concur on the report because Captain Meigs was <*-TBI imUBLATTVE, kXJtCUTIVB AND JUDMXAX APPaOHUATMB BILL—TBE TWBBTT MTLLKW LOAN.fMr.SBERMANrepliedthattbebillasreported originally from the Committee of Ways aad Means contained aul ttoaa lees than it does now. The sppropriatione were m- theBoardimmediatelypaidtheearnclsrmsa.Corn- two very nearlyequal porta upon the para ce»» u hasrecently achieved,but scores ia they look upon tb# Archbishop's reftml to repealed.Banal would bean increased appreswtottoR.Mr. BRANCH replied that the remarks be made dM eat justify Mr Sherman at giving the subject a party 00m-www.fultonhistory.com 