 I'rank" were said to have been arrested.The Grand Duke of Baden Lad proclaimed thedemand sprang up for the former, and as tho day advanced more firmness waa manifested, especially for common and medium brands of State andannum. Surelythismustbeteeresultofourim-mense prosperity and wealth. It looks as if itwould require the Corporation to increase theempire and the United States. It was considered owet desirable that any commercial treaty he might be able te conclude should provide sot only for reciprocal free trass in all articles of the growth, produce or mantrtno- turc of either nation, but for the ttansportatioBIf,vention organized at Charleston at noon yesterday,by selecting JToanc- B. Flonrnoy, of Arkansas, forCbairmaa.fJiil W. P. Ritchie, of Virginia, for Secre-tary. Mr. Hournoy in reported to be favorable to the, observance of the Sunday law by the liquor the nomination of Jndge Douglas for the Presiden-cy, and his appointment to the chairmanship may Sealers, and a report from the sergeant of the sani- be regarded as in some degree revealing the prefe- tary squad calling attention to the filthy conditionrence of the delegate!. The contest between the of several tenement houses.U-..iat Newmarket refused to back the warrant, alleg- 61 of diseases of the skin and eruptive fevers, 1 ing that it would be an arbitrary stretch of power. stillborn and premature birth, 60 of diseases of therelations generally, and our British cousins de ll's letter to the Louisiana delegation, with- particularly. Is it not highly probable that$50,000, being above par. Notwithstandingall the corruptions of the Legislature, which made previous to tbe 1st of October next The marshals'.June next. It is expected that complete returns will beNEW YORK HERALD.cost the projectors more than tela sum for the rank and file of either party. The eagmoorsmC?3>M D41LT WtltALD tttt emttptr top*. STP* *WWt niel H. Johnson 'and Commodore Vanderbilt, for tionist and black republican demagogues. THE WIXXLY BEKA.LD, e*ay Satmrdag. tU#_ e*nts perlative points of religious doctrine, is at direct considered. We don't believe that Louts Na-variance with the spirit of the constitution.pose, considering the enormous profitsfcrrolved in them. At the tariffmentioned abore, the SOB. of tenor twenty thousand dollarsmostharecarfylhg the PacMc ma'X 'together with the corres- top*, or Kper aiMW, At gvropvm tdititm even Wedmmd<*9,«M/unrtalolko» «• t*« 6a Mi Ss* y «** no** 4 #£• gwrflo-%.«r II II) per niimav.Little by. Utile the veil is being lifted, and as it rises It becomes evident to the careful ob-poleon, accomplished as he is, and afighterby profession, ever had his hands up in his life._ttmomUperespy,UperMMtoMWlofQrtatBritain,pondencerelatingthere.o.Theinstructionsofthe •rSB to a t V * * "-ft"»»*««*.htt !oU(i<jx>*>f.TUk TAMIL T aSJUU) m ton, or IB •«»- mmtmat ,'otr cmU ptrM I T I I O A S O U . Rmaaway. evpaetto BandAn HO-BIIBavuxa—Boui tottoooLOCK—•DOUOBMIJ OOCBT.eatr—Siauras*.WAJL_AC_'8 THBATKB. Broadwar-Lot* FOB LOTS—the real developemetii of events, these beingall prepared beforehand b j a small and selectclass of men. Thus, for a time, it was gene- at all, is clearly one of those cases which in- putting on the gloves with each other. rally supposed that the popular representa-tives who were to congregate at Charlestonwould be called upon to decide between theTali XXV.-MUBXMMBTB THO BVBBIBQfringe upon the toleration guaranteed by i t It has been so decided in California and one of our Western States, and we believe that if the question comes to be fully and fairly arguedIf the new system, or rather the old one—for it is only the fight of the Horatii and the Cura- tii over agaiu^should work well in the case of Heenan and Sayers, we shall have an entirelyBTBLO* OIBOW,BOWBBVT THBATBB. Bowery.-Urt', BsvtsrfiB—Bei. full and accurate reports of transactions in Wash-&t*D—Tmmruio U l w .conflicting claims of numerous candidates for the votes of the people. But as the period for the Convention approached, the number of can-i_T_ if» •"»*>«*.LAOa— B i n .P r i s e R i n g .The foreign news received by the Austral-they next go to Albany to urge any measure of importance for their city, they wttl tabs ear* to trust less to the justice of their case than to the strength of their purse. If Assemblytaeo are to be bought at the price of Tombs alibi witnesses, It is scarcely worth the trouble to engage in a contest of remonstrance and dis- cussion when such paltry sums caa talk so much more eloquently.NEWS FE0M WASHINGTON.THE PROCKEDIHQS OF C0BGQUBS.MR. BCCHAKAN AND THE WALKER REYELA-TTONS.—The black republican journals arechuckling over the supposed Buccees of theirplot between Covode and Forney, and otherdisappointed spoils-hunters, and doing all theycan to make it seem that the letter of the Presi-dent to Walker is something atrocious initself, and out of all keeping with Mr. Bu-chanan's record. Now the fact of the case iB,teat Mr. Buchanan's sentiments, as expressed JUDGE BLACK AND TBE COYODE C«BffIB. in the letter to Walker, are precisely the sameas those contained in his comments on the iTTCHPT TO MIZZLE TBI PtBS, Kansas question in his public message, and ac- JlC*. JtC, k f icord entirely with all of his expressed views upto the time that the final action of the Oar Special Waahtngton Despatch.THSATBB, tM Broadway -COLL***day, the resolution in favor of appropriating $25,000for the reception of the Japanese embassy was All of the noise—or at least the greater partasian yesterday has rarely been equalled andnever transcended In Importance. On Sunday the Minister and Premier tu person, or by conf-BBW BWWBTBY TBfBATnB. Bowery.-RoBW Hooo- taken up. Motions were made to reduce the sumlnOiou-Bof'i Taw Oi«t to$15,000. and to increase it to $30,000,andtheKM BBOOOHAMt TBBjiTBB, *** Broedway.-LA-f Board indulged in a general wrangle on the subject,or « • rwwAii*-tO OHMS taa« which ultimately resulted in laying the subject onBABJTUirB An_BICAII MUBBTm. Broadway -IHyaod the table by a vote of eight to seven. The reportB^il^-Borrrom B_osw-J__na Da_n-Lm»s Cuai from the Councilmen, appropriating an additional otmas, Ac ______R»TA VT» HIXSTBllS, Msa-mtr-' Ball, 471 Broad- quarter of a million for the Central Park, -M**«TLwSi;^«Sri>-«».A*-BUBLBWB*>« was concurred in. Also the resolution re-of it—is made by delegations from States that havenopossibilityof throwing theirvotesfor the Charleston candidates, and the only object of whose zeal is to create a claim for offices, In the future event of the Charleston nominees being elected. Their noisy zeal, therefore, is oflittleaccount;forthesamemotivethatat one moment inclines it for Douglas will, at any other, incline it for the winning name. The idea that a delegation—like that of Masaachu- setts, for instance—will exhibit a steady pre- ference for Douglas, or anybody else, when a united body of democratic electors show them- selves determined to throw their votes for somebody else, is preposterous. The Boston Custom House and the Boston Post Office, in perspective, forbid itwe were compelled to announce, with the most poignant sorrow, that the chosen representative of the governing classes of the model republic, to wit, Mr. John C. Heenan, had been arrested on a vulgar peace warrant; teat It was possible, as warrants mean something in England, that teefightmightbepreventedaltogether,andthe great question of the day, the affair upon the issue ot which depends tee future of both coun- tries, the contest which attracts the undividedattention and involves the dimes of thousands of persocs more or less respectable, on either side of the Atlantic, might remain unsettled for an indefinite period. The consternation caused by this announcement was terrible. The arrest of Heenan was considered in the light of a na-petent proxies. The space in front of the Speaker's chair might be reserved for the ring, and an alteration in the rules might be made so that the House could go into Committee of the Whole on the fight So far as the practice of the thing is concerned, there would be no very violent departure from precedent, and the governing classes would have no fault to find with their chosen representatives.-B*noa. ______BIBI/VS SALOOB. Bfoaa'way.--Ose. Onarrrt Mis- their small cars to Forty-second street A re-BT__U w Bonos, Di-c-s, Bonissotfss, Ac-Warro.OOOPBB nC8TrruTB.^_m_-MTioror P-_UfllO-Mi-AL jLurruo oi t u Oooat or DS_T_—-Jtoraoon and Bvaoing.BATIOBAI. OOBCBBT BALOOB, B-ttoaal D-awae. BvaLCWDM, AcTEIPLE SHEET.____•• aw Yarh, Tuesday, April 44, 1800.solution authorising the Comptroller to pay over to the Colonel of the Seventh regiment $">,000, tor camp equipage, waa laid over. The City In- spector was directed not to transfer any stind inany of the city markets, nor to grant permits for the use of the same, without instructions from theBoagd.Curiosity of the Member* of the Honse Cot- ttrning Report* in the flerald.MAILS FOB XUEOFE.M«w Y ork Herald—Edition •mrwpe.It therefore behooves us to look at what are the really controlling influences in the federalTbe Canard mall rtwunahip Persia, Captata Judklns, w_ aara this port to morrow for Liverpool.ordimnce relative to carmen's licenses amended by allowing minors and those not citizens of the Unit- ed States to drive and keep public carts. Itpast alfbt o'cloot to morrow morning.__• iDMi-uf tamo- or o n H--tu> wfll ba pobtahedU ei«bt o'olaefc In tbo inor__f Bla_to ooplaa, _ wrap- a«ra, atxoaaia.g«boortpt_f_ a&d _1TW_NB\MIU for any edition of BM>Maw Yoax £_—u» wUl be received at tbe foUowlog plaoeala Earope -LMBoa....a_mnom lew, 8on h 00 , 4T Ladfate Hm. l__*ag, SUrr * Co., 74 KJnf WilUam street. rum U_B-c, Baldwin s Oe., • piaoe d« la Boone.IiTwooe. .Lanatot, Bust k 0e., No. 0 CbnMi atreec R. Btaart. 10 B-obaaae atreek, s-stgUv_i L_nau»i, Baldwin s Co., 41 me CoroeUie. H-J-WJ-B. ..Da Chapeanroare k Oe.Board concurred in appropriating $2,500 to defray the expenses of the special committee appointed to attend the forthcoming National Quarantine and Suiitary Convention, to he held at Boston. They also concurred in adopting a report of tho Com- mittee on Finance, empowering the Comptroller to i>sue bonds to make up the deficiency in theassessment fund for opening streets. The amount desired is estimated at $415,000. A resolution was adopted directing the Clerk of the Common Coun- cil to piepare the acts passed by the Legislature, and cause a thousand copies to be printed iu docu-WASHISQTO-, April S3, I860, FLIGHT OF COIOa-Wat-H.theooetantaofabaBtraora-REaraaaotni Hrauii> mentfewm. ttaaaewi received bymailandtelegraphatlaw obliged him to do, energetically and effectively, or lukewarmly and inef- fectively, Is a question which every man will decide according to his own particular bias, but not a few will honor the President for endeavoring to do his duty with all his might and energy.The interest of Covode and the black repub-dence relating thereto.Tne Boose refused to adjourn today, having jest aquorum.After an ineffectual effort to find oat bow your corres-pondent here obtain* all the news in Waahmgton, espe- cially the doings of the secret inquisitions called eon. mlttees, which are constructed to transact the pubfis business, the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union, and Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, made a speech in support of the Tariff bill re-Ike preview- week and ap to MMbow ofWe have in type n full report of the fifth day's proceedings in the trial of Rev. Jacob S. Harden, charged with poisoning his wife, but, owing to thegates, in which one of them was sBot; bnt our their destination.prepared matters for the Charleston Convention,and, having carefully arranged the programmein the democratic States, has brought them tothe meeting ready to stand by the patricians'plan. This Mr. Slidell has carried to Charles- we may have cast upon his traditional pluck. ton in his pocket, with letters from other Sena- We believe the old fellow means fight We be- tors to their several State delegations, and some lieve that be is anxious to meet the represen- declining to let their names be used. Jefferson tative of Columbia's ruling powers upon theinto, no matter who stirs the potLIBERAL PROPOSALS FOR THE CROTON WATERSTOCK.—A curious instance of the trivial effectwhich misgovernment and corruption haveupon the financial interests of the country wasattempt will be made to pl.ee witnesses under an injunc- tion of secresy as to what facts they give In evidence, thus indicating that because a man is sworn to tell the wbole truth to a secret committee he Is to be deprived of the use of bis own information, which at his own pro- perty, to a member of the press. That doctrine will notoperate in a free country whore there U a free press THS SfKXT C_KSVS.BarEvery student of history finds in the historic developement of the Roman republic a re- markable similarity to that of our own. Our developement is more rapid than was the Roman, because we have the helps of the steam engine, the electric telegraph and the lightning printing press to as* sist the developement of the idea of the age or generation. In comparing the his- toric course of the two republics, it is evident that we have not reached the Augustan age, uor yet that of Sylla and Marias, and that we are in fact coincident with the early centuries of the Roman republic, when patrician influ- ence was able, soon after the expulsion of theTarquins,tosecureto itselftheelectionofthe Roman Consuls. These Consuls were nominal- ly two, like our candidates from a Presidential Convention, but it was, in fact, the same with the Roman Consuls as with our President and Vice President—one was the Consul and the other was dummy. When the plebeians got res- tive and demanded that one of the Consuls should be named from the plebeian class, the patricians gave them the dummy, just as in theTbe Suropean m-lte wiU close la Una city at bait wasieferred to the appropriate committee. TheThe St George's Society, of this city, celebrated •occurrence. their anniversary by a banquet at Delmonicos lastBy the Hammonis, from Hamburg and South- night Our report is crowded outampton, which arrived at this port yesterday fore- According to the City Inspector's report, theregiven to the affair, we make haste to award due apologies to the British Lion for any reflectionCharleston despatches make no mention of such anwere 422 deaths in the city during the past week, Queenstown, which reached Portland a few hours a decrease of 39 as compared with the mortality ofnoon, and the Australasian, from Liverpool andmanifested the other day in the prop seals re-ceived by Comptroller Haws for the Croton Circulars of instructions for taking the census barstant buBhvs< was transacted, and the Senate ad-through bote houses. It is confidently ___!___ that if tee Brooklyn Alderm* hadw*£l stopped by injunction from appiyio* tot purpose of bribery the twenty thousand del lars teat they voted, they would have sueee* ed in carrying the cheap ferriage bill l w consequently could only promtte contto««ibefore tee Court of Appeals, the same conclu- fresh way of settling our international difficul- rewards, whilst the monopolies came down witir sion will be arrived at ties, and one which will be quite within tee un- the ready cash. LegUUtivetr-dltfons were dead derstanding of the governing classes and a por- against trust, and the result wis teat tho Large—Our Foreign Relations tat the tionof Congress. Whenanydispute arisesbe- Brooklyndelegationgetbadlybeaten. When.journed till Thurtday. In tbe Home, a motion to .»•* 114 adjourn till Monday was negatived—24 to 113. Several members then indulged in an interesting conversational dis u»sion as to the publication of certain matters connected with the Covpde in- , •acrMiiu» mrou- vestigation in the HBKAXO Iheee philosopher*are greatly puasled upon finding in the HBRALDington the morning succeeding their occurence. InCommittee of tbe Whole the slavery question was didates began to lessen, and now that it is in ses-discussed. There was notaquorum of members sion,itisdiscovered that thedelegationsfrom The Great Event of the Day-Hetsas atpresent during the session.At tbe meeting of the Board of Aldermen yester-the democratic voting States have come into it without any absolutely expressed preference and apparently ready to unite on a winning mas.tween H. B. M.'s Minister at Washington and the State Department, it can be settled accord- ing to the latest rules of the P. R., either byquiring the Harlem Railroad Company to runTie Board of Councilmen transacted a gooddeal of business last evening. The President <>fthe Croton Aqueduct Department was requested tofurnish the Board with the names, positions, resi-dences and salaries of all the employes in that De State, and hence in the Charleston Convention. partment A resolution was presented to have thetional calamity,by tbe British Lion to the American Eagle. There was more hard swearing among the gov- erning classes than would ha?e been created by any other circumstance, however distressing, that could happen. Yesterday, however, later and more joyful intelligence came to hand. Early Inthe morning it was announced upon the HERALD bulletin that the Child of Benlcia was as free as the breezes that kiss his manly brow; iiat a simple cautionary ball of fifty pounds had been exacted from him; that it had been immediately given, and that there was no reason why the fight should not come off on the day named. All day the bulletin was sur- rounded with an earnest, anxious crowd, and nothing else was talked of but the fight TheCharleston Convention was altogether in the shade. The name of Mr. Heenan was in every mouth, to the exclusion of that of Mr. Douglas, while Mr. Sayers' drove all thoughts of Mr. Hunter from the public mind.It appears that Heenan. was taken before the magistrates at Derby on the 7th instant; that he apologized for any naughty words that he might have u^ed with regard to the magis- trates. He*\aan's counsel hoped the Court "would be, guided by the station in life of the partiea in America—Heenan was a black- smith—and make the bail as light as possible."Another Discussion on the Stn- »try Question.The News*The Democratic Presidential Nominating Con- press of advertisements npon our columns, we arerival New York delegations was brought or> almost The first batch of testimony on the subject of the contested Aldermanic seat of the Eighth dis-there wan 'loud applause." The Court statedthat the injured infant of Benlcia could not be us just as in the Roman republics. Delegates again molested by tee law, unless he actually to popular conventions hasten to Washington broke the, peace^ There, seems to have been to get the cue for their actJo^ and as the nomi- some dispute in sporting circles as to the causeras rr-H ABJTT oomucraThe Bouse Committee on Public Expenditures, ias soon as the Convention was called to trict was received yesterday by the Special Com- order, and a fierce dispute ensued be- mittee. The witnesses examined were those ofbring to his leader.This patrician influence has gr.own up amongzed to investigate the whole subject of the Ii r army stores to Utah, will enter npon the Innstlgattoutween the friends of the Mozart Hall and Peter Mitchell, who were brought forward to prove Albany Regency delegations. Tt wai finally agreed illegality of voting at the election in December.that neither the New York nor the Illinois con- Their evidence established very little, however,nationshave•*y,elaid before ale"people for r a t ^cation, their statements serve to enlighten the patricians as to the bent of the popular mind These patricians are the Senators and membersof the arrest; but it was at last decided, as in the case of railway accidents, that nobodywas to blame.It is probable, then, that before this time thetestants should take, any part in the proceedings of the Convention nntil their case was settled, and, the delegation* from both. ^ e | ^ B mentioned wereagainst the election of Alderman Russell, who now occupies the contested seat, and only showed, tin** some sailors from the North Carolina fto^ aome*passed over to the Committee on Credentials,composed of one member from each State. The others who were not entitled to vote did vote, butof Congress, and the class not only exists in fight has come off, and we ought to have the both of the great parties, but wefindit striving news in a day or two. By Thursday of the to create a third organization. It is this patri- present week the public may be relieved from cian element in the democratic party that has its suspense and informed upon whose headConvention, having for the present disposed of who they voled for was not shown. The investiga-this knotty question, adjourned till ten o'clock this morning. Afiairsseem so far to have proceeded with decorum. There is a report from Washington of a rencontre between two of the New York dele-tion was adjourned till Thursday nextA telegraphic despatch from Buffalo announces that navigation is now free and unrestricted. Pro- pellers which left on Saturday went through tothe eagles of victory hover.In view of the new aspect which has beencompelled to defer its publication.The Police Commissioners met yesterday, buttransacted no business of general interest save the recept'on o* reports from the captains relative tolicans in this personal attack upon the Presi- ported by himself out of the Committee of Waya and-earlier, we have European dates to the 12th inst. the week previous, and 17 more than occurred Davis writes by him to this effect to the Missis- field of glory. People who walk about theHeenan, the pugilist, was admitted to bail on the during the corresponding week last year. The re-7th by giving his own recognizance in £50, and find- capitulation table gives 2 deaths of diseases of the sippi delegation, and in opposition to Douglas, worid with their eyes shut see nothing inbeen issued by Superintendent Kennedy to a.l the United water stock of the year 1854. Bids were de- States narehals. They are very full, and are accompa- manded for $228,900 of this stock, redeemable nied by specimen schedules for making the returns in a oat form manner These circulars will be thoroughly diftrtba- ted by the several marshals to their subordinates in every section of every- State and Territory In the Union, so that the work can commence simultaneously on the 1st day ofing two sureties of £25 each. It was thought the fight bones, joints, Ac, 74 of the brain and nerves, 7 of would come off on the 16th. An attempt was made Mm generative organs, 17 of the heart and bleodwho is the favorlte^of the pothouse plebeians. this contest but a vulgar and brutal en- Senator Wigfail writes to the Texas delegation counter between two bruisers; but we believein 1875, at six per cent interest, and the callto procure the arrest of Bayers, but the magistrateveflfe 163 of the lungs, throat, Ac, 10 of old age.a similar letter against Douglas.The next lifting of the veil shows us Mr. Sli-it has a very great bearing upon our foreignworth of it—ell of that sum, except aboutFrom Sardinia we learn that the King was about to make a tour through his dominions.We give the Pope's boll of excommunication Instomach, bowels and other digestive organs, 26 of uncertain seat and general fevers, 1 of diseases of the urinary organs, and 21 from violent causes. The nativity table gives 207 natives of the Uniteddrawinghisnameandstating his readinessto support Dickinson, Horatio Seymour, Joe Lane or Breckinridge. Here is a fact worth analysing. The mention of Dickinson and Sey- mour together nullifies them both by prevent- ing the New York delegation from uniting onsome very*exalted personages at Washington and in Downing street are at the bottom of all this disturbance? Is it at all likely that a mere prize fight, the chosen amusement of the scum of the community, would attract so much at- tention as this affair unless there was some-have saddled the State and this city with an im- mense debt, or the corruptions of the Corpora- tion, which result In tee expenditure of nine orare instructed to give their subordinates strict orders not to communicate the result of their labors to any individu- als for private uses, nor to the press for publication.TBB msTBtcnoss to am. H'LANS WHTXI atcramn TO can-.full.A great anti-Austrian demonstration had taken States, 79 of Ireland, 25 of Germany, 3 of Scotland,ten millions a year and an unbearable burden Although the instructions to _r.._cl_ae, as Minister toplace in Hungary. The police did not interfere. The insurrection in Naples is said to be spread-ing.A concordat had been concluded between Spain9 of England, and the balance of various foreign countries.Before the receipt of the foreign news yesterday, the cotton market was steady at the closing prices of last week, with sales of about 600 a 600 bales. After tbe re-either, while it conciliates New York for the. thing important behind it? We have had twoof taxation, we find teat there are partiesenough who have so much faith In the credit ofthe city that they come forward with a millionandaquarterofdollarstopurchase aquarterChina, issued more than six years ago, have just bee- made pubnc, they are considered by statesmen hers as interesting, in view of the fact that they are is ao- oordaaDe with tbe policy pursued by the ad- ministration , through him, towards Mexico. As to Chtaa,and Rome. We give the text of the Preliminary ceipt of tbe news further transactions of moment werereal man of the patrician .choice, whoever he may be. The naming of them was safe,too,forDickinsonistoowellknown, and Seymour too little known, to have any chance for a nomination by an unexpected popular outburst Joe Lane's name is broughtwars with England, and among many of our people there Is a hereditary inclination to pitchIntotheBritishLiononteesmallestpossi- ble pretence. On the other side, there are not wanting persons who, through absurd jealousy, would be glad to cripple the young republic.of a million of Water stock, and are not only he was entrusted with targe discretion aad advtoed to es-willingbutanxioustogetitatsixpercentper tablish"tbemostunrestristedintercoursebetweenthaiTreaty of Peace between Spain and Morocco.<5en. Ortega and other persons of "distinguished favorably Influenced by the news. A bettercitementOw Berlin| ^ correspondentbelligerent spirit of the age should have ex- certain considerations that may have weightTBI RAM_*'S FHtat W^ " ____ «-_» equal standard in relation to labor. The libe- It n antra., - has been • _ ^ * & £ < 3 ^ p e ? sthat al*Wtae alliance between the Powers of Englandand Prasaia wan on th« •*«« av\rl *__*.* aV-v .-.a-.-... P-aesia was on the tapis, and that the UtterrumorHe has just been elected to the Senate forsuspended. Themarketforflourandgrainwasindependence of the Catholic church.From onr Paris correspondent we learn that the Western, while extra qualities were firm. Southern flour in as a sacrifice to be made to the Douglas ele But war Is like hot-house grapes and earlydebt of the city to a hundred millions, and theLegislature to increase the State debt to a bun in vessels belonging to each. Should the revolutionaryalso continued to good demand, and prices closed firm. ments, who do not want a man for 1860 from frayety of Parisian life had received a temporary Whoa was firmly held, with fair sales, at fufl prices. the Immediate region of their favorite, as thatquietus during Passion week, and that the Opera, Corn opened dull, but closed with more buoyancy undersoirt es and receptions had been exchanged for the tbe news. Fork waa arm, with fair sales, including new would greatly diminish Douglas' future chances. tunity to get out, and it poisons the whole sys-dred millions more, before the people who have money to Invest can be waked up to the fact that tee credit of either city or State may pos- sibly fall one of these days, under the crushing influence of corruption* fraud and extrava- gance on the part of the governing bodies.In Wall street to-day, money, with an abun- dant market, is worth only five per centmovement be successful and the political power of tbe country pass into other hands," She instructions oos- tinned, "you wiU, at your diocxet__, recognise U* government dt ftxto, and treat with ttas wttn the exist** government of the country If the Empire shall b«4_ vided, and several governments be organised wahnSf present Umita promising stability, you win present yeer- 8»lf to such as the American representative, and enter into treaties with them," &cmess at $17 90 a $18, and new prime at about $14 46 a The other name Is that of Breckinridge. Here, tem more or less. It would be idle to deny ficent churches of the Madeleine, St Roche, St S14 60. Sugan were active, with galea of about too, there are certain peculiar indications. Wc that everybody here secretly hopes that Sayers Eustache and Notre Dame were numerously 1,800 to -.OCObhds., at prices given in another column are told that the Pennsylvania and New Jersey may be well thrashed; while on the other Bide,solemn ceremonies of the Tenebrae. The magni-attended; indeed, it has been asserted, not more Purchases were made by refiners, by tbe trade, and on so at any period within the past ten years. speculation. Coffee was Arm, bnt quiet; a small lot of An' extensive robbery at a large jewelry estab- Java (bags) was sold at 16X* Fre1ght, w e w flmdelegations, pivotal States on which the coming fight turns, have declared for him. It has long since been stated that Breckinridge is the second choice of both the Dickinson and Seymour cliques in this State. From these indicationsit would seem that Breckinridge is the nun on whom the controlling Influence at Charleston Is united, possibly with Dickinson or Seymour aswe have no doubt that the four estates of the realm have a similar feeling with regard to the Yankee Vulcan. And who can say that the whole affair has not beeofgotten up with the knowledge and assistance of our govern- ment at Washington and the British Cabinet? Who knows that the Prime Minister of England and the Secretary of State of the United States have not, by their emissaries, secretly en- couraged this affair as the cheapest and best way of settling up old scores between the two countries—getting rid of all the bad feeling, and taking a fresh start, with nothing but ami- cable relations? Who knows that this new movement In diplomacy has not been arranged by the Ohevalier Wikoff, whose astonishing coups have helped Lord Palmerston and the Emperor of the French out of many a tight place before to-day t Can our military and diplomatic cotemporary, tee Chevalier Webb, enlighten us on this point?TEX a-CBYTTO» OT THS J-P_XSSB B_B_ST.It is the design of tbe State I^poxtmeut to plaos «•• Japanese Embassy under the charge of a MT*1_<'•°^ •lishment had just been reported, by which diamonds worth 150,000 were surreptitiously taken by two well dressed ladies. It occurred hi broad dayhght No cine to the fashionable thieves.with fair engagementa. Among the shipments to Liver-pool were 28,008 bushels wheat, in bulk and bags at6l d. a 6tfd.; and to London 760 bbls. flour, at as 3d.' 4on safe Investments.raised tee value of money to five per cent,r Cat tarn Dopont will probably be assigned to tni* am-THB LATEST ARTISTIC DIFFICULTY.—Free fights being the order of the day, in CongressAFTUCATIO-B r o * rAWPOKT* p g , . , audit is tight at that; thus showing that the Tbe number of appbeauooa for paasports stm* » - • wealth of the merchants of New York and that Department now averages two hundred a w e ^l ^_-l . there is aa unavoidable delay to tssumg them a* pro-**-The usual amount of war gossip and speculationsin the present aspect of European affairs continues,and aeema to keep the public on the tiptoe of ex* and elsewhere, it is not remarkable that the dummy. Against this supposition there areof the merchants of London approximates an ly as the persona immediately iatereatod o w e . 171tended to the children of art The little operaticral proposals for the Water stock furnish an- has been summoned as a witness ^ T r L ^ ^ Ferry Coinmittee, Such a course Is not even proDaow-writeswas entreat la Prussia that an offensive and de* tiff between the new prima donna, Banti. and six years from the 4th of March, 1861, andthe generals of Irving place has hardly beensettled when a grand war breaks out between prefer the patrician seat, with its great powermoney and its relative depreciation in this Attorney General Black *jend. Pro - J g ^ S on a charge of perjury,^wlsg.*rt£ » £ 5 e f r U i city, notwithstanding the financial panic and ore the Covode committee. BB f ^ e t _ e o f _ » rr-avPower, m hen of the vacillating course she has beenpenning on the Savoy Annexation question, willreiterate ^ ^ « ^ « * w s - e d by Lord John ing public. Mr. Bourcicault is the party of the appointed followers, to the empty name ofthe gross extravagance and misgovernment of our legislative bodies.sav that ha distinctly admitted On existence ^Z^ demTktter^ec^of oneof the character theJ^jl^ievw < course of conversation, and wbioh Waiwr nev- pretended to have in bis PO""*00- . b_ *_, »dnoe P u l „ further stated that Mr. «**J«£2 bsM- » »* id friends made no reply to Mr. Wauter^pw^first part, and Mies Jean Margaret Davenport of thesecond. Mr.Bourcicault charges thatMiss Davenport appropriated and disfigured his drama called -Jennie Deans." Miss Daven-corps farmte would BOOB be •esen.lu. o« the •**••*•• tke pubUc on his own behalf In a let- Bhine aa an offset to the French samp at Chalons.-* the English House of Lords, that it u & IMMM>__«at" *• __- ^ ^ " *i precedes*. Another rumor was afloat which had the eoior of proaabiUty-elthough eonthe Presidency, with Its certainty of little power and much personal abuse, and his name be also used to cover tho reel man that has been selected In the conclave at Washington. This is a secret that the next lifting of tee veil at Charleston wUl disclose.COBBCPTION OT THB LAST LEOISLATTRB—PBICEOF A RURAL MEMBER.—The market valueofan aodresaed'toM?. Walker".£_nd.*%*£*?£'£_3Indicted by the Prussian (offtetal) Gase«*_tha* aproject was on foot to mobQJae the I»twn_ma armyand aavy; Bad furthermore that two P I I I I M . ^fysueB Mr. B^urcicanlt for UbeL The latterAlderman Is a question that has latterly been a ^ u n d e l i v e r e d by Secretory Thoagsos, h e ^ a - - .the existence of any reason ^h jJfr ^W ^^Tboslfl» r-two persona very well known to the theatre-go-and freedom from the vituperation of dis-port denies the impeachment, and straight-good deal discussed. No definite ideahas been noeat him to go out of the WMot to «* JL_-aa to 60Tan SCXDAv WAIL—The interests affected by The money market in London was very active. r r o j w ^ s toBrttk the inciter between the new Sunday observance act are not goingAll these queries naturally recur to the pub-lic mind when the great fight is mentioned, andtend to give it o degree of interest beyond anyother question now before the civilized world can be had dog cheap. At no period, however, People—even sound Catholics—have forgotten has he sunk as lew in value as an AssemblymanConsols closed at W|.The Uverpool cotton market waa doll, with a de-tendency, while breadstuff* were firmer John Wood, a respectable citiaen of Boss-iDe,Bourcicault - ^ t T a T b ^ f Lmake some purchases at a neighboring village. On whole quarrel h a -wry p t w ^ o T ^ t t ^to submit quietly to the enforcement of its pro- visions by the police. The proprietors of the German theatres and lager beer saloons areholding meetings to raise funds for the purposeof testing the constitutionality of the enact cies who have come all the way fromduriDg the last Legislature. It is a well knownStaten Island, left his home on Saturday night toSanda- mrxrninm k_ wan diaooVexed in B bhTB TWd We would n't spoil it for the world.___ ^ ^thing, to say concerning Us Royal Highness fact that tee rotes of tho rural members have The Chair presented a message from the 1 mating the instrucUoos glvea to Mr. Mc Las* 1is professedly not a candidate. He mayUntitled Documentn-uit Tf ttiatr rat mnnnv *»nnutfh to secure -_BYorkthe Prince of Wales, or their Excellen-been readily purchased throughout the session for twenty dollars each, cash down. Most of the large jobs teat were carried through did nottortoCham.On motion of Mr. YCT*B, fdem.) of ITa, a''KmjLmmsB*a_iri — ~—~covery is considered doubtful. man's attention at this present moment, and by the last Legislature as a sort of cloak for water, the diplomat have suspended operations and several of the former are said to have made _wroR AND paoPRaroK. Both houses of Congress were in session yester- thousands are wondering what fte represent* the profligacy and rascality of their other acts. until after the fight Louis Napoleon doesn't large gains on the aggregate legislation of the ortnci B. w. c o m or KASSAC ABB FULTOM STS. day. The Senate adopted a resolution calling on tives of the people there congregated wfll do There is no doubt whatever that any attempt understand tee new diplomatic dodge. Pal- sffsion. The votes on the Railroad bills thethe Postmaster General for copies of the contracts to save, the $o«Stry from revolution and on the part of the State to control the individu- merston has him there. The French are farrBBMS, eat* to (tdmtmtt. JfaM»~t bm•*•**«** execute 1 by the Po-t Office Department with Da- West Washington Market bill and the One Cent rUk of Om MMbr. Pottagt itampt not natttd <- mtmrtpt** destruction by the fanaticism of the aboli- al freedom and consciences of men, on specu- behind the age when the P . R. cornea to J>e Ferriage bill, cost much lees than people sup-NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, APRIL 24, 186O.-TRIPL0 SHEET.about three miles : om h me, terribly bruised and Tlte Lift tog of the Veil at CBuartestaav- aid of competent legal talent, they will stand a Slippers; the ladles even forget to criticiseT~mangled, and with a severe cut in his temple. It Sigma of the Trne Imfimemee There. fair chance of defeating this tyrannical and each other's plotb.es, and ignore the great bon-a H E l S O t D O I I I U K T T i is supposed he is the v c' i*0t robbers. His re- The Charleston Convention occupies every hypocritical measure, which was only passed net war—it is a_l fight On the other side of the and fuglemen of course get something moreThe enforcement of Sunday laws against thosewere laid before the Senate. Some other nnimpor server that the p*>P-« hnve but little part In who entertain no scruples about amusing them- The idea of introducing le boxe as a diplomatic gone a great way towards their Mass**-government to Mr. M Lane while Minuter to Chinapresent day the Vice President is nomine/ted ipview of the number of popular votes, he can The Court made it fifty pounds, whereuponMeans. An understanding exists that the sessions of On Bouse, during tbe Bitting of the Charleatoa Convention, shall be devoted to speeches.Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Streeton New 13069Fultwww.fultonhistory.comselves on the Sunday, and many of whom pro- bably have no belief in the Christian Sabbathelement must have astonished him slightly. Fancy the members of the Congress of Parisand a personalinsultofferedstrawberries—too expensive a luxury for com- mon folks, and so the bad blood has no oppor-all about tho poor old Pope; nobody has anyJanan intheirdr«_ain_>crowns -.mlLecompton Convention left him DOpower tochoose his course. That Convention was com-posed of tbe legitimately elected delegates of city on a visit to their homes.the people. Its voice only could be legally ac- WHAT WAS KOS- a OOKGBKB.cepted as the voice of the people; and whether The proceeding* in the Senate to day were wKhee the delegates had been false or true to their interest, and the attendance thin. A resolntioa wastrust, the President had no other course to pur- sue than to submit their action to the decision of Congress. Whether, being in this position,adopted requesting the Postmaster General to ooauaa nicate copies of the contracts with Johnson and Vender- bill for the mail service between New York and Saa Francisco and New Orleans and Saa Francisco, byMr. Buchanan should have done what the way of the Isthmus routes, together with all correspoa-dent is a purely selfish interest. They hope,by conniving at the personal malice of Forney,Hickman, Haskin, and a few other of the disap-pointed spoils hunters, against Mr. Buchanan,they will secure their services directly or indi-rectly in behalf of the Chicago nominationsduring the coming campaign. In this they orlhwBh, lieut. Dodtay,of the army, late from Utah, count partly upon the the sentiment of grati- now on leave of absence, will bo caUed. as a witaan.tude on the part of Forney & Co^ which Is TontevesUgaOoBWiU open a vast deal of important m formation, showing where a large portion of the petta about a! kbohg as a rope of sand, and part' Inoney has been absorbed, whether corruptly, ecoooni-ly on the fact that by giving them full caUy or otherwise.swing in their attack on Mr. Buchanan, they THI OOVODB cojatrrrnt.Attorney General Black was in the House to-day, verywill do so much that their return to the demo- much agitated, in onversaUon with Mr Covode, and otne? cratic camp will be impossible. They know members of tbe Investigating Committee/of which the Forney & Co.'s love for kitchen condiments too latter is chairman. The Attorney General was endeavor-well to believe that they will stay out in ing t* ascertain the precise character of the oath which the cold while there is a kitchen they can get the committee administers to witnesses. It is said anwas answered by proposals for $1,338,200In London the bank hasWhatever arrangements are made for their aocoauw—» Uon will be under his direction.other, striking evidence of the abundance ofTBS WAIXSH -5» e_»- *"—!«_- Orhnabel.arrived at on tee subject, for tee simple reason, perhaps, that the price varies with tee character of tee bargain. Sometimes an Alderman will bring a round thousand or two ; sometimes he£E£e_T even"lf h e were not conscientiously OPP* uSngde ofadjusting Offlcutttaa.ftasLTY-nrrn cowan**** ran ssssiow.Wv_MOTos,AprO»|M* rss inwsronoa- to oca ta-nrnt »A targe number of members of Congress have left taa t n P-COTT nun coarnucm 