 WHIT 111 C t m W DO^TL! btt ,Is* Brevet M*jer e*nerel£r*i.. F_ F t um rohV of A. 1L ItKcbaO, Into Genera «f list9fletsPt«t4andI;*.*?*** CihtovolanutrstothsMextonnwar.fee Fre&kknt«to revoiun-onry ciaimt. . . . , . „ Hubbard. •catauvet of Captain Thomas Bataara.PcndiBff Before CongressTBI rUUMIUftfiWtfOFWE CMHi, it. For the lellef ot Edward W. KentA bUl ror the rettef of Samuel H. • o o d s o o - _ _ .A hill for tbe relief of Harvey Alien, of Wisconsin. Abintorlbsreliefot(beheirsofLieutenantJamegTajlor,oftheVirginiaStateline.Jolat retoluthrn providing for (he appointment of comBnJstmneistoIrqulre sstoth*jurisdictionoftheauthor)• tics of Greytown over Pnata Arenas, aa to tho conduct of takl authorities, the value of property destroyed, t o .An act for too relief ot Abner Merrill, of tho State of Maine.A bill granting a pension to reverend WUilam H Rogers, ebsplnto in the United States army to the war with Mexico.A bill for (he relief of Aaron Quigley, aa invalid sea- nanA bill fcr the relief of Katherme K RoseelLA bill tor the relief of Mary F . Parker, sidow of Georg* Palikcr. *A bill granting a pension to Jontthcn W . Swift, ot tha United States navy. _ . . .A bill granting a pension to Charles Goodspood, a soldier ot tbevtarof 1(112. „ , _ , _A bin granting n pension to Hester Sergeant Mar- tin.A bill for tb* relief of Edward Ruraeiy.A bill for tbe rebcf of the surviving children of George Welter, Otceasw*,A bin for tb« Tthtf of Charles E. Andertoa.An act for the rtlief of Jeremiah Moors.A bill gtanting tn invalid pension to John Fnreail. AblUatantmgapensionto Harriet 8.Wyman,widowof Capt. Thom*B W. Wyman, Fost-Oaptaia tho BOTB! ser- vice cf toe United RtoteaA bill for the relief of Chauisc*y A Horr.tlvts *f Captain Andrew RuaseU, deoeaaed, of ths Virginia has.Abillforthotetttfofthe nhttcbttdrcBofCaptain RichardJones,anctR'artothoRevolution.An aot 'or the tehef ot toe legal representaUves of James Bell deceased.A bitl for tbe rel'.ef of Albert Ere and others.A bill for the iMief of Aatooe RoMdooxjoint res lotto u providing tor ths payment of two com-tarnsofOhio volunteers,rattedduringtbetatswarwithA bin to a'Aborts* tha Secretary of (be Treasury to set He tbe acco- ante of Colonel Wuaam Gates.A bill lo- -A * reciprocal extinguishment of certain claims bstwf en '.he United States and th* representative* of Ro- batt P.".tt, deceased.An f ct fir tha relief of F. M. Bunnell, pasted assistant tniB/ en to tbe navy.* bhforthereliefofWi'ilamMaxwellWood,asurgeon to the navy of the United BatonA bin for the relief ot Ralph King.A bin ior ths relief ot Richard Chenery.An aet for the relief of Wiittsm Money.An art tor the reller of David Myerie.An act for tne relief or Emibo G. Jones, executrix ofTl.on.h6 P . Jones deceased, and Nancy M Johnson, ad- Bsmtstratitx of Walter R Jtonaoo, deceased.An act for toe relief of James L Edwards, administre- tcr cf R Ihonas Geoney, deceased.A till for tbe relitf of Hooper & Williams, Livingston, Kitcaid & Company, Gilbert fc Gerriah, and others.A bin for the relief of Thomas Young sad George Touig. owners or the schooner Elisabeth Mary.A bill tor tbe relief of Harris k Hodge, of Missouri.A bill for tbe relief of Sampson Stsnfill. •Abilltoreducethecompensationaadmileageofsenatore, rtprisentativts tad delegates in Congress. Ke- tendered to them by tbe r*publawm*^ed t+x*WHATHASC03GEESSDOIE*or the tbop-of war Porumouth.84. For the isitof of Sweeny, Ritenhomm, Font k Co.ii. ¥ rifcerettefot Snmasl A West, flaa'ge Mo'Jul- kmth, H rsm MoCaltoogh aad Chartes Potdorg.-att.86. For th* relief ot Ann Scots. _37.FortoereliefofAceaathM.ETftott,widi* ofCa.i. Id ward G. Elliott.6$. For toe re ief of George B. Brott.39. For tha relief of Jeremiah Paadergant40. F. r tha relief of Mm Agatha O'Brien, widow ofBrevet httjor J. P. J. 0'Btien, late of tho United States himy41. For the relief of th* legal tscirtSsntaHves of W et- ottan,toncfJamesConner42. An net to grant the right of preemption to n certain tract of tons in th* State of Utesouri to the heirs and le- gal representatives of Ibomas Maddto, deceased.43 For the relief of Willi* m P . Bow bay.44 For the relief of Mary J Maddnx46. For tbe relief of Jsae M MoCrabb, widow of thetote Cnpv. John W. kcCrabb, Asstataat Qssrtnrmnster, U. B m a y .46 For ibe reMef of Wea/ell Troni.47. For the relict «t Bnuton Bragg, aad Raadall L. Gibson48 An sot ta grant a pension to Vary J. Harris, widow ofCol.ThoixaBL Martla,deosaaed.49. For the relltX ot M C. Griizoar.60. For tbe tefluf of John Scott, Bill W. BOOM sad Samuel U. Haute-.porudwitoareccmmeaoatkmtnatthebuldonotpasa Abilltoconfirmoertainpayments,aadtoictairtttishepay ef porter a eterkaA bill makisg approprlattoas for the service or tha PostOfhce Department during the fiscal year ending the 80th cfJon*,1661.A bill to authorize divorces in the District of Columbia, ana for other pm posesAn act to autbonze the Levy Court to Issue tavern end ether brenscs to to* District ef ColumbiaAn act to tooorpnato tha Grand Ledge of th* Indepen- dent Order ot Odo Fellows el the District of Columbiaan set to incorporate the Nsttonal Gallery sad School ef AitsintheDistrictotColumbiaAn act dbrecttng the conveyance of a tot of ground for tbe use ol the public schools la Washington oily.a hill to reimburse to* corporation of Georgetown, ta tbe District of Columbia, a sum of money advanced to- wards tbe eonitraettoa of the Little Falls bridge.Jcitt resohiiton explanatory of the aet entitled "An aet to conitLue bait pay to certain widows sad orphans," psrstd Febrcsry 8,1863.A bul providing for tbe examination of claims for In- dian deprebatioxs la the Territory of New Maxiot.A bib graaUng alternate sections of toe public tends to sid In tbe oonttrocttan of certain railroaia to the Terri- tory of NebraskaA bill making additional appropriations for tha erection ol the publicbuUdlngt of Washington Territory.A blU regulating contracts la the military service of the United States ,_ , . .by Sumner, will relect some one ef to* sound sad emvattd •titisniia tot their ranks fartbePre- iidtsey, aad another ot similar oaaraotar, bat fresn a afferent quarter ef Pho Untoto, for to* Vise PreaV <ecey, they would sweep every now doubtful ftats. a edOtttaatotheseventeendemocraticStatssalrealysafa There never was a greater opportaarry for a stenai tri- umph ot tbe national (eattment o n r sectmaahsm. But the ttaidard of qualiaoauo* ought to be kept hich is makit g tbe nominations at ihto crats; let essasesam for- get tbair dissensions, tet ambtetoa* aanli*sm defer to the fabric welfare, tat two men, wise, exnavteasad, moderate and reliable,be cfcOMB, who would attract tie respect a n l >cttV«Beeof all parts or the country. Lot not tftsaaes urn of fitness be determined by nay etsmtssrattaa sa to tbe political hobbies of the hour, er waatoer th* ean« date can (hammer in n popular assembly, or eonsurnt hto antogcstols to a blase ot ce:tav>a'ion, or wither them with tbe flash of his sarcasm; but ruber by his ability to con- coct with judgment and success the practical adssiaaara. tion of oar wictly spread country, < n its foreign sad do- meitie polity, and by the subttaauhl pledge for purity, wisdom and patriotism which his pa«t ufo la high piim eel static* baa afforded. It tbe democracy on to* 16th will make choiso of two men oa thee* principles. the Americaa people will nobly stead to tbstr support sectmasltoae will oe rebuked, ths "tnepressthta eoeawt'*will be effectually repressed and the roll spirit et black repubiicantoat exorcised forever.WAKHISOTOH,Jtins 8,1660.ffCUMIUagrteaeaa CM oftfen publte acta which haveapproved by the PrealdealPTJBI/C ACTS IPPROVTED--WtllMKptepriattOBS,l!f.>"yV?^J***.18*9. D*i^roeutWrttteftoe*tiy*er ee*tof taefKnft Jnne, 18*9.Be IMtattoo, t o , that ah*-earn of four million two bua- dred sod LB«;iti ilm—*1 mil nttti In'linr in1 fmntj • 1 e n i i a bet toy appropriated for the purpose indicated hi caption. That towardsXL* support of IM Pest Omc* De- p*/tm*Lt *-,p the bteei year ending 30Ui of Juno, 1M0, (to •vm ti four mtUtonsof ROUSTS, pa, aYe from tbe treasuryM i loot<jflk» raven** to appropriated, and iherurtbar _ - &f i*o.m- >tl«tt»o«• ftntttert honitdre--ii ttbheousaal1t*o asppreoprrtiau.poyeble from (be Treasury, to be wpendau ta pay- it e.ciusfraly t* Postmasters, clerks, mnil deprela- sueetal M t k , for transit tattoo, stamps, pnpnr, nvg* bisTnai arereet at the rateof tixperoeot, to n mmeaos sixty <aj» after expiration of (be quarter to wbu n toe aervme was rendered; but to no c u e prior to l*t nay, to**, b> onto of approval of tato not, be paid onai tonit cue cofr^reetors tor carr>ing n n i ; saeh Interest•etog of tbe oourt In cane o| th* sickneaa or tonbtilty of ton regular Judge. ApprovSd April 20, ISoO.14. RagumUngto* appointment w cleikt to tbe inmbsr toe service may demand tn (be Consul Bureau. Approved May 6,1*6016. Autouitom (be corporation of Washington City to snake a loan and tasae stock for i v e hundred Unusaod naisara lor boiidtng a market boose. Approved May 9, I86016 Providing payment for deprecation! commtttel by tbe whites upon tbe Shawnee Iaaians in Kansas Territory. Ibiriy t u thousand seven hundred aad eleven dollars is appropriated for this purpose, approved May 9,1840.17. Ia aa act to carry intoeftVat a Convention bet rreea the U:.lied Stolen Akd toe ;epablk> of Paraguay. Pro tides ior tbe appe'ntment of Ooamiisniaoer and Sacratory to adjust to* claims of the United States aad Pa-agueyKavsjauon (Jnmpany, agatnat tbe government of Para guar. App:ottd il*y , IS, i860.18. Makes apprcprialion of twenty Ore thousand one hundred and sixty dollsrs for ssnil cervlcs on the new pott routes in Western Kaotas, autoorbnd by tbe aot of iaaioli 'St, 1*40, and tour hundred Umaend dollars in ap proprAie-i tor the new routes ettabl^bed by tbe ao. of Jane 11,1868. Approved Mty lfi, IsU).19 apps*v*4 May to, 16«0, create* aa additional land dMLrtct in Wanaingwa Territory.90 Ameada toe ohartor of th* Provident Association of Oarks, so that a niot",r by giving one month's notion saay withdraw from vie asrooUton aad receive such funds as UK Board of ctioers may txmnkter just, Approv- ed May 20, K 40tl. An aot to supply deflcieactea in tbe appropriations rar the ser vie* «f the Isoal year ending June 30,1881.22. Appropriate* one hundred and ten thousand dollars for coneu ucuag K-.u-Ury roads tn (be Territory of Wash togton. Approved May 36,1800.tbastelSmnb, deseased.A bill for the relief of the heirs of John Paulding,David Wl-Uame, L>aac Van Wert, and Sergeant John Cbsmte.A bill for the relief of James S. Campbell.A bill for the re ief of Mrs Mary Ann Henry.A bill giswing a pension to John Sandtes.A bill for tbe relief or Anthony W. Bayard.A bill for toe relief of Eimira White, widow of CaptainTbcmasR While.A bll! for the relief of the heirs of Colonel BenjaminWilson, deceased.A bill for tbe relief of Dr. kdward Jarris.A nlli fo the relief of David Myerle.A bill fcr tbe ie:ief of the legal representatives of P . P .Hull, deceased.A bill for tbe relief of Oliver HarrisA bill for the relief of Hannibal Graham.A bill for the relief of Arthur Edwards aad others.A bill fcr tbe re Her or Allen L Perter.An act for toe relief of John Scott, Hill W. Boose andSnipue O. Rouse.A bill for tbe i*lief of J. C. Perry, for carrying ths malltor one quarter from Pittsburg w Franklin.Ac act for th* relief ot Michael Nash, of the Districtof Columbia.A bill for the relief of the creditors of Daniel B. Vondnrsmith.A bll for tbe relief of Stephen O. Gibbs.A bill lor the roller of John Kelly.A bill for tbe relief of tbe legal representatives of JohnMoshier.A bid for ths rettsf of tbe children of Mrs Harriet deIn Palm Baker, deceased daughter and legal heir of tbe late Lieutenant Colocel Frederick H. WeauenJels, of (be army of tho Rcvchitlon.A biil to pay B Y. Shelley for bis claim and improve-A bin for the relief of Elizabeth King, of the State oT ments tskin ftom bim by the Omaha reservation, to Ne vention. He to also exhibiting some strength tn thej ^ , .i ! kTrkTVB lb* HU» Of MM* # « •Jotnt resototV A Mthorittog tha proper aceoontlng « « • nertof the«•faW!y to revlw ..a^jqtt lhe aooounuOf Jcbn Band ^,ph C w y Vtttmt g^te, Uiamm to Pern.An aot , o r jjj, Tejter o, j>Bncit Datoese,J«to'# yeaoloitoa relntlv* to the sUeged seizure and ooa- "f^auonof he Americaa bark Adriatic by toe FrenchA Mi for tho relief at K. George Squier, of Now York. Abillforth*reliftotJsaeB Ivans.Jomt resoiutkn for the relief of Rail Neilson. AbilltorthsrtliefJosephCG Kennedy. A Wl for (h* relief of Samuel 8 Green.Saw York.jMstotresotattoaaartaartxtogtha pensions towhlehosr-61. For tbe rOief of the surviving grand children of Col. Wiiliam Tbomvson, cf toe Rtvolntaanry Army, of Sooth Carolina6 2 . F a r t h e r e R r f o f J o h n W . T a y l o r a n d c e r t a i n o t h e r ats't c :.re of lire *iup«.lon land locations.63. tx,r lbs -rebel of Samuel J. Huseley.PUBflC RESOLUTIONS APPROVED.1. Giving the connent of Congrtss to Captain William rnber !«•*«*• for (be year etdiBf. &Kb of Jnon, 1MI. R. Sbabrirtk to accept a ntvurd presented to bim byAn act fur the reii» t of Ssmcel H. Taylor.'An act ror the rellif cf Tneresa Dardeone, widow ofAbraham Dardtnnc, deoassd.and tneir children.A b i l l t n r e l a t i o n t o m i s s i o n c l a i m s a t S a n l t S t o M a r i e ,Micbbfsn.A bfll for the rtlief of Ihomas F Bowler, of New Mexi-co.A *>H1 for tho relief of John Monty. representative! ef A bill for the relief of the leeal province of LowerJames Bel), late of Chambly, in the Canada, receaeed.A bill tor toe relit f or the legal rcpresentottvoo of Lleu- toaan( Fianc'S Ware.A bill for the r»hef of the retrs and legal representa- ttve» of Jesn A. B D'Auteilve.A bill for tbe relief cT Jacob Pall,A bill for tbe relief or the administrators or the estate of tbe late Almon W. Babbitt, Secretary of Utah.A bi I Icr the relief of the legal rtprtsentaU res of Frede- rick F. Broee, deceasedA bill lor the relief or Samuel X. KUtott and others, children of Arthur LiliotttA bin for the relief of Rebecca Davis, wfJow of Jesse Davis.A bill for the relief or the children of WUilam Bum phrey a rolcier of the Revolution.A bin gTanuig a pensioa to Archibald Merrimin. A b'll Icr the rtlief of Uao mo K C ark.A bill for the relief of Henry Sanford.A bit' for the rtlief of Moses Grooms.A bill for ib» relief of Juoith Noil, widow of John Nott, late of Ihe United Suite army.A bill for tbe relief of James Van Pelt.A bin to Increts-e the pensiou of William W. Dlebl.A bill granting a pension to Daniel Lccaa.A bill gifci-ttbg a peition to Leopold Schneider.A bill grsntUg a pension to Robsrt Pur hase, a sol iterof the Revolutionary war.A bill granting aa invalid pension to Hsnry F. Bowers. An act ior tbe r« lie; of Sheldon UcKnight.A bin tor tne roller of William Cowing.A bill for tbe relief oi IluU and Oozzens,and John Nay-lor &Company.Joint resolution glvlrg construction to the tecocd sec-tion of tbe aot of Febiuary 3,1853, "to continue half pay to certain widows and orphans "A bill for the relief of Jans Smith, of tbe county of Clor- ment. Rata ct Ohio.A bill lor the reller of Margaret Taylor, of Putnam county, I<messesA bUl fcr the relief of Ai.na Parrot, of Clinton county, Ohio.U yevtoorebef of Mrs. A^se* - therege.tsof ft general hospitalSmltn, Mr* Itarritt law Brev*t m»j*r !J-L~1irf;«^'r»i Ata^aader Macomb.B Macon, b, widow of MajorbeB**^l* 72MMata* MMI U bA bill lor the refnf of the legal representatives of Capt. 28. An act mat tog apt roprtallo; s for the Consular and Samoel Jones, of the Virginia continental line during theAn act to grant to tbe pariah of Point Coupee, Louisiana, rubia, cf New Orleans. Reported with an amendment. certain tracts of land to said parish, Reported withIHptamaii; tapecMti ot the govarmenl for the year end- tog June 30,18C1, aad far other purposes. To.li bill makes the usual appropriabcn for (be support of onr foreign ro prasenanvan24. Approved slay 28, I860, tettlei the titles to cer- tain lands set apait for the use of certain half breed Kan- sas Indians in Kansas Territory.26. ADproved May 26, 1800, authorize* the President ot ibe taxed States, in conjunction wttn tbe State o. Cal- ifornia, to ton end mark tbe boundary line bat veen too Tnrntortta ol toe United States aad ton State ot «3aiifor- nto.A biU to provide tor the pa; meat of the claim of J. W . Nye, assignee ct Peter Bargy, Jr., and Bugh Stewart.A bill for the relief of J W. Nye.A bin for the relief of J. W. Nye.A bill for the relief of the heira of Nathaniel Beard.A bill for the relief of the heirs of William P . McCuily.deceased.A bill for the relief or Camilla C. A. Ponce.A bill tor the relief of Charles Trtcbe and EdwardRodrigue.A bin for the relief of Erastus S Joslyn.A bill for tbe relief of M. M. Marmaduke and others.A bin for toe relief of the heirs of Abraham Livingston. A bid ror the relief ot Mauriae K. Simons, ot Jackson26. Approved June 1,1SS0, nulborlzeathe Domestic andRevolut onary war.A bf i for the relief ot the surviving children of IsraelFitabie, a Revolutionary solder.A bill for tbe relief or William Packwood.A Dill Tor tbe relief of Michael T. Simmons.A bill for the relief of Htram Paulding.A bill for the relief of Reuben and Rhoda H. Champion. A bill for the relief of the children of Tousan Lavarn-way.A blU granting a pension to Susannah Scott, widow ofWiliam Scctt.A bill for the relief of tbe rarvMcg children of Johnamendments.Joint resolution removing the restriction upon a partemgrant ef five sections of land to tho State of IowaA bill tor the relief of Alexander Cross.A bill for the relief of Isaac Lilly.A bill for the relief of A, Bledsoe, William Rryton. WU-ilam C Scott, William Doty and others.A bin lor tbe relief of John E Barron, James Porterand Aaron L L E Crenshaw.A bill authorizing the Postmaster General to open andreadjust toe accounts of L. F . Sanger aad John Frink k Company, mall Contractors.A bin tor tbe relief of William A. Linn's estate.A bill for the relief of Lieutenant George W. Malone, of GeorgiaA bUl granting an Invalid pension to George W. Allen.PUBLIC ACTB.PENDING EKFOKE CONGRESS.Anneal message of the President ot the United StatesA bill for tbe relief of tbe children of Nathaniel Emerson.A bill for the relief of Mary Hopper.An aot for the relief of Nicholas UnderbillAnacttor(hereliefofMrs.AEOhUds. decks;and,withtheviewofgivingtimeforthisobject, A bill granting a pension to Nathan Whitman.And why not? say they: why not let it come, tf the choice to to be between squatter sovereignty, which has taken Kansas sway from us, and which will take away every other territory, now and hereafter, in the Union, and Congressional republican intervention, which can d o nothing mere? There are eighteen free States against fif- teen tlave States now, and four or five embryo free States clcse to tbe rear. What security Is there for the South, unkss some opening be mace for us southward nader the protecting platform adopted by the Senate of the United Statet? We will stand b y t b e Senate platform a t BUU more. If onr Northern brethren wiU join us, good- If they will not, then let us part la peace. What bettor ceovie can we pursue?Some apprehensions ere entertained among the repub- licans that the Southern democracy of the Senate win con- trive, by soke device or other, the detent of the adnstontoa of Kansas; but s s Southern men have become oblivious ss to the importance of the vote or Kansas to the Presi cental election, we cannot doubt tho success of her pre tent application We think that the rots upon the bill will b e a sectlonsl one, but that all sections will feelwhen this thing shall have been finally disposed of. WASHTHGTOH, JOBS 7,1880.Effedt of Sumner's Harangue— The Country Aroused to fas True laue-Tht Herald'» Article* Working fTeU-BaMt inertCfcmxnmMofQu18u-itt/Julyto(ktCotmtry- OUriout Oyfertenify ef a Democratic lriumpk—WKai Kind of Mm Ought to be JVminafed, tie.Strange as it may appear to a conservative to any ao, IThere to a disposition on all sides to retrench, is viewcf tbereeponslbUiUeeofallaidestoconnectenwithtbePresi denttal election. Thustttoquitspossible thattheremay beretrenchmentsmadeOttosesttaaInthegeneral billof onr federal expenditures, which win throw upon toe neat session and the next Congress en increase ef expenditure* to the extent of fire, six, ejght or ten millions ot dollars. Many things will be pat off ror the snore purposes ef busibe, s a d many things w m be denied, because of toe condition or the -The democracy, meantime, continue like a leaking ship ttuck fast ta the mud, awaiting the tide, and the i imp tn, carpenters s a d caulkers, w h o a r e expected to pot her afloat Talk or the "dean teak on the Speake- ft was a vary paltry bagatelle coot ranted with this dead k>« of our democratic President makers. Every day t a w es • tangling alliance! become sllll more entangled, so that to- day net a man among them pretends to know or to nader- stand say plsn of extrication.They are all telling about the man for the crisis. Ths friends of Mr. Douglas say they have the gams no*- in their hands; (hat the border staves Stows a n ready to submit, aad that the seceding States, excepting one or two, win b e compelled to surrender. The truly national men of the party, anxious for a treaty of peace, are an at sixes s a d sevens. They edsatt that Mr. Douglas win never do; b a t soma of them taetst upon General Ian*,. seme upon Mr. Dickinson, some upon Mr. Guthrie, some open Mr. Breckmri Ige, and some upon Mr. Hunter, as toe only man equal to tbe atotaslttot of the ease.While beating about Ots bash, w e have svan hstrd the name of Henry A Wise mentioned as the available of all available*forthecrisis;batthedimoattytonottoe»*a to be nominated, bat the man to be sataaito— Mr l»i:g'v And bowtobetobesetante*? Hehasamajorityofto* Baltimore Convention—thai majority has adopted b* p *=-nrm that platform mesas Mr. Doogtas sad nobody ««' WiU the majority adopting that ptatform eonneuttorecoa stder tt and reject it, and to substitute the ptatform of to* Senate resxdations/sdepiod by every democratic vote cJ that body except o n e (Mr. Pugb, of Ohio, Mr. Djagtm bang unseat)?That is the difficulty, and l: to Idle to talk Of tbe man until thto thing ef tbapistform to broad eeCugb » taketat..beS_nat.h._.^Wf^iljlthfctjo,ba^edone* No; Corla aoiagd0Berthto you displace Mr. Douglas—you exooasmuntcr.e turnfiom tbe church: and before his friends wUI permit bim todothtotheywtiiappealfromth*Conventiontotoepoo pie. R tt Cesar or nothing.Tbe news received yesterday of the doings esscsg toe U0democracy of Alabama and Georgia strongly « W * * * * view ot thto great difficulty. The Douftae facftoa initoose States,boltingagainstthevoiceof the W g J ^ f f l ^ fctel to them, bsveeet ap sc«tesltog>»elen»Mon in eaco of Mcee Sto.es. sad these Dough* ««-JP**»* • « "f* probably be admitted at Baltimore. Their apt^tsaeat betraysaaontteratandiog oftorns?ru Doe*torn*»« likepeem? DoesItnotrataarlookliketheeamptw?"J Bu.tto.er*,frosaendtoend,oftbeaptttoosunenasdatrr.arketou? _ -.,.w—~ Ttto to tbe view of some of onr moat •egeelou* * * * £ *ftmocrette leader*. They give rt up that there Is no vw t-le ctnne* ror the dtor<*o»meui of R ^ » f ^ *?*".. form Tbeybsve nofaithlaDean Richmond. W9 « ptct a spit, and toey era remgsed to the «*"*}"*2*dOn* of tnese dteurgulsned ttouthara inon, • * • " " J tbe other .<!** would the Southern » « e s i f W?**Lmooto should ne elected Presides t, or wonM toty W5 For to* relief nf Mary E Castor.4. For tan rattsf af Saanbnth * . Oocks, widow of Major JamesH Cnokn, Uato Marshal of ths Dtomct of Texas6 V* th* radsf of to* legal reprnsnatabTen of Robert B Morris, into Pistmisttr of th* oJty of New York.<- Fw * • rnttsf of ths Amaricnn Board of commto-widow of Frederick Perrtgo ' A bill granting a pension to William M. 8. Riley A bill tor tbe relief of Edwin W. Jones.A bill grantirg a pension to Spirhank Parioaa. A bill for the rt Her cf Joseph Pike.^ 1atcners far Istnaga Mbmtoaa. 3An act for the relief of Aaron H PalmerAn act for the relief ef Franklin Peale.A bill for the relief of Ephraim HuntAn set to provide tor the qulstmc of certain land tit'estn tbe late disputed Territory to tbe state of Maine, anaIcr olhar purposes.An act for the rettsf of Bi W. Guff.A joint resolution to anthorixe tha Postmaster General taI L !**» # < Tl"•" TBlabrawn.8 FM inn raam of Ly*m Frasen, widow and adnalnnv ars*rix o; o>aa Frnnaa,ton*of to* ettv af New V m *9 For to* rabs/tf vTttlnnV«assmrA bill for tbe relief of Timothy Cavan, an Invalid pen tioner .Cortland, State ot New YorkA bill for the relief of Ann B. Johnson, of (he county ofA bill lor the relief of tho heirs of Benjamin Moore, deceased.An act for toe relief or D. G. Farragut.An act for the relief of Mills Juuson, surety on the offi- cial bond of the late purser Andrew D Crosby.A btil :or the relief or William Hajnle, administrator of Ann HaynieA bill for the relief of the children oi Elizabeth Yancey, widow cf John Ysncei.A bill for tbe relief of Elizabeth Cole, widow of Levi Cole, deceased,A bill for the relief of Catharine Ansart.A bill for the relief of Molly W. Bobbe, widow o* Jotish Hobbs. or New Hampshire.A bul for the relief of the surviving child ay children of Mary Hasklcs, dtcease 1.A bill tirtctirg tbe payment of arrearages of pension due Simon Smith, deceased, late a pensioner, to his heirs at law.A bill granting a pension to Etheldred Stafford, of Lnti- sana.A bill for tbe relief ot Mowry Bates, of Rhode Island.A bUl fcr the relief of Nancy G. Van Rensselaer, widow ot Lieutenant Colonel Henry K. Van Rensselaer, of New York.Mr. Dallas Gaining Strength, but the Sou* Fixed Jgaintt Bin, de , <fe.Our dtmocratic politicians here are completely adrift.The withdrawal of Horatio Seymour from the Presiden- tial arena dispels even that Utile ray of light oa s har- binger of democratic harmony, and all hands here ap- pear to have resigned themselves to a smash -up of the party machine at Baltimore. The New York Dean Rich- mond delegation ban set Itself up as the arbiter of tbe Convention—the withdrawal of Seymour as a candidate removes the last doubt to the minds of the Southern men s s to the ultimatum of Dean Richmond—it is Mr. Douglas and the Pacific railroad; a state of things which may, perhaps, lead to another call upon tbe Fernando Wood delegation ftom the democracy of the Southern States.Mr. Douglas holds his ground firmly to the North. He Is gaining ground there. He Is stronger in that setoion to day than he was on the day of tbe secession of the tight rebellious Southern States from tbe Charleston Con-Forrester, a soldier of (he Revolution.Cauicb ID the Uotied States, to enter at t l 36 per acre a A bin for toe relief of James Saxton, a soldier of the He county, Texas.Fcre-gD Missionary Society ot tbe Protestant Eutscopalcertain tract of land m Wisconsin kaosn as Uw "Missloo Farm "27. Approved June 1,1600, mtkns appropriation for ton support of tan MiUtory Academy lor tne year ending June 80,184128. Amanda tbe act organizing na institution for (be In- sane of tbe ANsty sad Navy, and tor (hnDistrict of Colum b» la ssod DsMrtot, so that the Snpartotondeat mayre- ceive the tosnas belonging to the Army aad Navy aad Revenue Cuttor aerrtcs, by order of the Secretaries of War, Vary and treasury. Approved June 1,1860.» . An act to increase aad reguiaU tbe pay of the Nary of tbe Uaitod Statss.30. Approved Jcae S, 1800, directs UMconveyance of a tot of ground for the una of th* public schwb] of the city of Wanhtostsa.volution.A bill granting a pension to Sutton M. Young.A bill for (he relief of Ziia Williams.A bill for toe relief of Samuel Goodrich, Jr .A hill gran ling deficiency and Increase of pension toItsac Carpenter.A bill granting as Invalid pension to Adam Garlock. A bin ior toe relief ot Stephen Bunnell.A bill granting an isvalid pension to John Piper.A bill -or tbe relief of Henry Taylor.A hit! granting a continuation of pensim to Ann G. Barker.A bill for the relief of tbe l?gal representative! of Gos- tavus B Horner.A bid gra^tirg increased pension to Richard Bmier. A bin grantirg an increase of pension to Joseph Filos.A bill ror the relief or Samuel A. Coale, Jr.A bill ror tbe relief of ths surviving children of John McPitiel, a soldier of the Revolution.A bill tor the rtlief of Sarah Howard, widow of James Howard.31.ApprovedJune7,totorth*rnttefofcertainsettlers AbillgrsntlcgapensiontoPhobeAnnShockley.m tbe State of low*. Jt'int resolution for the redef of the sureties of CharlesW. Cutter.A bill for ths relief of tho helri of Barnt de Klyn, de-HUVAT1 ACT8 AFPROVBD. ceased1Forto*raftofofWUflamRHerrlck. AMilforthereliefoftbesurvivingchildrenandthe 2 For the reaef of the togal rasrsasataUvc of CbArles issue of any deceased child aad children of Henry Brock-AbillgrantingapensiontoMargaretWatts,widowof ofthisBouse,ofeppototingexMembersofCongresstohoist Livingf ton.A hill for tbe rettsf of Kerr, Brierly & Co.A bdl to anthorixe tha Com missionar of Indian Affairsto adjudicate and settle certain claims against the Mono- moan* Indians.A bill for the relief of Benjamin Tyson.A h 11for toe relief of ths legal representatives of Wil- liam B Draper.Abtilforto*r*U«fofHiphaletBrown,Jr.A bill for the relief of toe hairs of William York.A bill for. the it'ief of the children of Stoathan Sears,sa officer of the Revolution.A bill .'or the relief of the children of Daniel Coit.A biU granting aa Increase of pension to Mary Perruro.Aa aet in rotation to the assignees ot bounty land war- ranto.A bill to provide ror tbe public prating, binding, engra vicg and lithographing.A bill to reduce the expenses or tho Post Office Depart- mentA bill to tuppresa the unlawful collection nod delivery ot letters.A bill to provide for an appeal to the .Supreme Court of the United States to certain criminal oases Reported with ame cements.A bUl to divide the State of Pennsylvania into three ju- dicial uktricte, and to establish a district, court to he holi- es to tbe city or Erie.Sumner will do great good at this crista Nay, Ms benefi- tml operation Malready manifest The effect Is very dif- ferent, Indeed, frost that which he saticipated—if hs can be supposed to have contemplated anything but the out- pouring of the bearded feelingsof rereag* Bottothe country It will prove advantageoua Just some such out- spoken sad full revelation of tbe aims, purposes aad de- terminations of toe republican party was needed in order to arouse the American people thoroughly to a sense of the magnitude of the interests that are at stake, and which wm be secured or lost by the Presidential etoetioam No- vember. Tbetrueaadonlyquestionssre-Sballtho government be placed tn tbe bands of txperieaced and Iatriotio statesmen, who will a u k s the ooattUatioa tbair snide sad win be able to tttmtttn the integrity of tbe rjtmaaadtheequality oftbeseveral States? or,Shall it*chosenstaadnrdbearersofasectionaltacticn,forthe fiisttimetnth*historyotthenation, boelectedtotbeKEW TORK HERALD, m^^Y^JVmj^m^^^ AblUfortheraltofefMraEttaabethWolf, of Tray,SHEET.A bffl making-^--. naval fir tha year sadtcg the Pott ef Jaaa. 1M1.AbUltoregelateth*seaservicepayof porters mthebothering about popular sovereignty, sfavory hi ftto Territories, tariff, h e , when a great battle to aa ha a » . lortbeveryexmteae*efto*Uaioa. ^^*Thto fesbag, I reteto* to say, • nagb th* delegates to the Baltimore Cmm Tb* Bnuu> deserves the thanks of the the direct sad mealy spirit ta a took real base anl tb* ami and ebiUej20 lor boranef if Madison twnotaW ,.It.Anacttoauthorisetoeinsuranceofpateabito(ho AnnetforthoreliefofAT.SpoaosrtadGordon8. AbilliorthereliciofthohehrtotUW•*•Mftiropra-aamc af Jamas & Duuglaa upon oeitoto toad entries saaaa at tho .kt humee, Mtes.26. For tho rettsf tf Til man lank.29. For tho rafial of Richard W. Meade.30. Forth* relief of George 8to*J*y.•1. For the relitf of David D. Porter82. far th* relief of Gtorge & Bacon, toto acting pnnorA bill for tho relief of A. T Spenoer and Gordon &* ? M t a r (hs rshol Robert -Dooglass, gates and Bsman.A bUl for tho relief of UM neirs oi Lieutenant GeorgegurriTorof Doa- Walton-A bill for the rtU*t ©i the ifgat heirs or* ispwtaatvAn act tor the relief of tbe heirs at law of the lateto>•i>aidt*a*rac*orselate,»ndto*sametoinfoilofnil UnremittedJtmmcfPretttentetuchmem—tfeetUemfhtaaw.it« by reeacn of title/ in paymenta. rant one (boa MAJ t» appropriated for the service of temporary clerks T h a t n>« p r i n k f * <* ^ w ' • • ' * ' • b a n t s b e e e e n r a d b y c o n - tract efur totrty days pabiM noooe.to (be btgbent bidder.A bill for retiring superannuated and other disabled eliteib ftom the United States army.A bill to prevent and punish frauds In the use of fame stomps, brands, labels or trade marks.AbintoprovideiortbeexamiaetonottheclaimsofDemocracy of the Action Taken by knoAe, /brwey, O n . tin <C Co—Many ef ike Democracy Recreant ti the Ai mvnutnUUm—tftct ef the Hecra*g*et in Oemorem, eh. It matt be mortify tog to every candid and true heartedti. Mat utr nppropr»tt >oa for (be paymnai of toraM andcitizens of the United States ior indemnity ror spoUatioosccmmlVed oa them by Indians sad Mexicans on the fron- observer who has any respect for tbe ecnstituaVl autoori-r*r a»klU/^nalona unUer »»rwm acts, four haadraa and ( • t o n a w toouMod ooimro; rot penetona to widowa of (bnae *b* Mrrod to (be R«»oKtlooary war, nader (he toird weftaa of ibeaelof Jaly V 18W, U » acta of July 7.Csptt-n Oneral and President Urqnisa of (he Argentine Ccnledeindon.2. Mailing appropriaUon of 110,000 for maugnrallng (ho equestrian statue of Washington.tier of toe State o Texas -A moiuuon relative to the expediency or abclmhlag aportionoftbelandtflicesortbeUnited3tatea.An act concerning courts in tbe Territories.A bill asking appropriation* tor the improvement ofceium harbors ana rivers.A bul makirg appropriations tor the construstlon, pre-servation and lepatrs of certain tortitications and other woibs of oefence for the year ending June 80,1661.A bli to incorporate tbe Guarnan Society, and reform juvenile cOendeiB. mJte District of ColumbiaA bill to iponrporsto the American Pharmaceutical Association to Washington city, in the District of Colum- biaA bill to Authorize Ihe construction of railways to the cities of Washington and Georgetown, and the extension, coLEUicucn and use of tbe Metropolitan Railroad into and within tbe District of Columbia.A bin to appropriate annually tor ten years the sum of g'Ai.rtO Icr erecting a monument to George Washington at the test of 'he federal government.A biL uacorpcratiig the Catholic Bent Aerial Total Abati nitre A<rociaUtn of tbe District of ColumbiaA bill to carry into effect a conditional contract for the puichase el c«ml.an act u> aueboiise tbe extension and use ot n branch of tbe Alexandria. Lnnrioua and Hampshire Railroa-i within tbe city cf Georgetown, Reported with an amend- mentA bill O erect a new jail In (be city of Washington.A bill to amend (he act'of the 23u of April, 1808, entitled "An act making provision for arming and equipping the wfco.e booy of the militia of the United States." Reported w th sn amendmentty of hto country to consider the conduct towards Prati dent Buchanan which bss bean indulged In recently by seme who call themselves democrats. That suoa creatures so Coved*, Forney, Haskln, Hickman and tb* like attempt to disparage tbe mas whom they could sat 1to their purposes w a s to have been expected; betto tt net the depth of meanness sad ingratitude to other men, who make some pretensions to tetraeiM sad decency, to avow that during the canvass of (hto year for toe Pre*. deney they Inteni to make no defence or justiflcahon of the character or (he action of (he administration when either to assailed: that the opposition may denounce tadridicule both to their hearts content; thai (hey will net, lor roc th, be encumbered during the straggle against Lin- coln cr Bell with the burden of what they are pleased to call the corruptions and abuses justly chargeabto to tbe present men ta power.1 trust that yon a a d other independent tooraabsts of tifluence wul not fall to notice a n i stigmatise the equally vain and base spirit that cictt el tha procedure oa tha part ot those who have dene and are doing all ta tbetr power to destora'ize tbe demo^s'i; party. During the last two years theaame game has been repeatedly triel In differtn quarters by disaffected and dtoappointel as- SiianU, and It it a notable tent, that to every State andi every dittrtct of every State where the democracy thus cemoiaiizcd and seduced into making war upon (heal- ministration, or into Ignoring or pasting over wiihtadK terenc*, or eamntng with faint praise tbe President hto> telf—tbt re the democratic party baa uniformly met wiii serious kaaeo, mortify tng failure, or actually disastrous defeat Tet tbe experience ot these two years seems to be lest upon tome cf these patriots, who, with profeseioie of democracy oe their lips, are rivalling the Covodcs and Basiiina and Forneys in their mrck berate vaporing about the tins o" tbe democratic simtmstration, aad tbetr fictitious teal for the correction of imaginary abuses and the redress or fabricated wrongsCan snv ,aticnal being, who knows anything of the leaders cr partita, really entertain t h e belief that under Lincoln or Bell the administration will be conducted In a purer or more elevated manner than it has been by Mr. Buchanan? It would b e Mta and foolish to indulge such an ideaTbe excessive and pernicious partisanship of certain would be leaders would not be so promotive of isju'y to tbe country were Mnot for toe excessive aad pernicious acmiration which follows tbe most Intemperate harangues to Corgress, and saerifioes the fame of th* wisest audlaas, M«.-«b3, l&O, Jun*l7,l»44, Feb. 2 and Jaly M,U4», a*4 HWKttdaasUon »( toe act of fob. », 1*63,(nobua«.'vd iboviaud doilwe; for praatooa to wtdowa a n lwtbMf ^ad«roib*racie,iWtytboatand dolinra, fomnvym<*^a (cnmtns, fnr(>--fbxen ibuuaaod dollari; for navypteiKbi u>wttu« aaa e>pb*DA nnder n3( of Aag.11,IMS ote bundled >o4 tw««ty »i«bt (benanad doUara; torrrouter ttVftUoa.onettieeeand aottam. Approrad Marob •mentioned.7. Autfcor / i r g Captains William R Hudson and Joshua 3 Aothciixto|(be 8e*r«U'j of (be Trenattryto toiue B. Sands to accept certain testimonials awarded to them r»t kit tr J>teboooera Biteo Rljod nad Sa<ab B>id,of by tbe gevernment ol Great Britain—memorials of thotrC.«t|o, n tbe Strte ef Ne* Yoin. Approted Marcb i, services in la>lug down the Atlantic cable.8. Antoorizirg the enlargement ot and construction of ai Fittodiof tbe p otntooe o( aa at* to eoable tbe feaM oi AtkM^aaan* otncrStntea to reclaim awunp landa «HOU vbeir limiia to U'.anotora and Orogoo, and for otter purparts Appioved M*rofc 12, 1**50.b Ht-^aimg We vbird iecUMi of an est to Increase MM r. «•.;•;» me •/TOES 04 u>e ti<rc«it eod Ihetnct Ooartn httiw Suiuwr* t suiet o< N e* Voik, appro««a July 7, ln&a Aivoven Harcb w , i860«. Am. b'.'«(ory oi an act w rrgalale ihe carriage of p w naaft'i in tttnacfbip* aod other vecaela, and for tbe Ott tor o<< k^«uu»( leualu ^*k«<of«ua. tb*t a master, or •ey UM uufltrttaa, •Uotb*'.>, daring a voyage, by eay nv u • «Jmt ana bate lauii caontcUon, ebell be guiliy •I » a . t K:t*3or, aad m coat ov*n th*ii be pnnlabea by * ftte u«t exaceolDf tl.ObO, or by laaprieoamont tor not•tare >u»a «ne j»ar. tibfi-^'.tnt io*rn*ge m»y be pkMtfi in ber of a eoattcton. Action 2 orjBiae, unites by euecOLQ or per»n>eton oi the nseeur toe tieiu of oftloern or HiDtt to that pert ot to* veaakl aaatgned toeml(TBBU, Bed en vlmiVLu ana contlcUoa too offjnder i(otfettto*trvgrsoftoe voyege.BadtoeUkstarwba I pcrmH Boch « M I tbkU he Utted dity dottors toroOcoce. Into arcilon ia to ba poatod on the te*Hl BXiiab, fnucti aud Oernnn. Tbe bill alao provide*thai in* coart may direct tne payment of Oa«a to (ne no nereo trniale. Approved March 24, lSod7. Euab-atolag naail rout«a to to* Territory of Ktnsai Apvrt »id MBICH 27, JVJ.branch to toe Louisville and Portland canal.PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS APPROVED.1. For tbe >eJief of Commander H J. Hartatene, Of ths United States navy, $2,0C0, for extra expenses incur, ud by him is restoring tbe bark Resolute2 For the ocmpentaUcn ot Rev. R. R Rloharils, late cfcap'sic to tl--' United States penitentiary to the District o' Columbia, $300.3. For tbe relief or tbe legal representatives of John A. Fif.it. deceased.4 For tbe re'lef of Thomas C. Ware.5. For the relict of A. M. Fildley, la'e agent for ths Winnebago Indianaf Relaticg to toe claim tf George Fisher, late of Flo- rica, deceaeed.7. Authorising tbe settlement of tbe accounts ot John R. Ban'ett, late Crwawrlsricrer of ihe rolled States, to tun and nark the boundary line between the United States and Mexico, and tor other purposes,PRIVATE ACTSrtCHWNU BkJOftB CONG BBSS.i n sdverse report upon toe petition ol David Myerle.An acvci.se report upon toe petition of Robert Harrison.An atlverfe report upon toe petition of (be helri of Dr. George Yates.A bill to ictboilze the change of tbe place of trial6 Makig BpptopriBtiOaa for fnUUltog (renty aMpato-Eee, aicow of Colonel William R. McKee, ot the Second irgimentof Kentucky volunteers.A bill granting a pension to Mrs. Margaret Coward, wlcow oi Ibomas Coward.A bill to inci ease the petsion of Salvador Accardl.A bll to Increate tbe pcLSion or John O'Leary.A bill fcr tbe reitef ot the turjiring children of Marga-tet KejEClde. deceased.A biL granting a pension to Abigail A Bingham, widowofSamuelSBinghamA bill granting ball pay for five yea's to Louisa Sweet-man, wicow ot James Swectman. „A bi!! grafting a pension to JamcB L WiHiime.A bill icr tbe relief of tbe legal representatives of JohnUnited States.A bill further to amend the several acts respectingcepy rights.amencments of toe Senate to the bill of the House en-titled "An act Baking appropriations ior the current and contingent uptctes of tbe Indian Department, and for fuiniliig ueaiy stipulations with various Indian tribes, for ihe }ear ending Jane 80,1881."A bill eo authorise the reissue of land warrants tn cer- taincasesandforotherpurposes.A biU creating a new land district In the State of Oregon.A bill making a grant ef lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections, to sid in the construction of a railroad in said State, from McGregor, on tbe Mississippi river, to the western line of tbe State.S. For toe relief of the contractors of the Post Offioe Department.4. Constituting Ma.ion, Georgia, a port of entry for (ha ton* bttng tor toe purposes tptcttied.6 In rtgnrd to toe Mmitter from Japan, $60,000 to pay tbe expenses of toe Fmbs>sy.6 To allow credit to oenato disbursing officars thereinA bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. George Yates. bxiavuainto*SteleofOregonnodTerritoryofWeahing- AbillfortbtreliefcftbelegalrepresentativesofBriga- cocnty.Ohio.Hoe* »nh tbe itmce lnouu.e and with oertniu bands of lon. for tbe year ending June 3J, 186J. A^prorei Ma; JSa*. i»»«.v. Autbortsta pobUiherB to prtat on their papers the date woeo-BuhncripttMs empire, end poaUnaaterstocAarge ooe eta', only for toe r*v»i^t aad delivery of drop letters Approved April 8, TWOA bill for the relief of Nancy Madison, of Fairfieldla »henanyperseoshalliadom onanyletterbinor Mignantt.bar BUM nod plane of ruhidance, an wriwr thereof, the A bill for tbe relief of the htiisoX CaptainBamusl Miller. namerenMuolcgBnoaikd(or,fori&irtydaja,ortoeum* AbillfortherelitfoftheheirsatadescendantsorJohnTenners*e.A t i l ior the relief of Banna Weaver, of Wayne coun-ty,Pintsylvanm.A b'H tor the relief of I.uclnda Robinson, of the countycurious for tbe district of Wilmington, North Carolina. the pmbiic lands wi-hia said State. AbinfortbereliefofHarrietBeard,widowofJames AbillmakingfurtherprovisionInrelationtooonsoUthat signalises bto powers of invective in r W-isHntrrrox, June S, 1840.TheWathingtm LobbytoFullSlut—Time Skert—Pre*- vert Hemey—The Democratic Entanglement—Hie Bating About the Bulk for the Mom for Baltimore, uh-n 1KB DcmgUu FUtform Adopted at Charlatan it Oe D\fi,~jily— Ho Chance—Southern Tiem, sac.The tabby, which has been rather thinly represented n the Capitol for some time past, swarms to-day to toe broad passages flanking both house*, and to all tb* et»e* tibls eddies sad recessei of this extensive pile, tato which the M. C's are ta the habit of dropping during too day. The appointment of the 18th tost as the last day of ibe session redness the chances ot every claimant OT j-toaer befere either house to a desperate prospect indeed; a n l hence an hands among them, within striking distance have taken the alarm, aad have oome up to-day, sod they surround the t so houses like a besieging army Toey •and ta for the members, sad here sad there we may sac them buttonholed on a Revolutionary claim, or barsd with the merits of a land case, or a cans of damages re gutting from the destmctioa of certain property. or fromcontract or Indian treaty, or claim for extra com ef some sortTbe larger fish, such ss the Pacmc Railroad jobbers and Pacific telegraph operators, a n l steamship spejuia.orv. end protective tar ff tabby men, aad contractors, aad would be eontractors for toe erecttenef publla building*, form, harbor sad river Improvements, ka., are somewhat removed tato the background; but nil beads are oasy Tbe Treasury is bard up, the time Is short, the regular calendar of both houses, which most be attended to, is heavy, sad it Is ail to b* done ta eight days. Of course, th* general pressure to for mtre time; but tbe Individual pressure to for the individual case, to tbe exclusion of all ethers that may stand hi tbe way. In this emergency tbe sixty thousand people ef Washington, who depend upon Ihe city's annual supplies from tbe Treasury, art indier General William Thompson.A bill for the rebel of the orpbnn children of ColonelPhilip Jchctlcc.a bill for the relief of (he legal representatives of Capt.Louis Marnsy.A bill for toe rein f of tbe heirs of Clement Gosselln.A bill for the relief ot M rcy Armstrong, of Gloucester county. Rhode Island.A b.s. fcr tbe relief of Ester Steveni, of Van Buren ccuLty. Michigan.A bill for too relief of Mary Burt, of Sciota county, Ohio.and Sarah Manetvine, deceased.Ac act (or the relief ot J. J. Lints.'John Moore, and bis widow, Mary Moors14For«h*tallerofwaWtssTI.stoat**,administratorof AbillgtantttgaainvalidpensiontoWilliamBarns,of Anactforthefinaladjustmentofprivatelandclaimsla Abilltorepealanactforthecommencementofafortl-to For to* r*ttsf sf httsnjnhMtrkas.IIFortonrnbaf*fAasasbsai,widowafThoa,Hunt Abillforth*ral;efofth*survivingchlldrenofDavid s*tt.eth*aaxuntsofCaptainJ.HEaten* AbultoauthorizedistrictjudgescftheUnitedStatesIs actoutoftheirutettictincertainesses.Lcaticn oi petite Fort Schuyler, at a point known as Wil- •tttb,orWitotos'Point,NewYork.Ajointresoluuragivingoonrtructtootothesecondsec- t'oaottheactcfFtornery8le*3,"tocontinuenailpay to certain aidows and orphans."13.fcrthemnefifMnseaMohBv *^^Hunt 11 ror Mm roUaCtf ths a p t masnsiniJl.a j Caaa,Btohardscn.aadbiswidow,SarahRichards-n.dec»es*d A WU ft* ihe relict cf the surviving children of tho lateAbillfortoerenetofSamuelPerry.AS act for tho relief of Rishara Fiizpxtrlck An act ior the relief of Thomas Allen.A bul task rg appropriations for l^bihooses, beacons, buo}f>, 4 cPuiterieK JtOlattoi^Ohio.AbillforthereliefofWilliamBullock.A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Robert Cunningham AbillgracinganmvafWptatstMtoEastReevea. AbidtortherelieforHenryFedler.A bill far the relief of A, W . FiemmiogA bill Ior tne rettef ot William Ptorcy.AbM for the relief ot legalrofweasatattves of Davil*-> nanus L Btv/maa, *M» 0*fr*C4«v»i *toatoinrsny.(he States of Florida, Louiaisna, Arkansas nml Masoarl an;foretherpurposea Report**!wbaanamendment.7AbillforthereliefofRichard8Coxa —•»««.|Ahillfortherelief ofAlexanCerM.Jackson,admlnis- tratcr of John Gorman, deceased,A bill Tor the relief ot Nohemiah Garrison aseana* «rmMeet« Perkins.A bill fcr the reMef 4 Danfcrd MMtAn adverse report upon the petition of Edward 8eas>ster, administrator of Hugh West ^ ^ An advene report open tbe petition of John P . Norton A bill for tbe ratttr of Harriet F. Fisher, tdministrat>rrt«*';rwrt -^iaw.^er.IA. For tto rnttnf of Kato fc tajtor, widow «( th* Utobrtvttcaptaa-f-tgtim> 16 Kff • be rrJ**' **!7 Fer terelto.**'' *"'*B a *A bid tofix and regulate the duty on Imports, and for chief efflces cf the confederacy, and tha". .Tatnei Buchanans >'cr USichsf ° * _ _.other purpor es,A biU making an appropriation for rt pairing the Cus-tcm Route Ot tbe TJoited State* at the fort of BaltimoreA series of itAUuuoas reu.ue*tii<g th* President of tha United States to open negotiations with the leading powers oi Europe tor the suppressmn ol the slave trade, and do-ctoring it 0 crime sgatast toteipattonal taw.be t i e met coaarrvatiea President of the United States?Under such issues all •thorniaate ques'ims "pale their intflectual fires.'1 aad tb* eperauoa of autBcer • harangi* la to prompt all reflecting; men to see that tbeon are the teal j.©into ta bo attended to. Went nmsisss to boj3 rar too rtitaf to »?•«• ^~ _ __M* tats, deceased.. {20 >>r tha rolsf ot asgostoa a BOWBUB,widon*of^y »th»i.Hsf of tbeheirsof MaryJ' lortharatoam to-av -•-«-——«- |^m^j-»•*ta*.BUSTofth*heirsofMaryJamison da-jhi. For thsiaittf of cf Msuk Lhha.W IntotittK'^^JoatolT e n s e w e e .A bill for tbe relief of Lucretia WUoox, of Waynecoutty, Michigan.A bill tor the relief of Mary Bobbins, of Westmorelandcounty, Pennsylvania.A bill for tbe relief of Ttmpy Connolly, of Johnsoncounty, Kentucky.A bill for the relief of Rosamond Robinson, or Belknapcounty. New Hsmptblre.A bill ror the reller or Jane Martin, of Harrison ounty,VirginiaA bill for the relief or Mellnda Durkee, of the State ofGeorgia.A bill Tor tbe relief Sarah Weed, of Albany county,Elate of New York,A bill for th© relief ot Mary Pierce, or the county ofA bill for the relief of Hannah Menslea, of the State of Kentucky.A bill ior tbe Teller Rebecca P. Nourte, of the Stateof Kentucky.A bill for tbe relief of Anna Hill cf Monroe county, State ef New York> A bUl for the relief of Polly Booth, of Madison county, State of New York.A bill (or the relief of Sarah Eaton, of Worcester coun- ty , State of Massachusetts.A tltl for the relief of Temperance Childress, of tho State of VirginiaA n a c t I o r t h e r e l i e f o t L e e D e a t h e r a g e a n d J o h n D e a - iLeissc, or their it gal rt preventatives.An setter tbe relief of Thomas L Dtsbvom.VirginiaA bill for the relief of Lydla Clspp, of Washington coun-ty, Siste of New York.A bin for Ihe relief of Elizabeth Morgan, of Rensselaercounty, State of New York.A bill tor tbe reller of Phebe Polly, of Oiaego county,State of Mew Yoik.A bill for tbe relitf of Nancy Ittig, of Herkimer county,Slate ol New York.A bin ior the relief of Mary Ann Hooner, of the Stateof Virginia.A bill ror the relief of Aimira Reniff, of the S'-tte ofPennsylvania.A bin for tbe rnlief of Strah Loomis, of New Lonloacounty, State of Connecticut.A bill for the relief of Mary Grant, of the State of Southbistka Territory.A bill granting an invalid pension to William Roberta,A bill for the relief *r Sarah Hlldreth.A bill for the relief of Ellas Wilson and other survivingcbndren of the late Lieutenant John Wilton, an officer of the revolution.A biU for the relief of the heirs of Elisabeth Hickman, deceased, late of GeorgiaA bill granting an invalid pension to Levi Parka.A bid for (he relief of George W. Mundy, administrator of Major General Hearer W. Ripley, deoeaaed.A bill for the relief or Ana M. Rolasy Robaldo. widow or Francis Robaldo, deceased.A bin supplemental to "An aot to refund to tho Terri- tory ct Utah the expetiea incurred by said Territory to suppressing Indian hostilities,'' spproved July 17,1864.An act for the relief of J. W. Dyer, A S. Dyer and W. W. Dyer.An act for tbe relief of Francis Huttman.A biU to cennrm certain entries of land to the State of Missouri.An set to authorise the location of certain warrants for bounty lands heretofore Issued..Sonth, b u t it Is almost entirely among the spoilsmen aadcamp followers of the party, the elite, the authoritativeleaders and engineers of the Southern democracy, withwhom the states of slavery overshadows ail oonsidera-tens of the federal spoils sad plunder, are deadagainst him. Thus while the strength of Mr.Douglas tn the South may be measured by the standard of the one hundred millions per annum of the fede-ral spoils, the strength ef tbe forces opposed to him reposes upon (he formidable oath bams of (he thirty firehundred miilieni of Southern stave property. The weakerelement mutt thus be absorbed to tha stronger, or begioasd to powder. Upon toe bests cf this thirty Ave hundied minions of stave property, the Sooth wfll, tf poshed a state ef great apprehension. The work en the sew to the wall, be a unit against Mr. Doogtae, even though heCarolina.An act for tbe relief of Augustus H. Evans. A bin for toe relief of Benjamin SayieA bin for the reller of Alexander V. Fraaer. A bill for toe relief of Stephen F . WillisAn set for the relief of Richard Chenery.ReportedAnd toto is what to expected. In truth, the demoralisa-tion ot toe democracy, which commenced with the plotsand kcbemcs ot rival oi'ques and aspirants to rule or ruinMr. Buchanan's af ministration three years ago, has s ofarbiokenup the general organization as to leave thebroken fragments too cold to be again walled together.And to the meet sagacious politicians here ot the Southern dtmocranochurchteUus that It is now(hedutyoftheSouth to put her house to order, ta view of the Impend lion wiU be gran ltd. tag election of n black republican Presidentwith emenctoents.An act for tbe relitf of Simon d e Vlsser and Jose VlUa-A bin granting a pension to Herman Ebbs.A bin granting a pension to Thomas Booth.A bill granting a pension to Prentts Cbamplain. A bill for the relief of Sarah & Stafford.A bin for the relief of William Sutton.A bill granting a pension to Samuel Gibbs.'hat this House (with tbe concurrence of the Senate) do acjou n for two weeks from and after Friday nextAlcxancer Watts.A bill granting a pension to Frederick Sshanm.A bin granting an increase of pension to WUUam aBemud, a soldier to the United States army.A bUl granting a pension to M ia Adelia C. Place, widowInterior places within their gift sa derogatory to the dig- nity cf the House and calculated to impair Us influence with (be country.of M. W. lMBtor,o*«nted,andR>charaMUntitled Documenttain smears sad aotdters ot tb* revolutten, wars entitled at navy. Reported with aa amendment.nettaa wav of their asath, to be paid to their widows or tbair ahOdren.Aa act for tbe relief of RandaUPegg.An set icr ths relief at Joan R. Nourse aad eiheraA hit! for tho reite; ef Moses Meeker.A bill tor too relief ot the togai representative! ef David*A^tors^»loert^Wtaf» limitationwithreferent*An aet to secure the right of pre empUon totiers ea mad temporarily occupied*SSR .far the Diatrlct ofA Mil to ascend est act **MUed *»Aa not to prsesrfb* theof obtarsteg ertseaeo to esses of contested alec- «.,"approvedFebruary10,JgfLA bill to extend toe right of appeal from dtoOmtoea of circuitcourtstothe8upremeC.arteftheUnitedataaee. A bill t* attach the counties of Peoria, Woedfori, LtvbgitohTreo.uo» and maliitoRp*.»• Btata of lUtooto. ta the soctbern jodl&i Circuit u aaw atnte. Reported with a recommendation that the bul do not passA bfll to rod—e the oomntnttltan fct members ot Con- gress, and to legulate the mileage. Reported with a re cemmrsdnttoa tfctt the bib do not paaaAbigail Neson, sister and deviiee of John Lord, deceased. A bill for the relief of the Preabyterian church, atP i i r c t t o o , N J .A biU for tbe rettef of Reuben J. Champion, only childand heir cf Reuben and Rbein Champion,A bill fcr tbe relief of A. H. Jones and M. H. C. Brown. A bill for the relief of George D. Dousman, one of toe•murnits lor William H Bruce, late Sub Indian Ageat at tjreen Bay, in the Stole ot Wisconsin.A bill to provide tor the payment of oertain volunteer ct rxpanics in tbe service or the United States in the war with Mexico, and in the suppression of Indian dis- tnrbancts to New Mexico.A bill lor the relief of John Van Oott and Samuel Maun, ot tbe Territory of Utah.A bill for tbe relief of William B. Dodd and others.A bill ior the relief of Chailen E. Roberts,of Washtogton territory.A biU far (he rettef of Mrs. Ann E. Smoot, widow of the late Captain Joseph Stroet, of the United States navy.An act for the relief of Henry Kiting.A bill for the reller ot (be prcsiden( and directors of the Pansma Railroad Company.A bill for the relief of Sarah Whitney and Mary Hugge- ford, children cf Huldah ButlerA bill for the relief or tbe heira at law of John L. Merte- reau. a revolution*.y soldier.A biU tor tbe reller of tbe surviving children of Catha- rine Hsrsa. dtceased.A bin fcr the relief of WUilam Dudley, of Adair county, Kentucky.Aa aci fcr tbe relief of H B Howard.An act for tbe relief of .lames Smith.An set for the relief of Rebecca A. Correil.An act for toe :elief of Elizabeth Spear.An act for tbe relief of Jeremiah Pendergast, ef thoDiitrict ot Columbia.An act for the relief of Rbenexer Richer.An act for the relief ot Joseph Pattce.An act tor the relief of Coraettus Hughes.i n act for the leiie* of Wuliam Wallace, of Illinois.An act for tbe relief ot Nancy M. Uuntally.A bUl gianting an increase ot pension to Jane W. Mc In evil ratea to the Circuit and District Courts of theAbillfcrtodreiefcftoesurvivingchildrenotBasil AbillfortherelitrorAnnClark,orMadisoncounty. Abill'ortbereliefcfVanCamp,Cbapinandothers. UnitedStatesTresturytoauditandpayovertotbeStatetoe writer •say direct, shall be reiornel by mail to said *rr*er, aad toe MUM are not to be treated a* eead or ai- wnmd Ml)they-nhailremainattoePottOfflJ*oftoe nrrier one qoarter. Approved April o, 18S0.1 1 . , " € U ! l c g t h e t i t l e s u> l a n d s a J o a g t h * h s u n d a r y H n * bmwetn to* dtotos of Utorglafl and Florid*. Approved AptU 13, i8bUt2 lccorforaUng tbe I'oited Stntna Agrioaltaral Socie- ty Be u tnacteo, A c . that Wiiitom W. Oorooran and atters, toelr asaociamt and successors are oosntitot>d Britom toeT%trtc( of Columbia an (be United Stolen Agn- euituraj Society, with usual porera. All toe pranenis that bate been made to the society are vtstad in It, and nadiuocal ones to tne value of on* hundred thousand doUaia. Tbe annual meetings are to be held in Washing ton on toe second Wodoxwiay of January; that any one •say become a member by paying stipulated fees; that toe secretary shall have his offlje ia iWaablogtonOsgrtes has power to amend toe act at any time. Ap- provri ApnUO, )*6015. Amrndntory *I an act entitled an aot to amend annot ssinu-d an aot to eatabuah a criminal court la toe \htbrtet ot Uolambi*. Ii»e acuendinent pioriies for toe hold A bltt for the relief of tbe children or Lieutenant Na Henrico. State of Vlrslnia.Baptitte I.«bon e, a captain to the Revolutionary war.A bill for the relici ot the legal representatives of Lieut.ThomasWi'.l'ams,aRevolutionaryofficer.A bhl for the relief of tbe legal representatives of CaptP i e r r e A y o t t .A bill tor the relief of (he heir* of Nebemiah Stokely, sRevolnikinary r.ft>er.A bill for tbe leUef of tbe heirs of Jsseph Traverste, acaptain la the revoiutlenary warA bill for tbe relief of tbe orphan children of JosephJewett, a Revolutionary cffi:er, who was slain in battle A bill ior the relief ol Charlei Olivier Duclosel, of thepsrlsb oi rt Vaitiu, Ioulri ua.A bill for the rt kef ot Valery Landry, of the parish ofAtcti'S.on, Louisiana.A b l l for tbe relief of Jobs Johnston.A bill to pay to the surviving children of (he late Mar-tha Swii Irg, wl'ow of George SwiUlng, (he pension that was dee ber to tbe period of her death under the act of sevtnth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty eight.Beard, dtccawd. Abi1fortoereliefofJamesTarbott,latereg'rterofdated land offices. Reported with an amendment Abi1toconstructabuildingforapostoffijeatthecityof Brooklyn in tbe State of New York.A b i l l t o s t a m p s e l f s e a l i n g n e w s p a p e r w r a p p e r s .O n r W a s h i n g t o n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . WAJS3ISGTON, June 6,1860.ofOilesne,KUteofVermont.A Mil it-:, the relief ot Lav ina Tepton, of White county, tbe land tBice at Indianapolis, In toe State of Indiana.A blil authorising toe proper accounting officers of theAbilltorthereliefofMV.Jones,latecollectorofthe of Wisconsinfivepercentoftheproceedsolthesalesof moatsuccessfulstatesmantotheglorifyingofanysponturAn act for the relief ot R. F . Blocker, K. J. Gurley, and Ta« Democracy—Mr. Horatio Seymour and tXe Bcpmtiy— J. F. Davis.upon the state of the country.A resolution instructing the Clerk to remove the pre-sent seats from the House, and repines tha old chairs andA bill granting pensions to tho officers and soldiers of the wsr with Great Britain of 1812, aad those engaged to Indian wars during that period.A rtsolution deprecating the example which has of lateyears obtained, by the practice of the subordinate offlooriA bill to r *taMtah an assay cflice tn the city of S t Lon_,ol Lieuwtaw Charles W. Place, of the United States navy in the S.ate ot Missouri. Reported with an amendment. have no doubt that the truculent sad spiteful speech ofmay be supported by the unanimous vote of the North.wings of the Capitol boa beta suspended, tbe work oa U » Treasury extension has been redueed almost to a suspen ston. ths work on ths greet enterprise of ihe Polemic Water Works has been stopped, and eo of the project:d improvements of tbe public grounds. Two or tor** nuutaas of dollars will b e required of thto session or into Congress to pat all these things in a good state of pro- gress, bat It to doubtful whether as much as half a mil Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 