 JKIS rioa SALTS L<O GuriiL unm H Paaaahnj,"• pubhahtd **ee-«e raw artatos, vn. Barrel*,duty>lek*l »CfcUt •— IBOARD OF BUPSBVIBOES.EIGHTH DAY'S PROCEEDINGS.wxo«f fM« wlib Una •>„,»* rattam* lm *•,»*;mttoa taPerw '*f AprU treat Va> art Valparaaa March 31,CHILE. MKurmTTftAJKtciL—*H»iwu*nff—i**ntanaJtn--nsATT vxroianM-ncsnJS^ZlTM . £ *FTHAJtCiAL pEAftaWiOaV tcml matatMS of the gotWCX IXW OaAKABAW. aave oXJlahswl. B.. paoars to toe 7 b to May'from wawAaeiw«sii •awu*jatoef basrent Tmiitoafw5«Jf»»»*'•} ab»:Asba-e|:J^MXatofUs to tbe Goearaar to* TLeaarptreBtraaattoaFOteT OF TBJB COUMimS. 1M FAVOR Of aJMQIlaX port on the queatka wbslUsi a prwacher canl i n - n R lwrano~i«tw trnAhsMiP UMB- ,.••.•** arc* aanafortani Theof aha tower frontier pro the nteaae shall aobmnBaker, E Rirer M C. Brigga, Catforna I. C Genu. Detoware W . Eieat ertnag the Rev. W H. Mrtncmr delrrered htoi aatoorat^ ' B I B ttmoa to be govsnad fry Indian chief*,a^iafwmwry a ailmad, teat the nausea aaaii pay to At government the expenses of tbe war—estimated at Z»jee_and o*4f ta tbe State a targe timer! of torn m , vetoed at sajMMQOfala away,ato saa,baaatowadybad the afloat of eeue -- u e nanao of too upper frontier to suspend aosuu JJ2, mt retire, from wtach a • taferred that a stouter erpiialie that,.an ythiag that theyto^towe royalty ss :t Joes pcaoo orDtStftG VVsaaaawMs! % 0ler, a the cr-wit of lant appropriation.aonos TOrucat A BXKBXX aThe motion to pave Fiftieth iteeet, between Second sadder arrest After aoaaa htfle badinage thto waa pot andThe Street Ooamhatoaer waa directed to aottfy the owner* of tbe aaamsbtp Ohio, n e w sank to the sap foot oi Twentieth »ire<^ North river, to raae the same forth with, and to the <eveat of their aet cemplytog, to raise UW. HF J. Thompson. Phiia D. r. aMahin, naaburr P Townaeud.platformAmong the pettttone presented todsy wore fifty a u Iter"ISvere* vena of aichel, aoaaa of whah are aa*t to be *na pareeis, toft tons- bosses to Caamteafar a day of re a*** sane* a widthadd ^dtog thirty five per sent, have creaave ptoarmre and amuasaaaulat Boyam'a Mill Pond,MMOMT been Sanwvercu ta the deserter Anicaasn, ateaad about ton mitos tots s u e of that piece, aad upon toe nae •awfeovaneofCopttpr*.Ittothetmdaeoveryeverofto?railroad.Thesewerejotoedbyothersfromtbepreaecad and referred, sad among them was a aetitioa a resident Batop on the Pacific coastBJOITI Chile of tha aetel. Aa ununuauy large number of MOthbad srrtved at Yaharaaa during the fortnight prtor to ioe aaJtog of the uMaamir for Panama. From the i o n H to fifth at March the t r n n b from foreign porta w e n m t n Bve, ana four departure*Zs^nsftMyTllaSOsl . aViayillltldF fk n4nl"aPW/ at fSDflsnttdwsTaVbIB safXs*!The forepart of the day, (tbe oistrossaig aoudeat occur- red mto » the afternoon,) waa epaat moat tunppnT andidaaaanilj b j llm saianswaitoto The ptoato and hiby tbe L'nited States Government to examine tote tbeworking of the Kedproctty treaty, will report to favor oius repeal. The western ottas ot New York Bute are opposed to reciprocity wtth Canada, and Mr. Bauh rennetstheir optetoae. On the other band, Massachusetts andMaine are itrongly in ito favor, and will e*e every exer new offices for ton City Inspect or.member* wttbm the bosads of the Conference H was moved to refsr tbe paper to the Committee oa ltaerancy, which wss amended by a motion to refer It to a oom aatttee of one from each CoateraesaMr. Fcixan advocated the amendment, aad said the subject was so baportant that a special committee should be appomted on the subject. He waa a favor of tbe re-at Baden, also, a favor sf having aae of toe Btenoeo pay an occasional vbtt te the aabatoa to (ierrnany, Norway and Sweden. The report was adoptedA memoral wsa presented sad referred a toe Commit tee on Eptocopacy.in relnbon to tbe adma-rtration af Bishop Amea in the Pbiladeinhia Cnuferenee Scrag March, 18M The Btobop a chargid wah bar- ing paaaed upea tbe character of owraai amiiihiilitog, member* with art toveattoatton, a n d with havaag tekse a partisan stand to reference to certain atoveboMing preachers The Oommittee oa Ovrespoaeeaee reported against sending s speetoi delegate to represent thto body to tbe Preabywrtoe General aaeembly at Rochester as thtoConferencehasnopowertoaakanymemberertba body a vacate hto aaal without the consent of hto consti- tuents.Dr. HrssjaD hoped toe Osaderenon would sot emit the opportunity a thto day aad age of boettog s a t their haade to their sister churches. Tbe eoaetdecce might not oecuriag excursion, for such it waa. bad fully m et, thi thnsewawe*e<Qhtie baa recurved a charter tram tbe the buoyant ssdtohattoea of those concerned. Bet ?«»An aopropriatoon af $3,000 waaAfter some truths! boaawaaef routine nature, the MBttfiaot all papers ssnnattert wtth the action of thatsoveramcaA, aad waa expected to conunenoe operations aaaatof The beart droops and a weighed down by tbem the tot of AprilWoo. Beajae, a Preatoamt of Boirrto, had amrodateat pungent sorrow at its recitalA flat boat of considerable aba had, e abort time prebeen built aad paced upon tbe pond for purposes of pleas are A goodly number (probably thirty o r more) at tbe enmpaay em Darted upea tbto beat, totoarlteg to pans ever and around the pond. These mmaatod chiefly of young todies, there being bat a airrtotont •umber of gen ttonaa, aa wan supposed, to manage she boat aad afford company and protection for the todies.of the pond, when tbe beat ran o o a snag. Tbto exsitod itttle or s o far*, aa it was suppoaed that a speedy extrtoatton to preaarve tt intact. Should aay evil befall the treaty arrangements, under whtoh trade to these eetoatoe baa been aa largely beaefitted, the blame whlraatoa the protective legislation of Canada for the bat tew years whtoh has erven the people of western New Yark * p r e text for tbe preaaal agatottoaWill Ci aatta.Board adjourned to Msnday.BOARD OF COUNCILMEN.Tba Board met torn eveaag, President Joans to thethe Chair,Councilman C^anatx offered a resolution to widenCatherine street fifteen feet, from Bowery to Catherine Blip. Referred to Committee on Streets.Coaierenoe, and that tbe oaaamtttoe have the power te and for peraoaa aad papers He wanted the General Ceafereaee to place tbe Genesee Osatterenos where it ought to be. They were right sad Bared' no mveetiga tton, but rather courted it They desired a most thorougn and *il ung examination of toe action of the Oanaaraaaa of which be wss a member. The Oommittee on Ioneraacy had not the time to devote to the examination of the mat ter wbteh bs importance demanded.Tnearaieo.Atoo Cardinal Kyaguirre, Ambassador of tbetoaaya:—wngBt • arrhral to ValparataoBetween Valparaiso aad aeoae Eag at several mtermedato potato hi the enstruction ot tbe greet railjoart dee to emite Chile wtta the River Plato provinces, crossingfTrom the Boston Traveller, May 0.]A salt, artotng from the will of the toaafOosaasi JohnE. TBOSUS. of Californa, aaid that a s the dotogs of the Genesee Conference h a d been made known through t h eU msaid that be hat beta appointed weaeral to-Otof of well an the ndamaa and friends af tbe nana. Mr. Joaea, iof tbe Confederation, whin* 8r. Pujol baa been a ureaaan epen the Camden tram (tbto tram waa, se wall tasMinateroftbeInterior,ST.Albert',Mmtoterof aawecanloam,atthetimeoftheawfuloccurrence,neardeath Col- Wade waa engaged to be married to tbto lady, batmconsequenceoftenrmhtoathemtrriagttwasfirst postponed, andafterwards theengagementbrokenoff.) At the death of Mto* Brooks this property to to go to Tefto College, M Medford.Ba other real estate to Weborn, called by him his '-out1Urge—eepecally since the Btohops deemed it of so much rmportsneeasualludetotttotheirquadrennaladdreaa. SBALXxavASIIwoaaranAJUKTa csreatar, dr. Aivear. Mintotor af foreign Aaaaa; dr. Vic- •of War. aad D. Loaoom OcampoaaPnveto Secretary.Yrvm Baeooa Ayrea there a nothing new, sad rumorssr* mnuradactory as to the State s future policy. It b to behopedthat8r Derjoi'aoooclbatmgwerwawflltoadto armwve a good underataadmg and peaceful remttoaa iming- "i-- " T ' •"'Br. Frageatro had been seised b y a party of revoiu ttoaaaa to the country. but taese had been routed and etopersed by government forces, aad Sr. Fragueiro rttr coed. Thm isattozuaa is now safe in Cordova.The dtotarbaacee hiBan Lea terminatedtotbe af Chtoaeiaaa.iof, Bmja aba aaaaa to be at an aad.MONTEVIDEO.The etoahna of Don Baraardo Barro baa been very wellreserved by toe preaa both a Montevideo aad Baeaoa Ayrea.B0L TV1A-coirrurPAHCi OF WARMETAJSATIOK*—^MAATIAJLAB-OOR—OODsbt TO ASlflDBbLB THS SATIUKS.1* eUAJUXJ.the spot), roshea to tbe spot, and by almost superhuman efforts, eouptod wtth most cool aad manly courage,C C. Boufxe, of Ptttoburg, presented a petition, serine for the restoration of the old rule, requiring men andWe^nave iatea from thie republic to the 1st of April.Presideni Lmarea, to view of toe pending war with Pern,a "»»>"t exteaaive war preparations. H J baa oriered Mr. Pochburg, with nob* devotion, tost hia bfe as w e un-tbe Natmaal ttuarda trom tbe departmanie to assemble at derstand. sttempung to save anstbrir. These with two la Pas, too r r " ' 1 a a M B M deapaasbed to Peru, aa negroes. complete the seeanchoiy bat.apeoaibearerofieapattbem,Br.«i.Apodaca,aidto(iea. Twoladies (Mr*.DarterandMrs.Steakei.)tbewivesstitutions. 6 Temporal Economy No alteration was proposed to the text of the Discipline every sentence aad word wsa retained, the only change betog ta Us ar rangexnent. The oommittee recommend the adoption of a resolution, that ta preparing tbe forthcoming edition ofmease t o tbetr troops manifestoes a a d proem mauoos bfosihrag the mom deadly Unbred aad contempt lowarda •be Peruviana. One of them went s o far a s to any Urns be would never ask of or give quarters to tbe Peruviana.PERU.BISmCUSATTON P O * W Ab— m»t»I)WSWPAin>IHO BsVTVBWN TWJf FBaainaTXT AND v i c e rumioiesr—**- twain TO DOUCB aTaoriAS BniamATiOM, «TC. There a very hmto of totereat from ton mpubUcThere ts a seed iaalef mlk abee« a warjraihBoliTabutthe bodies bemg found. We have net learned ' bar teat had been found when our iteapstrih wnCamden a shrouded to gloom, sad many of iaf overwhelmed by the mom levere aimctton aad bereave-At half past three s a j mast Jay, eight bodiesnelhodau church, where foaaralperformed to the presence of a largemom every eye WM motouned by the tear of sympathy or bereavementMr. BtBtoga. one of those who waa upon the boat aad waa taved, says that twenty asvon persons were drowned. Tbto conflict* with the above atetemeat,as to number,aadwaa to tbe habit of paying want, and always had Mr. Converse s s hto partner, of whom he always spoke highly He never knew Mr. Wade to attend church but once, aad than be did not attend through tbe service, he apoke highly of tbe uattuttona remembered to hto wffl.Parker I_ Converse teattned to the constant regardal- waya manffeatod by Colonel Wade for J P. Converse.City Intelligence.Ten AnxsiCAn ZOOLOGICAL Socnrrv.—An haportant meet- tog waa held on Wednesday evening, at the rooms of tbe Athen.vum Club, to take Into consideration tbe formationeomnany te furutoh tea wtth waste a other sanaote ma teral for ranariing the machinery en Saterdav*. The workmen have heretofore been required to supply themECUADOR. COKTTSrm gTATtt OF ANABCBT.jPrettdeni— Hamilton F a tF*» Pnriddtt-Wa H. Aaptownll, George Opdyke,Alexander W. Bradford, rrederic De Peyater, Robert L.The number of portions now to tbe iEstituttonb is 7,463— an increase of 81 since the test return. The number ad mitted luring the week was 1.754. and those discharged, seat eatowaore, or who died waa 1.873The Committee of the Wnole reported the neceaaity.onthe part of the Board, of aatah'uhing a more afftotont man,ner of meeting the requirements of the pattenteto Bellevuo tome the expediency of requesting the bishops to furnishA Snaroir. SIGHT-The Illinoa Ceaarai Radroad.tea town called Mattjon, a creased by the lerre flame andprobablyunman*untilFranco,whotoattbebeadofthersuratortheeeforgeddeedaofcitylata,andr>i«icfllor»-CbarteBTrscy,AugatuaSohell,CharleaHospital,whohavelargelytocreassdtonumberssincetheannuallytothehook:agentsofNewYorkarevtoedtonofSrn^taeachtoecttci,thepartesthereb^mga King, PnrkeGodwin. Hiram Barney, C W Fluid, John destruction of Oakland Hospital- The/ recommended all the uechttonaof tow questions made by them duringreme, H UeaoeW, J.LP Croaby, Charles Butter, Frederic that the Medical Board of that institution be held reeponai- the year. l - t o t t ^ ^ ^ a n a , sare«chag away a the hortoon roster, Watt Sherman. F L. Ohnawad, W P Lea, J. C, bto for faithful aad humane gupervenon on their part, aad A resolution was offered to atter the Dtocipltoe, so that •ritoont any aequahttei a obstmct the aujnt A* tney ar F, Smidt, B. W Bonney, Shepherd Kaapp, B F. J a m , the Cummtoatonerawill, on their part, endeavor to_ meet whenever e member of an annual Conference afaall be ex ri^TX. approach tbetr cowcatcher* eithtoitwel ve feet te,• driven oat of theao tar, they appear to be the only persona•implyIfejM—"T5»eRepnonetoNicaraguatolatorsatlJBl Itwn ntn theBritishMUNICIPAL AFFAIRS, TO aOTIODRT IU rUL CWn&JHO. DOW«»T, by * Tote rA\* ih..-de of ihe n»>ab»rt -votatg, to Stoallew tbe e^ims of any rJnisaenn cpon m faada, a a dwhicb•ibinsaani1tie""V**" eonuiiefii «a the Newpaid Jite toe att> treasury by tbeExcatetost yen- waa $9,9*$, waotenth of which was bsaded tote the directors af tat Mabrtots aaytornaad theto aba i»paits*eat afpaper W*B referredto survey the rbaaael sf <ba Msnam river.h toss atoo reserved that tbe Board shasjd s/joeraover untU May fi, to order to enable tbe mtabera to attend the Chicago Convention• The report of tbe aanaattba, to favor of prepotato to build a near county jail, was •ad, after some dtocnamen, raaaasasnaed.UXG 1WB AahAMagaUUir OT TH» blMTtPLISb, 1TC. Brmto, May 9,18*)to.eiuna te adarts saembar totetoachureh who produces T. prcrer certificate, bat who, from pmnmal taowted^ he knowa would datitrb Oa peace or ate churchF Msasxa.. of Obw, pveaanlH a raalatem to reference, totee siaaanaen of the ihacistaa aaaato piaa"totorthe electton af toymen a* book egsato, which w a laaauiaLE BAinrisrBK. of Ctlfornto. to favor of the *pnsntinuiut a psaaana waa ware WHA aaaaowvu et awe cancan aa tres tees af sbureb property, awfiarred.Tbe f>——*»«-' en Slavery, held a meettog yaateidayaf- tarnoon.ln tbe Pregbytertoa chsrgh.and spent the i ladm a aa angry dtoaaajatoa ae to wbaaJaar ths tettttoas la favor ~f a aaamgi si into an atonnj laallj ririeeait tba aaaaa •, 1 ^*t a "^''», *, ^*l 'w«h,waaa assy BaaBy aajaalCauoa, which,»^«at_ atoiob toegsr hi oppoatuon ' If _ajjMr.TFyke,Bar BrtmanJe Majeaty'tateMtototertothe OaaajjaJ Amensaa 9buea, aad woo nas reoenuy been ap pointed by tagovemmant to Mexico, sailed from Aapto w»U for &gtoad, v a tbe W ^ udtee. en 33d bat. Tb* deeartateel she Caaed Steus frbjato Uacaater, dag afasp of tbe Pacific Squadron, baa beta teayed to the » t h inav, to fii miin a n ef sWsaTrveiol sheaauBsoaara m tbto p e r tMr. 0 . C Bhaff, afjaraial Hantj/tJfltto .1*,TM=,Levant, dad very suddenly, at Asptnwall, of an of a t e 'Terrible Aectaleat lm sfeertM Carolina. TWEtTT-FTni OF A PICNIC FAaTT DROWNhh. [From tbe fliaaptir Waarhiuan, May 7.JOn 3eturday moratog, the Mb tost, a most happy com peny, eoaaaosed of young ladies aad geauemen, children• reearawA from tbe Mayer, ea- mr Beau Joe** do Cevalto, ooavof the Andes. T ee preaa a stall oocoihese projects a a i a eatontaanic in tton could be effected. All was nfe aad spirit-.all wasCouncilman P a c a a a r ottered alow, of the Supreme Court, hoMtog a acnaton at Lowell. standing committees bold regular meetings during tbe length and breadth of the toad, a was of tbe utmost im again tea ate a a e He moved a resnuamtt tbe resort.the haeofeta mtmthtj, if tbe Chilean government will tacreaee to tSM^oo theeubvwnston of $100,000 winch baa beta offered. As to Mr WbeeiwTjght. w e uadarstand b e demands very httle from the government, bartag already n largo groat of bmd made by tbe Argentine government It a therefore probable that the surrey of the lme will verysana be commenced.The Vatpara—> market to reported to he very active,nope aad bapptseai! Soon it was peroeived that the great preaenre of the heat upon the sang, (to ooastiquarice ot the number it contained) waa peacenrtog itsthat the water was making Ma way tnaidecnemefit began Now fear began toupon tnoae just now happy countenances. Now tbe tender and timid buhas called unon tneir protectors for tout assist snc« and deliverance, whtoh, satofal to say, they were unable to afford Momentarily tbe danger became great er, and momentarily the saentosaam of than oa beard, aaFrom the fact that the deceased toft torge bequests to T ola College, at Medford, and the New England Female Medical College m tbto city, to tbe exclusion of retotrves, and from other circumKtan.-es, It a a case of much interestColonel Wade died on the 9th of July, 1S58, to hto 80th year . H e toft a n estate which w a s appratoed at about SOl.eoo, but whicb really amounted to fully $100,000. Be laid the foundation of thto fortune by oarefUl*attentten to ha buatoeaa aa a merchant, to tbe town of Woburn, aad invested largely to reel estate, which rose to value, andyear 1860. Adopted.The report of the Committee on Wharves. Pier* andSlips, of the Board of Aldermen, in favor of directing tue Street Commissioner to advertise for proposals to contract for the onmptatton af tbe Battery eniargement, was or- dered to be printed to the mtoutaa.In answer to a resetation of Inquiry, a communication was received from tbe City Inspector, with a list of names, residences, sad salaries of person* to bis employ; but staling that aa he wsa not required to keep an efflcatporaaee that the natter abouid be investigated wtth care. He cordially went for the appointment of a apecial com aatttee.Dr. DacsofosD moved to lay the resolution on the table.Mr FUIXEK moved that the paper be referred to a com Batons of nine.fir.RAIUCAi>waa opposed to tbeappointmentofany committee.P . & Btemrnr. of Wtoconato, remarked that thto w s s one of the.most important pants that would come before the General Conference for their lctton inert; werewith lostrortione to prepare a tetter of *teuBstton te bath the assemblies of the Prsabyterton Church now about to meatMr Gooant) opposed tbe motion an tbe ground that tt would involve aaiaiiar course award* all other churches, and four year* ago tha Conference expressed tt* desire for fraternal intercourse with all its saner ehurehss. aad not a single rqpry had been received. He wsa opposed,therefore, to placing themselves to a poeition wnttb would subject them to amutor treatment and neglect hereafter.naja ratoa af exchange to laghaay., hvajo remittance* are have probably been pushed off aad runierence, and from all he could teare, the interest* of their Zion throughout the country would be natenaily affected by the manner in which thto matter waa digested. If there was any subject that would be presented to thai body that demanded s pattern aad careful investigation, it was tbe subject under consideration. He, therefore, earnestly hoped that a committee would be appointed, cen- tering of one member of each Conference.Mr. Fruaa withdrew his resolutions, whereupon the previous nation—te refer the paper to a committee of oae from aaeh delegation—was unanimously adopted.Councilman JJETT thought that t b e eneaaraaaeattoa b a dgiven enough informal on concerning tbto matter to ssttofy anyoneItatatedthatmanypersonswareesaawaadtatbeforegoingdebate.TromwhatourreportercouldTbebrigM.WDodge,CaptainThomson,fromBasrabotag made ta eHrer com, wtuch have aomevbat affeotod to tbe there tor many If not all to have caped. had It sot been that these who stood toaides to Baltimore, For some time before hto death he waa troubled wtth a broachtol aflecuoo, aad during the tost two or three monies be could not speak above a whtoper.The will which to new contested wseeigned on the 19th of June, three weeks previous to his death. It waa drawn by John P . Converse. Esq , of Woburn, a Sawyer who has had a high reputation for uprightness and honesty, woo to one of the executors of ate will (ha cousin and tow partner, Parker L. Converse betog tbe other),aad besides receiving some $5,600. specifically named, is made real duary legatee. Tbe bequests under the will are aebatoa- ballyatfollow*—retained in the employment of thai department for several yearn on account of aaipuika quaiincationsOuLncilman CHAW oansidend that tba moat important part of the information called for had been neglected. He hoped ate Board would raatot upon being informed sa fully se poaabte concerning uiose anon whose recommendation persons were employed He would, therefore, make the same motion that be atone at the tost meeting ta reference a tbe communication of tbe Croton Aqueduct Departmen;, that the document h e returned for correclion.too* own, howeter, eoattaaea abondaat sad, (a what man and a negro), with their laboring wtth all their power, shoved each to tbehi ttuar ibereb-rery btUe oomg, the baaaaaaaaa botag directem, thus mutually destroying tbe enect ofi n f i ' tfmaat aaaamrvoly to home ormwmpttoa, at ro- •fiorta Soon, to a tew momenta, ahe began to sink.eeaod price* Th» a owmg, hi a great meaaure,to the arte eeppty of bat yaw'e atoak being on head aad the want of eraera from abroad. Aa the new crop had begun to arrtro, a farther redact** to price woa anticipated.When tote was seen, and the feet that she could not beindeed The wildest eTtotemvtot and fear eaomctl to seiss every heart, and but few if aay were anflotoaUy col- lected to enable them to ampsny tbetr efforts for rescue advantegeosaly. In a few moment now she sank, whenCopper, to bare, waaaeibag a i t s 7 » a » » M , elevenIbeewnil niae hundred qoiamhi haviag changed hantia at tiaaeSgaroa.On*totoftwohundredqoiamhiaoidforthescenemayHebetterimaginedthandescribed. t Q M A il the above tntnaarflrma ware for oaehft will be necessary to explain what tbe aatore of the difficulties to t e e Baaesss Conference are to understandDoaaeattA Mnwra I tIsrsajauBiCB WITTB a s Buaniria TaAoaa.—AR<;EXTISE CONFEDERATION. mAtmv*ATum o r T H B tvaaxaaavw— rjaqnzA'B vAmamwu. uraax n i u i N»WcAMOtwr, mto.We aave aatos from Bnoaon Ayrea, vm Valparaiso to BtotmefMaawh.l^^D sawaws a^sw^aw^w^wjBo^ wsm • m^waawso^nap w#sane awswaa^BwadaaPtat Asm awsmr AAmKsAcould not compel the Qty Inapector to oassaawaoato what he did cot know> wah respect to the tatortor aflbba aa well aa to baa' of the water, huddled together, aasely, to amasa The . j Ayroae qtiaation H e baa erne oaaraamd htmaesf mater to sagpeaort to have been about twenty fast toa the mam oooctlauiag apirtt aad the ham in tenttone to depth Thus thrown tnsjatbay, oae clmging to aba other,He ateo toft small legacies to a few other persons. The motion of Councilman Sauw to return the oaramu-The great bulk of hto estate he toft to tbe execntora to ntaatoaii for correction waa carriedThe report of the committee of the Board of Aldermentbe frigate. Tbe British Commodore. when ha out a papers, sent, her been a ner barth a UCaptain Sparks, who commanded the brig, to an aid trader aa tbe coast of Africa, aad tt weBwarda tas partaa aad iadrvidaate oppaawt to h a and mat a i l uaoeawailly toad to iimmtofi tbe d" to h aOoaernl Urqma'a farewell apeeeh waa a!ao very fine. Oa ilemaiiat the pmatoa of abapw Otiaea, he oflarodrecommending the approprtoum of awXMO so purcbaae for tba ctty tbe rigbtef nee of Mickto «t OarvflaVa patentaarred a .asebatedontoesubject,Councumen Lmrr aapnatog tbe appropriaUon, oa the thatitbadsatbeenbeforeanycommitteethainttaem to their appeal* for redress to the GeneralMr. Roberto cairns that tbe court which knowa and highly raspseaed ta Bateaa. Hto ves-Ptoraag cries aad ahrteka, and ceils Mr help, both from tnose on shore and those on tbe unfortunate boat, Oiled tbe air Staters and brothers, parenaand children. retohves and trleads, whose hearts ware bound together by the nearset and dearestof^ earthly aae, aad animatedsome oa tbe sinung beat end some oa the shore. Oh bow rudely were those confiding hem to torn seuadcr and revtohed with wild and aching grief.The boat seem* to bare committed them to the bosomMrs Anne I Wade, of Baltimore (hto eon's widow),•1,100; Mr* Rebecca Brooks, Woborn,»l,000; Mtos NancyB. Wade, Woburn (a niece), $1,000 to money, and certainstocks of a ahe amount; Nathan toy nan, of Woburn,married, we behove, to a niece. 92,000, Hon. BowenBuekman,Woburn,a former partner.$1,000;JohnFlan-ders Woburn, B1JMW; Andrew J. Wade, Woburn, $500;the children of hie brother, Samuel Wade, $1,000, to beequally divided, to Joshua P . aad Parker L. Converse,anote sad mortgage upon an estate to Woburn, for td,Q0u,to Parker L Converse and A. E Thompson, hto stock to the moat excellent character.learn, tt appears that about two years ago the Rev. Mr. Roberto and five or BS member* of tbe Conference, who were strongly to favor of.adhermg strictly to old usages— such as ahontisg and other unseemly physical msauesU- tioBs—professed superior ssaeaty, which resulted tn wide- spreaddhenttofeehon,eventually hading tothetetoisnd expulsion of the •'unruly brethren." Boon atter tbe ex- pulsion of Mr. Roberts and his friend* from the Genesee Conference, which wsa effected b y a two-thirds vote, h e commenced publishing a paper to Buffalo, aad waa ac- tively employed tocireuiattog snaaphlea The expelled brethren were called "Naxaritee.' but whether the title waa given them or whether they voluntarily assumed it is not known. Of course tbe expelled brethren had aym- pathisers who cordially advocated their rights, and sup-Butafew(wehave number) were saved of daring, manly and gallantoftheexactOne act ofwhich has beenre-$35,000. Theincome(about$2,600annually)ofIII I*a torge portion of tbe Conference, but ttsel waadetainedtendaysmtherivwrbythetoter- ferenoeoftheBrihafa Qaptato Tbnsaaan further states that tbe British watched hto vessel very closely while takinginpalmoil.Aboatwaasentalongsideofherfreaasword.iobeemployeemthede- portedtous,sadwhichwebehevetrue,demandstartocharacter stillMaactiosofthedoubtful whether thto fire escape weald accomplish Conference upon this matter to looked forward quently. ana the officer tn charge kept a sharptookoutjl ioe cuoeUtuUoc; end he proclaimed Derqai as moor t idshould be rewarded by and nouses at Woburn Centre be bequeated a Mtos Caro- of h a aaaterate aad ommUmtmg policy the biettms gratitude of those immediately concerned, aa line Rebecca. Brooks, of Wobura. (A few years beforethe object in view a* effectually as some other patente, to with more than ordinary uasrest by the church at after tbe casks. apprenenaive. no doubt, mat tney uusmand Uat tt w*arrcrtosaly apendagtoesmney of the ctty. Ccuncilmenlavored$beappropnaiion.r After dtopoatog of some other mteor affaira, tbe Board adjourned until MondayPOLICE COMbUSSIONERS. The Board aa iat their usual hour yesterdaybrought three of the drowning persons to the shore, neve net teamed the aaaaaa of ateaaw eworth about $18,000, Is to be acid, aad the purmoney put at toaroat nil the whole amounto to both member*The following are the names of these telegraphed to us tbe teat, being the number stated,twenty-five, with oae exeepttoe —Mat Lixzto McKetgen a lovely stater of Mr. Isaac Mc- Kesjen, of our town; WUtts MeJUgsn, * youngsof the same, Luke aad William ItoQraad, brothers,or them a brother to tow of Mr MoKeerec above$30,000. when $10,0(0 a to be given to the Female Medl- oai.Ooilepe, aad 930,000 to Tufts College to found a profes- sorship.Joshua P . Converat to made residuary legatee for tbe balance of tbe estate amounting to a few thousand del- tors.One week after making tbe will he made a codicil, which was drawn by another person. In thto he confirmed tbe will, but made no awquests, simply making some roquaato to lafmania to the fatuity l o t « Meant Auburn.Col. Wade left neither brother nor mater alive, but b e had a torge mrrr.ber of eeptrrvv s a d eaten*, residing to Woburn,teoutfcJteadtog, Ljnaaeid. Weymouth, aad ether places, sad aval ot them people of small property. T*v»» relative* contest tea will, aad are tbe aneattonto to tea ease. They have employed se oonnsel B. r. Icomaa, X H. Sweetzer and J. M. Randall Tbe aptllee* an* ex* cnv>r* and legatees) a t e repreaeate^ by j . G. Abbott, tt F. Butler, G A. Somerby. and Webster, of LoweliAfter the reading of the minutei but could not refuse to present the petition. He believed the brig as migm be reqmred that famlltoa should sit together to church. The petitionMies Sarah Nettles.Two Maees McCownhMas name Alexander daughter of Mrder, af Camden MaeSarah Howell. Mae tieima OreabyYoung and oa Mas Mary Jeakiaa.Mr Rooott Mr. Hnggir*Alexaa-To THX BOAXI) or Pouca—I would most reapectfoilv report that there bas beensix aaaaa ofemail fax to house No.52Suabihstreet, three of which hare resulted to death. Number of into said house, fifty. • The agentto Doctor Abbott, of Cherry and Montgomery streetsBOWEM G LORD, Barsasad Sanaary Committee.Oa e motion it waa referred to tbe reatdant pbyev ctoa.OB a motion of Mr. Bowse, E. Wetoh waa appointed roundaaaa m tbe Bute precmct, and J. Miner and J Wuod roundsmen to the Tenth precinctThe quarteny report was received from Inspector Polk,Tmuuun, Chairman of Uu Committee on Itinerancy, preaented a report on tne case or James McBride, who waslocated b y tbe New York Fast Oooierence, whose widowaade a claim upon toe fund* for wives of deseaaad membars. The committee reported that tbe Conference tad range. At Cambridge, Bamesniie aad otherMr. Jerry McLeodMr. John Oaks,Mas Kelly.Little Ahee Robiaaon, (a aweet tittle girt )Mr. d. a atohfrurg. (Surveyor formerly of to J place.)lb.' Board dbanaawd the comptamt agatoat officer Huff, of the ;> -.-nth precinct, charged with perjury and drvikennesa.Rev Mr. MrrcBnix, in behalf ot Dr. Gabon, or New York, Chairman of the Special Oommittee on arranging the order o the Dnmplae, presented a report atottng that if the Conference desired further information upon the subject they could call upon tbe Chairman of the Committer. The report states that tbe ooatnttttee, having care ui'y examined the proposed new arrangement of ths DaatpUne, they ware satisfied that the present arraage-*Tbe appelranoi deny that tow " '>»,>-''' is the lastwill and testament of the decear«d, or that ne wasof sound mteu whet, be nbid'-•*•-' a , that b~ wssunder an improper alienee, eosreased over him by of B<> < » •• « '.ng the loliowmg facto—The forcecon ment was imperfect in various subjects. They were not greater quantities, fell te tbe earth The Cambridge J*J Joshua P. Cocr T»e, at in- Ume , that he did sot •ate cf 6 raotena, S»e*rgeaato, 96 litailrasBt, 171 satrel- separated to the several parte, but were so bleated that fersmtan. of Frioay, a a a a toe foUowag mention of the know the contour* thereof, aad what anpoerboa tt made BK!.,!, ' •; >. oornaa, toai, 250. W hole number of arrest* tt waa difficult a refer to s a y particular auc-ject by t a matter.—No little excitement nad arisen trom toe repart of hto properu>, that be waa induced to sign it by fraud m*d> during the quarter, were 8,238, an tocresee of 961. jxsition to thofbook. Dr Osborn had with great tabor that tbe rumbling sound which alarmed the defioate serves and deceit, and that at tbe Ume be had ao far test hto UI these, a,146 could rend sad wroe, 1,009 could neither arrangec tbe whole tote five parts, a* follows:—Parti of ao many ot our fair sex en Tuesday last, w ss oaosed mindastobeincapableofmakingabatwtllsadtesta readaorwrite,1.590married,aad1.T1Ssingle. There Doctrines;2.Government,3.Ritual 4.BenevoantIn- bytbefailingofashowerofatones,comingmanubiiqueor engineers upon tbe Wilmington aad Manchester Bail road, got upon the boat when about to start, aa w e learn, but thinking tbe crowd too great, ustei sained not to re- mam, thus no doubt narrowly eauapfag deaia.•eatwereduringtoe quarter 2,436personaaeeaawnedated wahlodginga, -Ui lost chttdren restored » thau parents, 706cases of violations of the city ordinances reported to theCorporation Council, and 36 case* ot noiahoti of the Sonday tow reported te the Dtou-wt Attorney. Tbe amountof propert) reported to the several abttton houses se hav- the Dacmtma the order ana arrangement proposed by Dr.Efforts to *ecure the bodies o" tbe unfortunate drownedfix witnesses—three to the will and three to thebreak out between Franca aad England. oa bearing of the pond were a0bn bototod, but the body of water waa gnat execution of tbe documentarrival of General Baiau oa tbe count, aad to new of aad could net be soon rue off. It waa thought that it Dr. Neaott also testified to the oondiuon of mind of Was probable rupture between Peru aad Bolivia, baa? would be sufficiently dry on Saturday night to admit of all Colonoi Wade for several years previous to hto death. He$689 50 recovered. Tbe following report from Sergeant Lord, of the ramary fores, woa received;—Tenth avenue—4M, sink full.•• 459 " aad dangerousWest 39th at—290. sink full and filthy."Nanaas' Sranot—One hundred of the nailers sad helpers employed a tbe Fail Elver (Maes.) Nail W a a A debate aaonad upon the adoption af the report, strusk an the Mh tost., for tbe purpose of rmapelrtog toewhich resulted to aa order to have tt hud on tbe table sad printed.The O&amaAH of toe Oommittee on Book Concern nudea partial report in reference to a memorial of the Superin-tendent of the mtaaion in Germany for aid to carryingforward their publishing enterprise They cannot recommend an appropratton from the funds of tbe BookConcern,end askforbe reference a ton Ooeaaateseon sharpwhitefrost would nave been teas t*wm* WeNEW YORK HSRALD, FRIDAY, MAY 11, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.Now the exporaonlarty aa r««pecta arhetoa of import, chiefly owing well aa those oa shore, became more intense. It seems added much to hto wealth. He left ao same, hto wife aad record of those who recommended his employees, hem the heavy demand from tbe mtorter. Owing to the that deliverance would nave come, and tent the boat w-iuldonly aon having died before him. His son's widow re wss unable to give then- names. Many persons had been serious ani widespread difficulties in the Genesee Con Dr Crmrr was in favor of sending a delegate to Rochesbmween Pressdont Caaulla aad Vice PretodentMar.a omaaqaeace,it to suppoaed,of tbetr onafltohag Weexpectfarther particular* bytelegraphJo Kags- ofaZoologicalandBotanicalSociety,asauthorisedbythe Croabya—128,sjttwraadattestfilthy.raws wtth regard to a war wtth Bettvto, tbe totter, ville thto morning and will hasten to pace before our >w > l Hy for readersalltaformationreceivedbyaatoregardtothtorecent act of the Iagtototure. tt la proposed to erect to the Central Park a xoolegtoal and botaatoal garden, such as extots to several of the parks of Europe, and to afford to our community means of pleasure aad instruction sue i se are enjoyed by the cttiaens there. Tbe mcettog on Wed-hast S2d st—170, sink full and cellar filthy West39th*t—l»4.hailandareafilthy.U6, 2114 and 218, sink lull and filthy. " 299, atok full and house filthy.Worth st—148, atok full sad yard filthy.**" " *.-.y . --?* **"*" " * "^iaoT truly terrible aaeateae at the ban* jrthe*puba" treasury It a pretty gaeeraUy ooo-sedsdtbatif Oaetflla abouM attempt to avade Babvafartherexpeaoiwee«tbepahaefund*togratifybib TBSLAWSOMFOKOK8.YCASg—FUllTHaW.ABaaWTSAND nesdaywaaattendedbymanyofourmoatdistinguiahed sanoteabatedE3or» are betog made to induee a European NJTW DffVaXOP&«aNT8.i to she coast ofPeru, to order to tocroaae the The Uwson forgery case aall drags its weary lengthmen, sad if carried out to the aaaa spirit with which ithas been inaugurated tt will prove a success. Mr. George COMMIBSIONEBB OP CHABTTIES AND COR- sirable. If any, a appointing atewarat, and their doty, Neeark, by tbe Turnpikeiofeottea,battttoananaay*stotivi asuterwamg,-mmt.tmiiThe governaaatbae made aaeh baaey drafteon tbe bona of atebs k Co Uattbeitter has applied rer an ex-lo theRECTION.The Board of OnVrtttea and Correction met yesterdaywhich was referred.Jccra KIGD, of Indiana, offered a resolution, as te thePolice latelllsremea.The owners were notified, aa usual, to have the ani-along. Y esterday detectives Sampson a n d Devoe made two additional arrtste, to tbe persons of Joal W. Foote sad Cornelius Totteu, brokers, doing buatoeaa to Wall street. The prtooners ware brought hafare Justice Wetoh at tbe Lower Police Court, where they ware held for a bearing, whtoh will come off to-day. At fcngth Lawaoa's object a committing the forgeries aeems capable of ex- riMMHoi it appears from what we omild learn yester- day that tbe pranaer was a the bahtt i f raatoa amailOwlvfce was called to the chair and Mr Frank Mooresnpomwd secretary On motion of Cyrus W . Field acommittee was appointed to nominate officers, sad theysubsequently reported the following ateket, which waa per to the Chair. unanimously adopted.Y atenru W s x i i Cnor.—The Staunton Spectator a y * — The universal testimony of our farmers to that tbe wheat crop of tha county never promised a Bitter rate a teaSmartThe Kagfsto stossser aet bevmg touched at QueyaquU turns of moaev on the forged deeds, enabling parties to Opriagoadwip Stxmkmy I W .Alton aeilroad. Every day. to about 2 P M . "J»"°»whom he traaaterred these ncttttous titles to beoome bah Beecnhmy Secretary— Frank Moore rartbttr advtom from Kcuade* It • beboead, however, tor amuaals. In two awaaasna owners of lemeatste f^anHwer—Wttoon 6 . Hunt.that the oaaatry a soil m s state af aaaroby, which will were todaeed to part with their property in lAbnmm-X Batty Myera.The Coxonittee on Episcopacy were instructed to inquire wheT^to^^wbc have suffered aay daauge at the hands of the forger IEWS FROM CEHr&lL AMERICA. The name* of iter victims ere amiaaae P. Bergommi andtheir cffical duties, and require the same of their nftrrtoto neltol for immorality. a quarterly Conference shall have l l e h *aaer^asT«cbas*rto When, backingrjntntoico Oelto. They clahn tD haae been .wrauded out George Fotoom, B U. Dor*mua.of a farm worth »*0Qo\ toawated to Now J^sey, to the faUowmg Btoaner—In January last Bergotnim m y a h e called upon Chartee G. Theaaama, one of Lawsea'a al-iraoefuUy a tooogh bowing an adieu, two of the trains it, « taI awitehes, while the other two scream away over toe iron bound prairie The trsas then tot go on tbe main tracks again, aad they a n off aad away.Rev. Jttm Amlaraon $290, betog the teaeaatvrhtohbo to*Beeotved, That the night nurses which have been es> in conoequenoe of tbe divanon of tba church to 1946. I ofthe7ainst say*—Mr. W G Paha, of the firm ofyobtotosobM. chad of a — inc. Thetotoawiiaaad.howave^tobaveaaaatbaaadthattbetotetothemwaa P^S^L^^JUl«f pre-an affidavit m tbe asaidtohavethe place of Mr. DalyThereport added that tbahospttaiha beetwith hot and cold water in abundance, and thai _have been token for tbe tmmedtoto tranandaawn totb island of patkanu auffermg from the amailpox.port recommended the dtocharge of Thomas aalloran store keeper , and Wm. HaUoran. t b e clerk c fHospital, and the oration of an office ofaccountant of that inatttution The a p a _Riddle as matron of the hospital, at a salary of$300a^year,E. a BAvsetaf New thethe DanphTr which five o'clock a toeMr. Snmi, ofof perjury to atat to haveto cba^r#d with havteg sworn tetbe <rwaership of a boon.toe shadow of a title, so that hefar h a father, w e e bad been arrested oa ohanre ofITWBMOT aUK COUMTBT—AFFAXK naTWBhM TWO H I -r l W C IOF WAUBB'VnUT-PTTCHnW}INTO TOwhen the claim a alio«,'d me Conference may »ap-V ' ate toeaesouut ttwry deem proper It wss fwfsiisd .> \***I L ftaa, af Trey, beaded to a rsaato- boa direettag the ThaasWiim oc Rtnak a re« i ^ t r 1 6 - ^ 1 J L W J 3 * ^ Vait SL'jaasn' oTbhTway£y Isee!?VZ^L'VZZJZ*?**'*' *"**« subject ss soon aa it ie e^ctdod^boTto'oa ro^Ume^ shati be ebl>s»d sT yoa wig Inform me hew me vattef a abort duratton—1 should tbmk euty a day-could be torued to best account for tbe rrsarienhon of^htodeembtotoknow ;Adtoaraadtothe JeeephBrooks,Arkanaae tomynrehagaboutitmoneyPftoce, who, after eS, to to reaaua tbare hat ato beexpended aB Sargent, E. Batthaere: J M R DnbiiBiBbaiiB*a, K. Mam*: ala ta. dnea Aeai aaya>-The Cuke of Newcastle's totter to a fair todieatbkoa ofe expectahona ratoed to Instead touching the Frtvannt to America, anad asf the extravagant ncohtions that pa- veiltoibanplaces. JohnBulltofamousforhisloveowb«awroyaslBtyyttE*to'"S?wa^Wneaerer M 3 rcyal moves about froto pleee toptoes a England, n w aa wtawj ij^aas nr^^aanawa.t aaawta ajnsaji a M#eawaaae> toAadav aFau^josWia* •NoTWfD our tatheriand consider that 1 done her duty—to a rtobt stem of aba hie the same extrarwhenever the PrincebjtasV.P . ABmtth, Geneetee Geo Rottedge, Iiltooa; C B. Davtdaoo. lactase; J . A . Hahiwaad, Raaaa saw ltobraaka; H . M Carry, Bantansy; H. P . Tetany, Maiae;] A. K. fiutott; Mchajan, aHobart, Minnesoa, K. Shuaate,Mnatoatoul, BtajsmmDay,Newark,W.HHatch Newaagland,L Howard, New Hampshire, A. K. Strset, Now Jersey, J Heldxh, New York, Albert Nash, New York, East; Cyras Nutt, Northern Indiana; Henry Whiteman, NorthernThe scene waa kept up tilt one o'ctok Saturday morning. TbetoUowtagwecopyfromtbeHalifaxCkromcfc—It to said that Mr. Batch, tbe Onnmbwtoner appointeeto tbe admibistrattoa of the dtocipltoe within the bojuada Bending a maatortary edrter tn German-, to seatot B e e . oftheGeneseeConference,signedbyovereighthundredMr.Jacobi,aadtotakechargeoftheBiblicalInstituteWade, of Woburn, to now being tried before Judge BigeAsaa, tbe celebrated Bolrrtaa warrior The aatore oftoe despatches a not known. but, Judging from the war-U** ,r - l a g that prevuto throughoot Boirva, it abardiyto be »«ppeaed that thar are of a pectao obaraotor. Aeorres.. -a.at writtog from Puno, under date of let of:Aj>nl, sere - T h e Bouvton masaeto, after the fashion of were immediately employed, dome were token trom tbe sodicii—testiftod to the signature of Colonel Wade, and thatUma Saiweaaw aaarahaJa whee war waa expected to water. Othera could not be found. The floodgatea of tbe to their opinion be waa of sound m a d at the a n a of the tog been stolen amounts to $4,tf» 7$, of whtoh there waa Oabon be adopted.direction toward tbe southeast The specimens thatwe have seen are angular, of light gray cotor inaraaUy, aad of dark metallic on the outside. They are very compact and heavy.These e'Jagatlons tbe sppeUeea deny, and the day waa OBBSTinart yeateraay to baartng a portion of tbe wsumony on their part.A dbtouasion was had on the adoption of various by- lawa, among othera regulating the mods of aimit- ung new members, which to to be by tbe payment ot a stock subscription of oae hundred deUara, or I v e dollars annually, and the meeting adjourned.The report ie to fewer of tbe foitowtag rsaoteaone — Beaolved, That Timothy Daly be aad to hereby re- moved from th-s office of Warden of BeBevue Hospttal.tono power to re-ttoeane him without tbe consent of the Conference from which he waa expelled.Mr. Jssaeoe presented a reaointton directtng the Com an aae Book Concern to report hi favor of payingNEWCASTLE.- every torge ana at preparations to rtsoerre theBOARD OP AIDERMEN.ThM laard met bat ereaag, President Peek to tbepoputortecterf"What a Bftod Man Saw ta aaeteai^'i ceatednraaa. a ratolton to sathag l b s farm m NewJnnay. Tbaeaaaoa jB^aaeed to extchaage seme leteatta-seedtoNhaw-fltth and Ninetysnathatiseta,a tbtoctty, Tea FLMer Cot. &uam>w,H Frsnui-—The flag tobttsbedsincetbemutitottonofthechildofMaryConnor, waareferredtotheabovesonunitae. ^th^ property He represented that the tote betonged wbah was carried on Wednesday hi the funeral of Col by rats, be continued, aad a constant watch be directed to Josnr Con., of rWaaberg^baaltted to a neb man named Lawson. whs was connected withCharles H. Saadford is tbe one that Gen. Fnx, of Veae- tuela.preeenied to Captain Green, on last Evacuation Day, in acknowledgment of hto courtesy in escorting him (Gen. Psea) sad Coi. Sandford to the boat, on the day of tbau-de- nartnre from tbto country. By tbe apecial request of Gen. Pa*i, a was carried yesterday to the funeral of the tote Coi. Bendford, by thecetor bearer o i the Q ty Horse Guard.BaceAL Mntiunt Of a FOULS lirA.vr —About etoreb o'clock tost night ss several men were engaged latog the prrvy of No. 90 Cherry street theybody of a female btteat, about tea months old, wtth its throatantfromeartoear. Ithadevery appearanceof havtog been tn the aak some time, but who was tbe per netraaor of the deed tbe police ware unable b a t night tobe maintained _ _ Mr. John K.Whato waa then appomted Warden, ta taketbe Committee on law :—" Does the ft Dawphae forbid the bototogrf atevaij In whtoh tt forbfct*Kent.Panes;Co:Mr.LewtoGmter of thearmof Ga ter, Alvey A Areata; Mr. George J Sumner, of tba arm of George J Sumner a Co ; Mr W a Breeden. of the firm of Breeden, Fox k Co . aad Mr W . & Dwaaaa.ef toe arm of W. & sad Gee. Itoaaaa, will ami a the Afrtoa, o aaresolutionm theSthtoat>,forEurope,topurchase stnekaaf goodsforAiltbaiiim 1,wah the aawajtam af Shav-to the Tombs awaiting the reautt of the to week to three children. Her hentea baa bean isaiiietl atht to tbe peatteatary mr«baprwhabtewMttberovul be » a d a y <?r t w o ,twoyaera,anda aowU»sf IreshiMrea.TneBoardrtttekaoasd^joiouurnraedsdforawesaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069of the Brazihan oorvotoe Donna babel, thank* rcr the courtesy and attenttoaa shewnaf tbe Braaaaaa sorvatta wale to oratAlderman Bootsreturnbtgemploy m consequeues of erealtont qualifications, without reference to polatoal sanajderabnaa, aad aa no official reCouacUman SHAWmud the itetemeot that many persons werekeptmemploywithoutregardtopoliticaldifferences, on account of proper quanaoationa, Bounded very wall to the communication, bat waa aet a satement of facte. He had known tnaiswrrf where persons had been turned froa employment where the quaJawatttoaa were of tbeground nut* Tbe hatches were off and men at work in the hold - her papers were shown to the lieutenant, who declared them te be fraudulent, and who, *g*i*at tbe re- monstrance of the maw (wnohad charge at tnej ume, tie captain betog ashore), got under way sad beat her <of the pronoun received:—;, the fntlowtog oommumcabon w a sNaw Y oas. May 10,1360.was referred te tbe Committee on Reveals.Mr. BBcaoa presented tbe appeal of John W. Wood, ofthe W a t Wisconsin Conference, which waa referred to he Court of Appeals.asrortr? or STAKDCVGccenrrrrsasReports of staadtog committee* betog to order, Dr.A^ EAKfKQr-iKi cv EISTSSC* Onm—Msrsosy ^rcsss— TaueoK or TKB Parana—the Oalumbus (Omoi AMI or the 31 inst. ay*—Un Tuesday last the counbe* of Guernsey, Belmont and Harraon. in 'Eastern Ohio, were vwtted by an earthquake, more sortou* than aay preceding one to which there n any record in this secuoi; of tne country. The earthqake lasted for about thirty m a w s , (or se- conds?) producing tbe most .ntense exeaement among the mhaottanta, ana atriaicg urrer te the hearts of all who happened wfhm itoSet, "Saw, " 249and253,atokfull,_ Cortow CEOF —Tne Montgomery ( A a ) htett ays—Such weather a hai prevailed for a wee* er two, a very injurious te young cotton and corn aad frutt. AMctt at—279,281 aad 991, sank full« 301,309, 3t»>» and 301)6, atok full and filthy « 308,310,312,314 and SMI, atok mil, yard finny.afternoon—all the members present, aad President Dra-propriety of amending tbe Dacipline ao aa to state moradefinitely the disabilities in reference to local preacaerssgahat whom no chargaa were sustained, but who, bav- season of the year, but the deceptions promtoas of pastUke effect on Monday, the 14th tost.DIKXCT TmAim WTTH RicHnoaro —The Richmond WaifTbaorMaaaamFotxs.—The fort •alley(Aa.) —e 94th states that a Mr. Aaron Weaver, of the exa»red*^ofHouetoaeoaity,toftou Moa^ynahiwtth thawneof Mr SSBBOOI Fettar,recently of South Onro- eftbea waa abet they took tbe , goteg West, intending to aave Ala Mr Weaver left a wile leakerbaa hadtwochildren,aadrears.in tbe btoldm/A pnvjo^ room for in*ZwsatTerfflbeof"the church have a right to object to anyof a committee te try them by showtog cause r P. MrrcHEix, of Ptttoburg offered a raanhiiia Mate Ax*thatahthe annual conferences, except CbJaforatoTbe President 1 CityPreen^L??!? -*?—-EESlUntitled Documenttor fitting upaad yard filthyand 13 cawa to tbe cellar.at—172 aad 1T8, «19a, 197 aad 199, privy aad yard filthy. 21ft and 999, sink full and yard filthy 190,182and ltd, "299, atok full and yard filthyMaatons, whtoh wa* the mode of IMdisposal.Or. Ccasv offered a resolution directing the Committeeon Correspondence to inquire a a tbe propriety of send tag a delegation to the Old School Presbyterian General assembly to bs bold at Rochester next weak. Tne reaolution was adopted.Wa. H . HATCH, of New England, presented a resolutiondirecting the OaaamJatoa on Borstals to report aa te the proprietyofaltering theDiscipline,sosstomake itread test every superannuated preacher who might resile with- outthebounds,olaConferene*ofwhtohhewaaamember should be entitled to all the privileges of tbe church, but he should not be eligible a aay official station: atoo, that ha character should not pass unless the presiding elder fumabed a certificate. It wsa referred.F.HOTTpresentedaresolution,askingtheCommittee on Temporal Economy to oonaider what change Is de-bear already of red stalked cotton and atofcbr corn, from oae of our boat plantation manager*A CATHOUC Cotxaea a Naw Jaaarr—Tbe Bpacteue and elegant naroto •saalnii at South Orange, N. J., built a tew years since aad occupied until the 1st msi by s wealthy merchant of New York city, was purchased re eentiybytbeRightRev BishopBayleytobefittedupa* a college The grounds attached cotnpnas upwards ef sixtyacres,andthesumof$40,COO,ft a said wasex- pended to the erection of the buflmag A commodious wing a now being erected, the corner stone of which will be solemnly told by the Btobop on Wednesday, May 16, at 1930 P M Tbe wbois wffl be used after tbe susuaar vacation for iseton Hall Cou**f which will be removed from Madtoon. It a satoated three quarters of a mite from the South Orange depot on the fine of the Morns and Es- sex Railroad, and waffle three and a quarter aattoa afb y Bee. W. H. tiooaa, af awaitaetiil the opeaag iwayjaaaa servtess, afterto toeTheof the respective Cotf<tag Court sf Appeals, whicb ad—Beaorved, Tbattheaamaf fci^oo be* aad to bareby,appropriated to pay Ike fees, STfaaa sad dtoburssaaenteto tbe matter of tbe ceatoetod aeats iron toe Second aad£«hth Aldermaaic dabrxto, aad that the specific bulkthere cr, countersigned by the cbarman of the Cam Ohio; Jam. Johnaon. Nofthweatern Indana; Z. Connell. anted, aad the delegates were admitted to !l»Bnaa*tetnttaWnwJat>dSanala*ssnnnfnflnlnananUBsflantnsnnKwmawah OMto;W.Beddy,DecideV.B.Hoyt,Oregon;Third rraniaa, wtth Batgaii pavement, waa reconsidered and adopted. On tbe vote betog p u t , Alderman Oweas «aktd to be excused from voting. The Board, however, refused to excuse him Aluerman Owens then refused to veto. Several members moved a n d seconded—in elndtog reenbaeaaa and damouani that AldermanWare. S. E.Vaa Ctore, &miniatenal service in retotton tea new bu•.', nng m Balti- aere for the bock coeeera; a favor of e book paaahaaag bouseaQutocy,11) arelationtotbeFivePotatoaad other New York etty mtoateua: on ss*ttng tbe congraga MODSto churches aad from Oregon sa tee importune*ofKent (who ta leader of the (government and to tbe peraocthat waa apnotetod tost year to represent tbe cetony tothe intei national Fishery Ooaaatoatea) and Attosaoy Gen-era' Hofsett quarrelled. The Ooloniai Secretary calledher Majesty a Attorney Genual a poppy and n brat Tbehpeaker iShea) accused the Attorney General of betogdr ok. The Attorney General called the Speaker a liar owena be declared a contempt, and that ha be put an prcaeeaed by M Raymond, of New England, a relation The Committee on Maatoas reported m faver ofanaD P Burfbut, Troy, J. C. Ayera, Upper Iowa; P. Mer rill, Yermont; W . Hunter, W. Virginia, A. Brunsoo. W .P Hv naw u f e l c • dAUaaaUaa •Virgina; P S. BenneU, Waconam, R. NelsonAn audtttonai batch of petition* and aniwmtob wereorder thto aairatagTbe creeeattoto of:delegate* from tee Waateyaa body ofMarRwta change of the rules an stovesy, and three agatoat; tafever a toy daeassaea aad agahat the anna, on tba pre- J. & Steughten, Back Brver, E. G. siding eldership a relation to the exteaaaa of baae of abater te make hto bow and aay. How do yea do and then return, and, if the Presbyterian* desired a make aay re ply, they would be at liberty to do soAfter assae farther good neWed dtocuation tbe aaotton to recommit was laid on tbe able, and tbe report adopted.A communication from tbe Btohops wee toid before tan Conference, to reference to a revanon of the ritual, whichread aad placed on file.Leone, March 98, arrived here thto forenoon, nays tbe AtetoarVasiilrroftiteOto tost., aad reports that the bra George W. Joaea (of Salem), Oapt. Sparks, * a a • « * • • February 16, at ;to* entrance of the RiorHoogo,(Africa), by the British frigate arrogant, Commodore W. Edmon ion, *a a slaver, and taken possession ot by the second lieutenant,whotookthe brig te thefrigatetenouieeat ana. The brig WM half leaded at the time wtth aide* andcontain negroes, or water for negroes. American vessels •cf war rarely or never visit tne unhealthy paces on the coast,andconsequentlycannot affordoarhdnesttraders protection. Tbe B.iuah commodore appeared much an noyed by the proceedings of h a subordinates sad pro- to ait apart to toe public congregation. Mr. ceeded to Fernando Po to exptaa tbe toreaaaaaess k> the did not sympathise in thetoastwith the petitioners, American commodore, and te oiter aueh cornpwaaabon tono jurisdiction to that particular case, and a resolution to that effect was adopted.potato, the citizens assembled together in the streets and prayed for a safe deliverance from the destined fate which seemed impending. Probably the moot singular feature at tbe event, long U be remembered by those who saw and felt it, was the failing of what a supposed to be meteoric stones a various portions of that toeahty Four torge stones, weighing trom forty to sixty pounds eaca, fell on or near the track of the Central Ohio Railrad, near Concord. burying theaaeives to the ground about two feet. while at CtoyeviiUe, Boatheeet of Cambridge, and other portions of the country, stones of the same q ality, but inmg rendered themeeives unecoeptable to the people, that tbe Quarterly Conference will not pass their character. Referred to the Commit** on Bevaato.years admonish ue to be cautious a expeaung great rasutte.lR W. TnaVB, of Iiltooa, offered a resolution to favor ofaltering the Dtocipltoe so as to make tbe allowance of single preachers $200, including travelling expense* Re- tha point one of the asset splendid eaeoto afjhejnnmpn ferred to the Committee en Temporal Economy.rtTonp*,ahall hereafter provide for tbe expeaaea ot — totbto preach wherever Mat part ofto preach at Referred te theLa the TJaxapone that .tola market. They wtU abtp direct to Jaa** rrver by the Virgto»eadUverpce4aaeof packete the erst of whicbexpected toajrtveberea a abort thee. Mr Drewry,of tbe firm of altott\Jk Drswry, aaft 1proposedthat t b etefollowmai directto VirginiaAll of them will ship r,at» that thetba www.fultonhistory.com 