 HEW PUBLICATIONS.AIT BTPBIM: IHK " OLD MlSTHtS" OF ITALT PalBtlac. BtJambsjAOKioaJabtis,antheror Alt Hisb. PtriiUn Bl(ht«, *c., Ice. Oibbt k JiOK- MBt Nev-Tork. auipwx. Lot. 8o« k Co., L?ndoB.nit majoritf of Americana know but little; lie laments thatHOB ft FiBLM poUWi P—m», Saerti «m( Amk- Ur, by Bev. Wm. CB4Mwau„ D. D., edited, with amoet angnat transaction on record, vli : the aatab- Usfament of tin theocracy. Whea Jehovahtook upon himself the immediatefeatiTalin.niiIadelpUa on "VMe&thats'daT.'soeerteirty. We assart tkattbartaenofftaSlataa havedeliberatelyrefusedftwyearspasttofWillCfcelr00^ li«cedlaprqiaialiaDiCarratataiachoae,tMMUaboat Alt, And car* les*. deplore* in the outaet of U« book:" thepublicvoiceisdumb;"that thereisnoand how I lx>re you oa eagle's and wings,put«Ter«aldemandforBeantr." Buttheriddleofthis silence, if riddle It be, Hr. Jabtis fails to expound. He does not seem to recognize a truth wiiich is vis-ible oo the very face of the fact he deplores:patri- ccntravenmg all law and as expressing the demo-stipulation by making It a sail the I would rather be speaker,the do not for Beautj is very con- public hungerThe devotional spirit which breathes through the volume reminds us of theloyalty,of the ceded territorya SpsiSaid oraa ItaUan, than be an American aad live under a Cai^clutfreevidencethatthetimeforits developmentcoiBidaatI8)i.hlnau And all the people an- swered together, and said. All that the I/ord has spoken we will do. And Moks returned the words of the people unto the Lord."niac spirit of Eachman anarchy."dothatFattv.has not quite arrived. The lap of a Republicgatvleoncse,ased to effect theobjectsof the eonstttutioa.l>eatway obuin coOperatloB was by theour forefathers had little time for fostering the ssthaticelementsofsociety. Theirdescendants,enflsged in solving the problem of self-government, have Bot hitherto had leisure to devote themselveisto the study of Art Our Government, itself an experiment, in endeavoring to thread its way; never that the election the itsdivineauthority. fSeeExodus 3sets of Congress, or render useless any attempt toshipeoplerepresent, and bur- three-fifths of theU: "Lawfully to secede" is a self-contradiction a slaves authorizing iupartation of slaves forpicturepresentsCrete,the Government, the divine right of kings, in thedependent State,have continued to Increase, and further fortiearance duce contract 'lllar-**, establishHeU |s madness to demand of tbe North such aa la^>oa-KMe and exciting measure as a coostltutinnal amendmentInfavorufslavery. HeasksoftheRepublicaaato to ibis which demands no eoa- yield compromise,cession of prls< iDle 00 toelr side, but onit a etmct^ sion ofpolicy. It is not expected that a measure like thiswculdbeai-ceptabletotheCottonSta'^«. 'The Cotton Slates want secession and a Southern Confed-Thia fact Mr. JabycsThus ihalt tbou eay to tbe house ef Jacob, and tell 9w ehUdrea ofcies. ItIsa Is perfect state. Itsoveretgn^."These statements arecompetent to entireThe growth must be a gradual,deningitta direct taxes forInstead of wonder- ing and lamenting that Art has not found a moredistraction of their customers.openestablishmentThe course of the nas been thingnni-thatpure religions feeling, unmixed with sectarian bit- terness or prejudice, pervades Dr. Cboswill's poems, and prepares us to love the man while we respect the author.poiitica.in Holy Scripture, such sentiments are shockingfor their To a sinful man's blasphemy. humility,labor mar be dne,"Tbls stipulation was so material to the compact thatwithout It that compact would not have t>een made.The number of the hejd greater contracting partiesslaves, and they had previously evinced their estimateIn his reportingspeech, sayszealous poet and Christian, Oxokoi Hebbibt.is a cradle for Art. Busied with the Rev. Dr. Williams' brief introduction topoor Songs for tht Sorrowing sums up so forcibly the breaking of sod and the felling of forests, sad circumstances which gave birth to the volumemaywhich is right in his own eyes." It Is a singular Tuc States of Mame, New-Hampshire, ITermoot, Mas-prompt and energetic aciaa, aad beUai tostyle and faulty rhythm which the captious and through the labyrinth in which political questions critical reader would detect. Phivnbt, Blakb-did not renounce His nor withhold His authority,potentate may in defiance of theto enact lawsment existing in the public imnd, from,var1aaa arisingcauses, toucblag our reiatisba with tte Federal Gar-have involved it, has scarcely been in a condition to eitaod that foatering patronage to Art whichXAK & Mabon are theSo tenlbie an onslaught has been made ondoctors Slid drugs Of late, that we fancy but fewChurchA nation first bydka to its necesattlea^ at a subse-;tba Executive desires that sach OMasuresother and older governments vouchsafe it.Iowa have revised to stuTeader to justicecharged wltt^Urder, and with loclting servile msur-it rosy provide itself with luxuries. We ate scarcely prepared to rank the art-elementconsUtu- compacthasbeendeliberatelybrokenanddis-quAit periodas a aeceasity la a newly-formed commuoity, Hr. majority— it will certainly be thrown to the dogs,tioaal regarded byat Issue, their InvolvingJabvbs' very ingenious argument to the contrary,unless theSocietyfor thepreventionof to crueltySMtes of the to la ocder toUnion, ponue, maiata^If possible, her rl^bu In the Union, asaad whas»memoir, byDr. Cbobwill ; lie hymaedpolitical thethejr are not developed aad not free. As tkflallvldaal be-coaduoe to tbe orno discreditIsrael:Ye have teen what I did imto themore yearspeople, thepeoplelax wdl through ttie ballot'^wx,gardingtheofisthe disposition physic adopted bytonon-slaveholdlng States, and the andand theIn spite of the opinion of "all anin-ais interferes to prevent this consummation. " "people's sovereigntyguarante«d7 whereas,our frontiar by Indians, and the lives of our citi-notwithstanding.clasees in Europe," we cannot place it " on a par The last cure that progressive non-physickingphysicians commend to the consideration of suffer- "perfectthe Federal Constl'uilonandhi social needs with sewerage, pure water and gas."If the poor of this City had to decide between having ing humanity, is the movement cure," and itseither case, the Government of God """Independencezens uken. and their properly destroyed thethe Croton at command, or a gallery of the old masters convenient, we fancy they would not be long in making choice. To ed ucatc the taste ofathe work of a day.elseitisnotahaalthyone. Nofruitatall,inthis instance, would be preferable to that which should result from a forced hot-house culture. And we would prefer that our counter-jumpers should re- main ignorant forever of the very names of Ra- rHAiL and Titian, rather than to have them prat- ing prematurely of " old masters," and interlard- ing their conversation with technicalities to thepracticement.BAT & BLAKiftTON. Thatup to the standard required by art is not cured by a system of localized movements is pos-destroyGod will righteously punish by evils which no pre- recognized by giving to free persons distinct politicalStale ofLegislature of the state of Texas to convene la Ex-willpassuntilMacbeth'sadvicere-recuon in -tlfFState of Tkus the Virginia.upoaClitblabd Coxa.ad- nstioo, peopleaumtloaat obligations, aad we refer te tkeir utes for the proofsA.did not make poetry a professionown steT Ualted S-t"at—es^, la U—s f1o0 irntat:No person held to service or labsr la sne State. «o-rather because be must, than fortiearing the echoings of his lyte.are verses in the volume before us that would re-actuallygaveupon manypretentious names in the long list of poets. Aflectforth as the cardinal doctrines of Puritan theology, and Puritan ethics and Puritan But to the Christian's faithpartytowhom sooh serviosRlxbta meetly He eoold not see bow any sane man could heritatecontaining them, that criticism is effectually dis- armed. The sorrowing ones for whose consola-practicalljj^e thing,execute them. InIs diichsrged from the service or labor cUlmelTandthese songs are intended will naturally bebuilds aup veryplausibleargumentin favor of hiscivil government represents the conscience, as the soul's eye, looking heavenward and seeing thesanctions of eternal of political loyalty.;SAM HOUSTON."POSITION OF THE COMPROMISE MOTK- MENTS.you the peculiarities of touch and style which the instructions of the Holy Ghost iii the Epistle line of became a hereditary descent,comrasrce, and to do all other acts and things which Independentcare itself u-htn it com-s. ufsays to the South thatpublishers.in thiascience of the Christian.and is set forth Chiblesand principalities established and insiituted asdivine ordinances, in fundamentallaws and are thenceforth ;theoryFavmtr TiYLOE in a bookoy published bymanysible and probable enough, the author of the bookUnion, therefore,ispropertytheory, and many individuals will undoubtedly fol-low his and their afflicted bodies suggestions, putsoleciem. Secession is disunion, and disunion is twenty years, snd by stipulating for the rendition ofa series of weak nothing very especial ails themanyGov- by the ac- Those States deciding upon the propri-when but we fancy that serious disease takes them in their grasp, their first movement in carrying out theiras themoralthe const! lutedvates politics among the interests of man alongthroughgymnastics ;judicial facultyof tbe to determine the soul,ernment Itsalf has t>een destructive of themTrDm the Boston'WASHiKOToa, Saturday, Dec. 31, 18M.whenever,""who beareth not the sword in vain to executethe laws, and for the citizens to obey, and be sub- ject to " the powers that be."tion of the non-staveholdiDg States. rightIndispute was the Territorial questloa, which aU ties were alraid of. have advanced suoa" movement cure " will be to send for a doctor.;The second series of Martin's Natural His- tory, translated by Sabah A. Mtebs from the Ger- man, and of whose merit we have before spoken,they among them of societies, whose avowed object is to disturb uie peace and eloin the of the citizens of other States.by none, and tacked away in library cor- another link in the chain of obligations by which therein to his fullest developedmust rest in the belief that Slavery is Constitution has been aided, in some of the States, bythelaw of the land, are incapable of becomiag citixens; for it is ners for the beauty of its upographicj she has bound the youthful community. The book society that develops man, and the Christian nationthe publicObthe other hand ilieSmtkhomMMtong pictures,one memberwith it. [See I Cor. xii. U-2G.] This is the aspectEurope, the earth.lery. eachthatitself; he points out to island ofthebishopinspired apostle incorporatedpowernor would it be deserving consists of tales of Scottish heroes and poets. is the highest oftype societyby children, who shall gaze upon the shattered, colossal frsgmentssouth of 36° 30* to tbe chsuces ef Squatter %or«r-elgi.tr, ls.scoroed by the other side. wUl hav* Tbeyexacution aloneof any better fate. Of such a crime, how- Prominent among the latter stands Bcbnsever, Mr. Jaktis is guiltless. He has given the former, Wallack, and "The Bruce of Ban-for as theone and hath many members, and all the membersone body, a book which commends itself in every partic- nockbum." Ticekob & Fuelds must have had also Is the nation;body body,is;and theular to the reading public, and those who cut a Kew-Year's in their mind when they set their the hand to the feet, I have no need of againstso unto us, the hand, I have no need of thee, norof our Constitution with stupid wonder at theness of their forefathers, and with muttered cursesand their votes have been used to a new cogniztngand enfotnmg Slevwry, and any oae wka Inaugurateartists at work to illustrate the work, and bade will continue to cut and read for their own them do it well.but God has set the members, one ofdeprivedthemselvesofasecurehome who ;or two and them over from a sense of glanceeverypageduty,pleagiK- Mr. Jarvis is an original and vigorous thiidkK BB well as a forcible writer. He is atand humani- ty, just as the fruit of Constitutional Liberty was m the among the civilized nations ofcommon terri-TBE POLITICAL CRISIS.^-haHpatt-thegreater{)artofalifeingalleries. To THBCHRISTIANIDEAOFCini.GOT- oronememberhehonored,allthemembersrrjaicetbeTbe guaiantecB of the ConstitutioB will then no hear to it. But the great lesdmg spirit of the mldda-men, Wmua Davis, with his tnewls. Is aotthat the mAtter sboold end so, and another prope- sitioB has been soggeated whlafa obviates the gieai dUBculty.as well a man may be whoanother, whether midst ofthe preparation of this work he has brought the BBNIHEMT.observations of years. In the selection of the A Beratan b7,K«T. Praacia TlBtee^ D. D> title he has evidenced taste and discrimination. PBKACHBn IH TBINITT CBUBOH, DEC. 23, AVO BB-of society in the organic relations of nathmal -Individualism is recogruzed but in its associaticins.SOUTH CAR(H<INA.Your companion discourses upon Paul instituted Titus as pleasantlyof the church in the"and powemerroneous religious belief.—to obey magi*trate8." Titcs, 111, 1.We, therefore,ofSouthfsct dUNett-Jlexico. This Is now Slave territory.;Wherefore ye must needs tie subject, not only forIbi2,ConstltuiloB of tbe United States by the Federal"wrath, but for cunfcjeace sake."—Romans, xitl, 3.Slave code and all violent Is undertheAnd yet therediseasesbemay obligations, to "obey the magistrates" asInstitutions. The right ofin slaves waspleasureof"J. P. BBNIAkllT. mos. c. u. conkad.more and promhientEgypUaas, brought you unto m^selt. Now, therefore, If ys will obey my voice. Indeed, and keep my covenant, then ve shall«Ideatin;thort of oa amm^suat is tke Oonstitiui*n r»-LtND-principles bound, by religiousNote, 8ah Tkertjart, I,amongourdegeneratedposterityofpigmyelevatingtocitizenship persons who, bysupreme ;•IK y^B^gottt >iine0> JHoilbllQ, BMNNbtt 81. WU».tionmore pleased by the tender sentiment pervadingthem, than offended by the occasional erudition of to iudgens like all the (heathen) nations"—Godhands in an alliance ofministratioa of the Jewishfeeaor, happlaeaswere summoned, and" Aad Moies went up to Godtheir consent. and tbe Laid calledcomesmade tbe bumaa soul sufficient for all its ownunto him of outanethar, ihaU. u er recnlstlon tbarein, ba dis- charged from such servlos er laV>r, bat shall be deliv-personal pre-give it individuality and determine its authenticity, to Titus, wherein political duties are enjoined rogative of absolute power. Nations were regard- Aiid now the State of South Carolina having resum- Stales may of right do.and in an under-breath lie sketches for you the tbe re$t " Put them ia mind to beaiacnS : subjected as made for kings, and not kings for the na- e j her separate auu equal place aiuong nations, deemslife and character of the composer. Sad dogs some to principalities and powers to ;tions. It was the saturnalia of royalty, amidst the Aoierics, and to the nations of the world, that sheobey magistrates."of those old painters were, and riotous lives they So likewise, in the Epistle to the Ramans, wherein groanings of the populace. But when the im- should ucciare the immediate causes which have ledprisonedsoulburstsitsshackles,andh'jrledthem totiii.sact.led. There was Fba Fillippo Lippi, for instance, God's will reveals itself in the mighty sweep of at ita oppressor in the Vatican, proclaiming freedom In the year I76S, that portion of the British Empirea graceless scamp, whose patrons* sometimes Kis eternal purpose towards mankind, our subjec- in religion, therealso, a protestantism in embracing Great Britain undertook to make laws forHon. PiEBBX SotJli publishes in the New.Or- eracy, aijd ijo compronii^e that a Republican coulAinsurethe progress ofaLet eve'y soul t>e subject unto tbe higher powers. 'hilosophy, publisliedunder the tuition of Locke, whocompromiseat the NorUi as It utu&t havethem in the market-place, he bestowedThat the distracted condition of the presentupon gudgeons in lieu of a golden diadem, which pleas- ant freak of fancy would have been his last could tiie inhabitants of Perugia have laid hold up- onhim. Ourcompanionpointsoutto usthatthe. colon, of these loose artists are no more pure than their morals, and in this we find another of the linked analogies of life. Unless the ai'polloi dolor Itself a Constltu-country the complexion so full of meaning and siguificancythbsaint a coronet oftiuD, and officers for the administration of appolnied—frompoor-force a quairel if It can be helped, anderal hartBOLy of actionthat noA SIGNIFICANT GATHERING.SOCIAL BEI7NIUM Or THB PBOPLB'S PABTT AT PSEL- ADBLPBIA—LETTBB VBOK BOB. lOMX BQBB-HAII.them through pleasant paths. MISCELLANEOUS.tion was carried on, ard on the 3d of Septem'jer, with each other'', which have sunk iu desolation andTbeco Tbe second toast was presided.:duces a good story will be equally successful with a continued effort. Many a one who tells a good anecdote would be sadly puzzled to eke out an|term." The powers, that be are ordained of God," authority but the caprice of self-will, and in theelfecieo;Hon. JoBB HioxMAs responded, thanklog thoseat tlie end of a three-mile heat, if,indeed, Ve arein 1$Mof tbe Sooih r For one. he said " No !"she didnot failon the way.Thus were established the two great principles as-petual decree. Hence, the Apostle, in the text, gant claims on either side, came into collision. serted by the Colonies, namely, the right of a State 7b Ihr Legiilatwe o/tke Stale 0/ Louisianathor of 7^published by Walkzb, Wisi * Co., Boston. We remember The the Red Chessmen as aHe with the establishment of these principles, was the tous crifis, I teel it due to you. as well as myself, to was a Irlend of the Coustltuttoa, aud would suaverylife. Theunder that Consti-Quera 0}Chessmen,because self-will, or some trausient or grievance,fancied hardship, prompts to sedition snd rebellion.British Constitution, and a constitutional monarch presided over the destinies of the British empire. The Constitution became tbe principality and theMaHtUy—so good, in fact, that it was very gener-alty attributed te the samethe king, the chief magistrate. Submission to the Constitution was the duty alikeIn 17(!7, DepuJes were appointed by the States to revise tbe aruc^ei of ConfeuerAtion, and on 17 th Sep-supportof^ thesehim upin orderpainting.sprang,politics. At length it assumed the dignity of athe Government of that portion composed of the tiiir- tieu Aii erican Colonies. A struggle for the right of self-guvemment ensued, which resulted, on the 4th1' aiis Bcc a card defining his position as a co-opera- ijiecandidatefortheStateConvention. HedeclaresStates as well as with individuals. He denies theandti^ht of coercion claims that as soon as the com-pact ceases to be re.-pected the bond of Union is bro-offer would sTainiachance nf acceptance with tbem.weretoOn these occasions be was wont to tear sheets in-to strips, and make his exodus by means of tbe reM^teth tbe power, resl^teth the ordinance of origfnaltfd in a mutual agreement among PXAT Statks andobliged toloolction to civil government is duly enjoined '':Noried slltutloi 111full of mad pranks and vagaries. It is charged in vain:of the of the PersonalEntertaimncnt. And many aspirited little pony that dashes off a mile at mar- toleration, as He permits evil in the worldArtManvelous speed would come in lame and exhaustediKXKiii ABU ll<i>ir>.*<Pi,'<I SiATissome timau and It shouJd be met manfully. We an agam askedNights'cers notbybispermissivewill,bywayofmere1cert with measuies as may them>^uchtending to avert a blow that must ooowas the It would have been well had theof the king and subject;parentagesduption States, Union,Briefly, then, believe,out of the Lnion,get out of it. [Applause.] In addiUon to the sympa-we have a traitor Preal-praise of the typographical merit of this edition ;must be pardoned for expressing the wish thattbe "illustrations by Dablit" were a little mora ziiii ) And this distinction bfraqaent. The frontispieces are all excellent;and that where no aiblterls provided, each party is remitted tohlsowu jui'gment to determine the fact of failure, with all Itsdone ro wrong, and hasno to make, no apologiesfewbooks would not at all detract from the series.;tiut fact is estiliUsbsA ir!lb IHe then refera to toe condlUoaengravings slipped throughIn rei7 neat form for a holiday gift, Tick-theory denominated " tbe sov- was of the acoi,ceasii i,s to offer.of New-Mexico, which popula-,mano of the Souto, andrepealed^!izing the sprig in an attempt to raise a tree. The subject to principalities and powers, and to obey :;that tsisfeelinga Cabinet, dent, corrupttheaie ordatned of God. Whosoever, thei^efore, pact." According to this philosopher, societyFor itiere is no power ut of GodtheoryJuly, 1776, In a Deciaration, bytfat be is no sub nissionistwindow, spending the first days of surrepticiously God ; and they that resist shall receive to individuals magistrates derived their powers ;freedom in a way which scandalized themselvpg damnation. For rulers are not a terror from Ihe gift and appointment of the people;they have full power to levy war, couclude peace, contract alliances, establish commerce, and to do allnolntapurchasedeven the easy virtue of Naples. And then we not afraid of the power T Do that which is good, and giancehave that notable wag.BcoNAMico Di Cristofano, thou br>a)t have praise of the sairie For he is tbe and selfish safetyto good noms, hut to the evil. Wilt thou then be mJDister ofGoo to thee for good. Hut if thou do th.ttto return to fugitive slaves will receive some arrangeaient. A>. suracces will be allied for. that the Nort^ will notInterterr lu the internal sffairs of the South. Toe policy of the Reoublir.ans hers has been one of mol-more coBomonly known as Buffalmacco, who wasof their master, and enacted theuallv upon tbi.« very thing. Render therefore to all scenes of political tragedy with which the awfulfor he bearctti not the sw )rd for he is the minister t^f God, a revenger to execute wrath him that doelh evil. Wherefore,which is evil, be Hfraidaand majorities were supreme while minorities werefor wulch it was established,need ofvine institution over mankindis a di-world—ii. ail lu £x-of the late Presidential canvass the attitude,the cea-argument,that civilgovernment;departments Legislauve, ecuilve and Judicial, ir'oi purposes of deteace theytoo of of —oa lais a minister of Godphilosophyplace united their;and.In1776,personallyholding his interventionknd thepopulardemand of the right ofself-gov-pioprietyLITIUI rnOH SENATOB BENJAUUT. Wasuisotoh, Dec. 6, 18C0,:;the peo-eration andwish of reasonable men: snd theSouthern members of the Union Committee are said to be reasoiiat>le men. If theuponyou must needs be subject not only for wrath, but forpowerless. This theory of the social compact took thehim that he once painted a young bear, in-stead of tbe baby Jesus, in the arms of the Madon- conscience' sake. For, for this cause pay ye tribute root in France, where pupils of Locke outransubverted the Government and the most destroyeduponna. Andwearetoldthattorevengehimselfofthe citizens of Perugia for their impatient curiosity when he was painting their protecting saint forto have t>ecome destructive of these ends, thev de-clared that the Colonics " are absolved from all alle- pow erful party ev er organized. He addsrepealalfo thepreceptsbloodyThese are, however, the men who now con- urgethe ex-for they are God's mfniste's at^endfnf^ coatin-to the Biltlsb Crown, and that allnection between them ana the State of Great Britain pediency separate action part tae States, a matter on which It would be a mistake to q'larreL;ttielr duesto whom cu£tom ziii., 1-8.)giaixemendMbyalarge majorityof toe aa Repub icaiu,;:Indeed it has atreadv been recommended bothtributetocustom of the French revolution has made us fa- historyism. Bald and haggard, it had no spiritual beau-from the outward denying intuitive ideas, and dignifying the senses as the only channels of trutli,is, aid ought to be, touUyin pursuance of this ueclaratlon of Independence, Louisiana, of herseif, and without seeking concert the House and the Commiitee. I do not know poatl^-It is evident, from this Holy Scripture, withoutallty. Deriving Ki,owleilgeseparate sovereignty;adopted—perhaps precipitate, a majority the Southern Statesbutpracticalin society. As a corollary in civil government, itwill not be because Mr. J abves does not succeed stract and fundamental principles which we call being endowed with no Divine vicegerency, butobedience is made to rest on"Godrevolution,;;that it Is hisopinionthatanienomeut Itisthe powers that bethethey are. and of right ought to tie, pass a«i> iNDXesir- resistance to actual wrong is a paramount duty with nessee cvd Vtratnia that tkis measure is proposed.that tiie magistr.ite and that submission ton very great spi;the rxifeis so hurridly 01 ought about by the wiiy ma- neuvers and tbe rcckesa ofsupposei onscience, becauserules over the nation, in the tively atheistic,nega- atheismItheformot acoa- for Maryland arid Ten'single personstiling;oiilyrightwiljliifinessto accede toany rcasoaahla;revolution was notwhom tribute is duehonor to whom honor." (Rom. miliar. The philosophy of LocEE was material-that miserableleft no;tbe moimtaiu,saylagder the laws tharecf Into escapinspoBiTioH orHon. C. H. CossAS, Secretary of War under Pna-be a pecnbar treasure unto me. above all people;forall tbe earth is mine, and shall be a aloitdain of yeah ut the altemattm that was toftcu for sympathy for ibe Italian, bat so nelD me QaLpriests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou Shalt speak unto the children of IirseL And Moacs came and called for the eldera of the peo- ple, and laAMielore their faces all these words which the LordThey werecalMBo that the theocracy was electivements of the North, and the self-wiiiedcomplied with the stlpulaUon made In the Constitution. Thetatanaa- lottrioapk/Honnost.it was alleged gave theocracyxix, 9.) And, on the other hand, wnen the Jewish nation, in themany of these States toe fualtlvetime of revolted Samuel,against the direct politi-shaking" cal government of Jehovah athe against organicState ofconfoi » early day, passed a;no humanof these United States, under theconsent, by divine righton the othergovernment,whii'ehand, since Jehovah demanded the assent of thethehappiness,it follows that the(eo called) is all exhausted in the simple exerciseGod. Revolution is not justifi^le, in ex- The ends lor which this ConqjUlutlOB was framedtheocracy,of electing its rulers. The Governmenttreme where " except and are declaied by itsell to be " to form a more oppression. OiJy life, libertythe pursuit of happiness" are positively hindered, uniondoes our American Declaration ofand the people are at once made " subject under the powersof" the ministers of God to them for good."ordering;declared" form of Government becomes de^trucUve of the endsofernment." the Government of Great Britam Deeming;—demanding kingunholy«« afDeciy.esa-but vindicated His bat sov- unaeeu, real,tbe individual Sute, the Word of God inScripture, and the teaching ef the Episcopal of Congress. In the State of New-Yorkpresenceereignty, in every subsequent vicissitude of their colltical fortune. (See Kings and Chronicles.) Wherefore, inasmuch as Jehovah himself abdi- cated tbe visible throne at tbe voica of theHolyclaim crown, popular;;ai, Treasury iawilbout meana either t> defend subjection to the Constitution and obedience These ends It endeavored to accoiqpllsh by a Fed- tbe frontier, or meet ordinary expenses of govera-of "the Soci'U Com-" Colomes, thatyetaepessionistslble that sucu a cause as theirsTEXAS. PBOCLAMATION Or The AuatlBf Texas) Staubecomes,in,general welfare, and secure the emergency ourselves and our posterity."right but a lawit is theple to alter or at>olish it, and to institu .e a ne at Gov-ande:ichStattj^asrecagnlzed as an equal, and had separate control over Its ownscience can foresee and no wisdom canThis view [of the character and authority of repair.rlghra;tra Sesaion at the In the Capitol,of thatbeing many, are onenothingobligationof submission and of obedience to authorities of the State. It ele-thing to do in the exigency ofDaUf Advertiser.my last letter I said that the only real point fm.sum," in the bodysuffer,all the memberssuffer with it ;the eeual of the States will be rights;policy, hostile to the South, and destructive of its peace and aafety.On the 4th of March' next, this will take party pos-session of the Government. It has announced that;theIt appeals to tbe conscience,treasonand lite,libertyandhappinesstothenation. Thereis,therefore, but onethe Republic. That thing is, for the magistrate have assumed the ofjudgment, vindicatingduty;and around the civilfi'ings govom-with ethicsment of a nation the eacrednesa of the Divine presence and the presence of Almighty God.This is the religious aspect of civil government.Thlagsshall soon hare their decision.But there is, furthermore, the ChristianAnd this is embraced in the words of the Lord; fancied, grievances tosilence and just complaints,tive slaves to a Cou^ml tee of fire from theStates, took up toe cunsloerailon of what the South- em men call their uldmatum. This coaslsu of thefoothold in this country, our authormight with moie propriety have expressed sur- is published by Phinnet, Blaeeuan & Co.prise that it has found a foothold at all. To make the hearts of children merry, given unto me, in Heaven and in earth," (Matt, prayer to servile insurrecilon.permanentto reconstruct national intercourse into a moreper-Jesus Christ after his resurrection "and those whoman would like a Umb cut off. And perish,Sectional interest and animosity will deaaen the ir-fTone,as ihe individual man is the product of society in the family, so the true and natural developmeirt' of a man is in society, of which the Christian nationandman's terrestrial life and happiness.'peopletf the mtTTinrt-rfis the divineIn opposition to this divine idea of the nation, iseyecannotsaygreat-knows anything, knows that the prooosltion of saak am;;power tual love and for one another, among the have been incited by emissaries, books and pictures, rtenactrH*nt of tke Mmtouri Compromise as mncapacityrcfiues mtftking Isasaspect.propertyThey have encouraged and assisted thousands of ourBorder" ffllow-citizensof^ournation. Byconfessingandto which reference is made in the above par.igraph, 40th volumes of Merry's Museum, which very com- of Kings and Lord of Lords." Wherefore, the united again in heart, and be a model among tbe ly increasmg, uatii it has now secured to its aid the so South of that Hue HIavery should t>e aeknowi-Mr. Jaktes draws one wrong inference, however. mendable sheet is edited by Messrs. Bobkht MebbtHe fancies that bis book will not at all touch the and EiBAU Hatchet. the Lord Jetus Christ, as the token of the popular heart, and that its circulation wUl be con- Unless the pocketed and pinafored element Christian civilization to which nations should attain fined to tbe circle of critics. Here he makes a of society some day get together and build a castle nmler the dispensation of the Gospel. As in thekingdoms of the world. But disloyal to Him, we of the a Observlug the active forms Constitution, sectional paity hasToundmodest mistake. Had he written a work filled for Grace Greenwood, they will be very derelict life is and tbe nation is an organic,highthe United States whose opinions and purposes arewhen Mr. CaimsDxaproposed It, a direct lasolt (•organic body. with dry details, and studded with technicalities of duty. The good lady seems never to weary in Jesus Christ is Ihe head, from which the btxiy de-it her seLfimposed task of for their instruction rives its life, its nourishment, and its growth. The caringU short of the ho^tlle to Slavery. He Is to be Intrusted with the the North. It nothing calUngoa R^incomprehensibleto nine tenths of theStates,Constitution. But destroy the Union, we are administration of the common Government, t>eoau8e publican Party in swallow every profession of prfa- dead. And the ruins of the noblest temple that he has declared that that "Government cannot en- ciple they ever uttered, and to degrade toe aValapeople,would probably have been praised by a few, read and amusement. By Bonnie Scotland she forges constitution of a nation makes it an unit, and or-wisdom, guided and God^ dure permanently half slave, half free," and that the struggle to a mere contest for office. No real Repnh-authority of civil government, which in the Bible is ascribed to God, is lodged in the person ofpower of the common Government. the edged, protected, and perpetuated, U necessary, hfreligious aspect, so in the Christian aspect, nationalblessingofganizes its members into a corporation. Han ispoliticalWord, has ever reared around the altars of Libertymindin the course of ultltnato extinction.llcan wotild ever consent to listen to It.highera reproach and a busing, and a by-word among the nations.ment, the means of subverting the Constitution itself. Uidted States, but also in all that may oe acqnirad A geographical line has been drawn across the Union, hereafter.andall the States noitta of that line have united in the To this it is of eottrse impossMs for tlu RrpuUiesm* elecUon of a man to the office of President of to agree. To offer it, is, as was said byyou—them, in the body as it has pleased him, that there should be no schism, nor much less " srces-but that the members shouldhave the same care one for and becoming set in the tree of political lifebeing.DECLARATION OF IMMEDIATE CAUSESWHICB IKDUCE AND JCSTIVT TBB SXCESSIOB OP ritation, and all hope of remedy Is rendereovsin, t^^Let any one ^ance at the map. aad ha will aee that the territory low open souUviof M* W^oaslsts of a district reserved for Indian aad caled the ladlaa Territory, aad another, strrtahlag from Texas to Csl-One would turn instinctively from the author whoset himself up as an autocrat, and pronounced dic-tatorially upon Art, but this Mr. Jabvis does notdo. He places himself by the side of the reader as ascholar, and invites company in his studies. It islike taking the arm of a chatty connoissear and Tbe Chri!>tian religion prescribes the duties of the theory of tbe Social Compact. When the served rlihts of the States fully justified thli State In heretofore existing between thia State and the other WisTxx Davis comes forward thai with the last !•- lounging familiarly through a representative gal- men in all the relations of human life. When St. rulers in the Church and the rulers in the State their withdrawal from the feaera' Union ; but in St.tesof North America, Is dfasolved, and that th« sort. With a boldness and a ri^r that st.unjihla aaPEATXO VS TBISITT CHAPBL, SDNDAT BTSf-eODIH CABOLIVA PBOH THB PEDEBAL DHIOIT.tbe fact that public optnton at ttia North has Investeda great poUdeal error with the sanctions of a more Ifomia, called New-Mexico. Under any dream-ING, DEC. 30, I860.Pat tbem la mind to be lubjact to principalitiesThe of the State of peopleforperverted the Scripture, by confounding the dis- she forbore ut that time to exer- " " Slaveholdlng States,tinction between the powers and the persons in cise this right. Smce that time these eucroachmenisorganismhighest exponent,declared that the violations of the frequeut;arms and their counselsfor spiritual facts, ana utterly Ignored tbey entered Icito a League known as the Articles ofaspirations unprincipled est^lished Governments and obedience to magis- the rule and presence of God in the world. It Confederation, whereby tbey agreed to intrust the poildcians have placed tbe South in the uniroidabie;trates,isareligiousobligation. Thedutyofcivilprofessed respect for tbe second table: of the law,—auminlsliatlon of their exterual relations to a common oilenmia of abject submission or open resistance. Isputsight.thethat eachthe nrst table out ofIt wasagent, known as me Congress of the United States,but too obvious.Havmg, theiefore, to choose between ignominy orand worked outeipressly oeclarmg,firttarticle,I am for revoiudon !—but not for an iocon- slcerate aijd disneveled revolution, like that wtiich soeiice, and every power, jurisdiction aad right whichnot take up the very study of the Art, it assuredly "powers and principalities ;" that is, in those ab- decried capital punishment because the magistrate, Is nut, by thU Coafeueratlou, expressly delegated to ndseiably traustoinied the great and pjteat empiie On Friday evealig come promlneat memben of AtIn investing the pursuit with a charm by leading a Constitu tion, and in the laws of the nationa had no ; and, u;eiely fellow-citizen,over thethe United Slates in Cougrei>8 assembieo." once possessed by Spam on this continent, into those People's Party of Peimsylvania bad a social reunioa Under this Coniederation the War of the Revolu- innumerable p^ity sovereignties coustantly at war at Sansom-street Hall, In Philadelphia. Cbaxass B.authorityby his ministers, the magistrates of the nation life 01 man. And yet, with singular inconsistency, 1783, tbe contest ended, and a definite Treaty was ruin the brlglil«st spot on wriich the sun of Clod ever" "Theword ordained expressesadefinite,'specificit gave scope to tbe political to legalize passionssigned by Great Britain, in which she acknowledged the Independence of the Colouias in the following terms:shed lis light.Tax UsioR Ann tbs CossnTonon—Mcmoments ofLouisiana in concert andIt by no means follows that the author who prp- specially insiituted. Commentators do not dif- culcate the rights of man, yet admitted no Divinity, "AxTicLi 1. His Britannic Msjaity acknowledges and decide bow the contemplated is to t>e Music—" Tb- Star Spangled Bannsr."A magazinlst may be a very bad noveUst.something deliberately planned andkeepingai'i'Ointmentsignifies that God governs the nation, inits Constitution and laws, and its offi- — bybut realmotives of self-interest. Change and revolutionwere its rule. and for con- Subjection obedience,science sake, had no place in its ethics. God and conscience were obliterated.;Itprofessedto in-fer in this meaning to the assigningtherefore, no In its composition. It had no charity,the raid United states, viz.: New-Hampshire, Massa- chusetu Bay, Rhode Island and Providence Planta- tions, Connecticut, New-York, New-Jersey, Penn- sylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virglida, North Caro- ima. South Carolina a*id Georgia, to be Fail, sov-that he treats with and, for himself, his heirs and succes-whoaahe addressed lor him an togiving opportunity expreaahisdevotiontotheUnionandtheConstiratioa. He adverted to the compromise of foraer years as oalynor nor by with- but by His positive ordi- nance, by His constant presence, and by His per-them as such;averi, the mate future.palliate, which I see ahead 01 us lu ainvirtiieof tbe will of the peopleof the same andlor further coropromlso.—;" ernment," with many inconsistencies and extrava-and territorial part thereof."rightsevery;"rellngubihes all calms to thesors, goverumeat,dangersmurder for political opini<^ins.It was seemingtinioaseparationand, when effected, on what principles a new Confederacy should be organized and iostituted. In other wolds, I am in favor of the State Conven-if not proxi-philanthropy,cruelty.The Tioary dogma of thedivine right of kings,'Are we wUttac t» reetora the Missouri Compromise passed In vm, at tha d^the demandCApplauseJend! for which it was instituted. And concurrent counsel with my fellow-eltizeai in this momen- wfearlessly, and s opposed to compromise.:moved to these remarks by glancing through commands a Bishop in the Church "to put men These two opponent systems battled for years in to govciu Itself; ai,d the right of a people to abolish Having reen imexpecledly prevented from return- favor such a omprumlse. [Great applau<e.] He ti»e pages of Struggle for Ltfe, written by the au- in mind.to be.subject to civil|govenunent ;" because Europe. There edfemed to be no point of coales- a Government when it becomes destructive of the ing to the State untii it Is now too lata to join In was In favor of meeting the Issue manfully,ihtRed and menarepronetoforgettheirci«ilobligations;and cence, until the English revolution perfected theQueen ofvery good story, which appeared In ihe Atlantic "•'>'axx,by a regard to the properHe distinguishes magistratespowers andDUtKoni Lens.author reposed on this one laurel, without jeopard- be " obedient." " Put them in mind to be — exception,of revolution was ultima ratioas tte Constitution of theUmied States/ "^1"rhai the feeling of a very large number, (if not aSouth Carolina I1 rotthy ot certain Siate,-. he saW,from;" because those are the abstract sovereign power—of her I people.On the lon, he would say that ifion,of SouthCarolina disua-principalities"security[Applause.]principles embodied in the Constitution and lawsand these are executors of the law. Hence, tothe Constitution and laws of the* State we magistrate was the token of the loyalty of the" 'The must be subject ;" to the magistrates we must people. right—Tae to whom this Cosstltutlon was submit- partiesof the to our interestsof the Is people North.;book which is the result of this ambition does not magistrates." In short, he inculcates allegiance to the will of God, as embodied in the Constitution compact was to t^ke effect among those cuaouriing ; I;lic'us of Ihe Noith would even then rise in theirwhich will warn the fiuther.minister," not "the servantpeople." "And,true not rebels. In resisting the Cabinet, tbe States did not accede to the Constitution imtll hostile interference by them with our Institutions.eral ever organized by man-Among the speakers who followed wereThe edition of Coopib'sThey" subject" the functfons of an independent nauou. mains of our permitted to live In peace aadpiobablethat verymanyenthusiasticadmirers ofSuch are the politics of St Paul. Civil govern- tional liberty, our fathers established the Govern- pelled their continued existence as sovereign States. ance of all coimectlon with a Govemment which has not only by thoee who permllt treason, but by thoseCaoPU have never lead this novel it is ;tfastby is in-viz" domestu: tranquility aad lusurlngpro-who commit It. actoallysagacious reader from goingof thetherefore, ye must needs be subject"—necessity isloyalists,they contended for the supremacy of the Consti- long after It had gone Into operation among the other2. That no just reason exists for hoping for sayHon. W. B. Mabb, Gen. W. F. Shall, Han. Chas. G.Lrof, aadmany have never even heard of it.appointmentUnited States by the CuniiUtution, nor prohibited by ittbey havepeople, whose agenu they are,very"Our father s acted on this principle in the Amera personal responsi- bility for what they erroneously believe to bo a sia,conclusion,possible^Divine The mode of authority.effect,moting general welfare."and compliance. And he further bases these du- of the British nation. ,strengih In apt lause]— sac- struggle lor life long before ha reaches its end. thee, but " to thee for good." God gives authority the British Empire, in antagonism to a hiithless were separate, sovereign States, Independent of any with us, members of a common Government, and that ion, for If tbey did not, then he despaired of theThere is a wonderful suggestiveness about the title to -he civil magistrate, not man. He is " God's roinistryiV The patriots of our Revolution were tbe of the provisions of the Constitution. In fact, two of the Union itself Is thus made the principal cause of cess of toe Govemaent, one of the best and ibost lib-open very brilliantly, and the reader will beapt to consider that he is indeed engaged In atheSou'h thatthisconvictionof ;he totbe appealed"laid upon you— not only for wrath" from tear ofand durmg that Interval, they each exercisedchange in the Northern feeling, and bo prospect re-ment is a Divine institution, and is administeredmentof these United States. Tbe Federal Con- stitution is the type and (he organic instrument ofBat, to leiflDve aU doubt, an ameodment was added,which declared that the not to the p<jwers delegatedlueil become an obstacle to what itwas to designed" They kill tha Government sworn to —t'-**^ and defsnd, because tkahave condemBadTo SaiaBABreviewedreoaat prove this, .Mr.—He is the[Great firm la manly dignity aud vator uf ttw North to standdiflerent. It may be by electionand the vailed within the circuit of the despotic rule of tbe eration was an abortive experiment of the Com- nance assenting to this Constitution, and afterwards structlng a Governmentwhose memories linger with thePilM wtn scarcely recognize their author here.Bad ita first publication preened that of eitherof tiie volumes which we have named, the chancesare that it would have made a reputation for the tivR of the Government is " of God." St. Paul ever, eml>almed:does not say the persons that be. but the " Republic. That author i,aulMequeDtly, however, it could add noth- powers"SpyRoman Yet " the that be are or- Empire. powersThe President Uatsas te, and la controlled bfIory of the Social Compact has been tried and con-loyalty conscience' sake." The mode demned. It has produced imbecility, anarchy States, a Government, with .defined objects audhe should be tbe lawa a«alast rebelUous enlorclngblue of the Leather-stocking stories Its ineffectual Romans. "The Apostle refers," " not to tructive in its " says he,upon byno ruler but of Godwe bt4it is the he is too horrid in its thing speaks ghastly imitations of life, itgri- tfdrd fundamental principle, namelyfor utter ImbedUty."j|ereignty whichmtion to be admitted as a State,and to Dacotah, waah-f(Homily,obligationigivetertain the remotest hope that wide-spread rule, ds- gradatioD snd dishonor wUl not Inevitably result from tame svlmiisslon to the rule which our enemies pro- pose to laaagurate.avers 'hat bo are ordained of God."Is mutuala material part of the agreement, entirely re- above suggested, we must be blind Indeed If we en- ssys, no occasiun fOr it The Republxan Party has:;be the national it may bymagistrateto the State s, are reserved 10 tbe S'.stes rei<pectively,4. That to effect this purpose, leparmUstate metianjlover of liberty and law. Demai^oguesnow and then thea ing the fallacy in that theory o' civil government periment. I was wrong when 1 said these couater- peiformas evinc-the bodies of the which is known as " the divine right of kings," feils of lil erty are past. For ^ since thai sentence leases the obligation of the otherimportantgionists attemptrevoltingand thatopponent%\f) pij^lf S'^n Uf the illustration, in thf pendent, who,have the pntor at theh"events. Besays:called, pronounced with a|ipUaae these woru " Mea need govemmeata of leslralaL onlv as:atfbyaayaarvlee, aad)oiBlaa«raaorUea that caThe ConrttuUon of the and Intellectaal, he needs no government For Ood Article, provides as follawsthey ot'sef the value of such athey are deserving of denudation, as condition In the Ordiaanoe lor the goverameatcipalitypower,"" ordained ofGod," securingvV'e affirm that the^e ends for which this Govern-adoeated and strong la Ms whole aatun, moral exigen-are offensive for their To a arrogance.TheFederal Constitution are one nation, organic, cor-revolution. In no otherto the magistrate superseded by any higher eral Government, In whichblessingstberty tojustifyislaw of obedience to God. ToHousroa, Governor of tha Texaa, for the reasons herein set forth. 4e hereby issue this, my Proclamatiua, theceases to t)e a virtue.peace,this to commit sin, which" fortheConstitutionabidesasour prm- fuctlivesfromlabor.But for the distress there needs forbear-present have perinltted theance, with honest endeavor to redress real, or evennearlyfollows;fectharmonyofconfidencewithpatienceandmu- slavestoleavetheirhomesAll is remain,amendmtni to tks Constauti'm, with the coadill^ From the lack of interest in aesthetic subjects, Messrs. J. K. Stzarks & Co. publish the 39th and xiviii, 18.) He is the only Sovereign, the King obeying Jesus Christ as our Sovereign, we shall be For twenty-five years this agitation has been steadi- that, as Noith of that line there sbohld be freedom,ment of man, shall, in times to be visited come,the suicidal treason of thisgeneration,meanue to tbe Legislatures of las North, tha ilirs slon there and Its ulHmaM tafalllble rejectlaa, wooM do Ave times more harm to the natloa than Us isjaa Hon now.whoexiled tneir offspring to vagrancy and despairwho blasted the of blooming expectationsThis Is then the Issoe, clear and idaln,aad if An South Inslat on that as their ulUatatua, that amst aadSouth Carolina in Convention assembled, on the 2d day of April, A. D.stances the Indians ought to remata uadmorbed, sais thatIt has aState of South Carolina has resumed her posiUon one of tbe strongest mea now In public Ufe. he says: among the nations of the world, as a separate and la- Admit Ntw Mexi<M. Make kcr a State. Use %p thiswith fuU to levy war, con- last source of trouble. Asfir future territory, let U tmiSsand Its encroachmentsileferecc'e to the opinions and wishes of the otherSupreme Judge of the world for the rectitude of our Intentions, have solemnly declared that the Union Slavery.Government,uponthe re-it due to to tne United States of heiEeif, remainingPROCIBKSS OF SECESSION.LOUISIANA.POSITION or HON. PIXBBB S0I7LB.alle-to tke Government was based on interest other acts and things whlca mdependeut States may:society was an aggregation of a conglomerate and not an organicof light do."ken,libertyThey further solemnlyas free andthat, fndependent States,Other mes'is of settiemeut. as to the otherin dispute, will he adoed to whatever will be agreedIn tills Territorialupon matter. The qaesti'm ofeach ut the thirteen Sti'.es proceeded to exercise itswith other States, into tbe vortex of revolution!!Jively what the posttioD uf New-England on all these questions has t>een, but certainly they do not wtstataguverLmentthe Republican side, itinState letams its eoverelgntv, freedom and Inoepeod-that whenever anyLeaving out;the Pouth shall be excluded from thetory, that the Judicial tribunal shall bsmade sectional,and that a war must be waged against Slavery until Itshall cease throughout the United States. tbe matter, for Repubhcans cannot and will aat—them wby thecity of Austin, aa Ucnday, tha 21st day of January, A. D. 16«1.law•reo on claim of the up,oonseqaeaeeofsoywhich obll-and the laws of the General Govenunent was for byexample of the coalescence of extremes in sachusetu, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York, acdng separately. He beKged all to lav 'fanaticism, that these Puritan abolitianist senti-Pennsylvania. Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, WIscontin dlstinctlous. and the differences no tnd Iowa have enacted laws which eltner nullify the political strupgles In this ooamaa"doctrines of the South, aregrounded In the same vicious philosophy, producingthe same fruits of sedition and rebellion, ana In none of them has the SUte Governmenthostility Constitution of the nation. For the law of our Union represses the vagaries of selfiehnese. Whether it be the individual man, oreven theevery citizen as the pious obligation on the con- by her tribonali; and tbe SUtes of Ohio and ahoiild be convened In extra aessloathem tbe to by giving rightment was Instituted have been and the defeated,by 'VlrgUila,Magistrate selected the ««iabUeaaNew-Jersey, at an law Intains tbe annexed document:• mity 1th her constitutional obligation butthe current of Anti-Slavery feeling has lea her morewhich render inoperatlva theemment and many of tbe^tates, aad a porUoa of tha land, unite in enjoining loyalty on right of transit for a slave has keen deniel people hsvUg expressed a daalra that the Legtalataiarecentlyremedies provided by her own laws and tiy the lawsIhe qaSSm peaoe,Interest, Mcntlir aedoa of the whole ne». and bound in conscience to obedience. Disloyalty consequence follows that South Carolina is released pie mide known In relation to tke course wMek It may be proper aiKl necessary ior Texas, asoae of Ihaporate, divinely established, subjectnation before He visibly assumed the throne of to the Constitution is, therefore, impiety toward from her obligation.toestablishUty, provide for the common defence, promote thejustice.Insure domestictraaqail- is now invaded;ety of our domestic instimtlonsrightsof property established In fifteen of the Statessnd recognized by tbe Constitution then.Uon,notmced as sinful the; institution of Slaveryot the Federalshall be scattered and peeled, a dismembered body, within that article establishing the Executire Depart- not only la all territory now belonging u thaThanks be to the long-suffering andour God, we have lived and prospered as fellow- citizens of the United under a Nationalinspired bysnd Law, for the protection and for the develop- This sectional combination for tbe subversion of the than this. The proposition to leave the torrtto^tonger existlost. The Slaveholdlng States will no longer have the power of 6elf-g<^>ernment. or self- protection, and the Federal Government will have become their enemy.wllltaf;thedelegates, in Convention assembled, appeaUng to theaud that the associates are attiieir Indi'.iJual and separate existence.of consideration the causes which have led to the pre- sent dilhcuitles, he says ihit ii is not safe to leave the management of aflairs in the present crisis to those who with ail the Icoerai at their:polincal of on the of dissolved." and who advocate ui-eiily the policy ot precipitatingLibertyLaws isasked.It willprobablybe recoos*fact, that each Colony became and was recognized by make public declaration of^ my opinions as to the^ tain it and on thishe would say. mil- not one cent for tribute.the mother country PftSDBHT STATS.as asovaaxi&x and imds-ccuise of action demandedhonor of Louisiana and thealMtaln from offering any reason tooplidons, hoping soon to be able to address you Inever,lions for delence. butpointsubjetchtat State Is out of the Un- then there la no Sute la the Union, and, by tha while obedience to tbe tember, 1o7f67,thethese Deptuhtei.eAsrtircelecsoomfmended, kfonrotwhne person, if anIy vindication of them be required. blessing of God. It wlU »<oa be subeiaaaUnadtocd«atnhoatutterlythis right was founded not in self-will, but in duty a^ree or ulsa^ree. and when nine of them agi«ed, the Into tbe present generation from its Infancy that ft Is toelr back he fully believed that the mighty md-thenot the ruleofliberty. Andted were the several sorereign States ; theywers tomsjorrty,)and even with the at armyjfounced on the mistaken belief that the people of the and the General Government, as tbe common agent, North are responsible for the exiatence of Slavery lathentot-einvestedwiththeirwas authority.yetsod save the Conatltutton and the Unioa.ties of loyalty on the ground of piety.minister of God to thee"— not of thee, nor from lean Revolution, maintaining the C'.^nstitution of the other four would .hare remamed as they toea springs chlefij from the cofudderaiion that they are, the present cooteet for the Constttutton and tbe Un-iIf only lUneof Uie thirteen States hadcoscurred,tution (rf the British nation. were " eleven" beingnovels in course of punishment from the sword uf tbe magistrate— unto principalitiea and powers for conscience By this Constitution, certain duties wan Imposed security within the Union.ceivae the addition of Tht Two Admirals. It is an obligation of piety. ing "magistrates." On the principle of constitm- their powers was restraii.ed, which neoessarlly Im- tostlnct of self-preservation, demands a prompt sever- charged that toe Govemmeat was now adminlstoradothers.publication by Messrs. W. A. Townse«d & Co. re- " but for conscience' sake," as a teligious duty, as sake, whUe oenouiicin/ the necessity of disobey- upi>n the several States, aac the exercise of oertala of 3 That, therefore, the Interest of tbe South, the very A letter was read from Hoa. Joan Sbixkas. BaInpointofinterestitlagsfarbehindanyofthe sword.AtthetimewhentheNewTestamentwastutionis"then.iuisterofGodtothee,"tome,to ortothepeople.Oninc23dMay,1788,SouthCaro- itwrnio<»ruefar).Thatallattemptsatconcerted Damons " Leather-stocking Tales," and those written, every sort of municipal government pre- all our countrymen " for good." The old " Confed- lina, by a Conventiuu of her people, passed an ordi- aclton sheuld be conserved for the work of recon them.;Concertofactloaof States. It residted in imbecility. The the- altered her own Constitution to coiJorm herself to numerous independent States is tbe result of loaj; andainoagstpact the obligations she had unSertakeo. patient efforts to reconcile dtversent toteresta and threats. He theorises about coereng a State wnsadained of God," was a truth alike of all, exactingthe same for " Thus was established, liy compact between the harmonize confUctlDg oplaiotts. The emergenoy doisof apptiinl-mtni is indifferentbut the admxnistra-andwoe. Itsto submit to the degradationofLinoouithe to make powercolB money, and regulate;principieofexpressseeingpeace-treaOes,we will probably naveepeople." It is real distinction, of words of a noted Abolitionist and boastful Inde- consequences.tasa alreadv auSclaatpenned,newspaper*reportednttheUntitled Docuindiviiiualliberty is, how- pow- ersjiiulted to the woids cf the grant. Ttiisllml-not admit of this delay, unless the South is prepared citixens. He adoilta that the siatee have sttrreaderedin the fact of a consolidated free,w mass of as its President as well as toat of tatJOD left the bole remaining power subject fully Inauguratedcommerce, andyetof a promiscuous conglom- to the claiue reserving It to the States or the people, the North. thatbeareordainedofGod."St.Chrysostommarks erationofmen,miscalledsociety,is falseinhis- SLdrenderedunnecesssrvanyspecificationofre- Theopinknsthusharriedlyexpresseding to ue &me heliad already achieved, and in the this distinction hi his homily on tbe Epistle to the tory, faithless in itsprinciples,tablished Is to tbe two asserted subject great principlesfoiced me Intercourse with the accrediteddofor the laws now are suOlcleBt, if executed. Im^eaoa- meat is too slow a The Con-titutioa pro-theoryhave beenweak and self-des- served rights. We hold that the Government thus es- deliberately formed. They have been gradually arsenals, snd sovereignty. (Congress can oothuis,-.sod is among thefin* paled. We have already spoken in terms of persons, but powers He does not say, for there is sies of the past hour. Where it is galvanized into further, that the mode of Its formation sabjects it to a sods to my eonvlctlon of their truth. Indeed, if toe vided against every probable vaeaocy in theoflica aCexecution,andphanta- In the DeclarMlon of Independence we holdday of, and says there is no power but of God. And the maces of freedom, to engage tbe affections of any compact. We maintain that In every compact be- -guished Chief Magistrate so to administer the Oov-and reli- tween two or more the parties,tme;representadvessentiment,remedy.Then, bavins alladad to the frenzy which has eea-::;and hare denied thepar- Tbe Union Committee has discussed this qiiaa-and wepower blddiaghavemajorityfugitivesbe as wUl seenre a frnt adoptedthey have de-Carolina, by ourthatln^intofoiUf open grmsnd;1 am forwith her sister Stales of the South, it were not too emulate their sacilfices to preserve and inalatala much OT the united wisdom of them all, to c^^nsiJer tbem Inviolate.sendfngdisciet-i acdexperieccod commi^ionerstionto commtme witii the other States, and adopt, in con-and eachthe law of faithful and persistent efforts of tke present dlsda- President, but did aot provideof^Northemto a dtaeas- ex- that tbe failure of one of the coatraotlag parties to been rendered fruitless by tke operation of the causes s'oa of tbe proarlety of compronJslng. There Is. haemment as tous within tbe Union have safetyhetrol of the Sou>hein people, proceedshostile has been instilledprrospre-rit,y of oakbeloved State.Res{>ea«raUy, year fisUew-cillzea.FnuoBi, adarested a Sootbem New-Orleaaaafeweveategsainoe. TheBtUlaUm,:"Wk^tas, There has beaa^l aad yet Is, great exaile-aiThe Commit'ee after referring the questloa of fdgl-fafr toIon have arisen.dIfSsrences efinterpositionGovemtaeatvand waereaik steotfiiiirfasiiK af emmtha*. they would could be car- accepttbe and wisdom of our fathers; we will patiiotismHe would suffer hlf arm to be cut off rauier than rightthe novas snd ridiculous farce of a negotiation between the Prerideal aud estate for tha aurraader of forts aad MlatePuhtaa bipn^Pt cat«i;Ave onlytosay,Inccocliulos,tluiIaiavrwea-iPti"-:,KeTadaand Jt£u>«h wUcb an TcrritorUc,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 