 ,! lobiect>and thenare allowed to raise their ratesdeal of wholesome satisfaction.which it was threatened shouldThe "".twKWe hope that eomebedy In the Leglslatare leasly demanded. Ladies wiU not be eoter- vent what U most ta oeear, oallkelyMt#-10BXhavetheboidneestou^l excitement, and led to a hiither, though a weeJc ago, and whioh the letter of Saturday Bailroads and to the general queeUoa of Bail- oauee their Interferes with arrange- mall facilities with thata mmBoUAn • TMr.D( • eomplcto DI«Mtofhumaiiity, aa watt as for strength, toeee of both the financial and thepolittoalorisee.The Democracy not unnaterally wax wrothtidings more impeiiaot atUl wiU soea be i*.fcould not succeed,because theshipsDaringleceiyed. 8h« biinfa, howerer, the furnishingof tha French QoTemment to ila lOnis- gard to the present condition of the traffic.ato take some honestprideand a|;^;TiainandLondon,ofwliichmentionwas Hedevoteshimselftotheproofofaseriesoftheywiif tha Agio?* news."^ The -lapaitant.They ate able and de-propositions, which, U true, affect the national character and tbe future of the laboring classestheir heads," has spent its Atry and its light-nings in clearing the atmosphere around themand in quickening the public feeling to ainforms the CSaidiBk that he itanda readj to sustainEmperorj^^he aball see fit to followthepolicy intheUnitedStates,verymuchtoogravelytocy.itea,—-but that he mast rely upon his enmeir if he decides to take an- Ba thioka that Tuscany should notbe consigned to the category of mere party issues,anddisposedofwiththeordinaryflip-matter. Heretofore thatinflaenoe hi«forFrance andwehaveontheone ;kaodaa eaargetic protest against it on the part ofsuspicions and on the other o fitom Austria that she wilt not op-and because any mode of dealing with them, whether right or wrong, will i>e attended with various and serious difficulties.attack the Cunard steamers with a small boat of his own, and forcibly seize and abduct aspites,batiathevindicationofanimportant"In the councils of the nation which reoeat eveala had thrown into the hands of the United Statea,shecalcnlsled to arouse the>thepeaceofEuropeila measme. The possibilities of trouble Theythen volunteered on be-have determined to come forward aajent of this qaegtion had slightly affected LLandon market; andJtis stated that publicsheboth the honor and the profit ef giilag freedom.—J diseiiases the subject of Free Trade,— four vessels engaged in it gettingreturn of runaway Southern 'slaves. He ehortiy afterwards brought his absur-a alimaxAbolitionist conspiracy being formed in thatParia waa not satisfied. Count ' quiteI ^eeeh, at the operiini;!of the Corpsprosecutedas at present,three out of everypromptiKbit It will not anawer until Protection has tdie way for it, and that the new commer-—toState for tbe violation of the laws oftheVirginia,publishto-day petitionjust We a putIprin-argumentsupportchargesrecognizedstations of trust on grounds so friv-been carefully to this adaptedcondition of the negroes on board the slavedeem had a show of it,io serious other men of againstFintbac than this matters of merely local interestinglentpicture.It will be soon exhibited to tliepob-eaose np for consideration, and themoney.The startling statements are supported bythe war with Great low, rakish black craft"which was to capture tbe Cunard mail steam-atday.nue for presentation to the Presi-allegedundueadvantages,tocompelratiier theobligationsUbody adjourned~t the Senate and the House of Bepresenta- such facts as, that from the Congo River, compete on fair terms, and to shoulder theof theNorthgenerally, •'o'clock in honor of theed Ulla similar in substance, forIthem toof the future than the achievements of the past—Paotek a Cathedral,assistance firom the law asby juriesscheme which thus selectsparticularclass ofwhat they have to do,ofioaale and it Is passengers,like evil dreams, Southerners are no longer called upon to quit;negro passenger;may championwyLhelmownpdifl ttfTieM the territory conquered from Morooco. be piracy thehe should not resort tomeans for itsmayproducelate, and save to America this gua and glory,^tkeJState Senate on Saturday, business of in- tai^ a|ii hnportance was transacted. The billstojniae two millions for the Central Park—done under the American flag,derived a certain revenue collected In tbeforce and invade it. There were few personsgrounds wliich Mr. Dillon laid down for hiswcharge two cents and a half per mile forso much soVirginia, of the United States, who were notin which the formalrliB'fpi the lien of tolls ;ofabonus railroadsin bywiththe Canal in its business, seriously Interiering withinquiries And the stake in theiiipaymentto authorize the Central Boad tonot toState which shall be strong and wise to seiie upon the prize.; aooatiM to vote by proxy—American colors is engaged carryingtoallowmembersofreligioushighest representativesthMr'' njQdings, were17 to 9, the concurrent resolutions to amendsaSrageto aagitots were passed. Ur. limicicRRt intro-infitA abill to fdriush camp equipments to theDesaatU Begiment. Favorable reports were pre-eatediegaroiog the bills to enforce a penally forcompetiiion that it should ;pay-the extendingof tbe traffic, be-Conatitntion by treethe successfulcause the vessels are old sailing ships, and arepassed. Bythe Harper's Fenyinsurrectionthat,short,IKr)^G tbe last duringBishop LoDOHLiK, of Brook-of the Ex-Govemor's pacific disposition towardflowing audience at Cooper Insiitute, his farewellto rely upon the which shoidd be shared all alike, is byrefused to allow the progress of tbe work to be interfered wiUi by purely captiousJ0I0IK08 OVIB THB BBCXHT SPAVISa VlOta- RIIS—STATE or TB> STGAX MABXSI AB» ZXCBAk'GES.; toshapeRailroad, at all solicitous about the credit ofcoileagues, which must otherwise fall to the firstEuropeaaarehalfVirginiaagainstreligions Bbeitya mass of details with re- startlinga cUmax when the medical students reachedRichmond, on their way home from Philadel-phia. Tbslrappearanceledtothedeliveryofa speech, which surpassed for folly and profan-ity anything which baa ever Issued in modemtinesfromthelipsofanymanoccupyingamoredignified official position than the chieftainshipofatrit>eofsavages. Hehailedwithfirantic delighttheresolutionofthestudentstoshake off Northern dust from the soles of their feet, and quit the polluted nest of Philadelphia; and threatened himself to invade the Northoffactiousdiscussion. Weaskatten-Ilie tetograph states that Count Ca- tion to them seriatim, because we are con- bany to Buffalo must first pay his fare,rations.may be sure, rejoice with them, not only in the escape of a noble enterprise already en- deared to the popular heart, from the arena ofserioiulyinterferedwithAasetieaa(to Sardinia, but that Parma andHo- pancy— burse the Railroad Company for the labor andMMto this adTiee, to fol- decliningvinced that the country and the incoming Ad-their incargoes safety. Secondlythat theby formally notifyingiatoeireo-of the North, in favor of tbe McLane Treaty,I eieetiooa were to be held in Central ships of the present day is, If anything, worsecharacter,holdingimportantand we should be to be able to gladof annexation, and the result on the 20th. Spain does not pro-than it was before the trade was declared tohopethatimable to catch slavers if they tried;less—that at no time since theto declare warof civil andFirstconclusion of the Anglo-American treaty has:have been sothe traffic been as actively and successfollyimhappy familiarity into which we have fallen with all hinds and degrees of official incapa- city and dishonesty, that any man of respecta-may yet acqaiis—wrought a corresponding increase in their suf-shown,thateveryU,andtothatextentdiminishingtherevenues thelasttwomonthsofhistenureofoffice,under public,wliich holds theincrease in the risklegalenough uponRepub-that nearly all the work isferings. Thirdlythat it is fair to presume, until the contrary isTbecertain of liis former—vessel found on the coastupon freight. competeduponway paasengersBubtaODd County Supervisors to settle all in it. Fourthly that our squadron, though should not have any undue advantage in this—It haaof Africacldoia for the destruction of the Qnaran- the of the treaty as toof the State. It eeemed plausible that the Roadcharacterof its officialandInPoETBAiT or WASHUtotos iBVnro.;and to authorize thethe charitable hypothesis that his always excita-a vote of meeting requirementsthe some rates of toll as tbe Canals, so that the two might do their bu^'iness upon an eqnal footing. The only justification of tbe tolling bill was fonnd in tills fact But the new scheme haa no auch The toll is to be levied, not uponapology.pressureinthe perils and the responsibilities of thatreason to itself that the Commis- the extreme and unconquerable aversion ef Mr.the number of guns, ofiers no real obstacle to;provedtwen!y years of his life, to sit for bis portrait, no valuable and reliable like- ness of him was in existence. a da-preaecationmemorable campaignhadtoo much foreveryand be- cause the influence of officers, and the fearan which was always better fitted organizatiunfor the arduous labora of the stump than for thetrifling disregardviolatioa of the Election laws, and to amend theMS of this City by extending Lewis-street from oflegal proceedingsB|^th to Tenth streets. The fact that it was St. followed by a condemnation, lead the com- apparently to protect the passenger traffic of P^t^Iek's Day prevented the Assembly from ac- manding officers to make the cruise a mere the Canals, to drive travelers from the cars coMBtobfag much. The Charter of the New- tbe whole businessTnE College of Eniysicians and Surgeons was matter of form, and leaveamended, and the bill to incorporate the St. to tbe British, whose zeal is stimulated both smallestgreat exigencies of the batUe-field;theyin cose aBtifbeoM College at Bed Hook was passed. by orders from home and the love of prize-within the last fourmonths,forlyfinehundredsame burdens whichrestupontheCanal.Tbe sum and sense of the hearty approvalwith (he crisis which gave them birth. Toimg with which the present action of the Legisla- towns tliis evening. There is no subject whichonlyr that die two bodies concur in order to negroes have been carried off; that the Ameri- They may still carry freight below cost, as theyers,haveallpassed away,promoting.firlii^WIOVbL This, it is stated,will beCity simplyis, merits more attention from the of oar great body(BtOT were tailing measures to check these dep- this is ignominiously disposed of by the to deal with Its financial difficulties upon any tedatiotis by organizing volunteer companies, andthe latter was expected to take the field in [ferson example of the British and French, who claim basis of justice aad enlarged common sense-judgmentseriouslypUabed teachers in otir City, and Is a very vignr—eno such indulgence. Any climate which thesecan support, in the discharge of their duty,has not, and ought not to have, any terrorsto 'Jm«BS*ilIe her boiler exploded with such for our own officers. There is, in short, at State has only two legitimate sources of re-at en early date.It is largely in debt, and seems unable to de- vise any means of payment except by theooontry.mydJaHtiar is reported to have occurred on ttcAR^^ne Biver, Qeorgia, on Monday last.of New-Esglaad, audi am verydealroas todoso. '" the act of the of 1857," nor by any other act but4taitf1 veserate every Inch of grouad coBsscrated by tk« wisdom of ssges and the blood of hsroes,' la the drama of Iha North AmerieaB Revolatloii. Conaee-will judge the LegislaturePark nota sratl of a Protestant church ia tk*WM fcplunderof somespecialteamer S. M. Maming was on her way, AXinterest or class. Thespecialpartfh ot Landouzy la Ville, in France, of which Uatenifaie fgiAe.aa to kUi tUrteen of thoee who weretbe income of its poblie works and the taxation of its property. If It needs sympathy with tbe offenders. We call this more money, it can get it honestly from thesemightyNo ground li mors consecrated thaa that ofeyes gradually fillingfather haa for thlifen years been the pajtor.Histhe whole of the crew ODiioani. Scbtuegiaee—thebottomstartlingremissness,venue eqnal:—Am! five white passengers are among thethe of the Rsfwrna- early dayslost.tte celebration of St. Patrick's ia this Dayold thirteen SUtes are the only lands of oar memory; but, blewed be God, they are not tbe only laBd« of—City enthusiastic. The weather was favorable, and tne united civic andproportionsof a and thtt country by some of tlie clergytaea bast ka»aa largeoa was Saturdayit is in ourThe streets were opinion tbe most disheartening incident in the special tax upon those of its people who traveldetails which we are now receiving fron tbe railroad, than upon those whe live in brick bymlU'aiy display quiteimposiiiK.our homes and intolerable streets dustyC.Prof. proposestares to its aid.to devote thecrowded with ourthey will feel that the Commissioners are doingunusuallyremlssncsa startling, becausesources only. It haa no more righttolevyaserve all the promise and pleasure all,of thiseither apathy about the work, or secretHibernianwho observed tbe anniversarsary with unusual slave coast We have long ceased to hope for any houses, or upon those who have red hair. Anyjubilantuulveraaliiy. High Mass was celebrated at St.population,executedlyn, officiatug. Dr. Cauill delivered, to an over- at home, in putting an end to this great crime, its poptilation and imposes upon them burdeiuwe have beenandliberty." The Friendly Sons of St. Patrick Navy, inasmuch as it is a facile instrument in in principle and odious in its operation. It islecture on "The of but Fidelity Ireland to her Faithtinjustto which that gentieman himself upon his return to tbeliisposedBan& Bt-E~h-a'-i-d O. Gorman, Wm. M. Evarts J. De great wrongs to go unwhipped of jostlee. If itand webe allowed to congratulateutterlytheir seventv-slxtha <naid banquet at the Metropoli'an Hotel. The riBaWmtoftheAssociation,JudgeD*lt,presid- •djbp speeches were made by Messrs. James Tand wielded in independence of the passionsbe orover formal aad seeondary purelycoajMBWPOfatedanniversary bythe hands of the Governmentmayone of those temporary expedientsweak and timid partisans are apt to resort inhinguage of propriety, discretion and commonquarrels matters.Bichard Busteod, John Clancy,of subject Cityof in regard to a great work of As alTray occurred hi the Jiaibor of Havana • out placeandothers. Judge,8tKPBIN MiSSSTT and otherbeplacedbeyondques.^on,that our officers shhrkmind.in thisCityweas^ '^Tfce'ftin was' kept up until the clock of •tra^^hehaai retlriog^nthe Press<ofdaly hoDored.In Brooklyn the day waa lowed to influence the mode in which nationalfor made. While this isHSIM.The tplTlt of rejoicing is stUl kept uption, on the eatifbnria 0*alaDd HaU route, on Saturday, charged with having attempted to poisonto anydiscipline and of professional honor bring at auction a millionto his healUi if he were suddenlywe are comcg In fitely from the several daptrtWMf tor the beiitfit of the Spanish Army. BvaiT.'to mix with the corn-meal '''' intended victims woold use, nT-Sr^„?.^:J'°"?";'= «"'>liro«te and arseide.addition toof thedaytheyWairiaa ft ._h3.k k ^°'''";'=d I2 ^1„u7^^'and the Americanrr BS HiLD?-The great dollars for the ben. where shaU tiiequestionsrrobe. There""'""0nBatnrday, Recorder BAi»..n ,l„,r^^.A >,.CongodirectTea' els bare been In (sir deiaaad Wttent ticular change In rates for ftstght.S^r^^eaUn-gi."^"preventedtheWhatof comparativeto bearall thehr energies to secnre for na what is nowSBT par-LondsaaO'CoMNoa,and if it has,deprecateman of board theship Enrf Warm,of Bahimore,ia wMefc.their work i^HjSBad the eonvivisHties with son? station ia aand firom other that the strongly for Mr. Wiss's sake, as for titat of the quartera,art Ib this case,everyto allow us to believe that Recently, while intoxicated, he acknowledged the in no way to blame for thehead of the Federal BepubUc athave in view, we shall be content Let the with confiaence for news of thee looV Ing«>e AsBwoBTR about a and bis lamiTyyear ago.the Government is strange inefficiencymust of course comeout of thepocketsin i ts history._ _crime to some of hiscompanions, tlueateningatuponthe cost of transportation, andtremendous responsibility has been reimposedw ar. The westher In tlsTazia conttanus eaotfarjtteit full of visitorssame time to kill them if him. ^e they exposedat anchorto makethose who ride are thus faxed exclusivelyCoKVisnoN—Wbkbbis Democratic Convention meetTin«HfferenceBavaap, who has been more th^S ,^o°',fA?? eorrespondeot againstin the OftyPrtooq, under scntene" araoDaad.masder,buttowhomthepewa-H • »^"S"?y«'»*«lfor the squadron port of the City Government so muchnotiaa of the counsel for theuponraUroadspaysup-New-Twk, tM te S premlus ;gUI uiaBuppresa the Slave-trade.geodgatapH ta'*e Mewd best. brgg_ght tdnettif>ne!use, thereshow of reason in such atocoagrefateoapremhUB ef iga »m|n«as tot a serlei .'I'!'*"*! *«dUch,TM T? 3i««LAB, or candidate,13H to 14 premium h-ew-Url*sjit,4HTbaArtUnionof"«'» 'trial.City,70 from EagUsk klt- guineas fougiaeyef ifitwUeThe motion irge -waa made on the pound that heIt U a great deal received from Washington by the Commodore•Umind, that it shaU ol Iteelf suffice to refute theMo a second trial in d.iedecidedthathemustlie trind lite present time and the third Satarday inucient sneer that kingsandoligarchiesaloneoatltns tott, HlgSior Klng.-fJ^-^"bol l^hedlsebargedonhisownrecognixanee.polioy. for whichBat this isgrythese d«1gsat.oa sinpUolty o( *^ <»aa»dP.?*^>the weaiymodel^ of 8^»»^aTh" „„*?:belongedeasier for us to believe that the instructions revenue from theirCityshall have the honorpreBt and the hnn-^a.B.lCALL(TT,Utejafthe^PJ»h»MpacbMiefromAeapokotrelaMatUywitk inthecauseofSlavery, andweshalle(S»K i^j -">.CottU,Navy —bat as the d«r •»«»«***• '»»'.capturefiedand theimmediate relatives andnets ever made of Ur. lavina,—the only one, in-tosea withgood policyprojectand to Mexico. peacete notwhich bat beenin oil,acertainly most ex-i^t Vim^tltfA ilaii, MmibttBim%bib».iA<JS'^Sn> vtowW IhenalMrwia obee^aji^Utrteeyeat fecftaihjIPk?^can squadron spends a great part of Its time at are accused of having done for the sake of in- the Canary Islands, Madeira, and the Cape de juring the Caaals. They may still take awayture will be received in thisleave their eduoation un- that the people of New-York know the value citizens ttiaa this : and we have reason to beltsvsdawdUbfioe present week. Our WashingtondHpitca statea that the Administration was much Verdes, the flag-ship having recently passed not only its lighter and mure profitable busi-^ierthern Eoil anddove ever cooed in of their great Park, and that they are deter-that Mr. Bobbins Is admirably qualified to djaeoss itwithabilityandintelligence. Wehopehislec- tures will be well sttended.and that they may pro- duce a decided impression upon tiie public mia^I by the rejection, on Friday, of the treaty eight months at a port in one of those groupsSeeiragua. Negotiations will be resumed of at a and aU the other islands, time, — shipsness, but its transportation of flour and grain.finiebed.sucking— mined to do all that in them lies to secure itscompletion, on a scale worthy of the City and of the City's destinies. So long as they are satisfied that the men to whom the Park is en-law the roadsHe Indians still maintain their atti- spending an indefinite period always three their competition with the Canal in the freightKaTajol —toward the whitei. A gentleman months, and generally a good deal more intaieefwlie leached St. Louis on Friday from New- the«ame way so much that there are fre-FrcachI^etaraa mm*Kea41ags.^oetiiitjyqT^1^,statesthattheyhavestolennearlyalltheatocit in the Bio Abajo District, and estinnatesthat during the Winter they have run off 100,000head of sheep. Gov. BracBta and Col. Pont- this is, the unhealthiness of the stationConnecticutDemocrats"Bat for these causes, (dOBisttle reasons,) I people of New-Tork will show themselvee, as of foarketiues;so,ouspoint,tional levy upon passengers to raise the of carrying on the war.trusted are really workingout thisobjecttheProf Elix Cbaklibb delivers the first to-ni^tnotmorethantwoorthree at ships:quentlytheir posts on the coast The excuse for allUsguige, upon toptea;affect thegrand result, patient as to questions of formal and eloquent speaker. BU subjects are lnt<rsstlB(«matterofprejudices which In civil life so often permit^ the pref ence ol any real difficulty.sense. ButwesincerelyhopetheCharleston of his feelinga with regard to "our commonwell be permittedoverthegradingofastreet,theforceofdollars—thatamount witiiregardof placed at thethe roads. The fares will one of tije most critical periodsmoneyishonestlyexpendedforthepurposeareindefinite, coadltloaal aad Inks- not so. HieraUroads thatCity hasbeenselectedaathepUeeofpna^sa.unrebesu^o( fom part anwBttavague, warm,thanthattheonlyobjectsacrilteeaItshonor mayproperlybeconstructedIstheaccommo- CbarieetooworksalikeefbeautyandofutiUty.;sham, and that theabstractfor marking the advent opinions Southerners in the service are al- railroad grantsbutOur State Government seemsold I bav* so doubt State,visit would b«stttHte. Be is known as oae of the aast aces*The seems to have turnedfimctionaries from the odiousorkqtwwc ilM MII9 ar a di-poeriMe. anworthIf the raOiMl graate ! teeeMe^ Iha Hoith haa^tttto MvaaUs papi^taaoiasy'l—for tbe leoewal of these akeelttee, we have are ealttled to that pntit The iaree ehooU by vftdaae of aaddsa weatlh. &e ia*rt«aor- S^vhAMu tor r^^Omt,DO leaB oaoae fer ahaaae and(Smi VMkir>-Tnai>M^ Lynn a»d other paru of Massachasetta. agar.The Mlore of a prominent stock firm op B^r- Tbe only enimb of ooooolatloB whioh we re-laWaaiiiAattkaifaMaf the shoolta«.thaa be ledooed eeflSoieatty to absmh It A. ledae- meaelemma. Tf flttllnTriiiiBiiBl hnfiililj i piMiflile waBiUllo«ordonuB,U*rtMi^*MW* Theyareaeiaedwitii tfc*-JrnftnauMasaf «hieiihaa>Hliaa«v«t:reachedLiberals have ito alteraatiTe but t« winneed the moneytions its agents upon the Railways, and com-ofimputation of malfeasance." It is a sadIState,necessities, It sta-publictraveler who to pass, to stand and deliver.may happenbefore theture as in this case it was. It illustrates the Should this be tbepels every unhappyThere is not the faintest pretext of justicelightiy flungLegisla-the basis ot herpolitical caae,freight but upon passengers. The bill aims back to tbe canal packets. It does not in thecopyresult, accordingcarefully paintedaffect the competitionin freight- between Canals and Railroads. It does nothing whatever to deprive the latter of theircharit- that he gives evidence ofpresentsof his life. It isdegreeablecomplete restoration. The invasion of Ohio,Indeed, under tlusing business to a stiU more damaging and ruin-because theyare allowed an addi-in its highwayman.bodyGreat sign of the times that tliis imputation should thein this newing an exhausted treasury. The original prop- dityaand it well. It is be- doingreim-may pushmeansIntbeFrsBChwould joyfully obey ysor call. Could I vltlt your they do to-day, tolerant of mere blunders of connected vrlth Freaah Utaratora, at tke SpUglsr la-incompetentDoblemora than agreetbiareproof, correction, and a rigkt understanding sf what is best and lawful to be done for oar coauaoawhich do not;rightgreat storm" burst uponCMeeljeet la attalae* le the higheet ilegiw) beraogh. Tha prosfeet af aa tavutoa Bb Vmhave beea fixed forniaiiin ifc» mif Amaaltagafdaietalee frea the varloas trades if the Navy were foOowlag the leed of •• many tioB of one-teeth of a eeat opee eeok trip, whkh ileiecates are expeetod to need. Hotel MiaaiKW. VtUe report he ^nie, cor 0«var» iatheCltTWMheldin Beventh-streat laataraa- of ear pelitlelaos, end offeriag op Its most makee a differeoee of six dalUrs a year ; and parlors have tiaen to |40 aad $60 per day. meat haa ffifea ttaelf vmfmmury taMMa.iaatHflB.ifiiiiffceailiieprioeeevsiythhig bepaidla.iaff.etirid(dlit waa reeotved to cat np a massmeetint of aU the trades in the OtT. to expfej"ympathy and render assistance to the strikers in the shrine of dull" oottoa and dedinlag" reads moot, is a matter of so alight Import- catkia with oeta,—and for the privUege of Cms aa he Is to bloekade WinOiliiii f>iMtlllil(WMidj)-T«roDotua*a day,whosecontracts,fromthehighcreditwhichglorioustrmiHttoes, its most aaeredtnstinots,olaaaee,rail- Bedrooms meaa oloaete,erammed tosuffo- MiBAMOH ie ^MNitwho need theance. uelog Uieae, $10 or $12 each are remarse- tite fhot ttiat we have tfaastahaailivetaiM>at this to the laboring" " MilMytaUoekadeTeniiMlilM||r existfaig means ofiaibnpaflflB !• t* wi>MiWi>iTtMii I>«mi». ^ny speculative dealin«s of the Street, created un- rived from the Information which we published In its proper light—In respect both to our City occupy so much room In full inai, but be- regard U tie Mexican qnaeUoa. Wa«Me •"Ikof theceiveoonfirms,or nextour Afrleaathatwehaveii de- willpresent thissubject taloed at any price,—not merely presencebecauseUhutrates ourtimes moreTwBiTa DouAl*;they had sustained, tovolved a large shsreoorreepondencetheyteadraao*.to Mm PriUWMra 'N»W-or Exchange. m mucfa-talked-of oommerce In—tor C«Ufcr«i»-__l CaUWBVU, ele»i«ned for dic«-at full ratea. Provisions were in nuiderate request. It, and no BritUl^ whatever. This at least Execorive Department likewise. It will be n^akeherseifrichonthlsoocaalon. BvideaUy toachlog the annistloe said te have beea pro-—IPork waa cheaper. Sogara were pretty freelydealt it>, and wen firm. Bice waa nnusuaUy active clears the discussion of a good deal of rubbisli, held responsible for whatever may be donefeverishadvanceinprioee. New-YorkCen-roedtolls. Weneedmeasuresbasedeeuby, than thirty daysverytral sold at one moment as high as TSisupply the sudden demand to meet the emergencycent toUttUtmmm, rik«,la«r»pven,* of this failure. Nothing new occurred in Money Coast, except the Slave-tradeAll regu- lar boarders have been notified to quit theirXM OAUVOBKIA U pabllilMd on th«tonooe,African that thetice and epon sound views of public policy,The aalas of Cotton reached 1,S00 halea, parttreuuitu, at uniform prices. Flour and Wheat humbugthat there are ikotovexthree Amer-Republican partyIs Inpower,having controltion wittioot^absolutely no trade,with theupon jus- —ments for packing lodgers at nightfrom— — palm-oilour receivinc eoe word ef Is a State Treasury or of any poUUoal party. The can take rooms for of the Conven- Mexico, at this most criticalwere heavy and lower. Cora waa In fair demand ican traders oe the coast aotoaOy engaged la of both branches of the Legislature and of the advance also. Charieeton Is determined toand i>ot the necessities of theonepaying for them for eight days inLord Jons_kABerles, CalUoraU, Oregoa, WMh- at advanced prieeo. Hoet other branches of trade and enables thoee of the public who are still and there ought to be in its ranks enough ol never offer, she Is resolved to make hay while the British officials at Vera Crai, la of «* jOolainU* ud ft* fluftwlch Uutda, were B^iitiesa. There were SM veesals of all enBlttre eboat oar reputation for honor aad wisdom and of courage to meet the difficulties her son shines. higbeat tanpertanoe. But it ie probaUe thrtAmeriou Eraiitl clasaee la pwt.|wnEt«ato ia •map* <<utM t^ ?( fortais^ Tkfl ABerioiw Ftof amd the Afrleaa cleariy the abomination with whioh they have Rs first aim shonld be to reduce the amoont of at the attempted impoelUon, and the National eelved from the City of Mezkso. If the LibeniaBlare-ttmde. to deal. Aad we add that, whether this money required for the coming year to the Committee is mayseiioiuly discussing4te (toakridr Mwa Attr, wUeh CammentlBg a few day* ago on Gen. Cass' class be large or smaO, it Is none the leas in- lowest point possible,—to out off every ex- of changing (he place of meeting and sum- reason ta believe that a revelntiea baa intttim. Tk« Itell oioaM at tta letter to Mr. Valiom about the StaTe-trade, and cumbent upon it to call imperatively for pense not absolutely necessary to preserve the moning the Convention to assemble at Balti- this time broken tmt wifhla its waBi in breritflMI A.M. Mm of ttM papw, Im a ia — all the policy of the American Oovernment the withdrawal of our Government from the State credit, to avoidfor of the Juares Qovemmeat vt at (aacfOMat more. The change would be sensible in every ;appropriationsmi^ fee a>atic, a oentt a eopf. reference to it, we dwelt upon the manifest ludicrous and disgraoefid position with regard new schemes, and to reduce, wherever it can be respect Charleston is too remote, and its movement, headed by MuiQinex, haa boeMiiy>M[|titfcrir<«» u aarlr ai ponlbla. ttdaBTaalac.made against MinAkoB. We haveit piracy, in controvereiee with Great Britain, either upon the repeal of the Act of Congress an established claim upon State support And and Cincinnati are the natural places for the doabted wlielher MiaaxoH left the Ctty afI laaa Tiaaa.I^Ti'sTnroic: Oa, muRB—-TU Waslook or taa fitni. and lT«lac-6aaaftOa.'ilUuaiiia. eiUiKRT—Iznunoa oi Piranaai.,We added, moreorer, that the second or the executloa-of a treaty raised by fair and equal taxation. The peo- the It upon vigorousBeside, the of Charleston arms. He may have had hopes ef peopleNEWS OF THE DAY.prosecuting charge.laterR^a^iflr tii Ttutama, which arriTed reiteidar.of his enterprise, thatdetestation of usnewed fiuy, and Aore mischievooa feres.fromSa- intaUigenee the9w all, by a firm, unwavering eoorae, or to lose all gat- lantiy. They are eoastaatiy gaining ia streagl^andthusfarcertainlyhavetbegameinOelr own hands.It is, of cotiTB8, impoasibte to ny whai British diplomacy may acoBi^sh ia MaabstirdityofcitingtheactofConfressmakingto thetrafficwhichit nowoccupiesto insist alldone, appropriationsforobjectswhich haveoriginalselectionwasunfortunate. Baltimorealwajaertions to do so;dient for replenishing the State Treasury. The proposition hitherto has been to toll tbe Bail-of which X*. Ma—TmiMK'a I'aaa Sauut it is composed are utterly unfitted for the ser-presentseason. he had sothemany proofs fundsnot relax theiror eoaaentappeared in our columns on Saturday last, inveryelose,••JIMMttaHwM day'aSwtidSa no newi of special importance to that spondent at Loando, on the African Coast, The Bailroads are merely told that they musthis knew no botmds. His sacredsh^)eof a long letter from our corre-that Is abandoned entirely.aad theircourse of policy, the Commissioners havetaxThe Railroad Haddlee.The State Senate has bit upon a new expe-The Cemtnl Park.The Senate ef New-Tork by a nnanlmonaCivil strife would ere long break forth wiOi ta-roadvote, have passed the bill enabling the Com- missioners of the Central Park to raise thefreights passengers— now voted to the Senate hasnot appear. If thelAeraleaia wlae,:instead. The bin which that body has passed preeerves the form of a tollingevents of theJohn Brown excitementin his possession that the whole North had sub-no attempt to check or control tbe competition of the Bailroads with the Canahi in the carry-thisand by no means particularly friendly, Inquirying of freightshand over a certain sum to the State Treasury—of fare for passengers from two cents to two and a half per mile, to make np their deficiea-In other words, the traTeling puUtc is to be taxed half a cent a mile for the benefit of the State Treasury. Any person who wishes to go by Eailroad from Al-into their past conduct,general;as proof of our abhorrence of it, inasmaoh aa which pretends to make it piracy, and the re- when the expenditures have thos been reduced meeting of great National Conventions,—for Mexico witii the expectattoa or Inhia i.ttMiPV~^^'* Bauow Xra—Thi Ccstoiis no conviction under that act haa ever taken call of the squadron which pretends to suppress to the lowest point possible, let the money be they are easily accessible from every part of tion of taUng Vera Cms by foiee of—and then•anezation of SaToy is a geographical to deal with them in some fashion or other, pay the State one dollar and eighty cents, for and Canada with twelve men. He ofl^isred to partisan struggles and personal or political effort to obtain that preponderating Inllaaaea:;|t^r7ttdh kewerer, la not yet quite certain.7TwiM.1i Seoetary repeats the sentiment ministration ^whatever it may behavegoosethat laid theg«>lden eggbut in her mw;— —wHlexpense of carrying him thither, nootherreasonthanthattheStatehappenstoin was VirginiaBnaday momiog.AaMuHgTMOiwaa arrested at VoUoy's Sta- eny that we have far too much confidence In make such sale T Suppose these grants should entertain the gravest apprehensions maintained, while we are satisfied that our ibe recent victoiy over Uie Moors, and contdbottoMhighestships do a plain and honorable duty, we must ury. Pray, what right has the City Treasuryhim into such convulsions of excitementon aeeoaa* oTwhich keeps Americandeira, while American laws arc openly violatedthat sum inshipsupTbx Dibocraticshali.cea'on. and the city The SuFsr marketAvB'ftaMHKi. It si t IsMhisaiflag openly disgraced at thetoElver. We refuse to believe thatand peremptory orders are ever treated with thethe Americanthe amount of a million of cfit of the City Treasury.action it shaU take has become a matterwhich the charges made our byIndifference. BixPHXKS, Htnm* orWnwUtoTbe f>«ate of Exchaagas aca as fallows:If we were certain that our Government waa sincere In iu desire towithin our grasp discussedis. onlyor delth f^r would certainly indicate, Court of Anmind. ThegreattopicsorichUi influences for the body and for theo8ena of premiuiado so tiB-of4atloa Citytravel andItU thedutyof themeeting;Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069those who.rideat Ma- be kept high enoughbidder for the benefit of the City Treas- If a riotwe strict accountability of the Commissioners tiie expenditure actuallywho ridemore than those who do notT If the roadsbe the seems suddenly to have passedfromto tbesimple of the streets, with a;;Why should personsWheUter Douo-prove themselves worthy —it, by bendingor If Uie rightand theUntitled Documentreceived tbe coofirmaiionspeech of theirto the friends,of Ua is the liest like-upon temporaryquarters by the middle of April, and no the seesloaioteOifeBee nwmaat •( hOTexistence.Tlie news net reeelved fiireagh Havaa^country.eTidence of oar "aoondness on the gooae," which we voluntarily made, and of a law ple are sensible enough la appreciate the jus- deserve some punishment for the extraordi- such a result baaed ea tieaAeiy wltWaplace.—which we are rather fond of producing, the which we voluntarily paeaed, and both of tice and the necessity of such a policythe Liberallines,B^'dtlsBwreprobaUathatand they are too sensible to be hoodwinked by any attempt to favor local and sectional interests,or to throw undue bnrdeiu upon any class.AHappyRestoratlea.The change whioh has come over the dream of Hkhbt a. Wtsa since he descended into private life Is one of the most remarkablevice in which they are nominally engaged.A remarkable coofirmatloa of these views bill, without any of its substance. It makes scribed for the purchase of Jomr Baown's out-^reedinees they ex- and we hope the i>emocratic Party will have— oftheand the second ia, that, were it ever so anxious to execute the laws, it;nary hibitluapreoedentedpresence of a squadron on the slave coast,also partook in a remarkable degreecharacter of humbug, for two reaaens. The thing to be foimd ia the national archives. first Is, that, though it is notorious that theSlare-tiadeisflourishing, oursquadronnerercatches any slarers, and makes no great ex-die yoong (>ief of tte Clerical « Par^which we all acknowledge are. as honorable both to our diplomacy and legislation as any-tobe>!aietomakeaometheir heel upon it Jnares GovemoieBt, with the reeoiatioa, lafit, and was anxiously hoping for the success Inremarkable result of aofBritain, becanse she did not maintain a large frontier guard In Canada for the arrest andaa aetioa in the fiitom.snppopiiion,has been confided to them, and to the integrityof iheir own conduct will do well to ponder lie at Ur. B&adv'b Booms.theBritain, long,Mr. Rob- bus continues his lectures upon the necessity and tbe means of the health of large;I bars never satInitruatioa,New-England generally upontheseproofsthem;mayfrenzy:anticipatingthat suchanother opportunity wiUposed byReassix,andthe aetioa sCfor replenish-osition for toiling the Canals, impolitic as we Governor of Oliio that, ia case he heard of aey ble antecedents should venture to launch lation among the mannfacforers andmerehaalain itsThe State had built a Canal at an enormous ex- pense, and had entered into the business ofpun-having transportation, from which the State Treasury ishment, but would iocoatinenUylevy an armed olous and in a temper so hasty as the lican Senators to make them act ere it be toeof tolls builtimderaState charter,attackandthetemperof tbe Legislature were put forward.speakdisposed to veil Mr.Wisi's performances duringenoughble brain bad given wayunder theof the general repute of political life, haa solid been a matter of universal regret that, owing tecongratulatesioners of the Park have been able to show their record so clear from shadow ofresolution now.enoughtopataadWe have bad netrung like this hitherto,necessary confided to theirforthegreatfresh and receptive interest la their ope- drawn the life blood freraandto the students as the final will be required," and the CominissionerB whohave just received, in tbe votes of the Legisla- lature and in tbe popular verdict by which those votes are reaffirmed, so fair and gener- ous a tribute to the dignity of the work whichtheory.We are now happy to inform those of thegentleman'sdeed, which latter yearshim as he was the duringfriends who cling tO;thisNosweeter notes than Mr. Wiss does now, he, the ferocious warrior, whose roar made us all trembleinourbootslastWinter. Witnessthe soft accents in which he discourses' to themy aye, preStableforfoot the soil yet aponby theirtlcut. And what a canntry we have to guard Tbe and out in all its magnificentloresave alL And to do tkat most etrsctoally, I have aa liberal landscape growing upabialng confidence In coaservlng the great party of the true National Democracy."-We cordially congratulate Connecticut andour bopei'Let u» rherlib all.aU,andfevac of bis Is^'.pvbUeThe steamer De Soto, from The same false notion pervades the public Convention baa nothing to do witii the state or a contract for streetrlamps, are felt to be yesterday.on thethat their cruising on the African Bailroculs. There is a strong demand, from country,"The people of New-Tork, theyM«««<«»_criticism andral in the fundamentalaad tka Iso- turetpromisetobeuausnsllyattracttve. Batther money. They have addlUoBal claims to pnbUe faror. Prof. C.'sownsee the noble scopeWhile theydesign ^andly paiirtilooersarebasket-makersorsmallfanaers,aadall thatand reflection sees to l>e required the second mate was killed, and tbe mate dan««raa»-impartisJilyshould be sold at auctionto the United States, his election to the Presidenoy. in the way ef economical supervision, is a ly wounded by a tai'.er. Tbe sailor was to be SMtthea what citysopubUcbe some of feeding lodglMdrena Park so stately,beautiftal,Ijaiinphad tiie fee to derivemightand horde,whoareexpectedtory;sufficient to throwtethe Untied SUtes for trial, by Consul -Geaaral. 'occasion? the,. «.• ,cancoiweiveaadaccomplish grandestei eommunioatioB. ladeed, of any kind, aadathe from without have not taken fbmiJSitf, ftnal* questienwtthoaae of faUare, to leava Am vomAij fbrarecw AtthepreeeatinaiaatthenportedpnyoaUaafrom England seeBa te fitvor a eeaeatleaafhostilities, bat for predaely what dees paipoaeepetatiOBa,tteywfl to aa/ work sortof compromise with the Chordi fii<itfni>" A restoration of peace aad traaqollli^ faoaaA on any such measures woold be only teaporaty;Fortunately guerreotype, taken at the age of 65, has receatiy been discovered, and from thia Mr. BaxDr, the But " to whom much is given, of them much well-known daguerrian artist, has made a magei-willfulwith ihe of duty.publicinterest, or reck-m^ eatepifaii and influence in that coontiy. Eagjaad'a {NMt Mexican policy, indeed, haa beea to kill tbadebatable of libe- " Victor Hugo" being his theme to-ni«ht points taste,The discussions whichNew-Orleaas «• the lltb and Havana OB the Utn, arrived at this pMta Park which shall be not a deiightbut a glory to us and to our chil-; tot.might veryifll eadulhri Commissioners, then, bear this in mind. A of Tsnrler.whtcb event It Is supposad wwhichThe public confidence is thewas dull, nnwere lU.OOe bases atMaUiizei. Sweets coming In more abaadeattyv. batupon them by the ordeal throughhave just pnsscd.most soleiiiii of commissions. Let them ap- lew buyer* appear.iteffecttheLiCTCRES OK SAHiTAnr ScuKCi.by experience.of thethe church grew up Inbeautiful walks, fair prospecU, ticn. It Is eomrasBdtd to tbe Chrlsiiaa pabUc agandwithin reach of among as,to proeeads'—appeals stronglyIiater n«aa Havaaa.cause fficy feel this now, that they have tXBIOCS ArrBAT OK BHiraOABD—CdHTIHtTXB Wg-object In (^eUterlogtbem It to raite gumof mooey in aideoapmniaaItestimony;: www.fultonhistory.com 