 hctebbstimo vkok bbzico. •r inr— A NanOKMTKAI. ITU.T.TB LiTE CATAffnMPIBS.mwusMd tBXJk*oT?^Crux, altheagh it is detestable, andand tbe people as much slaves to a foreign Power asthe tenants from the upper floor, many of whom es-and Mr. Warner came Into my room aid gave directionswaslowest in tfae middle boiler:is things ?"Eastman said it was man of the committee of 1817, who had failed to drawhe AMertcaabefore Goroi lew ago aad feeble health of the hulMad reader his eoa-work waa Aona WeoBtraotPi«b«kleBmbIm cr tka CampalBB C«btoet Chu- etiTur*mtne$;gcaUTaraCraa. OtiiwpiwtiaM«rtk*ITtm-TrrkTima.pM- the New-Ta* AeadenyofMadlctaa,TaL1, PartIT.,contaiatac• ReportOBCityUUk,by8.&Pint,H.D.,f lilli^lTxuCun,Toasdar.'•«•*^'l^' The latest accounta from the City of Mexico (latathatUaummdfnM(tillthere. Hawillprobably laaka a deBOuttattan before tbe City of Vera Cnu buy off >U thoae thatare to b*TheaitaationhereinItaly,aceordingtothegen- eral optniea, is aaraalxg «r*ry tMj a character less pave. Not that th* ikMwk af affaln Is macb?SBDICTDTHBCLH^nUTCASE.has ii»^li^)yi^hu^fato iphn*oT afoUbMiAk. ^^^^^J'^P*'^^kaowiadg*oftkeBa|lUh «BlMiiiswuMOMtlMCbrXMrrU^aaihy tha laawir— tha cMl wtatD ,niat!ftga. oaa acaiatt iu>will not be given in favor of the restoraUon to power in these Central States of thewu•naolent to e«foiai a eertun aaoont of work,my es, but I, his son, have obtalaed histhe I nyipa ; «l*i, to turnout ofdlct the ceneurlxLgproprietorcapadtjr |)which we explained to blm, reqaeetlng him to tell what boilen were aeoeaeary nr that aerrioe, and tocould not atOea.0U«xriHAtti(*i«iaappean AjMrMFMea^'Merarar it wtU jota wtik JVAU'i forcea.Statiiyn-houae, waaAnmany charitable lostltutloBS of this City.I> «i*iMUMI-remains, as names of the jurors sworn persona, three of whompower,feas etroke—with Wright'sjllaoCongress,8ANFORD-8TREET EXPLOSION.oipMUag(va roliiiall arm' to defend Lbs Americanto suchthe Powers wUch dictate the policy of Europe are by Mr. Stokch for IntermentIt «aa niinored tbat tbe Con»tltutlonal forces atthen such a vote will behas the power to make Europe pay the penalty ofbeeoBS daHy acre evident Its union with Pcixaxn the aveBla at 1833, and the contemporary rebellion ofvalves were all right.reAiVajattfcnialijtotbayaarI6tt ataoeIkeate ;leaded rvrlawof"TbeTraasactioaioffor Muahor, on acooontof the aaaielty of funds in the Juarea treaaury. The such a:Mtaatlllah had pronouncedall being preaent,Wm, H. WatrroM was sworn, and testified as («ltowsUoo in our factorytTaUed Statei ship Steraioga aent a detachment to Mlnatlilaa slniUaito that aent by the Bneklyit towronga;aa a batter ; I was ea- In the factory of Mess a. Ames, Uoalton A Co.- asIt was also rumored that Mr. Ooihpo fronjd ^^a^|^ his place In the Constitutional Cabinet^ and k« i^fCMdad by Oan. Skhllado, who is .at pres- ent {;av|Buder-lii-CUef ol the army. All ara anxious to k>onr,wW ooiuaa tha Americaa authorliiea will ponoeMw^aTwtaf an attack on the city of Vera Cms. The steamar Tmuan has discontinued her aaaU a«STlOft> Tha United Stataa ahtp Saratoga re-preservedorder which has excited the ad-;tory on Friday mortilng at the time of the '^xplislbo ;giveTaapioo.mBlntalned amiration, not less than the wonder, of the peoplego ahead and look after tbe childrenI wentdownwhom1 had confidence ironld do Itright;"The BnoUirt will proceed to PmiTiriwi fjir fnT'*'~"'. &o. Ur. MoIiAii goes InI struckagainsta door,tbey not,)alas; I think tbeydid not refer back this report to the Bmi4 theyall; cl^psttce when we heard anuausual noise, and on opening tbe maD was ia ttie eogine-rovm alone wheal passedattended to. Nor did hefall to study tha Ial,VW*t^iax.I were finUbiDgltbe steam pipe«,from the fact that Iof Health, Instead of forming another committee? U seems, then, that if Dr. Pxacr cild ignore this tepact»wU» ^^^greatlytotbedifficultiesofherposition. Referencewhich It led ; It Kareway,and I saw a rear window;took my overshoes and overcoat off; I then lot ol pices In the dryit g room;saw a Woodruff & BeachtothaMississippiKiTer.a clotbes-Une, which went into the engine-room and saw Ur. made only one estimate for the work. Eastman,MoLAME TREATof It ;and an adopted child.;Treaty—iBvestlvalioiu Jvries.;thaeaclBes a&baBersr»Atnaar^mtHmt-TttkTimm:lattoi"""*ofMarchbevjkt, aad then witbdraw bii foroa* to the latarlor, that potestHe aad his wtfi are yesterday by Coroner story of No. Uf Blm-atreetUaztend- every one who aaarcbet after kaowtodf* kaofwi Ikat:haveUupiredhope. AHeyiaanstiUturned Europeaacriticism tbatwitb MTrUe-STeaae to • poBt near the eactne and tained. But this review is a mere pi laiiail .atiMka*haeaanotposilblyraiaearaffiolent foice totakeUef gaina strength that his wlU and policy, the Itaaan question,touchingvicHasofthayourmaayof Mr. Campbell for the »ork, I _tblnlt : I aelect-ttUeUrhyatarm.I matt ymi a tnadatton of Ibuitoa'i leceod andthis acuBlarr relief T bimipaneoal pcoMtltiinl (ke ttMtr raeeatly oooclodad hy Mr. MoLan. A» ^ipean to ba aDdearoiing to ftmUK^KVftiOtot the Ifax)eaa» by tndttng thatrpatdoMim and anKutat their nitanl hatred for-street, and. large nomber of Intere^ed partiss p«Ttl08: same cirenmftanceeuine were madetotbtnk that tbe U aulBelenUy itrongr.to the doctrine of legitimacy and the coaservaUon of dynastic interests, and establlsbss a policy of reatora-taken to the Fourteenth Preclnotye&terday idenUfiedby means of a gold chain around the neck as the remains of Mra. CAsru Srotca, who.Investigationattack on Taicpico. the Vm- Tbey are resolved to withpeoplewith her three chUdren, Her perished.with sixteencylinders Inebea dlaoteter and thnelater eftsSamual Cavelly. H. F. Wing,Jonaihxn Parker, (onr feet long and forty-two inches diameter-^with LxsiJS, (throaah Heory Bov««s, two flues— with all the fix nres to make sild the Lit>rarlaa of the Academy of Medlglae) with thaTbeFeUtfeal Btataa 8aela«y at Iha Capltat-Aaoiieaa Tlaltan-Paale at F*- ra.la.teyearlWafttaiftlaM. Iooaatnlaad U adept (ki* method, a* (be adyaaeed tbcMitoaworkoCtha.by Tte BayleaA. TlmMemtimm mt Dr. rvrey'a Kepait *• ik* AxmMmmr mt WlatUtmm,Injustice,gtven.I was atsupper about half-paat seven o'clock In I heard a aoUe; od looking dovra.dellrer the Mrce and set It up ready for opera-Committee on Swill Milk formed by tha Academy laWhat It may expect from those of her will be again as it was. Austrian satraps will be re-I d*n't:know,weretherewere so few in number and so bad^ aelectad br tdoubtsoaa M^^yv carried their Insane workings so far asto dedtik'dieinKl'res enemies of society. The forsakenway,escape from the building In that direction;ML^i!,roomI said here's work for Hurra, boys, youinto Mr. Watrcua' room Eastman ;turned thechairman of the committee of for 1847,traascaooodcBBS.n eyerlastlng Infamy the unfortunates' before. In the hearts of this class of people Inhabi-caped by leaping from the windowmy wife escapedin relation to the workengine-room; as tbey went out Iacd noticed that there were two men at the boilers; I then clo&ed the door, and got op&osite the door wbichwhich It in the same ^h^Te.oouunlttedest child In my arms, and was hangincr to the Billthat made iaai heroic sacrifices against liie American in-pIllMjKtbe (^mntrytbe men all oat were callingthe steam to so fast the steamattall dishonor the nation.and, for the same reason, neither;went to the ; next saw a then got oat of the window as sooapurpose,neither is It a ao placeexpensive;aad dMHIOB in the cities andvlUages throughdeal,large partpraise and, what isand hallooed but noruins a«aln, got answerasjKiesible.At this stage of tbe proceedings the Coroner ad-they envlaora tion.which wd in the jtMi^at,on reaching the second floor 1 discovered the place was on fire, and I hallooed loudly to my;troopa jbi^tfe' Smprame Governor, nor public opinion,CXPT.BIGELOW'SEZPLT JUKT.TBEfacta andTariotis members of the Committee at theirnor wjUh wbich tha^fi^aloathe groundyaid by breaking through the fence of the adjoiningfor 1 had «een faim ^o into the before engine-room justaretaarai wtm any other resource than to ruin all thatthe attentloo of the people Is so much occupied with po-ihave escaped by the front entranceinto a and foreign war,;thoae who iotnUf tta Con-t then passed X than wenttbeyregared by all,Duringnotwithstandingwe left the rear out three children belongingbe then went up stairs, and 1 wentoat onNestrand-avenuc, and met my sister who had just—tells lit»ttaalr haada. They even go further: by litical affairs respectThe Boston /ountdl pnbllthes theandventwithhertoherplaceonBedford-avenne. ACam.—TheverdictoftheCoroner'sJtiiTro«the allhoughtheCommitteead«)tedthereport,aadr^aaDsadhdrfkneramenteatabllahedatVeraCruz, Fine collectionsin theandArts, both publicthsy ti^>to sell ttie integrity, tbe honor, aad tbe of course anybody knows that Florence is one of the^ At lltm-Tmt fiais*. Fioaaaoa,Monday,Jan.IS,I860.wMmIn the N(w-ToBK TmHa tendency mere ftTottlHe to a peaceful ssttlemsat.ProgressSuftrd-Stnet loqairy.changed, but recent daali&tcea, appanatly withbuUdLg,on tbeactknu" itwvukl have baea gladlr wvtoomed, tmtowaida arbiter, NiWtsoa, and the be-tha fourthadditioaal lafbfBatioa is at- PtaoT,aadahswaaoevidentaBUlkefa^a^e r/mrrthr:nu"rr«bersndApproprtaUons left with the Edltw^ of the Niw- work made ootests of Austria and the Pope.be assured that European lafiuence, whether h> orand told biai vbat we te do—that weThataeaaU8asLoiiPotoal,luaderOea.Cuta-tu^f^gtm»*^*!^*f rmariat tor. an attaakonTaapieo. Cmt^u will be itrenaoiuly opposed by things. If Europe, In the Congress, adheres strloUy terday. One of those recoferod on Sundaj, andconaentt* vwrbally atrea aiatlun and reaction, then thiawill not sabmlUare thenaie for tu one high-pteaaate esvine of ^ftr-horwby new revolations. Forpast, In the midst of the most extraordinary trials, the peoale of Italy have a self-control andI obserred flamei coming up the cell&r stairwayAugust, 1847;Preatdeatthe Aeadeiv the report.These are pledged to a course which has noth- God watches orer the Republic, and the ing In common with the real welfare of Italy. Herearid evidence " to be elicited fromdid not Ignore or alight the let'.er In the tepatttIf. train.Ebowedwas ooly one itesm Kuagt: for the three boilersthebom explosion of a steam "factepublicto fiirnlsh them withevery other conctry. A single grand Ides and a;:any-exploatoogetting ;oa Mr.and evidence,^ and in the formatlaaMxxiljincraat which has recently occurred is a vlsitUe proofthat be' wtslies to preaervj It, and that his waya are hearts are with the enemies of their country. They No. 4; I was sitting with my wife and two children there 5 or 10 minutes:Solomon SheiUner depoeedI resided on the second*n enlightened and favored Tuscany are many whosepassed:tainingmicroscopicexaminatitmsestablished upon thrones which they have repeatedly ;;then followed me into tbe make shop;*' they through; 1 gave out the cocks, spokeito the fireman, and says 'Howad- of asUt.— tants of the country which gave them birth, but notthey then caased into tbenot, it waslowest in thesaid to the fireman, never let the watermiddle cork, nor above the upper one; turn that valvethen, that Florence should be se-1M7, for ito destruction—the accompUebment of wbich of many foreigners, and the city In which for longer an alarm of fire about 7H o'clock, and on going to theTexasthe meaanres dictated against the Church, inroc-m. and found them all clo8>:dI mean the ;valves ng,withoutattention called to the being!Could there bea;which go from boilers to tbe cylinder. [Diagram here subject of their strength. If, under the circum- greater contrast in the language and ideas ezpreesedthe United States had In view In invading the Repub- llo—aad the eoaidnct during this period of a corporationor shorter periods travelers find It pleasant to linger. 01 course ibe time could not be very long before Americans also would find out all these charms. If it is not true already. It will be soon, that there Is no attractive nook on the earth's surface, which civi- lized man hasmy bro- under only two boilers all the time; brother saidf^tances, 1 ought then to have examined and rejected by the reviewer and the reviewed ? The one is low, them, the responsibility for not doing it fairly rests vulgar slang, emanating from conscious inferiorityof the capital of hatefulare antecedents well" myYou'll blow us up ;'* Mr. East-;memory,known, «ad present a faitnJFoI picture, not ofchald had gone into llr. North's apartmentto Mr. £a:«tman then,the OBirary oaas whs have allowed Uiemselves to beman made no replynothing to ttsy, as ft was Ms carelessnesstold Mr. UcCraken, and he said hestay unless they had a stetm-gnage on every boiler Mr. Pearce came downpemiaded without seelBg the vanom of the doctrinesmy brother would not ; that afternoon, and and told him what had happened, an^ Mr. McOraken said he would not staydevotion that heset (aith, bat ot the priBajni directorswhose namessome wan- race which isextraordUary his eyes were used up ," that was plainly visible to every one who knew him. Yonr castings. I applied, as the testimony diows, all that reviewer's"next observation is perfectly dastardly.are oa the Una of every one as having been the vile In-deringenterprisinganystmments of the political estrangement that has di-and children;had the fire occurred when all thetbethey brought subject up,blame for not causing a more of these ri^d inspectionjuatbeen concluded at Verahammer would reach as high, he would blow the nose of theEdmund Waring deposedam the owner of theQevei T^Meign Anirs has filed the proper pteteet, agrees to coDoealoDiof or transit nrates for tbe cltl-bulla ing In quesuon;six-story structure,Mr. HiBTUT's volume was sought far "pioneer"lit.andagainstwhich the Mialster of For-goodhead of sCeaai on there ;everywhere, but a copy was not to,explored, members of thentirdZy—I cannot now attribute to myselfdevotion^e laerlrn Miauter, Mr. Fobstth, proposed, inarea la^ a new boondsiry line, aad tried to corruptthe patriotism of the Government, stating. In his dis-patch to the Mhilstry, that tkey shcult avail them-selves of this opportunity to gain a few mllliona of in these entertainments. At their dollars iatbe strife— that in the warstairway on the outside of the buildingfloors were reached by means of a stairway runninghe came Mr. McCrackennobodyhave been standing secure to-day hadexisting is,Myrtle-avenue, ;againstfects, if It should occur.nattheCoastlwtlonalforces. Thisproposition, Qiwasfor drying ctethefiso unworthy of a nation, was rejected la terms al-sociability and cheerfulness. ,Thesevacant;aportionofthe wasused upper storyIn tbe verdict states that I made alljthe contracts in relation to the structure,todisagree very greatly;infact donot la they agreeready known to the Republicaov»rnB*Bto(theUnitedStates,anditIs nowem- bana«e*lBa«asBBtingtothe Treaty not only, butclassareWm, H. Moore, residing at the corner of East Broad-Are you -sure ?" beofrightand In fact they actually exercised it inThat Dr. PucT has not erred tn hu aitalysea U ptoved by thain its tbat it nuUaatllMin throagh organshis boilers and try the enfttneIt seems strange that so gene-josted U m tenstona. Aibwyearshas ad- « anearable sum, because it has no other saeana wnh ^Wllcb to attain tbe triumph of its pre-way and Chatham-street, deposedam a member of;have baaa;Cinder:report.agoa similarscandalwouldthe control of Woodruff & Beachare all embodied in thei;weregood any specialput into the build-some." with the one he finds fault withIt is notlected as the place of residence for a part of the year;^atanlgn war and ail Itsattend- should have fears, even when there is no particolar are TeraOmaaaefealastrongerthan stores usuallr are I consider ;in this theirtwenty-iMUpaid anal-o*» trinamb bat the*?*J''g>*»*^ downfall reason,foralarm. Theycannotgetridofthecon- thatasIt Is the fate of engineers, (andlot differs from that of other professional men,) asof his ^W^; In he place* hlmaatfwho werethe place of dla- naee aaf tnttmy reserved for traitors, and hope* to attain that unliaimy celebrity wblch ao often darkenswasthemanIhad ontrialtobefi GaUaaher got reman,swlU milk ex- i jMst-aisrttmthepuss of our historr.dition is most unhappy.of the des- all, It is bound In ecclesiastical chains. The;the aad lanoceatIt Is tinies of tbe nation, and I am well aware of the res- ^the anthorttles will publicProvidence basponsibluty that rests upon me, now that we find our-protectignorant, and thus remove one of the proUAe uausse.,placedme at the headliberty(six stories)where the are so adjoining buildingsthat wan wh> I appolnte-l Mondayselves In so grave a crisis. I am not:iyt* represeatativ* on so solemn an occasionspirit of which the Pontifical vengeanceparent—withthise with the additioaal regret which was regarded as a modelneither age nor my acquirements call me to be first In thefor returnedthe nntil Mr. £afitman came in the morningmilk of tha producers, why did net tbe ChatnDaaardsDt endeavor to save berwUeh I redeemed aa chief of tbe Government and:Bordner,of all its parts'to the acoomplisfament of its object, should have been whelmed in such a total de-Army, I could not reject It if tbe war,man hacTh is flnesrcatofi one day, and while he was feat through the raoet unlooked-fv,rto tbe doctor's. Jobs started the engine and broke some dishonesty of a subordinate agcnL And, under theexamination for T did he w- hisuelf Whytaking efaaraeter,sboald offer greater dangers and difficulties. The Dattoo hDn<»* me with its confidence God hasasinglegiveamethevictoryInthiscivUwar and1 ;;thoae who can be prophets after the fact, and discover abundant fault where a priori only excellence wouldtrust be noble, and tfaeiaase hcdy one—in the war for tbe independence ofbeento broken many cegsI then told him never toofthe to make Academy by refraininguse of Bot vme in tbe more just, tbe more; start it again wiubout orderaproper the results of these examinatlans—for not onewill (iTe itly euuBtifi for the defence of its religion and the inabout a week before tbeCHAS. H. I6<MK'prernlsfeosr great extent,Inpowerwhich sum we had the pleasure to collect from mem- Dr. PiacT's observation which he quotes c'But;the postthe reason for my being so particular on this point was that Mr. East-adaptationbut elevated togtoe without orders fiom Mr. Kastmanworthy of being1 feel that a structure before him, and withont the lH-teellnc amcogst thedble that tbe Government of ratify a treaty which violatesimmortalizedcutoff,In his Trait Lut. Among those who ings which adjoined it, thusstories than the balld-McCracken thought it would be safer toviag, BLAXiais, Wssxs and TstrBBSD fsr thegoad fi«k;>JMIe» badi equity—the most respectedof It itpexfecUy safe as it was; ;24,of nations—and which con- ialeteoarse into an abuse still motedltBtMefol thia tbs employment of force in anDrin ourMr. EdmundAll these things, and many mors, Tottr reviewer's vanity is leadiag hha astiay,foraee the tendency of the negotta- wholesaletica, aa|»ot give tlie least mottre or the slightest about »7,0C0 worth of"goods. He promised to call theExchangesvifferers by the falling and burning of the PembertonTmaiimtijfcsnlrtlaid out " transaction,bygivinghisnotecontingency not at all unlikely to occur In buildingsas Of ercTowded as we find this to have been. 1r con- duty waj to do whatever tbe engineer told him town. Verypretext MlbataipatstloD of harini provoked a for- eignwai^MtUabooldacoeptitwllboiithesitation ifwe would call thewe had bo man cmptojed by the name of Mills in yourrespecfully, &c.,iU to Intaded or ito tarrlttijror otherwise setUing for thetare,session,:SHERWOOD, J Liwaucs.Committee.degree'"Jr!"*5*J!?*^?S\L?!i'?'^^ "BOO ell good Mexicans,believe Iing the receipt5;""' ""^tT?;a uponwMfc tt — jUglceaaf^thehe could have told by at hla valve, which was directly over the boil- 1 think theovcr-presiure of steam on the boilerI have beard myt=rx. tf*T jtWthe whole three boilers when1 am mosttrulyhuf Pro "ctALi' Se'Ss .Usk w^h oor Character " Ovaasuxtaa, Jan. 1, ISM.IK Joral- am one of the firm of Ames & Moulten,tw^ "IbP»^>J»-fi,Str--> -ft*...•UI •-*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069right*prerogaUveapurchase. During theiliberatingalong time, following ver- night,;of excellence in the;day of ISGO February,man had not startedthe there would not have engineof a and "waste" the aiaaey angle specimen himself,foroe, it would leave in history a page brlgiit with the house he bad been deaiiuE with.tn the morning he returned to the merchant's store;to place Iron stairways, or some other approved could stand 230 I think toe cause of tbe accident was ceived. regret my delay acknowledging yours them, justly laysGovenunent, if we have to re- la naton there i»meanbythe bcavit-r prcfcsmt;I ampardon my seeming neglectmated the same byi«; .V***;* '"pectSd ind M-Republican ?SSLLia—I belleie we have not delivered you theserequest Coroner Andrew R. Jackman forward a copy ofthere were two in supply plpearepresent.Your obedient friend and servant.nor re- your«rength foltow together tbeapeo-preventtheirrecurrence. Thejurorsfurtherbanner tbat gi3f.,*M»«5i"*;?L,J:*i„"" present our- selves SiaSl^^m»Ollfl^nr,^BAcaa,X'^e',ox^ or eooqner*3rffWtt*ni1al which appears to menace airRepublic,leta*haw»oa»mnllshedtli« highestverdict to the Legislature of the SUte,now Inwe had two which?-ewer%-h" w-rk.-^ i„rhlvaak in return.WouU vour reviewer "venture««^^'SlR.&ON.I cannot but reaJsratificiSlaolfeel at tha documsntsciousness thatof thisaa is used In first class housesand the flues were four inches ItheamlnatioBs, microscopic investigations,PemgtaandthatIdidnotwanthimtobolldafiretintil afterfecSon, to be unnoticed and forgotten. Perhaps it is one of tfae faighestproofe of its excellence to be thiu by unnoticed. If there are any tfalnldng men, gaoswseevder, sensitive enough to imagine the suffering caused me in having my^me coimected atall withand oaoeaa-0/Waring, the question, is responsible, this serious loss of humanto collect ?!Monday, anlcss Mr. EastmaD was presentstrange,werereceived infaith andhave used hit upvided OS. And can the fall to that peopling the great continent of the West. If there tenants were in bed, there would have been nomost stone of and, if his Cheops,;unvlslted alsoby""""people perceive possi- they csa expect aothhur save disaster from tbe false is a cool cell among Alpine heights, where may be bility of escape, the flames having spread with such protests in fsror of tfaelr progress and happiness found shelter from Summer heats, jor some sunny rapidity.He anybody has ever applied before, and all that anybody sayswhich this Action makes ? ShaU It still be said asbefota tliat the country can never be happy withouttbe mle ol a toibolent Democracy, that imitates thelasti batjjMaef flie neighboring Republic? Its work- man, like a true scion of the English stock, naturally me to save the childinct bavs {resented our own Democrats In their true finds himself. In of or the hope of saving some of my things, but on open-is about to be realized against Its nationaUty.can no loager remain in the unceitainty which has noorished our evil passions, and the Republic should disappear altogether if It Is not worthy by lis conduct of tbe estimation of the dvlllaed world.and no fear of fevers shall hinderbins; I don't think the baker has bad or any hayThe Tiealy which hasCnu, according to the infbrmation received by thethe clock in the which made me remark tosouthern slope, looking towards Africa, where nostore soon after 7 o'clockyears imder invariable and as straight as when first erected, and that themors of Kappa Lambda and other secret cilquai^mid- Winter north wind can blow, there our;;Mr. East-it is enough to say, that theyw hose existence in the has oeea profession recentlypursuit pleasure Instruction,and in fact did not vibrate at all.here, 1 want you to understand that my had been far stronger than any mill walls ever builtso as cowardlyto hide himself behind an incatotta tSphinx.Among the Americans established in Florence forthat it is a of excellence in such struc- pointfounduntil thehall- way, 3 feet 8 Incnes wide at the entrance, widened zeai and troopa of the ITnited Stntei which will ruin the whole or part of the Winter, there have not been out to 6 feet after passing rearward some 25 feet thetenitorystiffness and se-oar potts v>d whli^ wiU help that Kepublie extend Itaelf over oar eountrr.;boiler;nesday night I don't know whether werecurity of the mill. That theformer of theseobjects:those who have by their con- hospitalitiesto the second was in the centre of the storywantingtributed In a very handsome manner to the enjoy-stairwayhall, and led to an entry communicating with a back,kept the fireman's namewas attained was shown, as just stated, perfectlyasment of the rest.evening reunions.of New-York, have taken the lead as host and hostessall the otherwas Jcbnthere just after the works were startedwas a had a at steam.well-bred civilities, a very agreeable cbaracter Is given to this American society established in the heart of a foreign land.usually.said he was. for he saw him the water in tryanylight uponsutgeot.themselves are offenders.with all Its twenty of nature and art, its con-poortheyPoor In bonds, and worst of;secure and runs with long aa their work stands per-geological:I it waa ahouae with the agreedtime.There is no "quibble" In the word "text-books."There bas been avariety of pleasant Mr. and Mrs. Jiazs Ewrwo CooLsr,:it not been for in the columns. It knowkJge forweekly serate, the Frescobaldl Palace has been the scene of tmusualwas deetroycogot out of tbe car and went down; the firat man I sawgatherings; fourBryantconstructedSixtkli-fOneone because the Chairman of the Com- single point,still continued. Thessleefertwstirta) at Vera Cruz was recognized by the and with music, dancing, and the interchange of consiructedln the same manner that houses of th^ McCracken "1S47 faUcd to furnish to Prof. Ram the Uad;:I: I then ahked him if Eastmsn was therethe estabUshment (sicompanyisthewas washe said Yea, and I saidwhichlastwas wrested from it by the treachery and merciless cape from the roofs.yearhonestlypeacefally won,consequently t^ordlnga^out fireintheboil- keepingIt soandnomeansofes-The evidence here closed, and the jury, after de- man got orders to itay on Thursday night allso words ol love and affection for his manychildren on"That the said FrederikaHannah his orders werenot to have to do with the eu- anythingCommittee of 1847 crilect the "facts and erldeaoa*bis lips— a new aries.the aid of his;that arecarelessness or appeal to Dr. CiAax for mlcroseopy without madarexhibited, byforeign mercen- A. P.presentedin thereportof I8SS IWhydidhaCaoslitHtloaal Dry Goeds. lbt\tEditoroftherino-YorkTimet:country-; if thethe full of the operationso frequently meatloned," d^uld any hst a baaasaw that that would be lotpoesible. asU^tiMdlfexleoii truly unfottunatelf It does not er for the gratification of his love of adventure, he ing tbe door I Pearce.there isanHe knotct that the w hole sentence Is one falsehood! Butthisinsinuationismeantnotcntyta'know b*W to iaiprove the present occasion which of-fers to redeem its honor and become assured of itsladependence, now that no one doubts the plan wblch are not sufficiently ancient or gigantic, he will see ' originated directly under my store, in one of the coalperfsetwillgowherevermanhasbeen. IftheruinsofRometbe flames were bursting out of the basement, ana Inin this country, they would have been overthrown by the destruction of the iron colomns.We those ofTo a Juror— li was atKiut half an hour after Mr. East* man came wh( n the explosion took place, as far as I can recollect.Fifthly— It is the united testimony of the most com- petent wi'jiesses that the rigidity and invariability of the floors were remarkable. It was clearly proved that the ran with a degree ofChairman especially. The Kappa Lambda Soeie^,him the African coast. He will bring away a piece of Cleo- patra's Needle, knock off a fragment from the top-fromEgypt, searchingshavings in his cellar for tbe past two weeks dt is ;Mr. is formedofsomeofthenoblestand Editor,the buried cities scatteredalongmostworthymenin the profession, bat It isadeae Society, electing only such as they please to partake of their hospitality. Dr. Psxst is not a member, aor is your reviewer. —invariably large,thebuilding nearlyyears agobuildingmy brotheraakcil him if Joe was there, meaning ;mittee of samples<t< Keip-Bork gimtg, Uimbap, icbniaro 7. liflt^^^ZL-^J^^.. .0^^---!: ^^l^^^'wu ear eetimtett wooldbeen guuty of dlshoaorable tricks.ter. The IlaUans wish toYeas Tom wlU b«tbe boilen and attheWoodruffandBeachIronWork,,HartfOTd,Cona.But Italy filetbe evening, whencityTaalOB,aadthatfigare4iso conaptcaoualythrougbout nobleaspirationsforaaIndependentnationalexistence gettwinigthotuhte,incfaaunstedowmneInto Itohoefccelmlyar;honledi,thaenrdofI sleoamdesthtiongt,heasn'd.iffekunlcogckreodom,sewnhselness;IwawshesntrucIkrbey- fibne-erDogicnmethese letters of Professors CLsaxnot in the of 1847 abe found in rMeri.wrHtAaTi.iT'B bosoikng,lean&dcthetrhatairsenmoatnty*the gkiilaiii atiosgles lor independence, renders a find a place.fellcovered coosclLntine^s, 1 was lying amongst a the boiiera; the fireman waa gone a minute aud came facts in that work that are not even meatloood IBsolaaaltomage to Truth, In preaentlng to the world la tbeit iraa Ufht tha principal directors of the bandhe was dead— of Italians no generous sentimentnothe firemen to rescue me, when a raan, inimrrudtatelyFlorence is becoming a centre of American society. The circle has every year been enlarging, until this AVlnter the number of our coimtiy-people baa been reckoned in hundreds at one time. On many accounts;wUohpanaltfj|(> WJIff-' 'distlnctloa In our civU discord thanthatof ipMoeooatryman and traitors. Prorldence the place is certainly most agreeable. It 1* not sowill not permit tbat the small number of tbeae latter large that one is lost in a fathomless vortex, as in ing No. 142 Elm-street, and was oreaent during thethe great capitals\;;wosfiaf elghtaaa three ttmes Iha one, by your raviewer's own naae*-theatres, both for lyrical and prose representations.I was sure that McCracken was there1 said be wasfather's Committee ofto thaaanty af Ikalr oovatry, by an Infamona treaty whichiaavia oalba brow of those that signed It an indelible most attractive cities in Europe. In antiquities it bakery ;that they had go:rightwe,observations by I.this season of Carnival—;tte maay •marfcoriraaaaB, How shall we regard this act!ow alHU WBWxpJain It in a maimer favorable to asiaapleaolltieal^urty? How shaU we ignore a per- ble interesting objects laid up In Its musetuns. In tbe tbe wood bins were burning;of review-eight of them are open. Intoyard, and my wife totheneighbors,passedarriredwhere Mr. McCracken lived fall of the Pemberton Millabounds—from Its noble twelfth-century towers, with so many rich historic associations, to the Innumera-where all the tenants kept their fuel, togetsomecoal he cried out in a minute or two that two or three ofwater and sand in thepjrtionthat I i&w"fidy aillh afpeais incredible among Mexicans THow fbalt w* aegiect seelBg tha nnmisiakable signsof tbe Aathor of MMdety t And how, lastly, csn we tion to its population, probably it is better furnished had no hay or straw in the cellar to use for lightingthe manner they were, no calculatloB or sdlowanecof strength would have been of any avail as security. Three columns were calculated to bear only one-those who had attended their rarious meetings. Ob its publication, only the name of the Chakmaa, whe had m fact done all the vork. was published, at the 1st- stancc of the Committeenumber, size and excellence of its libraries, la propor-I called " fire" and alarmed the tenantsIother portion of ihe boilerdicular boiler was against tbe shop where I was, theI had no other fuel but coke in said fraaitba beghining of this bloody discord, "He leries and lectures upon science, are free to all. The my cellar the fire waa discovered In the bin adjoin-being on the opposite side of the yardavoid ebUag the attention to that which has been than other cltv in the world. any;tiiat baa no reUgioa lias no country ?"Tha poWe la seldom at fault In judging poUtical; I lost all I and was not insured. possessed,reportregion around Florence presents every variety ofpartlasxabne all when their safety and Independ- beauty. In the most favorable seasons, it would not question and was present when the alarm of fire wastbat there was no other al- member of the Committee of twek aeaee a>« at stake. Their natural de>ire for self-be too strong a term to say that it is enchanting. It is this beauty, with wbich the city Is filled and en-givenon;In coDTiinon use in did not in thiscase building,How does vour reviewerh ai , ttielr love for thslrtachment to the manners and customs in wblch theyreport.Chairman did all the work ? the Chairman? Thistheir at- haveham Plightup, governmentpiiisiiiaaifamilies,Mr. Kastman said he frequently put macxcome from me. My invariable habit was to use thefca their desire for aand legislature that can tend to satufy all,placemeetingIn Stanton-street; onleavingmyapartment constructor of the building the steam Rot ;lowwould show tosomebody me, I have not the slightest that IS more plainly maiked than by an "I ?" Conldand mottacs of those men that, in civil discord, seize on the lataa of power in order to govern them. Since;the what tbe cause was; 1" all the fairest cities of the earth, none is so fair as;compassed, that inspired the poet Rooiss to say,the mud and sand seemed to be mixed clasp embracing ;the beam. aAlthough model of suchOfthem In a position to judge with certainty the spirit Florence.-' As far as the eye can see the hills are I heard a cry of fire, and looking down saw flames' in;myself and the oth- er occupants at once saw tbat there was no other the coaunencement of our lndep> ..dence the true ob^ with vineyards and luxurious vegetation. Indeed, method of escape than by a side window to the roofcovered with villas, and tlie valleys between are filled ject of tls; fhctlon which now sells its country has all Tuscany Is a garden.;building, and tbeywas never calledstrength. Long after all discussion of the system of cloakThese,like Itsgal-;part to see the cock, which was uptenth of theand Ij^nationality,awaiting; ;Fixed la theiratltatlonf^ Uir, having given themsalaaa ap to everyclass of axeasa and debauchery, which leave fear Florence has been talked about and praised a great when on opeiiing the door I smelt the smoke ; I told in the roof at thai time by which I could passto live In as to ex- haust the resources of people of moderate fortunes.reportprivate,having been published,theareMoore &:paragraph whereasftIstrulystatedsubsequentlytbattheown- ofI learn from Perugia that the Cardinalof that place is becoming much alarmed in view of about four years ago for Mr. Waring these tene-lastclauseoi^the verdictupon me, although it is stated in hypothetloal form, when so sufficient and manifest a caose for tbe disas- ter existed (which everybody koow* did aetaally pro- duce it) in which I acted na pait aad ccold not hare avoided by any care or dUlgeao* wUcb would not bay*beenmostunusualaadextnordinary. Asfarmean Prof. Doaaxcs.inexpUeable.WlUi^tlacaltlcsforsuchanegotiationevenac- thepreseiitpostureofaffairsInthePontificalStates. vasriyxClau Ktreabnt two ehaiaetertsHc aliwmrt anaeaiBnces. Dr.Paacrgivesmany,whichyonrcording to tlie testimony of the Constitution wblch It would seem as If he was preparing for a siege. He room and kitchen to each familyYlMei as well mthey iavoke, unknown by a large majority of thaeoimtiy, liis command reaoced to a most unimport-ant Iragqcal .of Oe Banabllc and without any hopeof arer mm»t tie pobUc will, the Government of attached to his doors. It is natural that these people deep,others can see by the eagiaTtatB. Profe. CI.1XX and Rii> are both qasiaii th mijhas ordered new bars of Iron to be placed over his palace windows, and heavier bolts and chains to beMr.the walls of the sUucture were 12 lachesArchbishopwork of tbe bouse No. 142 Elm-street:it was up putComparethe yaiions aaalysaa ;of the adjoining house tills marner.quite a number escaped inpintles,ofthe:AnJiCKMsa upon the bodies of ahie of theocovpylagtaoipararilyaStttotbeeoalbUaelTihtim.matruaiaBPWallelbyInqtieetwas holdescape, aadth* constniction ef theyours, re^keetftiUy, Naw-Taaa, Feb. A, IBM.bwuoiuilndeena,nt a fifty-borae powerpreeupioened and beilan atthem all It was useless to attempt leavingby;he saw, I suppose, that he hadhasY^es, Mr. Editor, during hiswe I am told, on good authority, that the black- out aay regard to the safety of Its occupants In casemailer GaaAH carried South between and $3,000Eastmanhave been found. Boeren, Friday,Feb.inference is drawn ftom them which is nots^edtj4,0flO, paid to him by New-York merchants for beingescapewere connected, the three boilers having only oneare " on his books aaway of the roof.;Eastman said hesoimd," is one of tbe piUart Caxsvia'a Churck, and who has been a regular attendant on his ministration for years. Another factI860.You will please find inclosed herein nave been done by the Committee of 1858. ur_.^_.anjut <|Miiiim Tbe BepaUio, aa well as its Gov- merchant, a few days sines, called at one of our the building, to have made provision for a lhe boilers had not been delivered to the Company, andDiAX SiE:to a - life,waa reported to i e by good authorityA Southernaa It was bisI left blm and Mr. Eastman about It ; talking1,779,New-York Com in aid of the time has not besn lost, for without the kaswlodge oiisfullyofspeak eminent mea;dry goods jobbing houses, andof those «- asd D Asowrnext and finish tbe dayclosloB,attention of the Leglsla-ALFRED BARRATT.iand the following colloquy, in between them.heightstories, for thethat1 water-cocks in each soil-substance,tookplaceof your presentthink on Mon-succeed innally omittingso many Important , ,^supr:in thedonewould n«t be ontilttey were finished. The fireman a bers of thesty the labors of others, I have confirmed their obssrva-and••;*B indepeadeat people are attacked. If It should night, however, he became anxious about his large and would recommend the enactment of a law mak- ] ever saw waa 60 poncda foUpresenting a legitimate defence against aiuust purchase, or rather about the possible character of LLg It incumbent upon owners of tenemeat buildings day and said he bad so pouudaAccordinglymeans of egress, on the outside of these structures. I found it ao after the eXplMlon, as Mr. Eastman had been there and tried bi:jof tbe 24lh ult., inclosing eleven hundred and seventy- nine dollars. (fl,179,) should have occasioned thewith Mr. Hastlbt's book, and tomeBima—(after tbe usual civilities)-1I ought to ask you a few questions before the bargain similar circumstances, Imperatively demands thethevalvesofthat were trailerofthe donation so generous in amount The question is stronglylives, by tbe de- *5«'?I!',"S.'*?fii ??'"'"=»' UndSncies, to unite haven't taken your goods yet I have been thinking lowed 6o quickly by this calamity, under preciselythe water-cocka whetherclosed, be mifrht have told by tbe heavier pressuresteam oomiog outof lhe ^uagea with more force it what though 1 have ywour,ked until between 3 and 4 o'clock level with Prof. CtASK ?•• Only so_ fJarura«s.hWe_isaai_hearing erldence ufaithfollythat he wlAed to «I»e his «werepreaent Aftercumttucea of the Ore, the effbrta of the Inattm to;aT*r- At- tached to It wax a recommeidatloa to (he Leclxla-Lieutenants—commonlyknownasDOkes— lure,askingtheenactmentofast&tatepreacriblar IKTE8T1OAT10VBVOKKOOKONKKHOBTOtfASH means of escape for the oceupaata of slnUar struc-Daaoeetimatefortheworktobedone,inthemoftView tbe crlticl^, and be has such Ihcis aa I require.Austrianpnd a consequent re^atabilsbment of the old order of tures In cai« of fire. No other bodies were foaudSItc and I lorougfa eomplefe aaaoer, tellbic lim thatInearly year calJeO to my w fe, and told oer to " Harry up with I reside in L« Kalb^ avenue:Italy(moketo escapebuffocated fortunatelyand I sUtreDlog-room:Le Wf-nt to the boilers aad tried faia To a Juror—}At. Horse's men were at work in the fa:-for facts and evidence ? And if the wm AcademyMl and wisdom. God la never Invoked are denominated Codini, or followers of the fortunes In my room, about twent7 minutes t>efore 8 o'clock, thecard-rcom, emiine-roosi and Kake-BhopMr. Easi-waa by the door in tfae plank-shop;;such extraordinary devotion(by Dr. Psaor) woaU Compare the seatescaJama Armstrong deposedthird floor I felt hot air coming up the stairway, andeyesIing in question, in room No. 13, fifth floor; I heardperceived a dense smokemy own apartments, and found that my wife andther stood in the engine-room till he opened the valves,;guage up 80. once;with me. But, after all, it is perfectly clear that the breaking of the flange of the pintle would have had a trlfilng effect, (owing to the mode of placing them in the beams,) and could never have caused a coliunn to break when it w as properly made.and a disappolBted, jealous feelingI told the usual way, and we decided to get out of the side window to the roof of the adioinlnghouse, a distance of six feet ; I got out first, and Mr. North handed me the womenthere are his and superiors,Nombo Z. De Frieson the first floor of the buildingmy wife told me that tbe house was on fire, and toldan Instant my kitchen was in a blazeI think the fireskuts areknow of to put on more valvea.25 feet Wide by 67 feet deep, and tbe lot was 81 teetIt wat! the fatatcotMr. Eastman that he bad awas fire in each of the trailers on that morninghad been fire under two boilers previous to Wednesdaycoon and then they commenced to heat up the third far as possible, consistently witk thedeep, leaving a vard of some 14 feet in depth a ;:there agreetures to reduce the number of the points of support asreport was complete. nearlyWaring plannedber of walls in the interior of the building, theyhimself;sentiment U made UD by foch tUngs, andfather'a report. It will bi seen byclosed. 1 want to know If you are a Black prompt intervention of the strong arm of the law, toC^ARSwilh the admiration Sfafthwer.;Lk of Prrofi.L-AIBirrss—Yes(with Southern emphasis.)nthe SdttOT Allow me towith the eminent and eloquent ^ rii^' o7n" w- Yo, k. Prof. J. W. Fa*HC.s, who,tutlonaldry gt^eds.";IwmI wish to know ifyou are In favor of a dis-;we conldpumpsgoods vet.solution of tliia anysappHed or three,»he three trailers;supplySAUNDERS. Ja.'.oftheNnc-YorkTtmuappeal in your valuable paper in he-Unkm andercircumstances ?ANOTHER OF THEas we pleased.Jo a Jy>ror—\ don't know whetherHirar W.j^ child of Tliomas Good, Rochester, was Seetinif of tirt Academf Medicine,Sauaa—Then, can'thavethesegoodsun- Sir, you:a checV-valve »o each >"llcr or not.der clpcumslsnces. without the cash. anya/r. »r, H. AmfM. examined emon-»tTe<t 1;I reeide at No.Exit the SobtlMan gentleman In pursuit ofCoostltnok placeburned to death, Feb. a,alone in the house^rt;'"half of aat the Ute iitastrous fire inoUeS* » as read, saiJ,thatthis session.":ei^h'rys praiseI>av»e:..ned him fame. I wouldgood building;;building:buUdUy, rendentLcoBseqoeat deprtvatioa of rest,to the clr-resided In the build-;I immediately returned towhen tbe ran to at there was fireI a deposed^? kept grocery;I went to the back doer withthat is the thicgwas opor down, he would have saved that explosion ;**not cu&tomary for the occupants to throw ashes IntoThe juror said he had asked at the boa<e where Mr. Eastman boarded, and they told him he had not leftthose cellarssessed in the world.shafting;I was not insured, and lost all I pos-perfection rarely attained. This would not nave been the case If tlie floors had been springy, on account of the dis- tance between the of thisthis stairway wasthe lime of the fire there were 20 families In the house; Greene- placethrough the centre of^the buildingit was constructed for 21, but one suite of apartments;at>out3.Vi fet t wide. but the haliwav wasat>out7feet; at:lamentable Ignoranceligures,Itbe firm of Moore A Bryant, and we did the mason-an sect Woodruff & of Hartford engineer by tfeach,analyses should have been thrown betterchemistments but little in their constructioning was rooms deep. In order to give a parlor, bed-twenty familiesthematerialwaausedIntheconstructionwhomwehadhiredthatday: ItoldMr.EastmanthatFtiMily—ysesmadebyhimselfthe space between the trimmer beams and flues wasusinging labor (or nine months, for wluch he eady aAa that:he had the entire charge of tbe engine and boilers, and was to bare been, until he had got the work finished. he had offered two weeks after he had finished, until we hadintbe:clear ;'* there were no orders given that ItheDr. PiEcr but for whole Committee, and for thathis build- ; it would containtogot competentwould take him some two or three days longer to com- plete his work, aa he had anexbaast pipe and a blow- off pipe to attAoh aad some other things before it wooldstaay and in houses of this elaas, owing to the num* be complete;;hoping by ills "n^i>niag satisfied theu. '*yee-wiabrd blm to eetioate what waa neeeiaan, and do it in the beat possible maaaer and not ts eat Ma estimatefoUowlng'-rngjljllll ••. left a boat's crew decisions, with however little prospect of success. If were doubtless her children, were all taken In charge Henry JackBoa, Jt. Flaoe. Joha H. Martin, olt—with three round water-treat boilers, each twenty- the Board of Health was furaishedstruggleinopoosttlonwell as those of four other:ready to risk the consequences of such a great act of Caspar Stortk deposedJaniMI resided at No, Ml Klm- stieet, In room No. 14. fifth story, at the time of theJ. L. Doraay,Jaoics Palvelt,engine Wnsoa. and boilers complete for operauoo—alt to -be of:U.O. Lines,Mr. East- man two me previous to this, and he ^ald he could tell do not remember another building staadlng so high me whether Gallagher would be a competent miui ioeight Inches,apart;muchlower,;duty,construction of be;one steam gnajie the steam ooald notbc abut off City constructed on similar reprehensible principles, from either of the boilers; the highest pressure ol ateam Mr. Eastman came up one he said then the trailernowInSmiththere wasonlytotbe numberof;edifices in this and one safety valveFREDERICKHENRY W. SMITH. iofthat did not state the facu mentionsd bv «*•••,*???!Uiat theirsuch otherservation of the llvesof the Inmates as the Legislature shall direct. Tbe recent loss of sixstruction of a tenement house in Division-street, fol-be limited to five precautions be adoptedand better pre-montiFcripi i»/bre them, did theELM-STREET VICTIMS.19New-of of whenpcor German famUy, who wer« burnt out Elm-»trcet, Inasnucwhile left during the absence c( the parents.Untitled Document;V^*"^"•TM""' "C^mnBttoo"BamTovTaavaBav.aAAutrlaabfWrth, aoughtte4, Ct. :bsIM v. umt tat Mrof Jaa. 17 there la aUbbS|«,v lis thtMM^unable l»malB» Ui iltiutfoa kaftwm iImUiIi, ImUtof Mtk : iM,nlb ver* twatra iaohei by 8. 8. * W. Wm>, No. JSaBroadwar-"WUt Boi aaaw ofboiler bonie: thnewuno other Mtimate except tbat upon Dr.she did not immediately follow, baring gfaogredman of tbe departaeot 1 w\m at the fac- Dotspite of the^eport of 184T, tbe Board ,j}f Health,the childrenstopped to secure ber box of jeweUy, but told me toIt them tiecaase 1 wanted it done $i.200;;makingone of but the smoke and heat were so flight slairs,was la the ftureniog-rooia at the time,great tbat I cou!d not go forwar<1I did see aqtI aaked him how be was engineofsingle great hope have sustained them—the Idea ofnational Independence and union, and the hope tbatthey would be left peaceably to work out to their fullaccomplishment ends so just and reasonable.is not without enemies among ber own cbQdren,whose turbulent will sad spirit of mischief add which was onlr fastened by a bureau In the room to passed to the room where 1 went to irork;;collectfactselapaedmade no replymy wife,only perbOD near me at tbe Ciice0|f this new CooimiOee but one iBdlvldaal (Dr. GaaMbefore I returned and calledbut ahe she waa then leaning against tbe wall In tbe hallway, with the baby in her arms, quite;he was abftut Ur. Ea«tmaa, the engineer, was the;(beexploeloDor threetiaieeat while Mr. the, taotoryfacts andfour feet from mecontract of Meaara. Woodruff & Beach;motiooiaES, and with her bead leaaing forward aa first mKo I saw there that mortiing be went into the the direction of;If the Board of Health was satisfied with theif suffocated; 1 had not a moment to lose, aa the twilerrootn at 7 o'clock, just ae I went Into the to raoulDg the engine.of 1847, why did they ask the Academy of MedlSia ""floor of theover thebakery,in roomhatter by trade; wasfactory, aud was there on the moroioir of the explosionnearly ;me, isstlnctlTely sought water gasKCsI saw fcim the cooks of the thre<try toryI went to It, andDELTA PHI. la not now made to the Roman Prelacy, with Its army waa festened to the roof of the nert house bat one, and said, "Mr. Ka^tman. you're got a good head Dr. Charlee Y. Ckate, examinedthePROTlESf at OtS. MIRAUON AGAlN;JT THE of pnests, and the many others who follow in their some 25 feet distant, I managed to escape by means of steam on this morning ;" he was taming and surgeon I reside in Krerson-street ; 1 saw tbe the Academy of Medicine had done before; aad Itopen;seeingof he did no more 1M7,my family confiialed of my wife, two children,Lhe cock to start the engine at the time ;the iteambodies ol men who were killedbuilding, directlyI remained tiand-avenuein this ::Resides on Myrtle, near Nos-gestlonsin Tatal^^<|, 0°^ country can no longer remain in of Austria. These tell yon that by and by everything door we cbserved fiames coming up the main stair- EKX>D as I left Iho eogioe-room there were 30 hatc«rei and Mr. lastmsn. Gallagher, and a gas fitter, whose ter containing the analyses of Prt>£, Rnn, but asftiasIn such volumes that there was no chance of nikkers staadl"Dg in froot of the bi^ilers '^ver the engine- nsmcJohnsaw McCracken paasImme-Austrian Influence will be fully restored, diutely there was a rush through my apartments of work to these batters, and at that tine Mr. McCracken I suppose the fireman was Gallagher; he said tfae water tie to Dr. Piior asthrtnring proviedIn tbls way I ;out of the window with mygot young-outafter Bt«t>pea them,below the the fireman started towards tfae en- erthtehernglclnoeseerdsoanied,]o"f ltafatehdatamtpherwayto teoagcohVo"fsinglemioroseoate and Ratn, there lamy children and the child of a neighbor were left In the room, but both were subsequently rescued by a fire-us, however, were Injured at this time one of ;back when the again,manfrom the time of first hearing the noise, until it became nece&eary for us to leave the building, scarce- ly three minutes elapsed.Michael McCarrick deposedI resided in the build-the exp'i08lr>D was all over ;Ipassedlnto tbe yard fromthe make-shop, and met Mr. CoUman, foremin of the what it was aboat;my room was No. 8, third floor ;myself were alone in my apartment about half-past seven o'clock, the other members of the family hav-fillingMoCracken wasroom, and that he guessed he was killedup to the luina and called to McCrackenaround to the front building, aa there was no hole;firemy wife and;'stantlymy fire in the oven;;;;few engtneen in the world would that a tice." This is the very saying mineWiUiam Adr/A deposedwas closed; I did not say at tbe time, bataa anythingmarna of than this was needed. greater securitythe hall- way and a dense fniokedid not knowm> brotner sent for Ur. Kastman, and asked what was;•;but nine months before itit would hare been impossible for us tobyI occupied the base- ment of No. 142 £lm-stieet, on the north side, as aIithen^re turned and found McCraken's body outit toAcademy of Medicine as it stood, baFerdiTiand Festoniere deposed:;my went down into the cellw, atep-fatherto the boilerthe main of tention to the portionprincipalfacts shown in theevidencemittee he could ;onlyrelate the:1 resided In thebuildingInsoon asIaawUr. Pearce 1 shoved it to hi 1 n; wh&aSecondly—The use of Iron pintles, (connecting theChairman alone did the workarable making1 occupied room No. 15 on the fifth floor ; going home about 7h o'clock I discovered a great deal of smoke in the hall-way ; I did not stay in my room a minute, as it was so late, and 1 had to attend a; 1 bad no other conversation with himI think the sand which I saw in the boiler got there by tbougfa;know that tbe WhotoUdimso? Did report of 184" is highly landed Mr. Pearce was tbe a pintle is mentioned in the correspondence, that and praised by your reviewer. Is there not egotism;easterlyboilerSastman thenaInvestigations of Dr. Cuss. With the ezc^tioB a(;the explosion;X went down and found1 then tbe cause of the ac^cident eonld not thought;;Thefrequant meettDgs, and finally presented a reporthave been the want of waterthe smoke and flames so great that 1 had to leave in- yard on the other side of tbe building to look at the;;of the disaster. Obtained from tha aad in source,a of the and all signed by majority Committee, byheap of rubbish,thoughtengineerdown thereport.emaebed wherewasI said they might not be aUrmed, as1 they were killed:escapetoe engineer acted cross about somethingand machineI -asked him where ed us to workof revlewar necessity your;fifty-two pages was in possessiaB oi theUiU Utiek to the tblrdesneottoaemamhH giMtar ttam tke otter UUBta. ud, ae-eordtittotaUMUmate, wfU ii«i faU sitort d^ipt^ MDSn aiMl three •torieMHnrxHM'*,***tfaa.rii*1>«fkrtBeatlo«,ttenfw*,bfir*.;;;;inference from them or from the;:• June 7, ISM, requested the Academy of Hedleiiatook betveeu seven and place tialf-pastevidence," and te request, appointed a CoBBittM t*eight o'clocktblog unusual on that morning; llr. Goteinan wm the1a minute bad not at the doovopposue the boilersat this;Academy",;ae was tiader Mr. Pearce and Mr. Watrous in relation'and Mr. Coleman faide by mytold him to deadenthe fires, be was wastiDg too much fuel aad steamaaI gotupmske-Bhop: 1 could not get out, as the building was allof 1847, which contained some inclusive of the letters of Professors Cuaxplosion:pageselghtaea asbd;; with that the engineer pulled down the poker which was Laoging upon the valve, and said he did not wantreportRxn>, occupied the Committee seven mnnthi.aliiiiiiashe said he did no: know that they my brother then followed him down to the engineshown.] That was tbe position of the boilersthere unless they had safety-valves on each boilerMr. Pearce said one valve was as Kiod as three; they got into an argument about it, and Mr. Pearce asked Mr.Eastman what -he thought about the valveastood six mill, absolutely;ftor Mr. Eastmanpublica careful man would be safe thf^y got " tbeyMr. McCracken then said to Mr. " if explosionIt iscertain,iftheyunil after t«n minutes after seven:under Thursday night or notth<^y!lookingercaused the explosionone boiler, which supplied the water-cocks were openalmosteveryhope you willself and those whom voustill behind in my labors.;factory theguagepoints support. Although distance was somewhat greater than usual, all willthe fires were under the boilers on Wed- keptCOB- material diSisreaae Mill would in the analyses and examinations which he has pab- lished from those made In 1847 by the above gaatla- men." Tfae insinuation here Intended is unworthy of notice, excepting to show that it is false. He shows a of for if the rarioos;; 1 don't acow his other namecan doubt that the Pembertonpractical mun, and G. L. WaiTotis, exsmined; 1 waa in the time of theexploaion;1was auperiutendant of tbe factory whichguardmade by Prof. Rim are examined tha side of those made by Dr. Fssor, they will t>e foundtn tbe car. at 1 heard a report—the conduc- tor said it was the hat factory which had blown up Iman to takehe it charge thought;the before I aent eyenlng the explosionas ociBloa ofmy feUow-men Is InfiueacedMr.McGrackcn.Hr.Burke and myself ; also John Freeman and a fireman named John Gallagher,good;were in the effice when I stnt for Mr. Eastmanfor which I believe thefaim$90. Dr.Pxacrrecordssomaof KadlclaetwodajaMr. Eastman's opinioners all night; he naiil it was a giKxi planofdeathamongstyoungchildren. Mybtherbaa Free- this most disastrotiB calamity, they can also sympa- never even expected reward. Vnth all the facUMaawb'.re t^.•was not present at the tuae of ths exp'.9#tonrwnerst.fthebuUdiOBexplo»ion;;1860,of tbe SOtb it j«st now re- whereas, Mr. Hariist's tioneer"some of tbe valvea being oiost dwater in the boilers— that was the only way could ac-I in and moeh stressopen ,*hf.'"'JJr2:;Mt Dsax Sia:Yours;of the old one was placed upon it,at ibe time of thetKiiiers; be then wt:nt into the engine-room, and I they were potting on safety valvea or notgu»getime;;;explobioD laoD't know whether satisfied, (and the minutes show were wbvof steam at thatinto the card rooa. anr4 from thence to thereceived Cornelius Hall, swornsixty poundscardenicf room for hat bodiesthere ; I thenhy Injuries boiler.It. Dr. ^ _;; ( then retarned, weat through;employedstood in front of theEbeard the sound of the ex-[It Ehook the building; 1 then went into tDeThisdepartmentbe said he saw bim in the engine-gotdoor to call John Farrell (deceased) to come to workMayor.; I was about to leave the house also,and a of the has been deserved. my wife I would go t^wn and find out what the mat- through: I went ai far as I. conld into the To Juror—tbit conversatioa was aboat seven o'clock. " icathtefyd"oecvceupnitehdat time is btit aa ThatIts means of<ha aniMriMtty of 4llsclpUse and valor in tbe loyal these could be easily exhausted. There Is no end of and we managed to escape from the building by the was, and McCracken is in the ruins ;" he asked me ifplacesoccupy,amusement,better,brother in at " crmingthe case until to-day tllii o'clock. THE LAWRENCE DISASTER.Your next " rerlewer accusesDr.Piwiofwhich thryreturned and metNostrand-avenne didthinhappen?—wasEastmanhere?"Isaid Heinstruc- tbeybaxidbMMWatlengtheonTlncadthatneither tion,arenumerous.Indeed,ItdoesnotseemasIf wifetocomedownmying gone out;twenty-ooe "t~pthi less than nine months.ter wasI then the door oa;some uf the tenants heard me, back stairway, which led from the second story to;he said, What's the mUter?—; Ithentookmysistv,whowasnearlyfrantic,foUowlng:Secretary. Itwasnotareporttothe aad Academy,and saw thatit had blown through the wallI then went into the the main part of the perpen-top I went to that tbe valve bad struck the fence and bent tbe cock over I found the valvethe waterin new boilersup with the water in the boilervery the week before the expkflion through;;;itself,;;length Ing they whereasthe;;*egotism."Heseemstohaveoverlookedttafaeithrftold Mr. Caatman he hadaKood head of stnam on, he columns of one story with those or the;made no replynext,)it was colaofrecoiection ever having .seen it, and I know that vanity, jealousy and baseness use more direct means; B^r. Eabtman stid tbingB were all right? " "tbe matterthen my brofber f poke to him, and aaked him if hiscx>lunins was ended, the columns andtracted (or and purchased by the owners of the mill,;would have applied in my place.; I ft.«ked;;Farrell,thatescaped : don't know waited there until the foreman call-:as con-One would think ftat "dictA. Storch. Mary M. Storch, Flora Storch, Charles G.Storcb, and four other Oodles, to the jury unknown.came to their death In conseauence of bums receivedat the deBtruction by fire of tiie tenement house No. of the cogs; on Mr. Eastman's return, he said if Free- circumstances, such men wlU not sympathise with peal to Prof. Rain for analyses without making trial142 £lm-atreet, onof fire. It having been utterly devoid of any means ofthe 2dfurther find that the building was constructed with-stances, owner of theopinion,afteregress by the main entrance had beenana were speaking ab«ut the the trailers myaelf way3,those gentlemen? did he toDra._8nK Why appealas It was two higher bye*^ upon infants, without makinfartapB observation of Lis own from facts which were In alapreventing escape by In consideration of these circum-Pearce asked Bast-following correspondence Nxw-You, Jan.::exploaion.Mr. McCracken, Mr. Pearce, Mr.BIGBLOW. TBK CHABITIM O? THI COIN XXCBAKOE.safety-valve;have a safety-valve on each boilerTheHon. Daniel Savtidert, Jr., Maytr of Lawrence:man what be thoughtPearce said If It was necessary for safety, that it would Bank certificate of deposit in your favor, forthought he never beard of such a thing as having a safety-valve on each boiler; Mr.one or two ttcrc wasD. South-street,:theforwarded by;tiont") refers entirety to the observations inent; chemists, Biaisurs, Gir LossAC and not in the least to the reportw* •muIm toCia»M. aad uked Ua with Mr. r«Mt>/7Mttto b^•MUlwW •oAmir^I«stutb*• taUdlncbartr feet" HadthisraviewbeenaerltieiaaoftksH Iraaa-maiocttom the weM end tPthf^aSM^g tloag 8«Btcird. it isreaders be induced topay famXtj rlalt, and extowltothei^sMie pe- ed Mr. CampbeU beeuue I bid oonBleape In represenUUon aad injnstica tbat any penoBfor tbe Mr. Bajlee nt tbe coatract ander thenupcct that tbe rerlewer bad at « upon ths i; IdoolkokiributtaacatheBy inaertiof tfae abare you will muck oblige I teat (or Mr. WoodnUT to eiU oo aa at ear ptaee 9t in tbe usual way of sataU miads.Coroner HetTovcommeaoed an Terday. atlXotLockP. M. Tbedown one so aa to oolUr,As reviewer says, the first yourwork oa this s<*-Into the cause of the late explosloa la Sanford-street, yes-make Ibem entirely aafe asdtransmlU»d to thaw. D.;report, andOwing to severe sickness in the &mUy aW Iharight, whiteTer ibey might coatan well-kBown scianttfie and ardentmate. (t6,2S0.)aQd wecloaed with bim, he to agreeing;boiler 20 minutes before the explosion;again tbe moment bis band was taken off the pokerthe report of 1858, containing someow joimied h;"my weigh-ont," aswentin andwe term it, preparatory to going to workWherethenis thestating a falsehood in saying after monttais.'' As the new wasinto tbe plank-room, near tbe doorofoldshould be entitled tofortick fiy near mebreaking weightapprehendthatas a matter of which was laid before the Board of Health. U is niedleas to tell tu thauponforpraising ofaTOVEKDICT OF TH«evidence" rtrflmrl meetlDga and visits, at which Dr. Paacr acted;Hunar, Omthe engiae andlxjllers had not been I rectived no other ectimate for that work;Ma^;delivered to us at tbe time of tbe explosion, as it was notofofTet isct:mpteteothers called on as and offered to do it forI did by parties in 1 was twice Eastman was patting up the engine, (he last time was on the day be-lore tbehe said he woald bare all finished in a (ew days Eastman bad exclnsive charge of the oader the;he gmre oa hit etti-ject wasBttfMilt, by Mr. R. pbUanthropUt a<patent sdf-renlatingoat-Duringthe reoeotagltattao OBswill-aiUk, by Mr.J. C. Wcod,Thenamesof the jurors liaving beea called, aad first qoality material, of plain bat good finish, and traosacUons of the Academy ooatalnlag tha taportaCgetferred; I went tbrowlng extreme censure on me, I wish to call at- couldnot—hehadno to—use or the Com-there wasbefore them. la the firstAllow me here to "aquote paragraph your;it isbad castlag of tfae iron columns was tbe main cause(Committee," meaning that of 1847,place,:abundantly proved that theer'shadbeforehand todetermine itsoneself than is supposed editorial Your reviewer again says,here shown under thaof the FourfWy—In regajd to the solficlency of the walls, writer, so marked as to make one believe tn tbe ra-man said i:'my broihcr then said, Aheagine'r on the >orwalk bad known whether bi« valve mill was far more free than osual from vibrations, mind be guilty of such slanderous inslBaatioas, and!;tfae most unlooked-for weaknessI reaide at No. 71 Fort is very easy now for any one to suggest remedies;Mr. Eastman wasthey ple^d,regard to the pillars.ral and sweeping a censure as that contained;;than Prof. Bjob or Dr. Paan—I eithersuch a defect, and to le,<fn>a lesson, first,asfar as the bytbem,ImustDeartbeloss.Ier - 1 cannot aay wbLtber Eastman could tell by trying day of this week I mailed to you a letter acknowledg- presented to them ?conntfor it;there were threenecefsityinquiry.night,I your-aspirations^Surra, Esq.,York.Pf a?neii', ^btst'Jexplains Itselfof swiil milkFeb.rtM""^ regf1,father. Dr. Pa present answer these unfmiaded ohi.theicine was also furaished withthantheBoardofHaaUhaal their death was caiued was only Ignored by them all beoaatt then wi» •:1 amaphysiciantheClssx, for Prof. CLASKwaa a membM-of this j^v cominlttee, and was consulted frequently and his sww*ditional light upon the subject theyimportance they had to the chair-be- sides a number of microscopic drawings, oociipledmyreport was but an Individual" reporttiu other vt humble, truthful and dignified, acknowledging thattoits oetmaeaee; and^ second, against lu ef- analyses byers thelmill had the to make contracts IfthatwouldbelikelytobeofserrtoetoOn carefulare struck with the very manif^ unftimess of tha:examinationreport wabeYour reviewer's next observation is worthy only afhimself. He says"With so much prudence, and fesseely, not to have made anythrownewtbethat were made about tte same Uxaa by atheyFrob sa.rafsrenoe report of 1847 that Dr. Rsin made six analyses ofisls, and to which the observation aloas " book doesa.^ked by with thanks for tfae same. Al- "WUl Dr. PxscT 'cnti.re w place_4.TM»r.Academyover 1 .000 visits made aaMBKmade tnr ProCreaarttoOa nilk, www.fultonhistory.com 