 *rwhich will be necessary to carryforward improvementsnst the sympathies of every heart.. The destitutionappears to be in the navy-yards, provided 'Congress shall deem it 1860^ which prohibits the purchase of patented' articles tached to it. Ih; December, 185:/, Flagtffficer 'La- ests there, and &* rendered very agreeahlo by the at-NEW^JQB&^RaiLI TKaBIME^ WE©KESIJAYi »E£EMBEII??5; I860.llatO l l » We*rft<»rv $oflid«ntly atrong to e«nvfac« the people that ficlency; and I, therefore, recommend that an appropriation may did not at the same time entertain the insane project of in her. treaty with Spain of September 23, 1817, by foreign Ministers, Jfartatifa JM&>, B; W ? > Q€n' York for this station. The John Adams sailed fromMaMajiuuwwddb*bopvtew,•*&a*the- aame tiro*tootter them hegrantedforthispurpose. . ' • v* ponJeo for pa»t ©SWOT** od condition of immediate «abml*«ioit J should do great injustice to the Attorney-General were I tol ; Yabolishing the Navy; and if they are to he maintained, which for the consideration of $2,000,000 paid her.by*' CushinJtnV '-; ^^l^m^^fMJhg^ip:: the grand demons- Norfolk June 1, XS5at amd after many dekys*rrived at• • t h e Govenuwut. Tfcia pattev w*» panned -with eminent auo- omit the mention of his distinguished services in the measures « ^ i ^ theonN#»o««^«-regret i» the heajryexpenditnrore- adoptedandprosecuted byhim for thedefenseof the Govern-they should, as a matter of course, be kepf^in a state cf Great Britain, Spain stipulated to abolish the $lave- tratmns'S'ade bn the re^rn of the Province of'Buenos Hong Kong April 28,4860. Tbe^ «ogifi«w sttfled from practicalefficiencyforthe.purpoeesforwhichtheyex- trade.between'AfricaandCuba,itwouldbe effectually AyrestotheGreat'Confedeitition. FlagOfficerSands SanFranciscoMarch8.andarrived at ShanghaiMecy ist. There is no tenable middle position between tho suppressed! If Cuba were to pass under-the Cohstitu-. proceeded with• tlm Pulaski to Maldonado and rejoined 12. The.Dacotah failed from Norfolk June30, and maintenance of the navy-yatds in the best and most tion of the United States ,by annexation^ the: trade the Congr.ess. . . . " , ... ; - ; has probably arrived on the station* The Cterufcintewi efficient condition to accomplish the objects for which retnrned to the United States in April.ajrira* to m»rch avtan* dejarhment of th* «rnyrto*that remoteMelon, and to famish U »oDai-itcnc*. L tab i» now comparativelypeaceful »nd qniet, and the military fore* ha» been withdrawn, nia, nurporthag to jhave been made by the Mexican Government•XMPC lhat portion of it n«c«**ary to keep theJndiant in eheek, y * V protect the emJjcrtuxt train, on t&ir way to om PacifichayUnt maiwlm*-.*^,Ipron>i»edtoemploymyheatex-t» of pro- , . « B » 2 t o ^ M t r « a f f a n c * which eonld only be gradnoliv conect-I appl S S f S l ^ ^ t o t b " **** froBa t h * »>*iri»ak>g, andJ^epjwteSenU. Th« rwolt of onr labors in Una good cause?fmeprevious to the treaty of cession. The successful opposition tote the anm total of onr expenditure for the firrt" ^ T 3 «»J«r«««oe of the wxtraordjaary expendi- can be devised, I would recommend its adoption.steam to propel ships of war, a great variety of jpatent- and on the 21st of February, by order of the Depart- cy, by removing and excluding abuses, and obtaining cd articles have, in the construction and repair of a ment, assumed' command, as Flag Officer ofthe*^J?L¥•Zl7^2£ X 2221^3^22? S»the.Uuhexpedition, addtheVervtZ2SS82,L^c^*^,.b*1.*w*h*tv'*",u,a • « " 1" deemed corn-S i Sf? S ? ? ^ l f w b l ? ; ^ « e « * - 3 Showing a liberal margin of•3,500,000 for thU reduction, and for other causes, it may b*. Earitan,* and United States, and vthe line-of-battlc-clasges in public employment, earring a subsistence by ency, without trespassing on all sides upon modern Vincennes, Commander Benj. J. Totten, sloop of war•nghtto be the prayer of every Christian and patriot that such •xpedttion* may never again receive countenance in ear coun- try or depart from our shores.state of steam navigation, could go to soa with a rea- sonable degree of safety.shipmen and the crew of the ship, with sleeping and mess apartments.'.partments of the Navy; and hAve recommended thatwliich it is maintamed on*'the Africari"coast.The Sau Jacinto was sent to Cadiz to be docked and the navy-yard at Mare Island for repaiis. Capt* Cun-no more repairs than she is now receiving.Of the new steam sloops-of-war of the second class, peaad ODOI>toe power of tbe President Immediately to assemble four, mounting each two 11-inch guns, have been emin-In my last message 7 gave wamiug that, In a time of sudden nd alarming danger, tb« salvation of on; institutions might de-are in excellent ordci) with the exception of the* Adl Cvngrese-to meet the contingency.TARIFF.•I t is quite evident that the financial necessities of the Govern-planofkeepingashippermanentlyattachedtothe ingJohn N"Maffitt,andtiesloopFalmouth. withahowitzerandsmallarms.Duringthedaythe Academy as a home i'cr the fourth class is highly ap- Lieutcnant-Comniandiug . O. H. Berryman. succeeded Portuguese and natives were' engaged in conflict, a nd proved as.a valuable addition to the means of instruc- by Licut.-Commanding Charles Thomas, which, is per-ment against numerous and unfounded claims to land in CaHtor-these claims has saved to the UnitedStates public property worth •many millions of dollar*, and to individuals holding tide underthem to at least ani equal amount.in n ^**<?'**representedtome,fromsourceswhichIdeemre-liable, that Um inhabitants in several portions of Kansas havd been reduced nearly to a state of starvation, on account of the almest tptal failure of their crops, while the harvests in everywould then also beeffectually suppressed; and in either The Mediterranean Squadron,is commanded by Flagthey were established, and the absolute abandonment case both the United States and Great Britain would Officer Chas. H. Bell. In* the course of the year the. \ „ • Hartford, in November, 1Z59. received omr of the navy itself. be spared the large expenditure of treasure and life to steam-frigate Wabash, Captain Samuel Barron; the Mmj8ter; Mr; Ward, on board, conveyed him to Can-Brandyv»ine, Potomac> St. Lawrence, Columbia,the sweat of their brow, should receive somewba't patented improvements. Something is also due to the Marion, Commander ThomasW- Brent, steaiAi slooppeared on board, retnrne^ in September to Philadel- theCustom-House,andtootherexpedientstodefraudtbeGov- theStalesfromcxertisino;anysuchpower. NoState perfectconfidenceinthecorrectnessoftheirwork. specialserviceinconnectionwiththeCliriquiSurvey-V b e y are thus enabled to nndervell tbe folr trader, and drive This transfer of power to Congress .on one hand, and hito from the market. In fact the operation of til* system has total abnegation of it by the States on the other, cre-a remarkable degree."AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.During the past year the suppression of the African slave-trade has received attention, and the work has«Jready driven from the pursuits of honorable oommeroc many pf that class of regwlar and ron*Hentlons merehanta, whose char- •Oter, throughout the world, i* the priifo of our country.ates the strongest possible political and-' moral obliga- tions on the part of this Government to provide andestimate for that purpose has according been submit- ted. 'The remedy for these evils is to be found in specie dutfos, so maintain a naval force adequate to our protection. been prosecuted with vigor. The following vessels his Consulage for safety, comphiiued to Communder Ja* aa this may be practicable. They dispense with any inquiry While we have a pojMtlation of thirty millions of engaged in the traffic have been captured^ and sent in Poor of the'treatment he had received from the revo- tat the Caatom-House into the actual cost or value of thearticle, souls, a sea-coaAt ot wast extent on the At- for adjudication, namely: the brig Delicia, captured lutionary troops of New Granada. Commander Poor •sad it pays the precise amoant of duty previously fixed by law. lantic and Pacific *OcsaVns, a navigating inter- promptly gave him a passage in the St. Louis to Rio T h e y present no temptations te the appraisers of foreign goods, est of five millions of tuns—an annual export, and December 21,1859, by the sloop-of-war Constellation, - Hache, and on arriving at that port proceeded to in-'who reeeive.but small salaries, and might, by uudervaJ**tton in Captain John S. Nicholas, off Kabenda, on the coust aa Jew cases, render themselves Independent. " import trade of. six or seven hundred millions of Africa, and sent into Charleston; brigantine Vir-Captain Cadwallader Riuggold commanded this ex-Besidea, specific duties best conform to the requldtton in the of dollars, and a home trade not less valuable, itsnore fallacious. Grvat Britain glories in free trade, and yet her the Government, with its present means, can affordWhole revenue from imports is at the present moment collected them, speaks a language to which we are not at lib- and seven were delivered to the Marshal; briff'Fal-. a system of speclifoic duties. It is a striking fitct In this erty to turn a d^afear. To be able at any time, at mouth, captured off Porto Praya, May 6, 1860,1^ themmminctlnn that, in the c^rameretal txvetr ofthe 23d of January. short notice, to throw a powerful naval force upon any sloop-of-war Portsmouth, Commander John Calhoun,2360; between yrance and England, one of tho article* provide* thatffjsae ad valorem duties which it iiupoaea absU be coaverted .Into•aaactti duties within six mooths from Hs date, and tiicw are toThe Saratoga has been stationed most of the timebefore Vera Cruz. In March she captured the steam- vers Miramon and the Marques de la Ilabana, .which had been pui>cha8ed by Miramon for th&siege of Vera Cruz. A fall report of the capture was made to Con- gress at its last session* She returned to Philadelphia in. June, and was put out of comraiswon.In the month of June, Lieut. Com. Maffitt, of the .Crusader, rescued the French hark Solhle, with 450 coolies aboard, from her perilous condition on tho rocks of Cay Verde, for which he received the thanksofthe French Government.In July, Lieut. Com. Craven, of the Mohawk, en- and commerce, and of American citi/ens^ and. their United States stonmer Mystic,.Xieut.-Com'. Win. !£. deavored, to eave the Spanish brig Bella, which wasprenevatiou of peace, the. efficiency of pej^otiation, the into New-York; brig Triton, captured Julv 16, 1860, wrecked on Ginger Cay, and afterward took her pas-general advancemeot of our commerciai ihteresti), the by the United States steamer Mystic, Lieot.-Com. sengersj crew, and part of her cargo, into Matanxaa, The Wyoming arrived at Panama March 27, having observations was attended with great labor. The taskfor which he received the thanks of the Captain-Gen- touched at yaqjaraisoi Calko and GuayaquD. hi has been at length satisfactorily completed by two dis'-tinct methods oi' investigation, and the results tabu- April she relieved the Levant on the Coast of Nicar- lated. ;'K ascertained bv making an average of the prices for six months a constitutional duty, but one of'the safest, most be-The Cyane having been on the Coa?t of Nicaragua;thisincidental protectien decreets when the manoJacturer iit moat, and increeaes when he needs it least, and consts- t» sliding scale which always operates against him. The iaee ef the- oowatry are aubject to aindlar fhujtastaon. Xn« atteed of approaching a steady standard, as would be the case nn- «W a aystexn ef specific dxtie*, they sink and rise with the «*ni- Ssod rirfne prioes of sxtHwi in foreign conotrfos. It wocld heMMealt forCoarrem toarraaroasystooofsjxsoiacdtitl«« •rUeh would %8*id sddi'.lou*! stabUtty bo*M to oor nrvuonv aad f fc«atif««ror«^ aiid vriihout injury or inja^ioo to a*iy iutere*t of tbe ooBXrtrv. Tbis xrdjbt he aocomptisowl by aso«rtaitUn« tbo mrvrmxe valai of sxy grren arMr'.r for • strrios of y^n at tb* •faceofexportation,andby riwply courntbit tnoratoofWm. E. LeRov, on the West Coast of Africa, anderal of Cuba and other Spanish authorities.Africans on board of them, ait' due to this squadron— Gallaowiib important instructions from tbe-Dcpurtment Third; Tiic refractions and corrections to -meangiven point where our interests are threatened, or the vea of Amerioan dti/yens arein jeopardy,,is not onlyand sent into New-York; bark William, captured off the coast of Cuba, May y, 1860, by the ILJS. steamer Wyandott, Lieut.-Cbmmanding FabiuB Stanley, anda revision biis been made of ail the observation* to de- for some months, was in January-ordered to Panama,, termine the longitude of the Observatory at Santiago, and iu March to Mzws Islano, for repairs. In June aud the results have been tabulated aud are ready for the printer. This revhi.m conduBfvely establishes the fact that Valparaiso, and, probably the whole coast of Chili, as laid down on the best charts (those of theshe was dispatched to the Sandwich Inlands at the re-quest of the Secretary of State, to inouire into the ex- Second: The mathematical processes, for (he redac- penditure ofthe fund appropriated for the relief of tion of all tiie'meridian circle observations have beendestitute A metican seanico.. Having -performed thi* perfected, and incorporated in the introduction of vol-aasevfon* to that time. The reverse of the proposition would be neficent, and salutary power* thut can be intrusted, sent into Key West with her cargo of five hundred andaseaaer to the truth, beea«*e e much larger amount of revenue seventy Africans, of-whom.fi ve hundred and thirteenwrmM he collected by merely eonverting the ad valorem duties to offiei»J>haiids under a rer*>bli<'aii form of govern- were delivered to the Marshal; the Bogota, cap-of a tarttf into eqnivelent apeeiflo duties. To thi* extent the ment; nod I eanoot permit tie present occaeton.to pass- tared off the coast of Cuba, May 23, I860, by theaawesme would be increased, and i s the same proporttost the roe- ars&o duty might be diminished.she proceeded to.tbe.Gnlf of California to supply the place of the St. Mary's'.-Specific dutiea weald secure te tbe American manufacturer * eaWjuiitsT paa>teetion te which he is fkirly entitled under a reve-jasse tarififfand to this surely no person-woeld object- The it ofthe motive power of Bt-eam. jsssai m of the existing tariff have gone faTtheK, and in a liberal•oarK have discriminated in foror of large and useful branckes ofSMBTaaaiiuzacturea, not by rahslog tbe rate of duty upon the im-asssrtatioo of similar article- from abroad, bat what is the same Inmmrntj by admitsing articles free of duty which enter into theavfMDpceitlon of their fabrica. .~"fj»der the present ayvtem It has been often truly jemarkedMaffitt, and sent into Key West with her carge of five hundred Africans, of whom four hundred aud eleven were' delivered to the Marshal; brig Thomas Ac-horn, captured June 29, 1860, by thean error of much importance to navigators.withoat moat earoe<itlf rece»tnendiirg the jiolicy of agradual, substantial, *and. permanent increase^ ofthe U. S. steamer Crusuder,Lieut.-Commanding John N.TheLeN'aut «riled in January from Panama, forRealejo, and relieved the Seneca. Returning in M«vy, Briiioh Admiralty) are 4 4-5 miles too far to the west;Navy, aceompankd by the universal introduction intoSuch policy isowscntial to tbe protection of our coast*property>on the ocean and in distant countries, to the Le Roy, at Kabenda, on the Coast of Africa, and sentdnty, Commander Hunt has probably returned with The necetiairy preparation for the reduction of these her to Panama.Ihave/therefore,presentedanestimatemadebythe whichtheyarenowsubjectedtomaintaintheirpresent slbop-of-warMacedonian,CaptainN.P.Xevy;;wie ton,returnedwithhimtoHong-Kong,thenconveyedBquadrons on the Coast of Africa. .. .; PATENTED ARTICLES^so general that it cannot he rehoved by private contributions, expedieut'to resume its former policy, and to prosecute for the use of the army and navy will he found injuri- vallette returned with tbe Wabash to New-York. teutions of the Governor and Captain General andher portion of the country have been abundant • The prospect gChief cf the Bureau of Yards and Docks, aud. to be * found in his accompanying report ofthe expenditure'• •"' "''•'' l -Vp/pre them for the. approaching Winter is well calculated to en-«. The provision in the act of Congress of June 23,ous to the latter service. Since the introduction of Captain U. P . Levy was left the senior officer present; other officials of the Government. He «port« thatour commerce and our countrymen redding at Manillas^a&in the Philippine Wands are fully protected by tb< I cordially commend to your favorable regard the Interests of for,expenditure a.full equivalent in labor, the. navy- steamship, become of daily use, and in many cases of Squadron. The Macedonian returned to the United lucid aiithorities of Spain, and that m no part of theand they are in such indigent circumstances as to be unable to purchase the necessaries of life- f<rr themselves. I refer the sub- ject to Congress. If any constitutional measure for their reliefit during the next fiscal year.With a view to insure the greatest practical efficien-«M»rja>oTjnt 01 the <y>r»tinj^nt <-xTX>n**« of COBKTCMduring thi« the people of this District. Thoy are eminently entitled to your yards have recently been placed under a uniform sys- indispeneiDlenecesfity. Patented boilers, surface con- States in July; . v . ; >• ^"sV. world are they on a better footing. In April the Hart-g r i o d . T h ^ o greatly eaeejeded the pay s^d mU^e of the tejaobers. *or the T*AT ending 30th Jun*, 1S.%3. while tho PITconsideration, especially Hfaee, unlike the people of the 8tates they can appeal to no government except that ofthe Union.fli02 i £ S?2S?3£^r *5 JM? **"* tbe.contingent expeiWa»»ae^ $*,a93,3^"K>,andforth*yearending30thJoneVl859,VWIethe pay and mileage axnoanted to $859,093 So", the contin-g«M.expeiiaeaamennted to *1,431,56578. I 'am happy, how-***£t© beahleto. inform von that darings the laatnxcal roar•ndteg on » t h Jane, ;s60, the total expeadjtnrea of the Govern-• '. . •Wtukmfton, December3,1850..-tem of organization, applied equally to all of them, densers, friction thrusts, governors or. steam regulators, The Iroquois sailed from NewrYork January 19, the ford, with Mr..Ward, visted Swatow, a port JtutCopened JAMES BUCHAKAN. whichseemsto bewellcalculated>tocecurethese ob- steam pumps,capstans,air isorts,boat detachers,gal- SusquehannaAugust 24th, and the Richmond, from toforeigncommercebyourtreatywithChina. Asthere jects. Theyare"commandedeachbyaCaptainofthe leysorcookingstoves,ventilators,steeringapparatus, Norfolk,October13th.TheSusquehannaW«aordered hadbeensomedifficultyatSwatowamongtheChinese, Navy, wfib has authority in the yard analagous to that lanterns, logs and leads; vulcanized rubber, salinome- to Vera Cruz and temporarily attached to the Home thevirit was well timed, and was deemed beneficial ofthe commander of a Ship at eeai He is responsible ters, counters, hydraulic jackB, water guages; and Squadron. "She sailed'for the Mediterranean in the lat- to our commerce. In May she left Hong-Kong forthat every man do his duty. He has the power to dis- many tools for manufacturing machinery and driving*»er«tinallitsbranch*.—legislative,ea^ativo,andjudicial—ex- tb pu ,ic wormissanyonefor.neglector>misconductexceptnavalanddrawingbolts,areofthisdescription; AndwhatSIR: In pursuance of the provision contained in the officers and master workmen, whom, in such cage* }t is is true of the steam machinery is also in some measure gier on the coast of Morocco. She thence proceeded to various phtces returned to Shoughae the latter part oi1 £ * ) J * ^ { . * ^ <***>*• * r«<*uc*<i *© tbo »nm of $55,40-2 - •103 46. Thi*ooncmsively appears from the hooka of tho Treasury.BEPOBT OF THE NAVY DEPARTMENT. * NAVYDEPARTMENT,Dec.1,1860.Shangbae?touching at Amoy, and in July conveyedter p^ofrOc<^ber;rt*-i«g*TheIroquoisinFebruary...visitedTctnanandTan- Mr.WardtotheGulfofPetcbili,andtouchingathis duty to report to the Department. In order to in- trueof the armament. A war steamer built now ac- the coasts of Italy and Sicily, where she has since been August. '..; I •. : "•" .g g i » the year ending on the 30th June, 1858, ih* toUl expendi- Naval Appropriation act of Jane 22,1860,1 appointed sure capable master workmen, they are required tohe cording to the fashion of the past, excludrngall modem employed. Durmg the boinbardinent of Palermo she Inc. John Adams, in May, was dispatched by Flag-We, «rclasi»e/of the public dnbt, amounted to »~tl,90l,U'J 77, a Board of Officers, conastiiio; of Commodore Geo. W;. examined by a boardof naval officers, who must report' patent; improvements, would be an antiquated • g,i,t h, a tvf*o>r* tiheyyweuar ending 30th -Ja~n.ve-. 1.8^66. . to $66,34<>.226 13.1-afforded protection to American citizens at that j>oit.Officer Stribling to Foo-Choo, to remain there untilrW5a«ll«*t*'.efilr>oSw«>joks»oerfthfelTrueMaaTnrrnyrtsKhonw*£a*n..a.e«t»n_a!l-*-•—"aditareof Storcr,CommodoroS.H.Stringham,JohnLenthall, therajfullyqualified.fortheirdutiesbeforetheycanre- object,farbehindthepresentage,andasfnefficientasfurtheroirders.CommanderBerrienreported!June £^ 2 ? £ ? J £ £?"J 7*" O * * ° * 3** «. ***» facia* Naval Constructor and Chief of the Bureau of Conetrac- ceive their appointments. They are immediately re- it would be_ antiquated. The best modern patented M. Fi-ailey, sailed from Boston in October "for the 25, that a fight was then going on between the CantonThe store-ship Release, lieutenant Commaitding J.. v j ' J " f o r the contingent espenaea of Congress, there sponsible for the workmen employed under them., and, improved boiler will make a saving of 18 per cent of and tbe Chiuchcw men, and that at the request of Con-h e 0 0 n tb 11Jwn«r*7<r,*et*<,fir,0B;i ^ ^ ««>ouat the stun of «4,396,009 2«. tion, Sec, Samuel Archibald, Engineer-5n-CLief, B. P. therefore they have the selection of them, subject to steam. To dispense with all patented surface condens- Mediterr.trjean. with stores for the squadron and con-* « ^ ~ * r * ^ P < > x , J t rf 5W0.0D0, appropriatea by the oot of Ishervroed, Chief Engineer, and B. P . Delano, Naval tributions for the sufferers in Syria. _ Instructions were sul Gou.vencur he had sent up an armed boat, and was iyetereary,19S0"fortheparpoaeo?sopplyingthode*ei*»CT theapprovflloftheCommandant; anditishisdutyat erswouldhewantonextravagance. Toarma:ship- giventhatthceccharitablecontributionsshouldhosent preparinganotherto.leavewiththenext.flood-tide,i t h e w e n o e a and defrayin* tl5e e x p e n d of thoPost-Office Constructor, to examine the sailingghipg of the Navy, in all times to limit the number to the necessities of the of-war without a modern patented invention would give from Spezia to Beyrout by the release or. by one of the lSoir thfet pmuifrtp(oMs«e ro,f rpwrvo.t«e*cMt?in<gr aourr <cVoui»ntlryvrm»^e.n OanTdiA oOther•rtooentfor <he y e w ending the 30th Jnne, 185&" This .service." The duties of every officer in the yard are great advantage tcrtbe enemy. To prohibit the snilor a ^.ijft?**9!?*^?**1^ chaxgraWe to the year 1X9, mast be de- order til determine the expediency of converting them•aetedfrom th«>nm of *5&.848.474 72, in order to ascertain tho into efficient war steamers. They proceeded to the specifically defined by regulation. It has been the ob- the use of his seanllesspea-jacket and cap, would be to^expenditure for the >earending on the 30th Jane. I860, which ject of the Department to improve and elevate the con- deprive him of the comfort'of some of his light, warm,M!veaa.batenc«fortheexpenditnreaof that year of *65,4e3,465 navy-yards at Kittey, Charleston, Brooklyn, Philadel- dition of the master mechanics and other" civilians, most durable and cheap, and nearly water proof cloth-Jft. The interest on the public debt. Including Treasury notes for phia, and Goeport, and examined the brig Perry, the and to increase their responsibility. Under this sys- ing. To withhold from him the use. of American pa- officer Wm.Inmau, ha* consisted of the steam nloop tend an embassy to a. civilized Power, the UnitedS ? i S ? S .fi2?*1 T.*?2:*""5*-?*" on t h « 30t^ Jn««. *&0, amonnted te tem it is impossible that abuses should exist' without in-, tented desiccated vegetables, would take from him a San Jacinto, Captain W . M. Annsrrong, now com-States were selected to receive it, and orders were^3^-1,314 62, which, added loth* above sum of «55,4C2,465 46 sloops-of-war Dale, Preble, Vincennes, Vandalia, manded by Captain T. A. .Dornin, the..sloop of war given by this Department to FJag-Officer I'atmJJ otMake* the aggregate of $tt,3W,?€0 08. ? ' Jamestown, Saratoga, Germantown, Plymouth^ Cum- volving thecommandant and the corpsof naval officers portion of-his most nutritious and acceptable food. It Constellation, Captain J. S, Nichokis, fclcop of war the East-India squadron to aflbrd it a passagela one of• " * t » depertaaenta for the v*** ending 30tli June. 1860, were berland, and Macedonian, the frigates Santeo, sometimes be the/case, that a few men ofthe laboring ship-of-war, having anything like Udual modern effici-^ R a n g b t in joatk-e to he observed that several of the estimates under his command- Even if it should happen, as may is impossible to build, equip, arm, and provide a s'team- Portsmouth^ Commander John Colhoun, sloop''of war tbe ships of the squadron. Accordingly, the steaxn-more than an equivalent for the labor,of their Hands, inventive genius of our countrymen. It is within the2£?7vrJ?!E?tf4 t h n t thf> ", , m <* *61,OOO,0OO, or st the most* shipe Alabama, Virginia, Vermont, Ohio, North it would not by any means be the greatest evil that memory oi the living when the great inventions and. atoga, Commander Alfred Taylor, the steamer Sumter, and set sail from Yeddo on Feb. 13, i860. Having»«>00O,CO0,t« amply soSicieiit to sdminLiter the Government«»d to pay the- interest on the public oebt, unless contingent. Carolina, New-York, Colnmbns, Pennsylvania, and happens under Government, nor be a sufficient reason discoveries which have almost revolutionized the world,•vents should hereafter zander extraordinary expenditures ne- Delaware. The brigs, sloops, and frigates then,at eea for abandoning convenient and necessary-public works. This result has been attained In a considerable degree by the have not been inspected by them, but as they foand by All history shows that the clans of working men dolieutenant Commanding James F. Armstrong, and the touched at Honolulu, they arrived'at iku Francisco onMarch and the 31arion in October. The Mohican Roanoke, the flag-ehip of Flag-Officer McCluney of the MIMfo contracts. I have n>y »eli ne.ver interfered with the award the records ofthe Department that in form, dimensions, and if. Goyernmeni never sufiers pecuniarily except by The act of Congress of March 3,1847, Statutes at sailed from New York January li*th to kin the squad- home squadron having been designated to convey, them«> exercised by the appropriate departments in entering into not usually receive too high a reward for their labor;2 r * ^ ? f?0*1 ^ t r a c t except in a single case with the Colonixa- age, and condition, these were similar to those they them, the extent of the injury will not be alarming. large, vol. -9, page 172, section 3, exempted butter and ron, aud the Saratoga from Philadelphia Novembertte» Society, jJeenjlMgttacVisablf! to cast the whole responai- NA V AL ACADEMY. cheese purchased for the Navy from the operation of 15tb. from A.Hjinwnll to the United States, received them on Idjaity In each ease on the proper head of the department," with had examined, they 'included all in the same opinion. The Naval Academy', under the superintendence of the general law winch requires contracts to be given The vessels Of the sqnadron have been actively em-' board on April 15, and on May 13, at Hampton Roads,the general instruction that these contractu should always be The result of their report is. that it is not expedient to ployed, and for most of the time near the Congo River, a*ren to the lowest and best bidder. It has ever been my opinion Capt. George S. Blake, is " in admirable condition. to the lowest bidder. The act of August 3,1848, vol.«»s* the pobuc contracts are not a legiticiate source of patronage introduce steam power into the .brigs, sloops, and frig- Twenty-five acting midshipmen, graduated in. June; 9, page. 272, Section 11, authorized the Secretary ofthe where.the slave-trade is principally carried on. The* • be con.erred upon personal or pofitical nvroritea; but that In ma nth oases a public officer la bound to act for the Government S » a prudent individual would act for himself,XFR1CKH gLAvTC TRAT>E, AC.1» hrwith great RatUfaction I coxaxounicate the fact that, sincetransferred them tothecbarteied steamer Philadelphia, which the next day landed them in Washington.'disqualified, and 99 were examined and admitted. page 592, authorized the purchase for the use of the home, and convey them across . the Pacific to Japan, !Navy of particular brands of rlourtin open.market; viously extended. ' but noip% of her machinery faib'ng after she had been aeadsu against the crime of setting on foot military expeditionswithin the bodts of the United States, to proceed thence ficient steamships of war of full gteam power.- Titeirexert a salutarv influence on the minds of youth de- lease was obtained upon reasonable terms, and the cially for his use. buildings repaired by persons attached to the ships.The visit of the Japanese Embassy to the United States was preceded oy the Japanese war steamer Knndinmarmh, sent by the Government of Japan to signalize their approach. She arrived at San Faancisco on the 17th of March, and proceeded soon afterward toates, but that it is expedient to introduce it into thone fective to permit itj and by razeeing them to convert20tb parallel of north latitude, instead of the Ioland of«jbe diiferfaut Central American routes, against sudden and lawless and Santee are comparatively new, and can be used witness the examinalion of the classes of acting mid- osstbrtsaks and depredations; and also to protect American mer- as frigates. The remaining six, as they shall require shipiren, and to inquire into the state of. the policeamant veaaels, their crews and cargoes, agaixiat violent and unlaw- repairs, should be converted" into into sloops-of-war, discipline and general management of the Academy. mi Mfdzate and confiscation in tho ports pf Mexico and tho South They have made a favorable report on all the subjectsbased.?ly extended by-the C&ptain-Gcneral of Marine.*The American bark Orion TO captured by the Brit-XLSCTJON OP MEMBERS OP COJtCCRP.SS.I again recommend to Congress the passage of a law in puxsu-EXPLORA TIONS.penditure to keep them fit for service, that itjvill soon see of tb« provixions of toe Constitution., appointing a day cer- be advantageous to replace them with new vessels..The act of Congress of June 22,1860, authorized the President to send some competent person or persons win,jP>reyioustotbe4th of March, hi each year of an odd uuai-y « j for tne election of Jtemresentatives throughout all the States. They are not large csough for store ships.A sJmiiar power has already been exercised, with general appxo- Tne seven steam frigates, with the exception of the sWtion, in the appointment of the s$a»m«e day throughout the Franklin, arc *$y afloat, and are receiving repairs TJ«ion for holding the election of Electors for JPies&ent and that will fit^Hn for any service. No steam ma- Vice-President of the United States. My attention wa» earnestlythe MQgtjeggee Stales composing the Confederacy were without completed. . ', .M*Tre*entaUve*, and that, conoequentK-, these fifteen States Oi the side-wheel steamers of the first class; the Sus- would be disfranchised by such a calL Thexe fifteen States will quehanna, Saranac, and Powhatan can, by introducing h« hx the same condition on the 4th March next. Ten of theia•aauiot elect Representatives, acrording to existing State laws, screw propulsion., be made efiicent and economical until difierent periods, extending from Ihe b<^iintng of August war steamers. The other, the Mississippi, will be worth Meet until the months of October and November.W. H. Gardner; the steam-sloop Powhatan, Captain Samuel Mercer; the steam-sloop Susquehanna, Cap- tain George N. IlolJius, which has proceeded to the Mediterranean; the frigate Sabine, Captain Henry A.for trial. . • •on the lands'of the Chiriqui Improvement Companyj the chantcter of the harbors of Cbhiqui Lagoon ana Golfito; the practicability of building a railroad acrost tfaid Isthmus, so as to connect said harbor*, and gen>drrected to this aubject tr^rof the fact, that the 35th Cocgres* ter-xoinated oa the 3d Match, 13», without making the necessaryappropriationsfortheserviceofthePost-OlhceDepartment. IWa* then forced to consider.the best r^m«*ly for this omission, class, five are at seay and their performance has been tout an ixmnediaie call of the present Congress was the naturalOfthesix^newsteamsloops-of-war,ofthefirst- ^«Mort. Upon ioqviry, however, I ascertajr.ed that fifteen out of satisfactory. The other,Tthe Pensacola, will soon beragut, succeeded by Captain V/ilham S. .Walker;' the Kiteinbo. on the West coast pf Africa. On the first "of iu the c^rditional contract of May 21, 185%*made byThe sloops-of-war built prior to 1840, and the brigsBainbridge, Perry, and Dolphin, require such an ex-health, nud having been on the stationtwo yearsin com-mand of the eloop-of-war Savannah, he requested to berelieved, and in October was succeeded by Flag OfficerG.J. Pendergrast. The squadron in the course ofthe hun, mates of the Orion, were accordingly surren-afterward departed for Japan, .chinery has JjWr*- built for the Franklin, and the en- gine* of therMfciTiniack should be renewed.In March, I860, Commander Brent, commanding the sloop-of-war Marion, was in«trumen+alin saving fromwere unknown." •SUPPLIES. Poll THE NAVY.steamer Mystic, Lieutenant Commanding Wm. E Le arrived] at Panama on the 24th, and the next day wer*135 candidates were permitted to bo examined for ad- Navy specially to contract for tobacco without adver- Department has rertricted the cruising limits to theThe United States steam frigate Niagara was detailed ahips-of-the-line, except the Delaware, now too de- mission; 36 failed to present themselves or wore found tising. The joint resolution of March 27,1854, vol. 10, Madeira, in latitude north 32^ 30', to Which, they pre- to receive the Embassy at Panama, on^their returny » « a t o o f m y last Annual Message, not a single slave has been them int<> first-class steam frigates. While the present The measure adopted a year ago of placing the fourth All the*e provisions were repealed by the act of Con- The removal of the naval depot from Porto Praya, short time at sea, she returned to the port of New- imported into the United State* in violation of the lawv prohibit- steam frigates.of the Minnesota claes, carrying mixed claes on board the eloop-of-war Plymouth, attached to gress, appreved June 23, i860. - It is recommended in latitude north 15° to St. Paul de 'Loan.do in latitude York, and was afrerward detailed to convey them ing the African slave trade. Thi* statement Is founded upon a batteries of 8 and 9-inch guns, 40 in number, cost on the Academy, has proved entirely successful. I have that the repeal be repealed, so as to restore the former sontb 8°, has proved highly advantageous. Every de- home by way of tbe Cape of Good Hope. Embarking »OTOu»h exandnation s^d Investigation of the subject. Indeed, caused the frigate Constitution to* be substituted for the sirable concession was made by the Government of•*» JKf* "which prevailed some time since among a nortion of an average $725,000 each, the cost of converting these, law, as otherwise it will be impracticable to. provide• • J f»"Uc»r-citizens in favoc of this trade seems to have* entirely 8 hiie-of-battle-fchips into Btcam frigates of the same Plymouth, and to be anchored in tbe harbor of Anna- for the Navy butter, cheese ana flour which will bear Angola for the establishment of the depot at St. Panl.class would avernge but $3S3,000, and when thus con- £oii8 for the accommodation of, the fourth class, i The exposure to hot climates. : The sailor also should be All stores for the squadron are admitted duty free, while l«l«ocongratulateyouupon-thepublic sentiment which now vertedtheywould,intheopinionofthe Board,beef- istofic recollections associated with this slip will permitted tohave his favorite"tobaccopreparedspe- atPorto Prayaadutyof4per centwasexacted. Aon board that vessel on the 20th of June, they put to sea the next..day, and in Angnst had reached St. Paul de Loaudo, having thus far had a prosperous and agree- ablevoyage.and snake war upon the •pvoplo of unoffending States, wIth whom report is herewith submitted, and I concur in the voting themselves to the naval eervice. It accommo- MARINE CORPS, SURGEONS, AND •PAYMASTERS. The removal-of the depot to this place-has renderedlaw are at peace, in this respect a happy change has been eflect- measure which they propose, as in the event of war, dates all tho sections of the Fourth Class,' with i?tudy I have heretofore reported minutely the condition ofMscn.ce the commencement of my Adminl%tration. It surely no one of these line-of-battle-ships, in the present and recitation rooms, and tbe officers and acting mid- the Marine Corps, ana'of the. Medical and Pay De- the squadron more efficient for all the purposes forthey be increased and be made adequate to the wantsA Board-of Officers consistingof Commodore E. A. F. of the service. I refer to them now for the purpose repaired, and was there from March until June. TheIt would be a useless repetition to do more than r*fer, with••raest commendation, to my former recommendations in favor repairing. The Constitution has been thoroughly re- Lavallette, Cr.pt. Wm. M. Glendy, Capt. Cadwalader merely of recalling to mind my former recommenda- work wus executed well and economically. Everyningham, anticipating the wishes or the Department, *•promptly gave' her every facility the yard afforded. The Admiral,'captain, officers, and crew, wero appro- priately and comfortaoly quartered in the public buildr ing's until the Kandinmarah was repaired and readyOf the sailingfrigates, tho United States is not worthof the Pacific railroad—of the grant of power to the President to Ringgold, Commander Cicero Price and Commander tions, and remarking that nothing has rince.'occurred facility that, the Government yard and docks at th'eemploy the naval force iu the viciuity, for the protection of the paired? and would hist many years at the Naval•vea and property of OUTfellow citizens pn^ing in trsnait over Academy, where she is now stationed. The Snbiae Wm. Rogers Taylor, was appointed in May last to to detract from the considerations on which they Were Naval Arsenal near Cadiz could afford, was courteous-jAaoericaa republics, when these may be in a disturbed and revo- and finally into store-ships, and as such, would be UFC-fetionaryiconduicn. It in my scttkd conviction, tliat withaut ful for stores, and for protection in various foreign submitted to them." On their arrival at Annapolis, the He wao appointed in Maylast on the detachment of Flag cliued te receive. The Kandiuniarrah left the havy-yoch a poweT we do not afford that protection,to those engaged ports. . . flnthe commerce ojt the country which they have a right to de-under the command.of Flag Officer Joseph II. Jarvis. Helena. Under .the teiith article ofthe treaty between expenses, which Gapt. Cunningham,- however, dtfrfourth clars had already been examined to hasten Officer ~\\in. J. McCluney, detached on account of ill- tlie United States andtGj-eat Britain, Flag-OfficeV-Jn- yard for San Francisco on the 1st of May, and" soonoteph R. Jarvis; the stau'm-frigate Roanoke, Captain-with pleasure the progressive advancement in profes- to the Vincennes, and en herreturn conveyed to Boston the quality and[probable quantity of coal to be foun£[SQUADRONS.again for their reception. The Admiral expressedThe Home Squadron has, during the past year, beenish steamer Pluto, in the Fall of 1859, near the Congo, himself highly gratified, and tendered payment of th^ with about 800 Africans on board, and taken to St.their departure in the practice Bhip. The first, secondand third classes were examined in the presence of theBoard, and made a most gratifying exhibition of theiracquirements in the academic stuoies and in the prac-tical exerciees of. gunnery, field artillery, infantry tac-tics, and broad antrsmull swords. The Board observed Jear has included the' flag-ship Savannah, Captain dered, taken .to St. Paul in the Mystic* transferred the Isthmus of Chiriqui to examine and report uponsional acquirements from the lower to the higher elaps-es, and particularly the proficiency of the graduatingclass which has left the institution with a groundwork of professional education promisiiig great futureusefulnesstotheNavyandtothecountry.Thepolice Adams;thesfeiim-plocpBrooklyn^CaptainD;G.Far- destructionthepropertyofAmericanresidentsat.orally-astothevalueoftheprivilegescontractedforand discipline of the institution have been most care- the month they applied to him to eend a sufficient force ' fully preserved. Its records show a gradual diminu- sloape-of-war Jamestown, Commander C. II. A. H. on shore to guard their factories, apprehending" theytion of the number found deficient at the examination® Kennedy; Saratoga, Commander Tliomas Turner, andsince 1855. In that year 'those found deficient, were St. Levis, Commanoer Charles H. Poor; steamer Poca- would be destroyed by.the natives, who meditated ai.hontas, Commander S.imuel H. Hazard;• slocp-of-war attack on the Portuguese at that place. Commander 23 per cent of the whole number; in 1850,J9^ per* Brent promptly responded to the call, proceeded on cent; in 1857, 18£ per cent; in 1858, i5<J per cent; in Preble, Commander Thornton A. Jenkins; steam-sloop shore with several officers of the Morion and forty1859, Ul per cent, and for the first half 1860,10 per Pawnee, Commander Henry J. Hartstcne; the steam-cent. The grounds, public buildingH, and apparatus ers Mohawk, Lieutenant-Commanding T. A. M. sailors and marines, established a guard at the facto-Craven; Water Witch, Lieijtehant-Commanding Lewis ries, maintained it jtr.til the next morning, and thenreturned to the ship. On the 3d a signal wsa made wooden structure covering the gun-battery and maga- C.. Sartori; Wyandotte, Lieuteuant-Commanding from the shore for assistance, and Commander Brentently successful. Two of the others,- mounting each zine, which i.s insecure, and should be renewed. .The • Fabius Stanley, and Crusader, Lieutenant-Command- immediately landed a'force of fifty sailors and marinesoneil-inchgun,iareofleasdraught,andtheirperform-ance at eea has not been equal to that of the larger ves- ment will require a modification of the inritt during your present sel*?. Another of these smaller steamers, mounting •aa«!on, for the purpose of increturing tbe revenue- In thin aspect eight 9-inch guns, is expected'iu port, and will be pre-X desire to reiterate the recommendation contained in my lastajaj stem duties oa all imported artk>a to which these can be beerrremodeled and provided with a new engine, and Superintendent and his associates, and say that the, izens. The Jamestown retnrned homo iu February, the dctachmentireturned to the ship, as no further dan-aareperry applied. Prom 1or.g observation and experience I am is an efficient vessel. . institution has prospered in their hands, ana provides the Roanoke in May,.the Saratoga in June, the PrebleAmbrose W. Tiiompson and said Company witJt th< Navy Department. An expedition wa« accorainglt organized under the command of Copt* Frcdencl Engle of the Navy. The hydrographlcalnart of th^work was assigned to Lieut. Wm. JS\ Jeffers of the U. S. Navy, the topographical to Lieut. James St* Clair Morton of the U. S. Topographical \EngIneeWL' and the geological to Dr. John Evans, an eroinerli geologist. Thus organized, the expedition set sail frqui Norfolk in the U. S. war steamer-Brooklyn, Aug.13,audonthe23darrivedattheChiriquiLa-goon. . •; >The Expedition has just returned to Norfolk. I transmit, herewith preliminary reports from Captain Engle, Lieutenants Jieflers, and Morton, and Evans. These reports show that the harbors on both sides of, the Isthmus of Chiriqui are unsurpassed} that in the opinion of Lieutenant Morton, " i t is entirely practi- cable to connect the harbors by a line of railroad adapt- ed to commercial purposes," and that the coal found thereisofexcellentquality,andtbesupphyinexhaustk hie. Complete reports from all these ontoers I shall be able to transmit to Congrct.6 in a few days. I cannot withhold from them the highest commendation of tbe Department for the zeal and energy with whichthey have executed their respective duties.'Ihe exploration of the Parana, and of the tributaries of the Paraguay, under $he command of Comaadermanently stationed at Aspinwall as a store-shi}>, aud several attempts wei e made by ti>e natives to. approach tion as well as accommodation. Tbe Board of Officers • is armed" and provided to furnish protection to our cit- the factories to fire them, but were thwarted by thet w o annual meaaages, in favor of imposing specific- instead of ad pared for a more perfect trial. ThePocahontaslas record their high appreciation ofthe services of the guard under Commander Brent. The next morningeeo-»i»ir«-d tnat specific duties are recessary, both, to protect the The five screw steamers of the third class.recently for the Navy a high standard of general and profes- and Water Wi1*-'0 *n September, and the Savannah in ger was apprehended. Commander,Brent obterved a•JKvenue and to, secure to onr mani^facturiug interests that arnontttasf incidental eoconxiigement which unavoidably results from a chartered and then purchased, are perfurodng very eili-November. The store-ships Relief, Commander Ben- strict neutrality throughout, his only object being theprotection of American citizens. The force under his command cooperated witbn-similar one under Com- manderFitzrov,of the British stcanjcr Falcon,who interfered at tho reqweet of English residents.•This squadron has captured, during^ the past year, seven shivers on the >African coast) and reacued 1,516 Africans-found on. board of them.Tlie Pacific squadron, under the command of FlagOfficer.!. B. Montgomery, has consisted of the ateam-hloop-of-war Lancaster (the ftu% ship), Capt. Johnsional knowledge. I concur in these views.AsanabstractpropositionUmaybeadmittedthat ttd valorem ineveryrespect usefulvessels. At the end of their Thepractice-bhipPlymouth,.CommanderThomasF. andRelease,Lieut.-CoinmahdingGeorgeW.Harrison,faveans tariff. cient service on the coast of Africa and Cuba, and arejamin M. Dove, Supply, Commander Henry Walke,Steele* would, in tlw-ury, be the moat just and equal. But if the present cruises they will require some repairs and pro- C*aven, left Norfolk June27, with 117 acting Midship- have been more or lees employed in connection withaatperieuce of this and of all other commercial nations lias bably new boilers.aVuxtonstrated tha; such duties cannot be asweaeed and collectedvsithont great fraad3 upon the revenue, then it is the part of wia- The five eide-wheel steamers of the small class are«IOCD te report to specinc duties. Indeed, from tbe very nature of useful and efficient in peace and as dispatch veseeli* in Santa Crux, in Teneriffe, returned to Hampton Roads for Vera Cruz, to be the hag-ship of Flag-officer Pen-sua ad valorem duty, this must be the result. Under it the in* war; but no side-wheel steamer can be efficient as a on tho 3d of September, and spent the remainder of deTgrast; and the eloop-of-war Macedonia is fitting at,anrfttable consequence i s that foreign goods will be entered at less khan their true vsJoe. The Treasury will, therefore, lo=o tho dnty SHIthe ditterenee between their zeal and fictitious value, and to this extent we are defrauded. 'The temptations which ad valorem duties present to a dishon-that month in various maneuvers for instruction in Portsmouth, N. H., to join the squadron. The Sabine Chesapeake Bay. has been most of the time before Aspinwall. She has • Commander Craven commends the proficiency of the recently, by order of the Department, appeared before "While it is.tho dictate of sound policy to increase the first-class in navigation and seamanship. This class Vera Cruz. The Mohawk, Wyandotte, Crusader andwar steamer. .IN'OtKASE OF THE NAVY.ejat knpmter are irresistible. His object is to pas* hi* goods efficiency of bur present ships of war, it is equally so navigated the ship from Teneriffe to- Hampton Reads, Water Witch have been employed on the cpust ofRudd; the steam-sloop Saranac, Capt. Robert Ritchie; Thomas J. Page. kSa probably been completed. He ,the sloop-of-war Cyane, Com'r Samuel Loikwodd; ha<l reached Uruguayana in Aturust last.. It was hisistc-iitiou to extend the exploration in tbe Uruguay as« far aa the high water of September and October would allow; which, was all that remained tobe accomplished bytheexpedition. Themenareexpected toretnrrA. home in the Dolphin. Lieuts. McGaiyand Chandler- have already arrived!men on board, to make her annual cruise. She visited this squadron. The Mloop-of-war Cumberland, Captain the ports of Fayal, Cadiz, Fuuchal, in Madeira, and John Marston,- i* on the eve of H«ilihg,from >iew-Yorkihrwngn the Custona-Honse at the very lowest valuation ueces- to increase their number.aazy te save them from confiscation, la this be too often suc- The Constitution of the United States confers ona>eeda, "n spite of the vigilance of the revenue officers. Hencethe sesort to false invoices, one for the pnrciixser and another for Congress the power to maintain a Navy, and nrobibitn ship were so reliable, that Commander Craven felt phia. The Brooklyn has recently been engaged in Vandalia, Com'r Arthur Sinclair; steam-frigate Merri-'performing with accuracy the duties of watch officers. Cuba. The Water Witch, yellow fever having ap-sloop-of-war Levant, Com'r Wm. E. Hunt; tloop-of- v/ar St._Mary's, Com'r Wm. D. Porter; sloop-of-\varTheir observations for ascertaining the position of thevrajauetit. The hoiieat importer prodocea his invoire to tbe col- nnderthe Constitution has the right or power to pro-lector, stating the actual price at which ho purchved the artioles•hroad. Not »o the dish^nent importer «u d tho ageut of the fcr- tect its citizens or its commerce on the ocean or in for-aatfnmenufac^uTer. And here i'may be observed that a very eign countries, having parted with both by transfer- from their having been, during the last academic year, Minister to Mexico,.a passage from that port to New- Lieut. Com'g Jamea M. Watson^ stationed at Valpa- Commander John Rodgcrs, in his report of th«'He perceived a very grea,t improvement in the third" class of this year.over that of the former year, arisinging'Expedition. She had "previously been at Vera Cruz, and had in January afforded Mr. McLane, U. S.> proportion of the mtmufactwres imported from abroad are ring them to the Federal Government, in trust for the .so thoroughly drilled on board the school-ship. He Orleans, in March from Noifolk to Vera Cruz, and iu raiso, and thg store-;-;hip Warren, Lie-;t. Com'g Junius progre&tj and condition of tbe work under lis charge" igueu for sale to comauisaion merchants who are mtrte agents common benefit. That Ave must have a Nauy for pro- July from Vera Cruu^to Mobile Bay. In August she J. Boyle, stationed at Panama—both the latter slips on the results of the North Paufic and BheringaStraJt*»ployed by tbe manufacturera. In sa,ch cases no actual sale says " the very great advantages obtained by the- b«a been made to fix their velue. The foreign- mannfearer, if tection and defense—that we must have the means of junior, or thiid class, .over ihe first-cjafis; in practical sailed from Norfolk to the Cliriqui Commission. being armed"and provided for defense of American expedition, has given a li*t of the charts in the ea^b« Wt> diahonest, prt-psxes an invoice of the goods, not at. their continuing it in^ existence and of employing it—that seamanship, and their very superior efficiency and use- citizens. The Vandalia returned to the United States giaver's bauds; of those reduced for engraving; thoee'actual value, but at tne very lowest rate necessary t« escape de- the duty of providiug both has been devolved on the The St. Louis'wus employed on the Central Ameri- in January last, and tbe Merrimac in Fcbrnary. The in progress of reduction; thoec ready for reduction}tvotlon. In this manner the dishonest importer and the foreign fulness when prompt assistance was required,-in the can coast -until Juno; when she proceeded on a cruise to Steamer Nurragansett sailed from Norfolk March 31, those to be prepared for the engraver, and of those-zaauofac tur.r enjoy a decided advaniago over the honest merehant. Federal Governments, are self-evident propositions. management of the yards, sails, &c, exhibited itself in,the eastward and successively virited Carthagena, St- Domingo City, Laguayra, Curacoa, and Rio Haehe. On the anival of the" St. Louis at Curacoa, Mr. Da- vieB, U. Si. Consul at Rio Hache, who had fled from.arrived a* Valparaiso Au^. 4, and proceeded thence to already engraved and published. There will be re- Calhio, to Guayaquil (with Consul Cafisanova) and to quired to Jinish the work the sum of $11,672, and an.Panama.Tho Lancaster arrived at Panama December 6,1859.Early in April she proceeded • along the .Mexican aud.Central American coasts,' visiting ^a:i Juan del Sur, pedition from the time of its departure from Norfolk In Realejo, La Union, AcapulcO. M^liazatlan, Guaymas, June, 1853, to August, 1851, when he was succeeded and La Paz. andfin July returned to Panama. In Au- by Commander Rodgers. In April, 1855, I ordered gn»t, I'lfiK-Offi^er Montgomery Visitejtl in his fiag-*hip Captain Ringgold to ihe duty of preparing' his report.Cenatitution that " no preference shaH be givenhy any rwak. would be strange and unaccountable in any one to-'snp- ginian, captured in Congo River, February'6, 3860, by Sag, and required that the flag should be hoisted at the orders from the'.Departmefr^fo remain before. Panama tion for tbis objqct he was net authorized to employfaten of commerce «r revenue to the ports of one State over those pose that the Federal Government, in providing and the sloop-of-war Portainouth, Commander John Cal-| flag-staff of the Consulate and saluted by the troops.did pot reach lim until lifter lm arrival at Callab. She assist ance or iiicur.any incidental expenses. Memorials remained at Callao until Octoberj when ybe leuuncdto havo been preceutea to Congress from merchants andof another." Uunder our ad valorem system such preferences» houn, and sent into Norfolk; bark Wildfire, capturedajB to tome extent inevitable, and eomplaini* have often been maintaining its present Navy, has discharged its con- in the old Bahama'channel; April 26, 1860, by tho U.•wade that the spirit of this provixion has beea violated by a low- stitutional obligation. The constant appeal of Ameri- S. steamer Mohawk, Lieut.-Commanding T. A. M.It was accordingly done. The treatment, received from.'the troops by Mr. Davies having resulted principally Panama.from his individual acts, and not from those of an offi- The officers and crew of the Saranac, at the expira-cial character, Commander Poor remonstrated and pro- tion of a two years' cruise, were relieved by other-? al to prepare and publish them will require tbe sum ceeded no further. Leaving the Consulate in charge ofMr. Meyers, he palled September lSth for Pengacola,and thence to Vera Cruz.aW appraisement of the same articles at one poxt than at anothex can citizone coming to ne from all quarters of the A n tmpreasion strangely eoengh prevail* to some extent thatother* interested in navigation, praying that thechartj of Caijtain Ringgold may be published. It is estimated thaiCraven, and sent into Key West with her cargo of five apeetSo duties are necessarily protective datie*. Nothln« can be world, asking for security and protection beyond what hundred and thirty Africans, of whom five hundredsent to Panama—Captain Ritchie rejievintf Captain of $7,700, which I think should be appropriated for Kelly iu the command in November, LHi>?. From that that purpose.time until July, 1^60, «he wap, on the Central American Lieut. James M. Gilliw?, the conductor of the Astro- Coast, and then proceeded to ihe navy-yard at Mar6 nomical Expedition to Chili, has reported the progrese-Island for repairs. of the work durmg tho past year. In ihe-lirst place,maintenance of onr appropriate position among na-tions, and the prompt vindication of our rights and of sent into Norfolk; the William JUKibby, captm-edthe honor of the country, and Hhottld be subject to none July 23, I860, by the United States steamer Crusader, The capture'of five slavers, and the rescue of 1,603,of the ordinary vacillations ariaing from Xhe varied succeas of political parti©*.Iieut .-Cora. John N. Maffitt, off the Coast of Cuba, andsent into New-York with three'African boys on board; to that part of it employed Aarthe coast of C.tipa. .shipErie,captured August8,I860,bythe steamjdaces of all the tiaie and azimuth stars have been com-POUC'Y OF &{:SP£SDIXG REPAIRS.The poHcv which ha^ been pcreoed by Congress sinceIhe Brazil Squadron," under the command of Flag Officer Joshua It. Sands, has consisted of the frigateof Stitte to the-United States Minister to Peru. pleted, and that portion of the work on two hundred TheSt.Mary's-waBstationedonthoWesternCoast sheetsperfected. v • .„..•-••eleop-of-war Mohican, Com. Sylvanus W. Godon, offthe commercial revulsion of 1857, of curtailing appro- Congo River, and sent into New-York, after having Congress (the flag ship), Captain Louis M. Goldshor- ma, where she arrived in July, 1SS0. At the insur- Expedition have been jmbEshed. The 4th will" be priation* foruaval repairs, antl sn^pendhig improve- proceeded to Monrovia with her cargo of 81)7 Africans, ough; the steam-sloop Seminole, Commander GeoTge rection in the vicinity of Panama, which oocurivd ready for printing daring the present Whiten the'oth ments in tbe navr-yards, can be viiidicatea only asa and delivered- the survivors, 867 m number, into .the A* Prentiss, succeeded by Commander E. R. Thomp- Sept. 27, a brisk fire'was commenced from the out-of Mexico from October 1859, until ordinal to Puna- The 1st, 2d, 3d and 6th volumes of the results of the bandsoftheUnitedStatesAgentatthat'place;brig son;thebrigDolphin,'-CommanderChurleaSteed- skirtsofthecafy,killingsixand.wott»dingthreeof atthecloseofthe.ensuingAutumn,whenthe-workvUvalore» duty cponit.vrbiri wight be doeruadn . for temporarv modification of our general policy, to benrrraxue porposes, Into ihe form of » spec Ac anty. tji-h tto ar- contuniea no longer than the present depletion of the Storm King, captured August 8, 186U, by the Unitedaaajjexoent oooJO not Injure tbe cc-vonmrt. IT bo vbou!d' pay d Treasury shall continue. If Congress could by law States steamer San Jacinto, Capt, T. A. Dornin, off Tilghman; biag Buiubridge, Lieutenant Commanding ly went ashore, cousulted the Americ^in Consul, and at scnvEY or THE ROUTE BETWEEN SAX-FBASCisco i w ^ r amoootasf duty oa* yrar. tbtf wonld b» eonnterbaiaiioed arrest the march of intellect on one band and the pro- the Congo,River, and sent into Norfolk, having first Maxwell Woodhull, and the steamer Pulaskiy Lieuten- the request of the. Military Intendeate and of theK r V k w r amonat Uw neat, aaui in tne end abe »*psaao«« w#aM proceeded to Monrovia with 619 captured Africans on ant Commanding, William II. Macomb. The Perry Agent of tho,Railroad, landed a body of salors and00 cess of decay oc the other, it might do better for Gov- toard, and delivered 616, who survived, to the United returned home in June, and the Bainbridge in Novem- marines and afiold-piect?,e»d took possesion of tlie r^d^e^toeaDyowrtanj^i*^ attenUoo to tbe pr**»* g * ernment to stand stilL But at a time of incessant ac- States Agent at'that place; and a hiig, of unknown ber. The Dolphin has been ordered home. The Sem- Ruilroad Station. On the 28tli the Governor deliveredAXp CHTNA.lieutenant John M. Brtoke bavmg arrived on tb«4Wo»ofi& Treiory. so ably and eJoarlyjrre^;^ by tbe 5ec- sWv IDbisreporttoConrrr*-;nnjtoreooniaiend that in«*- S S T o e ^ n n ^ a d o p t ^ S enable it to UUCJX-TP, it. pr„sain«tivity beyond all past ages, the nation which should pursuethisstand-stillpolicywouldijoonfinditselfun-13th of August, 1859, at Kanagawa Bay off Yohahama, la tho Island of Japan, was irrterruped in the prosecu- tionofthesun-evoftheroutebetweenSanFranciscoi t itflfo som wbfcb tbe .»«a>e r^ZmZSJmSJbUapbift, waaployment.fXTf'JVt*Any such projects as that of abolishing the ">«**** *• vVfcrttf** *J.IWfrQp*WhoJ^^Xf^ftrftaiT^*0fl»»llld«8.rWB^*hi aht^'Captain o/tfy % * $ j ^ ^ g gNAVY-YARDS.A naval force cannot be maintained without navy-vards and docks. These are necessary appendages ofthe navy. They are indispensable instrumentalitiesand means to be used in its construction and preserva-tion, and in all tbe operations, connected with its em- Cuba fa now the only mart in the world ppen to thisname,capturedAugust14.I860,bytl*eIJnitedStatesinolesailedfromNorfolkforthestationJuly16. upthecitytotheiointoccupancyoftheforces fromThe vessels of tbis squadron have vieited the princi- the St. Mary's and the British ship Clio. Tranquillity and China. On the 23d ef that mov*h occurred a^se-steamer Crusader, Lieut.-Com. John N. Maffitt, off theJ S ^ l o o ? Tba otbi* reconuwaadaaiooj of ttio rtjport aro vrefi fortnnately in the lurch, far, far behind all others.* It Coast of Cuba, and nent into Key West. Of these, pal commercial ports on the coast and in the waiters of having been restored, the detachment on the 7th of vere cyclone, which caused the Fenhnore Cooper to; r t l is is impossible to maintain the position of security and 7 slavers, having oa board 1,603 Africans, were cap- the La Plata, aud have given effectual protection to T O e ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ? V f *%>» £&$r&espect we now have among tlie powers of the world,I w MgWy valaable, « d deserve 7<«u earefol atteulion. cipally our power would be felt to fall into neglect and Paraguay Expedition. The whple number of vessels In the month of June Flag. Officer Sands, in the U. Warren, rendered active service on this occacion. to run ashore. Every assistance was offered by Com-s a T w S T o f t b e X v r ^ r f t b e a u t h o r , a a o o f tiw ?o«tm*-ter Oen- if we permit that great aim of defense by which prin- tured by the purchased steamers, chartered for the our eountrymea and their interests.•Tbe rei>ort of the Poe<Mast»r-GeiK>ralde1atla the <*TMm'TMaef* decay.captured' during the post year is 12; the whole number 8. steamer Pulaski, proceeded from Maldonado to The Last Indian Squadron has been commanded by modore Popoff of the Russian Squadron to repair and of Africans rescued is 3,110. ' Buenos Ayres, and with Consul Hudson passed up the Flag Officer C. K. Stribling. and has comprised the refit her. Bat in removing tbe bailust, her timbers While the Government has been thus active in' VM Uruguay to Conception, the port of St. Jose, the resi- steam sloop-of-war Hartford, (the flag ship), Capt. were found so decayed that all hopes of repairing her endeavors to suppress the African Coast slave-trade, dence of Gen. Urqufea, by whom they were most cor- Charles Lowndes; sloop-of-war Germantown, Com- wero abandoned. Her stores; with the instrument*, dially welcomed. Returning.-.Flag Officer Sands ten- mander R. L. Pago; steamer Saginaw, Commander maimand surveys, were most of them saved, and Lieu- "' escorts and James F. Schenck; steam-sloop Dacotah, Commander tenant Brooke, with part ofthe crew, at the request ot uenosAyres. Wm. Bedford; and sloop-of-war John Adams, Com- the Japanese Government, returned to San Franciscoand in tha last three years has been successM in cap- tui iui? more slavers than at any former period, yet it is obvious that if can be broken «p in two modes only..Untitled Documentsteam sloops Susquehanna, Captain GeorgeN. Hollins; •him to Manilla, and in January returned with him' Ut the Richmond, Captain Duncan N. Ingiaham, nud the Hong-Kong. Flag Officer Stribb'ng represents theii Iroquois, Commander James S. Palmer, have been at- visit to Manilla as oeneficial to our commercial*inter-steamers of the squadron which had been ordered to foreign residents.the coast of Syria. JAP ANESE EMBASSY .The African Squadron, under the command of flag When the Japanese Government first determined tofrigate Powhatan, rCapt. George F . Pearson, hearing Flag-Officcr Tatnall on his ret'u-n home, received thj» Mohican, Commander 8. W. Godon, f^loop of war Sar- embassy on board, consisting of seventy-two persons,Roy. The Vincennes returned to the.United Statea in transported across the Isthmus. The steam-frigateman applied to the Government of St. Helena to de- liver the captain, officers aud crewrto Lieutenant W^ E. Le Roy, commauding the Mystic. Thomas Morgan, captain, and Wm. Denning and Bryeon J. Chamijer-mac,Com'rRobertB.Hitchcock;'steam-sloopWyo- ming, Com'r John K. Mitchell; steam-sloep Narra- /?ansett, Com'r Timothy A. Hunt; etdfe-ehip Fredonia,He has brought'the results as near completion as cir- - lunation of the indignities offered io the American Peru. In consequence of lis unexpected <lej»arture, cumstances would permit. Tfceie beiugino appropria-vestigate the causes of the difficulty, demanded an ex-the port of Ciiliao, at the request of our Minifctef toagua. In May she was dispatched from Panama tomaa; brig Perry, Lieutenatt Commanding Richard I* will be completed. the: white*inhabitants. Commander Porter Immediate-October was withdrawn.Lieutenant Commanding Junius J . Boyle of the the loss and savc^the lives of her brew she was obligedthey were joined by Gen. . nuuidcr John M. Benien. The sloop-of-war Vandalia, iu the Japfln«?«> war etemer K^udinarnapcul^ir.ijnMarch 29. Leaving Sau Francisco on April 1J, theyumns 4 and 5. Tbe introduction is ready for the press7.drag her anchors and strike repeatedly^ so that to avoid Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com»&t. '•,„•• •.-••.. •^L:__ : 