 10HEWS FROM WASHnto-1KBW YORK tT^UTVjyEDKESy. ;W W A, I860.-TRIFLB SHEE^—.fefctfct*- -tnouldown>UWJS-y*^*••"«-"^SSn S Mr.'Oooamr, T b ^ t o Wthet the true position othe gutmc nt.different front the opinion entertained toy Hn^dati^Kmen'"nffkaSwtaffir eentiinweanm%^TtoO> itnoiat.thindayjrouM wittus.Iaa>** " taow~Jtowthisquestion of the awrttaoi demerttahss arisen hi tt^a a M | 5 or the United States, ffi ««asMttkm purely cf fact.TM Wmetch composed of men, mnnyof whom retireat night very elevated theMgro.- g was, that when Southern men a u v A their opinions had parted wtth their scrip at a great disccunt andgatttoaa'tf Southern Uuy insisted that because No'j,e r n men did not change ruinous rates. It is evident there could be no retttf The first railway locomotive ever cosstroeaed to 6bHitheir opinions also: they ^ooid break up the govern- till the organisation of the Boose. He asked for speedy forniaba»justbeen<»mptetedatoneofthe8aalas»nitOA>- itJon mor4Uy> aodtlly and ment. Be did hot '.da, to the honorable Senator action, and was willing to vote for any man osteite Ironfoundries.raHghtnla,stroke into the +******; » » * J I I Mr. Dopum* 'JEM?** many * t b e m v 0 t e d . of steading *a high places, who declared be- whom there was a probability of an election. Operations commenced oa tha 12th ultimo In the new tOL BELATIOBS WITH SPAIR, tne various coatoination. of the intarmediatt. « »A* against Con- t t u ^ prohibition,but whtt 1 do -ayi- tors the w»jrld that unless the North tgl"**** Be proposed that a meeting be held here to-night of anti San Frtncisce woollen factory. About seventy five opera-•^trvvwKWI FRO! THE PACIFIC. day. -pairedoffwith Mr.Wrightef»" .r,T,, ,ra v £ Arilv.l •I **• CetttfaamimSnaaLftlWaefctngtsn»^P»**V -i, Jaa. 8,1880.ginnTngdownto1847wasahistoryof PwJP^JS"? notdenyitspoweriaany©asaofwhiehitTmsjwtedje- ameetingwouldresembletheHappyFamily—theowl, titlecoverstenmillionsofdollarsworthofpropertyinswaifOajrsytayclsijrasBewahed Mr. English. « ntfTSifoet is his9,, Loam, Jaa. I Mwh. the overland mail, with Sea fraadaco t t * * to Dsatteh toerU,arrivedborateatateht,having r*a»twen^on«days outA. C Peachy, Lecempton detaaerat, was elected to thaM *W W f^ff***"l,,uta, aid Pendleton. »eir stosence was ','and the causes were satisfactorily explained.prevailing optalon among the republicans tonight W, that if the democrats refuse a ballot to-morrow on acaeant of abeenteeam, or from any other esuse, the will ****** upon an all night session. It such a a entered anon it may be a tost of enduranceplurality role in yielded, or enough members tkemaelves to permit an election. 1 have heard some republicans say they are in favor of camping to the I H H and refusing an adjournment until an organizationgomiswis.The mail eontiacten' memorial, together with the pro.general scrimmage. Then ensues the carnival of disor- der—Jtwt expand, voices calumniate, legs straighten and arms shoot out, amid a confusion that rivals Bedlam loosed; banging Boanerges, stir up triumphant clamor till stilled at length by the vigorous blows with which the toiling clerk, gavel in band, has belabored the desk before him, the House sulfides, quiet is restored, and the members on all sides retire unto their newspapers, orwithdraw for a drink.The present short recess, however, interrupts this delectable pastime. The belligerents have drawn off to examine their arms snd to repair damages. Many of them are refreshing themselves with the sodtlity of the holidays, while others remtin here to plot new combina- tions, to solve difficult political problems, and to ascertainvery It is the true, and natural tad beneficial condi- tion not of Ore laboring man, but of the African laborerof it The honorable Senator from Virginia, continued Mr. Doolittle, spoke of the tree states ot the North as the ''servile states." Mr. President, I know not why the honorable gentleman desired to apply this term to the states we represent, but we feel it due to ourselves to repel the application of any such term to the states which we represent. Certainly I have applied no term ofopprobrium to the stole from wnloh he comes. No, sirorganize the House. Five democrats are now absent. Mr. WASHBrHN—Who is responsible for that?Mr. WDOUOW would agree to a vote If the republicanswould pair off with the democratic absentees. Cries^romtherepubtteansideof "No," "No."Mr FLoancs made an explanation, during which hedefended himself from the false charge of a newspaper correspondent that he had voted for a Know Nothing for Speaker. He twice voted for Mr. Maynard, because he regarded him as a highly tetelttgent, conservative gen- tleman, and Just such a person as should be entrusted withta consequence of thto discovery, bad advanced three hun- dred per centR H. Dana, of Boston, who sailed for China in tbe ship Mastiff, which was burned aksea some time tteoe, bad re- turned to Ban Francisco from Honolulu, being unable to obtain passage from that port to China. He wdl sail from San Francisco for China by the first vessel that offers.Two Russian steam corvettes had arrived at San Fran- cisco, bringing dates from the Amoor river to Oct. 2.Mr. Coffins bad arrived down the Amoor with a lot of camels intended for shipment to San Francisco. It waa supposed.that these Russian corvettes would make a sur- vey of tbe harbor of San Francisco, and then proceed to Cronstadt via New York.Tbe shipment of geld dust from Victoria during Septem- ber . October aad November amounted to $460,000.The value of tbe Sherreback claim, recently confirmed by Judge Hoffman, is $6*0,000.Tbe news from the Sandwich Islands is to November J7, one week later. Some thirty five njore whale ships had arrived, and only about thirty In addition were ex- pected this season. The rates of freight were low, aad the large number of homeward bound whalers seeking cargoes, prevented ttte merchantmen from fitting up with their usual rapidity.The ships Sylvia, Black Sea, Raduga, and S. F WiUette, were slowly taking in cargoes of oil and bone for Atlantic ports. 'A fine jebbtag and retail trade was doing at Honolulu, but provisions were selling at low prices, barely cover- tag their cost and charges.jtovKaa mox TKi coin or Aimoa.already been made.arauns as aaownvrus, TSXU.t h e War Department is to receipt of intelligence from I Sewell, Who Is in command of the Department of Be informs the Department that he is concen- all the available force in that sestion at Fort for the purpose of protecting the people against Cortints. There cannot toe less than eight hundred Unitedffjtotes troops in the vicinity of Brownsville. waacAa Arrams.halelligenoe. was received here to-day from Mexico, fjreught toy the Tennessee's mail. The liberals are ; to Oajaca, Cottma and Moraha. General Mar- i had toeen confined in the palace at the city of Mexi- co, and dlBcusy was apprehended on Miramon's return as the capital. "The British bondholders are indignant at-she consummation of the new treaty. Degollado, Gomes lorries and others, had arrived at Vera Cruz from Tam-ments for this market.Between the East and the West there seems no changefor any Improvement with us.A large number of vessels are due from the AtlanticStates and Europe, and goods will go still lower upon their arrival.Arrived December 9, bark Early Bird from Hong Kong- 10th, whale ship Eliza Adams from Honolulu; 12th,steamer Golden Age from Panama.Sailed December 9, whale ship Massachusetts, on a cruise.VFixe ia Baltimore, &e«BALTIXORS, Jan. 3, left). The store of Frest, Sickle k Co., fancy goods dealers..West Baltimore, has been burnt; loss $10,000; insured. Tbe harbor is almost entirely closed, and steamers ar- rive with great difficulty, The weather is cold, and snowis Imminent.schooner Sea Witch, Long, from Norfolk with corn.Markets.NEW OXLKAJIS, Dec. 31.13MThis has been a rainy day. Cotton unchanged; sales to-day 6,600 bake.Nxw OSXKAXS, Jan. 2,1860 Cotton sales to day 7,600 bates; the Canada s news had noeffectonthemarket;middling lOSc a 10\'c PorkbuoyantMoans, Dee. 31,1669 Cotton in Improved demand; sales today, 8,600 bales at10)ic. for middlingaad myaelf. It claimed that stevery cannot be There was much loud conversation in the Hall at this and one stories about myself of a merely personal cha- The market is quiet, owing to the holidays.wae Dnited State*There at no doubt that Minister Mclane has toeen in-structed to use his eftorto with the cons^ttttiOBal govern- ment ef Mexico to obtain tor the Louisiana Company mo- ot its contract for the construction of a rail- ! ove? ths Isthmus of Tehuaatepee. Messrs. Benjamindent refers to the Dred Scott decision as settling slavery agitation, but could not agree with him. The Su- preme Court has done what it could; but the question was not settled, else why were controversies going on every- where in State Legislatures tnd bothfhooses of Congress on the subject? The question had not been settled, and hence the continuance of the controversy. He agreed with the President that the Supreme Court had adjudged the iightof a citizen tj carry slaves into the Territories,assert1 that if be produces the whole article it will disprove it clearly. Now, with the Senators permission, I will remark that I have some reason to be sensitive upon this subject, becaase my own language has, by garbling a speech delivered flvo years ago, been interpreted as evidence against ths insti- tution—I maintain is a blessing both to the white and black man, and that representation has been reiterated time and again upon this floor, although upon more thanteas it between $S0,CO0 and $40,C00; partly insured. Vessels Froxt n 1st at Machlasport.i of the company.ras sairBSD oorros qtramos.i select eommittee ef the Boose of Representatives ef , appointed in consequence of the circular of the York Chamber of Commerce, calling the attention of its toe great increase of sanded cottons, saycition. The President had said, further, that property In slaves to his knowledge had not been disturbed is any of ths Territories. To that he disagreed. The whole course of the anti-slavery party in Kansas was to disturb the rights of slaveholders. Was it no interference wtth slavery in the Territories to shoot downslaveholders to cold blood,huntthem down like wild beasts and destroy their property ? The whole oon-secure at the time, under the circumstances which then existed. In voting for Mr. Montgomery 'a bill tbe republi cans voted to admit Kansas as a slave State, and thus stultified themselves before the country. The charge of fraud and swindle was frequently repeated and tbe re- mark, " Mamby pamby, shiliy shally, nasty thing," made by Mr. Haskin was first used by Mr. Benton,i Aatonie and San Dtego Mall c nag to run this route, and thmm n ! 0 O £ i! \£*•? 2 ? * Congress—took tha ground* ? " * • » TM*rewaanoground for controversy betweenuemocrats. It was a complete success, and so much of aDuality that it was beyond the reach of future legislation. per cent premium. What legislation did toe republicans propose? To renewthe controversy aad wipe oat the benefits conferred on aMr. Joehuahas terminated by the to make anyoftoe federal ratio to entitle it to Congressional legislation. The Ohio Legislature organised yesterday. R, C. Par- ^ F ^ o t year Mr. Flaner has vktited various parts ofaoata.intotheRepresentativeBalldailyttmedian,sweeps &\ nayCrttoryunderthe•*&% * *" SupremeCourtdecidedoneoase,andinthecourt© (Laughter.)Iaorder,besaid,toshowthatweareia parteoftheState.United Stotea which' did not, in ttte act of ovgante of the adjudication of that case the Judges give earnest, I move we proceed to ball-it i-fat noce, and tbe A great deal of speculation was Indulged concerning thfief thli road uground that it Is a blcssing-blcssod of God and n a n - a distracted people. It would become a settled policy notVtaa O h i o L e g i s l a t u r e .GOT. CHA81 AND TBI HARPER'S FSRRT AFFAIR. M. « . , . . , , . OsvELAiro, Jaa, 8, I860.to* said to bechange 16 a 15X premium, exchange on New Y o r k ) a 4wton to the United Stotaa attroad Company refusing ta their tariff of charges for tho conveyance or freight and passengers across toe Isthmus01 pcFET'* , -owwo, that aattasr «•»**« sr^eutatt* •r 't.!&|Y^ *tVtopsJ^agenanges. Theremtoutateweardmetpotato \ tooth of departure end s^val.wbteb mouldtatounex-li; rw>imixsaidthat BSOuUntnderuoos-i*t°lo"n. Sn^TrJS^^U-iS&r- F-*-inoessantiy rotate the savory morsel, tnd as they toil andb°k5sing- fn accordance with natural r t g h t i v « i ^ w t t t o .public duties. It waa agreed that absenteeism Now a yelp startles the Bouse as the heat of themot pistsat a baBot after to-day. political furnace pierces the epidemics of some laboriousof the abeenteee in the House to-day who dullard. And now a fierce growl, a snap tnd a show ofl1trM teeth announce that furious passions are busy with thenot paired off worn Messrs. Adrato, Keynotes, Val- blood, which will toe satisfied with nothing less than aSouth. It rules your schools, your churches—--Mr CBKSTNUT, (dem.) of S. C. (interrrupting)-! deny that the position of the South is that the normal condition of the laboring man is that of stevery. The position isbe broken up. They said frankly that it did not changeMr WisHBtruN—Doyou think abstinence from speech-of <r. Anderson, :>of Missouri, for a trio of if, by repeated addresses to the Lord of Chaos, they can- not propitiate confusion and eliminate from a disorderedto-night, seemed to fall dead on the House to Bouse, order snd a Speaker. Do not be too credulous. Osty, eapeciaily after Mr. Stevens of Pennsylvania arose; The end is not yet. To be sure fresh ardor will be ap-Immediately after Mr. Anderson sat down, and moved •feat the Boust proceed to ballot, and that the candidate the highest number of votes toe declared the . The mail contractors are making a severe prefapon the democrats tonight to yield on organixaman contractors are annoyed that the Boose do tions to the general good, and take itself over bodily to blessing, and the normal condition of the negro; and nowthe candidate of the one or the other of the real parties to 1 will give, very briefly, the reasons. I want the Senator 3*4 argan ise and authorise the payment of their bills, but the contest? Speak out South Americans tnd Leoompton- to understand our position, and why we apply this dae-nent democrats ot the North.The resolutions were laid on the table.THS THOMAS 1A.ND CIJUM.Mr. Sut'Eix, (dem.) of La., moved to refer the paper onthe subject of the Thomas land claim to the Committee on the Judiciary. It belonged properly to Jhe Committee on Private land Claims, but as the motives of himself tnd colleague on that subject had been impugned, tnd as Mr. Benjamin was Chairman of that Committee, he de- sired to change its reference.Mr. COIJJUKR, (rep.) of Vt., called attention to the fact that Mr. Benjamin was also on that committee.The sublet was laid over till to morrow.A large number of petitions of no general interest was presented.THE PRSRTIXXr'S MtSEUkGS AND THS SLAVXRV QlTHTtON. Mr. BROWS, (dem.) of Miss., desired to disclaim any in-motives could induce them to carry on this crusa !e— neously by his colleague, Mr. Brabson,who nominated cite brings $26 a ton and West Heart ley the same price. Advices from Hong Kong speak of a rene sal of ship-• •••_^—» -»"""._'..S&to'fSSnWd and to Out extent the opinion havtegr JK remarked that MrJUskto was absen*~..iMa (MR. 1 « * « < ^ S s t a a f tha struggle for U» Speakership ta anMegr.roDwoMotrtfnauaisoafid»^ve.dot negro slavery only. hnVtooJkathethat of a slave....... r_e_c_u_,l.u_ .thve. .«vMM»i intermediate vicissitudes wto?wS»wSSAftA2jtr-j ^Mr.rial ef the mail contractors, say l 0 g that the government owes them two mttltons for e^fvtoe, and urging the adop-plied to the ensuing votes, but with no varied result.The next roll call will eventuate very much as did itspredecessor. Sherman will head the republican column; the original from which he deduces, in order that we may some name to be complimented into IilipuUan estacies w H test the fairness of the extract when compared with the lead on the democrats, while rotund patriotism and jubi-lant virtue will fill all other moutha with liberty and Mrs.Grundy. When will light break In is the constant Inqui-ry? Which patriot hand will sacrifice its modest aspira-Mr. WIKSLOWwas satisfied no vote could be taken to- day.Mr. DOOUTTLK—I will name the Richmond Kxaminer. tention , as imputed by the newspapers, to assail the Pre Mr. Doolittle then read an editorial from that paper, intion of the Union for any causes which nowexist, the North are resolved to prevent'it, and if warshould be the consequence of the North's determining topreserve the Union and the Sooth's to destroy it, the re-sponsibility will rest on the South. If that meant thesubjugation of the South, he did not so understand it long since passed. My reasons for ths vote I gave tosident or his Message, unless the respectful expression or his dissent to some,of its statements be considered in that light He entertained a strong personal regard for the I*residcnt' but if he did not, age and his long public ser- vices would shield him from Attack. He had a right, however, in common with every citiuca, to courteously express his views, and would do so. He called atten-which it is contended that domestic slavery is the onlynormal and natural and universal condition of the labor - , or. The Richmond Enquirer is anotherMr. CIAY—I do not hear of white slavery there, tout I want to know by what authority he maintains that tho Richmond Examiner hoUis to the doctrine that slavery isMr. BOYCXrejoined. He understood from the gentle- Mr. Maynard were avowed on the floor of tbe House man that If tho South shall take her destinies into her own during the ballot; and, perhaps, Mr. Editor, it is not too hands, the North will prevent it. But the South could much to ask you U|reprint them. I said:— .not be conquered by the eighteen millions of Northernpeople", a s h e h a d i n t i m a t e d . I f t h e i s s u e e v e r were made, depend upon it there would h e "war to tho knife." He did not, however, apprehend that those peo- ple would engage In any such strife. The majority of them are loyal to the constitution, and they all tell you to pause in your fratricidal career. The South desires peace, concord, harmony—will you give them to us?Mr. ENGLISH, (dem.) or hid., replied to Mr. Haskin, whose remarks, he said, were harsh and unmerited In re- ference to the compromise bill he (English) introduced into tho last Congress. He warranted the history of the bill providing for the admission of Kan-Fire In Cincinnati.CiKccrsATi, Jan. 2,1S60.the normal condition of the laboring class ? I say the very ftoo, tad are load in their demands for material aid from tion to that portion of the Message wbore the Presi extract read fails to sustain his allegation. I venture toYesterday afternoon a fire broke out ta building No. Co- Walnut street, occupied by James Bradford k Cs aadand Latere certainly contemplate t visit to Vera Cruz in and did not believe a Territorial Legislature or any otherof the ratification of the treaty to further the body bad power to destroy or override that de- one occasion I corrected it 1 find that this North Ca- all his friends claimed for tt, and was the best tbej couldthat ths complaints thin year are test in Kansas was waged against the rights of slave a newsbaper which he does not maintain.and recommend to the Chamber holders. The President had further said that in case of such interference the judiciary could apply the remedyi investigation into ths mode of selling ootton in and it was time enough to act when the interference was rk, tad that steps be taken to compel commission attempted. He thought the laws existing entirely lasufflnext handed over to the gentleman from These errors I have thought it right to correct, because New York. He expected tbe country would be served they relate to my official acts, and appeared ta a journalto sell each planter s crop on its owa , as ths tarset remedy, not only for sanded cotton >Vat thw for defrauding one planter at the expense of theAtwiratdefended as an Institution based upon negro slavery alone, and the Richmond Enquirer, at one time under the administration of the editor, took the same ground—Mr. Dixon, to a speech at Philadelphia took the ground openly that the ground upon which the South stands Is that capital should own aad not hire its labor. There is the true solution, that the tetoot shouldbe owned and controlled by the master. How, Mr. Presi- imaginations of unscrupulous politicians. No saga thing dent, I do not stand here to insist that these gentlemen who was contemplated toy the democratic party. Somedisclaim these views maintain this doctrine in relation to * J ^ . » J t o made the charge were like persons crying thewhiterace. Notttall. 1takethemattheirword,and "Stopthief!"whentheyhadthestolenpropertyintheirracter, which find a place In the newspapers: of these stories 1will only remark,that if not as entertaining as the thousand and one tales of the Arabian Nights, they at least prove that equally admirable romances might be written in thesa days, if the vagrant invention which ts wasted to4j^ • ••••» wa»•• tawafW# atwaWMHa wwLard 10cdirectly thrwask^Sj* "^ * **** ^ teaato Tubac, thence to £ - m r * rThe steamship Babaaa brings Havana advices of tha S W * w S S S * ^ ^ ' * * » » ^ After toe passage 20th December. The sugar marketwas firm, at • a © } ;cieEt, and that the time had now arrived for further le- gislation, and that Congress was Imperatively called on to act at once. It is too late to act when the mischief is done. The President has asked you in advance to strengthen his arm to protect the persons and property of Ameri- can cttisens oa the Isthmus ; tad if that can be done, why cannot the arm of the executive andtime. 'Mr. ENGLISHasked whether it would toe in order to havethe riot act read.The CLEKXinterposed to preserve decorum.Mr. EjrauBB denied that there was any substantial foun-Moans. Jan. 2, I860.SAVAXXAH, Jan. 8, I860. Cotton in improved demand: Sates to day, 3,360 bales.CHARUBTOS, Jan. 3,1880. Cotton unchanged: sales to dsy, 2,*oo bates.from hwMsaapoBn, lndl- judiciarybe strengthened to protect slavery to Kanstsfof Judge Blackford, who Mr. Brown then went into an argument to show, thatthe courts could sot furnish protection to slavery withoutforthirtyyears. statutorylaws. Heavowedhisdesire fortheenact-ment of such laws. They might call it a slave,TL_K, SICKLES.Provisions steady. Whiskey dull at 26Xc PtoXAnaLnBA, Jaa. 8,18601precisely what they say, and that is that negro slavery la a blessing—a Divine institution, blessed of God aad •""! That I understand to be the ground upon which tho gen- tleman now stand. Well, that Is substantially all I ga'd in the beginning until I was interrupted on this subject, and that is thattheSouth have changed their ground upon this question of negro slavery tt you please. How long Is it since the leading men of the South—your judges upon the Supreme Court—your states-afF!which the Richmond Enquirer said was taken at the South, that slavery was an evil to be apologised f o r -te be borne at a necessity rather than bear something quently no more slave States. Free Territories were press- worse? How ions is it since you have taken ibisnOarwhite, and gl 80 a t l 86 tor red. Corn unchanged. Oats steady P ^ ^ ? - . £ greater piece of humbuggery was never There are as yet no signs of the steamship Bohemian. Whiskey unchanged. 'of the Secretary of the cods, tt they pleased, tout he no mere asked for8 0of twenty-five thou- a smvs cads than others did for a horse code orattempted to he palmed off on the Ameriaan people. Be now due at this port with Liverpool dates of tha 21st of TM~. -v - ^ ^ . ptaxaaaATi, tot. 8, I860. maintained that the compromise bill subetomsaUy pro- December.Fort Yuma s cow code ; white he had a tongue to speak hewould demand his righto under the constitution andbe mads to tews. Be disavowed again any intention toassail theBWe0005 2 ? * ^ * * / * * * ° * J* * of K* ** »o do everytotes whichthe republicans said theywould doIf they na^tead an cn^ortuxtlty to do It. There was no discrlml- Sf^S to aTOL.of «tther toctton, aadby the billboth wereNewt from Havana,Nxw ORXSANS, Jan. S,18«0.w r ,toB?*^\!f'«2fTJ **"*• "fr"P**»w»®»*"•roa President, but most ha be told, that because he war a "w-ltaB of democrat and the President a democrat, he must not ex- press his views because he might injure the democratic party? He would tee the democratic party destroyed be- fore h e would consent to without the honest expression of his sentiments. He saw that, without further legislation, there would never be toother slave Territory ..and conse-log tor admission into the Union, sad it would not be oonfidetha workt, the mag, unlets sieve States were admitted, before e f l 'he free States would have two-thirds, sufficient ** *" *» •ttdat, ? ehanaa the constitution. That done, thedivine institution, upon which you ask ths blessing ot the SSS£b .SB d J5°, N * " " * of tte world? It is altogether within the test few years. There is no denying this fact.to admit any State without population enough as fixed by• to nthgorerneawt oversing African slavery or otherwise. It was enough for well as the United States, British North America, and Eu-^ d w i a W o o w 2 l - D Thepursued by Mr. Letcher to relation to some speech a Uiat is their business. Be would not toterfere wtth it. ment of the acts repealed by the last General Assembly M * ^ . . * r a t a r * 1 0 London, be despatched to report oawith Utah. ThtoS ^ ^ * ^ . ^ * ^ " * * * * »TttYaf\ahaaslorpS HtL??* Stanyratoralni to Grant Britain by India and Referring to the letter addressed to him by the (tiina. Mr. Finner hat, during the past month since, his Governor of Virgnte, he condemns all inroads Into other fatara from loadon, ban actively engaged ia procuring l*atee aad ail attomps to Incite aervUelnsuirecEoB information regarding the various available transit routea!**"•• avowed by tha Senator frost Now York to der uoastlftkistl forms, could be would become of the Dred Scott de-How long is it since in this Senate the honorable Sena him to know that there waa a hundred legal ex- Message was read in the afternoon. It is confined mainlv r0Jie- *iT F - > w h 0 hat been long known ta a traveller, tor from yirgnte (Mr. Hunter), apeaking of the course pression or the will of the people ? If tbey prefer slavery to State affairs, but at its close recommends the re enact and asthortty in the steam shipping world, will, proba-slaverv 2 2 9 ^Pr«=» Court la in the hands of the anti "sis 'in, man.andiiLf J r a*toed by avowing himself t Union« « « r to^sZU?,**** to multiply the tteve States inHe was for perfect equality between ths States, aad fortrue, popular sovereignty, t h e object of the republicansto keeping up sectional strife, was to obtain office andPolitical power. He was for peace, and regretted ths ut-terance of extreme views either from the North or thoSouth. Be was from a conservative, patriotic within their bordera. But toTw^e^latW^ across ths Central aad South tmirkan Continents, inaad trusted there would he an upris- rail on the free States. Ohio has frequently Iteandatered order to lay toe tame before ha friends in London. Woy * *»t>wa TJtoh with Sao a slave tlatttoVL** *"*«, which our fathers bad male hundred miles ef Baa, andCamp Floyd and Salt Lake City. mailstoyOtis rout*on thechange which had^2L121 *•». referred to the greatrouto, under the better attten years. T b m u l * l ! l * * President's mini iu the find fault with gentlemen for rh^ngjff their opinions.tog of the peopte to teach politicians that u t AU ehalltooh forward wtth some interest to see the action of %j£LF22?'2TM2?**>** fctlUwSteve tewgresa over the Ttrrttorte?^!? S" tha P°wer of Coa' IOOUM too transmitted 1 a 5the country demands aad will have Indiana executed under circumstances of great aorravation Her the British government ta tbe transit of their Australianttoa wktohbut I presume he refers to a debate of this aesiion. I think, however, he has been quoted by the honorable senator substantially, correctly—certainly they are my opinions. Because of the aggression BBtoBiMsjl by the servile States, commonly called thaths condition ef Afrisanlationgotoconfirmthisooinkralternative would ever be presented; but it became states- men to consider what mtght be attempted n^TegVeutdm7n^wh^S?rfS^men, who often failed to make proper disrrimtdationspeople of Ohiolold fast to the Union, and would neither dtotoh e it herself nor consent to its dtesolutioaby oUters!Schooner Satella^The schooner Satella, from BoaSoerofto^-^*Neal Dow narrowly escaped falling into a vat of boiling water ta his tannery last Wednesday. He feUfromabeara aad injured himself severely.Patrick Maude, of Newark, N. J., sentenced to deatU for the murder ofhie wife, and whose execution was ap-Hunter, Postmaster at Wteebarg, Baltimora eaua^Md^havtot been elected a delegate to the General Aasemfab/of^Marytead, Ira. Margaret nuater a appoint-time tha doctrine was ad-T h aP e n n s y l v a n i amyWJ ta- by^XhWiUS* *• *»i rephsd that thefirstaattempt to prohibitraa l t i S u l U waa,.* deliberation, ytot relations subsisting between the°******fovoTof vereai extension of slavery and disunionthe n2 li mrvWatncare not what extracts are read—rspeak from knowledge. I ;peak for myaelf—and that is the true ground, ths real opinion, the only feeling in South Carolina; and if there is a difference it is that the man who does not labor suf-fers In comparison throughout the entire South.Mr. DoouTTUt—I do not deny that the men of the South differ upon this question. Some maintain this doctrine— that the normal condition applies to the negro race, and the negro race alone; but I do maintain there are tendingto the former, because between them and emancipation put by Mr. Burnett and others. It is not true, then, thatdoctrines promulged In western Virginia, stated the fact that you had changed your ground aad did not stand oa »*« KrP"11*1 occupied by our fathers, and did n e t believe what Washington, Jeflerson, Madison, Munroe, aad all the to*d^m^TMB*lbrJlle fowthftyyears existence under the Constitution bettered, that slavery a an svtt? And don't you now take the ground that It is a blessing, a benefit to the black and the white man? Now, I do notprohibiting sltvehoiding and kidnapping, a n d ^ e T r t a i the Pacific Islands, thence pursuing h » voyage to Austra- 511themind ofths South it. By1 001 fcndum ? * 5 Y and the white race, I batteva that the opi-e entertained, certainly ta mv State, by stole,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069f ^ro !Pw^ f ?i *2r o^ 'renoramtted Mr Lawrence hotolnated Mr. Ranch, ofUntitled Document^ ^ v_at,a^to-okrotrhie*" ^THS 5IAIT. COTTUACU.a statementIte.DOtom.-^j^oratote Senator was_aat toState Senate from San Francisco on ths 10TA altMO BALLO'f F O R SPEAKER. thirtyfivemen. These potato consistof the classification evSence ff Sir. Oay) wanted not merely » if tlavery,aad ««<*•««• ^ f f l i * ^ , ^ 1 * " * & their liabilities, aad continue to carry the mails. Mr supported toy the property holders generally, and histi -*j -TOEHa omiCTOIS.of theBOOM into four independent tquads^pttbHcan, gartSeTextract but thojjoto article. democratic, Seuta Amerieaa and autt-I^compton-eacbin- ^ ^ w n w s . o f J ^ . t ^ W ^ S e a ^tent open n8peaker fromtttown ranks, and the renin< mistook the position of the^outb- ^ £ ^which characterise n contesttoetweentwo hundred and J,* m^rJvWence When the Senator pr©ulK!*u toegrew oat of a i^^^a^Jaa«a to' --^ition of such measures as would enable them to meetandarise*themorningwilhafullblownexpectnUoc^of slavesoccupieda Wghephysically, than an • b ^ £ o n QJ, -\0be. from Virginia, *Tut there were those, • ant men of the republican, party for Speaker, in rotation to« * * • - / f e w t f f f m C k ^ P o TM * « ^ " « ^ J S sauad. for electing a Speaker in approximation *T their **-. W r e s a of the United Stotea, under ^ w ^ J f ?la this docteme, and took the ground which Mr. Buchananhad toksa, ths gofara»sat would be hrokeaup and theaonatitatVon overthrown. They had the right to com- * THS SraAXBBGBlP.argument which, instead of being addressed to that the normal eondition of the African is that of ste- their manhood, was addressed to the wanttbe surface. The ore discovered promisee to rival in rich- Mr. WINPUJW did not think the gentleman's plan would ness that from tbe original Comttock lead. Mining claias,toMr?DcoJrrnji-I understand, Mr. President, that the lead-ing men of tho South, or some of them at least, and leal-tag journals of the South, do not undertake to justify sla-very upon the ground of negro slavery alone. The cele-brated Anew of Mr. De Bow. and the Richmond &KMU>tttr a few years ago, and the book of Mr. Fltehugh, take Virginia is a State for whose opinions we bold the highestthe ground Out they justify Slavery, not because slaves are negroes and descendants of Ham, but put itupen tha broad grounds, the natural defensible ground, and that is that the natural normal condition of the laboring man Is that of a slave, and that the true ground to reconcile this conflict of opinion between capital and labor it this, that capital should own its labor.respect. Wisconsin, the youngest born, born to the dayof her pride, will give no opprobrious epithet to Virginia.Never, sir. It Is a State In the memory of whose great the duties of that chair. He was then, and had been men we of Wisconsin feel pride. To Virginia since assured that Mr. Maynard . never became aMr. OAT, (dem. of Ala)—That is t vary grave accusa-the Senator makes against the South, and he should not blcod. Mr. President, I can speak too of the great Statemake it unless fortified by sufficient evidence. 1 chtltenga the production of the evidence. It is wholly unfounded in fact, and does not correctly represent the people 1 have the honor to represent, or the people of any other section of the Southern States; tnd when the Senator brings la his evidence I hope he will produce, not an extract, hatginning of the present century where was the Stateof Virginia and New" York in comparison witheach other? Virginia, with double the white populationot New York, to-day with about one million of whitepopulation, whilst New York bat three millions ot be postponed till every man waa in his place.text from which it wts garbled.white population. New York is the Empire Stite. Shehas taken the position which Virginia once occupied.Whtt is the cause of all this change? What has pro-duced it? Why is it, sir, that to-day Wisconsin know that some gentlemen had purposely absented them- but ten veart old, has a white population almost equal toMr. BKOWX—1announced more than ten years ago thatI regtTdei slavery as a great moral, social and politicalselves, knowing that an organization eould be effected? Mr. W.VMXIw—I am assured to the contrary.Mr. STANTON—Is not such a presumption furnished by«Aer aD they are fattening on the prospective interest ites—speak, which will turn the enemy's flank ,-and with a trineto the negro and not to the white man. The three grain to sustain them, than even Virginia herself? from your own side.shout and a rush carry that hitherto Impregnable for- or four millions of negroes In bondage in the Southern Why is it, Mr. President? Tho answer is but tx> wktoh they feel sure is forthcoming, and the longer the tress, the Speaker'! chair, and seat therein a eonservative States, as moral, social tnd rehgious beings, will compare plain. It is the presence of this servile population in Vir-iAbaina and Hilo, and tbe averages of the season. Up Mr. STASTOH—We think there are persons absent with to November 16 the number of vessels from the Arctic that object and Kodiac Seas was eighty, and the total catch waa Mr. Wnmow would like the gentleman to mention •34,41$ bbls., averaging 448 bbla. to each vessel From the Ocbotsk Sea there were ninety-two vessels, and the total catch was 54,166 bbls.. averaging 589 bbls. to each vessel. From tbe sperm whale grounds there were four vessels, and the total catch was 1,410 bbls , averaging 392bbls. to each vessel.The following Is a fist of American whalers arrived atergaauaiion * postponed the greater the amount of in- aarestwiUbe,man, a lover of his country? There is no other way, favorably with three millions of the same race anywhere;majority or plurality rule, there is no other way—as sure and I put that proposition to the Senator now, that theginia which has produced this change in the comparative results of sister States, and in comparison with her youngest bora chfld Wisconsin, which I amproudthie day to represent.Mr. DAVV, (dem) of Miss., asked that certain portions of the Message toe referred to appropriate committees.Judge Douglas expresses the opinion to his friends thattorn health is entirely restored, and ho intends to take his cape it.•eat in me Senate. He was in his seat but a few momenta to-day.tan ranvnsm's » w n u t nscnraox. ThaXiwiMfnl's house yesterday, as heretofore on the ;<rf the new year, was the tcene of agreeable excite" The foreign Ministers, Judges or the Supreme Court and officers of the army and navy, first paid their respects to the President, and then the doors were thrown open toChe public Itss raocsxra or aains or ITBUC LUTOU.The construction of the act of the last session of Con relinquishing to the State of Missouri the two i of ail sales of public leads la that State, has ia natter ef coatfOTOisy, and has been referred»y the Secretary ef the Treasury to the Attorney General. i whether the funa is liable to deductions of appropriations to the Cumberland road.i Involved Is upwards of four hundred thouTo this complexion you most orme tt last Then, deter- mine cow: salve the question tnd claim the applause of the country, and receive the commendation of your own consciences, gentlemen of the debateable ground.THJRTY.SHTTH CONGRESS. ruwr suasion.House.Mr. BrxNirr, (dem.) of Ky., moved an adjournment The motion was negatived by 92 against 105.Mr. KILCORS, (rep.) oflnd., said that Mr. Adrain aadhat to* •••it*rt •<>*»"I'iaa batwof the twoceived for By—awe. Ifcas* eavvatpnadeuta mpstint Mr. Maynard as "aKnow Nothing." This assertion is con- tradicted by the entire record of the proceedings cf the House on Wednesday test. That gentleman was nomi- nated distinctly upon the ground •that be was not aadShip Rebecca Simms, with 140 barrels of oil and ISO pounds of beae.* » President oommanicatod his Message to Congress. The SxcaxtATT read them accordingly.would say to gentlemen now, you behold a free lakessrof the South. 1 bear the commission of tho State ot SouthCarolina I am t free laborer of the South, and it can-not be supposed that we would stigmatize and stultifyourselves. No, sir, no. The position is this—that thenatural, appropriate and beneficial relations existingbetween the two races now in the country Is, that of mas-tery on the one part and obedience, enlightened and be-neficial servitude on the other—beneficial to both racesand peculiarly as to the subservient race. That la thetrue position, and I speak now that the Senatormay not' afterwarda place upon the people ofSouth Carolina the ridiculous idea that they hold in con- hatred to the slaves or to their masters. It could not bo Mr. Maynard, and reaffirmed ia reply to interrogatories tempt the free laborer—that we contemn ourselves. IShip Montezuma, with 6,000 barrels oil and 6,000 pounds hone.Mr. K » G desired to say a tew words on these resolutions. He, in presenting them, was gratified to say, that the peo- the Mary Department have received despatches from ple of New York never wavered in their attachment to Bag officer Inman, dated Monrovia, Nov. 1- The vessels republican institutions and our present form of government. snnisnttog the squadron, seven to number, are pursuing All parties there entertained the sentiment, that the Union must and shall be preserved. That sentiment could not their work with commendable seal. The small vessels be turned to party account. The Union meetings held which were recently ordered there prove to be very had proved the strength of that sentiment, and the reso- tt in aav igating the inlets and bays heretofore into- lutions adopted speak for the whole people of the State.He called the attention of the democratic Senators, who by large class vessels. The traffic in slaves is had expressed disunion sentiments, to the fact, that thesestill largely pursued, and quits a number of captures have expressions of attachment to the Union came from promi-Ship Nile, wtth 600 barrels oil aad 5,000 pounds bone. . Ship Corinthian, with 660 barrets oil and 9,300 poundsas votes are wanting to make the republican or democraticfour millions of Southern slaves, as moral, social and re- ligious beings,occupy a higher position than any four toil- lions of the same i.ace in any part of the globe.Mr. Dooirrns—1 wish to refer to some Southern autho- rity on this question. I do not say that all the men or leading presses of the South to day take the ground that the laboring man is a slave, whether white or black; hut 1 do maintain, sir, that tome of the leading men at the South take that ground, tnd justify it upon the ground that the true wty of reconciling this troublesome question of capital and labor is simply this—that capital should own its labor and not hire it. Now, the honorable Sena- tor from South Carolina, the colleague of the Senator who first interrupted me, in his famous speech, denominated the "mud sill" speech, and in which language was used substantially taking the ground that the laboring white men of the North were slaves as well as the negroes of the South—that they were held in a condition of slavery.Mr. CBSSTKTT—I would say, Sir, that the opinions as well ts the feelings of the people of South Carolina upon that subject—and 1 suppose the opinions and feelinga of all other persons who think at all—is that the white man, whether be be t laborer or not, stands in this country upon the same full t n d equal right of dtiaenship. W e make no distinction except where the man is not a laborer. Where the man in the South is not a laborer, he is not the peer, not the equal of him who is a laborer. His one of ttte greatest misconceptions of this questions to su^ufv *a*«* fci.« nt:*. a»«» *r «KA f*mi*n Jhoee ofrespectable character; those who contribute to the character and welfare of the country—are not laborers sir, it Is our peculiar distinctive charsctistic that we are all laborers Many gentlemen speak of the free laborers oftheir names-On motion of Mr. STANTONthere was then a call of theSpeaker, BO surely must you supply them; you cannot es-1•smtrta*WASHEIGTOS, Jan. 3,1860.attacked the extremities was apt to extend to the vitals. Be did not think that the Senate should undertake to do any business under the existing state or thingsMr.DAVIShadnofearof therepublic. Hebelieved that the paralysis would soon be removed, and that re- newed health would follow. Though wo might stand on the brink of destruction, let every man do his duty.pairs for those gentlemen the republicans would furnish pairs for the olher absentees on the democratic side.Mr. JOHN COCHRAN*, (dem.) of N. Y ., said, in order to enableustoconsiderthisgeneroustadwiseproposition I move thht we sojourn.Mr. MOORS, (S. opp.) of Ky., bad been desirous of going home, but neither a republican nor a democratShip Levi Starbuck, with 200 bbls. oil aad 2,500 lbs. bone.ArrivedNovember11,shipWn Botch,with300bbls. o 1 and 3,500 lbs. of bone, and sailed 12th to cruise.Ship Adeline with 420 bbls oil and 3.060 of bone.Ship Wm. Thompson, with 140 bbls. oil and 13,000 lb?,There was a very slim attendance.Mr. HiMUN, (rep.) of 111., asked leave to withdraw cer- tain petitionsLaid on the table.Mr. MaixoxT, (dem.) of f i t . , introduced t bill to regu-ate tnd increase the pay of the navy; referred. Also a tola to modify the pay of parsers lathe navy; referred,After some farther conversation Mr. Davis postponed would pair with him. He asked, whether it was lair to hone, and sailed llth to cruise.referred.Mr. JoftNSO.v, (dem.) of Ark., presented a memorial of the Legislature of Arkansas taking for a Pacific Railroad.his motion until to morrow. Adjourned.Hoase of Re present at! ves. WAABEtcrrOx, Jan. 3,1660.THE SLA VERT QCSBTI0S.Ma BoTca, (dem.) of 8. C , resumed his remarks fromFriday, say tog he bad shownthat in eight Northern States,where the republicans were in a majority, obstructionsvote for an adjournment in order that absentees might come in?Mr. Wxxsxow knew that tbe absence of gentlemen, ex- cept one, was from mere accidentMr. Moon said they should not have left without a pair. After further convention the House adjourned.Latter from Mr. Daniel S . Sickles. TO TUB BDITvK OF THE HEBALD.WASHINGTON, Jan. 1, 1800. One or two of your Washington correspondents have fatten into several errors concerning the votes, say owaBark-Florence with 1,000 bbls. of oil and 15,000 lbs. of bone.Bark Typoe wtth 660 bbls. of o.l and 8,600 lbs. of bone, and sailed llth to cruise"Ship Martha with 600 bbls. of oil and 760 lbs. of bone. Ship Rapid with 600 bbls. of oil and 13,000 lbs of bone. Also arrived ship Abrtm Barker with 600 bbls. oil, andSailed 14th to cruise.Ship Roman wtth 500 bbls of oil and 4,600 lbs. of bone. Ship Hercules with 260 bbls. of oil, and sailed 12th to-erutae.Arrived November 14,bark Coral, with 460 barrels ofCertain private bills were read andv m s»*n.1 advtoos raoarrsd here toy our government from Mr. PaaBTOs Knw, (rep.) of N. Y ., stated that the reso-m wtofgtmmm tnoos amaww n—u mm—i lutions adopted tt the Union meeting tt Rochester, Newhad been thrown in the way of the execution of theFugitive Steve law. He took it tnr granted thai, to spite •»•<>»« others, which Mr. Maynard, of Tennessee, re- oil, and sailed tame day to cruise.are In fair way of a speedy and satisfactory York, had beea forwarded to the United States SenatorsThM intelligence hat bees received stooe from that State, and he would request that they be read. the South. They speak at if they never saw one. Iof disclaimers, the republican party, to sentiment. theoryand practice, area! war with that part of the Constitutionwhich provides for the rendition of fugitive slaves.It then follows that they are at warwith every clause referring therein to slavery, never had been a member of the Order./The votes offor they all rest on the same basis. Besides, they are at anti-republican members were sought ana given to him bone, and sailed 16th for New Zealand. war with the constitution when they make as a pecular as a national conservative representative, independentwww.fultonhistory.comi u «»!*>& ot.iA w flui it to a bless-date would enlv *dattjrould o a T y t ^ ^ ^ eTklgof whica theycom-of the United States, had not the power to make the pro-t c worms in behalf if their personal tsplraUd-A So hibition. The history of ^ts government, from the TM piainofthat. In reference to the' 8opreatoOBort,hedid Mr. Sravna (rep) of Pa , expressed the hope that such known as Peter Smith's title to real estate. Thtektodotvwws^ether with the otobqne overtures of certoin poUrpropelled.the huge Congressional current se*a fiercely lft't cf Ooceresg tnd there never was an act autnor- tion to make a final decision; but he did deny, if tho rattlesnake and prairie wolf, all living in the tame note. San Francisco, and about five millions worth In othertax rjtOAxxurwa ( » m* • ronwhc omw are enieninUnf on •fleeting an orgnai over the benches into the aisles, np to \he Clerks desk, ing that Territory, recognise the power of Con an expression to an opinion bearing upon apolitical quos person having tho largest number of votes be declared election of a United States Senator by toe next Legislature,.wwsw^aax*d»y,owingtotheabataeaof and,withareartadadash,©verthrd>soonsideratiosfbr a democrat, who ore not paired. They wiB all else, and hastens on to the election of a Speaker.1«Utothis,torthedaatocratawillnotaDowabal- Asidefromtnegravityof*£•«work,theecenoisfre- . u*. (his city quently radicrotts enough. There oa tsacb side ot the Hall,•MMtoiceielatouponthesubject0/slavery,auu tion,ttttithadanybindinginfluencewhatevertspon f & t o b y way of rSriotot uponjdtvlry; la^every Tar- them as members of the Senate or upon the President of rnory previous to 1847. But, Mr. Pr«»d«mt, X wilt have the United States, acting to bis capacity as President ofSpeakerofthisCongress. whichwastemeetonthefirstMondayinJanuary. ThaMr. AVERT, (dem.) otTenn., in speaking against the tor, B F. Washington, Collector of the Port of San Francis- republicans,urgedtheadoptionofMr.Clark'sresolution co;a H.Inge,formerlymemberotCongressfrom'*• ••) taken until the abeenteee to f«in» .suveeffthe vote several days.argued that every administration, fram as proper. He wanted a united South, united as a band Alabama; J. W. Denver, ex Governor of Kansas, ton dowa to the close of Mr. Polk's admlnistra of brothers, and not only united among themselves, butoccasiontorefertothatmoreindetailbeforeiooaciuueI desire for a single moment now to in S ' a n d ^ P ^ r b t e ' t o ^ o b e " - ^ thibgtoAheb«*>.theUnitedState?,toproveordisprovethelegislationofon their respectivu V«tochee,tre seated tha two great and6 a s ^ r t i i n ^ h o i s the presiding spirit Oat .bwugta W i l P h i i i g i ••% ith the patriotic band from the North who stand un- and James A. McDougal, one of the Californiaparties of Mm country—demoaratic tnd ropAbltcan—ltke tion, bad" "contended "for the right of Congrew falteringly by the rights of the South and all sections. members of Congress to ISM. , None ef thesaia my despatch la ye«*erday* BSBAI», two buna mastiffls "bending toteodshot eyes, with stern de- around this revolution of sentiment In this country. to legislate for the Territories. For nearly forty years candidates were regarded as permanently strong,The^tb^ti^ttbeS o u t h hftve ehJLn«*a t M r Krmmd the Judgts of the Supreme Courthad declared and main- Mr. WASHimtN, (rep.) of Mo., moved that the House snd t long struggle was anticipated with evea sbanoss will not too allowed to organisetheBouse, liberation and ceaseless vigilance, each upon the other's £ UtoVubJciof slavery. We stand• whereyou and your tained tho unquestioned and unquestionable power ofCon- proceed to vote for Speaker. The most speedy way to that no election will take place thitittm n Speaker would probatoly hare toeen elected every movements, tad each as carefully intent upon the fathers stood and where you yourselves stood a yery few gress to legislate for the Territories, and when they were secure an organization is to keep silence. Nothing pre- Telegraphic tales from Carton Valley are to the 11th of , m rtf* democrats and only one republican were mobile, limber tnd mischievous prants of the two turn- vears a ^ V w h a v e ; and your fathers, admitted stevery ?old to give up their opinions and subscribe to the dogma vented an organization more than tpeeohmaklng. December.spit curs, wbc—Souwi American tnd anti Leccmpton—fo^an^villanddidnot take the ground that it wts awhich declared that the constitution of its own force car- If gentlemen would not speak they could vote by yetsried slavery Into every Territory, they said they could and nays on every question now pending during a singlenot change their opinions, and when they were told that gwMS&UBif they did not change their opinions and insisted Mr. Wnnaow, (dem) of N. C replied that those on for w/aahtogtoa, taking with him 1 1 contribution to tha upon tie election ora man who believed as they believed he democratic side chose to be governed by their ownart, and therefore e balk* was refined, although theSouth imnrinr* and AnU-Leeomptonites turn.pace to the music of the Umon, eye with drool- the last few years. Did you assume the doctrine that•gainst delaying the esgaaixstioo of the govern log dewlaps the prise, spkted as they believe, and the natural condition of the laboring man and his normal condition is that of a slave? It is withini the last a tew men wore not in attendance open preparing for themselves in the Speaker's chair. few years that this doctrine has been promulged in theA large meeting was held at Genoa on the 10th to told farewell to Col. J. J. Master .the newly elected Delegate to Congress from Nevada. Be was to leave on tha 11thas President of tie United Stotea. The confederacy would opinions. • .•Washington monument a large specimen of euver ore.The TerrMorial EnUrprite of the 10th says tost ttte Cali- fornia Mining Conpanytof Virginia, after six weeks oftheir opinions either. Ttiey were not to have their opin- mtklng would facilitate an organization, or does the gen- ions changed by any such argument as that. It was am tleman desire to prevent it? *drifting, struck the main silver lead fifty-five feet belowmember of tbe American organization. He voted for him because Mr: Maynard was an old line whig, and with the view of organizing tbe Hoase, seeing the democrats bad no prospect of success.Mr. WINSJLOWmoved to adjourn.Mr. STAJ*OH, (rep.) of Ohio, suggested a call of the ot New York, for it was my native State. At the be- Bouse, to tee who are present •we of Wisconsin owe a debt of gratitude we can never repay. She has saved us from being cursed with the presence of that institution which, without speaking disrespectfully, I may be permitted to say, in my humble opinion, it sucking her very kfethat of Virginia? Why is it that to day, if our country were Invaded by a foreign foe, Wisconsin, young as she is, can bring more troops into the field, and raise m ireThe Commercial Adcrrtiter gives the following summary Mr. WDISIOW—You can get more specific information of the arrivals of whalers at Honolulu .—of existing party organizations—one of<he school of Clay. issue the question decided by the Supreme Court relative Preston, Choate and Reed. The political opinions andCOMMERCIAL 1NTKLLIGKNCK.SAN FRANCISCO, DOC. 12,1369.AXBBSSON,(dem.) of l l o . , presented thahe bettered he had said nothingBe wattSouthern men. He did not cornP*"*, . j0oUemen who Anderson understood these gentlemen had received no election was not regarded as atee».of the strength of poli- w / ^ r u t o aaisbt change their opinions, but « » " u e complained of compensation tea the ten twelve months, and that they tical paruea.Leeamptoattes, Americans and democrats, to agree on the support of nominees, from Speaker to Doorkeeper.tives were to be employed.The argument of a case to the Supreme Cawrt of Call-Mr. STASTOH wtehed to know whether balloting was toMr. Wnraiow—Some democrats are absent They will be here to-morrow.Mr. BTAXTON inquired whether Mr. Winsww did notMr. MASOS said that one branch of the government wasin a state of paralysis, aad there was no saying when thedisease would be removed. It was one which whon it against the democrats. If the democrats would furnish oil, and sailed 12th to cruise.Mr. Reynolds, who were absent, had persistently votedand sailed from Honolulu and Lahaiua.—Arrived November 10, bark Helen Snow, with 130 tobKThe weather continues fine, but business is dull and to stevery In the Territories. That same philosophy com- associations ascribed by some of your correspondent! to prices of all articles heavy. %pelled them to make war on s l a v e r y ^ the District of Co Mr. Maynard were repeatedly jmd publicly abjured by The only new item of interest is that a spirited demand for coal has sprung up, the two steamship companies, it is umbia, and everywhere in the States. Only one ot two his friends and in his preseate. This was done sponta- said, competing for the monopoly of the market. Anthra-lies a sea of blood. The only result is to do harm to the people of the South, against whom their venom and hatred are directed. *Ho ondemned what he termed the mise- rable pan der ere to the worst passions of the people. Was it fraternal to appeal to fanatics to take the sword in hand for the liberation of the slaves?Mr. HICKMAN, (A. L. dem.) of Pa., who had been re- ferred to by Mr. Royce, explained that in his remarksforty-six democrats voted for "a Know Nothing" when they voted for Mr. Maynard as a gentleman equally op- posed to the anti slavery crusade of New York republi- canism and the prescriptive bigotry which distinguishes the Medusa?head of Massachusetts fanaticism.And your correspondence is also unjust and inaccurate in tbe speculation that I voted for Mr. Maynard to secure tbe aid of the Southern opposition members in retainingmeffat the South, and leading presses at the South, who the other day he meant that if the Southern States at any my "contested seat" My seat ia not contested, nor canundertake to justify slavery, not on the ground of negro slavery, but upon the broad, higher ground that capital should own its labor and not hire It.Mr. rutin, (dem) of Ohio—Will the Senator name some man or newspaper that has adhered to this doctrine?period of time shall determine on the dissolu- it be. No proceedings have been taken by either of mysas, which, in his opinion, realized substantially . Equally inexact is the statement of another correspon-rolina thief and renegade, Helper, has introdaoed itibto his book, although, if be had consulted tharecords he would have found that the preceding aad suc-ceeding sentences denied the deduction he made from itand disproved the expression of opinion he attributed tome. Hence I say, with respect to this, the Senator dealsunfairly and unjustly to the South and unjustly to himselfasanAmericanSenator,thustoquoteadetachedsentence was worn threabare by the republicans and dtybyMr.Scott ^ from a newspaper, and attribute opinions to the editor ofMR. Pootrns.—AS to reading the paragraph, that is a question of construction between the ttnatorwith the old anti-Leoompton dish, and therefore was not disappointed.which is extensively circulated among my constituents. In so doing 1 must not be understood as departing from my invariable rule never to notice aaf of the thousandopponents in tbe canvass of November, 1868, as required by the act of Congress prescribing the mode of contesting the election of a member of the House of Representatives, and the time within which the legal notice ot a contest should have been given aad the testimony taken •hasMr. Ci r RK—I do not rise to assign any excuse for my course,but rather to express the pletaure I shall hare In voting for anational eoDservsdve member for Speaker, although he maynot belong to my own party. I beheve that tt was to gentle-men holding opinions similar to those of Mr. Maynard McGown k Sharp, and extended to that occupied by Hanks that the country was indebted tor the success of the democratic h Berkshire, grocers, tnd Daniel Mills, liquor house. Tha party In the '^residential canvass of 1866. Nor canI forget tbe effective aupport I had the honor to receive ta mylast canvass, from constituents entertaining tbe tame viewaAnd,besides«iswellknownthatinthe>eeentelectionintheState of New York, ike republics* organtraUoa suffered a fatalblow through the natriotlc action of the old line whfas. Be-lieving, sir, that when sectional men combine, tt ta toe righttime for national men to unite, I rota with great pleasure forMr. Maynard, of Tennessee.dent, that no other Northern democrat voted for Mr. May- nard. Mr. Scott, or California, Mr. English, of Indiana, and Mr. Florence, of Pennsylvania, united in the same c'.lort to concentrate tbe anti republican elements in the Bouse. That this overture waa not misunderstood or un- appreciated to the House of Representatives, is sufficiently proved by tbe very large vote received oa the foUowmgBALTTMORS, Jan. 8, I860 flour quiet; Howard street $6 26. wheat firm but a land bribe. It wts a myth, and existed only In the were more usefully employed to standard works of fiction. quiet: white, $1 261 $1 40. Cora quiet and unchanged.dation for the charge that the Compromise bill contained the production of the numberless "items" of the press,6rfftc e< ,, u rMoa-AvrlwaU mt tmaPORTLAND, Me Jan. 3—11 P. M.r n n B d B t o t W a o l e t u ?2?J .f .< -. 5?*«reals for D. 8. No. 12; stock 20,000 boxes Sterling exBe would vote for the admission of a 8tate recogni- sons waselected Speaker of the House. Governor Chase's the West Indies, Florida, South and Central America, as•ootoSt.Joseph;nowit CourthtaestebltelwdtbafteSi^*.•*»«* Soprani' Mr.Misni^eai.) ofVai.(interrupting)_TheSenator, would not. under asai»y d«ircumstancos," tolerate any mailsandpassengersfromoceantoocean.stevary into the Territortet •l*',*T»boW*ra to <»">' I presume, refers to my colleague. gressnortheTerritorialla.**?J**neHh«rCoo- Mr.Do*iuma-1do,sir.power, could Impair that t S^T*' l?r "F human Mr. MASON—My colleague is not present. I have act a very distinct recollection of what opinions he tdvaooed,designed to etevate citixens travelling ta slave States h a ^ . a a t h T ^ S r e ius- gncd to elevate negroes to terms of politicalnegroestotermsofpoliticalpusonofhote.ogobnoxioussentiments,beensubjectedto GovernorSewardwill fateitintheSenatethis eqaaltty with the whites, and tho whole history and legis-^ f ^ Z S * ^ rt lt 0 CCMthe^ b y s o u t t i e r n ^ S o n s t fnB 1 K1the whole history and legis- espionageJndi|Dity,arrcsiaad iialrrt»ntoeat a S T u S track.S?* ndufcrent claaises mdxwibetweenthe free•nd disunion was exceedingly distasteful to toe freVsutesrltuck; wreckers have gome to herat Cur-ami—inn sMWildeherrceTfavoOrirngt ^sulclhf a* "resu^lt.7Is*eage'rly cauWghtwuna arndStates, the ideaorforate had commenced to tost the validity ef what k»candidates most spoken of were. Governor John B. WetShip James, with 400 barrels oil aad 440 pounds bone.HAawtoXFOKT, MASS., Jaa. 3, lsod. The schooner Oliver M Petit, Clark, frouKffloston for Mobile, n in UK bay frozen up; also, tbe arlmi^i Golden Fleece, Young, "from Beverley for New Yorkfateo, thaBacon 7)^c. t 9>»c. Intelligence.Z^£2T£^*F?W*'^.roturssto Europeta ths Prince Albert, fram tha city to morrow. During ofUtorewbUMddwHItahUvenlemte^, t o fstone of the new Uiifveratty of the South, which has been& b W « Seik!the Senate caucus iwmmated Mr. Iranete.of Taahaaa"f*!TM?* "5 • to pre w <lc*8ii«aker.aadRutsenEnettforCteAJ,mM 0 * '2S1 E 3 £J^Stt^» 8ea*aaaiiouB- , TM* groaad to laying tha corner 