 II8ILT PiPO£TlNT FIOH VASHIKeTON. fused itSenator WasOB returned to-day from his Easterntour. He says that wonderful firmness prevails Beaisnation of the Secre- thronghout the North, with a growing feeling for theThePn^ressof the Palmetto Rebellion.to to Majoss and Wad- performed by Rubskli,MOULTRIE.BALTiHoas, Saturday, Dee. 39.The Sun of this city tos on its bulletin a specialfor ttoy land-tarythrough very largeanpart est. Thus less than two millions are accepted anof War.preservatliHilaws. Many Bell-Everett men join in this feeling.The general sentiment, he says. Is against any com- of our army Is famlslied and subsisted by tills means. amount aboot rafficMtt it Is said, to pay the interest seems to as tto Nation might tove Ixen spared the 7th Inst, with MO Africans on board, destined forWAVERINC POSITION OF MR. BUCHANAN.canPlatformtoguidehim injustice at his hands.;their garrisons, and still less afford to die under it. It is one to aonsent to ation. I was there threeWARLIKE PREPARATIONS.Elwts at CoiproHise In tlie Hoose who were natives of the United States; that it would bemilitary service which is not in perfect order,Carolina, rooming.pretence of Lieut. Orn. Scott at tkt Ifational Capital, and at the right hand of the more than to the fore-to-detachment of sixty sol-{fecialCoBDittet.sto comes as a Free State, andBut if our Government Is to perish, let It at least Aship, by project Is on foot at Nassau toAoothCTpnpaftk*tacB knocked Irom vndw Ub. 1%s!JiMEiuOoD ofcould reach totter results ;MB* detaUs, from reliable anthorlty, may be inter- cMag.ultimate destruction of the Republican Party. TheVery respectfully, your ol>edient servant," What Is the meaning of all these secret sessions to ernor ?" Prudence would indeed prevent us from try-IDISPATCHESdifficulties. The Southern members nearlystagger kelplettly to its /all, and dit under tke tpum- ing/eet of a reckless mob.SECRET SESSIONS OF THE SOUTH CARO- LINACONVENTION.THB riDISAL CONSTITUnOS. Correspondence of the Columbia Soutk Carolinian.,Snuday, Dae. SO.because it did not reach the root of difficidty, which they frankly declared could only to settled by providing for the protection of Slaverya properotherswhovotedagainstIt spokeforcibly,indorsing It appears that Secretary Flotd, with the fall what Washsitui said.CIBFATCB TO TBX ABSOCIATID FSIS8. Wasbikotoh, Sunday, Dec. 30.were reviewed on and were then ordered parade,who is not acontinued a good while from necessity, and was af- aided with the President in refusing. The contest was terwards followed to aflbrd accommodation to con- -warm and protracted. Flct> said a compliance would tractors In their very ^ large and exten-to to observedtheas aday havug cleared for a legal voyage to tto Coast of Afri-able, in view of the fast that Flotd put his resignationso distinctly on the ground tliat the President re-jusfappreciatlonSteamaMp Karaak-AedTicrpending all<^>posed it,IllshiHior, positionrespecteduntilof the Union and the enforcement of thesuppliesThe Committee of Thirty-three met onAdams' proposition to admit New-Mexico at once as a State, received the votes of all the Republicans pres-entexceptTattaii of New-Hampshire, Washbuus ofklipbeingfrom the directionof Cuba, and took otfSeixnie of Oovemment Aims in Wiseonsln, Killoso of Illinois, MoaaiLL of Vermont,and RoBiiiBOH of Rhode Island. Washbuu spoke wise forecast demands of the Government to sustain dispatchthe Chmrleston Arsenal. declared that it was an of a against It, and oSeringnew Slave State and two United States Senators to appease Southern wrath ; that it was a proposition to create a State without a people, to strengthen Slavery; that the Territory had not more that 700 white peoplethese contractors by all fair and legitimate means.I have now nearly brought my administration of the War Department to a close, and I will to excused for adverting to it briefly. There is not one branch of the as farcarpenters some unprotected defence of tto Government and the plorable condition, and II died while on tto Cay, al-itfjust to the old States to admit her as a State, though^e onlyaged,and theevery departmenttoIn excelled.military chieftains to save us from political anarchy. CX* * • * * *yealllnn. but this was not for the President to consider. to the holder when filed in the Department, out ofany moneys due to contractors. These acceptancesdent a plan In n-ritlog for the blockade of Charleston, p<dicy. To sever his connection with the President nor has any complaint whatever, untU then, t>eeu reinforcing strongly all the Southern garrisons, andproval of the appointment, and recommend to tbe Church in this diocess to observe the said day withthe brig, and was taking her to Key WestThe brig Tovn, hitherto a regular trader between New-Orleans and this poit, also sailed yesterday on a to St Paul de Loando. She too, I lieaidHe urged the withdrawal of the troops as a matter ofends andof war'ssolemnities ofThe following services are hereby appointed to to;aader existing circumstances would be the most pain- ful act of his life. If the Administration was popular and succeasrul, he could cheerfully withdraw, but un* lea the pledge given upon the honor of the Adminis- tration, as well as his own personal honor, was kept, to had no altemative but to resign.The President persisted in his refused to comply with the demand, and Secretary Flotd witlidrew andheard that means were not provided to meet and re- deem them. There has never been the least conceal- mentormysteryaboutthisbusiness. Itwasperfect- ly known to all who had any interest In knowing any- thingaboutit. TheyharebeengivenoiUywhenthere was a subsisting contract, out of which means to meet them would certainly arise, and for the execution ofsuggesting other military preparations. This, how- ever, it is said, was not received with favor.The Committee of Thirty-three, onsidered Mr.NsLsoK's proposition for amendments to the Constitution, t>eing substantially those offered by Sen- ator CaiTTiNLxn. On motion of Mr. Corwik, the Com-**mittee struck out the wordsso that a division on the line of 36°, 30' mayble only to territory now held by the United States. The 17 jeas were composed of the Republicans, with Messrs. David, of Maryland, and Stoitt, of Oregon. The nays, 10, were all from the Slave States, with the exception of Mr. Bckch, of Cailforaia.The question on the adoption of the article as amended was negatived.Yxas— Messrs. Briftow of Kentucky, Bureh of Cali- fornia, Hamilton of Texas, Million of Virginia, Nel-the the carriages, will soon to In a position todiocese hereinafter set forth belast evenirg, had been captured by the Mokavtk. There is not the least moral doubt as to tto ulti- mate object of these vessels before they leave tiiis har- tor, yet there Is not any legal proof that would justifytheir detention. It is when they get to sea their- onlyreal character can to ascertained.MBibers here are very uneasy under this report.;n^,bleeding to deathyoa."unpaid acceptances, and for which they were to t>e Sen. Lahi is spoken of as Flots's successor, substituted, and held as collateral to their own obli- tot rumor says that Adjt.-Gen. Cooru will be gations. The pay accruing under this contract for ctfled on to discharge the duties of Secretary of War. next season will be more than enough to cover theHampshire, Washburne of Wisconsin, Windam of Minnesota—10.Mr. Dvntta offered a resolution ttot theof the State receive the payment of duties in any biil^— whereIcangetthesewoimdsdressed IamIf the Message of the President is sent, the policyof Delaware, tos written to Mr. JiMzs RiDDLX, of Wilmington, on the present stateagree that if AnzasoR is censured or ordered back,will move the impeachment of the President Aaszasos'B brother is In town. He had an inter-possibility have been disappointed. But the promises made me were not kept—were broken. This paper was, it seems, placed in the hands of the Clerk of the Interior, who had abstracted a large amount of secu-parThe Convention then adjourned till 10 o'clock onSunday morning.The Committee on Constitution tove prepared anThe Ordinance concerning the judicial powers of the United States Courts revests those powers into the Courts of South Carolina as the General .\isemblytto NorththeyTlew with CaiRUDix and some of the South rities belonging to th: Indian Trust Fund. Findingconcerning the vested in powers latelyAaierlcans of the House. He thinks they will offer a laaoluliOB indorsing the act of Major AnDitsoxin tteevacaatlon of Fort Moultrie. If moved in the Senate, it will alto be done in the House, especially if the President censures him. Gen. Scorr, who has toesLox,thinks it vain to moot the question of coercion orof pay«blebringingsufferingof late from ill-health, isimproving.an enabling bill for that purpose. Agreed towhen the pedble come to elect delegatesto suchaHewilltn this matter. The Cabinetacrimonious. It is Intimated that the President'swith the question of Union or disuniondispositionwithdrawingalone,public min- isters the powers are continued nearly the same as in the United Stales Courts. The General Assemblyprobablybe referred toby CongresssoonCommittee absent or States wereConvention, choice will fall those*'to and unembarrassed circulationthe more freewas'These facts are abbreviated from the official pro- Black and ,and so regarding it, I will be pardoned for adverting ceedings, the injunction of secrecy toving toen re-Coneress as r,ow constituted, and urges this coursesion of the Treasury Bills," it was resolved as regardsdecidedly AasxBsoH from Sumter, bat that;Convention—as theof a National enlyatnaetion would fasten suspicion on him indelibly. Tbe President was last night writing a message to \ acnd to Congress to-morrow, relative to South Caro-latterly pretty evident that but small profits, if any,tion with additjoaal "clauses explanatory of its trueDredon the contrary, Colonists"—whitethe movement sufficient strength lessons on the piano-forte. His terms areinfavoroftion of administrative considerationI thinkthousand dollars. In ca^es the affecting—way of escape impendingmeetingwasof the Bonds of ttohave, until the past Autumn, been to large amounts,public worship.which there was an existing appropriation. prohibited by no law.rested upon thegiven for last season's work, and which were heldwereThe President then read a communication fromFifty-sixthe aid of the Pope In the diocese of Havana,teen thousand dollars in the diocese of St Jago deTliey The Issue of these acceptances within this monthproceedingsprayer.as collateral In different securityplaces bytractors were anxious to postp )ne until next season.Tbe first lesson shall to Micah, chapter vi., to verse10.The s( cond lesson shall to St. Luke, chapter vL, verse 27 to the end.The Collect, Epistle, and Gospel for the day shallThey represented that this could be done with ac-other business,Mr. DvHKiH said there was an act of Congress Inhands alone of those banks and firms who then heldYork, Kellogg of Illinois, Morrill of Vermont Morseof Maine, Robinson of Rhode Island, Tappan of New- specie when taxes are payable in Bank-notes.I cando for nothingthis to be the case, I have not hesitated to give an order to cancel aiM annul all those acceptances. The . perversion has rendered them void and of no effectI lam gratified to assert a confident belief that novery gress.The Issue of this paper resolves itself into a ques-OrdinanceCongress^ transfening them to the General Assembly, except during the existence of the Convention. These powers are not to extend without the directloik of the Convention to duties ondeclarations of war, treaties, Ac.tobearer,whichwouldtovettoeffectof into circulation some portion of tto treaau*civilwar, and If that is once commenced. It Is impossible Treasury, useless alike to the public and the State.Holt,Stastov declared they would If very briefly to this aspect of the subject These con-moved.The President accepted the resignation of Gov.gen- LETTER FROM SENATOR JOHNSON, OF over by the Island Treasurer, was appointed topointIt is stated late to-night, on apparently good author- has shown that such confidence has been misplaced,of that State desired to make a contract in Senator Csittssbki will propose his resolutions St. Louis for a large supply of warlke materials-were those of the !fortk American, Instead oftto Aus-one connected in in any way, directly, remotely,be as a State, on an equal footing with the original States, and that the Committee cause to toprepared12 against 10not voting. The only two from the Slave Beistow, of Kentucky, and Datts, of Maryland.Tills proposition appears to have eonvineed tto Span- ish Bank of Havana that the Oovemment was Inde- pendent of it, for at a meeting of proprietors, mer- chants, capitalists and directors of banto held at theany shape or form, »tth the duties of the War Depart- ment, had any the least connection with or know- ledge of this embezzlement, in its inception or Its pro-mayresign this was dose. tractors have by a long series of years of faithful,TocoiT was less posttive, but cameclusion, and tills settled the question, and Flotd re-signed. Thomas sjrmpathlies with Floid, but is re- with the transportation for the army in the country ly- Frontier States have lieen in consultation, and ap-atralned by a knowledge that the Harylaad masses ing beyond our Western settlements. They had neverthe judicial officers. The Act of Con-are for the Union. ir~& considered probable, how-failed In any of their engagements, and had executedThe Convention will take the der consideration.subjectof iieason untheir rights and to attempt to maintain them Havana'' 10 receive a portion of the same as specie in thatmayhavetobemadetoit The in the Union, and if she fails in this to any payments Bank on tols wlU be made thisto the same con-Flotd the same day It was tendered.Some of the Senators and RepresentaUves from theappointARKANSAS.A lotlcr from Senator JoBusorr, of Arkansas, ap-issue of Trea- met at 8 o'clockhonest and most efficient services, won the confidence and good feeling of all persons having any cormection" toof certainmorecrimes, approved March 3, 1825," ismany of them under circumstances of peculiar em-ever, that the Secessionists will soon own him also. barrassment. They were men of very large wealth basis is the only solution of pending political ques- TaOMPSOK would resign, except for the fact that his and most extensive means, and possessed fully the tions. It Is recommended that the Sl^eholding ddag so prior to an investigation of the bonds ab- confidence of all who knew them, it has l>ecome States should withdraw, taking the present Constitu-Chaklestok, Sunday, Dec. 30. The Convention met to-day at 10 o'clO(tk. Afterthe v,&s read. prayer jrurnalThe President received a communicatioii^rom Gov.'ollow the example of South Carolina. He does not derision of the pointcoi dcmn the course taken by South Carolina, lor no %'be Spanish ship Emigrante arrived yesterday from less decided stand would have attracted any atten- Manilla, v.a St Helena, with 178 "Aslaticos, free:places, the con-cxxx., the cxxi named.and the Ixvii., In- the order atove,at Madrid.A man was woundedffwaBHBBRwess?aB)e Hetnlixfk ffime^.TOL. X.—f.<0. 2d95. NEW-YORK, MONDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1860.withdraw Aisiuoh from Sumter, and that tto order conaected with the subjeet of contracts for traasport- submitted to a vote of the people of the Ualted States. soon as samples were furnished tto order would toPRICE TWO CENTS. FKO.V HAVANA.THE NATIONAL CRISIS.for It will be Issued to-morrow. This seems improb- atlqn, and one which cannot be overlooked with any The same will be offered in the Boose. A bill for tto given. Accordingly, tto samples werepreparad, andThe evacuation of Moultrie com- B«u«l«ij Turn yesterday, after an excited Cabinet la tto future acquisition of Territories. A few South- proofs of them. I Invite any invesUgatloa which tto menced a little after sundown on Wednesday. Tbeby a person named Smitb, from the State ofpl, who paid |Ii,OCO for her, and Is now maklag his41ae<usion, ranning Uuoagh f<»ty-elght hours, will ern men favored it, for the purpose of passing it, as House may think proper to institute Into any or all oiyrin no one, after what is already known. Tet they thought it might do present good, and prove the of my official acts.arrangements with a certain notoriouskaowledge and consent of the President, pledged his Letters have been received by all those who votedkoBor that no change should l>e made in the position against these compromises, from their constituents,•f aiBdrs in Charleston harbor,—Sooth Carolina fully indorsing their course,(Mng a pledge to respect all public property A member of Congress has received a letter fromit the meantime,—antll the Commissioners could a captain in the Utah army, who is a strong Demo- troops from Fort Sumter. In the Secretary's opinion to reeeired here, and the whole matter crat, denouncing the Administration of Mr. Bdcbasas, tills was incumtont on the Administration from theof the vessel. It wasplaced Capt Wnxs in command of tto Wandir-give the eommaadknowawho of course sup-,circumstance. With a mutual desfre to taoees, tlie Commlsaionera called on Secre- to come and be settled now, and tliat says Liaooui's avoid civil war and ttloodshed, it bad toen agreed by haduponcitadel, Tills citadel:causeforapprekension but since that expression of wasconsideredmore nottoto referred to Congress. Under these ciream- and the secession movement He wants tlie contest followingsentiment, strange and startling rumors tove reachedprudent Capt Wizkb,taij Fiats, and charged the act of Major Ajioiuos, Administration would be sustained.fei diking the cannon, etc, as not only a violation Mr. RussxLL will complete his ball bond on Tues- •f loteBin pledges, but an act of hostility—as much day, when his New-York friends arrive.was made he would havethe outer bastions lo the citadel, and afterwards blown up the other portions of the fort For this purpose mines had already been sprung and trainsodIaaTowed Asiuaon's act, but the Commissioners esting at this time. It will be sent to Speaker Pxk- The movement of Major Airnuson was a vioas If he had charged and fired his guns. Flotd The tollowing communication is particularly inter->»«imjj some tangible evidence, and demand thevltbdiawal of the troops from Fort Sumter. Futd «apiidered tlie demand reasonable and proper, and Ok the Cabinet beisy summoned, he askedj permis- itai of the Prestdent to eompty with the demami,aoi only as a matter of policy, but as called for ttopMgegivenSouthCarolina. HishonorandtheBUiaioR to-morrowlation of this solemn agreement whichcould not be repaired except by witli- drawtng of the troops, which measure was tnus demanded by the tonor of the Government While toth branches of Congress are engaged in endeavorsuiitii atottercanto or framed,Slave-tradlDgfriendsofthisCity plyr of tlie Administrationself to make a short, plain statement of the facts con- nected with tto iulyect.Atowttoelattoyaar 1818, H baeaoe abaotatdy la^i« tr^Ht of traaaportatloa acfOMmeans to pat those ttaias in Botkm. Aeeeptanoas were given to contraFtnrs then to eaakia them tostart, and they did so. The practice thus t)egun wasUmm goQS, as well as those constituting—cans on board « prize to a Spanish man-of-warencnt piupeity to be protected as similar propcztr-] protected at Boston, New-York, or Mobile. Secretaries Tbohnor and Thomas backed Flots in Ihia demand, and ToueiT, Hou, Black and Stakiosfriends,Virginiato follow out hisIrecallingthetroops, Uavlngthe6qt-poli-bybeing sacredly pledged,formed of thefr TheFrenchshipLeslia,ofToulon,wasbroughtin-:The bar-the ;properlyWas DlPABTMMiT, Dec. 27, 1860. So—So much has been said very recently about the policy of this Department in granting acceptances to contractors for transportation across the Plains, thattto requisite funds, is on the lookout for «n^thfrI deem it due alike to Congress, the public and my- to settle the sectional controversy, it was deemed ttoof Capt. WziEB, and you will be fully and early in-duty of the Government to maintain relations of peace with the Southern States. Mr. Flotd, it is said by hissoon returns tocy of restraining to tto extent of his power any actVto Fort Moultrie, provided satisfactory assurances can to given that they will not be there attacked by the South Carolinians.alosie allow him to remain with honor in his present sive work. Their purport Is to give preference There seems to to reasons for the tollef that Heat-areTheopenedwithand six-bis letter of resignation.Knmor says that Secretaries Tsoupsok and Tbohas-will resign to-morrow, as they fully recognized the I^edge which had been given.Official dispatches to Government represent that the'^Ide-Awakes in Chicago and St Louis, in connec-tion with the Wide-Awake German laborers, are i£-tendlag lo seize upon the St. Louis Arsenal, contaln- The strongest assurances were given that this of Peimsylvania, Corwln of Ohio, Curtis of Iowa, cently permitted the Banks of the State to suspend lag thirty thousand stand of arms, if any attempt Is paper was only to go, and certainly to Davis of Maryland, Dunn of Indiana, Ferry of Con- specie payments. Specie is now four per cent, pre-madetoremovethemtotheSouth. TheICisaouri go, by agreement alreadr made, into the necticut,HowardofMictiigan,HumphreyofNew- mium, andit isunfairtoaskpaymentofdutiesinCuba, together seventypennedfollowingconsiderationsThoseceptances, which on their face represented that theywouldbepaidwhenthemoneytheycalledforwas sonofTennessee,PhelpsofMissouri,StoutofOre-relation to special duties. Tto Legislature had re-gon, Whitely of Delaware—8.earned by the contractors for next season's work. Nats—Messrs. Adams of Massachusetts, Camptollbe the following:of good adminisfratljn. Good and thoroughly responsible contractors for traniportaiioa across oar immense plains are extremely importantpayment of tbe expenses of taking tto vote will also to offered.are now on thefr way to that State. 'Ttose prepara- tkna for military defences are made, we thlnx, under a law of tto last Legislature, which prorided 9400,000ArrlTal of theof tke BlaTe-trade—Wreck of an Aaerl.The current report that tto South Carolina Com- or tSOCOOO for this parpose. Every article wanted persons to our little army, and dlfficolt to obtaia. missioners would depart In the morning is untrue. can to speedily furnished in this city.raa Slare-trader at Key Iioboa— TachtWaaderer ready far aaether Cralae—There Is no other service like It known la tto world. Nowhere else on tbe globe would tto idea to enter- tained of subsisting an army by transportingoverland a distance of a ttous-They will protobly receive tto President's answer to thefr requests to-motrow. aThe Secretary of tte Treasury has refused to ac-PATRIOTIC SENTIMENTS FROM A DEMO- CRATIC QUARTER.Newa.the arrival of tbe steamer Kamakitsand or twelve hundred miles,cept anyanla sacrifice of and con- If the present contractors, who have so long and so principles,vancing armyTeasyto haveheld It ;and Itofthe AmericanshipCay Lotos, on ttoBcTtlattoBS tf Coarlictty witb the promise involvingstant demands are made upon Representatives to faithfully performed ttoir work, should fall or be-on the public c'lbt due on the 1st of January.CHARLESTON ARSENAL SEIZED.AnnnA, Ga., 30. Saiiday,Dec.mors couU kavs /rrevtnted any attack ;and it would•wsmall In with tto risk and dam- the Arsenal at Charleston to-day, containing many OTOclalmed long ago, that tkc duly of tkt FederaltmHh CartliM Rekels.tkt PrtiMNt ud the other Membm tf the CaUset Ufvd MajoriDderten'i loTcmeat.come so embarrassed as to be unable to do their work stand Arm. and supply tto army. It would result in tto loss to the A letter was received from Springfield, 111., to-day, United States of a vast sum of money—probably by apromiBcnt Senator,from one of Mr. Liroolh's most a million dollars. But the pecuniary loss wouldtove toen to tove tent two thousand to Baowir, who with his crew seized upon tto easy mere,say natfaing of shlps-of-war to sustain them. Major schooner Lily, of Nassau, and compelled tor master Ansaasoa had acted nobly in saving Us little garrison to render assistance. Tke captain of the Lilg haiunintobited wilderness;yetaBank of the State.The South Carellna Commissioners liave notified amount of acceptances piedicated on it To Ins ire kansas, Sfratton of New-Jersey, Taylor of Loulsana, Mr. Massxtce— If necessary, the banks can increasethis stipulation I consented to issue paper only inlarge amotmts, and in the form which would be,ac-eeptable. If at all, to those who knew the perfect cision thus reached made it clear to his mind that solvency of the contractors, and who had already there would to no agreement by the Committee upoa money engagements with them to a large amount, the propositions for the adoption of amendments totheir circulation, and embarrassment will then to im-possible.The motion In reference to commercial relationswas then lostThe P&XBiDXKT here received a communication fromthe Governor, tlirougb T. Watts, in relation to the Charleston harbor.The Convention tiien went into secret session. It is underttcodthe Military bill is under consideration. The Convention this morning passed the ordinance authorizing the reception of bills of twnks of tto State by Collectors of the ports, provided none of them totto President that unless an official reply be received ta-morrow to their note, they will leave at once for tome.Hon. b. R. SiaaLZToir, of Uisslssippi, delivered aatioBg secession speech to a large meeting In Culpep- and who had, as I was Informed, and as I believed, the existing Constitution, which would to effectualpar, Va., yesterday, and was loudly applauded. already consented to and desired the arrangementIf these promises and faithful engagements hadfor the settlement of the issue now pending totween the two great sections of the country, growing out of the Slavery question, and that in consequenee, it wasbeen performed, no difficulty could ever haveof tto Republicans is to table it at once In the House. resulted from the transaction. It could not his purpose to take no further part In the delitora-SenatorBatasd,Several Republicans are together, discussing at the and would not have misled or deceived any, tions of the Committee ; and it was his determinationMattooal to-night their future policy, and nearly all one. No expectation based on it could by anynot to vote upon any other propositions pending to- fore it He further stated that he did not intend tothat it was ids intention to remain in a position which would enableor desfrable. Thereupon, Mr. Tat- necessary appearwith Messrs. Wikblot, of North Carolina, and UouBTOH, of Alabama, left the Committee room.below the value of the Bank of South Carolina. the present state of affairs upon the Republican Party. redeemable in four, six and eight months.werethis wasses in money affairs. The revulsions which recently case, upim whidk it is supposed New-York,likely putrealized great dangermeatf.ng, Suprait')F. W. FicKZKS, through Lis private secretary, read It.and thusand dignity to insure theguarantees from the North. The Legislatureto befrom their and operations,intent andwho The Governor therein nominated the followingSsott Penn- lina. lUe denounced Axdiksom, and indicated an in- swept over the country have arisen from no cause which sylvania, Ohio, tdiana, Ulinois, Iowa and New-giveftould demand the prompt repealintofrom the recent rever-oftheCourtin themonth for COMVIBCIAL..tention tcdisavow his act in the document To-night, business men could be fairly called upon to take the Jersey would unlti The argument Is the remainingHens. D. F. Jamisos, of Barnwell A. G. McGratii lation in every Northern State ; protection of the since my last advices. Freights dull, but rates teBit-^vHI do not meet a stagle Northern man here who fails to denounce the Prest4ent's disposition to order As- Biatoatostrikehisflsf. Holtespeciallyis<><laQian- tiue on thisity, ttot tto President hat detemiMd, after aU, torisk of. They have been fromia niideislt)od that he may postpone the Message for fiaiheradvices. Hismentalconditionistrulydeplo- Tskla.political causes, commercial or monetary action. Under this evident fact, I was not unwilLlog to afford tljese employes of Oovemment any assist-and C. G. Mimmikoih, Newbury.its with the seceding States.and supportnot from any violated law ofthoie of New-EngUnd one, and thefj iDpathy Convention of allderogate nothingsound Administrative discretion, although tbe sequelCourt by Court, toci>r;mj.j ury growingWARLIKE PREPARATION.The St. Louis Republican publishes the following A bouse in this city received a letter yesterday fromcan refute to concede all justdemands.— was aimounced a few that tto CuiLDKiiT.of Itthe custodv and care ofdatytso acgaoiidren of SuIre.stainodn Mrs. Bckch tod been brought liefore ttotatian,edLotos on afterwards,Caycould not cost much stort of a million dollars, and would requfre months of industry and activity to prepare. It would to very clear to any one that aDSLL,a A bloody eiw, byJirmness.as means are afforded of knowing, and they are anyvery complete. Some have tocn particularly encour-President,thought or Gdeltyofthe SecretaryofWar.lt shows up-illremain at Fort Sumter.They may to remandedonTo Ike and ClergyLaity ofofandl think;Improved disciplineis excellent,licanism, that the eyes of the are turRneepdubt-o peopleon tbe but the slaves had I9th,as well as the officers of thetoencarriedtoCutobrig.accountability couldsuperior scarcelyauttorlty tothe lightno system of accounta- bilitycouldtomoreperfect MesefactsIconfidentlyHiddenassert, and the Department isfull of ttoCvurur saysmen vrere ordered to hold themselves in readlaess,Mlisisalp-The ground assigned in Secretary Floyd's let- ter of resignation, was the refusal or delay of thecr, he returned to this having recentlyPresident to consent to an orderttoCity, from aa coast of Africa, where tto vessel he then commanded (a slaver) was c^tared by a British cruiser. Upon second thoughts, towever, itthe Administration that there should to no change la the condition of things in Ctorleston Hartor, and by South Carolina ttot she would make no attack upon the troops or property of tto United States.sliengthenc'dIn every;way loop-holescut,A resolution was Introduced KMlay, which wUI probably te adopted, to elect Commissioners t» all the siaveholding States, (which liave appointed Con- ventions,) for the purpose of procuring action >k con- cert. The Committee on the siaveholding States tove reported a resolution providing that the Constitution, now known as the "Constitution of tke United States," be proposed to tkose Conventions at q leite bondofunion,« MCA win lead to Moodshedsolution tocomes Inevitable, tolls reconstruction.-te tto fiji^ tUcaiaMil noA^ tiiaB eattfiiV «awa tto Aagatar, aadhaving DiocysHoriKW-ToaK,ontbirouBiadat previoustoherc^ure.and exert himsalf, (f dis- It it is not certain that Major Amiasoir and forcesGen. Scon, several days ago, submitted to the Presi-up desolation. TheAbsxrtor Not VoTtiro—Messrs. Boyce of South; saveusfromail prideandprejudiceCarolina, Davis of Mississippi, Hawkins of Florida,"Houston of Alabama. Love of Georgia, Rust of Ar-concord;that, dwelling togetherinpeacelove,joinedWinslow of North Carolina.Mr. Tatloz, of Louisiana, remarked ttot the de-his resign place.Is,The Intendentton the CommitteeThe sentiment which tos triumphed Inhe asserts, of necessity aggressive, and it Is vain to hope that the men who have toen elevated te office through its force will devise any measures calculated tolessenthecauseofexcltemeatanddls^iuion. Heof the Treasury (Island I'reasarer) of this Island has made a very patriotic propocal toaid to the merchants and ease to the ia<mer market, viz : the Issuing of »2,000,000 in Treasury BUlshim to join in the minority reportsubmitted to the Committee If tk&t should becomeAdams offered a resolution, declaring it expe- dient that all New-Mexico to admitted as soon asonlyfor it would drive the to predict where it mav end, Senator Batazsseceding States into cooperation. States will has hope, if the Legislatures of the largerInitiate a movement for a National Convention, thatIPir.imports, the Post-office, confederacy,;mayjurisdiction in a:lnilraity and maritime cases, and also in cases of appeal where the amount exceeds twodlrecUy presented, ilieir uponwho will to able to adjust, on a naUonal basis, theone-third of thedirect The Charlc-ton Court is to have Citypalaceon the20thInstant,promoteprove the proposition of Mr. Woodsou, of Missouri, having for its foundation that separation toing Inevita- ble, a reconstruction of the Union upon the Southern.,eve^wherewlthdrawiivtmsuccessful cruise to the^pongive;as expounded by the decision; tLa^ other Statesve —and States would necesiariiy to formed into two distinct;Charleston A.C.GABLixaiOH, ;rights of the South in the Territoriesclare;it should de-upward. An American bark, of 600 hogsheads capaci- ty, has been taken up to load molasses at Cardenas for Cork, Ac, at £2 12s. 6d. per ton.Confederacies,I'acific States the otherpresent Constitution of the United States, with such modifications as would adapt it to their respective pethe movemc nt for a Constitutional;culiar social systems and public sentimentsThe Convention confirmedStale.',by means of amendments to the Constitution. Sena- tor Johnson does not tnink that the Northern StatesSaturday,con-respond any hostile demonstrations against the place."THE SOUTH CAROLINA CONVENTION. Chaklxbtok, S. C, Saturday, Dec. 29, I860.The Convention reassembled this morning.or toreafter acquired," belappUca-ProvisionalBishopofNew-York. Nzw-YoBK, Dec. 20, 18«0.A FOKM or FKATXa.The service shall to as usaal, except where it Isotherwisehereby appointed."The proper Psalms for the morning stoll be thethousanddollarstovetoensubscribed forall cooperating under thetheir nominations. There was a secret session from 10:20 to II ^.the tiiat disturbing questions might he adjustedance likely to save them from serious Inout of political disturbances, if that could be done without running any risk of loss to Government. I think such a course can from apartmentfut tbeie is another aod higher public coBside raUon to-monow in Uie Senate, as a direct propocltion to to powder, lead, eavairj equipments, &c., and tl»t as tralatian.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069— o»th» Thz Bdech Divoece Case Cusiopta or confederacy uniting the different forming league:sections in ail the essential powers and purposes of national defence and international commerce.a writ of fcafjfasyoungest child tos toen awarded, by order of ttothe subjects;thusUntitled Documentof the bids for tto late five million loan whkh demanded more than twelve per centum inter-Argus, Saturday,Dec, 39.lay light-house. ship, apparently of atout SOD or 000 toaa, done by Mr. Luoour involving Ids own dignity or that age which such a failure would subject our troopa fences, it a clear and simple one. It is to kold and de- and from her I landed about SOO slaves on Cay Lobe*. of the party. No fear need be entertateed of his to, who are stationed in the deserts of New- tions are eettmly and zealously progressing. Volun- fend tkem^ to long at tkt United Stattt txiit as a The Captain gave me up the wreck, saying that IiaUmate friends, assmfnghimthat nothing willbeto,comparisonthonsand siau and military stores. MiUt&ry prepara- Executine, m regard to tkt jnMic property and dt-teers have tocB tendered by several Soutliem States, aovemment. We repeat what wo said when this could do wtot 1 liked with it but me nodanger appeared only small and distant ttot our among them offioers of tto Array and Navy and West Government cannot aiford to live under such a dis-Mure coarse, which will be strictly guided by con- stitBtional justice, with the principles of the Repnli-Mexico and Arizona. Should any accident tofallltoeagaveI saved some of the rigging and copper from ttottom from tto Mlure of a regular and certain tranamisaion that no aection seed fear of supplies, it would to difficult to estimate the just IndignattOB which would to heaped upon tto head of the Ignorant or delinquent officer whose Inefficiencymoney. ship. tiavea,andIliadnoop-men, or any seriotts inconvenience result toPointgraduates. Capt8.M.HoaoiX,ofTennessee,grace as the capture of its forts tto sacilfice of byHe made me land tlMhas offered his services and toenaccepted.days after this, trying to save the rigging. Before I saved tto riggbig, flie fresses and the equitable partition of pabllc property Captain made me take him out three of klaweakness and made a of our hninlliation. Tke partFtderal Administration can only prettrve peace, andSattirday^ had allowed it Trains necessary for the transpor- DISCHARGE OF THE EMPLOYES AT FORT —and it is another to tove them wrested from our hands to Nuevitas light-house, Cuba, whereSumter, tovingagainst AsDxason thistempt even—which would arouse sectional passionsCaptain and crew (aboutthe odds, spiked gims,fragmentsand those dismountedthe usualby burning of used on the above-named day by the Churches in this legal voyageweredischarged by Maj.to madness—ve look utitk tomt to tke kopeSO In number) of the slaver used no violence wards me, although tiiey were all armed with six- batie'.ed revolvers, and a towle knife on each side.THE EVACUATION OF FORT MOULTRIE. Wabhiii«toii, Sunday, Dec. 30.The Charleston Couriir of Friday says :"The Guardianon what evil times we have fallen,' and how nearly we soys:Amerit themeasurewouldhaveunderanypossibilitytopacifi- Strict economy is enforced, and perfect UnctionofopeningcivilwarbetweenAmericancitizens fallwithdignity.Letitpreserveitsconsciousness gas,capi;tallstsinNew-YorkCityhavingagreedtomoyd and tlie Army eate the South, would arise from a conviction that a responsibility in all money expenditares Is by an act of grose breach of faith," and ttot " he has and itosfequipoise to the last Let it to an tnstnimen- interest themselves In the enterprise.mjracts.new Slave State was conceded to them, fect within fourand if they did not believe It was such a this Department, not a dollar, I believe, has been lost by his chief and accepted by South Carolinaconcession It would only aggravate the im- to Government by embezzlement or ttolt, and within had all possible a'surances from South Carolina that communities to the blessings of Union. Let it notand has been successfully carried IntoMajor AKDsasoH has achieved theunenviable dia-thatcity withthat heand duty would bedeclaration of war."In Its detailrof MaJ. Akoibbok'b movements, the"regretful recollections, and Its memory serve to recall oonfllctiogaiid mlsgovemedwith kiu4>sacts packed;The citizens of Charleston are to toginning ask,ceited attaakretired from:but up to the moment ofJOHN B. FLOYD, Secretary of War. leaving tod no Idea of abandoning tto fort. Tbey wtot their private and close conclaves with the Gov- crew havetwo schooners lying In the vicinity, where they em- ing to give the informationseaman, but an engineer, has been placedbarked, taking with them all tbe necessaries, stores, etc. Several trips were made during the night,under cover of which a great part of the provisions and camp furniture were transported.charge haveat first intended toA Moultrie point ofof the laboron Fort the west Mi^or Aaniasaiigreater portionexpended or cenfre ofwas thethe pesitiun.were and ever> thing so arranged ttot in ease a well-con-for the rackrooau,andeveryotherpartofthefortttotwaslaid, readyapplicationof the matcluamended. Thisisawiseschemenolongerclingtofaithlesstrrethrcn,yetwelovettocompact ttot they tove broken. We, who kave ac-ceded, unit keep tkefatik between ourselves. Of course.It will to necessary to make many and substantial al-terations, but let us by all meaos preserve the triedand subttautlal frame- work. No one can demon-strate that the present Constltation never worked forgood. Itisonlytheconstructionpatuponit,andafew errcneous sentences witkiH it, that have done tbe to this harbor, having, it is said, nine hundred Afri- wtoie mischief.aOn the ramparts of the fort fronting Fort Sumterwere nine 8-Ineh columbiads, mounted on wooden carrtsges. As seoa as the evacuation was complete, these carriages were burnt, and the guns thereby dis- iBOatfad.suitable vessel, in wliich to proceed to tto Coast ofindefensible wouldhavegone attouch.Africat o return with a cargo of tozales. I shall keepbieaklTg up of aiamiwilHoB-wagnaa, to formthe walls of the fort. Other particulars are given.*'The confusion could not have toenplete had tlie late occupants retired in the face of a besieging foe. The entire place was Uttered withOF JAJiUABY NEXT.The United States steamer Moltawk, Lieut Gacr- TTS, arrived in this hartor 18tb Inst and sailed again evening tofore last, and was seen next morning, tov-toW F. Coicocx, Collector of the Port at Ctorleston, in- forming the Convention that ail the officers of the Customs had entered tbe service of the State, and that he had commenced receiving duties and transactingand the Collect may used by the minister at his discretion, during the con- tinuance of the present session of Congress.ofanythe Celador,we may, with one mind and one mouth, glorify Thee, Such is the wretched " red tapelsm" that prevails ineffectually for the punish- ject to the jurisdiction of the Courts of the state.Counselors of Stateof all hosUle legis-Nothins doneinSugar,provideTM?^ Not^s. That Committeeihp same evening and adjourned unUl 2 o'clock yester-:;—It washumiliation of such a surrender. Two kunirtd nunAmerica onCuba. The ship was commanded by Capt CbaiuiraapaitaNea-Tork:—having designated Friday, the «tlr-'*ay of January ing the brig Mary J. Kimball, which sailed yestnday,more com-next,Collectorsturn Thy face from our sinsheal our divi- untoppy''From tkt Albany Atlas andWhy was Fort Moulfrie abandoned as if to an ad-from Nas-The Bout!) Carolina troops took poesession of from massacre, lm( wXy were tkty left thus txpossd 1 testified tofore a police magistrate as follows We repeat what we said yesterday, and wtot we The wreck atont 14 miles from the:and divisiotnhoifngthe States—thepseaucreraebnldears^epaIrtas'.fioorn-tkit ittve/romfew such manifestations of weakness as in the case ofFort Moultrie, and a successful eoup de main against the slaves Immediately. Some of ttom were in a de-from Charlestonand bricklayers from Baltimore, employed on Fort next thing to to apprehended would t>e an attempt to though they had plenty of rice, molasses and waterttot thesayingrefused to l>ear arms South seize Washington. To prevent this, to deter the at- and a UtUe salt beef. Thehave approached to the condition of Mexicandiers was dispatched by the Governor to Loboa Cayef- tallly peace between the States, Let its last days Cleared at Nassau, Dec. 21, brig Atlantic, Doium, since I tove presided in virtually and grossly violated a solemn pledge, given be such that the dissevered States may look back to New-York.years,that time sixty millions of dollars have toen disbursed. No system of administration, no line of policy,! think,it with and respectfulChablzstoit, Tuesday, Dec. 25, I860.Slave-tradlnf house In this City, for her to go the Coast of Africa for — a cargo of bozales. Her old captain, officers andbeen all discharged, and a Mr. S. DosBAa,but, as is usually the case, cmioslty gets the better of prudence. One inthing is cenain, that a resolution has been latro- duced upon which secret action and secret debate will ensue. Thlt Is a resoluUoa authorizing the Gov- ernor of the State to make all needful and immediate pTfparationfoy the defence of property witkm tke State—us rumorsttottellofthebloodytempestof the vessel toto the British officers on tbe Coast of Africa and his being In command of her would ensure her condem- nation in the event of her toing captured, so another captain has to be sought out, and Capt WzxKS, I an informed by a reliable party. In conjunction with hisoilonefor though we canTHE PRESIDENT'S FAST.Jl FORM 0? PKATIB APFOINTID TO BE CSEO IS THItke Diocest DsaeBkithxzh—The President of the United Statesthroughoutof humiliation, fasting and prayer, on account of the;Have affairs, uien, assumed soof Soutk Caraonlinatlueatening aspect? The Governor, in tils last speech, stated that, as far as he knew, there was no!!betolng alreadyoeuntrycalamities ttot tlireaten us, I hereby express my ap- ca, in tow, toving, as was supposed„made a prise ofCommending 50a, dear brethren, to God's most gracious protection and blessing,remain Christ.youraffectionate friend and brother In HORATIO POTTER,1THI oollxct.O, Merciful God and Heavenly Father, whose good- Informed, said, " Oh, it was not In my District ; yoanheassisoveraolulrThyworkasr,idanfidllewdhousewPirtohvidence mustgototheCeladoroftheDistrictInwhichttoenlarged borders, plenty, we beseecii Thee to look graciously upon us, Thv un- worthy servants, and upou all the people of this land;andof Thy great mercy restore to us a spirit of unity andsions;!" "Itwasnotin re-;my District," I can do notUng for you!>'every department of the Goveruaent of this iilaad. Don Fxupi Gabcla ci Maifuia, Alcalde Mayor of Sagua la Grande, has been honored by tto Queen ofSpain with a Cross of the Order of Montesa.The stupid conduct of the Spanish Bank of Havana of this city, and the Bajrk of San Carlos of Matanaas, has at length produced a *' panic " in the money mar- ket in this Island, although our largest mercantilebouses are unwilling to acknowledge the factThe Bank of San Carlos of Matanzas has been au- of public afiairs. He has much to say of Anti-Slavery thorized to issue »800,COO In bonos, (guaranteed secu- agilatioD, and of course casts the burden of blame for rities,) bearing interest of 8 per cent per annum, andandand at last attain Thy touvenly promises, through the merits and mediation of Thy blessed Son, our Lord and Saviour, .''esus Christ Amen.TBS IPISTLX. fhlllippians ii., verse 3 to verse 12.TBX oosriL. St Jotm xiil., verse 3 to verse 18,VIEWS OF SENATOR BAYARD.therightefsecession. Theformer meansIntlieRoyalTreasury,nowhoardedupin tto lilandsubject In controversy. He despairs of anything from Spaalsh Bank, and to examine the project of the emis-thecallirg from oeriis.the " Bonos" that they should to consider the propriety of the proposedis togressmentsubstituted by the State for ail offences which are sub- pears In the Little Rock True Democrat. He advises d„v«tonto advise the issue of the the people of the State to stand firmly on Trekrury Bills, and to urge the " Spanish Bank oftion from Northern people he hopestoMolasses or EfctaaaraCOBRICTION.—The numtors given, as shown byAlabama, stating that the head of the MiiiUry De- the steamship which passed Cape Race on Thursday, in this City last evening, states tnat the care of thaconcession ofeightlessons per$SI.She was aBtiacellaaeoaaBysau, N. P., 24th Inst, we tove accounts of tto wreckatout two hours, and returned with me to Wednesday week. A brig arrived four daysTrom Onr OwnHataka, Saturday, Dec. 22, 1880.The notorious yacht Wanderer still remaito in ourtortor. She tos toen recently purchased, I learn,an eye alike on the proceedings of the Wanderer anddoings.steamer. They could not avoid capturing her, stobeen In off the coast four or fivesight days-two thousand dollars, which amount has been remitted to the Nuncio of Pius IX.^was the aadience. He inquired tto localltf amongIn two or threesome negroes, near the Cfrcus, on the evening of the 18thInst Hewastakencareofbysomepoiieemea near by at the time, who brought him to the Circus, and called out tto Celador, (Sergeant of Police,) whowhere the woimds had been inflicted, and having beenwounds were Inflicted" Can you not take me somewhere," said the woondedreceived erally as specie, and a Committee, presidedIt wafresolvedslaves for life.will follow her, GoTTSCBALX, the eminent pianist advertismeosderatgoiMrs.BcaoB.Oorreq^ndeat.A recetred dispatch, www.fultonhistory.com 