 0*iBJTAlIF*3JS 0AYSLATEKIreportleafaadperkheavy,aadtoerectsalesacon-I siderahle reduction from late quotations necessary ia .each. Bacon firm. Lard steady at Aw. a 30 . H . TaJ* berofi low slightly advanced, North American Mi. 61.THEZ0UAVESIVMEWYORK. Arrival ofthc CaJted States ZoaaveCm- IWflJI nen-gateeTUtaPara. Aatbetreapestarchedtothen*posi- tion in front of the CBy Hall, they were greeted with applause from tbe aaxioea multitude. Both fnwnriaada were then reviewed by the Mayor, l h e great matter of interest to tba impatient crowd appeared to be to witness tbe Zouave drill. A number of tbe Zouaves left the ranksPUBLICATIONS.Boohs Revrirsd ta J«ly *,gg*). MatuaJ <!? Ia MAaoucria.The Black Gauntlet 'A Mother"sTiials.Bight at Last, and atW Tales.iiavels and Researches in Eastern Africa,ifiaaionu ia Japan and Paraguay.The Central Gold Region.H istorical Sketch of Conunerec and NavigatMB. Somnamouliaxa aad Cramp.Margaret MODcriefle.DeBoaVttpBtonilailttjinaUoBs. Rawksview.Ah aa Stewart en fciaverj. Leaves of Uran.Handbook of Artillery.School of the Guides.Handbook to Europe. ^V.,rr"*.ipV ^T'S*-"'THE NE•aVM«*1»13Jwalks, and the stoop, windows and roo* of tne sacks of wheat. .r.\ hotel presented the usual spectacle observed So limited have been business transactions for the week scarcity of Masonic books in the Spanish language,on all occasions of a public parade. Repeated that a retrospect unbracing details would afford little of and the great necessity of a manual, not only toura.KKSX.ti PrussiaIts Federal Council of Switzerland will submit the foL wag question to the fbrthcoming European Conference i As Great Powt-rs:—Ia it to the interest of Europe toin the Simple* Pass perfectly accessible to Franoe demanding that an understanding be broughta « a <L'•!betendency, lew salea are made. B n s W i s vary gammy indeed, wilbeat sny prospect of revjiali tiM after July 4.: -1••.•••=?——.wpl i.iin11nil•••~*~StriTDATibeyetmeaastoaghtfor. Bormg[be has made an immense oum i from f wqoies aad gmsBsaaavgreatpasok andtaleat.and wereelsurathat I wdl join with us ia wishing the gallaat fellow seeoad, Jack a safeWHOLE HO:£tioaa.The Neapolitan Minister at Paris had reigned,shouts of applause greeted the strangers at every step, interest Prises of all articles hare undergone no im- gerve for the instruction of the brethren, bat as A. W «rSfll.MORNING,JUL Y 15,1800.mlarity Ministry.of the Benicia Boy Jacko ffe RKAT BELT QUESTION.#The tailed Statea auul steamship Vanderbilt, P . £ re, Gcsimaader, from Havre, Jkfd Southampton on sk in*, at eigkt P. M.,wrfWd at thiaporttaetnight.ofhisflrleade,th-hourbeingmuchtoolatetoranypopu legaldignitaries,advojatea,lawyers,profetwors,paint-madt street aaa tramsiail by Company F, Fourth regimentof artillery, commanded by Capt. James McMahon.and adetachment of sixty nwn from the Sixth regiment, Col. were all executed with precision whkjk, a ^ HoleoiBH'a Poena*,FROMEUROPE. INNAPLBSUTBkPOOL riODCCl MARKIT. Bcala Eteady at i s . 5J. a 4*. W. for common.•*^ b n n j ^ r o passengers, a foil cargo of unusually States fcland. A large toppty of eatables gavethe fourth being left open, which wag on that oc- Broadway and the Aator Boose, ia the following order:— both theirfireand bayonetIt, yet easily assembling 14; 1839-1843. action. The re-plabie CoatinentaJ goads, and the aeeusleattd French uglaglisbmaii*.ing in tbe centra, ap-f ItBoetba Baden Baden Coafereace the Prussian Minis to the dock, but thought that she would. A gentlemanters, A c to publish this work, which, he says, which lately failed, are still subjects of general discus without disclosing the august mysteries or reveal-had beW seTeral conferences with Count Bechberg, w&ig for his object the bringing about ef a more per*who came up informed us that Mr. Torrance, the agent, had declared that she would lie at Quarantine, and that the first class passengers would be put ashore at White- hall.This news created the greatest excitement at the Malta Saloon, aad passers-by observing this, dropped in to see if the Benicia Boy waa present, ana quickly disappeared to give place to another curious individual, capt. James Turner was immediately sent for, and started posthaste for the landing.sion.The long expected pony express, with St. louis dates ofJune 9, arrived at Carson valley on the evening of June 22, and will reach San Franc is :o tonight. The prospect of re establishing this enterprise on a permanent basis is a matter of general congratulation.The Supreme Court, on the 22d jinst., rendered a de cision adverse to the Peter Smith titles to real estate in San Francisco, except to tbe beach add water lots, whichingthesacredwordsthat constitutethe grandse- cret of Masonry, will be of great importance to the studious Mason. The volume is handsomely illus- trated with diagrams,figures,&c.THE BLACK GACXTLET—A Tale of Plantation Lite in South Carolina. By Mrs. Henry R. Scbool- rraft, wife of tbe Indiau Historian, and author of "African Letters," Ac. Philadelphia: J. Lippiu-cott & Co.VsasrH understanding between iba governments of AustriaApartment have been secured for both Heenan and Macdonald at the Aator House, and they will he conducted Mtwten the Kings of Sardinia and Naples, relative to that bote) immediately upon their arrival ia the city.Many millions of property are affected by It is favorable to settlers in the neighbor-Ihe author of this interesting tale undertakes to refute the cant of the abolitionist*, aa well in re-ifc common interests of their mtcresfltettalr'r mrertagjese Ministry bad been d^aiaWsW.Ike steamship Africa, from Maw York, arrived at Li-onthe2dlast- tV1st atm»«h)p Prince Albert, from New York via St. its, X T . arrived at Galway oa the *d kist.ateaaubip North Rritoa, from Quebec, arrived at *c*tferry&ntheWiiirt.,e»m*toIiverpcoL*•levy*Piimao, June 25,1«6U Fraadatarbaaoesbsve takea alaoa. Garibaldi baa aaepstore-e«tab!isborder. BwmlaaitrywsjuaIDHI—lffl.i=cm»Y, Two o'Ctocx A. M. Beenan and Macdonald landed at SUtan Island. Beenan is in excellent health. Be did norbrlng his hardly earn- edbeltwithhim,forreasons statedelsewhere inourco- lumns. T e are informed that Beenaa will remain at Mr.Burns' betel, at Quarantine, until to-morrow, and the number of his visiters to-day wm probably be very large. A number of bis intimate friends ia this city have char- tered a steamtug, and win" proceed to the island before daylight. Heenan quietly desires, a day's rest, and hopes—we war in vain—that he can be more secluded atto-day than ha could be at aay hotel in this city.Pepart• re of 11ee**B *>[Kroni the London Sporting Lite, Jury A)Heenan and Jack MaodeaaW sail this day (Wednesday)3 10 0 2 0 • is d0 84 80 *+«........ so aftThe 6teamer Chcle Sam is advertised to sail Tor Panama on the 30th inst , carrying the New York and other East- ern mails.fects of the institution of slavery. In the dedica- tion of the book to her husband she remarks that she h a s for twenty years studied t h e BibleIaadsa lima o»rrasptmdeaA, aadar data ef Naples, They will leave London for Southampton at quarter to eight this morning, aad among these who will acsompany »,lays-Naplesisinastateofsiege.ThepoliosthesatobidthemadieuwillbeTomSavers.Mr.Cashing, taateddowe. The coauaiasariat stoma and arcbivet oi the Alhambra Palace, and a select circle of some dozen been burned. Cannon have been piaoed iaside the or fifteen friends. Beenaa expressed a wish to have an interview with too editor ef the sjtaramn Lift previous The soldiers are everywhere. The agitation is to Ins departure, in order that h e might thank his English friends fur their numerous kindnesses during his 'Mtoeleg also from the London Timet cor- amy ia England. Jack Macdonald accompanied us tot'pted.''several cheers from male voices were borne along by theOn arriving at Vandorbilt landing the battalion compa-nieswerejoinedbythetroopersandthefourlargebog-posed to be a prominent characteristic of the Imperial Zouave, idolized by tbe mercurial Frenchman. Tbe im-=Splits turpeatiaedailaadquotationsnomiaala*321.6!. Sugari may reaaark that both Heenan and Jack MacdonaldBWtheirintentionofreturningtoEhgtahdinOctober The ••Rw«j" Takea Og?the First Divl- priortotbedrill,sadthosewhoremainednumberedfirm. Bicaateady.LOMBON XABBlt*.Oosmci.1—m a l l . Y . S.BL>,dk«. sixteen flies front, or thirty-two men, evidently pickedfttaa—A_, •SBmrvfKn r TM•ABB1VAL Of THE BEMCIA BOY.New York waa assail* to another "sensation" yester- men. The drill commetced by exercising in theatL* ieursevenoclock,andcame,ofcourse,directly to this city.Notwithstanding the early hour of the morning, the greatquick:but ia opening and closing ranks sad dressing their movements are necessarily slow. lathe loadings andfirings,many of tbe companies excel the Zouaves,Mr.Joba 4 Beenan,theMBenicia Boy,"scooinpanied visiters,began to pour in thedireuionofthegardens,dred people to gel out of their beds a few bourn earlierthan usual for the purpose of witnessing the arrival andreceptionofthe>imagers. Thepierat thefoot ofCort Zouaves,yesterday,amongi iwareopening,doublingby Jack Macdonald, bis trainer ia the reoent exciting prise tight, a r r i v e fraad shortly after that hour there eouM scarcely have bean fewer than !,**• pereonw present, aad like the aasembtage a t yarahstaagh, they represented almost every cla»s, comprining members of the nobility, highsad closing ranks; oh i' mation; marching in tin double quick time sadi into line; oae ra-'< for- •companyand platows—• »in the oblique stap, theyTRB aTBBfAir RIC1PTI0K BXCnUrfOH. afea»«.Campbeilairfalo£aba,oftbeM«lUSa^mn the intimate fr'aads sad advisera of the smaaam Boy, wbeeavietortoasretnra to his native shores has been so long and eagerly expected, organized an excursion on Kr.day last to mtoroept the Vaaderbitt, in which they were advised that Beenan had taken passage, and to give the Champion of America a suing welcome home. The •pleadkl steamtug John A. Lockwoed was chartered for this purpose, and oa Friday morning a select party ef Beenanapartisansassembled at PierNo.SNorthriver, aad after soma delay embarked upon the steamer. Pas- sengers acre also taken.on board from Brooklynanders, pocta, authors, artists, actors, merchants, clerk*, Ac. II was truly a most mmmmm jtmi orderly assemblage. SateTS and the Benecia Boy, »s they walked about the grounds, chatting cheerfully withtheirfriends,orpuffingthelightHavana,were,as a matter of course, the observed of all observers, the impression seemed to ha goueral, that the disparity in Size between Tom and "The Boy" was not quite so great as bad been expected, but as they were generally walking apart from each other, there bad been no oppor- tunity for judging properly. Both looked well and cheerful, and beyond a slight mark of a healed cut on Heenan's right cheek, neither bore any traces of their htte severe punishment. The entertainment whish took place ia the open air , commenced with a series of gym- nastic performances by a couple of clever acrobats, on aaelevated stage, about four orfivefeethigh,usedoa ordinary occasions as an orchestra. This stage which is abouttwentyfeetlongandteaortwelvefootinbreadth, is covered in at the top; and close! on three sides,Piackaey, were also drawn up in military oider close to the landing place of the steamer.When the Isaac Newton, with the excursionists on board, waswithinafewhundredyardsofthedock,acolonel's salute of nine guns waa fired by Capt. MoMahon's com- pany, followed cp ky three tremendous cheers, which must have been very tattering to the strangers. In that demonstration of welcome the people joined heartily, and the Zouaves responded with equal enthusiasm in their own peculiar way, without being able, however, to make quite so much noise, as they mustered only about sixty altogether.opinion, cannot be which we were not reputation of the otThe third part of or disposition agar snperiority.The sad left, formations last movement, atn this country, aad fop notwithstanding the highi preceded them.itionwaathe skirmish drillBwselTi Panic aad other Poems. Fanner* History of Provencal Poetry. Fragments frost the Study of A Pastor.assurance that t h e inner m an would b e well provided for, and a small brass cannon, under the charge of a Decker, & Wilson, "the Douglas gunner,'"casion protected by two lines of ropes (giving it some-what of a prise ring air), while the apace in front is Company F, Featth regiment, Capt. McMahon. capable of accommodating several thousand people. Band.The acrobatic part of the entertainment waa looked oa Detachment of Sixth regiment, under the command of with but little interest, sa the spectators seemed moretogether when requiringtreat, tbe cheer on the runr to excite an enth in tneir ranks. Wenot pretend in tb article, to be preciseSteam for the Million.The Three Clerks.Dr. Smith's Smaller History of Greece.Debates of Lincoln aad Doaglas.The Watch—Its Construction, Merits and Be>fects.The Union—A Poem.Tbe little Beauty.Fifty Tears of a Pmygoer's JonrnaLA New Age for the New Church.Japan and the Japanese.History of the Republic of the United State*.Ida Randolph—A Poem.Expose of Gambling.Natural HMory, for the Use of Schools and Fa-milies.MANUAL DE LAHASOXIRTA, (Manual of Masonry), by Andres Cassard. Published by Macoy & Sickles, N. V .This is a voluminous work of over 1000 pages, large octavo, containing all the forma, ceremonies' snd catechism used in the various stages of Free Masonry. Tbe author seems to hold an elevated position in the Order, judging from the string of titles appended to his name, such aa Very Potent Grand Master of the Sublime Grand Lodge of P er .Oathe list ofpass*ager* we flad tbe fultow ing names — and Messrs Fenis and Chalmers, was placed upon the intent on witnessing the great display of the day; aadCapt Thos. S. Murphy.Bead.The Zouave Cadets, Capt. E. E. Ellsworth, commanding.At the Astor House the escorting companies and their guests stacked arms in the bar room, after which they marched up stairs to the refectory, where a bountiful' yesterday; suffice it first movement the expression of their eyes,biapriui, Akide-camp to Prinoe Napoleon; Hon. J. 1. fsite,IaJaCaused S l a t e Coeeul a t L yons; and Signor Uraw treat the Grand Opera at Pari«.forward dack to thunder its hearty salutes to the pugilis- tic king. Frank MeOabe, Councilman Campbell, James Cuetek {BeeaasTa trainer), Ned Price, of Boston; James Ceaiello, J. Nefew. of Albany; Chief Engineer Decker,shortly after the agile performers quitted the stage, Mr. Morris saosadsd t i e steps, closely followed b y Sapors sad Beenaa, who were loudly cheered. Mr. Morris took his place behind a small table, which was brought to the front of the stage, and on which was displayed the beNs, Heenan taking his position oa the right band side,the men gave hearty cheers for the Staten Islanders.The regiment embarked on the steamer Josephine and came direct to the city. They were received on their ar- rival by the Washington Graft, Eighth regiment, Lieut. Col.Waterbury,commanding,mustering302menall arrival; but as be lay upon the bed with his ocat off.be told. As the steamer having on board the Seventh regi- i»» persecuted. The conetltuttoB of 1W3 will really did act look the formidable follow that be has ment Beared the dock, a salute was fired by the howit- proved himself. Beenaa at once rattled oft* Into a boytsa zer battery attached tothe Eighth regiment, under the command of Cast. J. M. Varian. The guns were fired inFirst Lieutenant; H. D. Laftaa, Seeoad Lieutenant; Charles De VOllers, Surgeon; J. R Taylor, Paymaster; Haydea, Orderly Sergeant: Knox, Second Sergeant; Wctberell, Quartermaster: Botslord, Color Sergeant, Kevins, Bugler;Thefollowingwaw^egraphed to Viztlia:—SAX FTUXCISOO, June 20—1 P. M.The ship Enterprise arrived off this port yesterday.the New York Betel. Leicester square, where we found ntatNaples,isoflaterdate than the above:— tba redoubtable -Boy ' in the enjoymentof an after- iatran%uilaadiadiferent. thepoliosiathe noonnap. Be,however,aeon starteduponourCadsh—Tucker,Connor,Barclay,Rogers,Abby,James, Shewasboardedbyanewlyappointed/pilotwhoendea- veryiaterestingstorypicturesofplantationlifeia Fergus, Sibley. Brand, Cutler, MoChesney, Smith. Scatter- vored to enter the harbor during a dense fog. Shely. Wade, Batchelder, Banks, Coates, Olcott,Scott,Brown, grounded near the entrance and remained in a perilous South Caroiina.Long, Hosmer, Larabee. Hall, De Witt. Aiken,' Nathans, situation qaM this evening, when, after removing part of A MOTHER'S TBULS. By the author of "My Lady.' True, Yates. Baldwin, Hand, Behread, Walker, Phillips,iujoatitntioaal lag.The steamer Senator has arrived from San Diego with aport, ia the South Pacific; April 10, latitude 25 north longitude 76 west, ship Witobcraft, ftm New York for this port.The pmy express willaotbe despatched this week, itGerman watering place, is saved when she grows to womanhood, from a marriage with her own brother. The idea is not a novel one, bat the de- tails are well worked ap, and the book may take its place with the ephemeral romances of the day THIRTY TXABS IN THI ARCTIC REGION*: on. TareAnvRKTCvaa or SIR JOHN FRAWZLIK. D. W . Evans A Co., publishers, New York.The adventures of Sir John Franklin in the Arcticregions will always afford the lover of thrilling narrative aa inexhaustible source of instructioa and entertainment. His indomitable courage, has power of endurance, bis fortitude under the moat trying ciqsuAgM. uA hia tact i ? * * ^ thespiritsof his*•#*{•,,•«§«»*•> .*Wffif*'ftaauactavlckwedaatheAdmas.attg^aW/i,I irteead.ns a good demand for moaey.aad ai'at30aa31a; white,: , TWOVWTON!ejasatfty eycaag the sbsaajiisa sa he Ilea apoa the bed. what bell be when he knows a little more. 'his country-buried at vflethtatwu '•tbai», "I wag determinedhulrJ^Tmaaj' diaia? b ^ ^ £ t t ? £ e T b n •eat ane a noctat knifo, the only think ra the world Free maa bad loosll hat owa whoa he died, and 1value thatHies front. Iliey were loudly cheered along the route.Aid for the WMow Nmtmerwa.Oae dollar towards the fund for the relief of the widowMathews. __^_____«— —. D*DUNA*Domestic 5awa Itomta* , . IbamasaoaWastaraRrvaas^JW*^*^0*0** Is acmdeased review of the atriousdfisMmltt oh the West- ern ri^fs, ft* tbonvatsixmim*B*ef tb* present year.It presents aformidablelist, mvoivmg the lo as of many lives and much money:pattern of moire antique facing; a jacket of blue, with red andorange trimmings, andBell buttons;and a jaunty littleredcap.withblackbeatandorangetrimmings.In addition to the above, they also have fatigue uniforms tad a chasseur uniform, constating of red pants and blue coats, beautifully fringed aad^£n»ed:D«ring their- w#bathegueavortaMjgxth stay in New York tbey at"resumeits trips.Brewster k Ccwstock wassoldjyesterday bytbesheriff, for S36,400.The markets are utterly stagnaal, with a downwardMcMahon for aaXAFtas, Jaaa ja—Noon.Washoe mines.narrative of what he intends to do with Mofrrssey when he gets borne. "I'll improve that nose of his," exclaimed •sniciae child with a hearty laugh; and he continued,N* VPT.ES, June 29-Eveniag. •taaiag riotous aasemblagea took place in theivMtde.I gala was UcM to-day to oetobraM the iaaugura-_ that Hurst seemed as if be meant fighting." Not roarsoatthe Yankee champion, "be means money _ ng. aad hopes, by linking his name to mine, to get tafstrga has been eaaahtMssd beta. Ike City up benefits throo-host thecountry, on the strength of a ThestateofBaronBranierissatisfactory.Ike tightwithma. TheBenicia Bey,however, Isevidently L:oa h u aai y e t been pabliihed. The health of cooatiag upon aa introduction to Morrissey, and ever and anon exclaims, tn hdgb gate, "wall tiff I get home.'''Is improving, and ha will soon be able to •erriSBcy won't fight, we remark. "Ah!" (shouts Hee isfoactiocssa Ambassador. The Hiag Beads to nan agaia), ••ha mast; besides, Morrissey s la training to imbatffytwioa a day to mqoke about bis agkt me when 1 gat back. A friend ef mine has writtenrapid succession, and it took hot four minutes and a half tofireonehundred aad two gms. TheEighth regiment, after the customary exchange of escort ceremonies, pro- ceeded up Broadway to Park place into the east gate of the park, and passed in review before the Mayor in front oftheCity Hall. Major General Sandford and a deputation from both branches of the Common Council, with other city officials, were present.New York: Harper A Brothers.•Then I've finished Morrtssey I'll come over to En- am and send that Staleybridge Infant to bi-bi," oa the editor of the Sportay Lift remindedKennicott, Innis.Fruin. . , , _ . _ Band— A. J. Vass, leader; S. Smidt, Brack, Barnard,Helms, Bierworth, Vuraburger, W. Drake, Schumaker, StumiVWeisgruber, Wertb, Chatiey, Nevmr, Robinson, S. Dean. C. Deaa. Bauer.It will be seen by this that they number some forty muskets. Colonel FJlswortb, the commander, is a hand- some looking officer, apparently very rigid in discipline,her cargo, She was got off and is now] being towed in.She has leaked considerably, and bart of ber cargo Is A romance in which a baby, abandoned for some damsged. The smount of loss is no} yet known, but it is inexplicable cause by her English parents, at a probably not very huge.u tell me so, aad put a dash under the fact; and Hee aaa, in order to give fun effect to bis emotions slaps the Bead or a friend who has been p'aeidly smoking a segar athisbedside,aadthe friendstarts op,aadkeepsoutof reachfortheremainderoftheafternoon.••He's a nice novice " says Jerry Noon, who has beendismissed. The Eighth regiment deserve great credit for those oa the coat. The ink Zouave uniform worn onthe liberality displayed on this occasion. The Seventh the occasion of their reception consist- of loose scarlet regiment, on the mar ah, mastered eight <5ommands of trowsers. with a gold cord over a blue stripe, high gaiters^"^»^^"First Company, Capt. Becscll37 servable in their military manoeuvres. The men were Logan, the republican candidate.t-i the LowFor some days previous to Thursday fast it waBounced by advertisement* in the various Bewspby piacarda and posters on the walla, of such magnitude thatfevea those who ran might read without the smallest difficulty, that the " Champions of the Old and New Worlds" would, on the above day, give two entertain meatsiathe Zonmcleal Gardens;the firstbetweentwo •ad four in the afternoon at half a crown a head, aad the sexmd between eight and ten in the evening atone shilling each, BO that all that desired might have an opportunity of witnessing these renowned heroes at a moderate charge. As the hoar Of two approached a stream of cabs and vehicles of various kinds,filledwithmanual of arms in open! rank* (Bardie), *aadas it progressed elicited round after round of enthusiasticapplause from -the tea thousand spectators present,among whom were many of the officers aad men of theGal.Ciprianicomesactatoperfectthenecessaryar-Mr.Winaas.ofBaltimore;E.J.Christiansen,JohnMA-whileSayersstoodontheleft.Mr.Morristhenintro-breakfastwasspreadforthem.Previoustogivingthethecountry,and,wedoubtnot,elsewhereintheUnion.loay and various city and United States officials, were among the company, which numbered about seveaty.flve in all. After Stopping at Bedloe's Island to aflbrd the pas- scngera aa opportunity of witnessing the execution of Hicks, the Lockwoed proceeded dowa the bay, sad lay aybitcleveraadaccomplishedtrainerJackMac offSandyBookduringtheday,andatnightcastanchor "jwnkl Malao on board. off the Government Docks, oa the Jersey shore. Theeight was passed in most mischievous pranks, sad In the v Is* voyage asabeea throughout m o * unaeaJoaabSe-. most unburdened merriment maklag, and earlyduced the heroes to the assembly, aad, in a short speech,alluded briefly to the career of both men. together withthe events connected with the htte Esruboroogh encoun-ter and the presentation of a belt to each of the combatants,eachbeltbeingaccompanied byan appropriateaddress,which addresses Mr. Morris proposed to read, lest thereshould be any present unacquainted with their nature;butofthispartofbisdutytheaudiencekindlyrelieved repast.Previoustothisinterestingceremony,however,To describe tbe driH in detail would require more space than we can devote: to it, besides the technicalities of the words of command, difficult of comprehension b y the unskilled in military matters. Tbe Zouaves, or Ca- dets—the former tbe most proper name—are organized upon the system of the Chasseurs de Tincennea and the Zouaves of the French army, both of whom have a world- widecelebrityfortheprecisionsadskilloftheirtactic?, and the latter of whom displayed such terrible effective- ness in the late Italian campaign.The company is composed almost entirely of young men, who are prepared by an arduous course of gymnastic disci- pline and muscular developemeat for tbe proud military triumphs they have achieved- It was tho unanimous opinion of tbe various representatives of military organi- zations present that it would be Utterly impossible for a body of men of the same number to take from them the palm or superiority which they claim, and have thus farnajtoenttfcr the reception of ha Royal Highness Prince llneKu, who will shortly visit our shores la bis new Hi tapera steam yacht Caseard.order to charge on tba edibles and drinkables, Col. PUCK-jt&s C. Beenaa, CLampioa of the Workl," aeeompathe city of New York, the Sixth regiment offer you a slightwesterly wind* prevailing nearly the entire dis- yesterday morning the steamer agaia sailed little desire for display, simply linked the two ends of off the Book, aad tne watch for the Venderbilt was re- his belt together, and prepared to retire, when a bintsumed. Salutes were almost constantly fired, and wereralaureday, Mb inst., at 3 40 P. at. In tat. eft 65, km.Sis), passed ^teamaip Arago, bound! east 11th inst, were placed, in charge of Mr. Martinea. the pilot whobelt above his bend. It was Ojen announced that the and perpetuate the bond of fraternal good will, and make menwouldretireforafewminutes,and,onreturning, more firm the bonds of ear brot herhood and national baracknowledged by passing vessels. Letters for Heenan txauged signals with Swedish bark Amason ia lat. 46 usually takes charge of the Yanderbilt on her arrival here.would present themselves as they appeared at Farn- mony. Bless these Thy servants who visit our city. May maintained.» ka.61»,beadingweft. 13th,Inlaij4216,Ion.W00, tpjse American hark Racehorse, bound eastAfter a day of anxious WHiting, with occasional reliefs in tba form of false alarms of the approach of the steamer, the eatables and drinkables, as well as the supply of coal and the patience of the company were exhausted, aad thememorable combat. The interval was titled up by moreacrobatic feats, after which Tom and bis "big brother "again mounted the platform, attired ia true fightingcostume, excepting that each wore a . tight fittingshirt, that oT Sayers being sleeved to Lis wrists, whileHeenan's long, white, muscular arms were bared fromauserons failures ataoaf the leatbtr merchants bad•Marred in England, the UabiMtiea amounting to over a lACkwood returned to thm city, stopping at Coney Island,the shoulders. The relative size of the men was nowand arriving at her dock at about nine o'clock.Lwrpcol m the hide trade were not compromised. All were highly pleased with the excursion, and Camp- bell and McCabe received the unanimous thanks there bad been fresh disturbance* at Naples. Iba of the company. It was generally observed, however, piice stations had been aaekedand piftaged.aad many that when nay of them wished to look for Heenan againsuperior height, length of arm, and large deep ches) gave him a brent advantage over his more tiny, though wiry- looking competitor. Both men were cheered as each in turn planted a blow cleverly or stopped a well intended compliment; aad although Heenan's length of arm ena- bled him to reach Tom's knowledge box mora frequently, yet the latter droved he had also "that within him whichdren,asThenwast with ourfathers,fortbesakeofour blessed Redeemer.A few invited guests were present at the breakfast, among whom we noticed Col. Buttcrfleld, of tbe Twelfth. After break fasting at the Astor House and enjoying some necessary repose, tbe Zouaves again eboaldered their muskets sndformedin front oftbe hotel, in readiness for the march to tbe Sixth regiment armory, at Centre Mar- ket. The escorting coaps, composed of the detachments from the Governor's Gnard and Company F , Fourthmissed. TheZouavesWinattenddivineserviceatTrinity church this forenoon, at half-pent ten o'clock.NEWS FROM THfe PACIFIC. ta^>^arfanS<Mfcaia>a^sMa^q»«jsa»jasws^a%sa>skArrival aa? tile t'stltforaiat Overland Mali. Van Brans, Arkansas, July Id, 1800.Prince of the Grand Council of the Princes of Jeru-salem; Very Wise and Potent President of the)Sovereign Chapter of the Roucrociana; Illustrious. I Commander-in-Cliief of tiie Sovereign Grand Con-fdstory of Sublime and Valiant Princes of tbe RoyalSecret of the State of New York; General :k Representative of the Grand Eastern Lodges Ofaiion aad a half eterliaa. The American booaea iastreets lulled ia skirmishes. The King M arrived there it would be la the columns of the BasAth. A full ac- passeth show," by the way in which he quickly coun-d .mmediately ordered tba formatkai of a KatioaalAa an baawdor (roan Naples was -oos expected to ar- rtnat Turin, with a proposition from the king of ther, for an alliance with Sardinia.He miaiatry lately appointed by Garibaldi waa enpopu-no S.cily, aad fresh massacres bad occurred.ISsiW I jyjjceN^poteoawillwin succeedJerotneBonaparteas ! tautest of the Privy CoaaeiL Be effl occupy the Royal as atersnal of Franoe, aad aecaite Jerome'scount of the excursion, its incidents and adventures will be given ia to-morrow"« issue.Quite a crowd were gathered at the dock upon the ar- rival of the Lockwoed, and both there and along the streets leading from the deck the greatest disappointment wasfortat Beenaa's non appearance.ASBTVAL or TsV •ANhaaaiur.It was determined that another party should be farmed and another tug hired, to put to sea at twelve o'clock lastnight,butatabouttenminutesofeleven thearrivalof the Yanderbilt was telegraphed to the HBRALD office. At the Vaaderbilt'a dock there were three or four Irishmen collected, who seemed to have nothing to do with any mundane anairs. They could not tell whether or not the steamer would come uptered with, and returned many of "the Boy's" hits. Se-ven bouts were gone through, occupying rather less thanten minutes, at the conclusion of which both were loudlycheered. The evening's entertainment was much similarto that of the afternoon, hut the attendance was muchgreater and was more of a mixed character. There could regiment, also took their positions, and at about a quar- not have been less than from 6,000 to 6,000 persons preThe overland mail coach, with the regular Saa Fran-cisco dates of June 25, and telegraphic advices of tbe Venezuela, New Granada and Cuba, and Plenipo-Lira, as all seemed quite familiar with tho addresses. Tom then took up his belt, and holding it extended above his head, proceeded slowly from the one end of the stage to the other, that the spectators might have a better op- portunity of seeing it. Heenan, who seemed to haveI will call upon the Rev. Matthew Bale Smith to invoke a blessing.The Rev. JJArnntw Bait Sarni, chaplain of the Twelfth888 The regiment then proceeded to the railroad station, enthen dismissed for a littlerepose previous to theexhibi- tion drill in front of the City Ball, which was set down for half past two o'clock in the afternoon.TotalThe steamer Columbia arrived ou the 2*d inst., bring- ing accounts from Crescent City and the northern coun-ing Journal."uly I Tday morning by the arrival of the celebrated United Slates Zouave Cadets, commanded by Capt. K. E. Ells- worm, who reached the city about half-past six o'clock, by the splendid steamboat Isaac Newton. The excursionregiment, then offered up the following prayer.—We thank Thee, OLord, for this bright and beautiful morning. We thank Thee for the gathering of these friends of order, law snd good government. May this in- from one of the spectators induced him also to raise bis terchange of good feeling and soldierly regard strengthenboeough, and give a mimie representation of thattbe visit be full of goat results; and may it ever be that our citizsn soldiers may visit each aad all sections of the land, and thus perpetuate what tbe valor, sacrifices and petriotism of our fathers won. Guard these Thy servants while away from home; preserve them In peace and safe- ty, and then return them home full of pleasant memories connected witb this vkit, and resolved to be more worthyAt the conclusion of tbe drill, Captain Ellsworth, of the Zouaves, was warmly greeted by the military men present at the mgh state of discipline to which he has brought his command. Indeed, we are bound, in all justice, to ac- knowledge that tbe Zouaves, generally speaking, are su- perior to any company in the Pirn Division, <After the drill the Zouaves and the escort marched back••4 . . . . 35 M22through a little bit ef eboice drilling, performing each movement with a promptness and celerity which elicited tbe warmest encomiums. Finally, after stacking arms, Col. KUswcrtb ordered his men to acknowledge the wel- come of the Sixth and Eighth regiments, when a simulta- neous shout of "One, twa. three,four,five,six, seven, Zonare, tig a ar," repeated three times over, followed, given with tbe same unison and promptness as were ob-age fromLiverpxol to San Francisco, baa been dissbarged from custody, having served out his term of one year's imprisonment in tbe county jail and paid bisfineof $17*Official returns from the Oregon election give Sbiel, tba democratic candidateforCongress, seventy majority overvelations, she cannot find a sentence that holds out the idea that slavery will ever cease while there are any heathen aations in the world, Mai that though Jesue Christ rebuked all kinds of sin with the unsparing energy of omnipotence itself, he never uttered one eingle word against slavery. She does not, she says, ownftslave, nor ever again expectf to be a slaveholder, still she is satisfied that slaverythe Seventh presented their usual fine soldierly appear- but still warmly loved by hie men. Be is a graduate of ance, and. with the exception of being sunburnt, exhibit- West Point, and to this fant, perhaps, Is due the profi-company of United States troops fortbespoken April 4, ship Wild Banger, from Boston for thised no ill-elects from the arduous routine of camp lifo. ciency of bis men. The fullftressuniform of the ZouavesThe route of march waa continued ap Broadway, oppo- consist.- of a dark blue coat, with buff trimmings, and site the Metropolitan Hotel, where the Seventh regiment pantaloons and cans of blue, with similar trimmings toSeventh and Eighth regiments, in full uniform. In their ists left Albany the previous evening about hah* past execution of the manual of arms, tbe Zouaves are reryreputation enjoyed by the Zouaves induced several hun- either executing thesa by mot kms or simple word of command. Their hriag by files and by fours was very good, sad by for the best executed movements in tbe first part of tho drill. In the eoatpaay movements oftbeThe reception ofconducted In much tba usual manner, and after some lit- tle delay the march was pursued up Cortlandt street todrill they unslung them.The Zouave drill was well calculated to give the be-holder sa idea of the efficiency of the system in actual combat. Avoiding the formation into compact bodies, and thus lessening the effect of both artdlery and cavalryt i e celebrated corps by the Sixth wasupon them, they deploy in si tent of field as skirmishers, ness of movement giving"squadsover a Urge ex- aa agility aad springi- posaible effect toKEY addressed Col. Ellsworth, the gallant commander ofthe Zouaves, in the following manner:—Cot, ELTAWORTH .«\I> GavriKMBr—In welcoming you toclearly seen, and it was at once apparent that Heenan's of tbe fame they now enjoy. Be with us and our chil- to the Sixth regiment m-mory. where they were dis- fection, lafraternidad; Very Equitable Sovereignsent. At the conclusion of the evening's performance Sayers and Heenan started immediately for London by the evening train.Retvrm •Time 8ewenUlt Regiment. The Seventh regiment, National Guard, Colonel Lefarts, returned from Staten Island yesterday, having been encamped thereforthe past ten days. Before leav- ing Camp Scott yesterdsy the troops devoted the early part of the morning to packing up baggage and preparing for departure. Shortly after nine o'clock the troop(mounted) left the camp, en routt for home, and made their way to the ferry by the regular carriage road. At ten o'clock tne tents were struck, and nothing could be more pleasing to the spectator than to witness tbs prompt manner in which the manoeuvre was accomplish ed. After loosening the cords two men were appointed to each tent, and each taking charge ef one of the poles, at the tiring of the signal gun the whole of tne tents were thrown over to the left, and, where a mo sent before a v illage of canvass stood, an open space appeared, broken only by the soldiers themselves.Theformationof the regiment soon after took place. The following is a copy of the Adjutant's report of the number of men present:—Field officersSUA' officersNon commissioned staff officersTroop..DrummersBandEighth Company, Capt. ShumwayThird Company,Capt Price..Sixth Company, Capt. NevensSecond Company, Capt- ShalerFourth Company,Capt. Biblet.Seventh Company, Capt. MunroeFifth Company, Capt. Speaightter past nine o'clock tbe march was commenced up Broadway, in tb* same order as was observed in march- ingtothehotel,ColonelEllsworthcommanding.The appearance of tbe celebrated company while drawn ap in front of the Astor Bouse was bailed with genuine2Ctb, arrived here at half past ten o'clock this morning. Six through passengers came with the mail.SAS Fn^.vrjraoo, June 25, i m There hare been no arrivals of vessels here since thedeparture of the last mail.Sailed June 24, ships Midnight, for Melbourne, andtentiary to the high Masonic Powers of the United State.«, Ac, Ac. The book is dedicated to tbe very illustrious and distinguished brother, Albert Pike, Gr.*.33,VeryPotent SovereignGrandCommand*.' of the Sapreme Council of the Southern district offours (comrades ia battle) and the mation smtmet cavalry assault, in which tbe troops formed in a sort of pyramidical shape, were superbly executed, and elicited much applause. During the execution of the manual at arms and company drill the Zouaves wore knapsacks, but in the skirmishin tbe order of theirto say that, from theChicagoans made, thethe uniformity in the size of the men, and their true milt tary bearing, and added to this their easy fitting uni- forms, convinced tfce military connoisseur* present that there was muscle, w ill sad discipline in the Chicago Zou- aves such as have not yet been developed in this section ofthe United States of America. The author declares enthusiasm. Animmensecrowdofpeoplefilledtheside BlackWarrior,forMazatlan. TheMidnight took 23,000 inthe preface that he has been induced bytbeand their singular and rather fantastic costumes at- tracted considerable attention. Tbe march was pursued up Broac" way to Union square, down Fourth avenue and Bowery o Grand street, where the procession filed to tbe right, and proceeded to the Sixth regiment armory, corner of Centre street. Here another dense mass of spectators were assembled, and received the Zouaves with a right royal salute of cheering and hnzz-is. Tho drill room, into which the procession marched imme- diately, was tastefully decorated with American flags and the regimental banners of the Sixth, while at inter- vals floral wreaths and numerous appropriate devices were hung upon the walls, in a simple, yet elegant wder, that reflects no small credit upon the designer. The words, "Welcome Zouaves," in gilt letters, were among the decorations that deserve mention.During the enrre* ef the Zouaves, the Eighthregiment, w h o were under orders t o receivetbe Seventh on their return from the StatenIsland encampment, honored the strangers withniue hearty cheers and a ••tiga-ar,' in which the popu-lace joined with good will. On reaching the drill roomthe escorting corps and the Zouaves formed oppositeeach other, and tbe former went through a number ofevolutions in admirable style, concluding with a roar ofthe most deafening applause, intended as a welcoming Capt. E. Pendleton, who was convicted last year of cm with more intense interest than any othersalute to the strangers. The latter were then put eltytuseamenonboardthebarkSarah Park,ontbevoy- book, And that yet, from Genesis to Re-route for home. At the railroad station a special train,consistingoffivecoveredandthreeplatformcars,with TheChicagoZouavesappeartobecomposedofveryyoung tiesoftheState. Theexcitementthereregardingthe istheschoolwhichGodhasestablishedforthe)seats, waa hi attendance to convey the regiment to the ferry, aad waa soon filled with the members. As the train passed along ladies were to be seen waving theirmen, aboutmedium height, generally good looking and well formed. Their gay, fantastic uniforms, scarlet breeches snd caps, give them a lively, spirited appearance, Inter-new copper mines continued, and line claims were being opened with excellent prospects.The papers still complain of the depredation? of the iu- dians, who kill cattle whenever opportunities occur.A large number of Chinamen have congregated at theconversion of barbarous nations; that, were she absolute governor of these United States, her first missionaryenterprisewouldbetosendto Africa to bring its heathens, as slaves to thisAraIreInNapleS. atabouttwoo'clock,hitheVandorbilt,forAmerica.handkerchietsfromthewindowsoftheirresidences,andmingledwithaslightdashoftbeferocious,whichissup-being found imposs ble to recosstiucti the stations so ttfteen fites front, and the Eighth regiment, fourteen and leggings; blue vest, with orange braid. and a peculiar soon. Probably by the latter part of boat week it willSteamboats sank and damaged by ice steam boats snagged and sunk steamboats run Sato bank., Steamboat collisions« • * fA3" , * 5"» • ** JJcwr 14 - A motion was made kysteamboats burned Meombowts sunk on Steamboatssunkbystorms Steamboat explosions Msehicervbroken CoUrtions with bridgesflUtsT » WUta OF TMB 20CAV# C« FBOXT OP TBI OTT B A * .Thegreatattractionofysjaerday,aadforwhichour eitiasae were prepared several days previously, was the drillbytheZouaves. Theboar appointedfortatseventone*per cent in addition to all costs,'T h a Slatv e r rVITKDSTATESCOMMISSIBefore Commissioner JtivU.—lntktmatteroftheCiTotalsteamboats..Omflhaats tostHatboats and bargesNo. of lives lost..••..••«•••••*• .......•.•»••••* ^-^ajo•rr*••*•• -r«Court allowed ly, 01,38!his country*s demand?. The Present volume ia made op of the most interesting portions of Sir Johna owa despatches, aad refer chiefly to hia first expedition, aadertaken in the year Iftlft, aad which resahed in thaloss ofso many valuable lives. No one can read this volosne of "thrilling events" without coming to the coocluaioo that but a pitiable return has been made,«•*• the window*, balconies sad steps of the City Bail, and tho but bail was put in, aad theportant change.The afla'.rs of Brewster A Co., and other business housesguide for Masters of Lodges, Presidents of Chap-:In this they proved theirtainopenrank,totheright BanettaLettersoatheDivineTrinity.Mitchell'a Popular Astronomy.Philemon's Revised English Soogstreas. Hitchcock's Anatomy aad Physiology.Marriage and its Violations.Thirty Years in tbe Arctic Regions.Cicero on Oratory and Orations.Pension's Sermons.Panesbury House.History of Genghis Khan.Abridgement of the Debates of Congress, V ol,are confirmed.this decision.hood of Ssn Francisao, and destructive to the schemes ofreal estate speculators in the various towns of tbe state. gard to the justice as to the moral and practical ef-pressionontiewhale,madebytheirfirstappearance seaports,waitingconveyancetoBritishColimbia, Christianland,andkeepthemiabondage yesterday, was decidedly favorable. The following is agage wagons, which latter, under the care of Mr. Studley,bad proceeded by the carriage road. Before leaving the full list of the corps— whither tbey go on account of the mining tax in Cali- until compulsory labor had tamed theirisland the band played "The Girl I Left Behind Me," and itgkert-K. E. Ellsworth, Col. Commanding; J. P Scott, fornia. k-Aaoj*beastliness and civilization, and Christianity had prepared thesa to return aa missionaries of pro- gress to their benighted black brethren. Starting from this point of view, tha author weaves into aregiment, and will take all Vbstr maBat being practical believers iff the rigid disoriine,they will sleep oa the floors orf.tha^reglamntsmery. at Ceawe amsket, a^aothmgljepsjaAing; themtrom the bard boards but tbe scarlet Zouave blankets, inwhich they wrap thewiserrsJsWpwrysaUieycaf, andit • supposed successfully court tbe embraces of Mor- extra allowance, under sectioaJSOOe »code, wbleh was life of a true hero, and sacrificed ft to science aadOtio Matter ef A c ears JEeftoJ* wasnaifpasttwoo'dorkP.M.,sadlongbeforethathour defondaatiathiscasewaatohave»pains and trees in the Park, were thronged, except a por- the August term. Jesse A.ihe case of the alleged slaver Emily,tion .segarated by chains aad guarded by poUcemen, Captain Otto.Estimated aggregate lod *l,.aLaevAPausawma Exnxiao mow AL*RABA-—>*ro!. K. law- that waa allotted tbr the raw of the Mayor sadAaxamowaw ra MiasnniIM»Tke mWmjim msstinas the twcista is said to exWt m the comer of Clark and Wayne,ef thisiSFatattee,,aandChboctaw aad Washington,of Alalbama, who are defyviaag the npeonptlae and the authorities. CGmeasidar- ableeither to science or commerce,many valuable lives that have beenfor th esacrificedrenee Hale, a lecturer on Electre-Biototry, has bora torei- Cunmon CounciL There ware at least ten tnoo-following singular rumor: —An argent ed bead of aboli- to the phantom of a northwest chaaiieL Thebly ejected from tba city ef Selma, ami lislttdTbT the papers of that city as an I professor isprtasatsd himself aa a b a c k e r , Greenbrier <Va.Wre a y that,Mrs.Jssf*Tt*f. r * i « IJewaWi lew* sVC^UTsJlsand perrons assembled to witness tba drtB, sadmost remarkable incidents of Sir John's first expe- dition occurred dnriag hk overhand journey throughamong them those of all eoaditions end s u e s . Snortry after three o'clock, the Zouaves, under the escort ofThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069\1Untitled DocumentSapreme Before Boa. Judgedeath aad ended ttap. aaBe^gn of some of tho hardiest, areted»es i«K»wkick^civffis«d world, will always dwell n > admiratiea. B o lived the . M . - ^ a V a — -.a* ***»!sma • A n —- » * * —www.fultonhistory.com 