 ••n?:t«' •finay, the intelligent subscriber to a T R I B U N E Club,riciere full occupation for his brindled, piebald ;•against whoever may attack you ! I have done forI•t -a*You already know that the Prince Regent ofPrussia and the- Emperor of Austria, met the other ing through Victor Emanuel, to restrain him and bast night, or he may arrive there this morning; and, day at Teplitz. What their, talk there amounted put him down, has brains enough to see that'what in short,-it is possible he may have arrived here at to none of the public definitely knows. Versions can't be cured must be endured; and to'see that if Turin, to confer with an exalted personage. But Iof it ad nauseam the public has been furnished the fight is' to come between Garibaldi and Francis, shall not be able to state anything positive on this head between progress and reaction, between Victor before to-morrow.The most accepted, 1 hardly dare say the most Emanuel and F1. Joseph, that he must, to save him-•IInewly-acquired domain between Free Labor and capi- at once the gold and silver ornaments which they found ing of premiums by the judges. To-morrow there willtal in slaves, between Freedem and Slavery, a mem- in the temples and on the persons of the natives, igno- be an exhibition of matched horsae, trotting-horses, manity, for the sake of a false theory and a falseorable compromise, which, ai «r a trial of only thirty- rant of their European .values, and subjugated and en- promise of nationality. As compared with Kaiserfour years,proved to be effeel rve onjy in its concessions slaved the natives themselves. But these simple chil- and juvenile equestrianism until lrT'clock, when the Joseph, the Prince Regent is undoubtedly a " pro- grace was. done him at the order of tho" Christian!(But, 'fellow-citizens, tol exempt our statesmen by Wc love and we ought to love the fellowship of our reason,-:and humanity can workright on without fanati- King Francis, belonging to one of the " oldest fami- idle rumors of Cavoiir's resignation. He will and " teries." I replied* that there was not a doubt of it,nTVA_EUROPE.This poeHavely last ofAll are agreed after the tragedy••xistsadegi. <ble. A t h i r < !such notices glttc" "Z>4f* P/eopleare \-w try, and thii cart-loads O Frenchcompa another ste? tniti'pMforpIaj'M are being <3f* that 15,000 $hflarge sums oi nees it fireeiyj in**eirpay, je* of men, < being sent oil of appreher% :0 penoed on— srineers; and, Bvensentin*I have re&zf n t by whom the •. mty presentbsffca WHSd: . There w*4JilJ w <flhtlw, ] l-HUWrjT'-.-- "*' * •l^»l '^^'''t^ '' |* ^'^ '^^ ^ ' >^*^^'- '1.NEW-YORK DAILY TRI^tiNE, WE9,&••,', ,.•J-HmJaeentry -with J » nlcfesant tradition* of all pre-of peace. It was. in 1820, therefore*' that theIt was thenthe Bourbons is not only husband of a Bavarian#e<ix£gjirtje*, andcomMned so felicitously the moetMsater of our national sympathies with the most in- ever since the divergent course then so ,;.incon-i the African heathen from eiternal suffering in a future veterate aad repulsive ofjpi orconservative interests, has sidcrately entered, until at last, we have reached state, and through the painful path of earthly bond-princess and stepson of an Austrian princess, but is the prolongation of Turkey Preserved would be aguild brother of the Austrian and Bavarian mon- farce. A.U are, agreed that - the sick man is dead:. only with the relations of : neo to an unseen and future we equally increase the evils of discontent and the world, must be abjured I n their conduct toward each- dangers of domestic faction.. .•ether on earth, have unary discarded justice and hu-manity from their systems, broken up nearly all the Fellow-citizens, while I lament the national diver-existing combinations for i piritual ends, and attempted gence I have thus described, I-do not confess it to bet o conduct affairs of government on principles equally altogether inexcusable. Much less do I blame any one io violation of the Cowtitution and of. the eternal or more of our politicians or parties, while exemptiogduce civilization on the shores of the Mediterranean and throughout the coasts of the Indian Ocean. Christianity, more fully developed and better under- stood now than heretofore, turns with disgust aiid horror from the employment of force aad piracy as a necessary agency of the Gospel.day It had given.way not merely to indifferent skep- or forward, not backward and forward.Joseph Garibaldi is going to Naples. How he is ment of 3848, one of the half-dozen first advocatesticism or negative unbelief, but to a quite active going, when he is going, nobody but himself .knows. of the French bar, and one of the half-dozen largest-disbelief. No. direct, official, positive proof of its In all the abundance of reports of bis purposed, minded men in France.ties and of all the parties o * the day—foundations that indeed, who ever realize that the whole human race had been laid in compromises of natural justice and hu- suffers somewhat in the afflictions and calamities' whichment like the Indians, incapable of assimilation, but Victor Emanuefdoes not stop letting Garibaldi help .not the less, therefore, entitled to such care and protec-al sentiment.Let us see if we can in the present case,predict its result as an unengaged spectator from'a sympathy of the American people with the Hunga-irved and unfelt, bringingis, that Slavery in the Territories of the United States. is left open by the Constitution to our utmost peacefuland the great masses of the people to whom. it has •when our departure frot the right and safe way only been recently presented, and doubtlessly often occurred. Certainly itv not in the Revolutionary presented under unfavorable circumstances, might age* The nation then ex? ienced and felt a-stsrn ne- well desire time for its careful and deliberate examina-But when it shall have been accomplished what ?assure my French liberal acquaintance of what I mentioned national sympathy amounted*in all, if Ieeesity, perceived and >lutely aimed at a transcen- dently sublime object, accepted cheerfully the awakening influences of intensely-moving and gea-tion.It seems a bold suggestion to say, that a great nationought to reconsider a practice of forty years' duration;what disasters and calamities must we suffer 1 I answer no dangers, disasters, or calamities. All par- ties will acquiesce, because it will be the act of the .people, in the exercise of their sovereign power, in conformity with the Conetitution and laws, and in har-umph in the approaching Presidential election; but. not merely " b a i c k u p , " but drive its watchfuleroue principle. The ne jssiiy was deliverance from but forty years of a nation's life are equivalent to only British" oppression; the object, independence; the prin- one yeaT in the life of an individual. The thought is a',uiii ersal European and human question) is con- of Victor EmanueL'. The annexation of-Nice andcerned, I confine inyse If to. facts as much as possi- Savoy was rather a feature of Cavour's policy-than part of Garibaldi's ships are being collected in thegard warnings of what we were assured by high though interested authorities always were distant, im- probable, and even visionary dangers. It cannot be denied that the African races among us are abject, al- though their condition and even their presence here are due not to their will or fault, but to our own, and that they have a direct interest in the question of Slavery. How natural has it been to assume that the motive of those who have protested against the exten- sion of Slavery was an unnatural sympathy with- the negro, instead of what it always ha9 really been—con- cern for the welfare of the.white W n . There are few,equally with white men, and were equally absolvedfrom it by the Revolution, and are not. only held tocommunication, is, "There is something in it." That the debarkation of his troops on the Italian, "Popes.'* maim land has begun, w$ know; beyond that We. ,• ITALY.•ciple, the inalienable rights of man. The Revolution leaet consistent with political philosophy, for it is not mony with the eternal principles of justice and the be-was a success, because the country had in Adams and Jefferson and Washington and their associates, the leaders, and in the Whigs the party needful for thiscrisis, and these were sustained by the people!Our departure was not aft the juncture of the estab- lishment of the Constitution, tfhe country then had and owned a new and oyerpOwerint* necessity, per- ceived and demanded a new object, and adopted a new and moet animating principle.. The necessity, the escape from anarchy;, thepoject, Federal Union; the principle, fraternity' of the American^people. The Constatution with the Ordi ce of 1787, practically apart of it, was not a failun because Hamilton, Jay, and Uadison, were coinpe mt, and the Federal party was constant, and the le gave it aconhding and generous support..more true that personal persistence in error leads inev- nignant spirit of the age in which we live. All parties itably to ruin, than it is that ey/jry nation exists by and all sections will alike rejoice in the settlement of aof Napoleon's policy. waters of Cagliari, the smaller vessels, which are numerous, being near Messina. In the mean time, That Garibaldi's supremacy is an offense and. a Garibaldi came yesterday quite unexpectedly to thaI counsel, thus for a simple reason incapable of illu- It was not in 1800 that the national' deviation took mination. Slavery, however.it may be at any time oraffairs;-Austria rather yielded to Prussia—i. e.,Austria accepts'or submits to the Prussian Govern- prevent the struggle from coining to that final issue.place. Then were disclosed.a new* public necessity, new object, and new prindple. A separation and re- moval of aristocratic chocks and interests from the »'mechanism of our republican institutions. The needed. reform did not fail, because!Jefferson and George Clin- . ion, with their associatesj| braved all resistance, the Republican party defend and the people sustainedin any place excused, is at ^all timeB and everywhere unjust and inhuman in irs very nature: while Free- dom, however it may be at any time or in any place neglected, denied, or abused, is in its nature right, just, and beneficent. It can never under any circumstances be wise to persevere voluntarily in extending or forti- fying an institutidn that is intrinsically wrong or cruel. 11 can never be unwise wherever it is possible to de-ment's notions of a reform in the military organi- Between the peace of Villafrauca and .every French diplomatic act since then, is the completest accord-them. 'Again, the departure did ot occur in 1812. Then fend and fortify an' existing institution that is foundedhibitora, rushing hither and thither; the imple-ments dragged about in search of their place of de-posit: the noise of hammers in all parts of the grounds;and the bare, untenanted appearance of the various runaway Tuscan Duke, he will lend more or less stalls ancWialls, repel rather than iuvite visitors. Gen-wax discovered a furthera further object, and innoble principle of action,of national rights; the obiect. freedom- of intercourse whhmankind; the priqeip ), the defense of our homeson the rights of._ Human Nature. Insomuch as opin- ions are so materially, and yet so unconsciously affect- ed and modified by time, place, and circumstances, we may hold these great truths firmly, without impeaching the convictions or the motives of those who deny them io argument or in practice.that Austria has full right to Venetia, and thai, al- though he will not undertake a war with.her for the 'defense of that territory and the restoration of thevanced party in the contest.The deep interest in the new phase of the Eastern Question is still strong and general. Subscriptions for the benefit of the distressed Christians of Syria are taken up in the Churches and received in all newspaper offices, from all sorts of individuals anddown these propositions: ~P "That nationality does not necessarily imply one Govenunentand one King, but springs from thene.element*—(similarity oi race, tongue, toil, community of Internal and external interest* ; that an agglomeration of people in a state of natural repulsion to> one another, end kept together by the sword, cannot be called nationality. Strength is not obtained by impressing on the na- tion a formal unity of government. Where the gemue of each port is left free to follow the tendencies favored by local circum-The zzoti origi'..a:<r<ii airr;3 ut thity, bringing into view cing yet another new and [be necessity, a vindicationmaterial and moral aid to Austria to suppress any/ and our honor. The wart of 1812 was a success, be-came Clay, Calhoun, and Tompkins, did not shrinkfrom the trial; the Republican party approved, and the the flrtt. Knowledge, emulation, and independence people sustained them. among the members of a social atate are the chief ele-insurrection within her German limits while she is sun the chaos gives place to some Bhow of order and engaged in defending Venetia [it is a good dealIn 1820, however, the nation had unconsciously ments of national wealth, strength, and power. Igno-in their places. rNorth Italy, Prussia will declare war against.France —or will then take part with Austria in the Italiandevoted to a cause in which humanity, Christiani-ty, and nationality are all'eagerly interested. Therance, indolence, and bondage of individuals are reer, namely; that of expansion. By purchases from always sources of national imbecility and decline. All France and Spain it had extended its borders from nations in their turns have practiced Slavery. Most the St. Mary's southward! around, the peninsula of of them have abolished it. The'world over, the Florida, and from the Mieaittippi to the Rocky Moun- wealthiest and moet powerful nations have been thosetains, an expansion to be ifterward indefinitely con- which tolerated it least, and which earlieet and most tinned.Weallknowtheadvantagesofexpansion. completelyabolishedit.'VirginiaandTexasareThey are augmented wealth and population. But we thrown ii.to a panic even now by-the appearance el-reached and entered a new stage in its successful ca-all know equally well, if wo will only reflect, that no even the suspicion of a handful "of men within theirOf the English,provoking to these'horrors, themselves any one who should pronounce'an opinion in opposi-obedience to the same moral laws which direct individ- ual life, that they are written in its original constitu- tion, and it must continually reform itself according to the spirit of those laws, or perish.My humble advice, then, fellow-citizens, is, that we return and reestablish the original policy of the nation, and henceforth hold, as we did in the beginning, that Slavery is and must be only a purely local, tempo- rary and exceptional institution, confiped within the Slave States wnere it already exipts, while Freedom in the general, normal, enduring and permanent condition of society within the jurisdiction, and under the author- ity' of the Constitution of the United States.controversy which has agitated the country and dis- turbed its peace so long. We shall regain the respect and good-will of the Nations; and once more, consist- ent with our principles, and-with our ancient charac- ter, we shall, with their free consent, take our place at their head, in their advancing progress toward a higher and more happy, because more humane and more genial civilization.ble. To tint the plain. black on white with thewarm colors of my own hope, would be but selfishamusement. Now, to the question of the Austrian stench in the nostrils of all continental crowned, Island of Madalena (about ten miles west of the northt•I counsel thuB for another reason quite as simple ascompleteness, and by protracting their labors somewhat plainer than a pikestaff that the war once begun" corporations. The managers of theaters, concerts, stances and indicated by traditions, there all the human facalti**borders, instigating civil war. Massachusetts andwith all external signs of cqrdiality is certain.Individual life without expot ure to some new danger. eighty years ago. , ,.- . * , tions offered are such that no doubt this Fair will be a What then is the danger wh ch attends expansion ? It gratifying success. Such a result is much needed bydirectly evidenced not more by what he saidthau nothing is so madly wide of reason as French jeal- by agitation be understood talk; and never was the in-that should be applied thereafter in all cases of farther Let us briefly review them. With the discovery and thie, added to. the proverbial conservatism of New- expansion. This necessity brought into glaring light conquest of America confessedly came a responsibility Jersey farmers militates against large pecuniary profits. a new object, namely, since i he only existing cause of to reclaim it from nature and to "introduce civilization. We notice a feature which may be presented to- mutual alienation among tie States was Slavery, Unfortunately Spain and Portugal, the discoverers andRailroad at Salzburg. And here it is to be spe- Grandguillot]-all these cooperative causes have pre-cially noticed that the great German movement served a vitality of interest in this last Syrian mas-1 sacre and final symptom of Turkey's mortal mala- toward national unity is so colored by jealousy ofN alarmed at (..4:&Ottoman Empire.of the Crimean War, which settled nothing flhat;m«<$>«3 %King Bonibetta at INaples.want of an adequate supnly of free labor.national deviation began. We have continued •:, thought an exercise of Christian benevolence to rescueWhile we must now, in deference to history, excusethe first divergence, it is manifest that our subsequentpersistence in the same course hasbeen entirely un- fore must have more slaves and more slave labor ? Ithey are the only logical ones on which he can killed last week by an assassin. The man had a\necessary and unjustifiable. New-Brnnawick, Nova answer, first, that no class or race of men have a rightiis career by Piedmont ? After all, has Austria European education, and, despite his barbarities, sent any such note; or, indeed, any note to Pied- found honest action. A constitutional Bourbon is aScotia and Canada, what remains of Mexico, all the to demand sugar, cotton, or any other comfort of human West Indies and Central America, are doubtless verycontradiction in terms. As I said in the time of was an enlightened ruler of his semi-barbarous mont, within the last ten days ? These have been the first proclamation of the Constitution at Naples, subjects. His successor, elected by the Montene- for a week, and are still, questions much debated no one believed in it-^neither the revolutionists nor grin Senate, is a lad of twenty years or thereabout, the reactionists—-the King himself as little as Gari- who has just left his classes in a Paris school!There, too, are budding germs of a row and rum*-pus'with Turkish suzerainty.ents and a highly zigzaggerated quantity and ized.as yet in only two definite camps; not all op- . In special French matters, some jubilating talk variety of conjectural solutions from editing ponents to the old regime are annexationists—not among opposition folks has grown out of the elec-journalists and shrewd oral commentators. Last allenemies to Garibaldi are reactionists. iBut it is hap- tion of Jules ?avre to the high honorary office ofbdtonnier of the Paris bar. Such an election is th» Tuesday the belief that the Viennese Cabinet had pily fast growing clear that, come what will, .but one highest honor that can be paid by his fellows io anotified the. Turin Cabinet that Austria would in- of two results is probable. Garibaldi's defeat and Parisian lawyer. I need not say that Jules Favre Is thorough reaction, or King^Francis's defeat and Ital-tervene with •armed force!to.repel a Garibaldian in- ian Unity. Here is really the advance that has a foremost republican in his political sentiments.desirable, but we have patiently waited for them, and life to be wrung for them, through the action of the 7arenow likely to wait until theycan be acquired with- Federal Government, from the ..unrewarded and com-out recerving Slavery with them, or extending it over pulsory labor of any other class or race of men.them. Nay, all the resistance we have ever met m -* I answer, secondly, that we have sugar and cottonhere, and have all receivedpositive amrmative andadding Spanish American territories to onr Republic,The parties in Naples are not, unhappily, organ-.place. Tow n itary 8nd of. c were xnovui'. hundreds oflaws of God's Providenoe for the regulation of the others. All are, in different degrees, perhaps, respon- Fourthly: . All the subtle evasions and plausible .QSHVQXUfQe B _ sible alike, and all have abundant if not altogether ade- political theories which have heretofore been brought These views of the characters of bur modern parties' quate excuses. Deviation.once begtuij without realiz- into the argument for an extension of Slavery, have atthemselves by a priori argument that Austria would not prove to be in Ftolerable accordance withnot repeat her last year's error by taking the first his real plans. To suppose that any of them on occasion of the Napoleonico-National fete of theare by no means newly ec nceived of my part. In that high and intensely excitim: debate in Congress in the year 1850, which, overruling the Administration of CSen-Taylor,broughtthehentwodominatingparties- into a compromise at the time solemnly pronounced •final, irrevocable, and eternal, but which was never- theless scattered to. the vrjpds of Heaven only four •years afterward, the great.. statesman of Kentucky de- nounced^ party spirit as l e assumed it to be raging ihroughoht the country, as pregnant with the imminent and intolerable disasters oi civil war and national dis- solution. I ventured then to reply that, in.my humblejadgmenty it was not a coi flict of parties that we then were seeing and hearing, i>nt it was, on the contrary, the agony of distracted parties, a convulsion resulting from the too narrow found sitions of both the great par-.ing the immediate presence of danger, it was easier to last been found fallacious and frivolous.continue on .than to return. The country has all the It is unavailing now to eay that this Government was time been growing richer and more prosperous and made by and for white men only, since even slaves.populous. Itwasnotunnaturalthatweshoulddisre- owedallegiancetoGreatBritainbeforetheRevolutionhave authoritative foundation would be insane. 15th August, one was given to Victor Sejour^ one step in an intervention that might well lead to a J. G. has the usual strong man's;faculty of silence. of the authors of La Tireusedcs Cartes (the drama-general war. To-day (Monday) I should say that He would need be an ass to tell Europe at large, tized story of the Little Mortara^, and another tothe formula of the state'of public opinion respect- the diplomats in general,' and' Naples in partic M.1 "Lefon, who has distinguished himself re- cently by a masterly little volume entitled " A ingthisadmonitory;nottosaymenacing,Austrian ular, in advance what he was going to do.. "ThousandYears-ofWarBetweenHomeandtheminds of tb» sions,lie a**- classes, it I' found amoo; I have n*istsa*to case of daiJr.'* •20,000 nasabrs have f>,000 1.-deavorto.w. ily. '• I am u mooTuthiiiK, id prowees 6; |^ the NeapotitaAlexandre. on board the r 1,500 nmske* . « ily. Two or• 1 should vre the reports mentioLUig, • r my' lettexi*; •which I car have been itr luxuriance c iu circuLaUpd i tion. but tb which rbavf .J the Ur:>ac C- wereof ncvaiout arn>. Cc tior a being c iuliohs.You willren up to the Sic Lii money on bejar ican ciiizee*. States Mir;Icancot d|e poes€S£!on. May1 this mota,ingout., ar.d w metwitiu 'L£1 - not likely to ca.stand at tla. - c troops and «,: t cit-v. BLit-T n: have 9T>ent i he Things'. Ire: e-i midnight w« wof canuort? ir th have not heird^ told, on the -.iM ly readv for se: The Ye'iocc t-vrri•mare, stemof men prote.e .bows. A 0",* the eifcrte oi iland shots w< k g out. '*• otaere reefi fire, Swtt'wu; Veio.ce wu&tJ of war ctat:: ashore to vx±• induced oic- Moiiarc-i, is v< men are wbc•I may not fore ' I cloee tbat the ciry the Custody, with the exc The fact is, 1 discovered, a Aquua. T'jj; Brazilt»n ve*-<E• Highness is"its tious w^fch ubcarvi tha I . Dumas, the for Sicily,, hto a Freuch 2» Gove:nmezthe ianjiinsr they Live .« capital for t;Th* Con- seat out .of I here beir.g\A «oospLra< sense, OI %•' i ftT<^-3 ScOtv tj>eopt* leav: £;opL.cii Uir«.<.Fears are e resuit rrox prevails '-^ £ the' M02.teu4.JTiTkzLorJtervieV be; Emperor Of between,the engagement the £ai!>ero be e,awoditGarmaa w. -apoudeccc bwPrince L through Li lecting all li 3vience and voted*' A bronz* about to be''placeoftheA3 • The Pari| •<)i"*? Vr'•*!'•§:<*"* a? %3fg*P)lThe steamship Fulton, from Havre on the 21st ult.,a point where, amid confusion, bewilderment ' age to open to him the gates to the celestial paradis*. and Southampton the 22d, arrived at this port on Tues- archs—' • W e three brothers be." Suddenly, I say,' -won the South BOd«rtexoi tshr, by stimulating its mad- But all this ia now changed. We are at last no feeble> dert ambition, and yeVhas held the North so tenaciously and mutual recriminations, it seen* ahke impos--guadsolong,byawakeningitswildettandmoetde- sibletogoforwardortoreturn, wehaveadded orsioklycolonies,butagreat,populous,homogene-the corrupted corpse is kept above ground, a stench;he takes courage. The measures of this unfledged in all civilized nostrils, while the by-standing Pow-day mbiming. Her news has been anticipated by theterritory after territory, and region after region, with ous nation,i unsurpassed and unequaled in all the telegraph, and by a later arrival; but the mail* furnish baldi amount not merely to an abrogation, but to aaaoraKilDg tears. "What i^ ita condition ? It is dentin*-Mushed ia fortune froai he Bxtinguiahed rivals only, bythe circnmstance that) both portions of its crew, divi-ded as the hulk break* iht< two not unequal parts, re-tain sufficient energy in t loir despair, to seize on the•drifting wrecks of other -parties, and by a conningthough hopeless carpentery, to irarae wretched andriekety raits on which tc sustain themselves for on9dark night more on the empestuons sea of nationalpolitics. All these part* s, it is now manifest, wereorganized not specially tt «»tablish justice and main-tain freedom and equality amoDganhonest,jealous,and liberty-loving people, but to achieve some mate-rial public advantage of temporary importance, or tosecure the advancement of bom - hief to whose discre-tion, as if the Government were an elective despotisminstead of a republic, the listribution of ita patronageand the direction of its affi irs should be implicitly con-fided. They did indeed ot tt of respect or fear of gen-erous reforms, often affect to express elevated princi-ples and generous aentira nts in their carefully elabo-rated creeds, but these cree is nevertheless, even whensot ambiguously expressed; were frdm time to time re-vised, and qualified, and m idified, so that at last the in-terpreters who alone hac them by heart, and wereable to repeat them, were-found perverting the Con- has resulted from our willful and perverse purpose of plus of the latter for exportation, without any increasestitution in its most unequivocal parts, and most palpa- subverting freedom there, to blight the fairest portion of slave territory. Do you say that Europe .wantsble meaning, disparaging and rejecting the Declaration of the earth, when we found ft free, by extending over more sugar and cotton than we can now supply ? Iof independence, and stultifying the founders,of the it our only national agency of desolation. We may reply, let then Europe send her free laborers,nither, ori .Republic The parties thus constituted, dependent not doubtless persist still further. We may add conques" into Italy, or into the West Indies, or into the East; oren any national or even any natural sentiment, but on to conquest, for resistance to our ambition daily grows if it suit them better, let them engsge the natives ofmore and more impossible, until we surpass in extent cotton-growing regions in the old world, to producemere discipline for their Cohesion, and coming at last and apparent strength the greatest empires of ancient cotton and sugar voluntarily and for adequate com-through constant demoralization,- to assume that capital or modern times, all the while enlarging the area of pensation. Such a course, instead of fortifying andand not labor, property an< I not liberty is the great in- African bondage; but after our already ample experi- ^enlarging the sway of Slavery here, will leave us freeterest of every people, $nd that religion conversant ence, I think no one will be bold enough to deny that to favor its gradual removal. It will renew or intro-the customary boldness of feebly-resiBted conquerors, elements of colonization and civilization. Free hv some details of interest. not merely neglecting to keep Slavery out of our new bor here continually increases and, abounds, andpossessions, but acwislly removing all the. barriers is fast verging toward European standards ofagainst it which we found standing at the times of con- value. There is not one- acre too much in ourycondemnation of the Constitution granted by,his W e have store of pamphlets on the subject: tktt father m 1848, never since withdrawn, and re- one which proposes AbclEl-Kader as Emperor of.grahted by himself (by. his father confessor's per- Syria and Arabia not 'being the absordesi Wellmission, with full mental reservation) a few weeks enough to note, here, for the credit of unsectarian ago, but never yet sworn to by him. His faithful humanity, that Super-Islamitic Abd-EI-Kader, andquest. In doing this, we have defied the moral opin- broad domain for the supply V>f even three genera- ions of mankind; overturned the laws and systems of tions of our free population, with.th«ir certain increase. Our fathers, and dishonored their memories by declar- Immigration ftom Europe is crowding our own sons ing that the unequaled and glorious Constitution which into the western region, and this movement is daily theygave us carries with it, as it iattends our eagles, aucmented by the application of new machines for di- not Freedom and personal rights to the oppressed, but miniBhiog mechanical ard even agricultural labor. At Slavery and a hateful and baleful commerce in slaves, this very moment, Congress, after a long and obatoate whereverwewina conquestby seaorland<^ver the reluctance,findsitselfobligedtoyieldaJomesteadlaw whole habitable globe. •• „-FRANCE.;,';•••'those which ' <Joaxd. F 6 Comitate an and, without .evident thato relieve the pressure of labor m the Atlantic States. Certainly, therefore, we have no need and no room for African slaves in theFederal-Territories. Do you say that we want more sugar and more cotton, and there-enough already for domestic consumption, and a sur-Degative answers from the newspaper correspond- baldi.'quenceof th e for several dallegiance now under our laws, but .are also subjected W e give up the formal diplomatic note from Count know| nothing. Tbat it will be continued most ofto taxation and actual representation in every depart-ment of the Federal Government! No go vemmentcanRechberg to Count Cavour, but we hold to some us bfelicve and that by the'time it is completed. . mMOVEMENTS OF GxVRIBALDI.question transcending the too narrow creed? of exist- . The argument, though demanding the most diepas- profitable to cultivate at the cost of the desolation of the case can be stated more distinctly, nor that rhetor- these men is to be blamed for this. . Each has done strait, very leisurely reconnoitered* the coast. He hasing,paniea had arisen—that the public conscience was ?iona;e calmness and kindness, has too often*been con- native vineyard. Nor will the argument'that the party ical solemnity of phrase would be more apt to it. yeoman's service for Italy. It is natural that each always a glass in his hands. On Wednesday, in theexpanding with it, and the green wkhes of party com- ducted with anger and broken out into violence. of Slavery is national and that of Freedom sectional, It is not apt to the truth of current history to treat should underrate and be unjustly jealous of the evening of which Miseori's expedition started, I had an.excuse itself from the duty of protecting the extremethat tbe African race here is a foreign and feeble ele-. tor' Emanuel's Court, the drift of which is that if'easting blame on our political parties, does not reacb,' slayeholding brethren. How natural, therefore, has it cism, and bear.coTituvely without retaliation. I coun- particularly the two-gun battery, whose guns, 68-pound- bat only approximates thejreal-source of responsibili y. been to make the concessions so neceesary to silence sel this'course farther, because the combinations of. lies:" of" European royalty, is but a crowned must accept Garibaldi, who is only logically carry- ers, were made rather conspicuous by the bright brassAll of these parties bavepeen composed of-citizens, their coinplaints, rather than by seeming "impractica- Slavery are broken up, and can nev^rbe renewed with net a few but many citizens, in the aggregate, all the bility in what was thought a matter of indifference, to. succeed. Any new combination must be based on the citizens of the Republic. They were not ignorant, will- lose such genial companionship. Again, at least, pres- principle OT the Southern Democratic faction, thatweakness.If this-communication'between Vienna and Turining out into practice the consequences of his mas- terly diplomacy for the last six years.tompions then shining with the reflection of the sun. After a Htle while he spoke of the Faro, observing that " This is a very commanding position." We then had some more conversation respecting the features of the locality and the advantages it offered for the purpose' to which he devoted it. -The General remained a snort time on the poop, when |he took up some things—arti- cles of attire—and went 'into the cabin. There weresome friends and a few of his general staff on deck at the time.Nothing has taken place worth narrating since yes- terday, but there is rumor enough to fill a column of jour journal. fOn leaving Sicily Garibaldi announced his departure in the following addrees to the National Guard of Mes- eina, delivered from the balcony of his house:To pass now for a moment from facts to probabili- ful, or dishonest citizens, nut sincere, faithful, and use-. ent peace and safety together, with some partial guar- Slavery is inherently just arsd beneficent,, and ought to is not in black and white on diplomatic, note paper, ties: Garibaldi is going in a straight line from Mes-ful members of the State, j Tbenparties of our conntry, what are they at any tinje, but ourselves, the people of OUT country ? Thus the faults of past Adminis- tration and of course the responsibility for existing evils, are brought directly[home to yourselves and my- self—-to the whole peopfe. This ism?hard saying. The wisest, justest, and Jmost virtuous of men occa- irionalJy errs and has need daily to implore the Divine•Cfoodness that he be not led further into temptation; and just so the wisest, justest, and most virtuous of na- tions often unconsciousH lose and depart from their ancient approved and safer ways. Is there any socie- ty, even of Christians, that-has never had occasion.to •reform its practice, retrace ha too careless steps aad discard heresies that havejeorrupted its accepted faith ?What was the English resolution of 1648, but a return from the dark and dangerous rood of absolutism? What the French revolution, but a mighty convulsion,-that while it carried ab: e, enlightened, and libert/- loving, nation backward >n their progress of three hundred years, owed all ii horrors to the delay which had so long postponed the ceded reaction..'A national departure al ays happens, when a greatanties and concessions of freedom, were from time totime obtained by compromises. Who had the right, or*who the presumption to say with the certainty of beingheld responsible for casting imputations of bad faith of Federal protection, whicn is insufficient in the upon our Southern brethren, that these compromisesemergency occurrs unobithe necessity for the at ent of some new and im-portant object, which can >nly be secured through the opposition, while within the Slave States, it is en- inspiration of some new but great and generous nationsounder, calmer judge than he of the result of the coining Presidential election in the United States.Austria. Louis Napoleon will not, and dare not if he would, let Austria re-invade Lombardy. The sympathy of the French people a year ago with thetion interdicted the African Slave trade. Scarcely three generations have passed away, since-the subject of the wrongfulness-of Slavery first engaged the con-sideration of mankind.You and I indeed understand now very well, how itsatisfactory degree, the virtues and qualifications neces- Minnesota, has on 3 decided advantage over your against themselves. But by the time all this scheme Italy requires that I should go elsewhere. Diplomacy eary for the leader in so great. and generous a move- is set a-working, there is open war between the has not been able to check me, and I will positively not^stancy necessary to eustain him, and because I am sat- isfied that the people, at laet fully convinced of theA man in the midst of a street row cannot so well oppressed Italians was not worth more than thetrenched behind local constitutions beyond the reach ofexternal legislation. But the subject is a complex"one, wisdom and necessity of the proposed reformation, are i bird story window. And so I do not hesitate to rians in 1849-50. The practical version of this last-THE NEW-JERSEYSTATEFAIR.•»sort of communication from Vienna that has reachedKing; Francis, despite his preparations of resistance,rights of every human being, whether foreign or native Turin, say in a fast and loose conversational form will have taken advantage of his preparations forborn, bond or free, whom it compulsorily holds within retirement to be sailing toward, Trieste, no oneits jurisdiction. The great fact is now folly realized through the mouth of the Prussian Minister at Vic- doubts.the action which Piedmont will take on occasion of Garibaldi has gone away—on a reconnaissance, it ie supposed—some say to Palermo. It is very probable tion as the weak everywhere may require from the him to the Italian throne, Francis Joseph will do Garibaldi's Neapolitan accession. The gravest mis-, thai both stories are true; at all events, one fact is cer-strong: that it is a pitiful exotic unwisely aud unneces- something or.other serious. I do not think that tbe fortune for Italy is that Cavour and Garibaldi are tain, the Dictator went on board one of the steamers, man sights—that a new and great question—a moral befall the humblest and most despised of its members. earily transplanted into our fields, and which it is un- at almost irreconcilable difference. Neither of tbe Washington, and crossing to about midway in thebinations were giving way and breaking under the Moreover, alarms of* disunion were sounded, and any longer avail when it is 'fully Understood, that so other. 1 he dissension of the ablest European dip- interview with him on board tbo City of Aberdeen.pressure—that it was not she Union that was decaying strange political inventions like the floating fire-ships far as jit is founded in tru-h, it is only a result of that of it in classically balanced antitheses. The pieces lomatist and the ablest world's partisan leader is He was busily scanning a Neapolitan steamer passingasp! dying, as was supposed, of the fever of, party sent down the St. Lawrence, by the besieged in Que- 'perversion • of the Constitution which has at- now acting on the world's stage are altogether of explicable, excusable, and regretable. The preju- at the time, the officers of which were on the bridge spirit, but that tbe two <?rej*t parties were smitten with bec, to terrify the army of Wolfe on the Island of.St. vempted to circumscribe freedom, and to_make Slavery and paddle-boa es, all pointing their telescopes at theparalysis, fatal indeed to taem, unless they should con- Louis, appeared suddenly before us whenever we pro- universal throughout the Republic. Equally do the re- the romantic school. Garibaldi, the outlaw, ex- diced violence of the weakly, violent partisans of Faro, but little thinking that the formidable. Garibaldi sent to be immediately renewed and reorganized, bor- posed to consider in good earnest the subject of fed- proaches, invectives, and satires of the advocates of candlemaker, is become one of the first European either chief is simply damnable. The greatest woe himself was so near them. He remarked to me, in his;ineedfulelements!ofhealthandvigorfroma eralSlavery. Slaveryextensionfail,siuce.itisseenandfeltthattruth, toItalywouldbeanopenquarrelbetweenthetwo. quiet,carefulwayofspeaking,"Ithinkthattheoffi-embrace with the humane spirit of the age. *i powers: Louis Napoleon, the outlaw, is another; I do not think it will come. I put no laith in the " cers on board that steamer will distinguish our bat-»'•be protected, which can no longer be tolerated in the nor yet in the informal talk of Heir Brassier de St. sina, by tbe way of Naples, to Venice. Cavour will North; or else on the principle of the Northern Demo-cratic faction, that Slavery is. indifferent and unworthy Simon with Signor Cavour, it still is in the air.. If not resign: Austria will not interfere at Naples. .not drawn up in Count Rechberg's bureau, it is ed- The King, of Naples- will take refuge in Austria.South, -while the national mind has actually passed far beyond both of these principles, and is settled in the conviction that Slavery, wherever and howsoever itited by public opinion, not" without critical reason, When Garibaldi attacks Venetia, he will do. it with help of the Neapolitan fleet, against which Austriafrom notes and signs of the times, of which I re- has nothing, to bring, but vessels four-fifths of whose cord some of the" more significant.. Your readers crews are composed of Italians or Dalmatians. Hewill concatenate them and draw conclusions, ac- will not make a charge upon the fortifications of thecording to their judgments. Let the modest ones famous quadrilateral, but he will raise the peopleamong your readers be assured that the best in- rising will Be the rising of Hungary, and perhaps of formed correspondents and ablest editors (of Eu-would, when their interests should demand it, be dis- avowed and broken ? ' , .Other nations we have assumed, are jealous of ourgrowirg greatness. They have censured us, perhapswith unjust asperity, for our apostacy in favor .ofSlavery. How natural and even patriotic has it been absolute and imperative. We can extend Slavery into on our part to manifest by persistence, our contempt new Territories, and create new Slave States only by and defiance of such interested and hostile animadver- reopening the African slave-trade, a proceeding which,sions. Besides, though Slavery is indeed now prac- by destroying all the existing values of the slaves now tically a local and peculiar institution of the South, it held in the country, and their increase, would bring thewas not long ago tne habit and practice of the whole North and the South into complete unanimity in favorAmerican people.; It is only twenty-five years since of "that return.our*British brethren abolished Slavery in their colonies, .Finally I counsel that return because a statesman hasand only half a century trince we or any European na- been designated who possesses,, in an eminent and most residing in East-Hallelujah, on the the frontiers of forces in defending Umbria and the Marches you all that was possible for me to do. At nreeent•exists, exists only to be regretted and'deplored.I counsel this course farther, because the necessityfbra return to the old national way has become at lastOwn corresponden; in Paris in judging of the state Kingdom of Upper Italy and Austria. Close on tbe come to a compromise with it."ment; and I feel well assured that ABRAHAM LINCOLN of Europe; as, per contra, I may perhaps be a heels of that must come war between France and It was in the Washington tbat Garibaldi left, havingwill not fail to reinaugurate the ancient constitutional policy in the administration of the Government success- fully, because the Republican party, after ample expe- rience, has at last acquired the courage and the con-prepared to sustain and give it effect.rightly remember, to/something less than $6,000. may we expect then ? what dangers must we incur? never dared prophesy in 1856—a Republican tri- But be sure that the French national feeling wouldJr,000 men with him.A Turin correspondent of the same paper, writingon the 17th ult., has the following:" F o r t h e hist week there has been nothing elsealked about but the landing in tbe Calabrias; the telegraphs andjournals will have it also that Garibaldi himself has landed. I am in a position to give yotiinformation of a more accurate nature. A few hundred Garibaldians have, it is true, landed in "Calabria at several'points, and many Calabrians have also landed, who had previously gone* over ,to Sicily to procure arms and learn how to organize themselves. Many points of the coast are being threatened^ and the Bour- bon's means of defense are bemg studied, but a greatas to the state of Europe, so far as the Italian,question (wbich is but the local label of a, of the, #bady but the Duchies as the rightful possessions ofNote.heads, is certain. Louis Napoleon, who likes Mm as little as the rest, and has done his utmost, work-coast of Sardinia), where he took in 150 tuns of coal* for the use of his steamers. With less certainty 1 in- form you, that he may, perhaps, have been at Genoaprobable, compound extract of these versions eelf, take part with the advanced party. He will. At 8 o'clock yesterday morning the gates of theNew-Jer8ey. State Agricultural Society were thrownopen to the publis. The first day of all Fairs is unin-teresting, because it is chiefly devoted to the receptionand arrangement of the animals and -articles en-tered in competition for the prizes. The hurly- many, and agrees not to quarrel with Prussia for all things. I am inclined to think that his arrival heroerally speaking, however, with the going down of theamounts to this: In respect to internal German do his utmost.has steadily been doing his. utmost, toTHE STATE OF NAPLES. Correspondence of The Loudon Time*.The attendance yesterday was quite limited, of war, which comes to the same thing. Finally, that popular heart sympathizing with the victims of thecourse, bnt to-day a great improvement is confidently the Prince Regent will do his possible to bring about Syrian horror, the sectarian Church feeling for itsyear.' Their location is such that the townspeople and.newadvantageisevergain*dinnationalmorethanin VermontdefiedBritishinvasion,,backedbytreason, .visitingstrangerscanreachthemeasily,andtheattrac- ThatF.Josephhasbeeninhigherspiritssincethan sparedfromthem[exceptEnglishinjusticeofpre-, myground,andtrusttothefuturetojustifymyopia-isnothingless,andcan be nothing less than-an in- Thirdly, there is nonecessitynowto'fortifyorex-crease oi the strain upon the bonds of the Union. The tend Slavery within the United States or on the Amer- dipaatrouely to the treasury. In our opinion the Soci-time had come to organize Government finally in the ican Continent. All the supposeTTTuecetsitieB of that ety lackB the liberality and foresight which eminentlynewly-acquired territory of Louisiana, on principles sort ever before known, have passed away forever. characterize some of its . Western cctemporaries; and of Bavaria at th<> opening of the Austro-Bavarian between Mr. W . M. Thackeray and MonsieurtheSociety;forthepreviousBbowshaveresultedratherbytheconfident"tone of his romarks a fewdays afterward on occasion of his meeting with the Kingousyandprejudicetowardthe English; in"thisre- spect there is not a farthing, not a centum to choose. which was already carefully circumscribed by the conquerors, were of all the European States in the six- morrow, corroborative of our views. To attract the French ambition at the present time that very many dy, quite beyondIthe usual term of a nine davs'Ordinance of 1787, -that ai omalous institution must teenth century, the worst qualified and least able to col- patronage of the public, the Society will have adver- XK>W be further circumscribed by extending the ordi- onize. They were neither popular, nor industrious, tised a military parade and drill to-day at noon in the nancetocoverthenewStatestobeestablishedinthe norfree;butwerenationsofprincesandsubjects;of presenceoftheGovernoroftheState".ThusMarsis Louisj'aaian purchase. To tlis end a new and humane soldiers, navigators, nobles, priests, poets, and schol- invited to usurp the domain of Ceres, and the legiti-ars, without me'rehants, mechanics, farmers, or labor- mate pphere of the latter is forgotten. .TVe regard with impulse naturally moved tile country, namely, the great disfavor the employment of military drills, bal-of the liberals engaged in it subordinate their liber- wonder. By this time the French troops, latelv de-ireedomof<humanlabor. ers: Theartofnavigationwasimperfect;i?spractice loonascensions,Indian^"acee,horseraces,audsuch itself,isstrongerthana-largerprinciple. ThereisBut although statesmen qualified/or the crisis ap- dangerous, and the New World that the Pope had di- juggling dodges to "raise the wind," and should be peared, no party stood forth o support them with con- vided between his two most loyal crown-wearing chil- glad to see an <l agiculturttl" show in reality what it isstancy, ana the country, a( «r a temporary glow of dren was in its natural state pestilential. Europeanfree-Soil excitement, subsided into cold indifference— emigration was therefore impracticable, in the emer- After the drill to-day, the remainder of the day willsad reason for fearing Jthat," after all the warnings repetition and propogation is only checked by ..fear,in name. i '"" i.and so a compromise was' nade which divided the gency the conquerors, with ruffian violence, swept off be devoted to the exhibition of horaeB, and the award- fcheirown.interests and the groat interests of hu- his epaulets, his embroideries, in fine, his every I perceive that even the English press has, in one orin face of the crowd, who all knew that, this dis- to Slavery, while its greater guaranties of Freedom dren of the forest, like w'iid flowers when the hum-, plowing-ma'ch will come off. ... Embassadors near the Sublime Porte—nil this iswere found unavailing and ; worthless. History saysthat the compromise of 1820 Tran neceesary to save the so contrary to nature. which Secretary Force will publicly- announce the within three months that the Gotha Duke's political cile the Mussulman mass to foreign Christian super-of Martino, Minister for Foreign Auairs; in his de- fense, thoiefcjre, let me say that in 1859 no one in Horn* more enjoyed" the confidence of the Liberal party headed by Count Delia Minerva, the Sardinian Minis- ter, than did Martino. As for your correspondent, he haa constant intercourse with "him, and received cer- tain privilege*, which were a guarantv of his being far in advance of the Government he served, and which he attempted to enlighten. It is but com- mon justice jfor times like the present, When misOn Friday there will be several' addresses by the gressive^' man; as compared with him, the littlecane sweeps over the prairies, perished under cruelties Governor and other gentlemen, at the conclusion of Duke of Gotha is a liberal; we have patent proof not of a nature to pacify the fanatical mob; to recon-Union from disruption. I do not dispute history, nor The African trade, in prisoners of war spared from award of premiums. debate the settled moral quest ons of the past. I only slaughter, afforded an alternitive. The chiefs sold tenlament that it was necessary, if indeed it was so. men, women or children, for a single horse. •' The con- [ History- tells us that the cour* > thenadopted* was wise. querors of America brought this unnatural merchan- iliberality is to real political freedom what his little vision. • 'I do not controvert it. I only mourn the occur- KILLED i!Y JUMPING KROM A MAST.—A man named dise to our coasts. When the English colonists of TboniHH Snialley, Joat Saturday evoiiiDg, while bathing at tboTransparency's dilettanti operas are to Beethoven's large translations of the music of the spheres.'1The editorial columns of The London Times, the reports of the last Parliamentary debates (carefullyrence of v-a one case, moit certainly the only one j North America, happily in only a very limited degree,at ever did happen a which* the way of wisdom has borrowed from their predecessors tbis bad practice of ,npen in whicl the ^foot of Hammond street, climbed np tlio mast of a schooner and jumped from the orosatrfeH, a diutanco of eighty feet. He Hunk and wan never HOCU ugairi alive. Coroner l/J&vitt hold the iu-Cotemporaneou8 with this Teplitz conference or and exultantly noted in Paris journals of to-day) representations are bandied about by the political bat-conspiracy, and the exchauge of exultant toasts be- tween F . Joseph and the Bavarian King at Salz- burg, ie tile Hudden Bpurt of yigor on fhe part ojffailed to bt> afco tbe way of pjejaeanctnetje agd the path / Slavery, they borrowed also its wretched apology; a I <jitcJt- Vefd>t.> "Accidental djoirwpg.'' -sufficiently show, in connection with French expres-'siona of opinion, that this is not the beginning, butm culmination, of Jbo beginning of the end. of tije I A» regards the present gtaft of the capital, |ftjei•-*I,•,•.••Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069alism to their nationalism; not only is their sympa- thywithHungariansandItalianssuppressed,but it is changed to active antipathy. " Blood is. thicker than water.'' Patriotism,-generous and noble inparted from Toulon, are probably landed at Bey- rout. Forthemoment,Mussulman"fanaticismis cowed—but scotched, not killed. '' Horrors " have been done in other parts of the miscalled Ottoman Empire,quiteposteriortothatofDamascus.Theirnow while they are, specially provoked. The foul of the befit, most generous Germans, are again degradation of Ahmed Pasha, late Governor of Da-of the last forty-five years, the Germans, the massers are <joming to an agreement for a partition, ot constitutionalkingtoresisttheinvasionofGari- bisestate.V '„. •from Onr Own CorreepcBdent*. . . - P A R I S ,to Naples would be followed by an Austrian one to The poor young man is evidently inspired with a Maromtes) than all Christendom's officials and fleet* the Hame destination ? Or did it menace Piedmont hope, of returning divine right. The foundations of put together.with war direct if Garibaldi, were not checked in this hope are of the shakiest; but such as they, are, The Montenegrin chief, or prince, Danilo, wasAugustThe Austrian note addressed to Piedmont: didutterly orthodox Mussulman Viceroy of Egypt, have saved, protected and fed more distressed Christian*',f'City of Naples is declared in a state of siege," theelections to his Parliament are indefinitely ad-20,1860.journed, the sectoral committees dissolved; the Na- m these last days (victims for the most part not of Mussulman fanaticism, but of an old feud between/•it simply give notice that a Garibaldian expedition tional Guard disarmed—in fine, the purely provi- non-Mussulman Drmes and soi distant Christian sional Constitution purely and simply annulled.vasion oi Naples was generally accepted; by been made in the last two or three months: a con- What is more noteworthy is that the next-best-sus- tained candidate was that admirable Christian, thethe night p mghu»,"Uit reports ar* a obtain ao'ci»of creating a begin. At. is at a stao<2 Intion. AT •Garibaldi, w«nt abo* ioners/ ©rdThursday the belief was much shaken; by-Satur- stitutional Bourbon is an impossibility—backward Jew Cremieux, member of the Provisional Govern-existence had appeared, and ' people persuaded movements, it would be strange if some one didCurious observers do not fail to remark that among the few crosses distributed to literary men• expressibled, itude for th* 1 by what meA correspondent of The Lorulon New, writing froitt- A much more interesting tbeme of speculation is Messina under date of August 13, says:behind the quadrilateral. Simultaneous with that" t am summoned elsewhere by my duty, and must "' the Italian Tyrol. He will not himself (attack quit you, O Sicilians! It is now feme for Sicily toropean journals) are not a whit further advancedin the counsels of Cabinets than their humble selves: risoned by all France, but he will give Gen. Lamo- Yes you may henceforth defend yourselves aloueRome, which, thanks to its French garrison, is gar-' think. seriously and vigorously of ner own defense.servant, Louis Napoleon, to defend not only Loai-NAPLES, Aug. 14. The political horizon does not become clearer, and beyond the longed-for arrival of Garibaldi no one ap- zation of the military ibrces of confederated Ger- ance. Louis Napoleon's foremost wish and interest pears to look. Garibaldi is the beginning and end ofat present is to preserve the European peace; but is the only fact which will restore order by giving burly and confusion which reign upon the {airing the lead (?) in the national German tendency if if must be broken, as it gravely threatens to be, force to a Government; but what after this ? Tkeutaliagrounds; the workmen, committee-men and ex "toward a reformed, united German nationality. In he is quite as well aware as you or I, that he must, of the 8th inst., a journal of a superior class, reasonsrespect of foreign affairs: the Prince Regent agrees in his own interest, take the leadership of the adr the case well, and in opposition to annexation. It layaacquire vigor. Neither the interests of Naples nor those of Nor- them or C,entral Italy would be improved by annexation; nor would Europe be disposed to support ;in united Itily. AU that could bo expected from its. tolerance would be a dynasti-i change."The writer then proceeds, to apologize and intercedefor Francis II., but public opinion is too advanced t->and reasonably, anticipated. President Halsted, Sec- Catholic-Christian victims of Mussulman fanaticism, listen to his pleadings. I am quite agreed with th\> retary Force, and the several working members of the a reconciliation between Austria and Russia. There general arguments of The writer, for I do not believd Society, and the lo<:al Committee ware on hand and. is no pretense that these or similar agreements be- the strong national feeling, espousing^ the cause of that annexation is practicable or desirable; and I am. eagerfortbefray.TheFairgroundsliebetweenthe tweenthePrinceRegentandF.Josephweredrawn French,missionariesandmerchants,'andinsulted persuadedthat,ifaccomplished,itwillnotbeaper- city and the Port, being the same as were used last up an* signed on paper. That the two men mot French consuls, and stimulated by a national jealousy manent fact. Here, however,'they are mad for it, andtion is deppieed as a uconditio.*'• For my*elf, I stand before the conference is equally certain. This is judice and insane jealousy toward the Frencb, ipn. Public agitation increases from hour to hour, ifventivefacultyofthe Italians moreactivethanatth* present moment. Dispatches arrive here more in num- ber than the telegraph could transmit, and speak all kinds of languages^ For instance, it was reported aud lirmly believed by one party on Friday last that Gari- baldi had been taken prisoner; and it was as strongly reported that he had ellected a landing in four differeu't; places with 7,000 men, who in one hour were niag- niiied into . 12,000. Then the National Guard wa,< to be dissolved, the Strada Nuova barricaded, cannonplaced inthe afreets; in short, through the credulity of the Liberals, or the active malice of reactionists, the atmosphere is always so full of canard* thatlightisexcluded. Alltheseerrorsoi*opinionand of feeling arc doing infinite harm here, creating em- barrassments for the Ministers, and menacing the fu- ture of the Liberal party. In fact, the public folly ha$ gone so far in some cases as to attack some of the mostand all places of public amusment have-already given ing, tbe vitiror8 of the. second day find things arranged In case of French interference in favor of the King of or announce performances, whose receipts are to beinto the night, and recorhmencing betimes in the morn- Austria cannot limit her. military action to defense].ready to put their faith in Princes and sacrifice mascus, his knightly orders torn off one by one, onestmen in the Ministry, as Romano andMartino.Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comsign of,distinction, torn off, and his sword broken,'-' two instance* called in question the liberal tendencies'•'• •»'i\:*n,,.^lJ, •tledore, to sa^j what I know of the present Minister of•» Foreign Affaire." ;-'•'f %•''.'.•1I<Emperor axu jhouli the duce a odnifcle jpoeaeaaiocs.'%%e Lond'decidedcastr aud*diimg.. t ntfimeut gar beta,comply Eugme<?--i9 su • SOtfothertrcivCreatactirThe Mutt * ' wbica U todz.Completely io Thhi "-gnmof the Creak whole stmctu:I. Tie -Pai bays: .The»ia come't nobody uo-4a feelingstill fitn>i>.ge.-iu>? bigot* e Marseilles, coUect<*d is Tlii* su:u shape ot ai nsays:. '•' Comme  