 , /]^oweisnd'in dignity. It lifted itself into the halls Courts dl Justice. But the compact of the Con- Our fathers provided that we sh'o"uld elect a!'providedofbyit. defendants' interpretationThe aucsceordingthe ofcgave the plaintiff certain powers over the use ana a^ plication of the invention to the manu&ctnre ofmttis,";ing now extra profits out of the distresses whichin have to they, great part, produced, they oughtdiscount as freely as they can, to relieve that pres-J. D. BRIGHT. HOir. W. L. TANCET AND THE VICE PRESIDENOT. The Charleston Ootaier is not disposed to retreatwhich it has takeneffer of thfr Vice-Presidential nomination on the Doug-Wrlii IfatehgO^i irtii tthe ItmMfcMifoigner destiny iHan that of frightening old women profits which no other business in the State, ex- been BoWtively engaged in vtUlfying and abusing me which. It is allegied, the digging up of the pavementWtMn't^tOftmittie,flower,there is agravechangepositionregardingtheproposed by andthedefendants,inUponthe closingof street'namedfh'ttaM any'. 'fithe confirmation of every South- em man, who wilkbe rotten enough and baseMayor,and Commonalty, as well as against the graateaa iagpublic,hoodscontafaed In that truth-telliag newspaper,(!)\ plaint, removing portionsofthepavement,andlay- beengirenby»W:^t5j.*.-!i ."*^! I W_'__^^^^mmifmmummmmm'i^n'ftmasv» Tin taaaoLr or ••AmnB," who died *"'t*e iWe. and -o/SS^/*"""wltajMDiiI-tWwilleeaMrc4i AMeadhas^st-nMne*At^Miux, jxnni », 1880. BT MO. RXBXin BnOHIK STOWI.ao.The Pranklbft (KyJ CommotntmUk u not dis-Cincisniill EnjidriR fnlMii iilgi i nfiSn~bulUlai Comwflafseatli«lbe ettiaeBsudUx«Sm^£!*'^ teesmmlhetaktacof the^SS^Tw^'To*J<m wlO^anto bar, 'Woau, why weepnt VtaBSMkaMt^r 8he,rapi>iMiiiKJ.2'' "J "P®*^**-•citjr, sod whom we cka avoiichuasnUaMnthat the of New -York had., any denying CoipWationright or property in the public streets, except so faras to mem as public highways. keep openHr. Butler then proceeded to the opening arrumeatthe facts and the of plaintlA, recapitulating givmghim l*SM*B¥LWher«tb(mhiMtI»Uhim.'"-JoHX»x-?v"*iJ*/ ^"''a^n•.dv'^'5'*'*^*r acaiictfon.tofieM«tiMH>ldder.of«.irt.gg-y»»r-la0»tkkelse they may fancy. Let them inclose themselves for Bankpanics. Inthecaseofaction the Staterelieve and them from those who protecthistory of such legislatiott.In the course of his re-ondefcndantaT^And theActof byuto kte: 'Sir, K tha> hkve bornethe 9th inst.,i^ideiismarks, Mr. Butler commented (afteranabsenceoftwoweeks,)lettersfromseveral conduatofcertainpartiesInterestedInthepassageofcelestislpeace, erlameeknesscladwithin a Chinese wall, If they want to, and here is onewhowillcontribute^mitetowardsfurnish-ing the requisite rocks.somewhat the uponthat wreathe ifttetkna eyes are sweetKentucky,) callingofhisrAes, r^Oag with saintly calmness to his feet ;Vtit an the silent foldingsAnd wltte he walks, each floweretWithUvingpulseEvery greenbthfnrild'SnmmerKo fear of storm, or cold, or bitter frost.Shadow* the flowereta when their san ia nigh. ^njallourpleaaaathauntsofearthlylovetheir separation shall be final. Their absence ofeven a de.iilal ;highest and earliest authority, the Court had no right to listen to remarks er comments upon the character of Legislatures—its sole fiinction was to administer the law.chlae isrevenue is tbeCityeithcrlir «atf<»'1eai>Lto h.s w,l of sweet accord doth beat.Will enable them to realize amount of specie anySee also the the mtrnteiiial grant byleaf thrills to its tender r«diance of hi* eye,—gas, and noise, and confusion, and stufCknows how I voted, and that I voted for Mr. Labb, or any other Republican candidate on Ihe State ticket,sented to near two couasal on each side, although hisHonor that the argument be wholly post- suggestedto be paid to the CorporaliaB tor a fund for|light (QteMice a sovereign State, claiming that ifll^ in the Union it wonld be a sub- irtajrto the election of a Black Bepublican President has been too often expressed, both in public and in to be misunderstood. If the parties whoprivate, what have obtained from have thus criticised theystreet rumors, consider my position and opinions of any consequence, and wisii to make them the sub-Voice There is no disunion here. Sir."] It is said that of the four distinguished gentlemena for railroad highwayhas been to adjudgedThe act such consent to be requiringgtrea, it la lal|«<CniltijngUed provinc«r and viging that the right of seces-named for thathigh;iiaattaipad by uytmctlon, and It express^ prohibits its being t^mjtW WNwity> Mr- PeKRB writesthe other three assert that, while they must fallfused, Theand thehistorydoingof onwtse a(3. anyttlttf^fi otilji l^jDHftpCaeiae '' [oppressive :m the mentionedproceedmaking any compensationmnnidoalaetioB,rafsreaaeof &om the ese^eto elect their candidate by the popular vote, by carry-for the usebe the true Internretation of this act, theLegislaturecannotauthorisethetalLingofthelandmischiefandoftheBe- jectsonly Griffin,somekindofofThe act being Invalid for tbe raaAns above— in thischicanery,.of civilization, what would any /average honesty and sense of justice de- cbue to lie the duty of the common Federal Gov-«mmt} Sorely that of eqnal favor and equal11position of senator TOOMBS.The Atlanta (Ga.) Locomotive gives the follow-whole structure rests the now ship, notwithstanding political dlfierencee and ap-parent antagonism.It is not necessary or ptoper for us to refer at pres-In to all the streets mentioned in the respectnaasplhr'Omnent, -CHue .it—fttsm each a like support if lingbnt it would besupportanyconsiderations ofpomieAaystonsupon great principle,act, side, subject to the public easement or right 01 way, or it—TheUntil is compensation made,as thusthetnttttlli^ttavi^hfion the prihcrpU of hostility to istftikeSouth,andpledgedtocarryor the effer of nomination, wtiich we have asserted,The act intion claimed by defendants,thelient. Hen of the South, do you com- i^iwa ? Do yon take it into your under- , fA Sm whole extent of its significance-J^nncea ? In the case of two section^the contingency shall actually arise, as it prolwble,of human liberty were cradled here, which our lathers have woven, like threads of gold, through the warp and woof of our Govern-•*ment, [applause and cries of Good ;"] and that theAs to the interview l>etween Stbpheh Abnold Dodo- taken in recollections. That interview occurred atNo injury or lnjnstll» will be done by action under an invalid law.No Interference with the legislatlTe powers of tkaBnt to wage an open warfare upon:four we, you, should elect a Pres- years,Oaey '. aathoa ? hlmtobetheKsr-m Union, Muud. No Bankhis dewy locks,friends, (three of whom reside inpayments. No one in or out of South Caro- my attention to this calumny, and requesting me tothebill, andand sad.please. Let them do it as they please, and when una distrusts thefr mtegrity, or their ability to re- nolic\lt. I do so very reluctantly, because oTmy un- l£ro*Coa<v objected to aor ImpntaHons on the mon ConndL upon poUie n~"'Tln~ltlngiiiiiniiMii thej-please,'withonesoUtarrcondition,vix.:that deemtheirnotes. Withorwithoutasuspension wUlingnesstodlgnl^guchanabsurdchargevrith Legislature. Hesubmitted,thataccordingtothe AbundanterldisDCeofthe^KtoatTBlneatthelheartyAt everj' Presidential election, these political fiUibusters remind us of the poor Frenchmen whoof the North.So much forof site, ftc, for a dty park, and the1Independent.owners of the streets to proposedbe the occupied,real estatetherein, which cannot beinterfereitvrtthi pensation.—;First—tie digging up by defendants of the central tidned by prhrate part of the streets aod avenues menttooed in the oom-Q^ESTIOBi OF DHUNIO^r. Vtteraaees afSaatkera FaUtlciaos—Who arctheTrmttorsfLSTTIB or HOH. W. D. PORTEB.'"Am. W. D. PoETis has been writing an ar-"fi6fe fifrUte Charleston Mercury on Coercion and here orelsewhere,iMa^lt^tfSeoesrion." Alterarguingagainstthe makethemostofit. Butrayplanofresistanceall the whole affair oftfienoiDinaUonhadt)cenmaae.urgedandrepeated, before the day, and the place, and occasion to whichdangerthat it is a seo-choice may, byM. of Alabama. C,necessitywhich owes to each a like protection, be> Southern States, could extricate it.He was wil-official record of thepreambleadoptedderives noadvantage.absolute Legislative authority.The propriety and necessity of Increased rillread accommodations, under proper restrictions, n^^ beinto aiSne tie a peril more imminent, or a perfidy more ciple and with a party which advocated the sameof the Commissioners for^ceiveser theorypossibleBepablicaa PartyJfarit the words, for there is more in them than to lear in the change. When governments ceased;attachingmeets the ear—somethingtheir holy purposes, icism anS tolly runHowStevery agitation this whole warfare for iti>rotectand refused tobyanypersonorpersonswhomsoever,shall and he,O'Conorfordefendants. H.H.Andersonfornace nothingwas the only member to take such a step.whoishallfairlyopenedSrPRF.iiKand wouldThe right of eminent domain does not imply a right ject and jlarpoM of bnildinB and malnlaialBra ^atar-'against theand I a think he received,iiThe•(.i«H.—This was a motion to continue the Injunctioniwhich are well known. The argument now came on at Chambers of the Supreme fore Justice LXONARX).A vested easement, rightway,right to the useand sO agreed from that time toaXermoadVfcrttemof Rockyto carry into ef- m relaliontop«rmitteu\place in our halls. lic use, consistent with the uses for which the Mayor 3. Rnolv^, That theseproceedi_ng8_ lie published and Aldermen hold the said streets and avenues."e became a whichpwlaisntiffperty ';them, and only now expi^sses them, where such ex- pression would not be unprofitable."irito a Tliis correspondence was forwarded to Mr. Everett by afour Directors—ludson. Ropes,Norton and Henry m.!progressive ——Statute laws owed them no allegiance."of tliefacultythoughtfitCorpo-^^^^»to—country begin to be fevorablytingate certaintheir ovra use and occupation, in establishingto rau- oistreet without compensathn the owner for the ment of the fiee right of way before enjoyed.^^ I as between these partMs,less— the againstis well-being, ,the peace,herebymonalty of the City York, sors,/or the use if streets and highways."lives of millions of humanwhite and black! It began with individuals.the Union, let us try its strength now. [Applause.]Corperationa.POWER OF DIRECTORS TO 8ELl"N^CT ASSETS— RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS.Gorham D. Abbot vs. The American Bard Rub-nay,verybeings,We have no right to transmit such a legacy ofThe thus vested in the is a trust estate Corbiu>toraationIand drarading tyrannies of their vnlgarpose them only suspended —;the otKentuckyas trustees of the for the franchise fee,otlier stockholdersnot to«r consenting2preparationsences of Mr. McCraw.Hon. Robert M. McLaxk, U. S. Minii-lerto Mexico,of admonition and me- has been this whole Anti-to propertytheir citizens in the enjoyment of theirso rank and wild as to haveleft for streets or highways in theCity of New-York,Robinson. R- F. Andrews, Wm. M. Erarts and Chaa.^1 social, and the snbjngation of onr- Jonr children, ia all time to come, to theNorthern and war etlinguishcs them. Let us sup-""<=?>,exclusivelypatented compotmdsX »IW FBOJKCT.consequences of their oppressions and persecu- take the initiativeSouth- dential candidate,Is a new and inconsistent use of the street, the grant stockhoklers,1ttllpiiialut Wittea aa follows from Lexington:channels of trade, and have spresd whatever not disappoint exoectations. It is said Party, which Mr. McLanx considers hostile in South— patriotic publicaned as'chartered and orgianlxed for the aifle aal fravchlse. rlnc mR^ote8t«i»8,-as it is pRrt>able that fa most, or all of payment of the debts we owe them, compensating 'I have nSdoubt thaTMrrBaCBAKAN has been ad- drGessed bvy a number of )h>isc nolMd t»« .:„ fr,r.i;eandHscin the Southern States<i'\if- \L^' A^'.ilf 'J'"g.«' ii-u, w-«i "^> ''","'"« "''• "»' '''"' ''"• in the power to take the property of one power, on the River, In Voaateit-ttMi; Oere wiU be aof the Breckinridgethose at the South whose claims have not been atj , ,,. t. »,sovereigncitizen and traisfcr it to another,?" pro-Naagatockcut, and for canylng an am»Ti'?f%'*t*^H'*ffJnataaM•rStty,and for thesetoappointthe North. depend;admonishing him to fightgenerally. such taking necessary. Even "Americananto With secession from the Union, the issue, are to ratify for them, us.Govermn- of enforced payments ceases;—alegalitymeans amount actually taken by Bioos A Co. was aboutthe ConstltuUonas much asland,andthe business ofmajority I«g;i8laturesDemocraticfor the Term. THE CITY RAII.ROADS.Arcnment In the SereBth-aTenne Case-"'«/"»'^b^e-/"so" lmere.-<tIn this way the people of the South, through the. ,.,tddog J,NaadditniA retaining 1,IM0 of tttem. and dlsttlbatiog the othM"J"t&outbe the character of that property.oenoe to the goods, under thestoekhoMerspersecutearticles of the andfromtiiattimeuntilUiesale, byanytuitkintheir Legislatures, elected without will have to come to it, or hate noof wUk that entire amount for New-York capitalists—sev-eral of whom were The leading Republicans.pensationever may ofopportunity numbers ofofexpressingatanypasse*$3,100,000in of the motionMference to2^S^,i° ^^^theLrf^""°H*W' temporraarlymeaning cannot be inter- fered with by the exercise of the right 01 eminent do-not, this^t^'baiuis are not The correctionWm. Allen BuOer Esq., opened the case oftheplaintUs,readingthecomplaintandpapers" t't°e® fl**h'?*". csnltarandmain, except for full compensatkm.Itfollowsthatnoexclustreftaaehlse,forthebenefit Poppenheosea,BAnigkFunke,mFebruary,18M,taaare ^^^^SaL^'TM. they not, pressedt Mmnint fTM .v" cspltaCwhetW willor^n^h^^^^ R_^-SMeflMt will fim aeced^"* ^^ *°^ "*«-the and tax-payers of ths City, Corporationana omy object C<WMmywasonranlied.the bushiew ajrofje«tate GeorgU toture, in case the State secedes from the Union, should authorize a suspension of specie paymentsministration of decide in his favor.Jo con- inh In this^ltantsofthe.wfhe^i,ch itwho made the sateatartidaiBonganrMni|mle byniob, far inatanc«*^wffl«i»e out from Georria Th.spread confusionand distress over the un- State,PoUttcal SOTATOR BRIGHT«M Oeneralmasters, Custom-house officers, *c. If this movedoubtedly, mayduct. At the Exchanges between theUabwursratfaitended to be givoiiu to, or atrlastfelling fast her Ooorta, tken iierto run these ralhoads,vestigeproposediowa* for !°^ '9<!'resisted1the use Iyourpublication ffbserredcomplainantsJBverwouli^neeessari^m.<rfwhich it isor alleges, that they are mesUy whoUy blockaded in case ftesesnow^ to DeMarshals,by our own people, the war is to beocumare al-jnandmust hawstheypostponement,set- appropri-dele-finsation, unlesspublic ^a bytmhe Guovermnor "vetoing tlhuec esuaumie?.T*.h..e-—comptalntta r"''»u^n«».of ttie State lathe tn and the whole Corporation trust,ofSsan-uifabcbtenr,rionrgof one or more of its compounoa, o^aarmob. Thi. Government, 1,v eiand sellingg«i^.?Jf^g^?<&:Post- ! iUnt2tbim ottMr. -Am Ut WoofMie wfaol^^K'mtracted by the utterances oonse^ceof thechea|«r Soropaan goods Ifc-:thus disposes of them P" If the people of South Carolina, Alabama or no5Pwaged to the deatk by fire, de^aatatioit, antf ptan'^^yoo-itel^mmt». 9ftmm.«.difficultyAwSdlM " name Yet no Banks may be able to;oughttoInadditipntothis,Itnd, onmy return this place,of the manner In which it was passed by theconatructicm o^lOtmake room-igrtbearasts bmp^ -["""^iIHiUm tlcal franchise «nsttMtt4&j5 MBJ^fiCSSltBi THW*?*(fato secede from the in the of the Constitution, let them do so. LetmSouth Carolina has ever failed.*>'<* *• Senator voted on that it was the foil ticket,se and u^^Georgia, desireCharfer, have provided for the lea^locked himself in a room with a richoughtprotectan4he (Justice Lsobabb) would promise to attendthispuipoee.The cases reliedof his voice who desired the union of the Statesand of right ought to be," Tlie of liis indorsement of Slavery was the same provision.TheLaw of1813 containsthe election of Lincoln was sufficient cause foring.] [A person m the audienceherecried " out, Sosincerityfurther confirmed by the fact that he himself ownedin question.The Corporation contends that it cannot tlti es-Smith hethe eztiemiaU. It S^^iL^S^ *? Hi«fcBm.cflliauiiwtion,fa not have seen It,) n^cktonoEis, {^STSsi of the defeodaata ,_,of^ ewaa *om themyMfigjtwithoutcoSoSSJia. .^are imimcal, by authorizmg a of spe- Let them do what they cie suspensionwould be an incalctilable and invaluable relief toue balance of the people of these United States.specie payments, ouragricultural productionssatllpictorilyditto, and thieatened to blow his own brains andfunavgeereiterated fUs charge and vouched forits trath.toil.upon bydalMdants laimeeting in Boston, on Saturday held at Faneuil Hall, Col. Ccktin, Gov- would accent ofiice from a Bepublican President, ernor elect of Pennsylvania, made a speech, inand influentialpurchaserightRepublican tosaythat,inmyopinion,anySouthernmanwho evening,doubtlessbearmewitness stillIdocothesitate ;friends of WilliamYahcsthadwill voteagainstwe readily admit, was designed asprovisionforcing bearbyargumentsbyitsterms, compelstheglTlagof the re- quired consent would not be a laglaiBttre set.them nponI can bring toproposition motives creditable to bolhDodslas,fromtoupon prin-report "opening any street,fusion,atraebjia ttan this in the affairs of State, it is doctrine that he did. He wished the South to be this beautiful andgo"it can't be Is it did."]that ourunited at the perilous juncture, and its citizens ought to awake to their vital interest and secure themselves in the enjoyment of their rights andts be fastenedhe men and freemep ?foAome—butthereisatimewhensubmis-sionbe- otherthanequitableprmciples. Hesaidthat comes a crime and resistance a duty. Abraham uponIdSOOLN, our prospective President, proclaims the Union. If we were say we all of us,"most difficult for the hnman imagination to con-suchand take maysal aM aa sacrifice of public Interests threatened by defeadaaisceive it, or the human tongue to give it utterancequiredpurposesWill70a submit to it ?Will you suffer that yokewas toolate. He everlastinglychoice of rulers, will tear it to pieces, and scatterthe to the four corners of the nation ? Iffora ofakept open part public street, avenue, placeor square forever, in like mannerupon yourneck:,, and still claim to You have long borne anBprivileges before itdid not believe there was a man within the soundfragmentsit is so, that the people, electing a President, dis- solve the Union, let it come nou\ [Prolonged cheer-adverse to our institutions, but on the contrary, our confidence was sought and obtained by his ready and zealous espousal of our political principles, and by his avowing himself a disciple of Mr. CAinoDN.asstreets, avenues, squares and places inlaid City are,under color of this grant.!expressedhonorableone entertained a suspicion that his sentiments werethe Platform of the Eepnblican Par- which he made the :allusion to the Dis-Is simated In their easement or right ofr"eljctedty,ofavowedhostilitytoSouthernSlavery,would unionthreats be no better than a Black Bepnblican, anduponfollowingcontemplated acts of the defendants would t>e wholly unauthorized, and should l>e restrained.The (ee of the streets is either in the Corporation or in the private owners of the adjoining lands.provided compensation is made, or consent acquired, and until this is done, the defendants have no right to proceed."The of ^ 3, that the use of said streets the act.The consent of the as Corporationto be condemned and ostracised by uni-oughtversalseat in the Senate of the United States, Ishould read the newspapers printed in one sectionof the Union, and the speeches of their politicalorators, and the newspapers and speeches of thosewho with them in this section of the sympathizeUnion, would come to the deliberate conclusionIt is immaterial where the fee is vested,ers. the are entitled to the plaintiffssought, sgainst the defendahts thepublichis first coimection with The reference at the dinner table of J. D. Hoovza,1sentiment, and whilst I hold aMr. Geo. N. iJANSEas or action in the matter.iqjim^i'a'a/to office from Lincoln. If this accept**a jote," and was no doubt designed to tie so understood by those pres- ent, who did not Icnow the previous offer made Inand avenues for the (3 said as here- purpose railroad,in authorized, shall be consid^ed a public use, con-sistent with the uses for which the Mayor, Aldermen andCommonalty hold said streets and avenues," does notto Oe '1enoughdeclaration will aid the cause of Douglas or Bell for fourers of the fee in trust to the ofike e takingall the the subject."Common Coiucllis as sought,brief sketch of adelivered in thatconnection which this interview or was had,to have with the ofiier of tlie nomination or with the decision of Mr. Yancet."PROF. LEIBER PROSCRIBED.The Columbia (S. C.) papers contain the annexedspeech on~ the 26th, by Senator ToombsCityenttotheingis in theIt the fee is in the Corporation, as assumed under"r$MLbyprogrammeinbehalfofoneand Hesaidthatthecountrywasinaverypre- identees tUb surrender to them of athe streets,t&6 omer Ielect a President,youwill have confusion, war,of streets.foraand to employ for that purpose carious condition, from which nothing but a bold and reeources of the common Gov- stand and an undivided front upon the part of the\iBl^ , ":<•relatingpeople.;ofFourth. The grant attempted to be made by &a aettheir friends are welcome to election of a Presidentyears,urgedimportunityof comment, they have to avert to my ingdentlygrants judicial Inteiporitioa.leger- selected, very organization, bated chiefly, event of Lincoln's election. I have not changed and the Union saved. [Derisive laughter.] It is pleasant to be in this place and in the presence ol this andtraditionsthat Hple into action, in the admrnistration of seems if not certain, to do, I shall not be surround this venerable hall, and to reflect that theand L. JamesironsistBdemain,ortrick,politicians,road, without making just compensation to the owners JAWS not ihe time, or place, or date of the nomination, of the soil.the Court sbomd restraiii acUoa under It. vwtm .^not immediately amateaed, inosdectlut nkHa-jai*and atwhat I wonld do, or advise the South to do, in thePuqh,So much for the diimer party, wtiich, we repeat,speechesin the Senateto understandknown tobein streets for the thepurposeof a rail- establisliingthe then and there expressed, and when opinionis invalid inasmuchof suchvaluenot Demay tt^ttt-now backward in reiterating them to the public, and en-people tothinkofthe ;historyand now and reaffirm. distinctly positivelyinterpreta- as it makes noprivate rights lled.which called forth shouts ol When our fathers conceived the idea progressive party united among ourselves we would have but little that these colonies should be free, they executedI And192 of thei last-mentioned itbysiection clK-ipter, withtheotherdefendants.to be "a the dismemberment of the.'" laughter]is enacictefcdd., that '"All the estate, .joined ArgumentIt has since taken of all stitution being ended, the citizens oj the Northern President every four years' and in Penns;rraumptlon by Btata, and which canbe conferredILiNCOLH, should the ballot-boxesthe in trust, <fcc. pubUc streets,{defendants proceed, and theol1813, '^P'l?'?t?^ 'TM*» seSlons ire, 192,) vests the titlehave_upon goodsSecession, therefore, suspends allof Gov. tary War,Floyd,and the Postmaster-Gen-debts ;the one of and the other Virginiaact isinvalid,pro-holders or by U?estock;i Uimk itcomply wjthconceivedthe insane notion that if the of peopleIs vested in the Mayor, Aldermen aoR Com-ration.^^^^^^^At at>eileve more) of the confidentialFellow-citizens;aoniySaMail" —Inrelationtothisdinner (whosetablesecrets party,Mr. Sahceks has needlessly and irrelevantly di- vulged,) we may add another correction of his recol- lection.J. W. FoBHiT, of the Philadelphia Press, was not present at tlie dinner as we think, but joined the partyafterwards. In addition to names other'The as the right to compensation. Even where the taking of trust, have a right to this reUeV^tanfl,—&d the cotton must be Of course, our Banks can have obtaining specie. Our Banks are:Sus- anything pension of specie payments is the natural remedywith onethem form a Bepubiic, an Empire, or stand a panic.exqaPTM"- Indiana geiiei ally.slmllar in to th^ tobe aSSS' "TeaBnaCthejr may need, either from the North or from earth like gold, and is convertible into gold whollyThe gentleman of "veracity," who told the editorantboridaa af Baltimore to the City ftalkted'Gaai^itr of t*h—at'«%,independentBut whilst the Statethe fnture. the Banks or convulsions ita liar and a slandererto certain editors of Ooaglu newspuers, whoto a (he GoiparalioDahoMafto irregularitiesgave 'him, than and there, five hnndred dollars. ;with a view only to' the benefit of the individ- pect me to take some notice, ovac my own rignature, behig yet developedEvery four yeajB these Southern Qnliotea sweU UEils owning them. They are public institu- of these revileis and defuners of chuacter, and es-:AmwMioet to those ptidens af the «ir jf^Hmikr-imflinf are. wifh~>tariTl)eam,»fM>tiwiataeathere. ITk call ttal vaarO\tmjA with selfish tears,jygBPt'^gJ,^?^j^*^y}'''^f'^iiightand gaacooade,tbeaterrificthreats,andoftheirbloody wedoexpectthemtohaveregwd^0thepurpo- derstoodthat,persanalli,IamindUTerentaliketothe nuisance. ottier<iw«iBn.afll»^«t)»3"| prophecies. SCbey were never calculated for any ses of their creation. Instead of seelting abroad praise or 'censure of that class of editors wlio have Independently^ of the obstruction to the streets, the proposed ralBoao iSTBTup with 'bad whisky and worse logic, and tell the tions, created balanceotanj for a mutual ben- pecially that I should noUee the anadtlgated &lse>because and la)>lng the tracks would dNOMhefjOaataAWy. and young children. They have been revived and cept fortimatc speculation and shaving ohtaiu of my open support of BuoKiNsiDaf and Lass. I consequences which would result therefrom to the#fiMi^r^«B| llHMMrmM^B^y spot m'thoM.i|f^ift»<Mf j|ii;wilill lMirnjpeefa-%9|ptny'aB8fl jn the night ;—l.lifcWl tll»tiw»t«» variriied &om our bower.oat4iMlOl|lMitt t«Ml^ bot in worlds above—Mji* iputtt onMoswa'd in the skies— 'iMMkMiiAs 1m& an added flower of love.jNnHndl,' noinore tipon that lonely moundrepeated,uiftil^-tduseanexpressivevulgarism- profitstendingtobuildupotherStatesandcities hopetheyhaveascertainedthatIamnottobecoaxed, pubUcandtotheprtvi^ownersofwopertyalong poMiciaaitmhrCxUtk' ''.'.', BlWircd^fith the red and Autumn leaf— yellowmakes their stock valueless. Wehold theland in trust for the the streets is authorized by law, the plaintiffs are en- having parted with title.Hm tear, bat raise the BiQMnftittie Aittamn mists of earthly grief.and other kindred submission sheets, at the hend no serious losses, however, resulting from t>e offered,) that the dizmer at J. D.Biptl'lImBfainting eyeHoover's, the State seceding from the Union none which mentioned l}y Mr. Sahdkks as the first instance of ref-titled to the relief demanded.TAirrf—The act of the Legislature of April ir, I860,under which alone the defendants assert theroae-hnd bore within !t« breast Diose mystMea of color, warm and bright,Mft'ttlti'Mealc eHmate of this lower sphere. ^:i(M«U<MRer waken into form and light.Tea, tfte sweet Oaidener hath borne her hence—' 'Wimiaft thira ask to take her thence nM<^4bdtbeholdherinsomecominghour,I am not or the advocate of the tj^p originatorthemandia raspeet ta- M» Ham, SC4»1|Sxtjr Iglidehpol-We assert, as alwve, that the nomination for theuponthestreets, digup,lay,Theypowerto determineaway PaO-blossomed in his fields of cloudless day.Black President, but I generally dis-IN PANEUILHALL.several others. At least one (and we confidentlytherein,origlnal'ownersis aot divested.ertataaf The l^al 'M'toufanaddedflower,bickening."BSNAioB -rhragfcK'd ro^inos.Senator Itebson, of Georgia, writes as follows to the editor of the Columbus (Geo.,) Times, un-der date of the I8th" I have noticed an article in the Star, of thisnienceofourcitizens at home—instead of seek-the party and to principle, Stkphxh A. Oquqlas.streets for railroadpurposes would be in itself an ap- propriatioaofthe streets for anew use, inconsistent with the original purpose and design for which the streets were opened, and therefore, unless expressly authorized by law, a nuisance.'^.;.';>^^:J'9*1iS^T adjoining ^ds.aDafbeBuaaBli'sn'ttteof that it Is not ': showing JaUMBk-rThest^otes anaibrli% the opeBiiiK 3f stnUr not confer any absohUe nttengni the riapiar!:the land would revert to the original owner<city, alleging that one of the Senators in Congressof Hr. Gioam N. Sahdibs— persons who shall accept offices under Lincoln, if troubles or losses, which may be necessary toproperly sought by the people and by their co-plain- plication of law ttie residue resulted in;approved it, asmany personsthereof, or have acquired iiiktoelected President, should be outlawed and killed,save our liberties, and those institutions which, if,t\Ss. Unlessthedefendantsshow and affirmatively,and muchholyhorror has been expressed bythatdestroyed,appre-beyond all doubt, that their intended interference withoriginal owners, thwaMThe Legislature had no power to direct the iatltw for streets of more land than was reqoiied for ths wo^ lie use.paperenormity of the proposition. If the undersigned is the Senator alluded to, I take occasion to say that— partywill weigh a feather, when compared with thesure which- exists. Somr as a future Government, and the temporary distrast and fears it inspires are concerned, Ihe stockholders are citi- zens of South Carolina, like the rest of us, andSecond—The actsconstructing, maintaining operaUng the contem- plated railroad, thus constituting in themselves a con- tinuing public nuisance, and also threatening special injury to the private plaintUTs in this action, this suitAdisinterested manwhoup,If no provision is made by the act fbrto tbe Corporation ai trustees, or to the pttiale ona-that this people, instead <>f being on the eve of anearnest, andwith earnesmess andout compensatioii, would be a breacAi .of tnu^ i would work irreparable Injiiry, which can only hawere on the eveofdiscord,violence,bloodanddisunion. [A tosomeextent.office, but one of them can be elected by the voice of the people. The friends ofpurposesbe for a public use not inconsisteut with its originalDurpose, compensation has been required.It is manifest that the defendants intend to clearlybe that ft will be given, onless presumedthe election into theHouse,a President of theirsomebyWhatevermayot fiagreat principlesstreets in trust for theon the their consent to thethat man isty at the ballot box. [Cheers.] Our fathers provided) become act,the fee is either in the on each property-ownersof selfcarried out by the expressed will of the majori-thatevery;and now you are told that if you dare tothe Statutes of 1607 andto the byopening easement of the entireportionof In theblood,government. [VoicfsThese: provisions Chap.er,andhiniseifpreferredto:private rights,;"— fabric is made of materials, and so togeth-Carolina College"T?he Mayor, Aldemien and Commonalty of the Ciiyof York shall become and t>e seizea in fee of all New-the lands in the said report mentioned that shall be re-slight that thefor thestreets,capablegovernment,and a dissolution of this fabric of humanUSof Lawspropriatlonpublic propertyprivate panose.Can it be so? —"No, nev-and resolutionsat the meeting of the Euphradian Society of the Southof was conceived in vain ? governmentthat:symmetricalbadly jointedMany years ago. Dr. Francis Leibee, now of the Columbia College, Nsw-York, was hospitably re- ceived in South Carolina, his scholarship appreciated,will of the people, in theiremployment. Noas to the invasfon of justifythePEOPOSKD EEPUDIATION OP NORTHERN DEBTS.the<r«1UII0>, T.lPPAjr and Gebbit Smith were Our corrpspondent, "Caution," in our columns blood to our children. [Loud cheers.] Wc can elected tiini to honorary membership, and gave his so that, in to the estate vested in them, andpeoplethis country elect aPresidenttheywill dissolveof the South Carolina College, regarding Dr. LsiE-iE as a siauncli supporter of the insUtutions of the South,and their succes-From the CtiarlesUm Mercury, Oct. 25.estate, itisnotamunicipaltrust, privatetrust, respectof Uie School. At first, we w^re tolil to de- to-day, treats of the effect ot the secession of South hoiior a man who stands upon a political platform portraitBut his recent action in the City ofNew-has any they may make of it, the Corporation dispositionand are clothed with like powers, and subject to like du-spise their insane ravingsand we can w^'U rc- C:aroluiu Irom the Union, in case 31r. Lincoln is and differs with us in principle. You can resjiect shown that her confidence has beenYork, misplaced,— berCompany,Witliam'Aidson,andeightothers. TU*;mattiber the day when Abolitionists were hooted elcctcil—yi/.v/, with respect to our Hanks, and, sc -ouch a man for hiswhilehisandThe tailing of the soil of the streets for the proposed case was some time since argued before Justice Sv^f-you regretand, by de- to say a few words on these subjects. The ques- by cries of dissolution, from the exercise of your grees, their doctrines infected larger bodies of tion of separate State action, or action in conjunc- duty as a citizen, sinks down to your pity, if nottiesas trustee. any privateopinion,Mid pelted, and driven from pillar to post in the Olid, as regards the Northrru States. We propose error. But lliu man who expects to frighten you, formed of his character. For the concurrent testi-Hert^em cities. They persistedresponsibilitiesmonv of thf" periodicals of the day reveals tne un- railroad, would be a taking lor a new and inconsistent SKLAND, of the Supreme Court, upon a motion for aa;ute, for wliich compensation muil he made to, or con-sent obtained the owner of the fee. from,No such consent has ever been given by the corpo-forced themselves upon popular as-semblies, and soon invaded the school-room and rythe school-books, the pulpit and the prayer. The mercial interests of South Carolina be aflfected ?mea.They19, be construed into an unequivloacnagluaigne- onlytion with other States, is not involved m our inqui-your contempt. [Applause and cries of "Good."] Take the four candidates for the Presidency^-allat a German Blnck on RepubUcans,injtmctioH and appointment of a receiver.In the voluminous moving papers of the plaints, H was shown that, in 1850, Charles Goodyear, who Imd then recently invented his processes of vulcaniasKIndia rubt>er, applied to the plaintiff, who is the cipal of the Spingler Institute, in this City, and ha* been for several in educational;—their Committees, their friends, and their parties,i^ation.bit, being out, how will the Banking and Com-Fwhricdjaiy.canwell-known men let them band together, with dorsement of the sentiments of that bodyIf attempted to be given without adequate compensation, it would be a gross and flagrant breach of 11 ust, the franchise for ttie new use being of greateiforts value, as is abundantly proved by tloje persisteantnd con-itself. Women, and clergymen, and Whether our Banks suspend specie payments orpoliticians took it in keeping, and nursed it, and not, the secession of this State from the Northern and declare this day that they wt)uld dissoh e theleavenwann. With some it was genuine fanati- connection must put them into a position ot great Union—their arms would fall powerless by their cian^ with odms a sanctimonious and pharisaical power. At present, by the Constitution of th« side" in such an unholy work. [Cheers and cries^hacs still the football of a political game. In pro- can enforce the collection of debts due to them the gentlemen named is elected by the people, thatkaftit!compeUUongrant, by the offers of compensation uy wealthy citi-years largely engagedmovements, and solicited him to take an interest ial^tf*<tf time the spirit of Abolitioiiisipfi rose in by the citizens of the Southern States, in all our will dissolve the Union.condemnatorydisciple. Be it therefore1. Rrsolvii, That the name of Francis Leibee be erased from the roll of honerary membership of the Eu- phradlan Society.No compensation to the corporation, as owners of took place, the restUt of which was that Mr* Goodyear the fee in trust, is the act, toq>readprin-HocN, whom oncehypocrisy, an outpouring of Puritanism, and with United States, the citizens of the Northern States of Good."] But ye^ we are told that if one of peoplewere alnodng slandered, widiout one zens, and by the luiown travel and trafiic on the route—State east the Mountains has to use oi'.r Courts of Justice, to enforce Ihr [Loud cheers.] Now my fellow citizens of Mas-possession —the ataie Governments at the Nortli. Every States arc aliens Foreignersof thepoirer we have determined we will try the experiment. 2. Ri^Mli'ed. That tiis bust and portrait be no longer is, by tlie terms of Section 3, to be considered a pub-^legislation.;streets and avenues for the purposes "railroad,A ttasn cmpuandfeei^ie provision of Ike Cons'. I'.utionpaymentzens 'he Southern States. The hoside conductstockholder, subsequently changed ta-viiilfililydeliberately refuxcdthe W.8*''J. A. WILSON, President.in all de- promote the construction and protect the operadon of thethe restoration of fugitive .•slaves; some by pro- ;all are to partments, and of grades, requiredlighta and powers vested in the plaintiff by Goodyear were by tlie plaintiff transferred to tlie Beacon Dam Com-funas required m its establishment, and the erectiaawith noof debts due to them from citi- sachusetts, Pennsylvania, as your distinguishedIcharts,black-Iwards, slates, lie.anlxed,known as the BeaooaDamofof the North will have caused the separation. Un-Governor and President has said, is properly calledthe Keystone of the Federal arch. Pennsylvaniacity papfrs._And by Section 4 the corporate authorities,the American Hard Rubl>er The Company.hibiting their oibcers and citizens from aiding in til the relations between the Southern and North- has been ever loyal to the Union and obedieiittheir restitntion some by denying the use of the em States are settled, they must be considered as to the laws. [Applause] We are a people emi-if it had been made by tlie Common pany ; and be also contributed a large portion of tbmand public edifices for their safe keep- quasi enemies. If the Northern States quietly nently conservative, not given to sudden spasms ing; some by providing means of defence recognize our right to resume our independence of or changes of public opinion. Pennsylvania stoodgrant,jails 'for turitives from labor;of its of te. buildings, purchaseof thteooV, machinery,sfeves absolutely free when brought into 'Ae State ; and some by visiting fine and jmprison-special treaty, to enforce the collection of debts guishingand neglected by the General Govern-professorship.here, behig detrimental to him. we know that some ofgrantprivateassigns,some bv de- them,doubtlesstherightmaybeaccordedtothem, longandpatientlywhileherinterestswerelan-Quite lately the''Di[ectors Coiopaay Bngainsledclaringment upon masters seeking to reclaim their prop- if they attempt force make war uponKonig,bydue to them, through our Courts of Justice— us—thus bringing into jilay every device and with all debts betveen the people of the warding for the only candidate for the Presidency whoall Summer, the threat that if she dared to vote variety of legislative action,m encouragement and States are eimunged, and, unless revived by trea- could be elected by the people, they wwuld dissolvesafeguards Judge LKKoaTBEET would resign, spoke of electing Dr. forfeiture, for misuser or nonuser. No right is re- Libber. If such were ids sentiments, he concealed seived to amend, alter, or repeal, and none is implied.defendantsfrom Ithitoelfoet. TheMB* carryingtamed charges of fraud in the sale ; .but theof the case chiefly turned on tbe question of thesupport of the inhospitable, lawless and piratfcal ty, will be obliterated forever. War between two the Union and ;Rights acquired under it, as soon as vested, will be ir- revocable.power of the directors whole assets.of aoompany tosell a«t Itslooked them in the conduct of the citizens and mobs. And now, that nations makes every man, woman and cl^ild inhab- face, and by a verdict at the ballot-box, not to be the last element of strength and energy of iting them enemies to each other, and to take, de- mistaken, declared that Pennsylvania, loyal Penn- miachiei may not be , wanting "io this unnatural stroy or enjoy the property of an enemy is the right sylvania, was Iree Pennsylvania was sovereign,wu^fwe, waged by one section of the country agalBSt Ike vital int^tests of the other, the com- jatnttierti Goyerunent, tmr own Government,;and would do Pennsylvania[Great applause and laughter.]'S^UOKii.We find the items in a followingthqthat ticket and went over to Mr, BH9EimpaEcause he inferred, from a letter written by Mr. Lirix- qualified, iincoMitloual surrender of the street, pro of a Receiver. The following Is the opinion—iick was designed to insure domestic quiet andMT Saitosstall, that Mr. Eveeett was In favor of thetanto, toihe defendants. It cguld not be upheld ifmade by the corporation.:ScTHEELASD, J.—I think the sale and transfer by thecommoo defence, is to be seized and ~^**"1byan exclusive, one-sided and fana-ofin trust, could not permit their use for such purposes,and Fonke Goodyear— Poppenhensen, ojl^il^AKtiie pr-fspecial dispatchschool of wliich a coloredboywas a meml>er.The as owners of the fee corporation,to Konlgthe entire property of the Company, exceptto the and such omer stockholdersitsioa.,ittomafls) to wield the whole of thisuntil ample indemnity was made for all losses re- sulting from the war the Northern people force uptm her.:positively asserted that Secretaries Cobb and Tboufson willimmediately as followsBoston, Oct. 20, I860.—There is not the slightestof or the infer- foundation for the charges Judge Rice,EDWaRD EVERETT. POSITION OP MINISTER M'LANE.powers. The Legislamre cannot coerce the surren-pro-plaintiff con.-'ent to or authorize^eifiU machinery for the disturbance Ijawder by the trustee ofpropert}'.that » _-i„Ht» n/<hasale stockholderedid buthjt S^saleblen authorized byamajBnty ofttertK*- stockholders represenUng a m^ortty rf would have been void as to theaUhverling of our institntions, in-resign sist in thefor secession. "The Secre-part of the trustee, to the diversion of the trust estate, arenugatory.in fact authorizathe;belligerents.pleased.The best thing, therefore, inas shebe- posingpense of Keplng it in repair. It is an absolute, im- granting ihe injunction, and ordering the appointasatot allcase South Carolina secedes from the Union, which could occur for those in South Carolina who owe debts to Northern creditors, would be anattempt,Ihe Northern States, to coerce the State mil- by byjustitary force. The State woula not, probably, allow_aiii,'wbose only idea and purpose it is her citizens to pay a dollar to Northern creditoas, Should LiNCOUT be elected, it is nowthe merchants—pled dmnlnation. No foreign Gov- debtors of the South are liberated from all press- posts, and to stand by the Union and against those has writtenHow long they will have to wait, will on the preparedness of the Northern States to make a satSa&ctory treaty with us. One thing,The other Courtsbave«djoumedthe moled as to renderThe to name was subsequenOyehaagedHard Rahber and inJtmmtr, Company,^1853, the capHtal stock was Increased from IJMikana of $25 each to 4,000 shares of $2S each, the ptaaor snheetSiing for and the ehaaa^9>e« to a Southern Convention to be assembled^tbe purpose of framing and establishing a Con-ntnttoQ.make any treaty with us, which docs not stipulate which has greatly disturbed his rest. J TM'msoflaw,aretobedrawnoutoftheUnion that thaUsurrenderorpayfor,everyfugitive I understand,upon thatthebanking-;It is and without perpetual,but ment. They flaunted in the face of Pennsylvania,the 'Trustees, but when it was feared that recently,forth-however, we suppose is certain. They can never while he was in the House of Kep^sentatives,the owner.If the Legislature determine that such taking isnecessary,tleycanonlyauthorizeituponfimcom- 3,000amongdUTeVentparties.Theiaereaaeofoaiittaltookplaeethey stage stave whoinquiry,did not takePeopleheretofore granted In these cases, the complaintstott\eownerofthepropertyaffected,what-IkarltmUs. Sometime houseofSioos4Co.TMJS1 P'°«««4ih'u>g8s» their wishes about it. The may transpire before they come-to this. But they the $10,000,000 loan, but they subscribed neariysolely#ithr«^Indla-mboertntercoursetta. aaamsaonegiacof India-Hrvoer,eral,—have determined to remain at theirperhaps extinction ;— $300,000. fordiscounts—allstocksofgoodsonhand EdwardBates, ofMissouri,andSenatorSiu-the ta Dlr«<*«rs,is significant.Southern Convention to make a can be realized at leisure, and the money used HONDS, of Bhode Island,—two of the most conser-to vivify and open new channels of commerce.trade and vative men in theof theof New-Yorkhave of the Company. been tte only bushiessnamedOur correspondent suggests that our I*fisla- other for Secretary of the Treasury, under the Ad-think, therefore, that, andthe Banka! One of the first expedients tomessage"be a run upon the Banks for spe- cie by Northern capitalists.. We trust no Caro- linian would be of such con-andthr»ng» orguilty impatriotic presentEOROBS LovISTa.!.! COURIERpaone iinn mtist chaneter, cicMnpensatlonNorth and the South are basedonrvad?the ibro^s'i(Ue siftei', a; projiosed,tU^cooUuue o;.- bai.ine«lieCdrpotatiOO.Col. Holt—inasmuch as it makes no vision for compensation to the corporation of the Cityhowever hostile its intents, could be ure for their payment. It is they, the Northern who seek its overthrow. The course of the Secre- lar Sovereignty, and declarmg his belief that Mr. gofranthted byand a bnemwgeasepmreonpte,rto>r' '"ln'loSSng''at this question as to the povrsrandmi.Finalignant in spirit, or more p^werfil forpeople—the Northern creditors—who have driven tary of War will be closely watched by Patriots in Breckinridge occupiestheonlytenable on positioncorporation, creating to make the sale and exclusive right of way, in the streets. thorirv of the DirectorsPennsylvaiilaThe license fee is fixed at the rates now paid onWe have already noticed the fact that Mr. MoCeaw, other roads, and cannot be increased hereafter. The sale, and averred that It was a fair, honest sad traato the Philadelphia Press from Washingtonand retire toand to as- Georgia Mississippi,I do not think that it appearsTM^°^'». "fJgus out of a union with them. ^Let them bear the all parts of the He will be to this question. He therefore prefers him as a Presi-traaalnr, Irrespective of the question, whether the railroad with or without the authority of a nndocItT oF ^haembarrassmentsmayarise the pre- hehasnotfullymadeuphismindastowhat totheUnion. '"We leatn tti* weeki thnmgh a friend, that the venting the collection of debts, and perhaps course he will assume in the event of the formalThefeeofthesoilofthestreetsbeinginthecor- objectofmanufacturlugoodasorartieiea'ofiaMdlma poration in trust for streets, Ac, the public easement rubber, or of its patented cosqioandsandN fiie Qood- andright ofway, of which the Corporation are the yeax patents.tttan i^ dimnmb^iniant, whitm is understood to bringing trouble and loss to commercial secession of entire if such se- sjjecula- States, particulariyMtliearagzamiiieoftheleadersin theSouth,and lations. Let them wait, at least, until the cessionshallbetheapparentactoftheLAW REPORTS. Cenrt Calendar Tdissat.carving out of to be enjoyed Dy pri-The uCdirporatioa, ericiaaUroMtaiiadInKay.is to establiab at Washington new channels of commerce, they have forced he will resist andpeople, cases of violentak-tke ^tTateBU«tarT6ovemmant,wliiehwinbepunishall—Circuit—Part 1.luucapital,Asdl^ the several Legislatates of the Sonthem they shall be empowered to require the be how to prevent secession.— and Oyerrati-usto seekbebefore dividual treasoiLTheCotiBTTerminer. Part //.—No*. IS07, 1142, 1688, 1688, 1690,:the one for and the Attorney-General,Thegrantcannotbe~»"itniltri asacountry. —compelled both because he thinks his views onvlvania ^.IBtwfiiaf"'AoomapoadentoftheAugusta(Geo.)Consti- tions. Itistheywhohavebrokenupourusual emtraitors—andIamgratifiedtostate,will andbecauseheisopposedtothedesignsoftheRe- passengersbyrailroadsonthesestreetsforprofit,isa tHcentheseparties,theC'o"m—pany«"«Mbe(ina^rtiaeither for oragainstdiflSculty,atcompensation.„ ..:„k»appearto ab- hare beea onaniaed fin tteDisunionists,letter a few days ago, from a former colleaguefor the public use can be granted, the residue remainmg hiJsmsanviLU, Thursday, O1960.any analogous pnipbses, ««» ""rh^b^MM^Sniofcard, dejisrt frvffl a l^tle Ul»t I tlJveBUscellanr* IHDIONAKT.letW^but or in- the start, willtrusteesandcustodians,cannotbeabridgedby that easement a franchisevate persons, even though for public u^c- witlioutIg52,with a of ofcapital n»>», oampoaed Lfittt^wmof $25 each, was called the Beacon Dam Caau»ay,citletdD.5,ent1trusted, presidedOct. and on that occasion utteredi1I!word issuing from the lips of this false proposed.tions to educational Some negoatptpaltitcoa-a apparatus.17th Uu«., the foUoMoc aoQee of How Jasss D. Bannt -TonB.-A...1=1to thanTha Legislatare, by exprefi provlskm In u,. nfa-He Repablieanvoted for Liiri, Bepubllcaa, f°A »««lMta»i>»ic«», as did the Brecklnoidge men ofbut I hope I shall do itto those who feel enough interest in the matter to readtills statement."before the Court. Itcaotaaade-aiWe should ofescapelargequantities quadrennial Europe. CottonLsspecie. Itcranesfromthe oftheE7iq%arerthat besawmyticket,"thathe Atthispoint,aftersomedlssussion.theCourtoon- requiringonecentOatOferenr^Rwreeeiredis;and Iwjply the same lan-oimi could be heard poned December, when it folly;laiyewishes, and thus departing from a .rule of acUoa that'ofsecede, and 'be—Messed. We are tired of their expect our bankers to be Robert Hobrises,' but has governed me throiigh life, I want it distlilctly un- clearly and ei^ssly aMborfaedby law, 'constitute a risldn fa?<HattipciiBffWcS» '1BIU{^^my*|terious right / — the PresldenUal ffiroughout pending canvass,..'^they are pkyed out.' Tbelr bombast is absolutely on tlie capitar<rf' this State, and at the ine6n*e- dtfven, at slandered bito the support of that traitor to the Ibie of the proposed railroad, the takbig of the - TfaelawpiaapmestbeJMl0.beintheow9a(i«acknowledgesreceiptRespectfully, yours,'.,.. .- ,:^.^vaAk-of from thelas ticket to Hr. Yahcit. In lU Issue of the 2eth, itthefrom this State has proposed and urged that all ought to bear their part of any deprivations, letter, under the trank of Hon. Thomas T. Bau, and is property brought, and the remedy, by injunction, ticular use. and was silent as totte fettdae. WrA-*'saysWe assert distinctly, imequlTocally and on ampleauthority, (which can be produced if a worthy issue&*ar,of-tlB original CorpofuS:ence to the Vice-Presidency in connection with Mr. Y ANCET, was not the first instance.to constructprosperity and gain, which the liberty and ipdepen-icy alluded to, and that I must have been misun- dence it will secure in a Southern Confederacy, Vice-Presidency, the consent and Icnowledgc of and maintain their railroad, does not establish such land thus required, what estate orqaaatitr of latma^enterderstood, if any one has so represented me. The and to no place more than to Charleston. Let us, Stefbeit Abrold fjy had t>een made and re- right nor authorize the prolseedings thus proposed.had theshould be taken, whether an estate abmhaaiaBMr^Mpolicy has been suggested by others, and I havethen,act with and for there liberality 'confidence,Douglas,peated to Wu. L, Yancst, and declined by him be-^ Upon the true interpretation of tlie act, it does not authorize the defendants to proceed in...the construc- tion of the railroad until tney have agreed with all persons ovralng the land, or any interest therein. Inqualified estate, The (Heywaidtu.occasionally,as one of thereallyparty.to, was known to Gsosai N. Sasdiss, and to any of the streets mentioned in the act for the ptohreatlonplans Bepublicanof resistance to the rule of ain of it private conversation, spokenno good cause for apprehension and strin-fore that du]nerThis nomination, before the dinner party referred325, )power mey take only an estate intrust, and ttecaw-in Columbus willuse oruse a title to the same, in the manner specified in the act. **isgency^COL. CURTIN op PENNSYLVANIAL.by the liaowledge and consent of DonoLAS and Sah-DEBS, liefore the dinner party referred to, in order to urge on Mr. Yascst the acceptance of the nomi- nation.In other words, and to sumeveninggrants of this descr^ition, daring ttie past iei^ j ~and in lefeieoce to allthe and requestof Mr.—a desire to preserve andcontrary, appropria- tion of the streets for a new and exclusive use by de-.refersMr. Sanpxbs as guests, we may confi- add Mayor Jauis G. Bibbxtt, of Washington,of «r- raoh. stated to aswhich and deniedPraaKtOks aF^BrBpmplalnt,from any financialout, charge shall produce, there is a duty also from the Banks I liave been panned by Stiphih A Douslas and Mr. Butler then proceeded with his remarks. The the exercise of the right oieniinent dmthe4iBhonewith the muidm,onless thelatter to the people. Banks were not established bisminionstoapointwhereIfindthatmyfriendsex- followingarethepointsofplaintiffs,the defence not izlngraUroadslB'Meetrdoaottp^;1^ _ ..the—the, peopleif tfaejdontdosofhdso. efit. They create and control the currency, the Cindsnati Enquirer; and. In Ridingto thelrl ingdownLronrdboadtracks, for thetransportation been'aterrue^&jnbyAatthey tl>e Quixotes-wiU secede. Let diem by which all is measured. We do not propertybeen appealed toEven if the fee of the soa Is not Inrequired, to the have a special pr<^>ei^ In the streets upouirliietittafrquestionlas and Wm. L. Yancet, Mr. Sandiis is equally mis- provision for compensadon to the Corporation of theareatandtestify old and confirmed relations of personal friend- fendants, without compensation.designedvate franchises be ooofBrruoa sougfattoM^mmMiamoSled toTbm flie C_ passengers, for their own profit, wonlo. luless ''ai^Weri_ght, title, interest.name to the Southern Rights Association, established claim and demand, whatsoever, of the people of this Atiorney-Gencral Myers, Wm. Allen Bntler, Wm.slaves in our midststillhisand matie them free. If fanat- in the South Carolina College in 1851, a conspicuous State, of, in, and to all laitds at any time heretofore C. Noyes and John Van Buren for plaintiffs. BL W.Idsand,also, byinslance of the zeal which lie then professed, since hepending.In view of these factstheEuphradian Societybust and a place in her halls."that she has been deceived in the estimate sie had doubted fact, that tliis person, once so honored andand, more- over, that in this meeting, which he countenanced by his presence, and over which be presided, that Cal-and » hose and me Southern doctrinewsithewhformehrelysoadvocaltievde,d In honor and es-ofidefendants, during eight vears, procureteem, vituperatedthe developmentof the new invention in itsa letterdiscussingthe quesUon of Popu-York,plfinUff^dl>eprofessedtovenerate," Prof. Leibee leftthe College, it is well known, not because he was op- railroad.The South Carolinian remarks:and others vs. John Kerr andforth that the defendants were about toof canbe private individuals,gcxatai out of a publicabridg-manufeetnre andsale of such articles would appear•tathese cases narrates the width of the sfreeUgn ortbe.Btate shows that whenever a street fCityinterests and the nghK;Court, be- on the partof a water course, isproper^within the oftrol it, the byin the for the Legislatureto the institutions of the State, for he could li-ivc THfegoesoendretained, if the position of the Presidency of tl;» Council, would have been void, as a breach of theSouth Carolina College had been ^awarded hifltKaud trust upon which it holds the streets. The worst fea- wouldhatebeenhadheremainedctJIitentedwitha turesofamonopolyarestampeduponthisgrant. It asaleofallits toMessrs.So sar from his sentiments, as known is a topropertytwo of the defendants. This sals E ^The of New-of New-individuals and theirwithout corporate existence, restruuts, or liabiiiues.HR. ETERETT backs DOWN.one of Union electors in Alabama, withdrew from! track is made a part of the public street, thereby Im- sale , and for a full and valuable consideratiOB.and thecause, injuriousrightaffectthe ofthetitleofthe orquestion Corporation, presentedbyinjtmction. j^sintilfii, essttdf^without of the streets.ofwithtauponCity of New-York, as the owners of the fee of thecitizens, and,Corporatioiuthis sub-division, it is so by virtue of the provisions of'are asToUows1607, secUon 9, provides, that, upon confirmation of theofsession of the same or any part or parts thereofconceded. But this supposed demand Is not sopos- In trust, nevertheless, that the same be appropriated andthe^Bther publicBeteat ground to forever restrain the building of the rallroadaexceptintrust,solong as the sMets are ^apt1on the municipal authorities the duty and ex- rendered his dedric JusticeSDTHiaLASDhasnowequality of the races, smce his sons once wentthe streets,gentleman of Montgomery, and he telegraphed back without compensation, except by an abuse of its trust estate, witfi iu machinery and ^f"^,^' "'as^Td^id'ln!ot?;The on thethe trustvisions of the law requiring acquiescence,the sale.the act, such franchise theso as to be valid as toaadhlmlthethis subject are in accordance with the Constitution, to these defendants of the exclusive right of carrying holders who did not consent, in this oaser^ad^ .ka-SenTonly so much as is absolutely necessarypublic streetsroads, Ac., contrary to the whom the peopleofa right of way which belongs to all the the sfocle?SepJ^LsrfttisaaddecpiusripoonM^ S" w*"u«S*^*s?Sbelongednection were also read the Act .underwhlcn tneby the I*riaWaBea» a The Act of gratuity.rte?^i^uSthe Directois WBre,«iected to direct and manags, ^so narrow asol»tnicHonsthat the of orUethe s^eorbusiness of maoufactaring,,udtt des<slptioa soiowner,andtothisresldnethegioties,Popps"^the usual of the wishes of plaintiff, he brought fids init to restialB.—was p-' p T-^'T-rrrfillnniiftliiiaaiiilaSihiifc' vested in the Corporation onlt a trust estate tat a Ml^Tbe original of the land for I LiilTtL irtiia' takingand in the exercise of thisfolly abstained from giving aaabsiAitaito, ntHtt'The act is invalid, inasmuch as It was notthe vote required for bOls ^q>ropriatlng pmllB pnp- erty to public purposes.'Tbe act, tboudi in one sense appropriattag pilrata property to a public use. Is yet. In reroeot to we ptt-fromIt can be sustained only on the theory atUpon these pofaits the plaintiffs depend as snThe answer of defendsnts denied all fraud In Ikeov asto«hei53ntiffandotherrtockhnidiGoodyear's patents;'—aaye..-,..,-l Vlowed. The nmmiigbectfseitseffectwas.columns Cor theing £^:In requestmg of thisbemSd)!, eonsentoftheowneroftbesoilfirstobtained.The ttieet^ approprbSci by Uie grau; bare beenThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 