 ithizers with tne Sicilian cau^e even in this House. I, cilians do not remember bim a* a deliverer, they will particularly mentioned as having distinguished i self in the belt is equally owned by both of us ? There is no such equality; but I will do him the justice he appearsmii»V;ioncrx of Ejroieration were to accopt tb« «uno, an* »u j ^ ^ - epplicable to the.Qnarantine in it« present idtnatton wore v» «»- ' ply to the newji^te, wb<>theJ: temporary or permanent. r r 'mRK DAILY TRIBUNE, Tmmmmmm^caramon law of England, but I a n i o n it m against a j «tte»i>t,ibrb©«khorred the man and his rule; and, Govermn •to be entirely neutral with retpeptUtihe Iwould Bare found m» at *Mbe*$$tiu>Btiplaceeyfoil iidursif 10.aod.i2fl. m* ParentsTrho at* too'.p^r$»< aC ottux vttb*** p*««ofe«* Wfe«» ii''^ . « ba&d ty* **£! •1!•:,-'!m/flje principles of voletnational law. [Soar, bear.* much as be might be disposed to find fault with the conflict wbi > was going-on* The Neapolitan' captain v provide for their ohildrcW ae they would wish, will vetmls* tMiwrtof tier-York atonted «**> W f l f l n t w M , * nont! came to handv ' * w lnfwtiow tiufrrdem. wbo tball be &nct*.i to be so reeeireAhr. |These may not be popular sentimenta, bot I think they ax© ench aa ought propeny to be entertained by an inde- pendent member, who baa no sympathy with Naples and much liking for the Sicilian cmi&e, bat who thinks, what- everhissympathiesrnnyhe,thatitisnotrightu>truckleGovernment of England in dealing with Ireland, it would be one Of the greatest calamities that oould be- fall lie oimntry to allow that man, or a single soldier that fought under bis banner, to st* foot upon itsshores. Whatbedesiredwas,thatthiscountry>houldbe»re-then askedwho might,immediate] 'put up a signal for that purpose, and afterThe ridiculous fiuggeetiijmi put forward by Mr. Heenan, of mutihvting tbe birft, I laugh to scorn, and could afford to treat it with the contempt it m'ftts, but that some good friends o€ mine—of^ the Peace Society—have, innocently enoughy patronized the-no-tho Health Oimcetor tbe Botoi of UemiOt; »<b«y***& ty>. «**Vh*to rn^-ivt. (or » n r i pt,T*on no mdmibUyd (otfa^^WMwaJleiM<*»«** mi».tl<*ea),it ibrroU- of * * per week forthejbr,«apport antf mem- S <:•! «ir«, irWch tholt b« at «hs e*peo*« of tb* o% 'MT or coa»itpa**«, *«y v*Ml in wbich »«ch peruon OmU bmrC «t.Trfv«d, » d from wbicatfaieybtoreiM1ded;andnoTewdshallhx*perxnitt«aUf Itave QuAnwitint, until imcb oxpenaei shall have'.1*** paid «ron the t»wtomereout-of-door*feeling,andthatheoughttolay aervedfromthemachinationsofamanofthiskind; AsLordJo!Russellobservedlastmght,"Thatmust tion.:^-::'\•/-•/]^'•'^•-••t y•:--•>••:•';•".%'?•j;.-':'•:t-.P&jX•fi*».at MarsaU Was gr^tl* aaswteo by English vessels. vate objects under the auspices of two kingly robbers,afterward fixed shot and shell against the town he hadto my sympathy, at d I certainlv will not show that sympathybybreakingthelaw. ["Hear,hear.JTo this Lord John Uusseli replied as follows: Thesneak out of his enterprise like a Spanish Bourbon, ceived at Naples that the Italian trooj>s could not be rieeirons of denying me, by admitting his equality innorwillbecarryitoninamannertoinsurethede- countedon,andthe3dForeignRegiment,composed valor. Torun,swim,orwrestleforthebeltofthe •"EXCISEConwjssiovtzns.—The BoardmetonWednes- t*dupbcwpjtaliiforquarantibepnrpo«iM»«i,.andwbileintbeactof<ion. member for Liskwu-d ints asked u>e a questioninnkeepers and two $o etorelteepers. Altogether, cants are notified that no notice will be taken of theirapplicationsunlesstheyareproperlyfilledinandin-Mr. Maguire said that if The London Times shouldput down the name of every member of the Cabinet asasubscribertotheSicilianfund,themistakewouldnot!*•an extraordinary one, seeing that the Governments&ddone everything in their power, perhaps uncon-teiouary, to promote discontent in the dominions of theKing of the Two Sicilies, and to a certain extent to en-tourage the present rebellion. The noble lord, sittinga the Foreign-office as a kind of European schoolmas-ter, bad regularly " birched " the King of Naples, fahaghj; he had,'in fact, done everything to discredit " to meet them. No movements whatever have taken lisauthority in bis own dominions,.and had almostJBstified the insurrection. The fact was that the Kingef Naples was compelled to take steps which might becalled arbitrary ana harsh, but which were absolutelyBeceseary in the state of the public feeling there. Surelyarrested • yesterday by Officer Dusenberry ou a charge of stealing $250 worth of silverware from thethere, and had climbed jothe loft to sleep off the-fumes of liquor, and while trying to dd« •end fell to tbe pavement, and was aimo«t instantly killed. COIOJ r Scbirmer held an inquest on the body..thai Sovereign, when he found conspiracies hatching ih Naples with the view to foment insurrection in Sicily, had a perfect right to turn the conspirators out of the Country. He (Mr. Maguire} hated to see in the dis- patches emanating from the Foreign-office ail that cow- ardice and truckling manifested toward a great Power, and that tyranny and oppression toward the small, fWear, hear,J The noble lord was. braye when he had to oeal with the King of Naples or the Sovereign of>me; bufbe blanched,when he had to encounter theEmperor of France. The most abominable conspiracythe world ever saw was now being carried out inlialy, and all the confusion there at this moment wasov,'ing to the infamous machinations of two kingly rob-bers. He was perfectly justified in the belief that therobhery which was perpetrated in Italy of a portion ofth* S*a*es of tbe Pope and a portion of the Austriandominions, and the division of the booty between thosetwo Sovereigns, originated in a base compact betweenthem. And what waa the principle that-had been sanc-tioned by her Majesty's Government ? Why, that itvias lawful for any portion pf the subjects of a legiti-mate Sovereign to cast off his yoke, and to hand overtheir aliegiance to another. On the same principle, thep*op!e 01 Cornwall or Devon might throw off the yoke'of the Q^ueen, and might, by universal suffrage, expresstheir' discontent witn her government, and their de-termination/to be fVee, or to band over their allegianceto ri;e Emperor of the French. {Hear, hear, j Gari-baldi is called an illustrious patriot, and by many morehi((h-sounding epithets; but who were his accomplices ?From all oides we learn that the effect of the expedi- tion in Southern Italy has been most remarkable. Ca- labria is in a ferment, and the Patric says that an in- surrection in Calabria and another in the Abruzzi are Kpoken of as having commenced. Into the probabilities of such a movement we cannot enter. If, however, these provinces do attempt to shake off the Royal yoke, the asfietiince to the Sicilians will be great indeed. But the most important question is the behaviorof the Nea-Solitan troops. The cause of the King depends on their delity; yet thev are Italians, and we know what Italian soldiers did in Florence and Modena. .It maywell be that the army is not unwilling to fraternize with the most eminent Italian soldier of the age, one who has recently borne a great part in delivering his country from a foreign yoke, and who is even now in the service of the most patriotic of Italian Kings. We publish Garibaldi's address to the Neapolitan army.Commissioners of Health have come to a conclusion- Presidency.Why, the very scum of Italy—bandits and assassins,leagued together by ties of "blood- Among them baldi's hastily collected .corps, notwithstanding theth"was one 2Jamblanchi, who judging him by his ;arts, was an infamous villain, a foul, blood-stained robber, and an assassin. He could tell the House aomething of that man Zamhlanchi. He had been a Coftom-House officer, and was an infidel and vag- abond (a laugi); he feared neither God nor man;W^ae at enmity with tbe Pope; and therefore, for- aooth, he waa a hfco and a j>atriot. During the re-glowing accounts of it at first published by the French press, was ill provided for, and it disembarked in Sicily well knowing that by so doing it lost all certainty of being able to communicate with Genoa or Leghorn. The thoroughly national character of tiie. insurrection enabled the gallant band to discard this consideration, and to throw itself unhesitatingly upon the population as tbe source of its strength, and engage in a.strugglevented from making their spending money by catching flogs, because there are always plenty of brokers who will purchase the animals from them. The Dog-Pound/this year is at the foot of Twenty-sixth street, North Kiver. As will he seen by the notices, the dogs may always be reclaimed, if applied for within one day niter they have been brought to the Pound. William Kellhouse has been appointed and sworn into office asviz: .'•'.)., Fir*t: Tbe physician of the Marine HoBpitul shall have andTHE PEESSUPONTHE INSURRECTION.i From The London Time*, May 18.bad debated me it would not be his. He would have of the steamtug Tempest, who is charged with having utoi d, and tht jnbifical interpreA man like Garibaldi is sure to do something worthyto do as I have done—meet every aspirant to the honor of wearing it for three years before he would becometowed five different vessels through Hell Gate withouttaking on board a proper pilot/in violation of the pilotciently, lodlc»(^, ^ijrj»pi)Teci«tton o ^ t h ^ ^ ^ S i ^ T o b u i Uonf Bjici dutie*. i n LWnyoar comommon w»» <tfUblinh^d for th^o\^pnrpo<Hf of>ff«cfi«tbe removal of the qoanatino mo- tion, ana tbe movimons of ten>yorary aecommodattona for th*struction of himself and hisfollowers, like John Brown. He may fail, but. be will have carried terror to themainly of Anst^ans, was ordered to embark for Sicily. Th^ee are authentic reports, and they prepare us to/re- ceive, without surprise, what.the Paris papers under-.prize ring is a challenge so eminently absurd, that one can hardly imagine it emanates from, a sane man, and the evident* of aberration of mind is greatly strength-day morning, and grarted fifteen Kcenses—thiiieen toYour pri-dloceiwofH in office pnrcbaaed Bognin*'* Point, and «t-1 pa»«wg tbem^o^'er to the ComunnoionexfJ of Eudgrntion, (berwtth respect to the landing of the expedition of Gen. *tart ot the worst Government in Europe, he will take to staie. that the insurrection is on the ^pointof ened by the proposal to jump off a housetop.Gantmldi, and the ships which are said in certain tele- grams to have protected the disembarkation of hia men. Ireceivedto-dayanaccountfromtheAdmiraltywhichhave lighted a candle in the South of Italy which will never be -pw out, and, though he may not live to see the day, yet the liberation of the wholes Peninsulatriumphing^n Sicily.The lawyers ih the House of Commons, favored byThe same proposition was once made by a lunatic, who met his medical attendant alone on the roof of the asylum... "Letus,"saidthemadpatient,seizingtheof New-^ork, idckwitb yellow fever o> other peatiJentiaJ dixeaae, until tbe prevent Quarantine ahall be removed, and it shall bo fib* dutyoftne ComuibiKionentfortheremovala*QuarantineSta^ tiou to make »ovao suitable arraxnjementa for the removing and taking proper care of aucb poraons aa may be sick at the Hospital* at Ca*tit-ton. and when audi arrangements shall have boen made. ', and notice thereof shall have be«n given to the Commissioners ©cthese vessels, the Intrepid. There is very e mstderable ment which has been caused by his expedition is a sumed illegality, and of course every Solicitor-General icaJ man, with great presence of mind, replied, " Nay, British property at Marsala, and from the time when proof of the confidence which tne world has in his 27i posse thoughtjibe hon. member for King's County anybody could jump down; let UBgo into the street it was expected there would be a rising at Sicily sev- powers, and its conviction of the rottenness of the had done great service by bringing forwarda theme so and jump up." Like Teddy the Tiler, I know some-eral applications have been made both to the Foreign-Emigration, tbey>hall cease to send sick persons to said Hospital," 37 North Uiver, and, by directions of the Collector shall, deidgnat<;, and pay the ezpease of their 8000011."Neapolitan Government. Were Garibaldi a common Office here and to Admiral Fanahawe, the Commander man, an Ortf ga laboring under the hallucination thatand while I unquestionably admit that. Heenan is a If, then, tbe Floating Hospital, to which allusion is made JSJC uvreliefifrom the these* and antitheses of these very in the Mediterranean, to send ships to Mara*!*, for the his cause had followers, or a Smith O'Brien fancying learned persoi s to cbme upon Mr. Maguire's fresh andbrick, I hope always to be able to say with truth, and Surveyor of the Port, took pos.eessibn of the steam- your coniijii.nu:»tioi., mintended as the '"temporary acoommo-part of the Neapolitan captain-, but it by no means im-plies that the English snips were at all in the wayof that firing. Ill does not appear, therefore, thatthe British captain in any way exceeded hfeduty. He was on the -<pot for. the. protection ofBritish life and property, and he acted in that capacity General seems to be doing as well as can be expected.WEST POINT.—The annual examination of the Ca- ing sailor boai^dihg-house runners got on board thedets at West Point will commence by the organization ship Glasgow, :fro|m Rotterdam, drove the mates be-of the Board of Visitors on Friday. The Cadets will low, and began atopplying the sailors with bad rum,ii•8ISO one can forget the military genius which Garibaldi few words—and tbey shall only be a very few—with exhibited at Rome, and hi* firmness in defensive war-be reviewed on the same day.. SUICIDE or A GERMAN WOMAN.—On. Tuesdaypreparatory to ip«niDg them ashore, and reshippingthem while dHfaik- . Tbe Harbor Police heard of1• 1• • J i *• 1 • Iand in no other. [Hear, hear,J Now 1 will say arespect to the matter which has been so much aiscussed to-night. Of cprrrse I will not touch upon the ques- tion of law on which honorable and learned gentlemen on opposite rides of the House have given such edify- ing acquisitions, although I cannot ascertain from them that in any particular case it would be wise for the Government to enter a prosecution. [Hear.] It is one thing to state what is the general purport of the law. No one could do that u ore clearly or with more authority than my honorable and learned friend, the Attorney-General. But it would be quite another |nestion whether, if the Government were to instituteU prosecution, they would be able to obtain a convic- [twm. Now, the honoraWeand learned gentleman op- posite (Mr. Mahna; ^ ^ «<punish immediately these persons wbo put those advertisements in the newspa-I pers." I am rather surpnaea to near a Jawyer say tthat, because what evidence have we, in the first place, ' of who put in the advertisements in the newspapers ?Ton must go first to the printer of the newspaper, and endeavor to obtain from him evidence as to who those parties are, and next >ou must connect them with the advertisements, toe subscriptions, and anything which Stay have subsequently taken place.fkte has been more than equaled by the dash aod spirit of Lis campaign against the Austrians. This time twelvemonth, when it was announced that Garibaldi was rushing in on the Austrian territory with a hand- ful of men, tbe universal feeling was, that whatever might be the issue of the war, the foolhardy leader would be crushed by the masses of the enemy which were concentrated about the. Lakes. But he was hot crushed. . With incredible rapidity he made his waywhat was goingfont boarded the ship, drove off th» DEATHOFfHEODOREPARKER. stance correct. Three days ago it was positively as- afternoon a German woman named Clara Gerbhardt ratt-ally vampires^' and replaced the officers in possestwo su-amera must have fallen into the hands of theRoyalists, and, indeed, it is probable that -Garibaldiwid look with unconcern on any such event,. He, ofcourse, merely used them to ret to the island; the notion abroad, but to protect English interests. If ever thoseSealed proposals for buildiug will be received untilJune 13. The.plans and. specifications are at the Miller fell out* jjvyithout being touched by any one.•of sending them back for reenforoemouts is absurd. interests call for the |uppression of such a subscriptionCounty Clerk's Office, and will remain there for ex- Riley was arrestlW by Officer Hogan of the NineteenthGaribaldi and hie 2,000 men will be merelv the nucleus n-und which the insurrectionary levy of. the island is to be gathered; he must have made up his mind to depend wholly on native assistance, and to, conquer the Bourbons by the aid of their o wn subjects, andas this foi Garibaldi, the law will be found quite strong enough forthat purpose. Meanwhile, Sicily Js'in a state of civil war, Originating neithorhere nor with that chieftain, and onfthe broad principle upon which all poliiical questionsfjave settled in free countries, noamination. •'.•„•'Ward and locked up for examination.TOOK THE SHirj.—On Tuesday night, a lot of thierperhaps of their own soldiers. What concerns us more •Athe couive of events in the island itself; and here theone will say that Garipaldi is not on the right side. If but he added that a violent collision between the troops • there is any such person, let him go and fi^ht for the and the people would render a reconciliation between King of Naples, or opje^i a subscription for that, sov -Hungary and Austria impossible. I cannot guarantee ereign the correctness of the foregoing information, but it was acquired at a good source, and probably is in.sub-Tsdied, lying calmly, while life was ebbing away uncon- ficm point to point, ayoidiug combats, «rexcept sciously to himself. He left written direcrious for hishad' done. A physician was called, who applied the' .2 lots running through }«9th to 110th-st., each...•. •.'•.•.•.*.* • * usual remedies without avail, the unfortunate woman 4 lots n. s. lOdtb-st.,! adjoining, eachT^^**1where he fought at something like an equality in num-btis, attacking the Austrians when they thought himat a distance, and inflicting on them, if not greatlosses, at Jp««* aKom*,fnl . and nrovokinfir defeats. it is tl ought right to abide by his instructions. He Garibaldi .may very well be expected toco something of the same kind now. It is clear that the insurrection is in full progress, and that the Royal troops have as yet been unable to do more than bold their own. If- this was the case before the arrival of Garibaldi, it may be presumed that the pros- pects of the Sicilians' will be wonderfully brightened. t'V bis presence, by the vigor which he will infuse into their movements, and by the discouragement he will inflict on their enemies. The dispatches 'of the Noa-t olitan Government are ominous by their vagueness. When a potentate like King Francis merely announces ingeneraltermsthat "allgoeswell," that histroops Lave inflicted serious loss on the insurgents, and when he continues these assertions day after day, it is fair to believe that the chances are pretty evenly balanced. The flourish of the Royal" trumpets would be louder, longer, and more joyous if any real advantage had been obtained. Now, the official dispatch dated May 15 is to tins effect: " Garibaldi is in Sicily, at the head •' of the fillibui-ters. The Royal troops are marchingdesired iLc eleven iiir.t rorooe of che Sornion on the JcJouut (tbe blessings: of Jesus) to be read over his grave, and then a plain-gray stone, with hid name aud age, and nothing further bf inscription. Mr. Cunning- ham, a Boston Unitarian-minister, will read the pas- sage. He is a sincere friend and admirer of Parker.' We hope to get a cast taken of Mr. Parker to-day. Mrs. Parker, his poor gentle wife, has hitherto borne, up well. Miss Stevenson, who has so'long resided with them, was also with him to the last. She thinks,', from the peculiar tendernees of his manner yesterday, that he knew he was <jlying. He had been dreamy forlit" place in the province*." The first t wo portions of this message we can well believe. Whether it be true that no movement has taken place in the provinces is mere doubtful."away. He ceased to breathe without the least. struggle."GKEAT BEITAIN.•••• —THE CHAMPIONSHIP. .KESHAN'S LETTER.To the Editor of The Ijmdcn Timet;Snt—Ever since the' appearance [in fyotrr piper ofWay 7 of the letter of Tom Sayers, I have end jayoredby-every- means in my power to ascertain from him inan official wav, guaranteed*by the presence of the Edi-tor of Bell's Life, whether he intends to. abide.by theself included. The names are, beside her own, Miss Adelaide Phillips, the eminent American contralto, Signer Susini,-the best basso in the country, Signbr Amodio, the best baritone voice, Signor Musiani, the newtenor, yet unheard here, of whom fame speaks so viell Signor Nanni, basso profondo, Siguor Sbriglia,Just received from Washington, on exhibition at '•' BRIS ]r>i'» GALLKKT,ia, 643Broadway,Tbe only authentic PHOTO<>KAI»UB of them taken in this country.Also, the different cfndldtites for the Presidency and ViThat army is discontented with its success against t£e ' patches, to get Sayers here to answer. Until Saturday, •a notice issued yesterday by the City Marshal, the Dog- Pound will be opened for the reception of tbe annual overplus of the unmuzzled canine population, for which the sum of twenty-five cents per head is offered as a j3-emium. The notice says, " No dogs will be received ii-om boys;" and it will be observed that the price has been"reduced to half that of last year, the object of which is to avoid encouraging the dog-stealing profes-.Cor> iiiiKMoriern (|fjEmigrafcionr in triiBt for .be people of the State. and the nole and exclusive control of the same (except in regard to flu- t-ani'arv treatment of. the. iiimuteH thereof), WUH given to the Commissioners of Emigration, for the purpose of receiving ull persons «ick ,w'iih..contagiouVt infections, or pestilential di»- eunes, Which chenld be "Bent to tbe said Hospital by the Health Officer, or under hb* authority." The Governor, with the con- sent of tbe Senate, shall appoint a physician of the Marine Hospi- tal. Whose powers and dutwjn shall be to appoint, subject to the approval orthe CommissionerHybf Emigration,-all needed aswot- out pfavsicians, nurses, orderlies, and other ismployees of the Ma- rine Hospital or other Hospital used for Quarantine purposes, and suspend or remove the same, but the rate of pay (except to tbe usMBtunt physician) shall be regulated and determined by the ConiniiBBioners ofEmiLTtttton. He shall also have the generalcharge and control of the Marine Hospital, used for QuarantineWOLFE'S celebrated pcuiKPAM AHOKATIC SCHNAPPS shoeld b^ in the bands of everW traveler. No family should'ki&voth« city or be without a suijpiy during the warm weather. It inva- riably corrects the ill effiMsu.of change of weather, and aa* b«m* erspb it is the pureat liqto»|imade in the world..Put up in pint and qulurxjj bottles. Sold by all Dnujghrfa, Qw- ccraandFruitStores, a•m . .; ''•" A x. u o, W o £ mi,' a P v K K C O G N A C , - . " B l t X s h ' l S BOTT1KI.""MAnwntA, SHKKKY. AXO* / •-;• .'BP'OKT •vVis*,"" K]}K MKDICAI. Van.' . .. Families who ose \ > > e a should give the preference toth» above. They areallwarranjjeupureandtb.ebestquality. £*<* botU^ has the importer'efpertificate of tt* purity. For sale by aXApothweariea, Fruit Sto|esj,:Gwc«rs, «nd»t tho Depot, No. 2Sii-sutgentp; how far its sympathies are with them must be left for time to show. That the war will be con- ducted with the utmobt severity by the Government the bombardment of Marsala sufficiently proves. It may be tl at such proceedings will disgust the troops even of a King of Naples. Should such be the ciise, the success of the expediton will be secured. Should,however, the troop* remain firm, Garibaldi must inake up his mind to all the chances of a long and desperate struggle, complicated, perhaps, eventually by foreign intervention.; From Tht London JSeioi, May 18.It is a week this morning since Garibaldi, with only 1,200 followers, landed in Sicily to lead a war against the Neapolitan army of 30,000 regular troops. Gari-however, it was impossible, for him to ascertain, with certainty, even in what part of England Sayers then was, and finally, through the failure of such ejlbrts, I received information on Saturday from the Editor and Keferee, that he could not interfere further ih the n.after. . /.ilion in Home he assisted in arresting every person with an army of 30,000 regular troops, well found, and our late battle may be pro] >erly resumed. Though 1They have all been added to' J. R. STAFKOK.1>'«» FAJJU-T RKCKIPT BOOK, which now contains 250 of the most rare ai>&valuable recipes andljreceipts ever publiiJied. Sold foeassisted by a fleet ready either to support them or to ••> Pope's dominions vere at that time; and if the transfer them from point to«point on the coast withoutthe fatigue of long marches.. During the seven daysthat have passed, the telegram from Naples has nottransmitted a single word to comfort the admiringfriends of Francis II. in the House of Commons; andam not yot quite ready to jtiecome a member of the Peace Society, I will cheerfully vary my proposition:) somewhat to: suit him. A^ the belt may be said to be equally owned by both of ujj,.I will agree to run him a foot-race from "i00 yardsfc>; five miles for the stakes and belt, or I will wrestle with him for the belt, or I will row him for the belt, III will swim' a mile with himJ. B4 -STAVKOKD, Practical Chemist,Nov 442 Broadway, New-York.IAdjfi-ettisement.] HotSiRKEEPERSWill find every descriptio| of English Medallion, VAvet, Bru*- sela, Three-ply, and InjgraC|Carpeting, Rugs, MaU, Matting, OB- ClothH, Window Shades, pffiggeta, Table .and Piano C^vora, •>. freatly reduced pric«a, at If mkUi AK»xiu><iN'a Gr«?at Carpet J&. tablisbment, No. 99 Bowerjr,Wka of the Golden Eaj^e.{Advertisement.] >G. X>.HAMMOND;!^ B., MedicalandSurgicaSpecialist (author of HAjaMfesD'i Nx«* MRDICAL BOOK), N o . U8 Broadway, corner Bon*»i,i first-floor, up stairs, from 9 Ull 3Lo endeavored to esoipo from the confusion in whichI oundkeeper..by the Commissioners of Emigration, from and out of moneys collected upon the bond herein before required to be given by the owners or consignees of Venecia arriving with and landing puaseiigers at tho port of New-Y ork, or from tbe commutation moneys paid upon or in lieu of such bond in aoqordonoe with the provisions of this uct, aud all the expense of such Marine or other Hospital fox quarantine purposes shall, as far as practi- cable, be defrayed by said Commissioners out ot and from- too moneys and securities in this act specified, but nothing in this act contained Khali be so construed, as to authorize the payment of any salary or compensation for services rendered by said Commissioners of Emigration, or any of mem. .Sesond : Tho Physician of Marine Hospital shall present to the •Legislature annually, on or before the 1st of March, a report of the general condition of tbe Hospital under his charge,^with the statistics of the institution in detail, and such other informationand supgeationsm regardto rhosame as he may deem advisable and ilstifV to th« same by their affidavit. He shall also <unnsh to the tfoaxd o f ? 5 S S b of the City of Nev^Y ork and to the fomniiHahninB of Emigration, whenever reqmred.by them to do> «o^«?offiS »tun»o/tto numberanddiseasesof tnepatientaperson* whom he arrested ventured to express opin-io*, different from his own te settled the controversy*&ier by the dagger or the pistol. He had a large fieldtf action in "the City of Rome, He brought a number^priestsinto San Calisto, whom he imprisoned, after-ward starving some .and murdering others, cuttingiem in piecemeal and gloating over their agony. Such**re tbe horrible atroci ies committed by that nuscreJ-*tf that the revolutionary government were eventuallyCupelled to interfere and put a stop to his oarbarities.wn did the noble lord do to tbe King of Naples what*<hd not dare to do to the Emporor of France? TheJ'Alfc lord v.r^uld Bay, of course, that ti*« Emj^ror of/lacce went to Italy to liberate Italy. W as there evertmore monstrous " humbug" than that? [An Ironicalaugh.] He repeated, was there ever a more m»n. was effected. Ber .people do not seem to have been authorities I be denied the jjnviloge of another meeting, around it h>a line of vivid irridiscent color, now green,although the continental press has published somevery favorable accounts of the progress of the .for the belt, or 1 will take hold of hands and jumpODD FISH.—Barnum has just added to hia Museum a lot of queer fish, caught in the Gulf of Mexico. Tbe •' Cow Fish " looks, in its outline, hot unlike the ani- mal whoBe name it bears. The Angel Fishj so called,the officersad come on board the firing was opened of Marsala by the Neapolitan vessels.iin to recall from Marsalas^ Of his officer* on shore..'; He consentecl to do so, audhave an opportunity of Bearing good homes in the country for them, by laaking amplication as above.FRIGHTENED TODEATH.^-OJI Hondaylast,agirl,about:sevenyearsofage,nWedMaryHawkins,Ti .M^-t00u>»«t£»)(action«ftheComoxtaw^newot down the position which he wishes this country to as- and he therefore asked gentlemen to pause before they *'be coneidi 1 as an act of international courtesy on The belt. Sir, I have fought hardtoootain-^stnyiug whose parents reside at No. 26b Eaet Eighteenth i n - W j - . t e the officen duly, nvtboxteod by the»T» formoksume upon all occ&ttione. {dear, hear.] Sow, I sanctionedaprinciplethat might prove dangerous to " thenarto; eNeapolitancaptain,butitbynomeans for that prize I jhave within the last three.years part>we,.!.-; .j„• .*.•,••.-••• * .J£$wish on this subject to put a question to the Foreign j us interests. He thought that, as the friends of lib- "implies fjthe English ships were at all m the way defeated some bf the best men of my country—at"], street, died almost instantly from'the effects of fright,•Secretary, I- have read in the newspapers with con- erty, they should be the last to encourage any scoun- V of that fi jg." Why the Neapolitan captain did not without intending to cast the slightest slur on my'gal- occasioned by a disturbance amoog tbe inm%tes of the c«71 i ht,p,um, »l.all be required to re.id« witbit the Qi±nKthmsiderable surprise that ttovhttidifgof Garibaldi's force .dieJ who was endeavoring to carry out nis owu pri- fire at the steamers carrying the expedition at sea, and^ ^ ^ ^ a « 5 f e ^ W « l i ot-Kwlgntom • » hereby41*lant opponent^' I say that no American citizen, or bouse: Deceased was of very delicate cons\Jtation, %Vith ihewrttetatoiy yrori'ioo«, ample in ev^ry p v t & r t t ^ ... ' 'foreigner from anv other land, however fiowerr and and subject to fits. Coroner Jackmau held an inquest "Whether that, be true or not, I know" the report ia very whose names would be branded with infamy when the failed to defend, is for him to explain to his Govern- fiunxy,fchalibear it, or the buckle of it, from Old En-prevalent on the Comment, because I have received j history of tht se times was written. [Hear.J ment. . | " J||". • •; gland while my arm and heart are capable of defend- in the case, and the Jury rendered a verdict ih accord*eare ^ j # > t o i w . e f t h e M a r l n e ototb+i H^pluUandfer dvontuUne Jpirpowi, and a »u2ici«t.t fond tor c w w W o i t *!>•4utie« indicut«d by the law f Wf, t b l n k ft W o u M ^ a n » n W l w t X B ^ awv, »H»mmption on our jwrt, or that of any other unsratborfaeA body, *« a ^ n . p t the dbKjharge ot dotie, ^ a J b ^ S S T p r t ^communications from abroad stating that the fact |Alter some remarks of a rambling character, espe- The Royalijjarmy in Sicily is suffering from the mode ing it. I am as ready as Mr. Heenan to fight again, ance with the facte.. .«iear)y showf tbi> country to be in. fkvor of the expe- dition. " On the Treasury beneh this question has been narrowed down to the W r e consideration of its lesral hearir'g; but I think u ia iu.j*.rt*n-; that it should rest on some broader gro>ndn. I think we ought to have a Minister of greater .authority than the law officer* of the Crown to teB us what there ia in "the statement that the landing of the exp.-diti'»n baa been mainly aa-of warfare adopted by the insurgents. All the move- and lefudiate with in&gnation the insinuation that Icihlly aimed at what was called the revolutionary tens ments of the tJroops are reeulcless. The telegram from of Lord John Euseell's speech, the subject was dropped. • Naples state* that the soldiers /are discouraged, as for:;.-:..» •..,•i•.•!•'38 cays they have been fighting on the same groundofbeing kept constantlyof l . n , i « a r ^ t L e Health O ^ r of the Port, and the Phraieia* mine by indefeasible right; and even if Mr. Heenan >. d, and th« pn-dcal interpretation for mam- »*.«. ~ u * «,«a.sistedbyEogli-hve>*els.fHear,he»r.) Withregard ofnote:ifnotsuccessful,hewillatleastbeheroic;if "move." Mutiwous'cries,itIBstated,arealsoheard thelawfulpoeetsso'rofthe.trophy. What,then,be- lawsOftheState. Mr.T..J.JenningsofNo.21Coen- cureoftheaicik1onlandorwater,a»rffnndaappropriatedft»rm.»in the ranks ofjihe soldiers, the 10th Regiment being comes of the assertion made in Mr. Heenanjsletter^ that to the su-secnptiona, J believe tnere are many sympa- be does not subvert, be will shake a throne; if the Si- fties slip is the complainant. Justice Connolly held the accused to answer in the sum of $300.w*', and wherever «ach aoconaiaode«on»;-»<f, n>propriated for that loaanona ^w«r«provided the Com-perhaps, may sympathize, but my duty here is superior cberith bis .memory as a martyr.' Ho will neither this way. Bellore Garibaldi had landed it was per-Mr.PopeBenneesy,gotuplastnightahighlyspecula-had been transmitted by the officer commanding one of from that thraldom which the North has already thrown tive debate on the Garibaldi subscription ana its pre- doctor with a firm grasp, "jump down;" but the med- 'dorsed. •/ off will be principally bis work. The great excite-funtral, limiting to five [persons the attending him.tothe grave, of whom I am one. Many Americans here the patent of September 1 will'be withdrawn, but it is1 gore n. s. 109th-st.L adjoining, 25x67.7 breathing her last at about 5 o'clocfe p. m. J A post 1 gore s. s. 110th-st.,Jadjoining, 25x79.2.....^.... %•&> - .are expressing their wish to appear as mourners, but1 gore a. s. DOth-st.I adjoining, 25x51.81 gore a. a. UOth at.iadjpiiujjg. 25x24.22 gores s. a. UOtb-st-j, adjoining,-each.i..#2 gofea s. «.'-109th-st.,adjbiuing,each................... «so. 2 gores s. s. 109th-st.J adjoining, e a c h . . . 3575 HouBe and 3 lots; lOvtt^st., aOjolnlng, each S06- Bouae and 6'lots, with grapery, tec, adjoining 6,000-Now:; Sir, as I'am left as it were "all at sea," andas it was yesterday stated in Bell's Life that I was de-riro::r of bringing the matter to an amicable arrange- sion outside Of the limits of the city. It is stated as a ment, with Sayers, I will state what I am willing to do.I am willing, first of alU to accept the proposition madeby a writer in Belli Life, that Sayers and I should Lave a "belt apiece,!' to begotten up by public subscription, provided that ihe true champion's belt re- main in the hands of the editor of Belts Life, to be.fougbjt for again, the: best m<m to take it. If that be not agreed to, I will accept: the proposition put forth in Piincnptizi, to divide the belt—I take one half, and Sayers to keep the other ha f. I will then head a sub- scription to provide a new lialf to his, and in this way I think good feeling, may be [preserved on both sides.If neither of these propot itions' (proceeding, as they do, -from English eources) i re allowed me, then I shut! claim that Sayers meet mejon neutral ground, wherefact that last year a regular business was carried on by .professional dog thieves, who made semi-weeklyexpedition, this silence is for us more eloquent than all froni a housetop • with hirji for the, belt. If all these is said to be unknown to naturalists. It certainly isthe telegrams. The first direct documentary reports offers will not do, I will agree in two months, to bewhich have reached England from the scene of actionare the letters from Malta, published this morning, in England, beginning with'jSayers, at intervals bf 30a sun fish, with curious continuous membranes upon tlie back and belly, extending outward and backward until they form a crescent, between the horns of which the delicate tail plays. The face of the fish is singu- larly intelligent in its outlines and expression; andfrom the reports of eyewitnesses of the landing at Mar-sala. Her Majesty's ship Intrepid, which arrived atcuyr apart, for the belt. | | was told if I won it, I could have it. I would raj ler tight for it than any- thing else; but I am willina|'under the present state offt*Malta last Saturday from Marsala, was, together withher Majesty's ship Argus, which remained behind, at public feeling, to accept of J nlf of it. If that be deniedand 6 till 9.Contultattou e#Fra»cai*. v '••''" •• s ''•"'-' '•etiin- rX«W jfi,"^ i«*nt.} , •me, and through the exceptional .action of the British aware of tbe important part, in protecting and facili- I shall .'have no alternative twit to go home, refusing allthat port on Friday last at daybreak, wifea the bindingtexms "humbug" than for one of the most consum-mate despots whom the world ever saw to pretend togive liberty to Italy? When the people were shottown in the streets of Paris at the time of the cowp tbe landl»(j. They did not state at Malta that the bf the late transaction—to sign myself " The Champion•CMAVHY-—POKTKAITO and |yi?ews—Tweuty-foiir P i c r r x w for*itat, did any rebuke for the brutal atrocities per- firing of the Neapolitan frigates had been suspended fttrated on that occasion come from the English for two hours on their account. Their account of the ^ernment?- W as there not rather an expres- matter, it will be a«*u, is very different. So is thati of sympjithy with Louis Napoleon from one which the commander «f the Intrepid, Capt. Parry, *iose name akd been almost synonymous with the en- has sent to the Admiralt);. Be stares that when <*BragemeBt bf revolution throughout the world 7 the two steamers were going Sato port two Neapo- fOn, oh.'"J; He (Mr. Maguire) said they ought to litan ships of war a steamer and a frigate, ap-of tlie World.'' • 1' • '.'OA8! GASl—NEwlMsFixi-URESfortheSp*^fctareful in tl'ose cases in laying down principles,, for *>aian knew now soon they might be applied to them- e s . If there were any hostile feelings on the part ? Ireland towWd 'his country, he could not see why *°«is Xzpoleob migiit norfancy he heard " a cry of *phy" from Cork, vr from Kerry, and why be might ^attempt tola'fti some 30,000 or 50,000 sympattiizers Hjk liberty on its shores.. He (Mr. Magoirej, as anjhittmma, would be one of the first to repel such anj*ar«-d and approached Marsala, but t w „ althoughthey might have fired into the vesselsfwbWh car-" Saracer.'» Head Hotei,.Snov}fJ(U, London, May 14, 1«00." -. '" fc-AYERSSf REPLY.To the Editor of The Time*. '] Heenan'S letter which ap- S/it: In answer to Mripaired in 7 he Tiuifs of fjhis day, 1 hag. first, to ob- wrve that I have not been jtfiding myself ashe would iiirinunte. I calli-d, with 'nly backer, at the office offrom the H eoilth Officer.Fourth: The.Physician of Mar5«io Hospital shall dischargethe dutiof- of Superintendent of Jlftirine Hospital, under the Com- / mission* rs of Emigration and without tunher pucuniury com- peniiBtion than that allowed biur.us Phyolciun.WAXIORX. P»C** **"presaion, and Loas of Mer treatment, unattended by* parable—in thia spet-lft^tlr"^See thehundr^.ofte*ttmo4*^***• Popularbook..••Xre;:dy to light the four best pen tluit can be produced very beautiful in form,and color. Fancy the body ofBnglifch testimonials and subscripcions, and shall here-' now brightly cerulean, and a formation in the same steam sloops in the Vienna telegram which reported alter feel,at liberty—nay, MMiied by all the equities colors that might readily he taken for a beard.- S ^ ^ a ^ b S t h e duty of the Superintendent 6f theMarine or: other Hospital used for Quarantine purposes, to far- *1, at HOLMX**-. No. 895 Hrd'adway, late Reade-st 11 sb to the Board of HealU), as olten as may be required, a fulland cojrect report of all perwoiiH |in tho said Hospital affactedwith uny contagious and infectious disease, and of all such) per-sons as may die or be discharged us cured; such report etoUl becountersigned hy the Agent of the Board of Houlth: andno per-HOUSwho may ho, or who have been, received as patients affectedwi'h contagiousorinfectionsdisease,orundertToatmoirtassuch,shall be discharged or removed from the Murine or other Hon-pitalsrn^edfor Quarantine purposes, without a pernitt in writingtating Garibaldi's movements, assigned to tbos*s two-*-'" I remain, Sir(! your obedient servant,1 JOHN' C. HEENAN.:'.trade, superior to any ever]i*j)red before'. wiH be found ai^W" great Manufacturiag ^ e p o i l : Removed to No. mgS&fgsPried Garibaldi and his followers, they did notlire. He says, moreover, that after the expedition bad Bell's Life in London on • Tuesday, the 8th of May._ Foit TUK WEST.—The Children's Aid Society are tie Marine, or other Ilospit/d for Quarantine purposes,'all alienNervous Brbilitv, I«!' ^ S ^ n e r a l , Mental De-landed, and when the ISarduiian steamers were not totally abandoned, the officer commanding the Neapoli- tan steamer asked him if lie would send an English boat to take possession of those vessels. Capt. Parry declined to do so, following his instructions from hismtI told bim tl at my. backer aud I wore going out of town u«iil 5aturday. I \rufted Ttmbridge on Wednes- day , Maidstone on Tbursdiy, Tunbrici'go and Hastings on Fridfi v, and Brighton on (Saturday. THy movements were well known, and a Icier or telegram addressed to u. Tom Sayers,'.'or. " The Champion of England,"/preptirii.g.a company of boys and:girls-fov homes in the Went. Any poor children who are so unhappy rtB t 0 o e unproviced for, will do well to cau ntftbe'^ Newsboys' Lodging House, No. 128 Fultou street,'betweon tbev,jn hot. '• ' •In a very short time the Champion's belt will beVIOLA TING THE PILOT LAWs.-r-Officer King yester- day arrested Solomon-Thomas, part owner and captainTHZ Sr.AVE-TnAO>E BY STEAM.-^On Toesday even-favorable for the' display of ingenuity. It is a positive thing of the roofs of houses, and their foundations also, ing, Deputy-Marshal Thompson proceeded to Pier No. but shall send tbem to suob places as the said Commimlcmormprotection of British subjects and their property. Ad- tha: Heaven had endowed him with influence over glowing denunciation of the u scoundrelly rutfiaiiism" ;:s 1 do now, that 1 am a bricklayer. The offer to fight ship City of Norfolk. It appeared that this vessel had dation," which hi, to substitute the Hospital at Caaueton for the-miral Panshaw© had consequent!v dispatched two mankind, the BourBeB of the continental cities would of Gantaldi, andjMr. Bernal Osborne's high-minded jour men, at interval* of 30 days, savors of bounce, reception of Quarantine patients, it is only nocea««ry that yon sbips to that coast. the.Iutrep»d an'd the Argo. He and is unworthy of John^Beenan. He should remem- been for several days advertised to sail with goods and xhoiWd tender tjue same utteqnivocally to' the Conimfisiontrs•ofnot be affected by the sailing of the General and his resolve " not to truckle to out-of-doors feelings." It passengers for St. Thomas, W.T., and that the sus-. Emigration, in order that it be entitled to their sapport, ani the states that when they were going in two Neapolitan little band from Genoa. Were he even merely a brave may relieve Mri Maguire's mind to proclaim the ber that it might take him the first month to vanquish p tu-nfc> on boardireceive the medical care to which, by law, tbey-ships of war, &steamer and a frigate, appeared aud soldier, we should look with anxiety and pity on his, popular leaders of| Italy as infamous robbers, unbe-TOM SA.YIIRS.'. picions of the Cuatom-Houee authorities being arouted, ore entitled. y order of tbe Commu«»ioners of Health.approached Mar*ala, but although he says they mighthave tired vato the vessels which carried Garibaldi aud found a grave in those very regions and on the same his followers, he does not sav, not knowing anything errand of dethroning the House of Bourbon.lievers, and sacrilegious, borrowing the colors ih which> M". Edcnohd About has painted Cardinal Antonelli; but somehow the public forms Its own opinion of theseGordon Hotel, Covent Garden, May 15.FE&NAJNDO WOOD, Chatemaa.S E W E R CONTRACTS.—Bids for the building ofi twe>sections of sowers were opened at tbe Croton Offiaa-1 • ''''' *yesterday; resulting as follows:Sewer in Eif|y-»eventh street, from Soconi avenne, 850 fee*proceedings, and remember how the brilliant Mutat'tbe steamer was searched, when two extra large tanks full of water, and an unusually large supply of coal, were found on board. The steamer is now in the cus-I of the story which has since*been told, that the £mdiau When every hour may bring strange and important matters. Whethejr it is a Pius IX. who ruins hisships prevented tb«m. >* He only says that, jtl- intelligence, it is perhaps useless to indulge in specu- country in the nan^e of St. Peter, or a Montemolin whori>ongti they bad an opportumty of firing, they lation._ But. according to what we have already learnt, tries to smuggle civil,war into his country for meredid not fire. He ' s»ys, moreover, that after Sicily is by this time in a flame, and not only the island, love of Legitimacy! the world judges tbem prc-tty cor- writes thus, under date of May 14:the men had landed, and when the merchant steam- but also Calabria and the Abrnzzi. The course of rectly in the main. [It has judged Garibaldi certainly hot " 1 was informed this morning that the Hungarianproceedings for her/confiscation.aeaj-t; awarded » Chas. P . Devlin, at # 2 79 $* s<ruare foot. awardedtoTerrtnceJVlcManusat$3 60& squarefoot. '• p i ; ~ 'TzLOKtovsiJUsAVLT.'-John Miller, a laboring mam. living in Fifth ^yenue near Forty-second street, wa*entered the rcbim Miller was seen to fall from the wii. dow to tbe. si|!«Walk, thereby receiving serious injW ries. He waatp|cked up in an insensible condition and. conveyed to thejjBellevue HospitaL Mrs. Miller allege* that young Riley pushed her husband out of the win- dow, which a<fcu>jiation be as stoutly denies, but aayaers were not totally abandoned, but had disembarked events has been pretty much as follows: On the night rathJy, Bis is not a reputation of yeeterdy—he has not question is about to enter into.a new phase. While AREST FOR PERJURY.—William C. Hornfager, a Sewer in Fifty-stcond street, from Third avenue 235 feet east;the troops of Garibaldi, the officercommanding the of-the5th mst.,the expedition set out from Genoa, betn suddenly puffed into fame; and we venture Gen. vonBenedekMasatPesthhehadverymanyin- lawyer,havingan office at No. 29Wall street, was Keapolitaa steamer asked him if he would send an En- Garibaldi having seized two steamers belonging to a to affirm that Mr^ Maguire would not find ten, nor five terviews with persons of different ranks and classes, yesterday arrested, charged with perjury. Mr. Sim- glish boat to take possession of those-steamers. The private compauy. The force amounted, it is said, to men in the House of Commons who believe that he has and when he returned to this city it.was with the con- uel W . Talmaldge alleges that' the accused was called English officer, Capi, Parry, very properly declined to 2,C0O nw-n, and after making, it would seem, somewhat gone to Sicily to serve private ends, or to serve any viction that Baron von Hiibner had spoken but thedo so. 'Hear. hear.J His instructions did not author- of a detour to av^id the Neapolitan cruisers, it reached ends but those whijeh he has always sought—the lib- truth when he declared to his colleagues that it was ab- as a witness before a referee, appointed by the Supe-ize him to take possession of those Sardinian vessels, the coast of Sicily, and landed at Marsala on the 11th, erty and independence of his country. These are aims solutely necessary to make concessions to the Hunga- rior Court in the case of Colgrove against Talmadge. quite intoxicated on Tuesday aftemoon) "and was seem or to'use any hostile operations against them; but it pushing on to Calata Fimi and Alcamo, where tho iu- which need not bel'liidden or disavowed, as the Papal rian nation. The Commanding-General in Hungary Tbe ca*e was brought to recover the sum of $150 for sitting in the second-story window of his house faet was bis purpose, as well as his,, instruction from his surgents are now comentrated. The reports connected orators who spok<| last night seemed to suppose. If lias been present at almost all the Cabinet Councils chat asleep. A ypdpg man named Terence Riley went «p- Government, to be entirely nentml with respect to the with the landing are very contradictory. An official our columns .contain advertisements for aid in the lib- have been held here during the last week, and he ia •services rendered, and it is alleged ,th.at Mr. Hornfagerconflict which was going on. [Hear, hear.) Therefore, dispatch from Rome, dated May 14, says that two Nea- eration of Sicily; it is because the business is one which said to have expressed his opinions with truly military swore falsely to points material to the issue. He was to Miller's roonffto speak to bim. Shortly after Rileythough this officer does not give a direct denial to the politan frigates have sunk the steamer Lornbardo and 'becomes the light of]day. It need not be concealed in fmnknehs. If theinformation given me on the subject held for examination byJustice Connolly. ,assertion that his ship prevented the Neapolitan vessels from firing, I think we may consider that his account of the transaction implies such a denial. It does ap- pear, however, that the Neapolitan captain asked him to recall from Marsala any of bis officers who might be on shore. He consented to do so, and immediatelyfnt up a signal for that purpose, and, after the officers ad come on board, the firing was opened on the toVn of Marsala by the Neapolitan vessels. Tha; must be considered as an act wf international courtesy on thecaptured tne Piemonte, while from Turin it is report- eeciet societies, nor,ijjlike another subscription, in favor be correct, he told the Ministers that the present system ed, under date of the 16th, that the Piemonte had not of a degraded ana degrading foreign Government, be' could only-be maintained by force of arms. He alsobeen captuied. It seems likely,.however, that these promoted in dark chapels amid clouds of incense.remarktd, thatthere was no time,to be lost il they were ' RICHMOND COUNTY JAIL.—The Board of SupervisorsTl e laws of England,; which lawyeis are too apt to re- gard as existing for their own sake, are made, not to Btcure the thrones [of tyrannical or imbecile rulersdesirous of coming to ah understanding with the Hun- garians, as it was impossible to say what the morrow might bring forth. General von Benedek is said to have been equally plainspoken With the Emperor.; Ho expressed a hope that liberal concessions would satisfy the Hungarians, but did not attempt to conceal from his Majesty that there was an extremely hoBiile feelipg toward the Government in Hungary. He declared that, if his sovereign should be resolved to uphold the present system, it would be necesaarv to have recourse to stringent measures without delay;of Richmond County have taken measures to erect anew Jail, which it is supposed will cost about $15,000.From The IL/ndon New*, May 18th.The following is an]extract from a private letter to Protestor Newman, dated Florence, May 11, I860:" I have sad news to- communicate. -Our dear suffer- ing friend, Theodore l|arker, died yesterday evening.serted that the counsel for the Crown bad institutedproceedings against Baron Nicholas Vay, for having committed suicide by taking arsenic.. She had lived sion. The captain 'vas absent during the whole affair.HUNGARY.The Vienna correspondent of Tlie London'Times tody of tbe United State^ Marshal, awaiting furtherconsented to become the curator of an illegally-consti-tuted assembly, but there is reason to believe thatGovernment hasjKesolved to make an attempt to comewith her husband'at No. 90" Avenjje A, but in conse- quence of frequent quarrels resolved to put an end to her life. When the sickness <vh'icb followed the takingi\to an understating with the Hugarian Protestants.Yet, there never was sin easier end to a life but lately The, day before yesterday, it was whispered-that Count of tbe poison came upon her, she repented of her crime, 1 lotn. 8.,10itth-st., 2.r>0ft. east 2d-av., 25x100.11" •Ifull of vigor. I saw liim-about-three hours before he Eco Thun, the Minister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, wasjjbout to retire from office, and it hardly admits of a doubt that he was in imminent danger of being dis- missed on Thursday or Friday last. I cannot say that,and sent for a friend to whom she explained what she 1 lot n. 8.. adjoining, 2T>xlt0.11 1 lot s.a. 110tli-st., rear us above'••••••*•• T^^WImorally certain that Count L-eb Thun will be obliged to change his policy toward the Protestants.j* CITY ITEMS. •, •••.',' .•—~BUXL'J HEAD;—All the bullocks yarded in Forty-fourth street for the supply of the market tbis week,were sold yesterday and day before at aslight advanceupon tie quotations of the previous week; but, as ap-pears.from the report of the market in another column, cabin of the ship Webster, in which veesel Mead was which resulted in a yen ct of accidental death.some days, and talked ramblinglyof two Theodore theadvatcewasmore owingto the factthat alarge employedascook..Therobberytookplace in MarchParkers, one here, and one planted, in Boston, who portion of tbe stock was'held by speculators than to ast, and since then Mead- has concealed himself some- REMAINS OF A;Hin|AK Bony.—The workmen emloyed in digging at tb|j |orner of Broadway aud Reade street OT mystically expressed. Among his last well-connected any increase in the dtmand, or decrease in the snppfy. where in the outskirts of Williamsburgh, -where he iaturday, exhumed t h | remains of a human body, two feet below*"would finish his work; perhaps a true th night, onlywords were these:" ' Ot course you know I am not afraid to difl, though I wished to live and nnwh muiih work which I louged to do.. 1 had great power* committed to me, and I have but half used there.'The top price seems to be about 9£ cents net a pound for the meat, except a few extras at 10 cents.was arrested. The prisoneris supposed to have been the surlace. Officer -Biswinger of the Broadway squad too t them to the office. Bjlorder of Coroner Jackman they were seatACADEMY orpeacefully ! I have never seen death under a form so Cortesi is a brave prima donna, for at a time when itdevoid of terror. The hectic color remains on his is usually considered the Muses, take a nap; she is about cheek, and it is hard to.persuade oneself he has passed to open the Academy with a very fine company, her-"Since writing this I have seen him lying, 0 soMusic—THEN E W SEASON.—MadameSignor Tamaro, and. Signor Murio as Conductor. house will open next Monday with II Poliuto.Theuj. on the subject of Quarantine, and in answer to thecommunication from, the Commissioners for the Re-moval of Quarantine to the Mayors'of' New-York andBrooklyn, suggesting that, an'appropriation he madefor the maintenance of the Floating Hospital, the fol-lowing coTiitMinioation was yeBterday transmitted:To the Commi**ioner* for the Removal of the Quarantine Station :GHSTI.KMBN: Your coiimiuiiication of the 15th inst., addressed• •. .••••••i••'••i:i » ' •'•,.';|[^ dvertisement. ]Girls and Wemejn Should understand P H R E N O L -oov, to enable tbem to ijiYOld selfieh and immoral men, and ala* to train and educate children properly. Examinations at F o w u » &i Wjcixs'a, No. 308 Broadway.[ Advertisement.] »A BmiitiANT. L E C T U R E .The Rev. WM. H. MnJ<t-"K?f aelivers bi* great lecture oo Aaron tiurr THIS EvKNiyi^at the Cooper Institute: after wbiok the Court of Death wilHbe exhibited and explained. 25 cent* admits to the whole. T o commence at 8 o'clock.The annual exhibition of St. Patrick's Cathedral Sunday-School will be held at the French Theater thisdate recently fixed for us by that gentleman for the evening. The proceeds of the occasion. will be devoted to hik.HoiiOr, the Mayor, relative to funds nece«nary to defraychampion's belt and stakes. The Editor of Be l'.< Life, ! in view of the sentiments of that letter^ acknowledged the propriety of such inquiries on mv part, and also of such proposed official response on the part of Sayers, and did what h'e could, by letters and telegraph dis-to the enlargement of the Sur day-School Library.tbe tt^jieiiBi.-b of the .Flouting Hospital, baa been received and duly considered. $»]ji the exaiiiinaiion of thin question, w e find that in 1847 tbe • Marine Hospital, and nil lands and txnUdingb uxi'd for Quarantine THE DOGDAYS.—On Monday, June 4, according to purj'oHtK, vere. by the Lepislnture of the State, vented in the••••-••.• •. - -| I'I;| Adyertisement. 1To THE TRAVELING COMMUNITY.purposes, and is required to receive in said Hospital " all persons riiids upon the kennels of Weetcbester County and sick with contagions, infections,: or pestilential diseases which Miay be *ent thbher by the Health Officer, or under bis authority, or that of the Board of Health of the City of JNew-York, except itch and syphilis," to permit the Health Officer to have free ac- reward. As for the street boys, they will not be pre- cess,to said Hospitals, in order to leani the condition of the sick, and judge the necessity of detaining the vessel from whence they were landed. W e find, also, the following statutory provisions,Beaver-st.9 %m* 'jj••AwW—Ifew-Jersey. bringing the dogs to our Pound for the'"./' • fi diKorti^nieut.] METROPOLi^i^ HOTEL RECIPES."For a valuable coxuitterniion, *•• havo furnishod to J. R.Staflbrd, Practical C h e m p i OWK HUNDHKD OK oiKCjaoicwrrRKC1)*B8 for COOKING, BAfW«, MAKIPfe PlBS.PAiTKy. CliKAM. x-r * r The recipes selofted are thowe b*ct adapted for fiuaihr &.C., o.c. _ *~~ ,r V|,; S m x o s LKLAWP it Co,,receive an annual sulory of &5,000, to be paid quarterly ormonthly, as the Commissioners of Emigration may determine,and each of the assistant physicians snail have and receive asalary of $1,200 per annum, and in that ratio for any period ofservice of such physician or assistants;.and all salaries aud othercompensation of such physicianand assistantphysicians, and ofall iiurscH, orderlies and servants, or other8 necessarily employedin and about the business, care and proper management of such 12 cents.. Sent frae by mail gn receipt of price,, by marine or other hospital for quarantine purposes, ahall bo paid—•— '•.The prevailing colors of the body are mostly brown iind yellow, but, along the edges of the upper and lower fins, and within the crescent, are lines of the hrtme flasi ing hues, fading iiitoorange Jints. The fish ieaboutaslargeas aman's hand,andisdecidedlythemost striking ichtbyological specimen that we have ever seen. There are many other curious scaly fellows well worthy the attention of the curious.; lAdyejrjtiBement]./Untitled Document•a*waa made byxbe Lejjisbiture, if in yonr judgment tbe public seventy licenses have, been granted this year. Appli- health requlMl!it,.io provide temporary aecomroodationi at any locality wbidh tbey may procare, lor pemons arriving in the portmortem examination of the body was made yesterday morning by Dr. Bouton, by direction of Coroner Scbirmer. It was at once ascertained that death wa* canned by the administration of arsenic, and a verdict to that effect was rtndered. . Deceased was 34 years of. . .E"ast"13th-st., •;5xl02~ 3,C East 13tb-st, 25x51 2,3»»A;>•'age.. . ; . • . • " •. \ » ;i;man named John Shorthall w»v A BAD COOK.—George Mead, a colored man, was. killed on Tuesday id lit' by faUing from a hay-loft ai No. 19S Ninth avenue, while jut Ibxicated. The deceased was employed.»<n accomplice of " Sunrise," the steward of the vessel, who was arrested a few days ago on a charge of pur- loining tbe silver ware of the captain of the Webster. The property stolen by Mead was recovered, and he wa8committed to the.Tombs. ••"'THE COMMISSIONERS'OF HEALTH ON QUARANTINE.—At length, after a number of secret meetings, theto Mr. Kellogg'a of is problematical.>Vhether the mystery can be unravel*j[Advertisement.]iifesE EMBASSY.•iFifth: The CominimoiierB of Emlgratiou shall receive into pnvsengers for whom bond, "uliull be given or comimitation paid,order the Mivernl acts-^of thi» State. r«latln« to alien paosengvrs uiTitiuK at the poit ot, Nr w-York, who slmll be infected with auy contap' u*or infpctiou'a disease, and sent^to Mich rjowpita) by the stithoVity ot tl>e IIetJU) Officer. -They shall defray the expenses of ouch patient out vf the moneys by Uw^m rt>ceived on aoc j«ptof bond or comtnutoUou. They aboil tthjo v»k»oive and provide for'"'•"•'House and 1 lot, JNO House aud 1 lot, No.ai11 IFATAL' 'FAi.t.-|--m 1h8Twere consumed b y fire. In 1859 a new appropriation of ^50 000RKAL EsTATie 'gAr.Es.—^The following dales were1mode yesterday by" Ai 'J. Bleecker. Son i. Co:2 story brick housojand lot, Wo. 261 W. I7th-at. 25x92.... $3,M»Metropoiiian Hotel, Broadway, New-Y ork." The above Recipes are f4>r,jpreparing a very large variety e fdishes, entrets, dt-sserts;\4§&1 in the latest FKKNCH, E S O U » # ttl,d AMXXICAX ST>IJK8. {{•.';;,fI IIAdvertiBing, CowuiMtial and Domestic PHOTO-opposite Niblo!sk'. i |[TBroadway, aud by all• • ' • • > ' a • [ A d iiniyfflm'•i. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 