 "Cpeuag Dn*tammg. Inside was s whits tea leaves strayed over a white velvet hang in isinless grass a hud thatJomlwationa.«F THB JnsassjnMjnssaj NOXINATINQ CON-Yourauwtion beingthudistinctlycalledtoyourmis- take,IamquitesureyouwiUcorrect it,andwuiyou to do so m the issue ef tomorrow,1"'- - .•WMHipppTHE NEWYORKHERALDi ———«^^«_____WHOLE NO. 8779.OPENINGDAY INTHEMETROPOLIS. TIE G1E1T CEIIOLIIE snSATIOS.IV Jtw Yttm^Mts Prtftfi-« *• AstiriU.litfriiceof Wales*r ^*^*%*>**+******m0+^1^**^f*<*' **"*<**WHAT THEY WILL WEAR. MM*l»lMMWlFIP»lfc"^»^VIMS>I,%^M>I»*M-N.»The F . McF.'s In a Flutter. ofMIM fassiawhls yew, puttd ess* yesterday withUM ta cwtomary eclat, conmdering the wmlhor. For act surpass. A white velvet bow filled up tbe space on UKlasttwoartermnip— itMMbowuBmspttiwsto theothersideofthebat,andthroughthiabowandround adegreefeattestedtbemthwlmw ofNewTarttadtos thetundeanwanintroducedwhiteandgoldoordthata U M C u n o f fssblOB.Wd they have stood the test tri- broad and white, were part mtm aad part watered silk. txtpnanCy. There were store ttylish e q u i r * ^ rolling Last season we chronicled the appearance of two shadesMORNINGKMnON-FRlDA Y ,SEPTBMBER21,1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.of CTissmn, the Magenta aad the aolferino. That appearingandenownfSSftaflsmManrymthetide*yearadeeperhue,commemorativeofsdeadlierfield, has mad* US appearance. It M called Urn Waterloo. walks of that thoroesitiare, than were erer seen This shade we have seen used very emicUvely. In tbe w such a day before. On feme sem annual establishment to which we have already referred, a vel- vet hat of this color was much admired. Tbe crown was eetebrsAwu Broadway always looks its best aad MpV- white and shirred: the cape white satin, covered with an lta windows display t i e riebest prodnetaof b a m and black lace. A tow of Cbantilly lace, interspersed with v e l v e t , d e p e a d a d e n o n * s i d e , a n d o n Mm o t n e r w a s a bird of Paradise plume, shaded from Waterloo red down tad costly laoc* are there mprofmtoo. Isdeed;«-'open- through every variety of yellow to perfect white. Thetegday*itresnindsoatofthWBalteaeity which,ona insidetrimmingwasabowofWaterloovelvet,which was lost m a bouquet of crimson aad green velvet leaves,Swday cantortes ago,spaaed awBroadway andbang waUeontbe cheeks were alternate tufts ofblankaad rich brocades and priceiess velvet* from dawn and wa- white lacs. Sbrsssn of Waterloo trismus, sad, inside, dews and dispmyad all its ram mareaaadJae aad maau- strings of green, edged with gold, completed stverystriking and stylish looking hat. W e most not omit to tectum, tbat tbe Japaaam prinoes, in passing through, mention s quiet, lsdylike hat of gray silk, quilted inmight ram SOBM idem cf tba iianiiil wterpriw, wavy smtoMaBsna Over tbe crown was a fail of rich wealth aid industrial skill of lis people. point d'anpUaas, white from one ttds a bunch of gray velvet leaves of lanooohvted form araaped like V* hose M W asen a mora iwiiiiif ml opening day. a feather, and, intermingling with a black and gold Themunition roasas,Itiatews,warnnotsocrowdad, birdofParadiseplume,producedanefleetthatcouldnot Call to please s refined test*. Another equally beautifulOCT BBMCS.INSJDOE COUNTY T1C1KT—JOHNR. BHAST FOB JTDGS OB THE 8UPBJJMB COCBT, CHAKLBB A. MAT BOB BttQOHBBB, 3. B. UYTJfa- 8TON FOB CITY JUDGE, MALCOLM CAMPBELL FOB 6CRBOGATE.An adjourned meeting o f t b e Breckinridge County Nominating Convention, convened in pursuance of a call cf the Breckinridge and Lone General Committee to nomi- nate candidates for city and county offices, was held last e v e n i n g , s t t b e r o o m s o f t h e Y o u n g M e n ' s O e m o c r a t i c Unkm Club. Thorp's Betel; Mr. Charles Fraaote presided Wd Messrs. Huston sad Cantwell acted W secretaries.P. T.Csuer.Esq , Wnota candiuate for utt efiosof City Judge or for any ether office.c i t y TBBFonrraAvparcsMan.—Thefollowingletterwwreceived yesterday morning a t Mm office o fAqueduct Department from t h e Comptrollerthe tigning of wsrrwte for tbe nays' work on the CroUttTHOS. f l i m i n w , ESQ , A c.:— Sm—Year letter of the laththrough Broadway, a n d H a r t lady MSisnttisiisfor* gn manufacture, iflntsitae, gems aad shining silksTbe royal party lunched s i Dundurn Castle, tbe rest dence of Sir Alton McHab, Jatt Met f w Detroit Tin tbe GreatWesternRailway,attwoP.M.blackverret,vettsdasd edged with gold, andtwining golden oord. The anity oftbe design was preserved e v w iB the strmss, one being bmck aad the other white.4"ifp ^Fyj*/ «"•»•*••nsw~bsik«:o f t h eWales ball, mixture otlight as foam and•aaarTam mjjmj| ^gBflHtagajMSgmn>an^Bjg_a> jaanmw snaSasamr bad on exhibition a large number of opera hats, many of which wiU grans thedressciiand as a sort of sniBlgamatlnii of MM two styles we have f ^ a n g f e d j V * n f t A D a a s a s b a t l l V t J n a B B V n s n s a n W t i e V V g b s s 4 a n a < l i s w m 4 ^ l \ 4 w » i . f . 1 1en the trottotr. Plain akirtt are a neoessity for heavy materia), such as moir-e antique sad watered silks, sad theywillbewornmlightersilksalso,wamatterof choice, by mwy.b u i m u A t . IBthisdepartmentthewarmwintercloaksarenotyetto be men, but wo understand tbat plaid will bo very much worn in all the differwt styles of outer garments. We have sew some very sustable articles for the presentparty organizations sod we what they wanted to w i t u p o n o n e t i c k e t , S t a t e w d n a t i o n a l , a f t e r w h i c h t h e y a dEr!!^2LJi?d ""S*1*"J* "f**TMfromttte«bsggws"' t » e d e l e g a t e s . I t Wl B W 8 s o m o e r t o i , m r d e b e f o r e t h e e w m Vr!fe**4?n t w £ ? 2 i . * * " " ^ "OTereigan pieweu m the most eameit manner.w S o w s ! ^ * * * * " Mt« * confwtoofallmaterial—an d lass, Mm front ofside crows transparent. Theeuliar,for fromthecentralpointarichcarried round aad round hi many whirls until itthe Circumference around the crown, asanas a roll of white verret, ending in Inns, trimmed with deep blondeA s f o r b r a c e l e t s i t w o u l d b e n e x t t o i m p o s s i b l e t o s p e W of ah tb*vsswttns,swismnstbtet etas is the exacting of our fsshtosabte ladles w strongly developed.SBBBHUB O njourned to meet at the call of the Chairman. T on bracelets that we m w were valued at from w o to ww quite harmonious, and there seemed to b o aonbw and with tbeir whtts sssratassltssnos; m and pure as a mow wreath, they look as fairtwothousanddollarseach,wdoneatthetestnamed K ww a gam, bote in appearance and inBrits w s work of art. Ws have never s e w pearls and dtemoads blended ia such perfect barmony. On tbe front wwwexquisitelycarvedcameo,set round with an alternate row or brilliants aad Oriental pmrla, while around tbe bracelet w w * Bowws of peseta -"r-fflrllag with bends of diamonds.mination amongstalllbsmemberstoforma-tieko that witt commwd the votes sad approval ef si thorn oppwed to the electiw of Lincoin, w d one that w l Insure h* defeat in this State.Aglanceattbecommittee will not,wemugine,im- press the firm of Richmond, Cagger A Co. with tbe Ida* taat they have mwy ardent supporters among them Tbe shove firm wiUfindtbat they are dealing with parte* {^•^ffn^hmnaag by their lying promise*w tbeyaadebmpodwithgeldphiaadchain,whichformeda seasonmadeofheavyrepsilk,skindofsackshape,with ricb, graceful over caps. A magnificent crimson dahlia,Baoeasn,MteaoOwnlj,M.Y.The statement in t i e : UU) Ofthat I am a csmtiirepublicanparty,isI Ishallvotefor Donates at the next aao.iwfi• * * • - - a n d leaves of tbe same rich hne.half "» I U 1 » -tesfloatSBt nrhrtofloom flowing sleeves and pointed collar, trimmed with awere united by golden links, which a r e intended to fall iocwJy on the arm. A lady wearing this ornament would bs tbe observed of all observers.The brocches are w usual of every style, w d range up .. «._„„.4owthousanddollars,whilethewith them. Fwoam Is their lives they will have to do ashat tan tatarest i • IMini wag s w t animated and was composed of black velvet and silk, with lb s excep- with most annasas when all besides decay,'' are in re-1 a T. HAsussst Iba artieiw on withrtton warn at rianand fresh looking as canity seeteriah? and scUful bands couldibaat,andwalliliaiBI!tbeadmirationtheyax Tba taste with wbicbtoegreatly t o t a n ganetnlltoes, lflts bordering flowers; SOBM in central das-tion of a deep crimson flower on tbe inside, black aad gold were tbe only colon ssed hi ttds bat, and tba com- bination was both effective and becoming. Gold cord wm carriedroundthecapeandbrim,agoldbuckle shone through,snssnsMngsteak snwosMnsnsias ess stsrrml w-.th gold swept over one side, and the black velvet leaves that clustered round tbe crimson floweredged and veined with gold.exquisite trimmings for ball dresses. One, ia tbe of a chatelaine, of a n y color that would harmonize with the drew, struck usw being particularly elegant. It MM present fashion, round and medium sttst, and the is first clasped W Mm shoulder, thw crosses tbe corsage crown, which was transparent and net shaped, wm aad M caught at the waist, and, sweeping la crossed by roBs of white satin, In a perpendicular di- graceful curve across tbe skirt, is lost at lengthrection; a wreath of orange Wnmains swept round tbe it tbe bouquet tbat loops up tbe over skirt.Tbe Cretan Aqasdact Boardtatmedlately rapttod to above oonmmntenttoa, and it isexpected that in a h wdays the difficulty will be satisfactorily ssjwtod, TBSWanWAsnrommMAXSBTPrrncrtrr.—TbeComp-troBer, with the power of the Sheriff, took of West Washington Market yesterday morning oppmitioa.TaxBOXTSSSANDTRIWn» Awixm—TbeiUBeleKnaM ewTeWaw9 Ie»wawDuIIl£•a the alls isI ir*—•**foil* ITM eWIn Madame Regnier's w e observed a iperilling hat of tans and point lacs. The front was towe bare an doubt, to tbe brilliant prospects abend for amusement seekers of aB kinds.We bam beard a goad deal said, botb pro and con, on tbe subject of "openmgn" and tbeir effort on bmineas. That they caws a grwt deal of harried labor and fatigue there can b e no doubt; that time In lent In preparing'forof toils, edged | with rick point tew, t s ) thrown back over t b e crown. T h e strings were o f tulle, very long and wide. I a ttds establishment we saw many bonnets made of two different colored ve!- vett—the crown black and the front and cape 3olferino, or eicaroras. One hat, which struck us as being original, w e shall endeavor to aescribe. It ww formed of lace fulled in between horizontal beads of uncut velvet, aad on these bands were disposed at regular intervals a solitary daisy, divested of stalks and foliage, reminding the spectator ofdifferwt shapes. Gold enters largely into the composition cf all, for it egress almost equally with tbe brightest and the gravest colors—with the brilliant scarlet, with sober gray or with snowy white. O w wreath, tbat looked a s if designed for a bronze figure, was worthy of especial prates; the leaves, veined with gold, wore admirable, and the whole had a classic, statuesque air tba*, ww quite at- tractive. Another, swde of maroon dahlias and white to* rows, w w the very opposite of the test, but would better suit tome styles than its grave simplicity. Others again were composed of scarlet velvet, wound round with gold cord, and h a d quite an Oriental appearance.Ordered to b e printed in the minutes sad placed on flle.TBB rnraci's vrsif TOBERMTOA.From the following row-t.nted w d exuberant editorial, which we find to the Bwmuimn of the ata inst., it ap- pears to be settled tbat his Royal Highness will cot ex-toad his visit to tbe West Indies:—THE PRDfCE NOT COMING.All the gay hopes—all the agreeable expectationswrought mto airy casttos of singular beauty—all tbe well shaped ideas formed by a sealow executive committee for erecting triumphal arches aad changing the dingy drab of this good town of oura mto s brilliwcy of color to har- monize with the festoenlBgaef flowers and evergreens and flags which were to appear ta tasteful profusion—all the becoming pride of a snrttimi Jeople evoked by a flotillaby s vote of 29 to 80.Tbs original motion o f Mr. Bossell w w then put w dcarried, upon which the Convention adjourned.The Convention reassembled at a few minutes beforeww held by them w Wednesday last, whan it ww de- clared b y resolution that tbey knew nothing concerning the formation of any gqch organitattos, aad tbat it la act tbeir intention to rig a boat oa wheels, or to support a banner w whioh every person may r a w bought or s o wthem, and tbat goods are injured by snramns handling on tbat broken but immortal flower of the species which tbe those days, are wqmstiosebiy true; but by what other poet "met ta a luckless hoar ." This trimming, w we said,STLnan DEATH—Coroner H*stewoed held an inquestyesterday at Tomskinville, S. I., upon tbe body of ThomasFinoetty, w old resident of Btaten Island, who saddeaUywas original and striking, but, in our opinion, not par- what other way can tba superiority of its goods id ticularly pleasing-, however, it la a matter to-be decideddropped dead while leaning against h is own fence. H e bad been out rowing, and being sabtott tomanna can an sstaHawnur* become so wall known.' laby individual taste. The front trimming consisted of s Some were fashioned in simple circlets, some In demi-so mtisiwwrily appertained? b a t above all, b y what sys- white satin bandeau, divided in three points, each point wreaths. BOOM Ilk* tterw, w d some ttke caefaepelgues.tem can • reputation he acquired and a conaecttoa ex- terminating in" gold drops. A n exceedingly handawgns U would h e almost impassible t o enumerate hair t h evelvet hat, fltm*mamas color, w w much admired. It forma which the flowers were made to assume, and still teaded wMbsuch fanfRtyt t b a beat proof, however, of was trimmed with a marabout feather. partly tipped with more difficult to determine on a casual inspection whichof one hundred and fiity boats, from tbe pomace with It was moved that the Convention proceed to a regular found iu tba AUwtie bwte yesterday. «t w w dressed JSthe utility of these opeataga to tba business oosamonity • the sptm with which they are kept up.white silk, and partly tinged with the delicate hue of tbe peach blossom. In tbe same establiahmeat w w a hat of black and green velvet—tbe crown black, and tbe front and cape green, which looked very elegant and disHngv':.ww tbe most graceful. BKWBY-jBg.There are a great deal of novelties in mourning gooJsits tiny spritsail t o t h e bold yacht that could piough the ocean, intended to meet the royal squadron w rt Steamed n p t h e Northern channel—all t h e exuberance of spirits among ywhtmen at the prospect of tbeballot, a majority of the whole number of members con stttoiing the Convention t o b e necessary to a chotoe.It was moved as an amendment that a majority of those present be sufficient to a choice. Carried.complete black, w d meet tbe legs of tbe corpse w w withered. The body w w evidently tbat o f a respectable man. In one of the pockets of the drew a white pocket-AS we have seal, the "opening' yesterday was moresuccessful than usual—that is, tbe display was better.for The ontaide trimming consisted mare! r of a large greenthis season; more, indeed, than weever remember to have grandest regatta ever witnessed In these waters.Two tellers were then on motion appointed, and tbe handkerchief, with the name ••Stabb" on it. w w found. ballot who taken. T h e tellers wnounced that only 114 An inquest was held, w d a verdict o f "found drowned"oar wnodiitm were incited to do tbeir best by many im porULt reasons, a a d encouraged b y others, foremost among which are tits Influx of strangers, tan simnltane- aua return of our faWJouables from Europe and tbe water- ing flares, the plenteous harrest, tbe cheering busi- aem prospects, tbe unwonted activity pervading every espartmmt of htdwSry, tea rarlt of the Prince of Wales, sad the unmismkeable indications o f a brilliant winterWith .41 these causes in operation, it is not won-rfui that tba "opening" yesterday should bate been so iful, or tbat tbe season which It inanssawsM should ha pleasant to one class of our commaEty andprofitable to many others. 'da't m transmit on aU bands that scattered openingscactus blossom placed on one side, the front trimming white w d red rosesDBESSE3.In this department the season opens with briiliant prospeets, which we doubt not will be fully realized. All our importers and storekeepers have made extensive prepara- tione, and we never saw Broadway w full of the pleasant hurry of business w now. The establishments vie with each other in tne beauty aad costliness of their importa- tions, and the result is an uaoqaalled display of fall aad winter goods. Tbe beauty and variety of tbe drew gooes on exhibition this seatoa are some thing bewildering, and must be LrresistiMe to lady buyers, whow only diffi- culty will be which to select. Our advice to ladles Inseen in one season before. To enumerate, in wool alone we have Duchess cloth, bombaxette, Empress cloth, ca- mels hair (a very desirable mtterial), Norwich chile, Spanish rep (in style identical with rep silk), Bupoor clotb.Velour and others. In silk, uros d'Afnque, grw deKhln. gros royal, Ac. As mourning follows allthe imitat.ois of fashion, w e were not surprised to dad goid mixings with tbe sombre lines Ui.it form the outward show of grief. It does not appear Indeed, In deep mourn- ings, and even in slight mourning it is rather tolerated than sanctioned. However, if scarlet is permuted to e»ige 116 way in, why not gold? Mourning millinery and fash- ionable millinery are, of course, identical in size, form and general arrangement. Therefore, what we have m id concerning tbe shape of the front, the style o f t h e crown and form of the cape, under the head of bonnets,open to all Benr.V.ian boats, with purses of captivating guineas—all the gratification of presentinggracefully worded addresses, a n d hearing replies fromthe pleasantest of voices in language geni*I, laudatory, la-spiriting—all the honor of a presentation at a brilliantlevee—all t h e speculations a s to the favored somebody,who, directed by royalty to kneel, would be touched bythe glistening sword Wd rise Sir Someoody—all the intenio enjoyment from the most magnificent of balls, uotforgetting tbe rose-tinted dreams of thev beautiful one* of"sweet seventeen" W to his hand in the dance—all thehigh toned festivity ami fine "Sow of soul" sparkling atthe choicest of banquets—all tbe rationtl satisfactionspringing up in after time w a plea?wt reminiscence,at one ot w iUustriow a rank and destined to so high aposition having trod our shores, looked down from someone of the floe prospects upon our three hundred islets,and enjoyed the peculiar charms of the scene—all thewfelicitous things, in connection with the fully expectedvisit of the Prince of Wales to Bermuda, were scatteredto the winds yesterday b y a n arrival from New Y ork,bringing authentic accounts that his Royal Highness haddeclined to call here. This information was received at First ward voted for A. D. Russell, which, by order of of which it is intended to teat ta tbe City Ball Park Wha— u a>rariom efleet on these celebrattoae, would It such bairsssing uncertainty, and they will themselves aat he wall to settle upon a day which should h o fixed,A motion to adjourn did not prevail, w d the Convention proceeded to the nomination for Recorder. Among the names presented w w that of Abraham D. Russell, whom Mr. Stephen P . Russell declared to be a Douglas man, and the Chairman declared that h e could not therefore be a candidate. Wben the roll ww called a de egate from theExainrnox OK A STEAK FUJI E'GINK—The Amoskesg Manufacturing Company, of Manchester, N. H ., it is mid, hw, stopping at the bouse of Engine Company No. 17, in Jay street, one of their steam lire engines, the capacitycould see *t turned mto abwsmeasthorough !nreto-mor-Malcolm Campbell w w nominated by acclamation for the offioe of Surrogate.ten? " Ay, there's tbe rub. 'Boanwnr, let that pass. W s have neither time norspace to iliacnan sonod qaesttona. It is our province to dasenbe what w e have seea, s o that our lady readers who live a t a dtsisaoo from New York maybe kept cm owrmw'ds >er, or, as wo say ia our more concise verna- cuav,,,'pBsaed.'»the renewing esmbtmhaaanta opaaed yesterday, and wore crowded from eight o'cisck n tbe montiag until tbe last gleam of daylight faded is tbe west.BJUUOWAY—William Brown b Co., A Boyle, W. Sim- mons, W. nasafiiiil L Bmas, Mr. C. Levins & Mrs. J . H. Gotsen, Mssitsmas Renville k Jones, MadameIrs a P. Lovett, Malmsi Leo, W. Jackson, Ma w. Kahn, Madame R Harris & aon, Madame Demo-rest. lord -t Taylor. A. T. Stewart. Firm ATSSCS Madams Regsier.Bo!f»9ssass>-Mmv Falter.Cixu. amass—Madame Demortas Goodall, Mim Nealo, Madame Baltiags, Miaaos Gaiiier.Mrs, Mosmlaock, Miss Daiy.ftirs ivmrrs—B. H. Maey.Bxascssa 8rssnr—-Mrs. Davidson.PTW-VG Srsxax— M rs llam rtll.Drraoos *msst—W. Oppeanym i Co-, Mrs. Feeiy Ciisw^ PIACS—Madame Marteill Sctmar. EASTTwsina diasw—Mrs. S.D.Barnum. BowF'U—Mrs i. W Dempsey.FOTSTB Srssrr— Mrs. J- Betd.amm dvssrs—Mrs ayer, Mws dhnggs, Mrs. R nggoli.tXitsmx *r«n—Mrs. M. C Stnnck.A « i n aismw—Mrs J . McKeague.FvLion aramn, Baootavs—Mrs. Griffin. •BONSTT9.Bonnets thai season are prettier than ever—platner,qnWUir, mors duumfm, h u t lorn striking. T b e large -f-r-~- have totally diaaipesrod. aad tbe front has reood ad ones agate to i * '•aatural boundariea. ' The crowns are round, the capea fsil and entrtssmed, tbe stringsbroad a a d fioatwt, the trbnsaingn varied, but never pro- fuse. Fwgast simplicity is tbe characteristic of the in- eomlag fsaSlrws Tbe matertala are costly, theabapeof th. hat, tbe anwagemeat of tbe trimming, and tbe subdaed barmony o f t b e ceatrasted cakwn, aU oaatrtbaio to pfodaos this desirable eti«c:,variety, plain and printed, can nflrer be out of fashion; it at like nmsMn m summer—IsMteitrtsai) ie, and not to b e entirely thrust aside b y any novelty.lets, with gold owtrw, that peeped out from amid the ea circling ruche, looked equally effective w d becom- ing. Another velvet hat, of rich Tyrten pur- ple h u e , trimmed outside with purple w dC«mv*mti<way oftrimming ia s h e goat, which ia maeh used thta the way atoms want. It M asad In trimminghwary kindof trimsing isso1 careful' it withto- ' k n amrih, " The WW WW s perfect museum The following a r e h e r officers—Lieutenants E. M. Brad-which the varied charms of tbe ford, G. H. Bier and Joseph & Sberrett; T. P. Burisk Cap- while considerable swapping and bargaining were ob driven forward into the rear passenger car,itaHaaflmtd *Jnf asF P V t t C t k" I tadmit that it is the only true solution of tbe difficulty, is,as the-Fourth?" Or why not, as they occur ia Marchaad September, make them coincident with the vernaland autumnal equinox? This would leave no room for to their admiration, justice and impartiality demand that will apply to mourning hats w well. Having daabt or uncertainty. At present the only thing settledabout it ta the day of the week.We moat not forget to chronicle tbe opening of a milli- eettbUahmeat in Fifth avenue this season, whichexpect, -mtaMmbmeat of tbe kind there in fail—BO*baundulyexcitedthereby. Wehaveno gray traditiona, no aristocratic associations, connected with Fifth avenue. It is not to us what the West End • to TraaiT, or tba Faubourg 9L Antotne to Parte. W eshopping will be divested of its only drawback.The materials are moire wtiqu* silks of every descrip- tion, plain, striped, chene, embroidered a n d mixed vel-some mourning hats which , were on exhlbi-tion yesterday a t Jackson's mourning store, Widows»:trmediately upon the permission being granted.The voting for Recorder then proceeded without inter- ruption, resulting w follows:—Charles A. May 69, Mal-quickly, and is drawn by hand.that whenever two or more dresses present equal claimsthey slight wither . B y attention to this simplepremised this much, we will proceed torule, describeNew York in a double shape—a short note from the Duke of Newcastle to Mr. Trott. intimating that time would not Wmlt of the Prince paying vma visit, w a s despatch from the Admiral to the same effect.the Chair, w w not recorded. The delegation then de-manded permission to leave the room, which they did four o'clock to-day. The engine gets up ateam veryhats are invariably plaia—not only devoid of ornaments, vetandsilkinalternatestripes. Bytbeway,theold butalmostdestituteoftrimming. AfewfoldsofheavyPorsmsstl Intelligence. GovE.D.Morgw,o'Albany,arrivedmtownyester-day, and is stopping at tb* Metropolitan Hotel.Gen. T. J. Wells, of Louisisns, and Gen. T. M. WanV more of New Orleans, are stopping st tee New York Hotel.Among the guests at the Fifth Avwue Hotel are Mr. Abe* Richard Woedroof* s a d Mr. William Graham, from Dublin, Ireland, who intend making a tour through t b s United States and Canada.W. H. F Lee and J. McDonald and lady, all of Virginia, are stepping at tbe Everett HouseDr. Hammond, ef West Point; Laroy Napier aad wilo, of Georgia; Mr. T. B. Ronshaw w d Mr. W. H Farerahar, both of the United Steles Navy, are stopping at tbs Fifth Avwue Hotel.D. Wilktas. of Chicago: 0 . King, of St, Paul; W. H. Web- ster, of Xew York J Johnson aad party, of South Caro- lina: J . Davidson w d family, of New Orleans, and W . A . Addison, of California, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel. 4Mr. A. Msnnrd, of Lockjon, hi stopping at tbe Union Place Hotel.J . B . B e r t i e , o f C o t u m b w ; T . V . B a k e r , o f T r o y : EL £ . Rood, of Philadelphia; J. H. Bipktas and F. & Hipktas, both of Virginia, are Stopping st tbe Leferge Borne.After settling a few trilling difflcultiesf caused by eon. Hon. W.L. Dayton,of N*wJmsoy;on-Gov. McLeika.offashioned watered silk is about MM newest novelty. W e don't know anything more elexant or diawiSMS than black silk, whom sombre hue is relieved by tiny but brilliant bouquets profusely scattered over i t . Another totally different style is that in which geometrical figure* form the pattern, and w gold is tbe principal color these are both odd and elegant, reminding w strongly of heraldic device* Then we here tb e Irish, French and English poplins, all of which am very much worn; and the Otto man cloth, a very pretty aad desirable style of goods forEnglish crape, hud fiat m t b e foundation, i s tbe only at- tempt at trimming that taste permits or custom au- thorizes. Is thew hate them is nothing to describe: therefore we will paw to those intended for slight or second mourning. A very handsome one, made of black uncut velvet, plain w the crows, and arranged on the front in groups of folds placed lengthwise at little dis- tances apart, each group being confined by s rosette of tew:abouquetofostrichfeatherflowers,intermingled with black velvet heartsease, streaked with gold, formedWe cannot my that this issue hw taken us wholly bysurprise. WhwweflawiaourNewYorkfitotlast colmCampbell29,blank3.Thursday that deputation! o f leadlcg personages from The nomtwtion of Mr. May w w then made unanimous. AmerJca were pouring into Qaebec. inviting the Prince The Convention next voted for candidate for the office to visit the gnat cities they respectively represented.we of City Judge, with tbe following result—J. R. Living- telt st once that the prospect of a visit here w w be- ston 59, Ex Judge O'Cmer 23, Henry D. Vultee 4, Justice coming quite dim. America is full of pleasurable ex- Connolly 2.citement at having bis Roya' Highness there; and everyme of rejection will perceive that etiquette, aadespecially international comity, would render his acceptanceofthewinvitationssmattersettobegotover.Tbe Duke of Newcastle would know that the policy of Tli« X *England expected a warm cordiality of sentiment be-tween the invited and tbe iavitors, aad that nothingmust occur to prevwt that. The multitude w d pressure A BOtatSBOCS TDK AMONG THB DELEGATES—NOMI-of these American engagements,fund the limited time the Prince had at commwd, have, therefore, compelled tbe omission of thew islands from the royal tour.Disappointment w d regret are general at this news.The commun t y w w stirred with enthusium. All steams,as far as we have been able to judge, felt a deep interestin having for tbe colony's guest tbe heir apparent to the casion of a scene of excitement, confusion aad blustering crown—tbe illustrious son of the most beloved of sovereigns. Every effort would have hew made, w the outline above will indicate, to make the Prince's receptionworthy of his exalted position* and a credit to Bermuda.But we must cheerfully bow to higher claims—the greatii.wrc.itt of the empire.BBB^amaTt a W onnn ABBBBV^EaWnlXiwt Parts set the fashion in this as well as in winter wear. Of courw oashmere and merino in ail its s very pretty outside trimming: sad tbe deep purple vio-Hall City •JBd County vt •We have a w n some splendid specimens of street andhall dresses ia Lord * Taylor's, which we shall endea- black cord, and bunches of berries w d velvetNATION OP OBOBOB G. BARNARD FOB SUPREME COCBT AND JOHN T . HOFFMAN FOB RECORDER,The Tammany Hall City w d County Convention tookvor to describe, and as, in view of "coming events," thebail dresses are of tbe greatest importance, we shall givethem the sets. Oie of the prettiest of these irease* tbatany lady could wear w w made of the richest white silk.The skirt trimmings cosmsted of soma iiouncwof theSUM material w tbe dress, and each flounce w w em- velvet w d trimmed with a rich lace coiffure,'dotted with broidered with white chenille and white buglw i s a sim-ple diamond pattern, Tbe trimming for tbe corsage andsleeves w w of lbs asms pattern, bat narrower, stonydresses which ws a r were brighter and gayer looking,and some more expensive, but w e doubt iflathing could be more elegant and ladylike thanthe pure white, without any mixturo of colore.But as white does not suit all testa ttOr ail CPmptexlons,they hsre t s the same establishment same exquisite baildreaeea of other colors—pale blue, deep violet, Islaygreen royal purpi*, aad sober gray, suitable for elderlyisd.es. In the two deep nonnew wbtett formed lbs skirtinmmtBg, tbe ground color w w sanest lost sight of, In whether there ever agate will he, such s dis-About eight o'clock th e convent ion orgwized by the election of William M. Tweed for chairman, and George A. Jeremiah w d Henry P. West w secretaries.ihe tropical profusion of "buds w d toavw, and sprigs, and curling tendrila," gracefully disjoined, which covered the greater portion of the flounce. To a casual ubmi rsr it would seem tbat a fail of guipure lace ww thrown over these eounees w if to preserve them from w y rude touch; hut, on closer inspection, you findit is a skilful piece of embroidery, w d that object of Susan Nipper sball which at to be given to the Prince of Wales. On that ooossifiA the ladies will appear in all their wealth of orasmwta, w d w n doubt if the heir to the British throne h w ever beheld anything more gorgeous or mag- nificent than will be presented to his dszzled vision onour loyalty, our devotion and our aiiection for the Queen. God blew her.May your royal H ghncss long remain th e Prince of Wales.—•mm- i •••..' i-i\aval Intelligence.Wc have advices team the Brazil squadron to tbe 6thalt. The United States frigate Congress was preparing to leave St. Catharines for Rio, where she would remain some months. The steamer Argentina, of the Exploring ExpediUon, arrived ot Buenos Ayr-s on the 1st ult It was supposed tbe officers of the party were about leaving for the United States. The Dolphin ww bending sails at Buenos Ayrcs, where there were seven men of war at anchor, there was no United States naval vessel st MonMessrs. Waterbury. Clancy, Sweeny, Bell, Boole, Froraont wd Kisscer, were appointed to deliberate with the Brock- inridgers on a proper basis for a division of the spoils. A recess of an hour followed, a t t h e termtasfltan o t wbieh tbeConventionreassembled.The Conference Committee reported that the Breckin- ridge interest claimed one half the ticket, which propo sition ww rejected. The Conventton sustained the action of their committee, and it w w immediately agreed upon to enter tato nominations for candidates.On motion the Convention then proceeded to ballot fbr Judge of tee Supreme Cport with the following result:—Recorder George G. Barnard.Briey Judge John B. ~profound respect—^ a permanency. ' The prtoe of these this occasion. There is nothing la which our New York elegant bail dresses varies from one hundred dollars t j belles are more wtrnvagwt, for no lady of w y pretension one hundred and fifty. W e must not omit all mention of to fwhiowbtt stesswm aomedow herself dressed without uridine, which forms very elegant and light looking a full set of tbe most costly jewelry. In this particular bail dresses. Here the universal decorator, gold, is1*3 31also used in waves a c l stars, and D*n<ean showers. But to return to the promenade dresses. We must pre- mise that on no previous opening have we ever seen sny-tttey are mid to be more fwtidiow than the most artsto- eratiQ of the fair sex on the other side or the ocean; and w e have beard of some w h o possess over a hun-allude* thetigbtcoatto theout i t sThere is but another neckItso doubt tntt it will .y of Music ox thew mwy dewdrops. Tbe produced k*> laetnmiliig of the diamond! ax.awas both striking and beautiful.In tbe way of euirtege there wm no w d to theorthevarietyofpatterns. Arevolution,we hwtakenplace,oristakingplace,Inthestyle,soteatinwith ajoekay, and will have •wawnm tM ttUt nwJO Ul,i,Bi Jklery prettystyle, which looksWO saw, though lew costly, is It was eompowd of tnrwwide braid stew. •,.••«.... i.,w.,»It wag slashed sp the tide and laceduwntoFawn1"Ly",hflra0,eT*a tf******** M Bare the first style for thew well w in name.The preewt altitude of tbe parties w w rtternswil. w l- -—-~w*»ptassels, en*leaves, and inside with a bandeau of purple velvet, caught at one side b y a buckle made e f ostrich feathers, and a duster of glancing ebon beiriee of the deepest ebon hue, called forth many expressions of admiration. A still more elegant hat for light mourning, w w made of Margueriteplace at the "old wigwam" last evening sad ww the oc-marabout. The cape and brim were edged with thick gold cord, w d a bird of Paradise plume, of mingled white wd violet, formed the outside trimming. Tbe face trim- ming w w violets w d clusters of gold w d jet grapes. In termingied with loops of gold embroidered ribbons. Hats of plain black silk, trimmed with scarfs embroidered with beads, were muchadmired, and others trimmed with mixed ostrich aad rnarabout feathers, arranged in tbe form of a coronettbat would have done honor to the palmiest days of the "Coal Hole."JBWTXnT.There never yet hw hew,wd it is doubtfulA XODtt OF BBFTTTT.Thefollowing characteristic addressww presentedbythe ra't.-men of Upper Canada to the Prince of Wales dur- ing his short stay a t A w prior —To H. R. H. THK PRMCS OF WALES:—We, the raftsmen of tbe Upper <tttawa,constitute a body of 13 000 men, the bone and sinew of Canada.totted delegates to theFirst, Eleventh and Nineteenth wards, a communication w w received from t h e Breckin- ridge Convention, expressing a desire for a rusion w tbe nominations for city and county officers.Illinois; W. M. Converse, efConnecticut; B.Welch, of Buffalo; W . A. Hail, of Heatings: F C. Haven*, of St. Louis;H.Ohorefa,efNewYork,aadP.V.KeBogg,of Utic*, ar* Stopping a t the Astor House.Mayer Crocker, of Oswego; J- 1^mJ**"t*x°fth* American Telegraph Company. WW•smKany, £**>»• beck; Judge Douglass, of FtorMa; CeL BWWrsm, of Pennsylvania; Mr. Breck, United States Consul to India, and wife, and William Seatoo, o' Eogland,wore among the arrivals at the St. Nicholw Hotel yesterday.The Lntc tAeeldeaU on the Rsvcimn Alwtsslppl Railroad.rFrom tbe Janreviile (Wis.) Democrat, Sept,IT.]By' telegraph of September 15, we learn that tea regu- iar passenger train bound west on the Bastae and Missis- sippi Railroad last Friday evening, navtog on board e x -cursionists returning from the county fair at Elkhorn, while takicg wood a n d water a t tbeir usual stopping place at Detavan, was run into by w extra freight tram which wm following. One car was smashed in piecesand five persons killed w d some fifteen more ortornIn- jured. The following is a list of the killed —A Mr. Baker, produce dealer of Detavan; Mas Margaret Seaman, aged fiftew, of Uanen Mm. Davis of Sharw; a son of Mr. Qatiin hardware dealer, Deiavw, and s s w of Mr. Steopful, farmer. Detavan. The names of tbs wounded we have been unable yet to learn.The Gatt'.te of Saturday evening learns tbat a MrsDe- vie, of Alton's Grove, ww found aead under tbe wreck of the cars, and that a Mr. Johnson, of Juhnatewn Centre, r.ad bis Wall and legbroken and ww supposedtobe mortally wounded.whichThis sleeve may berainbowtw o May rtcaet.TWCnarssas and Mr. declared, they would nee alli s trimmedwithCITY POLITICS. AFPOINTMWT OKThenew fUstonof the great Unkm and orgsslsni by theCharles0'Conor;sletterww,. toswdfltenms. s aty,hew.d, wwtathe, w t o what steps ought to teaser's same was F* "You're wrong," " f t * . the speaker, who wmilkatancoat skais trimmed,mofgraduatedpnflh theshouldertothe ,withfourmammonsofA Dnxuri arose in wBe WW that the voteinto*Coo•sin. Wo have _and turned op suff, and theadvantage to displayrnga richTory popular stymssnns with Itwillbeveryhardloroarfltirreadithat Tartety~<bis Pnwjaji •wttboa decidedm the skirt;others hi direct opposition to this have two deep flounces, are cut m every form, (rem the round to the pearDuriajr all this excitement the doors e f tbefinally a cntsmrttoa appointed to confer with the tw o room wer* tocksd, aad no w e was allowed exit,:with hmvy cord, fron! Wblcn nungfront of tbe clonk w w akm embrwaltogether it looked very handsome and Hungarian like. Ibiswwreproducedinothermaterialsandwuhequalsuccess. Tbebonrsouflaremadeofvelvet,withaquilt-ed silk yoke,and will be Tory expensive. Tbe quantityof velvet which wiQ b s required to make one of themcloak?, and the extra width of the material—for it mult beall piece—account for this, but it will be all the more desirableforthosereasons.Ineverydepartmentofdrygoods it is the highest priced articles that are moat soughtafter. In mourning we have seen a very pretty cloak culledtbe "Bensallear." It ww made of heavy mourning =ilk,and trimmed with tw o folds of crape. It w w slightlypointed ia the back and rounded gracefully over tbe arm. President of the Agricultural Society. T h e c a p e w w l o n g a n d p o i n t e d , a a d t r i m m e d w i t h a h a n d -some crochet trimming. The "Lady Franklin" w wmuch w d deservedly admired. The body ef tbe cloak Is similartothe"Bensaliear.''butthecapeiswunlikeasitpossibly can be. It i* bertha shaped, aad extendsslmostto thewaistin adeeppoint,fromwhichhangsacraps row, with drops w d buttons. Oa tbe shoulder andfront It i3pointed w d trimmed Is tbe mm* manner.Bournous are also made in mourning, and look very ele-gant, in camel's hair cloth, with crape trimming.Winter, with its balls, operas, concerts and evening parties,istheseason,parmesficset,forartificialflowers. Tbwwreaths that cannot fads, and flowers that blowin tbe chair.A communication ww received from tbe Mayor respect-ingtbe invitationextendedtobisRoyalHighnessthe Prince of Wales.The reading w w interrupted by Aldermw COKWEU, who mo ?ed that the reading of tbe communication be sus- pended. Thismotionwwnegatived.The communication ww tbw read as follows:—KAYOS'B OrncE, Sept. 17,1800. Gsmmars—to reply to a resolution, adopted b y your Beard on the 18th Inst, 1 haw the honor to transmit co- pies o f t h e correspondence referred to. I t will b e seenthat tbe invttatto* mtemlsd to bis Royal Higbams h w been accepted. He will probably arrive here on the 11th proximo, when I shall, as Mayor, offer to htm tbe usual hospitalities, and hops to have t h e co-operation o f t h e members of lbs two Boards of Ownmon frmsril in tbe ceremony. FERNANDO WOOD, Mayor.stoodfromreliableauthority,wouldbeappointedfrom Tammany Hall, to meet with the subcommittee of the present Convention at Florence's Hotel, at eight o'clock, or w soon after w ww convenient; aad be therefore sug- gested that the sub committee should proceed to the eon- rennetMr. THiDsrca P. Men mid that if he desired be might have bean appointed oa that committee, but declined be- cause he did not like t o co-operate with traders. He w w opposed to fu.- ;on.Mr. Srsrsss P. Rrsasix moved tbat the convection take a reeets for one hour to permit the -ub-committee to meet tbe like committee fromTammwy Hall, w d tbat tbeprincipleIsinvolved.Respectfully.quest and this winter, with ita thronging amusements, they wiU be is greater demand than ever. In view of thisfwt,thosewhocaterforthepublictasteinthisde- partment have made greater preparations than usual, sad the result hi to he own in the difkrent establish- ments devoted to this speciality. In Tucker's they haveWe take advwtageef meeting your Royal Highness*upon play of jewelry w will be witnessed at the grwd a rait to offer you our hearty welcome, and to expressOn m o t i w , a Committee o f Conference,consistingo f154 hibition. The ricb w d eJegest Pompadour silk, the stiff rings, broochet w d other srecKU* of a like tevideo Tbe Pulaski steamer, en route to Paraguay, had The result w w rewived wtth a round of the most tu-thii-g richer or in better taste than tbe goods now on ex- dred thousand ia tbe form of bracelets, necklaces,Totaland stately moire antiqw, tbe ancient and venerable wa dweripttoa. With all tbe acknowledged geniw of the heea beard from up the river. The brig Bainbridge, tered silk, and the bright aad brilliant embroidered Parisian workmen, with all the abundant resources of Com. Woodhull, salted from Rio Janeiro for St. Catharines, dresses, ail partake of tbe same characteristic good taste. tbeir artistic skill, they are frequently unable to satisfy Brazil, on the 6thult.Lest our lair friends should m y that w e leave the teste w d demands of the fair but exacting daughters The following officers have been ordered to report on teem in the dark on a matter of such importance w the of the great republic. In consequence of their fastidtow toe 17th of October next for duty on board the Unitedmultuous applause, w d the nomination w w deciareu unanimous. - ,Afte* s short recess the ballots were » s ^ P W « d ' and the delegates proceeded to votefor a candidate for Becmder TMTto result of the first ballot wben announcedprice of those dresses, w e shall state for their bsnedtuwte in this important particular, s very considerable amount e f the lewelry disposed e f In tbe American mar- ket a tbe product of Amertow manufacture. BraceletsStates sloop of war Cumberland, destined w the flagship of the Home Squadron:—Captain John Marstoo; i.ieu tenants Alexander Murray, John S. Maury, J. H. Rocbelle Cnaries H. Greene, Charles t . Fleming. Lieut. Oscar C Badger has been ordered to the United States receiving ship Alleghany, at Baltimore,1 Abraham D. Russell| John T. Hoffman. *Robert Livingston KelsonSmith.EA W. Clarke^iA..t moire antique Is eighty dollars a drew; watered silkseventy doa-irs, and some of the embroidered silk robesaad make " tbe test still toveBest." Feathers range almost w hi»,h. Wa have seea -omo exquisite of the most CWtiJ MipMon sad of the :most «q«£ltov i*? Tbe informant of the Qautte gives that paper the fol-enter emsWerahly mto tbe trimming Ibis season, sad look a s they always d o , elegant a n d duftnone. Fory pretty tba delicate marabout feathers took, tbeir oases tinged with t b e secondary color o r tipped with white silk, giving it tbe appearance of clustering dahlia leave*. Baa tba great peculiarity of the asanas in theembroidered silks for three dollars a yard, and a very detiriiare madsTn this country, w d at thefirmof Tiffanygood quality for twelve shilling*. A Ellis we ha—mm, In additiou to thew, some of tbe^lowins»account of the accident:—Upon arriving at tbe Tillage ot Deiavw the Wain stoppedto get water, about twwty rods from the depot. They had sot been there mom tbw a muaste before tee freight traia from Eikhora came round the carve m tbe read, which is rather iharp at this point, aad ran into tne pas- wnger train. The wood car platform was e n wood with men and ;>eye. but they fortunately had time to jump from it w d save themmlves. TheHaving purchased the material, the next thing is to most artsAicailT wrought necklaces, tiaras, brooches w dSurgeon*JamesCPalmer,WilliamGrierandCbarle* famtorttFeftw'cwventton'not"havingvotedforwynave it properly swde up, and we shall endeavor to give ta ldwof the difflorsat styles is which this can be don*.THB COSSAGK.Ws base no novelty to record ia the style of tbe cor-aage, which A made plain h,gh to the throat, and buttonedta front, A row of battens mas from tbe shoulderto thebelt, and sflajpjMjsj the waMt trimming. T b e front r o wof buttons is geoorally onrried down to* skirt, end areanally of a diflereul color from the dross, but this is notabsolute. We hove sow battens the color of tbe dross, have already been ordered in wtkripattw oftb* baU, we night, with FWbri.Stigelli and Fem-a very good dis aB voting except Mr. Jones, of tee Twenty second ward,mth Btrtkmg and dut>no<J.a sort of mtltBWBd oriental ita ilk* again, for it ia,without exception,thenovelty - hot figuring of " etnetly aader deali exhibition in tbe wa rhdSBdare alike hi theiri, that glittered and sparkledtots lbs wavelets of » « ! * £ rormsnw ww w eweUent ens all tbeInthecer- oidratherthanlathe .ofrenewingheryouth. Shealas*isthe10 all. that a visiter genome, anginal" Phoenix. The old novelty to whichad the votes then be counted. Thai amendment having been pat, carried, and acted upw , the ballots were duly rays of tbe sua. Ia this mlrsbly-Febbri w earnest, interne wd eftostioo w ever; counted, and tbe result ww about being announced whenSo closely were tbe swtortatt of tbetammsd together tbat it w w half w hour beam* tea wrsckwuld he cleared so that the people could be getThere ismenWn have aQ the oldno lew taw thirty one stows set StigeUl staging with ate whom wei,wd rnrri outdoing •» tbsjewellercalledthem,but aUhsformereilurta Thteevenis«the"nwnBwVespers"again an uproar w w occasioned,Mr.TWEED,the chairmw,stated that behadbeard outother ornaments thaiever delighted the eyes oi aflur beholder Semefate*may be formed of their value wben we stale that in a small flaw owe about a fjot and a half aqutre there was displayed about one hundred and fiftythis evening, but the balk of tbe iX^taa~axTireeMd themselves determined to finish uptee^mattoTof Recorder w the spot Tbeamethyst, the onyx, the emerald the opal w«rokew to tbe greatest Wvwtage, ia their mqutttety wreeghTgotota settings. A s many of themtain's Clerk; W . P . Blagrove, Paymaster's Clerk.AcaosBT or Mrmc —The "Traviata" w w grfOn test due time tbe ballots were deposited w the teller's tab e,rt. and a portion of it penetrated teebeyond, to its pwwge It jost clearedswept every seat, with their occupants, aB who stood opand crowded tbe passage, the stem and top of the c w w dshall describes few of nwnmtt.eontiysMsteflttsgjAnd«r*t of all we shall speak of a diamond necklace, vaiaedat the handsome w d desirable sum of sixtew twomadfive hundred dollars ;i mere basnOsMo to those who aarow abundance of this world's goods, bat a fortune tothousands. It w w of the style called to rimers, ww s very severs tain storm tost night, and w opw n o was absent. On counting the ballots It w w found that Mtwithstanding tbe abeeoeeof w e delegate. IM votes were w the table. Thk discovery w w followed by the wildest confusion.Co* delegate moved that the ballot be declared infor mal, aad that a w w ballot be had. Another delegate oflered an aswndstent tbat the Chairman be empowered to throw one of the ballots from a bat, aad tbat the^iled the wreck into the space between tbe <the rear of tee sectof this wreck t h e ear reared itself with i t swd tbe wheels of tbe pas*wger oar whichmoll*had. Underneath aB teaor eighty human being*—sw killed instantly,others writbteg wounded fatally, a a d still Tttbteg incaused by horrible Injuries. Our inrrsmsnt aa awful sight.which some would admire still mere. Of e w r w Mto low neck * admiwtble for evening or ball drew Tne bertha sttll liagora wtth w , b a t tW tosteflw weooWM*tbepate ttctvdmtttos. Tbe Pompadour waist hw wtlrely^disap- peared, aad wo hops this generation will wyer look u|tpaadto- and was, as the term would indicate, a perfect performance eisewhare. However, tbe Irving-BaaaUPgiving his hearty approval of tbegwerally worn, w e are to have the pendant this is s that they would be able to bring about a union in reeliiy Journment, which w w voted down, the Istead of tnosohwire, « r nkapte batten, which ts now to the fashion of ishot anotherTbeMr. MnssB opposed th* propoktUon, and almost mmalmow to favor of prenation and having a new baltotbeingproof to sustain the ctametor ofearrings are formed of SB kinds of precious^maTbemteofteebead-dfaMw*. 9 * . " * ^articles there w w one—* time Ihrmwi of ta»TW,.?JV:? andflowers,arrangedwiththemostadmirable««. Thebudsandflowerswereresplendentwithjewels,end, as they swayed on their stems with every motion, they emitted in sparkling brilliancy those varicolored rays that only the diamond of the parmt waterywjrfiost—isvpavruAL AFRMF* TO FTTSM WITH eerywt, THBDOUG1.A8ITB9—MOMWATIOWOFAS^Afflm*1PHILIP..JHJBilTrT^MqWHT.tEversneld have b o w detailed w tbe Medical Board fag tbe physical examteation of candidates tor admimion to the Naval Academy between the 31th sad 30th Sep- tember.J^U?J&*L?--7 votes being necessary to achoioe— ES^TaBMW were made to obtain _w, adjourn-The storeship Release. Lieut. 6isg, arrived at Boston on the 17th inst. from AsplnsrcB.ment totrtbutkm, which should have attracted a larger aodlwce. Tint hMLuii of the Academy have, however, bowtomed to go to the Opera only upon what have beet fixed aa the regular nights. Added to this circumstance,liveis aunliient diversity ia the misor details toiofeachhouse,aaditm tobo withoutany .-asareveryseldomtobebadtortb*wiUbegrmn.anitossorrowrrnntef«Ih»GKrfaanl.''ballotsfromtbebat.Suchconductwwdastardly,aadnem,andthornhavingthetramsinchargeshouldbebomUntitled Documentttrsd is iewlroat, ww ajaag worth flre thouswd doners, There wm be no mst-nee.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tbtt s mw ia tit* Owvwttw bad snatched one of the This accident bw evidently been tberesuitof eawtom• »Acombination of the teassJst and siaihU,wbicbweww,wwofmorethanOrientalmagnificence. Thetwo b»T€*UolB» PyritesthathawattemptedtonegotiateA wobmqmmt bftllot rwnllad ia , HoniwflVfl,by•vottof106BarHot^iiMto4CtorRotwclLA CARD FROM FHTXIF BABBLTOtt. TO mm sTmoPrinceofWales.HS3CU05, Sept. 20,1860.Thethis morning, w d ww weseaasd with an address by lbsPrinceof Wales vieitedt b e Provincial ExhibitionThecrowd ofpeople Mithecityto-day, drawnbytbe Prince of Wales' visit, together with tan annual show, ttimmenw.signwarrantstorthe Tbe meeting came to order, the Secretary calling the Fourth avenae mates inTHB B0ABD OF ALBBUOW AMD THB FMDICM,The Board of Aldermw met last evening, President PeckMr. G. W. Sunn read tbe resolution adopted at tbe pre-view meeting hirelation to the sppeintmwt ef a tnb-eonunittee to confer for tne purpose of effecting a just sadequitable fusion with elements opposed to the principlesef tbe republican party. Saab a committee, he snaps npwthaor w y other kindred wbject intba did. front of the hat and fell la unrestrained Floral heWdresnts are or all hum aad of manyluxurianceororthesans,andnroundedmil beenpublished. TheamendmentwasputtotheayessadnowwdtostberoftheWhitehallwlBatteryboatmen.AThen follows tbe correspondence, which has alreadyW. Harrison comiiiwd-roll wd each memoer taking bisseatwhisnameww announced.sue,bydays'work,tsreceived,andtareplyI test no reason is assigned intaking tba work out of the prevtatotia of tba quirir g it to be done by contract. I would all be ic'ormed whether the reouaite autbonty of mon Council hw been given to have tbe work without contract, ates what opinion, if any, given by tbe Corporation Counsel to yourcommittee be instructed of that time.t oreturna n drepjirt at the endMr. Mon moved w w amendment that tbe wb-eom- the Battery boys w s is favor ef Lincoln nod Hamlin, h w mittee W discharged, w he did not wish t h e convention called forth a demonstration w t h e part of s ito be controlled by any set of whw pullers.ten o'clock 'Mr. G W. Sana, the Chairmwof the Conference Sub- to the political market.Committee, submitted w their unanimous repwt that tbey had met the Tammany Hall Committee, but that no proposition from them b a d been received which they could submit to this Conventim w s body.The Convention then wwt into an informal vote for tbe Ingly.nomination of a candidate for Judge of the Supreme Court,with tbe following result:—John R. Brady, 73: Barnard, Brooklyn* City Met31; scattering 3. FOOD DBOWXEO.—The body cf w unknown manMr. Bcmsu. offered s resolution tnat the Conventionnow proceed to the nomination of candidates tor the fal-lowing offices:—Judge of t h e Supreme Court, Recorder,City Judge, Surrogate, Supervisor and Register. Carried. heart, the exercise was too severe. Terdiotvoters were recorded a s present, b u t that 139 ballets were found in the hat. The chairman therefore declared the vote null and void.was returned.CHARTSK OAK PKX&KTTATTOX—Last evening tbe CharterA noisy a n d contused time followed, amid which a mazy series of motions and amendmenus were offered.Oak Engine Company No. 1, of Hartford,Own.,presented to the base ball clnb of the same asme, of Brooklyn, a ball, of about the size ef a baw ball, made from the celebrated Charter Oak. The ball is contained In a rose- wood box, lined on the inside with black velvet. On the lia of the bos is the following iwcriptiou.—"Presented to the Charter < wk Base Ball Club, Brooklyn, N. Y , by tbe Charter Oak Engine Company No. 1, Hartford, Conn '' The presentation was made at a well known billiard saloon in Court street, by Mr. William Folk, w behalf of the Hwtford people.The chdrrman, Mr. Francis, here resigned his position in favor of Mr. G. W. Smith, who took the chair, andby the appointment of a number of sergeants Warms, suc- ceeded in getting the meeting again in order.On motion of Mr. Rrssiai,the Convention rescinded the former motion to ballot for candidates, and proceeded to vote viva voce with t h e following result:—Brady 77, Barnard 90, Pierrepoet 1 .Tbe CHAIKMAS declared Mr. Brady aomlnated, and oa motion the nomination ww made unanimous.The nomination of Mr. Livingston ww made unanimous.of ballot making was therefore again gone through with,Smote among the delegates, tbe paramount object evidently being to gam votes for the Kegtetsmhip. In••••«iiitttttumt .«, • • • M i l l * • • • * • • • * * • * •OCawtiwtllif•••*«•••••••*, ?havingformed a club and would parade with a handsome boat rbrged en wheels, decorated with a banner declaring tbatb o wpublishedteat t b eWbdnhallftnatawnb a t whjcbamawnliarto 4 attub wbicb amOMofthew,thesolitaire,wbicbgltt-hewouldOMereryeffortinhispowertobringMMguiltyis tbs nnctest accountabilitywww.fultonhistory.com 