 6NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY. MARCH 3, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.•cancal, were pfrpetratcd by his subordinate, The Democratic- Candidates for the Pre* tbst term means the public now understand finl ro difficulty in s'rikieg root. The Pari,NEW YORK HERALD. At the weekly meeting of the Board of Metropo- •ldency—Their Memoir* and Autece- pretty well. Alderman Brady gave us some aoriroTi atd Figaro, and (he LondOB i WJ A M B S G O B D O I l » » I T t ' HMTOB AND PROPRIETOR.amcs ». w. COEK» or NASSAU AITO rcxron ST*.Momofrnt bfWtna wilt he at tto ^ o * V « mot rotxiced a* mbtcri&vm"Wis PAILrffMA£/>*»cMbfiram.fTp»<•"»»"»•TBK Witr-lay, wdtKLr BZH.ALD,litan Police Commissioners yesterday, the resolu- Marquez. dents. insight into the fact that Aldermen, like law b*ve all found Hb«al patronage aod ^ ^ tion to restore to the General Superintendent the It WAS President Zuloaga whose Insults We publish to-day a list of the democratic yers and physicians, demand a pretty large Irom their respective pahUes. They o a V ^m or S3 per ammmm; the European Editvm ooerw We>i*e* Brtterfa,amount of which we cannot state until we areinformed of the exact market price of an rows on dead game, ner endeavor to resusci-cessary. A bill authorizing publishers to print onartists—Patti, Colson, Brignoli, and others - DISGRACEFUL SCKXES AT WASHINGTON—THK will sing, has been a very profitable one to the ELECTION OF PRINTER TO THE HOUSE.—Every managers, and generally agreeable to the pub- long work, and it is very probable that the each other up like the Kilkenny cats. But one will remember the disgraceful scenes, the lic. It has been distinctly a Patti season, that ar-tii/.rote. The vote stood three to three—Commission- vwere a part of the policy which is being steadi- amounts to the formidable number of twenty-BRYANTS' MTM8TB11A Umihupm1 HaTl, 471 Broad- tales of Bahla at p. t , and a small lot of Rio atlS^c.M r - B n u w u , 8o*«, DAIICIS, Ae.-Scs*a raoa JACK CADS.advance of wages, except from the estimatesfbe n arket for French brandies was firmer and more active, attributable in some degree to the conclusion of BT*«U » Hosoa, UAJTCM, S c u m o u , Ac—DOUBLB BBDDSD the new commercial treaty between France and England. BOOK, Sales cf Ctgnac were made yesterday at $2 80 a $3 10,MATfOBAli COWCBBT SALOON, national Theatre,- and of Rochelie at si 80 a $2 Freight engagements •oaoj, DA»CBS, Be sustains, Ac were moderate, while rates were firm."TEIPLE SHEET. The Treaty with Mexico—War with Us the Only Hope of the Roman Catholicvelopement in journalism unequalled elsewhere,mBLO"8 SALOOK. Bro-dway.-Osa. CMWrY'Scontained in the various reports of their do- this class of publications should be of neces-iDgs, which have been given from day to day, sity a failure. The only explanation tbst catClergy.The real isfru* pending before the Senate inthe quei tion of the ratification of the treatywith Mexico is, whether we are to have war or tiro private bills, among them one for the relief of p»:ace with that republic. If the treaty is rati- Bam. F. Bu terworth. A bill to amend the act pro- fied, the constitutional and legitimate govern- viding for the execution of the public printing was ment of Mexico will be able to suppress theintroduced by Mr. Wilson, The bill granting a present rebellion, restore order, and maintain pension offiftydollars per month to the widow of pacific relations with us. If the treaty is re-MarWebead, Massachusetts Natick.Massachusetts Haverhill. Massachusetts f?augu«, Massachusetts' Grafton,Massachusetts Milford. Massachusetts Dover, New Hampshire Farmirigton. New Hampshire Rochester, New Hampshire1^00 ACADEMY OF MUSIC—FINAL PERFORMAKCKS- 600New York, Saturday, Marsh 3, I860.t tic News.300 FAREWBLL BENEFIT OF MISS P A TTL—The Ac»-In Congress yesterday the Senate passed twenty-200 scene of unusual brilliancy. The habits 1.000the late General Persifer F. Smith was amendedby including a similar pension for the wido w ofGeneral Riley, and the bill was then laid aside.The Senate held an executive session, and confirm-ed a number of unimportant appointments. Theconsideration of the Mexican treaty was post- of that country, or into open war with itdown at ten thousand. The movement is daily lomini with that of the British metropolis. Tto ing "Barber," and the performance was enjoyed to the fullest extent by the vast audience,technicalities. Is it not, then, like children'sforce us into an invason from Texas for self- play that these men should be splitting hairs will probably reach twenty thousand or mere. bottom. Next to Miss Patti, whose Rosins itpower of detailing and transferring members of the drove our late minister in Mexico to close di- candidates for the Presidency, together with aforce was taken up and, discussed at considerable plomatic relations with that country and return brief sketch of each, which we intend to fee for consultations. Two thousand dol-length. We give a report of the debate inanother home; and after the assassinations at Tacubaya, to follow up with a similar account of the re- lars, it seems, is not fee enough for one column. A motion to rescind the resolution where- Alderman, from which we may infer that theto the fact that the first order «, literary talent.U employed on them tai that their illustrations keep pnT*Z tbeir text. Another element of their success is tbeir promptness is seizing oa pu*. ing occurrences. They never expe^ j^j, ^by the General Superintendent was deprived of the Miramon ordered our Consul, Mr. Black, to publican candidates and of those of the Union consultation fees of the whole Board would aforesaid nower was made, and rejected by a tie leave the country. These diplomatic steps opposition. The list of democratic candidates mount up to a pretty round sum; the precisely pnnued by the Roman Catholic cbwgy in fire—a quarter of a hundred. In 1852 thereof the vote, Mayor Powell presented to the Board Mexico, In the hope of saving th« immense were half the number, and one Captain Rich- Alderman.er 8ttllman being a sent. Upon the declaration, r i F > . r l j r j j r B£MAU> m Wmimmdam, at fomr emu per the resignation of the General Superintendent, landed possessions which, through the arts ard Scott, of Richmond, Virginia, resorted tomm « • * . or H SO P*r a m i . ^dTcf*^Xr*COBMmPOJrDMireM, emttUmUa to**"***which wsa laid on the table. Aspecial meeting of known to that church, and the natural increasean ingenious method of getting rid of them all with one masterly stroke. He addressed let- ters to each of them, and from each he re- ceived answers. He published the correspon- dence in a batch, and thus brought them ail down with one shot Either Franklin Pierce was then unknown to him as a candidate, or did not reply to his letter, or it was arranged with Scott that his letter should not be published. Certain it is that General Pierce benefitted by the operation, and Captain Scott went as Consul to Rio. Now this Scott must have been some relation of Captain Martin Scott, U. S. A., who had the reputation of being so good a shot,|that one day a coon in a tree, seeing him raise hisrifle,cried out, "Don'tfire,CaptainScott;tosaweyouthetrouble,Iwilljustcome down." Perhaps there is some other captain ofthename,orsomemarksman,equallygood, of some other name, who will undertake to bring down the whole bevy of democratic Presidential candidates of 1860 by a single shot The aspirants being twice the number that they were in 1852, the feat will be more difficult, and we think it ought to entitle the man who achieves it to at least the Consulship to Liver- pool. Is there no political Nimrod who will go in for the honor of bagging twelve brace and a half of such fine game, at the same time that he earns the gratitude of some "great unknown,'' who remains unflushed in cover till the danger is past and the proper moment arrives for showing himself on the wing. By such an ope-Now, why should the Board of Aldermen be consulted about the nomination at all? It is the Mayor's duty to nominate, and he performs that duty faithfully when he lelects a compe-tate events which have lost their interest !• this respect they adopt the most valuable fea. tore of journalism, which, combined with titer own peculiar attractions, imparts te their aak.Mentions a vitality and freshness that the public eager for their acquisition.Why cannot the same class of mirth prevak-log end useful censors of social and poliBeai•MM, mHeitai from an* quarter of tke world, if «•«*, ie« to mMr+a, paid for. g9*<M* fOMIM OojWWlWinUUAC (InKT* We do not #• mortem «/ a ymw utrrmpmthe Board* will be held oB Monday next, when the resignation w U be considered.of wealth guardedly administered, hate comemi TiMMUi nit rni i —" — •ADVlRTtUXMltliTS rent*lA* ffnuT H»Kiin, fAHarto overshadow the aggregate of priYeVe pro- We havefilesfrom Jamaica dated at Kingston on perty In their extent, and the State iteelf inFns«Ain-OAAi*4m KATAFLAW._inBuyii eusomv. •wMlw.y.-Ailemooa aid lrwlaf-C « « u i BOTAA Amrw**n*.•ownnr-M-r——-ft'-n rLA«TAtiw-BoM to aeon L»c« .of the Excise Commission, William Jay Haskett, as Chairman of the Board, has gone to Albany to furnish the committee with information on the sub- ject He w 1 return to the city this evening or on Monday.sought European intervention; and hero, too, they have failed.No resource but a war with the United States, which shall lead to a second occupation of the country by us, is now left them to savetleirpossessionsfrombeing applied to the mes of the State under the policy proclaimedbytheconstitutionalgovernment, and hailed with delight by the great mass of the people. They remember Gen. Scott's jealous care for all existing righto, and his respect for the church while in Mexico. They know that under the "rule of th* United States government no law and no court can con-liscate il eir vast possessions, and that our con- stitution will protect iheir possessory rights. This protection can only be obtained by con- quest, urjd occupation of the country by us. To obtain this our Minister and our Consuls have been insulted and driven from the repub- lic; our citizens have been despoiled of theirLibby or Willet should be thrown aside by an ignorant and irresponsible set of fellowsnecessity of copying from European models teproduce a comic paper which would be as ef-mAttrtimmtmm <nthe 10th ult lhe Standard has the followingnews report:-"The weather has been highly fa-vorable to sugar making, which is in rapid pro.great throughout the island, with every prospect of siastical corporations, the clergy have seduced resulting In a material increase on last year's crop.man foroffice.It is theThe cotton market has ruled with more steadiness since trnrm*OASD**.Broadway,oppositeBowlstrost,- thereceiptofthelateforeignnews. ThesalesyesterdayTHE CONFLICT BETWEEN LABOR AND CAPITAL INOOTBUOB'S Wire-Jmrsr Uuo. WALLACE'STHBATBK,HrosdWAy.-S*«A*<»OTAroosTstrss MA*.LATTRA Knars THBATKB, at Broadway.-jsiini DBAS*. _ _ _ _ _footed up about 1,600 bales, closing on the basis or about lie,a11Ko.formiddlinguplands. Thenewsalsoacted favorably on the market for flour. Wheat was more ac. Uve, and closed with morefirmnessfor most descriptions Southernflourwas also aciive anB firm. Wheat was inn w TOW-BY.-MAC-BTH— ROOOH DUKOOT-MASIO good request, and prices quite firm. Corn was quiet and T»c«rM- sales moderate, at rates given elsewhere. Pork BROADWAY BOUDOIR, 444 Broadway .-Afternoon and was less active and buoyant Old mess soldBr«sui(-Tbl HiSMS BAMP. at $17 25- a $17 37 }i, and new do. at $18 25; old THTtATRK FBAMCAIS, 866 Brsadwifc-MBIUl JSAM 00 prime at $12 60 and new do. at $14 60 a $14 76.LA PlM«I DOPBPrLB.BARWTJiTS •KBBICAV Mid *oo*MCSBTTM,BTima'way.-Arter-Ths mark i for sugar was- without spirit, and sales con lined to about 400 a 500 bhds. Cuba and 1,300 bags Bahla, at rates given iu another column. Coffee was firm, withing and stitching. We have no way of ascer-taining how many are now on a strike for an a country thus circumstanced, and with ads-The public health has improved."A committee of investigation having been ap-the army into rebellion, and inscribed themotto of "Religion and Privilege" on its ban-functions efficiently, or to reject him for cause,from any want of literary sad artistte reeonroeipointed 1 y the Senate to inquire into the working ners. Unable still to conquer, they haveif any good cause there be; but it Is a mon- on the part of publishers or ef nppreemtiea strous outrage that competent men like Tucker, on the part of the public. We are under mejected or materially amended so as to make it inoperative, we shall be carried inevitably, by the force of circumstances beyond our control, to an armed intervention in the domestic affairspriests and soldiers, and carry out the reformswhich will eventually make Mexico a prosper- ous and single. They all profess to agree have passed, if the employers resist the de-despatches and reports. In the Senate the tax gates to the Convention were elected, thelevy was referred to the Ne w York Senators. BiJa clergy found that, notwithstanding the iin-were introduced relative to the duties of State m o-e ei'orts they had made, the majority ofPrison Inspectors, and to the engraving of bank delegates returned were of the liberal party, cal aspect It is very likely that, owing to the notes. Bills were passed authorizing the sale of and stroDgly opposed to their immense privi-the West Washington market property to the city leges. Then began that agitation that for of New York, and to pro-vide for the survey of the mure than a year struggled to overthrow Co- Connecticut boundary line. In committee the ca-nal bill was discussed and amended. In the As- sembly, bills were introduced to amend the general railroad act, and to exempt the property of unmarried women from taxation. Bills were reported for a railroad in Tenth ave- nue, also in Broadway and other streets, also in Fourteenth and other streets, also in Avenue D and other streets, also in Seventh avenue. The routes of these roads and the names of the corporators, together with other information on the subject, may be found in our reports of the proceedings. A bill conferring additional power on the Police Commissioners was also reported. A report was made against abolishing the office of School Commissioner, which gave rise to a debate. Reports were also made favorable to amending the General Railroad act, to the General Game law, and against a loan of $500,000 ;to the Fishkill and Hartford Railroad, besides numerous others for local purposes. The Assembly agreed to equip the Sergeant-et-Arms with a sword, Ac. Several bills of minor im- portance were passed. The Central Park bill wasalso passed.monfort Small parties of rebels, proclaiming the cause of "religion," sprang up in several districts, and the city of Puebla, the strong- hold of Ve clergy, twice rebelled and was twice Bubdued. For a time the clerical inte- rest was kept in subjection. The Convention met, and on the 5th of February, 1857, the pre- sent constitution was concluded and signed. It provided for the election of President, and of the Chief Justice to succeed the President in case of vacancy.Under its provisions Gen. Comonfort andJudge Juarez were respectively elected Presi-dent and Chief Justice, and on the 1st of De-cember, 1857, Congress met, and they tookthe oath of allegiance to the consti-tution and entered upon the duties oftheir officer. On the 17th of December Col.Zuloaga pronounced at Tacubaya against thedent before a drunken mob, has affixed an in-dellible stain on our national reputation. Andnow it seems the House has been still furtherdebased by the shameful bargaining and co:ruption which characterised the controversy asto who should be its Printer. After a series offruitless balloting?, one of the candidates waschosen; but on the very next day thejiouserepudiated the election, and the vexed ques-tion was thrown back among the members forfresh combinations and new forms of rascallybargaining and corruption, and was not finallysettled till yesterday. It appears that, at- power than she possesses at present is neces-We have some additional particulars respectingthe loss of the steamer Hungarian. It is prettycertain that every soul on board the ship perished-Only three bodies have been found—those of a man, cessor. The capital being in possession of thethe man to represent its principles.In view of these preparations, the Union op- try is arrested; the House stands still, whilea woman and a child—neither of which has been insurgent army and priests, President Juarez identified. The only passengers known to have withdrew to Guanajuato and organized the go-position party ought to hurry up its Convention, the vermin that swarm in its lobbies are set-been on board were Wm. Boultenhouse, of Sack- Yille, N. B., and Dr. Barrett, of New York. Three trunks, belonging to Margaret Robertson, of Mon-vernment, which was Subsequently transferredto Its present seat at Vera Cruz, where it hasthe field. We want to see its candidate dressed,ry. As we learn from various sources, there have been two or three cliques at work in Wash- ington to secure the printing job. The headstreal, Robert Martin, of Toronto, and W. R. Crock- remained undisturbed for nearly two years, er, of Norwich, Conn., hive also been found. enjoying the voluntary allegiance of the Borne interesting extracts from our European greater part of the republic. The capital, and files by the Edinburg appear in our paper to-day. such a portion of the surrounding country as A riiumi of the standing and prospects of the the army can hold, has been kept in an un-American and other horses about to contend for the willing obedience to the reactionary party. Cheater cup and Derby stakes in England is given.shaved and brushed, and ready for action. Let For the reasons above named, the result of him be trotted out in good time, that all bettingthe coming elections in New England will be men may have an opportunity of judging ef his of the successful clique will divide with the very important Beyond the mere question as paces before they stake their money en the Printer, and the country will not only suffer to the predominance of one party or the other race, and that all others who have an interest actual pecuniary loss, but is now degraded in in the State, the question of trade—of actual in the Union—those who believe they have a the eyes of the civilized world, by this shame- bread and butter for the artisan—is to be set- deep interest in its perpetuation, and those who less venality and outrageous corruption. Here tled. The almighty nigger and the almighty think they have unequal interest in its dismem- we see the House of Representatives, whichPatti g< apprt 1 theO, fore nXEW < ket:or,Europe in April, but we do not ,t the metropolis will be withoat May and June. It will come be- btrries.TH«ATB.-A new pteea eaBed «<wTe» >• *»•• Cirse," written by Mr- H S. Cm«*• well saown traf*Uan, ass ba**T*, attained a moderate t*1****^ , ^ t ^ S h e n a n d ^ Y a ^ ^ l r t l s ^ ^third witness to the will, was then sworn, and his examination will be continued at the next sitting of the Court, on the 12th testDEGRADATION OF THE BOARD OF ALDERMEN.— of December of that year, when Gen. Robles A CREDIBLE Wrrssss AS TO REPUBLICAN DOC- The Board of Aldermen exhibit an extraordi-the lobby. Hew long is this state of things to The scenethe time U xte colonial era of tae Old Doaaw- ^ ^ ^ ,4ast? When shall we see some signs of public set (Mr. Klafit) is the last of his tribe, wi^^ m virtue among the rulers of the republic? ' white girl, the daughter of a P t o * ; J ^ T * , , , .per>>d of the F"»y. *"" tribe of Wl coo I vTj^bl0t% * FAILURE OP ILLUSTRATED COMIC PUBLICA- caption of the hero ard bis mother) bad A^tite.11 day; afternoon sqa*JI afternoon ovwreatt; nightdorlBf tea daypart In March leu J J f m * * ***** d«* book, and the doctrines of Seward's brutal and would hare filled the office in an efficient man-on the events of the day. To be enjoyable, Napoleon's wit, thus employed, should be natural in effectpower. Engaged in a war with the constitu- tionalists, which, if they fail, will result in the nationalization of the possessions of the eccle-i roj»rty; armed bands of marauders have beenniVt] into existence on their Northern frontier, ration a great deal of trouble might be saved tosince the strike commenced, in the HERALD. These estimates are about as follows:—be suggested for the ill luck that has hitherto attended them is, that they have not bees started under legitimate conditions of succeu.and the Texas counties on the Rio Grande ares ibject to their harassings. A band of their in-surgent followers are now marching northwardthrough Chihuahua, to excite the same bitterfeelirg on the Arizona frontier; a i l thtira^entk in Washington are moving heaven ande irih to prrvent the ratification of our treatywith President Juarez, which will decide theevent of the present contest in Mexico. If thetreaty is ratified the legitimate governmenttbere will be enabled to subdue the rebelliousthe Charleston Convention.There will be no difficulty thereaboutaplat-form. That is already settled substantially. Thequestion of Lecompton and anti-Lecomptonand squatter sovereignty, and all minor ques-tions, are swallowed up in the great issue whichhas been made by the republican party. Norwill there be any trouble about double dele-gations, for we think the Convention will sendthem away to settle their quarrels among them-selves, so that they may come back harmoni- on the increase, and before two weeks more opera was Rossini's ever welcome, ever chant-ous republic. If it is not ratified, the clergy willabout principles, and only differ about meremands of the journeymen—of which there is at present great doubt—the number of strikersb>- t'M bled to hold their insurgent position, andwhichcompletelyfilledthe house fromtoptoponed till Menday, on account of the non-re- In order < b arly to explain* these truths, it is preservation, which establishes war, occupa- about matters of minor consideration, in the The workmen in the towns of Danvers, South an arch, spirited and lively, performance, Brig-ceipt of certain information required from the requisite that we make a cursory examination State Department In the House a letter from of the causes that have led to the present con-t on and the safety of the priests in their im- presence of the mighty question which the Danvers, Ipswich, Beverly, Newburyport Mil- noli carried off the honors of the night, sing-Col. Hickey, the commander of the Washingtonmilitary, was read, bhuwuig the New York Seventhregiment, on their recent visit to the national ca-pital,wasUeatedinthehandsomestmanner. Thebill making appropriations for carrying out treatystipulations with the Indians of Washington and It was the triumph of the liberal party over Oregon was passed. The House then proceeded to the centralism of Santa Anna. On the ballot for a Printer, and Mr. Ford, of Ohio, was 11-h of December, 1855, General Alvarezelected. He received 96 votes, two more than ne- resigned his power to General Comonfort,their papers the dates when subscriptions expire who held office as -1 resident Substitute" was reported by Mr. Colfax, and passed. B^th until the National Convention, which had beenhouses adjourned till Monday. called to meet In the capital, should give toThe proceedings of the Legislature yesterday the nation a constitution, and the electionswere important, as will be seen by our special under it could be held. As soon as the dele- other three-fourths are only awaiting a fair op- public opinion will probably have disposedto operate upon their chances, like warm spring weather upon the remnants of snow banks. The public mind appears to be gradually settling down to>4his point—that no extreme Northern or Southern man will answer, but that some conservative from the Central States, some- where between New York and the Pacific, must be adopted to champion the democratic side of the great pending issue. And to that opinion the Convention will probably pay due defe- rence.dition of Hffairs in that*republic. The revolu- tion of Ayutla, which drove Santa Anna from p iwer. ended on the 4th of October, 1855, when Gen. Alvarez assumed the Presidential chair.There cannot, therefore, be much difficultyin the trade in the course of a few days. vinces with a fresh stock of metropolitanmense possessions.SINOILAR INDICATIONS OF INSUIRECTTON ANDREUKI.I.ION IN NEW ENGLAND.—We perceive thatNew Hampshire, and the same feeling will un-doubtedly break out In the other manufactur-republican party has forced upon the country ford, Milton, Framingham, Great Falls, Salmoaing the music exquisitely, and entering into the fun of the opera with much spirit All the ar- tists received the honors accorded to veritable success, and the prima donna goes to the pro-Lhe strikes among the mechanics of New Eng-1ind have extended from Massachusetts into on this score at Charleston. The only troubleWe may expect distressing accounts of the suf-ing States of the East—Rhode Island and Con-necticut. It is estimated that one fourth of the tract and divide the Convention. The Southernconsideration what can be done for their relief.creation hereabouts pill assemble, and all thswhole number of Massachusetts shoemakers candidates are 60 numerous that none of them have already rebelled against short pay and have any strength, and they threaten to useportunity to follow in the same direction. The of most of the candidates, North and South, labor question in New England, although nomi- before the time comes; already it is beginningtist having sung at thirteen out of the sevestoea operatic performances which have been gives. The season opened on the 7th of February.nally a social one, has really assumed a politi-withdrawal of Southern custom, the masters are unable to pay higher wages, even if they felt disposed to do so. This brings the question to bear directly upon the elections which are ap- proaching in New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Connecticut. It is understood that there is quite a revulsion of political opinion among the working classes of New England, and the democrats have some hopes of carrying one or two of the States. On the other hand, the re- publicans are shaking in their shoes for fear they may lose ground in the North through the result of these Eastern elections, and so both parties are straining every nerve to gain the victory. It is understood that large sums of money have been eent in from this city, to be used on both sides during the canvass. The elections will be* contested vigorously; every inch of ground will be dis- puted, and the result will be looked for with no little anxiety throughout the Union. If one or more of these New England States Bhould pronounce against the republican partyone operatic performance at Newark- the first and probably tile last that will ever be given in the Jerseys. The light cantabile opera hat been in the ascendant, the season opening with the "Puritani'' and closing with the "Barber.'' The "Puritani*' has been sung twice; tht "Barber" four times, "Sonnambula" three times, "Lucia di Lammermoor" twice, and "Martha'' three times. Adeline Patti has addedconstitution, in favor of the clerical and mili-tary privileges which that instrument suppress- on the direct issue of non-intervention with mastery, extending over all the Northernmany sharks after a ship. The moment a bit from the flesh pot is thrown overboard, they all settle upon it, and while tearing it to bits they not unfrequently bite each other. The same scenes occurred two years ago, when the democrats had the control of the House. Then the printing-job was di- vided up among half a dozen suckling pigs of small rural politicians, and miserable, half starved country editors. While this process of partition is going on, the business of the coun-Madame Gazzaniga, a grand artist whom Nee York delights to honor, made her adieuz on the 24th of last month in Pacini's opera of "Sappho," a role which 6he sang and acted magnificently. "Der Frieschutz" has bees given twice in Italian; but although Madams Colson, Signor Stigelli, and Jnnca, sang the principal roles exceedingly well, the opera did not prove particularly attractive.The orchestra has been under the efficient direction of Signor Mnzio.who has introduced two original compositions—the "Garibaldi Bs- teplan," and an overture—both of which hare been frequently performed and received with marked favor by the public.The company goes hence to Philadelpk*, Baltimore and Washington, for a month or BX weeks. D announced positively that lfi»ed. Comonfort, abandoned by the army, an- nounced his intention to leave the country, and on the 14th of January resigned his power formally to the hands of his constitutional suc-slavery, the South would be conciliated, and States, and culminating at Chicago on the 16th trade Vould flow back into its accustomed of May. The republican platform is fixed and channels. But, on the other hand, if the black settled, and the whole contest will be aboutThe Seguine will case was brought up on Thnrs' The course of this party has been checker-day last, 1st teat, before Judge Metcalf, at Rich- ed. On the 20th of January, 1858, a junta of dollar are so mixed up in the matter that even berment—may vote understundingly on theclaims to be the popular exponent of nearly forty millions of people, neglecting the pub-the cutest Yankee cannot separate, bufrniust gar was gone throngh with. Judge Winant,the Presidency. He held this office until the 23d perforce choose between them.great question which is to decide its fate.. mond, States Island. The examination of Dr. Ed- priests and generals elected Zuloaga to thelic business and wasting the public time in for Mr. >order to enrich half a dozen sucking pigs of duced t<::vated rather than ameliorated.pronounced in the capital, and called another TRINES.—During the contest for Speaker, the re-junta, the members of which were named by publican members squirmed and dodged a great degradation to another at every session. En-The annexed table shows thetemperatureof the himself, to elect a President Miramon, deal about Helper's book, which BO many of tering upon the duties of their office as they»tmo«pher« in this city during the week ending who was at this time commander-in- them had endorsed and subscribed for, but few, did, with a reputation for honesty and capaci-February w , the range of the barometer and ther- chief of the forces in the field, refused to re- if any of them, repudiated its abominable doc- ty of the very lowest kind, they seem resolute- r.tke Yariatton of wind currente, and thewith gnnpowder by Chandos, s w » * ' - ' ' * ^ ^ g^. po«8«8 th»ir lands. Thetodlaa'e* ^ ^ — 7 ^ . i ^TIONS.—We do not know why it is that illustrated state of the cognko the Robles pronnxciamiento, and re- riDes fairly and squarely. Joshua R. Olddings, ly determined that no act of theirs shall alter comie and satirical publications should be so- - , at three periods during each turned with force to the capital to reinstate in writing to his constituents in Ohio, a few the judgment of the public as to their entiredej, whose son is betrothed to the girlw b o l* T t o , - „daj^Yte^at• A, 1L.ead3«4»o'clock P ! M . : -Zuloaga. On the 1st of January the Robles junta, curiously enough, elected Miramon as President He reached the city with his forcesinvariably unlucky and short lived amongst us. f ptrttB a* ay. The Incidents of ths pW " " ^ J ^ , * *tles of black republicanism—a shining Light in vacancy occurred, and in every case they have to him, aa General Alvarea had on a former oc- the party, a candidate, we believe, for the Pre- refused to confirm the nomination. Two of theKl good. The dialogue " of months since with some promise of vitality, he piece was carefullyis already giving evidence of coma. Its first ramatic school. Mr. 1 bould be rrore seattttttmasmall beer has, In fact, become so marked thatpeople have lost all taste for it There is nothing THS OHBU AS YUTASA.—Th« so dreary as forced humor, more especially In SAun, under date Feb. 9 ,to General Comonfort; and he has ruled in the capital un- tuu of "President Substitute." His-ca-dttea in S T i l t r i o r ^ J * °8: publican journals. The doctrines of Helper'sie« oOBamJ rain; stitutionalallegteace^T return * tt«ir C<>Q- respectabilityandenergy, andeitherof themj of constant military effort towas resolved wttatovorbyteeaaaail Vera Crua, but reSTwTii!!!?* °ff°rt to Tacubaya assassinations, w a l c h o a n ^ i ^ ^ fbloody Rochester manifesto, form plank for ner. But the Aldermen, it appears, will notsidential nomination—and he ought to know thesentiments of all true republicans. When heMayor's former nominees at least were men eminently suited to the position—Mr. Tuckerbe art of repose. "mads as" aad play was placedpronounces that every sentence of Helper's and Mr. Libby; while Mr. Willett, the late She-book finds a response In ail their bosoms, there riff—whose name they referred to a committee governmentf*,^ring for0et *f * • I e «i t l m a t e is no doubt that he speaks the exact truth, how- at their last meeting—was equally qualified. 1 0 8 a n d b M d o a i ever it may be denied by timid second rate re- All three are unexceptionable as to character,few numbers were smart and telling, but in itslater issues the fun is dying out, and the satireis pointless. The descent from champagne to t w ^ i c b t f c * ! » £ • • _plank of the republican platform, and compriseUntitled Documentthe whole of the issue to be met at the coming Presidential election.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069confirm any of these nominations, excellent as they are known to be, because, as they allege, they were not "consulted" about them. Whatand just in its application. ditions it is simply a bore.the ItaJyta at thepseted tobetoNewTerk sanlga was expNKd at Havana,www.fultonhistory.comin all its naked simplicity, and which must be met by a direct negative or affirmative by the people ?Falls, Hamilton, and Portland, Me., have com- menced moving on the subject of the strike, and they will all probably join their brethrentent and respectableduty of the Aldermen to confirm the nomina- tion if the man is fit for the place and there sreason to suppose that he would perform its morals find favor here? It certainly is tstlike the Aldermen, for purposes which bear fective and taking as any one of those we |ave upon their face the impress of corruption. named. We have a national humor at pett-ier and distinctjve as that of any othei people, NEWEKGLAND.—Itwillbeseen,bytheaccounts and,sofarasthefreeandunrestrictedeasaloT- which continue to come to usfromMassachu- ment of it is concerned, we enjoy advantagessetts,thatthestrikeoftheshoemakersis thatnoneotherpossesses.Weareneithercredu- spreading there, and extending into the neigh- lous, superstitious nor intellectually dependent.We have but very little faith in systems, and boring States of New Hampshire and Maine. The still less in men. The satirist, therefore, hsswhole number of journeymen boot and shoe-the widest possible field for the exercise of hit makers in the New England States is probably wit. If he but steer clear of the righto of do- not much "thort of fifty thousand. This num- mestic life and of ill-natured personalities, heber does not include the females who maintain will be forgiven everything else to which hit themselves by doing what is termed the bind- humor may prompt him.Lynn, MsBPachueett?3,500 1,700TotalIn round number s the aggregate may be putlaurels.who, if not thinned off by some keen political abandoned their labor in midwinter, and the The season, which will close to-day with sthan can be anticipated is about the candidates,ferings of these working classes, who havehumane among us should begin to take into grand matinte, at which all the best part of8porteman before the 23d of April, may dis-But while the democrats are gradually get-ting out of their troubles abeut candidates, therepublicans are only in the commencement oftheir turmoil. At first the fight was betweenSeward, and Bates, of Missouri, the fossil candi-date of Blair and Greeley. But Bates has been tached to each of the candidates for Printer, effectually disposed of. notwithstanding thethree operas—the "Barber," the "Puritani" asd "Martha"—to her repertoire, la thefirstand last named works she has renewed her earlkr triumphs. For the "Puritani" a little morenomination he has received of some half dozen republicans and nondescripts in Mis- souri, a nomination which, for all practical purposes, might as well have been made in North Carolina. But now it is Cameron and Pennsylvania against Seward and New York, and a grand row may be expected for theeditors who follow in the wake of a job, like so successes, a great triumph in 'Martha.''republican rule over New England should beperpetuated, then we may expect that matterswill be in a worse condition than heretofore,and that the distress among the strikers and te platform and its man, lest it be too late in tling their plans for a descent upon the treasu- operatives in the Eastern States will be aggra-nary facility in descending from one point ofweeks ago, says that the republicans in Con- unfitness to legislate for this metropolis. We have seen scores of them started in our time, he s t i u « l e for the possenJoe of the gH. ** te ^gress felt humiliated at discarding Mr. Sher- Take, for example, the course they have pur-which have allflickeredout one after the other. feud brtwwn the Chandos family and * V V ^ ^ m* One of them, published in this city, which had determent, both Chnndos. fat sad >*«£• ' ^ dragged out an unusually protracted existence Wi-ce* Iketa^byalaewBtaand. P P T T ^ . .man, because he had endorsed the doctrines of sued with regard to the nominations for Presi- on the ititli of January, and, refusing to recog- Helper's book, "every sentence of which," he dent of the Croton Board, a most essential andthe piece is skilfully constructed, » * £ £ " . J I " am*,nise the choice of the Robles junta, reinstated Zuloaga. Bat en the 2d of the succeeding he forced Zuloaga to resign his poweradds, "finds a response in the hearts of all true responsible official. Four names have beenrepublicans." Mr. Giddlngs is one of the apos- now presented to them by the Mayor since the expiring. Another, which was started a couple and tejure the eSecta, which wonw.'...9,500200ance Of the season, and the farewell benefit of Adeline Patti, the New York prima donna. who is as great a pet with our public as Piecoriot, rowdyism and general confusion whichprevailed in the lower branch of Cqngress pre-vious to the election of the Speaker. Farmore degrading were the occurrences which There have been thirteen evening perfom- succeeded the choice of the Clerk of the ances, four matintes, two Sunday concerts, and House, whose conduct, in assailing the Presi-sary. Signor Brignoli has been singing finely there is a suite of half a dozen hungry country this season, and has achieved, among his prim'}ODow closely, < * - i £ £ , l £ strosK of a few years, is either dead or on the point of feries of anti-climaxes followGassier was te take pises at tee apublicationdevotedtosatiricalcommentaries GottschaJAwastoplayWithout these con-Abroad, these comic publications seem to wovatam,.ilk ****-T*There is no reason that we can see, why, is200 demy of Music presented, on last evening, i300 turned out in full force for the final perform-  