 mopgOTtanfiv**, et don©tai,^"JItUt bad _ t^aeral ©ov^^.Srstinstance w^^tediarftiDtW •"• That W O Q St do not intend to wait for that. But I uae the word lofty j tmconrtjuitional -act, vghich our people understandmuch better, and which expreeMe juat what I mean. indeed, .._.., , But »»longaaheconform*totheConstitutionheahooJdbelefttoaxeivvethedutiesofhi*office. Ingivingthisadvice,Iambutsnatoiniagtb*Consti- tutionofmycountry,andIdonottherebybecomea Lrm-oln aid mnn eiti.er (applaase}, but a Couatitutional^ w e o V a n d t o twith the wild extravagances of luxury, grown fat upon©nISew-Englaad,weshouldexhanst every meansof succeeded in dismembering this great Confederacy. fancycouldpleadwithrutleessavages,butwererather agreedtoplacethemselves underyour..Vcoamoand,inSavery in the States we have not interfered, tor h; V«'*«»'.Us. matter. L e t kpublicmakeowfc *•^ Governortak° BwbmU inon*. I wxonldba r^eGoTernor ha« re*i-*tance i n t h *» ^ctnal, and ir wxd ra the eye* « f !ih«m,lmtbjriMnwwas already ©j^ftr:*nd wvys that*W w»imyfriend, itw ftenrioa ofthe Lea. eraject,thatl5J 9 done before this !>I ' • h a s b e e n r a i l e d f -.So: y*>n w o u l d b e > *oi' dirfienhy, let at itfeecalled, fowbick r«wereigntyofthe/ ;h*electaon.of-Mx» etbeUnion. ^k>nj» ::"'..< 3 t (O tl^.-»iv^ h;n* the power than tve nohwivin^yhj theproperI>.*dyto^rirgi«ig about apejioefui solution of the «iue»tioo. Bat republicanism survives, and constitutional libertvincentivestotheirthirstforblood. Theirschemewasa butcherywith.axes,hoes,andspades,prosecutedumidmangledcorpsesandflamingdwellingsandwith. giancetothisCommonwealth,andIhavetoomuchright, however,ofthmkingandsayingwhatweplea**?v? onthatandevervother.subject,andwefreelyaccoiST tothepeopleoftheSouththeprivilegeofcallinga»k. not- Now, who >E;ion rule ?will. .i, Georgia will neverryer secede from the) ;i> re can be n o Abo- INR5. I am uot afraid on upon shi- and aS Uirc were not electe4 here to do their doty a :o support the Con*They did not cocoa I am, therefore, for Convention al the be people, wbeiber <ie or rests*, and the* r<?e? Soehacoanw Thev wonldyhavs ; •part history, blot ont ward, if they ehonli reebrd o r words, ac4HTrangeroent if they^ii*lHtnre *hould rea«»»srnctidhs ? Can anytl«na<^rt<d by most, if not ail tho otn«r South«ru6taw i >»*ow 1 would add but «»ne additioual pi uiii toeiacy, "methiiiks I see in my mind a noble and puis- sant nation rousing herself like'a strong man, aud shak- ing h e r invincible locks; methiuks I ge^ her, as a nscniin-eiits in this country render dehiys dangerousto rests the continued union of tne States; they alone can the stability of o u r Government, and the welfare of save the Republic. Will they difceharge their duty '.'par peot-le. If w e wish to crush an obnoxious doc- Delay is dangerous. While tneir newspapers areiavert» a port of technical term, connected with trea-gnn,whichhaecometoasfrom themothercountry, ' and it xceana an open act of rebellion. I do not »ee icw Mr/Lincoln can do thia nnkwe he should levyon its own independent, self-sustaining, self-protected 'j constituted authorities in the proper discharge of their has declared to be our duo, especially when tho preser- burdens will bo distributed equally. Mow* W*» her go, they ought to be allowed to go as qnlotlr aflfi duties, it cannot bo supposed that wo would now coun- vation of the Union depends upon it. In concluding (j^hs andrepresentatives at West Point, are *$&*****. peaceably as possible. For a long time the COMMKat necessity ooJd South Carohna to a conference. I wuuld ask the samehedgenti.-oi.i-,i%tx+.\ ofJ;11tieotherSouthernStates,sothatiftheevilhastages. The Southern Confederacy offers you an ample tired; and, after due consideration, reported the follow- in the conth)gency referred to they will be executed to themeeting at Temperance Hall last evening. I t waa cate the seceding States; but that done, what woulicompensation for your risk1—the assurance'of direct ing resolutions, which were passed, as expressive of the the letter. If .you desire to march against a Southern owing to a personal injury that I received but a" few they do with them? W e have no place under ourtrade with Europe, and free trade with the universal sentiments of the meeting: ' State, for the purpose mentioned in your-letter, raise hours before the meeting, that made it impossible. I Constitution for conquered provinces and tributaries.woiId!^Withthetoadvantagesgained,oncefreeof •Rcwlvrd, Thatinconsiderationofthefactawtforthintho yourtroopsathome,andpresentthemtothesons,of wish/ab-otoreturnmysincerethankstothosepatriots "SInmyopinhm,humanity,goodpolicy,andave»this Union, with your commerceemancipated,and your addrett;! just linteneJ to with deep interym, as from those that the South, as "food for gunpowder." We"have other composingthat meeting for the honor of having my self-preservation, combine to indicate a pacific Kne ofYoole^iaf•,«s, I servant- "imire> not their.u::fir4eta»jfe cojjntry; -o?>r country and all and and In-In2d—ia cignry,while therei and favored classes, nty. however muck ofourinstitutions* &throughwhi«*htha<>ar CoiiMtitntion deOfand.theyakm$of any Convention know no way to de» cnental law* excepthere fcffthatpurpose. I would wish the wnole Southytoteunitedit*thi»istobedone and I believe if we r/purine'thepolicywhich,1haveindicated,tnis canbe eliecud. ' .IntiaswayourtisterSouthernStatescanbeinduced to a<t Vv ith us, and I have but little doubt tnat thetial diheience ol race and the imperative subjection of iuefl.clencies sought jor'.' ••••,••'•? -; mind, the opinions and views of men holding high offi- 3, Thatvirile,ascitizensofVirginia, wearewilling and de-/ Respectfully, ' E . J . ROLLINGS. As has already been noticed a meeting has also beeat.,.1^'•*Jw$£*$&^^%0^&ff NEW^ORK: BAIL* TRI^IV^, FRIDAY; NOVEIHBER # . iseo. .—,.,Fellow-countrymen, our cause is n o t limited merely to the protection of ourselves and our material interests war upon ua. I do not, therefore, u»e the word overt. —not solely to the vindication of our honor, in thetbia branch of the subject, permit me to add, that if the>r r maxjf^bt our devotion t o herself a n d affection2w " «States bhve been troublesome and q^uarrelsomo taoaa*think theyoanbemadesuch. Butwhether it would ty—have provedpopular institutions tobeafailure? 3* w i»e tor this Legislature to do this now, is the ques- No! a thousand times No! These causes, combiaedhave been made en people congregatedto worship breathesnothing«?this kind; yout>ant the South Almighty God. Neither the Sabbath nor the precincts with your superiority of numbers, and threaten to crush of the sanctuary, nor the defenseless condition of the them by your fancied power'.J*'c«*Pomt N.Y.,Nor.12,1860. t• • -BANK -SUSPENSION.'i j 'thut jlailoim, which I have stated,and o^e wuich timeis* Bi.v"¥vn to be neeebsary. , • • | eagle, nerving her mighty youth and kindling her en.-trine, w e must do it at once, or it will grow to.befoimidable, and ultimately distract the peace a n d b a rridiculing'session and disunion, Southern States are calmly prepaiiug to dissever their connection with theII all ills laiL, we shall at leust have the satisfac- tior c : kaowing that w e have doue our duty auuaU ; ti.it tfittiofism could require. ,Mi. Mephens continued for some time on other mat- ters, w livh a r e omitted, aud then too* his seat amid grtalajj-htuiie.IKATJGURATIOX OF. A StceaSioN PoLfi.On Satuiday last the wholesale merchants of Hayne ljmd 31«.eting streets, Charleston, inaugurated a seces-dhstaled eyes at the lull mid-d>» beam!''^letbinks see o&r struggle o er;: 'the task of re • constiucticn happily a^'Cornphsbed, and the sovereign states of the Southern Republic, with peace and plenty at home, and assured respect abroad, .'realizing the glo- rious reward of a homogeneous nationality!owners in puTduit of fugitive slaves. tomouth-'disunionwaslookeduponaskance,and but,'rvghtornoright,secessionwillbeexercisedby IthasrefusedtopreventorpunishbyStateauthoritytheeicn jole in that city. A vast concourse assembled on I i.'ave steadily OLposed the isolation of the State. I the occasion, and several speeches were made, among j Lave always believed it to be our solemn duty to affili-fctutes cannot reserve the right to secede. They are should be as ignorant of the sense of the people of Vir- It is incessantly scattering firebrands of incendiary appeal* In give a tangible and practical direction to the very nat-thtiu t i e following, by Theodore G . Barker:I'XX.MA V-ClflZJESS O F THX SOUTHER.H &XPCBLIC:ate with the Southern States,.and " t o fight the battle in tie Union" until the last,ray of hope had fled. The evidence furnished by the recent Presidential cam-,us many nillioyfs of dollars, and shall Texas now be remitted 10 walkout of the Union with those mil- lions of our money 1 Suppose w e pay two hundred millions for Cuba one day, shall we pormit her to goEnquirer, aie, if they believe what they say, which I dent doubt. If Eastern Virginia were to take that around, the whole Western part of the State, to a man, woulu be leaving us. But, m truth, nine-tenths of the "It hair extended fanaticism into our own borders.lt.has invaded a 'territory b y arms furnished b y Emigrant Aid Societies, ender State patronage, and by funds furnished by for- t-ig» enemies in Canada and Great Britain.BenCath ti-is to< le shaft of Liberty*l»n^er ltl« sanctionptt;ivuc shout of numbers, and blessed by tue uappy t: en.—I ha\e/f/z it. "VSitb tne North hopelessly sec-it has invaded \ Lginia and shed the blood of her citizens on It has published its plan for tho abolition of Slavery every-ifepce against* wronjf^oold'he a^ many•r* on tbia floor. R**lat in no proper wn« w,v;\hd eymtathy anu comfi;euial tmtit, is being nual-•I wf•m*-,ae«tioofj t<? t h « t t, (»)B, orwnatconr•a niav taint b««t, andn the people i n theirred per cent from the serious apprehensions of such a tctor of <cmmerce, are no longer sale.m this Union. ; to the responsibility of the step and were prepared to necetiary, give my life fur the maintenance of the proportion, and all poisons who ura much in debt willioiot,toimteiil all ih the great workSIR:©^r'^artoUberty,onwbich will be U a the free ~i]. otTering* of bouthern patri^um—the first fruits S Lvotion to our State! Here wdi ner cmldrenassurailce louder tuan tiie wordso:by t i e p;ei aiaik.u and transmission of it to me.Ibe country is deeply exvited. Sectional feeling forthwith to declare that they are opposed to tho dis- a slaveholding nation, or entirely a free-labor nation."cast his vote for the candidates whose publicly an- nounced views will come nearest to his own individual opinions, w e hope and trust that such unavoidable dis- cussions and diherencee will be conducted in a temper- ate, grave, and conciliatory Bpirit, worthy of the over- shadow ing importance of t h e question a t issue, t h a vital interests of our section a n d State, and the para- mount necessity of union a a d harmony for the- cooar men defense.*Voi»»TheNorfolk(Va.)Herald,Nov.20., Although we cannot consent t o a sectional.divisionof our Union, not seeing the least necessity for it *at present, we are clear for leaving those States whick seem to be bent on secession to work out their own favorite theory without molestation. W e shall n o t s-eek by the use of irritating language to co&vnwe them that they are pursuing a wrong course, but le&vm themtothen-selves,and hope that otherswhodepre- cate their action will do likewise. T h e great body of the South has manifested its fidelity to the Constitatioa and the Union at the recent election; but it cannot tolerate any armed interference t o suppress what a t deemtd the*rash and ill-advised course of its erring sisters,who, if satisfied that the Federal Government will not interfere with a seceding State if she shouldprefer to leave the Union, will be more apt to apply voluntarily lor readnission than succumb to coercion-^. So let them go, if such is their determinatieiou Tho* supposition that.the incoming President wuTl ^rampla, on the rights of the South, as a matter c/A course^.-is, hardly ptetext enough to justify their leaving tha. UnLn, when the South has every guav.in.ty but ooe>which it can derire, for their protection.—an anUj-Re- publicanmajorityiutheHouseofKefcesentatives—a majority in the Seuate friendly to tb © Southland an. iuu\ pendent Judieiary which has evf pstrictly guarded the lights of tbe South—aye, and. the coiawrvatlva feelingandsentimentoftheNorf"u|whichis.dailyfcor*©ft m c»y,^li.i.L'1-sr-stiongerthan, ^ ^ ^ ^ i S S ^ S S ithe future with fearful and alarming apprehensioha. may be lairly and constituuonally elected Ffesident ox The prudent, comidorate, reflecting minds of the mt- tbe Uniteo states, so long as he supports the Consti-stitutiou, ignoring the rights o f property, and destructive o f the harmony o f oar federal system, and the equality o f the State*.The success,therefore,ofthat partyinthelate electionis an open and oihcial avowal by a popular majority o f the non-slave- holding States that there will be no pause m their aggressive war- fare, until the full success of their fell purposes.'Tne ti»e, therefore, has come for us " t o put our house in or- der," and, if need be, to stand by onr arms.We will not give the enemy time to collect his strength, and wieldthepowersofGovernmentagainstus,by waiting forany further " overt act." Therefore, be it,Htiolred, 1. That the election o f Abraham Lincoln to the Pre*, ideney upon t h e principles avowed b y t h e Black Republican party, it. h i our opinion, a virtual overthrow o f the Constitution and oftheequalrightoftheStates.2. That the idea ofsubmission by the South totheruinof such a man and such a Party should be- repudiated from one end of herborderstotheother. •S; That i n the language o f the Constitution o f Alabama, under which the was admitted into the Union, " All political power is inherent i n the people, and all free governments are founded on their authority, and intended for their benefit; and, therefore, they have at all times an inalienableandind«fea»ibleright to alter, reform, or abolish, their form of government in such man- ner ti» they may think expedient."4. That, in the present state of things, it is the deliberate opin- ion of this meeting, assembled without distinction of parties, that the State of Alabama should withdraw from the. Federal L nion without any further delay than may be necessary to Obtoiar in t h e speediest manner a consultation with other Slaveholdiug States, in the hopo of securingtheir cooperation in a movement which we deem essential to our safety.A PENNSYLVANIA VIEW O F SECESSION.TotheEditor ofTheN.1'.Tribune. s Sxn: You have seen what a vote Western Penm r\-vania gave toLincoln and Hamlin. I knew we sho .dowell,buttheresultwasbeyondmyexpectatiofcr^ktt-ent ^ t 1 ^oftnat actiontution of the United States', executes in good faith the lawb ol the Union, and retrains from a coarse of meas- ures calculated to violate our rights and destroy the value of our property, which we know cannot be done il tbe.Constitution and laws, as they now are, are sup-t Tci eoi ner;6Mblexxeinanow. unholyalia*nc«;g ^ J S T w i i b tbeir Northern enemies in a dis.oa-or rtadnowoisionoiiog partnership. W e tais day 2kbi"uw our escape from a thxallu>m uot born.with us, S,r tri-tinitted ficni a common pai-eutage.. We neuce- ^/thalaiorever bid adieu to>our systeaiaUc atendcesfc " ifcaaii* Uiis Union—for t u e preserva- 5;r T-e maintei^ee ol this Union—ior tne preeerva-IX,\ t'i the sentiment of a common nationality. Hence- £ ; wa/d car devotion i» exclusively pleogea to »»au- 1 ^ ^ £ n ' ©hr sacrifices and our se»uiments a^e tamed We"to Jr *** States of the South.^ Toe veryern opinion, and Northern power, no longer floats on the breeze of Southern patriotism, then may paralysis seke upon the limbs of your noble commerce, and the silent grass cover the pavements of your now traffic woxn and busy streets. ' .But on the other hand, if vou are true to yourselves —true'to the high destiuy which awaits you, and which Providence bids you'fulfill—if y o a a r e men, and can indeed rke through trial, difficulties, and danger, to the urai deur of the conception of a Soutuern Republic— u e n am I justified in addressing yoii as worthy citizens of that republic—then, truly, may this day be held:a day of great rejoicing, and a grateful posterity will look balk upon this declaration of your independence with tenfold bh-s*ings upon the memory of their brave and noble sires!party.. With great*respect, yours,R . H . FIXLJD.Enat*iiavion7ism uZZoli,W&M%E£2£ *"srim is well calculated (1 boi.e it was not so intended) to'add iuel. to-a ilame that is burning with suflicient intensity now. •• - , • -.• 'In your haste to assiul yo.ur Southern fellow-citizensyoufeeemto have forgotten that your own State is,tonxae extent at least, responeiblo for the present alarm-CharfctttfrrUie, Oct. lb, lacC- "L w * U r^cueo'has been no involuntary serVHude-- so .-,,.-. .~ ii.*. base tyranny of our »o cinking snbu.nj.ion to the rather a patriotic Zx> w*o ana acknowledged dominion -* loug-sulieriug;.. .. ..MINOR ITEMS.bent riirT:^ bich baabound ustourn toU wSsttwy-a-Z Washington, whichMEETIKGO FCITIZENS .VIRGINIA.LONDONBRIDGE,rescue bis principles from the dark T-, i*t now bids us rescue ha*p.- ,A TLnon, nvw.:«.itji9nj--.bis own solemn wordsAt the call of the Committee of Safety for the Lon- don Bridge Magisterial District, a very large meet ng of the citizens of Fiiucess Anne was held at \Londoua v •cjtetuity of tho Union, under the Constitution; j, Ime that such-a course would not only have beenan anomalous prcceeeciog, but wholly inconsistent with the wkdt.m and Bound judgment which marked the de- liberaiione of those wine and good men who framedthe°7 "" i*wj«wof the South, in thetion aie engaged in laudable and noble efforts to allaythe excitement, restore confidence a n d kind feeling,remove ill irrituing eauses of diiierence.'and, it possi-ble sav e the Union from dissolution. I t is a t this time,and under such circumstances, that you seud me aletterdenunciatoryofthemotives.andconductofapor- portedbythePresident of the UnitedStates^andhis tion ot the Southern peoile, and which, in its tone audthe." >jmiatbyin and from what? From 'ShiveryI flowingnagofdefiancetoNortherncompetition,North-? ithe cause of aoutaeru emancipation," ^ to tue worldrt «,«r \*T his words—** beware of sectionalism. . I Bridge on the loth inst. The meeting being organized * * ^ T ^ ^ b e w a r T o f the North, for.the North uleal to you and to the conservative element of theNoith to .ai-ouse vourselves at once aud initiate the; rot er meusuics tb secure a repeal of those obnoxious our-hederul Government. While I freely admit thatU-R you thco, beware <>i of fo.-eigu indu-—Geoige T. Rogers iu the chair and G. Barron Glenn,awV. Such action on the part of your Legislature willhave a most hurpy influence in refievuig the SouthernBuch an opinion iB entertained by many for whose •judgmentLentertainthehighestrespect,I havenoge<retaiy—theCorauitteeofSafety presentedthefol- S i ^ t t ^ S S S d S S . is there arrayed agaiust you. lewing addrets explanatory of the objects of the meet- fci.nsre*tforeign«*"««.,, Jj,,^tmmof ing,whichwasreadwithearnestattentionandwith**Beware ofinternal * * « g ^ for thut ^ o a Li- warmapprovalbythemeetingatlarge:*1J pcfirical anion with the North, io r tua* ui«u ^ FJCIXOVV-CITIZENS: Events of a ominous characterniiidi:ndrestoringpetu^eandquiettnroughoutournow fearfully excited coiftitry. v ~ hesitation in declaring that tne convictions of my own Wt> have the right kind of Republicans here. Seve; •cresring and strengthening. If all this I* not amp>ahashumanity^nointerestinourstruggle? causeof.constitutionalgovernmentanarepublicaalib- ertyn©Sympathywithourcause? Thinkyouthe geniusofconservativedemocracynaslookedonwith- out resentment at the foul slur cast upon the fair famemanwmtim.'Mim i * n •Hasthetentiontotheimmediateobjectofthismeeting.It appearsthat aninsurrectionarymovemontofa mostdiabolicalsfcaracterhadbeenconcertedwithin thiscoimtyandmadjacentvicinity,whichmovement came to light ouly in time to prevent its outbreak.;i;eenknownor^ppvedaftedinburpasthistory,willbe thenecessaryrcsclt. ••~l-'m-. *•. It-vrillrequireprudence,wisdom,andpatriotismjto avertthoevilsnowimpendingoverourcountry.Crim- ination and inflammatoiy language, can have no otherderoftheterm'-feederMr;LincolnasCommander4n* Chief,andbesubjected,atallrimes,totheordersofa Government,theadnrinistrafionofwhichmustneces- sarilybeunfriendlytotheCommonwealthwbich^has so far preserved a spotless record, ^nd of which we,withos>',wecanyeryeasilytfffordtopartwith$&mv":,-...^ Still,theseveranceofthisU-^011M»»seriousmaUer.adeplorableevent,iorwhichthWA1<H»willbehol4>«s^# responeiblo. Wehavevotedia&?<}QTdancawithoar views as,to the best interesta of o"«w«iv«« »»d «^* > country,andwecertainlyfeltthatwe«adtherightt», doso.Weasknoright,noprivilege,w^»>chwewould ' denytothepeopleoftheSouth. Weha>« Totedto>1%rmmdGen.JacksoninthecaseoftheFrench. Be<ii^"no*recommendreprWlsuntilhohadtreated trust,toaremoteposterity.•with France, and* got her to promise to male indemtu- I am not ono of those who can bear to scoff at the all the revelry of hellish hate. A crime so deep de- respect for my fellow-citizens of all parties to suppose fkationv and it was only on her refusal to pay the lost grandeur of this dying Republic. It has/indeed served condign punishment.jetscn arid rudiment to give u» our rights. Then, if jeafccnshouldnottriumph,itwillbetuneenoughto w-tor.itrej'riH»,h»,andweshouldbejustifiedintheshort but btilhant history will not be lost to us or man- kind. Butremember,^hx>,itswarnings. Bewareof thetendenciesofanntjonty government—rememberwas said to be more than ordinarily intelligent; he was orderedtobetransported beyondtheUnited State*,whilesomeoftherest,undoubtedlybelievedtonize their .obligations to the State, and will hold them- selvesinreadinesstorespondtothecallofheirconsti- tutedauthorities. Wenovyhavein.VirginiadulyandThe right to go out of the partnership Ma revolution- aryright—arightassertedandclaimedforallpeopleS» theDeclarationofIndependence. IftheSouthernwillyetbeperpetuatedinthekeepingoftheSouth,I•JMyfriends, I feel that I"would be stealing the ap- fcbe has attempted to eepnrate these State&r-sooner orvery nearly unanimous, differences of opinion must It bus kept m wu*>»id>,temiseories of incendiarismto corrupt naturally be expected, and undoubtedly exist, as to theplause ol some of you, at least, if I did not frankly tell j o u that I cannot boast of having been a secessionist Dtfore» Whatever superior credit is d«e to the advo- cates 01 a p\;l!}cv»*n advance of tue public sentiment, on the solemn issue nov7 presented, candor compels m e to say that I can lay no claim to sttch honor.mode and measure of redress. That the election of Lincoln, with all its antecedent surroundings a n d i t s inevitable future effects on our domestic institutions, ia a pah able outrage and an evident insult to the South, is sell-evident; and that something must be done to-jitknalized, I see before u s , i n this Union, naught but the lui eial pall of black despair aud degradation. T h e news of Georgia's resolute determination, the impres-J^i teiAO- T i e im t h a k which binds tne Soutneru sion created in the South by the announcement of Lin- mit to the secession of the South. If the worst comes the bloou of our brothers;cmt ii* o l woman s brightest smiles, Southern commercecalculated'to encourage'tne fire-eaters o f Soui,n-Caro- Tie people of -the North will never pcacenbly sub- lina and Alabama to treason and rebellion, bring on. a civil war, and crench a portion of oui-happy land with•rillbemeant? Ooa**- retaliatorj.' meaa- tii, day ticchims hex sympatuy iu the grand move-fce<eceispreporterouf. _ • 'Xtei t O. t h e South t o poli.i a l • and commercial lude-c<ln's election, the enthusiastic unanimity of our own to the wciet, let brother go towar with brother, and^tttetvio t i e JSoiih iu this L'uion—the link of com State, have fulfilled the conditions, heretojore wanting, let the stibngcr party take possession of the> •«•hole. 'ihese Southern DisuuionirfH want a Southern Confed-Ivfevenu. ' i h e bnsij««*-n>eu of Hayue and .ueeuug r? e ^oeetion fairly t«> «rtut*, in erectiug here io-day a.stanuard of Laoerty. R nntraaainelc-d Ooa- "per., the fold ofwuose bannef « mscMOed the proud mUtoif oux State, declare to ttrf jnorcautile classes ofto warrant my abandoning the platform of preconcert-ed cooperation. I, for one, paused before committing —no Northern'Republic, but a Union of " many ininsc that the timee re-come enabled to purchase African blave-s at one hund-red and hity dollars, to cultivate tneir cotton lands. Two hundred of your Virginians have tendered me The pike of negroes hero will fall.at least one hund-and form, a n d finally by t h e Executive, b y Congress, by tho postal service, and in ev».-ry way to agitate without ceasing until the Southern States shall be abandoned to their fate, and, worn do^n, shall be compelled to surrender and emancipate their slaves. •". it has repudiated the decisions o f the Supreme Court.It assails us from the pulpit, t h e press, t h e school room. I t divides all sects and rehgiousas well as parties. It-denounces slaveholders as degraded by the lowest immortalities, insultsHowever bitter our past controversies may havebeen, this is not the time for mutual reproach a n d crimina- tion.Let us bury the hatchet and eome together, Bell men,Breckinridgers and Douglarites, .as true sous ofLouibiana and of the South, to deliberate in a fraternalfciirit upon tbe present crisis, and to prepare as one mastmy whole faith to the policy of separate State action;and, believe me, there was good reason for your lead-the South,that theinterestsofcommerce,andthe ersthentopause—goodreasonfortneuitorequirepos- th<ircommandintheeventofdisunion. Iamatyour rtBult.•Theprior-oflandwillcomedowninthesameitive assurance that their own people were fully alive peivice—I will n:arch at a moment's warning, and, ifI LU\* been honoied witn tue commission of annomic- meet the consequences of possible i&olation. I have Cc7ifiltlvtio7t ami the Union. ''.•/•'. / .. be biokeh up entirely and ruined. If their debts itg aiom tiis platiorm. that the wholesale merchants j amount to one-hall of what their property is nowyoU**ererlastiiigdi(*f*f^ i a andanthegreat whichhavorecentlytranspired•within'thiscounty, ofherproperty--thatyouwillceasetoembarrass, TotheEditorofTheChaHc»ton Mercury:a b j t D < a >Toike^e^^ ^J^*°2^Vc^arle»toa Lre-shaking our confidence in the jost administration of thoai u lend your aid toeflect their execution, according to SIR: South Carolina will, at an early period, redeem W e look very calmly heiro upon the turmoil in the theirletterandspirit-thatifherpropertyshallescapelaws, ard jeopardizing the public safety, haye induced «it,**m**t^w 2S^L2Fw5^»*»^v «* usiiAhedh-eharueofourduty,toseek'Listructiou from you, as to the course to be pursued for the redress of jrrievances and for your future security. TaughtfitTtl-ntitis promptly restored to the rightful owner. and proceed to organize for herself ^ separate Govern- for going out of tho Union, we are all agreed; b u t w e • t issolntiou of the Unioa., than to ho oatisfted with onr s£* tieRS}utriotu,m enoughinFennsylvanntand ment;aGovernment of which our belaved Calhoun I pr<M*nbrelationsamir;-.roapects,%adthusinvkefurtbo* othernon-slavcholding States to grantwhatthelaw himself wouldappipve,andin.whichtho benefitsand arcalmostasunanimousiatheopiuioathatift&eywill 1Jic^ha^ts^r^'AeVT^Uts^^insUtIEo5 t^SS^ ^ I ' t f S S n S S f SeSSTrevolatioa of Soutuern.«from our youth to revere the laws, and to uphold thew . ^ —>>.l..J '. . . . . . ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• M M> » M i i i i i i i i n m sfo\^'%^ — l ^ * ' - . ' ^ .••#^^sife'"ivenauce. or'counsel any act that does n o t become goodcitizens of a well-ordered Commonwealth; but thereare^unee, Ukethe present,,,when;to,/remain silently the?Unit^ W'illbo perpetual, our country will continue, we will be found under the folds of her banneJ^ have been constrained to submit to a national polioy fw£*?&iHt^^ the loss"of that to gri^w£$& ppwetandinfluence,.the people oftaJl;Beo- Though tbb reception of a diploma at the National that has bad a most ci^bing effect upon the proAerkVpresent cause; so, tdmultaneons with her withdraV8^jnaniiix^^hich canno^j^ its echo eveninrcmon- tipi s will hVje secured to them the blessings of peace, Academy is'certainly to be desired, yet we cannotso .and progress of this eece4ion of the Union. W e feelstrnnce. Perriiit UB, then," very briefly to call your at- qiuet^aidbrc^r,.aiid a prosperity,' such as has never stifle our conscYpfcsness o f duty as to serve the remain- tjJSt-if our cotton-growing' friends can afford topa**^aidman. ButthismattertheConventioncandeter- ofherinstitutionsintheeyesoftheworld,byahate- Themaintacts,theplot,itsramifications,andmeans, effectthantoexasperateandthusprecipitatearesult aresojustlyproud.mine.' fulconspiracyattheNorth1Thinkyouthecorrup- wereproven,withoutdoubtorcavil. Thoringleaders thatisalreadyimminent. Inthiajbourofdangerto Weswear-tofollowtheMLoneStar*'inherpresent A*totbeothermatter,Ithinkwehave a right to tionsofparty—thelust^ofNorthern power—the rage andothersconcernedwere'capturedandlodgedwithiu theUnion,itisthedutycfpatriots in'all sectionsof pathof:rectitude;andif.bychance,she1 jgoastray,weTP«ee reiaBatory roea*»ireis provided they be in accord of Northern fanaticism, carrying the abuses of univer- our jail. Deep horror pervadtfd the community when our country to cultivate a kind, generous, and concilia-- will be-with her still. All we desire is a'fceld for mak- deny ourselves the privilege of-carrying t ^ v e a intaance with the Constiution of the United States, and I sal suflrage to the point of even asserting negro equali- the plan was divulged. A slaughterous attack was to toiy spirit one toward another. Youi* letter, however, ing ourselves useful. ' SOUTH CABTOMKIAKSVTerritory n o w Free, n o matter howweUi^ntayvb*;; v: fc adaptedtothatkindoflabor;.andweonly„iaC*«re>spect, do to them as we have done to ourselves. w,Jttt>•A :tion. To the Convention, in my j udgement, this inat-I WOTiM rtNsoo** ter OM'J.% to be referred. Before w e commit reprisals South«r contributions to Northern wealth, have at last people, the helplessness of women, or the cry of in- Ton assure me that "two1,hundred Virginians" have From the following resolution it will "be seeai that we the smallest intention of doing so. Wc-re«etvet.\*/'xavx«y wl.K-Jbsha bad prondsed that he recommended that "two hundred" of them in any part of the &tatojepri*ila. Itwasafternegotiationhadfailed. Ido beenaglorioustriumphoffreeinstitutions. Thedis- ^Whilewewereorganizingourpatrolsandcounsel- arewillingtogotoPennsylvaniafora commander, prevails,ofthesuspensionofthelargomoneytradewithth* terms,theymastgo,forIcanperceivenorighttha*easeswhich have*undermined it are common toall tLnk,therefore,tl»atitwouldbebe«*beforegoingto knownhumansywtems. Itsdeathshouldbenodis-ing, our eervmits to demean,themselvesorderly,andtoavoidthesurepunishmentthatwonldfallupontho . guilty, the astounding news reached us, that our Courteven if theyhaddeterminedto aidinthe ungraciousworkofreducingaSouthernsisterStatetotheabjectcondition of a conquered province of the Federal Gov-South,usualatthisseason,andofthe pressureoftho lawrequir- the adienng States have tocoerce tLem. Theide* ingthebanksofthiscitytoredeemthocircuhuionoftheirbranches .a.lawwhichbestswtth specialseverityonthisbonk, thatunderliesthi^Union'wthatitsmelibera are tree0 because of the large number of her branches—speck* payment bo independent of each other, and that the relatioa t h e yaxtten.e me«uAaes with our confederate States, to couragementtoourcontinuingthegrandexperimentof make pfeeentation of o u r demands, to appeal to theirself-govenimentforourselves. Thegreatlessonsofits couldfindno,guiltuacharged,saveinanegrowho ernment. AlltrueVirginianswill,Iamsure,recog- forthepresentenspended;andthatacourseofpolicybepur- >oaronetoanother iseqoal,fraternal,volintary^sued which will prepare for an early romiroption."'..'•: . , " J.A.SMITEC,Caslrier.,whatyourgrievancesare,andiftheyrefuse,as1said, Carolina,yourownCalhoun. Seetotheprotectionof' custody onbail! In view of thesefacts,,wo have of artillery,lOycompaniesofinfantry,and110compa- 8. TheDirectoryoftheBankofthe Commonwealth thenatoaseparation frem us,I aeenothowweam ' to t^i\v us oar rights under the Constitutionof our theminority; bewareofthsabuses of universal suf- thoughtpropertoconvenethisevening,persuadedthat niesofriflemen,uniformed,andwellpreparedforserv- alsoheld a meeting yesterday,and wasto havemet denytothemtherightofjudgmentonthiamomentooa „TheDirectoryoftheExchangeBankheldameetingeye* cf a civilized world. A t least let tne States know the teachings of the great State-Kights 'Champion of be more guilty, were ordered to be discharged from legally organized, 88 troops of cavalry, 26 companies yesterday, and will meet again thismorning at half past j.coyle really think that sufficient cause exists to xrripei.H. •com.tiv,1shouldbewillingasalastresorttosever frage;bewareofDemocraticAbsolutismLButbenot thepeopleofPrincessAnne,sodistinguishedforgood ice. Thinkyou,mydearSir,underthesocircumstan- againlasteveningat7o'clock.Onmquiryatthe.questiomWeclaimtherightofjudgment,too.They-the tieaof this Ur.ion. - [Appkiuxe.ldiscouraged. The torch of liberty, which was kindled order and the support of the laws, cannot see the stances, that any' "two hundred" men in Virginia Bank of Virginia, at balfpaat 4 last evening, w e may come to the conclusion that honor, wisdom, ana . '3 1 y o w n o o i n i o n i s t h a t , i f t h i a c o u r s e b e p u r s u e d , andiheyareinformedoftheconsequencesoisrefusal, these Spates will secede; but, if they should not, tnen l e t t h e r e e p o x i b i l i l i t y o f ^ t h e c u n s e i | u c u c e s r e s t u p o n them. Another thing I wuuld have the Convention to do: RetJfirm tLe Georgia PL.tfonn, with an additionalb y t h e g r e a t m e n o f 1 7 7 6 i n t h e j l i r e s o f t h e A m e r i c a n c o n s e q u e n c e s t h a t w o u l d e n s u e f r o m t h e i r m a l - a d m i n - Revolution,isalreadyparsingintothehandsofthe istrationwithoutthedeepestconcern.w o u l d s e r i o u s l y p r o p o s e t o i m p o r t a c o m m a n d e r f r o m f o u n d t h a t t h a t b a n k b a d n o t , u p t o t h a t h o u r , t a k e n p a t r i o t i s m a l l c o m b i n e t o j u s t i f y t h e i r c o u r s e ^ w h i l e PennsylvaniaI No!no1 xouhavebeencruelly anyaction. TheTraders'Bankwillholdameeting wemaydecidethattheyareunreasonableandmad* hoaxed by some wag, who desired to play off a good this morning, and also the Bank of Richmond, to con- and that their action is treason- Which view Si to>leaders of the Southern Revolution of I860. The ex- p e r i e n c e o f n e a r a c e n t u r y w i l l t e a c h t h e m h o w t o k e e p it. bright forever.: COMMITTEX OF SAKKTY—THIRD ni3TJR.lCT.. O n m o t i o n o f D r i A . G . T e b n u l t — d u l y s e c o n d e d — the Chair appointed a Committee of Fourteen to take inconsiderationsomecourseofactiontobopursuediuj o k e a t v o u r e x p e n s e . ' ' : . ' ; "You have no right to com© into Virginia to raises i d e r o n w h a t c o u r s e t h e y w i l l p u r s u e .p r e v a i l ? o r w h o o r w h a t i s t o b e t h e u m p i r e t I f w e let them judge in the premises, and quietly retire, w « leavetherest ofthe Unionasitwaa\butthould theItistruethatthegrandspectacleoffree-tradeamongplarkinitiLetthatplankoethef•iliiiluentoftnesoninnyassociatebutdistinctsovereignties,isone viewofthecircumstancesandfactssetforthinthoad- casiontosaytoyou,inthekindestspirit,imaginable,Thefollowingisfrom TheMobileTribune,: .ACARP.-—EditorTribune:Allowmethroughyour GeneralGovernmentdeterminetouseforcerthatmo-obligationonthepartofthoseStatestorepealthese obuvxious laws as a condition of our remaitdng in the TJi i' T). Give them lime to consider it, and I would a?- all States South to do the same tting.I am.tor exhausting all that patriotism can demandt>eforetakingtheh*#tstep..1wouldinvite,therefore,whichwecanwellpausetodwellon.,Supposeyou dressjustreceived. thatsuchacoursewillbetakenatyourperil. Itisdo for a time somewhat jeopardize its manifold advan- The Committee, being appointed and announced, re- made my duty to eee that the laws are executed, andcolumnstoofferanapologyfornotbeingpresentand mentitischangedfrom aRepublictoan Empire,answering to my name as one of the Vice-Presidents of Ihe adhering,States could earily conquer and »ubju-Cottoncroptobackyou,youcancontroltheNorth hayereachedUBfromotherunquestionablewourcea, antothe andbetterusesforVirginians.nameappearasoneofitsVice-Presidents,foricertainly pblicytowardtheseturbulentStates,whoeofieryandlvi««edyont..ttSEi ro-n tb*> crot<s~r»»ajB i have no prnvv • »$l i e p e o p l e , a n •! y g ^the emw-r'kxl?': Wncpie in tins eewatryjiroferifs, whether m.and wbewarq she>Mguty is hot i i thmthe wverefgnir. X tear this Government asunder. l*»u were not sent The pervading idea of the' "Constitution—the essen- the law should be boldly declared and expounded, ratherthan its present time, in the excited condition of the. public tr he heard. :vsd *»got1«yoj.dourcontrol,whichGod,inhismercy,grantmay i-«it be the case, let us not be oivided- among our-Belvta "(cheers], bat, if possible, secure the united co-anddictatetheterms of commercialinterchange. Southerners! the great principles of truth and philoso- phy are in your keeping. The lie which has beenregaiditasfarmorehonorablethantbepositionas-soon be erased. That greater truth, that " all men are kbiie in hund. ''" --not born free and equal," written by the finger of God in lines so plain upon the world's, history, and so in-.2. That the peculiarcircumstances and imminentdangers now surrounding u» and existing insour midst, demand rather the rigor of the law than the squeamish mercy of the courts; andMr.STrPHiw?—Iwouldnotkickthemout. Butifthey ihote to stay out, they might. 1 think, moreover, parted from then;, and henceforth, before theV world, this matter into consideration, that thus the opinion and feelnrgs ment atohome, to discharge their constitutional duties,entialpeopleofthiscity."—MOBILE RESOLUTIONS.The following are the preamble and resolutions gress ot the United States; therefore, be itadopted at the Mobile meeting on' the evening of the Retolred, That w e now instruct our Representatives and Soss- ator elect to the Legislature to use their, utmost endeavora,»•» TSthinst.: . soon as they are organized, to pass a law requiringthe cituons ot this State to vote, as soon as m ay be practicable, on tho pro-thitt the** JSorthern States, btn.g principally eugaged 41ciples directly opposed t o t h e institutions o f our State, wbieliin mainlacture* , wojuhJ'nnd that t^ey mui asmucn in- teres;' iu the Union under the Constitaii^n as we, aud. that they-would return to their coustitutionai duty— tLis wevld *^e my hoj^. If they should not, and if the Jdidohia2<d W estern States do uot join us, we should a tare likely to be carried out by him and a majority of the Coia-Tnc Constitution ofM representative* ofhe State Of Georgur least Lave an nudi.ided South. I am, as you clearly of Democracy driving onward to the license of mpb- the people chosen a tthe question wlriclfh-. .. in the lant^uagaIhe Presidential election has resulted in the triumph of utary ebect upon them. Should this admonition fail, - itectioruulsm over the supportersof law, order, and the Constitu-law, and'their Conservatism quailing before the tyran- ny of mere numbers. See. capital hurrying homein gildedchariots,withcurtainsdrawn,to*hideitshead in innermost retreat from the ferocious demands andCnioi;, then I am for tneir maiuteuance, at all hiizards, night from luxurious slumber, by the fearful cry of cnt ciit.. ^iext to the honuraad glory of Gcorria, desperate millions demanding Work—or Bread—or the lai.d of my birth, I hold the houvr and glory of our Bleed ! See these things, and envy Northern pros- common country.. In Savannah I was maoe to say by perity if you dare ! In the commercial panic of 1?$57,.the ;epoit«is, whovery often make mesaytilingsI wherewas reaction andsecurity'firstfoundl Inthe *wlithIneveraid,that1wasfirstfortoegloryoftne! South. Inthedreadcrashofthecrisis.of1&61, where, wl« le ct.untry, and next far teat vf Georgia, ' j in this broad land, will life be safe and property secure?I >aid the eiact reverse of thi^. 1 aui proud of her *I tell you only in the wide fields and amongthe negroes lis*01j , ol her present etandiug. I am proud even of of the'fclaveholding States of the South.. 'JL'hey see it— fceimitto.whichIwouldhavedulyrespectedatthe tLt-ybegintofeelit—-but,alas,toolate,toolateITheyle 1 " fLaaghter.) J Scnihasn States maintained now upon these principles*^ gatee.»e people to vote on s { Eei Ioeinuj. now is just what it was iu ld5.f, witn reJ»j When I turn tb our future, bright with hope, andt of the popular wrHiSL epect to ti«e Southe.n States. H er phuform tueti nas imagination draws the picture of a Southern Coufed-the Northern people will had that the Executive of Virginia, knowing.the rights of the State, will never peiu.itthemto.sutlerinonejotortittlebyanyact of his.priety o f tho 8tate's.secedingfrom the Union. tion. * * Which waa unanimously adopted.Anti-Slavery fanaticism has lifted t o t h e Chief Magistracy a The following was offered by Col. Burton:man pledged to carry on a relentless war df aggression uponthe lights and equality of fifteen States o f the "Union. Resolred, That w o n o w organize a company of Minoto Bfctt,ID the pause after the battle, and before thoenemytakes to be ready at a moment's warning to march in defense of tlw ponsession of the Government, it behooves us' to consider w h i t our South or in defense o f a n y Southern State which may seoedetFTI« ive, for maintaining t i e Univu aa i: is if possible,will exhaust every means thus to inaiutaiu it with anequi-iitvinit. Hypiiuciplesaiethese:>'iret,'the xaaiuimam e of the houor, the rights, theeqv.fcliry, the secuiity,and the glory 01my native State threats of hungry Labor. See their Cotton lords aud in the .Union; but ii these cannot oe maintained iu the. merchant princes startled in the dead watches of the»*ed yon last ni^at^ or resist f>*-ople to be cheated* s. how are we going jem to elect delegate* •e questkmi* without o proposes t o cheat iir own uutrammeted e-tand bestmen,t* ivoiving their peace*nor-abie friend'had a MM t o s a y c h e a t . H a t for the Legislatnrap-ihmiaction to Abo5-j i TvhcuCume by all her sous—W£dom, Justice and10.inGeorgia,wouldj toceration. I wouldhaveher rights anutnat oftne edicthasgoneforth,andtheavengerisalreadyattheirThe letter of Gov. Ixjtcher indicates a determination safety demands, to' look the danger in the face, and in the from the Union in consequenceof Abe Lincoln'* election.the equality of the South, the honor and dignityOf the South, is entrusted alone, under God, to the keeping of the South.of theentirecounty may be expressed, which we entertaina hope v iii n o t b e ecorued or disregarded by those who, a little tin.<* rfbee.' s o courted its support to places" o f honor, trust, and 1molument.v-umovion of Thomas Keeling, the proceedings of the meeting wcTe ordeied to be published in the Norfolk papers.Oh motion, the meeting aqjourned.OjiORGlI T . ROGERS, Chairman.G. BAKUON G u m s , Secretary. •STATE PAPERS.LETTtR OF GOVERNOR LETCHEROF VIRGINIA.The Richmond Enquirer of the 21st inst. publishes the following correspondence:CENTIME DKMOCKAT OPFICM, EKLLKFoyTK, CKSTKK CO., P m fN ., N o v . 15, 1860. Jandtheywillfindno cause of complaint against the .South.. But Northern men well know their own dis- graceful nullification of the Constitution, and they amy not heed the admonitions of Virginia's Governor. Y et the calm and determined voice of Virginia's Executive, advising them to, remain at home, may have a most sal-Whereat, Weoreinform**!,andbelieve,thatAbraham.Lincoln m has been elected Fresident of these United States, avowing prin-Ihe day of their awful retribution is at hand. See alreadv the proud trophies of their plunder crumbling beneath, the more threat of revolution. See their formaha* e sold tbeir birthright for a me«s of pottage—theIi we'are to have disunion, let it come now; w e will-never be letter able to grapple with the monster than of the Ncrth is fast hurry ing tbe-couutry. Tne North-courneolthetrialreferredto,andthecharacteroftheevidence laid before the Court, w o can but believe that its decision must be coiibidered rather aa encouragement i n their purposes by the acr.uved and their abettors than aa censure; and that.while w e©]«:•>.lionofailtheSouthernStates; andthen, inthe written,byNorthernconstruction,uponthemarginof wul warnthemto.greatersecresyinmaturingfuture'plans,must cempaniedwi>hmyrejly. AnumberofTJie Enquirer, ciderinmycomposition,ithasnot,norwilliteverap- tjbeytoattempttostopiri >f i n e c i t h e c i v i l i z e d w o r l d , w e m a y j u s t i f y o u r a c t i o n , &x d. v.1;h the wrong all on the other aiue, w e can ap- peal to. the god of butties to aid us iu our cause. [Loud applaUfrO.1 JBut let us not do anything in wbioh any portion of our people may cbaige uswith rash or hasty action. Itiscertainlyamatterofgieutimportanttoo u r n o b l e D e c l a r a t i o n o f I n d e p e n d e n c e o f ' 7 6 , m u s t b e l o o k e d t o a s s o m e a s s u r a n c e " t h a t t h e y w i l l Vw h e l d g u i l t l e s s until they shall be found with the incendiary torch or the bloodycontaining the, correspondence,: will be sent to your address. Respectfully, JOH.V. LETCHKR.pear upon the issue that is now forced upon the peopleof Alabama. When I remember that the busy; hum ofpreparation can be heard, and the Palmetto Flag maybe seen from the graves of my fathers, and that tneblood of my family may be poured out .in defense oftherightsofSouthCarolina,itisuselessformetosaythat I am undecided as to our duty in this crisis. I am last evening. How it waa attended or what was done not only for secession, but I am for secession now. we are unaole as yet to *ay.JAMBS'S. EHISBIX, esq,, liellefonte, Centre County, Fa.F/om The Richmond Enquirer.the black man to the white man,, as the very condition termined to abide b y the "laws of tne State, aud declaro our con- cial position are looked to with very great imprest.OPINIONS O F T H E SOUTHERN PRESS. .delibly stamped upon the organization of the negro, that in all prosecutions for offences similar in charactor to those muttbeinscribedboldlyuponourbanner. chargedagtb'stthesateprisoners ofour country, thopoioer»o£We publish this morning a letter"from the Governor ofVirginia,towhichwewouldcallattention. Attheh'rom The Kevbeim (N. C.) Daily Progreit, 10th.ofhi*existenceamongug—mustbevindicatedbyyoa inyourfuturehistory. ItishopelesstoexpectNorth- ernacquiescenceinthesefundamental.doctrines,so long as we remain in this Union. _Wrapped iu the.fcdeiiCeintheirprotectivepower,yetweareimwillingtoplace the interpretationandadministrationofthouelaws in thekeep- ingcfanywhohavedeclaredand'shownoppositiontothe ex- treme penalties o f those laws.4. That no magistrate w h o is opposed to capital punishmentAsanindicationofthefuture courseoftheGovernor ofVirginia^this letterhas peculiar importance. The veryremarkablelettertowbichGov.JLetcherreplies is but an indication of the character of public feeling^Mobile,Nov/ll),1860.OLDGENTLEMENAFFECTED.calledtoassembleatWilson,forthepurposeofdeclar. ingdisunionsentimenta.A meetingbaabeenheld,we»ee,upinClevelandCounty, near the South Carolina line, at which specialStatesOlNew-YorkaudFennsylvaniaandOhio,aud sanctimonious folds of a self-satisfied JPuiitanism, canprcperlypertoriuthedutiesofhisoffice,orkeepsacredaud attheNorth. Conquest,coercion,,and"erusuingout'' when,atthereadingofoneoftheresolutionsofCol. prayersforSouthCarolinawereuttered,andthefat*tie otherWettern States,will"compel tiieir Lugisla- tnics tp recede from tl<eir nostde attitude, if the ocners d o i . o t ; T h e n w i t h o u t t h e t » e w « c o u l d g o o n w i t h o u t 2»tw-Etglandifthechoosetostayout.AY:oiexiaTHXAss£>i£X.i—Wewillkickthem ont.bmkedbyaforeignopinion,formed^ d instructedbytheir own brazen fahiehoode, inflated with a pride of s o c i a l s u p e r i o r i t y , t h e y w i l l n e v e r c o n s e n t t o r e c e i v e theSouth,exceptontnebendedkneesofapologyfor herinstitution;andtheywillneverwillinglyyieldup the power of controlling this Government for their ownends. Justice andkindlyfeelinghavewhollyinviolate theoath most solemnly taken upon quoliticationto o f r t e . • ' • - . ' • . ' •t>. 'lhat the bonds required by the court, (as a probation to our c i t u e a s 1 I ) o f t h e l i b e r a t e d a c c u e e d , u r e t o t a l l y i n a d e q u a t e ; aridr-iiindeedthelawsoilerusonly suchprotection—should havebeenolsuchamountsasto'havetestedtheboastedconfi- descv of thtir protectors.aie, intiemindsofthe'"eighteenmillions," aseasily accomplished as egg-breaking " by a strong man.. G o v . L e t c h e r a d m i n i s t e r s a c a l m a n d j u o t r e b u k e t o Northernnullification,-andshowsthatdereliction,of dutyonthepartoftheNorthhasbeentheprimecause of all the present troubles. . He advises his correspond- entandallotherNorthernmentocorrectpublicsenti-Walker1, thewholeaasemblyroseandflourishedtheir lowingproceedingswerehad:0. 'fhutwhilew«:protestagainstthedecisionof theCourt,we requestthatmeetingshehelaineachMagisterialDistricttotake)to deiend the Stale, and to stand as the mediator—if ne<eteary, the armed mediator—between the States of tbe South jand their assailants, come from what qiuir-spirit of men who, knowing thtir rights, dare to maintain them at any and all hazards.Unanimously adopted, and many namefl were then enrolled. •The Key. Jofeph Holmee being called on to clow the meeting with prayer, prayed devoutly and fer- vently for Heaven's moet propitious blceaw»g8 on u a , the South, and South Carolina in particular, and our countrv generally.Reafly, it would seem that the friends of the Uniom in North Carolina, if there be any, should begin ta- inove. Let them hold meeting*, and let their attach* ment for the Union be expressed and understood. L e t the freemen of North Carolina say whether or not they are willing to be ** dragged" out of the- Union by thacommon respect. This ia no time to be still; patriot* tihould act, arid if tbe majority should prefer the Union as it is to all the horrors which a general revolutioa would bring on, let them say so, and enter their protest against'the efforts that are being made by South'Caro-: lina n»d Georgia to involve them in the common ruia. From The /V. O. Courier.The momentous problem wbich is now agitating thxpublic mind, and stirring to their uttermost depths thefeelings of t h e Southern people, must soon be solvedby an appeal to the voters of the South. While w ewould lain believe that, as regards the necessity ofaction in the premh?eB,the people of Louisiana aretoony of tLe Government. Polygamy h» an example of Union., • JT ,yU is fact. Twenty ycais ago, and the man who dared Ihe right of secession is being discussed at the North;North will respect and uphold the rights oftho States,bers of the.famlly, and to keep them in good humor v »theeventofdisunion,"andthatyouareatmy"serv- ice" andawait my"orders." Virginiansowealle-A*»meetingofthePresidentandDirectorsoftheFO/WMM*' . adsworth, ^__ „..„.„„..... ... ..„,„.,...„.—troopsforanypurposewhatsoever; audItaketheoc-As your letter is of a public charactor, and as thepeople of this State may feel some interest in_ yourviews, I have thought it advisable to publish, it, ac- ••shattered Republic. If there ever was any milk andijndkcreet politicians have kindled a conflagration ttet " ,•> they could n o t extinguish if they wouhi. aad w h onave set a ball rolling that would crush them wen*Ihe gravity of tbe occasion admonishes us neither t o magnify DEAR SIR: The present position of South Carolina ter they n.ay. The people of Virginia will rally to her nor undeT-eitimate the hazard of our position.Gorrrncr Jthn l.tnhcr oj Virginia.The question is, fun the honor, dignity, and equality of the Southern States, and the rights of their citizens be preserved by remaining in the Union 1 ' \Aie wenot constrainedtochoosebetweena disgraceful sub- mission, and a separation from thoto who persistently and del- ~ antly violate the covenants o f our fathers 1The following brief but truthful history o f the Black Republi- can party, its acts and purposes, affords an- answer to their ques-,tious: .It claims to abolish Slavery i n t h e districts, forts, arsenals,dockyards; a n d other places oeded t o the United States. T oabolish tho inter-State tlave-trado, and thus cut off the Northern atthepresenthour. Therapidgrowthofideasand ernStatesholdtheissues01peaceorwar;withthem SlaveStatesfromtheirprofitsofproduction,andthoSouthernand the sympathy manifested for her by many of the •Scnthern'Statesisto some a matter, of amusement—toothersamatterofalarm.The disunion sentiment, which h a s been growinggradually in this country since the nullification in 183il,as at length assumed. huge proportions, and, in myopinion, this spiit of.rebellion should now be crushed.Governor iii his noble determination to defend her lights and those of her bii^er States of the South, and sustfcin himastheyhave ever sustained h&c faithful Executives. . *The letter is published a t a meet opportune moment, and we boae will arouse the reiedtug and oonserva- »ive men at the North to a contemplation of the civil war to which the unconstitutional "and arrogant coursespoliation of slave property; but, on trie controry.it has made it a criminal onenue.iu the citizens o f several States t o obey tho laws ol the Union for the protection of slave/property .If has advocated neg^-o equality, and made ic^ the ground of positive legislation hostile to the Southern States.It opposesprotectiontoslavepropertyonthehighseas,and hts jr.suhfcdpiracy itself in the case of the Creole.ccme, find the sooner the better. I would rather have DEAR S I R : YOU have seen that The Richmond En- our slaves and induce them to run off, or mono itu>w u , ivbollluu and insurrection.thisdangerinthep.astthaninthefuture.Twenty-eight quirerhastakengioundinfavorofadissolutionof .Ithasrunoftmillionsofslaveproperty,byasystemofwhatu illioua ol freemen in the-Morlh are ready to meet dis- tte Union, by advising the South to strike a blow at eif culled '• uudtrgroundTailroadsi," and naa made its tenure soui.ionnew,andcrushitasthestrongmancrushesan once,andsayingthatVirginiawillgowiththem.-Id precariousintheborderSlaveStatesasnearlytohaveaboli-egg-thtll in 1 is hand. it not melancholy to think that any man or set of mea ticnizrd two of them—Marylandand Missouri; and it is making similar inroads constantly upon \ irginia aud Kentucky.the.South, unless the Northern States speedily take steps toiepeal their miconatituiibnal laws, and fiu'nish other guaranties.ALETTERFROM JUDGER.H.FIELD. later that test ofthe ataldlity of our Government must To tJieEditor oj The Culpejjcr (V».) Obicrver.shunned by his fellow-citizens as a traitor; now it is in. tie mouth of millions; and men, to gaping multitudes, and in our market-places, every day boast themselves okunioiists. T h e South will never be satisfied until,*>.'the commen property of the Government. Texas cost ginia on this .important' subject as the editorsofVJPAC our midst. . ruiol indignation it has aroused is universally conceded.While a large proportion of our citizens are for in*-mediate, unconditional resistance to the impending dan-ger—-while they are for taking our position at oaco>alongside of South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, and ©flegion'sIksthig.aniatheroarofartillery,tuejaignhasbeenoverwhelming.Ihavebeenamongoutcfthe'Unionthenextwiththese-twohundredmil-mencfEasternVirgic-iuaxeopposedtoit.Yettheut-herownsoil. theotherStateswhoareexpectedtoadoptthepolicylions ? This doctrine of the reserved right of States toloau*c of. such sentiments in a respectable paper isvltrii. To*'rescueslave'satallhazards,form associationsto foreshadowed bythe expression ofpopularfeelingut establish presses, to u»e the vote and ballot, to raise mon«y and those thiee States, a large and highly respectable por- military equipments, to form and db-ciplinearmed companies, to tion of our fellow-citizens.feem to be in tavor of con- appeal to non-slaveholders and detach them from slavenolders i nSlave. States, to communicate with the slaves, to encourage Anti- certed action, of consultation with the authorized rep- Siuvery emigrantsto the South and West, to seize otherprop- , retehtatives of our eiater States of the South, whereby ertyolslaveholderstocompensatefoxthecostofrunningoff allminordifferencesofopinionmightbeconciliated, their slaves, to l>rce emancipation by all means, especially by and a general and definite plan of action be adopted. limiting, hoioskbig, and frowuhig upon Slavery in every mode"Government. We niusthaveno Southern Confederacy eracy, mainly to open the slave-trade, and thereby be-for. the . coming tempest. G o v . Mobrej we presume. now, whatever that eiikm city indoi^ to a man, the caD of the bUte Leg- , never appreciated the statesmanship, the good -faith 1 hold that the election of Abraham Lincoln is no worth, and would sell for, then utter ruin would be them in every'form, and holds them up to the scorn of man- will feel it necessary to convene the Legislature at a arhat o a r people T*T|*J f a Convt»ntioD witltt \ peace and li&rmonyj ore all thiogatow* ^'tdtion t o tafeetlii, roAat the authority <*nigiit.**Iaekyoato • not give it to iie,»«is?on the other »ide»I >t that my houon^i p bin excessive ardj* rre^ion; but thia wiu the boar. When ib* ?*2tk. I have no dooh*whatever itmayhCji fApplaase.) "poutoftheUaiox^I mightnot agreewitS .be,ItihaBbowtota* w, my eam«e, and these «thi*».will be the al^;it corse that can nventionof the^ toit andw tle hag tiiTM be.-n pieaeat one ananinawi be demanded; foriopte u> govern then a pa^ion is snilent.sn done by them foi enoofcleg rukn. Then cf the world. Loolcoontry t o the other j'*•are now among tw « b e twdy t h e n , jriuciplee of aelf-Mrorthyof imit. her night mid it whatf In gropower. Look a* that makes a p-xe the admiration" «a brighteet hope* «^'ailedintheiraepir* mmtzi a great part* ft. \overmnent yet.der the Cori«Uintioa *i<iJl advance bighoite«abie«; if it «haHh< «i v in my jodgiaiW ri;ijf with yon t&*, i givamy vie^,a 0 tho*»e qoe#o» khooki view aB** .election of Sir.U'H onbt tJaey wouW.**J no man u a gofS**?at the Stanaaho** Kouutituuoaalan act.aK/that. Tbe*^cr the manliness of the policy of "breaking up this just taupe for secession. It is the result of our system kind. -Union, to get better terms." Once out of this Union, cf Government. The majority of our people have de- ine.viti.ble. - •" ...... ••'•'-;• It has already a majority of the States under its domination;lektaxe ior a State Convention, understanding th»t call to mean direct, indepenoent, aosoluie secession.T i e substantial interests of this city, who have here- toluie rvsuaiaed uisunion a n d consistently **&*** t S arate seceseion, now come forward to demand direct Stlte^xkm. TUybav. this dayerected tneirown ttaacaadoffreeuom,andgather aroundit, here, tji-cwec.in tbeir lives, their lortunes, and their sacredearlier day than the period appointed by the Constitu- tion. Upon that body will devolve the duty of calling; a Convention of tbe people of Louisiana, to define their present position, a n d t o consult a s t o their future) courts. T o that body none but the best, the/ wisest, and most reliable and substantial men of allIthasannouncedhapurposeoftotalabolitionintheStatesand parties should be sent as delegates; all pre-of disuniou! He e in the great center ox Southern trade, we raisteRICHMOND, Va., Nov. 19,1860. Yesterday morning I received your extraordi- naryletterofthe15thinst. Iam reallyatalossto understand what good end you expected to accomplishvious difference of a transitory character should, as faras poerible, be postponed t o t h e paramount necessityof concentrating in such a body all the talent and wis-dom we can bring together; and while every citizen, "the Governmentcannotendurehalfslaveandhalffree"—that* shallbe expected to exercise hispreferencesandtoI want no terms with the North; I want no betterguaranties than those which Washington and his com-clared through the ballot box that he is , their choice,MeetingsshouldbeheldallovertheState,andpub- has infectedtheFederalaswellastheStateJudiciary; willerepeers net their seals to. I am a Disuniouist because I orders. .":' . .-.•'mouthed Disui.icuis.ts shoulu be silenced. Their can--I bote, also, they will form and proclaim a deter- States. ' • . ' , . ' . -have kst my faith in the Northern people. 'Doubthas given way,in mymind, toproudassur* anveoftheheroictemperofourpeople. Secessionhas come to mean cooperation. Heneeiorth delay is dan- j,erot4fc—hesitation on the part of South Carolina to re- sume her independent sovereignty would be construed as ooubt of tile completeness of that sovereignty, and would implv distrust of h e r shiter States. Delay is dangerous. Georgia has already raised the cry, " Make way for Liberty 1" Unfurl, tnen, the banner of dis- union, and let our battle-cry be, " Onward iu the oaose ol Truth to Victory or Death!" . . VFt llowiitizens, my task is done. When the spirit of patriotism this day enkindled- is sufibred to die out— f?^n'the.pledges here made are f rf. itod-when epu,li.ng no,tes ol usunbumrniss,,i!on come to be heard instead of tthe trumpet tones of resistance, of power, and of vic- tory, which now resound in your midst—when this no- bWstandard of Liberty is taken down, and the free-truel«verofyourcountry, I am,withsentimentsofminedpurposein tLeelection of 18Wtolayasideall party predilections aud prejudices, and^ unite iu elect- ing aPiesideiit-'whose opinions.of public policy will bo in unison with Our wis;hes and interest.'IndeedsofpatriotismCulpepperhasalwaysbeenin the first iank, and I should he pleased to see the Whigs andDemociats unite in caliing a meeting of the peoplelic sentiment should be prodhiimed, aud these.open-long have a majority of the House of Representatives of the Con- gress of the United States•; will soon have, by the'new census, a majority of the Senate; and before it obtains the Senate, cer-ai d the minority should acquiesce. I await yourBclie-vingyou to be a pure minded statesman, and non should be spikedjut. once. tainly will obtain t h e Chief Executive power o f the United'resi ect, trtdy yours,JAS. S. BRISBIN.everywhere, os.we.llas in the Territories, and districts, and other places ceded. A n d , >It has proclaimed an " irresistible conflict" o f higher law with the Federal Constitution iuell t .there i s an "irrepressible conflict between opposing and enduring t0 1 c t .K_tie L'nited States must and will, sooner or later, becomeThus it is seen that th.eirdeclared policy i* a settled and deter- rt-ign»'supreme. T h e Union is seriously threatened tcluiion of the Union aud the formation of a Southern mined hostility to the social fabric o f the Southern States, a poli-wnti disruption^ Palriots and conservative men of all Coniedeiacy, and that their determinatiou is to abide cv at war with the theory of our Governmentand the design of. » .• I1„..i ..rf'.U,. r>~ ».»„.! f t\,.. V.*A l.»^_ luiths, East, West/North and'South are looking to' by tbe administration of Lincoln or any other man who its trainers—regardless of the Compromises of the Federal Coning crisis in public arlairs. If I am not greatlynns- wrote an elaborate letter tb a Committee Of citizens of•«• \lilhaj, Pennsylvania is one of the eleven hon-slave'-i"oTdint. States", which has passed statutes, now in full Macon, in which he ably discussed and disposed of thesubject of secession, jy lollows: tone and eficct, designtd to Obstruct the execution of 41tieFugitiveSlave Law. This is oneof thegriev- Whenaskedtoconcedethe right ofaState_,tpse- ances of which th.o Southern people have complained cede at pleasure JiOm ti.e Union, with or without juatfor yeuis, and although earnest and respectful appeals cause, v\ e are called upon to admit that the framers of have bcert addrewed to you to.remove tnis cause ot ir- the Constitution oid that which was never done by any ritation and complaint, thoee appeals have passed un- other peo[ie possessed of their good se'nse and intelli- gence—that ib, to provide, in the very organization of ^As a*conservative man, who ardently desires the ;ihe Government, lor its own dissolution. It seemsto•1-heSouthasks<;nlyfortnefairandfaithfulexecu- tionofthelawspassedfortherecoveryandprotectionjudgmentarewellsettled,thatnomchprunt&plcwat contemplated in the adoption of ou-r Constitution."' TliE PALMETTO CADETS AT WEST POINT.yearsago,thiacounty(Armstrong)wasgoodfora Democraticmajorityof600to700;thisyear,wegave Cnrtinover700,andLincoln1,242.toprotect'the§outhinherOoiistitutiowalirighVe^w yam may we expect to stay t>.« mad career ojf oar ex,^ tiemeSouthernsisters,HOWELL COBij O N SECESSION.In the year 1851, the Hon. Howell Cobb of GeorgiaFrom TA«/Vor/oUt.^roas,(Y*> $&$& Isitnotbetterthatthe *Southshould shewae\atc«» aidS!fflSd in tne nou-!Uveholding States,you wiU her assertion**, take her desiinieB in aer own bands, South. That those hot-heads have no sufficient cause mined sphit to resist aggression, even Jf paehed to •>Untitled Document••*£?.The Richmond JEnqiiircr^bfthe 21st says:.,the Farniexs' Bank has suspended specie p a y m e n tHoolvcd, unaninioBsly, That ia view o f the distrust whicJk-! A P A TRIOT'S APOLOGY.signed Hannibal Hamlin, Vice-President elect of a• TheMobileTribune%&y%:"That was a beautiful incident last Thursday night,of their resources of supply of labor.It claims t o forbid all equality and competition o f settlementin tLe common Territories, b y the citizeus o f Slave States.It repelsallfurtheradmissionofnewSlaveStates.>'It has nullified the Slave-act in the majority of the Free States. It has denied the extradition o f murderers, and marauders, andother felons.It has concealed and shielded the murderer of mastscg orpeople of a State that nas never treated them with. ;Its candidate elect to the Chief Magistracy has proclaimed that;hats to exhibit their approval. Some old gentlemen in Col. Burton oflered tbe following: r •' .Revolved, That the election of Abe Lincoln to the.Prc«tdetiejr t h e a u d i e n c e w e r e t o u c h e d t o t h e h e a r t . T h e r e w a s r h o u l d b e t h e c a u s e o f i m m e d i a t e s e c e s s i o n b y a l l t h e S U r r atherearegimentofmenreadytomarchtoanydanger States.toshowtheearnestnessoftheirenthusiasm.' Itwaaagoodsign,andareflexofthedeterminationoftheinflu- Thefollowingwa«offeredbyDr.ThomasWUliamst*<wadsills,"oranythingelsetheirchastoiancyway supgast. . . ' . : ; • • ;,.'..'-•',; - If they carmot abide in union with us on thee*Truly yours,Kittanning, to., Nor-19, I860.J. C. . , •.Adi»union meeting wascalled atWilmingtontorWhich was unanimously adopted. •...... ••/..www.fultonhistory.com 