 IVtaoe Jerom*be^.eoc daslaval»LJUriT-todayBttbdof the ve noth•ftta atofwr*.R ^t bM C .l ,' o fCTffjgLiU,,thc.n»rnUto.CUM» of BtatfctkaiwK wasat^ **h*"ift^S.Kw- baywttbjhtock etotfa,relievedlj> •BUrtafy t^phteaaaatfcanaowrtatl^bteartanjoT the m?oe.tnakbHEtoPwMK**Lnr*o*»rra?htaputatlow ffWai AfewImperial Bhoped that in Europe, and more psrtlcnUirly In England, of the colony. Finally, the advocate-s of ecoaomy ware tifully printed on vellum from the Giuuta press, 1603— ce de San Giuseppe its Charge d'affaires at London, navebythed«subsetiptwnswlHbemadeandsentouthere.Mowofjustifiablydissatisfied,foritseemedtolerablyclearthat£120.OfficiumBeataMarteVrrgtaM;S»crvlLmanu theDukedeRoccafortetoasimilarpoetatParis.It theIondonbantersharecorrespondents,andtheOtto theservicethuslargelyrecompensedfromthepublic scriptexquisitelywrittenonvellum,asplendidandrare _alsonamedCountManzoniSuperintendentoftheHoe-ffaaealoacara,/M«»'"«*"?il faffing n d a t enarL»n**sBaa •»•**»» thd adjacent one. »AM MM, M e f u n e r a l c a r b a v l u g a r r i v e d a t t h e p o r c h o f the oburch, Cardinal Mo/ioi, Grand Almoner, Archbishoptroops which are being concentrated on th e frontier of Tuscany, states that this manoeuvre of General Lamer!4-3:40 P.M. The Bourse has been soeaewkat trnter. Rentt* closedat t i t ftCc , or 20c higher than on Monday. S i c i l y .derive t a L o n d o n . (From tbe London 8tar, July 5 ]The eighty fourth anniversary of American Indepen-dence was celebrated b y t h e American Association o fway bill a month after the line had been opened for traffic; and yet, if there was to be no discussion, what be- came of tbe approval reserved for Parliament? Things were in this predicament when the Select Committee ap- pointed t o inquire into the general question o f such c o n .An artillery officer of Messina, Captain De Betiedictis, fated with the royal order of Maria Louisa. The officialwhose father is in command of the division In the 1 Abruz xi, having gone over to th e Sicilians, publishes in th e official journal of Palermo:—" I am LOdeserter; an Italian soldiar, I quit a camp of foreigners, to rally round the supreme bead of the great Italian family, Kiuj Victor Emanuel."A letter from Palermo in the Steele says:—" 4ftor hav- ing passed a week ir the city, and having obtained from the lips o f tbe soldiers a n d eye witnesses full details or the combat and bombardment, Alexander Dumas and Lis friends left on the ISth, each with a musket on his shoul- der, to accompAcy Colonel Turr*s expedition."The iiantlrurannounces the presentation t o t h e Corps Legislatif of the project of la w relative to the calling out of 100,000 men of the class of 1800. ''amount of 216,508 cubic yards, or one-third less.Fourth. That the stone paving h a s been decreased byan amount of 46,041 cubic yards, or 1-290 only of tne original amount.Fifth. That the paving in cement has beWh Increased b y aa amount of 18,867 cubic yards, or more than nine v.m- greater.Sixth. That the concrete masonry has been tncrtased by an amount of SS,668 cubic yards, or snore than forty times the quantity originally estimated.These remarkable discrepancies, together with th e largely increased cost of the reservoir, naturally direct at xntion to a more particular examination of the naturement, and whish we caonot insert oxOsOt stkUr every re>the same time h is past renunciation and h is present reuscuon.POMt'ASxoa Ds Bomsox Er D« BXAOINZA — .Cbn»idering that the act of Tortosa. of the J3d of Apri of the present year (IBM), ietheai.i extraordinary circiimstoBom. .TheCnunwwir saW-Tney were mett to celebrate the . of a day on wfiich a young, resolute and detennined nation stood aloue In the prtsenoe of friends andpened the very aft'iir thus strangely suspended was the only <-oe excluded from tbe matter before the House. Mr. laing bad asked for a vote of a million and upwards for the packet service, but this sum did not comprise any provision in respect of the Galway contract. The conse"- quence was, that all the gentlemen politically or patrioti-ver , Nouri Moustapha Pasha, the new Governor o f t h e province, published a prohibition against the practice, alleging that the tomb was equally venerated by the Mus- sulmans, and that h e intended to build over It a mosque for the special use o f Islamite pilgrims, by whom It would for the fut ure be exclusively visited. In vain did tbe ex-. eluded Israelites urge the prescription of centuries: the newGovernorwa?deaftoevmryargumentthatcouldbeed. Tbereupsa tne Jews despatched a deputation hither, carry their comaiatnt direct t e s h e Porte. This has done, and we have sincere satisfaction In reportingWinds of work required for this reservoir. Not having that knowledge, I bare availed myself of tbe opinion* of the moat akilTnl contractors, aa expressed In their bWs for this work (see page 101. doc. No. 2 , 188«), to ascer- tain hew these changes ta the plana hare affected the in terest of she etty and the contractors, and also how they would have affected the original award ef the contract for this work.Ttrtoexaminationleadsmetotheconclusionthatwho- ever these changes have been made they have proved very benete ial to the contractors, and ta moat canes hare—LuroptmnandnaiiretFre»3h, ttaafaaa, Buastaaaad Ana •tanremits, all agree to blaming In the "WW* severe manner the local autborttke, f«f either standing P*?TMTMIf the Christians ere the wedter in ausaber, or helping the Druses with amis, ammunition t a d food where these latter are in a minority .««—««*Tbe town of Tyre was saved from burning, 9**** « *rapine by an fagtish J * * * ^ a » r » " ^ t ^ ^ " *bi-e©OftenDli riv^Prlews, h.rehe ha> «*>rt,and far as we canwithMr.Crepsey's «s«|BV'MB»t5an te bita of English hosjjttsceaMgP; bat with larB^reatrnwefaadWighter with them with great success, so»••••hasjustbWsBpobhshed, tt loembetlp the Swiss army of wasssTt0,ftW ware ta aetlwrlaw ALl'ftBBLsvNUfuly '^^J^g^JSf rendered a fortnight afo to the Druse Sheik, BecAtaBey.tht object of the association was twofohU^owut^JGeneral VA-NDOKIOM gave "The American and Britjs* lirni opalonglawreadt**"0!*^?rata***yal Northandsouth,eastandwest,official eita non-ofllctal, MercantUeMarine,"whichwasrespondedtoby Mr no•TheClarenton," paintedjby Boucher, by command of LouisSome books and manuscript* of distinguished rarity and interest have been recently disposed of by Messrs. Sothebv andwmmson, athhrhwrtces,aawill beseenbythefoldte»«.fereuag adouble line from the "J^-J^e Bowl dasInvalids* Behtad "^rM)U> »t—y• (fc-rtutt IIIIII imtt< the cortege, roMh. daJSnct Priaces household£mS»taWe^ssi»of tterateee,deatanntedbyhi Majeestayrrted t_beI,n_si.g,n_ia uEJUS,Secretary ofLegal wo, "A lift on the ocean wave.", •_fct_k—... u . H»,vey. the ntant was menaced with an nt- _._ , . ^ ^ ^ ^ . • mi Jiiihiiii iili'iitsansi1st, whs* the Qaymnre, whose owmtr a*msSieOS sw%daleMdhaw w V l U l H rWlsaXlTMflBl.sT • '"Dflf-Aldus. .m^mjH.copy—• 10 :belonging formerly£41 florae Beats:Betribo, tttae, a rare aad rnngttil libraryofthecelebratede«B munder the Sardinian flag ftsi Brmafl WasJmJGeaeeaibeared Mr H»r»ey to help him to repel the attack of a_"_: - - J . 1.**! ^ . _JC^.^ would take ewrtnr rit' M;men or th e she Pope's juxta lid , the leadbar Maaaik Pasha, the new duet of _*arrnToTA^bb^aTaldw&Tlprob^Urty. havecharge of tbe Ateppo d W t e t , a f t e r he has restored peahe JIn the year ending Mletutehaas tatt M,ldl pereoas taS^ruaT'unB^J. w K S j « tbe number charged was fe « C , 24.3M of fcSsBoaAW84«t^y<s#MI»t4mWMWw>r»t verdict w a s foaad of "Died from exceasive » l l e ^ c k touX« the «,"5^jaltaaajfThe reading was called for, but was suspended, aad the communication was ordered to be sent to the committeeTbe following to the comntuaicatioa from the Mayor — Mivoa's Dmca, Mxw Yoax, Jaly 18, IBB.Torax Howoaaaia fas Boaawwr liimasw — GXVTLIXI.*—On the Uth inat Ihadtheboaortosub- mit to your honorable body a communication removingAlflfd w . Craven from the office of Engineer ortheCro ton Aqueduct Board, and Thomas B Tafswu from the office of Assistant Commissioner of the Croion Aqueduct Board, for the reasons thereto named. The Board har* deferred definite action upon the subject, for the reason, as was alleged tn debate, that the eaaeas stated ware u euBtatonV. 1 now haws the heaot of sobsattttng nana ad- ditional reasons for these removals, which I am confident wiQ meet with the prompt endorsement of the Board.It having been intimate 1 tome that the estimates of workdoneuponthereservoirnewtacoaraeofconstrue tion already largely exceeded Mi original estimated east, I nailed upon taw Crotoa Departsawat for a statement—a copy of which to anaexed, marked A-from which it ap pears that t h e work already done up to AprUB), IMO. amounts to 8464,886 4 8 , exceeding the anginal estimate for tbe whole work by more than 860,000.I have also called for a n estimate of taw work remain- ing to be done to complete th e reservoir, aad ta replystate meats from the Engineer in cbaj-ge-^rtied B-jfroro which it may be inferred that there to batween gtsOPOO and $300,000 relttlred to Bntah the work, of whk:a one- halformoreisforthegatebouse,whichwasnwtorir nally intended to have been included ta the contract of Meters. Fatrcbud &Co.These statements show the quantities of taw several kinds Of work compttted aad remaining to be dene on the contract e f Messrs. FairchtU A Oe., (ewelasrva af * e j a t e bouse,) and on comparing these quantities with thee* origirally estimated by the engmeer, the following re saarssshT ito>sW|wnntoi swwant ^-w rruses, wiTbeCauiasaidtbemousewasoatoforder,as the re- morals were ant divided.Alderman Siaaa moved that the comaaanioat ion be t e - ferred to a eommtttee of three, whveh was carried by a vote of aevea to five. Ayts—AldermwaBaglcy, Brady, Starr, Peck and Oweow.Barry, Tuomey, Cornell, Boole aadThe Caaia said that there was • conxmuaicdioai M u t ^ h s V toanyecnVraio«eerInthe„^,4 ^^a, f,|j- fa^afj IVlIWW iO ssttsVlfBU» U ^ / i"Anyooewbehad been in Beyroot so UU as •Jjwo^colors,forCardinalGesariui,<in the lower compiOpus,a magnlflceatin the Grolier style—£01. Howe Beats)cundum uiumthrum, cam CaleadMlo,aa»o. xr i vi.; • magnlficeut manuscript on vellum, by an English scribe with apieadfulp fBumtaated capttals-£S4. Horatii Carbat in neithw-one*>*&*<*** •»»'l "*4*ctodlri the The town is fall of poor people, m*U$ w *lWy _ children, who h*ve ted hero, and have tobeas privately concluded. The people ofbad reasonable ground o f complaint in findtheir claims, notwithstanding an understood pledge to the contrary, were again disregarded, and that subsidisedclothed a s well a s fed in thousands by the foreign consuls.the European merchants, the American miwUmarles and English lines were Still directed to New York and Boston,others. «reater misery I"have never seen, ttts to be to the prejudice ofports more desirable In the interestsbrim the arrival of the cortege h * man Bank has a brnnch here, so that it would be easy to treasury woald have been undertaken and discharged U Princess Msthilde bad occi remit money. Subscriptions should be made payable to without any recompense whatever beyond the profit ac-work of the Florentine Bchool-r£170. Testamen Uum No- ita! at Palermo, ta the room of Count Luccbesi-Palli. vum Latinse, cum Calendariotstec xil.-xili., a most impor- I The Cbrrfrr* Jlfercawftlr, of Genoa, ta allusion to thethe English or the French Consul General, or to the Ame- cruing from the postage dues.rican missionaries, sq Hint the money may be dlstrlbttted However, the thing was done. The bargain, according to precedent in ouch matters, w a s complete, for Lord MAIWH.L«3. July 4,1860. '< Derby had only exercised the authority and discretion A d v w e e f r o m B e y r o u t t o t h e a l - t u l t . s t a t e t h a t t h e w h i c h h e w a s c o n c e i v e d t o p o s s e s s , a n d , w h e t h e r t h eDruws, reinforced b y hordes of plunder ing Kurds and Be- contract was indicious o r otherwise, It was at any rate do «in», bad attacked the town of Zahll, the last refuge of accepted *On the faith of this acceptance shares were the Christmas. The town was entirely burnt down, and purchased, money raised, and packets built, until attant manuscript, to the earliest style of Italian ajft—£6f.PetrardU:s<ec. xv. a splendid manuscript on vellum—£116.Innocenth XI. Epistoloe adPrinclpcs Viros; aseo. xvii, avery Important and highly interesting manuscript—£104. Icierq's, far from being hostile to Sardinia, to father in-length, oa Friday last, the very day when the subject was discussed in the House of Commons, Mr. Laing received a despatch with the information that the first steamer or theguard ©Tor the coffin, carried it into tt* perpetrated In the "auti" Lebanon*. It was said that the a hileh to be got over still. Lord Derby had done whating cabinetmaker, of the Faubourg St. Antoine, was last week robbed of 30CT. (half his savings) by a young ooaa- radej who left a note to say h e was r^T to fight to Sicily. The defrauded workman went at oncf to the Lyons Rail-I t**y thoee present, who shared the UhMftram premte.of the1,000 Christians were mardered.iJ.nl Kamtr, in consequence of the inhabitants havingAlter he wrrjoe the Cardinal Grand Almoner gare the utfc -i, wheo a detachment of Gent Qar«h», which hadbeen unarmed, was plundered and deserted.Other acta of incendiarism, pillage and murder bad been new line had actually gone tosea. Nevertheless there wasto receive It.children at the school Malahala had been killed, notwith none of his predeoessors had ever done jn similar cir- in the priosocs of his Im- standing they were under the protection of the French cumstances. He had introduced into the contract aa ex-ing £4,124.17s. «d.. Miscellaneous Foreign Ittms.exertions kept him at home.It is now positively known that Generals Lanza and L e - tiziai when having Naples, received reiterated orders from Francis II. himself to destroy Palermo entirely be fore thty evacuated it.ttion of KanM* haveg\von by (heir eagetto boaor the memory Prince Jerome Napoleon an mails of love and respect Imperial family .*The Emperor of Morocco has placed one instalment of• • • Ji, bit Highness Prinde the g^rdmhw Mtnister, yCouncil,MarahaMusion of the ing the National Guard theflag, and that the French Cunsul had sent to withdraw the children from the Catholic colleges.TheTurkishmilitaryremforoemeBts hadnotarrivedatpress declaration that the subsidy was to be payable outof moneys voted b y Parliament, and h a d brought thisprovisionorreservation distinctly under thenoticeofthe contractors. Parliament, therefore, w a s t q have a' Trieste to Vienna. In the evening they a ll assembled in voice ia the matter; bat could the question be considerBeyrout.iThe Vienna corresponaent of the London Times says that on the 2Mb ult. thirty-nine Irishmen returned fromrial Highness the indemnity at the disposal of Spam. if of the w»nt i-Spmim SUsdMoroccoMADKID, July 3, I860.ed as practically open when half a million of money Bad been subscribed and expended on the faith of the settle- ment;' Four fine packets were bespoken at a coat of £100,000 each, and one of them, as we have eaid, had, actually sailed, l o discuss the "iM'rty of-sa contract in¥W.: T*^ *.U Mcavatfoc 'bat been Increased bf Aa amount of from 80,000 to 60,000 cubic yards, or 7 per cent.persons w h o hold them from the fundamental law from day w e celebrate." (Applause.)rwhich they emanate, and who are called by the aforesaid "Yankee Doodle." '*law to exercise them according to their rank, and when Mr. DALLAS, in responding to the toast, said that all but was notenough. Was tbe government going to sup-wbo w^re present were well aware of the peculiar aad port the contract as well as bring it forward? would itla coosequonce of toei Ivioe of competent lawyers universalrespectwithwhiothisanniversarywastreated bebroughtonasagovernmentproposition,andsustained,room we have consul*d, and the disapprobation which or beat servante haveifrequently expressed.We retract the said act of the BM of April of the present pew mM. mi deelsre tt null and as if it haJ Sever been executed.Ofv+n at Oomsn.e, the 18th of June. 1860 CAKUteLOSDS.BOIKBONETD£BRAGAKZA,CountdeMotemolin Infant Don Ferdinand has retracted ID theby their fellow citizens ia the United States, and tho as Mr. Butt pot It, " by the full weight of government in-tertf.The enormous increase ta taw concrete masonry, for which the city ta compelled to pay new dollars per cubic yard, when other responsible bidders, well aeqaamted withthevalueofsuch work,offeredtodothis itemat much lean, events tow as 8800 percubs: ward, i another remarks•>«change.The document before referred to snows that the la?: neor estimated tbe bid of Messrs. FalrohiU A C*. at 007, 384 82 lower than the offer or Messrs. John P A T Com mings, Jr., while it now appears by his present estim«> ofquantities,thatifthecontracthadbeengiventoTke Civil \%»r 1st Bjni«<(Ourrtepondence to the London News.] BSTSOCT,JuneIt,1SW.•j The Mcnitevr contains a notification that letters of con-dolencehavebeenaddressedtotheEmperorandtbeEmnress" by the Queen of England and the Prince Consort, by Messrs. Cummings A Co. jastead of fasrahild A Co. th-the massacre of Christiana which took plane at Sidon on 1r.iay, the 1st, and Saturday, the 2d last. It is but too certain that the number of refugee nane, Christians,music of that welcome theme never had and never would lose its attractions. Mindful, however, of tbe limits of a proper reserve, he would only add, that the spirit in which they celebrated those revol itionary times wasthe Galway line, entered on tho 2J of June. 135$, into a formal agreement with Messrs. Irwin and Holmes, wftfre- l'v he covenanted to pay them tbe sum of £10,000 if tney could by their efforts or Influence procure for bis line afeet iu the air until the head was down and his body per pendicular above. By degrees he let the body bend back until the feet had gone below the wrists, and then re- maining in that position for a few seconds, he slowly re-tbe Emperor of Austria, the King of the Belgians, and b y the Prince and iTincess Regent of Prussia.T h e Afiricavate tat F l o r i d a . OCK XEV WIST C0B8BSFOK9IEKCE.city would hare saved over $40,000.tne Engineer's mistake in this aw ard is therefore aearlj 8140,000, aad has resulted ta a toss to the city ef over 840,000As the Engineer has tx*n proved to have been mietaic'ato the extent of 8140,000, may it not be safely ananasedthat be ia still ndntoAwn ta the work to be done (somet1, *y rafiir wass, a c lebrated u-eck Ca.tho.ic The tHAZhvAN then ga re •' The President of the Unitedh o w e v e r , c a u n o t b e t h u s s i m p l i f i e d . M r . L e v e r , w e a r e told, still holds shares to the amount or about one fourth ofthewholestock,andi3stilladirectorofthecompany," but there is a considerable body of independent proprie- tors, and the Board of Directors is acquitted of all compli- city inthetransactions referred to. So,having thus st itedi the fresh facts of the case, the committee still re-m u s t n e c e s s a r i l y b e k f t t e t h e a b i l i t y , i n d u s t r y a n d i n tegrity o | the Engineer oi the Board, and if he Is waauc; taeitherofthaneeaafcaoatteattheinterests ofthecit> must be saniuce^, as it has been shown to have been m tbe case of the YorkviUe reservoir.Theincreasedconsumptionofwatertathecityhasal-r v e w v r a i l e d T.< * : r e l - M a k h n l l l s . T h i s i n s t i t u t i o n w a s i - i.:&r tbe mc". wealthy reUfmus estabhshiuimt in Sy- rn(.a.hnrch~ve.«.«—muchofittut*giltoiP»>pes,Kmj>e- ro -*aa-i sttisr of'T*-ro|>e—being valued at upA.irda of i.U ,i.iW>, i.-us ill tlbsmry contain moresof uncieut Greek, Au is_'K,r^c ruanoacripte, whiuh were priceless.S t a t e s . " ( f b r e e t i m e s t h r e e . )"Hill Columbia."Thenext toast was"TheQueen,"proposed bytheCHAIKXA>, and received with enthusiastic applause."Cod save the Queen."TbeCHAIRMAN, inexpressing thethanks oftheasso-s e c o n d t r a p e z e w i t h t h e s a m e h a n d , w a s b o r n e o n t o w a r d s the other end of the salle; but there, as nis back was now turnedtathepoint fromwhichbehadcome,hehadtohJLis hold, and, turnining in the air, to seize oh the woodenbarjustasitwasmakingitsdownward swoop, then, as it neared the trepeze which he had started with,J p h n n e n r y , f r o m E n j ' a n d w i t h ~ o a l , br". a i q w a s u n a b l e TChriatw.es hidlmj* there In, alaaoet to a man.whomtheyshotor cut downsimple supply of breadstuff* and provisions, and, as wc have b u t few vessels in port, the demand for export Isr tTiB,-nd popular party never believed this ear..._ had any right^ t t J L *ts VwwIaBMenw•••#ranmw»«& Wtstern lootof Meant ii <Apps»aae.) fhewysr* S 4•*•apetbHMHa,«wdtherestIttawjnttVisituatedtotaxthecolony.aLdwhostr*'the ' A .H.n. John A Lott, Juitice.of application of far Sector of jf. JPf/sr"jw» «•*•,«» tnhabi|aa»a, of whomwhoHermon Thehereditary ruleroftheplaneittheEmir S»td-eW*n, of the, bhwlem branch of the shelw-J t^J2.?*"XT*pybfew* h^t•5d*?•, ^ *^,r »^1hair.) After t"TU.rr •- •Lever's Galway line, was safely launched at Hull at & quarter past six on Tuesday eventnf, July S. Tjhe Wea ther was fine, and there was a very large attendance ofThe Turin JHritto states that It is forbidden lc1|cAi,rt sticks in the streets of Naples, and thai small light canes alonewillbetolerated. Thisprohibitionarises,no doubt, out or the brutal assault on Baron Brenier. [fjl«Mawar^T19°;F^.uy! »thecoo4ittouofthelotsofiered. An assorted cargo t ; tbe American 57ir••*«•»&, from Boston, arrived 27th, will find a tolerable mar*-k«M—berflih.ifitturnsoutwell,willbringfromMa$4 60. Freights—New York 46c. a Afro., 13 molasses on •. 1810; butnotwithstandtag. an tte Uth of December, 1M.* " I - I ^ l ^ d l i * r " - " *a^Suuta daffoar,1 the g a « '"^atioaal Indepeadciice-the pathway to indis .dual 8%T~!r-£rl~*^ K^r*1 to th e place, although the} liberty aad happiness." (Applause )L i t e r a t u r e a n d A r t . TbeBonner£iefwneconta>nsthefollowing—'•ProfeanorNicolavieshasjus*transmittedaveryvaluablemostea!relic to the library of our university. It Is a sheet of aa other officers were arrested aad sent to the citadel of*iffj** **mwith thedogsofChraWiass,hardly Jr -«htagainstatruebeiiever. TheKmir,husrevea. 1 titled, wed hi* troops then sided openly1 with the item,andtheChrWtiaawwereovercome,hundreds•'aaguodtimecoming.",- '«st,saidheRomanofficers wereputontheretiredlist,andplatedE|lts>ic.perbueheL CnitedKingdom—Sugars£2Si.fid.t o load sugars a t Jamaica a n d Puerto Rico; other ports,insameratio. Moexchangeoperationstowhich,doubtless,theactionofthe Common Counc..was lased EstherthepropertycwnersonFortyn'nthstreet, embracing several of war most Intelligent ctttseee a *utterlymistakenintheiremphaticcondemnationott!» work, pr Mr, Craven has been guilty of gross t.eglg*ac«ndspendenoo America.'Thea-ntimcatwasonewithwhichall who thrwar «9wn their arms being, butchered In « n d present must necessarily sympathize, but y e t there wasunder thesurveillance ofthepolice;also,thatfourteen2,bioodfcand the fovtrnment trreguiars committing all sortsBaahetjataanothervillageatthefootofHarmon,con Uit^gabout three thousandmhabiiaats,ofwhomTour- •rthetare Chrtstiaas. Like Hasbeiya. it is nrrounded b vpertilledwithnotesmBeethoven'shandwriting,eontatoing fragments of the principal aria, ta soprano, in t h e i r s arhapi. lea* practically enforced. It was the act ef "Fidelio," with a variety of other sketches of nam-Ancona.The Austrian Court bare actually gone intomourriing for ten days in honor or the deceasvd Prince Jerome K&»The health of the inland I assert to he perfectly good, in Its superttokm and examicatfon.- aadorchards ofmulberrytrees,lectieaofautograph*." . ~Tbe Prince o f Wale* has been pleased to contrrbutellBo towards thecompletionof theSchoo!orArt,Va-'xhaUthe first stone of «•*»«* n « n*w«t w.»i,,.^.~ 4.1..^^ 2Tth ult. which his Royal Highness laid on theTheLondonLancetannouncesthat largequantitte?of opium andquinineareaboutto beforwiefdedfromjLon. doaforthewoundediahospitalinSicily.Among the novelties which Che acientflc world ha lately heard of, hi the invention of an Italian—a Fiorehtlnkinoly principles of their government and the devoted patriotism which »ere inseparably aawa dated with Its re- membrance. The Fourth of July was the hallowed birth- day of a great nation—en epoch illustrious for the exhi- bition «t human virtue,aad lastingly Auspicious to man- kind Hemightgratifythembydwellingindetail,aahe hadoltenheictoforedoue.onthe-ennoblingcharacteristics of those early heroic days. Kveo in thU capital, none would listen with reluctance to the repetition of such names aa Washington—(great applause)—Franklin, Jefferson, M i-dison; or of the description of famous fields of fight, such as Bunker Hill, Yorktown; or of the majestic delibera- tionsofcounsels,suchssthoContinentalCongress,prefluence!'" Tothese home questions Mr. Laing had only to reply tbat another report of the Select Committer was on the eve of appearing*, that until it appeared no " positive undertaking1'could be given, but that as soon as It was in circulation government would come to a decision on thecase,andgivetheHouse"afullandfairopportunity'' forconsideringthewholesubject.Well, the second report has appeared, and the question ia more complicated aad rather IVESadvanced than it was before. In the first report the committee had only been influenced in their estimate oTthe Gahvavcontract by thegeneraUyimprBdontoondttions under witch it had beeneffected;batnowcon**somethingworse ThecommitteeGreat hosts of locusts haye made their appearance in Hungary, and parts of estates belonging to Baron Sinn have already been ravaged by the voracious insectsjTheMagyarProtestantsarestriving their utmostto reinstateinitsintegritytheirestablishedchurch.Galu/narii gives an account of some extraordinary gym- naelic feats performed ia Paris by M. Leotard. Springing • up and seizing two ironjrings attached to ropes suspended' from the roof, he raised himself by strength of arm until his body had completely overtopped the rings, and his wholeweightwasbornebythewrists,nowplacedentire£71.416,087; which exceeds the highest amount on record previous to the conclusion of the last French and Ameri- can war.Messrs. Coleman k Co. announce that, In consequence of hefailureofseveralpersonslargelyengaged inthehide - •Ileathertrade,weregrettostatethat thehighlyre- spectable and old established firm of Messrs. Streatfeikl, Laurence A Mortlmore have felt It to be their duty, under the alvice of their largest creditors, to suspendpayment.cents, and aa increase ta tbe paving ta cement, for which they have tour dollars per cubic yard.W« are mom snore falty acquainted with the details o sided by Hancock. To the American ear, at leas;, the inform the House (hat Mr. fiever, the original promoter of ly below him. Still bearing on the wrists, he raised hisunarmed peasanU, menks, priests, women aad ehil-crec*-who, flying from the guns and knives of the Mru neither ungenerous nor exclusive; but that, on the son- government subsidy of £173,840 (an amount calculated by sumed his perpendicular with the bead still down, thense*. m the southern part of Lebanon, tried to obtain shel- ter is) Sidon, bet were at the gates and m the-gardena of thatlowubutcheredincoldbloodbytheMoslems,Metua lis a.1d iTuses of the neighborhood—exceedod in ail four hundred and fifty souls The Turkish governor of tl<* town,althtSjtthehadagarrisonoftwohundredregular troops, never moved a man to help these unfortunates, but on the contrary, many Christians were bayoneted and shot by the soldiers, their officers looking on. Twice has her Majesty's steamer Firefly, and ones the Krench, atoamtrary, that spirit would bo warmly manifested whenever the Cunard precedent,) or a proportionately smaller pre- turned his body as it bad been at fir.;t and dropped into and wherever similar excellence was exhibited. The mium in case the subsidy should be less. To put this the place from which he had started. Afterwards, u longhearts ofhiscountrymenexpanded toembraceL"ue greatscM and magnanimity la every rank aad to every race. (Cheers.) At this moment, in a somewhat distant island—(tremendousApplauFe)^-*spontaneousandvolun tary insurrection against oppression, cruelty and wrong, had awakened a wide-spread sympathy. (Renewed cheer iig.) Ho forbore making a singlecomment upon that move- ment,but inhere were foond among the champions of Sia-K n WKBT, July 15,1860.\ S>,uth Shore—She SaUtfor Africa w»<A a Cargo ofAfri\ catty, ©*c.''The1 United States steamer Crusader, Captain Maffitt, during her cruise on the northern coast of Cu'aa, has been rendering very important services to the interests of na-ewrvetteIASentInelle,beensentdowntoputastoptotheeo ly's'rightsandlibertiesawise,dteInterested,justandbrave smmsSinatiod*, wbieh again and again have broken out, u«li «erer, who connected the heroism o f the present hourThenotorietywhich hasbeen giventothelargelyta creased cost, and the expensive and peculiar change-; which have been made in the ptoaf of the Yorkvuie res- ervoir, have directod my attention to an examination of this work ta the first taatance.and the result ba satisned me that all the contracts which hart been made,and ail oftheworkwhtah hasbeenexecutedunderthedirectK.Qas earh r*r«y of helpless refugees reached the town. SesasifoMr hours'journey above Sidon, not far from thef<trasrf^idence ofLadyHatter.Sunhope, therevigation. Besidei tbe aswlatance rendered to the French of t h e Croton Aqueduct Department for a few years past, pletethe workwith the luroiam they were comaemoratmg—that man was 'iaribaldi. (Tremendous cheering, amidst which threecheersforGaribaldiwereproposedtndgiven)of the cross-bar with the right hand, he launched himself into empty s^ace, and then, when the trapeze approached theutmostlimittowhichitcouldswing,hemadeanal-bark Solide, from Mara-. lynred to rave»-a; she assistedinrequire a very strict investigation. Alargeportionofthisworkunderthechargeoftu-I aretau«appn»] Bartb excav<pendrntlasont r a l P a r k .Bock exeasai Puddle. lb,)o. EmbanksaehtFavtagmceo IConcrete, i f f Th.se quacaiBTaWH p e n to that a •7 jour Board. Si^uf"_fwtawgate(li •roeunnected •too cabic y , lA«onbicya8000cable y«Mpeabicyai S,5T8 cubic yaj „ 880 ewwte «si SMniaareM437 pounds <> Atmepsafl KfoetofnaBMfottof * i08footcf v OOBwtaftt.jMatbicyar >A00enbtayar T«^reanwwmTB*2r°*«o»0*thecharaoterofGeneralGaribaldi,hespectators.j*here at boats a largeThe remonstrances of nearlv every property owner m the line of Forty-ninth street, between the above areas* ited. Dried fish ta good order wanted. Stock of >i' a \ (copies of which are annexed, marked Cand D) dsnatav^ 7 - « l e d to the end against 1^- "• *&*& deltvered by the ****^Vest against thatprinciple.••» raaaarka upon tbe presentas P®8*orv£rv!mu ^idependence on tbe continent, aad aHalifax, British brig Velocity, was sold at auction at • ance with the terms of the contract, but that aa infer*A letter from Rome states that o a the 221 seventy t wo deck, bold $C 6o, t o load at Fajardo, guano 94 &0 per ton, gave a certificate o f ita completion aad eceaptaoee, mall nations to be free of foreign intervention tobenationally independent. There two nation* really free lathe true sense-end America, a a d t h e former woold b e even than she was at preaant by the • » * » * S & * the totellifent of the work tt to the suffrage. (Cheers) Hipplly theposition. This is a valuable addition to our beautiTulao!. poleon.we are keeping cool as ever.ings County Supreme Court—Special Term*There is yet another case which eaa hardly be recea f.^rwtuitheconstantcareandentireacouracydemand- edofonetowboaeprofessWaalskilltojstrutted_thecoa- •tructlrm of fmportdnt publir workt r,atat> to J sewer n w in progress in Fortieth street. Ninth area** Thirty ninth street aad Eighth avenue, ta which an erref ta the trade was made or eight inches at the max.tauB, which may taVrtre the city ta rfllfatton and tear aaJ throws a sermnt mjonttbtltty an vhw Heftaeer of thtBut there are otbcf causes ta which act only Mr. Cra- vra.butMr. Ta»T«n,areeqiiarry culpablr. They have re- tained ta osnee perseawsrno have been pre vac gmtty e» csBand detujqtieacy oontmHtod as omcars of the dapart' tTJT*LltOn the 7th ef DeOeaabwr, BM#, Faul OmppeM aa^* three otherpersonsmadeacomplaint totheCrotonAwwadoe*ofacellarforMr Henry J. Amwwwaf. at Twwvirto taattlswawU Bad furatohad pawsjna, fswe_f»fj»*"J: longingtothedepartment to aU in.thefWtfhtn^ot * thWcoHlract. and that he had fraadutaetly rvtiimed theH e said» « t h mj,^T Z,Letters from the Swedish camp of manosavrea at Bo-Scandinavian monarchs had concluded * treaty of alli-ganizing a powerfnl opposition Denmark should b* compromised to a struggle arising ;Tbemagnificentsteam packet,thelister,belongingto fromIhe fchh^ eat***,NEW YORK HERALD, gBIPAT, JULY 20,>•mpnae,h econcludedb yproposing,naudatrapturwnaCbT*?'auxxMAX o f the Garibaldi fund j o u n c e d ttatie bad lost recelred a letter from the General asking for twoThe communication from the Mayor, removtag Mr A l- fred W. Craven, Chief Lacoaaer, aad Mr. Taptaa, coat mtosiener, of the Crotan Beard, wag called upwr B*ttaTooxtaWTOi',T»» Free laotttnnons oi EJBI ajr.fa»«roOEta»*w.*TW Free Instltations of Engand the UnHeTsuten-lhe seeds of liberty throufl out the world."Mr. MMXJOWAK, "The Vice President of the Ind"the"ompany separated abottGalway Packet Contract. (From the London Times, Jul) 6 ]Hat Galway packet contract BUode in a very curious position. The plot of the story thickens day after day, kan it is ceassaaed that the solution must be left without prejudice to th e sssWdfMaasa of Parliament Probablj most o f our readersresnesnber the earlier^shigeeor t h ekuArtosto, < ^ w|« C *not oajr pe-Dnileas,but lwnimisse and foodless. i> «•»uTM transaction. In the month of February, 1859, Lord Der- soma, cum Commentario, Ac.; asec. ad. xii.the Mayor, containing the special charges against Mr Crsby a government entered into a contract with a company a popuUtioTctf ^ ^Ooio*2.000 fcawwwaw "Jar. Lerer"s t^nsay,^ whewby It^eyas •greed that in consideration o f a n annual subsidy of £78,000, a line of mail packets should be maintained be- tween Galway a a d t h e United Slates. Great, however , was tow commotion when this contract transpired.Another Atlantic Company, which h a d been auxiosa t o compete for th e service, and which, moreover, had re- ceived assurance that t h e service woold be open to com-me Office has just Informed us that in the year ending >h SI, 1 S » , the excise duty collected on spirits to £10,000,181, on malt to £6,8«i!,45», on bops01tSacra UUna, two vo)«. .ssse. xL^xii.; a mpst tmanuscript, on vellum—£18i BlondiFUviiTnBomfe.librl x.,s»c. x^.,taPrtoefp»,aflne8pecPope Leo X-allbrary-£T0. CellavwwDimae; -a superb and highly tatereattag manuscript, «by a German scribe (probably brael v o n M ecelder) as • bridal gift to the celebrated Margarettrim, a truly grand specimen o f German art and ltteraturo-£3». Caaslodori Viri 8pectabUis Ubri Xll. Varia-rum. from the library or Pope LeoX.; «ec. xvt—£«.Ciceronis Bplsiolte;sec. XT., beautifully fllustrated mana-script in gold and cotors--£76. Dante, La Divlna Commedia. ssec, xv., a most important and valuable manuscript,formerly ta the Albani collection—£«S. Graduate cumNotts Musfcis: stec. xi., the raact Important of the Gradu- lie domaius of the State.' "ate ever offered lor sale--£80. MlasaleMonastlcuui. bead- The provisional government of Sicily baa appointednowwere Uvjof»**s »l*obr'the Druses a week or to sgo. l a both thede»the fronSlM. wnr flying oror t?i» huildui,. StUion, felt naturally wronged by the arrangementlost energetfc abettors of despottam, ta virtue of the vers conferred upon me, It is decreed—' The corpora- ions or regukrs existing In Sicily, under the different mes of societies and houses of Jesus and of the Ra- ptor, are iiseolved. The individuals comooslagthem 6re expelled from tbe island, aad their estates annexed tounprejudiced, or , perhaps, rather gain than otherwise b vthe work.fuoved. For Instance, • diminution ef the eabaakaeal, forbeing isdcprsdently proposed. This was all very fair,lad ordering the bigoted prohibition to be at once re-transactionbeyondalldoubttbeactualdeedwaspro-duced, and is printed in the evidence. What, then, dothe committee s i y to this? Why, they say that, thoufhtheyhavenogroundforsupposingthatMessrs.IrwinandHolmes did resort to a n y "corrupt means" In carryingout their part of the agreement, yel "the exertion of uudue Inflrence" could not, according to their inference,"hare been excluded from Mr. Lever's view" when henadethebargain. Asfar,infact,asMr.Leveriscoacern-e<1, they form a dis-tinct opinion, and observe that, "if Mr his doing the trapee with a single hand. Catehingl hold L#ver, who entered into this agreement, were himselfAU lijb LAS beeL burnt and pluudercd—Dltve trees cut ciation to her Majesty for the loan of the magnificent por- A I0.01 a d e f l n i t e recommendation, and "deem it most be again let go, and making another desperate exertion, yean it will be aooessary to adapt the whole works to andown.oocuous, silk and corn destroyed, wine and oil spilt, wnawaybythehundrtsdthousandgalMUKbyUIJsion,.readaletterfromColonelPhipps,writtenattheoftheHo;iee,withoutsuggestinganyopinionoftheirborneowardbyitsimpetus,alighted,ontheplatformAfrica.TheyweremarcheddownfromthedepottotheTheseimportantchaosesintheworks,involvinganta-trait whjjh adorned the walls of the room on that occa-althtn-jhtne tr.OLkawereagainandagainassured commandofherMajesty,inreplytoaainv.tationtoher own. Wewillnotventureupon thegroundwhich'the whichhebadstoodonatfirstIthe Colonization Sosiety to take ba^k slaves now here toincreased consumption and a more equalized distribution."ruftt *eik of (be oatritt (a wealthy mau, called Majetty to allow her poi trait to be taken by an American ey Ttmhlutt, of Mhsthtarah. and wt-Jl klauwa u>near- artist. The letter, after expressing ths gratificationcommittee haye avoided, but it seems pretty safe to a n - ticipate that Ihe session of I860 will not come to a close w iihout at least one more- i nerest iag debate,The noble generosity of Garibaldi has encumbered him With wounded enemies, whose sufferings place them in the rank of friends. The barbarous bombardment of Pa- lermo has added a long list of casualties, and tbe hurried preparations which this bold enterprise demanded have not permitted any extended supply of medical nece»3aries and instruments.On the Stb of May, the anniversary of Napoleon's death, a funeral service was celebrated In the Catholic church of Jamestown.crcaaedcapacityoftbepipesovertheHighBridge,inthe Manhattan Valley, and through varioas dtstrtata ia taw city, will require a targe outlay of money, and u at i~ia- pvns»ble that the plans of the works shall now be arras*<d with the utmost skill, and that the contracts -*heaki he let and the work dene so as to avoid the enormpo* satesjliab#Mn wanderuog in the lebaivHi), that being.ned community neither they tor their property hhenin be tenehed. Having 1 a'Jed them into security Said Bey silt wed his men lb attaes: the pmoe. Of the sixtywhich her afayesty esperieuMd on receipt of the kindly sentiments of tbe citisens of the United States, stated that though her iUjiaJlys engagements would uot admit of her sitting for au original portrait, her Majesty would be most happy t o give every facility for the cjpying of any portrait already paintei (Cheers )[From Dublin correspondence London Times.]-u .„TM»*IWAT POSTALCONTRACT.The followins; carious ststement in reference to themonks) aboui ahvteon w«re killed, tbe rest, managed to es-cape abd hide in rocks and paces on the mouauin. Thom a o r t y ttiatthifl 8W<n wflev endnring inrest privations,i-utmaoy have ainoe died, and aU are moVe or leas injur, the United states," coupling with it the health or his Ex- in tbe Dubim Btenw Post. For months pnat frWdawdextreme,thanwastataking them offfromhere. Had not the boats of the Water Witch been U re to render aid, the loss o f lift Would have been very great.the new reservoir. Incommenttaguponthissubject,IhaveahktaiewlfrontThe CHAIUMA!* then gave "The Diplomatic Service of ed, some being still Uiiwing. This community, a month cellency George M. Dallas.1 h ri rLw^ i * ^ ^ f i 2^*!S? ^****i! *F * snbsidv appearsgiving currency to any of ihe nunors wh.cn have reaches me, but have confined myself so the rtsulla wh-ca art patent to any citizen who wllftake the t roubie'to exaaunt the papers herewith submitted.If 1am correct ta the conclusions drawn from the sta.f menu hare presented—and of course, being founded at mathematical data, there can be no error—4 asa conn tad your honorable Board and the public will unite with aw in the belief that A. W. Craven, th* Engineer, to dtoqaal fied for the important trust* confided to him, aad that there fe sufficient cause to Warrant mr in his removal,aM the appointment of soma other and more competent pa ton in bis placeagooosofthi monweahhy laAtu,hasnowneither house nnr fool.* 'Mr. DALLAS, in responding to the toast, said tbe diplo- serrk-e o f the States embraced a roll o f eminent including t h e Fradkttns, t h e Plnkney* a n d othe- illustrious names,-from tbe Revolution down to the present time. The reason way their fellow couatrymen played so conepieuor« acd em ment apart l a Europe was that they came from a free country—(cheers)—aud were sustained b y the support a n d kindness o r the AmericanIt seems that the split ia the Ministry atcaused by difference of opinion relative to the annexation. Prince Torrearsa, President o f the Council a n d Deputy Dictator, and Pisani, supported b y L a Farina, voted far immediate annexation, against which Garibaldi bad alrea- dy publicly pronounced.The Comere MereaMGe, of Genoa, announces thatiMax-Judge ything oxur we must arbitrate or await his return.Twewty•lb«r boots after Dheir*et Kamsr (as related Inmy |aa( totter) awreuJ^rt 1 to the Druses ucler SheikBechir, an armr ef Druses—which seomed almost tospring out o f the earth, so sudden w a s i t s appearance—attacked the tlsj^oatried it, burnt sad plundered it,murdering t i e men and violating the women (includingsome iUrooite nan*), and in very few boors making one people. (Renewed applause.) I of the moat tUrtvmf ri*g«* hi Leborton a howling wil-deraeap. UOBMOf the people escaped and started towardSMosat the Mae of which they were motby afauaucmob c4 armed Moslems, who—-V^ing with t h s Druseszini arrived at Palermo on the 231June. of Turin, now confirms the fact.Onr St. Thomas Correspondence.ST. THOMAS, June 20,18U0. Jrartrf for Game FbwU aad Prospect of Improved SummerSport3-mMerrkett~~Beal(h~-C<mmercia1, die.and Metualieof tbe awsghborhood. and headed b y BVim Tureef, •» Druse vakeel or agOwt o£ the before mentioned Said Be-.— uiordered ther- poor creatures in o l d bU»d, cootteviafi^sw saewoh Per such as even then escapad into the woods, and bwrwta* down a stuail rorest to gft at theMr. FAOUJCY proposed t h e next toast.were Englishmen who felt aa much pride an*at the great nation on the other side of '^J »f5r„.V» aa Americans themselves. It must * \ £ L f 2 £ 2at thetime of theAmerican ' ^ ^ ^uded for a transfer of "the subsidy" to a rival company.aad that this sacrifice is not only countenanced by aBritish Parliament,but urged by them upon the directors,ir we judge the Irish proprietors aright, they would pre-fer a total loss of their capital, in endeavoring to carryout the project in its integrity, to becoming the reclpi harp sttte that the Sovereigns of Denmark aad Swedenents of the paltry return which they would be eatitled to have been living there tn the closest tatisnacp fop *asconsentingpartiestothisactofinjustice. It may not week. Areportwasprevalentta thecam*thattot twobe too-late ta counteract the evil, and probable mar lisaccomplishment;butamomentshouldnotbeib,tinor-ance,offensiveanddefensive,tacan?theindependenceof ug,andbetteradaptedtoCubanmarkets.Acargothefactthatthematerialsemployedwerenottaaccord-Mr. CK ^KJti proposed th< health of tbe Coairmtn la a few eulog<stle remarks.The Opiniont, It has been stated on good authority that the emigra-:wY have wet much of commercial interest to advise. There is a good demand for game chickens at present, under the. impression that the summer amusements in this line a r e t o increase b y additional company from abroad with abundance of the precious metal to waste, Saved from revolutionary wreck in Mexico. Our health is good. Arrivals from the North have placed with us anThe toast was received with honor and duly responded "The Campbells axe coming"tion from Ireland to Rome will b e for some time discon- tinued So many of the sons or St. 1'atrick have already arrived at Ancona and Macerata, that the Papal authori- ties cannot, it seems, provide for more.Another cause is to be found ta the following atew- ment —Your honorable body, as a constituent part of the Commoii Council, adopted a resolution to confirm at assessment for paving Forty-ninth street, from third a Lexington avenue, with trap block. Ia the perform an* of this work the Engineer did not exercise a prop? vigilance.advisable to leave the decision entirely to the judgmentcaught the other bar still with the same hand, and beingfbeor the contract have Iwn tacitly preparing for a ca tastrophe of some kind or another; whether itstroe nature » oniretdlyindlcatMt b y the fort a few weeks, if notA rumor o f strange import i s abroad in reference t othis company—a rumor most startling In in nature—andone well calculated to rouse the energies oi those In-terested la the success of this great national undertakimrIt ia conudetUy staled that a t the very moment when b rsuperhuman exertjoe, this line hat been fciriv started-Latthe veryroom»>-,twhen, nntwithstanding strenuous OTJSJO-eitioa. tb* Government find themselves almost coerced topan*t" "the subsidy," an arrangement has been con- «• j n arrangement< There have been no wrecks no w for some time. $miabaageneNorthtospend thesummer,andshouldiDraaea of the neighborhood, by which tho latter prlncHpleoYnatlooal liberty was spreading among all * ? * ?*^t IflOTWl»HH *•• Ualmxmmmm. are monk, it to said—who ha* devoted many vears to theIn tfe miterirc'i, B"ooU\m,for a JfavHtawtw again* Liadiey Ifwr- .—Motion for a mandamus denied, bat without costs,ito protect jhe former oa_condition of• a^wsJC -civilised men, and there was reason to hope that a uaited Italy wouM weoa tale its palm in the family or usAmns that hadsnodetermined that the "Liteof Robert Stephenson" shallbe well done. In addition t o the engagement o f Mr. JeaBre soa. they haw gn*d with Mr William Pole. IVoiasoTorstudy of eiectricity aad tetafraphic matters. He ha* some extraordinary inventions, whtch he is submitting to the Emperor of the French. It is stated thai among them is a discovery of the means of transmitting *aerimtfa of handwritingaadmanuscriptsfromstationtostation,so that telegraphic despatch may become a legal document He can also transmit a Iflteneas by this agency, t" be re producedattheotherendorthewire.the changes decreed in the capital of t h t southern dom,twenty rallilrns ef Italiat? now alsBtay thecolore; they have the freedom of the press and freedom of association;Okayhavewtaposs,thf;--can cometoan understanding with the rect of Italy ta order to accelerateiSh01^oH£rJf ^^SW"WBWW^^( l ^ S ^ ^ ^ m .^SBBS^SS. ^^BBPW theanselves. (Loudb4Civil Engineering to. University College, for Ihe puswlrid without prejudice to a renewal of the application. It H, la my opinion, be Improper to grant a mandamus itilHtor-Uowu that anexecution onthejudgmentiu favor of the relators against Mr. Murrav in th" suit re-ferredtointhe affidavit tt anineffectual remedy. Ida not think that I ought ta assume that he will resist the oc-atoftheCourtandretainbookstowhichhehasno jhtafterajudgmentagaiaathim.especiallyafterthe |p!aaal:r>n made by him in relation to their removal, dhb de-laration subetanttally that theyWiltbeheld Wtnamenable-ta such process. Without, therefore, •lug upon the mrrita of the application. I shall deny motion now, without prejudice to ita renewal,and un-Who would have predicted t h i s n j e a r a g o :news of the eonstitatior of Kaple* arrived atCourt of the Cardinals rassthavo been sececl wtttGaeta can no longer b^comfc a,pta»; o'refage for the ftpe.What can the 1'jntifical (rovernmeat do betwwen PiedmontaadNaplet* General Laynowclare1^ pop't'otl LasbeK)ee.«more difficult than ever: bis ally at Kapieefca?raiscit tbestandardwhichfrightensRome,andprcciaimed thecon- nsarifes,whoare toreman:onboardfwta«prwent.gosBs>» •:» • alfc»*> ' v^.TOfflolratishe rtsiac of the ^aassnalbe the Issue of the present noble movemeat, if foreigu in tilswawtsaa did not prevent H, aad he trusted that Ku- fnroosedioiTr^^ »«F«V tosodishonorablesn} eloquent n^erh, proecjentinc,technicalandengineeringpartofthewort Messrs. Rutledge k Co . of London, announce ss forthedited by M. Alexander r^rnug NW ? r ^ e V % t5e«,The Cvaim* ofTurin.the'Osvoa''organ.topened"Thefrsss aWW theuOsprioaandexpouea*of ^s4tf5stiircaAr^?*''-r.iJlfasfoncwscitheUtechacsesatK*P*K>_aBnwi t a ^ " * ^ ^•"•dad. A veevy free press, he said, •ra date; aad a free newspaper press •awM Kagtaad aadBmorica. Inthv- It would oe _J the frej a wwndroiu in-ealbless- redher fbofht lUtioa ahonttieytoJw*tpabttshtagthesecondseriesof"The Mr. Frankt9mMtfmtthe London c o m - , are by Mr. Gegrget!>e circocistaaces •thedeniall« witboot • " • " •cotta.* *ktbe begwa—(cheers)-xnd that the triumph wooldbe'•The American Aaaocia- 'andcoupled withitthenameof;Hr>r, whev in respwadhag, stated that'drowelfand Conboj were at the lime cf the ^ ^ P * ^ofthe,SecondLireCua The effusions calleds ^ d ^ o f ^ & n n f t a h i r s MacdonaH, a native of Huatly,wh;ch have been Italian uniacatioti: Are cot these ixemimaete bentftnftime o f the men while working o n thto they were paid by the department.Job, for wwwaA'awA! •jLSsjw••**»••• aWWsWwJwsw^sw U | I^APBsnP #BBSB*A B w W f • sa^WB awir^El' tag the library of thejtate Mr. E A. Crowniasnieid, ef Bas- ta, Cnited ^Uies, and comprising nearly two thooased lots o l rare a n d valuable books, many o f them in rteh'Macedor ian was hauled off to the Navy Yard, Poris-1 and subsequently in the serviee of the fl*rto^l wSteM*mjyw»«w• •ta•ik»e«n•a*sHtegarde thawe eAarges sBn,a«irtawat, by which It appealed that the « rt was nia-itl.f with Oaotniboy alone. Comaali was fo'oreman >•! a gang,ai.dthroughh:«agencyorai numberof th* taannriongmgtoitwere allowed ontbeeeUarj. t*- bindings,withdrawingsandautographs,willbedisposedtbePortsmouthbar-araa,sometobedischarged,othersbeiattowed furlough. Th* Macedonian Is in i n efficient ta coarae of rxoavattea by CowboyofbvM. s.ruttickASimpson,London,onthe1'2thof sad eight following days.The louden Gtsse e f Jane 30 says:—Mr. Cropsey s large piotureef *« Aiaaava on tbe Wtdsct: " gires, we suppear-Untitled DocumentfortheBratlime,a livelyideatotbe cisAtkactieer»«?•etttutionwhtch thePontifical «t*irtt.-msWers itsfevwt dangeroas eccmy. Can the Marches and T'mbrta be tacch longer retaiaedy Aad is not the Austrian domination in VenettauronglyaaenaccdT JtacharetheadiMU^as whichItnilymayreapficw thipo'ii'-ca-chRugf^atNMr*From a report of the Military Defutrttnmt oTSW^arr-itrffor an old vessel nrVr acatee fiBn wil! be stripped dta-x---->iinashort,tin**,asthere»noprobabilitythat ,'»."'. l>encviel very soott,at«amera being nowthetiled that they were paid by Cneboy. othoerfsthetioattheaT worked ivataiteualy for him, aad several that tnev re ceived pay from the deparUnewt tor awe period that they wereengaged» theeervleeatCoabay. 1tf tavsreto the least heattatiou ta Inferring the frau* *-the " Indian summer " of the New WorldW e hav..Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comoa this side of the Atlantic.very celebrated pair of grand gallery pictures, in France aw "LeaOtseaux" a a d "Le Moulin d eiW. Craveatirwsn CittMssw B#BisBsBl tfcaMMphysician, fin*edition,>|HBRRitumRoman*curiaec u ml/usaigel*salWt « » y - iPietroil*vairttleral»learimKara") has been appointed t o aAlderman Coaxxu ven be concurred ta.moved that taw removal of Mr. OraJoseph! Historia de Gaptfvitate Judaeorum, Acj WPC. xv.a most elaborately written and gorgeously illsjmiuatedmanuscript on vellum—£240 Lectionariam et Sequent!*,com Antiphoparlls et Oratlonibus Festorum Eoclesl* Re-mame; sate. XVi., a most superb and interesting manu-script on pure vellum, richly adorned with illuminatedcapitals, exquisite paintings, and borders, most probablybyTadeo. Miniatore—£804 The total amount realized way station and seized the robber, but to fold him ta his by tbe two days'sale of this extraordinary oolledHon <>e- armi and regret that a targe family dependent on his ownFrance for the Trie Celebration o r American lndepcn- Euchoperation was like debating the preamble of a rail the service ofja foreign potentate. jano immediately after the ceremony the child was deco Third. That tbe embankment has been decreased by aaLondon, by a dinner at the London Tavern, yesterdayevening. About a hundred gentlemen sat down to a tracts made their first report; but this report containedfin the journals. Esumptuous repast, at seven o'clock, under the presidency no decisive opinion on tbe Galway affair. The •9m Omnrim *• MttrfHOts states that a skirmish took of General Campbell. Amongst tbe company were his Committee, indeed, deemed it "uhnewssary' to! A Berlin paper affirms that the chateau of Rosenbofen, the' summer residence of the King of Bavaria, is being prepared for the reception of Joseph II., in case be should find it necessary to make a precipitate retreat from Na> pies.MAKmuxgi, Jaly 4,1S60 place on th* Both ult.,near Messina, between somede-Ucbmeats of Gaxibaldkns and a portion of the royal troops.TIAC t o r l l . t H e t r a i t i o n .tbe Cnm*Hfit!ion*ut publishes the following—we receive at this moment a mwt unexpected docu-gExcellency Mr. Delias, Mr. Layard, Mr. P . N'. Dallas, Mr.B Moraa. Secretary to tbe Legatkm: Mr. Cropsey, Mr.Thornton Hunt, Mr. J. R. Crcskey, Mr Darling, of NewYork; Mr. N. 8. Dodge, Mr. Kelk-rge, Mr. T. Hswkuworth,discuss whether, under peculiar aad exceptional circum- stances, it may be expedient for the House of Coinmoas to deviate from the ordinary practice of Voting tbe moneys tequired to carry out contracts which tbe execu- tive government have conclusively effected within the[ The populations oow under the nominal rule of the Sultan are—Christian!, 16.220,000; Mahometans, 14,120,000;and Jews, SGO 000; making a grand total of 83,440,000 in of the changes made in the original plans which hareMr. Taylor, Mr. Furnbw, Mr. Everitt, Dr. McGowan. CapUTucker, Ac. Letters or regret for unavoidable absence limits of their authority;" but, though they acknowledgedcausedthesediscrepanciesandincreasedcost,andtoas- certain their t fleet upon the interests of the city.It requires either the professional knowledge of an en- gineer or the experience of a contractor acquainted withwere announced as received from the Hon. Robt- C. Wiu-that under the actual terms of the Galway contract Par- liament could withhold the funds, they were "notare-pEurqpe, Asia and Africa.The LnantHeraW, or June 20. siys:—For centuries pastJews of Mesopotamia have been in the habit or makingthrop, late Speaker o f tbe House o f Repreeentatlves, andserve Weareiaimrassdbylettertsmtthisdeeumeut SenatorforMassachusetts;fromJ.LotnropMotley,the paredtorecommendthiscourse."basibeen sent to the Queen ofS.win, with a very affection- btxtorbin; George Peabodv, Esq.; Joshua Bates, Bfq • th* Thew explanations Will elucidate the questions with ate letter, sa wbieh the Count de Sowtemolln explains at Kijjbt Hon. Mtoer Gibson; John Brigijt.Eiq., M. P ., Sua. which Mr. Laing w as plied oa Friday last. As it hap-General de Lamoriciere has dismissedofficers or whose Sdelity he was not fully persuaded, and baa supplied their places with Frenchmen and Belgians.The Pope ta said to have taken Lord Palmefston's speech in very ill part indeed, and to have expressed h i s concern at such a view being taken of his government,The police returns state that a s many a s ninety-fire murders were committed in England and Wales ia the year ending at M.chaeimafc, IS6». In the complete yearfoes Since then OKgovernment of that nation hal >eeaThat,meditatedinaprisonandsignedatamoment mamtamedwithunblemishedhonor,andbybeingin* callyinterested,pressedforanexpanationoftheomis-when all oommnnimtion w as forbidden us, it poetess** wasted in the hands o" the people bad attained unexam- sion. It was ta vain that Mr. Laing declared it meant no-noctoftheconditionsrequiredtorenderitvalid. pledsaecees,aadbadbeenabletodiffusehappinessand thing,butwasmerelyamutterofaccount. Theeon- 1669coroners'inquestsfoundverdictsofmurderin204That, consequently, it is null and ilfcf d, and cannot be prosperity to the people. That nation afforded an asylum tract was not in operation when the estimates were to the ucfortinate and distressed of every country. He prepared, and therefore was not brought to book- That the rights of which it treats can only profit the begged to propose, with this brief communication, "The that was a'l. As for the question itself, it would remaincases (115 of them against women).some indigenousy pilgrimages t o t h e tomb o f Eiekiel, Within somemiles of Bagdad. On arrival, some week} ago, how- sneb work to determine the actual value of the different/i «4i.in»ii(iijui WWUH, • ' • V 'I't-aw^v-^ijmsm^mmi'mm,v-.j.^mmm*'^..•vjerve, and 67,416 ta the landwehr.#re not included the coatIngeaU which the C.atonSve te supply to the Confederation.- ef the French Intends to Otoe* U0.B9P • » francs at the disposal of the Minuter of Agriculture and Public Works, to be •sanded lathe completion of t<dc-... the restoration of churches a a d Bda*or-<-.al U, the rebuilding of presbyteries aad aaaool K encouragement of sciences, letters aad the• to grant dutyto all produce of the Sutea„ wine and the dpB,84T gallons of fbreigVtafrtts'Ihat were imported and retained for hoes*'«oanwmfgtttl,18M: and as for home made beverages, the Inland Reve ven and Mr. Tappan.baa publishedfoUowlngdeefwe atPalert h eGaribaldimo.'—"Considering the Jesuits and the Ligarians have, Eurinlr the gad period £ f Bour»oni?t domination, been t h etended to cover the Pope's retreat to Ancona, ta case of necessity.> — a *Total e m P. OfexaatG orB oremb. LOT breki_ ratagrt X. Of -arthiheBeserv 0. Of bricfct. Of eoncsei 0.Offeet,bo ef t.mber,passed since Wimbledon Common has seen such a vastconcourse of people as that assembled yesterday; nothinglike it has been seen there since that memorable re- • Tbe revenue of Great Britain has now reached the which the contractors haveonly one cent per cubic lard, view srhen the Prince Regent restored to the Duke highest amount that it has ever attained ta the whole an- and an increase on the excavation, for which they have ofYorkbisbaton ofFieldMarshal. Therewere proba- nalsofthecountry. Thereturnforthe year endingtbe twenty-onecentspercubicyard,andadiminutionofthe bly not leas than 100,000 persons on theCommon 80thofJunelastpresentsagrossincome to theStateof• •tonepaving,forwhichtheyhaveonlyonedollarandtea and along tbe roada leading to tt.Piling.... •ricks delive Barrels ceraeiTotalantom Deduct twent. the terms o'Amount doc Add bills atariTatalv.;.FaJchTijtfa term! fornwh ooourenceaccTo ma CnovoKtbe want of iti constant chani means ufgivtaj of "the qiantit-pletethanew •• nitely would r * th#stageofthfjur Boardy< dauasarehnp pr bablybere Ac , are not dot have net been < per centnfts>ladderwasplacedatanordinaryangleagainstoneofthe rafters of the roof. Leotard jumpen up and 'caught one Of the rungs. After hanging for a few seconds, he sud- denlyletgfcwndtheinstantafter,byanimmenseeffortof strength Jnad caught one of the bars two feet higher. He there swung for a moment or two, and again letting go, sprang npwards aa before, and caught another bar Above, as in the former instance, and so on to the top or the lad- der. Butthemostextraordinarydispliy of thedaywas8260,000)tatbesameratio,soteatthecitywillprobabiy $te ffnited Stales Steamer Crutader—Arrival of (he Ship tose by this mistake nearly 8100jOOO.the contractor under ttie Galway contract, vour commit-teecoulduotdoubtthattheHouseshould'withholdthemoneys necessary for carrying it into ettect." The case, most superhuman effort, and catching the bar of the epdeajvored to get off from hoi- shoro tbo Aioerican bark department is of so purely a nrofssass sal nature that it hack ainmhMPalermo w a s,, v r towingintoNeuvitas i_.-S,wir?ti':>-:<-ij 3ancho,andtoeffectthisowingtothecc;c.!••*.rfbe-1-->3. Dur- ing b»r cruisa Uis Crusaue- ha* spol*-. . 14V ^efa^ls.jArrived, July 18,shit. So;th Shore, LtCrrop,thirty days from New York. This ship has teen sect out byready exhausted the supply,and within the next fe*In theThe Paris eorreepondent of the Globe says that a work- have been furnished with the enclosed vagae aad toeaeThe Madrid Gazette of the 26th ultimo' publishes an offlcml account of the birth of the daughter of the pucq- Ls» de Mont~oetor: 7 ^ tafanl WW t j 0 D ^ Sjslpen, ana received the name of Maria de las Mercedes, and a greatf|ont of the British Embassy. The men, some of whomwere almost in rags, were to be sent at once to tfye fron-tiers as paupers under the escort of police, taei'Britif'hgeyerpmeut not bticg lMlla«4 t° ?** tt*!r fefpeuJes imany others, and among them "Holy Trinity" and CSecond. That the puddle has been Increased by aa home, SJBIhey acted contrary to law when they lentered !"Al. the Sai its." The Queen and King acted aa sponsors, amount of 26,000 to SO,000 coble yards, or 87 per centrecord of the birtb occupies, including the lists of the ns of the official dignitaries required to b e ta attend, on the occasion, no* less than four columns of smallThe London C'ArotiiVl- of tbe 3d inst says of the reviewof the National Rifle Association-—Many years! have hat a vizierial letter was oa Monday despatched to Bag- largely increased tbe amount which the city must pay for Q. OtmnareTortwharf;an1 debarked in boats for theship,tothenumber of 281. On reaching the ship one of the boatsswamped and two were drowned. On the morning or the14th .seventy four, oonstitutiog t h e blind, maimed a a ddiscarded, were transported from the hospital, making theentire number shipped35S. S h e sails today for BawaCove. ItIstobehopedthatmorecarewillbeexercised anderrorswhichhavebeenshowntohavebeenmattis in landing them at this pi lie. as tbe bar is fcarfh' In tl.• » ,i, en Friday, where as inspection at general quarters made by the authorities, fm* men deserving good conduct discharges wil! receive them on payday; tbev}rftv.r('n>. gebtraii/ £0xid.ThehealthoftheMaoadouian's crewTtiis Board met o a acall by the President, chair .evening, in;qualityofstore wasused,and also thatthtworkww performed ta so negligent a manner aa to cause tt to swtsv Ul mexT places Immediately after its completion. Taf (fcotoA Board had notice of yU defective caaxacWr ef tht notorialemployedontheworkemfoe11thoTTSHobw,pfltag  