 one thousandCongressmen i we pnHisa tendtoanBand of the >rotectjon 4>fgCoxaxnitte* moning Gor. >ttfng certain session, xela- been startediile they are est that they uterrogatiiuf dot that he he Governorakingarmed in the event ' Presidency. >rmally com- •merly a red-ites Minister t the scheme rnors of the . it was re-late " Union idge Bailey, ict. As Thekwmre, which ig thePresi- letters to all the GovernorL which WiseT^ Prevent* Fre- aking th»explore fchi* (et us know genius whoBrown, and' America and conspire to Bailey, Mr.bate to hiai. / jast as w6U.e Southerneer for fear-gonChern men and Southern institutions, just as though their section was not "hopelessly weak andI pro?PpOofised.England has signified an intention.of protecting - j. -, •••ijy88SBM&^ in. view of the xag&io^ ; wr.xwgbRS (Dem., Ho.) said M?. Sfterman M atfy punishes ne. | Ic k ad tried to ith about it speak ontf rated Rick-i new Sedi-' ?ode as fol-Federal .au- itciry force, will be aa "It will au- > all assem- stena of eg- exercise of 36 the mili-Of course ihington to rres.H of the >L-sm."his recent •ent direc- iertaking.gnty in the owever in- . He does n Southern ay will un-Southern opposition itions may Iway» the we do not rf placate • or do, t o t Charies- Charleston 8 receivedOn t h e d Squat- cost himbring him Htness to Southern of every i of that >£W to jent^Jem- ag to float ton, as ai given up* on which 'R mission IU3 solilo-rown, re- s that our mos; de- feat Mr. loned hi* hat State era mind re State* •e. W e ites that action go a. Whe- hat their iatia th& BStates,borders m patri- inqedre* h. L e t •t. Yet of Rep- son for rousing against teagen- tack onwhole ke him- me for-r being; &ntiary^Soath: weak-censn*,werlAS*banneltf marked rfubjeotdoall *idenpresent. Mr. Davis's design in introducing the the assumption that there was no portion of the gation of the EaRt River.resolution, was to lay down a platform for the people of the United' States who derived benefit A memorial wae presented from the State Medicalfrom the operations of that department except those Society asking for a law to compel general vaccination. Charleston Convention, through an expression of a who received letters and newspapers by mail, and A bill to empower the members of charitable andmajority of the Senate, and thus exclude Mr. Doug- who paid for the benefit thus received. But this religious societies to hold property was reported favor-FRANCE.P ARIS, Tuesday, Jan. 24, 1860.vthem.GOV. BEAL OF JEFFERSON TERRITORY.that they would not. One great evil they would causeby abolishing the franking privilege, for, whateverporations are liable.Mr. CONKLING called up the resolution directingrtract was one which ought to be adopted in an inde- pendent Jaw, and all the members of the Committee ciSous of Malta..execution, are filled by America-fla Bo far as they are capable. Some offices they havo not tho requirements to fill; for example, the iiun>'oer of clerks connected*State Constitution, and otherwise as far as possible \ abolishing the Territorial form, and giving effect to IaBrownsville, Texas, dates of the 5th inst.A conrier from Colonel Ford to Major Heintzelman reports that the American steamer Ranchero was fired into thirty miles above Brownsville by Mexicans bear- ing the Mexican flag. Several shots passed through the steamer. Subsequently tbe Mexicans fired upon Colonel Ford's forces from the Mexican side of the river, dangerously wounding ono man. Colonel Ford the annv and navy, and others of a like important returned the fixe and crossed the river in pursuit of the.our claims against Peru, with a recommendation of' ous departments of the Government had become em- tavor of the amendment for abolishing that privilege,port at 12i p.m. to-day,and hermailswill be dispatched as follows: IhNew.Toik City, $200,000; inTbther parts this evening, and will be due at New-York at an early,4 -RECEIVED BYhas, witniil a few days, suggested a proposition, tion that they must either consent to a piece of legisla- Government was to be overthrown or undermined it which will probably be accepted, and then be .tion which they did not approve of, or adopt the would vbe by the corruption which arises from the enor- alternative of allowing the operations of the Govern- mous expenses. He believed that, instead of the car-chains and anchors, thumped over the bar, and lies dry of these Mormons matsembling out here areto<mjora respectable State Government entire in either sec- been suggested.privilege the officers of the navy were sent abroad to uphold the national flag in all parts of the world, as well along the sickly coasts of Africa as upon thethe Senate's amendments on 'the Appropriation bill, ing. The fire extended to the lumber wharf. George and that members be confined to five minute speeches. B. Sloat & Co.'s sewing-machine factory, adjoining, ThiR was agreed to, Mr. Grow acting as Chairman. was saved uninujred. The loss is not ascertained. The fire is supposed to have been the work of au in-daughters and two sons, that making their escape, ono daughter and three sons, ranging fromelevento eigfct- teenyears of age; the survivors wore living on the charity of the army at Camp Floyd, and on that of the Chief Justice, Judge Eckels, iff The Church" robbed, and plundered emigrants of large numbers of cattle the past Summer within ten miles of Camp Floyd, ^byrunning their cattle off at night while in camp and con- . cealing them for several days in the ravines and moun- tains till the owners had to give on*'starching for them and go their winding way. The cattle, mules ortion^ H e says there is perfect unanimity in oppositionto the scheme among the inhabitants of WesternKaiisas, who are determined to have a separategov3rnment, and who have already petitioned Con-gress for a Territorial organization of their own. result from the movement and much mischief. He leges be aboliehed at once—the roaming privilege, theThey will not join the people of Eastern Kansas in any election whatever. They were entitled to vote in tie contest for Territorial Delegate last fall, butwanted it postponed indefinitely.Finally the whole matter was referred to a Com-fighting, and the Senatorial and representative frank- ing privilege. The plea for the abolition of the frank- ing privilege is, that a great deal will be saved to theThe screw steamer Etna, Anderson, from Liverpool Jan*. 28, with merchandise to E. Cunard, arrived thisMr. Conway regards this proposition as nothingbut an expedient of a few political operators inKansas, who have been exerting themselves for fiveyears to get the control in organizing the State, butwho have been defeated already three times. Hesays that the Territorial Legislature, now in sessionat Lawrence, will unite with the Wyandot Con-vention in memorializing Congress for immediateadmission with the Constitution as it now stands. capable of reissue.Her say8 there is also strong talk in favor of passing The Post-Office Appropriation bill would drawregulate the use of slips and wharves at New-York,setting opaTt all that part of the water adjacent to thewharves from tbe east side of Pier No. 2 to and in-cluding the east side of Pier No. 9 East River, fromthe 20th of March to the 20th of December each year,for the exclusive use of canal boats and barges en-gated in transporting property on the Hudson River. A letter from Rome, in the Journal dts Dcbats, saysana* County officers hold, and investing the duties; and $4,000,000 out of funds in depositories subject of said offices in the officers elected under the I to the order of the Postmaster-General.and sending important documents to their constituents was not so extensive a matter after all. For instance, supposing that the cost of printing one copy of the President'sJMeseage amounted to $5,000, a second copy would cost only 20 cents more, and a third copy would cost only 10 cents additional, and sotrating at Rome 5,000 soldiers of the line, in addition to the Carabineers. 'LETTER FROM THE POPE.lieve the whole truth; the American people can't be- b'eve it. So mote it be. Nevertheless, the day will come when the United States will brush as a nation at the festering full grown ulcer that Utah is destined to". I•%• • \)Ifii\IsiA3••••Ashould adopt the proposed measure the House oughtto resist it, and leave the question open to be passedupon in the Presidential election. The peaple of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.amendments proposed in this way, no', only becausethe Senate's amendments did not come before them ina proper manner, but also because he objected to thetheory of the projected change. He did not believethe franking privilege involved eo great an expense aswas stated. It was said that it cost a million dollars; and receivers of railroads. It exempts them from any to us also if the proof we have found in this your let- but by abolishing the franking privilege would the personal responsibility, except for negligence or mis-Many contradictory stories are in circulation respect- Kans&s, Nebraska, and Jefferson will vote against ing the assault made by Mr. Edmundson of Virginia,By Mr. DICKERSON—IW relation to the trusteester of the Ides of last December, in which we find a most ample testimony of your faith, religion, piety, and obedience to ue. Most gratefulthoritatively and officially, aud corroborated by the evidence of gentlemen whose experience and position-v entitle them to eome credit at least; but what has - been the refcult ? Gen. Johnston, with his army, haa been tied down and handcuffed under orders—an army'that is?feeding the Saints, and making them fat, rich, . and even insolent. Too well disciplined, however, under a hard fate, to revolt, the army and its officer* • are subjected to the humilia'ing condition of having to* > submit," while tbe Federal Judges, under the letter of Attorney-General Black, were censured.A Probate Court in Utah usurps all authority; in- sults Federal civil officers by the-usurpation of its power, and delies them. And yet. the tympanum of the governmental ear has never felt a sensation, the feelings of tbie great people have never been aroused,, they merely look and*wonder,doubtand exclaim, can such things be! But it may be, and has been asked,- what is the remedy'-' We answer that the first knife to be applied to the" " ulcer" should be a repeal of the organic act, when it was made a Territory, and which, can be easily followed up by other remedies. yBut enough of this for the preseni.FIKK IN TROY STREET—THIRD ATTEMPT TO DE- STROY A DWKUIXC.—Last night another fire occurred •, in the dwelling house of Mr. Kobert'Peterson, No. 21: Troy street, but being discovered at an early mo-ment, it was speedily extinguished, the damage sua- -tained being comparatively tritiing.- Mr. Peterson's ~property in Troy street consists of a- front and roar -building, a portion of the latter being used aa a sort of 'it almost unanimously if it should be submitted to on Mr. Hickman of Pennsylvania, yesterday; but theter of the same most religious disposition to us and to this Holy See, which is deeply seated in the minis of the cltrgy ana people of your diocese.It was impossible but that the serious tumults prevail- ing in Italy, the confusion into which things were thrown, and the rebellion of some nrovinces of our temporal States; should not have caused you intense sorrow. All these things, in truth, Went on and were perpetuated under the instigation and encouragement of those whom it ought to have the most concerned to respect the law of nations and to preserve untouched the patrimony of the Roman Church. From day to day it becomes more manifest what wicked schemes these men are devising against us' aud the civil power of the Apostolic See, and very lately, in a lucubration full of hypocrisy, they have, bent all their efl'oits to deceive the simple, to diminish and weaken the common consent of men in recognizing tho civil power of the Apostolic See." Continue, then, venerable brother, with the flock committed to your pastoral solicitude, with one accord to beseech theAlmighty Lord that He may look with a propitiouseye upon you and your common affliction, ana that He held a csmcus on Saturday night, and discussed a plan may give to our weakness strength from above, wheresmall fir switch, and applied it to Mr. Hickman's face, Gov. Beal of Jefferson Territory is here, and! denouncing him at the same time as a coward and a slan- derer. Messrs. Breckenridge and Keitt, who were in will cause a memorial to be presented to Congress I company with Mr. Edmundson. prevented further pro- which i* signed by eleven thousand miners, who | ceedings. The alleged cause of attack is certain late speeches of Mr. Hickman, in which he was understooderrors might be committed here, you take it out of the the Judiciary Committee to report a bill fixing the feespower of the people to correct them, by cutting off of the Sheriff of New-York on a just and equitable communication between the people and their repre- basis.sentatives, by refusing to furnish them with official Mr. JAQUES moved to amend by including the documents. For these reasons he was opposed to the County Clerk and Registrar.protest against being annexed to Kansas, and ask as taunting Virginia for want of spirit and manhood.amendments proposed by the Senate.for an independent Territorial Government.Mr.'ELSWORTH moved a substitute providing for the election of a second Sheriff for the City of New- York, and a division of the fees. This would be a ben-WASHINGTON, Feb. 12, 1860. There is reliable information from Vera Cruz that Gen. Degollado had been appointed Secretarv for The Kansas Territorial Legislature passed the Foreign Affairs, to serve during the advance of Mr.SLA VERYPROHIBITEDIN KAN8AS.i According to official advices, Miramon is ex- pected to attack Vera Cruz early in March* and a serious question may then be presented, involving the position of this Government. A demand will doubtless be made upon him to know whether he will afford protection to the American citizens who miv be in Vera Cruz, which, from the nature ofthings, cannot be satisfactorily answered, and maynot be at all. In view of tbis contingency, 'thealternatives will be presented to cur Government,whether to instruct the minister or commandingofficer of the squadron to extend protection bytaking those citizens on board the ships of war, orordericg a force of marines on uhore. There isgood reason to believe that the latter course will bewas a bill vvhich the emergencies of the public servicerequired to be passed at once. There were thousands Attempted Iflurder and Suicide. "standing, and an officer in the United States army."T.Mr. Brown of Miss., thought the South was en-To the Associated Press.WASHINGTON, Saturday, Feb. 11, 1860.tte State organization. He thinks that if the Senate ' Senator .Wilson leaves this afternoon for Massa- on. He "was opposed to overdoing the work, but aThe following is the reply of the Pope to the ad-dress of the Archbishop und clergy of the dioceseOf become in the body politic, in the social family and Ca?hel and Emlv: domestic circle.j p W - Y O R K DAIL Y TRIBUNE, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, I860.Site. * - >^" : 'From SLio Janeiro*legislature is now in sewion, and performs its funotiow The steamer Arizonai from Rio, Janeiro, D e c 2$, has uuadertteEngh^c*»t^f-a*ffi8; with ne* Bngihifam*a; ttUtered away with lighfeiug rapidity. At thatft'me, reform* and 70 per cent would by it be saved: to the as 8ergeant-at-Arm8, and an Englishman as Cbapla'nu Congressional bullies apparently know no better ferring them to ships, is not determined. France t<#, they epentiwo or thre*> days in giving their'atten- ••Government;.;:,-: •••.•••••,,.,.•..J .-.v.. .. .•,. -;• jlull. Quotatiohsriomihal. : jPreigHtsdtilL Herriewsifrom Montevideo, which is to the 4th Dec.[waa aritfei-i There is no civil government here, outside M!mGIVETICJ^LEGRAPH. formally submitted as a basis of eatisfactory. settle- ment to be clogged and crippled. If they consent to rying on of the Government costing, eighty millions perat low water. She will probably be gat off after dis- charging her cargo.Movement of Negroes to Hayti.weir religion; their real object Is, and was from t£o beginnmg. to Pander, TO% murder, and give tni**- strained liberty to all of the lower and baser paaeion* of corrupt nature. We, who have studiously studSd their daily walks, examined their I^glslatrro crania,From Washington. «p««bl lH*p*tch to Tho N. Y. Tribon*.W ASHINGTON, Feb. 12, 1860.IMPORTANT FROM KANSAS.it put of the power of the House, in all time to come, believed that half of the money spent by the Govern-to resist any future attempts to alter the legislation of ment m printing and-other jobs of alike nature wasment.THE PROTECTION OF SLAVKAY fcf TERRITORIES.the action of the Senate in this matter, they would putannum, it ought to be carried on for half that sum. H etitled to the required protection of Slavery in the classic shores of the"Mediterranean. The officers ofSeveral members addressed the committee, some in favor and some in opposition to the amendments, and at twenty minuteB past four the committee rose and the House^resumed.The CHAIRMAN reported nothing done. Tbe House then aojourned.Territories immediately and fully.Mr. Salisbury of Delaware, could see no good tothe army enjoy a privilege, which is a fighting privi- lege, that they may put men to death, or be put to death themselves in time of war. Let all these privi-cendiary.^^___ETNA.mittee of five, with the design of reporting some country thereby; but be did not see how in this way a saving could be effected. It was said that the Post-NEW-YORK LEGISLATURE morning about 1J o'clock. Passed ships Isaac Jeanes hors«s were then.very quietly driven into the " Churchof Philadelphia, Centurion, Harvest Queen, andKoyal Herd," which delectable Herd now numbers its thou- SENATE-...ALBANY, Feb. 11,1860. sands of cattle. The pliant tools who execute thisMr. ROBINSON presented a petition of the mer- Mail steamship Arabia, bound in to Liverpool. work is composed of what are known as " Daintes,"weald not do so. An attempt was made to get up a plan of accommodation. Messrs. Hunter, Mason, Office should be a self-sustaining department. He, for•poll for the benefit of Judge Johnston, the Demo- cratic candidate, j>ut only some twenty ballots were cast, and these were mostly for Mr. Parrott, the Republican candidate, and were given to him be- cause it was understood that he was opposed to the whole scheme. The people south of the Platte, in Nebraska, are also opposed to being incorporated into Kansas, for the reason that they have recently passed a bill through their Territorial Legislature, , which ha« been approved by Gov. Black, to form a State Constitution and apply for admission them- selves; and this proposed absorption of a portion of their population would deprive them of the requisitenumber.Johnson of Tenn., Yulee and others were not one, however, had never thought that this shouldnecessarily be so. That proposition proceeded upou chants cf New-York for the improvement of the navi- Her dates are the same as the Canada's.las in advance, by this imposing expression.THE HOUSE BINDING.elected by the Printing Committee to the House them. They leara from their ueighbors the market prices, and the rate of labor, and where labor isin tbe Asee'mbly.Long Island Steamboat Company.ASSEMBL Y .Mr. MILLER introduced a bill amending the act tobinding, at the average rates of the last Congress.THE INCREASED PAY OF THE NAVY.wanted. The farmer, the laborer, the mechanic, and the merchant, and all classes of the community, each in bis own way, are made acquainted with whett passes in the great world beyond them, through means of the Post-Office, and thus all are benefited. TheMr. SPINOLA introduced a bill to incorporate the ral Le Babier de Tienan has been appointed com- done in eight hours. But in eight hours moreen* >orIt is estimated at the Department that the in-creased pay of the Navy under Mr. Mallory's bill in Post-Office is the great diffuser of knowlege, and they• ROME.A letter from Rome states that the Pope, contrarythe Senate will not exceed $35(^000 per annum.would be opposed to the instruction of the people who would attempt to lessen its usefnlnets. They might as well expect the Courts of law to be self-sustaining, as to suppose that the Post-Office Department could be sustained by those alone who receive letters and news-nounced the idea of publishing his reply to the letter from the Emperor of the French, and has stated that, in spite of the temporary dissent existing between himf elf and the Emperor, he cannot forget previous eminent services.I have net mentioned the fact that " The ChurcJf^" requires by its creed, revelations and teachings, poly"— gamy andincest. I have not mentioned the fact that?* uncle and niece are married; cohabit, and breed'cllil-^ dren'; nor that half-brother and sister, step-fatnor'andj daughter do the same; neither the fact that a wido'w,. with all ber daughters, by a deceased man. are mar-;THE TREASURY.The weekly statement of the Treasury showsThe amt. subject to Drafts paid 1,231,505 02draft to be $8,4^0,847 30 Drafts isaued 1,036,836 95 papers by mail. He looked upon the attempt to abol-Receipts 1,494,5% 60 ish the franking privilege a3 subversive of the first In addition to the above amount, subject to draft, principles of instruction, and as subversive of the prin- the Treasury has $600,000 from the recent sale of ciples upon which the Government was established. This was not a monarchy, nor an oligarchy, but it was apopular government, sustained by popular opinion. The Government wis ruled and controlled by the people, and how could the people discharge the greatMr. L A W gave notice of a bill to prevent and fraudulent sales of stocks and bonds.fictitiousthat at Rome the Pope has only some dragoons andchusetts, having been called thither in consequence of medium oight to be observed. He was opgosed tothe death of his father.Mr. Ben Perley Pooro has been appointed Clerk to"Venerable Brother, Health and Benediction. We These matters (saye The St..LomsRepublican) have , have received with the greatest pleasure your let- been brought to tho attention of tho Government au-Ocampo, who is expected to arrive-here in the coursebill prohibiting Slavery in Kansas on the 3d day of of this week on a special mission from the Constitu- Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.) said that it was a Mr. MASTERSON moved to lay the resolution on the.tbis month. If the Governor should veto the bill, it tional Government, and more especially to arrangemistake that seventy per centum would be saved, but about thirty would be.table.'The motion was lost, but without taking the ques-will be passed nevertheless, as all but six members of the House voted for it.TROOPS WITHDRAWN FROM UTAH.such details of the McLane Treaty as are left to theexecutive authorities of both Governments, includingthe designation of the place throngli which merchan-dise from the United S atcs may either pass-free, or atMr. COBB replied that that was worth saving. He tion, the House adjourned till Monday, at 11 a. m. a3s.o advocated the abolition of the franking privilege..Though official orders have not yet been ismed,it is decided to withdraw all our troops from Utah,with the exception of one regiment, and scatterthem principally over New-Mexico and Arizona, in cided last week to report on the treaty, but thisF e b .12, 1860..was deferred in order to ascertain their opinions of RepuMican Sena;ors, some of whose votes are neces- sary for its ratification. • 'the President's indecision, as to the extent of forcewhich should remain in Utah, but he is now re- favor of it. The explanations which will be made by garded as concurring in the. views of the War De- Mr. McLane and othere as to the actual legal statusof the Juarez Government, must, it is confidently as- partment, which are substantially stated in the fore- serted, have the effect of removing the objectionsgoing programme. If this policy be carried out, vvhich'are now interposed.The indications as to the ratification of the treatythe HourlySome attempt was made by a portion of those pres-ent to agiee to listen to suggestions for amendments, but a large majority of the caucus favored pushing the bill through without any alteration, and in the briefestmake bead against this raging storm, to maintain the liberty of the Church and strenuously to defend the civil power of the Holv See. Let us unite in invoking the patronage of all the blessed in Heaven, especially of the Immaculate Virgin Maiy, Mother of God, that the pest of heresy and schism, when men the most wicked are striving to introduce into the regions of Italy, may be driven from them, and that the pride of those who, making an ill use of their power and arms, offer violence to us and to the Sanctuary, may be- broken in pieces. Meanwhile, with the most earnest prayers and desires, do we commend to God and to the Word of His Grace, you, venerable brother, and air your clergy and people, most dear to you as to us, and we wish and pray for you the enjoyment of every blessing of body and mind." A s a happy auspice of this manifold blessing, and' a pledge of the love with which we embrace youdn t?ho Lord, we impart to you, venerable brother, and to your entire flock, with all the affection of our heart, our apostolic benediction.range of the posts from El Paso to Fort Yuma.Some delay in this transfer has been occasioned byMr. STANTON—Appropriation bills are indispen-Nearly all the Democratic Senators are already m sable to the carrying on of the Government. Without possible time.such raties of duty as our Congress may impose; and,The good in the svstem was not equal to the evils.Mr. STANTON" (Rep., Ohio) concurred in the views taken by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. MiUson), and like that gentleman felt it obligatory upon him,From ASI>any. ' A1.HAN1-,also, to arrange the means by which the boundary ofThe friends ©f the Pro Rata bill in the Assemblythe Rio Grande shall be better protected, and personsthus early in the session, to \v. event, if possible, this upon appropriation bilKMr. BURNETT (Dem., Ky.) asked what rule did. they violate by adopting amendments of this kind ?Mr.Garnettwasexcusedfromserviceasamember.ofstoppingthewheelsotGovernment. Now,Hereof the Committee on the District of Columbia.Mr. MORRIS (Adm. Dem., Ill) offered resolutions calling on the heads of the Executive Departments to communicate fir«t the names of persons appointed to and removed from office by the present Administration in Illinois; copies of all petitions, letters, remonstran- ces, and other papers, on which the appointments andremovals were made.Mr. BARKSDALE (Ad. Dem., Miss.) objected tothe further reading of the resolutions.Mr. MORRI3 said the information should not besuppressed. .Mr. BARKSDALE said when the resolutions werein order nobody would objectMr. JOHN COCHRANE (Dem.. N. Y.) presenteda cop,y ofi thae. re„s,olu^tions adopted- by the New-York Chamber of Commerce m relation to the advantages ot mail emmunication with Mexico, which was referred to the Committee on Commerce.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep, Ohio),ftomAeCommittee• : " . /on Ways and Means, reported back the PostrOfflce Ap. Ways, and Means were in favor of such legislation,priation bill, whereupon the House resolved itoell into but they were opposed to its incorporation in an Ap- Committee of the Whole on the State of the Umoa on propriation bill to carry out an existing law. JSo newEASTO N.Feb. 12, 18G0.Tbe Wyoming Lodge I. O. S. M. of this place, have with the Uaancial departments of " The Church " the•theteese^^t| («$£!$?*»##: ^K^^nmwvm^^'M S° S^y.8t^dtho;°Piaion of the Committee, but hethe medi»ra learned circles of life, are |$»c**- Thkher subjects in case Miramon makea the expected f e n d e d by the Senate^ jmsm^tm%mmi>tWsft^- W t t s d ^ r b n ^ t f r a ^ ^" powerless beside the mammoth North." These attack, but whether by landing troops or trans- mow question, and $3j000,000 had been' "unprofitably *be amendment, tinder protest. It was"a measure, of arrived here; .She. brings^;$70^000 in>wk8eV Floor; as a Speaker, an Englishman as Clerk, an Englishma*thaatobeguiltyofoutrageousactsthatmust willstandneutral^andallow.^the/Mexicanstofight taon^Dottothe.billItself,buttothequestionofgeneral^^^^]^0tim^^.expressedthe.hobethat•patedV-'<'—.;^';;;'v<-";^^*M^fm. inevitably inflame the North*xn^mind, and if per- their own battles without any "indirect intervention. .legislation. The bill hac now come back to them with TM « e *"*&**in the amendment. I m*****&:%."TheChurch." Itis 'W^^S^^&mmSm in all cases of law and equity. It ordains and1 .1• • • •:A1mi(ft. ifH 3:litft: l\:i•5. I !I;i$ * s 31rI:i • t >, !;-j s..I-gj:'•sisted in excite passionate and unreflecting individuals of that " mammoth North" to bring on those very civil and social explosions which the South so much dread.{THE LATEST NEWS,. Paraguay! But Zegarra, the Peruvian Minister, mittee agreed to add to it measures which he did not evils, beside that of overloading the mails with useless believe neceseary. They were thus placed in this posi- and unnecessary matter. He believed-that if thisArrival of the Canasta at Boston.executes. »Its jframers are. supreme, and .coxa*.the proposition! of the Senate for reform, and now they J n l s B ^ W i Md.) said—With regard towere met at the very threshold by the Senate, who the two amendments sent upfrom the Senate, helooked '-••> •'•^.-^v :'•'•'•'; BOSTON, Feb.' 12,18)50. • bines, the power, of " filthy IncriS" withal^ ItaTHE PERUVIAN CLAIMS.PJ-blic service demand should be passed speedily. to tnejrankmg question, there was .unquestionably a sage, communicating the correspondence relative to They saw that-within the last twelve months the vari- great difference of opinion, but for himself he was inThe President intended to accompany his mes- had refused to paes the bill whieh the exigencies of the upon one oftbem as eminently proper. With regardThe Royal Mail steamship Canada, from Liverpool, fund now reachesthe enormous amount of* $5,000^00^barrassed and crippled by the determination of the fie behaved it was the principal source of a thousand compulsory measures similar to those applied to Senate not to pass a bill unless, indeed, that the Com-hour Monday morning. V . " 'The schooner Grace Girdler,'from Philadelphia for $1,000,000; m Liverpool, $500,000, and the balance^;: Boston, with a cargo of flour, corn, and molasses, G W v ^ Copenhagen,, Manchester, Australia, a l lwent ashore Friday night off Scussett Harbor. She lost other portions of Europe. Now, the professed objectsThe Democrats of the Senate held a caucus of the country by m«an6 of an Appropriation bill. The 5*$ aselcctioneering fodder. He was convinced that Appropriation bill, when sent to-the Senate, does not if the franking privilege was abolished there would be over four hours, yesterday, upon the resolutions require amendment—indeed, can. scarcely admit of it— just as many public papers arid official documents dis-•JudgeM.P.Conway,Representativeelectunder whichJeffersonDavispresentedtotheSenatesev- hecateeit^isdrawnupp^e'c%;^^--wlt&.iivvl^w-'t6'-semroatedthrough^mwtai&f Wflxerai;wereatthethe,Wyaadot Constitution, arrived here from Kan- eral weeks ago relating to the protection of Slavery meetthe current expenses of the Government. Hereto- meet the current expenses of the Government;. rftjreto=sas-yesterday, and will testify before the Invest in Texritorie8. Messrs. Toombs and Clingman of fore, the amendments consisted almost altogether ofpreeentmoment. He hoped the House would, stand by the Committee in this matter, and adopt the amend-... Fires.gating Committee some day this week. the South, opposed any expression as calculated to additions to, or changes in, the existing law, and the bill is sent back with these amendments at the very Mr. Conway says that there is ne favor expressed mak§ a division in the party, which could not be time when they have not had time even to read them, reconciled before the Presidential election. and when members return to their homes tbey are in profound ignorance of what changes have been made Mr. Douglas sustained this view at some length, in the laws. This was not just; and even if the changes were necessary, they ought not to be compelled id theoy iillv'Oviiimxxivwxjj.-'vxiMi--^ —...-> „... .1'.','.'--^',/..• „. ments.in>Kansa8 to the proposed change of boundaries ofthe State. Under the Wyandot Constitution, theState will contain in the neighborhood of a hundredthousand square miles, making it nearly as large as tlemen were disposed to press the issue and take Ohio, Pennsylvania, and New-York together. A the responsibility of the consequences. He wasdesert waste, a hundred miles wide, divides Pike's for the Cincinnati Platform, pure and simple, and Peak from Eastern Kansas, and forms a natural for regarding the Territorial question as belongingto see abolished. | •.because of an anxiety, which at all times prevails, of amendments. , 1 .insurance, amounts to $45,000. "The Church." " The Church" has ordered and:exe- CAN:AN»AIGUA, Friday, Feb. 10, 1860. cuted two hundred and sixteen murders within th*> The Franklin House, in this village, was destroyed sound of a cannon of this city, since the 1st of March* by. fire last night. 185Z. ". The Church" has ordered and executed the BOSTON, Saturday, Feb. 11, I860. . murder of seven hundred and eight emigrants passingThe building at the corner of Causeway and Lan- from the East to California since 1850. <rTbe Churdlr caster streets, occupied bv Samuel Howard & Sons, accumulated by the operation one million two hundredfconndary. He estimates that the expenses of mile- age of Government officials and others in public business from the regions of the Rocky Mountains to the capital of the State at Topeka, should the proposed change be consummated, would alone am»unt to a larger sum than it would cost to supportt© the Judiciary.Mr. Davis contended that the Democracy should take a decided position before the country, and the South was entitled to his demand.pamng the Appropriation bills. As to the franking privilege, he was opposed to its proposed abolition. After all. what was this franking privilege ?—the privilege of spending, perhaps, a hundred dollars for the publishing of members' speeches, and the privilege of workirg day and night to circulate these speeches among their constituents, and thus keeping the people informed of what was transpiring at the seat of government. Instead of a privilege, he looked »pon it as placing a laborious duty upon the shpnldersMr. GAKNETT (Dem., Va.) spoke in| favor of the amendments. •Mr. V ALLANDIGHAM (Dem., Ohio) was decidedly opposed to the amendment for the abolition of the franking privilege. ,.On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, that the Committee now rise, tellers were ordered, and the motion was carried.The House resumed and the CHAIRMAN reported progress. No resolution come to.bakers, and other pu.rties,\va3 destroyed by fire about midnight. Lose, $8,000.CLEVELAND, Saturday, Feb. 11,1860. The blacksmith shop and part of the repair shop of the Cleveland and Mahoning KaMroad Company werethoupand dollars worth of money, goods, and llsre stock. " The Church" ordered, and its bishops and strikers executed, the dreadful massacre at Mountain Meadows, two hundred miles south or this, of one hundred and sixteen emigrants on their way from.but declared his readiness for an open vote, if gen-Mr.. STEVENS. (Rep., Pa,), as a member of the alternative of adopting them without • consideration Committee of Ways and Means, was in favor of theMessrs. Gwin, Lane, Fitch and Bright echoed his of members, and he for one desired very much that his constituents should relieve him of the burden itopinion, and were ready to take the risk which had entailed. They might as well say that it was throughtives undergoing repairs were removed uninjured. and executed the massacre of half a dozen; emlgrta* PHILADELPHIA, Saturday, Feb. 11,1860. trains last July and August, one hundred miles northor the " Heids of Dan," or, as " The Destroying An-Sels," headed and commanded hy tried and chosen jaders, and numbering at present about 640 rank and file. They have lately had some private trouble in 'was a great mistake. There were thousands of men, ably. •'. .. England was signed yesterday. A delay being neces- Their iong-tried and favorite leader, " B W Hick- cultivators and laborers, who never received a letter The PRESIDENT presented a memorial respecting sary for the ratification of the treaty, it will not be man," appearing to be not so zealbus^n^lhfcifaringin their lives, and who never subscribed to a news- tenement houses in New-York, from the Corporation of published before the 3d of February. Relative to the for the Church of theLord, was placed under & sveirerMessrs. H. D. Cooke of TU Ohio State JournxL. paper, and who could -not read either if they did. the city, with a bill prepared by Mr. Bron son.These men leara, nevertheless, through ihe working The bill presented by the President relative to tene-substitution of protective for prohibitive dutefr, the police surveillance, and some very clever; Gn utiletreaty will only be put in force in July, 1861." merchants in this city had all their animals stbk* i <mP AKIS, Tuesday, Jam. 24. , the night of the 18th December last. Hickman, onThe Momtcur of to-day announces that Vice.Admi- learning it, ordered theai brought back, which'i vaaand G. W . Alexander of New-York, were yesterday of the Post-Office, many things of great advantage to ment houses is similar to that presented by Mr. Jaquea. A bill for more effectual collection of wages of laborwas reported favorably.Mr. POWELL, from tbe Select Committee, reportedfavoiably on the Personal Liberty bill, accompanied by a -written report, and it was made the special order for Wednesday, 29th inst.By Mr. JAQUES—To incorporate the Down Town Club, New-York.Mr. CALLICOT reported in favor of the bill to in- corporate the German Liederkranz of the city of New- Y ork.By Mr. FORD—To amend the charter of New-York. It gives the Mayor power to appoint the Street Com- missioner and City Inspector, and gives the Mayor, Controller, and Chief Judge of the Supreme Court, power to appoint the President, Engineer, Assistant, and Commissioners of the Croton Aqueduct Board, and turns out the present incumbents of those offices.facts are believed to be, that Eumundson meeting.Hickman in the Capitol grounds, deliberately cut a Government save that amount? He was convinced management to the same extent that directors of cor-a loan to receive, and $2,500,000 in Treasury notestrust they held if their representatives There a. law over the Governor's veto repealing all the | about $6,500,000 out of the Treasury proper, leav- kept them in ignorance of the action of the Execu-laws under which the present Territorial, Judicial, { ing it a margin of $5,000,000 with present means, tive Government? The practice "of frankingMr. COBB (Dem., Ala.) advocated.the giving out of efit to the public. He condemned this class legislation, the printing of the Post-Office blanks by contract. for special localit'es.guilty of crime committed on either side, minisbed.The Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, de- vUe practice of incorporating independent legislation of action on the bill when it should again come before by we may be enabled, with a great and high mind, toruinous legislation, to incorporate a motion of greatthe transportation to Utah will be reduced from are as claimed by its friends, more favorable than importance to an appropriation bill, in the. last hours Grand Trunk Railway, arrived here on Saturday to500,000 pounds annually to one.THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE AND THE POST-OFFICE APPROPRIATION.The Democratic leaders in the Senate declare openly, if the House rejects the amendment abolish- ing the franking privilege, without passing a bill for the same object, which is already prepared, they will defeat the Post-Office appropriation again, as was done at last session. As the House will resent such dictation, tbis collision of views m»y lead toserious embarrassment.THE MEXICAN TREATY.Mr. McLane's present purpose is to return to Mexico as Minister. If the treaty be ratified, the only object of his mission will be accomplished. If defeated, there will be no inducement to go back. He was summoned here with the hope of exerting a personal influence in promoting its ratification.Ocampo, the present Minister of Foreign AffairH to Juarez, has resigned, and is expected here daily toaidMr.McLane. Heistobesucceededby Degollado, who will also command the army.otherwise. . . • .A letter dated London, from a distinguished source, says the features of the treaty, as published, have pro- duced a gobd feeling among the leading merchants and bankers of England, who regard it as promising au improvement of business in Mexico by the restorationof peace. . , Mr. Wyke the new British Minister, goes there -with full instructions, arid the executive authorities at Vera Cruz are still confident that the Liberal Govern-ment will soon be recognized by England.When the United States steamer Brooklyn left Vera Cruz a report prevailed that Miramon was fitting out an expedition against that city; but there was also, on the contrary, another story, that he was on his way to Jalapa to ascertain what kind of compromise ho conld effect with the Constitutionalists, finding thatthe Church party how oppose him.XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIEST SESSION.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WASHINGTON. Saturday, Feb. 11,1860.Mr. MORRILL (Rep., Vt.) presented the memorial of William A. Howard of Michigan, contesting Mr. Cooper's Beat.of a session, and compel them to stop the wheels of Government, or to acquiesce in measures which they believed to be destructive of the public welfare. Now, the House had recognized the soundness of this principle, bv adopting a rulo which prohibits the intro-argue for the passage of the Pro Rata bill. Several parties interested in New-York State Railroads, and in commercial business of the city, are also here on the other side, ard much excitement exists on the ques- tion. Probably a similar measure will be passed inthat it was the work of design, the crime could • •fthem they could not move, and the public service would be* brought to a dead-lock. Every member upon that floor was imperatively obliged to vote so asIt was agreed that the resolution of the Assembly to print the testimony taken before the Select Com- mittee could not be mterpretedj-as intending to delaystore-house. /This is the third diabolical attempt on the part ofsome villainous incendiary within afortnight, to destroy .the property, and perhaps the livea-of the occupants- .The first fire was kindled in the rear building, whioh •connected with the front house by a covered stairway,and though suspicions were at the time entertained'not to defeat the purposes-of a bill. He held it as a action on the bill, and that policy dictated pressing itgreat injustice, and calculated to lead to hasty andto a third reading at once.duction of any amendment to an appropriation bill Canada. 'not be fixed upon any person, and the matter was little thcught of until the 3Ccond fixe occurred. This was built in the cockloft, an unfrequented place, and where no fire conld have originated unless at the>which proposed to change any existing laws. Thatrule was founded on common sense, and recommendeditself to the House. He submitted, therefore, that theHouse could not, with a proper regard to its own dig-nity and privileges, permit a rule to remain unrepealed Pro Rata bill. among those which regulated the business of theHouse, and by which they originate appropriation bills, and which at the same time recognized the right of the Senate to incorporate general legislation upon such bills, and to demand of them that they should adopt them, regardless of the time and manner of their introduction. . .•Interest!ns; from Brownsville.Mr. BURNETT was not aware of the existence ot such a rule. The eighty-first rule did not forbid any action of this kind. ' i _ .Mr. STANTON—The position waBthis. There were a great many measures of legislation pressing upon tne country, &nch as the Pacific Railroad, the increase oficated, and conveyed hev to the StatioiidHouso. She*. . said she lived at Mr. Peterson's, and, affc»r the fire, was1. .* told to "shift for herself." She was, interrogated in* regard to the lire by Capt. Sebring, bat knew.nothing/* about it.The third fire, last night, waskindkd on,ice insiie.og£ theroof,whichwaswnearsdwithtarorpitchyaudhade it got under headway, would undoubtedly have d> stroyed the building. The matter is under inve>at"j- gation by the Fire Marshal, who will, probably, ^ ^ long, ferret out the guilty person. Mr. Peterson has we understand, resided on the premise* for xnaay years, and i» insured for $L,G0O in tho Korth. '^ivcr- Insurance Company. "*AIUUVA'. OF THE NORTH STAR.—The &^eatuahip. INorth Star. A. G. Jone3, master, frcunFeb. 4, at :i:'M p. m., via Havana, with :ftland tredbure to D. i$. Allea, arrived her* last night, The Purser report* that tho North Sty rN e w a r k Jan. £0, at2>J5 p. m.;. arrived at78 P 7nwa£ atJun. 28, atrJa-m^havingmadetbAvassageiuTday^' ID bourp Sailed from Aspinwall F ^ j . 4 at2«35 p r* - arrived off Moro Castle, Havana, February 3, al la. m. Sailed from Havana at I p. *. ^ ^ d a...character, that it was most desirable to take up at eiemy. .UTAH.once; but was it proper, or was it fair, that tney should be requued to vote for a measure of indepen- dent legislation tacked on by the Senate, under penaltyCaptain Stoneman's dragoons had been reinforced, and now number 200 men.).one of great interest. It was one which every mem-ber of the House ought to have an opportunity alloraeaof expressing an oninion in debate. And here tn©} exnressmg an opinion . .—— . ----- ... ..-had it first sulbmitted to them m conjunction witn tnegllaxcltt's Trial.It contains details of cocial life in Utah of the most sickening character, and, what ia more, they ai-e true.The letter is dated Great Salt Lake City, Jan. 5, I860. The letter waa a private one, and not. intended for publication. The writer ia at fault in only one in- stance, in estim^ing the population of Utah at onlyBILLS INTRODUCED.Among the bills introduced were the following:the Palatine Guard of a.few hundred men. The Ger- ried to the same man, and breed children oy himv -I- man recruits only amount to 4,000 and they are at Mece- have omitted to detail the extent and character of-thisu rata. incest and brutality, first, for want of time, aud lastly,' •The Pope has altogether about 8,000 troops, of because you would throw down my letter and say, whom 2.000 are riflemen and carbineers. Of the 8,000 ," Oh ! my friend is imposing on my credulity." I say,' 4,000 are Swiss, and are at Perugia, and of the re- my dear Sir, that you would not believe the truth'were maining 4,000, 2,000 are at Ancona, 1,000 at TJrbino, I to tell it to you, and therefore Isay unto thee, confer' and 1,000 at Pesaro. hither and see, and then examine thine own eyes andROME, (via Marseilles), Jan. 21, 1860. understanding. Our wives and children in the East do • The city is quiet. Should the French garrison evac not believe us when we tell them the truth, and whyuate the place, the Papal Government intends concen Should a friend ? The Government don't want to be-Prominent citizens of Canada, in the interest of thetWrtrtKVMMt i&*f*i*~N*w 0B£K£wi^Sata*d^28th ult., via Queenstown and Halifax, arrived at this ~ ^ f > Waich is iin the control of the Viceg*ra«fc Brigham.'' The money is.moetlr oh deposit, abop; f- CHARLESTON, Friday, Feb. 10,1860.A special New-Orleans dispatch to The Courier, their Church Creeds, and practices, their secret a»dterrible executions, their rmdnight awsaasins and the says that fifty wealthy free agriculturists from ,thaju- ipatocedents, and character of their leaden, *trilroMLimax:ofLouisianaaxeprepjaiihgtodepartlorBiaytL "a»al6ssistahts;knowthistobetrue. Youintne'Statla, •-•• fivinfcY aider reasonable laws of restraints,^acted and acquiesced in, by the popular jjrflithink the partial revelations we nave' S" CANTOK, N. Y., Saturday, Feb. 11,1860. are .toom<msta;dus to believe. Several of theA fire broie out in Clark & Smith's drug-store, on members of the once famous band of robbers; under tion of the Senate in this matter, and ihe hoped the Main street, l.ast night, and laid inruins halt the busi- the leader John Muirel, known in history as the LaadHouse Would not hesitate in adopting th« amendments ness portion of the village. Ten or twelve buildings Pirates of the West, are now in Utah, and are the fea*"^ proposed. The franking privilege he had' long desired were destroyed. The loss, on which there is some i ful and midnight executioners Of the will and behest ofMr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.) waff in favor of the ac-7burned last night. Loss, about $2y000. The locomo- Arkansas to California. ' T h e Church" has order**Mr. SHERMAN moved that the House again resolveitself into Committee of the Whole on the State of theUnion, for the purpose of resuming the debate upon maxon-street wharf, was burnt at 3 o'clock this morn- whom were Mr. Mutimere, Mrs. Miltimere, and threeTlie planing-mill of Khodes, Rae Si, Co., on Shaclca- of this, in whieh many lost their lives, anw&srARRIVALOF THEThe Pays says:" The treaty of commerce between France and 'tneir ranxs. '"»*•mander of the squadron of evolution, replacing Admi-uHickman suffered the penalty ofassassinated in the street, "and badly shot in the-ai >• don/en and thigh.ral DesfossSs.•In regard to the social condition of Utah—their d» - to the opinion of his most violent advieers, has re- me:tic relations—the correspondent says: *Notwithstanding the denial in city papers, probablyfrom parties acquainted with the fact, it is unquestiona-bly true, that, parties interested in the Central Pennsyl-vania Railroad are here favoring the passage of the year of our Pontificate.. • • • PIUS -PP UL" material had been btacked upon the floor, while on-,AUSTRIA.The Vienna correspondent of The London Timesasserts that the Emperor Francis Joseph i3 so muchexcited, that it would not create very great astonish- The steamship Arizona has arrived here with ment should he resolve to take up arms in defense ofthe Tuscan and Modenese branches of his houso/j and very strong declarations on the park of France and England may be necessary to prevonthostilitios*HUNGARY.•A letter from Hungary states that the High- Catholicclergy lose no opportunity of showing how heartily they sympathize with the national' movement*• NKW-ORLEANS, Saturday, Feb. 11, 18(50.Tbe people of Matamoraa sympathize with Cortina. to a distinguished gentleman of the Territory. It -adds Warwasconsideredinevitable. thatthewriterisan"intelligentgentlemanof.highof public creditors awaiting the action ot the House, AI.I.ENTOWN, Pa., Saturday, Feb. 11, i860. demanding their just dues, while they were stopped Andrew Camel, a mulatto, attempted to cut hia wife's bv the action of the Senate, and compelled to discuss throat, in a bouse nf ill-fame to-day, and the» he com- tlie propriety of abolishing the franking privilege, a mitted suicide. His wife, who is "a white woman, was subieet which required deep consideration, tor it was not very dangerously hurt.BALTIMORE, Feb. 12, I860. 20.000, unless, as he probably does, he.excludes th The trial*of Ha/eltt has been concluded. Friday Carson Valley aegion, which is now oud/>avoring to cutevening bis counsel, Mr. Gieen, made an able defense,th<n the case was submitted to the Jury, when theho was Court adjourned. On Saturday the Jury rendered a. as a Territory, under the title of Nevp.da.opposed-to thr»"imendments proposed by the Senate. verdict,of murder in the first degree. The prisoner re- We subjoin the following extract?,:Mr. SHERMAN said tbe Senate amendment provid- ceived the announcement with the same indifference All offices fromj Brigham Young,, who claims to be ing for the printing of the Post-Office blanks byvcon- that has characterized hia conduct throughout the trial. the vicegerent of God on earth, tf.own to the angels ofAppropriation bill, which tbey were all anxious to-seo is to. seeitself loose from Utah, and has already be*n organized• Aspinvcall pasHenger*.passed, at once. Under these circumstances -pursued,asfurnishinganopportunityforcarryingthesubject,Mr.Grow(Kep.,Pa.)owupjygtheChair legislationshouldbeinsertedtherein.SuohapracticeappointedtheHon.W.H.Diinm'.ck,W.ScottJohnson,hankingdepartmentsof"TheChurch,"therpiatimrmedufltheBatteryFeb.12,a*,ilp.m,Tho ^outthe-President'spolisy. Events will soon test the accuracy of this statement.Mr. MILLSON (Dem., Va.1- opposed the Senate had been growing up for a few years paBt, and tu* esq., awl Lieut. George L. ri'ried, Delegates to the department of " The Cnurch," &c In these tetter!Committee want to put a eAop to it. He would thore- I Grend National Encampment of the order, to be held knghahmon, who have -either escaped from or served fctar Hpaaacuyers we.ut throu^"amendment abolishixg the franking privilege upon foie recommeuud that the House non-concur in tue • at Washington City on the 15th inst. a former occasion^ when a smxilar amendment wa» amtmdmcut.tbi-ir time in prisons, 'ui Europe for variouBBoileuses, iu piou,•-o'uoutud U^umjjhip Chamnonssaaaswww.fultonhistory.comUntitled DocumentThe Church," bea *g. \\ •;every side were indications of somo highly in^amabl©article, like camphr-ne or, turpentine. The cccupantSk.escaped in safety, but their property was considerably SB damaged. Mr. Peterson's loss amounted t» $2£Q or I •$.7J0, and an old lady who occupied the second floor lost. .,$100. On the night of the second fare Officer- -JHanifen of the Kinth Precinct picked ur-rin Bloecker* ,street an old colored woman, who was stupidly intox- .." Given at Rome, the 11th day of January, 18G0,- in tlie- 14th hands of an incendiary. A quantity of combustible-FROMWe find in The Omaha Ncbraskian. a letter writ.tensailed from,m Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 