 NEW YORK HERALD.•*•••••—.AMES eOlDOI BBIH". OrPOR A N D PROPRIETOK.o n u i K. w. ooRVsa or NAS*AP AXD FTI-TOBSTS TrVMK rajJtm r,.*«j»<v jrw»«W*TM< »»«"fl »#' »»at thtparty would have t h e beet chance. The pathlUpuMlcaac—Tke Mnss ChiM that is tn be Barn.andunlesstheconservativemassesv-ftheNorthrJUt %VS,«.'-«7 A-*-*****U*»~rw WM»,U,», • *»*!^/_ZJ_. .i,yi,K lllUI^M(* _M<A <4 «£;ic,viittBAGEocs NnsAKcsv-New York,whieb amrh. intothefield,andhavefixedthetimeforbring- ELSEWHERE.—Oursillyandvenerablecotem- tion,isjustBOWsufferingfromanade^ficasJ4Jt,o~t» /***- emtht «* «•' TAlFrAJtllI ^KMJUD on Wtdfdag. atfour oratejwring forward their candidate on the 23d of April,until the month of June. This arrangement pool «fNew York politics. SoforastbeCon- We refer to the outrageous practice of tah•trMt_Mr««l/«•»«•»V«"T''T*»/***"Mead.'</umd,ulttbe tttmrati9pa*d/9*. AV<iM>« FoMlttB C o M M O I M l U n A MriatKHuur knivifflD to SEALAIX1—TTEXSASPf A** Alii IIITUI.nities for anti-slavery agitation at the North.Our readers know that we are far from partialto tbe democratic organization, and that w ehave denounced i t s leaders again aad agtin.Butwemust,injusticetoit,say(batthincharge is not well founded, and that the sadcle•sDotputupontherighthorse. Itistheaoti- quarrellingovertheircandidates. Ifthisad- ingthem. Letusseebowthequarrelstands. snow,creatingamoistsicklyanddestrucUva slavery paity which is the aggressor, and if that vantage Is well improved it will contributeparty did not exist there would be no pro-largely to the final result There can be noValni XXV.A_C8E*BSTS THIS BVBXIJrO..Wo. SIlove's labor lost New York polities are really not worth half tbe time and trouble that is spent by small newspaper scribblers in study-with the utmost danger to the poM , health; all the foul substances which U. in tbe streets are mixed np with tbe n_Hai-BIBLCS QARDBK •tmSway.-Oooas's BOTA* Aarai- num. _____BOWtRT m i n t B»w_7.--to«»W>Bl QtJSStlOST- l i i w n frueirn aaossAEsa.WIBTKB QA«D«ir. Broadway. o f*£*i0 J^f J!££_r A Cos\>0«*<. l_sso*-J*>« Lwn-As Oajsnt 0» Iawnst.W AIL-CBS THBATBn, BwMway.-Bo-U*» Of A FOOK Too»« HAS.LACAA KMSB'3 THBATBB, SS4 Bwedway.-jEAjriE Da.aa. ____—The democracy of this State is supposed to berepresented b y two factions—one under thecontrol of the Albany Regency and TammanyHall, and the other paving allegiance to MozartHall. Boththesecliqueshavechosenfulldele-gations to tbe Charleston Convention, and bothsets of patriots will be on hand to take part inthequadrennial conflict fortbespoils.The fact Intensified by cold, which coverstbenew Bonn tusATRS,Bow_/.-w«_fo-«-H__- the succession to thePresidency, and callslitionized republicans. Forthelast twenty-five jears the anti-slavery party have agitated the country, and kept it in hot water, continually making aggressions and gaining in strength, till now they are rampant withsuccess, and threaten tomarchupontheSouthwitheighteenmillionsThese efforts will acquire muchsupport from AlbanyRegencydelegationwasselectedatthe surfacehalf a foot deep. ItistheopinionofviA-hiMWM C^aw-ia-VOta.BtOADW A T BOC&Oia, 444 TIL-OBE Jasona—!•<•» Two*.Broad way.-QOODr o *itself a "Constitutional Union Party." This address is issued from the federal capital bythe dissensions among the black republicans State Convention last fall. Horatio Seymour leading physicians that the prevalence of die- that evidently exist, and which will Increase InTHIATRK FBABCAlS. 5S5 Broadway-La Msoicur DSS the Central Committee, headed by the name of X»pisra _______ John J.Crittenden, of Kentucky, and bears theBA BBC-re AMBBTOAB WUBITJW. Broadway.-Aner- date of Washington's birthday, in order, we sup- *ooo-Evca.ii HIIAOM Erw-Bf—Octo-ooa. pose,toaddtoitseffect.Itannouncestheinten-is its head and Daniel S. Dickinson its tail. The tberia in the city at the present time, a disease heat and bitterness until their nomination is Mozart Hall delegation has been elected in the with which almost every one is more or leaBtk_i_ i* 8o»«, D_Ji«rt», Bo*_fMC-t, *C-Tu_ Mount. CHAPIVS CHURCH,—OlAC* OBtEIfWOOD* LlCTCBB 0!»TB« HEK81C IE llOMBOEl LlfE.BINTH STRMT, («• door etst Of BroadwEy.-BotOKOH'sHt w York, Tneidaf, February »1,1S00.MAIIJEfFOREUBOFS.and to organise a campaign in opposition aliketo the republican and democratic parties. Y e t But, say the leaders of the third party, the its platform, as far as it is announced, is pre- democracy is corrupt, and therefore we opposeciselythesame asthatof thedemocracy. Its it. These gentlemen cannot have a worse "cardinal principle" is declared to be:— opinion of the leaders of that party, particu-school ©fMr.Bates, instead of that "little theStateisquitemistaken. It isknownhere proprietors. Togratify themandministerto coterie of common scolds," the disunion aboli- and at Washington, and will be fully appre- their avarice the whole population is obliged tionists, who "insist on damaging Seward and ciated at Charleston. The political issue which to submit to this outrage. If we hada proper Chasebyspeakingwell ofthem." According isjustnowpresentedtothenationistoobroad, governmentandagoodpolicethisthingwould to the philosophers of the Tribune, Mr. Bates too important, too comprehensive, to permit never be permitted to exist for anhour. ButLJEEUI. . niiEliE I*w, Soa * Co , 47 Lodgate Hill. Lanaiag. Starr k Ox ,74 King William street.groundPuns Lanaiag, Baldwin at Co , 8 place de ta Bourn. Lrraaroot..Laaamg, « a i r * Co., N o 9 Chapel streetSeward, or anyother person who mayfromthestreetsatall. Whydoes not the handbook of treason and incendiary revolution. be nominated a t Chicago. W e find a Corporation have t h e snow carted off atR Stuart, 10 Excbaoge street, Eastfliraa Lansiag.BaldwinsCo.,31roeCorneilla. HAEOKTM..De Chapeaarooge 4 Co.infinitely worse than the other.O f the twoTheoonleataoftheEr-onuxf_rno_orm HxaAU) will ooabtae the neas teceiTed by mall and telegraph atusethedirtymaterialsofwhichthedemocratic ofparturitionoftheblackrepublicans—that relativestrengthofpartieswasaboutthe venturetosay,evenineverylargecityinthisparty is composed, and when we whip the re-the democrats will find much advantage by same, and some eighty to one hundred thou- country except New York, where the people publicans with it,andputdownrevolution, theirearlyappearanceinthe field. Byperfect- sandvoters didnotgotothepolls. These havenogovernment,andarelefttothemercj thenletusturnour attention tothepurifica- ingtheirorganizationatanearlyday,theycan abstainingelectorsformthereservedorfloating ef everyonewhohasaninteresttosubserve,the office during: the psertoas week pLblloaUoa.and up to the hoar efThe Sc-vru.participate in the ceremony of inaugurating Mills'equestrian statue of Washington. According tomittee o f the new party:—As an indication of the character of this straggle, of itshaving the matter i n charge had extended t othe Seventh regiment of this city an invitationtobepresentattheinaugurationofMills' pap-fedjournalinWashingtonisdoing,bytry-cur despatches, the regiment's acceptance of theinvitationtenderedbytheCongressionalCommit- objectsaadpossibleconsequences,weneedonlypointtod a y t nB e a t o n . Bosrow,Feb.20,1S60allpersonsagainstwhom indictments werefoundtogetherwiththedateoftheindictment,theof- shouldleadthenewpartytoallyItselfwiththe fence charged, and the reason for not having democracy, whose object is to overthrow thesesuchasthe Constitution isendeavoringto fo- want,isagood,sound,patriotic,capablecandi- ment,canneverdoit. date,andtheywillgive himthevoteoftheAt the meeting of the Board of Aldermen yester- substance of the platform of the third party, day a communkation was received from the Mayor whose organization, therefore, can have nonominating P. O. Maloney for President of theCroton Aqueduct Board, and Lewie A. Sayre for other effect than to draw away votes from theits "Child of the Regiment," a young lady— and mining interests of the Central States are THE BROOKLYN FERRY CONTRACTS—OPPRES- a daughter of a deceased officer whom to be sacrificed to a set of theories absurd in SION OF THE FERRY MONOPOLIES.—There is ait has reared and educated; its splendid new deduction and impossible in practice. TheirCongress did not meet oa the 20th of January, as expected; so the canvass of votes for President aad Vice President could not be instituted.ther depressed. When masters are breaking ertn though paid for by a irrineely t ^ every day, strikes for higher wages on tbe partof operatives are absurd In tbe extreme. PlCaXBD STBBWS—A DAKOBBOW ABB On.pretty free asks at quotsttoas given tn soother place. Corn waa rather better, with sales of while aui yellow Jer- sey and Southern a l l Be. a 80c. Pork WWA arm, and s*me lees active, with sales of new mess at $18 50. new prim*atSi48?K»»»«X B<*f>°"»cc"otor ft*®*1 **• vices, was ttimer. Coffee was firm, with sales of mats JavaatlSMe-.andof bagsdo.at16Xc,aad70bigs Santcs sold at ISc. Sogars were arm, with sales of 2W a 300 thds., M boxes and 4.CC0 bags Peraambaco, at rat>i given tn anotaer place. Freighu were steaJy, with a f*ir amo_.t of eogagemenU.The Presidential Campaign—% Third Party In the Field.On another page we publish a very curious document: itisthemanifestoofthenucleusof anewthirdpartywhichhastakenthefieldforwill give them a decided advantage; for be- stitution grandam—and indeed almost everywhose sectional position and whose ultimateNEW Y011K HERALD, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 2i, 186^The salts of cotton yesterday embraced 8,000 bates, incfcdteg 8,000 in transit, Themarket closee withoutchange,SMtsathebasis'ofquotationsgtwta soother intrusionoftheslaveryqueationintoparty column, near w s armer, with a fair amount of sal«s.and for roost grad*. the market closed • eeata per barrelhigher. SouthernflourwassJsoOrssandingooddemandfrom the trade. Wheat was armer aad more active, withIn one important particular t h e democrats have secured an advantage ever all their op-the significant fact that a convention has been called by statue of Washington, at the national capital, ing to puff up one set of New York delegates tee has created the liveliest satisfaction among all one of these parties to select s candidate for the office ofa convention could repair the breach is gone Governor Banks has ordered a salute of one hundred by,andthereforeattthedelegates,Mozartand andtwentyeightgunstobefiredonthe38dofFebruary in this city, In honor of Washington's birth. The baakl,classesofpeopleatthenationalcapital.At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yesterday, a resolution was offered requesting the DistrictAttorneytoreporttotheBoardthenamesof true,andIsratherunder thanoverthemark.priorto1869,andwhichnowremainundisposedof, Thenthe"necessarylogicofitsconstruction"into theHouse of Representatives, where thatTbe organizers of the new party aay the de- early in the summer.slavery party. The democratic party, includingthe disunionists of the South, are on the defen-sive, and the republicans are the assailants.Extinguish the anti slavery agitation, and therewill no longer be a pro-slavery party. ThecountryisforcedintoanIssueonthealavety every effort must be devoted to them. question,notbytbedemocrats,butbytheabo-atmosphere, which generates all kinds of throat and lung diseases. It is impossible to avoid in- haling this deadly atmosphere whether we ride or walk, while to pedestrians tbe condition of Broadway i s absolutely fatal, for nothing in the shape of shoe leather can resist the penetration of the salt slush, the pickle, uBRTANTS MNSTBIBUs Mecaaatea' Had,4T1Broad tionoftheExecutiveCommittee,atsomefuture ofmenandsubdueitiuabloodystraggle,if troublesofparturitionwhichwillattendthe whoarelookingafterthespoilsandnothing ofpeoplewhoinhabitthismetropolisthussub- w», -kimmiu, km, DAJKJBS,*c—Scum AT PHA- theycannotwrestitsrightsfromitbytheto* * • day, to call a national convention inPhila- ballotbox. Thisisthepartywhichttieexigen- blackrepullicans. Thatabolitionsheetinsists else. Anypersonwho supposes thatthisfact jectedtodiscomfort anddisease? TofartherKIBLO'R SALOON. Bretdway —GEO. C«I««TT'8 KI»- delphia, to nominate a candidate jfor President, cies of the times require to be put down first upon having a practical abolitionist of the is not thoroughly understood by the people of the interest of one class alone—tbe omnibusChiefMagistrateoftheUnion,fromwhich,bytheneces- to-morrow,February22.Ataveryfullmeeting bycryingdownanother. Ifthedemocraticsary logic of its construction, utteen States of that Union of the regiment, held at the Arsenal yesterday, are excluded.party in this State is united at the next elec- This description of the republican party is It was decided, by an overwhelming majority, tion, it may have a good chance to carry thethe bones, joints, Ac., 79 of Che brain and nerves, 7 State, the republicans and democrats are very of the European nations maintain, at a n im -event, both Wise and Hunter may b e con- outrageous proceedings which characterizedNew York par.Cotton market depressed: sales to-day 1,000 bales.CwcnraAH, Feb. » , IS** Messrorkfirmat$17SOa$18. BacJfve>e»*J«i«.•»Xc. Flourdullat$650a886*.WsawayduUa* -.0 \c. Wheat firm. Cora steady.CourtoTOwer•«•Teratelaw. Before Eon Jodge togmbasa.Fm.20-IVP«*fc* «*»A-*jte,/r.-Inthai case Mr. Blankman said he had received not.ee from ib- Distrtet Attorney of his intention to call on Urn case. Theof the generative organs, t l ef the heart and bloodweasels, 174 of the lungs, throat, Ac., 9 of old age,nearly balanced, as appeared by the result ofmense expense, standing armies of four, Ave or six hundred thousand men—armies whose foot-CHARIXSTOS, Feb. 18, ISMthe last election.BAomach, bowela and Other digestive organs, 51 ge- democratic strength, and the State will un- the very countries which (rapport themv B u t ENGLAND.—We hare already printed some ac-some 15,000 majority. By rallying all the ele- no improvement need he expected. Bxchaawail a*Bts of conservatism in the coming conflict,ni R»_ mu counsel now dseared to ttie a pasa to taat « • fecfwblct wasAccordingly done. B e u r n asked that tt?bS!S Attorney either traverse tt* plea or demurpression,sadshouldimportsth»month beheaTtLondon le«, »days. ^ " 0 B Our correspondent t a Monterey, Mexico, datiasTC>c the 15th ult, reports the exJateoe twtty jeaJoosses and drvieions in He liberal I; was reared that the church party weald• a attack on tht otty, and, VewcoesstU.thstta very revere revenge WOBM be taken for the former op- SK»ttion of the ar_brtairta to the clergy. ConsJd- •rable alarm exMed in eoneeqneaee.We hare news from Veneaneu dated s i Caracas ©» the Stth aad Laguer a on the Slat ult T h t c*n»TMi gtrrernasent had granted a ' ninhtsiH to |the State might be won as it was in 1856. But *Mda them, and inevitable defeat is the resultNo other country in the world can produceanchavolunteerarmy,ofwhichthenewEog- byEasternmanufacturers. SeitwouldappearUStatenIslandferrytosatisfytheavariceof, 0 TL niatnet Attorney said that he shoaM have time to. readteepleabeforehecouldsaywhatcoarsehewo_4iBut let. a second conservativePmi.Aiiii.PHu, Feb. 20, lssO. Flour steady. Wheat settve and a m ,59 of ittHsans of the skin and eruptive fevers, 6ataiborn and premature births, 71 of diseases ofthe party take away even a small portion [of steps crash oat life, liberty and wealth fromEFFECTS OF THE POLITICAL REVULSION IN N i wBreadstuff* firm.at81 50forwhite,and$136a$186forred. Csnlira aales 8,000 buaheh yellow at 76c. Provtstoas active mess pork,SISSOaS1875, newprime,$15. Baconfirm:hem, 11HealSe.;aides,10)»'c.;shoulders,?tfc.Lard,HV- Whiakey,24*0.a25c _.,.-nam•fceralfevers,and4dtwaiBiofthturinary organs, doubtedlygo black republican. Butlet the hereintheUnited States wehave astanding •stating 21 from violent causes. The nativity conservative elements unite, and the State is army larger than that o f any European State, ^^t*»ea*5lBativeeof the United States, 87 of won for the constitution. Now, upon the State each member of which is an intelligent being,countoftheBtrikesoftheNewEnglandshoe- makers, who have the old complaint against their employers—too much work for too little pay.Theemployesproposeanewscaleof««^» ofGermany,16ofEngland,andtheba ofNewTotktheresultoftheelectionandthe andpayshisindividualexpenses;anarmyfate of the Union may depend. Its thirty-five which is composed of men of good character, wages, without reflecting that unless the tide«u1ol_^ta,5_aio,*"lMoo'tbeSdnlt.reports votes,withtheonehundredandtwentyofthe voluntarilyenrolledandvoluntarilyremain- offanaticismwhichisnowrollingoverNew MM loiiewi :—The number of t i_ Southern States, would be more than sufficient ing—semper paratus* which is no tax upon or England b e not speedily arrested, there willtolerablyreduced.Thla,VmSS^T?twvely high rates dentanoedTftelie ve that the shipment, taiaiwetivelysmalltow. e^g^V?1 * TM* OrtakePennsylvania,lawhichthtdemocratic onemilliontoonemillionandahalfofsoldiersZ^JZZSL***0scanty wages. Even now, at the beginning o f therevulsionofpnblicsentimentattheSouth, a considerable portion of the trade heretofore given to the New England States has been withheld, and w e hear of several heavy failuresTionbles of Patrtnrltien Asnessg the Black JEnglandhave offended thrff beftt customers,a frightful calamity occur on eae of ^ ries-aait assuredly wiU-h* may TiiL •©me day to find bis nasas execrated k a ?Dr.Hogan, one of- General Walker's officers, toraise a mounted rifle company composed of foreign.era The Doctor, now a captain, did so, and has re- of duty o f the new party is, therefore, clearlyceived full permission to do all manner of injury to pointed out, and that i s t o adopt the nominee litical nridwives and nurses are busy with their community, and tbe blood of hundreds s^kwT therevolutionists.Thesamegloomystateofaffiirs oftheCharlestonConvention,aswellasitspreparations,andcookingnptheircandidates freeStates,thingswillgoonfrombadto*worse, centpeoplerestinguponUsbend-*ks__ continued all over the country. The constitutional platform. for the conventions to come off this spring and and tbe prices of white labor will be still far- burden to bear, and one hardly to be eeAnt?put ad end to the black republican folly and Amanchildisto beborn,and nilthepo- fanaticismwhichisnowdominantinu^anyofthtmocracy is a pro-slavery, party, and ought tobe overthrown, because It is helping to pro-motedimnion"byitsfrequentandunnecessary ponents. Theyhavedeterminedtocomeearly NEW YORK POLITICS AT WASHINGTONAND calledtbecityofnuisance*andoaVaa!eerran-politics," and thus Increasing the growing spiritofdisunionattheSouthandaffordingopportu- whiletheothershaveunwiselyputofftheirs beveryfondjustnowofdabblinginthedirty CorporationinefficiencyendmlsB^reranientsides enabling them to get well organized before the other parties are ready to enter the field, they will bare an opportunity to make an impression while their antagonists a r e stilling the streets for tbe purpose of gettu- one else—is concerned, such interference is rid of the snow. This practice is ftsZ!doubt that the nominee of the Charleston Con- vention will carry the Southern States i n a body,andthat tbekeyof thefightliesintheCentral States.are to be moved, and for this purposeHere the conservative massesToremovethesubjectofslaveryfromthearenaof larlyattheNorth,thanwehave. Theyare possessesmanyofthequalitiesofHelper.He anytimetobewastedinarrangingthefeuds thetruthis,wehavenogovernmentatall.party politics, and leave it to the independent control ofthe Stales in which it exists, and to the unbiassed actionofthejudiciary;toremoveallobstaclesfromthedueana presentisilltimed,andisnoreasonwhywe haviDgbeenhithertoidentifiedwiththeblack faithful execution of the provisions for the rendition offugitive slaves; to guard and enforce the supremacy orthe laws by an Impartial and strict administrationof the powers granted by the constitution; tofor the most part rotten. B u t the charge atwas born in a slave State, has not the odium ofof political leaders who claim to represent pre- Tbe Common Council went through the form of ciselythesamegeneralprinciples. Weighed passinganordinanceagainstspreadingsaltinshould reject their services at such a crisis a s this. If there was any chance o f a party lessrepublican party, goes in, like Helper andin the balance with the vast interests which aretobeconsideredatCharleston, thesquabbles* forced? Whydotbepolicestandbyandseeitthe streets some time ago. Why is it not en- TheCanardmatigt«Bm«liipCanada,CaptainI_UJg,will respect the rights andreverence the Union oftbj corruptbeingorganizedandcapableofdefeat- perpetuationoftheUnionbyforce;"andthough, oftheNewYorkdemocracyareofnopossible violatedeveryday? SimplybecausebothCor-States as the vital source of present peace and prosperity, icg the republicans, then indeed it would be leeve BoMon oa Wednesday for Liverpool. sud the surest guarantee of future power and happiness.TW Kuropeea n—-*wiUcloae Inthis cHythisaf- Whethertherearetobeanyotherprinciples •lesirabletobreakupthedemocracy. Butsuchiornoon,athalfpaatooeo'clock:,togobyrailroad,andat enunciatedthanthoseenumerated,thecommit- isnotthecase,andifourhousewereonfirewethree o'clock, to go by steamboat. might as well refuse to co-operate with a dis- T_e Ki aorm-Ji KomoK ot IHI H—UU> will be published tee leave to the Convention to determine,TI»E How York Herald—Edition for Emropo.Hickman,for"theabolitionofslaveryandtheathalfpastnineo'clocklaUumorning, anglecopiesla butaddthattheyknowof"noplatformmore reputablefirecompanytoextinguishtheflames, WinterDavisandJohnJ.Crittenden."On Washington,wehavenodoubtItmaybethat Mayorshouldinsistuponthepolice,under —rapper.,atxoaata. acceptable to every true patriot than 'the becausemanyofitsmemberswereblackguards, these grounds theTribune believes thatthe thevoteoftheEmpireStatewillsettlethenext whoseeyes the ordinance is openlyviolates,9uDecriptions aad adrertieementB tor any edition of the Union, the constitution and the enforcement of as to oppose the democracy now when they are man child to be born should be practical aboli- Presidential election, and w e believe that if arresting every offender and bringing him to.NEW VoE_Haa_j>w_berec«rred_U^folJow_gpko_la Carope:—the laws.'"This i s preciselyendeavoring t o put out the incendiary fires o f Northern fanaticism which threaten to lay theandrepublicansorebothbad,butonepartyistionist Bates, and nobody else than practicalabolitionist Bates. The whole scheme has the this State can be carried for him, and against ing any such means to remove the snowt h e conservative occupied already by the democratic party, and the new party, consisting of the remains of the old whigs and the debris of the American orga- nization, calls upon "the people of the United States"toabandondemocracyandsupport itself,becauseithasadopted theveryprinci- ples proclaimed b y t h e democratic party. Now,itwilloccurtoeveryrationalmind that ButlittleofimportanceoccurredinCongress thisneworganizationismorelikelytodamagetemple of the Union in ashes. The democrats earmarks of the true getters up of Helper'sIt is in such revelations as these—and we stroDg proof of the reliability of this pro- soon as it ceases to foil? This is the method evils we ought to choose the least. Let us now shall have many o f them during tbe troubles phecy i n t h e last State election. Then the pursued i n London and Paris, and, we willtionofthedemocracy. Samsonslewthou- bringthemallthoroughlyhometothecon- vote,whichbelongstonoparty,butwhich,In nomatterwhattheconsequencesmaybeto jesterday. The Senate concurred with the House than to aid the cause which it is its avowed sands of the Philistines with the jaw bone of servative masses in the Central States, where case of any extraordinary emergency, is thrown public comfort or public health.in appropriating $10,000 for the expense of in- object to serve. The object is the same as that an ass, and the democracy is a good enough the fight lies. There will be no need of wast- in solid column on the order and Union loving augurating the Washington statue. Mr. Clark, of of the democracy, and it is plain that the best instrument for the defeat o f a n enemy whoseNewHampshire,deliveredaspeechontherelationswayofaccomplishingitisbyunitingboth triumphinvolvesthedismembermentofouringammunitionintheSouthernStates.We side.ItwillbethrownforthenomineeofPRESIDENT MAKING FACTORY.—Greeley A Co. haverecentlysetupinthiscityanewfactory for making Presidents. They have already manufactured for the Charleston ConventionSenatorDouglas,ofIllinois,andfortheChicago Convention t h e venerable Madame Bates, o f Missouri. We will see when the conventions meet how the work of the new factory takes.The Celebration or Wasbl-gton's Birth*between the North and the South. The announce- forces together against t h e common f o e ,confederacy, and all the fatal consequences re- perceive that this fact is becoming patent to the Charleston, provided he is one who can com- sulting from a dissolution of the Union. democratic politicians. The Virginia Conven- mand the confidence and support of fair men. tionhaveshowntheirappreciationofitby Theresultwillnotbechangedwhatevermay VISIT OF THE SEVENTH REGIMENT, NEW YORK throwing overboard both the Wise and Hunter be done about the conflicting delegations; andment of the death ef William 0. Goode, a formerrepresentative from Virginia, was made in bothbouses. Appropriate eulogies were delivered, aad perhaps, result in the defeat of both, and the customary resolutions were adopted.The Seventh regiment, National Guard, taketheir departure this afternoon for Washington, to designs are thus described by the Central Com-instead of dividing their strength and turning theirweaponsagainsteachother,whichwould,the triumph of the anti-slavery revolutionists,STATE MILITIA, TO WASHINGTON—THE STANDING AJIMT OF THE UNITED STATES.—We have before announced that the Congressional Committeefactions, and announcing its preference for the candidate who can win. It would be well if other politicians were to learn something fromthe fears of those o f Virginia, and not be foolishly stirring up divisions in the Central States, as athe very best thing that the Charleston Conven- tion could d o would b e t o send back both delegations, and let them fight it out among themselves. The quarrel has been patched a t Baltimore, and repatched at Cincinnati, only to breakoutagainatCharleston. ThetimewhenTammany, should b e excluded from tbe Con-vention. All that the democracy of New York that this invitation should be accepted; and StatefortheCharlestonnominee;butdivision, asks—allthatthe conservative, nopartymeninsurance offices and Custom House will be closed, aad business for the most part suspended.The Shoemakers' Strike In Boston. BOSTOS, Feb 20,13*0to-day,the gallant Seventh leaves ourcityto assistattomorrow'smagnificentcelebration.f__enuion ensned upon the resolution, which Super- tempt to seize upon the reins of government country. Its perfection of drill and equipment, of peace and prosperity, or revolution and gether from a National Convention, they would e/iaorPurdycharacterisedas"averyextraordinary uponasectional,disunionissue,andbymeansofwhichhaselicitedtheadmirationofforeign tuin.Theblackrepublicanshaveinscribed managetosettlealltheirtroublesintheshort- aad unusual procedure," andfinallythe subject "an organization which excludesfifteenStates of military men as well as those of our own on their banners principles which will involve est possible order. Let it be tried once, and atwas laid on the table. A sketch of the discuarion the Union." The democratic platform Is na- land; its gallant conduct a t the Astor place this whole community in ruin, Jt is sought to Charleston. It is the only soothing medicineFor a variety of causes the Seventh has comebroughtthepartiestotrial.Quiteaninteresting blackrepublicansintheirblackandfoulat- tobeconsideredthe"crack"regimentofour pettyandpersonalsquabbles. Itistheissue leadersinthisStateshouldbeexcludedalto-22d Inst, unless the boss manufacturers previously agree to the new scale of prices.FireatBrantdford,C.W. BaAXTFORD, C. W , Feb. SO, 1W0Tbe total loss by the Ore here on Saturday Is $:*i 00), of which $60,000 is insured, mostly In English companies In consequence of the calamity business is at a complete stand stilLForgery Cnse in Bangor, Me. BAJTOOR, Feb. SO, I860is given in our report of the proceedings. After the transaction of some unimportant routine bust ness the Board adjournedtillMonday nexttional, and not sectional, and declares for riot, vvuivu it suppressed; its presence—as arm the fanatics of the North against the local for the chronic political inflammation whichthe equal rights of all the States; and at Boston and Richmond—upon occasions Institutions and right of self-government of affects the party leaders in this State.this equality and fraternity is the sum and which give it a reflex interest and honor; the South. The commercial, manufacturingband and drum corps—these and many othercircumstances, to which we have not space to continued—10to6.Areportinfavorofallowingavictory,whoseresulttothetwootherpartiesallude,haveconspiredtogivethisregimentanon-slaveholdingStates,andthoselyinguponacryingevilonaccountoftheexcessiverateDeathotLieut.Thomas,oftheMary.the city railroad companies to continue the prac- and the country at large may be well expressed national reputation and an idat which its its border are to be made the active scenes of of fare exacted, and the poor accommodations' BUFFALO, Feb. 20,1W 0 tice of sprinkling salt in the streets to melt the in the old Latin words vcevictis—"woe to the appearance to morrow can scarcely fail to in- Seward's propagandism, Helper's incen- furnished. The Union Ferry Company, which Lieutenant Calvin Frederick Thomas, of the laiteademocracy, and so weaken its strength that re- was rejected—11 to 5.; while that of Dr. Sayre waa publicanism, both black and red, may achieveprosperous trade is to be broken up, a line ofltesident Physician. The nomination of Mr. Maloneytbe renewal o f the contracts for the Brooklyn ferries, the management of which has becomeJudgment and bill of exceptions to the ruling of the Court is pending.enowwaaadoptedbyavoteof10to6. vanquished!" crease,sinceitisonlybycomparisonwithsuch diarism,andJohnBrown'spracticaltreason. isoneofthemostobnoxiousandoppressiveFive ocean steamer* were sold at auction at the The South can take care of itself, and will fine companies a s those from Maryland, Vir- Against such principles and such plans a l l monopolies i n existence, is making desperateStatesnavy,diedofconsumptioninthiscityonSaturday nightRailroad Detention.B08T05, Feb. 90,1M0.The Sunday night train for New York met with deten- tion in Southboro', from snow, and an engine WASeoe- fdderably damaged by being thrown from the track 7k* passengers would go through by this morning i f a * from Boston.Southern Ocean Steaaaer Movements. SAVAXHAH, Feb. 20, tSW.The screw steamship Huntsvule, of Cromwell • \ae, from New York, arrived yesterday afternoon, 1Mb —tt CtUBXSBTOS, Feb. 18,1840The United States mail steamship James Adger.Gapt It. Adams, arrived here at four o'clock t - s (dstcrlsy)afternoon.Markets. PHILADILPUIA STOCK BOABP.PmiAi>EXPHiA, Feb. SO,laSO- Stocks firm Pennsylvanis State »'e, 08; Reading Bat- road, 20i,': Morris Canal, S I X , Long to land Railroad. 11)4; Peabsylvania Railroad, 88. Sight exchange oaMerchants'Exchangeyesterday.TheIllinoiswaa voteasaunit;butitwillrequiretheunited giniaandtheDistrictofColumbia,andthose conservativemenshouldunite,andbidtheeffortstohaveitscharterrenewedupontermsknocked down to B. W. Cheeverfor $106,0d0, the Moses Tsylcr to the same person for $102,000, the Star oi the West to Mioses Taylor for $15,000, the l'liuadelphi.ktoFrancisMorrisfor $5,000, andtheEmpire City to Francis Morris for $10,000.Iu the General Sessions yesterday Dr. Thomas J. Ellis, a notorious confidence man, was convicted ofetaaling a diamond ring from Miss Mary Roberts,and sent to the State prison for three years and sixmonths. Some curious developements were made atstrength of all the conservatives, of every shade of the United States army, that the merit of our of politics, to defeat the republicans in any Seventh regiment can be fully appreciated.fanatics and political demagogues who support them to hold their peace forever.THINKING OiT.^The recent Democratic Con- vention in Virginia has diminished the list o fby which i t can continue its exactions and re- tain its enormous profits; but a bill has been passed in the Senate limiting the fare for pas- sengers to Brooklyn to one cent—an amount which would pay the company liberally—in-the close of the trial, which will be found in our re. canism; so that 127 electoral votes are all that pott elsewhere. can be calculated upon to stem the advancingral corps which already, In all points t f sol- Presidential aspirants to the extent of two, stead of two cents, as now charged. It is ex- dierly excellence, contest the palm with, and tbe friends of Messrs. Wise and Hunter having ceedingly doubtful, however, whether that bill might perhaps bear it away from, the celebrated succeeded in using each other up, after the ap- can be passed in the Assembly. If the com- Seventh. In this, as In most other things, the proved fashion o f the cats o f Kilkenny, whose pany's lobby influence prevails it certainly will great metropolis of America seems t o havo a wicked example h a s ruined many promising not receive t h e sanction o f that body; and ifNorthern State except,,perhaps,Oregonand California, which only count seven electoral votes. There is no other State north of Mason and Dixons line of which it can be predicted with confidence that it will be carried against the revolutionary legions of black republi-But,althoughwe do notsuppose thatthe Seventh regiment can be surpassed anywhere else in this country, we have in New York seve-AccordingtotheCityInspector'sreport,there wavesoftheNorthernhordeoffreebooters.superfluityofsuperiority,anexcessofexcel- politiciansanytimethesefiftyyears.As theUnionFerryCompanyprocurearenewalwere507deathsinthe city duringthepastweek, But154votesarewanting;andif anewparty lence. Andthesemilitaryorganizations^morethings stand now, theOldDominion,the ofthecharterwithout suchaprovisionattach- Mother ofPresidents,willhaveno candidate edtoit,theywillchargejustwhattheyplease.an increase of 52 as compared with the mortality cf the week previous, and 106 more than occurred staring the corresponding week last year. Theis going to split up the conservative strength of the Middle States, the chances are that the necessary balance of twenty-seven votes cannotor less perfect In drill and equipment, extend from the metropolis over the entire country, andform a grand standing army in round num-to offer at Charleston, but may be able to dic- tate as to which o f the men offered from otherThe residents of Brooklyn and those interested In her prospertiy may learn what the action ofrecapitulation table gives S deaths of diseases of be obtained. Here, for Instance, in our own bers of two and (a half millions of men. Most quarters shall receive the nomination. In any the Union Ferry Company will be, fromthe"* toelectaconstitutionalPresident,andover- dependentofeitherthegeneralorStategov- benoemploymentfortbemevenatthepresenteXCe-" throw Seward and all his "higherlaw" host. ernment, and from which, in case of war, from•JnHat present FlourpgCaken ef thaaa T e r y party were defeated si the last election bylisb rifle corps are bat a miniature specimen; a! «_*** Pe,m,Jl*»"»l* »*7 **»§ * • destiny and in no country, probably, could a regiment,.hat if this care was not disposed of at tb. presentterm oC the Court be aould move for the discharge of Karri**William Hoicbinson, indicted for n—nsiajghtet in t*» «... evcree, for killing John Bawe, in a pueiUsti': $fh'. an ibe nth of December last, waa pwraiUed to ptaai gar»r to n,ar,s'aughur inttrH degree. Remanded foj sensjftcf>« Ptejit rm. Patrick CmmtfbtH tmtm ethen —Jhe »r*«i*<>d r*rt. s it 11is ease are hsutetsd tor an aarauA and bau :fn tbe Fociteeith wa»4, at the polls, at the. lest l»oem»wr yayoiartv election, ( a mottoa o f Mr. Wat B . Itobtnt^a. tbe ruse was pttpeced to tbe eud of the wrnt, wh?a I** >.ufce * ill eeciJc vhe&er it a'ua'.l be, rtrnHteiJ ]f Cu * v ik>i.fc or t o tA^/Hiin -<i to I'icsJav Wiorpinf,,L ^ L - T ! ? 1 - **• ^ntyseren rotes, withafter such a recent and expensive tour as that taken by the Seventh regiment to ^Richmond, Va., undertake, at a few days' notice, and at anworst time for th«fr strike, and will therefore be startled by tbe news of some terrible catas- gain little or nothing by i t The real difficulty trophe occurring on this ferry, by which twodecid7«_e ZJ^T**** a * TM * * . "°uldcould be collected at twenty four hoars' to a month's notice.ccusedwaschargedwllbforgeryMdembeaslement,and hadbeentriedand ^^^^t^f^^haTef*have to contend, lies deeper than the aurface. ble that tlTnew^a!!^ *"*- * ta n o t *"*' outlay of from ten to fifteen thousand dollars, a By sympathizing, with John Brown, by en-republicans in November, or bring the electiontrip of about three hundred miles, to assist at such an inauguration. N o better proof than this could be needed of the wealth and the en- terprise of this country.throning him among the saints and the martyrs, by adopting tbe odious Helper book, and e n - dorsing the bloody and brutal Rochester mani- festo of Mr. Seward, the manufacturers of NewUntitled Documentporary of the Washington Constitution seems to nuisance, and presenting n fresh exasvdetfmade. Congressional districts. Fernando Wood affected, is the result of the abominable damp- An article from the Tribune, which we print is its head, tail and ten horns. Both dele- saline atmosphere we are breathing. Andfar inourcolumnsto-day,givesavividideaof gationsaremadeuppurely ofpoliticians, whatobjectarethethree-quartersofamillioamoment, and should attract no attention what- ever.as t h e Tribune acknowledges, he would havelittle chance ofcarrying oneoftheborderStates, he would have a respectable ticket intbem, "led bysuch menasJohn Bell,H. massesinthisState,andoftheleadingmenat thatthisnuisance isabolished atonce.TheThat this is the opinion of the conservativeMayor Wood and Mr. Delavan should secthe Charleston Convention puts up a fair man, punishment. There is no necessity for apply-Ageneralstrikeofoperativesinseveraloftheleading The issue is too important to be risked in State. Our word for it, if once the democratic shoe manufacturing towns of this State is arranged for thtblood is to be drawn between the slave andBenjamin Kimball, member of the Penobscot bar, was great deal of interest excited just now about to day convicted of forging a deposition by which he ob- tained a divorce from u s wife. A motion in the arrest ofthe course of the Williamsburg Ferry Company tbe other d a y , which carried passengers for halfacentwhile theyhadanobjecttogain, and, as soon as their purpose was effected, raised thefaretotheonerousprice ofthreecentsfor eachpassenger,whichnearlyledtoariot. This is one of the most glaring instances of the evilofmonopoliesextant,andshowstowhat an extent greedy Individuals and corporations willgowhentheyhavethepowertooppress and abuse t b e public. The condition o f the StatenIslandferryisanotherexampleofthe same kind. Here are a number o' boats curv- inghundreds ofpeopleeveryday,whichare wholly unfit for the service. There is not an hour at which the lives of hundreds of people are not placed in imminent peril on the boats of thethat the shoemakers nave selected the very the company, and wo will some day or other UAfter K>me further remarks. Mr. Btaaksaan gave Mtice.sidered as politically deceased.with which they, as well as their employers,»r three hundred lives may be sacrificed.All the mismanagement of these ferry lines is attributable, more or less, to the bad policy of(leorge Law, who controls the lobby of tbe Corporation and the lobby at Albany alike. Mr. Law's shrewdness as a financier and specu- lator is only equalled by bis success; but tb'ould,poration and police are thoroughly corrupt andinefficient. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 