 8AFFAIRS IN UTAH.left tome urn* ago for the Stater to* m the same, ftepben Unite to Mas Agnes McArthur, both of knuckles nor bilgtog quarter paces, a» thai by the free negroes, of good character, to repel any future Inva- rupon the dueia as extra aarount of Jtoreret. wad, even nben pressed down to ber benrings,celnPattenwasmerelyanassumedname,thatbeingthe em the heels of the army, everything like public amuee- name of a wealthy and retired shipmaster and owner offighting the United .tales revenue cattor if s h e aries, it is ascertained that t h e number o f man in the Charleatown. shouldattempttodetainhim.Thiswasanidle receivethesamepaywhilstondutyUatisnowallowed Statewithinthesestandardsamountstofromseventyto GovernorWisehatrecentlypurchasedafarminPr.B- boast. Bbe had only two short sixes, carriage to the members of tbe existing volunteer corps. This ninety thousand. It a contemplated to nuke provision ceat Anne county, wUhta eight m lea of Norfolk. He baaBBamt baa been Dapentail with; bat now that they are Bath, Maine. Tbe real aame of the quasi Lincoln Patten,tataaappeartaa; the general expectation a that the doll lute ef Ua yacht Wanderer, a Dresser, a native of Harpsguns, which work over the rail, whereas the cutter had city, it ia estimated, can contribute at least one hundred probably, six eight pounders, with high and solid bni-wark to protect the men at quarters. Tbe Wanderer's trusty, uprght, faithful free negroes to assist in makingfor the arming and equipping of about eeventy-flve not, however, determined whether he shall reside there thousand:andnopainswillbesparedtorenderthatforce ornot. Btesupposed bewill selectsome place in the} as well disciplined and aa efficient as any similar number neighborhood o f Richmond for bto raidaooe.Caws. Ufcowiettagtwra wan tadtepenaabie, and Brig that was at New Orleans loading cotton. While engagedCHAMPION OF TBI AMERICAN WATERS~THK MATCH TO COME OFF ON THE BCD80N Kl VEk— ITS AMOUNT AND CONDITIONS, ETC.w knprecnated with alkali, and in course of a few years of Bath, Maine. Mr. Wilder, being familiar with the Pat- Reed, who now lives in West Springfield, was a pnpil ofhere, aye. here, to this stronghold once of Know Nothing ism. accords to Wise an efficiency in the discharge of h a gubernatorial functions sever equalled by any of his predecessors. It is despairingly observed bytor from Wheeling, in Uie LegJBlature of tha State, seems to be a source of humiliation to many members of that body. If his expulsion would not be calculated to excite sympathy for him among ; .» brother biacic republicans, it would have been decreed oefore this time.RICEBOXT., Doc. 17.1S69.Opixic*\$ at fo the Ultimaii Effect of the John Brown Invachallenge remains to be seen; as*yethebas had hardly time to become acquainted with Uie circumstance of t h a challenge offered him. He is about 26 years of age, five feet ten inches in height, and possesses a well knit, mus- cular frame.RobertChambers, the championof the Thames,waa born in Uie town of Newcastle on Tyce, a place which baa long been celebrated for its watermen. He is in h a 29Ui year, stands & feet 0 \ inches in height, weighs 154 lbs., and is a powerfully built young fellow, with a constitutionaba irTifation necessary to raise cropa to washing and drawing up this alkali to the snrfaoB. Reports from Wash-ngtoo county, where the settlers have endeavoredton family, at once came to the conclusion that his man was an impostor,but allowed him to carry out his scheme. They reached the brig, which waa, with another one, ladhis, years ago, in one of his music classes—sa his latevictim, the beautiful and accomplished Miss Laura Ken-dall, of Granny, was; and ae, it is believed, severalothers liave been, at various limes. This young woman, many that Virginia will never have his equal before Reed married her, was, at bis solicitation, takento rawe eottoa.are atao very unfavorable. Borne kind up in ordinary, under tbe charge of a watchman, fromagain. He is peculiarly gifted with an untiring seal, which seems to increase in efficiency and vigor with every additional need for its exercise. Hebedtime, and within Uat period accomplishes more than could, probably, any two men in the United States. The only error of an official character that I have ever beard ascribed to him by any citizen of Virginia ia his too tree exercise of the pardoning power. But this judgment is rendered without a knowledge of the (Circumstancesgo- verning these acts of clemency. He has pardoned seve-NEW YORK HERALD. SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.here I be heve he has bad several mtemcvrs with Ckrv. the slave trade—everything relating to her must be of Jn Tocng, but I do net anticipate any toofwrrtanl resuHs arest W e propose, therefore, to keep tbe rnnof heruntil some ether wonder more wonderful shall threw her xtotheshade. Kbecow lie*atthesouth sideofUnan wharf, with sails unbent, foretopmant dawn and ubboomAFFAIRS IN VIRGINIA. ^M*neB**aa#*aeMasaMOarRKWBOKD, V a., D ec 15,1860-•d Act o i PMteOpmto ftoawd Trad* amb Cat ttnafiwlsk Wm. 9.tometopresented. I am not aware whether tbe Gover- appearance of ftntob to the whole combination H to a nor would accept thto romratesion; aaa even if be abonWl, neat present and evideuUy gotten up " d b j r x e e t ^ » * *taererroaa. %>far as the awgiarisa af ttospewpto to eon-eerned,lpreeueaeOatBrotharBrkcbnaafeel*nowan hadid when Ua agents of Colonel Kanay offered htm granacf the MeannKoTerribsrv. When Hay spoke ef advwn- unshipped. In charge of two men whoguard bar watchsecure bito a bearing. There aeena, bowerar, to be veryBttl*doubtuponthatsubject,forit*presumed thatthedesire to hear Was tsawfikMntry strong to aawste that^torLi^i******'** «** U*ttossrew> day Theyannrenauncedttagemtataway. . l _fee eaucuneTthee>nwarnttento«beraof^^ ****'of sod, k c , over thai ef tha barren wanes, aeoear- i'y answeredthat besnaaanthawoulddotorUaajaraoBk.HaJBtagf.Sha tea beaaty without paint, of 260 tons register, with sr, l*q., Second ward, an Ua eveotag of November srscions decks and tew bulwarks. Her bow a very Hag 1.byr-residentJohnYcuag,Martinilarns,Jr.,toMas andverysharp,withconcavelinesfullthreefeetdeep;Saefr ntaamr*»-Mowwith a prominent member of the "Stwlhern Righa Aseo- 30th to*. lhee^kat^Bf-itotBa^to ^ * • * • * * *—kt Daaret, at tbe reetdeace of R. K.PwdmtmfArm, 4*-A Nm Ctoasto an Firpiata-aw-atoffiii/iiII" ' stoabftofai#Wf/jataiStatescataB." whose chaf am and object a to cut <#aMeom- holding the Democratic State Convention, which, a a aerctoi interceum with the Worth, sad eatehlah direct thought, will covneoffta the course of the cosntag awash. tradewithftn-ope.Thtofactshowsthatwhitemove IttosoppceedthatiisjdlslteniendorsingOPT.WiseasMatNancyA.Homer,aUofDetsrwtlaauM—Boaan.—At the aame tana aad place, b y th esame, Wilhs Lnnea, o f Mill Creek ward, to Miss Anna E. Homer, of Deeeret.thatw,astraightuae extended fromthecutwatertothe JTmiwa/aTiiwaatoiilfia TTststifftfffO*JPeiak /asreot round or curve of the side, would measure three feet from tfoeemar Wiatt ftow* i» awwafet to « Otoir,*fc ,**.its middle to the planking. KBOtnewhat resembles a bentlaw, or segment of a circle. Her stem is anacute angled 1aaa informed that it is m contemplation amongst proments of a countervailing character are resorted to, a dto- ehotoe of Tlrgtoia for the Pretweney will betdopted. poetten exists to remove t b e aoartiven to them: a n d Letters still iiasssnii to pour ta upon the flowerit It to be hoped that tha senttment wiU find threateninghislifeforrefusinftopardonany ofthea becoming response an the part of trans who vica who have lately atoned their treason upon the fti- alcne ate responsible for the extottag onhagpy lears. Why not direct their threaa against the Legtoss- state of things. If Governor Wis* will accept wbo bad U a largest share of the responsibility ktthiscornaiseton,andbepermittedtoaddress the North- hangingBrown and ha vagabond confederates' Theseern lagiBkuurea, the most salutary result* wttlbe likely would-be avengers will toad sane good narks for a abet tofollow. Such,atleast,tothegeneralimprenttonhere, fromaSharp'srifleamongthatbody., TheGovernor's)ef salt baa Una season appeared on the soJ. and destroyed whom Dresser obtained toe kt>ys of the vessel, *aliout liieail bopea of success, t'nless some means be discovered consent of the real owners, tbe vessel being lor *»ie. Dres- lnu> his family a* a ••boarder," and soon afterwards Reedby which all thjs alkali a n d salt can be neutralised with ser also stated that h e was the owner of t h e snip Flyiug ran away with her to Canada, abandoning bis wife andfacility, it is not difficult to foresee that tke soil here will Cloud, lying at the Atlantic Dock, and ot'.ered to sell a three young children to their tale. His wife was thrown works from early dawn until dark, and frequency untilwn.—towen and XhUits of the General Government tothe Wtnttt- A Unit* Flag PrttenUd by Pennsylvania to that will stand anything. His ¥tr%. tingle oare'i matchday be insufficient for anything lik* a large popua-m saTT-Uavre n rr4B.1 have not yet seen anything published that sea forthpart of her to Wilder. The latter pretended to purchase a part of the vessel, and agreed to give Dresser a check for 16,000 the next morning. In the mean time an officer was employed, and Uie parties from whom Dieeser had obtained stores, ex., were apprised of the operations. Tbe next morning Dresser appeared at tiieupon the town and eventually died in the poor house. Beed and bis companion passed tour years in Canada and ^VesteTn New York, when, hearing of the death of his wile, he came back to Wilbraham, bringing with him bto companion, now his wife. At wh-d time he married her does not seem quite certain, but sue is of very respectable connections in Wilbraham, and bore to Reed three chil-was with Shofto, a man highly esteemed as an oarsman; Virginia—Democratic Cducwi—Governor Wise MtM hebeathim easily, asalsoonthe second occasiontheyThreatened—The Ibeiwao Mere in Regard ta Stevens, new met, in 1868 In 1856, he, in conjuncti ia with Uie celebra-bbe wttleme&a in Uuh. For my own convenience of re-ference 1set about finding distances from this city, anJhave been rurpr fed to find so many Mttlemena in this appointed hour, but in place of getting a check for $6,000, dren. There is a woman now living in Canton, in this ral irom this city, and of all these 1 know of no one who M « Territory W .th their datances from tha city theyare as follows:—Ateattwiff Hit Jrial in Chartmtoum, dk., dVr.There is a very general opinion here, which seems to have recently grown op, that tbe ultimate effect of the John Brown invasion will be » etrengthen tbe Union byted Harry Cupper, Pocock an.1 McKinney, won tha champion four-car*d prized' $60,i at the PujyaJ Thames National Regatta, beating some line crews. In the sama regatta be udc< d to hib laurels by waning Uie first prtaa in tbe fenders' race. In 1856 he was forced to "uecumb to Harry Clasncr iri the contest for the champjocsriip o t the Tyne. Iu the following year be woe two matches with Galley at Newcastle and Bentley at HowJen. In 1S6T, at Cie Royal Thames KaUciiai Kegatta, he again car- ried off Uie i hampion $600, with J II. Clasper, A . Madi-Worth Mitt. ironicMiia. Kara. MxUtTbe Judge committed the prisoner and told the witnesses quarters by ber husband's base desertion, and there sheaad reckleas, with n o other prospect before them b u t areturn, ae ia most frequently the case, to the same source ! active. Nothing short of some great disaster, such as aof corruption whence they had, perhaps, but recenUy dissolution of the Union, rna.'.e imminent by the course of aou and 11. Clamper, and in the scullers' prize be waa alsoBoontiinl . . 1 0 East Weber Ceatrevilie ..12>3 OgdenOtymcce&siui, beating in the final teat McKinney, Ralph and I'lner. The same year a t Durham Regatta be again took Uie Patrons' plate,'the crew consisting of himself, K. Cas- per, John H Ciasper and Harry Claeper. He aisj in tba same regatta wbn Ua scullers' prize, beating R Ciasper in the final heat. At Uie Manchester and Salford Regatta, 1867, with A. Madison, he won tbe pair-oared race, beatinglaysvdie. Bgbaak. M*m. South, JfUer £ MOa.through some hocus pocus arrangement between the Judge, officers aad the prisoner. A few days after Mr. Wilder met Dresser ta tbe street, and after some pretty sharp interchange of words the tetter waa advaed to leavefor she ta placed in the category of guilty ones by her con senUng to aid in the misery which the rascal Inflicted on his innocent first wife. Much may, however, be pardon eo in ber case, to the unequalled arts of this accomplisheddonedare now among our most law-abiding and peaceful citizens. S o U a t in the exercise of this prerogative, tho Governor baa undoubtedly lone good service in rescuing many from that moral degradation which is the inevita- ble consequence of a short service ip the penitentiary- No man who bas ever occupied the executive chair hasI These elements are now active, and it only needs that theyshould be kept so u order tc prevent the ascendency oftbe political intriguers who have heretofore thrived by thesupineness and indifference of the conservative men of thecountry. There is an abilii.g hope among the good citi Tbos. Bruce and Edwin Winehip and Taylor and Willams. zens of this region that tnattera will never again be per- two fins pairs, and in Uie same regatta he earned•agar House-.... 4 Paywan.Parowan74E.T. Oty eg Toele>. .26626 tows. The fellow took the h a t and nothing definitely seducer.anUCreek :Cottonwood,T aanUQum t Goshen38was heard ot htm until he turned up in the yacht Wan-derer affair. Reed has occasioned no little scandal In towns where h e»4 erantovUle DiraparrvUle—SO Moroni ISO Cedar Valley... 40Spragville . . . "ifork.56 Beaver.61 Meadow Creek. 176 Fort Clara.made Ua following statement:— frank and hearty, and be carried such an air of earnest- ment was ahooting at some one upon very strong provo- ness, honesty ana good nature, that he deceived men and cation, it appeared. T h e person shot a t was u no w a yThe voyage purported to be fof Mataasas and Nassau, women alike as to bis real character. He would shake injured. The woman waa miserably dressed, and she1 Chambers had taken his opponent's water. Ralph w a s party. The policy of Southern commerca . independence evidently far outmatched, and was eventually beatenwill be vigiTOwly urged, if only to enable the North to easily,Chsuibersdoingtoedistanceinat minutes30se-realizeUieinestimablevalueoftheUnion,bycontrasting conds. InDecembercfUiesameyeara meeting othit37273 281 300 279 811 320 330 360Mto these eettlemena, there a r e numerousOaaaWert Jordan.... I t Fort Kphraim.130 Cedar CityLekiCity ae Citylake Otyt Grove.27 Unionville140 Harmonyat New Orleans has produced an aberration of mind, as prior to that he was considered an upright man.counts which it is not well to publish now, because their publicity could do no good, but might occasion much un- happiness. He baa the reputation of being a regular 44 lady-killer' —a despoiler o f female virtue, and a very great hypocrite, using his professions of religion as aextent, and none who may succeed him will be likely to venture so far.off the scullers' prize, beating J. Ciasper m the final beat. mitted to come EOnear the point of culmination. But no On Sept 21,1867, be rowed and beat Alfred Ralph, ofUNephiIt is thought by many that the injury Dresser received had classes in music, by his illicit amours. We have ac- had the courage to exerc -t this prerogative to the same4 0at Littte Dennarkm, HamiltonaOTBhaore164 Tokarviile 166 Virgin Oty £ » WashingtonNEWSPAPER ACCOUNTS.One of U a nan who was on board the Wanderer has mask to favor his vile purposes. His manner waa very inmate of the penitentiary. The cause of bis imprisonaddition whereafewfamilieshave"equated,"forherdingN. P., for fruit, and back to Savannah, some on board bands with all friends in so hearty and wholesouled a having signed articles to that effect; but Captain Patten, manner, a i d appear s o full of fresh, overbrimming callingallhandson thequarterdeck,declaredthevessel "human"goodfeeling, aeto disarm ailsuspicion,ami to be without papers, the collector refusing a clearance.He declared bto intention to proceed to the coast o f Africa for a cargo of seven hundred negroes, and from thence to Cardenasto dispose of them at Ua rate of $660 each. He stated be was well acquainted with t b e trade, havinghad with her a little boy, a son ef his, who waa bare- rooted. Shepleaded hard torherhusband's release, representing with much fore* h e r distressed condition, and the h a d fate which awaited ber during the coming winter, with no one ta provide for ber andher children. The Governor was evidently moved by this tad repre- sentation, and b e instantly rose from hto seat and went t oaad farming purposes. T on will pereaive by the above aha* the Mormons have "spread themselves ' considers bry. At Ua present time there is a rush to Cache Valley. agbty mitee from here, which pronuses to become the rtval of taa vaikvy. Old s*titers are pulling up stakes atwin hosts of friends among the most influential classes of society.tbe benefits accruing under the intertradc system with thebackers and friends was calted at NewcasUe, wb-1> a tes- timonial was presented to him.iu consideration ef bis ability and success a s a sculler s n o oarsmen, a a d good conduct as a man. I'p to his race with Ralph b e had been a puddler, as it is termed, in an iron foundry in thelib hntoI happened to besion during the past summer or fall that a poor woman applied to him for pardon for b e r husband, who was anand which he had no objection to befoocupwd by tbe he paid $76. After leaving the Troy a bark hove ta eight, and the captain bore away in chase, firing a gunwiaar quarters. The gallant Captain was of course unac- gjamsajwnb d a country, aad bwndwi. be bad ms tato bring her to. She proved to be the bark Eliza Brewer, commanded evidently by some acquaintance, as the can a i n hauled bto wind aad stood away from her under sai L The next day he gave chase to a schooner, both guns be- ing loaded with grape, but on passing under her stern b e exchanged longitudes a a d kept on his course. Nothing materialagain occurreduntil the28thot"October,when all sail was made to overtake abrig which appeared in the northwest; came up with her at eight o'clock P . M . b u ther appearance ta Granby, after ber long mysterious ab-sence, Reed met a gentleman of Granby in Springfield,and told him "he had beard good news." Being askedwhat it was, be replied that h a friend, George Dibble, ofGranby, bad written him a letter stating that "Laura hadgat back," and, added Beed, " I mean to g o back therenow," ictimatteg the girls reappearance was a proof of hisowninnocence. Tbegentleman,onbtoreturntoGranby,happened casually to mention to Mr. Dibble what Reed "Mo, sir; I cannot well iafford to give him food, much had said about the letter, when Mr. D. at once dentedpolicy a intended to admonish abolltionisw to attend to theirownaffairs,andthattoallthata necessarytogive that strength and permanence to U a Union which are BOWpredated aa results of the Harper's Ferry emeuuIn Uie House of Delegates to day, Mr. John Seddon, of Stafford, offered t h e following resolution, which w a s adopted:—Resolved, That to the joint committee of the General Assembly on the outrages committed at Harper's Ferry be especially referred that portion o f the Governor's me* sagdtorhich alludes to the powers and duties of the general government to the States, a n d t h e relations existing be- tween some of the States and a portion of the citizens thereof to this Commonwealth, who ehali examine into Uie circumstances, a n d report a t a n early d a y such views,In August, 1868, at Manchester and Salford regatta, h a won the Victoria prise, beating John Ciasper a n d James Taylor, aad for the Pomona Champion prise, at Ua sama regatta, with Henry Ault. Edwin Wmahip, a a d John Ciasper. he beat Uie Five Friends aad Albert Bowing Club crewa. I a August, 1868, a t Talkin Tarn regatta, Cham- bers rowed second ta John Cteaper fur the Betted Wdl Plate. OB April 19 of Uie year Uie long talked of match between Chamber* and Thomas White, of BermondMy,came off. White west away ton lengths, but Chambers caught him, took the toad, and won b y six lengths—time, '21 minutes—and it w a s this victory, in a measure unex- pected, which was the principal cause of his betag backed against Kelly. A t t h e Durham regatta, July. I860, h e rowed second with Wiaahip ia the pair-eared race, being beaten b y Harry Casper and* John H. Claeper. For the)ItaT^a^toflMto h a a a T t o ^ e S e T ^probably^wouTdbar* aoospted Cache Valley, where tke army could uowhave bad an i iinltoal rensrvs, samveddl ''t•tahae war.," and aan probability a gwana a t y would have been founded•areartval Uttopekos. i n it is, the Mormon* hart could not make her out; kept pursuing her, tacking every1 must walk back "Hasthatlittleboyanyshoes?'yaitadena, takenrtap, sad tbeamy baaRusap. andtheamyhasRushVal--^••antry thatbearsnooompartoo*withthai of/ mat bears no comDaraoa with thai of CacheTMtoT. h Wa«kl ta*t nn* n* «S^ WMIISI« Maiauma rs*aass* °°*°*1"•^Jr^ZiJa* »hey suspecadboor and tiring heavy charges ef grape to make her heave to, bat without avail, for at eleven o'clock she wan not a sight.We again shaped our course for Fayal, encountering a severe gate- The captain, being all this time full of liquor, waa extremely reckless, and endangered the safety of thaless shoes and clothing."ahogethera resultaad^waah yesterday and today she has been v«tod by eraadsOfiffillair fromtbemoneyedtotbemoneyless, and crowds will prowkbly vtoit bar tomorrow and thaMStrang* as it may seem, thrt suggietton first originated the iath Bad., was postponed unttl Tuesday nig^next, theWnn»—MrARTWWB.—AttbefameUnaandplace,by triangle,theUffrail forming thebase,aadhasno BotoeatmembersoftheLegislaturetoraisearegimentof> wed as praying Though the mdun never WA.V!m—STABES.—At Braver, Oct. 3, by Oder J. O n , there to eeihag aft to Impede her progress. Bar sion of abolitioniBto, as well as to act as police upon aboli- and tbe protect meets the hearty concurrsnee of til whoto act a good object to be tired at, and,moreover, tot at too goodashotto withstand,in case of failure tohia at tbe first pep. In all, I think, the safest ceoree ftor Brown's monsters would be to turn their attention t t thai Legislature and select a few of the beat birds in Uie lack. They are in fact nare responsible than Gov. Was for tbe)execution of these traitors.CharlesWesleyWandelltoMkaMaryH.Bparfcs,botnfor-aidesareboldlyconvex,aadherrun,Hkeherbow.totionemissaries.IttointendedtodrillthemtoUamoat K> a w p tote meed, ha eotaiders thai thai of merly of Cahfoma. kag and dean. A more beautiful model, or one better efficient manner, and arm them with the best weaponsthewhttaMashould beeacrtd;and,thougheon- B<<n»—Kmarjvairc—At Penernt,Nov.S,byBder adaptedftorsailing,torarelyseeninthisvicinity. Thosestaatry sasirrn by h a pate faced brother, he BOM tbe rtomoel W. laharda, Charles Booth to M ai Mary Kirfc- who donbt Mr. Welton's statement about her going twenty that Ua country can afford. Besides military duty, tb-y commiSBaners to confer together and decide upon sometees balds the nest bale face respentibte far ail hasays, and betas an tanartrwisly to u a word. Under thebead of 1*4*0 aepredetaas aad the epaief their aup-paaiek. knots would do well to aspect ber. ff ever avessel went twentyknoa,shetosurelycapableofgoingatthesamewill have to perform the duty of hangmen upon everycommon basis of legislation, an far as relates to the re stricttons to be placed upon Northern trade and Ua sys- temofmilitarydefences tobeestablished. Thenecessi-abolitionist convicted o f such offences a s brought JohnTHE YACHT WABDBREK AGAIN. Her masts are tw o beautiful spare, etoar of know or Brown and hto confederates to tbe scaffold. Their testi- ty for thte movement is made apparent b y the appliea- convicted, htoexeeatfon will be a* certain a* thai teaser-Haws, and very stout: they seem strong enough to stand mony will be admissible against all offenders of that cha- till every ysrd or canvass blows away, or until they ripsert m taa tsrrttor?, nock roeId be said of eoraiderabtetnterest both tor the government and the people, which I 8 k « t c h o f ilka Adrweatwuraa o f H e r C a p t n l m — her keel out She still has tbe rained skyHghw and booby racter. Under the law making the abduction o f a slavelata of all, anid I feel assured b e would b e shewn lean mercy than any. It ia known that be urged John Brown twice to shoot the praoners whom h e h a d captured, e a being informed ef the approach o f t h e martaea. Every on* familter with the details of the Harpers Ferry inva- sion speak of thii fellow as the raaa of all others of thatwiururiiabaAanotter time.i Gent** portion ofthe community m for the present eeraaaag. Trade a now dull, aad before the moun beeemeimpaesebletheyaettheirfaceseastwardanumbereftbmlefttwodaysage. TbeMormons exHw*tttpartkula*plea*»re,M4wlahthema Magthyjourney SneetherushefGentilesintothecityBe AMame* tkveMaaae aff• Hcspeatabln hatches which belongedtober whenayacht, bat she acapitaloffence,whichwillundoubtedlybepassedbytoeS h i p m a s t e r a a d O w n « r - H U R e a l Wanna looks weather beaten and rusty, thoajrh ber hull is sound present Legislature, the functions of this new corps it it and her copper smooth.and Residence—Alleged Blg»uiy--4tneer Though very snarp, she baa large stowage capacity, thought will be often called into requisition, tbe presump-• p e m t l o n s l a M a w Orleavats svad S e w ewfag to her great breadth of beam; but we doubt ber tion being that the ardor of the abolitionists for the free-Wise to ascertain the olan of military organizaucn contemplated by Virginia. From all I can ascertain, a thoroughmilitaryorganizationwillbeformedthroughouttheSatan,under the direction and supervision or the first militarytalent in the country. Each State will adopt soma specificuniform. ihe .color of which to to ^be determined by Uamilitary committees of each Legislature, and tbe arming gang of vagabonds least entitled to mercy. H a coavtov and'quipping will be aacomplete aait a possibleto uon.ifItShallbeestablished,will be virtually ha end. make them. Under the new military system to be Execution will inevrably follow, unless escape should adoptedhiVirginia, everymanbetweenUieageof avertthatdoom. Buttha,Iimagine,willbeimpassible,York, die. WepresenttothereadersoftheHBUIDsomeaddition-beingabletocarrysevenhundred negroes,with thene- cenary supplies of water and provisions. Mr. Welton, whobroughtherhere,ahisstatementsaysthathercap- tainorderedthetwogunsloadedwhileproceedingdowndomofthenegrowillsuffernoabatement under tbe in- fluencecfthedreadpenaltywhichawaitstheirconvic- tiononachargeofkidnapping. Thtofreenegroregimmtrate, tar everything about her indicates speed.IfStevens,whotoMowawaitingtrialatCharkatowt,to tionswhichareaadebysomeSoutherngatestoGov. row'ssunwillrise. Hetolookeduponasthebiggestvtl»alfactsconnectedwithUahistoryofUalatacantataofthe notortota stove yacht Wanderer. It appears that Dn- the river from Savannah, for the purpose Of will be officered by white men, and every mamber will a recent estimate made by some of our public function- the recent escape of Coppte and Cook from the jail t theart of the water's are will be whiled away well, Maine, where he ban a wife and several children re- decks have nibprotection; a well directed volley or two of up the regiment, aad U a remaining number necessary hi the army of any country. Tbe law, introspect to theI underatand it is the intention of all the officers of theby the I ii—bis ef aba artist* in "eock aad siding. E e is very respectably connected, and hie con- mall ants, from a cutter, would clear them; not to speak can be had vHbout difficulty in other towns and cities of attendance at drill, will be compulsory, sothat the mem- First regiment of Vtrgtata Volunteer* to grv* aim a sere-By the bye, Brother Brighaa has a of the effect oCa broadside from three guns charged with lethetragKai.HehasWeanedtoendductforseveralyearspasthasgivenhisfriendsandrela-grapeanlcabtoter. , EasternVirginia.bers will have no discretion, an under the present mffltta nade aa evening or two previous to Ua close of hie term.'» bat tar ate peopletoeprefers eoae- tives a great defl of anxiety and uneasiness. Bat it ap- As a pirate, ber only play, with her present inaigniflB«make(hareteenoughtragedyladallyate,wild- pearsthatDresserhasbeenlaboringunderanaberration cantarmamentandexposeddecks,wouldbetorunalong- sideofanopponentandcarry herbyboarding. Speed,estbrinfing Honto(hestage. Uapeopleworkbard, ofmind,toconsequenceofinjuriesreceivedafewyears andabilitytobearaheavypressofsail,aretheprincipalA document, embodying a pledge to trade with no one knownto beanaboMttonist,tonewbetagnumerousry signedbyprominent merchants andothersinthatcity. The pledge embodies no prohibition to trade at tbe North,ofvolunteersystem.A new armory, of sufficient capacity tosupply tbe tradeHehasbecomeagreatfavoritewiththewhaleregiment, and no wonder, for it to the impatoa given to it by tha Governorthatbasrendereditto-daywhatitto.Inpoint of disciplineand equipment, ittenotBBipeastidbyanyas* have no aeatef •anqeo's gbost sr Bnatot's father to ago, as will appear to another part of this article. Prior elements in ber model. She is not adapted for war.dhttarbtheirhoarsefalatabcrsadrest; Heprefersthe Mr.Weltonhasnotexplainedhowhe,himself,cameon nordoesitseemtoapplytoblackrepublicans,fortheofUiewholeSouth,will probablybeerectedherewithinthenextyear,onStateaccount.TheStateisownerofalargoextentofvaluablebuildinggroundonthebankoftheJames regimentoftheaamestrengthintheUnion.river in the immediate suburbs of Richmond, on part of The Bouse of Delegates today agreed to take a Christ- which standi the old State Armory, now occupied by Ua mas recess from U a 23d teat, until Monday, Ua ad o t StateGuardunderCapt.Dimmock.ThereisatthispointJanuarynextTheSenateagreedtoadjournonUa3Ud, a water power capable of moving the machinery of alltaaiaiofUaratotolhautttot spythicg thai a) harmless to the lBjory, which we shall designate, he was known board of her, ner what position be occupied under the reason, doubtless, that they are placed to the tame cate- aadwillaslethemhappytothetocttae.Oneoftheasanupright,intelligentandpracticalseaman,havingcaptain.DidheshipinSavannah,aschiefsate,secondgorywiththeabofitioniata.Thispledgeheartalreadyto meet again on the 3d of January.aaaaaatea of the green roean relatee thai on requestingareas Br<fham permission to eat a grave a the boards forHeatat'e Ophelia, the ex-Oovareor wag wry emphatic;they bad seento* aaas gravento the dkysjof past perse- A few years ago Dresner wan mate on board a vessel emire, aad aajajl anltarrmt-Tr to awaken past reonllecansa a denial, as trustee in trust of the property, aborted a Una business, one day, from some accidental cause, athe signatures of a large body ot our wealthy merchants,whose trade with U a North hitherto amounted to mil-been an oiteer on board different vessels, and always, until recently, borne a goodcharacter for his skill and honesty.mate, or as a sailor before the mast? or was he one of themen who was sent to aid to taking ber stores on board?He can surely state how many men knew the designs of lions each year. But this outlay will not be diverted from Virginia, by the James river and Kanawha Canal, whichUa captain^in advance, and stood by him to overawe the North under obligations aanmed by thto pledge, runs within a few yards of tbe present armory. The work,tbe others. The notorious character ef the vessel nwst inwtmneb as tbe Union men of that section are I understand, will be constructed under Ua sapervisionof TBI CHAMPION OAB8MAN OF ENGLAND TO TBM have beep well known to an Intelligent man like Mr. not contemplated ta U a proposed prohibition. Trade Major Hartlett, an armorer of some celebrity. It is statedWelton, and it is not unreasonable to suppose that he with tketn to strictly legitimate, according to the Uat Col. Colt intends purchasing one of Ua aeries of smallknows the party who furnished the stores at Savannah. terms of U a pledge. This a certainly the mast islands on James river, directly in front of this city, as aYet he hat not given a word ot explanation concerning practical movement yet instituted to alienate Southern pa- site for an armory, in which to carry on the manufacturesstanat, abas which there ban been no iafaaltiin to abedgas stood of Innocence far the amosaacnt of the crowd.A s tfcantricate are all, however, on tbsfgafvat and randybar tk* word, a dust their wardrobes, spring to the falling into Ua bold, killed two nan instanUy and severe- these important particulars. tronage from those who are hostile to Southern interests. of hit world renewed revolvers. A more magnificent site, and ••bold the mirror up to nature "The change of contractors for supplying the army ta re- garded here by many as an Indication of the withdrawal ef tk* troops a no distant day It a thought that the in-ly wounded Dresser about the head and eyes, so that U a totter organs looked a s though they were affected withAstheretonodoubtthattbecaptaindesignedtogo Tbesamemovementtozealouslyurgeduponetherslaving, it to fair to presume that he had the means to Southern Bates, and it will no doubt find general favor in purchase tbe cargo and the requisite supplies. If so,what were they, money or tetters of credit? W e are the less oonservative States South.somewhat inclined to think that he obtained his supplies The Hon. Wm. C. Rives visited the Hall of the House offor inch a purpose coulu not be found in tbe whole country.A bill to now before the Senate of this State, providingcompensation for Mr. Andrew Hunter for his services inInternational matches between America aad England seem to lie in fashion at Uie present time. No sooner had oar stalworth champion of the prim ring thrown down his bold cartel of defiance to his transatlantic rtval, Tom Say-era, and challenged him to combat in the twenty-four feetBev* beforetiaa had awarded to them contracts when abey were known to hare been much higher in their esn- saates than other competitors. In this connection, I learn by the Uauix, received here by last mail, that much of aba army esppttoB « future « wonted opon fromtha ami. a tha, 1 apprehend, there wiU l a oOth&rebto dte-tetter place, itto said, he became quite famihar with the stevedore employed to dtochargmf the cargo from the vessel, and was invited to tbe bouse of the latter, where, it is alleged, he became enamored of the stevedore'sthe vicinity.No one acquainted with shipping can for a moment sup-At a meeting of the officers of tbe First regiment of thorizedtodelivertotheHon.Wm.CRive*taeoriginalpa- Virginiavolunteers,heldlastnightforthepurposeofeverytouy has got supplied at the merchant stores, and saanyofthewealthybrethren here broughttafromthe Matesthismasontheirowngoods'trims. Thereisnow pteaty, and no further necessity for parting with grain to thearmy. Besyfe*.»Wvci*aW*••^^7dhoertaioOrleans for the purpose of chartering her to some of her sex") are injail, detained as witnesses, and hate toWh on the occasion of Brown's execution. He com- responsible party. After a lengthy conversation, beenprovidedwithcleanandcomfortableclothing. mandeda splendidtroopof mountedriflemen,organised andfromhisrepreseniataos,astevedorestandingbyloan- WeunderstandthattheWandererhasbeenlibelledby underbtoownimmediateauspicesanddrilledprincipally ed him $166. The raxt day, Saturday, Dresser went to a United States District Attorney Woodbury, and a technical by himself.him.Anotherofthestatueswhicharetoadornthemonu- ment in Capitol square arrived here Una evening. It is the statue ofGeorge Mason, theauthorofthe"Billof Righa'andofUiefirstconstitutionadoptedbyVirginia. Tbe statue is enclosed in a large wooden box, and I am, therefore,unabletoformanyestimateofiamenu Ita Ua work of John Randolph Rodgers, from a model left by Crawford. It came direct from Munich to thto city, and will, doubtless, be raise! upon i a pedestal in a few days, by Uie side of the statue* or Jefferson and Patrick Henry. That of General Lewis, of Revolutionary fame, the hero of Point Pleasant, will soon be added, and then Uie statues of Colonel Lee and General Nelson, wben finished, will complete the group. All these encircle the shaft upon which stands Crawford's noble equestrianletter, addressed to Ua editor of BeWs lift ia London.--* Mr. EDRDK—Seeing "aparagraph in U a New York pa-persthattheAmericanchampionwantedtorowUacham- pionoftheThamesonUa riverHudson,Ibegtostate) Uat I will row him for £600 a side if be will give £100 for expenses,tocomeoffinUiemonthofMayorJune,1660— the editor of Bell * Life to be stakeholder. Should bo thinktheexpensestoohigh,Iwillallowhimtoesame amount to row upon the river Newcastle. Should be agree to this proposal, an answer through BelXt Life »»uoe at- tended to. Yours, tc., ROBERT CHAMBERS.ThepresentchampionofAmericanoarsmentoMr.Josh. Ward, of Ncwburg, in thto State. H is claim to the title) has been maintained in many a well contented race on tha waters of New York, Newburg and Boston. At the grand regatta for Uie champion sculler's silver belt a n d $100, rowed at SUten Island in October of last year, he was vic- torious, beating easily such crack oarsmen as Haneon, o t Newburg; Andy Fay and Daw, of New York. Two week*mercantilehouse andrepeatedthesamestorybetold •4PVT, tt^ta and grasshoppers have A voe day de- the day previousto other parties about bis ownershipincomplainthavingbeenmadeagainst"JohnDoe"fornt tmg her out for the slave trade. A private examination of tbe officers and crew is now going on.As Gov. Wise's term draws to a close feelings of bitter sorrow ant regret manifest themselves among all partiea- Many an expression of a wish have 1 heard uttered for Uie last fortnight that his gubernatorial term waa now commencing. The people of Virginia realize from Uie ex- perience of the past two month? the necessity of baviBg such n man in Uie executive chair, in a criaia such an they believe ia now imminent They esteem itvuc u » y u c - Woyed tbe labor of months and the bote de]the bark Jane. Terms were agreed upon for tbe charter of the vessel, and five hundred dollars was to be paid to seal the bargain. Tbe merchant went to his office to get lbs clerk a draw up the charter party, but discovered that he had gone home for the day. The matter was deferred until the Monday following; in the meantime the merchant ascertained that Dresser was a humbug, andepefldence of the poor for daily bread. The remembrancetaca, and tke propbecymg of Brother He t J W M HebeT^Woot eseamg firmans, and saving up gram, will uaquestionablyT h e G r a n n y S e d u c t i o n C a s e . CHAPTaTt IN EDWIN W. RKED'B HI8TOBY. [From the Hartford Times, Jan. b. ]bate of cotton, that was being hoisted into U a vessel, slip- ped oat cf tbe rope slings to which it was suspended, and,The next thing heard of Dresser, he went at Flores, by totters of credit (though the mate says he Delegates to day, and at hto mstenco Ua following resolu- prosecuting John Brown, and Uie other prieonera arrestedTi in-1 of ftiasil. Majors k Co. with thcrgovemment Is on a voyage from New Orleans to London, ran away without paying), and that the kidnappingpt tion was offered by Mr. Woolfolk, the delegate from at Harper's Ferry. The original bill, as reported, fixed roped arena, for physical supremacy and the champion-each that if the contract was now worth obtaining tbe women waa the real cause of his putting so hurriedly absywouldbatebeenagainthefortunatebidders,asthey as master of the bark Fanny Fern. At tbe toasa,or,perhaps,informationthatashipofwarwasinOrange and Greene counties:—Resolved, That tbe Clerk of the House of Delegates b e au-hie compensation at f 2,600, but the sum waa subsequently reduced to tl,600. 'ship ofthe world,than ourshoreswere invadedby • band of the beat and choicest cricketers of England, who boldly offered to encounter double their number ef the) pick o f our players in the maniy and athletic recreation o tcricketMMUUifatLt. TheMormonshaveuptothepresentcer- daughter.amatchwanmade,sodanallyamarriagewas crewandtheapprobation ofagentsonshore. Muchre-Tbe resolution was adopted.feeling satisfied with his conduct, employedtain,goand clothed to the Pacischim with full Oceanbuilt of oak, and copper and iron fastened; is lOfeet draft, and was tfiilt at Sautucket, New York, in 1867. She was last inspected in July, 18(8.would appear that h e had previously concocted a plan for carrying out a strie* of a^eef operations. He firstof men, and possess*s not one of the characteristics at- tributed to David Martin," the name by which the captain of lhe Wanderer pleased to be known to his crew.dered to Its engrossment to Ua House of Delegates.The whig members of both Houses of Uie Legislature signed a recommendation to-day in behalf of Col. J. £.from Lewis county on the Harper's Ferry affair y o u d e - murred a abort time ago, reserving that information until compelled to give it upon Governor Wise's requisition.another c a p . authority to in search of theno port of hall tinder it.The American Lloyd's says she is 280 toot, rates A 1 >,,probably pass to-morrow. This hill was framed by the Harperw Ferry Committee, and, at Uie suggestion of U a chairman af Uat committee, referred to the Committee of Finance for reviaion. It was reported back as originally presented.A splendid service of plate was presented by the clerks in Uie First Auditor's office, in this State, to Mr. J . M. Bennett, for many years chief in that department This was done under an impression that Mr. B. was about to resign; but it is understood that the Legislature willvessel, and take the command from Dresser.This waa effectually accomplished, and Dresser returnedto New Orleans. He arrived there on Friday, and itswppked thea with everything that they consumed. duction, and suted that he was the owner of the bark vis: Who la David Martin? fice of Postmaster of the United States House of Represen- Hew,thesocialconditionofthepeopletogreatlychanged.Jane,lyinginMobilebay,andthathehadcometoNew Thecrewandladies("everywomanisaladybyrighttatives.TheColonelfiguredconspicuouslyatCharlet-pers of the session of 1786-6, relating to the commercial propo- posethattvesselliketheWanderer,lightlymannedand sition*ofthatsession,andsuchotherpapersonfiletohisofficefilling vacancies in the staff, Captain P . T . Moore, o f t h e Montgomery Guard, was elected Lieutenant Colonel, aad Wm.H.Fry,formerlyCaptainofUaBlues,Major.Cap. tain Moore is unquestionably one of the most efficient andpoorly armed,could hope to obtain her supplies by piracy. Nor will any one believe that b e r captain dared to run away with ber, without the consent of the majority of hera* may be useful to aim in completing the Life and Times of JamesMadison,tobereturnedbyaimafter theirexamination.atary surprised us ail by their constant and unreserved sradag w in the army, but the' past can be no (woe for the future. When tap army entered, tke people, at toast very many of them, were very poor, almost de«trlarte of clothing, and stringers to anything ak* tke luxuries of the tea-board. Sugar.tea and coffee war* rarely used. There waa hule a t h e market, andwant there wan bad a be purchased by cash, and that atShe Btoderaa figure of $8 per pound Tor tea. coffee and•agar ranging between sixty and seventy otnta per pound,wkUe New York ten cents and shilling calico would figurea thirty five ceau per yard. Shortly after the army en-tered, in* cny was soon filled w;th dry goods and gro-eane*. To obwun t h e aeedfnl cash many have tradedtoeirgram,fruitandlumberwiththearmy,and,indeed,wanttoasnipchandler's,andpresentedaletterofintro- Thistoanothermystery,andsuggestsanotherquestion,Scruggs,ofFauquiercounty,nowacandidatefortheof-Mr.BennettisauniversalfavoritewithallwhoknowrowonUieriverTyne,atNewcastle.Thefollowingiabigconsummated.From London he went with bis vessel on a trading voy-age to the Pacific ocean; hut the owners of the vessel cothto withdrawal from the Montgomery Guard, which w a sall *a the bask of the people. It is no small milter tobe " a thousand miles from anywhere" to the days ofamine. Take my word for it, the Mormon chief* are inearnest about the famine, and they will as earnestly see the bark Jane a myth.a thepreservationofthe"staffofhie"againsttheday Aboutsixweekpriortohnadventuresintheyacbtef predicted wrath. These aatters are not so very pri Wanderer, he came to this city with a letter of introduc- chapter that wdl throw more light on U a real character action at Harper's Ferry, and undertaking the manage statue of Washington. inaugurated here nearly two yearsvase and npisaailn iliij are frequently set forth a theTabernacle, and accompanying them is the recommenda-tion a let Uncle Sam feed ha "hired soldiery, who camea cut our threats, hut the lord wenldnft let them," Thereport* from some of the eettlemena support the move-saentforthepreeervauonofthegrainhowinhands. AtSpanmh Fork, a Mtttoment which had bad an average next thing he employed a master and mate, and of neglect, and his children to the chances of tbe world. every one famihar with the events connected with thai yearly lorpha of forty thousand btishe s of grain, the openly told them that he was going to send the vessel Beed married when he was very young. His wife waa a invatton. as well as the sentiments and feelings of thesettlers have not raised more than encash, if even that on a elave voyage to the coast of Africa. He latterly young lady of Wilbraham, Mass., and by her he bad people whose righa were so grossly violated, and peace much, this year. This and other aeitlemena attri- went to the *ail)ofl or T. D. Wilder, 143 South street* and three children—one of them is now a young woman, mar- so wantonly disturbed, that the presence and influence of bute the deficancy to the rising of alkali a the desired to have a full suit of sails made for bto brig. Mr. ried, and a resident of New Haven; the other two were Gov. Wiee alone prevented the hoisting upon Uie spot cf surface of the ground, which entirely destroys ail vegeU- Wilder proceeded with Dresnerto the brig, and whileon boyr, nowgrown up, and clerks in SpringHeld—one, we the standard of disunion, and other excesses which would aou It seems that the greater portion of the Territory the way the latter represented himself as Lincoln Patten, believe, in a bank, and the other in a store. The wife of involve tbe most serious consequences. Every citizention to a respectable ship chandler, representing himself to be the owner of a brig, lying at a pier in the Bast river, and desired to purchase stores for a voyage. He then proceeded to an upholsterer, and employed him to refurnish the cabins of the brig, and also employed a clothiertomakethreehundredsuiaofclothes.TheIt is a fact not generally known that ate wife, who Uveaat West Springfield, and for whom much sympathy hasbeenexpressed,tonothiefirstwife,butawomanwith indeed,shewouldnothaveproclaimeditfromtheram- whomReedmanyyearsagoeloped,leavinghiswifetodie partsofUaarsenalatHarper'sFerry. IttoconcededbyThe Virginia statute for the suppression of incendiarydocuments sent through Uie mails, is being ntaidly en-forced, m reference particularly to tbe New Yorx tribuneand other abolition sheets of that stamp. Every number,Iunderstand,tocommittedtotheflamesuponiarecep-tion at any of the country Post Offices. Whether this rate afterwards be won the champion scullers' mot at Boston, awaits exchange papers o r not, I a m not aware. T b e beating Doyle, Whitman a n l Wells, o f Uat city, and h a rule will probably b e made to apply to a l . old opponents, Daw,of New York, and Haneon. of New-The full history of Edwin W . Beed'a rascalities has fortunate that Wise was at Uie head of affairs in the late neverbeenwritten,andweproposeheretosupplya crisis,fortohispromptnessinhurryingtotheaaeneofof this accomplished seducer and most plausible rogue. We derive the facto from authentic sources.ment of alfairs there, waa due tha happy termination, at least la a comparative sense, of that memorable event. Virginia would to-day, instead of being peacefully legis- lating in her Capitol here, be busy planning dissolution, If,ago, with great pomp and parade.he was arrested by an officer and token to the Tombs, to State, who with her husband kept the poor house at Wil- has not since led an exemplary life. Tbe close of the.r i ronsJEB into action the conservative elements of theanswer a charge for obtaining goods on false pretences. braham when Reed's first wife was thrown into those term of incarceration would doubtless find them depraved J country. Heretofore these ^lemena were entirely in-that they would be sent for when t h e cane came up for saw Mrs. B . die. The sympathy which has been expend- 40 BrigfaamCtty.. .00 examination. The witnesses were not sent for, and it was ed for the present Mrs. Reed, ou account of her husband's28' North WUlowC. 63Farmington 17 OgdeuHote 46 Cache Valley...80 subsequently discovered that Dresser bad been discharged debaucheries, will not be increased by these revelations, emerged. Many of those whom the Governor bas par j Ilrovtn and his confederates, could have aroused them.aanyoftheo*dartttosnenaandpUntmguemanewin alreadylandedseveralcargoesinthebarksNiagara, putonanairofinjuredinnocence,andcontrivedtopot UieroomofUieSecretoryofStatetoexamineUarecordsCache valtey. I am informed that some of the Mormon au- Ocean Tyrant, Frances Ellen and several other vessels. aborities froa thte pace have gone tha week to organisedown the suspicion, a most esses. A ll this time Miss in this ease. He evideuUy saw nothing Uat could justify Kendall was living at South Boston, where she had a himfit pardoning,tor on hto return be informed the poor child by Reed—Ua little girl of four years, whose re- woman, with marked indications of regret, Uat he couldB iBaa"etan*of Hon." Two of Ui» apostles, Hyde and In the hurry of leaving Savannah he took neitherBenson. I belave, have gone there, wfth aatrnctaia to chronometer, charts, nor nautical almantc, and w e cognition of her father in jail, a fortnight since, so affected not pardos ber husband. She aat in the office for a con-ajuaJn s piaawtoat and tan nnianin-rr( -rr"*i *-nrbabnea, sarht babosaV oonaaltora, and a court of appeal or high eanail, composed tf twelvs of Ua principal settlers This la the valley a which Brtgham secommended Ute army,-were compelled to go entirely by reckoning. On the tbe bystanders who witnessed that scene. Hearing at siderable time after, and at length, rising from her seat,Pilot, and a chart of the coast of Florida, for whichproperty, Reed induced the poor girl, who still -'Governor, eon I go tee my husband? 'loved him with all a woman'a affection, to go home "Certainly," said the Governor, "and test you may be to Granby and get ber portion of U a money. This he disappointed, I will give an order to U a Superintendent of subset)uently got possession of. Soon after she had made the penitentiary to admit you." H a thereupon wrote anorder to secure ber the privilege of admittance."Hew did you come here?" said the Governor.'•I walked Uie whole way from Loutoa." was the reply. "You walked the whole way, aixty miles?""T*s, sir.""How are you going to get back?"lation n o w contemplated by the Southern Legislatures. ( J . B . ) At u a Royal Thames National regatta t h e aame Virginia is determined that her system of military defence year Chambers won the scullers prise, beating George shall be at complete as skill and money can make it This Drewitt. Rkbard Finer, Frederick Lett and Woodland.t. rvdooraay* 5***«ad ikw p a c eaatM*saag rt^jj?*?****wantedtoeeoompaeb. Be •easeltocarrytagsail,sometimesdrivingbertwentyknot* victimofReed'spassions—agoodlooking Irish girl,who andhandedittoher. Theyboththenleft,Uiewomanut-and recommend such measure* as the exigency of Cuthbert plate he won,beating John H.Cteaper;tend Uie case may require. with John H. Ciasper, Wtnship, aad Henry Caspar, totTbe inqutrv under this resolution will involve a won the Patron plate for four-oared bona, with ease. A t settlement ef 'Ua conflict of opinion between tae Presi- the Royal Thames National regatta thto year, with Harryaanitv aai » * • a ? *5L *he good of tha Mormon *rmVtoaa^awaj^«£*» uVtina arrimft>r*£ l idaring thedifftoubas^W^jhT migration <dtae saleMormoncommunity tottwlEad ofPapon,mnewan boar. Oa the afternoon of the 6th we made U a island was there living with her babe, the evidence of her shame vering heartfelt thanks Aw the favor just received. S h e of Fares, making the voyage in fifteen days. 0 a and Bead's guilty arts. Finding how things were, Mr. bad scarcely closed the door of the office on ber retiringWbenDeaoon Kendall's daughter. Miss Laura Kendall, disappeared, suspicion began to fasten upon htm; but hestate of tbiLgs under Uie new policy of exclusion which Isbeing adopted. Commercial alienation will be establishedtoanextentthatwillbringtotbeminrii:ofUieNortha Korth,butIdsfriendsLOWoonsidermgthahewould full aenae of the disasters which would follow a thorough eventually perhaps be good enough to row for the coam- annihilation of the intertrade between the two sections. pionebtpuf Uie Thames, determined to procure h im e m - They will thus be brought to realize more fully Uie advan ployment on Uie water. This was accordingly done, a n d tages of tbe Union, and a salutary effect is looked for from his rowing soon materially improved. W e next bear of thispolicy. Be aasured, notwithstanding the hopesof ulti- him in June, 1868, wben at Durham regatta he won tha23d of October be boarded the ship Troy, of Boston, length of Deacon Kendall's death, and that he aaidj— ^ * and succeeded in buying an epitome, Bltint's Coast had willed to Laura a handsome share of his -'mate benefit from Brown's raid, now entertained, that no Cuthbert plate, a sculler's prise, defeating young Ciasper relaxation will take place in Ihe rigorona system of tegtoUat be bad writtento him, and be bad not. Beed had added this gratuitous falsehood to bis other bad aata.Wben Laura's brother, Howard Kendall, o f Grsnby, went to South Boston to get the body of bis unfortunate sister, he waa directed to premises occupied b y anotherThe Governor gased upon thepity and surprise. He searched his pockete for some money, b a t found none, whereupon h e wrote an order for a sufficient amount to pay the passage of the woman and boy home, and purchase a pair of these for the b o y ,in n oexecutiveofficeo no n eocca-assurance of this character will stay the determination of the South to place itecu' on a formidable footing of defence. Resistance to any further aggression seems new the dis- tinctive motto of every Southern man, no matter of whatWandsworth, this race arising out of U a scullers match) In the regatta at Putney. Tbey rowed for £ 1 0 0 a side from Putney to Mortiake. Ratpn took the toad aad kept ittoFinch's,wbenChamberscameup, andfora short time they were scull aad scull. A t Craven, however ,Bearing the settlement of Santa Crux we fired guns, and Kendall told the girl that Reed had then a wire and wb/!f h<L°£,erT?d " ^ ta W0UM P**««> her husband.were boarded by the English Consul, Ua chief magistrate children living in West Springfield, hut the girl stoutly re- ***f." »ald h«> "heto toftthere mat poor woman and herand a pilot. Patten then produced a false clearance of the fused to believe a word of this. Mr. Kendall then told children will starve before tbe winter ia out" The prison government to preserve Ua peace between sister States. mersmith and Shakapere crewa in his heat, and in thavessel, under tha name of the Wil!am,of Savannah,bound to Smyrna, stating that he had lost sails, water,provteions, spars, kc, galley and the chronometer, andasking for a supply of pi i itoaas, water and Sjsara, whan (the Irish girl) was,a victim of Read's debaucheries. unheeded. He takes Ua responsiWlty, and is Utile oon-Neither party, however, will be bound by the committeea interpretation upon thte subject The only effect of thto movement will be to form the baste of some united action on the part of the South, giving such an authoritative con-final heat bore off the Four-oared fatamaton prise, beat- ing Kelly's, the Hammersmith a n d t h e Western crews. AttheManchester andSatford regatta.hewonUaVic- tor ia prise for scullers, beating John H. Ciasper, E. Moor bouse, and F. G. Barratt: and with Harry Casper, John H. Casper, and Wtnship, won the Pomonaprise.Hi* nest and last match was with Henry Keily of Ixmdc for $1,000 aside and the chaapanahip of the Thamee. wat rowed in September tost, on Uat river, and was <in clever style \>j Chambers, thus acquiring for him the proud title of Champion Oarsman ef Great Britain.A contest between these two celebrated oarsmen would create an intense latereat ta thto coantry,aad aa tha f^Hltohman bas volunteered to row on our magnificentthey agreed to tot him have. The vessel aid here five days a n d obtained t h e promised supplies. Tbemagto- •*ana becoming asaatawan, Captain Patten on Ua sixth **Mhe.vag the night before $mo#*led two woaan on £""*} stopped from tha harbor, leaving one man behind. STM*^°»jny a dollar for his supplies, and took away*»*">•» the island against their will. He made no KM»IZr, r*** "SBisland atgoadinisptotsheiorfwthilel.woHmeenmoanaetnhoe'b^^taad "aacatvEi "•^•lra, and on the 7th day made village called Point dewoakt shoot tdas himinsochaOk the aw ofthapoorgirl wascompletelyovercome bythto revela tan of her seducer s guilt and her own doom.£L, ^° "tr***.* *"*— •"« ***• »» *»» **» "••n cernedaboutwhatthepublicthinksaatohiacourse.•kwaanawaaskessaher that hit own visit to South Boston was to recsver all that was mortal of his own sister, at that moment lying a corpse in Uat neighborhood, and who had been, a s s h eer was at home as soon as the woman herself. Such iayears old, will probably be adopted Into a family IIvine in Tariflville, near Granby—friends of the little girl's deadReed's marr-ed daughter in New Haven annua still ta love her father, *nd clings to him with aU filial affection, in spite of the revelations or his wrong doing. She is said tobeawomanof strong character. as waa indeed shown by her resolute behaviour during the trying scene in thaJail, when the little girl was brought ta to recognise her father before the assembled families of the seducer t a d hto victim.is still in jail in Boston. H e w a s broughtthe Grand Jury on Tuesday, bat nobody would go bail for him. Thejamountof ball required is $1,600. It tland that Mrs. Reed wdl declare, in order tofromthe'ebarie tfeduBery, thattheywerenevafjajajry married. But theirpubnc confession of marriage, by liv. tag at man and wtfttar twenty years., w in prevent such a p a a from kvaUtoi anything, even tfposBtveprerfcfthe Barrage isnotforthcoming Theevidence ef Reed*s vtata to Mtos Kendall at Bosun, m the character of herfla JTtogtataenfh* aWaktog State tf Affai jaaaarstoos sjaakwaday shsjatthorwawsstamto/rom Alabama to Aioertm* tk* JTlan for * MUtimy Or en Virginia—a /few Amorg a btare In keeping with the views of Governor -Wise upon the subject, i t i t probable that Congressional action will b e urged, a order to giveUasn.kgatative force. Theoom mittee to which the subject baa been referred comprise men who are vary competent to decide upon questions af this character. The majority of them are lawyers of Uie first standing in Uie CommonwealthThe flag displayed at the late Union meeting held iabore away for two other barks, and at tour*the bark Jenny, of Marseilles, which agi-eed"tott!Ltataedaaand. Patten launched a boat, aad, wdna. S fmen.boardedthevessel WekaptouourenaanTaaZS hwabund,andatooofhtoBupplymf ^^"Wtod*- respondence,tbequestionofarepealoithoselawsisin sail, and ateered to (he eastward. determined to leave hat fray her necessary expenses, to said to b e abundant, di-aatefully "•*""•"•ftWgjW^^**—aadgivethevesseluptotbetawsaftheCattedflaawT !*mtailconclusive to be made thekanaof disunion byHIRSWlhBBTATl^ " a i s - V i r ^ , Liberty aad ladepeudei^ >Tha aext.day we mad* Ma aattawaaaaaf itw Canary group, and thence eanstaand ear course tor Boston.[From the Beaten Traveller, Tfca. 271 Atthisvesselisthe wootieroftbeday—therepresentaliveofagnat principle—theprincipleoftbe rrrivaloif not all, of the Southern States; and itHonw.—It .8 reported thai the lato restdeito* ia the apprehension growing out of this fact thatSicTheletters forming Uieinscription aregold uponagroundofourewAitesilk lbs*.fe<ifred,whiteandblue and forty-two $60,080 and upwards. Mnnyor Utaea failgracefullyfromUielowerpartoftheflag,andgivethe enumeratedOWTDtwiceasmuchpropertyoutsidetatbe2*2: *• Gardaer, deceased, on Pleasant street, in,i*tababecameahauntedhouse.Strangenoteeatabat suggested the pobcy of sending Governor Wiseuponthiserrandofpeace,UatbemayinducetbeNorthergLegislaturestoexpungethoselawsbeforetheDualThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069DacawBca, 1*39. J Memphis, Tenn . is asseaaed at and above $.20,000. It ap- pears Utat three own property to Uie amount of over aUntitled Document*»**d,aadallsortsofaobgobJtathingsarehalf a million; twelve over tiOt.OOO; fifteen over $76,000,WiRicBnoro, •?•., Dee. It, loot.The little daughter ot Uura Kendall, now about four Effort*to Od Voternor Wise to Adireu the Legidaturt* if the committee's mtorpretottoB oi thea* powers and dutiescf JfCUar, Tbe policy of aeading Governor Wise to address thelasalaturesof such of the Northern States as have upon thato statute books laws in oonllict with Uie constitution o f the United States is discussed here by prominent men of all parties. The repeal of those laws would tend more to allay Uie datruat now existing here in reference to the North, and furnish stronger hope of future peace between thetwosections,thanalltheUnionmectlngathatcouldlieV*se.,dte,Philadelphia hat bean presaated to Gov. Wtoe by Ua citi-zens or that city, and » now deposited in U a Stateroom JHudhon, w e trust that bto challenge will be accepted.« Mr. Andrew Hunter-Mhdio*held for a year hence. As I have stated in a former cordraped with rich white silk, fringe iwomana n db o y withrt would require the consent ef these Lagtotatnres to at BOlittle expense. It was carelully inapected by aeve-consent, apartfrom the peculiar character of ha mtoswo. tars, whteh wasto have keen beta on Thaasdaw night hat,have beet made acquainted with i t1 understand that a movement a on foot to induce toelegislatures of the several Southern States to appointeighteenandtwenty-fivewillbecompelledtoserve. By afterthetdmonttkastoincreasedvigilancesuggestedbyNew England, while it hat, in addition, the advantage of water communication with the mining regions of WesternSporting Intelligence.MOKI INTERNATIONAL MATCHBH—CHALLSNGB PROMSuccessful in all their matches to thto country, their Ion fortune has probably stimulated ether English Tbebill appropriatingonehundredthousanddollars,a gentlemanly commanders ofOUTvolunteer corps,and professorsofmanlysportstochallengeustotrialsofskill.mans untold of the history of this mysterious vessel sinceshe became a slaver . T h e name painted on her stern a tpresent is "William," in large white letters, but there is of Delegates, and read a first and second time. It will much felt by that company.copy ef which I furnished you on yesterday, was report- ed back to-day b y the Committee o f Finance o f Uie Houseoriginally organized under his auspices, will be veryJustasourAmericanrepresentativehastoftourshoresto) battle manfully for the championship of England, a bold defi comes sounding across Uie Atlantic from tha champion oarsman of Great Britain to tbe champion of Ua American waters, challenging him to row a match on hit own river, the noble Hudson, for $2,600 a aide and the cfaamptonabiaA bill it now before the Legislature forming a new insist upon hto continumg ta office. Mr. Bennett a the of the world. He will come over here and row Uie match,Since the foregoteg was in type, we have received a despatch from Bath, which states that Captain Lincoln Pat-ten"basbeenathomefor sometime, seen and known dolph, tobecalled'-Webstercounty." Itwasto-dayor- of tbe author of a certain article writtencounty out of Uie counties of Nicholas, Braxton and Ran- gentleman to whose demand for the nameeither in May or June, providing h e Is allowed the sum o t $600 ror liiseJpenses; or be will allow the American cham- pion the same amount if be will go over to England a n dThe presence of Caldwell, the black republican Sena- burg. Whether he will accept U a English oarsman'sdent and Governor Wise on the duty of the federal Ciasper, John H. Ciasper, and Wtaehto, he bent tha Ham-of Ua Capitol at this place. It ia made of blue and white COur American champioa has many a time and oft maai- silk, rather square in form, and to fattened to a pole of Ua pcatosntoa of extraordinary rowing abilities, aome twelve or fourteen reet in length. On a ground of and we do net know one more capable of rsnranwtmgrich blue eilk are inscribed tbe following gilt tetters:—the of Uie United State* than Joshua Ward. T h a money could readily be raised, and the natrons of aquatic sporashouldatone*accept thechallengeandcauseUie rcantolto arrangements to be made A river betas adapted far the scene of such an important Internet anal contem than U a Hudson cannot be found, and we bept thaitheFaglisbchampion's terms aetoexpenses,whtoto are reasonable, will be Immedately agreed to. Whataaf theEmpireCityRegattaCisbtotheEngltohchallenge?Tax"SOLIDMm"onMavrae,Taa—The Aoaicncke, publishes a lite of peraoaa, the value of whose property i aSsBabwBB»w»B»w»s$stotStaB*a»*t>»***>**••*»to.*•»*»n#fl-r<-e 'ff TUBTJhlUll FOREVER.JSgttSttjnVtt*<ksFw»w>ww>asa>JITJMTJJ imatfg&f*www.fultonhistory.comcorporate limits of the city. 