 ^ovx onr obabxtibs—mo> q.Vk* Kew-Tnk jr«Te«ne A^hni.In m previous trticle we have given a sketch of tte Uatory ud pranat eoadltlon of the HouMofBlty.fivewereSeventy-ffth-^_»., .^,_, _—^^-^ ^^- hUfe-bit, tfKii* this caa be niiiii^l doAahli cheek«>i^dw thalwl(haCokMener.MIt«llktoMMaIt. Smt^M It |MeiKlr«ta» tt» liM ftoaMfc Iftat iM|s|ne^k7andwho are Hence, we tee'fato crime. The work of roKTilag these around hU neck with a .tri..g. »»<»;"!""7 ?'!^ coat and trow^And here let me pay a dceerred tribute to tha cbaraoler and dIspeeiUon of Ihe much-abused oeonle of Sonora. I presume aoione entertains the ioea that Mexicans are natturtJIy friCDdly to Amencant la a polltleal point of view. Ia every tttstaace It e&a, I tbiBfc, be ahowntoattheb friendthip maybe tracedto toterett or necessity, and It Is always the party aet toor Hopeless, Is one of Chils-er. are b<rth a. ragged as U.eyat our hands the meed of pnlse.iKt there Is another class of ddldren still more de-two streak, of « lighter hue th«i .he rest of Ms checks, indicating Ihst he ha- recenUy shed somett as moeta danger of behig lad Into a vldons lifeTreaturet't ttroag box beside him ageod half ^Bkawhom we mStS^Hmjt^^i whose tattered, filthy K.r-inquiriesemployafterwards, complala,It Is well Imown toat tbe party niider Capt Snax were organized to aacordance with a contract of J.-Fraapeiiac. Corretftndenee qf Ukt Ne»- Tori Timet.FaaaABBS Po, Monday, Vov. 28, ISM.toe steameras now to tight, outside toe harbor. The Spanlih available for Bohool pupAiefl jutt (2IM><». latttotBIttitnimmM, peddlers acd beggsr>.bis parentagehistory,he Isdismissed,per-apanl. ^tjlf^ttmm tola year as last by the Stoto LegialatarBir Bat, alliu toe apprtqartotlons were laiade, rnrttln piin haain afpooTto of their parents by the afstosee, and who, deprivedbut is told to be still, and In two or three niglits finds cating evil habits, and tmplanttog good motives and a of toe lands.tta you great haste, go by English first moneyt received by the. Board of Wartttap ta^Isolmlkntcoming habits,kindlyemeigeacy toe Board aprer fir a amuieaC dnaa'af asktog tlie I.ctfalature .to soiae to thetr aarittaw^ but toll together several edasaes into one, aoapead. Aa Ctitoete School, and put toe whote systeai ogoajwf that footiOK of expenditures which wiH leave t|ia Board wltoont a dollar Indebtedneet at the ead dftt* fitcal year, June 30, 1860.The Dashawayt were jutt a year eld yaatatdaf'* They celebrated Uieir second birtliday wlto tfmtl^a,snd a new haal of memiiers.home the brig Emily, on or about the 8to Inst She yon may remember, was to aa engtoe-hoote, srSiMat g^plrfaraBts, the prompting of their own evil pro-bySwnptfl-, now here from a cruise on toe coast Shebrtogt toe news of the escape of the Wanderer, witofi^e,Mat and the guilty, and to affix a stigma on their One suchtook the American J. members, of whom very few after tlx "'"-«>^ triU briggrants.Another party, the supporters, patrons, and advo-the river. There is a French slave oratreunions, their toetalSchooltinyoaBK,efenwheninclinedtowrong-lolng,regard tbs acBdiiv such cliildren to the West, without spe- cial prevloos training, as a liazardous experiment. Tlkey cooBsider it necessary to congregate them at first ia aa Asylum, to cleansa them from their fiUhiness and ragi, break up their vicious and impropL^r hai>. Us, accustom them to moderate restraint, otcrcomeai- dists unite to tlilt cuttom, bat the aafi officers, Bptseopaliaaiand exaiaple, and by the winning power of love, to atoem what education can, too toeyothers,youTripler Hall,drawli^siiortar period, they deem these objects accomplished, they iadeatnre them to masters at the W^est or eise- wberc,seekingthosefamiUesforthe puipos*where ihey will Iw under the best ol influences.widch they could to fit them for farm engageingrepetition*.Butier, Isaac T. Hopper, Charles Partridge, LatherBraaiiii, Christojdier Y. Wempie, Charles O'Conor,John D. Ross, John Duer, Peter Cooper, Apollos R,Weimote, Frederick S. Winston, James Kelly, SilasC.Heiriog,RensselaerK.Havens,andJohnW.Ed- healthytone,Dr.Baooxsprovidesaliberalamountofshould rather, we think, be considered attoterest upon the capital invested,) as from (50 to (60; but toe children are retaired for an average period of more tb-an toree years, and toe— toe otlicrs yet, followingpeacefulnut wishing to addT» Ike tutor the Nev-York Tmet: of••monds. The charter provided, that whenever it should be proved to the Soperrisors of the City and County of New-York that 50,000 had been raised by private johaciiption for the purposes of said Asylum, thewhite bread, soups, <bc., and sends the chil- dren to bed at 6 o'clock in Winter and 8 u'ciuck in Summer.dren improve in health and strength very rapidly. Two or three hours a day are devoted to play in the open air, except in bad weather, when they occupytarilyto the worldand we abandon the mterests for whichception for thefollowingcausesUaroarnsATa—person. broughttbeie was little doubt in the minds of of us of anyaad Wa Freaefc later. 'Time, r      qu^espa^of^Ie«^to «Ja'"r'eira,itjs:"?rA-«'^'^:1.-tliat If, when, owinj to the crimes or intemperanceher beicg a slaver: yet from same cause or other sheVTasblnctaa IrvlBCfortignert. t*tjjkjMMM|b>ip«M>tliP> *feueaUs iii,through the Ho^ranUcefiat t^a 9l»reporMvTher*"^ a B0r#tn(7#n JBiit to iUc* tfi the <Mp6t of *e West tijUiiiiftil, of Wtieh Iktte ar«Sit(rem thaU a wMk Om feaWMH ecelartw Kmp,comeato the o4R of Kb EAoT,pe flpellate^benefita thein of a tttUe dirty nrchin, ent, charge aTriBceate,his temptaUoB ahd falU He Is that be is really pealtent, aneertalalrshuffling along in sboea a world too wide, but wttaSeAiie to which a ves-te JavanUa Dellnqaentt, an Institation de-andmitted to play with the other boys, if it is not schoolhours. At supper time he has a plain, wlioleaome acknowledging theandnot to these only, but to meal, probably the best he has eaten for months and this state ment wito street children, we cannot agree Mexico, :;l^^adtaiploringly2eMa.o»es tolhe hovels, cellars and garrets of the for the first time, posaibiy, in years, he sleeps on a with him as to the results of toe Instruction we havesur- doraato of toe States of Sinaloa and Somra," tlie expense to be paiddtyicrlp, which repreaMitei fheyears' Irifliac debts,, aad. wfekkwat net payahia fmsome time yet got a law. i^ataed ap tl ptop aMagwhom life has been but a bitter straggle for bed. Thesensatlon is new to liisa, and he is restless- detailed. The influence of toe law of love, to eradi- veyhand of death, or the stem necessity of the bimeelf It In the if it is found that he the ofIt far toan by per centage publicI WTito mall vi3m to theiananMatawa, are pining in hunger and wantliking morning, powerhas acquired, in his street life, any vicious or unbe- that of aeveiltygreaterto the truant, and uogovemable children of parents whvkave assumed a parent's responalbiliUes wiihoutand taking tbe families of any por-havingreported;he IssnfGcient, but the probability is it will not be.bread and water is theonlyother at the punishmentway, veryfew are lost and the results tous sight of,canhoar af ••admonished. Thismay country. West theyHe will rage, we do not believe toat in one of a hundred willtive female nurses watch over them. hoursarethesameasin the public schools, viz. Six hours daily, except Wednesday and Saturday, and all the teachers, except the principal, are femaleswho be fed mightgardening,;ensuing Winter, to the Legislature for a char-ter for a Juvenile Asylum, to be located in theCitr of New-York. On the 30th of Jane, 1831, theact of incorporation was passed. The corporatorsaaooed ia ti>e act weie Kottert B. Minturn, MyadertVan Scbaick, Robert M. Stratton, Solomon Jenner,AJU>ett Gilbert, Stewart Brown, Francis £. Tiilou. the influence of well-educated, earnest, devotedDavid 8, Kehnedy, Joseph B. Collui3, Benjamin F. Christian women is brought to bear upon tlie chil- liouteof Refuge reports the annual expense, afteras from a natire Queen to toe Queen imagine yourself at home if hSare to-day, presc-nteo^—women who this work as their regardStateand Througbout the establishment, wherever it is possible to do so,of great service to them subsequently.planks replaces the ratUe of stone paveiaeala.has but theToe Champion arrived, Vanderhllt maSsteamer still lags behind—now eiglit days Imlieraar oftoeoppoiilionboat! GLABGIIS.who engage in it because they love italthough fullyto as compared wilh other Institutions and that the order is in open violation of tlic solemnplain but nutritious food, meat in M)me form, [once awhich thirteen months since he volun-day, good; whileareaow express purpose of fonalig confhder.tioa 1 raalaC< f rising are 6 o'clock in Summer, and over to the managers of the Asylum toward the 7 o'clock in Winter, Under this regimen, the chil-prosecution treated toe movement to aSupervisors payshould raise (50,000 more by tax, andandgmwinproducersway precedenterection of the necessary buildings, &c., for the Asy-lum, and required the same Board to pay a sum, notexceeding $40 per aimum, for each child belonging in-the County, and the Commissioners of Emigration to paythetamesumforthosechildrenchargeableupon mentsarefewandslightwhere they are placed, andup asThe hoursagam chargeableto eitoer at the Juvenile it,now look daily for lier arrival here, expecttog beside her, toe vessels of the United Stetes African squadron,it being the mtentian of Commodore Ikmaii to liave a congregation of the vessels of the same, at this potot Our stay at Monrovia was short but passably agree-the furtoerofhostilities.large play-roomsgroundour reception byonthefloor. Thethe Superintendent regardstoe ktod. people,America tooftoeChildren'sAid 1898, on condition of raising equal sums by subscrip- and to their teachers and matron their errors and their msny advantages but for the streethad sure evidence in our totercoursc with Liberians.;many personal received by us at their and your bauds,to see America afloat.Essentiallysupposedthe inculcation of high moral principles of action, both by precept and example, as a more eflicicnt plan for etadicating vicious or heedless habits and prac- tices, than frequent or severe puoishmcnts. Everytooritytrary to notorious facte,their funds. This allowance was raised, in IS5i, to $60,and, in 1658, to 975, on the part of the Supervisors.As the original sum of (100,000 was founl insufSclenifor the erection of suitable buildings and the purchaseof tlie necessary grounds for the institution, two fur- boy is addressed as My son," and every girl aa My pour, and toe children uncontaniinated with street thergrantsofi^20,0OOeachweremadein1856and daughter,"andall^areencouragedtoconfidetohim theI subscni e mvself with much respect.Your obndlent servant, CU.\S. P. STONE.Capt. Siosi and parly arrived on the frontier witblnSuperintendent by simple, familiar lectures, enforcesandstance, had the «aiM predteJyand be to and if he does he is as healtofol and moral Influence be exerted at thatafter the massacre of Csabb and his 111-Catedparty, wito in;Iha'kaowledge or skill to perform them aright very likely transgress again,IB UiM* who aie already se far on the highway of again admonished, and told tliat for a tiiird offence he eild^ ha terbtdQlge in petty pilfering at the command will be punished. This he doef not believe, forhcBor of the Urto-day of Prtoce Ai. heir apparent to toe throne. A salute under instructions from toe Chief of Commlsslonf was fired at noon, and answered the U. S. steamerhe bas been used to tiireats aU his life ;"yikMt shall be done for these children f To leave is promised a whipping, he will sorely get it.ptMHWtor the suggestion of older rogues.but his com- rades tell hlin that be had better be careful, for if heto send out from time to of time, companieslanded at different points on toe coast, and wherever practicable penetrated Into toe toterior.The difficulties to be met and overcome were nu- merous. It was an American commission, and, owtog to toe llilbuster movements of Wautia aad otoers, and to the treatment widch Sonorians liad re- ceived in Callfomia, toe people were prepared to re- ceive anything American to an unfriendly manner.concerned to to- vlttog CsABB to the country endeavored to dissemi- nate tbe idea toat it was a fillibuster movement, and, there is reason to believe. Incited toe Indians to hos- while anotoer hostile element was toe fraudu-thMtttnu tmcaied for, pressed by want and hunger, sUmnlMed to sin by precept and example, and sur- MOaited'bT temptation, is to suffer them to swell the xmbof the anny of criminals, and make our City in a liirw y«an a gfeat lasar-houae of pollution, villainy, aalltB. To deliver tbem over to the House of Ref-He again, and he is punislied, but not at tiie time of committing the offence, nor even in anger. He is made to feel that it is a painful duty on theAsylumtheir best children to the West, to be there todentured to such masters as, from toe moet careful toqnlry, they regard suited to have the charge of such cidklren. Six sears of experience have increased tneir cautionSCO slaves on board toan 600.;also toe Cygnet, with oraretransgressesthe amiiHirt has been made to answer it in two ways,by the philanthropic n)en and women of ourClty. One taught to read, if lie has not already learned. Por- past are very gratifying. From 80 to 85 per cent, Commission—never hoping to gato toeir friendshiprallyHouse ofReception.far,language is alike adaptedyears,been guilty of theft, and saveral of habitual falsehoodtreatment, nouriy expected.openlarge gatoeiing In.riouB people-as earnest as if Ufe depended behavior, as full of zeal as to the first monto ofHe enters the school and isin the case of those todentured within twoparty hare taken tlie position that the family, and tions of the Scriptures, aucti, for instance, as the com- (the officers say more,) are dotog well only;espeidally the family In the country, offer the most ef- mandments, the Lord's prayer, the tidrd chapter of merely avoidint Impiisonment, but conducting toem- beento bewhat we can leam of its management.From the first organizadon of the Juvenile Asylum,its Board of Managers have taken the position that it was to be regarded as a home and not as a prison. They have been careful, therefore, to avoid, both in the construction and management, everytblag whichtoe land wltotoetwoHouses. Thecome, for tills boy and others with tiim,trans-laborto toegirl* and boys aretendencies, give litem a rudimeului y ed- might give to the children any idea of stem prison-dustrialof the children, toe ahottnesa of the lime toey spendto fiill.Orrioi CiiiEf OF C011111S8I05, (tbflvocatloa, and above all, to influence them, by preceptvagrantlike restraint This view of the^proper character of thebas been made still more prominent under lila of morality and purity. When, after a longer or the administration of the present SuperintendentOnmy retom,however, I shall visit that as factory,from St Paul deBOX,and soceries that used to fillwitchailaeto Msof the last twohostilities wereenthusiasm by an eloquent and gifted WTiter, has to impart instruction te him and his fellows. His The average annual expense, per head, of toe chil- part of the Stole.IIfound msny adherents, and the Society entertaining child-heart throbs with new emotions and ideas ; dren in toe two establishments, tbe Asylum andit has sent out numerous companies of youthful emi- hope rises in his breast he will ;discoverer of toe river, Duao Cak. It is built of mar- branch Societiet established.be somebody, House of Reception, for the past year, Is (95 39. From and the "real ladies" that come to teach him shall this there is no deduction to be made for the proceedshigh,surmount-countries,Fraace, I thiakAtylumThere are no punishment cells, a plain brick wall, easily scaled, incloses the play-grounds for the chil-dren, and a partition wall separates those of the one sex from the other. In the school-room and the din-well asSia—1 have to acknowledge toe receipt tills even- Loando. giving a history of my visitit inunencely. Standing-room is hard to lieoMdartthe two sexes meet Their studies areour business is now with the pursued together, they recite in tbe same classes. The mechanicalPalmas to Loando.in the trade calculate toat if even three out of four prices.Of tlie practical working of the iiriit plan, we willing-room,prudentof forty days withto which said order must be com- G toe fourth willfor toeirThe English surveying steamer Rainbow is lyingspeak at another time second.affecttog somewhat rooky;but if toeoftoeAsylumscouldbereducedtoamore pliedwith,andthatyouaisodesiremotoIn 18S0, the necessity of doing something for therescue of these poor and unfortunate ctiildren weighedso strongly upon the minds of many of our ptiilan-thropic citizens, tliat an application was made, thegroundsarable condition, and a few acres more added, we believe the children might be advantageotuly em-cate said ott.er to tlie various members of this Com- mission.pay handsome profit besides.chinicB'Institutehas2,700volumeadormitories are not cells but large, well-reatllated, pleasant rooms, where fifty or seventy-five beds arecommmimi- ulf,loss,and leave aOdd Fellows' Library has 6.000 vulnmet;If the children are slok, there are three or four hospital rooms, where kind and atten-placed together.a finalwithtoelawsoftoeland Niger. Shewasfireduponbytbenativestoland,and ItisNew-Year'sday—speaUagteculariy;yetof at their schooldancers. Tlaayof him. The tiiae has of the labor of the children. A few of toenot have cause to be ashamed older boys,enteringThe school ;ployedin marketor to toe care of animalsmission,The expense, per bead, reallybut it is not foreigners from the countryaware land.Tlie I'nited States steamer San Jacinio was spokenail well on board. The Consultation was lying at anchor to the Congo. Z.punish-and citizens to add permanenttheir or tbe trade,ableAfrica was.\merican to fecUng, the people of Monrovia welcome gladly every new-comer from your side of toe water as one from home, for such toey will persist to re-•' '* judicious;derness.) Capt. S. immediately left for Washington, as sweet music to toe dweller to Africa; of this we tke further prosecution of hostilities"—nor for aaycut versus Whitman Mead, which was tiled FaitiMd, January, IS31, aad which liss been often pshUshad.Toward toe close of toe testimoay, la wUeh Mr. Shzehah stoted fully and frankly the cbjeela, aa 'MB as toe proceedings of tlie CouventioB, wa have Ihe fetthat the present number of children la 430aad laeorporated in their charter, comemplated two stay in the Institution is only one year; but theydistinct yet harmonious establlEtiments—the House ofReception, where the children should be first sent bythe magistrates, and where they should be retainedten days, or, if necessary, longer, until it was ascer- their teachers. The instruction In the School is verylaincd wliether their parents, guardians or friends thorough, and the children have a clearer understand-wouldtakethemawayandprovideforthem,and ingofwhattheyIcamthanthechildrenofthesamewhere they might be clothed, and in some cases par- age in most of our public schools. We should havetiallycivilized,beforebeingsenttotheAsylum,which statedbefore,thatthelegallimitsofage,withinwaatobethe place of training for such as were not which the Asylum may receive ctiildren, are fromtpetiOj discharged. The House of Reception has seven to foiuteen years, and, judging from their ap-4xxipied rented premises, first in Grand-street, and pearance, we should say a large mojority were under Legislature hat been prorogned. The quarrel be- contract wito JxcExa & Co. The afteiwuda In West ThlrteentlirStreet, until about a twelve. The effort to convey moral instmction, in tween the Assembly and toe Governor has beenyear slaee, wlien they removed Into the commodious sDcb forms as shall impress it most favorably and patched up without eitopr party backing down. HisbnlMlBg, No. 71 West Thirteenth-street, erected by forcibly upon the mind, is never intermitted. TheInp on Fifty-fifih-street.The plan adopted by the foimders of the Asylum,that the average for the past year is 375. and that the averageat the same Ume acknowledg- ing that the contract bad lieen fully complied with, and that Stofi should or might continue toe surveylow rates.toe two great staples of toe country. It is useless for me to repeat toe cry of Increased trade and export ;make a nearer approach to it than would be deemed possible by one who bad not w-itnesscd the mutual confidence which exists between the cliildren andin accordance n-ito toe contract, as made by Jeoxeb tols has been heard the world over, from Liberia. It & Co., of whona Srosi is toe representative. needs no prophet's ken to foresee its great future im- In October, Capt R. S. Ewiu, of the Army, was portance. Reiteration on this score Is uncalled for,lovitog!:tbe party protection;Little Is doing to palm-oil and camwood,wboM story*relia««,lB(teadof BcVho^M.It WMldijiA^nMliiiHtBQUAIil^, FROM OAUl*«BMIA.Cariaaa Dekuvaiilacbestreet boy: has pilfered aUtUe, I beUeve.-' cell? It has been said, and by persona whoseof leOOwiU Urgely exceed tooseof ISM. to consequence. It lerivlBg.ARIZONAAN/>80N0RA.comforted by receiving the assurances of the Su- perintendent's forgiveness, and imploring the pardon c»b.,andtb^agh of that God whose commandment be has brokea. who,torthirty-sixyears,havepromotedIt, wellde- whiterthanhisfaceorhia^nd^-'.T"H»eJw«eJar^s^a\dodwonc^as^t Givisgtheseevideacesofrepentance,beisnotmade to feel that liis teacliers have lost confidence In him. Be is trusted again, and nobly does he jnstify that Btillin of our sympathy and ptdUBttaroptc labor. SL» " What has he been doing ?" asks the Superta- trust. Is not tills treatment more likely to re- tttv are saora onmerooi than the yonttfol orlminala< I.nH»nt " Oh," answers the pollceiran ca-elessiy. form falm than a whipptog or confineoient la aBustoest,FaeUltlee-New.T«)U% Bay. From Onr Own OeneeposdeBt.hut Faaaoisea, Haalar^faKlk~l||ftj.«-We pay onr debts aa weto Mexico, the Onitltotlanal Pnty, 10 eaUeo, are ex- toto toe 6ub«aatorlal Chair, to-day, la Maihim a career of vice and infamr,of a shirtwelljMBtfeiteiaabMda^afUh ^pundnioasSaeSailty, and those who coacelved It, and those their tatters there areusplcloni) of the absence;heTayet,fromtheirmoretenderage,andtheirnotkavlns, TheSuperintendentaskshisname,andsendshimto experience entitles their opinions to soae re-:'of the laws, the bath room. Here he undergoes a scruMiiag, and spect that " the moral air of an asylum' It a kiadbe in prisonAs the regardsfeelingsof tbeupon nectedbelongingbothtaughtclothiog,toeir under-not allow to visit toeir factories or any personcioihiogis madebytoegirls.Themanagers do notships, ships who have received invitotions to visit, at any timeeio-SorftJEititt0, 9iand restoresto the Superlnboy, and draws from hlnit Mfoftgnadtoraformtheeechildrenwhomtheprenuraof ampleholesforvenUlaUon,throughsomeofwMocaau verycleatrhleylwecbtyurethiesnonis wrong,hedlsmiaseihln. BsetlDcawnannotselnataermfoosrtapettUweiatlhaoluthole, someofher tumedtheywlUltotntmatoBtohoeotoateretttoftheAmerleaaor the eonlaglaaa ax- one or more exceedingly black toes peepHis apology for a coat has evideaUy done long «""» special referecce Is made to his ease, but the pooropen vialaUoa of ^r of temptation,laSaence of pannta or anooUtea, hadMm on a much larger frsme th.*hispaaMBgen and crew from yellowyielding lo the tempter, weeps blttcily, aad caa only vorable, and there is reason to exp«ct tiiat tbe exportsThatday yielding to No temptati(».day lotlagcitizens, drim A treaty stipulatlont.it1»"«J«'"' boy,oppressedwiththeconsclousnes*ofliisguilttoAnAmericanresidentofSeooratoutwritei":Piasteea, —these childrenfind, not so much of open vices as ef habits of deceit weakness of principle, and secret vices." Now, whilelarge experienceresisting templation,-In consequence of delaf^, such as might from manycauses toe Commission did not commence occur,beenUie redemption of thetr icrlp—wUdk redaeet (be AMi;its labors tutu tlie latter part of toe year 1857, shortlybe tion of our East or as will ave-which controls snd moulds toe characters of thete cbildien to the asylum.It is the practice of toe managers of toe Juvenilepublicsentiment wasexceedinglyof the SuperintenJent, and that it isfa serious and watchfu'ness to this matter.and toey now requiresongsfive or six dashed toeir aad wcat ia fiva away captnew life of total absttoeooe from iaiBd- ererytkfaicpartthingwrong and injury he does to himself by Incurring Itsuch guarantees on tbe part of the matters at will, to their judgment, most conduce to toe good of theirhad no slaves on board, and tlierefore lacked tlie prin- cipal evidence to condemn her.but in theas at present organized, is to confound the inno- from those who love him and would do Itim good. wsrds. Regular reports are required boto from thefor himself, not inthe pain Inflicted,is usually sufficient. He has cliildren and toeir masters, and the of toe asy- agentWhydah,ult,punlslunentTiaiast. wUch their character, at least in the eye of found those who care for him, and his self respect Is lum visits toe greater part of ibe chUdren whenthe laiw, does not merit.Hm qoesUon is a sorlous and an important one, andraised. The rod ia but sparingly used, and a day of making bis trips to locate new companies, to tillsa aatttte flacto mend tbelrandthough exceedingly politewiiitogtooblige, willSoad^ •t*!^ tpeakaii oigadaad he waaconsider toe labor of the child rcn as of more anythinghim order, and quietly takes up his march to the American Line.dancing, Theatrically, toe arrival of Baron Hauatiitoan Incldentol importanceandspecial provisionbe at the same timeficient reasons formaktognoforia-party, illsfuat opaaa Ha a personal tospecUon of toem, wtiiis at toe Congo. engagement at tbe American to-night PcoC Aaia^and cendition la the InsUtotlon, toe necessity of bestowing uponFaUtoff'—lttoeoccupation— youto physicaliaapproprlats- ness of toe only Idnds of mechanical employment toafter more toan a week ofDon't imagtoe us short of good misceUaaeoiis laa^mand continues. The factories or barracoons aver- tog. At the nightly book-auctions, New-Totkaaft-for which most of them are dea^ned, and thelabor general ofchil-to toe effect toat your Honor shall cause Sr. Cablos P.StokxandtheotherpersonscomposingtoeCom- mistion. ete., to leave toe States of Sonora and Sina- ioa within a term.ofunskilledWe admit tbe validity of these reasons, asunprofitableness dren.labor, especiallyage one to every twenty miles of coast, from Capebooks tell at lest thanOur Mercantiie Library liat a ooUaetijaemployment,the Ma- oameehaalia and natural history, and toe school itorarlet are tafU-aa (»-Mr. KiEKPAiliicK was and another officer se- are issued, our shops, tnnka aad olBcea aia killed, persverely wounded, Slie had on board a horse and two closed, and everybody Is maicing calls. Ton waaUtoeto the Asylumasupply of milk and beef, and to thebysoiling process,farnishCdfiUment ef this contract, 1MMca|l>e tat oaa'^fialoB as to the <, after explaiaiag to him ba.haUed wlto gratltade by Europeaa travelers, for eonrae oar aaraiaaiCBflbonld adopt Itisuhepm-;toey assign suf-and hisI give you replyobeyschildren a familiarity with animals which would be against us,byappears.large,other methods of providing for these cliildren. The;with this order will dren. Bellering that in the low physical condition ia deducting toe amount received for labor, (which en'jill heavy pecuniary loss upon myself andwliicb the greater part of the children are brought to the Institutien, an abundance of nourishing food and ample sleep are necessary to bring up the system to aI regret to see m yourto tbe City, of each child, is from (150 to (180. The Chil- dren's Aid Society send children West, withoutfrom a ofmwyhich the Governporomrpetrlaycts the countryHartford Conventien," to the following wonls.-previous training, at an expense of (12 to $15of those thus sent, many return to the City, and be-weises of his Excellency, and the solemn stipulations ofance wito Commodorial orders. The Constellation ginia,")cfl Monrovia for toe lower Coast"ronleaicomeAsylumor House of Refugeconsiderable numbers, become beggars, loafers or marauders, either to too towns where toey are ssnt or the Wes'.ern cities. Not fifty per cent. rem.->tatreaties between our country and Mexico,) expended our mcney and our labor.That we may be able with dispatch and peacefully to return to our country, 1 rcsfrecttuiiy request that your honor w ill be pleased to issue to me a passport tor myself and twenty-five ccmpanion?, hence to toe northern limits of Sonora. Taking this occasion to toanK your Honor, and large numbers of the people of Sonora, for '.he verv acts of ktodncss1 Prealdeat Hati-by productsoftheirtoil,tothewealtoofthe;great City which bore toe expense of their deportation.as toe Trxisments thus wide of toe truth, and so comfdaMy caa^For the reformation of theCity, the system of the House of Refuge is, perhaps,as are embodied to toltThe Hartford Convention was not " ealW>lryouthfulIhe most for toe removal of toetoeprescribedfortydays—(notforty daysinthewil- gardingthelandoftoeirbirth. Avoicefromhomeis graph.the ezp'tss purpose offorming « cnffederatitn to rttittvirtoousthey are sent, and most economical, in the end, fortoeIKOai JA9IAICA. Frorottatlaa ef Ihe liCgUIamre-The Dlapate—Society has children, toe vicious, totcmperate and degraded— vagrants, beggars and pilferers, we regard tbe plan adopted by tbe Juvenile Asylum as de-similar ptirpose. I challenge you or any otoer aa- There is but little news of interest to communicate, to or <to produce evidence snbstsntiate, givecolor,totolshetoousaccusation. Aadto it, conclusively, and to few words, permit ate to an extract from ttie testimony of tlie lata Raaia ICity.between the GoTemor aad thetke Prisoner—WtB tbe Convention fo embarrass andtha ICinagen at a cost for bolldlng and grounds oftbtai 440,000. Tba Asylum is a massive buUding ofbtaB<gnaite, aomewbat too prtaon-ilke in its external one time, taking the words Yes and No" as his Crown,appearance, situated on One-hnndred-and-Seventy- theme, he inculcates firm resistance to temptation money grants rests wito bim. The Assembly, on toefifttl-stMet, between Tenth and Eleventh avenues, and ready consent to good iufiucnces. At another, otoer hand, contend toat the clause ot the ConsUto- ment at the same time be verbally toforms Capt. P. able, friesdlv feelinc and intercourse. The questionI Uwmupon the clil dren some important practical truth. At " " "the 15th of October Gov. Pxsqcieba acknowledges toeif not to fceltog, toe Liberiant regard toe reception of toe Eutebia A'. Kage as an evidence of a dispositionNo one act has ever been pomted tut, knouiedgc, as inconsistent u-M Ihcr obligations to tke Vnited States, nor uras any such act ever cmtemflaSot tywings,each75feciInlengthand48inbreadth,anda lessons,thesongs,therecitationsinconcert,allhavecentral extension, H2 feet deep aiid 43 feet In width. the same aim, not made offensively prominent, but allA lirick wall iiicioses play-grounds for both sexes, tending to impress principles upon their minds which majority of the Assembly support their own rights Tba whole cost of the buildings, up to the present shall remain Hicrc and bear fruit in after years. Theand privileges in the natter, the rinnstlon at issue weli-doing by thT*-:ilpned so seriously to affect the credit of tbe Is- April, 185<i. rewards or boi^ors is entirely discarded by Dr. land that thf-v gave wav. and consented to maintainIhi.-*of toe Prrfcct. Ji ax A. itu^oMiox, (the Prefectlind its way to an English mart The discourage-that he did aea Col. Jtstrr, now Gen. Jarev.thaaof grades and of incentives toFor the first four or five year?? of its history, owing Bkooks. The children are taught that they the contended for In a series ofright, and be-guod men;our and toe of The complete isolation and cuttingoff from us of Li-the credit ef Madisoh, however, Xyears of age, but bearing honorabletime, has been (120,000. It was first occupied in ^78tcrashould do right because it is cause it will please Cod andNiagara, „f the few United States troops toere,of them are veryOf tUs class, 21t! were4 Ban-that U, ungovernable and disobedient. sisUng easiiy-besettlng sins, and to encourage them, aire of a tww, often rendered him by the pasaers-by,•These are usually committed MiMilSUwere brought to th.sowho had translated his That this letter was not^oon.mmed the past year. strengthenw—m^ i^' SSTi.ReceptionT„ii„_u,Sallv hopeful promising,on the face "fthan one-half were recaptured, and, aa deed sufpiclon fails ij^jjijftan uponauotiwr however, Ktogston. bnt I wonder the city is ever free from pes- orders of toe Government of toe Central States of novelists. That Is all very weU. Burhe shirks toe the letter to qoestlou is spurious,the lawprovldes, sent to the House of Refuge—es- 16 at.'.i- t,cape being a criminal i.ffencc. Three hundred and s -m 11 i,p<jf t:.it their pockets saouid be searched .tilence, wito toe streets to such a fiJtby condition. Mexico. main question, and tliat is tbe matter of SlaverygiveInthis to anow vicmity, get cargo of—but who had been addicted tobntosht by parents to the magistrate, ot the former pilfering before being committed to the Asylum, sees tally considered. He himself looks witless enough'tijtog negroes. Activity is the order of the day in the slave trade.^XTently evidentofthe remark your**J?^-»•, ^'^*"-^-handof a very elevated rank, socially, politically, or men-whatathteed,o«t«edo^rjtlimes,cleanlyIn hernight, and coat in a room to which this boy has access. The him to be a very weak and a very vato old fellow, having noletter renders toe probabMt,^ "T^;^^ wrltteaAlthough Mr. lavtso hoeften received tetters wii»<^In French and Spanish, almostitavariabj !^JI!»rtb^x*«,llLVf*>*''^*'^°'''^'imae.Oftbewtlwt«jrere125. •.PrnTPiLria-temptationtotakethemaheycomesuponhim,and, withoutthecouragetosaybootoagoose,andtoeC. So. own Why should withouttheorderIsofflciailvrevoked.Nosensible BABinnu. H.-, Ca.,Tuesday,Jaiu24,IbCO. tJcminbis language. tothisc»a*te^r"^are in his favor—toattoe right of origiaattogworld.—;of a man whom you wfll ait was himself a member of the Ca«-by an anecdote and, if a humorous one, so much the tion in question was totended totmi Waakington. It has a front of 150 feet, two better—he fixes In their minds some moral truth. The members of toe House of toe right to originatethat Uie Commis.slon may return, intimating that the of non-recognition by the United States GovernmentThis is the testimonyaad occupying an elevated site near that of the olddepriveindividnaiand whovtnlloB, and cognizant M MiBBoa efmoney grants, but toat the power to do so, by a Com- mittee of toe Whole, remained intar^t. Though aw:i« aas the recDrds will the flame of .lissatisfaetion. Doubtless the next Li- The made the bciian hulk with a cargo ol African productions will gdingGen.Lreoota(whatGen.Liireoue,prayt> taaggregateexpense"The New- England States souebt In 1811-12, to ex- hospitaolfifteyred,inanofficialcommunication presstbeirdisapprovaloftiiewarwlfllBaglaadkyAasembly Sonlonqae and bis Plane—Health aadQuestion byit not oneobject toeSblpplD(.Correspondence nf the Xew-York Times.war with Great Britain ?Ansiter—It was not Nothing of the kind wat dM*or entertatoed by ttie Convention, or, to far as I taasdeclares—and theUon, as well as the opinions of toe iaw^ifficers of toecargowas directed to enter ids the readers are familiar wito. Contending Tightly protest against expulsion yourand to demand a revocation of toe offensive order. On that toey have a right to a just reciprocity in trade,effect but without toe least foundaUoa. I beuerei and toat onmeasure done or proposed has been publUiedExcellencyletter of the Constita-anow toeir proceedings perfectly, laprinciple resolutions,the order uas the olTicial act of the Guvernmeiit of tlic Stale of Sonera.andscan tnm Oe to teke commaadto the want of suitable acrornrandutions, the dlflicultyof preserving order and preventing escapes, in Uie In-•ecuie condition of the buiidiogs occupied, and the because it will procure them better foixt, honors, tion for future dispute.abitaeles to be surmounted in carrying eut the de- medals or a larger amount of pocket-money. The The rumors in circulation about Sorrorors's In of Sonora, and to consider official a verbal acknowl- briefly, peace and prosporitywithin its borders. ItslaflK' at a system hitherto untried, at least in this only incentive beyond this which is held up to them tentlon of going back to llaytl are utterly without ft the success of the Asylum was not all its is that of a home In the West, where, in process of foundation. He remains a peaceable resident of this I bad hoped; but since its removal to its new time, they may become good and substantial citizens, dilapidated city, and Is likely to contUiue so till he Tiader other and more encouraging aus- and, In their turn, perhaps aid in rescuing from degra- dies. Within a few days past he has changededgment of certain rights of .\raerican citizens wliich agricultural interestsand outrageous rte,!"hbnvk^eedatho^Bofofuen^s^iv^e «»aoned at Hartcfo^rnd;cthoaft,S. S. Ports- mcuth. She w as just up from St Paul de Loando, used the following language " ITpon Gov. I*es«i-'I- and was cruising aroimd tiie mouto of this river, soIt has already attained to a good degree of y, and Is fast taldng Its place among the beetmiserypublic cbarlty.his domicll on King street, and, I understand,wrotehim iicd tbe matter satisfactorily adjusted. Capt. look-out for a slaver now supposed to be to tlits quai- ^We will begin withthe Juvenile Asylum, and sent to the House of Re- lating and easily influenced tii do wrongwilh a general desire to do well, are, athare now cut his ac* others, ments were on a cheap and nasty scale, and thatdation and cast upon thethose, who, like themselves, are'iously awaiting the return of the Commission.'' incanRepublic. LontrmayIt so t>e.to his masters WYilo treason coatompla^ inw^g^j^ Jabx* Imaaasaa.notsupplies contingent tiprm its retilemenl. It remains, therefore, an open ques-As Capt. i'. was not erpcrienccd in Mexican diplo- macy he suffered him? elf to be duped by the officershwtir tie will not be alwaysIt Is not reasonable tooxpLCi tliat these children, whose early associations a'lon of a reduction In the rent of (3 per month. TheLxtttQUom of its clan in the country.Our readers will panlon us for introducing a few have been often witb the vicious, hardened ani way- old chap, in spite of hidden plies of money, Is ratherdetails which are to the proper under- ward, will, even under the benign influences by which mesn, and the aristocracy of Jamaica, who called— SEA's arrival at this place, a conference was held with notorious in the history of the slave trade on theIndispnuablethey are surrounded, all become saints ; upon certainly nottcr of the All hands globe.well.generally Sgealctnglilm when ho firstthe Home of Kcccption. CSiildren are committed to at once. Some ate naturally perverse qnaintance. They found that his domestic arrange-Signs and in the samebis party to be ulactd pusitiun of slavers reminds me of the fact that during our run^^^standing of its plm of operatlrais.arrived,over- come by temptations to sins, to which they have for- 1ed theher. she proved to he a very suspicious vessel, and;some vacil- ;tliey held before the expulsion."This declaration, emiiiiating from an officer of ourGovernment, acting under iiistnictiurs, was a suffi-cient reason for Capt. E. to withhold bis protests andto this place from Monrovia, we chased and overtiaul- fioXrn'^Uticltn^'li^ltoe Jjoptowithout the usual making;who had caand to watch the Com'io the credit ofhas taken a long lease of hia new home in conalder-tlie letter infcnnlng Capt. E. of the settlement, hethe ex-Empress was notoveram sure that no such accusation can beoftta partu.s, they :,rc left unprovided for. These merly been addicted, such as lying, theft, Ac. All against His Msjesty. He comes out on his door- demands,rot again ot*eniiiz tiie subject assuming,— as wasallowedto herchUdren are not these require patience and persevering effort on the^o way, rejoicing no duubt at hernthe Editor <^lke Nem-Ym* yourPariscorrespondentusually erimtnaily inclined ; ir.leresting-oad.intelligentchUdren. partstep every evening, and looks like a splendid speci- men of Cumberland coal, brilliant and fresh from the mine. Be accepts with totcnse satisfaction the horn,be well might, that Poetbb was acting undcrstand- Ingly.lucky escape.manyThebands of Mr.WHirixa, the gentleman who, during tbe ing been captured by a Brilisti cruiser. She had a pWuArSpBoirKtionrgoKtl«av^ra^o!of their teachers to lead them in tbe right way, toship Portsmouth has made Faremier,them in right piinclples, to aid them In re-have ^leo, to try again, and not despair. Let and, to return, he tovarlably takes off his bat, it laThese documents were of course placed in theabsence of Capt. Stote, Is in the charge of the Com- full cargo of slaves aboard. The notorious Orion—;others,veryattab- arhic^afihe requestof pa-t^MIB w«»T7,aiid of the latter, 49, committad the past one of the oflSceis of the InsUtuUon put fifty cents in and bis physiognomy does not indicate any determi-I»«r, > yA«»a»I«-streetK!hlldren, sleeping on his overcoat pocket, and, shortly after, hang op the nation of character or ferocity of disposition. I take .S>dMr a flew days' detention. Nbieteen escai)|gd, of covered, but the guilty party it sot euipeeted. In- wish. There is a great deal of fever prevailing In toey were to be protected !n strict conformity to the toterference with Slavery in thoee Stetes m vkick These whor^'^ enHouse ofusan instance of this:mission:ifthey— iatel^ condemned and sent home from tiiis coast ^iswA boy. in many respects mode Franra-se. His associates, I am afraid, are nothe at once decided not to accept this verbal revocation of an official order, assuming toat he bad nohadto remato after toe promulgation of too order of eipul- slon. in Mr. Wmrtsro's reply he respectfully informs Capt PoBTia that he cannot return with toe partytt0T"^'5VVT^in nf whom tber» w«« M- Of the whole number, unaccustomed to resist powerful InnptatiaB, he yields very last man to tbe world to attempt to regato Illstn^thna committed, WtDBarly one half, were dis- to it-but hU conscience is sufldeattr Nsakeaed to sceptrelf any figbttog wasto be done beforehand. day to Sonora, vritoout a perfect and full nader- I perceive that Hon. Mr. Katmokd in his Union person who charged, either by th^aufUtrates or the Committee. trouble him and make him uahappT <hB theft It dis- Tbe health of the Island is not at good aa we could ttanding that they were not lo be molested, and that spe«ch to toe Empire Stote goes severely against any read English.eeei"clear h-jn»e J. Atonce the boysof his divi-boy, who,ex- American vessels arrived—Seo-iari, from New- All these lacts have been pieced before Gen. Cats, tension into toe Territories. He does aot say plainlyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069TI^ai^ver wrote a Hns of it KespectfuJy yours.q_ p^mamttija^iaiaatwww.fultonhistory.comUntitled Documentandcriminals of ourfva-;but,have,in the residing i,ere, (trusting prom-Hiaslsaippl 26. anot caredficient and feasible school of reform, and that if thesechildren can be diiectly transplanted from the streetand street life, to moral, virtuous families in the Westor elsewhere, they will, with but slight exceptions,lieeome themselves virtnotis and moral, and, at thesametime,willsupplytheneededelementofIstwrto whomsympathyforerringandneglectedcididhood buttbewholenumberofthosereported"bad,"Isnot placethattobeknownasamemberofCapt.Srosx's southernpototatthemouthoftoe.Congo,witlilnthe life. InthirteenStates,toOregon,Watlibigtaa^Proverbs, dec., be commits to memory, and learns toselves as well as children of Christian families gen-have taken in a of 1,000 slaves, andcargo got safelysing and chant hymns, whose simpleappropriate and condition. On the Sabbath be finds himself in a Sunday- school class, taught by a devoted Christian woman,erally. companiesof whomTbe Dattiawayt area iliiitl tmand understandingOfthose who hive turned out from toe badlynone are known to some have run away, one or two haveeven at times w henbrigby the English steamer Viper, off a factory twentylarge has takenItlw West. This view, urged with great ability and bas Impelled to leave the abode of wealth and luxury over five per cent, of toe numt>er sent out. Commission is a passport to friendly treatment in any past two montos, to the memory of toe Portuguese ritoirand Columbia, even to Europe, ftey;miles south of toe Congo, and sent to "St. Hetena." There has been a fine monument erected on toecates of the Juveuile Asylum, while admitting the ge-nial and transforming influence of the family upon ferred to the Asylum. Let us also visit it, and see others engage to some of toe bousetaoid duties con- iayt, such order betog in open violation of toe Treaty river. It has been said toat toe Frenchvices,tion. This condition wu more than complied with, sorrows. It is tbe constant aim of the Superintendentand dp to the present time there have been expended and teachers to become as thorougliiy acquaintedupon the buildings and grounds the siim of (160,000 with the character and habits of thought and feelingasUa fixim the cost of furniture. The Asylum was ef each cliild in tbe Asylum as possible. That they cldeuly the best yet proposed, most efficieat to saving Governor of Sonora, to not only permit Capt Srost crops of wUch have l>een enormously heavy tillsopened cm tlie 10th of January, 1853, in leased build- cannot do this /uity will be evident when we say the children, most just to the communities to which and party to enter Sonora, but directed him to give seasbn. Large quantities may be procured at very Sheemah, on oato, to the case of toe Slots ottf Cmoffspring the littleof theplan;;majoritypeople,fever. TbeJsmaicasugarcropofIhepratentyearisfa-mmt. Pi Hackect aaTke Arah- af Btaae aa4 Pee^airT^—Detailed Narmitre of tke Whale Traaaaetiaa.From Onr Own Ooireapeadeat.ptoawtetro tbe contesfttnrownbif dlspoted.for the beingwaged supremacy(pi.Gov.L^tbab alipi fi^hwJan. I, 1860.a note for toe paymeat of d<^ta coatraoted to leeeiA- Ihf itarti. WereJsrtothe children whose the Superintendent, a fair, pleasant-looking boy, and to Ihrlve are often artilcial, and wttlier at toe first copies of some of toe documents relating to toe ex- and even Mendly to all retpeetable AoMrieant, when which DO fumSs hav« beeaappro^iiUiad, aMMMlaMunder the*"'-|»«Mehop«ifQl and their future le»« be- Is clothed in a clean, plain, neat suit. He retonu to of hot-house air ; and the qualities which appear Wliile in Guaymas, loine time since, I obtained have inrarlablT abowa fhemieiTei beapitable, Uad, ance wlto Ihe recogaixed yoUcy. of tte tiij, hat htthff^tKfPotnecognizanceiaMeUi.W|MtenF(n>the iHSSSSMWa of «irClty-the newsboys,they did not regard aa ilUbtuttia."P^H THB AFRICAN COAST.of toe author of B. Jtcxxa & Co. with the Central Government of PraKTeaa ef the SlaTe-Timdi -The Slarerasfreets-especlally to <he with a much more cheerful countenance than when contact with toe air of toe outside world. Peopleth. UtUe be entered the House. After a lew about whowe pulsion of Capt. Sroat and party by Gov. FasquixaA.aa unknown prooeedtaf. The Pnhlic Schoela, tat iarTcBAC, Arizona,8<mday,"tor itaand measurement of toehavtogobjecttoe. exploration, publicttlH«nafifcwrfat a time whenhostile to everytoing American. Well-armed parties,flags'Moreover,all toose accused -ofbetogTbe English steamer-ofwar Spitfire, when off cattog.In twelve monthatoeyhave(athaied SJftttility ;lency of many of the land titles.is ing been overhauled ofi^abinda by toe United States hall, theybried25 membert atto enforce their and in tbls have retpectsuccessful, to no instance has mentoer of toe Commission, officially or otherwise,days'but, had she bad eight hours' tortoer time, she wouldgoes Durtog toe prcaeattoey hold meetings twice a day—at noon aad at f% o'clock to ttie evening—for the parpeee of aeeoMB*^of thesuch achangeIINotviiihstandtog the many obstacles and almost to-surmoimtable difficulties, the Commission conttoued ed a cross. It forms aits labots up to toe 17th day of May, ISSO, when tliePrefect of toe District of Guaymas issued an orderof Guadalupe Hidalgo.Capt. Stohi'b reply is on file to toe United StatesConsul's office at Guaymas. W^ldie he protests againstandUuitailans never omit iting Dashaway meettog,At the lastone of tiletoe rightof the Governor of Sonora toexpel thewarmly applauded.(ir&vHAii, MayiS, 185!). To tke Hon. Prefect of the Diilricl of Giiaymat :)and will write—but tliree, were sick wito fever. She pledge, up goet the fiag, a quorum (3i) wasreieased,after aaBtal|l^a thorough examination and four detention and down his name.anyreceived any but toe most courteous and respectful off the coast The American Tavanier wascompletelyof your Honor's respected letter of to- The slave-trade on toe coast is hi a yesterday, veryfliurish- set ting an order from his £xcellency the Governor ing condition, and will so conttoue as long as toe de-Boany,vessels stattoaed here (three to number) an dressedPBo:tsz.toeThe V. S. sloop Portmiautk had captured and sentTheir ortoia,TbeOrionwas in ly ingBy heltting aaythe Congo the 20th inst, liav- ten,years As far as these open enemies were concerned, toe steamer Mystic. The captato, mates, and ail toe crew day. Whenever a man suddenly agraat to tlga;tt»ble and about ten feet granite,by vesselspeoplefestlvali,Asylum, aad directing Capt S. and party to leave Ihe State inforty nortoem bank, twelve miles £rora the mouto of toe ieam, however, that the Fretbyteiians aad Mallwand is conspicuous landmark forOf allmust lead as aeverywhere—at Iheirout ofbut I have stoce seen officers of toe American agreeable to them. Laboring tmder tills misteke Itoe to teach toeir cliildren peoplemade noNew-Yorkattemptto gatoanyfartherinformation, bytoe sensation. He atMaoinaz's, with the tame iiit ofMew-To&aa*- I aiso notice that your Honor prescrilwd the term vessels arc captured by the cruisers here or to the of 12,000 volumes, well selected and valutble. TheAlthough my comrades and 1 are fully sensible of having strictly compliedduring otir residence here, of havtog done nothing which could in any maimer have justified complainthere, detained fromexploringtourupthe Riverly growiag.tte of England. They are now in the bands of toe Com- callers are in toe saddle, not to tiie buggy, tha Governor has exceeded his powers in thus, ordering mcKiai Agent for deilvtry to toe steamer to Eng- weather is April, not January, and the rumble eearhave ever pursued, andIxiTis Statzs StiAHZa Sak Jacutto, > Off the mouto of Coneo River, > West Coast of Africa, Monday, Nov. 14, 1859. >editorial columns of thii morning, a revival of toe old accusation against the /more righttoreturnto SonoratoanthepartyFour vessels have lately left wUh full cargoes. Youis, ^^^^ H. C. V.Slavery ExteBstan aad £qnal Righfa.corresoondeattoe authorities or of the peoplesheep,eitheraithough fuUy aware that his Excellency toeGovernment of Mexico and toat of the country of nhich 1 hare tbe hoLor to be aoff the Congo;flag-shiptreaty between thecitizen;although complianceAOiaira on the Coaat ef course we CorrespondencetftkeNew-YorkTimet,Hartford Convcaiiaa Doftaded.anytlung to the present disturbed condition of affairsin the State. I and comrades vviil retireand placed our Government to possession of toe facts.The Secretary of State, I presume, instructed ourhonorable Minister to Mexico to put the Mexican Gov- concerning affairs ill the .\fncan Republic. There Ihority,ernment to possession of the toformation.The Juarez Government at once issued orders to thesay, at the time of our visit, but little doing to the way of trade, excepting toat in rice, toeto Gov. PiSQCBEA, havtog instrucUons from onr Government to demand tliat " toe Commission " engaged in toe survey should be allowed to resume their labors, and witoout moiestotion, in accordance wito toe order offor that would not to tlie least influence Americans toassist to encouraging a rapidly growing trade with our only colony—a trade wliich foreign nations are only too glad to get the benefiu of.commissioned as specialbearer ofdlspatehesparalyseKisGSTOH,Jamaica,Wednesday,Jan.II,1800.Since the date of my last letter the Jamaica the, Central Government a copy of which w-assent manifest tliroughout toe Colony, to .consequence'' the CGntrary, its principal object vas a more ^tefaelta-sloop-of-war ilary was also ordered to cruise in and about theherof LiberianThe cir-titiettionbytkebeen generaUy reported to be treaaoaable ?and toforms Poktzb that Capt.of toethe matter will be referred to toe Central Govern- to discouragereceiptprotest,—on the of our Government—amic- partorder of expulsion Jid not emanate from him. but has been heretofore a subject of bitter complatot from toe Prefect of the District of fluaj-mis. This. art like the above-mentioned does not aid to quenchhowever. show. Onprevarication,Insinuation being pu'jlic.Convention, Is, I suspect a myft. Ittoft» Irnst the dwas. Imay^ifatliirbeing absent.) ltdd^c^scd a letter to the Govemcn-. set- iiicnfsof Government, encouragementting forth the facts. To tliis 'Jic nuvemor replied tlutt the British Government, will doubtless do its work. Hartford toe gallantgladat this aaake atala- day,berian intercuts is not a thing of thefar futuretoebattles of Bridgewater• Jirinttance. and doubtless Gen. J.suv thatbinding.A summing up of the affairs of the colony would be.P*lf"itTwaUy—which are tA< interests—are incould be reiterated or denied at pleasure. as flourishing a condition as it is possible for them to the Un"«<' fj^ti"?^^^ M>d wisdom beyoad hiaOn the arrival of Capt. E, he was advised by Poa- well be under toe circumstances. Contentment and hecondt«:tedwlthasag^«j^»«* acquainted ;Ti;a toal the affair was settled, and that he was anx- happiness are the heritage of this people of Uie Afri- ywiet.h^the"'m^,e^m*bie5r't4^of iKconvSttwoaTsrand "5^^Nov. we toe V. Yestenlay, IS, spokeapprentice factoryofbrig Gchasser, Charleston. S. C. BoardingUnited Statesone cap*ure and sent her home. She met theof New- Vork, in charge of an English lieutenant, hav-man would risk the Interests of toe Commission one lb Ike Kditor of tke New-York Timet : from his custom to write » '«««:hCongo.,T1iestoOie oaidteg— UaT Butt(*. WOlhaMufeavfeaapected to favor Amerleaa tatereett; whereat, fo So-nora and theadioliitec States, the Ccotemilre Partyare,atageneraltotog,thoaewhofavoraanexatian. cathtohaad. b8aaFraaeltcatoepoller«((tvhw Nevertbelett It It uotveraaUy acknowledged toat thepeople of SoDora, ai indtTtduali, boto rich and poor,the 20toHarris, after a long chase. She was sent to Sierra have availed toemselves of their privilege of wMfe. Leone. Her cargo numbered 517. drawtog, and toe black list as I have alraaly i^^H,-The owners of vessels Philadelphla engaged tionon theSundaygatheringt. I da kitArriving at Monrovia, Liberia, Oct. 25, we leftpublished Ihe same place Nov. 1, for Congo River, to compli- demoBstraiionsneciadly dnilarto timaa wUA Vir-;iifpil^remarkablytoken dating penitrait drinkers,they aattelpale •>toe CaroltoatandOct We plating. The Hartford Convention wat called for taaConsiderable fceltog has of late been made or believe, by toose by whomit was Oa orifinactd.our Minister as evidence of the recogidtion of toe of toe levying of extra duties and charges opermtion mthat var, attoikt defence of tkt Iftm tatSt- upon tbe Liberian brig Eutebia N. Kdge and land States. _ rs.. „productions.Gulf of California, and the commander, Capt Poeiib, cumstances connected wito tlilt vetsel I presume Auncer—Much has been said and published to tiac;of all Its proceodingt. valorous act that you ImputeaI bad notand utefuian moeach,saluUrytoat liaabutoaeit poeslble that so high aa aa-Boalisbedwe hope, will never have to be followed, by dlqiatch. ing Gen. Liscolb to Hartford, wito orders to atrett the memberosveorfttahcetCofntvreenatsioonn."upon toe commlatioB of toe lirstcould,ef Otf- emmeiit of toe United States in the proee euBaaeflha—_ Pntoner—Bu nniliat ConnatMahad translated his wortsknow best have no doubtriJ^>«-.TJ^>' -^^w^",enr(kU and m* ^^ j^' jffiiaHn 