 ,jeajs."millions of dollars annually. It is advancing west- greatlnterest on the part of those present in the ob-ward with great rapidity, and unless its proKress is ai rested, the wfaeaten loaf, now a necessity in everyIsmlly, will at no distant day become a luxury. In persist in attending to those little matters of agricul- view of these facts, tillers of the soil must have all ture and education when the Union is In such danger.AGKICOLA. LAW REPORTS.Tbe Hnrder Trials.—COCET OF OTIB AND TinUINKB JOHS CBtJMMINS8ZNTENCKD TO BE HANGED FOR THE MCailEBtons,moie, Sugar,4nc.. orif to New-York. 43c. and *3i J,rWw. GBan.PeacAbofvradlnreBlBaimaL ne same remedy net appbeabla.Oiws<ic»—WilltkeaarealloliveinwaterTVAMU^T BK-V CWODB. ABNOLD. CONSTABLE k Ca AREm:andneat; n ot afraid of workCall at No. 68 AUanllc-at., Brooklyn:faithful,o»*»»•eat ef tte Park.-D„o no.t, kn„o„w_.hearingprices.IncUidlsg. according to Messrs. H. D.:to theP»or. Johnson gave hissnbiect-"Atmo8pherlc fuel of Plants-Carbonic Add,IMr^VWrk.apple;atlaebi UMstawtite ask Ko ranedy ahsrwarteb.Cms.B« Mr. Cau*, for • nllnwd frem Pur»-«eo«iyJ-AcM t»ena*«li«Bt r«rnr, N^w-Tork. The laeorW. 'AuutJlBni.sa'l F,Its atuek to it eie«^ dig oat.l« an Jour if. KmanAixsv and otbare. ffWItflnjU-f-H tbat—Tke JndgawBU Agmtast tke Cfty. rukiuEBraocKKDoraBirroatbboomraoLLia'a Monox.' MHon ealea of fordgn gobda.Mr. Xunreaia eallad np tbe reaoldtlonnaturally arises,Ingredientsvery necessaryalso that he bas on file In his office areceiptmonths,badb;6 as., 854c. ®9c., cash: 3,000as to aboUth the propeny quauaoationseed, and the freepenoulhtitnernitrogen nor enters tbe oxygenTne alBdavlts of George R. Thompson, plaintiff's;5,000 St. Domingo, at anctlno, lOXc diraaged,Bt.nearBroadway.'_aocme.nrroATioiis ^^MMWN^^^i^l^^^^^^>^^^»^l^^^i^^^*»^<X»M^^Mouu,F.A.Wniujii,O.B.at We. ft bushel. OataBOW at tetaU alhilBgaKOTmkbilltWinau, Ths Comm^Ks'onan of Pie OeotrmI Park,«.W|I^M|tijgBsaBdABaiMaa-)dltloB to the ainiaot if eaa in such a po«l«io»>7°"Jersev and at Me. Pennsylvaniaof err,experteeeednnaes,walrreswn,nrnulaissser-and wbereas th'7 hr.Te alr«»>' ei- you plant jonr trees^tfb"e ersd the againstindgmanU he trade than on City, and aUow them to be defendedlec d with great care oy their Earopean and Seleet A No. MTillar7-st. caraiiia'T expended;tfeadc* a »b> grmtly ueeelinc tne entire ett matedtherefore,Heje/vrtf. That th^ said Comvlulosers be requested toMpork a btaUfQieut of the ebaraeter and coot of the work ueeatcd be ibelrordertoFebmai; 1. 18«o, and an e>- Um^m la d«^taii cf the ooat r f tiw vurk required bo oom*n>le -aid Psrk. tofretlier with the orlgiral iM*lma»«i for "overhangingsaeruUtlon and for atbaytri, will be ^old at sncta prices as will give entire satisfactionto tbe porchaser.I.INBNB AT GREAT BARGAINS.Falton, Brook- lin, 12 years est>MIsbed under the mo^t distingnlsbed pairr nave, and the retort of all ftrst-elassaarraats eatof place In Brooklyn.and eobelUati- Acid." If we sow a seed in a soil >r*liigoa^ttIbaManafiai.proTemcnt AmmoniaandNitricrread ard pastrywi'l offer at retail another large invoice ot FAMILY CsB PTodnce most (at'sfactorr retermnamTABLE- Will avBly at No. 378 6th-aT., pp stairs.on •aCompttoUcT(brareportofthedatleareceivedoajudgment ;terms6noDry Bogota, 20 lbs., 22c.. 8 months,:Isa food baker and pastrv cook :Adopted.rejectingaekloirorder of tbe United Sutes District1.270 Salted Para. 20 «»., lac., n months, reiectlng badma aaieaded no aa to require a re-;•em ailoplrd.Wr. SuavoUB wrrd for iafortnatlnn rrotn the Id- the mostffl&atBruslnggault, and of Richardcallingprivate in full of rejecting;pessto inTka ratotaitlOBMft fyeB •]] the SsTlDts Banki in the State of New-nrk««1alk«kiM«Btof tbelr capiul and de.ioslts valuable because It suppliester, for partmA Iteb UzattQB lorproperty last year, andto til). Mercer.oIbsjneoctiaofnrsaid of wo'k.aeeetora of tbe State PrlW'Ds «« to all tbe cootracla branch of tbe science, hastlsgs, 5S(;e., cashARNOLD, OOMSl'ABLE k CO. wUl add thison-terstaads Jel- lies, snd the American sndFirrsnean auides of easkiag: hasliv,dInsoineofthefirstfstnlPsainthisCity;trages »ioto»iJ: hi-at nf re'erences given. -Can at 'orad-dress Ko. 216 East 28d-8t.«7-ANTED-A SITHATIOV BT Avv BE8PE0TABLKyourgwoman,asflrst-clssscook; nnderstandsherat tlte Citntrn PrlHin. Adopted. „„,,,.,„ conclusively. He so confined aproved plantsteps t) Cump'roller. The aJBdavit of Mr. May, tbe referee, alAo deniesto Dress Goods—POPUSSmeats, ponltrv, baking, pastry, snaps,T»ereM»iiit"n» for ameiK'mentVf the Constltnlioo.aetno nitioiien frombytheHonmlngw A^umadany nitrogenof colored TOfsrr, mi re made tbe special order tor Friday noon.oil Monday evening, 7 o'clock. agricdiiTurb at yai<b.It acertain amount of pure air. When tbesaotlon, urgedsons why the judgment should be vacatedin this market In to-day.in-20 as., 18c., bad Omonths. rejecting.^ , duecUyfrom the atraosribere.or chemists in this attorney, Counsel,denyanyfraudorcollusion. Mr.9r> Aea FIteh •> BBtenaeleKy—Imect Iilfe aad trogen as was present in the seed when it was plant-RsTacee—Renedlee—Prefeaaer Johnaeii•• tte AOBeepbeirle V«*d vf Plants. Oiisi»indi»c«tftkeffrtB-TorkTSma.of the sunlight. In tlie form of carbonic acid, and give MHBeiegist of yoor State, pat many a new Idea into back a portion of it at night. This portion is not sonot atiempted to be explained.once collect. Water is ti*ken into the plant by Itsroots alone. The carbon of a plant comes also from TIm leetUTO last night, by Dr. Aba Fitch, State the atmosphere. Plants absoib it under the inluenceit was not a Swamp," and tmnsactions have mostly tieen con- referable case, and the Corporation;Sb&lesofBosAlaCrashat8, 9and10centsperyard. CQrpBltbADW lY,Till CoLLioi, Tbursdsy, Feb. 2, 1880.Counsel was not anthorixed to refer Council aJone having that power.the Common fined to orders from the South and West. Oak Sole continues in fair request, at unaltered prices. Weeklymercy Park, for two days. BITTTA'nON Vor"a VERY RE-keadf of tka yotmg farmers attending the course •flcetoiessowi>profresaatthisInstitution. Someas is generally supposed, and no injury need Seeartefore be feared from plants in a sleeping-room.:"wetib laBeatbeiing. Be entitled Ms lectoie Econ- The same gentleman lectured this morning on " TheproperlygoodsStriped and Plaid Valenelas aad Poil d* CherregWAHTED-Amsat and pastrv cookat Ike older onesleaned a thing or two," perhaps, "from Ibe antlers of the deer then spoken ot-and tbenitrates,were:aaleal Entomology," and its main object and scope was to show how greatly the faraaer suffers from the yrlada of noxious insects which are constantly prey-are too dlBiise and vague to require specific dentals.It does not state the items of the so as receipt,; Is, substances were supposed not necessary to the full developement of the vegetable kingdom. This is not theease. Ifwetakesandfreedfromallanimaland vegetable matter, and plant a seed In it, as a bean for instance, giving it pure air and water, and nothing Jeflsis and cents these depredators damage us. If elte, we shall get but a meagre growth; give it one we could appreciate tbe Injury done by Insects, the of these substances, as soda tor Instance, and we shallgl 50«tl SZH ft 310 lis. PROVISIONS— Pirk has t>een purchased to the ex-ble yonni: clrl as cook undervtands it la all Its branches; Is wHlintr to a«sistio ths waahing aad iron- ing; best of City reference from bev last wherehis crops. Our ideas, said he, are exceed- kffj vague on tais point, and it would be startling in ke highest degree could we know to wbat amount Inist. His assertions are derived f^om the conciusiozis passed on his own opinions.tent of bbls., tn 1,150Bi.1 WEEN AMITY AND 4TH Srs. WILKE8& MOtnANplaes,she h*p lived three vears. Can be seen tar tvo days atingapon$17 2>»CI7 37Kadd another and we shall help it whole cotBmnnity would be in consternation. The more yet, anu by adding all that the plant requires lajarythey do la not sudden like thoee of fire and we shall get lis full growth. We shall find, too, that Ceod, but stealthily inflietad, thereby in a if any one element Is wanting there will be a corres- great degree escaping our observa loa. They ponomg imperfection in the plant ; it will fall to come to maturity, flower, bear fruit, or semething of tne Wke the products of the earth. Some Idea kind. If also we have an element in ex- •f tbetr ubiquity may possibly be obtained by cess, there will be a corresponding developement MBaidertng that not a tree In our forests, not a plant in the plant. It may be argued too that these mineral elements are necessary to the vegetable king- dom,elsewherewouldtheanimalkingdomgetphos- for Its bones or iron for its blood. A difference in the prevalence of these elements Is one cause of the different varieties of the same plant The plant at different staces of its growth also manifests a differ-— Ihts'is obvious. Our fbrests are being cut and matter three thousand pounds of water are used inof then there was in demand at from 8?iic.^97ic. V it, negligence in not bringing it tola ear gardens, nor any member of the vegetable klBgdom, but that is Infested from rootlet to leafletofthe RICE—Hasbeenless active to-day, atunchangedwith these Inflnltesslmalaplagues. Even the poison atmack of the swamp supports its worm. Insects,phateslots, at from $3 7S«>g4 25 ¥1 100 Bis.SKINS—Deer have been in moderate request,while Goat have been in fair demand at former rates.dening generally to do. Advertiser bss seven yeanCity refer«.pces for general practical experienee, sofBdeat to get hiirsny place in the States. <nd as having the advan-our losses are greater and great-er every year, and grea er In this country than in any Water is the means of communicating these snb- e«ber,atleastintemperateelimes. Thereasonof stsncestotheplSLt. Foronepoundofinorganictea, are biereaslngWe quote ;MssmallfamilT. No. 194 Tlinies ofBce.Including;peaih eaieore an- week, N. H"., Boxas tke natural feed of these animals is removed ord, they are obliged to resort to our irardens and •lekards for sustenance. Tbe uredatory Insects wereJudgment for tl27 07. pleo. 37c,938e.; Vera Cruz, 35c.®38c., 1* Ii ;A MOST BEUABLE PROTEST- WANsnTtyEoDus-gBmaYn,asltutalonascoachmanaadgar-aaea the parasitss of our forest trees ;;Marine Court, on a transcript filed In the Common 45c. 6 mnntfas.make himselfapple and Ite eak-pruner, finding red €>ad becoming scarce, isboSakteg hImseU to the apple for a llvioK.Batoornative are not our ones. For- pests onlydfaen, some ot tbem worse than the natives, come la upon us at every impotution. Toe bark louse is atransatlantic customer, and the wheat anworm waa originally formed on thepartially soluble In water, alkalies may be added withor addr^ days.thus tbe tbomaople,midgeSafttshman. Tbe former ii especially destructive at portion to wh%t tbe water carries with it, the better.IHE OnTWATER JUDeilENT.Jawb D. C. Outvaler vs. The Mayor, ^c. This waswide. cost,85 cents.IbeWest.[Tbe lecturer here remarked that having stated ona former oecasltm tbat the orchards on both sides of Lake Mieblgan were fast being exterminated by thislots,11 to 3 o'clock.The lecturer explained, in a very interesting man- teseet, and that statement having been called tn ques- ner, the theory of " osmodic diffusion," thus snowingplaintiff for (13,086 61.The motion was to vacate theplain gardeningtl«a,be would say that a no less accurate observer Ibaa Mr. Hovais, of the CuMvator, (one of tbe lec- torcraattbls Convention,) in an account of a recent vt?1t to that section, fully confirme tpils statcmeot]howjects all others.whatmaterials it wants and re-judgmentreasons]werp, SOObhIs. Ashesand 600ship Scotland, 820 tons, fromProf. JoBSBOs's lecture closed this first week of this so far highly successful ex perlment. There Is a slight "Why can we not raise as good wheat in the Eastern change of programme for the future. The lecture asd Middle States as for,-nerly ? It is generally sup- which is sow given in the evening is to be put intoTHE BKUSH JI7D0HXNT.Ckartet Brusk rs. Mayor, ic.—Tbe action in thiscase was for services as Inspector In the regulation of the grade of Flfty-first-etreet. The matter was re- ferred to Chas. E. Jenkins, who gave judgment for plalntlffforgSM 19.Tbe motion to vacate this judgment was based oasimilar grounds as in the preceding cues. The ar-PURE IRISH linen SHIRTINGS,ANTED-A SITtJATlON AS SEXTON OF SOMEpesed tbat it is because our foU has run out, as theaaytag is ;—but cut down a piece of fitst growth Um-ber, sew it to wheat now and see if you get more thanoae-half or two-thirds as mach as our lathers did.The cause of this deterioration must be sought forIn Ike prevalence of insects, and tbe midge ani thelly must not lake tbe whole curse of it either. Threeor four lately arrived foreifners are most active co- for Cassius M. Clat, on the 22d of February—aas- workers wi*h them. The wheat plant in all stages picious date for the valorous Kentucklan.of Its growth is subject to the depredations of Insects. A Convention of the school visitors of New-Haven From the time when the departing mow shows County met in the hteh school to-day. in cormectiona bark, Naples, Cotton, 7-16d., and back from Sirrlly to New-OF EVfcBY DESCRIPTION. CHARLES HEARD A CO.,No. 301 Orand-st. IBIFORTATiON.SPRING, 18*0. ONE THOUSAND CASESPARIS-PRINTED ORGANDIES, JACO.'ATS,PERCALES,BRILLIANTS, &«.,From the eelebrsted makers,GroB Odier, Koman & Co., Stetobaok, and others.TWil THOUSAND CASES 7-8 and »» E^eUt<H PBINTS.Heyle's, Schwsbbe'a, Potter's, &c. ALSO,A YOUNG MAN A SITUATION IN a law office, where he will act in the capacitr ofSummer suns waving fields of golden euro," its ll'e is one coniitant warfare against these petty annoy-BUPEEME COITRT—CRAHBEES.one, 200 tons, same voyage, $1,200;a Br. brig, 132WANTEL-farmer, by a Protestant GermanIt has the earliest green of Soring till—— Biihop vs.DoyU.with a New-Haven Teachers' Association. Over onehundred persons personally engaged in teaching werepresent. The Convention was addressed Prof. " byh. S. Gaizsi, of Brown University, on Methods of midge came from Europe about twenty-five years lEElruction In English Grammar," and by Mr. Dinklon "A Course of Systematicto 50c.; a brie, 245 tons, from Norfolk Antigua,have made It into'*Motion granted. Hodget vs. ITofcatf.-The defendant Is fined the whole amount due on tbe judgment, with interest, and must pay tit) costs, ana shall be committed to jail unless he submits to an examination on the 7th of; recommendatloas willera. It suffers roost in May, June ani Tne July.schooner. 120 tons,to Cuba andback, $900:avs.tlTANTED—A SITUATIONvypriiate f.ittily ; has furago, a little insignificant quarter-of-vmo^qtiiio thing$3 25 under deckPhiladelphia to Clenfuegos, Shooks, 35c.; one. 3i>0BAREGES, SHAWLS.—bnt itt as ravages,C. of this GaniN,Molnsses,a bark, 300 from tons,ascertained by the Stite Society of New-York, amount la that State alone to fifteenatMotion denied, and $10 costs to _Ibe light on this subject that the moet experienced entoawlogists can give. The books extant on this branch or natural history, being Euelish, are almost valnelessfortheAmericanf»ni,er. OnlytwoAmeri- can works are published, and these are not for sale— Ibe work of Dr. Hjasis, and the fiveNEWBroadwsy,Chambers and Bcade sts.twtl p to fi>urteen years old, to act as cash- boys, A. T. .^TEWaKT k C'>..of the After giving the structure and history of the trans-—Lecttires to the New-York State Reports Society.liberal terms and at lowplete assortment of the newest and richestformaiions of the insect,keenners of the antennae, by stating that two bees, bytoocbing these members of each other, know at oncewbe'her tbey belong to the same hive or nM and of Oyer and Terminer, but the District-AttorneyFelonious assault andFalse pretences2incidentally showingthe|;bat the ichneumon fly knows by ti>nr!iiiTg the bark of moved for sentence in the case of John Crummios,the tree whether his prfy be underneath or not. Dr. convicted on Wec^iiesday last of the murder of Den-entertainment by exhorting nis Mcllenry. The prisoner was placed at the bar, and, upon being asked what he hal to say why sen- tence of death should not be pronounced upon him,accoroing to law, replied :' Mat IT puBASK tbi Cocai : I have not much to say.I have one thing to say—that I never entertained for one moment an intention of injuring that man. It was said 1 went out on the street, and followed him.J Just published by TICK NO)RR&FrrCH closed thethose who came in con'act with the insect to renewed diligence in the examination of its history and trans- farmation, with a view to discovering a point of at- tack. He believed that, like AC1UU.IS, they weie not entirely invulnerable.BRUSSELS, Wwaiter and seamstress and to de light chamberwork.evecijig's— Total 129Y'ai.x CoiLiGi, Friday, Feb. 3, 1860.As the course progresses the interest in the I did not, I was afraid of my life. I went along theITS IirPOBTANCE TO THE SEXES, ks.An sntirely New and Suocessfnl Method for tbe CarsIMVliNSE SACRIFICE. FIRST-CLASS GOODS,DRAD«HTSMAN WAWTED.was the "Curenlio andaairi, as many and aa pernicious depredators amongourfruitsasinour The grains..Nnr-Yoax,and fruit) feeds the sixty,Ingbxhamhim in the following terms, amidst the impressivs si-dssayassa. profes- ladios of all elaaaes. all tbat we do not toeApple-Borer."There he are,he imnginableage. Perfsetly.isstBia fn»,apple (Including tree pear twelve, the\ sentenceprletors of theGalvatonIfnot. Forsaleby LaTtMitR BBOS k SBTMOtTR.moresoftandbeauU'nlmen, jndges, attorseys, doc^anksional men and gentlemen aadovsr the wortd, bear testithmeonyHioKoai Gaova, St. Coonty. Mc CharlgJudgethirty, and numerous others Intest our smaller lence of the spectatorson a Monday largepeaih sixteen, the cherry twenty-five, theSaturday,Will offer Merino I'nder-Sblrts,frulta. But far more Important thandUBcnll of coaquerlng, is the curculio or waavll. Tbe Hessian fly has found its parasitic de-stroyer, and has thus ceased to be formidableIMISCELLANEOUS.I Hit. Sany,Whisky.New s'yl»*s.at a great redaction. Also a fall veryNov, It,grape because moreThe receipts of the principal kinds of Pro- reportedsayplum-ceased and appears to u-ave been of long standing,pigs. Provisions,ASHES—Sales have been reported of 56 bbls., atJOHN HOOPER CO.'S CITY AHD COUNTRY fcNEWI6PAPBR ADFEKTISING A6XNCT, Ko.41 Park-row—N. Y. Tiais Buildlag.stockof cravats and scarfs.F. DERBY & COMPAMYlast Sommer we were induced to use some of yeor Hmt fcsierMlvs, audits effecuwere so woaderftu we «sln»«»dttty as; ttteand areconstantly receiving a larHc and general assortment ofJaiwcr^Rothat fact as wall as we doT li will not depo-it esgslntbafraHaf atreesoleaidog ovw the waterand best se-raisebanks of streams ate full.treesanew. TheWeek's S4.Is2h8.ipmWeenetk—'s receipts,Q.-Is paring of any use ?*20^21 lbs.,24Hc., 6 months. In hond. less the dutylopes theplant, be-13c ®14l4c.;aad tke parent coeollo knoT" Itsare In demand, ladndiag 44c.e44J«e.; Western at 431«e.»443<«. ;iargtstWAHlTBstDt-ismrirmumAmTtitoaNlHt.b^ejmrasbtral'abl* babUsan'tIn the ConuDon Pleaa on Saturday, proceed- y^VTark.aikaatb«<r1t7tobjrmvnathecreditofthe thatladroppingitwillbedeitr.yed. Con'^i"'°'7' ^V,**,!*resumeduponthemotionmadebyComp-plums. Wild phjmgencT,ANsw Havsh, Saturday, Feb. 4, 1860.ed, and no nrore.Water is always present in the atmosphere. This istence on record of theof tion of lethargy aad dullness, without much prosfiect Ity, Damask Table Cloths, Napkins and Doylies ; Table v» lion first-class waltrets in a private an-; also,putis proven by the phenomenon of rain a coldtherefereeonthetriaLforanyearlyImprovementin the look of business.:Damasks,everywidthandqualitywhich wUl insure saUsfactlon to oar ci.tomers. Al^, 2l6t St., opposite Gra Ns. 78 East—Ammonia called hartshorn, because first obtainedreferred, and conse-3. Tbe allegations of the Comptroller's affidavit sparingly sought after, chiefly at g3 50 ^ 280offering at aSimATION BY AAshof Plants— Potash, Soda. Lime, Magnesia, &c." The ash or Inorganic part of tne plant was at one time supposed to be merely accidental that theseApslySt.,Improve the growth;ft. Lard continues the knowledge and attention of the Referee. That unaltered. Sales: 280 tcs. and bhls.. in lots, at 10540.to c. BnOEHAU. who has returned to the Pervants' Institu'e.his old plaoe, atence in the quantities it contains.GtOTgtservices as Inspector, (123 79. Oliver VaUntme vs. e28c. Sisal, 40c.®4lc. Vera Cruz, 40c.a42c.;down, some cases ten thousand. Salts (of soda and potash,for instance.) diminish this transpiration, or rather lessen the proportioa of water.It is commonly supposed that silica Is the stlffenerof the stalks of our grains, and that this beingonlyCura- TheabovecasesweretranscriptsfromtheMarine coa.No.I,rOcaSOc.each:Curacoa,No.2,40^.9isacarefal driver and a geo4 gar-effect to prerent from This Is allyard.: is not afraid of work. Call No. n Bleecker St., for threegood grain lodging.a mistake. There is more silicon in the top of a stalk of wheat than In the bottom, and more in the leaf than anywhere else, so that silicon is of no effect In keep- ing the grain erect. But salts hinder transpiration, and the less water that passes into the plant. In pro-Pleas but an orderSPICES—Salesto-day mats 8,000COACHMAN,Cellulose Is the stlffener of the plant, aad the dryer and harder this suostance, the better will the plant stand up.an action for for Inof a defective sewer in East Sixteenth-street. It ivas referred to Chas. A. Hay, and judgment given forgallon. ceptpri''e.WANTED— respectableACOACHMAN'S SITUATION BY Atbe plant selectsbales Cottontbe afternoon at 3 Vi, thus bringing all three of the lectures into the middle of the day, so that neighbor- lug fanners may come in in the morning and take the tnilns home in the afternoon in time "to do theYork, on private terms:406bark Pathfinder, tons, sameWANTED-BY,Uoyiif ir'.l^th :fX''»^.V -.-!»Monday last. third lecture last night— order.Co., 4.500 Dry Buenos Ayrcs and Montevideo, ;Oaaal-st.coraer of Mercer.in the r'l»n». °<"""*"'*'^'* *'^' desUtuUonMay, who, after hearing, gave judgmentDry Central American. 18819 6 re- Bis., 21c., moolhi,jecting bad hides; 775 Dry Porto Cbeiln, 22 fts.,LINEN"appearof tbemmade to grow without any soli at all.for tbe sum of gSS-J ComptrollerWO- tmst- basnenMeetlon CltrnfMmiees C»ll for twodays.at Ne. U.»iraer nrman its.. South BrooUyn,sceaad Boor,in the soU. Some plants indeed can be The question69. now moved to set that;man, SB omt thnronirhiT nndftrstands bsr%^t NcaHgonr gUnegTittw^fta* itbntarB 6, i|86».chores" at Two to this are made- gument iu respect to this case was still pending at the night. exceptionweek.one in putting Hon. Harshau. P. Wilses down foradjournment of tbe Court.Wm.C. for motion C. A.ship Covrin; 554 tsns, 4,200 bbls. ;WANmaTrrEieDd—man, with littls tnctunbraaeebest of reference from bis last place for capability. Bo- briety, honesty and carefalness. Direct D. T., Box No. Zll Tones Office.lionday night nextand the other, a similar changeNoyesforMay, Brush,has theIdga, It Is hoped, will prove analogous to the fly Intkls nspeot, bat a Uke eoonterpart for the curculiobas not yet appeared. The curculio is a na- for which you are now to suffer. Instead of aaln^ sj, ra>-albo, ou p. t. ;you time ,bad..Our little son's head Ibr some peeapeneeuylive insect, and altuough known over one himdred years ago, its ravages have not been great till iwlthinfollowed blm. out of the house, commenced an as- sault upoh him by throwing a weight at him, and whan ha returned the assault witb stones, you armed yourself first with a musket, whiek you exchanged for a sword, and thus pursued him. As he ran fron you he fell, and while tn a fallen condition and help-who aonreciate STYLE AND QU4.Lirv iN CLOTHl.-^G.Importing Tailors.No 67 (Talker-«t.friend seeing his safferiogs. advised as toyour butthe last few years.Twenty-five years agowild plumtered bales.quotations.:J,:,(K)to oarsorprise, and that of all our friends, very applicatii.ns removed the disease entirely, aaaa new and luxuriant crop of hair soon started out, amd vecaa now aaj tist our boy has aa heal th7a^,aea)B, and as luioriaota cropofhair as aay etfasr s>i!d.'^n saa. tberetoie. and do hereby rseawill jreat AalaratiTa,lices were loaded with fmit In their season, but now11 is Impossible to find them yleldhig a single ripenedriwlda. MoblM. R.O.ATn.OFFIOK FOR PBOCURlNa ABEBRICAN ANS FOKEIQN FATBNTS.moi;rm.nu gouos. BOMBaZlNES, CRgPES, POPf.rNS, VEf.ODRS, OTTOMAN, &e., 4c.as much a mystery now as ever it was. It Is known, matters in your defence whi.^ could be [doneample, and prices remain about the same.FLOUR AND MEAL-More activity has been dls-OENSRAL AOENT,Washington Olty, D. 0., ,beenoeeptmore tempUng place. differentfor the end th<tand that towh*ehyouareSuperfineState ->94 SOOfmany remedies,nonehaveas prescribedM. C. from Illlnoii.ing Eooda,No. 651 his constantly on Broadway,York ObtrrecT-4 Wha'e Otl Soap, tified As it wasfor him at tStO^tO 7S V bbL Sales 300 bbls. Rys FlourHAS n'oT "nE*KD JF "ij._WHO jaEWaU-st,^-BaakMolata«raAar aad.^duiii gsuHU exseaSST V* '^^.T^ur^.tii^i'.fj""^-.'"'apjear.prove criminalcharged. that ha woald be thsbbl.J»8. faMm B*nsi. I^easuw.STftaoaowonBa^Socr^in^'"" ter Is of no use wb:a»ver.LSulphur, ounces;*""'.* gallons; Tobacco water,bytbeevidence.impossiblecontinues inacUve at tt MWM40 for fine and sapsr-provsmeataea .b"tedMAPAMBPREWSTBRfSbehaJ^«n^a• andlmsntaial —4 Drench tte leaves with this mUtuie bv laeaas ofin this •i.d other cul«, £r?fee«rr^^^^^^is'l^onetime,to the Court that on»bhl. ComMealIsInrequest,hicholas r. Esq VeddtWashington.D. 0.^^J°y^ lliili"- '" ""i* «""-'he asked for a postponement to some day during tbe preseat term,salted rhonsanda by^''"*to enter that Into an argument at^The Ul-'^trlat-last person to take anyFRUIT—Raisins have been mo-ierately dealt in. birlndlne layer at g2 S2!49«: 55, and bunch atg2 S7Hl^v. ^?'^:iv.','^V3\35..^^;;opposed; Richard Busteed in his own behalf opposed.;city,Study for Children between the ages of six andtwelve;City reference frmhisIsstilsce. C"nbesven,fortwodays,atNo.Discussions and a reports followed, showingfrom Baltimore to Cardenas and back to Biltl-       EMBROIDERIES,OVES,LINENS,       CLOTHS,CASSIMEtlES. HOSIERY,A. T. STEWART * CO.,for which the was convened. meetingthttt day.White vs. Monroe.abide the event.—; Hound, 713 tons, to Melbourne, thence to EattALESANDrR'S Kin Gl WHITE GliOUS.jec'SStrdgiee, isn't it, that the people of the North willshipIndies and back to New-Yorktons, to Matanzas ; a schooner to North Side Cuba and back, on terms not made public.HELP WAWTED. /ANTED-BRIGHT, INTELLIGENT BOYS,OF DENNIS U'HEHBT.On Saturday there were no trials in the Court83 Robberysidewalk, looking for a policeman. I think I felHand the man (deceased) came from tbe other side of the sueet, nlth an armfull of stones, and flung them at400,280,375,399, 153 101,317.ScpxaioE CoDKT.—Port /.—NCs. 365, 275, 423, 457,Intended for ase. By Cbaslis popularIN —lecturesincreases. Moreki relation to the lectures onFitch, and as the Doctor came in this morning, withhis bundle of specimen boxes under his arm, "thelargest audience of the season" greeted him with ahearty round of applatise. His subject this moraing ceased) was continually threatening me. It was said —Nos. 66. 134, 253, 434 to 1537 inclusive, 1538, 1539,givencompe- Tryon-row.especially entomology byDr.—not more. I me, and I followed him one or two feet459. 241. 460, 471,489,491,50,1,327, »57, 358. 249, 250, 29,403,375, 501,431,461,507,245,441,511.401. PartIn the Syracuse Uedinal College, New-Tork, author of several Medical Works, ko., kcply to T. '0. STE'iSOK 80I icl tor of Patents, S ,is thisthecaseBIB80VS. DR"8S TRIMMINGS. LACES, EMBUOIDEKlES,NO. 699 BROADWAY,A few doors below Honston-st.did not know what I was doing when I struck himtbolog;Forsale, ebolesaleaodntalU I'rtcc post- $1, Beat,there was no good Christian present to prevent himnj part of the eonntrr by mallat me. There Is no one living that can say*^HENnRICKSOS. BLAKE k LONS, NaaHandISann-st. PnbllshsrsandBooksellers.talnicg Btatiitics. historical and biographical a heavT reduction on cost, in order to clear it out in the of the hair, if used two or these «throwing man I ever injured man, woman, or child. ThatTbe above store havingTEUmvii; ihet PROF. WOOD'SBATIVE will preserve inCalUbly the greM^ aadtocolorI had a musket that belonged to the United States, and which I carried for four years. I am wronged by myprosecutors."veratnhyebur make it ;I had arms in my house to kiU him. I deny it.,proceededtopassuponFeb. 4, 1860—8 P. M.duce, since our last, have been ot murder. The difficulty between you and the de- 429 and 370 bbls.:JoBN CacuMi.Ns—Vou were conylcted of the crime33 bbls. Ashes. 467 bbls. Flour, 42 bbls. Com Meal, I 570 bushels Oats,»5 25 for Pots, and ti 37)4 for Pearls, fi 100 lbs. Stock in the Inspection Warehouse, this morning, 1,332 bbls., including iW5 bbls. Po's, and 337 bbls. PearU.it is evident from the testimony that at the time of the afliay you tnitrtamed angry feelings towards hirn. It probably waa not without cause tbat you thus feU.P»o». O.J. WooB^Deur Str ;Soaw Uaieand if had rested salibfiea with Moi from you orderingCOl-'FEE—Has tjcen morebeen rejiorted of 150 mats Java, at 15c.s^Ies hiving Msrcbants vishUgto extend their btuiness should AOTaRTISBNEWto the wantsyour house you would not have conmltt*^ the crimeactive,and 5,«05 bags Rio, at l'2c. tf)12'ic.GOODS,^^ e.ENTLBMENwith sores, and seme called It scald bead. TheyouJ. H. k Co. For prouptness and rsli&bliity they refer to Ray-mond, Wesley A Co.. publishers of this p»p«r.in all sectionsof thecountry,gave jou a patient hearing,' andThe latest Paris style, Five, six, seven and nine Flounces,Tsaarsh,arabnebseacwoahiicnhg rpernedaeiraetdai^d By(de-3S6. 365. 378, 401, 2219, 418, 419, 420, 421,)Mwever,tnat it ukea but six or eight weeks for it to pass thetknogh the several stages of Its existence, from have pr^o_,perly found jyqou piilty of murder. ccmlble hi the aiarket for Bute and Western Flour. Respectfully In thejuryoffers bis services to tbe public as Atter-lar offtnces. Seek to yourself prepareHon.Court of New-prices by hairbss cone in a;82, 310, 268, 330, 412, 416, 422, 408, 430, 352, COHKOK PiXAS.—Part f.—Nos. 75, 121, 287, 305, 343,IT IS NOT TOO MCCH TO BATs SINCE ALL, OLD AUD rOOMft^AFFIBM ITBUmreeoBveved adjoamed till thisCKyPriaoB. TkaCooiiAmb ——-•—DSTwhence come theseof vegetation. They are supplied to ths payment for all the services claimed by the plaintifflli«., I7e.. 6The plaintiff denied the allegaUon of payment, and iMasUoBfiom the Buffalo Saefogs Bank a« to any de plant by tbe atmosphere. This body which enve- avers that he has a cause of action for serviceshides;DryQuiLTii!ARNOLD, CONSTABLE k CO. WILLOPEN THIS DAThundred cases UARSElLLESand TOILET QDILTSaaita maiilemrmn-lm tke Mottbcn Dlttrti^Wtearth contains this food for theing composed of oxygen and nitrogen, with a smallhides; 2,300months, rejecting bad hides60370Canal-st., oomtr of MODRNINU GOODS.WOMAN. sscook, washe-and Ironer. or ir'oersl housework, chsmberwork. waiting, or leanstTesa andcent of carbonic acid. Thorels also a trat:eper ammonia,of and nitrogen plant,and that be was paid up to Jan. 5, 1865 regularlyexport. Cirv Slaughter, partnnderstands each well copM'.tjone of the moat viluable of;forpaid thatonee\c., cash; 1,000 Singapore Buffalos, 24 Bis., 8n., of a superior quality, varying In prioe fron $1 Mnnrse;show no : :childrenas refemiaa c .n Callohllglnp and fond of at No. 73 Bleeeksr-for twidavs.A THOROCRH A BEBVANT,Indefatigable55 bales ftlo Grande Hide riut 20 bales Calcutta Slailgtifer Cow, terms. The stock on hand of 0« and Cow filrlldveBsteis 299 600, (same time last year. 87.800-year be'orc. S28.400,) 193 hales Calcutta Cow and Buffalo. IRON—No Important movements have taken placefertilizers, to thebut tbat he was not, nor has he l>eenmonth—January, of I8U. thatyear,for 60a73 lis.. export,SXc-atnonuutrv Is ;this fact that it could otlier source than Its ownalso denies that hs bas declined to take:day LACO.NS,comer Canal-st., of Mercer.:creams ae*of the air in which It He gave It a s<, il destitute of this element, andcollusion.Mr. Noyes, for the1. That the facts stated in the affliavit of the(lew.allowedpibnt had reaobed Iu maturity, which it did very quickly, being deprived of this necessu-y condidon of growth, it was found to contain, though growing in an atmosphere four-fifths nitrogen, jnst as much ni-the rea- followingI,EONA»D,J.one, 140,000feet,botb empb'vmenrsForgery Burglary Grand larceny Abandonment52 Perjury 241 Abortion" Dr. Hammond has lived lone abroad, and is aJi saHedioal Bsform."—ifome Jiumal, M. tbnsiast for Sept.keepsie,/f.—Nob.40O, 278, 460, 472, 478, 302.free, to a ^tb Ike•f^,!!^'?**^ **»7' 8«1" l»^ *•«7,000 InAals while aad yellow Jaraeyaad Swt-TCT*at SOe.«ne., aad 1,000 bosbels mued WastaiS at Oe. m baskcL Sales were aUo efliwtKl of 1,0H bwMi Hje,lasnuJIlots,atgScatlc.aodI,i00Stateilar-leyCanada, siState at 44c.«45c. ®J?f;i,i^'"^'TM"JSc.atle.Vbushel.UoUer Haws to open a long list of rws.iv- BIDEiv—Have been ^ nioijerate ileiaaod—less for•rereakib.tedintklsC'tt.allofwhich have been se-of thisJoyce judgment was reported la theTiassofdrooping ssles, 39 4('0,motion la iUappllcaUoo Ottiers were now taken up' In theirIHI KELLT JinjOHKNT.WAW te'«*"., Mayor, c.—This "o"forservicesin thestreetsofwas an ac-3,884 Dry esport. lis.,privateONMONDAY,FEB. «,makes nice has lived Ibr vears In herplaces.*««» vs. Tke;Buenos Ayres. In bond for Mr,MnxinsmoTadtbattbeerldencetakenbe-desUtuleoftheproximateorganicelemonU,suchasseoondWard.TbeactionwasbroughtIntheCom-l21ermlbs;.,l2l3.nT.o,oD8rymoRnItohsG,rande,partonspefnlaHon,L.NENB,from3Ecentsto40seatsperyard.Also,obllglDgdisposiu.n.AnyladyreqairlageachhelpItheTwenty- *m* <to Pro IUb CoBmtttee be prlated, but the starch and sugar, we shall find that their sub.tences mon Pleas, and was rslerred, In September, I8W, toItteadf ot tbe Pro Rata bill opposed tlie reaolutlon'tMmflT, and It was laid orer.Mr. CoaiuM called aptke reaoliKiaae2132522c usual selection: I.OOO Dry:Hj t al(lTotpted 07 tbfin Airreed lo.eleanlng: IsefanCharles A.for the olaintlfiOrinoco,21as.,.6 months, nsual «ele<-.tlon; 1,286BABK8LEY TABLE DAMASK, NAPKINS, CLOTHS and TOWELING. Also, BARNBLEF SHEETING, from SO to 76 cents per yard.Theaside on the usual affidavit of fraud and c>dlu8longooerendered, for which he has not been paid.leges that he was to have beeaQuii.T«::ANTED-BY A PaoTVSUNT YOCNGreverse the as alleged judgment,their large stock ofPOPLINETTKB. PRINTS, eiNGHAllS, ORENaDLNES, ORGAKDIES, Ae.Comp- that the fact of the receipt being on file, and not produced before the Referee, Isf"•j'q-*l-BROADWAT,BEl AND WiCS,N AMITYwork thnrnnchlvtroller are not denied;mostly of the former for future delivery. LEATHER—Tbe week's movements In this line«TH STB.has got no <>l>iee<inns *• saHStwIth;is neat aii<1got the best of Cy'ryerfefreerennc.es from good famuies. CallDeclsloDB*at 10 o'clock A.the said costs, or unless he pays tbe said costs beforeyears' LACES. 64 rniveruity-plnce. r-e^r 13tb-st.February,M.,Geaeral 8essioas«The February term of this Court will commence'his morning before Hon. Recorder BAaSAio, with the following unusually heavy calendar. Toe murder cases. It is probable, will be mostly tried in the Court of Ojer and Terminer.CALINEAa OF PBIBOSUS VOX SSNIEAI, iZitlO^IS tOC. PSB- BCAXT, ISdO.;PUBLICATIONS. A NEW VOLlUEwor to assist in n::ikiDg saTes. Applications to bjt made in their ownhand-writiot'. st.atiiig name and references.batteryMurderArson SRape 4HTANTED—4GENT.^ IN EVERY13 Embezzlement Receiving stolen goods. 2 Bastardy1CITJ. AND VVtown, inactivep,e^:jrson.withacapl»Ioffss,ean make t2S per week, ^. £. COOLEY k CO., Poogh-400baKS Mi- COTTON—Has attracted more attention at unal-adaptedooreredOF TASTE hsir almost entirely came off la ooBSsqnsnes,stten a;We have beard of sales of xw-Toaz atAssmoAiioa.NORTH, SOUTH, EAST AND 'WEST.ase Restorative; we did so with little hoj* of saoecess, fewHe al- paid semi-monthly,lbs5,000 Wcatem Slaugh-Busieed, late Corporationon owner's accountXKTAVnilt-BrvT sitnatioo as cookjn all its braaebes:Phlladelnhia. during the week, sales transpired of 6,0(X1 tons' Anthracite Pig Metal, at t23 for No. 1, and g22 for No. 2, on time,Chambers, and pays37 Felony I18H,CARPETS. With every variety ofRUGS, MATS, C^COA MATTINGS, OIL L0TH3,itc.as first rate cook, washer and ironer, the other as Apply at No. K yest 43j-st.5lSECOND EDITION NOW RBADT: DR. HAMMOND'S NEW MEDICAL WORKCalcBdar—HoNSAT, Fxs. 6.BtrrBEHE CODBT—Circuit.—Part I.—Oyer and Terminer. Port f/.—Nos. 2039, 369, US, 377, 436. 83, 550, 763, 5, 484, 88. 37«, 53*. 558, 5«2, 5«8, 570, 572, 456.Receivedperrecent arrivals.liroidway. Chambers and ReiLilests.WANTED,TWO COMPETENT422. Port It.127, 1587, 1588 GENERAL'maRKETS.M&^STO-:mnohla its favor. Road following.apdjadge:alam. So numerous have these taaeots become, thatthey have attacked other fruits, as the apple and less yon inflicted upon him three stabs, wnlch caused Oidlnanrflfteaerry. As it has been known for a century, It would his death. Tbe weapon used by you, the nature of Middlingba tnpposed that all was known about it that cau be, the wounds inflicted, and the mode in which you In- Middling Fairbatauchlanotthecase,furwhereitis,andwhatitis flicted them,clearlyshowyouintendedtotake EARTHENWARE—Moderatetransactionshavedoing, lor nearly three fourths of the year, is almost bis life. Your counsel faithfully urged all the been reported, during tbe week. Supplies have been ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR AT LAW, AND SIJLK AND GRBNADINB ROBES. FFaor. Woo»—Dssr Str: H*,Vplaaa. 99M Il)i UH• 9M nn im ll?i HH UH Mti1. J. PIB8S0N, No. t Wall-sU Nsw-Tofk. A nasrMit otlatbrmailaa sent ewe.Great bargains wUI be offered in the above goods. as aperfcct remedy feraU<ll>w»«s)Bi~l|°a^Bl hair.'Ley and Counselorat Lav, and Solicitoregg i*> of coarse, batched, and in due Ume becomes a were actuated, is a dear sacrlice for so trivial a pur- extra. Prices are quoted firmer, and large lots are Bounty Land and Land PatenU speedily obtained, far- WBTs WET, WETprow- cut'Oo of all kii.ds of Cl^mt before thj Executive De- arit la tke yoong fridt, lays Its egg and dies, Tnls the feelings of passion and revenge with which vou shippers and speculators have been inquiring for a.rtarat of the Oovemment; Passports, Pensions,Ik* to tiie insect that makes iu crescent The forfeiture of egg " perlsetyourlife for the sake of gratlfyl.-ig State braads, especially, have beea la fair demand;A. T. 8TGWABT A CO.asiac Bair yo«rBestaratl«a,a;ta,ago, it ., ttsase IsMsaat-Busteed;2 I 1FISlLDS, Boston.New-York.THREE-PLY snd SrPEBFINE INGRAIN ANTED.—TWO PROTESTANT OIRLS, ONEWllaHMJCrauly te a( ftnltinwhiehinItsturnto its Theed.Your hasbeennumberedwiththedead,of$515,aadeveng520for500to1,000bbls.ofextrawhichhave,uponthedlscontlDQaQceoftaevariousLo- OnrlastInvoloeoflineFrenchCorsets,having bepIreferredtothoseprsdasad^hy1h»anbatioIBre-IfOe;bat where, at the end of that is the time,But the act is one that cannot n)W bo Tecall- not obtainable at our lowest quotatioas. Offers of licular attention will be paid in obtaining Land PatenuCORSETa nraUl«c<o*l)or, andeasaseamxeld a saiuMffia—M .pose.deposit egg. enemybeeneouclusioa is obvious, that it must seek some other and the law condemns to the same fate which State, havs been refused by some of the priaclp»l cal Land OlEcesof the Wsntem states, been returned M damased on tbe voyage,rhare ever assd.youhas befallen bim. The jury have recommended you holders, who are asking gi 25a»J 30 * bol. We tbe tiener&l Land Office In Washington City. astonish our ladyfrlenda. Now Is tbe time for greate»l.lis or any other pr*e|paratioosTfcreceptacle for the purpose of perpetuating itsexUiecce. This is an observation found to o« to and that recommendation will be forwarded have heard ef sales, since our last, of 9,M)0 bbls., in-Nos. 283 and 341 Grsnd-st.ftr«»ai7 r.ilMtm^arrWill attend to pasiness before the siveral Courts, and bargains.actuallythecasemes.Uie Inner nark furnishing a suitable place for thing to Induce you to entertain any hopes of escape at ^4 Kiatittereceptionoftheegg. Alimboftnebutternut,a fromthepunishmentto whichyouaretobesoa- ferior to eboies superfine Wlaeoasin, Indiana, bamsessthatmaybeputintohijhands. Noattsntlou order,andarecheaperthentbecheapest,eombinhiffpl.puarppoesneof«^—^ «.vmercy,; it breeds in the bark of our f irest to the Governor ot the Sute. but I cannot say any- cluding suoertne Siate at t* 95ag5 05, chieflyCollectionswillre:ei»e attention. Theprompt chargesO-gitj. Tjm permlAsion --. :-.--.-k.^,,1A^oilie n-lth It, furnished by Mr. LASGWOETar. showed tenced. The frequency of crime tn this C ty, and Mlchigaa and Ohio, at $4 OOagSIts pecnilM crescenl-ibaped puncture, and its larvse especially of murder, in theextra towa and•lessDos, eosnomy, aod grsat dnrabllity No. 375 Broadway, Ko. SX) Canal St., No. 7K Bowery, No. IU^*^^'/JJo{Jd3.'«bSS?,^,Si»!3?l2paid to any commuoica^ loos asking lof'>rmatioQvice wlthont with a fee. being accosapanledlust four generations and for more certainty In •i50«95 60; round hoop extra Oklo, sblpptng Jascabt 9, ie«0.ad-Oi»miTMAtt,0.,Feb.JO.l»J;Wauiwwew^Mg-. Dje, •jjaj':were found under tbe outside bark. There are at become so common heie, call for a more emdeut ad- Mieblgan, at (5 m4>t< 30: inArter extra OhioNo. 244 Grasd-at.SKELETON SKIRT MANUFACTDRBRS. indaied to tryI^—OSteel mschine), also top ;'late braidingsnd dcnbling m»chines for sale at reducedWK. D. SLOAN, atitbe Bmpire Works, foot of East Kothiog but 2&tb-st.Jhjeeor in a year, and they ministration of tbe Uw,Bine, who bad been "in«yo"H*'»'i!t«SI~2l2t iS^CMiBlt their eggs to the bark of trees at all times,to deter others from a repetition of simi-•or charscter and responsibility, he hasand eierj hair winding neatly"nypunishment,nnaomid Flmr1^ nieate & othorB 'hat are anltcl«a.astBave Beta, wsawwboi young fralt offers aTtiscoldofAutumnovertakesItInallitsi-mies, andrrawling away It Ues dormant durloi the so soon to be called. The sBnlence of the Court is ExttaStaU "Winter. This Is believed to he I's John for themutder of wnlch you Superfine Weetera0g4 804«S 50} LeoryMorgan.JudgeBopreine « 15 « 9 2» York, Syracuse, N. Y.If adulyKa^oVd.sly'mSs^etlhivySMLMuf1erasyTwJeaeemsMaSat;which have Wisconsin, at $S 1S«$<nljhtaffrays atbrands, at t* 6i9$i 80 « bbLbeea allowsd the privilege to refer to the following named persens.vlz:°*fextra Stale at $9 IS^gS 25, ia-APRIZSEki.rl—s cannot slip oa Ue springs or get out ot Hoopdoabt of iuperfcrsttnceof aUawaits you, for history,althoughthatyou.Crummlns,CBse,N.y.Twhen he would be able to' -« a' the Insects The the Indictment no offence was»h»judgmentstill a Matter of mueb dispute. No nnrasltc of the t)een be taken f.om hence to tbe pris- Extra Iowa and Wlsooaala Sis « 8 00 Don Ira Court of New-York, have convicted, Harris. Judge SupremeGOODS.-WOMEN'S WHITE AVDBBOWK benefit 1 have recoived fromProt Wood acaicoUo has yet been discovered, UMlesi It be one on from whence you came, and that there, on the 30tn Extra lUlaels.IadlaBa aad Mlchigaa... t 20 « » 20 Alh.ny.N. Y.WE (Merino SbirU. Also, PrluU. Moslins, Linens, T-ibletive. Yoors respectfullv._..A,found about six months since by D. W. BaDSu.s, of St. Catharines, C. W., a desc.-iotlon of which has beenpublishedintheAlbanyCaliivdtorandtheCoun- tnr GentteiHan,yetHon. Reuben H Walwor'Ji, Albany.N. Y. Hon. Amasa J. Parker, Albany, N. v.TbeRestoratiTeday ofthe morning,be hanged Extra Ohio, rooad hoop, sblpptng brds. I 65 « S 80Godhave ExtraOhio,tradekrudi Fancy Gsneeeet'lothii Tbble Eroaicloths, Ca*stmer,;t,Isrco, medium Andfor •mf"i,i."'?ciT;;ii=^ind retails »Itwenty per cen'. mPo«r^e'tfo„pTMr^op*or1t2top^SJbSafa rails for «2 per •»•"": ^JgCfiftMJMarch next, between the hours of » o'clock In Inferior Extra Ohio » 50 a S 60Jotton Hcse, Chlldreu's Hose. Men's Cotton Boclis,is Pot u''"'and 2 in the afternoon,you may«•« » 5 JOHon. Amos Dean, E"q,Aloany. w. Y.AcCovers, Napkins., for sale by Wm.MATHEWS,no. M Catharlae-st.theneckuntil and by you aiedead,»8S» 40555 «7Hon. 8. A U.S Senator from niinMs. Pcuglas,Bon. John A McCierrand, M. 3. from Illinois.00The prisoner Hon.ACAHD.-W.JACKSO!C. IMPORTER OP M<iURrf-mercy upon jou.seemedmuchaffected. Hiswife,whs ExtraGeneseeMBl. more m proMrtion^aB*M|BleterV ^__ tard eve.y article desirable f» f>mlly moutnlog. o J WOOD& Co., Pranlttan, Na, ns Brsadvar,rained the public confidence. Jarring the tree, thus was In the Court-room, eried out. "Cheer ap Crum- Inferior to nhalee Extra Missoart > SO 7 35 Hob. IsaicN.Mcrris, M. C. from Illinois. James C. Pobinion,(in the neat KawifM Wli* ralllnf sstab-e-iuslng the fall of the Insects, and then cullectlog mios, cheer up. Plenty of liw, but no Justice." Bas Boathem Flour is more inquired for at former Hon. John A. Logan, M. C. f^mfonnd by many to l>every efScacious, bat others com- Tbe District- Attorney moved for the sentence of at «3 asegS <S for poor to good sonerfina Alexandria, Hon. James 0. All-n,ex-<. 0. from lllinola and Clerkt>lain of Injury to the trees bT tbts ponndtox, and the Court on Mortimer Shay, convicted of the murder BaMBon and Biaadywtns, *e. gs 7e«$r far fancy of House of Puprefentatlvc, I'. S. :PricesveryresAcnable j .W. R.—l adits' -wn roaterlall made to order.ASTROLOGY.Vew-York,and NoUahaient,) UtMBtMal,,n. Leais.Va.,lllin..li. tbem by means of sheets spread beneath, has been then burst into tears. rates. Sales hsve beea reported of 2,S00 bbls.. In lots, Hon. P.. B. Wasbburne, ¥. C. froui Illinois._j, aiTdaoldbysllgooddgitJWaaidlaasygsodsdsaleisphui. stui fall to receive much benefit. Tne ben of John Leary. His counsel then moved for arrest of to choice extra braads, 9 bbL Canadian Is in de- «P«; n iB that proposed by Mr. Coioosas of tne New- judgment, on the grotmd tbat the verdict was not jus- mand. Including Inferior to very eholea extra, chieflyBon. H. If. Bice, rr, s. Senator from Minnesota, Bon. Cyrns Aldrich, M. C. frnm MlDDCsnta. Bsn. wm. wlDdnn. M. C. from MJonesot^. Hon.C.uWasbburne,¥.C.fromfiiciiailn.•xjATioNAi. BAMK V09» eomsSZr^Stthe lat-•l*'f*o«r ji^^, depredator, but there Is or to confine or limit bis rights. He wished to argue @it 40 V whole box. Other articles qalet.after, main-!'^!J?!,„ ,?.""The Is a""'.the sulphur;Attorney repliedcheese and Abemethy blaouits, Bass' pale verymen^^^^—^^—m ^^_^-^_^^pa .ore remedy tor it. Soft at Wbeat has been more soap applied about tne Ut tke question once. GRAIN—are soughtcon and bamsalso,scire fineDublin bami;!fi"^ ^"iTM,M""*">' P'"«'^ its attacks. Of ttis iknie Is no doubt.;»»tasb, are <o€m1 to removs h»ri, b,^ from the bodies,h a saiall IM at gl 43 II bosbal wit?'^ i its:,sadJaaemtrees. BorcraareworseonthebybyClerk,loeludlDg wkKc Caaada,the Judge, read1,000 ascertaiasd. Coraislegalrlgbt from the prisoner,».next. If ttere shonld be no trial then before tbe Court. Sales have beea teporlad of l«,50»baskels wblta Cal- Aberrethy b'B-ults, &c, ;la answer to qncrt'ons: Wh«i, „ti ,o»p soda and Tbe death-wan ant of Crummias was next signed Ifoinls, chlaly to a City miller, on private terms, hut der. The rnlv home tbst flies efery day's date of Loo-theSbeiUr, wko took poeaession of the pclsaasi aad badllS^lJjShiand t« the givent;;extra miools, Indiana andat (3 7S fjr Jer- sey. t4 IS for Baltimore, and $4 30 fer Brandywine,,flne,I ptliTO-DAY—SOCTHERN SHAD, F'olo"grU~sdh"biannEchR of mutton. For Lunch—Raised pork vies, Baobnfy cakes, Kpping sansagea, English ale aad Qnin- nees' porter r.a drunght. For Sale—^'>nthsm Shad, (ire: Gloster, Cheiblreaad Wiltshire cheese, bt- Bur- Bventnally the motion was postponed tni Thursday ly by millers, and prices bsve not varied nuich. gem.' aT>,t Ooe.e A BUek well's pickles aad aaooe«,4 90 • 5 00Boil. John M. Jaycox. Canal Commissioner, Syri-UenntitledDocumbadhides 4(10 ;Dry Savanllla.ARNOLD,C0N8TABLKw.,hlDg a-d Good i-oolpg.ON NBUTOUS DBBIliITTs OENERAL,L.OCJX AICSCANVASSERfoSr.b—ooks aod periodicals. Apply, to- CanxAssersday, toJ.S. HOMAKS, Ne. 63WUUam-st ,s«ooadBeor, cornerof Cedar-8t,Every facilityla offered for thispurpose by;ewks, washers Iran-llru.2,600 Dry Buenos Ayres and Montevideo, 20 9-20*4»B., 24c, 6 and 8 months, usual selection;ntas flrst-clas. cook aod excellent laundressDry Southern,15317:np-town church by a man with several years' ex- perience A note addressed to F. R. D., No. 21X111 av., TABLE-CLOTHS AND NAPKINS, wl>b realnsae and place where an Intsrview may be2Shides; 400 Dry Port-«u- Platte,cashei<c, cash also; 4,600 Montevtoeo. sent to he tanneda British brie. 2''5 tons, from to Sicilylyist. and all the duties of the offlee copy performvoyage, $2.(100New-York or Philadelphia, $1,600; bark Oregon.VX> tons, to Montevideo and Buenos Ayres, (laid on,) 25c. eSOc. f) foot ;Flour from Richmond to Rio Janeiro, gl )) hbl. ; Sic. bark Lyetir/riii, 398 tons, to Trieste, $3.200 a brig, 200 tons, from Soanlsh Main to New-York, Mahogany, $7; a brig to a Windward Island, 6flc.;best of reffeerrences as to honesty and sobriety : wages, $4 a:;Address A . , Box No. 13S Tima Office.A GABDEKER'S^SITUATIOH, BY AA SITUATIO"! AS GARDENER ANDton*,to St. Lucia, Hogshead Staves, $11from Frankfort, Me., to Martinique, $7 50 ^ Mundentandstors, to North Side Cuba and back. Sugar, $5 |! hhd., SILKS,AS WATrER IM Aop ROBEKTSON'IJ 8EB.MON8.SERMON'Sby the lateREV. T. W. ROBERTSON. FOURTH SERIES.1 vol. 12mo. tiniforra. $1,IKTELLI-^RNT OF UK YOUNGIfAKss, in a who esaie house, as salesman and dreand and be veil acQUsinted with theof these Diseases;D. Bamhokp, M. D., late Professor of Anatoiny and Pa-MtlCHCnAnJsitinltCeAmIp.loymentto aJABBZH.NORTON)daring tbeTRESKNT week, to close tbe balance of Vsaie,yeaiaoftheuodersignedwillbereasonable,andhisbesten- ergies acd capacity will be devoted to all matters ofMME. DBMORESrS PRIZE MEDAL §laeve drteosrseifnegr^t»araised pork pies siadetoor- don Timet R1CH.\BUB0M It McLEOO, Ho. iO« Uald-HBNRV BFEVE. comer of Canal and Oenoeand West sts.the lars«e» U tbe City.:; satisfactorybechown. Inquiie No. 31837tfa-st., between <th aod >th.a HtnatlnoWILKES tHOYSAVa. That there was a want of diligence on the part of Messrs. Wiiiu A WiisasTai notice thus: "Hem- Have now on hand a foil assortment of Mourning goods for two days at Ko. 173 West 33d-st., near Mk-ev.the Corporation i;oun8el In bringing ihe fact of the ex- lock Sole—The Leather market continues in a condi- also a full aasortmei t of Linens, every width and qua) «rA>TED-BY A PROTESTANT OIRU A SITUA-to thevesselinawarmatmosphere,anddropsofwaterat 3.Thatthecasewasimproperlyreferred,because S"inceoorlastonlyafewbuyershavevisitedthe andDamaskTowels,kc. Thesegoodsweoff^ratreceiptknowledgea; Ihmtir drrstandBhe;- work thoroughly in all ItsbrKeches thebestofCitvrererencesfromgoodfamilies. CallorMr. Busteed opposed the motion, and urged:abgirl,asc"ok, waahsr,it,the rough, of good quality, is in ratner better de- sive. It was a general denial, and put the whole fticts mand, and market rates are more readily obtained."i'-i. Are nowBETWEEN AMITY AND 4TH STS. WILKES AMUYNAHand ironer. or general servant1. That the answer of the defendants was conclu- of the case In issue.That the case wasquently tbe aecislon of the Referee Is conclusive and final.is obliging,and highly r'e'c^o*a'a"m«e"a~d<e~d-"2,;FIRTT-CLASS nnderstands Jelies, seops no objection to a first-class baardinM<ease.Samu.—Forslinllar services. Judgment,$12279. ChagTvs,40c.e42c.Court. 45c. each 28c.'£30c. eachdener, or grccaderer; is obliging and willing tr\useful on or about a farm would milk cows. Ae. kc.;WestJudge Dait decided that tbe Court of Common 20c.e25c. each: Buenos Ayres, 4Oc.®S0c. each; Pleas bad no power to vacate a judgment of the Cawnpore, 28c.®30c. each; and Maracaibo, 35e.®:theon execution for ten days, with leave to the defeud-Also, assortment ofaots, toapplyHave been purchased to the extent ofAt 25 cents per yard.;proceedings to the Marine Courtftgrantedstayingat 16c,in the meantime, to vacate the judgment.SUGARS—SOhbds. Cuba, at TiicaTHc.; and 3,000 bags Per- namhuco. at 7'iic. ?> Bi.WANTEDun.de—rstandB tbe c'otn andfecfly fancy basiness,—damages overflow. consequence thisfor same cases. Decision reserved.;at No. 292 4th-av., near S2d-it.. for two days.receipts of Sole Leather about 49,000 sides. Upper IneetDFinished Stock remains dull of sals. Boots and Shoes—Business has falrlv for the season opened Springrates, as yef. confln'ie somewhat nominal."NAVAL STORES—Crude Turpentine has been lbs, Sririts Turpentine has been in fair request at from 4434C.S4554C. * (lallon. Resin has been llghtlv dealtthe balance of their Fall stock of dress great rednclon.at Is. per yard. Farmer price 28. 6d.Also, a lot of and Plaid Mobairs at la. StripedFormer price 3s. f;Q-| BROADWAY,\JiJS.Mr. Noyes contended in reply that the Mayor andCorporatiOB Coutisel must have known of tlie factsstated, as the answer was evidently foimded upon aknowledge of them ; unless this were the case the bbl. Cut Meats are in request. Including Hams, at cent, less than imported prices. Mayor could not have verified it. If they did know 9Vc.«9Vc., and Shouldern, R*.c.e7c. V B>. Bacon isBOO FIKCKS SrEINBAt;H k HOECKLIN'SFRENCHWill be;fity re'orencet given.to per-mit the Court to judge of the discrepancy, if any ex- In, including6d.,1Ic.Va. BeefcontinuesInfairdemimd,atthe affidavit of the plaintiff does not deny the exist- steadysales of 300 bbls., In lots, at *«®gO 62)4 for new Mr. Busteed said be would concede that if any such repacked Western Mess; glO SOagll iO for new extraDELAINES,At 30 cants per yard.FFMALE AND MAI.BCTNro^eoriDnan anH other servants, at Vos. 13FaRndEN14CBIiTbl,e f<ons>. 8tb-st . between 3d nnt 4th srs.: alee, Irft-elaaa Frenchandotbercooks. French.Aermanand lasgaageispoken. AladvInatteodaaea.ence of the receipt. ratesNEW PATTERNS,receipt be on record, then this judgment should be opened.:Western Mess;gS®gS 2S fer Country Mess. * bbLItaUaa; 9deree.BeefHaras.gl3« The matter was heard by Judge Dalt. at Special OIS V bbL BoHer is dull and heavy at lSc92lc. fer Term of the Common Pleas, who, after argument, re- State, and llc®15c. fc Ohio, « a. Cheese is sala-openedMONDAY, Feb. «,At Ne. 33S Broadway, comer Worth-st.EDWARD I^AltntERT <fc CO. UOVRNINGGOODS.Smbraeiiig aVery choice collection of NEW AnD DESIKABLE FABRICS, Just received atPrime Mess, tiragia sowith leave to the defendants to file a ble snd steady at9c.ail)4c. f) a.servedcopyoftbereceiptalluded to.andserveasame on tbe plaintiff—and with similar leave to the prices. Sales have been reported of 180 tierces, indecision,plaintiff, as regards any affidavit In denial thereof. TBI MARINE COtlST jnoOMIKTS.Martin vs. Tke —Mayor et aL Judgment forGARDENERWISHESTOmrrAHcopyWANTED.-whAohas aad rar- employer graperies, greenhoasecommon atTar continues Inactive at $2 2S'a»2 50 fl bM.atfor old mess, gl8«tl8 25 for new mess, gI2agl2 12lb., nsnal terms.choicesplendidA RfSPBCTABLEMAN.WHO PEB-wishes for an in a store etgagement dry goods:;BoUvar, 2.'ic.lots, chieflyfor old prime, and tl4 25Sgl4 37)4 for new prime, 71Are closing out their stock of Fall silki at fall 30 perKo. 80 4th-av., In the Millinery Store.WANTED-A SITUATION AS WET NTTR<lI.ri respectable, beaithy woman. w1si>es a sitaatlen ; bir infant is ot,* month old. Apply *o Vn 149 Grand' St.,;Diia—San Juan. 40c.®43c ;tageearningbnsiness.No. 335 Broadway.comer Worth-st. ment. Samuel Ifusam vs. £aifie.—Same services. 20c ®22c.: snd Florida. 2lc.e23c.. ?l lb. Goat—Tam- EDWARD LASIBERT Oc CO. ~NOW IS THK TIME TO BUT KICUDRYGOODSCHSAP.CHARD'SHEARU«CO..No.301 Grand-St., A&x SOW orrxaixo raxx ixpuceuxatsIN K[<:H DRbSS 8I1.KS, refererce At 60, 6t, 10, 7S, 80, ts, 90 and ICO cents per go^dH. F. Gilmore vs. Same.—Same same services,Porto Cahello aodjudg- 30c.a33c.; Missouri. 25c.'S27c.: Texas and Arkansas,Madras,:Cassia,Indies,WHISKY—Sales 450 in bbls.,23c. H; Housekeepers;Barcelona,veryAddress, farthischiefly at Subsequently some holders refused to ac-—FREIGHTS For Liverpool, the engagements In-cluded 50 boxes Bacon at 22s. 6d., and 150 tcs. Beef at averred in the former 48. For London. 200 boxes Bacon at 258. For Ant-Protestant man vonugat 27s.at iic The latest charters, according to the Skip-6d.,brig RrmhMxc, 288skeichf B, tc, relating to Texas. With a map. Pob- next tbiriy days.tllshed by W. k D. RIOHAROSON. Editors aadbald with nature's own omameal. thsFio Stationers We. 31 Natsan-st.F.-DERBYdeCOMPANY> NO. 67 WALKER-ST.,assortment ofSilk Under- Waistciats, snd FRENCH BATISTE Pocket-Handkerchi-^fa.anyd,aad the preservea one, 250orJABEZ H. NOBTOJf. sth-av..Si,.M?ia^ .;onsaf theFAMILT OE HODSEKEEPIKO GOODSlected st».ks erirespectable appearance. aocustoniM to nerve In gentle-APATTI PLAIDS, superb article.per yardMAY I/'OK y< "R A BIG STRIKEIN WHITE GOODS.PRICES PEDOiED OVER THIRTY PER CENT. IlKK EHOLISH lONG CLOTHS, soft finish. For hand or machine work.liken 8heet1ngs.Scotch and rcssla diupebs.andALL-WOOl, SaXON PLAIUS,ping List, have beenSavannah to Liverpool, Cotton at 13-32d. ;400 tons, from Charleston to a port in Sweden, Cot-trm, 1 l(c. ; bark Mountain Eagle, 376 tons, hence to BLEACHED AND BROWN COi TON CLUfHS. tad, will be promptly att-nded to.PHFETINOS AND FINE DAMASK DIAPKRS,aAt 3«.4x4 actual;moBt respectable rererence. May be seen at Mo. ISO West 24tb-st., near 7tb-av., every day for a week, fromTO WH01.ESAI.B CiRFET BUYERS. A. T. SrEWABTACO.a com-designs ofJOHN CEOSSLEY A SO-N 8, BRINTOK'8,8HEARD'S, and other makes ofBroadwayChambers A Readests.,Have for sale onprices,know thetrytrade. AdoressL.N..BoxNo8.»4Post-iffioe.WILTON,TAPESTRY VELVET, TAfESTKY BRUSSELS,been leased for another busi- ness, tbe whole of the new and valuable stock, oonslstiig HE TEXAS AliMANAC FOR 18«0-CON- of about $30,000 worth of choice goods, will be offered athave now landing,and the aflSicted. to report it. . . .STOCKcfthelateUnao( A.T.STEWARTfc CO.,WEABE8PECTAin.lt ANDOOlfPE^ Evorn^ng^wYoman, a sitnatloa la City er country,* CO., Canal-at., oomer of Mercer.assistfrom her last Place. o' State and * iroct room*men's lamlUes In the capacitiesvants, todies bawe asly teeall at h^nnino *C0.*8TYLtANTED—ABITUATIOW, BY A YOOIIOthe washing ,^ ,BuckabUck, Diaperprices address note at her present emploT»r's.: basWAN sple-aAnd experienced• nd gameWAgNooTdE adtraveler ness.:stationery City«withThe first imported. oletl nseessary u dnsskw-M.will be sold at tbat will pricesgardMOORE'S. wbsthar asaHai^fXi CELE- severry foaaTF..;.,. ifr^e..quiredobllalMK;B»stnear 2d-av., between the hours of • A. V. aad 6 K M.to No. 14 «tb ANTED—A STTUATION BY A RE«FECTA^ofider glass.alsp orchediea and pmpagatiDgon alarge scale in Bevtralof the finest efltabUsbments in England. Bas aunderstands the care and management of horses, cattle.^ kc. alsono objection to the coimtry. ApplyDhe mustpaperbuii- and coun-will lietent dranglilsman- accustomed to locomotive work. Ap-thanscalp free from aU disease to the greatest age. >^tes-was In that eendttion and MCrl ;!tni within tbe last three ws^ltit as anto beinudslesdpensabieatioMw^th*e r"im^-Paor. WoOB-Dear Sir: ByIt. Ih^^fs"'.head oa« ««fc^»oCwJ^:ia-"efijb».;. aaasksacan give quince than ou theeatenaa sotSB-lase,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069cor.Fcarl-st.www.fultonhistory.com 