 6NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JUNE 22, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET. rNEW YORK HERALD. U>ke City some particulars relative to the inter- ruption of the Pooy Express by Utah Indians, andThe Opealag of the Bast—Ce)»traaatatg Policy ©f the Nations of 1 hrtstea*oaa.The opening of the many-millioned East to commerce and a free intercourse with Chris- tendom Lsa question that now occupiea the attention of the leading Powers of Europe and America, and the contrast of policy pursued by the several governments involves one of theThe T*l«g*m»>h and the l^ahlte—Ii Lpoint to go that way. They are astonished ger, the United States Consular Agent at Wind- 4 tant Mr< ting of Shareholders. i when they are told that they are composed for sor, Canada West, addressed to the Present ofThe magnetic telegraph has now been in ex- ' the moat part of mercantile men, who sacrifice the Detroit Chamber of Commerce, in which be istence as a means of communication about fif- i their time and money to this duty. Our commends the operation* of the treaty a- highlya r r c afavorable to American interests in the North- west Both documents are well rorthy of at- tention.j"V^^**1^^*i*^j^i**H I I E T T i < DMTUtt AMD raOTBOPOR.n. w. ooawa* o# HASSAH AM> FCITOH STS.the measures taken to reopen the route. Major Eapi»n left camp Floyd about the 25th alt., with a bod? of picked troops, to chastise the red skins. From the present aspect of aflhirs, the Indian tribes of that Territory, numbering 18*500 warriors, are preparing for a war on the whites of Western Utah,teen years. In this short period it has been i visiters cannot but form a respectful opin- extended with such rapidity that more than one 1 ion of the military power of a nation whose citi- hundred thousand miles of its iron nervea are zens are all soldiers, and who serve without pay. at the present moment vibrating with intelli- i Uncle Sam must have grown wonderfully in gence throughout the world. The large pro- I their estimation in the short time they have portion of forty thousand miles is in this 1 been in New York.country alone, and so extensively are the pub-lic availing themselves of the advantages itoffers that it is rapidly taking the place of thePost Office as a means of intercourse betweenone individual and another. The telegraph is to the good breeding displayed by the ladies of l" w h i c h » P**ter love for the negro existsmore employed in the United States than any- the metropolis in the matter of the Japanese visit. " ^ te Massachusetts, of course Uese poor where else in the world. Everybody uses it. It will be remembered that we alluded, mote in exil(* w i U *• ***"« *ood. ©are of by the Boston It is an institution. It is therefore the'more sorrow than in anger, to the very bold and pre- P*°Ple *!$«** *&y expense to the governmentsumptuous manners of the women of Washing- ****** o f b e t o t *<*** in wooden sheds, as on a plan that should at once combine the ac- ton, who, being demoralked by coming in con- ° * y *"* •* f pf w<*> **j wfll no doubt boM^...^"^*^mMil bf mail win V «« t\*mat netHtd a* *«6*cr<j^io« especially those in Carson Valley and the Washoe most curious and instructive problems of theLOCATJO*.or TMKCArmtEo Na-TUBMS. » • * <" •**«"•<••mining districts. This hostility on the part of the * „ a „— l M , i i the Bmrammm Emnm e**ry wtammaat. red skins is alleged to be on account of the indig- nity of the whites towards them for a year past, and especially for the massacre of Indians on Hum-age.The White Czar, as the Emperor of Russia is called in the far East, has extended his away over the wandering Mongols of Northern Asia, from the Caspian sea to the mouth of the Amoor river, and both China and Japan look with a feeling of apprehension upon his ad- vancing power. In the East, as in the Went, the tide of conquest has flowed from the North over the South, and it is not a little curious to ob- serve that two of the great currents, of human| |a future to Boston Instead of to Florida. This^rSF^AMILrTKMALDqwarler a/-Ow* "at four ee*U perboldt river.A despachfromCape Island, N. J., reports thatthe United States steamer Wattier was run into atthree o'clock yesterday morning, off Absecom, by' • * * «*> doubt a very economical, that we are able to bear the most ample testimony • •oremeat, for as there is no State in the UnionjroTvWT?* MM* q f w g y 1 — cocrayowil—ot We do not an unknown schooner. The steamer sank in half[DrtSrViMMKATS <fay-odi«n an hour. The captain and forty of the crew wereJ U i i U aM iHtht saved in the boats, bat about twenty of the crew J,u4 ZTO* Waaxir BsmAUt, r*«U.T¥ • 1array. The Teutonic branch, after traversing iniiMya OA«MH. Bwa4way.-ta»Y or tea laas- denied his own Identity, but on being pressed the north of Europe, pursued the patha of itsimportant that it should be well managed, andcommodation of the public, at economical rates, tact with the fighting members of Congress and Mconraodated in comfortable brick houses,TTVAMCSKMINTS THIS RV*NINO.name of Achille Drance, when first confronted,When the enterprise was first suggested, by reason of the peculiarity of its original organi- zation and the doubt that prevailed as to its ultimate success, many individuals who did not belong to the class of capitalists, merchants md shareholders of the day, were induced to lend it their support because they disco-called the Common, and this would be an ex It will be recollected, also, that the venerable cellent location for the negroes, for they couldlie off all day on the grass, basking In the sua, or indulge in some of those war dances whichQ i a i i t w Vaaianss—LA C a r m * . finally acknowledged who he was. He had won w w m r j B m a a w . - f w O T corse-dutus a couple of thousand dollars at gambling, the re-[_Mt w i r f i taxiiB '««>«• n-M»W1HTKR GARDRM. Broadway opposite Bood street.- California, intending ultimately to visit Australia. Ov» hAJRAlMMi. _ _ _ _ _ The Court of Pardons of New Jersey have re- LACBA KKKWT8 THBATBB, Bo. CM Broadway.-Oov- fused the application for a commutation of thedevelopement upon the sea, and their shipsPremier, General Cass, was fain to confess tothe Ambassadors that there was no power inthe government, either in his department or now impart such a lively variety to the barn-7 BKW BOWBBT THEATRE, Bowery -BiCMUttr-rVm of the murder of his wife by poison.ruling races in China, are yet looked upon by these as having the kin of a common originusefulness and profit which have since and doing what they pleased. Of course recently sent a committee of the, Oorporatua been developed. In consequence of its the Orientals looked upon this shocking (to to New York to inspect the Central Park, aaithem) state of things with utter amazement, and see how we manage these affairs here, in order ties arose which have never been satisfactorily thought, no doubt, that matters were much that they may be able to lay out the addi%n«tO—HOBAH C*M«A-BARKTTYS ABBBICAK MTJ8RTOI. Broadway.-Day sadMUMrras, Aft _ _ _ _ _BBTARTS' MIB8TRBLR. MMAMle*' Hall, £ 1 Broadway.- Soac*.UAHGW,*C.-WSOoa*memm IliufcRTBU)'8 SALOON, Broadway.-Q«0. OmiSTT'a Mtw- R M U u 80WW, t u n c * * , BcaUffftOKft, A U - J A T A i r w l TMATT.The thirty-third session of the Excwe Commis-sioners took place yesterday, at which seventeenlicenses were granted at thirty dollars each. Tin with themselves, and alike antagonistic to thefalling into the hands of this class, difficul-We print in another part of to-day's paper theHomestead bill, in the shape that it recently passedboth houses of Congress. This is the compromise demoralized democratic party are numbered, bill agreed upon by the Committee of ConferenceDa the twelfth meeting. It may be interest-and transfers it to the coffers of a monopoly.When we take into consideration the fact thatthe press pay this company alone $150,000 perannum, and when we remember also the state-ment made by the President that the press payhospital.1-THE CANADIAN RECIPROCIT* TREATY—REPORT o> Mn. HATCH.—We publish to-day an abstract j of the report from Israel T. Hatch, of Buffalo,the Red river of the North. It appears that travel can now be performed, in stages and by steamboat, from St. Paul to the Red river settlement—a distance of seven hun- dred miles—within eight days. The route lies through a fertile portion of thr North- west, and the facility with which it is u-ed for travel and transportation presents u pleasing prospect of frequent communication with the hitherto remote possessions of the Hud-on Bay Company, and of the developement of o:;ralja-cent frontier.Our readers are aware that the R«*d riversettlement numbers about lO.OoO soul-, and that the expanse over which it is widely scattered embraces resources conducive to a growing and prosperous community. The fact most striking | in relation to this matter is. that the lludaoa Bay Company have now adopted thii newly opened route for the transportation ot their goods. The old route, by sea and thro'.igh Hudson Bay to York Factory, which they have used for two centuries, is now n-linquwh-ed. So, also, all hopes appear to be ab-tndouedof opening the much talked of route from Fort William, on Lake Superior, via the Lake o! Uie N Woods.The energy which has contributed to render this Minnesotta route so available cannot fail to advance the commercial interests of the North- west, and even now seems to be an incentive to the liberal emigration moving towards the Redriver valley in Minnesota.a • "portunity to aid in developing the resources of the Croat West.it will avail them nothing. The party is brokenWe republish from the London Times a most ad-mirable narrative of the Sicilian revolution, from to pieces, and, with one, two or three tickets, it the appearance of Garibaldi on the scene to the must be superseded. It is too badly cut up,THE BONAPABTES.—From all accounts the condition of Prince Jerome Bonaparte i*The steamship Asia, from Liverpool 9th andQaeenstown 10th inst., arrived at this port yester-day. An interesting compilation of the news is and unite upon a compromise ticket, git en in to-day's HBBALB.very. The last bulletins represented him in M prostrate a state that his death was daily ei- pected. individually he will leave behind hhatoo seriously crippled, and has too many bones !The description of the scenery, the insurgents, the broken, to be healed and put upon its legs attack, bombardment, and all the incidents of bat- again in a single day or a single year. It istle, is most graphic, and, together with oar own practically dissolved and disbanded, whatever Palermo correspondence, which contains » minute may be the remedies attempted by this Conven-gad highly interesting description of Garibaldi'scamp sad personal appearance, we hare a com- tion. In brief, the National Convention of thef»Ve%a history of one of the moat remarkable events democratic party, having become degraded toThe profits arising from the carrying trade fewer regrets than any member of his family- out of the navigation of the St. Lawrence by Deficient in judgment, self respect and dignity, American vessels, and the free navigation of his career has neither been a useful nor a bril- Lake Michigan by British vessels, he contends, liant one. The last of the brothers of the gnattaking of Palermo, a period of only twenty days.gtfOWtBMS.In another column we publish news from Califorthe base condition of Tammany Ball in its worst days of ruffianism, is only suffering the fate ofshall be brought in daily contact with everyfound the speeches of several English states- portion of civilised humanity. Let these events in one year alone (1857) a hundred and nine Bri-men commenting on the recent seizuiaof slaver > be consummated, and the wealth that will be tish vessels cleared from Chicago, freighted with by American vessels. Prominent among these engendered, and the benefits that will accrue to the produce of our Western markets, for ports gentlemen are Lord John Russell and Lord the people of the United States, will be of a on either side of Lake Ontario. Thus the con-are missing.Accounts from Pike's Peak state that Isaac V.migration, which have flowed (torn the steppes»•. m recently been identified in that region by an old of Northern Asia in. opposite direction!, are remuneration of the holders of stock.the corrupt and unprincipled lobby, formed P«*ably to some of the finest mansions in Bos- themselves into predatory bands, and made **• Scrneveiy fine houses are now being buttt guerilla charges upon the illustrious Orientals, to t ^ aeighborhood of the Boston Park, vulgarlyFowler, the defaulting Postmaster of this city, haacquaintance. Fowler, who had assumed the now meeting OP. the shores of China in hostilewith a perfect system of operation and properto-day, having rounded the Cape of Good Hope, port says, and proposed starting for Salt Lake and crowd the waters of China and Japan. Therive at the same point by the century-trod land t w o * i W t r a - O n lATk**** BWAMT. death sentence of Rev. Jacob S. Harden, convicted route, and, though feared and hated by theTreasury is quite another matter), to restrain ceive, are about to enlarge their park by the vered in it the elements of the powerful the crinolinities from going where they pleased addition of two or three blocks, and they h*vtTKMPI.K OF MAQIC, Ml Broadway.—PBOWSOO* JAOOM.RATIONAL CONCERT RALOON National Theatre.— mails by the steamship Baltimore between thisWhile these events have been progressing, another branch of the Teutonic race, pursuing its western march, made its home in North Ameri- ca. There it has spread from sea to sea, and, like its European brethren, has pursued its path of developement upon the ocean. It has cir- cumnavigated the world, and to-day its repre- sentatives stand, with those of Russia, England and France, before the gates of China. The history of events there for the past twenty years is known to our readers. The opium war of England, the subsequent occupation of the five port* by the same Power, our Japan expe- dition under Commodore Perry, the advance of the Russians upon the Amoor, the landing of the French in Cochin China, the capture of Can- ton by the Allies, the treaties with the United States entered into by China and Japan, the attack on the Peiho forts, the reception of our Ambassadors at Pekin and Jeddo, and the de- parture and arrival here of the first foreign Japan Embassy, are the prominent events that mark the contrast of policy pursued by the several governments, and which point indica- tively to the future results to all.The last advices from the Bcene of these events inform us that the Chinese government has positively rejected the demands of FranceOrleans.This company, covering as it does a most im-were pretty well tired of being stared at; but fine domiciles on all sides, and every comfort that circumstance did not prevent a repetition, within reach which thd ardent friends of their '* in fact an exaggeration, of Washington rudeness, race can devise for their enjoyment during their w >gomery, of Pennsylvania, and Messrs. John Clancy and Wm. H. Ludlow, of New York, had a severe personal altercation, which is likely to lead to anat $18 12'i a $18 2$, and new prime at $13 60 a $13 82^' and England, and the course of th*c latterrious a calamity to their interests. The onlymanner in which this desirable object can be tained between the parties. There seems to beappeal to arms.among our Washington despatches may be found Laguayra, Rio aud Java at full prices. There was moreis the largest number granted at any meeting this year, and makes the total number of licenses granted thus far 253.The Postmaster General has agreed to an ar- rangement with the New York and West India Steam-ship Company for carrying the United Statescomers in Bhips. It is the confident belief ofthe Cabinets of Western Europe that Russia hassedulously cultivated this idea in Eastern Asia,and this supposition forms to-day one of thecomplications of the web of European politics. Atlantic seaboard from Nova Scotia to New thirty miles around the country, the Japanese borhood of the Tremont and the Revere, witsport, Kingston, Jamaica and ABpinwall. The first departure will be on the ltith of July, and a long list of freight and passengers is already engaged for the trip.The only business of interest which came up at the meeting of the Commissioners of Public Chari- ties and Correction yesterday was a communication from the Emigration Commissioners, informing them that they have appointed a Conference Com- mittee to adjust the account between the two Boards. It was referred to the Committee of the Whole. The number in the institutions at present is 7,280, a decrease of thirty-seven for the week.The argument in the West Washington Market case was again postponed to Wednesday next.Bute*. The Convention did not come to a vote on afternoon the previous day about 1,400 bales were EOW. The market was so irregular, and especially for the lower the reports, but the New York delegation, which grades, as to reDder it difficult to give reliable quotations. holds the balance of power, has decided in caucus, Middliug uplands ranged from 10J£c. a lOJic, without by a tote of forty to twenty-nine, to sustain the any desire to sell at these Bgures on the part of holders, report of the majority of the committee. This de- and especially below lQ%c. There was considerable ex-cides the question of the dissolution of the demo- citement in breadstufls, with an active demand for export, cratic party. The secedera will, in all probability, giving rise to a speculative movement, especially in Sour reopen their Convention at Richmond to-day, while and wheat. Sales of the former were made to the extent the Qbougla* men at Baltimore will, it is believed, of about 31,000 bbls., closing at an advance of 10c. a 15c. Dominate their favorite. The proceedings yester- per bbl., and 190,000 bushels of wheat, closing at 2c perday were characterized by considerable turbulence. bushel advance over previous current rates. Corn was A streetfightoccurred between Mr. Robert Ran- als-o firmer and active, the sales having reached about60,000 bushels, at quotations given In another place. dall, a son of Hon. Josiah Randall, and Mr. Mont- Pork was firmer, with moderate sales, including new messSoaaa. DAMES, BcaixKjoa*, AC.FALACR QARORN, fourteen— atreet-- -PKOMKNAOK Con- CUT kill SOIEIK I>i-\U!1U.OORKBB Of THIRTEENTH 8TREET ABD rOORTH AVRMtlR.—Ctumiu MUAHKBIS.TRIPLE SHEET.Hew 1 ark, Friday, Jwas »», I860.The N e w s .In the Democratic National Convention at Balti-more yesterday, the Committee on Credentialsmade aeveral report* relative to the admission ofnewly appointed delegates. The majority reportadmiu the Douglas delegates from the seceding sales of 1,000 bale* were made from store, and late in theportant section of the country, and taking in itsroute most of the principal cities, has a capital Their quarters were ruthlessly invaded by sojourn.The cotton market yesterday continued heavy, whiledo as they please. The first conflict theyhave had on this score is with the press. sons who are formally presented, but mixingThe only disadvantage which Boston labort under as a temporary resting place for the?e chil- dren of the sun is the climate. It is a little too cold for them. This the Massachusetts peopls discovered long ago, and that was the reason why slavery disappeared from that State. It would not pay in so cold a region. But thwdifficulty may be obviated by keeping the Afri- cans in well warmed houses while they reaaia pending their removal to the colony of Liberia. Upon the whole, we consider this arraagement on the part of the government very wise, bothSugars were steady and quiet, sales having been confiued to about 300 a 400 bbds. Cuba muscovados, at prices given in another column. Coffee was firm, witU hales ofgovernment, in asking a large appropriation from Parliament for the Chinese war, Waves no doubt as to the policy those Powers mean to pursue. Force is to be resorted to for the pur- pose of breaking down the exclusive policy of China, and opening her crowded ports andaccomplished is by securing on that occasion a a very wide difference of feminine opinionfull representation of their strength, so that all about the Japanese, but there is only one im- may be present to hear what is said on both pression upon the manner in which they are tosides of the question. If shareholders cannot be received, and that is, with the usual conven- be present themselves, let them entrust their tionalities which obtain iu the society of wellB a l t i m o r e .••Whom the gods would destroy they firstmake mad." We refer the inquiring reader to our reports of yesterday's proceedings in the Baltimore Convention. They were unique, and in every point of view they are full of Instruc- tion. They betray the character of the mate- rials of which these national party conventions are composed, and particularly the predomina- ting element of ruffliurism. to the full gaze of the world. We perceive, too. in these scenes of brutal violence, where all should be har- monv and conciliation, that the davs of thisover the Chinese, in physical developement, in science, art and arms, gives him an immense advantage in the war, and the event of battle between European and Asiatic forces Is a fore- gone thing. It is a prevailing idea in England that Russian officers are employed in drilling the masses of troops in China, and marshalling their resources for the struggle; but we do not find that this supposition rests on any tangible basis. It may be merely a political manoeuvre, on the part of English statesmen, to influence the granting of large subsidies by Parliament, or to prepare the people for any possible re- verse.0 associates who have the same interests with them.would be only too happy to give their provin- served by the establishment of competing | cial sisters a lesson in manners. The JapaneseNAVIGATION OF TH£ RKD RIVEK O? THS the intention that they shall be conducted on a I hey have availed themselves of it in that com- NORTH.—In another column we publish a letter merely remunerative principle, and not on a plete and thoroughly perfect way in which from our Minnesota correspondent, aud aa arti-system which, like the present, draws from the hey do everything upon whicju they set their cle from the A'or'ieester, containing interesting pockets of the people an extraordinary profit, : hearts, from buying a bonnet up to building a intelligence upon the succes^ul navigation ofand that it is in the agonies of death.only one-tenth of the annual receipts, some idea ! just presented to Congress, on the Canadianmay be had of the immense business which has Reciprocity treaty and its effects upon theOf the real policy pursued by Russia we ing to recapitulate the points of difference Upon the question of the contested Southern know nothing. Her intercourse with the sceneother branch, the Sclaves, following the foot-steps of their Tartar-Mongol predecessors, ar-that of War, or Navy, or the Interior (thecoons at Key West The Boston folks, we per-a tabular statement of the appropriations made by- Congress for the fiscal year 1361.In Congress yesterday the Naval Appropria- tion bill was passed. Also the Civil Appropria- tion bill, and the bill establishing a mail six times a week between Sacramento and Port-land, Oregon. The Senate held an Executive session and disposed of all the business on the calendar, and discussed the Mexican and Cen- tral American treaties. The House passed the Na- val Appropriation bill, and several unimportant measures A bill authorizing a loan of $21,000,000 for the redemption of Treasury notes was intro- duced, and a motion to lay it on the table was ne- gatived by a vote of 63 to 101. The death of Mr. Schwartz, of Pennsylvania, was announced in both houses, and the customary resolutions were adopt-ed.been done by the company, when they receive revenue of the United States. Mr. Hatch re- between the original House and Senate Home- delegations the New Yorkers asked another of events is entirely* distinct from thai of the their oapital back every year. ports adversely to the treaty, and recommendsstead bills and the bill that has now become a night's reflection. They hesitate between the other nations, and we learn little of her move- 1 its abrogation. He represents it as unjust and law. The House bill extended its benefits to all With such facts as these before them, the pub- unprofitable in its operations towards this coun-freight offering, and among the engagements were about 75.000 bushels grain, mostly wheat, at 7>;d. in bulk and at 7 \ d . in ship's bags, to Liverpool, and 8,500 bbls.flour at Is. 10 S'd a 2s., with flour to London/it 2s. 9d., and rivers to the commerce of the world. * We canto Glasgow at 2s. 6d. have little doubt as to the immediate result of T h e D y i n g A g o n i e s o f t h e D e m o c r a c y a t the conflict. The superiority of the Europeanproxies, not to directors or managers with bred persons of either sex. We were always class of ministers than we have now all over whose interests their own are antagonistic, but satisfied that th? Jadiee 0 f Manhattan, among the Union, we are afraid that their contribu-citizens (and all who have declared their intentions alternative of sacrificing the party for the sake ments until their results begin to be perceived. lic can see how easy it is to establish competing try, though highly favorable to Canada. Theto become such) of twenty-one years of age. It of Douglas and the expedient of dropping Our own policy stands in strong contrast lines, and how much capital can be obtained onI principal grounds upon which his objections j are based are, first, that the revenue of the ! United States from articles of Canadian pro- j duct on the Northern frontier have diminishedIncluded all pre-emptora now on the public lands, Douglas to save themselves. They fear that in with that of the Powers of Western Europe. wad applied to all lands subject to pre-emption. In dropping Douglas they will array the solid We have made treaties of amity and commercesuch a favorable basis. There is, probably, no other incorporated company in the United States that annually receives back its capital in• word, It threw open government land everywhere to the actual settler, subject only to a charge of Blx cents per acre, to meet the expense of regis-Northwest against the Albany Regency, and they see that in adhering to him they only pre- cipitate the inevitable explosion. For once thewith both China and Japan, which have been ratified by the respective governments, and our diplomatic representatives in Asia have comeactual receipts.ment an opposition would proceed, and how j force in 1854: that during the five years pre-tering, Ac. The Senate bill excluded all but headsOf families; excluded pre-emptors now on the lands, yond his depth. He finds that all his beautiful all the parties. An event of even greater sig-bat allowed them two years to buy the land at thegovernment price, confined its provisions merely tolands remaining after a public sale, at which specu-lators would take their choice in advance of the ac-tual settlers, andfinallycharged twenty-five cents an•ere besides the Land Office fees. The compromise•greed on opens for homesteads one-half the sur-veyed public lauds not yet offered at public sale,smd all the lands now subject to private entry, butIt retain.-, the charge of twenty-live cents per acre.tember, for dictating the candidate of this Con- vention, fall short of the necessities of the case. But he and his delegation do not yet despair, or they would not have asked another night for the purposes of a treaty of peace.We can tell Master Richmond, however, and Mr. Church, his henchman, that they may as well abandon at once all their delusive hopesfirst foreign embassy that has ever left Japan, and the friendly relations which this intercourseits income. Remembering this, we trust the shareholders will see the necessity of being pro- perly represented at the approaching meeting on the 28th of June.i amount of some twenty-one millions of dollars, jWhile during the four years it has been iu I operation we have collected duties on not more j than two millions, against some fifty-nine lnil-wily, plotting Dean Richmond is in water be- to hold the position of friendly relations with arrangements perfected at Syracuse last Sep- nificance is found in the presence here o f thequickly new lines would take from the pre-sent company a very considerable portion of ; duty on goods coming from Canada to thePre-emptt>rs now on the lands are to have theirBOmeste.«tN at sixty-two and a half cents (which is of the spoils and plunder of the next adminis- J York Chamber of Commerce, and our busyhalf the liimcr price) and to have two years to pay tration. They are lost. The democratic party •hives of industry are everywhere thrown openCanadian Parliament has closed the markets of Canada against the products of American labor by continually increasing the tariff upon them every year since the ratification of the treaty, until the average increase of duty upon our staple manufactures has grown from 1854 to 1859 at the rate of sixty-two and a half per cent, and upon distillations from grain at theIt. But t!ie most objectionable feature of it is that It only applies to heads of families, thus excluding young men over twenty-one, thousands of whom sue admirably fitted for the work of pioneer settle-is destroyed. There is not the remotest visibleghost of a contingency for the reunion of thebelligerent elements of this revolutionary con-to and being attentively examined by them. When this Embassy returns to Japan, as it will soon do, it will go laden with strange and curi-vention. The moral consequences of what ous information regarding Western civilization;ments, and would gladly avail themselves of an op- they have already done render it superfluous and should they not be compelled to disem-This, he argues, is a virtual abrogation of theletter and spirit of the treaty on the part of theCanadian government, inasmuch as that instru- such as to leave no hopes of his reco- ment was based upon the theory of free tradeand the expectation of mutual commercial libe-to speculate upon what they may do to-day or bowel themselves on landing on their own to-morrow. shores, by the triumph of a reactionary policy Assuming that these fighting factions, cliques in their own government, the lore they carryand sections may still agree to bury the hatchet,back will form the germ of a new era in East-has established and is developing.lations have been the subject of personal confe- rence with our government, the important ques- tion of currency has been practically examined by the Embassy at our Mint, commercial rela- tions are to be discussed by them with our Newhastening on to a warlike issue on the shores of China, and our representatives will be called upon to play there, in the r&U of peace, a most important and influential part.India and Europe, which will probably be with-in the present year, and when an Atlantic cablehas been laid, of which three plans are now onfoot, connecting us with the Old World, proper-ty in telegraphs properly managed will be themost valuable in which the capitalist can invest, are all in favor of British shipping; and in sup- Emperor, he has, however, this claim upon ourinterest, that he has witnessed not only the foun- dation, but the restoration, of his family dynasty. Like the race whom it has supplanted, the Ex- King of Westphalia, whilst he has forgotten lit- tle, seems to have learned but little of the p»»t- When the Italian campaign was projected he offered toe most strenuous opposition to it» the Council of State, of which he was Presi- dent Overruled by the opinions of wiser heads, he could not help exclaiming,•• We ba*« come again to the year 181L" Prince Jeroine has lived to find this belief falsified, like mo*Political re-The public interest would no doubt be sub-Civilization.lines, and if the press undertake this work, it is j afforded them an excellent opportunity, andIt shows with what encourage-by several millions since the treaty went intoThe press have moved in this matter because ; lions imported free. He complains that theand in taking the initiative we are only contend- ing for a protection which will be alike enjoyed by all.When the Red Sea telegraph shall have per-ern Asia. In the meantime, events seem to be fected all its connections with Australia, China, rality.HUMBUG OF BRITISH STATESMEN ON THE S U V E because the principal tines in the Union will port of this allegation he cites the fact that since TBADE.—Among other items of European intel- then unite with these great ocean wires, and we the treaty only forty American vessels have ligence which we publish this morning will be reached the sea through the St. Lawrence, whiletua.foor days later than that brought to this port Tammany Hall—discords, divisions, rebellion Brougham. Any one unacquainted with the character so magnificent that the enterprises of tinuance of the treaty is represented by thisOaJ»i«hinst-bythesteamshipNorthStar. Oar defeatanddisgrace.fjaa Francisco correspondent sends us additional fcews, brought to that city by the schooner Page, "apan. The latest news tre* the Washoedhrtrict, in Western Utah, the scene of pre- aeat Indian difficulties with the miners, in of an ex Citing character. The Indians, It would appear, arefor another attack. 1 have declared themselvesHHt^^r^^^n^p ^^s» ^s^sw ^B^B^B^a^a*awj RS^BVOJ ^m^vBst AA«WaflW^S^ma£r SSB A^p^MsiwU,subjectwouldsupposebyreadingthesespeeche$ the present day, when weighed in the same report aa prejudicial to the interests of the in Parliament and elsewhere, that the slave scale, will appear almost insignificant in their Northwest and inimical to the wishes of its in- trade is kept up entirely by the United States, proportions. habitants.Were there no other drawback to the reunionof the broken fragments of the party, the factthat this disgraceful Baltimore Conventionrepresents the party will be capital enough for them altogether for their especial benefit Now JAPANESE NOTIONS OF OCB MIUTABT POWER.— opinion upon the matter. It is contended, on of bis other convictions. But for the good t>r- the republicans. A miracle, and only a mira- nothing could possibly be more absurd and Our Japanese visiters appear to take a lively the other hand, that while the interests of Buf- tune which gave him a great military geaiua cle, can save the distracted, divided and dis- hypocritical than these statements. They pos- interest in everything connected with our mili- falo and the shores of Lake Erie may feel them- for his brother, the world would have be*ra torted democracy from a terrible revolutionary sess no kind of truth or justice, but are made tary organization. The impressions made by it selves aggrieved by the working of the Reci- but little and cared less about bis opinions saa explosion at Baltimore, and we despair of a intentionally by English statesmen to throw are strengthened by what they have seen since procity treaty, a strong sentiment exists in its sayings. _ _ _ _ » — — —miracle of this sort from Dean Richmond andand it in tail dirt, tinkering that has ruined £eir party.insist on her treaty stipulations with Spain, thetheir windows the passage of the tftte compa- nies of our volunteer troops, who all make it asides of the question we publish, in connection WithMr.Hatohsreport,atotterfromMr.HAUL-'«ole«tlmtteigWlm»drodMoni»»» wP*^and that it is organised and encouraged by But it appears- that there is a difference ofdust into the eyes of the people; because it is they came to New York. Not a day passes that favor on the whole tine of the great lakes to 1 is only of ordi his Regency delegation. They are but tinkers, manifest that If England would only firmly they have not an opportunity of observing from toe west of Buffalo. L_ order to give bothw MOSMONS FO* C T I « FRESH ARRIVAL ~The packet ship Wm. Tapscott, which » r n v e a *1 margin is left forUntitled Documentalave trade would cease at once.this port from Liverpool on Saturday. broug«The Japane.e and thr Ladies.It is not without some natural self gratulatton ] " *ver f00a y tworrying them almost up to the suicidal pointsettled. One of these difficulties still exists better managed in Japan. When they arrived tional two hundred feet which is about to bebetween the press of the country and what is at the rectangular village of Philadelphia, where annexed to the Common with the best taste andcalled the American Telegraph Company, who sensations are so uncommon that tho opening of advantage. The captured Africans will Urn,own the extensive line which runs along thea new dry goods shop will bring people from have a capital place for recreation in the neigh-of one and a half million of dollars, which is about to be increased to two millions.On this capital its annual net earnings aretwenty per cent, and within six months, if noaccident occurs, it will probably declare thishandsome dividend. It appears, however, thatits managers are not satisfied with this alreadyremunerative income, and, on the principle of"the more gain the greater greed," think thatby increasing the rates they can add to theirenormous profits, maintain a monopoly, andpiratical craft of both sexes, and the illustrious " Tommy '' narrowly escaped with his life.But we have changed all that. Now and here, it is the Japanese who run after the women rather than the women after the Japanese. We do not allucb to the head men of the Legation. They, with all the reticence of high caste Orientals, pursue their usual rou- tine of daily duty, looking upon the antics of the subordinates with calm benignity or philo- sophic indifference, receiving graciously all per-But the more acute shareholders of the com- with none. The attaclUs, however, keep up the as regards economy and the comfort of the un-reputation which youthful diplomats have en- fortunate negroes.too, an opposition which will lead to the joyed, as Mrs. Malaprop would say, " from time COIXEGE COMMENCEMENTS.—The anaual col-pany see in this conflict, and very justly,construction of competing lines, a division immaterial." They are much fascinated with the of the business, a diminution of the profits, superior beauty and breeding of the ladieslege commencements are just now about taking place. These are very interesting, and. to tie participants, very important ceremonies, for upon these occasions numbers of young ntea make their entree upon the world's stage to commence the tough battle of life, a ith euch a share of education as books and the seclusionof a college can afford—some as doctors, soaeas lawyers, some as ministers, and a few to fol- low in the footsteps of their fathers, a* ner- chants. The latter class is the most useful,per-'* haps, which our colleges turn out, for au edu- cated merchant is the mo«t valuable nvmberofa great commercial community like this. Well ^ educated physicians and lawyers are also very desirable; but if colleges turn out no betterand a consequent depreciation of their stock.They have, therefore, called a meeting, to beheld at No. 4 Wall street, on Thursday, the 28thinst., in order that the subject may be laid be-fore the entire body of stockholders, who nownumber some five hundred individuals, andsuch measures be taken as shall prevent so se-hereabouts, and in some cases have approached them with a degree of freedom which their ex- periences at Washington and Philadelphia among a certain class of women would s<*em to warrant. The Japanese have been informed of their error in that very delicate way in which a woman of tact can manage that sort of thing, and thus amicable relations have been main-tije !£ost glorious of its institutions, were as. tions to the growing generation in toi- line will! good as they were beautiful, and that they hot prove of much service to the country or toj ceding the ratification of the treaty we collectedthey make the interests of the public their own,and because, as the regular customers of thetelegraph, they are the only organization whichcan combine in a movement of this character.It wTmld be impossible to unite merchants,brokers and private individuals who use thetelegraph iu an opposition to a monopoly, anymore than to combine the writers of the lettersdaily dropped into the Post Office; but the in- rate of a hundred and twenty-five per cent. terests of the press and the people are identical,F w v wGKOKS.—We see that the government has decided to send all the Africans captured from slavers Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 