 i:•to be decided upon by the non-alaveholdera. What upon the subject. .•,fices Jor slaveholders or any one else. He who has•"Tbe Congress shall have power to dispose of andterritory or other property of the United States." And! vis what every Democrat believed. W« siy that the service, in his gray-haired old age:in practice they exercised the whole power. Nowhere are combined all the most potent data of logical .the jurists, from tine immemorial Ifroai Grotius to erate and well-matured determination that no power, no earthlypnmer or his English Reader, and studies the Bible,wFROtM %$m&amTmw-w1^BjftMtK TmEmm^mnmAX, mmmm&M,mw^portion of these lands, when f"Which I h&ye laid down ae being corre^MPv e one* testified to by F . P . Blair, esq., -yj-ere expected, byOF BEPCBUCAMM,SPEECH or;j .£gclause that il they had adopted it would hs-- /. the tile to the Southern. States. Mark, the crime is here, it was to be ceded. Georgia and North Carolina after-j That one *Bthe much talked of s n d . p ^ k*<e ^w© would citoh HOD. CASSIUS M. GLAY of Ky. | J&te&*£&!S*£- ^SSSSS&iABOUT INSURRECTIONS,''While upon thia subject, allow me to Wy aworti upon the pubject df insurrections. I believe I have.• •might say, year after ye?v contending for the rights of.'•••'..<*ver!- "When I.had the honor last to address you, in 1856,1 and regulate their government in their own way I Isof Sandford, and being a free mail of color, according to the Constitution of the United States,, when it was made, he had a rigkt to sue, and had a right to be re- lieved from, the, existence of vi et armis—to be free; and that was the opinion of Justices McLean and Curtis. And every,* lawyer that has read the decision of the Court in How- ard's Reports, that I have spoken to upon the subject,Virginians are all cowards ? No ! There is in Vir-ginia just as gallant blood as flows in the world. Itwas eimply because Slavery was a weak institutionfrom the beginning to this time, that it was what JamesMadison told South Carolina and Georgia; it is be- and despotism; but the conflict is ended, and you. and{ assfancd io t » y that as " o u r party had not been ad- that your doctrine te-day ? Editor of The Ycrman, did you publish it in that way, that the object of the Ne- vanced by success, so it would not be set back by de- braska bill was intended to leave the people perfectly* Stat." What was speculation in 1856 is history in free to regulate their own domestic institutions in their 1860. Many supposed that the President, from his own way ? They say in the resolutions they have .antecedents and advancing age, would break away adopted that the people shall not do any sueh £r*m the trammels of party, and be just and conserva- thing, and if Douglas goes for any such doctrine,cause Slavery is what Mr. Randolph told «Ir. Everett. We tell yen that it is a source of weakness in the State, and therefore, as patriots, and lovers of our country, we say to tbe several States, enjoy youv institution as lone as vou choose, but so far as we are reBponsible-we go against it all the time. There is the whole front Of our offending. Is it not right 7THE ADMISSION pF SLAVE STATES.I, and all of us. are subject to a despotic power which is higher than the great dicta of all the learned jurists tbat have preceded us; higher than the Constitutions of the States and the sovereignty of Conventions; and last, if not least, higher than the Conhtitution of the United States—the palladium of liberty to us. If it be so, the conflict is ended, and we are all slaves; we are subject to a despotic power over which we have no control—none on God's earth. There is no appeal to Popular Sovereignty or States' Hights; there is but one appeal, and that is to revolution; an appeal to aims and the God of HoBts—which God forbid. There- fore I deny that we are factiously purposing to prevent the admission of any more Slave-holding States.WHAT OP THE FUGITIVE SLAVE LAW 1The fourth charge is that wo propose to repeal theFugitive Slave law, and practically refuse to obey theConstitution on that subject. I do net deny that innlatforxn. Let me come to that. I will tell you what in fact, late in the day Bent to their homes, both inthey did in 1856—in that year the Cincinnati Platform w*e adopted.Kentucky, the Slave and the Free States, for help; and toox up arms, and upon every field, and by the whole power that God and nature had bestowed upon tbem, they resisted the attempt to enslave them. Whatas that the "Vice-President alleges, that no more Slave platform of 1856, or the call of 1860.- States shall be admitted to the Union—-there is nothing I" T o abolish the internal and coastwisetrade."In consequence of the repeal of the Missouri Com--prsmise, the Northern people intervened to get their then did the President of the United States I All theto tbe main issue,; they must not be held responsible for of it. It is not a true allegation, and I appeal to the There is no such clause as that in either.«wn Territory, upon the avowal made in the Kvuoeas-Jfebraaka bill that the people weze to " be left free to "•* forar and regulate their domestic institutions in their **own way, subject onlyto the Constitution of thethe incidental questions of the case. Now, that is what Justices McLean and Curtis tell us, and-tney are, in my opinion, the ablest Judges upon the Bench. I tbink Justice Cuijtis the ablest Judge I ever read after, and he tells us that when the Supreme Court decided in the case that it had no jurisdiction, then tbeir whole power ceased. Tbat is what this Judge tells us,Then swung up this John Brown. I say he is the that is what the [Republicans say, that is what everyrecord. I appeul from the inferences and allegations of the Vvce-rreeident of the United States to the coun- try upon that subject.j"To limit, harass, and frown upon {he insti- tution in every mode of political action, and" DV every form of public opinion." We make a directly oppo- site avowal. So far from that, we not only are com- pelled by the necessity of the case, but we propose, in carrying out in good faith this associated brotherhood**:United States. <But notwithstanding that avowalIt made, they immediately, as the report of the UnitedStates Congress showed yon? before a single Free- Tegitimate son of the acts and avowals of the Demo-honest man, unbiased by political associations and con- siderations, must say. I say it, gentlemen, that in my hujublo judgment tbe reBt of the*opinion is not law, and in this I am supported by some ot the very ablest judicial minds of the United States. Not only so, butthe United States, because that is a vital question. Gentlemen, with all the inconsistency of the Demo- cratic party in 1852 and 1856, they never thought of this thing, that blavery went, under the Constitutionalone upon our platform, not simply to appoint them to offices, but we propose and invito slaveholders to act in conjunction with us, and to assist us in carrying out tbe Government, which we shall in all probability soNORTHERN ALLIESOP DEMOCRACY.Soiler or Republican had set his foot into the new Ter- ritory, commenced on the border of Missouri the or- ganization of the " Blue Lodges" to invade Kansas,-with the avowed design—peaceably if they could, ana Jbrcibly if they must—to nave that land for a Slave State; and " damn the Abolitionists, they would shoot them down as squirrels," as I heard a leading Demo- erat express himself in Lexington, while that conflict was going on. They passed these resolutions in 1856,cratic party, that they intended to take possestion of Kansas by force of arms, " peaceably if they could, but forcibly if they must;" and it was only when those descendants of Revolutionary fathers took upHere I remember to speak of those Northern allies whom the late Democratic Convention in Kentucky and by virtue thereoL into every Territory, per se. soon control. How can this be true? How can we reiused to trust. They are right. I teUyou.no w, they... :dttttXwantyoutopay.astrictattentiontothese,in withstandingJamesBuchananliftsuphisimpiouscomparison with the Oiher avowals: DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM OF 1656.•bands, and, perhaps, praying that it may be so, says that " Kansas is as much a Slave State aa South Caro-les/ero with or control the domestic institutions of the several and another son was dragged in chains by a vehicle, States, and that all such States sue the sole and proper judges ofevery one CI you put yoorslandered all hia life, but now they come to.us and say hand upon your purse, for fear I would steal your Territory, and ieav<itneir property tothe tender mer- money? Youwould at once say: "That man thinksTUB UNMADB ISSUE.Wel1l1 now, gentlemen, I an\ going to give *th« doctrine of negroequality into American^politics, <3«Htlemen, there was &.tefl you, Cos «sandidateofi'i « Cuba, and tin ' Spain would n -sad do you sup* *td h&re Nic&j hare a great n< you are a d—<iTherefore 11 ; aa Walker g'oc _ Sfcttee,tbatyftbean taken at powerabroad, your sympathy•dead, and thert -grey-eyed man Seventh i Tl press, by a Po* daredn^do, i -down, and foi impeached and^TjEightit: Ofprovidedthati >toaE privilege)'i '';:8tate8. Iif£&hvt*t -Of , Euseia and Acs afagle word •onr. part, woHungary.Tenth: Of1850.'- JBleventh: 0 Twelfth: Ot -of political po-undertake • to c -Courts, and tk* the days of th« what tiie Conrl to the leghilaiudiciaL; Thirteenth jj prosecuting Jc Fourteenth :-e*ejgnty/'Fifteenth: ( the Tsrritory<menL ,•','"*. Sixteenth:" protection witl.fiance to and < fusing the redSeventeenthinto^a conditio •of European p inridge; the p€ matter,;Jcbn 1 had possession-quarters of a put down—cyoforeignipoHcy tent in States!Congrees--yoidoctoring it 7 bonds o r the u late? The Vic•we are all sad. in time of peac dissolution; ai part of it. thaiyou tenderly sa you now d< yon boast so n she is in bealtlbecomes dulii emaciatec; ai dying; in the ^Well," eaye but I am goin{Jodl are w< the nation—u. intends to vinX tell.you, g T h e Democrsto the devil, helm.A YOICE^Mr. CLAY— cans, North os principles weWHATTheBermbi lions for tbe I principles andstain from an] •of th* Cnvcag< vention to seb ability, and j They must neSouth in tho weie defiaut,^WhUethetib m o t Ed t o p o w a Union of &< tionis aa well abatahifrom the muuicipaAnd! whil< the'Constitut -on the part o iiave afrightpotic op6taol< t-carried on t sire! emancip Sirit io' aid e United Stfor her liben JLslek ojf tbb i of Amterica, ductiohs majreeouijoes in •extension o nlyjthe coloi 'While vn must be don the long cei.people of OE beneficent : XHsunionbj- Let us 1< •One jwouk when it ku3 there-are n thousand aft «afe.l'Diss< iheOhio,ax I>oe* any msuppose. tha -commonbi-ohutches, b; cation ami s the Union,tYou have who, m the arsenal, aud.*ion of the i of a Bepnbl fighting to Inot out of ij talking roui don'tyoualyon all see? thatont*ide *lavs)propeiyou would 1 the knife, wouldbet slavejpropejmen enter u hold slaves: safety f No' their |negroeproperty, at what would What are tb meiij you at who have b liberty we' thai agaixigWhat do Union a* a c*try andH send to I **! us troop going to br oner ux: tl po* of Fra against theready for long oy 1) you have served, ti trust Vict about hor)J means,Are you The-Victhe great I liberties o4 Philip of0 battle* in liberty ia but ailthe Deia foreign;thing 80 ^ 0 f tbnt we have been guilty of "introducing." Now it ie BOplain, that if yon gave us ® ?!l-]<*t£fty8B~w*Te*wcould ^en known, so far as common rumor goes—we can-catch you; if you gave ua~Toomb8 ToT would catch not' always judge of the motives of men—that tbb you; and if you ottered Breckinrid/*Dred Scoti cape was gotten up by agreement- in ad- vance of legislation, out subsequent to the declarailon of the'purpose of the Democratic party, to take posses- sion of Kansas. .We did not want any such subjectgitive Slave law. Let me ask r-„a. JJ ; Btitution Slavery &&W?J&JXmtarjaj>reacher, a man of great j ^ ^ J ^ g butlittie or noeducation wouldsayw> g g the BibIe> «Well; introduced! into politics. Why! Because there wasweek after week, and monr^ a f t e r m 0 I l t n ^ a i n c 6 > j. made more speeches in vindication of the Republican-ft*A»fi tw Ybtffi* Wen's Bepnbtfcaa total' at the brethren, tins is one r v ^ g ,<„ ~u»«e, this ie-this » a already odium enough, attached to us aa being the de- **€*££&?5«w-Yo*;Feb,M,1860. hadplace,andw* .?,r.•'.f,7 ^ fendersof|therightsofthenegroagainstthe-whiteThe Democr ^ TM ^ ^ it was a bad place, and man. We were called already Yl negro-lovers." and it skippedn%'^j£$ff£ wondertheytf<fnotwant wasnottdouri*tercettogetup.anheueof.thiskind, GxsTrx*** or THt XtrrBWCAS U*to* I re- n w *t o r * fcfco that eame Hall, and that the bghts were if we desjired HOto do. But an agreed case was made,tern yoifc my sincere thanks-for the honor you confer ^ ' - r f K a s S l dark. Here, is what they did as is repoijted in Howard's Keport*?. The case came States, and in overthrow of the liberties of the. people. nor Abolition party, nor up to the Supreme Qourt of tho United Statse from the HOW HE CHANGED AN OPINION,lb was all absurdly to.onarrel about a power which vidu'as, associations, and other combinations of that youassert18'latheConstitution.Youcannotprove party,Iamasintimatelyacquaintedwiththepurposea that tbe Co^e ^0 ^o n gives the power. It cannot be of that party as any man in America, and I will tell done.-.XVm^vd^ ^atyonstruggleagainstthewhole youwba*tIbelievethosepurposestooe,accordingto author^y and common sense ot ages. my understanding, and their views with regard to tibialT H E SL A VE CODE CONSIDERED. whole subject of the liberation of slaves by force, and Yon now talk of legislative intervention by servile in*urrection. ' . •we will Eee him d——d if he remains in the Demo- has invariably &aid to me, that the opinion of Justice tive. I was not one of them. I remembered the Os- cratic party; and Mr. Silvertooth declares he is al- Curtis is the most conclusive piece of logic ever pre-tend Manifesto, the .pledges whkh he made to Senator ready out of the pale of the Democratic church. [A sented in all the books of judicial decisions. I have it Brown- of Mississippi and others, and knew well that voice—• The whole Democratic party is not responsi- at home, and I declare that in my judgment, there is 1i». Cincinnati Platform of non-interference with Slave- ble for him."} Of course not! Gcd forbid they should no proposition in Euclid more clearly demonstratedAnother charge made is', that we purpose u to pre- jrjr in the Terrhories -would give way under Southern be. [Laughter and applause.] Thegrtatmassof the. than that. Not that Dred Scott bad a right to citizen- vent the admifsjon, in any latitude, of another slaye-yressure. The Slave Oligarchy began by asking neu- x Republican party is oi the Democratic party, but tbey ship—to hold office and vote—rights which many whitetrality in the national Constitution and Government, are of the good old American gold, witb the stamp of pertons, as for instance -women, have not, but that hebolding State." I deny that that ie the platform of 'the Republican party, as made up in 185G, or as it is to be made up in i860, and if you will allow me I will refer to the record. I cannot read all of the platform, but Ithen- equality with Freedom, and at last Rupremacy. I 1776, not the bogus Democratic stamp of 1854 and 1856. bad a right to the protection afforded by law; th*ttake up the review where I left off in 1856.> DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM OF 3852.** That CoBfr«*« htm no power tm4er th« Constitution to inter- fere with or coDtxo! tho domestic lxurtitatioo* of tli* aovermi State*, u»«l tlk*t »uch StAttt* &re the sole «ad proper judges ofThey are with us now, and will be with us hereafter, and therefore I stand here, and the lights are not put out.TIIE SNAKE A3H> ITS SKIN.being a free man, bv being carried first into a Free State, and then to the territory ceded to the Uniced States by France, he had a right to sue and he sued. Be neverdeclared that Scott was entitled to all thegive you my word there ie no such clause in it. read one clause:I willAnswer me that, and let me go on ? You are silent. T e n are condemned out of your own mouths. I pro-seed:** And that all raeh efforts have an inevitable tendency to «Kmfniah the happineaa of the people, and endanger the lUbility •ad pena«n<>B«7 of tbe Union."I.«7ea condemn yourselves again;" And ought not to be countenanced by any friend of our»olv* t U a l toatttrrtJoBa."* And, thereiore.the Deaoooratic party of the Union, standing -•pox their National platform, will abide by and adhere to a frith- S a l e x e c u t i o n o f t n e a c t a k n o w n a a t h e C o i n p r o t n i t e M e a s u r e s ,hordes so formed; into the Territory of Kansas; and al- though it is well known, as history has proven, th it the Republican party was in a clear majority, by force of arms you took down the Judges of Elections that were appointed legally. They were taken by force* the Missouri forces going out with banners flying ana with arms displayed, and the question asked was not "Are you a Judge according to the Constitutionand the laws?" Not " Are you a Judge of Electioncarrying out the declaration of the Cincinnati Plat"In that part of the platform, I have said, I believe highest authority' this country or any other. Mr. we are in error. For that reason, in the call of the Webster, although he was over persuaded, natteredf o r m s o f 1 8 5 2 a n d 1 8 5 6 , t h a t t h e p e o p l e s h o u l d d e t e r settled by the laatCuufjujaa tbeact for reclainnng of fogUrvea mine upon their <lomt,Btic institutions in their ownLet us trace theconeequences: Like the snake, yearly privileges of a citizen, but the Constitution says:" Rt$olv<d, Tbat witb oar Republican FatherB, we hold it to be a self-evident truth, that all meu are endowed with the ina-and cries, wor that nature d< doctor upon & great course otime he, by the iorcee of the United States, disarmed the Republican party; and left them at the mercy of those invaders of their rights.THE SLAVE CODECONSIDERED.JOHN BROWN AND HIS RAID.Before I pass over this I will say a few words withregard to the po wer that the slaveholders claim for theprotection of slave property under the Constitution of of confederated States, not to take Emancipationists the first punishment of the violation of the law*arms in their own defense—and I thank God there Justice Curtis shows that the Supreme Court has de-Never was such an [expression made use of, but they then intend to harass the institution by every mode of are nght, and I am ?oing to give you a tittle bxtra ad- all admitted that no sieh po wer existed in or under the political action ? Why, gentlemen, the thing is impos- vice. j>omc slaveholders want to know howlonff they Conutitution. Hencel of course, it was proper to enact sible in tho nature of things, and unless you have proof will stand by them. Theywill etand by them fust as that the people of a' erritory were free to legislate that we are dishonest, there is no believing that we long as they pay them. The moment they eeaee to Slavery in or out of e Territory. Now, gentlemen, can, or desire to, monopolize all the offices in the coun- have possession of tbe Government, so soon will these theDemocraticparlyisplaced.inthisattitude,that try. Weinvokethatpowerof"publicopinion,which alliesleavethem. Thisisthekindofmentheyhave if tbey then knew tbi t under the Constitution and ae- cannot but by annihilation die," to this and ail good for Northern allies. Gentlemen, I take it that you arewere Kentuckians aa well aa Yankees fighting there in that battle for Freedom—that they drove back the invader, and now a great and overwhelming majority of the people of Kansas say that it shall be free, not-cided, again and .again, that obiter dicta are not law,and .are not eo to be -considered. There are decisions inthat report quoted, absolutely made to the. effect thatthese incidental decisions that come in are hot part oftheJawoftheland. Thereforewesay,indenialofwhat the Democratic party-has said, that it is noc thelaw of the landi Therefore we go upon that subject, cording, to what thoy now claim to be the decision canst8. Hot we, but those who are deaf to its divino all men of sense, and to I put it to you here to-nightlina."IBthatDemocracy?InthenameofthatGodnotforchangirig,butratherwedenythatitislaw, fthe-well-eensidered declarations of former Conventions upon this to whom he so impiously appeals, is it so—is it a Slave and we appeal to the country to decide between ue. ^sectional issae of DonuMtic Slavery, and concerning the ze- State ? Not at all. Hietory tells us that jost there be- We owe no allegiance to it as to a law of the United aarsed rightJ of the State*.'' gan John Brown. How it is I will state, as it comes States, but it isyet .open for free discussion by the That alludes to the former Democratic Platform of to me authenticated. To the best of my EnowleGge people,-that they may determine it under the Consti- 2852, four years before. It goes on: and belief, -before he shed the blood of a single man, tution of the United States. To-so much we plead guiltv.ofthoSupreme Court, every slaveholder has admonitions,mustsufferthepenaltyofdefiance. ifIweretogetupheroaudsaythatIbetieved a right to go into the Territory jwith his prop- . | I stand where the Eepublican party stand—by the Slavery was a divine institution, and that all my previ- erty, they deceived the^ people to the detriment old Henry Clay Whig ground against tne extension of ous declarations were false; that I was convinced I of the slaveholder! when tbey left the matter Slavery. Let me here read what Henry Clay says**IUtohtd, Thatwereiteratewithrenewedenergyofpurpose,and to make it the ground of positive legislation; hos- it wae known by the framers of tbe Constitution taatv amjxro me to-night, and the thanks of our pwty and the Eepublican, —n*or AbtohleitionAmoearitcya,n nopr arthye, United States District Court of Jtiesouri, and although I alway * believed, until I read the option of J'Ogtice Congress to protect Slavery in the Territories. What We now and always have regarded the poor Africant•eamtry for your activity; and fidelity, to the « ^ ^ "nor-Wthheig _Depmaorctyra,tic party, bns ever made an 1 am a follower of the plow, and although he hag per- Curtis, "'with the old Free-Soil partj.,*that, irader tho do you want with it, if the Constitution does not give as of an inferior race, and although we do not pretendlprhacrpk* of Repubticaniam, which were v i r t ^ y v i a . issue upon the resolution passed, and which was in the haps studied law all his life, X declaro that John C. Constitution of the United State?, you could not estab- it ? i What right have you to it. 1 I therefore deny, on to divine tbe inscrutable designs of Deity, although w«fisaied in 1856, not only in this great S ' ; ^ ^ t by the platform of 1856. It is simply as to the power of the Biedrinrildge does not understand it, I think I can lish Slavery in any Territory, I do now confess that, the pait of the Republican party,.that there is any such cannot say what may be the design ofthe great "Tarn,* *p*oplewhentheybecomeaState. Itisaself-evident presentit!eothatamanofthecommonestunderstand- people of the Union. trotb, and they intend you to go home with it, with ing can comprehend it.I «»me up to this metr^pota of the Republic in no the thought that you bagged -the game, hut you will ' I will btate the substance of the thing. It was a spiritof personal dati-in. Here is the seat of com- find that the Hon has gone, and that you have put but suit brought by a man of color, called Dred Scott,afterreadingthede;ieion,of'JusticeCurtis,thatitwas powerundertheConstitutionper$ctocarrySlavery whethertheyshallascendinthesca'eofhumanity,' eo clear, and the argument BO irresistible, that they into the Territories of the Ubited States. That, was and we go down, or they go up BtM higher, wo leaver could prictice. legislation in eiiher way,' that I waa notjthe doctrine of the Democracy of 1852 or 1856, and tbeee questions entirely to the philosophical speculator, bound to acknewledge that the power to prohibit also only after the.enunciation of the Cincinnati platform,the ass's skin into your p< uch. first in the State! CourtB of Missouri, where it carried with it the powerto establish, and the Converse, and, the election of James Buchanan, did the Supremesaying that is not a subject of political action at all; but so far as practicability is concerned, we <ay that the black man is now of an inferior race, and although: the poet says " that the worm feels a pang as great aa " when a ^iant dies," yet we believe that k aft poetry and not truth. The lite of man and of Woman ia doeira- ble as i. is elevated and removed from the condition of the beast of the field thatperisheth* Therefore it is, that when Great Britain held her supremacy, over the im- mense millions of India, attempting by the despoticpower of force, to rule it—by no amalgamationtMvierte. Hexe cente-• all the interests of agriculture and Rt*olv*Af That we recognize the right of the people of the was decided that ScOtt was free, then going up. Iwaam&ctUTTs, axyi here is the sun of that intellectual Territories, including Kansas and Nebraska, acting through the think, to the Suprewo Court of Missouri, where the Ji^V^wnieh^ thorough the press, dairy flashes over the Wally and faiily expressed will of a majority of actual residents, decision wa& reversed and sent back. It was taken toatd whenever the number of their inhabitants iuwlfles it, to the Circuit Courts the pleadings were to this extent:that the power to establish Slavery also gave the power Court ecrew themselves up to the point that they could to prohibit it. I therefore yielded up my old opinion j»ayjthatit was law—two of the ablest and most dis- il know not what others may do)} because in this dicta tinguished jurists declaring that it was obiter dicta, and%nnscstfromtheAtlantictothePacific Allah!il formaConstitution,with orwithout domesticSlavery,and be apleaofp.batementwasmade—3)redScottbringingan ofJusticeCurtis,ifCongresshaspowersim?lybecause wasnolaw: Godgrantforourfreedom—everyman's,admitted into the Union upon terms cf perfect equality with theJUSahto the Freedom of Speech and the Prws, other Slatea." . . . , action declaring that, vi et annis, one Sandford liadthere is na limit put upon it, it has power on either white and black—that you should say in your legisla- side; that ie, it has omnipotent sovereign power, tive assemblies, and national conventions, and tho Con- although this is a Government in general of limited gress of the United States, that it is no law. As I live,For more than twenty years, reiving upon these How frank that is! " with or without domestic assaulted him, and also Harriet Scott, his wife, aud Slavery, and be admitted into the Union upon terms of children^ To this Sandford, who is also upon the Jtririb agencies, wore powerful than cannon or the perfect equality with the other States." Who ever de- record, admitted to be, I know not if in reality, a citi- •word, 1 have stood by the Kberties of the people and nied that 1 I challenge Mr. Silvertooth, I challenge zen of 5few-York, pleaded in abatement, that Dred DM>Union of tneee States. Thank God I have lived Oscar Turner, or even Mr. Speaker Merriwether, or Scott and his wife and children were his slaves, and that being slaves, or rather, to quote the language as uffdinthe pleadings, that he was the descendant ofpowers, inasmuch as the Constitution does not limit Congress in establishing or abolifihing; Slarery. The power is not denied by the Constitution, therefore it has it.it is not the law.CONSEQUENCES OF THE DEMOCRATIC CLAIM.*e> see the downfall of their enemies and the triumph ofany Democrat here, to point me out a single resolution,See where it leads. Suppose they have, under the of interests taking under a common protectiont Constitution, the right to cany Slavery into the Ter- and into a common glory those untoWC milUons.•Shear friends. James Buchanan was placed in power by a from the foundation of our Government to this day, inMm confessed fraud upon the ballot-box, and by au ad- any portion of the United States, where stfch has been African slaves, a man of color, a negro, and thereforeWell, now, it is at last brought to this: Congress has ritories, have they not a right to carry those same of Eastern men, by ruling by force; andtdenied ? If there is such, my readmg has been of no justed minority of the popular vote. In vain did he account.be could not be a citizen of the United States; and Sandford called upon the Court to throw the case out of Court; that they had no jurisdiction, and that he (Sandford) should hold, as master, Dred Scott.So far as >he Dred Scott decision became a law of theUnited States, it is simply thus, that after the case wastwice argued in the Supreme Court of the-Unitedman was bound to confess that the right waa on the*Bide of the Indian—yet my Eympathies were on the>intmpletmder foot thenvowed " popular sovereignty" m the Oxnahmati Platform: the Republicans of Kan- sas proved too powerful for Government patronage,.lite public purse, sad the Federal sword ! Kansas is -3Mt" a Slace>" but a Free State. The elections since Show a regular advance of Republicanism "in all the States; and the election of a Republican Speaker in tbe popular branch of the National council, proclaims t h e downfall of the Slave Power—which has so long desecrated the name Democrat*—to rise no more for-THE KANSAS-NEBRASKA BILL-iTake the case now. I have read the platforms and shown 1hey are inconsistent. But let me tell you what was the clause in the Kansas-Nebraska bill which they affirmed again and again.- It states that the Demo- cratic party determined " neither to legislate Slavery into those Territories"—Oh, no, of course not—" nor to exclude it therefrom." What are you to do, then ?" But' to leave the people perfectly free to form and regulate their domestic institutions in their own way, subject only to the Constitution of the United Statea." Now, what do you think of thai / Did not intend to legislate Siaveryinto Kansas, nor to exclude it; but did intend to leave the people perfectly free to formside of our common ancestors, and I imagine that out* Freedom 1 I believe that to be the doctrine of the Re- sacred and inviolate a8 this species of property, how ride of a few fanatics there were no men among these*States, a majority, standing five to two, ofthe Justices, decided that a man of African morally, socially, and politically, and a weakness inblood, descended from parents once slaves, couldnot he a citizen of the United States^ andtherefore, the "Cdurt having no jurisdiction, it wasreturned, with instructions to sustain the Circuit Court.That is' wbat thej decided. Now, I desire to state that, tion twough all Virginia'? Are we to believe that tbe in my humble judgment, Dred Scott was not the slaveThere is the whole substance of the matter. If the generous, is not fit to rule or to be free; and we all re-«r«r>taioK »pp^rUinlug to th«tr own affairt not prolilbitvd by they shed their skin, but they never go back into the " The citizens of euch State shall be entitled to all privileges lienable light to lire, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, and some of the States there has been an eifort made of thattike Con.titutloD; that all effort* of the AboUtiooLiU, or others, •oaade to iodiice Concreas to interfere with qne*tion* of Slavery, <w to take incipieat atop* in relation thereto, are calculated toHad to the moat alarming and dangeroa* conaeouence*."and imn unities of citizens' in the several States."And if Kentucky determines that the black man quences. Here was the formation of the "Blue cannot hold office in the Commonwealth, a black manthat tho primary object ana ulterior debign of oar Federal Gov-ernment Was to secure theao rights to all persons under its exclu-sive jurisdiction." [mark me now, that does not apply to StateaJ ;" that our Republican fathers, when they had abolLshed Slaveryin all our National Territory, ordained that ne person should be do not care to avow that I stand on that subject with deprived of life, liberty or property, without due process of law; Daniel Webster, the man whom, of all others in the it becomes our duty to maintain thiB provision or the Constitu-old one; beautiful it is at first, but it immediately re-kind, but I d a utterly deny that there is any such clause in the platform of 1856 or the call of 18(50. Without dwelling furtber-upon that, I pasB it by, saying that Iturns to dust and ashes. Let us look at the conse-What say you to that, Democrats ? Although you Lodges" in Missouri, according to the Congressional coming from Massachusetts cannot holu office; he is declared in black and white that it was dangerous to Beport—remember I don't intend to give any state- but entitled to tbe protection of the laws given for the, ACCUSATIONS WITH INTEREST.My distinguished friend, John C. Bieckinri 3ge, has all his allegations answered by the record^ no. by my s«y BO. But he ha* indulged in speculation and in- ference, and I intend to turn the tables on him a little inthatway. [.In turn, I accuse Vice-President Breckinric ge, and. the Democratic party, on the following count e:First: Of obtaining and using power under fala© pretenses. Bead then: last platforms.Second.- Of false pretenses, as a Democrat ic party;, claiming to be the special guardians and conservators of the liberty of the people, and yex ignor- ing those rights, and cancelling them to the over* tbrow of the great common law guards of freemen- which secure them from the illegal search of their persons, papers, and homes. Witness, gentlemen, all tbe reported cases of outrage made through all the Slave States from the beginning of the Government,the formation of the Constitution, and ending in the year 1860. Look to the record ot all the Slave States of the Union, where outrages of this kind are not only perpetrated, but are attempted to be vindicate by the press—outrages against which there ia no red rase, and none even affected to be enforced.interfere with the subject of Slavery, what nave you-•Vme1 I>idyounotsayitwasdangeroustointerfere? stantiateallIsay. "3coumarch underyourMissourieecurity of his own race and condition.The Dred Soott decision was" gotten tip entirely bythe Democratic party, and it was made in 1856, after •»the election of President Buchanan, and intended tosuttain 1he Kansas-Nebraska bill.In passing, allow me to say that we mako no issuewhh tho Supreme Court on tfcat subject. We acknowl- edge the Supreme Court decision to • be the law of tho land, and deny the allegation that we intend illegally and factiously to resist the decision of that Court, and force a kind of citizenship upon the countrycountry, we have styled the expounder of the Con- stitution— certainly upon Constitutional law thement npon my own say so; I appeal to history to sub-tion age^nst all attempts to violate it for the purpose of establish- ing Slavery in any Territory of the United States, while the prt6ent Constitution shall be maintained." ;! OBITER DICT A.•earry ont the express provision of the Constitution, cannot be re- way?" But "Are you sound on the goose?" That - Gentlemen, time passes quickly, and of course IA * n •as^lee «r labor lactoded—which acx. being deaig&ed toA. Donglaa, when he had made a report, saying thatthe law of 1820 was sacredly conserved in the com- many who upheld the constitutional right of election now, gentlemen, ljust let me state one or two strong Jefferson, of maintaining inviolate the rights of the States, andThird .- As false in the nullification of th') laws of See the article of the Constitution, which, authorizes5remise of 1850, and repeal the Missouri Compromise,low, Xbelieve, they stand condemned by their own•were compelled to fly for their lives, and many werewounded and killed. Where then stood the Democraticpoints, that every man of common sense can under-stand. It is the practice of all Courte--Courts of Com-de.'ending the soil of -every State and Territory from lawless ln-vtuion, and"of preservingva»ion, and"of preserving the integrity of thia union and the su-premacy of the Constitution and laws passed in ppremacy of the Constitution and laws passed in pursuance there-my State, and every State, or against foreign invasion.Of course,if we are honest in onepurpose,we are con«titutionalcomity. SeethecaseofHoaraxAothers*language and by their own acts, and I have here ac- press of the United States ? Aiding and abetting allmon Law and Coprts of Equity of the United States, of against tbe conspiracy of the leaders of a sectional party to re-honest in the othert and we cannot be honest in that citizens of the several StateB to sue in the Federal I" To abolish Slavery in the District of Columbia." Courts of the United States. You all know how thateempiished what I proposed to do. -Kentucky, as well as he from the Free States, whoeei>ee on earth, from the earliest time to the lat- even at the expense of its existence, ore i&vited to send from- THK.DEMOCRACY 8ELF-COHJ>EM3HED.>What.wae the result of all this? The result was had seen by actual experiment the glorious benefits ofest day, that when questions come up for decision, they decide the main question, and tbat other dicta, that is, words spoken incidentally, and not to the main question, are not law. There are Democratic lawyers that hear nae to-night, and they will bear me out in this statement, and it is right. There are just reasons for it, because, the attention of the Judges being boundeach State two Delegate* frcm every Congressional District, and our Delegates at large to the Convention."To prevent the extension of Slavery into the Territo- ries. Tbeie is tho matter at issue.I need not read our platform again, but I defy any man to find any such a clauee in it.was.Fourth: Of violation of the treaty with .Mexico*.There was war made with Mexico, while shs was at peace with us, where we are told in the Report that your Gen. Taylor marched, ami! men, wo;nan, and children, flying from their hearthstones, in oousequenoe- of the inva&ion by the United States forces*Fifth .-Of the .practice of the slave-trade. Yea> gentiemen, diftinguished persons in the South have boasted openly, not only that they intended to violate the laws prohibiting the slave-trade, but ;hat they have proceeded to carry their purposes into execution, and had landed upon the Southern coasts w hat have been notorioufily acknowledged to be slaves, fresh- from the Coast of Africa, and we have yet to learn of-that, in obedience to the declaration that the people were to be fairly left to choose for themselves be- tween liberty and Slavery, they adopted anotherfree institutions, and others who had seen the woe of Slavery, and who found that the pledges of the Dem- ocratic party had been kept to the word, and violatedI" To abolish it in the fortB, arsenals, dock-yards, and other places in the Southwhere Congress has exclusive call of the Convent-ion of J8W), is there any such clause jurisdiction." There is no such clause as that in thethis treason. The free-soil citizen from the State ofand of all the Courts of reason, justice and common sist tbe majo>ity principle as established in this Go zemment, avowal, if we are dishonest in the first imputation.with which, we have nothing to do. t h e D r e d S c o t t d e c i s i o n . . • . •:So far, .then, forread that call to you.. '••• I" A National Republican Convention will meet at Chicago on Wedutjuday, the 13th day of June next, at 12 o'clock noon, for the nomination of candidates to be supported for President and V ice- PTc*id*nt at tbe next election.'• Tlxe Republican electors of the several States, the members of th©-Peopled Taity of Pennsylvania, and of the OpooBitlon Party of New-Jersey, and all others who are willing to coSperate >vitb .them in support of the candldates'Vhioh shall there bo nominated; and who -arc opposed to the policy of the present Adminisi ration, to.Federal corruption and usurpation, and to theof the 7th March? He said "that this was a power that belonged not to Congress, but to the several States." ' That ifl my belief; but the Eepublican paity, desirous of harmony, yielded it, and struck it out of our platform in 1856, and do not intend to incorporate it in the platform of 1860. *OTHER CHARGES REFERRED TO.p?"To refuse to prevent or punish by State actionthe spoliation of slave property, but. on tho con* " Re*oU«L, That the Democratic party will resist all attempts you for Slavery V Not " Are you for the Constitution part of that which is claimed to be the decision in the extension of Slavery into the'Territories, to the new and danger j tfary, to make it a criminal offense in their citizens toysatedexsochangedaatodestroyorimpairHaefficiency." Waswbattheyaskedthem; inotheTwords,"Are cannotgo-elaboratelyintotheargumentupontheotherst*renewing, in Congress or ont of it, the agitation of the Slavery ayestisn, nadarwhatever shape or color the attempt may beThese were the declarations and avowals of the'DemoeraxSe party in 1852. Now, what do they do in3854 7 Why they go under the leadership of Stephenand the laws, and for the support of republican institu- tions and principles, as our fathers handed them down to us i" No! but "Arc you right on the goo»e?" and if a man did not answer the way that pleased them, they caught him by the collar and ejected him, andDred Scott caae-i-tbat is, that the law of 1787, firstpassed by the Confederation of States, and retenactedby the House of Representatives at its very first sea-ons political doctrine that the Constitution, of its own force, car- ries Slavery intoall tho Territories of the United States, to the opening or the African slave-trade, to on inequality of rights among citizens; and who are in favor of the immediate admission of Iranian into the Union, under the Constitution recently adopt-obey the laws of the Union in so far as they protectproperty in African slaves." Gentlemen, don't wetell them in our call that we go for protecting therights of-all the States, and, so far from hindering themin the return of their property, that we pledge our-selves as a party to defend them against your State, orwon under tbe ConstHution in 1789, was unconstitu-taonal. Tbat is the dictum of these live Judges. Well, ed by it* people, of restoring the Federal Constitution to a sys-right had the Democratic partv to say that they should i The Democrats have got wonderfully in love with **1.ThatCongressbaanopowerundertheConstitutiontoin- oneofhissonswaschoppedtopieces.incoldblood,POWEltOF-<?QN«RESSOVERTHETERRITORIES. confifccatethepro^rtyofalltheslaveholdersofaHenryClayoflate.TheoldmantheyabusedandNow, as -this' w an eventful question, let us dwell atheConstitution;thatalleffortsoftheAbolitionistsorothers, the*tortureofbischains,hisbrainwascrazecL Hitieuponit.Whatwerethotermsoftheconfedera-many,Ireland,Chin'LMassachusetts,!and'Kentucky1 manwhowas"persecutedforalifetime,themanwho therascalitieswehavechargeduponhim,heiserrery thing appertaining to tbeir own affairs, not prohibited by until from the heat, the exposure, the ignominy, and •aaade to induce Congreaa to interfere with questions of Slavery, and he went mad; .and his sister, looking upon all•*rt»ke feeipMBt atep* in relation thereto—t very thiaj; they theJharre been doing to-day, beaide which w e h£ave heard thorn du- these ead calamities and scenes of horror, was also Anneing every man that, dMm not come np •crazed. Then this man took up the knife.and made aoa0k»$>eer«jry .man that ttanda on the 'Squatter Sovereignty' war of exteionination upon the slaveholders and the TkiSoTu* out»id*> of the Democratic party—are calculated to leadS o tbe.moat alarming and dangerous eon«eqvtence«; and that sll invaders of the soil. There is toe secret of •*<•.efforts-hare been an inevitable tendency to diminish the the whole matter, .as I stand here to-night—the iapyin«** of the people, and endanger the stability and perma- banning of this raid on Virginia. John Brown ateaey of the Union, and ought not to be coQnte&aaced by any felt, that there was no .protection for him in the BVHUK of our political institutions.cics of the squatters, who make their! way fromGer- we will defend old Henry from your assaults. The to-day as he always did, and in addition to all•Iherelore,Ilwilbacktheimputation,-andhistory- . • n«wing, in Congress or out of It, the agitation oi tbe Slavery will itand by the record. That is .ail of it. Tne They deny tbis positive grant of power bv CJougrees which I shall read to you, that I may be understood—'•XXh*theDemocraticpartywIEresistallattemptsatre-<pe«tiaa, aider whatever -shape or color the tttempt may be calumnit s of unturkted partisanship will prove in the to prohibit slavery in the territories, upon the assertion in that case when Corran grew so eloquent—when hebetter try all chemical powers, the winds, the water*, steam, electricity, all the powers of Heaven and earth, than to hold the African in bondage, because after all it is a blunder in an economical pomt of view, and although we are determined to stand by your institu- tions, don't ask us to deny the life which we live, in letters which all the nations of the earth can read. We not only believe liberty ia preferable, but Wo believe that Slavery is a curse to the white and black." That is the man for you to trust.• c a d e . " sequel poisoned shafts returning upon then* projectors. that the word Regulation is not a common term used by declared that whenever a man stood upon British soilshould comment upon it.HELPER'S CRISIS.Ofc yes? will resist! That is the Democrati2 doe- The Investigating Senatorial Committee will estab- legal men when tbey intend to confer a political power. his chains fell from him. and " he stood redeemed, re-«,*< tarinein 1856 in Cincinnati. Did von allude ta* it in lish our innoconce, and consign our accusers to That is 'he argument of the Supreme Court. Xet us generated, and difcenthralled, by the genius of universalThere is a man in Carolina whose father was born, it is eaid, upon North Carolina soil, and we know not how many centuries before his ancestors lived there,vour iahe Xentucky Convention 7 Yes, you voted mtrited infamy. »<rwn '*thatthe Democratic party will resist all at-look at: that. Four times is the word "-regulation" emancipation:"us«'d in the Constitution with regard to grants ofSetioa oi tbe S^yery question, under whatever shape The Democratic part-/ makes against us, through the power, and thus, so far from being an unusual term, it be'injj introduced on any reasons, moral or political, but only by and it so happened that, he belonged to that large classtempts at renewing in Congress or out of it, the agi- INDfCTMENT AGAJSST THE HEP.l'JJLICANS. **^ » * P *>*? he made." What do you sayt o that T 'Them u the Cincinnati platform which you tions. Bo says:sjeenew *o~aay» Y«tdenounced as-treasonable any at* ' " I charge.that the present and ulterior.purposes of theltepub-" The state of Slavery is* of su«h a nature that it la incapable of> r a1t m t Vice-President of the United States, ton formal allega- was a usual one in the disposition of power in the positiyo law, which preserves its lorce long after the reasons, of North Carolina that may be called the working•empttoreriewti^agitatioanioer.any shane wbat- licn party asc:V%$ T^V30^ however, turn to another clause: & '• To inrrodsp.* tho doctrine of negro eqnality into Ainerican under it, have they done '! Tbey apt only " regulate country, until thiB hew light of the Democratic partyBat yon onah of *U>ue property, but.an the contrary, to make it a criminal <:$• ftnse Va their citizens.t* obey the laws of the Union, in _sb Tarxi^ s f e a o i W , That chrftntn, teflow.hip with, and de^rin* the they nratect prrperr</i>n Jjrtcan slaves; "^To.r&olirh Slav -EV in the District of Columbia;had u eight to prohibit and do;at*py--commerce Hseif. gland, and that was the law of thia State, and of others, Certainly that is a legislative power;* and it was exer- and it was decided again and again in the courts ofing to tbe doctrine of Jefferson, which 1 believe was good Democracy csce'fbeat them in 1857-8, when they were attempting, toLouisiana, and of Kentucky, of Virginia, and of Teh ,Jextii«^ix«^tntiona«tnepTu-rBnoTiEt iwue.and repndiatin/sll " To abolish it in £kw> Sort*, dockyards, arsenals, end other absolutely absurd when the Supreme Court and the ncseee, and in tho other States of the Union, I believe,* ^ to embroil tne State, and to incite to treawn aid ^ m « i reeistonce to law in too Territories, and whose avowed vir- gioaa?, if eosanmmated, must end in civil war and dissolution'i£e American Demoeraey recognise and adopt the principle'Territories, as embodying the owly sound and »af» solution o without ceasing, until the tUxatkcx* States, without sympathy orcised under this very term "regulate;" therefore it iflforce Slavery upon Kansas. He hasbacked down,T>e- Now, about this book, I am going to bo frank. I yond doubt, to-day, but if you had elected nun •Senator, bo would nave been in the Republican ranks. +:*• JtV!^m*iv^i1?? VM***3* coBcernin* Domestic SUvery, wCkh places in the South, whole Congress has exclusive iorisdiction; Democratic party undertake to say that when it was without exception, that Slavery was local, and could did recommend this book. I say I have road this In Kentucky, where he once held the first place as a" T o abonsh tbe intenaaticnal and coastwise trade: enacted that Congress should have the power to make book carefully, and there is not an incendiary doctrine" T o limit, harrasa, and n own upon the institu don in every all needful rules and regulations for the Territory, they oniyexiat by virtue of positive law; and when a citi- in it. There ia not a single appeal to the slave. If it Democratic candidate, both the platform aadtheman mode of political action, and by every form of pa bile opinion; zen of Louisiana took his slave to France, a despotic be insurrection among a people professing to bs free to were voted down; and Mr, Suvertooth, a leading "And finally, by the Executive, by Congress, bythe postal •didnotdelegatelegihlalivepower;sothattheverylan- Government,andbroughtherback,herapplicationto Democrat,declared him"outsideofthe Democrotic epntsfcted in the organic law* e#tsbli*hin»{ Kansas and Nsbri-k service, the prets, and in all .ofaLier «'jc«ssible wacitt*, to agitate £ttage that they claim would debar a grant of power, be declared ti-ee waa carried to tbe Supreme Court of appeal to the legal white voters of the country, for party." IIia late submission to stand by both the plat-whose protection the Constitution professos to be made,•4fytS ' Bowery question r upon, which UJO gr««t national id--a o broiberhood in the Union, warn AOW« by the unequal atrugnle, witfi it that very legislative power, it even extend- Louisiana, and it was declared that inasmuch as she to rise from a serfdom to the same power and control form and the nominee of the Charleston Convention,is aJiown by four clauses of the Constitution to carryMispeopi* of this jrboJe coontry can repose in its determined "lialj ],K comuoiied to surrender Jtoaominiously aoa eu>auclpate had been carried into foreign territory she was free ac- of the Government that the free laboror* aud iVoo will open no door to hia return.% sMB'servatisa.n of- the- Union— non-intervention by Congress in th*ir Hlaves.'' ^ ^ ing 4o the taking of life, liberty, and property. cording to all the dicta upon the subject. " Onoe freettotfe end Tffrilorj or in the District of Colombia." ^«w, Kentlemen, these are alicgutions formally put DonU ihey say in the Constitution tba». tbey shall have and always free." It has always been held that Slav- people of the North have done,it is insurrectionary. FILIBUSTERING,POKCl'/.Ut SOVEREIGNTY VOTED DOWN. forth, it i«not for us to question the motives of the the power .' Such waa the understanding of the old ery was an institution ofmunicipal law, and the mo- Let me go one step further, and say that there were Sixtfi : I charge the Democratic party with hMlibus- 13*6 resolutions of Mr. Graves in the Kentucky Con- man who makes them, but X take the allegations as I fram»;rsof the Federal Constitution, of the old.Con ment it was carried beyond the pale of the law, that some things in that book published by him tha; we did tering. Yon all know what that msuis. Going out with*wentkw, iadcftffog these resolutions, were almost firdthem, ar,d Isball attempt to answer them in detail. federatios^-of the framers of the act of'87, and moment the rights of hamtmity, and the great reason not regard usjust; and inasmuch as we conceived that armed bands of men from the United States, "extend-nn2JDJj33on»!y vMa u down.' While affecting to renew First of all, I appeal to the country and history. Stand- though the /Supreme Court aro bound to acknow ledge to which all law. appeals,-stepped in and gave free- the slaveholders hold their property on the tonuro that ing the area of freedom^'performing John Brownralds, ^'Hfe platform WvS&t ih*7 entirely ignore that clause ing here upon our recorded action, and the integrity of that all tho territory acquired provious to the forma- dom. All have • determined in the eame way avery was transmitted to them from our British ancestors, wo entering upon general invasions to sethumanity right.«<H*riaich bound «hs> Democracy not to interfere, directly our previous character, I plead not guilty of the ; should not regard it as a moral delinquency to bo pun- When the gallant old tar, Commodore Paulding, I re- v&mr mdiree^Jy, with Sfisrvery in the States* or Tcrntories; charges; not guilty on every conn-, except one—to that. tion of the ConfiCitution was subject to tho control of decision has been in the same direction. " ished, but as a political institution only, and therefore ceived instructions, if he caught Walker, to bring himmjd,;*ntendedto beceded,;and the Constitution' was formed,.a^tedvaunted tfu- which we proposed to chrcnlato aa an: ekwrtkmeerin*ward ceded their territory for the same reason thatI States, w h a y o you want with aXtyftfttf Slave clause? Answer inc that. Why Would you. not bo protected in your slave property as much m r,fly s t a t o <,! the Union, if it s property there, and yet. y 0 u Bt0od in conventionterritory and. other propertyHow then can the Court deny the power to act overfuture cessions; while admitting the power over thosealreadycededbefore 1789? Where is the intent— theslavchpldmgcomr^Qnity to recov£r fagitiVe slaves. South. 1believe,from mycorrespondencewithmdi- where the limitation in language—where the practice^—wherethecommonsensetosastainsuchanassumptionof political power on the part of the Court;! Na, it isausurpationbythe Judiciarypoweroflegislativeaction, contrary to the Constitation of the Untiedthe right to establish or abolish Slavery in the Territo- slaves into Ohio and New-York. Youhave the right to ries. It is, then, a matter upon which we appeal to carry a cow or a horse, a coat or a watch, into-New- the country for decision. Will you go for Slavery, or , Yoik, and if under the Constitution Slavery is just aswhen upon the abstract proposition, every/,publican party, and that is the whole sum and sub- stance of the controversy between us. We say, with Washington, Jefferson, "Madison, Henry, Lee, Adams, and Sbeiman, atd all the distinguishedfathers of the Republic, not that Slavery is a blessing and a Divine institution, and all that, but we admit it to be an evik;dare Gov. Morgan "bay they shall not bring then* slaves and take possession of the hotels of Albany, and the farms now occupied by honest freemen ? I tell you why you cannot. It is because the right you assume does not exist. The Constitution says:" JThis Constitution, and the laws of the United States whl;h •hall be made in pursuance thereof, and all treaties made, or which shall be made, under the authority of the United States, shall be the supreme lvw of the land," ice. •IS.THIS A SLAVE EMPIRE?thirty millions of people that did not sympathize with> the British—tbe white raioe as against the rod and col- ored races of India, although, as I say, the right was on the side of the East Indians. W h y ! Because therei was this development of our race, making them little- less than godlike and divine, and because, more espe- cially, those men had proved by their brutality, whent a temporary success crowned their efforts, that they were unfit for liberty. The man who dare*n^t tobe>the Commonwealth, and therefore we go against it, wherever we can constitutionally reach it.SLAVERY A WEAK INSTITUTION.•Whyi8 it that John Brown spread such consterna-Bred Scott decision is right, according to the interpreta- tion of the Democratic party, then there is not one single foot of any but slave territory from the (xuil ot lltlcico to the hills. of Maine. If that bo true, then indeed there is no conflict going on, in the language of Seward and the Democratic party, between lreedomjoiced when we understood that the old British Lion had risen triumphant over the Juggernautish flags of the people. *But welcome down a page lower in history, and see Hungary struggling against a superior power, for that independence whicn Austria attempted to take away from her. When she fought for the God-given and national j rights of independence, all this waa changed. Why ? Because, by tne liberation of their slaves they showed that they perceived a greatl princi- ple, and in this acknowledgment of a great principle,, tbey based themselves incbasolubly upon the sy npathy- of all the unbiased intellect of our wide-world t.umani- ty. We all wanted Hungary to triumph. We all de- sired her independence. So, in regard to tho black race, I say here to-night that which I have said a« many as ten or twelve years ago, that if thit issue arose,which God forbid it should come, when tie Afri- can slave and the superior race should take up arms to vindicate their liberty, which can bo in no" States done but by the destruction of the white or the black:race, I am on the side of my own race. Thesolution of this problem is a fraternal one. These arethe sentiments which I have alwayB avowed. Further,,I btlieve this to be the sentiment, so far as [ know,of the members of the great Republican party oftheStates.,"j'' •bed;therb3«present Convention, we leave out all that whieb has with the idea that he would get Southern support by reference to the last sentence which I read, j I will yielding his true-born opinion, said what, in his speechtem of rigid economy, and to the principles of Washington andGentlemen, neither in the platform of 1856, nor in thetion in regard to it? Before it ceded these tem- Mr. Breckinridge, <r some of your Ifriends, answer went to his grave in sorrow under the imputationscal, and tliey did "so nominate it in the Bond!" The confiscate all the property of the slaveholders of the "yvhigB—to come out and cruBh out the Republicans, common school to receive his education, who reads histories to the United States; it declared that it made against him by these Democrats, is now takenan infernal hypocrite; we will not trust him.'''The man who has ever seen the sanctity of the hearth-yielded to tbem entire jurisdiction, practical and politi- mo, yes" or no, did you intend, when you stood in favor framersof tbe Constitution of 1789 use this language,tion of humanity, is not the man to man to make sacri-Thepractice:eightandsix—fourteentimesdidCon- Mamfield—alljuristiknowntocivilizationand.fame, Blavery,cithernorthorsouthofthatline." theSouth,**Ihavelivedunderalltheseinsututiona,andgr>68.ac. upon this theory; and fourteen times did from the earliest da) s to this, declared that slaves were Oh, for shame Democrats, to claim to be the protec- I believe Slavery to be a good thing, a divine institu-tbe> give the lie to the pretended dictum of the five a peculiar property, unlike other property known to tors of the fame and glory of Henry Clay, and of his tion, tbe best state of society," don't you know enoughtriee-or hbor incZadod, which act, being designed to.carry oat an nothing but the raid of a man injured by aggressions Judges, that Congress nae no power to eject Slavery men. What do tho best English Reports tell us 7 principles, when there, by the last will and testament to say that that man is not tit to be trusted.M ?.Thai the foreign proposition covers, and wa* intended to Democratic party—that the laws of Missouri and -* \ to*»* ihewhole subject of Slavery agitNtion in Congrea*; anl Kansas gave no protection to him, and that he hadbeiiei was right. Why ? Because all the dicta of all | " Coming as 1 do from a Slave State, it is my solemn, delib-exposition:—1. The intention. *2. Tho language. 3. ? power, shall compel me to vote for the positive introduction of *eeh all these things, and turns round and tella you, inther«Aj« »ne Democratic partry o>f tbooetUfnniion,, sataudiinK^ <«*nu thiaV"'nottontiphttforui,wHIabtide1 andadhere toafaithful execu- oncemoreso.appealtotheGodofHwstsfordefense,tion of the acta known a* the-Compromlae measure* settled by aiid he carried that war on in Kansas, and in Mis- the Conrxeaaof 1850, *tbe act for reclaiming fugitives from »er- souri, and Virginia. The whole story is told; it wasex psoas jrovision of. the Constitution, cannot with fidelity made upon him, and tbepe proved to have been' begunBefore 1760, this was declared, and by the highest (that he publicly made to the nation, he plants himself I will tell you whom you ought to trust. I trust theth***- to h* repealed, or »o changed as to destroy or impair its sjfflotiwicyiand com. leted by tbe Democratic party themselves.from tbe Territories.THEWORDS"RULESANDREGULATIONS." TbiswasdeclaredbyLordMansfield,withthisdicta,fairly and gquarely upon the Republican platform. man who Bays: "Gentlemen, I don't believe that ThatsentimentIstandhereto-nighttovindicate. Slaveryisadivineinstitution,thatitisanyscarceof J The tenth charge or alleg:ttion is substantially em- political, social, and moral good, but I believe you had Ibraced in the ninth, and it is not necessary that Iof Popular Sovereig aty, or Squatter jSovereignty, to up. and they call upon Old-Line Whigs—old Clay stone preserved inviolate, and who has gone into someUnited States 1 Isoi Sir. You did nq't think that youmake all ntedful rules and regulations respecting the; had the right to curry Slavery into the Territory. of the non-extension of Slavery. Henry Clay said, in and riBea from the reading and tells you, that from hi»Courts of the Crow|a, outside of the House of Lords.United States. Another clause says, that Congress occation, and time itself, from whence it waa created, is erasedshall have power to " regulate commerce." Does any from the memory; it is of a nature that nothing can be suffered class, the non-slaveholders. He saw the influence ofto mpport it but positive law." Slavery upon the interests of that class of men, and ho Democrat, deny that that is a legislative power 7 What, That decision has never been questioned in thiB broke away'from thetramelsof that party, and pub-I am here to-day and gone tomorrow; but I tell yon a on politics, and to.make it the ground oz positive legislation, hostile lished a book, and he tella us, that however good a if ever tho timo does come when the slaveholders need **J*ta ^%JZfJ ?F i &9Ufft°a of this Democratic prin- to tbe Southtra^ States: commerce" under it, between foreign countries and fell upon it in the decision of the Dred Scott case in thing slave labor is for the slaveholders, free labor is aid to protect them from tbe violence of slaves rising^ S ^ ^ w S w ^ ^ J ? * r i ^ ' ^ « ^ t < > t i » ' admission of " T o txcJudoithe slave property of the South from allterritory this, regulating foreign and domestic trade, but they 1856. I say all the jurists, all men at home and abroad, better for the non-elaveholdere. He takes up tho cen- for freedom, that aid will come from the men that areS S H S Z S M ; 3 U ^ ^ i a a « t i « f c » v e r y , as tftey may elect, now in the Uniqp, or which neretiter may be acquired; paps tho embargo. Why 1 Because thsy had the who profess the Christian religion, and obey the sus of the United States, and he compiles it all un- opposed to the Northern Democracy,-and not from thetheje<pjaJTritfrt. o/all the State* will be preaerv?d intact, the ori£ " To prevent Che admis<iioa in any latitude oi another tilave- power to malie all needful rules and regulations apper- equally imperative mandate of progressive humanity,inal oompaots of the ConatitoUon inaiitained UrvSlate and the nolding State;VVT^7J^?v^on9f *«» CnioTniaunid ^ , £ ^ i ^ t S -*' T o repeal the fugitive Slave law, and grcetically zefose to tainiog thereto. In the Territories they have similar concur in the belief that Slavery is contrary to natural South affentB tho mass. Ho appeals to these mssses, not a logical argument that can bring them toquestioned, and shows how the institution of the Democracy of the North themeelve*, because, there ia ob«9 the Conotitation on that xobiect; power, delegated in somewhat the eame words. Not law—thatmothing but positive law can support it. Un- and asks them to eee for themeelvos, and act upon the conclusion which they preiend to draw. There-" 'JBo refuse to pievunt or panUh by State action the spoliation oply had they the power to cherish commerce, but they der our Constitution we adopted the common law of .En- their knowledge thus obtained, if this thing is accord- fore it was that Stephen A. Douglas was ready toevoke the! jfcotonlythat,butth/^ye>claredtha*Douglas,inst^nl-Ipleadguilty. *• Oongresp.theycometotheconclusionthaitheConbii- THEFUGITIVESLAVELAW. someofHeJper'Bsuggestionswerenotonlyim-homo,theoldfellowthoughtthePresidentofjthe cianlibctttfjm£:ihe0 twas guilty of *rez*on and outside pi tbe tutiondid not intend to confer the power at all, but HJUiKO EQUAJLITx-RETATREST. <\\thatitsverycxerc'uewai-prohibited'byth*COJBKII-I cannot dwell upon this matter to go all throiudi the practicable, but unjust. I wrote to him not approving United States meant what he said; and he ^ n t , ableargumentofJusticeCurds,but'thereisnoargu- ofhiamethodoftmancipition.ThosopartsoftheOTdaredhismarinesout,andbroughthometheindi- ment which he do*e not produce tosnpport the position work deemed objectionable, it was nndenstoodj us vidual—and what did the President aay T *'Di4 I w *hearts of ownsepii out *ri*fci>u*P, .we are not goiity «x the purpose to introdoce tntion.22L•,.., . . ; ,.. ,,:_ \Untitled Documentwho stand by the doctrines of that same Clay in favorThat is tbe truth of i he matter. In my opinion, that the last year of his life, in his last term of public observation the condition of Slavery ia tho true condi-K£Sthe Republicans, to be stricken out^ in tho Compenduader the Con- document—not that they were hn^ndiary, but becaoea of the Unitedit was a blunder not to be urged.'party tban any man in the United States, North or __: -"rg£2Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 