!^AVFAnU IR QEKHANT.vestments in other countries ; hence, the increaaed demandforAmericansecurities. Thi«branchof business is quite new in Germany, but is rapidlyBow OcBBt SMOheaynr iaRECEWT PPMJCATlOHg.THE raTcrrioNfl or tbb .unok raaoc- TrraiLY iNTEsrieATKD. i»r.'^'* .suspect "Minister,killed himself on the SSd the inst., by openingntlSKKTATIOR ffiTTBS'-- - ^-""^tewels,-•MS wonder than their number— torts chtfMreign.following :COS]iffiSP(Hn)£NCE.MIB the Blac-Mr.oranAmericanbeauty,who was either a Catholic or did not fear a violation ofai»yKX-^ OuOwm0«m*poB<*Bl.^mneMy forebodings of a since have been fortnightItamUy. May 1«.9he IttraiT dlapikyed in Pkits thia SpriDgQBMItoB*e»rrtyiU«iM« 4^ M« JVfie-rcrt Timet,PiMB,bows to theaboutthestandvrith that slow, meaauredwalk,watcber tor tlie rising sun. He dies at a BMmeat when the humblest blade of grass (asU that the earth lnu>whichlurootspenetrateUOefatterlnd. Ata time whenfijthtfnl than «»er. U aaj ao» doubtadiSM.and ladies he recognizes. The Buicide of the Hungarian patriot and nouBcing Minister's suicide were not accepted the grave, he Btaks into it. At a aanentdahen (vary We think we can show tlwt flte rwniMnaaiiK»fin« th«t Puis wia the e«Dti« of the £uli- and then to mever;so that no Hauddxsgafirioamnthedept>hrsoioifouUncseshtelairetn,am"eL0o1ngSsmsaHrsmh,s oftheabovabooksInth*presantattideIt iMiat,.jB•Xtnsaganoe, howevsr, there is a progresswere a washardtobeobliged gazed at,degree.apeakfMiflbs naofbl^the handsoiae, and the coijuetlish; Hmearefewertenthousanddollarequipagesand sin tlHee and five thousand dollar ones. Theand;it " 9w jit-.It belonged to that period when Euro- comnoaities still built cathedrals, (wliich are new the wonder of the world) in little filthy and dirt;\"each monoment self-regulatingassociationsofthei ;to ke seen. fean—acan young— 9 oldIn his doattioe ofhigher platfimn. HehasiMlBr-ftimi knowledge, althoagh "iodncttnriy"—^at i%t of pure gMd and rubies. These remnants of managinggreatest Hungarian,"huteNQB ages have disappeared IkaBTerythingelse,;expaiiaaet^;theaminationswhen he was dismissed from his office by a short, aiad the general public are the guners by at the DerbylUs tendency toward an agrariamam of the pro- wagons, for these are not allowed in the Bois deft«MessingItis cowitrm vriik anauspiciousfiuurtm^ MOaiTZ JOKAL .frirtis*. Itisnolongernecessaryforanobleman Bologne toMkeagreatershowthanhisneighbor,thedry-;thegreitdpnot nature. ThewholeT«gk««fgeoA manand thus equipages, and comfort,thebeautifuloftheBois, alongtheraces, the regulation of the Danube and Thise,thoughtthinkinglies still ambcaeed latkait ";throughalleysirtnm ties vrith names ending in off and tH, and here• -'.•r-Bitd there an Englishthe Simday commandment.BbIcMo of OoBBtAnetriuiSir C. B. Phipps, her Majesty'sand hemmed in the field of Longchamps. Majesty, it is well knovra, has refused for several attend the funeral.out as soldiers to foreign despots.and Empress, with Gen. Fliuhtlarger scale.Byaattea aad hla AeeompUoeB—The Nevr who buy what is offered them, if it be from ( Fejom^ ^ittt't Is cnrioaf as QhotnitBi the aaa-it was an imitation of the femons grey of »««• the Little Corporal." His Majesty takes off hisSnoBxim «•• cMMdltefia*. wiaflilx bet weAMp PaEBEaTATArar OF Wg*-l>Bhaiilili world, » few walks on oar public proaie-aiw would won coDTince him of his enor. Boeh alwaya does, seats herself after a bow to the striking among the many sad evants which char-|«n«1n of elegut carriages, Ugh-bredOfBooks snd writings Mr.torBbuck'smindwas ancestralsastle—thepeasantinbislowlycotof toUflU and coatir gay groups superbStzpbik SzxcHXSTiwaa bomSept. 21, 1791,inmimuut Ureriea,is without parallel in any modemcity. the mtmfieence of these equipage* is noHeto sit there all alone to be served in the wars against Nafolion I., and waa fal event forms but one of the many scene* of the AeiMM. The noble mooras la the lofty towers of Usthe present, wegentlemenThe Empress, looking pale, but charming as shetelegraph-office ;other news reached ua here in Munich the firs;had nothing left to rely on but his master's person- al favor.k.extent of our loss each day recallsand every void be left reailnds iu of It Tst, wltn ontNew-Yorkwho, in company with her father, and dressed inyear 1820, anxiety for the fate of Hun- The Vienna gaiettea first kept dark abouttraly getsall tha child- like, brother-like grief we feel for Uia, tlona" hsattamssher horse with all the dexterity and the coolnessofanadultandanexperiencedrider.He first de- an express Imperial command, obliged ro stand a!A mcmnmsnt Is. already raited for 8sxoa»*, casttokea the starch out of iig men, and puts it intoMOe ones, and vrtiich thus sets up a sort of socialcfitflibrinm. Then, again, a certain amount of in-fci—ce is due to the foreign population. More chairs, the fountains were set to playing, and a land in the bloody revolution then impending than a hundred thousand strangers are now in the military band furnished the music. Lady Cowlkt his desires were always for peaceful reform,dty,andtheseareexactlythewealthymenand manages,bymuunPalatin" ofledge or idea of what it is going to Hamk orII of all nations, who seek Paris as the plaea"Avenue Gabrielle and the Champs Elysies, was thrown open, the grass plats were covered withplacedSeptember of the same year, he mentioned to a friend of his the fears which he felt for his father-In the of Northern Italy there were seve- Kingdomsomething. They are blsidcpowers, /acalCafti^the selection of saleswomen she is enabled to make, to give to this annual fair the character of an event in the fashionable world.; for andheregardedrevolutionasthelastresort.AfterSteam-Navigation Company,bythy and hope. Contributions are freely poured into thecoffersoftheCommittee,InsldoftheRevolatlon. It Is said that Gaxibaldi sailed In aa American vas-and then movesandwhich ia peculiar to him, taking thehat,lightleft,veins of both wrists. The Vienna police were soOLEFORUPB. Bt.Cj Dabwib, New^Tosoff his hat nowcalamityelevated from tboagfet Is rasoseitatedhero, Const Bzicbknti, is the most important and hotse* crowd, and lo<^ wishfully and mournfully to the acterize the decay of the Austrian Empire. Countthan that of Mr. row BavcK's audden deathlive OB he Into - rsesalrstBhS,h"is ndaeapearttos life evalulGM. Kager arfaitraiy proceeding. The writer fiist naaai %mtilnce HuBTAiiT's and Zaniii'a, no star Itas acquired a deaervedly high iBpntBtioa from H^^ brl^terof aristocratic ladies in front of the Jockey Club's stand, and no doubt wishes shecourse many snspiglittered on the UungarlaB borison, aaano deep« ttie Hnagailan people.woA on the Bml ofgreat QoTemment God. b^-Vienna, andwhile all her friends, seated around \a awarded great honor by the allies for the part longgirl again,stUlWhat Ucalledthe; it ssema as ifPalis rolled on wheels. In one leature of this groups below, were chattiug with each other, which he took in the battle of I^ipsig, (1813,) aincethe; onpooeat,shsking hands with their acquaintances, betting "£,"!!5rS^"S5S!tTf'^'2S;ii^^.:^*S Itm.yit was owing to his efforts that Marshal BXK9A-and the exttmordioarj have giren place to a few louis d'or, just to make it interesting," BOTTX with liis army was enabled to reach the to these prisoners, put him into great troubleattemptand amusing theaselvas generally. field and take in the partWhileThe Piincesa Clotildx and the Princess Ma- he twice accompanied the allied army to Paris. note from thewidioathuman conprsbessum Is too small to compass ajadg> mary laws of bolief,''8s held SnwUrgirl, only yearsclose of thegary became the leading motive of his life, and soamazon, widi a mass of sunny ringlets flying intitheless and ragged kings sat upon thrones the wind, galloped round and round the field, try, that he was honored with vhT title of theknown,memorrofblsIof^spUltand Us szaltedaxaotplesomething which may be called aa iisnmninded by hovels, povertyearnestlydid he labor for the welfare of his coun-the 20thtestify in the lUchter Eynatten trial.clined to fulfill the request, but at last he was, by imperlshaUe In the deep feelings of hli peopis, empirically—''inTestigated." There is a knawMf*.lution,amongthatpeople. Heembodiedhiaideas The return to town of this Immense agglomera- of reformation in the three works, Hitel, Vilag, tionofcarriagesiscurioustosee. Thereisno andKeUinepe,inwhichhecombattedthesystem i ; there is now a greater harmony between swearing, no yelling, no rowdies, no confusion, as of education then in vogue, the laws for debts, there are no carts or commercial and the soccage service. From words the CountwUchneitherfile cantouchnorrustcorrode. This BonumeBt will never emmDle, and lamiortaUty will Inscilbe npon It :'*SnP^ZBRrwtntmwti.of the sonl Uiat doea not cone from andyetmaybeatndiedbyezperlsBee. BoefeMk'this writer's position, snd in this he has laaitr'ar real advance.In the other school, the Scotch School so e<Be^'the proprieties, have entered a period of dvili*;keaatyanddegancein equipages, have become borders of the Lakes, and finally crowd into the the great chain-bridge over the Danube, con- place,inCrapa. isi.1 sf the Nem-tsrk Tinut.CaalietsI, wlule the gandjr, the exceptional and the Avenue de I'lmperatrice, to attain the Champs necting the two towns of Pesth and Ofen he also frequented the lectures on political economy ;HimicB, Saturday, May 12,1860.intelUctu quod non priut ta soatu,"Dottfagtl'hMkatons have"We are indebted for most of this progress to-Elysies, it becomes a moving panorama worth a the great street near Orsava hewn out ofI leftI have traversed Piedmont, Lombardy, Southeasternhas been very Interesting to remark ho w tha tone of popular conversation varies, in the rail-cars, on the steamboats. In the country inns, and by the wayside.disappeared.good deal to see.The British Belief Association of Paris have justEight days agoNaples,—sense" there is nowndcempletedemocracytothatgreatestofmod- heldtheirAnnualCharityFairattheresidenceof Danube.Lord Cowi.IT, and it proved this year not only a In 1848 SzxCHiNTi was mads Secretary of State•nlrf«Iers,theSonrse. It is the Bourse which charming/eie, but a lucrative source of profit for in the Hungarian Cabinet, the public works beingofliberation. Buthislettersofintroductionmadeall come at last to thethe treasury of the Association. The extensive and beautiful garden of the Embassy, opening on thepleasant way acquaintedwith thein the inteUtcf bnt blaiA'luahing plaeasfcr'tfr.iW^Jii:: "^E ^^^JR"!"!^-mig^r}V-i7.-:toMEW-YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 2, 1660.^'^^^'iPPPi ^i-s.» -r---.- i.v"*«-^ nf^- .-» nl.-*T<yl^-. '.r^*r:?^ - Tjf^.- ?-j '«>»••"J -i-'s^''r' "•^wmtmmirija'lWiiiljpiii^MSzeokoayl-Tfeo GoTeiwaoBl mmi 'BMmmmrf—V\»\4'1HmxAtAexpanding,andwill, doubtless, increase on a st'iUThe inclosed tianalatioDfrom a Hongarian paperwasas a soldier.that this dreadregard himashaviafnadaMittiMuniOH, Tuesday, April 17,thisthatthe telegrams aneducatedit is wellttagedy.speak,have tuB taiyesM (ss tnstfor meft s sim< i* t<sr.No one can reiUlse it Tha cosimon measare of BtTBKXLXT,youngAfter the Congress of Vienna (1816) ills mind ap- faded. TheactoaUy dabig byreceived a sober turn, and to gratify the "•nd with gold inside and out, and whose appear- of the aristocratic world. There were to-day no knowledge, he traveled through Germany, France, you from ynur office Fbakcib Josxph." This ToaaM ki pablie was an event, is no longerin which country he was at least six-till death alone was andImmcatadty wanting, are b«was nearly emptyfast American trotters on the field to excite the England,—occasion,;parentlyAsia Minor. After his father's death, toward thenonder of the Frenchthe " occasion was Ameri-How long shall we reinaln to sorrow for him f Thenevertheless, or rather the lioness" of the—lion," teen times, Italy, Spain, Turkey, Greece, and1Privy•f people who lined every avenue of the Bois de Purse, wliich I have been permiUed to see. Her tlie friends of the deceased could be sammoned to her sure way to bankruptcy and decay ; everybody have so nobly striven for freedom st home, become theto sit for a new portrait, preferring that artists should copy from those in the Palace, madeThethe Queec, to request that you will have toe goodness not in a public in Pesth, but also opes. They nuaber several thousand, and attract members of the American As30clatfoa him, onljr squared'auvre* of Bxhdik and of Ehslhib kere were tandems, and cavaliers, and cavalUru.learntthemathematicalnames. Thseqoipsges, which stand on the outside;present,Ie this little teapot, about Savoy andsee the costliest coach-and-four in Paris, tliat passquent asstuwices, and they have always afforded herregular tempestNice. The Governments,from their firat a more moderate positionItIs are true,now re- assn iain gthen that of the Baron HAnsaxMAii, giving sittiiigsblank sensation^In its first remembertngs (aitdnullionslrss ;Prefect of the Seine, and another of the same, con-wUlbehappytogiveevery fdcUity foracopybeing;how many represented baronial estates, and how many a ionrisiiing trade in drythe zeal of a new recruit, and this time-honored do not possess such painful interest.will be apt to outlive the denunciations of M. the new loan of 200 millions of florins which the memory ol the Count, was,"stMpVas"t iatagestrained poverty ;as bihig- —descended from HoBBt Breda, the clasaic quarter of Lorette-dom.ago, only only 55,000 Lawbxncb, of Providence, Rhode Island, has just florins came from foreign States, while all the resteulogist writes thatpolice netlc in his countenance,and wet goods nor how ;manypolitical economist,of whichwhich at- IrresistiblyIt ia a little singular that in thecaleches and published ia Paris, in the French language, a was given under compulsion by Austrian subject*. the mourning dress adopted by a great many com- the thought ol the magnetism oflhat countenance, not even the Courtmay learn what itHeb. i : by 8,when19. It wss a ray from•oop^of this lattera man— pamphlet in defence of the South on the Slavery The question, whether Austria can slant! the munities in Hungary. whose princelyanudglPiunnescsh himself has failed tpoaiateri" theeternal beam ;" itwas a reflection from theioreake does a bandatme free.city,theyJfMatoswEurope, in the firstto ba de- theGerman question. Theforgives^the great changeshave startled the people from their ignorance. ofler, nothing is yet known. iween Protestaatt and CamoUc but t^' "P"»diVf'fe;rthe Marchioness-with a t<rilet that would *«*«*•thaninacit andferocious ailmals of their naUvesold theur dated to describing the present political eonditioa ''r'^'^'ui'bT'NsiS.^^ Winter ha. been a the ahatdute, the eternaltM'jWrthfalAnBtriansuecMt obtained incheeks; last word, Jd fine, of human audacity '."commonand have come city In the world theapproachingspiritualelegantclass, one never sees ";ruptcyonlyfor;drivM maa io,^tl^1^J Madamewherethem- to hare imaienso executing thi-lr In- comparable exercises—prodigies of their kiiid—theprospect byof Austria, whichclared, as, in fact, it already is completed.made the and par- &jropean,as ra>PrincesshroWB hair, dark eyes snd skin, and redlh« yentUol and magnificent blonde, the Viscoun- tess BB Jtenro; sercral Busiian and PoOsb beau-offinances of France, and the dangerous situation of throughout Europe that they were published in a cUer to that the Aids are wUte and frtgiant vrith doctrine of^s^^^M-'-^^^^^^^^^'^^^^^^''^i^^^,%t?tswww.fultonhistory.comprovokeand liberal. HeAnothoefr elolqUuuentUnawrtiltoenratdetcilbas, ss a special feature the Bologna, ths issisilawhich enteringand Mile. Emuzo eeoaecrated ;proceedings HintI""eln^"o«biy beautlfal now this Hesiian affairMitntBinoH, darkAmerica,in.has, or can have, any such idaaa. TUiis;do notbought ; but that they have been so often bought thatyetyears pastthe The wholetheyheris one of the letters which passed on the occasion as a political martyr, has been obliged to suffar.and Bbuck's brilliant career have come to an endReformed commualty, to which the deceased be-cause which their aid. I espouse any may purchaselonged, was crowded with people. The funeral Bure attention from a certain part of the assem- of her Majesty's high appreciation of the sentiments demonstrations of respect, the whole nation has was followed by many officials employed at thetions, is come to ba imputlal, non-cominlttal and ex- pectant, rather than decisive.There goes the Biagnificent open coach-and-four of the Countwhich dictated the wiah for a portrait of her Majesty,which is ei pressed in the papers which you forwarded resolved on six weeks of public mourning for its to Lord JoHS RcasiLL. deceased father. Solemn funeral ceremonies arethoughtbut we don't trust Napolsob." they talked very little about it; it rejoices becassa And so, in itato assure the in the building of the Academy. Besides theseI asked an old man of Granbunden wh&t Us cantonblage than the races. For exampleHd Coontess dx Uounr, resembling the Imperial Of these kind sentiments on the part of the citizens to be performed in Groes-Zinkendorf, the burial-Board of of the notable men of the Finance, many:Another told me that known persons. But there was neither any of the But when It concerns Swltnrlaitd mora directly,then we of the tinlted States her Majesty has received fre-Secretaries ef Slatethe imperial army.speech, in which he mentioned in warm words thefears •ftheEksazcfamily,thewell-lcnownMexican fulleccupationofhertimewouldnotadmitofhertoe liveliest satisfaction. Her Majestyfor an original but the Queen portarit,good qualities;pee-suicide to escape from the dilemma in which he >lien two most eligible. I hare the honor to be, Sir, your most found himself. Richtix, the Director of thecal festivaltaken of that be considered the sny portrait mighttaining the Count AsdaDO and family•tbn eoaches-and-four, belonging to tfie''5ddrt,ad cootaiiUng the reigning Duke of Oldenburgnd snite; and still another, belonging to the the for this in-revolversand'momlag stars,"with which It IssaidIn;should go to the Palace, and there select, with the summoned by Emperor expresslyPrincess Clotudx. But the coaches-and-four are aid of Hon. Mr. Phipfs, the portrait which should vestigation, and consisting of 13 high officers. Im-for complicity with Bykatibit have SreiesBonmaednte in Pestn, Trieste, Venice and other three weeks of reflection, have at length ventured towns. In Trieste the heads of the three first firms there, the Messrs. Rxvoltxlla, Bbahbilla have been arrested. Bitoltella was formerly a partner of the late Austrian Finan- towards a terounation, be- wit snd sarcasm which ii always ready when any- cial Secretary von Bbvce. It is said that Minis-moraing-starfotority, mcwoivaby people of this respectablebe found most suitable to the object.Several of the leading French journals, after; still darker things are apprehended, threatening the total de-ent•.i«a—t. toatrueorrationalexperience. Alltheseideascomewithit from that supernatural preexistent sphere in which ths human spirit, the ratiaudhuman spirit, has its supernal origin. Suchadoctrineofthesoulis bomtheearliestnot allclass; the iemi-monit also sbine in tliis categoryGreat IndignationUfelt tonumopoUzededgeIf brilliancy, and we see here the famous Uadame olike those ancient Greek in which Fate tragedies,sweeps away, stroke by stroke, first the power and then the life of great royal houses.Napleshave ntimerous recruiting olSces, sad arePaita, the owner of the porphyry and mala- ddte palace on the Champs Elysees, which latelyto say sometiiing about the late international prize-progressesvery slowlycause, perhaps, there are no more titled;" and there aUo is the wt lees famous Aoxlx Couktois, accompanied bybeymidthe Bhine to pluckin France. It was necessary for the grave and re-his Aspirits. regencyia said to bethesameantagonist. Itwastheteach-"is the and it is apigeonsthing Englishsubjectyet mys-and &om the earliest time has it had, sid>*fight in England. The occasion was certamly a good one for the display of that fund of Frenchand Maxdolti,ter Bbuck, who, from a merchant, had at- simpletained the important post which he lately hold, and who had, moreover, acquired a very large for- tune, chiefly in lands, was not wholly unacquaint-FeanciS Joseph, among all is quite at a loss what to do.set outthese misfortuaes, There are rumors of;tery how the fight passed off with so little noticeaon longjourneytime,stantially,ing of Plato, in distinction from that of Abzs- TOTLX ; of the Realists among the schtMlmaa iaspectable Journal des Debats, in the person of M.two lovely chUdreB, which give her superb calech* JoBH Lemoimkk, (whose mother was an English ed with the way in which his former partner man-but atago, presentaa *ir of respectability that makes one look twice woman,) to set the example. H. LiuoiNNt's aged his affairs.; it is the ipHtriof which some are now so mnehin distinction from the present Bacoiriaitea, or philosophy of experience. It is older than ^AWV We find the ground, if not the ezposiaM ef B, iacaps.Jt would not be safe to attempt to class thettuWHsda of beautifiil equipages in the order ofthey nowforbid all evatioBS in honor of nearlysome of the earliest ef tbe portions"Bc^iarticle, three or four columns long, was more an essay than a criticism, and altogether he treated the subject so kindly, one might easily imagineThe President of the Austrian Mercantile Cham- bers, L. TDK B0BIBT8, also committed suicide onaugmenting.The Austrian Government, in its utter want ofand are to see her humbled, even whileto be aasnred of the identity of its owner. Butthere Is no mistaking those four brown liay horses,and the outriders, dressed in white bucicskin his father, as well as his mother, to be EnglUh. decided whether a feeling of guilt induced thisAustria,they fear that the Freedom ofIs amusirg, but true, tiiat the opinion prevailsdoctrineC. B. PHIPPS.Austrian credit was entangled in the same Jancier,theRiOBTFR, imprisonedobedient, bumble servant,Gio. M. Dallas, Esq,It was at length decided that Mr. Kellogg ment yet to be given by a special court-martial,or fifteen thonsaiMl mea eenld beten efoif^ad.fight.quitesaf farther, parkap^' %' great ^mnbersome carriage of olden times, cot- stand monopolized all the beauty and fashion passion which he felt for acquiring universal Fbakz Josxph." " I deem it to dismiss appreciation accorded only ts the dead, towards Hakhtov, &n back, after aB, npan LooB^;THII.Z were in the diplomatic stand, wiiicb,note was briefI*h finde Sic Thres Poatens tu entheben afSlcttag sitock. Uvisg, he had reached a point ofonthis the Jockey ClubEmperor's Emperor'shope mentonsuchaman. lUsiietoiraiedthat SoUghm"at the time of the first revo-day,inst.,never lose, never sell, never barter—neverproceeded to deeds, and by his wonderful energy accomplished a great many important results. The principal fruits of his labors were the HungarianEmperor. CharlxsLewis,BarontohBbuckwasbomonbut every road is crowded for miles witlllines of handsome carriages, three or four abreast,filled with well dressed people, and as they wind Academy for Sciences, the National Casino, horse- Elberfeld. He was the son of a citizen of thatdifficulties stiU remaia. Wethe solid rock, and the line of steamers on thebatsaneSiing. TliayanTunder his immediatt But in supsrvision.the ofried daughter of one the firat merchants of dition of Gaxibau)! to Sicily.Trieste, Buschke. He created the Austrian Lloydsand contributed his cleverness and energy very much to the present flourishing condition of this great and influential•gnaatdy. Hen go to London on basinesg, and to for a pin-cushion or a paper-cutter with the Bar- ing under the greatest excitement. Some hours merchant, and his great wealth gave him a rank as pedition was conducted imder the EnglUh flag. He t«m» and Naples to see fha sights, but it is only omess BoTBScmu), or with the lovely young later he set out for Vieima. When he arrived one of the firat citizens of^rieste. Tha Eomeror, took with him only votimteeis, and went against Ou at Paris that the nabobs of the earth seek their Princess di Mxttbbbicb, or with the Countess there he was insane, and was at once taken to the in acknowledgmeirf oi hispublic scrvicea, maoe him osteaalUe remonstrance of the Sardinian Goveia-having spent an evening with theat which to melt their gold most rapidly and most What, for example, would yon think of dickering Hnngaria, he returned home about midnight, labor- enterprise. He soon acquired a high standing as a sal, although, according to another account, the ex-DiHoBHT,orofbuyinglemonadeandcakesof aBaron. In184Sto»plcaaore and an outlet for their fortunes. the beautiful and aristocratic Misses Wxllislkt ? mad-houae in the neighboring town of Dobling. part of the Auatrians against Italy, and waa tiwn •Oleat iB fKst» <rf the ealaipitss. Thoaaands ofThe Spring races at the Bois de Bologne, in the Mrs. Hoobi, an American lady, well known in A constant inclination to suicide haunted him, and elected by his fellow-citiztea aa their Depnty to volnntewa »iajjiaily to feUew the Oeaaiab bat ItJsuntil sense supplies it ; nothing, in short, Oat would, i friori, determine it to thiidt or lialiaia any aae thing more than any other. The iwiOMtt we attempt to fill np these blsnks with taf sock adaptedness to oaa thing more than amttw, '^maabmba of the city, was an excellent^occasion for the fashionable circles of Paris for her personal in his lucid intervals heof "his inca- the German-National Parliament in Pranktert. After the Vienna revolution of '48, he went intooffice as Secretary of State for Commerce and Pub-we csnnotadiatt- distingidshjiasslin in review all the elegances a( this monstercharms, held one of the booths for the sale of small objects of art. When is the American colony in Paris to organize an association of theircomplained pacity to save his country."hStBBfaw. ItlsBetataaaa«ha|r ssUttathsrsrtpHjMflijItij;sta^t-hijig -—^,eaal JAfterSzECEXHTi'she^thhadbeenapparently —sufferingcountrymenusingarrangingmails,hliHyHiGabion. Horse-racing—anamusement,inlic Works. In this capacity he did much good, by imluad has antered fairly into the At London, where the Americans are much ling, there, receiving lishing telegraph-lines and railroads, opening river-nope, can£ned till lately almost exclusively to own for the relief of ? wholly restored, he was not willing to leave Dob- his influence in new estab- I had the good fortune to coma northward Wilk tte eall^veiy mail wUch brought tha news of the Ibst iUffa who make of it, however, less an occa- fewer in numiier than in Paris, there is a Belief house and visiting his friends, until on the 3d of chatmels, and generally facilitating trade and com- undoubted departure from Genoa, vrtth the Generalliabits of tiiebut lived calls at his ownof asnae, ^^^ aeof theaist^Air betting money, and ameliorating the con- Association which has already accomplished a March last, there came a number of policemen merce. But in 1861 he was dismissed from his of- hlmsslf. Us ofBcers, and 300 dmb. Wharsver we And thus tiie maxim is in fact 111 1111 sed.ttrntek,Judgmentthhigaofaeaslr''--race, than for parading their good deal of good. It is true that it partakes from Vienna to search his apartments for political fice, and lived as a private citizen till 1851, whencame, in Italy, the Udlnga caused great rejoietng. we the The inhabitants seem to occupy themselves with regardtheinery before the public. Notiiing could be more was the foundation of it.caiifias, indeed, than these Sunday assemblages ball for their meetings, constantly open, at w^ch the ofiicers caused the mind of the Count to lose place he occupied till he was, in 1855, made Minis- •f the wealth and fashion of Paris on the turf of are received the leading American and English its balance. This time his insanity proved incura- ter of Finance, in the Austrian cabinet. The state LoBgchamps. No notability of either sex dare al- papers, and which has thus t>ecom* the rendezvous ble, and it ended in Szxchikti's killing himself of the Austrian finances was then nearly as bad aswith itsits sensations with its owndiliaD>^equine somewhat of the character of a club, but charity The Association have aof ancovered no documents of importance, the visit ofhe was again called into public service. He was—soul, stampingorigioal;low his or her absence to be noted at these re- ofAmericans in London. Mr. Mihob K. Kzllogo, by a pistol-shot at 10 o'clock in the morning of it is now —thsy are not yst wsary of Its repetition—and Gari- there is nothing in the human sense, nothutgviews of fashion, and one here meets all the ec-Mntricities and all the absurdities of the ParisianEaster Sunday.The Austrian Government betrays a conscioushis capacity as an economist being known— great- er part of the people were really so foolish as to believe in his power to set all things to rights"he maJtes soldiers wherever be goes."Crossing the Splugen, which Is still partlr covered ly in the human intellect In its first nonberw*rU, a« well a* its elegance*. Every form of ve-hicle—and there were eighteen thousand of them teresting conespondence—but, since this was impos-less than literally, cooler. The Swiss are influenced, sadly disappointed. I think, In the formattoa of their optnlons, by their an-ings of sensible things, the soul with it its bringskfiowledge of numbers, elementary indeed bat all ;lastSunday!thesixofBarontohBbuck's service, goneThe who these, very peopishighestheightsofmathematics.—passedinreviewbefore the crowdstook in regard to jlacethis portrait between the American Minister andofficerofthespread through the town in a short time, it orderadBut they have beenAll their hopes are destroyed. Austria has, duringcient and long-continued praetlcs of hiring themselveseven to theIn its first judgings it has its ideas of diSsience and identity ; in its first comparings it applies its rule of ratio, its ideas of equality, of parallelism, ofspatial and angular dimenaiona, althoogh itthe well known American artist, who has been located for the last two years in London, has been engaged by the Association to paint a portrait of the Queen for the hall of the Association. An in-all minds were despairing, but Bsdce'siaiii."fie ia a great man," said an old mountaineer tomewith snow, I founa the atmosphere, ftguratlrely noabove mere blankthat is not soiaahowpapersexciting nature. Althoughthey dis-made " internancio" at the OttomanPorte, whichalternately llnostro Re, Vittorio £manueUas thusat this First, it tried to conceal catastrophe..guiltthe matter altogethersible, and as the news, despite all precautions, again.an immediate builal of the remains, even beforeyearshas been losing money, with the exception of the Minister, whose fortune gradually grew up to an amount of 17,000,000 florins, nearly $7,000,000.B^iogne,Thare were magnificant coaches-and-fourfCaiecAex,knaks, Victorias, AmeTic4xineM, broughams, dog-during the first years ofThe elegant equipages occupy the inside of the Sia : I have received the commandsof her Majesty, great patriot, and monuments will be erected to place on the 26th inst. The ehapel of the Protestant their very style of thought regarding foreign rela-Buthas failed of its Government design.nation is offended the byHungariantreatment which Szxchekti, whomThus Austria's lastit veaerates hopetheir own country, and to bola themselves ready toMinister tom togeth- " BncEiHOHAH Paiaoi, March 23, 18£0. In Pesth, medals have been issued in honor of this er. The burial of Vienna's once great man tookplace of the Count's family.Field-Marshal Lieut. EriCATTin, who was impris-anyThe Protestant pastor made athat the oned for the numerous thefts committed by himand pbhurteutshre,zeal of thewhen in charge of the Conunissary Department olthe Italian has been to commit army, compelledof the deceased man's charaster ai affected his private life, but passed lightly ever the public and political part of Baron TON Bbuck'scareer.coveringple, manifested at inch gatherings as the great musi-affair. He is still imprisoned, awaiting the judg-tions) Its own idea of time, its aow and Aat, Ba war, foray innate thought of bstnesa, presenee, and «formingold Swiss bludgeon "»l;^„v"^,J"5''iJ?'^!!J2,.l? ^wing successions of the sense. AU this.—kaowi-self-reliance, adopts tlie strangest and most im- article on the brutahty of Anglo-Saxon manners But the public is cast into such consternation by themselves as popular as possible in Hungary,the 11th of this month. Thebreeches, maroon velvet jackets and gold-tasseled Then followed the republican SiicU, in a lengthy act, or whether he was drawn te it by misfortune.and the superior civilization of France. Lastly, we have had a leader in the ministerial Constitu- tionncl, which let loose all the thunders and theconversation was the progress Tuscany andpress of that region has sprtrng at once toand the extra steamer cato how aiaay were there at the expense of starv- ZiHHEB. But some allowance must be made for other topics, which, although not very pleasing, which, on the 26th inst., was ordered to conveyIt would be difficult to iadi- ation at hene, the supreme effort of an over-hero have been forbiddenness of and freedom disproportionate to Its powerthe penny-a-liners handle tnelr quills as though the parent goose had been plucked a.centsf y ago, m-accounts o( His •tead of yesterday. The glowing transcendII aiesty's orllllant receptions sometimesthe sublime. For Instance, when one enthoslasdctheir leepectability.of one of the new editors, M. Geobge;indignation; itwas"croattiof meta-is to be yetthe tragical events of the last few wseks that it is taken for granted that any act of this character is connected with them which have gone before until the contrary is clearly proved. But I gladly turn toquestion'of the Almighty that givttk Mm imltlligmt*400 students from the Unirersity at Pesth to Vien- British institution, brutal and heathenish as it is, Austria's credit is so totally destroyed, that ef na, to attend a solemn funeral sermon held inat the moment of veryher departure, prevented from sailing by the in-teifeience of the Pesth police. But thehave not yet been able to .hinder the wearmg of tracts all who look on him "—onecan but laugh atZlHBIB.An AmericanGovernment triedHon. W. B. 38 millions have been taken,Ji nostra Ri has loisething msg-and Negro dangers threatening her, must, therefore, be an- pays Slavery in the United States. A Letter to the swered in the negative, even looking at it from aTke Archduke uncle to the can suppress, exag- Stephen, pres- A little Bantam rooster would be the fittestthe happy individual who for the macliine question, entitled, French Industry•ot the Father'*now at Parisare a compaay of fine gymnasts, named Rocaxiil, keep the people in subjection. Now Austriaretired to his beautiful castle ofSchaumburg,of every ism deterAjaongother American curiositiesportof the large armies necessary tous from saying that man, thus bom ofto make some weeks"aopearance, for the " gtissu wma." It is a pity that mistaken eulogy, having so many bet- If the friction of a piece of Chantilly I4ce, or the LIAB Bx^CH Lawrxnci, of Rhode Island, United particularly when consisting of so many dif- Palatine of Hungary. The Archduke SliPHXir ter things in the King to praise^ eant let so weak a'radiation from the Word that"dees not dare to show himself in it.the Archduke Albbxcut in his place as rival, personalStates." The pamphlet is ably written, and I com- ferent natioiulities as the Austrian empire, occupied this post in 1848, but he was dismissed point as lilB face pass by unnoticed.iBBtling of a moire antique dress, cantaai— of jealousy from female eyes, how much mend it to you as worthy of a review.moi* so ought the prancing of proud, pure-bloodedinto the Kosmos, became the UgU human soul." Let no outcry of Panthe-Chief Editor of the Journal des Dibats. By Wil- bnancial pointmonarchy,glory ;of view. An abselutealways needs enormous sums for the sup- from it, his views being too freeUwaa awas in the beginning with God," even that Wordof the hie coatrast between the mystarioos light ef ths boob Weusbaden, capital and the of the in theMici, MacGiltoh—and I have forgottenout of Paris have ever seen', have been two years in monarchy, has no Chambers of Deputies. People has thus spent in seclusion, and something like the popular feeling is very strong agatnst the ces-death, and to-day,terriblybyimprisonmentciaru)la beknown to theViennatheshakenHungarian,stranger,friend,theOf course, those ignorant people,M LL D. cCosH.«r Jtmm New-Tisfc : BaaOB CoitoTThe Emperorand the Count ci Moittibillo, and Ume. FlxubtandHme.niMobtibkllo,occupiedtheimperial tain>b4AaMrieaaSeearldea—Saietdeaf theycomplainoftheilnjustGovernmentofthe Pesth, andspeak SzaosairTi, glorwloaasa By8trWouabUixanm,Bart.'Vtstand. The Emperor wore the grey overcoatto which be has taken such a passion for the lastyesr but no one who sees it and him would ever ;Baxaa •a Braelt—The Eapcror'a Jobt- aay, aad the Helrleaanesa mt the Aaa-United States.In contrives to ofHungailan patriot martyr who, last April, dilTca to ndelde by Aostilan deapaOBDu^^'lP'Sf^°^phjdes. Genu * loeoiB. Bonly AaatrlBB l4«u»—EnreBoaB FIbbbcIbI At- America, will sometimes be cheated, and thenptoMnt uwa 0ietortniiBaoiaiaa.18W.<;»Muarca, Monday, April 30, 18(0.e. ASBOTH. Tnm Ike Astt Wmmmmt.asueioim Sralxetans. ByBanr lisahai B.O. Osraa * JLnnNur. BoliatheNewPbIbiIboofHBB|ary—TheHeaalaa thattheAustrianFinance tonBbuck mustbeix>meBKMrelamlUaxbefaravreeaalaalUeIt.trlBB OBTcrBBicBt—ArehilBlte 8tepkeB,already fulfilled. All the world has now heardTHE OBiaiNIt Is as fiwugh bUBdneaa had sMekaa tae expoctaat TXOir ;- OB, JTBBfrightened byat the Government whoday,cansed by a fit oi apoplexy.cions were aroused respecting the real nature of this sorrow has bowed downthe rocks and theor a woman of lower It Danube, the hearts of bis people, and tell wtethefriends on accoant of the Eyaatten trial.alj theseevents butsomuchis thatonFri.;hetaasleftns a great inherttsnoe—the everlastbigcommercial world, naval officers, and other well-Directortrian Credit Mobilier, of whom I wrote in my lasthas also made an af but letter, attempt suicide,was prevented from executing it. It may be seen by this fact that the list of suicides and suddendeaths in Vienna is Bot yet closedeclipse the rlned cannon ofSwiFtrzaenrcleandInbecmaduasBecyal.l -" i.t•h*as not from expe'rience, b*u—t* as easstruction of theIt is, indeed, a drama Empire. veryalong theofenticing, by promises of high vrages, the young men of the cantons to enter the Italian service. Ia spits of the remonstrance of the Band, Prance does noth- ing to prevent these transacUons, wUcb, If they con- cerned her own citizens, she would suppnis la a day. It is one of the anomalies of this country and peo- ple that neither the prohibition of Government nor the entreaty of patriotism can prevent Swiss citizens from thus enlisting, so long as the otfices remainto revive nominated, with the Archduke Fbhoivand Max as the head. This plan is not new ; it was formed some time the signs of its execution arehis intentiontoknown,grayof his Trieste The ex- made into hii own in relationoffairs,own his last hand,,ner la which the Press, OMleT ItsItaly is a delusion. It there prudent means for keeping its position. So, for quite generally, that MaK)LSOB, some fine day, wlU instance, instead of trying everything to make eitcer abandon Lombardy agaia to the tender mersletdeceased Connt Szeobehti. Public collac- tioDS for the raising of a monumeat t* the deadKing thoughthe* Again, the rational sonl, wa are taiigfat,(Oea. V: T,>ent is said to be destiaed to succeed gerate. Emperor, inCikon"therAectt— brightnessthethe last made one loan after Duchy of Nassau. This castle he had inherited— natural—in other words, that he has aawndilage of the fair sex. It was of no use for most wonderful performers in their line the public anteed by the people, since Austria, as an absolute member of the Nassau family. Twelve years he think it is not too much to saye that a true supernatural, a true divine. A false re-horses, the easy rolling of a luxurious ! carriageraysThe Piedmontese papera seem to bethe two hasgay others. These gemlemen, who are certainly the another in a most reckless way.on the European Continent do not generally takeGod,might shrink from it as sn hainety ; should we fsar to say that there most, be to in this image of God in man, and so ia laan lam-a rival a handsome equipage thanIn the Jockey Club's stand, and within the limits stronger still than their feats of strength, and twenty years. But the occurrences of late years duke's answer, whether or not he will accept the feelfBg. TheklDgdom It divided,*! V"" *°°,7:i u s vision of the everlasting ideas..Asd you oughtto see the jealouseyesof thisNone wasguar-pielfybut even while bmd ezordeouwnthemaseslevnte*shorse to champ his bit and hishandsomeproportions before the crowdaMtly reaped envy for his pains. A woman no this whereUgh-bredspreadbanishment from the Vienneseis not tligionism but why;hegreat interest in political financiering, but giveare in weighed and that the power of ths Emperor,Europe, and have attained a wonderful reputation. They are now performing at the Hippoarome, inoo now,ltno sionits utmost this Court proud warmlyagataistittheyare byduringfifty yearsfrom his mother, a Protestant princess, and a Court andboldneed,are the card of the their money where their fathers and grandfathers ssW for help from the man who was sent away that theyIs ademandwUcnprincipalhouse. But the advertisement of these gentle- gave theirs,hlawhen considered superfluous, or perhaps even an proposalit were dangerousabout 15 miles fromths uncreated and eternal? Tbiamen, pasted over the walla of Paris, is something which have come over Austria during the last adversary to their proceedings. About the Arch- In Bavaria I came agaia upon strong Camouc is uncreated, and through it the fiaile ecea^nJ^Ma [They are all Bowsry Boys.] Some young men grown cent, of its nominal Uoritt, (Princess TxOBBrrsKOl,) up In the virgin forests of^ the New habituated 70 perthere were hard of continental affairs in relation to ing EuropeanOanntess niBitlfct, pale blende from the banks of the Neva to the taming of wiia Worlu, times for a large number of families. At the Germany. But, if in the meantime nothing ex-in a cu-cleas are related to the Hessian and of total ruin the bank- ticularly theyJSYtlS"'.;""frr„f„,m winter to Somaer. vaUey;hor««,and to with theway,panyFrancisco, and after having ajtonlshedVillafranca,preferringpeoplesecuritias,Indesd, ta -North-;posdblai :aB4ttt scenes,andso superb •tlvei toward OlddifBcult to more, dlrec-.ed>-? spring,KinSi^dl^T^hfey of the fainmakeit as asstrugglesat BaB forests, joinedlettershall be dedi-diGalliki, (MUe. Lafkitx.)have been an event any- the populaUon of the placiri, so habituated to exdt-cautiousa toss of a part of their fortune to the of Prussia and the smaller Carman States, par-and, FromMmd^>.bw^W|Pi^^j^_ but a iu highest adrocates, even those wbo woddOh, you g«od)billets!Europe in general,ticularly the German capi/aliets, look for sure in-pamphlet,Hmileh la next myK, W. S.ParisiansPr-r-r-emz rot MALAKOFP.of which thousands copies have been sold.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069and thousands E. N.oftbe oiosronu pear,unconscious ofitnttttglU•f the were collected the quite out-Barnums Barncii. It reads as followsweighing enclosure, "The prcdlgiei accomplished to the present time When the Austrian bonds suak to 33 per cent., Austrian affairs have now absorbed all my strongly Wltra-Monune. Whilebeauties of the official world. Bach beauty had by the most up sur- renowned gymnasts are Infinitely:The ofphilosophy sense, exfetjaqee, t^,my whole letter. fcerseparatecourtofadmlrerf. HerewasthePJ.1 ''^^of*oftheAnglo-AmericanCompany.onlyinAustrianpapermoney,exchangedhereat areinfactthemostimportantandthemoststrik-Baconian, (to give it ita most orthatwhichdeniesalliprioriknowiedga to the human aool, can never, in Baduring the Italian war, and the interestjwas paid thoughts,andconsequentlyTheysodMfledlya> to the qtiesUoasappropriate Baaas,)value,com- slightest rise in these bonds, after the peace of traordinary happens, my nextitTf^^ffirrrrSeVW-SirBuisur ownreach &e ideas of theTills distrust of Austrian bonds, the precariousat oLce, Instead ef straggling along one ;really-v<irs^.E^needsgeneral the Prussiantiie fruit Sees which ax. .0 ahmdantthere, have tU floweredUntitled DocumentChambers inhave caused such an extraordinary sensationUgiausasfessible,are;;hope mourafal memory.thedepkara la aim a coounon lees. All who reaeet ask:enough htafallin death made Us wholeeonntiybewail the Bbowv, and carried a little—proper "— whom calumByls dumb and praise only eloqaent powers of raflecUon," evea aswhanfal^they, line was naturally the death-stroke for a man who this, hastead of avoiding, he anticipated, examined, foimd to but kabitt of—Baroa Bbuck was called on to hav) to Isve oiu's anatlrp. TUa Inharltaiioe let usthree hours' examination.Minister's biD, at the office of the Creditwas examined by another Court of Justice, and the consequence of all these proceedings was the above note of theBominatlon was hailed with immease joy, forfeeling, modified, or made different.Bbb^k took in Iiieate the Bsat Be that as It may, the people are certainlyAt the same time, theMobilier, Hay God give peace ts bis spirit, rest to his ashes, .TBSOUGHBWIieBKIiAMD TO GBBIHANY- the18thofOctober,1798,inthePrussiantownof CleseafaaItallBBTrlr—P^Itleallariea. reallygetandthe career of a—The Weather aad theadoptedwhich capacity he lived some time at Baun, wheremerchant,the;by something pieviogeslsBB—The reeeat Tear mt TIetar EaiaaBelPSi nijwdandold sweeping maxim of the maletiallst, asHakheld at that famous University. In 1821 he wentto Trieste on his way to Greece, 'as he in-tended to help the Greeks in their war SwitserlandandBavaria. Inthisraj>ldprogiessIt These"powers,""focoUias,'' "foswiyh^tafit>him in such afirst families of Trieste, that he resolved to staythere and take up his trade again. Inl828heinar- ral grand topics of general interest First, the expe-Thepeople are unanimous fa their sxpreislons 01 sympa^facilitates, capacities, (measures for htUimg,)that he iriU tlcndt Us naSt Beat Ot troops,whoareallItalianspraising1tools of tyranny abroad. Aad, so maay of tfaeia having served Iti the legions of Naples, and the Pope,seem to hare no fixed sympatUes outilds ofage;is from the Divine intreatkingin the image of Oad." Is it tbtrefiite._ .u«ii- self,mean that aie to bs they literally readyhathnotfirst straight thing, or seemingly straight thiag, it recognizes, it employs immediately its eaann of straightness.. In its first esthetic emotion it has its idea of beauty, or all the power of the sense wootS fail in producing the emotionit sees its idea tn it or through it.first measurements of space, the sonl has its idea of distance, its kere and fAere,its three dimensions^ without which no sensible experience wonid give us any thought of space aside from nnmeastarad—BS ths only groond or possibility of aay powerof memory beyond the merest physical aasocia-of Italian affairs. He said, " We don't know,nor member of this indUfinence ceases at once. There has been aof theAus-at Basle, threatens aomstlmas to overleap all boucds. There Ig a great deal of wild talk about-k^. ^^'Mi'inmairOA iifyi>-^' e'Si^P; ^-**?Press sad the—capabilities, potentialities, thst which, at sataetime, fiuiy do, think, believe, bat has, in itself, an knowledge, and nothing that can be called a Icase ef te in the lowlands of Frsace, aadretire again into taeir moontala fastnesses. Ths" " is nothing mors 1 believe than thOj^^ amsa lormmir tjhep caliecndaar buy whuichu iut 1Jura frontier of France the aad King Popeopen. — Thus much must be conceded to them, however :the people of the loutheastem cantons cordially hateters aad tklBg. atgladafraif^of FsABE Josara, or take poasession of it himself.To return to Sardinia. Another subject of generaltiue— There is a spirit tn vuin ; iti* tike mipiiiiliamof thethe BmiUa. The newly emancipatedlamps vrindows.acomplets-bss m him something above the natural in their positiods niMn tha Savoy qoestton. I the highestboU. parties »'"?/?J'^^"Sfor»rt afterths of cherrle., asd applet. Of mat-the seem,THB ubitb OPwUch name they pronoBDce with an nncUan, an that is, putting ita ideas upon them—thea we Biq^:'^emphatic roUiog of the r's, and elongation of thevowels, which shows that it is yet new to them, asd say, atAi/ in scnsuquod non prius in inlelUtl*"distinction from the NominalistsMETAPHCTIM AWB "greater service to phlloaophyaad ttaAtCT* Scatoh School of KataphjO^'..«.OBpreastve tboi . above the sheer awnsatjonsllam of Lookb ^tdsufficiently deiiaed, however,Utenry world.of this.oat of'and since that time the intellect wUch was not previously iadto,knowledgeSTpnriMfa.phors, or must we^regard thising with it something of the etemU light soawof the troth that is from We glimpse everisstingrb andJohni;we Genesis interpretaa itit has not only been lectirved, bat evenHAXitToa, and, strangemay halM..i'^itr^»,iii-.-^ -'; .f^1  