 THE NEW YORK HERALDWHOLE NO. 8835.MORNINGEDITION-FRIDA Y ,NOVEMBER 16,I860.PRICE TWO CENTS.IBf r tvhlilwH MiA C»llinTHE FEELING I S CHAEUBTON. OaaBaaaaaa, SOT. 14, ls6t»•a MM iHtrea«, horror oamwatoa aad fedtag milled to Mmmeeting, wb aadors-d tbe asase, giving bisby a party wbo entertain tbe most' deadly ho» lillty toward.i them aad Mie iastltottoa of tiavery. Tney me loyal aad Brue to MMTaioBj but aever will coaacat toa desrsded sad diatomored member o- it."TEE POSITION OF FLORIDA.NOT. li.isao.A taagatab teeatlwi at Charleston from UMGovernor of Florida states Matt Florida goes with South CarolinaTHE REPORTS FROM WASHINGTON. Waawsatnoa, Her. IS, 1960.The re H decidedly a better feeling to day about the, probable political result of the commotions in MM cotton States The safety valves of eatireiy unrestricted discus sion being all open, there ia felt to be lest danger of a sudden explosion. Tbe invention of South Carolina, net meeting before MM17th of December, may find its me- naced proceedings rendered uaneotabtry by a declaration from Mr. Lincoln himaelf previous to that day.At any rate, MM President S annual message will betransmuted to Con press even before the lay of UMetos-UOBof delegates to the Convention, and no well Informedperson ta Washington doubts tbat ita general spirit sadspecific recommendations wili be fitted to calm the stormof discontent, to allay passion, to recall secce-Monism to reflection, aad to unite MM -itisensoT all parts of Uie confederacy once more at a band ofbrttiteis. Time H a great maUifier, aad before the 1st ofJanuary. 1861— the day fixed for the secession of SoutttCarolina ta any event—I BOW venture to predict tbatevery other etaveholding State will have resolved to warttor Mr. LtacohVs inaugural and tbe appointment of hia paign. tbat If he (Mr. Lincoln) was etectod armed Cabinet. bandswereformedtaMMNorthtogodowntheresadFrom those sbtvebolding States come maay powerful liberate the staves,sad tbe meat that be feared was, tbat arguments, by tome of MMablett constitutional lawyers an tasarreettoaary movement among tbe slaves would and political writers of that section, demonstrating that result from their own teachings«f btCoxxmbia.On saotlaB of Mr. E A. Wn rax, all the city papers were requested to pubflah the proesedtagB of MtH asaMaag.Col A. H. CBAFFSLX, of Cotamiaa, being present, was toudly aaUed for, aaneadel tbe stand amid great applause. and addressed Mm meeting in a speech cbaraotoriaed by esaineBtly aouad aad statesman like views, and which was receive a with ovary JemnBStration of sstistaction by Uie meetlae. Tbe meeting then aij mrsed tint dieAll this betokens an earnestnots tad decHden, and an excitement in oar people, which it wiU be to vain for any Mting to soothe short of Mm incontinent resignation ofThere at a stroaifor MMbitter spiritsgataat MM known wtahes of Mr Lincoln.Aactaer trwaaeadeae aaaaaaaaaaai t»ak pane to night anaaaaajOa mat. M sf ROTT A STCIH,Enq , the Ci*>- waa "e-M webMaaa tba rhai ha* iTmtrr'Ufr H^U.,iteateo to appotst a oanimittee of el^vea to report busi- ness for the meeting, «trr«cp?n tbe fo£owt&g .oatl«n J were appointed that eommittee.--Boben A Skatth, gsq ; Ool, S a c . T. Bai «v. Lew i N Whittle, San ; Col Jam B. Lamar. Dr Joe B. BrashUB. Chas J.asms, Vm\: Dr. Ej L Strobeek^ J. H. °- Waabmg^n. Tbaraton R Hiaam, Dr. J. Mercer Greea, Dr.attracttTc place- oa MMglobe. Mr. Lincoln HIwtth an' immense correstMBdeacs. About fifty ef aH tet- ters to day soUetted aatograpbe.ft.Mr. Lincoln talks freely wtta everyhaving sometbtag pleasant to say tobeen urged to announce hH policy ta advance of his a anguraticn. He. however, positively declines, aa be asm declines tadioatiag to say one wbo will compose hH Cabinet. He said to day that some ef MMpotiuciana of Mte South bad falsely announced, during tba recent earni lagsnisii BBBBBBBMV an.! cioaaM aaaaajaj bibystreets from which none but Pabnetto nags wlli erer ware.Tbe feveramaat omctaH ail oyer tbe State eonttaue enwdiBg ia their retPABADE OF afHTUTE MEN AT COLUMBIA COLCXBU, 3 C , SOT. IS, 1M0ties, and were in the trtaty of peace so rccogniiel Bytbe . -r •— :ir* he treated with them by namo, as thirteen younger for their own use, and siacghter Uie men as theydtotuet sovereign I'owere. Tbsae Powers or separate returned from tbe polls unconscious of dapger.naiiou^conldderatodiana united by treaty sad ailiaaee fort&cir mutual defence, oaccedf.ng to each other as a wholecertain specified powers, bu-. never surrendering the oneto the other, or one part to tbe other part of the coaie-tieracy. their soveietgaty, nesee the ooastiMted Uaitsdstates, • .r tavereign eoafe-Jcrated Powers, aad of cooraeabsolute « ,saia wlthcat regard to sine or popaiatioa. the governmentwhichtheyfoamedfortbeconfederacywasnexttrain,escapist;forMuttpurpose,itbeinghisdesignceiseat.wouldconsJJHctethefocusofdisucioo,Tnorpolitical,areexpectedtonoticeauthoritativelytentotwelveA.MslidfromtwittofourP.M.torub>Mft South Caraltea; Oat be waa oat of tbe Union, baring resigned Dlaioed tbe object of tbe request Mi teat m fragrtm Tbe newt was received wltba at hall'paat tevea o'clock P. Uaotv' res and reokets are sow bJaxing outside tbe bail. The pMCtiug eoaveaei! pursuaat to aOiourasamt, aaMMwhole body of MM people. What it will be, let MMmotives ladnciag it are, let MM followiag tacts show —1B man of every shade of opinion on the great issueIbe hulltery Oamuiltbaea tow sitting In Columbia, dor- Bon Wataskfjam Poe u« tho chair.ag tbe reoaae. are aaderatood to be adopttag tba meat The report of the Casmnltcee en Buataesk betag nailed eaargettc mmsures to ana tbe State to tbe taetb. for, they submitted, through Robert A. Smith, Chatrmaa,LeiaslTsaequal to present or aay faturs emergency, aad wiU eeaaaat to affiliate wtth or submit to be'.tarty thai upon it.ttdoae.bba* repabUaan party thankmight in a few 'ia MM purchaat oftbe use of MM TOtuntoert MMTB.chasing revolving piatoH, and r^aeMsmg wlMtoutly Tbe wthwlatta ssotj aama H Htaaatalien in stock, or wheat, or cotton, or tobacco, iSBorer once Utougbt of. It Hs struggto for constitutional rght, aad Uits right shall be vtodlcated if MM heaveoa tbould fau,William D. Totty wiU Be executed ban to Btorrow. tar tbe murder of his sitter m Hw, Catherlae J. Thorn. Be shot her while she was sitting at her father*3 table, ta a fit of jealousy, because she refused to elope with him.Oat KICBMOITD (ttMaaewtntiawei. RicBMOko, V a, MOT 11,1560.IBe BoaOern Traitors aad tbe HeroW— WTuU JUaoota'sEkctim tom Dtveloptm the South—More than One Oold tosBLivelytoThrnUp—Ztoapbutoab«aTJbasrsef "Old Abe" for His friertdt—J Grand gbrbaatape in Prospea 4e-I perceive that my statements to the HXRAUI referrlsgbedim the heaTWavef oar W m i eoua- That otr people are thoroughly aiwaaed,ead thtt Uiepublic BUBd of tbe «attb ia ***** m to Btreraaee a—a agenetai government whieh te tommittod to a osa ruction j to aL the tourasset oar aatiuBeJ prosperity, let tbe foi-towtag (acta convine* you.In ill our lowaa sad cities are being organized bodies ofMinute Hen, .vhoae duties aad atans j o a will fin i l a tfte resolutions below. I herewith traossatt to y e a toe pro- ceedings of a masting of tbe cttizoa* of Macon, Ga :—At a meetiag of tbe cinzaas of Macon, bei l Novampa jfotic manner,The preamble waa then adopted iinnmmonsty by a risingvote ani an. Jat deafening applause Each resolution taken ap aad similarly adopted. Pending MMiet Mmef Hiwill be guldeitabast,•scare ocr paUttcal andelectee ofLfitted mHon WaaHtegton PoeR Hiil ao<i Jotiaa 3ai awfpito taviewo: tbe i tbe Freestonev of tbeaaMr. taasaaasaB lm Spstsattfletd. ritEBnavrf a x a r r AND THB SSCBSBJDK HOTB-of waieaate wars pitaaalalP , - I t _Yeadea, Tope, i deli'the weetuasj adjoi.rn If may sdfourn until ta-marraw Georgia, sad to appropriate money for MM same. This > of tbe yruemallaga Mayor Maeaaib, wbo evening at half past seven o'etnak; waereupau, Oil.uncut tbat there wea ae 11181881 l i ei or aVfumt atttjfaw aail ruin.The oommtttee ashed aad rtbtaiaed leave to retire, aad •luring tlsefr abeesee Mr T B; Brsnham, Jao B. BUI aad Jt ueraoa Ltmar, aenra, being called for, sddisauui tbe saretmg.Tbe cemmittec returned aad reported a resatutlon ask-T - Wa.Uay,. - ^potter and i*. ^ A Damow.!E| time TOT more mature deisberatwo. and that when lure to pre Tide for the common defence of tbe people ofread a etapslch from General Bimham, an Bailey iioecana iu an ablet aad imprerai re speech ez-bill pi opuses eae million of dollars for that pcrpos»-Ihat the 3onthcra pt^p'c hard suffered and are suiTerA H Stephene spate at Mtliedgcritte last ntgfat He •rg frern tvje Xortb wrongs too grievous to be oorae, let FBOCLAjrATTOK OF C30V, I ETCHER— THE LEGISVlTUBKIt has hercto'orc been silted that the subject qfBK adThe ^ret witness examjied waa Cbarlatte Erxnt, wh I totliilod that she saw the decoated oa Thursday prevtourfarereti tbe State ConTention lamaaiing of tbe States which aar« aaliified ibe FegiUTe SlaTe law to rapes; their acta, and upon incur refusal, wiidh waa cenaic, tbe: the South oanld go eat with dean hands.'wisbesebmittf".totheJukiodementofacani.dworld. AfterALe cauth bad roi^atarity surrendered to them Oie-'Vast emalra aeiaharest of .beOaio, tbey ins'sted upon ite prehonioc west of the MJSMesippi, and kept Missourioat .1 toe L'nica oMrlt they forced tbeSjatb, unwisely, toTO MIET IK .1 AST AST.fcV"HX0W NOT 15, 1S«H>A proclamation from Governor Letoher, calling an ex tra session of the Legislature, to meet on the 7th of Janntv.withtoomachtriab—thatthatmotiveisverygene rai y operaMog m the*uUi. ! .iaoota** ciettion will, m 9ut prouahiliiy. have Hie same t ifect upon some ciasaes in thu South that br i!e# pork has up-n rats It will bring them lorta from thetr secret deaa, or rather develope their trie characters'in ai their hideous deformity. It v. .11 re \ ta, the sad tfbtii tbat Ko nave more than one Al ired caidwel! in iheMJouth.Apropae of Caidwei". 1 wiil mention that he was Senator 'Mini IbCe-etUi^ tn the (aat •jgiaiate.re of i t u State i i s treachery was so palpable as to bave male bm se object of omtempt to every member 11 that .odp, and so strongly did he yearn for a crown of martvrdwa ihat be pen used in remising hi* seat in the Senate in tba teeth of MM most mat k d re u 'iatiosj by hit associates, tn Uie hope tiat i»J would be attrmatety prpeMtd. the Smwte.pearstbeitfeaisabandoned,inviewoftheearlymeeting of Congress, to whom, by the constitution, the free! lent is required to give information cf the state of the r'ni-m.bat cf a severe pain in the the it, she did not complain ..' 1 her htabaxd's illtreatiBg her- saw ber agate or Friday Mr. Absorc «ul present, aci appeared to be trying tery hear 5 him my be gave ht r a powder, aad iftcr .t , another-, after assistiBg is iyiig oat toe coresc saw au A. take a powaer aad throw it m the fire: ae said n-. dida t believe in doctor a uA'dicMei the roam ssaeii I strongly of cbloiotorm Bever boarti ttre. A aay etc wartired of lab. —kiimbwui A'ftm. st^p daashtor of deceased, urjs aexti-.'Dnii ib a compromise bV aurrendcringto them ternThe crowd called for Mr Jackson, of Savannah, *i. a terycaeugnfor twelve Siatca, and retaining to herself ary next, will be publ'shed to marrow. He gives, as oneNEW> BY THE W A Y OF BOSTON. TUB" BKkUXtt IN CHAaLESTOK—EXTUtSfON <;WOOD—T AJIPIBING WITH SL A VBF . ETC. (Tram tee Bcsten Post, Nov 15 :MU.•carp iiacamien f«dk>w:J, M.r ittoksm speaking K.-or _- tor mnteosate teoabwon.ftwc m UK feeling in Savannah that it i» hard work t >»>»! u»e pt.ipulnce irom snzing up«>n l<ir% Polaaiulfc«n.w."i'-ruE. Qau, ^OT. 15: isp» Ttc*« wae ;xMje1i«ralile iltfc*:!a«3cai la tbe Senate to-da-oc i t - motion referriag tbe milliaa approprlatf» bTerritory only esoogh tor torc*; aad yetafiter enjwintf ;ts beaeflra they oare crarl abate repudiated the oblige '.ioas Gi that coTr.praai.ise whenever it might more to tbe ocaefit of the South.Their citoena, wsthaot r«bafce aad witboat punlaiimeni roBi tiieir trthaaaH, hxif tor a h»g reries of jears .ttokn stid carried away car slaras. and when we have*siitu*tor redrew they Uavn t< p!u d wiUi mockeryTtoy have by their State; Legislatures tdlluied within .heir borders the meet tsplicit a •inct'oa of taciadersiof the reasons for this action, tbe sale o! the lames R^var aa*! Kanawha Ganal to a company of Fre&cu capitalists, which re ,aires the sanction or tn: Leglciatire ;o be ran dered perfect. Tbe next reason I ?'re tn h*s own words —'And whe*ea8, in coatenueaeii of tbe appointment of lienors a majority of wh ;« are '.nTwn to he .avra&ie to ti)*1 election of sectional cant) dates as 1'resi lent aad Vice ITesideatef iBe i olted Ststes, whose prises piss, endOn the arrival of tbe steamer South Carolina ore erf our reporMrs visited the vessel and sacseded in obtaining ancompact 04B*imA th*ia la itarrender fogltiV'.' slavea, and views are believed by a large portion or the^SoaUMru howeve, wuseiy ugeratod him in Ibeir midst, aad ^ uraia and mnsitksai :o th; r.nnace '.'oas/.te*' Zm tbeur courts have ?uauiti»; such cwoiiBiilntLonai laws. States 10 be to direct hoatilit,- to their ccnsiiutiona te lest tae coveted gjfery. He will BOW, in all probatiiii %<R frjTklea ihat the money be *ut>.-*54 u> the ««••« •• Their attiasas nave csiioimly moboed,ioaareate<l. and igbts and interests, and In or.Jsequence thereof gr*a* tv, •- it-ire the reward of nla treachery in some sabot ai. death: I ...oar.-. ncAhisg satd a*>-"ui asms brandy * to a rx ealiar last: which he aemiabtcre to mataer when i iatt ber at ngr.s she seemed 10 be m the greamat pain.the Guveroer. Una; Senators eb,ieeted u pUe.nf th m seven, iasaMcce pot to feats, Southern citizens when escitemeat prevails m the public mind.aad nr-dence re Date foreign a i-siou, to whieh it ts said he na« aspires. #aej.ing to reuii'iri tht:r I^at or^ktolot propartT within omrss that the representatives oi the peop'e of th' It >s from sueh » souse* as tB» that these assurances of ew^ira and ibe i-arae :a utm aamj hiadsy>ahti& u± \>t • their J«--a :c • ue. ar,- in su k.£taac«' have tin* wrusg doers tommonwesith should take into ooasideration the ewu aco/iieseesaw a£d tuaauiMian IAI MM part of the eoutu.' s o that £he funkl act sit npatoee; motttar wa>? outof be : TBL.;,- *u> she gtt up then witttoot asetetaacepawd refefeace failed. Ihe bill w:li prrw»sd :u reg" I ••• been tried •» psniaacJ. tis t-w.tr trib• .«!*dit en cf public aftairs. and det, rrnmr cito-ay and WIK wbscb Aid the't way Into otackrepublican;ournaH, ema-ly » hat action w necessary ta tots emerx«.,cy—1, Joli-i Letcber, GoTeraor, by virtue of tae aothortty aforeisaia,' Ac . .vs.la the afternoon tbe cvidercs proeeeOed. It waa an important, t.ioept as to coauntiding tbe ser;snt gh-i Julias i -• meay. £dwaro to.iiy. a boy, sworetoatbe1arii - and wil: patsBleb* eitaune bave a a*.-sera! innaaces come within thesave&oid:ng$tak:3and!stolen and carriedawayour abtves and their Gov* mora; have refused to surrender on lemanu the :.iomr as iugjttives from iQStiee, on tbe ground that it tsm. be n«i crime to steal a staveaate lhose WT. weald fam pass censure upon the Usa»u> Tor its noi« c advocacy of tbt constitoticnal righ's oftbe South are the prototypes oi this notorious lndividaaiNo oce. BOSouthera saan, uho is animated b; a patriotic?eal tor the honor and welfare of bis section, could hefound to utter a worfi in disparagement or the motives ofthat gi est journal (to the contrary, the highest meedof praise >s awarded'tO -t by cvrry man who is capableof aoBreesttirv drsmbresto'd service, and whose goodop.nioc is awiu bbviux. Aje, indeed ao purposeoistc^slca estertamed si the South There is not a maa,woman er child .tr.uMi of Mason and Dixcn's line capableof ueuer8tandii)«oriisoernmeat who does not know tothe contrary >over was an event more certain of oocurrence. Seccsslen is deemed essential now, if only tcsecure Scutoeru ritfeto wiMtio the Uaion, if by auose knowing it the twe were overheard by some Southernbaa seen Mr. Abeom and Jul a aaverai t'iwhich sir tc ber testimony nan elected Mr. Eman also contraatetad ber testimea? aa to bar ,-»sttt to Jersey City She had sworn that she newer rabies there from New York eftener tbaa aaee a mask, emiefe Mr J. coBtra.itetE. by saytag she wewm ttMbabttlately of ceming intebH pra-.-e ior oyatsrs.aa intoA Mil was lntredttced scapes i .ug tbe c >'•!. euaa o" ie*w • sstil 14ti. .Laid over• »Corps of Minute Men are bemj raised m several coun- u)t. i ear-e of iteiwsa eonreioa boag ^apiayei o^a. jt; » Save, without i u f , -^..ifcr.uad tor ptrtroalzirt and ;a ties of tbe State, and some men here, more enthusiM u:A resolnlioa was ixtrudoced. jiviag pow«.*r to the. SJT«'Siaty-ijaat of tdatr >-rcniment membArs of Contrresseeceti-ai,- State, to empivv the rtTjctuU mvUiarj re.. wr:> • of wJTgi* U re*s« aneh coexciua. Ibia fUtft. i'i«a w ' paas.'Senator T.iua»be»iiT5 a pt'.*:rfj. *ccei*;-ja e4veca m* aiguiMr Bartow foils wed, or^iLg tin eau^l^>am?a. «f »etHirascd the pabMeattos aad the circrrlalapcf abook tba! ioc-"m.nn.L'ia to the ilsves tbt* iad^riansmteaisraer of then- m.*«t£« sa<l the re taaatm;i.i a< the hirrort or •*L rampage t p a ocr wiTei t a i 'hiagbtersTbe si...t«r:-3g tile; and murderer. Jiim Brown, with bis boa 1 oi MenraiD*, tailisd to tit ot gurh a maaaacrc. aad !«jiER the fenaitj -:-f tbe :«|w wbhhia life, is canonized «aa>adatby many of ttcpicsaer. pui;>lbiaad thousandsthan tbt r feiiows, propose rafeing a carps of Second Men fae people of farmvlUe. Pratce Edward oouaty, contemplate iuvitiag Gove-nor Wis to a sacctot t. They are aexlous that heahould see the progress the. are making in taeir organizaUoa of Minute Men. and aiao to hear hisviews on the i isting stole of ai'.aa>ashore in a quiet, peaceable manner, and without inter Heie the case was adJourBcd aatil Masaax aert, armSo^jMwa cfMDtederacy with nrereigaty ia the federm of Her eiUzase, and no mark of ccnenre is branded Tbe flssMiiacr ci to day discussre the impossibility b' power, aad that all Stat*; uses be oMitera ed open lb' ti , b ,1 ratbej" approbation and lEcrcasad patronquect aegotiatir-os Urn Union can agate be perfected, of geatiemea, who occupied scats just behind Uie Northern- wbich many ctfisersaaive men have an abidicg hope, ia ers. Tie Southern gentlemen reported what they badSa t Mcf- -lusw Party Caarpei uiA tht Btome—Fr e.iM/t oftki Jtocen CitKms*-Mi>ms Men—G-mySale i qfuimtKrt—Speciai Atejuoe *a Hmt'ktm Rete-i)«<t»—SOI fir Ibfiptce-- Slave Imw-redios—TV T« T t i j have - fzptBcd our ettiasaa from tlttimmast pope•wtui fktg Tiken Dmm, M.. purpose giving pee a abort account of public feeac- here. «.mr Siabt, a* JOB amy be .aware, is a a ptrfeci potttjoai faraeaat, amaatd tip tba overwheiaiiag majorities given to Abrabsm Lincmn in lbs anu atavery Stales, asiKaring us that by b» etection tbe Nortb baa datcrmiu- :the South LegiECiag to be Mi b; Uz mmkiag mac of MM destrry it. We must have power to protect it. We do resit upontorn,and it will" need out little to confirm it penscs and treated him m tbe meet cortoous manner, he them, ti e better tor tbem*t-lvf= asd for thair fa Usee.•ervaaie who mav be in aUieciatice a: -r. their tick tami-twa. »ii IJ-1 ittaeaa from-ibe Saxlb anuaaMy travel j m tbat it is not coBsiatent to live under a.gorernmi^nt ihrecgi'ittaieaaicfccthe4»«tt,acmr-testad,withwhat wtociiwiil not protect our property and will act t» eve- rciTasta they may prefer.toreturnas speedily as possible to Boston. Mr. W. didCL & ekrrotwt ma I*"(J .ffse.arei tor wieir communion. Tbey aav« crowm.,; their bmg tcries of insalt andequivalent is in UnTpusie ratio Mse Judge will have It m Captaa: tiaxter that juai before hts arrival at the place1 torn pceasl'-n to say. tureufh the eoluwss of ttv Ban*- to Use wcrkmg nseo ef New York s a l other ci tic wt t would be the eonse^i -nee of their g>mg to tbe reite UL-Hr tlai barnem of any pehticsi party: bat ttteae conarqecnees baT-anw Bur?ua»eri my worst aaticipstlnas.t i c pax.... s aaeadf apoa us, ar I our mipicyert are ae-•a Zastea aooa as a lattfffii1 niisnia.tibT>liifin awaab H to ttk-so ssgrcrewtt and t a « s|r»wpt and efioctnal BMasarts ui which uoth lections will is- aubjeit to heavy and r dn- stand that er^ry eillrt wit! be made to procure copies of?i nt " In conclaakn. Captain Easter tali he was ».am ' ' t*sT sn- tor if tbV state of things Hats iLi. n that South Carolina would evectuaify secylo, but tesger t. .vy wl . a have notiiiag for us to to al «ay fltaliy retern to ber afiegHawb to MMUnite! Cjnfederacy rritebeamwaaiy heaue toeur greatest and ineaapsaaabiein.'or tie prot:n:ofc <. ''ur r*A*s, ln«safure.— rus losses ia money, under a sent- of retail it-ry canflicts 1- ELselvo.. That the S«sst,jr ind representatives oithese letters If tbsy cannot tie procured, a strict watm will be kept at ti:e departmenfo after i .'acoln sesames the reins of cttlce to order, if possible, to bring Ao light the names ef umsoHUo give countenance to bis adrniais tration by seilclting olfiae at his hands.Ills, therefcrc; icpcratiTHy teeevgary. aget? trat we hare a great mats meeting V il! <leg n.tii oftLis city and have it 'isamdlately, so ssac to be lock:rg the 'oor when tbe horse at states. In MtH meetmg we eculd express the real fedtag of MMmiddk aad wcikiag cissMs of the berth, tree Gram -MtttJcai re- rtrsint Me could tot our Soethern friends tee tbat weare Bed to l* rated by the toacltngs of a parcel of North emtaaatitS:whether tbey try it through a portion af tbe rrcss or aLelher U emanates from their political naliKXt, as has lately bean MMease. r-*—Let us, therefore, hare s meeting ai ones. Who win set the ball rolltag? p. KNo.. U,law3.-. AU-U. ueteresta With thai view of tba ease, ani D : te<-scanty aflEto < • r(mao)sled,ai the oariieit jossible by statutes, all directly triHrtous, if not ruinous, to pri- atdarmg bat Verbatra Statas aad law elect ftastdatt, not ialarodaee into toe; Legislature of Georgia a bill vate fort act,"oaiy wasily aatiaiarery bat wlamaty awbwaawbt to an t ttw s'.xedy can -f a ^odrogttos ot tbe people of tbe Tbe Jfeoasrer of to-day, i»an article evidently writtenT b e V ote for F .lectors lm S t w -»« Thettjtalvote for electors was as follows:--r*' ovapaaawbas ami ail ' agabwS bar f~-**of aUwery, a aaailat which bmds bHatf to extormmate o-: r^bi tenor Have prcperty whmb rtfbtwearsde termiasdii aawataia. we eaaaot be otbarwHe than ex cited;^w awambaaji * l^sjaawagj^ HaM. vJadaa^EawsXava* ^ ^aPvawa^Kaaa aawaa* asawaasasV avAaaVtand psbraattc grnsaaa aerasthm will be gcldad by wbv iratam, aad what aba doat may V wblcfcwtttbs taaaa by tbe satire hform paa—nawbl of the: *b It amp appear to yes., hagBell aad Oaogiasmca wbUs martwaitbe'Cabm they atrarofar Hwwba tWJnariag reraiatwr* for to* apaointmert of'"'" ;v,' sad for the organisation of "T* 1 Bcaahrta, That we wil! appoint bys of aa'str." to coasHt of six persons for district of Bibb ceoasy. a majority ofeach dsntriei may aa. Tbey sasU i of *»albse m our aafrtf ,aad "I a body of "Miaate l e a , "iaalitatio".alter mush deliberation, discusses very fully MMprstentstate of a Airs, and ihe prcspeets which it foreshadows.IE refers to what it calls tbe " Politico ranatioism of theBorth, and the efforts of MMpoliticians to foster and nsefor their own advancement MM growing tenttmanbof ia-tolerance agaiist MMdomestic institutions of MM South,"aad then details, in a comprehensive form, MM eriHwrought by these influences among which are the con-stant agitation of MM alarery question—the denial of aright to bold stoves ia MMTerritories—the abolition oftiavery in MM DMtrict of Coiumbia—MM attempt to light MtH, aad practise tbe toleration aad indifference whichtbe torch ef •errito insurrfction—MM extiruetion of bare happily kept that church free from MM disturbing Thes N MeCarter.•••*•»«• Wm K. McDonaitiStale to take: sitl. art tori s*d devise such measures as » ul prcteet lbew«*iTct ^nd ftmllies from <mpeadm • r»iAt the clssc or a two weeks mission in the Catholic ca the fral ia tbis cty to night, given by tbe "BedemptioaHt Fathers," BMkop MaBiU ta a brief address of thanks tc the missioaerttc, regarred to the great need of religion at the ociy means of elsvating man above his natural condi- 1MB, and direct ingbbn to the attainment oi Mte super- natural gifta in view of which he was created. In this connection he referred eloquently and with much feeling to tbe threatened dhunembermeat of this, tbe freest aad happiest government on earth, sad tbat, too, upoa a moral question which, if adjusted in MMlight of Catholic faith, would have aaseed to operate MMeviia BOWim- pending it were wall MM country would take exampletaflaeneet of Matt vexed qaaslioa Joba S. Darey, Brecsaaridge, had aai.ausoi .82 3ST d3.369 .38.21057A5ci3. Lbauived, Tt.it aK.rSe,ca*Br and rvtirefentatirei be sassHsedto -Etrodcto acd aaapm a l"t!l' for the pro- oavitg c-f a nificiciacv cf gwki arms tn everv atale citisen tawjitlb SBil'Stry duty.3 Resolved, That we recommend to oar fellow citizens of (ssorsis it every oo Jit} fo proceed at aaoe to organize sad arm themselves aa wcpi as thev raay be able for aheir rreaoatiea against iwjiio^iog daaters..i W. ScndderThe scatteriag votes are as follows:—faausMf. ssMlsy, . l.jbert A sauth, Cbartos X Harris, Lea* SL aTbltUa,' -ti. E. Lama- 1, E. Blood,Joel R Brasbaat. I Klward L "J U. B.Jataea Hercer tirsan; , James A. Dataoar,Moses WtUs > Joseph Yltetf-«« .lohn T. WoodhuU. Peter L ClarkCaptain Lee, of tbe I anted slams Mary, ta etopevag at Uie New York Hotel.G. A Stanley, of Oeveiard. •.'tie James T. "roeae aad wife, of Bbede Htend H Kemp, George Tburbae sad MCoaa_.Aad yoweomasittat rvnoaaawnd tbe adoption of theHouse.Hoe J V L. Prnya, af Albany: B> taaalta. of waaa>tbe n ad, son that tbe vote be takeneachiretoiitloBseparately, which tbe report was again read. Tbeprevailed, and tubmaaeloqueatiOsprseiof Alabama do in MM tatpeaitag ericH? of tbe future by MMpast, I believe Maty willthe resotutioss sa psaaail, Uie Hon. Taos HAKDI made a few eloquent reeaaras, coasarrtag therein., Jr.Or. J. Mams* abata*, tbe Abrabsm Lincoln as ' 'resident elect, and tbe election of to tbe secession movements ta MM Souttt have bees im" to tba etaair, and «*t:to a:t at Douglas, or Bell or Crittenden, or same other national pugned by parties writing from MtH city, Washington aadBalUmore, to black republican jom-nato in the North. TbeTHKMSHT8 ATTHk SOCTB—THE TXMW CABOfaT—QtCaaUaB o r TBBBBBBBV- HB. LiaeoLx's coaaksroKDKxcs—Mr Po«, on taking tbe ebair, made a tew iatrodocViry Our State Legislature baa just convened, aad our Giver issue between these parties tad myself is ta a greatHIS DAILT UtVaSkj HbM. UM90UI AJID sTSBt VhuT* IMC—WHO ABB TO FBaaMXtl AT THB WHITELTC., ETC*a ae to the object of Mas meeting, argias tba ae j of the txadae of camaeassad delibarattan, but advising Srmnias aad determtnattao a the actioa of tbenor has traaamitted to it his naval message, which I berem send TOO. TOU will and that it gives evidences of grsat proepertty ia our State. Besides this Governor Brown sent a special message to the Assembly in relation to our federal relations Yon will perceive tbat be takes high SoaMwrc ground, though csunseUiag careful and considerate actionNow, be it known that (Joveraor Brown is a humble, pious Christian, aad far from belonging to the Young America school. Tbe troth H, ths Sratti is act only ripe for action, but she is really taking her iestnie Into her awn hands. ae a proof of which I will inform you that a bill has been already introduced into oar Legtslameasure one of political acumen which time alone esa de- cide, aad, an far as I asm concerned, I trust sincerely my predictions map prove false. My predilections must not be permitted to control me in MM diacbarge of my duty to MMBaaALD, and weak I to yield to them I would be led to perpetrate as greet a falsiaoatioa of facta aa man was erer guilty of. I venture MM assertion tha. no man in MMSouth who values bis reputation for political fore sight or sagacity will stake than upon Mm negative in this issue. I of course except the office seekers, for it is palpably their ntoreat to misrepresent MMtrue state of feeling ia the South, and manunteture a pabltc opinion in accordance with the wishes of thstr beMbtotor in ex- pectancy There ts ae*, I venture to aay, at this mosaeat a man south of Mason and Dixon's line, uncontrolled by Uie Influences of some prospective gato at Uie bands of Lincoln, wbo H not convincedSrsxsenaxs, New. 16. Tbe republican Mecca H at pseaaat eae of tbeA convention will aooa be called, and Georgia will ieTbe meeting oa motion adjoaroad to meet on Thursday eide aatboritatively Tor herself, what coarse she will pur that secession of taree or more Southern StalesTBrR-iuT—.7.30 P.M.me, and tbat decision will be adopted nnaairaoutly byH inevitable. Not one. Tbe South regards herself asMM right of icceatlou eaaaot be recaguiiisd without dan- ger to Uie very principles on whieh Mte eeceders would establish a Southern confederacy with any hope of suc- cess or permaaeace.It H settled that ao Cabinet officer wttl be taker, tram .Lis State, as ta that event many of tae lesser light* tsud tot consistently he re warded. It is understood that Mr. LiBColn will acquiesce ta this policy, aa I tedleated in my despatch in Sunday's **•""*»reduced to a choice bstsroon two dreadful, alternatives— nnusua'ry Isrgo concourse of ettiaens presen;, and the documents I have sent you declare; and what some of MM secession or dishoaor, disgrscs and degradation. Everynow pending, admits this fact; aad no one. North or South, is at a Joes'to jadge which alternative theSjuth will choose. I feel assarei that tae great impediment, perbaps the greatest impediment, to a peaceful aciui e a c e n c e i n i . m c o x ' s c l e c t i c a b y U i e S o u t t t , H t h i s p i i n t o f honor For years they have been threatening eecesum upon a series of i nillitSjiiiri is which have happened—Uie aoDltshmeni of the slave trale in the District of Coium b:a. «c —bat ina*mueb us these grievances were net suf flctentry aggravated to secure anything like union for secession, even m Alabama the project was a.iandoneA. F.r five years past the election >i a bit k republican President was pointed to as the Issue wai :b. by ciimmoa• of •eeaaaloa. A mealing was afterwarda government.tor their popolstiona, when majorities ruled State, the two latter being in Augusta. Farluoately the threats which sb hag tc: the caurage to execute. Maaytbef©!»siag report :~Ibe LagMbtture on tbe tret day of tbe regular aeaaioc saaeetsjawd thineen dtsiea a' the United States were sixty of whom, asm, are imprisoned, baring confessedThe most amnzing thing to Mte republicans of Bitaois is Mte worse then Gaxrteonian radiaaUsm of Joan feat worth, wbo daily insists upon burdeatag Mr. Lincoln w i t h h i s i n t e m p e r a t e s a d i m p o l i t i c n o t i o n s a b o u t s l a v e r y Tbey do not reflect tbe cceservaiiTe ideas c * the repubi: cam; of tbe state, sad greatly anger Mr. Lincoln, wbo docs not hesitate to express hH disapprobation cf them.wtH ananiawaaly paaa t i e b Jto reported. i rgantzed out of the thirteen distinct and separate colo- Tbe prmcipel ;abbas SMrcbaata to day ratted an im nies of (irest Britain, whoHr separste and independent o f e a c L o t h e r , a n d w b e a t h e * a r p a r a t m f r o m t b e m o t h e rthat they were incited by tbe above meatiaaed men tor i s e o a MM d a y o f e l e c t i o n , w h e n a l l Mm m e n w a r e a b - mesee liberty pole at tbe comer of Hayne and Heating cocntry Ibey did it ae separate oelederated coamxni- sent at MM polls, murder the oil women, retain the*x hundred Miauto Men. with tbe military and firei ant bare Hat night ma grand torchlight pro- only thesr agent to protect weak communities, ant a to run her and her sou sad dasgbtor off to a Northern South has been tangled for jeart wiMi uttering silly-what is mid about then?, the. woub: have little else to receptiisia.do. Men of character ought to trust to tba toaorof Uieir Mrs Lmcclc. also, has many callers She dues no, ap-bete, at which Speaker Orr made a speech, aspraalw? *e~ eeaaioa. He wea tallowed by Mr. Keitt and others.Tbe Same Fair is piatieeiiug satisfactorily.THE E^CTTffllflTiT SPREADING I B OEOBtilA.hUcox, HOT. lo. 1S88- Tb* Saaate baa famed, aiao mmaunowsty. tba hill ap; one million at dattars, at tbe diacre tion of tbe r, for tba itaftaim of the State.tor bad ,t been so, tbe sis largest States would now be ea-titbd to govern ait the rest, for teese have s greater no despatch was delivered to the woman's master, aad thus pTuaiicu than all the baiaaoe naitcd These aovereigaa tbe plot waa defeated.were camp-wed soiety of white earn, and they formedS'jveroaifftiBionlyforwhitemen.Uvea and MM sentiments and the testimony of t joee to v.bom they are personally know aAilthenewsfromNorthCATAaaslowsthaiStatott sot ready far secession,pear to realize that the has been elected to pr aide at the White House the next tour years • out by MM easy grace and dignity with which she receives Mime wbo call upen her dally, she ibows that aba possesses MM ae cessary quallaoattons to assume the higher duttat of MM President's wife at Wash ngtoa Her slater, Mrsl^adu were cameru-as .amatigB.t them ail. be. war* everywhere r«gBrte4 not only as servile aaaassbaasaa, »»ot is? ehattei property, and warasaree^geiaaday she ntwsci**!andeachofthe goalsanslne,aadantreatedas foomi< litres of OBaamerae m MM oonsktutioa of tbe em federacy acd in air*treAties between them aad foreign Powers. But stave labiir aocn proving uaproaiable in tbe inborp'u.k.c climate ot° the Norti, the aatvos were trans fbrrod uith'r Smth. aad fiaverp was prebib'ted by tberevolutionary appeals and statements of that porvnn of ear Catoe which beg* «HI net to leave them, aad uses great swelling words of the glory and honor <* our mighty ooafederacytbe has mm taktn hat stand, resolved to subject herself no ute»<> to the il'T-aMu or the world If l&ero was ui other ise*nUTe to mc-aaaKSi than MMcomproasse ofAtetterfrom a strong cotton bouse in Ciariestoti saystbat there is really ao nanimity even m -rathCarolinafor teoeESien The businessmen an artisans and me- Mir is Edwards, of this city, an educated acd acoomTbe Joint Coamittoe in tbe State of the Beiiubhc agree:aaaa.mousiy to report a bill for calling a convention of •wau-o North, Acd co seuBcr was this doi;.u than "these bevexpected of a great and high minded people tint they biLcr. I bad tb<- verf best auUtori'.y for ail I saved, and ike i eople. with a preamble recommending resistance tbates commtnoe'l. aad bs^e eoatiaued their aggresiiont i m:t to a rule which threatens the overthrow ef oor in tweseque) will indb* e its antht atieity. Secession IIt ia anttermood that GOT. Brown. A. H. Stapbena, B V Jonaaon, liaton Stepbeaa, T. R. Cobb, and all other taadug men. have endorsed Uie bill, and that it wiU pass laaa.BMaaiy. XV iegdaatora aider somewhat on the awde of reabanacc, but the teamedtatw aeeeasioa owe bare a laree m» or tyupon tho Siatea farther S'tnth; aad thwghey lid, svow- edry, to iosKs t£o roi'ttca! power •"i' the gjutb. and en Ban* •-• i.ioir *WE Ihis was ba!:.i<y proiaimed by their great .ttavtr, Braitar Huiisivlng, upon the iiooroftnc Bci.at,> Th<; Eiea of teat 'lay wore too magnanimous and maniy to coccea! Mwar :i»'lgBS under tac hypocriticai nor tie ei yUiJanlnrcpy.si ..uiions, tbe murder of our families, the v.oiatwc of oar moiiiers and sisters, and tbe complete vassalage of our CBtiru cemmustty*The above 1 send to you to exhibit the state of ex element here, aad some of Its causes, ana the oursc being taken by our people.repciu sow to loevttabl"—id' what aumber of Suites time a'ooe c ii <teb>rwi;Be Tie most «smt« pt...tic*ns here r> t the BWrnUer atflvfj,and rome of tnom with wham I omversed 'ipoa tac agbH-ct b«sed mat estimate upon pri- vate usft»r»atiw». rslltt "?i frjm sources^ the highest resptni abilityCrawford county,of our State, are two abolition emis aeriestojailforincitinganinsurrectionamongourslaves.Tbe intimation in a New York Seward paper, that Mr. Buchanan -desire:- to evade btt duties'' at this crisis, only shows tbe malignant mendacity of MMwriter, aad H aa audacious denial of the oonfioesce which soaserva lives, North tad Souttt, place in Mte cimprebensive tatel- iigence, aolid tease, wisdom and patriousm of MM Presi dent. Tbe Lincoln men rely on Mr. Buchanan to sa e them from MM consequences of tbe conflict whith they have pro robed.One of tbe negroes betrayed the inUraai plot, and pre vented its execution.Mr. I.acota has so many" callers that hecontinuet to A good deal of ridicule is throwa apon Mr. C--.-win's receive them in Uie Executive fJbamber oi the StateA white man in Augusta telegraphed to a negro woman of this city to meet her daughtor 1 a Augusta by theauthorized disclaimer of MMviews attributed to Uim by irresponsible scribblers. If men of say mark, socialHoosc. and -n order to obtain time te attend to his cw respandtnee he has been obliged to fix MM boors of fromoi her own pec tee in attor shame and cbagrte, have oiteartdtouied ber blaster sjains dpr-i '*r-.« nitid, until, gmded tedbythosewhoireus'ueucedbyabohtloaaadattost,totesperavonbythetaactsoffriesds%\deaemtes,What are we to do when such acts as these are commitIs it a wonder that the national ilag should be taken imeor which »<iainipe n would involve, u would beeaou£bHut my •tatement»|r» tbeBesiM* have been based up'adown from our Custom Houss tn Savannah, and our oM colonial nag hoisted ia its place I* it a wonder Matt oar federal officers should resign, wheu they behold Mia insf lieiency of the general govcrnmeni' And. anally, can itcbaaies, sad all tbe profesf-onal ciarscs, are decile.! y op posed to secession, and did not wiab Soattt < arohna '• to thro« tbe tea overboard," as sac has done.It seems that Sen nor Hammond's resignation is imne diate, a letter having been received here dirtctint his personal effects to be forthwith sent to South CarolinaThe Collector at Beaufort has oiliiially ladicatel bis reaiynation, being unwilling, he says, to serve uuder a republican administration.plithfd tody, and a niece, a beautiful young aiy ... eighteen, will accompany Mrs. Lmcoui to too White Hcuse, and assist her in doing the honors at tbe Preel dent's .evert.Jasaey Claw Smm». TliE AESOM rOI-HlNTre CAak.The hearing ta this case was continued yesterday or i rcre Coroner Gafaey at Communipaw.IMPORTANT FROM VIBG1NIA.age. Virginia retailing slave property within ber limttsThe leading seen of all partiw had a oaaMraaee tj-im: Ti«?y navt*rts.ven ear <-ti:^«ak by bind aesAmias, with otherwise than by a untcn witb the other Soethern States any event, if bet te redeem So ithern honor, waxn Urn heard to Uie Vigilance Committee. Tbe latter iorth-u i onsnuaatmty agreed to a State Guavemiaa. I^ay r* ^hirp'-s rider, out ol ear damMen territory, purebased It shows that private intorests make men dread to make been over and ever again pledged to Uie consummation of with -iet about to investigate the matter TheyCMnmead realstaaee the time and aixtc to W settced u. the Cca -SBtlon. Good fociiag pTevaile/'oru HAcat* oaataroKDkNai,lUrsos, Ga., Nov s, iStoiwrtadaptt;". tc afave bsbor, jrbaa'U s uotor'.ous that such perty, and iU indaCicnt employment atire will hurry r,ascertained tbe whereabouts of M- Weed aadsoon vutittd b'ui. Mr. Wood was asked by Mtecommittee if he was a republican: aad, ateo. if he didtot entertain sentiments favorable to Mr. Lincoln's electieu. Mr W. hesitatta bcrare replying Tbe .ommitteeasked him again what he Utougbt of the Higher law, sadas he stiL hesitated to reply, they formed the opinionthat he was an aboMicn'st. and advised him, ss 'rends.can reconciM sucii becurs» with lis avowed hoatuity V* not remonstrate with them, but made immediate arrange North, an'! tbe ^oascr tbey t**e stops to cmiataetwith the Meed aad treasure of oar cltizcaa and Mien, to this act of seces* .e in the event of Uie election of a biaak decor, t- the wtttJti, nave pretended such territory was an effort to insure the peimanent possession of that pro republican i-'r.;;acnt, it Mill be accompluUied. Toestrongnat I mou men in tt*s section favor it, in vMw or Us tendency to necupe tbe guarantees for slave property which tbe South wilt Insist upon aa a condition of her re maining in the 1 maa-!*b*T is mt,'" -.fofltaWe In BgatM bcrdoriag on such terri- it from the State faster ihaa tbe evil decree of tory thaii HI any other una <& the L sited States.Th£j have probioitoti iL«? common hospitalities or Louis \1V. drore Huguenot labor froaa France. "All civJi-.vd £.it'.ci» :</ am tit.ibns uaveUiag' through or »:• this," i says, "must be avoided Let theI learn that Pm j.tp.iii'11 be an applicant to " ' 'id Abe'' for favors for his partisans who lihercl so zealously to his ral.cn for tunes. It is dltUcull to see Bow the Judger.%i'iaai r.rmau—&;'. rrut Dwtgla Mat Sirati^j Spoiltw»—*4ew»» JJsterstiaii'iaa «f'MaVaSAern2>--rj>i#— site.-T.thtA-Statft.by'tailugfromtcrctheirdomealk peopleof':rimaaayto!iersifterStates. Weagreewitht t desire to destroy the relet ons between the 3t»to*blackrepubiHacsm. A dissgrecaile suspicionalready mentetoreturn,andasthe -omaiittee paidJill hisexHis services? tc Latccla were indeed great, and if the did not complain of tbe course of action Mr Wood told Yoo, w remember that on tbe day before tee euect Jha power to srr.fcr larse beneflta. where be had engaged to teach school a Northern peddler arwp by puubtg eve» xa, witboot cur aid, and la eon our property, and to develop- our scheme oi industry Secession i r • -roasstioa. 1 tako t that a grand scrim bad put in the possxssioc oi a slave a quantity cf arsenie.but we will ocitc wUh yo*» and obtain power to defend*em»t 9( otr protest and ""fcReatoTsace, a man—as Prai- mage for refttra t .Hast in Mte South is in prospect. Theaci.t—«l*sr »'J& data to fbeir ^opolar regard is. his and tiviliaUioa. Such a poaition, once taken, will insure richest derclopcmaBH Tver made would oe broagbt tiThis the slave bad administered to a portion cf hts mastt rJs iamlly, causing the death of oae o* Utem Mr Woodis of cpinicc that the act of lite peddler greatly ineen».'|d•te.src<i piedgo n ,..tntaia aa " oteprouiblc eonfiict' for oar iestreetl«BIt thereftae bect'Cta our} duty. a duly which w* owe cnrsalvtB. cor awmtry land oor posterity, to arrestthe f aceabic soiation of sectional dlnlculttes It is MM only mode of a retting a dittolnliat: of tbe present eon- ifcicracy or one preceded by a long and severe straggle.light by ttie r .^I'caHec of th'r letters said to be addressed to "Old Abe4 inui the South for oiliest. They would prove s tourer cf enligbtoaaict: compared witti wbcb MM EegRth^Blae Jpoi?" wcild be nothiae I aader-the people in tbe Beighbcrbood against au NartherB citi eesBiniy rsfJBteg oor «ages var are they, as aacfe, tovalry wtMtfife hundred dollarsbaa tbe rtgbt er pesrer at aaaMe it abouldofqusesaa forWhat will MM Jitoaigent aadMerrill's ^carbiaaa.other ssst more mhSjjlBtia' gronntq loan mere prints ofby MMCatholic church. if ia no other resp*ct, at Hast taM " Cornelius Bolce. . Dani S. anderson.. \^1 John Y. Brownor MiauteMeatae very of MtH city are TOian1-^^I^'I^^^^M** ***'——l".^!..*,''..!PoUcy of Mrti the M*.wlMt Dougtes, aad i lBoth pspars pomt toembracing the princtatea by wbicb aMtxdntetortag MM.In awaaaaasal MM b»Iaa a #WlaaBBBBBBBBBBBBBnam n a w a a a w a a a a a V Iaaa? BBBUaaBAaBBnfaBBBK WW BaWaaaBBBaBaasabsaalO BSWWVBBBaV aaaaif V aaaaaT aawaU. ^f t QIt is liasossi>l. to djelnc any other motive for the misreprefHwtottons >»r tbese who uadortiUe to create theouVit-t ,;u tbat no laager oi scceetioa exists than taat op* rscnai pre.erii.fct It is sai*J—and I foar, unfortunate dress was ander executive consideration, but it now a v- to her deaib did cot hear ber complain ef say w i l i n ginter \ K-w w.th Capt. Hi ter. The captain sail Uie story t examined—] ga- o oae of the tour powders prea.r:oed bvcirculated relative to several bates of cotton bavlnr tenremoved from the steamer waa utterly without ioundatten, sad ss he had learned, It was originated in Aogtista.A gentieaau named Bio'gct, wbo went out intnv fteameras jiasEti^c- aa her last trip, aa; ,n Augusta at tbe limetbe report was put in circulation. Mr. E , bencv4Bg Utestory true, and fearing the vessel was in danger, hastendto (.hariu ton. bu *as greatly surprited on hit arrival tofind ihe city ct mparatively quiet, and MM steamer repcsAg. sa usual, in peace at one of the wharvc; of thesteamship company, h. ihe city of Char'ttton. the cap-um says, the question oi aeccsstou, or non-tcctasAin, isgenera!iy and continually agtated, it appears to eagross tbe attention cf men. wcmen, and erea children.sadpervades all clssfes of society, AS to the rcportijd "forclble expulsion " of a gcnUeman named Wood from theState, be said, " A ^eulieman named Wood went out wiUime a passenger en tbe steamer's last run to CharlestonHe went to till a situation as teacher in a school at a plaoe nights as eleven o'cle-*. bra ttobuatoa, waa BAO OX* notfardistantfromUecity Whenbearriredhewent mlaedatlength,thoughtcthmgauwwaae'sitito-Lft rea te frt... any one. He SOUB look the ears for hit final { tail) for tbe accanrmooatii n •-> tbe inrore, wbon it Hex deft >ancn, and while ii. tbe ears conversed freely witti . pested MM ebeottsaA aaalyaia srbl or presemted.his fellow passenger, Mr. Bio iget Tbe ecaversatiaa wasearned on ia a btgh tone. Mr. Wood spoke favorably oi Ds-exsT t-reai Bttsaaav —Yesterday aflen oc. the vigtthe election of Mr Lincoln, but Mr, Biodget was "IOTC re- j taut Jeiity City police made a genera; ban: of No* Versserved in the expression of hH political views. Withoutrusaers, wbc drive qutc a asBisetr by aoLcittag psataB gen st toe stcasasblt) ana nulrosa saatbma Che gentle men arreated were taken b»r«rn toe Baearder, who kadi - invitee item to ado tat each to tbe city's naaease or re mam at the public'* hospitality natr! tafd smo-iat w* fcrlbroming.>« aaa .Weetlasi a* ttee \ t or It las; Stwaa. TO TUB Bb-mm or~ TITE HIBALC.Yc r remarks' ta to-day's BBULD JB tbe catoAui. j aad interests of the workiag Shane* sre ttmaty stt' b- tbe point, ttrealyare tbe eaeetr of the exnitoarcat ataVx-uiiiaum. J. C. Horablower Andrew K Hay.. Chas. F. Eimtr .. < Edward W. Ivtat George H. Brown David Thompson,JiitieR tfi^afi' Wm. Cook ...58,315 .Toellarker.58 334 Theo. Banyan .. 5ft 341 Peter D Vroem 58 336 Atex. Wurtt 58.3*2 Edmund Brewer. 68 313 Silas Coadit.—tiavery from Kansas by massacre aad araon-MM carryiBSof anted invasion, rapine aad murder uito Virginia—Mw CALL FOB A STATE CONTENTION IN tbe above shews an oppttition majwrty amtaet black Ingteii. I». C Mr I S G. Mcbte, ef Faalia I JotMRoaeseeding daUy to BsetasMb MM rebraad of iacendBwy appeal, which createa gaaaaaal apprehensim ia many distrMta cf MMborder States, dcpraeialiag UM value ofHad as well at of personal propertyfourth* Bbabrttref the *awaa» ^taasi eaawaqBjtjmawtjjsr v a gaawayALABAMAMtswaaaawas, Ate., Nor 15, lSflO.Tbe Governor ef MM State wttl tome a tali for a state Convention to arasmbie on the 9th ol December. H* urges the people to prepare forI wad yen MMleading point* ta the tetter ef Governormat toe southfrank Mw federal gereramaat. be eoa-amtawbaaasaa of nearly ten thcueand rote*.Calendttr—Tbls Day. Srrsaas Coras—Cratxrr —Part 1—Same atparts—Short causes—No*. SO, 1117, ftfltt, fUK iT28. £871, MM 5325, xo». teto, 6443, taaa, 4627,4S98, . •614, ISIS 5810. 9886,1538, 3489,4*46, 4414, 2H§4 to*T «S- ««f. «"1 tun, 2BU, 6905 6TJ6, 63flT>gUf, 6T89. 4484.4881, 4866, 5388, 6849. 6146 5889 5989.6888«, 8181 6641 6344,6TTT 8214. 6208, Oltb^^tt^KTtLivitgstoe. of Lsvmgatoa. N Y T. Qadwaiiaaer aad fe •Uy.cfFbi^etphtaiC Amery aad wtta,atatJ. P. saawd man t:.d wilt• all of Boatoa, are stopptag at MMtrwroort•ca. John Bredhead. ef PbitadeJpbtai Major W. B Hsrky.of Hartford, taaa.; UtaV TT TflHsa, af MM United Stat:eatery: OoL A C. ftapter,ef aamatea.Texas H s Dotal, acd wife, of texati sad Jsaasa G. Moray. of Brstce, were atnsagMM arrtraH at tbe St. Nbaanae Hotel yerterday-Dr. *. J Porei, ef tbe ratted Stoats Aftsy; Mr. t. M. Earr. of Ibe Intted Bteaes Coast SBrrey: Otartoa Bag*, of St louH: Jam** Duff, of Texas L M ahttaen sad party,Untitled Document3333, ateo, 10T7. 3188 3188 23*0. 488*. 2314, 3819, 2819, 3339,2331,1870,3084 113.Lieut Baggerty. of MML'aMiiltaabwMary, I M —««r i are *toppu»g at the St. Dawta Betel.AatnbamW: rteab... *.«» Char. G.JtxCbesneyinus118UI1C9US Cenklta, all of New York, are- ttuipteg at the Laferge*Hi fail THW, aad, I tea*t,§r*BHmyiihlhmllrT-aadrmpoa- ISlimSTAT**DMTBICTCorBT.-NOS22,36to31to88.ofBrstoBWAMassey,efGeorglttadCBerntedt0 myMed,my Utattatay optaloa MM eaiy hepeaaw feter* security lorThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Cosines P s i a —Fart 1—Has 8308,3833,3338 to 336*. wife, ef Kcwtatay, a n atopptag at MM 2348 2!48 3847. 3848. 3860 2388 2388 FartS-NoS. Hetel — y1*41 716 1045,1847,1081,1069 1888.the doctor: it isstea bitter- ar . tatber ea» mother awi a very hard death: tiia she coenmeec* u '*^l~imt after to gave Ler the powder, an- e cttaued doing so aattl hsrJobatbe Seatb, www.fultonhistory.com 