 ElLieut. Stark of the Marine corps, whose treatment ofUnited States marines at PensaCola has alike excited erative organs, 6; urinary organs, 10. Classic the indignation of the public and the press, has just fied with regard to age, there were under 1 year,i1•j LOST JEWELS.—On Monday evening last one of?£T1?' _TiffanY ,& Youngs moBsengqp waa driving throuch iighth Btrcet, when a package «f jewelry valned at $1,000, felt out of the wagon. A portion of it wag picked up by an unknown boy who ran ofi with ft. The remaiander was discovered by two68^1UYLATEB.jPR0MBm0PEAKKIVAIi O^ THE OI^ASOOW.The Englishftoteon Italian Affairs. RQTOT OF THE NEAPOLITANS.THB WAB IN CHINA.13*e ictfe^ steamship Glasgow, Capt. Boekell, wfcich left "Uverpeol at 12:30 noon, on the 7|h instant, and ^fcueenstown on the 8th ins*-, arrived here Tuesdayafternoon. Her news h a s t e n mostly anticipated bythe Vaaderbih.The PalestineVonld leave Liverpool on the 8th forForttewd, m place^f the North Briton.The Africa reached Liverpool about neon -on the 5thNEW-YORK mm* w^.^^sdrt '*•<**.TRWVm, WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 21, I860.Italians. Not only is permission granted to erect achurch within the limits of the Capital to persons who counsels of Ministers and allies.could inflict on him. While the newspapers are ring-to40,52; 40to 50,27; 50 to 60, 13; 60to70,20; 70 Carolina, withdrawing that sovereignty from the pres-worship the same God as the Italians, but the English are requested toaccept as a national gift the smalTspot «tf ground required ibr the proposed project for which they desire to use it. '* G. GARIBALDI."The Code Napoleon had been promulgated at the Hatches.Letters from Naples in The Times and Daily News Sews. "What a clean cut face^—keen and powerful,state that Gavazzi bad been threatened in his ownbouse hy a crowd which assembled outside, and cried. wear the look on't. -He has not the air of a man who" death to "Gavazzi." A detachment of the National is afraid be don't lOok pious enough.. A politician ? Guard remained there during the day. Garibaldi has No, notthat; the eager, watchful, outward look, thatconfirmed certain privileges which hehad conferred on distinguishes that Glass is wanting; he has too muchFrom The Fredericksburg ( P C ) Recorder.Shall we destroy a government tnat contain so many native City of Norfolk, where his friends and relatives 4 of Scotland; 3 of France, and unknown, 3. There blesfciiigs because.it carries along with it some ills! chiefly reside. It is only just to say that Capt. West- were 49 deaths in the public institutions, of which 20 Suppose we break up the government, will slaves no'fi ern of Pensaoola is incapable of countenancing any were at Bellevue Hospital, and 7 at the Aims-House, still escape? and if we renounce the constitutionallTftnoin Centwl Shares. • i£i• — , — . .The Position of Kentucky, .From Thr Uirhnumd. Enquirer, 19^,The New-Y^rk pret« WCHIR to' be bn«ed with tha question, " Wh«i v,iJ] Lincoln do 7 " Indeed the ra- epective editors of, The Herald, T H E TRIBUWK andThe Times, nnite in favoring the idea that the fate «C the Confederaev now hang* npon what Mr. Lineoln ehauThe lower grades are harder to sell than the best, do or leave undone—?av or leave unpaid. * „* * Jfy Lincoln ifi little more tfian a cipher in the present ac-person who then held the note wrote to him, request- affaire, which was received hv the Canada, attracted AJSKRICAN SKCVRITIJUI—Sales of Illinois Central Shares at ing payment. He replied that he supposed that thenow in want, and, unless speedily relieved, must suffer. Winter is approaching, aad the settlers see their fami-, lies without food.The farmers of the Western States are making lib- eral donations of grain. We have several thousand bushels along the railroads in Illinois, Iowa, and Wis- consin. The raflrouds have agreed to transport it at less than half their usual rates. Our means for the purchase of sacks and payment of. freights are ex- hausted. .Will not our Eastern friends send us means to transport' bread to the starving? W e ask those who have materials for sacks, and those who manufacture sacks for meal and grain, to send UB immediately what they can, directed to W . F. M. Amy. No. 204 Lake street, Chicago, and marked on the package, " For Relief of Kansas." And those who have nioney to give are requested to send it to Amos A. Lawrence, Dr. S. G. Howe, or the Hon. S. E. Sewell, Boston, Mass.; to R. M. Bishop, Mayor of Cincinnati, Ohio; Calvin Fletcher, esq.,morrow. The market closes heavy, with a barge num- ber left on hand.•" LoTd John Russell's dispatch to Turin, on Italian neat-attention, and was generally regarded with satis-fcetkm by the English Press and people. The London 2*tme*t however, takes exception to it. It is said to have caused a great sensation among the diplomatic corps—so ranch so. indeed, that it was reported that, "by a common understanding, no representatives of Enropean Courts would he present: at. the annual Lord Mayor's Banquet on the 9th of November—the -cause being the manifesto in question, audits plain-•lightly higher. •'the action of the Sardinian Government. Sardinians, took refnge in the Papal States at Terra- Xe Nord makes the^dispatch the theme for a hitter cina. At Casherua their progress was arrested by thetors of the ancient amusement of chess. The club at Philadelphia has just appointed a local committee of management for the second congress of the American Chess Association, to commence its sittings in'that citythe play of Othello recited by Mr. Tasistro, at the Mer- cantile Library this evening. This gentleman's repre-imposing adequate penalties on all malefactors wha shall hereafter assist or encourage the escape of fugi- tive* slaves; pass other laws declaring ana protecting -.attack, declaring that "for the second time England •"hraves entire Europe, and imposes its imperious veto **to the desire to resolve legally and pacifically, by a^•European understanding, the great question which **agitates the world, and the true import of which"•* cannot yet he measured."The London Observer says that the reports of analliance between the Princess Alice and Prince Louis of Hesse Darmstadt are, at least, premature. The Prince, however, was soon to visit England again byinvitation* of her Majesty.The boiler of the steamer Tonning exploded duringhervoyagefromTonningtoLondon.Threeofthe crew were killed, seven others are missing, and seven -were seriously injured. l- .The Irish Brigade, on their return from Italy, met with a most enthusiastic reception at Queeastown andCork-Admiral Sir Charles Napier died at his seat in Hamp-shire onthe morning of the 6th inst"., in bis 75th year.FRANCE. "mGen. Montauban, commander of the French forces J n China, was to be created a Senator.A project w a s on foot for an excursion of English rifle volunteers to Paris. The Emperor Napoleon had approved of the project and assured the excursionists' of a hearty welcome. .„, The Paris Patrie, in aleadingarticle, insists strongly•upon the necessity of augmenting the French army in Syria, and prolonging its occupation beyond the term to which it is limited by the treaty.The markets for wheat and'flour in Paris were well maintained, and prices were firm.Accounts from the south of France state that the vintage was abundant, but that a large portion of the 'wine was of inferior quality, and would be used for-distillation.Inundations have taken place in the Department theHerault.• The accounts from the French manufacturing dis-tricts continue favorable.The Paris Bourse had been buoyant but was droop-Papal and-French authorities, and they will be at oncedisarmed. A week ago the strength of the Bourbonarmy was variously estimated at from 4,000 to 5,000men, the latter being regarded as an extreme state-ment. We' cannot reasonably set down its losses by during the first week of next May, and at which all the fall of Capna and the battle of the 3d at less than the American players of prominence and some Euro- 15,000 men. Thus in less than a week Francis 2d hassentation of Hamlet at the same place on Wednesday the right of slaveholders to travel and sojourn ining on the 6th.§Rentes closed at 69.80.ITALY." —Jute sold yesterday at an advance of 15/ ®20/ # tun.The following is the reply of Garibaldi to a deputa- tion requentii.g permission for the English community at Naples to purchase a site for a church:^Grateful for the efficacious and generous sympathy cY the English, the Dictator thinks that, this is a very small return to make for so many services received from them in the support of the noble 'cause of theblood-vessels, 15; premature birth, 5; old age, 4; gen-25«24i discount; New-York Central Shares at 78®80;. Erie hares at 34L.THE LATEST. .mLa Pretxe. of Paris, quotes correspondence from Gavazzi, and the Padre was to preach on the following self-repose for a politician. A scholar, then ? Hardly,Vienna, speaking of negotiations through De Metter- day. '•:•'• there is so much of both spirituality and action aboutnSch for a peaceable solution of the Venetian question. The Doily Netos (City artiele) says: Although the him. Who and what can he be? I catch a namewhich can only refer to SL project for the cession, of exportation of an early advance in the Bank of En- whispered about—Henrv' Ward Beechen No wondersuch acts as have been proved against Lieut. Stark, Blackwell's Island. and that no brutality has been practiced at that portprovisions for their reclamation, is it probable that we can attain the same thing in any other way; and are ' we then because we suffer an ill, to break up the gov-Tenetia by Austria to Victor Emanuel for a money consideration.Gavazzi was prevented preaching in the Church of the Jesuits at Naples by the Commandant of the National Guard, under pain of imprisonment.P At the launch at Genoa of a new Piedmonteee frigate the vessel struck against a wall which had not been sufficiently opened and several spectators were killed and wounded.Anarchy reigned in the province of Viterbo.The enrollment of foreigners for the Papal army had bean stopped.The correspondent of the Journal de& Dfbats saysthat Garibaldi will he made a Marshal by VictorEmanuel, and will retire from active service for a time,as the Piedmontese regulars do not want to serve underaim, and his volunteers detest discipline, which theyeaD " Piedmontese pedantry." A portion of Garibai-gland's rate of discount is now general, the English I could not class him; he is an exceptional man. I funds remain firm. In the share market, the principal' have not seen him before ipv many years, It was onefeature was a further, severe fall in the Stock of the night at the old Tremont Temple, where he^startled his two principal American Railway Companies. In the audience. He was quite young then. As he standsductio ad ab8urdom. But wherefore ? The President;<H'B army will therefore be disbanded, to reassemble plications yesterday must be regarded simply as alooks, watchful, but still as a patient; If you meet Vessels.bis eye, yours will fall, not, perhaps, because you bow Flag-ship corvett* ConstellationOffi. &Men. 350Tuns.1,200 1,022 882 1,446994 500 400the lad Dennis Galvin, for rescuing a drowning man inGunH. July last; another silver medal, properly inscribed, and22 $50, were presented to James Rush, for saving a little 2220 girl who fell from the ferry boat Metropolis while18 crossing the East River, in August last. The gold 1060 medal of the Society was presented to James McCartyOther gentlemen may have their tastes, but we have •urs. The projected martyrdom is entirely unaccept- able. South Carolina and Alabama may be very dear, but we recoil from entire ruin on their account. Slavery may be a strong bond of Union between to* bacco and cotton, but we do not feel altogether ready to sink the tobacco for the welfare of the cotton. W e * hadratherbeanindependentplanet. WewantVir* ginia to have an orbit of her own. We do not want her to gravitate toward New-York away from Ah*- bama, nor toward Alabama away from New-York. If any gravitation is to be done, let it be dene toward! hei-j or let the existing attractions maintain the presentwhen the war with Austria begins.KUSSIA.THE WARSAW CONFERENCE.A Vienna telegram of the.6th says:**Count Rochberg has addressee a circular note onto the might and majesty of intellect, as with Webster, but because he wills it.Hbe Warsaw interview to the representatives of Austria same time it is still a peculiar feature of the period that abroad. The note states that the object of the inter- our existing rate of discount is considerably higher, The temporary want of Midshipmen-hasagaii com- —M. Jules Jahin, in a late theatrical article, begins seem to be at all popular in the service.' Their effortsview was to bind more closely the personal and friend- ly relations of the three princes present, and to concert fte principles for the relation of their conduct in view mi certain eventualities. Count Rechberg, without en- tering upon any details as to the nature of the arrange- ments concluded, announces that a perfect understand- ing was established. He, however, makes it clearly waderstood that non-intervention in the affairs of Italy w a s afftted upon, and that although anxious to support Ibe principles of order and European equilibrium, the three Northern Courts will do nothing which mightprovoke a war."€HINA.The official dispatches of Sir Hope Grant, General Montauban, and Admiral Hope, relative to the capture of the Takn Forts, & c , are published, but add little of atement to the newspaper accounts. Individual acts ofgreat gallantry are recorded and acknowledged.Lord Elgin, writing on the 26th of August,-says that •onnnunications from the Chinese functionaries show stmt the Emperor desired peace, though he had not then atade up his mind to concede all that Lord Elgin woulddemand.The London and Chinese Telegraph says the latestthan the rate on the Continent. The stock of bullion is fully equal to the average of '57, when the rate was only 3 per cent.. There is no rigid precedent for an in- crease, and the matter merely stands at a point so nicely balanced that no fault can be found whichever conrse nay be adopted.BERN*, Wednesday.—To-day, M. Massignac remit- ted to the President of the Federal Council his creden- tials as French Charge d' Affaires ad interim. The Marquis Turgot will not, therefore, return to his post for the present. .CALCUTTA, Oct. 7.—Gen. Woodburn and Dr. Burst are dead.THE VOTING IN SICILY.A telegram dated Naples, Nov. 6, has been received, giving the officially announced result of the voting in Sicily upan the question of annexation. It is as fol- lows: Yeas, 432,054; Nays. 667.SOUTHAMPTON, Wednesday. The P. & C. Co.'s steamship Oneida, with the heavy portion of the China and Calcutta mails, has arrived off Hurst Castle tele-with the words, " By Garibaldi! I will relate to you," &c. This is a new oath, which the classical writer substituted for the old one of " By Hercules!"—Owen Norment, the bar-tender who sometime since shot young Tittermary at a tavern in North Caro- lina, has given himself up to the authorities of that State. When he committed the act, Norment was a man of large physique and in full flesh. From the effects of sleepless remorse he is now reduced to a skeleton: / .'. '—A few days since a stranger called o». Mr. Lincoln, from Missouri, professing to be his cousin. Probably having been posted by some bogus campaign " Life," he tried to call to. the remembrance of the President elect the fact that he (the cousin) was " present at his wedding in Lexington, Kentucky." But I was mar- ried in Springfield," said Old Abe. Since then that cousin, may be. put in the list of " not heard from."—Charles F . Brown, the renowned " Artemus W ard, Bhowman," began his career as a writer in Boston, while a printer's apprentice.. His contributions to The Carpel 2?«gy under the signature of " Lieut. Chubb,"NEW-YORK POST-OFFICE.—The amount arising from orbits. .We believe the present relation of the various always successful, are invariably energetic. The regu- the sale of portage stamps, stamped envelopes, collec- States is the best that can be devised! If the systemThe Isondon Globe asserts that Lord Elgin would •p to Pekin escorted by a very Iaxge proportion of thether that the Common Council of Brooklyn had made an appropriation for the fitting up of their house, but,"the celebrated Sexual Surgeon of Paris, and of Profs. CAUNOCHAN "J!J «Mo?*T of this city, treats successfully NBHVOUH DKBILITY ,"£?« H ^t b e r •"•""lTM °{ peculiar importance to the sexes. No!discount market the supply of money continues ample, but rather higher rates were demanded to-day, in an- ticipation of a movement at the Bank to-morrow. Good short bills were taken at 3J@4 ^ cent. The applications at the Bank were heavy, and betokened a general impression that the rate will be raised to-mor- row. During the hint few days the banks have.raised the terms for advances upon long bills from. 4 to 4 ^ 5& cent. .The Times (City article) says the demand for dis-count at the Bank" was extremely heavy yesterday. The expectation of an upward movement. The rate to-day has in some degree diminished. There is no real commercial pressure, and the majority of the ap-now, he wields a greater moral power than any person in our country probably. He is worth looking at.THEMESSAGEGOVERNOROFA YOUNG BURGLAR.—Wm. O'Donnell, aged 15 stand this for an hour, but who can stand it for a day••isCITY— «».•'—-—note had been paid long before, but stated that, if the holder would satisfy his New-York banker that this was not the case, it should be paid at once.,—Baron Alphonse von Rothschild has recently been named Prussian Consul 'General at Paris. This is the The steamship Nova Scotian from Quebec arrived first time that the Prussian Government has lever ap-MR. BLAKE'S BENEFIT.—This accomplished and de- the Southern States, must choose between subjectioaLIVERPOOL, Nov. 8, 1860.Rivals " will be played with a strong cast;, and to it alone are competent to shield us from revolution. LoftThe Doily AVer* says: " Abont 15,000 Neapolitan pointed a Jew to a similar office.spoken rebuke to those Powers which have denounced troops, 4,000 horses and 32 guns, being pnrsued by the —The present isa lively season among the- cultiva-SHAKESPEARIAN ENTERTAINMENT.—Lovers of of the South; pass luws to secure the easy and prompt? Shakespeare will have a good opportunity of hearing execution of the Fugitive Slave law; vam other lawalost 30,000 men.BOMBAY MAIL.Advices by the ^Bombay Mail were to Sept. 12*More animated demand is reported for cotton manufac- tures. Markets generally more cheerful, but all im- portsruledatverylowpricesandaconsiderablead- vance'must'take place before profits can be'realized. Cotton twist is in better demand and advanced rates. Iron and cotton firm.' News from home of an advance at Liverpool, had caused a rise in Cotton.' The rise in Linseed was maintained. Freights slightly higher.The London Pout's Paris correspondent transmits the following telegram: / ' . . ' . •" I t is not true that the Anglo-French expedition to China will advance to Pekin. The Envoys of the two Powers, \\ith their suites, and probably guards of honor, will go to the capital, where the conditions of the new peace will be signed. In virtue of a clause in the former "treaty, nn English and a French Minister will be accredited to Pekin, where they will reside."Times (City Article) of Wednesday evening: The English funds have been' without the least movement to-day, but the tone of the market is rather firm. No gold was taken from the Bank. The principal fluctua- tions in the JRailway market to-day have been in Can- adas, which have been pressed for'sale, the market be- ing oversnpplied have experienced a further decline.Yesterday morning, on the Eastern Counties Rail- way, near the Biandon Station, a carriage took fire, owing, as is believed, to the spontaneous combustion of certain articles of baggage on the roof. The fire was speedily extinguished, and no danger was done to thepassengers.7. he. Post says, after the fall of Gaeta, Garibaldi's resolution in to retire for a time to private life. ,27. e Daily News says the bills of Spencer P . Pennell,' merchant, of Liverpool, have been returned.Morphy Rooms in this city, a free tournament of thirty-two players is in progress. Among the participants areClark street, Chicago, 111.,ortoS. C. Pomeroy. Atchi- son, Kansas. Clothing and other goods for relief, ex- cept grain sacks, should be forwarded to Gen. Pome-—A writer in The Boston Transcript daguerrotypes The Po*t states that M.de Persigny,the French a few of the notable persons at the inauguration.of thethe Churches-of the Free North to follow this example, the proceeds would permanently relieve those who ate now suffering so sorely in that Territory.drowned, 3; suicide (by drowning), 1.document, and authorizes him to tender, as free ports-, Charleston and Mobile.What may be the object or motive for putting out these documents we cannot conceive. We imagine tho ' first Southern manifesto, worthy of notice oy TheEmbassador, will arrive in London to-day, to be pres- ent at the Lord Mayor's banquet, to-morrow, the invi- tation to which was transmitted to him by Lord John Russell.The Times regards the interference of the French Admiral with the operations of the Sardinian Squadron on the Neapolitan coast, as the most inexplicable epi- sode of the present campaign, and says it requires all.our confidence in the ability of the Emperor to per- suade us that bis policy is not a series of vagaries', the offspring of momentary impulse, or the conflicting-Museum of Comparative Zoology at Cambridge, on the 13th inst.:11 First we cast an eye over the ladies. Our atten- tion was soon arreeted and riveted by Mrs. 's cold, splendid face, with its infinite repose; yet, instinct with intellect and power; as you gazed, fascinated by its beautiful calm, you longed to know, if hidden deep down in the soul, there was not passion and tender- ness. I do not;wonder if to solve that question a xaan was driven well nigh mad." A stir and a buzz; some one has • entered' worthlooking at. Ah,T see ! it is that man in the reservedDiseases classified: Of the lungs, throat, & c , 118;brain and nerves, 65; stomach, bowels, and other di-gestive organs, 55; uncertain seat and general fevers,47; skin, &c., and eruptive fevers, 19; heart and States, the causes of secession, as set forth in the otherat$M&i$liberal appropriation of jmoney j is; reoqrnmended to "build an hsyhmi for the insance.. A thorough organiza-Th<- imprr,rfonwo*protty'generalthattheBankLminimal* accordancewiththeactsofCongressandthelawsof •wonld be idvancfd on theStb, Gold, continued to be taken from.t b O w " » o%ufePr°of ii million »toriing b«4 arrived from An**taHa the State. There remained in the treasury on the 1st ofOctober,forordinaryexpenses,$304,10698,ingold .^^u'wrican Seowritio* wore flat and lewer, particulariy Srio and and-BJiver. An' appropriation of $.130,000 out of thenelled to engage in. For a period of-about 20 years, dida week ago, and the brokers seethe necessity of LIVERPOOL MARKETS, Ivov. 7, a. m.—COTT<ON—The five per cent accruing from the sales of •public'lands, is H worked w a convict on the island, until he was coming to buyers' terms, but the owners do not feel Africa'" advice* cffti'-od a Rn*pen*K>n of the excitoir.cnt which reoommended for the completion of the Memphis and recently pardoned by the Queen, and was^onca^ain willing, and sOme of them hold back hard. Conse-6th of abont -i # c«nt In Confix, bnUtrvM not . nudntnined. The closing quotation* wore W&\ for both money attd account. »The Discount market on the Cth lv*« more active, and the de- mand for xwouey at the Bank w^aeoldedly brfoker. •Eleven of his companions in^misfortunetion of the ttiilftia of the State is also recoihinended in wereExecuted while he was in confinement. Batemim Nov. 20.—The drovers are not jolly to-day. The mar-the separate ' on the rig) tsettled inj. hi .theOenenJauthority.Conterr plate .this veryin decidinj though n so hand be '*I only on -diei.cy, wbwright on aj y ,jgb.un bis r-a•previonriv existed''in Cotton, and the market becansra quiet and Lrttle Rock Railroad, and of the, Mississippi, Ouachita i free man. Anxious, of course, to retunrto his nativem> .— O O V .carier, with, in Home ca«c», a decline of •Jd. from the highestquotation* of Srturdny la*t. Holders offered mote freely, but'without prewo'*g on tho market. The bnaineM on Monday andTueodayw«»«ib«nt18.000bals«, including6,000takenon»pecn- tureisalsocalledtothesubjectof,publiceducation.Jountr?, he worked his passage on a whahng vesselto Quebec^'and landed there a week or two since, desti-quently, the morning bosineea was light, and the mar- ket really very dull. A few of the buyers of the very beststock,suchaswillbequotedinreports te-morrow as "extra," declare they paid over 9J cents a potind, sinking offa], but.according to our observation, 9£ cents tops the market; and we saw lots of jtist as fine grade Durham8as any butcher needs for his customers, sold at9 cents a pound.lationandfor-cxport. 'BKKAD*Trpi»s.—Ricbardfon, Spence k Co. report Flour RIOWand ratherraider: Wheat in limited demand aVa redu«tion of ify 2 * ^ cental ^ Corn quiet and 3d. $* qr. cheaper; mixed, 3t)/6. WakefieVdi Narh & Co. report the market without change for any article, and firm for fine wheat*. /'"^ '••• ,_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ „ _ _ _ 1 ' »'..'•''/•' • •• ,ii' » I I I — M W — « — — — ••/•';-.'.tuteofmoneyandwithout friends.THE FAMINE INto-do than cannot bu' jndge of it* people, a* t oratorH. and Cheerful coafliency sbaD Bonth Carol they did in I "has increa/* ability. Vt thougn they metapbyp'u •.,logical abi-t.1 had two ei to Lia v.il injj his theor lege,.who hi fhiee, le*»ui| best he miu\• ceed straight ' een*e, disi eg ' generation o : erhonvar.fi s • Iheclegai* <cipitation v pushed forw evidence^ tl• part, of t'>e among the p cm which <A; lv shown ittthe radi< *-Is emment.Thev-rn ij depehds n;o appeal, aid- hor are all k • jaate if th» y; But if a Stat•with the rodthe count?_, • her indery-n< It.does no* „. Bhould fsvll J . trion of a S • against cr»:xflictl • Sout .ly,ands"a or so, the jx• pense of a ' eeveral Sta' -1 This, we WE -. able view, o • or probabilinothing Iron v feel toward. Gscape ruin, . should uimeGov. M<x of the Stati he is authorf. that Convei fcytbepeop "Electors ca£. sistent witi inform tb^n and upon w. Delegate*t<inst., asking .. lntionaOf o ventaonof t detsire u> k ' issue my t'r.-.«' Whether of the sevi?r ' votes for Fr if consistent that Proclayou (I) will I i Convention.] I fully agxPROVWIOXH.—Beef continue* very dull; Pork quiet but firm; Bacon inactive: nonewHn the market; T^ttrd steady at (53/ Tor prime; Tallow in goo* request and rather dearer; fine North American, 5ft/fi.WANTED—20,000 GRAIN SACKS. ./•; The fact cannot ^onger escape' the attention of the lection of meteoric stones. The difficulty of obtaining, humane in the States, that an extraordinary conditionand Red River Railroad.The attention of the Legisla-L E T T E BOPINIONSi-'OP THE SOUTHERN PRESS.*PERSONAL.• ;KANSAS.'—For uuiny. years Braunmuller, a naturalist ofBriinn, Germany, has been engaged in forming a colPHKIDUCK.—Ashe*quiet, with Rales of Pots at 28/6 and Pearls authenticated fragments of aerolites may be imagined of things prevails throughout a large portion of the and pretty fair medium quality steers are selling at 7®at 28/9. Srtcars qnifet bnt steady. Odflee firm at full T-rides. when it is known that his cabinet, the largest collec- Territory of Kansas, where there is at present " a fam- Rice firm and in gooddemand. Rosin quiet, and a shade easier;sales at 5/4^5/5 on the spot. and5/2'tOHrrive. Spirits of Turpen- tion hitherto made, contains specimens from only ine in the land." The thrilling descriptions that have tine quiet at 34/6S35/. • /count. He i« a, mere exponent, whone significance is due not to hi« pergonal or official conduct, but to the- attendant unit,figure wMch precedes. The idgnificanij. fact which menace* the S<>uth, in not that Abe Lincoln,At Manchester, a'firm tone prevaibi.'bnt business is not active, 'buyer* holding oft'.8c. net a pound, at liberal estimates of weight. The twenty-nine different localities. The entire collection reached us in the reports of the county and township lower grades of quality are selling still worse than theThe ship Mary and Anne, from Liverpoel tor New- LONDON MARKETS.-T-BKEXDSTUFFS unchanged, Calcutta.Sro.»K, firmand'Sd. dearer. COKKKK firm- TKA quiet.'but prioesThe average quality of the stock in market is good, a •'•sectional vole, have elected a President for the.and the weather wonderfully fair for the season, but avowed purpose.of aggression on Southern rights. The*-purpose of aggression has been declared. This, is a. only a failure of the potato crop. In Kansas all crops ihe market is overstocked, and must rule low through- derlaratiov of war. An important act has been conj-Y ork, pot into Queenstown on the 4th, leaky and short •f -provisions. She was 47 days out.:ul!yashigh. TAULOW quiet but*firm at61/. 29,*S30/. ,LINSKKD OIL,—An autograph collection of this city contains a notegiven by General Harrison before the year 1800, and a passing that of the famine in Ireland. Then there wasw 1LATEST MARKETS. 'LiVBRPOot, NOT. 8.—COTTON—Sales yesterday and .to-day, letter written by him in reference to the payment of20,000 bales, xncluding 6.000 to Speculators and exporter*. The the note nearly half a century later. About the time of market closed steadv at Friday^ quotations. BRKADsflTwa dull;'have failed.. The people have exhausted their means out; and sOme of the shrewdest brokers are pushing in obtaining homes in a new Territory. Thousands are sales to-day, in anticipation of being worse times to-•ntitted for the purpose of con8ummatin(? this dechirar tion. This is an act of war, committed by State offi- cers, acting nnder the .dictation of a popular vote. KThe war is made, and Mr. Lincoln is impotent ixy command the peace. What then ? Full assurance o-' peace must be pciven from some competent quarter, orGREATBRITAIN.LONDON. NOV. 8, "noon.—CONSOLS 93f®93}. The Bank rate has been advanced to 4£ ty cent. SCGAS buoyant, and all qualitiesGen. Harrison's election to the Presidency, in 1840, thehas just been sold to the Society of Natural History ofmeetings and committees in Kansas, who have investi- gated the wants and conditions of the people, show a pretscnt and prospective destitution equal to if not sur-better ones, a n d a good many will probably figure to-morrow in accounts of sales below 6c. net a pound., is elected President, but that the Northern people, bypean notabilities are expected to be present. At the banker, Indianapolis, Ind-; Dr. John Evans, No. 55evening last was well attended, and gave much satis- faction. ;CITY JUDGE.—The Hon. A. D. Russell, for six yearspast City Judge, and associated with Recorder BarnardNorthern States accompanied by their slaves; instruct* their Senators and Representatives in Congress to rev peal the law prohibiting the sale of slaves m the Dis- trict of Columbia, and to pass laws sufficient for tha full protection of slave property in all the Territories of the Union; and let thone Senators and Represent^.Lichtenhein, Loyd, Perrin, HOrher, Michallis, Marache, roy, Atchison. As all produce and breadstuffs will be and a young player, Mr. J. A. Leonard, whose rapid transhipped at the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers, it progressfromtherankofabeginnertothatofafirst- mustbesacked,andtheymustbefurnishedinmost;cases.in the Court of General Sessions, will elose his public ' tires promptly obey such instructions.duties with the expiration of the present week. Fri- Tliis will only secure the constitutional rights of thd dayistobehislastdayofholdingCourt.Histerm SouthernStatesfromaggression,actualormenaced^This will do. no more than merely fulfill the constitu- does not expire legally, however, before the end of this tional obligations of the Northern States. This, audirate is a subject 'Of general remark in our chess circles. In the match between the. clubs of New-York and Brooklyn, the contest is already virtually decided in favor of this city, for of eighteen games to be played the six New-Yorkers have scored ten, a majority of one, while the Brooklyn combatants have thus far wonLet us then have money or sacks as soon as possible, so that bur snffeiing people may be relieved, and the^ibe- rality of the W est be made effective by the donationsof the East. W. F. M. ARNY.• —THE STARVING PEOPLE IN KANSAS.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.year, but the Recorder's turn to hold Court will comenext month, and Judge Russell will therefore be free alittle sooner. John H. McCunn, City Judge elect, will inevitable. Without this, we must inevitably incurSIR: In order to aid the general movement now on only three. Mr. Kolisch, by far the most prominent foot to relieve the distress among the population of por-take the bench next January.CITY MORT ALITY .—The n«mber of deaths in this whelm Southern peace, Southern property, Southern •player in Europe, is expected to visit this country dur-tions of Kansas, the American and United States Ex-city for the week ending 17th November, according to the City Inspector's report, was.344, which is,.a* in- crease ef 23 over those of the week preceding, a n d a-honor, Southern safety, Southern State sovereignty-, beneath the rapid march of political fanaticism, greedy for fizin, and unscrupulous in its thirst for domination.The question, then, prominent before us, in the firsting the Winter. His age is-aboutthat of Mr. Morphy,' press Companies will forward, free of charge, contri- and although a Hungarian by birth, he is said to be apetitor for the Breant prize having discovered a certain remedy for the cholera. When required by the Acade- my, which decides the comparative claims of the va- rious competitors and awards the prize, to describe his pretended.cure, he declined, alleging that it was an im- portant secret, and if revealed to the Academy would soon become a public matter. His reply, we. are told, by the Paris journals, provoked " a general hilarity" among the sedate academicians. .•HENRY WELLS, 'ery yet thoughtful.. Is he a minister ? He does not. . . . . . . . . . ,butions in money or clothing, intended for the use of decrease of 73 from the corresponding week of hast instance, is—not " What will Lincoln do? but uwill the Northern Slates do—or Icove undone ?" Frdm The Southern Guardian, Columbia, S. C, nth.What- Creole by descent.—An American physician has. disturbed the gravity enworth. You wiM be furthering a deserving charity 102; gij-ls, 74. Of the 161 deaths from acute disease,of that learned "body of savans, the French Academy by giving publicity to this notice through the columns of Sciences. He had announced himself as a com- THE TRIBUNE.The New-York Herald, of Wednesday publishes sundry documents, emanating, it states, from a recent tion of the lungs, 18; diphtheria, 15; scarlet fever, 13; informal meeting of statesmen from South Carolina," But others are coming in. There is old PresidentQuincy; how beautiful it is that he can be here, withfaculties bright and clear. Let us thank God for it.The doors are thrown open; the music floats on theair, hushing all sounds, save of beating hearts. AsAgassiz enters, a thousand eyes are dimmed with tears,a thousand hearts,yearn to offer him the homage ofdeepest admiration and gratitude. . When .the firstemotion is passed, and we can look at others, see whata noble band. of men fill the aisle. Agassiz bows theGovernor to the seat of honor; how cool and strong lie toga joins the fleet, it will be thus constituted:precaution. It i* not improbable, therefore, that animmediate advance may still be deemed unnecessary,especially as no further large withdrawals of gold arelikely, just at present, to be made from the Bank on in his predecessors. By the way, what a contrast Steam gunboat Mystic300 300 300Frenchaccount. Moderateremittances'willcontinue to go to Spainj but these, and anything casually re- quired for Paris; will; it is thought, be nearly all sup- plied by arrivals from Australia and Panama. At theSteamgunboatSumpter90 856 185graph station*-- •OF THE ARKANSAS,other boya who returned it to tho owners. tained to the portion carried away.No clue has been ob-"FoDowingbim are. the Presidents, Felton leadingthereisoetweenthepolishedairandclassicalfaceofSparks and the large dark man following him, Presi-dent Wayland (not of Harvard); he looks as if one ofthe old Puritan divines had lived down into our time." pelled the appointment of Masters' Mates, who do notofFarRockaway,forhiscourageandhumanityinsay- ing, numerou8 persons from drowning while bathing in the surf.»eport in circulation from Tien-tsin was that PrinceSan-KoHnsin had been degraded, and that the Chinese in bis annual message to the Legislature of that State are well remembered by many readers of that peri- ••*r- " v i. « -,« -,<,„> W M - H ' &USSELL, President mitted him to answer.The Governor of Arkansas, Elias N. Conway, senthad consented to pay an indemnity ef £8,000,000 ster- on the 6th inst. - It is confined exclusively to the local odical. ling. Another rumor was that a late telegram reports. .New- York, Nov. 10,1860.She recommencement of hostilities. There is no con- affairs of the State, and does not contain even an allu- firmation of either of these statements. sion to her Federal relations.m*n± m,..,—uuuu o w y , u uuwMHjr, age<was on on Monday committed by Justice Connolh. . ,iJr„ ,, ,, charge of mayhem., It is alleged that on Monday night Shay made an unprovoked assault upon Martin Howard, at the corner. the alleged indignities shown the royal party in that No. 96 Park street is in an unsafe condition, and liable ofl a portion of his ear, and attempted to gouge out his eyes.L A T E S T . The payment on the State debt up to O c t 1,1860, the correspondent of The. Londan Times in regard toCOMMISSIONERS OF POLICE.—At the meeting of thistary Committee setting forth that the tenement-house of Forty-eighth street' and Eleventh avenue, during which he bitBy the Bombay mail several days later news has amounted to $2,341,996 17. The amount of outstand- been received, the dates being Hong Kong Sept. 17,aad Shanghae Sept. 10. ing debt on account of the Bank of the State of Arkan-- There is a report that the negotiations were not go- sas is $1,098,717 50; and the liability of the State forcity." They say the correspondent was in Baltimore when the Prince was received in Richmond.to fall at any moment. The usual disposition was made of the document A communication was received from the Sergeants of the Fourth Precinct, Brooklyn, setting.. m —waiter at the United States Hotel, on Monday night, started forha/r on smoothly at Tien-tsin.Chowfoo had been taken by the rebels, and May nobonds sold by the Real Estate Bank and iaterest duehis home, but shortly afterward was discovered sitting in front of the premises No.' 73 Eeekman street, bleeding freely from thetion may.be eflected by an unauthorized rabble, eoia-on them was $1,654,825 28, on the 1st of October. Tea at Hong Kong was unchanged. Silk was lower. There is beside an additional liability for principal andposed of two or twenty persons, the distinction shotddffhofrpo was threatened. * Jfccchange 4/9.Private telegrams speak of the recommencement of lostilities.««t substantial atonement of the past, and the best jpauaatees for the future.i INDIA.jaevement in yams and goods.•COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Xejroojr Mo*xY MAKXXT.—The Funds were tuiet,^^ ^^MEDICAL.—The undersigned, pupil of RICORD,•—The Richmond Committee of Arrangements for thePrince's reception in that city, denies the statement of Board yesterday, a report was received from the Sani-the Buflerers, and addressed to the committees at Leav-year. There were of men, 80; women, 88;" boys,• Yours, &c.President American Express Company.D. N. BARNEY, ' President United States Express Company.Ojffice American Express Company, No. 61 Hudson street,. cprnerof Jay, Now-York, Nov. 19, 1860.there were from convulsions infantile, 21; inflamma-congestion of the brain,' 10; croup, 9; inflammation of Alabama, Mississippi, Georgia, and Florida, recentlythe brain, -8; typhoid fever, 7; congestion of the lungs, held in Charleston. The Herald says ii has received! them from a distinguished Southern gentleman, ami7; inflammation of the bowels, 6; typhus fever, 6. that tbey are therefore^probably reliable..servedly popular actor has a benefit to-night at Wal-laces, whe» the fine old legitimate comedy of f. Theand resistance.The Northern States which have declared waragainst us, and committed acts of war against us—theywill be added the farce " A s Cool as a Cucumber."each Northern State, through her Legislature, or la Convention assembled, promptly repeal all nullifying laws passed for the injury of the constitutional rights'ITEMS.THE SECESSION MOVEMENT.« • ~tLETTERFROMGOV. MOOREOF ALABAMA ment,buildingroadsandbridges,improvingland,and tobuytheirstockatabouthalfacentlessthan they S0UTHEBNBAPTISTSFOESECE^IIOB;,! A,,PR the re tor8&Here he was again captured, and taken toBULL1'S "BKA-D—Nw-Yorlc Cattle Market, •ffiy^««tedVex0e in Van Dxemen's Land, ketopenswith3,950headof bullocksinthe sale-pernsS such other employment as tae^con^weM^com-remS inprison,tenmonths,whenhissentence,wasft the far-off convict island, he worked under Govern- at Forty-fourth street. Butchers manifest a dispositionOf the 145 deaths from chronic disease, there were W e have heard of no such meeting, nor do we think Bishop Odenheimer of New-Jersey has set an ad- from consumption, 55; marasmus, infantile, 22; any has been held in Charleston or elsewhere. Thdmirable example to the Christian Churches of the North, dropsy in the head, 10; disease of the kidneys, 9; palsy, documents referred to purport to be a sort of Declara> tion of Independence on the part of the Gulf and Cotton by issuing an address, calling upon the Churches in his 8; dropsy, 6; heart disease, 6. Of the 38 deaths States named above. It sets forth, seriatim, thodiocese to take up collections on Thanksgiving Day, for from external and other causes not depending upon wrongs and aggressions the South has suffered for the benefit of the suffering people of Kansas. Were all climate or season, there were burned or scalded, 6; many years from' the Northern States. Accompanying!ARMY AND NAVYINTELLIGENCE.These instructions direct the agent to impress upon his Majesty the territorial extent of the five seceding76;fromlto2, 37; 2to5, 41; 5tol0,17; 10tol2, 3;expulsion from the service, which the Department 12 to' 17, 4; 17 to 20, 5; 20 to 25, 15; 25 to 30, 21; 30 Herald, will be the ordinance of the State of Southi >been visited with the most severe punishment, next todeep intereei after mature in regard to •with my pi tion to yoa, do so. The vade the pu-ditv.-After stat ble to the J< tion provide gency conu the elect\mand action <itself the B - Governor, i hisproclnmiThe C«>n* - mode of vl< State j=hadi ' thereof ma; . -whole, nun "which the tArt.2, 6 .'. Art. U. $ vides that tState*, ard • gident. L't . ihe peOple *tbeae elt-<t< mind that a tu-tionally b have cast tlMy procl that Vote isf. regret that t 'winch sum - necessary,ty of the «1< and in vievr termiued t< that -vote i*•day of l>ev< the Conven. day, the '> tl The dav i nated in udj .in order thai directed to t may have ai th.em.a- i*a< consider ih< Constitution of the Stale' 24th Decern' mission to 4 eion from th•mentous is^i eide it cone circunieta: c<-.improper oi them.Who is »question? .calling i'-sel j e c t i s t h e d< e.xiht*« in <•'« gtiisbed l'*a<and b« Idly jp . alterable «.« with timiiiu their past a< yearly O' have been UpubUcuns. lied tl o Fag pisH'd it* oxt punishing, b-tiary, per*} slaves m <a . penalties,-}-! to u'neot Us;i of their V *xeuvved iro of slaves, w utterly u^d protect tl'U the State pi weapon.-, ui Stales Ani en is<-ario*-1 towns, and for the I-uriAll th«'<3 tmi-oustiiu'i •binaUonfl oJ are not Onlj their wicke leftisl.iiiou iKnowing euoceesful\ they fur ye Le&i*Jati\e have nownon tJa\ oh*ing with the heartrending story of his cruelty, he is to 80, 7; 80 to 90, 6. 222 were natives of the United withdrawn from Florida and ordered on duty to his States; 87 of.Ireland; 19 of Germany; 6 of England;ent Federal Union, and establishW her independence1.A LUNATIC SAVED FROM SUICIDE.—Yesterday after- ernment and suffer wor?e 1 We might in this way re- noon an officer of the First Ward rescued from drown- duce all the arguments of the Secessionists to the r«-As before reported, the United States corvette Sara-toga left Philadelphia on Friday to reenforce our squad- ing an unknown man, who proved to be insane. On ' 'tis true, is not of our thinking, but we have the Senate! ron now crnieing on the Coast of Africa. taking him to the Station-House a loaded revolver was we have the House, and an upright, honest Judiciary*.W e have already published a list of her officers. found in his possession, and he expressed his determina- W e have two branches of the government, the Repub-The Saratoga relieves the sloop-of-war Marion, which tion to put an end to his life. Being unwilling to give licans one. Shall we, by secessions, break up and give them all, or shall we stand to our rights as men withinreturned some time since to Portsmouth, N. H.; and any account of himself, he was detained, and will the Union ? Every dictate of wisdom points our the promptness with which she has been commissioned, doubtless be sent to the Hospital. course, that as sensible men we will follow it for ourpart no doubt is entertained. Let us keep the Union AWARD OF LIFE-SAVING MEDALS,—The Life-Saving and the Constitution, even though it be to the destruc-tion of Lincoln and his party, rather than to keep Lin- Benevolent Association, awarded to Patrick D. Kelly coln and the Republicans at the expense of a broken upfor rescuing a man from drowning in the East River; From The Charlottesville ( Va,) Review.Fine appeals are made about the duty of Virginia tosince hejoined it. 'shows that the vigilance of the Government in endeav-oring to suppress the ocean slave-trade is not to berelaxed.. It is gratifying to know that during the year1860, thus far at least, seven American men-of-war the silver medal of the Society, appropriately inscribed, Union and &dishonored Constitution*have captured one mote slaver, or alleged slaver, thanfifteen British national ships have. When the Sara- alsO a medal suitably inscribed, with $20 in money, to offer herself" up as a. sacrifice for the sunny South*:&::,Corvette PortsmouthCorvette Saratoga ...'Steam frigate Son JacintoSteam guntoat Moheim, (new).,..... "100to present an officer's exterior on $25 a month, if notlarly commissioned genus dislikes to see tho button adorn any one not entitled to move ," in the line ofpromotion." The Vandalia has forlr Masters' Mates.tion of postage on unpaid foreign letters, postage on is disturbed, where each will fly to no calculations canunpaid foreign letters, postage on printed matter, and foresee. First one and then another of these orderlystars will "shoot madly from the 8pfaere.•, Confusion box rents, at the New-York Post-Office, for the year will be general—the rum common. Let us say before-ending Sept. 30, was $904,121 49. The amOunt re- hand that we shall not de dragged. And if the at-THE PONYEXPRESS.ceived from the sale of stamps and stamped envelopes alone was $673,234 09.''»FIRE IN SIXTH STREET.—At 3| o'clock yesterday morning, a fire occurred in the building No. 64'Sixth street, occupied by Mr. Lang as a cabinet shop. It originated on the fourth floor, and caused damage totempt is persisted in, let South Carolina and let Ala- bama go their way and we will go ours._, From the Same Paper.• When we read the Republican journals, we get in a-fret; when we read the disunion journals, we get in a fret. What can a wise man do ? It is a very irksome thing to be moderate. It is a flat sort of business. So is virtue, in a certain sense. One often grows weary. Did you never feel like you wanted to get drunk, or wanted a row ? To be spending one's life holding two fellows that want to get into a fight, yon had almost rather fight yourself. A man had " might as w e l l " uve m a tea-pot, as in this perpetual rowing on the Slavery question. A leather-wing bat in a man's brain, would be almost a« quiet a mode of life. Massa- chusetts beats a dram on one side of your head, and! South Carolina blows a horn on the other. You mayCENTRAL OVERLAND CALIFORNIA AND . PIKE'S PEAK EXPRESS COMPANY.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: From a dispatch in your issue of this morning, some of the patrons of our express are led to believe that the company had determined to withdraw the Pony. Our mail contract being extended, we shall continue the semi-monthly Pony from St. Joseph, Mo., to San Francisco, only increasing schedule time after the 1st day of December next, and so running until the 1st day of May, unless Congress ahall'at an earlier date order up the mail Bervice (now running semi-monthly between Julesburg, or the crossing of the South Platte, to Placeryille) to semi-weekly, when present or shorter schedule will be resumed.the amount of $300.Insured. ».-.•'*"1,5856,444—Peisons who have sent letters containing money toFrankfort and its immediate vicinity, Bavaria, Wur- forth that the Station-House of said District waB devoid lmigs. He was conveyed to tho Hospital, but ou reaching there seem, to be broad enough. Secession would, of conrwe,interest up to the 1st day of October, 1860, of $267,- temberg, Baden, and Switzerland, which have not of the conveniences necessary for thern to carry out theit wasfoundthathewasdead.. [Advertisement]include nullification, but nullification would not neces- sarily imply secession; and the general Government roiul.t feel called on to resist what is called an act of nullification^ on the same ground that it would any vio- lation of United States law. To restrain an unauthor-405 71,on account of the $121,336 59, borrowed by thebank on the 7th September, 1840, upon the 500 bondsreached their destination, are requested to send to Dr. order of the General Superintendent. They stated fur-Schneider, Investigating Judge at Frankfort, the num- ber and the contents of such letters, and the names ofof the State, which the bank, in violation of law, hy-Expeditionary army, and would not leave Pekin with- pothecated to the "North American Trust and Banking the addressed and Of the senders, as an officer of the for some reason or other, the money had not been ex- 66H Broadway, cor. Bond-st., New-York. From 9 to 2. and 6 to8 ized raid upon Fort Moultrie, or upon a custom-houseThe Bombay mails (date not mentioned) reached Be* Oct. 28." Batemen is now 64 years'of age. He says that he removed from Chatham County to Canada in 1836u £i, M? 7 - i * from Mfww-'E. CHAMBKKMN fc Co. of Bon- ton, Mass., produces, when intermingjl'ed with flour, a delightfully flavored bread; and oh! such nutni tious pastry! For sale by Gurocersanad Duruggists gjtenerallyv. Guo H. BATHS, W holesale Agent, No. 180 Pearl-stwhich the people, or any portion of them, contravene > the execution of Federal law, the sworn Federal offi- cers are legally bound to do what they can toward the maintenance of their authority. This is too plainly their legal duty to require argument; for to permit the unpunished violation of law is to abandon the poet which they have sworn to defend. Tho case is alto> • getherdifferent, however, when the Federal law is abrogated by a commonwealth which doclares itiself no longeramemberoftheUnionwhosoFederalauthor-" y hi.* UXvxv hven, J*m i * nvC now acknowledged j**State.The State, the Governor says, has maie considerableprogress in getting out of debt, and, in a few years, will be entirely so. The whole value of property—John Batemen, one ef the exiled victims of the of J. J. Wintringham was accepted. Detectives ^INFORMA TION W A N T E D . — W i l l some reliablo person Calcutta private telegrams to Oct. 10 report no im- taxed in the State in the year 1852, was $42,900,080, where he purchased a quantity of land, and engaged hi in each township or ward in thJ« Stato please fcoform me by let-and the increase during the subsequent eight years has amounted to about $1,000,000.ter of the number of licenced and unlicensed vendor*, of the man- ifest good or bad resmlta of license, and the number of proaeou- tiena of theunlicensedrineeMayhurt,aadthusfavorthe Tem-~. [Advertisement]G R A N D F A M I L Y H O L I D A Y , this, a tB A R N U M ' SA portion of. the message is devoted to a eonadera- Sympathizing very ardently with the Patriots' causeperance towerUntitled Document^'^••vvvt":'-'^-.-.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069JOBN MAUSH, Sec. Temp.,MrrBKrit,.wherethousands of ladies and childrenaredelighted with the airroaements and curiosities. To-day, ROSK ELMKH is TOrformedboth afternoon and evouiug, and the wonderful A*teo OhUdren,theWhatI.It,Aqimria.taballtheothernoveltiesof Ut» AUMHIMwiMl* visiok* Mail bow*tiorj9/fbepeceeeitfeaofrbefjfafoPsateJitjary/aad ahereinoyedtotbeAmerican,sideandjoinedthehunterThura and Taxis Post-Office has been detected in em- pended. Barnard Morrison of the Twenty-sixth Pre- evening. Consultation en Francis.C. D. HAMJCOHO M D ' in Boston, would have nothing in common with resist- ance to an act of State secession accomplished and ratified by the whole body of the people of a State vot- ing directly upon the question. And even if a State Legislature, by express statute, grant the authority b yCompany" of New-York. This Company, sold- thebonds, and placed them beyond the control of the bezzling. cinct was dismissed from the force, and the resignation[ Advertisement JCONCENTRATED LEAVEN.Canadiantroublesof1837-8,hasjuetreturnedtohis home in Chatham Centre, N. Y.the business of lumbering. The Patriot War soon after breaking out, he attended the meetings of the Patriots,wherehewas finally captured butreleased.SloweyandMcCord were permitted to receive reward for extra services rendered.THATKtLKAVK^»^^°d th«"f^ioUth*tUl0 «COVCKN-years, was yesterday arrested charged with having broken into store. No. 118 West Sixteenth street, and stolen therefrom $25 worth of cigars, crackers, etc. The lad acknowledged the crime but said ho was driven to it by hunger. Justice Connolly oom-—who can stand it forever ? W e wish Massachusetts was a cat, and South Carolina >vas a terrier, and Cuffy was a bone, and we could nail all three in a candle- box together. We want peace so bad we don't know what to do.From The Memphis Enquirer, Xov. 17.SKCESSION ANI> NULLIFICA TION.—It is now a popu-lar rumor, grounded on the not infallible telegraph,that the President will resist nullilication and permitsecession. Some of the, .Northern people find this awonderfully line distinction. But as secession can onlybean act of the sovereign people, sanctioned and ex-4»MAYHEM.—John Shay, a butcher, aged 20 years,.>••'•':..•'Tuesday,DIED IN THE STREET—Henry^omerville, a colored pressly voted on by th^ra; and as an act of nullilica-tt!F K O M• ' -—'m ~ —M A O O F F I J * .nothing short of thi.«, will suffice to prevent revolution* Without this, revolution, in one form or another, iseither the revolution incident to armed resistance by the South, or the more dreadful revolution incident to Southern submission—a revolution which shall over-this, which appears to be more particularly drawn up for foreign powers, is what purports to be a copy of tho instructions given to the a#ent of the Southern Inde- pendent Confederacy to the Emperor of the French.«• •i;;:' *.^.,•:•••-, • -.•--y-rf-i.' \ . " , ; ' , - -f-, ; - . v . ^ .. ; : ' , * . :: ••''•y.;!;.•i^v'.o•• •*-'-.'/ ' r'-'-r^• •• ~" .www.fultonhistory.com-'•-'"- 