 mIf•i :,-.NEW YORK DAILJf TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15, !86fcIiiJ 1;II fc&ii jIII' I £-M I-1^m *excellent judicial appointments, has left the Su- France incontestably is the standard-bearer of the zeal to inspect each least ornamentation, that furion was the belief of some of the Belteveretts preme C<urt no better than he found it. And yafe! •any house from garret to cellar, you wuTgenerally Treasurer; S. W. Bowerman of Adams for Secre- medicine vender, mounted bit stand in our pablia tary, and J. E. Easterbrook of Worcester for Au- square last evening, and commenced declaiming to. aeach ani every rr.*r and not one'man b declared for aia/o, one RepuUcatt in t twenty', and feel»01'—The JBalttVi> ri Buchanan U-1horoa; Preeideniialeh<tioa lied, beyond the p• awaits, he says, tie audthflt, ht» think? •waa thegereral.ter among mea wo% do C W n OCQChlbioDi'. T. have Ciaeipat-tc' a :c jhargirj{ about tl*r e—AijreatBt|at at Bangor, Me.,>n Israel Waskbcn:Jbal HanJin. *er< fince wrought answer to loui *<• f- of .congratulaio: ; seemed as it theAVI the building with S.ewartWoouriri though he eevenu 11 not leave the auad and a half.A correepcDdfiicIfollowis, under c^ie " I think 1car.=a that gathtored h*ii yesterday i,un?,fc< re<pIcatHn^e^ta^et!-: -^ thusiasiic-^-l tk\ a Cateius M. Clav.;.n dav "at the d^»0£,-t of"Wide-Awi.h!-: with their ltditi*. s-i A la**e debjgK'ioithe Oreat >\ «#• r same- tram wn i 5 one of the Rggts* «ast'of the town,ent from Pontile ii tiens from all piutts w e r e huge—eome > as tbty came into 'o Teaching tbe <Jr»>\ Mt. Clay conkl u« stands were er<.v: Hon.J.H.Bakvr• th? t&vaQ tim»« > ingTthe"parade 01 JS the town with tanp' at"the Court flf crowd wa» adurt «-«< Ottawa, and jfro'm If y.^u wunt to ><•«.' lots of thwnvyoa La Salle Couiit>. -count of a Wid«-Ai The freshly-or.::JI?nd H»mliu Ww their debut for ta* con'paties, wub -•« the excellent leed«i tuied ijumerooeh, to kig tbe grand Kep The fickje weavh..t squallv, and a teu»p nent. "|rheenttu--a. noted the lowet.u^ avow*4 therjusr-hi- if need be, rather ih xiigbt their fri*nd.* t h e prepSiat,tou>' p forme-^-eoudiitinv >imihtaiy caps—w«ri compact borps Wi principal streetswasbrnirtda Sil ioiir deep, each \ which floated a i-sua trait of that »*«U» ur thereupon, lli^u-a •waa borue a new ai one side of which >v the de*ignuth>u ef« naBiM vf the Kepnpeople asked each other, and I answered: " No, Saltonstall the Little, 18-1; Mr. Winthrop, 70; Of is•#September (J, in lat. Xi° 20', Ion. 7i- :J0', the ahy pre- persistence in declaring that th> Empirem peace, further terrilorial conquest. ... ny of a long grief, that wears into days and years, sented a grand and beautiful- appearance, the .whole-South to take office" under a Black .Republican Presi- J. W\ Mansur, P . M. of Fitehburg, for Auditor.! dent or bv the refusal of the people to permit any!pally of the so called Gotha party, the Constitution- al Liberals of northern an 1 middle Germany, who "wish the unity of German} without Austria under the leadership of Prussia are to meet in Conven- tion at Coburg. Their purpose is to construct aplatformbywhichtherelationsbetweentheFather- landandItaly,AustriaandFrance,aretobeclear- ly defined. They will energetically protest against French encroachments on the Rhine; declare that the unity of Italy, including Vonetia, cannot be hos- tile to German interests; that the despotism-of Austria, alienates the *ympathies of Europe? for Germany; that Ejingaxy must, rwnainance of the two great civilized nations of Europe that astonishing passage in that astonishing letter rests, thank Heaven 1 on much firmer bases thau di- to "My Dear Persigny?" '?Lord Palmerstonnot, nay, we will not go. was seen that something must be done, instantly, There was also a morning concert by Mme. or Merrick would be nominated. So it was movedexprcts his sentiment* in a hired hall, but John Sher- man has himself fought the fight for free speech in the streets Of. Philadelphia, and has been victorious.G.M.C.Ih ••; i:»-•iidoubt whatever. -The development of his really grand scheme of politico-economical reforms re- quires several years of peace. The scheme is one of his oldest favorite hobbies. But circumstances quite beyond his or any one man's control threaten to upset the (Tance-a-uiddloum Balance of Power in Europe. Not because his personal word is one par- ticle more worthless than the word of any other prominent European or American power, lie he now Minister, Prince or Kaisrr—but because of his un- controlled autocratic position and because of his capability to put himself at any next moment at the head of-the French National idea of conquest. Many of the other Powers of Europe, in the actual extremely ticklish "vibration Of the balance, in- dulge in uispicions, whose foundation, real or-fanei-over, the Convention balloted for a candidate for Governor. The managers had shoved Mr. Mar- shall P. Wilder aside; because, first, ho had•no money (or wouldn't come down with it): and, second, no sense. They meant- to nominate. Mr. Clifford, but he took himself out of the way at a kits hour. Mr. Wilder had :*£> votes, Mr. Amos A/Lawrence 226, Mr. Leverefct;• and enthusiastic gathering*. And as for speakers, who> were scarce wit 1 us in I8.*iG, apostles for Old Abe spring* up in every school-house and workshop. Thinking that many "of your readers would be glad to see a ray of light froni a dark comer, I have penned the abovaiP. Lord, 69; Clifford, 44: Lemuel Shaw, (late C.Candidates " in this morniog's,''TKIBUSJB you omit the>united with Austria, but j that her national and statesmen Napoleon, not being orthodox, sees constitutional aspirations ought to be satisfied; that further than Palmerston. The common run of Posen cannot be allowed t<> be separated from Ger- statesmen and politicians in Europe are like themany; that Prussia is to tike the lead of Germany common run of statesmen and politicians with us. in the esse of Schleswig-Hoistein; that the consti- How many of our old-fashioned, respectable politi?tutionofHesse istober<jEstablished,andthatall cians;"fouryearsago,cameuptoorcould take inGermany should unite for jthe. common defense in the sense of the.groat popula r movement of Freedom war and diplomacy under the leadership of Prussia. against Slavery ? The regular practitioners in poli- The platform! will be as li >erai as a German can tics, or medicine,'or theology, all the world over, be, but neither the Bund mans nor the Poles, are all alike: clin.'i to the old formulas, and deny »either the Prussian. Cabinet nor the German the circulation of the Mood; insist that their patients Princes, will care for it, and moat probably the greafc- should die by prescription rather than get well by majority of l!he delegates to the •Convention will cures not laid down in the dispensary. Half the mrffer persecution from tn<,Napoleon, for the moment'really,* would, preferpeace on account of his politico-economical schemes, find some one who loves music. Nor should we in promiscuous crowd that collected hastily abont him» which need peace for their dCvelopement; that the anywjee object to their company, for art is demo- ditor. Isaac Davis "of Worcester and Charles His exposition of the beauties of Bell and EverettEastern and Italian questions can not be diplomati- cratic as wetf as religion, and we should prefer the Heebner of Lee were nominated for Electors at was heard with some impatience, but respectfully, and cally solved is a pretty general belief. Your own presence of the humblest, enjoyiog'music, to the Large. Nothing else of interest occurred at this after speaking half an hour; he proposed to test thecorrespondent's non-opinion is that. for the next empty seat that would seeaa to represent an empty Convention. month war will be confinedto Italy; and that, with- head.inthecomingtwelvemonths,Italywillbefreetothe Alps, or that Napoleon will be obliged to bo fighting iwith King Garibaldi for the attainment of that iwished-for consummation. ,8jM' IMl•••«£fapie#, and a regiment o * rifles on board of them, umns of T H E TRIBUNE. If you do not give the en-is tite centre of the annej atioriwt movement, and 'tirt'text you will doabtless make room for a faithfulinsists upon r&stantaneoQS satisfaction for. th* analysis of it. Its importance deserves such atten-•"infamous assault," as h»;styles it, upon four Sar- tion. The speaker is one of the very few French-bat, the idea of «a European defensive coalitionagainst France. And yet the sub-soil fact, so to- Guard,underthecryof .'Downwith the Consti-•* totion! Hurrah for the: King.'" was repressed bywhole,the ablest defense ofthat policy.that has yet got to print. It is one-sided, of course; itdoubtwhether tobreak out into melancholyguf- faws or cheerful weeping—win n one comes tc^hinkthe inhabitants, who sul isequently proclaimed the ^ften limps in its argument, tend halts and jumps inDictatorship of Garibaldi and established a Provia-- its logic; but thoughtful readers who are not one-ional Government. At Bari, and several other sided (if there be any such), and wlio are emanci-places, agrarian outrages are the order of, the day; pated from the prejudiced stupidity that, makes alland in the Bay of Naples the navy refuses-to fight Napoleonic policy, wrong simply because it is Na-against Italians—several sea-captains resigning poleonic, will agree with the speaker that Napoleon their commissions and having for Sicily: others was not (as no one man ever has been, or in similar1necking a refuse on board of the Sardinian frigates.The old Ministers of the; late King Bomba—Filan- giexi, Duke of Satri3no,and Nunziante, Duke ofcases, by possibility- can be) 'the author of the Crimean war, still less of the Italian war of last year. That in those wars the Napoleonic "policy was eminently the French national policy, is alsoMignano—exiled by the lew Cabinet, turn revolu- clearly enough presented. The singular and limp- tionists: while the foreign hirelings at Portia, Gaeta,not one single one, who dares come out and sayLet this be borne in mind, that no eminent English new form of discipline. Finally their turn also 1855, he expressed the greatest surprise. He recol- was made on the Inviueibles; and Chestnut fetreet pre-by a Sardinian movement, or by the landing ofCrimean war, and that the Italians by their owncould not be convinced that he was beaten for the the din \va^ heard the voice of John Sherman demand- chance), he would get no more support from Lon- It was generally' thought, on reflection, that the Legislature until nearly six weeks after the Legis- ing order and a fair hearing. The Invincibles stack don than from Vienna. usual h:ggledy:piggledy arrangement was on the lature met, and even now he is occasionally seen bravely to their posts, and after order was jjiirtialjy i Louis Napoleon will not give up Savoy and Nice, whole more agreeable. The greedy keep each other' fumbling for his certificate. It is no wonder that restored, Mr. Sherman *#8in commenced to spiak, andof course. The British Cabinet disapprove of the tolerably in check, and the married ladies can take men of this stamp think their ticket has a chance. agn in was interrupted by yelis and cheers. JBut de-care of their own wants without the intervention"of "lock and key. But the intention was, no doubt,deeply benevolent.Last week brought also a dinner; given by four who has always had an itching for political life, but book, cVc. until the crowd was at. last, vanquished, bo-Vf ry creamy gentlemen to a select party of ladies, who was supposed to be laid on the topmost shelf came perfectly orderly, and heard him ouietly for aat the Atlantic House. Cook brought from New- of retirement when Gov. Clifford appointed him quarter of an hour, wb>n he retired, amiu loud cheerUYork on purpose;' Mrs. Douglas present—all man- Judge. He received 3:J5 votes out of 86:), on the arid no grosDS. Af'F'r this sc ne was over, Mr. Mandyner of magnificences—hop afterward, and home at first "ballot. Eraatus B. Bigelow, the rich carpet atjd Col. Seymour, two' of the most prominent Bell two in the morning. From thesehints your imagin- ar d Everett leaders here, cacoe to Mr. Sherman's rx>mtgaribaldi's volunteers, i instria is alarmed by the fault are risking the independence that France has downfall of a King by thf i; grace of God, and pre- secured to them, by violating the' principle of non-pares for war. The garrisons of the Venetian intervention which is-its guaranty; but he asserts fortresses are increased, j The Italian army has his belief that the Eastern Question and the Italian ; Question are nevertheless, by virtue of the treatyclaring bis purpose to fight for free-speech in Philadel- phia and to stand there and talk all night, until ha should be heard, be boldly persisted in addMsei^ff the 'of Government are in a few days to recommence atVienna, and cannot fail to. lead to the most important result5!. The Emptor is pretty much in the ;position ofijhe King of Sanies. If he .yields, hedisorganizes ! the present 1 Administration, without few years I have, and for months have had noat all, much more to have the place swept and gar- nished for our reception. Instead of mirrors, there were beautiful, clear pictures, and misty outlinedbut I have read it; and I am familiar with Mr. The incident is a trivial one. but as showing the pop- Stevenson's style, so I do not regret that I was not- ular movement equally significant, I tln'nk, with ac-*• weal pies orirabbit pies," to Barmecide feasts, to multitude came out to see his progress through thesupremCst and most concentrated of human refresh- ments. You are exhausted, could not eat a dinner if you had one, yet a teaspooniul of generous Ma- deira shall set you up, and with its tingling medica tion reach the innermost point of vitality. So is it with-the product ofjim bard. A line, of Horace, a.La Puis & (a Marengo, 4Xc. ('ome to the facts.• The General: Councils are bo«iies of men who ' as- would have received as much applause. As a Na-semble at fhis time of year etch of the Depart- poleonic demonstration the Lyons business was not ments of France, one Of whoseUbiefest functions is a success.to listen, at the opening of their annual sessions, tothe inaugural speeches of thejr rospeetivo Presi- If I was writing a sensation article, instead of aqueatly he puts confidence into confides. Oonse>them—that he has against this coalition; that is, to show the folly, thewhicb Ke Majesty gave the keynote at Lyons, Tesdy to press Au«Via-to its1 bosom, oblivious of old dirges, its psalmody,; and its watf. It .teaves thethese factions together, but the chances are-against; it; The knowing ones see that it is only a waste of timeandenergy,fortheRepublicanscanbeatthem- unitedaseasilyasdivided. TheRepublicans-are now getting ibto excellent condition, and are organ,THE STATE OF EUROPE w £ S was p r » e d V the axfcrle m the Ctnsia* services rendered and 0|a ingratitude.OKOw»CwrwponJw»l•TuB>5r, Aag. 29, I860. !flbe anarchy at Naples is complete. The Qaeen 3fcwig*r conspires witx the Royal Guards, at {beta, to place her so*j the Coeat of Traiii, on fee tbrone. The Count *{ Aqoila, uncle to the King, fcad organized a rea/rtioofcry plot at Naples, for his m regency, hot the Cabinet found him out and Ascoveredhissecretars<nal,and,senthimtoEn- gland.' The Kisg is helpless, bat refuses to sign the Aecre*-* presented to "hin by the Ministers. The French Embassador now claims an indemnity for the outrage to which he was subjected, one month ago, and for the destructi on of French property atPalermo; Count Villamaiina, the Sardinian Em->Msador, supported by t vo frigates in the Bay of last Monday." It is very long; would fill ten col- show the unreasonableness, rather than to com-hfart greater, and the suffering less. Wherefore I rorrimend and leave it, keepinga copy, however, alwaysbesideme. /:• 'thmnd of which I spokelastweek. Individuals,Presidents, and otters embroider the commontheme with variations, listening to which the atten-tive ear catches, now a note of Partant pour la a possibility. ' No matter what John Bull blusters Syrie. now of the Marseillaise ev^n—here a some- at>d Je»K Oxapaud rhodomontades—there not being thing like God t\tfotker" the Queen of England, and afartVjUg, not a centime, to chose between the cor-•>'•.'•••''*'•'. !•'•';from oturOva Correspondent. . Ithere like the castrated wail of the Roman Miserer<% Of the variations, presently, if time serves.respondent torn-fooleries of this " geminy of baboons" —ttie practical common sense, of which the French brive their full share, of the two peoples will teachThere was a great ball last week at the grandestThe most noticed and notable of all these epeodiesisthatof Persigny, the French Minister at the C'»iirt either that their material prosperity and politicalwould'not suppose so from the brilliant red intowhich it has blossomed. Its dimensions are pala- pected, but it did cot take place. I am informed l think Lincoln's vote will be over 100,000, an/I*of St. James, who left his post there two weeksago, in time to have interviews with the. Emperorsalvationdependsontheirunion. Georgianf>olsai.d Connecticut fools may not love each other; buttial;situationfirst-rate.Itis-justinthewaywhere longing eyes are sure to pass, and so far thirteen Electors, the Governor, Lieut.-Governor, probably exceed 170,000.at Paris or St. Cloud some days before the depart- neither will go insane enough to really desire dis-ure of the latter on Jiis stumping tour through union, and if they dp, enough common sense will boSouth-Eastern France and the newly annexed Dis- left in'cither party to prevent the definitive rupture.back from the road that one can only see it is. Woshould be extremely satisfied to receive our friends eral, and were willing to concede to the Douglasites inated for Associate Judge of the Supremo Court; in the porter's lodge of this establishment. A per- the rest—that is, the privilege of voting for the m place of Judge /igelow, promoted; and will oannexation, of course—and talk about the treaties .new , re« nforceinent«, aiid Tyrol and Carriiolia of Paris and of the Villafranca and Zurich treaties, of 1815, whose stipulations have been violated m'oreBut let me tell you of the nominations. TheDouglas men came near nominating, for Governor,the Hon. Pliny Merrick, of the Supreme Court, crowd below^ answeriog qneetione about'the Helperswarm with soldiers read) to take the hold at a few become secondary questions and fallen quite within directly and openly by every other one of the par- hou r« notice. the domain and control of diplomacy. To showThe press of Northern Germany is seriously of M. de Persigny's discourse'in fhese respects alarmed by the engageme; its entered into at Teplitzby the"Prince Eegent of j'ruswia. but in southern would be a waste-of time and of paper. Any one whocourse; and will not lift a finger »to secure to Switzerland the rights assured to her by said trea- ties, of course. Gammon is- gammon, and bosh isnot the weakness but the direct self-contradiction ticipants than by France, previous to 1859, ofGermany even the Liberi Is are Austrian**, though, at ah interests himself in the matter,- would regard his prophet."to savo appearances, they continually advise Francis such demonstration as essentially supererogatory. And to-think that there are men still extant who Joseph to come to term * with Hungary, and to For the rest* let not such an one' nor any one suppose themselves intelligent and offer in way" ofsecret of Napoleon's success is that he is not afraid of being a quack. But this is wandering somewhat.Oi;r latest news from the East shows that, under Western pressure, the late murders and favorers of murders in Syria are getting signally punished; that the radical rancunc of Mussulmans against nominal.Christians exists as virulent as ever;-thatglorified faces—yes, for he glorifies every face he list of Vice-Presidents and Committees presents*an mechanic proposed 'three for the working miu's friend* touches—the unworthy, the commonplace could not array of old Whig names quite refreshing to see. •' Honest Old Abe " and they we/e given with a will, desecrate his pencil, for he does not see them, and Here, and there a Know-Nothing was allowed to that naried the neighborhood, and repeated in " three never paints them. This studio is no place of com- obtrude his head among the respectabilities, but- " times three'' in the same style. The medicine man mon resort, no neutral ground lor chatting and flir- good care was taken to surround him with-the collapsed saving that " some proph' tcould.be damnably tations. The artist feels a presence there which " well-judging" Classes, as The Courier calls *' deceived next election,"' and that he had been told, keeps such filings far off. and his household deities them. The Convention proceeded to refresh that /lie: straight Fillmore men \qf '56, to lohomhcTopassfrom newspaperarticlesto rationalpro- babilities.Nocoalitionexists.Itsfutureexistence is a possibility. England's pat'tic3pati<tn in it is notWWmcou'd not be no...' agair st the righta J&T.McRae wa* was. Why, said jDOSt any awgree-i out. .Old John A Maryland and V neeefMiry to thetboagbt mat we c by treeing.them? negro eonuxanity. g^xcatsoa, Tno • at the 8outh con < flict," and the t greatimpoverish'•SupposeaPf« power with the W mgU8, would it got the control ot McBaerorwofcfd Sou'h sb^nld re»o has a doafcfe-barr, -with a drawn «v< and mort«ny wo Mr. FUImore bim thatihoebctioe< aDd that neither r* jmit to a partly jse< cause of nis boji 'John Bell f&. tbiiJcs tba< a Va.!••» yefedTtf;e history «n pie of thia oounrr• refuted the doerrjre tempt tucb a thing] He bad always rei cent menaces to tt;« speeches convinee pirate pofidcaf ^» Mr. Dougjaa wool^nodon^tMr. M< li>Mr. McRae,tare) the example of 3' if ' strong DingUa m were different: H offered his'servieH) interests of A\>y 1Jdisposition to eeii: on,'andtbatbe*^aAs for th* B«5tl^t John Bell is not ••* Fillmore was. ar;ldo nothing. The j ana Lm«'olo. 1 ••>* ©kction of the L< ;e nitioni nor lire in tj *He iinew Johii I <flever man, no w M thatb<i.h?de?tr7% ijng evep thing to 1. oonceejeion onlV ma had eaisctioned &^o By voting lor the M t«r coD6tnavion. G down the Missor ri jaiee W'nld cot t -e" stead of stopping ai be (CliDgiDaa) ttioii thns violated eboukscsr^d of the Ah »! them against the i> any favor with toe the State organic i break it up. Why Everybo<*ykn-w11 in North'Carolina,' BOmuch tak*o from nent of John Btlf«For hia own part ••despair of tbe Kept ' on the side of the ctaiiueflltbrcugh whof 1be country, M^pojrty. j v'••••••"—" A Casual Ob; .a letter, which was it Was said that the wood, Middlesex' C jflag, and wore then purchase a Bell andsg that the game respondent als > sarocd Repuhhcana iascalledon:a1 oxtracts are m;«.i.e.18<i0:4< The writer v. is . Lincoln and Ham ltdaod; indeed, itWa's was not burned by itonfireisnot-%v< andEvtrett.-Secoo a Bell and Everett b another banner for Land will have it Up 4ihtirs boi&ted. As Itir respective, govern-ThedebatesofthereenfircedAustrianCouncil •Theprominentfeatureofallthenumberless(allPalmerston'sadmirationofTurkishreforms,laughter.ItwasverygoodofhimtoletusinthereStevenson. Idietnothearthisspeech.,-andwhov-crenumeroushfresteer{',nowallforBell.meftts.«f Empire upon the reconstruction of the sjstem .speeches delivered within the past ten days is their and clever Mr. Kinglake's foolish talk of Frenchpacific feature. The significance of this feature is •marked muskets, in qualification notwithstanding,)immensely lightened by the fact that they are in a sort edited by Louis Napoleon.counts of lar^e mass meetings that have been duly ad- of Walt Whitman's poetry, being split upinto para- vertised. Lincoln has a peculiar hold on the 'masses, graphs of three or four lines each. Mr. Stevenson's and the crowd referred to collected*, as it was, by an,elocution is a combination of the style of Demos* accident, is one of the many proofs of the fact.thenes, and of the pedestrian who does the thousand A notion-merchant in our borough has sold upward" miles in a thousand hours; I forget his name. ...He of 3,300 Lincoln aud Hamlin medals and badges with-in the last three months, while in the same space of paces vehemently back and forth, on th<^ platform, tirtc he has sold but 325 of all other kiuda put together. and swings his armswildly. For all that, he is an Another trivial matter, but occurring as these thingseffective speaker, and if he had sense enough. to do in one of the strongest Democratic communities mthink and act for himself, and not as Mr. Webster the State, they portend the incoming'of a sounder po-told him, would have become a successful politician. liticalhiith. vVedo not despair of the Old Tenth Le-His speech, compares very favorably, for strength gion. In townships such as Lehigh and Saucon, wher© and compactness, with any which have been made Republican meetings in 185b' were like prayer meetingsin behalf of the .stool-pigeon -ticket. After it .was of the earlvCbristsian8 in numbers, .we have-now largeThat the man really desires peace for the nextnow pressing imperatively for a practical decision. Not at all malapropos of these political gravities is to be noticed one of the prize themes of poetry, offered by the French Academy for next year's competition:," l,1stlime dc Suez;" the prize is' agold medal worth %000 francs.Despite the shooting and hangingof some hundred,more or less, of murderous soundreis at Damascus, the nominal Christians residing within the nominal sway of the Sublime Porto are anything but as- sured of peace and tolerance. In respect of Turk- ish affairs, we are evidently come not to the com- mencement, but to the continuation of theend.•Hungary.is getting on bravely; not misled-by the slippery, false promises of Francis Joseph into irrational confidence—not misled by uncalcnlatiug zeal into irrational'lnsurrection—she steadily keeps the upper hand of Francis Joseph, who is in a ter-confusion like that of a poet's dream. Ancient bro- cades and tapestries were hung wherever adorn- ment was needed—seats, were ^arranged in Italian fashion, all around the four sides of the room. In the middle, however got there, stood the Steinway.As for the company, it might have been called " la',crcine de la Bulthne"' but not the Bohemia with one good moment for twenty bad ones, smellingof spirits, with a flash waistcoat, concealing rags, debts,'anil bad morals. This was the Bohemia of true elegance, taste, and mind. Fashion was. pre- sent, but not as fashion—as the pupil of art one could bid it welcome, otherwise,.the less the better. And Miss Cushman sang: " Mary, call the cattle home," and made us all cry; then she sang " Father Malloy," and made us -all laugh. And. somebody else' sang German and English ballads, with a rare charm of-expression, and conversation came be- tween, frank, bright/and familiar, such as is fit to link sweet songs together. " A r t we in Rome?"being able to inspire eori idence with the people. If he persists in his eentra izing despotism, h»: may «6on see a rising in Hungar7. He trusts, however, now in the revival of the old Holy Alliance. Having come to an ur»derstandin|; with Prussia, there is some hope fojr him that Czjr Alexander may yield to the German party, dis}biss Prince Gorcnakoff, and ally himself once more \\ ith Prussia and Austria. T w o n-onths ago such a col$l'ition against Napoleon was very probable, but ej •nts in* Syria prevented its accomphsbment. Nowj again, Prince Gorcha- koflTs star i<5 in the wane, an< Alexander spcak.s pub- licly of hw dear brother, th«.; Emperor of Austria.FEAK E.K/oia Oar Own Corre«?«ndeat.JRIS, Aug. :>1, 1KJ0.Now is the Feast of Speed ies in France. It was revolution of which,-unier curiously altered forms, to-guide him. he is the fatal representative.opened last week by the Em >eror and the authori-ties at Dijon, in little speech, strophe andanti- Europe is. not on the eve of but, already enteredstrophe, to which thi^ week is added, by way of into a great .revolution. In fact, we are but con-,epode the full chorus of the ipeeches of the Presi- tinning the movement of 'ISIS, resuming it. swollenand e« mplicated by the Eastern and Italian side dents of the Councils-GeneraL If any of your currents.readers suppose that ,: stumping of it" and Bun- What the orthodox powers specially.feariis Louis combe are among the peculiar institutions of our Napoleon's independent position and the tradition- country, their national va iity .misleads them. all)' revolutionary drift of France. Louis NapoleonA/onis Nhpoleon, pe.r nc acdjj ;r alios, is stumping is no more a frirad to human rights and free uation- alitj than Francis Joseph, but he.has the immeasu-ful, re»ts not so much on. proof of what this man rible to do betwixt, yielding" and resisting, the poorhas. 'done as on the souvenirs of the old Frenchyoung man having no instinctive pluck or generosityTo the Editor of The A*. Y. Tribune,SIR: In your review of.'" Democratic CoDgrossiouatI -need not tell the student of current history thatJ., and a Republican), 31; Levi Lincoln, 19, and most p( pular candidate iu the Fifth District, Joha several other octogenarians half a oozen to a dozen Duily of the Seventh Ward. John Duffy has residedincompatibilities between things that presuppose each other. How can I find rnyselfat dinner, ball, and concert, and at'ihe same tiaic.sit here iu pa- tient solitude, .describing these scenes to you? How can I describe-unlcss .1 see thorn, and, seeing them, what else can I do. For yon would never believe, Tn.uirj.VE, how much time all these things take Up. The preparation, tlie dressing, and the fatigue, occupy so large a pattern that it would be, difficult to cut anything else out of the twenty-four hours except, little eccentricthat his reception at Lyons the other, day was any- broken conversation, and a' line at a. time priateness—and provokes aUagf 01 to Sam Welier's thing but enthusiastic. Undoubtedly an immense of some good'poet. For poetry is, like wine, theor of vengeance, mistaking its victim. No dust of Governor; Thomas Parsons of Brookline, a nephew of Repreeehtativee after his present term. As to the ..wicked old Emperors "corrupts the very bosom of. of the old Chief-Justice, for Secretary; Samuel A. popularity of McCo'nnoll, the r*<*ipient of Custom. the* ancient Mother, and makes 'their vices, like Eliot for Treasu/er, J. Henry 1.till of Worcester Rouse, favors at the hands of Wijllani .15. Maday, snuff, titillant irijthe nostrils* of living men. That tor Auditor, and Henry Morris, ex-Judge of the C. " George Law's Congressman," why, any unpretend- ing working man with a fair chara'cftf can whip hint The molder'mg jbones of these Hebrews can only- like Mr. Goodrich, the Republican candidate for round the stump, and we dare Tammany Hal to nomi-all over the French district, wfcile all Europe ise. The snbjitheir ob?bctive Buhcom'oe. subjective Bun-rable advantage of Francis Joseph of being free of traditional entanglements, and of being capable- atis Rome. This is Newport, sweet, living Newport: C. Pleas,, for Attorney-General. Mr. Dickinson was.combe of theJrj discourses is IJErnjnrr c^t.$t la Pair., any moment of putting himself; at the bead of the the oM Bordeaux ragout Of I85S, warmed over, revolutionary movement, that is, at the head of therehashed, served up with' viirious'sauces (no'; to Fren#h popularor national idea the moment that itbreed thrift and psalmOdy. These streets lead to harmless homes and sincere temples. These palaces hand down no inheritance of crime. This sweet moon looks down upon none but the natural, inevita- ble'sorrowsV humanity, no one of which is without its.consolation. This is Newport, the nurse and cure-all of our harsh continent. And ye choice spirits who made the Artist's Rome keep together in sympathy when ye cannot in presence; do not loosen too carelessly the loving links of such an hour as thi*. If you will, you ann make the Artist's Rome and the Artist's Home everywhere. -Lieutenant-Governor/a Whig Member of Congress nate-hun. ' | "when the Nebraska bill was passed.! They wen -Alderman John Russell is not. a candidate, and the both.wrongfully thrown out by the Knoi' Nothings. others named' do n?t,deserverin connection with thesay disgui&ed^ to suit supj)Oi<ed tasres of native is engaged again.-t-Europe.Note here that Louis Napoleon Bonaparte hasmatter a pasting notice. ,'Kely upon it that John Duffy is the strongest Democratic.'candidate in the Fifth Die* trict, and the.result will prove the fact.jgeese or fo*ei^n guilder*, set made no remarkable gain of late in the French pop- hero and therei, and no end of oil" %vith side dishesThe ticket is an inoffensive one, but, it remains in the field, will not come within 50,000 votes of an election. Mr. Lawrence will probably be persuaded to disburse a lew thousands Of dollars into the hands- of Saltonstall and Warren, for *'the good of the cause," aud will never see the color of his money again, or any equivalent for if. No matter, lie has got enough, and ho loves the'Union Re .well" ii will be a pleasure to him to have the credit of help- ing to save it. He is so good natured, and so de- sirous of standing well with everybody, that I have'—. But this j kitchen metapltoih'tghnreiataecncsordtoingratno uiar approvals. J have it on curiously better au-. into cor»fusionf-an apt index, ] erhapsi of its appro- thority than the official reports of the Moniteur, fragments of tinie fit only for the mostKespectfuilv, .Ketc-Yprk,'ii<ij>Uim\>erl2,I860.•A VOTER.streets: but any other reed shaken by the .winddents, who are appointed direct fy by the Emperor simple reporter's letter, I would head it: " TM verse of Tennyson, will give .you re-creation when By the arrival oftho brig Jnlia Ford, Capt. Sibert,coln, if the Republicans should ask him so to do. Ro is, on^thewhole, the. greatest curiosity, in the way of politics, that we have— our" Boston " What; is I t ? " • 1 he Electoral ticket consists of Levi Lin- coln and Marshall P . Wilder, J. T. Stevenson? Joseph Crinnerl, 'Osmyn Baker, Win. G. Bates, Nathaniel Silsbce, and other old Whigs, only one Iv.'N. being allowed' on it, viz.,.Mr. Wilder."The Breckinridge Convention numbered over 5(h)delegates, and was spirited and plucky Our oldEuropean Coalition Against France"—the de- rThese P>egidents are of ccjlpce"men in whose fensive coalition, of course.you feel yourself as empty as a sponge in its inverted function. Browning is good,, if yen gel the right thing, but not. one of his long excursions, with whole deserts of'metaphysics in it. . Of Mrs.which sailed from St. Kitts August % we learn that the health of the Island was very good, and ha J beenTheir inaugural addressea genejally, and this, year against what? Against. France? Mais mon Dim! anything but Aurora Leigh. Yet if possible,-get During the stay of Capt, S. the weather was very flue.in particular, have nothiog to <t> with the special France is peace itself—longs for, hopes for, believes Tennyson, and of Tennyson, In Memoriam' is the On the'iiOrli August the schooner Southern Star ofinterests'of the Department ovei whose council they in, dotes on peace. . ' ripest and the sweetest vintage. • Wo have pas- Elizabeth City, N. C, touched to try the market withjpolitiral fidelity his Majesty fuS The drift of all the official speech-making i.*so all.the season.confidence in them, or they in 1im, does not follow;.- futility, of a coalition. Coalition against whom? Browning, the same.holds good, or, shall we say, tion of the Cape was considcrc-d very prosperous.preside. They treat of the Emporor's policy, The annexation of Savoy and Nice has excited sionate bursts of grief enough. All our. poota cry.a cargo of shingles,and sailed the following day for the•" %./So sitting quiet here, where I must sit to wnte.to you, I strive to call up all eonvenirs and .hearsay that can amuse you, doubtful of the last, and not over rich in the former; _.tricts of Savoy and Nice, and then went on to St. To resume b»iefly the official speech-making of 4nanent abode there would not be undesirable. At ticket. Another account represents that tbey were course be confirmed by the Council. Mr. ChapmanEticnne, where he delivered his inaugural discourse the past ten days: its prominent aim has been tothe hour of morning calls, one sees stately carriages willing to concede some of the minor/ officers, but is a rare instance of a conservative who ha« become standing before it, but meeting elsewhere the queen insisted oh the Governor and the Electors at any more liberal as he has grown older. He » a sound who rules within it, one finds her sweet and simple rate. The Douglasites, showing themselves to be lawyer and a vory honest man, I believe, but his in aspect. Her fete was gorgeous, of course. , The superior in numbers to the Bell men, respectfully education will keep him in tb^ old track as aUudge. internal magnificence corresponds to' the external. declined these offers. Y ou, will hardly believe me On the whole, Gov. Banks, who has generally madespeak, is permanent, justifying in a sort the sus-picion of all divine:right Powers toward France.. So keen was the interest to view the apartments, when I say that one cause of the failure of thedinian rifle-rangers, by a &and of royal soldiers, in men of mark to-day, m whom the Empeor can haveconfidence, and who may well be supposed to be-in reformation and revolution in Europe. What the the young ladies found themselves in a position of that they'could carry the State alone ! I have met, it is difficult, perhaps, .to say how he could havethe streets of th« Capital. Andtheuews of Gari- secondary aitraction, and did not vote it a good one or two lunatics of this sort within a week. done better. Mr. Chapman has been nominated by• • .' •iau heightened the const sroation and confusion to In that at least his sincerity is proved by facts long Napoleon, however unwilling, is perfectly, capable For such a house, y<*u need the repose and dignity ber somewhat. Mr. George. T. Curtis,such a pitch, that the King has seriously requested antecedent to 1852. The important posts he has of donning on his head, bald as yet of the imperial of Spanish or at least of European manners. The in reply to a letter of congratulation and JOHN SHERMAN.IN PHILADELPHIA. the foreign Embassadors to declare Naples neutral, since filled sufficiently prove the sincerity of Napo- round of sovereignty, the Phrygian cap of liberty, Yankee girls are too pert and personal. When I inquiry from one Watkins of Tennessee, expressed Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune. ' ' andtoforbidGaribalditoadvanceagainstthe leon'sfaithinhim.Pertigny'sspeech,then,atSt*andputtinghimselfattheheadofthethoroughly seethemtrampingaboutherewiththeirwidecircles theopinionthatif/theDouglasiteswouldsupport •PHILADELPHIA,Sept.13,18C0.baldi's landing in Calabria, and of the fall of the for- his confidence. Whatever else may be thought of divine-right Powers have to fear is that Louis Na the Republicans for Elector at large, and has ae-fPersigny, i, norance of historical facts alone can poleon will be able to retain his place as Ensign time. A certain solemn Spanish state imposed, Before the Maine election they were quite com.tress of Keggio, after a short fight of only five hours, doubt the sincerity of tbefman's fidelity to Napoleon. of France. Let worse come to worst and Louis per haps, upon the freshness of* their blooming spirits. men; that event has diminished their num- epted.city. As to the army i i is completely disorgan- Etienne may be considered as editedby the Empe- ised. Two- brigades, Melendez and Briganti, ror. Whether it expresses his Majesty's opinions of together 11,000 men strong, surrendered at the present state'and imminent future of Europe, is discretion to Cosenz. ATother brigade, sent from an open question; that it expresses the opinions Naples to Calabria, slouted, as soon as th*y which his Majesty would have pass for his, is not atwachedEboli, " Viva OiribaUir'&nd. refused to all a question.n a r c h further. A t Pot«nza and at Eoggia the at-. This discourse is almost entirely taken up with atempt of the reactionist* to disarm the National defense of Napoleon's foreign policy, and is, on thepopu'ar movement. For the rest " twice sad sim- and military hats, the. b'asquiue higliteriing their the Bell candidate for Governor, he Would be That ncbJe charopioD of KfpnblicanHm, John Sher- plicity'7 itself must be alive to the pressing truth man like effect, I ask myself whether the gentle of chosen. Mr. Curtis believer, what it is pleasant for man, spoke here last everiiog. 8t National Hall, to 9that 1860 is but the continuation of 1848; I migafc the other sex are safe in their coropaoy; whether a bim to believe. If The National. Intelligencer tells rjioet attentive and orderly aam'eDce of from 3,500 to perhaps better say the 'resumption. modest youth might not be in danger of. a cuff or a him that he is the greatest constitutional lawyer, 4,000 perrons. His speech was. sound, conservative,Monsieur de Persigny's expressed faith in the cening on the first symptom of disobedience to their and the liveliest writer of the English language now and unanswerable. The Republican Invincible, inword of command. But the ball had another fea-existing; that his refusal to take a-fee of $10 for nnifonn, occupied the platform, and presented afino• sending 3Tom Sims into Slavery is equaled iu mag- appearance. Mr, Sherman's pretence was greetedK*JWJjncAL IWTEIXI6ENCE. .MASSACHUSETTS POLITICS.B06TON Sept. 13, 1860. , izmg thoroughly in every city and town, Mr. The Douglas men met yesterday at Springfield;, Andrew s bold spirited, buoyant, defiant speeche* the B'eckinridge men at Boston, and very appro- have inspired them with great enthusiasm, and the priately, the Go-Betweens, or Bell and Everett Ratification Meeting at the Music Hall, on Tuesday house in Newport. Guano built it, though you men, at an iutermediate point—Worcester. A night, overflowed into the street and upon tho fusion of the Douglas arjd Boll parties was ex- Lommon and was the Target meeting since 1840-power of diplomacy to arrange satisfactorily all fu-ture troubles in Europe, becomes gigantically laugh- ture; three suppers were served, and those whoable and lamentable—to that degree that one is in enjoyed them were rigorously divided into three vnaminity by nothing in Plutarch's pages, and that with de&fein'ng cheers laotu.gfor several minutes, andparties. Eirst, the married ladieswereseated at the legal profession throughout the country bis.teliiDgpointswerefullyappreciatedandlondlyap- table and the doors locked^,This afforded an excel- are indignant because Governor Banks didlent opportunity to any Don Giovanni to run off not appoint him Chief Justice, in place of Lemuel plauded by hie audience, who were nearly all^ated\ of the facta in Jhe case. To-day, one of the first with their daughters, and they seem to have been Shaw, he believes it all—it is pleasant, to him. But and prepared to listen calmly. The whole meetingPowers in Europe is an ex-tallow chaadler of Staten uneasy in the separation. Soup, fish, and all the he knows no more about the opinions and purposes \v«s a decided success.Island. - There is not a sovereign, nor a first-class successions of a solid meal were served, to be After the meeting wae over, ths Invincibles pro-diplomat, or Prime Minister, of all Europe, who digested when and as it might be possible. The of the people of Massachusetts than a Digger In- ceeded to the Continental Hotel and serenaded Mr*does not wait, in timid expectation, on the steps of married ladies having undergone refection, doors dian. W e have any quantity of such intense ego- Sherman, who appeared upon the hotel balcony iaJoseph Garibaldi—not one of them, Palmerston as were unlocked, and maidenhood was now admitted tists; some of them are woree than Curtis'. . I am company with Mr. Ricbe. the President of the Invin-little as Napoleon, who does not wish the man dead, to victuals. But the young men might not eat nor told that an old Whig ex-officeholder, getting short cibles, who introduced him with a few telling words.and not one of them who dares say so.. All Eu- drink. The line of Milton no doubt suggested itself of pocket money, went to the State House the other Mr. Sherman commenced to 8pe*k, but was inter-day to draw his salary, which ho said had been rupted -y tbonts and cheers for Bell and Everett* running for nearly six years. ' H e thought he The noife for some time was absolutely deaf^nirig. Yells of the ('eal or supposed) Bell men, mingled withtand Capua, openly say that they are waiting only the primary purpose of the war has been fully at- jf>rthe word of com.ii.anc to fall upon Naples, and tained. Here-he falls into the most illogical op- to plunder and sack th<5 town. Every day we timism. He admits that the Ottoman Empire isexpect to hear of the ovei throw of the King, either exposed to imminent dismemberment, 'despite theropean diplomacy is cowed before the simple, honestman; is dancing attendance upon the possibilities to them in this form: •of his success. And there is not a man of them," might as well take it up." And when the -Treas- cheers fcr Lincoln, and groans for Bell, in one grand It was only a question of time, yet we infer that urer told him he had nothing for bim, and reminded aecendirg chorns. The excitpd crowd swayed to and ingpartofPersigny'sargumentisthatinbothcases.?'Garibaldiisright,"of"Garibaldiiswrong."' theywereoutrageouslyhungryandangry,underthis himthathehadbeenturnedoutbyGardnerin frobetweentheGirard?ndContinental;anattackation can fill out, as mine does, as much glory of manufacturer and inventor; had 195, Isaac Davis of dieavowed the, rowdyism of the if reet crowd, and al- W orcester 155, Charles Thompson 79, and so on, leged that the trouble was principally caused by Breck- grantaconstitution toa1theEmpire.Earlyin overlooktheeminentlysensibleremarksofPersigny'prooftheirdisbeliefinNapoleonandtheirbeliefin plate,meat,andchampagneasiscompatiblewith downtoE/D.BeachandWhitingGriswold,who inridgemen.Mr.Curtis,somemonthssince,badhard September the "National Society,"^>rmed princi- bearing upon the Anglo-French allir.nce. The alli- Palmerston J My gracious! Have they forgotten human dignity and enjoyment—beyond that we need had 10 each,-and E. C. Bailey, who had two. It work, with the assistance of the Mayor and police,'toplomacy can furnish or withdraw; and exists in- "knows me, and when I affirm a thing he will be- Graever JohnsoD. W e always delight to praise thisdependent of diplomacy and- 0? foolish newspaper editors and foolish parliamentary talkers. The two nationsdonotandcannotloveeachother;buttheir leadersknowthattheirinterests,politicalaswellas material, bind tbem in community of action. Stu- pid as ihey are in many respects, Louis Napoleon and Palmerston, or any other leaders of .the'French and English States, have.on the whole brains enough' to see this. That they do not see more and more clearly is the fault of their profession >s orthodoxthat Mr. Beach, who had ten votes, be 110m- " lieve me.'" Which passage, by the way, in that lady, and also to hear her. We.are not at all. up ihated/by acclamation; and he wap. A funny wayaltogether remarkable and clover letter reminds me to the sublimity of self-sacrifice of some people of for a Democratic party to nominate a Governor, wonderfullyofMrs.Quickly: "Andtheboynever fashionwhomet us comingfromtheconcert,and"needunderstandanything:for'tisnotgoodthat yawnedout:"Oh!yousee,weallsubscribed,but wasitnot?CharlesThompsonhashisoldplace"children should know any wickedness; old folks, to go was too gweat abaw.". We couldn't help as Lieutenant-Governor, and will probably never Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune."you know, hare discretion, as they say, and know wishing to ask why, in that case, they did not treat" t h e world."thf ir coachman, housemaid, or whatever other do-' EASTO.V, Sept. 12,-1860.. A Bell and Everett emissary in the guise of a patent" They also sup who only stand uiid w&it."statesman has committed himself to' Garibaldi;that Palmerston has, done ho whit more for him tell—one imagines a terrible rush and a clean at the time, but did not credit it—" didn't think it torches were furiously blandished; men were knocked than Louis Napoleon, and that were the man to sweep, but not knowing, we can only hope that could be possible." Mr. George Lunt, it is said, down (by distinguished cricketer-t); gome were arrest- fail to-morrow (of which, happily, there is no repletion was obtained at whatever cost of patience. ed; the hubbub lasting perhapa ten mmates. Abovacame, whether with locked doors or not, we cannot h cted seeing some such rumor in the newspapersTo conclude: all official oVgans pipo to peace. mestic functionary was worthy, for if you search for Attorney-General; Isaac Adams of Boston forthe.traditional feud between Maronites and Druses are not to be disturbed by useless .talk or shallow itself with' a speech from Mr. J. Thomas had lectured under similar pay in that campaign.has little, to do with the main grave question be-tween Turkish barbarism and Western civilization, faces stretched themselves to peep at us from a fairpresent. The speech, as printed, resembles a jpageFROMNEWPORT.Corrc'poudence of The N. Y. Tribnne.NEWPORT, Sept. 6, I860.;mainly of his foreign policy, no 1 highly eulogisticthem this year is their optimis n, their accordant week iu to full this suspicion of French purpose of ble. But no one has ever set.to music the"-monoto- )and in deducing from that the <ontinued peaJfee of Well, with-all this official talk of peace, peoplo and becomes the warp of life, however the swiftEurope. Marshal Magnan, told the Cotm<-iloiv at can't or won't help thinking that a'general Europe- northern hemisphere showing vivid streaks of northern George Washington Warren of Charlesto^u for At-shtittle of circumstance'may fling in gay colors, lights, which were of a deep red hue. Tliey loetftd torney General, <fcc., & c , with Chester W . Chapin Strasbourg, the other day, tha; his Majesty had an war is among the imminent possibilities. M. that only make its somberness deeper. After vain- about, threo.houre. Capt. S. reports having, ou Sept. and Eben Sutton for Electors at large. In the eve-suspicion among the Germans and English; .the es- out when they are hurt, andone thinks they .some-wii-dward. It wan reported that iho nohooner Sarah,Abolition friend, Dr. Loving, of Salem, presidedGen. Butler was nominated f o r Governor, I>. A probftblv arise from the refusal oi any M W M 11 theand patriotic view, w h a t is cliefly noficeable in 8i ntial thijjg aimed at in all the speeches of this times pinch themselves to make the crying justifia- 40 days hence, had not arrived. On the evening ofpersonally assured him of his (h s Majesfy'rt) *•« firm Persigny may honestly think that everything now is ly trying to cure this sorrow with other things, wo*l determination to present p^.-a se.w Marshal Niel to be arranged _ diplomatically; but 10 the vulgarsaid to the Council-General of ill ?Haute Garonne: the Italian question and the Eastern question are high things of life belong 1o it—every great question N. N. E.I^-t us devote ourselves with COJ fidence to poace.Nii farther from diplomatic solution, and are pressing of how and wherefore. .When subsequent joys ap-ning Gen. Gushing and B. F.liaUctt. made speeches. The General was dismal enough. . Ho evidently has little or no hope of defeating Lincoln. Geu. Whit* rey, the Collector, on the other hand, told the Con-Black Beputdican to be tent from another secUoutolU-e'ovfr tbem* ' ., . ., ,. i n D K McRie era., who wws iu the audiejice,a?kea if he'was to underMaud Mr. Clingm«n to advocate or assert the right to'etop the wheels ot GoveuKueut, and thus produe« adi^solutJoo of me Union b/*he r.jidsal of S( utJ,<ru lueu take oili JC under i^uoolu, or to per^ mit any othersdoinji so. Mr. Clingmau stid be would atswer that presently, but iu ttio mean time ho wouldask Mr. McRae if he would take office under Lincoln, and be a party to'coeroiog the-Soufh.Mir.•MeBaedidnotseewhyheshouldnot. Ifhe did, however, Mr. Lincoln would understand that he...•'.:"'.•'•.•''-'-'•'wrore the-political horizon yn\ [disperse without sia are come almost to an entente runlmlr (if we are such a sorrow'as this. It has its marches, its age 52. Upward of MO,000 pereoxw attended hia fune-less give something to be sure of it. Somethingmaybedonebefore electiontobringittoitne-"That.isthecbmnwiairsungbyall,totobelieveone.schoolofjournalists),andRussiais ."*'"v,Cral;' -. Untitled Document.'••-..tiike it up, and let it unfold and cure itself. All thec9, in Int. n8 ', Ion. 73° \W, had a nevero gale from thelabors as the Emperor has jfwt advised u^ [11. fatally nearer to warlike solution, than any time pear, they'test themselves by its nobleness, and a-k —Karl Bold, ono of the.moat eminent performers of vention that he thought Breckinridge and LaneM 's Lyons speech]; the elQnmj that seem to »b- before in these past forty years. Austria and Prus- its leave to be. Jn Meunirium is the symphony of gipi-y-muric in Europe,, died at Debraossin, July'20, would be chosen by the people. lie would doubt-rise any higher. Samuel O. Lamb of Greenfield, a turned-out .Custom-House officer, is the candidate ',• . ; poli ical faith of his audieoce by askiug tbem to units, in three cheers for his ticket. Toey were given Baker, of faintly—his own voice being loudest—and amid given by the artist of the clear back-grounds and Northampton, formerly M. C , to preside, and tli^ir smothered hipsee. "When all was agiiu quiet, a ?oangAnd there was a party at thestudiowelove, The Belleveretts got Mr.Osmynyou are not in Rome—there are no spies in the- dark,corners of this studio—there are no beggars waitingin the streets, without, when you leave it, youwill go out into free and healthful air./ No poisonof distant marshes, condemned tq eternal sterility; party last year, had ono.vote. On the next ballot. in this city for more thau twenty years, and challengedMr, Lawrence had 523, Mr. Wilder 338, Mr. Lord a scrutiny of his acts whether a^i a citizen or Dem-144, Mr. Winthrop 120/ and so on, and ocrat. -? . . .Let me assure.you that " George Law's Congre.«s-'Mr, Lawrence was/nominated. Edward Dick- man " will have pe mi eion to represent the interest of to be for your sake. Yet there are often practical ways .upon youi iii the fierceness of greed, inson of Amherst was nominated for Lieutenant- Battery George somewhere else other than the HouseDKAK TRIBUNE, " I have forsaken gayeties ofno sigh .of the miserable, no'spasm from the over-charged heart of a -prison can comelate," and am less au co-urant of things than I ought hear the quiet of your homeward way. No assassin will spring from the shadowed door-FROM ST. KITTS.—NORTHERN LIGHTS AT SEA.— no doubt he would, oh the sly, give money for Lin-Much rail, had fallon, and the condi-each. George N. Briggs, the candidate of theCarpenter, P . M. of Greenfield, Lieut. Governor,sthat the managers on the Belleverett side demanded Andrews as large; and the whole vote will notSecretary, Treasurer, Auditor, and Attorney-Gen-.. Reuben A. Chapaan of Springfield has been nom-86n ed. the" spectacV of a free fight,. Wide-AwakoFROMTHETENTH LEGION OF PENNSYL- VANIA.as a voice from ^ O L D NORTHAMPTON, ANOTHER DEMOCRA TIC CANDIDA TE.'MIL CLING MAN -CA TECHISED.At a meeting in Raleigh,. N. C , on ths Gth inst., Senator Clingmaii declared himeelf in favor of Brock- imhjge and Lane, tlwugh not without, being subjected to rfiittle questioning. .We U\ke the. tolla wing accountof it from The Wilmington Journal:.The Hon. T. L. Cliugmsn avowed himself elsariyw;d unequivocally for Breckinridge axd Line. He< gave a bistorv of affairs' ai the North leadiug to the ditintegTution oftho old Whig party, and the resolving: of its ejemonts into the Blaek Kepubl can party. lie avowedMtrae his omniou that the Government couia not loiig be controlled»by' the Black Kepubheans with- out each a degrada'ion as the South oooldnot submit to. He knew Abraham Lwcom-knew him .to * 8 « obstinate, ignorant, ranatloal ma», an apostle of the irrnWible «.n«iO. In the case oi Liacoln being oboiU President, mere would either be reajstanoe oY eocial divii ion. The Issue might emly arise, and would-.%--- /I P*.'1 avaJ^Trirairv^-irtor-^V^;-!: ---^.;^ g •••-'•"-•-^j•••••• -••••_•Thomas M. Tryniski3S4reet09Fulton New York 13069ouththStwww.fultonhistory.com 