 IIISun stroke...T otal..*Su tU.SWt «visitedNEWY<and < n « w mmm i'* i* s» an a* atnowfc——lay-narrowed down to a hand-to- tympanum shocked with the shrieks of severali» M —Lji 3„rt„ mtwfmt**•«4-?MM •!*A ICafiAfiol A tl hand conflict between tike legions*of black re- bUOUothUil vlu-lUAtZIl CAfJvt*wAliJJ **ic A v*rupted, its sources ofUsto be left to itLater advicesaad Arabia havewhichthe lite; aad the Arabia, which passed CJape RaceIn llii lift sal fnwsnalii an In ran ITtli lnnt Thetails as to the Prince of Wales and the noble- thusiasm which existed for Fremont now exists•tfflat LiTerpool on the lllhnewer rallied. It was evidently beyond the aid Jenkinses. If H. B. H. winked his eye, or took off his hat, or changed his trowsers, or lea, the two rival raaarrsnnrmiats, made a said a sweet thing to a Governor's wife (muchMiddle sad Northern States its results haws by fair means or foul. It is thus evident thatthousand Christina women arevT^fsweeJBa estsWbeen sold at IS piastres apiece, tres apiece.a^PJwtMrwlFWiW *The sale* of cotton were tea thooaand bales,yet been seen, for no elections have yet place. Rat no man accustomed to ob- serve toe operation of great moral influences upon toe masses of the people can for a singlethe great prophet, priest aid guide of the party, WilliamH.Seward,andthecandidateorthe \j%m& i f • #AVatmnnsBMAn ••••••^BWp^asis.e ^ssw»»^^ ^#w w v wsjasms^L aaA this campaign, while Mr. Douglaa, toe candidate-teMi closed at 93* a Mg tor saoaey. Tfcereaad a apeculativt movement ia American railroadOf vitality; and now it H. R. H. paddled hit own birch bark canoe; to the potters field of defunct Jenkins put it down. H. R. H. took a constitu-moment believe that New York, and all the cen- of one wing of toe democracy, talks of quite:tral commercial States, wi11 be insensible to the another thing. They talk to the point. He To be sure, this very precious tional after-breakfast walk; Jenkins surveyed great ruling ides of toe day. beats about the bush, and speaks on every sub-t a*s~ ••m around it.fcsbJplbagaaillXd.raw am at fa. •*,; tssitesst ltd., andFrom this table It will be perceived that on as occasion has flat black republican vote ooaneup to anything tike what was cast for Fremont in 1866, while the steady set of toea unmistakably evident in toe aggregates ofthe democratic vote. The spring tide of Fre- peculiar mont enthusiasm toft toe democratic vote in can 1866 st its lowest expression. In tile election terniSecretary of State in the subsequent year, free s)vwiyAs we draw closer and closet to the Impor- tant day when the h a w of the Presidential are to be decided, and with them theIn his late speech :k republican ticket and 5 8,000 that of the reiteratedimportantpointsof too _sflfrom attack thus far to established by the two natimwalls; and now weNotwithstanding toe high tone ithe imperial g ^ M toll towardsdo not see how tt can longer make hiaf:..nIThefight, which up to this to be a quadrangular one be- the forces of Lincoln, Bell, Douglas and old Sam Houston perfora- Uttie guerUla work on his own account, isdressee" till the copious supply of adjectivesin the well of English undented hatquite exhausted; he has been paraded inwithout number; has danced withawkward partners, and has had his vice regalwas a more important one, as the Governor o f the State was to be elected. The black repub- licans made the most strenuous exertions to bring out their adherents, and theyed by the division still existing in toe conserva- tive ranks, which gave them the confidence of being the winning party, and they brought their vote up to 248,000—toe democratic vote also increasing, under all the disadvantages, to 230,- 000, while toe Know Nothing fell off 6,000.Last years election for Secretary of StateStates i L K f c i " he confesses toe obligation of toe higher law, and that he avows himself, for weal orates, for life or death, s soldier on theof freedom in thebetween freedom and slavery;" aadSeward adds, is his own "simp!In toe same manner Mr. Lincoln, a few days ago, reasserted, in a speech st Springfield, the doc- trine which he had avowed two years before** the someplace, and he goes even further than he did before, showing tost the republicans are not only an aggressive, b a f tIn speaking of toe ovation whichwhich, four years hence, you will par who is the representative of the troth on i which now agitate tM public mind. It hi toatron wUlnght ftr this ecauosaettahaena, Issyou now flgbt for it, and even stronger than yon BOW fight, though I may be dead aad gone.Fromthesewordsit appears thatthepolicy of the republicans will be stronger in four years than it is now—that there is an ulterior design In toe present agitation which has not yet fully developed itself,+m*Advices from Buatan Island to the 9th to*,itan Island to the 9th Inst, in- finishing blow. By ill fall AM conservative tout H. R. H. will hold his levees in the recep-form at that General Walker had sanded at andmasses of the South have been liberatedfromtheallegiance they owed it, and aretoftfreetofollowthe patriotic dictates of their own consciences, Government House—the sky, earth, air and while hundreds of thousands in the North andNorthwest who, when forced to choose betweencaptured TraxfBo.Ho expariaaoe bat little- retion room arranged for that purpose. Jenkins further proceeds to give the scenery about theThe Prince of Wales paid a visit yesterday tothe beautiful Palls of Chandfore; andto-daywillwater—a first rate notice, piously adding that such things are not reserved altogether for thea ll*d.,take up his official residence at the ParliamentHouse. The weather at Quebec was rainy and democracy andrepublicanism,threw themselves rich and great—a remark which Is more noticea- the.Fremont campaign, Mr. Lincoln can getTHE HEALTH OF THE METROPOLIS,—The week ending August 18, 1860, has been one of the most healthy during toe dog days, not only this year, but since 1854. The following table of comparison of the most prominent diseasesedifice. A delegation from Shade island ana ex-tendodtoktetantevHathmtovisitteat State, antupon one electoral ticket has not been producedby a combination of juggling leaders, buyingBfiiod ttojatesnsCholera infantumConvulsions, Infantile<*«* H, I860. Amj. IS,!**. Dear. 1*2 01 « 40 31 oBy the arrival ef the pony express we are in of aewaffosa the rsdacto the 8th mat.of the commander of the forces. He any abut his eyes to a responsibility one of these days.All this, however, though exceedingly amus- ing, Is nothing to what we may expect when the Prince arrives in these parts, when all toe Jenkinses, literary and otherwise, will come outuprising of the, popular sentiment The con-servative masses have now got toe ticket theydesire; and not only will they unite on it to aman, but It will call out a popular enthusiasmto put down fanaticism and Northern sectional-ism, and a reserve conservative vote such tmhas not been caat for many years. Set down foreign population ..186r•M attest} CgjjtBwggavv CA4UU1WU,mtimimm^m A vnmaeraoM.v ini|>i oBtacethelatCongestion af the brain 21 Dropsy la the head 30 Inflammationof the brain.. . IT•f June two hundred aad sixty tone of Washoe silverorehadaeonaunttoSan*TMJ| * * »JP^"^PBS^S^^^ ^^^^B^| ^^M^m W:^i^PW ^ ^ * hadwffh the fteairlnatonf, tnd taken afew News fromBrtttah Columbia to the 1st reached Sanby thequestion of slavery in the States, indoubledistilledgloryandshinelikesomanyChildren under 1 year Children under 6 yearsssr*eiaa TM^^flP- w w^if^sw^ss^^^^^^^perils. This is the single issue on which the. dinner, declined the ball, declined everythingtone the Niagara, which waste haveithnt an waliithose engaged in teal Blogal traf-ficontheiaiaadefCaba.teatitistrie to enact tte enptoreofadwhen off the coast,tetemapahjor otaar signals•o as to wara team of danger. Two tohnraThe contingency Is a horrible one, but not at all improbable, and in case it should happen, the desolation of Jenkins and all his tribe, male and female, may, to use an entirely original figure of speech, "be better imagined than de-into the arms of the abolitionists, will now back and enrol themselves in the ranksble for its veracity than its originality.Nor is Jenkins satisfied with praising themore than one-half of the natural increase ofNEW YOR! ^ . M ^ i ^ fMM •publicanism, beaded by Lincoln, and the patri-otic, practical, conservative masses of the peo-ple, headed by Bell. The insignificant and dis- (the rain will fall on princes), and disgusted organized hordes of plunderers and freebootersthat trained under Douglas and Breckinridgeeitherawayv y CupsT "WSjan^SBU- ^pjs wsssw sawp^^^sai^wrespectively, havethrough insubordination and desertion, or else day. More than all, the members of the illus- are seenfilingover, in disregard of their leaders. trious cortege have been the subjects of the ado-dwindledHfjfci''of" .if lit •If thei arrangement, ao much theof*S State from being caat for the candidatefaatkms and revote* ty,andiflat country ft*manbeen more fearful than any it has ever yet wit- nessed.This fact will be seen by a glance figure, of the popular vote cast in dwrteg the teat four yssflk^rthe table ofto prevent the dealiam* Nothing but a combined effort of thetfcniyearsince 18&6 :-I SSItown'can be done without, for theyareef IllillllilH face one way or the other. Simflar arrangements wfll probably be carriedoutInNew Jersey, Pennsylvania andOtoer States, and may save all these States from Lincoln, and give them to BelL There is still time enough left to give unity and strength to the inHi—I Let that time be well uaed to theSouthernandMiddle States,and AbeLin- coln's prospects of sitting in the Presidentialinto air—into thin air,and all the evils of a sectional strife will haveTruly, the Presidential contest and exciting.• / stosv.ofState Abolition vote,1*,ST8""••«"*«:- ***%^'^#S*|#fc,IH. at. H By ail accounts the heir apparent to the Bri-ration of the Chevalier Jenkins—not one Jen-Bell and Everett And we expect to see, before kins, but half n million or more, whose example one of 22,000 votes. This steady set of thethe eventful day of conflict comes, that the true reacts upon toe gentlemen "representing the popular tide gives us a clue to the results thatit A question, for ft the present volution Bfp by this time English andon what effected.pelted tothey may dictate to itand loyal masses of the people, who are averse to all sectional agitation, will combine together, North, South, Beat and West, and present anThe lai jectedmetropolitan and London press," and making a great deal of fuss about toe matter, too.will be obtained in November. There can be no doubt that st least 620,000 votes will be cast in this State at the next Presidential election,by the North Ante-received. The North impenetrable front to the abolition enemy.The Chevalier Jenkins has surpassed all hisformer efforts in his minute and elaborate de- and it te equally evident tost none of the en-There is no reason why it should not be to*The democratic party is now a thing of the past men and gentlemen in his suite. We believe to the black republican ranks. On the otherr e p u D l lcansAlthough it te not a***Garibaldi was stOl atlions ter an attack en thewritten a letter totentioaef conqaaam progress between tee Insulin and Papal Pure, unadulterated article. They do succeed apartmente for H. K. H., and Jenkins describesauthorities relative ton concert of action for the In making the people laugh at them, but they -them minutely, even down to the "stone china divided, as that vote was, between two electo-that each separate sneeze indulged in by H.bable that they will depart from the new codeof European policy, by consenting to afford theEmperor military aid against his rebellioussubjects, he will yet be glad enough to securer non-toterference by larger ooncssslons te foreign antsnssrns than any tost have ss yet en- tered within the views Ofevents withinsestetslong coveted bymen—that of opening up itsto toe industrylarge.ONE OF THE t>*n LOUSYWEED AKDcopy into this paper from the New Yorkvoters since 1856. Tins gives him the same powerful organization about to be in- Prince. His suite comes in for a share of the result of 290,000 votes exhibited in the pre-augurated, which is destined to break all the bonbon*. Lord Lyons is a "tall, well formed vious calculation."j naa*? uvuuv itaairj iv* •***? swHiap\^«*w " wwuivuuu Colonel Napierfea "rosy,good liver" (it's* ew^v tny n o ian»w UAAOw Vf^nw^Ml^P wssv u v a i i H v i . tossPsv McNab is a "stout, hale, healthy, grayhairedi/isvrijCcto ••••••«•••• >••••••• I t mDrawteryr. II sthe programme of bJa Journey through tee United mg w popular juugui ar now lug w pi way they have in that family). Sir Allan and sailing their adherents. On the coMarasmus,»...............T oul.. GoLBinnpttons —morning sun. and the contest is being narrow- ed down to the one single, well doilnod jajejtOn toe onegentleman;" Admiral-ofthe-Blue Milne "is ntail, hearty gentleman," and General Sir Fen-•aide are ranged object is to get posaeesion of the government for the pur- pose of enabling them to carry on the •'irre- pressible conflict" between free labor and on the other side mutt be ranged deprecate any interference federal government with thewick Williams, ofKara, "half shuts his eyes whentatting''—highly improper conduct on toe part versal expression of the popular desire and an•••• ofand who believe that such interferencewould be not only in derogation of the constitu-tion and compact of Union, but would expose all due knowledge of its awful importance—if let the conservative elements in the other* com- Do. do. do. do. August 11, USO..Presidential conflict is to be foughtthe people, therefore, be misled by shallow Jenkins?journalists or tricky politicians into minor andirrelevant questions about squatter sovereignty,freedom of the Territories, slavery extension,or kindred absurdities. These matters do notenter into the present canvass. They are theimaginary creations of ranting demagogues. scribed." Kansas, about which no much hubbub waakicked up four years ago, is afreeTerritory, and will be a free State; and there never was-Hoc*Ahv USaoJwrmLet notbut private hospitality, what would become ofrecords of a good man's life. If it should hap* pen, however—and we make toe remark with1868. Do. do. do. do. August 80,186*.mercial States teach their selfish and bickering Do. ea, do. do. Aigust 18,1803. US theveryexistenceofthenationtofearfulitshouldhappenthatH.R.H.declinedtheleaderstodothesamethinginbehalfofourcom- FromreturnsreceivedattheCitymon interests and the welfare of the country.Ficrmoi's SECURITIES OP INSURANCE COMPA- NIES.—We see that, under an investigation insti- tuted by the State Comptroller, the assets of the Wall Street Fire Insursnoe Company have been declared insufficient to justify the further prose- cution of its business, and that Superintendent Barnes has called for the dissolution of the cor-TAMMAN v HAIX VS DistnKSS.—There is great poration. It would appear from the report of distress in the Old Wigwam on account of toe this officer that most of the securities which reception the representatives of Tammany met make up the company's assets consist of mort-Department from the various cities of the Union, the fact is ehown toss the city of New York is, during the present summer months, the most healthy of all the sisterhood of our great; cities. 'Even the city of Providence, Rhode Island, so often referred to by certain voluntary sanitary associations ss n model to be imitated for the excellence of its sanitary police, records s larger quota of deaths during the last month than to any of the preceding months of July since 1855. This record of toe health of our vast metropolis is certainly most flattering,andtoomuchcreditcannotbe accorded to Col. Delavan, the efficient andCity Inspector, for hisenforcing the ordinances and regu-the preservation of the public health.theslightestprobabilityofitsbeingaughtelse withatthelateUnionConventionatSyracuse. gagesonwildanduncultivatedlandsInthis In no Territory of the United States will the It appears that Father Kennedy, Elijah F. Purdy, State, or of other property, the value of whichprinciple of slave labor succeed over that of free labor, except, perhaps, In the cane oftions has been"the WarHorse," whosefightingdays are over, Mr. Conner, and the rest, were received by the Union men as respectable old gentlemen withlittle in them, instead of being: content with tost, as they ought, they ere to high dudg • • 4 •** tiuwston to bring ail things to an end, to make a universal smash. Isntoasbsj toe lasMirattcparty. L e t a l l whom It may con-cern tremble and wesp; but asfortoodemocra- i»»t»« past praying for. It is already It dted atOmrleston, was buried*and Us remains have b to the fourclubs, which belong ts a towbntnsn periodis greatly over estimated.We believe that if the securities of most of the other fire insurance companies in this city were subjected to a similar strict examination they would be found to be far below the amount fixed by law. There b probably not one out of ten that is in a condition to meet the risks that it undertakes, supposing an silsneliiisailto occur. These firs > but in too many in- f to provide com- fortable places for broken down merohante andothers, who have a certain amount of cial influence. AH such bogusbe operations of aaw v a o i snsss%/tss>v \ / sciety, and which wouldsummer the by aall parts of thelong aince gone by. Bartrum. probably, would toiteprotecttoniftheprcoteoftheles^tisistelypay a good round sum for them, as they would organized corporations were not cut up by anr sbs month of 808; births, U ^ - t h s of 600 over ton July, 1859. From this It will be tne viry inspectors circular to minis-uworktog well; bat we learn that there aw those of both of these professionstion within the last- t o realine that the maeses at the North suit hi* curiosity Aop. But let the sachems unfair opposition ofto slavery where itto meddle with it: while the North is recognixiog the fact that it is neither the in-get rid of them at any pries, and move up the heads at th« into* asUBB«iew ajsi m w *aasiai'toe general movement of theand cheatingamongUntitled Documentt h %m wsslnwjsm ^ a w I ^ ^ W t o ..1if all thisbetrue!Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comiough nearly 100,000 voters abandoned titsKnow Nothings, the democratic vote fell off Rochester inof the nation, the positions of tish throne is having rather a tough time of ft only about 360 from that caat during the pre- nearly two years ago. He said that Mr. Lin-forces are being more and more in toe Canada*. He has been pelted with "ad- vious Presidential election. The next campaign coln's claim to the Presidency of the Unitedthen nil at once and all out of tone. More than this, he has been annoyed with bad weatherwith the Canadian salmon, who rebellioualy re- fused to nibble at the hook of a prince whose ancestors have caught many a big fish in theirpresentsNothing organization presented no ticket, andits 61,000 votes disappeared from toe table; hose; while the black republican aggregate obtainedan increase of only 3,000, and toe democraticsome remarkable facte. The Knowoppossdto isoutofIhand, wo witness everywhere a great uprisingR. H. since he landed at Newfoundland hat of the Union and conservative sentiment In end that ulterior design Is. undoubtedlyVUR0 AAwaja^7 1 V U l A i U O V I n U D I l g H I *•> aA4V\& I v l w AW been duly chronicled by the ever faithful the South it has been overwhelming; in the the abolition of slavery throughout toe Union,wite a steady deeaend aad Srm prfcea. Tkepeort- feint of galvanizing the old enroaaa of demo- envied of women), Jenkins had the full particu-W « " mm&m aaW* w • » • V a w t wsssass ssggjpw ^st^i^sssssjje^pt^PBjgg^pP''* cracy, hot hardly succeeded In getting the' lars. H. R. H. bathed; Jenkins put it down.pair of politicians persist in representing the princely pedestrian and put him down. At Both thefiguresand toe teachings of reason, ject but the true issue. It is strange that so that the old defunct is not dead; and each of Quebec the Chevalier was in his element The therefore, tend to this one result: that toe shrewd and able a politician should be so en-them claims that he personifies the real Simon government hadfittedup some nicely furnished aggregate popular vote of New York will pro- bably increase 120,000 on toe vote of tost year,tirely wide of the mark, and avoid toe issue which the republicans have forced upon the country. Like an old fogy, he digs up fossil re-purposeofrepellingGaribaldishouldheattemptaxeterfromconvincinganyonethatthereisaestforthePrince'sablutions,costing£1310s."raltickets.Ofthatincreasetheconservativemains,insteadofgrapplingwishthelivingfurnishessomepreciousrevelationsofthe aibto land in the Papal territory. kick toft to the thing thai was democracy. Then we are told that the royal mattresses are voters, who come out only in times of great Damascus had become tranquil, and theautho No one regrete that it is out of the way. It of the "finest hair;" that the Prince's bathing danger, will comprise st least two-thirds, orrityof the Sultan was again becoming paramount, had outlived its respectability, and decent tab is "six feet long and three feet wide," butlumsaary measures had bean taken against persons 60,000 votes, which will carry the conservativequestion of the day.Mow, considering tost Mr. Douglaa is one ofthe Union candidates in this State, In oppositionbJ tactics and the unscrupulous and less lobby power of Thurlow Weed st And these disclosures are valuable, they emanate from a wi!deuce against the lobbyfirmwith which hewas for many years associated. This arm, dur- ingthattime,wasknown within toe charsasd circle under the style and title ot Seward, Weed, Greeley &Co., and did an extensive business, from the maoufacture of Presidents and Gover- nors down to toe retail business in paints, sperm oil, putty and whiskey. But Greeley, becoming disgusted with playing the part of good man Friday to Seward, without any of Friday's g o a t s milk and roast pntateas,from thefirm,with s warning to Mr.which he very suddenly remembered with his dsssnt st ton Chisago CnnvsnttomThisterribleblowtothe headof the afore- said lobbyfirmGreeley very well understands he is to be punished for, if Weed can bring this punishmentabout PoorGreeleyistobechoked off to every possiblepublican State ticket toteinfluence in "Old Abes"Mr. Seward at theail ttfs, our old white-coatedtoken off his coat, and is squaringthe champion of the lobby, with the theBenicia Bow. Be exposes the lobby rapacity of Weed with sgency, sad calls the repubUcsns4s*3Pj to toe rescue. We hope toothecall,andputdown On lobby leader ssd has gang atfor once and forever, by the election of an anti- J J^sj^stoiawbUlVt tnwvl Uaw UVluwl VT ^Visss nssasvVLincoln."What will Thurlow Weed say' Will he tellus that his lobby receipts of test winter have been expended for the good of the cause, after the fashion of his "free wool statistics!" Speak out, Thurlow. and let us get at the bottom of tide lobby business and its clear profits.A GREAT TJSION DSMOSSTRATION U. N I W YORK.—What we want now to give saiin the North to the powerful popular •five reaction which has broken out in the South is a grand popular Northern conservative sssss meeting in the city of New York. Wesubmk thispropositiontothespecialconsidiirsttonof our commercial and manufacturing fellow citi-Let them move in the matter, and issue grand Union Convention in thisin September, of:from ail the conservative elements of the whole opposed to Lincoln s election and in of combining to defeat him. and the re-aroeettogwhiebtJllfs*fsteUsss« in motion with a force which cannot bo checked. Let New York city lead off. Union• u w a t a at tay cotPoliticimplicated in tho massacres. Four hundred arrests people had begun to feel thoroughly ashamed that the room "contains no thing to indicate the vote up to 330,000, while the black republican to Lincoln, we think he is not treating toe|ad been made, the culprits tried, aad speedy of it It only needed the kind offices of those unusual cleanliness or dirtiness'' of H. R. H.Justice meted eat tethose found guilty. Thirtytote cannot exceed 290,000. These are logical people well, and tost he ought to do somethingpoliticians who assembled in Charles-Baltimore, at the beginning of theto give it the coup <M grace—the taken with some degree of caution, to the effectThere is a minute description of the Prince's "washstand," and n statement which must befor the common cause, seeing that he is to get his share of lbs electoral votes on toe Union ticket We trust, therefore, that in future he will ad- dress himself to the real issue in toe election, and that he will employ his eloquence not in building castles in toe sir, and pulling them down, but in demolishing the substantial strong-results, which will bear analysis.believe that, under the peculiar eirounialsnoea attending the nomination of Lincoln, the re- action of the John Brown raid on many mode- rate republicans, the recent reiteration by Mr. Seward of the most offensive and revolutionary theories of toe black republican school, and toe diminished enthusiasm exhibited by Its ora- tors and partisans from what it was duringdisagreeable diaccustomed toto he very little inconv<he attended Irrine service atwhoreheattractedmoraattentionthanteepreach-idolsofabolition,squattersovereignty,slave-person"(Hearthat!H.B.M.'sMinisterPleni- willillustratethisremark:— er, whose sermon was aoarody listened to by tee ry extension and sssnisVev potentiary and Envoy Extraordinary is called On the other hand, we have some very signifi-thousands who crowded tee interior of the sacred The many false issues that had been raised a "person"), with "singularly good manners. cant facte. The union of the conservative votei""P"'« « • • "•"" W*~V» — VnsswvvNo one canthree cliques of selfish and quarrelsomebitterly hostile to each other, have beento lay aside their selfish pretensions by n uni-••••••••••••••a. 4New York, therefore, as safe for a popular ma- jority offiftythousand votes against Lincoln, and84 Mt eof wh1Jh*tite r#^rt *f 'Doogteacrockery bes been reduced to s generalwill fightferent style from what they do now,Tuwfcl** * ••••*•••• •XXXPublic inatltotiouCoronata' BasesTotal death* week ending August a ,and use of effective)]inthe present3,697. Thehereafterin a dif-bras.to the City In-Themar-ballmen of nlligfiSa is so creditable an 