 4' Ii.the anniversary of negro emanciphtion in the Wtst In- dies. A resoluti n was carried welcoming Dr. ChVever of New-York to.England, and expres Aog the highest admiration for, and sympathy wich, bis Anu- Slavery babors in the United. S<at*s. Dr. Cheever re- turned thanks, and in a long speech dwelt upon the support which is given to Slavery by the churches ofquences.of that policy of aggrandisement and aggres- avail*' le for want of men to man them, while theysion which he aun unc*d by tbe annexation of Saioy would be totally useless against the new long-range vl'I4 i-iI!barely one d*y later than those received via Lon ton- gotten all her traditions hud she not immediately elarrr per the Angis-Saxon. By way of Queensco wn, claimed the honor of protesting tiie. lives aridmany. The exchange of ihese Rhenish provinceshead of affairs iu England.We believe tha* the people of this country are: dis-nervedpersoi a found to exert themselves to hinder i'8 doubt,'for tbe European Powers to arrange jmexn-j of fair ctnsideration. But the sensible portion of thi fc<nimunit.f is stronj? enough; if it chooses, t^>make ics ir-t»r er'ic^hut if thn Turk'sh Government were uot opinicn felt, to require that it be met in a spirit of can- strong enough t<» suppress Uteso dioturbances, he for:s•reps, and been more calculated to prodace a good harvest than a hot sun.The Queen was on her way to the Highlands of Scot-still more, since Europe cannot allow that- Russia should atnex the East while the Western and Central Powers are making war against one an-similar arguments, the necessity of annexing the Grand Duchy of Luxemburg, " which formedamoDg tbe people of this country, and has profited >y his experitnee. He evidently understands that the shortest way to our hearts is by openut.88 aud plain dealing, and that he ia more likely to obtain the objectbays, " W. ile wishing for peace, I desire to o'gauize '" rhe forces of the coemtry on the best poe-nble foot- " ing." Well, then, if such is the condition of the French army and navy, we, who have not jus». over-r«a Staples, whither be had been summoned. His arrival was awaited with impatience, both at Naples aad Rome." studies" just indulged at the Tuileries. The showing that the Crimean war forms no barrier to prcvailt-d upon to ihink of them by the extraordinary territorial acquisitions of Pkdmont, flis army isabove mentioned pamphlet derives a peculiar inter- the alliance between France and Russia, as they cot too large tor bis requirements when <he deductions est from the circumstance that its publication fol- had not then come to an understanding, gives the for foreign service are mads. His navy is notand coups deplume,and which permits sudden chaosesof resolution in matters of international engagement. by alaive majority. The Emperer now unfolds a foreign policy as to Italyand Syria in which thiscountry sympathizes. A com-mon policy and a mutuality 01 commercial ioteres'smuat ai>a.J.B be important gaaranto^s f>r tne mainte-FB8R DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.XKBXV&L OF THE PARANA AND PERSIA.CARIBALtf-SVOLUNTEERSINCALABRIA. CT TO 1DVAJTCE OS UPLES.PEOPLE OF NAPLES A5D ROME CALL HIM.BY THE P ARANA.ST. JOHW'S, N. P ., Aug. 14,1860,Via 8ACKviLLX„Aug. 15.The steamship Parana, from GAIway at 7 p. m. ofoubt or denial with reference to tbe statements co*- <a>n»4 there in; but circumstanc* s were often stronger; ihan men. At. tbis rime tbe Emperor was rtreng&sa,at Southampton on the 7th.The steamship Nova-Scotism, fxom Quebec, arrivedMaria Theresa," the queen dowager, who is at the head of the reactionary party, while the Lazzaro- ni and the children in the street greet one anetherThisstateofthingshasseriouslyalarmedAustria, thepreludeofthe movement which themassacresin especially as in Hurgary the demoostrations mul- Syria, may act upon as a signal to break out. Theat Londonderry on the 7th.The Parana sailed at 8 p. m.» for Boston. She has with a Hurrah for Garibaldi!.which NapoleonI. considered in 1814 as a sine qnanon condition of his existence as a sovereign ?** There are only two millions of Turks iu Europe, whereas there are thirteen millions of Greeks, whose spiritualhead isthe Czar. * .*",*. * The Greek insuirection, which lasted nine years, was but360 passengers.GREAT BRITAIN.The Ministry had carried the paper duty resolutionfferough the House ef Commons by 33 majority.The London Times's City Article, dated Monday sympathies with their former' enemiea"bf 1848. Onwhich the Imperial writer desires to produce, but tbemeans on which he relies to attain bis end. We say 70,000 men to man them; He wished.to know if theCbbitet was unanimous with regard to the expendf what every Englishman feels when we express a. fer- lure. He did not believe it. Neither were the mflivent wish that every cause of that mistrust which the tary ao» orities unit-d on tbe subject. iThe hon. gen- Emperor rightly recognizes may be 'completely re- tltnan read a number of pJa <s propounded by different moved. Buo, if tbisis possible, it can only be by speak- military men, giving toem a ludicrous aspect by his ing the whole truth. Neither self delusion nor hollo w co'nimen1 s and'his ironical mode of stating them. Reevening, says:" T h e English funds continue to show depression.f)n the state of the -weather and the business on the Paris Bourse, the corn market was heavy, at an occa-the 8ih of August the Council of the Empire is to discuss the Budget, and the Hungarian members have'selected this opportunity for a parliamentary attack upon the system of centralization prevalentCohstahtinople, to rise agiinst tne infidels; and there are but few faT-eigbted politicians who do not anticipate a eolution of the Eastern question in a sbnee favorable to Russia, and that at no distant time. It is not, there- fore, eurprisiug, that at the call of their co-religionists, and encouraged by the predictions of Stalezanew, the Russians should be prepared to cross the Pruth at thecomplimfnt is now in season; and we fear the Emperor is not well founded in the expectation that a con versa- tion with Lord Palmereton, however.frank, will rem-slat d that many of the pamphlets published in France were the productions of persons opposed to the present cyj>a>ty, and who sought to sow mistrust and create a war between England and France, with a view to re-ings were r< raehlyand i whicn badrope and the AfteraV^ in reply, thei ': ' DI On the1 W est-Indiain London. Sp'idielo,, CI ofbusine&s, to the-meet New-?oik. 1gland hadby tbe Lot sure that tee J>r. Cheever IThe Rev. CJoogregatici the firstcountry, act currenoe in- he has conedefendersState. Tbs' JStougbtoD. Then Dr. C'l to deliver aHe said at ag&iret the:LKthy and hardiy I Kgbtfni noaithe emlavei) Christ s sak* Slaveryand perti.-t< the aidhf ( andc&lucn] lowed him sutTexirg «J ChuTch in t thedomrr-.ot They had hi the midet c easiest to pit eide. In « fered a wn been beata firmneM in whatever ci*i were detenu pulpit. IHt country exand its la . protected b .was sore to V with peuieoiBut whta laid upon li^jionand t of incestant and eveiy party to u/s and.chcrca,stand beton Jfust ia pri»p thesinW4were silf at . and thin lihadrisenAO and defctro; either the 1{Cheers.W ord, i'h ons, and tb God's miht Duke's h a launched tlenemy. .1 debaucling «ryinthei -^aa to rem thundeis a iniquity—o fernis that'' them wuhi aright b*.-conflict (< of Greai promising 1 two pha^ei great mattepractical t: . tical stau.*i sweep 01 aThe demand in the discount office at the Bank to-daywas rather slack."The failure was announced on the 6th of E.W . Abbott •f Bow, Brewery, who was obliged to suspend pay- aaent with liabilities to the amount of £100,000, waica: Us estate was not expected to pay in fnil.The bills of J hn Craft, provision merchant, and ofPhflpoi, Lane, and John Crafts, jr.,of Kbieck'8 Bridge, "and'the King of Belgium. A great European war' lave been retained. Liabilities believed to be mode- is.scarcely to be avoided. Though the AustrorPrus-rate. sian*Alliance which now extends all over GermanyA general meeting of the City of London Brewery is for the present only a defensive one, still i t can-Comjany was bed yesterday and a dividend of six not fail to soon become offensive, in the face of the•qo*i, and the issue of the bat le too well knownbeforehand, to make the contest exciting; but it is ^otfeco, betweenrthe Frecch and Italian provinces," back." This state of existence has become universally intolerable, and we now see' nations laying aside their ancient rivalry and uniting to make a stand for h mor ard independence.the whole oi teie fortifications completed at once ? He ccu'd not reconcile the present proceeding with the treaty with France ior we w«re arming to keep out our friends and custvmtrs. He denied1tbat the present state oi the army or navy in France jus ified the speech of Lord Palmerston iu introducing this proposition. The seme aigumeits w*re oe*d io France withref^rdland. A dispatch from York, Taesday, says: " Our other; and still the Sultan and the Turkish Empire joarney from the metropolis te this place, over the44under the empire tbe Department des Forets." he seeks by a studied artlessnees and careful simplicityGreat Northern Railway, has been pursued with uner- ring accuracy. Her Majesty's journey northward was seanmed at 2:20 p. m."are past saving. They have wasted the respite• .»BY THE PERSIA.The Royal Mail steamship Persia, Capt. Judkins,THE SYRIAN QUESTION IN PARLIAMENT.In the Ei gl sh Home of Lords, on the 3d inst., Lordmorning, bringing 184 passengers.j The steamer Glasgow arrived at Qaeenstown atneon on he 2d, and tne Golden Fleece reached Gal way at about ?he s*m* time.The Arabia reached Qaeenstown at 5 p. m. on tbe 3dL" A s at the time of the Crusades, Corietiau Earooeis moved by, the horrible crimes of whicu Syria, baa writer does not doubt that in the end Prussia willlttical mielligenoe and capacity of her cbildfen dOr-s uotfind at home. Nevet-tbeless, if the Emperor ia ab->utto rtneunce all conqut-sts save tho<-e to be made inFrance—if he purposes to devote nimself to promoteher interior organization, the increase of her resourcesaxdfer moral improvement, and finds io them a field cthi'. Th»- dispa •h 1 f a Uommissiouer to Syrii wasWesley a» Slavery uu other lrxm;and guiitjr man." [O under the 3 death of & under the f should hivv< and re-vivee ion, as if j malignant church in ^ God? 1H* God is take ia exhume* a hideous1eio ramei U hope, art undertake witiin tte cendemual and proLC than tnor^j audmaket is an (doctor coi tempts w l ohurvn b) members,Mr. W. moved a n employ ad the ahiyt«-t disabi Uieein any par upon theit the spettk'i vadee evei rai tacts. who,wivl Noel's cb Shaftesb^admiueo t oeived the tl«eveiixA^e any interference there; and withio a year we seereason for a*-atiijg one jot of our vigilance, er discon-renl defense, aud the introduction of at- am, so far fro 11rendering lane for.titicauong necessary, gave us greater iumi it. With t es« dittert.u:.ee« the great EistsmTuscany, Parma, Modena, the Legations, and Sici- anxiety, waitinx for a vast solution which may eett<etinuing any of the purely def«:nsiv« p'eparations we handed against Ruesia, Prusria, and France? ' W e have set on foot. • Nay,' we wilt g.» further, aud admit,facilities for di feme by means of shipsdeclared that they will not fight against Italians; a. portion of the army' protest against the foreign regiments and insist upon the order for disband- ing them; the Royal Guards and the foreignersof defiance: Becker's patriotio song..-.We know t,h*t we are not alone iu having plans of aggrandizement. Now if Russia regards Constantinople in the same way 'as we look at the Rhine, can one not turn those analogous pretensions to some account, and force upon Europe the acceptance of a combination which wou-.dburdens upon the people for warlike purposes.Lord Palmerston earnestly appealed to the House to sanction the Government plan, lor the interests Of peaceand tbe security of the country. ' . The amendment was rejected by a vote of d9 against268, and the vote was agreed to.In tbe Douse of Lords en the 3d, Lord Broughampresented a petition from the Anu-81avery Society, praying that immediate steps be taken to compel Spam to carry out her engagements for the suppression of the slave-trade. , • '.'_"The afl'aire of Syria were debated m both Houses, and Ministers explained that a protocol had been drawn up at Paris, by the Embassadors of the Great Powers, in •vthich it was det.ermin«-d that on the requisition of the Porte, a force of 12,000 troopB should be seat to Syria, half of which would be furnished by France. It was provided that their stay should not exceed six months. Another protocol was also signed, calling upon the Porte to carry out its engagements with re- spect to the Christians, which it had entered into in 1856, but it was provided that no right of inter- vention eboold be granted on future occasions.Mr. Bright deprecated interference in the affairs of Syria. Lord Palmerston replied, and asserted that Turkey had made great progress of late, and if left free from interference, except good advice, he believed herdissolution was not eo near as predicted.On the evening of tte 1st inafc. a public meeting wasclearly understood t'.at it is by tbe armaments, and not by the professions or even the intentions of France, that we must measure our military and naval strength.than any country reqolred fortifications, for ber regular aimy was snail, antf her irregular army promised to be large; and it was iu fortifitd places that these latterTuesday, the 7th inst., arrived here at noon to-day.Tie steamship Vanderbilt, from New-York, arrived shout ".Down-with the Constitution" "Long life to allot Turkey to Russia, to France that Rhine frontier,he felt in the pacific tendencies of every capital in Eu- rope; but so long as she continues her present *tate of preparation she imposes on her neighbors tbe absolute tectesity of maintaining a Corresponding force; and we trust that we give no offense to any one by express- ing our resolution to maintain it.From The London Newt, 3J in*t. . (The public has now the Emperor's letter in ite en-tiien'eee, and can observe not only the impressionsfoi defense, even more than the Government wer« leadyto adopt, were called for by the country and therefore ibis resolntion represented the feeling of the conn«ry and was worthy of acceptance by the bouse.Mr. Bright said tbat the proposed amendment of wbkb he had given notice would be answered by that before t.e Bouse; and be did notpress it. The House was not disouBth g a question of two or even five mUl- 10L8 but th«-que*Uon involved an expenditure of at least twenty nuliior s and more, for the standiog army wou'd be increased, for these works would requireNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, AUGUST 16, 1860battaEoM of fficiBan tifles, two battaflpns of foriune of war.... .The Czars, meditating for the lastMinor. To make of Abd-el-Kader the Syrian Etnir dominions of France have Mttle chahn. W e do not dis- JSrjKror of the French, be did not offer a v r « 4 %Would be a noble reward for pur prisoner's services. GREAT BRITAIN.In the House of Commons, on the 2d inst., the Gov- mission of any one else. England is a county which no one bed a right to cowphdn of our doit>g so,aspires not merely to exist, but to bold a high place iathe councils of the worldj and to urge on the cause ofis equality. We freely confess that we should be most hnppy to see France reducing tbe amount of her forces by land ard by sea, because that would render a simi-: tiply, and Serbs and Croats openly express tbeir Gr*ek Christians are only waning for an order from their Chief at St. Petersburg, orthrir Patriarch atsional reduction of one to two ehhlmga per quarter for in Austria. They will be backed by the Bohemian, first moment..edy the evil. It is in 10 spirit of reproach tbat we re- placir g the b«-ieoi ary rulers of the latter kingdom on. mind the Emperor tbat the complications and universal tb« throne. Tbe hon. gentleman made a summary of"wheat.- - «* Abou t,£4,000 in bar gold was taken from the Croatian, Serb, and^Wallachian members; a Dal-Bask to-day for export. Tteee small withdrawals are matian, too, has promised his vote; and thus the <«fcj»fiy f>r transmission to Spain. A new five per cent: opposition will muster strong enough to disturb the Sardinian loan for tbe millions has been formally aa- equanimity of the Cabinet and of the Emperor." If we cast an eye on our frontiers, the considera- tions which justify our tendencies appear to be quite as important as those which actuate Russia. Let us ser- aside all historical reco'lections, and all geographica' motives, take one by one the provinces inclosed by the Rhine, and examine the reasons that militate in favor of tbeir annexation. '"•'•";." First we meet with Belgium. In good faith it isdifficult to question the striking analogy which has in-duced, some historuus to call the Belgians the Frenchmistrust of which he complains are the very circumstan- and c<'mmented. on the Report of the Defense Conxrnis-T«mxjc*d ier home subscription. The price is expectedto be 80 per cent. The 8wck market to-day was dull system, they will recommend provincial constitu-and Nice, and the theory of which he obtrndes ouc^ more in this very letter when be permits himself to claim a people living happy and contented und*r a neighboring Sovereign as " essehtiaUy French.:' Until the perpeira'ion of that act, rendered stiil more alarm-:ur s. I h e honorable g-n'Jeman read a letter of the I ; ^en-ns*- Commbsion to Lord Overstone, to which he gave the 0 out abt-ord asj>e t, and dealt in the sameway with Lo:d Ovtrstone's reply. lie argued gen* eral'y that the result of the advice of the commissionjnd heavy, and the" foods experienced a fresh decline of •tie-eighth percent. Tae possibility of a drain of gold -firom the Bank attracts dUcusiion.tions for all the different portions of the Empire as the only possible remedy, and then give in theirof the North. In fact, throughout that country the. America. -IwhH iha» it oilered no security, and only entailed ex- ing oy tbe dispatches of M. Thonvenel by which it WHS pexditur*-. He contended that France had, not added-. **The unfavorable reaction in the market for British resignation. The Vienna Cabinet is well aware Sanroad shares continues, the idea beiog prevalent in that such a resignation will be nothing short of themm* quarters that the dullness noticed in certain first sign of a revolution,'and therefore are looking branches of trade may have an effect on the traffic. around for assistance. This, is the real cause ofeducated classes use no language but French, and the Flemish dialect is only understood by the lower classes of the population in some few localities. Moreover, Belgium is throughout attached to Catholicism, and it is to France, her sister, by origin, idiom and religion, that she is indebted for her independence. W e will not recall the fact that Belgium, conqaered by our armies in 1795. formed nine French departments until 1814. Neoertheleee, it would appear that our yoke was not so very heavy; as in 1831, Belgium having been unable to obtain from the' Great Powers the per- mission of being annexed to France, offered, by a v ite of the two Chambers, the Belgian Crown to the DukeA great party battle was expected in the House ofCommons on the Paper Duty question, and Ministerswere making great efforts to defeat the Opposition, mands, it was. possible to ascribe tbe imputation raised portion t«> the in urease which Had been made in ours.After having disclosed the defects of the presenttheTepl tz Conference, which resulted in a com-plete understanding between Austria and Prussia;andjif the Syrian difficulties have for a while de-tached Russia from this coalition, we see England—that is to say, the Court and Cabinet—rather inclined to support the German princes, de Nemours, tbe son of the King of the French. TheThe Emperor declares that since 'he Peace of Vallafranca, be has had but one thought, one object—to in-augurate a new era <f peace, and to five on the nestterms with his neighbors, and especially with Englaud.Wr. believe it. Every Government wants peace. But tries, we were aiming against the French Empire,refusal of tlie latter induced them subsequently to offer it to the Duke of Saxe Coburg, now Leopold t ; but the precedent we refer to appears to us highy impor- tant, and it leads to the presumption that if Belgium were consult*d she wou:d not be less generous than Savoy, and would prove once moro the,attraction the prtstige which the greatness of France causes her to leel. The opposition of a few members of the upper classes would oe very Boon stifled by popular acclama- tions.'' Before falling into the sea, the Rhine divides itselfinto thrt.e branch* s, two of. which run in rather north-erly directions—the Yesel, which flows into the Xuy-derzee, and the Wahl, a confluent'of the Meuae. IfFrance had once more to trace har limits, might she not *-jrvbabry one of the last of the kind our generation to -^arrange the future position and relations take the line of the Rhine, properly eo called, imreadof•will witnete. It was most instructive, and closed the of the Empire and the Italian Kingdom— that of the Wahl or tbe Yssel? so as to slice off as littleas-the writer of soul-stirr k g proclamations, and as the effort consistent w.th honor. Have we foand any such Syria. He concluded by protesting against our vastinspirer of pamphlets amiouncii'g changes at which disposition on the part of the French Emperor 7 It isper sent per annum, both on the preference and ordi- nary shares, *as declared.The London Daily News, alluding to the division on ffce paper duties,' remarks that the lists were too n n vMr. B. Osborne complained that the House was not aeked to carry out the report of the Defense Commis- rion rix montLB ago. It the aspect of affairs made the proposed dt-fcnseseesentially necessary, why was onlyranj4 extension of revolution in Italy. Napoleon jee8 his danger, and accordingly keeps 600,000 men under arms. In the course of August he is to have an interview with'Kiog Victor Emanael at. "roused, snd it was impossible for ihe Emperor to go a p-rt of the plan to te earned out and why were not f•emicn with eclat.The South-Eastern Railway traffic shows this weekswap rain has further improved the condition of the The Oriental question c >mplicates the situation treaty of Liineville in 1801."The Emperor tells us that it is untrue that he is im-moderately- inert aeing tbe mili'ary forces of France,and tbat his ar ay and fleet have notning of a tiireatbii-ir.g character about them. We do noc:dispute this ia to the armao er;ts of this country as were used herethese natural allies against the -coalition. The as possible cf Southern Holland ? That is what shewou'd assuredly do. Moreover, it is not on the side of pager, aid executioners are content with oome-spunLatin races and the German nation are pitted' Holland that it is indispensable to rectify our frontier against one another, but Revolution and Enthusi- by taking the line of the Raine as a basis. Belgium, with h*r preBent frontiers, would be enocgh to satisfy asm now side with the Latin League, while the- tbe want of extension which of late has been so load«y The Mark'Lane Express says the weather of the German coalition represents the oppression of claimed by public opinion. The line of the Scheldt past week, though below the usual temperature, with other nationalities, and centralizing despotism. was, moreover, the frontier conceded to France by thenot armed. It is not her extraordinary preparations /which make Fratce dangerous to the peace of Europe, and unjold the springs of a deep and hidden policy in but tbe vast extent of ihoee armaments which nave be-am increase of £4,0*27.The Ospray and Drummond have arrived fromEroae. The Emperor of the French has shown us that e can give an account of the resources of a great nationChina, witn 1,663,100 pounds of tea.The pamphleteer then proceeds to show the neces- given them by the Crimean war and the peace of sity for the annexation of Rhenish Prussia: ithan were he to beetow upon* us all those figures of rfcetoric over which the great founder of his family possessed almost as entire a control as over the move- ments of his troops on a r'ay of battle. We have, in-thiowu an empire and wrested from it a province, board part of the question was eoncerned, he agreedmight be e*coeed if we were—as we are not—about to with' the Commission, ou other points he differed with " organize pur forces on the best possible footing." ii em; lor if ihe whole plau was carried out, it would1 nis is what people are thinking and saying in fc.u-claxd, and it is right that France should know it. But. require a largo iucr«-ase to tbo regular army to man it;" Belgium and Luxemburg once ia our power, our Paris, without consolidating their power; and their task is not oyer. * * * To complete our frontierslowed closely on the love-letter addressed by theMan of December to Persigny, which was followirg piece of information concerning one ofon a scale commensurate with that establishedunder Louie Phiilippe. His regiments are ou a smallerelectivestanding than those ot former times. If other nance of fritndly relations t>-tween rhetwo Govero- people have seen the bright side of the late war, toe ments: but we Jive in times when a sorely-tried worldOn a division 'he amendment was rejected, and tbe resolution was carried by 268^0 39.the claims of France to the gratitude of Russia:" I t must be kept in mind that France did not lend whieft tailed from Liverpool at 10 o'clock on the rnorn- t*» lay it before the House, forwarded a c *py to herself to the plans of England ia the Baku. W« do ieg of the 4th, and from Queenetown on the evening of not' know whether'an attack on Croustadt would have the. 5tbJbt>t, arrived here at 8£ o'clock on Wednesday The London Times. The subjoined extracts con- succeeded in any case; it was not.attempted, tnauke, tain the substance of La- Syrie a V Alliance Ru*st: we have reason to believe, to the,oppoeition of France."destined to mesmerize John Bull, and of whichLord John Rufcsell, at the very moment he refusedwsiits yet more efficacious assur-Hncs of peace. It isbeyond ber fi.-« ntiers for that satisfaction which the po- House to the d.s'Uibances in Syria, did not think itjust been the scene. Seven hundred thvusind Ch-is;ia.ua are delivered up to the merciless fanaticism of two million* or Mussulmans, aid ihe Turkish Governaieit, by its inexplicable inactjon, appears tj wow itselfAfter an excursion to the Italian campaign, the join, the Franco-Russian alliance:Tbe advices by the Persia, direct from Liverpool, are their accomplice. Assuredly, France would have for- By.so contriving that Piutsia shall cease to be ourabroad, and wishes the frankest interchange of opiuion The effe< ts of this communication may not make them otbtr lywerti would pu, a stop to the atrucitiee whichbetween, himself and the eminent men who are at tne selves felt,all at en e. Tuere may b- 8)mo- weaa- have he* n \v t j>eti ated. tt was a d.fficult matter, nohowever, the news is two days later.TJBSB STATE OF EUEOPE.proper ties of thore'who, in former a&y*, were the sol- dleis of Peter the Hermit and Philip A'ugus.us t . It is, therefore, high time to toiuk of a remedy ror a si'.oa'ion which could not Ian any longer without lead- irg tc a givat ci>lamif.y—the total exre.-minatiou of ch«) Christian subjects of the Porte. The expedition which the Turkish Government, talks so niucb aooat is totally insufficient to restore order. Tne Power's which haveco- rVligicttists in Syria, and wnich are justly alarmed forposed to :eceive this le'. er in the spirit in which it hasPrussia, the status quo—the French alliance throws eration. So far from looking on its author wi'h hos- ests of the country.separate existence but precariously, a:id are cer- mity,with the wsh-san-} requirement of tbe present Gibraltar, Malta, the Ionian Islands are a security for or.er.nes8, to palter or equivocate with the -u'^ct. It qnesrions of nat'on.ltties struggling beuet'^h the her keeping quiet; th.one are the weak 'poiot.3 of her is the policy of the Euipemr of the French, for.reasonsing the cou< try, but h*^ could not ag<-«o tbat the hestmode of doing eo wan by fortifications; wou'h was athorough un-Engliah sys^m. Lord P .lmerston mightJikeap.o otypeof bis—Lycurgut—preferred wall? of the.motion waste 0 taut nvne ooinpreheosive infoItaly within 'a very few months. At Naples, of temper', language* radically opposed tr>each other,the KiDg' has evidently miscalculated hi* per- keep up ia cer.am Enropeau Stages au uud^r current of sive spectator of wnat takes pUce ou tne continent, and his invint-ible J*giou8, to mtintain ai armyibe intention cf abolishing it, just as his father mtimate terna of the ambitiot; of all GoVMrnmauts, cmonly be permaremly secured wheu the psr«w*aeotS.\na.'• Thei »om«nt has'arrived when onr policy must be Oor .'.navy is our only guaranty for.toe existence-ofrow ns hrmeiJv to our wo^.don walls, lie urjed I/.MI- eraMy that we were n<t niuking use' of the power we had-Aimsuong and rilled guns for iostai.Co-aud laiiiiigback on those means of defense which wore lf8>» availablea^jurir.n, whi^h preveilts the restoration of con lid-nee,and grandfather had done, as sooo as he should .am&ti ox di tur banco we have just indicated riiia'.l havebeeome able to/arrest the curreit of revo- ds^ppeai-ed. .We±erefor«wim toarrive atidoubly dearlydenned. ItisinSyriathatFrancemostpacifi•- ourvt-tttrade and tneretention of ourCdonialand"rtfu'.t .'ally epnqner the frohtier of'.the Rhine by cemeottuir Indian Empire. Our rtavy cependa on our dockyards, lution. Now,however,thepeople,moresuspictoas UiuallidnceofRiirsii.,Butwemusttakecarenott>irivd ourdpekyatfedependontheh;rcewhichwocanepare t;a»in1820and1848,caonotbeHOeasilydelude; **.1.Whereversuchathinginpossible,tofavor'th?Purflja&T,unlimitedeuu-usion. Theprovincesuorthof fortbeir defence,and on theforPlicationswhich ^ropebody trust* the King, and the grant of tbr Con- stitution haa,ooly accelerated t i e complete down- fall of the <**»»»*>, which may be expeevsd as seen as the Dietat^r of Sicily make* hi-i appear-in a mighty unity, populations having ideas or i^niea cie-» in «,«>mmon. ,Lord Wos ol vu»e said it wo<ild t>« iii)tK»*.-tble to XHsen:, to the pi<»ducti< u of the papers moved for, as they re-.." B u t to attach the Cabinet ofpolicy, it must be witbd'awu from the in- fluence of England. How can this be brought about?Berlinto ourlarge enough for his ambitn,n, then it vill be p .s«!b:e a »uffi..-i« nt proof that the Government was afcye to thisagitation in her island, aud be compelled to be a pa*8be will barely be nennit.tert to offrtr her opinion amountirgto four hundred thoii^audmeu, aud, with fewall Europe is only <nxioua to preserve peace with himsonal influence. He granted the Contribution whb/ and hiaders the pr. grtt-a of civilizati »n. Peace, that thanks to the live <-r six thousand men she will send to colonies or c>ut)ying doainioun to .protect, a navy f. el'iig t f tho tnglish people. At least we should trusAir.8.Herbertsaidhocouldgiveanetnphat»cdenial formation of a hoinoge ems an»i nauoua) •.S'-aio, the the Boephorus muHt, snffice for her ambition. AHU Mictor can er* ct are und them. Twenty -four.hoars' loss of the to 'be asreitionh of Mr. Berkeley, that our hhips w^r.,fromher many of da agairu that he li by the (./ in Britivoven the Lazzarooi- have turned Gar»bald;aT»; niiirjon of Which woald l>s to absorb aud'csucehCf&W, mustremai neotrjl ground. Were it, indeed, possible coniniand of the Chumitl is iuvaaion. Tweni.y-fonr to be bruit d with smooth-b< re gnus, that th-rV were~m Ttffj?*?•:?* "yg an arcJle proceded Hepto observe en view of tbe sui the PurTisrUigS' pean Powers ! and tbe respit Kgned at Pai <M intervention oil Thisprotocol i\ and the repi lowing effect"Thatafr'i thonld be s*r.^| diateryfaw'^ caeethey^4^ the Powers asj continuance itedtosixmoiThe great PI tseeeincooclud fiyxia, and tbd Vantages, inHf-what steps b preselos of th» nad aleo deter and Lord I)1A gland. He Governor of •was to b# brc marks of Lord] t !«s inseparahW not agree with]"' patsed. The s| the greatest ought to be doxJnitpVy to house fated tl of Mr. Ban were quite terms. 10 u,«-1 edan lady atChristian wot Lord Clamduct of anouy Bentedfxom eeledf*rn>or<• ernment of 1 Lord Granjmmmwrm-r^mt^^7135 y*>ars over the will of Peter, tbe Great, have .not ceaeed to cast covef.ous glances on European Turkey. Most France continue to protest against the pre-ei-pecialK as tl e oefetsses of our dockyards were com. raiativfjy weak, and our navy was of more vital ia»- million pounds be granted for the works in quee- liberality and progress with an influence second to >crtanceTo,u»i than ,to other nation* All that wa* none, if she desires to retain that influence, a ie mo>t now proposed was security against a coup de main. le independent, and independent she will never be if t*d against force detached to attaAk dockyards an* aquWtonfrom Strabo, enumerating,theadvantages Mr.Lisdsaymovedasan amendment that the'de- sheowe*herpowerorhersafetytoiheforbeananceof arsenals. I»thelas*war even sailing ships,inspite course of formation, and 12,000 mobilized national of Gaul as the seat of a powerful empire]. It can fense of the country chiefly rested on the navy, and an allT,'however well disposed toward her. The first 7 lb*'blockade of the English navy, on several occa- guar is, in fact, irregular insurgents, are under easily be understood that France should desire to re- that it was inexpedient to spend a large sum on land ccnditW of fri*ndship between England and France Mons brought troops and landed them on our eoarteuM1 Italian rifles, one battalion of Sons of Liberty, ?mostly foreigners, two batteries of artillery, onesquadron of cavalry. In a few days, however, twomore brigades of regular Italian troops, six bat- ation for tlie reanncxationof the Rhine frontier, itURGE ACCESSIONS TO GARIBALDI. talions of Sicilian rifles, and two batteries of ar- appears to us that a kingdom would not be too M.%h « price for her alliance Thanks to such a combination,ernment proposition in regard to fortifications was con- sidered. The pending quentioa was that a vote of twotillery, will be ready to take the field, all in all, France misht resume her real limits, as traced^y tfie about 30,000 men. A regiment of cavalry is in gcogradhtr Strabo, 18 centuries ago. [Then followsarms. With these resources, Garibaldi will soon construct That divine work [I presumethe frontiers ot Gaull, thwarted f r so many centunes by the fraud ot be prepared to make an attack upon Naples, and man, and this is so much in.the nature of things, that to overthro n the confusion which is now reigning at a peiiod when we were not. thinking of territorial agerar.dizetr.ent. Germany was nevertheless subject to there. The officers of the fleet have openly de- periodical fits of uneasin^se, and flung at ua, as a pledgefortifications. . »..,.•«• A gentr&l debate, ensued, in the course of which Mr. Bright made a long and characteristic Bjpeech.in denun-ov<,rtensions of the.Czars to the decaying empire of the Soltan? W e think not. If Russia Unt ushrr cooper-simplicity as if ho were writing of the management of a private estate, or giving an amount of h's n,te«:tions with legard to tie abandonment of a troublesome law-. come to re, ard as moderate. Even now, the army tuat won Magenta a d Solferino is declared imperfaot,, and tbe steam-navy which pro**cted ite optrations inade-Mr. HorBmao defended the course taken by the Go v- ernnent in appointing the Defense Commission iuful- filln *itt of a pie-j/e 10 the House, approved of its com- position, and concurred in'its recommendations. Heurged the adoption of tbe resolution, and only regretted that ii did rot go farther toward the rapid and immedi- ate completion of the works.Sir F- Smith said that although, as far as the sea-Next follows a short passage demonstrating, by suit. The Emperor of the F.-ench has lived long quate to the requirements of France. The Emperorhappily tbis is no< all. If' we remember the past it is and be parucnlariy referred to the land defenses of The Government has fixed Thursday for the vote on doom is sealed since the fanaticism of the Lebanon we must not; take less than two-thirds of Rhenisu deed, ev*ry light to be flatt-red, for the great Eoipsror for war; ing, and not in a spirit of resentment. We Portsmouth and the works on Portsdown Hill, whichJPrnseia, thejwhole of Rhenish Bavaria, and about one- fee Galway Subsidy. It is hoped no Irish members and Damascus have roused the indignation ef the ^nird of the Cjrrand Duchy of Hesse. All these territo-of the French, the arbiter of the destinies of Europe, has taken the poorest and meanest among UBinto a con- fidence which be is far-indeed from extending to theshall no-, be betrayed into a policy of passion. We cau he characterized as not only useless but dangerous from- k t k tbe future boldly in tbe face. The course France a etrategic point of view.mean comprances to regret, no wounded honor to regard* d Mr. Bright'* argument, said that he had rath- avenge, nothing binders us from • welcoming frank'y er triticit**d a number of amateur plans than objected toany advances made in a spirit of friendship. The Em- that of the Government, Toat phtu was, not to encir- perorof tbeFrenchknewayearagot,har<allourmo*c clethewnol»-coastwithworksor tosurrouniLoudoneminent statesmen of recent times nad repeatedly and with forte, but to defend onr naval depots, ou which publicly proclaim, d the importance they attached to the eaihUnce of our fleets depended'. Tho noble lord the maimenance of amicable relatione aud a candid un- with s<ine minuteness commented on and repl-ed tothewill he absent. .DENMARK AND SC1TLESWIG.Quarrels have taken place between officers of the Danish service and the citizens of Readsbrag.FRANCE.The Superior Council of Commerce has already held From an Occasional Correspondent.fcur sittings devoted to an inquiry into the cotton trade,at which a great number of French, English, and Bel- • The observations made in my last letter upon the pathy is lavished on the'French traveler in thoBe parts, assuring explanation. The letter, too, is interlardedcivilized world against a power unable to give ries formed, under the Empire, the departments ofprotection to its subjects, and to prevent the most, atrocious outrages.has followed has been full of inconvenience for us —it Lord. P«lni« 8'on bumorouriy combated Mr. Berke- great inajorny of his subjects. Wben we are assured has entailed burdens not iuconoiderabls. but, with no ley 't notion tbat fortifications were^tu-English; and asTHE RUSSO-FRENCH ALLIANCE.•f Commerce, presided. ; and the Russo-French alliance, have received un- tl ere. For the last 45 years not a single French of intimate friendship, but do not usually offer to the soldier Las garrisoned those to wns on the banks of the eye of an indifferent, perhupe of an unfriendly, reader.NAPLES AND SICILY. expected confirmation from the other side bf the Rhine, and yet it is marvelousto see the touching re- Thus.,we are told in the first sentence that affairs are Ttmi», Aug. 2 (7?}.—One toousandvolunteers left to- Channel, in the shape of a pamphlet published at ception our uniform meets with there. Catholics like complicated, thanksto the mistrust excited everywhereityj for Sicily. Five thousand more left on the 4th. Mr. Dentu'B on Tuesday last, entitled. " La Syrieet us—like us they are Frenchmen. Was it not at Aix-la since the^war in Italy. There is nothing here aboutarguments of ihe different members who bad spoken tbat we shail not purchase fiieudstiip by a surroder of vso.ks would require a.large increase of troop*; whileTke men are conveyed by steamers.It is stated that two of tf » Neapolitan regimentshavemutiniedtothecryof"VivaGaribaldi.*'V Alliance Ruse," and ascribed to the penmanship Chapelle thai our Emperor, Charlemagne, hald his the macffiiiatioDs of ancient par<iec, about delusions, of M. Edmond About. M. Dentu, as you are Court?* * * Contiguous to Prance, the Rhenish prejudices and rivalries; the effect is attributed at onceour piit cities or a sacrifice of our obligations. If with this knowledge he wishes to draw cioter to this couo- iry, he wid be met with a full appreciation of the value of the alliance he ofl'ersv Itis in the Empenr's p >wer to effect tha. approximation which his latter invites. The people of England and France have so many uiter- ehts in common/that unless the development of hes^ isin case of voir tne necessary inceat-e of our military force would'supply the men ie eesary for tho purpose. A» to the mconeistency of there prooeediogp witii the tualy with France, this com 'uiwdon was appointed long h-fore the tr. a'.y was thought of, and there was noth- ing in: he principle of security and self-defense which cLehed witb the relations of amity which might SpringProvinces must become tbe political, as they are the aware,istheFrenchGovernmentpublisher,who naturaldependenciesofFrance."to the true cause, aid tt-e case admitted *rtth a frank-nesswhichleavesnothingtobedesired. TheEmper- interruptedfromabovetheymust,becomemoreand'm>re ou»ofcommercial'intercourse. ITieGovernmentwasRoer of the Rhine, and Moselle of the Sarre, of MontTonnerre, and the Grand Duchy of Berg. In 1815,they wei e distributed among several posseasofs, toreijdt-r their recovery by ns more difficult. A remark- thing, we have not' the slightest right to dispute tne ablefactis,thattheseprovinces,annexedtotheFrench .truthoftheassertion. It would be difficult to sug- Monarchy, were but a few years in direct iutercou se gest any topic with regard to the foreiga policy with us, and, nevertheless, our temporary stay among of France interesting to the people of this country tbem hasieft the most enduring marks. What sym- on which there is not the fullest and mvst re-LONDON, August 3,1860.gian manufacturers were present. 11. Rosier, Minister secret connection between the Syrian massacres we1 willingly appeal to those who have traveled with admissions euch as men. make in the coufidenre ' derstanding between tbe two countries; he now know* againt-t the plan. He d<nk-d that in time of peace theor wishes to.live on tte best terms with all his neigh- uiiited in fe*ling and sympathy. But confidence can- ready landed in Calabria. He would shortly advance from time to time initiated Europe into the The writer then returns to Russia, and after bors; h« has renounced Savoy and Nice, andvwas only not grow up under a system^which works by surprisesfifteen hundred of Garibaldi's volunteers have al-has isdued all the semi official pamphlets, whichonly performing what they fell to be a duty in propos- ing tbu- resolution, which was in unison with tne feel- ing of the country, and he trusted it would be carriedthat nothirg m kept back, that the Emperor nas cold us all he thh/ks, without disguising or admitting any-Ipute tbe policy or necessity of their existence, but weassert that their existence hnposeson nsduti>B whi^bwe must not fail to perform. W e cannotaffoi d to existon sofferance; if we are to cntinue a great Power, iig tb« foxtifi'ations of ev*r; navy arsenal on Ms it mnBt be by bur own strength, aod not by the per- uiaet; W e bad r>o right to cxrmplain of it, an*!'.'.'«'4 u ^ciation of the proposed scheme, aud of the increasing lar reduction on our part poBsiblej'bm-itcightto be country. Suppoemg her sea line forced, England moreLet France disarm, and the effect would immediately conld be made available. He urged that preparationsces which Loid John Russell pointed out to him iu the sic'n, arguing that the evidence showed that we had hrld in Spafield's Chapel, London, ia cele/oratf-m of fraikest manner, before it was too late, as the conse- now mojeVrt'hVafiona and guos tbau could be madewhose sole object was believed to be to drive Mr. Gladstone from the Cabinet. <^THE ENGLISH PRESS ON THE EMPEROR'S LETTER.From The London Timet, Aug. 3.'.The Emperor of the French appeared before us yesterday in a new and by no means ungraceful char- acter. We know him well as an accomplished orator,defended, and which contained the germs of new de- to b»-r r.aval sirengtri in anything like the relative'pro- by aportvonof the foreign press agaiust the policy of Be characterized the idea of danger from foreign ag-the Empire to prejudice or malevolence; but that is possible no longer.ression which pervaded the mind of the Government, {'ariament, and the people as a lunacy which would. come to an end some t.iue or other, but he declaredsome Governments value it so much that they are w» ile ih*ir policy had bee<J.identical from the time of res-dy to make sacrifices for it, and leave untried no the Crimean war oows to the existing question ofnotorious t.at we have hot. He has given Europe plainly to understand that it most buy from day to day the peace which is its first necessary of lde. When our Foreign Minister has remonstrated about promises broken and rights infraged, ne has been told by Count Peiaigny tbat " the pasoions of France have b$ennoli1ary e>x>< ndi'ure and the military tendencies which p:evau«-d in th« country.monarcha trtmble on their thrones. Bat he comes be-fore us now in another character—as a frank and fa-miliar correspondent. The Emperor has written a let-ter to the British nation, through the transparent medinmof his Embassador, very much as one privategentleman might confide his sent'ments and opinions toanother. If this be diplomacy, it ia d plomaey strippedof all its pomp and trappings, without its caue andite snuffbox, its star, ite diamond-hilted sword, and itecocked hat— diplomacy io its plainest garb fcid ia itsleast reserved humor. Mankind have hitherto beendieposed to consider that great affairs must have a lan-guage cf their own. lii our old plays the kings andnobles talk blank verse, while the servants, soldier?, ihe least. We never doobted as many d d, the declara- with n jzard to the armed strength of France. He'didtion of the French Government, last Spriog, that 1 had sot object to strengthening' ihe seaboard, but to theproportion of uselew lano fortifications. He aleo ob- jtcud to tbe tompisition of the commission, questioned tie coufp-tency, and urged tbat they had not taken suf-precisely the tame terms, and' with as much easi and come normal and which Frenchmen have af. length ficient evidence.ED p*-ror, vtho was on the spot, has s.en the defects, ui denioble tbat the Emperor has taught Frunce to look Stratlord de Redclifi'e, in ctdling the attention of theand is only anxious to remedy, them. In the East hewishes only for the status quo, and that Turkey shouldlive as long as possible, lit. was transported with iu-d:gnation at the Syrian outr»ge; but he rememberswrirft Algeria has cost, and desi.ea no acquisition thee.His ccnqoes?8 must be at home. He is vviluu? to actwith: Erglatid in Southern Italy, as to which he idbound by no treaty obligations. He desuv-s to quitRome •wren he can do so without com,jromwog r.henecessary to eu\er in detail into tne atrocities which bad hewn committed, nor into the origin from which ibey bad spring... He could Dot refiain, however, iiom reniaikinj.' v*pcm the iiec^SHity for taking prompt a> d effioirnt n^afurta in o-der to put an end to the pr» Mfnt »^tute «f things in Syria with the least possiblesafety of the Pope. He seeks no new acquisitions to attain tbe object* marked oui in hi-, latest letter. l'.cc».stity but. neither that nor communiCAti^n* withneighbor en the Rhine, and by promising to supporthei legitimate pretensions to preponderance iu Ger-causes Bavaria a i d Prussia to take their conipensarioasfr< m Austria. The E- gbsh al'ian.ie can only secure to been "written—in a spirit of fair and honorable consid- dor, and with a sole refereuCe to ihe permautsut inter- o'te Bo'culd n«t object to see European iot*rfereace, orev*n tli.e inteiferonce of one pdrttcular Power, under the swi.cti- n 11 a treaty. Sucn a course was, no doabt, 6p>n to risk. Syrii *HB tne key to Egypt,and any ex- tei sion ol th- interference might lead to a war between tie maritime Powers. Then, ihe Le.iauon never had b»Mn luliy subject to Tu'key. aud promises had been made <o t"e. tribes of ihat district by, the Brittah that their ind»pendeuct) hhou»d be secured, aud To kish tr< ops should r o t be adu.itted within tueir confine^ Still such.atr cities as rave recently taken'place could not, be pe mitied to go u punitbed, and he was sorry io n-.y tnai he placed nut HUall reiiauco on the secuntieaarieweiedby the recent better of the Emperor of the be n axte into ihe conduct of-, the autuoriti.ee, and "intervention for non-intervention,"as it was face- o; tbeir arms, and the result on the ulterior orgiuizvAon pensation in Austria—that Power would be punished quite right tbat .we should niaet the fraukuesj of French. Although some members might, bave doubts especially ir?te that of t'Btrian B*y. He th^n pro-i Our Own Cerreapos&nt./open to her a boundless huzon." T h e alliance between France, Russia, and Prussialoyai'y concloded, as we have reason to hope it willbe, t. e ooosequenceB that flow from it are most natural.. . . . We have d-.monstrated above what 1,800 yearsago Strabo had laid down as oeyoi;d Question—;hat theRhine was the natural fiontier of Northern France.THE QUESTION OF FORTIFYING ENGLAND. In tbe Er.glish Honse of Commons, on the 2d inot, the resolution cuncerniiig fortifications and works wastaken .up. . '~ .JoJy."When Kossuth in 1851 and 5£ preached the doc- trine in England and the United States, that all theT U R I N ,29,1860.rtility,- they wilt not willb gly look upon hie advances in a spirit of suspicion; they are only too wUliug t> be- lieve tbat the mighty Power that they find in sui-.u clos-i proximity to themselves cherishes no oth.-r feelings to- ward them then those which befit a, goodfrieud and neighbor. A great part, of thn profeeeionsof tui* le ter —those particularly which refer to Southern lUly, to Tuikey,andto Syria—admit of being broaghttoanof Europe 1 T isis what.we *re aboil: to investigate. for her bad faith and clumsiness. Let all be organized the Emperor of the French.witn correspondi"g frank-.1oppressed nationalities of Europe require is the their safety, must be prepared bodily to interfere. IfteeogiitioD of the principle of non-intervention by they tarried, it wou'd no longer be tine to protect vic-thefreeGovernments,backedbythethreatofa tims;theironlydatywould*>etoavougdmartyrs.war against any power infringing that principle, he " Two nations are especially interested in defending between France and Prussia disappear; let the leftthe Cross on;those distant Bhoies—France »nd ctussia hand of the Rhine become French once more; in ex- was looked upon as a visionary, and his theory of "What Mould be the probable consequence of the union change for hev good offices, Prussia wou'd fini a com-Tand we rejoice sincerely to•Uonsly called, was snubbed by everybody who ." At certain periods of niacory welkid .hat unier the for a OUTable peace.of those staiena-n e—(an assenting cheer here came<• < d» a to inquire into the caubes of*the movement, V.oeimpnh-eof <:exta.>c laws of attraction aod agglomerationness. Without the least, calling-ia question th? Bin wr-from n o s t parts of the hnur-e)—he (Sir. Liudcay) uad of which, it ww an-eried, was tbe weakness of thenone. [Ironical cleors.J Be contended that if we Turkish GoveriiUicnt. This weakness, if it existei,thought himself a practical pol tician. Eight yearslater, however, Napoleon took up toi* principle as peoples form political cotn'>inauon«i unknown to tbe anuexatioB should take place. With Russia at Coo- in tbe fu lest manner that his letter forms a valuablepa»u We are 'a-»JBtin^' a^ one of tiiese crioical in t- stai th.ople; France on the Rhine, Aas-ria diminished, programme, the ou lines»f which it should be the ob- regard* Italy, declariog that he would not toler- nienie in the lirV* of mankind. The Sy?iaa queatiou is_ ard Prusbia preponderating in Gej-mauy, where canbut one of theknofs o:' a very comp:ica'.el,sttaarion.The whole or' Europe is ixx a stite Oi ex-oectauon addany cause for disturbance or revolutiou be found in Europe? Wrould Eegland dare ti contend singlely, annexed or in the course of annexation, to Sar- the bafcw of a lasting pe* e both IUEur<>|w and in the cannot adu,it such a thing. If, however, it did hap- broacly that the cause and object of chose preparati -naEas?. Now Hbat object can only te atyarned iu s6 tar pen, it Great' Britain should venture to commit eoch is tlie Emperor of tlie Frenca himself. It woula be dinia, while Napbs and Rome maintain their as the organization of our contiuent ai«il oe iu confor- an impudence, s'ie might receive a severe lesion unworthy of us, whom ne ha^ treated with so much-tain to follow the common sentiment of the rest of yoJ«e. Hostibs religious tendencies, iasompatiijilicy ara.or. But though she-will be reduced to a sterileNow Prussia is the greatest sufferer from this exten- :ijcumedibte prneiioiil tesrfind that the Emperor of the Freoca is so reaHOuable and so moderate with r< g»rrf to Syria, and so fair a'tdMr. Lindsay moved, as an amendment, that as themfcir d-leiee of Great Britain againht. aggression de-pends on an,« Ificient navy, it is not now oxo«die it toentej n t o a large expenditure in permtne'ut laad forti-fications.Amongotherargumentst^ehonorablemem- whichtbePor«ecouldgiveonthapoint,asitluvibeen ber SJiid ihatthe starement^ of Lord PalmersUiu, wi'.h guihy ol the great* st >eaiieBn«-ss. if uot of actualcor.uiv- regard to ihed&ngersof invasion from France, were anc*.. He'hoped teat a judicial inv«etigatiou wouldsion of tetritory. For the last 45 years she has keptthe Rhine as the d agon used to keep watch over tbegardeDoftheCesperid*-s Letthiscaus^ofhostility hberaiwithrespecttoNaples.Wereceivetneassur-" Let the populations:be consulted, so that no violentity of the Emperor of the French, aud while admittingance with the utmoi-t savicfaction, aid hope sincejre'y that our foreign policy will be conducted so as to fid up tbe Outline which this masterly band has irased But it isbegan to fort'dy 'there would be no cod to it utir.il ev «ry aro»» JH in t! e Btate of the fmaiiceM being too rciured Weak point on the eo»t*t where au army migt.t Uod te keep up the proper stre gth of the army. T&ere ject of dhr•foreign policy to fill np, we Cannot sen any was m»de se uie. Be urged that our navy was our wusiio excH-e lor t is state '•i tbinge as Turkey hadwbic.r. he believes to b*quite sulllcien',,nt a titnt wheiiqu»hMi n WHK IIJV tt. gtave. The great war of priuci- pU> hud hitherto lH.en kept m thr dbtance by paiHa. tiv»»-, but vie were being ratudly brought in preseuoe of tl at ti*n »nd«,us wur ^hici nud been so long im- Viaing. He was, ihoelore, glad to see tha,. her Majesy s Goveum *ui were iualrit»g every effort to tlaveI'iiecouMiyinao»fllvunistateo(defonssby 'J.« tie Hon of fvWJficaiioi s—-fiurts wfiich he irus'-ed would r*ceivr. the Mipport of ihi-ir LoidnhipV House.VVAt-fir>t wgh%' France and Iiu»aia appear t» h^pe Abd-tl-Kader. He ts t-uffl-jieutly-'orthodox as a Moslem be that the necessities of the position which the Em- the navy, <,0-Pom.dt rs and a number of SO.p.muders Ho biierest*.. Tim peculiar uoxit on of the Syrian por>u-r^aiiztd the iqedd of monarchies. Though 4U0 Ioitru^!} to conciliate the Mussulman population'; he is safflijient- pert r of the French occupier,—a po^iiion of which he i« would shortly be i^u-d, while there Wtro li> oatteri-s, IMUOH wiihi«g^vd to the P tte waa due to an i:giVe- 1, np-tstaire- c hearing 0 their pew the chH;« tbat if th seat Ttto eay tbe lens?., of tlie most IVirmidabla dimennioub.tolookatapiactifisl subject ih a poetical ami prai- days'U88 of the command of ttio sea is ruia to otir on y•Amisuonp gun* in tbo navy, and that tuere weretichl likh^ we would say ourfeboio is made; a man credit, our lonmierce and our manufactnroji Tne i.HiJiuisir.ho French navy. All the cast-iron gnus*#&, Totiy and <-airy out that principle without basjggWome lorward .who s^eme the iocirnat.ioo of machine is so complicated that it will not boar the ill*d by tlie Fltnch had iovariably burnt. No !«•, frrreu to u-aiu-iHif gr\at t*ou«vqaoncQ anddelhacy, having r^oourtt; to <li'm^. ihemSF^e should wiPh to sc«.1rpprei.euted m Syria— siigluest. or mos'. t<:m])«>ra*y deraugemenU It may <*e.I t inn U Arnrstron^ guns a week were being i «uod t,> at d their publication would be de.riir>e»ntat to the oa^-ance on the Neapolitan ma«n. ilw, or^an zed 'divide th*:n;, theite'twd Po^verh havy nrriVods^by th's ly civilized to distribute JHB»ice equally to all; h ).esur«dly tlie b»*t.'judge—u.ay render I. Decessary l'ui* moi.iitii g 7V Armrtror g guns, in the hands of oor laod n cut nude between the European POOCOJS au>i tb.«iin-ces now consist o(" three bngtoVs o( r^g-Jar m'»sr. di;Je't-n: roads at .ha', acij'.y which alone U able p attached to Frunce by tief. of gratitude;' he would c is him to maintain an army appareut'iy disproportioned nrtiii.iy. Mt ayrei.d as to tno possibility of i vuslou, l'oite aHtr tin- pro-troop*, that ;s to >w>, Italian voltiMfcers, four•cito.'* c'uiabI-3 eatpii>B, n"' ephemeral circi:.*ia-rjjfci >a, t«- %the C'hrisvians, and rt duye to obedituce the t,»ii-bu- either to the fo'H-nro or doner tic wautw of his empire, aid.that -whte much nul almost everytili»gmight be r tbe evacuation of thee nurrj by the KgypV t/,»c limits of which"ajty tc changed a.:v d..y by liii ient sribes ever ready to disturb..therepose of Asia I and a navy on ihe protection of which the traiiaoc4 exp4cvcu of ihe navy, it wasnecetnarv to have some* mo tro<}s iu 1840. Tre Govotnmeot Had this. d*f-.iv^^i^^;^^:.^';;^^^,.^—,4;^^-^^^^Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York f 13069. -Lf.: ' ttttl3liiil'' *'-•*-^-i•^^ffimiyr^iMrnkM..^»^iii^^j^«^W.W'^^^^^V^'''^^^^-.^^- ''^'*'••** ».'V^^.-WM^y.v^^ritA^.»v-.,»-.*~,.'~~2*^jy^iUntitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comMr II. Bn key seconded the amendment:roitted tbbt there was. an absolute 1ocessi y for defend- ddbitput.in pracrice the r. forrs waici she hadanio U:uig to fall back UJHUI'. AS regards ihe letter of thereceivedU dispatch from tho Consul at lhmuiK-iul Consul at Dumaftcus," '..'.•• .'4He »d-'ii n'K.x. ban a, peered in the p*p« rs t>ef re Parliament, sentiment which wa8 in consonance with the nanW arid to leh.ni under what joi-trui-tions our Consul- <^r«r..l 1hd acte". In anv),lur poiut of view thiemen to walls of s'.one for the d«fen-e of the coa.itxy—alhafcwae lelt had oauw-d fortifications to be erected in every$Knrope the uneasiness whichteat it originated io tbe hypocrisy and the cowardice of Cabinets. Be pointed out that at a time Wien w« w«-ie in armed Miliance with France in China, andne- go'iatirg a commercial treaty between the two coun-irVquebUy been warned of the resbtts likely to ea«»uequestion,bad aiiuin be«n brought home to our doom. /\s lorg as'l uik<-y i; nliuuvd iu her present course, aui•pr< mised it would,be iu v«iu lor foreign, PoA-eri "» patitfi .up.this question, which might at any time ia* »\Ue ihe (OUu<ry»g».'i. iu war. One of his objects :D  