 «rt' •wiagfcit^ -hiohtt••MfBtrto* aur ctat L8«ad«*-thatwa *rtc&ooc*itf ««te awetaer, 5rec*kitt- tcan el •v/id for- <rik It support Srv>ckia- is* verya ticket 9I»t-<l to Krtefor igsandT**t is it.ed y*ur1857,relativetothesettlementofdamages,losses, and liabilities incurred by certain parties interestedwithCaliforniaproduce: cletopublicenjoymenL Butstill,thestreetsandlanes eventhepoorestareoftenhung withheavyvinesandSnips Champion, Cowper, George, and Panrpero, forNow- were busy enough with jubilee. The uncomfortable decked with flowers. The oldwomen, in their great York; Jacob Wolls and Comet, for Hon* Kong; Lizzie Spal-'.whoitltK •ftueL65 13 37 I 337404 :J66 733 596 273:m497 t22 e:$a6773 402563The Prince of Wales. firm CoYVitv firm. TKAdull, and unchanged. RICE firm.TAIIOW onch»r ged; sales at 62/. SPIUITS TTTKPBBTINE steidy Sather & Cburob...... 75.000j Edward H. Porker... &.C00faced. The Duke announced the intended ceremony,'the Prince wayedtheswordasecondtimeintheair, panyiseither prudent,and aware that some ofits wonJdleavetheroom.f--i" 1 •:Ii'E lW'. 1i.infurnishingbrickfortheWashington Aqueduct, KORE FAILURES EfTHELEATHER TRiDE. ding\W&Banger,andKleiper,forAustralia. shadowoftheumbrellaceasedtohoveraround,which roundbate,carryingaboutbundlesofstrawwith• j-:•GENERALINTELLIGENCE.;'.;..the afernoon,and a ball in the evening. The city thanthatofNiagara—butthestream is soslender byweeklies—are out of printing paper, and unless a larg* supply now on the road arrives within a day or tw». there must b e a general suspension. Publishers w h »%4i'.'proached the cty, Tbe rain at the time ceased, bat again commenced, and in coaaeqaencea of the unfavor- aoleneeg of tbe weather the preparations for the grand reception were not completed, and tbe hviding was postponed till 10 o'clock to-morrow. The illumination wae also deferred. .•About 40,000 people, who had aa*embl«d on the quays to witness the landing were not only disappoint- ed, bat drenched.JLarse Fire In Os-we^o.The market waa well supplied with American pro- duce.. Staves were in demand. , At Barbadoes flour was low.COMPLETION OF MINOT'S BOCK LIGHT.—The new lighthouse on Minot's Keck has been completed, and last evening the iantern was lighted up for the first tnnetotestthepowerofthelight. Thelanternwas covered so as to prevent the light from being seen byEash sub- pinnacle abyss o f humaninsignificance,feltthathehadachievedasort of moral anti-climax, and reflected upon the vanity of regal associations, of which he regarded himself aa an appropriate flluatratioh. Beside the gentlemen civilly attired,thereweremanyinuniform, andmanywho combinedintheirgarmentsallthehuesoftherainbow. Somewerecarefullyropedinallover,withgreatgold cords,asifthere were dangeroftheir consequencebreakingloose,andgettingawayfromthem. Soma wewojajawKHrea with.dbgoratioM of eruptive ehar*c-jand Surgery, has been ordered oa a tour of inspection, mouaxcha made speeches favorable to German unity. and w i 1vhot the Naval Hospital* and aide quarters bethis State.A correspondent writing from Shaws Flat,TuslamueSILAS B . DUTCHEP., President, in the chair. Messrs. E.E.Jeffries, W.F. F.Chapman,J.H.H.Ward, E. Warrieri and F . Shepherd, were appointed a Com- mittee to -exazoioA and report upon tbe credentials ojf¥>V'?$??!SP*1S1S^£^^tt&mmrw.BreadstufEB Steady—Consols Deollned.•/. ST,JOHN'S,N.F.,Aug.23,viaSackvffle24th.will amount to upward Of 10,000 tuns, of which meat, wool and hides form the leading articles.permanently back; the jaunty fennnine hat, with its their infirmities; the rough-bearded men, driving their audacious sweep of tinted feather, appeared again; pink bulgy market wagons; the small children rolling about kids,andlaces,andsmiles,andothervividluxuriesof tbethresholds,clothedmostlyininfantilemodesty,andTS£CEZVia> B ? ItiaiCETIC TEIJSGBAPHL•FOUR DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE.ARRIVAL OF THE CITY OF BALTIMORE.LATERFROM CALIFORNIA.THE VISIT OF THE PRINCE OF WALES.tor-great knob*of prtfOtK ran in their m#WtS8HtM7L^n"tIl« „ * « ^f gpreviouslydecidedwasdueto-Mr.Degroot,under the resolution of Congress similar to the above, passed in1857. ,The sum allowed by Mr.Cobb was some $29, COO to Mr. Degroot, and to all par- ties concerned in the contract. In this law of 1857,bywhichtheawardof$29,000 wasmade'*byMr.Cobb,itwasprovided, "Thatonthere- bria. ':.-;""•'*'ceipt of that sum by the claimants, they should Garibaldi is reported to have been at Naples'to con-"surrender to the United States all the brick fer with therevolutionary leaders." made, together with all the machiaery and ap- Naples had been proclaimed in a state of siege.ByanamicablearrangementtheStatePrisonhaslessees being allowed $27,000 for the surrender. A n known to display such perfect abandonment of toilet. descends with hardly a break in its regular and. sym- paper require a large capital, or extremely limited edi-«« pliances, a n d other personal property prepared " for executing the said contract, and the contract "shallbecancelrd." Hereitwassupposedthatall claim ofMr. Degroot, orothers associated with him, ended; but not so by any means. Enterpris- ing lobbyists took the thing in hand, and smuggled through a t t h e last session/ t h e resolution first befoi e named. 'The President hesitated, as I hear, about signing it; but, upon importunity, at ia«t affixed his signa- ture. ; The Secretary of War has gone over the same ground as didMr.Cobb, andMr. Degroot is to get $119,000, independent of what he and other parties before received. The most of this is for constructive damages, or £>r what a s profits would ha?e been h a i Congress not failed to make the proper appropriation, whereby the contract should have been carried out.Within the past week a memorial has been ad dressed to the Secretary of War, signed by George A. Bates, for Kellogg & Bates, asserting that Mr. Degroot failed in business in 1855, and that all his right and interest, as assignee of Mechlin &.Alexander, came into their posoession by contract with the latter, and that they, and notMr. De- groot, are entitled to the amount in damages which has been awarded.Beport says Austria will renounce the treaty of Villa- franca, and actively opposeGaribaldi in Naples.The City of Baltimore has five hundred passengers. SECOND DISPATCH.that Solomon, at the culminating moment of his glory, \v as in no wise garbed like one of these citizens of Quebec. Like all great achievements, this opulence of decorationwasnoteffectedwithoutseriouseffort.For several days there had been a run upon all the haber- dashers, until all dealers in elegant frivolities of dress had been almost forced to suspend gloves and we)re really obliged t o hold stocks a t a premium. T h e levee set in at about twelve o'clock. The Prince assumed a position near, but not upon the throne temporarily erected in tbe Legislative Council Chamber, and stood surrounded by S r Edmund Head, Lord Mulgrave. Lord Lyons, the Duke of Newcastle, Eari St. Germains, General Williams, Admiral Milne, Sir Allan McNab, tbe Bishop of Quebec, and others whose individual inferiority of rank was abundantly compensated b y t h e superior splendor o f their Costume. The group w a s altogether as brilliant a s dignity and adornment could make it. The presentations immedi- ately began. Tbe bishops of the Roman Catholic hier- archy, in purple vestments, and bearing,great cruci-the tenderest that nature gives. With allits impetuousvelocity, the fall conveys only the sentiment of a reallyfeminine softness. T h e basin into which i t plunges,darkenedbythesteepacclivitieswhichsurroundit,isindistinctly seen through the mists which radiate infive distinct columns from the foot of the fall, and floatweirdly over the black and agitated pool. The mys-tery of its disappearance is the most wonderful featureof the fall; for after it.dashes into this black and un-fathomedreservoir,itsdestinyisthenceforthunknown.Separated from the St. Lawrence fconly by a narrowstrip of land, it yet fails to meet the river it seems toseek, and, with all the vast body of watoir of which itis the outpouring,^ it disappears in the impenetrablevault which receives it, and can no more be traced.Fur'her;below, in the narrow plain, upon the very faceof the waters, which creep in from the St. Lawrence,the first great battle between Wolfe and Montcalm, inTo the Associated Frew.tween Austria and Prussia is officially announced.The Emperor of Austria and King of Bavaria at-templafee returning to Washington with his family by ^prepared for the occasion. Then came the members of tbe overland mail route, and that he will comment theiouroey by the Jst of September. This indicates that the House of Assembly, also refalgent of button, and1diDetails of Calcutta news, to July 5, and Hong-Kong Convection to-day, nomioated A . W . Johnson of June 23, are unimportant.BelfastforCongrrM»,andEdwinSouthofWarrenfor Presidential Elector.Gov. JSankH and the Illinois Central Kailroad.The sloop-of-war John Adams w a s at Foo-Chow, and tbe steamers Hartford and Saginaw at Shanghai.Freights were advancing at Shanghai, and drooping at Hong Kong. .,. , ..themorning—withoutcessation. Theballwasbril-Banfcsbasaccepted the Preoiden^y of the I.li'iois Cen- tra) Railroad, and th*t in eons^queuce he will decline a re-nozniaauon for Governor of SLweachusetts.Gov. Bank*' Withdrawal froni iHaas- aenitsetts Confirmed.BOSTON, Friday,Aug.24,1860. ThewithdrawalofGov.Bankswcontinned,andtheannouncement coming unexpectedly jast pr<flVious'y to the i»8H-;mbIirg of ^the Republican S<iate Convention, active canvass nas abraady cooctmenced for a GubHrna- torial D<"mioacion. Am*og prominent gentlemen named are A . H . Rice. John A Andrew, G. S. Boutwell, and E. H . Kellogg.olepei, boot-makers of Northampton, for £200 000, and signed to serve as forts when necessary.The latest news from east of tbe mountains is con-Edmund Burvelot, leather factor, of London, for tained in the following telegraph dispatch:by a vote of 44 to 22. The original question was called for, which the Secretary moved to lay on the table. The Chair decided themotion outof order, and onaa appealfromhisdecision,hewassustained. Theorigi- hat question was then put and carried.I*ater from Mexieo. NJEW-OKLJCANS. Frioay,Angaat24,1860.day and Tuesday were 25,10© bales, of which 9.000 were taken by •peculator*,andexporter*. Themarketclosedfirmand active, a»d price* wer*-partially l-lt/24d higher.at Quebec, at 20 o'clock last night, and aa-nd-sd she P r i n c e t o t b i s c h y . A t t h e v a r i o u s p o i u t « a l o n g t h e river groupa of people asseoib'.ed on the shores, and obeezedand waved their hats as the steamer passed down wish th* Prince on board. R*in commenced at 10 o'clock, and continut d until the corteg-j arrived off IdootreaLI ThePrince came bythe North Channel, and missed a number of steamboats which had come down to me*t h'm. iThey overtook him at Pont de I/Isie. They vrere ^crowded .^rjth people, and gaSy decked with flag*, ev«igrt*jaa, &c., their paasengers cheering lustily as they came up with the Prince's veeseLAaKingstonwasp^aaedtheChurchbellsrangapeal and the crowd on the shore cheered.KKKADSTcyyi* aul»st bu'.iU ady; wetther uusettled. PROVISIONS dn:L . C»N»«i> oave declined to 92J. owing to warlike rumors. T h e m o r e y m a r k e t i s s l i g h t l y m o r e s t r i n g » n t -patch, from New-Orleans to The Charleston Mercury, g i v e s a f u l l e r a c c o u n t o f t h e p r o c e e d i o g s o f W a l k e r i n CtntTal America than w e have yet had:'" The arrival of the bark Araminta, which sailed from Kuatau on the 9th, brings us highly interesting aecbur-ts of the doings of the fitiibusters in Central:. A number of army officers were next presented, and8 e v e r a l s p e c i m e n s o f t h e s i l v e r OTO, t h o u g h t t o b eThe Prince's fleet r*acaed Montreal at 3:30. and wasreceived with a loyal salute of 21 guns aa it ap- passage of fourteen dayB from SU Bartholomew's.NO N E WMOVEMENT INSYRIA.**&M£. * Pike's PeakExprete ( k m ^ 7 r ^ U ^ ^ S ^ ^miSiTf ——sJysA - • • i^_- 1_. ...%. .m — L .^_^ off t h e mail sacks some t w o hundred miles east o fDenver, a-ud permit them to lie there* week; tart titer*A NEAPOLITAN VICTORY REPORTED.WAMJBSXIXA STATE OF SIEGE.Threatening Attitude of Austria.. - . • • • . SA W FRAKCTSCO, Saturday, Aug. 11, I860. Arrived. Aug-.'IO, bsrk Inrertiffator, from LtverpooLSailed, Aug. 9 ships Wilds*, for New-Y ork; Harriet and Je»-•ie. Hoas Kor-g; 10th, Ida D. Kogers, Hong Kong; bark Onward, Japan.The steamer Uncle Sam Baited at 9 o'clock this morn- ing, carrying 230 paesengers and $1,030,000 in treaenre, of-which $934,000 was for N*w-York. There went' by the same steamer $62,000 worth of Washoe silverNatural Steps," a n extraordinary chasm,amount of three times the sum needed. •• TherewasarumorthatSardiniaproposed tosendaTheSSanJoseReporter afterputtinguptheBreck- inridge and Lace flag, has puUea it down again.and in French, a long and formal addreis. T h e uni- versal opinion w a s that it sounded equally patriotic and substantial in each language. T h e Prince's reply w a swall of an ancient cantie, with turrets and towers right- ly placed, and with frequent apertures, not unlikeCommitteewasabsent, C.B.WAXTK,«esq.,ofChicago, 111., addressed the meeting at considerable length, fat regard to the condition of the political parties in themmxcmmmmmmmmwrm^ v$xa-lobbyitc*lastWinter,whenaresolutionwasgot THEVILLAFRANCATREATYTOBERENOUNCED. ore,desanedpartlyforNew-York,andthebalancefor celebration,exceptthatthemud,withodiousandmost progress,arealwaysprudent,andwatchfuloftheEngland,^ where it will be smelted and refined.tionofthejointre8o!utionofthe3dofMarch, InterventionAgrainstCraribaldl. Thefollowingvesselsarenowloadingatthisport depth,andlayineverythoroughfare,afeculentobsta- inthearrangementoftheirlands;andthehousesofthrough Congress providing that1in further execu-disloyal obstinacy, refused to abate one inch of its little fortune they enjoy. There is much,taste shownthe Secretary ofWar is required to settle theac-count of Win. H . Degroot on principles of Justice . andequity, allowing him for moneyactuallyex- pended;andtoindemnifyMmforsuchlosses,The steamship Jura, from New-Y ork; arrived a t Thislastclause referredtowhat Mr.Cobbhad Queenstownonthe13th.The aggregate produce carried away by this fleet was a great point gained. Hoods of calechei.were put apparently a vague notion of .being useful in spite ofliabilities, and damages, by virtue of resolution he wasentitledtoreceive, providedthaithereBbould.be deducted from said losses, liabilities, and dam- agesfoundduehim,theamountpaidtohimby hernewsobtained. the Government.washing; and onee in a while a bright young face peep-ingtimidlyfrombehindarude lattice,giveafairideaThe steamship City of Baltimore, from Liverpool> ofaa extensive-character. Money is abundant and cheap for to* Aug. 15, via Queensiown. 16th, passed Cape Race at 7 day's steaioier; collectious were quite easy, and most of the job- Iw-rswereanxioustodiscountth*«rrownobligationsntlj-^ cent.glide unsullied over the sBmy pools that infested the p. m. to-day (Thursday). -She was boarded bythe Siocethelastreportaniooprovingitendency canbenotedin Ba- wooden crossings, the dainty muslins rcse flutteringnews-boat of the Associated Press, and a summary ofcon Harn* and Pork, but they are only wanted In small quanti- from the impure contamination, I do not know that of the general population. It is all as unlike anything ties by dealers. Good 1859 Baoon anna at Lff&rfc. r 18ti0 do. atI4*c.;ClearPork;*1.7©610;MesB,$1550;BrinedMeat,1U@ publicplaintsorlamentationswereofferedonthat elseinAmericaas'couldbeimagined.There*arenoThe steamship North Briton, from -Quebec, arrivedQuebec yesterday labored under a complication ofceremonies. Therewereinthemorningnumerous methodsofliving,theirsystemsofhusbandry,their.at"Londonderry on the 14th.ThenewsbytheCityofBaltimoreisnotof striking vancedto12c. WTieatis'ccminginmore freely; choice exportp'resentations-at the Parliament House, involving ad- feelings, are all of a century ago.' '.;,.. .,, . ( .the Ditch Company, in one of the mountain courts made 'importance.Fifteen hundred English are to be landed in Syriafrcm the fleet. , EighteenhundredGaribaldianshadlandedinCala-samples are worth to-day S i 50. There is a great want of ma- nage, and vessels will be able to get good paying freights hence for sometime.The fall at the month of the Montmorenci is surpass-to order*tions. The politicians are sgain agitating the question of a State Government, as yet with indifferent •access. In spite of the dull times a good deal of building ia going on in Denver, including a Catholic church, the second house of worship erected in the country, the* Methodists having built tbe first, and a two-story brick store, which tbe contractors have bound themselves t o completewithinthirteendaysfromcommencingit.Thereisnonewmovement reported inSyria. TheEi glish Commissioners took out authority for 1,500 wing calling separate County Conventions to electATD.«.Pike's Peak, writing fromtite*Gregory Diggings, says of that business:" There kre n o w about fifty mills In operation, n * one of which comes up to the anticipations of ita friends. The reasons for these partial failures are ob- vious to every quartz-milt owner in the mines. In tbe first place, much of tbe machinery has been manufac- tured like(slop-shop clothing'—for sale cheap—and Uk* that same clothing, is found too cheap, when brought into actual service. In the second place, few of tha mills have any machinery for saving the fine gokL and nothing for pulverizing tbe quartz after leaving the stamps; and, in the third place, the quartz does notmen and marines to be landed. ' lGaribaldi had been at Naples to confer with theRevolutionary party.The Neapolitans olaim to have repulsed an attempteddelegates to one or the othtr of the Democratic State and Electoral Conventions. AH these County Com- mittees were composed last year of Administration Democrats. Theynowaverageaboutanequalnumber of Douglas and Breckinridge men. This is a favorablelanding of Garibaldians, near Keggio, and at Cau- indication of the Douglas struggle in the.---State, as thedri-ell.The Court party at Naples were demanding theproclamation of a state of siege, but the Government resisted it- ' '.It w a s reported that if Garibaldi lands in Naples,Gen. Lamoriciere wiil croes theB>man frontier undera promise of support from Austria, and that AustriaAnti-Lecompton wing of the party, composed last year almost entirely of Douglas men, was not re- preeen ed in anv of the County Committees.It is now uuuersti)od the sixteen State Senators w h o hold over and will vote for the United States Sen- ator next Winter, are about, equally divided into Douglas andBreckinridge sen. Tne El Dorado Coun- ty Committee ha>e had tw o meetings, and stood five for Breckinridge, four for Douglas, and three oh the-will renounce the obligation of Vniafranca and attack fence. The Breckinridge wing called a County Con-Garibaldi. ' vention for the 3d of September, and the balance of the Austria w a s assuming a threatening attitude, and Committee adjourned till to-d*y without any action.which the former was repulsed, was fought. It is a contain the gold that many have anticipated. Th«The Democratic Congressional Convention fortheFirst District, held at Kockport today, nomimated corps d'armie to Naples, to prevent complications from expire till the close of tbe next Legislature, is repre also given in. English and in French. And then,JZ: A- C. Beard forr Congress,PHILAT>£LPHXA_, Friday, Aug. 24,1860.The Republican* of the Fnree Cong i-eeaonal Didtric of New-«ler-«y have nominated the Hun. John T. Kixon fox ree'kction-PORTLAND, Me., Friday, Aug. 24,1860. The Democrats of the I Id Congressional District inGaribaldi's landing there.The Empress of Russia is enciente.SenatorWattOn ofSantaCruz,whosetimedoesnosented by The Placerville Californian to be a Douglas while everybody drew long breaths of anticipation, andbristling embrasures, but which here emit onlyjets of West. He predicted that Illinois would give a majority foam. The river was yesterday swollen to nearly of from ten thousand to fifteen thousand for Lincolnat the ensuing election.The Committee having finished their labors, reportedfavorably upon tbe admiesion of delegates from the Second, Fourth, Sixth, Seventh, Thirteenth, Fifteenth, Twentieth (exclusive of Wide-Awakes) ana the York- villeWide-Awakes. Tbereportwasadoptedwithaa amendment, that an additional delegation of three be admittedfromtheEighteenthWard.••Mr. TUCKER moved that the action taken at the last meeting be reconsidered, inasmuch as there were a number of new delegates present who were ignorant of'The Princes Daniello, of Montenegro, had beenahot by a Montenegrin refugee, and died shortly after- including the Commercial and Washington Hotels.moved uneasily, aad looked about awkwardly, as if.uncertain whether to await the event which rumor haddeclared to be of probable occurrence, or to withdrawwithout delay;/and while the Speaker . wore thatair ofdeterminedunconsciousnesspeculiarto persons attendedtheeveningballattheMusicHall,inQuebec, wfco feel themselves the object of universal scrutiny, and danced for Bix hours—from ten o'clock until four inan i yet labor under the necessity of manifestipg anentire unconcern in all- affairs of mortal interest, the liant, but less so than that given at Halifax. Thereward. .After all the fatigues of this active day, the Prince* COMMERCIAL INTELLIGE fiTCE,LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKKT —Thesales'of Mon- Creek.party had left, and the sunrise gun from the citadel was the only heeded signal for separation.FROM THE PIKE'S PEAK GOLD REGION.1• From Ottr Own Correspondent.which a motion to dispense with them were carried. Subsequently be stated that he had them in his pocket and would read them if desired.For a few minutes all W as confusion—a number « f gentlemen claiming tbe floor at the same time. M r . KITTKUHAND, against much opposition, finally obtained permisciontospeakonf,andproceeded,amidconsider- able interruption, to oppose the motion for the appoint- mentofaCommitteeonOrganization. Hedenounced the movement to reconsider the action taken at theThe cabin paseengers by the Uncle Saaa were as fol- lows: •./., .-.-,••-•'.„ S Martin, wife and two children; Miss Minette CasWless, N. STATE OK TRADE.—Tbe advices from Manchester Rawpon P L. Garett, Walter Morrf", W. Wi.lU. John Haydock, aiefavorable.IThemarket'Vanste»dirr,thonghqiiiet. Mr.Brookman,J.H.St:ass,JStSamuels,Q.Meadow,Walter LIVERPOOL- BRKDSTUKKS MARET.—The weather Mintnrn. Jacob'Jowns-nd. T. T. Dickinson, Chis. A. Williams, bad b*en favorable for the crops.' "WafreBeld; Nash'it Co. report Mr Klemiiton, wife snd infant; S. SfHey* J. Dillon, Miss Willi*, The late stonr did immense damage to the shippmg Flour steady ; Wheat quiet bat steady at an advance of Id.; Red D. Vail and wife. A. D. Leary, J. S. Samuels. J. Cohen, RichardDENVER CITY,Pike'sP*ak,Aug.14,1860.•Tbe freshest eensation in this region of excitements previous meeting as childlike and the work of a fewArrived, schooners R»d F >x and Balear, from Taai- pico Pth. They bring $400,000 iu »tx»cie. A ecndu^ta of$2600,000inspeciearriveaatTampico,onthe2d ine*.hasleencatu-edbythediscoveryofsilverleadsofgreat disaffectedpersons. Severalgentlemenessayedto alleged richness and extent, both in Tarryall and Blue ere-jk, when the previous question wascalled for, bnt Eiver Diggings, respectively sixty-five and one hun- withdrawn for a motion of Mr. BfNCK that all the pro-10/aS'll/S; Whitell/@l2/«. C-^rnfirm,and6d.higher; Afixed andYellow32;"2i32/6;Whit©35^35/6.LIVERPOOLPROVISIONMARKET.—Beefwasheavy. Pork heavy, and less salable. Lard steady, with a fair demand. Tallowquietbatsteady.Hoag,theR«v.M.Kerrigan, A. Chapman, E. A.Brinckerhoff, B.KelHan.,Mrs.Gillftt.and child. P«t«rVilvetch. R.B.VVan, MasterUpdegraff,Mr.GideonA.Hussman,H.Oussman,Mrs. AnnKeeiiey. Chas Legay, H. Koster, G. A. Campbell, Wax. Anson.Wm.Henderson, Ch»8. Penrce andwife.J.Wmg.M Voglesdorff. W . Dscamford, G. L. Pinney, S. C. Meigs. Elizaceedingsofthelantmeetingbonullandvoid.Mr.ELLIOTsekedforinformation, whentheChair- manstatedbrieflythatatthe)a*tmeetingaCommittee was appointed to draft a ConstitutionandBy-laws, which provided for a President, t w e Vice-Preeideata,on'beMexicancoast.The drouth was *evfre inNorthern Mexiso—thecounirydevaitateobyihecivilwar;andafaminewas feared.Guadalajara was siill besieged,'and Miramon e-rery- wber e. surrounded.Th<e LiberaJti are marching on ih* capital, > nd expect fir'quiet Bice steady. Coffee »t*wly. Ashes—Fots steady;tobetherebythe10thofSe;temoer. ear]*dull.LONDON MARKETS.—BREADSTUFFS steady. SCTGARNoNTRJSAi.,Friday.Aog.24,1860. at31/. Jjixntatif Oil,3o/. EugeneKellj......... 44,fi00jS.C.Shaw ....-, 8,C00 The Prince of Wales left Three Kiveru atT o'clock LONDON MONEY MARKET,—The London money B. T. Hastings*: Co... 43,000 J. B. Thomas 6,050dredmilessouthwestof this city.•At.Tarryallanas-sociation basbeenformedunderthenameofthe" Platte Eiver Silver Lead Mining Company;" and onLIVKKHOOL PRODUCE MARKET.—Rosin dull at 4/2for common. 8pirit« Turpentine doll at ZQ/G'dtfflfd ex quay. Su- Boorg, aud 178 in the ute^rageFri ay it crganized, by electing not only a President,Vice-Pr* sident, Secretary and Eecorder, but also a two Secretaries, a Treasurer, and a Sergeant-at-Arms.this mornirg, and is expected here at 3 p. m. The ? market was unchanged. , . Levi Strauss 37,3«4 Kirby, Ryne &. Co.... 5,800weather & exceedingly stormy. It is pounug with Consul* cloved J4th at 93®9»-J for money and 93J for account.- A- T.Ros^nbana! it Co 35 500iJ. B. "Weir & Co Sales of Illinois Central shares at 25*^2U discount; do. seven Lentn Sacb it Co...... 32,900jT. Tillmaurain,anditisfearedtheprogrammeofthedaywillbe pwcertBonds.1860.Freeland92j. Erie aharea24£&26. New- HenryHewlzchitCo. 30,750 C.H.Steyberg4,450 4,0t0 3,31)011,462 , $1,030,553gottosay—thenshutupandaitdown. CHAIRMAN—Gentienfjm will preserve order. Thesadij interfered witb. — . MONTREAL, Friday, Aug 24 1860.Three rivers were brilliantly Jlaminated last nightYork Central snares Ti7i>"9yLATEST—Via Queenxto-wn.LIVERPOOL A ng 16.—COTTON—sales yesterday of 18,000 b-Je», of wbi-.h i.000 bales were to specuhtors and export- ers Th>» market closed bou*ant, and prices were \<i. higher th inMills it Co............ Total....21,0C0'Other shipperseasy elevation, he afterward made calls upon hisfriercs, announcing himself with a particular empha-sis, and expanding that little word, of new and magic ganized his Court upon the prairie, tried, and convicted would remind tbem that the principles of RepuWica*-ic honor of the Prince.Tfce members of the Legislature arrived m 'he steamer previous to tbe Ambit's departure. Middling Orleans 6£4.import, Sir, until it wae a rare delght to listen to its THE CArTCRK OF TRUXILLO.—The following dis- utterance. >the criminal, and sentenced/him to tbe Penitentiary for five years.. . . •'ism would not be vindicated by gentlemen absenting themselves. H e certainly hoped that their proceedings would be <0>arac$«rixed by good feeling.The SECRETAAY, being declared in order, vindicatedUlovement*BAL TIMORE, Friday, Aug. 24,1860.their places vacant, the Synod of the Anglican Chur h them, assayed 1\ cents to the half ounce. A piece of he would cheerfullr«s,"6n«o fJTudgreJ>onsla».Senator Dougla* arrived here at 1 o'clock to-dav.He "was rejeived by a committee and escorted to bis America. The squads of men w h o had been arrivingentered, dieted in gown and hood, andf l*rd by Bishop Mountain. Tbe Bifchop read in a low yoice an address of a more earnest character than most of those which came before it. The Prince responded very bri. fly, and the body withdrew. Then the general levee com- menced. Nearly a thou*and persons were presented,have been taken, and as several friends have been kindenough to insert stakes along the leads, with the nameof yours most respectfully, written upon then, T axTRIBUNE will dowell to look about at once for another elect a Chairman. , Own Correspondent. For is it in human nature forfor weeks in fruit *esetls from •N*w-Orleans, had The Hon. Stephen A. Douglas left for Norfolk this finally sailed from Ruatan, under the flag of Caban-affirmative and 18 in the negative.The CHAIR then stated that the meeting waa in it*aftertoon. H«*w'll address he citizens,of ibis city on hisreturn, in about two weeks.nas, the ex-President of Honduras. Gen. Walker directed his first attack against th« City of Truxillo, inthe owner of half a dozen silver mines, to descend to the drudgery o f writing newspaper letters? A s Sena- torCriitendeninvariablyremarks,whenheisarguing a peculiarly desperate cause before a jury, I put it to your candor, gentlemen f" On the contrary, you need not be surprised at meeting me in New-York, ere long, intending, like tbe wealthy but untraveled En- glhhttan, to buy it, if I like it. A aught drawback to this pleasing proepect, however, is set forth in the re- mark of Santa Anna, after a long experience in that pursuit—that " only three classes of persons overwork " silver mines—those -who have more money than they " know what to do with,'those who have other peo- " pie's money, and fools." '•';" _Up to the present time tne gold-seekers on the mountains have been supplied with their lettersand Eapers by Hinckley fcCompany's Express. That lineas sometimes forwarded seventeen hundred letters in a single day, and daring the month of July it paid the Central Overland and Pike's Peak Express Company nearly$5,000forlettersandpapers. ThenamesofSupervisor Dutcher was, on motion of Mr. Ttfcx**. elected temporary Chairman, and Messrs. Martin ana Shepherd appointed Secretaries. -Afteravarietyofmotions,pendingwhichtheconsti- tution and by laws, adopted at the previous meeting, were read, t S motion toappoint a Committee of Seven. wan earned.The C H A I B appointed Messrs. Boyd, Shannon* Bounce, V an Orden, Beed, Bob*, and Happa,During the absence of the Committee a roccee oT five minutes wastaken.The meeting being called to order at the expiration of the time specified, the Committee reported a Consti- tuticn and By-lsws, wbich, with some amsndnamts, were adopted. Some discussion arose in regard to tht» section calling fortheelection ofaGrandMarshal. MOSES PLATT noticed that there were *swn* persona present who evidently bad dull axes, and wanted thent ground. It was said that some «cell-know» politician- would be appointed or elected Marshal, and would: consequently wield an immense influence. ,Mr.JEFFRIES calledthegentlemantoorder,and.FromSt.Bartholomew'*. NORFOLK, Friday: Aug. 24, I860..thelastaccounts,however, theBritish flag wasseen floating from tbe port of Truillo. It is understood here, among tbe friends of Walker, that he will pa»s through HondaraSj and take possession of the North- ern portion of Nicaragua. H is folio wers were, at the last advices, in high spirits and confident of the success of their scheme. T b e Araminta brings Capt John McCormick and the crew of the Ajnerican schooner Clifton, which seized by the British authorities at Be- lize, on the ground of her cargo consisting of contra- band munitions of war. The most intense excitement prevailed among the people of Ruatan against the domination of Honduras, and the people were arming onallsidestoresisttheproposedtranbfer.''.emonyisCompressedintothe shortestpossiblespaceof time. T h e thousand gentlemen were finished off in about an hour. The glories of artfully fabricated neck- ties and sindioucly twisted curls, and the hundred skill- ful appliances of the wardrobe blazed for one instant in the sunlight of the royal smile, and then wereThe schooner 8*Uie Bose has arrived here after aOSWJCOO, Friday, August 24, i860. inward bound vessels, but was open toward the shore. COUNTERFEITS IN CrficuXATiON*.—We axe informed A fire last xrigbt destroyed the workshop imdnlan- Tbe light waa a very powerful one, and could be seenIng-mill of Jesse King, and others. Loss $2,000; in- from a great distance. B y the side of it the lights on that counterfeit 5's on' the Franklin County Bank ofsured for$1,000. ^c^drnir. carpentev_andjorner^ tbelightshipseemedlikefarthingcandles- Wecan- $2,000;insuredlor«7O0jworkmen,andothers,f^uuo RratnnUetheT^ir,flT)tJifrcommunityuponthecomple- to$4,000,nomsnranee. Thefirethencpnnnnnjcated tionofthisimportantlightbeforeanotherseasonof tothebtydingoccupiedbythe0*w-g»KnittingCom- stormanddisaster. Thework hasbeenprosecuted pazj,wWchwasmamlysared,butthemachineryand tocompletionwithmuchvigor byCapt.AlexanderofMassachusettswereputincirculationinthecity,last—TheStateelection,inIowathisyearwilltakeplace stockwasbadlydamagedbywater.Leesabout$5,000,- the'EngineerCorps,the;%uperhitendent,to whom ontheearn*dayasthePresidentialelection. UntilwithanyPike's Peakfriendwhoisdsscribedbythe extremelycommonname,Smith,besuretoindividuai-Mr.PLATTtookhisseat,merely remarkittg^^f^insnwd. The loss o5 bufld'ngs owned by Geo. Ames Wnonntstoaboot$4,000; insured.the new law paaeed ia 1858, it took place in Ootober."• ---- • -.-'•'/>•/-/<Mr**«>m^tettbagreatcreditisdueforiuearly completien. fBostonJournal,23d.^S^fi!te9 &!?¥* iJ&*•' -J.;• / . . u-.••VWi.11jc. 'ButterandLardarealsofartherimproving;JuneIsthmus Butter sells at 32®33c.;. Choice Horn, in double packages, 25® 21c. J. H. St.Co Lard;hasbeen placed in smalt quantities at 17c.. andoutsidebrand*havemovedfreelyat18^18Jc. Domestic Liquors are a.trifle .firmer;. Prare Spirits, at 35®3(Jc.; Whisky; 8^Jc-;Rum,62*0.;Alcohol,6Co.,withamoderatebusinessd> ing. •Brown I>rillrags have declined to lQc. Gther goods are without change, and moving moderately. Crushed Sugar hasad-It was well that Nature showed consideration, forothervillagessoquaintinmanner andspeech,socour- teous, and so wholly unconscious of enterprise as theee Canadian French. Their thatched buildings, their8^a$|PPPP$8P^'TSpiP^FW^' '•'":;^-7p^??p.^wi^.«w*-'•'*•?'<.', y0081 ?XHlt "DEMOCRATIC SPLIT. FromOnrOwnReporter. ;•/.'• \,..;,.': . /•;.•.-•. Scotchmen with large lilts and small U£*) « * * fewTHE PARTY EQUALLY DIVIDED.QUEBKC, Wednesday, Aug. 22, I860. The weather burst out yesterday in a caprice of on" accountable loveliness,atoningformuchof thegloomIndian cHeftains, aboriginally glam, m ^ W * JJ*TM blankets and abnormal dign%, wifli d a r k ^ ^ TM 0 1 1 ^ straightnotes,;whiteteeth, andaneyeto$Mc^1*00*8•pwdU Dfaprfofc toTb* JL 7.WASHCXGTOBT, Friday, Aug! 24,1860. Fifteen HundredEnglishTroopsOrderedThere. San Francisco advices to Aug. 11 were received in pressed and disappointed populace to a bightof abso- Not long afterrthe:levee, thePrince, attended by athousandletters. River in six and aTHE W ASHINGTON AQUEDUCT A W ARD.The gatliaringherewithia, a day ortwopast of several notorious Ioboyites prepares people's minds for news o f a foray npon t h e Treasury. Y esterdayMr.Coon;andindeedalltheTreasurymagnates, were astounded by an award by the Secretary of War to Win; H . Degroo% in the sum of $119,000. This w a s double the sum talked of by Mr. Degroofc's-i.vK''<S> 'the city last night,.-..;; .;-,;,,-. .'••'^^r^'r-.j-ST. JOSEPH, MO.; Friday, Aug. 24,1860.of the preceding'week, lifting the spirits of the de- of traffic -.". • ....-., lute giddiness, and enabling the various festivities, forcounty, says as .to political matters, in that county," Old Tuslumne you may set down for the regularnominees. Douglas and Johnson sure unless a great Hercules' club, stepped forward and read, in English change shall take pWe before the election."man. . \A fire occurred at Graps Valley on the evening ofdiubleitsusual dimensions, and the effect of the water's passage through the chaem> sometime tossing playfully, sometimes roaring angrily, w a s greatly hightened.the9th,destroying35buildings,mostlybu:-in*88hmses,Loss $3o. 000.. Anotherfireinthegrainfields,nearSwizenCity,onthe 10th, destroyed cropB, buildroge arid improvements, doingabout$8,000damage.The patronage of the Pony Express is greatly in- creasing since the tripe are made in due time, and news receivec of the safe arrival of all letters sent eastward. The new buildings being pnt up on tbe line of the Ex- press for 300 miles east of Carson Valley in the placeBOSTON, Friday, Aug. 24,1860.A rumor, apparently well fouod<*d, states th*t Grov. leather trade. The announcements include Messrs. Pa- COfeet square with stone'•walls 8'feet high,.being de- admonished, Mr. Belleau brought himself within the to slip once upon the floor, causing a fury of excite-Additional failures have occurred in the English of the stations' recently destroyed by the Indians are now be vouchsafed to the Hon. Mr. Belteau. Thustinctiors of rank. Excepting that the Prince chanced motion to lay the matter on the table, which was lost£40,000.John Dales,woolen manufacturer hadalsofailedfor a large amount.There were other failures for smaller sums.LATEST—Via Queenstown.LONDON, Aug. 16.1Naples has been proclaimed in a state of siege.The weather in Englatd is unsettled."CAT»SONCITV,Aug.8,1860. "Byanarrivalhereto-dayfromClearCreekSta- tion on the. Honsy route, w e learn that the ShashonesandSanutesareabouttogotowaragainsteachother."From Honey L*ke valley, tbe only news of interest. isthereturnofNightingale'sscoutingparty,afterhav- trave.rstd the Qunian Country for "a distance of 150 mile's without finding an enemy.Immigrants continue to arrive, generally reporting favorably as to the condition of the roads and little trouble with Indians. One company from Illinois,Piince's reach, knelt uuon both knees, received a touch upon each shoulder from the sword of the Duke of Newcastle,whichhadbeenhandedtothePrince,and, attbewordsthatguaranteedbistitleto.alifeoffuture distinction—:" Rise, Sir Narcisse Belleau "—came to bis feet again, the first Knight of the Prince of Wales's creation.These yisi^ore then retired, the 3ergeant still beariog tbe mace, and tbe Speaker carrying with him a weight of honor which he had not borne on entering. In an- other moment, the members of the Lower House were introduced. ThescenewaeBimilartothatwhichhadjust preceded it. After the Sergeant-at-Arms, bur-dened witb the companion of the shining insignia thatbadjust pone out. the Speaker came, ampler in person,andashademorestatelyinattirethanthechiefoftheother branch, and delivered his address, in a nvmnercorrespondingly ampler and more stately. The know-led^eofthedistinctionthatMr.Belleauhadreceived,and»hedoubtswhichwereeverywherewhisperedastohisownchancesofthesame, might naturallyhavediecompofed the best balanced mind; bnt the Speaker'slips were not seen to tremble, and'at no time was aveetigeofpallortobedetected.uponhis countenanceA little interval of tremuloas suspense, and all doubtsment among certain eager journalists, w h o detected inthe accident the skeleton-work of a magnificentstructureofromance,andthatthesuccessofthesup-perwajimpairedbytheindiscretions ofthewaiters,who had taken early advantage of their opportunitiestobecome uncertainofmindandmanner,therewasnothing callingforparticularrecord. Theballwas tbeminuteswerenotintheroom,inconsequenceof pushed on until daylight, long after the Prince and hishowever, had 50 horees stolen by the Indians at G-ooseThe sbipaeno of tr«asure is as follows: Wells Fargo & Co $202,5<!0 0. T . Mender itA Constitution was reported and adopted, and the offi- cerscaPedforthereinelected.Mr, EITTKHBAND again rose to speak, when several delegates sprang to their feetanddeclaredthat theymembers will require the attention of these useful EITTEEBAND—I want yon to hear ms five minutes • and Sir Henry Smith enjoyed the realization of his more. • /cherished longing. As if to test the certainty of his officers, or economical, and determined to do its own DELEGATE—Well, hurry up and ray what you'v«litigation. P.cssibly itwill emulate the example of a Circuit Judge in the early history of Iowa, who, meeting a horse thief on a public road, immediately or-Alsop&.Co Abel Cyug B. DavidxnDCo.....$14,500 134,957Wm.T. Coleman...... 12,000 119,000 Freeman &.Co.......... ll,00f» 96,000T.H.itJ.S.Bacon.. 10,000Sheriff and Jastke of the Peace I T o what use these functionaries are to be put by a mining firm remains a profoundmystery;buttheinference is that theCom-Honduras. This he captured with but trifling loss. In according to the customary proceBB, by which the cer-night,teaverylargeextent. ,<:upwardoftwentythousandminersarerecordedinits stated>hatthespeakerwasindulgingInreflectionsoxa books,andifyou.myreader,wishtocommunicate discourteouscharacter.•••••;/ • , - . . ' ; ; • : • ; '^:-,;•';'.*;(;;;.-.>•• ; ;.. -• • ' ^ - • - *y.--.-.-...-.:• . . • •Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•-.,,Untitled DocumentMOVEMENTS A T QtJEBEC.seen epoto. These -were also Htv^thesafeprogressofwhichaeriousfearshadbeenenter-tained, to march on without impediment. The metal-and the**with terraced" s•l'•o'*es, situated a few miles above thewasmuchtakenupwithpersonal,embelhshment. It comparison,thattheideaofpowerormajestyislost.comeintothecontrol-oftheStateGovernment,the isestimatedthatthemalepopulationwasneverbefore Tberiverseemsalmosttoglideovertheprecipice,and havetosendeevenhundredmilesbyoxteamsfortheirattempt will now bemade to inauguraie a better ar- rangement, such as will stop the frequent escape of prisoners, also save the State a large portion of the ex- penses she had to pay over the contract svefcem.Thfre are now 570 prisoners in' the "Penitentiary, againet 600 a year ago.TbevariousCountyDemocraticCommitteesthrough- outtheState have been holding meetings,.and have divided into Douglas and Breckinridge wiuga, eachEveryman that; walked the streeta was externallyelaborated with agonizing finish. It was observed. in the most exquisite forms. The varying colorearethere were rumors of an approaching manifesto on Thirty-seven Democrats if Nevada County who sup- fixes of gold, advanced, saluted, and retired. Next, inscene of exceeding picturesqueness, and the traditions which hover around it, with their half-defined records of the struggle—the intrepid onslaught of the assail- ants, unavailing in a spot so strongly fortified by na- ture, the approach of the storm, and the forced retreat—give it a romantic '"and exciting interest apart from that which its own attractiveness secures.the Emperor's birthday, declaring a release from the Vfllafranca treaty, and ntteriog threats against Pied- mont. : ' . . ; , . • ./••-.Austria bad already demanded explanations fromported t h e Administration candidate last year , have published a- long address to the Democrats of that coun- ty, urging them to support Douglas and Johnson. The btt is headed by Johu E . McConnell. The Tuolumne County Democratic Central Committee met at Sonora on the 9th of August. Eight members were presentwide black silken robes, and with an air of solid digni- ty, appeared the Judges of the Courts of lower Canada, looking, as they approached the brilliant and airy dais upon which the Prince's glittering party was gathered, like, a convocation of politic flies descending with predatory purpose upon a well-wrought structure of gilded confectionery. The Cabinet officers followed, smart and smiling in their n e w uniforms o f cocked hats, laced coats, 'banded trousers, and innocuous swords, all speciallyPiedmont concerning Garibaldi's letter to Victor and one proxy. They. Stood five for Breckinridge and Emanuel, announcing a projected attack on Venice. four for Douglas, and being unable to agree, they sep-There was great activity manifested in the Austrian arated. The Breckinridge wing called a Convention at Sonora on the let of 6eptember, and the Douglasjust about paying expenses. There is much onttiag, and try inc. and experimenting with most of the ndUs,marine department.The complete establishment of understanding be-?branch on the 30th of Angust.It is stated by bis friends that Senator Latham con-WIDE-AWAKEGENERAL COMMITTEE.Friday, Ang. 24, 1860 .Surgeon Whelaa, Chief of the Bareau of Medicine tended a railroad celebration at Salzburg, and both be will take little Or no part in the political canvass in somewhat figured as to their backs. The Speaker,EXCITING SCENE.This association met list night at No 618 Broadway, ,WASHINGTON,twees Norfolk and Portsmouth, N. H. The steamship Powhatan will be dispatched for special service in the Gulf.Congressional Nominations. CHICAGO, Frid*y, Aug. 24, I860.Bumors of an approaching interview between Na- poleon and the Queen of Spain were again current.The Paris Bourse was very dull;. Rentes 68f.The Sardinian loan closed with subscriptions to thepreceded by the Usher of the Black Rod, who bowed with elastic persistency, and by the Sergeant-at-Arms,- who carried an enormoua gold umew, /aahwrnod lilea a,• .'">\%a•••£•-%*•*»»i-J«»i'UA* *t *««*?** M P tf magnificence•#cased spires of Quebec flashed daz2lingiy as ever, and mouth Of the riyer. The short road from Quebec was no messenger on the coach, and they werothe St. Lawrence winked a thousand beaming recogni- tions to the sun. It looked EkeAcity of silver borderedpassestirjrougha chsrming village, in which neat littleFrench cottages cluster around the parish churches,seeming at once to seek and give protection. Th<rfleldsbrought through by mistake. Tbfc apoa. currentand well-defined reports. The Pike's Peakert are sub-jected to a good deal of tribulation in connection wiUitheir mail masters, between th* tender mercies of IS* Express Company and tbe Poet-Office Dep*rt«emYjt .-'*;. but as a friend wrote from the mine* the other day,by a river of gold.Within the walls, the lingeringrain-drops which tipped the evergreens glistened are filled with evidences of most careful cultivation, forawhile, and then departed. A ll conditions favored the habitant, although unambitious and. ignorant of" we look forward to the election of old Aba Lincoln, " s s a redrew for this, and all our other grievanises. •The quart* mills show a decided improvement: WhHs> many continue to experiment unsaccessfuliy,. othew haveovercomethedifficultiesinthewayofseparating the gold, and are yielding from $75 to $400 per day.In some instances tbe quartz is subjected to intense heatbeforebeingputunderthestamps,likeburrrfngr lime, or tbe " roasfeog" proceesin vogue for softetxrag- ' iron ore. This ex pels the sulphur and greatly aids tfc* action of the quicksilver in thoroughly separating tftsr gold. '•,••'-.. - •-.There is a canaleight miles long in the Gregory IHi»* gH>gw, popuJarJy known as the "Big Ditch/' whicV was constructed, to convey water to the dry digging*? fromtii*streamcaBedCJearOeek-a ps^lelaW- mer, by the way, for the gold diggers hwvomad* i*th*« very muddiest creek intbe RoekyMonntains. R* oris*- mg,amonthago,wasbailed by the minerswith**- tbusiasan butjn**:n0wtb*T.fb^lttoonuichof a $»**,,tjiog, for ihe surplus wster at night, turned d*w» through Nevada ana Spring GukheeThas filled up pOs. undennmedqnart«mills,submergadBluicee andreduced thegoldseekerstoastateofheartyandhumidindig- nation- T h e miners are n o w conducting a suit againetdresses and the bestowal of unusual distinctions uponone or two officials, an expedition to Montmorenci in ingly beautiiuL Its depth is prodigious—far greater The newspapers in this region—one daily and three *••.-or, covntKRCXJiXi:'"';•%?<£:TradeiswithoutBtrikingchangeoranyoperations fairweather,sparkledinrenascentbloom;aidif,to continuallygettingthemselvesingoodconditionformetrical course. Thedelicatesprayiaforever wreathedDuke of Newcastle recalled silence and attention b y were the same elegance of naval and military costume,giving intimation that the honor of Knighthood would less beauty, and more devoted attentiveness to die- tbe proceedings on that occasion. This was met b r ashrouded in the gloom of forgotten obscurity.individualthat felt at all upontheject, ofa s princelyh e passed from contact over intot h e t h e^ gg * $ S SLthrsag jchilled stamps and cast-iron collars da not seem t» work well; there is too much friction on the cams, while tbe stamps are less durable than the steel one*. Wrouxht-iron collars and steel dies seem to have th* preference. There is mu*h speculation among * out- siders' relative to the amount of gold being taken out by tbe various mills, and while stories of success are heralded far and near, the failure of any on* of them hi kept as near home as possible. From personal -obser- vation, I should say, taking them as a whole, they areTbe "Natural Steps," near at hand, claim attentionby a peculiar regularity of their formation and thebeauty of thescenery by which they are surrounded. and will be for a year to come."The Montmorenci River rune, for nearly amile, througha deep cleft in a bed of lime-rock, from which, nponone side, thin layers have been broken in such manneras to form along succession of steps, so complete anduninterrupted that they sufficiently justify the namewhich has been given to them. Upon the other, thecliffs rise perpendicularly, and display strange and fan-tastic outlines, that seem to have been the work ofacme aMUful «,*viftccr rather than an accidental effect ofnature. They stand like the shattered and decaying new delegates from Ward associations. While tfceh i m s e l f i n r e g a r d t o t h e i n t u i t i o n s c a s t u p o n h i m . pure silver, found in another of the leads, and worth The Yea* wad Nays on repealing the action of th*%1 50, bas also been sent here. Claims innumerable, met meeting were then taken, and resulted in 47 in th*warmly received. A s soon as war thoughts had left very rich, have already$»en received here. One of and stated tbat if the officers were not legally electedi bSautb, William Smith the&thcro( twelvechildren ^adjourned.h i w a l ^ l ^ * having Wenwtfa^"•lStA T Ptxx'sPEAK.—Mr. EL ELQUAHTZHarris of Milwaukee, a large owner of quarts milk a tMILLINGMr.GAVIT thenofferedamotionthataCommittee of seven beappointedforthepurposeofrevisingthe Constitution and by laws to which an amendment WW msdethattheminutesorthelastmeetingberead.The Secretary (Mr. KITTKRHAND) at first stated thatCt» ir hopes that delegates/will not leave tbe room, andprimitive 3tate, and the first business in order was toJeffrieshadanaxtogrind, - Station havingr^anghtsrJ _,^Hn*••••/• u•\ www.fultonhistory.com-•^v.,v^5 - T.-,vSi.,.>-.V4li.iJiWr*2at-telia-- 