 M\V VIKJiF IWTEEESTINO ^IICWS FROM HEXICO. was at Barraica dvl Rrttram; tvit V^r.- hi* arrival 15.TO r«>* S, >•, ,«.?fcONDAY, JAiYUiRT :JA I^O.-TBIPLE SHEET.1 1Tne IUw«l«t.',t.1stMcdM-rM W*** Tsutt»wOr.traitat**r Cam-was Party— A«tlc»l..«ofCM*HattM Fwas>le—«*.- P r t . l d c . l l o a o a f u r t R«««Sta«>«f—tattoa- a t U i a g t o e C a a r c a P r e > l » w w l . r — I s a e a e a e e Rrveaaes of tt»* CBmreta—»« P»r«inm l » u r f r r . M * • e e a a e a r y t o S e t t l e t h e Af- tstlrs»ftbe ••slam—Interfereae«of (H«ffufPreart. Miat*>t«rr »• PanHeaI Pcxific Hmtlroaat—Mmwt,•fee.. «***» -**•ir^lr^-t Mirtmt*,tbeowrersoftr«-steamerf>rher •..•t-i.imu Iv .as' twoSenteecesof'heanwilftotheChary*.UInJftruei T»a/iasfntow--—Weh..'1eveihatsaila-'nt'-m.uftaV Spanish purcbaeemoftbe steam-r) ha v.; atn>aiy wta*.ti'<ai.tlt:>-beuoflt.ThefV -i—r^rfaisly Mr"m-th—IaekyourHonortochargeUMJurythatif1,290,000tosamedate1858.TheexporttoEurope, Rocklslaad bothfromSouthernportsendfromhere,continues!!* as «'* nprom algation of a code of laws for UM government of UM a, DOothers would have been passed, so that this the only resource left to show them—or rather theastablisbmeat of a basis—to Indicate what they were Ight- a g for, and to convince them of UM necessity in order towas resumed by the defendants calling their witnesses. Charles Nichols deposed, that he is passenger genera.'i>k. 1* to take any ot bte st»t»m»nts as a fair ev cv>iiton of tbe foreseen and discounted beforehand; bnt last year the fall, rtok Island maintains itself well. The .irmh But netwithitanilinfc d)»dr eonree. I think there a^e onenr two roll ts worked neon Ir the article upon which neitberof was so dull that merchants and specu- corn traffic on the liite ia very larire; last Weekearly these taws into effect of confiscating UM church pre 'our davs sail of San Francisco. By this m^ans a short route would he established, bringing San Francisco witbinagent, at 75 Greenwich street, and bat been for eight mv f^nrer r**n>miinieet>ooB have bee" suSietentlv eTplteH. years; knows Mr. Fowler's place of business; Fowler has It is Intimated, though nrt distinctly satd tbat the Dreaent been engaged in the business about one year; Mr Fowler elsimaite cf that shin »r# bona flde owners-that 'hey has sent tickets like tbe one produced to my office Q r>urcb»*ed her at ber fair waiue. wtthont node*lators do not seem to have got over it yet, and appear unwilling to take any risks. The corn orop in the West is turning ont very well; Southern45X100 bushels were hr<Wht into Chicago; there-ceipts for January w"" ohably show forty per cent increase as compared ith last year. Tbe traffic on the Michigan Southern the Illinois Central, the Cleveland and Toledo and the Hudson River is like- wise very Jarge, and the increase over last year fully up to the expectation of parties interested. The Michigan Central Is not doing as well. Read- ing is higher, some heavy purchases having beenmade by Philadelphia bouses.The general impression in the street appears toparty. The people of Mexico are now folly awake to the twelve or fifteen cave travel o' New York. This road can principles sought to be established for their future well be construcW'd tor $40,000 pe» mile.cf the defective title Nothing e*u be further When tickets like this come to your office, signed by Mr from the truth Thl* »hip, and my other two. therebates was the only mistake that he baa made, as it had she effect to change the sspport aad Influence of many li- terals causing them either to go over to UM conservatives ar to embrace UM doctrines of UM centralists or church party. This was because U M Mexican people re- garded Una treaty aa a bill of sale of the aeon try, and a departure from UM principles for which Uk-y ware %hiing>-aamely, the establishment of UM Mexican nation upon a free and solid basis. So far was tea reeling carried, mat same of UMgenerals thoughtcountry is under the control of the centralists or•or the regular ticket. Q Have you seen and know thatTbe foreign produce markets look well, as a tirous to fiav, and intended to pav O'lt of the purchase mo- tea than has been the case for .some time past,ef going to Vera Crux, and agn ed to solicit UM return of alluded to, are not in want of resource*; all they nowfaot; and. therefore through my attorney, served written no-Ueee npan all of them of the f *<18 as the v etlst«d, and war r.tng at a late auction sale very high prices were ob- the shares. Nor will it be different now, though them that If they In an' wire interfered with tbeae ateamabloe.1 abunld bold them eaeh and their prine'utJw respooaible for all tained for Bio. Wa arc exporting coffee freeiy from the uneasiness caused by political movements, dan-ares that 1 might sustain ia tbe premlseaGeneral Osteon fort Many of UM most influential men in Mexico are engaged in this revolution, and they have at last come to the conclusion thai Cbmonrort is one of UM best men they could have to preside over the destinies ofdesire to do justice, while their opponents appear to •we years' bard Bgbtin * atnee the exile of Comonfort, that sanction robbery and injustice to all formsTn the fare of aS this Ikev eemplep»d their arrangement with Meyer A Mtieken and were privies if Dot nartieg, to the foref Me and steaitbv posse*sfon then token of tbe ueean Bird, and the aettlnR her out of the oale of onr laws.the other twoateaaarhios werealreadv at Cuba, and easily fell Into toe bands of these Cuban eon tVderatea'twas, no doubt akn wledge of th-se facta tbat ted Oaot. YiadeKortetoaurrendertbe <<cean Bird to me uron my first demand. Indeed, there ia some reason to artppoae tbat tbe surrender (frrr tbe demand and a reolevtn sn'.t if refused rnr.pt bave been antlrfpated), was made with a view tojust now. Hides are firmly held, bnt buyers do not seem inclined to meet the views of holders, and business is rather dull. Spices are quiet. Wool was dull in the beginning of the week, but closet firmeT.The spring season of the dry goods trade does not epen brilliantly for the importers. The stockand the disfavor into wbich railway property fell last year, the result Is not as speedy as was ex- pected.We subjoin the Pro Rata Freight bill. In its pre- sent shape now before the Legislature of thia State :—the Mexican nation, althuogh some of them were, duringam admiawtratioo clamorous for his removal into exile,but this they ascribe to a want of a sagacity on their part10 appreciate the liberal and equitable laws which he•aught to establish ThejT say now that it was impossi- ten liberals where here was but one then. These facts ble for him, in the position be was then in, to have car- will no doubt produce a reaction in favor of Comonfort. ried those laws into effect, and UM measures that UM libe- The people have great faith In tbe liberals; wherever rals then proposed They are BOWforced to say that aft-r they gsin ascendency they at once make friends by theirUM enjy progress they have made baa been to convinceUM Mexican people th*t the church, with its horde otbishops and priests, arc a great bane tothe moral, social and phvsical progress ef the time only in San I.nis Potest, Aurelia, Guanajuato Guada-that we can learn there will be some diminution inthe purchases by Southern houses. Some buyersfrom tbe far South are in town effecting pur-chases of staple goods; the Virginia, Kentucky and the order, from highest to lowest, as each railroad cor-, eaiioo: and that, 'eeling this conviction deeply im- pressed upon their minds, they bavo resolved to recall Comonfort to be their leader and g itde: aad the language is. that u*he does go back it is oesired that he witl unite UMwhole of the liberal party and carry into effect all the laws that UM liberals have been absolutely forced to pass,and that h e , under a quiet government, such as he sought at first to carry on. would not have been able to pass. Vp to UM present time, with the exception of the frontier ttairs, UM constitution bap been but a piece of paper, be- causetheforcesofthecentralistsorchurchpartyhave prevented it from b lug earned Into effect. There are thousands of people who call themselves conservatives who have come to the oonclueion that it is absolutely aeoesaary to nationalize the church property, and If they bylajara, Jalisco and Vera Cruz. In these Sates tbe people have considerable resources, but the belligerents have not been able to reach them The people call themselves constitutionalists. The old regime of Mexican government hat departed, never more to return.to do what be •ctnallv net forma.1 he nrobabllttv of tbta vew ianota litt'e enhanced by theConduct of thr parties sn<! particular'v of f?apt Bynders asmonth. The West is expected to buy freely this portation of all and singular the property usaa'l) earriad by it, upon the whole or any portion of the line of Me rail- spring on the strength of the crop of last year, and road, and shall designate the several grades and orders of tuch arrangement and classification, ss class 1,1, a tbe general recovery of business. As, however, and 4. Such arrangement and classification shall also the importers are taking even more foreign goods contain a full an-1 complete specification of the rates and prices respectively, at which such railroad corporation will transport each article, or class of articles of property, the transportation upon which it rated at tbe tame valte respectively, wbich rate and price for transportation shall be specified at a certain sum per ton per mile, which rate and price of transportation shall apply at well to aaad sentiment, which eventually must, turn thetut»e, and when he learn"'' the prn-iae ntaix.of timus, hethest.am*rPajaro-el<iceane,froii\v»York Her«•*- tr-r-*inropreeex'icgUaithisidww:otpa,*rwasatic-to the contrary BotwrUtotaadtaff. latst cotton week Kew Yertr Central 7*v 74 V T 4 / n% 2*«f. bare received the fotlowlag taforssatioe ia regard a* the state of affairs in afcxioo, from a gentleman who tame p M m f i r ta the altatnahtp I MMHM, watch arrived•< tfca part a few day• utcefha Mrs team people at, UM lime of their iad>pen<ieocevert a a different utoatioe to the AoMricaaa at tbe timethey declared their independence. The Mexloant had tothese off UM double yoke of UM priests aad their aUe-gWca to Spain The series af revoiocco* op to th« pre- toto depose Miranmn and nMvste UMformer. A thortUme trance of the harbor or Havana, but got oir without ma-t* v. d tin- $3* h>' Intended on tbe oresentatton of the oa r» r >.» Virr. a» bis offlre to s>ve the complainant a ticket to Bnn.it in the in>xt steamer that tailed, be a not guilty ef • i •• oft nee enamel agauM bim in tbe aidictment.ss* oaa ha traced sireeUy to UM church. Nor baathroughout the continent of Europe. as an organization is effected, the public will pro-haea say ska of a liberal government ia power tatwhatUMchoreabaateeditsinftaeneeb»driveItoutIn breadstuff's we note e very quiet market, with- bably take a more active share in the business ofeemphebed, aot directly by any act of theirs, hut by vriMeg thee* aanaUef UMtitle, forUMtimebeiag,of eaters of UMarmy, who, up to the time of the adminis- traaon of Preside ot Comeafort, ware UM rulers de/arts ef poor Mexico, the preaeat revolution of Mexico was ea abeahiM teceasHy, because even Comoofort's, or any ether government, could aot possibly hare worked the reforms that the preaeat revolution has produced—aot la •fly years under the old regime Thus, although the libe- ra* bare been beaten In almost tverybattle,yetthey•ihbni-nlolot.imthatEnglandwould have afleetthere, too. to prevtnt ai«y such proceedingOn tbe subjoctof aParifir Railroad, the Americans woild do well to took before tb*y leap A railroad to th» Pacioc Suie? s one that deman s much aertous conslder&tim, and especially where f>u.ch a great outlay «f money will be required to dn tbf work. Thn*> that eofrag» in it will be detir'Mis before doiuir •" of soeeng « reasonable prospect o: repayirg them for iheir eoterprise. Running a rail- road through a barren waste, or tunnelling throughfast to UM bark Martha J. Ward by the pilot boat, whichvtssella'd outside,***us The tide fell ahout eighteeninches during ib" nt*ht, which ctused the vessel to t o « hthe boitom (soft clay) sliiihtly In the morning wo pr-ff*m*rt in tbe.Sute Prison ter not more than t eeclineinconsequenceofthereceipts. Theadvice* tbeeffectofseriouslyinjuringalltherailroadsofhavemademoreprogressmorally,inimbuingtheirideasmountainsinordertopassthroughanunpo- pulated dietrtet for ttinimands of miles, willrpatience. There can be no doubt but bothOriKii Bird. quireflourof us before next harvest. Bntuntil knownthttthereislittleorno cornontheline ofaa UM inhabitants ofjbe country. In all the States nevir make the stock pay a dividend.they have been ta possession of they hare car Tile fffibno T> huartepee route, and the establishedinto effect the law of the 7th of Jane Panama route, may be otade, ia tt* course of lime, pav- but, sitwrislitrng UM church property. The very ing routes; but toe great route for a railroad to reach the misfortunes of UM liberals will probably be the sal- American domain on the Pacific, in order to render it a vation of the country, because If it bad not been for UM pty ing'tsiitution, must eventually take >ts starting pointChsigs of Judge Ingrahum in t i o m t o T i c k e t s i w t a d l t a g .COCBT OF OTBR AND TERMINER. Before Hon. Judge IngrahamRelav-bealhiwed bir'prisrnerutienart. Be is a m a n o f a s o - nfty years ef age, aad was aae of tte "ttool ntgeoaa" Saata Anaa daring toe time the fottor was in pews There ia no Mexican or forrigt.er ra Mexico that can bear to hear the i»»«w of Warq ^^ »pnkea.the ease has no dooht be*n already pr. a, nted to t«8 gnvertinvnt of the rntte<f States by tbe worthy repreaen tatire of her Maietty ir thw island.SK» be made a N-srt thit a French fleet was aa its way to terial damage. Toe Empire Qty entered the harbor nfbombard Vera f rut. in conrequeace of the non payment Havana or the evening of the 2Vd inst .and arM anihore<i ofeighteenmilliossofDollarsallegedtobeduetoSpat• by thepilotaVeastoftbelower wnaf.ontheCaeaThe Court—(to the Jur*).—I do not s«* that that variesat a'l frerr. the charge already made to you, gentlemen.If b •' was trting to give him a rood ticket be would aot haveinten'-ed to defraud, and be-would not have bad tbeifit'-rtiori to defraud The infntlon must be gathered to the steady increase in the consumption of cotton viduals from investing money ta stocks. As soon fcom'ttiet transaction ts It it submitted to yon. If he dmnot itii'Tit to defraud bim of tbe $35, of ormrse be sennetbe con votedThe Vr* itch Mrowter to Mex<eo ia alleged to be one ofUMtollfbaraUfr* aad frtanot of UM robber Marques, and «said to have be<-D one of Uw getto'S up of Ute sswwamrtaaaiew- Ntw Orleans tor New York, haS been ashore at the enb\ Mexico (>n wbai grounda be based tnis theory of ibis 1 do know. that on stopped tmhravn o when ah EnggnlltvFr»r>kF.Fiwler,whohadbeenpreviously outonball,from some place on the Gulf branch of the Rio <iraudn, near Texas, and. passirg across and through the most populous parts of Mexico, receiving the oa rooase of seven mttbott of Mexicans. The route, although a Utile circui- tous, will be over table lan«f, and find its terminus in the State of Uicboaran, or some otber continuous Bute, withinJAS. 2J».—The People ts. Frank F. Fmler—This ease \frr'rg if I were to rresn»»'# thai any one at all 'aminar when business is active, such contingencies are present management, are apparently working for with tbe bistorv of the writer of tbat communication would hebeing; and notwithstanding UM veil of ignorance and darkaeas sought to be thrown over UM minds of Uw people,UM latter appear to understand where to draw the line ofdemarcation between their friends and their enemies. To co, it is making sure steps to ertv-ct this end, and only know for w"fi>t purpose it is issued? A. No. Q gala end, UMmajority of UMMexican people are now eon grows strong by temporary defeats. Eight tenths of the When such papers as this are issued, do you kao* *»<vd that UM treaty made by Juares with UM United cation are liberals, and eight tenths of the wealth or the wbat is done with them? A They are exchangedturn to the subject of tbe revolution in Mexico. The liberal party is bemn 1 to be the dominant party in Mexi-seote d on tbe fsce of the ticket? (Objected to and rule<i of two burdred and flttv thousand doPars ard who sent this out) Q When such a paper as this is issued, do you this cme Captain Vla^erounte witb otrr-rs to New York with me to take poeee*stoo of ber. up.i*r that purchase They verr, durir.p the whole exportation vhi^h led to that pur- eb*»e, perfe-tlv anriiiain'ed with my relation* to Merer AWest As soon as navigation opens there will be a heavy shipment offlourfrom all parts of the West- ern country.church party. Thus will he seen tbe retarding tapers like this, issued by Mr. Fowler, were exchangeflr cause of their opponents. The great difficultywith tbe liberals it that their policy will not A. Yts; Mr Fowler gets $2 commission oo $36; I selladmit them to use such illegal means to carry on the go vernment as those adopted by their opponents. They simply ask the people for enough to nay for the adminis. tration of wholesome laws, while the church party state tbe sum they want, and back their demand up by the point of UM bayonet This is UM difference between the policy of the two principal political parties <n Mexico. The liberals at this time, although pursuing the easy pilk-.y we haveUckets for the Bremen line; they are not my own tickets; they must be sigted by Mr. fht rman Q. If there were any mistake m the certificate presented to you in tbe name of steamer, whrtber they would regard the name of the t-u amer as anything or not, or would they be sent by the firs! steamer that was golngl* (Objected to, and ruled o u t ) If Mr. Fowier had sent tnis certiucaM to you, would you have given a ticket tor a passage? A. Mr Gilbert al- ways came with the party and 1 would explain the mis- take in the name, if there was any,and then I would tendthe pttsi ngt-r ay the next steamer if he liked itBy the Court—It a passenger had come to you with this certificate, without Mr Gilbert or Mr. Fowler, would you have given a ticket for it? A. If I knew it was Mr. Fowler's ticket. 1 would do to •Cro: s examined by the District AUorney —If Heine had brought that ticket to you, would you have given him a parage ticket for it? A. No sir, not without the money; I oi n't know of any case in which I have given a passage on Mr. Fowler's ticket without the money.at? of the Ocean Bird. But fludlns that Meyer A strickenbed Mils of isle of all the steamships whteb »ere absolutennnn their faces (for auch was the form In which I securedthrm for their proooa^d loan to me! thev were hvPieed to jotnwith Meyer A stueken to r'efraud me out of ih* whole of them the necessity of consumers will cause an advance mercial recovery—are all combined at the present They purebaard from Meyer A Muck«n for $19n 000. the threeaeed is a leader and discipline; and by many Oomou- fort is named as the man. It is thought that his return to Mexico would excite surprise in tbe whole nation, by the return of him who, some allege, was the cause of their present troubles; but thinking men, those that watch and measure even!*, say that he did all he could do when at the head ef affairs to establish a wholesomebasis of government, beginning at the plan of Ayutla and driving fanta Anna out of the country. This was done when tbe liberal party was in its infancy; now there areThe States ot Mexico into which this civil war has not been carried are : Tamaulinas, Nuevo Leon, Coahuila, IV.racco, rhibuahua, Sot ora, Micboacaa, and for a shortFirst—Every railroad corporation in this State which now is, or hereafter shall be, engaged in the transport* tion or car naze of property, is hereby required to make up a full and complete arrangement and claastficatioa inSEWS FKOM HA V ANA,A r r i v a l ot t h e E m p i r e C i t y — B i r t h d a y bas given genuine tickets on several lines of steamans;o'clock be waa requested to go on board tbe ship ant reinsta'ethe Spanish captain and crew.'' It snema, from hlaetateme'it,thatitwsa tue "Iriied »tatea autocrines" thit were invokedIn bis i i-raon to do this act. the Captain soes, not&a % Marabal, nota*tte'UnitedMatesauthciilee."forbebadnoprocess,he went as Isaiah Kyodera sun 1». not even aa 'atitHln of theEmpire < 'ub Be went at vldnlrbt for he had been told tbat year; the jobbers are buying sparingly.Salutes tothe Princeofthe Astarias— B e e n e o n t h e R a m p a r t s a n d H a r b o r — A H a a s b e r o f A m e r i c a n s l a t h e C i t y , «SL«. Tbe United States mail steamship Empire City, Captainnever knew him to give any otherBe-direct. Tbe fare on the Hamburgh and Bremen line of steamers is the sameCounsel having Summed up on both sides, the Judge proceeded to charge thr jury as follows:—TBE JTDGK'S CHJISGKI join, gentlemen, with the counsel tor the defence whenthan last year, there seems to be every prospect that prices will rule low late in the season. At present,theimportersaskmorethantheydidlastMcGowan, arrived at this port yesterday morning from New Orleans and Havana.ported upon the whole or part of its railroad.Second—A sum or chairge not exceeding forty cents per ton, except as herein provided, and at tbatre.ie.aa well for a lesser or fractional part of a tonMat for a greater quantity than one ton, for all and sTAguiar the . $721 611 2.982,246 4,808,471 receiving, loading, unloading, handling and delivering, General merchandise .1,083,469 1,863,907 1,877.840 and all and singular the other acts and things usually done or performed appertaining to tbe receiving, traxis- Total for tbe week. ,*1.8H4B70 4.646,212 6,186,311 oorting and delivering by railroad, property of toe kindsIks Snzurr of u>» 'i-wii Opiniono»»t'i«'v '*'e'? «ore by fapt Graham isferme'l by the .'*.••. U ia V\rim% '.. t4 2 * 42 ti trTO THR ST'TOB OF Tit* HBBALPIn your paper of u> day UM telegraph sews from Savaenab (per Isabel) says the steamship Empire City, fromoutmaterialvariationinpricessincebutweek, theStockExchange. Ootbeotherhand,the(at- OT fkrce It to tuccumb to Us dtetatien. Bite baa been ac- PVarce becomirp bailiff tor Stpsin I could not Mara; but Blanca side, opposite the city The stem line was roaCe boiiT. \br\ TI tu'ned into court and rendered a verdict of with the exception of corn, which continues to de. tempted legislation at Albany which would haveTic fonrt then adjourned to Monday morning at ten The Charge of Swlmdltaa; Emigranfa by oVioek.ment of holders here. It is, after ell, e question ofopposite the city, and others In Its vicinity, as also at noon and sunset, followed by the ringing of bells and other manifeetaUons of Joy at the return of Ute birthday of UM youthful heir to the Spanish throne.As the Empire City lay at anchor under the walls of theCabanas she was particularly favored, one of its guns (a fore unite with the counsel in urging upan you that you equally futile, for every one knew the Captain would be iheFreights are doing better.tect their specie, a great deal of mischief will behim to a passage from this port to Bremen', andthu upon that veasel from Monday at 12 o'c'ock to Thursday at two when caused. What with politics and over importations, specifications herein required to be made by the railroadaid women, aad many of these are dmpoeed to give way. Exchange (BOKO); dissolving views at the Le Grande; defendant that it was. But it is contended on the part of law and order-acting not as Marshal, but as Osptaln?ly shall be transported, when the same shall be trans- where the paper is unusually prime; the genera ported more than one mile, shall be considered ae a whole1 da not mean to condemn the priests in toto, for to at-tempt this would be an act of great injustice; there are panoramas everywhere, and UM bulls, not to be forgot- nsanrif them setae of the strictest Chrtatians, who dis- ten, from four to six o'clock P. VI., bearded women, charge their spiritual duties with itoty seal. The great*wtt ass m UM tmmentepower ooncaotrated upon orrate forfirstclass short acceptances is seven, andmi'e, in ascertaining the price of transportation of saidUMbahops. TheyareUMoneswho and the income of the enure* * * • » from ten to twenty dollars par thereatwarblers, giants, dwarfs and pigmies. ThereitantagonismfortheloosemoneyInourpockets.k ^i*^SLw^rhardly think it necessary to comment npon the formreliable bands than thase of a single man who saools chance tn he "ennrted In" Mayor at aome charter election What political Influence was brought to bear and upon wbatiieati>ntbatitshouldresultIntakingfrommebyforceaahlnIbadbuilt»andnaever*s«onld.v?» Will„<,,,".all.k.I 1.11.-TM TM* Will you toll toe public, sir?Very respectfully JOHJN UaAHAM. NEW TOES, Jan. Z7 1800.Domestic NewrsItems* Wiiiij.NGOFTI.0.M1I>iA.M'—imthe23dinstantseveral fin bark wha>t were teen off Southampton, and a boatsent m purtnit, but without success. The next day, however, tbe old whalemen of that village struck a right whale, which will yield about thirty barrels of oil On Thursday also they were again in chase of the monsters, but d 11 not effect another capture.State shall give to an> station upon its line or either term! per cent Names less known go at 9 a 12, accord- nut of its rai'road any precedence or preference over any other station upon its said railroad, in tbe use of its fa- ingtostanding,Ac.Thereisthusverylittlechoice cilitiesfortbereceiving,transporting,banllingordeliver- paper offering; business is checked and delayed by ing or doing the otber tbingt aforesaid, of any property the factious proceedings at Washington and the which may be transported either upon tbe whole or any part of its railroad, and as near at may be, shall receive, transport,t.and>eaaddotheotberthingsaforesaid,all propertywhichittransportsupontbewholeoranypartof Its railroad, in order of priority of tender or receipt at any station npon its line of such property, for Ute pro-a»,,*j*-- T*****foUMUnited;Statesabouttending !fM1 t^te«^ttmdoaMaticbrotaiof Unacoon-nroducWef ul ^ «Mft •* totarfareBOS woukt be productive af UMwam^oaatbte jpod only shew Um attaref such a body of °* hfenoau character Instead either side of toe J!!****tasj am aad comfort fromof this paper, I prefer leaving that to you. in tbe examination it has appeared that this man was a foreinT er, and as far aa any information is before us was a mar. whodidnotunderstandtheKnglishlanguageexcentverv slightly Now,inordertomakeoutUM^eoTsiahiat tke defendant, you are to find, in the first place, that thauneasinesscreatedbythepoliticalagitationsoftheT T 0 vday. AssoonasCongressgetstoworktherewil1eUteordant elements would•ad that Um i to driveruled at the close ot the previous week. The im A piainiv printed or written copy of the arrangement porters are not remitting at freely as the banker* classification or sp-cifi<attoo of prices for transportation' receiving loading,unloading, handling,aeltveriaf and for- a'^iV^K86 "•**,Jo no» P«tend thatitwasaticSt womannamedCaroline Caitoahan was killed?atCohort, expected,saidthereisstillalargeamountofcom- wardingtheotberthingsaforesaid,whichshallbeinforceatTbe c*y of Mexico has tost amy it fesa UMevils ofcity ra Urn coastfind that the party madetinsfaJsejwtorag. tjgg^tntendedtodeSa,vailing to some extent am mg the children of west Troy, shall be acknowledged before aad certified by tome N.T,andseveraldeathsbaveresultedfrtmitthisweek. offafterward. Theclosingquotationisabouta.l8| otVerautbonwd totake'beacknowledgment of deedsDwaicmiaoraOHMS Facronr BTFum—Toe large new for city bankets, and 5.20 a 214 for out of town bills. shall be flien w.,b the Auditor of the (anal D n ^ m l t f ! .buttheaaoatand thrUX nothing asmistf bwi evidences of J ^ J ^ ^ ^have »Tmust take all thetireumsiaaeescoBBeotod wah ta >ion into consideration tn •ndetvortng to arrb eruth or the error of the charge against him. Ifmflty M Ma gu*Hy. last moat bo yoavVe j on are that be is If yoa nave nolaaririwftj^.ISOs to a variaaoe between buildings ot the Holnstop, Mats., comb factory, wore des- tbeproofandtheindictment,huttbeVMWthatIhave troyedbyoreearlyonWednesdaymorning,with allthetaken of this easel think renters ft mMMoraanryTi toiak contents, including a large amount of stock An a t jo nAlbans, wiihin ten davt after the adoption T h . BrokenseemtoexpectfewerbillsfromtheSouth makingoftbesameorthemakingofaaT^aatnd^ientTo-morr >w will be the last day for deposits to be change or modUJcaUoa of the tame, wbtoa^woVTr •ranscript thereof, and of the certificate of the ackiow*w^fwam,acwva and ptosis to their uses. TThey be_ oubtt upon tbettuabjetct renotr your verdict acsordinglya u v a i Pompsa©.—Five tervante belonging to j r . Tbos R. Maupin, living sear Free Union, Albemarle coimty.Va, were poisoned mat week, and all of them died from the•peak of itb-a iwmeat position, A short timo ago he Sugar market dull;No.>any alteration of any suchmay have inscribed itock if they prefer it, instead of tpecificattoi, more than -wenty-are" nlamtnttiion orb« has beoome respectable by ha elevation toExKecorderto Um JuryXHal Maretsek will have to be on the qui not, and not presume to think that if be gives us ammonia that ws shall esteem it otto of roses. The public flag, and be willnavetogivethemmoreofUMprimadonna—the powerfulAmericancontralto,MittAdelaidePhillips. It m das to UM people who have so generously SUB tained him, and without it they will leave him for the monkey opera, where they can laugh their full mooev's worth, aad learn at least something of animal capacity. Col, Wood, with his display of trained animals, under the tutorship of Doonetti, and bJs varieties, located at several importantpointsofUMcity,iscoiningafortuneinSpanishFowter>**hi*Place *t*»>«tess.1case on tbe evidence presented, and on that alone. No jury, if their verdict ends in the couvicliou of tbe per- son accused, do any good to the community, when they sillier that verdict to be influenced by prejudice, or by any other feeling which arises from the conviction that their1868. $1,419,6971859 1,171,188 1,352,0121860. 1,49»,S53 2,537,728shall dispose of this case in that way. The defendant hereis indicted witb another man (Gilbert) who was his clerk,lor obtaining from Christian Heine money upon fa.so pre-tence. Tbe alleged false pretence in the indictment isHat they represented to Heine that a certain paper wnichanimated scene in the harbor below and the city they gave him was a genuine ticket for a passage na) proi,tit11lien of assumed official conduct, libels were filed opposite them, comically resembling the row of to Bremen. Now, this pretence must be proved, against fbeabip by the prnctiremeet of the Mpanfah Captain and proved in that form in order to warrant and h'a adviser* upon clatme, payment for which bad not onlyEXPORTS or SPECIE. 1868.ten inch), directly overhead, proving an especial "great bore" to the ladies. Its entire rampart was lined with tbe heads of the soldiery, viewing thence theK st man to pull ft trigger when any one was looking on, and as net ber dartne*a nor ary winding purlieu of the Siith ward eoncea rd hie person he seemed content with the flourish and the tbre»t1859. 467,693 1,876,469broken bottles imbedded in mortar found on the a conviction of the defendant I mean to lay been provided, but which In any view could not rationally be tops of garden enclosures, ke. Sun set and the Empire aside entirely a great portion of the argument of the coun- pretended to be Pees With those, "monltiona," which captainreceive, transport, oad, uulouii, handle and deliver, and banks bave been unable to fill their lines, in conse- do the other things aforesaid. all way freight, and all quence of tbe scarcity of desirable paper, and the property, from any elation on the line of its railroad ta dulness in business consequent upon tbe non- any otber station on the line of its ra<lroad and from either terminusofsuchrailroadtoawaystation,orstationorj the line thereof, which it may transport ordinarily over tbe line of its ru'lroad. or auy part thereof, and it shall trai>8|K>rt earh and all raid way freight and eaah andsel for Uu- deltiidant in this matter—which was undoubt Kvnd*racla!me were plaeed in biabaonaonTiesCav. becomes on board. Bad these proceeeea been issued upon valid claims, edly right on bis part to present—as to the objections that they only gave tbe Captain authority to arrest and detain tbe there all day in full " canon deals," in the old position, in be bus taken, but which, in my judgment, are not neoes ship witi>m the juriartction. Be had at least but a lino. He dulglng,aswelefttheanchorage,inhumorousmanifesta- .-a>vtothedispositionofthiscase;1meansomuchashas badnorighttoexclusivecioas«>aa<cn Allibisbewellknew. been said which re laws to the contents of this paper, and Be made BOattempt to diapoaeesa me on Tuesday, until after tion of mock grief—tearing their hair in pantomime, the effect of it in making out a false pretence. As to the mulnitht; LIT yet on Wednesday did h<> dispute my p'ssessionCity's departure still found many friends who had "stuck''minds of tbe people with aiagnst from v' scenes of waving handkerchiefs (those who-"owned them were by paper itself, 1 do not think it is sufficient to constitute the until after tbe hour of midnight tin Thursday morning tbe loans was $123,836,931. It ought not, for a year orcivil war and bloodshed to tbe more peaceful and lucra- Sve chani.els of commerce. But even the development ef this practical idea is considered impossible as long as UM church power monopol.zes such a vast amount of the productive national weakh The plan of allowing the cnurch to interfere in political mat'ers has been too often arted.and the conclusion has been arrived at that no government can be stable until pnesxra't shall be des polled of its power. To show you now much the church gets in per.;uisitr8 for doi ag nothing, I would state it gets ane tenth of the products of UM soil, besides enor- mous lets accruing from christenings, marriages, and Ute burying of UM dead—ID. the aggregate amounting to •ne filth • ;e income of the nation. With this enormous income the b i s h o p do a profitable business in loaning eut money to tii liadauOu^f land proprietors, who pay a bat dsjome interest to the fathers of the church But a short time ago one of these land proprietors borrowed the nice little sum of JK5u,00o in this way. In this money brokerage tbe baihops are not very scrupulous as to tee amount, as they will accommodate any one furnishing good collateral or undoubted paper security. In tr-ee places where the liberals have gained posses- sion the church property has been sold at auction, and three dribs of UM proceeds, in interior or exterior bonds, weed to liquidate UMdebt of the nation ft is a significant fast that, wherever church property has changed ban is, private enterprise has been more fully developed. Most af Ute evils of Mexico—and indeed the great evils that have befallen this unfortunate country in civil war, the ex-catton of unjust laws' for the taxation of the people, yea, ana) even rapine and robbery on the snore of de- fending the holy religicn*-are directly traceable to the anarch party. Among these evils Is the presence at thisi in the nation of ten thousand illegitimate children. irises from the fact mat the bishops put such a high Har UM solemnising in marriage that Ute poorer i aflord to pay It; hence a l i t e m of consu- bas been established from necessity. The civil i contracts, which aa enactment of Ute liberal setarillsasrt and carried into effect, has opposition aad many anathemas The law bat, however, been by baa people. The church party has lornno means legion), and kissing hands over the walls of the ofli nee, and, therefore, so far as the argument for the prr.vf <i by the dudge and served" oo the Marabal. This by tbe BO to come, to rise much above these figures. The every item of, and article of said property, transportedcounsel lor the defendant has been I mean so to charge. evprma prrvision* of the act of March S 1S47, suapenda ihe 'reckless importations of foreign dry goods presage upon its railroad at the same rate per ton perfortress. Gentlemen, I want you to understand this: if this case pmreta ard dischargee the p.operty from the arreat. Prom mile as that mentioned iu *aid arrangement aadAn unusually prodigal programme promised to reward rested upon that alone it would not be sufficient to warrant tbat time Manbal BvnderB bad no color of authirltv to act a a resumption of specie shipments at no distant day: classification ana specification, except ss hereint prii-esaes were all banded hy me, and the bonds duly ap-will make a few remarks. It alleges that parties, intend-bii>heat i'j-pli its of valor. It wa* af er thia tbat be with the aid of 176 po icemen, puta the Spanlab captain and crew on ooard and »Bivrta'hem Into tbe streamtime comes for them to contract, in order to pro-upon a portion of its gaid railroad, at upon the above line thereof, when any item or article of -property shall be transported upon any such railroad, and the sane shallin Great Farce—Trained Monkeys Against a Prima German where he waejgoing, and he told him to Bremen. ra.led in the pti'ilie papers After I had been thus got onDr-ntui—A Lewe at Court—Attritions of a Commander at Sea—The Stigar Market, die.This is our Prince of Asturits' birthday; therefore weare all men-y. No work done in the public offices—Bernt the paper, and then told him "It was all right for a ticket stream to get ber beyond the reach of law.Manns at the Palace at twelve M.; three bands of music; to Bremen " That a the history of this transaction, it I *itb to know, air If the public have no stake in thia mat- is immaterial wbat that paper contained, so far as regards ter? If Captain RvDders bad nnt been clothed with the babiit-organize next week, as seems to be expected, thebank average will soon run over $20,000,000 again.The Sub-Treasury receipts still continue heavy; thespring importations are coming in freely, and theamount paid in for duties is large. The balance arts aforesaid, )u rt-apect to any property, whetber tbe stood yesterday at $8,951,123, against $8,352,485 at same IH- carried upon tbe whole line of said railroad orHe asked the price of a ticket, and he was told that it was$36. He objected to tbe amount as too high They toldbim that was toe least they could sell it for, and they thenwrote this/piece of paper, now produced in evidence,tilled up with his Dame, took the $36 from him, handed Capt Bynders and his men, and the vessel pushed 1to thealse pretence was made, in the next place, tbat that nrT tence was a falsehood, upon which the money was of, •ained from Heine—teat a, that the paper which w., given to bim, and which was pretended to be a ticketbe abetterdemandfor money.Foreign exchange closed lower yesterday than it- pose of having tbe same transported to any other stationthat to be fatee. That a not contradicted upon the otherA Woius Mcanmucn nv COBOBS.—On the asth inst a.V '» c«-ri? '• --.i. •f W: ririv" at'a* rate that th;- ..ap*r *'af. rven. I would&st your Hc.i.r !<> < b«»K. uj'«i , .that . m i :htl it canoot be dOTK t.t ;i,.'. r t tv th-> .n i**!tm»».it oothe. far., of it ati-girg 'hat vhe f»'->»» pretence iiuustttl in lbsIKKetitarMFINANCIAL AND COMMERaALStrirDAT. Jaa.», lMft Tbelaefekteineottonreceiptsowerprevkntnor*, and we prwwmathattheywtQaD •va*l tbrineHvai. of the pHwiioee.The fW!..*ii-g has been the course of Ute •lock market daring the peat aonth:-UMeentraiwi* had n«t burn tVnea hH» t«' ten -lays; tb»y toaagbtiaataaaae rane-< in da««T*tag uu-. iitv»r%i«, and U*ey a w e on itw eve of setting up i p»rmuar{aa*v«n* iu 's- *wofMarques,whowasth-nmj%ilpi«vltbe-eby*- •**•«•,havtrgbneapianmitbnr<-forr<>bhiacU»*»aoaducta. fromGiuMataJara- ttir».«a»'s arrivalwaffq«i'"epaor-n o r o f a v i c t o r y w b t e h b e s a i d h e h a d a n o o < a r t « M h * d o v e rUMlit*iais TbebaittookamongUMniaoonteaMd, aadliirtmen soil enjoys pow«»r. Tbi« fellow, Marqoes abovealluded to, tt a bloodthirsty hishwaymaa a otiant tiolefiIviborchparty;hishistorytsonefinedwithrevolttogcrtmes afewyearsagobeat-raeda frten<of youroorrespnodebtaadthrewhimintopnaoaatT*oic,aa«gavehimuntilsixo'clockth»fo'towtnffmorniBgtoprepare for death, unless relsaaed by UM prttaaar't frtevdsea paymtat ot a reuad fin of maaey. The acounire lished their claims, and haw receive.! "<»m me K<>ver* in Uje m rt steeofc-r, tbat he, a not entity ofknew his game, and succeeded to grume $11,000, whs meet that consiL-rai^DinydiaJ a r *ht t.exoeet, a»l the offeree RM laid in trie in•Hcttrwnt—if at the timo he re- as it was last week- It » quoted quiet in tArer- Pacific Mail 7*>," 1*X MX nx t$KTV.<.nrt_Tthickv-oaremfrrtakn Thefa's*pre.caused all tbe church beiv to the town in be toiled in ho of yrsterdav, ?°-i ibrtant, * r-al act, of o.r.iv.y, an' » de Mr .Jw:ib—Tbat, t say in lb-' rm't pretence, aad the the receipts were 163.000 bales, ag^Lust 120,000 Reailin*1informyon«h<saw-wreoftne*r-itvo»-<•,«v of* J « MVMfcer Central . X* niflcattons dne for tb* -Mmmeese amae- " or*«»f>ii. d l» Hoi.or's ri.arge yo.j wUl be kind enough to give tbe de- so that the total receipt to date is BOW2,612,000 Sontb-n gnart'e. 17HI :o> o f t t * " r t a r t y e * r n o t r » - U k - n n . t o c o n w u « r a t o n ' o r States by tbe gnvernnvnt of her Ma-«t> . '"" tbe >• . « • Oi, piup.ee f trtabUVhii'g IMO. Tv tba« oortton ef vourtameweekof1869,end69,000tameweekof18iS; hales,against2490.000tosamedatelastyear,aad TJrtrolsfentrel....67•V *% •¥ rv af. atman"isspoken«',Irthe *\m* trtV>,from >- f••••te»thryKIv't-eiat'*«•fif*F"wl->rdebvpr^thispanerto tbe': iiity that t> niesr-tto t ve. him a ticket for Bremen*SpooL Matiy dealers have been expecting a decline The market continues to 1eel tbe injurious effect here, end have been srtrprieed by the tteadineai or •f ths proeeedinjrs at Washington and at Albany. the market on the other tide; but these parties The non-or*anisstinii of CongreM end the inflam- probably pay too little attention to the gradual matory speeches which have been delivered since spread of cotton goods thronghoot the world and that body met, have deterred many prudent indi-Thejurytlenretired Consultingtogetherfwhalfanwss thi n » mmi'ted to tbe custtviy of the Sheriff and re- mnv.Ml to ib. Toombi. ' Thp penalty for»be oflpnos is rtthe Pttte. and transferring business from them to grain orfloorhere; notwithstanding the deficiency tbe rival lines In Pennsylvania and Canada, bananded the malls, passengf'S, ke.. 'or Havana, arid tork vesrs or a fine- in the excretion of the Omrt The ae-on board t«o Hgbters' freight, and at the rise of the tale rnrr.piico r» Frw'er (Jihn flilbert) was.immediately onin the afternoon (23.) proceeded " s e e ^ ^ ^ ^ the reb'titton of the verdict surrendered by his and France remain stationary, mach to the disappoint- Central is now selling as low at it sold Insnbrr naive to the law that thi'j forget that ft a the proceaa and not the person that the law requires them to obey. But the at tempt In tbe present ease utterly failed. Captain Kyndera tailed tnobtain for bimaelf tbe •bedience which would readily bave been accorded to the bumhlrat, who might be armed with a legal process. He did, however, attempt to c wne on boardminds are biassed upon the evidence presented. I there with bis sang; his process was demanded but failing to pro- Since Jan. 1 AWP it, be sought to enforce It by hla revolver. This waa$3,823,728 2.523,200 4 ^ 6 7 9 age or other known quantity, specifying the rate per mile at which tbe same shall respectively be transported bytbe car load barrel, package or other known quantity, as 1860. aforesaid, and tbe specrfic sums respectively, for the r«-Thin effort was succeeded on the following day by a no less ve-Since Jan. 1 $4,688,6432,344,151you to find a verdict against the defendant, but 1 will foot upon tbe deck of that vessel. But it ia afMr this that helake the other statements to tbe indictment, upon which I enarti, if for a moroect we aaaume to credit Ma statements, his and unless the banks are careful now, when the provided, and at the gam* rate per ton per milethe pleasure seeking public to the evening. Business is reported dull.ing to defraud Heine, falsely pretended to him tnat a cer- Exchange is quoted on London, 14.^ a 14V£ premium; tain piece of paper was a genuine ticket, which entitledNew York, 3}£ a4 premium; New Orleans, 4'8 a 6. that pretence, which was relied upon by Heine, they ob- 1 was Induced to go on shore and yield up pna*e«-1on of the shinThe hotels are rapidly filling up, more Americans beint; tained from him $36, and defrauded him ot it. Now, it is to '"apt Bynders by a pretence aa bald of truth as devoid of honor sod as maliciously wicked aa any tbat has ever tendedTbe case then stands tbns: I was In peaceable possession ofnot be mentioned in the arrangement, classifloatjou ornot necessary in making out pretence that words should togireCapt Bjrniers the tndfspafable character which is now The banks have been gaining money since lastIn town than on any previous occasion during the winter. be used to that effect. Tbe pretence may be gathered so universally conceded to btm 1shall not here repeat what week, and should show an increase again to-morrow. specifications aforesaid, for auy other item or a-ucie of The Empire City has had boisterous weather during the from the facts as well as from tbe words. Gentlemen, I stated in my communication of the 17th Inst I will enlv add, properly, and ail otber cbarges ror receiving, loading, uoentire passage from Havana.the history of this transaction is a very clear and a very tbat no such older was ever made or entered as that under The export has been nominal, and on the 24th the loading, handling, delivering and doing the other things short one. Heine arrived in this city and is taken by a which Capt. Bvcdera claims to bave acted No lawver will~-^.OCB HAVANA CORBKSPONDENCB. HAVUA. Jan. 23,1860.earen that there waa auv power of jurisdiction in the Co> rt to steamer from Aspinwall arrived with $1,760,582 aforesaid, tbe same shall tv; tbe lowest rates per ton In that office there were two persons—the clerk and the make any aueh order nr anv order in the premises, and If there Tbeir last specie average was $19,233,494; this time mentioned in each specification for such purposes. NoA Royal Birthday and its Sportt—Salutes, BtcepUotv, Theatricals, Balls and General Amusements—Ihe Opr-adefendant now upon trial. The person who took him was the *ligbte*t ooior for saying that an » order whatever bad been m»de wbicb Ctpt. Byndere or Mr O W. Morton might there informed them in the English language that Heine claim to have believed conferred auch authority on Caut Byn-wanted to go to Bremen. Tbe clerk then asked him in ders. DO one wPI doubt that it would have long ago been paarucle or class of articles of proper:y, according to the ar- hut year they held $28,000,000. Should Congress rangement and classifies ion herein named, shall berunner or somebody else to the office of the detendant.ahore CaM Bynders put the ahip in possession of armed men. who held her witb tbreata of asaasainatlon in case I or any one on my behalf even stepped a foot on board, until, under the mock p-otertion of a police force of 175 men. the Spanlab cap- tain and crew were marched on board, under the command ofsalvos Trom the battery of Isabel tl. on the front ram- the offence, If it was not a tick.-tic- Bremen. I do not menta of office, be could pot have achieved tb'a act of lawless $4,500,000 of treasury notes awarded just before specification af resaid Every lot aad quantity of pro-parts of Cabanas aad echoed from the gray waits of Fort now refer to the rules of law, but merely to the facts. If violence. It ia that toe public presume their officers are acting perty , although the tame shall consist of two or morePrincipe, morning, noon and at the going down of from the whole of that statement, you come to the conclu- under process of law that m akea toem qufektoviedtnthe moat New Year have paid up the amount of their awards; items, articl.s, barrels, bales, parcels, or otber knownsion that the defendant knew that the applicant wanted a arbitrary and lawless actor apparei tofficial power. Bad IsaiahUM sun. reception at UM Palace tonight; illumination of ticket to Bremen, and his object was to purchase it, and, Bynders been only tbe Captain of the. Rmoire Olnb, I aboiild no w ba« e been In poesesaioo of my steamship; but he bas avail- the House and of UM Tacon theatre, where we are to knowing that, gave bim this paper for a ticket to Bremen', ed htmaelf of tbe prestige of an office—al wavs honorable till it bave,w1th a strong cast,, "Lucia di Lammermoor" and tbe taking from him the money for it, andtellinghim it was was his—to deprive me of my property. It ia idle to tell me all right for that purpose, then the facte of this case are that be is liable to respond inriamageato tbe full amount of toe last act of "Gemma de Bergi;"' the Campbell Mmetre Is mane out There ts no doubt about the payment of Uw value of the veaseL To be liable and 10 be responsible are twoat the Vilanueva theatre; the dogs, monkeys, goats, elks, money, and that the money was taken by Fowler. Now, quite distinct mattersfor what was it taken? What was the objectpf Heine s Another inquiry also suggests itaelf to me:—Row came ftand all sorts of trained animals and humanities-, the grand paying it? The evidence on the part of tho prosecution tbat 178 policemen were specially detailed to deprive me of mycircus of Chiarivi; an extraordinary ball at Escauvozaa shown that this was not a ticket such as is understood by property? Are the Poliee Commiasioners tbe servants of the federal officers? a re they the servants of Isaiah Bynders, act-quantity (being of tbe same classification and the notes are current at par a J premium. arrangemeLt aforesaid), offered for transportation Tbe money market has become quite easy again. ai one time, or named upon one bill of lading tictet, or other mettfad of designating the property intended for Honey is left with established houses on the Stock transportation, for one name or names shall be consider- Exchange at five per cent, though people who go ed one lot and quantity, for the purpose of ascertaining tbe rate, and aggregate price at wbtch the tame shall bo in search of money pay six, and occasionally as transported, received, loaded, unloaded, bandied, de- much as seven per cent At the discount houses livered and for doing tbe otber things aforesaid. Anyfractional pert or a mile which such property respective-the defence that this was given ts a receipt or at a certifi- We were to>d when the new police organisation tookcate, it was to be brought back to the office cad ex- place that tbe purpose was to decentralise power—tocnanged. It contained a statement that it purported to be place the police of the cin In more responsible and for prime business paper, 4 a 6 months to run. 7 a 8 property respectively N*o railroad corporation ot thisan Ma taftaeaem except, perhaps, with too fatoons; ditto mere extraordinary and less select at the that designation, nor is it pretended on the part of Ute ing without process of law and tn direct violation of we hear of an occasional transaction at 6SAgain, in the next place, tbat tbe transaction took place to N. Y Pbe was very near the period of her oouftoement mercial bills pressing on the market Most of the tbe time, shall be signed by the president, vtee president raw weeks, at they go to tbe country for health and re £ « way detailed to you for the purpose of d e W h S at tbe time. An affray occurred at ber boose, growing general freight agent or superintendent ef eaeh railroad'ounces Last evening was tbe Met of the monkeys tor aat tftfr time is onlvin a war similar to those of Chariot UM First tad creation, and thousandi were teat away from the doorsout of the use of liquor, during which she was brutally foreign banking houses ask 109 for sixty day ster. and shall at all times be k<>pt posted up in a oonspiciious a ^ h ± l c h * r M t e r " *»»W deceive such a n ^ under kicked in the abdomen by a young man named James ling bills, and 10:»J't.»r short sight But very little place in earh freight bouse, mat** boose aad depot ofOiver'Cromwell's time which,who could not be provided for with standee space.<*e levee today at the Palace was numerously at-aeigban. Soon after the was token ill, aad, after suffer- business was done for yesterday's steamer above each railroad corporation, or nasi by it ta connectionabowt, la fa regard to UM Kates. The difficultyUM oomattto* that would be demanded* a free Mate. ladead, they state that rtorywaweatora labor couldA> — • a m otner with fainting and convulsions, tia*.*«.i»«-•.:.---^*—*duties,Captain8mith foundd * * m ' * b » **>TM * < ^ u e a « P t o e % X parted ith bis GenUemen, ypu mutt And these mVing tbe most horrible agonies, died. Tbe child is also dead. Tin- murm-rer fled alter the death of the woman, aad bad nog been arrested at last accountswith its railroad, which copies, respectively, tanil at all hast, during business hours, be subject ta inspectionen* was, as usual, brilliant . from UMmraglmg of UM sexesThe night will be The Countess ef108| a f.* Commercial bills rangedfrom106a 108$.J»*> »learning English with great rapidity. ****•**• last Irto, encountered vary heavy wee* * " ^ ^ * « i, ottien you must convict the defendant. If you do not hadtoe? ?m mum o s w ^ a ^ ^thosethings to k w l j M ^t'noX t U ^ i n o "*nu>epassengerswereseaskit,andtwoBeeted-ope deranged in conte- I am asked Is instruct in favor of the defendant.me togtve » y o n . Tfyontatrrany doubt upoattnv ahip,and^ I U S M * £ $ waachTJaessand ject,gtvetbebenefitofthatdoubttothadefendant,^thai the buildtoga were beatod with steam, and manageiwithgseatcare. TheonlyInferenceittbattbebuddings torthe$1400,000oftheloanof1858tobeawarded bytbesaidAuditor,ahallbelegaTevtden^lTany^o^ were set on are. The tots Win not fall below M , « » , on at Washington on Tuesday at noon. As the amount •*«»•: criminal, in this Stale, of the mad arrangement* wbich there was about $10,000 insurance The loss of tbe classification or specification, and the^onlennf the^r* buildings throws out of employment about one hundred is small, and the popularity of the loan not very that tbe same was made by s * h i ^ w o a d ^ . TM . . : ? 1a> itvi they' would nevertrreat, it is not likely that there will be much com petition for it; the prevailing opinion appears to be that Mr. Cobb will have reason to congratulateof thefli.uK.nd the time »Mbe*I TnTlhe^f^u ^r ^"d•to*your charge that they catuiotThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069on suspicion.*ta ae be charged, orcourse von mutt give a verdict In * ~ - S.*#?«r¥^ a n & Z S ? ^ J 2 2 ^ * * ~ ^ persons, that gentlemen, that these are all the Instructions necessary tar' lag bsaidWwss hadly damaged. The Worcetter |BWtaya conia not nave been i ilsanii ii«.».•.•_., »,.„ .. - -• „> «K,made at the Sub-Treasury here on account of bids ledgment thereof, certified with tbe time of tttta* * ? £ Z il-tbeevidenotdoesnottatisfyyyooun of thias intent, n t sawithout hinoraoc*. A copy of such arrangement classifl Tiir, Pi "nun SORBTUKOAT —TMs terrible scourge is pre- werefirmerfor, the Wednesdays steamer, but fell cation and specification aforesaid, signed at aforesaid:bim.ondersloorl yfirjr Honor to lugtoMr>uuptouidbtenelghborrhavebetaarrestedJoTM«»*»heget*\ per centpremkitn,Untitled Documenteffects of the poison administered Several slavet be tons- • t l - . ,« „ . i , ^ » » a*a a _ J • -^yearshasnotyethetniotodecline,allpredictions Dee.11Jon 1Jaw.14.Jam.21. •*.«. Missnori«'• «t» 70V 7« 7»very large; the price, however, ia not qwjte ea Arm12* l»V 1 » K PiKlsor Wver.... 411, •T* «'V «»*»:from Europe do not encourage speculations tnflkewire exercised • powerful effect on the market. cemmi'ted for trial. , ,._ April and* May last when the earnings tbowed afalling off equal tn $100,000 a month. Galena is ItleansorRogu« Ticket—ImportantCaptainGrahamandthr.vliurroftheGreatBritainendtheContinentofEuropewillre-depressedbyunfavorabletrafficreports.Ittsin tbe foreign sappry, the markets of England endTO THE BDiTOB OF THR NEW TORI HERALD. they have consumed the heavy stocks they had on »he road, and hence the borine** it light r\t/R, the A rerpmiitiiratlon *pr>e«.red in the '*»t Sueday's HsRALH,ever the »iera«ure of f«iiaJi H vrdVa. in relation In my steam- hand when the crop of 1859 was harvested, their price of the stock is unprecedented. Parties con-«htp fo-an Bird, and the rear ner li> whieh T «»» dworfved of markets may remain sluggish. In ordinary times, nected with the late direction, end hostile to the bur Vour reader* would not s*ve me eredit for nanch KjealFowler, what do you do with them? Are they or are HL awTeree ard tbe I'nlled Statea, are still nlai^ed by toe Illinois is producing more than ever before. same party or a compan* of persona In I'nba, to whom, in thePassmg fr>m tbe subject of railroads, allow me to re they not good for a passage to tbe places which ia repre' winter of iM6 I bargained to aell the < >cean Bird for the edm Milling is going on very actively throughout theMnrken. and with the.fr reladnns t > m< We^mahioa Had those[«ranna sUiod fairly by thuir eootraet while In Vew York,Mever A Stucken would have been cooio'Il'd to anirender allclaim npon tbe »htp» on my oavlnstke anm loaned upon them general rule. There is more business doing in tn?r<J»er with the h.-nua of $25.ufXI all of »hi h I was de»t-fff.».htvs which had c"st me. and were worth, half a m0- lw* of dollars. W/bOethia nea-otfatfon * as rnir * on between tbeHirertsot tbeeeKr>an««hcet>r>tneoandWeverA^tuaken Iin the market. Sugars are depressed, and a de-time. In former dsyt, no such Increase in railwayT n Pao RATI FREIGHT Bru.be two or three years in the general passenger business— P-event the renlein aii't, anticfiiatlcg through tbe mpek of goods on hand is unusually large, and from all An Act in Retatiof tn ihe Tra+tportation of Freight on (keWiiI'am Robinson, hotel IfSeper, SLOWS Mr. Fowler toCalifornia, Liverpool, &c ; I have frequently Been iiekets like this produced, n possession of passengers stopping at my hotel Q Have you be*-u with those persons wlto tickets simitar to this down at Fowler's office? (Objected to. ObjcctKB withdrawn ) A. Whenever they wore present* d good tickets were givea for them; have known Mr Fowler for two or three yearsCross examined—Kept a hotel to Greenwich street for six years, do cot keep an em'graut boarding house, have bad a good number of boarders en roufelor Europe; thinkdetailed by btmsrif and at the baaard of insulting he under- mans have iak>n tickets from Fowler's office, have been staprire by a»sutrlos to l)»!ieve bis word, let us look for aSeveral Railroads in this State.I have bad a cozen German boarders; think several (lerdown to Fow!er'8 witn as nmiiv as twenty people lor the purjKse of gftticg their tickets exchanged; have never known a ticket issued by F F. Fowler to be bogus; Fowlermorxetit at' b<s condi'c* 5»earratfyj bv him-el'.(in Voi d*y even!' e he t^ila us. "at bait past nine or tenany fortuity or inducement could be brought to lean to-wards UM liberal side this object would be accomplished,and UM corrupt power of priestcraft and power neutral-ised or driven entirely from the land. Nine-tenths of rived at Havana on the 23d at 6:30 P.M. After disem- I know that you have already been examined upon that tvniovlnr the veaaelf' Thus far the actions and doings of Pry goods tike nation would greet such aa event, and the great barking tbe California mails and passengers, and those for subject, and you have te&tuied that you have no prejudice; Captain Bynders wese «i bout orooeas or color of process ofsand propnetora woukt Join, only they seem to labor under a misapprehension that the liberals desire to make an equal oinstoa of the propertyaf UM nation among the Inhabitants, regardless of title er occupation. This might seem egregioia ignorance, to think that men of immense wealth would entertain such an ignui faruus idea, yet nevertheless it is so, and it re- mams for the liberals to disabuse these land proprietors' minds of this bugbear, before they can be induced to join•ae. The conservatives asm have the same er- axpreesicn. The war ia Mexico teems to be imperfectly understood by people outside of that asantry, judging by the tone of the most reliable news-Ksert, wben commenting upon its affairs; and even inxico itself, there are Unas that make a great hurrah,but when asked to which side they are allied, the answeria so indefinite that it would puzzle a Philadelphia lawyerto uaderstand their precise position. Some imagine thatthe present is a war of rases, but the Indian and Spanishblood has got so amalgamated among the inhabitants thatit would be utterly impossible to discriminate betweenthem It a not a war of races, it is a war of principles.The liberal government now see the necessity of msiingrailroadstoopenthecommunicationbetweentheseacoasts,thinking by this means to etteblah a commercial spiritaw. At law, a parti In poaseadnn to prima facie owner of the Havana, the left tbe following afternoon (23d), at 0:30 P. but I go fuither than that, and counsel you against sulfcr- property, and his poaaeaska can only be disturbed by due proShe left New Orleans January 20, at 8 A. M., and ar-be caded on you to banish from your minds everything like prejudice,either against the prisoner or anybody con nechd with tbe business in which he has been engaged.laroam,18M. 1859.mg what you have heard upon the subject of these tica-t eras of law. Captam Ryndars admits he found ote in poases- M, for New York, frauds to influence your judgment at all in UM dapositton sion; that be had no process of any kind whatsoever. One aTbe morning of tbe 23d was ushered to at Havana by a of this case. Endeavor, if possible, aud you can do it, to at a kws Mknow what excuse caa'be offered for this high band lay aside frem your minus tbe fact that you ed proceeding. It is to !>- regretted tbat a pnMic officer abouldthundering salute from the heavy guns of tbe Cabanas, nave ever heard of such a thing, and try this ih' s at'emnt to play off bin official character u pen a people socspectively metiUooed in tuch arrantement and ciataifl- cation, whether transported over the whole or part of its railroad.In case of any article or class of articles of property which usually has been transported by railroad tiy the car load barrel, package, or otber known qoanvtv, and not hy the ton, then such specideation may b3 m^de up in other reports as aforesaid, by tbe car load, barrel, pack-and prices are rather firmer. The stock in second band* is limited, and holders seem to think thatbe nvoraMe to higher prices, as the usual elements of a rise—cheap money, increasing traffic and com-cline of {c. has taken place in the price—a naturalheeama aware tb«t tome eebene prejndletaf tomr» Hjrhta was on reaction after the late advance. Coffee is higher: ed without causing a corresponding appreciation inmi's bv which Captain .hynder* was amuscled onbearil, tbat potaeaalns wonId he rrsataed, and tbe vraaelgnt away without clvinr tbe bond, which. In the event of myrei'levytpp her would have been neresaary. for ber valueKttch a plan a qtdte in keening with all tbe proeeedlnga of'tete Cuban sentlemen in relation to these steaasblps, andrerb»ps not entirely iiontrary to the babits if tbe country towhich the? belong AI all events »o -.b waa the rnanlt, and it iaa fandllar r rlneiple that a party a chargeable with intending Tennessee buyers are hardly due before next poration for itself, shall rate the relative value of trans-"i aptain ViadtmortP bad "een put on ahore by a mob of pi >ates." Be iirCs 'tteTsbip in posseaaion of Captain Graham and fifty or sixty ot/BIa men He endeavored tn u 't the <pa tilth crew ra board, tbat they nolfc.it have a place to sleep" (they had not slept on board since they a'rived In New fork). Beta resisted, and finally ad»1sea dMsbi«ertng crew to re tire Be finally dekarts from tbe acene of ac inn "leaving two of bis effleers ob board to keep Caotaln Oraham f'omThe following are the comparative Custom lesser or ^actional part of a ton at to a greater quantity than one ton, (except as herein provided,} to be trans-House tables of the trade of the port for the week and since Jan. 1:—I860.Previously reported. ..4,965,644 11,785,908 12y34r>,924Since Jan. 1 .$6,790,814 16,632,120 18,638,236 EXPORTS EICIXSIVB or S r a r s .For. the Wt,For tbe weekIreviousJy reported.... 1.904,031For tbe weekPreviously reported... 8,444,175package or other known quantity, and wbich last sums 614,762 shall in no ess!-exceed the said sum of forty cents (4f> The banks are expected to show an Increase of per Jon. whetber transported over tbe above, or a partonly of its railroad.IoaDs and discounts to-morrow. Some of the large Every such railroad corporation shall at all times take,$1,244,36881.40043'2,»«2 ing tbe other things aloresai 1, by tbe car load, barrel,organization of the House. Tbe last average ofbank managers should look for trouble this tall.upon which the same is i'aasport»*d, the same phail be transported at the kiwr-rt rate per ton per mile, as afore said, as menuoned in said arrangement, ciataiucatioo andthe close of last week. Nearly all the takers of the cas" 8 be ace iniing to the arrangement, ckasa-aostion tawWe bear.of sales of very good bills at 108^. FianceTakersof arttclea aforesaid shea " -- - -^ ^ W otaiirF > i e „• x * ta nr* M twtf>«s» Jis«X 91 «w«"« lew .2* 180txeffic as we are witnessing could have been report*ceiving, loading, unloading, bantling, delivering and do-charged a price for Irautportatioa ner tou per milo greater than double the rate imposed upon the lowest ar- ticle or class of articles named in such arrangement, clat- sW)c»*w)—ores, mineral, coal, exoepted. The same prion shall Ju all cases be charged for tbe receiving, loading, unloading, handling and delivering and totng toe otheronly upon a part thereof, and s.ich charges shall in aDupon its railroad. ~~ www.fultonhistory.comIper cent for 