 Mr want of important news tram Ihe interior, I shall h* «*tig-d to write auii> open local topics to IB 1 treat, hwwmar, they saly be of BOSS*the Legisiaier* of this Stats has at. length adjourned, flawinga*#n3kMwittwossonths.Ithasseesmainlyoc espiedw>:EJfatalmatters,but'tbarbadbeforetttwo MKJW'J of general mitrest via tbe McLase tract? andMat quasi«•> ofeufiUauiag extraordinary powers with tin thrvrroor With resnrd 10 tits treaty there was ao differcertainly made hte appearance on the rtver, and is sow at theheadsf twohimdredmen Beattackedaranch*be- avagiag to a Mextcan anfrietidly to hrmnelf several days ago, and gills* the whole party Be says he w only wait- tagfortheyeifowfcvertobreakoatatthwplace,whenwill remove,andthanhewillcarry outhjs The Mexican troupe in Bwassassos bare gone up tbe river to intercept sad catch him if pnestbie, but Iwhere tn«; republicans are. s i sound upon the slavery ijiiestton as liiUtow. ledeed, Cliaow lewoMansss know u no other <)iiestK ia except that.betw«en slavery extensionfrom traatg into tbe United Kates Senate.Ana itphouid Dot be f.. gotten that, although the demorratw BBKiuie.- for President—Mr. Buchanan—bad a piuralityiss the State of Ulinois a lfAg. m aajsenueacc of th T- r»v|ng then three cand'ulatos m the Sew, the d>mo- erary wsfe «tiii in » minority of nearly thirty thousand-ini to the liberal rasas, from the eflecta of which Utoy wilt net for name time recover, and so ends Gen. Gragan new plan of rsganwratiim au-i reform, togetner vraa bm ambitiouB bopea for tbe Presidency«>en. Dage:^an m still at aha Lua. Report states that he will ha*, iiw aummand.in-chief of uie defeated troops af Uraga. N.4Jung importont can he expsctod from tbo me i naif iiTi at Degolmdo, he ban complete :y foiled m all hmi to«.m» n the liberal eauae; in -.act. he ia not the any esterpnsing snovem.. ut, and has been ge to tbe liberate than all the reactionaryOn May the 13th, the session of the Convention called forRaymond, for tbe usual appropriation to enable them to celebrate the national anniversary. On motion of Council man Allen it wasreferred to a special sub-committee ofThe Onmmittoe 00 Regatta reported favorably to appro- StaleHousefromWhichAt*jumped;the-StaleHousewas priatingSI.000forprizestotheNewT'irfcYachtClub not then built, aud the Legislature assembled in the old and those wih which participate m the race off the BatteayBaptist church. The Set ge*nt-at-Arms had be'-n sent far en the Fourth.The Committee on Fireworks reported in favor of approThe genera « ;vemmeni ought to provide some mesn? to gat r'.'t of tiio bum but' if not. tbttre wfii IH A compromise >ta. sthefriendsofCbmoofort andtheliberalsto iwgoiiaiio. Thw amalgamation will cause a hoist ta. £ag» of therr respective nations, in coatortnitytben tell nv- how I am to catch him."u(.cft£etreatyandJuarezguvemment.teste*.withtheertablisliot;custom,uncertaindays.Tin- government det^jared tbat public functionaries niigbi profess opinions dill TUio from those of the govern-b c ! ir electoral mattereThe pr iect of 8r. >tian. proposing a reform of thenue-t indulgentoffathers,akind neighbor,andactever tellowfjjnerally. AsaSawyerheisrespectable, buthas iiever taseri consider*^ as tirst class. Since his nomination beh»s||Be« suilol ciotnes, and is evidently trying loCity iHtelllarence,r'.oaas Caxsouc brrsujGsacs.—During a recent vwit to16•i31 2 2 7« Poland 1TotalrusticTotal.UM federal at there ****^ef May, after as extraordinary samien of ten dnyn. The athst s f Omgn'a defeat w d be to deprem tow chances of the Jaarez gnewrssssajt, and to euawslilsir tne newer of Tfliamim a the mtertor ft W nsahNS, afVr tbw. Car the Csiaai rhatos to unseat awythmg from tbe g '"vwrnsjewt a t Tern Crr.z, for A w n o t enly tacssable af i, b'-.t it w amompetent l> control the tohesnhpntitoitsrtie It was a that CnasaSs Tasnwv inter- taredx th*wayhedidatJeaOnx,forifthe Mct.cam7nmannn ssmev^psj anwavvwr sms| gV aanaUT m p f a n * jamaw asnmnwnml wn^PmHKa a w n a T w ewsna B Hthe city, and we snouid now bare bad a resaensJbte go- ta Hrx'MW- ?*utb n ennchnrion weald be tbw tor nil parties, and it at Urn* ibat Mr nVcLnae waswithdrawn and the fcwee ef our support removed, tbat the nw»*nn* might have a hur teid and a clean ngbt for theOstr riiicavgjoLegwlaisr*, and thus secured kw re election to the Caitod Ckwcaeo, BI., June 12, lfJB. «tatos Saaale. Lkeeshi stiB receive* a ssajerity of tbe Fiatform */ laawsta awe Lo^'jof tottahs Ae Ohgmmtor popular sate. Saw, thw ti ass of these ingenious aadat thereligious ceremony which was to becelebrated is eommeniocnt.onofthetriumphn.whichahglisharmsbad a share. The following St a brier resume of the principalCasualtiesOysaoaistwowneu ................ • Ota age Kxpssnre*• • •«• .*.. ••... 1jgatnnU the grounda. Thw haa been a very acts of the toe vention. which assembled on May 1 —. »bors, which might be summed ap by saying that tt re- commended tbe reform of the constitution in acoor dance withcertainconditions, substitutions andomissions some of which were contained in the compact of the 11th ofNovember.M&fl. uutat13th.a1>Itoum.wascelebra ted as a return of thanks for the bappy result of tbe labors of the Convention.slightest difficulty in stepping from a two story windowcf him as a gentleman of unblemwhed moral character, to the gsnund at any time. By the way. it was not the three.akne*.Joints,heBrah.andnervesGeneratrve organsHeart and blood vessels. 1* L'nceftaic seat and aeae- Longs, throat, he 10« ral ferersOnmotonofMr Satmiento.itwasvotedbyacclama I'- parages! ambition and want of capability ti..o u. change the name of Argentine Confederation into >.€•*! him to a nullity. H e w now at daggers the I nited Provinces cf the Rio de la Plata, by whichduoi looked,hejumped outofoneofthe back windowsfevers il Total The committee then agreed to have fireworks at tbe —Of which 14 were from violent 1.76 SttoSOS6 »fa>4.47 40toSSyears ..18 30 to sh years. 3 00 to 70 years.4 70to10rears.S 00to00ye . tpoxt w.t.. Vudwrri and all the other iciportant liberal timi tiiost provinces will henceforward be known. Sr. ehiefn. • • i . Dofciado a now at Sallulo, ac.ialso violently Sanrientu's motion waa received with the most appo'i'u : .egoHado and «*en. Tmoone>, who arnred enthusiastic applause by the mambers and spectators. bere yesU-rcay frum Vera Crux, W in the same position.Arms war commanded to toliow htm and bring htm back again, bt exclaimed. "My God! gentlemen, do you knowsquare. Mount Morns, corner of FVankiu. street and West 1 year..hy an executive decrtti, tin hoisting of national flags on priv ate houses was forbidden; t_xi privilege being alluwed oar. w>puviic buildiu^ on ncaaum* of national festivity. Tbtvariou.'consularugents are,ofcourse, permittedtocorner oi Seventh avenue and Broadway,and corner of Broadway and Forty-third streetlUTjtnoaus, Jane id, 1M0ihy UrnState layuiatar^ io tac McLn/* 7r«oby— sennit! article of the confutation, which declares theBritish America. EnglandPortugal Scotland Cnited States Caknown West ludtee.Catfccic religion to be the religion of the Argeutiuv 3on- K'i Acree—Jasrc: t Iwiiassftoae/ I'mmer—Ity- federatnii, was rejected, after HOOK- Sfiteches by a lew of /orJ w* ;"rape t Dtfmt—Mi/Udiow on Cannwta /Vmer'j the members. wh« maintaiiiec that liberty of cunscieuc"Has th» batis of all other liberties. /•vewwasagmtTowCraw,dk. iJatesfromParanaaretoMayB.Uptothatdatetbe The first step in u > r>distance of tne States of this Ijegiaiature of the prov inc* was not in session. Tbe mem-Germany Irelandcauntry to the executiun of the Ocampv and McLane trea- ty b a j Just transpus-d m t h - ebape of a legislative decree hy the Congress of the Stole of Nu. ,o lieoc and Ccabuila es the aubjact, at follow* —bers were LokSing preparatory meetings (caucuses.)Tin Imfor-uH, of CoTiiova, el the 4th ult.,says—By apersx*. .1 - i argved lVtim fean Juan vre lewru that M. Vira-•oro bde smothered a revolution which has been tor sometime preparing by the Beuevides party. A certaic Mel-Mr lincoin liver in i> plain brown i s " story wotsleu hous', a iittl" off at one «,d« of the elty. Whicb IS Without ornaiueaM • ither on it or in thi grounds around it. Every- ti ing ua«i--ak- it herm..ii-s ahtvuee oi afl'ectatior. and lovnMk'a Island. 0 Hospital 1 0 City Hospital 7 Colored Home Hospital... SDtXKKE.eawt State of Noevt* Leon and Coabuiia does not consiUir tionise te seek safety in lligbt. Amongst ten or twelve2Art. 1. The CongT*w» of tbe sov>»reigii and ladepet- tocsequeiitiy look measures whicfc compelted the revolu-.Wrist, jbut never aithoul a bargain for voles in return " The laSurrjai appomtmenis of his house are piain but h. anotfecr placi tiovt ruor Ford's history says ••the long lafcUiuiTaud cleariy si»'W tfa< impress of Mrs. Lincoln's c-.nt r I!K '. aioDe like a snowball, gathering accession^ jf iiani igli' is really "-an »miabl< and accorni>!ished lady strength ai ever) turn until they swelled up a considers w !hr.-i»"'i ti Mr Ijncoln's intellect, it is jusl to -ay bb jmiiy I: we ds: no: know to the contrary we thai it m r rpectaule. b> v»uicii 1mean next to the high- shouid thrsfc that this ianguage referred to a corrupt vuui esi gradhi. It i> without much cultivatsm, is naturallytaw treaties »incb the Freemeat of tne republic may maXs a nil foreign governments to be of any value or force whatever until they have h?es daiy ratioed byaCVm- grew of the nation.art " The State protects formally and soiemry against the raUfivaiion of the treaty whRX Uitv govenunent • i Met ion has c.;tebrat..: w .tb Mr Mciact. on the part of the Unite* State*This decree was cnasimousty adopted, sad was affirmedleading |«rsons arrested a*, sax Juan, was a latly named tlueirega.here warn,-.; bun ttiat he would destroy hirasclf in his church; the charge ot which has been tendered to one of owl- itigjgrict. ti' still persisted until he did destroy him the rrolessors of the late seminary, bat it is understoodS 214 0 3 216 ISchor h i * having attemperd to bribe the guard at our ofGo\ K'-rd in ti.- history r-f"111iu«aS,?ays:—>"This delega-t'vnfroti' the bef innmg of the session threw itself as a unit (•; slioey, and an'almost inbeconiiag absence ot taste and it. supi»rt •' > r ;c opposit on lo every local measure of m- rem ••njauit. Ana this is precisely Mr Lmcoui s characbT.Island HospitalLunatic Asylum, Blackwell's Islandthe barracks, the pi-n was discovered. The governmentApprow* and pnblialiod May 21. lahw.SAMIAGO vniAnuu. tarxei:, more tasn threti hundxod refusing, and retiring room, f a;- U- rob tae House ol a quorum. The brief13 a'.'.Y.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.... 10 21 ..Siup to greedy s a d adventurous spirits. Mexicans pre- fer their own disorder to the rule of Americans, asat whenever interested parties may eacstrepeople desire axeerwan intervention, rt w all It m not natural that it should be soa*sowniiaambadnetansaeulteriorpurposetow.and fell upon the track, when the tram passe* ovtr one of" external te•<...mchrosK dwnsse.... ISO I external oaasm, fattkwy wealdnot assert each unnatural fatoehoodsof the Ayres acts. Thepubl.c menof Parana and the Governor ofFhtreRic*.General Crqmxa,congratulate themselveswan res of this peopk. The Mwtwans will understand on the tendencies which the acts of Buenos Ayres de- •hat wbea Mm Aaneramas cam* at they mast go eat. and velopv.whodonotretreatmostsubmittobepatupona Acitizenfrcsatheranksofthefederalparty,apublicman who proclaimed the necessity of reform m the consamemonth hiintroduccaeightiniamousresolutiOBs<!'.- ticntoth..city,andremainedhereseveraldays,visitingsigned to disgrace th- war, and il possible to cut ofi tne Lincoln, and caucusiu« with the vast number e>f ambitiousBuppifti. L' our brave and suffering army in Mexico, lie politicians who came to have their sins forgiven. This them at the regular places The Thomas P. WayisnowTheannexedlankshowsthelisisoisliiinoftawatssos- pbere in thw city during the week ending June S3, lbs rang*ofthebaramiHirandthermometer thevarwAwnof.to•terras executive and hsradativ*powerfor purpose of graaUBg hy trearj to Urea; Brandsthe htofwayfortheCanadaBailmdthroughBhtoa.wuhChreima say » UM favsafcHewYorkwouldrestgaietatjest a* is Mexsc*. Junrex a either tor he w swt rVasatostatslLwK tawi ea^etitutam W idsst. It • <is»aswtf-ewtoatpropesHiss tne oaxwsjtaaamml Pimrtimt. and theAndeonidavioteBtunion,aanionwhish,forfromgiv- ag to every chum what it was togitimatoly entiUed to, wouiti bsve crashed ail resismsre comd such a szuos havebeenMwtag• AM>urs41yant.The mconsistost UAIOG. which, with the came of accept- ance of theeonstitntian without nfaim, was awpfaa it to ss, for from awessnag cucrvuuated in tune, wntud bare becomemureodions,becausetherightsvrhi_hwere raised would present themselves after warns in all""gb'tnac when pnvatiftc would satkx theirall the mere seaeihit Then would revolutionewer «U tbe republic, sad tbe partisans of ooawormity wouldbarerectinixeCtheirlata!error.Facss have Sam imiisinl tbat the ideas af tbe liberal party were gaad, « i i that itt siivsaartse were uc the wrong tract.t'si eocwr.mucrateverelectedtoCongressfrumthatdistrict.from UJfo city say- that, in one night, somebody stole abuut iftoen rails frum tor fence. which, no u..ubl, are ae- ture ink uoaig good campaign service as the veritable rails of©id Abe's splittingA rejfciblicaii editor in Peansyrvaaia telegraphed to a e.ntiemaiiinthiscityas follows:—"bead me something alx'Ui bhwesilMu Abe ' ThegenbeBam seat thisanswer —There is nothing about him." This is just about tbe truth;amithosewhowanttopraisehtm.sadthosewho want t#abuse boa, will find their invention severelyPricble are tbe names of the tw o friends of Bswgw* wn J superintended the firing, on behalf of the Young Men's General CommitteeACssaoBaURB will be piayed wo thw betweenSt Georges'sad Kings osaaty wdabMiunusuallygoodpractice,sadthefatter,we believe,ss yet unbeaten, will osose s greatweilknc*rnsasnsaofl H. Wright, sa taw 1 will playprominent players. 1ScssaT is Hososaa —Thei sadtheaaagiatratssofthec the largest libertyto visitors, hiwsttot ••TTTPTsI' andJustie*WhiueysenttoBergenauiaIi treaty mafctag power i s m trartne ofthe lexpbcitiy de-pened if the ultra refomiwts bad triumphed? We doubt it. Tbe imsad wl* incorporation of Buenos Ayres would perhaps have been fjcnred. :-it with the sacrifice of the righto, tbe advantages and even the honor of Buenos Ayres, which *•«...*. tuea have sees renegade to the noble principles which have gu:*ed her since IMS.A bright genius of t h - city Has a crowd of men manu-facturing franav fbr Old Abe's photograph, out ol the railshe didn't split forty years a^o. A former ahent two mues hearty and genuine. Augustus J. Browne and Jiiatpb F.NEW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, JUKE 2o, 1S60.-TRIPLE SHEET.point N«»t only doei Illinois claim tbe tjuor of original, doubt their ability .n tbe (ITB place, and their wiUingn^ss '.ug the bloody • rrepressitde conflict ' doctrine, out M-.134.S33 ever, be received no reply of any kind, j -Wei." con-1 u-»ln •laims to b»- tn» dr«t toan *!.o proi^iaimetl lb • aacc «f««,Miiutt, every o-mb-e beiag tMruogry espeaed to to attack him is the anoed. lie says be knows th<> or- priteip;.- m that savag. and revolutionary form. In a.106^43tinued the worthy Councilman, "well, you are a loafer " S i 1! BO r e p l y w a s v i • • « - h a e f e « l , a j M i t h e C o u n c i l m a n n o w s t o r - ped a few paces from tbe chairman and repeated, in a lotjf] voice, which betok-ried aaacs auger, " W«U, you areaM, and dray w g aba power of Juare* to bind the republic without Ihe iUTv-TUAi. of Ckiogres*, A Boat decided ptwarit asnwet UK mtitcatsss of tbe treaty waa aneni-aaswaiy passed. sad receired Urn sssent af taw Governor flaw w oaiy waaurtant aa showing taw state of public opa-ders left w ;tb tne garrison were to remove from town and form a camp at a distance of aome eighty miles on the first approach of the epidemic, and then, wbea the popnlittwn m small, and manr sr« down, and the rest nurs- ing, be will bsve an opportunity to sack the t.-iws.of LIS at ColunibaH, Ubw, m Septemhir lici, h •elaiffie. 1 i > paternity c.:' t£>e irrepriesiblc conuist. H-JSaul:— ••! do ootbe.cV:' t^attJovemor Sward uttered tim States SSnat-'. th" Fillmore and Fremont parti<w w-Te loafer, tnd a damned loafer."lie fulry imprasaad are the cttueens witb the dreal ofroom for a moment or two, every onepresen.being 13tbeaumoerwoui.dec."tmiyaboutahundredmenwereenv thathejumpedfromibebackwindowofthelegwattive with their arm* t m i of hi* legislative career was distinguished by no_-elf. sol that, at the end ol has first torm, he sank into compietr j.t>liticu.i obiiviou. where h e lay aimoei eutirely liiddenjfreni public view until the Senatorial campaign of ItsiS. Wfoen he was brought out partly m consequence ofthat he has declined the offer, as the income, it at be- li-\e<i. would not exceed fifty or sixty dollars per annum. The pr> s< nt faculty will have other positions asfeigned to them. The new establishment will be under the charge10U IS17 S3 IS* 1734 S3ZThe Onascrcio dt la Plata has tbe followingi—The pro- sign oi aodity. and K remembered only to his uisareait hy all the offieeru of the State without delay It was cir- phet* of disaster have b*^ i. deiiaiveil. and their sinister an-C to the lastuig disgrace of the whoit vote buying lac-publit'iy and privately, as an art of public import- as I ean learn, met with tbe most entbulie adherence of the people. In (act it was a matterwbicfa the popular clamor iorced upon the rulers, for :..rui—preaents Bui new Ayres to-duy With her liberty tr a Inch Lincoln was a candidate had sent many volun- Browumg and Williams oi Qiiincy, and Paimer of Macoe- hlSM!assomeofyearstatesmanmaythinktheMexicans, ^^vl^^tier rights &••tired inthe federal codeof there- teerstoliuiiwar.atdtheL-'ii-tandpriueofalargenum- piecounty But then h-suitod th*rabidabolitionfee-l-public, and her honor without a stain, and because the her oi the best fomtlics ui the district were proieundiy ing f a t s»'t that party mad in this State afier the repeal theyareneverthelessunwillingtoheledIntothegrand iKoarjwratiniiwfBacs::*Ayrescanneverseemtheresult inieresi'-d in ili:vigorous prosecution ai>d succti-*- ottberllissoaricompromise. Thereisnodenyingthespeculations which the McLane and Unman treaty opened cf \ . eeoce, her advantage* and her interests lui termitation. Ot course no man could have tact that Lincoln is tar mure radical in the abolition docThe number of deaths compared with u» tag weeks of ISM and ltst and of fastcf'Jkt friijii fshli Okw^awf ZJsciriae—ioegey Hit MomtA- s w n at fbwgeins Hoars' AST's Fasaw * / the Anai * a C Aonim awst flat ahjobtrafosa s/ In fqwiloace—Hu tm- lrrfrr-ju.vm.ijJu OaartiianiMW, ale.The .tile treder io the Cmtrur amd Emquver a few days ago contained the follow.ng sentence:—The ndwiiaatiea of Lmcoin is regarded as a triumph over the liovejoy (actioti of Illinois, who have steadily pro- fessed against him as beJig too conservative.The Chicago Dwuy Anaaeraf, one of the meet ultra repub.Mwn organ* of Illinois, gave a snick and fiat denwi to tb:« piece of sstoBtswawe, in thw language—"Mr. ievejoy sad Mr Lisoate are warm personal friends and political supporters of each other. Mr. Lorejoy was in favor of the aominatioD of Mr. Lmcoin for President, and Mr. Lincoln would like to see Mr. Lovejoy returned to Oos-timely fatohmirts for which the peliuciaac whs Save been brought ap m Master Thurtow's scheol are fosaous. It Wtroe that Lincoln did receive n mill majority of the popular ante over Douglas, because between | v e a n d s i x thousand of tbe democratic votes of the State were threw* off a s a third candidate m rossesneace of bat spa* with the aamsuatratsm. B e t Lincoin was still in sA scene af b y s o itsary excTtmg and djnirncefttl, and by all mg ihnractar was enacted in the aalet i our venerable city lathi i l yesterday earwn was tt* awn thai sf the *pecwJ Commas Cenncil t o Ithe eel-bratwn sf earthe most appropriate one wasact would have beenmtaaa af our citycaswitances s f the aces* of yesterday2JS9 .'*•' far was Linccin from receiving a majority w tne SOU m tkt F\tUr-Hu Pimm for tk* iVare— gress. Mr. Lincoln is for using all the eoostttatioeal w-puiar fate of the mate, that be ran considerably behind h* own fepebtiean tKket. if be had not, be would have bees elected to tbe Senate of the Gaited States is piece ofla lllustratioB sf the part of thw article, as to Uie the fact as thw only1refer s» the City lxwpaetorr 1we learn that for the week ending June eg UvNew York were 347 for the week endme Jaw* • Mtbe deaths were gKL and for the week anamg J.me » , lass last week—the deaths wars only S U , s ewianc* oa swab Me folates years » fovwraf taepiawnI Sow, taking waa consideration the increase of awpuiataw and the mereaswd influx of foreign imm%raUon. we roassert thaithwcityWtstwsdmgl>hearthyThi.grstifysasstateaf iflbli1mornfaawuloaatwofefat hypothesis—viz theCity Inspector baabean unremitting in hw efforts to rid tbr city of nudwawaa. an* has Kept a large force of street sweepern at wwrk, and aaaand.y. tne copious showers of ram withia the past twoweeks baa carried into the street sewers ail the miaul* perucJes sf vegetabk matter not accessikfc to the efforts af the "hoe and broom brigade "ffTATOOrNT OP WOKK POKE Di TIB CITT DSirwr-TOlt'H DtTAJHMKJvT POM THX 1 K B KKInWB JCMM 23, 1H60.reived 304 notices far theabatosaeai of as noticesforabatementofdo,prevtousiyu_w^_,__. sinks and water closets deseed, 54". aumber of lands of night will removed from the egy Uwuta, l.lflt: sesnaar of horsesdo..fortythree numberofcowsdo,five,asmbar of dogs and small aaswsis. i n . number of barrels af otfel.1.616. Dntumnd and IMawwas Jfewg, dk.from tae Cats —Beef, »:* pounds, real forty 12.600 pound*, poultry, sflO. other meal*. 9 one barrel of muscles.Strt* Cleaawap Barns*—Number of •.toyed.343.numberatcarts,Sal.loadsofgarbage removed, • Jag. street am. ax , T ASS, at a « oi 96,301 as.• • I IT ni latheCitysadCountyafhewYork,fromIhelfltbdaysfJune to the 3Sd day of June, 1MBeither with fear or emotion. Councilman Hogan now put Mas, 73 woman, TO. boys, MB, girls, fla-TotalAdults, 143, youths. 1 3 . children. ITS, saahw, I K , 1M. oak red persons, ABmrsaums, June 14, attSa/ I'^untorr Cmmpmwkt hTwrsVr e / s t'wifea' meant is hw power for the suppression of slavery. This hy Fmr Otkert— Oamfiriow if tkt Mm is all Mr. Lovejoy is for Should Lincoln be elected Pre-Douglas;for the republican State ticket was elected, show res tbat tsanv who voted for tbe republican State officers re(.udiiued Lincoln and went for Douglas members of thesident, and Lovejoy returned to Congress, there ia ao manin *s9or tf Mirwman CuMom Btmmtrouble m anticipated witb Cortaus, as be has gree than Mr.Luveioy. There is no state in the Union I>ej,i-laturc. in order to prevent the said Abraham Lincoln,ele.who would cnjty Mr Lincoln's oanadertoe to a greater de-and Sk-.verj xxtiactioi:Lotejoy dot* nut speak lor all the repubUratis is Dlimn-s, wkiu liespeak*inCongee*,islaboringundersmincx inwiiiledetusKA."•ooid mevitaBty follow 4 taw traaty two since, by the sentm^s x charge of the magazine, who Convention to Lincofo's side. When Lovejoy, the furiousgo into eft** M w sat to fee disguised Utat there fireij hw SUB at arcfral persons whom he supposed were iiD-iv. ?ri>i< Illinois. t>eU:tics out his abontwn bile oa the Orom'elsn tf Gkrurnt Dtedt Around Lincoln— So Sen-.iexaw* a annus prejudice agaiawt, awd jealousy of, Asner i- beat on blow lag up tbe powder bouse. 3*>cr of Con^re**, be t= only pushing forward in the IBWL- saw*, law* taw baa bean pssdsmiil it would set be worth diary :iatb Brsi mc.-ateu by his friend aud pniitiuai sup- Kobbcrtee are quit- common about the town at present, porter Abrabam Lincoic L.ccoms dnctrme IKthat th^wajfateaey.aa il might around the swaeepUbtliUe* of and property m unsafe tf left oat af sight and from underwar aaajhibaia on the stner maw of the Bio Grande. loch ant! key Four soldiers inveigled one of their com- people of the North mufl conspire to exterminate slaveryIlea Item w be Jewed ViTfaaat st A m u Refute* to / ' . . -sat Iuwtin—Hit Pencmai Hiafeth—Sisk uf his Bom.—Welearnthwmornington*twoAmericans(horsetre- panion]!outsideoitowsonthenightofthelstii.and dnaw) wore kilfad by thw aaternes Oartiana near tbw beat bim so badly that he has since died. B e wa^ «;;;.-1 ofprnparty to the amount pceed to have money, but fortunately he left ail bat I,TThe particular* of thw dtvltars m camp with his wili? Two of the parties have tnis principWa l>egins a cruaade against theSupreme Courtbeenarrestedand are mpr,»on,while theothertwoes- of the United Sla'.e-, b>arguingtbatitsdecisionsareof caped and de»erted into Mexico. su binding force upon the p*>jple of these liianjs. He The Ru, Grande to m good hontmg condition, at>d »iaj-5 bold of the Dred Scott deeihioD because, as be said, it when tti- new steamers are added which ar* contracted deprives the negro of tbe right of citizenship in these Unit- smiiy to arrest and execute thw baxsnroa* outlaw. If ft i. the trade cf Brownsville and the R;o drande will be ed State;;, and sooner than the negro snouid be excluded from the right of \oting. De would raise the battle cry ofSpliamg kit Only dualijioation, dk., dk.Itisamusingtowitnessthe torturesoftherepublicans in their vain endeavors to make a hero out of Abe Lincoln. Not less than serea different incident hunvrs and gloryadepunim,MOmat I-aa iyso the •resole tact atone. VWnam, with bis char* promtmean and aanae of mstioe, imm* dataaty Wsue* an ««*tr to all tne authorities in tbe v.Still n o reply w a s made b y Alderman Platt, who shookispirithadbeenwarniwaled bythsfGovernor of ccc*id*rab!y increased He areallin favorofthesuc- Ithe aathoritiaa of Mntaaaorea. the hag cess oi Miramnn and the restoration at a strong govern- •plicated trouble* •< tbe frontier would never ment to Mexico, as that will at once b.isg about the abo- .Jated. I nfortuaaiefy. bowerer too many were lition of Uie decree rsakirs Mstamores a free town, whichlogue—" Meet with such a damned loafer like thai"' Then, advancing to th* table s second time flung a paper down upon it. and walked towards the' \ aide of tin: river to it-meniing rather i allay tag th»- ditViultr.was a ssorement solely intended to injure American trade. It « •> a measure not calculated to aid anybody but a few tradersin Matamoros.and tkerefbre it wasnotdoneon"Have yougothold ofanything interesting yet'" "No,"slightly with disappointment.Alderman Platt BOW directed tbe clerk of the committeeBleed .ug frees wombBronchitisCholeraInternum .7 tonsfbvar...3 Cholera morbus . 2 Inlfamsast ion of sangs. IS Congestion of the brain. . • on af spaas 1 Oaogestioc of the lungs. 4 Inflammation of elnan arti. 4 Convnfasns, adu* 1Convulsions infantile . . . ISCroup. •. ••..«••... . 1A grenx lndwe battle toan. panne is the northern part stilus Sterne, resulting m the death of twenty two Ch- sjsnehca. and the capture of noBMrous borsee which bad sewn stolen at their incursion*. The hfexanwui bad one snsn biued and three or (bar wounded. Tbw important viator* will land to checs the invasion of Uusae barba- rmna, w h o Save been committing namberknw and an awardofatractttov. set amy m thw 8tnte. bat nam mttw sat .<«ton that so stany hwiani are tilled, •-Qgnged m the battle ceriamry deecrre tneir skil. a n d bravery Governor V i-ri w nam satiUad in the bigbea degree of credit far dictating t h e aeewnmry sneaauree i s defence o f t h eTbe liberal flnrrer retired after their repulse at Guadaln- i'». sad wis probably unite with i,which are in that vicinny Mira- ace more af Zacatocas.lplains that his men desert and run into Mexico quite too commonly for the benefit of tbe service.of fun, without any bad qualities to detract from the en- joyment cue finds in his society.No man can be farther from being a hero, and none w u l more despise the efforts that arc being made to make oneDtphtherito sphepsyFerer, puerperal Fever, remittent. i . l. 6 1Whooping cough TotalNo epidemic w apprehended at Uua place this year.Steva-e frona tfoe ArgentineM ann o r THK CONFIAIKKATIOK CBANWKD—TUB OA*E>-TION OF KiXIUIOrS LIBEKTT Hi THK UtSIHLATUBB Of JtrKNOD AYKKS—SSJUOC8 MILITARY HOT, BTC.The steamship Champion, which arrived here on Setu"- day from Rio Janeiro and San Francisco, brings us news from Buenos Ayres to May 17, fully twelve days later than our previous aavices.The following are the only items of any Interest.The Enghah Charge de Ahairt? at Montevideo informedthe Minister of Foreign Affairs tbat hw govern-You have but tc lookahuargexeentof th* heart•1 of tne liver . 1A man tbat mippew* that ( i w w^>emont it J- aaouncement £ oJlcial. and it m bokiiy totlv: Filtoiors,•"•nilIE' .u b^t-au.,e I iuu! done so before., but because h • reflect' •d on this subject and saw the truth of it." Lus- coht, therefore, is the author <rt th* ductrme which Se»- ard afwrwards, in hi* Roehrster SP«AIh, christeneu tinunited agshnt the democracy, aud ths-re was a split in the •i-nKieralk' party beside",, and yet Lincoln lost the State by 2 140 vrdys «how tog that be failed in getting the united poptiiarfjaajority a^aiust the democracy by 31.425. "MyAlderman Matt now returned sharply, enough IDa sub- dued VOK', "I take that from whence it comas 'Tbe greatest sensation and s ience now prevailed m theww, far. af count, to* action of Stole Legwfatures oaa bare thw attack, that they nave formed themselves into a v<> "irrejire^ibie eontlict"—a docirui« whah looks out over cciuntryarn. what * falling off was there " And yet thfl evident expectation that a fight would be the hwaasdwisoceans of human blood. shameieeji and unprincipled partisan braggarts who haveaa binding vaiaUty. Thw traaty * generally regarded aa taste** military organiration, and are now perfecting ni.ir.m&Md the aforesaid Abraham LIUCUID for the Presi osaweanaasi of theie repented compliments That state of tne>r organ.tattoo in sneb a way that Loey will be »•:.»- At the Cbi-ago Convention, when Mr.He.vra.rd s frienda d'-ucy hgrc tbr impudence to talk about hispopularma- things was soon interrupted by Councilman Hogan. whoprivilege*spantbeUnitedStates, bledtomeetthedacsr->rwhenitcomes.Sigbi patrols arguedtnattnenominationbelongedioturn,ashewas :jority in the Senatorial campaign of 1868showedadeiarmination,bothbygesturesswellsswords, not 10 abandon the position of hostility which he bad so gallantly assessed. He therefore broke out again as fol- lows—Ccunciiman Booss—Ton are a damned wafer and if you were not you would come oat here and show it.Alderman PLATT—1 do not want to make myself a loafer like you.CocncMmaa Hoca* (witb much warmth)—Ton are no man, damm you. but a loafer, and if you were a mana very aaileqaait »naaalu •! M>I Many eonsMier it are kept up at private expense, and the town is fuiy tti'' Eounvler and builder oi the republican party, LiniX'iii.-:awake to tbedread possibility of being again suUjectoii to fTK-ndK triumphantly replied that he wasthe real author tbecontrolofahandit. ofthecreeuo*theparty. Thefoctwassotdenied,anditla of ttrv aalniaaltly far the paiury aunt of twwiof dotlan. TVjr nvsrfaa* snttreiy taw incidental raich an alarm was created in the en-nflon a night or d.u tnurli t<>turn many of the r.i«t ultra nmurbers of theitrwr Springfield f orreapondencc. Sritetiirmu). Ul., June 11, IMS.mtheSeuth,orthepimpleoftheSouthwdiexttirminato ir«i<t*»m IBthe North.Hit AMhty Tkuriav Weed t PUgritwy to Spnut. U— you would prove it now.Mantifmeturing CanetoutofHontttAbt•'* Hails—Perm Herethesilenceoftheroomagainfollowed,likethelullsyivttnmt Editor ta Search of a. Sensation itan—Bail ia the storm, till the squall came on againMr. Lincoln m the sanv speech in which he proclaimsCouncilman Hosa»—I will not meet with aay such damned loafer as you are, damm you. I am aman whereverIam.butyouarealoafer.tbe "lrrepressHll* cootltcl."He goes on another step still larther in the path of rcro- lutieu and d<"clare£ that negroes are uiehided ta the bill of rights w t forth in the Ijeclaration of American Inde-p>-ndenca —that the • all men named in toai documenting to fish up something oojl of his past career for cam-paign buncombe Their disappointment is painful. W ebeard sac of these romancers ask a chum last night, uonr with a face well calculated to portray rag* tingedapoplexy...,, Apopksy sersos. « Fever, scarlet 4311 . 4embraces negro^ a> well «H white ns-n In his npnech atconjerring extraordinary puw.-rs npun too principle, as could bnv-e bees said if sacb a privilege bad Chicago, July 10 18&8. be -a,.l :—" I should lik:- U> know band, those who want to abaue Lincoln are equally put to before tbe order bad time to be ubeyedibytbelatelegislaturetorescind tonto read thecommunications, iftoy badbeen received,butof the State, which baa been in been extended to Minat'tlac or Acapufco. It waa a mali- flince IMS A majority waa in favor of cious ar * Mexican-bar hit at American traders in theif. tak.ug tins old lfcilarat'-in of Indepcn<'ecce. wtiicb de- clares that all men are <.-qual upon priacipie, and making exceptions io it. where will it stop r If one man says it docs not mean a negro, why may not another say it does not mean some other man)' If that declaration is not the truth, let us get the statute book, in which we find it. aud tear it out That is, it the Declaration of Independence docs not mean the equality of the negro with the whitei race, then Lincoln wants to ge-t hold of the statute book which contains the declaration and t«ar it to pieces. In what speech of .Sward are such violent Sentiments as I t s <5 set forth'' Where can anything be found lo exoued them tuthe ferocious abolitionism ofPhillips orGarrison'•But Lincoln does not stop even here. He is not conteiitwith simpie n gTO equaiuy In bis speech at tiaiesburg,their wM's ends foran)thing to say. Thetruth is, thatthere is very little to praise or blame in the life of AbeLincoln. He is simpiy a plain, b<>n»>t, common placeCouncilman Hocas returned to the charge and said l o u d l y , " \ (>u t a s t e r y o u ! i f 1 w a s w e l l t h e o t h e r d a y I woulu have thrashed you any bow."Alderman P u x r . (emphatically)—"I d e n t know aboutIsaassraaiinsi s f tarsal . Sj away those powers, and panned a resolution to that town of Brownsville enwet,whsahowever,didnotreceivetbeauctionof Thetrad*oftneCu«toraBouseinexportsandimport* aha tioreroor, and waa returned with a veto. Failing to will probably reach gl.000.000 this month, and for Uie •nam* a two-thirds voto.au required by the const, to quarter it will sot foil far short of t2.M0.000 una,itdidantb-wusa*alawandtheGovernormassing MajorBindmincommaadsfthepost,andhecom- st aoanreaton of ua'anited pnwera a« beretofore. Therenan he but litua doubt that m times like tbe present•••netdataiy awwera BOJI be lodged aoBnewhere,and inan hands emUd inch euuadeaee be r*-poncd w itb moreaafaty Uton m these Jt Cereraor Vidnarri.oa of veias1 1 1. 3) i 4— ik>October 7 1S&8 he N-n ly .'.eclare? that the consututios appearance is certainly striking, yet there is nothing in a does not affirm th< right ot property in slaves. That, ofcourse. ends the controversy. Y ou might as well attempt to impress ycu in the lean with any idea of intellectual to rmson with a mad dog witb a tin kettle lied to his tail superiority. The papers have exaggerated his height atAsthmaCancerCancer of the liverCirrhosis of the brer... . 3 Fabry....M derofula7 Softeningof. 4 Teething.. 110 Total..andssanamiableandagreeablememberofsociety. But as a politician, little can be said in his praise. Hm official record is next to nothing, and what tittle there is of it is not much to his credit.He was,a number ofyean ago,twoorthreetime*elected a member of the lower branch of tbe Legislature, and too* to ms hocis. When the dismayed iserguant att Premniure births 1 40Stomach. bowelsamIllinois so tone a the memory of their ror- rjpt ana •-ULJi tieeo-- shall survive. ThoiiO cine tall members of Sangamon county banued together loi a war. i>0t_n~i\< and detcusive. upon the treasury of tl. Stale very much IL- rwrties and cliques were banded together a. your u.-i L?:aiature to plunder the treasury i-l the city ul Nt-N» Yorkthouth it hjo r—enhuuj; in thecornnel''r before Ifce ua) alter le-uiorrow.fora scarecro*seminary expressed much dissatisfaction s t their position.The General took the matter into consideration, and hada conference with the most Rev. the Archbishop of N ewYork. A s a result of the conference, the Archbishop soldthe seminary 10 the Jesuits of St John's College, and asa consequence that institution h a s been abolished, a n dtbe Rev. Fathers who compose the faculty hare ail beenremoved; some of them have already left, and to-day orto morrow will witness the departure of the .whole. Theamount received by the Archbishop for the seminary, thechurch, the buildings, be , w said to be some forty or Of 1In Cornentes there was a serious not andseme bV-jdahed under the following circum-ftancesi—it the occasion of the embaikationof a battalion under Cot Htrjoi, tor hV>&ar^i, a(juarre! arose ameng some of the men. who charge-! eachother wttt. their bayonets &ome were killed and a great prevent Hdefeat of the eorrupl sihemes of this faction M"\!cTwur was evidence of thai for ttiough biatrteixla chasers shall take charge of the parish and build abuyun. party which dL-^raccd the last Legislatureabstractioui, aud very apt to gett oi with whicb l» w a s .dentin**.» ith th« r«"form ol th* eosstitution. The aituatiun to-lay Nor c a his Congressional career less uaf'irtmiatc. tie his "nawriT <rualificat.u:i=. In real political ability he ispredictions have n o t been fulfilled. W ar h a s n o t followedLas be ome more clear The liberal party of Bueros war elected io Congress in 1W7,when our war witli Me.\- far b*-hB-i uiany otb*r members of thf republican partyON TEXHcnSOBAyres—the party which initiated and earned out re- te» had been nearly tw e yearn in pr>igress The distru.t in ibm State, for lastaace, Judd and rx-el of Chicago,Deaths from acute chronic d...mi...j**!RivjtaKuuuiaD-—Mr. James Signer, a baggage master mtheemployof theHudson River Railroad, wasrun overon Sunday morning st half past 12 o'clock, at Peokskill.Hewaspntstrigfromonecartoanother,whenbeslippedare the more decidedly secured. Consequently she the remotest chance tor an election, und.r trim?, than Seward, indeed, be himself elaims that he ispresents an appea.iu.ee cf the most solid union, since Uw-se circumstaaces, who ds.l cot thoroughly the ren| author of the "irrepressiote cooihet." baring an bis legs, crushing and mangling it in a shocking manner,Jane It, 1300 V,JsneSS.tStO.Decrease thw week DANIEL Eit is based en the interests ana tne rights of alL The government of Buenos Ayrcs marching boktly ia the pate of union. endeavors to jvturrt every obstacle wn.(c might be opposed. The government of the Confede- rauaa declares that it considers the reform-- proper, and isnowconvincedofthegoodfaithwithwhich Buenospiedge ana bind himself to give his utmost support lo the iiouuceg lual dnctri&e m his spoiva in this city as earlywar, J . Con^resc A id Mr Lincoln did ple..lge and biud as June 1? I860, which was sometime previous to Mr.The limb was amputated on Sunday night. Mr Signer was a young manabout 22 years of age,resided at Pough- kuepsie. and bad been in the employ of the Company sev-DELAVAJf.Qty] CaTT bavracToa a lJaTaBTSsnrr, Ilevel (has the whites. I s Chiiforam, for instance,opportanity at offered Is a native descendantat' ment, by both parties of Buenos Ayres sad•oU.Ssnnards• Andoethestatute-boohitheyaruda- by the Confederalsin, an the only man capable of s*t!sf»ctc?ily settling the natiusal question, and thushe stV*. thebaitge of disgraceto » elevated to power amid tbe applause of all The tri- Mcause we are bajotted or ewer- umph of an idea could not be more cotapietoiy coscoived. naauraliy. <because ma da sot treat the trwb, The idea of reform, it may be said, was received by the orKaglavh,orisrmaiainthatway,)butbecausearedo entirerepubhc,ifaStontMMibepaidh> the evidences wenet remgawe tbtt a bag breed Mexican w the eqtml of a have shown and that toes has proaucec these grand re- ham Lincoln. But no repentance could > are him from the sultswhich were hoped for,wiibpst sny ofthose dangers uoom hehad MOweii earned. He not ouiy deceived aud of Knave Lass asat Oaabuila have other which were conjurtd up like -ii-omenei phantasms to d^- betrayed his constituency, but be insulted the whois fgiiiimwi thaw sernaaal prate or animosity to go s y y tnrb tbe mind of the people. Would the same have bap Americas pevple.and so disgraced himstdf that hu> own party refusk-d to renom.uau him. and at the expiratiou el his c r n term he sank back mto the obscurity of tuo bar in iiangamon county. But the odium be brougt-t uj«.i. himst lra-ll upon his party ; and. although they put their strongest mas, Judge Logan, in the field, he sufiVre J a most mgicnous defeat by a returned volunteer from the battle-tieidsofMexict'.who,webeLeve, wasthefirstd»-stitutioc of the provinces, is considered, at this mo-mianr.ty m the popular vote of the State, which follows —nenancrsfa....Boiling democrat*Total.t. Republisfn*122.011 6023127 133 LM.SWnswteetdStb the spas the stage sfI'opulab majcrity agatcxt Lincolnthei-umTh.'votewasasfolkiwai—Total Buchanan...MJag ... 31 444Poii-iia* majority against the deroouacyN-'W when Lincoln was striving lo get into the Uniteden th* coat of which he bad divestod hisasvtf. and re- manufacturers have already been here, industriously try- peated to himself, in a kind of audible mono-was the reply, " not a damned thing." On the othercoasequencc of theremarkabk disproportion between the lengthofhis arms aud his body. But hie legs are a match for his arms. Talk of his jumping frum the backWhenthetranquillityofth*meetingwasrestored,the Clerk once more renewed his attempt to read the com- munication, and finally succeeded. It was an applicationt 1 Afor, toss* him, you would think be could not have theTolnlLincoin, and a her be had been brought in and the frontpriatmg $4 500 for a pyrotechnic*! dispuy in various parte ofthecity ThereportwasacceptedOld age 2 Unaary01 Bain, h e , and eruptive1IShS.11....s .334... 1 ... 3 eXW .. . kl.331of Illinois; but the fact that he never, after that servic -in the k> r bouse, rose to the dignity of a Senator m hisState, butwasallowed to remain in the shades of privat what yfn askf Think of the length of Abe's legs, and Broadway,junction of East Broadway aadUrand street, 1 to 2 years,S to • years3 to 1* years It to IS years 15toIsyears. 16to17y*ars. 17toSOyears. St to 26 years.attheexpirationofhis legienittvc:term,clothedw.lhthedistrust and odium of h.., constituency, to a degree whichwell enough accounts for tbe fact that be was so long disttii--aed to the obscurity of a really unsuccessful country bru>.ii bjtai.-elf np a little; but he uever can do it. A suit this city of the Rev Father Sapranis, Visiter General oflawyer. During bis legislative Urni he an*a loader of ot r.ew slothes made to fit that inexpressibly crooked the Jesuits, some of the secular prieftle of St. Joseph's Francelife for years, earning a bare subsistence from year toyear by ijr most industrious application to the duties ofhis profeaSK a of tbe law, is. to say the least, a strongpresumptiveproofthathiscareerinpolitieswasneitheran-uiiant nor a popular one. But we are not left to infer drinks, (por swears. He is an affectionate husband, the Tbe committee iher adjourned. UKp,forthen ispositiveproofthathewentoutofoffice,the "Long- N:n-\" as the nine members of Saitguniou and awkward body of Abe Lincoln's has already the lookcounty were called, on a-'count of their hayiiole ol wear and decay in every thread. U it came from thelength, and it will be a term of nproocli in tailor'sphop th" day befon- yettorday. U will l«iok asMr. Unci in is a man of the most abstemious and ex empiary habits. He neither smokes, norchews,norThe committee also agreed to hare ihe fireworks sup- pliedbyMr.Edge.1• f ti--. Sun ••!' New York Of thia "king uiae." we re- etraii'ili of bobbies, an.! very apt to keep straddle oi treal and other places in America and Europe. There isir.e :ii"tj l'- impracucapeat. Mr. Lincoln was a leading member; aud it aae to Iheni. lao. to toe latter ea : ilis ooursc u, Congress on the a condition allachad to tae sale, whicb tt that tan par-himstiTU do this He went through the district every- Seward% famou> speecn at hochoster. -But on this pointwhere pledging himself, if eiecte<i, •• to support a vig- I will bareafter send you furtner aud unaouofsi evidenc . eral years.Nsw Yoas, Jane St. lttD /oroua prosecution of the war," ani !•> this uieaau uarrieit Uieelectionbymoretban1.60Omajority. Helookhis seat on tbe gthof December, and o.i the 22d day of theIt i« *ot true that' Mr Weed went from the Chicago ConventiontoMiiiiicsoia.ai.hecausedtobetiiegrapht1 tc the sastern press He came straight from the CoavenAccmrvr TO THSTsowas POWBU.—On Friday night last,astheThomasPowellwasonherwaytoPoughlteepsie,when near leekskill, she broke her shaft. Her pxa-scagers were transferred to another boat, which landed wind currents, sad tbe state of the weather at tars*mad" speeches .against the war, and every time voted wttt the besotted and traitorous enemies of the war.un- til such a storm of indignation came hissing into his eai-a from hi* betrayed and moulted coaatitocucy that bo was tr^hw-neduiu>takingthebacktrack;ana.Ukutheunnai- ural swtne wbs.-b devour their own offspring, he eat bismorning Hon. C. Morgan, Seward's rigal bower at Auburn, arrived, with other pilgrims m this republican Mecca. He castr all covered with dust, lookmgas worn and weary as out ot tbe poor piigrun* uf I'cter the Hermit, with a facetattnichanoiuchagrinanddisappointment visibly •dtoueoHi through tiie thai veil of forgiveuees and conperiods during each day, vis.. st 0A M,and8and • ruarnng in place of the Thomas Powell The damage will o'clock P M. 1—probably reach, with the expenses attending, SlujSSb The Powell is singular!r unfortunate in breaking her ma cainery. she bavmg m et with a assUav accident three or orfouryears successivelyGrits FOR TBW '• Lasts Gmrr "'—Two enthusiasticfriends of the candidate of the Northern democracy forPresident,gaverenttotheir*—iiftw about noonrenter•day. by having a salute of one hundred guns tree at thePark and Cmcn Square, ta honor of the *•little giant." The roaring of the cannon brought together large crowd* of peopk, and the feeling evinced for Dough* appearedown resolutions and speeches, and voted at last for the teat w.tii which he vainly tried to cover himself. Sewsupplies Never before, in the Congress of the CuiW-d Statt ?, was any man so whipped and scourged into humil- iationbythemdignatiatiothisconstituencyaswasAbruard.- dsfeat was a terrible Wow to his friend Morgan,and itI atsatter o; wonder that the bruiseshisheartre- ceived will allow him so soon to appear In the midkt ofThis i- thehistory andthe endof Mr.Lincoln's oScia.career. Hiwcame*amanwithsuchanunhappyandd,-graceful record to b>- thought of in conneetkie with tmtrrcsiiency* It ir only another tllastration of UK impru taxed to gel anything to tell about. Hw political recorduencr and reckleaiiieat of she party which baa puthim in nomination. supposetheywere toelect bim,andthat h a third experiment in politas should tuts out a . dm gracefully to himself, and as disastrously to his party, at his legislative and Cuagrebsional career did; to w h s con- dition would he leave aa already diatracved sad annus.,ardceontry? Theremaybesome excuse fortskia< ui aaewsssa, without an official record, in the fa* iaatt he will make as* haswrabfo to hjaassif sad useful t his country; bat to pat forth a man of sash a record asis it a nutshell, his social status as precisely that of any otherejsver,awkward,jolly,common pave*, hum-drum lawver and po.itic an oi a small country city. Had the re- «vp.'.cast- nominated some such sawsas your distinguished tellew eitiaec Niebobw- iteagrist, Btq , there aught have been scsnr fun inthecuaipaign But asit is, every actdent ofthesMgfatostinteresth»gottobeaaatiiifaotaiadootsf whole c*oth The only thing they hare got atrail splitting bus-rees and that is a humbug, beeause Lmeofo was at so tiaae of bw lile a "naonag man," m the yeassan scase s f the word. He chored ohoat jest enough to keep ban m victuals and ciotbes till b e esssssssawaaaepraa-incapacity, with reckJasj dwregard o f plighUs- word, s a dwith thesalsaofbeUaysd constrtaencies. stickingto tteecfthelaw,butatnotimeofh*lifeeverintendedtobaa Mhc the shirt of MSSSBS is a s tassitto the inteih- and self respect of the Amencah peopk.r*v afAs a sswaawes of the sabtermges sad fthwiimsifo to wnkh tbe black repnthesn press are forced to resort, tofor the r>isassay ht s lespectabk • taUMroundsofthesrpsoas that, atthebe a *§tborer;" and it as extremely doubtful if there os ssrtb twenty raiw oSjJus splitting. Butso thai, therr arc plenty af foots who will work resIntothebeliefdhsttheyseeeetusBy osrrrssg radstoathedidsaid- Itwdibeateener H they do sot hunt re«nd_forsssse of the whiskey hea* that deg^adauon were all confined it were of little account:'Sot rt be>pto»r franchwe to a fore*, s a d —If rw a ?ras.dentist eJeeHSB look Uks amobof armdeen rowdies, orthelaSaveawnairnSs of a s insane ssyfoaa. W hy n * a thwawpMi asjofask aa n dJJoofias,while thwUntitled Documentthese assuer of rejomiog heaisBut a politician'* heart Sooubenational sight to see a1boysdoof men going to al^aawtS* aawarV batdeT'* k d L 3 h d FUfafawanII awstrjryaOMPsfacefasagnjAt tbe boarJCIBU< ommtuae,aflemooD, Aldermanaqtxnan sf the cessmittee were present. At thai juncture, and at the basiwtss of aba meeting was about lo proceed,< ouncifman Begss, the Chairwwa of the Cwas- obsea's cesasiitose, eatered thewith a tremulous lip sad other s.talks. Bestoodentbe sideotwhite sa thai posture w a s asked b ybe bad his coat off, to which he repUed that he did wsatbw coat then. Isaxa-diateiyPiatt called the committee to order,ntas Hogan moved round close to wherewas tested, and asking a paper from the Chwk bud it oahetabicwuhviolence,anddemand**thefohowisg—CouBciiBMUiBoca*—I want to knowwhether Iamantasoralouse. LoststthatandtellmetfSsmamanor a louse, Isay. [Here Mr Hogan prwas tod foe paperhe held in bis ban* to Alderman Piatt, from whom, how-aaan—aaserry, jovial man—at whom there is a grant d^^l thai—it may be matter of opinion.' And then turning DtarrbfeeRheuntttiofhim,ttaa oldAbe himself.upon the man to perceive that there is in him none of tbe stuff of-which heroes are made; ibr, though his personalFawaVaT*Jsawk r B ^ 6 " Albuminuria and Bright Sdisease of tbe kidneys. . 4as to argue with a man who declares the constitution dotsnoi recognise the right of property m slaves. It iie.^l« t oghost to t-il where- such m chieftain would lea! us If bewere elected to the chief magutracy of the United Staled. his height. He looks as lean, and long, and lank, and by Alderman Platt (either inadvertently er otherwise) DropsyCHICAGO, 111.,June 13.1860.crooked a-' are those specimen rails of his own splitting. He is aa straggling and awkward in his gait as HoraceDeglectiog to put Mr. Hogan s name on one of the sub- committees,andtherebycuttinghimeffectuallyoff from ail chute of spoils The paper which he laid upon tbebSartovwuktSXTSk**lAummastcardWSOT aawta rros ament bad resolved tbat its agents alone should assist xaacoln'i C&cial Beeord—HiM Legislative Career—I a Greciey, while hie whole appearauoe is more grotesque, in table, it may be well to add, was a list of the names ap-• S *Malfornwv!!amsfssws . la.- <t Wulto guard against any misreprssasast ion of bis character a revision of the constitution of May 1863, closed its ta- as a man. or as a politician. W e have repeatedly spokeneast two inches, for he is not over six foct two, but his excessive leanness gives an exaggerated impression ofdence m the better part of valor." This row waa causedpointed on the subcommittees.Leader e/ tkt. Party cf Long Sine"—Hit CountCeayrusma* MwrwawlofHit CtmUtmemrjf-~ll)wBit third Pviitieal Mxptriment MmdT dk., dk.We have ao wish to abuse Abraham Lincoln; we de-sir*} window af the State House! Why, stepped is the word; from the Veteran Corps of 1812, commanded by Colonelappointed forthe starting sfe s s th*whichw a s Piatt,o'clockfhs llama, sadto the clerk, be continued, "Go on with the communisa- 1tons." The clerk proceeded to read, bat before tbe first line w a s announced h e w a s again interrupted b y Council- man Hogan calling out his respectful farewell, from tbe door, in the following terms —Councilman Hooas—You are a loafer, dams you. I am not going to meet with a damned loafer liae you. I am ..manwherever Iam,either hereoranywhere else.1: *H was the finale of a scene which lasted for shout live minutes, and caused one continuous sensation during that time. The rest of the members of the Common t\ iineii were remarkably quiet—ldte every one else pre scat—while tbe scene lasted, leaving the field entirely in the possession of the two combatants who bad seised upon it, and evidently deporting themselves ;,wu. the sen- sible principle taught by tbe adage, which says '"pru-Small pox 1 Varioloid'ollowing places —City Hall, Hamilton square, Mad.son square, Tompkinsty thousand dollars. Tbe parish will be under charge of IheJesuiu. and a noviciate will be established at Ford- ham Theseminary will be removed to this city, butthe pr.-fecnt faculty—as already stated—will be transferred to other charges; aome will b e sent to Rome, others to Mon-4 6 • t12 It 1410 17 .-,20 II : . a 10oi the Rev. Dr. Mctilyun, from Rome. MCklOt> AOCIDKKT TO A BalMiaCS MaSTXKWeak adding June 21, 1368 June 2 6 , laaO347—IS crass*.I S*3lpTsaawaafat*IsdawPwiwSfrlIt^awaWattsawaadm thwOaueuuiptloa Oebutty.adult Debility, infontifa. «t Ham. . 1 €— uiBelievTie. 6 1fever , typhoid 4 am,sfsww«fa 3Heart,daswas of 1 Marasmus adultleasfsraia . •• . 1 11 . t Mortificslion of taw thigh 1. 1 Marasmus infontUaa* ofhead fassfbesetibtrsh. 1 Suicideby ahawting.. .a.. 1 _ T|7 other dafestive ergaao 49 3dNursery and Chad's Bos P«nl IRandall's Island Nursery Hospital S 8 8t Vincent's Hospital. 3Total7 13 S Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 