 rpower could be cast in tlie scale lor anv people were net parties to tbe suHbefore the Supreme ings on all matters of general ^or local interest usu^ measurewhichwouldbenefitVirginia,New-York Court.Theyneversubmittedthequestionoftheirunless indeed tbe tudon ticket aaecoed m New-York. Cananygentlemanpresentsaggedtbenamaofoim Statewbbmw"illc"a"stitsvoteforOoasuatIt-^nA.MBhim in a moment afterwards standingseeing ritory.lawyerof and a staunch Republican, who Cnenangb,that he representsthe Deaoeratk: B_ Pa(^m*ti«bat they did not mean that the Slave-power shouldany knign eontrol tbe poUey- of this country. [Ap- decide the question of Slavery In the Territories.From Omr8pe«lal Baporler.OMritt^ fte'Saiodara iplendid doDonitntkm was lut, luBlwIIng speeches by Ex-IJ iy tH' i.~'~ ~knowv.i^a my opinion,Lj.sew^Btioaa by force of aims;Salmeia P.It-was this SUve that had dic- poweritpreme Court to declare it uncoustitntiiuial, that would be effectual. Another mode would be that of Popular Sovereignty, or non-intervention, lairly car-opinion, the qneetion arose. Do yon mean to oppose SpeochearesponseMr. Docout, eroeelally from tbe.presse* wUeb advo-at^ftpij ' waid'ecase.Supreme Court Dropefly eonsmuted would dedde tliat Slavery oooldnot exist outside of the Slave States witbont positive enactment But asnomlaated." This prodaeMdwots oflasgbtar.]:Mr. Bbaot eoatbiued That's the bed answer thate<uklbe given. I think I kw>w where that voioavi'ria it i r .uponcame from. dulcet .It<melody of my-one or tittle jotof light anytooBBtr, (ttooiA not in the Con-a sufficient numt^r of Judpes upon that Bench to do the business of the people. New-York, comprising part of a cir- cuit of some 5,000,000 or 8,000,000 inhabitants, should have a circuit as well as Arkansas and Missouri, with their 400,000 or 500,000 Was not that reason-people.proval.In the absence of Mr. HcCsn, President of theBreckinridge and Lane Club, Hon. D. S. DNKntBORpresent than by taHlavyaa a didates. Those whoawpalfci— Heans are highlrdountodly entitled to theagnstaf'B of tte Wide-Awake Clubs ofBXAST,Mr. BxABT said that this his first vidt to the beauti- with Daving opposed ? He Intends to prtvent by aU his own party. What 1posdble means the election of BascxiHUBOB, if not to vcrely ImuiadhiBihimself In such as hereafter to be tbeapodUon call his portiaiU If{Dlisatcrenment—perhapsthecandidate,forsomestatiim,of servicesagaindthewtoqiok* at Foa^hkeepaie on FridayMwt bMgh an Satoiday morning,settle this Men murmur and would no doubt decide, when the great question cameSlavery quejstion. might — up between New-York and Virginia in the Lemmon people. He spoke of Mr. Lmcoui as one who did not are we not t if we have must be national, and date wbo Is^I^HimttmiK^itmttm dt^atebadited th« Orange[Applnuse]TBI QinSTIOn or BLATSBY in the fXKIUTOKISS.Stntet). tton, nor lie restricted in numliers or prinetele so aa»HlMl*iaHT-I^CKialiy.was slm^y a history of Siaverycontroversy. growingwill ever accept and to which each of them would,as tbey should, much prefer tbat the control of Slaveryin the Territories should be left to Congress, 'fbey proper tBough hi Slate' —:ofap- demagogue which the workers Utemselves coold not~Mtowttva«eers:6. WnKDO, WallkiU.Cmnings, Wawayanha; A.if there be who come here any—; like RiCH- ABS ni., but half made up, and that half 90 lamelyceedtng them, wen faBoItodhr til Mr. DoueLAS had made tntvenlng^lUlam H. Hoostoo, War- "Vallkill.that tbe very dogs would bowl at it as it passed. The to Mr. laaooLi'Bideas of .Mr. DobflLAS were impalpable as tranaeen- say -fliat like Um, I 'waatr' dcntalism, as defined bv tbe jocose traveler, who, see- woihed on one mdil after IHopeWtatt SoAenqnaUfieaUoaa;pro- very efficient ? It was just as efficacious as the theory longed of them shall tie given to Bxaoxinainei and!;«iSCH or GOT. CBASS, OF OHIO. inCWMi, altac thf* hnity eheen had subeided,and illustrious statesman of New York— be need not mention tbe name of Wh. H. Sewakd.to a distinct party on whicb all get up upon prindplesexplained in tbe concurred with him as to Slaveryte tpaak a tlieme wliich liad vpon(mplanse)—KHMd •and all-controUing quesnonby simply" and saying Dont talk about it" [Laugtiterthanhisbrains,practicingartsthe;oefricbanything,Lake. Mr. Bbaut referred to Mr. of tbe ingIPresident who would till the vacancies withT.,—a landtlie Repobli-aired. Tlie Republican Party was no more an acd- this: that in the course of time it was possible thating example. When tbey dedre to feel tba dtstiae-wcaaa at'tbe|begiBnlBg, Iterns prertoos '-•who enter-cision, and^is would be from two classes. as some satirists of that fraternity alleged. He was a supportersera to advoeaia Ite Wtto exclude from it our brethren from any part of the like the part he HUfwas mis power that represented tlie Slave States this smalTmlnority tliat sent slaveJtolding delegations to political conventions and electoral eaUegea—dele-tion. [Applause.]Let them pass the 7Jeffersonianthe meeting adjourned, the drlxxltng rain_erwer«senttated topoHiioal conventimis tteir platforms and can didales, up to the time when tbe Republican PartyCBABXwas the theme af uaivanai pnriae Item indi- 'catehiscause-.whyisbe[Mr. BiAST repeated this qoestkm wOta 1**-'-ofaction.WHAT TBI SKFUBUtXaH PAXTT 1IXAII8.ried A outexclaimed from tba crowd BRECUHUBfiB EULT AT BOKHUITOS. breakiag tbetadiof the taoiaeDt, " Beeaase he wasBioghamtoD. Tlierewasno inteation ofofDaniel 8. Dtektaaaa, naiany constitutional[Applause.] They did not mean to denythe cantl and the railroad appeared—4iot because theyjnUlant Democrat remarked, were studied out from the start but because the time ity of the Judges to perform the bustness, consulting thehad come when the progress of human civilization re-which his friends in this Sute soluodestly chargeusabasedexc^Mr.dldataaem to turn tbe morement," aswishes and Interests of the great mass of the people anti-conscrvaUveinthat.Theyweregoingtodothat huesoftheAmericanAutumndecoratedtheas action for BbeL Tlie The world moves. As Gaulso, when before the In- particular unexceptionable to the great majority of the brilliancy of a young moon, and now that he came that the Republican Party was podDve, and are ac- one—If be were ha;" Ohio and Tm^iagn ^vm^ylrania,being, binding land to land, continent to continent,and when Lihoolx was elected, as hehlBi from a BroomeIquisition, was required to recant Ills sublime heresiestive,andthnshadwithinitimportantit would, as was saidmayl>eexensed. Thecon-elementsofsuc-cess. He said, also, and the observation daaerves (br him to look aCa laH >quired them. So when mankind wanted a swifterand preparing for tlie brotherhood of the great humangacious—tionbetweenthe andtheDouglas Party, Republicans,fclhr miiillliii was abandoned, and the against the Aristotelean philosophy, he yielded to cir- eumstancee and made the recantauon. But wlien lie I as the place for the speak- rose from his knees he saia to his inquisitors, and toiTBIE PAETIKS IN THE TIZU>.to theto platform speak,the world*' ,But it does move." Just so in thispronounceaDredScottdecision. IftheSupremeMr. Bbadtto proceeded speak(tf thecomplabi—they migbt combine and they might fuse for him but tbey couldn't stop the settlement of this question.modof transit anypt ton atle^—be Ua' conveyance, for their slaves, through the Free owe his nomination to the foot that he bad split rails be capable of representiug the interests of all had any personal 1^by^ny Mr. Bucxuiaisoi would fovor such a de- in early life, or hairs on enteriag the legal profesdon, our States. It cannot exist a* a sectional organiza- tbe same partywOh WH.U. D. Stivets,s for tbe honor of tlieday,ofthe Freebecause it can't seeit thinksholes in the bank of a river made by "nominatedmyaelt lasreawM ceded me, that Hi. Doaotaaiai tte great dUteuBy is, aa 1too for Bodr'-apart.Democrttic in-1 PartymudcoafesE. Heinfonnadaa thatthis frioids were aat-togeOarthaM lapiataioiioiubtbaMharanthMVhpi^JMias tbe Compromise measures of 1850. He did notpropose to speak of that Compromise, except so &r as the territorial question was concerned, as that was ail that was requisite for his present purpose. Having setUed the question of Slavery in California, the Ter- ritories of New-Mexico and Utah were left, without the Slavery proldbltion,under the control of the peopleThose wbo knew anything of his history would recollect that he had resisted the passage of these compromise measures. He was glad to say, thatthatplaud when his name is mentioned, our friends need not give evidence of disapprobation. Those Repub-only for plunder. If the Democratic Party in prind- UOR, a Jirbersfnitneap,BaHnedntaaO-fteaStates.WHO OPPOeSO TBI OOXPBOiaSE, AHD WHTtof thethat nobody can see anything. [Appianae and roars oflaughter.] But they were in favor of the Union, theConstitution and the enforcement of tbe laws. Why, spoken dlaaspectfully of maanal laborers. ladoitryswallows, was late iadistinguishedwere agreed? Where was their plittform about this great question of Slavery, which determines what kind of a Union this is to be ? Could they get rid of thatcandidate, and proclaim him specially worthyTerritories, BaaoaiaaiBaa and LAin were eontendbir, and would oontend, for tbe Consti- tution and tbe union, and eq[uallty in tlie Dnloa to aUthat son of freedom and himself had stoodof ele- vation because he had toiled more with his bandsand said that tbe fricmds ofside and shoulder to shoulder in that resis- by side,tbe general sobject of tance. He had not a word of censure for those illus-trions statesmen and patriots who differed from him- self and Mr. Sxwaid, but he asked the attention of his fellow citizens who now took these statesmen as theirguide,werey, tts aims, and Its opponents. tofinJditheworkofthisyear. Thatplause.] That could not be done. 'They could notbut condran.The humbled XaOet in ourP«t<iMi;kMl yetlilli tm^ been begun in an eiceedingly thorough dis-that ticket hi tbe itttOScn. «M BjalfcJBIS ensning eleettoD, results are ^taitiing Thif remtad* »a _in their opposition to tbe Republican cwaksB of every pilneipla that had been submitted to party. He had known those statesmen. WiBsrsaandtte eoaidderatton of the people. It was oor noble die- ttnetloa titai in fUs land we were not obliged to workwas his father's friend, and he trusted, his friend. He knew, HxHET Clay from boyhood, and revered his—the steam said notldng at)out it ;social feat Lincoln, and would surely assist BoECxmiDeE. posi- Our State ticket is to kcrp the field at all hazards. Itshe met him in the Senate chamt)€r, but there always regaided wastoberadressed, any great wrong corrected, the him as one of the great inteiieCis ofthe age. These •Til and the.wrong were submitted to the delitwrate three illustrious men had agrml in refuFing to engrafthimselfto which mentalbut, when any great eviltion than heoccupied,banner is to array those who contend for our prin- It is to be the nucleus of a Nafional Demo-character. HehadnotknownBxNroHuntilhim for the indispensable. ciples.infringingHas. Jaaaa T. Oaarteaey) Ha*.—ledonby'a adelusionandanohave another Court' who would dedde dillerenuy,whender our eoiAmon bend of union. For the South and Snooks, claiming to be citixens of diSteent Statea, ttiatbefleb Irish brosBe»Slave State.tor the South a single right which she could claim un-the Courtt SupremeBymeans. But tliey might-Atoaes!rscaUa case arose between John Smith and Peter her interests Qiey meant to cherish a brotherly regard, Supreme Court might decide the qaestfon at issue be-gallaDt eapainiii so mueb adidied.With Slavery m Kentucky theat tbeBroome Cotmtywaa held, lad Thursday evening, in contuuM in the field even if bis eitl xe not more the large hall which the good people of Bingliamton, lortoes than ta "die in tbe ditelL" Be knows tbatofmeeting*tnight<ratically bis own candidate. He meaas to ev^eatlypeopleteterests. With Slavery in Vir^nia, New-York did State, on a State question, was beyond the jurisdiction|dlnna.]Oldodidnotmeantolnterfore. The people of both lights of Democracy, held, and be was dad to say St^es should Imve a fraternal regard lor each others' that BnxT A. Wisi held that the authority of a<lsnisiinn had been before tile people, who necessary, that it ought not to be grafted upon these not mean that nobody should care about it, but that defeat might be our Union will be Mr. LmooLif be electeddivest itself of its Anti-Slavery cliaracter;maIh4 la fart rendered their verdict. The jury, CoiBpromise bills. the people of the I'erritories alone should care about our Southern friends have the sameT^^|^» Ihoae who sa^in tliis place, (the court-tiouse,) Mr. BiKTON acted so, not because he thought prohi- it. lie (Douglas) stood upon popular sovereignty and but to entertain andsuch right politicalas we MUtaM.Still,thsyknewbyoonaaiiidcatianwith theJeffersonianprohibitionofSlavery—hewouldnot tracethehistoryoftheKansas-Nebraskabill,forhe opinikonsowthaetyspormeeferof' ~j-express and does notthem,what the reidiet was going to be. admit that it was Daw Wiuioi's," but insisted that knew all about it, but he had time only to point outbagnn the work, Vermont had come in to it was Thomas Jiffexsoh's prohibition. Mr. Bikton the difference between the true doctrines and the even as maatbtielirtsy,now stand, the Southern States wouldgrtht rtritirlmri p«rttims,aada paitof the jury was bition unwise in itself, because he always commended non-intervention. If he had time he would like toas;every Inftoerlliingteln-t distinguishedin direct hostility to the institution of Slavery. The upon the Dean to convert Vaa, ttaatdarl influence of that sentiment could not be long resisted some time given himadf up ta ~ by any effort which reasonable Republicans might serious conversation, and fdt himake. It would come on disobedient to all orders to leave his shop as a reUgioas"' " manmomlect and sincerely entertain the opinion that,Jal* what Ifline begun, and Pennsylvania, thought prohibition was not necessary, because Mex- sham doctrines contained in that bill. Under the from Union.wasyetlor its repose, as the sea swept forward upon Canute Dean said he was eonaidetably and his followers. It had within it the principles of him, and wanted to know frtmthe Helper treason, the Jerry rescue, the John Brown in the direct line ofbis bndneas, tbeiraid. It found favor with Republican Legisla- more pedtnent tiian ploaa. ** xanhi tures in liberty laws and repudiations oir qsauiedsthieo,nInBevelationa,ofanaagalwhoia:the Fugitive Slave law. It had derived down and put one foot on the sea and encouragement in this State from the propodtion to land. Now.bowmaoyyaidaofoMb woq.la .Habejustified in seceding TlAdina, had in one day come in with their ican law still remaining in force, and prohibiting true doctrine, Congress, President and Judiciary the ortheof the South. It isthe same ^e. CApplanse.] And Slavery in that territory, was prohibidon enough. lemainadt Wl>y simply that they here in Mr. Websteb believed there was no need of prohi-should let the people of the Territories alone to get not opinion judgment'f-oponav-'iraAshonldcrowntheworkwiththeirdecisive bition,liecauseallAmericanterritoryisfixedinits pleoftheMayF/(noerdid,toformsomesortoftem- ancesefiectfirvielnydsgiwvheon,wtihlaltsusyteatinallIhtsonest,armdaeint-*-" could a better. iSiOtii~ n~ffTTinrTTtilr r He had passed relation to Slavery by irrcpealable law. in regard to porary constitution until" they getStrta and had se^ aomethiiu of the the territory acquired north of 36° 30', they had firstits cause with and remain true to<give the negroes equal suffrage with the white man. to make him a pair ci taeaahaaf" Mr. Thatwastobevotedonatthecomingelection. To whenhegetstheAmhtaaea•bafoltfliitafatthatonthe 6thorNoTem- theSnile of Ifow-Totk WDold lie east for Liberty. graphical condition of the country—braska bill ?of Mexican law, and second the geo- its climatic con- Thk ounlesskm rendered tt difficult to dition. Mr. Wkbbtse believed tbe laws of climatedescribedicomingill company with arun off or stolen, are not to receive any sanction from theshould like a woman for whatweep you SiSTi'iia'SmiSSSS.Sfeat^became somewhatgentlemancouragei^ 2*-?f*JS?«l.-»ll^^«Slavery to en-nationalC^^^TS ??»«Md said, AU I want is a•fWeB, what do youmode which it could he accomplislied. byempfretempo- patnot-Sf^propoi Bated we %^^ yygwhat> now-said.; Government for fifty-^a«, BOW let theThe Republican Party meant simplyto denationalrupon the action of the people of the Territoriesit wasmakingor right. \ ou tell the son of honored parents. :^lMMtb3rthattem te:aeo»i^Etojurisdicilon. 340,000, that ? WasWas ttereanything to the Southerner no suchtoo,1now anmbariag abont 4eo,noo,controiung -^meby tlie Republic,andjustifiedastbepolicyterests, believed that their plan was the best plan.andmust either dwellforfeitproceededmt a mkw xEorg.is removedthe limits within whichuAijqiit__aaBwaa aotanewpaTty,as aomesup-supposedof 1820, the positive Mexican law, and geographical droumstances, would be sufficient to se-Albanyroad, an improvement of immense importance tochange theirnsme vrhia nenMthenOASBOWstood—vAatthefathersproposed,Repnbli- erect,hiseyesgleaming,ashesaidthatnohuman cotildprohibitionupon, howeverything was already said and that as well as positive law bow many members it should iiave. It defined thestay the advancing tide of this torrent we could hope no aid except from the party to which vre belonged. We could not surrender ourselves to or,}positive, geographyhaaid. Thepeopleliadalreadymadeup theintroductionofSlaveryintoNew-Mex- powerit seems to me he la perhaps, aMd materia^ InUcal solution,of theTjOMfhquiry. In lafeicBoa ta 'vb a We migbt be crushed under the wheels of the Jug- say tbat there an oatr- tMfield. There nevar an, ta ttt.olhic A*an aow tta Oppddtlon Jtalprohibited Bat,hehadoooebefinethemto.day,u icoandUtah.of the not one word to say about it. Congress and the Presi-Whythe;paainc hour, and he did not Id Mtar ttuneall their atten-irtilehthayhad originally their foflieta.Mr. Cut concurredBBHToa. Be regarded the condition of the territory dent thus made the fundamenUl law, and tbecompact form, the Republicans insist that the prop- erty In slaves only exists where Slavery is authorized by express and positive law, and is led when thegernaut, but we would not ignominiously be harnessed to its car. In this connection, Mr. Bxadt referred to his own podtlon, and censured the course of Gov. MoEOAN in his vetoes on the bill to encourage the construction of the and Susquehanna Rail-Democratie and tbanorth ofbyof non-intervention—of non- CongressionalmadeCompromisethe laws—that was CongressionalThe President apnointed the Territorial officersDo that the South will ever you supposehaveno»<rha—» BInghamton, beaten ouiielvas by wandarta^ away nango, Otsego and Schoharie. Mr. Bbabt Our opponents vera get mto-poi amused his auditors in reference to his own chances, path. and then out sby repeating a story told at his expense by an eminentthe of 1820— Compromisepeople had not one word to say atxiut it and tills was the36° 30' as freeand acreed precisely with the geographical argument of both WxasTaa and Banoa. AU that thethis dDctrine as one to which it will yield in the measure It took onq^lr'the same grirand Out Jar- cure that Territory to freedom, and therefore were of that was Pretileiitial non-intervention. If they had claimed by our opponents ? Look at the practical O-aa he nra it to thein-tbe folth which the opinion tlwt further prohibition was uimeoessan'. a quarrel about a black sheep, or a piece of land, or effect ofthe doctrine as lllurtrated in a recent case. ma iiartlmmri by waanaioB and Asahb, and all He should never forget, as long as he lived, seelAg any matter of property involving less than tljOOO, By the laws of Kentucky to assist a slave in escaping Ilia Ihlhdii oftheSepdbUcnpaithe question of hu- Mr. Clat enter the Capitol with decrepit tread, and they could not go to the Supreme Court of the Ter- from his mader is a felony. That crime was thereJwaa ae dU JeBenoaiaa-Sepnbllean Party—andacceptand the counties of Delaware, Che- Demooaey. Theythen it committedaMarahw proposed. What the mthete were unable power could ever make Mm give a vote that would and Uie decision was final, without showmg any value the Governor of Ohio a surrender of the transgressor-fteedeiu wbore Utewas abouttothedecisionoftheSupremeCourt, Ohio.Theexecutiveoftheformerdemandedfromintervention. This was the great prineipie of non- ** fugitive from justice." This was refused on thetold how a man whose trotters had beaten the horses the of a rtMtr h '*^""'" "*g-nij• 'Idoudyrequndad, I idea that the mere election of Mr. Likcolb would svraredin aututhea, mopoeed to accomplish in tills day plause.]n. MOW,whatwastillspurpose?tte Stare Power slioala cease to rule aadthat Slavery should not be extended t Ibatts of the 8&ve States. That was all,oneafter its fled to perpetration,fotbersBut, if the Question appealSlaveryout of tbe flftnatr Chamber ane that Slavery should be beaten back from these acqui- intervention, and he appealed to any Douglas man maysitions ? Should these territories not be restored to whether he wanted that plan of settlement ? That the condition in which our fathers placed them ? He was not the Republican plan, because it referred the;sighis wellhad not theincident with a moral like this ever occur in the hlsto-4»,UMaiKaaws. Mr. Atcsuox had said to him, "Why arepreventbeingyou ryofourbelovedcountry. Itcannot,^ ^ 'hS'ra?-h*e.l^dtliePintFOBI OT tHXBIPUBLIOAH PARTY.themral obliquity, incapable of appreciatinghave U aadflMBt-hhamy start lf&alir again.'moralitythat if the heritage be receives from them be all their^?'55?5'?'w^o?ul?d^»f»»lder,they wanted, sinH>Iy to take the Giovermnem out «eidrdl of flie Slave power now.ofthemunidpal institution.plaindictated by common sense and ourfortune, and that fortune condd of his title is slaves,and the wrong which the free States ofIt wui go Mdthi necessities.POWER? gentlemen num-while we ofthe North can take our and re- propertyof &e ooeado^JWWA» l»Tr» MXA> BT THE SLAVECompromiseyras(present APPROACHING VICTqEY.Union are abhor, thwart, and if possible destroy; that anAlbany,and effective address. Afterin wiSdrawn. tneWrnWnMMaa and qaartar,mU-estateIfhewhose name had distinguished, Mr. Aicauoa,to defend like a man." no Mayagainst compromiser InEven our women would,if such at of pOiweTfin men, women a eoneiae definition of the Ihar must take inta consldera- of men owning the labor rthe' cenBny BOttitaeaaailly own the land, and to a enniMI the asBploymenta. In the Slave?*here^ ___,How WOW tboythe Tiber, uttered the re-regarddo assert that the full realization by the South of thegeatmleal, I'I,SSi^ hl° -I have quench the suggested, lolght—ammJ..- aad e^nldjiotlusfre the throughof exercise «f govertiment by ages.anbut by a State in Itt equaltbereply compromise in Which Ipurpose dear upon any field where it was willing "danger Impended, than eventbeMoor-for those Icourageousrepresent" said Ur. AioHisoir." „„„ t.h^a^t^ishmatron,andthoughourrarily disturbed, would,isn. send back their husbands, thefr lovers, and thefr brothers to renew the Union, the and the re-fifty years, i^ain... That was alla The origin of the question waswastheir plan was the best one. It was the simple planaclassoftte la«t tcosus, somethe limits of Statemienmt, auuji,_, ,believe, bare.oanfour yV IMMI* .hataci hdd as property. TheyThe mere fact that the BBaoKmBiDos and Douglas had beenprobablyin aall hisBell, friends ofanrbodythar^bra,awflhlHwa»broogbtunderthe for Slater,.^"and?°Vsank beneath themarkable supplication, " Help me, Cassiiis, or I sink ;"Upli oiaierj:, te aad control of thispdvUeged dam detei mined wbo would be'"imavapowwWWfoohdad eaienttaUy*'-'•»«o**napoofliAe our nationalconsequencesmomenttogodownbeneaththesurg- Strofourempfreineternalgloom,andcrumble theAmericancauseonthebattle-fieldsof Meii(»,domtnatldi party, progress. Such *JI-mp ..ng.1irretrievable ruin bond of the constltutioiialand.perillng~i,Govemoia,orJMgaa—thewtade ,CeTonmeit of .ing '* help me, orHelp me, Douolas, Bxu., iBnadaigcnxautniounD,ox— States which the good and wise men of the pastbelieved that if the spirits of those venerated states- men could look down upon us now, they would lookquestion of Slavery to agitation and violencethe Territories. They could meetinto effect ato tlwir hearts, although they were mistaken as to the counter Freedom. He would say, Give mebelieving now exists ?fevorahlyupon these effortsI more prove, hope,power,nown whicb had been threatened with destructton.Tbe next speaker was Sahcil G., Couetnxt, Esq.,It to be, ize Slavery, to make It what oughtmerelylikely to be rejected. Republicans thoughtmeasures of 1850. Whattheir present purpose with regard to it ? Simp^ that THEcondition. one of forceto formerlyand whomade fromorwherein the SlaveVyshooMobtsprMdbeyondof eloquentnowofNew-York,it not a policyof of actualright heto the Breck- i^il^fa.^'SlS ^Ne"-or^. enlarge uponnecessity ?How could they malntdn Slaveryconflictingforces ofobliged to sell it when he does not dedre to do so. I doTerritory where they were retponiBile for Itwere soEiic to rid of tms»l ,§t.. , <4|lipil!«iappi<|in<Bi;«lipiMj i^,i>!i^ -- '^•' 1. 1Itween them, but had no ri«dit to go beyond that andbodyDemocrats of tlon—taewas nomiaatod by himaU^ Hels emphat-[Applause.] JirrxuoRheld,andBimoH,oneoftheslave case, that slaveholders had the rightalong as well as they could, to go to work as the peo-for theand active rights,Now what was the plan of the Douglas Kansas-Ne-tainitsprove to be like the patriots"they shouldTomby Mooee,:"The bill defines the power of the Legis- lature, and states what subjects they may legislatejustin his beautiful poemwbo,their aay and generation. Republicans, as result in the extension of Slavery one inch. [Ap- at all. That closed the chapter with Judicial non- under a providon in the Federal Constitution as astood,Republi-byofanentire refusedtobackhisfleetednac notHeIs reiseewehaatanlivheaatateaaent, it seemed to him, could possi- alreadyl-ef thff olgects and purposes of the Re- upon the subject in the lightof modem were their own Government. Or, let them adopt the Jef- preme Court of the umted States, Kentucky will pre-_,„_,'porarily the Constitution of some one of the origlnlil compel Ohio to obey the mandate of the Constitution. paCthI*eoontryslmuldnileanylonger, tion? WhatwasthepresentconditionofthoseTerri- States.Thebetterplan,however,wouldbe—what Ifthisshouldberefusedonanyothergroundthan a that Slavery shonld be confined tories? New-Mexico to-day had Slavery legalized the variety of existing Constitutions would almost af- that the Court has no jurisdiction to grant the writ, Badla-tha SUve States. Now as much as South Carolina or Virginia, and in ford—to allow the Territories to form a Constitution and by the adjudication thus made Kentucky be treat-forWhyWEBSTER AND BENTON MISTAKEN fin the Nebraska bill—in- that a human being was not the subject of pro- groundme of lawyorwhoaolrihiattat They did notpropose that a final settlement of the measures werebe by the South as a cause for secesdon, and regardedMrfUr hi this. It was perfectly justUtah they had a slave code. Howpl»c«^,.5?«SWIRE CLAY,at. It would make them less fierce, for when aman was laughing there could not be much malice in pose I dt bare fart" TowU«k«a^mnf^mI' iia^iqapp.^^ i,,i|ijMyA(^ij^<''WWtlW]mmi^m^mJNEW-YORK, MONDAY, OCTOBER 22, 1860.leB«*ttevi«t majority, they could not alter H in aSteve State, beeanse It would infringe upon the powerofthealavriioldlngclasses. RepobUoansbelieved SlaveryintheTerritories. Itwoulddothisbyse- Ohio,andIndiana. Whatremainedforthemtodo' thaAmericanpeople,-whohai^'Ilanettoaajr,aa- that Slavery v»as taeipedient and Impolitic : that it cnringajndli^lary wbpwonld properly interpret the Simply, that New-York, true to her motto, " Excel- sumetf aaarition which I cannot raiaid Mhniil Ihn atoodinthe way of the pi ogress of dtUiaation; that Constitution, and an Executive who would be ready sior," should rai^eup her voice for freedom higher utmcd dufovor. laballnot advert to himaahadkl it impaired the moiBl, soclS, and physio^ powers of to carry oot the will of the Judiciaiy. They would than all tbe rest, and receive the admiration ofher to our candidate, Mr. HaiMimiiiii. of whom moaaf thecmmnBltylnwhiah tt exists. Tettbis demotic do this without any Wilmot Proviso, or any other acts sister States. [Applause, during which Gov. CaAsa all creeds will say this at lea**, lh^ he la by nature, power dotenrined who should be monbws of Con- of like character. Take tbe Homestead bUi, and en- retired.]gTOJslrom those States, and who shonld be Senators, ableyoung men with their fomilleg to go into theTTer- After brief but eloquent andio far aa be was acquainted with Senators and Repre- rltories and prepare to tiecome American citixens.sentatives, he had found but just one Bjan from a Let them go into the Territories and establish them- W. W. NoiTSXtTP and Eluotx C. CJowim, of New- Senator from lUinois." I now address mytelfto ttiefSICBTWO :',rtn;- |ij_^rTi;did not propose any teterfereaee wifli lesallaed Slav- be reversed. The first mil iiama liwaiiuiiiL.lhL next^alluded to eae of <ha aaadtdatae, and said :now speak of aa in llilitiial iiliiBilin the aaftawM ofery In the States, butltdidpropoee the wevention of from Vermont and then thundered PaniMia^iia.s Slave State who was not a member of this body of selves upon farms of 160 acres each. No, Slavery York, cheers for the speakers and tbe Party, and three honed Douglas man. whom I consider to400,000 tadividuals out of 7,000,000 or 8,000,000. It could not go in there ;—that would settle the ques- times three and a Wide-Awake for Honest CM Abi, guided brethren, wandering awayfrom tbe ilgfatpath,hayingites who would necessarily represent ttioee by whom less they had a President woo would veto or a Su- casion. Throughout the town flie speech of Gov. this question, and 1 beg a from tlie blends ofapoa.the MdRepotdicaiu simply meant that this state of things the Supreme Court was now of a directly oppoetteand A Celt paused.mode, prohibiting Slavery In the Territories by act of Congress, and, un-but whom I h^>e to see one in dot day againit Is quite impossible for him to obtain one electoral ot mean to hjterfere, and whenever her great of the Supreme Court Why? dmply because ttie when they wish to give forvial utterance to thefr feel- vote from a solitary State, except perhaps Missouri,AndIfew- Court— allyapproiHlateforsuchapurpose.would be ready to give it. [Applause.]Tork meant that Virginia's slaveboldlng class should and they being tlie power tliat creates Courts and The"right to govern the Territories to the Supreme m>tInterferewiththisGovernment,andwoqlddoher Presidents must rise aiiove Supreme Courts andof is described, the to know t'hatMr. Doooua, wkh ths ahilHy 'Whteh UaMaeaiblage Thursday by adniian'HMtl_whaauiaessei,haanotdacettahope AfterMr.as having been tbe mod taapoa- ofthe Prreessiideatr Int odndUy aUaiod bias soc- ean Party was not an accident. It had grown to Be a Sovereignty—they all believed in that The people Ing and eSisctive ^inniliatton of the sort ever aen eced'ed in doing aMay.thiag 'valuable for, tlte AaMiican necessity in the progress of things. It was a growth legislate for legislaton, judge for judges, govern for te, ezoept atroidiag one mora ttriking ilfantratiaautmost to make this Slave power cease. The Repub- aiike^ Presidents[Applause.]That wasPopularoldestlnfeiMtBBi,"Invni^WMI do not kaa* «lat«li ta ori« te flw jInhisjudgment,thepresentcontroversygrew''Firstthoacrepresentedbythedls^^oishedlawyer gentlemanofintellect,alawyerofaUUty,andagen-ill ottytt^fa ftp.neoessarily -out of our extent of territory. Our historyof whd came out and de(£ued that Slav- New-York,Union.Itcannotexidupontbeso-calledplatformof throughthee Douglas, the doctrhies of which no Southern Statestleman against tbe purity of whose character no indi-vidual or journal had made a suggestion.ipaywrsIke inde-A^reke Clidj, Mexico a large territory, which came to us free under slaves. Another class supported him because they [Here Republicans meeting applaaded,ery has divme sanctton, and that men of all colors, were eaeortad bom out of territorial acquisition. We had acquired from betjreen clearest white and darkest black, should besome in tbethe laws of Mexico. It was a familiar fact in our his- were Democrats, their fathers were Democrats, their, and some other persrau ^iparentlyhissed.}had no whatever for the ineoheieot Dotioos of were atiadie and IhhOoAen Comet Band. were and of courserespect quedtoBS —*-'-^~tory that the people wished that freedom continued byI see no reason for hissing— of Mr. Lraooui as he deserves, and if«ad Hie entrance ofthe band, the Froviso,and the result was what was commonly knownto a Govenuent in organizeliowever, made a Teat clamor against the iq>plicatIon of the Jefiersonianyou please,and power cannot^ be large enough to receiveglends from our whole country, it cannot exid at allof the AmeOeaa wdihgincihtybad ptaeapaia^Congreesiaiial protection. Congress,I mean tospeakrauders,grandfathers Democrats, theywould follow the Party, no matter where it went to.[Laughter and applause.] There were a few men ofthis Idnd, but a respectable omnibus, in any good-sized his friends who happen to be present choose to ap-town, would contain the whole of them.There was another par^—the Bell and Everett HeDoceiAS about Sovereignty—tbe power of a few ma-ifknew the candidates well for estimable gentlemenbut what was their theory of government ? Thefrplan of getting rid of this question was to "not talk scq^, may remain pray,"will care that the heartiad and mod about it" Did they suppose that that remedv was we takeor if it existed atbeingown and eulogistallpartieswere in favor of that. Wasanybody goingof all kinds is of course honorable, but the men who ^pealed to workingmen to give their support to a,Mr. BniST then tbe opinions of those wlmmti and Ciiailedon CaBTeBaa«,«lwIiall-absorbing,He said that bad not made com-;GauLxr, IVituKc, for having called him to account as if he badcompanttvely^and where the should sit. and LegislatureFireWorshippersWho die 'or the land they cannot save."is the South disturbed by the doctrine of Mr. with Mr. Wxbbtee and Mr. Government, and the people of the Territories had LiNcou) and his followers ? Because, to state It in ashort,the billregulatedall thedepartmentsmonopolies, to Albany cllciues,of the Executive and of the Judiciary—inregenciesor a Central Railroad.beginningIntervenflon. [Great laughter.] Congresspropertythat law is operative.lieyondwere ao caUed wbon I lad baaidar^intervention asNow, were these illustrious men right in their ideas, tcr^-ention everywhere. [Applause.] That was his perty, and assisting In his escape could not be a crime.in theirthey right suppositionshistory,that the compromisefersonian plan of allowing a Territory to adopt tem- sent herself at its bar and apply for a mandamus toiamoajm,running twei^-dTottooMddrilBnra; ^"^'libiMr of tUi odoatrx tad oontroUed the be extended over that territory, which had thus far powerof truth, the of the people, and the make our nation show in the eyes of the.of da «2tej>7S^mSlichanMto be electod.,i^Sandatod, UJ!?.,TM"^"; SL'ri%ff^SS-i5^i-^^»=yw. " obedience tomiblle*V «M B aSilMMMe flat theyto grasp Kansas and Nebraska. So that in- [Applause.]stead of every foot of territory being controlled againtt So much for Kansas and Nebraska, governed bybe elected, vacancies occur on the bench of the Su-Slavery ques-or In the perqieeave.stood it with the entirely for themselves, elect their own legislature, ~cd as entitled to no respect for the laws which she <t^^^MH%ii-iaMM to him, tak every pctotofview.l territory acquired from France ? The Slave power judges and officere, and manage thefr affafrs in their asses to punish crime, then why may it not he possi-'Eatm siTB ouB Tims. was not sat^fied, and demanded that Slavery should own way. They were perfectly wllUng to trust the Eie that she will secede from the Union, anders to restrain its impetuous course, may breakdown gavefii Maine andother »n»~*j£*"iintegrity wanted a been dedicated to freedom, and thus the Missouri Providence of God. [Applause.] Theyworldas a weak and dissoluble.organizationthe Republics tbat have fallen how strewn is the path and partly m order to cTMteof time with the ruins of Empire? When Aboal- em party-tbe present dedmbs LAB, the last King of the Moors, abdicatingexemplifiedlaughfrom a tedy J<»«e tha qjL.^^.was opinion when the bill was under discussion. What So toe facts are stated to me by an intelligent gentle- secured by sufficient enactments. Looking was the true doctrine ? Why, let the people organize man, who also savs that at the next term of the Su-M.that the exclusion of Slavery from the Territorieshis heart. But, said Mr. Bradt, this light amusementof the moment must give way to grave condderations. three «i-. .We have a solemn duty to pertorm. I have no doUanadeawiyh.a*tthB iliiCompromise was broken down, giving Slavery an op- Popular Sovereignty that was real, and not a sham. deserving of reproach or pity. Suppose Mr. LiifCOLNportunity*a«irin«ln%mflM«ddfbrttai^ faajf-cenbuy, the extension of Slavery by some irrepealable law, all the light of Presidential pafronage. How about New- then concurring in his views, appoint to the vacantSi rtiB iflion U) flDMiimt Then, whan the century VM8 aoia^etod w« wDuMataii agaia, aad If the davewho hold that slaves are not the subject of and that the owner of them mud, at his proopnerty, of them them al-home he wasfell from his eye. TheJp^iited,and that no.chMW^^-law had been broken down, and the barriers to Slave- Mexico and Utah ?aai then dM>wedaBydgBS<rf«cUaiioe, anddadred ry removed. Did they not find in this some cause for his bill had carried Slavery into a territory citable»M assume the relnaof Oovemment. we Would con- coming together to redress these wrongs ? within tbe limits of the State be tohablts4aer the WBMiiiiinjredana apnianse.] He not sufficient reason for them to unite In determining was the Douglas idea of popular sovereignty and non- ways;CastUian El ultimo sutpiro del More the ladproposition. [LaaghternotremovewiththemtoaTerritoryoftheMoor. His motherexclaimed, It Spartan"but the right, and Ajax asks no more." Let truthand error grapple, there is nothing to fear in such an encounter." ThisideaofmaltingSlaverycontingenttimestoregardtheSouth,asifthewhitefathers,moth-and families there were blinded with mo- ers reddinghadbeen if the men faltered Inwas a proclamationagitation. %<,wcouldwegetridofiti Simplyby plause.] They theycannotredsttheon- not-fayBixcxrasisoi and Lanb had been calledputting the,f°Pof avitation the sphiBre of beyondward march of the people. In the same spirit that he whowho had no bond of union but hafred ofthey Lixcolh,tliat the condition is to arise which will sever the Union, and I do not believe that the South -vouldthateachofthecandidateshadbeenthusaudaciously gri^fr-Sd»-wst&hie^gSsNorthern peopleaidnd hteipie protestthen to urge him en Oa men who did ao cared ~~ofthatpartyUmn ments of thehis follow^l^LThJt was all. agltaUon ? Oneman wouldthe time when he was organlziag schemesown aggrandizement, they were galiantly sustainingoy mouves of^(tbeStatsw»a-lnJhefrbands. WeaUknow man, a pi'onuiiHcoalff"^'"""" acquiesce. AnotherI sfiik.'' [Roars offormed for theimion.TheofbeingpidltlcalWell,purposeofsailing.chargeentitled, votesoftnaeconomist, caninmoit reconcuUe uit wiitah practtcal, poalilve experience. Thus we Bonnd Dolitirii i;.TM"^"""""'^S*raniiaaae}—andtt was they guards against jiasslbie uiproaebfaattar after tbey bad sunk. [A{^use theRepublicanTarty. Butifthe ynAUt^ panidoos'-'iwetho<^twas ..—Jb. WPly m themiJnitUloona«theymadeAaaaHAx entertaindonotprevail—ifQioaeineuleated udJawtarJ theyland. ThisDouaLiadidbypressing/oE"^; of the_ _ Its iiliiiliithatjrtaMtXddlng liiii'iiiBfl* "iiT tte FreeiS^S,ril |»'8»oTffiby the friends of Baxcxiinusea and Lxm hold aaeand- then is no reason of oar-that it iaxBf admitted ofi serioo* qoastton, in on the Sam>s of the Con,tftuiiS'n"*St Mte of tbe aaw dvlliaadon that had qgmng upSupreme Court, ia the Dred Scottbe^bonnd.11S<hetartt;eonsteOatiai/-•recent d>y» Tei,tbo«^ tbla WMthao^- 01 j/toftxtj, without due process oflaw.nttW' TlKdMmMdboeaeptejedlong lapseMXi BiAPT) At'' aome fuitbex obsetrationE, next in 10 inchoate Territory,gentlemen very amdous getofconfess thatapproachingdisiinionlsts;subject J""s<iiction.waves ofsuch an event than with awe, but I dedgnated by the advocates of Douolas, although otherwisefrom the of ^^ ^eH Afllatln^ha TncntonesaaataBt 91- aney. to fear that tbe Stancfse-a^nonjjiwinf IIof"ffie HaveStatea—so bj?lto-pittvldon-Srthe^caioBli*rJs riiall lose thdr lustront aaeoeiation.the'?>^ <l*^«d the progress s_mide-^expecting everybillows of awakened popular ex- intotne very Union they were now so basely charged wiyi as-aDisimionlstof bvmSufes.^ATS.'^':?"intitutlons.'^Sewasbound claimed,thefr lives to increase the renownofedipatriotism °n<ni" t^o ......,i.<uwi /laughter.]theyImperishableone ms own of tnehis Sovereignty- docbfries agaiut the decisiontft'fttlfr furiXaiS f'^^IW^^ ^^btalingtbeGove»- mament, andllke them, shine on with undiminished of the true Popular 8overelgnty--notBtTfTtiJ"'**TM^'* ti^ji^ m.oI,'jl«Tan^jW'tl«<lby wMeh he hai promised to«*"1TM;*non-mtervention.Mr. Dodslas had boasted thatplaces judgesquitting forever, angmuoishtened was called in theofWasthere making five Stotes as large as New-York. That peril pain losing altogetiter, keepspot which itour victory. [Ap- erced;licanto plaudits,all,ramdnsa^Fon inata the fofty viewi he takae or Isignally to dampentberanks, welcomed tiack as prodigal sona. I ask each of themviduals of all parties.--asa — T ranainit candidateon the basis of the Declaration of Independence, governors. [Applause.] Therefore BJepublicans did within the place. So great was tbe entbadasm tliat it of e dU'ereaee between a pohtteiaa and aitatasman. oflcer to «a£e any apaack at tha doaaaCi which tbe American people in their development re- not propose any war upon the Supreme Court—only extended even to the gentler sex, many of whoa oc- The youth of Aaierica are indebted to bin aa a wan- other ttantO)de«ilM»Had)iiiiM< I«3ent than tbe American Revolution was an accident.This question of Slavery came us in tbe course uponsome of these Judges might die, and they wanted acupied prominent seats on the platform.It is needless to add that the speeches were repeat-tion between an anbittous intrtgner and aa intelUcaotmen who of our natural development. The progress of the would represent the people of the country, and notpatriot, may safoly regard Dooeua as the ibnner, theyIkaiJimrkto«apewMiaDemocntic worldmadeitsconsiderationnecessary—wedidnot theSlave-power. There was nothing very edlyinterruptedbymarkedebullittonsofpopularap- saxwJAdzsoB.NotonlydoesMr.DoooLAathusnom- bothways.Ioaaaotpida.-^pHRilVItmMMpooraddownallday.AsaR^nbUcanre- channelofcommunication,thetelegraphcameintocalled the meeting to order, and offleiated as Chair-able that tbe Judges of the Court should be appointed man. The first speaker introdueed was Mr. Jajibs T, Why, again,We were compelled to settle it, and it would not go out of our hearing until we did settle it [Applause.]In the course of our civilization tbe steam-engine was required^-and a thousand intellects, unconnected with each other, are employed upon it and tbe steam-inate Idmself, aad persid in forcing his pretended claims before tbe pecmle, but be teems to dedre tbe fide of Samson, and be content to perish in tiie ruins o"fouTl>ainoeratietemple,lfbecan bat exercise Usgiant" strength to break the columns of the struc- ture and whelm it in ruin.eboofe it.wrong in tiiat They proposed to haveIJnited States Senator,f>iw. nf tWiln.trM Cnas None, Esq., engine sprang into being. So it was when means oftrapid locomotion were demanded, and ttie turnpike,in to the business of the country, and tliat the proportionis he everywhere denouncing that"Fudon" with usoffliat any thegreat Court remained as at present consituted, the Judges workofours. 'Thetimehadcomewhenwehadtocomingterm. Now Iadmit,but are we to have a Democratic Party in this country, or intelleoualLcircuit should be organized with reference to the capac-ful village of BInghamton had been exceedingly pleas- instead of the small section T There was nothing ant in all the circumstances attending it Tbe lovely—HBifcHM<fl>>iliu»eme«t,"sothattheinterruption family. Soitwaswithmoralandpoliticalprogress. thattheywoulduitimatel?secureajudiciaryinone glorioussunlight—thenighthadcomeonadornedby eventsandmen.HesaidinhisspeechatChicago wenreallydolilmvery thingsurely would be, [great applause,] he had no doubt;as wise in his as to a politician— judgmentMr. Bkast proceeded:hear a candidate'apremethe beautihil of the splendida tear ofenlightened City of Grenada,ii^- 1111,1,country through which he had passed the rivers sparkled insa- our opponents. Mr. Szwaed is a shrewd man—gentlemen—" to and as to thewould come intoand we mean to keep it so, by assur- Union, it haseni CMplaws made to things occurred,enticedIf such a state ofMnfaiMng zeal,even if demands and interests,of the '•Some of the few—the vainly braveCourt, and he should, with the aid of a Senateandturned on an eminence to take a lad sad looktelling speeches byeducatton and bahit a gentleman—I sbfll not say " that man" DonaLis---but wHI adiqit the phr^ae of Mr. Biacxmauxi, and call him the "dismmSkadfailed ardor or enthusiasm of the oc-Americans.He did not believe that that Judiciary would ever sion was garlanded. After this ailosion to the ladies, elected, there would immediately follow a combina- tores. Be is nothe found himself surrounded by those more exquisite flowere 4Plth which the occa-election and its importance, and of the candidate before thetiereften the Ohio or Mississippi steamer sailing wholly 9f ^tacatiaik, laaked with reverence on intel- had reeoDHnended a UidBB iWfeM. Hot ttiey had ctm- thai haaia Input down agitation in that way. They had seen anBngbieer orland,fiflcea in New-York,wUehtorn patriotteaotivelandll:ey chose, try and weight aowirthe safety-valve, but omitted in advocating the claims of|one who left of Iteo, whatever may be its resultalong rapidly with the safety-valve weighted down. lectual superioritystrove, cinded to supportThe Enrincer could nof hear the steam rising in the out of the means obtained from his labor, to place because its success could not help Douglas, might de- attempt to organize the Oneida Baak la Vm(ondoingitswork,by-and-byin a and disciplinehigher qualifywasbut the orand came some favorite son relativeThere was a great struggle to get tbe stock, tall fortunately happened that tbe Cpmm'indicted for fr^ud, tbomsh really tiieyguilty of any. Tbe Dlreetoia aogBof the people, and when the time came the upon the compromise measures of 1950 a positive by-and-by the explosion would surely come. [Ap- the ranks of the laborer to enter the brotherhood of which, in 1864, would control in any Convention as- robbed. But the had grown sjudgment of But what were the prohibition Slavery.to a after the one now to be peoplepeofi* were sore of fluir redress and their correction. of their refusal to do it? WasTkH« were three great powers which he thought they were in favor of the extension of Sla-Mr. Lincoln on pliiuse.] lawyers. He did not oppose any per-—by him and his party even as if our country were as-there was a deal of talk about ft, * —a not for or greatcoaU atanyt, in hnman aAirs, be trusted with entire very? Wasit because they did not favor pro-DOUGLAS.There was still another plan—that of Mr. Douolaslook for consistent, energetic, and uncompro- mising support of all their constitutional rights. Mr. Beadt then proceeded to argue that, although the moderate friends of Lincoln might condemn the Abo- lition movements, yet the Republican Party could notgloomy daydamp room,t^^ each and all of these powers were cooperating wHh them in the great work which they had in hand,form, as he wasshould form an alliance. [Laughter.] But Mr.DocQLAS explained himself as mtendlng that he diditEXllXCTION OP POPOLAR SOTEREIONTY A LA sonal grotmds, but because of the principles advocatedchosen party seeking preferments spoils, suffered. One morning the Directorsgrounds becausesembled elect President,They were just as much op-posed to the extension of Slavery as he was. They —wlio "don't care about it." Perhaps it was proper exalted thehibition in some form ?tbe midst of^ thefrstove exploded and smashed into a hundred |'oonfidMce—the power of truth, the wisdom of the pco-fi», aad the Providence of God. And they believed were just as much in favor of prohibition, in some that the •' u'>n't-talk " and "don't-care" parties and his phalanxes. Howeverroom, inconveiaatianbut they thought that Congressional prohibition was unnecessary, and because it was un-;culfore.hopedboilersteam keptthe crjish, and Engineer, boat, boiler and all were in-stautantously scattered into a million fragments. So stationsit wus with tliis Slavery question. They could, if The rail splitting, therefore, might as well be cratic Party—the only oite that can survive the contest bank was organized, and strange to an%va the character of him who led the hos- sailed by foe,fidentlytile host would not lessen the effort to overcome himprivate merit of iftr. Lincolb, it was, the speaker thought, a high duty to malieseaciulrheodn.oraItbldeoefsfonrtost bfyoUwohwicthatIdisf'one man started and Whereupon up left,swear I'll leave this bank, for tbe nozt happens to It will be an earthquake." 1 1 have heard of the anecdote of Deaathough a clergyman, -was regarded aas would never be satisfied unless something was done freethinker, especially by a pipua taOi .1that he that theHow our seem at unjustly opponents— superb tongue "their National, or any State judicature.away,what warrant has athat our Union will then be contmued as itandItshallnotalluding unreasonable m They were wUling to trust the people, because the tain it whereseever through our broad domains we complimentary terms to Mr. Beast, as candidate forsaactloned the fathers people were intelligent, and, knowing their own in- please go,dissolved,That^Mlcan enjoyalways where he is Ixim,remove to reside in a Territory,to unite, compelled to emigrate without ids property, or co- course of Mr. Douolas. He said that theHeretortedthe latlsfiadthattbecoalitlosiwouldhavetosink— dangerofthedissolutionisonetobeaverted,andone onMr.Douglas,defining the word as meaningcoSSltajturAie,tt«Twould«dorement t5 the plan taanfuraijd by Wa^aros ajd"n""*?'TM" ?-!12Sy othic,)a remarkable fact that ofthe its is to defeat who set up his own opinions, and exercisedobtrude ourbiatotf,array one section agalndUntitled DocumentTheywl North, attempting byman forlatbedand and ttte made. of t£d'.'M mockery, snare,"which one of ourYes, Mr. Dotau* mku nominated. I will tell my friend In tiie crowd by whom be was nominated—by afor which Mr. Doeous at least has ane- greattfaecMl, as thatwooHiaad in the bright elrcle of the latter such men a* A«- speak at an, I-muM dart ^ ttaiI ask is Mr. Dodslas running? Why vrltb them In thebour special noticethat even if BanOKinaxDei were it But he doea aot *"*"to drive him out at the end of asinglethe Territory of the nation, even if they invaded itEsTd to a sincere inquirer after truth," that If tinof the law. many nib is my day aad*•» laM ft— m^I -wttprofosdooderdoodit tbbkthatteetwaigenenllrhBawnbanks were washed away, leavingtbe holesout, they would represent transcendentalism as be im-the States.pact witti tbe friends of DoosLAa,theyanyor tbe Commtttee ofthat it rep- resented the sentiment of a large portion of the people of New-England and the North, which sentiment—the organization of one hundred thousand dMlars. It iand to wmch our friends at tbe South might con- and it was—1county, he win discoveragainst the steer of a farmer, on the logical grouna vlhlch he soon vrUi. -that he didn't know how the steer might run. Mr. wbathewaa raaMt «. Biuni was glad that his Republican friends had this to significtanhtelyHe clearlyitshouldnotbesoconddered.ButIdobe- mencedteSSpaignthat«<h»e»"w*a?«.mli-sticking^goSteLatJoafitJftKe lieve that the Republican creed, swollen to the dimen- whole counfry on fire, but ttetdemph !sions itmud reach, andresistingall of lead- of the attempts us assurancesthe barriers which protect Southern rights agalnd ag- vania. He must have blown This we are called upon to prevent Our not In all human probability•,frJcnsisoinonis. now secure, but bow are State. Heisni— apparently — many vote in anyth«.Governor,be inridgeplatform,andnextto descant severelyonthe Fm«L,,Wugh^t«aj^Jteadoctrines will, aninst the constltutionai authoriUesU4'wiO'ialalntheir likethose Ood*s-fir- t&e-«anda>otBuomaniei plaeee laM»»i^!,"S^i^Sd" thensurpea•_ menat for hiscomplianceaaBifaMft :"^r-V^i^^,-._ _ -_ ciawavraAMtJfbf''^l-i^B#a' claMkiin aover tlieir prospects by a new stove jnmeans of our errorfc go in consequence otMutt own. Mr.1. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com«•imims^^:£ie^jBt&-. 