 *•tdar of the season. ^t_3^^^^^LMm^..i^^9^€ Wtm-Patk Mmtt, i»paiN?« J^Oober «s, nm. ^ i$Pf^eini,andfrinniftifboMliersftTi^ 3iiJl^cfainthatquaiter. BntwecanhardlyThebeatanimals,with 82.12. TtmattiaMenthatdaofairthBfirattea thevenerableAidg»«rth»<^feFMt^lBnalMr teHeotttayageerin^heAiaerio— Kayal •**•*<•time.I^OBA KBWS'Stliesitnatioa.that the levies oftheOOVWOKTHVattOOS-itonoii Sonu.say but 40,000.Heiev then, without allowingpitiful Bourbon.despotyoungbest men pat in nomination i>y btrtb onrgaon'OUPKL-;^.is onr laat rU;^.and while ttie THtrt^^iii|||teStt:iMit- ii^'JSoU&wayd«rntos5.,wlthaHkerd trafficwasinconatttntlonal ^deration of the existence, tbs ratio of the in-his laiu W umrwiWi in their time ef need,VBS^flMatlBctbitiRr KIWk.ao Pvk-rav. Bpcwew* HMBpit*.S^wanMto the buyers In estiraatfaig the weight.TheOne wholesome resnjt, at least the news circunstanUal in their statements, bnt we Inspeetomawdtegte«:smaUer than for the twoTheEurope proves to hope to hear them contradicted by later intel- portions during thetwo or UireeAad Yet Aaother Prinee.sence of anyn* )ISV-TOKK TOas (Btay) li fMHdied enr7 the supply too great for the wants of the City,ceding the December charter-elecUonIt is bnt natnnl, therefore, that ourholders should experienee very Inen aiodeteMOitaC aM anidBc-^ita T«« Cam. MrT«l at UM llilch cows of first grade are scarcer and higherwhichSouth CaroUna, for four years, availedof Southern Italy towardsof vub propert^TMMBW-T6BS Tans (8Mi-WMklr>-Tnnconstitutional privilege, and im-ply, and ?6c. ^head higher. Live hogs are rather of increase, as above The victory on the Volturno, won by shelved, will be a perfect wonder-book. It Shan be*«& InlW-TOtt Tins, to OB. .ddi-. forscarce, and former prices firm, with an upward tendency.Hr. Yaaoey** Hlsunioal Inaeearacies Amlit.In onr expoenie yesterday of Hr. Yancxt's Ignonuice or leckleasneM nf historical tmth,stated, is 86.67 percent., the appointed totliia oflcenext month br or say 6 per cent, higher than that of the next Gabibaldi, In the footsteps of Hannibal, win read very much like one of fairy tales, Mayor Wood. In Smra wetTMeni* fcr itoitl* "i*^,900,000, five per cent, on whichwould be forty-five thonaaad. This is a frac- the news that MAzaon has been requested by swart Mongolians, from the distant Isle of never hesitating to ponish mii-after k well contested fight, were tfaoionghly beatrai, and lost 5,000 prisoners and" Very good!dress them in red, or dress themattainmentinconsistent with the pride, safety or interesto of New-York that certain candidates tot the bench dionld not beNeapolitans,as "Prince Lor," brother of theing teachers in the evening scliools, together withduringthesetwenty years South(WeeWTV^IJ^"^^Capt have had «i officer against whoaeeflMal parifynoteraK slander has dared to wag a tongue. An edoeai-lias done all that conU be doMTWMWoftengreater than the decade following, when theover the Boyalist army, wlUl have its own loved of children, where every page Is em-THKATM-rlaaM Amo».of the States hadalreadyIt is a goodthing,cer-laden vrith presents. had their foot- Scarcely(»lMer«ie,'wttkniiudi^easnrav tbA iuF"-AMr*.Ymwmmoct'» RxA>nra8. of the traffie for a briefforany importationsfromAfrica,mightThe Bendi forthedefenceoffreeinatitirtiMis,aadacaiait any machinery which seeks te elevate ^at men to jndidal rank, the lumeet votms at alparties ahonld comMiw.It isTrinity as liprd of the Aisles. On our AtUn- inations, for both the civil and crimiaalhtB^—It is athinfhardly lees that goodDot^u* i^^periodyears, and only 8i ^pt cent precautions had been taken to sup-onCisaxGiu-^aox Carolinaimposedataxoffivepoundsperhead -fAU ot BMnsnuu. upon Africans imported directly, and ten ABKPra VUSEUir—Aflemoon ud ETeniog—Jo- pounds if brought in from other States. The Legislature of South Carolina, the year before BOWZT ft CAIiPBKI.L'S, inblo^ Soloon—ErmoPiui the Convention met, passed an act prohibitiDg the importation of Slaves for one year, and re-always been the reciprocally deprecatorywayand Dance,YBiUTSt-JdHSA,the formation of the Constitution, allowed the 3,000 in killed and wounded. The King of Naples Slave-trade to be carried on freely, and she waa present at the battle. There was a rumor abolished it in 1798. North Carolina, as we current that Capua had surrendered, but it lacks learn from Hildretb, had prohibited the traffic confiimatian. The Sardinian troops had entered prior to this date. South Carolina, in 1801, re-in white, just as you like Col. Baker is represented as just the same 1";they will run awayreigning King of the Sandwich Islands. It is not stated thatitattm*!"* that an additional division would be sent from Fiance indicatwi that the Emperor is deter- miatd to protect the Holy Father from his Sar- dinian or Garibaldian enemies. Military raove- Hota on a large scale are reported In Austria.the Tenneuee, at New-Orleans, Bf iteamshipshallbeto tiiem alikesuggestedand the despair ofwishes of many active friends who ' snnWnd tosacrifice, moreover, will eatabJsh claimtopublicgratitudeandmeetItsreward in the fertile futnre. As to the- paittcnlar nomineee to be adopted, we have at presentW0 tacdve advicea Bom Vera Cruz to the 2l8t inst Mr.lIcIiABihadarrivedinthesloop-of-warPaw- toin oftheentreatiesand Lankafterhisten consequence; oflentanditwillbe to have the floor of theevening,TTMyandaetforthtlieprinciplesonwhichtheSo- ingthefouryearsinwhichthetradewasthe partment during reignA meeting of a portion of the subscribers te theescapebranches previous to the appointment of Mr.ison of plans, and a consultation with Mr. Hubhtand several others of the Connaught's passengers,Itsurprising or unnaturaL will, indeed, bemaindertobepaidovertohiminmooey. ACom-Owin to theSenate.lesson shouldheutary givento those "re-is dy,withoi^t^which he rounds his periods veyvueHospital,n-as inaugurated yestariayaftemootmitteelutlpn into effect.app<rinted;better inspectable merchants,"greedofgainMr.Dev- Theintroductorywasorigin during oftheHospital,Dr.J«!fW.Fa«-ol CommlMioners of PubHe Cha*as were about SQ>three wasto carry the reso-but it will con- an idea of his readiness to sacrifice truthwhoseas to lead them to the commission ofdeUvered by the Preddaiit ofThs Watrous land case wasingconstituency ;greatat Cham- bers of the Supreme Coait, before Jastiee Lca«-verdict for $400 against Jacob Wilson for trea- his premises and assaulting his clerk,runtgheupon and Terminer theOyer trial of PatrickHXHBXSSTwasresumed. Thewitnessesand expected proved the presenceof New-York fromfrom were Albanypresent,of the defendant in that city early in thebeto to the Senateon which the fire wascharge by assertingof theinferring his innocence of thean alibi. The Jury were in deliberation honia, and at a very late hour had nota verdict.There was much excitement m the StockMar-St.daydiscovered, thusmany In the tradeoppose anotherAmebican Intebxsts in China ^We can scarcely credit the statements made in the China papers, that an American ,,ship-of-warvouchers offici-thanocadaded,^ ered, and the market left off comparatively steadylltection to the persons and of Ameri- indice of the treasuryan instructor only at the eameat aolidtatiea of HmNeW'Tork Central 83, Erie 33 and Stchange easy.^cent.^heorate the report that the United States ence shipthat millions ;hadagwu upon the altar ofrhetoricalpoint, tb contrastcis. TheBoardAH will remember that for months and ties and CorrecUon was present,;triflinggraVfe^subject, to hold aofLake isin theIt is depredations. hightime that some sal-HMpic^ The annual course of Clinical Lectures, at Bello-compar-presentCoopib's incnmbencyj and for ths first half of for the sale of the picture with the Boyal Academy,Snwf^ The supply has averaged fcbout 6,500 head decades aubseqnent to the Bb(«tion of the . Sith and •hi'tf P«t. "d the A-«>pp<*itiJ?8Sr absolutely fearf^^^"r'^eekfor onnsnal demand at this time makes traffic, via., from 1810 to 1830.yesterday; Dol- medii* and eidhnry anhnals are abundant and slow of sale. Teal calves are about as last weekindependence, of the Bourbons and unity with the rest of theherself of herMHBI<wt; Mr^Mita to OBeaddna tar rrra D<»- in supply and nice. Sheep are in moderate sup- ported about forty thousand slaves. The ratio Peninsula.we had within the barely room,appropriate was less thanpro-we are encouraged to hope for from lific of princes as of roses. First came the devatioB on tliesole gronad of me^ aad ddinqnents'orlimiia of an editorial, to rebnt his misrepre-' i::s^t*r"p.«i*«.H.w eentationa of the Northern members of theAUi^ton toKow-Tork ««».'•tion over the knownthe Pro-Dictator of to leave that NaplesIfiphon,with their and loose paper fans,VUk A VwlMjMleiMTTtelnt. /;Convention which framed the Constltotion, byimportationof Southcity, formallybrief citations from their speeohes. It l>e shown with equal cleanesB, that nearlyiccoiintedpoUticalmay ^ abolished the slsTe- trade, and that this fact was strongly pressed upon the attention of the ConTention, by way of inducing the majority to yield their objec- tions to the clause providing for the tolerationAll theTycoon, rejoicing WeweIS floeo—Mr Win's Coax. had in the slave population between 1800 and 1810 Virginia irrevocably alxdiahed the slave-'jfBVATBI—IftfB' ratoUA'B Maoioal Vxm- trade long before the Convention met North and certamly there is no room left for the highperiod.MnDrfjnKATBK—HinvATiuaor tu KorthemStatestogetherwithMarylandand explain uhusnallylargeduring which Congress was withheld from its of Maroh nextThe State of Georgia alone, at the period of been selected. Mr. Nesbith is an adherent oftheyTmnm had piot^ted against the step. TheCity had been occupied by French troops, and the by Congress. An effort was made by Northern fiture of servUe labor. Evidently, therefore, ence, whenever thatmembers of Congress to impose a tax of $10 on imported Africans,- in consequence of thisOregon has turned its back upon the Adminis-consummated.will,by patriotic fanpolMof revival thetrade and ;to which Mr. Buchananalthough the hill went through its first and second readings in the House of Bepresentatives, it was sufferedhas in turnturno must be admitted to be, the realdancing; or, it of hoolah-hoolah. Butslightest seen thatthecontroversy.It isalways safe,pride.interrupt the expenses of saio^hools and the abuses con- Carolina, by her Legislature, allowed the the popular decision of great issues by ansurpiiasnectedwiththem,wasdiscusscdlaata select Committee of five was appointed to mves- tigatethesubject. Theschoolestimatefor1861 waa reported at $1,300,000, and the same ordered to be sent to the Board of Supervisors to be incor- porated in the tax levy.evening,years years North;Georgia pro- the timedanger," a party in thispleaunder-popu-"" Hussell, Titian's Yenosand tradefor butfourthat beforethat "the Union is intrade, she has alwaystheofhibitedit tenandin exten-bery.ranstillmany smuggled into thp country in vio-out, earliertoanotherisassignedtheeconomist, estimatesthe totalimportationsenselesspartment proper. .AH who remember the condition of this De-was slavesgranted and a stay of proceedings allowed until the four years prior to 1808, are all of which we Intense andto to take Kexico,testimony.Themoitionimportedor of the Republicans against him is the most2^£lo"TM, presided.U^IstofFebruarynext.IntheSupremeCourt,befonimplacable. Should,therefore,in the were crowded to the last line Cityagreed upon—How WE AnMiNisTEB JUSTICEstrenuously in- very characteristic of the administration of had called at Shanghai, and had refused pro- hcommand invariably givingcvidencetobteheenpre- FaABOil, iriio said he before them asket, yesterday. Lower prices, by 2'S3obtamed on the Share hst, until near the close ofthe day, when a portion of the decline was recov- ing Bhode IsUnd, reluctantly yielded.in New-Thus, truat^ in Aeights. Provinons, Groceries, Na- between 1790 and 1800 thepostponedcharging aUinoftcword,forgeryval flunTTi '^'"r Metals, Hidea and Leather werepopulationrobberywerethe couldbelike this calls and chance of receiving what was due to him un- them. Dr. FaAjioiswaa seveiti ttiaesSeA^nd. &>at stake, neglected by the '^\l^. ^f»' 1810 to 1820, the ratio of increase was Sd.57 of Boston, on her voyage fcom Galway to that present Ailaunijtratioiiihat we dj not lookThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069folltwiDRfent'eroencomposetotelrecwpto ,'Lo«d 5.290 beef cattle, IW nfichCity seen,onlythreeStatesavailedfor a fewyarfs, for thewherewehaveanyinterests years. During the next decade, from know, having been burned wiihiri a day's sail have been so shamefullythe vear ensnire;Drs. J. W. alenttoa Mott, Francis,t.MoneytoarraignFbancis for the Enbiohteordlng Charleston,bioge,supportersofthat ticketinsistCityof New- other aimllarand inatitDtian In theBritishsubjects,lature,successful unionjusticein thisimportant par-while Wood's last appointee held the Mayoroffice of Street Commissioner, Every cXaXm.of this kind was sustained byally entitled to recognition, Coablbsnot acitizenlabor.Devlin of theofficers under hisperiod.in morality .andpoliticalaatiqueeffect by simplicity ofIf we have reference to ofTherehave beenManhattan Islandcare of all streets, roads, and avenuesthird has supervision of public lighting afourth of lands, paiks, and public squares; a chiaroscuro, nothing exaggerated in expreaakiiLThe new building of the Butgers Female Insti-tute, situated in Pifth-avemie, between Forty-first lation of the State laws, but these lawsand Forty-second-streets, was dedicated last eve- were insisted upon as affording evidencening. A large audience was in attendance, and that the trade had ceased. How many alto-the exercises consisted of prayer by Bev. Dr.Sfsiio, addresses by Prof? Piebce, Bev. Dr. gether were brought in during the twenty long distance, which admits of clearer and Smith, Dr. KaxBBS, Dr. Hague, and others, and years it is impossible to know with certainty, calmer views, there is no lesion in thesin^ng by the pupils ol the Institute. The Insti-tute took possession of its new quarters on the;13th of September, and has at present upwards ofareof more immediatetoimport than to uponundertakingties havingpublicof206The "American Church Missionary Society" heldgreatly exaggerated.Mr. Cabev, the politicalwhich the CubanBut for the American capitalist, whose moral- ity is BO blunted that he seeks to make money by the commission of one of the highest crimes knowninhislegalcode,whatexcusecanbenor theand aerial of gracepupils.its first anniversary in St. George's Church, lastplanterpaleas ScHEvrXB's " Hebe." Itbut we have the incontestible evidence of the census to show that Mr. Yancey's estimate isHere, isan then,its du-what Bev. Dr. J. 8. Stone, of Hassachnsetts, in from 1790 to 1808, at 70,000, and of this num- regard as the most improbable of contingen- the Chutir. The annnal report was read by Bev. Dr. ber, 39,075 were imported at Charleston dur- cies. Hence the tendency of the Douglaspicturescietywasorganized. Wfltdutionswereofferedbydifmant clergymen, and adopted, after which Dr.Ttso bitefly udreoed the audience. The beae- the census, thinks Cabet's estimate too sake of the Union, but to fusion with the Bepub- 'dictioD was pronounced by Bishop Eastbitbii.-It is notorious that a slave-trader triedbe demonstrated beyond a peradventure. We trust that this matter will belooked into and considered, and that at thepresent lime, especially, while the Slave-tradeis all no flourishing beyond precedent partiesallowed.small,Db Bow, in his compendium ofandtheparty it dis-offered ?but offers no fact in support of hisranks of thatNew-York is almost certaintoruptionwhich held swayNOVA, this picture, now on exhibitian at Ne. 4Sfiind for tha benefit of Gapt. Wilson and the crew opinion. Having shown above that the trade covers motives similar to its own, andoi the brig Minnie Schiffer was held yesterday at was prohibited by all the States, except for a measures which must reach the samethe rooms of the Chamber ol Commerce, for the very few years, we believe that Cabet's esti- conclusions, though fheir paths may be widelytt was bou^t forty years ago by the late Mr. Bnapurpose of disposing of the subscriptions accord-to the mark.Mr. Yancet sweepingly charges Massachu- tion in Oregon has, therefore, nothing in itsetts with importing the whole hundred thou-mgto the wishes of the donors. After amate isfully updifferent The spectacle of such a combina-Carolina, at aWebtmulleb's " Danae" is a picture of the an-mayunsound economy butitillogical in;school. Itseeksitsform and unity of tone. It has nothing the-a resolntioo was adoptedthoqflbd and^odd dollar«ks followsTaoiinCoBBAVTOK, the first mate; $100 to the Introduced into the country. It may jeem where an object equally desirable with the be suffered to escape and recommence their aeniqd BMte ud each of tiie crewsukabie testbnonial to Capt WuioH, and the re-appropriatme :sand slaves which he assumes to have beensurprising if it be not repeated in California,found guUtycf an offence sodetestable willthe five f500 to Mr.$300 for a likeflagrantsummated, and was thereforewith astump orator responsible for the mannerlnattempt No man and alienat- distinguished and it would be difficult to determine ABD, yesterday, on an application for a commission the known fitcts with his bold assertion. The whether the animosity of the Douglas meninto Charleston, during thepersons with abhorrence.ment of one or more parties, found guilty ofbeing engagedmonths, duringtheyears1868 and1859,theOnfhH. i^tiiSSon, and »po*e favorably of the mkna«-|aJustice BoswoRTH, Thomas Waleib obtained a have any statistical account, and these, ac- vote of the State be given to Mr. Bbxckin-, e very salutary effect ; least and would, attionwith frandnlent and unfounded claims, either for work and labor alleged to have been doneduu« i.ad t!«n dlschaned. Be baUafaa •S,"gSreramcnt of the Ho^tol l»d been .«* „ «,to Da Bow, who quotes the census ofre- the sin, with which she is charged, of being lax in the ad-wHch"Ibe"wereto eighty-eightcitiiensofBhodeconsignedten French subjects, and thirteen thejIsland,morning naUves of Charleston." Thus Ua^earsthatcounted upon giveticular.of Massachusetts was engagedin whichduringit was tolerated by law a tolerationSouth Carolina andGeorgiawhich theyhadsp-they TfoxM there receive. He then Introdoeed Dr. appeared againcent., sisted upon, and which New-England, includ-criminaljusticepropertycan citizens. Two journals, however, the linted to protect --/""f^/f„tI^SMedical censeeted with laaone Faculty ttieBoepital.the bifefperiodBoard, sliBBly to nrve upon the»ratio of increase the s%.ve population at several periods, itwouldtfumertheInterestsofthelastttntioB. Ttothat political favorites Bellevne Hospital was now conMered, for mmarTeaEoas,tbe first In the land. Animproved coda ait.had been draw-Stbtblino, arrived at Shanghai, during the in- a dozen places while not Re- more than ever eSeettva. Be wmld not-then aflengtwill beTerminer apparentthatMr.Yancey'sestimates manslaughterof one Daniel Hobbioan, coun-Hartjord, bearing the flag of Commodore openings never made;and zealous ward poUticiansBusiness in Cotton was active, and pticos favor-«d tattBia- Flour, Wheat and Corn were some- shoot as far beyond probability, as beyond as- sel for the prisoner moved to hav^ the triallaws bad been added which randered Ita operattoos vasion panic, and left port almost immediately, in" pay for half tolectnicmwasiv spedSe dtiea«»,fe«itra%rpa^t 4what cheaper. The inquiry was restricted by the certained facts.the census shows that under plea that an important wit-the duties of any one. To sum up out to the studBnttttetMUlllBs uigJfcredttemlbrof the South increased at the rate of 30.09The Court, to guard agninst imposition, di-oht 'and Tallow were infcir dmand. Whiaky agam decUned. The freight cent. between 1800 and 1810 the ratio was rected that an affidavit supporting thelatherftttctive. Hay, Hopsengagenienta were more extensive, with 441 ves- 35.07 per cent. These decadeseelstit«H t^Mmet in port.persee ftsaeeaa-la.aa;The Uve Stock ViS**' the SUtes to " York beattattle Mfieh eoi%veals and sheep are m import slaves without the inter- tion had left New-couldnot afford.ninety-onewhichA blunder,himself andamajorityyears after the formatiaa of the OonsUtntion,the aiBdavit •order for postponement was made I•errioe would so far negleet his towards dnty—HI,-toiy tba^aaaat, if not aa the -i«. - -crease of dAves waaHoveaaent ia Italr>'' .months ««I "~The present year of Grace, when bound and as to tlie eharac^ of the geatleiaaa wheutmostpress the traffic. The total slaveof the South at the beginning of this periodhe Citywhile for the chairline in the Austrian :Lot. Californiajournalschroniclethearrival.ofPrince Kahehameba, more known faipiliarly;Popular Sovereignty, and of the fortunes ofNeapolitanobjectsovitaL Ittsimmediatefor instance, and often successful, tonational honor andSpain for her encouragement of the Slave-outcryclamor scarcelycountry, as was the cry "the Church is in danger," which terved English Toryism farLord John and find of all the wharves, and around presiding at the teapot.give waytopanicupontheyas available totouation of her crime. The plea, it isa century in baffling the efforts of re- form. But on the Pacific coast there is no such sensitiveness touching the Union, for theaFew Cuban;;nearlyis, nevertheless,pleainto Seen demagogue play upon.from that confed-eration suggestive of peril to its perpetuityexcuse, thoughand the people questionsquite disposedattend tothe great TeaeliaaisnottofusionwithTactionsofhetero-Dkvli.n, human type of the old mythological beauty whan of Capt Smith's successor. The rescue of aspects, as a striking representation of brsalliiabPartygeneouslicana. In theextinction toreturnDr. ever succeededpresented,reme- or some scheme of the same kind still ina Senatorsocrimes that are regarded by all right-thinkingthe Medical Boardincompatible principlesforand cor- mortal loveliness ; and asoffending than thatprogress,having lin's term.itsand theupon the re&lection of Dr. Gwi.v by the Legis-adetermined and minority parties maythat step, apd toadvocate of freeor supplies alleged to havebeen furoishedstated that the Bo«!d hadcouDlrr- H« speat aiS,aeeeUMwithin the past six moatbs la peilia atiangBiaeiXawhereby to facilitate fta foian iMjaHijuij, wbSch would tend to crown tbem with stSFlljieater sucesa*ever. WheaBlr. DatnahadVALXHTtHi MoTT STOse, and was warmly greeted. B» Mid be appeared before the atodents as a repnseala- live of the Medlcdthe necessity of giving earnest heed to 9ie Instraetloawill be found noticed in onr Law reports to-day. It appearsYork,that on a motion in the Court of Oyer andness for the defence was "absent inslave Europe."though urgent remonstrances against her de-parture were made by the American residentsof the place. The mere report of a proceeding sity of making the most of tbecRKntaUffapRdedAnicriean mad^teroppll,«*»«*«'.«?»f.°°'adequateto ventionofCongress,butwhich,aswehave inthesteamerConnaugkt,boundforIre- interests,notonlyinChinabutInovc-ryforeignat the various wedt •»TMR .y*"*"''l-no"'"°;the Medical Board fe(Untitled Documentshould be madefor satisfactory explanation,^maded peiceatages which he the course of hfs address, aad eondoAMl -wUHwhereupon an affidavit»« overstocked with period during which the Constitution allowed was drawn, averring that the witness in ques- we trust that for his own sa'KC,included theplea;to concedeagothemselves of land"—that unfortunat; ve.=sel, as we all countrymrnfundhf the last Street-Commissioner ap- pointed by Mayor Wood, tmd for the truth ofvancetoutimateprrfectionInmedicalsmenee. TJ?populationwitbfai liis term ofing those in. his Deputmeat who deeewalfeasanta, no matter how stnmg Ite mightonly three weeksStriblino will be able to it. giveSuch was the history of the Street Depart- ing the ve;y best method by which they coold 1^thethose co"na»w9te5d w«it^h;direct connection with thehas embarked. funds, and hut very little with the Street De-acceptedsatiafiMitoiy, and Amreceived fromThe d( cade from 1800 to 1810 was that in have been already achieved In the movement ligence.with always have. But it is not comparable, princes. As a record of royal pilgrimages itwithproud placeinhistory,asmilitary victoriesbroidered withsurprisesandpunctuatedeitl.er or to the far morally politically,and stodded coronets. The snininer months were asengineer, for thewon Gabibaldi over victory byofltee, ele*it>andthatVkttobEiia«velhasbeentrowsereandwithout any imporations whatever, as invited by the Dictator himself to enter the ing feted and fieasted them we s^nt them backCaroling But it m^ beit was during this period that Loui- Neapolitan territory,nnprononnceablebactaira.forsiana was purchased. At the date oftheandofthemUdrequestofhismostmother, we preserved him from contact wittestimate of Mr. Yanoct, unless he is willin;to admit that the trade flourished for twenty years after its abolition better than during the twenty years of its constitutional toleration.association with Fablet. WePolitics on the Pacific.The chances of Brigadier Lane continuing;to be said of the Neapolitan troops and the mian legend, Is dancing over the waves. But the ignorance or indiffisreace of a hufe per- CAKAL-STRMCT—No.3l6-^Winiioe»'aTiatGaliut neweditforthreeyears. Indeedthisprohi- toservehiscountryin thataugustbodythe NeapolitannationbytheItaliansofRomeand scarcelyhasonePrincebowedhimselfoutof tionofourvoterswillmakethesenominatioaa 01 OUi PAi»tnio«. ^^ bition was continued for fifteen years, and the United -States Senate grow daily less. Ore- the North. This produced its natural effect our Eastern portals than another comes knock- sqccessfuL These are facts which mnat^be.in which the Italian States havethe Italian people jested about their sAsteras Prince of theandhaUed him inno^rioosthat certaindiagraeeMBoai-NEWS OP THE DAY. State denied herself the real or supposed ad- gon has ungratefully repudiated his distin- and all Europe has for years been echoing the ing at our Goldon Gate on the Pacific—^the taken into consideration by the honest andvantagesofthetrafficinriavesformorethan guishedservices,replacinghimbyMr.Jahes Tfe receiTe additional Euiopean news by the three-fourths of the period of twenty years W. Neskith, who will take his seat on the 6tbremark, attributed to the King Febdinand, in Prince of Hawaii craves audience of our Be-telligent of all classes ; and those who deainwhose arrival off Cape Racereply formerly dress theto sacrificepaxed for thebe bi»- certain abstract prejndieeaof anCitf of Washington,waaannouncedmjsstarday'sT11118. Fullerpar-ticuten are given of the battle of Toltumo. The final abolition. filled by Dklazon Smith, Col. E. D. Baeer has white uniform, instead of the British scarletexisting':and conflictwithfoemennot fighting, in un-excellentworthy the Garibaldian steel. greatest dangers of ItalianOne of the harmony hasBooLi an^ fromthrew open the doors of our ball-rooms to himStates and theirmade,andthat nnlesaactiveateMfelluw-countiymen. In1848, there was nothing too sharp or too scornfulGod-speed,opposed to the spirit of the age,apointofpartmentimportantpass from the contemplation of this estima- rigid,latedtropical dependenciesurgewhich many place implicit faith.proprietors could be made to believe that the cultivation of their estates could be carried on without these constant reinforcements of fresh labor wliich the Slave-trade is calculated tocomposition, nothing intense iasupply.wrttchcd one, for the criminalrealitysumptuous magnificenceschool,suchis simply an idealizatitm under the most accnrateof Charleswillawaitwithnolittle anxietytheselection thechiefofOlympusdescendedtoadore, ladldeem theof ministrationofgreater hhnself, whichshould be Iwimd in'pnrple,Mr. Douglasbeing favorable to the opinions of Mr. Eti The Neapolitan army owed It to themselves the Prince of Hawaii intends to extend hisTbateb, regarding the political efficacy of col- to falsify this scandalous fame, and the visit beyond the Bocky Mountains, but as it is for a Fusion Jadlciaiy ticket but no definite;onization as the antagonist of Slaveryitmay, were well tooverwhetanin^y defeated. Various combinations have been snggestedselection has yet been made. To make sockand, col- league's platform as denies the necessity ofseem tohave de- Capuawith so much WSt BoBe. A number of places around the Eternal lowing four years, until it was finally abolished Congressional intervention for the discom- them the worse soldiers of Italian independ- be at no loss to entertain anotherNeapolitan teiritory, and several of the Great heraction as shallbefinajy taken,effective,itgood men now inandPope, according to the latest accounts, remained Slave traffic to be carried on during the fol-pealedproliibitory laws,permittedthetherefore,agreeshisfor hisreception.None of the several phases of per-counter tothetration.suasionaddicted himself finds favor with these settlers of the Northwestrnnnlng them in nomination.yearsand Senator,diligent service asthis Academy well abudoBed, and that the carrison had been lum- But the State continued the traffic during the the fatal fault lies in his recent and obtrusive call of his country aad her situation. If he secured, la a Master of Ceremonies is in-drop, ia e«Bfiimed. It is nported that Puebia had been promisesmust eventually surrender his personal pzsjn-necessary,tut. nie capture of Qnadalajaia by the Liberalsof South CarolinaRepresentatives. delegate; his late experience Democratic members from Pennsylvania, who the Presidential ticket nominated by the Se- with patient indifference upon the diplomatic eminenUy qualifies him for enacting this ne Bepublicana held an immense mass meet- were supported by Mr. Eppes, of Virginia, a cessionists, he is dismissed by his immediate coquetries of France with the Papal Conrt sometimes difficult rile. Again, Mr. CoopebIPs have Port-au-Prince journals to Oct. 6, buttiieycontain no news of interest.ing at Binghamton yesterday, which was attended son-in-law of President Jeitebson, who had constituents. The story is an old one ; Lanethe is good authority in matters of dress likely byto help the o&erandF. P. Stastoh and Gen. Nti. Hr. SEWAito's gent laws for the disconragi-ment of the trade. So marited is the influence ofthis Northwest- around the Austrian frontiers.i>y driegationa from all the surrounding fountry. theAddlMaM were made by Senator Siwaeo, Hon. urged, in his Message, importance of strin- is only its latest illustration.this is ain which theHawaiians,speoek was. mainly confined to the consideration HiLDBETB thinks that Mr. Gbiswold and other em revolution in politics, that the gioomitsto^ the existence and growth of the BepablKan Federalists of New-England were willing, by have already invaded the Breck- Party as among the great natural phenomena of apprehensionsthe world, lb. Stabtok reviewed the Kansas suffering the matter to drop, to conciliate inridge ranks in California, where the possi- qneaCkn, and Gen. Nte was characteristically hu- South Carolina, and thereby to bring her back bilities of this trifling shower preluding a del-political Bepublican'ipartieswiH ofDemocratie aad necessity be aedledmoraia^ AtelMr^>bic synopsis of the proceed- to the fold of Federalism. Mr Stanton, of ingsmlbefoondintheTiiusofthismorning.AgiandBepnblicanbarbecueandmassmeeting BhodeIsland,neverthelessinsistedonlevyingtook place «t Dought;^'8 Grove, near Brushville, the tax, and denounced the domestic, as wellL. L, yesterday, at which an ox, roasted whole, as the foreign trade. Thus, this question toare discussed. Ifan alliance ofRe- uge gravelypublicanism with Popular Sovereignty be prac- ticable in Oregon, there is no reason why it should not prevail everywhere on the Pacificconvictions of Gebbit Smith tremest himself.of denouncing the Slave-trade, as though it the costume in vogue anterior to Adam's We have just been favored in New-To(kwas an iniquity that could not be laid slight pomological indiscretion, Mr. Cooraa with an artistic revival more Hi««^ (^ possibly interestingand baked clams were served up to 5,000 people, and ape^hes were made by Gov. Chase, of Ohio, Hon. JOBa CoTODsand others.some extent assumed a party character, andThere the doctrines of Mr.freed from that narrow scrutiny which, to the more practiced sense of the civilized East, discloses their sophistry, are seen in theircharmthemostimaginativeofantiqaariana; bat 'the Democratic Party, strange as it may sound Tha Ihiion meeting at the Coc^r Institute, last at the, present day, was onthe side of Freedom."The open encouragement given by Spain to possible that he may, and in view of this con-the Sldve-trade cannot be too heavily de- tingency it were well that a Committee should cabmet of a jealoua virtuoso atnounced. Her course has drawn upon her be appointed to made arrangements for the 88 fresh and.bright and Irresbtlble a virion oflove- the odium of the whole world, and her flagrant comfort of our hypothetical guest. - Aiid com- liness as she was when she turned /the heads aC violation of treaty stipulations has been suffi- mon sense suggests that the Committee of our respectable grandfathera in the days btlom cient to exclude her from the councils of Eu- 200 be appointed, since they have had ex- Waterloo. The name of WEBTi[in,LEB is an aitialieropean nations. Even Brazil has given to perience, and know what to do with a Prince. tradition in America. Bom a Swede, andwas presided over by Hon. Eowabd Cootwa,andattendedbyafairaudience. Acha-PhlladslfUa,evening,Mr. Tahcet, in his Boston speech, declaredracteristicandhumorousaddresswasdeliveredby thattheSlave-tradewascontinuedfortwentyG«i. L(8L» CosaiBS, of Kentucky ; and Hon. years by the framers of the Constitution, " ow-HSBSOHU. y. JOBNSOS told why he thought the in a great measure, to the influence of Union was in danger. ing,only results, which are recognized as being as hos- tile to the extension of Slavery as the ex-The Union Convention met, last evening, at No. Massachusetts, which at that time was largely And beyond the Bocky Mountains, politicalbred a Frenchman, this exiled court-paiatar of Louis XYI. is chiefly kaown to n* by751 Broadway, and nominated a County ticket, as engaged in the trade ;" and that " during thatquestions find liberty to adjust themselvesSpain an example that she would do well tofor Brazil, taking a higher view ofThe Street Department.For Judge of Superior Court, Fbed. A.followsTalulaugeJudge of Supreme Court, John Lxvebioge confer, John J. HoFrHAN0. Westone hundredBe- thousand slaves, for whom her merchants re- than here. Here the ingenuity of hope-;Bbeskak for Begister.In the Board ol Bttucation tlip subject of appoint-impojfed;;;daySupervisor, T. Schwabzwaeldeb Be^ster, Jas. Lynch. The Convention closed with a fight, and subsequently a portiori of theunpopular ready exposed the falsity of the first of these issues, can always manage to perplex and per-attention to the subject. We haveimage Father of his Conntiy, bat it conveys to the esthetic student the very fainteit notion of the artistic ability of the painter. T»time MassachusettsSurrogate, Edward ceived ten millions of dollars." We have al- less minoiities, pledged toCity Jutige, John B. Liviko8Tun ;;Onof nextmonth the offi-his not very edifyingor inspiring portrait is a;statementsmembers gathered, and nominated Mr. M. T. be apparent to any one who has given the disturbing influences wholly disconnected with;;andtheabsurdityofthelastmust vertthe.normalactionofparty,bynations, and, in every respect diametrically Mayorcoast.Douolas,the Danae"ofWcanfullbbhasflaahedoatapsa New-York after forty yean of aednaion hi tiatheir merits far moreupon readilyimitatethe subject than a purely mercernary one, has;gallantryintroducing—But heavy as are the responsibilities of disbursements exceeding three millions of the glaring beauty and delicate fascination of thewith whichft rded their banners under the walls ofagainst the forces of GABiBAt.01 will not make Having just entertained one Prince, we shallindependence Important however, as the battle of the Vol-;well as not while our hands are in." Itof course, he necessary to give him a ball,since theHawaiians are fond ofinhope for Italy, which the steamer now brings us, isplaceEveiy aurik apermaneHtaswho, in deserting the confirmation of onr Belief that Oabibaldi with them the hoolah-hoolah is a rather vio-sturdy^ey expressexercise, sufficiently indicate that dices and party affiliations to the impefttive event,moBad to Hezico. Great distress prevailed hi the four years which the Constitution permitted devotion to the interests of the Slavery propa- has done this in good faith, as there now seems ^Uspensable, it were well to engage Petbb no opinion to express, preferring not In anyits toleration. This bill was urged mainly by gandists. Because he is willing to l^)pea^ on good reason to believe he has, Italy may look CooPXB at oncedegree to mar the gracefulness of volantw^r withdrawal on the part of the candidates wiia feel themselves best able to wait aad noatwith defiant disdainthunder-clouds of war which are gathering andTheSlave-tradeiaWew-York.We have fallen into the comfortable habitare not as well versed as Mr. Coopbb. Thus, shouldourolive-complexionedPrincetakea outsidethejudiciaryticket fancy to appear at the Academy arra3red in Artistic Mattgrs.at onr own door;— made the abandonment of a trafficof Washinoton. Thiscon- den.ned as piracy by all great and enlightenedhousehold of the popnlarupondistant;tetefnsetiiem the protectioii and aaidrtkaee der, were the polttioalMenaa3^«JSl' «they demanded.Hong KOng papers are^ ^l!?!'!!:^^"* *^names. Hav- aad accept .the control of to the land of their andshoald have steps become inaudible, as iwent AeIr nestcArtoai* hetaff maie to ptaee befew: theypaoplecontained CS,000 slaves. Other authorities once more triumphed over the legionaries of watery way, before the eldest son of our be- our eMten,VHOe Mct^feoHon, aiiidoB /adl.its acquisition, according to De Bow, it tainly,soaas.the Fbancisaf lovedBooHANAH's"goodfrisud"crossedonr ciaiytlcket,wiiiDhdidbeeempoeedofttn"^threshold, and to him we extended tiie friend-ratio of Incraase this triumph should have been won by sten^ ly hand of greeting. Mindful of hU morals poUtical parties.spokeQ,'ticthresholdwebadehimaheartyhave beenand now his waving plume, with its Bohe- be talben by the friends of decency and order,to his son's request for permission to public. Exit Albebt Edwabo—enter Princea pure, able and firm must Judiciarythat he proper preparationsat least possible maketo use acommon expression, " We can do it just as consent to withdraw. Tbia course win bepointnotwithstanding their advanced civilization,issues between tliebut recent revelations have could drop him some very useful hints relative exhumation of any Egyptian belle of the Oonit al gone far to prove that a very considerable to a dress coat and regulation trowsers. It is the Pharaohs. Clbopatba herself; diamtaned ia portion of the capital embarked in this ini- possible that' Prince Lot may not extend his the shape of a monotonous mummy, wpold haidlyquitous business is obtained in New-York. visit to our Eastern shores, but it is quite asthe twelfthcial term of our present Street Commissioneir expires, and it will become the duty of thetonamehissuccessor. TheStreetDe-portraitis one of the mostbranches of our City Government, its annual ble, but rather dreary figure of a stately citizen todotlars, and the peculiar nature of its work same artist's " Danae," is hardly less of a making it the, largest field for peculative job- than it would be to take a quiet supper withUnder it is one bureau having charge true, is piers, slipsand lastly, there is that most unportant bureau for the " collec- tion of assessments," which should certainlyfifth of repairs and supplies;— be attached to the Comptroller's officemodelingof the warmth sadthisoffice from the chaos ofa specimen of art,forgery throughinpunishment, though proof of his guilt EnwABD Coopeb, was one of the mcffit sub- East Fourteenth-street, ia well worthy of a viait.which didnoteither which had been con-thosatobring plunder-schemesome pendingjenateia I«cmrra at BellevaeThe severe punish-in the Slave-trade, would have calendars of eveiy Court possessing jurisdic- .ii„H«i brieSv to the duties ofItChinaMailandtheHongKongPrew,corrob- iadbeenobtainedfor'b"e"e"n"d=i.s'b«ur.s'e^d^l'o^r°s°tr^e*e:t beendiaziiRdforanewone,wlsichhe liad nodoQbtC^immodore less willing„earnest to the students to be<d<Bcent in the la-lightnegotiations.andrule, any honest claimant standing bnt UtUe instltuUon. And he-tnuted theywn^thispictureweGreen. Lootnia, A. B. Mott, Jas. R, Wood^ T«Ilar, appeal to the records of al- Church and McCreadybenefit^ under thUayatem.rf^J^SST"*will bethat a fewnecessary nomination for certaintrosts judidai dtaOtheir withdrawralnames on their respective tickets. An purelyatrical inIt is precisely the sort of picture which all theworld will enjoy, and which Ur. Bcbein woidddenounce. The skillfulis not more admirable than thefonn of the carnations. It has neither A*as all its it was undeirstood in the days df David and Ca-stantial of the many benefits conferred uponour City by the active honesty of Mayor lit- from public view in his house. On his death it : MANH. Through the whole period of Mr. was reaold, and the owner, now in trea^his successor's term, scarcely a day passed of Stockholm, is exhibiting here for a short time,of Philadelphia, and has ever since been aedodedthe B fbotine itllh anyYo*,plaeetteacommendIt topeoplerespects, .he said, the old admintsbation badthe of 'Ont aequlsUoniMtli exsmpto diUTafbrMkat.lMifnetioalVwnBdge thealsedtaarpeaTbor assigned to their hands, recommendmg this as be-BBP" ^r*-' www.fultonhistory.comttiafiaii^riiiiikiMMliililliiiiJiiilillll 