 of which it U ;i"*, *o that ifcn*v<. »>J^£. >WASJIIKOTW, DOC. 20, I8G0.Mr. GARNETT(Dcm., Va.) at this pom* row and Mr ..._.....W-i-TiSE OBBINAWCE 0? SSOSSSION. Xt is Adopted "Unanimously.i the money received by the Postmaster or any of them {-.sh'ouiu be eonsidered in account and settled with the Cvneral Government on the.day;of the ratification- of the.ordinance. At the sitting of tins C<)nveuiion a monthhence all these matters will be arranged aa bs- twe.cn two 'parties. In the. mean time, the accounts should go on, eo that no sudden disruption ohalb takeThe'blank in the'"resolution appointing the Commit- tee was, on motion c4Miv Hartee, filled with thirteen, Mr. Shingler moved to insert the.debt of the UnitedStates in the resolution.. The resolution seemed to be one-rided.Mr. CaJhorjTi—We have pulled a temple down thath.-v N en bm it friroeiV,uarr<; of a century. We must rjclear the rubbith away t© reconstruct'-ahotner. W e are now houseless and .homeless, and we must secure ourselves against storms. ,; ' •' • - •• *Mr. Dnnkin—If tha* otdimrrice be T>ft*eedV* things will go on in the Cns»om-HoUse ax»d. Port-Offiee ex- actly as now, until other arrangements can be made by this Convention. There ie nothing.in the ordinance to affectthedignity.honorrandwelfare'ofth*^a*e0f South Carolina: " W e mil?*' keep the whfeebr of the>resenfcative3 in iprotectionto even t^fe- right ample them an- n. • stnil ask our ite the idea of 1. if it cannot' in submission iff thef bond b?*»}, not merely !>pi*rtioa of t h e(felt[•Conclusion of Wednesday'^ Proceedings.]]: • <of by others. Secretarj' Cobb said that the revenue of'South Carolina from the Cusitom-House didn't ms'ar paytheexpensesofcustoms.Forthelastquarter,Iunder-stand si-em the best! authority that the Post-Offides ofThe resolution was their adopted. ;. Mr. Detrevilfe introdn.ced'a resolution for a Commit-teeofSafety.Transferred<5>r<aspecial"orderforto- morrow;Abraham Constitutionwhile your hill is under debate, one of the sovereignStates of this Confederacy has, by the glorious act ofher people, withdrawn, in vindication of her rights,fi-om the Union, as the tel«graph announced at half-past one to-day. [Here some three or four Southernmembers expressed approval- by a- slight dapping ofof other "States. I*think tbe Coavention is bound to ity which prevails in this State of South-CaroSna, and make arrangements with the Poxt-#ffiee Department. Vmaxiimitv not osilynnexpect ed, Sir, but unprecedented. The mails can her carried se usual, and we will pay the I ftighl go further and say,'as to the sympathy found contractors.. in other States, i'&jb to a" certain deg;^e unexpected.Chancellor Dunkin said—Mr. President, I do not- It lias surpassed^ I take to say, every expectation. know that a particular, amendment is of very niach The great object should be to p'reserve unanimity and consequence. I supposed this Committee would hivve ibsni, and not chilS this sympathy of our Southonn sis-hesvpjH&rPirs tk-tn. ni"-r.Bbra ska bill w-.i» >ad Representa-a tithe of tbe hifh AJTIIREW n ni* speech in1 would never <**.-* would not IT. Johnson is Iit-vol trffonista.K JRAPH.ur. uO itioX). TJtOUNA.>wff< "Bascifxr b c*»t- of thesnMerranean »siio». At 3 was received i States that onishing and to the Seced-nt "whatever. fact to the the membersiga£cd in dis- a to surround in order to ' Atlantic and s Union on ataiiroad bin, passed the trs azid stripes- tion; none ofT VT1VRS.tWo surviving •Carolina, then tod I»age«, and :i! Hafla of &become here-? of less than ^ ii>iiants. infe- miwl (i.;rmaaI'nrolina na- . H f**w days. nn-r of Korfc hie domainwriB a*k for nnd pf-ace.ca* be no lies. »>r, if 4 witii the u>:n**d ia tho iai been re- t with them ion b**twe«m $r><u3eriug to >•">, iJut no th Carolina.;nJirm their . QbGM«j!C*?.«isioa t*ver. theyh * >-iupp*i4« men are Suit Southi est is feit- 3e d*H>s not aeiriv enm* int ot the U-t-u driven Charleaton.,rJKKK. .-tbrt^e little re was the i* Adams of K'ltfLbility of raneed age,. ;utbon, eoun* v^sitioii will >itbiIitios arjfr•I th*;ir ttiataVe paid iooa » a r y .oiawderod. veait effort. vorii whereExasperated Lis speech.concoctedf u the effect To-day** the Swutb,h>:at\ who, tLe rescue Mked by a e u r , cure* h like oldh( ail por*iof the witBdrawal of South CaroKna from the Union.Mr. Haynes introduced, the following resolution:-Whereas, 'Shu causos which have, produced a xeparetion ofhe would do it. On one side, the Federal Government :.claims the right and declares- its . intention to execute the powers of collecting revenue in our ports; on ther other side, we have declared that we ate free. I desirerVj eoaarmedv :'. •fcwishes of manv of the'States of this Confederacy, it is Mr. SHERMAN said the Senate refused to adjourn to the conduct of the gentleman who how-occupies the most important that the State of South Carolina shouldmembers beKKAKNKV, Thurvdav Dec. 20 I860. FORT ....../ The western stage from Denver, 17th, with seven, par^engers, passed hero for Omaha at 2 p. m. to-day.The trial of Kellv, for the mnrder of Doyle, com- menced to-day. It'is the general opinion that he will be convicted.Pat. Waters, whom public opinion baa fixed upomaa the murderer of Freeman, was brought back yesterday in the western stage coach. Hie Was arrested at Cot- tonwood Springs by Deputy-Sheriff Shortridge. B > denies the murder and implicates two others. He dis- posed of the articles, formerly belonging to Freeman, at various places down the Platte.Fred. Sherman, from Chicago, who worked m Round's quartz mill at Nevada Gulch, disappeared oa Saturday mysteriously. A.letter which he left has given the impretsioh that he intended to commit sui- cide. '-.-.'The weather continues fine.The first brick church was opened in this rity yester- day, and the first church bell in the Pike's Peak country was rung.•From All>any. AI.HANY , Thursday,-•-^.••••<••1, M«wpppii, ,n.ip.,w npi j".1 * *..1J iSraiNGFiKi-p, 111., Thursday, Dec. 20, 1860. officer of- the National Government when he perceived .the secession of South Carolina, the laws of theThurlow "Weed, Judge Slosson, and J. II. Vanalin of what.would happen. But., Sir, what would have hap- United- States within its limits; and it is true, Sir,pened if immediate accept auce had taken place in the re- that he savs he has no constitutional power to coerce New-York arrived here from the Eaet in tbe oarly ception at Washington of hiu commission. Sir, it is well the State of South Carolina if she shall secede,,. •'positionThe fourth resolution was then adopted.for the continuance of peace and amity between them.Resolved, That five persons be elected by this Convention, who shall be authorized to meet such Deputies as may be appointed by any other Slaveholdiug State for tho purpose of organizing prdence at Marietta on Mon<lay night. Tuesday.I-;*°TneC Comnuttee adopted Mr.^ CnrtiVs. snhsUtute,w b M frovides for a y^ad starting from the westoin ing for the release of Anderson. bolder of Missouri and tLe westernbordei' ol Iowa,witn two convergir-g lines .westward, aiming withinSiUOuik* of theMisromi River, the:»ceproceeding bjn rir-^le trunk line bvthe nearest and beat route, viain afforded. He-has intimated that he is ready to put ress. I don't want South Carolina to secede because have now accomplished the work after forty years. g Soon after he went out,, but returned in a little time his coiumishioii this night in the hands of the Governor Mr. Buchanan, or any other man beside the people ol. Mr. HHVUCK—The Congress of the United States i. with hia son Siniton, whom he infortMxi of the troublOj of the State Now, Sir, we know what the Collector South Carolina, deeiie not to see it. Come what may, no longer our Government. It will be for our Legisla asserting that he was purposely knocked down by Cor-*'•*-articles, as may be agreed on by said deputies.The first-was referred to tho Committee on Foreign Relatione, and the second to the Committee ou the Slaveholdiug States of North America.Mr. Mazyck introduced the following:.Resolved, That a committee to consist, of.appointed, whose duty it shall be to inquire and report to tho Convention how much of the legislation of Congress would be, ip-'o facto, abrogated so far as the State is concerned by the seces- sion'of this State from the National Union, and how much of it might remain of force notwithptacding.the act of Recession.This was made the especial order for to-morrow. Mv. Orr moved to adjourn, and at 3:40 adjourned.FOURTH DAY..'•' CHARLESTON, Thursday, Dec. 20, 1860. Prayer was offered, the roll called, and the Journalread..A resolution was offered.to invite the Mayor oi'Charleston to a seat on the floor of the Convention. I was amended by inserting the Governor of the State the President of the Senate, and Speaker of the House,and passed*The Chair announced the appointment of the Com-mittee to draft a summary of the cause of the secession of South Carolina; also, of four Standing Committees. Mr. Rhett's resolution to appoint a Committee of thirteen for the purpose of providing for the assem- blage of a Convention of the seceding St iteo; and toform a Constitution,, was adopted.Mr. fciglis made a report from the Committee to pre-of South Carolina, the property, after the secession ofthe State, according to opinion, consistent with the dig-nity and honor of the State, can, I say, after theact ofsecession, receive only thai*.protection which it hasreceived—I mean that protection which has beenderived from the laws of South Carolina. Mr.President, look at it. There is property which,while we are in this Union, belongs to the Unionof the States, as an independent State. Has,it been protected by the arms of the United adopted by us, in Convention, on the 23d day of May encountered a revere passage in tho Sound last night,"Wh*rJZ rrv reoort of tbe nroteedinp* in the State ConventionJ t ^ T 6 ' ^ T U onJe l^^in.,. theHon.JV„:.Pf cherMtt&imveatiit oftbU Honw, »**>d the follovin?: langnage:uuica'-i^n to and mbaeqiwiUly t» a written cvmniunkthe Fr«».ident 'l knowthU to Imvobwn-wiid: 11 youi sen3 aMr. Desaussure moved that the ordinance be en- grossed on parchment, under the direction of the At- recognized. Without that, they will be prepared soon for her to decide to raise the banner of jus- toroey-Ceneral, and signed by the President and mem-.danger, there were troops there.Mr. iKUMBULLs-aid he/did not know of anybodywho bad an idea that the General Government in-tended to declare war against a State or coerce a State.T h e Government had power to coerce or pnnish indi- Kurliutrame, Bund^aih. Butteriield. Campbell, Carter, Case,that ordinance will not be submitted to.-morrow: Wc the officers of the Poat-Ofhce and our Ciistom-Houee, places are allowed to remain in tho condition in which they may the chimes of St. Michael's Episcopal Church pealetfMIWWWWUMtt * jp*»i'^ifMiK5iMWLYmm^w^^^^^w^W^t-M^69'£They har& go** to-, offer,. tii the $j>ion.ihh Voarth of tagM3 banner.Wcfai by tuj«mor, awt art. 1 SSCOXD SESSION. ' ccuatrnction of twoPacific Roads', when tae" Governvthjfcpi^Unent of Edwin V. Stanton as AttcWw T' feSS^MkwwaS"Waste TeY.f rtrg^V-that uh-•)mtH>rdfinm*. ««» ww .qtacr n^tms beadopted, the- ^ , . . N^rth-West would be lefc to.About «7,5OO,0<K>'of the ten million ln*Tr*,A~ fis British entcrpri* and advanceihcS*.' •-' v f .,mmm CAROLSM M M I Stale which meet on the 7th of January. It wasfsug- will take care it does reach us m good seasonf-t£e lacOnyeTuxnce^but chaotic wnditioh'/Wo hiu^trevivify^' gtietedthat"a fempofai-y arrangement'could go into fortswillbe1airen,because they arenecessary toour' euchlawsaawillbest'preserveusttotb calaariefe*. AM operation on the 20th of January, so that titne would f-elf-p'reserratiOn. Mr. Miles spoke about the repairs' to drfty, will you turn the %bip of ^Sbtte adrift, whatzo $200,0.10 have deposited the enth4 Z ?S T W ?S r ^ ^ n * ^ to-coAnntoce a«ch ft &>*o#j now j when \v^nld,^howtver, conic for ouch improvenvtont. —nF.a 'n u , m -•Let 08 wait .awhile, as all the- repairs wi/1 be to our h,ew-York for one ceht instead of three, and between advantage."'' -•."-• . ' ^ ICES important, t«» or nw5reeents.;- f&»liAV€5 itI860.XXXYTTIT CONGKESS.WV.DAVis (A.L. DemUlCttt was 1ankmpf. 'suInd.) argitedf againft theA.-Cowcnlioif-ofSeeeiti&s-'-Stalest |ihe trHnsaction was settled, Jan..'J/. My frioiid from Sf. 5lichaels proposed one it*mi. It whs' propot^ed that•ins, farmtic*. . MT \ n , f annoanced the reception of the report all in this debate but* from a remark which I hoard fall of A. p . Bacbe, Superintendent of the Coast S-rrvey from my frjend ftorn Cnltfomia, Mr. Scott, who re-w of 0r pXt«L §£S5S $J* Sjssa©1^6 inarfced, when epeaTKrig of the bonds which it i* pro- pored to i.«su« under the biH, whw-b was that we were V i i ^ i ! ^ K T E R (pem.,Va.), from the Committee on all to lie responsible for these bonds by law. S5r, IITA ^ ^ ^ e d baek the Tariff bill, with a recoin- know that thescal put upon the debate of the bilSinw.ewiation that it he postponed until the 4th of March this Uor.f o shows that there cvuki be no rational dh»-%?" oxl x e kible. enusion of the ]>rinciplea of the bill, and evinces a de-_»r.CLARK(Rep.,N.H.)movedtotakeuphis terminationonthepartofmembers*«^>positetopassresolution of inquiry. it under the fash and spur of the previousA me**age wa» here received from the House, stat- Question, without* hearing the merits or constitu-ing that they had www! the bill to supply the deli- tionalities. of tho bill discuesedv I know thereMr. Harlee moved to fay the motion on the table.- plate.' Sirj I merely suggent this, as it has' been spoken Cai ried. - * .iiency for the postal service of 1861.Mr.JKKNNEDY (S. Am., Md.) thought that the con-sideration of Mr. Clark'» resolution** would take UP too ranch time.3fr. TR1:MBX;J.L (Uep.,111.)thonght there could be »© objecnou to taking the resolutions up.Mr. HUNTER believed thev wo»]d be the cause o comlderahie discn&sion.Mr. SAUI^SBURY (Dem., Del.) hoped, that the g<ntlemen, before they press tho game further, to con-friends of the.Union would not allow any imcb resolu- tions to be considered. It would onlv add to the ex- citement, and destroy the little harmony left.Mr . C L A R K said the rumors abroad" did more to in- crease tie excitement than.anything ehe. He though the rtivhtrions were the b*»-t way to find ont the truth of the whole matter. He had no desire to do anything to increase the excitement.Mr. LANK (Dem., l>regon) objected to taking up the resolution!*. He was for peace.M r. HUNTER wanted to postpone nntil he could •see if the Committee of Thirteen did anything to allay- the excitement.Let- us puss hv subject to their revision and alteration, guration of a gi-eat cause. All of us look with an un- ion are .not to-break in upon arrangements .which are o'ivided eye'to the consequences of that move- One of. The resolution was adapted. .. temporarily sustained till.' we treat with the Geheral Mr. Dtinkiii offsred a resolution that a Committee b© Govermnent. - : %<i#5jappointed'to inquire and report what? measures, tem- Mr. Gregg—The Prerident of the United States ha*r porary or permanent, can i/a adopted? in reference to thrown down the gauntlet in bis mensuge. HeSassaid Cnstom-Iiouseand Postal nmmgementa, in consequence that it was his du-fy to coHect the revenue, and thatCrittenden.) ' . ,r 0 _ •„ The iollowing is the Committee: Messrs. Powel1, Hunter, Crittenden, Seward, Toombs, Douglas, Col- h-.mer, Davis, Wade, Bigler, Rne, Doolitile, andCobb's last letter.SrKHSoriKL?, III., Thursday, Dec. 20, 1800.mean the glorious light of the heavens, I mean fcne in- terial protection which it seems disposed to. assert forformation and intelligence. Next to bread, people it? Because the act of secession makes the people ot must.have information. They must have light. It, South Carolina occupv, bv..the people of the UnitedSir, you suddenly withdraw this light lor ei«ht and States, the pofcitioruof robbers, so potentially is it. as-fortv hours, or cause an interruption in postal arrange- serted that the rights of the United States are only to ments', vou stop the means of communication. Sir, the be maintained in our limits by material force? N o - perilous consequences which would result from it wid. no—no ! It cannot be so, that the United States can,To-day's' Journal has a startling leader on secession, 1 ; Mr DA VIS asked to he excused on account ot tno which, from the peculiar relations of the paper to. the{! •I-.-'». <ftGiimeo, ' , e .,position in which hi» State stood, and he wan excused President elect, has great significance.The biH under consideration was then postponedconsistently wilh the honor and dignity of South Caro-lina, own within the limits of South Carolina. The iicnlv. We should have a little time to effect common President of the United States says that this property arrangements. Now, in regard to postal arrange- has been bought by the Union of the States; that the ment *, it is to be done by a Congress. Don't let me United .States hasnaid for it, and therefore claim thehe misunderstood., I assume, that to-morrow we take . right to hold it. It must be remembered that when.the attitude of a sovereign State; I will assume, that South Carolina secedes from this Unioo, her sovereignthe-national men at^ the head of the Federal Govern- Vi-hts arise, and are to be considered in connection ment, when the matter is presented them, will see with this assertion of the right of property. Iu thisuniil tomorrow.Executive session. Adjourned.jbe easily appreciated bv every thinking man in everyHOCSE OF KEPRESENTAllVES. Mr. D E L A N O (liep., Miuw.) asked leave to oilerfollowing. whh:h he read for information:thedemonstrations. Her Federal officers may resign, and she may close her Courts and Post-Offices,, but she cau- not get'out of this Union until who conquers this Gov- ernment. While tbhs Government endures, there can be IIO disunion.If South Carolina does riot obstruct tho collection ot the revenues at her ports, nor violate another Federal law there will be no trouble, and she will not be out of the Union. If the violates the law theu cornea the tug of v.ur.nee reHChei r to thew- iotu, th* inataut the int^..iK<»no'tice, and ' let every one Bee whether we owesolitary io-ldieroiar jMjople. d we wil taKe care that it dovs reach u» befbw itto hear we are out of the Union. By «lowly# acting. they will then be prepared to treat with us in com-- the United States. If there be a dollar South Caro-mefce, upon postal arrangements, upon any other mat- lina owes to the United States, let it be paid, if it ter. Let me say, Mr. President, I don't use argument impoverishes the people of South Carolina. If therebe a dollar claimed which is not justly duo the United them as to us, and a certain time should be given. As States, let South Carolina be desolated before thatc*n re** i» tno fcrt*. the fort* wilt b.< tnkon. becan-o *ach » coor.* i< ^ w w y to our safety and wjlf-prenerration;thertrforo Prewd^Tit b4- repair*A to communicate to HtuArrd. Th*t »he fiiation iie bw* r*-oc>vt«t, ••itlj^r or»I or laHalf-past 6 o'clock was agreed upon as the hour to proceed to Institute Hall for the purpose of signing it.The President of tho United States, in such an omer- *frftlajf,t<» he eflvctthatLT ihe forts of Charle-ton »r^ f-.rther gency, has a plain ditty to perform. Mr. Buchananfrom their feelings, but their interests, as important toin the instance of a copartnership proposed to he drawn dollar is paid. [Smothered applause.] There is one The following is a summary of the debate on thet i e IIot»*»- w hat informationtheforta will b*t t..k«n by any force Or authority, h0»-condition of public affairs to which I wish for a moment passage of the Ordinance:-rHuforrediil»7o'th» authority and aupr-u.ucy of tho UirftwfStatr*. :_There was considerable excitement from the South- ernsideo»theHonse.Mr. ASHMORE (Dem., S. O) wanted to ..know where rhe information came from. . •Mr DELANO replied that it was published in the i.rcceedii.gs of the South Carolina Convention.The SPEAKER said neither the debate nor the reso- lutions were in order. The latter can he taken up atmay shirk it, or, the emergency may not exist during his admimat ration. If not, then the Union will last through his term of office. . •If the overt act on the part of South Carolina takes place on or after the 1st of March, 18(51, then the duty of executing the laws will devolve upon Mr. Lincoln.The laws of the United States, must be executed.The Pi »^ident has no discretionary power on the sub-up, it is reasonable that ordinary time be given to effect^Mr^EYNOLDS «A. £ Don, N. Y-), from the Ju- ject. His duty isemphatically pronounced in tho Con-diciary Committee, male. a> report on the \\ at rona lm- stitution. Mr. Lincoln will perform that duty..' i*acbi«»ent ca««e, the consideration of winch was post-noned tiil '1'hursday next. Abo, on the bill for the Disunion by armetj force is treason, and treason mustbody making such provisional arrangements as may be necessary in the interval which may exist between thisrepeal of the act establishing a Court.ol Ulanns.The House went into'Commit tee of the Whole on the State of the Union on the bill grantinghuids to Ne-b n i s k a f o r r a i l r o a d s . ['. • , , ' • Mr. SHERMAN (Kvr>.. Ohio) ofi'ered an amendment,being the Select Committee's Pacific Kailrotid bill.Mr. CURTIS (Kep., Iowa) .submitted a substitutetherefor, l>eing nearly the »ame as the latter.and will be put down at all hazards. • .Xla« Fwgpitive S l a v e C a s e i a C a n a d a ,cause. Mr. President, what. I have said as to the Col- to each other in this relation of equal independence lector of Charleston, I could only specify from what I (sovereign) mutually recognizing one in another. H I lend in the papers.. For the Postmaster of Charleston 'have to make an act of secession, If I have to qualify 1 ha\ e a right to speak more authentically. 1 say, Sir, this ordinance after it is passed, all of it shall beI am not, however, to be implicated as sanctioning the idea that there is no lawful authority within the limits of the State except the General Government.Mr. Gregg—After South Carolina abrogated the Con- stitution of tho United States, are its laws si ill in force? I think not. All the laws of Congress fall instantly to the ground on the act of secession.era Stales, LSrting from tvvo points/nauiely rmt amicably settled. Neither party was injured. Smith and he western border ot Unusiiuia, wit two Gem-rial fired into the air.Thein reference to the withdrawal, of this State from the transpiring before me, except that in the issue now be- - ,Mr. Gregg—The Congressional laws for the colloe •tion"of revenue are for tbe support of the Federa Simeon was taken to tho Hospital, and tbe old man, iu.Union for commercial/and postal arrangements. Sir, I fore the country. The President of the United States Government at Washington, and all our Post-OlUce whoso iHisjuerion a formidable looking knife,was found*rging lh.es bearing westward, um.iug^w.th SouthedPVifie Rail.oadC<»m|mnvchartered b> le.vu.mi y>Mr. REAGAN (Dein., Texas) ollert d attamondxnent,with a view to make the J»U efficient the bill did pis- Mr. SCOTT (Dem., CaTj believedtice to all secdions, and would pass tiio Senate; if not k«ded down with ameadmeiito. •MrrRea«an'» amendment was rejectea.KS A £ D K J C H m&, Minn.) offered an amendmentfor a Nor Ultra route, :->m MinnesotaS o u n d .suppose that the Commit tee'would only report until if. will 'consummate -this declaration, which wHl inevitably laws fall, on our dissolution wilh that Government;was mroted, and locked op on chairge of drunkimnesa,RrvcmicAN CKVT«AI. CLPU,—This association nw>t l«Ht night at Ko^ 814 Broadway, Daniel Ullmau in tho chair. Six new members, were admitted, and the name* of thirty.persons wore proposed for memhemhip. M^. . .«*«f*•'www.fultonhistory.com--- ato rnge.StanheWi O. M. ^ B ^ C ^ ^ ^ * f e i a ° f t - r 1 1Scott Harrison, R. M. Corwme, J. \% I Uinell. Couciliaton re-soli.uond were u'Jo^dv .:him: " if yon send a solitary.soldi.-r to tho--e forts, tho im.d duty. Wo must preserve our people not onlv from bur-'nvt'.-> of publi© '"ii^'fuu^vv wosirwuvwliid. .ir.bt;.nl the" intelligence tc?;\eheft our pwrle--:iud weare gentlemen, like mv fr»nd from California, whosincerely believe that "the bift should'pasa; that it isconstitutional and practical';• ,but*, I beSeve-thereare many persons have no dreams- that thisrailroad will be built, if we were to passtwenty bills for that, purpose,.' and' with whomtco in relation to .the Slaveholdiug States of North; Carolina m withdrawing from the Union. He paid at not cold and silver Of tbe iUnited States? In the ease ,But accounts should bo kept.. In the mean time,' of clearing and entry, of vessch?, wc arc yery liable to Mmorning train.Weed wae closeted with Lincoln from 9 o'clockknown to every man in the community that if Mr. while at the same time he denies her the exercise Buchanan received it and appointed another to fill the of her legitimate right of secession which sheorder to take up the bill giving the Baltimore andOhio Railroad authority to cros» the long bridge over until 3. He brought hi« compromise along, which was thrown up commission for that purpose, I need not suyclaims, and I apprehend there will be, Mr:' President, an attempt to coerce the State of South Carolina in the form of protecting the property of thethe Potomac River. " .. Mr. PKARCE (Derm, Md.) moved that when theSenate aojourn, it be until Monday.that no Southern man would have accepted il; no man the subject of earnest discussion. of South Carolina would have been allowed to do it.-J—WH%< ^«»tl.o number ;of inhabitant* was-sb''smalL The limp. FIBE-EATXNG KJbe given for the General Government- to know our to Fort Sumpter, and mentioned the cause of the resig-viewsandmakereadytoansweryeaor.naywhether nationofSetretarvCass. AtFortMoultriethere 'they me dispeeed to *reat; but.'iu'tho mean time the were only sixty-live iflen, with,five or rix musicians. cidkiary occtfpatidns'jpf our citesens are to go on. j One Captain Auder?om is oeedfnLof troops* He (Miles) matter more, aa to the. xeyenuca, The Ifostmastjer of. felt the necessity of being watchful, lest a few persons Cbwieston most likely would keep an account until from Charleston should nfcvprise the fort; xa a night.will become of tbe officers ?Mr; Masevck—There is.no datyfor the Collector ofthe port to-do. "The Post-Office has been swept off. My,opinion is that this present system of postal arrange- ment is a nuisance^ lfye publfc caH be better served bv private parties between c.fties lik« Philadelphia and"'— - <haii man, I should not have participated ;rt •.It is said that modifications were insisted on by the [Applause.] Sir, Mr. Colcock saw that—he is a •prac- United States within the limits of South Carolina. I President elect relative to.the recognition of the right tical man. If ho had sent, in his commission audit am' -disposed, therefore, at the very threshold to con-sider the accuracy of this logic, and weigh well thodava untd New-ioars man who knows anything of the commercial relations conclusion which The President of the United States Dr. DA VIS (Dem., ML-s.) was opposed to t h / ad- restoration of geographical lines of division was repu- of Charleston what would have been the consequence? has arrived at in this matter. There never has been aiO adjourn over every threeMr. CAMEKON (Ken., Pa.) moved to am/md so as of Slavery in the Territories., and that the idea of a had been accepted,, as I presume it-would, I ask any..journira ut. He, trusted the Senate would be con- linued for good, if God grant; or fur evil, it we woulddiated. All the power' of the British navy would not have Weed returns East this evening, It is reported that effectnallv stopped the port of Charleston. It is wellday-i-no, nor an hour—in which anybody could claim the property within tho limits of the State of South Carolina—whether the claim were made by an indi- vidual, or'corporatioh, or -conuhunity or nation. Is it not as sacred under the constitution as the; laws ofknown that if a vessel passes the bar of Charleston JWncowion followed, until Mr. KENNEDY asked he will take the modified programme to Washington, without the regular papers signed by the Collector ot-what was ia order, when the inotiou to adjourn was where it will be submitted to the Republican members •^vfee-preridmit BRECKINRIDGE Said by leav^e of of Congress. He saw no one but Lincoln and a fewthat port, that vessel is liable to be taken up in twentythe Senate, he would announce the Committee ordered by the resolution of the Senator from Kentucky fl'-oweli;. He wnd that he bad experienced a great deal of drfficuHj in forming the committee, but he hadof the hitter's friends.The New-York City appointments were parceled subject to the direction of the Convention of the peoplepare and draft an ordinance proper to be-adopted by theLKA VKNWOHTH, K. T.;Xhursday, Dec. 20, I860.. The Herald of this citv punlishes an address of Gov. Mchtiy to the citizens* of Kansas, in which he-an-endeavoured to"do xo in conformity to the spirit inwhich he thought the committee was ordered. Itwould be noticed that two Senators were on the com-mittee fr«a one State, but this was unavoidable, as bycustom the author of a resolution becomes the chair-man of the committee that is to take it under considera-tion, aud he was sure that the Senate would, lor manyreasons, recognize the propriety of putting on the Committee the senior Senator from Kentucky (Mr. calmly.AN ORDINANCE to dissolve the union between the State of South Carolina and other States uuited with her under the Compact entitled the Constitution of the United States of America.nounces his resignation.to have been intimated.The news from Charleston produced great sensationWe, the people of the State of South Carolina, in Convention assembled, do declare and ordain, and it is hereby declared and ordained, that the ordinanceX»e Steamer ISmpire State.. BOSTON, Thursday, Dec. 23, 18G0.in political circles. Mr. Lincoln, however, received itin the year of our Lord 1708, whereby the Constitu- tion of the United States of America was ratified, and also all acts and parts of acts of the General Assembly of this State ratifying amendment's of the said Consti- tution, are hereby repealed, and that the union now subsisting between South Carolina and.- other States, under the name of the United States of America, is heieby dissolved.The ordinance was taken up and passed by a unani- mous vote of 169 members at 1J o'clock.Aseoonasits passage was known without the doors of the Convention, it rapidly spread on the street, a crowd collected, and there was immense cheering.Mr. Miles moved that the Clerk telegraph to the members at Washington. Carried unanimously.bers this evening at Institute Hall, and that it be placed ia the archives of the State.A large meeting was held last night to sympathizewiiJi tl'.e fugitive, slave Anderson, claimed under thoAshbtirton treaty for killing Mr. Driggs of Missouri,v.-Lo endeavored to pre vent his escape. Strong speeches shall be deemed expedient for the welfare oi Southone position.to which we may be brought, and it is the position which, so far as one man is concerned, I shall avoid above all others—it is the position ot having theState of South Carolina seem to the world to be al-Carolina j to which alone, after its withdrawal, he will were not germaine to the Nebraska Land bill, which were made .against-his rendition, by lawyers, clergy- look. I do injustice, however. I come short? HoMr. Cbeves—As an immense chasm will be made inthe law, and us it is necessary to avoid inconvenienceto the people, we must make s'oinc temporary arrange- Bequence of which ho became axasperatod. Ellis,Points of order \v«re raised that these propositionsthe Chairman (Mr. Crow, Kcp., Pa.) overruled, and was sustained by the Committee—i ea», 90; Nays, not"•'CHARI.KSTON, Wednesday, Dec. 19, 1&G0.Mr. Memminger introduced a resolution for the ap- Government going. The Constitution of the jphited merits' was increased to 13. . receipts Save been fees than $©0,0.00... Therefore, Mr. pointment of a Committee of seven members, to draft States is not entirely abrogated by the ordinance, The Convention adopted a resolution that a Cornmifc- 1'resident,.there is no great apprehension- in that. way.. a summary statement of the causes justifying South WhatisJegal tender in,the payment of debts t Is itTh.<> Committee on Commerce • and" Postal Arrange-; South Carolina cost ihe Government.$240,000,,and theAmerica be appointed.'.;. [m . • ; , the. usual business transactions should be' al- another time we can present to the whoS; worlft- the'Jliethird resolution of the Committee on CommCT- lowed to proceed until1 it was a8*ertaine<i tvhat^were 'causes justifying South Carolina leavihg the Union. have the same confiscated.-.-. 'cialKela^ons smd Poutal An-angcmerits "was taken up-. the views regarded by the Adirwhiatration, which I' He desired it so"that it would dispel the idea that South Mr. Carroll—The present revenue would be contin- Mr. Mcl'h'ccdy—'We only propose to 'make a change have no donht are entirely friendly to us, aad will do Carolina is in a state of revolution* We are a Siate ued till an act of the Legislature authorized'otherwfoe- for tbe peo r>Te while iu a transition state. Wcmust :-everything t-hat can be done in order to prevent any already recognized by the world. In order to set our- Mr. Brown—There iff no longer communication withtbe whole subject is but a vote biU of politics in thegame ot President making. I would adviee all such ti.k« speciaif care of the Postai arrangements. Our inconvenience. ,Mr President, I have oviy a word selves right before the world, it is-expedient to show the Gevcrnment from which weare just separated.Legisiature now has no power. W e are the power. more; I will then take my sent. . We are at. the inau-- our true position. Mr. Dunkin—The spirit of the ordinance must b<rsider whether they shall have the opportunity of mak-ing another President. Rut the responsibilitv of thesebonds is not the onlyV matter, to consider. Why, Sir, necessary to -th* convenasctice of our citizens and ;those the most prominent and m<>3t fuvorabxb is the' unanim-hands. There was no other "manifestation in the"Honse^] I have to gay to the Honse that the people of authority- to take into, consideration what has been ters. Now, Mr. President, I<have said stop for a day,no compromise. Is it necessary to maintain the 15 toVirginia, ninety-nine out of every hundred, bolieve the [termed postal arrangement*, and I think so now. shut up foi* a day the port of Chariest on,«and the ships ty, but usurpation by the Govennaent in violation*of this instru- United States? Should these duties continrre to b«A Voice—That's so. , . , • ' now loading with the products of our country would ment: . levied, our]>eople will suffer sf terrible calamity. Forto do, it will be no" great stretch to say that a Con> Pass your "ordinance, and what is the consequence 1 mittee on Commer<:ial relations might) take iuto con- Why, Sir, we are stopped a single day. If we were sideration our postal arrangements as a part of its stopped two days, ail the eloquence of Mr. Stephensbill to bo uneonetitutionati and. though, like marinere Mr:. Duulrir.—Iter- very difficult to-'define anddii- (ix)t before they would go to sea. If an ordinance was 6. Resolved, That a commission be sent to each of the plave- earning the mails, let the present contracts be assumed on the point of shipwreck, we may break into the holdiag States, hearing a copy of the ordinance of secession, andMr. Mason (Dew., Va.) said he supposed the objectof the. mover was, after be got the .information,'by* store-room for the purpose of plundering it, and though tingnish, but when youoometo consider what we have- passed, they will iiave no papers—they are stopped. proffer.each Statr»,orany oneor more of them, tbe existinp Consti- by South Carolina instead of the United States.' 'another resolution to require troops to be sent to those you mav squander the public lands and increase theforts. In a few days events will be presented for the public debt-, I wty to you that it is my solemn beliefconsideration of Cougresk when the question comes that the people o*f Virginia, when my State takes that commercial transactions; and I do suppose, when my wTouid be but a ponhy.whi.M.le compared with the-as- practically up. He hev^r uonbted the perfect right of course "which fast-thronging events shall compel her toa State to determine for herself whether bhe would take, will not hold themselves responsible for tho first"Mr. Rhett—This groat revolution mu8tgo»on with- as little danger as possible to the coimtry. By mak- ing the Federal Agents ours the machinery will.move on. The Federal law's of taxation must not exist over us. I trust that the present system' of taxation haaJoncer continue ia Abe Union.Mr. CLARK said the Senator from Virginia misun-.single cent of these bonds. [Here"the hammer fell.]The. amendments of Messm Phelps and Barrettfriend submitted bis. resolution for appointing the (Com- tounding' causes among ourselves. The stoppage of post- mittee, that it would have that authority; and with ut arrangements is an argument that will silence a man. due deference to the gentleman, whom I greatly This will be but the beginning. .The port of Charies- ' rcspecf, I would 1hat there might be a question upon ton shut,-postal arrangements stopped, the people uni- this. I do not believe the Coavention entertains a fied, their ships rolling at the wharves, and the whole doubt about the Committee. They may ...if they think ot our ordinary transactions will stop, is there any ar- proper, take into consideration .postaian-angements. The gument, that can obviate it ? Look at the States'. OuePresident has done me honor by placing me on the Com- State hesitates, some are more than ready. Georgia,mittee to prepare an ordinance of .the withdrawal of whose, cooperation we:desire more than any other, is aAnd-ore do farther earne^tlv recommend that in days after Mr. Barnwell-—We have seceded from the United two or more States in addition to South Carolina shidl have ac- States, and established'our independence. We can't ceded to the said Provisional Union-, an election shall be bold for allow the United States to exercise authority over u» Senet »rs and Members of the House of Representatives of the any more. Let postal convenience, be sacrificed if new Congress, and a President and Vice-President of the newderstood bis objeot. Ho wanted to gain information. H)ems.. Mo.), Davis of Indiana, and Stevens of Wash-He baa seen uiiferent accounts in. the papers^ The ington Territory, were injected. The last proposed a jTesident" cv>uld give the truth. He had ho object to route from T«tk"e Superior to Pugets Sotuad.move further resolutions. The Committee then rose.Mr. DAVIS (Dem., Miss.) contended that the in- The Nebraska Land bill was then reported with Mr.<]nhies were impiiqHsr to uu:>ke of the President. They Curtis's substitute, when the latter was agreed to.The question was stated on the passage.Mr. CLARK (Dem. Mo.) demanded the reading of the bill, amid much confusion, and impjitient erica for tho question.The SPEAKER said the bill must be read, which was done accordingly. -this evening. We don't intend to be hasty. We purr propose. When I' intend offering a resolution, and it pose to lose no time. W e are anxiously engaged in it, shall have been passed, I think it may be done without and I shy, without violation of confidence, AVC are en- offering a resolution, unless a great objection is made. gaged onlv upon the matter of form. Upon that weConfederacy. . • .Itemized, That three Commissioners be appointed to conveyan authenticated copy of the ordinance of secession to Washing-necessary. There never was anything purchased worth having unless it cost a sacrifice. ' ' * , ^might only embarrass. The President could not seud vI do not think I act in violation of confidence lies Side by ride by us.. Mr. President, I have a reso-as a member .of that Committee to act upon the matter; lution which I intend soon to ask to offer for an appro*they are united. [Smothered applause-.] If any delay priate committee. I propose to refer to.that committeetakes place, it will-be simply for. the.purpose of^pre- to inquire whether it is iu contemplation, on with-:paring an ordinance in a manner consistent with its drawal of the State, from the Union, either to makeeffect and the dignity of ihe State. Sir, I am sure that permanent or temporary arrangeuients in reference torequest that the name shall be communicated to the Congress now in session, and said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to treat for the delivery of the forts, magteine* and Jight-honses, and also for all other real estate, with the ap- purtenances thereto, within the geographical limits of South Carolina, and that th* authority to treat upon these subjects be extended to — day of Fobruary, in the year of our Lord,. 1861; Provided, In the mean time the said forts, magazines, and othertro< p8 now without bringing about the very collision dtoaded. Of the idea to withdraw the J&obps, tho President was a better judge than the Senate. He trusted there would be no collUiju. If there was auy•vidirab.Ct;.rk (Mo.), Clark B. Cochrane, .lohri'Cochrime, Colfax, Coitk- lioe, Corwin, Covode. Cox. CTaig (Mo.), Curtiiia,' Duell, Dunn, EdgcrtOD, Edwards, Eliot, Etheridgc, teuton.. Ferry, Florence, Foster. Frank. Oooch, Grow. Gurley, Hall, HaniiUon, Helmick, llindiiian. Howard (Ohio). Humohrey, Hutch>ns7--Irviue, Jjm- kiii, Kello-rc (>lich.), Kellojrtc (111.). Kenyan. Kilgore, Larrabee, Leo. LcomiH. Mallory. Martiu*(Ubio), McClernand, McKeau, McKenty, Millward, Montgorr.ery. Moorhead, Morris (Pa.). NebMr. MASOX said action to force one State against $ i •; another Whs war.Mr. TRUMBULL a*ked: What is rebellion ?Mr. MASON ?aidit wais resistance by a portion of the citizens to tho laws emanating from a commonshan't be locg in agreeing, Mr. President, I will, in Mr. t^regg—We can. dissolve our unioa. with the This elicited a debate, in which Messrs. lihett, Keitt,Government The citizens being an integral part of Hon, Porter. Uiiarles, Kice. Kob"in»ou (R. I.), Scott, Scranton, our common Government, the States are as ^sovereign Sickles, .Spardding, Stout,, Stratton, Tappan, T!»eaker. Totnokiua, to-day \\* when they formed the Constitutionof the. Trumbull, Yandever, VerreO, Wade, Waahburno (lll.>, W p h -bom (A\ itf.). Wilson, and Woodson—i>i>. 'United States and being so, a State has pDwer to ab- NAYS—Messrit. Aldrich. AnderMon, Barksdale, Bcale, Booock, «iolve its citizens from the obligations of the Federal Branch, Carey, Horace F. Clark. Clemens. Cloptou, Cobb, Craise compnet which the State entered into before. When (N. C). Curry, Davis (Ind.). Dawes. Dejarnette, Delano, Ed- the Slate thus absolves its citizens they become as com- iiiiii>d:<on. English. Farnaworth, Garuett, Cartrel, Oilmer, Har-ance of the mail service. • ' . ' , .Mr.. Adams—This debate is out of order.Mr. Gregg—The Minister to the United States willpracticableMr.'TRUMBULL, denied that aState was as sov- (N. C), Leake, Lo\^r Logan. Loveioy, Martin (Va.l. Maynard maintain, Sir, the machinery has worn well, mid you dent of the United States, was taken up.demur, Harris (Md.), Harris (Va), Hnskin, Hill, Hoard, Hoi- pletely foreign as citlzena of France. man, Houston. Jenkins, Jones. Landmm, Leach (Mich.). LeachA C©ntrndictio».. PinhADELPHiA; Thursday, Dec. 20, ISGO.ereign aw when she entered the compact. Tlic Dciiciencv bill from the House w'can't stop it suddenly unless vou get some break in it Mr. Magrath said:. If we were now in a conditiona* referred to the Committee on Finance, on motion of Mr.ne. way. Now, Sir, I" can't illustrate what I of profound peace, and about inaugurating this act of in some. , .HUNTER. ; j ,-,•:;: .:•--'•;Mr. SLIDl'XL (Dem., La.] naid he had received a note fri»m the agent of the Associated Press, about what he said yesterday. He did not believe the re- porter in the galleries ever sent the dispatch, but he bad received no assurance that the man who did should be punished. He there lore moved tho expulsion ofthe reporter frbin the gallery.The special order being Mr. Johnson's resolutions,Xbey were taken np.Air. i'UGH ^Dein.,Obio) addressed the Senate, re-plying to the speech of Mr. Wade. He opposed the enforcement of the Federal laws as being a olow to the sovereign rights of a State, which might lead to civil war.Mr. NICHOLSON (Dem., Teun.) obtained the floor,Jbut moved to postpone the nubject until to-morrow, inpeper of this irioroiBg.Wronxpurpose, and .1 cannot illustrate, nor elaborate,, but the consent, of the Senate, till the. 31st. . suggest in reference to custom-house, and I would referJ&ciwer-*I)OW.Mr. Leake's resolution was rejected.Collectorship of the Port, and has illustrated to rue hisMondav. x?JLr. Weed,/Adjourned tillidea. Sir, all I know I have seen in the public papers.this State from what had been called the federal Union. State having exactly the same position with us,, and ton, t» be laid before the President of the United States, with tho. tion!! mm t be removed. Let us appoint our own offi-The bill passed ira against 74, as follows:YEAS—Me.ssTH. AdnniK (Maim.). Adams (Ky^, Adraii<, Allen,' have been working this morning, and again will work and that they should report thereon. This is what Ibe at th<>adoption of this ordinance; and tiyar shall be further empowered to treat upon the subject of the public debt, and for u proper division of all other property within the above now beld by the Government of the United Sthtes as the agent of the States now embraced in the said Confederacy, until sue;: time as a new Confederacy of States shaJOt be formed, of which South Carolina shall be one.iorth " Old Lang Syne," and other tunes.CoT.vMniA, S. C , Thursday; Dec. 20, i860. The Methodist Conference of this State have, passedresolutions in favor of secession.Tl.e Hon- Iktwrence M. Keitt has resigned his eeatin the .House of Representatives of tho UnitiadStates.Ex-Governor McDonald, of Georgia, died at his resi-Andcrbvn (Mo.), Avery, Babbitt, Burr, Barrett, Biughatu. Blair, Blake. Boteler, Brayton, Brings, Bristow Buffiuton, Burcb.the remarks I intend offering—I widl assume that this United States, and make arraugeiuents for a continu-and Middleton participated.The first one referred to a Committee on Foreign Re-lations, and was ordered to be printed.Mr. Meinminger introduced the following:State will'be out of the Union in a very few days', ifnot in many hours. Then, Mr. President, we havesomething to look to- For many purposes the Unionhas worked welk The machiuery is convenient,andadvantageous—in small matters very convenient. Sir, The amendment, of adding "Postal arrangements," having a determination to go Out of the Union,we should endeavor to do with'as little harm to for the consideration of the Committee on Commerce, the ordinary transactions of the community aa was adopted.iswe have assumed a character which wc purpose to the Secession portion of the Message of the Presi-and consistentwith theThe special order, the second resolution, relative to(N. C.),-McPherson,*Mill80n, Moore (Ala.). Morrill, Morris (111.),N'iblacJC, Terry, Pettit, Peyton. Phelps. Reagan, Rigg.t, Rust,Snmers, Singleton, Smith (Vn.), Smith (N. C). Spinner, Stall-v.-i,Tth, St»;ven*on, Stokes, Taylor, Thomas, Vance, Waldron, deeii-e to sav in a better manner than by rcternng to secession of South Carolina from the brotherhood of Walton, Webster, Wells, Wlritney, Windam, Winalow, "^Vriglit the first matter to be considered—the commercial rela- States in a condition of good will and good wishes.,—74. that resolution would be immediately proper and Mr. LEAKE (Dem., Va.) offered a resolution that tions or marine relations, if you so please to call the necessary; but when we are about to consummate this when the House adjourns to-morrowj it adjourn, with ports, harbors, and custom-houses. This is a great great act, without the good will and without the good.'Mr. W . H. Conkle denies that the President sent toknow if their rights, claimed in behalf of these States,were to be exercised. It would be well to define its I know nothing more.' I saw the Collector a few rights to be exercieed wituin the limits of her owntimes directlv after the announcement of the election State. The President, of the United States affirms his of Lincoln. "The feelings of the gentleman would have rights, his constitutional duty and high obligation toaaad l»i«. CoiaproMxiHe' -Sc- promptly caused him to instantly throw up his com- protect What ho calls the property of the United Statescession* mission. He didn't desire for one moment to remain an within' the limits of South Carolina, and enforce, afterminutes as a vagrant or pirate; No vessel would ven- South Carolina, and as when that right is churned byture that peril. The Collect or knew. this. He didn't one of our own citizens? And if there be, as is as- doit. He gave notice,he' would' hold las commission serted, property of the United States within the limitstia of the 'State, in place of Frederick Townsend...i m ' Resignation of(5ov. Medary..of South Carolina, when here assembled. He knew that a sudden stoppage would have been accompanied bv the most mischievous consequences. He is pre- pared now, and;he holds his commission under the di- rection and at the will of the Convention, or of this body, of which he expects to owe-allegiance, and. to whom lie expects to owe allowance alone.- Let us pass postal ar- rangements. Mr. President Mirabeau many years ago said, that the fiercest, insurrections were those which arose from the stomach. People without bread won'tThe President elect is grossly misrepresented in bread, in our artificial state of society, is light.. I don t Carolina to consider this property needful of that ma-o>:t during Weed's with interview Lincoln.Moees Grmnell is mentioned as Secretary of theConvention.Treasury, and Mr. Draper as Collector.Seward's declination of a seat in the Cabinet is said••'have the matter in charge.liesolvcd, Thut a commission, consisting of thre6 persons, beelected by ballot of thi* Convention, to proceed to Washingtonto negotiate v ith the United' States, and act through their Gen-eral Government as to the'proper arrangements and- measures to There were eleven new cases of small-pox here oa be made or adopted in the existing relations of the parties, andowing to the heavy rain etorm. Tho passengers arrived heio at 11 o'clock this morning.Fire.OSWEGO, Thursday, Dec. 20,.I860.. The Fourth Ward Public School building'was des-troved by fire last night. The tire was occasioned by an imperfection, in the furnace. Loss $15,000; insured for $7,000 hi the Northwestern Company of this city.ARRIVALS.—TheHons. J. E. Harvey of Philadelphia, J. P. Haleef New-Hampshire, and O. B. Matteson of Utica; Maj. Caldwell of New-Orleans, N. B. Tilling- hast and A. Whitnoy of Waahiugton, are at tho Astor House.Mayor Lincoln and F. E. Faxon, C. Willis, J. Hol- brook, J. Frederick, S. D. Crane, Justin Jonesand O. H. Sparr, Council men of Boston; Com. McKutstrey of the United States Navy, M. do Lionel and MJardct Lienel of France, are at the St. Nicholas Hotel.The Hon. C. B. Sedgwick of Syracuse, Dr. Prioldan. of South Carolina, W. B. Billing of. England, and G. M. Strong'of Florida, are at the Fk'th-Avenne Hotel.The Hon. S. Wires, of Vermont: Col. 11. Hayser, of New-Orleans; J . Reed, of Canada; F : AJ.Merrill, of Bordeaux. France; and C. N. Yearman8>. of New- Haven, are at the Metropolitan' Hotel..The Hon. J. H. Ketchurn and J. V. Benson, of Dover, N. n., n/e sit the Albemarle Houw..J . Atkins, of Engl.-uid; W . M. Rsimsay, and S. W . Junes, of Edinburgh, Scotkmd,. are at the Clarendon Hotel. tII. M. Uossbergand family, W . X*. Loring,,and Jose. Bretos, of .Havana, arc at the Lnfargc IJouee." Capt. Judkins, of the steamship Persia, is at th<\. Everett House.1 . Ill • I !!••. A Woui.n-CK MUKDKUKH .SHOOTS HlMSKaF.—Be- tween 10 and 11 o'clock last night, a number of young fellows, who had assembled in. the groggery at No. 5T» Mulberry street, amused themselves- by pokmg fun a t an old man named Ellis (who wan intoxicated), in con-men, and othcys. A resolution was passed to appeal lfu« lived to the time appointed for man, and rather lowed to exercise its right of secession by the per- ments to cany on the government.beyond it, and I sav, in all the difficulties and troubles mission of the Unit ed States. Other States are prepar- while endeavoring to get hold of one of. t&e-crowd, wasthe case-to England, if necessary, and a petition wa* lie mav have encountered in that ldng'period ol u'me. ing to secede. There are States going iuto Conveii- Mr. Gregg—There is no law on the subject of the tripped and thrown upon ihe.ffoor. addressed U>the Administrator of the Government pray- that thev hide been us nothing to the relief wl:ich he tiomv Provisions might he made to arrest their prog- collection of tbe duties in South Carolina now. Mowill do, wo know what the Pofitmasternthroughout the whatever consequences if may involve, I think it best .tiire to say what laws of the United States sliull be nelius Leavy. S*»T<uewords followed betweea the two»I: says that South Carolina cannot dL^olvo the Unionbythesimpleparageof•resolutionsorotherpassive comeroftheState.'Sir,itshouldnotbedonesud-States? When was.it, Sir, that the Uuited States bear reason; their patriotism is dead. Sir, next to considered it necessary within the limits of Souththat the rights we assume—our .lights—must beConvention, in the face of the whole world, it isour purposes. You can't act until vou are out of theto advert in consequence of the remarks which fellMr. Magrath—1 think the special matter of the ordi- we cease the postal arrangement, which 1 consider a Convention have passed this ordiuance of secession; miderstanding thero is no collector of tho port norUnion. The object should be to make arrangements, from the gentleman on the resolution just disposed of. nance should bo immediately considered. To myand that very shortly, so w to keep up commerce. It It is this—when the -State of South Carolina and this part of the great commercial relations of the country, when in full consideration "of these responsibilitiescan he keep them up until we hear the Govenmient is which are about to,issue, shall it he the determination prepared to eav yea or nay. Mr. President, I have of South Carolina to uphold the position of an indepen-postmust.er now within tho limits of South Carolina.•What you have done to-day has extinguished the au-thority of every man in Carolina deriving authoritysaid I got my information about the \Collector from the dent State, it becomes us, as men who represent the think I might sav the same thing. From a numberI the eye of the responsibilities of. the position. I shallknow, I could say they are. ready: they are ouly de- vote against any action if there is to bo a joint owner-newspapers; as to the Postmasters of the States, I public sentiment of South Carolina, to look boldly in from the General Government. I am in favor of thissirous of knowing from "this Convention what is proper ship, copartnership, or agency of any kind between thefor the welfare and the. advancement of this great. United States and South Carolina. Unless they stand moment and the time when the Legislature may act.TORONTO, Thursday, Dec. 20,18G0. " that at this very moment.ho is prepared 10 puthis for the dignity of Carolina. One word more; there iscommission in the hands of the Governor of the State to he forwarded to the department whenever, in the Opinion of the Governor, through this Convention,.!***<>**Il«Hftaeiii*# al St. I^owi*.ST. Lot'is, Thursday, Dec. 20, i860. Slate are prepared to do. Now, Sir, 1 have a resolu becomes .the people to meet these consequences iu the cohlimted* and what not. The- simplo.act of secessionA hostile meeting between E, B. Sayers^ and Gen.. tion which I intend to oiler t«> this Committee, not largestastertion. It mav he Mr. Buchamuns theineud does not abrogate all the laws. We have agreat many when Simeon drew a pistol, and attempted to shoot navigaOie "waters of the S:tcramento. It :dso propdes Frost took place tins morning near the northern limits nieielv for them,':but to find out what tompomiy of South Carolina. I don't say he is. I disclaim that laws on our statute books, which were passed by the '3teavy» hut by a ringular maneuver b» aliot himself or a zt**l from the western border oi the SoutVTUst. «f the ritv.. After an exchange of shots, attairs were or permanent- arrangements it in expedient to adopt, he is. 1 admit no other conclusion, from the events- Governor and the Privy Council. through the hand, blowing off oue of hiB ftngors,v of Salt Lake to Sun trnn<i>eo, or to the-1'ition M e e t i n g a t C i n c i n n a t i . CINCINNATI, Thursday, Dec. 20, i860.had coufened with the Governor* So that better arouse war with the incoming President. Mr. Magrath not to disturb tho ordiutiry relations, and not until then asked pardon of,the Convention for mllietmg a it had heard what was proposed to be done on the sub- speech.Mr. Miles—We have to deal .wit-h facts and aiern realities. We must prevent confusion, anarchV, andA Union meeting was held at Pike's Opera Honse ject. Some gent lemon suggest un allowance for a Con- Milcfi- -I have not the least idea that the Prcsi- the derangement of our Government affairs. ThingsMr. .ycteiday afternoon. It wasVery larae andenth'i-i- ference of ten days, some suggest one mqnth, some ' dent >of the United Status will send reonforgomontsastic. Every part of. the house was crowded. suggest ft longer time, say ,cwo months, or idler the here. Iu a conversa' ion, and eubswqueiAly in a writ- Speeches were- maOe by W. S. Oroesl><-ck Henry assembling of the .two" .Conventions of our snst'T ten communication, I know this to Uavo been said tomust, foi the .present, remain iji »tatu quO, or confusion willarit-e.Mr. Hi'iyne—Sudden action U injurious.Mr. Chestnut—Two questions''are involved—powetUntitled DocumentSouth Carolina from tho Federal Union have emanated fri>m theStates north of Maaou and flixon'o.line, which use hireling -laboronly; and whereas, it has not been ugainiit the- Constitution oftbe United States that Sooth Carolisa lias opposed her sovereign- 40 t.er cent duties imposed by the Congress of thetution of the United States an the ba«8 of a Prorisfonal Govern-ment to be adopted on the putt of Sovrih Carolina, and anotherslnveboldirigjStuto, which, after seceding from the present Fede-ral UnioD, bhjall be willing to unite with South Carolina in theformation oil a new confederacy; and we do hereby ratify andconfirm from' the date thereof any action taken by aiwhComuiis-sioncr or CoinmiBsionerH, land with the consent of tbe Governor^ fallen forever. . , of South Carolina in the formation of such Provibioual Uniou.forming a Southern Confederacy, with the power to discuss andset! 1H upon a Constitution or plan of Union, to bo reported to saidStat'.'s for their ratification, amendment «r rejection; and that thesaid deputies shall invite a meeting at Columbia, or at such otherplace as may be agreed upon among the deputies of the several him the alleged letter published hi a. New-York States, and shall report to tho Convention such Constitution or' ':\:ih-:' t . . - ' • - . •. . . ,y„: ' ... •:•"•.,1...'',.f. •.• ••Mr. Mateyck said, in regard to the mail, all restric- cers. Let the Collector of the port battle with thedifficulties as they come. - •'.?< ' .At 3:40 p. m.'the Conventioirtooka:recess, to meet at Institute Hall at 6i o'clock, for the purpose of sign-ing the ordiuance.As the, Convention were leaving St. Andrews' Hall.Dec. 20,J. Meredith Reed, late President of"the Wide-Awake* in this citv, is to be the Adjutant-General of the Mili-The steamer Empire State, of the -Fall River route,= > Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 