 fcnsiiu** Notice*.i J. B . STAFFORD'S OLIVE TAILRepublican State Comvrntiosx.mentimportingthat,soonaftercachingAlbany,madeby.this.ponventipxi.FrancisB./^ww**maoufacturergareabletocompetewiththisforeignnecessaryforustostf?anotherWOTA?I?Cheper- .. SaUSSSasaaMB^I'm*Usethi Sgrrstcaria* efgod*s»d( all truth. K lntheabap* Is underttmi!y ' movement fa of theesri e...*; ghesomtb. madespper* nowhrrr wflIfpro-p**ot« txAmong Tatificatio 35th instM.C.,ofJEtepubhea•'frith aeocpoliticLi..." Wh*n A ho to do in co ' h i s Adoriitixcr .' dearer to stre , [Greatappiae that would vo Admlniirtratu)„, -the party of t the Republic! with R*p...»il.that they w ' Slavery,"—Nobo< " Presidentv..with Slave . the instita.\ the Feder power aiid vents its e: Union; innpirit of thHarris is t 'r.jreeultofA nationalize standing ii i and also w11 ^e?ilcon*?q canvass.men eve:y Itwilltea< tion of SlaI Www OUT* TAXU inuun, ItahnsTmg »**e*mlo [odors are brought in direct oontaot with Use lining m«m- fhrsnos fifthrrupt measure^/unless' he vwas paid more for votingagainst it, telegraphed from Bangor, where HandDouglas were speaking, a^di^atiAt.^t^piaCtlxe will be seen'vby the resolution itself, which we hope the plaintiff may live tin he coUeUtt thatT%r<HU, Bnmektol Two*., a W « X ft* Mr-OeUe hemgo.however, to call such a measure one of free trade,^ M S 0 ^ ^ § ^ ^ ^ i to W paid :pnly iu .whole Convention into eostasies. Douglas has subjoin:;. • >..... ;'V"\ ', I #20,00Q he is *aid to be after, and that his lawyer« / the Believing at ono* any pain o r oppcwrioa, sad IwJfaf u y>'; CrROYBR &. BAKER'S CELERRATSD Noisxtxas Sxwufa-MAoanras.T h e B e s t bat U s e f o r F a m i l y S e w i n g . No.*S5Broadway,New-York.No, 18* Futton-at., Brooklyn.WifltKUSR & WlXSOlTS SRWIHO-MACHnraS.- W e prafet them for faxoily »»©^---fXctt^o. «*TlM/w^JaTO«aoa^toiae^-lTfan^ . .OfnoeNo.56*Broadway,New-York.CHEAPEST INSURANCB i n THE WORLD.W o a r e now making, withoat exoeption, the best SAJTX everanyknowledgethat checksweredepositedasMr. We are informed that Charles G. McChesney, Dayton states; in short, has not dehied.that he was;a p p o i n t e d a s a B e l l - E v e r e t t m a n o n t h e F u s i o n p r i v y a n d f o r a t i m e t a c i t l y c o n s e n t i n g t o a c o n s p i r -ElectoralTicketofNew-Jersey,declinestoserve, acytopassanimportantblil,seriouslyaffectingrwares foT sale; Thus, too, Great Britain, whichm i g h t f a i r l y b e s u p p o s e d t o p o s s e s s t h e g r e a t e s tmechanical ingenuity and resources, uses thousands To the Edttot> of The 2V. F . Tribune.CornerofPrinoe-at,fa addttton to their large «tookof rich Ooona, ofier tor «ale a Jm»t—ui(iii«iit oT CifAXiMBiajnu» and OA» FIXTXnuasof every 4—tilnrlna. and oJ the noweat vtyiea, both foreign and do—«aticthegoldmedaloftheCentralAgriculturalSociety. bytheSupremeCourt,waxeverthought of. ItshowsthatMr.'Ken SAJOI ETXKIWUJUUUBUanntotniod by H . C. 8PAU>U(0 JCCO., NO. 48 Cedar-rt.—to have received the deliberate and hearty assent unionitt, as is n o w frequently charged i n Northern papers. I us that the new Wheat of that State threshes out of the Editor of The Albany Evening Journal. I n their wares at Madrid, and other principal cities. am posted on thia point, and I speak knowingly and correctly.A NATIVK GxouGixif.what are really the matters in difference between the Republicans and the Douglas Democracy?Did you ever, in any of Douglas's Speeches (and • he has sometimes made three or four daily of late)- the M. Ame put State ( took bettei.-' those of th 4seededthe - itcan extr; ; 1859, for tl was electe< reviied, am • reductionapractice.of policy a. season up t gust anion *•*totheearn*, is thus con -andtherei amount wilbefore nav practically reap its ben West are do." ©fthe improever, that m xnent have Republican week at Sy, lionsand* I flie very star-Canal ComiThe Leada gall&nt u • Albany Reg•'the repreee the City ha', vengeance •case. Af tToAdrertinern.STIT»K,What- ever is intended fox insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer—not neoeaearily for publica-•IWE***•©*»;'DAILY T&IBIJNE, M O N D A Yft, i I S M H i_ I«H—II-.iVtaiUtieaor fafkmmatioa. -W a a * Oxxrs TAX IS TAXXIC ovoic See**, It forms an aeqwled soothing and healing sirup for coughs and allMesses IMM—M. ^.;'WHI S OUTX TAB,I» Arruam, Ha magnetic «r oonoen- aWeumitv* powers rvnderU a mo*t speedy and efficientPAJW AXWIHIULTOX.Oft** Tor «'• »OT rtfcjfey itaw aof ditcolor.Fifty Cents a bottle, at No. 442 Broadway, Now-Tort, eadby«0 Draggista.J. R. STAFFORD'SIfeos AKD SULPHUR POWDERSAre a soluble preparation o f iron and sulphur. Identical with that existing in t h e blood of a perfectly healthyiper-Unitlag with the digested food,Taarr Rsmrxjuxx AXDFXTBIXT TOI Bxoon,THBT XWTAXI KsmROT TO TKB/JKXKTOIKT K B T IJTTISOXATK T H I L i r a ,Tmnr 9nuan«mux T H I DIQMTTOJT, ,Tvsr Rn«oxATXraxSSCRXTTOS*orTHIBony,An* axaASmoncTOKAUFWCAXJIWnAXanssxa.F5UCX S i A FACXAOB,i t Mo. 442 Broadw»y, New-York, andall Dmnlsta.• E U R E K A SEWING-MACHINES.—Price $50, com-plete. A* an accommodation, can bo paid for in weekly ormonthly inataQments. Rent* paid for machinea,ia money lost. spoDdentin Japan, will be found on the sixth page Omoe, No. 4*3 Broadway. Club* supplied a t wholesale rates.Local sgonte wanted. liberal discount allowed. :come away, but Spinola is still stumping Maine for him, and harrowing up th e feelings of his hearers by exposures of " Black Republican corruption.*^That in Hen of the duties of Customs now charged On the articles undermentioned, the. following duties of Customs shall, on and after the 16th day of August, I860, be charged thereon on importation from France, and likewise from Algeria, if the produce thereof, into». •Vaotory, No. 16 Bond-at. Prrrate antranoe for ladiea. The Dye half so great as that of I860, which is now nearly mppttad ta the iky-Hght rooma.quainted with one indigo planter, in India, whose rect future editions of the Text-Book in conformity discussions read generally, in order that each voter •secured in excellent condition.By the steamer Etna, which arrived at this port, andtheGlasgow offCapeEace,onSaturday,we have twodays later European intelligence,the latest dates being o f the 9th instant. The British Government had decided on having the whole ofthe iron-plated steam floating batteries p u t in astateofthoroughrepair,andmadereadyforim-mediate service. Naples is represented as beingquiet,andtheGovernmentwaspreparingtooper- • Owing to the recent great increase in. the circnlat'on ate against t h e Garibaldians, who have invested.stubborn soil is inverted by Yankee plows. T h e. circle widens every year, a n d o u r agricultural to the writer's assertion that Mr. Johnson is an ableI>r. MARSH continneeto apply hi* RADICAL CURETnoao irtth «oce«ae, i n effecting cnre» o f Hernia o r Bjptare. JLad&M w*Xt»d npoa by a «a_ah> In prirate room*. Bathing 'TnmM), Bmpvrion, Shoulder- Brace*, Soapenaory Bandage*,811kElaatio^ooUnga,Eneo-Cap*.andaDinrgicelappbancea,by KA-aarfcCo..Mo.7v«»-*y-«t..U.Y..oppositeSt.PaaPaChnroh.MONDAY,AUGUST20,1860.of TMX DAXLX TXJOTXX, and the neceaatty o f putting t h e first formofthepaperto.precaatanearlyhoar,wearecompelled to grre notice to o a r fide-da that hereafter ail advertisements most bo handed in before 8 o'clock in the evening, with the »in-.00exceptionofthoseintendedforinsertionamongtheBosiness Notiooa on the fourth page o f the paper. That o—M o f adver- thiamenta will be received oatil a late hoar, bat no others can be taken after 8 o'clock.The Political T ext-Book,The fourth edition of THZ TJEXT-BOOK will be readyDid you ever hear o f a Douglas edition joint debates being issued, or likely to be?o fthoseThe Albany Regency, having completed their TO-DAY,andweah_Hbeabletosupplyallordersreceived^upto littletransaction with Messrs. Hunt, Brooks &Gov. Morgan—terms which in effect confirnted recommend those best adapted to farm use.2. Our correspondent insists that Mr. Johnsonanticipated the decision of the Supreme Court inthe Dred Scott case. Very likely. . But did he party.,then pretend to reconcile that decision with Squatter W e cannot do so well intheHe States with LincolnSaturday loot.opnnoJW or THX PRICKS." Meaaxs. Horace Greeley and John F . Cleveland have com-Co., are now in hot pursuit of the Breckinridge leaders, intent on striking a bargain with them.and strengthened the existing monopoly denied t o our City and compensation for the use of her principal thoroughfares, securing everything to the monopolists, nothing to the" The Grain-Binder of Sheiwood—we shall remit a description of, and shall be glad to hear that It becomes UB successful there, as jit is here.piled a Political Text-Book for 1»60, which all •ponooM who take If the latter are in market, we believe they may an intermt in politics will find very useful. I t is an octavo vol-Sovereignty? Can he now reconcile them 1 Here to u s t o have immensely t h e advantage. Theyhold substantially t h e doctrines promulgated b yumeo£Z4Bpegea,andcomprl»eeaviewofPresidential nomina-tions and election*, Including all the National Platforma over y e :adopted, and violated, and a history of the straggle respectingSlavery i n t h e Terxitoriee, and o f the action ofCongress as t othe freedom o f t h e Public Lands, with t h e moat notable Ticket with the Donglas men, they will take less Speeohea and Letters of Mesara. Lincoln, Oonglas, Bell, Casa than they may secure by asking. If they are will- Seward, Everett, Breckinridge, U - V . Johnson, etc., touchingthe questions of the day; andretorna of all Presidential Elec- ing to sell out Breckinridge for the promise of tions since 1836- It is a volume o f great research, and o f greaterquest from the Imperial Government of Russia for information in regard to the high qualities o f the trotting-horses of the Unijtod States, which havewill not vote for A, in orderto take the State from. B, since the contest is clearly Lincoln against t h e field, and it is a matter of perfect indifference to uaUaefolneaa. N o one can so folly appreciate its worth, we pre same, **joaruoJists, who have occasion frequently to refer to the facta and figures of the past, and who often toil through oceans o f newspapera (hies, they a r e called) t o verify a aontary fact or figure. It is one of the merits of the excellent volume that is here givenbyMr. Greeley andMr. Cleveland, that i t contains almokt a ovmplete history o f Ameri- can pajtte*. and that the materials of which it is composed are mostly such as writers and compilers o f general history do n o t thinkitworthwhile togiveindetail. Bygoing throughthis volume carefully, tne reader can obtain a better account o f the poHtto* of the United State* than i s t o be hsd from the diligent perusalofanyotherbookwhatever. Batit isasa workfor- reference that this Political Text-Book Is chiefly to. b e com- mended. All the importaet political facta o f the laat'ttve-and- thlrty years s x e contained i n i t * pages, methodically arranged and set fotth in order, so that information la gi /en in it, and time is saved by It, after a fasnion that should recommend it to all .those who lotv knowledge or hate labor—and the two things generally go together, as they should- The only mistake we have noted is on the tet.th page, i n which the Anti- Masonic Conven- tion of 1880 la spoken or as the first political National Convention ever held in this country. The >'ederallat»>held a Convention at New-York in 1812, andreaolved to support De Witt Clinton for the Presidency. B a t this is' a slight matter, and w e refer the readet to the work o f Messrs. Greotey and Cleveland as one of rare nvetita, * n d as deserving extraordinary attention. I t is a strictly impartial work, and can be safely used at t h e South, o r. by Northern eonsarvaiivea."—[ Boston Traveller."Weare,confidentthatsolargeanaggregateofcurrentpoliti- cal infocztation was never before embodied in a single volume, and werecommend that every person, of'whatever political faith, who de»iie* to be posted m theae matters, to obtain a copy Stonce."—lOouthBend(Ind.)Begiatex,"Everypeliticianshouldpossessacopyofthiswork."—[Sun- day —tlaa. , .-r Horace Greeley and John F. Cleveland have compiled and juat iasued a Political T ext Book for 1860, which shou.d be i n the hands of every man who takes th e leas-, interest in poll'-lcalaffairs. W e value it hi*hiy for the facts, figures, and documents which we contained therein and arranged for speedy reference. In the selection o f speeches, letters, a t e , the authors may have had Republican interests in view, b u t awide from all this, t h e book l» valuable and worth its price-',—[Rochester Union." This book la valuable t o the politician*."— [Chicago Demo' erat." good things to come," they may name their ownmains a Territory, can "regulate the Slavery ques- hort the Republicans in every Slave State to nomi- In view of these facts, we sincerely hope that tion to suit themselves." Douglas does pretend it, nate a clear Lincoln and Hamlin Electoral Ticket,• ''.-,•A PoumcAL TaxT-BooK yon 1860—Is the title of a doable-columnedoctavo,of 250 pages, just issued by TMXTKIHUNK Association,andcompilea'byHoraceGreylyandJohnV:"peopleofKingsCounty;"and,ifitdoes,weap- Cleveland. These gentlemen are every way competent to get upreach, that he might avenge himself upon theA F T E R8 2 0 , 0 0 0 .A. •.-... ^it', '• '•vention. J>o**dJ«dyl9,1860." • • • " . ' -iHENRY FraZHUGH..JAMES KELLY,B. F . MANIERRE, JAMES W . N Y E ,E. M . MADDEN,D. STRONG, CHARLES L . BEALE, C. R. RICHARDS,T. R. HORTON,EDW ARD DODD,W. A. DART,JOHN WILKIN«SO»N, v8. D . HUNQBRFORD. WILLIAM^ SMYTH. G. J . J . BARBER,H. C GOODWIN,8. C CUTLER, RB.VANV/i•ALKEN:BURGH, S. H. WELLS,E. R . REYNOLDS,E. G.SPAULDING,'TONo xotioe can be taken o f Anonymous Communioatioox.'?'agent" aforesaid. -We have given above only so much,ot Mr. Day-toio's story a* seems to.,stand uncdntradicted,:though Mr. Weed has twice alluded to the* sub-ject. We do not know who is referred to by Mr.Dayton as Mr.;Weed's "agent;" we do not knowthat any person acts in that capacity. We cannothelp noting, however, that Mr. Weed has not de-; constructing railroadsjhas commissioned Mr. Webbtherewith, 3r cwt».•••.••.-. . . . . . • • . . . . . . . fiinted. paisted, o r stained paper hangings, or flock T)OJMjT", *$* fbVtta eees#***»*«*«a**>*e**'*>a*«s<*'****>***ea **a* Gilt, stained, colored, embossed, a n d all fancy kinds,not being paper hangings, 4P"cwt. • a • • • • • Waste paper, or paper of any sort, not particularly enu- merated o r described, not otherwise charged with..t.-•.i 'I!. VRepubliceu State Committee.M i l l b o a r d s , ^f* c w t . . . • . * « * « . . • . • « • . . . . . . « . . « • « « . . . . * . • • * Paper, viz-:I S 016 14 16WM. BRISTOL. JAME8 B . COOPER,checks for $17;500 were returned' to hiln by the; American that the fame of our products and. in-,' ' . / / .Brown paper made of old rope or cordage only, with- out separating o r extracting the pitch or tar there- •ventions is so rapidly spreading among th e older -• from, and without a n y mixture of othor materialsCORRESPONDENTS.nations of the world. Every few months, we learnofinquiries, made by this Government or that,as to the merits of cis-Atlahtic inventions, and nottion, but as a guaranty for his good faith.Businessletters shouldInallessesbeaddressedtoTaxNxw-Yoxx TKIBUWX.W e cannot undertake to' return rejected Communication*.infrequently our artisans are offered great induce-ments to gO abroad. Thus Russia has used the duty, y* cwt.•»•••••••••••••»•••#•••••••'».»••••.•• •• 16 0 is, in case thfy shallbe defeated.*3^•,-.'*,Some hignly mtereeting letters from oar correPlain or coloreo,'ty cwt...........••<.....• ...••.••••« 16 0 Admitted under treaties o f international oopyrtght, ^.The Louisville (Ky.) Courier, an able Breckia- ridge sheet,' puts th e following questions to the'.•'•••"•••'% '$$'£case o f the passage o f the 6ne-Cent Ferriage bill 'j^goesonfosay that Mr; Weed, after a confer-* encewith Mr. James S.T. Strauahan of theFerrywill secure hi« costs as the suit progresses. "law's delay"i» proverbial!'.WHO A R E mstTNIONISTSt** The:'"•." '••': ••••".••,'V ,U**0*JkJ(f«*l iir-y,-—r-'-^---..|l---g---.1:.:j-j.-.-'.[.'..J-^...<y^f-^.'^~—t-^-p..|.r..-•'...i..,..y^.^|i^[;if;i^fl/l^r|-|(rj;xCJW»''W#iiiiJtiJ''L'ir••.-.»*Mz& ''•••,.V-... •m >f^it Q y ^ V.-.v.-¥ f t l t f » Xf £ ,.t.. 1. 1 si.The Rep^Hcan eketort of the 8t*%le of Hew^York ^he had a c o i x f ^ h ^ Weed, Democratic Senator from Bangs, who his a simaar supply, it i i not likely that they will be in * con- son who feels hiroeelf aggrieved in the premises, o riCTreqoeated to choose two delegate* from each Assembly Dis- Editor of TheAlbany Evening Journal, in ;conse- recoid, and who never yet failed to vojte ftr a cor- dition to do so, until some of them have gone to Malawyer, will send us a statement of his griev-trict,tomeetin State Ckmrentioa mtho CityofSyisoose,on Wedneaday, the 324 day of Axis^noxt, at XL^clook>•. m., for Mm purpose o f presenting <»n4iante* t o b e supported for the jfiBcee o f GoTernor, Lieutenant-Governor, Canal Oommistiouet, •Hate Prison Inspector, and Presidential Electors, and for the ranaactionof aoch other business s s may come before the Cou-'quence^of which heplaced a check for $15^000, and soon after another for $2,500, in the hands of an unnamed person whom he designates " an agentance, we willwy cheerfully print it; if he pre- fers to sue us, we must bow to destiny. We onlyCompany, Wormed him (Dayton) tiiiat lie (Weed) Isn't this a nice party to *'rebuke and reform" Great Britain and Ireland, viz:•'•'''-if*• •"could not goi against his friends," wherefore h edeclined to exert his influence on^ the^ side of. theCheap Ferriage,bill,but^went theotherway,and!t h e b i l l w a s d e f e a t e d . I V t r . ^ y t o n a d d s t h a t h i s ;i " Id.Book*, being of editions printed In or since the year 1801,bound or unbound, tyowt..,..........«•.»'»'.'.«..... 16 0Book* admitted under treaties of international copyright,4* CWX............................a................. IS 0A great many n o w profess t o apprehend D f a - union,butnooneevenpretendstobelievetheRe- publicans meeitate i t On the contrary, all the o t h e r p a r t i e s c a l l o n t h e v o t e r s t o s u p ^ o r t t h e t r o a a - didates and oppose ours, on the assumption that,if we succeed, they will or may revolt, while, if tie*triumph, nobody thinks of our revolting. And the Douglas and Bell men claim votes on the ground that they are for Union, while they accuse the Breckinridge party of meditating Disunion—thatmanded the name of that "agent;" has not denied;Or at tbe cptfon o f the Importer:Single, ©aCu. . . ••••#te«aae«aa*«***o**f***«**** *«***,ss*•; ,;;':;:;.:;^; ;Republican profligacy ,?•INFORMATION WATfYBpI t m u s t , b e ' g r a t i f y i n g t o t h e f e e l i n g s o f e v e r y.•nand will vote for Lincoln. Who can assure us both public and private interests, through our State: of American reapers and mowers where she uses np. 169, I "find an important error in your statement of the And if they will not deny this, are they ready t o break uptaaof this paper.-> .a makers of faim implements to sendthithertheir JBotuid. the dozen. *.. ##*. »*>•**«**•0 0'"Anattempt to govern ,th* country,' says the ExecutiveCommittee o f the Union party, ' upon the distinctive and peejt-(1liar principles o f the R* publican party , would bo fatal to thethatthisreportisorisnotauthentic?Ourcommercialreaderswillnodonthepreced-iug page a most instructive ofBleial report, by ble inferencesfrom.these notorious facts are uni-;erhaps The LouitvtiU Journal c a n tell us i f i t agrees with i t s Execntivo Committee in taking this position. Or, perbaps.it cananswerthequestionweputsomedaysagosstowhetheritmechanics; and even English newspapers are Hon. Herachel V . Johnson (Hon. James Gardiner, of The indorsed the position of Mr. Wadsworth, Know-Nothing Bett- printed on American cylinder presses. So, too, Augutta Ccmttitutionalitt, and not Mr. Johnson, was, chairman ringer for tbe State at Isrge, in his speech in Scott County, ntyv, of that delegation) were admitted by the Convention at Baltimore that the election of a Black Republican President would be cease inFrance,cunningininvention,ourreapers,:toseat*therein. foradissolutionoftheUnion.TheJovrnaT*correspondentsooffered t o the nublic. Our safes preserve their content* when William Barnes, esq., head of the Insurance De- versally drawn, and they aire deeply injurious not •XDoaed^to ttcetTtiM. best manner, a n d o u r BuReLAX-Paoo*SAjradedea {he-world. Any one about to purchase is requested i^Tsad examineforthemselves. WxeivaTHXBXSTSAJTXonly to Mr. Weed, but to the great party with whichheisidentified. ItisnofaultormeritofThisisamistake. TheCommitteeonCredentialsatBalti- more recommended theadmission of oofAdelegations, with ingtheleadofthe market, andthedemandfor powertoeachtocasthalfofthe vote ofthe State.. The Con- other American inventions is rapidly growing." vention did not adopt this report; but excluded the contesting delegates, and admitted t h e original delegation, entire. They, however, refused to take' their seats in the Convention—exceptreports Mr. Wadsworth'g speech.".—GentlemenUnionists!pleasetotoethemark! Are you in favor of the Union under all circum- stances? That is just where w e Republioaas stand. £ you are only in favor Of it in case jok (or men who substantially agree with you) can rule it, what is that to brag of ? Are not the Breckin- ridge men just as good Unionists as you are 1;yo*m XJBAirrxoar*T.STXAJUI» it MAKVIW,No 335Bro^way,cor.Worth-at.BARTXETT'S PATENT HOT-AIR FURNACES and by allinterested in Fire Insurance.tions of much that was wrong, discreditable,and odious, in the doings in and about our State Capitolr***A»»H«A TSJU,tb« b«*t to TM*TM**°**,gTM^^ BjMtTurrrAcLnui,No.«»Broad**ray.THE STERKOSCOPIC ESCPORIUM,it. AKTHOKT, No. 501 Broadway. - . . . j, Cataioa^asaeai on leoelpt of ataaap. Fbotograpmo maten&uJbt-aaaetonra and the tiade.„ __— ^ ^ FIXTURES.BALI;. BLACK 4. Co., , Noa. 565 and SOT Broadway,«tann(wjtarea, j' SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.•','*•f• ," '.'••.'Belgium knew nothing about cutting grass by-partment of our State, on th e organization, man-agement,andassetsoftheWall-streetFireIn-suranceCompany. Itwillreadilyrepayaperusal oursthattheysuggesttothepublicmindexplana-.""*> ! •' ''We print this morning Mr. Justice Nelson's de- last Winter. For instance:machinery until the year before last, when one ofNourse, Mason & Co.'s "Eagle" mowers w a sput in operation on a farm in Hainault, nor any-ten o f them, who did not secede a t Charleston, a n d who n o w support the National nominations o f Douglas and Johnson.Suffer me to odd a,few words. From the extract of Mr. John- son's speech o f 7th July, 1848, i n the Senate, which you/have in-cision, sustaining the validity of A . B. Wilson's In December last, Gov. Morgan, after free and Feed Patent for Sewing-Machines, commonly full consultation with his prominent friends,- and called Eough Surface Feed. A s there are many with eminent citizens of all parties, fixed u^on thousand machines scattered over the country, what he regarded as a just, right and beneficent whichweremadeininfringement ofthispatent, lineofpolicytobepursued bytheStatewithre-thing of reaping machines until 1856, when serted in your Text-Book, it is remarkable to see how exactly heMcCormick's reaper, somewhat anglicised,won tooktheposition ofthe Supreme Court decision in the. Dred Scott case—long before such a case, or a decision on the points,We tried to nominate EDW ARD BATES for Presi- FortScylla,inCalabria,oppositeMessina.The privilegeswouldhavebeenmodified,thepublicfar mowers,andforaparticulardescriptionofeach. claredthathewouldnotsubmittothegovernment dent,becausewebelievedthatnominationwould.a*•IJmeasures for intervention in Syria had been finally signed on the 4th inst. The terms have already been published. Breadsturfs firm, and advancing. Consols .93£<©93§ for money; 93|'2>93£ for ac- count.better accommodated, and the City decidedly ben- To further the object in view-, w e quote from T7te efittedinherrevenuesandeveryway.ButMr.Bulletin,andurgethepartiesinterestedtofor-publicanmen.Isthisdenied?Ifnot,howisheEmancipationintheStateandRepublicanismutcommandanything less than an equality on the ElectoralST A TE'POLITICSA N DIHMLICir.Governora n d hisV etoes,and againsttheirown terms.I f theyconsentterms.have little hope of being able to perform, and whoPromising is easy for desperate men whot ocan easily repudiate. O n e thing w e trust theirself-respect will impel them to insist on—that, ifthey are to cast in their lot with Douglas, Rich-mond, Cagger, & c , these worthies shall stop stig-matizing them as Disunionists, Secessionists, & c .If.they don't secede from such company, who who had a pecuniary interest in the RailroadAmerican inventions a n d farm products will b e and, with impudence which Satan might envy, is to be held in London in 1862. The complete suc- " not the people of a Territory, like those of a"Fernando «Tohn Ci:vn other, t n e received i i1vention. and unfa:tl delegates many, lor g by men eac Democrark took it« a::c shame andfriends. I Cagger, Si allies,IX'a It was a mTheIan by cutti!i«; their streps faith that 1impartial p which will like Ca^vr<Though Brooks A C Co. onth^ot •rttoog repttj behalf oi tt ence to the that r o ec Know-Koth the tiekrt. j nation of Las oneof'> prejudic< i» o" in it, "were zens of Iii»] thethirt>-n; ly of Europ^ theIrish uiu; this ticket ielection.Aneffortii > State, to urncan State Co gaged in it 'know no «roi its authorMnearly or qui Ticket two y toforfeitb strengthen U; most effectu Mr. Juslicofapilotn „tried by ta«Violation of liceiae,byConuniseumebelieves that they will from the Union ?"Grante thus made, there is absolute unanimity among the People of our City and State on theI fiThe Albany Evening Journal takes offense a t our printing the following resolve passed a t a re- cent Republican Ward meeting in Brooklyn:" Rttolvtd, That w e desire to express our disapprobation of the course of Mr. Thurlow Weed, i n conspiring with the Union Fer- ry monopoly to oppress the people of Kings County, and that w* also disapprove oftheodium whichhehas'fasteneduponthe party,by the most nefarious legislation which has e?er disgraced thenist< of ourState;and that weindorseGov.Morgan's course.*lobbyandbisassociateplunderers."with a barely decent effort on our part, should not our triumph in th e forthcoming Great Exhibition be complete ?BRITISH * REE-TRADE,ThetriumphoftheChancelloroftheExchequer in carrying hisresolution onthePaperDutiesIs not Mr. J . too much of a man to play a part in this dishonest game of talking Popular Sovereign- ty-and at the same time upholding the Dred Scitt decision?3.Finally,weunderstandMr.Johnsontomain- tain,inhisPhiladelphiaSpeechof1856,thatitis fittestandbestthatCapitalshouldownLabor.We•" to his face" whatever w e may'have to offer on the topics glanced at in the above, we entirely agree in that conviction. T h e Brooklyn resolve would never have thus appeared in our columns haditmettheejeoftheEditor. For,inthefirst place, it is not at all clear to us that what is called " t h e Union Ferry Monopoly" does "oppress theshall stop—th^at if Democrats like Dean Richmond Under these uuprecedented circumstance, the Republicans wilt from the tone of the public press, a triumph of comes near enough to owning Labor under any join In the race with a fair chance of being first at tho winning*and George Law are to run the Legislature of our- party rather than of principle. It is even very social system yet fairly tried; we do not think true post—a chance which every hour may be wade to Improve. L e t|George Law took up his quarters at Albany earlyin the Session, and commenced a series of financialoperations which resulted inthe passage of five orsix bills chartering new. Railroads on terms utterlydefiant of the righteous and salutary suggestions ofward the desired information to Albany. Col. Johnson says:" W e shall be unable to answer thia latter request, unless the owners of the various reapers and mowers will give us a full and detailed account of their machines—the prices at which sold, ice. Wherever this is done, we will forward the account so given, to our correspondent, who wishes t h e information, so that he c a nany less a DisuniohiBt than Keitt, o r Rhett, o r Yancey ?the Natidn, and give us a strong prospect o f suc- cess in Maryland as well. With three Slave States going Republican, i t would be pretty hard to make even fools longer regard ours a s a " sectional"G o v .Morganvetoedthesebills,: 0 f'AJBBOA».People.as,.without betraying his trust and stultifying him- attracted attention in Russia. H e is making the They do not pretend, since the Dred Scott de- that this or that State should vote for this or thatself, he could not fail to do. To our blank amaze- ment; those bills, which we supposed utterly dead, werepassed over the (Governor's Vetb^andthe Editor of The Albany Evening Journal is well known to have been the most active and powerfulnecessary examinations, and in due time will for- ward the report to the proper authorities.cision, that the people of a Territory, while it re- one of the anti-Republican candidates. W e ex-agent in inducing Republican Senators a n d Mem- bers of Assembly t o humiliate t h e Governor andcess of the first has encouraged the authorities and people of England to make even larger expendi- tures and arrangements, and there is no reasonable ground to doubt the presence of a still greater and•'State, have Slavery, or not have it as they see "fit?"—-whenhe knows perfectly well thatthe Cincinnati Platform, the Dred ScottDecision, and the Wickliffe plank in his own platform^practically deny and preclude any right to exclude Slaveryhands of an overwhelming force.'— The St. Louis Democrat^ the 17th, h a s thisinspiriting leader:THE NEW PROSPECT OF REPUBLICANISM IN Bfrs-BOtmi.—Ton days ago, the most sanguine Republican in St. Louis did not dare to hope that Missouri could b e carried for Lincoln and Hamlin. To-day, the hope that it can,be so carried, appears to us by no means rash or unfounded.The manifesto of Senators Polk and Green; the call for a Breckinridge Convention by James M. Hughes, in response to the appeals o f the Breckinridge press; the emphatic counter demon- strationbyTheRepublican yesterdaymorning;thedetermina- tion evinced by each side to have a full Electoral ticket of Its own, with many other kindred circumstances, render it certain that the Douglas end Breckinridge factions will bo found pitted' against each other as two intensely hostile organization*, withina month or six weeks, and thereafter, until the bitter end shall bereached. The Prexldential contest in thi* State will undoubted-lyboattraight-outquadrangular one. Nojunctions,fusion*,ornullifysay with absolute confidence that, outside of thosehis mo* trighteousa n dpopularveto.W eside of thethe legislative hardihood in corruption which over- rode them.W e might speak of other matters which gave a n infamous notoriety to the legislation of last Winter; but the above, specimen bricks will sufficiently indi- catethecharacteroftheentirestructure.Suchlegislationiseithertogoonorstophere. Which shall it be? Ninety-nine hundreds of the-a valuable book of refeionco, and In some respects they have prehend that the Corporation of our city—which;Used exertion* to succeed i n t h e present instance. - T h e workombiacoa a brief view of Preaidental nominations and electlous; charges that Ferry Company $115,000 per annumallthenationalplatformseveradopted,withahistory,fromthe loritsfranchises—risquiteasmuchresponsiblefor shallbeeithercomposedofmenwhosevotescan however, was sustained by its advocates, damagesbysomeperson,whosaysheisownerof, yot,tbirty-fivethouHandlsashighanestimateofthestrengthof Republican side, of the struggle respecting Slavery In the Terri-the"oppression"asistheFerryCompany.Wo eminent men, nke Douglas, Johnson, Cass, Everett, & c., and are not sure that it would be right for the Legisla-not be bought and sold, and hawked and chafferedand blown upon, like mackerel or mink-skins, or ofthis subject a few weeks ago. The resolution, with THE TRIBUNE, has been sued for $20,000 doubt now, that Breckinridge will beat bim in tho State, But the latter as can be safely made, even by his ardent friends. W ofirst,becauseitwasdemandedofEngland orotherwise.connectedwith,avesselsometime nowcometotheBellandEverettmen,ofwhosenumber* that good fajth in regard to the recent since reported in our columns as a slaver. Though nothing but (a conjectural estimate con b« formed. On** votetories:andtheactionofCongressastothe"freedomofthe, public lands,"' with letters, speeches, and opinion* from many,many-prominent menwho-arenoteminent—such turetostepinandarbitrarilycompelthatCom-menforwhosectursetheRepublicanpartyshalltreatyshouldbekeptwithFrance;and reprem-ntsnotonlytheutrengthoftheUnionparty,butalsothe•M Lincoln, Galosh* Grow, Hannibal Hamlin, et al.One useful feature is the return* of all Presidential elections pany, thus heavily taxed, to carry all foot-passf.n- not even seem to be responsible.wehaveseenthisseveral times stated* wo•think greatbody,of the Republican vote. In this city, forInstance, secondly, because «the British policy of Free there must be some mistake about it. For, in the the Republicans gave twice as many votes to the Union candi-sb.ee 1896. I t also has a toleiablj full record of the Disunionopinion* and declaration* made from time t o time by some lead- gersforone cent p e r crossing; w e are not sure hog Southern politicians. B u t t h e general tenor o f the book i s—In the arduous fight against Legislative Cor- ruption last Winter,.the Republican Governor andTrade required this c; owning act. I t was con- first place, none of us are conscious of haying beendate for Governor a* t h e Union party itself gave him. I f thetame ratio holds good throughout the State, and (counting the oldiw v-Kott-Demoeratic,especiallyinit*quotationsrespecting public thateventhepermanentinterestofBrooklynwould tended,ontheotherhand,thatwhentbetreaty arrestedorotherwiseannoyedbyreasonofany H<utcnDemocratsonourside)webelieveitdoes,asageneral]question* of the day. T h e preponderance of matter is to illus- be promoted by such an edict. One result might the Republican Masses had never a cheering word was made it was universally understood that any such suit; in the next place, we think the owner of thing, the conclusion at which we arrive i* extremely satisfac-change in the paper duties was contingent on the tory to the Republicans. Jackson's (the elected Governor's) ma- the vessel in question, if she be (as we trust) an jority over Orr will not exceed six thousand. Gardenhire's voto pejmii-sion of the free export of rags from France, honest one, engaged in legitimate trade, must will almost cover the difference between the two. There i« also a laigereservedRepublicanvoteIutheinterior,whichdidnottrate the action o f the RepuDlloans. Again, in giving an idea of Mr. Breckinridge's record, there is no allusion to or mention of that gentleman's Cynthiana 'Know-Nothing' speech, or Ms fa-from what is regarded as the Republican organat the State capital. The Journal was ominously silent;itsEditorwasgenerallymosteffectivelyatmous 'Squatter-Sovereignty' oration at Tippecanoe, when he declaredagainsttheextensionofSlavery. Thenookiswell* printed,and maybebad atSmllingion's,Odeon Building,and PhiipfcSolomon'sMetropolitanBookstore"[Waatnngtcn (D. C.) States and Union. .** W e have examined t h e book with some care, and hesitate not to pronounce it the most complete work o f the kind ever ia- a«edfromth«Americanpress. Nomao.de«irtngtobepostedin the political history of this country ahould be without a copy; and it is peeuftxjly a book to be sought after l a the present pos- ture of political affairs. I t i s comprised in some 250 paxes o fa W l t>p«, and afforded at the cheap rAte of s>l per copy/^'[Mercer (Pa) D&potch." It wSl ho found absolutely indispenable to all who are inter- acted in the great Presidential contest, on whatever aide. It con-tainsanincredibleamount of data, statistic*, andfacts,andis nevertheless, a volume of convenient ahce for reference. W e have a view of all the Presidential struggles hitherto; t h e state pi* parties: t h e nominations; a l l t h e National Platforms ever adopted; the is*nea that have attracted tno»t attention—the Slavery-OBOsoon. the Homestead, Ate., with the history o f each topic; and, finally, returns of the elections in all the States for twenty years past, b y counties. T o this mas* o f fact* and statistics In legardtopastcontestsareaddedlmportabtdatafortheonenow pending; inJQ repoita o f the nominating Conventions; t h e plat-be a curtailment of Ferry accommodations, espe-cially by night and on the longer and less fre-quentedroutes,which would bemostundesirableandunwelcome. OurimpressionisthattheFulton workontheotherside. Isthistogoon? Ifour notobligatory. Anditwasalsourgeduponthe/ icxm» adopted;speeches of s/i the candidates, andrecordsof State*. Wehaveboredocumentsandrecord*thatsomeoftheprofligacyitisthemissionoftheDemocraticpartytorebukeand reform. [Applause.]"candidate* would give thousands and hundreds o f thousands t o banish forever from popularmemory—themoatimportantspeech• 11 * and writings, not of the candidates merely, but o f representa-tive men on either aide. It is a book of the utmost importance. •ntf we hope it may have »wide circulation."—f .New-Haven (Ct.) Palladium. „" Xbu i* s work o f mnoh value to the Republican politician, and i* likely to prove o f use t o others also."—[Washington (D. C-> Star." I t i* e week o f great value, s a d ahould b e i n the bands o f every psijrMan who would keep poa*s4.*'~{Milw»akoe (WU.)/teeDemocrat." So krg* on sggregate of current political information wasXHnrerbeforeembodiedinsaingievelum*,anditshouMbeeveryThe Journal has called our attention to the subject, wewill-presentitfrankly.Among thosewho cheered this sentimentwas Robert T. Grant, Senator from Sullivan County,strong enough to withstand this blow, time alone can determine. That some suffering and distress will be inflicted by it upon the smaller manufactur-We have meant to be entirely accurate in our statements-; but, as every slaver pretends to be an honest ship, and disguises her black intent so farfyiSM* citC-atod *—d read-"—[Cleveland (Ohio)hettet.andthatasthiswasnotgranted,sotheotherwas andperhapsoneothershortferry.mightberunfor RepublicanGovernorshall,beconstrainednext Housethatasuddenchangeofpolicyinregardtoinformed as it was, pass the bill submitted to it by Messrs. John A. Dayton & Co. ,Judge Pratt, on taking the chair at the late Soft Convention, said: '•'•These considerations, though very warmly urged, slavers." I n view of these deplorable facts, w o velopment o f industrial enterprise a t any poto*, *»*•* ** **S A T A N B B B V K 1 M S I N . •.Republicans."been very slack in their pursuit of Apropos to tills, w e may state that, simultaneously with tho de-• i i•i ' Ifailed t o influence t h e House, a n d the Ministry —But there is another aspect of this matter which the State has been so gross and scandalous a s t o bring reproach triumphed.th1 oint a local Republican organixatiou. Not to Bsssstiea S t . J o -havedonewhatwecouldtoferretouttheslavers, seph.CopeGirardeau, orSt.Genevieve,wRoea*Springfieldin the South-Wtat tho vicinity of th- Irou Mountain and the Pilot"ThecorruptionoftheRepublican partywhile inpowerin trelropinions;and,finally,thelatestelectionreturnsinallthe ^edonotregardwith'satisfaction;and,since ontheveryinstitutionsofourcountry. This,corruptionandthat have recently sailed, from this o r neighboring ; WhetherthepaperinterestofGreatBritainis ports,andholdthemuptopublicreprobation. Knob;andHannibal,whichusedtob*oneofthe8TM*^*;punish Ihe paper manufacturers, Whom he couldw%&m,v&m*Legislaturefor money,-andfor a sumsolargeas oneofhome invention; oursewing-machinesare ctionoftheBaltimoreConvention,inrelationtothe admission Unionuponanattemptbeing made to so govern thecoantrytgard to her Cvnal Finanoas and the competing Railroad interests. That policy w as clearly un-•Vtaticgelern ; THE 3STEIthe decision will be found of considerable interest.AprivateletterfromWisconsin,byonewhohas derstoodbyus—andwecouldnotwellbemistaken throughherConsulatthisport,toAmericanagri- statesmenofthisoranyotherageorcountry.making their way into every town in preference of the delegates from Georgia. Y ou say, i n substance, that one ;renders,preposteroustheidea thatitwasintended half of tho original delegates, or those who seceded at Charles- tobeusedlegitimatelyandhonestly.•Theinevita- tothoseinventedbyThomasandotherBritish ton,andonehalfofthecontestingdelegation,undertheloadofmowers,sewingmachinesandhorse-cars,aretak-inquirer to read the discussions between Messrs. ';:i*E*oryh»dy'ahonldhaveabottle."—[Tribnne. madeextensiveobservationsandinquiries,assures cultural^implement-makerstocreateamuseumofAwordmore.Mr.Johnsonisnot,andneverwas,aDU-thesetwoeminentcitizensstandrespectively,and ,:Bepublicaorort-Offioe addreaa, Box No. 3,800THE IIXUSIV E WIG.—Madeonlyby CLIREHUGH. of that State will not fall one kernel short of Thir- came a powerful element in the combination off nearly alltheprizesat the agricultural exhibition Washwgton, D. C , Aug. 17, I860.even better than the estimates, and that the crop the event, however, he turned against it, and be- At the Cape of Good Hope, our Boston plows boreAn ^ tiro norelty. Parting* b_iiainable— no turning op behind. last Fall, in the face of sharp competition by the Remarks.No.880Broadway,nextA.T.3t«w»itfcCo. tyMillions ofBushels. Webelieve thelargest headedbyDeanRichmondwhAchdefeatedit.The We gladly publishthe foregoing, andwillcor- findahintdroppedthathewouldliketohavethose BATCHELOR'S HAIR D Y E , W ig and Toupee crop ever before harvested in the State was not State was thereby compelled to add to hdr already leading English houses; and we are personally ac-too heavy per centage of direct taxation; b u t in-dividuals made large sums out of the stock specu-lations based upon an early and certain knowledgethat the Governor's recommendation as to Ra lroadTollswastobedefeated. strumentsforincreasingourinventiveOurCityRailroadsengrossedalargeshareofthe abroad.with1 the facts he points out. We make no objection shall know exactly what is the iwue ?application made by benighted old Spain,journals and societies are becoming the main in- man. As a man, we have no word to utter againstattention of the late Legislature. Gov. Morgan, inhis Annual Message, traced out, very briefly butclearly, the principles whereon the concessions for .at Cirencester, England, have come to us for in- unionist. This is ho time for quibbling about newCityRailroadsshouldbemade. Hadtheformation. WelearnfromtheJulynumberofGovernor'ssuggestionsbeenembodiedorheededin I7i6BulletinofourStateAgriculturalSociety,thatMr,anybody-elsewantstheUniondissolvedso thebillsastheypassed,theenormouslylucrative aninquiryhasbeenmadeofCol.B.P.Johnson,monopoly now enjoyed by the grantees of existing in relation to the various American reapers andproud directors of the Royal Agricultural College-i. He.insists that Mr.H.V. Johnson is not &Dis-words. Nobody imagines that M r . Johnson or just say i t !prestigehim. But,asapolitician,wehavethistosay,andwe would call to itthe attentionof" ANativeDidyoueverhearaDouglasman—thoughthey generally profess to hold Douglas mentallytbe superior o f Lincoln—wish t o have a n y one read Mr. L .'s Cooper Institute Speech, or any other ever made by him?" Georgian," from whom w e shall gladly hear As if to cap the climax, of our triumph, the further:7.the walL Precisely how much reason there is.Jrasteboard, tycwt.....->...«..,......»••»«...••.•««••••• 0< Prints and drawings, vfa:talents of ROSB Winans in building enginesandto build a first-class frigate, and has invitedthe OWts I H M n M M ( l « M t n « < i M M H H I M M H « M M M * M M 15 0 vaunted Unionists of that State:.T H ESrn:Inlookingoveryour"PoliticalTexfcBook" 'tinctiveandpeculiar principlesof.theRepublicanpartyfH O N . H E B S C H E I iV . J O H N S O N .i U n i o n . ' W i l l t b i s C o m m i t t e e , o r t h e p a r t y i t r e p r e s e n t s , d e n yHIH Ydtt EVER Withinatwelvemonth,wehaveknownofan;Johnsonisoneoftheablestmeninthenation—thathehasa, HearaDouglasmanurgeoradviseanycandidpower of Intellect capable of grasping and solving the most ab-struse questions of political science. H o is one of the greatest Lincoln and Douglas in order to learn just wherelong as he and his set can rule it. But we do under- stand that M r. H. V. Johnson has repeatedly de-OTISSOITRI-THES O U T H .of the Union on Republican principles and by Re- secure Missouri and Delaware to the cause ofas we could have done with Bates; b u t our friends The Secretary has also recently received a re- is the point on which the Breckinridge men seem willdotheirbest. They willmakeno coalitions; theyMr. Johnson, b u t they hold them consistently.'.'and vote it wherever they can do so without ex- adequately represented at the World's Fair, which goes about from day to d a y asking " Why should posing themselves t o personal violence a t t h emore • cosmopolitan multitude than in 1851.with s,uch a meager show of our inventions, w ecould reap such decisive victories before, why, reported to the Georgia Democratic Convention.chief of the—IfTheJournalmeansonlythatweshall"say Republicanswemeetarefirmlyresolvedthatit 33,seemstobeconsideredinEngland,tojudge consideritindicativeofatruestatesman. Capital acteroremeditatedinanyquarter—certainlynotonourside.State, making i t s action abjectly... subservient t otheir'eelfishschemesandprivate interests,itshallbe a Legislature of their own stripe, politically as the lad he could not whip, w as determined to well as commercially—^that, if they are to have theuse of it, they must elect it—that they shallnotmake the money and fasten upon their political ad-versaries the infamy of such atrocious proceedings.They are firmly resolved that the next Legislaturefrom a Territory.So doesMr. Johnson's platform,alliance* bHween any two of tho four partien are possible in the throughtheHouseofCommorsbyamajorityof totallydissentfromthatsuggestion,andcannot comingstruggle. WedonotImaginethatprojectsofthatchar-broadly charged, in some quarters, that Mr. Glad- statesmanship looks in that direction, but the us calculate the probabilities as well as we may: Tho aggregateu stone,liketheboywhomadefacesatthesisterof opposite. What says ANative Georgianf"vote of the two Jacksons wul not exceed 70,000. That[number, therefore, meuure* thecombined strength of the Douglas and Breckinridge men in Missouri. The movements and counter movements adverted to above, guarantee that these seventy thousand votes—if there shall be seventy thousand—wiU be divided in about equal proportions between the Dougla* a n dHouseofLords,whom.'he.couldnotreach,forWelearnfromsundryofour'cotemporariesthatBreckinridgeelectoraltickets.Informationfromvarioussource* authorizes the assertion that Douglas will jjot get twenty- the'course they saw fitto pursue in relation to theEditor, orPublisher, orsomeoneelse connected five thousand votes outkide this county. W e have but littleratherthankusforourefforts tobreak up the makeitsappearanceatthepollslastMonday week, andwhich nefarious traffic in human flesh, than attempt to on no account c a n b e left' out o f calculation. Claiming, as w e thinkwearefairlyentitledtoclaim,thelargerpartofthevote worry us in, and repel us from, that thriftless cast for Orr,'this reserved Republican vote, and Gardanhiro'a animportantbranch ofdomestic industry,which undertaking. Itisperfectlywellknownthatvery vote,ourchancesforcarrying theStateareplainlynot luferioc gave employment to a large amount of capital, and many American vessels a r e employed in this to those o f any o f the other three parties. W o lay great' weight unwelcomecurtailmentofnightBervice. Wetrust him? Ifnot,willitsEditorbefoundsilentlybut tofiftythousandpeople,shouldnotbeforcedinso onthelatent Republicanvoteinthe$tate. Wearedallyinre- horrible man-stealing; and some of our cotem- ceipt of communications which surprise us with information of•onecent,butthatthewholecouldnotbe,andpay he present exactions o f our City, without a mostWinter to veto such measures as he vetoed last Winter, will The Albany Evening Journal sustainthiswholemattermaybespeedilyinvestigatedby potentlyworkingagainst him? These ques- abruptamanneruponthecountry,butthata poraries(buttheyknowtheylie)fromdaytoday thoprogressofRepublicanismincountieswhichnobodyat** &an able and upright Committee or Commission, and tions the Republican masses a r e everywhere ask thattheLegislaturemay,uponitsreport,do ing. WhatisTheJournal'sanswer? whateverisfairandjust; butwedonotatallregret that our last Legislature did not, imperfectlylonger time should be given to consider the subject assert that this business is largely carried on byinallitsbearings,andfurtheropportunityal-lowed'toFrancetofulfill,ifsheshouldbesodis-posed, her implied pledge as to the export of rags.distance would imagine contained a single Republican. W e »ay nowthattheoxiontoftheKree-Labormovementwillnotbo appreciated until the returns o f the November election are re- ceived. Theimmigrationforthepastfouryearsha*boonstronghold,oftheSlaveryPmpagandMa Nottiu>leastoonsplo. nous o f the delegation, which participated in tiie great demon- HtrationatSprtngfleld theother<Uy ^ f * TM * ' ^ * ^HsbuibsLand a leading agitator for one-cent ferriage. H e whose vote is recorded in favor of passing the City ers, is unquestionable, though the actual duty as possible, stoutly protesting her innocence if im- ^hfRepublica... of Mi-soarl will^orefore » TM ^ * « L JMr. John A. Dayton is a Brooklyn Alderman,wentuptoAlbanyinthatcapacitylastWinter, RailroadbillsbeforeandaftertheirvetobyGov. removedisonlyaboutfivefarthings. Thismust1peached, we may have been deceived in some oasetaking with him some $20,000 of City funds, of Morgan, and of nearly or quite every corrupt inevitably be *o,4if there IBany force in the argu- or cases, and fixed suspicion on a vessel engaged crisis, tbst every omen and every event should Inspire thornwhicji something over $10,000 never returned, ment of the friends of the measure, that publishers with renewed vigor and resolution, The break iu the Democratic jxeaeure of the late Legislature. Isaiah Blood, in legitimate traffic; and it does not alwaysan- rank, discloses a vista beyond, on which tho light is atrtammg.thoughtheCheapFerriagebilldidnotpass;Being SenatorfromSaratoga,whohasasimilarrecord, ofcheapnewspapersandperiodicalswouldbe swertotakethemerewordofaninculpatedahip- Throughthatwideopening,theymayperhapsmarchwsoUdcalled to accouxt in the Board, he made a state-*qu.re, uncbatructed sad victorious, and outer mto posaeastou. isoneoftheElectorsontheDouglas-SoftticketIgreatlybenefitedbyitspassage IftheEnglish ovuerorskipperiuself-exculpation. Canitbe And*ourstrw^th,beItremembered,camvrtbe?*pr****duw.'-'•vKt,-.^:.-':Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069/ Untitled DocumentT h eUnitedStateslEd."Blackfunctionaries a t this port have notoriously large, and, politically speaking, almost exclusively of on* fluaMy.that Mr. Lincoln, if elected, win govern the country 'on the dla-Weneverdid. Ifyouhavebeenmorefortunate,••-T h e significance of this on* fact should not bo over.91 ,JJ •aimreviewoftheir.ituatiouandthecharacterofthe presort calm review <.•'•, . www.fultonhistory.com 