 I*I i.1•>1•< i •'V.;1Ij i31 §),1 •1| -;a -aTo the Associated Press.Sttamtse tfcrttfus.MMMMMfWMAto convey an invitation to Garibaldi to visit En- bill of the Committee, we find that the JapaneseTnv.BfeSTCOMPROMISE.—Ifamancannot af-bocredited,thereinaiwtgnofterrorinthecities»m&>:vAN*,thooxten*ivcClothierofNo<-,.&and6&V&Um-*L',he- Jeo» to thi* hurthoirvwi of t*mt»v«*». U * <•«•«• soiling hln Un- "-.•.^Mwiwt WIM*X UWTMt.NU aud SCXNtsuiaoMooesatRrtUrcd, Thatwcdeprecatothospiritofdisobedioneetothe Constitution,wherevermanifested,andthatweearnestlyrecom- GEKT»' HOLIDAY H A T for young men now mend tho repeal of all statutoo by the State Legislature*, in conSeparate meetings of the Pennsylvania and OhioMr.Wrade'streatmentofthewaraspectof lorto-right,totakointoconsiderationthepreeentcon- fact.Butiftheselawsaroreallyrepugnanttothedilion ol the country, and what course they will take" Constitution, they are utterly void, and tbe Courts intbopresentcrifis. . woulddeclarethemtoatanymoment. ThereforeI1 Le House Select Committee was in session four am glad to hear Senators ou the other side eay they do honis to-day. If is represented that they have gone not complain of thece bills. Your men nave given upFASVX boxxa.LoKain*,»AC»,tec-,&c,auitaolefvr i.oL>OA\JfiiXSKNT*.themisdailyimpressingitselfmoreandmoreonthepublicmind. ThewholequestionofSe-cession, practically speaking, may very likely clusively that there-could be no war unless the turn upon this very point. South Carolina islockedtobytheSecesionistStatesastheleaderofthe movement, and accordingtohersuccessin it will be their inclination to follow herex-ready. .- GK»i>'ahataudKurdtorp,No.513Broadway." F U R S , FUK», YvRS.—GKSUiy No. 513fllctwith,andinviolationofthatsacredinstrumentiandthe laws of Congresspasted in pursuance thereof. .',Also, on motion of Mr. Lovejoy (Rep.,IH.)» thefollowingwasadopted—Yeas,124;Nays,none:Whcrtai, TheCoa»titution'oftheUnitedStatesisthesupreme law oftbe land, anditsready and faithful obedienceadutyof all good and Iaw-abidiug citizens; therefore,hfUrrd, 1batwedeprecatethespiritofdisobediencetothe ample.ButsolongasCharlestonHarboris Constitution whereTor mftnifeated, and that w e earnestly recom- held by the Federal Government, and the rev- mendtherepealofall-Nullificationtawsjandthatitisthoduty enueandnavigation lawsoftheUnited Statesthequestionwasmosthappy. Hoshowedoonrseceding States declared it against the.Federal earnefctlytowork, andtheprospectof somethingac- this bone of contention, this matter of complaint,Broadway. IUMJWX*BayS*bl«»U|*«.Aiaiia,»uaC«£f«.jkusa 0»v«-. .»»uu». ait«t Cud.-, Cuiidmu*h'«r«inSot*.,, ,,Government. ThetimehasfullycomefoxmenofMr.-Wade'sceptabletothecountryhasiu)proved..Caleb Cusling, whose presence wasrequestedinWas! iugtoD, wasinconsultation with the President this morning.SecretaryThompsonleftthismorningforNorth Carolina. It is understood that, though he favors the recessionoftbecottonStates,hoisfriendlytothewhich Northern menhave setforth asagrievance moie than any one ele. ,Mr. MASON said thajhesaidthe repeal of these laws would furnish no satisfaction to the Southern States. .•> ,Mr. W ADEr-I understood the gentleman to eay hei Oenta'>ur..C-pr».i^Uara.\>lovv«, aadSlai^hRoboa.'•"•". *•:.- 1 Mb <*KKAT. KUSH. TbeBargakiooflt-r.ui>yiM«LA*>a.D*amLCo.,arecreatinganiaonM.««e mli«;iwiiu i . w k ui tnvir advortlaeiueut iu tno u r y Cooa»eolusuuviuupote«,uvMlvd,"LouiparotbotI/U.t-»."tamp.Special Dispatch to T h e N. Y . Tribune.J.ftVP.gland. The results of the expedition to ascertain had $300 worth of secretaries, $3,654 75 ina di«turbance. Flour quiet, but steadier; Wheattoo extravagant; some of the charges are extor-less than they were at first, and tho process .of Senatorial efforts. The occasion Was great, and better "result than attended the experiment of citement? I will tell you what I suppose it is. £ doreductionhavingbeensosuccessfulthusfar,we thespeechwasgreat. ' •'<the New-York consultation lastnight, which notsomuchblamethepeoj.leoftheSouth,becauseI tl ink tbey have been led to believe that we, to-dayt1j«7w F A T B K T liAtK-L»KKiSlN'G AlACHINK Ibr of tbe rrettideut to protect and defend the property of tho United are duly enforced there, what does Secession DrcAiiuc Lmtiifo' JLUu iu live uituut-*. Jfrice +'•>•> »ixii, »', Status.The following resolution, offered byMr. Morris practically amount to? The necessity of takingdidnotknowastheyhadbeeninjured by'them. leaumptibn of the relations with the others, when tho Tbeee laws were not intended to excite the South, orHt/i-tDAY ifRfiSBKTS.A V»»»RU^» *<. Vvit*oj» SKWiM6-MACHt»K, at tho reduced against 44:. .these forts andofthus rendering theharbor un-tenable by the ships-of-war and revenue cuttersof the United States would put the Secessionists the hour of meeting, and even the cloak rooms, instructions are deemed to be such as will enable him say, because tbe subject occurs to me, that the Senatorpric*-*- "**d uiih t«-o bow lUiprovouieuU, will prove amontac- Ot"fCwi»'presenttoutuutitat, wii«*.j»itter,orfriend.uaio>No.f/>jtroadway,N.Y.AT.liLTAILijbAli* llit;ol.sTOFDfiCEMBKR. V. ai-.»_:r ..f- A o fmund a surrender of Fort Moultrie, Major Anderson's any of those of which you complain. And here let tne(Dem. of 111.) was also adopted by a vote of 115Rooived byti\*Hou*eofRepretentatitxt, Thatweproperly estimatetheimmenbevalueofourNationalUniaotoouroolleo-towhichadmission is usually prohibited, were toretainanhonorableposition. fiomVirjriiiaseemsnotsomuchtopointoutanyspe- to thetest. They would hositate a longtime Tbe Rev.John ChambersofPhiladelphia,opened cificacts'thattheNorthern peoplehavedonethatare^U*t, Ot LANDKUmtrilRatAAOou>JK«».-<*><«ue.x,iMaH:ITMUIXOSnnmvAU andofwhichafullreportisgivenonanother5 f«C emit, and L»UH<-M.I IU yvr otuit Iww ttuut any OIIKJI hou*« page of this paper. Its calm, luminous, and awkward predicament. k-toootay. AO.»'; KnUoa-nt., near Witliaiu.the American Army relative to the necessity of sup- plyingtheofficersofstudfortswithprotection,was takenup.authoritative statement of tho principles and pur-Tltussfcs.—MAii»u Ad. UO.'B Eadical-cure TRUSS*&o«, No.KVM«)->t.vA*t<>rfetousa),opposite thocburcb. aila. poses of the Republican party, its exhaustiveK*a»tio {Hocaiuv* lot >ut.um Vatna, attoulder tfnoe* aud Sup- defense of that party against the calumnies which port««v, UMI ui»potMMt c?u»t^Miaor> oaudaga*. A lady aUouoau thave been circulated here in the North, and have yocotdtaKtivnt w tivaiporkidneys, BOLLUVIAY'I P i t u u o a thence caused alarm and excitement throughoutresolute, in tone. A t the conclusion M r. W ig- fall complimented him upon his manliness and sincerity, but said no compromise was practica- bleuntiltbeRepublicanssubstantiallyabandonedlution for the repeal of the resolution of June 15, forthereliefofWin.H.Do(Jroot,whichwasre- ferred to the Committee on on Chinos.l'Nowt.ALL HKOPAACAL COMPLAINTS—Whetherpovitiw ou<«. m.wM.»w(,*(iiur yo»ur» iuvo boaxi curod by the Southern States, its powerful common sense, so much to secure this delay, and to impose a their free speech and free press.Mr. GREEN (Dim , Mo.) moved that WednesdayandThursdayofnextweekbesetapartforTorn- 1believeotallmenthosewhohavemadethemostofci<OMO r*xu», w6«n «>\r>o ^UJIIW u«u tailed.l$ATOt*.fcJLAJK^ liAiib L»ia,.—KeiutOle,fiariuioo»a itselevatedpatriotism, itsfirmnessanditsmod- degreeofcaution,evenonthecoureeof South MR. JOHNSONNEXT.PNI taatantaawou», t>i«oa of tfrawo. Ir^mozj, No. 81 ife/otftj-i*.8aM ann *i/p4i«d «t fl*wi»uiii'i Wi< raotory, 10 SoaaV-ai TOWMt CLD€A», lft<»ULATORS, AND OFFICBto impress this speech with the importance necessity, if she wishes to carry out her projectsfcCJBJai • tho Basse acoorato tuoeaeepors in tbo world.dramKY it Co., No. 4iT7 Broodjway.of a great public event, and to make it, as itwere, the starting point of a new era in our cur-rent history. Those who have begun to despair,of the Republic may gather fresh faith from the Buchanan in withholding a competent garrison,who is now understood to have modified some of his views.'" """" " ' »' ' -'"£>ECKMBER 18,tn honest view to guard tho rights of their own citi-, ens fiOBIunlawful searches and seizures. I wasex- Mr. HAMLIN (Hep.,'Me.) objected to the bill, be- eediiigiy gLd to hear Seuatois ou the other side say Judge Black wasnominated and confirmed causeitwouhik-utiU>arevisionofullthedecisions. hattherepealofthesebillswillnotrelievethecase words of the Ohio Senator. It is especially while laborers are employed night and day iu promptly as Secretary of State, the Republicans He was willing to have a new Commhwou to examine rom thedifficulties—audi have heard it everywhereTUESDA Y ,1860.interposing no objection whatever, upon the ground .that the President had tho right to select bill.evertattbywhicl Wiit for any. Ku n.av work youan winch means sir r ruin this Goven m do not like your liked themany e solved the-Unto .' t precisely where w as a matter \ 1 it is outhold upou it"vti thing in the ch:i you com]lain / never violated tionofdutv.'W will? Now,tl Government .in:• eV brought it to t. 0 v belieri.-& it was ti yonr hands, h.-n» j If this is so you plain, when we ailuse of that victca l l . T h i s b r i n p - UH The first day of ihi resolutiontointj'n sectioin:, andthe difficulty. 1 t' culty. As to com| the day ©fcornpr;* solemn we•ia and where.Lad a statin thi^ IS was swept away 1 the minority I *t*« hold your hands; -1 Section*—what wu an act of Congttifi i<imemajorityw and trite in law, aj promise*. >»«.woi the manuei inI should think h emtio party, coul" ecu'pre n ise brought about a: sclutely ridiculo <nn one of those piiuci;le«i of the xsxywe.net'atdthe same. Tlto the pool1 vlly in the u in ice of o u r prhici tbe Governmenr oughttobebroi:j xuotf. and w e oui on theplainest ;>:to the ''Ameivan | e l>est—and now, wl von that our cwida iciuister the G»»v< ngoes have done. I* enable to us if we I weehowldlaya 11« it <x<w<* to thai iutervenes andvi' 1•hat human ima.- a-pou such a c»y.wouldlosethe!•'•> dentedc>nthisft rule. 1Vnowcyeathatwitht!and s'andinti; onwere elected, 1 'TOft» anrtes osaa o«fa*****of AMOQ/UIOUS Couuuoclcattosis.Wsoaasnoincdenako *o return rejected ConuaaolcoUona.Ta» Advertiocra).mity lor which I gi\e him my thanks, has stoou forth to testify that, in the State 1 in part represent. Repub- licanJudges,CourtsandJuries,have fuliilledthisre- pulriveuuty with perfect faithfulness, and so said tneOOk.tt£StOSVtCXTB.WhaV»»w U u.wuuw> torltaseruwb must bo MtUiouUcated by una of the Democratic Executive, to see the Republi- his imperative duty, to betray the fortification*A TTORNEY -GENERAL.Mr. Stanton was not sent in as Attorney-Gen-eral, owing to his absence in Cincinnati, and noBasuo us) »*MIH*— of t)ie wruer—uoi necessarily for puotioa- doo. Uuv •* • <tMU«uitj tot M* good faith.I v i s i w ieiieis «notu«i ua all oases bo addressed to T az Nz'W- Yo«& T)UH«»a.can leaders standing firm and immovable, up- into the hands of the Secessionists, but that hi holding at once the Constitution, the Rights of meant to give them up strengthened at theex-*fA Bnutod numu*! °* Hdvert«jecuv»nte will be re-ceivtKl ixx ine*rti©u j»? T"*- TK*»»*"S. ALXASAC lor 1861.trie*,&operpage.AddrtwI, yjfsTH*; Ti* ' » How-York\popular institutions a farce and a ruockory.capture,/viii close at a quarter to 10 o'clock tomorrow Boole & Co. to see where so much money is morning. , said to have gone.The graud total is not so stupendous as at first A great sympathetic meeting is to be held this figured up in the Common-Council by a littleing it. This was the whole tenor of the speech made by M r. ©'Conor, who presided,, and who proposed in substance that'Slavery should be es- t a b l i s h e d i n a l l t h e F r e e S t a t e s , o r c l a o t h a t t h e Unionshouldbebroken up. Butthe character of the meeting is indicated by another circum-connection with the forts at Charleston and theunder this Coveinment, nor any iadividual of them.Theielore. it is manifest that thai party have as yetcommitted no act of which anybody can complain. Ifany one has fears as to w hat may hereafter ensue, theya r e m e r e a p p r e h e n s i o n * — n o t h i n g e l s e , A b a r e s u s -picion—afeai—rising outof unwarrantable prejudices. Sir, you come from Olio, anl tuey don't iuo^uire what 1withtoascertainintheoutsetwhetherweareright, partyyoubelongto.Manyoftheseac-tshavebeendone for 1 tell gentlemen here if they can convince me that 1Mr. Rust then presented what hecalled theulti- resisting entreaties, bribes, and blandishments,tent, and aopiehcndtd there was no cause to interrupt In other words, Mr.Lathers is at heart a lutions, andMr.Adrain presented onesubstan- iheharinouoUHcourteoflegislation. I didnotlearn'••"•*"*•"••••"to, end he nrd< Chief MegT«»>t could do BWHMr. 1VF.KKnight doinjn: * lat^- theCont-f'tr Mr. W AD L -Senator stiid. fiora lis youth right to draw ec the right of ai supposition it dice, nothingel f«.r about a we*; v e r y I w w l y d r s you at all". £ mental tojonr i witnpaciffeiidun * W« u switchedoff,a- >our doctrine.toMr. POWKL attention to th he justified it.Mr.WAbti idiffer.Heth*nja d e c i s i o n g i \ ei and on a precedetie South,viz.: theexterwonof theMissourile* hhw invest iu our o:' KNOX'S Fashionable Vintor Hots, HOW telegraph are regarded as satisfactory and en- printing and stationery—almost enough to set up MAGJEET1C TELEGRAFliv Compromise line to California, with the recog- reign of terror in.Paris during tbe French Kov..lution. > athefea»ibility of the projected ISorth AtlanticH.;;„^nn>w-Bortlfea-trutnwrofi'.roadwayao4K«Jton-^t.,and nitioif"and protection of Slavery south of it. WehearofNorthernmenbeiiJ#sentback,orscourged •fk.mueic,$500worthofsteamboat,and$72375in the pu«b«L*& wiH lxupaftw rt.uch efeft&oce, style, r»nd persons! at- couraging. Fears were entertained of a general a newspaper. O n carriages they were particu-trae*u.etotint"«««!t<iMtoanswerlacpurposeofanowholiday"rig" complete. No*choapiit-s", rrualitT, corafvrwaudooauty, rising in'Little Wallacbia. Tbe Archbishop and larly hard, no less than $7,854 50 having beenlargotoWnsoftheSouthShatlooksverymuchliketho<^4 toirot«r>e»ti*«».•»*««"*»'or*h*approaciinrfestiveseason;K>ox'"pr«tl«ti»c«a'»!'»«•**•'«•*l*ouuoqviJca-TlIE PANIC.•' Stawl from unth-r—benr thoe.wh1 'IteholdI»llisgnoto+*r-<•,;•>,"JUnji> nUoul the wild ft.ul rtv<i:.** S o i l a t c o s t , a n d a p a m i a v e W , ; . YOH'U uuake a «ood iuterrat," Is th« cry of all too res*.. SPresident of the Council had been arrested atJassy, and twenty of the principal merchants ofridden away.The bills were ordered to be printed in theadoption, even in the Committee, which reflectsW ASHINGTON, Monday, Doc. 17, 18G0. the most moderate sentiment of the Republican sponsible for these outbreaks of passion. If the State*Orajona hadbef*\killedbythomilitia during minutes. Wesubmitthattheyarealtogethereide. N o action w a s taken on M r . Davis's<"••• -ita tnM,k ot j'kM, miiXuiL, «l ptio^t avijiu* «:<>UJI«3U tion ; that w e regard its perpetuity as of more value than the Government the Secessionists will be utterly de- ple had been deceived by misrepresentations ©f concurrent sentiment was the maintainance of the ti.is Government in their own hands. I may say theseti«/»j, aa lio> rtovA u.u^t to WO«M.«-«J out l>y ««• *Jth ol J.MIU-ITJ. ur. yOJ<.Ato.:fif7r>ro«uw«y,."W-COUJJtloor rroui WabM <t.ten.p*rarytriumphofanypartyoranyman;'thatwhateverevils barred from taking on the character and func- the aims and objects of the Republican party, or abustsexistunderitougbt tobecorreotedwithinthe Union,inapeacefulandconstitutionalway;thatwebelieveithassuf- tionsofanindependentState. Theywillbemost mainlybyNorthern Democrats,wasextremelyUnion and enforcement of the laws.gentlemen who have raised upon this floor their bill of iiidictmeut against us, have Oeen too leaders of the dominantpartyloryears;therefore,ifthereisany-iiiE^oot u.">x.*i*x.HOLIDAY Jtr&txkziie. Lcieut power to redress every wrong and enforceevery right effectually coerced without any necessity on the effective, especially when he introduced the re-XXXVITH CONGRESS. thing iu the le&irlatiou of the Federal Governmentt AUaudupwaiu.SENATE....WASHINGTON, Dec. 17,1869.Mr. CLAliK'b (Rep., N.H.)resolution of inquiry, ki.ow the charges have been made andrung i:i ourOiMtMM &-tiAXXK'a No.4VJt>:ondway,N. Y.OHJS TM« r>K»T.that is not right, yon, and not we, are respdnsiole for it. Weneveryethave been investedwitnpowerto control the legislation of the country, for an hour. Ithe Republicans, charging that they designed to requesting the President to inform the Senate what ears that w e have been unfaitt ful to your I? ugitive number of men were stationed at Forts Moultrie,and Slave bill. The law is exceedingly odious toany freeinvade the rights or institutions of the South, Sumter; whether, iu his opiuion,/the number was people, and deprive*- us of all the old guaranties of lib-not nijuied anybooy, but lie comuLJoed of tae public sentiment. He knew it was imj>oesible to r.eclui<n a slave in nine cases out of ten, and they risked t-ieir'l'ME JLADD A , Wbi«>TKi; SKWUCG-ALICHINE maybothulioi >uiy Uuiuaa.un>-, *v »II.U». &.Co., No. dCO Droadwttj.We are authorized to state that a-letter pub- sionists. They would be reduced to the alter- lished in The National Democrat of Cleveland, native of making war upon the United States, orof sending commissioners to Washington to en- were forcibly exposed. They stood, he said, sol- sufficient to delend those forts against any attack ordomectic violence; whether additional men had been sacred than anyUingeh-e.BARRY'S TKlt;i>l'Uh.lu>t^ lt» UlO Irt-StrtUtlotlcapoal Ohio, purporting to be written by M r. Lincoln «rt<Oio lot l ^ w ^ i ^ AMXuuuy.u4. Gif-i'.iutif. Curtiut{, Prtievrvuixemnly pledged not to harm a hair of the head of ordeifedto either of said forts, or any steps taken to Mr. GREEN said perhaps tbe action on this law hadgrowing out of its organization or pertaining to its proper fune- tiin*;andthatitisapatrioticdutytostandbyitasourhopein peace and our defense in war.•part of the United States to fire a single shot, cent speeches of Messrs. Douglas, Fitch, andunless it should be in pure self defense, provoked Pugh to prove that the most prominent chargesby a wanton attack upon the part of the Seces- were wholly unfounded. Other calumnies againstSECOND SESSION.deavor to patch up an arrangement.FOR CuRte'iMAj? iKKr-s.—FANCY ARTICLES, has not written and will not write any public The States which are expected to follow the were also pledged not to extend Slavery an inch custody the arsenal at Charleston ispluced; what arms»r<i iUtatoraufUw tMi: iiw»4, tij U. dold by l;rujif.:»to Mr. Ewing, is an imposture. Mr. Liuoolnthe South, and they would not do it. But they put them in position to resist any attaca; in whoseC/-9II>(NI>. WMWM, n/>-w.. H*tXJt». C'OH^CCOFMK, iSCC,JCC.>OC . N o o i r M . ' > » • • , t'.oi..:U »'..«.>»y. rioKlud Uyttol". OMLMIK,CI'.Tll>H'> jbkUM«, MM V/iO<uii, OtC., OiO. Wll^'AJt TATWH.Bf.<K)fl,-V««vlu.<.»»). also.Opendu<l.i*tbrrvtinLuguntilJan.1.TlfiB Slra«.\»oA.^r»v L.MI UKIIM, Wholesaleand &•*<**.—t., AJTtfev»i. 1*0. **•* Utomd^mj.MB. WABVE'8 GREAT 8PJSECU. The earnest attention of the whole public isSouth Carolina only succeeds, b y her act of secession, in throwing off the conveniences of tbe ' Union, without assuming its most weighty obligations, then other States will hesitate a long while before putting themselves info a similarthis bus ever been refused; and further, what instruc- rob and steal. [Applause in" tne galleries. The CHAIR After what had been witnessed, heretofore, in tions have been given to the officers of Buid Jbortsin said the galleries must be cleared if tbe applause againregard to compromises, he thought the day for ea&e of a demand to surrender them by any person was heard.]or authority made upon tLem; also, the copies of any Mr. WADE—-Never mind, let them cheer the Fugi-them had passed, and he was not disposed, inthe Correspondence between the Couimander-m-Chief ot tive Slave I.aw if they please.CMaiof-u*. —.. «<•• • ^ ^ »/ stoaipw Fbotograpbiomatertala certain to be given to the speech which Mr. for awsteuTB«MU«jr urawwaWade of Ohio delivered yesterday in the Senate,Mr. MASON sjid ho should insiVt on order if the in- dignitiestotbeSenatedidnotcease.Mr.WADE—Thiswouldbeapoorremedyforafree man in humble circumstances to oe taken under the predion of this bill to be carried where ? Whore hoFifteen thousand additional copies of the President'* came from. Then he might be carried into the market Message and accompanying documents were ordered. plate anywhere in a slave State, aud wht$ cnanceba» Mr.^WlLSON (liep., MJ.HJJ.) introduced a joint reso- he? Ti is man may be kidnapprd and carried intoletters whatever.•influenced bytheresult of herexperiment. If ofofficersoltheUnitedStatesuponarequisition, orif nomoreobnoxiousthanan\iucaseoi.scouudreliwhoIt seems to be agreed on all hands that what is now most needed is. delay, time to consider and reflect, so that whatever is done shall be at last a deliberate act, and hot the.result of pre^ cipitation,passion,orpanic. NothingcantendrMr. BROW N (Dem., Miss.) objected to its consider-RECEIVEDBYFrom WaalaiiigrtoiL.SpecialDispatchtoTheN. Y.Tribune.a d v a n c i n g . C o n s o l s 9 3 J < 3 > 9 4 f o r m o u e y a n d a c - t i o n a t e t o t h e l a s t d e g r e e . \ S t i l l t h e y a r e m u c h w a s t h e m o s t a b l e a n d e l o q u e n t s p e e c h o f a l l h i s f e r r i n g t o - n i g h t , b u t w i t h n o p r o b a b i l i t y o f a n y w a r i n o n e d a y . B u t w h a t h a s c a u s e d t h i s g r e a t e x -count.In the House yesterdayr the following pfcamble do nOt see why the Board of Councilmen, who It was bold, yet not offensive. It contained John Cochrane succeeded in having summoned, the dominant party, who are about to take the rcinaof coatoimanufacture.Bvbuyta'sgood*atthepn-watdeprecia- andresolution,offeredbyMr.Adrain(Anti-willhavetoactuponthemsoon,shouldnotputallthatneeded^tobesaid,andlittleornothingwith-aviewofcarryingtheschemeofTheGovernment,aretheirmortalfoes,andst^ndreadytotion. ,:.4 «c»ttiu* the »*u^« aju»uta«un!d at tho present deprecia- tiono»labor,boesareplacehisstockr.tareductionoffrom25 t«<» jercentfromu»»prlceaofbOdaysago. •_ jHOLIDA YS.Thebe**pJaootoputcka-oaPVKKarticloofCAifcoV,Scoxucia>GJ.A*«..*M«-!«T.CaxprMA^rrAcroitT,< o i i . « r C u A U i l H - r ^ . i n t i r J u r t a o n - s t s .AS tho article* puttfe***** »i uu» estabfi*habe&t »re warranted Turoawlrrvvirou.aii«aunonitioo. Establishedin1SV5,Sth«forniorotbanMityiear*oee«.celebrau-dfortbesuperiorityofiU awuuUcuue. t^ik.kjL\ tt Ou. nrr dot*rniiaed to keep up with good and law-abidingcitizens; therefore, the tu.-uiaxid, but our au\ict-1* w call r-nrly aud (tot *npptiod>AlbanyArgus,if.practicable.trample their institutions under f«a>t. They have been toldsobyourenemiesattheNorth,anathey_would not hear us at all. Now, 1 wish to inquire candidly, honestly, and f;irly, whether the Southern gi-ntlemen who complain so much,Lecomptonmotion of John Cochrane; including in the recom- few times more will fetch them into somethingDem.,N.J.), afteramendment,onthescrewsofcompressiononalittletighter. likereasonablelimits,saydowntothe $30^000thatoughtnottobesaid.The galleries were crammed, and every passage-LibertyAmendation therepealofallPersonalbills,socalled,wasadoptedbyavoteof151whichtheCommitteewereauthorizedtoexpend.especiallywaslistenedtowiththemoatprofound <TbePresidentpenttothaSenateto-daythenomina-haveanyreasonablegroundsforthatcomplaiit—Iwaythronged. Theclosingpartofthespeech a t t e n t i o n b y n e a r l y e v e r y S o u t h e r n S e n a t o r . T h eWASHINGTON,Monday,Dec.17,1860.t i o n o f A t t o n . e y - G e u e r a l B l a c k t o t h e S e c r e t a r y s h i p o fm e a n w h e n t b e y a r e r e a l l y i n f o r m e d a s t o o u r p o e i t i o n .Y e a s t o 1 4 N a y s ;Whereat, SheC*n«titutionoftheUnitedStatosisthooupreino CHABLE8TON HARBOR. impression left byitwasofthemostsalutary Senatorsvotingagainsttheappointment. Noother LibertyBillsinsomefewoftheNo.-tbern.States,law oftbeland,andiureadyandfaithfulobedienceadutyofallwhichwouldsomehowtrenchupon your ri^htatore- captuie runaway slaves^—a position that in more ton Harbor byaforcecompetenttodefend cessionwouldbekilledinitsswaddling-olothes. delegations,withoutregardtopatty,havebeencalled thantwoorthreecapeejaaanottheleastfound»ttioniaIMr.POWELquestion.M». WADEquestionoflav Mr.POWLI.llewer. Hewan Vor of &rnid <•:.Mr. WADE Deesinthisen*•Mr. POWELMr. W ADL d anylonger.Mr. POWELI eperi.ic ti>nfj ii 1Mr.WADF- have nothinx "-e TheRepublican ticnlar, hold the regard to this p*. civilizednation lie sentiment fr Italy, or any otw tell you frankly 3are m love witn Seratorfrom'£<:i couldoverr.de,b and con.pel men Earope. I wili fcerh'ous8ubje«it fully of their tlizo with 1]Therefore,Iho *hat "Cotton i*nations aud ,b;h willbedor.e. B plaintstomake0 thatwedidlaydhibit, if we h^. t otherinchof:r« Istandtheretoc ofpeople,proba have coicn.issiou heip me God! thin docirhe to Conventionofit< •have any riJSht peculiar inriiuu' platform rjepudi any right, < your institution you complain of? ernment. You1 blotd out ol a na that which-we «i you bejustifiid v. take so mensirom suspicion ? We c it before.today ' ago. But all "at gloom, and gentle ofbreakingupltd are going to ce they ' look impl "you can pre You have not you want done. the people and v butyouwoulob fromT-xas(Mr.' Senator from Geo;intimared that Charleston pinttor placed, and ^iv.j u you wvuld gruujriMr.lVERSON readlisspeechbei tad not said the; thing.Mr.WABKr*»u< :n The GU>U, t a act on the part f <iovernment WCH that it would n<: you are not gob»^joing to proceed u night. I havecbthe Republic*n •>•'. ~\Xeheldtonod-x* Inconvenience. V Jti>not,then.The importance of holding the forts in Charles- character. A few more such speeches, and Se-everlasting Slavery, and does any man who lias a re- gardforthesovereignrightsottheStatesrisehere und complain that a State could not make a law to protect her own people against invasion and eeuure 1eration, its courage and its wisdom, all combine Carolina herself, as to place before her eyes the Mr. Johnson of Tennessee has the floor for orial business. Agreed to. these complaintsare the last who would rit»e here and The bill to carry out the existing treaties between deny the power of a sovereign State to pro-of waging, not a defensive, but an offensive war against the Federal Government.Mr. 1VEL&ON (Dem., Ga.) explained that the ob- ject was tu pay the claims aguiust the Mexican Govern- ment out of tee moneys in the Treasury appropriated by Mexico, acioroiug to the treaty.The course at present pursued by PresidentSECRETARY OF STATE.cheering in view of the weak complicity of the strengthening the defenses, looks very muchAdministrution in the treasonable schemes that like a double treachery. I t appears as if he notare now plotting on all hands, and amid the only intended, in violation of his oath, and of his own advisors. crumbling ruins of tho so-called Democracy and what he himself confesses in his Message to belb'atthepeopleoftheFreeStatesareunfaithful inex- cuting the Fugitive Slave law. It hasbeensad, imder sueh circumstances ho;e, that, idt 10 igi I At 1o'clock, Mr. POW ELL'S (Dem., Ky.) resolu- was sure as to my own State, yet, I coul t not tion was taken up. ise to say I uid not believe a word of Mr.WADE(L.ep.,Ohio) said: Atatimelikethis, what tbey were sa)ing. I never dil and never when there seeins to.be unusual excitement, I have -cculd, until our enemns here rise in their places, veiy little laith in t i e efficacy of any argument. B u t and, with a magnimity I commend, have said this w a jInAifctsay,when,inthisverychamber^wherewehave notso. Mycolleague, (Mr.Pugh), withamagnani-direct communication having been received from the StateR, and the sacred priuciples of Liberty, pense of the United States, and put into the him since his appointment was proposed. He isall iait,eu our bimas to Heaven and took an oath thatwe would sustain the Constitution of the United States,wehearitsiidbymanySenatorsthatweareupontheeve ol a difcbolu«ion of "this Union, and that your Con-stitution is. to be.trampled under foot, silence under frtnator Irom Illinois, (Mr. Douglas), and so I uuder- such ciicLmttancfcS stems to bo akiu to treason itself. ttood tie Senator iroin Inuiaua (Mr, Fitch) towithout which free government is,a delusion, aud best condition.for resisting any attempts at re-now expected on Wednesday.THE CHARLESTON FORTS.upwasMr.Richard'Lathers. Mr.L.isaSouthpointedtocurtailthecharges. Theysucceeded Carolinian,andinaletterrecentlywrittenby adjournmentovertheholidays,becauseofap-Mr. Corwin's Committee of Thirty-three was in squeezing the sum down to $105,000, lessin session nearly three hours yesterday, but with- than which they declared they could not consci-out reaching any material conclusion. The prop- entiously go. The public did not believe them, " I received my firstrnilitury commissionfrom the lamentedosition of M r. Waiter Davis to amend the Fugi- but the Aldermen passed that appropriation. Iu Goveinf rButler; and I simii always be r«udy to respond to tuo call > f bis bucccss r, should the State need her aosent sona to aidtiveSla\eLawwaudiscussed and laid aside. theCouncilBoard, however,agallantminority, inthedefenseofhersoil."::^ m m m •:••••••••NEW-YORK M Y TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 18, 1860.T H E L A TEST NEWS,! J K the course of the proceedings, M r. etricken down? But what is the caune of thisgn-st excitement which undoubtedly prevsiiU ia ••-'">.*: ' ^ . * f l * >Rust presented what ho called the ultimatum of a portion of our country ? tor, if the newspapers are toto-morrow, though Mr. Douglas rose to obtain it, he Ui ited States and Mexico was taken up.ect her own citizeus aguiust any Federal Lej.itlature whatever. Then liberty bills have been maoe, not with a view to degrade the Sotit'i, but wit lhim to a gentlemen in that State, makes the fol- prehended possibilities in the South which may now, and ever shall have, that sense .ox justice tuatlowing significant statement:; require its. presence.UNION SAVING..when any man shows me 1 am wrong, I shall be ready to right it without threat or compromise. Now, what is it of which gentlemen complain ? When I loft mymatum vt the South, aud which was the exten-sion of the Missouri Compromise line to Cali-fornia, with the recognition and protection ofSlavery south of it. It did not, however, meet priation, last week a concession was -offered in. of man to head Union meetings in ;New-York 1 . Liberty bills" which conflicted therewith. H e 'therefore, 1 came here expecting we should have a"with' much lavor, and was likewise laid aside. the shape ofa further reduction of $15,000, mak- harmonioussetsion. It is very true that the groat expected by this move to catch Republicans, but liCpubbcan party, which has bven organized ever sincebravely .staged the consummation of the swindle.traitor to the Government of the country, and is tially reaffirming the obligations of tho Constitu- that there had teen,.tince we aujourned, any new factAlterwaitingmonthsinthohope,ofseducing undervengagementstojoinSouthCarolina,inher tion,towhichMr.Cochraneofferedanamend- interveningthateonidataildisturbthepublicmiud. 1 cid not anew that there had been any encroachment•one- of the minority into voting to pass the appro- threatened rebellion. Is this just the right sort ment for tho repeal of laws known as "Personal upon the rights.of any section or any individual,ing the amount $90,000; but it did not succeed. Yesterday Fernando Wood added to his al- was caught himself, as only 14 votes, were re- you repealed the Missouri Compromise, which gaveTheCityofColumbia,S.C,wasshroudedin Theitemsweredemanded,butpertinaciously readyloftyreputationforunblushingaudacity.- cordedinthenegative,and151intheaffirma- _>oulouryearsagolullwaningthatiisstrengthwouldsaythisbywayorrecrimination,1knowtheexcite-result as it has retailed, and 1 suppose anv man night gloom yesterday, accoruing to our telegraph re- withheld, and it really appeared as though the It will be remembered that the reason which ho tive. When M r. Lovejoy voted A ye, there was have supposed things would have resulied" iu the sameport. The small-pox is raging there with heart- thing would not get through this year, at all. gave for removing Mr. Stout from the office of a general explosion on both sides. Subsequently way—it is true, this party bus carried the election;sickening violeuce, and also at a time, too, when Last night, however, the Committee, in the City Chamberlain, to make way for Mr. Piatt, Mr. Lovejoy introduced a resolution as a .set-offbui I do not btippose anything growing out of theelection is the cause of tho pretent excitement in thetheLegislatureisinsession,anewGovernorwas BoardofAldermen,presented theitems, which wasthatMr.StoutpaidnointerestontheCity fortherepealofallnullification laws,andde- country. Now,whoisitthaiiacomplaining? Isitto be inaugurated, and the Secession Convention w:e print elsewhere. They foot up to $82,- and .County deposits. Yesterday Fernando coolly claring it to be the duty of the Presideut to pro-the minoncy that they have subjected to an oppressiveandarrestiveGovernment. Nosuch thing as tuat, was SO meet. The Convention assembled, and t'SZ 73. * / told a Committee of the Board of Supervisors tect the property of the United States. This Sir. Wo ni&ht sujipose that 84years ago, when thethe jfey was occupied in enrolling the members. The Committee carefully abstain from stating that he had made no arrangement with Mr. Piatt was also carried by an overwhelming vote, butleaders of that glorious Revolution met iu Philadelphia,The oat-side attendance was small Gen. D. F . the amount of these bills, as originally presented; , to pay interest on the deposits. JamisonwaschosenPresident. Aresolutionto perhapsitwasnotconvenientlorthemtodoso..there to draw up a bill of indictment against a weak many of the secessionists and ultras declined king and lis ministers, they had been at a loss what goingupontherecord. When tbe Housewas tl.eywouldsetforthasthecauseoftheircomplaints.Bui they had no diffieulty in sotting them forth, and so^<fUin to Charleston, alter debate, was carried. The Messrs. Lelaud take the largest slice, claim-Tbe steamship Bohemian, which passed Cape choice particulars. F o r the board of 7G rice- The piece is put on the stage with the same regard to a series of ProTSlavery resolves, intended to biippeso the old patriots had been the Ministers of thescenic proprieties that has made commendable all the Ciown, or members of the British Parliament of the break the force of those previously adopted. A dcuiim<nt party that had ruled Great Brituin for 30 vearoJ>ec.7.Thenev-smnotofanimportantchar- day,forprincesandmenialsalike. Wrhata IMrteT. Thesitgeof Gaetawascontinued,and complicationofgout,livorcomplaint,anddys- irve batteries had been opened upon the place. pepsia, these simple people must have brought onTheRichardofMr.Forrestdoesnotdiffermaterially fromhisperfonminceofthesamecharacterfouryears ago, and now, as then, there is no personation of hissoTHECRISISCOMMITTEE. Thepublicshouldunderstand thattheCrisisNIBLO'S GAROKN.—Last night, at this house, Mr. in the best possible temper after these declara-ing $by,tt>4 05. From their bill we select a few Forrest. n;ade his lust ap}K)arance ua Richard III. tions, M r. Crawford of Georgia brought forward terity to justify them lor all they did. Let us, then,Uace on Sunday afternoon, bring five days' later eating Japanese,, for 13 days, they ask tho modest Europeanintelligence.Herlatestdatesareof sumof$17,91051,orabout$18aheadper season. ,: ..efforta.of thestage manager during the present divisionwasnotreached.pre\ions. Insteadofdignifyiugw'hattheydidasrevo- lutionary,whowoulduothavehangedeverymanof themastraitors?Theywouldaskwhatrighthave you,whohayohadtheGovernmentin'yourown i.uics, who have been Ministers doing everything that hub been done, to eet up hero that ) ou have been op-Committte sit during the meetings of the House,The Count of Syracuse had died suddenly of themselves by consuming $18 worth of luxuries devoid of merit, so thoroughly unsatisfactory ia every and are excused from voting, lor which reason pressed and aggrieved by the action of that very Gov-comprcmise in :'.0 Vpart, as his liichard. sultsGeneralehad.openedat Naples, andthe whatmustwesayof the threeNavalCommis- TheBuckinghamofMr.Fisher,theRichmondofen-mcut ? It would have been an act of treason, andnothing lese. Nowt they who sit here the leaders of Henry Clay, of blessed memory, with his dying breathhave a right to-*x' ubuoLte iight, hi testowuponan> full tittle to'the oft there, we cannot anyotherverapoplexy on the 4th inst., at Siza. The Con- eveiy 24 hours. But if the Japanese were lavish, Ooverazm;nt explanations to it had produced a uioners who had them in charge^? Their bill forMr. Conway, the Catesby of Mr. Ilarkins, togethertheir names do not frequently appear in the proceedings. That Committee metlateto-day, and were in session three hours, without reach-thismodemrevolution,aretheyiuapositiontocom- bin of the action of this Government for years paa»?assertedthodoctrineweholdto-day. Why,tnen,are we held up before the community as violatois tf your. rights ? It is late iu-the day to accuse n* of harboring theseopinions.Then,whatdoctrinesdoweholdthat are comihiinedof ? You dou't complain of our Liberty bills. You don't comj lain that M r. Lincoln is a vio- lent man and will probably do tuiy injury to yon.with.tbe two ladies of the drama, enacted by MadamegoodimpresBiou. Gen.Bonodekhadinspected 13daysis$2,120,orover$54*adayforeach PoiiiriandMrs.Conway,areworthyofhighpraise. inganymaterialconclusion. Theprincipaldis- \Vhiiy,theyhavehadmorethantwo-thirdso£thisSou-tho Austrian fortresses of the Venetian quadrila- man! which, to say the least, is rather a modest The Louse wasWell tilled. , • cubsiou waa in regard to the order of business, ,ieraJ, and had cautioned the officers at Venice style of living. For ball and supper, $33,803 is the South insisting that the questions which theyplanate lor many years. You that complain, represent but little more than one quarter of the free people of tho United States; yet,you have prevailed forten years*u«. Yon say. countrv. W i ft*•rentemen on believed if beentieotherihreatened di-i\ wasanhonestv tionlailllully•1to prepare for the eventualities of an energetic charged, and the further sum of $7,472 31 for SHAKKSPEaHK.—The licv. II. N.Hudson will deliver regarded as mot-t vital should be taken up first. .prut in the Cabinet'of tbe President, and in the Uu- The Senator from Georgia (Mr. Iverson) told us -debase. TheKngliehParliamentwastomeet decorationsforthesame. Wesupposethese thesecondlectureofhisconrw\atHopeChapel,i.iiis Finallyitwasdecided,toconsiderMr.Wiutor premeCourtoftheUnitedStates,andnearlyevery hebadnoappivheusiouMr.Lincolnwoulddoanyact*department of the Government, Those who voted in violation of the Constitution. onthe5thofFebruary. A'deputation,including latteritemsareputuponthesameliberalbasis evening.Subnet:"AsY/ouLikeIt.".Thotirntlec- Diivis'epropositiontoamendtheFugitiveSlave withyouhavedictatedthepolicyofthe.Government.two ZKcmbcrs ofF&rliauicnt, i»s been appointedJ us the bills fcr board; referred to above;Inthe.tureWUHattended byalargoaudverybCleetaudience.luw, which.wus discussed andthen laid usido..'> .:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069lbithotstrangethat those vfho"occupy thisposition tome here complaining that their rights UUYO beeaMr. 1VERSON tu.idhehadsaidnosuohthing.Mi. WADE eiidho understood the Souator to say'>Tbeindicationsweredecidedlyunfavorable toitsandtuned and-feathered,andru>inquirymadeinre> gard totie cause. I donot 'euppwe the regular Gov- fn;mcHt, intimesof excitement like thw,i*re.rilyre-where these outrages prevail were a foreign govern- SENATORWADE'SGREATSPEECH. ment,andiftheywerereallyauthorizedby'theconsti- Mr. Wade's speech to-day was a smasher. It proposition. Several of the delegations are con- tuted authorities, t\ci}booy Jcnowt-, if it were the strongest government in .the world, we would declareiTho House was occupied the whole day in home in tht> Went to come to this place all. wad savingtheUnion. States we'recalledforreso- ci»Lm,cLeertul,andcontented. 1heardolnodiscon-Untitled DocumentState, which was confirmed, abont ono third of the non-inationsweietram-mitted.The'Northern Democrats have said wo have PersonalWASHINGTON, Monday,Dec;17,1860. MR. W ADE'S SPEECH.nou-elavenolding States content to give such Conatitu- to put them in any poeition of degradation, as the Sen- Senator Wade, to-day, attracted one of the tionalguarantiesasmaybeeatisfaetory. atorsupposes. These laws againet kidnappingareas largest audiences assembled in the Senate this Itisnotaipielendedhere thattheiewill beblood- oldasthecommonlawiu-elf. I believe tneState of session. The galleries were thronged long before shed. Should the ready men of South Carolina de- Virginia has one to-day asstringent iu its provirions asti\ e and individual happiness; that w e cherinh a cordial, habitual before, •with the means a t their command, crowded with the fair sex. H is reputation as an the House with, prayer to-day. He retorred to the injurious to yonr property, as eoraetiriug he takes toridimmovableattachmenttoit;thatwewill.speakofitasofth«> palladium of our political safety and prosperity; that w e will they would venture to assail these fortsable,manly,anddeterminedleader,whowasac- eventsinSouthCarohna,andimploredthatcountrytoi . MVxtl.AL l-v*«w.« OWIM W'ATCItJW,CoormWbig,a«reat v»*iei> oi weuuouiru"* """d i.aUi**' vvat':hoa, watch its preservation with jealous anxiety; that w e will dis- if garrisoned and defended by an ade-customed to speak as he thought, gave at thissitiveonthatsubjectasanyotherman,if I knowmy- At a meeting of the Pennsylvania Delegation to- self. I would be the last mau who would advocate:WiUipiaui,f-u4t»v.u,outtiiiOitHl,aauuuuuoud•;A-.«-oytuouent countenancewhatevermaysuggestevenasuspicionthat itcan, quate force. Should they make such an particular time more than ordinary interest to night;includingthetwoSenators, Thaddeus Stevens anylaw,oranyact,thatwould huuniliateordishonorP/.IU.AKD&LJlAKTIK, inanyevent,beabandoned,andindignantlyfrownuponthefirst theeffort. Hefulfilledthepublicexpectationin alonoabsent,thefollowingresolutionwasunan- anysectionot thid country,oranyindivid- No 21Malukuuaiio, (upnuurn)N.'Y. ^dawningofeveryattempttoalienateanyportionof ouroountry attack and be repulsed with severe loss, as imously adoi-ted: ual in it; but, on the other hand, letliAJTEK^,l)oi/'i'»AM*S>]HfoKS.—lirttues',Mawes',Boy«i", ami iii»»iu**'. **o>»' *i.u »vutiw' xtaluior*! CiuxupoU «owu l^tMKa,vrr>tuit>»nfciv.»»«MtttiJicUu»wear. Jt'riocnvoi/*ovri'orr«'>xA ; RnrvoLOM,GKIJI'JJ5ALLCi^iiNKANDOTHERFURS. Tht<who«f»»ivtoaaviiuoui^ov«r,moujiU-j^i^utwioa»rfbisfrom the rest, or tnfeeblo the sacred ties which now liuk to- would mo*t likely be the case, they would then coming up squarely to the occasion, without the Rekolred, That in our judgment tt is the opinion of the people me tell, those gentlemen I am exceedinglygetherthevariousparts;thatweregarditasamainpillarintha edificeofourrealindependence,thesupportoftranquillityat home,ourpeaceabroad,ours»fety,ourprosperity,andthatvery liberty wiich w e so highly prize; that w e have seen nothingin thepast,nordoweseeanythinginthepresent,eitherinthe ekctiouofAbrahamLiuoolntothePresidencyoftheUnited States,orfromanyotherexistingcause,tojustifyitsdissolu-learn what they seem now completely to shuttheireyesto,thatitmayrequiresomethingmorethan an ordinance of a Convention to separate aStatefrom theUnion. WiththefortsandtheharborofCharleston,inthehandsoftheFederalleastindirection,andwithsuchcandorandcour- ageascommandedcommendationfromeventhose who differed with his positions.HisreviewoftheissuesinthePresidentialcan- vass,andthemannerinwhichtheSouthernpeo-ofPennsylvaniathattbeCouatitutionolrightsofallsections should be respected and secured, that all tbe laws should be faith- fullyandpromptlyexecuted,andthatthe UnionoftheStates, tbeConstitutionaudlawsoftheUnited Statesbeuiaiutaiaedsensitiveonthatsame p«iat, whatevertheyautyr think,audbadrathersustainaninjurythananinsult orcishonor, andI would beasunwillingtoinflictit upon others as I would be to submit to it myself. ,1/and property are there kept, or, if removed, byexample of South Carolina will be very much into free territory, and they would stand by it whom; why said aims are not put in jpoesetsiou- lives if they made the attempt. He thought the hiwface of the recent verdict of the people, to beg forrightsguaranteedbytheConstitution. Al-together the speech made a decided impression,and was considered on the whole temperate, but ation, and it was hid over.theclaims. Hemovedtoamendaccordingly. Mr..BAYAHD (Dem.,Del.) objected totheeatireMr. Clark of New-Hampshire offered a reso-. We have listened to compLints on tne other side of Late said. Therefore, this calumny is removed from ItoughttobethoroughlyunderstoodthatthelutionintheSenateto-day,whichwaslaidoverthischamberpatiently,andwithanardentdesiretous,sofarasthestatementsofourpolitical&IOHT AT2/ASTfAt length the gfeai mystery of the Japanese Pine street meeting of Saturday was not intend- at the instance of Mr. Brown of Mississippi, ascertain what they were. ButI coulees I am unableenen ies can do it. I know our Courts feel themselves bound'to" administer the laws just as they and them. Let me say, to gentlemen ol"the Senate on the otoer side, where you have lost one slave by the mifaithful- teee of legislative tribunals, we have had ten men. muidcitd by your mobs against law . 1 cannot take up a Southern pater but 1 read of men who travel lor businei-b, b u t you wait upou them by some Committeea n d t e l l t h e m t o r e t u r n . A n d w n a t i s t h e t a u s e ? W a y , .over $42,C£& Originally the Committee of Re-evening at the Cooper Institute, to aid Garibaldi«uid the cause ol Italian Freedom. Distinguished ception demanded the modest sum of $125,000 tospeakers are announced, but the cause is one meet their disbn.raements. The public protested stance even .more plainly than by its proceed- %vhieii needs no commendation. against the outrage, and a Committee was ap- ings. The person most active in getting itam holding tu,jy political principle that is not warrantea Ly tbe Constitution under wnich we live, or trenches on their rights, they need not ask me to compromise, lor1willrediet-stheirrightsmyselfwhenIamWrong. NomanneedapproachmewitnathreatthattheGov- ernment is to be destroyed, because I hope that I haveuniier circumstances that would disgrace a sav.-tgo. W e ha\e no security iu traveling neatly one-halx of this Oonlcderacy—eapcci-llv the Gulf States. I don't care wh.at a man's character may be. and if he never vio- lateo'anylawunderheaven;butithecome*fromthe North,andesjethllyiihehasexercisedLispolitical rights and voted for Lincoln instead of somebody else, ii is an oftanse punishable by indignity, by stripes,una by death. And you, whose constituents are guilty of all these things, can stand ny and accuse us of being u n - fftitbful to the Constitution of the laud! I'make the assertion here, that I do not believe in tne hisCoiyofthoworldthereever.wasanationorapeo- ple where a law so repugnant to the general feeling wase\%erexecutedwiththesame faithfulness asbaa been tlis most repugnant Fugitive Slave Law. Y ou Lave a law in South Carolina by which you take the tree dtizeiAS of Massuchtnetts or auy ottier maritime State and k v k then, up in jail under a penalty. Ir the I>oor ma.n ciXnnot pay the jail lees, eternal slavery stares Lim in Abe.face. It is a monstrous law , revolt- ing to the best feelings of humanity, and iu conflict with the Constitution of the United States. Idou'tment pervading tbe country, and I do not wish to add a single coal to the hVrne. Nevertheless, I wish the whole truth to appear. Then, what is it? You havo tbe whole legislation 0!f the country; you own tbo Cabinet and the Senate, aud I may add you own the PresidentoftheUnited.Stages,usmuchasyouown the servants on your own plantations. But I can't see why Southern men rise up and complaiu of the action^ of_ tl is Government. I have already shown it is impossible to point out auy acts ' of which the Republican party have been guiLy of which you can complain. Therefore 1 understand that Senators who justify the overthrow of thht Gov- ernment, who would break it up and resolve it into ito original elements, do it on a mere suspicion that the Republican party may somehow affect their right*. Now , what doctrines do wo hold detrimental to youT Are ive the Bettors forth of any new dovtriue under the Constitution? I tell you, nay. There ia no principle heldto-daybythegreatKepublLanpartythatha*not hadthesanctionotvour.Governmentformorethan. seventyyears.You-iiavechangedyouropinions;we standwhereweusedtoeiaud. Wostandoathe Slavery question in the ilace formerly occupied by the most revered statesmen of this i.a h n, every one of thtm, Washington, Jefferson, Monroe, Adams, Jack- ton, and Polk inclusive. And that levered stateamaa,ed to preserve the Union, but to help the cause to understand what it is of which they complain. The that, if answered honestly, will expose tho whole party which has lately elected the Presideut, and isentertainment is unvailed, and the tax-payers ofTiie mail* for Europe, by the steamship Asia, i the city are graciously 'permitted by Messrs. of the Revolutionists who are engaged in destroy- indefensible conduct of the Administration in piotpcuively coining into power, have never heJdoffice••••' • » • I . , . . .refusal t o send reenibrcements. T h eare perfectly understood, b u t officialis neeufid to let the country see the flagrant complicity with treason on part of the President and his Cabinet.THE HOLIDAYS.The feeling of Congress iflagainstthousualmain facts verificationrthat great article ol impeachment will go down to pos-••be delivered from the boreon of disunion. be a dishonor and a degradation. I tbiuk I feel as sen-AlltheOhiodelegation,SenatorWadeandRepre- neverdoeithertbeoneortheotner,ifIknowit. sentativeWadeexcepted,werepresentattheircoul'err Bot1havealreadysaidthesegentlemen whomake enceto-night. Thoughnoresolutionwaspassed,the tbeeecomplaintsna\efora longseriesofyearshaderty that tbe Anglo-Saxon race have considered more • • •« .www.fultonhistory.com 