 >«• can •ooe5Wi*e14*mruMita Aa. Tarawluutra)SaaH«ust*oPatP«rtbtstbcin BtTnB .ivrn opsisj&nxTo., fMtki of Ex-Mayor Miekle, Clinton BooMYtrt, Br. Stephen Haabreuek, Fenelon Haa-But I really emldn'l h*ar its humm nf;for ab.TO it there waaruung a rear u > »s*-!l,aad 1 knew that the peovle were a eosaio^ !Oh I pull off your aoat, hi1 tecktd to the "wtb, aa a matter of C3nre«>, But 1 tell yea too sigh. *ns oeuu&i'&^g.lor I saw Old Brown oa a new Woeiy Boras, Aad 1 thengat that Bar sum waa a coming.Ob! pull off your ciat, ac. But, I saw such a crowd tn ear Untea gqaare,Yo»a *><x*<:u,g in* n lof-aim or the Texan people,rtwibear bim coL-qurrinv m;u tt. freaiflenual COAT Tajtaccas •ne ioc- » ihni-t orgar zatrn All that wewant lath-rrm union of the pf>pV, »i-o are above ail conventiooand ih'ie'en c^cihr to item. He concluded by readm : 'tbtrki .iitHiit) be w u :t»>. any attempt at toe .'o.,(. *j.jt i cni.o «i a i hixwcK, and CeoUre that the— OBaTTLm. «taTwwhTwTwav l». Oaatta, Perns Hamry C. wardlaar, aw>, Oai tog. David S Browne, William De Lamaao. George G. he fail to carry a majority of the States he can carry Western continent. He baa enabled ut to increase from them to do so without the aid of "contrivance, trick or land). The light ta placed at as Spanish feetrovn•onr.loan!IT <?WTAa> aaed aaao O%w*oadi aaiddroaa, •omwiI^BwSaj WBBBI•rlaw, wtto the followiag lnacrlptlon —poa6EN. 8AM HOUSTON,An honest man no party platform needs Hetoliow*right, aad goaa where Joattosment ) How were the delegates electee (A voice—"Don't know." Another voice—"Nobody knows"— ter. 1 The republican party repudiated their only trul/laughter.) Had the people any voice in the mattert great man. and went, like the hard tiler party, for a (Voices—"No, no.") No; each county, wtth Its man of political availability. Tbe Chicago Convention jarty clique, sends its man to the State Con has bit the hardest blow that the sectional republican ven.icn, and the State Convention aenos others patty bas ever bad. Venerable Tburlow Weed—poor oldso long tortured and trampled upon yon let the style, besides having sogers and pipes prepared expressly free government succeed, which eleven millions of Tor them. Mr. Corcoran s garden and hothouse were Italians now enjoy, and substitute for tbe foul Bourbonicdag the gloriotrs irl-color. the happy symbol of natiooal•Be had seen too otd OaagTwamnasl system of no the Preatdeacy aaparoaded by coaventloaa. ooaid probably soon see tba oasvoaltoa system, withm e t aad aggravated corruption, aw Igaortog of toe the people, give way to t h e iasuaapt>mi oa of the people of their primary right ••awaawaj their owa oaadtdateo. (Appstaas) He swell retiisasctlvety with groat pteaaare oa tbahatookwabaway who of psestdmc Aaorewret cue. On toe 21st of April, the thirty fourth anniversaryof the battle of San Jacinto, tbe prople of Texas met inmass meeting at that place, and presented to the Amerlsanpeople the name of Gen. Houston— (arptouae)—a namelu _read to toeft** JACWtW CAMP,•" 4ACIWTOCAMFAhBB—aa av 1BOOatON AJTD TO F i a W l l ^veatteaaetoera,aad themattornprevailedSeveralporta of the South aned tlhe Belgton porta We leara that hat plats have been entered into very heartily by the peo- ple of Mobile, and that a line ta about to bertenced diptomatat in toe service of tbe pold. Be bas been a great traveller to ms as wa team, to exam* bis lour ta Cand into the Far WestBOAI CLCB W.,Bsyrstatwniaadaraifnii|itaTHE NEW YORK HERALn—HOUSTON ACCEPTS THE SAN JACINIU NOMINATION.N O HJWJrj.fl£PRESIDEITUi CilPUGlWHOLEMORNING EDITION-WEDNESDA Y , MAY 30, 1S60.Ob, pell off your COM,*C |fbeSamHouston Demonstration 1 teak>d to at Msaart, aad kaacs'd very laid,Armm. May 17,1MB. Sra—Year letter, accompanying sasatawons passed to a mass meeting held on tbe battle ground of Baa Jaotatoat Union Square.relied him fonh, and t-e waa itlected Governor by ove> n,o.n—i.«n anl or.w (A vo'ee—••fwj.ohl" laughter ) pie a candidate for lbs Presidency, ta 12,K.O m»joruy Tbe finger of Prosiaeoee v M U i s s *> r.rtfh' < n tr.- r.ajwe rf %m HnntAS se a Cnioc. The p ace from which these reactano n s n o w i that tbe American w p l e rose superior t» man. (Three cheers were here given oa the outside of somber et these who adopted them, aad the9o, pail off juar <>>«t, tc UlFlCATIWOFTHEIEXANNOMINATION, 1 hearken'd in toe South and 1Uatfced to a be.rABveauoB!' ?tea, and lbs* they can do so agatt; and a- t.eneral Sam B-niton was taas trlompbantty electeTexas, we In the city and State of Ne* •ov«rirr u rexas, we In the city aad Stole of Nett'- crowo tor ,-«:;giae ) General Houston waa elected as a d-r. (•«•. >n m- Htate of Texts by an overwhelming me jcrity; tnc jet he cannot gat any support in the Charles •c« or H»> T•«># i oFic-pfflB »»i-<-o« from bw own ^tate. Ne stronger illustration Is ate,'"' f the absurdity of con- vu'iv- u••-i ce.f i&rEIHJ..u?iss:.fled He taaot enlj a national man, but a Union man, and if elected, likepulses which controlled their actioa, entitle them n my respect, and awaken ta me grateful feelings toward a peo- ple already endeared to me from past aasncltttaaa ta troublous times, aad continued evi lencea of favor.At BO time since my entrance into public life have I withheldmyservicefrommy fellowoittsaaa. Whatever I am ta of my eooatry aad belongs to ttI have aever tost confidence ta the messes, or trans ferrec my ailrgfaace trout them to oUq lea or conventions,M pupa of Tixee oa tie " battle ground of Sao Jecta-••WteltowmgJ lie notice thai draw taw multitude toBttwT —TH1 rK I'tK'8 CAM01DAT! FOR rtattlDINT. o u t i t L nan BOOBTOW.1 Cave noticed in the proceedings of tbe late Baltimore Convention that my name waa submitted to that body aad balloted for. Justicetomyselfcompeteme tosay,that wbile I appreciate tbe regard manifested ror ma by tbe••do b» law eeeeto of Tex.a. oa the aatawl^«tPsaJae*B»AartiSLnm»JB.LU. sitae lesae Boa. Jabs Benpaa\Texaa 5 . Jawaa L rnaaj, K T. Boa. C. KooaivwK JT. T.McCcy, PLtoam; Francia Bnroick. futnam; J. G Dudley, Westchester; Wm. Avery,Orange; C. a Yen Zaadt, Kings; Wil'lam Chalmers, Westchester, Dr. Wateou, Richmond;func, subtenbed by the people, for such expenses only as led our fathers, when bat three millions of people, to have my name submitted to any convention, nor would areoeciatary to insure tbe proper circulation of a Houston sparsely settled upon the Atlantic coast, through I accept a nominatica if it were tendered me, and pro- elic loral ticket The ballot box will do the rest Even ail ihe trials ot tbe Revolutionary war, and enaOled tnem cured by eontrivanoe, trick or management"agamit o'tra partisan and af-eitcnal nominations by party to triumph over the migbtast national government in the The people alone have the nominating power, as thevithe waa beautifully decorated wita tttga aad Ulami by torches aad Cblneae laaterna, presented aof carry tog out their oan purposes Douglas had hiafTKBda tbere. who were determined to rule or ruinOthers bad their friends there who stood by them. Theconsequence waa a division anl no nomination. Could we course it it ") I will tall yon now wbat I think of expect ary less? They went tbere lor party purposes, Mr. Douglas. When any man in this country attempts,G. GARIBALDI, G. RICJARDI,Kesoived, that the people of every State should at once select a sound electoral ticket for Gen Sam Houston, lbs proceedtefe of 'he evening were opened by ex sad that every honest voter should support that ticket atfrom the areooes and Broadway.irer Vimia, of New York, who said —Fellow citixsna, I the folia.One to tbe Sicilians is as follows —BARON 8TO0J0. that the Niagara will probably be prepared for tbe voyageiraqueatod to amy that the Honorable teaac L Varisa, a Major of the city, was Invited aad expected to act aa •adcat o( taw meeting, bat Ui health baa prevented him aa betag hero. Be rrqoeam the committee, however, saa ha tsow in aay way taey may think proper, aa he with the people la this, their campaign. la hie absence,aa unavoidable circumataaoea, I beg leave toDr. atophaa HaebroecK aa Cbairmaa of that M«wg. ( A p p l a u s e )(Great cheering.) Resolved, That we call apon all friends of Gen. Hous- d. Be waa uadetatood to axpreaa ha regret that ex ton in the Empire State to organise clubs in every town, city and vllltge, and to elect two delegates to a <3tate mass meeting, which will assemble on toe iBth day of July, 1MK\ at a pace to be hereafter named aad made public by toe Houiton Executive Committee of New York, then end there to nominate suitable persons to be voted for aa Electors, and also to designate a fitting candidate ror Vice President, to bs aapported by tbta Stole in connectionsaythiag with store entire sainfaction than oa the pre aa. For store then forty years ho had been wah the democratic party, having voted firstnext thing we find after tbe failure at Charleston, the Con- politicians, to stir up thw country at his bidding, through gress of tbe United States coming to tbe rescue, and form- simulated enthusiasm in hia favor—when any man bids asii g a platform upon which to place the candidate Then high as Douglas does for the Presidency, I think he ought the Bait more Convention meets and makes a nomination to be ret back. (Applause.) Wben Mr Douglis firstSICILUIIS—I have- brought >ou a body of brave men,who have hastened to respond to tbe heroic cry ofabout the beginning of July, at which time she will sail with the Embassy directly to Japan.Dr HAaaaotcit'8 remarks on taking the chair were ni- t Inaudible, on aocoaat of the aoafaatoa that pre"No, fo ") It was the nomination of a party ccme to tbe table with tbe family, one day he saw one which bad been deed and burled aad the funeral sermon of them waiting behind tbe door, and asked him, "Whyget muskets, but for the present any weapon will do in the bants of a brave man. The municipalttiea shall provide for the children, women and old men deprived of their support To arms all of you! Sicily shall oncefor toe purpose there, anl she could not go rouad Cape Horn in seasonIt is expected they will leave here the fore part of text week, and go to Baltimore aad Phila- delphia, making some slay in both places. Fromor Varwa, a lifelong democrat, waa no; present to ». Be had the assurance from him that he was with thw movement, and woolo aid It with all awtion were pretended representor)res of Virginia and Texas I tplit my browsers, and that Is toe reason." (Groat The wreck of tbe American packet ship Endymi was Philadelphia tbey may go to Buffalo, make a day'a ex- and some other Southern States. Whom did they repre-Under the c.rcuraatancea ho (Dr. Haabrouck) accept taa honor conferred upon him. (Applause ) m the course of nn poltocai life had he enragedHow have the nominees of Chicago been received? (A Judge Douglas. He la a very able man, and a veryvoice—"Enthusiastically'—laughter.) They have fallen good man, but be has reached over so far alter the Presi chains, boats, stores &c , realized full prices.aad from tbere to Boston. After spending three or four dsys in Boston, they will proceed to New York, where tbey will remain until they go on board tbe Niaga- ra This will probably give them two weeks la Now York.R Is not certain, however, that they will follow this programme, as it appears to be more agreeable to them to remain stationary, enjoying toeir comfort, than travel- ling,Tbey were not able to-day to fix toe time far gotag North, bat they will be able to do ao to-morrow albeit rtfi.Tbe present of the United States Agricultural Society to the Japanese consists of one hundred varieties of too principal cereal and vegetable seeds, wttb their notsates! designations. Each of tbe Princes receives tbe silver medal of the society, with their names inscribed ta theirown characters.Tre Japanese for several days pact have bee* aa atour of inspection throughout the city. Tbey ware par Ucalarly interested to s large jewelry aaatowabamat, wit- nessing the manufacture of the finer qualities of fold aad silver ornamentsTbere have been many exchangee of smallwith tbe Japanese. There arc a number offrom a distance endeavoring to obtain interviews wttb them to exhibit spiinliiisen of 1Tbta Slave Trade tatHew Yorb. 8HZCR1 or AMOTBBtt strrpoeoD BLAYBB, AND.OF HBtt CAPTAIN.rarroo RATOS or an—Hasan's omcaMAT 29—Late on Monday evening Deputy Thompson, aad Mr. Dwight, aattttoal Dwtrtotreceived information that tbe schooner Josephine, a 1 pected slaver, which left this port on toelTto tost, had returned for repairs, having been completelyin the tele gates. The Collector ordered a 1to watch toe Josephine, sad act to permit bar to leave the port. A moalttea was issued, sad Deputy Thompson mixed the vessel snd arrested bar captain, Jan. Carter.Captain Carter was this morning brought Imbaioner Bridgham. Mr. Doaehee 1 _ _for the captain, aad Mr. Dwight far the government. Tbc accused was held to ball in the sum of 83,000. Mr John MtKeon bas been retained by parties hrtorestod prosecution to act with toe counsel rorCity lattalllgamce.Ibartag to toeir eaw snwav. SMd a s dogam ofMr. J. W. BAKIUB,of Texas, was the next speaker. ,He lieve He saves men for great occasions. He saved Na- said be came from the distant State of Texas, at the invi- poleon at Lodi from the storm of bullets from Austrian tation of the citizens of New York, to advocate tbe claims tons rattling like hail around him. He bas saved Samna^ -- *tl?*** raw ap yeA toptnementai meeting was also held to front of Tberp's Hotel, where spuohsB were delivered tn tower ofbyC Real, toe cbairmaa: T C Wittea J. H. Andrews, F. J. Thomson, J. W. Johnson, J.! * S r y e a i r m ^ a ^ ^ r t ! - Vbodilyof the tol- whelmed with debt, through a system which has been carried oa to the injury of the people, but which has hmkhtg been kept dark by the politicians, by which theirby mors difficulties than any President of tbe consummation may yet be achieved; that we may haveUnited States from tbe days of Washington until now, hav- prosperity and happiness for our thirty millions of people;ing safely brought that young republic through one of the sad who can count the census before the present genera and lady, of Richmond, Va, are stopping at the Lafargeto-night, guarolag it. as nomnr proceedings, aad boptng that his fare-bouses, workshops and farms have been taken from them for debt DM not Lincoln know all about the aya- tem of extortion which has so :ong prevailed. And w n ytlc-n shall nam away? God grant that we may go on In greatness and glory until wa shall be the chosen people of tbe world, tost no future lover of human liberty mayHouse.Cpiriano C. Zegarro, Peruvian Minister to too United States; M. Lisbon, Brazilian Minister to tbe United Settee; Pedro P. Orfiz aad lady, of Washington; M. B. Harrison, Esq and tody,of Connecticut, J. B. Cunningham, Esq . of New York, and Robert Kershaw, Esq., of Philadelphia, were among the arrivals at the Clarendon Hotel yester- day.Hon. F. Granger, of Canandaigua; J. H 8. La trobe, Esq., of Baltimore-. M. P. Fillmore, raq , of Buffalo, and S. R Bertron. Esq., and family, of Mississippi, are stopping at the Bt Nicholas Hotel.aught still stok deep, aad brmg forth im bglran, atawhaaitoofstooowatrysssa (Aaatoaaa.)darkest ana most trying periods that ever any peoplepassed through, ba was elected to tbe Senate of the United-Mates, where he sat for many years among the foremostand most experienced statesmen of this great nation. ever have occasion, gaztog upon the fallen temple and the Texas now proudly presented him to tbe people of the broken column, to exclaim, with toe p o e t -' l'arkta'd at the doors of Old Tammtay Hal, Whoatbaleadersatthebarwerearoaming—t ad Ibeard the pear son mails eraca s«'a ,b • r»•' vftea they faaad that the cieopwi » m * w . g •tee oaly tfcn*,s leedei us the eh af ex. cutive officer of to fateaS«nut. Ta^ntMacts:>muchasecesaitv,ualeso r- eocewipenSrd by 'he Jfffertoa'an ten anl strong eon wen senee, and !D#se »,„ poaSMHed by the choice of r I«B« sur aasccaitoa cf Sew York. Io Aoeuat last b-themostspite,lathatatBaltimore (Arow-"That'sa cries*'- h-;. Laucniorj '6">y state at Baltimore tae very pia<form which we erected is Texas tost year, aad i.. •«. . r, *.. t . «.; :*iu tiuut...u They aid worse, ia.»y t •»-• (i i jft. t to ;*•!£,t tutu, but ios*ir remain* (CaichGENERALwaere toe Waeeaa aeartsit aaroa were a ehnmming Bat aa seea aa I tow them that Sam bad acroeo,Ob, they ksew that the people were a coming!sb«d reure^, as-, Cnstssatus, to hia farm; bat toe peopi t-- at.fi *i-r>eu» ) Hut n felt as snob a nomtoetiee oa the Sat eh., in which I am rseaaawaajdad aa tbe PooChoice it Gen Sam Bouatoo, will vote a Houston electoral ticket in November, the people'a hero must be elected by an overwhelming popular majority. (Loud cbeera)Resolved, That the planks of orr political platform are the conatitntiotj; the In ion and tbe laws; and that the rlecgts of onr Preeiceottai candidate are his Integrity, bis ability and his services to the countryAn honest man no party platform neeck;He follows right and goes where justice lea l aSicily We. the remains of the battles of 1/imbardy. arewith Gen. Sam Houston for President (Applause ) Finally Resolved, That, in agreement with the express- hanree, aad every democratic nominee for President ed wah af many thousands, it he recommended to allstillborn. Then theie are two more Conventions to dency that something or other has torn loose, and premeet—one at Richmond and one at Baltimore. Tbe plat- vents him from going Into tbe White House. (Great form bas been provided, and on that platform Douglas laughter and applause ) New, my friends it Is not myThe announcement that England probably would not offer opposition to an Inquiry by Russia into the situation of Christians in Turkey, has given great Balisfaction at St Petersburg.Hong Kong dates of March 20, state that Sir Hope Grant had arrived. Active preparations are being made for war, and the expedition north leaves early tn April.Tbe correct quotations of cotton at Havre, per Arabia, are 96 francs for New Orleans tree ordinaire and 88 francsfriends of Gen. Houston, that they convene to mass meet tog, on the 4th day of July next, at the Hermitage, which waa once the home of Jackson, there to echo the voice of tbe people In favor of the Old Hero's pupil and friend; and that oa the same gtoriooa anniversary, tbe people, si every patriotic gathering, ta city, town or village, do celeb rate tbe occasion by aa acctamative awdcrsemeat of Gen. Sam Houston as tbe people's ranrftdata for Pre*• deal. (Loaf aad loud applause.)Chare* ROOSSVSXT, Esq , then addressed the meeting brisfly. He saw it waa self evident that, as had been pre vtoasly tald-(A voice, "That's right, old Wlow, yoa aremust stand or fall That splits toe democratic party lor- intention to keep yon. ("Coon," "Goon.") My wife ever, ho then the people most rally and come to the will scold some or you when I get borne. (Laughter ) Ia laarfal erans extotod. Oa the oae handtatcucaal party, recktern of the public werare, ro- made, aad he therefore called oa those who made the noof tba sswvwtoas of the ooaatMuttoa; oa toe mination at IUinoia to gtve some kind of explanation of their rat a spirit of damatoa raw m too taad stnlaYytaf acta. (A voice—"Speak op, old man, aad keep we turn for saaHtssns to tba republican the ladies oa your side," aad roars of laughter ) Themade. I pledge here for Texas in the coming contest•ryiof theby the spirit of faaattotom, they men who oaa be oafratofnl to their owa raeognlsed lead-ghoaid wa torn to theparty, whom (That's so.) Those who have overthrown the man thatfested here, Tennessee will come to our Bid, and gallant that this Impulse given here to-night for Sam Houston old Kentucky, too, who never deserted her war worn will vibrato all over tbe land, until the response veteran, aad tbe result of the campaign of 1860 will be comes back that for once toe people of the Unitedwithted their fortora hope deserve to bo, and will bo, over-thrown by the people There ta no pointof comparison with aay of these men aadGen. Houston. Bsad his history; aad whetherwetookathimaaaawAawaaaor as a soldier wo aadhim a man without a blot or stain oa hia escutcheon—*nattoaal man against whom nothing can be said exceptby some hackneyed convention having nothing to op-pose to him hat toeir owa party backs. (Laughter). Who' of his distinguished fellow citizen Gen. Houston was Houston upon the battle field, from the worse dangers of ta tbta Lincoln that they have nominated? What the architect of his own fortune, raised by bis own stent private assassination, from the still worse danger of self- has he done for the West? There were from the ordinary walks of life to the proud pinnacle up- degradation, and has made him a Christian and a man,. (said Dr. H .) wab tba spirit of taa have we never heard of your honest old Abe exerting of Urn who was the father of hia country, our hUnself Tor tbe benefit of the people of the West? The •f rewat from the arfls iatpaadtog upon as is to American people were not gotog to have dost thrown laLong to relate and sad to trace,facb step from splendor to disgrace; FarnofiercefoeItsfatecouldquell- Alone, and of itself tt toll;And its own baseness paved the way To violent bands and •spots' sway.American Union aa one whose brow has been encircled af all V uon aad ooBstitnttoa their eyes, and he woatd sgata warn tbe pub with the proudest laurels gained on the battle fields of twotowbiteverpartytheystayhaveed. We call spaa them to aunite in theof object fellowhethattherewasaocomparisonbetween General Samuel Houatrn aad the other oaadldates presented to thepebOc.differentrepublics. (Loadcheers.) Letcaucusespathim down If they can. (Voices—"Cant do It: no, sir-ee."Laughter.) Let conventions stifle the voice of the peopleif they can (Avoice—"They aan t do it again.") Thepeople of Texas are the advocates of no convention. Waknow from our owa experience how that sys- Sam Houston, and three mora for Mr. Brice. tem bas worked. Tbe people are only parTbe i esolutions were then put and carried amid cries of of Now York sse ••Yes" aad "No."(Applause.) After music from the band, three cheers were given for(o nnjbt, to show that toever to avert it You are called Dr. laaauw HAsaaorcx, of Westchester county, edi-tevtoff, honest, to- had the caucus system, which served its purpose till the and three more for Sam Houston ) We at first discarded crowd.Don Piatt, Esq , of Ohio; General Joseph Genella, ofSan Francisco: Colonel D. W Bowman, Tennessee, Mr. C Tax ' • — » " ZOOUXHCAL'AJTD BOVABXOAL 8OCXBTT Tbealready male ta toe tor of the Bi$kkmd Peatocrat, was next introduced to too tialiy represented. The delegates go there ate af the Oaten, upon the battle meeting. He saW they were called upon as the sovereign vour servants; they cease back your masters. (ApAiillltaSSOF THK COMMlTrrR OH OBGANlZaTION T) 1 'Union most and shall be preserved." (Applause.) ana toe spontaneous eapsaastea of the popular wIB,trane TBK &UECTOBS OF TBB BTATB. We have once been oat of the Union We wisii to stand mttted by you. Is grateful to my feelings than wouldThat there wasn't room to get Tommy rnumb in;Bo I aaked aa outrider <*WUI yea tell me what's there?' mate waa more near..<m than It is now. (Applause) to**run-XT'i; we sett uke a branch separated irom its wcttea wttb tbe Presidency, they have a right to use it leans. Tbe Quaker Ctty reports tba bsattb afHaxris and A. W. Bryee On the ides of November yoa'ii find out the rest, ' And yoa U knew that the oeeple are a earning!' i ' i i ' . ; i f ! >o lar Turn wabing to break tola Union into fragments, we wish that flag to wave over tbe graves of the descendants of all those gallant heroes that haveAad ho answerta ate, 'The people are aoommg"' So, pall off your coat, beThe elements ot mere party refers to furnish such a man The entire system of Presidential caucusing ta known hi be corrupt. Tbe machinery of political nominationtrunk, ail bleeding and tern We have tried it once, aad ata t want to try it again, so long as the great democratic party ot this IVon sianCs npon too plauorm of the con siiiudon act tbe Union, lie have but one feeling In retoMy life sad record are matters of history. That my oeilenl and tbc w. ether quite fine. fellow dtizem of Texas, to whom these are moat familiar, Saner Don J. Franciscoshould deem them a sofficieat guarantee far my odeltty,There's a rattle m the East aad a rattle In the Westbrccck,D.D.Atchison,J.W. ThereaaYankeeDoodlefiOngandadramming; itroughconventions,isunreliableforanygoodselecttoi.•:•>fcuiuW>F,rtbeHagotthiscountry,ItastarsandIfelectedPresident,isamatterofpride.Unletsthelire toMexico,toresideattbecaptlat,left9o, pall of yow coat, beSONGS FOR THE CAMPAIGN, Oh! the heneat men are working In oar Empire State, precede all other buanwea in every convention for th> • i>bi .r>« r»nes ot ihe count-y from the frozen regions01 candidate*, trammeia of party platiorms are degree ng to the b>gh mmoeo statesman Pargatn maktng for prospective appointments—conflict concerning aaucipOeti pauonage— teUlemem ot panaan and mottoaaljoatenstes,1 have lived aad toe things I have done prove me worthy of the esteem of my countrymen no platorm, however well conceived, and no body, however numerous sad die tmgoatoed. would make me soNo period could be more propitious than lbs prawn! for the assertion of toe rights of the mamas Party spirit, tectlccalism tnd slavery agitation have brought the country to a point where all can see the danger, aad I believe there yet exists patriotism sufficient io meet it I cannot selieve that the nation will stop in toe full tide of its glory, or that our liberties will be sacrificed amid sec tionsl strife, hit enough that Mextoo should blot tbe history ot this continent Provdenoe, so far from per- mitting us to descend to its ignoble position, will make toe sge of freedom glorious by its regeneration, aad carry cut, both for Mexico and our Union, the beniitoant Idea so eloquently portrayed In the retoluUms of toe peopte of SaaJaototoBayd, Charles Kneeiaad, Robert Lowdea, Queeas.O. H. itey lorget u> exercise their own omnipotent political su ct Ibis giorous I'LIOU has become a problem to tbe politi-LUteathaJ, Ore. W. Codies, Anthony L Bleeoker, Joseph premacy. Sam Houston, of Texas Is, at this day, the cian, with Ihe people It la a God ordained fast We haveW.Savage,WealeySmith,OornedoaAgnew,JoanR.uley cPoeeif amajorityorall thevoire Inall theStateso c»meheretoihowthat no cliques or caucuses are atHrnry Snjdtr.D. D Winchester, James H. Ooone, John this reptbiic, could that choice be made manifest at the liberty to destroy the temple of American liberty—that,inW. Bameritoy, Joseph Sooth worthy Sv Wanna Gedhey, polls w theut party dictation. There is no need of a na the language ol ycor resolutions, there is something above numerous gentlemen who voted for me on that oooastoa, Geo. V. Morton, Gilbert C. Dtaae, John C Morriaoa, John tionsl conven ten to demonstrate tola tact. There is need all cliques and caucuses—an honest people and aa inde tbe use of my name was entirely unauthorized by me. SBeid, T. C. Wittenberg, John Morris, Adam Spier, inly of a movemf tt of tbe massea in towns, In cities and pendent pre*s It this Uoten was to be dissolved at the aad opposed to my well known optniona. In a letter writ- Daniel IJoyd, John Yanca, Mauhew (jooderooa, John GU in Mates. Such a movement could and ought to proceed beck of a Tew rut-giy politicians. I should doubt the be ten March 26,1860,1 said —Saturday, 19th teat., having received great Ibebandiof tbe Captato General aad the officials cf tbe totead.Several large tree have lately occurred aa some of tba sugar plantations near Trinidad, destroying Urge quae ttttes of sagar cane already oat and arcaarod larfrmdtof. Tbe newspaper Trinidad Carresthese plantatiort which have recent y 1"Carojal'aua "Magna, ' and the tHal tosses ap 10 toe Into tost to tbe planters to that vtctaity ware aaar two hundred toooaaad dollars.Gen. Serrano has removed his real ieace far too sum mer months to hut palace anl gardenssear fort Ion the PaseoTecoa.Tbe Tacon theatre ta opea wttbtbe operas ta Italian, wabRood and Testi, proving a greater success thaw expected tram tbe warmth of tbe seaaon. Mr. the celebrated ptamat, gave a grand concert 0 day evening, the 28d.Pram the aew hwgfaeh paper, tbe extract too following.—It Is officially announced, through the Cuban Adauratty office, that a oxed light has been temj-orartly placed amen toe 0th test near u c Coacha light house, now ta course'for they re ttreo of the otd party gammta*; nrm'natlcnof a Presidential ticket. Tbe people know of the North down to toe burning sands of Mexico. We Aad for galteat 8am Houeaa, yoo'U aad, sure as fate, thw sad are weary or it Why should not Sam Houiton * >ti UJ »*v, rai.ee ol the I'Dion. If that dreadiol periodad.,*\t Tk-attj of Union square, item the toeal'ty of the j^p.. naioa of Washington to several hunlrtd feat H,caa, wet the teaaa of considerable aoste aol exotle-*»i laM«»*» »f :a eoaeequeaoe of the friends of Gam.«(• Beatles arsembnsg there ta targe aambers, publicly, i | i j to his aomtneuen for tan Presidency, Bade by Geo. P Morrw, Pntaam: J. Charlea Appleby, John I manufacturing process of a National Convention, thai mattes of the people themselves. While tbe preservationthat too people of New York are aonmiog.So, poll off year coat aad roll up your sleeve,8am and the pe jp'e are a cominc,Oh'.pull af year coat aad roil op your sleeve, Houston and the people are a-coming, I believe!The folio wing are toe cams* of the officers of the meet lea.—be, at itia day, the cboern nominee of every Independent ''oes come* ("No nsDRer." "impossloie"); If this Union national Union anesuuica—everv State convention or :',trcit* gonewc,ibe sat hope or human freedom intbe people—tvwry assembly ot the conservative, Stale soveit tnty, ixusutuiion guarding an 1Union loving men, in all the sitateii of our republic (Loud appiausj.) h there any va in reason why this man—In whom there ip lelt micb universal conCdence—should net be nominateo by tne p«opie. over ail party backs and ambitious demair.*i.y a )>'*• one m i ga'ieni soul must go down with it. After music from the bsnd,J. W bKtck, K*q , «ie toualy caller) for, and appeared,amid great applause. Be said —I thank you for thtomani- restation of your kindness; but I am not vain enoogh to attiihute ibis rnihusiaam to myseb*. It is tbe noble causeVtee Pt'**in>u—Isaac L Verian, Westchester; A. H. gcgoesi1 There IB but one reason, and no other. The which we advoca'e this evening which has called around Mien:e, D. Henry Halgbt, B Brandretn, Westchester; ptijle b,ve to !cLg aianiioi.ed ibelr government o the us the unierriOed Ctm<>crscy of the country, and tbaneaanaas af New Vara, wltawwtewaawttow of patty, are lelan. Peter D. Colhne, J. B. Tripler, Klnga: Wash atocce. (that's *o) In every Stale a Houston electoral reticence of God hims- it I should doubt the manifests. "If my name eho-.ild be need la connection wttb thek,fM * awa* e-waaS toe stetne af *eearaa-toa\. Oaten eqaart, ingtoe tbemas, Moses S. Beach, Kings ; Edwm Wain- ticket—strong, national, Uman. conservative men. In tic; a by which he bas marked out this great continental> items;. Har ttal o'aloes, to stasias a* the wright, Joshua aaapp, T W. Decker, A B. Haapmao,at «aa. l i M HOUSTON. Bar P i f f a a l of MM Westchester; Wm. J. Bonce, Charles Smithsoa, Levi H. every Iowa a Housicn ciub. In every county a Houston the home of American freedom, by which he themaclvee, as well aa end with them, i will not consentlira. Beany » ^ B^cSaagTtax. JamesY n*£!*i?lF* W. F Brooks, Herman V Ripley, Richmond;C. L. Ftem tali Dal contentions Sam Houston can be elected Snould w rid, and to plant thefsrm of human freedom in tbe have that of election. If they declare for me I deatre or construction at Point Haiti (me eastern end of'the a. *aaw*oa, aaa.. Taxw. Dr. F. Htttrenak West, Oa. Sickles, Alfred W. White, Joseph H. Tooae, William De enough to cast the ultimate c&oice ot President upon the three to thirty millions of freemen, oomprising all nations management" on the part of any of my friendslevel of the sea, aad can be seen ta clear weather at a distance ot ten mitoa.The Quaker City brtofi as the following report ef tbc i sugar market-No. 11 to 11,8 a 8J, reals, Na 13 to U,8>» a 9 reals; No. 16 to 1 ^ » * a 10 reals; interior aad or-^d^warlwaafawtaf gseltawsa here seta lerMed. aad roe, Rockland ; Ephraim Oark, Richmond; Egbert T. Boose of Repreeentativee. (A voice—"That he can't" of the earth, an J yet all gathered into one great and har-SAM HOU3TO*.- aa asaww ,#H»a«aw io address ate ateetisf. laoBkttaa af Wtshtas> laraToTaU . •alwUhualaalad US .'aawa. .Smith,Snffolk: George K Siatare, Orange county; Abra laughter.) There he most stand as the inevitable com- taonteos system; and we think Ho win not allow bicker ham K later,Thomas D. Beadle,Spencer Santo, George promise isndioate. Tbe present House is so nearly tag poBUctons to break op tbta united people Has Webb, Robert Beatty, Jr , Jamas Craft, George W. John balanced poliitcaly that no ultra Northern or Southern there ever Colore been a people like this tn tbe world'son. svnrHna BAAWBOUOK, ofI IBABBAal. i B a . i i , tear alary.fromaboutsixo'clocklalawafternoonafewsere ta ba taca gathering about the park Is Caiea square, tin mitevermg to secure eligible poaitiona beneath tawmof Wttoington't statue. Aa too evening wore oa b ins soar appointed for tba opening of taw meeting, toe avwd acreeted in eenatty, and tna wide apace from forth tretae to Broadway, aad all around aad about te tssare, waa crammed op with a miacelianeoas aad sotrettly highly delighted multitude. Tba windows of at artghbortag bouara aad hotels were liltedaad saattamia, who looked oa ta ealatcandidal, representing party conventions, can hope for blstoryr Here ta a continent stretching from the Atlantic LarremOTe, Eugene C.McKtnney, Westobeater; Charles success. Sam Houston, representtof toe Union, most upon tbt one tidetothePacificupontheother andwe Campbell, Theodore Ward, Wiittam Forbea C E Havens, harmonise tbe contest of sections have made annexation after annexation until we are mas-F M. Davee, Joseph Canning, F A. Whittaker, William C. Fellow Citizens—Delay not a stafto day. Organize si ters of the civilised world. (A Voice—"And no blood Rotbe, Eh Ieaviit, James H. 8kIdmore, John H Goodrich, once a Hoorten club la your town. Organize at once a rhed, either.") No; peaceable—peaceable all tbe while Charlea Cote, George H. Raymond, Theodore Eigar, Fran- reliable Houston committee for your county to collect Then, see what science bas done for as. She has linked cis Kopmaa. funda for tbe printing of an electoral ticket aad for neces- the country together with iron bancs, and place 1 theMr. A- W. Saica then read the following preamble and sary expenses at the polls. Elect from your Houston club steam car to connect the whole. Commerce bas extendedresolutions — two or more delegates, to meet wttb delegates from other from Maine to California aa a guarantee for pesos. Look at tbe printing press; took at all the comforts The people of New York, assembled to mass meeting clubs at a State mars meeting of the people, to be here- which have been secured to the human race.arouna too Ststneof Washington, to Union square, to de- after called by toe Houston Executive Committee, to a*clare their choice of a candidate for the Presidency of the rembie on tbe 18th day of July next At that State mass Where have they come from Look at the tote- United States hereby earnestly set forth- meeting an eiectrral ticket, cemposed or honest national graph, the fiery lightning fettered by American genius,Thai wbereaa, to considering too question of candi- H:usicn men, will be selected, and a candidate named to sad leaping along the fiery path that reaches from North dates, the first inquiry of every cltisen should be so to the be supported for Vice President. Be sore and recom- to South for a thousand miles, quicker than Ariel could known honesty aad capacity of the man presented for mend a reliable, popular citizen to be the Houston elector pot a girdle around the earth, carry tog the kindling ofADDITIONAL FB0M EUROPE.Arrival ef the Arabia at Boston—Procla- dinarywhites,11\'a12reels; goodaadsuperior,18*affecrcterfci —John L. Noyea, J. Mansfield Davles, R, L.ao doabt behwrtef, wlfb tba poet, that "die ear tuffrsges; tnd whereas, history attests, sad all from your Congressional district In this manner the joy or the sadness of woe to kindred bosoms. Is all thisIMovciaiati of the JajOCR SPECIAL WASHINGTON DBBFATCH.i WAsmaercw, May 29, IBM. The only feature of Japanese newt worth reporting topatriotic citzena feel, that there la oae man now before masses can select their own people's Houston electoral worth nothing? Is all this to be sacrificed to tbe "eter-dsy, is their visit, to company wttb Captains Dupoul, Loowads eaeaaatmaat to tba view.'* The platform the country who, tried by ail public tests, baa proved ticket without resorting to convention machinery. Or- nal niggerr" (Laughter and cries of "No, no.") I amartcted tmmedialily baaeatb tba statue of washing himself fitted tor the stai'on; that thai man baa a h>ld ganize your town club first, elect your delegates next; 'torn toe party or tbe people, and not a politician; and Ia sad omaibuaea, It waa act owpilalag that the of people erery maeaaat grow larger Addedvery attractive Oatorea, taoro waa very excel is i BOB dwcoureed during the evwaiag by Shelsoa'sItalian affairs are interesting.The following are among Garibaldi's proclamations.The first ta to the Neapolitan army: —/en of the principal ones went, bat only stayed aa boar or so. Theie was a very large party ; upwards of ova hundred invitations were given oat.thai waa la ta* hamadlata path of tba varl open the sympathies and confidence of the people—(cries vote the electoral ticket at the polls. (Loud applause ) came here to night to say to the citizens ot this greatghlad nam beaux, w hi ;h sddedbwme thing of an Impoa man for the present times, whoa onr whole country taif character to toe scene, At tba bead of taa platform disturbed by the schemes of agitators, corrupt conven Charleston. Whom does It represent? (A votoe—"Offlce- little while." (Laughter.) Then'what became of theMr. D. D Aicmson, of Texas, was then introduced. He said it was gratifying to him on Uua occasion to meet so many citizens of the great city and State or New York. This waa a more important meeting by far than anySUte, that we hare but to tot the spark catch throughout the Union— let the conventions ao what they will, the teople will laugh at them, and Sam Houston will be elected. The dsvt of conventions are passed. The con- vention at Charleston broke up in a row. They did notof "That a Douglas" and "No, sir")—pa-issn by noother living state sman; that, national la his views— (apBianae)— drmorrattc tn hat principles, too honest aad wointellgtnt to be controlled or managed by wire pullers ortpoltt seekers, Arm tn purpose aad reaotato la actioa, be which bad taken place, not even excepting the great know what to do. I think I may tay that there was but can atop and toll back the oasdbsbag Odes now surging political conventions which bad been belo It was a one man of dignity there—Fernanao Wood—who bad theForeign insolence reigns over Italian ground in conse-quence of Italian discord, but on tbe day that the sons ofSamnttee and Martiq, united with the brethren of Sicily,you shall join the Italians of toe North. On that ment they may produce in New York, Wash*,whiteoeoaatoaalrocketaweretrodandoaaoveroarcountry,aadwould,ineffect,makeaPresidentmeetingorthepeople—amovementirrespectiveofoau goodsensetowithdrawfrombothconventions.(Laugh-day,ournation,ofwhichyoaaretbefinestingtonpeopleshouldmynothingaboutit,tasstauehboat aaWBatgsd. A large number of boya were aan like Andrew Jackson- (loud appteaaB); therefore, be itavbyed to march la procaastoa abowt tba platform with Resolved. That we declare our opinion that Gea. Sam Houston, of Texas— (cheers)—ta pre eminently too rightcusts or cliques. The people were coming to the rescue, tor end applause ) When tbe Baltimore Convention ad- to act for themselves, Independently, and for their coun- journed, one of the delegates w u askel why they had try. Tbe people bad almost ceased to set la toe affairs of not nominated Ruhis Choate " Rufus Choate: Why, be ispart, shall resume Its place, ss to former times,among the ss they have carried the thing so far themselves. first nations of Europe. I, an Italian soldier, only aspireto tee you drawn up side by side with these soldiers of tbe Japanese were not particularly anxious Yares and San Martino in order jointly to tight against the about going to the party, as they had some writing theymade to feel themselves at home by Madame Seidell, wboIt ts time tor you to imitate tbe magnanimous example bad all tbe comforts and conveniences prepared for them, of Slcity by rising tgainH the mom impious of tyran-nies. To the perj-ired and b'ooithirsty race that has in the way or divans, sofas, b e , fitted ap after Orientaltoe nation What a spectacle I A convention meets at dead." " I snow that, but then be bas only been dead aaa a portrait af General Houeton. looking extremely lions, traitors and partisan demagogues; and that, re holdera " Another votoe—"The people." A third voice— Chicago Convention? That Convention was expected to Another proclamation ta to the inhabitants of Naples —a anmber of other ton^pttoao, all farorable of the hero of Saa Jacinto, aad the platform,tioaa—an independent press sad a patriotic people; and that we call upon boh 10 unite in the support of Gen. Sam Houston for the Presidency. (Applause )the question if it is not poawble for toe American paople, who make the prosperity an : the greatnees of our coun- try , who are its real rulers and masters, to elect somebody themselves, without the intervention of politicians. (" Ofspeeding to t i e sentimoato of our fellow cttiseaa of T exas, as expressed on the battle ground of Saa Jacinto, we hereby teminate by acc't nation, for ..President of the United States, the veteran amlesman, the tried soldier, the incorruptible citizen, Gen Sam Biustou, of Texas.(Applause and three cheers )Beaorved, That, in an intelligent democratic republic• Nobody." A fourth voice—-'Douglas"—great merri- nominate Mr. Seward. ("He's played out" Laugh-there are two powers mightier than caucuses or conven to repi« tent it at the National Convention. Tbe people, msn—be bas fled to toe West to mingle his tears with toeopen, In connection with Senator Seidell's, which madejt- •ost heauUfnl sightTbe government informed tbe Japan ass to-day, that ta consequence of the accident to the Niagara tt becomes necessary to send them home by the Gape of Good Hope;who are attending to their own business, are whoily ne- waters of the Mississippi (Laughter.) Then, aa to glected. The Charleston Oonveotlon met tor the purpose Hurley, he Is pretty greasy, I think Let me ask youResolved, That, If every man In the Union whose first and not for the country. (A voice—"That's so-") Tbe through corrupt msans and through a cohort or hungryindepeoieace and unity, without wb'ch true and durable liberty is impossible. Your brethren of the north desire oothlcg more than to see you join the Italian family_^Baawaw **•*•• »»« •PRICE IEW8FE0BHAVAEA.FSLIOW Crrixx.>t<.— ihere never was a period in the his ; ur.en the platform of the cccMitutimi, and we will remain be tbe endorsement of aay convent oa. I oaa bat say, to tag oa tbc bath to tba Istbmas; Satelory ol onr American republic since its constitutional ei npon It sa long as we can. When we were off by our response to that expression, that if tbe tedepeadeatitttace wnen the need of a reaoiuta man at tbe helm of tt ve» w- leit that T< xae was scar •«> able to support a masaet of tbe country deem my name important, to con tar, from Now York 17th, leaving same day IHow have its nominees been received by the people? (A commenced bis public course in the Senate he ran foul ofvoice—"Like a wet oianket." laughter) Has there old Sam Houston, who told an anecdote which I will re to bis country. Want of arms is no exjute We shall for the Niagara at Panama, as toere ta no other vessel fitbeen any enthusiasm? Has tbe great state of New peat to you: A gcod honest old farmer, who kept a hotel, York responded to tbe nomination r (Voices— allowed bis boys, when they reached a certain age, topreached. Webster and Clay knew that the whig party don't you come to the tablet—ain't you oil enough yet?" mere teach tbe world bow a country can be freed fromwas ro more before they died. Then the Chcago Con "Oh, yes; but tbe ether day I came to tbe table, and I its oppressors by the powerful will of s united peopte.ventton met ano presented a IMminaTou. In that Conven- was monstrous hungry, and I reached over so far G GARIBALDI.sent7 (A voice—"Nobody ") They represented nobody. laughter ) That is what has happened to our friend sold at auction, at Liverpool, lor £1,266. Her anchors, cursion upon I.ske Erie, going thence to Niagara Falls,wish my friend Edward Marshall was here. He says that the reason Douglas cannot be President is because toe canvass he Is painted on ta too short If he were here to night to see yonder likeness of tbe majestic form of old Sam Houston, yon would have a speech worth bear-that of Washington, of Jefferson, of Jackson. This name tog. It ta time the people ta this country looked to the we give to yoa—General Houston, once Governor of Ten- question of Union and disunion I doa't behove toe coun-that is known to fame—a name that is associated withnessee, twice President of the republic of Texas, and for try will be divided in your day or ta my day. I believe,' for has ex duty.many years a Senator of toe United States—this name sa George Law once said, if the legislators at Washingtonwe present to you for President (Six cheers were hero were to undertake to dissolve toe Union, the people given tar Sam Houston ) This, gentlemen, to the first would march there and laugh them to scorn, or pitch crest mats meeting of the people to respond to the nomi them Into the Potomac, according to too humor they hapTbe closing price of consols on too 10th was inadvert- ently omitted ta the copying of the Arabia's report on Monday evening, and of course failed to appear in yester- day's papers. They were 94% a $4% tor money, and 94,'i • 86 for account.Tbe following ta a hat of her passengers for Boston —Bishop Bacon, Marquis Lousada, Miss Dpurrln, Jeflry Spar- tin, two autwet steels, two Misses Beaaamona Miss kiuat, Cant Smith, Doetor Heard, Bev Mr Dlckersoa, Mrs Stetson aad child, aeatr* Beaaunon, Sanford and lady, Hardy and tody, Granaa and lady, Cramers and lady, Norton and lady; Wilson and lady. Conek and lady, Patten, OUkesin, Walker and child, Pratt an/ friend, Harris, Drake, Durand, Ould Fuller, two Harrises, 1'oirer Hiller, Howes, Reynold, Magnet. Chandler, Napier, Brown, Pacqoue, Waaterman, Stetson, Ingram, Whittaker, Halgh, Keual, Roach, Farms and McKnow.P e r s o n a l I m t a l l t s r a m e e ,Hon. W. H. Seward left town ai an early hoar yester-day morning for WashingtonCaptainMyers,oftheshipYorktown,andJ.Lambden, Esq , and party, from Havana, are stopping at the Actor House.Colonel Manuel Hector, lady and family, of Havana, are stopping at tbc Actor Place Hotel.U. Marques de Valero ds Urria and lady, of Havana, are stopping at the New York Hotel.E Bates, Esq , of South Carolina; P. 8. Frost, Esq., of St Joseph; J. W. Collins, Esq , of PaUadelphta; Jamas Luddington, Esq., of Milwaukee, and R. A. Franklin, Esq.,(Throe faint cheers for Andrew Jack right," and toad tanghtor)—tbe history of the hero of lattoa made oa toe battle field of San Jacinto. (Cheers.) pened to be In when they got tbere. But I will toll you) Thee, aa now, a fearful erwat was Impending la •entry; thesptorttof dwaaloa wot rampant la some si tba toad; aa immaaae moneyed oorporatlan too existence of onr tostttattosa. Jaakson, by ship sad toariass energy, trtompbed that thnatoaed onr common wealSan Jacmto waa far above those nam whom it has been attempted to pet on a level with htm by men whose works are oaly above their warde He considered that B would be aa insult to the food sense of toe people to en- deavor to moke them believe Chat Gea. Houston wan to be compared wah aay of tbe wirepullers lof the day. (Cries of •'Speak o a t " ) But a comparison would beGaa. Houston ta the people s candidate, upon tbe platform how disunion may come. It may come from tbe attemptof the constitution and the Union. (Cheers.) If elected, to ride Into power on a "woolly horse." (Laughter.) be will be under the control of no caucus and of no man. Ftemont tried it, and railed most gloriously. Lincoln willAndrew Jackson like, be will act for t imself (Three fall too, for riding on a rail Ian t what it Is cracked ap tocheers for Sam Houston wssa again given.) He will act be. (Great laughter.) I am proud of toe enthusiasm which bas been exhibited here tonight We nave here for the good of tbe whole country, he will administer gentlemen of the press who will report what New Yorktbe government for toe whole people. He will be really is. Your sentiments of truth to the Union, fidelity against all office seekers, and will select tbe wisestsad best men as bis advisers. Then, gentlemen of to Americanism, will goto tbe country; your truth toNew York, we accept the response which you have that glorious liberty which k destined, we hope, beforeGod, to spread all over this earth, and to be respected36,000 majority. Aad tt* Now York comes to the rescue, everywhere. I hope and believe that yon will take tbe seta of too er can never be expected to ho faithful to aay oae else. as I verily believe she will from the enthusiasm mani- question or tbe Union into serious consideration, andsuch a victory as was achieved for Gen. Harrison in 1840. (Cbeera) •States have elected a people's candidate. (Ap- plause.) He is eminently fitted for the place. Ibelievetndestiny, inthatGodwho foreordains. IbeI b e n ^ d e n a T d S o ^ ^r tba repablioaa aaotatoaawts. All three of these many opportunities for him to have distinguished him- on which he now stands. From tbe execu that be may lead the people of tbe United States out of arequire self if he could. look at toe Western States, over ttve chair of Texas, where he was surrounded worse than Egyptian darkness. God gnat that such aDr. BASKBorcK then read tbe verses by Mr. Duganne, ., of the hero of that bait e, for Prest American people, (toad laughter aad applause,) to over- ptense ) It is all bargain and intrigue for the honors aad "1 Barkened tn the Bast," b e , puhbabed lnjanothe co- from Texas, the people s oMdHsne— throw the system of conventions which had worked so the spoils; the people are toft out of the bargain and never lumn. It was now nearly ton o'clock, and a motion was by none, a Chris- much evil to the country. (That's ao.) lb times pent wo thought of. (Here three cheers were given for Texas, mads to adjourn, which was decidedly aegatived by theRockwell, of tbe United States Coast Scrvey; Pedro M. de Junguera, of Cuba: R. H. Cashing, Esq ,of Baltimore, aad J. H Tllson, Esq., of Philadelphia, are stopping at the Metropolitan Hotel,Mrs. Bodtaoo, widow of the late deceased Russian Minister at this government, and formerly tbe beaottful Mae Williams, of Georgetown, was united to marriage yesterday to Captain Scott, of tbe British army. The President, long and devotedly attached to the family of Mr. Bodbco, and, by consequence, to bis wife, gave her away to tbe FngHahmaa Among those present ware Lord Lyons, Secretary Thompson, sad saaay of toe aaaaasrs aad members of CongressProfessor Edward T. Frwtoe, of Columbian College, ta bas been elected to tbe Profesaorship ofprospects of the eeubbshment of Zoological aad 1 Gardens in the Central Park 1sn ail tbe preliminary preparations have bean arranged wtth great ears. Ex-United awatat BaaataFtah was started President af hasa recent meeting, aad ben Banco ngnined' htaAt the same meeting Jodge Boeaey reported on the part of toe Caesmtttes on Bye Lews, bat the subject was postponed tor future action. Oa nextMonday books for snbsxriptton to the espttaJ stockopened at the 1NaTbOPark* Co., corner of Ptee and Naama atraate. Tea par cest will be rtquired ta cash, tbe aateacs to be paid to toe Treasurer when ordered by b a t rLOSTTaitx—One of tbeLight, oa Ibtatraaklpepeta, waken are, however, ef ao bat tie owner. Tbe trank wen a aad marked J. W. B. It will be meat elsewhere that a liberal retnra to tawateaater to the tost efPAOAPS or ma Hrnso* BBSSABB, M. J—TJsanto, tViiadfcr General JeanssT HatlaidvtottSoutnBsrgeato1race. Dartog the 1been acded to toe brigade, which will moke quite a k m turnout Major (Jeaeral Wright aad staff will review thetroops daring toe aftla that wak* regards the interest of people btcame dtaguattd with B, and ta tbe selection of conventions in Texas. The people went to the polls un-Andrew Jackson to lbs Presidency (toad applause; com trammelled by the dtaaatton of conventions. They came , no East, ao pastelv kilted it But since tbe days of Jackson and ata up ss free aa the ocean waves that washed her shore*Mr. Jotui McCaflRTsr came forward, not as a politician, addressing a political meeting, bat as oae addressing a patriotic audience. There was no hope from politicians.Andrew Jackson, pos- retirement front tba stage of pubito affairs, a now system Aad * bore was toe neccssit y of con ventions? No conven The hope of the country was in honest men. Gen. Houston iroa wul. If of coavsatfcoa seemed to have OHIO to vogue, until wa Uon Dominated Jamas Madtann, *TMTM*S£TM » was sn honest man in every sense of the term, aad nothe a to the aff* have seen, within a few wteks, that it has culminated to George Wsahtogtoa. Alas: from George Washington to •Hi arrant tba evils a point that has made tbe people dttgueted with It II what have we come1 (A voice—"To Abe Lincoln." oatot taawroona- waa laea proposed that we should resist it, and to express Ianghter Another vatos-«Horaos Greeley w gotoga politician. If be had ever been a politician he had re- pealed of it Could not that country be governed by a patriotic sentiment in the hearts of tbe people' He re-, araaonaam,,!vou will ex toe right of each cttixea to nominate whom he pleases yak" Renewed laughter.) They ferred to the powhaal ooavaaatons. The first had split inawaCT2 •"•hteetoof thw •ovasaeat, aad tbhoe for tba Prestdency. Wo have aeea a convention repre- to be President at Chicago Abraham Lincoln, P U U I * * * 1 - nS^ • l b * wopport of such a aeattaf, or psassadtof to reavaasat, toe great democrats] have nominated bar' Another voice-" A rail spiit-two; toe second had dragged ap and tied themselves to a dead carcase, and If they were drowned it was toeir owa fault. Tbe republican party be soaaldinl as simply a humbug, because it could not practically carry out its professions, for if a State should apply *mutt come in according to tbe original oosanact 1 Convention, If It did net present a people's man be dtaoareed.es those nominated by tbeettV paries should be dwcarded, and tbeback upon ba patriotism, wawre tt would he asm. Bs hoped to giv* ha vote for tbe booest old patriot aad Christian.Sam Houston. (Applause)After music from tbe band, tt waa moved that the Coa* • * • • » • » S M I waaUT laa awaVV rab iVaawswawaaarasan aaak saawal aaaA- * P * ^ ^ O W aaaaawt l M awlafh awatat BwtlV aaaOttD 6wl ^ •tgajaaaawm t, - _ T ^ ^ ^ ^ waawal n M w f l w M f W p l Sawawal 0#SaT*of the country, after a taa day taaasama at (A voice— "Whoa They bav* _ aaamd _by stents, oae Nortn aad tba other tor" Laughter )we have toetafots ossaaaaTOd that the grant of nattoaal repottor _Far however much wo may difa* ftohmmlrywttb Mr. Saward-aad wa> aeaar can « « f » » « * must still SAtoaowtedsa that be Is a man ol largeaavruke. ta hlfsteT a - a a M o f ^ f l r e U i « » onlyto toaad Astronomy ta tbc Missouri•by.Among tbe visitors to oar «ny, arrived tbtarrom Mobile, says tbe New Orleans Picayune of tent,MM. Bloedeelvon Cactebeoook,King of Belgicm to the United Bmtos, Bxtaiien Is to promote n direct trade"Uaivar-m%B ^•"•Bsawawaa ana tasato Bxaaaaat to • aT ,^ * *»*aJa»t for " raaaflyleejdcaaasnfmtoaseopte'iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069toBttlaJgfiaecdwttbJF1*-www.fultonhistory.comUntitled DocumentPresidency, the movement must originate with tot peoplem a t i o n a o f G a r l b a l d i , die,, die.Boeros, Mty 29. 1860 The steamship Arabia sailed irom Queenstown at 6,55 P. M. of the 20th. She reports cold but fine weather, with occasional fogs' sighted Cape Race on Saturday night, and18 reals; muscovadoes, tii a 8 *herefand la Mataczat,1last year. Molasses, 8 a 8 * real per keg of 6,Freights without decline, as Exchanges on Leaden, 69arrived at Halifax at 11 A. M. on the 28th. She sailed at United States, 60 days, * a 1 per t1 P. M. on toe 28th for this port, and arrived about seven o'clock tbta eveningHer mails will be forwarded by the morning train, das ta New York at 6 P. M. to morrow.The rJuropean intelligence by the Arabia is mainly co-vered by the Halifax despatch, but the details in regard to and Porter, to Senator Seidell's this evening Soma do-enemies of Sicily. G. GARIBACDL wished to de, bat after arriving they were vary seeaThey appear to be jwy well satisfied wtth this arrange wbo does not enatcb up a wespon is a coward or a traitor but if tbey went by the Isthmus they would have to wattwihyiiu All we ask is the freedom or our land. United,the work will be "easy and short. To arms, then! He scent, which wi 1take them borne to about ninety days,TWO CENTS.The excitement and curiosity to see the Celestials rather 'ncreaaea than diminishes, so, whatever excite-  