 SP"os-genuineness* An hour and a half elapsed peforo with Japan, namely, $etherland8, Great Britain, Rus-York and Ph iladelphia Municipal Committees to visit they had not despaired of the republic. For, however peading on soft-coated shot to be forced into thecourage. He would have been glad to see Mr. W ade; he liked bis boldness. He would have been-glad to support Mr. Seward; but as Mr. Lincoln was the can- didate, he went in for him, heart and soul. La this|sr-»I'k* S»4rw>Sodom, unpolished, unwashed, and infinitely vulgaay- Flour fronrnew Wheat was in tine market to-day; the crew of distillers, grocers, parsons and four pounds of powder. The new 112-pounder has Som<3 of them are constantly under indictment for vio-tof aosjmion*5E;3TKS•nlar, >u>n>•b %*4L highly or pr*- >»&•&.r»ct» oWIdebtYlva-n3edrprord Uias».CKarlyand'••,v/*r»p.. -•.to them in 1S50 and 1854, and contended that the Kan-sas* and Nebraska act did not embody the doctrine of twinkle because they have nothing else to do,Non-intervention as explained by Mr. Douglas. The cr drop on • for a lounge, or some privateIt is not her desire Io say anything in the newspapers about the matter, preferring, rather, to let it all die out.'1••Iand rejoicings, and is regarded as furnishing every assurance of victory.Mr. Douglas spoke of him in presence of R^pub^j Bean8 and Democrats as an upright, gifted, and popular candidate, who had great strength in the North-West, and would carry Illinois against any other candidate hut himself, .by 20,000.The conviction has already spread tha; the whole North-West and East are certain b ;yondWEIGNGOSSIP.bug, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland? The present oc- cupant has rendered, if possible, the office more comic and ridiculous than before, by his extraordinary Terp-pounds. The French new 12-pounders, with the old 4-pounder'8 bore, are stilllighter. Thisis an immense advantage. It gives to the field-gun a mobilitypositive peculations. We do not trust ourselves to speak as we feel upon this subject. We blush all over at the thought of bringing a young gentleman accus- tomed to all the refinement of social fife, into-contact with theseuncleanofficials,and allowinghim toform his4ticket in that State; but confidence is felt that the It was the substitute of Mr. Washburne of Illinois, and contains many important provisions for the furtherConvention has acted wisely, it having the means safety of life on board-'Steamers. One brings ferry- •f deciding upon the propriety of that course. boats under,the law, and another limits the number of fmn-vengers on | ocean-going steamers. A system of Mr. Hamlin is considered a wholly unexceptiona- ights is prescribed for steamers and sailing vessels, andthinks it conducive to the health of his intensely pre- served whiskers to permit them to. catch the dampness of theThameajafter nine, o'clock. • Y oung Stanley is the. most patient sitter of bis party. On the leading Op- position bench he can ever be found with an expression as if all the cares of the four quarters of the globe were on his shoulders until the last lingerer jhas left. A smile scarcely ever flits across his features. Of his father, the lale Premier, who entertains fori him a reveiential awe, and always playfully calls him " papa," he says that he.would be a great man if he_ would only consent to • look at any subject seriously. Even the mo». steady sitters may have been lately ex- cused for an jc ccasional absence, so dull aud unprofita- ble have been the discussions in the House. Members have scarcely deemed the* new Reform, bill worth a good nights debate, and it will probably saunter neg- lected througjb the Commons to find a grave in the House of Lords.Another-fit ecclesiastical place has fallen into the500 miles or more will be new geographical diseoveries. Observations on the dip, variation and intensity of the magnetic needle will be made. -might,.soul, aid strength, for.the jrreat victory which he considered certain, fApplause.] Ho contrasted ihc harmonious action of the Chicago Convention with the broil at Charleston, and regarded that harmony theJjB»jority will fiot be inUaudated by anything that toethe reports of the Coaimittee on Slavery.-•dhNminority can do. And 1 hopethat there will be pa£riotiem enough left in the country to be brought tobear on the factious minority to prevent any departurefromthatexcellenttwo-thirdsralebythemajority. Irelyon your patriotism andyourgenerosity^ Doug- inspection,and!thentransferredtothenavalcommission enoughtoenableitspossessortotryinhisownperson cipleofreducingwindagetotheujfcmostminimum, portofMItrueloversoffreedom,nomatterwhattheirFrom Washington./ggHiii Dispmich to Tbe». T. Tribune.ftuyconfirmationwa8announcing the result multiplied rapidly.sia and France. They concluded their calls to-day on Baron Stoeckl, being the last in the series. There is at present, however, no French Minister in Washing-tex wiH be given to the public.In reply to the statement that that question did not come before the Court judicially, he said that that objection was urged before the Court, but the Chief Justice decided differently, and set the objection aside.the shrunk calf and toddling gait apparently as buoy-ant and vigorous, as full of animal spirits, as disdainfulof crutch in band, as spectacle on nose, and as men- though it was positively stated on the Coroner's inquest cating with the fuse which necessarily must be at tally elastic as at any time within the past half century. that these marks were there. It is thought by many the point of the oblong shot.of1852inmanyofitsdetails.A large number of Republicans gathered last even- ingattheheadquartersoftheCentralCampaignClub, No. 722 Broadway, to talk over the Chicago nomina-MR.SEW ARD.One mode of preserving this wonderful juvenility is hislove of horsebacb exercise, generally riding beforebreakfast when, at! Broadlands, or on his Irish estates, the further investigation that is on foot may possiblysome twenty or tin rty miles. Even our own admirable reveal a very interesting state of facts.Chevalier Wikoff, who piques himself on his perfec- Mrs. Richardson, in company with Detective Young, can be obviated. That they)will be so there can •«]1 of whom stated that they founcftbetting-books, lists, tion W all manly jastimes, narrates in his "rovings" yesterday visited several of the newspaper offices be no doubt. But it is certain that the same rules and other memoranda relating to betting, upon nearlymtt»jl1lii*Knl»W.M*,Km,*m«~umv„'»tes.sexampleatCincinnati,bywhich aloneyoucould tobedeliveredprivatelytothePresident,inthename thescripturalexperimentwhetheritisasdifficultfora byamathematicalfitofthe shottothebore,and antecedents. HecouldpledgetheGtennanEepublicam!-tarWASHINGTON, Friday,May18,1^60.THECHICAGONOMINATION.JWASHIKGTON, Friday, March 18,1860. pounds from this source. The Archbishop of York is, The Japa^aeepreBentswereopenedthismorningfor however,worthsometwelvethousandpoundsayear,purpose of giving his hearty approval to the nomina- tions*' oif the Chicago Convention, and especially to the excellent platform of principles laid down at that Con- ventibri. Such a platform must receive tbe hearty sup-Mr. Mason was hardly ablo to preserve aUnited States.- <*"A friend that has never deceived you, however ewoids, suchpas are worn by tbe Princes of Japan, most entirely to his son-in-law, Lord Shaftesbury.as almost available candidate. Illinois and Indiana principal defect. The polygonal bore, however, wouldno longer be debatableferound. Illinois would be carried as by a storm, and Indiana wheel into the Republican line, [applause,] and be thought he would beable tocarry Pennsylvania. He thoughtthatthe prospect of success was eminently flattering. Speechesobtained, and then telegramsthose cities, Tut have fixed no time for this purpose.The Naval Commissioners will give'the authoritiesfour or five diiys' notice, so that they may make proper beaten. arrangement!.jfor their reception.. The Japanese willgrooves by pressure, may-beperfcc!teda4t«/Mu*t«n,Whitworth's gun will have no such future; it hasalready attained the highest perfection compatible coming campaign he was sure that we should see aaMr. MASON (Dem., Va.), from the Committee on cess to the last moment, Mr. Lincoln's name has Foreign Relations, reported a bill carrying into effectwll F l o u r a t A u g u s t a .I AUGUSTA, Ga., Friday, May 18, 1860. •doubt. Pennsylvanianomination kindly, and with the tariff plank of the platform intend to win.Mr. Xoorabs and others who were heretoforewen-disposed toward Mr. Douglas^conside r thisnomination as disposing of him effectually, be causelitis main pretension in the Free States rested uponhis alleged strength in the North-West, which isand New-Jerseyt a k ithefor thecomingwhich preferredVither Mr. Seward or Mr. Bates in that section, concur through their representa- tives here in the belief that Mr. Lincoln wil; call out a larger vote than either.THE NEBRASKA CONTESTED, ELECTION CASE.Mr.Easterbrook,thesittingDelegatefromNe- braska, was unceremoniously turned out w thout even calling the yeas and noes, and Mr. Daily, who waa legally entitled to the seat, installed.T H E ADMINISTRA TION CORRUPTIONSThe testimony before Mr. Covode's Committeewas ordered to be printed for its private use aftersome resistance. Various subjects will now be cide the extent of the restrictions imposed by.the Con-stitution. The Dred Scott case did decide that Congress classified and reported upon, when the whole mat could not intervene to prohibit Slavery in a Territory.Before Mr. Seward left Washington, it wjas understood he would not resume his seat in th e Sen- The engagement was obligatory on all to respect theof the body in Jersey City as Mrs. Richardson's, andIn spite of these drawbacks, rifled ordnance has now become a matter of necessity for every army.ate, for if nominated he intended resigning; and if not, he proposed closing his Senatorial c areer.decision of the Court, and the South claimed its fulfill- ment. He pronounced the doctrine of Popular. Sover- eignty in the Territories a solecism. Sovereignty re- sided in the people of the separate States, and nowhereThe question now is only, how these drawbacks races, betting, Sec. Several deprives were examined,When hi8 speech was delivered he indicated it else. There is no sovereignty in the Federal Govern- would be his last in the Senate. His frien Is still ment, and consequently it could not transmit that attri- entertain the hope, if this decision was really bute to the Territories. The latter derived all theirof how he shrunk when on a visit to the Premier, about the city, and produced to the editors in charge obtain in rifled ordnance which regulate the con- from venturing into the saddle alongside of the aged pretty satisfactory proofs that she was Mrs. R. in struction and use of rifled small arms. The exag-made, that it may be reconsidered.SAFETY TO PASSENGERS*JElihu B.Washburne succeeded, in spitaOf a ritory, as in the State, of Kansas, did. prohibit•*•*-•*** « ^ » * * < » , . « / i w „ * » *SENATE....WASHINGTON, May 18,1860.Mr. GREEN (Dem., Mo.) offered a resolution, that died yesterday after a long illness.astrous condition of this portion of the,,country does not appear, however, to have stayed the gayetiesof Lord Carlisle and the Irish Government, andon and after Monday next the Senate meet at 11 o'clock. Laid over.• • -Mr. HEMPHILL (Dem., Texas) introduced a bill tocitizens of Texas for spoliations by Indians. Referred.flannel-waistcoataplomb that! the Hanlon Brothers would give theirhave exclaimed furiously, breaking from the dancing ring, to one of his aia-de-camps, who was lounging around like a lonely potato, " do you not dance, Sir 1"—George GifTord, esq., of this city, has been in Charleston, S. C , for some three weeks past, engaged in trying a case of Baldwin agt. Lamar, in ^be United States Circuit Court, in which the validity of a/patent,issued to Philos B. Tyler, for an improvent in cotton preflseaj&in question.mm^mBfUtaMgmmmttitmtKltMhave been nominated, should be followed by every of his Imperii^ Majesty the Tycoon. The articles are camel to get through the eye of a needle as a rich man competitor.SendforDouglasassoonasthetelegraphof New-York that tbey* would work earnestly for the doingawaywithwhatlittlemayremainbythe successofthoparty.HewassatisfiedthatLincoln,During the period of suspense, groups were ton.the probabilities, and Senators and Members passed Capital, when the Embassadors of Japan, with their \ : TM „ _ f „ l " . the Capitol on Saturday, and, during of it—the West—which has been subjected for years to " T o recapitulate:enthusiasm which would triumphantly place Abraham Lincoln in the Presidential chair.The Marine Band will perform to-morrow evening,-collected in different parts of the hall, discussing in the Presidential House Grounds, instead of at the • -nr^nM-D- TMn;K The accounts froin Ireland, at least from that portion with its fundamental principles.betweenthetwoHouses,comparingnote**and officers,areexpectedtobepresent. Theyhave£syet, exchanging such imperfect information as had made no out-door display on foot.thenextwee:,thootherpublicbuildings. JSxtensive Frauds.\\\ ST.Louis,Friday,May18z1860. Raphael E. 'Smith, for many years confidential clerkThree cheers were given for Lincoln and Hamlin "nextPresidentanaVice-PresidentoftheUnitedDuring the proceedings of Congress this afternoon, Beenprocured. Finally,whenalldoubtswere muchexcitementprevailed,especiallyamongtheRe- removed, an evident sense of relief was visiiblo on publicans of the House, concerning the events at Chi-covers one-half of the County of Mayo, which is calledErris,manycasesofstarvationaresaidtohavealreadyartillery, the beet rifled guns known give a range The Club then adjourned to Monday evening. After theadjournment,Mr.ULLMAN,whohadpresided,but very little superior to the old smooth-bored said: " I tell you, gentlemen, you will see a fire soon gun. There is, however, some advantage, and passing over the vprairics, whose flame will Kght the glorious march of Abraham Lincoln to the Whitethis remains an item in their favor.' But the great House 'on. the 4th of March next.' [Enthusiastic aprintelligence on the subject reached the Capital in a dis- Congress, the reputation of an able, genial, and patch from Mr. Haskin to Mr. Douglas.ber of years, jitnd will reach a much larger sum than mentioned in the indictment, perhaps $100,000.ready. But the landlord, Sir Richard O'Donnell, has been deeply incumbered for years, and unable to disr charge the duties which should belong to the posses- sion of property. The consequence is, this tract isworthy man, of unquestioned integrity and I great popularity. A Whig of the olden time, hie was devoted to the principles and. policy of Mr. [Clay, and was always regarded among his most earnest •upporters.Aside from the disappointment occasioned to Mr. Seward's friends, who were confident of suc-1. The same weight of shot can be projectedby a gun having a much smaller b|>re, and with* amuch smaller chargethan with the old smooth-boredgun, which was only fit for spherical shot. Conse- the following unkind language respecting the members quently, the weight of the gun is considerably re- of our City Council:."The City Fathers, as a class, are far belowom? duced. The old 12-pounder had a bore of about lowest Conception of a Congressman. They are from 4%inches, and weighed 18'cwt.; its charge was the very dregs of a societylittle better than that ofcago. Every fresh telegraph dispatch served to in- of Kenriett Mackenzie, wholesale liquor dealer, was occurred. The, inaccessibility of the villages, whichall sides, and then began a comparison of opinions crease the commotion. arrested on Wednesday on the charge of embezzling /are set generally in the center of hills and bogs toaa to the policy of Mr. Lincoln's nomination.1 He The Presidential nomination occasions much sur- $27,000 from his employer. Investigations since his •which no roads have yet been ,constructed, render is well known here, and left, on retiring froxn prise, and wag not at once credited. It is said the first aarest indicate] that the frauds extend through a num- tbe conveyance of relief difficult, even were reliefadvantages of rifled ordnance for field-artillery are plausevj these: •. ''. ,' . - . . • • '• • .' • PERSONAL.XXXVITH CONGRESS.'' Death oilline Hon. Wm. S.Damrell.FIRST SESSION.—A Baltimore journal, commenting on the invita- tion tojthe Prince of Wales to visit New-York, usesandmade by the Government agents was taken up and quicksilver stands at.steady cold with a firmness andThe bill to authorize the payment of certain contracts postponed.temperature prevails, and thego over any ground as infantry. More than four horses to a gun will henceforth be useless.2. At the distances hitherto practicable forfield- artillery, it gives a far greater chance of hitting; it lowers the trajectory, and reduces to a minimum^^ At anSlavery, then it was the duty of Congress to inter-!formidable combination and opposition frori vari- vene.. He quoted precedents to show that this, parties and principles are alike; he is no more moved years editor of a newspaper there, and a constantous interested parties, in carrying his imjortanthiH through the House, providing for the safety oflife on hoard steamers. The substitute, as adopted, Slavery -upon a reluctant people, but he did wantto make them reppe«4 the rights of others and the Con- differs mainly from the original, inasmuch as it ex- stitution of the country. ]No purpose existed to estab- chides tug, freight and tow-boats from the opera* lish Slavery. The Constitution did not establish it, but simply recognized it as an existing condition. That tion of the law, and limits the number of aassen was all tlie South asked. Even in the States no statute gers on ocean, steamers, besides amending ;he act could be found establishing or creating Slavery. They only recognized its existence, and provided for its regulation. Mr. Mason dwelt on this point at length.A lawsuit had been one of the features of the history of this [old coin. The Higley coppers were the firstTHE TREASURY. .The following is the weekly statement of the Treasury:$5^6,586 66 5,(W3,372 83WASHINGTON,Friday,May18,1J860.MR. LINCOLN'S NOMINATIONMr. TOOMBS got the floor, but postponed till Mon- day.The Senate went into Executive session. Adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.W ASHINGTON, Friday; Mav 18, 1860.Mr.REYNOLDS(Rep.,N.Y.),fromtheJndicisiry Committee, reported a bill to repeal the act establishing Court Claims, and to provide for tho adjudication ofthe English public generally do not attribute to him this expedition. Capt. Sydney O. Buddington, a whalerimperturbability in which he is engaged against every of rJew-London, who but lately returned from an un- tion. DANIEL ULLMAN called' the meeting to order, emotional inf uence. His speech upon the oM old hats, usually high latitude even for whalers, ana who has and suggested that measures should be taken to get upReceipt*Draft» paidSpecial tfUpatchto Tbe N. Y. Tribune.$884,895 54!Drafts issned. .. €66,401 1"(Net balance.....speech at Sir' Robert Peel's wedding, which was in the happiest taste, and happiest style, and his celebrated speechofdisbeliefinoriginalsin,arecitedby many admiring worshippers as proofs of his deep sensibility.be visited by Mr. -Hall, fortunately became intimate with Mr. Hall, and Messrs. Williams &, Havens, a firm that have a large fleet of vessels at theirj command, generouslyproposedtoMr.Hallthat"Asatestimony " of our personal regard, and the interest we feel inman proceeded to speak- of the nomination of Lincoln as a guaranty of victory, and was loudlv applauded. " Mr. EDWARD DAYTON offered the following resolu-tion: ...Resolved, That this Club will heartily support and Buntain" The nomination of Mr. Lincoln has been re- claims by the District Circuit Courts of the United1 States.But no one better understands the weaknesses of the " the proposed expedition, we will convey it and its .Abraham Lincoln for the Presidency and Hannibal Hamlin for tho Vice-Presidency of the United States, believine that thej English people or ponders to them with more playful " required outfits, boats, sledges, provisions, & c , & c , will .sustain and fully carry out the principles of the Republicanof ofrjeers by whose carelessness or recklessness acci- would be taken from Pennsylvania^ it being be- dents occurred. Rejected. ' •.fact of how a number of men could submit to be boredby such did nees as thot which reigns around him.His brother Inovelist, Bulwer Lytton,. too, seldom The route of Mr. Hall's expedition is-.a' new one. with his wholi heart, and should work with all hislieved that such a course would strengthen theTbe bill was passed.Clintcck. .simply a duty, but a pleasure, to ratify it, and he did itble candidate, and'one possessing unquestionable elements of popularity, with no drawbacks.All things considered, the action of the Conven-theflaw of 1852 is amended in many particulars.The House proceeded to the consideration of the Nebraska contested election cuae of Daily againstEstabrook.Messrs. CAMPBELL (Rep.,-Pa.), and DA WESCincinnati, where he is having his bledges built after Mr. RUKUS ANDREWS next spoke,, following in theDr. Kane's pattern. The guide for the expedition ia wake of the preceding speaker. He thought the name larger than that in Chicago. We had famous log- an Esquimaux' whaler, engaged by the New-London of Mr. Lincoln was the strongest name that could cabins, once. Has the spirit O&1840 departed? About sea-luring- men from the west side of Baffin's Bay, as qave been presented for the suffrages of the Republi-a " boat header", named Cud-la-ja-ah, a man about 35 can party. He would support Mr. Lincoln with alltion is regarded as eminently satisfactory. The (R«M>., Mass.) advocated the claim of the contestant.years of age, of excellent disposition and fitness, who is now stopping with Capt. Buddington. at New- London.his might, and urged the same support from others. He believed they would poll a far heavier Republican vote next Pall than was necessary to elect their candi- date.' [Applause.] . „ „"*, .Mr. Lincoln.four acres of ground could bejvery profitably occupied untijljafterthe election? Wlwwill take the lead in, the movement for a grand campaign headquarters?enthusiasm of the North-Western men kn >ws noWhile the latter was speaking there was much con- fusion of tongues, and the Republicans were standing in groups talking about the news from Chicago.The SPEAKER requested gentlemen to preserveMr.Abraham Lincoln will be the next President, and he hoped this announcement would bo satisfactory.Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.)—I call for thereading of the dispatches.v*bounds.The following is an exact copy of the famous order.The bark George Henry is strongly bpilt, doublyplanked all round, as high up as her wales, and issheathed with iron from the stern to the after part ofthe fore rigging. The boat being eonBtruotcd for Mr.Hall is 28 feet longj 7 feet-beam, 29$ inchejs deep, and would come out in its fullest strength in November has \ of an inch thickness of cedar planking, her ap- next to support Mr. Lincoln. There were many who. i K _ •CORRECTION.—The agent of the Colonization. So- ciety Btatt'a that our roport of the umiuul meeting of Unit body waa incorrect. It nfcould have read that $6,543 32 for Halarioa and «xpe»»c» were expended from an income of over $48,000, instead of $9,000.SANDERS TO BUCHANAN.Mr. A. ¥. Dow, being loudly called for, rose in re- sponse He was not disappointed in tho nomination ofdwpatch of George Sanders to the President, which created such an "excitement in the White House:" CHARLESTON, 27th April,) 860." Slidell and Bright tans here trying to breus up theIiif IiMr. ESTABROOK (Dem., Nebraska) spoke in de- government. The occasion may arrive to-day:"or you fense of his right to a seat.to act. Northern delegates, with exception of a tew ficonaPennsylvania, New-Jereey Massachusetts^ regon, and California, in.concert with halt' the delegates from Alabama, two Florida, five Tennessee, half Kentucky, half North Carolina, half Maryland, half Missonr, a few from Georgia and Arkansas, agreed to the following addition to the Cincinnati Platform, which will be offered this morning as an amendment to the! Slave- code programme ofjthe majority. [Here was inserted the minority platform.J The amendment will receive on* hundred and seventy-five to ninety votes. jAlaba-• ma, Mississippi, and Louisiana will probably withdraw from flie Convention. Douglas will then receive de- cided majority on first baflofc, and on second or third will approximate to two-thirds. It is believed th*t the CollectorsofBoston,Philadelphia,and>fw-Or-The House passed a resolution that Mr. Estabrook is not, and Mr. Daily is entitled to a seat.gathering the fruit. He believed tbe same enthusiasm making bis overland journey, for the purpose of be- would be shown in the ensuing canvass as in 1840. Apower had been repeatedly exercised, and, as ^ t e as 1856, two. years after the paseftge of £hethe movements of all the may ever be called upon to fight with civilized than than a millstone is affected by the quality of the and careful reader of the movementsgrain it grindjs. He uses all as mere implements to- expeditions to the Arctic Regions, abandoned his^foes, to do away with all smooth-bored barrels*,Nebraskabill. Hedid ' notdesire toforceward attaining his one great object, Power, at any profession, and in February last visited New-price, at all times, and under every circumstance. Like London, Conn., ^with a view of purchasingD A W E S , toquietthe confusion,said thatMr.He was gratified. The Republiam partyThe SPEAKER—It is not in order.[Laughter.]terday arretted, charged with having stolen a promissory note for *"0 und a buBUic*K c<>nt worth $6 from' the shop of iWri* H- Mr. Hall will disembark probably at Sussex Island his nomination would have been his defeat. Mr Dunfa,,at the foot of24th atrect, North River. The accused ww in the Fox Channel, where there is an Esquimaux Seward bad shakeu the bush, and Mr. Lincoln wa aeeujwith the coat on his hack; and, on being arre«ted, he ad- mitted having taken the property. He was committed to answerMr. Estabrook retired.Mr. Daily was sworn in.The House passed {some privategift of Lord! Palmerston.dead. PoUtically the appointment is not of much moment, as jthe Liberal Bishops seldom remain long true to theirj paT.ty. Lord Melbourne used-to say " a Bishop was always the first to forget his maker." The bishoprics, are not now quite equal to what theycoming acclimated, posted up on Northern matters, and can find to answer his purpose.journed. ,, -• tMr.'A. N. COFFIN said that the Republican Associa- peaijn thanJoseph became enamored of the wife of King Shiu- ratified the nomination of Mr. Lincoln. Ho had been hertoelota. They had removed a portion of Mr. Shinfield'sTlic M. E. General Conference. BI;KFALO, Friday, May 18,1860.SurrosED SLAVEU.—A man appeared before Mr.District-Attorney Dwight on Thursday, and stated tion of the Twenty-firbt W ard bad had a meeting, and fleML of Nb. 181 Henry street, and had mado arrangemenU withbills and then ad-striving for a principle—the principle of liberty againstoppression. mitted by Justice Osborn to answer a charge of larceny. It.ap-The proceedings of the M. E. General Conference had been. That of Durham, for instance, the richestthat for some time there had been fitting'up a vessel very much in favor of Mr. Seward, but in favor -of household goods, and for this he is held to answer.,..., Detoct- at Pier No. 8 East River, which, from her! build and Mr. Lincoln next to Mr. Seward. | • iveslFarleV and Eustace yesterday arrested a carman named An-to-dayWereofanunimportantnature.Thetimeofthe session was occupied in personal, explanations bythony Goff.' residing at No. VT i y k street, charted with stealing Jp10OworthofcofTeofromtht>brigBirdoftheWare. He.wa« cotanrlttea for examination by Justice Osborne.• ipfe . • -i' ' '• * ,.REAL EST A TE.--The following sales were madeYesterday,attheMerchants'Exchange,byA.J.BWecker.Son Mr.DuvrENHoiiFjciisaidthathehadcomeinfor'the Ico.: Houseandlot,No.85NorthMooreitr*«t,lot**x7&, 4>9,W0. iioaac aud lot ou Ckty street, Greenpolut, h.I.> «l)«Wsmembers of .the Slavery Committee,and by the pre-sentation of petitions, 6cc. (L.uu £8,000 a year, as under the old dispensation, it has lostThehallandgalleriesweredenselypackedjwith itsgreatsoumieofrevenuewhichwasintherenewalofclearance from thja Custom-House, for St. Thomas, but their coats, roll up their sleeves, and go in for a fight.leanswillmakefactiousopposition,battheDougLu* spectators,drawnthitherbytheexpecteddiscussionon leasesofv{he^oalrmhiefl. Dr.Maltby,.thelastBishop, Nothingwasdoneinthecase.inEngland,Jalthoughitretainsstillthegiftof71 living*, averaging £600 a year, and the income ofadaptationtofastsailing,hebelievedtobointended for the slave .tradi. The vessel had first left, under aMr.A.i\ Dowsaid,thatalthoughtheRepublican. Association o%the Ninth W ard had been very much iu favor of Wm. H. Seward, they resolved to take off- * ^ » « * » 4 ' « » . iX.,.1 .ijnf.i Sggggg''Br9M^P&Bfflmm&i!mR&&R' J|A^1&-;1860. $ Japanese Embassy. * ; has cleared in ayear from forty to a hundred thousandThe nominationatChicagowasthoabsorbing announcestoyouthathehasadecidedmajorityofthe ofamostmagnificentdescription,saddlesrichlyem- toenter,intothekingdomofheaven.Theappointment•abjectofinterestto*dayinbothbranchesoiCon- Conventionandoffer;himyoursupport,andallwillbe broideredanttjemboesedwithgoldandsilver,bedcar- iscertaintobeselectedfromtheextremeLow-Church effectofthelubricatingcomposition. In this nianjto.the?RepublicansofNew-York.Hiscareernext|toSenatorSeward,wasthe,mostacceptable well. You cannot afford to be the last President of tho tains and bed [screens, similar to those used by the party, Palmerston being strongly opposed to Puseyism. respect it is inferior to Armstrong's gun, which in bis own State had proved him to lie a most fit as wellgwswuquorum dwring his speech in tho Seoate. V irious dispatches were received early; and one from Mr.Haakm toMr.Wendell,indicating that Mr. Sew- *rf would bo chosen, seemed to express mosi posi- tive knowledge of the purpose there.About 2 o'clock Mr. Haskin telegraphed Mr.BobglasthatMr.Lincolnwasnominated, butthe JapaneseEmbaesy.asEnvoysExtraordinaryandMin- superiortoanyjwhichhasbeenbroughttothiscountry surrounded by anadmiringcrowd. Lideed,thefeel- . Mr.E.WEBSTERsaidthatheunderstoodtheRepub-istersPlenipotentiaries,thehighestdiplomaticoffice froinAsia,jill / .•.^;..ing(OftheEnglishtowardtheirpetpartakesnotalittle temwhichgiveshard,unyieldingshotandallows licanpartytobebasedonprinciple.Hewouldhave fact was discredited in consequence of s&veral known to our Government, it became incumbent on This is the opinion of those who had the privilege of of the spirit of the Romans, who,, caring not to honor windage. His gun is immensely superior to the been very glad to see Governor Banks, President. bogus dispatches having, been circulated, even them to make tbe first calls on the Foreign Ministers rough empiricism of the French rifled ordnance. Whe^L candidate for Speaker he was asked whether bo though one of the operators' testified to its resident in Washington, but restricted this courtesy to minutely/examining these valuable presents. The their victorious generals, came out of the gates after recognized in tbe Constitution of the United States anythose only representing the powers which have treaties Embassy have accepted the invitation of the New- the battle of Canna to crown their counsels, because But while Armstrong's gun, and other guns de- support for Slavery, and be said No. He liked hisoften be may have gone in opposition to your views and withes../„,' .:, "GEO.N. SANDERS. To President Buchanan, Washington."To the Anooiated P r w .superior to any ever manufactured in this country or France; paper hangings, ornamented with gold; lacquered ware, including writing-cases, and a lot of valuable miscellaneous articles, all of them exhibitingwould be impossible without this defect, and^ at all eventB it deserves tobeacknowledgedthat with such an originally defective system, such greatPrinces of Japan, and ingeniously^ elaborated; twoIndeed he has committed this branch of. patronage al-has no windage at-all; and this we consider itsBOSTON, Friday, May 18, 1860.The Hon. *Wtm. S^ Damrell, a well known printer, the most wretched and miserable portion of the mostand a late Member of Congress from the Third District, wretched and miserable county of Ireland. The dis-beenreceivedwithgeneralexpressionsoffavorthetreatieswithChina,Japan,Siam,Persia,Sec. itwasground.ihlStowall'sMills,Augusta.Asmallpoliceofficerswho•constitutethe•"Courtcir-aboreofabout3£inches,ornearlythatoftheoldlatingthelaws,andnearlyallofthemchargedbytheirOrdered to be printed.The message from the President relative to the Moun-tain-Meadow massacre, was taken up and ordered to be printed.Reports of nri.vate nature were received.shipment wiljl leave for New-York to-morrow.cle" of that wretched sham and hypotbeticated hum- 9-pounder; its weight, 8 cwt.; charge, from 1£ to If own Journals-with bribery, corruption, and sometimesWinter appears!to ho passing the Spring in England..providefor the examination and payment of claims of No* sign of Sr mmor is yet seen. The worsted-stocking sichorean feats. "Why," he is reported recently to hitherto unknown, and renders it almost as .fit to estimate of American characterfrom suchexamples."The hill for the relief of Anson Dart was taken up. heads to rival. The air is misty, murky, foggy, and " Your Excellency," rejoined the functionary, " I haveI| ! vi,\.-IV1 •IriMr. LANE (Dem., Oregon) opposed it.Without any action on the special order, Mr. Davis's (Dem., Miss.) resolutions were taken up.all things m< teorologically ^miserable. Fears are inleft off dancing—and'marbles."THE JERSEY CITY" jMURDER.consequenceat best, will ;?e later than it has been for many' years. Some few davs, however, of golden sunlight may re- verse this picture, and stay this dark foreboding.!;ntertainedharvest,which,Mr. MASON (Dem., Va.) addressed the Senate. Hesaid the resolutions involved the deepest interests of thepeople of his State. In reply to a charge that theywere abstractions, he said it had become a settled prac-tice to discuss in this form the great constitutional ques^- . The House of Commons has been but thinly at- Mrs. Ada Richardson j about whom there has been bored one of equal weight of shot.tions as they arose. Those under consideration affected. tended, Reform and supply being the order of the day. so much talk, in connection with the dead body found As to heavy ordnance, it will be all-powerful the stability of the Union itself. He differed totally It is stra»ge, but is ever so, that on supply nights, in; tbe water at Jersey City several weeks ago, is now against stone walls, especially by shell-practicefrom the views expressed by the Senator from Illinois. in this city, and stopping at the house of a friend inThe Territories are the common proj>erty of all the when millions of money are being voted away forStates. The question as to their relation to the everything and anything, the representatives of the• Broome street. She is apparently a modest, unassum-Stateswasapracticalone,andapplicabletothe firstcommercialcountryintheworldinvariablykeep ingperson,evidentlypossessedofconsiderablemental byexperiment,bothinFranceandGermany.ItMinister to Brazil, William Chambers, Secretary ofLegation to New-Granada, and J. B. Halsey, Charged'Affairs.—Among the passengers by the Europa, is thePrincje de Joinville^raveling incog. He is going to CanadaOnafishing\xcurBion.—Mr. Emil Schober left Detroit on the 4th inst. for the purpose of finding some cattle he had lost. Stray- ing further away than he intended to go, he lost his path, and for nine days had no food except roots and the bark of trees. When found, he was sadly emaci- ated. Though he had kept in motion most of the time of the nine days, he had wandered only about twenty milesjawayfromthepointfromwhichhestarted.s —-TheRev.T.StarrBangpreached hisfirstsermon, in California on the 29th ult., at San Francisco.-r-A Western paper, in describing the effect of a severe thunder-shower, says: " A cow was struck by lightning and instantly killed, belonging to the village physician, who had a"beautiful calf four days old."—Oil the evening of May 1, the Liverpool police arrested 47 men in the Albion Hotel "for making bets.[' When the whole number were brought before the' magistrate, together with Mrs. Smith, tho keeper of thb hotel, a police officer said that, on entering the room where tbe defendants were, he found a board against the wall with late telegraph news relating tonowcompletelyextinguished.Onthisscorethereia hardly a difference of opinion, because the IStates busiuees now on the table. All the powers of the away, and leave Ministers to manage the products of endowments, and professes to feel deeply grieved at the will give ships and siege,batteries a chance of bom-people of the Territories are necessarily embraced manner in which she has been spoken of, through the barding towns at distances from 4,000 to 9,000 in the organic act establishing them. Mr. Mason taxation as best pleases them. Even the sweet musicthen went into a lengthy history of the policy of Gladstone's silver style cannot draw a house. A public prints of this city. Certainly, from thoi demeanor yards. In every other respect it will not alter pursued by the Government toward the Terri- few miscellaneous members are sometimes present for of the lady, no one Would imagine her to be a woman materially the hitherto existing relations of besieg-tories, and narrated the legislation taken in regard the reason that the stars in Lover's pretty ballad of the character represented.ers and besieged, and of ships against batteries on shore.On the other hand, the disadvantages of rifled ordnance are;1. The common case-shot becomes either impos- sible or ineffective from the irregular line of flightinterventionwhichtheactsof1850and1854werein- business,the:HouseofCommonsbeingthebest Sheburstintotearswhenspokentoaboutit. Hertended to preclude was that of the prohibition of Slav-ery by Congress in the Territories. It never was in- club in England. Palmerston alone continued stead-friends, however, claim that all the stories told about her were concocted by designing parties, for a reason that cannot at present be made public.tended that Congress should be absolved from its- con-stitutional duty as regarded the protection of propertywherever it had control. The legislation in regard to his brow, showing no sign of weariness or waste. domestic matter in the Territories Was transferred fromCongress to tho Territorial Legislature, but, of course,under the limits prescribed by the Constitution. Thebargain made in 1854 was that the Courts should de-ble, as the absence or reduction of windage pre- vents the flame .of the explosion from communi-fast to his post, and at all hours and at all times maybe found in his accustomed seat, with hat down overOne of the winders of the age is this male Ninon de TEnclos, who is nbw«.t an age when most men show,It is a rather remarkable circumstance that several imparted to the balls by the spiral rotation.of the prominent marks which'were represented to be •2. Firing with shell with time-fuses (and shrap- on Mrs. Richardson's face are not to be found how. nell shot with ditto) becomes almost impractica- Her ears are not slitJand there are no bnnions'on -herfeet, nor has she a thick nail on one of her toes, al-The Archbishop of York isUntitled Document>vIffMORE MYSTERY IN THE CASE.fusee, a rifled battery will always beat a smooth-that there was an ulterior design in the identificationall the defendants. They were, however, discharged for wjant of sufficient proof.—Among the passengers by the Europa is the Prince de Joinville, traveling incog, He is going to Canadan a fishing excursion.'-FiFTy DOLLARS PAID FOR A PENNY.—One of the " Higley coppers" of 1737, struck by Higley of Granby (a blacksmith) out of copper from the old Simsburymine; (Newgate prison) 123 years ago, was to-day pur- chased by Alfrea S. Robinson, esq., of this city, of-Mr. George Williston, of Suffield, for the sum of $50.only three of them, it is said, being in existence. Mr. Williston had been offered $15 for this one, by Mr. Viets jof Granby, who claimed that W . had accepted the offer; thiSj'williston denied, and a lawsuit was the result, and the verdict was in favor of Williston. The coiniff[of pure copper, and the dieis-very.goodand clear. ' On the obverse face appears the inscription, " Connecticut, 1737," in a circle around the represent- ation 6f three blacksmiths' hammers or sledgeham- mersj the reverse bears the words, " T h e value ofThree-pence."One of the rare "W ashington pennies" of 1791, thefaceofWashingtonbeingbeautifully clearanddis- tinct | and a Louisiana penny of 1767, coined for that colony by France, were also purchased of Mr. Willis- ton by Mr. Robinson.THe r old coin" mania is a strong one, wo are aware, but this is tho strongest instance of it we. have met with. j|Plenty of " old coins," "warranted genuine," willjbjfj oilercd, if $50 apiece eah be obtained for them.:el/TURK OF A H U G E SHARK!?—Our correspondent at West port Point writes us of the capture of a shark of a singular species, in a trap, by a party of fishermenMr. W A S H B U R N E (Rep., 111.) gave notice of a will endear b;im|in a hundred English houses where After leaving Mr, Hall at some point not yet fully anecdotes of Mr. Lincoln, speaking of him as a self-, at that place, one day last week. The monster waapower from the Organic act passed by Congress. The Court had decided that Congress could not prohibit Slavery in the Territories, consequently the Territorial Legislature could not exercise this power. If the Ter-gallant in bis mojning ride. Another secret of thisgerated ideas of five-mile ranges in the one are! as ridiculous as the notion of hitting a mah with the new rifles at 800 or 1,000 yards; and still the advan- tages given by rifled bores in either case, are so great that it is imperative upon every army whichpropria persona, and not, as the lamented Toodlee charm which he .possesses in common with our Cheva- used to exclaim, in ghosti'a persona.lier is his perfect immobility. Not only has he a cast-ironconstitution, but also a cast-iron heart, which jriveg him A NEW SCIENTIFIC EXPEOITION TO THE ARCTIC completecommandofhistemperamc-nt.Tohimallmen, REGIONS.—Mr. C. F. Hall ofCincinnati,-formanyhis master,'Talleyrand, upon whom he has modelled the brig Amaret, formerly the Rescue, of the Grin-nell expedition, under the command of Lieut. De THE CENTRAL CAMPAIGN CLUB AND coins'ever struck in North America, and are now rare,himself on an English mantle, and whom he resembles Haven, for the purpose of making a personal effort in in his identification with all the parties to hisi time furtherance of Arctic discoveries; but being unable toin turn, he never exhibits too much zeal, but uses just as secure a suitable person to navigate the vessel, he abandoned this idea, and turned his attention to ob- littleasisrequiredtoattainhisobject..Itistruethat tainingthenecessary information in regardtoaboatTHENOMINATIONS.made various voyages to the far north, and is said to a ratification meeting on Monday evening. Mr. Ull- which had a xmeh of most genial poetry about it. His ! be very well posted on the geography of the parts toceived with remarkably unanimous and hea:-ty ex- Mr. REAGAN (Ad. Dem., Texas) made an ineffec-. grace, and those who know him best, and have studied "free 'if charge, in the hark George Henry (S. O. party." Buddington, master), to Northumberland Inlet, and him more closely, believe that these bits of sensibility "when desired, we will give the same free passageMr. J. W . HOKTON addressed the meeting, Bpeaking The Democratic members are equally unanimous Mr. TAPPAN (Rep., N. II.) moved to postpone till treaty to be allowed to make his subscription," live The expedition was therefore at once set down as a of Lincoln as the man whom Douglas fears, the manpressions of satisfaction by the Republican mem- bers of Congress.tual attempt to get up the Texas Regiment amendment to the Military Academy bill.were simple put on for the occasion. His recent en-, " home in our ships."The resolution was .received' with great applause, and adopted by acclamation.Korth-West, carrying every State in that s<ction.The bill was discussed by W ASHBURNE, JOHN faith in English pluck and endurance is absolute. Buddington will reium to Northumberland Inlet, or man. iCOCHRANE, CLARK (N. Y.), and others, on the Not half so |vigilant and active.fthough more than that vicinity, to cruise for whales, till about the first of Mr- A. C. HILLS made the next speech. It wasThe Steamboat bill came up. •Tuesday to take up private bills. LoBt, by 13 ma- " sovereignsior that splendid little fellow, Sayers," fact, and the time for sailing set on the 26th of this who has met the Douglas 1n his nail, and will meetin asserting that Mr. Seward should hav<$ beentaken. The conviction is everywhere expressed jority. is just such another delicious touch of sensibility which. month, to be gone about nineteen months. him there again and drive him out. He related severalthat Mr. Lincoln will make a clean sweep in the substitute. determined upon, ]>ut by the first of August, Capt. made man, a profound lawyer, and a perfectly honestten feet in length and nine round, by actual measure- ment, and inside were found tonr young ones, estimated to weigh 30pounds each. The liverof tho old fellow filledlja half-barrel, and made dx gallons of.oiL He was provided with four or fivs rows of teeth. The trap in which he was caught was much damaged by the mobster. * [New-Bedford Standard, May 15.•—_ .THADDEUS HY A TT.—Dr. Cheever will consider the subject of Thaddeus Hyatt's imprisonment, in a dis- course at the Church of the Puritans to-morrow evening.* » *' WIF.RE SHALL W E MEET 7—There are 15,000 Re- pubjii|an8 in this city who would be glad to celebrate the jmhcoln and Hamlin ratification meeting. .Where 8hall|tbey meet7 Why cannot wo have a Wigwam,'The opinion that tio man has been named imong motion to recommit. twenty years his junior, the leader of the. Opposition,all the candidates who possesses greater running Mr. T A YLOR (Dem., La.) offered a substitute viti- D'Israeli, generally, if he can, leaves the house earlyating insurance unless the conditions of the bill betterNovember, when he will seek his Winter quarters enough for him to know that Abraham Lincoln was somewhere in the latitude of 63 degrees north. the nominee of the Chicago Convention. [Loud ap-On leaving the point of departure Mr. Hall will pro- plause.^ That Convention was the assembled wisdom ceed to explore the unknown region lying between of the Republican party of the country, and its decisionCape Willoughby and the entrance of Fury and Hecla was birding upon every member ot the party. Eor Strait; from ihenee to,the westward, through the Strait his part, he bad no grievances, and believed that the to Boothia aud King William's Laud, where the relics decision of that Convention was, under the circum of Franklin's expedition were discovered by Capt; Mc- stances, the wisest that could be made. It was notqualities than Mr. Lineojn, finds prompt asttent in• all quarters. There was a strong desire aid ex- pelled in whole or part by steam shall be complied with, out of the Hduse with a kind of sarcastic air, as if theio secure the lives, of passengers on board vessels pro- for his residence at Grosvernor Gate, always, walkingpectation that a .candidate for the Vice-Presidency and providing for the punishment and disqualification Asian mystery was not .half so impenetrable as theThe superintendence of constructing the [boat is leftto Capt. Buddington, while Mr. Hall-has departed for precursor of success. " Ipearance resembling a whalehoat. She will be pro- vided with one mast on which she will carry a jib aud mainsail.would lay down their lives to have Wm. H. Sewar President of the United States, but Mr. Seward ha not strength enough. He was like Henry Clay, an**I MitfOK POLICE iTEMs.—David McCormick was yes-settlement., and spend a short time there previous toby Jnstlcrt Quack€nbu«h A Cuban named Oensxro Mautot*, or No. 28 McDoagal street, was yesteiday eft-rented, charged with trying to riell a gold watch and chain and a diamond pin, in all valued at K350, which he had borrowed from his friend, Tidel J. Zuojmobar. Genarro was locked up to answer by Juntioe Osbonx. ....]..Joa<jph Spisman, a German peddler, wa* yesterday com-better day was dawning on the American Republic. organizing a boat's crew^ of five natives, the best he The march of freedom was onward. They werehebelievedthat'slid'was boundforCongoRiver.Theywourdhearagoodaccount,fromtheNinthWard.m,Lm$Amgw-$o. iy; Tl^Whitworthgunigconstrucwdupontheprin-But, far beyond the vacant Bishopric, the conditionofItaly,orthediscussionsin the house,isthefightatFamborough and its rival champion the engrossingtopic of the hour. Neither of the lions, the Beuicia results have been obtained.. Whitworth has un- action. We should spare no time, we should workWASHINGTON, Friday, May 18,1860.The United States Government having received the the most reftneSd taBte and advanced artistic skill, and Boy or Tom, can venture into public without being doubtedly brought to its highest perfection the sys- hard and all together, and so make success certain.they may glory in their champion's undoubted pluck or vaunt tQ the contrary, they must/eeJ that. Sayers wasperiodicalvisitationsoffamine,areofamostgloomy-character. Along the wild, lonely tract of morass that We find that at fjhe practicable elevation of field States.','bothlateral and longitudinal deflections. ~~,x.~ .r i.\ 4 ;x k i „ -j.,., ,with percussion fuses. This has already been provedboth in small arms and artillery.^alone would not elect our candidates, but it required 'y r j \ , , ,,- _>^-r-Amongithepassengersby the Ariel, arrived here, . , • . . exenange oi rouna snot ana shews with percussion ye8terday"from Aspinwall, are Senor Seoane, Peruvian5 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 130691 ^www.fultonhistory.comfgwvr-<ysVisyy*1 ••d 