 if Iagent of the Rothscbilds. Captain Dupont sends to Mr. Belmont the sum of twenty thousand dol- lars, which amount the Princes desire shall be presented to the police o f the cities which they visited, as "aa acknowledgment of the efficiencyAlbany compiler o f "statistics" o n free wool tween Lord John Russell aad Mr. Dallas a sleans; Boa. Wan. Deer, of Oswegw; I n . Jonas C HearU, cf Rensselaer; Jacob P. Faurot, of OWtnrto,audGea. G A . rxtofgs, of Brie.The Convection was called to order by Jos u CI of Reasseiaer, who named Jacob P. Fauret, o f county, temporary chairman. (Applause.).».•<***&•YORK HERALD.OORDOI »•••»**» AMD fMfHBNHKi*ur ABBfCWwB•_•» MMrec«*W«,•»• *•»e*>e*eekAjfctovBjtTs THIS srsmvo.its AX* Ot» p w m - tTrans 'fi—•!!> I m r Ceaioemss, no.FSIPAY, JULT 13,1860.'*%AS*4bNEWtore, and interrupt the free progressofpedestrians, A Somvenir o f t b e _f*p*»eee auanbrneajr—turn*NEW JAIKIOTT LCI K . V .laconsequenceofitsasirewness. Thebridge,we believe,teonlytwenty-twofeetwide,andfourteen feet-sevenoneachside—atleast,ttfaalleged,» requiredforfootpassengers.ThenumberofvisitersonbeardtheGreatEast- ern yesterday was 6,084, sad about the same num- ber visited the encampment of the National Guard on Staten Island. These ten interesting sights are a.-wtheprincipalobjectsofattractionintheme- tropolis.The argument of counsel in the West Washington market property law suit was concluded yesterday In the Supreme Court, before Judge Ingraham. The Judge took the papers, and will render hid de- cision st s future day.A Princely Gilt to•*•Pollco. WepublishinanotherpartofourImpres- sionofto-day someexceedinglyinteresting correspondence apropos to therecentvisitoftheJapaneseEnvoystotce.UnitedStates.Thecorrespondence opens with a letter from Cap-tain Dopomt, fiat 4Wef o f the Naval Commis-CTICA.KT,JuryU,lsW WttJW MMTOlMajl on HBp ayaOOHBW%Hen, «- Broadw»rr AtITTfMJLL WIKflPtt tALOOM, WaBenel H. t i W . ! • • - • • • • , SB,tiontoa numberwhichthe Commissioners them-selveshadnoteventhetimetocount. Thisis,doubt-less, caused by me fact that only one more meet-ing takes placetillsyear, after which the opportunityfor mfemi out licenses will hare ceased. Theshould not be put to any expense here. ThePrinces got over tlie difficulty cleverly b j re-questing Captain Dupont, as a personal favor,bring these elements together, and that there isreason to anticipate before November the than that of ft mere municipal officer. H e tbe title of R. Graves, of Kings, to aiWewthe pavement with h i s baton t o wake personages from foreign parte o f any grade. Pay$, Men. Amounts. upbissleepingcolleaguetomeettinsformida- Togofurther,wehavenodoubtthatHon.Mas-»ARI>». Fouxweolh atroet--ToO-U. AX* U - OOrTCKBT SALOOW, W fltoandwny.--Friday, **•** i».iaf»TKc B e w n .Board announce that theirfinalmeeting will takeplaeeonthe lastdayof thepresentmonth;fitthis makethedistribution. The Captain couldno anil-republicanticket,onwhichallthestrength tions,and wasaddressedintbe usual manner,view of sffsirs, for the purpose of affording all who desire full means for complying with the law, and that all who wttl be able to teke out licenses, must hare their applications filed at Mr. Haskett s office before the 14th instant.The sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 700 bales, Citiet. Washington_D*riterdsytheapplicationsweresonumerousthatanestimateof30©isthoughttohea nearapproxima- tention of ourgcjvernment that the EnvoysadmonisheshispartythatthisgreatStateisnotto be carried without a struggle—that the ele-ments o f a formidable hostile combinationexist - that skilful managers are hard at work toto: by theactionoftheCommon Council authorizing the Mayor to invite th e Prince t o the metropolis, without regard to the action of the State Department o f the general govern- ment, placed Mr. Wood In a higher positionOnmotionofMr.C.B.Fnxxaux,ofMontgomery,•> committee of six wes appointed ea credonUak.On motion of EiAwn-s Baooca, a comsaittee of nine was appokted te report oa permanent organisation.Same desultory conservation took place on the righk of tbe members present to seats, scEverettfor thePresidency washeldatUticayes-terday. Ex-Governor Hunt made a report of thepro tee dings of the Baltimore Nominating Conven-t.on, and a resolution was adopted providing for nions." He thus fully and freely, in advance, the appointment of a committee who are to formWales, and which was published in the HKUALD cisive, it must be brought to bear upon a joint SENATOR BROWS, O F KISSISHIF-n, O m H S D TO B U C K K K I D G I of Independence a n d Constitution o f the United __-tat«saa electoral ticket favorable to the election of Bell aad Everett. A report of the proceedings may he found in another column.The Democratic State Central Committee met at Albany yesterday, and appointed the 15th of August as the time and Syracuse as the place for holding a State Convex..ion for the nomination of Presidential electors and candidates for State officers.A meeting of nati onal democrats, composed of many leading politicians of this city, was held last evening at the Union House, Union square, for the purpose o i organising a Central Campaign Com- mittee favorable to the election of Douglas and Johnson. Supervisor Briggs occupied thech-ir. Acommitteeofonefromeachwardwasappointed to report a plan for a permanent organisation. Mayor Wood w a s present and made a speech, in which he declared that, while he was anxious for s combined democratic ticket in this State, he would nevertheless support Douglas with all his might, being convinced that Douglas had a hold on the masses of this State which rendered it, impossible for any headway to be made against him within the democratic organisation. The committee will meet again next Monday evening, at their new rooms,corner of Broadway sad Thirteenth street.the fire at West Washington Market, on Wednes- day night consumed one hundred and eighty-twowoodenshanties;thelossisestimatedstsboutfifty thaosaad dollars, vary little of which is covered by insurance. A full report o f the fire, with a list o f t h t names of the soJerers, will be found elsewhere in em* columns.the vigilant Greeley that "skilful managers aretheydonotdeclareinfavorofCongressionalprotectionofIn Mayor Wood's communication to lite Board ofAldermenaskingthatbodytoconfirmhisactre-mo, Ing from office Alfred W. Craven, Engineer,•adThomasW.Tappaa,smartestCommissioner.in theCrotonAqueductBoard,hestatesthecauselaaadelectoralvctethaneithercouldpos- he "serious disagreementsnd taanbordiaatioa.'"PLATING OFF DOUGLAS AND BRBCDNBIDGE which fraud* and mismanagement exist'as heliereasonsthusgivenareveryvague,sadquite sibly muster aa the candidate oftbeTherashforlicensestotheExciseCommission-oftbepoliceincontributingtotheircomfort."DesMoinesimprovementlobbydraftfromOr-hasmadeadoubleblunder.Theterm"excel- en for the past few days b something entirely un- It seems that at first the money was tendered to simus Benajah Matteson. lence" is freely used In diplomatic corres-Mr.GBAVSS,ofKings,movedthatMr.GeorgeAMahay, U of New Tork, be temporary secretary. Thai acssiaaiionwas greeted with lead applause.precedented in the history of the Commission. Yes- Captain Dupont for distribution; but be declin-Thus the unseaey philosopher o f th e Tribune pondence when official personages are alludedTheEuropeanmaiktothe 3©thultimo,brought chieflytospinners. Priceswereunchanged, andwestill Baltimore.. quote middtttg uplands st 10 *ic. Flour was la fair demand, Philadelphia.25 . 1 ... T.13160 400 7111,595•2,650 ble hybrid conspiracy by which they are sur- 3,300Secretaries—George A. Halsey, of New York; Henry C Collier, o f Broome; & 8 . Pomeroy, o f Niagara; L. W. Ckrk.of Monroe, and George & King, of New York.by the Arabia, reached this city from toston l a * Iph ereniof. Thachief points of thenews,receiTed chieflyfromthehometrade,whilepricesforsomegrades NewYorft.wereeasier. Southernflourwastegooddemandforex- tytelegraphfromHalifax,haveheretoforebeen porttotropicalports Wheatwasunchanged,witha Total.was invariably so. accosted beyond peradven- ture. With reference to the President'sand Governor'sprerogativetheTrOnmktalksbosh.published. The letters from our correspondents steady demand and a (air amount of sales. The demandattheprincipalEuropeancapitals,andextracts forcornwasgoadandatsteadyprices,withafairamountfromourfiles,publki.p.linto-day'spaper,supplyofsales.Porkwastossactive,whilepriceswerefirm,We commend the correspondence and all theOntakingthechairMr.Paanconbriefly returned thanks for the honor. He seed not remind the Convectionwith sales of new mess at |19 26, and new prime at *U3d. c*tars were firm and in good demand, especially re-;..; yesterday morning from AapinwaU. with the Pacific and 4os boxes, at rates gi .«, j n another column. Coffee%£ snails,andII,»U,884intreasure,whichwasshipped wasfirmlyheldbutwasquiet. n<.Ehtscontinuedfirm,circumstances connected with this truly Impe- tration (Old Abes) with a Congress hostile to title of any kind; the proper titular designa- assembled to decide what course, as Union fovtegrialgifttotheattentionofourreaders.The tionofthePresidentissimplythePresident;men,theyweretopursueattheelection.Be its principles, jealous of its popularity, and de-wholeaffair,initsinception,detailandmanage-terminedtocrippleandbaffleitseveryeffort""andsowiththeheadsofdepartments.The hadmetwiththemtoIBM,aadhedid»otbe-the details.The steamship NorthStar arrived at thisportment, proves that £he Envoys of the Tycoon are Princes in fact as well as in name. In Europe itiscustomaryijrithhighdignitaries,when travelling in foreign parts, to give money for charitable institutions, t o hospitals, A c B u tlieve one single man pi asmt regretted tbe vote be thee cast, nor did h e believe a n y here present were less op- posed to th e organisation they then fought against h a s theywerein1866. (Cheers.) Thatorganisationhad thrown overboard t h e meat prominent and best known statesman, aad taken up one lees distinctly recognizsd se republican; buttheir sectienalprinciplesremainedpre cicely Use eaaae now as in 1S56, end the Union men could nomoresupportthem nowthan theycouldthen. (Ap- plause.) B e believed {the Convention would never de- sire,directlyorIndirectly,topetintothePresidential chair the candidate of a sectional party to sitter hostility to one section of the Union. The democraticparty— whichoncetookthepositionofagreatnationalparty- was nowbroken to twain, andonehalfofItwasa*sec tionaland a s objectionable a s t b e republican party of the North. Thk Convention was, h e trusted, as much opposed te section Uism in o n e division o f the Union a sconstitution and the Union a s their pktforaa. He bad been in favor o f the nomination o f Houston b y that party—(applause)—but bad cheerfully yielded to tbe will of the majority, and was prepared to do whatever would be most likely to secure the success of Bell aad Kreretl in tbe Union. (Applause.)The Committee on Credentials reported a list of dele- gates, excluding A. J. B. Dogaane, who claimed a seat as a Uniondelegatefrom New York.When the question was pat on adopting the report, Mr. DcwaBBBprotestedagainstits reception, on theground that be was regularly elected delegate from the Sixteenth ward of Mew York.Mr. BLAKXBOCSS, of Kings, stated that Duganne wes a well known member of tbe republican party. It was the duty of the Convention to protect itself against spies from hostile organizations.Mr. DccAwrsmnfla aa ineffectual eaTart to speak, but the Convention adopted the report by e unanimous vote.After the adoption, Mr. DTOAWXS aga n attempted to address the Convention, but not being a member, he wasfrom Ban Francisco on the 30th nit.The advices from California and Oregon, aadmanded,apowerfulrepublicanelectoralticket, and an earnest proclamation that "the republi- canpartyissternlyopposedtothejobberyandIn the States, except one or two in N e w Eng- land, where some o f t h e o l d colonial forms, "when we lived under the King," are retained,ether farm •* «•* Pacific possessions, hare beentheclosingscenes_>ftheIndianwarintheWashoe mining region. The volunteer corps had all been diftbaaded, and the war was considered at an end.grace or dignity, and the application of titlesto whatever else may be said about him, Is a wellBy the arrival of the overland mail we haveBan. Francisco dates to the Md, two days later than ing each other, instead of devouring each other.the suaviter in modo very judiciously; and if in tbe ether. There was, however, a party in the field upon which they could unite—e party th»t recognized thethose received by the North Star. Accounts fromOregon state that the official vote in every countyIn Oregon except Wasco gives Shiel, the democra-tic candidate for Congress, a majority of seventy- Southern States, in exchange for the withdrawaland South, t h e signs of a powerful movement, and that foremost among its advocates stands the President of the United States.In his speech delivered at the White House,the other evening,to *a Breckinridge serenad-ing party, and in favor of their ticket. Mr.Buchanan,speakingofthedemocraticnominat-ing two-thirds rule, said:—rata. This sustaining pillar wax broken to pieces a t Bal- signation of the Peruvian Minister ofFo- timorebytheConventionwhichnominatedMr.Douglas. reign Affairs, and.it wasnotimprobable Afterthisthebodywasnolungeranationalconvention; and no democrat, however devoted to regular nomina- thateargovernmentwouldbecompelledtions,wasboundtogivethenomineehissupport;he toresorttoforcebeforethedemandswouldbe wasleftfreetoactaccordingtothedictatesofhisown judgment and conscience. And here. In passing, I may compliedwith. In case of non-compliance with observethatthewisdomoftbetwo-thirdsruleisjustifiedeight votes over Logan, republican, and that thereturnsfromWascocounty will increaseJhat ma- Northern States. In support of this plan of jority. The Legislaturei3fromeight tolinoppo- operations,weare happy to recognise,Northlittle or nothing] except to guard the treaty box. In Baltimore there was hardly any o p - portunity for the display of the force. In Phi- ladelphia the police were utterly incompetent They permitted the mob to insult the Princes,Weed, should be somewhat frightened.First, upon, a n impartial estimate o f counsel, wear it as jauntily as he does the "old the whole popular vote of this State, made white coat."sition^ majority on joint ballot.The news from Pern is important. Our relationswith that republic were approaching a crisis. The United States stoop-of-war Wyoming had arrived at Callao, with despatches to cur Minister, instruct-ing him to peremptorily demand a settlement ofthe claims growing out of the :eiuue of the shipsIissieThompsonandGeorgians,andprovisionsfor a joint commission for the settlement of all out-standingclaimsofourcitiaeus.Somedelayhad,however, occurred in consequence of the re- conventions. Remove i t . and the whole must become aup from the returns of all our State electionssince 1856,with the Presidential vote'of that —""•Il— '""•PI—III••-! —the demands of our government, the American by tbe events passing around us. Had it been faithfully observed, no candidate could have been nominated Minister was instructed to close the legation. The against the will and wishes of almost every certain demo- PeruvianMinisteratWashingtonhasbeenno-craticStateintheUnion,againstnearlyallthedemo- cratic Senators, and more than three-fourths of tbe demo- cratic representatives in Congress. (Cheers.) I purpose- ly avoid entering upon any dl jcussion respecting the ex- clusionfromtheConventionofregularlyelecteddelegatesmetropoliswasonthenightoftheball,Councilmen,whobroughttheircongenialasso- rentsbythousands,whohavebeenwaitingUnion, from North and South, were there, and he believed there never assembled a snore patriotic, intelligentbodyofmen,sincetheadoptionoftiefederal constHution There were some mentherewhosenamea were known throughout tbe Union as able asd exsertenoed statesmen. They pledged themselves to stand b y the Union and the constitution. Tbe names presented to the Convention for a choice as candidates, were among theblest known in the history of tbe country'. Anwngk tberswasthatofJohnJ.Crittenden,andamajorityof he Convention would have tendered him tbe nominauonhadhenotrefusedtoallowhisnametobeusedfors-jch purpose. The Convention b a d finally chosen John Bell, of Tennessee. (Loud applause.) A delegate from Newtified that unless his government accepts the ulti- matum of the United States his passports will b e ruraiabed to him. The difficulty between France and Peru bad been finally adjusted, though not until a bombardment of Caliuo was again threat- ened.InEcuadorthetroopsofGeneralFrancohad been committing frightful excesses o n unoffending people.from different democratic States. If the Convention which ciates upon the floor, aad allowed the natural,for five, ten, fifteen or twenty yean for hiscorded.MORE NEW8 FROM ETTR0PE.Arrival o f tbe City o f Bait imore off Cavpo Race*8i.Joaxs,N.F.,Julv12,1800.fining quaHtit*. m e sales embraced about 2,600 hhds.application of the term Excellency is a matter What next? An early State Convention is de- of courtesy, and does not do any harm or good.r-with engagements of wheat la bulk and bags •*-aifd.,andstot laship'sbagsat«<1.,and6,000do.,bysteame,^ 4in steamer's bags,at 10J; cheese,{by steamer, at 60s. T omain!y anticipated by theoverlandmails;never- London,3,000bbls.flouratte.,andsomawheatat9% 1, theJapanesePrinces,whilehere,sawthepolice theless,wepublishinanothercolumnaletterfrom laship'sbags,aad10,000stavesatp.i. daily,anaviewedthemasamongthemoatuse- our correspondent at San Francisco, containing a ful of our institutions. The gift has the double rinmi ofthenews,andaninterestingaccountof Mr. BarhsnsnentfceTruePolicyofthe meritofbeing,first,acourteousacknowledg- Divided Demacra« y 1stThis Campaign.We have been recommending to the two fac- tions into which the democratic party has been divided the policy in this campaign of assist-ment for services! rendered, and second, as « charitable donation—the money going Into the fund for the relief of the widows and orphans of policemen who die in the service.It will be seen that the New Tork police havethe lion's share oil the princely gift This factis a strictly mathematical one, but at tht sameofThtuiuwWeed,whichbringshimfacetofacewith the incorruptible Greeley. Here honest teannered man, admixing the fortUer in re withWe have been urging upon them the practical withdrawal of Mr. Douglas as a candidate in thesetts, who carries the title by right, also wears it well Greeley, we fear, would And it a little too heavy at first; but If we could only put him in as Governor for a couple of years, he would soon get used to it, and might, with our aid andof Mr. Breckinridge as a candidate in thetime it is a silent recognition of the superiorityof our police. In Washington the police did calculating Greeley, as well as the statisticalThisrulewasamatepillarIntheedificeofnationalcouldorwoulddonothingwiththem. Inwith great activity in a l l parts o f the country. Wehopethatthecensusmarshalswillbeaf- forded every facility in obtaining the necessaryseat. Mr.JAB.RTamtrsoxmovedthattbeihiknanioitotheNational Convention b e n o w requested to report- (CheersOtheconstitutionoftheUnion,anddefeatsectionalanddB- union schemes of those who strove to iDveire the nation inagitationandsectionalstrife. A property oonsututet authority had called together a Convention at Union man at Baltimore, and the privilege of attending that Conven lion aa a delegate was one of the proudest privilegesed to accept it, on the ground that it Was tie in-to ask Mr. Belmont, an unofficial personage,but "the son-in-law of Commodore Perry," to formation "of a hybrid, tesselated. three-leggedassumed, for the time being, diplomatic func-The Committee on Contested Seats decided that Mr. Graves la entitled to a seat.The Convention thee took a recess till three o'clock.On the reassembling of the Convention at three o'clock, ffjtAsrce BaooKS, from the Committee on Permanent Orga- nisation, reported as follows:—Pretidrnt—General AmosH Presoott,ofIFice Prerttentf- Isaac Teller, o f Dutchess; Whippetdark, of Madison: Lorenko Burrows, of Orleans; D. B St. John, of (range; C. C. Kgan.of Kings, Aneou Spencer, of Tompkins: David Russell, of Washington; and Mass a HearU.ofRensselaer.longer refuse, and Mr. Belmont was only toohappy to second the wishes o f the Envoys. T h e cordingly o u r alarmed philosopher, with t h eto the police o f the several cities:—to press upontheircarriages,a n dt oannoyyear as the basis o f our calculations, w e findthe republican party, so late as last November,in a popular minority of some 40,000. SincePBOG&SBS O F THE CXNSTS.—We learn from Washington that the eighth census is likely to be completed at an earlier period than on pre-certain democratic States, did not contain the two bauchery and license rather than of innocent was betrayed and sacrificed for a mere rail thirds;andthereforeeverydemocratisatperfectlibertyto splitteratChicago.13,750tao.oooof blind security, of heedless trust in luck, be notallowedtocontinueanotherweek. Admitthatitcouldnothazardtheelectoralvote,Itsinevi-tableeffectmustbetosaddlethenextadminis- Noofficial ofthefederalgovernmenthasa that this wasaa important meeting. Theyhadthem with vulgar gestures and ribald remarks.The street crowd at Philadelphia behaved inthe most disgracefulmanner, andthepolicebeen losing instead o f gaining ground. T h e New York th e police behaved splendidly— nomination of Douglas for th e Presidency has,vote as he thinks proper, without running counter to any re- recreation. Throughout the whole of the Japa-gular nomination if the.party. (Applause, and cries of nese visit the N ew York police behaved in Nor is this alL Gerrit Smith is the Presi- • ship rigged screw steamship, doubtless the CUr o "Three cheers for Breckinridge and Lane.") Holding this Baltinioff, from Liverpool 4tb, via Qoeeastown 6th Inst., position, I shall present some of the reasons why I the most gentlemanly way, and we are very dential favorite of the abolitionists, pore and Cor New York, passed Cape Race at eleven o'clock thisThe StateSpreadtngtea theKepnbltcan Camp.Last week the rejoicings o f t h e republicansoverthedivisionsofthedemocracy,andinviewoftbecertainsuccessof thegreatIllinoisan example to evilwe trust, for theBoliviawasstillwatchingPeru,nohostilitiespreferMr.BreckinridgetoMr.Douglas,fat*/shalldo simple.TheyrepudiateLincolnasanartful York(Mr.Brooks)whobadfavoredbeforethatnomiaa havingasyetcommencedbetweenthem,andthe withoutattemptingtointerferewithanyindividualdemo- gladtobeable toannouncetothemthatthe forenoon. Shewasfirstseessomefifteenmileseasto lion, Mr. Houston,of Texas, bad moved that the noau ;.cratoranyStatedemocraticorganisationholdingdifferent Ambassadorskepttheireyesopenwhilehere, dodger,andthey maypossiblyshortenhis theCapeatsineo'clock,butathicktogsettinginshe nationbeunanimous,whichwasdone. Tiename likelihoodofeachwasbeinglessenedbythepro-opinionsfrommyself;themainobjectofallgooddemo- ofEdwardEverettwasthen,byoneuaanimouababilityofarevolutioninthelatterrepublic. Chile continued h e r career of peace and pros-perity. Congress opened on the 1st of June.In New Granada the revolution was progressing inti|eusualtardymannercommontoSpanishAme- rica. Neither side b a d made a n y active warlike demonstration. A new railroad contract had been made between Coats Rica and M r. AmbroseThompson, of New York.A State Convention of the supporters of Bell andcrats,whetherbelongingtotheoneorthe otherwing ofour thattheyrecognizedthe efficiency and polite- New Tork vote in Novemberto the extent passedofftothesouthward,sothattheUewaboatwasun- vote from one end of the Union to the other,unfortunatedivision,istodefeattheelectionoftherepublican candidates; and I shall never oppose any honed and honor- able COUTH calculated to accomplish this object.Heretheviewsandthepolicyof"Mr.Bucha- nan are very clearly and broadly laid down. 'Every democrat is at perfect liberty to vote as he thinks proper." Mr. Buchanan, repudiating the doctrine o f Territorial popular sovereignty, prefers Mr.Breckinridge to Mr.Douglas; but he does this "without attemptingtointerfere with any individual democrat, or any State de- mocratic organization holding different opi-ness ofthe force, andhave given the right oftwenty-five or thirtythousand. Add toall abletoboardher. Itis barily possiblethat thecancou• chosen to tbe second place on the ticket.consents to,andapproves of,this proposed policy of giving Mr. Douglas an unobstructed runintheNorthernStates,asademocratic equivalent for a free course to Mr. Breckinridge in the Southern States. Every inducement is offered the two factions to agree to this plan of operations, while every consideration o f common sense is opposed to that mutually de- structive tomfoolery of two clashing democraticwhich ordinarily pertain to the communications of the rulers of great empires. It is, in fact, aShall it be done ? W e are glad to hear from gentlemen accepting t h e nomination, and finding thatelectoral tickets in any State.In this connection th e RichmondEnquirerall.TUE MATOB AND THE CROTON BOARD.—Some of our republican cotemporaries are malting a great fuss about tbe removal, by Mayor Wood,show their strength in t b e Smth. Mr. Bell will carry a large majority of the Southern States. Of course this can only be done with the aid of the Douglas party, and they seem to be directing their energies i s the South to that point.hits upon the President's views, and, in a calm and sensible article upon the subject, proposes toaccomplishthedefeatofLincoln bypermit- tingthemajorityofthedemocraticpartyinthis State, that State and th e other, to control the minority in the matter o f a common electoral ticket Thus, says our Richmond cotemporary, " in the Northern States, where Douglas has the majority,wewouldproposethatDouglaselec- toral tickets only be run, provided thatin every Southern State only Breckinridge tickets b e run." A fair offer. W e entirely concur, too, in the opinion that, while under this democratic programmeLincolncanbedefeated,nothing else than his election can follow the foolish ex- periment, for example, o f two democratic elec-toral tickets in the State of New York.On the other hand, as Mr. Breckinridge and his platform make up exactly what was wanted by the Southern democracy, and as Mr. Douglas and his platform meet all the demands of the North- erndemocracy,thepairofthem,eachope- rating most advantageously i n h i s own sec- tion, may poll a much larger popularof the Engineer and Assistant Commissioner ofatstet:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetroyal proof of such recognition.theae drawbacks the shameless and unparal-iainiog the news for the press was thrownoverboard, (Loud applause! On tbe matter of platform they bad experienced no embarrassment. They discardedTHE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATBS AXD pounding referred to by the Tribune for the TUE QIEKN OK ENGLAND—A FAMILY OORRE.S- benefit o f Thurlow Weed, and w e luffe mate- TONDENCE.—The correspondence which took rials enough upon which to muster a decisive place between Mr. Buchanan and Queen Vic- majority against Lincoln in November. This toria relative to the visit of the Prince of majority already exists; but to render it de-NEW8 FROMTHEMTBIUL CAPITAL.Our S p e c i a l W a s h i n g t o n D e s p a t c h . WasauGToa, July 12,i860.apprehend, however, that th e democrats willhardly consent thus to b e killed outright by al-lowing their heads to be knocked together, ing of the scum of the community near theo f stewhas been taken up by the Hon. Massa Greeley,the vote of New Tork in November next as ever be was with that troublesome thousand dollarble ffiterference with the prerogative of the Go- vernor and the President The 7Vio«n«|manseev • p1'• ilWWI"J?tV"V-"Jf?vM. !•*-•"»"SV. I •'-"• ' W 4 V . "of the hostile factions wfli be concentrated." Ac- wftich originated with th e French. O f itself,the term "excellency" means very little In Eu- following table shows the amounts to be given earnestness of a good night watchman, strikes rope. On the Continent it is applied to officialsa Greeley himself has been addressed in Germa- 300 rounded. Helustilycries outthat "thisstate nyas"YourExcellency,"andhisfriendSewardbriberywhichhavedisgraced therecent legis- alltitularprefixesaredropped. Asarule,our lativehistoryofourState." Herewehavea Officialsarenotparticularlydistinguishedforrepublican weakness—an ankle bone o u t o fjoint,ifyouplease—orasorespotintheribs toemisabsurd. TheMayorofNewTork,men o f all parties have a common ground o faction against Weed's republican lobby, in amatter which loudly calls upon the people for re- he is the man. Governor Banks, o f Massachu- form. Taking up the thing with the whole sche-dule of drawbacks against the republican causein the Empire State, we do not wonder that theaad that it may be picked up after the fog lifts. Wind leled party jobs of bribery and lobby com- Wes t. Thermometer 60.all words capable of constructions numerous enough te suit all sections alike,and resolved to march tohattat uponthoseprincipleswhich prevailed atthefaaasatne of the Union. It had been made aa a charge against u e party that thev ignored t h e question o f rkvi ry—taat they foiled to express their sentiments o a that orersnt- dowing issue. He asked if a t the time the Declarat»* of Independence was signed, or when tbe constitut.-_.-_ of the United States was adopted, the question o f slavery wouk have been permitted todisturb thefraternaldeliberations of the lathers of the republic? If so,the I__acl__ratioayesterday,isanoveltyinits wayfor simplici- stockanti-republican electoralticket. In this ANDIAM—omenta* to DOCQLASXKTHKuorrfl,KXC. Senator Brown, of Mississippi, who spoke at the r v.a Jwould never have been adopted. T h e friends o f Bullasd Everett were told that It was uselem to support thornty, goodsense,andthe entire absence of all way the Presidential election may, Btill be catiorfmeetingof BreckinridgeandLaneinthis citylast candidates,fortheycouldnotbeelected,and theyougkthat ceremonious diction and fulsome verbiage turned against the republican party. Monday night, having since read the letters of those twotherefore to go over to either one or the other of tht stronger parties. Now, there are four candidates in tbi field. It is properto assume that no sectional party— thatis,nopartyrunningonlyInonesectionofthelutes, like the republican party, can ckim the election by a ma• i. olcredit of tin dtf, that no d«*?ftt person willMt the island to-davy, unless reo^fre* *® do so inthelineofhisduty. J' I «HoExWuaxCT MBMATOR.'-Oteofrail splitter, were strangely disturbed byftdismal groan or two from the venerable Tkfom phfloaophers, more learned tea tn£ o'clock to-day. Theattendance wasmoderatelapointofrest, has worked himself into a dangerous state and lethargy in his party camp. N o w we per- of mind over the fact that the Mayor o f Newnumbers, hut highly respectable la character.mm present were Ben. Brastus Brooks, Ben,Briggs, Boa- Washington Boat; Jedge Wilklne, of Orange;Thurlow Weed over the dangerous confidencesioners appointed | %j the President t o takechargeoftheEnvoys,toMr.Belmont,the ceivethatthealarmsoundedbythefamous Torkisalludedtointoecorrespondencebe- JudgeKidJ,ofAlbany;Hen.LorestoBurrewes,ofOr"bis Excellency," when the proper title is "his who appears to be as much perplexed with Honor." This is declared to be an unwarranta-anybody can stand being called his Excellency,thatelectionwecontendthatthepartyhas viousoccasions—tbeworkbeingpressedon notrecognisedbytbeChair. Afterdeclaringthathe wouldnotbepatout,exceptbyphysicalforce,hetookaat a single dash, carried away the anti-Lecomp -theCityHall,andgenerallyinmaintainingor- tondemocraticelementfromtherepublican information,inorderthatwemaynotonlyonthedayofthereception,thatofthevisitto derinandabouttheMetropolitanHotel.Thecamp,whichisthelossofthatbalanceofHon.WAFHTJSGTOSHnrr,asadelegateatlargetothe BaltimoreUnionConvention,statedthattheConvention had been called together by aa organization, with John J. Crittendenatthehead,tooncemeresadeeiortoupholdpower whereby a republican Speakerwas admirably performed. The only faux pas electedatthe Late session of Congress. But during the whole stay of the Embassy to the Douglas will also carry off a host of original Van Buren democrats who voted for Fremont which was in tbe bands of the Aldermen and In the next place, Mr. Seward's faithful adhe-have tbe census laid before the public in goodtime,butthatitmaybecompleteInallitsparts.The progress of the country for the last tenyears presents an interesting problem and mostimportant feature in the world's history, audit ismostdesirablethatitshouldbefaithfullyre-ofbklife. DelegatesfromallStatesoftnetask was a difficult and delicate one; but it wasnominated Mr. Douglas was not a regular democratic Con- vulgar Aldermanic instincts to have full nomination for the Presidency, will b e found vention, it mutt be confessed that Breckinridge is in thetame condition te thatraped. The Convention that nomi- swing, thus making the place a scene of de- wanting on election day, because their favorite nated him, although it was composed of nearly all theslavery in t h e Territories, withdraws his support frompleasant, friendly correspondence between hardatworktoformsuchacoalition,"andthat theticket,andannouncestbeopinionthatthepositionof tionoftheUniononly,andinthat,ifinamajorityat vpeople who felt themselves members o f o n e we may confidently expect In d u e season " a Breckinridge and Lane is no better for the South man that all, they have a large minority against them. If elect-*-, then,theirelectioncouldonlybetotheelectoralcollege,family, and showshow strongly,after all,the hybrid,tesselated,three-legged anti-republican of DouglasandJohnson. I have tbe highest authority representingaminority ofthe peopleoftbe Union,anademocratic sentiment of this republic pervades ticket, on which all the strength of the hostile for making this announcement. Senator Brown and only one section of the Union at that. Y et tbe re- publicans talk much about a n election b y t h e peopleeven the courtly circles of the mother country, factious will b e concentrated/' Douglas men, family left this morning, en route for Mississippi.Was this such a n election oomtempkicd c y I k constitution. He believed It was an election m a o te b» bepiored aad likely to prove fatal to the Union. He ins in favor o f throwing t b e electioi into Congress if •* party running in tbe whole Union could receive a Ma- jority of the people of the Union to hie flavor. It » said that Congrees was so constituted that it could a s elect a President in accordance with the obligation u_-4__r the constitution. H e believed under such a t u e sf hflairs the man meet likely to be elected, aad be a_laaaS said the only maa that could b e elected, is John BcU,sf Tennessee. (Applause.) S o w was It paesibls to three tbeelection into Congress when it was found thatat candidate could secure a majority o f tbe people of tk wholeunion. Inhisjudgmenteveryloverefi*t Union should throw aside b i s prejudices a a d an•._•*• secure such a result. If men who never bad po_iuo__ PH-t.m*_i in common c a n combine and unite t e estmn agitation and strife upon a nation, and areata sectMse bate between those who are of common lineage and ha** a common country to protect. Why, in Go., t OUST cannot those who love the Union aad revere tbe eanstsiup to the very throne itself.Mr. Buchanan extends to the Queen a kindlyinvitation to her son to the hospitalities of his home at Washington, in a homely and good na- tured fashion, entirely devoid of useless verbi- age, or the complimentary language o f court«The opinion is expressed here by prominent Southern Breckinridge men. Bell men, Houston men. and men, that if the contained opposition to BreckinridgeThe Breckinridge men offer bets freely that tbe State justasarepublicanPresidentoughttodo;and theCrotonBoard,andrenewing,intheoldfash- cannotbenamedthatwillgive Douglasaaelectoralvote.the Queen, responding in a like spirit, addresses him as " my good friend," winding up her brief autograph letter with the words, " The Princehim. The Board of Aldermen have postponed Consort wishes t o b e kindly remembered t o any action upon the matter until this evening,No takers.A distinguished Southern Senator said to-day that anyyou. I remain ever your good friend, Victoria.ion,theirattacksupon"hisExcellency"theMayor, a s Lord John Russell recently styled prominent man in the South w h o dated advocate t b eProminent democratic politicians here from Pennsylva-R,,"thelastletteraloneindicatingthatthe tofilltheplacesoftheofficialsremovedfor niaassertthatLincolnwillcarrythatButebyadecided Ikeanibiueandunitetofinagreatandgoodact?(Tre-communication was indited by royal fingers.It is quite a domestic correspondencealleged disagreements and insubordination.popular majority.TELEGRAmc OSStBTSUATTOX BSTWSO RTSSU ANT- AMBRICA.mendous applause )A Vox*—Say that over agate. (laughter asd efc*er») Mr. Hrxr—No;no. Ihave said It once, now _•_***_act upou it. He declared that informattoo from <*•** South gave ind.cm.o_-Sof the success of tbe Uuiea *_-_-*• in a large majority of the Stake. The people u! tar so-cB are tired of agitation and tbe distraction o-_o-_*s•v»-t *m+a diacussioD ot those absti actions They <l***r- »»-_•<• •_» rest from sectional strife. I k believed tbe day goinc »f when tbe people of the States of New York an* Yir_.a_a would longer tight ever t h e abstract qu. -.I**- wh«.U»* \ slavery shall or shall n o t b e allowed in the israeru« ItaborNew Mexico. Inconclusion bedeckre-thatk ebould bold himself bound by all tbe principle of boner andieiy to do ah in his power te promote the amctwn at Bell and Everett. A s t o tbe ssede b y whwh taey .•__* secure this result they must be practice, men, and do t i t beet to defeat tbe rand-dates who represent sectKm*-; _• North and South. He was not prepa-ed te say what ambe precise way to accomplish the object, sol when here's a will there's a way.ndIfallsodettrmlnesotodo Itcan bedone, a-be tevtd that thk State can now be thrown so at u- aecari bedefeatoftheeecttooalcandidatebyaminority<*tk* leople. This washisplatform. (Uiodapokoae>Thef*young Prince that friendly, unceremonious, butcongratulation, meantime, that the arrange- ments for his visit to New York preclude the pos- sibility of his falling into the hands of the Alder- men.istence of several gross errors and serious mis- management in the Croton Board.Russian government from tbe tact of the failure of the Atlantic cable. The line from the mouth of the Am wr to California, via Bhering Straits, win require hut a single cable, aad that not longer Una sixty miles.and the Mayor has not nominated any personsIf the Aldermen do not see fit to act upon the I lean from Mr. Collins, Consul to the Amoor, that histhroughout, and will do much to obtain for the message of "his Excellency" the Mayor, there project for telegraphic communication from Basse, themay be some developements made of a startling eastern terminus o f telegraphic communication i s Euro- respectful,receptionherewhichheismanifest- characterwithreferencetotheCrotonAque- peanRussia,tothemouthoftheAmoor,andtheauthoriz- ly entitled to, and which h is mother evidently ing thence o f a survey for continuing t h e U s e throughduct Department Mayor Wood may find i t the Russian possessions in Asia and America, as stated in expects at our hands. I t i s a matter o f great necessary to indite a document showing the ex- my despatch last night, was more readily adopted by theIfin relation to every other public department inbedinVreuc.ofopinionhereaatothebeatmad.•» Be should not be willing himself, a t t - t a rirtj 7tothepahlta,Ila< wholepattyuponanyplatform.Thus,thisTrtbtmeteasactivelyrecommendingtheclaimshangedinpublicthisdayatnoon,onBedloe's o»msncasxAtTorWAB. periodoTtbecanvas,toformanehctorelticketHtosofNew York may havea of themaster.ltssHI IIIIIMIIBII lailil is teheaahiacrossflatvery division of the party, if properly managed, mayresultinavictorywhich otherwisewouldof Mr. Breckinridge upon the Northern demo-cracy. Ofcoursetheobjectof tneWhigistomake an opening through the broken ranks ofthe Southern democracy, through whichMr. asceneinNewTork Bayaathis daywillwit- Bell a n d h is party may come off the victors;teveda eeeamittee might be formed aad empo-<•-«<"• "•*utare nay te form an electoral Uckrt. an.t pit *torth te Union men for eapport Com mm* *4fcat m w M fhn anith 'iof tinwhile tbeobject oftheTriburaistouseoessary mason varit la ha laid for shehaw* ding of theheof the residents la iacuities for thedrive. This propoattioa a portion of the ©eject to, alleging that to make a ciof theNorthern democracy, so that"Old pleasureexcursion. Oneannouncementishead-Mr.Buchananindicates thewaytothisvieto-ty. The New T « k democracy and the Ylr-gink sVmoeracy are moving in the right direc-tion. A State Convention on the subject is to Breckinridge to break the annointed head beheldinVirginiaonthe16thofAugust Letthe party in other States follow this example,aad doubtless, 1a due season, we shall have tbetwo factions of the democracy fighting underthe best possible programme o f co-operationfor* tTBsliteg dotes*af "Old A ba Lincoln' North or South. Mt Buchanan has been giving mtt,4mmusismaMtmmmr!rmSrness Already we perceive indications of what the day will bring forth. Steamboats are adver- tised to take people to the island, as if it were aing Secretary of War in Gov. FloyJ's absence.P i k e s P e a k . 8r.JOSUTH,JulyIt,I860.By the Pike's Peak express,which arrived hwt evening, we have the following:— DawrsitCrrr,July6,IBM.Yesterday was appropriately celebrated as the nation's birthday by s aattaaal salute, procession aad other lute resttog exercises. The day passed off without accident ordisturbance,saveaaboMlngaftrayataraceintbeaf teraoon.The reeent favorable reports from the Arkansas mines are confirmed.nd weald maintain the principles ef Washington *_••' -»« ereank aBtkrlrpurity,end notas n__--!owruret«d** ecttonal partite oi the nrenait day. Waahmpu *-•' - *» forsan never called upon t h e North to act .tarf op a_>• politicalsectiontohuMilitytotheSouth,betbothwan** their eoot-trymen with the parting words —'• »•*•*_*'« of geographical parties aad -..visions." la support of ik Union end the constitution h e wuul.i stand by the p*-*tothe test. Q/tudprotrectedcheers.)Bon JAMISBBawoKS, in appropriate remarks, a_n.-.i.j*that it wee hie pJaa«iag enty to move the r.im.<'>n ^ the nomination* made a t BnaUinore. I k U* n*»a» originallybeenaHoustonman,believuigthattA>»trJ arm—well versed a s he was in palittca and i>. ., - * aeeesser) to put down the growing and d_u 4<** aggression. B k enlarged upon ._.• •partus, aad deckied that the awry evMs writ. * .ii_- ten foresaw in b k farewell address •«. . 1* country; hence t h e necessity e f t b a V 1hence thk meeting of eld gvutUo ., »•" aiidtHhKtl-a^hlmwUha^n^Walaapiev.-.!^!•*Abe" m ay walk over the course. W ethe Mayor wouldpursuet h esamecoursen x s a w T oaz n r o u s USBMT ATJOTM m KASIAS.The selections for the New Tork Indians within the AGAINSTEACHOTHER.—Itissomewhatamusing hasdoneinthiscase,hewouldbesupported NewTorkreserrationtoMas—havingbeenmadesad approved by the Secretary of the Interior, the remainder of therea«TatIon hasbeenturnedovertetheGenerU LandOfficefordisposalasotherpublicmads,andproper instructions to that effect barebeentransmittedtotbeby the whole people, without any reference toto observe that while the Richmond Whig, theleading organ of Bell and Everett in Virginia,iszealouslyurgingthe claims of Mr. DouglasupontheSoutherndemocracy,theNovTork usualcustom.EUaiHicks,thepirate,willbe localofficers.Secretary Ftoyd wUl leave for bis home in a few days,and haabsent about twoweeks,beingcalledthereb/THE HANGINGSTHE BAT.—-According to theIsland. Wecouldhavewished thattbeexecu- tionbadbeenmoreprivate. ;Ithasbeenalong time since tbe sun has looked down upon suchbusinessofaprivatenature.CMDrinkardwillbeact-mighttheywouldstandfirmlybyV,eI'uined • Ho! for the Execution"—an instance of vulgar heartteesnees touly revolting. It will not be possible, o f course, to prevent a gatherUntitled Document^ Lisland where Hicks will pay the just penalty ofthem worn hints H i c h will probably recall tie-law, and it is no t unlikely that the publicity State*, and the arrivals tress the State! are decreasing rathemtotheirinses. Letuswaitalittle.of the execution will detract from its valne as I T i 5The weather k hcLaF13069www.fultonhistory.comulton New Yorkelection of Douglas in the South would be burned in effigy. USOOLX'S raosnen n> ftommvAsu.BusWisa Is still dull, but improvingslowly.* *"*answ*l*lgMl^Bws*••"• sww^Br^Bjw/H^»V ^av ^aW^s^iamo^sT IH I sww wWwwJority o f die people. They have their party in one t « - As average of forty teams par day are returning to the 