 WHOLE SO. 8631. AFFAIRS IN EUROPE.1s^g^^^^WO*^* '*^^ Sta»trfa^anen^tjBStetoat i e 9*7 lAttr •>J l i t Han**rian at Pr/tU*ei.Hr Loa-oi, M 4 M i l ud St. Petenbug OonttDondeocf.SUNDA Y MORNING,JANUARY 15, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS, Otar St.Russian Fottcy in the .Safdiniaand AnUpathyto tat Pepe't,Antonelli Threaten* RetaKaHcm-Position « the Lot* Pop. Towards Poland—Napoleon Distrusted at Rome in theRutnan War—Trade with China ami Alarm of the fatTHEPOPEANDHE NAPOLEONPAMPHLET.WTEIESTI1W HSCELLAMKO0S I!ITELLI6E!IGR eto.(Tbe QueenLeNerd declares that Lord John Russell has directed theEnglish Envoy at Madrid to abstain for at least six monthsfrom pressing for tbe payment of the debt of £500,000,due from 8pnto to England. It adds, however, that the attempted at Palermo. Madrid Cabinet will decline ti avail itself of the delay, and"wouldutterlyrahtoteJodescribethai:wonderfulthings horrorofdemocracy,whichieoneefthe hivetoldMr.NicholasKtotetoff,corenvoyatRom.,that thesepeculiarmajrajiatssetbeforet&fdyfcof thepwer"England supplied Spain during the civil war with stores Tbe steamship Hungarian left ljverpool at 1 P. M. on to the value of 12,OCO,00«r, more or less. About twenty tbe 2Mb Deceatber, touched at Queenstown tbe toDowmg years pasted away without any claim for payment. It day, aad arrived at Perttoad at seven o'clock thia molrf is even pretended that Lord Aberdeen declared to a re- teg presentative of Spain in London that payment wouldQUKSMSTOWN, Thursday, Dec. 29,1869.Tbe Edinburgh arrived at 2:80 P. M-, and proceeded to compartments of carved oak and gold. But besides alwillbedue*toNewYorkatmidnight.THE EUROPEAH COJTGREBS.isquadronwascruisingoffTangier,andwhenabom- lat50deg.85min.north,Ion.13deg.35min.west bardment of tbe place was thought probable on accountWhileIamthusspeakingoftheattractionsoftbetea-ton I must not 'emit the annual exhibition of Messrs.Giroux, in the Boulevard dee Capucines. The capitalwhich this house embarks in good*, purely for the purposeof rtmmo, or New Year's gifts, is so great that I amafraid to. trust myself with the figure. It is not onlyworks in bronze, to toil scalple, not only clocks, stationery majority of two hundred and thirty to two hundred and Ms priests over their flocks was used rather to pa- and toys of the moat expensive character, bat objects of five. In my opinion, it would have bren more manly, cify than to excite them to resistance. Even during the the highest art, such as subjects in marble from the chiselof Pradier, paintings from the first masters of the day,curious things In shell and ivory, caskets of almost priceless value, that are found there by tbe thousand. Threespaciousfloors,eachcomprisingseveralrooms,are ladenwith these things; aad, what is a great convenience,PoRTum, Ma., Jan. 14,1MO,and it was ministerially announced in the Diet at StoJk- payment of the debt in question in the most precise andSugarfirm and ea. higher. Rice quiet All other ar- before constituted a portion of it The encriert, as usual, or prejudices of their raters. afford gnat scope to variety and beauty of design. Thisbohn that in the Congress Sweden will pursue a policy to. pressle^pterma. It was agreed that the amount due—de-ticles quiet, owing to the holidays.IivKRPooL, Dec. 28—1 P. V.year tbe materiel it carved oak and bronze, blended toconformity with her constitutional interest finitively fixed at the round sum of 12,000,000 francs-A Para despatch says the Papal Nuncio had intimated should be paid in four instalments. But the language ofto Count WalewaU that it is an impossibility for the Peps England has been so barbs, so violent even, that certainThe i u mors current in reference to the dismissal ofCotton slow of sale, but prices unaltered. Sales to- day iece, there is a note or paper case, in bois scapU and General Benin, which I adverted to in my last report, have ment at tbe approaching Congress, and Incline the Em-to be represented at the Congress if aa official denial were not giren to the rumored authorship of the pamph" let "Le Papa et la Ooagrea."A telegraphic despatch from Rome also says that tie Duke of Grammont had been officially informed by (hi-prices of these range from sixty to seventy live francs. In speaking of mare tpiritueue things, the grosser ma teritl which administers to more vulgar appetites is notthought necessary to publkh an official contradiction of them in the Prussian Gaiette. As usual, however, thehas evinced hitherto, in order to secure her co-operation in allaying tbe storm that seems to be brewing to his own dominions.started in thefinancialworld te open a subscription to pay dtoal Antonelli that to consequence of the publication Of tbe debt forthwith. Perhaps the reason why this patrioticTHB LATEST VIA QCKENSTOWK. LIVERPOOL, Dec. 29,1869.Cottonsteady,and slightlyfirmer:sales today, 8,000 bales, including 1,000 on speculation and for export.Breadstuffs quiet but steady. Provisions dull: sales unimportant Produce unchanged.tbepamphlet"LaPipeetlaCoagret,"thedepartureOf tbe first plenipotentiary of the Stales of the Church for Paris, to be present at the Congress, has been postponed.•GREAT BRITAIN.Nothing of political importance has occurred, and themeasure was not adopt*"!, is that the Spanish treasury will be prepared to pay the sum on the 1st of January, tbe latest date previously fixed by Lord John Russell.No additional engagements in Morocco are reported. Tbe Iberia states that tbe Spanish troops are to march through Tetuan to the following order:—Tbe main body to marchalongtheroadthatisbeingcut,whileGen.Prim with his corps is to occupy the mountains, to protect the.clustered, in every varietyofcombinations,thechoicest fruits, the rarest birds and tbe most magnificent fish that river or sea can famish, with dried meats.of every conceivable character, prepared in every region, and fish Cured in every imaginable fashion Pineapples there are, also, of prodigious dimensions; sat mou of fifty or sixty younds -eight, deer, nheasantsceedB either from Bonin himself or from a person closely connectedwithhim,andcoincides inalmosteveryparti cular with the statements impugned by tbe official print It shows that the army reform proposed by tbe Minister ot War was expressly approved oi by the Prince Regent in the report of a military commission appointed to exa- mine it, and that the alterations insisted upon subsequent- ly by his Royal Highness, and which are supposed to havecomes by land, via Kiakbta, and, of course, the carriage across such an immense tract of country enhances the price enormously, ao that bere to St. Petersburg we have to pay for the same quality of tea at least double what it would cost if the importation by sea were permitted ; to fact, tbe difference would be still greater if a good deal were not smuggled in. Unquestionably, therefore, the abrogation of this aystem would be a great boon to the consumers, but it is very doubtful whether the present moment is well chosen for carrying* it into effect Its first result would be to ruin the Russian merchants engaged in the tea trade, to knock tbe great fair of Xijin Novogorod on the bead, and to deprive thousands of carriers of their em ploy ment in conveying tea from Klakhta through Siberia to European Russia, and Russian manufactured goods toChristmas holidays caused stagnation also in oemmercal rs.Losho*,Dee29—P.M. blackcock,grouseandpoultry,whosewhitenessoffleah emanatedfromhisprivatecabinet,underthedirectionof Consols {'5 Ha MX tot account, ex-dividend. rivals the snow which so lately covered the sills of the General Manteuffel, slid not merely relate topointeof aNEW YORK HERALD.as it were, for the coming season, is rather dank. Thepostponement of the meeting of the Congress from the6th to tbe 25th rather adda to this. and house agents oompaato that apartments do not go off quite as lively as waaanticipated. Stilt with the Court at the Tuileries, thePrince of Orange at the Hotel Brislot, and New Y earsday with its gifts, its receptions, its congratulations, itsthe necessity of maintaining the temporal power et the cards and innumerable addenda, within eight days, every Hennig, had been withdrawn to favor cf M Schuitze one looks brightlytowardsthe future. The shops are toaad given ap tot prosecution of Moata- fork* recent pamphlet oa the Pope.The Jknttaw announces tbe convalescence of Prince Jerome.The Paris dour market had bean heavy, aad to some lower. Wheat was irmly maintained.continued so dear at Bordeaux that speculators deterred from purchasing.M. de CaaaagnsB, on the pampbk-t "The Pope and the Con grew," which the article states hat been wrongly Inter preted by the newspapers The pamphlet does not propose to deprive the Pope of the legations, bu| advises his Holi- ness to submit to the present state of things and proclaimtbe Second Chamber, vice Dr. Jonas, deceased, hat termi-to pronouncing an opinion, aa the Congress alone will de- The Umbsert baa received a second warning for a sin- ckle the question, and ever after that tbe church will re-fall dress; each has tome tempting novelty. M. Tahay, at tbe corner of tie Rue de la Palx, as usual contrives to attract an edrnimag crowd round his window, to witnessBjtejtjttanhiten, etc., dV.The close alliance of our Cabinet with Sardianto, thefavor which It at presumed to shew to the Italian liberate,gular article, and an address to the Pope, signed by M. Louis Veuiliot.main full aad entire.Wynd, on his own book, and managed to gain over s tbe exquisite lif-le mereeause, in tbe shape of New Year's number of votes from the liberal aad democratic camp.will duly pay the money. This is how the matter[stac< Is.The Minister of France at Rome has been obliged to tell consolidated funds to the amount of two millions of francs.very shops, alone, are so many fairy temples, with their tables mcrvsti, their carpetedfloors,mirrored walls, bril Hani plate glass fronts and alabaster lamps, while tbe ceiling above often glows with exquisite paintings, set toin the very capital of tbe kingdom would add to the effect of these insinuations, which are known to have produced a deep impression upon bis mind, and would induce him to throw himself entirely into the arms of the reactionof the main props of legitimacy, discouraged thement to the moat decided manner, aad enjoined uncondi- tional submission to the imperial will. The two govern- ments were then on the moat amicable terms, and conti- nued eo till the secession of the United Greeks to 1838, by which the Roman Catholic hierarchytostseveral millionsLiverpool an hour afterward.Tbe schooner Kelton, which arrived bere thia morningfrom Montevideo, reports having passed a waterlogged Her mails were forwarded by the morning train, and never be required. However, last year, just as a small bark, painted yellow inside, with her masts gone, inthis, there is the attendance of serving maids, whose personalattractions,aidedbytoilettesasrechercheincolorasEnoughhastranspiredoflatetoshowthattbepositionof ofadherents,andwhichtodtoatemporaryestrangementIt mreitered that tbe Congress meets on the 1Mb of Ja- nuaryof insults offered to the Spanish flag from the pirates of tbe Riff, tbe Spanish government received a first and most pressing application to pay the debt aa s o u asCOMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE- LONDON MONEY MARKET.The London money market was unchanged, with a good dement.The Liverpool cotton market was fully reported by the New York at Halifax.LIVERPOOL *&REAP8TrFF8 MAHKET. Messrs.Richardson,Spence&Co. reportflourquietbutnexion that, though the late Emperor waa a sore a severe struggle, General Von Brandt was returned by a oppressor of the Romish church, the great influence ofAD announcement to a St. Peteraborf Journal effectually possible. Animated by a sentiment of justice and dig-dispela any doubt whether tbe Russian Minister for Fo- reign Affairs would be present at the Congress Prince Uortechakoff has been formally appointed chief Ruatian plenipotentiary, aad woo!d leare St. Petersburg for ParisTbe chief Spaatohrepresentativewill be Senor Catderon tfeUaates, as Seaer MarUaes de la Rosa declinea to accept the postSweden will be represented by General Nordin, who will be assisted by the ordinary Swedish Envoy at Paris,nity, the Spanish Cabinet answered that it was disposed to pay all legitimate demand's, and consented that a com mission should be appointed to examine the account in question. This was during Lord Derby's ministry. The accounts were passed, and the government professed its readiness to pay tbe amount, but tbe English government showed no eagerness to receive it. War was declared some time after, and then Lord J. Russell, as if jealous of LordMalmesbary,notonlyviewedtheSpanishdifference with Morocco in the same tight as he, but also claimed theheat ot the Oriental war they remained quite passive, and and perhaps even more polinflpto have nailed their colors did nothing to add to the dtfficnlttea under which Russiajournals have token the matter up, but a proposition wasunchanged. Rice quiet seed oil, 27s 6*1.Tallow quiet at 58s. fid. Lin-The utmost consternation hah been excited among our China merchants by the intelligence that the Htorrt^r of they have called forth an expose of the whole transac- Finance bas resolved to throw open thetoa'tradeand put an end to the monopoly they now exercise. At presentPope. M. de Ctastgnie adds:—The pamphlet confines ItselfDelitssch; but unfortunately his place was occupied by aperson of the name of East, who fought,ttkcBarry of thePjRja, Dec 29—3!» P. M. Market closes very flat Rentes 89 money and 68 80gifts his invrntive fancy creates The paptterie or stt- ttonery shops, too, are always great at wis season, as, in addition to their own proper ware, they, by tbe laws ofEven this, however, would have been insufficient to pre-lbs Bourse exhibited a decidedly declining tendency. fortheEirtpfiwtherente*closedonthe27that69a90,afallofone-halfaccount,beingnearlyonepercentlowerthanyesterdaytheirgnilt,haveaipecMRttcforcariousuresestnkstsnis.actbeenforconFiderattonaconnectedw*ththegeneraltaVearlikelytoinvjMspusindifflcultteawiththeRemanAfter regular business hours an official note waa potted at er note stands, paper cases in bote svalpte—any work ofpar cant since Saturday. art, to fact, which bas an affinity with the ix-n; an<> tbe political situation by which many of the electors were in- Catholic priesthood in Poland an! Lithuania, who are altheBourse,givingadenialtothestatementthatthePapal beautyofsomeoftheset/ijf'Uxofthestudyi*;extraordi-fluenced. readycommencingaaagitationwhichmaytendtovery SP AIN, Nuncio intended visiting Parte. Prices, after having nary. Then again.therbon-bonS shops hefeak forth with.,safely delivered of a Princess oa the touched 68.55, rose again to 6880 or same as the official lull bloom at this season Time7and language, indeed; Lhave frequently had occasion to allude,-en the morbid SSpleaaant nnataanaana Cardinal Antonelli a said toclosingprices.LOSDOS, Dae. 29,1859 The King of Naples hat sent declarations and presentsh» brother The Camarilla, who are st»tery powerful are constantly dinning into hit ears that the course of the present ministry is leading them on to the brink of a revotote care that the* « d e does ass apsa her atto the Director of PoUce, whose assassination was latelyplenty of materiabsubstantial value. The tableaux by which this gracifal who had met there proposing a series ofresolutionsto the The Duke of Malakoff had arrived in England, and had! Letters from Constantinople of tbe 14th ult state that square vicinage. Mr. Rowley, in addition to being a bazaar are surrounded are perfectly unique in their cha- Frankfort Diet They are fire in number, to wit:—saving v i a them rifles loaded with ball cartridges.The Loadoa Haass, to • leader oa slavery to the United: Stales, aad the revuSton to favor of the Southttn States, caused by the vagarieseftbe abolitionists, says:—The Unionat* the American people to act only of importance to them- selves, but to the world at large. It has been fully proved, act only oa tbe American oonttoeat, but in our own coto- ates, that the (breed equality oftbe asiopean aad African raw tends aet to tbe elevation of tbe black, bat to tbe asgradaitoa oftbe white man. We cannot And any sym-One would suppose England might be content with so this capital has been signalized by events which have zero Centigrade, or 21 Fahrenheit, was on Tuesday much; but having nettled the impracticability, ass gees made his name widely known in diplomatic circles, whichan Principalities with France, Russia and Prussia The pathy tor those who would try, to the Uoitsa States, tbe amount will be sixty millions of francs. Among otherfactories worked by steam could with difficulty be kept sa- with thia.ws** for toe* of water. Nothing like it has been expe- In theatricals the crest event bas been the reappear the Czar He added, that as long as the allies persisted inptoaefahalfcasterepublic,aadwetrustthatAMIfederal securitiesthelandedpropertyoflbsconventswillbeance of Roger, after his accident. It will be recollected the system of operations which they had followed since rienced In Paris since 1840; and bad the frost continued, that thia celebrated ainger, when out with hit gun, a few the commencement of the siege, the defence of Sebastopolvery serious inconvenience must have ensued. The Seine weeks since, met with an accident which resulted in tbe might be indefinitely protracted, but that if they directed was not entirely frozen ever, but would undoubtedly have amputation of his right arm. It was thought impossible all their efforts against tbe Malakoff, tbe capture of that In the event of his recovery—atfirsta subject of consider- fort, which was the key of the whole position, wouldbeen so to another twelve hours. Great blocks of toe were able doubt—that be would ever be able to resume the render tbe place untenable, and Sebastopol would have togovernment and the right thinking part ef toe ettbennnity anil protect the South fmu a repetition efas Una of Harper's Ferry.the fanes correspondent at British Columbia complaint1pledge' TheBtohop of Orleans has written aa answerto the pamphlet on the Roman question. Its language is toed as exceedingly violent' the oanduet of the United States authorities on the alandstored, and what is so less surprising, an arm has been stier by a Prussian functionary with whom he had formed only. Belgium was separated from Holland by a con- made for him of such ingenious contrivance that when, a connection', be hastened to communicate it to Louis Na- ference of the great Powers asssatasSd to London. Again,'< tie American officers carried out reluctantly bat with the orders ef Gen. Barney,moneymarketbadbeenquietundertheinencouraging any hops of lmprorsshtal. Piece goods bad declined, and yarns ware tower; sneaawsteely. Freights to Liverpool,** fid. a 35s.Paris, while wearing the virgin mantle of winter, with itscapped towers and fretted pinnacles, guttering dented for tbe feat entirely to machinery. The house, or other tbe affair got wind: Count Manster had* S P»r cat* for beat bins. tP»M*lhtl*J*,a.dey.There were aotobe stoking fast, but suddenly* the cough abateJ, tbe ago aialng stitch in his side gave way on the application of s blister, aad tbe patient obtained some hours of refresU uig steep. Late to the evening of Saturday it WM reportedat the Bois de Boulogne with such determine 1 ranour that they used out—either bending or breaking them— three swords each, aad did not ooa*e the struggle till each parts Was wounded. They parted, mutually pledgingi they didreport with afictitiousdespatch, siauug that he haJ htl aa interview with M. de Schleinitz, who had assured him that the Prince Regent had no idea of interfering Is Bttto-tola the latogritT of the Atiatrian d-cnitaoiJosasa in Italy, audGrand Dukee or Ceural Italy constitute a thorny question. The sovereigns are connected with Austria by family twe aad by treaties. Aaetrie conimenced the war to aptteaf tha representations cf all Europe; she fhouML Meat quently, endure the fate of war,and * * • £ » ? • " "•«Thesfaedbviteprto- m perfectly correct »L* Papa et to Qistces" sa astates that Frahee, far from in of the Pope, will,targe crowd assembled to the court at the bee* atli*" after hair as hour that the Marquis anceeeded to wound- neutrality of Prussia This despatch Louis Napoleon without the content of lursito ^0*4ii°fin«. at tbe head of the Ministry for Foreign Affairs Paiasfioyal, fancied that the sundsrswhioh wares Btai toflbta saiagoniat in tbs hio, when the seconds interfered, showed to France) Joseph at VUlaBrassm^ aad, Imagtoiu/ 1 to proceed to an armed **jr/«TMi°*'"tothewasJtoissbaersT- " ^ t * * * a a d t o g**ik. BouiseaawthghQygivenwa>.*•""-•'-* » uilttllAiMt, 'itrincrntoAlfruarnfiKam/wlcr»if*H•>*!•—•that Pruwia is quite delighted to see M. de Mousuer trassKsnw city article, dated Tuesday evening,is turned to mud and darkness. No city is more steadilyclranod than Paris; for the Instant the standing army ofscavengers—which numbers about 8,000, all di- to greater advantagea*»t for the reaction on the Paris Bourse coo-i spaa the refusal of the Pope to sand a repreeensv who will have to report on the conduct ef tbe>totheCongressunlesstberecentpamphletshallbeedViaUy repudiated, thetesdeacywould have been towards atoastt; three lieutenants, tts governors, eight generalsi «and a retaliation ww cOocTURKEY.vtMted the Queen at Windsor. wife beater and tbe supporter of a wealthy woman of Measures are about being taken for placing Chatham after numerous sittings, resolutions have been adopted fashion, has stealthily obtained goods from various Westracter. There is to be seen M Ooort's famous picture of the martyrdom of Saint Agnes in the Roman Forum, 303 years alter tbe birth of Christ The perspective of this extraordinary work 1st80 admirably managed that wePublicity of the proceedings of the DietEqualization of the civil and criminal legislation of the States composing the Germanic Union.A federal law of citizenship.dockyard in a thorough state of defence, fa) accordance wnl the report of the Commissioners on the National De fences.Mr. Wright, tbe celebrated comedian, had died, after a son,( and painful illness.calling upon Europe to settle the Suez Canal question in its political bearings, by guaranteeing the integrity of the Turkish empire. M. Thouvcnel, French Minister, and the four other Ambassadors, had agreed to that arrange- ment. The Grand Vizier and Fuad Pasha had drawn upEnd tradesmen.After this, report speaks of another parson—a dean,The Chinese goverasaent was gathering together its very limited means ef defence.have requited him far all hit previous torture. Roger's voice is improved by the compulsory rest he has given it; and hit warmest admirers agree that be never appearedthe orcer of things which existed previous to the \ are the facta accomplished atoee the 29th of ,'be acknowledged t If tbe majority of thai thefirstof these two alternatives, the^ "means to execute tbe decree or theShould tbe employment of forcewhat Power will be onlrrtttodclause r Above all, the Oeataraat toll have totbe question of right The Cssgrese of Zurich de- cided that the rights of the Graad Debet are reserved. England, on the contrary, aaatatatoa that the people have a right to cheese their sovereign and the forts ofopened with treat dullness at the closing From Japan the most Important news »the menifthat the government waa about tolate companies, potto, squadrons, h e , inof Satorday.and without theahghtost tJcasff to the United States. They ware to leaveFebruary. There will be two commissioners; twosteamer Paramatta, suspends flaps. Burtea't eertifieate twelve months. *Vnwva, Bee. 38, ltflO. According to atelegraphicdespatch received by Countfix a quarrel upon him. Iu the first iutiance they fought quatoted tbe Emperor with the faote, but accompanied his is merely a htotottoal question, whi.e the rights of thetoo—having been very naughty ru-a-ru to two titters, in almost fancy ourselves standing in the midst of the ICter-the neighborhood of Ely. These young ladies, strange to say, have both presented twins to the very reverend de- linquentReform of the military system of the Union by an or- ganic, but not numerical increase of the army.Mr. Commodore Arcedeckne, who left the States exnotifications to that effect,' which were sent to different pressly to be present at the annual dinner of the Royal be struck with tbe close resemblance which modern Paris to conciliate public opinion, being identical withAlbert ^mith had a severe attack of apoplexy for a day Powers. Le Nord says the French government will cease London Yacht Club, quitted town this morning for Ma- is made to bear to ancient Borne. The Madeleine, the the pioposals made by the National Convention ofor two He was in a critical state, but the latest accounts' to press the Suez Canal question for the present. say hopt'8 were entertained of his recovery.deira, in company with Sir Charles and Lady Ibbetson. Place de la Concorde, the Chamber of Deputies, the Tri- Eisenach ; but there is no doubt that what these go- The Commodore hopes to be back for the fag end of the umphal Arch in the Place du Carousel, all seem to find vernments have most at heart is the strengthening ofFbilacier Hal), second ot'e, and Daniel Davenport,,boatswain, of the American ship John Bright, were underarrest at Liverpool, charged with causing the death of a news is unimportant. seaman, named Green, by til usage during tbe voyage.pantomimes.O n r P a r i s C o r r e s p o n d e n c e .PARIS, Dec. 22,1859.their exact counterparts in the Forum, the arch of Seve- their military establishments, though It is difficult to un-rus and the large open space to front of the Forum- derstand what they mean by an "organic" and the extremity of the island of Chovsina, a small islet with There is also to be aaen M. Court's grand tableau of Boissy not "numerical' increase of the federal army. a dangerous reef extending four miles to the north, whichLATEST VIA hivsapoou.LOXDOJJ, Dec. 23,1859.Lord lUetixigs is dead.* A movement is on foot for a submarine cable across the thirty mftfa between Land's End and the Scilly Isl-ands, which would then be a port of call for ships arriv- ing in tbe Channel for orders.(in Sunday sight a riot occurred between some regular troops aad mllltternrn m tbe camp at Aldershot. Threemilitiamen wire ihot dead. Hx soldiers were arrested,, erpool August 2 for Australia, was burnt at MelbourneIntensely Cold Weather—The Scavenger of Paris—Prince Jerome Not Dead—The Holiday Season, Present*, dte.—when it meets again I presume we shall have more pre- The lighter matters incidental to the time of Christmas cise accounts of the issues they intend to introduce. TbeCAPE OP GOOD HOPE.Cape of Good Hope dates are to November 30.Tbe British ship of war Viper had taken into St Helena a captured slaver, of whose cargo 687 had died during the passage.The recent gales at Port Elizabeth had entailed losses computed at over £20,000 sterling.T H E V E R Y L A T E S T . . BTTSXEcaarHraoaiUISDOHASD UVBHFOOLTOQCKEI8TOWNVreceived tbe name of "America Island." She had pre-viously discovered, on her voyage to the Petchelee, theport of Nahodka, situate in 42 deg. 46 min. N., and133 deg. 2 min 30 ace. E. of Greenwich; besides whicha rock was discovered by the Voivoda, in the Sea ofThed' A Dglais, which gives such a graphic portraiture of the En attendant, the Diet bas adjourned over tbe times cf the National Convention. Christmas holidays, till the 5tb of January, andhave leit me hut little room lor politics.The London Morning Post, in consequence of the stronglanguage it has employed with regard to the proposal offet and Count de Lauriston—The Beat Cause o/Quarrd—The Duel, 4tcWhen things come to tbe worst, it has been said, they sometimes mend—areflectionnot inappropriatetothe present state of the weather. The temperature, whichaflair of the Hessian constitution dees not appear to haveLONDON, Dec. 29—Evening.The ship Herald of the Morning, which sailed from Liv- marked on Chevnllier'a thermometer 6^ degrees below terprise impracticable, therefore impracticable it must ta> of Francis Joseph. Tbe residence of M. de Moustier in(EO date given).Colonel Cadogan, the military attache ft the British le-gation in Piedmont, hat been ordered to proceed to thenight so intolerable that every one, even those seasonedanimals, tbe porter* d'esw, who, hot or cold, wet or dry,fulfil their dally rSU of conveying to the loftiest storiesout of her way to prove politically—as far as she herself is concerned—its inadmissibility. Hence the heart burn- ing in the French newspapers is only a reflex of that which Is felt in higher quarters. There is a determina-have exercised a decisive influence upon the fate of Fu rope; for, strange to say, both the fall of Sebastopol and the peace of Villafranca have been in a great measure owing lo bis intervention. In August, 1853, Count Manster, thePrussianmilitaryagentattheCourtofStPetersburg, sent a private despatch to General Gerloch, the King's principal Aide de Camp, giving him authentic detailshea1QuartersofGeneralTantiatBologna. Thisfactis theirdiurnalsupplyofwater,werebeginningtoex- tiononthecarteftheEmperortomakeitacongressionalconsidered at Turin as a new proof of tbe interest taken by tbe British government in Central Italy.It is reported at Paris that M. ouizot is engaged on a pamphlet on the temporal power ef tbe Pope.Prince Causa intends to contract a loan fer the Danubi-« SdtofcJ? from CtSptsto are to Nov. 22 and Hong Kong 15A. jRiaigutU there was little or nothing doing to ex-gradually welding together in the stream, and only re- duties of hit profession. Bat he has been perfect'y re- be evacuated. Thia despatch waa betrayed to M. de Mou- The kingdom of Greece was established by three Powersquired a very little help from the icy temperature to be- of many petty acts calculated to annoy Brtttsh au- ports Tim jsssssli |if lnailins; articles of produce were too comeflrm and solid.Baa Juan, both civd and military. They have bean, subjects Instances are given; aad it is stated toad, which were to C«to*sPISt#ere considered as notduring his part on the occasion of his reappearance, he poleon, and the consequence was that the Russian was required to take from Saint Foye something in hit attack failed, and that a change to the ayatom of right hand, be was able to do ao with such perfect facility operations took place which led to the down- and grace that no one would have suspected ho was en rail of tbe great Muscovite stronghold. Somehowin the month of April tost, it wsa proposed in convoke tbefive great Powers, solely to decide en the fate of Italy. Atpresent it is determined to appeal to a Congress of all thePowers who signed tbe treaty of Vienna, which treaty hasundergone a change by the present situation of Italy andNaples. Rome aad Sardinia will, moreover, be ad- !*~ mitted TheapproachingCongreeswillhavefirstto Ihightoadatttof spasattsa^and the reperto from BugIf nothing could he mere picturesque and beautiful thanIts inconvenience was becoming extreme: fountains wereice bound, pipes were everywhere bursting, and manu-which, it is assured, proceeds from high authority, and which holds out a promise of settling the Italian difficulty. I will endeavor to procure the orochtsre, and forward itzorucki, had informed him in the strictest confidence that on such and such a day the Muscovite Commander-in- Chief would cross the Tchemaya and attack the allied en- trenchments, havingreceivedorders to that effect fromtion that presents itself te thai what Powers ought to be invited to take part to tor First, the Congress ought cer- tainly to be composed of representatives from the five great Powers. According to the principle laid down at the Congreas of Vienna, no change should take place to Europe without the consent of the five Powers The Congress of Aix la Chapelie, of Laybach and of Verona, which succeeded the Congress of Vienna, formed a species of tribunal tor the other Powers The war between France snd Spain for the re establishment of Ferdinand V1L waa not the result of that Cwigiettinimitable in grace, would do no dishonor to the salons of palaces.between the Emperor aad the Pope; but the events of 1848—the stand made by Nicholas Paulovitch against the revolution, his hostility to Sardinia, aad the —*--r\m tothe opposite party, and demoralize their own; but bere, aa Russia, notwithstanding tbe "schismatic" character of the firm. Wheat an advancing tendency: good Western red, every article is labelled with the price of sale. in other countries, people are too much accustomed to totter Power and bat own ardent profaaeioaB of attach-10s. a If a 1 d. Corn quiet but steady.LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET*Tbe provision market was quiet, and sales of all arti-cles of an unimportant characterLIVERPOOL PROBCCK MARUT.Among tbe novelties of the present season I observed many really beautiful clocks, at atogularly low prices, ranging from thirjato siity francs. There were also mu sk-al workboxcs.wnwng three or four airs, not soir act ing, but turned witn^iR small grinier, like a barrel organ, aalowaatenfrancsHowevergreattheattractionaatthis famous establishment,towneesof price bas certainly neversacrifice principle to expediency; and beside, they are so nervously afraid of offending the powers that be, and so thoroughly drilled in the habits of passive obedience, thatment to Catholicism, as to reality an attack made by the principles of therevolutionon tbe divine right of kings. Now, however, when Russia bas deserted from the legiti- mate camp and leagues with its worst enemies, the for-gether. and the shape It altogether novel. As a baekestimated at 6,000 bates. Breadstuflk quiet. Provisions Sronze, which is alike convenient and graceful. The created so unpleasant a feeling in public that it was peror to a nwre favorable view of her interests than hedull.by tbe conduct of the English government, that not only tbe Breadstuffs firm. Sugar firm. Coffee buoyant Tea to be passed over. Shops of the renowned Cbevet's vo government scribe went to work so awkwardly that hismembers of the government were anxious to pay the whole at once; and such has been tbe irritation producedLONDON MARKETS.windows before it But were I to expatiate on the other subordinate nature, but were such as vitiated the whole Everything connected with the Great Extern remains flank of the army. Meanwhile the fleet is to proceed The lima city article of last evening says that the funds addenda in the way of patesdefois grot, York hams, bar- plan, and, to fact, substituted another, in which most ofi rels of Ostend oysters, h e , which all help to fill up this to statu quo. The expenses oa board have been reduced along tbe coast, to disperse by its fire any possible force opened at full prices, and improved t, though tbe ac- galaxy of epteuriastam, my letter would never finish.the imperfections of the old system are retained and tbeburthens which the compulsory military service imposeson the people increased, without materially adding to theefficiency of the army. Tntajproject General Bonin declmed, respectfully, but decice ily, to submit to the Cham Kiakbta, where they find their piincipal export market, here; and for this offence he received bis conge in terms tbe merchants being able to ch.-jose of them at a low involving, though not actually expressing, the charge orMto the smallest possible amount, pending the inquiry going that might present itself.counts from toe Paris Bourse were unfavorable, and there was a slight withdrawal of gold from the Bank on tbeon before arbitrators between the company and'Mr. SooftRussell, no works other than those absolutely necessary tent, with three redoubts and other entrenchments. being carried oa. It to impossible to say when the arbi-tration will be concluded.1 alluded in my tost letter to the fact of several American ladies, whose names I gave, having undertaken a fancy oa closing of the year. The demand for discounts was very tear for the benefit of tbe funds of the new American chapel to the Rue de Berri. The sa'e linfthes to night, by whichTbe ship Bteroie Castle, which sailed from the Tham-i on the 15th, for South Australia, wat totally wrecked loi the English Channel. All on hoard, numbering twenty-Tbe Spanish army occupies a line three leagues to ex- GERMANY.All the principal German States have now revoked the prohibition of the export of horses.active. In the open market nothing below 2,1, per cent was taken, but there was no appearace of pressure.O u r L o n d o n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . LOSHON, Dec. 23,1859.time the three days' use of the rooms accorded by M Const, the celebrated artist in tbe Boulevard do Italieos, to the committee, will have terminated. The success which has attended the exertions of these ladies, I am told, is commensurate with the unwearied energy theydisobedience to the orders of his royal chief. A Minister of State dwmissed for disobedience to orders la certainly a novelty in a constitutional country; but Prussian consti- tutionahfm is a plant of very slow and difficult growth, and sonts think it is an exotic that can neverflourishto this ungrateful soil. Bonin resigned his seal in tne Secondfigure in return for the large profits they make on the tea. Uliin ately, it is true, these evils would be more than ba lanced by the benefit that would accrue to the population at large through the reduction in the price of their favorite article of luxury; but in the outset it would occasion a real commercial revolution, and add to the severity of the monetary crisis under whi:h we have just been suf- fering,andfromwhichwearehardlybeginningto emerge. Under these circumstances I should think it likely that Minister Krefivitch would adjourn tbe measure for a while, altbougb the director ot his chamelUrv., Mr. Hageeaeister, who HI looked up to here as a good financial autnority, is zealous in his defence of it, and makes fight of all obstacles.have displayed. To a certain extent tbe magnificent dis- Wrttcked WeaOur, and a Worte State qf Morah—Oate <fplay of art on the walls of M. uoust's beautiful rojnwtohaveperished.Tbeonlyevidenceofthewrecktothe AdvicesfromTurinandMilansaythaitheFrenchpam theHoiwralleftmfeyFamtiy—VLrmtkerClericalScandalrathercounteractedtheattentionofvisiters.Butevery Chamber,andwasdeterminedtoretirefromthescenetwo of passengers and thirty four of crew, are supposedITALY.picking up off Calais of a large number of cases, which farmed part of her valuable cargoTbe ship Lady Franklin, of and from Liverpool for Ma ranbam, cametn collision with an unknown ship at sea, which sank almost Immediately, only one man being;saved. '. A circular from the War Department states that govern*mand of the Eighth corps, which he had atfirstrefused.By the nomination of his successor. General R-xin, theant: liberal faction te tbe minority gam aa adherent, andat the Cabinet councils there will now be four conservativevotes to as many liberals, besides one neutral (Count Paok-ter), who will probably take which ever aide he thinks thestrongest. I am very much inclined to suspect thatatthepresent moment the liberal party is not the strongest, andit would not greatly surprise me to see MM. Auerswald,wellsugaredexterior,whichismarkedoutintocertain Schleinitz,PatonandSchwerinfollowerelongtothewake hadbeenjsettledtothesathfactionofourAmbassadorStenthasdeterminedtoissuetoriflevolunteercorps,after Saghahen,theupperhalfofwhichtheyalreadyhold.the 1st of January, aa additional supply of long Enfield rifles, to the extent of half the effective strength of the) eon*. This supply will raise the aggregate issue to one hundred per cent oa the effective strength of the force.weather—to wit., the police cause now pending betweenthe Hon. Mr. and Mrs Rowley. It seems most probable the magistrate will send the cause for trial, in which case there will be such an additional expose as will astound Belgravia and SyIvonia, and the intermediate Grosvenordepths below, is buried a ring, the value of which is five feuiUes, "for disobedience Io the orders of xheir royalphlet on the Pope has caused an immense sensation both there and in other parts of Italy.RUSSIA.Advices from St Petersburg mention that the Russiangovernment are negotiating for the purchase from the Emperor of Japan of the southern half of the island ofAmerican ladies knew how to observe betwixt desire to vend their charming wares for a praiseworthy object and a system of touting arttelee which frequently invite a con- trast between the real shopwomaa and her ariatocratic imitator much to the <lis|>aragen»*nt of the latter. It is really almoxt the only instance I haVe seen where one never forgot for an instant that tbe parties behind the various counters were ladies. Among the articles to be ralfl*i for is a species of wedding cake, if I may judge from theAccounts received from Japan by way of England state that a difficulty has occurred between the crew of one of our vessels stationed there and tne inhabitants, in which an officer and one or two sailors were killed, but that itSpoken ef-i^nHJie Pro/Ugacy, if True—Commodore Arcedevkne Gme to Madeira, dkThe weather is just now as variable as our publicmorals—now cold, now warm. Today the streets are ankle deep in slush, and the ladies who sport brown hose have decidedly the advantage over those who come out with red and white, these being the colors that now adorn "letrneOctt"of our gals, old and young.one must have been struck with the happy medium the altogether, but has been prevailed upon to asceptthe com-It is also said that the recent requisitions of China ea the Aa for our morale, they are decidedly worse than the divisions, each numbered. In tbe centre, down in the of their military colleague and be relieved of their porteExtraordinary, Count Mouravieff Amoursky. The name of tbe officer is evidently misspelt, but it reads like Moffat, and there actually is a midshipman of that name serving in the Griden, Captain Stromcloff, a corvette belonging to the squadron of Commodore Popofl. He is a son of retired Rear Admiral Samuel Moffat (of Scottish extraction, if I am not mistaken), and tbe family are waiting with great anxiety for more precise intelligence. The latest direct reports we have from Japan go down to the middle of August, and are not without interest The steamer Ame- rica—the same that conveyed Admiral Puuatiu and Mr. Reed up the Pei-ho, In 1858—after landing a courier dee tined for Pekin at Peitang, a river falling into the Gulf of Petchelee. fite mites north of the Pei-ho, weighed an- chor on the 22a July for Port Tel htl-rei, Menchooria, from whence she proceed with Count Mouravieff Amoursky to Hakodadi, while the screw corvettes Voivoda and Novik, and the transport Yaponetit, which had brought a cargo of Saghahen coal, were sent direct to Kanagawa. On her passing through the Straits of Cores, the America discovered nearAmoor are regarded as of less value than was supposed > as the river is frossn six months in the year.chief."guineas, and the fortunate winner, if he shares the cakeonly in common with bis fellow rattlers—for the drawerof a blank is entitled to the division of the cake on whichbis tot is marked—at least carries off the prize of more ences were revealed by therepresentativesof the States,nal City M. Coast, in his catalogue, gives undoubtedauthority for all the various monuments, temples, statuesand triumphal arches he bas there clustered together insuch admirable proportions, and it is impoesi6le not to The fliat three resolutions are evidently introducedJapan, in 42 deg. 14 min. 80 sec. N., snd 137 deg. 17 sec American Chapel in the Sue de Berri, and its American Things are by no means satisfactory with England yet. been touched upon at ail; but this is exactly tbe question E, and called Voivoda. On the 1st of August tbeLady Projeetort—lhe Suet Canal—The Marquis de QaUf-which, at the present juncture, has the moetiuterest for the nation at large, and tbe Wurtzburg confederates are much mistaken if they imagine it can be passed over sub silentio. If Prussia only remains staunch, we shall hear more of It at tbe approaching session of the DietOn Sundsy the French Ambassador. M lo Marquis de Jloustiei,took leave of the Prince Royal, havingbeen recalled from Berlin to represent his master at the CourtAmerica anchored opposite the town of Mttomai, at the entrance of the Straits of Sangae, where she took to wood, and her officers werereceivedvery politely by the j authorities, but not allowed to land.T h e E u r o p e a n Conferees.TBE KC88IAN QCK8TION FOB THEC0N8XDS&ATI0N OP THB" MIMSTKKS.The IntaUde Ruste, in an article entitled "A tomwordt apropos of tbe Congress," explains in' tbe following the policy to be pursued by Russia in the.regulationof theuestiocB which are to be submitted to the deliberations of SMCongress.The Russian journal aays:—"Let us examine what are the principal points to which ihe Congress will direct its inquiries. Itwouldnavebeenextremelyusefultothe month of April tost, because it "would have prevented a terrible loss of blood between two powerful and warlike nations. At present it bas only to pronounce oa facte ac-cutting a canal through tbe Isthmus of Suez, bas been confiscated twice daring eight nays, and those articles which have come before public notice are fallen upon by journals of all parties. It must be confessed England cutsratherasorryfigureInthisaffair. Becausehergreat engineer, the late Robert Stephenson, pronounced tbe en-question; and Lord Palmerstoa perfectly understands that in that case all Europe will vote against him.claim: it is tooacold. Early on Wednesday morning itchanged. The wind suddenly chopped round to the south-west,aad the rigid earth gradually relaxed its stiffness. sion to a pamphlet entitled " Le Pope et le Congress," that the Russian Minister of War, Prince l>ol complished previous to aad since the war- Thefirstques-The Cowtitutwrmtl makes this morning a guarded allu- of the state of things in the Crimea, and intimatingfrosted silver, the contrast la great Indeed, which bad welcomed him from the first with unbounded to leave St Petersburg, the confident of M. de Moustier enthusiasm,immediatelyseisedtheoccasion,andcovered wasarrestedandsenttoprison,andthe FrenchEmperorisuspendedonthe nowthatforthenonceallitsdazzlingbrightnessthemaimedartistwithsuchafloodofsympathyasmostwasrequestedtorecallbisambassador,who,besidestbetheaffairsofCentralItaly.laitnecessarytoreel"&•:despatch to question, had possessed himself of many other documents relative to the private concerns of the Prussian and Russian governments; but Napoleon having further services for ao skilful a diplomatist at this court, he compromised tbe matter by the dismissal ot the SecretaryThe wumde bas been disappointed in seeing Giugltol of Legation, M. Rothon, who waa made the scapegoat for raahion, wearing special uniforms and make his dibtUia "Purhani, ' in consequence of the un- the sins of bis superior. This was the celebrated "theft of according to their respective ranks—can pot fortunate Indtepotlttos of Madame Penco. The new opera despatches" which was often alluded to at the time, but sibly begin operations, they cover the streets like lo- by M Braga, too, at tbe Itabena, hat been postpone 1 in tbe exact details of ahlch were kept a profound secret.consequenceoftheillnessofGardni. Haditnotbeentor' brooms, shovels and scrapers, and, weather Vet di's "Trovatore." in which Glogltoi could take part, the A similar circumstance occurred toward tbe close oTthe.their business te done to twenty-mux hours; atoaadi at thai theatre would have tared badly Indeed. Italian war.at two per in tbe treaty wish the United States. Increasing oonfl- of the duel I gave an account of to. a former tetter, came which Ido not think it advisable to specify, that the Prince that with some iatsaa, that France, Sweden and herselfito and colonels, two interpreters, and (our servants, lbs>despatchefthatcommissionistopursuaaoeofanarticlebutfremtheaa^ratagenotbeingaothoroughlyaubterra- Ihadnearlyforgottentotoythatasecondroprseentotlon M.deMoustierreceivedinformationthroughachanneltheirgovernmentThatPowerremindstheothers,sadsjsaa *» to Ijaajfllgflto aheett of water which obstruct off tost night. It will be remembered that the Marquis de Regent bad given orders to mobilize his three last corps have already applet that principle. The Bourbons, tbs iitaflyIfewtcityarticleofTuetdayevea deacemconsideredasexistingbetweenforeignersandthe tbesidingssrsvstfltieonvsBtoat;aadwhenitlanotaim GalifletandCountdaLaurietoabadafracasatthetheatre, d'armee,after which he would present an alter- descendantsofGuatovuaVaaa,andtheStaarte,aolongeri—"The Stock Ex-hangs to day was stUl •tnence. Consols, however, were act «• Saturday The principal feature waa a• • y o a e t o ssttstb railway stocks, which closed withd*^»sspMcy. There was a good demand farwsJshwBarobabfrfaQwtwdtjrtni ^ t l e a e x t Ptw"»»*• naeral market the tupplv was rather scanty atJapanese government ply a deluge of water but a delogs of mud, as is the case resulting to the former givwg tbetottera atuaaing box on native to the Emperor Napoleon, and declare reign in these countries She maintains that Kirooe. hay- the ear. The patentable cause ef quarrel was tbe often war forthwith if it waa not accepted. According ing already admitted that principle to Belgium and to The commercial circular from China reports the de with a sudden break up ef frost, the nuisance it aenout sive manner in which Count de Laurittoa kept his eye on to ibis ultimatum, ttw territorial arrangements io Itaty Greece, can scarcely repudiate it to Central Italy. Thiswhite it lasts. ' \ the bride of tbe Marquia ail tbe evening; but the real cause was that the Marquia la considered to nave recently trass would not hetottrraptodby the anticipated war. to the aetontehtnont ef every one, Prince Jerome Bjaa reaegsded from thetegitimtsteby accepting the hospitalitywcre to remain unaltered on the basis of tbe treaties of will be the first danger for Ihe Con grass, because Austria, 181a, bat Auateia was to abandon her separate conven- France, tbe Pope, aad wHh them Spain, Portugal and Na tions with tbe minor States, and to guarantee tbe totrodoc- pies, will not fail to maintain that the righto of toe ditpartare of tbe previous mail. Confidence waa felt thatTbereportof the Board of Trade on tbe toes of the mail parte is not dead. On Saturday sight he was thought to of Cncnpiagne, aad tts Count therefore was determined to tion of liberal reforms M. de Moustier immediately a«- possessed dynasties are sacred and immutable. But thisfrost Prince Metternich, Count Watewakihss that the illustrious tovaad had breathed htotokanda each other to renew the combat. This they did yester that aa long aa toe French did not violate the territory of sequences. Ausutasndfrsaesha»e»sse^sa » i to the dtotoatetic corps to Paris thai as long as day, and sash betas aa SMnltoal ttmrdtnita, it was only tbe Germanic Confederation they might depend"unoa the the Grand Dukes, bat they hai sot thejteht to"Le Paps St Is Ooagret*' ***ore4aetheprogrammeofthepreecbministry.tbsroofhadbeenchangedfarablackone—adelusionhimself deserted by all his old alfloi, the Austrian was recourse to moral atimnlanto and to P*r*p**rjf« their toohappytoacceptthetermsofferedbyhisgracious thepeopletoroptoae*^£^4^.Tj!!Stedoftuc-conqueror aad to alga a treaty by which he thronea. All these proceedings h a v e a s ^ P J J ^ ^ to\ BKRLW, Dae. 21,1S59. asses at toast a part of his Italian poaseaaiooa. cees.and toe solution of thia «°f»"»J"*? * It waa aader the impreaatoa of this intelligence that Fran the Congress. Bat^the^Congreaii^iBacaused by tbe sheet of snow which covered tbs roof, aad Pasaj, Dec. 9,1U9. stick, by contrast, converted the tricolor into the garb 4 The Emperor will proceeds morrow "to tbt'Tjrt Am of mourning. Pnooe Jerone't state of amelioration waacia Joseph arretted the manifesto to hit army whichcreated ao much astontehmeut to Europe, and by exciting Democracy, and Pnmpti-ujs ef Bb See* JWaiSSrs— Pae the just indignation of the Prussian government, brought on a mortal feud between the tiro Cabinets, which ie notwhere his Majesty wiU stay two days.be a grand bnntinfpatty.nsd Prtaee Metternicb la the persons invited.The tteamtbip John Bell,from New York, arrived Greenock on the 23th.SIKUyesterday that noformalbulletin was issued. Hit Im psriaianghnefslanot a popular personage*and there greto manifested teemed to procee d almost solely from the military, aad these not on account of Jerome person • ally, but that baa death Sasaki take place to each ladeweather, and of s pubile funeral was iikely to entail allwhose military vocation would call upon them to tike a large partialH. Selfishness aad utter absence of mulyAl^datimXUamemmiD^ut Atmgm«Hmmtk$<H0of Ihe DemwaU-PaHu tXtWte of tat Prims Jtojasi todynastic right, wfll aad itoelf tovol« If ft wiehes to restore »beJtokes hy influence of one Power f W csrrya ioin break out again and ter d comeis thegrew.pressed,that the eabhsofIn English funds there is a aitoht relapse.The ParisryniskiDiplomatic MmmU tmtuenced by Hit Agency-Horn Befer their Vxerdrs to aome other quarter; bat to the nre-Tho309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comLoxpos, Bee. 29—Evening.S 4 \gardinglt-ReteliMmuqfthe Wartttotrp Oemarm—Leaee tageoustotbs policy of Louis Napoleon.taltof «/ the French MM** Appoint*! to Austria - Alter such specimens of his abUlttes, It it so wonderCase 9f the Late Minister qf War and sau*iaatt«M Re jet healed, and which, or course, mutt be highly advan- Untitled Documentarms. The others, war it trtll then bt circumscribe Such^gf. •.oJt*. ,nated in the defeat of tbe liberal party.tbe more unexpected, at a compromise had been effected between tbe advanced constiUiUonahsts and the democrats, in consequence of which the candidate of the former, M*vent the triumph of tbe democratic candidate, If It hadaad the little sympathy it expresses for the Court ef Rome,to the mast, rather than lower them to tbe face of the enemy. By such concessions tbe liberals only encouragewas laboring. This was undoubtedly the result of secret orders from the Court ef Rome, which even at that time distrusted Louis Napoleon, and considered his war againstFortification? to be erected on the coasts of the German ocean and the Baltic.— •—;" "•' • .« "• !(.. I H U , ! ! '"This result wasof the (no v) bigbwtt personage in the foahn. as it was o '., If Russia countenances the revoluflaa In Italy she mostby in the way offlowerbaskets, birds of paradise, coffersof curious inlaid wood aad porcelain, bags of silk andmother of pearl, and feathers, (maned with a yout pecu-liar to Paris, and allfilledwith luscious bon-bons, flavoredwith the fruits of every aim", AUI fashioned in loom-'scarce lees tempting than their atccharine virtue The lotion; and it.was proved that the election of a democrat Gregory XVI, who at that epoch regarded Russia•-*.the Auerswald cabinet is already extremely precarious;and it is not at all unlikely that such an event would haverendereditstillmoreso.Atanyrate,quiteanumberof teattoAustria.inducedhieHolinesstornsiinnhtefriend- electors who bad intended to support M Schuitze were ly relations with a monarch who, if heretical to determined, by these apprehensions, to give their votes to his religious, was exceedingly orthodox in hte the conservative candidate; and the upshot was that after political opinions, and it was owing to this con-itisonlyintimesofgreatexcitementthattheycansum- bearanceofRomewillnaturallycease;anditshedoesmon up courage to make bead against the known wishesnot instigate the movement that te now going on among tbe Catholic clergy to Poland, she will assuredly do nothing to restrain to She may even hope, and perhaps not without foundation, that It may have some effect upon the proceedings of the Russian govern-explanations rather served to confirm the impression they were intended to rectify, and to make matters still worse,cation, in the Palate Royal, this year, seem determinedto outdo themselves. As uno disce ostites. A few wordsdescriptive of Cbevet's window will give an idea of tbewhole. Let tbe reader imagine a corner shop, with afrontageoffortyfeeteitherway,underthepiazzaofthe tion,inyesterday'sVorrischi:Ztitung,whichevidentlypronoteateallowedtobeimportedintoRussiabysea;Itall Palais Royal. Theflrontis or plate glass, behind which areOn the 17th inst. the results of the Wurtsburg confer-"—j—<f ^ f ^ - ^ * -*Tmi,_. !T_home, for which he would findready at band. During tbe PoUah insurrection of 1841, mas M. TstraJghtforwa Watareuniversallyattributedtobj», (XmtrOiuUdtothefa*'ifSebatiopatandTreatyo/VillaeentstateoftbeAustrianempireitteextremelydoubtfulitiili«w_ ••-<r_4——ill»- -__ •—tn wkithnuaSitooeCuP.V 