 ovetneat be ko*. tAC-UU have,©.Jersey rid&y that of Itpoinw. «*ie-U*Ia*- plai*. with*T©etis fthaveha*on. driOftftWS,, lOOV.Fair OrleanaMiddling Mobilet ,'PROVISIONS—The Provision market is generally dull, and tfao transactions are unimportant- v ,- v , LONDON, August 11—p-m.v •- ;jtjrom Washington* [ OUTSIDE SCENES AND INCIDENTS.cLETTER To On EditorFROM HON. tfTtuKD. E.theEsafc Saah^kaemd foaadte 12ch laod order Stnialinjjad thiaks ;/ | 3orama*- ocoand--oflocal interest.The weather continued cold and showery, andanxiety relative to crops was increasing.Reports were current in England that the Govern-ment proposed to send Lord Stratford de Redcliffe Special Envoy to Constantinople to advise the Sultan.On the Paris Bourse, on Saturday^ three per cents from ®4 25®$5 25^bbl.were quoted at 68f. 15c The Pony Express, with St. Louis dates to the 27th,The worthy man who sold tbe creams wiped the dishes and his besweited, dusty face and forehead with one and the same towel. Whether this added any new taste to the cream we are unable to state; but our im- pression is that it was a more convenient than neat way of doing thmgs. -'''V""Prominent among the "characters" present were 'the fast at'd fancy women, who went out from the gay .meiropols in the best procurable vehicles—generally inie J*pa»- of Jul/, itouch at e J*pan- ;h, no; a icers and.ing but little part in politics. The latter, it is said, will rivert this evening.not participate in the canvass; .. There is great excitement in Santa Fe. The Navajo J. W. Denver, ex-Goveruor Of Kansas, supports Indians made an attack upon a little settlement, 11 Douglas in a long letter. Many <*re advocating 'the miles below, and killed two men and drove off all.their nomination of Gov. Downey as one- of the Douglas stock. There w*re only eleven soldiers iu Santa Fe,They were attired in the bight of fashion, and as they sat langniBbingly in tbeir carriages, half buVied in a world,of fleecy skirts, and bearing in their white-kid- dec hands the showiest fans and the most immaculate of handkerchiefs, they were by no means a distasteful locking company. Their demeanor was modest and proper: but .their countenances were a little too highly colored. They tarried too long at tbe pink saucer.STATISTICAL.The Amphitheater, as we have before stated, covered250 square feet. The fence required 14,000 boards and 4 000joists. Its actual cost was $350. It was put up by a BoBton carpenter, whose modesty dqes not crave pub.'ic mention. The work was coromenctd Thursday morniDg, and fiiisbed Saturday forenoon.SERIOUS DISTURBANCE IN A FIRST W ARD BUJC- SHOP—Two MEN INJURED—Last night a gang of First Ward ruffians, amongwhom were Daniel Horri- gan, Patrick O'Brien, Thomas and Frank JBnrighV brothers of the notorious John E. Enright, the ticket swindler, entered the drinking saloon, corner of West and Cedar, streets, and called for liquor, which wae , furnished them. After indulging in three or four- drinks, the rowdies got into an altercation with the barkeeper, and revived an old quarrel which they had1 with each other. Tbey finally commenced an assault upon the barkeeper, when several of his friends who were near by, and heard the disturbance, came to hi* assistance. A general fight ensued, during which all the bar furniture was brought into requisition—tum- blers, wine glasses, decanters, and bottles, flying about tbe place like haiL . • ,ustainioguteot forCl8>OQ ofand sus-•th* Ad- iienta.* ^ .Mnurm- e Brvck- i>rouatiOft tber has \liej wasSo you Co. milb?en for \ .reports ««*oog, kiaridgeoRS. generallyto cope pled fcae 'here is&rolina.atratio* Mf post- iropped »t Pre- crleredI-of to >ck,A08dge the.ash- aiid 'ree reei-&n-6caaL laaOfasSisens, port, The17uu rara,totoCtXtrtniaat no ite*>7 late orai inea f*oe had ered hasheld ant,for Syria, addreseed them as follows:AI J•f •;1•|j! | !5I i.1j f <1*J- 1 '>'Minister Pacbeco, who had consulted with the Spanish molested by the police. On the contrary, the authori-iSteamer C»hawba, from Havana 17th iuet.,isbelo'w.Sugar at Havana commanded 3£ reals. Stock in port 260,000 boxes. Exchange on London 13 per centFrom British Columbia news is received to Aug. 1. premium;' on New-York 2£<&3'per cent premium. Four small steamers were building at Victoria, torun on the Frazer River and other inland waters. Several brick buildings are gomg up at Victoria,Cbreer in public life, and paying a tribute to Messrs. Mncdonsld, Cusick, and Aaron Jones. He also men- tioned a most interesting circumstance, which is new to the pnbJic. While Mr. Heeoan was training'for the international encounter at Salisbury, England, he received from a few friends in Boston, the sum of $350. This came at a most fortunate time, for his funds had been exhausted almost to the last dollar. The s am was sent without any solicitation on tbe ,nart of Mr. Heenan, and also on the part of his friends here with- out being aware of approaching need. The act was honorable to bis Boston, friends, and was probably tbe most acceptable testimonial he haa ever received. It came in time to do a genuine good.THREEDAYSLATERFROMEUROPE.I Mtddlhag Orleaiw .....6i FahrMobile*.., 7d.t>nrmi? V^6Arrival of the Arabia and Korth. American.^WBrBESTORED IS DAMASCUS.• •>-—Execution of Assassins.ROSEWIOYEMENTS BY 61BIBAIDLBOS DESIRE TO DELIVER VENETIA.CONSOLSoloaeat93i@93Jformoney. ^;• V-..:•;' _ — ' o 'LONDON. MONET MARKET.—The London Money mark«t i* unchanged. Conaol* cloned yesterday, 9th, at 931'3i93i The steamship North American from Liverpool 9sh, for money, and 9$ for account. To-day price* have declined, under the report of a forthcoming India loan of £8,000.000, andThe Picayune of Thursday la«t says that an aid-de- stantly subsided and during the afternoon looked sad- camp of tbe Captain-General of Cuba has arrived. Heis on his way from Washington, and thence to Madrid der atd poorer, but eomewhatnaore wi»e for his dearlyFATHER POINT, Monday, Aug. 20,1860.•• •Via Londonderry 10th insU, passed this point at 5 a. m. to-day, bound to QuebecThe news is meager and unimportant.The House of Commons has voted a subsidy to the Gal way line, thereby confirming the cootract. .Consols bad declined, owing to the announcement of a three-million loan for India. \by tbe most direct route, as. bearer to his Government bought experience., The R a n g e s of $5, $10, $20 and 'be like were frequent. The playing was extensive, The Pony Express, two days behind time, arrived of dispatches, prepared up to the latest moment bv and tbe swrndhng immense. The gamblers were notLord John Russell, in reply to inquiries as to the part England would take as regards intervention in Prince William of Baden was on a visit to Chalons Syria, said that roarices would be landed from the Camp, and would ba present a-, the great military man- Britisn squadron if necessary^ to protect English sub-FtixU p l a n d * . : . . . . . . . .:_.in nlare Of Hereenmueller, rsmoved.numerous scenes,Produce Coffee doll:th* Dum>er is reduced to about 150 weekly.NEW-YORK DAIL YTRIBUNE,TUESDA Y ,AUGTOS1M, IS&KS-*».Bldkl^S.--W AMHUOTOK, Aug. 19,1BG0.„ _ The stock in port wa» ettimaited at 1,208,000 balea, of whichl,014,i00 bale* were American.STATE or TRADE IN MANCHESTER.—Advices fromManchesterarefavorable. Theirarketmtifirmer,withanin- creased b »ine»« in YARNS CLOTH* » P W steadier.LIVERPOOI. BKEADSTUFKS MARKET.—The weather Continue* unfavorable for.th*> cop* ^re<id»to£T)i are qnlet. but fam. Floor firm, «nd beet de«o>iptiona s'ightty higher wheat firm, wi'h an tdvauc^ng tendency for be»t doscriptioni of Red. Com qui-t. Mixed a»d Yellow. 81/&S32/. Another dispatch •ay* Floor haa improved <>d ^ aaok."LIVERPOOL PROVISION MrARKET.-rThe Provision market ia *exy doll. Beef heavy ' Pork dalL Bacon quiet Lard firm, at wj'dXZI. Tallow n&chaoged.RoHin firm, at */2 for common Spirit* Turpentine steady.i at 31/. with but slight resistance on the part of the troops, procure pecuniary aid was largely attended., „„.TM„.Middling Upland*....... 5 9-1^LoNnoK MARKETS —SCOAR ouiet. BREADSTUFFSfirm. COPTBB firm. Rica firm and slightly highor. TALLOW who fired only one gun, woundiog two of Walker's dn<l and unchanged. The WOOL a&lea are in progress, at full men There was great excitement throughout the prices.— — • — — — - Mexican «ew§.' ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Monday, Aug. 20,1860. this evenings with dates to the 8tb inst.tan,ifcr Calcutta.August 11, and Queenstown on the 12th, passed Cape COMMERCIAL.Race at 4 o'clock yesterday (Sunday) afternoon, en There is a steady demand for some articlas of Provisions at low prices, and Candles'continue to meet ready sale, but all otherture of the Spanish schooner M >rja Conception, which The weather in England continued unfavorable for route for Halifax and Boston. She was intercepted by goods o>e quiet, with few transactions. Bntter is moving freely fornwd part of the Marin expedi'ion, the return ofthe growing crops. the news yacht of the Associated Press, and the regu- . The steamship City of Baltimore arrived at Liver- lar dispatch obtained.to the trade at 13®l'c. for choice in double packages, and a few which has been demanded." A second difficulty ia with fiikins of June Isthmus have found buysrs at 23jfC L«rd is yervactive, dealers stocking largely at improving prices; P phani & the Church party, the ostensible grounds of which are Haxtrin's brings lS^c, J. H. & Co. s »6®16ic in small lots.joke or two, and then offer,various small knick-knacka have only to say that, in my opinion, these people hav»Her commeicial advices are one day later than per steamer North. American at Quebec.seen, on the 17th of June, in lat. 12 8., Ion. 36 W\,American ship " Robert Kelly." It will be remem-ISered the " Robert Kelly" left Liverpool for New-York last January, and has not since been heard of.She was given over for lost long since, and it is feared guilty were speedily executed. The city was tranquil,the unsat sfied claims of Spanish citizens. Tbie the new Minister was particularly instructed *o press with all his power. The dispatches from the United Stateswhich his befiddled friends were but too' delighted to pu; chase. • Thus between .fiddling into their ears and out of their pockets, he drove a lively business.OTHER "SIGHTS.".One man sold very Attleboro ish jewelry on whatwas termed the " French principle." Tbis, so far as we could judge, was giving about a shilling's returnbeen dealt with as they deserve.With reference to removals from office for a differ-ence of opinion as to the duty of a Democrat in the present state of things, if any such removal* have been made, I have uniformly deprecated them when- ever it has been proper for me to express an opinionpool at 10 p. m. of the 8th.Ship PetropoHs, arrived at Havre, reports havingSmall order* for Pork to export to China are filling at *15© $1^25 for At ess; small rales extra Clear are making to the tradeheld at 14c, without, buyers. Olive Oil is drooping; auction^, character as will probably determine the Governmentand the authority of tbe Sultan under the effect of vig- orous measures, was again returning.GREAT BRITAIN.The Parliamentary proceedings were mostly of a the main land.there is some mistake in the report of the Pesropolis.NEWS SUMMARY.There had been over four hundred arrests at Damascussales of Cacigalapi at $2 85. Rice is quiet, ana unchanged. Raw Sucirs are much depressed; China No. 1 is quotable at $7 25 for small lots, in domestic nothing Js doine; thf< refinery is »uppljing th«- trade with lets of Crude at l l j c ; 500bbls. do.,ex-Pampero, sold to-day at UJc.• Candles move sotive at from 500 to 700 per day, at 19}@20Jc.Spirits Turpentine is worth 80c In Teas and Wines nothing of any consequence has been done sinoe tha.last express. Wheat comes in very tardily from the country, the farmers being all buH> harvesting.The vessels on the berth make slow progress. Good shipping samples command $ 1 55. Flour ia going freely to China, coatingto strengthen our naval force in the Gulf of Mexico.»'' -• '...'.'•,/-'.From Northern Mexico. .VIDAURRI DEFEATED—FIRE AT HOUSTON. NEW ORLEANS, Mondav, Aug. 20, 1860.Steamer Austin has arrived, bringing Brazos dates of the 16th, and $38,000 in treasure.of rer8on8 implicated in the late horrible massacres. Immediate trial was had of all cnlprita, and those foundfor a dollar. This sort of thing may be " French," but upon tbe subject. I believe that the election of Bell, it certainly prevails "elsewhere." Selling very badjewelry at high figures, is neither new nor original. Breckinridge or Douglas is peace—while the triumph, Liquor booths, pistol-firing, ring-tossing, lifting-ma- of Lincoln is revolution. With this conviction, I re- chines, lung barometers, cake and pie stands, ice- gret to eee the antagonism between Mr. Douglas and' Garibaldi stall remained at Messina, where he waspreparing his forces for his contemplated descent uponcreams, and other " arrargements " were also to be ob-Tbe revolution in Northern Mexico was progressing. served. An incident of the occasion may be noted. prevents their friends from entering into a cordialTbe Cun&rd screw freight line of steamers is to be reach San Francieco to-nigbt. suspended until the recommencement of tbe busy ship-Several buildings on Travis and Congress Btree's, Houston, Texas, were burned on Saturday.-' Loss, $38,OOOr hifiurtd $11,000.pins: season. The Meli'a will be the last for this sea- s' n, and will leave Liverpool for Halifax on Tuesday, Sept. 4.Tbe Overland Mail is telegraphed, and will also arrive this evening with the St. Louis mail of the 16thin the British Houee of Commons, Sir C. Wood gave The Indian budget was to be presented to Parlia- notice of a resolution au'horiziog the Secretary for ment on the 13th. Report said a large loan would be India to raise by loan three millions pounds sterling forinvolved, ' the service of the Government.THE LONDOM MONEY MARKET. Lord John Russell explained the position of the The firmness in the funds was checked by fears for quefetion for making Spain one of the Great Powers.the crops, owing to cootiaoa -wet and cod weather, The movement he stated was first initiated by the which neutralized the more favorable faeltog relative French government. Suggestions were also underto Continental pontics. The tendency on tie 8th wasdownward, but there wa* no ma'eri&l variation inprices. The discount market on the 8 h was ra'her2uiet, and best bills were taken at a reductisn from the various suggestions bad tended materially to preserve Presidential election could be had at once, this State for it; and owiig to the cowardice of some Mexicans-,tank rate. Bnaint ss at the Bank, limited. the peace ol Europe. and Oregon must go for Donglast; but they anticipate three of the party were hilled and five wounded, t vo• ' ' •PRANCE.The Emperor, after reviewing the troops destinedof whom have since died. One of them was Christian Vtlsen, a highly.respectable citizen, a cabinet maker by trade. \Be, with his own hand, brought do^n five of the 5th of September, the day on which the Douglas Con- Indians, whose total loss was, 13 kil ed and several Mr. Laing moved to vote £60,000 to the Gal way vention mt-ets at the same place. maimed. Tbey fought entirely with arrows, and only Line. beir>g ten months eubsidy. He contended that •Accounts'from LOB Angeios represent' that gold and retreated when their arrows gave cut. Had the entire•Tl e bill providing for fortifications, after consider- " Sokliers: You leave for Syria. France hails with able opposition, was patsed to a second reading.A Bell and Everett State Convention to nominate .electoral candidates is to be held at Sacramento on hej o y an expedition the sole object of which is to cause the rights of justice and humanity to triumph. You do n^t go to make war against a fore;gn nation, but to assist the Sultan in bringing back to obedieuce his Sub- jects, who are blinded by the fanaicvm of the former century. In that district you have great remiuiecensea. Fulfill yourdhty; show yonrselv* s worthy to bs the children of those wno once gtorioudy carried into that country the bar.nt-r of Christ. You do n >t leave in great Lumbers, but your coarage and prestige supply the deficiency; because whenever the Franca flag, is seen to pass, the nations know that a groat oause pre- cedes it *nd great people follow it.''The Emperor has given !U00,000 francs in aid of the fugitives from Syria. 'The semi-official correspondent is inclined to think the interview between the Emper>r and Queen of Spam, which have been spoken of, will not take place.Rentes cloied on the 8th rather,Parliamtnt could not-now withhold its assent to the contract, however impolitic it might originally have been.Mr. Bourenie moved that the motion be rejected. He denounced the contract; in strong terms.Sir P . Baring alto denounced the contract.Messrs. Disraeli, Roebuck, and olhers, defended the contract.fcilver discoveries continue to be made in the mountainsto the south-east of that place, extending to the neigh-borhood of San Bernandino. The PI icer diggings are Tan off 80 head of cattle from Ayau Fria, a town five believed to he yery rich and extensive. The accuunts mil^s below Same Fe.from the Cass and Momo Lake gold and silver mining re- Ti ey also took l5 lead of Government horses and gions, which reach San Francisco via Vizalia. also con- succeeded in making good their escape.tinue of an exciting character. The specimens of silver An old resident says, " we have been expecting their ore compare favorably with that from the b»sc leads of return every day, »Dd would Dot be surprised to seeIt is estimated that there were five thousand car-riages on the ground and immediate vicia'.ty. Theroads in every direction were thronged nearly all day;and from 12 to 6 o'clock they were crowded. Amoogtbe vehicles was an express wagon from Lynn, riggedup lor passengers. It bore an American flag, and waslabeled on the side " Lynn Benicia Boys."PRESENTATION* TO MR. HEENAN-—A TESTIMONIAL FROM the latter bad bis face terribly cut and disfigured, andeuvers. _ jects there; but that he had great hopes that the energy ore shipped frnn San Francisco to New-Y ork and suffers, and citizens are murdered with impunity." SYRIA. .. , .,': of Faud-Pasha would speedily restore tranquillity, and England by the last two steamers is valued at $70,000. The condue or of the mail states that a report wasthere, but mnrderr were stilt committed in the sur- rounding country.Capt. Youngof the Arctic steamer Fox writes that . The opinion prevailed that larger' crops throughout Indians at his Fort, but he does not pi*ce much re-Capt. J; M. Turner of the. New-York Clipper, and President of tbe Heenan Association, of that city? was delegated as the organ of conveying the testimonial to Mr. Heenan. This agreeable and honorable duty he performed in an appropriate and effective manner. The pnxse contained $967 50. In presenting the money,30,000 Christian wc men were sold at 25 piasters each, r at d were detained in harems.he finds the Bay of Thorshaven, Faroe Islands, per- fectly adapted for a telegraphic cable.The Paris Bourse was flat and the lentes drooping.Tbe monthly returns of the Bank of France for July show an increase in cash of nearly 25 000 francs.tbe State would be harvested this year than ever before.News had been received at Portland that Majolr Sleen's command had had another skirmish with the Snake Indians—a few Iodiaes were taken prisoners.liance on it. no Indians were seen on the route. GratB and water were scarce.The Beaufort sailed from Marseilles on the 9th with 1,000 men lor Syria.. NAPLES AND SICILY. No movement ia reported.The Superior Council of Commerce was encraged in* Theie is no general n*ws of interest. The news- considering the subject of tbe cotton trade. They had papers aie filled wi'h political articlas. Four of themFrom Havana. *NEW-ORLEANS. Monday, Ang. 20. I860. Capt. Turner made an excellent speech, alluding to hisTh* Paris Patrie says that Garibaldi in %letter to hear the German and Swiss cotton spinners.the Kusg of Sardinia paid he considered it a sacred duty to deliver Venetia, and that ihe possesion of a pow*r ful na*y lik* that of Nap es would mable him to do itSeveral additional ships with troops had ' quitted France for Syrii.Tbe latest despatches from Damascus announce thatFau<» Pacha had arrested over four hunrlre i personsNORTHCHELSEA.Provisions wer»* exceedingly dear in Sicily. A duty said to be very ux popular.ITALY.Gen. Lamoricicre bad sappres*ed a demonstration infavor of Garibaldi a> Lodi; nad levied a war contribu-tion of 44 000 c r o w s , and taken the leaders prisoners. be>n prevented.Signor Farini h>»d 8uc--eeded in prevention she de- Constantinople advices confirm the discovery of a paiture of an expedifion that was to*have landed in the conspiracy against tbe life of tbe Graed Vizier. Sever-NEE NAN ATThe mining news contains nothiog noteworthy, only The Boston Atlas $• Bcc reports at length, and withon salt, unposed hy the Dictator's Government wa concerned in the recent massacres of Christians. Theywith an increased disposition to invest in real estate.Roman Sta'es. A letter from Rome however, asserts that 15,000 Piedmontese had landed in the Papal terri- tory at San Stefano.al pers'n^ol high standing were compromised. * The sale of gunpowder had been prohibited at Con-stantinople. ».'"'••••The Count of Syracuse, uncle of the King of Na-ples, bas written a letter to Prince Carrignau, anounc- lug his adherence to the priuciplesof Italian unity, and his readiness to bail Victor Emanuel as King of Italy,Gnribnldi continued bis warlike movements.Tbe assemblage of foreign troops contiaued at Na- plss, ano the various Embassadors were transferring their families toward th'e steamers' of thsir respective countries.The Garibaidian volunteers in Calabria were or- ganizing a revolu ion in the mountains.LaTEST INTELLIGENCE.LIVERPOOL, August 11.—The African Mail Steamer Athenian arrived at Liverpool to-day. Her news is very unimportant. - ; • • ' • *State Committee. SARATOGA, N. Y., Monday, Auguet 20,1860.The Breckinridge and Lane Democratic State Com- mittee meets here .to- morrow:Neither the Douglas nor the Bell-and-Everett State .Committee has called a meeting here, and the state- ments to that effect in the newspapers are erroneous. -^ From the conversation of the majority of the Breck-at 1 o'clock, at the firing of a royal salute of 17 guns. The impatient and miscellaneous public at once pressed into the inclosnre where muscle was, in good time, to achieve its triumphs. The tide immediately set toward the platform, where the ring had already been set upiu true "science" style At this time Old Sol appeared to side with the authorities of the town in tbeir protest of the ovation, for he sett down his rays in a blaze pf fiery red. There was not the slightest whisper of aspeech, Mr. Heenan briefly responded, thanking his friends for this mark of their appreci*tion. He prom- ised tbat nothing should be wanting on his part to merit the kindn< ss and generosity of the Boston public. Hie words were few, but hearty, characteristic, and to the point. .After a collation the company separated. It was in- tended to make the sum $1,000 at least, and gentlemen were ready to draw.tbeir wallets, but Mr. Heenan ex- pressed entire satirfacdon at tbe collection already made.. He bears in lively remembrance the purse re- mitted to him when in EuglaDd.Mr. Heenan and friend« go Eaet to-day. It is their intention to give several exhibitions in Maine, where, no doubt, hearty ovations await them.TORNADO IN MASSACHUSETTS.—On Saturday after- noon last, between 4 and 5 o'clock, the city of Salem and vicinity was visited by a tornado, which is thus described by a correspondent of Tlie Boston Journal :. L A TEST— ViaLondcmd-rry.' iLONDON, Aug. 10.—A fatal accideot to the artillery volunteers of Dover occurred on Thursday evening. TVhile the corps were engaged in gan pr*ctic*» at Area- cliefTFort, one of -he tun* burst, scattering its frag- ments in all directions: G. F. Thonns-n, one of the Lieut'nants and a Sergeant were k'l'ed on the spot. Several members of the corps are severely in- jured. -Letters from Palermo dated the 2d of Anguat report that some parties had been attempting ,o create trouble. Hitherto the government had ac e<l with a certain gen- erosity, hut it has now a jjreat number of persons, of all classes, and sent them off wiih passports to anycountry out of Italy.T H E N O R T H A T L A N T I C T E L E G R A P H .inridge and Lane Committee here, it is inferred that breeze, and no protection whatever in the way of they will to-morrow inaugurate active measures for shade, except to a few who crept under the platform. prosecuting a vigorous campaign. A large number of The great mass were compelled to an almost agonizing documents will be published and distributed, and roast. It was terrible.. Shirt collars melted as if made straight tickets nominated in every part of the Sttte. of ice. Men. doff-d coats and perspired in showers.The members of the Committee express themselves Women fanned fervently, if not ferociously, but in as decid-dly hostile to any movement wbich will tend vain. Horses became white with froth and greasy to revive the Know-Nothing party under the leader- with sweat. Even the grasshoppers and other insects,ship of Bell and Everett. of which there were millions, slunk away and became Co). Viele of Buffalo, th« Hon'. John A. Green of still and silent. Everybody wondered if the elements Syracuse, the Bon. Gideon J. Tucker of New-York, had not conspired to roast the crowd and burn off' the and a number of other prominent Breckinridge men, ovation; but dl to no purpose. The crowdB con inuedT* e steamer Ganges hence for Africa foundered off The commar der of tt>e Fox has wntten*a letter from Madeira. The Cap<ain and eijbt men are missing. ;are already here.A caucus is being held to-night.Telegraphic Extension.ST. JOSEPH, Monday, Aug. 20, 1860.to come. The railways, omnibuses, barouches, hacks, all sorts of carriages drove up continuously and in pell- mell disorder. From a thousand the nomber increased to 3,000, wion to 5,000, then it doubled; and if'we are net greatly mistaken, by the time the exhibition com- menced there wae not a roan, woman or boy, less thanIn the mean time, the other wing of the tornado camefrom tbe direction of North Danvers, and approachedthe first wing. As the two winds met, a cloud seemedto come down to earth and separate tbem, when tbecloud was transformed to a cullender-like shape, andwhirled wiih tremendous 'elocity, round and round, hand. Hishody was deposited in the dead-house forthe Parse Islands on the operations of the expedition Tbe CalcoVaaud Chin* mails reached Marseilles yes- that at point. He designates the stroog currents, of which tfrdav. No dates or particulars are given.BOmuch has bten said, as bug*>ears altogether. The QUEENSTOWN. August 12.—The stearcsbip Africa, letter gives reason to hope for a favoraole result to the from New-York, arrived at Liverpool this after- survey.To-dv.y the Missouri and Western Telegraph Com- 15,000, in the Amphiiheater.umil it descended to the roof of the Dearborn street School-House, in North Salem, a substantial building, about 65 by 45, with a belfry and bell, when it.threwidentification.1The Council of 8»ate is discussing at Naples the pro- gramme of "Leatorio Romauus." The Queen's mother is to leave instantly—(hat is, if the programme is accepted.S«bmidtfrom New-Orleans, Washington from Mobile, and Lyon from Savannah.*' #<•miles out from here, and the wire will be up that dis- tance in two we*-ks. A large Darty is at work fartherdifficult to tell who were not, as who were there. All; the chimney through the street side of the roof, andCHASTISING HER SON WITH A PIECHER —Last night a young man naMed Edward McLaughlin, residing at No. 9 Worth street, gave his maternal relative someLo>r>ON MARKETS — London, Aug. 10.— Messrs. Cologne Gazette, active negotiations are goiog on be- Baring Bros, it Co. report BKSAU&TVVYH steady, under large ar- tween the Courts of Vienna and Rome on the subject rivals of foreign ; sales of white Wheat at 56/®60/, and red at 54/ ©f the eventuaJity o' the inva^io»i of toe Pontifical ^58/. Klour, 28j'8>Z0l. IRON steady for both Rod and Bar. Pro States by Garibaldi. The Duke of Modena has pro- IKON 52/6. SUGAR quiet, but prices steady. TKA: prices gen- erally oncbanged; sales of COUK«U at IfWUto. TALLOW du-1 at mised to unite, in that case, his troops to the Papal 62/9 S>MRIT» TuRWiNTiNK dull at 31/6@32/. RICE firm, and army. all Qualities sllKhtly advanced. LINSKKO CAKKU in good demand; Volunteers to Garibaldi are so numerous as to embar- ialesTf Boston at 9/10315/, and New-York at Jtt/8. SPKHK rass him, and he has requested that no more be sent at OIL-all qualities slightly advanced; sales at xlOQ. Con OIL,injuries are of a very dangerous character.PORT SARNIA, C. W., Monday, Aucr. 20. I860. Capt. Davenport of the Grand Trunk Railway ferry- boat was tilled here this afternoon by being caught mthe snubbing-rope of his vessel. "• — •and it was as full of interest as of variety. Probably such a gathering of diverse classes—reacting from the upper good to the lower bad—has never before been gathered in this section of the country; and for the reason that just such an occasion has never before taken place. As the eye/purveyed this mingled multi- tude, it gave rise to hosts of thoughts, if not emotions, which those present no doubt felt, and which we will not trouble with those who were n:>t.its effects more or lees in this immediate vicinity, andthen the wicd appears to have crossed North River to SLA VE INSURRECTION IN VIRGINIA—FOUR OF THXM the Salem proper side, where, after uprooting only one KILLED.—The Richmond Dispatch states that a con- tree, it left for parts unknown, via tne river. A finewaterspout is reported to have been seen in this har-bor, and rumor has it that in Beverly ice fell in inch of Mr. S. Hairston, a weilthy farmer of fitalifax pieces; but of their truth I know nothing. The track County, Va., to murder his overseer. After statingconsulted the opinions of the principal members of the support Douglas, three Breckinridge, and three Lin- Manchester Chamber of Commerce, and would next corn.were to be tried by an extraordinary commission, nud if. found guilty executed immediately. The arrests were peaceably effee'ed. The city was tranquil. .Other important arrests were expected.tbat the Chinese continued to flock to the diggiugs, al- ready outnumbering the whites, five to one.Ber Majesty s ship Satellite had sailed from Victoria for England, via western coast of Mexico and Panama.great particularity of detail, the Heenan Reception at North A e l s e a on Saturday last. We quote a portion of its account: .Threatened outbreaks in Salonica and Aleppo hadRUSH OF THE CROWD—THE NUMBER PRESENT.ISreekinridge and X^ane I>eiiioeratie As before stated, the doors of the Arena were op-med' Capt. Turner, having cor eluded his impromptunoon.Also arrived at Liverpool, Ariel, and Anna, and F. th* dirfction of Port Kearney. The poles are set 160piesent. £38®£31110/. LiNaiKD OIL, .£29 3/®£29 6/.A recent interview between, the Kings of Denmark LONDON MONEY MARKET.—LONDON, Aug. 10.— A collision occured on the tbe Carrolton Kftilroad last ENTRANCE OK THE "CHAMPION OF THE WORLD•"of the tornado was narrow, but its touch was certain destruction. '."'..•tbat six of them induced the overseer to accompanythtmto the woods, where they alleged a party ofand Sweden gave rise to a report that the two Scandi- There is a good demand for money at uncharged rates.navian Kingdoms intended to form an alliance against The Bullion in the Bank of England had decreased £207,000,Germany. The Swedish press, however, combacs the ^Consols closed to-day at Stymzh for money and 93i-3>933 for ideaof any aggressive nohcy, and toe Swedish people. AND HIS FRIENDS OF THE RING.In accordance with the programme, familiar to the reader through our columns, Mr. Heenan made a grand. A Horrid Murder in Sheffield, Mass. entre to the Amphitheatre about 3J o'clock, in an ele- STOCKHRIDGE, Monday, Aug. 20, I860. gant barouche drawn by two splendid horses. In the Trueman Davis killed his wife by beating out her carriage with him were Prof. C. F. Ottignon, of New-brains with a club and hoe on Friday night last. H« Yoik2 and Edmund D. Price, of Boston. No sooner wae it kxown that the Champion had arrived, than thewas intoxicated. The murderer has been arrested and populace gsve expression to their enthusiasm by cheers''in m "City Revenue having failed to obtain more1 than a veryBar Silver 5/9*d.; Dollars 5/2©5/24<L; Eaglea 16/3d.AMERICAN SECuRniEs.^-The chief business during The coronation of the King and Queen in Norway the week has been in speculative movements in Railroad Secu-are represented to be dscddealy opposed to anythiug o• "The negroes lod the way until getting Into the forest, wh*n they suddenly stopped near a newly-dug pit, when the spokesman confronted him, and, pointingthe kind. ;nconsiderable portion of the rents from the occupantsof stands in W#st Washington Market, yesterday en-deavored to procure the signatures of the tenants to an to the hole, eaid to him: 'There, you d—dson of atcok place Proutheim.on the 9thinat.in tneCathedral atr i i e s II inois Central R*0road Sbar*B, 26®27 discount; do. Bonds, 87|; Eri« Shares 21®23i; New-York Central Railroad, 77^79; P«nnsylvanU Central 6s, first mortgage, 88^90 j jahjbl- ran Central 8. of 1869. 88-2090 ; U. 8. 6s, Bonds of 1868, 97i@98; do. 5«, 93'®93i; Pennsylvania 5s, Bonds of 1877, 86.COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.By Telegraph, to Londonderry.women, not to be outdone, waved their white embroid- HA VRE MARKET—(For the week ending the 8th Arrest of Gordon, the Murslerer ered and fascinatingly-perfumed handkerchiefs, and inst.) - The sales of COTTON for the week add np 9,000 bales; Or LEA VENWORTH, Monday, Aug. 20,1860. there was a sensation generally among everybody. Old!>»>. on »peeul»*i©i» w d fox «tpon, tiw mwk«t clo-lng booyaa Pots and Pearls, and quotations nominal. COYVKV. dull, and quo- enWedne*toy,wiuothe•»!*•w«cb«d20,'O0b»l«^wadprice* tationsbarelymaintained. WHALROILtendingupward. KICKenante appear to be nearly unanimous in the belief^ S d a S T q a ^ i e - of Azoertcen. The jwle. of Vrxtoj w«re K o W ^ ^ i n c t a d i ^ 3 0 , O O O . b » J e . o n ^ V ^ ^ o n j u ^ T o r ^ C T t ,•peculators asd exporters. •The market closed steady and firm. BRKAnsTu jry»—The Breadstuffs market closed steady and firm.-/:reHgious meeting held in Trinity Church vestry.similar to those here and at Philadelphia.! ,the hour ot danger, when no white person w*«ni(rh't* i aid him, doubtless saved him. from a honW'aeaw.t h e market &i£&gj£aat the foOowia« aathorized qaoUUoa*.*Snow in the custody of the U. S. Marshal. — — -SS>- iCoT-roN-Sales today 10^000 bales, inoluding 8,000 bate* to chant, fell dead this afternoon while takingr part in athe occasional fall of drops of rain suggested a pro-at *17forbbla. and * 8 50for half do. , -Hams and Bacon are without transactions new; the latter is Legaticn. The Picayune understands, are of such aAramdeeny had defeated Vidaura in a battle, and ult., arrived at Carson Valley last evening, and will Gen. Zubza was killed.union of all the conservative elements iu the State of New-York, for the attainment of a result which ah* profess to deem fundamental, to wit:—the defeat of the formidable party of which you have the honor to be a distinguished leader.•of July.There isKmt little'- St&te news?pany commenced stretching their wire westward inHOW IT LOOKED.It was a multitude of variety, it would rot be so•i'-aubla^t*rD°onJohn Frieria was to-d»y appointed Pension Agent, ;.w^/tWd A^ -> oufcdda the Amphitheater, which areBrownsville was quiet.the Administration drifting either into a policy whichand that confined toSenators Gwin and Latham remain in the city, tak- ^The Mexican Mail, with dates to the 5th inst., ar e'kgant barouches. •"politics. ...'.''.:'*considers ion that Sw«»den, and perhaps Portugal and electoral candidates, which', it is thought, would greatly and tuey were sent in pursuitof the Indians iu a wag- Sardinia ought al««o to be ad< ed to thd great powers. strengthen that side. on. A party of citizens were pent out, who overtook Lord Ruspeu s«id the concert of the Great Powers on Politicihns are generally of the opinion that if the the Indians and recovered the et^ck, and had to fightThe British Government were of the opinion that it wae not undesirable to make some additions to the mcral force of Europe.••//a very damaging effect upon the Douglas side from the continued receipt of bad news from the East.THE CITIZENS OF BOSTON.A roee ing was h«-ld some month or two since at theParker Houee, at which a subscription ^vas opened for the purpose of making up a purae to be presented to Mr. Heensn, when ht should arrive in Boston. This was started before the Champion left England. His, friinds and admirers put down liberally, and the figures from time to time cam*- up handsomely. Mr. Heenan being in the city, it was deemed an appropriate occasion to pre- sent the purse. Accordingly, a few frienda assembled at the residence of Mr. Dai iel RobbiDs, No. 1 Chardon stTeet". Sa'urday eveniig about 10 o'clock, when the presentation took place. As the affair had not been made public, tbe attendance v<as confined to but a com- paratively few; otherwise the number would have far exceeded the capacity of tbe bouse. Among those present were Aa on Jones, Jack McDonald, Ned Price,The latest dates from Damascus report all quiet render snch a proceeding unnecessary. .Oregon advices are received to the 3lso of July. current that Mr. Bent has been murdered by the and James Cuf-ick.in return Harrison was struck over the head with some blunt instrument in the hands of Frank Enright, as is alleged, and laid out insensible, Horrigan's skull w a s fractured and his scalp badly lacerated. T h e police of the First Ward hearing the disturbance hastened to the spot and arrested Patrick O'Brien, upon whoee person a slung bhot was found. Officer Quackenbush took bim to ! the Station-House. Frank Enright jumped into a carriage that stood near tbe door, and was driven off. Tbe police were sent in* pursuit of him. HIB brother and Daniel Horrigaan were sent to the New-York Hospital. The injuries of the latter are of so serious a nature that he cannot survive.EVENTFUL F AMIL Y GA THERING.—A gathering of axi interesting cbarabter took place in High Ridge, Conn., on Thursday of last week. Five generations belonging to the, family of Polly Stevens—formerly known as Polly Curtess—comprising 111 members, 96 of whom are still living.together with a few specially invited ones, met upon the premises of the old homestead forbe purpose of commemorating so rare and auspicious an event. An ample table was spread under the trees n the open air, which afforded an agreeable and cool- After partaking of the plentiful variety furnished foribe occasion, a suitable prayer was offordd by the Rev. T. D. Littlewood, of the M. E. Church, in tbe place, and a brief address delivered by the Rev. S. W. Clark, of the Congregational Church, North Stamford. A novel and unexpected event then took place. It waa announced that there was a child to be baptized, whichproved to he tbe great-great-grandchild, a fine, healthy- looking girl, the daughter of Gould and Caroline M. Raymond, of Williamiburgh, N. Y. The ordinanceof' baptism was accordingly administered by the Rev. T. D. Liitlewood, and the name of Josephine Adelia given- to tbe child. After a short prayer and the benediction, this pleasant and interesting gathering dispersed, leav- ing us highly gratified, and with only the wish that such gatherings might become more common among; us, anc that, all such, might have as happy, if not as eventful a close.i<m•SUDDEN DEATH OF AN UNKNOWN MAN.—Last nightabout nine o'clock, officer Harris, of the Eighteenth Ward found a man lying sick upon the sidewalk, cor- ner of Broadway and Twenty-first street. A car- riage was procured and the man taken to Bellevue Hospital. He died before reaching that institution. The deceased was dressed in black clothes, pink striped shirt, and low shoes. He had black hair and whiskers, and had lost one of the fingers on his rightThe Bourse is quiet. lower, 68f. 15cthe sul sidy was then agreed to.Mr. Bright reopened the subject of Paper Duties.He condenned the Government for their quiet acquies- o n c e in the action of the House of Lords, and urged the House to counteract the evil influence of the course taken.Lord Palmerston thought the subject had been amply considered, and expressed the opinion that the country w*s satisfied with the action of tne Government: 'of realizing fortunes. tection does not amount to anything, and the military Ah election has been held in the Carson Valley re- commander is worthless.gion, to organize a provisional government for the pro- . There is no knowing what moment the Indians may posed Territory of Nevada, on the equatter sovereignty take the country, as they have done -everything that principle. The returns indicate a vote favorable to the they can to provoke.the military to action; but theyorganization. • are afraid to assume any responsibility, and therefore An affray took place during the election at Yetiva, in permit the Indians to do what tSey please. Effortswhich B. M. Anderson, lat& Lieut. Governor of Cali- have been made to get tbe Commander of the Depart- fornia was shot, and, it is supposed, mortally wouuded. ment to accept the services of 1,000/voIunteers. butMore overland emigrants continued to arrive at Car- aft*r consultation wiih the Government he has refused. son Valley, reporting large numbers on the road. The Fedderal officers are tot loggerheads, and do Since the 1st of June about 200 tuns of Washoe silver not speak, and tbe.consequence is no unity of action or ore has been gent to San Francisco. Tbe amount of feelh g among them; therefore the public interestMr. Laing's motion was lost, by 39 against 145, and "Washoe, and many holders of the claims are sanguine them any time in the public equu're. The military pro-4WASHINGTOH, Monday, Au«r. 20, 1860.Tbe decision of the Paraguayan Commission being, been alluded: tor oiherBh&VQ not. The p r o m i n e n t ^ , Truxillo Taken by Gen. IValfcer. that,theCompanyqadnorightofdamageagainstthe turewasSIR:InyourjournaloftbirdatethefoHovrtaxg ft*-sage occur*, which, as it miareprewmts my optaiottGovernment of Paraguay, and that Paraguay was not reeponsible for damages, the Company naa filed with the President a protest, on the ground that the Com- missioners excet-ded their jurisdiction in .determiningschooner Clifton, whi >h was captured hy the British fore a nullity. ' fraternity, with their bai/tos ^Mes* dec, and all appar- tlon 1* to b« wi«.M*d in N«w-Yock M d~ind by MotmvDlokfa»~ •ONE OF W ALKER'S SCHOONERS CAPTURED BY THE BRITISH.NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, Aug. 20, i860.This class did1 *»lively and extensive business. The and my business here, of course (nadvertenfly, 1* beg8w«at Cloth, Koult.^i Prop*, and some other games The schooner Araminta has arrived at this port from the question of the.liability, which bad been settled be-, -which appeared to be * ^dx**""® of pretty much all the Ruatan, 9th inst. Sbe has on board the ere n of the tween tbe two countries, and that the award is there- rest. Under one large tent were about twenty of theat Honduras.Gen. Walker landed with bis forces at Truxillo, and' Tbe Pension Bureau is still engaged in issuing land ently did a "rushing^ t'oanoess. Surrounding two •on k Co. Mewnr*. Schell.Barr, 81okl*», Ryndon, u>ffft*HL warrants under the Omnibus Military law of 1845,. but sides of the Amphitheater w^re also tables and 8weat- bavo bora here, and arr>, It U mid, demanding tbe docapftatton otclotbs, the latter of which wO^e frequently laid upon Douglas men. My. Cobb I*at heart opjxwod to making removal* * the grass. The proprietors weJO were well-dressed, for opinion'* sake, but bii feelings of antagonism to politic*! good-looking young men, who ap'oeared not only to opponent* are wrongbt op to a blgb«r pitch tban ever bofor* la understand then-Belves, but a good many who were bin expeii^nco. Bofb bimMlf and the Pr««td»ni w* profouuifj- subsequently taken in. i Among tbe earlier operations tr.oughtfol over the *B|gertIotur of eonaiderate party fHetuU, UajtvLIVERPOOL PKOOUCE MARKET -;-Thenuikct i* grDcrally onchao^ed. Su«vr q ^ « tBICB ateady Pot Athe* quiet at 28/6. P^arl* qni^t, at 29/. immediately made an attack on the town, taking it Tbe Garibaldi festival under German auspices tocountry.The California Pony Express.a stranger; This wae at faro-bank. The young man in-Conaobt are quoted 93'@9<r& for money and account. •LATER—BY THE ARABIA.ST. JOHNS, NEWFOUNDLAND, August 20.The Cunard steamship Arabia, which left Liverpool Sailed, 6th, bark Serene, for New-Zealand; 8th, ship Hindos- of Mexico, and has its origin in sentiments as old as del ght. Whether they tried on a venture we are notArrived at San Francisco, 7th, ship White Swallow from Boa- ton. •••'•.•.•Commodore just previous to writing tnem out. Theties of the town appeared to view the opera ions withserious difficulty is with the Constitutional Governmentthe revolution iiself. '.".-'The immediate point of dispute, however, is the cap-informed. .THE FIDDLER, SINGER, AND PEDLERHad many attendants. There was a young man with red cheeks, black beard, and a white bat. Mount- ing his^cart he would strike up a song to the .accompa- niment of a fiddle, enchant his bearers, exchange aThe New Mexican Mail. INDEPENDENCE, MO.. Monday, Aug. 20,1860-Very re»p*ctfully,D. ? .SICKLES.party taken part/in the fight not a man would have been killed or captuied. On tbe same day the Indianssorts of people, to a certainty, and dress.-d in all sorts then took the entire side of the roof to within some west, getting out and setting the pol*s. It.is expected of manner. As hinted in onr report of Saturday, there tlvee feet of tbe belfry, fifty teet over some majesticthat 'he line will be finished to Fort Kearney by the was not a profession, a calling, occupation, or what elmP, and carrying the main body across the street, impudence, which so exasperated her that she seized aVIENNA, Friday.—The Austrian Government in-tended, as soon as the principle of intervention in COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.—[Per Arabia. middle of November. - not that was aot represented. Beside thiu, 'there were landed it in a vacant lot. Leaping over the fence ofheavy water pitcher, and struck him ov.er the bead with it, inllicting a severe scalp wound, and knocking him insensible. Edward was taken to the Hospital, and the old woman was arrested and locked up in the Sixth Ward Station-House.MEETING OF JOURNEYMEN TAILORS.—An adjourned meeting of journeymen tailor* was held at Montgomery- Hall. Prince stieet, la»t night, for the purpose of con- sidering and adopting such a couweof action as will eventuate in rawing the amount of remuneration re- ceived by workmen. The meeting utterly scouted tbe idea of a general strike, and regarded a standard scale of prices as impracticable. A separate organization of tbe journeymen belonging to each shop w a s recom- meijdtd to report grievances to the general body,Syria had been agreed upon at ths Conference, to dis- LIVERPOOL BREADSTUFFS MARKET—Liverpool, The different routes west of Port Kearney jaire being thousands present who decidedly possess no calling Aug 10—The weather continue*'unfavorable for the crops.?itch a battalion of Tyrol^sw Cbasseura to Aleppo. The M»-»«T«. Richardson, Spence & Co. report Flour oniet, but steady surveyed, and the Company will soon be in possession whatever. Clergymen and others who are a little par-ope, however, having officially assure t 'he Austrian atTuesday's improvement; sales at 27/'®30/. Wheat firm, for of accurate information as to timbpr and other facilities, ticular as to what crowds they enter, were somewhatCabinet that, according to the latest information re- ?>od: tor poor a declining tendency: sales of American Red at which will enable them to push forward rapidly, and in disguise. Shockingly bad felt hats, shabby old over- vthe vacant lot ic twisted off a beautiful tree within two feet of tbe ground . on the premises Of the Salem City Treasurer, Chus. E. Symonds, esq., and then going to the roof of his boose, took his chimney bodily into the sir and carried it to the yard, where it fell like a "•thousand of bricks.",ceived Fuad Pasha had gu»raut>ed to pa-.ify Syria 0/9-011/, and White a£'l2/ 8)12/7. Corn quiet but firm; sales of to the best advantage, n^xt season.coa s, disreputable pantaloons, and boots by no means of the Congress cut, were wonderfully prevalent. Such plainly went there to see, not to be seen, though, in fact, " a chiel was among them taking notes," and'without the aid of foreign troops, the project was Mixed and Yellow at 32/, and VVhite at 34@3*/6.LIVERPOOL PROVISIONS MARKET.—-LIVERPOOL,s»Sa<J '-Accidents.abandoned. Aug lf>_Mea«ra. Bigland Athya &. Co.,Wakefield, Naah ic Co., MKSSINA, Axur. 8.—Garibaldi has not yet left for the and others, report: Beef heavy and holders presaina on the mainland, but still continues his preparations. market offering their stock* at low prices. Fork dull, but LONDON, Aug. 10.—A correspondent at Naples writes market generally on- h«need. Bacon quiet, but steady. LardALBANY, Monday, Aug. 20, 1860.A pad accident, occurrf d bore about 6 o'clock^ A for the audacious purpose of "'printing 'em." MenIt <hen wreaked ics vengeance on a fine garden be-longing to Mr. Samuel Rotes jr., on Mechanic street,aDd on the premises of the Osborn heirs, uprootiugtrees, twisting oil' elms, destroying grape.vines, &c.The Flint estate, on Laboratory sireel, was next vis-iteit, and a willow tree, 3 feet 5 ioc ies in diameter at24 feet from the ground was overthrown, leaving abole in ibe ground 0 feet 2 inches iu depth and 14 feetacross. One root of this tree measured 11 feet inlength and 17 inches in circumference. Ou the sameestate several other trees were uprooted, one liandsooieelm was twisted off, a bniloing used for a tan shed wasbrought to thei ground, and considerab e other damage which shall have power to decide whether any, and if was done. Thy premises of several other pai'tien felt eo, what action is expedient.and women should remember that .dinguise is futile to on the 4th, thai appeals to arms have been puolicly firm at 62/. Tallow declined 6d.; sales North American at 53/'® hickory pole, 80 feet high, which W«Pto be raised to- thotewbo have a special eye upou these matters. Hereposted op. The reactionary party, whose headquarters 53/Cd. ' • ' . ' _ night, with the celebration by the Little Giant's Club, were 15,000 people. Some were in carriages, but a are at G*Jta, hesitates in presjnee of the aui'ude ot the LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET.—Liverpool, Aug. in the Third Ward, fell, throughthebreaking of a rope,1 .—The Broker's circular* and others report Po-. Ash steady at instantly kil'ing one child, named Lehman. 10 years great part were standing. The matses centered about conntry, and are alarmed at he very populace, which 2«/tya®29/. ' Pearl A»h steady at 29/. Sugar quiet. Coffee quiet. old, and fatally injuring another, named Garner, 12 ihe platform in a solid mass. Beyond this were spaceswas formerly its iuhtrumeat. The Court, however, Rice firm; «al«-s of Carolina at 23/®23/6. Lina«ed Cak«-s in goodspares n< pains to excite the zeal of the populace and demand. Cod Oil. 35/-0>3<5/. 8perm Oil, 98/®100/-; Linseed OH years old.where the multitude could locomote. On the wetterlycu the inferior classes of citizen•» in its fa^or.According to a ooruuionica:jon from Vienna in theWm. Bay, son of Dr. Bay of this city, was thrownin good demand at 28/C/a>29/. Rosin firm at 4/2®4/3 for common. Spirit* Turpentine ac»ive at 31/.side the vehicles were mainly stationed. . It was a from a carriage on the Saratov road yesterday. His motley looking, inst as it was truly a motley crowd;is inXenox jail.and plaudits, which literally madethe welkin ring. Theacknowledgment of the city as landlord. He met with very ^different success, most of the marketmen urgiog hat in case they did not pay their rent to Mr. Taylor,b—b, is your grave. You have but fifteen miauies to make your peace with God, or to land in hehV Quick, as thought the'overseer drew his Colt's revolver, killed lour of the ruffians dead at bis feet, and shot the fifthRailroad Accident. NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, Aug. 20, I860.night, by which two persons were killed and several wounded.• •slaves were preparing for an insurrection, The DU~ WEST WASHINGTON MARKET.—The Collector of patch saya:s »:•'.'.'LIVMUNJOU. Aug. M.LIVERPOOL COTTON MARKET.—The sties of Cotton leans ties ordinaire, 92f.; do., bss, 80c. Tbe market is down- Gordon, the Murderer, who eecaped from the Vigi- Sol, too, had now not onlv obscured hie roasting rays, he State leeeee, tbat he would turn them out. The one in the abdomen, seeing which,, tbe sixth man tookon Wed»eid»y " ^ Tb«r»<i*T were 30.000 bate«, lacludlag 10.000 ward, and holders are pressing sales- BKKAD^TUKKS are firm, lance Committee at Denver, has been arrested and is but the clouds had marshaled into darkened spots, ana owing to unfavorable weather for crops. AJUIKS dull, for bothwore «B«htlT hhdW for the Inferior qualities-rL &£JTcircular report, the MIMof Uw wWk atW.onoi J s ^ S d t i ^ O b a l e T t , n^vol^or- and 10.900 bale, toness with facility what followed within the ring.loiSry, vmitr whteb price* «dvan(H»d W for the Inferior, >nd id. > . LIVKXPOOL, Saturday afternoon, Augost 11.. Benj. Howard, an aged and highlyesteemed mer- [We omit the accounts of the Set-tos as they were of penuuw convicted in the Court of g«ui<m» «lno«» Juau&rv !«t ence of mind in taking hi* pistol, and his ooolneM "»doll, but firm. SCOAK Arm. LARD dull and nominal WUAXK- MOKKdrooping.Beath of a Boston Mf©rchant. BOSTON, Monday, Aug. A), low.not only coohd the air, but allowed the crowd to wit-authority of their present landlord.LATEST MARKETS.—[B$ Telegraph to Queenntown:]em«•j|Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com' • . , . ' • ._j^L^there wereworth! ofTrV.^record- Some of ,beae bay<} alw*dy-THE 6 v S:R A 'k '7 0 N S 0 F T H E GAMBLERS. >games played wer^ Three-Card Monte, Faro-Bank, theyou -will allow me to correct:'•PROMKIPTIOW w x a w - * * t x /"Much dopwid* ppo* Q*r. Cobb wh«>th«jtfa* « of jrwwfj*-W ASHINGTON, Monday, Aug. 20,1860. of the day was the loping of $50 at a single venture, by every act of jpro«crlptioa makes vote* for Jadge Dou*2*»."Inacmucb as you bave thus given wide publicity Ur an incorrect report of my action, I trust you will not refuse me permission to state briefly what I think upon the subject to wbich your correspondent has devoted " the foregoing paragraph. I have not advised the re- moval of any one since tbe nominations made at Balti- more. As to those persons who have been removed, became unmindful of decency while they held the com- mission of the President, tbey had made th«mselve«- conspicuoue for denunciations of the Chief Magistrate of the Nation, as unjust as they were unbecoming, I •o his heels through tbe woods, and the overseer hav- ng no other weapon, he escaped. The impression pre- vokingshower. Butsuch,haply,didnottakeplace. thatuntilthecityisputinpoeseseioninthegameway vailsthatthesixnegroeshaddeterminedtomurderthe, Tbe obscuration of the sun was "welcome indeed, for it that Taylor was, their safest course is to recognize the overseer, because of some deserved punishment one or moreof themhadreceived,andlaid theaboveplanto ^CONVICTS FROM KINGS CouNTT.-The total number get him off in the woods to effect their ends. Hie pres-In a'scuffle between Horrigan and Thomas Enrightspiracy was formed one day lait week, by the slave*••"•- • ' .'••'••;.''•''''• . 