 Ito the year of grace 1409.h priest, too—until forbid-upon there, and after reward in heaven,Sucllwere the customs long, long ago in good OldEugla ad, on the close of festival days,identally, we are treated to a bit of an fi- quari;lm or philological research, which usually B well for the critical vigilance of the author.Thus:ON COACHES.There is a paragraph in Hume which may properly benoliced in ibis connection. He says: " About 15S0, the uf IOof coaches was introduced by the Earl of Arun-r-"'nrenew, Ceuaav ***> TAWA--1*w;j;*?**v«^-^V*.«C»-«M»«."theq uarry* is not there., *!Jarn,tb|ne,eye outof, floor,man. J ingov<ipnpX. in,Fox's "Acts iMid Koyemehts,''" TL, p, 129, foh m^m^w^»rd*isvft!BOlHttsed ih; the -sameSyria -and Egypt; resistaf decay for ceti dwellings thus constructed are most health pervious to heat, cold, damp, and wind. •*l*£aJrr or E*«ijan>. XKW** rS*xim&Horns*. I»T»*res ir&.0»wdr EUXAWTT*. B3Votesfre*. &Y»- Volt. I. sad .H. Gould It Lincoln.Kichar. i Morn.' A great Mgni-Slr, tlml ho will look Bad. ^ ; r :,"'* AK&S. Why, oadneaa i» onoand the solfiamo thing, dear imp.'Once more. In- the I)nVocatibn which Spenser has prefixed to his " Faerie ifQueeney'/ Stanza III.:health/ Idhg^eyity, intellectual and phys'n mtnt, and stimulative of an exalted toneo ilization and refinement; The American their ancestral European people having dw thouKabd years exclasiveiy m countries ol within the.region of the maHtime atmoflp Winter annihilates all vegetation annually year;, where all animal food must- be en arid fattened by tillage with the plow; v, sential necessities of existence, food, clothi: dwellings, are secured only by constant manual toil; why, to this people, heretoi mense empire of pastoral agriculture, at # of which wo have arrived, has been as '< blank, as was the present condition of so ment on the Atlantic Ocean and the Am< nenttothe oijdinary thoughts of the ant and Komans I? Hence this immense world < mountains, occupying three-fifths of our < novel to tnem and so exactly contradict* feature tb the existing prejudicea, routine omy of society,Js unammously. prouounc habitable deserts To any reversal of such the unanimous public 'opinion, the rich ai wise and ignorant, the famous and obscn oppose unanimously a dogmatic and unieiat \viththy cruell dart," &0. •;Tie plan of this ambitious work, of which twohich it is to consist are thetealvoftnnes of > ]id pottle-pot;" and he looked with a mock grav- ity; at 1. " A ljtckTalack,* my lord S Bashfulness—baahfulness! Itbe inv foot's fetter, my hand:s gyve, my tongue's palsy, niy fortune's bwie, my ambition s nightmare- saving only in your Jordsliip'S service, wherein, me- thinks, I be nor cripple nor laggard."" A«d thou, most drtindod impfi of highert Iovo, . Fairo Ventw' aonne, thi£©w completed, approach©sthe extreme borders of Iegitfm»te historical coroposition. I t occupies a iniddle ground between tb<y professed romance of fcistory, in which accredited facts are made to s*rve a* the basis for fictitious representation, and lite richly embellished narrsatives of such writers as Carlyleand Macaulay. The author has evidentlyTherefore Stubbes, instead of calling the Duke " ason of the devil," «s IIdngard says, only designatedhim as a sewn of the Ore>wn of France. Even a com-mon English Dictionary would have taught the Catho-made a profound study of the period which he de-»cribes; he has caught the spirit of the remarkableago which' witnessed the birth of Puritanism in the find them out; who—whence—and so torth. IEnglish Church; he uses his authorities with criti-tell th<»e my heart yearneth toward them; most to-eal sagacity; but not contewardtfact* in a, simple narrative>,he aims at perpetual concenleth me to know it. for he hath no lees the look • dramatic effect by a series of a mim of stamp.and mold, than of years andgbdli- of artificial groupings, ness. Mark his iorm—wan and slender, albeit straight which preserve the vivicmess and intensity of. asawt sodman's shaft! Arid what a brow I Tliree- ears and ten there; but there be manhood yet. By my haKdom! I would salute such an Olio in nominegard, but is necesBary to• understand rightly the sensein which the word isuseid in quotations from Papers ofthe day on previous*pag(osof this work...-....: ,:• •;:-.-_; ,| '. ness. To them, tho delineations of travelerthe stage, without its iHcisions. In spite of the score yW e ought to- notice; the excellent typography of these volumes,: which are;among the mo'st.^oredit-intelligent, are here tinged with lunacy; tlgeography is befogged; the sublime orderno longeT'holds, and the supreme engineeriintrinsic viciousness of theIplan, we are bound to say ttftttfr: Hopkins has:•»aanaged ifc"with no littlei/. Hasten, good Varney!" <:at fault and a'chaos of blunders J. ]•']'/'•" i;'{'> '^XThe esquire performed his errand with alacrity; but, for moJeaty's sake, by .proxy.. His report, however, thus far is marked by. wa8'cut short almoiBt at the first word, for the gallant qualitieswhichgiro acomstantinterest toitspe- lor<lwasappealedtoattheinstantinahotdisputebe- xiiesJ^jfft&ey do not place it in the highest rank of. twecn a.CQurt beau, and a court belle, whether^ the crossing.of two lines on the palm of her beautiful hand did betoken her of the Komiah religion or no. Before thisgrwequestioncouldbesettled,theburningupon the grt»enwas over; the people wore resuming theirThe PASTORAL REGION is longitudinal, it is under the Temperate Zone, out of wlability, and that las workhistorical authorities.' PORTRAIT OP QXTZEN ELIZABETH.Elizabeth was now in the first blush of womanhood— jtu*t entered upon her twent,y-sixth year. Her com- plexio© and hair were lighti; her forehead large and lair; her eyes lively and <>f a pleasing expression, though short-sighted; her vlose, somewhat aquiline;ber face, wanting in the regularities of completebeauty, yet oval and perfe<ctly fair, and her counte-nance so bright as covered smaller defects; her stat-«re, tall; her figure, slender, erect, and symmetrical.late of the U. S. Army. :8T.6.. pp. 194. Sower, Bornos !LCO.The^ author of this volume is an^enthusiastic ex-pounder of the capahillitiea of the'western portionofthiscontinentas ajgraio,gold,andpastoralre-Zone on the south., -Th.e#.'parallel'; Aclan»i< commercial region flanks it on the east; th cilic OHthe west. The Great Plains, then, arato and bind together these flanks, round thevarietvandcompactnessofarrangemei mentarydetails of society,which enables to covern itself with the same ease as a sinAssuming, then, that the advancing cblu ress having reached and established itself along the eastern front of the Great Plains, iana to Minnesota; having, also, jumpe.flanked them to occupy California and Ore ing that this column is about to debouch.VL the front aad occupy them with the emboc of our thirty millions of population, here tered upon the flanks, but now converging i upon the center: some reflections, legitnxAsarspecimenofhisskil1indelineation,wemay present the followinggion. He sets forth hhf viewsWith such undue pastimtiv: and the company in the galleries were in all vehemence of expressjion as naturally to put theepiritr-had superadded the cz•owning charm of a serene, roujtetic grace in all her m<>Vemopts. In everything She said or did, this majestic; air inspired awe rather than love; yet she could assinms a fascinating manner which few could resist; and her greatness and sweet- »e** wexoso blended, that ai1 admired her.Here is an effective description of a celebrated scene at:w's FAIR.Clerkwweu' Greenwas a iamous placefor merry do- bigs. That old church'and those old elms had wit- nessed rare and roistering patBtimes years and years be-born, or bluff llarry, her fore Oueen Elizabeth was 1many a merry maid, now sire. Many a gallant and :aces and princesses—dust BO had- lords and ladies, pruera, Many a pariah clerk n o w , a s w e l l a s h n m b l e r Iov<had piously turned stage- of London in bygone year*!playerthereonceatwelveiaonth;playingwholehis-saints.But St. Bartholomew's festival did not end with thefrom old opinion and the prejudices of ad and uninhabitable regjions between Kansas and ti'dn.'- •.••'- . " j '•/•Great Plains are the finest grazing lands on earth, result of pastoral agriculture. The cattle 1 producing a natural hrly, and Supporting millions coripume eight:times the food per head, aBAKTHOLOMTEcanop] y they created an exciting picture of wild andanimaled contrasts. Yet tho chief interest of the sconewas beneath; in the vastness, the surging, tho per-petnal voice, of that stream of human life which eddiedalong the streets. I am not sure that 'thero was notgornetl,ing there which the Eyo to whom darkness andlight a:re both alike smiled upon and blessed. Therowasg<>bd cheer there,.of meats and drinks, upon tho" yet unoccupied, in q\aantities surpassing belief, ocean, it is manifest-that arable.labor, beinjaged looks, and whispers, church-yard duet,,had exchaithe production of bread food only, may coi to a very small percentage of its present} the cultivated ground be greatly reduced in' '* • '"' •'••<•"To theso. favors, nature—or rather .her.own princely John ttnd Mary, and the resemblances of divers otherhe contends are: that the theory of\vnst deserts,' may cheer the timid, and confirm thosewscores •of tables which encircled every fire; but I do and true-love tokens, at the fairs of Clerkenwell; and not mi:an that. There was cordial greeting there be-divr.m artistic emendations tonee out of tho Bible, with iAmerica," as complete ais that which pervaded Europorespecting tho Atlantic 0<ceah during tho whole historicperiod prioi'to Columbus, These PLAINS are not desgrti,but the opposite, and are the cardinal basis of the fu-turc emph c of commerce and industry now erecting it-self upon the North Anlericah Continent. They arecalcareous, and form th<a P ASTORAL GARDEN of the the Great Plains still exceeds in amount tland the devil for merry-antLreW; revivifying Samson and Delilah, David and Cd with the actors of the <^ueen of Sbeba. Compare the fourteenth were An- nineteenth century, they of ents, the reign of a singleakim. At tkeir entortainmie playing ox a single day, king was but a tit-hit; and tl>etite. They used to playbut the whetter of the appitions for a play of two or oat generations after generakings and queens to hearclothing or in rags, full or famishing, and led him withthree days long; and with S»m through. Witness the thetw o had embraced, sat down to eat and drink to-them; too, and to hear th<y,1390. That was a small gethcr, exchanged forgiveness, and parted covenantrecord of their doings in Jul;years after, at Skinner's . play, though-, for nineteen a play eight days long, toWe»vhe*dby, they played >ble, in which they drama- rapt hearers, noble and ign<rriends—redeemed from a bitter curse. It was this miitsio n of reconciliation—a mission carried on that night through the length and breadth of tho city, a mis- sion in the likeness and spirit of that which made an-tized. the whole history o f the world from the creation» Players were players in gels si}ig at Bethlehem—which I think God did smilethoeed&ys. Many a Popis?in 1549—had turned player,den byj royal proclamation ition and bring it into con-to caricature the Reformat tempt with the people.IncClerkcnwell Green was istiH the place of places forshows and tun. for love-malicing and money-making, inQueen Elizabeths d»v. No> one could remember-when speak Bartholomew's fair did not begin there on St. Bartho-lomew's day; and no one could remember when thedoings on the fair's first dayi—archery, vaulting, wreat-ear-baitinfr>-were not wit- ling, morris-dancing, and b—••——««*-—•'-"--• againsld^arney^Ckmflenian.t61d^sense in ".Love's Labor Lost,"" Act'T., Scene I I . :'. *• AXMADO. Hoyi- what alg<ff.3» It' when a man of great •pirit The climate^ of the: Great Plains; is d*, my lord!"; w < i I t were, fit, X. ween, that some devout manylike „ grow* uwltincliolyT**•* "butt at: it, to warn the simple and unwary to bewarethebu!*tle of departure. .Their cavalcade, brilliant with beauty and rich ar- ray, was soon in motion, and took leave—the ladies mountsrd upon side-saddles—amid the huzzas of the rustic:multitude. But rank must pay its penalties; and they v'ere constrained, as they came home through Cheapside, to afford their presence at two other " great fire8ii i the street—one against Ironmonger Lane, and the other against Mercer's Chapel—"wherein were throw:a a great number of roods with the images ofreader on his guard against extravagance and illu-8ion. Claiming the rigjht to be heard; from a resi-dence of twenty^ yean8 in the wilderness, and inthe' midst of the pio:neers who are clearing thetrack of empire, he aninounces^a new,*Order of in-dustry and material development on a scale of thograndest dimensions, Among the points for whichrote, ijxpanded, and commingled till they became a ryear; that the immens?e region lying between theEastern Cordilleras andthe Mississippi has a cli-mate and soil capable of supporting and enrichingthe most dense populsition in the world; and that above enumerated articles of the pastoral•}oliah Solomon • and the hcai-t imd courtesy to fellowship at its own board ofCpttlo of all kinds.; HorsoH and mulca Sheop. ' • Swiuerepast, telling hiTM to sit there and be merry, to eat theresmd praise God; but I do not mean that. There was a larger, nobler mission going on; for here and there you might have seen two men at bitter feud sought out and brought together by mediators, who in- quired and reasoned and explained and pleaded, and would not cease importunity, or restrain tears, untilV alue.........is the fish of the sea. Every kind of our d< mals flourishes upon the Great Plains e with the wild ones. Three tame animals I stitutedfor every wild one, and vast/ferri cupied, from which the wild stock has bei nated by indiscriminate slaughter and the tho wolves.. The American people are about, then, to . a new and immense order of industrial. P ASTORAL AGRICUL TURE. Its fields will bPlains intermediate between the oceans, menced, it will develop very rapidly.- V their history the successive inauguration a atic growth of several of these distinct ordei bacco culture, the rice culture, the cotton < immense provision culture of cereals and me and wool, the gold culture, navigation exte tcrnal, commerce external aud internal, tra by land and water, the hemp culture, th.manufactures.Each of these has arisen as time has ripeceesity for each, and noiselessly taken and J propriate place in the general economy of trial empire.This pastoral property transports itself or and finds its food ready furnishtd by. nature elevated countries fresh meats becomo the food for man? to tho exclusion of broad, and salted articles. The atmosphere of the G is perpetually brilliant with sunshine, tonneesed by the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London,by lords and by ladies, andI by the embassadors from del. Before that time, the Queon, On public occasions, the crest of the Rocky Mouutains. The climate is com-foreign courts. rode!>ehind her Chamberlain. (Vol. III. 265, Appen- paratively ramless; the rivers serve, like the NUe, toIt was, therefore, but a xnatter of course, that thes dixllI.) This in its connection seems to ignore the use irrigate rather than draha tho neighboring surfaco, anddisrniUiricx were there wh•en the fair opened on th of aide-saddles. Stow tells us that riding upon side- have few affluents. They all run from west to cast,Sftb-of August, 1550. HsmdWino galleries, whenc theyooold have fuJl view o:fall that passed, and which were hung with wreaths anid festoons of flowers min- gk-d with evergreens, ha<i been erected for them against the church wall; -wrhile the respectable com- pinnrrs were provided withi rude forms convenientlyarrarged just beneath tSfo galleries. Merry-andrews and TOercers,' jugglers, - Je*vs, and iockeya, lackeys. light-©'-hearts, ana leal Iov•era, bnli-dogs, bears, ana brawny veomen, had been binsy as bees three hours or more. When, just as a maimed wrestler was borne bleeding from the ground, t;redo and merriment woro arrested j by the long blast of a bugle,' and all eyesturned toward the center of Ithe green.< >ue man stood there idvme, plainly drowsed in smockand hose, a dagger in his girdie, a aprig of holly in his cap, a burning torch in his hand, and a pile ot billets and furze faggots? by hid sic!e. As the bugler wound bis last note, the great door c>f the church, before which hud just gathered a party <af horsemen, was thrownsaddhis was introduced by .Richard II. upon occasion of hismsniage in 1382. (Survey of London, 132.) D'Ewes says (p. 59) that the Queen went to the .Parliament- Uous<i in 1562-3, " o n horseback, a little behind tho Loid*Chamberlain;" an expression without the asubi-gnity of that of Hume. Niue years before 1530, the Queer rode to Parliament in hercoach. (D'Ewes, 136.) I have another object in here citing Hume. That "the use of coaches was introduced by the Earl of Arund el about 15S0," ia not only an error, but I think it appears how Anderson, singularly enough, fell into it. {%.[ume -refers to Anderson for.his authority; andAnderuon indeed says' so.) The Earl' of Arundel diedinl58(>, at the advanced age of sixty-nine years. Gam-den records his death, under that date, iu his text, ons 56; where, in the margin, are the words, " The age 2of the Earl of Arundel, who first brought the une of coaches into England." Anderson has probably mistak en a marginal note which points backward as stating• a fact of 1580; and Hume has followed him too tfustfu lly. Lingard misreads Camden's note in the same strange way; and, what is more singular, recog- nizesxias-a note (Vol. YII. 305, note). •Humehaving beds shallow and broad, and the basins throughwhich they flow are fiat, long, and narrow. The area-of the "Great Plains"-:is equivalent to the surface ofthe twenty four States btetween the Mississippi and theAtlantic Sea, but they an0 one homogeneous formation,smooth, uniform, and continuo'us, without a,single ab- and inspiring to the temper. It correspon< rupt mountain, timbered fcpace, desert, or lake. From surpasses the historic climate of Syria ai their ample dimensions zmd position they define them- from whence we inherit all that is etherealopen, and gave passage to some. forty or fifty well-dreosed burghers, each ladeni with the spoils of PoperyStripped from the church andI from neighboring ehapels,shnnesvand convents. Astlhey made their appearanceand moved under escort of the cavaliers—all wearingbadges of Kving green—thei whole' multitude gave apealing shout of welcome. The torch-bearer lighted Boone n, a Dutchman, became the Queen's coachman,and is, therefore, pastora•I. The herbage is peculiarlyadapted to tho climate arid tho dryness of the soil and ST. PAUL'S TO ST. SOPHIA: On, SKKTcmxosthe pile; and while the. Qtneer.'s commissioners and and w;is the first that brought the use of coaches into they who bore the trophies were passing the short in- Englaiid." (Annals, 8b7, 868.J Probacy Arundel iatro-tervtnirg space, it bad co>me to blaze and crackle duced both the Dutchman and the eoach. •'.'..ieaththem TASTORAL AGIUCU]DTURK will become a separate grand department of nati'onal industry.The pastoral character•istic, being 'novel to our peo- pie, needs a minute explanatioh. In traversing the continent from tho Atlaiiitic Beach to the South Pass, the point of greatept altiltudc and romoteness from the sea, we cross successiv*ily the timbered region, the prairie region of soft soil1 and long annual grasses, and finally the Great Plains, The two first are irrigated by the rains coming from the sea, and are arable. The latt is rainless, of a conipact soil, resisting the plow,our alphabet, our numerals, our written Ian articles of food, our learning, aud our syste; manners.The views presented by the author on cal geography of the vast region which h( are, for the most part, peculiar to him he fails to make proselytes to his opini. not be for the want of urgent advocacy.Sto\r, who lived in Elizabeth's day, and to whomtions throughout, the year. This is the ""gramma" or r• It is but an ill return for a pleasant Earoften refers, says: "In the year 1564,.Guilliam'buffalo grass." It covers the ground one inch inbight, has the appearanoe of a delicate moss, and itsloaf hap the fineness amd .spiral texture of a negro's countrymen of the traveler. Unless a ma hair. During the-melting? of thesnows in the immense some uncommon means of becoming faneilia mountain .masses at the back of the Great Plains, therivers swell like the Nile,; and yield a copious evapora- eign' society, or from oducation, position,The chariot, or whlrlicote, was a different vehicle; used I>oth by Elizabeth (Strype's Annals, 1. 40K, 40U, folio e<lit. 273) and by her sister Mary (Strype's Meino- rials, •"7. 4<J8, 508, folio edit. 304). it was an ancient caiTia^;e. (Stow'a Survey, 131, 132.)tion in their long sinuou18 courses across tho Plains:storm clouds gather on the summits, roll down themountain -flanks, and dietclmrge themselves in vernalshowers. During this teimpoiary prevalence of moistmerrily. AMeach, burgher rtcached the fire, he cast hisburden Inside it, " the peojte" looking on with greaticecutioner,, if we may so wonder" and glee. The e;call biti% during this perfonnance went through a. va-se of disgust, horror, con- rietyot ; Hntomimc, ex preset itempt, *«>d hate, for the obje<ita thrown at bis feet. Itwas a t:iotley pile., and, for a. bnrnt-offbring, a strange;s, trindals, roua_ of wax, inl5& ^-3, on horseback, as above stated. The Parlia- belt of perennial pasture upon which the buffalo findsone; tables, shrine-coveringrnent of 156t> was the same as that of 1562-3. Of courss, his winter food, dwellingmed business without tho attendance of the Queen in person. The first time, therefore, that she opened a Parliament after 1564, .she went to the House 4* in tlle ancient accustomed and most honorable pas- sage," and in her eoach. (D'Ewes, 136.) It issingu-saints big and little, fragmentts of altars, Popish books,i, altar-cloths, rood-cloths. surplice?, and copes, bannersit restupon it without regard to lat-and crucifi The solitarelk, antelope, white andpine, and smaller animal1s innumerable. The aggre-bis task, taking the several objects from the pile andapon the flames, with the throwing them one by one idyes, the hare, badger, porcu-andJohnstandingby—forw!heneveroneofthesewas thrown upon the lire, their shouts were redoubled and prolonged. Such was the &rst.burning of Popishre- liesbytheQueen'sconimis&icrners,in obedience tothe twenty-third article of her inj iunctions; " making atone-y hdly meix and holy wo- ment, as it were, for the inau;a roasted to death there." men that were not long beforiDuring the whole, " such we>re the shoutings and ap-f it had been the sacking pinnae of the vulgar sort, as iof somehostile city."The- following passage iiHustrates the tendency of the author to combine high-wrought representa- tion with a vein of moral re•flection.Duriwg the hour of this tdoodless revense noon afc>omj<timeafterthecoachcameintouse,forsome t reason there arose abrejudice against it; and the ques-yofficialn o wcommencedjnerica—'buffalo, wild horses, sheep, the grisly hear, wc black-tailed deer, mountainsame variety of grimaces anid contortions with whichbe bad received them. At enich immolation the people lar thait Hume should have overlooked, or rather by shouted; but they seemed to have a special an;tpathy implhn.tion contradicted, a fact which D'Ewes has con-gate number of this cattlr-•., by calculation from Sound and occasional attempts at fine writing wh data, exceeds one hundred million. No annual fires forlorn for criticism. The tour, which the A ev< at Plains; these are confined df-rtekc8 to relate, we infer from someto the Koods—images of Chriist on the cross with Mary spicuoi:t=ly noticed.' • ." N<)W outupoh tbee^ for one of nature'scontradic-. lie historian -this} it behag supposed that the Englishtions! a mute babbler! a bashful braggart 1 Thou Dietiohimesare as full and explicit as the American, inwould:»t be ia godsend to a showman at a groat a sight. Butlo ! nor thine eloquence nor^mine is needful yon- der. 3•Tor this present, varricy, we be forestalled; The two in gown and cap in the yew's shade are more va- liant e:cborters than we, an I be not at fault. To my thinkir g, they must have,the odor of sanctity, for they weart ie true aspect of Gospellers. Now, Sir Diifa- dence, thou canst surely devise some cunning shift totheir definitions of the EInglish vocabulary,It is modern usage which has consigned the word to Satan, as designating 1the younger members of his family. ' 'Mr; Lodge (Ibiid., hote^thihks that the word was used in a bad sense Iby the Earl of Shrewsbury in his letter of November 9i, 1585, on page 319. Etc was88,1 o be sure; andA there calls at odds with his Counteiher children- "her imps.'" . B,at -thiitlie used the word "as a term of reproach,'" o r that it was ever so used atsoearlyadate,-adniitijofqueetioh. t•'•'•';"..'M'„x)$>#t only due to correct Dr. Lln- This explanation is nobe ancient one, in whose face methinks I see n t with disposing of his eomething not unfamiliar. An he be a Gospeller, itDornvn..able productions of the Ainerican presB.;••THE CENTRAL GOLD REGTON. By WIM.IA* GIIPIK, into the Arctic Zone on the north, and intoYA'vuibeth probably weutto her first Parliament inher ba;rge, though I find no record of it; to tho nocond, i-iv'idually returning drouth. It is in this longitudinaltion wi;» raided, " Whetncr the devil brought tobacco intoEii«:landinacoach,or broughtaco»<:hinafogor mii-t of lolaeco." (Knights London, I. 25.) In 1*301,tt-e»waii,"goosej brant, dilcks; marmots, the armadillo, N o v . 7 , a bill was brought into the House of Lords to 'the pecary, reptiles, the horned frog; birds of prey,•eo loose in expression as to inspire but a slij of confidence in the remainder of the wc delicacies of style as the following are o'f fnrcstraiii the excessive use of coaches; was read the sec-eagles, vultures, the raveri, and tho small birds of gameand song. The streams ahound in fish. Dogs and demi-wolves abound. Tho ini:mense population of nomadic currence: "This illy requited class;". ' Indians, lately a million'icl number, have,,from inime-morial antiquity, suhsistec1 exclusively upon these abo-ri<nnal herds, being, unacqi;iainted with any kind of-:igri-culture, or the habitual use of vegetable, food or fruits,From this source the Ii.idian draws exclusively hir» with almost uniform bad luck. Even the food, bis lodge', his fuel, 1mrness, clothing, bed, his or-ond tinte, and rejected. And again:(D'Ewes, 602.)ON THE WORT> IMP.A t r act was published by a Puritan named John Stubbt s on the French proposals to Elizabeth for marriage, containing the following words: • "" T h is man is a son of Henry II., whose family, everscarcely imagine greater pokes than the " The living apartments of her Majesty." 1 deals pretty largely in foreign words and piJt/iu.jux%f-ii%iCalifornia is wholly without foundation;' that the It is well established that six-tenths of the human family is, or ought to(be, animday. Nor did tho light; for no sooner had the sungone down, than the city was bright with a thousandhres. Lighted at irregular intervals, along the streets,throwing a flickering glare here, casting deep shadowsthere, shooting up wavypillars of smoke, which slowly of wild cattle, withoiut shelter, throughout the with the human family.* Meet, milk, bugold and other precioiis metals exist in locations We extract his description.of thethen, alcountry can be found where paeto; ; is •spon.tanconBly sustained by nature,, astween neighbor and neighbor at ordinary times next-door stxangers; b u t ! do not mean that. There washtrge-1learted • generosity there, which met everypasser-by,knownornnknown2gentleorsimple,ingay mindastothetruochanicterofthe"GreatPlainsof amount:P ASTOR AL' REGIONS. At present the, pastoral culture of the An pie results exclusively from the plow, andThere is a radical missapprehenaion in the popularworld.' Their position a,nd area may be easily under- stood. Tho meridian lime which terminates the States of Louisiana, Arkansas, "Missouri, and Iowa on tho west, forms their easterri limit, and the Rocky Moun- tain crest their western limit. Between these limits they occupy a longitudinal parallelogram of less than 1,000 miles in. width, exbending from the Texan to' the Arctic coast.Tliere is no timber upc>n thorn, and single trees are scarce. They hav.e a genitle slope from the west to tho east, and abound in rivejis. They are clad thick, with nutritious grasses, and swarm with animal life. The soil is not silicious or sa,ndy, but is a fine calcareous mold. Tbey run smooth!ly out to tho navigable rivers, the Missouri, Mississippi, and St. Lawrence, and to the Texan coast. The mountLain maaseB toward the Pacific form no serious barrier c>etween them and that ocean.No portion of their who>le sweep of surface is more than 1,000 miles from th<i best navigation. The pros- pect is everywhere gentl;y undulating and graceful, be mg bounded, as on the o<scan,-by the. horizon. Storms are rare, except during tthe melting of the snows uponIt is-probable that the aggregate aborigi ble. It is all, spontaneously supported byselves to be the paslw•e-/u:ldn of the. world. Upon in oursyetem of civilization, our religion, oatmosphere, and is pereianial. It is edible and nutri-By RICHAKW C. MCCOKMICK. 12 mo. pp. 354. Co.ability, is able to add something of posith the immense mass of travels which crowd of libraries, he had better cherish his recol peace without increasing the dreary, pile o place, which has been claimed by so xnauy a eler'a privilege The present volume, foi might have been perfectly well spared, and in no respect the worse for it. It consists of meager descriptions, mostly of places w every intelligent reader is already familiar monotonous reflections on incidents of littl> swarm With poultry—the though it is nowhere explicitly stated,turkey, the mountain cocli, the prairie cock, the sahd- seme six years ago, aud many of its state lull chine,the-curlew;vvatcr-fowl of every variety, accordingly obsolete, while the whole zu. atmosphere these delicate grass'es- grow, seed in theroot, and are cured into',hay upon tlie ground by theitnde, and here are the infinite herds of aboriginal cat- tie peculiar to North Af>-Tl«!l«j tT<>r« 1« Viio onlrt An- Imon expressions are oddly metaraorphoeble culture is expended to produce the grain that sustain the-present,supplies to thewto inflict an' insignificant volume on the goUntitled Document•'-,*, «.'•'^'':,,.,'.•>;•);, .;>..". ..$655,8 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 