 'VOL. X,-NO. 2820.TOBPRICE TWO CENTS. of that body in ruddy capes and ineffectual rush-lights under the supreme brillancy ing and WhiteMone toned ant over one hundred ycnag friend of Docslxs", in partlealar, persisteatly r«nt of popular seoUaent, as Aown atPRBSNTIAL CAMlfiN. WIDE-AWAKE DEMONSTRATION.Olant,* and repeat- Messrs. LiiAjrn's hotel. They aim to yomiger me'abers ofBctaila tmi* diritothe bone andFromFrom Shade Islandno4Mintenrted, U•Solidsinew,MaMaebusetta, (individnaldelagatloBS)..conpatible masses was quite, hanslesa, as, at fuarter 'the last Wlde-Awake torch cast its tlckeiia past 10, gaotiastnutej kv theInddeiit *nd Item.Bound u a shield and bright as molten iSfar tlM moon nproM U*t evening abont 7^«-eIock, teachingever-changing beauty.torches forms a red canopy over the whole scene and when the orders are given to march, one mightgivenbelow.be Inierxed tbat the "Wide-Awakes" wereUoes."hastened from the Tniu Office to Bioad- waTi on his way to riew the Wide-Awakea.ETen at that early hour, the Park itself and all the sidewalks were densely crowded, the stages and carriages having to slowly crawl np the centrd of 1^ street through dense fringes of excited and ex-pectant hunvenity. Windows and stoops werepackedplayed mass-meetingsconstantly thronging up from the side streets to well the numbers or supply the places of thoee lacky ones who had managed to push their way into the mainrent.Even the broad eye of day And tbou firom thy celestial wayPourest, O Moon, an ineffectual ray—but the smging, on the whole, was not ot a kiiid to in-the hearing of our reporter, that he did not have hisBeforterbyminstrelpparty:ley gathering didates.Presidential can-Dvtjr.trance.Thefuliginous canopy overhangiagthegwitleasen,avlilaauy fton Mow —fancy the cupola of the City Hall i*ith walls.rollingthrowing out into delicate relief the Miaga and branchee of the Park trees, as yourVainly, ye blessed twinklers of the night, Yoiur feeble beams ye shed,Hghtaiidsame material, and ahead so."with curious faces^ all the comers dis-when he wasby a colored genUeman who Intimated that as thein embryo—fresh accessionsdignant exclamation,politely eccostedof the palpitating cur-ingstartingwho leanedfrom windows or hung themselves out "upward-driftsinto a stage and driving ap towardstired ensconced at his desk in an upper story, with a crowd of admiring crinolinesSteppingmora thoroughly displayed its Metropolitan char-—acter allranksandvarietiesofmen,iwomenandkaving|the fear of Bonthem ezcommunication inhis heart, had lighted up the entire front of bis- store with a of wax-candles in tin — prodigal displayabstract, they certainly emelt like a detachment from tbe left wingwalla of American man-and-womanhood, the best around some decorated«f dieand steadfast men—78 whatdangerous;and so the oonimlagUngsf tha la-We were much eoBvsrsaUon of twowagontaibance marring the harmony of curiosity and into a curved procession, designed to imitate the: Whether from apprehension of difficulty, or as an pride "either one or other of those signilkantly hostile demonstrations, a relief arrived in the shape of a mass of sfragglers, following the procession aS%expectation. Itisascenesuchas,onlytheBm-—pirejCity could produce a thing to be proud ofin the midst of that lax administration of justicewaving outline of those fences for which the chief Candidate on their ticket split his immortal rails.No appurtenance of a military host is lackinghere, each third or fourth trun- company havingto the house clean for the keepwhich has so long been the reproach of ourderstood, but not A Western man, how- display was past.Everywherethe Police be seen mayquietly movinggle point. At this maguilicentconflict "inlntletl him of a pr.-Urie on fire, and unmindful of theimpleasant feeling which his action an'd statementmight raise m the minds of his near neighbors, heswung hit hat in air, and averred that the prairies walk in front of the hotel, and there, almost to a asaa,worthyners upon its outer walls, and m no way committed review before them, the former presented thefr bean-thecrowdsandwould block up the thoroughfare.the whole resources of the processionthroughpressingproper,sentriesTON," "wantingfriend In room No. 1,169," " want to pay a bill." Her-between Uie of the male and political sympatliiesU the first aUmn-point on the route.Blowly, and yet more slowly, creeps forward thestriving to peer throughtbat blocked up the entrance, .sure that manespeople.—terminus of Smith or Mr. Brown no such person was stoppingw)t J3etti'l0fk mm$. NEW-YORK, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1860.--3.; i".-* •;•?thewipi exceptionhatchets, numbering about two hun- of the onward waves of light. From many thou- torcheaaad two bands of masie. Yonketa, Haver- called for cheers tar the shouted in tbe fceeLittlegleamingdred, who are performing the grand circular ova- sand windows, and from the balconies of all the ttrai», TairytowB, Myaek, Albany and Troj were edly WWe-Awrtes, ".There's anothertion round the equestrian figure of the Father of chief hotels, spectators of all ages and both sexes his Country. looked down as in a dream on the crimson billowsthesay are not theypartyetOmaUonShrill and quick were the words of 900 In the ranks. Brooklyn proper. South Brooklyn, lary lunge of a torch, or a sharp reply, t» the cation had been made to them by the Bf;.nsi|cin Oca- crowd assembled at this point, we dive once more command, quickly and silently obeyed. Endless ap- sod East Division came over with some I,i(K) Wlde- column moved^apidly on. The perfect equanhnity fral Committee for leave to be permkted to make a into the unfrequented quiet of a side-stteet and peared the ever-unfolding links of the glowing Awakas. These brought up the rear of tbe oolaam, and with which the Wide-AwAcs, as a general thiog, re- display of fireworks from the top of their bnOdbb The Wliole City on Fire for emerge on Fifth-avenue, at the comer of some in- chain, and varied beyond the power of pen to de- as -they leaehad the Astor House they dafiled through ceived Oiese jeers, was most exemplary. Tbe slli^i- but they declined most imphaHrslly. In BjgiiiartGR/WDAgain pushing and elbowing out of the dense beneaththem.^^-Of i«<iiN*r po!)M'tersectingstreet,between Fifteenth and Twentieth.scrit)e were the moveiaents and fiery combinations Was ever finer or more orderly spectacle present- of men in tbe ranks of the disciplined Wide-that, as their hoose was a plaeeLincoln and HamlinTwHtc Thousand Torch- thrilling human interest than is now unrolled be- music played at the head of each detachment^ The fsUewing Is a statement of tbe numbers in the tlon. The bitter rancor, maUee, hatred aad spite!men in Procession.ing-house square, where they went with the throughriot, lor there were brutal and Masphaaoua,people from all•tln«. I. ._ L. qallow it to be M^'mJ'J^ "",^___ the*y „Has the eye ever rested on a vista of more Awakes. They kept admirable time to the hand-ed1the Pa- such sin as "Hall fore it, in gazing down toward Washingtonrade Ground, or up to the glittering open space inthose most in vogue with the direeton in The whole of this stately avenue, with its solid of this part ofthe entertairmtients.withevinced in many expressions were too stnmg for pub licatlon In these ctdtums.eviaeed,j'•'front of the Fifth-avenue HotelIchargeby aetaal eoaal as they passed the Astor Hoose FrsaNcw-Yoih CityElrewbere In New-York Msite:Prom the thus spiritaad Ihe pessnnaa ofif prevalent expression off-., h,hnhn..n- .»a S^TTSJSSSS:PiltUlIC SKlTCn OF THB WHOIiE iPFilB brown-stone fronts, plate-glass windows and Nothingjfirintable with leaden 9pes and Mack From Mew-Jerasy blinds of polidied woods, is illuminated by the ar- ink could convey^ the impression given to the be- From Delaware3,000 aad LB<»u,»d Ms were I,TSO procession would be slgnalixed by aa atiaok s a andtheirprinciplpeasrtyiS^Stificial daylight of more dian ten thousand torcbes.holder looking up and down Broadway from tiie balcony of the St. Nicholas, over &e main en--the isteliect and strength of many States are fhngedten thousand torches flame and flareBehold, tl)e fragrant smoke, in many a fold Arcendlng, floats along the fieiy sky.'Far, far behind, beyond all reach of sight, In order'd files the torches flow along.For lo!tor theired greatly lo enliven the Ecene, was at the same time againstthe air. midnightspire Messrs. StbaxOSCB or Ullmank with any cheeringutterly uncontrollable desire to employ this army strongly soggesitve ofof Wiide-Awakes as permsiient chorus-slngera of bronchitis,mhoarse- seemed to entertain a singular prejudice, stating than with EnglandUponBlotting the lights of heaven "With one portentous glare.portly Captain,particular,heAnd visible on hangethoiUy everyinclined to the " Wide-Awakes" as an regardhigh, A dark and wavtug canopy."appealedtotheeye,wassuperiortothatwhich elevation,inehidhigbrick-piles,door-steps,claimed attention through the ear. gratings, new boUdlDgs and all the vrindows hi theorgani- into obedience andOne line of ever-lenrthemnggliding Ughtwheeled round its southem extremity and passedreview before the offices of the TmiB and Tribvne, the windows of the latterextent that thefyontofthe strong compaides was fre-Far, far behind.Rolls on the un-listinguishable clamor Of horn, and trump, and tambour.Incessant as the roarlOf streams » hich down the wintry mountain pour.And louder than the dread commotion Of breakers on a rocky shore.When the * tads rage over the waves. And Ocean to the Tempest raves.inmagnificentpass.dled behind it a huge brass howitzer or field-piece, backthoeewho themouthofwhichisexpectedtodiscoursemoatAT TIIE ST. NIcSioLAS HOTEL.;!especialFifth-avenue on the whole is not openly friendly blocking up the windows of his room, than was to the WUte House to inaugurate " Old Asa," or In Cnidn-sqnare as fast as the many human obstruc- to the Wide-Awakes, nor does it do an3rthing to the enfilading of this enormous force up Chatham- search of Stipbik's mother. All agreed that if they tions would aUow us, the scene became more ani- mark a sense of disapprobation. Here and there street towards the Bowery. All the evolutions were Wide-Awakes they ought to have seen the time of xdfht, and have distinguished the advertised timeBMted and brilliant each moment, as we approached the main caitre of attraction. Broadway neverthe windows of a mansion are illuminated, and fairand ceremonials previously described were repeat- ed with additions and embellishments, just in frontwhichtheyexhibited. Thecoamiandtodmuldercan-IntbecourseofourdeviouswauderingsaoMM^theassembled m tbe doors of thelors and tluoughODt the public halls, many coaversa-children being collected and m(erged together be- hind its curbstone lines on either hand.changewith those candlesuponhaystackeoopUmentary,ia the habit of publishiag at fiily ddlars per name.Bkmtf presses forward the stage between Bring torches nowftmiliar to them—neraall huddledtogether,well-drflled corps.laslim. ka adsiea of the arch eaeaiy of man-in the blinds alone attesting that female curiosity has got the better of politico-commercial prudence. Endless seems the procession, fresh and yet fresheight "and then a terrific "tiger." The effect is somewhat startling to weak nerves; but the en-wen cheera for Bxu, and Evsanr, as well as Old 'JAaa ;" for BaacxniKinGx, as well as for free speech;for Dciiiai.AS as wail as for the Rail-splitter. Tliere wereand for for groans for the Black Republicans Slavery,man's tremor there Is something very difficult from the rattling of a coward's knee-pans.The Cubans, of whom there are hosts at theLafarge, looked upon the with philosophic processiontriumphal car which formed so interesting a featareof the parade.The relative and talent of Mcssn. abilities, capacitySiVAxc and LiKcout were freely canvassed, aad thebody raad^for One Compa-" " in the ofIke enterprising Mr. HAMBLiTOir, tif Georgia, was link-bearers bivouac on the curb-stones or squat steps of Taminany Hall ^just as shipwrecked mari-•coDces the provisions of his pobcy of insurance companiesRepublican army debouching demand that everyMoaajji aad fior Bxast. Then the tedium wasrelievedof thefrom side-streets into the Avenue, as room is madeallowance should bewith the ny, while giving these cheera in frxmt of the Tri- Wlde-Awake hiBia. Now a long, loud, guttural atom-fronts were dark and dismal, more especially those in the van. While waiting for their turn to bune, provoked a retort of groans from a crowd '6f groan would salute some straggling squad, and thegenerallythat,bajng set at naught for this one night. But other for their entrance the bypassagedownward ofequanimity.They could not read the inscriptions onand little dreamed of the dfre confusion statesmanship, Ihe former was to the latter as Hype-complacently on convenient steps. All varieties ofWhat with these incongruous demtiaitraasaa, «ha blai*i|» totdtes, arrtad >i^militaryappearon a rock, to eee^e tbe rising fury and vrrath ofnmtitndeef baimers, periedlad trewarisi, and busy in wUch the Americans were In- ceremony, singularevoluticnsrapidly formingtheirjiiHjtba whole aCifr to be sossaklail, fawiihn reli^oosColumbia,"*' Yankee-Doodle" and popular melodies from "Norma" appearingprocession, as near as they oeuU be gatherad from the otflcen represeatlBg the dlflinent Compaoles, andJust now Uh( gueste fiiere Snch «.abtdtag seem to be iaaialsuf«2ce, at^aTiSS—here under their respective banners, all dressed in proceeuon had beneath it eleven or twelve thou-and order as of our best-exercised rocket batteries and Roman candles sent up glit- delphla and Boston, ^t a cliang* in the time of hold- memory of Jxcsscs, WAsamaraa, Biia and Evaaafii >anyshining capes and cape, all bearing flanung torches, sand torches of many colors^ each blazing Uke a14,300 Hotel, and the last Wlde-Awake Club was flpatelTotalITkatwaiThragMudSaidcftheWide- andthewholeimmenseforcebeingunderasgood star. AtregularintervalsalongtbelineofAttreh, Large^IststisasissdbeenpromisadfromPhiU- withcheersfor"LniaoucandYaamaaoWoaa,.''tbe dalneonfcthtaileakaclal,tlciartrwiassdKtotbe4'aar,aaaaaaitiM&'disciplinemiUtia regiments. Fiery serpents whiz upward, tering streams of fire, these lights casting sudden mg tkeir aim Mass meetings prevented their attsod- and free speech.truly M^. a*t hi %u.\t calculate the chances and rasaltsafdivikM ii tke I«Uk aid Street- Cwicr Srenpi.PnJJ and Accnrate Accotmt of Every forth into miniature volcanoes of incessant and frame.««)» ef OMa, rascals Assolva as seoascattering behind them fiery trails and bursting in-to crowns of brilliants ,\t regular intervals, gaily-dressed wagons carrying rocket-batteries flame set and packed in each window,' like pictures in aWith a view ofthe demssistration, among the strangers in the Cityprincipal hotels, we sent reporters tothat a river of buming billows was rapidly forward through a channel of sculpturedboots to fall Tthheeym than naturally expectupon bouquets. And yet tbe"Qucnch'd in the unnatural light which might outslarethey were held. The curses he^>ed upon them enfCBtant were not loud, but deep. A Georgian, carrielaway by the enthusiasm of the moment, lamented In theyThe smoke of so manyEvery now and again some passing companyand tke guests are of a Southern It mostly stripe.'e»vaNo. 8—" But then we shall have father against son,and brother brother." against;;Uany of the American companies channted in verymade for the oc-AT THE NEW-YORK HOTEL. Contiguous to the New-York Hqffel, the largest possible crowd of humanity was crammed iato theand strange tints of red, green, yellowwhite efiulgence over the male and female faces.would burst forth into a song or war-chauntFrenchmen singing the Martellaite or Mowrirpour la PalrU, and the Germans indulging in gut-tural vocalisms and stomach-intonations of pat-riotism, such as the ear of your Beportar had not near one of the most the quickness nor requisite knowledge to follow.readilyNo.J—"The lines !let thelines go te . puttolerable fashioncampaign songsWide-Awakes in thisvicinity, attracted rather a mot-casionof the friends of all theTbe mutual anxiety to ont-do one another mthat.There ma; be something m Theybards andof theNo. 8—"are getting the better of hs, without a doubt."No. 1.—" Tes, the miserable Yankees. I swear" (and he swore) " I'd rather deal with Oldblue and anoc. ,AT THE LAFAROE HOTTSE.The Lafarge House is aboet as representative a"This tUng." said one of ttem xaakee femallymad. lU hang every aOec'S seaness, and cough remedies.the opera. Everything in this procession which The crowd collected early, and filled notgrimper-could ibe finer to the of eyeNothingreporter, again safelyyourTheytion—nay, more, with tbe honorable Instincts that characteriie the Southem gentleman, no matter howof the Fit In the concrete, and this thefr most ardent deep-rooted or how unreasonable his prejudices may admfrers must concede. But the tUng that most trou- be, they at once apologized, and returned the trunk to bled the Georetan was the perfection of military drill the spot from where It had been removed.of starting about two houn and a-tiair earlier.At length, however,thosa on their anxious seats were of our office, each company giving lusty cbeen as rewarded with a sight of grace, and tbe weary-leggeddles was obeyed withdetermination, as to excite unpleasant appreheiiBtons ttons of a similar Import were heard. One sM IhatRepublican Miss Floras fling -out bouquets or waveemail spider-webs of cambric and lace as perfumedsome more than commonly brilliant company makes its appearance. But for the most part,are crowdedstoopswith anxious and applauding gazers, the windows a peculiar cheer, consisting of a numerical recital er. The reception of the pioneers of the procession atpromptness and precision,groupshotel,iatbe par-the aristocratic though high,The Wide-Awakes haveinvented fot theibaelvesAre and there «ome earnest Republican, not are kept carefully closed, certain small open chinks —" One, two, three "^—" fonr, five, six "—"seven, the New-York Botel was decidedly equivocal. Thereit dows.beneathour own and the Tribune't win-half the was made ofpassedIn the excite-in his mind in regard to the consequences should theyboys, to wfaom bethusiasm and of the whole high disciplinesuch eruptive explosions of feeling.conclusionarrived at wasin oC pointby cbeen for the Union ticket, alternatingIkoae desirous of figuring in such white lists as mix march, these regiments uniformed Douglas Democrats, who had assembled on the next filnute from the other side of the streef would property in man. It is possible tiiat they mistook the bursting slaveholder, dgger hin,—might perch tUSmselves,andeverybodyknowsIt!" Withthiscourteousexfel-tition of pleasant feeling, the Southern gcntleaaamade a msh bar-room. forufwas the only case falling under our observation in the surging sea of excited humanity, the scene was demonstration In a more ridiculous light, whispermg cheers whicn arose from the Wide-Awakes and tlietr Older everywhere prcvafling, and not a single dis- star-spangled robes, or meandering in single file which the Democratic majority of the City made highly interesting ^d intensely exciting. among themselves with an exulting spirit of national friends had almost made both parties iae^ieMe ofwen rapicsented. The Flnt Ward of this as- Citytonislnd everybody by tlie larsa and kandaome displaywhich mads la the theyAnn aad Nassau streets, pausing fat a time la Print-hoy-voter."est'testlness on their part must have created a bloodymen—awill be fully appreciated by everyone who has aFrom Maryland and the District Of CohimUa.. From MalaetoevttaM, rendtlT-r"^ve^lbkW s-From DelegaticasCeaaeeticaCfrom Wcstetn1,000too flame upon the Bonthem wall of the New-YorkMason k Dixon'saled a leather tnuik frset a Ida flat atooAkaOM Mfl.,line, who, bavi^ ^yihiiiimIascertainingtliefeeling created byU want to dissolve let tbe theypraeeselon. Tkey had overpressions,of business .jtaleat. It appea-s thatWlde-Awake manual, aad afterwaids took their several wsys across the fsrrles to Brooklyn.1J.^T^^SJBtatsstheeach of them, aad the result of what they heard ishotel In Its way as any In the City. The proprie- as they please."stopping attor is Democratic in Us " strongly political precUviUes,But," said No. 2, " the trouble is in Um braafchigsmallestproximity of the Central Campaign Club Head-quar- ters, and the fact of the recent dlstu^ance with theNo. 1—" I know it ;Uwt'sthefrouUe. Weanpossible space, in the general anxiety to be interesting pointsoneisn fi.8respective candidates, while it tend- ly ;— onezationOn arriving at the City Hall Park, the procession vicinity, but even the sidewalk and street to such an quell the first rising symptom of rebellion. They werebeing illuminated by Chinese p^>er lanterns of a red, white and blue admixture.likelybeing applied,newspaper— his nosti lisedbycircumstances.InaThe delaywasdebated whether upon balcomes. However, the Wlde-AwakeS" maytosubject of universal comment, and various were theIt was seriouslythe Wide-Awakes had gone to Kansas or to Salt River,causes assigned.have retembled of light in the angc^pedasirlans forgot their aching painsup ever/thingway down the sfreet, terrible as an army with lan- kerchiefs. Another—indeed, several—were nmat na- terns, these contmgencles suggested themselves to gallaot, If not contemptuous. In thefr tllusitinr tetbe the Georgian's mmd and he trembled. And In a brave ladles who walked in the procession or iflirl ttsof and musical ment pyrotechnic torchlight brilliancy,a Southemor a cut-and-dried cotton crop. As they wound thefrbutfor it was very' suggestive of a lack-ef pocket-haad-res«gMncy,and a very sturdy development of lung pow-comealustyhurrahierthesolidphalanxofsomeillundnated portraits of LiaooLn, so prominent in the -sorethroats,that he would a experienceNow-England, any time."No. ?.—" The unfortunate part of the business Is,that we cannot do without those New-Eoglaud 'peo-Iwishwecould."No. 1 was about to give vent to his feelings In an In-into hollowfilled with ladies in tramp of the coimtless host In the blazing line, and dulging. Possibly, they may have looked upon the the spectators who crowded the sidewtttts, a^ thestage until, as it approaches Union-square, thewhole street becomes blocked with a barricade of speak, by admiration-notes of Roman candles, as to Hartfbrd belongs the honor of having rejoicedhe subsided, declared he was into the hotel to goinglightsweepingNewport Eighthformed the escort. The delegation from Portland, roost of thefr boys were inside' getUng their supper.can eh !>» yoo-Ujink you tght,Fifth-avenue. Twenty hands^ there, have"— stage pull^Liberatorsof organiied as an" artillery corps, Italy,"bnllot-box,industrious twelvesuccee led insympathy with all great movements, whencountry,BrsTAKSKS, (»oH»-ti>ce)—You ore in afTeseonafry^twentyshirts, dragging their beautifulbrasspiecebehind Constitution. Not the exceedingly quiet relishingjbFcau.tr are not in Georgia. youThe procession halted for about fifteen minutes inthroughway into Union-square bynext, Yorkvlllc, with one hundred tme; resulting in a vigilant policeman combig up exhibition. The orator, to addresses etxoqtuhiesiteveryjntfch. " Go on, there," said he"go on—wet*— thebeen twenty in thethe e.\ception, not the rule.The Second DIvisioa was led by IheGaribaldicirele, like the Kan-^as doaen >'Oters used to di at ailegencracy,struggle to.promotc our principles by appealingto theNo,and shall speak what I like.richly-colorwi lamps, sweepingin a sort of patri-big thing.""aonSnyder,''"a poeing multitude on an admiring multitude;whizzing rockets, blazing blue-lights and effer- vescing rcny effulgences. Swooping out of all the tidc-slreits, and iip through all the crowded thor- oughfares, fresh and yet fresh accessions of march-orighiatedHaven, Bridgeport,iden, Norwalk and Danbury, Connecticut,which have for their design lo iidluenc* tlie pubUc sentimentsquare the waves which had stranded their vessel. Thistive New-York Hotel, from the darkened windows head traveling above it, as did the Star of the East Certain it is tiiat he coaaMBced tlii» Aetch just as tbe sUgfatest token of a dUBculty the poUoe seesMd toscurity of tbe campaign path it was admirable to keep the aforesaid genUemen on the walks, aU their lighta better trimmed and buming. Some jocu- of which was more than counteracted by the quiet awl lar allnsloas were made to the Impropriety of burning graceful demonitratlon of delight from ^le Hit ftee» Breckinridge oil on an occasion of this. kind, but fur- above them. The Wide-Awakes took no notice of th«of which no word of cheer can be expected. over the heads of the wise men journeying towardsBut just in front of this latter hostelry is one of Bethlehem. Here the procession marches,—the head of the colnaui on a with appeared parallelsaidanfbialthe northern face tt the TuUBthe largest Wide-Awake Clubs in our City the or thirty abreast, with a precision of and line seven ndnutes after S o'clock and that atoverhead, returned thefr salutations by ratsiBCthe blueagainst deep backgrounda " open eyes Perh^r you may,"said the SoutPharrotny, but *oUier concon^»ant noises of the procession. He pro-running fire at the procession on his own book, ia tkebroadcastsky a shower of flaming rubies, emeralds, dia-you Hie nam pte-started the counter and in factWe are ap- proachmg the outskirts of the procession, and thised by tbe Twentieth-Ward ArtUlsry Companybanns. The Nlalb-Ward Awake associations, numberiag soias two hnndrod, foUowed, and sAer them came the Wlie-Amkes of Hartlbrd, New-Haven, and other Coanectieat towns, a prominent 'flace being asslgnsd to them,Bwnds, sapphires and white crystals.their respective.upeightywhirling soundingglancethethey couldnt control the crowd—nnd they didn't ap- "Lem /amxise: sovereigns enjoy Uiemselves,"abehind it as it rises a shower of golden sparks, be drawn with a pair of compasses. Further on,boken and Brooklyn companies home,— pearreturning elk m the procession was to themwho was said to be ato be the spokesmaa ef the Southem porOoa of thethe sky begin to glow with the countless torcbes ofthe advancing colimins of the Wlde-Awake hosts. wbole crowd ia front of the boteL He iras Messed"ingbrilliant and beautiful as the auriferous rain with we find the hollow-square movement again re- the regular procession having occupied not more of LiircoLstwentyBuiUlog,at aboutcession was the hotel borethem asof thefr task. Club, in fact, which had the difficulty with the which would do no discredit to the Seventh in its o'clock, as he sends up these last slips to the The eonunents of so promiscuous a gathering were12^New-YorkHotelguestssomeeightor tendays bestdaysofdrillandpride. Thereeoineexuber- printing-roomoverhead,hecanstill%earthemar- ofeoTirsepeculiar,especiallythoseoftheopposition.stepago. From the large wooden stage in front of this ant company again breaks out into a.circling war- tial music and steady tramp' of Wide-Awakes re-forHere was a knot of young friends of Bill and Evxs-the infliction with and be- patience,a arrow now shoots building, fieryor one hundred torchesin the streets beneath him. AITT. They didn't believe in hissing or groaning, butAT -THE METROPOLITAN HOTEL.flesh, broadcloth and crinoline, janmied and crowd-ed together in one inextricable mass.-s Peeping outof the front window of the impeded vehicle, theeye is arrested by a lurid and smoky glare, over-topping the tumultuous billows of humanity. We ing flamfs and fluttering banners may be obser%'ed.are now,^ opposite Grace Church, and can see the Here and there some transparency has traced on it followed Connecticut, Providence having about 300, for the Union ticket t" They didnt believe therethe slightest advance towards interfering with thepolitical exercises of their Republican opponents.ceded that the Union-square portion of the per- to the hotel. Two stalwart guards at the^ door per-We do these things better in Havana." To'do the guests of the Lafarge justice, whateverperformingordinary precautionReviewing the whole affair, it is generally con- accommodation of guests, no strangers were admittedthey mayhavethought,they said but little. Theirof retainers follows theformances far surpassed in brilliancy, heartiness and efiect,the demonstrations made at any otlier sin-sistently excluded all who could not fiiniisk a plausi-ble excuse. In vain did gentlemen want to see Mr.parts of speech when tautology is to be avoided-un- wagons of a regular army on tbe march—and, tbewith of " business witli Mr. Ciukb- professionseloquent music next Fourth of March, when thepatriarchal Abrjibah of Illinois carries his carpet- afforded room sufficient for the fiiUhag and portfolio up the shouting steps of the of the many curious and' striking evolutions which cules and Cerberus were too old birds to be caughtThere must have been an "irrepressibleNow and again a suspicious character is caught in the middle ofbor's goods. Withodt noise or bustle he is seized, chets, end it may be observed that all the torch- and here, too, the acquired ;bar," "gotafemale guests of t!ie St. Nicholas Hotel last evening, for while the former ranged themselves on the side-were lavished with Here was prodigal bounty.to take a drink at- theinto the dance,darkened sky—a serpentine quivering ligh^ fling- round, two abreast, in circle as accurate as c<yild from the window says that these are Jersey, Ho- to want to very much. The Kocky Mountam w as the observation of a sw arthy mild-eyed man, whoreprcientaUon on a jackass." They thought it peated round an immense wagon, bearing on its than two honn in passing any one point on its line would be an excellent idea for the buffalo to escape, for the torches to set some of the banners ablaze, orsidewalk, aad did pretty mnehall for the tte taDdngwhieh JoVe penetrated the chamber-roof ofHigher and higher shoots the wavering spear of surface a wood-and-linen model of the White of march..Banae.Oh, yes," retorted a person at his elbow, whose ac- wItt a pair of lungs scarcely Inferior to those of a for the oil to give out suddenly. They eventually eoa- cent betrayed his New-England origin," Them's boy«, Dnrbaai biUl, and his voice could be heard at least cluded the would keep on lo everlasting, 8fr, as is to do the business. I rather guess wc^goiiic Uie din of the music, and all thefiia, followed by a dozen similar projectiles, each House, with cupola and windows—the interiorbunting at the climax of its height, and scattering being brilliantly lit up, and a lefend on each side The £. D. Morgan Artillery CompanyORDER OF THE PROCESSION.the Wlde-Awake organizations.Ves. "itmeanstiiat suchdisplaysasthishad aboutt>ae thousand in thewhoonlywishedtheycould get inthatvacantbuild-has recour.se to and furnish melanrliol;^evldonce of the grow-"thcprocessioa eomethlngsight, :escort of these Companies Twenty-first"ing near the Republican Cluta wouldn't they cheerthem,cloaks from t but we'U aiafca shoulder muskets before next Spring. How;veager for a Il<'publican tritunph. Never has order hundred mena circuitous route, ar- been better preserved than upon this occasion, and and fifty torches. New-Jersey had the next place and marching the wrong man off in the direction of;the commimity is indebted mainly lo the exertions sion of many thousand torches, banners and and excellent foresight of General Police Superin-dangerous—riving justin time to see a grand circling proces-VarioustheIt was voted a nuisance in emphatic cheers. Tiie same may be said of the effect of an itn-Elizabeth and the Zoua\'es precededotic war-dance round and round the astwiished which so vast a demonstration by the political rai- The latter were led by ihe Twenty-second Ward large thing." '•solidlyis resultpresented—a long line of flaming light movmg confess, that no serious inclination to mar or dis-the UidonNorth River, a similarmagnificent spectacle;but justice lo the "Unterrified" makes usold ^gaongfa.tendent JoH.v A. KxKNiDT for the wisdom withdelegationprocession.terms, "aalmira-a vtry fair tura-oul," " a bore," " a Uon rises, fifst, into sympathy, and then into con- now," Ac, &c. Finally theawakes in Fourteemh-street are as yet stationary, windows and firry signs, paling »ud waning their up 'WO strong, and made a handsome display.on;serve greatcredittheir appreciationWest Haven, Hartford, Merhimself hoars^l,to get another drink, to the public peace.response,;in the her Stale with a procession, Jersey City leadingmagnificent ture-out of over six hundred men. Afrophes and most powerfulspeaks to one man, and awakens criticismto a multitude, and elicits thunders of approving delaysfromthe New aril W'lde-Awahes, w ho numl>ered 40a strong.applaiise n to- morrow the Triifime will say you were fotv boars ia passing, and you've stopped here more'a bearwas st-cnred frompaved with Doubtless, loo, the gleaming halchets of the N. J., called the Rail-spUttsrs' Batallion, numbering and fine fun for children. On the otherpncessim started,in its marcha back towrards the Bast River, through lh(! streets of iMimocratic New-York. next to them a handsome delegation from Paterson, makers,'' a fine help to the enameled-mu-lin trade,"norilywe observe Fourteenth-streetflaming torches. Turning round towards the pioneers may have somewhat contributtd to thisLincolnClub, numberingover300,sutue of Wasliington Casting glance1intierruplion"*"of tbe Uie other,said suaceedline. as aa Marchingof Uie country in a great political iiOierent weakness of the party whoWhenfirst hove m like tlic following strainhe led offria " You're a prettywere the Sixteenth and Ward Wlde-Avrakes. Rhode Islanding liegcuerat-ydown the names of Moboan jind in luminous and M. Tbe Ward, cf New-York, was going to be any muss, rejoiced in the fact that Mr," s:iid a polite Republican:of the WIde-.\wake ClubsFourteenth-street, through Union-Square, towards conjunction with those of Lincolm andyouCampbill, buttruthcompelsuslosaythatsuchdcviccKare Me.,numberedaboutsixtymen.Uauli.v,ferently. of acaus^can be taken as indicative would you Uke that ?GsoBoiAS- Sfr-ee, I upcolumn deboucheson their various missions of curiosity or but-iness, ceived with shouts of apidauge and welcome by them, which was flanked by platoons of twenty men. turn things were taking, they took occasion to get upAt last the head of themen dismount to merge and be separated into Broadway through Efghth-stiwet, and is re-check-string alltogether,andmightypopular embodiil ihoee movements are, as It were, physically—when thefr power Is made obvious to the senseTour Reporter makes a dive into a side street, elbows and bows and pushes hisits friends—in almost absolute silence by those not New-Brunswick, N. J., came after,* vrith two a mock fight with an Uiebriated friend of BasoxiN- There Is an Immense Inchoate force in a gre^t public front of tbe hotel, which annoyed our Southem fctead his most apos-the crowd.railings,ple.expressed.ever, spoke his unbounded satisfaction with theBroadway at the house. Futile were the efforts to delude the scene. The slow advance of the iightedlines rc-developmenta throng, his fingers probably coveting his neigh- White House. Here are pioneers with ugly hat- these Republican soffliers-of-peace have so rapidly with such chaff'. If gentlemen bad friends hey would were on fire for Liaoour. manifested In various ways th^Adislike and disgustdisplayhurried away down some back street towards a men carry their illuminating macliines as soldiers nics had ampler scope than elsewhere to be could g^to the private door. If they wanted to seePolice Station, and there given lodgings for the carryviewed. What with the myriad torches, shootingstars of artificial origin, grand bursts of martialmusic, and the suddenly harmonious cheera of theo%anizedthousandsforLiSCOLn,Hamunand therewasconsiderableofajam^andnolittlefun.As with'itswungabaimerbearingthedeviceandem- bationofthewholeaffair. Sounanimousandlieariyon the truly charitable pretext of keeping him out of temptation.BrillianAygleamthemany-colored,fierylamp-by appropriate the officerstierame slack water at the door.In the immediate vicinity of the entrance, therefore,spirit of the evening. "A piece of buntmg Inscribed with the names of the Republican nominees spannedwindows that look out on Broadway from tbo upper stories, and by constant smiles had w^vinf of handkerchiefs testified their and appro-night,soontheir firelocks. Each and other offi- captaincer is distlMghi^hed from his mendecorations or varieties of uniform—having colored lanterns, with glass shades, whileMr. CxmkTon, he didnt want to see them, and so, what with the ebb to get in and the flow to get out, ititself as or the diflering from, sympathizing with,tlftil like clusters of at each of the ISO faces, roses,wiitings in front_of the various theatres and con- the mere privates bear Britamiia-metai lamps, TnuRLOW Wbid—the demonstration at this point the opposite side of the tx Jm^" carriedcan flag at tbe head of the colusan. TUs was fallow- eontlntnlhs line. They left in disgust." "— sonage. He kept shouting Food for cattle" Three cheers for Bxu and Evxutt," and indig-"of the aimonnclng that the original of tUs artistic crea- the name of the Governor of the State and the Ameri- becausethe head had joined tail,tion is to be the home of Mr. A. LlMCOLV, for four years, after next 4th of Harch.Wheeling into the Washington Parade-ground at tbe foot of Fifth- avenue, fresh discharges of grand fire-works take place, every change in the order of procession being punctuated and emphasized, so towhen theand, like the other artillerists, were dressed in rod casting fifteen hundred majority for the Lecomptonbe congiegated jnst there as if by magic, and Superin- tendent KaaaxBT, as well as tbe men whom be select- ed to flll the dUBcalt postof guardlag this point, de-noises on the but thefr eyes to tba walk, liftingCoon- guasia haved throughout with the utmost decorum, as be- for all sorts of persons and things. There were cheersridingthat sevsral applauding Republicans •hould sibp over to the other side of the street. He" something, anyhow !" He winked significantlyof verbal for about aa whea conomentary, hour,nanUy suggestedas he Uiat indicated awaygreatconsoling"crisis, betiay thebegin- ning of bis ^mmentary he exhibited considerable an- ger, and appeared anxious for a fight, but be soon gotwent offthe itatioD-house. Quiet ensued.;are you won't get then la ttae to1 don't " about 40O. In the Third Division were embraced way the waving of handkerchief-, the coniinued in disfoliingw become oyfoulritem if wiiat illseveral Ward Clubs,Eleventh and Thirteenth,shouts and thedifferent verdict.nature in view lag the same sulijecl in tlie same light,children ar'nttheand Seventeenth, having ncus^y 300 each, and othersflauilng ftambeaux.ienoteil .Such is the Inronj^rultyGood night."The foregoing commentary, spiced wifli a large In-over ISO In the ranks.Delegations from Washington Cliy, Delaware, and yet in different lights.Is a fair of the ver-averagingspeciemmeannated \_Concluded Ei^:)uK Pd«-t.]rapidly down Fifth-avenue, and thus forming a turb the ceremony was anj-wherc evinced.fiery cross with the intersection of the street from Down Broadway swept ihe gleaming tide, aU ihewhich we take this view. The masses of Wide- illuminations on each si' 3 of it. in store-fronts, with and without uniform. Richmond County came Awakes were freiiuenlly insulted by opprobrious make your mind quite ea*y."dis-Maryland and Virginia, walked in the procewion, It is undoubtedly a fact thai at this point the Wide-solved tillUntitled Document"astood in the of the MetropoUtan, as he saw porticogenUeman,Georgian, apiiearednews that there had been asjwke, and with an afr of familiaritytake a was seen no more. In the driak^andIn tbeNew- Aght somewhere along the line, and after shouting former acquaintanceship.benefit of theClose at hand was a knot of rather rough looking boys,better natured,and before he left was humorous. quiteopinions were expressed concerningvote for LiKcoui i and fgreat laughterand waste of oil," "a for Uie lamp- great good siKjculaiionvii-tion."big thingof the" Have a vote, bub f" and other you gottIit not only metropolitan, tmt cosraopolltaa.doeex- which not unfreqnemiy cansad au Involnn-as well as ribald sad obscene remarks eaoogh to male tbemost phlegmatic temperament rousedladigna-whatever.•|" Slaves of the Lamp" were permitted to pass with- of view. The out any overt demonsfratiens of the dlsbvor In whichriflewithhim. Hesaiditwouldaffordhim pleasure to pick off the leaders of the battalions sing-satisfaction in forating his abdomen with a leaden buUeL Hesentiments stood, as many good grammarians leave mob ditorgaidiedbeggage-of have to wait till morning. If they w^ntcd'^ rinks they It Is of notice tbat the Lafarge hung no ban- at the whole Wlde-Awake proceksion as it passed lApyrotech-*M mainly peoiried blem of thecert halls. Proudly flap the Lincoln and Hamlin swting on metal forks at the top of each pole. Mil- must be regarded as having attained the zenith of wUhlRepubiicans, the Uni&i and Democratic men neither were fastened >> the skirts of the Lafarge. ladles, that one of the male guests on the sidewalk, ontlntlimabulatoqrt party,banners suspended across the street in front of itary bands at the head of every second company its power and capacities. congregated on this dde. There vras a alight spring- Np loud laughter was indulged In, nor were any <m- locdilng up and beholding tbe extent of tbe ButterlBKeach Bepublican Campai^ Club. Denser and discoursed patriotic and thrilling music—Some mirth was excited on linen declared that " he'd be d—d if ho overhead,of the other party on either side, soJhe process ofBiore billowy grows the human tide on either side drums predominating, but the ring of brazen in- description of the general appearance presented by disapproval or ^^lause was much Amplified. When the,baleonles by the forlorn appearance of one bat- didn't beUeve the St. Nicholas was tinctared withof the street, as the stage in which we are seatedstruments also lending vivacity andthe Wide-Awakes last night can be given allwhosetalion, lampsdied out In darkness at an BlackRepubhcanism,fifes andharmonyAt this late hour, no further or more detailed Ibigseemly remarks made.to one cheered the other hissed, groaned, and victvrrta —and he reckoned he'd change early period, and thereafter* displayed not even his quarters to-morrow." The procession reachedits way, in the rear of a long pro- the general chorus. These bands, for the most readers anxious for more information, or for more during the entire hour and three-quarten occupied by the passing pageant Indeed, so strenuous were thelowly plowscession of eiinilar vehicles, up towards Grace pa«t, are in uniform like the Wide-Awakes, and light on this very luminous proceeding, being re- demonstrations oa both sides, that it was evidently erently compared to the foolish virgins of blbllical proach was the algikal for a general eaitant Church. Here we pass the gaudy white martde- the incessant peals of their playing must be spectfully referred to the specific reports which the prescdbe of a good-sixed police force, aal the ef- mention, and It was saggested that in \iew of the ob- of groans, hisses, cat-yawls and dieep-blats, ftow liont of the St. Nicholas, every window in its im- imagined during every step of our description. follow, "collected from the most authentic fective service done by the Wlde-Awake torch chargemense face thronged with a private party of patient Down Fifth-avenue sways and surges this tide of sources." How long the prooeaaion took in on the oecasloa of one slight breann the Uses, thatspectators. Next we reach the severely conserva- earnest enthusiasm, the red canopy of smoke over- passing, the writer t>f this. account has no idea. prevented a serious collision. Wherever there wasBroadwaya short distance below, and sidebysidedelightand Hamlinword aboul dissoli ing it. All Uie talk on Uiat •abjecttermlxtnre ofwe ln.«i8t on dl.-soUMg It, Uien you may bal demonstrations of distent which fro«a er:lhiti*»pr'^ed to indiiidual members. One very TUs fflnithtJ u I'rmy f>dr iodcx to the curThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069care a straw about multitudes,"youa somewhat " All," replied the Ncw-Englaniler, " No fear of."id*"we ha>-e never said a —youV of human Uiat. We won't dissolve It ;ironies from your side of the house. If it be notprofanity..Excuse, mc, No display of popular enthusiasm in behalfof .Vurtbcrn poiiiics.Do They,too,thoughttheprocessionwasmovingina of great andweonlywishtosccujeaidinthe BisTA!<i>tE—Myfriend,do,n'tshut sake,inaup.laumbig—S,go0 two strosgparttoa.lt was feared Uiat the close of Ibe aboulthehoteu It wa. ^HS^.J^'TSiSlSl35 Wide-Awdw charge. The squad af PaUe pan atO brtngiairupthe rear, however, rendered this some-vvould fraught with disaster.willnot likely to receive many floral favors while passing us the beneAt of dvil war, and aa end toli."this institution. watild moreto coerce the Southburning cotton upon the shrine of Republlcaidsm,path of Lnmoui with the flames of lbsed as a decided instance of Insult added to resting-placedesignedtheMen, women, boys, girls, children and infants alike great Southern staple, and tills be yery properly view-f "="°^^ '"'oTM "" normal without tiiebroken before the nrocesslan couldlightingt^nTMm^k^ o°'n' w'"h'i"c"h he had taken his position had beenquentlycontended for their perpendicular, and rent the air with spasmodic shouts for tills or that cause, accoid-The smoke cf the lamps was an unplesant stench inapprobation,the use to which it was nowas indeed it was in the nostrils of allsuchthe candles were carried with sach «n afr of bayonetww^aMU^b*e"w"*a^nTM^-a wera to ju<lwr«SSvictoryance of the Confederation.smjury-H owner's and was notto bethethey right right a " He has blood inbaimers,boded to that dearest of man—the to rion to a satyr. As for that cuss,H uilci," exclaimedprocession applied an adjectiveu.f the Uni. n,' .iarters orace. But up here they are too fast. groivlngWe cannot get th^ fiireignerk as they do. We haven*! thebut the of was the Wlde-Awake demonstration on the part of tbe stringsthe lambent ghost of a flame. The bearers were Irrev- the St. Nicholas atnnt 8X o'cloek, and its ap>waseither Lnccoui or HxaLiii to bear. Thether than this nothing painedwould havepro- angelsnearly;cheeringcamethedignityofitsmarblefront.'forBkscxisbipos,cheersforDoroLAS,procession the and formed to the of the Democratic tUs Ubk." two squares aboveand A beardless Bell and Everett bawler, w-lth a beauti- Wlde- ful bouquet in Us hand, was the next important per-know the old Latm poet's declaration:posed the sentiments, initialed the groans,whichtwo hours passing the Lafarge andJsmiit,'' was Uie'cheers for Hops- Toir, cheers for Bxll, and one enthusiastic Southerner nropofed " Three cheers for more Slav* States,' which sentiment was heartUy rrqxmded to. Thiaebeere, lad oC ^cula gtmdttJ^* "Ach, now, yer honor, said an in all the opposition demonstrations of tbe sMewalk. Irish waiter, who was standing on tip-toe, Besides leading the opposition forces, he kept xf athe human massthefr hatster cheers were gotten up bythey passed. the sidewalklot of suckers. Where did you get your " I think dif- You can thoulder your lamps now,bpeassions, seen enough of you speakswe want to see file rest of 'em j;"jniistnt beallowei to goimprov- he (the colored person, to wit,) would thank him aad his companion to descend. did so without bssU*-But to close. Whenjthe hisses which sounded fromaad the Georgianbidtbelaenwhombehadbeenaddress- ing good night, and told them to call again, and bring thefr wives and ohildieB. " But I see you've got tti«Thar"• declaration wlSkforGod'sshut I'm 6«awith you now, for you cant half of you vot*"^^ -^.evter www.fultonhistory.com 