 tea.* e m i c from the pieoeurtot thi* metsuiacmt apartBoat «1 la* Amenta* coast ta n n a t r , and will « « >HAK1UET LAKE.Among the flotltta of s'.eam craft, wd the most coaspicu-their way op towngood took at this toag erpceied visitergrimy hands aad sooty fores dews taunt p e r a * w ughe ebe>iU t *rr go l« to India or AuStraL*. The ^tntog thia \ easei—much superior to the thirdsubject, and it is quite natural that the liveliestInterest should prevail. The cmeers are all at their sta-lk**—<me stands forward, near the foremast by the ou> from tto active part she took in welcoming the float-gang, which to a part of the system of owmarunieatton tog monster or the deep, wai the United Stales steam their light cummer ctotatog aad patent 1.ather bae', .abft^a, rtit» ere Urtittt aft, are much cooler, and betag nearer the rehire are maca superior to the grand totooa for a--am* purpose*. They are certainly elegant rocme— touch mm testy taan when painted white last autumn. Their wal* are n'-** blrdeeje end c iriud ui*i>k—-and the ttW beauts'J' an:Ut.ec of that elegant wood thai we ever sow . i w . / A w l cri-atribs of the ceilhag are striped with »l je u'J red, a*d the door coMcg* one*accurately rescm-b.t dark curly maple.tv.dny, lb* Sea, wse ruiny la tto» tatiewtog, but It clear-ad off ktauMfall} <c tb» middle of the day, aad the dock «at afaia mad* the scene af marry gambol, hy aama rather large b*j», hot we believe everything to the way m* sowtiaa, betttae:—a* >««*eon aflerd it he., ta perfectly yuatiaahle whert a osenpaay of reattam spirito have to* **,* >• kill, aad aartJcuiarly whefe a graaterdaya are toe* pteaaaa* weather, M f K l i a c by eighty three wide to Aside from thia, however, the Greet bar trend solooa a library to* over 300 S ^ S T m d J i «eape*«*vha.i«Kiani Bhgtsah post*, nurtttett, adsesemee, a eyejopedto, m. of t h * * v **os eaiivened by foot racing"latienaiiiy"by Mr. Murphy, the Maw York, pilot, onI wiaes toawpply the whom. •sty of tfew York for a tweivatnonth, hat that todtoubtfal to ear haanbte tadamtow la-day the rua waa, twenty four homra after midday, three hundred aad three aulas, an average of twelve aad tbxee-fourihn kaeta per hour We had a bead w tod nearly all day, bat not of sufficient strength to retard her progress much. The evening dosed in very cairn aad beautBui, with gorgeousCations oo moat passenger vessel*. The evening ofday closed to cloudy, with sufficient hrataa from the•oath to bring out bcr canvass, which probably faeipedas fore pacing ek**»ide, and un4#r her bows. So batterIron-, point to point; Captain Viuehall and Mr. Morphyf the Kew York pilot, WW* bk» associate, Mr. Vaa Pater,gait af with a dearAnother fact which we may here mention will show thegtots Work aad Bodice's tomnd. A* the boats approached the euetor her elegant symetry was quite striidag 0* •be eye, and, added tc this the munriee of her bat-teryfrem the effects of the rays of the sun. As the gaanta reached the deck of the saucy looking carter they were received by Captain Fnunor, her cemmavotweUdoomed to prove false, were oontinoaUy made by those oa board as to the time la which she would be reached.dous fabric yields to themighvypower wtebto her bowets, and eaoring etewly en its wa>, commence*, at it were, a triuatamal march towards the city. Gradually tbj point of danger it neared. The perilous•v crapread the aaaaater by maktag a mammoth gym-aatoom of ate tower rtggtog of the big ship, when all re-awired betow to enjoy the musical eatertotoawat pre. or small. The conclusion finally arrived at by all pared in the grand saloon.tag the tap, made its appearance at this momsat, aad its broad ami immense folds were now brought into full View, waving proudly in the breeze, which blew strongly and freshly from the southwest. The approach of the steam- tug caused no little sensation on board the Great Eastern, and heads were thrust over the rail of the bulwarks and from the cabin windows, the latter forming excellent im- promptu photographs, appropriately framed by the ironof Captain Fauaee, and his guests isvtted to "fall to." The Gaptataaad his able assistant. Lieut. Constable, did the '•honors" on the occasion.after carefully watching thc&e rogues during better artag, and in the courae of the day the pret- the voyage, although they have not once been driven to sjore of steam at the cylinders waa raised from their full speed by at lea£t ten per cent, Is, that twq bet- ttgbteea pounds to the square inch to twenty-three, ter engines were never put into a ship,' and that all} theThe repast had hardly been completed when the Great Eastern was sighted midway between the Xarows andOaSaSarday, themU.erdera were givett for a little•red aad thirty met, aad a ahip** cr-a never had aaoh Bee, roomy apartcteata for aleaptof had eattagmen aad beys weeing s*Forty fifth ctrart, ta he*- »revenue cutter Harriet Lane. trudgtd along together, totoUy regardlam of the dew*Collector Schell, with a select party ef Invited ciewdsefaust^fceg by ata III hUtgrn sBctnaay cs*the» very little all Bight.Early Tuesday morning, the 26th, we were aurrouadedlUu*trat k-n could have been bad of the immense stte ofr.-itof seeing that long desired point serif On oa gating upward, It appeared (to use s simile familaw toevening ef the morrow. Bet at see hethmg Is certain, aad before the close of the evening hour we were again to the midst ef a fog ao dense that it was thought expedient to tlow her engines very much, aad her gfeed was reduced to ten or eleven knots per hour—a pace of fifteen having been thought decidedly unsafe for the ship- ping that might fall in our way so near thecoa*l,al- though the Great Eastern would make but play of running over two or three 2.000 ton vessels—»hen the engineswere stopped—for the first time since the Keedles—toevery body) like leehtag towards a housetop to our city, over the edge or which vast numbers were bending to watch the meltontof the mimic pigmy boa! below. Such was the height of the bulwarks that tie smoke pipe of the Achilles, the largest steamtug in New York har- bor, reached but slightly above the rail. Her immense steering apparatus, with eight men to work It, also struck the observer with peculiar- wonder, as well as the systematic manner in which all orders from the forward deck to the stern were sent with the rapidity of a glance. The British ensign,anchorage, Mew York looked grand.lour thousands of anxious spectator* had collected onthe Battery, Castle Garden and along the piere. and oathe rigging ef the shipping the dUpla? of flags, as far at the Narrows, Ceucy Island and Statentorventogthi Insjwice building, corner of Wall and William aUfets, the top ef which waa occupied by a number ef gentlemen and lad.< s, with a good telescopes to aid their viewsgolden sunset, such at Bagtond aerer taw, and the paa-geogeri amutmg U n t i l — 1 uatil darkaeat had fairly are meet likely to work loose to s sew mach'ne were which had been hardly discernable, except as a speck, dur.cast the lead; the various screws, keys, bolts. AT., whichtried, but not one required tightening, a thing almost un- precedented after ten days! rua of a marine eugine, greaton board the Great Eastern competent to judge,She moved msjettjcalty tip the channel through the Narrow"-, and her immense buH aad mast1- were weU d> Sandy Book. In a minute or less the guests assembled ttBedewith the blue swell of Staton IslandJallis for a baskaad the revolutions of the engines rose, the paddies to 11 expectations with regard to tnem ma; be realised; an panel work surrounding those apertures. These photo-cn the great ship.Aa the company riewed her huge pro-graphs, besides aiding in magnifying the vessel's propor- miles. The day beiag rather rainy, indoor that she will be good for sixteen knots per hour when in tions, appeared like miniatures, when riewed from thewere retorted to a t a general thing, aad the perfect working order with a clean bottom. la fact, our deck of the Achilles beneath, to whose captain oar re- i, with tto library, had the appearance of quite gallant commsnder expressed that as his settled convic- porter at this moment begs to present his acknowledge-a literary aammtm atactonaa. A party of at this day tion in a speech at dinner on Wednesday, when he was ments for many favors. teok a kind of expiermg toor threegb setae of the down thanked by the passengers for his kind and able officesand the screw to 30. The dittaace made to-day was 301 all agree with Capt. Hat) and her engineer, Mr. McLenr an,portions the exclamations- of wonder and surprise werelew a streets of oar floating town. Weirat weattoher during the voyage, and enthusiastically toasted, the baud ferward compartment the art* near down appearing to playing "God save the Queen." He spoke in great alntiTHE VBIT OP MESSRS. GRINNELL, MINTURN & CO., THE CONSIGNEES.For the tost three days the excitement in regard to the arrival of the Great Eastern has been on its keenest edge. The fact that she had sailed on the 16th Inst, the sameday of the departure of the Europa, which brought theculated about the city, bad arouaed the curtotlty of allclasses, and from the substrata of the astrine districts ofJersey City had congregated to welcome the great ship's approach. Oa approaching opposite the dock, the Asia Immediately hoisted the Union Jack, which floated proud- ly from the topgallant, while the English ensign appeared to occupy a conspicuous place at the stern of the vessel. A salvo of artillery then proceeded from the Asia, which was Immediately responded to by the Great Eastwn. Thousands of spectators witnessed the sight, aad re mainedon the dock toag after the landing of the ship.be a kind of btochamtth'a shop, «*h several of Vulcan's strong armed disciples whaling away at the links of a aaaaater chain, aad oa the door next betow thai we foundration of the beautiful lines of ter hall, aid says every passenger on this trip shall be Immortalized by having his or her name placed in a frame in the saloon of thegot w* 11 outside the Narrows, and when within a quarterof a mile of the Great Eastern, she rounded to and headedfor New York, but slacked speed for the great thip tocome up. The scene at this time was truly grand—theinwnente steam flotilla escort, with thousands of peopleon board, gaily decked with all sorts and shades of flags,and the shrill souLds of steam whistles, ringing of steam-boat bells, and the burrs* and cheers of the excusiooists.were deafening. When toe Great Eastern aad cutter Lanewere abreast, the tatter gave a salute of twenty-one guns,in honor of the distinguished arrival of the largest shipafloat; and the compliment was immediately gallantly returned by the Great Eastern. At a quarter before fouro'clock the principal part of the flotilla, with then- mon-ster guest, arrived abreast of Fort HamUton,and fromthere a grand salute was Bred. The Stolen Island choreand heights were thickly dotted with spectators. Thou-sands of small craft, aail boats, dinkiee and yachts, bothsmall and great, were cruiaiu*- o* Bay Btdge, the Long spot, were Instantly seined upon and appropriated by the Island shore, beating acre** to zigzag tacks, in order to multitude, aad still the stream of people kept comingIn great baaaa those mighty chain cables which Great Eastern.held the ©real Eastern through the terrtttc galethat wrecked the Rojal Charter, aad the tame cauttoQMy run down the south coast of Long Island, now ports of her appearance off Sand} Hook that had beta cir-that must bvM her to Mew York harbor. We measuredaad then a light turning to tell us we were in the vicinity ooeof the litiks of this chain and fouad it to be twenty- ef seewjhwta again; and the Sandy Hook lightship was,During the night of Wednesday, the STth, she waa1•NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1830-TRIPLE SHEET.i i i i 4I I • « «» b tl I4bt.i to ta rt to I.K ei da P* aa ar tai wl thiasP"to-meCOttb be ut ReP* ce u i it. en thi ex a* rai 001 Ae» en) amh* Tfc ih- rm da: for it iI ful it*fun bee her AtL net Gre fleewit late vlo T-r • din rici of ofori wtj oeai detI flThe sloop hrtt slowly crept along her »hole length from stem to stem, the highest and the day cleared off beautifu! aad warm, in feet, it point of her mast merely reaching the tower portion efby a tight fog; but as the ana cam* high it we* dtopereedwater at the rata of about aeveateea English milesgot hoof, la perfect frilence aad quiet, with her course to past as near as possible and gate upon her, theguide the ship oa its course.rAaer#wTHB am* The toner u anally given by Mr.oomnmed the ship has now aamm ,engineer waves has hand, the cAeer belew, repeals the orJer to these still farther betow, end m a minute thegentle, bury roil, for the ata here appeared to be a bury bedaf rollers, as though a storm bad lately passed over it.About the middle of the afternoon a heavy fogsurroundedus, and the steam whittle was sounded for an hour or so, great proportions of the ttoamer. As the Achilles aeared to a a n any unfortunate Teasel against attempting totheHarrtot «cbovr with steam ew.tniamarcross the track of the juggernaut of the deep; but wewere toon out ot it, aad the evening brightened up considtrabjy. The run by observaijpu today was three hun- They CO proved, owing to her vast outline, which dred and thirty three knots—very well, considering it wasall made agajaat a mm mile onrrenj to the Stream. Attwelve o'clock aha was exactly oa the latitude ofSaw T ori, (do'deg. 41 min.,)- six miefesMtf* af berparallel yesterday, aad four hiscvea from Baady Book; and as wepound quarter*brass andDahegren''£* b contrary current tor a fhvoraMe m » » e f W mto j iron brackets Beef the wbsi* hoaseraBAf rrobf her^With'osfctait'jl* i**dtoe*s of a sail lfo<|WsoOed*be her_ w*fvA majority of the people are meanwhile circulating through the various apartments of the ship, at they would through one.of our magnificent hotels, beAowtag hardly a thought upon the v\ ent immediately transpiring around them, which It uppermost to the minds of s few. In fact, most of them are unacquainted with the exact lo- cality of the danger, and probably wonder at the slow pace with which they are creeping along. Once, it i»aaid, the noble vessel barely touched bottom, but this 1* uncer- tain; and a» the point of contact was ijearly a quarter of a mile away, few troubled themselves about an incident whichrequiredbomuch travel to Investigate. Among tlu*e cognizant of the fact, it was generally agreed that the discolored water which marked the spot was only the stirring up of the great deep by her screwTHE HKim-8PRECHB8 BY CAPT. CARN'BUIK, OF TTH1 BOAKD Or DIKECTOBS, M03S3 .H. OKOO'CXL, AKD OTBSBS.At about three o'clock the company sat down to an ele- gant repast, to which, with freshened appetities they did full justice. It was a genuine,, hearty English meal, such aa one as an Individual who has had a sea breetv to his composition for six or eight hours is most likely toeVnra, and char ferward to her sharp nose, or iceberg the Needles being a quarter past ten on the morning ofsplitter, at(some choose to call it, » the toe boose, well the 17th, we make the run to have occupied just eleven gard to the anticipated wonder contrasted strongly with hearty English welcome, and I trust you willstocked with crystal water, fv*la, defunct pigs, ho. Inthe ae-w* apartment from the bows, we went down four ' At a meeting of the passengers, held ta the great saor trt decks, where we found several large store roome; loon on Wednesday evening, the following address to Cap- almost ealirery eaaptw. It • to these unfinished portions tain Hall was unanimously agreed to:—the ephemeral curiosity which has marked the advent and movements of the Japanese.The great excitement only found its culmination yester- day morning, when, at an early hour, it was definitely announced that the was below at anchor, waiting Car the flood tide at two o'clock to enable her to cross the bar.find that we have sent over the noblest work in England as an off*ring to you of our best efforts. (Applause.)To this cordial address Mr. Moans H. Gncvnu. re- sponded as follows:—I have no doubt, gentlemen, that to aekwewieSgom—t to you or the appreciation with which we regard your efforts, I express the sentiment ofall who« uing hall, there le a concert going on to the largepleasant voyage, separate without expressing oar opinion o'clock, accompanied by a few hastily invited guests,tain themselves, they gave rent to their feettagt by t simultaneous about of welcome, which was continued for some time. As the line* were thrown to the dock, to order to make her fast, there was a general rush to catch them,eoutning wag made, to avoid all danger from the toe, that on Sunday at noon we found ourselves in latitude 41 deg.the whole of our run from Southampton to Mew York time lying broadside to, exposing to the best advantage they have worked with the utmost ease and steadiness,never requiring even a moment's stoppage for attention her form, about hah" way between Sandy Hook aad thedays, two hours aad five minutes.•f the mounter vessel •and there are a great aaaabm ofapartovnU yet untouched by the head of the joiner—thatone can see the enormous strength of her walls and decks.This evening, while we are now writing to the west magnificent vessel, cannot now, at the conclusion of our arrangements to board her, and accordingly at elevenfrom all quarters.Aa the Great Eastern came op to the dock the excite-GRSAT RASTBRX. June It, 1*60. To CAWT. Jon* Vnm R i u »secure eligible positions to view the GreatEastern. Indeedthe harbor from the Narrows to Fiftieth street, Northrirer, was covered with aB sizes and shape* of sailing aadsteam craft. The Harriet Lane followed* in the wake of of the gigantic vessel became so great that, unable to coa-rPEAR Sm—mtfWm mderatewed passengers, who hare the honor of being the first to cross the Attnotto in yourMessrs. Grinneii, tfiaturn A Co., Immediately madeWe are delighted ana re-hall bek>« ue—perbape a benefit for tome of the of the great merits of that triumph ef engineering skill consisting mainly of representatives of the press and a and naval architecture.tttwtrds for aught we knew—the music it very good at Our voyage, though fine, has vet (as is generally the few of the merchants of the city, proceeded down the any rate, and there it dancing. A few trysails were set for case in Atlantic passages) been sutnctenii? chequered with bay.rough weather to demonstrate that, in point of seaworthi-a »bile today, but to little ate,aad they were all furled ness, the Great Eastern has ae equal in the world. We are For such tn excursion a more delightful day oa* hard-again before night, when a very sharp, fierce gale, min- aware that the incredulity and prejudice which oppose all ly be imagined. A glorious breeze from the southwest gled a ith rain, poured down upon at from the northwest, Rreamndertakings when first attempted have bee* mani- prevailed, making (he exchange from the sultry heat offested loan almost unusual extent agaiost this noble vessel.and,fromitstemperature,weshouldjudgeitcamedi- Onnopointhasthisfeelingbeenmorestronglyshownthan thecityto*thecoolaifandsmoothteaefthebaydelight-rectly from among the icebergs. It waa so fierce as to with regard to her manageability attaee. Her conduct ful. and the quiet conversation of the practical gentlemen tend unguarded sailors rolling across the deck, and all during the brief storm of the 18th and 10th instant should on board, together with the Interesting scene ta prospect, put all such fears (if any still exist after this,voyage) atthe Great Eastern until the latter stopped her engine* offHoboken, when she fired another salute. CaptainFaace then iprdered two of the cutter's boats tobe lowered to take Collector Scheii and his friendson board the Great Eastern. This occupied but a all seeming to consider it an honor to be permitted to at few minutes tn Its accomplishment. The Captain's even so slight a task as this, ia order to have It to say that gig had on board Collector Sebell, Senator Lathan, they hadassisted to mooring that great wonder of tat1 UJ.U., only about eight miles north of the parallel of or adjustment of anything. We fully appreciate the light shir, being on an obtuse angle to theKr* York, and right to the middle of the Gulf Stream. By taking this courae we probably have lost nearly a day. Including the drawback we moat experiencesouthward between the two, about fourteen miles fromthe Marrows. A number of small boats—for every-thing must now be considered small—yachts and steam-ers were plying around her , but looked in the distancetike ao many diminutive ants creeping busily around thecarcass of a sleeping beetle. She was settled a tattle bythe stern, but at the aame time exposed throughout her act as* tenders to ships unloading, who had come out ofIn taking Ware of you we most heartily wish everv before getting entirely clear of the stream; mak. success to yourself aad the noble vessel which you haveG. Fox,S. A. Stevens,F. E. Hulse,and many others.tag oar voyage one day longer than it wouldhave been had we gone the southern passage across theBeaks, thus avoiding the Golf Stream. Still, much as wewould have enjoyed the sight of an enormous ice-berg, it would have been a hard nut for the big ship tothe distinguished honor to command, a*4 m u m , fcc: Then follow the signatures of all the passengers.The answer of Captain Hall to .the address of the pas-sengers was ae follows :—GXKAX EASTKKS, OFF SA>L>* HOOK, > June 28, 1860. j•In addition to these were yachts, coasting schooners, sloops, sail boats, and even clumsy old barges whichcrack in a dark, foggy night, and sailing to the Great East- To THS CHAWHAS OF MKSTTSO OF PASWFWJSRS:—whole length some three feet or more ef her cream color- their various places of anchorage to engage in the noble view of the harbor almost out to the Narrows, wased bottom. She was at this time drawing twenty-seven escort. chosen by the great bulk of the public, a* the mostfeet of water, being lighter by about three thousand tons rawing Fort Lafayette, a salute was fired, which was suitable station from whence to behold the noblethan when she left Southampton. Steam was emerging promptly responded to frem the four guns of the Great vessel steaming into view. About four o'clock,ern is w> fine that all the passengers agreed that theyDOA» Sm—I am very highly gratified with the compre- hensive and expressive address which you have just pre-peoplemany were the coUteufflL that took place, and hwty apologies given and rece \ u ; hut they were mere matter of form; all were too busy thinking of the Great tastersanxious vigilance which has been exercised by yourself and your officers in all relating to the safety of the ship and the general comfort of the passengers.G. B. Frazer, J. Birkbeck, Lawrence, Hunter,waa observed to Am her ensign. The AehlUee the bar. Much has been said pro and con na the THE SCENEOHBOARDTHE8TEAMCT/TTE8 day a steady atimmediate!) reepouded by hetottog theootora to the peak, aad ehtrtly afterwards made for her ta a straight course, reaching her about hair-past twelve •'dock. A small sloop wee observed a few mlnutca be-•a* laches toag by lea broad aad three inches thick, made at just twenty minutes past seven on the morning the metropolis to the refined circles of our wealthiest citi- have to express sorrow that we cannot entertain you in aTHE CROWD AT THE LANDING. As the monster ship cam* up the river aadzens the one great theme was on every tongue. manner more suited to your deserts. I will not say we are going to feel as strangers on this side of the Atlantic, butcher's abop, large, clean aad airy, better ta every about fifteen minutes earlier. Adding four hours and fifty The offices .of Messrs. Grtanell, Minturn & Co., the con- for, to use the celebrated expression of one of theweighing eighty -tour poanda. Below thai we found the of Thursday, by the ship's time, Kew York time beingrespect that maay to be found ea mad. Still farther minutes for difference in time, the time of starting from signees, have been thronged with anxious inquirbjs, and most eminent of your naval officers. "Blood isproeching toe dock, or docks, at which she was to lie, the crowd which had gathered all along the rirer made a rush to this spot, aad in a eery few minutes you could see nothing but a perfect ocean of human beings, to nume- rous as to almost defy the rtcognition of any Individual. The lumber piles, heaps ot brick, and every availablethe Great Eastern than this.are ea the wheel bouse, eoei, calm and collected; (be en- guvats, consisting of the Deputy Ollecter, Surveyor « * * With todies aad ch:lores, tn gcils$ n u-samt ^gineer is at his static*, loehatg down to the huge vault Emanuel B. Hart, Senator Latham., of. Califor- t.on. and with the aame object to view. Soon a *where revolves the massive macbtoery. with a stead^newi nia: Charles OtJoaor, w. W. Corcoran, of lelt more like New York weather than any thing we had the vteael't bulwark*. Itsaiag to front the great steam that would not draw the attention ef even a blind man ; Waehinghto*; C. Orcewell, August Belmont, ratlipheat andthe dusttogetherbegan toten. buter'a aise waa only the mere clearly shown by the little speck of white which the*sloop's w»0» displayed against the blue sky toward the east.t^e-a-awTn^Ziiai »a wheel which connects with themithtoiry for steering, atthchllds. Br. KUtott. and Mr. I*ight Assistout of the Great Eastern are rltibte, shea each cat m*t,v f*expt ncacid in a toog time. What little breete there waacame directly from ta* meet, and the moat exposed parteof the veeaal, l*e the wheel house*, the gallery on herextreme bowa and the like, were the moat comfortablelocalities in the »b»- *** n i now skipping through the a number of craft of all kinds, many ef which, the steering apparatus astern, taming their cue from him,Districtaccording to river, whereappointment two boatthe nearest pfle of ember, and oh cek, . m9$ , _ , ; ^ took at the majestic vessel. Oa erery pm freta B . » mood street op to Ferty-fifthstreet, an e v m pu, c.r lam beryer.the iemeetota.i, Uarriggtagef aa**a.«.erery rawed aamt amaa from waters rtow nf the shnag amBstapareatly regardless orvmieace. and mhoUy tawerhed to taoktog. atrpwardt of fifty Oatmsaad people, mei> wAwea an* skill rea, were spread atoag Oh* Itataxc af ata rrrrt. aamttggazing st this tang leaked for ana math vtita* of manner vassal. A» numerous squad of pfltpanan great the Ninth ward stattoa house were station** eeahe g*P*» at the foot of Hammond«bd Bank street-:, hut they hag apparently but little trouble to maintain order to to*During this time the Great Eastern was surrounded bywatching with the utmost careevery motion of the pator,. while eight helmsmen at the four wheels connected wltfeatpeerAttorney, mat Ao. 1 NorthHarrietBut a few mtootee were requiredchips, barks, he., outward bound, turned from their1com eft lewwhole forming one beautiful, glistening aad ever chaagmg seeae, such as the eye seldom dwells upon.her, uader a full head of itoam.yopbeciec, which were great eraeeei etmmoaoe their revolution*. The stupen-twenty-four out of herbrought her apparently nearer the observer thaa she really wat. Her amitotic hull loomedfop l|aiast'the sky at a dtotaace of are attics almost as clearly at an ordinary steamer at a dia tone* ef one.bar i» at hand.:aad Mr. Murphy fro. hi. position Mtattynews in advance together with the several premature re-the feeling of real interest that hat been manifested ta re- thicker than water," and we hare com* to prove it. (Cheers.) I great you all with awould ft utingly spend a week cruising about to Iter at sented to me from the passengers. I value it the more as from three of her smoke stacks, and the British ensign EaBtorn, and from thia time onward, until her arrival in therefore, the Battery exhibited the spectacle of cuelou£ a.- the provisions lasted, for the whole trip has been it so slmply.yet Justly, points out the peculiar excellen- fluttered from her peak. One of our largest steam the North river it was one continual ovation to living mast of humanity, men, women and children,mere!j a pleasure excursion, not a tingle passenger suffer- ing from scssickness as we could ascertain daring the whole voyage, the only case of sickness on board being two or three firemen and enginemen, and that arose more from the confined bad air belowthan the motion of the vessel, w hich is rather pleasant than otherwise. The distance oa frumlay noon of the preceedtog twenty-four hours' runtugs was moored eionglde, but in the distance the distinguished stranger. Gannon boomed, steam of all sizes, ages, conditions and colors. Same hundred the two black bodies seemed so closely merged in one whistles shrieked until almost wheezy, flags were wsgoas and carts were sjao drawn up along the edge ofto throw sway time on empty v. ords.welcome given to the Great Eastern.and all expressed tht most sincere congratulation on the safe arrival of the ship, and for the tkne being the Japanese sank into the most Utter iusqjnificauce before the new wonder.*a half current in the Gulf Stream.Monday morning, the 25th, aad the ninth day out,the first to hare practical faith in the great ship—I re - main, dear sir. with much esteem, yours, faithfully,J0OS VINE HALIvthis moment was like that of a majestic yacht, and her One lines, as the tug steamed around her ta a circle of nearly a mile, were revealed to their best advantage.house* ta New York and all its suburbs, were thronged with people. The Battery was black with the multitude, and wharves, shipping, and every other foothold com- manding a view of the scene, presented the same anima- ted appearance.night:-" «Of course she will, sir; there's her bow tow la eight opposite Staten Island." Such were the questions aad answers which flew about in svery direction Bke lightning. The announcement that her bow was In sight was no sooner .uttered than a tremendous rash and lunge forward were made, causing a suc- cession of squeals, shrieks and roars, which in-cies of the Great Eastern, being at the same time freefrom undue panegyric and stating only facts,-and opinionsbased upon those facto. The expression of satisfaction atthe endeavor ef my officers and self to promote the com- that the latter was barely discernible. A broad wh te dipped to graceful welcome, people hurrahed, handker- the water, and on these vehicles people, even females, fort and safety of the ship is, aad will continue to be,highly appreciated by us. In return, we beg to thank you, on behalf of the passengers, for the unvarying cour- tesy we have received from them, and only regret that our acq"» stance should be so short. With the best wishes i": the happiness aad prosperity of every onestreak running around the ship relieved what Would otherwise be monotony of color, while two British bull dogs protruded their black noses through as many sort holes, ready to thunder away their responses to herchieft waved, swift footed yachte dashed along in the huge shadow under a cloud of canvass, as if bowing In ac- knowledgement of the superior being towering above them, and demonstrations of a kindly nature earn* fromwere paaked as closely together as passengers in a Broad way omnibus during a rain shower. The talk was, of course, all about the Great Eastern, and the curiosity and excitement wore unlimited. "Ha* she arrived yet?"wa* SM miles, the tost twelve heart against a mile and- among iv- ..resent passengers—the select fe\u who were hearty American welcome. Her general appearance at every quarter. As tar as the eye count see, the tops of "Is that her out yondert" "Wonder U she'll come up to-It would be folly to make an eetimate of the number of people at the landing plane. They came aad went by thousands, sad so regular were they that at a* time could you perceive any diminution of their cumber.PREPARATIONS FOR LANDING THI PA8SBT GERS.dawned most beautifully, aad the day proved probably assplendid as ever shone upon the Atlantic Ocean. It waswarm, bat not oppressive; clear a* clear could be, aad RECEPTIONOfTHE GREATEASTERNATNEWYORK- could appreciate the magnitude of the Leriathan.the tea was a dead calm, as smooth as the waters of New Here, looking up in the wheel, almost as targe as the dome Yorkharbor. Theengineswerefouadtobeworkingat BOARDINGOPTHESHIP PROMTHESTEAM- orthecapitolatWashington,thebeholderistostInas-As we Beared the city the interest. if possible, in-ertased. Hundreds of little craft shot out into the eluded all the articulate sounds of which the by two of our CustomeHonse officers, for the purpose of stream aad foil in the wake of the Great Eastern. Look- human voice is capable. Everybody stood on tiptoe, examtatag the baggage of the imawagers. to see that theya speed ofmii+y above 1* tor the paddles, aad the screw at 80S', with an avrrage pressure cf steam at the cylin- throughout the ship of about 90 pounds to the squareTUG ACHBLLES.The only New York boat which bad MM honor oftonishment at the maze of iron ribs, plates, buckets, wheels and machinery by which the ponderous body is kept ta motion. Faces are seen tiling toe edge of the bulwarks, and the wheel house is covered with the pas- sengers and officers, but so for up tn the air that theyboarding the Great Eastern, with the exception of the At twerre o'clock aaobeerratton found her 326 miles yacht of the press, was the steamtug Achilles. As sheing down from her forctop—an elevation almost equal to striving to overtook his or her shoulders, and of course were not trifctag with the revenue laws of the Called that of the tallest, ordinary matt—It seemed almost a an infinite number of people suffered from trampled toes, States The trunks aad packages were brought upoa fairy spectacle. Betow was the beautiful outline of the elbowed sides, and knocks to that portion of the body deck, and after being thoroughly searched by the Custom largest steamer tn the world, gilding so majestically andnearer New York than an the tame time of the previous l a y ; tat a good portion of that time she was contending: a ana mile current la the Tmotmi we were ta water the temperature of which was overa t dege. A good many flying flab aad several sharkaeea during this time, aad sevea sailing ships wereIn the aftsrneen of Monday, some bound east aad eenae west, either of which we seemed to pate at about an aqoal pace. These tad messed to have a fair sailingst. but with as H was a mirtrget to Maaavedef ratfirwo'elockta theAs the boat passed through the Nar?There at trst appeared to be great dtfnculty of landing, ae the ship was not clow to the dock, and she stood so h^h out of the water that smeH boots could be efeouse besides there had to be a large quantity of baggage brought ashore, and to* small boats ooolu not take this. But the iroubto was soon got orer, the steamtug Yankee beiag broughtof hisvery aimcaagmis with aB, and the fejoatboxes, trunks, valtota, he , and, among other things, se-rersl wicker coops, cootatning fancy bit**, cooks andhews. The rwtaeugew themselves afibrded a eovel sfht,and there wan aa laaastlttms attached to thew from the fEXCITEMENT ALONG THE NORTHRIVER. fact of they having crooned the Atlantic in the moonerpassed en her way from the deck down the neper bay, at an early hour tn the morning, the masts of the mon- strous tteamer were first discerned raking the sky ta a direction across Coney Island (above which they loomed like pniars on the vast desert of waters), and extending to Quarantine almost ta a straight line. Prom Mm bluff at Fort Tompkins the view of Mm great steamer was splendid, the elevation at that point tending to raise and relieve her long black hull against the horixon of watersextending beyond.was skipping rows a fieettd vessels of every description, from a steamerBouse efneers, ami all found to be right, the baggage wasquietly through the water that her ototton was hardly est, the shins. The cry of the " Great Eastern in sight ' put aside to enable it to be ready for disembarkation as ?War thirty- six"« dMto-dayThe baggage of ta* | i s f g t r t , as it toy upon the deck of the Yankee, presented a rartod and stinoge appearance,men ..bet ah* hat a few ugly ex.avoided A^TT^1 W f°rll*tfft tvm*^ytwallztd. discussed,atifshewastheveriestpettothe*orld.13069 As the Achilles crossed th* •,.*!,km.^K^i *#• .... v— Fulton New YorkIt was only on coming alongside, however, that oneseem almost like Lilliputians.Cheer after cheer resounds in the air , word* of greeting are exchanged between reunited friends, and general good feeling prevails. How could it be otherwise? The Great Eastern spoke for herself. There she toy, almost ta con- scious majesty, a brilliant success. •We are now moored alongside, however, and prepared to ascend, which we do by a long series of wooden stair- way*, terminating on tto) deck immediately aft of the Wheel house. As we are going up, a voice froatabovesaid to be the most sensit ive of the African economy, idperceptible, while behind, as far as the eye could r e a c h - proved to be no false alarm, for the magnificent vessel soon as the vessel should reach her dock.to the meet iatlgnraeant craft that ooum carry a tall,was observed behind, coursing ea like Flora Temples,vicing with each other tn their efforts to first reach aadgreet the Great Eastern. In met, so crowded was the us. " A hearty welcome, then, friends." returns a" Sebell, Baron Rothschild, August Belmont, First Assistantsays, ' A r e all these gentlemen guests t"about fifty on the tug.) '-Y es," says borne oa* behindrough, honest voice, and, strangers as we are, we find on reaching the "terra firms" ef the chip, a w a n t hand grasping our own in warmer welcome. "You've been a longCollector Ira Todd; Assistant Secretary of the Treasurv. Mr. Clayton; Mr. A. lame* aad others, with whom the customary civilities were exchanged.spectacle truly worth beholding—the steamjag of theone of the officers of the Great Etnera, wat pat to work, and in a very abort thne the entire baggage wan transfer- red from the Greet Battero to the Yankee, the pas* o gers were then taken on board, aad the YankeeNarrows at one time with this fleet that the entranee taOUT aoble harbor appeared oae wide spread sheet of can-vass glistening in the sua, which shone during the wholeMmewtth great warmth and brilliancy. Pasting FortHamilton her spars became more clearly visible over the asc long ship would bring us." "Yes," says she first, North river a* far at Forty fifth street, but the distance vastjameaae of waters, rising ta the distance like a "you couldn't be much longer If yea wanted to." Leav- wat hardly perceptible. Here, after tome difficulty, she wuedes islet to the winter, frost the trees of which the ing the punsters to their enjoyment, however, wo drop wat tamed end beaded down stream for her dock, where, cold breath of the feast had stripped all their leaves, toav- down upon the deck, the hage Broadway of the thip, or contrary to general expectation, the was at oaee moored. tag tt a stretch ofhhwj, against the hertaon. Sucbwasthe rather a sort of aquatic park, where a man may ramble The manner in which this was? done reflects the highest appearance of the Great Eastern as seen at this time. until bis legs are tired aad yet act half gratify an ordi credit upon Mr. Murphy, the pilot, and the reader can *toatog iaside of Sandy Hook, her beautifu! t«per!tg masts nary curiosity. Away ta the distance forward) are the appreciate the daring of the undertaking oa being inform-Evenlytime coming.-says one."Well, we've come along as fastBefore landing the Great Eastern proceeded up thebag* vessel from Staten Island towards Use cityand almost imperceptibly, still with great rapidity, thevessel approached toward* the Battery, without a tinglerook or bead, aad when the neared the shore within a round the ship to the foot of Hammond state*, a th-V*ef course awarded him, which he, hew- " » j « u * e d above the bleak, snady shore iuderd, it men at work; amidships, (apt. Vine Hall, a thoureagh spe- ed that the immense ship was carried alongside by id ran forward agate la the coarse of the ~ Z l ? l £ * W i w P " ^ » ^ " frem the time she cimen ef the English sailor, is urbanely receiving the gen- htm to the no small astonishment of every individual on bat he wat eoaa secured, made fast with moored a***, bar unti her arrival to the city. While tlemen who have Just arrived, while aft a small crowd of board, including the officers, with as much ease appa- ahackke, aad placed ta the storerooms aft, three the beat remained b,., -,v tk** l n e h u l ! rf ^ mingled strangers and friends are straggling along to rently as he would handle his own pilot boat, governed, where he will probably enjoy his solitude wonderment at the novel scene around them. Questions alone by her own Impe tus and without the aid of a singleand all the streets parallel to that great thoroughfareat toast untd we arrive at Kew York. turned her mon.treat prep,*,iuM w w b a very well aeb-cted crew, to theu l ^^friendly hawser from a steam tug. Here she was made to touch the dock in a gentle way, clipping off only a splinter, comparatively, as she came alongside; hawsers were got out. 4he passengers' luggage was inspected an Iv«m^wa,lmL-lbfe.nom,,| W »y,whea the potatoes are asked and answered with the greatest good humor;During the1 whole of yesterday uft-rnoon the greatest excitement prevailed along the North river. Crowds of men and buy a collected at every available point from which a glimpse of the big ship could be got as she steamed slowly up the river. The mail steamers at pre-ship. Many were the questions put to them as they land- ed, acta what ktad of a voyage they had? Did the englace work well f ft*., and one gentleman tookK*** earrhVM and harried away from the scene as fast as pom. bta.interesting feature* are pointed out; incidents of the trip are rehearsed, and the qualities of the great ship areThe enthusiasm Is Intense.Untitled Document(Thar* wereShortly afterwards Captain France of the revenue cutter Harriet Lane, came oa board, accompanied by CollectorWen officer or two air on the narrow bridge amid.hist, at Clayton, Assistant railed State- Treasurer; Bat on ^ ' " M " . «"Ttag ttame^*brirarmT SmtlmmtsmSpeedAelmpteefevatfoaor depression of tb^hatd ladigive his undivided attention.the repast which were partaken of with that moderation which always marks a party of genuemen; and at an op. portune moment the cloth was removed aad they were made one of the medium for oxohanglag the kind feelings which pre vailed.Capt. CaajotHS, ef the Byat Nary, and Chairman of the Board of Directors, who occupied the head of one of the tebfes, which were cat in the second dining saloon, an elegant apartment already fully described, addressed the company as follows:—GstnuBsa*—On the part of the Great Eastern Steamship Company I have the greatest possible pleasure in giving jou the warmest welcome on board thisahip, though Isight appeared to more along slowly; but this idea wassurround me on this occasion.joiced as American citizens to find ourselves at thishour of the day seated oa board the Great Eastern, and that this noble ship is now floating upon the waters of the United States. In one hour and a half from this time we that! be within the limits of the city of New York, and under her jurisdiction. We welcome you here, and trust the kind relations that have been so agreeably established between us may ever be maintained. I give you, gentlemen, "The Press of New York."This sentiment was duly responded to.The company then retired to the deck to watch thepassengerslookedfromtheirwindowswithasmuchun-rest forever. *«madeatripofnearlytwenty-livemilespastrapidlyandntOGMBBOFTHEQBIATKASTKBXIPTHEBAT.boat,ingettingonboardtheGreatEastern,butthescthedockandcarryIngeverythingbeforeher,or,atoae letconcern aad security at though they had been in Rheto- HIT movements, even when the gale waa strongest, pleasantly away. And this, it fat agreed by all who witnessed it, wastela or St. Goer upon the Rhine, the great ship seeming to were slow and easy, and at all times eo much leas than THI APrXASAKCI OF THE GHAT lASTaW. one of the most beautiful scenes of which New York bay those of the best seagoing steamers as to be quite re-y leld or mave as little for tto blowing at would those eld moved from any standard of comparison. Those who Of course the principal topic of discussion was the has for years, if ever, been the locality. On the water,feudal etroqgholde. In tact, those engaged la know by experience what an Atlantic passage really is Great Eastern, and after leaving the Narrows every eye stretching far away in all directions, boats 6f every im-the musical entertainment to the grand saloon will appreciate the high praise bestowed when wc express was on the qui vive to discover a trace of the ship. Opera aginable size and description were to be seen. Long be- our belief that the Great Eastern, in accommodation,knew nothing at all of the storm that safety and freedom from disturbing motion, is as; much glasses were brought Into requisition, aad soon In the fore reachingthe Narrows the acquatic cavalcade com- blowing out of doors. We were now superior to ordinary vessels as she surpasses them in distance, so far away that her six masts teemed only like menced, and of steamboats, especially, there flittedthe Banks. It was well known that there were magnitude and power. so many delicate needles pointing upward, she became around a perfect fleet, many of them being The supposed necessity of working her engines at alarge fields of ice upon the Banks, and when on Saturday low rate of speed for some days hat prevented her effect discernible. Little by little, as the tug ploughed along, loaded to the water's edge, looking from the decks ofevening the Captain found the temperature of the water tog that rapid passage which we are convinced she can did the huge form begin to develope itself. First the the Great Eastern like so many white ducks. Some ofcond boat from the cutter was rather unfortunate, aad of the passengers said, "cutting New York to two." At had a narrow escape from getting dashed to piece* under Fhe came on, bows first, the people on shore fled in terror,the ponderous wheel of the floating monster. A simtUr expecting every moment to see the dock crushed to, and grand scene in the North river like that exhibited yester- very few turned to see what damage would be done until day, and which is described elsewhere, as the work of they had secured themselves a place of safety. Bat theyturning the Great Eastern was to progress, never waa were to be agreeably disappointed, for a turn atl-*ea Bm Wbi at \ Stea con will afte van rial t)D rail ateaCOO!the com this tioc Gibi lev* tick kacS ki-i low uin' tuyi r. -p-oreap> uB] Iu u ai Wlto,wr, mi thema Urn acH «pe«tea wereintor-^y. avaa the r. withSgre«ton "toe- tfrom tora< tuch an op tbeiilike could for a theo] vicemeatuavjfj thytv ,easily accomplish. Yet, from what we hare seen, we ex-press our firm belief that the Great Eastern, to propertrim, is capable of making greater speed than hat yetthat the torn of a day to the trip would be much more been attained at sea. Such a result will be due not more- the ordinary craft around her waa visible, except their to her unequalled form thaa to the efficiency and powertheir names are as follows :— Lung Island,Ounily Sfotni, Jacob Bell, Delaware, Keypwt, Satelite, JohnFason, O. M. Petitt, Resolute,May Queen,witnessed in New York, and we doubt much whether it will be again.The Harriet Lane remained In the vicinity of the Great Eastern until the latter was moored to her dock, when she steamed down to her anchorage off the Battery, reaching;there at 7 o'clock P. M.THE SCENE OK THE BATTERY.The announcement made ta the afternoon papers that thegreat monster ship would cross the bar about threeo'clock to the afternoon, created the most lively excite-ment all over the city, and thousands of people rushed toconvenient places along the North river to get a glimpseof the vessel on the way to her moorings. The shippingwas literally alive with human betas-*, «au every build-ing In West street as far up as Canal, presented an un-usually animated appearance for that quarter of the city.But the Battery, from its position, affording a grandher ponderous wheels, and she stopped with the ease of a ferry boat, and barely touched the dock, making a slight indendation, and knock- ing over a few piles of lumber that stood on the dock.When the crowd saw the successful working of the en- gine, and the splendid manner that an accident that might liave proved very serious was prevented, they gave three hearty and lusty cheers, and again rebutted to to* aide of the dock to gaze upon her gigantic proportions, aad to gratify their curiosity by an outride view of the vessel.The streets running down to the dock were completely jammed with people and vehicles of every kind. There were a number of open carriages containing ladies stand- ing on the dock, and Indeed the curiosity that is attribut- ed to the fair sex seems to have been fully proven by the great numbers who went down to see the "big snv "The crowd to the vicinity ef the dock was so large aad was getting additions so fast that the ride streets were almost impassable, aad the throng appeared from the deck of the Great Eastern like a hill of industrious" asfs running to and fro. Everybody's face was turned up to enable them to see the decks of the ship and theto suddenly fall fifteen or twenty degrees, be very wisely turned the course of hit ship to the southward, believingspars, then a dim black line.on the horizon, which gradu- ally assumed the shape of a ship, long before anything ofH. I. Seymour, W. C. Faalker, Yankee,bland Belle, Alice Price, Fulton, Tamtoend, Saturn, Relief,of her engines. That the totter will alwaya be found sails, until finally loomed up tn a mazy outline the beauti- with her note knocked off, a to Tom Seyers. So much equal to their duty is witnessed by the factJhat during ful proportions of the gigantic steamer. She was at thisacceptable to all concerned than to go into New Yorkcommencing with a few fast steamers at the stern—spread out the escort in the shape of an immense fan, every fold of which was quivering with beautiful life.When nearly off the Battery the chimes of Trinity Church were heard across the water, playing -Rule Bri- tannia.*' Salutes were fired free* all the steamers ta port, not excepting, of course, the Cunadere at Jersey City, which en the present occasion did extra honors.. As soon as she had been partly secured to her deck, tht passengers and guests were put oa shore. This, of coarse, Liner 1 com* coufueioa en board, as maay prepa- rations had to be made before the rwatenuert eouto land.is aeew-dragiyJ g J ^ E SChoice wines accompaniedslacked,CIH»W«, at every oM'ft%a-*c* mueh tote rattedto taeej.tier, andf»w mtauto* crdaOed to cling the small eulter and gg,ratestothehelmsmenthecoursethey arett*phrtue,and .bob*theanther,Ac,andin*.tew minutes,ataqutiterOnneartogandtaoenag atongside her great stoewtmtruly resitted. Ibe ofenmer afllxed* herself to* ea* ef£ •em* | the ship under this skilful guidance- obeying her helm *' befpre three o'clock 1'. M., the Harriet Lane a-at Meaavbelengtog to flof four(ortea out o» •« ^«^»t*» -..». brivtieaIjeutenanttConatoble,B m c t t a n dDungaa. Ajsctvthey had %VtajJ| thtajt of, aaaoytoy %teu%ae*>*>i horn.,. ,*»<• "*- "*--^- "•' **i** ". ' - « *fie r3TaWT«f KJUAHGE.I tag Basra the barber against a- strong Bred tide. The: wind blew comfortably fresh frem the sontheassV, and the Wing, half past three o'el-iob. was a*company appeared te enjoy the trip; immdanriy. From having been a Corf of stare**** to witness the arrival at : the teek ef the cutter, after eh* left.' her the great shipt Many buslaas*men, with gUMssm h a y ,Even atthat earlyascended to the roofs of tht r tail Mores. while other* re.streamers and bunting from all kind;, of craft, made up a(-ublime scene. A * the Lane passed the „Siagara «he sa-luted her with thirteen guns, but the compliment was notreturned. When the Lane h«d arrived opposite Statee Battery were dotted in ever^d|rattt>>u with h<mute be Idand an impromptu collation, such as only seamen know ings. while a great mass of r —rile filled the grounds st how to furnish, was served up on the quarter deck by order the Battery. A fine view Mseaieohad from the top of(•a the midshto upper deck. Spy glasses- and lorgnettes ground, tta she sped, amidst t t e tiny craft on every aide,and aeon passed the Battery and ascended the North rirer to the dsncttoa eg her dock.quite evident, although not moving at the height of. herfull speed, that she was going very fast. After the cutter aaail steamship is at present lytag, crowds ef the eiw ofbrought down for thi- occasion were soon brought to bearENTHUSIASM IN JERSEY CITY.The enthusiasm to thia city was-of a moat sr irit-et '.-T-eg eoon dispelled as the Lane approached her, and it was aad aadtnatteg ch*racter. ftertoamly to the arrtoslof the Great Eastern opposite the Cuaerd dock, where theloud, long aad appreciating. The monster ae she came taHon. PhilipClayton,andothers; the second boat,with Surreyor Hart and fire or six other gentlemen, soonfollowed. The Collector succeeded, with the party in bis fast, and there was every indication of her running u ualmost immediately exhibited her splendid proportions tothe gratified gas* of ail assembled on the Battery to be-held her, and aa involuntary buzz of admiration, whichterminated In a hearty cheer, quickly followed. Thebay was dotted with small and Urge eraft, gailydecked with nags, which considerably heightened theinterest of the scene, aad every now aad then washeard the rear of the big gnus, thundering forththeir deep notes of welcome to the great ship, thegrandest achievement of human genius to navalarchitecture the world has ever wiUatsed. It was a alongside, and a force of men. under the sopervleioa offew hundred yard*, a general bant of ipptaase brokeforth, aad expretstoas ef admiration of her magnificentproportions were uttered without measure. A* toon asshe reached Castle Garden, the crowd made for WestStreet, aad for fully three quarters ef aa hoar afterwards piled op toconfustor^andcompoeed of to many different streams of people continued to pour tbjougbtgBroadWaypaired-1* the Batteryof the Merchants' Exchangeaetata took in the whole aeentA ftat v k a was had froarObt topfriend, at well as the sweep, of the North river with Jersey City and Hoboken. The tops <A the house* to-between the Merananta' Exchange and thement of the people beoaaee Intense, sod their adsalratioaworld.Just as she was getting to the dock abe went a tittle teaonboari,and,asamatterofcourse,AttheGreatEasterngotnearthecityabewasboardeddeposited a portion of her Bwtght sad ptrntaf . ta* thea left to put others ashore at diflereat places.There was a hearty** * omas309 South 4th StreetThM. Twww.fultonhistory.comr Y r o r v v F V TTM'RING T H EEVENING.ryniski 