 'possible, and I Intentionally disguised my books."No one does honest business in that way. of that retribution which would speedily haveplaceconduct has brought the Bank to its present condition.—Found at Last! A Northern disunionist dows of the Whiteaccompanied bythecustomary.Mr. CoENEiius Wendell testified on thismatter before the Covode Committee. He hadbeen for a recipient of profits from the yearspublic printing to the amount of $50,000 toprearrangementpreservation Royal partydecency,w aved his hat gafafialiyr,mightily.merrily,;•aiVJWifc jBodMiiation, indicating that hesome believe that as such an elec- tion was had in 1824, resulting in the election of John Qcikct Adams, no evil result is to betthia State are expected to vote.topuzzled find, Honao.~-rrjj^s^b XdionR',IstoliiemberofAssembly,tofonrmooths ingthefactsandin tte renitentiary, for an assault upon a child.referMm. I» liMM fttenda, who thonght that the Becordei would General for his opinion upon the lawfulness ofhisbrothers weeoonlry. Th* Pitese wUckvmSqoltsiarty,.^ifSjfii'of interest. An through the city to Oie Og/HL 8adk T-Vie^ eC ing ladies, such ssoamhlsaes oThiaeol ysJiiiMHKk MSk the nostrils of al| honest men. If one man It is to prevent the accomplishment of this hour or two was in this manner occnpied, when they convocations of great snd ^udl as isan ihiiiB atB««^tJSiBS6S«!3teM~Tmvimn.atCbambeiaofthe BnpnoMOnai, do<h«work. The wboithe api4f»law waa drawn by a prac- oftenpaat of the Beach aa^ras to a dpfed aajRilaBt iof «hanieter. To ^f» MjriiWATM. Mr. Camp was. however, iqe6ted as tical bookbinder named Pncruoaa, a Demo- reHectioB. But while tUa lUim^ dioald in- paMataBt»hil(angM«hW« awat asawaaSLiTt^ OD a><igro«»d that bafag ^i^etor ciat withal, for the expreaa parpoae of ena- dnoe cantion in making public ohaiies aghast ttiatib. IjtwHMB MMM t* feneltudeF-before Jnstice BoHHrr the noted Japanese ease to get the work. The work was given by the shoold not aenre as a shield against the ex- " with the avowed (Ajject of creating aser- was argued on a aemnrter to Oe eompbUnt De- Cabinet to Mr. Wmoj., who was not a prac- posure of palpable delinqnency. We am nn- Tile war," Ac. We ahail not do so mneh dis-cision was teserred. The OaudliDs suit was again tical bookbinder, bnt let ont the work to one wiUing therefore that this credit to hia befora Justice Ihokabam, at Bpedal Term, for the taidy discharge, by'J^T,11,fcr Tm DO"*** wascanchided,Iiowever, the Coart adjoomed un- by others. Mr. PrrruoirE, feeling aggrieved should now be used as politicalcertMerthei-trtlMintelligencepaipose of settling tlie findings of law and fasA who was, receiving for hia pay some t50,000 the Recorder, of a duty just before election, moment that he- belieres^biB own assmtion.l.siCIUMinnz..TBI—Naw-Tou }Ab It Is—Bob Kit- Luu>—lUarUBnUB-^&nuoAK iMiiivu Fab.-MmoMK* rwMM siuznin^ortant changes trade.beys, wfihrival news agencies for the supply of trie- night. Those wtio tuiTe seen her la that character wrong side before, whose nbffaefs prbbaliiy Af *ot .MBWS OF THB r>AY.Ciqr o^ Bttlimort, which allbe electedThe Fusionists will have accomplishedand, since theconsolidation of their lines, they have been should prepare accordinglr.we have European t"*"It- **"» *•?"' I*'*'- ''*® ^"' een&ned thai advance into the toA had captoied the fortieis of llfc'barabaidment of AiMiona by seaand do all in their power to tlirow the electioninto the House. We are sure that all whohonestly hold this belief, are also men to whomthe of Government corruptionslendingenergyliliq^BHti'rMaiday,not play, tlie "Marble Heart,"BoyaltBi^amm,Owing to the eztremrty UnMd fsilad of the Prlooe's visit, it was found ImpncCMHetb cany 9^the original programnM. and so thsaollMittias of the*«-«SS'§PS*?lof thsoHe iMAkU aSiuMaiiiiiifffcqtr SrSie bank, he was disqaaUSed to act as bUng practical bookbinden to have a ehanoe those so exposed to it Mr. Lurwui seeks aa eleeUos ^eh officer. At Sfeeial Tsm of tta Oomt groimdless attacks, stood tliatJ^S'QMJ'OBnA a fine. ,linesyears. This step has beenfaken by the mem-UM1»i—ofS> toat**"*^t^vnnmeai^ wMeh, utoiv eOier^iiiiga. "are awaie how Bable touyoaleeBi- itaMta»«ki9*.«Ui|ttt»Tliere was continued excitement in Stocks yes- do terday, -and tlirough the eariy part of tlie dav apromisedbnt if Mr. Pkttiboiie tells what is true, heprice of his real estate, or else he must be ter-When he snieared at the bead of. lewUag to ike rsssnisal, /ttera wasiBMrlegidar emiar, ad will..Id Fortp- and Discoavts steady.Ba- luwever, easier prices. Wheat was in brisk de> msadandwasdearer. Comwasalsoinbetterre- r?jeLB^ tor HeT«p»- -^ueat at firmer rates. Provisions, Coffee, Cotton mmI WUaky attracted considerable attention, main-was guilty of ^e incredible meanness of send-courage. He goes a good deal further than mostpteasnre to sdl,lx>th cash and sellers' cations, "fhethe reckless of the Southern disunionistsUs had ever prtnoaty gaastomey-CleneralkBirar. Flourwasmorefreelyofferedandpurchasedat, not for his opinion." There is someIf the Union is only to to the prescribe, it is scarcely worth preservingHoney was lesspiessiDg aaongSince this obtained of all corporation controlftoat regular Sugars and Molasses buyers.At-was every part of the worid, The Executive Com-wssasato blatf^ IMa-' •< Winteb CUmDSN.—This evening Miss Cushkan m striped catkso; <iort wnmsn tn bsmB-oh theHoya, Basin. -Spirits Turpentine and Tallow. No never obtained, and that the President tookW aost avow their determination to break up the her last engagement, neariy four years ago. She will women In veils; and eaatloni wesiea'WHB play Bianco, in MtmAii's tragedy of "Failo," in las; tall, lank, thin boys, wtibie '^CNais^sNew-York Press Association, and to start wtilchsbe themtobeat schotri; Uttle tA appeared on Wednesday night and on lastlyweiesoderately dealt in, as were likawise Hay,.tomfey-General's opinionwiil take tier first benefit men in fiounees; brasea 'WoineB in the United States, sincef^OTJiat Hewnewspapers.this, according topapers to expend more money on the tele- graph. Insteadofhavingonedispatchusedpates candidates canan evil that they rather prefer, reversing theof apprehensions evil,ter go early.But whether ladies or gentlemen, theygave Um three cheers, a tlglr and s'Bttte ngitWtlaffk.bytives.:for almost immoderateandple.dential election since 1824, and the people, lined. 0»MaALDi had concentrated consequently, are in the main ignorant of die Iwight* af Yaltoraia, preparatory what win be the workings of an election bycitylaidrouter^theKiaar^itana. TheDictatorhad theHouse.But what were the exer- tions put forth by the Administration to carry that measure, compared with those that wpuld be put forth to compass the election of their1 jnJli.llMi naidinian tnx^IBome and beginPerhaps—or ofIr|W.}dliiie ;bers of the Conmiittee may prefer.aitVenice. The efficialoonmal atnews were then, lic, and then using it to their own advantage.the Bote ofaiMftPHi.1 diftfae Catholic Foyers. expected from the same process now. ButIIIHighness Hakes HlnselfPrince, and all of wUch have beea heaid befotethe undersigned : "Cafdbialfavorite candidatePresidency? They theybfis alsoreceivifht, whose arrival at St. Johns was an-ijmsKUd,to the are the same men now thatAgreeableto theThe mails1 steussmp North American and in corruption and dishonesty as well.dlsHnanMiwdi_,cutitalated.ter a late breakfast the Prince and panied by Secretar)^ Fun, rode oat.accom- Th^^jjsitedffehgii A Company, extendhig from titomeasure, how many "bushels of gold" wouldevery comer, <m either sid«ndk,hiaBlhe alnloaa. on the tops oflow houses, ooa tbe saaadtscfpOsA-iq>, Inmlier, onihe stepsof IwiiSar*, stores and waial^oases, we vnMire to wereneverbeforei«esentedtothe astoBiahedgaieaC Albut EswAas and Us noble firlends.prieuesoftheoccadoo. TTlii ii lliii liiilhw aoisil lasfi handkercUeCi tbe Prince took off Us ha*—whan Ihor " did so some more," the Prince bowed Hs head— when they smiled he smiled, and when he sudlod. they blushed.At first it seemed to be rather b<»eaaaM to fln Prince, but after he had driven several miles IM be-include Parisly lygieefol sailBS, grlnntaig goodweaas 'y'esterday. Theyare not left to our unassisted imaginations tointo effect en the Ist should succeed in /defeating Lincol.v. We ~\4l-'Kimai£bmz watt.' ICnch more extended arrange- have a basis upon which to build in the dis- I are beiiig made to intercept the Earopeap .closures of the Covode Investigation as to thef the 20th alt.—one— daytheselfish and unprincipled purpose, that the New- York Press has leased the Newfoundland lineslaterthe Araro and furmah us being witness,"dell, by;throagliSenatorialNo or ratlier no eoiBMaattOBaetwords, wMOilhrtofyonr>.iiii>.i«iiin<l«liil >SBpower -mamtl^and Cape Bace,N. F., andcould afford to spend $30,000be spent to secure the Presidency by men who— Sex a term of years by the New-tor sine hundred miles in extent I"" properly consideredbe landed at Cape Race, and forwarded for the New-York Press from thatofNo such result has followed a Presi-Their firstSince then there has arisen, Mr. Bi:cHAirANnews,or speculate upon it themselves, as the mem- desired to be sbovm theandevil," " of the employment of money to carry elections," and the lobby has gained an influ- "I'"lllnmili TSuBt at the If«w-YoilL and New- ence then never dreamed of. To form a just idea of what it would be to carry a Presiden- tial election through the House, these things V. &> to Chadpttetown, P. B. I,— must be taken into consideration. And weenlars of intelligence previ-spot Sciaixa's desk was also anwhere Adahs fell.Ur.also arrived at this Bo' advices have been anticipated.Olfgotesketch out for us the picture which willof the lines, have been retained. Washington next Winter, if fiision schemesservices of Hr. A. ITi^tepastaiidpieaent excellent GeneralCAmiliiiei Fieaa, andjthe^}r :^|i»Ww aiMDgemeot goesoff Cq>e Bace, with every prospect ofpaidthe necessity of confining themselves for a short time longer to their legitimate business, of forwarding messages, at a fixed price, and in regular order, for persons who choose to send them.fer the ThePresswilltakestepsatoncetorender nottospeakoforder.ThefltrlainlrB news firom a large proportion of the '"thegrowingdangerousliesintlMcanveyto3rottadeaertplloaoftae sUls SOOT bf the Boyal party during that lone, kiogiMa ttm tlte aoMTbe heU up before the eyes of the country incrowdin that order at the back of the east room. Into that room hurried pell-mell, in a disorderly and mobbish manner, ladies, gentlemen, officers, workmen, chil. dren, nurses, rowdies and drivers. No telegraphic statement can do Justice to the inexcusable lack ofConstitution whichnownnmberabouttwo wasengineeredthroughtheHousebytheAd-manner in which the Lecompton from Eoiope. Arrangements ministration.^__mptomwaabywhichthe commercialpub- Jit MBTiieve gieatly increased and more rebable ftejIBlea foor transacting European and other busi-ness over the Newfoundland line.The Cunaid steamship Karnak, from Havana onOe Mth, and Nassau, N. P., on the 29th ult., ar-of haveganto enter with zeal into tliefunoflt,asdlaaAadand the ainaie enjoyediWed at this port yesterday morning. Our advices $100,000 a year, and he was the prominent idential election in the House would send the—he entered his car and was soon car- whole afiair was a botch, and very tiresome to the ried far beyond the sight of the inhabitants of tlioAom the Bahamas are unimportant ; those from man engaged in working this scheme through a on the downhill roadfour days in their business correspondence and hurried ttiem along as quickly as possible. The parting place-•ff^^^if have -been anticipated. The American country long ways•Srederiet Laurence, en route from Congress. In this, as he testifies, he expended " \vhich leadeth to destruction." It may bewith Europe.The Receiveeship of the Artisans' Bane.—city of Pittsburgh. HOWARD. FROM PITTSBURGH TO BALTIMORE..3«aaica, to Kew-Tork, ran ashore on from $30,000 to $40,000. It would hardly be tliat the eleqtion of Lincoln may also lead tottellth,'bnt was got off with the assistance of expected that the most active partisan would its "we have no fears of wieckere; and the American ship Mary, from overthrow, thoughHew-Yorh to New-Orleans, also ran ashore on the expend such a sum"^^ that out of his own such result, believing that the bluster andNo Receiver hasAftisans' Bank, but the Court has decided thatany Great Bank. The latter vessel was got off by its pocket to carry througBNa measure which in noise about the matter which we hear is, asa fewtime the Prince, the Duke of Newcastle and Gen. Banco stood upon the rear platform of the magnificent car which had been placed at <h^ dis- posal. Theyweredelightedwlditheoonatrythroni^ which they were passing, astonidied at the prozimi^own ciew, who were offered $5,000 by the Captain if they did so without the assistance of wrecking-itself had so little chance of pecimiaryobjection,It could hardly bef^tnr advisee firtan the Pacific are received by expected either that even a grossly corruiit sheet^iron thurtder." But, if we had suchcompensation to any one.whis^ left San Francisco on Administration would be so careless as toprcrrioas day for Panama, liavtng on board the commit itself by writing, by anyayafle and poasengera for the A^inwall steamer, declarations or admissions, and so we are not .mml iff*rt T^""* in treasure for this port, besides surprised at finding Mr. Wendell declajringthat neither the President nor the members ofonlyhis ownment on his ownand even to property.'veaide..conduct,levyb°Atf"1^ndnUTThesteamer UndeSamleft on the orfears, it would still seem to us more manly, more patriotic, more worthy of our name and of our origin, to take that course which wouldX^Ooy^SiMeas,Without meaningilKMM^(lOvenHiient drafts. There isdestroythe nation in another phase of thatreport- There;^«^|Mp'T^jBSfWm'iiicienst frote California, Oregon orcontest between SlaveryandFreedom,out ofCMblBiWs. Advieeafrom Eastern Siberia (he Cabinet gave him. any express or positive which it rather than one which would gMjif sprung,^'W^Rdf-lMie tecoved. The wbcde of„ the Bos- directions relative to using money to carry lead it to perish, mired and suffocated, in thetution. It is universally believed that the around the building. The Prince and his suite lies at intervals between Pittstmrgh and Haineabor^.'MaMt^Atfiae^etianOoaat bod been orderedBank became involved in its difficulties were taken rapidly through the various offices,The Duke of Newcastle has a keen eye for the beau-that bill; but only that "the general idea" of Wales and snite yesterday mom- left on his mind by his frequent conversationsslough of dishonesty and corruption.in consequence of its connection with poli- and up into the Exhibition Room. There he ties and points of fine and tboroo^ibred cattle, and re-?'^JBjielQiilAe fi^ifea^fj^u/teittlfMBttq^aBd viewed the various objects of m-titeat then, after which tiie reception m the East myselfK^om of the Presidential mansion took place. A would be justified and sustained in anythinglistened toels. All the clerks of the various officesde"c'rowd vras in attendance, and numerous pre-were HMde to the Prince. The crowd, so pressing in their attentionsin which criminal justice is administered in money were used, directly or indirectly, toinvited to be present, and togetlier they himted the Prince wherever he went, as dogs would chase a rab-An interesting sight was presented to the view ss at dusk the Royal party enjoyed the iwhich had been prepared for them by flie Ifulness of Mr. CioaOAX, of the~gw '"this City that we cannot but rejoice at the oc- secure the transfer of the City funds from theIAma criminal whose escape that Mr. Camp was one of the most activebook,with thesec<mdjointef atMAsainiilillgMGen.t epnewtiari-MiPeeW'dan^enedby isin, the meet-Intentionallythat I am not able to explain them. • * • I still atIt as much as I could, not only with regardactive andhim Receiver have notwho has no interests Theby parties, whoever they may be, whose mis- ond State dinner. The names are of no consequence roke him byezpraasooBBUdartM BWMk,,the Secretary of Weu- to the with them was, as he says, Capi-waa forced to beat a precipitate dla^)pointing a great number of thebutre-private office, hand,were only mollified by his subse- WMOt aweiiBuee at a window, when he wasand efficient agents in effecting that transfer. One great object of the Receiver, whoever he may be, if he acts in the interest of thepiececad bnttes la iiis tajBg^iAenmiiuiltteTtateotO^e,whenhewastheobjectofmany wiseitcall."]redfeioasly.intniaiTeattentionsonthe ofthe partamanwhohasbeenamemberof stockholders,mustbetosiftandexposethor-employes and others, who dogged him wherever hci went.J. MtJM>AT,Committee were not able to discover with the Legislature, and has occnpied, at variousAi night His Highness a ofspent period enjoymentvi~ew*i thefireworksinthe ofthe certainty. ng grounds much'Kansion, in company with a number ofthe Boyal party will pay a visit to failed him as to most of it.memory otheroflicesinthegiftofthisCity, times,was before Recorder Babnahd on a broughtof mostorbenoattempttocoverupanyofthefacts, tlesaidthatfromallaccountstheNew-Tork anyordinaryAmericanwho liaverhaiwiiidtosOcBBiiittee to report a fall and de- tef the expenses incurred for thewere Invited to witness theBaui^kai ptfMMMlC^^ Saaid of AUennen, and consequent-justice demanded that MtrHCAr should be sentenced, drew from the candidate for judicial promotion a public pledge that judg-by tiUe, Beach because he developed himself for the first Ume as aspare It came OT toplace-^*^lyBO Iwiliieia done.favor of fusion, andshKkspeed,BaWinore.WMWMiS phiB poSt »ere raowds of I»°P'*''4f„^i fllssoorlAtdw'ttsiaa^iMetingtof the New-Tork Sani- ^9 ^**~frtHi. Dr. tajpz made report of thewho owns a good deal of property, and to whom he utters the solenm warningsirous ofTo-morrow is the day assigned for visiting Moimt-:' *"* City Ho^ital,gstbeitogs^^P^^„motttts, r—in favor of theI did and would be cared Jor. I was underment in terms of censure upon the manner general suspicion that very large sums of joined the hunilred particular friends who were close inspection.that I would be considered thenceforward during the term of— currence of a single instance of righteous Shoe and Leather Bank to the Artisans', andthe impressionproperlySo wouldnotwas thehisnamebi thevisitors'He was not to be repaid the money he spent, of course, but he was tojudgment againstfrom the penalty of retributive justice thePrince, and athe Administration."quested that it might be taken to thewhen he .cheerfully gave his autograph. He was much interested In the war sword of WASarxaTOJi, and in the various reUcs of the Father of our Coimtry which are there preserved.of brown laeod left; Uie Duke of Nevreastle, with aIn the afternoon he visited be "properly considered." "Convey, the publicWasliington pie;Booea, wtfliHow tbis>amount ofwas spent theAn ancient printing presswHhtte nwet msihodthis sum'"were entered upon my booksprisingthat the very could add towon snoum.wayand his im- at liberty to continuevigorousIt is the duty of the Court to appoint United States.Supper was soon partaken oi, and bnmoolalolr prevail in the capitol of the thereafter bed was soogU. ,^,_. I .-Ittk'iftuaunr, of Tennessee, who is en a mla- disguised i^oeiy.'tovramongstusinbehalfoftheUnion tekepartlas,aammiat, 'heeded by Bill and Evibxtt, deliv- Willi iniiiii 1i liilt evenine before the Young Hen's MeiualTlliOll Club, at their rooms in Broadway.Ike aMemtdage, tboogh sufficient to fill the One of the parties tc whom ^me of it was fallen upon a person of humbler rank who aariwa, was not inordinately large.Ib the Board of ConneUmen last evening, a reso- traced, was called to explain, and his testi- should have committed the same oflfence. At tofiered by Aldensaa Pinoenet, directing mony in regard to it was so manifestly untrue length, however, various direct addresses* * «matter that I tried to banish from my mind as soon asbuttheentirefacts.It wasaIn of the feaifoTdlqilay of mosteal tsloitthat the Houseanother to whom $5,000 was traced testified before the Committee, without being contra- dicted, that Wudkll offered him $20,000 to"Justice at Last.long explanationsuponterruption, until the stiades of evening prevcotedathat if I exerted passagemoneyMr. Wendell'sblepositfons,oughly all these transactions. There must was exammed very closely, and the Duke of Newcas- nunciation, would have aahranded the ialoBeet afBut itborne in mind that such things are of the chargeto shield anybody, high or low, from his properare somewhat of an exhibited.Improvementprinting migfaton the one be presented suddenly and unexpectedly to tbe groupto corrupt MetHugofQtBBeimbUcansof hardesttobetraced,anditisenough,tojusti- themoralsofsoii>elittle'girlsontheirwayto rap kdd jeatenlBy itftamoon and the conclusion that it was not used prop- school. To this charge the prisoner pleadedinthe matter. Mr.CampcouldRoyalparty.fy-ISe bitiM!^ of GermaDtown. and wasnotpossiblyhaveescapedthesuspicionof AfterashortconfabintheSecretary'sprivateoffice, UsnarrowbunkiandtherestproeeededtoeoapoSt being interested in concealing very many and several views from different points of the build- themselves all about the ear. VbBt dap(,eenoBS were pieeent, and erty or honestly, that Mr. Wendell testifies guilty,the Princedischarged upon !• jDom fhiee standi by Hon. that the payments of the various items com- the sentence of the Court.thingspreparedtodepart. As he dldso,allburgh, where an Immense concourse of people had'KUit Hen. T.' P. Sxuitoir, Hon. tKtiM, and others ef eqnml note.gathered to witness their arrivalefforts put forth to make formed concerning the most radical ideas of Democ- not excited, enthusiastic or domonstrmtivein thefef ftat BBbassy, waa diacossed and porters' gallery, which he frequented as an prints, about the time of his nomina- , ><ljetdde. There was not a qnomm attache of the New-York Express—and tion for the Supreme Bench, asserting thatto whtehexpelledappearingpublicgo throu^"aetsattCDdfaig tlie death by aoieide of Cathosuh get four votes to pass the bill or raise the ment should be passed at the earliest opportu-gentlemanpleasing.to give him three heartycheers,^^ ^uAthmw>Bi>os, dioiflng a eidpable disregard of the pro-wiiichever it' "was and that ;"So, too, at the smaller staLK.^^ ^^ h»rd,as speed. °rtegnlatfaig drnggbtprisonsa bushelof goldthe sale ofwho loU the arsenic.nity.thatthe Confederacy further than this,was^~^?;J5!l.^*^'«*TTMetJ»»t evening, bnt figures upon it, t>efore the Committee. And it guilty was merely a technical one, made by?:?!*'? gpnse-SnrgeoB of ttie*»^«w to the District-Attemer.of.JJf^ppMHig after 'I aggfaitfaga Committee topoeing, through mlsalonarlss of AboUtton and taicen- A publishing bouse hi this dty presented the Prince dtary pnbUcatlonB, (for the distribution of irtilch tliePost-oOoes are to be made subservient,! the property to-day with tiie only photograph ever taken of Ros-i^fc—preparepia discOT«S,«i rying the measure in question through the" *° "_"^"a'^e—tW|J»0»£ftewaa carried aby changebnpose.thecasewouldnotaffect thesentence ofthe death,noliumsweaiut,however,aidentlyattaohed.tothe Union, eouU ctjtct (a tkeir mnticipatiturSRBX's Borne of of Wa^tOtston. It is a superb workanysm«'^^^g,,j^,„^,rtiatawk-~i»r'r :-in BerUnin Course,FaU crats,cUrfrecentlAmerlca, to be presented toisfied theby imposition of the heaviest pen-*,elm to have"g— u^W ieii1Ijr^the Mmt, not oitif tg T^tumg ottdieitee to the Fe^erM om-autograph Thcpar^are^ Fashion,the Court cotildDemo- The Recorder said that tiie1»«WHonae,altyof the plaiilers to conilagratlcio and ruin, and theirof vrlves and to honors infinitely worn thaa art, and the Ptlaee in. anand H^SS;S«e«Seb:?w'2n''the "•* ifcee ipassedoffwithfatalan- anditis tobedefiniteslightest impu-is to bepressesas theAfter lunch and « little Sherry, the JiSv^ t«ok <9.against the hostUify with whichtheyare men-beeawere all Sorts sad ooadttlsns af maa, ill tliiftmadLSt turned the other way near the dose, and ing Mr. Pettiboke's communication to the At-aced by the American Telegraph Company.left off firm atadvancing prices.Tlte demand for the Stock Brokers,with the "Referred to the Attorney-General,,«asixesolvib. laile^ aUrtqeMif ladBVB against emvesdeat^oots; l;pointoccurred in other branches of steps to prevent so flagrant a viola- ^atevertion driaw on the part of the heads of Depart- ments, and that Mr. Wkkdul thus got backtl» BleetioB isto Coligress—to the accomplish byWhat must vrish to see her again—(liose who have not,know they were out, and divers nHtm riiiluios whose pecaliaritles I havs no time or slreaglit»4s>. serltie, stood and looked, aad looked and itsiiiil j^ stared for a long,kngtiiae,iutf4 thaPrfnsshWMlait would be Decided.unlawfullyseek totheir own statement, is to compel the news- to have seen Mrs. Sibbons in her palmy days T .I.etIt is announced with a flourish of trumpets that Fusion has at last been effected,—^that an electonl ticket has been nominated for which Oie Breckinridge and the Douglas Democrats and the Bell and Everett men ofHis expectations of being"The utmost which this arrangement can effect is the de- feat of LiHCOLH. No one of its friends ex- pects anything more fit)m it. Nobody antici- for a moment that either of the otherMr. BiocsHAH's comedy of managementpossiblypreparelaughter,i TbePrinceenteredUs iiilogiifor if they can defeat a choice by the people and throw theand ingenuity, andthey hopeelection into the House Bepresenta-aU theirusing the funds of the Company, to the reali- zation of this scheme.was to lease all the tele-the peo-the Telegraph and the Pressaif«Mi'wtt«»lamb^teltw eueio _._^»TbeArttoana'BankoiMBwas.ag^beftrtjtlt- leqnfndaata poeticalbookUnder^ahenld mentareikeaeUofanMptrlnrjadieialteim, ttk^ tti»a»raant^rfproposed bv the daftadants. Before tiie matter more than the work wonld Itare been done for that should have been performed months ago,He knows better. Bnt he avohrsSouth not only seceding, but "itfrokiag to resA Us bed tastjOtftt'foreign aid." Mr. Lawbuici must eitherbe ex- sleep was aalmpastfritttr to toi^ sit»'ltil theUth inst.sions,^ Beeorder Binirian sentenced Tbokab J. by ttiis action, applied to the President, stat-capital bythat if Lihcolh diould be elected, he cannot " object" to thethe Court of Oenetal Ses-TtrtnaDyhsfe.'iMtitDm aentence was unexpected by Hdkdat and histo the Attorney- rao^Older l^ht the action. This the President tothe Newfoundcessively terrified at the prospect ofa fallin the moniag.requesting his communicationthe to presidentThe Prase and the Telegraph.The New-York Associated Press has leasedandoMindorsedwords, buthave ventured as yet.the seaboard Telegraph lines, it has been be preserved on such a basis as he wouldff^riUQM.of testimony, liowever,asthevigorouslyperfectconflictto thismain fact stands uncontradicted, that theat all.indorsement.Nevertlieless,from the public Treasury more than he had expended on the Lecompton Con-graphic tntelligenceshould not lose the opportunity. What lover of thestitution.erly considered" were not unfounded.prop-enthusiasts not neglect Miss CDsaius. never saw tier play with more vigor than in tter pres- ent engagement.Now, we presume that there are men in this City who honestly believe that the de- feat of Lincoln will be a great blessing to thewho dividepense among them, the committee think ffcat a separate dispateh should come, and b^ paidrowlylkerafal nniba,ta an if ihalT ^ anyway dtftted from those of 1oftheUnion. Many of those who talk loudest in that direction know better, but doubtless there are those toCheers,Inmahi,ahbato,laaghSf and welcomes, w«» estendsd tndMdBaOy •another country, savingiold order of "-to Fly to others that they know not of,"sad the IolT, while the steeds of tbs popoises^ fiiaflladyl— our country are a terror and a shame,outofand to whom the facts revealed by Mr. Wendell areplaes,aialsslilxiiiawsfcie aia-simply shocking." Makea full bandfWUch diseonrsed sweat b^Banpeannews'%j%TiKxa.Thebreachbe-thesamecountrynowthatitwasthen.Thenmore bydiscovery.WhatwasledtothemeetingofstockholdersintheTele-e must rememlter that the country is hardlyDl andthe Connt desperateIt was the development of this design whichDale," " Old Dog Trw," "Ever of Tbiot,' "Sweet "^lioald Aold TailHome",O"UUncle A•s•asaiBtsaee,'Nag," Ned," DlzersjAad,'im Catock the influence of the men of earlier and^^eeiiea* obatacle to the complete was still felt ; the doctrine that " to the ofsome weeks since, for theiiefolotion. It ia lepinted that vic- days ton firebrand, compared with the stake oftjte Saplea for a personal in- Tictors belong the spoils" had not then been a fourlease of thePresidency,cialty of wldch continued until after 10 o'clock, at which time the Prince retired.Tlds morning the heavens threatened rain. Af-THi ranoB,and on each side of his carriage wenwUte plumea, grey coats, gny pots f boots. Then emit the rest of ths .**"Fnitheic detaila of La- lieaT Ancona show that 600the Sardiniaiis, and thatpromnigated. Sinde that time the country has made mighty strides in outward growth, and mighty strides in extravagance of expenditure,years' minions uponmillions of directExecutivO Committee controlled the meeting and now controls the Company, and has the power, as well as the purpose, to use ite Tele- graph lines, not only to oppress the news-i.I by : twepsage,opportunitiesReporters and flie faces,ttdidusgoodtobeboU,thsyweresoahSEiaiac*only perhaps made more bold by impuniV,Special Siapatoh to the Vew-Tork Times. WASHisaioa,Thursday,Oct.4.simpler' the stake of that miserable Lecomp- graph Companysevetal of aMeh an honor . to some mutual under- The President gave in honor of the Prince on with titles whtch are tbe well-known aassss of Oiawith all its indirect greedy, unscrupulousandthis $50,000 profits of bookbinding to Mr. Wen-the infamous Swift live oak contract, by the Willett's Point and Fort Snelling swin- dles, and the other corruptions whose unveil-getwalkedhas made this Administration a stench inobjectreturned to the White House, where the Cabinet were formaUy received.Ttie morning papers announced a Presidential re- ception for 12 o'cloclt. Long before that hour a mot-..trusted tobeby con-pean n,ewsvfill'No rude alarm or foe nrrsrntod itself angrytracts, by Collectorships, by foreign appoint- ments and the like ? If the President couldafford to have the offer made to Col. Fobnitto him out of the country, of tfie Consul- getat with $10,000 in cash to be ship Liverpool,him out of the proceeds of the public printing, for which he was, however, nominally to correspond with the, Union newspaper, how much would he be willing to offer to the m6n whose vote should keep the country in an up-leyfromtill March, in order that Joe Lane fhay be placedroar by preventing an electionMerchants who choose to avail themselves of it, can gain three oriirthe Chair which he must vacate ?A Pres-tions. The President shook hands with everybody thousands of citizens who had assembled at the de-TuAD. Stevens called the same bluster aboutthe election of a " Republican speaker,long, longto expect, or at least to fear. It will be remembered ttiat last Spring, ThokasIn such a sentence wasiiiifpsed,while the culprit wasatfor the community large,any opinion he mightpreviouslyhim from the re- to the RecorderewemoaiesCommittee,WmniLL remained thatwas no object in the matter," and he producedWdDzix's own memorandum, with his receiving sentence. He said that hisif Lincoln is elected " a dissolution of Vernon. The President has invited thewe Jound, Prince and faftit cheenTMi«uof the lawonthepartof theSiSE?^*** dgned, and, wilit abetter from Dr.ltlil»iii "''? audience in attendhnce, is a carious coincidence certainly, Uiat the advice of counselCommittee of conference between the House posed that in view of the pnblicity which at-ti'2ndldnot stop,we passed, a '^j, o" '"""'—^ ^i;3f,is inevitable." But heh"""that, nevertheless, be sup- a aed the Senate, which was the means of car- tended the case, the public would only l>e sat-But, if a President is electedof vote on Anti-Lecoraptonof ^ir of theItlemalBStoabowhowMr.WehOellwas Court,whichwasthattheprisonershouldbedangtitersadcnowledged iU receipttlie partpublic opinioneaBfined in the.Vvtttrvtam, was wen by NieholoM in two The same Congren which, under the man- There was an mmsnally large crowd in attend- tie Reoohitiom, foreign tU."„ hone jncMwPenitentiary four months.Jt?o^m5fepStrS«rJnt,fiosXM^fe-i^^' i^.5i».-'Untitled Documentcrowd aodallowI"cricketJ. aifl themeteh inrtween the Profes--^.; ---S^s^s^considered."ipulation of Wramu wiOi Us |80,000, passed •nee, a gntX portion «( whom withdrew upoBbmtf„tSouthernHoritiet,(yhadbegunofwicb, and the rest wifli broad sad butter, lAeeoe, Xox- key,cake,^iplesandgr^es,sIttiBginsUiBSfiaa-snddisgusting attemptsresponsibilityAs month after month passed away, and no;large,proprieties, the public began to suspect thatbeen successful.ratic freedom whichMr.MuNDAY'sofficialdistinctionspiteby the Harrisburgh Band'— -'-"«- " of Ul ffaoand political influence were to save him from the infliction; hi nltepublic*^^„ and tlUo, to see the PW-xSj^B^oda t«o> bW himgood-Accordingly, yesterday the prisoner ap- peared in the General Sessions, before Recor- der Baxnard, and addieseed the Court beforero^^ IntUcsJetto;theP°"fS.hSmanner.ii a.'^'f^SS'StotKqdtaUtleBSr thsrttt.throughout—and then dissolve the compact which had existed between their owners and the Press for the transmission of news. Thiswasdonewiththeavow-a streets of thecarry thatDecemberthis line as useful as possible to the financialcertainly seen Democracy unshackled for once. AM bowed to the Prince, and the Prince returned their saluta-Having traversed the entire city, he was escorted to the depot, when saluted by the successive firing of twenty-one cannon, the simultaneous ringing of a score of church bells, and nine heartv cheers from theticians, and especially with Mayor Wood of the bill, / We have been compelled so often to com- and the City funds. There is a veryof curious mod- marked with delight ttie almost countless droves of animals wUchhiseyerested,almostwitboutin-bail to awaitwhichthe stockholders andthepublicought to know. We consider it fortunate, several ladles tested the nap of his coat therefore, for his own reputation as well as crowded before him, and nothing was omitted whichcomfortablyanduntil reachedBatils- theypleaand to arrest" Far be it from me to aggravate the eompbdnts on ceeding has caused a storm of l]»Ugnation throughout B«i>fmletiwmhoartepartisans.stepgraph lines from Halifax,',and commercial public.lfor fiveTelegraphbers of the Association to protect themselves ribly lacking in common sense and common to ids obssrvatten Ifae saost slngnlsr ciowA a*andfch*-aiming steadily monopolythusestabliAied,andtoobtainabso- lute and unrestricted control of news fromno mittee, in several pamphlets they have Issued,,theydrama of the present generation would not l>e proudsuch We descend tbe st^a.' V^raoioaMDifha^iby seven or eight papers,ex-—so that the not convenientfor by each separate newspaper,seats at all, for theforeigned purpose of encouraging and creating rivalOaee—The Reeeptlea at the Bxecarive populace,Prince.''thethemselves in advance of the Press and pub-agencies,procuringforeignDfaimenattheNatlenalCapital—His someofwblclTsretolerablyfamiliartotbeaaisofttspurpose comingwith its standing. The attempt, however, failed. Thetwenty-two Qolekstsps, Wednesday evening a grand State dinner, the so- pretty Prince. After tbe band caaaeo%;ial patron-for men, as evidenced by— advance of the Press and sell it to speculators,radiant with covered wlUiaad natnre.acoMhiMt-.papers, but to monopolizeit infor five years.Hereafter neariy all the Euro-;cannot just yet go into the business of specu-the— Wallace'sTheatbe. Smcetheproductionvldusls, aad then caauantosil a"of this theatre has beenbutcompany's receipts for each item of news anxious seekers after domestic tiappiness. Unfor- lecttvely by the people belbni Iremoved Us wblte fast, and the eRn>d.4ld i&t whom the election of Lincoln is so manifest idea of the relations that ought to exist between ment, and those in need of such information liad bet- the Prince iNnrad oaoe, twlse, thrleSiaiid themightbemultipliedsevenfold. Thisis/'theirenlargetunately, Hr. Wallace cannothis establish-seats,anyMr. FoaaisT doesoriginally produced by Miss Lauka Kain at the Metrt^litan Theatre, now the Winter Garden, is being very fairly played.SfOTEIHBNTS OF THB PRINCB.Tlait to tke Capital BaiMlaga aad the Patentthe closest to Bis proziml^The rush at the doors was terrible.•lambered in and jumped out of the windows, andconfusion reigned from tlie entrance to the President,Mr >Camp will not do. The fact that he is a and from the President to the retiring room. The waiting for the train which is to carry Qie Prince to band played well. Finally the Prince retired from Washington, to report the movements of the Boyal the reception-room to an upper window, and wai party since they departed from Pittsburgh. For asome man to thishome wasyetbeenappointedfor theBALTiKoaa, Wednesday, Oct. 3, 1800,Director, is considered a fatalmay be called upon to pronounce judgment onto'cast thetation upon Mr. Camp's personal character,we mustvarying appearanceand %eU-to-do-our surprise that he should ever have been nominated for Receiver by any of the stockholders or Directors of the insti-kind interference of Hon. Mr. the Sicklss,[sosperityexpressveryers would have ibeen unable to enter at all.was an immense gathering of people on the steps andas he an assess-rideto serve, and whose action cannot be influenced noisy crowd. At o'clock the President gave a sec-sentimentsTUsthe and trouble isCity, apprehended If the order iseagerly tM «^SS.iw« ISH jwg^^ Theodr«fp"«.i"«d— :goes and thus sete forth his ownLane,and orders groimds,pre^cTof Jould see small ed necks, uphftelat last. He lives in Rhodehl^h^ ,^ «P<>^5^id Harrisbur^, followed by the ahwtod |o«»-bJ^4^of the Sontfa.mlh Ike avowed object of creatins * tervile toar, ex- bithfnlly executed.partoeople He:m»im§kinThere ia a great deal of virtae in an i^,— tborities, radt as wUl keep back theThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069S^rCelterMStohBT^iMPrince.cheered most heartily.The party, attended by Secretary TaoMPSOii, then rode through curious crowds to the Patent Office. This, like all the other public bulldinjjs, was closedagainstto-day,bit.great signannoyance that the Princeing,slept,slept soundly,—the number was 32.Alarge number of Miss LAn'sUp got the Prince, (t>dak,^ttbm asHUjoa ndnd as weUt) up got tte Prtooa, wdtalai;te» thanitwouldtakemsayaIsteboyattaaardtaceeheAAt 10 o^took tUs BondBf flw Island, he is a Breckinridge man, but in manyafairdame,notalone reasonofids but fsxewellsofsUtbe dUaensofthesuite to go tUther in the Harriethave been issued to permit no one else in tiie»** ^g'of^ple. """aSa^ilSntaletter.forwardwithpleasurable 4Uouranccetor*of tlrlpstionatotheirvisitatNew-York,acrossloto,aoIt »BU"Hesdh—i»JtflrrasRoyalail intruders asas to for a snppoaeof Playing vrlth Fire," the!iinlhitbe Forest-McCready row st the rtathrpisnsmustNiBLO'sThsatre.—Onthe"off"nights,when as""hsnkir'marts""trnttnfliprtrklyslmn.Ifin tbeUfaasiea—A Highly Demecratic Crawd— for the q>aceof one hour and a half, (ivfag, iIiadtes._"HaUCommbia," GodSavethe "iOir ;Qn*aa,''the Capitol Buildings Ctiambers,old andnewtheasked many questions, andassembledbefore the closed doors.Short-;diiilsg tbe ride, but all was qufet and serene. Tbera wasB point. The American Telegraph Company ly afternoon the doors opened, and the rush began. frequent cheers for the .Qneed aad the Bognl FaaJ^ Mr. BccHAKAif, the Prince, Lord Ltons, the Duke of —occasional tributes of floral nstuio—oovaad OMB an attempt at hand-shaking, and always a reaectAd lating in Foreign news. They will be under Newcastle, Easl S. Geemainb and Gen. Bbdci, stood recognition of the position of the guest and the aai^suite,friends fireworks from the win-House. The Prince was inUs readers uijuossUliiii. polttonhashis name is Wm.Laweince. He has written a letter to some gallant and gay young gentleman, who seemed de- been theh- fellow-countrymen ^.'^'^Hook at Um,turned —upspiritsall theevening, and made himself to agreeabletrespassers.pro-personaliiiniii. s|i*In Ms rwt;ot^enof lateness of the hour the fiioot eiacUag oftoadlasPeoplelooUi^hoped thai BBSSurea will be taken by the Police au- doing my -'«kj«^,~"'^ SOWABO.tastlir oute()plsaat <MIn hi sill iiliinii Ibii iif ilsjoBslisl. si ipoceosMa Ifcraai^ott Ihethat the tunes and sin sad ael time, ftdlowlng ,parsinfcoilplaolws:the side of another gentlSBiaa on a ciacaA^'f ing nag, and toeether Utey shouted' to tbtthreI embraceall visitors and had it not been for the of the towns and villages, and sm^irlsed at Oe na-'ofableness manifested at each and ail of them. As Iswell known by all lovers of good cattle, there is nobetter In the world than that whlA grazing countryOnegeatleaanoaalas4aaioa,eadshrwaytalkingpro-and insole have could not say tliat the people of HsrrtaoiKghttehe was dressed andaoew half-doaaa boringspare moments, while we arethe^"'^ kSf good Tbe UKtuimm tmi-^•"•J? -II www.fultonhistory.comfifriiiftflf 