 1: ;tinf.iChambery for Florence, and the barren mountainsof Savoy for the smiling valley of the Arno. Franceincreased her tenitory in the "last century by Lor-ity is the essence of humor), compared with other stationary blind pipers o n the bridges. These and frequent recent declarations by the same au- things, and famous picture-sales a t the Hotelthority, it would none the less be read with serious Dreuot—for this is the bight of their second season satisfaction by most Frenchmen. Nobody hereabout •as well—and sermons from Father Felix at Notre* _•;•'THE ANNEXATION OF SAVOY.The Monitcur of March 22, published the dispatchfrom M. Thouvenel to Count de Persigny; dated the13ib of March, in which the French Minister for For-eign Affairs explains the Emperor's declarations re-»pectirg the annexation of Savoy and Nice to France.After declaring that "solemn acts" attest that Francehad no desire for territorial aggrandizement wheu shedispose of this Province, and to declare that an attackis made on the guaranteed security of the Gonfedera- . for object to annex these provinces to France, till suchEV.?' *jects b y hundreds, without having even ; brought them before a Judge. There is t h e Pope, preparing t o hurl t h e great exr communication against Victor Emanuel during Easter week, and calling the Neapolitan forces to his aid, though the King of Sardinia has declared that he woulu consider the appearance of a Neapolitan army in tbe Papal States a casus btlli. In the East, Moldo-Wallachia is still unsettled: Russian agents flock to Bulgaria, and Servia threatens an insurrec- tion unless the hereditary rights of Prince Michel, thesonofMilosh,shouldberecognizedbythe Porte. As to Hungary, the country is on the brink of a revolution; but she will keep quiet until the war has begun in Italy; tbe system of passive re- sistance and o f demonstrations has been, i n the mean while, adopted by the Hungarians. . In Croa- tia there is a famine, and in all the provinces of Aus-triadistressanddiscontent.Tgxf,t£> fcE•t•r ubadge of the Legion o f Honor, and recounted his exploits. He then dismounted, and approaching the officer who had taken his position in - front, tapped bim upon each shoulder with his swordr shook him heartily by the hand, and kissed bin* upon each cheek at the same time, presenting with the decoration. This ceremony was repeated againto an officer of lower grade, and finally to.a com-tion to the weight with which they have already bore allowed to address t o your Majesty tne expression of Dot entirely wanting in authentic reports. One o fv**.garrison,thofcsingularlymisguidedyoungman,the mentcandidatetenderedhisresignationfortheceededmfoundingtheircombinationsonbasesuniting daysomomentousforthem,allthesentimentsthatani- the saie of stilling the scandal. ISo, said the I n - the conditions of a true stability, which indeed are no mate them?•».not the questioning and answering, and advocates'speeches. The decision o f the Judges, with themotives for it, was published. I t i s two columnslong; briefly it may b e nutshelled thus: Dupan-loup cannot be properly accused o f defaming thecharacter of bis predecessor in the Episcopal chair,Rousseau ; Rousseau's character unhappilywaspastdefamation; whatissaidofitinDu-panloup's famous letter is historically true—more'sthe pity; the Sttcle newspaper has no fair cause ofcomplaint, since it had freely attacked the Bishop,hold the passes into France open 1 However annoying Majesty tbe earnest prayer to shield our country from favorable tinge was, that which represented the selves to it during half a century; still more, we even such, a misfortune, and the Municipal Councilors of theaccepted i t after a campaign in Italy, which would principal towns have wiahed to join their deputations Austria. But the edges of this, too, were dulled'.:».mAafraidthat any large,:'.*'. In'thev'nVdflt, of, the general anxiety for the future be true, f tw*nnl«Maj«i5ty....Kecc)ive,-&c. . #«&= isfc ; . - W i '•.':; ination of the .King •nnde^'the grave circumstances•-easily have furnished us the occasion of changing it;but ought we to admit that the conditions which wehave scrupulously respected, so as tbimpart no troubleinto our international relatbns, should be aggravated? will be of your Majesty. But, after the acts o f the rumor is prob.ably unfounded.ftt•>their maiorifcy, their guardian retires beyond the with a separate administration, under tbe governor- ' sort of penitential service. lihinkvcry few people'IKL'-'TSOJ would, indeed, have liked to remain ship of Prince Carignan o r some other lieutenant attend them ibf their own sake and" the mere,pleas-under the protection of Napoleon, and of his rifled of .yictor Emanuel. '••• Napoleon has also his peace ure of the thing. A large portion of the ticketsibn of Savoy; and Switzerland, by its acquiescence, The following is a copy of the Swiss protest just de- obliged herself to secure the execution of it bypledging livered to the French Minister of Foreign Affairs: herself on the one hand to afford a passage to Sardinian 1* P ARIS, March 15,1860. troops to return t o Piedmont, and on the othert t oThe class in whom there is; enodgh' of %l ol$ Roman blood to mdke them scorn beggary, bnfwho can get no work nor any sale for their wares, faro^Tanrida/orthreesib tity of ground would7~ .Mli EXKCtTTlOlT AT COIXBg, the wife and p FenkIbrahimPa*as law" at the Stamboi jeenteoce of the coad several days before 1 immediately carried finding an execution' services being now3n the /f good old tin jschnetair were- seld< ever, the (consider* duced a gipsy t o u momiDg, accordir.a performed in the a r yond the bridge, time), the prisoners prison, under a ecu -man, on foot, withjToman in a sedan c triage, the guard the crowd of 50 or'( them on the way irthenhandedoutof tremor which seize( two upright polee \\ jnovements of prej evident that what picion in her mind certainty. She me-3ntoSlowcryof" asked what they was told, "mer el- quieted, though stil lor, was led into th< corner of the stw seized and pinioned, ly the while,tilltin head and pulled at <quieting work. T l lung up on the fnu the^ tragedy had b within the khaii, thiahment onUide. A into the building, aj the prisoner's crime wretched man for X 3meel-down, which•without hesitation istander remarked,! J3The -gipsy then are curving Dlade) and- Io the shoulder enc o n h i s f a c e a n d max three additional hu<lengtit^severed the completed the j ad, placed up by the si the woman, remain• •newJevyofsoldiers,andnearlydoublesherarmy;affordtodisbandherforces.EuroperesoundswithinclusteringabouttheoutsideoftheCourt-room,grandizementofSardinia,M.Thouvenelsays: abouttobecalledtomakepartoftbegreatFrenchFriday,the16th;butFriday,the16th,hascomedentlylovedaswellasrespectedbyhiscomifiand. werecordinano:h|i•Ifeared that this temptation might be too powerful fortheFrenchEmperor,andthoughtwemightthisyear see a French campaign on the Rhine, as well asa Sardinian one on thePo. Still, at the present mo- downjhe Boulevard, no act of his has so tickled hiswascurrentlyreportedonTuesdaythatanencamp-drawnbythesamenumber,andaccompaniedby day,wiiltplacards.imposed upon constituted bodies, upon men who havealways been faithful subjects o f their King, as they affair, which was undoubtedly quite proper, as thewhich brings his capital within one day's march as resisting the ardent wish of Savoy for unitarianfrom the new French frontier; but Tuscany isa annexation for the sake of gratifying that estimableZarzyki! All these and as many more to do their warbling, twanking, thumping, torting, scraping,General might pretend that, this cession modifying theterms of the contract, it is lawful for them to considerthemselves exonerated, with respect to Sardinia,7 fromthe obligation'of watching over tne maintenance of theneutrality of Chablais and Faucigny; but one cannotunderstandthattheyshouldwishtoav&ilthemselvesof the occasion to contest with Piedmont the Tight; to•they are to enjoy the neutrality of Switzerland in tbe ' same manner as if they belonged to her.'little higher*above starving point without attracting public attention o r descending to beggary.,' As foe the beggars, they didn't care for a little soup—-they could pick up enough to eat anywhere; they Wanted money. Thisyeartherearenosouphousesandno business. v •• c /The review of the French troops yesterday was, as usual, a very brilliant affair. There are about? ten thousand of those in the city. One regiment of ckassturs a pied, picked men, selected for theictbe clang of arms, and still we are expected to be- I £ ? ^ L f a ? ° w ° f f K ? ^ ° ' ^VTM*?5*®** K*~ J*ZL*», ' T W * TM TM TM J T \ > , f t Aro„_ though they had stood listemngin Minnesota. T h efamily witb the assent of its legitimate Sovereign.'* One single anxiety has alone hitherto impeded theand gone, and nothing unusual occurred, except a review of the French trO' ps.hove i n peace.' There ia, moreover, the Nea Court-room itself was filled to its utmost squeezethem, he took his station.at the entrance,tb the Hope not only lives in the Roman mind, but it has sloping 6eats o f the amphitheater, and announced the name of the first man who was t o receive thepofitan question; the youthful King, under t h e with a public more and less select—the first law- influence of Austria, exiles and imprisons his sub-eo many links of every aes«ription.that' country guardian of the Alps, so that it should have charged us> Sire, to place a t the feet o f your only rumor I have heard that had the slightest un-.w-.v.'ifrik 'n immtVt'li^r''-'Republic. There are other facetious observations inbewitching bait In the last century Francis L , . Be p u b)jc . rj^eie ^ otier facetious observations ect., within the next twenty-four hours. Thenthe speech, on which, however, as you will be aptEmperor of permany, exchanged the country of his J.t o e 8TH}eclK o n w b i c b ( however; as you will be a there are two or three larger concerts for this week,birth,Lorraine,forareversionaryinterestmTus- toprintitatlength,Ineednotdwell. Wereit andthefouroperasandthecafeVconcertswithout cany; and now again Yictor Emanuel gives u p much funnier than it is (Hazlitt says that incongru- number, and peripatetic barrel organists and theto the con-raine, and now by Savoy and Nice, solely to per-mit the Tuscans t o change their dynasty. In so bas for many a day had a doubt about the annexa-tion. '••, ! . • time as the Powers of Europe, to which the Imperial " Does not the situation of Switzerland, as far as it Government has iteelf declared that i t would submitfcrlittlecanbesaidaboutthesetransactions,tion.Theonlyquestionwasastothepreciseman-since the Savoyards feel no objection against becom- ner i n which the forms were to be gone throughing French, and Nice, with her 35,jOOO inhabitants, with. That curiosity is not yet fully satisfied. I t off the ennui from Lent.mate grounds^in the arrangements whrcb tire Govern ments of the Emperor and the King of Siidinia pro- poeetoconclude. •••', *• •'-.•''••m~:" I observe, moreover, Sir, that i t i s open to usto inquire bow far the stipulations of 1815 on this special point conform with the whole of combinations agreed upon at that period between the Powers who signed the treaties of Vienna to insure the neutrality of the Hel- vetic Confederation. But that is a question which the Government of the Emperor ought to discuss with those Powers; and I do not hesitate to say that we are dispoeed to adopt any compromises suggested^ whether for the general interest, or especially for the interest of Switzerland.or a very quick pace, and are trained,to every )dnd! of rapid evolution; also, two regiments o f the .line, and two batteries of artillery, beside a small body-of•of tbe military organization against the wishes ofthe population, and the interminable question o fSchleswig-Holstein i s again revived. The Southis not likely to be satisfied b y another display of universal suffrage. Even the votes of municipal and provincial councils are not sure of being recog- nized as the decisive official test. His Majesty doesITALY.„ .— • Correspondence of The N. Y. Tnbnne-ROME, Mtfrch 17, I860. There have been rather more ^han the usualamount of rumors in circulation in this city during down the three long streets which converge to' thisis not large enough to make any serious opposition;• but Switzerland is, of course, alarmed; the posses-scion of Upper Savoy puts all the western cantons atgens d'armes.They first rendezvoused in the Piazza To one standing upon the fountain i uthe mercy of France, and the security of SouthernGermany i s jeoparded. The theory of natural not mention—in fact he, in a happy rhetorical way,del Popolo.the center of the square, the approach of the soldiersfrontiers, taken up, though disavowed by Napoleon, threatens the Bhine, and the Germans are still dis- united, and invite a French invasion by their dissen- sions. Austria i s still i n high dudgeon against Prussia, the Federal Diet of Frankfort continuesas good a s mentions quite the contrary—the fact that the Municipal Council of Nice had expressed a decided wish not to be annexed to France, to, be constituted as a free city rather. 'the last week. Jfc could hardly have been other-wise. So important a measure as the vote in Tus-cany and the Romagua upon the question of annex-ation t o Sardinia could not fail t o awaken in apeople s o enthusiastic as the Romans, and in suchclose proximity, vague hopes and expectations, andfears which speedily take shape and appear a arumors of good or^ evil portent, a s the mind thatgives them birth is''hopeful o r desponding. It isnoticeable that of the latter, o r ttuch a s portendpoint, was extremely warlike.The approach of each body was announced by acompany of buglers. Then appeared the standard- bearer, carrying a well-worn flag and the eagle of France tvith half-spread wings; next the tall fornx of the drum-major appeared, whose natural hlght, head and almost shoulders above his company, i a further increased by an immense tower hat of.bear- skin, the whole carried up another story by a. m a -jestic plume. Then the pioneers, with their,tafi fur hats, long braids, great axes, and whitejeatherTbe general, and, doubtless, well-founded persua- of HeBsia, the Prince Kegent o f Prussia selects only a select few that trouble their heads as to the*,w :%»•ranjjQjcnner of viewro'r xiicatethem to you i to second us, and (, turning to .tA&m?**•- -.Mi ^fet«enttoi•; that thev will set th< qneHroi-yda to brin prudent and eerie utlong delaying the So you success."Thefollowing let sawydatedMarchMSill vffi l^itti^Sii^^^^HHI^W^^S^WHHilip 'jr.;interfered in Italy, but that circumstances have since thesquabbleaboutthelegalityoftheconstitutionsionhereisthattheannexationwillbedone;itischanged,M.Thouvenelgoesontosay:•'].. "Youwillbegoodenough,Sir,toreadthisdispatch,.*« the present critical moment for a complete changeparticular how. This persuasion gives general sat- ." It is impossible to dispute the fact that the forma- isfaction to that foolish patriotism that confounds tion of a considerable State possessing both slopes of the Alpsis an event of the highest gravity with regardthe size of one's country with i t s true greatness. to the security of our frontiers. The geographical The satisfaction i s immensely . hightened by every situation of Sardinia acquires an importance which itand t o famish a copy of it t o the President of the Federal Council- Accept, &c.German Kings and Princes continue to embarrasstbe Federal action of Prussia, and refuse to ac* expression of disapproval uttered in other parts of could not have had when that kingdom hardly counted account of the reception by the Emperor of the deputa-evil, there are very few. However black the clouds aprons, and after them the rank and file, "\y~hileknowledge her claims to the lead of the Federalarmy; and, in the mean time, Napoleon orderstion of the provincial councilors of the principal towns eharged to piesent to his Majesty the addresses of theirmay be, or from whatever quarter/they may come;their thi«ate"ning always faces the enemies of Italy;for her they are invariably golden fringed, and are" way from the Pincian HilL As a battery consists•; three great military camps to be established towardthe Rhine. A diplomatist, whom I lately saw. such pleasure as they have derived from perusal ofbig only with hope w Italy in general, and in this of eight guns, each gun drawn by four prodigiousquarter f o r Rome in particular. For instance: i t •horses, and attended by a heavy ammunition wagon,! attack the Pope; Sardinia says she must organize and consolidate the recently annexed provinces, andthey regard it as an assertion of the traditional prin- ciple of naiural boundaries.rence, however distant we may suppose it to be. doeB not diminish the peril, is simply to obey the most legiti- mate considerat'ons and the most ordinary courses of international polity, which never at any perioi has as-ment dominates us all; it is that of our profound ad- miration for the Sovereign who, after being elected by the whole o f France, has known how to increase stillwar, and war was to free Italy. Why not ? - From the South there came a rumor the same day to the effect that the King of Naples had fled^feature in the display.From the place o f rendezvous the whole %rce> .filed off outside tbe walls to the grounds of the'Bor-Europe—the more they do not like it the more the French do. Not the skillfulest flattery of all their masters i n rhetoric could have given the Frenchfour million souls, and was in some sort held by a greatnumber of conventions to be external to the peninsula.With a development which must nearly triple its popu-lation and its material resources, the population of all fellow-citizens on the subject o f the annexation of the passes of the Alps would permit it, in the case ofits alliances ever making it our adversary, to.open ac- cesstoourterritorytoaforeignarmy,orbyitsown forces t o difcturb the security of an important part,of the empire, by intercepting our principal line of mili-these were tramping in from different parts of tho city, filling up the streets below, a battery of artil- lery was descending by the broad, winding .carriage*the recent speeches i n the English Parliament of Mr. Kinglake and others.Savoy:The Empress and the Prince Imperial were presentSince Napoleon led the monarch of Great Britainat the reception.ment of 50,000 French troops was to be formed in- more or less men on horseback as officers or as. re-the front of both, formed that jealouit h e stale murderer, woman's share in h<^appears, had,, taken maddened by his en tile conjugal doi auidaccompliBhed t lated.Ing occurred in St facts, shortly told, of gouvemantc) of £e page the evening! captain in the annvfquarter of' the Salt the family to whic| with a casket of i^torning them t< former had borrow! as is usual amongdaughter's house, the casket in some former did,.and she mother engaged prayer.- ^In a fev down stairs on threwacordrounc her. The wretch^ into a charcoal siie<j-of her husband she , what she had done] pretended to appToutandapprisedti Theyaccompaniedsecreted in a room j •eee agiin describe thereupon arrestee" 'whereshenowlie^.dDto T«RT Bcaij of Saturday, Mart longing to Mr. W< jburned at the stake All the negroes on witneeeed the bv council of highly—The pro-slaverj a slaveholder bas wherever his bt question is answer asking another, *arry my property! with two polecat* Idaineachpocket,joom.—ST. PAtri., Mthe 3dinst. John > jby 1,-148 votes to ] (Last Fall, Becker jority.) The other Spring had 200 to:A "WOMAN AND gSTew-Yotk merchai Jake a Southern tri condiHonof his h< and not unneceesai wifefrom the care With the Bursing change and recreat 3n her own feelingi on accoinpanyingl SnetTectual for «ai Bteamahip on whic Khe introduced h4$$>,;*symmWi,$XI ^ O g ^ l l ^ ^ ^ g ^ l l l the Court otijm r ^^^^f^SI^^^^^^'B^^i^ Government interfere* with, the freedom of elections the .following docnl»e»tVamong[Which was probably, tb^^^t^'promoters expected o f it. A demonstration to about the same effeet ia said to behere a s ^niquitoualy as doe*, our Federal central \ 7 I-^jrf'^tfe *-<r*^a and to leavefa copy of thisidb>tellns that' an ^ ^ ^ f e S ^ f i s , power at home (Kansas is an exception to all rules, i p & i c a ^ ^ State o f her Brl* welfare,, of our co^ntryi whatever may be the determ- simply of a procession through the, Corso or outsiderplanned f o r fx>-rnoTTdw, Burfday.* Itfwffl "consist h:too.S^^>^^J^^^^ FrenchorAmerican),itisgood tolearn,ft«6mthe <8lgn«a,) i "THOUVENEL."' thePorta Pia,randtwiJi?iraow^^qxiietinannerthevsamesoureesalso,thatFrenchmen^hd willWt$&, TheMoniteur likewise publishes a dispatch,dated which'mayinducehimto separate himself from*the tinityofthepeople,andtheirdisMietotheGovern- sistBuch:outsidepressurewithimpunity,an£: that the17thofMarch,fi'oWk.Thouvenelto the French cradleofhisfamily,jSayoyhas,inthissolemnmoment, ment.•': •'••v- ••.-•...•. t-fm^mmrudviseS more x ^ « ^ ^ ^ S ^ f ^ 5 PtomorsTHESTATEOPEUROPE. Thepermanentinimi*theproportionoftheinwho"do'.'ymt^*Wtyjlli* dutiesand;sentimentswhichmustuniteallherchildren'Vie'^iijf^^^^^^^^i^^^ja "NamerousarresywnOarOw*Cerrew»d«*.LoSBOSv Friday, March23, I860.nlace,isauseless horror. nenceott^msu^u^^-y^lufa0o n^ in,Ckarg6 d'Jjaires at Berne. M. Thouvenel saysf in one common line o f a c t i o n . ' , / . . ; ; : . towns of the Rus^u roputablylargoandtending<td.increases *"M.Kernhastransmittedtomethenote,ofwhioh0,f^^j^^e%^^^Ki^^^(i^^ {Constatinreminis- coffee-houses,willserve to give someideaofthe iieenincarceratedaLainaitiueandhisfriendsareoutwftharatherIhavethehonorto-sendyouacopyherewith,andthecences,loveofc^untryj.respectforthefraternalbonds;stateoffeelinginthiscity.Thereis,oicourse 'aanowski,aprofessclachrymosey plaintive-heroic advertisement o f a .object.of which; asyou will sea, is to, protest,(in the which uiite in a secular community of glory and suf- nothing to be gained by action, and the people simIwere still more nui likewise some perso: able to inform you v at Kiew and €ha chargedwithhavt. nationality.Itis\arrested will be seii confounded literary ManytpeoVbJbeHev^political, sys em p i think that Rossda ha iranaformationofn throughout the R a value since the' queiname of hia Government) against the annexation t o fer ing the members of the old. Savoyard family; ply wait and hope. Their blood i s at fever heat jeal earnest* The settlement of 1815 has come to actually in a passion wjth Turin or only gnmacing '"' complete worhs, to be published by suWription, Prince of those districts o f Savoy contingently sub- " Can that noble family be disunited? ^Can her na- but the pulsations are as yet regular.i» : > #w®», *44 in forty,volumes." The price i s 320 francs, to mitted io neutrality in virtue of the treaties of 1815.; tlonaUty be sacrificed without a motive and; without In the mean time there is no inimehiieaniouht of anend,andkingsandnationsarealarmedanddis- tosaveappearances,appearstobeansweredbythe •/.."Thisetepcouldnotfailtogivethegreatestsurprise: righttothestrangepretensionsoftheHelveticCoo- sufferingam6n$thepoorermiddleiclass:'The^beg- Iturbedbyfearsandhopes.Sardinia,in1615a eventsandpubhsheddocumentsofthelastfewdays.bepaidinfourannualinstallmentsof80francs, totheGovernmentoftheEmperor.HisMajestyhasfederation1WhatcrimehasSavoycommittedagaimt*gars,andtheirnumberislegion,getalom|webthird-rate Power,. placed under the influence o f A week ago the discussion was still quite general and beginning with May 15, 1860. • I should say that offered to Switzerland, on many occasions, proofs o f her King and against Franceito deeexve such an insult? enough, they manage to, get enough to eatand^few Austria, baa grown into a, realmof 12,000,000 of in- earnest. Cavour and Napoleon must have well people were growing wearied with theBe, appeals in ,his interest and friendship which mij;ht have decided " In presence of the danger which appears to threat- pennies beside to lay by agaiust a rainy ifcj, ^vjbieb:The map of Esrope has been changed at last innew "personal, definitive, unique editionfwfhisiabifeaH- gwatcrin extent and population than Mantes, aecon&indeed to Spain, but, -• by her com- mand of the Kafian sympathies, quite as important a»Prussia, VictorEmannelbasnowacceptedtheirigh split their sleeves as they listened.The French troops are moving out of Lombardy,favor of the loquaciously-resigned Lamartme. 'tbe Federal Council to place confidence in the justice en her she must rise unanimously, and,the undersignedTheirs's seventeenth and final volume o f tho of France. I t has preferred t o protest. I cannot, representatati^es at the Provincial Council of the dis- will be for them when a good. Government is eftab-rests to be mads, as peri*Nicholas, tog Mgaawae vHoweve penodof great poh*ifo' erowns of Parma, of Modena, of TuscanyT and o f ifceBomagna, for better and ibrworse; theFxeneh have begmi toevacuate Lombardy, leaving the newTOwer Itafian Kingdom to take its chance,Cavour to provoke the war. Cavbur has an im- Juilien, the sometime so famous orchestra chief, energetic protest/against the cession to Switzerland of ;marriage a dowry o f a tbousand doBaw. JHe,works to do;, to set his new tariffs and largely com- cannoa,foraseasonortwolonger,untiltheymight binedsystemofothereconomicalreformsinopera-being generally given away or distributed—-a species of forced loan—among the unfortunate friends; of thefortunatefriends61thedistinguishedartist,the room gets filled and paid for, and the provincial o r foreign performer's reputation, or capacity for rep- utation, puffed into Parisian proportions (in friend-station,incaseofneed,federaltroopsintheneutralized "M.KBUST, Minister ofSwitzerland, toM.M. THOCVSSBI, badly. Theyareselling offhttfeariwlesoforna- Minister of foreign AffatxB.,ihaveconsolidatedtheirnewcountry;[buttheFrench tion,"forinstance.Bmperor thinks they are old enough now to standupon their own legs. He had, besides, to be bought Savoy is already as good as annexed. That ap- off by the cession of Savoy and Nice—-a sacrifice pears to have been effectively arranged by Cavourand the Emperor just about when the grimacing . easily made by Count Cavour, whose bitterest oppo- was most violent. A deputation of municipal andnentsi n the Chambers, between 1849 and 1859, provincial councilors Irom Savoy presented to thewere the members from Savoy—always TJltramon Emperor the unanimous wishes of their Province ' taudsts, reactionary, a n d anti-Italian, speaking for annexation t o France, a n d i t s protestationFreaeh, opposing, t h e Italian plans o f t h e against any idea o f dismemberment. T o whom King, and paying, with some success, th© part his Majesty replied with thanks, and acceptance, of the Pope's Irish brass band i n t h e British and assurance that it should not be dismembered. Parliament. T h e King, however, d i d n o tHis fondness for Switzerland would have led him like to part with the cradle of his dynasty, and had cheerfully to give her a share of the Savoyard prov-some hesitation i n signing the treaty of cession, inces; but he could not think of doing such a thing\m:v&.country. Theengagementacceptedbytheconfeder- ation was the equivalehtfor a territorial cession made o the canton of Geneva, and the eventual neutraliza- ion of Chablais and Faucigny—a guaranty stipulated or the advantage of Sardinia^ and the compensation ly prints), which, redisplayed i n the Provinces o r for a sacrifice. This neutralization had not then been"MONSIEURLEMINISTRE.—-Inconsequenceofa ment,orevennecessaries,fbrthen:dailysupport*dispatch from BerneT am to. inform your Excellency Two years ago some English ladies, moved frith ibat'the Federal Council have addressed to the Gov- compassion for the multitudes'of beggars, formed an.ernment of his Majesty the King of Sardinia a note in association for the establishing of aoup nooses'in dif- which they demand' the maintenance of thestipula ferent parts of the city. They endowediftem lib- latione of the treaty of 1564, confirmed by the treaty erally/and took turns i n soj^ratendihg thein, to) of 1815 between Sardinia and Switzerland, in so far as see tbat the soup and bread which was furnished! they relate to the cession of the actual territory of Sa- gratuitously was wholesome and good. The n)em-voy to another Power. hers were all supplied with tickets o f adnaiajdon, " I am to add that my Government regards in a par-ticular manner any annexation o f the neutralized which they distributed t o the beggars as they mefj Provinces, Chablais, Faucigny, and'the Genevois, t o them in the, street. To their surprise, after &fever another Power, as in contradiction to the stipulations days, none'of this class came for their portion,'and!not in anger at Sardinia, but because they are /no Consulat et V Empire is published this day. Those therefore, abstain from replying to the communicationtricts; of Savoy Proper, Upper Savoy, JIaurienne, and TarehtaiBe believe they are fulfilling an imperious dutylished here. One old fellow without legs, or with but the poorest apologies for them, whoee stationi*longer wanted there, i t being, well understood that who have seen it in advance sheets represent it as which it has forwarded to us. Is this protest foundedfor the present Austria has no desire to renew, nor a fine ending of his great work. : • "':!• [J in right ? Is it founded in fact ? Such arethe questions of conscience and honor in laying before their King upon the stepsof the Piazza di Spagna;is'a man ofT whichitbehoovesustoexamineandtojolve,inorderandbeforetheSovereignofFrancearespectfulandproperty,andlatelygavehisdahghte**irpOnher juationafitieeandinmense deal of work to do at home in the way of died one day last week at:Neuilly. The posters to appreciate the character and value of the resolution Faucigny and the Chablais.: :r organizirgandunifyingthevariousnewmembers werealready,outOnthedeadwallsofParisan- takenbythe.HelvetlcGovernment." "Chambery.March20." . <of the kingdom of Italy. Tuscany, by the way, nouncing a Monster Concert of -600 Musicians, un- M. Thouvenel declares that the convention of ,1564, -The MonUewr does not give the signatures. partly to save Napoleon's feelings, partly out of re- der his leadership. Lent, a s you well hhOWr.'W. binding Sardinia not to cede Savoy, is. no longer in..- 'however, is a superior man, of.^eUa^'.^)ioi&keg .offabeaverhat.fromawell^oTTnedheadat.iheap- proach of every passer by, aDd in the moet.pJeasamV;,olly manner receives a copper o r a. refusal, and!f Vierna,hesays:,)\:];;.;,:...'••*,.,/..,..':•,::y\-'THESWISSPROTESTAGAINSTTHEAN-whentheday'swoTkisdone,rideshomeonbieowni aiatine(aboutarocd** ease Anstri* should attack i t The Italians spect to the intrinsic fitness of things, and certain high concert season in Paris; I do not knoity why, force; and, a s to the provisions of the: treaties; of«eleft-to ttsmselves; sincetheyhaveatamed Tuscanprejudices,will,itissupposed,beorganized unlessatb?n.danceatthemis,toberegardedafea,r."Thisarrangementhadforit*objecttocoverapor- > NEXA.TIONOFSAVOY. IJ donkey,withhisearningsi.r ?'*>'*•v',5t*&M&Zpeasants has beenforeign home, become capitally impressive and pe-cuniarily profitable. The numbers o f those whocome lip to Paris at this time t o get their musicalrank brevetted, is.great, and their nationalities cu-riously various. I copy from the deadfwull opposite, trary, it was imposed a s a charge on Switzerland, all brilliant with their blue, and yellow, and red which accepted is on onerous conditions.originally arranged with a view to the protection of the Swiss frcntier, which was sufficiently defended by an impassable barrier—that i s t o say, the neutrality proclaimed by agreement of the Powers. On the con-posters,.the melodious names of a few of the sweetsingers in and out of Israel: Nathan,Dombrowski, federation have for invoking the acts of 1815 in op- in the interest of Swiss reutrality, as if they were a n tickets tq the poor working people at a very cheap Koempel, Jeltsch, Tellefsen, Battu,- Szarvady, posing the cession of Savoy to France 1 The Council- integral part of the Confederation, and declaring:' that rate, who b y this means were enabled to keep acDame, and from other eloquent, but less noted preachers in other equally crowded churches, keepmay be gathered from the negotiations, establish the tbie question, shall have decided. factthattheCouncil-Generalinterposeswithoutlegiti-"Iavailmjaelfofthisoccasion,&c, -,"KEItN."strengthandagility,whoalwaysmoveuponarun.The President o f the deputation, Count Grefi<5 dement, we hear everywhere of peace. Austria declares people as this annexation o f Savoy and Nice. H e tary and commercial communication. T o demand Bellecombe, read the following address to his Majesty: or near Pavia; that France was sending arms and lays, the two batteries when united made an aggre-she will not attack Sardinia unless Sardinia should may say what h e diplomatically pleases about it,guaranties against an eventuality, of whicbthe occur- ," SIRE: I n approaching your Majesty a first senti- ammunition to Genoa; that these things portend gate of some 150 horses, and became an importantBishop Dupanloup's trial for libel, which wasjustAustria is preparing for war, and sending troops and begun when I was last writing you, closed on the sumed gratitude and sentiment as the one basis of the more her glory and her prosperity.France speaks only of the blessings of peace. B u tghese villa, and were drawn up in line in and around and this, o f course, was a step full o f promise to an immense amphitheater, the Artillery in the cen-officers to Ancona and to Naples; Sardinia orders a fourth day, with a n acquittal of the defendant. relations of States." "Sire, so many neutral bonds, so many glorious that part of the Peninsula. I n Rome, early in theAfter passing through their lines and reviewing-reminiscences unite Savoy to France, that she trem- ter. It was plain to notice the pleasure with which, Afterfurtherallegingthenecessityofacessionof bledwithhappinesswhentheaugustwordofyour week,itseemedtobeprettygenerallybelievedthat thesoldersreceivedGen.GovonwhenheearnerThe trial created considerable interest, a s w a swhile, not having armed last year, France cannot evinced by the crowd who persisted day after day Savoy and Nice to France in consequence of the ag- Majesty gave the hope to our country that she was something was to take place of importance this last upon the field accompanied by his staff", He is evi-ANEASTERNHi of even greater atr" IB a communication which is addressed before allthings to the good faitb of tho Cabinete of Europe, andwhich proves that which animates the Government of impulse—the fear o f seeing dismembered in favor ofthe Emperor, ought I to hesitate to eav.ihat, in reBtpr- Switzerland a nationality compact by affection and by risen straight with the ascendant, and supports itselfyers of the Paris bar, Marshal Magnan, the Minis-ter o f Worship and Education, Priuce Napoleon, ing Savoy t o Piedmont, i t was wished to constitute " The Provincial Councilors who represent Savoy day by day by a new batch o f material. And theand so forth. The proceedings of this tribunal (CourImperial) are not reported in newspapers; that is, (jackev.se) that situation was, we loyally resigned our- Pope as collecting,-at Ancona, raw recruits fromagainst it. I t will be passed by and by, since even tives of Eugene Beauharnais against the* printerTkt London Times is unable to alarm the English and publisher of the Memoirs of Marshal Marmont, legitimate interest. I n accordance with our require pleasure. The King of Sardinia having agreed to the considered safe for him to go to liis palace in Na-presented in this case. The trial of which I speak, England by pretending to be the mouthpiece of the made much noise here at the time, and was treatedshopkeepers, lawyers, and licensed victualers, have of at some length in this correspondence.found out tbat there is no danger for them to be fearedfrom the laborer s. The same families and influen ces The Ultramontane agitation, which never was sowhich have always had the monopoly of the highest deep a s t o stir the people much, a t least not in places, will retain that monopoly even under a still Paris, isjdying away. The condemnation of Du-of Nice t o France ra'ses no questions incompatible welcome the expression of your wishes. The circum- leon, and the supposition . which i s deemed the with the best-eetabliehed and the most rigorous rules stances under which this rectification of frontiers takes most probable is that he will accept the hospitality of public Jaw. I f the character, the laugaage, and place are so exceptional that{ a t the' same time that of Queen Isabel of Spain.the customs of the populations destined to bo united to they respond to legitimate interests, they do not jar Then there i s Antonelli. He escaped i n '49, in France, assure us that that • cession is not contrary to upon any principle, and consequently do not establish the disguise of a hunter. How ho will escape this their fte-lmga; if we reflect that the configuration of any dangerous precedent.more liberal franchise than that proposed by Lord John Russell.FRANCE.f N n Oar Owa CozTMpcndeixt.nanloup might have revived it a little, furnishing its leaders with a cry of martyrdom perhaps. B u tthe locality has intermixed their commercial and their polit:cal interests with our own; if we siy, lastly, that the Alps constitute the barrier which must exter-" In fact, it is neither by conquest nor by insurrec- tion that Savoy aud Nice will be reunited to Franca, but by the free consent of the legitimate Sovereign,time, or where he will go, I have not heard even suggested; at all events, he must take some care i n the disposal of his person* for the hatred against himthey have managed a bad cause badly; with the nally cepaiate Italy from Fran e, we may confine our- supported b y popular adhesion. Thus, everything, is deep and intense.national sentiment, and stubborn facts and 1860 selves to conclude from this that the new frontier to be which,in Europe doss not cede to a spirit of antago- Then there are the crowds of priests; they must against them, they never had a chance for victory. established between Piedmont and ourselves finds i t s nism of another period, looks upon this adjunction of of necessity make 4m exodus somehow aud some- The alliances they made with disappointed poli- sanction in the force of circumstances. It is not in the territory as natural ano just. The receptions given to where—a great swarm of black locusts, that, wher-ticians of the two monarchical factions and rene- name of the idea of nationality, it is not as a natural the communications addressed by my Government to ever they settle, will eat up every "green thing, every frontier, that we prosecute the adjunction of Savoy the Powers represented a t the Congress of Vienna,PARIS,March22,1860. gadephilosophersandanxiouscottonspinners,andofNicetoourterritory;itissolelyasaguaranty,authorizesforthemajorityofthemtoefoundedhopespringingshootandburstingbud.Preeiousgood A t last we are coming to a solution; Italian a f - render their downfall ridiculous—the worst possi- and under circumstances such that the mind caunot of a favorable examination. Autorisc pour la plupart enre do they take, even now, t o stay indoors afternightfall, for their uniform is not pleasant to the eye ol some fiery radicals.As to the herds of dirty monks, heaven only knows what they will do—probably keep quiet in their cloisters, the Capuchins cleaning the bones of theic deported companions, or inventing some new fan- tastic devise out of the ribs of brother Capuchins, and so.remain unmolested. !xThe Government here fully understands how shaky is its position. The signs are too unmistak- able to be misunderstood; and the Pope has given command to his troops not to attempt resistance iu tho anticipated revolution, but l e t it be, as far a s possible, a bloodless one.When the report reached him of the balloting incentury bull, set out with all his gala trappings, shak- been, newly built up, rebuilt, or refurbished, all over inow in what terms we opened this correspondence. eo many - bonds,: will become for i t a new cause of Tuscany and the Romagna, he is said to have shedble of French defeats.conceive thit they should reproduce themselves any- where else. I n one word, strangers to all views of aggrandizement, still more so to all ideas of conquest, our sole object is to obtain, in the name of the princi- ples of public law, that treaties should not be renderedde'entre dies la ruste esp6cance d'un examenfavorable." My friendship for Switzerland made me look upon it as possible to detach in favor of the Confederation some portions of the Territory of Savoy; but. in face of the repulsion shown among'you at the idea of seeingfcbs are really approaching liquidation; progress, in14»av. direction, has for the last few days baen rapid.Victor Emanuel has flally accepted tbe last offer ofParma, Modena, and the Romagnas—declares him-self very much attached t o the Pope, and to thepreservation of a becoming independence for him, not. Bishop Dupanloup is reported to have t h e tributed to efface, and that, as a security against the and ready to contribute to hia coorfc expense*—but promise of a Cardinal's hat; I forgot to place this dangers which t h e development o f Piedmont may accepts. Has the Pope, will the Pope set bis bull item when speaking of him. To return: Tho Mu- bring upon us in the fuiure, our frontiers should be upon him for so doing ? Despite reports to the con- nicipal Council of Paris—appointed and "inspired" fixed, by means of an understanding with the King ofdirectly by Government—voted, a t i t s last ses- Saxdinia, in accordance with the necessities of the com- trary, which seem to confound some minatory com- sion, the construction of three magnificent churches mon defense.munication from Rome to Turin with the bull »t- 1in newly-growing quarters of the city. They will ' The Government of the Eniperor, full of confidenceLast Friday was the Imperial Prince his birthday, celebrated, among other ceremonies, by mass in the Tuileriea chapel, performed by Grand Almoner Car- dinal Archbishop Senator Morlot, who resigns nonefor UBmore oneroos in a point in which they hod been a country dismembered, which has known how to cre- of his good places, as I long ago told you he would framed in dispositions which time, I hope, has con- ate for itself through centuries aglorious individuality," 1 hope, then, gentlemen, that I may soon consider •elf, I fear that Antonelli will not commit that blan- be very solid arguments against any Ultramontane in the weight of the considerations which it. could put you as members of the great French" family. I shall der. Itisapity—pity for the herd of sightseers insinuationoftheEmperor'senmitytotheChurch. forward,hasenteredintonegotiationswiththeCabinet makeitapointofhonortorealizeiUyonrwishes,and who have been flocking to Rome to see a nineteenth Similar arguments are being, and for ten years have of Turin on the subject of this important question. You the annexation of a country connected with France byingcrumpledhornsatCountCavour;pityforthethe Provinces." You are equally acquainted with the answer, and prosperity and of progress. tears a t his desertion b y s o many even o f ,the jou have seen that, receiving the obsai-vations which " VYhen you return to your fellow-citizens tell them priestly order, who proved themselves to have been-begun from Lombardy—not yet from Rome. B u t majority of votea only at a second trial. The ex- the reasons of necessity and of right which determine amination showed that his success was largely, i f our conduct will be fully appreciated by tlft British jt j* aaid that the Pope has desired that it should not wholly, owing to tho active circulation in the Government, seeing the sentiments of equity wh'ch in-from there; and, Napoleon, willing t o get out of district by himself, his friends, the prefect, and apire it, and the friendly spirit which directs its relations this long scrape, is said to have expressed his read- other Government officers, of extremely figurative with 1 ranee. It will understand that seeking feoaran-who have contributed to the illustration of Franco in which the Age insists shall be removed. He is an dition o f t h e peasants may ehortly become a n the career of science, as well as of arms, that every- accomplished f*ct, a n d that this; reform, may- thing concurs in explaining aiid justifying the Work of amiable man, judging from his looks, his words, and be effected without violence. Bat tbat cannot-Oe ot> union under preparation." . actions, but his lot-has .fallen in evil days for Roman taioed without certain sacrifices on your part. My de-The President then, addressed the Empress and the Pontiffs. ./.'••'• ' • ' • , : - , . • • ' ' * | ;-'''.'' sire is to renderthese sacrifices as little onerous as pos- mm:-.me**towithdrawonconditionthatAustriabind statements,extremelydamagingtohiscompetitor. tiessolegitimatewoshouldenterintoarrangements PrixceImperialasfollows: ,OnWednesdaynightlast,therewere"smallhand- sibletothenobility.Ihaveoiusedasketchotyourwith Sardinia to settle the necessary acts and dis- bills posted up all over the city, calhng for a vote labors in the capital to be prepared, and your duties herself not to interfere in his place. The Pope's The case looted so badly at the outset of the ex- pcfcitions. By circumstances mostfre.qu»ntly independ- " Madame—Will your MajeBty allow those who will upon tho question of annexation o f Rome itself t o are defined in it in a positive mannerv You h%ve been, Mtion i*» that a Neapolitan shall succeed the French amination, that the unluckily successful Govern- ent of their will, Governments have not always suc- soon be your now subjects t o express to you, onthJB Sardinia, and Thursday morning was spent by the eommoiled here to reply to the questions which shallbeaddressedtoyou.Moreover,ifyouconsiderit police in pulling them down. r ^ Eewseary to add your own propositions and your per- The restriction upon the use of tobacco, which eonal opinions, you ban do so officially; and t Shall be This would ne really leaving Italy t o the IUlians, withdraw t h e case. S o they went on, and con- intelligence of reciprocal interests; and it is thus that Prjnces. How could it fail not dearly to'love you. en- the Liberals imposedupon themselves and upon the informed of them. Act, then, m accord, attitriated byKing of Naples, being stupid enough t o coincide. vestigating Committee; resign or not, you cannot others than those o f justice enlightened by a healthy •y Savoyjs an ailectionate land. Madame; it loves itswho would be likely, in such case, t o take posses- cluded with a report declaring the election invali- actsintended only to secure peace have sometimes only dowed with so much grace and virtue7 community, generally,; .haviug been in force a week, one single feeling—the public ^ood- I fcnWtiiat a b - lionofsomepartsofitnowheldbyAatmellidatedbythemaneuversinquestion,whichreport,hadforresultthesowingin,thepoliticalBystemof "Savoyhopesthatyouwillalsoloveit,andthatyouwasremovedlastSaturday;also,atthesametime,sirdreportshaveb>en<m-cnlaaed,whichhaveproba- after some speech-making, i n which the sinning fresh seeds of difficulty and complication. The com- will soon give a precious proof 'thereof by showing their opposition t o the purchase of lottery tickete bly, reached your ears. It was pretended that'^he no-to ours."She—Tour Majesty will appreciate the reserve and a general contempt expressed for the wholepany of a dozen men taken from the ranks, who had And can Europe, on its side, tninkit just that, in addi- Government o f the King, we may, doubtless, b e So much for rumors. At the same time we are signalized themselves sufficiently t o receive this]uponus,shouldbeaddedthatofarStateofwhichthe thesentimentsweentertainforFrance,nearwhich these,andthemostimportantone,isthatthe publicacknowledgment. \force will have tripled in the couree of one year ? I n Savoy will find not only grandeur and glory, but also French Embassador here has informed the Govern- He kissed each man upon both cheeks, shaking inviting the modification of the treaties upon this point, the sympathy and safeguard of all her moral and mate- ment that it must prepare f o r the removal, of the them by the hand with the greatest apparent cordi-we in some sort confine ourselves to asking that one of rial interests. ality, omitting only the tapping upon tbe shoulderas the Bishop, on provocation, freely attacked i t - their stipulatioas may not acquire, beyond even the " From the shores o f Lake Leman to the valleys of French troops at an early day; immediately after with his sword. ' r .,all in the way of fair fight. wish of the Powers which subscribe tbem, a bearing Mont Gtnis those who have been honored with the Easter is the time specified. If this removal shallThedecisionseemstomeequitableenough;thatmoregrave,andasensemoredisadvantageous.Ivotesoftheirfellow-citizenshavehastenedtoyourtakeplace,andthereisnodoubtthatsuchacom- hasten t o add that the Government of the Emperor Majesty to express tbe joy that Sivoy will feel when munication has been made, there will b e a grandThe effect of this ceremony in exciting emulation among the common soldiers cannot be over-estim- ated,anditisbysuchcareinrewardingmerit,and at the same time by opening the highest offices to all who will earn them, that makes the French army the best in the world. The review closed in adrizzlingrain,whichseemsa chronic complaint of this climate; and so in mud and rain and martial music and the roll of artillery-wagons and the tramp of armed men, we loitered back again to the city, glad to have seen a body of men got up for service and not for show, who have fought, and will fight again if necessity requires. - > : &. s .EXCOMMUNICA TION OF VICTOR EMANUEL. The Toxin correspondent o f the Press*, of Paris, says that on Friday evening, March 17, the epiacopal -court of Turin, a s likewise all the episcopal courts of the kingdom, received the text of the excommunicationpronounced by Rome, on account of the annexation of the Romagnas. On Friday evening this document? was taken by the grand-vicars of Monsignore Franeoni (still absent at Lyons) to the*Minister of Justice. O n Saturday the Council of State, duly informed of it, declared the bull null and void, and prohibited the publication of it, on account of its not having received the royal exequatur. It is said that a decree is abaatto appear to this effect.RUSSIA.THE EMPEROR OF RUSSIA. AND THE SERFS. A letter from St. Petersburg of March 13, sup^Ues.us with tic text of the Emperor Alexander's reply to the Deputies from the Committees for emancipating theterls. The Emperor s&vs:" GxNTi.KMEX: I shall begm by once more express-ing gratitude to the three Governments o f Lithuania, which instigated the discussion of this interesting que<- tion. I think it necessary to repeat to yoa, gentlemen, what the Marshals who are among you have already learned from me. You are aware, gentlemen, how much this i affair interests me, and how mttsh iteaftecta my heart; audi ameertaintbatitiaasdeartojoaaaRousseauwasanuncommonbadoneforaBishop, doesnotwishtoobtain'theguarantywhichitdemands sheshallbefullyreunited(r€unie) toFrance,and clearingoutfromthiscityassoonasthesolemni-and the editors of the Steele had not treated the Russell proceeds quietly with his Reform bill, for Bishop s o gently that it became them, with dailywhichnobodycares;greatspeechesaremadeon whetheritisgoodinlaw,Ican'tpresumetosay;both sides in a thinly-attended house; there is no en- but it certainly does seem in striking disaccord with thusiasm for the bill, and no considerable resistance a decision given in favor of the family representa-publicaboutthewickedtransferofpoliticalpower ments(convenances), andwiththewilloftheKingof princpleofthereunionofSavoyanioftheCountyof ples,audit wouldbe eminently unpleasantfor from the middle classes to the working classes.. The when the charge of defamation and the defense Sardinia, and without CDUtraventionof the general in- Nice to France, I may, without any dereliction of in- him to stop, with the eldest son of the church, Napo- metis, tbat the aristocracy who have hitherto ruled rested respectively on grounds \ery similar to those terests of Europe, the cession of Savoy and the County ternational duty, express t o you my sympathy, aud"While the Continent is thus disturbed, Lord Johnexcept from the free oue6nt of the King o f Sardinia when she may always have with that great aud noble ties of Holy week are ended, and the French troops and of the populations. The cession whici will be made nation but one cry, that of ' Vive V EiApereurV ' Vive move in marching orders. . First, the Pope mustopportunity to reply, to be so sensitive to his abuse;will therefore remain exempt from all violence as from.8llconstraint. Ourfirmintention,moreover,issotoarrange it, as far as the territories of Savoy, subject toan eventual neutralization, are concerned, so a s notto injure any acquired right, and not to affect any havejust expressed toward me, aud I receive you with ing a retreat for the Holy Father. It would not bela France!'"go—-theVaticanwithitsfourteenthousand noomsThe Emperor replied as follows:" G^NTLEMKN: I thauk you for th9 sentiments you. the Castle of San Angelo. Surmise is busy uT find-and thus give itself a national history, i t is natural to declaie^thatl will not constrain the wishes of the populations to the profit of o-hers. As regards the political and commercial interests, which unite certain portions of Savoy to Switzerland, it will be easy, I think, to satisfy them by special arrangements.IUhan cause, when, as in other causen, i t is highly The Legislative Body has just been doiug itself a we have put forward, the Sardinian Government, has how much I have been touched by the manifestation of men before they were Roman Catholics. He i s it is to me. I have but one object—the happiness o i desirabletohavepositionsclearlydefined.Teelittlecreditbyits-examinationanddecisionofadis-shownitselfdisposed,atthepriceofavoluntarysacri-whichyouhavebeenthehonorableorgans.Therehavingadrearytimeofit;hehasthem'sfortunerovErepire,andIamconvincedthatjouhaveno beggedaquiethomeward movement o f the French troops has puted election. I h e member elect got the requisite fice, to accept their contequences. I flatter myself that are among you so many descendants of those families to consider, i t his duty to support a n institution other. I desire that the improvement, o f the con-The steamship wi before tbe invalid: and devoted wife from that thne^ she band, but a ruinieneeded her gentleDKATHOF,AS on the pbmtatic Jones County, G be brought to this|.HelandedinCI SLowtber family i | twelve ye^rs, aniyears since. F )Savannah, and stthissectionabout|of reliable peiaot IUMIKingFrancis.This,again,seemsalmosttoo binationofwhichsuchjastandsuchpowerfulmotivesyourselfamongus. ^'•^•m^m^M}.f' waswithdrawn,andnowtobaccoissmoked,asbadbiWybadiostmyconfidence.*Jtis^alse:$kynoat- issupposedtohaigood to be true. Meantime alt accounts represent prefect was hardly entreated by the orators, was now authorize us to desire the realization is, on the "Andyou, Monseigneur, you who are,destined to in quhlityand a s great i n quantity's ever, and tention to these reporta, but ptose your Wth in me.the misgovemment of the actual King of Naples a s adopted by the House. Another trial of like kind, contrary, so conformable to:tli,er:general interest that it continue so much greatness, our children will be as de- gambling in lottery tickets is as brisk aa before the ' " A t the eommencemenVTaid^ssea^Mys^to thebut where the interference of administrative o f - is necessarily required, we are confidently persuaded, voted to you as we are to the Emperor, your glorious nobilitv; in(full confidence * now address %veelf uworsethantbatofhisfather. Heha*latelygone ficialswasmorestrikinglyexaggerated, isnow tomakepartofanysystemwiselyconceivedanddrawn father. Assoonaswereturntoourmountainswewill movement. you,withthesamebeliefthatyouwillrealizemy«ofarwithsrrestnof'*suspectedsubjects,"andgoingon upwithJoresight.Itfinds,therefore,itslegitimacyinmakethemringwiththeshoutof'ViveI'Empercui.;' Ithasamountedtdnothing,exceptasadomon-pectat'ons. TheMinisteroftheInterior,andCoex*of his death.•'«K'$%.m?*•'AflYxnptoms of unrest have broken on so patently in1, v v i •+ • the absence of aU clashing with the requirejaent3 of Vive le Prince Imperial.'" stration against the Government by attacking two j Panin, whom I named President o f ^ e C^maaesloa ia|-;V>bile i t i s pamful t o learn from tbe study of I our own situation.W e flatter' onnelves that tbeThe deputation then handed to tho Emperor various principal sources o f its revenue, and this i s all, 1 place o f Gen. Roskoffeoff, know my ideas and ntyf Untitled Document?as ,*T«t;'MLmm e 'MP." "VVhat foundation, after this, can the Helvetic Con- of the treaty of 1815, which guarantee these Provinces, it was found tbat they made a habit of selling their(Signed)" THOUVENEL.".SPEECH OF LOUIS NAPOLEON.The Moniteur o f the 22d publishes the folio wing" I n the mean time, add with reference siderations'which I had the honor to explain to you in the audience which you were good enough togiant me onthe13thofMarch,myinstructionsimposeonmethe duty of protesting formally, in the name o f the Swiss Confederation, against every measure which may haveby reports of their entire lack of military discipline,cannot hold him when the French no longer; hold»8ff*ft!'ffi;„ <«-r.M*WV»**'ny^*il,-,„.•.,.-,•,,.,••.,.—..A^Y^|j()ftfcM||Mj Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069vwww.fultonhistory.comiiiminiill IIIIIIIIIIIIIII II. t,.. ,in.,.. ..I,ft<,,S4*tw,t•*- - -„-.>^ ,. -•• 