mm[^ w\!t%m^mMim. VKWtTaBK. MONDAT, KOY. 19, 186t. TBB NXW-TOKK TISIBS.Pnlillahcd In Um Timu BoiUins, frontliis the Citjthan either the Governmentpreviously possessed.orthe had Thefearthathelly,wouldnothavebeenchossa."Gov. Walkeb is by no means the inventorHallfuk,OBPark-row,SpruoaandNuaaaau.signed.erery that country, however, the pesence of a repre-sas, had given a hundred dollarsfortheiras to We arewith an which theroads, especiallywiththeOint Manancx ib CnvA ATte ireW-TOEK TIIIKS (Dulljr) U pabltahwJaonlncaad oT«nln»-Prioe Two Oiim, fePTod at wJi sentative of this country is greatly to beunquestionably, much moreletter frdCian a w««k. mallMl Six Douabs a year. TheNBW-TORK TIMS (8«»«-W«kly)-!«»"^^<:<iwf/!>rTh, NBW-YORK TIMES (W«»>;>-^i "^^ "o^lAU. ^» ^K'wn w*",-^ "~r f^a apt /or km- North it excites as yet but very little feeling.Obviously,portotliatwe^ein circulationtwo eoplo. u, on. »rt->r«. tor f'^ ""g'"^: to»«V'"^assertion of the fact, actual copy of the orderu«. a j«arMrMtr> m4» iwrniK "» »TaAmerican citizenswithoutproperprotectionatacritical emergency. The canae of Mi. Waan^ tem-;strengthened upon«j^u«. •"S.«««L*^,fi^ "ctergy^«it th. low»tpeoplegeneral thing,— poorHeubt Wamb lecture of tbe season. tUs ei5;::^rfi;::i»«X"rw.^onap^c.tM.l«th. restsarenot TOKTnreSFOE CAUTORNli to pubaHl-lThereisavastinterior that countryAn^nn.....,.^ ^ .^S:;^^ A»»aiiOVVhow Iiowprofitiesa has been Iiis tortuoiis Ter-*ffl retrfnZm,^ to H. J. KATlfOTOinduced to cast their lots in a region so inhos-officergiven,ft CO., p,„«MaM of the M»w-YoBt Tnot. »«w-Yo«fc Citj.""'• whoJ.1 '^^:°^^^. &ithI,iy4KmravTBKATBE-^snraanraaar— movementasfactitiousandempty—as so aiming valuable an aid to reflection as the result ofmaspiecefolly.recentlysubject of omsh anxietvtoumTtm.4\I^there cannot be ly interfered with at thisifnan, departed suddenlyThBrada7,^irSaatnoUeeA>a—In oneon geatle-It,W UHME ftAXOW—Tu HoxnaooM—rooiia An or in sm<Ae. In the on tbe theSsxon is energyof thosi gay fte^*»T^Mmerely at political results, and certain to end City, contrary,the Presidential canvass is added to his mate- riid ofjudgment.astir,WAUJUJK^T^tAXU—I^TiutsHonT—BuKU. apprehensionsrnioin. —— to leave little room for coolBut the adnUtting sincerityofMr.Buchas-oorps Mr. Caxi AEiuasu.B0HAU8' GAl-LBBT, No. saB Broadway—Td " Cnr- UBUA"PiCTOal.gantic proportions In the public eye. Boththesemistakesaretoberegretted,misgovemment— Drought is not a visitation of Presidents butthe steamship Yanderbilt, which arrived atthis port yesterday, we receiTe four clays' later Enropean advices. The Italian news is important,and, snnuned np briefly, announces the total defeat Cityits Music has emplifying operattons.redeemed from plebein associations. MoiABT, Ac, were rather llow people,Bysee more signs ot- hope for the future. There suchare thousands and tens of thousands in thet>eeB too Utile Haibbl, Baoa,vran poisued to Gaeta, and, at latest accounts, theassumingformidableproportionsfnumbers of families must be dispossessed ofto the fear of that we now Republican rivalry— that town. King Tictob Bkamuil was to enter in favor of it,tifM aid affairs in that distracted Repoblio Georgia does not aecede before that time. ofthe St. Lawrence, and atietches away un- aige. Bad this plan been adapisd, Lncaii^ propa- ^'ftie charge of^^^^^^^^^^^ Secession—A Sonthem Convention— Amendment to the Constitution.movement towards secession in profound anxietydesired.of the Lawrence, bettreen Quebec andThethe South is watched within this City. In the rural sections of theMontresi, there are only a fewmoney was obtained. Less than this would French Canadian villages which have re-scheme.Thepopularunprogressivepublic The rejection of this^ will not reaign seems to have intem^tedly to the Hudson's Bay. Thethe Jury. Willtreaty by the Senate, and the refosal of the ing in the Union. \amned IftheOtauRKonkandBxBTOH, immediately after the election ofdiarged, though tbe la\iPresident to take any further steps in the mat-townships.had veryablystrenuouslyadvocatedbyOol.deploreIs Ii t matters look bright or gloomy, from one day ration which our venerable Executive hasthe south side was properly selected. If, on the other hand, an extensiou of the Grandto consult a barom-South Candina, If we are to place reliance apon eter, or study the sky, to know what the this land was ascertained to belong not toa tcd^ram which reaches us from Washington, weather will be a month or three months Kaaaas hot to the IndianIn connection with musical matters we are happy to announce that the brilliant critic and coaiposer, regular organ- far, we think, to reconcile thfc intelligent and Mr. W. H. Fey, has recovered from his recent severe ization invariably pulling tbe wires, electing ressectable portion of our citizens to the loss illness, and may be found each day at the aocostomedBiodttces at least one prominent man who has notBMn canied away by the mad wave of disunion-ten, which is at present sweeping over the State.Territory. Seeingdo not offer him a higher price.It would gohas for Bill, by something over 200 goneevening gagement.majority. Six counties only remain to be heard from, but theyand one united German gutturalfrom a thousand throats.prietors of German theatres determined to testOnMondayneit Mr. Edwih Booia will as Hamlet.cannot change the general result, as already in- dicated.wentupIn the Board of Canvassers, on Saturday, thedispute about the vote of the First Ward was set-tled by affidavits in which the alleged discrep-ancies were satisfactorily explained. The Twelfth proper steps be taken to give full effect to their de- Ward was canvassed and found to be correct. In cision,";wasmadethespecialorderforto-day. There-—at such a result for years, who would con- minished rigor.—assured, assect, the public devotional exercises of whichAt Wallack's, "Playing With Fire" will this week be sandwiched between benefits. Onturns of the Eleventh District of thecandidatesfullythey;main to be canvassed.In the Court of Oyer and Terminer, on Satur-superfluousSaturday,The Stock Market onState Securities by 3®6 ^theorytherecanbenowayofdispensingwithsuch Severaloftheirnumber were one of indicted,~'. , .Its success found them.rence,ingsupport,will beheorion that the wonla Treasury Departmentreport repay pe- proposed Conven- to prove, first, that his client sued forbeyondone-half theoriginal sums subscribed"Taxpayers'bor- masses. "-was ling from the gaUny drowned flie SRbestra, aad a that riot or two raged in the parqnette. Re rase ia rattlewith the oceasKiu, sad ia dallfaace delighted rompedpales with the storm. His wtalrers said ke never playedThe severefte great difficulty experienced in sellingto vnAdraw from the the Old Public Union. Thiera can be no difficulty in devisingpressureMoney Market, andpermissionFimcti(Q^ary. ThbGbahdTbcneBailwat.—in thebe refused,on suchascheme. IftheseveralStateOonveurSaturday. Flour, Wheat and Corn were lower, and^uite dull. Groceries were lightly dealt in.moderate faquiry for prevailedelsewhere quoted, the London Times enume- wUlrates the causes that have led to the financialruin of this gigantic enterprise. Some are Let each party, therefore, make its own nom- of defence in this Theatretrue enongh but others are singularly inappli-;Cotton, at irregular jstes. Froviuona were inactive, as were also mostMonday heladles, however, playsran^'not only bytJie ccnninon voice of the country, Mr. McLanbmen can possibly be Elkctiko a Peesident.—The Louisville (Ky.)obrious pablicbutbut honest and elected.worthydefendant'sback firom Mexico a convention, the conditiona of wliich were infinitely more favor- i»bIo to our interests than there had been anya necessaryconstitutionalityevening, the first c^^faiOBgbtTihne »a"u"l'e-nce was largehence.One thing is evident :waswas actually in the occupancy of the whites,Georgia, we learn that the bill appropriating a mil- has been to call Conventions and submit the cial theof of those who employ them. The soUd men of " New-Yorkers" as he would take fightinglion of dollars to arm and equip the Stateblunder,people,yearconservatism is at work among the people of the South Carolina, will decide to secede on the were notobeyed, apparenUy,gramme of performance. On Monday, for the first because the are never slow in appealing to the brass- cry was raised recently when the State Legis- time, the " Honeymoon" and the dying scene ofState. Hon. Alexakdeb H. Stephens, on Wed,lature enacted a law for the of Queen Katharine ; on "Guy Mannering ;"Eighteenthotherwise the Ward was cur in tliis view of tiie case. But whateveron Sun- to an day, while the individual virtues it inculcatedWard could not be foundfoundtobecorrect. OnlythreemoreWards—Twentieth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-second re- which such a can be accomplished,consisted of theatricalperformancestwenty. OcHiatitotion of the German Shaker Association," State fromand theatres continued their Sun-"may be found in our legal column.but which are withoutOn Mis, Miadayvras lower on mayrelease them all.suchHoar Invites to "an home" hsr many Meods. Her benefitnightisafestivalwhichNew-Yorkddigfatsto^thevote for a in good Republicanpreferenceone ofand the copious guzzling of lager-beer. In- nu can almost alone attract. The pursdl ofAnycent., in consequencf give Congress power to abolish the Constitu-Saturdayof some forced sales for Western account, where tion. Nor can the several States assent toobserve,oslywell-know to the Land-office, a wide belt ofdirectly—the movement is toothat the landnot wantedfor and Indians,;induced the State to thinkof remain-south aide, on the States territory, and iaextends to Unitedwith flirivingprob«-y^gi*Sff1rT suppoae there ia UtUe|The President's The statementVASNUIPS WTSEVtt^Dax and Inning—WuT —i«(ic Ganrau—Boa Euiu.aOOI.n' * OAMPBKLL'S, NIUo'i Saloon—SimoFiiaXtb—TBI TBiiTTAnoii An tbb BzruLsioB. City could look at the matter a little more tion made in a entiUed to peoplewhollyunabletosupportthedeficiency quarter certainlysecession will not bewithout,atleast,one "Sob Paaquale," to follow at the on Friday, the SU.—Ansttia abroad a circolaii note, in which he makes unanimous for secession, on the other,possessingpreparedtoconcedeThesteamshipAtlantic,Capt.'Jt&AY,leftonSat- dictingthefuture. Menreadthetelegramsat noon, for Southampton and Havre, carry- and chance speculations of the morning news- "heisnot all Ibe Allied demands.peace, thoughyetto another. The whole public mind is fever- thought proper to make. The ills which Kan-;item of compensation.As to the military education of Capt. Rth-DEBs, those who best know the hero aver that it was not acquired in the dull routine of Westish— alarmed andasaTrunktotheNorthPole was the mainmatterof course, the smallest incidents assume gi- theobject strong arguments might be brought forward in favor of the north side.On the Monday eveningo'clock.If sweet things of song look somewhat o'ereaatapprehensive,sas endures are very largely derived fromsomeHnrCTanovfamDj' give a concert at the same place, eommeoebig at tkand treat it more seriously, the City would the cost ofpopular self-protection,boolcs and pencils.Since then, with the oc-million three hundred thousand Neapolitan votes anything that threatens disunion. It is due to andentirelywithin the reach of official inter- factions. It would have even yet worserelated to human pugnacity.He has directedthat refinement and «ni«iif,i el^aice in oamposltiOBwhich high birth alone cam give. For thesein ttyat of annexation to Sardinia. The Piedmont- them, certainly, that such perils should bewhose—"tboogfamovements ofof States, publicmeet-for the thevariousDistrictstocombineallthreere-property,ately subjected to. Nor is this Executive de-intotbe clutches of"ninety rats in sixty seconds,"Ing clever,—— whose incomes,be simplyernment, without contest,ezeeed- coasldfrlng ;" and the English peoplerelief, isdemand more thanDemocratic than thein anotherTheregard it merely with curiosity. Their inte- the only reflection that must 1iave canted sparse—of the interior, as a'populationthe land barren. thatandtheirownattacliment to the Union is so tuquestioning set of liis Administration, with so much lightgrows.Um>TMSdirectly involved,;Idoubt to the mind of the reader. In the sttn- more and more dreary as it isandsincere,thatthey^onotrealizethepossl- biiity of mybody's c6ally wii^ing to destroy it. They go quite as much too far in one di-!Ithrown back upon his public career as toThe name of tbe but -Ifnother dispatch pitable. All tbe setttements on the north describes liim aa "a prominent New-YorkAmnsemenu.—• » ttla Bvevtac*gABPlH—Hainw. errors,rection, as our excitable City population go inthat the mistaken ChiefCaptain" MmmJ^'li^Z^ o^Monday. tb^asth.operstte orehestra. whosTiwen^bility the other. They do not believe tbe Sonth at hismay appreciate to make some amends"tended. Between ttiis uninviting territory among us who cotild be .e^>able of any ductor of theall in earnest; they look upon the wholeand for the wrongyearn'—Tamrenii un> Ouov. news from the South as if it were to seal tbe hail deeds in a goodBSITBBTTHXATBX—SraumakSoaiu'Cisoua. fateofthenation. Stocksgoupordown,as remainsto onlyofdisunionaresoexcessiveaswheretbe soilport,together naturally make the illustrious Captain desir-fortheBfevana,whereheproposes oiganlzlag aand com-aw BOffXRT THIlTKB—Tn SoinOLO un> lu mon sense. Men await every Iiour's fresh ble confidence with which we are bound tojudgmentAs's with that broad and charita- penitence,aIf the road was built for the or-passedinto tbe hands of|•of treasonableproves as ttie country is penetrated, and that the Slave-trade has, of late, been aeriona-—is fertilebeen tbewhich occasionally overtake this Indomitableevidentlyso improbable ordinary proof.the Canadas passes The Times writer isthoroughlypresent State would everShanghai,column, refutes theand vindictivethe affairs of the Territory have been deliber-Noand all she waits for is to on the fought, struggled and endured,meiH isPiedmontese had occii[ned positions commanding one doubts that South Carolina is thorouglily their homes, for which tiiey have so long owe any respectable nominations made by thesavagemismanagementcasional diversion of a canine combat, or theseriouslyoonlzaiy,of this mode ofRailwaythe north bank, there to the effect that Mr. Bn- would have been no connection with thevdved, including theBounty to Kansas.In the present condition of affairs in CHAKAN, touched with the sufferings of Kan- American and one repeatedly, from that tfane to this, by varionaconstitntion^fc iter, rendered Mr. McLake's mission compara- tively useless, and he has accordingly re-been constructed onlaw, win probabfy beand has carried to|;|ji!';AsAXS in to Portland, over wh oh all the commerce of persons.1824,It is,been brought forward* Courts.deemedre- here some weeks accordingly furnished with an authoritative he attempts to describe. On the north bank thus dissipate her strength in the election of since, that onr Minister and tbe Americannot have answeredmorseless malignity with which the PresidentToo Good to be Tme.of Sonth Carolina, it wouldm4 said to have originated hSiaMliee..haspursuedIhatiiyutedastationary>ibr centiuy, and will notTliat the Inveterate and re-porary absence isfully explainad,tbewhotepeople,yielded to any more placable sentiment is IbtThe climate isin The Empiretelegraphshouldhave come.—arctic the the City.announces officer" of New^Torkthe repa- inadequateingtoDdlilakm,oader Broofcljm IHiiiiiimaof this administration. contemplated,TheCityElection. flOITPIL'SGALLBRT,Vo.713Broadway-Adamaitofortheymutuallyassisteachother.Ifthededtbebadharvest,andwhichrendersthe Wemustdissentintotofromthesugges-Thefirststrickenfieldshesaw,werethoseintirightenontbeotiierside.InqieaUngoftheJ*rinceOAMAL-BTBKKT—No. sas-WDnoOK'l rui aAUiBT coolly, the country would have more sympa- ofis well known to have some authority, that tbe Republican organiza-game speciesmany of the English peperarmentlon wifliofProvidence butthe wliichprece-PAint or other anyitistothatthe proqMett of mosls of^oijc.breadstuffs,prids (what and U^ily;military academy.pleasantof Wales' visit to the FhUadelpbla Academypovertyhere,feelt> On, Padrdim. thy with its real perils. And if the countryNEWSOFTHEDAY. wouldappreciatethemovementmorejustly bywhichpropertyandlifehavebeenheld,and nominationsforthevariousImportantoffices likemilitarygeniusstoodbywith thelustretol>ehereafterahedovertheadaiiae.oftei-originated chieflyprecariouscaagrttnlaie tbeoiselves oa betting- mony from his skill in Investlgatlsg its oalois and ex-in thetenure tions of our City should make no regular incident to to be filled at the December Election. Suchas abstinence on the side of the Republicansspurs, while Rtndxbs and other heroes of vated musical genius,all the belli-of the Bourbon army, and the polling of one whose business are disastrously affected by linquency merely historical. At this moment, one or other of the contending Democratic gerent experiences of the gallant Captain have appear, from ttielr tone, to have long felt the waat ofreasons, spectacle of a Prince destined to step inward in eae and Garibaldian army, under the command of recognized if they exist, and cease to be beneath two conspicuous evils. The lands of freed from any fear of Republican competition, efforts to blacken the and the this handsome way to the relief of Art, most be aKing TiGTOS Ehandu., croaaed the Garigliano on treated as empty dreams while they are de- the are thrown into the market at a would of necessity have to vie with eacheyes disfigure noses of all adversaries at primary elections.tlie 3d, and attacked the Boyalists, gaining a most Territory stroyingthehopesandthehappinessofwhole momentwhenthesettlersareleftwithoutlike Mr. AdonisHe has been the steadfast patron of the sinew- ditional incentive to men of his class for attendancepositionthematter of rejoicing uncommon to all admlrenofsic. More than eighty years have elapsed since Faa>- exporing his own sacred person to danger. laioE II. played the flute. From that period a loneWhether such as these are of andqualifications dreary interregnnm took place In mnaleal histoiy,the kind South Carolina needs in a "great during which we meet only such names as Hatsb,and correction, Kansas isgroaningresults ;for the Democraticfactions,the muscular politicians of one faction, in theirGerard,andproveaaad- of prisoners in tlie hands of the conquerors. They It is idle to deny that the secession move- their improvements ; and, of course, large dates directiy selected out of that class. It is suspected himself ot any undue rashness in Few and far alas ! have been such triumphs of mu-otherinappealstothesympathiesoftheveryleft baggage, ammunition and an immense number communities. means to secure their preemptions and save lowest class of voters, by nominating candi- men and bruisers of politics, though never at opera.complete victory. The Boyalists dispersed, and anyof Democratic Once let tills fear be re- Party.moved, and we sliall see Enrights and Devlins put in nomination from one end of the Qity to the other.The object which all good citizens shouldlabor to secure in the December contest, isthe election of honest and reputable men to South Csrdlina as a manLegislaturegratuying annoonee- ment Doubtless,oOierembryomonarchswillfollow the control of our Public Schools. We quite a man well qualified to prevent any adverse this ezampler-Evexan's young hope of France, fo a&BS of Italy was agreed upon, and that the ever, a very strong party in that State, as|also tory, lies some of the most productive soil of agree with those who say that integrity and demonstrations of opinion at the primary instance. Wesetnollmlts tooorezpectattoislatUsverge Haides on th? Bth inst. It is now said that the ascertain whether she will be sustained by a Winter which threatens to be more than or-at the we cannot UoiAsi, BuTaovu and pea{de of Out class, until biAnataians have suddenly ceased to send troops to-wards the Lombard frontier, and it Is surmisedthat, since bis &ilure to obtain promises of aidfh>m Bnsaia and Prussia at Warsaw, the £inperorkaa leUn^uished his aggressive designs. CountBxcHBXBO has addressed to the representatives of the one side i is represented as nearly show that something worse than routineduae Kottiiem Conrta would do nothing which in Alabama and Mississippi, in its favor. But the West. The free settlers early hastened•aptaln"present emergency,181S we find tbe most »—^ in En- accompUsbed r*-**—other Southern States. As to the state of dinarily severe.in commoacitizens,nottodelayanypromotion hmgIntervalhaselapsedsincethen,aniSisaitthe most im- arrive at any satisfactory conclusion. OnBut, all decentdesiringearoestlj,wjtJi GlOBSBIT.,playtegtheInssfiddle. Another TApe,—ay.sentiment inportant of these States It is not easy to of official routine, might perhaps, be palli-publicGeorgia —This avalanche of misery, the apparent fruitasit dea^f nndetstood that non-intervention in the certain to vote against it. There is, how- border of Kansas, adjoining the Indian terri-both Boards of the Common Council, and to great experience of the sort described also as ;migiitpnviAeawar. Anofficial decree, signed^Sabibau)!, confiscates the property of tbe Ei-uw^H^tes. Amongthe miscellaneousnews ancetothereportsthatcomefromdaytoday xBcclTeJ by this arrival is the announcement of the ofdeath of Admiral Sir Cba&lis Nafiib. A dis-patch from Lord Elqik, British Ambassador to ings, privateChina, states that the Emperor of China desires <)ec., as if these incidents could decide any-capacity are the requisites for civic trust, and elections which areit isperfectlythither, and protected bythe firstboundary the landirinj- epsnf hand,AntaigUs. Conceive of some partonne thus dIasiiariH Aulas EswabdVlasteffort. Tbeopera,onthewlwlewisaidle to attribute great import-that of conviction should similarity politicalbe held as a minor consideration. But is itshortlypurpose of choosing members of the SecessionConvention. LetBtmdebsbeonhandwitii twelve hundred of such Short-boys as are bisto come. It will be quite an ordinary te thli^in those declarations,ofraisingtroops,Republican organizations inated,if anotheraccompanyingfact did notmon hands into wliich it had fillmi, thii Rossinis, BeUlnls, Terdis and Frys,—when suddenlywe are exhilerated this most byto be held for the matter, and doubt not. In some quarter ot a eoitaryis at the bottom of it. Along the Southernbuilt their houses, andunder cultivation, and were enjoying a impossibleandsurveyputunknowninotherdegree of pjrosperitytions of the Territory, and greatly envied by quisites in one candidate ? Or is there anyusual companions, and should any of the succes destinie.por-QoT. AlkxH is declared to be opposed to it ; and deliberate not to be serious. Hasty action, it might have been supposed that the gentiest their own President and officers, and finally of South Carolina's sisterhood, if Gov. Gist desk.this, taken in connection with the fiict that he is rash violence, has been carefully avoided. All measures would have been employed to conducting "the business" of such meetingin would enter into bonds and to This week there is nothing new under the theat-One of the largest, if not the largest, slaveholder give secarity in the South, may be considered significant. From that has been done thus far in any of the States, recover the tract. Victims of an offi- a manner to suit themselves and the interests hire Rtsdees and twelve hundred of suchrical sun. Miss CuSHMArr to a close one of the bringsmostlengthened and brilliant engagements aa dra- matic record, and opens at Boston on Monday, 2Bth.carried tweitty-foar "matter to the action of the people throughby both branches of the Legisla-become a law, and on Saturday the Con- their delegates. It is obvious that upon the haveprovMes that the election of delegates shall take will turn. We are not prepared to believe seem to have made this onstration. That class known as " the roughs" place (m the 2d of January, and that the Conven- gods. They unhappytion shall pneet on the 9th. Meantime, however, that any State Convention, except that of miscalculation. Two or three notices to quit are in the ascendant on such occasions, aydOut ofhas beenpassedforty-eight nights,to crowded houses vrith two pieces only, Guy Hsn-andvention bill passed the Senate unanimously. It decision of these Conventions the whole thing might find other altars for their household them for assuming control of a popular dem-ture ani|expected delayindulgence,thatthey"nerlng" and Romeo and Juliet." As doubfless allthan the freethese Stocks, has suddenly depreciated. The seceaaion, for they have no more power to de- his salary for four years would have furnished.the Illinois and Wisconsin Currency, based onstill greater evils. We have a Mayor who is a last was tried before Judge Gould, in the Oyer On Wednesday, too,expediency,byIn the and notpecuniary interests,—^Mr. Mc-delay, but certainly so grave a matter hastily.was arecognized. to cross theto anticipate. He also brought more TooHBS has notpliable Infonpjtion as to the state of par- only threatens to do so on the 3d ofBrooklyn than exterior"JfewODIn the second" the wild forest" is on the north bank be Shog^p by Districts hutea<tof by^ States at threefold absurdity.dl^^|^ «-"lTM' this one in brUUaocv „TMAtions see fit tocan easily assemble a General Convention to put it in shape and provide for its submissionMr.Brady's1^tbebaise. Hmmltt, on Wedaasd^ Ltar,<dier commodities. Lunitedwue reported, with 447 vessels of all classes in to Congress and the individual States. It mayport.Xh* Eesiobaiiok of Mb. McLajo!.llUW'B resignation of the Mexican mission will sniprtM nobody. That it came no sooner ia the only warrant for surprise. Selected lor latBOlHylged intelligence and ability to ar-* teeaty with that Eepublic, demandedcase.that a theatrical perform- Friday OthtUo.freight engagementsinations with a clear tmderstanding that none nies but good men will be indorsed at the ballot-box, and that no party discipline, commend- arguesJuryto the Court, that the theatricaland theHooley Campbell Minstrels present the same attractions:manity can only be equaled in the history ofIndian outrages. They proceeded from housewill scrutinize every City or School nomi- ;;-fields, residue, we shall as earnestly favor sttch separation, and burned their cabins, and often their house-;and turned them adrift amid the hopeless desolation thusabout them. Tne famine-stricken homes ^f Northern Kansas are thronged with the First District of the Nineteenth Ward, the pro- There are many at the North, undoubtedly, fugitives from this scene of barbarity. Andtest of Dizmia UoCabz, candidate for Assemhly, besides the ultra Abolitionists, who have aimed the work of ejection still proceeds with undi-The pro-appearAt Miss Eeeke'S the new spectacular piece ^>-* *Whenever the people of the Cotton States shall have definitely and decisively made up their minds to separate from the rest of us, we shall urge that theholdgoods,beforetheireyespolitical complexion,titled to confidence. With a like understand- seeming prescienceproaches production, if we are to judge by thein-It Ismay be its merits, there is but one way in tirely within the power of Mr. Buchakab notseparationand that is by an amendment of the Consti-Mr. LjSTXstha ease of Gubtatx LiNDEimcLLEB, indictedfor ezidUtfaig theatrical performances on Sunday,fTM tiled before Judge Oocld. The jury wlU re-tom theii verdict this morning. A full report of can sever the Union into two parts, it may suspension of evictions, such as are not un- the trisi, with abstracts of the arguments, and the into Ifd»y,tution. cannot assent to Congresssecession,ities we havethan on nlgjit, at the rerr ef Saturdaydescribed. Had he substituted for it would be simple suicide. If Congress for the hundred dollar check, an order for theCongress allegiancecan release one to the Constitution, itcommonin the of Scotland' or the Iiighiandstrue.special organizations to look after them on beer-gardensstroy the Constitution than Congress has. Never in fact did conscience-smitten offendershrewd politician of the local sort, and whoand Terminer.As this was to be the test case, the mostBafiway Stocks were also lower than on Friday,though less pressed on sale. New-Torfc Centralsold at 73 for immediate delivery, and 71| at theclose, deliverable this week. The day was a hard their relations to the Union, let them seek promise than has Mr. Bdcoailab in this in-tionalgvarantee*never a greater or less extent, be per- rowed the ketUe second, that it'•"rirTinillr hnirisMs wiglil Whbt-involveshould not be decidedcable.a wild forest on the south side of the St. Law-pronounceits ineffectual fires beforetheory He first de-better. Severaldeclined the ternsMr. BouEClCArLT has ^-in favor of it, theyattemptup byOn on* Bowerys, aswhen Quebecit would leave the South no worse off than it on the north side" is urged, under the suppo-a bad num totricts is with the honest andmote theirVictoria BridgeIt would be hardly possible to find more er-voters let them exercise due ;may be doubtful,—but if it failed,^"^"-^^ FisBia will be probably prevented a'^«P«»8^^_^y^,,^On theunion, and strengthen their claimsrespectable independence of political control next December, and nonebe effected.lation of thecomplished by revolution.Discouraging from thr^^ on Saturday „r, of the season was given atcontrary,itwouldpro-in order to connect the line with the City of Montreal.hethe Sunday law is tmconstitutional, because itis retroactive, and destroys the value of tbeupononly way in which a ;>eace/u/ separation cansympathyandsupport.And itisthePHil.HABH0»IC_S0m«TOy^B^«^,y^^ The third of the P""^^'^^";!.!," Vss well attendedand fashion-Any other mode is in direct vio- Constitution, and can only be ae-anisland,resignedseat after all. J^arch,thepresentdifficulties. It is this,hisHe ifnorth side or on the south. placethat Electors shallSoctb. SenatorGot. Robt. J. Waikib has originartecdu,rrpenrcheapso,f««"''= 1^^^in afamine, suffering and apprehension, mightSouth Caro-in which he took strong conservative ground. The lina, we presume, will ask nothing but the that an eviction so sudden, needless, and ruin- But let our citizens of all parties, who de- theatrical performances tliis Cityeffect of his remarks is represented to nave been promise of support. But we doubt whether ous would actually be enforced on the thresh- sire economic and honest City Government, day. Crowds of Germans assembled in the son of the Heart ;" on Thursday, Cardinal WolseyiiAnesday night last, made a speech at Milledgeville,instant, and without conditions.squatterscould notbringthemselves tobelieveknuckle argument.Tuesday,on Wednesday, the " Honeymoon" and, first time, a new piece written for Miss Cushhaic entitled " A Les-very beneficial in calming the agitation. It is nowbelieved by many that the Union element in theSouth will soon show so strong as to induce a without first requiring a general conference of Winter left them undisturbed, therangementsimilar to the old IlissouriCompromiseclusively on the ground of political service,;for a which will result in compromise,the Southern Statesa fresh at-forthcomingadministration would interfere regard binding any nominationsexhausted the consonants of a dozenthe celebrated juvenile actor and comedian.the last andhave contributed so to secure this dramatic largelytriumph. So many of onr best artistshavealreadypropositiona Convention of all the States, at which an ar-;probablyasmade ex-alpha- was laden towill be effected. An effort, it is thought will soon sential rights at the hands of the Federalbe made to obtain an amendment to the Constitu- Government.tion, in reference to the rendition of fugitive slaves.We continue this the of ex- The Tribune, a day or two since, declared itsagoagents,morning publicationtracts from Southern journals, tending to exhibit determination to favor the secession of South-which forferocity and inhu- be known in advance that the intelligent class- ligious belief, which the letter and spirittheir aid that the entertainment will be of athe condition of the public mind.It appears to be clearly settled now that Virginiaem States that might desire to leave the Union " Whenever," said the Tribune, " a whole sectioQ of this Republic, whether a half, a third, or only a fourth, shall truly desire and demand a separation from thecampaignsavageof our institutions had secured to and that Republi- unconstitutionality— ^theprofiered character soother State willthat public halls and parks, and listened to in- " A Lesson of the Heart ;" on Much Ado support and did believe that if the give due notice to the political managers on Friday, '!anyandtempt to secure what they consider their es-profferold of Winter,—their respective sides, that they will not flamed phillipic? from Doctors whose names About Nothing" Benedict by Mr. Chaklis Whxatlbt,to house drove the inhabitants into theof defiancespreadit in the legal tri- and less novel than laughable, was played last week. Old Incidents, old scenes, and old jokes, were there, Convention-managers on both sides would ex- bunals, they resorted to a very silly subter- but the spirit that gave them animation was gone.ercise greater caution in their selection of fuge, and established a new religious order or BuBTov is dead, and Toodles is dead with liim.haveagiven cheaperof organizations as now exist without incurring whom,GcsTAVE Lindenmitlleb, on Saturdayand in the observance is nxist henoied.evidenceofrepentance,giftcomes the benefit of Mr. Blau, when will be presented for the firyt time in a long time, "Tbe Rivals," and " Cool asa.CoeiiM-to say that it lies en-around for gathered kbn,to the land-sales to anotiier postponeonlyyear, but to put an instant stop to the brutal-and that intelligent Republicans would return the compliment under like circumstances.are UtUc' mixedin the issues of a Charter election is quitefatuated with a belief that the profanity, which christened such folly with the name of reli-pleasure under difficultieswashardlylessofwould cedent in our boimdlessday performances in defiance of the enactment. (wellyn sounds his honi again."bogsIreland;pre-country,and far more satisfactoryIf the Soutbem States desire any change in offer heaven less adequate terms of com- can assume as many complexions as theone in and The in theHoney Foreign Exchange. appre- those dUBgea way provided namely, Itance. For the private citizen thus;tocom- pecuniarygroundfifty-fourthpleasantness in Wallack'sthe wassail bowl was emptied atsiqr tISBts ii^.Bbatkia to one of the best of actais vrtio hss thepe- throngh ami'Ti'^ "»«''** to the Constitution. Let pensate with paltiy alms the injuries inflicted remptorily demand payment on the 22d inst., forthe remainder of the New Loan has been removed them, if they choose,—aobmit alternative upon an entire people by the public officer, ismand will be left untried to attain that object.in our legal column,which willby a telegraph from Mr. Cobb, extending the pay-and dfloiand ekier such addi-EveryPeople's Convention," orIcgicstage in our day.mentsfor, 30 days.Sterling Exchange Bills, seriously impeded businesspropesitiona,—to make a mockery of the whole business. aa tfcef raqnin, or if they That, after all, may be the sardonic design oforThe folly of building a road " throughSunday,sition that this necessitatedthe ofthe erection;hy Us engagements Laura Keene's.and situated Montreal arepferformance given The balance of power in all contested dis- religiousrors crammed into a singlefirst place Montreal beingon the north side of the St. Lawrence,bridge would have been equallywhether the road had been constructed on the;sentence.Philharmonic Society of j^^ morn"ing, B^jrotuMeuyAt.h^en^a^su^m^.Untitled Documentof the St.woulda surrender of theCity Gov- triumphant efforts of a Scotch terrier to killduring ignoranthowever, no onea President, unless all should assent to the Commodore on that station had left—thing, or even afford any firm basis for pre- the neighboring slaveholding population of hope the Republicans making no nomina- men to a ballot in favor of the duet, " Hy Soul is Bursting," the EIi^ has intradocedtions were made at WashingtonBlg Alt iS 'passengers and $75,000 in specie. The paper, and ask each other how it looks to- was ordered to be resurveyed, and, by methodstions would exercise a like forbearance ?It is easy to talk of candidates who shall before regaining their homes always provided, genaiaUy caaedurday,;the boundarympeetable talents, and was'MfVom the aiaayJmiwfA also left on Saturday for Liverpool, — bad toqching at Queenstown. She had 192 passengers. day," as if theyreceive nominations " theirMissouri. Bytheselatterproperrepresenta-— attempt deposittions thatthecontendingDemocraticfac- Union,weguaranteethattheywill"see thetrumpets,whichIssomething'new,astbetram-—at flts close,* with other of course, that Rtkdibs be employed and paid erudite and witty obaervations. There is a good timethe Winter months.plan.mainedadvance a peg during five centuries yet to seem, are not withoutcountryBev.^'"^— »—„-ers hisis notritorial policy, It is within the limits of credi- bank are within thirty miles of the river side, Captain." This points directly to Marshal it may be fit to mention that "La Juiv.»they inflicted, especiallysuchwhere the climate im- fact that tbe census has been finished, and many Inqvirlng Mends,naughtyworld, therethe past week with great soeceas at Balihaan, WMh-the cultivationa4^g"at the head of twelve hundred necessary to crowd the roomand metto themostadventuroussquatterscouldnotbe fightingNew-Yorkew."can never be ex- and tliat on the south side—where Anglo-Etndebs as theand further than thistheyonly prominentponetrated,flagchivalrystoryispeoida^ SiU . all experience shows that on the secession side, and that the Union men coming for song." People's Cffliventicns" are a delusion and snare, the myrmidons of someWall-street and Broadway have not receivedwith him into the permanent service of the the physical education requisite to qualify Fahnetto State.she hasof her Miss Cushhas, with generous apprecia- Never was an error more fatal. Two weelcs unless the candidates, in addition, shall be the margin with denunciations of the tion, devotes to tbe bniefit of her manager, Mr. Jack- armed bands of men, led by Government nien deserving of the trust with which the despotic rulers who invaded the rights so!c, whose judicious direction and liberal coSperationRepublican for their reliefcrowning night"entered this tract and commenced a nominations propose to endow them. Let it of conscience and the freedom of re-Satuiday, engagement.esnee on his own meritscans will not consider themselves bound to vote for any man because he is of their ownif his antecedents con- demn him as unfit for the place, or not en-all ofthelawwasproclaimed,varied and attractive as to insure the beingaworthycloseto' MissCusakaii'sen-ing among the better order of Democrats, theagainstcould not fail to be, that respectable Democrats wouldbetsthe"Sensation PressUmUmtm,andih.jn»iM«*•electing a President. It waa on Uie fluita itmht^H/t^S^^influentialsympathizers"hssofferedGov.OisttoenlistunderthePal- Cooperlffatale.Thedistinguishedwithmuch difficulty in naming the proper route for the near approacti of March, 1861,—must for the murieal IbvisIob of Hctyieo. ffis tUon hnrailway.dinary purposeswith the principal cities in the United States, operations. Let South Carolina only relieveFoEiiBs, FtMUa * Co. have beenof commerce and connectionsecuring a new field of profitableconeertlilacdBii^ous ofour City of his presence, and the evils of herThe havewhichenragedroostersoftheflew at each other's heads with vengeful tbe Prince's modesty here coiMealed) Us coltl-wbich'PTomises to remove Rtioiebs from our midstj^-iWrtfido cheerfully indorse him to theseemed destined never to be recened froU the oom-or conservative business- Thewealthyplanters Britishmonarchisdeficientinenergy. Intbsstars" and know what " smashed faces" are pets usually introduce the King. On the whole, Ai-and BidrntODd. The Musiothe dlrecHon of tiw afflUe Gaew, give a Coosnt wUhmonarchyThe Sunday Theatre JLatr.Our readers will remember what a hue and farewell on some night this week, we give a pro-theacrown their effortsof the statutecreased size of the letters on theA farce littleconstitutionality;bills.Toodles a Father," more broad tiian long,ber," which, under every clicnmstanoe,tteI] chameleon. He has a deep personal and eminent counsel was employed, and every ry is. Last Friday evening Mr. Blakb eooiMIlinterest in securing a subservient Common Council, and no tricks at his com- mayof defence ..as thoroughly canvassed,year. The occaaioB was aa* el" Convention,""Citizens' rusal.Theofthe lawyerwhodaH^tedAt Niblo's, F(»un stOl dra«(a the nanscnlarto break itthey cannot obtain control of Its machinery.Democrat saysfor our culture ._^ ji,»t though many a Metro-:^^^ ^j j^^ term ^^^ ^^ Interior"the most feasible mode to prevent thebeaborrowed ;kettle,which^In an article, vaded by his agents who, as heretofore, cracked when hetion,"maycalled,will,tobreakingl||be seen reference to the full byborrowed itviolence where it was sound when he carried it backto theance was exhibitedonand thenBamnm's,tbe two;suppressionin on Sun-but with ofthefailorethatwould entitled'*those audiesoes rich objectionable man of their own party, were smoking tobacco in meerschaum pipes, beauty, fashion and distbietion, vAtch ICr. I^a-Thatpolitical questionsupplly exemplifiedWallack's parqnette. All New-York's beauty mA chivalry were there, and Wallack's lamps shone overdally the latter—than will probaUy meet until "La>Nevertheless, until we have devised he would purely municipal and non-political grounds,'would secure them immunity from the penalties of the law, the proprietors ofvaftotugion,—a larger crowd of brave men and ^Ir women eqie-and third,part of the prisoner'a devotion,inwhich,assuch,hehada quiredbyMr.jAMisoaconstitutional right to engagehere. Mr.Li»o»» mwhUe,tocapthe climax, claims, in the third place, that to join the Adelphl on the cessation^^^ ^vested before its passage in the Sunday-theatre business: There is littie fear that the ofthe Sunday law can ever be im- successfiillypeached, when the best talent of t'je New- York Bar, in attacking it, is reduced, to such ato be candidates In&and have gothroughthedoubtsandfeai*ofBiBiEDWAas hasshownmusic,her legion of friends and admh-ers will Ilka to sayhis benefit,iamore hq^-the same place, able—not in the New-poUtan gatlierhiginlS'"krookitn.Webett, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comM mmmm wm 