 n&Rmfrot. entered *ln tie United State* Ooort NEW YORK HERALD. £et all event*, that ailfac-JKS&fS&fix'ciffio^bavvarieeenw.wbkAbeeetto thetoapplyforaSatkmeir « of u^fwyay ttpit«i.bt«>rrwrtcfctorUuprefrreaatater%* «** T ••T^^y^ia^^^^itwT^-iiewaSBlawa^iZ ! do tonrttol sBjjBjaafrtoluretoeaa asrekwfta sawkfa V toaH«* mrff*.!*,,* irerssrew re. w t t r * W t o e £• •..»..orAMURKINTHTHIS SVSBUrO. AOAJMDrrO»»HttO.IBAsrara AMMBIOAM mono*, n>«dwny.-D»y andti it T w these ii-T" Canj>aan—Litxso Cuaioai-tut. 6 . _ — .BBTUrw iimrgBMA Maresiiiw pjfc tnBnixasasmv soaaa Dsneui ho.-Pann Or.HOOUB a UAMFsaure MXjswrBMIA awe* saloon,m*dw*T.-lTmionAii Roans, DAJWBS, Seaumaoaa, Ao — Breadon.ooorastrat aosw HAJH*j. o.sovereign right of secession. Bat oar des-patches of last evening inform us that the Pre law—enacted In compliance with those guaran-the breaking up of the Convention and of most will not exceed eleven millions of dollars.would he her own, and besides, h«r veto weatd have no effect on the issue. But thaw the ctreametanee may be seized held ef far the parpone of producing a dlfflieityin tho convrntion of the two houses. Four years ago a somewhat aneiogons circumstance ocourrea. When the votes of tbe teveral etates were opened aad Mad la tho joint eoaveBtlaa. of too two boosts, en the second Wedeentay in FtWoniy tho dayfixed by tbe act of 17?2—U appterel that the oleetorel«.IOH.WI«I» irvvnmwTmaTrfH^H/^uJ patoa.ai* to^Kktr,North aaiffg^>.HrwA* c a tttr.ssWKttV » Ura Ueeaaed by*>rs is this mark*passto thetoe twomeatme witbin theirsire to teat all these disturbances in n manner satisfactory to the Scut h. and tobetween tho two coiifiiotingcountry; and'aocordtog to our despatches re cetved last night from Waabiugton, there ap> Hears to bo a deternOnation to grapple tho question i t tho threshold and ameod the con-:;i wPwm*BTamBawew»;^r WR:"W^PWP ^toP^P*^Wi-'l^TMT5gJ^^'^v '^%fPTM^;sentatives. The South Carolina delegation were all in Washington yesterday, but had not deter*the other mode of ratification may be proposed by Congress."son and Dooiittle—in their speeches and letters obtain a renomination, whioh became a trap forand conversations since the election, have' tbe South, and wbich gave birth to the repub- tainment ef our Ieternal trade aad the annual prodsetnasiH^^tooftoawhtoondurmctoehaontheJB BASBAO MLMe w OrleanspvMa»«Mr«aH m M t a *tions of the Union through a revision of the the different States, to be appointed by the delega- federal constitution. Upon this subject theaion movement to a committee of one from each ofowing to tbe segmentation or population asd tea various nght M tbty bad, on tbe mornmg of the 4te, to east tbegive time for reflection and friendly conference. Mr. Cobbresignedhis position as Secretary of tho Trea- sury on Saturday, to take effecton Wednesday next. This, it was believed, would be followed by theshall cull a convention for propostrg amend meets, which, in either case, shall be valid, to all Intents and purposes, as part of this consti- tution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three-fourihs of the several States, or by con-slaves are concerned.theseveralStalesaadTerritorial, demited byen avalpartoraSenatorormembertoreferencetotonneeetten, nor would he entertain an appeal from bia decision. In vain indignant Bt antiii sand membera rent eeenieil the dan- ger of ausb a precedent; In vain aid Senators roomeeaadresignation of the Georgia Senators and Repre- ventions in three-fourths thereof, as the one oraad TboEev.Mr.Barimg- iroh, dsllreredtheasualWhen thlT poonfcy *» ^ ^ ^ * i^iatatetito grievances of toe peopie ecmpelled a revolution, sad a Septra tu n from Eogland. When tho thirteen origiDur-lican party and led to all the troubles in Kansas,by which the republican party were built up more extension of slave territory. If It is, At that time toe anti-slavery element was dor-mined whether they would take their seats.ing the day several consultations were held be-tv coo Northern and Southern members, and con-servative men were of opinion that some planwu.Ld be adopted to prevent the disruption of theL'.iion. The Presidents Message will not be sentin until Tuesday. Its tone is sail to be calm and Congress upon propositions to amend the con*c<liliatory,butfirmandclear. etitutiononthesubjectofslaverythatwillbe la cur despatches from Washington this morning satisfactory to the South? No. What then?receivetheprotectionwhichtheconstitution oftoeconfederacy,IncludingWebsterand day-fully and absolutely guarantees to it through- bed given peace to toe country, and had put a out the entire territory of the United States, of quietus upon the disturbing anti-stavery agita-TBS W0BK BEFORE CONGRESS.The ftecssaioxi Movement—The Basalt of the Presi- having been himself ot>e ef the rreaMenttal candi-grnduwtr •^•fc •'-^•mjBtk^•-• *-•: dsa. ;>.'Hp&», Dre 2 IJ*».esw«tosa«aitint* of this bailigwfl ble^U,imprea»^v4thlBmM«fiadiK>licyoftorb.«ieaoe and gBjjtiwisweJth aad, perajvea-a4) pBVP wM«wa9Vantwware MnS^BVMv •*• BVBVW *%** **• fid per I*. freiabi fftar ares heavy, a«d aIaware Tbc Crsavt Ifc»u« ofTHE WORKdwwadfromtboopeslsgof loBdays, oolres,the poreef BtseoatontiabMhBtory ,»hat,«iw tolanot finally,therewul bonoDECLAREBofore parting f'omthis ttcint to refer to tbe formalityeoMtttatrea of baring tbeveteoaf tbetad Wi stareend fel! of. about two cents perlawer,fawt Tho solution of tho great mount over all others at the pitho perpetuity or dissolution of theracy- commences to-day in the federal capi tal. and o » of the groateit misfortunes at tho present crisis is the paucity of able statesmen gi/ted with wisdom and acumen, to most theHere it will be seen that Congress has no power to call a constitutional convention until application shall have been made for It by two- thirds of the States; and that Congress can only propose to the States amendments to the constitution through a vote of two-thirds of both houses. Can this vote be secured in thisdeclared emphatically that the success of Mr.of agrievltore, manufactures, 4c.R B POSTMASTSU e S N E B l l / S REPORT._i ;; jiMflL^nifl -.YAH^OM aumn 2:10/ wa • ' NEW YOKE HERALD. MONDAY, DHQJ iiTltlMS"'Unta* 7law to Liverpool at » M at. «d.^eure ireue with that firmness, moderation and fore- Bight which it demandf; for there would teemnow to meet the vital issue before us.DtAGLAS ADD PfBBCBflavnroTmUtrion.—Jn these a range and eventful times, in whioh no one can foresee what a day may bring forth, one of the most curious of toe startling political phenomena of the hour is the spectacle of Doug las and Pierce saving toe Union whioh theypast rear have been a rerlea af socceaaea. Ttovarleos rempilgas a|alnat:Uie unfriendly aad hostile Indians hive proved in every lastaare, awtoafr auooisef il aad sue ef tee warlike tribes bare been brcnibt to subjesttan Dartag last rear Brest reduction fates expend!tares *are been o>adf, amount Ins to several miH'osa of AoHamC » Secretary wtO, It Is said, rtcommend breech loa 1 la guns tor general use ia the sarvtos; also the laaportaat rcoommaodatloa of Uat year of mslaritf to tot **> DepartBteat toe tareriateaiesee end eesrtrojsf Hftta-of theaula, at 11X<L a WKd., and I4J©« tn ship'sat Ma.to be not one real statesman In Coogress, notsorerel ftatoo torPrreldtnt and vme Prerdent OOMMSwalso Commtry —I * toaThe last session of tbo Thirty sixth Congress•beg ius to-day. It la constitutionally limited to of the rights of tho South and secession of thela that Siato PreatoVnlial th* wheatvetoem,BOOM ninety days duration, and j e t its proceed-ings for Onion Of disunion, for good or evil,may affect the destinies of the American peoplehave both done so much to destroy.DouglasBel: Ucketa voted far, it so happened that none of thaw eaiabn.i—«^ en ifc>ii>. la u. #mv^ aWsae^a^av aW^m — ' ^ a • Oan t *— ^-—— m i*c- vtTdjmmayor\\j TwVw)BHHliw prorldweiMA* m NBevict of such aeontlrgeney tbe Irgiaiawre abatl jre-for generations to come. All eyes from everyquarter of the confederacy are tamed to Wash- .other States and Territories; it gives thein a speech at Washington on Saturday evening,displayed extraordinary soUcitnde about tbefate of the Union, and "urged all Union men,t4-r.oe tte mods ef proceeding appointment lul 1 n 1j aThai mode may be by l&MM&M&^Qt,*ing ton. for the universal Impression is that thePresiden and Congress can, If they will, andprobably will, do something that mty operate the enjoyment of all these rights nndertriage and unite to save the country first, andfamedeysecse in whtoh It la OBOt, to Oho word *HawlBBkl*'':,toW *! mesulng )• ihit illlliiSBUn II ^Mto toMBan BsHm on me ssme d.y. If it were BMSO. Bateseree^awN ^latcsmigbt hold back, and having ascertained how e l tbe others had gene, const i tote inemaelret tbe arbiters ef tbe question, t h e eonttiiutjon itself raqatrei that theto save the Union, aad to restore harmony be tween the North and the South.the ngifl of the most solemn compact ever en- tered into between man and man. The domi- nant party of the North, which has just electedistereetlag/ He wilt undoubtedly resort too roooaa promise—a measure whioh has operated nidations of ihs Board who recently reported to him like the opening of Pandora's box—and whose spec tho subject ef the eoastrucUoa or falling vesselsFor some days past the newspaper reportersat Washington have been representing Mr Bu- a President, who received only one third of thepersistence in continuing a candidate of into war steamers, aad also for a farther increase oT day en which oleotota shall give their veto* aball be toesamo throughout tho United Slates: Teat day in fortbeflrst Wednesday ia December. Ifveto of the SUM be net given en tbe day proscribed, it caBfiAtho aire* at ait Than Georgia wouM hare a*chanan as exceedingly perplexed in referenceto the opinion of his annual Message upon thequestion of the right of a sovereign State to th«popular vote, denies these rights, and ignores the pledges of the constitution. Ten or eleven of too Northern States have passed "Personal Liberty bills" which nullify the Fugitive Slave•tcaaihtpi of war. It is obvious that tee fresaat navalsklent will be conciliatory but firm; and we tees of protection which tbe constitution gives, presume that, after recognizing the existing and they thus effect a practical diesolation ofperils of disunion, be will appeal to the wisdom the compact Under the spirit which dictated and patriotismof Congresstoprovideareme the*©unconstitutional enactments over 66,000dy, if possible, for the menacing sectional dis slaves have from time to time been cords axAJ excitements of the day. It was said seduced from the Southern States, the valuethat the delay in the preparation of the lies- of which Is upwards of sixty millions of morning are of a highly important character. sage was to prevent a rupture of the Cabinet, doilais. There are now not much less Doriqg the whole of yesterday the greatest excite- but it appears that Mr. Cobb has resigns! his than 40000 fugitive slaves in Canada, andtoe party, whioh has resulted in thetriumph of Lincoln and toe consequentRBFOBT or ran ascBarajtv or ran INTERIOR.The report of too Secretary of too Interior, whicho* taa A i u k i * - , t s aitawtW.w York »r, Dae.ment prevailed', and many of the moalextravigant rumors were current. A plan, which appeared ta find favor, had been proposed, to refer that portion Of the Meaaaf of the Preriaont dwenaefna; the aecaa-tions thereof, who shall have fall charge of the sab-one of these obnoxious statutes has just failed ject. and report within thirty days an amendment it necessary, shall propose amendments to this in the Legislature of Vermont So much for to the constitution which shall settle all present and I constitution, or, on the application Of the Le- this aggressive spirit antagonistic to the rights future difficulties. This, it was thought, would gislatures of two thirds of the several States and Interests of the South so far as fugitive"peril and danger" to the Union, which Mr.Douglasisatlastenabledto discover, incom- covereaaeateasivo(told, Larger laNetthan any othermon with Horace Greeley and Tburlow Weed. three departments of the government. having nnder ItsT i « l e w i ,Oar despatches from Washington (riven thisjurisdiction the Geioral and Offioe. The Indian, Patent, to enter into any combination with 'the Union Pet >ion and Gensua Bureaus, will bo vary intarottlng, aniabout 2.000 scattered over the Northern States, which represent over forty millions of the pro perty of the South. It is true that many of the more conservative republicans are to favor of the repeal of these laws, but the leaders of theparty are opposed to any such conciliatory com constitution itself provides, that "the Congress, promise, and the only attempt mads to repealmon foe, and he would not "sink his bicker- eatioBB.4 b of Deooanber. Senator Mason, th* presiding ofll m ef tbe cenventtoe, unheeding tee tnflwuvality, eoantod to tbe rote of Wisconsin and nenoeaeed tee rsealtgave rise to several very detlcata and Oilwhtoh were not then, and hare not otooeThe functions of tbe electors cease I, it was81 of December, end any other Ave men bad as good aplace as Secretary of the Treasury.If Is intimated that the President will re commend a new compromise between the con- flicting slaveholding and non slaveholding secings or unite to save the country first and quarrel afterwards." He is now wise almost too late.And poor Pierce, in a private letter to a friend in Washington, which found its way into one of the papers of that city on toe same day on whioh. Senator Douglas mule his speech to a party of seienaders, waxes eloquent upon "the fearful crisis which is now upon us," and which he says "he foresaw for years," and "deprecated toe causes which heTbe Census efflce has now a clerical fores of one bun dre J and twenty seven, all ot whom are actively employ- ed in their respective duties. The exp« ate of U» eighth cecaos will exewd thai or tbo seventh ooMidarably,whenever two-thirds of both bouses shall deembranches or tadasary.Tbe Superintendent to of opinion that he will bo ess-rote ef Wiaesoatn. How was tbe legality of tb*Lr act ua to be decided? Senator Mas tin, as tbe preutetagheld • hat bis simple dcty v u to eonThe two houses may pass resolutions recom-the departments, so far aa they have been com mending State action on the subject, and the re what avail is that instrument at all, and what tion. Upon the basis of this settlement poorwill be found a synopsis of the annual reports ofp'eted. peal of all obnoxious Northern State laws against The California Overland Pony Express, with ad the Fugitive Slave act; they may also providevices from Ban Francisco to November 21, passed additional safeguards to slave property; they Fort Kearny yesterday morning at four o'clock. may restore the Missouri compromise line, andAll the election returns had not been received, butit was conceded that Lincoln had carried the State extend it to the Pacific Ocean; but the questionsPierce, because he was too obscure to be known, ratified ? According to toe report of the L vnd was elected in 1852 by an overwhelming ma-dential Election—Tho Tariff-Pacific Rail- road -The Acquisition of Cuba-Admission,dates, he will preaelUr feel that tt- would to tmpre per for him to preside, and the Senate wtil elect a President pro Urn Tbe eeltestoo anight be, but we bone will net be, made wtih a vie w of glvtoj af- fect to the objection La tbe matter of Georgia's veto. Me good eon come of reaming sack en ofcjeettoa. TJmtarav In which the resaU ot tho coast wlh be announced will be M follows :—by TO ta 1,000 plurality. In Oregon bis] majority ever Breckinridge was SIS, Douglas being lowest of all. Great anxiety existed in California for in- telligence from the Eastern States. Accounts from Lower California state that the band of filibusters who had been committing depredations there had been driven out, aad the country was quiet. The* steamer Golden Age left Ban Francisco <mthe 21st alt., withfivehundredandtwentypassengers,and $1,075,713 in specie for New York.still recur, can these things, in this Congress' be done ? Or, if done, will they suffice to ar- rest a dissolution of the Union ?Assuming that these proceedings, orof a conciliatory character, may prevent the destruction of the confederacy, they can only be effective from Immediate action thereon. The South Carolina State Convention on the eecee&ion Issue meets on the 17th December. and aa early as the 18th It Is expected that the proposed ordinance will be passed declaring the State an independent Power to all IntentsOffice, the whole territory of toe United States contains 3 250 006 square miles, of which 2.2.r>0,000 is composed of public land—the pro- perty equally ot the whole people, North and South—or fourteen hundred millions of acres; being more than two-thirds of the entire geo- graphical extent of the country*, and almost three times as large as the United States were at the adoption of the constitution. Is the election of Mr. Lincoln by one-third of the voters of the Union to deprive the people of the South of their right to this magnificent do main, which it virtually would do if k inaugu- rates the policy of no more alave territory?jority over one ot our great historic men; but oardly did he become warm in his nest at the White House when he became the instrument in the hands of the fire eating secessionists at the South in his ambitious eifjrie to-obtain a renomination, and unsettled that settlementmade in 1850.The two men, therefore, who are of allothers most responsible for the creation and success of the republican party, and for the dis- ruption of the United States whtoh is imminent, are Douglas and Pierce, both Northern men, who ur* no * making such unavailing efforts at the pumps after scuttling tho ship.E i i t n o s oi ScuuoL.OfncBBs.—©ur citizensKbouid bear to mind that they will be calledupon to-morrow to vote for School Commissioners, 1stpeotors and Trustees, who are to havecharge of too educational department of our citygovernment for tbe coming year—really the mostimportant interests of our city. The several par-ty cliques have brought out thole candidates—some good, some indifferent—out of whioh theywill be called upon to choose. As with the can-didatesforourmunicipallegislature,wotrustthat our citizens will pay no regard to toe nu-merous attempts that are being made to inducethem to vote for these candidates upon partyissues, but will carefully scrutinize too severalcandidates, and select from too long list ofnames presented such as are known to be goodmen and qualified to toko charge of this impor- aidency, tho North aad Boothfindthemselves arrayed inafter declaring .the number of rotoa given for the four candidates, the presiding ufficeraays - .Oa Saturday Bight, off Barnegat, in the snowstorm, the schooner Shark, Captain Patterson .fromCilvestoa to New York, came into collision withthe schooner Ship Carpeaters, Captain Fountain, and purposes. After the passage of this ordi- Liberty bills,"' the question would not be set-it bo so or not will depend upon tbe counsels that may prevail there, upon tbe moderation with which tho peo p!e North and South will act in tbe present alarming crl sis, and upon the course which tho oxeontrre area of tbo government ma; pnrene in censing tbe oonatitatten and laws of tho United States to be faithfully observed and oUyod throughout tho entire length and breadth of too tijwhMO,ran saesssioN Movmamr. Thefirstsession of this CtoBjWBi was charestorlaad hyfor tho term prescribed by the eoentttatiie, te rt-a-.tnenco oa the 4 ih of March 1164 He «ls> oeateren that Hannibal B W B ' R , of tbotMese of Stetne, baring the greatest Dumber ef votes for Vtee.President, end tbna. Lum-er being a-msjorHj of the whole number of slieanee» hM been duly etoefd \ toe President of tee United 8«aaa> for tbe term prescribed by tie ooastttnUon. to rrmmnene on the 4th day of Mereh, 1S61.arraof auwoB a m o .Then are a-great nanny very important subjects await-obstacles ia tbe way or the passage of the apwwprlattaa bills for the pui p ma of nmhsnaentng u admloiatratleo.:andUveatoe-repnbitoanamight manifest an indtspoMUan to prens their peueg* for tbe sake of giving Mr. Xtoeeteaa oenene.oereideef aeses- t km troablea, far eoevrntnf>GongrreB In extra esoaton. ft would be, tberefcre, by no means surprising t<^on the 4th o.' March next, eereraiof the regular anaundappm-loadedwishcoal, from Delaware to Providence,1,wv •aa^. aa w v i s a is>aww*am ewesn«ejanwerwsia^w*weewj a *»IJ *••« nata IMHUWand active exertions of Captain Patterson, Captain Fount»in. ha crew and Ma wife were rescued and conveyed to this city; bat, unfortunately, his child, two years old, was lost. Mrs. Fountain had a very narrow escape.Bev. William A. Bartlett, of Brooklyn, deliveredan e'oquent sermon in the Brooklyn Tabernaclelastefening.Bearguedstronglyagainstthecourse linaforreflection,isthefirstnecessity.But token try the aboUtloninte, viewing them hi the light how is it to be gained? We can thick of no of violators of the law, and belonging to the class better plan to secure this point than toe ap- of betoga who wonld rather rale in hell than dwel1 pointment of a joint committee of the twotled,tho impending crisis. The South requireso heaven. He expressed himself opposed to those who would break up or do anything tending to leatroy this great Christian confederacy because it DfghKoatam some miperfeottona, and allotted to Siem the position of men who would reject the sunAnd his light beeatase there ware a few dark spots on his disc, and the moon and her toft rays because sheshowedsomefeatures onhersurfacenotquite so bright aa toe rest. He •'•ted slavery to be the dragon or heathenish god of toe country at the present time, from the meaner In which It has been introduced into the pulpit and mixed with Christi-anity.A sermon waa preached last evening at Soilohchorea, by the Bev. Benry Garaett, on the subject of the death of John Brown, yesterday being, as "toe anniversary of his martyrdom.'' was opened by toe Bev. Mr. Ambrose up prayer, and the Bev. (also white) read the 68th chapter The preachat waa more thanusuallytoeawtonaoanaiagaaltght which waa repeated, and**, *«»^»»v**-gaa wffl be IbmvJ m another, column.The Board of AMeraei|w1B not meet untilagasatt J. atgbert Farnham for l>iracy. hi his well known connection with the slave focht W$Miinr, km been dawontinucd, and anow, by tho election of n sectional candidate to the Precowftoeaao to the patty potiticiaaa who msi3a.tsi the yer- amaMier hath bemsea. The appreprmtion hittn are tor the foilowtng purposes—nance, we fear that it will be easier for South Carolina to draw all the other Southern States to her side than to restore South Carolina to the Union. The secession of that State, then, be- ing the immediate and paramount difficulty, what la the course that patriotism would sug-houses of Congress, representing every other State in the Union, to repair to Columbia, South Carolina, for the purpose of a conference with a committee of said State Convention on the day of its meeting, and in behalf of a recogni- tion of the Union yet a little longer. This peace committee itself might possibly rail; but the tremendous Interests at stake, of all the people of all the States, are certainly worththis experiment of self-preservation. The plan agreed upon yesterday in Washington was to stave off debate in the House on the Presi- dent's Message and refer It at once to a special committee of thirty, three, one from each State,gest to Congress to ward off this danger?A little delay, a little time from South Caro-othersIn further execution of the concurrent order of the twe- bouses, the presiding ofliasr tnerefsre IwlsrM that Abra- ham Lincoln, or tbe Stnte of Illinois, bari«g tbe greatestIn order to reach a settlement of the question They are conditional Union men only. If thebefore it is too late for the South to recede.In the face of this great peril of dlsunion.it would be here a waste of time to consider the probabilities, in this Congress, of the admission of Kansas, of the pannage of toe Homestead bill, of Pacific road bills, tariffs or anything eIse In the ordinary routine of Iegialation, Eves An regular appropriatioM for tho standof tho government be idery hwoe at a crisis II is possible fhnt the without the osatl billsCongress, calling for In moat of the Southern States, ro-Personal Liberty bills are repealed, and toerights of the South are recogniaed and protectedin the Territories and the public domain, they fidential clerk. No person will dlsahargeha are for Union; if not, they are for secession asmush as South Carolina ftv Either new g u vantees must be given or the North and Southmust separate; that is the alternative, and it iswell to understand it. Mr. Stephens says so,Governor Magoffin eajs so, all too Union resotopees. UwUl he presiaiad ia the President's annua! dactlal mcMure, aUhouga the eurion apscmeto wen pre-front which wo oasrtnU recusest tutte «toGtm-m^'«-.„JLStatesloderiodf toeatvyoa th-line of escape. Nor U the fear of violent per- sonal colllaiofls and scenes of revolution^? dieoord in our federal halls of lagWadoc the•f k b o 6«r*B«ic'. Pa* »'uw anretatii Eos ti*r, « «1obi'a^tioea«tloceJ eouoclM, that our system ef nervaua paJiu -A*Aj&*m*Atribunal for decidltg aecessloa andone equal to the task of grappling gigantic difficulty, and mastering it.with this"*' "in a.|iiOsaaiil| uM the electoral veu of Gsergta.———-—- •JMBS wS^*-«4B-~~———•The momentous issue now to be met is tba*.Southern States.Tbe constitution guarantees to the Souththe right of holding slaves as property, and confirms Its right to remove that property intorallUea ere sufflsieatWith DreglM,South equal righto with the North in the public domain, and promises to protect it inought not to hare an j thing to da oito tbe Indians.REPORT OF TUB SB0BRABV OB THI KAVT. This Is excellent, coming from the man who Tbe Secretary or the N.vy's report will bsexoMdJagl/Now, In regard to the rights of the Southern knew must pnaduoe i t " The prime cause States to the public domain, how standi the of "the fearful orfads" was the administra-condition, and to report tho various products ofagricul-tion measure of the repeal of the Missouricompromise, introduced by Mr. Douglas in the party—Seward, Chase, Trumbull, Sumner, Wil- Senate in 1854, under the auspices of Pierce, toture and tho aggregate or manufactures.It has bees suggested to Decretory Thompa m by several Douglas, and Bntler and Crittenden, protest sgauet ta*question ?vote of Wlsooosla hotag onunted nnder seen ctrensa- stai.cM, aaifagaliiat the poslUon taken by the prnatdtag officer Ho remained inflexible in that peetttee, end as soon as tho tollers has signed a certificate of tee itho Senate retired from the Bo<re bail, sao' bodies wrangled for the remainder of tbo day over the vnrtocs knotty raiatolDvorred, wttbont anttrtag aertbtag. Senator Toombs in remsenoted aa havtog ezp-eswd ntt tateetlon te clipuie tbe eoesuiatiosaHiy ef the prooasl- lnf of coetttng tbevetM of tbe aereral Snue, onUttag that of Georgia, ea the groecd tbat-ail the Sieiee meet participate, aad that aa election where* all do not par- ticipate ta null ana void. Ahsnrd and wMenaeto ae tbe propceittra ta, tt It net at all tmprobaete that Mr.may attempt to propound and support it.It would regularly devolve on Vaaeftreidantridge to preside artr the convention of the twu nog.es, on the second Wednesday In Peoruery: bntowlBg to bteAll the leading politicians of the republicanSenators to urge u p » OoBgreH tbo oolabnabmaat ef a statistical bureau. Osegreu aad, in fact, the govern- ment are without any general reliable source of ascer-Lincoln is the great public verdict against anywhat becomes of the right of the fifteen South-ern States to the public lands, upon every acreof which they have an equal olaim with themant, and- the abolitionists were regarded as a handful of, insane fanatics, while the secessionist and disunion element in all the Southern States wad in a small minority. The compromiseTboreportof the Postmaster General presents so new feature ot Interest. Sitae Postmaster Holt baa had emerge of that departmeaVbe baa made many changes aad ra duoed its expenses ssverel million dollars.Tbe report of tbe Secretary of tbe Treasury la not yet completed.eighteen Northern States which elected Lincoln.'If their property upon that domain is not to measures of 1850- settled by the great statesmenbecomes of the compact which it confirmedandThus, even with the repeal of the 'Personalbecausethey formonly onepart ofingnctteai xm the part of Congress; bat w»ththe< ahadowing.importance of thai stosssloa naorenMnt isr^tbefamtestpreapamofenvtotagaireawtogattan^aa to except it be the rmrsare of the ngujar aaeuel approprtattoa biih It woeM net he tnrptlB- ing if even these were Beglected, either design or- efairwHa. One party' mightnew guaranteesits Interests and too maintenance of its rights, and any one who supposes that its most conservative leaders would accept any other terms for a continuance of too Union miscon- ceives their sentiment and their language. In allthepublicmeetingsheldattheSouth, whether by Union men or secessionists, the lame policy is declared In regard to their rights. Mr. Stephens, of Georgia, in his great Union speech, which Is so much praised throughout the entire country for its moderation and conservatism, aad Governor Magoffin, of Kentucky, whoso let- ter is viewed In the same light, take the ground absolutely and distinctly that the South must have new guarantees ; that the Personal Liberty bills most be repealed by tbe State Legislatures or set aside by Congress; that the right of the South in the Territories and the public domain must be recognized, or the North and the Southfor thoprotectionofscenes of turbulence and excitement anoh no habefore taken place ia tho legialatlve balls of tooThe noose ef Representatives was divided intoKM camps, tho object of their struggle being too Spanker,ahip. For snore ban two months the business of thocountry was entirety neglected and aaoriSaed,toopoll-ttciana being only intent on the election of their respectivecandidates.TMsstrcrgleendedlatbenettingasideofthe respective nominees oftee various parties, and in theelection of Mr. Speaker Penmngton; hat tbe ll* feelingswhich it aroused and inflamed died not with thesettlement of tho question. They continued toincrease to. utoastty add to spread from the hallsof Congress all through tbo nation at- large, until prtatMB bills remained uaastod on. We bare wry tiutomost separate.these gentlemen— conservative and moderate a* they are—are for Union under all ci?cumst*oecjLet bnt one planet from ito orb be burled, PlaaetoOnd suns rush lawless through tho world.K one State or oommuntty, or manloipelity, be allowed to proclaim and maintain Its political Independence or the Union of States, whether it be South Carollca or Dela ware or the city of Charleston or Now fork, tho link to broken in the chain, aad there tone longer any bend M hold together tho res. The governmental edlBae, orect ed with such skill, wisdom and bravery, would immedi- ately tumble to pieoM and anarchy Klanmpraane,How la this tabs prevent*-* That Is the first o^ostionon which the Cetgrets of the nation will be ealtod uponFor the txpeneeaof the Indian Department andtofaMCtreatyeaiy atipnmt iocs with the InetoesFor Ihs pay meat of ta valid aad otho* prealons. For aundry ctvi! espeaaee ef the government. For lortiflaatlnss aad other works ef eeteaee. Fur tho mianonaaoo ef hght hoaues, hi.It wonld ie%uire ot least a mouthto bare these vatBOMh btao acted on Intelligently. There Mvery littto prosMBV of any anoh length of time being npnred frem re^ltogj p^lt^ml 4Jon lailanoTHB TASOSM.The diaeentlon or the tarlfC wMSftoB and!Bouse of RspreoentaUvea Mat session, ft wasIt is a mistake to suppose thatlutions, speeches and letters emanating from ti»8ouihi»jso.already ripe for eecession, favorof sapira"and with tteaeral Jackson, tnattheneaa bo. leessalon, and thatagitation at the North the rights of the South guarauth* united States steam steop-erwar *«ft«r, frem Uiriqui,BaorctBgan* uehorod <' •blebmootbepatdore by too executive fewer ef the nation. Tares ef wm vswsw eMTw!OTa*-si^ware- w-a, wtvjm ••** m-*^«j.isteed,it is clear that the issue must be mot 6 t onoe.wto"reW WBcrtee?from tboee ot the President, U not on the aoenvion of the^Sam ^^^mSSmiei^nelgovernment uno>r 'Articles trf flnafajfcfa 'too," to* tiifBouOies that f-n?rocn<fcd toesquarrel, If they pleased, afterwards "Is the father of the repeal of the Miajoari comtant branch of our government.Tbe education of tho youth In a city like New York is a matter that should b* guarded with a jtalouB eye by the voters and taxpay- ers. It It a question, that goes home to every inhabitant of too metropolis, and to worthy of their moat careful consideration. Wo trait that the voters throughout the city, when they go to tho polls to-morrow, will look upon the subject aa it deserves, and select candidates with as muoh care as a merchant would Inquire into the qualifications and specialities of a con-duty to coming generations without taking •pedal care In the choice of school bacon. The interest of humanity, tho prosperity of our oily, depend, more than fa generally sup- posed, upon the character of tijoet who controlaaattit.de of deadly hostility to wards each other Borneof tbe Southern States, foremost among which ilandsSouth Carolina, are taking meaaurre for tbo avowed pur*pore of dissolving their connection with the confederacy,andoftossbreakingupthoentirefabriccf government;for It ia with these Sta es as with the heavenly bodies in thorvr the i DBular and diplomattc expet.ua. tbe armament—the educational interes^ of the olty. that none hut good men are selected.lBt«lllC«BC«. fri*»te (toLrrea.See to itIt is understood that Mr Becbanan, white re , wall avoid taking any dee ded right of oecatslon He bebevee, bow- ever, with Mr. Hainan, that tbo eeaw^tnawn has been accepted by all tho States "forever," ani "wUbeutBBBtot of its being aasaiMdaad opposed kg htonestttoai friends, and advocated saw supported by bra soitttoaiMo pannge to. too» l i t e of Mas, showed 1M ayes to Bltd mature a 1factory te %H—fc^reh. WMatRtoJaaeiroreta.titefOoUalteSw o e sliablesAaejaiiBlfiiti._ ijSBjPaw5S''^^F^sv^jjwij, •+w~~~jjejsli"!'- sw»e* issp%^aw^BBsj^' BPW^S^SW^^awaij^spawfl^aw^s ^aw*stitution. There aerms to he no other w i f left reriffl.it US orereiLlBl awl movements dartBf tbeall constitution-loving men, to sink their hick' rf'saa. ftp*!bore stow* that tee Interior DapartaeatBSPOBT or f HI ascasTART or WAR. S •^^e^WSWP^r^BBmr SBHSmp<^BBSB«SBBBB^BWasW«W<v , ^ » • . '•*.,- . • •Ihs resort ef toe arrets**,* war*.the democratic party at Charleston and Bal-timore, in opposition to the declared wishes otthe representatives of toe fifteen Southern States, advaaoo our oommerol»l interests la various quarters ofwith those of Oregon and California, led to the world Tho appropriaUou required for tell depart voice whatever to the election. Co be sure the bestTo the very last moment Mr. Douglas refusedforce is inadequaM to protect Amerloan oitlieaa aadaad constitution loving men" against the com- exhibit a flourishing condition of affaire in all its laml TOteof Whwonatn wen sot given on the 81, bet on thebled, during the approaching 'srestoa of Cocgrew, not announce the result; but then that vary thing placed all only to report tho apportionment ia tho Thirtj eighth tho power of aocepttng or rejecting M his bands and mCX* grew, bcrta present to that body the popalatlon of his alone. He would sot entertain any motion ea thefedsrelcr-mpelkd to* adtptico of the> exfeting ecu i <»<w-»r«, M P JvrCw G 6 N V.iw-« * W W a t t J c ^ table tact that we bare now ae atalrcwoa ia oar ihey erere tot eacceesfeX Mr. CoitM, ef li*a, ehtl»m*« fUntitled Document8r*K.kii: ^ w '\mAad a'teouthit ITm»j*wj of both heusMtt Its favor.of Kansas—Organisation of Hew Ter sMbries—Polygamy in Utah-The Franking Privilege—The Mile- age of Members-The In- vestigating Committees,Tbe second session of ibe Thirty sixth Congress of theUnited States, whtoh opens in tho Capitol at Washingtonat noon to day, the 84 cf December, will probably tokorank la history at tbe moat important and exciting number ef retM for President, tbnt nemaer oeing session that has yet boon hold. There are some appro- a majority of the whole numbtr ef mretere, hM bonaions, Indeed, that IS will also bo tbe latt. Whether been duly elected Pnsident of the Uatted Stotas-Vk*w*rm*mmmJ!erih tie UaST'imefw»tie wmfc»iiriats* t» Onfrea^-StT'f**"*'la laid that an objection is to he rawed * i- fcrmaiity fa regard to 'Tbepnrese "veu fas to ewelv|>nl, to thePer the mpportef She Army.Fur the support of too tUrf.For the aupport of too Pat ufBoa Dreuiasewt Far the support o' the Mlutery Aoademy. For the kgwlatlva, executive and jedSetal iu>•* »s*»Jfcj a 309 atoaj>sjf of mi apprehensions. Lot on hope, ccufiictiEg intutr'stn cf the day. Nc* Fulton New York13069** tee »cUrt committee, c\J renprt a b I a»d exjl'^wa cew "r-**• • r>«*>i J<.B.8; SaHaaaker. Prune« Br^<r« — ^»S p»edrord *HIJ» dwancd and atewV4 uarlcaUeee of *Cii %u,-jortcd It TR n !BC;J a r«cn, both* r*"J u im'stinitioc which was a ccmp»x>«ii«M« ot tfc»- Ma*r.r, e<i«»w*;n, J K IWik-tt; «ya«.#r, T a *«*>•Thomas M. TryniskiSouth 4www.fultonhistory.comth Street•tat^stjica, st:13 Uw" mafali^-'-r cl ti:?. ^ ;< e^ p»v ;:| #: ar<uM-.i;eta ir*)tc the b.^j»' ;h.:?iMr *»W4tl'! n,to4 