 10gpemiT FROI WAS3HGT0N.NEW YORK HERALD, FRIDAY, APRIL 20, 1860.-T1UPL1 SHEET.1B rtB ! THE PROCEEDINGSOF C0HGBESS. 1- be taken advantage of far that purpose. The war In this way tbe forces of the r.it^ I ,r M tewsbetweenyeartetfhadMrBaker,fthatbetafinallyatrflnrtaryofthePlatterrm,taldtrfhetJ"*f«" rrnslaeearnedtotheTillagessadhome*eftheseIn-jntttoBochchsma»imm^aw"^TS!.**reserve*toiniailf*.andthisinaccordancewiththetbeaggregateabouteightthousandtours.*W,w». dians,tadtochapunishmenttoaststuponthemaswillrxmpelthemtonbseatton£2;52LUd*,,•*•w«eaM•_HI.II>H**^ IIIIIIL IJ-.11 "ll'l* * * "*"views of tbe Secretory oftbe Treatary, tbe Secretary of the For tbe purchase and transportation of P^vlatatt ttto Interior tad Attorney General,the members of the adminis- presents, sed to meet '****•"**?***"* rwnmwet at trationexereerogasupervisionrespectivelyovereachofcouncilwahtbeB*dtakeand*•*'«TMh^t^hetethetwoerfieern Ideemitdoetoonrfriendly relationsto tbeState of Mtoneeota,for the •xl*i*bTM8Bi," -mmt 1keep thorn hi order la alt time to terns. Independent of Mates, tnd when that was one. 22? !? »• the Uthe state of affairs along the Texas frontier, they found a bsd1 insuperable objections tetbe^ncfesaTar i n ? \ « necessityforadditionaltroopstotbatquarterfromtheintbeBannerproposedu«^TSl!r.iW. *r*^ eoaditioa ef things along the Rto Grande, From * £ £ *"JTM*r£«e la supporTof 5? TM "**tbeyWASHINGTON,April19,1999. referencewatmadetolearned tbat Cortinas sad his head o f marau- place in connection with Ceritom",Cn« TJS? J?ANOTHERAFFAIROFHONOR.commasicateth8determine-Jontoyonlaadvance.Thistitletoleadsinthatstate,saidIndians•"*"2U*__"/ * tbe mere especially proper, at in May, 1868, it was two tbonsard tenia, Sir.fO*. provided thatthe^goodsipurtost accounts fromthe Mexican border,solelyonmysolicitationyonwouldconsenttoremain, chasedinItttfortbeYsnctonBateBandof8"Oux,tnein-ception of which wMdeoimed by tttem, maybe «••»«» Judge Black Challenged byHon. neve the place has not since become more agreeable to the negotiations with the said Chippewet of Rod lake sadTHXpanrrnonrvxffriGATtox.Mr. Kwo, (rep) of N. Y., stated that the Senate Prtot-derswerecommittingdepredations. Americanrangers badreappearedInthesU^'SSlTM ** bad entered upon Mexican soil for the purpose of captur- could grow out of such an affair a7 I K ? toghim.CortinaswaaprotectedbythepeopleontheRobert J. Walker.JAMES BUCHANAN. aa.VA*nrxaTOamBrausAV.The Commissioner urges the importance of holdmg ttto moved the printing ef two thousand extra copies of tbe lation of Mexican rights. Under these clrcumtutnces, a tempt an invasion ofMextetoTmilDebate on tbe Proposed Volunteer Regi- ment for Texas,(repiint)Reports of the Directors of tbe Mint (reprint).. Report of Captain 1M<greaves of an Expeditiondown the Zuui and Colorado Rivers (reprint) R*1 on of Captain Marcy of a Reconnolssanceofthe Valley of tbe Red River (reprint) Reports ef Explorations and Surveys for a Railroad from the Mississippi River to tbo11,700 46 62 066,088 78 26,250 57863.51390123,348 71 10,037 88240,4S6 72 6,981 08ate disssti*fled,with the price, provision shall be made for cettlement by legal proceeding.posed? Every consideration of economy required that tbey thou Id take the defence of the frontier Into tbeir own hands, and not leave it in the bands of tbe Texans. He hoped the flouts would agree to the Senate amendtag tworegimentsoftnttatey^^SiST**Mr. Stanton's substitute was lost, 49 sgsjnet 7kTheamendmentwatadoptedreducingthetermat •tody at Wett Point to four yearn, *Tbe Senate's amendment, to support a mounted Texan volunteers, wasrejected,9 9Mr. OTERO'S amendment was rejected.aatob nan be classed in the category of privileged com- to those friends with whom I have acteJ. requiresmy this much and I do it with no other' ^eeta^than to place myself correctly before you and them With tbe : the correspondence at a whole, I do assurance tbat I reciprocate your expressions of personalantthinkthereto. goodfeeling,Iam,sir,yourMend,veryrespectfullvand ibis only for a few moathe; and I have reason to be- yon.Fromyearfriend,veryrespectfully, Redriver.might be,he would not wah to Svs irginvestigatingCommitteewasreadytoreport,andMexicanborder,andcouldnotbearrestedwithoutavio-forcesuchssthatitwasprcpnteotoae Committee. That part of Mr. Scbnabie's teatsny which led Mr. Walker to take this course is as perpetuity of an elective government And in justlficeMortality Statistics of the Seventh CensusTotalWalker bad such a paper, bis duty to his country, as well an to himself, required him to produce it That in point ef fast, Dowever, he said the story was not founded in truth, or words to that effect Many severe remarksservice on the frontier of Texas, but a motion was imme- diately made to reconsider, which, It is believed, will he carried to-morrow.Nearly all the republicans voted against tbe Senate'samendment appropriating nearly 81,000,000 to enable thenumber; hut without, where the crowd could get a curb- stone v ew for nothing, it woe immense. Above and be- low, from attic to cellar, every window contained its rownetted between us. Be was in a state of great excitement. When 1 referred a second time to my having seen it, hetor of tbe Port, was not approved by you, I could not longer continue In oit'ioe. You at that time informed meFROTXCnOX OF THX FKOXTIRK OF TKXA8.The House went into Committee on tbe Senate's amend-appropriated to carry It on." Tbey bad letters read setting forth the horrible cruelties of tbe Indians, but if tbeIndians could write letters and supply us with thetr ver-tended treason to the democratic party, or a mere pretext forlector, which I said was Impossible. It ts also for thisI1LNK3S OF MB. WA8HBrilNX.Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, Chairman of the Comnitteeters Just read, and which come up here so opportunelyon this occasion. But be had not yet teen upon whatauthority the United States government was called uponto afford protection against these Indians, until the Texansthemselveshadexhaustedailtheirownmeans:, TheballoontathesmallestofthreewhichProfessor and were then compelled to coll upon the Wise keeps constantly on band for experimental sad pro- ration of justice to the people of Texas and economy in government to come to their relief. I f they fessional purposes, and is named "Ganymede," after one the affairs of the general government required the amend- set an example of this kind, they will have similar de- of the cup bearersjof Jupiter—thte small aerial steed bear-JAMBSC. Vix Dm, Esq.PmiADSxrau, March, Id,proposed councils at any early day, and remarks that, testimony. Adopted. althooghtheeatimstomayappearlarge,«<»,w1tn §•war with Mexico w a s imminent Tbe condition of things give tbe President the s t s t Lon the fron'ier threatens it The act of tbe government, in witboat the consent of attackingandcapturingtwoMexicanships,belongingto »foronewouldaetsa Miiamon, threatens it; and this latter act will make itself of tba regiment, which would s o o n t a ? . H!rL felt along the Rio Grande, and excite the people to1860. CAUSE OP THE DIFFICULTY. MY DXAB SIR—Your tetter to me, under date of the 14thTBIOtotoOf. supplementary tothe act fortaking tbeJtfee Black Decuaes in Invitation totheField.More Revelations Before tbe with the views of the Secretary of the Treasury, the se- cretory of tbe Interior, and the Attorney General. I re- Covode Committee. ttret that your letter is marked "Pi ivale," since coming trem the Prtsklent, with whose appointment I have been honored, and concerning, as it does, my official conduct, I ihould not be expected to treat it as such. I, of course, bave no objection to eflfer to the determination on the MOTHER AFFAIR OF HONOR EXPECTED. part of tbe administration to make tbe proposed change; but you will, I trust, excuse me in not allowing the impression to go abroal that this change is re- quired because tbe personal and political relations existing between tbe Collector of the Port and myself have ever prevented,on my part, the proper discharge ot official duties, or that such relations have in any way conflictedwith lie public interests. Tbat such a change Is not conTHS THJBTT THTW> COSGaaSS.The following i« » statement just made by SecretaryPR1VATX PROPXRTY FOB PUBUC CSBt.Mr. BAYARDreported a bill from the Judiciary fJommit-1 !Sr.vgt.n.? lbewn>y. This would ddmtaanuIiSlSiThe House billinstant,Isthismorningreceived,towhichyouInformonlyattherateofteadollarsperhead. censuswatreportedhackfromtheJudiciaryCommitteetakepartwahtbepeopleoftbecapitallacesofthecare,hewouldproposetbatuJrJ^L"*"8'exception of the methat"thedutiesoftbecollectorofanimportantpar THKCOSTOrBOMBOTTHXBOOMORDSKXDTOBXrnrTTXDtT andpassed.such open and Inveterate hostility as to for-justcompentstiontherefor,taditwattakenupanddie- CUsWCdMr. MASOX, (dem ) of Va., said he believed thit wat the first time a proposition had been made to give the Federal government power to take land without the consent of tbe owner. . . . . — _ .bid all personal and official intercourae with each other," and that for this reason it has been finally resolved to make a change accordanceTressury for books ordered to be published by resolutions of either or both bouses of the Thirty-third Congress, as appears from reports of tbe Superintendent of Public Printing :—againstmadecapable of meeting tbe danger. The result will be, ts shadowed forth by Governor Houston, tbat a volun- teer force will have to be raised to chastise the Indiana, and to repel the attacks of the Mexicans. What else willPadtinOcean—first volumeSeccnd volumeThird volumeFourth volumeF.tth volume Sixth volume..Seventh volumeKtgbth volumeNinth volumeTenth volume , Eleventh volumem . B M Robert J. Walker Mat a peremptory challenge their primary local elections. .This, in conformity with To Chile-your own just views as expressed in times past, when iu first and second volumestoAttorneyGeneralBlackaboutroaro'clockyesterday18S°-'40,1843-'4t,and1847-'49,Itwassupposedthat ThirdvolumeAc, &c, &«.trolled by these considerations U fairly inferable from961,021 9170,829 6488,294 427",818 4094,966 07 8<,l26 28, 68,617 42 . 74,464 97 . 69,026 90 .136,749 60 , 56,887 49Mr. CouAMxa (rep.), of Vt., tald tbe power to erect pub-lic build11gs and select the site was incidental to the pow-er to collect revenue, &c If. under the power to regu- meat late commerce, Congress bad power to build lighthouses,it must bave the power to locate the site.TBE AFFAIR OF HONOR.tAaarrel Between Hen. R. J. 'Walker • a d J edge Black.OVA BTSCIAL W_J8HI»aTOM M8PAT0H. WiaanroroM, April l«,.18fl0.tbe fact that the persouaTand political relations whlc I at present exist between tbe Collector of the Port and my (•elf are precisely tbe same as they were at the time ot my appointment, and when at your personal solicitation I accepted tbe office, and are the same as they bad been, with the full knowledge of the administration, for nearly one year previous to that appointment My relations with the Collector, as I bave frequently informed you in con- versation and by letter, are the result of my unwillingMr. MCBXA, (dem.) of Man., made a few remarks in fa- vor of the amendment.afteratan, by tbe bands of Senator Brown, of MUsis- Hr. Black verbally declined accepting tbe Invito/i without explanation.action of Governor Walker grows out of tbethe same power was used to prevent your political ad vancement, I have always disapproved and dlscounte nanced to the extent or my ability. The banding together by a Collector ot Customs of tbe entire force of suoordi sate lederal cUlcers, tbe necessities of many of whommay compel them to yield their own convictions to his threats of removal, and the controlling of the political preferences of ether persons under promisee ofSixth volume.some lengthVlr Gvtix rejoined, and the amendment was rejected byyeas 9, nays 33.Mr. WADE, (rep.) of Ohio, now moved to strike out allafter the enacting clause, and substitute the House Homo stead bill.Mr. BROW.V, (dem.) of Mits.. proposed some verbal al- terations, to which there were no objections.Mr. FITCH, (dem ) of Ind., offered an additional section to the House bill as an amendment, granting forty acres to any soldier or tailor wno may at any time have been mustered into military sei vice, provided he was not dls zharged under circumstances of dishonor. The proposi- tion was to extend the provisions of the bounty land war- rantsystemtosoldierswhohadservedlessthanfour- teen days.men than there was to exercise these precautions to keepdown tbe Indians. It had been asserted that a necessitybad long existed for a greater force on the frontier ofTexasthanwasstationedthere. Ifthiswasso,bowwasItthat the troops that were sent to Kansas, where tbey werenot wanted, were not sent to Texas ? Why did they not of the Multitude— Magnificent Spaa* send the troops that were sent to Utah to Texas? This t a c l e .cess to approve the conduct or the Collector in his tyraanicalabuseofthepatronageofthefederalgovern-ment, with a view to control tbe wishes of the people in United States Naval Astronomical Expeditiontheir intention to become citizens from the benefits derstand wby it was that ths army was not so dispose!thereof. satoplaceasufficientforceonthefrontierfortbepro- HouseadjournonFridayitbetotheSOtbtnsv.uIbof Mr. Scbnable, of Pennsylvania, before tbe appointment, are lnriiigemeuts o f the rightsforce was sent to Utah at an immense cost, and sent therefor no other purpose, be believed, than to watch the in-tercourse between Brtgham Young and his concubines and tbe entire locality of that neighborhood,fora httis(Laughter) Tbat curiosity being now satisfied, let the while yesterday afternoon, was la a fever of excitement trcope be sent ss quickly as possible to the Texan frontier,and when they have arrived there, surely there will be a over a balloon ascension from Peace Garden, by Profes- sufficient force to protect the people from all hostilities, sor John Wise, the celebrated aeronaut, whom noma mwhether they come from white men or Indians. He familiar to moat readers from his frequent connectionof the people, a violation of the democratic spirit of ourinstitutions, snd at ail times dangerous to the purity and91,351,748 8» Amount paid for books voted to tbe members of the Qataitoa— Have you recently conversed with any desire for office nor fear of removal could induce me so Thirty third Congress by the joint resolution of Feb. 24, memberofthisadministrationentbesubjectofthislet fartoforgetmyselfrespect,orforegomyrightsasaen ISM,andtheresolutionoftheBouseofJune20,1854,a*tion of my course, I bave to say, in a spirit of the utmost kind nets and good feeling to yourself personally, tbat noizen, as to yeld even a silent acquiescence in the conductwantedtheforcetoCexastobesupplementedbyUnited States troops, who would not be actuated by a spirit of partizacthlp, who would not be Impelled by the prejudices and revengeful feelings which actuate the border men,tion of tbo Senate bill, restricting the benefits conferred mosity and hatred to all Indians, and who nent from St. Loua to New York. A more auspiciousI s r t If so, are you at liberty to apeak of It? of the gentlemen who, in this respect, has 30 grosslyAnswer—1 bave recently had such conversation. There abused the federal patronage iu this State. This has beenheretofore the cause of diversity of opinion between the • no seer et about It, no confidential restrtint,upon either of Collector and myself. An additional cause has arisenon persons not citizens to those who at the time of the tones Friday wet I presume this Committee, like many be the principal matter of complaint I refer to the fact and, probably, most of the time without a quorum passage of the bill are residents of the United States. He that, within a few weeks, when the subject was brought advocated bis amendment at som* lengtn, and reviewed* ethers, has heard of it I had an accidental discussion to my notice by a citizen or Philadelphia, I expressed my Hence tbey cannot transact any important public bati tbe history of pest legislation upon the land systemMr. Jonxsox, (dem.) of Ark, replied to the remarks)! Mr Crittenden.After further debate, Mr. FTTZPATRICK, (dem) of Ala., moved to go into executive session.Mr. JOHXSOX, (dem ) of Tenn , thought if they were not prepared to act on tbe bill now tbey never would be. He hoped the friends of the measure would press it to a final vote.with enterprises of this character, bat more especially from the well nigh fatal st'empt he made late year , ia tompany with three other gentlemen, to cross our conti-The'House made another attempt to adjourn today, the porties. 1 have described tbe scene to many persons wilt in a short time, which, being now fresh, appwarsto but failed to accomplish it, and will sit without a Senateacted upon tde doctrine of "manifest destiny"—that the occasion for the purpose could not here been provided Indians must be exterminated. He would vote, if neoee. even by contract The day itself was beautiful—thestry, for the raising of two additional regular regiments,but be thought the plan proposed, of mounting two atmosphere clear, balmy and refreshing. Mo doudiregiments of infantry, was the one which tbe House loomed up in the distance behind which the seraidisapprobation of tbe conduct of the Collector of the Port, (if correctly reported to me) in paying to persons pro- fessedly employed in the revenue service large salaries out of the public treasury, when it is mil that such per- sons notoriously do cot discharge the, duties ol their ap-with Attorney General Black upon tbe truth of the exiet-taee of such a document as the one referred to in thistestimony, he denying and I affirming. He declared thatno such document existed, and never did exist I toldnbn I badseen it. Be affirmed that I was mistaken; that pointment, but either devote their time to other vietk. As much, however, cannot be sail of the Senate,bustneia callings, or are engaged in the discharge of• such a letter existed no good citizen would with other public duties properly compensated for at a many of its members having already left the city.reason that the cause now given for my removal is to medeserting to Ac Hack republican ranks. He further added, tbe more unaccountable: for since then nothing has oc- on Commerce, has been quite ill for several days, but m would be a crying shame to let the summer pass withoutTHB BALLOON.suetifanyoneattackedtheadminittratiouonthisground,curredtochangemyofficialrelationswiththeofficersatreducingthesavagestosubjection.Mr. PxsDixTox,(dem.) of Ohio, thought every conside-Philadelphia, except it be tbat arising from my official no-tice of tbe report of the improper payment of salaries bythe Collector, to which I have alluded, and in regard 10which I have expreesed my opinion, that upon inlormasufficiently convalescent to be able to obey the instrac tions of his physician and journey for a short period. Be will join his family in Massachusetts.ToTHEPWBSIDSMT. Att'y.forC.S.,E.D.ofPa. BoyceuniteIntheminorityreport.MR B U C B A X A N T O M B V A X D I C K S . WAduiiHttox, March 19,1860t h e y w e r e f o r c e d t o c o m e b e f o r e C o n g r e s s a n d o a k f o r a i d ID consequence of the numerous depredations and mar derE of unoffeodicg women and children. When these enormities are brought before the attention of Congress, Instead of their exciting indignation, they found the genu s i n c h e s i n l e n g t h b y t w o l e d s i x i n c h e s l a b r e a d t h — apparently a small area for an indivtddal to mov* around with any great facility, but one which, the Profess tr stated, ts amply sufficient for all the present purposes of an aerial voyage. The grappling Iron wetgis fifteenof the correspondence en the subject, which Is said to be riod, and this although your official superiors In tbe difthe public interests required such a change. 1 had hop d,she city, at the time of writing, that notes have pasied although almost against hope, wnen I last solicited you to Tbe various movements in both houses to secure a Con rexan frontier is insufficient, inasmuch as tbe majority ofgoing on to night. Indeed, a rumor is afloat throughout fereut departments were long since of the opinion tbat dx. declared that the number of United States troops on tbeChippswatof Red takeand Rodrivta,£ * * * • volvingthiscountryinbloodshedft L\E?£? 5L*-and those of the District Attorney are in their nature sointimately connected tl at it is quite impossible for themto conduct tbe pubic business, with due regard *t•o thepublic interests, while they are in a a" of Cobb, showing tbe amount tbat bat been paid oat of ttto tee, taking private property for pnblto uaat and allowingsuit. An stuck by Mexico will inevitably be made, and be would ask, was the government ready to repel it* Were tbe troops on tbe Mexican border capable of repell- ing inch an attackr Are they strong enoogh to discharge their doty in protecting the frontierinfantry now on the Texan frennuau-^L!?*' zed into two renments of cavalry. w . T ^ » ****»•-Compendium of the CensusArrets on tbe Death of Vice President King.. 8,243 47 Anortws' Report on Colonial and Lake TradeAddresses on the Presentation of the Sword of Gen. Jackpon to CongressBalloonWiee from Palace Garden—BntJkaetaasaUnited 8taU8 Naval First volume Second volume Third volumeExpedition toJ a p a n - 998,463 2599,636 42 42,380 nOappears from the records or tbe office, 9202,505 40. SO RECESS OF THX HOUSE FOR THX TONVSMTtOMS.Mr. WADE opposed this, as likely to embarrass the bill.Mr. Fum said he had no such intention.Mr. CRITTKSDXN moved an amendment to the fifth sec- who were known to entertain a singular ani-cess, and none legally.Tbte completes the hundredth day the House baa beenought to adopt. It would be a dangerous thing to raise,equip and arm a regiment of Texan Rangers, to operate ontbeir own frontier, snd officered from among themselvesTbe border men were impetuous and r u b , and would soonplunge the country Into a war. Gentlemen said that a comfort or safety of the celestial vehicle and its preatoanIn actual session. There Is no doubt, from present indi- cations, fhat a quorum will be present during the nextvoyager was to be tost to view, sad a gentle breeze from tbe southeast served to cool the warm rays ef aa almost summer sun, without promising an Interference with tbaO n r W a s h i n g t o n C o r r e s p o n d e n c e * , WA8HDIGTO», April 18,1*60.t ou was, what description of troops were required? I t1 ad been shown that some filty-one men, women aud983 332 33 23,67237 16,443 91He would, for himself, assent to no such restriction. there was nothing to be apprehended from them. He Mr. GWIN withdrew his modification. believed tbat there was a greater necessity to keep aMrBRAGG,(dem)ofN.C,opposedtheamendmentatwatchoverandchecktheoutragesandcrimesofwhiteAdjourned.THE AERIAL TRIP.966,441 §8Mr WKJFAIX, (dem) of Texas, said the Federal govern-ment bad not tbe right of eminent domain. This has al- follow? When tba hat been done, when the people ofways been the loctrine of the republican party. He did Texas bave taken the matter into their own hands, afternot mean the blacks. The bill provides that when carrying the war into the Indian Territories, and into tbe them from companies, at the i Congress shall determine to make the purchase of Mexican territories, and having performed thte doty ac- tion tmong officers.any place for the erection of public build- cording to tbeir own discretion, the people of Texas will Mr. HCGBXB, (dem) of Md.,ings, & o , with the consent of the State, the President present to this House a bill of costs, which they would have which was rejected, proposing that A T -,eball appoint commissioners to fix the value, which price to pay. Yes, they will be bound to foot the bill. Know creased by an additional regiment ef mvao? V we, mbeing paid, the property shall be held in fee by the Uni- ing thai, would tt not be better to give Gov. Hoatton (be to bave cavalry, let them be propetry driltoa' aad H U .ted States. In esse the owner or owners of the property power to rates tbe regiment of mounted Texaos at pro likely to fall from their horses at tbe first cborteTwar with Mexico was imminent. Wby. a war could be freight The streets were thronged wah people, and far betaItIInquiredofhimwhetherbeinvitedItsprolowerrateofsalary.ThisIhaveconsideredtoboin THXxorrrxDRXGIUXNTPOXTXXAS. Afteraconversationaldebate,towhich,bycommonraisedatanytime.Warwa«atthepresenttimeattheirsectiontothenameofthePresident.Hereplieddirectviolationoflawandtreasuryregulations,and TheHousetodayconcurredintheSenate'samendmentconsent,itwasagreedtovoteontheHomeiteadbillonverygates.Theyhadmenmurderedtoordertogetopanhourprevioustothetimeannouncedforthetaoanaatas subjecting all who were knowingly concerned"Yes," that be challenged its production; that If Gov. In it to censure. I have condemned it, therefore, in com- to the West Point Academy bill to raise volunteers forWednesday week, the bill was made the special order for a cause of war. If war with Mexico Is Imminent, It Is it seemed sa if the entire world of femininity were out onthat day, and the Senate went into executive session; after which it adjourned till Monday.House of Representatives. WABBTSGTON, April 19,1860.President to call into service a regiment of Texas mountedagain, in MoA rage, declared thai J was in gnu error; that that there was nothing that bad occurred to lessen your volunteers. Messrs Carter, Curtis, Junken, Morris of ment to the Military Academy bill authorizing the em-because that a party of these very men will eater Mexi00 promenade, and converging from every quarter of tbain search of a person, the Mexicans will resist, city towards tbe precincts of Palace Garden.they will come to blows, and then we will haveawardeclared,anditwillbeannounced,"That,whereat Insidetheenclosure,owingtotheadmissiontotofa war exists with Mexico by reason of her own act, there- twenty five cents, the assembly woe not particularly fore a sum of thirty millions of dollars shall be large, probably not exceeding seven or eight hundred inpliance with my official obligation to the government, and with the confident belief tbat my conduct in such matter would meet the approval of the country and the government 1 have also to state thai In October,' 1869,1 (rankly informed you that If my course in all matters of party issues, though hostile to the dictation of too CollecUu Prauient never wrote such a document, and if Qoe. Walk- confidence, or to cause you to desire a change; but, on thecontrary, your wish was that I would continue in the posi- Penn., snd Schwartz voted with the democrats and South-ever sow utter pent* pretended to haoe such a document, tion; at the same time expressing a desire that I should be ern opposition In its favor.M wu a mere pretence to cover up a perpetrated or in on friendly personal and political relations with the Col{to use bis exact words) " We will pat a shirt upon him •rem which be will never escape."whsComstitutum.Inreferencetoanothermatterentirely;thechargeissustainedbya.lthefacts,Ithemostbrilliantoratoricaleffortofthesession.Onehun-pleinrisingsndtonietingchastisementtothefullestexamendment,thatalikesum,nearlyamillonofdollars,bethemottotalargeletters,"ExtraFlementtaManiaMan- have not been able t o say, the inform- dred thousand copies have already been ordered by tent on the Indians, wherever found. appropriated to raise a mounted regiment of volunteers for dV'—which being interpreted means "Beyond the flaming I met Judge Black there accidentally; I did not expect to ant not having pressed a further investigation. Baviog Southern Senators for distribution. Another reason why tba force should be employed was the suppression of Indian hostilities in New Mexico. He boundaries of the world." Tbe diameter of the Gany- our critical condition with Mexico, growing out of events thought that when this question was taken up, when the mede a twenty-seven feet It has a oapanty for aboutQuestion—In case you had such interview, what led tohrTHX HOMKSTXAD BOX. TbeHomesteadbillwastakenup.Mr. Gvn, (dem) of Cai., modified his amendmentmy, which he considered was already strong enough for lands, so as to exclude those who had merely declared the protection of the country. He could not possibly un-relating to tbe legalizing the occupancy of the mineralployment in Texas of mounted volunteers.sions of these transactions, whatthorrlbla pictures of Chris- of laces. Roofs were crowned with spectators, treat tian men's cruelty and torture would be revealed 1 You blossomed with little urchins, white the great family ofPre*\dtrtl'» Last Levee of the Season—The Lions of tke ew months past, huskies an equal number carried into warriors Such men as be, such humanitarians as he, pronga, protruding in every direction, enab»e a readily la captivity. There was, then, a war between the whitesEvening—Charleston Delegate*—Contesting tbrce*—Jfr. and the Comanche Indians, and the question which pre were more hateful to tbe Indians themselves than their catch into anything with which it may come in ooouci, Douglas—Ike toefc, Fernando Wood, rfc.—At*lilion Peti- sented itself was, were there a sufficient number of open foes were. He felt sensitively upon the question for while tbe cord by which the bailoon it anchored to treestroops on the barters to protect the people of Texas and be had bad his own 'relatives' blood shed on the soil of fences, chimneys, or anything else which efforts a hold, a tions—Mr. Seward—The Irish Catholic—The Natim, to keep the Indians in check? The Secretary of War has New Mexico by those savage Indians. His mother bad only of the size of a common clothes line Being made of been surrounded by them, and his brother's blood had linen, however, It is said to be equal to all eme-genoet,been spilled by them, since the annexation of New Mexico 10 the United States. They had suffered more than tbey bad while under the iron heel of Mexican despotism They bad thought their condition would have been bettered by the change, but so for sa their prosperity and material resources were concerned, they had been ruined. Mr. Otero put in some letters to be read, to which tbe agent for Indian Affairs in New Mexico detailed the crucltie s cf the Indians. He denounced the doctrine tbat had been set up, that because there were a few bad, lawless white men in the Territory, the great bulk of the peaceable, industrious and wealthy citizens, should be left to the mercy of the Indian savages. These lawless whites, ho assorted, were not the permanent citizens of New Mexico, but roving emigrants and fugitives from jus- tice,who,havingnomeansoflivelihood,takeportwith the Indites against the peaceable inhabitants. NewTeePresident'slettertacommenteduponwithseverityInstBeforereceivingyourcommunicationofthe14thfortbenextfourweeks;batitwillbesomethingtokeepfantryandaccustomthemtotheuseofthehorse,fortheandanIndiancommunicationofonethousandmiles—and thus combuiee the essential adrantaxee of lurhtneat and strength. 6 *THK 1WFL4TI0N.In order to facilitate this operation, a bran ;h pips badbeen laid connecting with the main in tbe street, and when our reporter arrived on the ground tbe necx of lha ba.lcon, which was elevated on a platform in toe centre of the garden, waa closely tiet over a convaea tube, which in turn communicated with the pipe, under gr « u i M<1 through this the gas was rushing into the baiioon in'a six inch Bttf am. At a distance ot every five or six le*t around its sides were bags weighing eighty pi ,* n each, connected by hooks to the caret of the batiooa, whveh servedtoholdtbeimpatientcoarserta,restrainieoxa siotal surges from side to aide, and check its iacliaattonsupward.THE ASCENSION.Tbe t our announced for the ascension was four o' aock; and punctual to the moment the Professor mounted the platform, and stated that he was ready-, but be ex- pressed the desire that as a large unmoor ofbetween Messrs. Walker and Black, agreeing upon a remain in office, that your personal regard for myself, if gressional recess in order to dance attendance at the them are Infantry, a deeciiptton of troops useless in e war with the Comanches. Reference was made to the*ee); but I doubt if the affair has proceeded to such an nothing else, would eventually induce you to mod 11 y yi>ar fortboming political party Conventions having been report of tbe Secretary of War wherein the enrolment ofbostility against the Collector to such a degree as to induce ignomlniously rejected, when brought to an honest vote, a volunteer mounted Texan regiment was recommended, anient at this time.'' you to hold personal and official intercourse with him con fhere were ei*ht hundred miles of frontier to protect,corning yonr respective pubiic duties. Had this b?cn the we presume that no further efforts will be made to render extending lroui tbe Kio Grande to the country occupiedThe arrival of the RKJULP to night, with the testimony case it is all I should ever have required. In this hope I am ef Governor Walker, and announcing that be had chal- sorry to say I have been entirely disappointed. I shall part with you with deep and sincere regret, and at thethe legislative department of tbe federal government amere lacquey in waiting upon these irresponsible outsideby the Comanche Indians in the winter, and the troops stationed on this frontier are totally inefficient tolenged a member of the Cabinet, produced the most In- present moment entertain no feelings toward you and gatherings of party spoilsmen and jobbers. The two protect the inhabitants. Well, then comes tbe question bow to remedy the evil, and put a Bloptense excitementII • rumored that other challenges may grow out ofthe testimony of Mr. Schnable and Gov. Walker, Lnvolv- ssf other members o* the Cabinetyours except those of hearty good will. From your ti.iuses will continue in session, lesvlng the President to these hostilities, and to punish the Indiana Thatfriend, very respectfully, JAMES BUCHANAN. JAKES C VAN DTKK, Esqmakers at Charleston, Baltimore and Chicago to do theirwas the question to consider. It had been sug- gested tbat two regiments of infentry should be raised; but this plan was not the proper one. It was known tintwork without an official recognition from either house.MR VAN DYK8 TO MR BUCHANAJIPHTLAPRLPniA,March24,1890. Fromtbeabsenceofmembersinconsequenceofthese bodiesofinfantrywereutterlyuuacquaintelwithhorse-MY DEAR SIR—I have the honor to acknowledge the re Conventions, very little business may be done In Congress manship, and required a very long time to make themceipt on the 21st Inst, of your letter under date the 19th elllcieut as cavalry. It was now too late to mount in- Mexico bas on Indian frontier of fifteen hundred miles,by the Lecomptonites, and startles every one. inst., I had been furnished with no Intimation from your tbe mill going, although very little grist may be passed self personally, or from any member or your adminis- through the hopper.tration, tbat the personal relations existing betweentbe Collector or the Port and myself were such as in At the President's reception last night, the last of theaummer was at hand, the most favorable time for opera- tions, and if they allowed the summer to pass they could not operate sgainet the Comanches this year. It was said that the Secretary of War had long withheld bis recom-that was to say, that to reach the States from the frontier, tbe frontier people bad to traverse one thousand miles of Indian territory; and yet, under these circumstances, Congrees bad up to this refused to give them any efficient protection or old. He saw no humani-THE COVODE IH7ESTIOATI0N. terfered with the proper discharge of my official duties. season, there were a considerable number of Charleston mendation for the raising of this Texan regiment. That These relations, distasteful as they may bave indeed delegates present, from Maine to California; but, as the was true; but now tbe necessity for checking the hostilitiesiscience Between the President •ad.Mr.VaaDyke,of Philadelphia.oca sraciALWASHINGTON DESPATCH.ty in defending and protecting savages who murdered people were coming into the garden, and by been,bave,however,uponnooccasionbeenallowedbyreaderwillinfer,veryfewofthemwereofthebecametourgentthattheSecretaryofWarbadmadetheinnocentmen,womenandchildren.Tbeyoughtfirsttotbeir"qiarters"everymomenthe'piugtodlraiwas before the Covode Investigating Committee to-day, This was especially the case In our last conversation,during the evening. Fernando Wood, chief of the antt ed, though the commander of thd.troops upon that occasionmet, until they subjugated them. (Laughter.) Thatwould be ha plan The reason he desired to bave volun-teers raised for the protection of the frontier was, tbat bythe punishment that would be tnfilcied upon toe Indiansby the frontiersmen they would be impressed with a salu-tary fear of them, and that they might know that it wasnot necessary to send for foreign aid for the purpose. gentlemen holding tbe c-rris now gradually came•he object being to obtain from him a copy of certain eorrespondence between the President sad the witness. A e following a the substance of the questions and an easts between tbe Chairman and witness —Question—in your former examination you stated thatto which you have referred, and in which you will no doubt upon reflection remember tbat official duties and re latiocs were not mentioned. Your only request at tbat time was that I would not interfere with the Collector in his management of the then approaching campaign to elect delegates to our Stale Convention, called for tbe purpose of nominating a Governor and sending delegates to thewas one of tbe most humane and gallant officers in the American service. If this occurred with regular troops, it was not to be wondered at If it should sometimes happen with irregular troops, especially in wars where women took part. But the government was bound to afford pro- tection to the people of Texas. When Texas was annexed to tbe United States the government assumed the dutv of protecting the Inhabitants against the savage foes who in- festedtbeborders,anditwillbeacryingshameiftheymyselftostandinthewayofthatofficial intercourse whichtbepublicinterestsrequired. Tourconversations withmeaswellasyourletterstomeonthissubject, have invariably referred to the subject In Its poiuica)Douglasschool. TbePresidenthimself was inex- cellent condition, and appeared to be entirelycon- fident of the best results at Charleston to the country, therecommendatiouforavolunteerregimentingoodfaith. As tothischarge,thatvolunteerregimentsmurderedwomen andchildren,hedeniedtbatsuchwasthecase,exceptto instances where it was unavoidable. In tbe operations oflookaftertbesafetyofthewhites,theirfellow cittizens Ifhehadbisownwaybewoulddispose01theminadif- ferentmanner.nitbhitexpenses,theauaieneeshouldwaithat-anboir, andthusmutuallyreciprocatethegoodlotentnotofeach towardstheother. Theaudtenawas,fortunatey,g>od natored, and, after a few complimentary sallies ' on tbeMr. BTANTOX, (rep ) of Ohio—How? WisunoTon,April19,I860.aspects,andasaffectingthemanagementofinternalparty,andtbeexistingadministration.InthecompanyregulartroopsitsometimeshappenedthatwomenwereMrOTERO—MyplanwouldbetoraisearegimenttoProfessor,heputthequestiontoavote,wb*cnunani-J.C.VanDyke,recentlyremovedasUnitedStolesDis-partypontics,inwhichIbavealwaysconsidered killed.Inthegallantfightofthe13thorMay,whenfortyNewMexico,anatogoforthandkilleveryIndiantheymouslydecidedtahitlavorAhalthourto*accord-every citizen fully competent to judge of bis own course, present, too, we beard frequent mention of the name of or fifty Indians were killed by the troops, eight Comauche trict Attorney of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, without the assistance of a Collector of Customs Gen. Jo. Lane, though we were not aware of his presence Indian women were unavoidably and unintentionally killAlbany Regency delegation; Gen. Caleb Cuthing, of Matsacbusetto.and Col. Cook, Postmaster of Chicago— fatalliarly known as Ike Cook—the head of the anti Douglasdelegation from Illinois, were among the notabilities in theEast Room; but Mayor Wood, it it but fair to say, was thelion of the evening among the strangers there, some ofwhomappearedtobesurprisedtonudhimanamiableand elegant looking gentleman, instead of a veritable bor- let the aummer pens without affording them that pro- der ruffian eight fe«t high. tection-Without such a body of men tbey could have no perma- together, tbe balloon was allowed to rise to ia •ui» height. nent security. and Profettor Wise, w i n tbe coolness of a veteran,Mr. STANTON called attention to the remarks of Mr. took potseetion of the frail vehicle prepare! for lit reoepOtero,toshowthatiftbeymadeaaapplicationfor ttcn.lingeringforamomenttoadjustthebaliiti.=e:arsthe furnishing of a regiment of mounted volunteers bit valve rope and Impart a few toetrucuoos, toe or-• yen had any conversation or correspondence with the Charleston National Convention. And tbe only occasionFrestdent,priortothemonthofMarch,1800,itwasof InwhichIeverhadanyintercoursewithanyothermem- n private and confidential character WiU you state ber of the administration touching this matter was inwhether you have bad any conversation or correspon dencewithhimsincethattimerhave,sir.that correspondence of a private and tics, and had special reference t o the Judi it will be on the ground or irregularity, coupled with e earshot of the people of the capital of the Stale, sixty- arising from the policy now sought for tbe first time to rounding buildings, Mr. Wise very compos.-ilyJ* »k nta aonndtnlialcharacter? cialNominatingConvention.Thetenorofhisflatteringrecognition01theirorthodoxyasdemocratstofourmen,womenandchildrenofthatStateweremur-beinaugurated.Wouldtheyputthecountrytotheex-placeontheedgeoftbebasket,andtatbi*••.••nrwhst conversation wan to secure a complete combination among good standing In the national church. The same rule of dered by the Indians. The papers of this morning give pense of furnishing these regiments whenever a frontier perllocs position, waving a small American fl»«, 'em*ined1868, when the Attorney General, in convenation, informed me that, in his opinion, the good of the partyrequiredunionandconcertofactionamongallthefederal officers. This conversation referred only to delegates into the Convention at Charleston, the chaaces nad beard it stated by tbe two gentlemen Tom Texts, they would be called upon to do it in several. The com ly tnd majestically Idee a thing of life, ana »ingf' its way unity in the management of internal party poli- areastentooneagainstthem. Ifexcluded,however, that,withinhe limitsoftheiratotrtos,scarcelyoutof mitteewoulddowelltotookatwhatwouldbetheresults totberegionabove Attheballooncleared?!-etur-The first totter was, but tbe injunction of se- the rederal officers of acharacter which dil not receive Irregularity will doubtless be applied to the "Ike Cook,"deplorable accounts froa the Texan borders, whici sh •w might be exposed to Indian depredations? The claim until lost toview. Apropos to this littlefl.g tbe Pr Jtawas rasas tad at my request my approval, for I bave always regarded such combine fas there anything contained ia that cerret- lions astatconflict with the doctrine of State righto en inwri'icwu vj uu democratic party, and bave be afanaturethattoyouropinionitwouldbe&2*m*A!~2S*P«*.^haThenevedor anti Douglas bard shell delegation from Illinois; but we apprehend that this delegation and their representations at Charleston will not be without their influence, to the prejudice of the high reaching Northwestern pretensnatthat people are murdered and hornet deserted because urged for this particular kind of protection was, that the tbe government will not give the people aid and protec- frontier people were the beet qualified to protect tbeirtion from the wild snd savage Apaches. These accounts own homes. If this was sound logic tn the case of Texts, showthatthereisanImperativenecessityexistingthatitwasequallysoundlogictourgeonbehalfofNewtor Informed our reporter that he bad already tsdteo it ap one hundred and two times, (tba a ha three tuadre 1 and second ascension) and that, as be bod never exp* lenoed sn accident wben he bad it in bis possrasioa, too i<b no! superstitious, he waa almost inclined to look upon rt as aNew Mexico. It was evident, therefore, if they alopted Bleed to earth was severed ,aod amid the waving • >' ti»tsxz<i WithregardtotheadmissionofMayorWoodandhisamendmentwouldbetonourredtobytheHouse.Theythepolicyofraisingavolunteerregimentinonecase,thecheersand"Godspeeds''ofthemultiude.itpeetlo*Utotto unite in them would be derogatory^to everyltorevealonthegroundofpubicpolicy,or feeling governmentshould,withoutdeity,ordertheenrolmentMexico,UtahandotherTerritories:andIfadmittednowof self respect. I regret that tbe duty 1 owe to mv» myself andof a Texan mounted regiment; and that, if this was not It will be urged whenever tbe necessity exists. It wasdone, that then the people of Texas wdl be justified in or- not denied that the people of Texas were exposed to In- teluman against harm. and would not now on »uy eeaoastor the "Utile Giant."If we are not mistaken, upon General Smalley,of Vermont, Chairman of the National ExecutiveHold over-Committee, will devolve the duty of ganizing a body to inflict chastisement on these Indians dian depredations, to robberies and to murders; but be without it. It ts one of the few remneuis ef bis trip calling the Convention to order; and as he a not fore- wherever they may be found. The gentleman from New from St Lourt. The balloon remained long in »vbt, end, sworn to any particular candidate, we nave no reason to York (Mr. Oiln) denies tbat any regular war existed neither could it be denied tbat the peaceful Indian for a few momenta, looked. In her graceful beauty, lite aanticipateanyartfuldodgingtothepreliminaryorganisa- betweenthewhitesandIndians. Whatdidthegentle- boraetswereequallyexposedtotbedepredationsoflaw- very"lordoftheboundlessrealm,"butatthe.rose Question—Does that correspondence relate in any man- JAMES C. V A N DYIKJJI tion of the Convention. We remember that in the Balti- man mean by a regular war? The Indians were not in lees white men. gradually upward, taking first a northeasterly sad toauy To His Excellency JAVJB BTCHAXAV, President more Convention of 1844, which supplanted Vsn Buron tbo bsbii of formally declaring war before they com Mr. CTETIH, (rep ) of Iowa, denied that the Indians were a due east course, she dwindled to a mere speok, end estBartoyawremovalfromoffice,ortothecombination ?v*m*J"M,J°*delegatesinbisfavor,itwaschargedmenoedhostilities.No;buttheymaketheirapproachexposedinthesomeway. sconloettovisiontatbeblueetherialtky.ig the federal ameers in your State for political pur- Attorney General Black was summoned before the BtealthUy, and rob, and burn, and kill before theirlinten- Mr. STANTON, in support of his argument, showed how Covode Committee to-day, to testify relative to the public by his friends tbat the thing was done by moving the fore the Indians had been driven from tbeir Reservea by thsMr. PBNMETON, (dem.) ot Ohio, hoped that the SenateangereftheConventionclockfifteenminutesahead,tiorsareknown.ItbaabeenalsochargedagainsttheTexansbeforetbeycouldgathertothecropswhichthey Mr.WholandedonLongIsland,thenraseajra*,we» retotesaltogethertothosesnbjeeto, bladingandhitlegalconnectiontherewith,buthatesti-wherebysomeoftheprincipalVanBurenmenwerepeopleofTexasthattheybadcommittedgreatcrueltiesbadplanted.TheIndianshadbeendrivenfromtheircamedo«ntoLongblondSound,andafter•>«•«^^yeaanyobjectionstofurnishingthis » U» a copy of that correspondence raaIam myselfconcerned,Ican hare areotherstovolvedinItthat etire to expose it.lave yo« a copy of it with you f saveantowanm.chairmanwassprunguponthem-Hendricksft.WriS*, heattbesometimecontendedthattheaccountsuponrelative to his conversation with Mr. Schnable about the of Pennsylvania, we beheve-devoted to the gam? df that bead were very much exaggerated. But that such tbe United States troops bad to interfere to protect themPresident'sletterofinstructionstoGovernorWalker. RobertJWalkerandbittwo-thirdsrule.NothingsfoutragetwereatailcommittedshowedthattbepeopleofIntbeirexodnstoothersettlements.Hethenreferredto TtfJ?*'•owww.M«a heapprehended at Charleston Texas had been exasperated beyond endurance It thecommunicaticnfrom tbe Commissionerof IndianAf-reachedtheretosafety.On Saturday, a pupil of Prof. wtae. named asgostts"•nyaf tossy* »Mr.Greenwood,CommissionerofIndianAffairt,sub-^pe*lf,ik?,p,'*illTe«»T«taw,he.,thegameoftheES^JIl4*!?£<U*n!to«ettfteB*tter*•*Prudense.whomentertainedmostrevengefulandvindictivefeelings,there,saveonoftbeWabash,whichitbeing«haveto taw.yon mNewEnglandrepublicansforthelVesMencyfit*verr a< toaUn over,preparatorytogoingtoordinary,wbienwere- mits, in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, aa S ^ ^ * L * , ^ J » * • people feared, bm the which they would give vent to in summary ven- marly completed The new stone ways being ' ^ f * ^estimateeftheamountsthatwillherequiredtohold£!fr**iwWwaatofthteeteaaaresupposedtodepredationsoftheComanchesandApaches,whoweregeancewhenevertheygotthechance,whethertheta-theeasternabtpbcuteare,however,betogP»<**TMT* councilawiui certain Indians of the Plains and In the be thrown ss awkewetehto to w n oT-.~i the Inveterate enemies of the white people. Wat it rtans were guilty of depredations and hostilitiet or not with vigor by the Superteteodeot, Major T«ff, atta WIO ir on becarjse there were some lawless white men en the He denied that tbey wouRl raise a body of such men sa wild viror »y 100 oop»n»wuun", » v •— > — ,n.hWi StoleofMinnesota,atfollows:— I.*2f^2?'35«°«>SathisSitttTw theernersencydemandedtothisway.Anotterdisre-theremovaloftimbertoamoreconvenient^*»•"".mony was unimportant la itself. He was not questioned cheated In tbe matter of time, and that thus a pro tempore •pon tbe Indians. He admitted such was the ease, bat bomet with a strong band, snd with such violence that through tbe water towards Throgg s Neck, It It f appose*MISCELLANEOUS DESPATCHES, WAsrayoTON,April19,1800.orAllsideswillbevigilant,andwemaytbatrestassured showedthattheIndianhostilitieswerecharacterisedby fairs,whereinitwassetforththataoatofthecharges oca,atthesameboorandplace.that everything will be done on the square. acts of cruelty and atrocity, ef murders and assassin a urged igatntt the Indians for tbe abduction of white wo- N a v a l I n t e M « e n e e .**fthepirchaseandtransportationofprovisionsand £a'£^^J^t*EL^t" to tteJore£8 gardofhumanlitewasoneoftheprevailingfeelingsamid localitybytbeIaspector,Mr.Orr.EverydTP*****" D of ttM wao 8 border men,and if tbey raised such a body of men and going through a thorough brush up « « * « « • » :From the vast number of petitions presented in the tions, beyond all precedent in the annals of border war- men and other things were wholly unfounded. He was PXCOIITX NAVT YAXB Srnee the departure of .O'- t»r»I^S!.i*S .*J*•»TM*erandotherNewdvtod DyfareThosewhocontendedorimaginedthattheReserveopposedtotbeenrollmentofvolunteerregimentsofbor-rlhaacorvetteDonnaIsabellafromtbeyardandoar iS?i,I*,we!2BOt "O""***"*w*hthesehostilities,knew derers,commendedbyofficersselectedbythemselvet, port,thingsbaveresumedtheirusualetiwet wry( Mbtefoftbonatter,andthegentlemanfromNewYork allofwhom,menandofficers,mightbesupposedtobare menareemployedontheUntiedStotesveasalytaf 2^.i?«r).,KWhe? •«"««>« tbls.had aliowad ha seal on been engaged in depredations upon the Indians, and all efW^te.Mdtoineettheneeeiswyexpeowsinholding-andespeciallytotbeIrishCatholicvote,areundertoimr.r2^A?•**•""**populationweretobe jm» « e n c i l w i t h t h e K t o w a a , C o m a n c h e s a n d o t h e r I n d i a n s v e n t i l a t i o n , a n d h e r o h i t r e c o r d i t s h o w n l £ E S S S ? e q n i p p e d t h e m t s a m o u n t e d r e g < m e n t , t h e y w o u l d e x t e r - s t a n c e s w i l l p e r ma ni t w w iat nh ti nh e e g g r r e e a a t t li y y t Je s«w«w«j i^ *» » - * I ! i left deftncelts to the attacks of savage Indians? Was that bands employed Commix ore Breete bai diepa.* el |Wt»SUIT!!.»•*JJ»Arkaamariver,westoftheoneana-denttojustifythedosepersonalfrtendahi'olrAroavagoodreasonforwithholdingtheprotectingarmoftheminatetheIndians.Thequestionthenwat,wouldthe 1.CommodoreBreetthatdaptaF*.went lengtltude, numbering, at MshopHnghea But tba is the special weakness V i w government from tbe delence of innocent dtizjnx? It was committee allow the regiment to be raited to carry, out taste in command, by the laying out e^ e*« varaIhoniadsouls.1100,00*. ardtouchingtheelementsofthelateAmericanDart*ibeooncurrtntopinionofaUpersonswellinformeduiwutbeideaanBouncedbytbedelegatefromNewMexico,toandtbogeneraldeanlraetsappareeteverywhereW«"yensporutionofprovisionstad andastheseelements,opposedtothedemoejrsarua Unasubjectthatitrequiredmountedmen,goodriders exterminatethewholeraceofIndian.?Ifthisideawot timetbetreespnlouttheirfoliageeverythingw»lton•oua, 335,000.of provtotoHa tote, however, will very largely depend upon tba iMitne. This force can bo organtotd at enoe. Such a wares arcum,•HSMI g tbat object. This course was not tbe taken at the Marine Barrack*, noleta those wh > "- K-Ottoheldnoouu-morelikelytobereachedbytherepublicansthan1 sadexpertmarksmen-menaccustomedtoborderrijfbt,ifitwa«toaccordancewithtbecivilizationanathenicestpossibletrim.TheUnitedStatesr^irieg**atodbelowthe IrishCatholicsformingthefrontrankofthedemoeraeT me,accustomedtotrailing—menabacanmoretnthe Cbritttaaityofthenineteenthcenturytoexterminatea NorthCuremabasaveryemailquotaofta-a<rp"o*rer Mr Seward really begins to feel the ground slippiax t°iZ!?c,??w0r * • «m e»d by tba stars and natural forma- wboie people, wby, then, rates this regiment of Texan eempared to this time last year. Recruits are •' '»*«•gg *H S** number awayfromunderbisfeet ^ w i^.***?*»-*r7-taeaorste successfully agains- too rangere,andyonwillbavetakena considerable stepto nowunletsable bodied seamen;neitherare tb*« a*Jaetioa of tbe Charleston Convention, while that Convta- roree a now ready to enter upon a campaign aontnst trie oxe tbat was eont'stent with ear retetioaahip to the In- reived honorable discharges hen-ioforo. Otptt»Reed, late in command of the marine guard of m» n " "council wtth theflajh*,w)tf •ratwtoaetheuonwillunquestionablyshapeHacoursetnviewofafatetodtoet,sadtodestroythem,astbeyluybttVbeaedtaas.IftbeywerecompelledtowagewaragainsttheStatessteamerMaaisstppl,hasMeueieieonTJOC•••0'*•a•f bt with «be greet dtreetnr of tbt repub -can ntrty rtturoved^ Jb« summer gc«o? js to- cn.'j Urn* that th»yIndians, be wouM wagert with regular troops, oommaaded fcoard a! UMiwoavtog aauby Untied SU'i * t^ctrt. txd coccuctcd i-pon sudi ChrJt- , prcmiaeit ieaturet ts the good < tttmprmcrf>tt«wtretiWi7t4iai«HCarlttianfardJettof thecaadMatett iheChteagoCt»1 of lbs guard.Untitlett©m:'Td Docummentmm resentingthisact,andwar moatbe there meetsof(Bfantrvnowonth«>T,irsata111 .^ aw«rwthe assault!upon it? The forcement, seeing that it recommended an increase to the ar-amendment, by yeas 74 nays 72A motion wat made to reconsider the vote.no 1'sr— or TBI HOUBX.Mr. BeirBAM called up his resolution, that worn theMr. LANK, (dem.) of Oregon, opposed this alteration. tection of tbe inhabitants. As to the Indian hostilities, was tabled, 88 against 98.that willprobably b e there was notThe Committee rose. Mr.STXVKXS,(rep)ofPa.,wasopposedtotheamend- TbeHouseconcurredtotheSenate'sTextswould have more terrible accounts given of outrages and Bahagge, Tahaigge and Bawbtayle, Ihe high priestnstw Mr. BOSBAM, (dem.) of S. C , argued that the calling out murder and assassination than ore set forth hi those let- of Filth avenue, and the low priestesses of the Boweryof such a force was the most effectual plan which couldregions, including the nurses and children, crowded side- walks, steps and balconies with true democratic inde- pendence.be adopted to bring to a close the Indian depredations.Ittionproperlylaid,noDistrictAttorneycouldrefusetoen- SENATORLATHAM'SSPXECH. menttobeconcurredInbytbeHouse.TbegovernmentmandsmadeuponthemfromallquarternHewouldtagtbesimilarrelationoftenderorsubordltuuetotttotertain a prosecution. I nave airesly written to the Latham's speech in the Senate yesterday is considered bad been derelict in its duty, which would Justify the peo- vote against the amendment great balloon Jupiter, In which the Professor performs Answer—Iwasmakingavisittooneoftbeeditorsofproperdepartmentforinformation;butwhether Mr.OTERO,delegatefromNewMexloo,offeredanhisprincipalaerostaticexploits.Ontheoppositesidetanee him; my basinets with the editor was in noway, made this statement, with a view of placing the caise ofetrecUy or indirectly, ennected with tbe objects of thismyremovalonwhatIconceivetobetbetruebasis,I AFTOmMlCrTCOSTIRMBD. ontheRtoGrande,Cortinashavingreappeared,andthe necessityorraisingavolunteerregimentfortheprotec- ten thousand feet of gas, and possesses an have only to add that all tbe papers and documents In my The Senate to day confirmed the appointment of Freak American troops gone over in pursuit ot him. tion of the Texan frontier presented Itself, that some con ascensive iower only ot four or five hundredssaiaiittee, I decline answering the question solely on the possession, belonging to tbe United States, will be reaiy K Wooten, as Secretary of State for Utah.groundofirrelevancy. fordeliverytomysuccessor,sssoonashemaybedeeig utted and duly qualified. I am, sir, with assurances efMy despatch of lest night, you will see, gave you an my personal regard, respectfully, your friend and obeMr. BONILAM, (dem.) of S. C., referring to the disturb- Blderatlon wtuld have been paid to the protection of the pounds, which is nearly counterbalanced by the ancesinTexas,saidthat,themerequestionwhetherdls- peopleofthefrontiersotNewMexico.Hethoughttbat weightofthematerial,cordage,basnets,ballast,indi- urbances existed there or not was not tbe real question two volunteer regiments would bave been reoom vidual and freight necessary tor a voyage. Th* quan- The Committee on Elections have reported In favor of t efore the committee. Hostilities, tt would not be denied, mended, one for Texas and one for New Mexico. tity of baliaet employed on the present trrirttitn was be- Mr. Howard against Cooper, the sitting member in tbo listed between tbe Indians on the borders and tbe white Tbe House some time ago refused to agree to the tween ninety and one hundred pounds, watch, tn the ettlers from the earliest attempt at settlement. No stipu- recommendation for the Volunteer bills, when » ebape of toad, was contained in open bags, toat a mtbt Michigan contested oase. Messrs. Gartrell, Stevenson sad aiton could bind them, and the question now was—be was was believed that if this regiment hod been raised be conveniently used as circumstances required, ruesndtostion of this "smell of gunpowder:"—"When Mr. Walker read tbe testimony of Schnable he became highly Indignant He holds that the denial cf Attorney General Black, that any tetter of Instructionsfrom the President to Governor Walker existed, andHeck's defiance to either Walker or Schnable to produceII, Is equivalent to a charge of falsehood and forgeryupon him, and It is said that Governor Walker has al-ready called tbe Attorney General to a personal account,and that a resort to arms upon the field may be the resultdient servant, J. C. VAN DYKE,THS MicuiGA.N oonastKD susrnoN.totreferringtotbeReserveIndians^—wastheconditionof thefrontierwouldbavebeenproperlyprotected Again basketisoftheordinarywickerwork,andtathreefeel• h l n g s o n t b e b o r d e r s o f s u c h a c h a r a c t e r a s d e m a n d e d a l - itor al troops for tbo protection of the people' If there > hould be a necessity for additional troops, the next qucs-MY DKAR SIR—I reply to your favo,- of the Idth Inst.,received yesterday, for the purpose of ttati tg that you arcquite at liberty to use my letter of the Uib inst as thoughit had not been marked '-Private." I repeat empaati Alt Rtcett (f Congress for the Party Conventions—ffc' hildren, bad been killed by the Comanches within a tleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. Stevens) eulogizing Indian pounds, and is a sort of multiplied fish hook, whoseeally thai this letter presents my reasons for makug a change in the office of District Attorney. My ex treme reluctance to do what might be disagroable to you has prevented me from addressing you ai an earlier pefor Texas, tbey would be bound to do just tbe stme for der, "LetGo," was given, tbe last core that bo.iii nuairythe protection needed, without tocreoatax thTtKli-i!, ,Mr. Io!K5xxr^am,{rat^l^|X^l1 i^5? •• .Ascension of Professor JohnFourteenth street, between Sixth tad Seventh avenues,ingly wbited away tn watching tbe lertaihau aoc ^teeing to the music of the bond. Tbe tl ae having eiapr .1, how- ever, the *tercaeut finally announced tbat be «»i ready for the tr ip Tbe platform was cleared of spectators, lbs gas thut off, the weights detached from the av*eoftbe balk on, the cords confided to tbe h t m ! of a number of gentlemen, and the car was fastened and freighted. TheM.Conner,willmakebisfirstascensionintn'tanebal- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 