 *tOL. X^NO. V886. mfifllSiS OF THE UtUQN.Federal Ca^ttpO. iinttna ttinnEiFBins.«/ NEW-YdRK, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 2 t, !-(&). PRICE TWO CENTS.%fltINmSfwill not admit ol Ho oneappolated, to end, b tU IMailttol peAv,•iHi^fitK fen <^.lar as Tennestee wtM ooaeaioad sbe wanld not ba this law, ibis is appioprhrtlonto meet con-of tbe llaltadshall be sn- exhorting tkepeapit as a natta*, totmJi^ntStm-woh «f SMUttar Id MOTH cisoLnu.as caa deny that the powers named above areWjtatMMS, WedBOdaj, Dae. 19. 8«BaU>i J0H«B«a'B speech to-day was a strong ilBitnlliiii of ike opremaeT of the Constitation, «rt a leftrtatVm of the averted right of any Sute u and was listened NatunOy enoa(^ the ultra Soatbarn •oatan are dinatiified with It, as it was severe InltsCOMGRESSIONAI. PKOCEEDINeS.SENATE.Mr. T(K>3rB8, of Georgia, (Dem.,) made his ap-pearance in the Senate.Mr. Clabx, of New-Hampshire, (Rep.,) moved toarrby, and to ark tbe South to oatskter wliat Govern- ay any more approfnatlons tmtll there was a reforaa aad ettablith, not contract and siipolate with eaebTbe President alae read a letter froB Hon. JaaaC. EusoBX, Commisaioaer fis Alabama, tncloaiag atde-MiailgiiBiiij.nctie itwaaatdeandiaipreMlTe, Id wlik loterest.seise «n the rafau of tbe Government Tennessee mbale. He was ^ for giving Liberia an opportanlty ofCeBAdftHwa," not aOgBfederation."dCBinwiatloB of Sontlieni oltraism, and left little take up the resolution of Inquiry offered by him rela- ) that Temussee would yield to it. Gen. Lasi tive to the forts at Charleston.) a brlaf reply. Mr. Gaxxv, of Missouri, (Dem.,) saggested that The Deficiency biU was passed in the House, in- the Senator from Oregon, who was not present,l^lon would be preserved, aad intended to boM to it at a paliaaium of civil lUmty as tiw sMpwreeked mariner clings to a plank to (are blmself. Where is the grieranee that operatae upon Sontb CarolinaT Is It oecBUse tbey warn to take slaves into tbe Terri- (oiyf Both of bar Senators Said at tbe last seesion there was no need of it now.Mr. Datu said tbey voted on tbe resolution to pro- tect it.Mr. Jaamoa aAed if tbey voted to protset H naw?Mr. Davis if the Senator to on sai4 propoaed playthat word, he topposed they Intended to nail to the cross the mlseraMe miscreants who /vote for protcc-and the President can make a contract wltb any otber withdrawn at pleasiue. Whether formed by a single party.Mr. BuBiciTT, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) said that the law passed at tbe last session was not only inhuman, but cruel. It requited recaptured Africans to ba car- ried immediately back to Africa, and (their mortalityThisan Address to thePrepare People of the SoulheraclaiiBg as appsopiiatlon of $900,000 lor the return ofwished to amend the resolutien.Mr. CiAXK withdrew his motion.Mr. Sunxu, of Loulana, (Dem.,) said a dispatch of the Associated Press to New-Orleans, Dec 17, saidStates.J. P. RbkbAMeans.I X. Ss*»es, of Pittstnrgh, Penn., was to-dayintrvduced a resolution, fret orderingncaltivedt as Attoraoy-General. No otlier businessThe donttitittioa of a willing to vole money we actually owe, and were less an Irrevocable form of Government, fliaa tbewas taancted in Ezeautive Session. "A 1{^ oeeurred last erenlng at tlie National Hotel, feetween Isauh T. WmiAMS, a lawyer of New-York City,aad Capt. Joi^ Geabim, in which WmjAKa wasBOLlcale to Coagreaa the r^oit and maps of the Assoitated Press in the gallery? If no explanatlimaad ntited by tbe ag- If it had'CBABAB with ImbecilitysuchBritain does. The character of the nagroes wouldIchargedpledged toTheknocked down.The liiijialaij nf t>r NiTyirlllln » ntinrt timr rnm soit such a dispatch t Was it tbe reporter of tbe; ftfth,thataaa^ihabetieallistoftheiraseaa-CUiiqol ezpedltlan.Coaia Hlca expressesA letter from the President of were ofi<m^hf, should move to-morrow for the ex-lieve there were a hundred in favor and ware treated as stipnlatiasM between Stales, forgraltteatlonat thesuccess ofpBldeaaf tlw^liptergallery.chargedMr. Jauaaa objected to further interruption.the ezpedltioo.The ttalTati^t that Fox2>, Printer of the House, had the BooOt intended to do harm. This dispatch was aMr. Kiin has tendered his raeigTiatioii to Oor-jMlgjiail.Intooanaet. Besays,laacommonlcatlonto tta Besas, ttwt nothing can be made under thebasa fUirication.Mr. G«iB, of California, (Dem.,) said his name hadMr.CoBB,ofAlabama,(Deal.,)inquiredwhetheran VWStothecompactbadarighttorevokethatcom- amendment would be in that wherever pact Tbe Constitution of tbe United States and ttierader,prov}unBa slaverls captured the negroes be tatea off, tbe ship laws and treaties mtde under it are tbe supreme law (cottled, and tbe oflkiers an; craw allowed to down of the land, tbe Sttiie Judges to be bound thereby,"aay State tothe question at once. The President be- has'alreadyMimMoh an interdic-tlaB of the purchaaa of patented arms by eitiier theaecsetary of War or tbe Navy, without an ex- siems, for tlw year ending June, 1802.ti49c.Bsooox, of ViraltJa, (Dem ,) who oeeimiedr. repliotiItwoulul>einordertomovefbrasi^._,^,Bud to buy off the cupidity of .iXorthern slniretl'StwTa, ttit re! 1T> .1.-). .'r..ws. H.%Ui'h*...Mr, RiAUAB, of Texas, (Dem.,) was opposed to taxtag the people to pay for dvilizing and (Jliristlan- Ixing negroes. They were brought to Florida throughpress appropriatianneeded guarantees. Be entreated ^retj pat- Vankee cupidity. riot to come forward in the spirit ofnot radically and fundamentally amended, no State cangrr'^. It hasperplexed tbeet-ir sectde fiom Ike UnionMessage. Asitvithenimpo^sibtetodestroytheUnion as it now stands, exci pt by a Rei'ofution, 1 kaVK, a/tcrMatnaxd,Tlay axe bete In fall force to make contracts, and are with Mexico was resumed, and it was discussed by:Sbaxp,JuoniB, MoiSB and Btnwniix Agents exceedingly.Both bills wereThe consideration of tlie bill to carry out the treatiescome responsible, under the construction of an exist-ing law, for the support of these negroes In Africa, totbe extent of $900,0CU, and it was for us to say w hether df.ttrvtinrd not to we should continue this act thus construed. He de- grave rejection,for the repeal of the law that Is In ttstr way. The reatrictlon prevents there now be'.ng (brown into the South l>y the War and Navy Depart-Messrs. PoLX, of Missouri, (Dem.,) Sudsll, of I.ouis- iana, (Dem.,J Ivbkson, of Georgia, (Dem.,) and Bay- ard, of Delaware, (Dem.,) until 1 o'clock, when the special order, the bill to allow the Baltimore andnied that the law autliorlzes the President to maintain the negroes thus returned for one year, by which ex-pursueconduct, lehick, although it might be legal, utould end m cii'if strife and the ovtrtkrow of our present farm ofactively laboringments, supplies that might be taken and held by the Ohio Railroad to cross toe long bridge across the Southerners, if so disposed. Potomac River, was taken up.The statement that the report of tbe New- Mr. KiBHCBv, of Maryland, (Am.,) moved to poet-the Africans sent to Liberia under the law .should not perish.have appointed others, who would have retained tlteirTork caucus in the Ti«s was wholly incorrect, ispone the consideration of the subject untU to-morrow.Agreed to.Mr. Joh!«soh'b resolutions proposing amendments tosuchconstructionasthePresidenthasgivenitMr. Cocu£A5x, resuming, maintained that the law of humanity required suco a construction, and tlmt Congress, at the last session, thus construed the law of 1819. w hen it authorized the President to feed and clothetheminLiberia. He theintroductionoftheirdecisions,andthelawsofthe UnitedStates,I have the constituted granted me to " take powercarethatthelawsbefaltafullyexecuted;" andanact of Congress, (passed Feb. 28, 1795, sec. 2.) made in pursuance of tne Constitution, gives me the power of calling out the militia to enforce the laws.yetthepeoplehavecommencedtothink.make menIt is not easy to comprehend the advan-tages of Eeparation. Some have always had their doubts, others are doubting, and others still are grow- ing weak in this faith in secession as the great remedyagree aponaplanbywhichallmany of her rights in the Union, but that her Territo-the of one or two reporters of chagrinprompted byNew-York papers, who failed to obtain tbe news.the Constitution were agreed to.Mr. Jouitsoic, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) resumedA prominent Georgia Representative represents to me ttat the tone of feeling In Georgia is becomiug moreconservative,anltbiaksthe immediate Seees- rionists will undoubtedly be defeated—:opposedof the British as more and apprentice systemall opposed tosecession then imHing with the State cooperatiouists fying. The Government should execute tbe laws inadoptedIt.gainst the extremists, in order by that means to make every State, and their enforcement could not be con- tbe defeat of Immediate secession sure. TLe Conven- sidered an invasion. He went on to argue that a Stateirrepressibletrouble. He would wiUlngJx *vote for the appropria- lieve that 1 would have inaugurated a civil war. It forebodings. If the plan for arming tbe State Is car-tion Is, therefore, likely to be conservative, and ad- verse to t2ie policy uf South Carotiua.could not go out of the Union by its own volition, and said that such was the opinion of the founders of the Government. Mr. Joubson here read extracts fromtion reonired. and for more if foimd necessary by the piinciples of humanity.mightbe argued that if 1 had preserved the Constitu- ried out. a very small share ef the adult male ponoU-The feeling in Washington is more hopeful and the writings of Mr. Macisoh, to show tiiat such wasthe opinion of Mr. Madihon. He quoted also from <iispalcbc8 have been received from Charleston of any letters of Mr. Jst'yr.E^^os on tbe same subject totion by enforcing its commands, I would at the same tion w supportofthesenegroesonourGovenunent. They andtheUnionareinseparableandformanindivisiolemoreconciliatorythaneverbefore. Thefactthatnounity. ment from which the vessels sailed, and they should thatto the means to guard her coast from raids by Abolitionists, passionImportance inspires the hope here that better counsels are prevailing there also.ment of Mr. RxAuAK, which was to limit the appro- priation to negroes taken from vessels boimd'to the United States only.lowshlpthey greatout. Said 1 to one of tbe chief architects of secessionnegroes pikes placeder, the linited States will di'fcnd nor, although she so—w-c have no fearof that. But there is not entireThe Committee on the Union to-day indulged in a to enforce the laws was that the power— John Browns now lying -in wait for an opportunity to re- new, only more successfully, the attempt of Harper'sigive wayexpressly rambling discussion upon tbe Fugitive Slave law, the delegated by the States to tbe General GovernmentTaiia and tlte Pacific Railroad. I have the best If any State sets itself up in opposition to tills power,galleries.]thoughtreason to believe that the Committee willFerrypresentdifficulties will be settled. Should this fail, however, called atteiiliun to the views of JAeKso.t aud Wsbstbbto invade a State fighting for her He knew rights.ii. creased. Mr. RlA^iAS's amcndnirnt wasand theries will still remain under the of the Gene- authoritydent. TheTiw.s was clivcus"e.laccounts for the attacks upon that report. Thev were i'ederal Coun.'<, the malls to be carried, or reve-of ail the marching, the^erally.Itadjournedsinedit.your letter, and also to tho.se contained In the InclosedUnited States Courts and Laws, would have practi- callytransformedaFederalarmyIntoanawfulcru-havetionnot take more than as many weeksreportof thewith comiderable feeling,in the offthelralli to the United States, it does not re- glancereveiution. The emptinessand to tlndr full extent, and countermarching and parades of military,acknowledgedtobegtjieially•f information could not be defined.After considerableto 10 o'clock, it was almost unanimously a-Teed topursuingreflective mind.tliattheUnion,tlicC«nstitutionandthelaw^Is strong for the Union.Good feeling prevailed In the Caucus to-night gen-Mr.WAsnsrRN,ofIllinois, (Bep.,)thou- received. sands of irilHtaiy companies would bave damoroutlyaiiistbedi!*ent- Ing voices. A vote was probably taken upon Kry- OXJM' resolution, and as all the RepubUcar^ aj^sentcd to It, and Bmisfls was absent, it can be inferred w lio dissented. Cochxabb takes particular e.^ception to the word " Coercion," but has informed me that htian activestern, demonstraUve gentleness Ismaintained in all their force, with a few onlythe Senateconcurring, that when they adjournit Itisthemomentforprevious meetingslieve them of their compact at all. He argued that If South Carolina rcfusevl to perndt the holding of thepunished by deathf, „ . .O.P.il. DIgPATOH TO THr ABSOCIATkD PRX8S.alHhcStates. Thecompact recipioriil, y, t iti..>(. sialeh todaysay they will go outof the Lni.making an ap- year ending June, \ti6i.been adopted almost the very hour the Conven-were, to-day, the subject of complaint in the Senate. Hedealsinfactsandnotfaaeies.Mr. C.'iSB' letter to the President is brief, in which be spproves of the Annual Message save in two par-r.„, tell the These St ilcs don, were i.eljfence,theslaveswouldbecomeablackror, rolling with its strength against tlicIntenening space wouldbe laid waste by '^'TTM'";that GeorgiaaConceiving there sh«iuld te imitj' ij' thi- Cabinet councils, he tendered his reeli,T:Kt;.iu, 'ihe Preiidmt, in acknowlcilsingcan coma of it.tlcularb, whc'eh hi; pliUnly stales.ment to approprlale territory if it was in dan^ir of 1,.. ing occupied hy the enemies rif the Govomm.-i.t. or if necessary to the (lovemmect frooi its alout the law for the the African Hlavetrade.death.slave or landed, which wouldwhataccurit»,butenforcethelaws. IfSoutht;arolina secedes and un-en- themselvesdl^cvssion, which lasted from 9the mllitlB tolaws oftheUnitedStateswouldhavefilledtheexdtedBrevet Lieutenant- Colonel Wiixaa has resignedbam the aimy. He was, at the tiaie, ia command of South Carolina, in whlcb he aid "takingrecaptured Africans in Li- puipoee,the United States Arsenal he Is a native.InGeargla,of whichStatenavyofEagtaodaoIMr. Sbxbmab said thequestionwas not asto tbenSti controBed. Tbe Generals, beeomina ilSKxwABB McGowA-i.delegaU elect from the Terrl-of Arixona, has arrived here.Eiwus U. Staitoii was, to-day, appointed hy th«President as Attorney General.Arkansas, the British Oorem. thiseountrytopreiDoledlsunloB.'' Butislbepeace, any urcement or compaet with another Slate, or with a foreign power, or engage in war, un-baveresulted inrapport of tboae Be-loryworkingsletter to b<,readfromtbernie) into|nirchasia|tBe oeath tbem, in order lo-The following was oOisred by Joan H. Ritxouis, •r tk( MtokMr BUI ii tlM Itue. which, after a dalnte cf a strong Union character,ttie Union. What proteean wlB thaltorSTlSStasgeta.oi tJM ^^pMiKiatiMi ftw the Sivport of BAtnaad AUsaaa.Pvesi4«*tTK SNTH CAMIINA STATE CONVENTION. to the preservation of the Federal Union.It Is understood the foUowing-naned members who•UK WASBneTOH SISFATCEBS.It tbcaiaetvee, wholly might oeear to the border States Ibat It was better for cargo of slaves, except by tbe yacht Wanitrer, wai tbe Constttotlea.was unanimoualy adopteddoomsday.eomooMiad, vbare wrald it stop t Mr. Matbabb, of Teaaeaaee, (Am.,) sakl the Slave-antli^ InconsistentvrithSOOm.of the New-YorkMr. HoAas was ia the Chair,recaptured AIHcans,onlyAn sdjoomed meetingtion was held to-night.and Itr. Rabiih was made Secretary in place of Jobs CocBaux. The fidlowtng were present: Messn. Carter. Humplirey, Kenyon, John B. Koyaolds. Mc- Koaa, Painter, Spinner, Claik, B. Coebrane, Grakaoi, CoakUng,Duell,Hoard,RaAln,Sedgwick,Butter- Aeld, Fbttia, WeUs.iFtank, £dwia R. MeyaOlds, SpauUisg, and Fenton. The Ctty delegatios. wm aheeat.:laws; and thetbras to esubltsb a Caatral Sapabilc, instead of gobig ever landed In the Onlted States. The trade was cu- Tha«Beati<aBBwpnaaats itsdf. Is tbe Constita- with the Southern States, and form friendly «injn..j« rled on between Africa and perhaps two or three tloa a eoatraat T JtMge Sioai, a man of einlnent aa-JUnhiei. That in the opinion of this delegation, theof tbe State of New-York are in tevor of people pro-tecting the constltotiaBal rights, and of enforcing Uie constltatlona] otdigations of every section of the Union, and believing the appropriate reoiedT for every eilsttng grlevaaee may oa applied ooder tl>e present Constitation of the United States, and all just cause of coimlalnt removedSOUTH CAROLINA STATB COHVKir- TIOK.Ckuusiob, 8. C, Wedaeaday, Dae. It. The Convention reassembled this fbrenoon.A prayer was offered up by Rev. Dr. CmtnB.by a due obeorvanee of the laws of the land, they wlUthe straggle for tndepeBdeDoe, and tbe great men ofinsist tuxm aall tbe laws or tbe General Gavnnment as necessary to the safety of the oountrr la the present crids, andappeared sixty delegates,seats. calling ofwere tion : and Lii.abeent, the resolu- approvedBooa,prompton theunavoidablyMessrs. Vax Wtks, Bbus, Oub, lavam, Eltone under whlcb we now live ;I Be read extracts from tbe newspapers of Columbus,"is, We, Postmaster at Charleston, offering aSenafor Sudbll, in a speech,andpresent crisis. Mr. Sudbll said there was no klod oftruthInsuchdispatch. Heneverintendedaajrthtng of be kind, and never felt such a sentiment Whotlen wbea It is nnnecessary and who shrink nomdlCcult to conceive that theliifailniulil Tne DaKed States werefrom the the'AslMMMft.'Kess with sending dispatches fromWhat Is tbe reason for disnnloB f Becmse our man was not elected. If Mr. BaxoaiBaisex had been elected nobody would have wanted to break tip tbe Union, but Mr. Lnoeui Is elected, and now they say they wiU break tip tbe Vnioo. He said no. What was there to fear t Mr. Libooui was a minority Presi- dent Let Sootb Ctrottaa tebd bar Senators back, aad Mr. Liaoou eannot owtt make a CaMaat without tbe eonsent of tbe Senate.been associated with that of tbe Senator from Leaiii-Mr. RnsiB, of Tif|iala. (1m^ IMk^ki CmIoI-.~ie(teeoaFtMMoe, r«yerteday Bo«l»>fll jwyng for that purpose by Con- Also the bill making appropriatiens for the supportof the Military Academy.reaaaalstberepassed.He said that when he gave way yesterday be was speaking of the laws of the North which were in con- flict with the Fugitive Slave Law. He proceeded to argue that such laws were unconstitutional and nulli-outrageous if I had felt certain that this course of comUict the leaders say it will jmve. There is a lingeringshow that it was not necessary to give the Govern- ment power to enlorce the laws in a State, as they had it by the law of the nation. Mr. Job5boh claimedband. They would say to him, you shall not subju- gate a gallant State struggling for her rights—rights denied them in the Union. (Applause in thein the Dnion, but to whose evil dispositions representatives, in a measure subject thenvKlves by goingit is aggression and rcoellion. If the Guveroment fails to perlorm its duty in thi^ respect, it is at an end. Mr. JoBNSoN here quoted further from tlie opinion of JudgeMassballtostrengthenhisposition. HealsoThey ba( e not produced Uie suppression of the Slave-trade.How do know that your willthe Committee will break up, and Moif-rcoMERT, t>f on this subject. The Government was called into cxi£tence by t^tates, and could not be broken up by aPennsylvania, has prepared a call for the members of State. I'tie Constitution was intended to be .single per-all the bolder States, both free and slave, to meet im- petual. When Congresb in I7i)3 passed a iaw taxing dls- tilli^ries a part of the people of Fennsvlvanla resisted. mediately and agree upon a plan of settlement, as un "There v. as no diflcrence between that and resistanceBltimatnm to tlie ultra States of all sections. Tlic by tbe whole people oi a Stale. The talk now is tion.s of tbe|Serator from Mississippi (Davm.) He civil about the coercion of a State only, but he faociedplan is already drawn up and a large number of the there was no ^'rcat di-iLinctioQ to be made. Cungiess border State representatives have agreed to and will then enforced the laws, but there was no talk aooutthe coeicion of a State. Mr. Johnsob here read fromthe calLThe announcement that E. M. SrASTCH is Attoracy- considered the lawB.*hould be enforced, and ihat thei;nlomvu.s inseparable. Gen. Wasbligtcn sent fif-teen thousand men to put down rebellion. That is Omw^ postponement of Territorial business until the way WasuihoT'N cnfoiced the laws. SupposethatthewholopeopleoftheStateofPennsylvaniahad Toesdsy next, was to allow the Deficiency and the rebelled, would it not have been just as constitutionalreason to eooiplain and lake action, and they would a resolution that, the Senate do so whether it was liked or not, and he would never Iliiusc it be to the 7th ofsignthe proclumatjon of Wasuihuto:?. to show that bedraw his sword to coerce them for it. Mr. Labb here read from Mr. Lihcolii's sjieeches to show his (Liif- col:«'s) hatred of slavery and the South. The Senatoradjourn,Mr. HeoiiKS, of Maryland, (Dem.,) thought it was cords In icturn a safe ThisIt was one of the earlyassertions of Secessionists thatOeneral gives universal satisfaction.this crisis. dollarsandcents,notprinciple. Therewasnodan- was— 8*-moral If not morezen. WhUe there is a Constitution it should be obey- from tbem. This is all Idle. There has never existed ed,anddoubtsanduncertaintiesofitsmeaning,can reasonforsuchastatement. LeaviagPaeilc Railroad bills to pass. It has also a good to enforce the laws againft the whole as a part of them ? In Ib^ there was another rebellion agaiuiit the laws elEect in keeping the Slavery discussion out of Con- of the Inited States. Mr. Jons8u!i paid ahigheulo- gium to the character of Jackboh, who was then Pres- ident. He said that Jacksdb held the same views in the laws that Wasoinu- TOK did, and put rebellion down. The Government then went on. Now how is it? The duties now are Nearly all were present—Baioss, Bbau, Jobs Cocu- the same—the to God HeTHE PRESIDENT'S DEFENCE.beproperlyreferredanddeterminedbytheSupreme theslightestCourt Then, if there be a general repugnance to the out of view the distinct expressions by the late foreigngress for the present.LatIB.—Tlie New-York delegation held an ad-veriest madman in the world,, as to do se woulddrench the in blood. He would •' countrychaiinn for his Political Prleada—Haw a niaa who Kao^a hie DnCy mahea op hie Mind not to Perform it.Con^tution, the remedy is left, to amend it in the arnv »ls, I existing laws of his country, and the Government will Foreignregard to tlie enforcement eftoSir, you must meet your humble servant and walk over his dead body before you can do It-" [Applause and dies of "Good" In the galleries.) He lookedgivehim Constiiutlonalin tbe Court been a delusion existing in the miads of the leaden as Supremewhichthesource nuetobecollected,taeGovernmenthasarigbttoMv YxRY Deae Sismarch through their streets, they must be neld respon- insL, informing me that several of the more distin- although it WDttld appear that my line of duly was the Vigilant- Committee system, makes thetlieauthorship of theasthus be elevated and an opportunity m given Christians and pliilanthiopists to dvlUxc tbem.drive the Government from theover whlcb it has control, it is levying war, and thatis treason and nothing less. Wasbibotob, Jifpxisomand Madisoh denied the right of secession, yet we are toldto-daythataStatecangooutoftheUnion,regard-less of the aonsequences to other Sutes. The ques-tion is, whether other States will tolerate secession. lution, Hut, suppose that South Carolina sheuld go out of theI'liion and was about to form an alliance inimical to tlic r< St of the Stales, Uie Government would have a rictit to conquer her and hold her as a province. Mr. JoiN-iK-.non referred to the great expense of lives and—has met ?rith reversesdertakes topropertyof the course of action which Iamand thatnies, its horrors, on even the leastare to Impress begirmijigattendant tlie of Califor- upon acquisitionaiuiiey\\i> paid ten mllltons for Texas. We paid fif-that willIf notnia.tefu niLI!i(,i,.s niuuili of tlirsuffi-;whlcb would have caused an immediate spillingSouthlor Louisiana andof Ohio, Means, reportedfrom the Committeeofof tbe Union.weeks ago the secession ordinance woaldfor access to the We admitted these Statespostponed.Mr.Mississippi.into the I rJon not for tliclr own benefit entirely, but ontor the i<n. la c( was Waysa billyouthe contents of liiis note to tlie gentleman named Incallingquickly and firmly preserving the authori'jrcal arKUimnl The Wasuikotob,Wednesday,Dec.19. haveno to .oii."p^actisreci•p'rocalandtheyexpendituresfor thelist, requesting to abstain from making any use them,sade agntiist the entire SouthWith tbe vast multitude of enemies before them,thenKb) i|.,irow„ lolitlon. What an illogi- •assembled. NowThat a State is a sovereignty must be admitted, ex- and the miUlons of slaves within their midst, wh»i have taken houn. This comes from the dispo*ritlonright go out.which was instructing the Comndttee on Pitbllc LandsPurveyor-General's offices can be dispensed with.Si.ii.hLL sai..i dial iv,j;;Alr. p<r -on in Louisiana wishedto resin. 1 the freeHie iiuvigauoii now, tut wLoadopted, Inquirecept in so far as It hasbut,under the Con-have beento deliberate— saytion. Could CaroUna know to-daycircmnstinces make maychange Uiat before thev aS Territo-of for the establisiiment of a central effective (;ov-^o'jj-^'"*V wereadmitteilinto .he twould not follow, she would lead, tectton. That the States have reiinqaished aa im- and their violence, and where they aPP'»»f''been more moumfiil than joyous.if at all, atpacen^vigajonMississippi;rleay It was one of the of principlesto ssvethemselves and theirdo.The HouseDeficiencyries nnd i»ovii,«..<. Suppose Uiey go out now whatSouthern limits, the Northerners woulohave compelled by necessity to mow themthe probable electioa of to come here. 1 cannot seecoDdiUoa do they place themtelves .States, or do tjicy go back to the condition ofportion of their sovereignty. Is conclusively shown by the Constitution itself. Article 1, Sectton 10:The telegraph reports Peace Commissionersseojjraphi- pwii^oD, >U, Jctu<sos here' tjuvted tbe DclenU letter.Mr. I'l'LTs,rf.Viftouri,(Di'm.,)wasBnwilUiigthejrosiiects.,f theRiver.it States yieldedde-Delega-President Bn-Constitation of a State formedgregate of the several counties ef the State.^. «.l-i ^HemcnlnGeoi^aof reopening the African Slave trade. He would many purposes Independent and sovereign. Ami yet,in? Are thevportantTi-wito- the Govern-Mr. Shibbakoflcred an amendmentappropriatingofto"No State shall enter into any treaty, alliance orfomiUes ffb» vast millions ofTM^andQlBimr»"? y .«.-^4.«^rtt,>»7-if|--?,il^ ^(ISm 'iSi! .'! i^!'f»<17ithe reoetpt of the letter, regrets this dlffereace o as setting forth that dgclrilie in regard to Cubfc The rate for this appropriaUon,for the reason that Congress impairing tbe obligatioa of contracts, or great aay sources when OUT cottOB-fie'ds areopinloik Both gentlemen exchange friendly surances.as-pilnrlplo will apply to Lo6](iana and South Carolina ifelihcrfecede, and thereby endanger the Oovem- mrat. The Government Ins. under the orkwkple. to telle ana hold them asto make otberprovision than that which now-,lUleofBobUlty."2. No State shall, wltbeirt tbe eoirent ef». , derroTcd andhids Ihe crroDtiy laid In mlBs.f?Wiwi5j*^raid£taS?^rSwtocaptured GovcrnawntjndidaloScerB,tiotb shall beTHEI.ATESTVpTEliKlT.referrtolo tbe speechofEx-Governor Massibs, ofexecatiag and ihe net produce of all duties Imposts laid by any State na iaporta or exportsmaoaal diaalbrabout the secret lantinofMr. SaxBiuB caused aSecretary of the Americas Colonization Society, stat- ing that the Government of Liberia already baa InProvii>c<% Mr. Jobssoh tbenctpt wnat isay be absolutely fbr necessarythe chances of war or the loas of ourAnd. What is aMira than ail these terrible calaaUu*UnltadStateslobetohlbyafitale thattbaarmyandof and France siiaU benavy England broofht here toprotect that Stated Can tbe Ooremment permit this wllbent a vlidathm of tbe la« of self-preservatiOB Tsupremacy..Baa Smlb CamliaaBtatasdotm iato aos nniiaifii niat Mc \\mmmt test morecorrespondingly Tanaaato totteOswmutlon,Then when wouM have beao the hoaatedhereouotcdbtmOar, and Qjafi HMsaage,againstanyed on the Llberian Coast:Tbls Constltutioa aad tbe Jawa of tbe United' .mar rigkt to draw bar stsiereompelled topro- recapturedAfricansbeingland-weakertkelTlaaa;ata»- bistltatloBs, where fte fefHStoFhfroea Mr. KxiR>s spreebes, to .'haw fll^ such was tbe tnten- Uon. Be (ioBBiOB] would ttff Sotifli CareUn^ that as3.'''^R''^'!*^^'''"''''^o'""TotMrCoirfBiano tracts. untilsbebad.UrnstoeoosiderabtmtItrHewMA Mr.J*RBS,ofprimelawoftheland and ;aaBgert tnkiek Bate tust ear MaM^iaad.Varyre ectMh apalso t^tbeNortbern States that Tennessee win not bedrlv(Booto(ftaC>>illUendy elttar! ITtha'itto- bgGeorgia,pay-or laws of any State to tbe1. "The Senators and Representatives befoie-meii-tloned, and tbe members of tbe several Stfue Legis-yonrs; JAMESVBCB'U~t"M*t^.q..Phl>Mia»Ua.SECESara RBPOKTS FKOH THEIttlOBlstsstake tat wbose tntaraaia ara Boat eadaaaared TU capturedfrom now tillMawthese articlea anwith tbe Northern borCer States.Be referred in eloqnent terms to the associatloB ofOa., soggeatlnga Monarebicil Oorernment to show that Congiess shoulo take steps to obviate.do ordam cilitate theof the malldoes not look much likeappealed to tbe South to pause and consider before tbey rashly go too far. He earnestly appealed to the North to come forward with propositions of peace, conclllatloD, and concession. They knew that this Congress has power to-oay to arrest secession and save the Union. Will they come forward, or desert tbe sinking ship ? For one, he would stand support- ing the edifices of his cotmtry as long as human ef- forts could last.Mr. JoBBBON closed with aconteiuplaled such an outrage upon humanity.Mr. CftBBKivs contended that the law would bear no whelming opposition, in carrying out the execution ideas not emanating from The 1860 Association,"quent appeal the Union.But I am bound to see the .'altb-tice on tbe Nor th that shecannot carry a united Norththe law lact session the burden on the passedfor all to standstrong, bycies would have arisen, Iwould unque-stlonablv haveMr. FcsB, of Ohio, (Dem..) obtained the ioor, but yielded It to Mr. Labi."conflict " be- preserve the Constitution," and tantamount to this is on. Though little is confessed, yet I am convincedtress on tne and when country,These thingsthousandsHe would down hlA Life now If it would avert the layHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.:all kindness, a serious doubt regarding thecoming troubles.Executive Sestion. Adjourned.proprietycost, and. If colUsion with the Federal authoritySbiibab,(Rep.,)I will be glad, If therefore,will communicate blood the ;forth of the of militia, instoefptheit be to meet on the of7tb January.thathasbeento-morrow,Mr. ETUBBin«B, of Teunessee, (Am.,) moved to laymay be inopi>ortunc since 1 have already aetcd oo my would not hhvc been accepted would have proceeded whltl^ted. The groundloatl^theandpropriation for Legislative. Executive and JudicialSbxbmab also offered aMr. resolution,»f It, except among our true friends.harmony.earnest and elo- the ConstitutioB andobjectionable than any other (fispositlon that could be made of them. Nothing should be done to increase the number of Africans in the country. We do not want them as free, apprentice or slave. Let us do nothing to increase this species of population calcu-could have been pursued, and that no otheremergen-apprehension of anarchy which startles men in the home of their families, surroimded by bimdreds of ne- groes, in whose minds they know not what is golng-reje<'te(l, that they would not march with the Senator (Jotra- original olc. appro)iiiating $DUO.OOO, adopted.something of the people of Tennessee, aiul he knewsopi) in his bloody march. He iTlalmed that Wasr- The t^uinntittee then lose.iKOTON was a seceder when he went toand left the confederation. -V whisky Insurrection was not to be compared to the action of a sovereign State. I'tie Issue in the late election was tbe resolu-has seceded, because thc-ft has been a violation of theMr. BiBMTT iiiove.i to reduce the amount to soil of the eomuion country. The revenue could still confidence on that point, as a sort of uneasineaa,.for(La:«£) thought that the Southern States had goo^l Wr. Fliircme. of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) introducedones,'from Temiessee looked to the question as a matter of portunity gotuid so it seems to be withrespecttotbeGeneralGovernmentandtheciti-The resolution ger of the mouth of the Mississippi river being closed Adjourned.y-l.secession would receivetangibleaidstarvinggrantstead of orler throughout the restoringland, 1 would bave caused the following terrible re-saysuch,redress,journed caucus to-night on the ^tate of the Union.xARi and lariKx absent The same officerspre- (J011B6C3) intended to disciar^e his duty. Have we forward as proudly as ever father looked for a beloved Tlic following letter has Iwen foiwardixi to us citizen, or mmierous bodies of them, violate this mu- things, the pocket individuaily collectively.being not the power to enforce the laws in South Carolina •lde<l aii at the previous caucus. HoABB was Presi- as well as Vermont J If those States resolve to throwson or daugntcr, to the recoustruction of the Govern- ment He argued that the doctrine of " States Rights" must prevail, or disunion would follow. The Reoub- llran Party of the North have inflicted ruin and 'dis-tual bond, and oppose the laws, it may be termed ashould war against the theyand Is ex- periencing. In a severe chronic form, a strWencyconsequences belong !to bis personal safety and security. Should a single ;The Ageirt of the Associated Pres* emphaticallydenies having transmitted any such dispatches as iir.JoE.,.ON-)Vrhar.s -Jure i, no wish to restrict to whether any officers connected with the stitution, all of the have a portion there- AstbeSoutheiners would fall wave oi ter- thousand practical dUBcultles in the way of separa-went into Committee on the Appropriation bill.einment imder whose strong arm they may find pro-TM down, to order900,00e to canysuppressiongrant'letters of marque and reprisal;Consider tbeproPjrty,f'«^f have been thus sa-of our naUonal re.goodUntitled Documentoughtexists forberia, instead ofyearly revenue of the Govemiaent for thatstands a between••Klng(;ottoi"'Jto«!SIfit isacom- pact or coatract, bavag parlies to It wlioareliida- pendent judges of its obligations. It most be to, dttiar and energetic enforcement of thedlflieicnt Central States bindlnsr them togetaer. prompts. Engiand also has treaties axtendiag all because ef the sUpnlatlona contained opoa its nee, or In connection with tbe Idea of a Central Rmablic. the African of because It Is ImWed from the nature and objectsmightidea,her not to Constitation con- the connivance,roll, were found to be presentwas the CapUal, to the Slave-tradecare ofsppro^iating about one-sixtieth of tlieCoagreas, ley any Impoets or dniies oa lasporta or exports, ex-pocUeatar England aad' the States, would bave sank la mki ocean, aad left us toInspection lawsFruce will be called upon to protect iu ealtore and propriety of the law, but as to Its execution. The States and all such laws TreasuiVand ir necessary the aud armyCntton Is klog,the civil War wouM bave called forth the mUitaiy spirit of tbe nallaD, wbleb pcrbapeeeaH.BaitranspoitatioB." Is this Govenmeatstale of things like this t Mr. JoB-isoa fban quotedftom tbe proclamation of the Governor of; vision andp-epaiadfar aSecretary of the Interior has presslngly asked for this appropriation.«». pisjed jealousy la tlMir eoanaaads, aad thiswoaU3,800received (27,000. Unless a speedy provision be made,charge nearlyin (be name of Liberia, be wotildberequired (Dem.)remarkedthattbethe Judges in ererlp State diaBbeboundthereby,anyttilnglatheCoiHimfiaLiberiacans has the elTeot of increasing tlia nuaiber of the re-contrary ndtwtttaatandlng."„ „Wa. B. OoanB.Esreoptured; fortbemorfoaptoiadthemoremoney.tbatTherefore tbefSeeretaxy of tbebava IT tbe Onion tt dttatdred, wboae prdaarty Is at Colonization Society doea net care bow many are re- tatfoa."wmtt 10 slieUah Slavaty Iba fintstais thaw **liberallyfor the care ofAfri-a diTlsiaa wareRather than sea tbe GoremnieBt divided into tbii^- trade was not cairleo oa between tbls eouatiy aad claiB of absolute State sovereignty, in tbe foce of THE ttaree oetty, wrangling Powers, be would see it a eon- these Congressional powers, taken from or given by BoHdated Govemoient and coasolidatad Power. the Coaat of Africa. He was aot aware that a single tbe Haiaa ia irreoondi&Ie withptovinces in tbe dominioa of Spain. England, by her treaty with Spain, can. If sbe ahooaes, dose nosetboslty, expressly denying H, says:or asbow along Coast, dosing that part the world of a frvaie of Goremmest. Thepoits tomorrow,eariyas herinclinationSeveralnewmembersOne hundred andaodtooktlMiralso occur thefounded by Wabbibstob, which eould not be given lav participation, ttiis traffic Is pemdtled to be carried tains no clause liderring It to be a mere eompact, exclusively to the Norih or South. He avowed, in on, wblle the United States Government t^ treaty, is and makes no provision for that eoastraetloa. bis place here, ba never wouU enter any Govern- made from time to time to play tbe part of noUee on On the contrary, tbe preaiable easpiiatioaily ment, North or South, less DeBsocratie than the tbe seas, to capture siaven, at aa expense of^aearly a speaks of it as a solemn ndinaace and estab-bydeUvery that there was a paity at the Sootb ia fever of a Mon- Mr. Pbtob, of Virginia, (Dem.,) would refuse to States of Aateriea." Tke rtfU do enlam bers of the Convention.never, never.million of dollars a This is an year.Itihaient of government Thethe people of the Unitedaad utaUitk this CtmHttttion tm the Daitadto fa- mailer from the aaa-; but,attltade in which tbe Government ought not to be placed, and it is oneIsngnigB States,i»»«««»yfrment It was going under. Is It not better "to bear the cIlls we have, than to to others we know not of V tr tills system of providing for tbe mslntmssice of re- other. The people of the Uiiiud BtattM, not the dia-fly captured Africans. The Rspnblic of Liberia is in the tinct people of aportuBlor State, with tbe people ofIt ml|^t be that some Loids Napoleon was ready toand hasdelay.imporiaut, and that the Stares aretstorConsUtuUmial Ifoeanhr!States wUab sbaU be made t» aamiaaea thereof Mr. SaxaaAB said whatever nwy be tbe defect of and airtrt^atieaande orwbicb^iaft ba' aMbtVoderThe ronly mean* have nno *t mu eammuii.t0itnMtbe otter States. Tbe people ordain and eatahhsn' adispatdi was greeted with load applaasa, tioDlsm at tbe Nerth. He still trusted In Sod that the burdened, she can refuse to receive stich Africans, given, are irrevocable, aad cannot be resuyied or and subsequently was referred to the Cemmittae tonever wooU pass under a less Democratic Govem- lliusliating her capKdtybr self-government Be:apuremeat It Intended to stand by tbe Constitution proved of tbe plan of Great Britain, namely:To Son. Jokn A. EhmtrtTell the Convantlcn to listen to no propaaitiaa tecompromise or delay. (Signed)GOVERNOR MOORS.when it Is Beeessary.Mr. WisBAu. sdd be corrected tbe statement theother day.Mr. JoBBSOB said lie corrected it wrong then.CBAirroxn, of Otorgia, (Dem.) said that therenot have been foond In itappraaslateMr. WiavAU, »ld if the Senate cbose to pervert facts, be coaU not help Itsome propriety in sending them back. He did not be- tional, were mainly of a , ore foderatire eharaeter, bles of the members before the time ofmeeliag. Cbabusiob, Wedneariay, Dec U,The Secession Ordinance will probably berepaited by Committee to-moirow, and passed immediately.'m of piiea*, and he ii willing,Ika Goterament Printliigoffice shall as- ana,asusing hard words to the Preaidantaad ad-tte woric, to torn his over to the vising him to resign. There was not a shadow of Was ba to ba such a cowaid aa to ratraat iriieB it W4S to know whether he would be permitted to latkoAM^tratk Ml such story.ThaMll to carry ont tbe existing treaties with tbe Nortb «bo stood by the Sooth on ntlaciple t YetMsxleswas takes op, but was pagMiad tfe^.^lai*^ to lbr.8«aipBtaMpart%M4< . .t' - « J.-iijaNorthern frioadis frein building shipe and tending tbem out in their taelllSrvldeat Ihe Sooth bad tbe power in tbetr own bands?an amendment to our pseventWas ba to be so eewaidbr as to desert a noble band atf- h^^b^dftwwg^Wbatmeatt He believed ttiat we eould olitain allattMdal laglc ishich i»<weaed ta oar <brotherly love—to stand around the altar of ourcommon country —to lay the Constitution upon it— and to swear that the Constitution shall be maintained sod the Union preserved. He thought it better to preserve tbe Union, even if we had to quarrel with the North sometimes. It was better to quarrel with the Noilh oecasionally than to quarrel among our-and this I stated in myselves. Mr. JouBBsif here referred tothe Senator from Georgia (Iviasoa,) about some Texas Brutus arising to relieve that State of her Governor unless he should conform to the wishes of the people. This he (JoHBseB,) saidHeGoi'fntmtnt,That line of duty and Its probableconsequences maythe remark ofthis sum has been incurred. largeence the effects which time has on a alwaysmove-itMr.was not a word in the act of ISIO whlcb eouM be tor-tured into a construction for the support and main- no strangers to conmacts <rf this natnre, bbeaoae they bera, wiOi their Poet-olBee addreas,tenance of recaptured Africans for a year thereafter. existed previous to the Revomtlon. llie articles of bepnovMad;extremity of being swamped with these shirtless can-from Gov. vras as foUowsTbe distinc- ooofederatloa TsklM is a Biere treaty or league bettmea iadepeodent States, and binds no longer than during the good lissts forever la artlewa ol com- built by our forefathers. It wanted to stay tbe rash for was to carry oi»Basistlnc law aad eoetract It pact where eachla, ar aiay be, the snpreoM judge and precipitate action cf some portion of the South waiaotcompalsor)r9i"Llberta to take care of re- of Its own rights and duties. A Constitation is a per- which tuns foredhot madness, uid also mad Aboll- captured Afiicaaa. If she does not wish to be thus maaeat form of Goveraneat where the powers, onceand demand a falthfol performance of tbe gaar- recaptured ^frlcanaiato^tiati npraaticeaUp.antees. H would not be driven ont of tbe House Mr. SnxBHAB expi&iB that the appropriatian aiked pltasure of each. R:on was shipboardHe wasDepi^-CaA- siqipriatanil.^ecan is to pursuepay.only apprenticeprinting; third, thatig^abqot fifty perier ;of tbe ConveatloapubBc journals ahall be allowed acceas to the ball forIf tliey were lauded on our shores theremightcentum.course our GovernmentAfrieaas,been the design of the framers of tbeGreattopeoplethathour for meeting shall be 10 oVlock, subject to a 90-Itsandehall be far4be use of tbe of tbe Unitedless or ia such actually iavaded,Immiaeat daaaarAJtleleSeefloBS Second wd TUldnencyaj MMSby" Sixth,of our free persecutedworld,andwheretheiffawala Christendom!t^e antbotityStates,oneeo/ oM oMsraim^ AaeMmu, ia. aariar ik aMM dto'"tion betweca these terais Is thisgraphie dispatch17thInst ItMooas, dated :**;shall b« sabiect to the re- control ol tbe Cmgress. No State shall, wiUiont iba consaat of Congreas, aay onty on ton-la^nsge, keep troops or of war u time of shipshave btenIn the gratlfleatioa of their amMttoo. waoH karclatures, aad aU 'Bxeeathre andol tbe tnltsd States and ef the several StatesbooBf), by oath or affirmation, to support this Consti-theof tbe Stateallrged sopieBiscydomental ordlnaBce or law.Qonfoderated republic, that is, of a natioaid rmublie, formed of several States, is, or at least may be, potthe President to appotnt a Casliier aador of theCcnfederatfon, resting on treaty sUpnUtlons. it isment that derives its momentum frombe received there, and left to The law never After the resignation of the Federal ofilcers, 1 could prejudice. Although the leaders have done their beatMr. Labs, of Oregon, (Dem.,) said that he couldnot expect to reply to the Senator frdtn Tennessee.There was one thing the old Democracy would notdo—they would not march under the bloody bannerof the Senator from Tennessee to trample SouthCarolina under foot. On the contrary, lie would findthem ready to meet him there and repel his bloodv be compelled to maintain them. and will of an excltco people. And not only is it true and the haters of her institutian, wliom she will net fel-The President elect was elected simply because of his hate to the Soutli. Is it surprising, then, that the gallant State of South Carolina should resist ? He here served no-Mr. RsAOANvessels are bound should maintain the negroes." from the hundreds of Who will protect youByGovernment has beenin their hands, and scenes not ensue that chills the blood ral Government. It she is invaded by a Foreign Pow- to think of !" The only answer was, it will not bePhiladelphia 460,000. Kijoi-ted, 07 agaiiiBl ICd, and the bill passed.andbe collected, the post-routes preserve^l, the Fede- evinced in more stringent domestic regulations. InMr. SuErM.i5 reported, from the Committee of Waysral Odicers even force shoull be protected, thoughrequisite to give the necessary effect. I grant also that the implied allegiance of the natural-bom citizen, aud the e-<cpress allegiance of the alien-bom, placethe repairing of old locks and the putting on of newand Means, a bill making appropriationsand in a hundred other little on w hat the mind is dwelling. Thisbetter toover so ;«; to an adjourn give gentlemenprotection.had been obtained from the RepresentoUves of foreign countries, thatalthoughthe DemocraticitsPartyThe calling forthgiveShe ha, sa d it overpxpensiK.and defeats, yetremaining vitality may still be fur-And CarolinawiUsecede. yet1. confederationIf you can [Continued on Eigktk P^e-Ianything;;concuiring, January.times that the; is, vassal orto home and consult their coustituent^opi-nnot vassal without mutual consentthe mostsatisfactoryassurancesrejectedagainst:offeredares- therlessenedbyahazardouslineofcDnduct—hasbeen nationwitbabrmaroused throughout every State the Unionit on tbe table. It was tabled by threeThe consideration of the Territorial business was tion of the country, and your zeal for tbe ret*stiiblish-the quarter of a milUoo of people who are out of employment would have joined the army either In itsranksoroutofitsrankswould have been productive of aggravating ecdthets,treatment difficult If the moment has aot anfv-majority.character,it;when there will be a seatii»Bat inWith regard to your fear that your communicntion ofiercd their services to go to the South;convictions, andunacceptable to me in my justly say, that the alarmingofficial condi-OB their own account and would have justlfted theirof the Administration has rendered anyeeiree-I willmentofourpariyintoapowerfulunity, 1' cient warrant.yurCarolinaState to the protectionThreesecretly.openly.be stated thus:passionandCcaut|tatfon,;ratify it to consider It a mere the purpose of rqwrtingwho faorth,dal orderbe Confederation, tfaougu u. sobm ifew respecls na- sixth, that a journal be publislted and hdd on the ta-never vote a dollar for the support of Africans abroad, it was deemed a political heresy to maintain thatbut would for their tnpiwrt aad return to their own under it any State had a right to withdraw from itcountry. at pleasure, and repeal Ito operatien, aad that a ernor Picxbss.go In tbe ConsiltatiaB or of withhtt. Be was satiated that Southern aibn would "anything lawsSeveral military companies were ont this JKj»»ajj^lngrain, inhomeqiaaaal-neverbeengagedintbeSlava-tnde. Bedesiredalga, tbeeoBtriuynctwitli^aadiBC." UU)fareBiag.vint^iSi^ Mr. Clshibs, of Virginia, (Dem.,) desired to settle ainU Sovereignty, aDdOnt while tte Constitutton ispenditureJoHH CocHEABE, of Ncw-York, (Dem.,) thought thatIs tahaBoiy "e^Bian, that a Si^a uader the'CiSMtftaflia la not 'The eiir Ihatls asS tt Hif'tHans, its flats and Aaipa, and aB Mb quaverB—will not find it difficult to detect that the key note of seeesston in South Carolina is not so sharp-set, not so full orof well sustained, as It was three weeks ago. There are even positive discords. We are beginning to experi-that lineto shut out from the Ipopular mind all thoughts and positicns. Sliould they have failed, from an over- "althoughful execution of the laws, 1 have an oath upon me tolated to bring about that *'tween the races which has already given us so much tbe preservation of the Union. Should I have called that many a family is now experiencing the darkestinto play tbe exercise of force, 1 unhesitatingly be-illbeleftathome. Whoistoguardthewaaien Mr. RxAOAB did not think It was right to put the time have preserved the UiUon, for the Constitation and the children on the plantations ? It is scarcelyshould be delivered up to the agents of the Govern-But 1 must say, and as the times have proved possible tiiat Carolina should be able to command theconclusionsMr. BmaBAB, of Ohio, (Rep.,) opposed the amend- la the ordinary classes of our dtlzens, but also withtbe Government to which the Mr. KcNkSL, of Maryland, (Dem.,) maintaineJ thatit was tnanilest the laws are defective. presentitlogicalto our and other selected offi- cers of tbe body politic.It be to allow the humors of the may best, perhaps,political body to approach a head, rather than to let them be driven in for some future eruptloo.1 grant that a citizen is a citizen of^ a State, and acitizen of the United States at tne same and if a time,State secedes, that sbe can only, so doing, waive byrespectthings, betray is destined to when the them in a position similar to that of lord and vas- grow on tlic public mind, and to have its effect oa thecertainup;itwasaeainstthelawofnations. IfadissolutiouoftheUnionshouldcome,itwillforthereasonthatthe Southern States have been denied their rights inthe Union. Where is the man hardy enough to un-dertake to collect revenue in South Carolina whenshe has left the Union ? Such a man would be the A ravloas Private nanireata from Mr. Bn- ilone the citizen undoubtedly owes obe<ilencc to the Pow er on the subject There has, donbtlesa,ii the first fruits of the projectedwhich, withYour letter of the 10thsible. HomanlovedillscountrySDorethanhedid. guishedofmypoliticalfriends,haveexpressed,with plainandrugged,yetIamndfoibremldyiepnecresuadedthatin- lessthanadespotism.Isbeginningtobefelt,whileitefrom I'hiladclphia, for publicationWABUiBOTorf, Dec. 15, IHtlO.moral treachery—butStates, it is justly called Con-sUtulional trea.son, and iswhicli, many believe,sal in the feudalcitizen obeying the lord or Government which ac-acUon of those in authority.bond, in ancient times, could be broken by the lord orwould the conflictyielded In theirspirited;emit bills of creditmake anythtog but gold and silver coin a tender in payment of debts ;Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069coin moneypas* any tills of attaindar, iJ->«.-(/(icto law, orUw "rhen' examineI;;»m able to stale that no communlcatioB has proper way, according to Article Fifth. Until this is been had with Uie representative or agent of a ainflaor otherwise, and also, lend him powerful protection, to friendship, alliance, missions, and out-fits —untMngnot only with respect to Ills property, but with regard more and even that has vaalsbed. Added to theseThe Matioaarc»ltat irnaM hav« seized, the ConsUtatioB overthrowa, a adUtafTTheThe President suhsaltted a letter from A? not, withinyouless than one month, haveminutes ef yesterday were read.second, orderingthe Clerk toiMybe-vdl-effect to thea warlike spirnit would have been and over again. Her honor is at stake. Le "e' in-coBduct a or bad as luck would have by good excuse,coursetiveed it soon will,the lack of Southern powerInvite another policy, such an one as will yet restore the;dicate thosewho Government Apolicyby^; it wouldbut a hideous massacre not to to halt—as well as from a'.;the r^ularit is doubtfulwhetherItwlU"UmSState little www.fultonhistory.com 