 ,ly* •,B 4©>f7A 9i-> •um.1*a<Ad.T .tatre« *e ire at. id- •to »d iv- .v.l m-*&idLOgiaawm ion, La-i n / jve i*dhis >,oa art* tho illy we sid- oan«nt erf roia rith buy•your regular twenty shillingthe last stage of dotage and debility, but by young, and" further particulars, see Supply bill, the last night ofThe number of officers may be materially decreasedin all the departments by judicious management.Now they are increased, removed, and shifted from tions of health to personal and public morals.Imi iiI I:11'4• * * , * *e#newnatureV* Wereply.Yonarenotm«nofadiffer-causetheyliveinEngland,andparticipateinEuglisn**ra species from ourselves; and, therefore, we will feelings. The Colonists, on the other hand, are de- vsntsgeou* to both parties. But these are in a rtate —never, though it should find in the highest ranks of To Senator Truman I would eay, be smart, and you The nurseries at Randall's Island is under tfe*nets crvfh'1 Aro not our dinners good? Are w» not enlightened minds m the country. They might have Irind friend*, fair dealers, generous benefactors ? Are been excused, if any persons could be excused,'fornot o«rr names in the- subscription Usts of »H your cbar- employing violent and abusive language. Yet theypoculier character of the state of 81avery which ex- eorporter8 Bhould be redoubled—never,,though BOP*"8" baps Senator Truman will think it worth his while to hands of the Democratic party, contrary to the spirit o< ists there. Our other settlements we have to dsfead try, and falsehood, and slander, and the jests of the inquire into the case. If he asks the right man, he the law.onJy against foreign/invasion. These we must protect potbctise, the ribaldry of the brothel, and the slang of doubtlesc will know all about it. At any rate, I will l*he Almshouse on Blackwell's Ielaad la under tfc*.be ring or fives' court, should do their utmost in its say that it would not astonish' me a bit that, if the<?e/enee—nsver, thouuh fresh insurrections should be troth could be told, tbe man who, as Commissioner, management of a Dutchman who, at the time «f torhave conducted themselves not perhaps exactly as we as th* saints represent u» to be 7 Can yon imagine might wish them, but still like gentlemen, like men ofagainst the constant enmity of the miserable boude-men, who are always waiting for the moment of de-liverance, if not of revenge. With our other esta*. got op. to frighten the people out of their judgment,, pages required to complete the first volumes alluded liebmentswemayestabhshcommercialrelationsad andfreshcompaniestobubblethemoutoftheirmoney toistheverymanwhogotagoodshareofthe$5,000. Jersey,andnotentitledtoavoteinthisState.Hkw t And can yon believe that w« are sueh monstersthat, by merely*;crossing the Atlantic, we acquire a senee, like men of feeling. Why is this ? Simply be-didn't, don't and won't furnish the copy for the few appointment, was a resident of the State ol W a ^ f fnotg*v« "*on powers with which we would not dare to. tru*tef«r*elves. We know that your passions are tikegraded by fsmiliaricy with oppression. Let us not be deceived. The cry which resounds from the West In- dies is raised by men, who are trembling less for thetrof. absolute pauperism; for what are bounties ana tbe peerage, or on the steps of the throne itself, the will see sights!TURK..charge of a Warden tbat, joining the Republics*^..ooza. W e know that your restraints are fewer; and,therefore, we know that your crimes must be greater. property, than for tie privileges of then: cast. TheseTbeee are the benefits for which we are to b* thank-ful. Tbeee are the benefits, in return for which weare to suffer a handful of managers and attorneys toinsult tbe KiDg, Lords, and Commons of England, inthe exercise of rights as old and sacred as any part ofcur Constitution. If the proudest potentate in Ea- Correspondence of The N. T. Tribune.party, left them one year since, and is therefore classed ENTERPRISES. as a member of the Republican party, although, ap- pointed at the recommendation of a Democratic Gov-. •' " '' ernor, and old retainers removed, in order to carry out SIK: I have to thank THK TRIBUNE fonts occasional; . attention to State interests. As you justly say on Mon- a bargain entered into by three*members of the Demo-,£r»de«eotic sovereigns men of harder hearts by na-tare than their subjects ? Are they born with a hered-are the persons who love Slavery for its own sake. The declarations so often made by the Parliament, by the Ministers, by the deadliest enemies of Slavery,"INSIDEVIEWS" ATALBANY.STATE FINANCES AND •itary tharst for Mood—with a natural incapacity forfriendship ? Surely not. Yet, what is their general that the interests of all parties will be fairly consider-character? False—'cruel—licentious—ungrateful. Maoy ed, and that wherever a just claim to compensation, of *fcem have performed single acts of splendid gene- can be established, compan&ation will be given, bring rosHy and heroism; a few may he named whose gen- no comfort to them. They may have no possessions,eral administraiion has been salutary; but scarcely one but they have white faces. Should compensation behas passed through life without committing at least given, few of them will receive a sixpence; but they some one atrocious act, from the guilt and infamy of will lose tbe power of oppressing with impunity everywhich restricting laws Would have saved him and 'his man who has a black skin. And it is to these men. victims. If Henry VIII. had been a private man, he who have scarcely any interest in the value of colonialmight have torn bis wife's ruff, and kicked her lap- property, but who have a deep interest—the interest dog. He was a King, and he cut off her head—not of a petty tyranny, and a despicable pride in the main- that h«i passions were more brutal than those of many tenance of colonial injustice, that the British Par-' ©the* m»n> but they were less restrained. How many liament is required to give up its unquestionable rightof the West Indian overseers can boast of the piety ana cf superintendence over every part of our empire. If Skagnanimity of Theodoeius ? Yet ia a single moment this were requested as a matter of indulgence, or re-of anger, that amiable prince destroyed more innocent commended as a matter of expediency, we might well people than all the ruffians in Europe stab in fifty be surprised. But it is demanded as a constitutionalyews. Thusit is with a master in the Colonies. We right. On what dees this right rest? On what stat- - will suppose him to be a good-natured man, but sub- ute 7 On what charter? On what precedent? OnAxBAthr, Feb. 24,1860. Senator Truman, and other members of the twohave taken such satisfaction as would have made tho Houses, having taken kindly an(l with interest the ears of all that heard of it to tingle ? Would there suggestions in my last concerning the cost of the Statecratic party, and three from the Republican side.The number of subordinate offices at the vario*rinstitutions are unequally divided: the Democrat!* party being in the majority, the excess of salaries ot;,.-' tbe Democratic officers over the Republican being from $17,000;to $20,000.I would repeat that the separation of Randal'* Island from every other institution would be a wiseand juet policy; as it is now governed it is nothingbut a resort in the Summer for junketing parties aoi companied by some one of the Governors, when a great ,parade takes place by the boys. The institution ia governed by a Committee of three'who are changed every jear, and what one Committee does the other ignores. And in fact but little attention is paid to thoject, like other men, to occasional tits of passion. Heopenly. It has not been.punished. It is at this'hour a " shall be subjected to no charge beyond or aside from millions a year of the two last years. The sums re-theme of boasting and merriment. And what is the " the gross sum of $50j000 named in said contract, for ceived directly from the railroads will not be sufficient, real wants of the institution.S'ves an order. It in slowly or negligantly executed. ages has been against their claim, they themselves do i Englard he would grumble, perhaps swear a little. not venture to deny. Do they mean to assert, that a Par-In the"West Indies, the law empowers him to inflict a liament in which they are not represented ought not tosevere flogging on the loiterer. Are we very unchar- legislate for them? That question we leave them to itable in supposing that he will sometimes exercise his settle with their friends of The Quarterly Review andprivilege s the John Bull newspaper, who, we hope, will en- lighten them on the subject of virtual representation. It by no means follows that a person who is humane Ii ever that expression could be justly used, it would in England will be humane to his negroes in the West be in the preeent case; for probably there is no interest Indies. .Nothing is so capricious and inconsistent as more fully represented in both Houses of Parliamentlanguage of our rulers ? *' We must not irritate them. " which the entire of said legislative-printing is stipu-~We must try lenient measures. It is better that such but a readjustment of canal tolls may be made to swelluniortunate occurrences should not be brought before " lated to be done.." Something like this may stop a the revenues of the next year to a considerable amount. the Parliament" Surely the mantle, or rather the cat-hole, or something more costly. At any rate, nocassock, of Sir Hugh Evans, has descended on theee harm can come from having this addition made to the Our true policy is a plain one; the large canal debtgentlemen. " I t iB not meet the council hear a riot. usual resolution, particularly when the large jobs, must be paid by tolls, not taxes. If paid by taxes itThere is no fear of Got in a riot. The council, look furnishes foundation (and a pretty good one, I must vou, shall desire to hear the fear of Got, and not to such as the Agricultural and Institute Reports, thexear a riot." We have outdone all the most memora- Report of the State Medical Society, and other pleth- admit,) for such claimsas are pressed in behalf of the ble examples of patience. The Job of Holy Writ, the oric documents, are ordered to be printed, with the Albany and J-Susquohanna Railroad, and of them there Griselda of piorane romance, were but types of oar extras. will be no end. The State at large will be punished philosophy. Surely our endurance *must be drawingWhat applies to Randal's Island will apply to all the other institutions. But Randal's Island is a peculiar institution, and requires a strict and regid supervision, and should be so managed that the officers appointed for its government should be of a permanent character. One efficient Commissioner would be all that is neces- sary to manage its affairs. (It now takes care of-iteelC)1 i ft! .i4\1'< iI ;i t-1 m •4•yI!'the. compassion of m«u. ' The Romans were people ofthe same flesh and blood with ourselves—tney iovedtheir friends—they cried at tragedies—they gavemoney to beggars; yet we know their fondaess forgladiatorial shows. When, by order of Pompev, someelephants were tortured in the amphitheater, the audi- ployed, with far greater justice, in favor of the eman- ence was so shocked at the yells and contortions bywhi'-h tbe poor creatures expressed their agony, that they burst forth into execrations against their favorite General. The same people, in tne same place, had probably often given the fatal twirl of the thumb which condemnea some gallant barbarian to receive the sword.' In our own tame, many a man shoots part- ridges in such numbers that he is compelled to bury them, who would chastise his son for amusing himself with the equally interesting and not more crusl diver- sion of catching flies and tearing them to pieces. The drover goads oxen—the fishmonger crimps cod—thi drsgoon sabers a Frenchman—the Spanish Inquisition burns a Jew—the Irish gentleman torments a Catholic. Thtse persons are not necessarily destitute of feeling. Each of them would shrink from any cruel employ- ment, except that to which his sitoation has familiar- ized him.There is only one way in which the West Indies will ever convince the people of England that their prac- tice is merciful, that is by making their laws merciful. Ws cannot understand why men should so tenaciously fight for powers which they do not mean to exercise. If the oppressive privileges of the master be nominal and not real, let Inm cede them, and silence calumny at once and forever. Let him- cede them for his own honor. Let him cede them in compliance with the de- sire, the vain and superfluous desire, we will suppose,sixty feet from the ground on the hand of the-King of doubted. As little do we doubt that such a revolu-Broodigoag, claps his hind on his sword and tells his tion, violent as it would doubtless be, would, be desira- less, several dull people have before now wondered Majesty that he knows how to defend himself ? You ble, if it were the only possible means of subverting why so much matter, which, to their dull agricultural will rebel! Bravely resolved most magnanimous the present system. Ine honors of a battle or a mas- apprehensions appeared useless, was printed. Some Grildrig! But remember the wise remark of Lord sacre force themselves upon our senses. The effects ofBeefington: " Courage without power," said that protracted tyranny, the terror, the degradation, tne have» been heard to declare that more than two-thirdsPennsylvania Canals, and my chief objection to the commencement of the enterprise arises from the ina- bility of the State to commence and prosecute to com- pletion, any improvement without paving twice'or thrice what the work should cost. We want a settle- ment in full with present contractors and engineers be- fore we can economically engage in any new work. It may be found good policy to lengthen the locks of the Erie, but that work can be deferred until State finances are in better condition.AFRICAN CIVILIZATION SOCIE TY.To (he Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.SIR: In a recent communication from Africa to tho .President of this Society, dated Abeocuta, Jan. 6, I860,Mr. Campbell pays:" I am happy to inform you, that we yesterdayconcluded a treaty with the King and Chiefs of Abeo- cuta, by which we secure tbe right of locating, in com- mon with the natives, on any part of the territory not otherwise occupied."not that crimes are perpetrated among them, but thatthey are toleiated. W e will give a single instance.Since the West Indies are fond of referring to ourKeWgate Calendar, we will place, side by side, a leaffrom that, melancholy Register, and another from the revenue to the country. They are a nuisery of sea- West Indian Annals. men. They take' vast quantities of our manufactures.what analogy ? Taat the uniform practice of pastand Buppeneiors of the Habeas Corpus act? InBar- " Van Benthuysen for Legislative Printing; the Statebadoes all this has been done. It has been done for half or three-quarters of the deficit of about twothan that of the colonial proprietors. But for' our- selves we answer; Wbat have you to do with such doctrines? If you will adopt the principles ef liberty, adopt them altogether. Every argument which you can urge in support of your own claims might be em-The subordinate officers in the various Department* bid defiance to the Wardens, and this will apply to A word or two about the Agricultural and Institute policy which constructs or enlarges even lateral canal >, Matrons as well, they being favorites of Governors ccillustrious exile, " is like a consumptive running foot- man." What are your means of resistance f A r e there in all the islands put together, ten thousand white men capable of bearing arms? Are not your forces, such as they are, divided into small portions which can never act in concert ? But this is mere trifling..Are you, in point of fact, at this moment able to pro- tect yourselves against your slaves without an assist- ance/ If you can still rise up and lie.down in secu- rity—if you can still eat the bread of the fatherless, and grind the faces of the poor—if you"can still hold your petty p irbaments, and sav your little speeches, and move your little motions—ff you can still outrage and insult the Parliament and people of England, toblighted affections, the stunted intellects, the pining of of the book was tie merest trash in the world; but the heart, the pr«mature decay of the fnune, are evils they were probably better judges of bulls than books.The Rev. J. B. Smith, in a letter from Canada, PeV.may be in tins body individuals infected with the worst the State save $4,000 by the opefation'? Clearly so. of the people of England. Is the repeal of laws which what do you owe it 1 To uothing but to our contempt- vices of the colonial 'character. But there are also And further, if by restricting the number ordered to arassment,a.have become obsolete—is the prohibition of crimes which are never committed, too great a return for a bounty of twelve hundred thousand pounds, for a pro- tecting duty most injurious to the manufacturers of England and the cultivators of Hindostan, for an army which alone protects from inevitable ruin the lives and po sessions ox the Colonists ?The fact notoriously is, that West Indian manners give protection even to these extreme enormities against which the West Indian laws provide. We have already adverted to one of the most ordinary sophisms of our opponents. "Why,*' they exclaim, *' m our whole body to be censured for the depravity of a few 7 Every society has its miscreants. If we had our Hodge, you had your Thurtell. If we had our Hoggins, you had your WalL No candid reasoner will ground general charges on individual cases." Tho. i erutation is s mole. When a community does nothiijg to prevent guilt, it ought to bear the blame of it. Wickedness,when paniahed, is disgraceful only t o t h e o f f e n d e r . U n p u n i s h e d , i t i s d i s g r a c e f u l t o t h e whole society. Our charge against tne Colonists isamong them many gentlemen of benevolent feelings corresponding economical standard a similar amountto be the mistress of her colonies—if she is to be only the handmaid of their pleasures, or the accomplice of their crimes, she may at least, venture to ass, as a handmaid, what are to be the wages of her services^— aa an accomplice, what ia to be her portion of the spoil? Ifjustice,andmercy,andliberty,andthelaw o f G o d , a n d t h e h a p p i n e s s o f m a n b e w o r d s w i t h o u t a meaning, we at least talk to the purpose when we talk of pounds, shillings, and pence.we verily believe," frcm any love of Slavery in the to do something practical, and effect a saving by cor- abstract, but partly because they think that their own recting an abuse which lies just under the surface, andLet us count our gains. Let us bring to the test tho lofty phrases of Colonial declamation. The West In- dies, we are told, are a source of vast wealth andFir at Cla—Third ootuhw, 13 Aihlll**, Tl cMWroa, *fcp«*fi»ot, 8ecoZd OJo*«—Second covwia* 120 fkmilie*, 513 children, W*On his- return to England, lie was indicted for murder. repeated till they have begun to improve upon tin allies. Scarcely have the Mluisurs of the Crown, and the expense swelled to §120,000, a* is alleged was He escaped to the Continent. For twenty years he impostors who invented them. Let us examine them scarcely have the Abolitionists themselves, beon more paid last year. To effect jthis,'yon have but to guard remained in exile. For twenty years the English peo- briefly. raccorously abused by the orators of Jamaica, th&n \*ell the resolutions you pass ordering printing to be ple retained tho impression ox his crime unelFaced Our commercial connection with the West Indies i* those persons. The objects of the two classes are done. I repeat, let Senator Truman look to this pre- withintheirhearts. Heshiftedhisresidence—hedis• simplythis. Webuyoursugarfromthematahigher whollydifferent. TheoneconsistsofEnglish,gentle-' cisething,ai>dhewilleffectmorethanhecanhope gnised his person—he chaxged his name—still their price than is given for it in any other part ofthe world. men, naturally solicitous to preserve the source from for in any other way. Then let the renorts be thickr, eyes were upen him, for evil, and not for good. At The surplus they export to the Continent, where the ^nhich they derive a part of their revenue. The other and the numbers large, and you will see squirming length, conceiving that all danger was at an end, he price is lower; and we pay them the difference out of is composed, in a great measure, of hungry adventur- somewhere. By way of enforcing this idea, I will returned. He was tried, convicted, and hanged, our own pockets. Our trade with the West Indies ia ers, who are too poor to buy the pleasure of tyranny, repeat what I stated in my last, viz: List Winter, amid the huzzas of an innumerable multitude.'* saddled with almost all the expense of their civil and and are therefore attached to tho only system under notwithstanding the $50,000 contract was in force, inperfect, 103 Jeft'cnve.• Fifth OioM—Couwnaofreason, being a compjete-b.argain and sale by the mem- p«xf«ct, 123 defective.codaia*,"*' -•'-'- " '•' GliWuVi, l8TcHldr«nf M' Edward Huggrasof Nevis, about fifteen years ago military establishments, and with a bounty of £ 1 , - fioirged upward of twenty slaves in the public market 200,000. Let these be deducted from the profits of place, wiih such severity as to produce the death o ' which we hear so much, and their amount will shrink one, and to ruin the constitutions of many. He ha 1 indeed. Let us then deduct from the residue the grcHi?]y violated the law of the Colony, Which pre- advantages which we relinquish in order to obtain it— scribes a limit to suoh inflictions. He had violated it that is to say, the profits of a free sugar trade all over ia ojtn day, and in the presence of a .magistrate. He the world; and then we shall be able to estimate the was indicted by the law officer of the crown. His ad- boasted gains of a connexion to which we have sa- vocate acknowledged the fact, but argued that the actwhich they can enjoy it gratis. The former wish only the case of the Agricultural Report, a voluminous Departments. >There is good reason to believe that c m there were 31 famine.*. 207 children, al) perfoct.', ••''", 'to secure their possessions; the.latter are desirou%to document and super-extra numbers were desired this provision is virtually set aside. The law never Mr. KoBitfs read a brief paper on tho effects of air'" .„ perpetuate the oppressive privileges of the white skirK by the Printer, while the resolution directed the contemplated that any of the Governors should appro- . unori health. ' • ' * - >-- .''. •-':-:<- '• .•'" '••"-'• *' -'• ' -"•)- • Against those privileges let us declare interminable printing to be done "under the direction of the The'T*fcA5#kEk 'reported- the receipts of the Aesoefc- war—war for ourselves, and for our- children, and for " Secretary. of State," It. would have sent a priate carriages forany other 1banlegitin^^,pur|>d8^s »atipn tO date$4d:5«3;• and>tke oiaburseinente $409 15^ .-. our grandchildren—war without peace—war without cold chill down somebody's back had there been —never intended that the InstitutionsJ d^Jiiesf^^fL Jia&inWB^ajSSe* <KWi$&orfr«ew&a«S * » w ^ > *;i•' y • :A .<•••.1on which he was tried, was passed only to silence the zealots in England, and was never intended to be en- forced. Huggini was acquitted! But that was a trifle. Some members of the House of Assembly lost their seats at the next election, for taking part against him. A printer of a neighboring island was convicted of a libef, for merely publishing an official report of the evidence, transmitted to him by authority. In a word, he was considered as a martyr to the common cause, and grew in influence and popularity; while a mofet respectable planter, an enlightened and a ?com-liahed gentleman, Mr. Tobin, who nobly despising Sle prejudices of his class, had called the attention of the Government to these diabolical outrages, was me- naced with prosecutions, assailed with slanders, andpreserved only by blindness from challenges.Let these caseebe compared. We donot say that WallBut ihe West Indians take great quantities of our manufactures! Thev can take only a return for the commodities which they send us. And from whatever country we may import the same commodities, to that country must we send out the same returns. What is it that cow limits the demands of our Eastern empire ?We entreat these respectable persons to reflect onT swamped by the single \ob. Let Senator Truman look their piopeity. Even if it were in their power to put. keep a good watch'on him to see if he don't forget.crificed the Negroes in one hemisphere, and the Hin- doos in the other. ,ing tbe Association' that a medical man, connected tives of color. than one-third ox the entire 'sum would have been- chanalianfeasts* Therei* good ground'for%>belief with the Qtef Inspector's [Department, had pubHuhedAbsolutely nothing but the want of an adequate re-turn. From that immense market—from the custom ancient fabrics of colonial empire are falling to pieces.with a Red-Book. • - .,JMr, Spjnola oakrd tnVfienatbr to accept'an ameniltrieril -that 'ih^^mould:be^$pxi^^bjthe Board pf Supervisors,that Season and Eerelation taught, and Experience everywhere demonstrated, the intimate relations o£ health and good morals, ae set forth in the stated re- ports of the religious, reformatory and elemosynarr institutions of our city, whicfi reiterated and dwelt largely upon the vital importance of these mutualreb*-of one hundred millions of consumers, our manufac- turers are in a great measure excluded, by the pro- tecting duties on East Indian sugar.But a great revenue is derived from the West Indian trade ! Here, again, we have the same fallacy. As long as the same quantity of sugar is imported into England, no: matter from what country, the revenue will not suffer; and, in proportion as the price of su-The old equilibrium of power has been disturbed by the introduction of a crowd of new States into the system. Our West India possessions are not now sur- rounded, as they formerly were, by the oppressed and-s impoverished colonies of a superannuated monarchy, in/the Red-Bookbe full bonnd,'gilt edge, &c adopted.[Accepted,-rreasdolution "and not'elected; :.was not as bad a man as Huggins; but we dosay that gar is ciminished, the consumption, and, consequently, ' that we shall be able to defend them against Mexicotbe session, and *' when found, make a note of." Two years ago, Red-Books alone cost about $12,000, under this sort of " gilt edged, &c," orders. Wake up, my old friend, and you will almost any,day Bee these little jokers dodging all about you. Remember, that in the matter of Red-Books, the $1,000 paid to hush up the competition which ruined the business last Winter, must be got back, as well as the loss of the usual. " good thing,"'in consequence thereof made up, and .it-is these' " full bound, gilt edged, &.c./r orders that are doing the business every day. Again, I say, seethe Supply bill, and in ttmeJNow that Senator Truman has hie hand in, I willtake the liberty to put him on a scent. 1 understand him to be a stickler for all he isjustly entitled to, and that as Senator, he applies the same rule to the State.xAll-'right! Now let me put him on the scent, and in duetime let him say what he has found. If his memory is cases of bastardy in the case of subordinate officers.ithe revenue, must increase. But the West Indian or Hayti ? We are told tbat a pamphlet of Mr. Ste-trade affords extensive etnployment to British ship- phen, or a speech of Mr. Brougham, is sufficient to ping and seamen! Why more than any other exten- exc;te all tbe slaves in our colonies to rebel. What,sive trade with any other part of the world ? The then, would be the effect produced in Jamaica by themore active our trade, the more demand there will be appearance of three or four Black regiments with for shipping and seamen; and every one who has thirty cr forty thousand stand of arms ? The colonylearned the alphabet of Political Economy knows that would be lost. Would it ever be recovered'! Would trade is active in proportion only as it ia tree. Englaid engage in a contest for that object, at so vastThere are some who assert that, in a military and a distance, and in so deadly a climate ? Would shepolitical point of view, the West Indies are of great not take warning by tbe fate of that mighty expedi- importance to this country. This is a common, but a tion which perished in St. Domingo? Let us suppose,monstrous misrepresentation. We ventdre to say, however, that a foice were sent, and that, in the tiold,that Colonial empire has been one of tbe greatest curses it were successful. Have we forgotten howloug aof modern Europe. What nation has it ever strength- fewMaio<ns defended the central mountains of the ened 7 What nation has it ever enriched ? What have island against all the efforts of disciplined valor ? Abeen its fruits ? Wars of frequent occurrence and im-mense cost, fettered-trade, lavish expenditure; clashingthe English people liave nothing to do wit h the crime of Wall, and that the public character of the people of Nevis suffers seriously by the crime of Huggins. They have adopted t i e guili, and they must share in the infamy. We know that the advocates of Slavery af- fect to deride this and similar narratives as old and threadbare. • They moor at them in conversation, and cough them down in the House of Commons. But it is in vain- They are written on the hearts of the people; and they will nave remembered when all the smooth nothings of all the official defenders of such transac- tions are forgotton.The truth is simply this. Bad laws and bad cus- toms, reciprocally producing and produced by each other have given to the whites in all the slave islands —Dutch, Spanish. French, and English—a peculiar character, in which almost all the traits, which in this ouarter of the world, distinguish the different nations, are Soft. Wo think we describe that character suffi- cientJy when we call it the despotic character. In nothing does this temper more strongly appear than in the rage and contempt with which the Colonists re- ceive every command, and indeed every admonition, from iht authorities of the mother country. When the territorial power and the commercial monopoly ofthe fcast India Company have been at stake, has thatgreat tjody conducted itself thus 1 Do even foreigu]>oweTH treat us Jn this manner ? We have often re-Bioiistii*ted with the greatest sovereigns of the Conti-nent on ihe subject of the t>lave-trade. We have beenrepolst^—we have been deluded. But by whom have"we been insulted ! The representations of the Kingand people ol England have never been met with out-rageous scorn and. anger—except by the men whjowe their food to our bounties and their lives to ourtrocp*. To the most gentle and moderate advice, t> of the Indian hatchet, and all the bloody contracts of nial dominions. This is the only safeguard. You may the soggettions of the most respectable of the Wes;There should be more attention paid to the appoint-ment of officers. Under the present system, men areappointed for their political services—some of them buta grade above the inmates they are placed over, andsome of them not equal to some of the inmateB undertheir charge. It is notoriously known that one of theWardens has been caught in criminal connection withone or more prostitutes under his charge. It is also ' wounded burglar coolly asked him if "he thought hajurisdiction, corruptions in governments, and indigenceamong the people. What nave Mexico and Peru done The country might spend fifty millions of pounds, andwho have had children sworn to them by prostitutes under their charge, and they are still retained in office. They now keep a rum shop at every institution onfor Spain, the AJrazils for Portugal, Batavia for Hol-land ) Or, if the experience of others is lost upon us,shall we not profit by our own ? What have we notsacrificed to our infatuated passion for transatlanticdominion 7 This it is that has so often led us to risk lost to the owner. Jn the mean time the soil lies un-forced prices W. an enormous poor-rate in disguise?purveyors of its slander, and the mercenaries of itp defense!I %JIrepe, if tbe King of France, or the Emperor of all the * Ru&sias, had treated our Government aa tbeee crea-day, " tho taxes must not be allowed to increase be- "yond those of last year (2| mills on the dollar);" nor need they be increased. Present prospects are, that the bilLfor tolling railroads will pas3, to the great relief of the financial embarrassments of the State. I do not quite like the proposition to toll the Erie, or ex-empt the Oswego and Syracuse; but still, I harestrong hopes that the bill ordered to a third reading in ,the Senate will speedily pass both Houses. I see that light has broken in one of the dark places in the State, and that even a newspaper in Albany has given some pretty good reasons why the bill may be passed. Fol-mmNEW^YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY. MARCH 3, I860. 19tures of our own have dared to do, should we notnot have been a stately manifesto and a warlike mes- sage to both Houses, and vehement speeches from all parties, and unanimous addresses abounding in offers of lives and fortunes ? If any English mob, composedPrinting, I will venture to make some more.If it is " Uncle Lyman's " real object to do some-thing practical in the way of effecting results, I wouldof tbe disciples of Paine -and Cariile. should dare to suggest that he can accomplish that object in no waypull down a place of religious worship, to drive the ni'ore certain or direct than by insisting that everyminister from nvs residence, to threaten with destruc- resolution ordering legislative printing shall have these,tion any other who should dare to-take his place,would not the yeomanry be called out? Would not or words to the same_ unmistakable import, added,Parliament be summoned before the appointed time ? viz: " The printing hereby ordered shall bo executedWould there not be sealed bags and secret comcoitines, " under tbe contract between the State and Charles lowed by the proper policy, this measure may provideto a close.tion. At present, what you require under the name of deserved such a punishment. But for the sake of the the State Printer, have ever colluded to swell the an-freedom is nothing but unlimited power to oppress. It Slaves, for the sake of those persons, residing in this payment of the Canal Debt by taxes rather than tolls,is the freedom of jtfero. country, who are interested in West Indian property, nual report of said Society to the largest dimensions, will find their mistake'by the next election if not sooner. w e should grieve to see it inflicted. That the Slaves, in order to promote some particular interest. Doubt-- I am by no means certain but that the Chenang •" But we will rebel." Who can refrain from think- when no longer restrained by our troops, would in no less there is not a single page, line, or word, in all theing of Captain Lemuel Gulliver, who, while raised very long time achieve their o wn liberation, cannot be first volume that could safely be omitted. Neverthe- Canal should be extended and connected with tintheir friends.A CITZEW OP NKW-YOBJCreports. Of course, I would not be understood as inti-soon as possible.'have taken place, your demand will deserve considera husks which they have desired. The Colonists have is little less than the Agricultural Society itself, and I think the party journals who are advocating thecipation of^your bondsmen. When that event shallmating that the worthy gentleman who, :is Secretary,We do not wish that England should drive forth her prodigal offspring to wear ihe rags' and feea on theby direct taxation. This policy must be changed asless obvious, but equally certain; and, when continued But let me state a case: If the printing of the State through fuccessive generations, make up a greater Agricultural Society Report costs annually $15,000solicited, and earnestly desire to go to Yoraba, if our Society can aid them. My only fear is, that of getting on our hands a larger number than we have money or means to provide for." 'f• A very important and inter*sting meeting of the African Civilization Society will be held at the Cooper Institute, on Wednesday evening next, at 8 o'clock.Addresses will be delivered by Rev. Stephen H. Tyng, D. D., Rev. Asa D. Smith, D. D., Rer. Dr. Wm. Hague, Rev.. Dr. Dowling, and Rev. Theodore) L. Cuyler.The plan and object of the Society will be explained by the President and Secretary.A. A. CONSTANTINE, Cor Soc, No. 23 Btble-Hoo*©, Now-York, March 2,18S0.SAN I TAR Y AS SO CIA TION.The regular monthly meeting of the New-York Sani- tary Association: was held in room No. 19 Cooper In- stitute on Thursday, Dr. GRISCOJI in the chair. Prof.:O. W. MORRIS of the Committee on the Influence ofthe Marriage Relations, reported progress- When oa the floor he said that the Secretary of State for Ohio hadieported 12,829 persons afflicted in that State, ot whom 817 were idiotic; 814 insane; 693 deaf arnddjamb; 415 blind; 34 deaf, dumb, and idiotic; ,}&J$*&&&?& and insane; 7 deaf, dumb, and blind; 3 blind >M.iqi- otic; 1 blind and insane; 45 afllicted with&.c. The relationships were as follows^ 9,relationships; 1JD77had relatian«bips?v thei* 3wf$w'; 2 , 3 6 2 o f . w h o j s e r e l a t i o n s h i p * * & o t h n % w a e l c n d w n ^ 1 » r . Bemiss had reported to the American Medical Associa- tion the following classification of relationships:(look at the figures in the Controller's oilice and see if sum of human misery than was ever inflicted inthe -paroxysm of any rovolution. Still, we cannot doubt I am not under the mark by $5,000), and if at leastthat savages, rude in understanding, exasperated by one third of the expense can be saved by a ju-injuries, intoxicated by recent freedom, would be much dicious management of the contents, instead of If, as the State Engineer reports, " the Erie Canalbenefited by the wise and merciful controlof an en- pitchforking everything in, as at present, without <l may be given seven.feet depth of water a!;an ex-lightened people. much regard to what the matter is, only the more the We feel also for the West Indian proprietors who better; and if $1 000 would amply pay some competent reside in England. Between them and the inhabitants person for the labor of sifting, arranging, and prepar- of the Colonies we see a great distinction. There ing all that was valuable for publication, wouldnot" pense of $275,000," and railroad tolls shall be im- posed at the present session, the State may soon emerge from her long-continued disgraceful financial embar-uous mercy. If we suspend our protection—if we recall oar troops—in a week the Knife is at your throats!Look to it that we do not take you at your word.What are you to us that we should pamper and de-fend you 7 If the Atlantic Ocean should pas* overyou, and your place know you no more, what shouldve lose ? Coula we find no other cultivators to acceptof our enormous bounties on sugar?—no other pesti-lential region to which we might send our soldiers to allies with whom they would have to cooperate. Bat Report. The simple truth is, that these and a few catch the yellow-fever ?—no other community for what they have saia has, upon the whole, been said other things have for years been regarded as jobs, on which we might pour forth our blood and lavish our manfully and courteously. Their influence^ however, which the State has annually squandered not less than money, to purchase nothing but injuries and insults 7 is at present exerted decidedly in favor of Slavery, not, $10,000. If Senator Truman or anybody else desires "What do we make by you T If England is no longerBLACK WELL!SISLAND.and enlarged minds, who have done much to alleviate might be saved, would not there be a totalthe condition of their slaves, and who would willingly saving of not much short of $8,000 or $10 000 on this single job ? I venture the assertion that of theTo th* Editor of. Th« IT. Y. Tribune.see the meliorating measures which bis Majesty's min- edition of this Report printed last year a searchSm: Ten years since a number of public-spirited gentlemen convened for the purpose of framing a law for the better government of the Almshouse Depart- ment.The Convention succeeded in framing a law, and presented it to the Legislature for their adoption. The principles of the law were as follows:' That five mem- bers of each of the then existing parties should com- pose a Board of Ten Governors, for the better admin- istration of the Almshouse Department, and that one member from each party should retire every year, and new members be elected by the people.One great and salutary feature;in the haw was,thattheWardensoftheAlmshouse,Penitentary,andWorkhouse, should have the power to appoint anddischarge their subordinate officers,'with the exception consideration to their mterestk.' $k&. bonesfr but un- puffed to the largest dimensions, as the fattest sort of of the Ulerk of each Institution, • But so far is this rale informed zeal of individuals may sometimes breakibrth jobs; Under the present contract, however, if hon- now reversed, that they dare not remove or appoint aninto intemperate expressions. But the great body of estly observed, there would be no recessity for thisthe people make a wide 'distinction between the class pruning operation. The State is bound to pay $50,000 officer, however incompetent, without bringing down**Third Clati—First COUBIM, 600 Jamillce, 2.T78 children* St£ Mr.WallwasGovernoratGoree. Inthatsituation Theyaddtoourpoliticalimportance. Theyareusefal theircarttopreservethatdistinctionindelible. doneisnot,bysomehookorcrook?paidfor,tosome nowremovedfrompositionstheyhaveheldasWar- P^^J'^/j-Do^le^u^iu, 27femilUw,154ohlldtsu^isters have suggested, adopted by the West Indian legislators. They have scarcely anything in common with the Colonists, or with the* scribblers whom thewould discover at least one-fourth of the whole num-Colonists feed- and clothe. They have taken little part State Printing office, and Secretary of State's office. in the controversy, ashamed probably of the infamous The same is equally true of the American Institutecharacters are in some degree affected by the attacks is therefore easily enough reached, let him take in hand which are made on tbe Colonial system, and partly be- tbe matter of printing these two documents. Let himcause they apprehend iheir propei"ty is likely to suffer have the matter to be printed confided to a hand thatinconsequence of the feeling which at present pre- vails throughout the country.will sift the chaff from the wheat; let that be printed only;ihenletthenumberprintedbereducedone-half, OT t o w h a t w i l l b e r e a s o n a b l e ; a n d l e t t h e s a m e p r o c e s aO n b o t h p o i n t s t h e y a t e m i s t a k e n .vinced that there is nqt, in any qnarter, a feeling un- be appbed to the Institute Report, and perhaps ether friendly tp them, or 'anV'mdispoeftion to give a fair documents that have long .b#n nursed, petted, andW e a r e c o n -truce—war without quarter? But we respect the an addition made to the resolu'ti.on requiring the work rights of property as much as we detest the preroga- to be done as a part of the $50,000 contract.. More. should be turned into, hotels and restanrante* nop bae-1., Pr^ttrS£<«t lel^theoHair^fornaiopurpoa^of inform* 'i•'ber of copies stored away in garrets, olfices, ani shopsof members who voted themselves the same, in theof which we speak and the Colonial mob. Let it be : any way, and all it haB to do is to see that what is the vengeance of some of the Governors. Officers arebe flogged a man, to death, on pretense of mutiny. posts in time of war. These absurdities. have been We call for their snpport. Tbey are"emr natural extent at least, outside of the gro^'sllM 6f'$5U,Wnr,6f '$5U,9wr, T 0OB* *0 subordinate positions, and for no assignablethat these intentions are wholly disregarded.., , on article in which he 'claimed that sunlight was inju- the precarious nature of the tenure by which they hold to this thing next time.. 'There will be those who will RandallYIaland should be Beparateo! from Black- rious and that' the numerous cases- of the alarmingwell's Island.v 'One .Warden shoiil I be appointed for infantile" mortaji^jcof the city were traceable to thata stop to this controversy—if the subject of Slavery I am afraid that'" Uncle Lyman" is not always on the entire island, and he*Bhbula1 appoint Deputy War- c£use. A Committee.of dive were appointed to inVee-were no longer to occupy the attention of the British public, could they think themselves secure from ruin ? Are POominous signs visible in the political horizon ? How is it that they do not discern this time ? AH thetigate:ti»e^bjeet^ and report nrK>n.;th» im|n>rtance oivigorous, and warlike republics. We have defended our colonies against Spain. Does it therefore followpost to pillar, in order to suit the whim of any Gov- ernor or any outside friends—appointed to fill placcB, they are entirely unfit for, and, when appointed, bid the Warden defiance, entirely subversive of all order or discipline.And the meeting adjourned.THK Two DKSPKR.ATX: BURGLARS.—Chas. Murphy,the daring burglar who was so frightfully injured on Saturday night by leaping from a live-story building- to the roof of another, and rolling from there to the ground, is lying at the Hospital as comfortably aa could be expected- His right thigh sustained a com- pound fracture,. his left leg was Jjroken below tho knee, and his face and head were seriously bruised. While I>r. Hull was dressing his woundaand seriously contemplating the amputation of the right leg, theFimilar contest on a larger scale might be protracted f«r half a century, keeping our forces in continual em- ployment, and depriving property of all its security.terminated. Nor is this all. In a servile war, the Where is the Jlrst volume? "That's the question."master must be the loser^—for his enemies are his chat- tels. Whether the slave conquer or fall, he is alikeDid he ever see it 7 Did he ever aee the man who the best of liquor is dispensed to their friends at thecultivated; the machinery is destroyed, and when the possessions of the planter are restored to him, they have been changed into a desert.ever saw a copy 7 I venture to say he never did. Where, then, is it, and what is there about the thing ? That is the precite point I wish he would inquire into. In matters of State Printing, where any information is most wanted, the most natural thing is to go to thepublic expense, also cigars; and in the Summer and Fall innumerable dinnerparties, numbering from five to forty persons.our own smiling gardens and dear firesides for somesnowy desert or Iniectious morass on the other side ofthe globe. This inspired us with the project of con-quering America in Germany. This induced us to re-sign all the advantages oi our insular situation—1>embroil ourselves inthe intrigues and fight the battles of raising the condition of tbe slaver. We must give probably should this investigating-Senator seek to knowhalf the Continent—to form coalitions which were in- them institutions which they may have no temptation all there is to be known on this subject, he can be ac- out until 2 and 3 o'clock in the morning, and then re-stantly broken—and to give subsidies which wer<j to change. Wo have governed the Canadians liberal^ commodated any day. If he fails," let that fact be turning, stopping at the Island and making night hide-never* earned. This gave birth to the fratricidal war and leniently; and the consequence is, that we can known, audi will confer in private with tho Senator out—waking up the inmateB and disturbing the peaceagainst American liberty, with all its disgraceful de- trust to them to defend themselves against Ithe most for the space ol ten minutes,. of the whole institution; and the boys have been dinfcki. He finally ran away from there, having first feats, and all its barrtn victories, and all the massacre* formidable power that anywhere threatens onr Colo-the Hessian slaughterhouse. This it was which, in th-) reaew all the atrocities of Barbadoee and Oemerara. war against the French Republic, induced us to send You may inflict all the most hateful punishments au-worth as many cents as it cost dollars, don't alter tho fife, to perambulate the Twelfth Ward for the beuefitOur policj is clear. If we wish to keep the Colo- State Printer. As the present State Printer is a gentle- nies, we must tate prompt and effectual measures for. man above reproach, and of unswerving truthfulness,Tbeboat8, with their crews cemposed of inmates of Workhouse and Penitentiary, have been taken at night, and parties taken to the High Bridge and keptWiuu proprietors resident in England, they reply onlyin raving* of abmrd slander, or impotent defiance.The -1.,-ays jn their newspapers, the speeches of theirfcgi*U»r<<r»; the resolutions of their vestries, are, al- of our enemies were pouring over the Rhine and the once more roast your captives in slow fires, and starvemost without exception, mere collections of rancorous Alps. When a colonial acquisition has been in pros- them in iron cages, or flay them alive with the cart-fcbnhe, unmixed with argument. If the Anti-Slavery pect, we have thought no expenditure extravigant, no whip. You will only hasten the day of retribution. There- was composed of the State Engineer, Win. ,1. Blackwell's Island. etc The next heard of him is his arrest in the store Society -would publish a small tr»cc, containing simply interference perilous. Gold has been to us aa dust, fore, we say, " Let them go forth from tho house ofthousands and tens of thousands of our bravest troops thorized by ihe irBnlar codes. ' You may massacre by to dre in the West Indian hospitals, while the armies the thousand, and hang by the pcore. You may evencase. Let Tit have it; if we can't, then let us know why.of political candidates.Governors are now paying $00 per month extra forthe leading articles of five or six numbers of The Ja- and blood as water. Shall we never learn wisdom ? bonoage. For wo unto yon, if you wait for the aaicH Gazette, without note or comment, tbey would, Shall wo never cease to proeecute a pursuit wilder plsgues and the signs, the wonders and the war, the vre relive, do more to illustrate the character of their than the wildest dream of alchymy, with all the ere- mighty band and the outstretched arm!"adversaries than by any other means which cin be aality and all the trofusion of Sir Epicure Mammon? If the great West Indian proprietors shall persist in devised. Such a eolle<lion would exhibit to the coun- Those who maintain that iettlements so remote con- a different line of conduct, and ally themselves with try tbe real nature of that malignant spirit which ban- duce to the military or maritime power of nations, fly the petty tyiauts of the Antilles, it matters little. We ifcheo Salisbury, which destroyed Smith, and which in the face of history. The colonies of Spain were far should gladly accept their assistance; but we feel as- broke tte honest heart of liameay. mere extensive an<l .populous than ours. Has Spain, sured that their opposition cannot affect the ultimateThey are paying $7,000 yearly for milk for the nur- of Dexter, Lambert & Co, on Saturday night. WhenIt is remarkable, that most of these zealots of Slave- at any time within the last two centuries;been a match it-suit of the controversy. It is not to any particularry, liave Utile or no pecuniary interest in the question. for England either by land or by sea7 Fifty years party in the church or in the State; it is not to theright•it the Colonies should be ruined, the lots will fall, not BOO, our colonial dominions in America were far larger or to the left hand of the speaker; it is not to the cathedralapon the bookkeepers, the Overseers, the herd of and more pro-jperous than those which we at present or to the meeting, that we look exclusively for sup-needy emigrants who make up the noisy circles of Ja- possess. Have we since that time experienced any port. We bfcheve that, on this subject, the hearts of oi the:same by one of the Commissioners, who The time has arrived when the present system should tie udvjce and consent of tho Senate,—NOTAIUBH PCBWO—maica; but upon the EUises, the Jiibberts, the Man- decay in our political influence, iu our opulence, or in the English People burn within them. They hate consented to forego his $3,000 salary and expenses. be amended, and honorablo and high-minded mea Kit-<J»—Oliver Cotter, Benry C. Marvin, Richard J. Tod*. ntrj/if, Eaen of ti.e-inoat respectable characters and our security ? Or shall we say that Virginia was a Slavery. They have hated it for ages. It hae, indeed, l<or myself I do not undertake to attest the truth of Wtftchettcr—John M. Rowell. JSevr- York—Samuel Brown,*Wefhouldtx>f^; bifc^u*j TO« ifae *x«lution of cru*!'y; but th«-y aro*, from the 2 S T v ? f ! S liuA C o u n fW wa» about to «a*« tb*> criminal; *"•« u* f<*Jz,g ^piewwt w«i for the triumph of j«wtic«s-.-less valuable possession than Jamaici, or Massachu- hidden itself for a time in a remote nook of their do- ihfe tradition. 1 have my convictions, however. At should be put in those plajcs—those who will pay Thoma»0. Cuumiing,4fdwurd E Cowle». Stewart L. Woodford. settsthanBarbadoee? , minions;bntitisnowdiscoveredanddraggedtolight. thetimetheywereimbibed,Ididnotdoubttheirentire moreattentiontotiieirlegitimatebusiness,andlessto GeoigeA.DeKicttas,JosephC.Hoywood. Waller&.T.Jon.-*.fromapplaudingthowabout*,ifJ< liii J. Lattlnu Richard C MoCormiok, James Marriner, Alex- The fact is, that all the evilsof eur Colonial system That is sufficient. Its sentence is pronounced pandit correctness. If this subject is germane to the Printing drinking and caroxusing. '--• liumUton Odell, E, I). Milln, H*nnan C. Tulhuan. UAKUOX.are immensely aggravated ia the Weet ladies by thenever caa escape I never, though all the efforts of Ha Investigation (and I think it will b« found, to be), par- All the institutions of importance are no w in the MAMKK—lUubom Van Valkentmrgh of New-1'yrlt. four WAU- *>»H—Lowii Lounaburr of Jttoutgouiwv.i£3Haffiwww.fultonhistory.com'nHI*i<WrHW"l'il'rr»/i1& i*/i, • .'•r-vii.-j.y-.i^'askiiLfctttttsmm^m^BP^WWUntitled Document:.~.'i -\Af««w«wiv .i^-nT-'"'-""• 1 J• '..•is••.'• IThere is a large volume to which the State is en- tiiken from the nursery at night, with their dfum and titled, which it has not had, and whether or not it isforged his employer's mime to drafts amounting to up- ward of |300, on which he raised the money. Com iug to Now- York, ho assumed the name of Scrimovin- tki, and took board at a private house in Murray street. He remained here but a few days, when heThis Board of Railway Commissioners is a highly interesting and suggestive subject. The law "was pa*sed in April in 1«;>.'), and repealed April, 1857. Itbread, when there is no existing necessity, being dailysupplied with good broad from the bakehouse on left with a quantity of bodclothes, blankets, clothing,To-tht Editor of The NT. Y. Tribune.severely for its injustice in promoting and continuing abers of the Board, the equilibrium of the Board being Sixth Clast—Uncle* and aunt*, or nephews and (nisei*. 12 ;:fiugUlem, 63 ohildronv lO'perfocfc, 43 defcetiv©. " " " '- > entirelydestroyed-. Thefactis,•thattheWardensare SeventhCla*i>—Inc«*tuousconnections,10cues,81.cHldrwvXmere automatons in the hands of th$ Governors, and instruments of the will.perfect, SO defective.Eighth Qlan*—fjnrt cousins reported irregulari, 30 fkihilie*, 118children, 43 porfec*. *0 defective.Total—H73 famfliw, 3,900 children, 1,410 perfect, 2,490 de-The law says that no Governor shall be engaged inthe furnishing of articles of any kind to the several . Of 125 where no relationship existed between the fciniHe"^the watch. In the Senate nroceedingBon Friday last, denstd the 'Alms^Hbuse, Work-House, and Peniten- ' Ihxbt as an agent of healtn.The Journal repdrtB the following resolutions: tiary. The .number of Commissioners should be re-Mr. GOM—TM the Cleri famish each Page of the Se'nite - duced" to;,,three,or five, with a sufficient salary, and he would introduce a resolution, based upon the facegood, he will remember that toward the close of thesession, two Winters ago, a large, good-looking volumemade its appearance on the desks of members and Sen-ators, the title to whjch indicated that it was tho secondbury fifty thousand men; before the contest could be volume of the Railway Commissioners' Report. the islands, and at their office in the Rotunda, wherewell known that the Governors have compromised" would be lame 7" The man at present is quite com- fortable, but it is thought that when both the wounds begin to suppurate, the tax on his system will be so great as to gradually wear him out.It will be recollected that Murphy's confederate wa* a Polo, who surrendered quietly and was taken to the station-houBe, where he gave the name of Louis Ber- nowskL It is now thought that he is the man for whom the detective officers havo been looking for aev- eral weekf, and who ia wanted in Philadelphia to an- swer a charge of forgery. It appears that this man ar- rived in this country a few months ago from Poland, he having spent five years bore before. On his arrival he proceeded to Philadelphia, where he engaged to work for an architect named Samu.il Sloan. Wjbile in Mr. Sloan's employ he passed under the name of By-MoAlpin, elected annually by the stock and bond-holders of tho railroad corporations of the State, andJames B. Swain, appointed by Gov. Clark for theterm of three years. Each Commissioner, except the management of cows, to be kopt on the Island, a very tectives of this city were furnished with his descrip-^State Engineer, received a salary of $2,500, and large amount of money might be saved. tion and a warrant for his arrest. With this descrip- actual expenses not exceeding $500, all of which was There is a general apathy on the part of the Govern- tion Bemowski tallies exactly; but to make the case paid by the several railroad corporations of tho State hurc, persons who.knew him in Philadelphia have nijijpjpofction to their gross receipts. At the exwra- ors, in regard to tho management of the var ous ineti- been sent for to coino and identify him. Murphy in-series alone on Randall's Island; whereas, byajudicioushis escape from Philadelphia became known, the de-stutions—visiting them but seldom and when they do,pay no attention to what is essential and necessary. sists that this is his Jlrst ollense, and that he was ledThe Institutions are now in fact taking care of them- into it by the Pole.ibilioatf house iu Albany, and tho receiving selves. . APPOINTMENTS BY THE GOVERNOR—Byfrrad withpny-ngoffe.1,000by a member of a certain leadingThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069l«*.*^* *rtHfi«*^M/24, 1860, says, " that scores have called upon me, un-fective.there were 837 children, 18'dereciive, 819 perfect. In another^X)r, HAJUU* gave notice that> at the next meetings• *•< •'i '.T' •'•..-••-'.. •!(1 'It-••c'*•'.' 1 V /I 