 /selected for nomination with special reference democracy, the State of New Jersey will be to their availability for such outrages, Iso lost to Lincoln. But should the Bell-EverettNEW YORK HERALD.hers of Use Common Council a—posed of t-ckctsforth* bail st pri(es ranging from HO to MOO. aedthat the whole expense of the Inlands did not e sceed $10,000. for whkh it was agreed they shouldpresent a bill of liU.000. one-third of the latter the Middle States love the Union of the States,to London has expressed o wish to give the project a trialkmioamas, A c _ _ _ _ _mer. who is an ex-Mayor of the city, was wounded; There is no other news.scendants of the Norman conquerors rule over by the failure of their hopes, and whenever The Garrisonian platform being taken and the Saxon population, imposing very heavy they next come before the people they will find accepted at the South as the only true black burthens on them and grievous to be borne, but the proud title of "railroad democrat" the veryed to every druggist to the city. Objection be- ing made b y another modern Escuiapius, on the ground that the law was not sufficiently definiteBailroad Company to run cars to the Central Parkj The communication from the Comptroller callingfor additional appropriations was taken u p , andcount of this leaning to abolitionism that the Journal of Commerce now proposes that the con- servative vote of the State shall be cut and carved up between two or more electoral tick-singular brilliancy i s various quarters; terrific tornadoes have swept over the face of the land; thunder storms have been frequent and violeut; a comet is at present visible in California;*we have had an eclipse ol the sun. visible nearly all over thecountry;and. to crown all, thegreat- est meteor that was ever seen has vfclted us. Inshort,wehavethis yearthebesthealth,the finest crops, the heaviest tornadoes and the big- gest meteor ever known.spending a great deal of time in absurd discus- sions. Thus we find the merchants attempting to interfere with the province of the general government, and gravely recommending thetion.SOCC for printing and binding documents and,000 for fire escapes were added to the esti-mate*. A motion to strike out the sum of SlOj.OOu ets, when it should be consolidated upon one.—r.for the Japanese entertainment was lost, and the and that one the candidate who will have the 3hj«-ct was finally laid on the table by s vote of best chance of beating Garrison's candidate,ne to seven. Abraham Lincoln. The Sleeks of the Journal of At s meeting of the Board or Supervisors held Commerce are as well aware of this as any onestructing steam railroads everywhere through- doctors attempt to dictate to the apothecariesout the empire, the system of running hotfse as to their course to reference to a law the Postmaster ia of some importance:—made expressly for the guidance of the PomOFFICII.NHWYOBS,Jul; W,IS* railroads through the streets of the principal The Postmaster General has directed that oo* c<w; t*cities, which has worked so well to this coun- latter. Then the -.^pinions of the charged and prepaid on all tetters coUeetrt tamust> «»'yesterday, a communication was,received from theComptroller asking for an additional appropriationOfW3.630,whichwasreferredtotheCommitteeon Taxes. The County Treasurer s report for the lican party inclining to the Garrisonian weak ending July 19 shows a Balance of 12x2.735.4 large number of bills were then ordered to be platform, but too timid, as Garrison says, paid, a full report of which will be found else- to proclaim themselves in favor of itChamber of Commerce and the Academy ofTheir real position cannot b e concealed b y t three o'clock. sophistical abstractions. They are so far com- 0—Hl oa Finance of the Board of Aj| mitted to radical aati slaverydoctrines—in fact, met yesterday at the City Hall, for the hey have no other party capital—that if theyHow THE LAW IS ADUIMSTERED K CAUEOR- ways his doggedness has at length given wajy, men. If the Chamber of Commerce loses its This change te made under theprovisosof MA.—The manner in which Judge Ttorry has and rails are now being laid to Birkenhead, temper we are not surprised, many of the mem- the law which requires the payment of s csxbeen tried and acquitted in California for kill- upon which city cars are to be run tor the first bers having devoted their entire attention to rier's fee, "not exceeding two cents." 03il! ing Mr. Broderick in a duel is a remarkable time in England, to about a month or six weeks the pursuit of wealth, to the exclusion of the letters collected through the street hue*'. The Board adjourned until Thursday nextof the tWhadattending to acme minor bosinias, theadjourned.la the Supreme Court yestei^f Mdrning Leviand that they to reduce the amount to 190,000.been summoned to give It did not arrive, owingto detention to a boat, or some convenient ex-Association at Oxford, upon toe subject ofstreet railways and his project at Birkenhead,tees have organized their General Committee, [and elected Captain G. W. Smith, the present^«u>itlstifthat-ftheMessrs.Leland.Theplain-.ionteta would receive an important accessiontothecaseofJudtreTerrvia mA^a' c - -_•,Mr. Smith statedcae. ItUsnstained by the tacts to the oaae and the simple logic of common sense.We aate published the „«iu manifesto on one aide, and .'oe Garr'ica jro. mctotniento on the Other. lit o-rtet to show the real state of feeling that exists bc[#Mfi the extremis* c-f both sec- tions. Wo have endeavored also to show that,I V l t a M aarred a notice of motion foraainjnhcHon to restrain the Common Council from payinggayofthebillsfortheJapanesereception,and shouldLincolnbedected,theMorthernnggrea-munity te to favor of duelling, then abolish of horse railways being adopted very generally chairman. This te a good move in the right Post Office, as well as one cent for carryia? »the statute which makes it a penal offence; but in many British cities. Liverpool has reported direction. Captain Smith belongs to the young mail letter from the Post Office to the party ' "Untitled Documentwhile the law te retained on the statate book, favorably of them through her engineer. Seve- and lusty democracy that te to-day master of whom It te addressed. This seems reawosbi"amount to be given to the Common Council. snd are prepared for anything but dintolution.TheChicagoZouavesreturnedtothiscityye»- Allourmaterialinterests,too,areboundupinterday morning from Boston, in the steamer the maintenance of the solidarity of the nation.cipality. W e want a n tofusion o f the nUbasnrConnecticut, of the Norwich and Worcester line, and were received o n their arrival b y the Second company, National Guard, Capt. Alexandera n dWe answer that by saying that he may be beaten by consolidating the conservative band. A s the steamer approached the dock a vote npon Mr. Breckinridge, who repnoents a national salute was fired from two brass field party which has more or less of electoral votesWe rather think it will puzzle evenTHE THREE NEW JERSST STATE CONVENTIONS—THE PROSPECT.—The copious reports whichwe published yesterday of the three political join whom he resigned his commission ia the State Conventions bold ot Trenton the day army, fa the very man to Inspire H. Thecerrapt before will have enabled our readers to form traders and professional politicians that now some opinion touching the chances of carrying got possession of Tammany, and through Tarn New Jersey against "Old A be Lincoln." Our many of almost every branch of the city govern- own opinion te that this thing can, and most pro- ment, cannot stand before a n enthusiastic a n l bably will, be done. The proceedings of the honest filibuster movementBell-Everett Convention show that that partyare ready to co-operate heartily with the de-mocrat in any way best calculated to defeatthe republican ticket.llt'^Z^2Z?~%ZZff. Shater, accompanied by the full National Guard"rwTj^i'r'aja AJtDKjr.pieces on the steamboat dock. The two companies at its back, while the others, except the repub-The corporators named in the bill are twelvjf. six representing the interests of George Law, three representing the modest share o f Thurlopr Weed, and the other three being the compensa-arssswar-JAsssuea m wo«-performers, by giving a specimen of their metal. snd were warmly applauded. They returned t o town last night, reaching this city at eleven o'clock. To-day the Zouaves depart for Philadel- phia.well. If not we have before us the picture of their plans arranged for this object But sud- a once glorious Union, of "States dissevered, dis- denly the Senate slipped away from under theirThe only existing cause for a doubt as to theresult of the campaign to the State is thestand-off. no compromise position of theDouglas faction. They have refused the over-tures from the Breckinridge Convention, andhave set upon independent out and out Doug-las electoral ticket They have followed uptiiis movement with the appointment of the Doug-lasState Committee, aadhavedeclaredbyresolution that they can "form no alliances withany sectional faction like the Lincoln party,""nor with the Southern sectional faction, headed consequence te that o u r streets a r e throngs! by Mr. Breckinridge, which declares theright?ofmen, and which avows its purpose to be to pre- Is literally flooded with sunburnt gentlemenrALLAGKV THXATRR, Broadwaj.-Doimr U l 8<w-4- B i r - i t - l i S T1 BARKWSAMRRICA*MTTSWCW,Esf^SLT^?-!^cordant belligerent of a land rent with civil eude, or drenched, it may be, in fraternal blood." Who will not work to avert such a meeting yesterday Aaa Mills patrolman. No terrible denouement? The way Is simple, andfeet, and passed, without a moment's warning, the monstrous Law Gridiron, which covered at one fell swoop every street of any traffic to tiletcity,This forced the original lobby of the cityporaryto yesterday evening n o t less than 175,000 pes- ple had visited her since her arrival, and doriag the two days yet to elapse before she leaves, there will probably b e thirty or forty thousand more rambling over her decks. Ont of the twenty thousand visiters yesterday, aad Ins seventeen thousand the day before, upwards of three-fourthswere strangers,whocametothe city b y excursion steamboats a n d excursion trains, and every possible conveyance. Tatcolumn. Of the stock on aaad, the propwtions of cottons»ATIO*AI. awcntr SAUXJN, Haass- IBSS**--- above the grades of good middlings were light. Hour addresses presented to him at St. Johns, U re- being in terror lest Law should steal the Assem-T h eOOene of considerable excitement for some days, ifrconsequence of an attempt OQthe part of certainparties to demolish a liberty pole erected by theblack republicans, from which floats s flag bearingmarket was tolerably active. Pork wma ewier, with salesNcetra.sengers to neighboring towna for arms and ammunition. They also notified Governor Letcher of the state of affairs, and he assured them that they should be pro- tected. T h e Governor ordered General Hattonin ship's bags at lod., 10^d. a 10>^d., and flour at 2s. 6d.To London, the ship Esmeralda was taken up to loadwith wheat at 101., in bags; forflour,83. was asked. Tochange, as\ sovereigns have done in Eng- land. anpT paid the penalty; but aBarbour, a lady of Virginia, who contemplatesemancipating her slaves, which could hardly failto reawaken the indignation of his political cry of disunion commenced at the South, andFor Mr. Buchanan. For Col. Fremont For Mr. Fillmore.46,943 23,338 04,116'<opponents.The California pony express h a s rscommenc coln is the only real national, Union organi-operations, after a suspension of several weeks, zation. To show how absurd is this doctrine, canted by the hostilities of the Indians on tl we give this morning a speech by the notori- Plains. The express which left San Franciscothe Uth instant reached St. Louis yesterday. The ous abolition leader, William Lloyd Garrison, M m is four days later, and a summary of it may delivered at a meeting held at Framingham, l>« found under the appropriate head. The Sonoru Massachusetts, on the 4th of this month, and sailed from Kan Francisco for Panama on the Uth participated in by the Hon. Henry Wilson, a iafunt, with 229 passengers and $!)83,000 in treS- republican Senator of the United States. Mr. ai*-e for New York. N o mails were taken by thje Garrison does not hesitate to awow that dis- BOr.om, but letters and newspapers were des- union has been his lifelong platform. For patched by express. Quite aiiumber of vessels thirty years the cry of his faction has been were loading with produce at San Francisco forforeign ports. The Vistula had cleared for New "No union with slaveholders; down withYork with a cargo of wheat, pork, hams, hides, this alaveholding government L e t this Ac. \alnedat$100,000. 'covenant with death a n d agreement withfour or five thousand of the American party of crats of this city. It will be found, we think. 1856 are now ready to co-operate with thein effect, keep quiet until we get into power, and then we can bully the South with impunity. So Garrison, to keep well with the very black republicans, abuses Lincoln and affects to be opposed to him. A ll this is done to spur up the purely political republicans to Garri-tribute this startling programme o f a revolo- I tionary abolition conspiracy to Texas to i panic brought about by more natural c&uaei than the overt acts of a general combination of vagabond abolitionistskind emanatingfromthe samesource, andwe Thematterofthesaleofpoisonsbelongsstrictly neous fires. Should it so turn out, theoe*fhe Board of Aldermen met yesterday. Amonthe petitions presented was one from members othe New York Local Preaching Association, aakia son's immediate and unconditional abolitionpermission to expound the Gospel in the open air,, platform. It is a curious fact, also, that the markable, and is something to feet grate- and also to erect a tent in Jackson square, wherein!the conservatives to every district unite enhonest men, willing to pledge their entire influ-ence, if elected, to the repeal of those fraudu-lent grants, and all other frauds of the sameIt te possible, however , that another gan* ofJournalofCommerce,whichwasestablishedbyto tiold religious exercises. A long and animated) Arthur Tappan at about the time when the never before so good all over the continent; discussion ensued on the presentstiou of this peti- and in connection with these circumstancestion, s report of which is given in another column,, anti-slavery agitation commenced. Is also doingdoubt greatly if the waning power of Thurlow can suffice to prevent the republican district organizations from adopting similar platforms and nominating men pledged to the same course in this respect, though differing on other points. This is the programme for the year, and on i\ a better class of men can be sent to Albany thhn have been in the habit of going there for many years.to the College ot Pharmacy—an institution as shall soon have a n e w excitement thrown iat* useful and quiet as the Academy of Medicine is this Presidential canvass, which will makf t noisy and ineffective. The Academy of Medi- the hottest and the most terrible to the histarj cine, to some respects, resembles the Chamber of the country. But. perhaps, to the eri*mf of Commerce. Both are old fogy institutions; political excitements cf the day may be charfsi both have a much larger idea of their import- as much of this Texas conspiracy as to sj? ancethananyoneelse,andbotharefondof othercause.LincnitiV work in an indirect manner. The it is a curious tact that we never before tee on Streets. The Finance Committee reported! Jo>'i-»«" if Commerce, although it has turned had presented to us so many atmospheric phe- la favor of an issue of $3,000,000 of floating debJ many color* and assumed many shades, is still nomena as this year.. The air seems heavily fund stock, snd the report was accepted. A r**»J true to it- •'<• a! instincts. The little nigger charged with electricity; the northern lignrn lotionwasadopteddirectingtheNinth\venue hasoev«vnutoutfromthatfence.Itisonac-havebeenfrequentlyilluminatingtheskieswithand finally the paper was referred to the Commit-else: but their game is to help Lincoln by scat- tering the conservative vote.try, has people.never beenJohn Bull is proverbially attached !toOntheotherhand wehavetherepub-that in all probability, upon the t « t ex ercise of that power, the SoukOwould eecede from the Union. Now we know that the con- servative, order and peace loving citteens ofThe only question is, bow can Lincoln be defeated:perseverance too u r city p**.subsequently embarked on board the steamerTaminend, specially chartered for the occasion.and proceeded to West Point, where they visitedthe Military Academy, and subsequently gave e x -hibition drills on the lawn in front of Cozsens' Ho-tel, to the presence of the Hon. Jefferson Davis,Governor Banks, of Massachnsetts. and ColonelHardee, the military instructor at West Point.The Second company, National Gnard, followed the against Lincoln. If this is done all may yet be the cold; and they had, as they thought, allThe Police Commissioners appointed at their%other business of importance transpired.The sates of cotton yesterday embraced about 1.500 bales,closingonthebasisofquotation*giventnanotherwe charge all good men to walk thereto.can, have none whatever.Every true lover of his country, every profes-sional man, merchant, banker or mechanic, whohas anything at stake in the republic, should for-tion paid by the black republicans for the votes of democratic Assemblymen and Senators frojpnget bis personal preferences, for whomsoever—Douglas, Bell or Houston—they may be. and this city. It had been the original programmeTHE GREAT EASTERN AND H E R VISITERS.- The Groat Eastern will start on her trial trip u Cape May on Monday, aad the crowd of vfetsn teIncreasing every dayasthetimeforhertewgive his vote and influence where it will tell of the city railroad men to keep Mr. Law out toT0E SPEECH OKTHEPRINCEOEWAUSS.—The speech of the Prince of Wales, in reply to thejust such Believingwas agam heavy and lower, closing at a further decline, markable for two things which it would be well bly from them, as an Irishman steals pigs, andespecially for oonuoM sad medium grades of State aad speakers in general were more careful to keep as he had already stolen the Senate, they sub- Western, while the nigfaer qualities were irregular.Southernflourwassomecheaperfarcommonandmedium in mind—oneis brevity, and theotker good mittedwithwhatever grace couldbeassumed,FALAC- OARDRH, fourteen!* -Voetx ASSI*- sms-c«_ OOSKBBV. ___-^___C A KTRRBURY 1'OSCRRt SALOON, MaSB Broadway. Ba*„. DtMM, KnuNm, *c=:• •w ffltk, KrtoVsvjr, Jmly OT,1M«.expect a gdod speech here from his Royal High-The town of Occaquan, Virginia, =has beenHie ofnewmessat$1930a$1926,andofnewprimeat$112... nets,andifhethinksEngland"agreatandfree now is,in illegal operation. Weed andthewith people, the hotels, boarding houses, sat property superior to any personal rights of free even private dwellings, are full, and Broadwaygrades, while choice family qualities were about the sense. It is short and to the point, and his allu-and the Live Oak interest' was recognized assame. The sales were fair. Wheat was again lower, but sion to freedom and patriotism augurs well for being entitled to one-half of all the new roadsactiveattheconcession,withthechiefdemandforex-hisfuturereign.Fromthisspecimenwemaypassed,togetherwithaconfirmationofthecipitate upon us all the evils of disunion unless a Southern faction Ls permitted to rule the whole Union."It is thus very evident that the battle of the confidential managers of the cause of Mr. Douglasfresh from their farms andvillage l a w offices, a n d with ladies whose cheeks are radiant with the mingled tints of tte rose and the sunbeam.port. Corn was without change of moment, while theNinth Avenue Railroad—then already, as it Sugars continued in good demaa 1. Grocery goods were country," what will he think and say of this democratic corporators held the House, whilesiatameJ, while refining grades were about oue eighth whea he sees it! If loyalty to a sovoreign be .tat lower. The sales embraced about 1,500 nogsUead3 "patriotism," what ia loyalty to a republic, in and 800 boxes, at prices given in another column. Coffee which perfect equality is the basis of the laws,Live Oak George showed bimselfv in possessionof arguments available with the Senate. compromise w a s therefore the best thing could b e done, though Law had the best o f the bargain.For,inadditiontoonefullhalfofall the city railroads, he was given the Ninth Avje- nue. pure and simple. " to his own cheek," and pitting his large capital against the small capi- tal o f his fellow corporators i n the other roads, it will go hard with him if he cannot force them to sell out their stock to him on his own terms, either by indefinitely postponing the actual commencement o f work under t h e various charters, or by placing the expenses at so high a figure that they cannot pay their shares.Not only a r e t h e hotels reaping a golden har- H not against Lincoln, but against the Breckin- vest from this incursion of oonnhry folks, but thethe namea of the republican Presidential nominees. was Arm, while sales were light. A cargo of Rio, which and no privileged classes or castes exist? TheThe republicans of Occaquan determined to pr«- arrived in Philadelphia yesterday by the Leighton, waswentthethreateneddemolitionoftheirflagstaffor soldat16*fc,exship.Freightshadanotherdecidedad- differencebetweenloyaltytoamanorwoman, dfe in the effort, and accordingly despatched mes- vanceyesterday,especiallyforLiverpool,forwhichsome as in England, and to a principle, as inthe whip hand over the Southern democracy to 1864,attheexpenseofapresentgeneraldemo- cratic defeat. But the question arises, will the masses of the Douglas democracy consent to play this suicidal game of a few desperate dis- appointed politicians, when a great a n d deci- sive victory may be at once achieved over thisNorthern sectional republican party?We have shown how Pennsylvania may be carried by a very handsome majority against Lincoln; but now New Jersey can hardly be turned over to Lincoln, even by the democratic assistance promised b y this Trenton Douglas Convention. In 1856 the Presidential vote of New Jersey was—When t h e monster ship returns from her summertriptooneOfourfashionablewa- tering places, which will be in a few days,we may expect to see the interest to herre- newed, a n d t h e excursionists pouring into the city again. In all probability not less than • quarter o f a million o f people will have been on board of her before she takes her final de • parture from our waters, and thedirectors will have taken in the respectable sum of one hun- dred and fifty thousand dollars.40,000 bushels wheat were engaged in bulk at 9^-1., and this country, is this: that the person m ay(ilasgow, 6,000 bushels wheat were engaged, ia ship's principle* never changes, and loyalty tobags, at 10d., ami 2.000 barrels flour at 2a. $1. that is always patriotism, whereas resistance to te call out his command, but it is said the Gene,r*l The Impending Crisis—The Disunion kings is sometimes the highest duty of a pa-resigned rather than obey the order. A t last a c - coantt the military of Alexandria were expecting to be calledont to preserve the peace. Occaquan.the scene of the disturbance, contains some three handred republicans. It was the residence of Underwood, who was ostracised by his fellowParty at the North.We have already taken occasion to direct theattention of the conservative voters of the Middle States and elsewhere to the vigorous way in which the extreme Southern party is preparing for the dissolution of the Union in theeventoftheelectionofMr.Lincoln.Wetriot Patriotism, therefore, and loyalty to a sovereign are two distinct things.cttzeos some years ago because of his fanaticism.UnderwoodwasadelegatetotheChicagoConven-tion, and has recently written a letter to Miss perceive now that the black republican pressBut all such speculations are probably pre- mature and useless, as this litigation must last ed by Parliaments, administrations and mo- until the next session of the Legislature, when strongeffortswillbemadetorepealalltheIn- famous and corrupt schemes which were passed last winter by the unholy combination between the black republicans and the railroad demo-THE REPORTED ABOLITION CONSKRACT U TEXAS.—The telegraphic reports which we pub- lished yesterday of the discovery of an exten- sive abolition conspiracy to Northern Texas are of a very startling character, and if they have any substantial foundation to fact we shaU | soon have a Southern sensation on the slavery j question fearful to contemplate.generally, in commenting upon the Keitt and Yancey manifestoes, take the ground that theFrom these figures it will be seen that if onlythat as the Senate a n d Assembly last fall wereclaim that t h e parly which supports Mr. Lin-The statement o f this alleged conspiracy is to the effect that " white men. friends of the aboli- tion preachers, Blunt a n d McKtoney, expellee \ from Texas last year, are instigators of the plot that the plan was to lay the whole countrj , waste b y fire, destroying all the arms aad amIn the present temper, however, of the British nation, and in the practical exposition of their unwritten constitution, which is adopt-and if the House of Commons were elected byrailroad democracy, headed by "that oily Se- LAW.—Among the acts passed by the last Le- pears that" several white men and negroes cos nator." were always the most reliable forces gislature there was one prohibiting the sale, cerned to t h e plot had been arrested." NUIB* under Thurlow s command for any republican by druggists, of poisons, unless prescribed by a rous destructive fires occurring simultaneously'universal suffrage and vote by ballot, instead ofBy the bark Pyrmont, arrived at Baltimore, we hell' be annulled. Let there be a free, in- its members being for the most part the nomi- emergency—their allegiance being secured to physician. The law, like many others which in different parts of Northern Texas are charge4halve received files of papers from Montevideo to dependent Northern republic, and the speedy nees of the nobility of the upper house, and him by his power to insert the names of their have been enacted by our sapient legislators, as the work of these confederate incendiaries.June 9. Dr. Velex, the Buenos Ayrean Commission abolition of slavery will inevitably follow." often younger sons of the Peers, the people next friends to city railroad charters, and so is so vague in its provisions and so loose in its This te the story. W e cannot believe it to te .ortothePresidentoftheArgentineConfederation SoMr.Garrisonandhisrepublicanfriendsare wouldreallybetherulers. forth. arrangement ofdetals,thatithasalready whollytrue. Itmaybefounded uponfactaBsjd arrived at Rosario. Gen. Lopes, ex-Governof "working to dissolve this blood-stained Union Practically, England is not a monarchy,for Both Weed and Law. therefore, may be reck- given rise to a serious difference of opinion aa An abolition incendiary or two, or some horw of Santa F e, was in prison at Rosario for an at| as a matter of paramount importance." "Para-temptedrevolution.Hisnephewandafewper- mount"istheword."Paramount"—thatis,themonarchisamerecypher,whichonlygivesonedsafe,nomatterwhathappens;butthetoitspropermeaning.AtarecentmeetingofthievesormaraudingIndians,mayberespoe- gonal friends attempted a rescue, but failed, and the thing te be considered over and above all value to other figures when placed before democratic Senators and Assemblymen, we the Academy of Medicine, a member made a eible for some of these late fires; but if we area ere themselves locked np. In the melee, the for- other things. them; but it is an oligarchy, in which the de- fear, will be reduced to great pecuniary straits motion that copies of the law should be furnish-not mistaken, the ruinous drought, from which Texas has been"suffering for weeks aad months past, will account for many o f said disasters At all events, it is to be hoped that such wiii prove to be the case. With the outbreak of the John Brown foray at Harper's Ferry, it wai supposed that he had a body of five hundred followers at his back: £o. to this instance, the facts are doubtless exaggerated, even if it t should turn out that aiL abolition conspiracy < has been at work. While* awaiting further iaAdditional files of Vera Cruz papers to the 11thInst, have come to hand. Miramon had succeeded republican declaration of principles, the owners in other respects giving them an amount of per- reverse of a recommendation. One of the to be effective, the mover of the original propo-in getting back to Guadalajara, where he was at of slave property are forced into an antago- sonal liberty which is not to be met with else- honorable, Assemblymen, we see, has been latest dates, with a little over four thousand men] nistic position in self-defence, and thus the ex- where in Europe. Hence revolutions in Eng-' already so reduced that he is said to have com-sition assailed the objector to true Congres- sional style, giving him the lie direct. Finally, after "an evening spent to useless discussion" and the interchange of many discourteous re- marks between members, the Academy adopted a resolution requesting the College of Pharma-with whom he was keeping at bay at least three tremists on either side of Mason's and Dixon's tubes that number. under Ogazon and others. line lie upon their arms, awaiting the signal forThe Prince of Wales embarked on board the: battle.Bteamer Hero, at St. Johns, yesterday forenoon, It is quite true that the spoils-seeking section a a | a t eleven o'clock sailed for Halifax. We Rive of the abolition party repudiate, b y word o fanaccountofthePrince'smovementsinanother mouth,theGarrisoniandoctrines. Theysay,mitted a forgery on one of the corporatorswhose name he had procured to be inserted to RICPHENOMENA.—During no summer, probably, the Broadway Parallel. Should this cause evercolumn.the steamer New York, with the United Statesastronomical party sent to Labrador to observe the re.'ent eclipse of the sun. arrived at St. Johns, N , F.j yesterday.The Presidential fight being regarded as a ry to the city a copy of the act referred to. foregone conclusion, it will be hard to get putthe full conservative vote of the State, except on some such live local issue as the repeal j ofland are few and far between.PUBLIC HEALTH, TUB CROPS AND ATMOSPHE-within the memory of the living generation has thiscountryenjoyedmoreuninterruptedgood health than the present In the metropolis the mortality returns show a most gratifying dimi- nution of deaths each week from the returns of last year and the previous years; while through- out the entire country, from North to South, not a single case o f epidemic disease o f any kind has occurred. This is certainly very re-come to trial—which it will not—the disclosures wouldbedisastrous.cytocausetobeforwardedtoeveryapotheca- formationonthesubject,wearedisposedtoatjful for. In like manner the crops weretransactionofbusiness.Mr.Williams,Treasurershouldobtainpowertheywouldbeobligedto llustrationofthelawinthatState.Inthefirstfromthistime. cultivationoftheproprieties;butthedoctorsorotherwise.Iflettersaredepositeda',t!*Of the Chfldrea s Aid Society, appeared on behalf continue the agitation, which would then go on Instance the venue was changed to anotherOur English friends are indebted for the in- have no such excuse. They will do well to Post Office the one cent stamp is not nec?-*aj"7Of that asmelation, in relation to aa appropriation Of I3J00 which,was passed upon by the Board «f Councflmea. The committee promised to reportuntil the South would b e compelled to with- draw from associations which could no longer bamaintainedwithhonor. Theelectionofcounty, on the ground that no man who reads a newspaper account of any public occurrence and hassufficientintellecttoformanopinionthere-troduction o f thte great auxiliary t o ease a i d comfort to the perseverance and energy of an American,Mr.Geo.F.Train,o£Boston,whohold their sessions to private hereafter, and thus preserve whatever reputation for dignity andself-respecttheprofessionmayhavewithnor are letters intended for city delivery affe: ted by the new arrangement; for these only a single onecentstamp,asbefore,terequired.Theretser. Of the change which the Postmaster General using the discretion vested in him by h * now makes, is that since the fee for the delirery of mail letters has been reduced from two cent* to one the carrier system cannot sustain itself and It te found necessary therefore to chargr one cent for the carriage of a mail letter to thethepetitieaatthenextmeeting.Mr.the Street Co—tsmmwr, appeared in r*> Lincoln would be the first step—and It is the on te capable of sitting on a jury. And now> succeeded ia getting the sanctiofi of the autho- the people generally.to a eoasstasicatioa of the Comptroller, adt first step that costs-towards the dissolutionof at S60.0O) for the the Uokm. The f reposition is a aerfectlv plainrities of Birkenhead for his enterprise. We from all the witnesses, the case is sent to the perceive by the English papers that Mi. Trainpermanenta Philadelphia lawyer to advance any argu- ments that will avail to behalf of this great scheme of public robbery.; railroads t o come t o terms, and t o termsasOldLawsawfittooffer.that half a loaf is better than no bread, andI•NKW T08K mWJ>, FBIDAY, JULY 27, *W.The Clt> RsUroaS CtrmnU to Birmingham and Dublin for peran.woo to praise of every npSWOt — la this cwy; sntg Judge Ingraham having granted an injunc- lay down rails In those cities, aad a company hewiUmatontepartyovganizatiooasthorov||tion restraining the corporatoif of the SeventhAvenue, or Broadway Parallel Railroad, frontdoing anything under the charter which wasprocured by them from our State Legislature American city railroads in full operation other step towards obtaining a good gov*, atitslastsession,thesaidcorporatorsarenow throughtheleadingcitiesofGreatBritain,un- mentforthisplundered andprostitutedan*. required to appear by their counsel and show der the guiding hand of on enterprising Van-cause why such injunction should not be madeT h e thatridge wing of the democratic camp; not for avictory over the republicans to 1860. but for tutions a r e gathering to a rich crop of cash. \narch?,thereislittleroomleftforpraiseorblame to the sovereign. The theory that "theRing or Queen can do no wrong" ia a happyinvention for maintaining the duration of dy-nasties; but on the other hand it takes awayall merit, as it does all responsibility, fromthe monarch. I n o u r government t h e chiefmagistrate is held responsible for all his officialacts, and his ministers are not removable by avote of Congress, but his party suffers in theeyes of the country from any errors of whichhe may be guilty. In modern times in Englandit is the administration, and not the sovereign,that rules. T h e sovereign merely signs docu-ments as he or she is advised, and the ministersalone are held to be responsible to the country.If they commit an error they are driven out Board of Ten Governors; and, in fact, the city THE ACADEMV OK MEDICINE ON THE POIMON friendly to the cause to Texas." It further ap of office by a vote of the House of Commons;the Assembly of next winter will be chosen by party bring up to the rescue a force of twenty thousand men, as they probably will New Jer- all political parties on specific pledges,to vote sey will be against Lincoln, even if twentycity government his election as chairman of a* thus, before long, we n»y expect to see the Breckinridge General Committee will t o * ,for the repeal of all the obnoxious acts thousand democratic votes should be thrownplaced on the statute books of our State byjits away upon Mr. Douglas. We are thus of the munition that the conspirators could lay theirpredecessor. As to Thurlow Weed, even tfien opinion that New Jersey may be set down as hands on, so as to get the country into a statehe will have no reason to complain, for he re-ceived democratic aid to confirm Governor Mor- one of the Northern States whose electoral vote gan's Harbormasters; the same to abolish the will not be given to Lincoln.of helplessness, a n d then, o n election day is August to make a general insurrection, aides by emissaries from the North and partieitheoutrageouslegislationo flast winter.i U tThis is the first time that the doctors in con-gress assembled have taken hold of any matterof direct public interest since the famous pro-bang controversy, when the Academy stultifieditself in the most remarkable way. In thepresent instance, it seems to us that they have John Brown abolition martyrs may have bees given another instance of colossal stupidity. at the bottom of these mysterious and simulta-AMERICAN- SOE;:, RAII.WAVS IS E\iai.AVD.—Although Knglanvl has been very active in con- abolition of the privateer system; while thestreet bows and otherwise, aad taken to the Port ow* «• be transmitted in the mailcountry we leave to the learned pundits to dis- the ungentlemanly spirit which characterizes transmission ot sach letters, affix to each a hue «i» or inconvenient they may be. and is very much cent! stamp, ia addition to the stamp reared to ?»» w*cover, and it is a very interesting subject for averse to innovations, particularly those jof the doctors' disputes, we have a right to expect mail postageadoptedb yt h eEagliphAUsieraoM depositing letters fo- the mails ia ts* laaw post boxes or other boxes p>-ovid«l by the Co-.tedSUK*. eiMedicine have precisely the same weight with themayhavewiththehealthandthecropsofthe hisowncustomsandnotions,howeverclumsy generalpublic—thatte.nonewhatever. Asto ceptthost-attu»PostoSee,saojld,inord-rU>iss&reu?What connection these natural phenomenainvestigation. foreign origin. But to respect to street rail- better manners from educated and cultivatedThe order of the Postmaste" General will take effect as the 1st or Aufust prox JOHN' A !>IX, Postmanwhen the venue is changed to a place distantjury without any testimony,us those who had delivered a lecture recently before the British delegates from the Breckinridge ward commitcuse of that kind. If the feeling of the com- from which it appears that there is a prospect upright and efficient Street Commissioner, astoevadeIttothewaytowhichithasbeen ralmembersoftheCorporationsofManchester thesituation,andtenotaffiliatedwiththecor- enough Butitisnotsimpleenough,ho*Thomas M. Tryniski13069 and Glasgow have examined Mr. Train;*, ruptions of Tammany, nor the bickerings oi ever. It would be b?tter to have a vaUormouth Fulton New York309 S4th Streetwww.fultonhistory.comTHE BRECKtNKiDGgGxNEBAi. COMMITTEE.—t-Tbeand as effective as he has hi* departmeat is ft*enthusiasmties, and Captain Smith, a s o n e o f t h e recot- nized leaders o f the o l d Quitman filibusters, aabsencefrom t h e cityapproaches, fjpBroadway stores, and all the sight-seeing insti-country stores, a a iWewaitforfurtherinfonwPOST OFFICEPIBUC—To those whe are in the habit of •> positing letters for the mail In the lampp* boxes, or other boxes, the subjoined order a'ORDER—IMPORTANT TO TO  