 rbyGodhimself,andthatChristdeclaredittobenoanto hold slas- s.Mr.Pom*,(rep)ofN.V.,causedtobereadapara- graph showing ibs.',there was a convention of GarrisonMr.COLFAXthanked Mr.K.\:i fortheolmswntotheOki Man Eloq'itnt. Mr. Aaams wa* maintaining tha const:tu- tiwalrigbiKofbadistri-ttoberepresentedMr. Ktrrr—And so are w« maintatainf Our constitution-WHOLI NO. 8636. MORNING EDITION-FRIDAY, JAEVA&Y 20, 1880. —rs-^z_PRICE TWO 0KNTS.IMPORTANT FROMEUROPE.Tfce News by the Anglo-Saxon at Portland.THE POPE 1M> THE PlMPULEr.Another laUrtsiiaglew faar's SjMech fruB NapolfOB.rp-x uit tariff queatkn the democracy, with toe broaab- and also whether any Cabinet officer or sasaaBer of the aTBWSPROMWASHWOTOH. »grfthatsohject,ntnet bepreparedto saafei*>8*econ- governsaentwasprivytothearrangement,aad whatreRtoMu*, (desa ) ef lane, a**w*i s >,which#**refused,08againstUl.Aconversationesijaaabetween Messrs Curtis, Itearao and Btaneh an the peart of order, respecting the ptora>ty resolution, the tw* Bat *rgulng that it was net befer* th»ur. LUKX, (dem.) ef V s , canned an article to he readthe rerpoDsibihty of my own »ca, and a d ontheetheratdnIunderstood youtosaythatth* oily question in order a the etectioa ef Speaker. Jask ranwhether, to the cetnmeneeinent of the thirty-fourth >>n grrxs, you did sot rote for resolutrotus having direc r .•:•-• recce to the quaM3cauo»s for Speaker?Vmw Spec**!TENumat mmtax wai—j.m* fact was *iicttkd it-day from Messrs. Bareett, of Mc^jueoa,of8.C,LamarantBarfcsdaJe,ofMm, . of Mo aad other*, that an agreement ha1 beeniVEMPIRE CTE8T MS takestoshowfromtheBiblethat slavery wasinstituted lay:tonthetable. ' The Pope'i NMrw's Oufntitatrfct U tireBase, of Arkansas Receiver of Land •ffloe at Clarke vtUe, ark.; H. A. Sstasr, Register at Cambridge, Mian.; J. R Culver, Register a t Portiaud, Minn., J . J . Clark, •SceiveratFortScott,Kansas H.M.Magill,SecretorySeveral bills aad memorials of no general Interest were presented.in the front 'rank of republican ultraism. From the records it wUl be seen that he is oppose 1 to the extension of slavery into the Territories of the country, or the pro tectionotslavepropertyiutieTerritoriesbyCongrcsbeen accused for six or seven weeks past of having en dorsed a book counselling servile and Civil war; yet demo- crats have themselves embodied extracts from it in their speeches and sent them broadcast throughout the South toeverytownandplantation,thussowingtheseeds,ifthan in any other part of the building; when we set the fly frames a lot of cards were removed; should think the iiyframesmadeamuchgreaterweighttoibtfSquarefoot than the cards; made a remark at the dinner table that day that I didn't see what held the mill up; nothing bat the great weight caused me to say so; have alwaysnoticed that the shafting ran particularly true; should have been called upon to level up tbe ma- chinery; never was called to do so, except on one«bich has been formed out of the Jtomagna and tho Imchies, either as an independent kingdom or as part ef tbe Sardinian monarchy; to take our stand on accom- plished facts, and leave the Pope and h a supporters to their remedy.The London AVu r-marks that the projected Congress is indefinitely postponed, and that no friend of the cause of freedom in Italy need regret the temporary difficulty in which diplomacy Unas itself, a* every month gamed con-f i l j w w i i , Jan. 19,1800.this morBTng, by sir Brown, of Ntsaisaiton*, oeelanng <AOrightofthe peopleofthe South totheprotectionof:H*.TBlavepropertyIntheTerritories,anduuitruct'ngtheOammmee on Terrttones in the organization of any new Terr'-torsig«verBBaenttoinsert*provisionrequir.ogtheT>•rntonal l#gisiatir« to provide for the security oi slave pro-proceeded to show, by recent occurrences, the degree ofblindnessandraaatictamwhichmoveNorthernmentotookabroad n quest of imaginary evils, while terrible wrongslieattheir owndoors,andreferredtotheproceeding* of the spinners of the Pemberton mills, in which theycaused to be read a tousr from a constituent, who under- token on the resrtmiaa, bat would yield for a motion to•aaanl ajhtboa* gentlemen, aada>m* thirty or fortyMi i, oaastHntiag MM fifth of the members of the •Wan that they would provost a voto being taken on theffcwahty rtie for aa •action of a Spoas tr.: Ykmaestthoprogrammeoftaeconservativenationalcran, as * i a* known la a day or w o , when Mr. ,ofMaaouri,wlUoffer a resolution UtfavorofBrainymis.Teathrjaand Mr.Woodson*,bow t,cannotprocuretheadoption otthepluralityrole forty odd members are determined to retnt, an toallowavoteupoait. Thestatementmadeperty ; sad in detach of any such local legislation, de-claringitthedutyofCongressto aflord such protection, compiajaoftyrannyandslaveryworsethan that ofthe ahoiitlouatarecentlyatUUea,atwhicbtherewasamide- al rjb'tWithdrawal of Walewski from Oa French llini*try.watBuietoiiAJJDnt TOBX. hareportedthatmePostmasterGeneralwUlduooo-sw)onareresponsibleforthenon-organizationofthisHouse, and all it consequence*. It a not John Sherman or John Anyboflyelseweareafter. IttetheSpeakership thecountrywants filled. Youhave stood byMr.Sher- man because be endorsed the Helper book. You signeditthey will probably try n resolution, a* an offset against peaceable citizens. The republican member* may now agreement among gentlemen on the other slue that they ber* You and your co-signer* are in the earn* categorythegreat mail hetwecn this cityaadNewTortMr.Hormaxhopedthegentlemanwould occupyno moreofhistime. Isaythattherepublicanparty,inmy estimation,will,bythvlrpractices,leadtocivilwar,blood-andwouldoppose*voteonitifnoresolution*wereoa theClerk'*table. Bebelievedbeexpressedthesenti- menttofhasidewhanhesaidtheywouldcontinuetore-tjnasd by the Poet Offlce Department, in about three thou-•Xm*pwces. Iheamoootdoe to mailcontractorsoatho sidententertamingpoliticalsentiments opposedtothe exto tho lar.t intended to awist the adoption of the pluralitylet of January, 1*00, we* mine aad a half million dollari,tensionofslavery.Sherman.Mr. CotFAX—Yon have a right to resist it by paria-he ia willing to rote forMr. Cox—I vote for none of yon.Mr.COLFAX—Ifbeanotwillingtovateforanyrepub- The ship Britannia, o f Bath, H e . , from Savannah forme Postmaster General has been naable to oae even too before the people or in the House as a balance of power.questions fairly. Do** be refuse to answer my question? Mr.BARKSDALE—1haverepeatedthreetimesthatIhaveearamgsofhi*departmenttomeetitsliabilities,an1the And thelate BaiBePeyton PhiladelphiaUnionMeeting, tmbe&ay a l l continue until Congress organizes a a d o h aad t h e fratsrnoatino there o f republicans and Ameri-no authority to speak for any other gentleman, but I b eeeekiobssoieanayivaaia,orto scando*the.S•*..eu the iacttea canbemadeinthepriceofthepublicprinting.the deacecracy, toe Uuer may be combined n u a ooaaog*ne<ja aal irr'.sjl.sie President;»i orrui!x*!iou. ToA* was ready Bw the trial. The democratic party had Mr. Shotma* wa»s part rsa*a for the dissolution of the atnumrBte. H will net he en osaapQJsioa orakaneiid, while H appears, from a careful iaqUnion, but be did think that the election of Mr Sherman, oemaad, hut because a a tee fit te do so nothingtedread. Therepublicans wereresponsiblefor iathepiesentstate*f publicfeeing, wouldbethe lnitit The p*wple WJ! see that gentlemen here arethia state of things. If they bad put In nomination one u>ry stop; aad if it were followed bf the etoorjM of Mr set willing to conrJne themselves to legitimate ateane,Southern men, that there ta hardly a ctequiry armcguftir.ixjt.gi*»,there ata*>iaero«ndatposimeex- anv-nt his deanocratiC opBanento, rivala andeae- intheSoothtomakeaotonlyatreatyof peasewith b u n , b u t * o e h a t r e a t y a s w i l l a w i r e t h e a c t i v e <a» o p » r » -t irb oi bimoatf anJ nw pa/uaans m support of the Char fcs- touticketandniatfoirm.who had net recommended the circulation of * booh ooun telling rapine, insurrection and bloodshed, there wonkl havebeennoprolonged opposition to hiselection. The r e p u b l i c a n s w e r e n s e c t i o n a l p a r t y , w h i c h h a d i t * s u p p o r t ealyiatb<jNorthernState*,sadsprangouteffesteringSeward to 'he Presidency, it would be a catm btlli. H e wasaUnkmmanuaoeraproperconstitutionals*iwe,and jet be was here te shout ao nusansah* to the Union. He would make anypereoual aacrifiee to preserveit,to* w o u l d n o t f o r i b t o p u r p o s e s a c r i f i c e t h e r i g h t * o the people of Vtrgtola and the South. Ho denied alsothetruth01theCharter'sassertionthattheywanttobut m trair ex-reawty have thought it necessary to have awrittenagreement,withname*ofmembersanuhedto it, to order to prevent the Qajorrty of this House front expressisgtowsentiment*onamatter ofma!concernaad bring the previous question to bear against all ob- on other basesall ttte circumstances he wa* opposed to the plurality rule, tha, yey confess you are ia a minority. If you can, thenstructionstotheadmissionofKansas,andtheywillpushthat bill forward a* soou as possible. They will makeshortworkofallcoutcstetelections,inhavingthosecasesexammedwithoutdelay. TheywillpasstheHome.sicad bill, as a great Western electioneering measure shed, murder and rapine. This a shown by the John sist itorder for Monday,a t half-peat one o'clockP .M.Edward P. Whitney, who was employed in the fourth story,movingtheflyframesatthetimethebuilding fell testified that the accident happened within five minutes aftertheyceasedmovingtheframes. Witnesswasabout seventy feet from the south end of the building; he heard no crack at all; should think it was not more than three seconds from the time h e noticed the settling before ailTSSBomsisaomix.Mr. Tax Erca, (rep ) of N. J ., presented the petition efpearances indicate that t h e contempbtted European Con gress will not take plase, and argue* that tbe position of England in such a case will be so much better. It say* that in the event of no Congress being held all that willCharles 8.Olden,GovernorofNewJersey,andonehun dred and nineteen others, to favor of the passage of theMr. MASON•S OM.NKSBORUaMZKD'Jem ) of Va., called attention to the factthatonpreviousoccasions,whentheorganizationofthe•f the Territory of Washington; M. T. Simmons, Indian House w as delayedL the Senate did no business but re- 8tonal legislation, and that he has declared that no more they beheve their own arguments, of civil war. If thisJsjnat for Indians at Paget Sound. ceive credentials, refer bills, memorials, resolutions, &c. slave States shall be admitted into the l*nk>u. At one be the result, on their heads be the responsibility.No legislation was accomplished, but only initiatory steps time the gentleman brands the Fugitive Slave act a* a , Mr. BvRxicrr—Why have Southern men sent extractsTBS KMDiCH SX*UO.\. taken. B e read the opinions of Messrs. Benton, Critten savage and inhuman law, again he stigmatizes slavery a.-: from that book to tho South?—why published them broad The 9tate Department are engaged preparing instruc den and others, in 1839, to show that they were opposed an injury to the master and a crime against the slave; cast' It was that those they have the honor to represent asms for Mr. Faulkner, Minister to France. They willbe to the transaction of business in the Senate while the and finally,giving full scope and vent to his abolition nveht know the true condition of the country, and mightHousewas unorganised. Hewas,therefore, opposed to the zeal, he becomes thepeculiar encourager and supporter understand and 111Uyappreciate the object of toe party completed by Saturday, when he will proceed to his resi- niotiou made to refer a certain private bill to the Com- of negro stealing, and the assistant ot the underground which has nominated for ire highest position next to thooccasion, to level up some moles; never noticed any firms the liberties of tbe Italian State* and justices their indication of weakness in tbe mill; 1 have never seen adence in Virgiaia, from thence to New York.aad will take mittee on Private (and Claims, and moved to lay it on railrcad. So unmistakeable has been the gentleman's Presidency a man who has coolly and deliberately antecedents, that he (Mr. Sherman) mi^ht have endoieed Helper's book. And he believed the gentle- Isa departure on the following Saturday. There will at the table to te<t the question. written the "Impending Crisis'' himself, and published it man from Indiana (Mr. Colfax) was In the same category.mill where the jar was not greater than in this; on moving those machines there was no remark expressing fear that the mill would fall while we were moving: the Uy frames were slid without being jolted; should think the machines weighed 3,000 pounds. There were e'gLt of thetg frames abreast.CharlesHBigelow,recalled—Bythejarofaheavy pressure the nature of iron is chauged, trie crystalline nn turc-being changed, and the cohesion destroyed, should ihink there was a possibility of the weight and motionre\olution before Uie world.A I'aris correspondent, writing on the 1st of January,says it was then reported in i'aris that the Congress would be summoned for the end of January, b u t the exact day was not knownA despatch <lated Rome, 3d Inst., says that the Due da r,r;irr,mont had positively stated to the Holy See that the !•;.,• .[h.it "The Pope nail the Congress docs not contain theprogrammeoftiacFrcuchgovernment.Theexplanationproducedanexcellenteiieclon the lope, and it was hoped he would not object te b e repre- sented at the CongressPrince Cortschakei', 1.ft St. Petersburg on tbe 27th forpresent be no change to Secretary of legation, m trace wonxa cu-TraacTOBS.The contractors for materials on Public Works are very felBlse under the delay in organising the House, and point jsWthe piles o f granite a n d other materials which strew ' fne ground oa all available space adjoining the Treasuryf <s*d ether buildings, as proof of fulfilment of their part of 1—insiIaBBgoverameut,forwhichtheyareclamorous Bwpay. ThesamestateofthingsexistsbothatCharles-(ssBaad Ttmm HrhfeaasA anw «a.M*x>.vrx roa rax r*x«asj*«Y.A private litopilfh received today states that the Convention at NaahriUe, Tennessee, Senator Johnson, of that State, for subjecttothedecisionof theNationalCbavea-Mr. BATA*!', (deml) oi Del., saw no evil to result from to the world under his name, without creating astonish- (A vdee—"Worse.") Advising saves to rise against the jnrodueuon of bills and their reference to the appro- ment, or uiducing the least surprise in the mind of any their inastors, tour* the knife and sword, andrecom priate committee. It was a mere question of expediency man familiar with his reord. No wonder, then, the mending non slaveholders to have no intercourse withagreed that when ri adjourn it should stand adjourned such evidence be given, the people of the South will not you re*1st it to the end of tha Congressional term?the Caaant/sr ityilnir Bedmced a a aaeye daUwstfay&i tf iul Mondnv. only doubt the aiucerity of these demonstration*, but wlM Mr. LAMAR—The resolution commits us to no sucht* II* Haascrecy—frspurusisui and Fmrpotv « / Mr. Tacssrix. .ret>.) of 111., moved to amead Mr. emphatically condemn them as hypocritical and deceitful. thing. At to whether tha a my purpose, the gentleman te 4sw Caws* oast Smtt ttme wkm Or- Bav urd's resolutiuti t» deciaring that until the House or- (Applause trom democratic benches.) I solemnly declare will ascertain when the contingency snail arise. There aJ. G. Trucadel)% */ Psaas m\ CmmrUmmm—Mammm daws Bishop« o»*-Allen,McLeanhBuik!e> Tiffany &Co., individual subscription of mem-2*;>tothen, astheybettere,»starsoftaa raleandarepublican organnationtotheday«EsflheCharteatoathaveation. They wiR thwbilltotheCommitteeonPrivateLau•iClaim*. beenparty. TIM**con*td*r*tomsmustatoncenwrs-tae Mr.Masoxraaed*pouitoforderthata wasnotcom-, peopleteshakenowotheparty,forifallowed to ctmMr.PEOHXTO*,(deal)ofOh»,concurredintheopinion ofMr.Vailaadigham,hellcTiogitwastheopinionofthe Northwestern democracy.You will please make thecorrection andateko»^-- Yours.'re^eclfully, JOHN H WAWJ*CITY or LawsKxer.. 1 MAYOK'.- owicx, Jan. IT, lsdO. >ganizes the Senate tus io cooatitutienal right to transactBete that the responsibility of aot organism*, witn all its consequence* of injury to the government and disaster to thecountry,restschieilyontherepublicanparty.Had that party"not been sectional, aggressive aad ttneonstitu- tional—had it ao* selected from its ranks as candidate for the Spcaker&hip an endorser of Helperisai, Sewardism andinwndhsrnm—apreacherofandaninstigatorofser vile war, murder and rapine—no such detoy could possitha difference between the circuation of the sentiments of the Helper book by the republicans an* by Southern men—wecommendIhebooktopublicexecration,and yourecotamendittopublicconfidence andsupport.1 1 15cfflcially resi*cttog the health of their sovereigaa. Th* reception latfUxi twenty nro minutes.Thetopem'ssseechara*generallyregardeda*1 factory, but sttrscted attention.The 1'apal Nuncio is stated to bar* subjected two draft* cf bapropesedremarkstetheFrenchForeign Officebe- torchaKtrgul*!iylaconicaddres*an*resolvedopen. It a said ttat be »ished to give ntew bJnta about the coodilion of the Roman States. ItwasalsostatedthatintheeventofcardinalAntoaelhgoingtoPranceinconnectionwiththeCongress,th*cleri- ca!partyatMarseillesandl.yon*were determinedtoget updemonstration*inhafavor.Gen. Goyon, commander of th* French forces at J had been Ordered by telegraph to proceed to Para,•<f t** *mOkem Oppotmum f»*rf>_ie/m«DemmmIbwsrdtsfto*- Br.MASOWotteredasubstitutethatuntilbyaeommuai-kgtsiatire businesscatK-urecetvedfromtoe House theSenate a informedEastman, DaytonBigelow*The resolution wasfetidover. A«jocroed mi Monday.Wa*B3s«TO*,Jan.19,18*30. THBBtanorranxas.from tho New York Courier and Enquirer, in reference to•mmmmmf^m* i. I 1134'H ,<! f / ' H f f Willi 7 fTHE N E W YORK HERALD.opsuest m Upoa t*c qaeetioo of free farms, uw Dem >- crati: *'.a-e ConTenyon*of Indana and llanos*hive de- clarrd u lavor of this pohey. Upon each sad v l of tnese propositi a* ta« present datrasuoa* of the party may be inert**'•<», »<• as #'.r»ouab to embarrsaa all eifcrw at hax- DS'.'CJ- a !b« Cbarlistlan uwvestioo.OBtheether hand,lettneaa sacoodaryqoeahon*bek-pt lb the ba-'kg"juad,u they will heiadefacli of a.";v*^; t!1theiu<eijtitgoftheCharlestonOunventioo,mdupon tfca paramount is*J« of the " irrepreea.ble conti •:. " rtagle est those who are responsible for non organization. head. Be never did say 00 this floor that the election of b>e, the*, if either myself or Hr. Sherman expresses onr 1*1*^1 &\» anti «!at<-ry Holy AlHaooa of the North aadUnvnthispointtheresolutionintroducedintotheSeceie prejudicesandmalignity, bywhichitakeptalive. He reducesixmillionsefwnaesattneSouthtosiavery,and forsixorsovondays,sayinghewouldneverletarotebedoes not look mac* like a treaty of peace. But upoa all Airican. and of obscenity on the part of the overseer* of rate attendance, and at which a resolution was passed, Mr CotMX—We are not trying to expel the genlfemen. these territorial abstractions, a.ae apart as Northern and the corporation toward the female operatives. He stated, laying, in substance, that tae New YoaaHsxaLD was a We ar: .«.iiin.g t» voie without oebate on every propoai- Southern democrat* now appear, there a a po«erful in reply to Mr Gooch, that these proceedings were pub- safe medium for ostnmunieating abolition utterance* to tion pen*)ng, or wbicb may be presented—a direct rote,kndencyonbothsidestoaom*hah*waygroundofaccom- modation. Thogeneralsubjecthasbeenaodwilloetho roughlydiscaeeedintheSenateaadintrieHouse,pub- licly and privataly, with Ihe vie* of relieving tn« green hands atCharleston ofthedelica-j? anddimcultutity. Thus,perhaps,withtoe aseeting of theOooventiia tncy willnaveaplatformcutaaddriedtotheirhands,in which"theunionoftheaemocrocyforthesakeoftho Union will be made to absore all secondary questionsTherearesomeSouthernoltras,andMr.BrownofMis-lishedmtheNxwYoaxHaxainofFebruarylast theSouth,andreturningthank*toMr.Bennett. MrPut ye*ornay.Wearewiltingtovote onthepointMr.Gotxs,(rep)ofMass.,said,astheletterprefacing tieadvisedthesbohbouUUofNewYorktoextendtheir of order presented by the gentleman free*Vir- Another SpaniKit Victory Owe*the Boos* today that every member of the «nsippimaybeamongthem,whointendtomakethepotti• TheletterwasdatedFarmingteo,New Hampshire, from tint protection of slavery by the federal goverameni. in a man who was dismissed from the employ of tho corpo-fleeted under a plurality law existing ia by the overwhelming majority ui the Convention, upoa wan not entitled to credibility anywhere. His opmuu debateable.raited.tho reeoit of the drri/iopemeate of to-day, it is bafcevMr WINDOW, (dem.) of N C , who suggested that byIn the meantime the republicans of the House, in antici- but if the testimony had come from some runaway negro common consent aB propositions be withdrawn, exoept Perningtoc, or Edward Joy Morraf Doe* he not know sage. Tho mala for the South were forwarded by th*tho conndeat caksulajion Utat in a fair aad square pitched battle against the revolutionary anti slavery party of too North, the democracy will sec ire the Presidency and de- feat and destroy the republican party, as the old whig party was destroyed in lve'Lwas, thu these spinners made from one dollar arty to two dollars per day, working ten Hours.Mr HmmaN would not discuss the question of authen- ticity. It seemed the gentleman disbelieved the state- ment from one of the white staves of a Northern factory,Mr. Boeocn, (dem.) of V a, and other* contended that the plurality rule wa* not before the House.Mr Courax, (rep.) of Ind , contended that the House should vote aye or no He gave way toelect him by a majority, aad thus at once produce an or gauizauuerMr. OUFAX—Will the gentleman designate the republi can?theresolutionswssdatedFarmington,NewHampshire, it mu«t have been written by some dismissed operative, whohadreturnedtoNewUampsnira andthence wrote totheBxaair>.Mr.His;.Ma*saidtheproceedingstookplaoeinFebru- arylast,andtheWlterbearsdateofJanuary Id,andis from a former employe of the corporation, Hiram G. Cove.patronagetotheBsnXLn,tortbeywereunderobiig&UoiM to it for advertising (heir principles beyond the hunts o< theState Heregretted that three proceedings should havebeenspreadbrandeastthroughoutthecountry.Mr.LE.1KE,Inreply,saidthesouthwerenotafraidof Northerninfluence Hewantedhaconstituents to com prebena the principles which govern the republicans He wanted ihem to comprehend tne "irrepressible confiic / ' doctrineorMr.Sewarl. Thatwa*all.ginia,that,thepreviousquestionanotbeforetheHouse. We will iuhmit to the d«caMH>, whatever it may bs. W e arewtmtg-ovotiautovhetherthepluralityruleiscooau- tutionalernot,orstoats**itshallershallnotbeadopted— knowinganwedothatthentaamajoritytorit,toetadtag severalwhohavenotthusfarvotenforMr.ShermanMr. Btraxan—Are not the republican aeasera tor Sherman, first, act, and all the timet (Cries from the re- publicansloeof"No,no" «Never")theNEWS FROM AUSTRALIA,ro*TLAjn>, Ian. Iff, 18*0. The steamship Anglo Saxon, fret* Lirerpool at i P M.of the 4th h a t , via Queenstow* 6th last., arrrred at tha* port at 10:45 A. H to-day.The mails of the Anglo Ssxon ***** io charge of Mr. Nash, Enghsh mail agent, sad were assarted 00 th* pas-Mr.Gooareplied,thiswasprociaelyanbethoughtMr Cox,(dean)ofOhio—1askthegentleman fromIn- diana if %be not posaiole to elect a Speaker from ha own at Houae, except oae from Rhode island, theTerritoriesaSUMquaIVIH:buttheywillbeoverroJeU ration,andwhosetestimony,underthecircumstances, oroer,thatthedemandforthepreviousquestionwasnot party,andone.too,whohasratedforSherman,andI the State*of the Union, was eoasiderod a severe com the argument that the plurality rule i» onespecuuly when Speakers Oobb sad Books ielected under ha operatic**, sad ao constitutionalbe ready in the prosecution of their schedule of business Mr. Gooes replied, his opinions on slavery were not Mr. BARKSIUI*, (dean ) of Miss., spoke for himself. H e hateful Helper book, that there would be a result to thu OO, will eteet Mr. Sherman by a majority vote withm a to make up for last tisae. They will cut snort the debates founded en the statements of runaway slaves, but rested had no authority to speak for any oae else*. But under ckctiouef a Speaker by a majority? If you cannot dopation of the lens of another week or two, or another from the South, it would hare been amply sufficient for the resolution of Mr. Clark, ef Missouri, and Mr. Gilmer's that if the votes of all the republicans be cast for one of month, a the House organmlion, will, we are assured, him. amenoment those men who be* not endorsed tha distasteful andafternoon train to Boston, and tho** for the West by tha Grand Trunk Railroad s i 00* o'clock.The Board of Trade inquiry into the case of Card. Smith, of Ihe steamer Indian, wa* not oflknaliy reported, but the asseessr and b a assistant both aay he will be hoc orably acquitted.The steamship Edinburgh tailed for New York in com . a few day*; hot the report ha* DOdoubt been set against the democratic party: and for the same object Bro-.su invasion into Virginia and the slaughter of her Mr. Coirax asked whether there wa* not a written with him. You (Mr Coltox) signed Itfirstof all the mem- p*ny with tbe Anglo-Saxon.,for poBUcal oBeet.rOHTOfTTC* aCBKT.the Helper bastae«s, drdsring that no man » entitled t> the confldence of the American people in aoy public ca- pacity who is ready to conspire for the dissolution of the Union in the event of the eonstitutionsl election of a Pre-disclaim all sympathy with that old traitor; that they aid not furnish him with money, arm* or favorable wishes; but I tell them that till they abandon their republicanism the people of toe South wUl spurn all their protestations, sad all their disclaimers Had there been no republican partytherewouldhavebeennoinvasionofHarper's Ferry. Brows was the tool of republicanism, doing itswill not allow the plurality rale to be voted on? Yeats—"Bow many asgsed hi"Mr. BaaitSDaix repeated that he spoke for himself, andTbe steamship Persia reached lirerpool at 8 3 0 P . H of thesis*.The steunship Nora ScorJan, from Portland, arrived a tQueenstownontbemornlogof tb*4th. done,unlesshetewillingtoInformuswhouponthisaide StormyweatherbadagainruntedtheEnghshcoast,Thar* ha* beam ever four xtilbon dollars worth of scripwith him. You dare not desert him without deserting yourselves•asag nearly the whole amount doe for the postal service Such are the contingencies and calculations on both work; and now that work a done, the republican politi- mentary means. But do you say there a a written agree- aides afiVsctlcg the Presidency, which are involved in this cianscannot skulk from thegraveresponsibilitiesthey mentbywhichyouwillnotallowIttobevotedonrcausing much damage to shipping.far the year aodiag December 3 1 , 18*0. The postages of contest for Speaker. Nor should we overlook the South have incurred. Ihe country will hold them to the re- Mr. BABKSDAIS—I have no right to speak for any other lican, he should, In accordance with the Kansas Nebraska Liverpool, which, as telegraphed via Queenstown per Eu-me first six months were absorbed in paying the srn opposition party and their calculations. They expect sponabUBy, aye, and gibbet them for It,too,as effectually gentleman but mysntf. I regard such a rule as uuoou act, of which he approves, allow ns to settle our ownrope, was driven ashore, bad become a wreck near Bar- mouth. Tbe captain and n portion of the crew were saved. The cargo was being saved.The British hark Richard Tanton, which cleared from New York September 28, for Lirerpool, had not been heard of.The ship Venice, from Drerpool tor New York, which put into Fayal leaky, had reloaded bah* her cargo, when the caught lire, and was cut adrift Some togs aad* in- efltctual efforts to reach h e r , b n t the vessel was carried out by tbe tide, and was not afterwards seen. The sup- position a that she wa* totally destroyed.tatficK-ijte* to December 51,1809. Since June 0 0 , 1 » » , either to coerce the republicans into an 1S40 nadoaal or- as if the hemp which strangled Old Brown aad his con-"domestic institutions'' in our own way. (Laughter.) Mr. Cox—sobjeetto the constitution of the United States (Laughter.) Tbe Bouse should elect their Speaker in a prune/ andconstitutional way. I donutinterferewith tbe family affairs ot the republican party when I ask him lieve there are a number of gentlemen who intend to re- about the condition of ha parry- Yesterday my colleague i*. it a saosrted that one man has taken Post Otsce opposdtio* men of the House in this matter of the Speaker. irom Pennsylvania (Mr. Hickman), who has twice risen sat the adoption of Ihe plurality rule by all constitutional tMr Hutcbins) lectured the democracy for non organiza-ganixati'ja aad campaign, or to be able to decide the issueBtitstional.Mr. Coirxx—I have always answered the gentlemnu'sfederates h a d already strangled these their instigators— gpptonse and derisive laughter)—from Seward himself, e authorofthe "irrepressible conflict,''down tohis last made convert aad disciple, the member from Penn- cans, afford a hint concerning the impracticable Southern sylvania, (loud laughter.) I refer to the gentlemanto the amount of two millions, at eighty per cent Thus we may conclude that lays, weeks and months may yet elapse before a Speaker is elected; that whenupon this iloor and enunciated the doctrines of Seward, out of which Brown's raid sprang, and threatened upon a large scale the invasion of the South—threatening to in-and papism- ntary expedientsMr. BIR-NETT, idea*.) of Ky.—I for one am opposed totion, and tried to place the onus and odium of not or- ganizing upon u s I now declare that it is possible for the republicans to elect a m an in their own party whom IOLD BROWN'S SBC*XTABT o r a r a m elected he will be a republican by the plurality rule, or aBean*, old Brown's Secretary of State, « expected here middle ground opposition man by a majority; and it ia the vade the South with eighteen millions, aud to whip us intothe plurality rule, believing it unconstitutional and vio- bare name^L It is not denied but what some one who te lativeoftheright*Ofthemajority,placingtheelectionin mureconservativethan Mr.Sherman,andwho te not tathe hands of a minority, there a a written agreement the same Helper boat with these gentlemen, can be elected,r r y , a a d w i l l b e t h e n e x t w i t n e s s b e f o r e t h e S e n * t * | i a voengaUng Cosnmitiee.TBB ITCTSDSTATS*TaaAta-avanr.VM Preekteat tendered some days ago to ex Governorei l i c y a n d t h e d u t y o f t h e d e m o c r a c y , n o o n t h e g r e a t a submission to "higher law . Bit, sir, when that inva- nion issue, to resiata vote upon the plurality rule, down sion a made, the price of bemp will go up in the country,by gentlemen on the ttemosratic aide, who pledge them selvesturesistbyallparliamentarymeans theadoption of the plurality rule. I amone of those who by every parliamentary strategy will strive to defeat it.aod that, too, by a majority of tote House.Mr.COLFAX—wesnpport Mr.Shermanbecausewe be lieve he receives the largest number of votes whichcan be rJtolled. The constitution authorizes the various Statesby WillardaHXe of Maryland, the United States Treasuryship. log some of the ". by a full house, uiclud'the Cabinet aad of the members take our invaders' arms from them, and we willA large ship, supposed to be an American. wa* riding Mr. COLFAX—AS the gentleman is so frank, I would ask of the Union to elect representatives to tbe American Con- at anchor Jan. 8, near Fleetwood, with all her matt cotDawiTrims vaoa rax AFX-VUS Mjtunaox here, reenlthig from inon election of a Speaker. Thelast performance at theatre was the "Life and Death TheNavyDepartmentrsdeiredadvicesthismorningofBishardtheThirdbyMurdoch;buttheWarofthesyrian raid into Jodea,and the fate of the invaders similar to that which befell the boat of Sennacherib.Like leaves of the forest when summer a green, That host with its banners at sunset is see*.Like leave*oftoeforest when autumn a flown, Thathostontoemorrowliesscatteredaadstrown.Mr. BcaKETr—The gentlemen who pledged themselves intend to stand by their agreement, let ih e number be whatitmay.Mr. COLFAX—The question a , whether you will prevent a vote*Mr. Bi RNXTT—1 speak for myself. I am read/ and willingtoco-operatewithanynumber to useall parfaa- menlary means andStrategy tgainst the plurality rule,only one State which requires a majority— Rhode Island- but there, if there be no choice on the first trial the seconi electsbyaplurality.Therefore,itwssfarfetchedtosay that t h a House mint elect a Speaker by a majority.Adjourned.The Lawrenre Cutaatroplir. THE COBOMXB8 INQCEST CONTINUED.LAWBBKCS, M ass., Jan. 19,1860. Tbe inquest on the late disaster was resumed this morn-ing.Isaac Fletcher, who superintended tbe laying of thefoundation of the Pemberton Mills, testified to the firm nes* of the work,had put back. TheJ.Manran,fromLeghornforBoston,putintoGib-raltar Dec 22, leaking, and would dacharge.The Lucy Atwood, trom Terceira for Boston, was struck. by a sea, Dec 8, which washed the captain uverooard, •wept decks, kc, and wa* abaaatoaed in a sinking condi-tion on the 14th. Crew saved and landed at Deal.THE EUROPEAN CONGRESS.REPORT OK ITS INDEFINITE POSTPONEMENT—TIIK HOPES O F IT AL Y HIGHER THAN EVER—NAPOLEON G1TE8 A GOVERNMENT DENIAL TO THB PAKPBLBri Caidain Ionian, commander of the Africa squadron. I stand*, seven in number, a r e busilythepi**wufliHI of their work. Then have aytares, The usual good health areo h officers and •row. arroi.Trnx.vr* oonvnaaxD.Ike Senate, in executive aeonon, have confirmed the •showing appointments—Sam. Smith, of Tennessee, Com •ssai of General land Oftteef Colonel Slanthsngb, ef Pec nay ITSDJS, Surveyor General of Utah; George Graffof Imtiaaa, Receiver e f Pnbhe Moseys a t Dakota, N e -braska; Deal. Griffin, Receiver e f Public Money* a tVaatmgtoa, A rk.; L. Stiff, of Alabama, Receiver atCentre, Ala.; W Mneaboy, ef Wnconain, Register ofland Offlce of Superior, Wm: R Mesa*, of Iowa, Reserver of Land Office at Iowa City: W. A. Sevens, ofArkansas, Receiver of Land Office at Bateville, Ark.; M. Homestead bill.to the meeting of die MadameAnnaConcert Hall—rleston Convention.concertlast night,atWiUard'sa Presbyterian church, absorbedfor the whole crop of the South will be needed to bang the abolition soldiers. (Applause from thedemocratic benches and derisive laughter from the republicans.) Butthepriceofarms, sir,will godown, forwewillbaa written a letter to the President declining the ap of both hmsesof reus. The.theatre was closed the than procure enough to equip the whole population of whether if even a matonty of the House, or two-thirds, gress, and in compliance w<th tbe constitution representa-other day, owing to • beggarly representation of empty the South. (Hisses from tho galleries) The history desiretohaveavototor or against thepluralityrote, boxes," on account the tightness of the money market of that invasion, sir, anil be in effect like the ancient As- they Would resat to prevent sue* vote being toknn?tivessithere to-day. Everygentleman whositshere a away.elected not by a majority but by a plurality. There a The ship Switzeraad, from Liverpool for New York,the Rctse* is still only" at the beginning of the end.TaalATY-B1XTa CO\ORB«I. RBBB1.JBe suite.WaSHtvurov, Jan. 19, 18*0.TBBST^raassiox or rjcvasjon.Mr. DoiGLas called up his resolution instructing theJudiciary Committee to bring to a bill for the better suppreation of invasion, h e , and it was made the specia abominable records of the party, but obnoxiousThat, sir. will bp the inevitable fate of theinvadersofthe Southern States. (Applause and derisive laughter.) if neosanry, till our commissions expire.And, sir, in the words of a gentleman upon thefloortheother day, "The people of the South will welcome theirNorthern invaders with bloody bands to hospitablegraves." This republican party is the one who met us atthe very threshold of this House, on the first day of tho ins a not properly before the House, and I am ready tosession, with a candidate for Speaker—a candidate notdefeat its adoption b y resorting to all tactics known to parliamentary tew; by dilatory motions, such as to ad- journ, and calls pf the House, and by consuming time in debate. I will do th a to defeat the minority, and pre vent them from pacing in that chair a man who endorses thedoctrinesoftheHelperbook,andwhohasnoteither afiirmed or disavowed them. 1 repeat, to prevent such a disgrace on my section ami constituents, I will resort to allparliamentaryandlegitimate means,sohel.imeGod, so long as 1 have a neat on this floor. (Aoplause on the democratic side.)Mr. COLFAX—In regard to the Helper book, I want tbonly obnoxious to this House on account of theTRSsrsaKsasRir.Mr. CrxTS, (rep.) of Iowa, resumed the question of\Mr. CtUFA x— That was done by eomiaon eoaeent. I hare Ihe course ofn aaxnheea aanimr. He an*hewould heard gentlemen saythatthey winresistau etectionby •corn to make tosfa with such a manasWebh,woo thepluralityrule,andtost iatheeventoftheelectionef Mught te forse en the Northern people a f&ae idea as to * certain man to the Preadeacy they will secede from theMrHssxaux, (dem) ofArk.,saidthepeoplewould ••is(MrLeake's)©nursewhrchhadaotonceenteredhi* Unionwithoutwadingfortheovertact 1amaccount*Mr. CoiFix—The author of "The Buckeye Abroad" rule, believing it would result in the election of Mr. (Cox) is not the man to arraign me for anything I hareMr. Courax—Do you intend to resort to the means known to parliamentary practice to prevent the Clerk from propounding the question?Mr. BTSJJBTT—I hold that the resolution of Mr. Hutch-by a still more abominable record of haown,thereby adding Insult to injury- That gentleman referstheHouseandthecountry to therecordsofhapoliticalacts, as an index of his opinions upon the questions of theday,andheannounceshawillingness tobejudgedbythattest. Ita notmypurposetoenterintoadetailedexamination of that gentleman s (Mr. Sherman's) variousvotes, and h a sentiments as expressed upon the floorupon the question of slavery, but such a scrutiny wouldunumtakeably prove that the gentleman from Ohio stands country to understand the facts. The republicans have was down; thought they had mush more weight in that then remain will bo 10 recognise the central Italian Stats,Mr. Yt IKE, fdeoa i of Kla., was opposed to th e Senate gentleman obstinately refuses to disavow the sentiments slaveholder?. I h e book a revolutionary in character, acting, as it might rvj regarded by the other Hnise as an and doctrines ot the Helper book. If he did disavow or inviting acts of rapine and murder. The republican party attempttoexpediteitsorganization. Hewouldapplyto disownihenihewouldrepudiatetheverypithandmar- havetreateduscontemptuously byretusinp:eitherto that body no outeidej;>: essure. There were at least three row ol his own teactiing. Helper and Sherman are o u e , aillrm or repudiate th* doctrine.notable occasions on which the Senate refrained fromdoing holiness before the House organized. Vue Presi- That the principles they enunciate and endorse will lead dent K.iimoie ruled, in IS49, that the Senate could not act. to violence, U> revolution, to anarchy aud bloodshed, isTherewereatar^ejnumberofcontestedseatsm the shown,notonlybytheabominabletendencyofthisedoc-and the black mantle of rcpubiiciuiittn covers them both.Mr. Wixstow explained by his suggestion that be didnot mean the House should act on the plurality rule. H e causing a crack, which would remain some m i-wouldopposeitbyalllegitimatemeans. Mr.GAKNETT,(dem.)ofVa.,saidheshouldinsistonasitting week aiter week doing nothing He could not see 3d of March, 1S5S—language which would be found Speaker." don't think more weight was put tqmc the columns the rorceof tie argument of tho Senator from Florida, ; on the crystallized pat.'ortu of the black republican Mi. BrnxKTr—The agreement is nearly as follows:—We than tbey should have borne; don't think thatthe moviug that it might be regarded by the House as a pressure Bible, the Helper book. It was said that a great deal are resolved by all parliamentary tactics and stratagems, of machinery to the mill would have a tendency to strainHouse,anditcouldhitbetoldthatallmightnotbecon- trines,butthes»meisshownclearlybythesentimentsofnutes;Imusthaveapprovedoftheplanoftbecolumns andpintles;believethatthecolumns,beingordinarily well cast, would susttin the weight required; the weightleal ed. the arch apostle of the day himself. I might refer to thuMr. FBWSMJSV, (rfo ) of Me , did not like the idea of language of Senator Seward in tne Senate chamber on the "that any rccotnmender of the Helpor book is unfit to be of tbe floor upon each column was but three or four tony;upon it to induce it t4 organiz-. That, he rather thought, of the brutal character charge! egain«t the Helper bookwas an argument in favor of action here. He did not> was in some degree confined to the judgment of Southernand by all means known to the constitution and laws, to the columns more than the putting up of new machinery. I'aris.resist the adoption of tne plurality rule, so long as it a Samuel Gould, wheelwright; B. F . Chudbourne, brick- Ihe latest accounts Irom the Continent do not confirxathink theprecedentsquoted should govern theSenate. ' members,anlthatits sentimentswerenotasincendiary nuttedthat suchaction proceededfromadesiretoavoid ! ly,from Helper himself,thatweareright inourdeflni-workandto adjourn over. Tse Presidentevidentlyre ticuand interpretation of it. Thegentlemanthen real garden that there whs a Congress, as he bad sent in bis an extract from the preface of the book in support of hisnecigsary toprevent theelection ofJohn Sherman,or Tbe delegates selected tor the State at Urge are They were not based on constitutional ground He inti and treasonable as charged. But I can show conclusive- any endorser of the Helper book.layer;StephenDockham,HenryStudley,Ben.mmiaHods tbestatement thattheCongresswould notbeheld. Onman and Stephen Wallace, testified during the forenoon the contrary, it was reported in Paris that the (eagre** sessionoftheinquest,whenthetestimonywas mainlyasC.Haynea andN.C Whnthorne. Thootherare Andrew Swing, Samuel Maliagan, Win. M. and J. C. Atkins.,THB nxueax TXXATT. , OaeofthefeaturesoftheMcLaneMexicantreatypto-annual message. He argued that the Senate could do its share ot the business.Mr. Hut,.reii) iofV.H, suggested thattheSenate hadbettertakeupHrBayard'sresolution, audpassonremarks. And in the face of these facts the republican3 have preserved as candidate for Speaker of this! House a manwhohasendorsedtheseseutimeots,audrecommend editscirculationthroughoutthepeopleoftheSouth Sir,Mr.McQraKir,(dem.)ofVa.,said a large numberof gentlemen had signed theagreement, gentlemenwho were true to the country, and who would seek to save the South from the degradation and disgrace of electing any man who endorsed the Helper book. Southern soil hasalreadybeendrenchedinbloodby republicanteach- ings,whichwerein'.aanousandtreasonable.to theocnstructionofthe building, tbe strength ofthe iron pillars, and other matters which have been previous- ly testified to quite fully.RELIEF FOB TBS SUFFERERS. Hr.JohnH.Watson,No.105Broadway,acknowledgeswouldmeetonthel.thef February.NEW YEAR 8 DA Y A T THB TUILBKIBS.According to tbe custom, the Emperor on New Year'*dayreceivedthemembersofthe diplomatic carps in lafcr the admtonoa of certain gooa* into that country that instead of voting on the motion to lay it on the it Uan insult and outrage upon tae intelligence and comfolk dvtrone. The receptiontookplaceat1P.M.,andto Mr COLFAXasked whether the signatures were private the receipt of the following donations tha day,for the thus recorded in the iltmifatr —table. j •roeofduty,oratsuchrats*a*theCongress**! Mr.MA.«O.Vwithdrewbisniotioutolaytheresolutionoamon sense of the South to nominate the gentleman from OhioasspeakerofthisHouse. Ifthese Unionsavlag meetings of latter days ia the Northern statesor inteuded for the public eye?MrMc<JiFXNreplied,theobjectwastheyshouldnotbe reliefofthesufferersatLawrence,Mam.— SPEECHorTHlPOPE'SJftXdOTOTH1EXTBROS.Dahed States may designate. Among these are coal the tsbkcottongoods,allkindsofmachinery,productsofthe -Mr Bayard's resolution,totak<3noanalactiononany are not all empty mockeries and delusions—ifcarried to the republican party, but the gentleman could Hoyt. Spragno k Co.... $100 nothavebecomeacquaintedwiththeagreementif ithad New York Lodge,No.230, F.andA.M, through Messrs. C. I). Brown and Ed. G. P . Wilkins _ 5W. Lockwood 10 P. F. Delrtcx 5 CarbartrBacon&ireene. 25 E. Bucknam &Co 10 Mrs. John Grawold... 25 Capt. E. E. Morgan -0 C H Marshall xU>. 50 Van Wyck, Town**ad kAndrewsBro. &ShaUhar. $25 The Papal Nunoio addressed the Emperor as follows — E.C.Moore 10including aB kinds of grain aad nasal and parts of vessel* for navigation, dosjr ad many other article* connectedhttViiBUt notice of the organisation o,' the House was re- they are realiy an indication that there doe- exist abeenaprivateone.Mr. COLFAX asked Mr. Lamar, who had risen, howBowers, Beekmaa a Bradford, Jr 50 Donations received through S. M. Vau Santvoord, Esq.: S . A . M a r t i n e A: C o 2 0 G e o . W . T o w e r s A: C o . . 1 0S::u£— On tbe first day of the year, which assembles the diplomatic body around year Majesty, I have tbe honor, sire, to orb r you its respectful homage.RiTLV OF XAFOLBOK TO S S I RI51STLKS.The Emperor replied as follow? :—1thaokthediplomatic borfyforthegood wanes it has expicssed on the event ot the new year ; and i am espe cially happy a t t h a time to have an opyortmtiry «f r r minding Ha represenWives that since •X*foe,*~<- power, / fcare ahrsv*prbfeavd ike madpr»*u*nf ragAJw mr^nled >wkt< Be then assured that tbe conrtaoa.ni of my effort* will be to reestobnXb everywhere, In s o ttcih aa depends poo me, confidence aad peace.His Majesty passed before the diplomatic circle,Bh United ssai<* aastMifacturere.The egret ef the Vleeroy ef Egypt uas recently con- ganixed.Mr.LAU<«.(dem)otMas,didnotknowthe number of signatures, but be was satisfied no Northwestern demo-cerreatxaas taken upiMr. M-toan moved »o lay the resolution on the table, asUnion loving sentiment in the North—why a it that thetens of thousands, who, they, are told, take part in them,are aot now thundering against these doors, within whichthe black republican pualanx are endeavoring to tramplethe L'mon under foot, by striving to elect such a man asthe member from Ohio the presiding officer of the House. crat attached his nam* to It Hs sitmed the recommenda-it did nota first or second wss opposed tosrhoie grouni. If a biU could be read tt could be read a third time H ewhatever t.U the House ormany democrats had signed it, and whether a n y North- western democrats were included?arufototion. Bethought they Why do not these men of the North prcw-lalm their indig- aad then atop abort uf noal nation against Sewardism, Helpertsm, Shermanismand republicanism, and drive from their seats iu this II->usetion tor co operation to resat the adoption of the plu- rality ruieMr. Coutx-Do I understand that If the plurality rule should be moved, and the question about It be put by the Clerk, and even If you are aware of the fact, that there10 10 5a contract for a large supply of Snare's improvfd Mr. BaYAfto auki could imiiatv maction.Further •iisciifc.-io* ensued, in which Ikear*. Foster, the members who adhere to any one of them? If they did. &© » r W a s t i n g ton lorresnwaelence. Hunter. Ff*«enden, Coliamer and otoers parttetpated. that, sir, they would give practical evidence of a return-Waaananos, Jen. 18,1800. Ou motion of Mr- Tooaie*, (dent.) ef 6 s , IB* Senate tag sense of justice aud devotion to the Union. But until a an overwhelming rote to end this imbroglio, would Warren*060 Cash 60 Do 10 Do 25 Do& Do. I*>16 J.RM.fororphans.10 1 10 5or its organization the senate a aot competent to proceed to '<jristotico bu^ines*.Ur.TRIxat-;said that wasaatistactory to him,aai witiidrevt bw am«natoeutwa the partof the republicans for the phirahty rule, ft isthe MsJahssT which commands the Hou* orrwmtio*.taar* a as ether hope for the republican candidate, hist<**y_w***B«kx»g nmre than tha plurality rule. Thedeaxaarasaareafraidofiu Theiroolysafetyaiaajhtiag*aff,aadBayhaveeverythingtogalafrontJcley.uwn,Mr.BLMIHAM.(rep.)ofMich.nowmivedtoreferhisAmericanpeoplenowpaytortheexistenceofthisreplibHewasaaswsrabletohisconstituentsalone. rence,Mam-nottendollar*,asinyourissue^M"*-esrt.de, 4c..ti* eoatestfortheSpenserisreducedtoaregularaiede:Mr. VAI; A.W;«HAM, (dem.) of Ohio, said he was one of Ihe number who, a!ttr consideration, bad arrived at the belief thatthepluralityrulea unconstitutionni. Solong as the resolution proposing Hshall be insisted upon outof order,hewouldresatitbyallparliamentarymachinery, but when offered inorder, aad oonsatently with the rules, then, so far as he trs* individually concerned, after ex- hausting all legitimate debate, be would consent thatTotalPrev. act nowledged. 2,424Mr.Hu:movediostrikeoutthewords'•commaaica-jbiyhavetakenplaceiuorganizingtheHouse. TheHous•Sen from tne ilease," so that the resolution would read '•that until informed A the orgasizatioo oT the Hoo.se the Senate a not competent io do ousiaess.would long agolave been organized,thepostal a;"propria tionamarte, tae snail contractors paid, aad the mail ser- vice tteelf restored to health aad vitality. The countlessNsw YnsK, Jan 1°, !**>• Janx* GORDONBnx.tarr, Esq , New York Vork Herald —Afteragreatmany suggestionsthewhole subjectwas dasdvautsge*towhMIUhecountrywputthroughdww- thereshouldbeavoteonthererohitlon. Thepaperwas budonthetable. ganizattonoftheHousetopartoftheprice wjkichtho preaenteatohim,butherespectfullydeclinedsigningH.D*A* Sia-Messrs. Grtonell, Miotnrn k Co subscn^a onehundreddoUarsforthereliefofthesuaerersati.tw-f«ient to make a reference until the House organised. Mr. Cnrn-M'ti contended that it was aot a competentlittu* in exnteure they will be tbsdestruction of the Unionuponthemwijhahergauixationofthe Seaaw,aadthepointo;order wasoverruled—yeas45, •fektorvaltoaa-dCt>aveation,towit— any*t.wrShtTlbated^U^^ui^tt of ""*£&* fcriattarfibs reliefofthesafhrer*byonrterribleca- w ^ * T baa been received. The generous ayrnjathy ma- nttottedmourbehalfa*sustaining handinourtrouble ThTbeaatyandlovelinessofcharity1never fullyapyreieftheadmanoaofKansat.iff iarestifation tato a^ged-deii1•»*v*f*ace* Andeorraptions. atediacaoooofuutoriffXaosavutinginth*negative were Messrs.Clar, Htle, Hamlin,johnsoe©UT>UIJ.(Maiiory,Meson,andTaleet*si0Ai>i*to>w»xmwanor181i. Mr.W.*»*,(rep.),4<*,*>,presentedapetition thattheleader,fromthewantofwho**emJ|*«a arisenthat uon—A>eorK«* Tharealmostbrokenupourorssaisatr8h,causedasto Mr.CLIBK—Iwillrests'itbyeveryexpedientknowntolowerourrotors,almostforcedustoabandonthefight. theInwsofthelaud. 1meanwhatIsay.oeprcssfdourstrength,and,thoughitatruawsbavenot Mr.STSTBISON,(dem ) ol Ky., toqnwed whether Mr.surrendered,yiHourcondition ha* b*eo**» **sickaacd SewarddidnotntmittandtheHelperbook,»ndwhether nateduntiltheprv.-ett time Fortha,yourcharity,per-Papalgovernment.Cardinal Antonelli bad announced »onthe12thforPara. ViennaletterssaythataveryIhe French again prevailed at I TheaddressestotbePeso, Vienna churches, were ant s ofeelingtowardryaagasth* *tg*edaswas^••"•aoffreefarmsor oath*asnneaaad-a boisMstea-t to act't<t|and broken that it batembotdeaed our enesaa* to taunt «maaetoMi ef Mr line. Jam)oftod.,5,300 extra i oawithweakness,andtodesaaadotusthatwepassunder wyee oftheTie«|aryIlcpertwereorderedtobeitbeyokeaaprtonersoiwar.Wehaveyetatreagtnand power if we hot uatte. Let us, then, remove the pitiablemit me to thank yon, aad through you to tender my thankstoeachandaildonors ofyear remittance Aad Iefffervonmythanks,whicharenocommonemotionsoflafl ad. TheHousepdir^, M aV-^,1,rvpPt :n. '**u. what tkespectacleof therepresentative*atthaigreetnational •artyvoluntarilyreducingoar**lrr*tothec.mdittonof» tactic*. Let us meet in caucus and Bouiinata as candidate onetorwhomallnaybe proud te vote—tor whomthetne heart, but deep and *incere am your friend and wrvant,With gr»*t gratitude, I D SArXDEBS, Jr .expected.— * GREAT BE1TAUS.democracy are embarrass*!« soldiers at i^ii be put upon the pessioa roil,81•asmwillopposetheadaustL>os » » * * elettornof a Sfi^ker can alyi* although barrote maypoesi>lxthe Helper book,be metre the support of that party *Untitled Documentnotrsada .olltarwToMcasraC*x*oxandSsmia.A Nrw FACTORT AT LAWRtWCB, MA* - o * the 17th TheofLordataaauktywere t*be 11Tbebillwastheareftrrad.rai.\mt <W ,m. rXKasttoT axroxT.Hr. *ew*rd »as the gentlemen's candidate tor the PresioettoyTMr.CotXAvwasunderstoodtosayhedidnotknow whether it would be Mr. Seward or anybody etae-Mr.iAUaasow1 r*«Ba*r.tf^r«nn*hdana*heald tftherepnaitself. Mr. Hindaaas paid a tribete *rf admiralsou to the iNortherndemocrat*whohadap|*sastherepublicins, consenttovoteonthepluralityrule.•dnturbmgelemeuMwhichwill ji*v1ubiyh* puintTortoeChairtoderide.TheCMUKsubmitMdtheqwstioutoth-jdeoiftionofthe andcootuii*d: Wehaveclamoredtongaaloufhwithouta Mr.CoLiAi—WillyouallowtheClrrktoputtheque*,«:»««»•«—Yourtetterofthe14thin*t,withcheck ia.-oraequarter*axeinterpretedtato•menace*»rann-aut >tu_vn.viseanctUM.Mr. Kiw. (rep) «*N. y .aibrad a reaetuttonapffaat- i Southern opposition and tbn aati-Lawmonatae* nan uniteof theThe funeral wa* fixedn»gaiN-> a comtameotornvestigate whether gdtjDtoi, o* | heartily vsnhu* to elevating to the t'nalr—*ioe whom, asy oifarr*jm, hash*Vup«a oatof the |»iblie prtoting Iat^r«H>«»bou « e the.prtkitag e f t h e exeeuave densft- j the gravo *r.d imponantfuocttoasof h a office upon a 11a•ansil. tt*B**a IA*r*»»h* i t asJL ulactures agreedto abffuioorpWestmlnater Abbeyla regard to desaocran i**/w«ka«»w,rreui toeexeersMee ofth-i UH'nis,to|h«susemrtoinewspaaero,etpscialtytheWash , aaaaland1oaaervauvesetos (Urealapptasaatram theIts the -_-___... —w , », .j,w m m m r „„„.,„of theSrerett *££"Jj^!a*aee, M**»m* l**M"» •> *>f*rtnMB, JMa, the capita] not to sxceed **OO,O0O, iu share* of$1,|u0 each. Tbe company will manufacture «•**•* whfebwassupposedtohsre been concocted underthegoods,andforthatpurposewilloccupyandowntbeauspicesofiheeoBwrvaOvcparty;awl,accordktgtothadirect vote on Mr. (lark, of Missouri's, resolution dectaxingMr.CLAAK, (dem) of Mo., declared he never wouldM r . K e n , ; d - m ) o f 8 . C , w a n e d t o s a y t h a t o n o n e occasion a motion wa* pending to expel Juan Qrincy Acams,a-ejwouldhavepassedbyamajority. BespokePA1X.Mr. Cox—Cannot the gentleman elect my dattnguishel colleague, Mr Oorwin, who sna to front of him, or Mr.E. Paransted hCo Carey a CD Solomon & HartJ. C. Haver h Son Chas. Pflaer k CoI •spoke a few words to each ambassador, making 1bersoffirmendem- ploye* 120 HawYOI:K,Jan.19,IsoO.Total..$3,254Bunnell & WilsonP. B. Shaw k CoHenry 4tRommoMurphy & t'hiida... Southwicks: Pbeip*.. 5 Cta, Lewis A; Brown..ON BOMB—THE Rl'SSIAN ENVOY 8BTS OCT J O B P ARIS—TBE CONGRESS TO MEET, A S ALLEGED, NEXT MONTH, ETC., ETC.The London Times, in sn editorial, says that present ap- " oppos>Unu mBtinJ- to W 11,*h' U.er any cootrao* •:1- been made at aoy time by Mr. •ivmrnan wxhtoef'vreer i-rwier of the S-ut'a» and Kxe-t tt've iie^artsKi>t br wh'h be was to recurve XX)ao*. i e.wV«»uo i\ir HutuhimO vetteroav.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069building of the Esses Company, at Lawrence, formerly used a* a macbae tbop.locdoa Berald, the biir mquestion ha* been fnbsHaaai e n .»riai,*.t>ij.mac*iT;«C7"~. "" » • •«!<* la-ger ma'gn t> eorkyI g"«*•*• *, t otogteatCumhtmi**,andthe«N*aaa*j*nawto*art*draws,and»nisangratisbenches.)Mr RiMtiiAii. trap ) of Ohio, called for a vote upoa the questionoi oro<-Blraised onUv(Hirainy resnrr»wnof hispww.fultonhisteory.co»•"•«« ho-m 