 sremainto surrender to"one thousand votes to favor of an- These are stubborn facts be- for the genefal, and with the exception of the writer of fore which even Emperors must bow. Nottung strikes ti.e ordinary man who bas only a newspaperAfor a Probable.The Nsw-Ocleansaffairs in South Carolina in athinks there is no doubt that she would find extenMve sympathyifJheshouldtakemeasurestoplaceherself out of the Union. Yet the Picayune indulges the hope that something may yet be done to bring the North aad South face to face in a friendly spirit. It says :f'— y-*ianc* }hJ« potency^ifT©I* X.—NO. 2860.Shetive men to take the movrment into tl.elr own bands,Jto'toA NEW-YORK, MONDAY, NOV8HBE& 19, 18B0.®xme|.MOVEMENT. as the means of avt ihe worst consequen, es THE SECESSION only iJiogttayaa-eoafcropOBUm.PropositionCompromisePicajnuw discusses the state of-'lUeuaelaice, of domestic economy, .wetoyleblaadbe reTersed,to suit exigencies r We must think thosefl*TM«ir ABmi ef imOk CarvUu te SecesaiMitTBI QBBSlk DEFSNGE BILL PASSED.sent thtm as the basis ofafinal settlement of thise sec-Omt TBJUECUBAFHIC DI8PATCBB8. mFEOJf WASBIR6T0N.beyondpureSlaT* act. Hon. Ifr. On>« has written toMissi^slppi thatexpected to get the PrincipalshipInstn^entalm pased to dlsoaioa.city— November was and ynintaeat la ftit •MtMttt<ni._raBk%j^. its 4a. :«aeu te.ha«Ued«axt Baevter shooH ter of tbe 7ib wrlttM^BCSiiBlMiml,Usrequaet.Before the batBetnuI plaw, Hr. WjxawsBiBtlsfledthat he eouhl-dfr unthlng at (hs Pei-he, and be would immediately have returned to Shanghai, but tba( t^S Russian Minister, with whom we had been directed toanmviiii^nvfnitB ate-ia ChAius Nanza died on the tBi last It Is said that Lord Dcssosalb will be buried isthaitilfiiyoMtlclania the SUie, Isstrong^ 6p-Amid tbe tumult ol that day's excttedMlita fear mr fbnaed, participBted in the movement. w« ntrfhr theRepublican organization.It liAdmiratFngitlTeOn Monday nigbt last. Naval OIBcer Lausshs spoke New-Keslco, adriv at lustituie Hall, Charleston, together with Jud^erecognizeinthe Press generally, your reference toTlie FhKida at its last session Legislaturedoes not deem the elec- tion of LnicoLii sufficient cauBe for the dissolution ofa ratolotian {ffomising decided action In case of the akctlon of a Republican President, requiring thesure that anybodyKentuckyail ofWednesday following.theI the universal feel- those communications, believe,January,sent from the South to the Northern are several journalsgate B they may to appointthe Then extracts from Mr. LmooLa's contrary they are identical with the principles main- country. citingpickeddetecting the culprit, and on telegraphingorcurred by the Convention.tiined speeches, it aims to demonstrate that he sjrmpathizes bythe Government The ad-Embassy,andthe founders of with the extremists of Ids party. In view of this state dress concludes as followstottof iitol afitocrat can do much, but*«U> gives theaad do all things needful to and meaning of this act andson.ALABAMA.of it considers the remedies The Republicans of Maryland, believing as we do in affairs, proposed.over which neV^powerpurposes of this Conven- summation most sincerely to be dreaded, and so tne hour of opprobrium and danger. Victory, and Mick," were interchanged. Every man seemed toSSCI8SI0S MEETUiO AT CO.NTENTION.family"meeting,there wereEurope in'~. aiHWraiu.scaiTytng^ofaninevitablerevoluiiim.SOUTH CAROLINA. KX8IGNAT10M Of MB. BONHAM.CommiA, S. C, Saturday, Nov. IT. Hob. H. L. BOiNBsH, member of Congress fromthis State, has resigned his seat in that body.MONEY AFFAIRs"lN THE SOUTH. AsaosTA, Saturday, Nov. 17.sight exchange,and some sales are reported at X. 8PIBIT OF THB SOCTHBRN PKES8.PROM WASHINGTON.Tbe Wasliington Star, of Friday, publishes tlie fol-Republic"lytbytlKgjg^^^^ieiBetb towhatcouldbeMr.LAwasBOB*BInobject tecoringSnuutiN ud i Hew ficofripUeal Line.epla-ITALTrthe OarW Trooys.IddiUfitl^CeutitiititBUof Hon. ^\^.rm„AmrH.StepbelW.says:tennptthe harmoay of bit coundb. Mr. Lnroouipra^easlonaipoUtleiaas, who havetheSpeechbfinaation has been received here that Got. cal race is who has no mottve of ambition run,York credit will go and ber banks wlU b^the board,be compelled to euspend, while the credit and stabili- ty of the New Orleans banks will be firm and undJ<- turbed. It thinks that it wlU drabi New-York of ber specie, and compel the whole West to Bend its prod- uce South for a market.Electoral Candidates.MINOR INDICATIONS.We find the following paragraph in the Washingtonikma, of Soalk CiroUna, oppoaa* secenioii.Public sentlmeat aeem* to be lettUng down onder tte Ue* that Soathem Statet, Sooth Carolina in- elnded, will oatte In a demand for an additional con-or gain to inluenre him nor any iaducements to take up his pen but such as are common to all who have propertyStar ":Tbe Royalisu were attacked ia frontwhichit itUK>ugfattheFreeSpringfield, placecontainedareferenceto armyistotallydefeated. NoparticiilanoftheactioniMtatlonalMates willMate* caaeenring the Slave States against further agitation, and xlng a (eographlzal iine-{ierhapB the old Hlasouri compromise line between Free and Slave Territory, achothercommunications from Shanghai, complaining of Mr. Wabs and Commodore StaiBUBe, for having gone off to tbe Pei-ho, leaving American citizens and their property unprotected, at a time when tbe Chinese in- surgents were known to be approacliing Shaoghal intutanty, cbeertolly granton thenight previousto tbe elec-papersCity,^The King, VicfOB Ebahoil, was to fenter N^deaa new elanie in theEverett man who didn't want an office."eabodris tlie solntloa of tliehere fh>m ail sections. In addition to this they en- tbel7 approre of the saggestion of tlie Tinas, that payment shall be made for slaves not surrendered ader tlieA ConTention of all the I 1tion, and our townsman was bitroduced to Mr. L. as"are receired. yet.dllBcalty by leadingLarge quantitiesof ftores and war materiel bad ar-and the Convention meets onall others in auihority. Give unto them wisdom and strength, that all their acts may tend only to the pro-dispatchesworthy Tom, peaceful groups playingany Convention, Congress provide for all other expenses in-and even armies, "> powerfulmembers of the Convention will be for iinoouiitlanal disnsion.feeling country giveselection at the comer of Seventh-avenue and Twelfth- street at once arose and pulled out of his pocket a string of cut-and-dried resolutions, warmly indorsinghas come to the unpleasant conclusion that there is a iiiu ii iili iniih,round a dozen families who do notleasthope of ihn of ii.loptioi,deficit of Mr. Terhune—in his h^id account His sureties haveseventy-fiveGov. Mooas lepliea, in a letter published tillswhat is Lbtcbib, wnen he be-$2,900 placedmon- State Convention, and thaoka them for the aid rendered by the Baptists to the causeoffice, wasafuture of that krnt province is now easily tom her deariy-b>g, to the ofdistmlon.Baptisti d, lesHtes, fromBia Ummttitnmsr.- Ike whitecoats,Mr.thebe Ya,<„wlUundoubtedly elected,and wUl beLAWaxscx, Esq.," proprietorof the injuries. drlnking-«aloon —.^iipprrssr,! Intfhi finish,,!al such mormm*ruling spirit of the Convention. MoBoi, Saturday,.la a.lover-work,—KxPresident the CharlestownThe Regiater declares for seceedon. It aayatbe luge sectional vote North and South proves a^»i.r^^?..r„iiii-gTv-Si'Sy.."lew stairs to announce the "unexpected result" toPierce visited(Mass.) Navy-yard on Monday, and was honoredCourt of Chestertown.Vrea.-les the percepUons of Ia Ia.M, every one can sm theeonmon aave tbe^^e would Have itchanged. changed,a national salute.Italy, exceptCoostltation,I;;{Ipassedmenmight have led to tbe belief that our Minister and theleaching school for two years a few miles from Elber- him afair trial, to show his merits or demerits. This Commodore were sailing about the China seas for rived in Rome for the use of toe French army.Governor to convene the Legislature. The Jackson- Wilis and aflVctions, and overrule all their jI'hen, it says, we want no UnionIdea originated with those who claim to be the Union- savers, and who have denounced all others as Dis- uiilunists and traitors.Garigilano.Tille Stasidard and other papers urge complia^ice. The general impression is ttiat Senator Toombs hasleftto our;Ibehind them.AMOS KENDALL.UnaMsTHiws,and as>erts that if tlie Legislatures of the States could bind them to a perpetual Union, then tbe people ofThe Bee ol Monday has tiiis incidentAgentleman of this cl^ (a well-known lumberTo theA few weeks sinceby fleet Thaie'j!of tbese Unitedattendance is particularly requested."—the peopleThe rebels bad, indeed, approached the city, butnotone foreignertortoe Bouibonj!We beseech thee to bless tne peace. especially;bad been In manner anyor molestedthem.IIndeed, theyimpression —positionsThe bank men say they purchase New-Yorkthoofh rented to the lucky Mr. Lawbbbcb tor a merely iH*aiin>l sum.We tavewhat is gobg on in all the other Aldermanic Districts of oar City. Men like Wm. F. HaTemeyer, JohnH discounttotheir theylionor and safety, would unitedly pre-rqiortedtlilt;pedientkg his iMMllliiuals to eonnect their destiny with the MAasASB and others. After some remarks on the leading citizens of Elberton."vice to await fuller Information before pronouncing:Paeiflc Statn if the Unioa should be dissolved. Cali- general subject, Mr. Ladssbs took occasion to ex- tonlaar BOWhere declare their purpose to adToeate plaio bis position as en olEcer of tbe Federal Govern-MISSISSIPPI.The Ticksburg Whig continues to fight steadily forthe Union, and insists that Mississippi, if the questionwere submitted to her, would condemn dinnntoBpayment for subscriptions, or in satisfaction for obli- gations due that office.you gave place In your paper to a few words "of gen- erous advocacy from your correspondent R." IIki eataUishaMnt of an independeolrepablie on thement. Many of my /ellow-citizens, said he, view theCustom-house as an institution for tlie purpose at eol-am encouraged by this to send ^ou thehai, prefacing it with the assuianca that tlie positionPadfieside.n, Jeetlng tbe revenue of Government. Tills ir true, as schemes 2S,0iby majority.clobed, now and fuiever, without detriment to theknaibayanotlKrport. ItwastMsa^rrassmant leadingmen,someofflieraprominentinourliistorrvl^s,compliedDarmsUdt We believe thii'i these at least premature,"YIHGINIA.;These questions, it says, of Unirai and disunion, taxa-of the writer Is such as to Um give«a RAa> CTXtABILT 90m rOK BU,!,—THX a,i>.entire ImowledgeTOfPWBUTODISmiOK—UNIOHMASSMUI- Stalebut it has oilier and higher reaponslbibtyTuio uuiricAar dsolabationb. KiOBitoaD, Sunday, Nov. If,be landcil on her vwharves free of any by no means follows that ber people will precipitate " We liave not met a man since tbe election who Pei-ho, whither be bad been ordered by our Govern- ited Blight tl1emselve^ into a civil war, because he Is defeated. yetThe fint number of tbe Hesilla Times,AiixonaTarritary,isjusttohand. ItsaysthatgreataxcttementprevailsthereonaccountofthedlscoTery<rf very rich gold mines in tbe vicinity of Pino Alto. and trial, it becomes us, as a people, to humble uur-selvtsbeiort God, and seek uot^i Him in prayer. Tne lAusps worth (10 to (20 were being dug up in any thrtatentn^ mid critical condition of the country atpublishedin;;SBAHsaAi, Tuesday, Aug. 28. I860.aiW if it were the sole object and duty"sounding" bim upon the subject of an Extra Set-Germany."Tbe leading article of tlie Potru of the 3d last, in-sists strongly upon the necessity both of augmeatiiig toe French Army in Syria to a larger force, and pro- longing its occupation for a longer term than is lim-'TiiglBia hai ovtainly gone for Bau byoveratO Betes. Allthacwattes have been heard from. Onehere loeea tlie State for Bau. ^00,000 by goingUX the VlBlften of the Gospel here are opposed toM bean held in Bath County, at own, and you blockade your own port morethoroush- election news arrived there by telegraph. Businesswith the English and French in absolute possession oftlds tbe lives andcity, property of American citizenswere safer here than in any other place in China ex-cept Hong-Kong or Canton. He felt no hesitation,therefore. In requesting Com. Stububs to take him 'on tbe 4to by a royal salute from the garrison, aad the up in tbe Hartford, the only American ship In these report that tbe Prince's Squadron was in sight, tmt seas fit for such a purpose. As Mr. Wiu might fin*! the salute was in honor of the late victory oa ttevvestet must br the and seal proven by (tficial p«perteighteen days since he left Portland.Squadron we^ hourly expected, and tiie steam4eadwt reaolntlaos wenly and effectually than ail tile comaned imvles of the world could do. T.'^e cotton, rice, and other producew as brought almost to a stand-still, and a paper, call- ing for a declaration of independence, was at once circulated, and received signatures rapidly, irrespec-—ABE FULLED AND rOB WHOSE BENEriTtit necessary to ascend tbe river, and tlie Hortforidraws too much water for the accom- this, SaginawPei-ho.The Timessaysdisnnlon. "Wv Horse" of the DemocracyTnilliTn,tiM•( TiigUa, says that tlie Minute Men^^ elsewhere, all vessels not cleared mustGreat bas been delightstrata of tbe Democratic factions,gravely made through a prominent Republican jour- nal, to tbe effect that no nominations for the Cl^ of-adopted opposing"eT«r inTsnted,fiiihiii Biaili, iiie-falanBi Virginia edita.aailUr. Waw's(fea yaaand accordinglyvHtht»i<Lady Pauizini arrtved at the Spotteswoode House oa Friday, and left last night for New-YorlL.in view ofto our ^c eopoiium of oai StaflMfeat Dsy let-organizstioaismust ttmk another port(o> H. i>9t >>!^n'e>, or run the risk of confiscatinn in tive of the party proclivities of the signers. Manyanewspapers,tween the Pitocess Auos and Prince LoviS of Hesao-of aaiU, eUtt by tkt laid law, the is vinced <u an unlawful cruiier, ker- ttlfand cargo a <aic/W prize, ker captain and crtw piratrs. Close tbe doors of tbe United States Custom-tbem makethe issue, then,iftheydare.Avon was on the lookout near tbetown of Portsmouth was thrown into great exetteflBeattJu VevemrrulU uiuUrmluutjUgMke orEddystone.ThenowonoMlwh».;^^g-,j,,^„^^^.arousedamongstthelower paniedthemasatender. Com.SraiBUira,like-,actlun may not have been clearly understood by all, 'and I hope the present exposition may prove satisbic-tber told that when tbe news came of the Lone Star fiag being hoisted in Galveston, the excitement be- came even more intense and wide-spread, and culmin-tory.rOBX or FBATER rOB TBI DIOCCEI Or SOCTB ated in theonce more in Houston, of thetartaed up fbr their benefit for some years. If the Re- confer before leaving tbe Gulf, strenuously iiim " urgedWestminster Abbey.About 300 members of toeIrish ar- BrigadeI— priicipalmenoftbeuppercounties onthefrontiermuscular and porter-hotUe politicians of Mozart Hallreach him from the be was tost Governor-General, who,__^^__THE ITALIAN REVOLUTION.Total Defeat of the Banrbaa Army.CABOLINA.Caildxs, S. C, Nov. 1, 1800.It aiids:" From what we learn of the views of some of theTo the Clerfty of the Diocese of South. Carolina:this movement will t>e generalthere,as soon as Lur-they men,sure, InIlfLcvxs liBXTBsis: 111 every time of public anxietypopularparticu-and awful of Divine apprehension thypressed great regretijiess,Be merciful to us, U God of our solvation, io this our day of trial aiid liecei^sity. Hear our prayer, and let """^"^comeuntothee. Lookdownfromheaven. we beseech tbee. UDon thewas Tdbik, Sunday, Nov. 4.States visit and ;:This notice for aConventian," headedab- havingtocarry out the true intent destruction of tbe Confederacy it regards as a con-aIt seemed quite family from tbe freedom withglons overilirowhisowTigovemment impossible, and all efforts (»bIrtMay of WA8n„orTM" 1||d«i)e«deBee Hall, in Philadelphia, with aie h^^eii^-      ^^«*--3aiii»(«ag^^SI^®&justifyIng ol these Sonlbem gentlemen, when they wasathe Uqolds incandidate, and return fOr Vkt honorThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069— Appeals,who istoDalon hnposalble.It appeals fowiser than we tiiink thwa now. Howis it tlatSoalh-Untitled Documentislyhig dangerouslyiU atelect their officersparty" "known here—Mr. Hit chins had his thumb blown off by the'""'r,' "^^^enlightenPeople'sand the fact that no names were appended toand an posses- sion. Gen.So^MAzhasoccupiedMoiadiGaetaandpurposes to the ends ol truth and justice, of righteousness andmeetings.The " surdwereabove toe city.SiBSA, Monday evening, Nov.people of this Slate. Tl.ou, O God, sittest upon the throneWe have seen what their ef-caninjuredby foreignersMarch, unless Georgia secedes, To thee we make our prayer. Pardon the —MiLLXDosviLLB, Susday, Nov. 18. sins of thy people and direct all their wave. terests, and her honor, and her safety are identified,i. outsidegross exaggerations. All North Alabama, it states from The preamble of the Convention bill reads as fol- And, O God, Father of our Lora Jesus Christ, and Re- direct information, is strongly opposed to disunion,hisfac's,lows:Wktreas, The present crisis in national aflfairs, inthe judgment of this General Assembly, demands re- alstance, and,deemer of all mankindand cegrees of men among us, and subdue their willscanvassingproprietorof ex- perience and every artifice of stotecraft at Uieir.com-The first, second and third sections ol the bill re( t j tka, aad the awaber of delegates to which each coun-Republicans, by wayof ToBT LAV?aL»cs, brother to Tom, who sometimessaid that they would have shown thatpose even a crevice to Ids lance's poinu .^nd yet It was tliis subtle ruler who oiigiuateJ ihesc.'ieiiioof an Italian Confederation, w uh toe Pope al its head—a po-ty la entttM. ThefboitbsectionreadsthatsaidConvention,whenassemhlwl, may consider all gdevances impairing or alecilBf the eqiality of rights^F the people of Geor- Cia, as members of tlie United States, and determine ttieliUcal scheme so ImpracUcablemeasure and time of redress.be done" In a labored article. As a matter of fact, it Congress, they Ibiok, has the right to legislate for Thomas Lawszkcs, the predestined can- tation. porter—Mr.^^^^^^ FBR80NAI..from the clouds which sometimes »"«o>f" '«,f"'P«??;perceptions. EvIdenUy toe passionsmode,The fifth sectiontoesegrMtprovidespurelyits origin solely inJier^oLgcs arc so strong asthej do not know tlie strciiglh ^tbe ^legates, and said Convention siiall by vote fix al Ithe pay of all their officers, and anydeiegateor dele,^nu"o"f^<'ne/'^.^^^for the amount 'topay {alEims that Mr. Liscol?i's election is asectinn- tbe territories which, of right, belong to the freemen didate, being left below to carry on his profitable busi-of the United States. In these doctrines see ness in alcoholic liquids. . they^^ maf^'^^II:;i]motion of thy glory and the of happinessthy people.Ij:\Ias to have was conlirmed into anger or derision.to the bles.<:ed Gospel of the S'^n of Godvention. ItthinksthatthesameistrueofGeorgia.of our great need and perilverygood-,pour tliy spirit upon all ordersand men of that sentiment wdl control the State Con-peopletheir hearts order their ;the Union""confidential," may strike the public as rathirEuancxl, army bey.u'ddispersed Tents, wagonsMO.NTCOMERY—THE STATB have been made, and all hope shall have passed." cated Tbere can be noThis hour, it thinks, has not yet come, and it favors the between Republicans and either of tbeRepublicanscelebratingtheirand i.ati<'nality ,I•of coercion.crmcu ui now plainly anMoHTQOMSET, Satiirday, Not.inier- whom the late has been. struggleparties Standing upon thehope of their recovery. A similar accident at Albion re-"'/"•"r"v' irmilid' ,,„ In a- ..rwnclmi'ig majoritiesleader of the Bell party of this State, were nominated by acdaaation.who formed the meeting.This cue being given, a young gentleman of thet'"' ""''J |i,,isi .^^.'f.., i!.s^c.-.-s.17. this countyconfilcUngSecretary,"and toe still more over- ^""Y,.i,s of ^ icTO.1 Emasdel, have now wheln.ini; -"" Bourbon tias now litUoNov. IT.ch. l^iea—i,of tbe RetinbUcan policy, but thatcan-the South canagreethe other parties. We must pre-to prejiare resolutions expressive of the will ofis talked of aB a probable member of Mr. Lincoln'sirict—beating Mr. Perry by over 600 in the majorityCounty—is considered a strong argument in favor of,p|,e despot'ua-^^^__,j ^^ ^j^j^^^ ^^ ^ caU bis own.I 'Iafc*day-pfStr^fili.Vrd-to"U'f.ols>"Rai" ^^ SWle^«LJ«g.^^afnhd"t'h,e^S?oo't"h."'^> '""'1 h„.„ .,.,„,. .  -..^^d;i^?^i?'i^^:^^.,(.ii)ii/"«'ii=-. iiint'l thr asthe"People'scandi- AslaveinCharieston,S.C,haseamrJ,by :.:,.il:,f„rtifi.-cU,y,isrx. ,umintofmaking one more effort towhich a motion was made by''•;'|.g' jiardiaia.A maaa meeting of the citizens ofwas held this morning at tbe Capitol to nominatedUates fcr the Convention. All parues participated.Mr. Wjj. L. Yahoxi and Mr. Thoicab H. Watts, the uript uvdir an authoritative guartattyffmntke Norths fusion.eMs in the Un'on."policy of tbe Government, as established at its farma- tlon, we are resisting a beady torrent of revolution,sulted In serious injuriestothree individuals.vorof:!id!<Jecountry,byourMozartpersuasion,—The in N. postmaster Orange, J.,'""' It be 'nj,l„ country is overrun with it mayreconcileAs matters stand," remarks theafter"t" live underthe GovemmentofLiBOOLir and his party,—Hob. Win. of Pennington,we do not see howtrn t>t„tra </ the tnum, that every cause tkatkas madeJi'; ublican,onserve our distinctivepointedthe 1,1, a i/auopinionspreceded us,"""'The seed of liberty has been sownand odious shall rff, ciiMiiy ri move,!. This alone can preserve theMajesty.prisoners token at Capua Yoaieidayourtroops,commajidedbyKingVic-beaot yet resigned, but he says he will do so on tbe 3d of iudgirg right. Our beans are open unto thee. forts at Union-saving in this State have accomplished for tbe confidence of those engaged in getting up thecut Kentucky loose from those with whom her In-Affairs are much quieter since Wednesday night, Make them obedient to thy blessed wlQ, aiid given aid and encouragement to those who war any call. It was a most mysterious summons, andand acceptable in thytaking strong people and thouconservative ground. The effecttliat it proved as oil upon the troubled waters, and all parties are now disposed to act coolly and consider- ately.spireTo-day the Convention bill passed the Senate unaid- may be righteous in thy sight, and such as thou will will be listened to and heeded by the South."sent asight,spirit of wisdom, of courage, and of a sound mind. SsDCtiiy and rule their hearts by tbe mighty power of the Holy GhosL Save them from all error, and in-moosly. The election of delegates takes place on the bless, p.'osper and establish. Bless our Governor and The Louisville Journal asserts that thewhen Mr. Stipbxs s made a great speech,proposalsubsequentlystand by the Constitution, maintainassert boldly, yet mode- rately, firmly, yet temperately, our rights under theand occupying such a position, we canArriving at the Assembly Rooms a few minutes be- fore tbe time, be was politely directed by a muscular Christian with a dyed moustache, who stood on guard at the door, " to step down into Tob LAwaiscx's if be wished to see the boys." Rapidly obeying, he enteredNov. 5. Total defeat of toe Bourbon army," andshowsmaysteral Assembly of tliu State, now in session, with the— leadershipand guide their that so their decisions counsels,;bold the North in check, and our cotmseis and adviceupon him. The report excited no little indignation, nexation to Sardiiiia."dominionBembers. From tlie IndicatioDS given in private cor- Union, and give pence to its parts." Conscious that opponents themselves. We need not appeal to the not distinctly hear, but who acted as poll-clerk lastthis propusitioiiacting10 drive the last Austri:m out of toeu-''7il::^°'}\'^ TMf?<'^tbe comtwied u}"!^''' lV^"M"S?«S^Tn^/„ 1,,,^"N''a^t'i"o"n"a"l" Co°n»v'ention, tocame a candidateassailed forHon. C. H. Laraliee, M. C. from Wisconsin,'.•.uiiiiy.'I'lieetnpirc be read.I,objectionablenil- icaiii.The Convention will be composed of one hundredrespondmoe froat leading men in each county, at the piesciit state of in the UtUo records of Washington, Jefferson, Madison, .M.ison,whose could assigning himsomepost of trust and honor.;'"""!,". J, cr ^he It-.iUan Pentosula; it bas taken;tbe truth on tiiis subject a". " for bisGov. highin of the office. chargeRepublican journalHe admitted meiuis that no Republican nominations shall be made, fe.vdays ago fell through the floor of hisnot be rcadvanyplace us once more Sn thewe Ikfy have got and that we ourselves by tbe reasoa-the family present,meetingthat i^bien selected as the saviorsof our coimtry la IKO Biay catch some of tbe patriotic fire that animualVn xentlemen come to ixacbangeof senttmeattlWhen the free drtAs Iiad been doly distributed, quite an excited discussion arose asin Cbaileston and Savannah, at it to together, and, agreeing upon tbeb: own exposition oi ^areat, we cannot swerre mmTfctorjr bylowing note from Hun. Aaos Ksbdau:to tbe united counsels of her sisters."Tbe Commercial Bulletin favors the calling of a them,SAPIER.Wasbihstob, Friday, Nov. 10, 18(0. To Ihe Editor of Ikt Evtmug Star :nentrals,tbe rights under the Constitution whicu deem ex-our comae, or pause waalnitaBt We mast adhere to oar priadptee.caseinfull, asasampleofCrownte'ir baMlABtional to the we still believe that OB tuestions North,From boyliood I liave considered mvself a Demo- of the whole country, flhe only possible way to ter- and hostile leaders T Republicans, you most not yourapacious District on the occaiion deaorilied will be repeated Inall the other Districts ; and we shall have either Mozart candidates put up, who wUl subsequently be indorsed by Mozart Hall, or tlie Mozart Hall men willtke S«vtkem Payers Say. crat, reared in the school of JirrxasoR, in whose minate this disastrous condition ofsteamahip VaaderbiU^ Commander, from Havre on tbe 7(Cwords or acta I challenge any one to And the trace of a tbooght giving color to this doctrine.1 have some claim to be beard by southern people. Like hundreds of others In the border Slave Stites,! havesoiTeredbyalwlitlonthieves. Whenatthehead of tbe FostHiiBce Department. I incurreU Tiolant de- nunciations by denying tbe right of tbe abolitlouists to distribute their incenaiiiry papers and documents inyour purposes, in the tmth of your opinionsstead-The New-Orleans Delta predicts that if the present — KXW COXTBOKUI—THX tbe tiootliem States ftae maUs state of things continues in less than a month New-oAT.AiKn, or BoncB oaboliha,offo8>d to 8B- CMROa A ^UIFOBIDnxa un tbb rawnn iLXTc uw, ito.W^jansioB, Sundar) Not. 18.Bioicx, Esq.,andandan operattoitirough United Statesand postmasters, by justifying tbe postmaster at New- Tort for refusing to maU them to Charlesten, and tbe people of Cbarlesuin for seizing and burning them In thestreet. Moreover,1amanoldman,whosepoliti-CORKRAN,•to lose or fiunllies to leaveIn tbe brief article which isquotes the form of ratification of toe articles of Con- federanon, uhlch were rigied in bebalf of South Caro-bon forces.the troops, and in Sankwere 11,000 prisoners taken at Capna. Tne BoarboiibyLaukbhs,Dsattoii,a Bell andMr. L., who received his visitors with much cordial- ity, said they were all the more welcome for that fact. Tbe conversation turned the state of theWh. Hssit RicBAss HcTBOK sud ThobasHikstJobb Hatwasd, Jr.,appended,—as tbe Is not before me the Tihbs, as well asinourMr, Kinsau,date,Officer Sbrh IzAsn went to the hotel, arrested tbeStates,tbeoriginalsoveieigns,coulddotbesame Special "upon excitedpublic mind in the South, ai the anticipation of idsTbe voting in Naples on the annexationqoestloiiThat they did do so Mr. Ksssau. show in future articles.him, snd locked him up on tbe charge of trafficking elecdon, (of which he expressed no doubt) and he great force. The tenor of these remarks was such as had resulted In1,302,CM ay«and noes. 10,312thing.proposestowith slaves." Mr. WHinrXT he came sayswent on tosaythat in hispart of the when a country,SOUTH CAROLINA.HZCI8EITT or A CCET0JI-B0U8X AT CHARLESTON— young man who has gone up Red River, and did notways professed to be Uw-abiding and Constitution-placing their reliance on tbe ConstltutloB andtheseTo show its faith in the ability of South Carolina tomeet her obligationB, tbe Memphis Avalanche offers totake at par tbe bonds which she proposes to Issue in judgment against tbe aoeuted, and a few days after" It is remarked that accordtog to the recent news from Venice, the Austrlans have suddenly ceased to send troops and ammunl'lon towards tbe Lomliard frontier."We read in the Vienna correspondence of the Lon-don Times" Positive information bas been given me tiiatneither Prirce Fbancis LtscHaasTBiB nor Coant Clam refuted to serve under Gen. vob Bbbidxb. It it said that an attempt is about to be made It induce tiie Baml to declare that the possession of tbe Qaa Inlateral bySFBXCHorTHENATALOmCEILheof. He declares himself to be a law-abiding citizen,;theLaws. Soiarashecouldbeshould be sustained to the fullest extent"things,voke a speedy arbitrament of the vexed question bymmorality, the patriotism of the American pe<mle. WM. L. MARSHALL,GEORGE HARRIS, DANIEL T. OREM,WM. PINCKNEY BWINB,P. E. Lbfivbband Southampton on the ttiis port yei^terday.the people in their sovereign capacity, it istbe control of tbe Leglslatu re, either national or State,:fast in triumph, as you have been in advenlty—trust- ing In tbe ultimate power of the good sense, tbefoltowing morning, arrived at Among the passengers by the VanierbiU are Com-the executive or the judiciarysuchaclimaxtiiat nootherpowerthanthepeople can settle it""who will withdraw at the right moment in favor of"the man who isINTERESTING FBOH CHINA.MoTCBieDtaoftheAaterieaaMlBlacer-Es- plaDBdaa of the RaBaara of Ua FaUare ta Protect Amerleaa Cltiaeaa."LaU Wednesday morning a man of decidedly genUemanly appearance and adaress arrived in this <;ityfromMobue,andputupattheSt.CharlesIlotel, registering his name as S. M. Whithxt. Certain in- formation has been furnished to Chief of Police Mo- Clsllasd, which caused bim to suspect WamnT of being an Abolition incendiary attempting to establish communication with the slaves in this ciiy. Accord- ingly, at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon tbe Chief andmerchant) vlsitiog Springfield, III., latelv, on someland business, was taken to see Mr. Liboolh by a citi-—the Sardinianand be can refer with confidence to saysmost of thethese communications was accompanied the ad- byihr as it goesof the institution, then tbe Custom.house might be tion and Conventions, peace and war, secenion and- sion of the late lamented General Assembly of Mary--•^laoi^:!.'-'^i vv,,.."' f.,.,''-rtbe breasts of the noble founders of theLOUISIANA. drjDCTiuDble,FROM EDROPl.Ittbiilaliied, as we thus Isd oai aslTea, tn out" If tbepiople of the States South would cotne cofmlf anea this nation bas lieen le happy, and has grown soanxious to draw off votes from candi- any opposlnadate in case Mr. Staxb should secure the Re|>nblicantemperate tone.; it has now reached:JfmtsI cannot refer to the—revolution are not party Issues they affect every land.and while Mississippi may vote for a These three lines from the Frankfort (Ky.) States-of the facts.The letter is as foUows:citizenalikethan this. If the port of Clnrlestaa were de- candidate for President becaosahe is a Democrat, it man areelsred a free port of entry, that ail goods sufficiently explicit:Our Mr. has returned from Minister, Wabs, justtaxation, still there would be a necessity, an abso- Again we say, there need be no fear nf Mississippi* considers tbe election of Libooui a sufficient cause for ment. When Mr. Wasb left Shanghai, he knew thatby treaty.The Prince of Wales had not arrived on tlie 7tb—lutenecessity,foraCustomorClearingHouse. Itutkt law of all civi-iztd natUnu that the natiimaiUf of a make the issue, by an overwhelming majority. LetadissolutionoftbeUnion."THE CITY ELECTION.She u-ill vote dmtm disunion, whenever the factionistsTEXAS.The Galveston Ifews of the 10th states that there"houre before South Carolina estahUshea one of her was the most Intense excitement at Houston when tbe 8ITENTB ALDBBMANIO DI8TBI0T A "CONriDEH-hoisting,flagPope'spublicans are to support People's Nominations," the to remain, at least, where a communication could rived in Dublin from Cork on the eventog of the 3d—couf'8 success is known."and the Pewterhave no lackTbe Navanos lys ;" A movement is on foot here to organize amilitarrExpressaand all of themqaaatity. Parties were realizing from $4,000 to $S,000 present calls upon ls for t-uch aMmiliatiuu and suppli- (Company, to be armed by private subscription with mises or hopes of appointments in the Street or City Wabd requested the Commodore to go down to Chu- The following official telegrams contain the onlydally. Judge Nial is mcation be fo'-e God. lh;ivert;it it my tiuty, therefore, Hall's breecb-loading gun. A great deal of enthu- Inspector's Departments, provided Mayor Wooiicansiasm and the will be carried prevails, projecttWouah. It is high time the South was taking some*foo,20O miles belowand there to await theroute to Washington with eOcial dispatches from Gov. Owikb about the mines.to set forth the enbum^ prayer and collect, to be used beiore the two riual praye'S of mumiog and evenfa>r service, on all occa>iuns during the ensuing sessionsecure a Board of Aldermen who will turn outthe pt^e- sent incumbents and confirm his nominees in their places.Pei-ho, dlspatchtngat once toparticulars that have been received of toe last greatGEORGIA.rABBAOI or THX BILL TO ABU AND E^VIF THEwere to hold a meeting, to consult on the course to be pursued to sustain their rights in case Lucoln isS.proceedingsFridayeven-great alarm. Mr. Ward Immediately left the Hart-on the Union, and the Constitution, and the our reporter had all bis ctirioslty aroused as he equalitTthat so webe our God. Endue tbe Gen- of the States. Let us, then, have no more of their hastened to the scene of action.maybe thyfor themselves and their wares, lied about the condi-tion of Inthings Shanghai.These troops have Gen. Kami.let usthe equality of the StatesConstitution"mlUion three hundrednotbing which can be stigmatized as sectionalhad hisat Goldsboro, a few days ago. He succeded in lined course, and agiunsi wluch Ca^iff}*?^" A Con!• tbese principles of Constituiional law, and of national policy, let UB stand firmly by them. We have passedcaught a notorious pick-pocket,by thebecause we are assured of the fact Marshall, Randolph of Roanoke, Jefferson Randolph,such a suggesUon, it makes McDowell, but learn from men nownameour Reporterh^h»av of a jy*J^^"- a.semble en ih!^We have but to sar. thaiI,thehopeli-.'ne- s or" a new cami>ai!!n-if "fST'^y-^*"*^,1waitingpartake theyJudge Eccleston, of the M.irylandprovoked a'al vin!i,*iiMSovereignloogtnge«a«cAh gee » ccordtngthe platformof that;I have beenparticularso that people may be adorned with tnat righteousness which bccometli a uaiiun. and blessed be thee fjrevermore.that we, secure in Thy political evil, whicli local law defends, and with Ko\,KX, a gentleman of leisure, who Is supposed to defence, may be preserved evermore to giorifv Thee, which they would not interfere directly or indirectly. have nothing in particular to do. Also, Mr. Lo.no Os-the course of opposition to the picsent Administration and Its em- events. Take, for instance, toe most astute and most;» ho art the only giver of peace, prosperity and safe- tv, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.Beenreceiv- ed at lirst with tocroduUty, changing, w""'^'*« °*f°;thyemploymentof a house which makes no secret of itsmand, continuallyrespectingll'atreas,ltisthe privilege of the people to deter-Ine tbe mode, measure and time of eucn resistance, Through Jesus Christ our Lord, to whom, with thee ADDBESS Ur THE LATE IIABTLAND BEPDBLICAK FuLBES, commonly known as " Mat," who now keepstoe FrenchI,;land have issued an address.to tile time of election, the meeting of the Conven- dedvcr us, we humbly beseech Thee, in th'S tne ilay introduction. Slavery they recognize as a social and gives assistance round the house. Also, CHAai.z3tkerefoie,Tbe General Assembly enacts that tbe Gov-and The Holy Ghost, be glory and dominion, world Withoutend. Anit-n.CANDIDATES FOB ELECT0B8.The late Republican electoral candidates in Mary-the head-quarters formerly called Brisley's. There was also Nicbolas Halxt, a carman, very active as a Mozart politician. Also, Wb. Kans, a peddler. Also,shown themselves just and honorable men, givUig fullcredit to Mr. Wabd's promptoess, aadfCxpressingstrongly their displeasure at the officious correspond-ent who has sent such false Impressions home. It is lists w'itu him mdst look well to toeir armor, nor ex-eraor issue bis proclauiatiou, ordering the election on «he Mh of January.The Collect.—O, Almighty God, the Supreme Gov-ernor of all tilings, whose power no creature is ableto rtsibt, to wlicm it belongs justly to piiidsh sinaers. ciples which bold as and be mcrdful to tliose who duty repent, save and theyter of human affidrs, he has towarted andREPUBLICANISM IN A SLAVE STATE.— Emperor. He has shown himself a consummate mas-bow to thewho is Clerk of Jefferson Market and an office- holder under Mayor Wood. Ail tbese were ready for action, and when the hour of meeting arrived, theyof theas growing out of the Consdtution, and reslstant:e toThose whoTheysupremacyFugitiveSlavelaw,BOaiti,:thesuspected was a New-Yorker, found that be badwhich How do you, Toby," and That's your sort, Oaught with uncertainty that it should only be ven- victory atone, has made us safe here. Let us not put know every other man, and wfien a "friend of the"name of DavidNobles."hlsuergtiEor^V.. al.rm,"' only eddiesIt in the of our tured upon when every effort for reconciliation shai powerexplosion fof a cannon, atopponents, by an insidious un- ion, to renew the difficulties from which we are extri-Middleport,nr^edbyall.settled tliat nioie tii.iiiThey set forth tbe prin-it they hold to be as unjust and as Immoral as the vio-The Savannah RejruUtran discusses " what should lation of any other obligation of tbe political compact proceeded up-stairs in a body, followed by our Re- ing no reputation to lose, risk notbing by misrepresen-lookclearT]ly than togeaim>leayers,'prxo-viedribii'anl^ly ,"*= °"/,.f""J^GEORGIA.resu.lutiso «"'•"•'" -:~aa fanatical hatred or the insiitutlons in one section oftriumph bypartywluch had—sympathy or union of actionthere were decisively hilarious cheers. Tobias Law-Kxncx was then nominated for tbe responsible post of"Nicholas IIalit that a Committee of three be ap-New-Jersey," the powerful, wealthy, and Intelligent gentlemen" Cabinet. Tbe large vote which be polled in liis Dis- As no >iiipior we shallWe know that we are sustained in our views by tliethe Seventh Aldermanic District, as by representedbeing,be lost in con-1'produced the movement no sto-Wore even Ausria to a galain a lew toe strife must yearsof the statesmen who haveboth in the Northern and Southern sections of our.;Onfive or forty of tbeing for tbe most part runners and bangers-on at Jeffer-son Market and tbe Police Court thereto appended. for Information concerning rogue, whomon thetheHallitwasfoundtliat atioutCol.UcRae,of NorthCarolina,pocket this Citybeak- tocin and al. Europeanaffa^ ^er»ma« ^^^jitfS'^thincer^withwiith iIt Idiuiindr.;r '"'"*»;'",;',;„?.,!„„-tCTolBtlwir How istbatsyatemsof tboidit^a miaB are to oie-FOUR DAIS LATERArrival of tbe YanderbilLzen olinterview tooka former resident of this The city.paperaadbetohimselftillsnomination. Someof theirs, that the lii* frIendBhIp for Gxoxoi Suaa which made himSibing, on Friday evening, Nov. 16, 1^60, at half-past 7 o'clock,atJeffersonMarketAssemblyRooms. Yourhis return.ofattacked and1I,000ltbeinvitation,hardlythoughttoargue iiighlyhad tbeotoer:delayeverything here as quiet as they had left itmeeting that their cliaracters would give weight toA large body of Bourbon troops arms and opium, and who, to secure a good reception toe fortress of Gaeta.where he found dominoes in a little side room, while others were actively caucussing andthe tavern the kept bywith theExamining these groups with some attention, it requir- ednosecondglancetoassurehimthatallthesmaller lights of Mozart Hall in the Seventh Dlstrict|were here emitting their combined radiance. There was Matthswhi6_unavoidable absence. The writer of those commu- which I'i-irices and Ministers, wito every lightentering"thirty- people" were present, these be-was nominated for President of theprematurewhen thevictory, and two other men, Messrs. Smith and Mur-were so seriously that there is little ray, injuredtide whHich IM..s.-;reeonstructed,attheirthoughtthatitwas.betrayawantoftlNxigbtandjustoonsid- indonementlease l^om tlw Mayor of tbe Jefferson Market build- leasj ky tlie ezam^es of the aMn under wtoaa cnM- ings, widch are worth folly five thonsand a year,demands_ Boral sentiments of tlietr leUow-eltlafeM.fealntlielTblghnponthebtelileence effort on Mr. Lawbibos's part to retain his present IMPORTAIIT sews fromthat plain issue ttiere could be found conservatism lalted nnder that name to retrtere the S«*«naant Jaeah Astor, WlUton O. Hont, Moees H. GrlnneU, RESULT OF THK VOTE ON AMBXATIOK,Koea* Taylear, Samnel J. TiUea, aad so forth, are not very likely to -reeelve nominations ttom anch"People's Conveatlons" as B>e one we have described; jealous alliea, watch andyet,iindcTonr present tystem of party organiza-popularezprasalonaofwill"arepoe-The annexed anlole was prepared for the Comtitti-{1011, but its editor, avowAg kxmttlf a sectMsionLit,closes bis columns aga(n»t the friends of the UnionlliewritersforbispaperdeooonceasnotmeDemo- mindsofthepeople,derangingourcommercialand publicanParty,uponpifnolple*elearlydefinedand suchdearonstraUoo,withaviewtowardsseeotlng crate all who deay this new doetrine of secession, monetary affairs, depreciating ttie value of every spe- proclaimed everrwiiere. How can we approach himthus setting up a new test of Democracy. cif s of property, and afiiBCtiiig tbe general prosperity now, under another name, imder ambiguous banners,enoogh to give us security and tbe faith in it, whichAnd before ttie of proofsare essential of partspeace.such a combined efifort, even Sooth Caroiiha would; party, gathered epifrom the diattered reaiains of oar late enemies, aaft withgive way StateConventionwiththeleastpossibledelay. Itas anaedto fetter Us iriU, pervert hit poUey, <ar ia- Bible. The(Hna itsabeiietlaia, aad reMore its poUay to ttat ofits feunders. 'We eaa reoondae ao aewacmidaulanswe wdhaothinT can anileMATH OF SIR CE1RLS8orover the AdnialstraUon of the man of our choice, tion, no otlier "Mozart"Suspense and uncertainty are dlstractiiig tbe has been elected a* a Repnbticaa, by oar neat He- ao other bustaets to attend to, wUl getcontrol of everyProbable Termtiiatloii of CUna War.The United BUtes maUpatronage of the City Departments to theiris to pro- cannot do so. You are confident in the integrity of grasp. The scenes which taranapired In the SeventhFRANCIS S.GEO. EDWARD WISS, ISAAC OEHR,all right"troupe,Southfrom New-York three years since, and has been man came among them they were in the habit of givington. Elbert County, Ga. He came to this city with a was all he wished from the South, The South bad al- their own amusement—that the taldng of the Taku The Paris correspondent of tbe London News says :accompany him furiher, as be heard of a school inlovingforts was to be attended by them as a fine spectacle.With a sense of justice, which I should be to gladwhich recom-aai"at"Ma""whi~c'h—b^e''b'a—d once held, wai flnurinuat his could not be induced towithdrawal,Vic^CBing here is, that Mr. Ward deserved gratitude in front of the bar. promjitto him wito supplyguidebut others of tbe wiser sort saw In It an;iDch a Board of Alderman as wiU tlirow open theput up bogus candidates as thePeoide'a nominees,"modore Stocxtob, U. 8. N., and familyRiobabb Taa;EditorqftheNtu>-Yorlt :ex-Maryland bas been approached, with a view of tracts from a private letter just received from Shang- Austria is necessary to toe security anil weU-beinf orThe Baltimore Patriot states that the Governor offollowingPeople's MamlaatloBB."—TIAL" people's lEETIHa ROW THE WIBESbe^Vlahy ererywhere re- garded by Democrats of the muscular and porter-bouse persuasions as the very "biggest tiling" ttaathastberoundoftoeby proposition other man of any judgment here, fully acquiesced In abroad, on the subject of a supposed eagagemeat be-Muglar, are active in the matter, most of them following To meet these views, and at the same timeofpolitics forineitherwill see that candidates. TheMozartevent of tbe forts being taken, would atpro- to obtain tbe earliest intelligence from Shanghai, Mr.living,havingtheShanghai, to bring up the mail and a report of theGod continually in prayer, that we may find grace and public meeting of the citizens of Marion County on the plan is likely to work, we cannot cite a better in- threatened by the rebels, and that the people were in Kiii^ Victob Emanuel, has gained a brilliant victoryIn time of peace wetheatre, fell, injuring himself badly. The perform- it shall be so uted by you \ and let us ail come before In the Jefferson Herald and Gazette is a call for a As an illustration of bow this "People's Nomination" turned to Chufoo, with tbe news that Shanghai was The Piedinontese army, under the command ofsteps towards self-protection. Last night Pstxk Richuiqb, while performing at the or sessions of our LeKi^ialure. Let me request that should prepare for war.' "condition of this place. On the 21 st, tbe Saginaw re-ance was suspends.Gov. Wisi is at home, and Faioa ditto.consult on what the South is to do in the stance than the emergency of Liscoui's election.help in cur time ol iiecd.Verj lespectfully, your brother in Ctirist. THOS. F. DAVIS,Bishop of the Diocese of South Carolina. O, Almighty and eternal God, who, dvielllng bi the6th Inst, t >On the 241h ult., the citizens of Brazoria County ing in Jefferson Market Assembly Rooms, where a ford, in which Commodore STSiBu.to hastened back army, attacked in front wito great spirit by toe troops,STATE—8XXAT0R TOOMBS—QOOD XrrECTS Of heavens, rulett over all, and governest the nations elected.KENTUCKY.HB. STEPBEHS' gPEKCB, ETC. AaecsTA,Ga.,Sunday,Nov.18.The bill appropriating $1,000,000 to arm and equip Georgia is a complete law.Tbe Louisville Courierwhich compelled him to leave the Gulf before thepursuedEuAKDKL enters Naples to-day.upon earth, <ti»|>enslng to all their destinies according to thy holy ano righteous will, we acknowledge our euiijc uependence upon thee. We humble ourselves beiore thee, under h deep sense of our own unwonh-an anonymous Circular on last Thursday evening, of necessity which the following is a copy :"COKFIDIHTXAL,You are respectfully invited to attend a Meet-the and afterwards oc- enemy,the ofholdingUnionmeetings. Theyarenotneeded.It says, to tell citizens of the Gulf States that Ken- tuckians think they are acting prematurely, or to as-argues againsttime he hadtheonce call upon Mr. Wabb.course of events—held on last" People's candidate" for Alderman of the Seventh to Shanghai, while tbe Saginaw steamed up to the and in flank by the fleet dispersed, leaving to onr District was duly and quickly placed ia the field. Pei-ho with our Minister, who felt it necessary to hands tents, wagons, stores, and a very large numberAbout forty-five or fifty men in the District received communicate to the Russian Minister tbe reasons of prisoners.appointed.but Mr. WardSuch was his speed, indeed, that the Saginaw was here again on thesamedaythattheHartfordarrived. TheyfoundKinjiThe numberbeen disturbed only by their fears.toeimmense number of prisonersthat thewould welcome them an Impresston derived from our own people, who went among tbem, selling themin this notice of Mr. Waed's movements, because it bas been reported here that the last mall took out some communications reflectingFromthe LondonTimes,for efforts to serve us, rather than censure fornications is known here to have been a clerk in theSaginawof tlje Italian^formployes in general. In this case, however, they have successful politician of toe conttoeutsummary and serious manner had not ourthe man who haaanatured Minister lnter<^eded fordone his best to injure him. It Is a pity that our Pres* can be influenced thus by men who have no oppor- tunity to obtain correct information, and who, hav-„.v..'» no yrophtt^.: vts-.on to'' \erona, asut aad concluding by placing in nomination Thomas mill at Horicon, and sustained severe, but not fatal, ,„,. J, m,i su)lrnlrj iimrching oal of the peo-thestated, tkct inB9 afjo, an* s^vtnem ip—^i^ <late" for the Seventh Aldermanic District This to buy bis liberty, preferringyetaorsl,ive in bondage.werefrart.'d and .iirtorlcd 'jy pe-UcBcnheld tbe vlewaL on Eiava ,iand that,daniir mediums,foundationadjournedof his hospitablehad assisted tohadm theit *t Urnl pig j of.ir giaia.in but refuses the last five *-2 !W0,'c.,.'t ,1 1 ei'fre.If we SO'' tills,wellimaglnewhwith all the friends5a done,andballed "hi-his"by ofbeneathspeaker's feet,ivinthat tlic Czar Alixanpck au.l his MinaiUstesrorsteseoift too,the "thenbe-withit al I'rnfsi,,,, t-ibiii.'..la-:displeasureinMr.Baldwin,that in no even in Venetia, areaveryIxithintnls and countryvictorypeopleNaples, Saturday, Nov. 3.PRICE TWO CENT?.family,inclnding Signora Lorn bi La Sabta, ob their way taHavana.Tlie news by the Ymderbilt is important Onthe 3d of November tlie Pledmontetj crossed tlie GailgUano, and gained a great victory over the Boor-byon the Cth Inst tne 3d.Giuibaliij was in the oa capital:Paragraphshave made latelyon the oilier side of the The Bourbon Garigliano.Gen. SoMiAzThe Russian Minister ex- cupied Moia and positions commanding Gaeta.and common sense to hisjudgnicnt on them, more toan toe strange notionsoverthrown a succession of opponents, and tliose who enter toeon at toe are able to »«« "o" .tilive iiniddiiillecrcencc to utioce "^i^.T_^,L~,nrit,ljit was limits. He bring PTM'!" "> may:'iT^''^^^'^or ."^eng'i^^ ^-^*J* ke<»he i^y ^'"'oir'il'e-a^v'e^^^,eThc.rTMa copntentiifo tne arts olin the gie;il curiejt. a''^„^.'',h.. assertion of freedomhappyr injow? ''miu's.tV,fl^o'wTM°o°n,not theP'«7^.i,Xr"ne ^town, desire int re lo be who wouldbe ioiiiedto the Italian Kingdom, andh< oThe BayaL www.fultonhistory.com^ -^Sei