 3«TAJ«» * Wholcoiib's and Atwood's liverysloop-of-war, which returned some time since to Portsmouth, N. H.CoTEBT.—In this City, on Sunday mtlminsr. Not. 18. as AMD Bi rOUBTH-ST., M. IT. COB. BBOAOWAT. TmoBOBB Alsttkb. son of Leonard V. H. and Elisa-l>etli CoTert. to the ITth year of his age. Saperior Parlor, Libraiy.DtolBg and Bediasaa Pan*- atTthenedrbeilsatfiuvnesraln,df(rHoemndtsheorfestiodeenfcaemiorlcyhiasre toritedNot.o tore, of erair atyle, i^ea the Plata aad sabstaatW la INelegant and czpenslTe, at reaaoaable pneea.Intexiar IMwatioas, eiaani, to. Fter^MaalalGeodapaekedaadsUpfedtoall parts of the wsM.'AS FIXTUREi'i, &e., &e.STEPHEN PHILBIN, No. 707 Broadway,Offers for sale, at REDUCED PRICES, a splendid aa- sortment of OA8 FIXTURES.-Simpso.-!e UMl was Motenced to aeot U tbe State Prlton.jmn*Wt^e yggp-fltfttr %teiiftog,Busca now alleges that she did not mesa to make any Committee appointed Weihwsday erenlng for hohflag of in health. Considerable routine bariuess wasBBOOKLTV: YOn.NO MENS CHRISTUM*y»thirtrmayfreightwent to toe house of Jacob Lett, who has long beenrr with afcll! and aucceas. Awo,largebut aMKW8 VSOH WASHINGTON*ttmm af tha BiMnffe u' I>«cu»e»t».pMUl Di.p.tehio lh» N.w-TorkTlme» Wi»Hinoii)!>, Mond»y, Not. 19.letter. It Is claimed, does not contatoany positrve^BIlMi«»-^'**»ainleu AdTlc«»-Ke««»» f" «*• positions..MW. HBNKYta the Mexleaaeetfi af (heBrittoh Ml»l»«>—»"'«»•"*-*c.Ja.O.,WAKD BBBOHKBfull panelAs previously slated in the Tw*, Mr. MoLaue lowing named personsmiles, areragtog nearly 230 miles a day thrdilgh- tion.RAYMOND'S^ 31*-BroadwV-The Sedretary of State was closeted most of thererlewhiK that portion of the message relating to For - elgn afliilrs. It is understood that the message andtory and annexation, not conducted with carnage and was severely handled. Desirous of avenging hisCI uelty, for the objects which have incited nations to wotmded Labohx seat toe but levied and carried on that faith might be honor,be officered as follows : LieuL-Col. Mbbchakt will be brTothheer,reMliatlitvoens aStn.d frienadrse of the family, and of his John, respectfully tarlted to at-reports will be printed and distributed in ad-e. TheTariousBureaureportsarealreadycompMed. ___^__^ Q- DeMk ef m Sen ef Grmnt Tkorbiini.NxwAXX, N. J., Monday, Not. 19.Uior.GS C. Thoebues, of this city, florist, andtriumphant.Scott said he had had opportunities of seeing he stiginati2ed Obzali as anRilet, Sixth Infantry, Lieut. Qcattlxbacm. NInto Infantry, and Assistant Surgeon Shobt. On the arrival of toe recruits at San Francisco LleuL-Col. Mxbcuant willBorning, Not. 19,One copy forOne copy for one yearI**twenty One copy for two years(be Superintendent of Mount Vernon when the ladies look charge. He was biglily esteemed.must not be judged by apparent results.Rev. Abak Pob, of Cincinnati, said he had licensedo'clock, from No. 186 Mott-st.TuBiin.—at 10 o'clock. JoHH TcBiiEB, in the T9th year of his age.Pnbllshets. PraokUn-sqnare, New-Tort.^^abics,as sheto obtatoher, and she hur-C01.B, i72,MS imuwi, 2,27a. l«$,Ht.DODOUS, 160,349;Bill, 4,846;that too often the gave to God only that urged people—Dtbb. In Brooklyn, on Monday morning. Not. 19,;which overflowed—"I'm shot!" Laaomx and Immediatelytfled,VIre mt Rulmad, Vt.RcTLAn, Vt., Monday, Not. 19.moreRev. Dr. Hilles, of Wlsconsto, talked for ten mm- about 5 o'clock, she came out toto toe street with the The Saratoga relieves toe Marionday.) Nov. 21, atlSo'clock, fromhislatoreskleace. No. 399 9th rBT., corner ot 29th-st.The loss is about $10,800, which is partia^y cereted by jmairance.The OfleisI Tate af lUiaois.sin and Peoria conferences. "Bankfatoer.167 LexiogtouaT.. on Wednesday, 2Ist Inst., at U A. M.,nomUig'.CBIOA90, Hi., Monday, Not. 19.his disciples,Go ye into all the world and preachBkecx- The increase in the Tote since 1856 is^ SnmmtvSanthCaraUnaAshaie.of the South .East IndianaConference,dweltuponthemissionarywantsofthe alarm,hewasoutofsight. Dr.T.LalanvbwasatPrices Established for Seven Years, $40andupwards.Tiaeyard Sound. She got off on the 16th, and pro- ceedMl without damage.West. Bishopage.BaraiagFew are aware of the importance of checking aSold by grocers and druggists generally.of a 'Westera Steamer. LonsviLLX, Ky., Monday, Nor. 19.had no ex- Station-house. Miss Hess told Sergeant Soudbb that Board had Labohb lived at No. 23 West Broadway, and Officertend, witoout fnrtoer notice.Tbobbcbk.—In Newark, on Monday morning. Not. 19TnE BL'RCH DITORCE CASE.should be increased fromMissionary appropriations safes Boston.KxeltcmentHEWFai>erMillexploded,aerioualyandprobablyfatally BusUm. to property, $G,000.i^orHAS^ ^'Impriioo- and,it is alleged, handed orerlo Mr. Buboh. Mrs. F. PVBBT presided. After a brief uuasulUtlon, the VilT^^il"*^ ®?*^ Commlssloaer. os accomtt Hagera «AkyiM&in&AflSOCUTIOir.D. Struckman, Wm. Finch,todo m and remain until a successor could be deter- W. A. S. Barnard, H. W. Lyman and Alfredat the Bar on SundayLiqtroB-DiALSBs' Meeting.—The New-TorkChurch, Sunday last, Mr. BxiCBia announced ihat LoinsA Mosboi, a slave.'»; *Mpolntment,would accejrt, his commission, with full instructionsregularmonthlymeettog, last evening, at discharged. The Court then adjourned till 9 o'clock the Bleccker House. New members were admitted, toeAcollectionresulted in the ofwas lorwanled by the last Pony Express. Got. Wil- itK'i friends were opposed to his acceptance, as they eonteiaplated his return to the Dnlted States Senate, in the erent of Dr. Own's defeat.to-morrow.METHODIST MISSIONS.at St. PaaPa-Batlwatee far 1861- Addressee by Biahora and Clersraea.liquor toterest disciused, Including the late decision Ju'igeHoFniAs upon the constitotlonaUty of toeCiBCinT CorsT Calendar for Tcesdat.— Nos. 107,106, 10«, 110, lll,ni2, 113, IM, 115, 116, 118,BRANDRETH*S PILLS, » cenU perIW«it •lt.#*ayMX St.! j v.i^t^ w .«i-<g£ fctais jss4,-Bishop their andnonebutthose whoEasier,—the faith of the Church shone more brightly in such times. In England, when a crisis followed upon the revolution in India, the British Wesleyans had given more to the missionary cause than before.closer to God them. Afterbring out the loag-expectcd evidence which Dr. Natuaji Bang^ pronounced a benediction, and theAM) ECONOMICAL.-HI6EHAM k CO.'S Benzine for the^ instant removal of greaaeFrom Our Own Correspondent. Namktiuj:, ni., Friday, Nov. 16, 1860.has l)cen so assiduously colleced, tliey ser\-e to whet the public appetite. The Chicagocommencelarge partfound that aBenificlal when compelled to speak, suf- from Cold."Lowell, Maaa., Oct. 24.—The boiler for heating ftuffolk Mill exploded, killing Walter W. Briges, assistant-engi- neer, and BCTerely injuring C. C. Stearna, engineer.It will be observed that the above exploaiona, reported aince the date of toe foregoing advertisement, occurred to firat-claas estoblishments, and ta one tastanoe a %smspots, paints, kc„ &c., and forskirmishes of the coiini«i in the Burch divorce case do notAUliOughthepreliminaryto go through trials he hooed theythat you get the genuine article.papers get up flaring heads ofrich developments,"out"oftoecase. Anexammatiouofthe taconnectionwitothe mannertowhichthe burglary had been perpetrated, led the officers to sus- pectihat one of Mr. Jaqcet's employes had been en- gaged to it, and to consequence the office boy of toe concern, a youto named Ecuinl Mocille, was ar- rested on Saturday last by Officer Nitek, supposed toBROWN'S From their past effect, I thtak they will-eatcut,bestmade,fltting,and though there are no rich developments to tie read,the public buy the papers all the same, and eagerlydevour the legal lore exhibited on motions to suppress depositions, continuance, or other matters not calcu- lated to develop the points most interesting to thepermanent advantage to me."REV. B. ROWLEY, A. M.,President of Atoens College, Tenn. Sold by aU DrngglBta at TWENTY-FIVECENTS A BOX..aVshore exploded, and eighty persons were thrown into the Lake. Only the Captain and some of the crew wereclothtag, famishing goods and children's oletUM;, aatulation of this quiet little town increases rapidly. The circumsciibed hotels are crowded, and eren private3tion of brain 10 ;3 cholera mfantum 2 ;;to custody ere he confessed toat he had opened the tailment of litigation expenses, coDsequeot upon recent were killeu and forty or fifty scalded.safes wito a key wliieh he had had made expressly for decisions of the United States Courts, confirming the Niw-Hates, Not. 2.—The boiler of the factory of Danis taxed to meet the domiciliary ments of the occasion.men of hisance, named Fban'k Fat and Eui.ene Kasioa, had on the same night carried the watches to a room tahospitalityrequire-the and toat two purpose,youngacquaint-enable this to furni.sh theirmat if the Court will sit beyond that time, neither will take advantage of it. Ah Die Court has already exhibited its irllllngness toby Messrs. Flxtciibr, Haxbison & Co. The Jamrs \V.Balduin is to be finished to a very superior manner. day night a week ago, it was taken to Lett's house, She is owned by Messrs. Tebhpxf. k Rohbb, and will in Eldridge-street, near Canal, and delivered, but theproportioned to toe conaumption.TESTIMONIAL.A Beard of Practical Engineers of the Maaaachuaettsboth aides have =;;,,:: ,;i.-ufrom W heaton station, on ttienpir raimI nion KaUroad. li !>;«per, p<ttt-office. iwo or ti.ree dmr.Uos, two hotels, and " ''""'"*? mhabltauts, an.;, altkough notf^^5 THEBB IS MOvery rap dly,TXLXSBAPB,addreaa THOMAS'preaching,as Haar<eness. they prerentGarda. The boilerning regularly from Sale to Simoni. on toe opposite ._.consumption tofantile do 3 ; dences of the close and protracted warfare in con- do. ill head 10 diarrho-a 2kidneys15 dysentery toe house £io. 120 West Broadway, near Walker- range of material, ia attested by tens of lh'>u-and,< using acalded—another;templaliou. Mr. Eceoi is represented by Hosrae, 5Miller and Lewis, Walker, Van Arman and Dexter, 13 ; do. typhoiii 7 ;ly Injuring aereral peraons. One boy had bis akall fatally fractured.rSICB No. 419Tt)e array of counsel is one of the most striking stI-debility 46 diphtheritechines for family use and manufacturers in theoomer nfAgenU wanted ta all paru of the United Stalia.Hon. Vri Osgood, of JolletBarry, ol St. Charles, and all tlie attorneys of Naper-of Chicagoville. The defendant is represented by Beek- palsy 8Theasserted toeir and •^x- innocence,;with, iitni., of Chicago;;Judgeinflammation of bowels 6do. liver 2 doinfantile 22at firstgreat surprise that their honesty should have;Ireland S7;Geriu:my 19 ;J.Englandall coses of ture, however complicated. A viait to their establiah-Hon. O. 11. Browning, of;age 4.;:Hon. J. F. Fam?;\\orth. B. l».Caulfield,Ksq., 222 ;Moi itLE had first tried to sell the watches at a jewel-Chicagoseen, Lett hud havingabank,expressoffice,newspa-from the face. Also, PEHB'.Hrio. out a ONGUENT. that ls"»"'»""^,?^jSf, A^STtTorvices of bilhard and lager-bier or have been " missed," within a few- .aioon., and thriving their lives,TraTelers! DrlTC Direct ta the Mmltheonlaatheyof a rousing wood fire. In short, our city Court- An unusually occurred at thisspecial"lit' le. It should be found ta emylooms^Hearen save the mark—are palaces to thisone. Judge PuaaarouiT would suffer an agony of tor-ture by the slgfat of It, and the inexorable Supervisor with Uic Sabbath School. Brief and Twxx», who thinks the Superior Court-room good dresses w-ere m;ulc Rev.Aug. PLATED WARE AT UDrCBDenough for PruaxpeiST, would ihudder at the thought of doing business in this cabined, cribbed and cou- liued locality.fit (.'uarantcetl—noJOSEPHSEAL. JAMES DCNCAN;which he construed into a confession of criminality.1 (leVgstions from all the Wards beiuj present. Uu jvc«oi"'ion was slotted.A furlough of four moutli»1- ouu; of prevate.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069J lifFtlBS, ^o. >;:t llr()(|dw«y.(harg^ byAOAIla' KiFBSa* W"confession at all, but a onlyHer the primary meettogs in the rarioua for the transacted, when the Board adjonnied till WednesdayAiethia.ieasonpnnatiara .mnr AMD SPKVUt. STTLISOFMliirs WINTXB O&OTHHrO,con- fession of guilt. To-morrow there will be a long ar- gument on motion to suppress a number of these de-JRev. Dr. Puwsks,of the Iowaad- dressed the congregation. He said his speech was but a preface to the meettag, the characteristics ofcombatted the notion that two much money was ex-general penitence.Waida, appototmeut of delegalee to the Aidemanie, CoancQ- manic and other of candi-erenlnynext.Abbbdtofa Bbspiotid MiTBDKBn.—Officer[BT T>LSaaAPH.] NxraXTiLLX, HL, Monday,•'***•"arr4»ed15 days' passage, wlto a fUl cargo. She also made thecase to- day were |coi;fined to the examination of indlTlduaisQueens County, on Monday night of last week. He was yes- terday coBunltted to the cells of the Fifth Precincttroduced. He said that ta the injunction of Christ to tog,respecifuBy inrited to attend the funeral, f^om toe reaidenoe of her fatoer, William T. Baker, No. 1S6 Naasau-st., Brooklyn,Conference,Not. 19.yesterday momtog from Liverpool taKription. These who dsslre to csBbioe the ACMK OF ELSGANCBwito the SUPERLATIVE OF CHEAPKE38,Thewith reference to their qualifications as Jurors. A sea (tacludtog two days calm.) and sailed orer 6,500Hughes,alBed upon. Got. W«ll«» vfu then tendered the Waterman. The Jury was then sworn, cautioned by City andnightCounty Liquor Dealers' Protective SocietyUpon the first feeling of pain, youmayhe <tuite Utt-proceedingsin the Burch divorcetoon the voyage out and home has been only SO days atwas"finallyH. J. WUcox, Lyman CUf- out. A rate of speed probably nerer equaled, contto- PuBCHASS or C. E. Kinne,and recelTtog the assurance that he the Court to keep themselves free from prejudice and held theirwoman, was present, and wished to raise $800, which, tato that some natural outlet of the body is fn some waywlto »40e already In her possession, would free her. obstructed. Take at onee a dose of BRANDBKTBV:did not derire to return to Mexico, and only consented ford, Rawson Wlllard, Peter NJoorntahtrhuapn, DetxeUer, B. uously, to a sailing vessel before. The A. J. arrived toe erenlng service in PlymoutoWhat la Da.'ker. ». at < o-olMk.gamttt " TOPIWrMeetlBcThe meeting held at St. Paul's Church, inJas. Bbackis, numbering 35 muskets, with a handsome target and an assortment of prizes, among which was119, 120, 41, l«,The neas of the &U of Gnadali^ara and the deathof Gen. Mabquss has ezdted strong hopes with theMends of the Ltboal GoTenuneBt. It is fully cred- for Methodists. All the Bishops of the Church were Island, yesterday, on a shooting expedition. They Georgetbwn, Demarara, papers np to Oct. 19China, Glaaa> Chaadellera, Plated Gaada> dke.> At a great reduction for eaah.we are determined to sell, and will make It an object for those whs wish to bur.K. V. flJkUOHWOITT k•r the •iirlallia Bisiil li Tlllals'MhLDuring the absence of Coi. J. W. RtPicr, Inspectorof AuenaU and Armories, the Important duty of In-per bark Princeton, furnish the following itemsHon. Robbbt J. Walcott, member of toe Coondi,had died at Barbados, aged 78.Bridgetown was tovested wito thieves, who hadNos. 488, «)» andCO., Bnkdvsy,wiU beper- .teiaed ir Col. H. R. Caiie, who enters at once upok these duUes to the Southern States tmder detail-L0TX-6ICK VBENCHMAN SHOOTS HIS ITALIAN tITAL.a hostile message to an Italian plaster-cast maker named P.' A. Obiali, of whom he was jealous, but who was discharged from custody upon his promiseto the hair the ill effesti «t bad ;easaiag Tearspefltor for the Ordnance Departmentdyes remored stripped nearly every faonse of its copper gutters and iDTiaorated for Ule hTasing this dye. FaetarT,No.ed instiueHons fnun the War DeparUnent. The Sec- evening. These over,Rev. Dr. DcRan, the Secretary of the MissionBry" ADAM BEDE ;"before Justice Wxtsu on Wednesday last for sending perpetrsied by coolies, while the ciime of rape was •40 Parker Sewlac DlaeMaea. 940 And toat hi the next Nusdier (Hot. 9I> of H^tFBBVretary of Wir has not yet determined on a successorfearfully prevalent. Same few arrests had t>een made.At there was some little excitement rela- AntiguaFlBST-Oliap, DODBLB-THaBAD,aolseleas,underpatenUofHows,Grovec& WEEKLYanewNorelbyChaxlbsDicxxas,eatitledof British subjects in Mexico, who com-pteised of his sdTislDg them not to send forward priationshis woman named Susanstyl^ 49* HARPER'S WEEKLY will be sent grataitead^.snggestionamounted to $30S,400, while last year they amounted to $'J83,Ki6. Of this )1 19,000 was for workHbss,tog that she took every occasion which presented it-LXT, New-York New-Y'ork.Oct. 18, Lamplighter, Thompson, ^for a small simi of veryaiecie by a roniucta which passed safely through to Vera Crux, he refusing to give them any protection ifTenture d to do so.Commander Lausxs has been ordered to the NaTy-the extension of the missions toIndia, and Germany, and the support of five activetoeria,Louise Saiimis, second daughter of Chaa. Itheywork, ^SU,-residence. No. 207 Nov. 18, Miss RosiXAhad apresent, and sereral of them deiireffid addresses. Clergymen from distant parts of tlie country were there, too, to great numbers, and some of them spoke\o the people.Bishop Moaais oresided, and witlito the chancelwere Bishops Jasbs, Siapsos, Scon, BAxaa and Anis. Religious exercises occupied the early part of theabrought back the remnants of the target, and pleasant memories of toe day's excursion.Atteaipted Aaaaaeiaatlaa la Wllllaas-atreet.AFrom Brltlah Weat ladiea.Fourth-avenue.Usteventog,pectillarinterestsplendid gold watch, went to Clifton Park, StatenHAKPBK'8 MAChhXINB ainHARPER'S WXKELT.The Publishers hare the pteaaure t* snasiiariag tkltlthimto say that to the midst of the present financial diffi-culties the appropriations for 1881 were advanced overto be rellered is the constant demand on his time at the appropriations of the past year by $21,731. He to keep the peace, yesterday evening Tlolated hisRapid ud Baker, Wheeler kcharge of the Wash mt^aa. Aqueduct, and whose only reason for wishingCommittee,said ItgSTCgreat pleasureto be ableVV Uaoa, he.VBRHOK k 00„^o.«B» Broadway.toCapt.B«raAii,wholsstlUinUtc to the sudden departure large UabUiUes.of a merchantleartogthe fortiflcations around New-York.Mr. Wusiuv, late of the British Legation inMexico, anlTed here to-day with dispatches for Lordtook great pleasure to seeing the unanimity and faith agreement wito the Magistrate and made an attempt of the men of the Missionary Committee, who made to assassinate his rival by gotog to his workshop andimmigrants from Madeira.Arrired at GeorYgoertko.wn I2th, brig Danitl Trowbridge,NiiL, from New-Sailed lOto, brigs Gold Hunter, St. John, N. B.;16th, lantke, Elukgwoos, Baltimore', SopAi^, Bakxs, HaUfax.Arrived at Demerara, Sept. 27, barks Princeton, Sie-ULDD. WBBglMt It CO.. Ho. 500 Broadway.KAARRIED. UiLLXB—Habbibor.-In Newcastle, N. Y., on Thurs-Not. is, at toe MethodistRer. Mr. Buck, Hbnbt Uillib, of Bedford, to S. Locise HABaiBOH, of Mount Kisco.DIEX}.SAMtns.—In this City, on Sunday. Not. 13. of dlph-The relatives and friends of the family are respect- fullytaritedtoattendthefuneral,this(Tuesday) after-by Jobk McLbrab, Esq.These Works will be priaied from the maanacripto aadproof-theeu a( the Aathen.IS" Any person wh» reaitr Foua Doixaas t»-Agents-wanted.GREAT KXPICTATIONa,Will be commenced. Mr. Dicxbbs' tale will be richirsuch estimates of the amounts to be ^propriated im-der and that the circumstances, confidently hopedshoottog him to toe breast, IniUcttog a woimd which will, to all probability, prore fatal.theGod would glTC the Church power to do ail that itIt appears that Mr. SlATarws was recalled at the had imdertaken. Dr. Ddbsix gare, to round num- andbers, a Ttrumi of the estimates for 1861. The appro-who lives in Vandewa- ter-street, and follows the occupation of a laundress. He set his affections upon her some time stoce, but she states that she never favored bis suit, and of late mentoLibeiia. Therestwasfortheworkofhome hisattentionshadbeenveryoffensive. Notwlthstand-day,Episcopal Cfaureh, byone year,Xion.The object of the hot-headed Frenchman's lore,enmity to Obiali, is a Germanand will thusproviding for missions, thus divided:China,Military aad Naral IntelUscnce. DIPABTCEKorUNITEDSTATESSOLDIERS.To-day extensive pieparations will be made at Governor's Island to dispatch a large force of Unitedappliee000;self to manifest herdispleasureat liisadvances,heCaeb.—In thla City, onFor the Germanfor the Scandtoavian, Swedish, and Norwegiannoon, at Q o'clock, from her father's Monrce-st.for the Indian missions, $6,000 support of the work to the older parts of the country,contingent fund, $10,000.Sunday,dates to election.beOoDTeattens, for the ohoieepassageLiverpool (grata laden) in IS days, andLoi;i8 Labohe, the Frenchman who was takenMurders were on the tocrease at Trinidad, mostlyOR'S Wig Factory, No. W Bond-fC^foryaxd at Philadelphia, rice Cabx, detached. Comman- the extendon of the work in the Northwest and the persisted in followtog her, and finally she appealed to States soWifts to California. They are to strengthen Cabs.derMcBLAiaissaidtohavebeenentitledto thepost 4>ut did not desire it.,funeral, Wednesday morning,year |^missions, 12,000;;$90,000protect her from Labomb's annoyances. He cheer- Siito Regiment of The Pacific at II o'clock, from bcr late residence, Wo. 651 6th-av., Infantry. steamshipfully complied with her request, and subsequently will take them out The soldiers will consist of two without further invitation.St. John.—In thla City, on MondBT. Nov. 19, at 6toe cause ofthe ina day, publishedhad an interview wi h the Frenchman, which resulted hundred men, who are to be distributed among toe o'clock P.M., CHAriicxT St. Johk, in too Slat year of day with President BtCHAaAn at the Executire office, which he would but todicate. It related to war, vic- to' a quarrel and fight, during which the latter short companies of the Regiments named. They will hia age.sraiaxas.TERMS OF HARPER'S 'VrEEKLY.challenge battle, to fight a duel at Hoboken, before alluded to, to whichtocommand, assisted by Capts. WurrrLisiT and tend bis funeral, from bis late residence. No. 73 West*Italian coward," and the benighted at homes, threatened to shoot him at sight if he refused to ac- had seen the heathen, without Gospel, literature, cord toe meettog. Obzau, not betog willmg to riskSnaauAnnscience, civilization or refinement, as they were toaired Syeara and 10 months.The relatlTea and friends of the tBmllT are veapectfallytL'60,000 to $2^3,000.1 That increase had been justified, was entered by burglars, who opened the by BROWN'S " Beueflciul in Bboncbitis."and ne believed tliere was equal call for the increase means of false keys and carried away 160 gold and Preparations for the I^egal Contest Public now made. The Bishop spoke very effectively to the silver watches, valued in the agirregate at $:i.50O. TROCHESly injuring two pcraona.— The aboat Napcrrllle.Counsel — •—Somethlns Eeldtowhichit had not been called of God. He Therobberydidnot becomeknown follow- BBOWN'SmoCoi'oa."DR. J. F. W. LANE.Biistoa. Lee, Mass., Oot. 24.—A boiler of Plainer & Smith'a effect—giving rest to the mother and relief aad health tareposition that the Church occupied no Missionary until the '** I have proved them excellent for Whoop-REV. H. W. WARREN, injuring John Dntcher, of Kent, Connecticut. Damagethe infant. fTSEFri<that a ing Monday morning, when AhOLfii Jaqiikt. agent of storm-clould seemed lowering over the land. But the proprietor of the .-^tore. upon opening the safes, toknew that the times seemed not propitiousTKOCHES " BROWN'S fcring^werebrought by Bishop concluded the Doxology was sung, the venerable Rev.BROWN'S Irritation of the SpEAKSEsand Sinqebs.".Throat,meeting wa.s over.GENERAL CITY NEWS.—CiTT Mortality. Tlie City Inspector's reportof the week City MortalityTeacher of Music, Southern Female College.Great benefit when taken before and af-Prom the London Nnrs, of Oct. 20, 1880. A.dreadful accident occurred last week on toe Lake ofand 73 less than toe duringcorrespondingOffice No. 508 Broadway, New-York.oplexy; broncliitisdo. lungs 7conges- convulsions, infantile,Tslidity of the Wheeler k Wilson Manufacturing Com-k Brothers, makera of toe wood-work of carriages, ex- ploded, tearing away a portion of the bnildinir, and bad-21disease ofat ma- sameI;;fever, puerperal,;Fat was also arrested, as well as Elt.en Siiaw. a wo- sold, plate them within the reachand the other purchasinj; man who lired with liim, man, Rasiqa. excuse forofall,aupposed explobioncroup;named JohnTwo othera were badlyOKLT TBB D^p6t Broadway,lungsIb ;do. throat 4 small-pox 4marasmus 4burned or scalded 6lies 4old France 3;;;;;supplvaU who wish it (Free) the recipe andAkotbeb Night-watchman Missing.—The employment of night-watchmen upon the wharves and piers of this City hss become somewhat danger-IS still growing that ten haTe lost large enough to have Ite small out. It is stated night-watehraenampletime todisposestock of Bats. Caps and Furs, of toe LATEST FASH-;dropsy;ffanal tt9 559 do. in chest 3heart disea.se Gdo. scarlettoe ruina. The cause of ia nnkoowa. The canal and rkilroad trackare covered with ruina. IN.SURANCE.oxaouiAx.Msw-Teck y.P. kB.raSSOTLCCRIOCSt AND TALCABUdrowned 3;intemperance 4lockjaw 3knowledged his guili to Officer NlTEii.and told howIa consequence;;;badlyto be buried undersxaa POB A Address Bex Mo. 239* Pest-oOes.^^^^^^^^endtog Saturday last, states tliat the number of deatlis during the week wasThe whole family of Count Gnerrieri, of Yerona.3-14, of which 80 were men88 women102 boysandCountber of victims is a^out seventy.;;of the entire aafety of toe Oaforic En-;:casual-prisoners• CHBOIOKCSE.,;;;Avrighi,of74 girls betog an tocrease of 23 on the week previous, ',Wheeler & Wilson'sSEWING MACHINES,week of The principal diseases and causes of death were—Ap-Oct. 31.—The boiler on the steamer H. R. W. Hia, bound;;pany'sprcatly reduced prices. The superiority of theseare street, which Fai occupied. ITjion tliis information them, and the moderate prices at which they now5typhus whooptog cough;do. brain 8;and obviate alltho.-e inferior and low-priced toedo 62 dosteamboat, Jaynt.f W, Baldwin, wasIIBRALDRY. HISTORY.J OI^GESIf they would beonce went tiefore Justice Kellt at the Tombs, andmade an affidavit respecttog the occurrence, chargingthat the burglar^' and robbery had been comnrdtted byparties unknown to him. Having been advised tobrtog the mtfter to the attention of Officer Niveh, of theSecond Ward Police, he did so, and toe latter obtainedtoe assistance of Detectives Yocnq and Fablet in toe"TROCHES:;Kane itijared. A boy named Rice ia;machine-, which have so much prejudiced tiic sewing- machine business.working premisesbe ofthe ap"p^roachin"g CharterI.ATi>Tiux, oftog for nearly a week. Lahbbbt was arrested on sus-Statton-lKiuse, and will probably be taken to Jamaica will find both atixa-* ^A Slate.-At the conclusion ofsupported atQriCK Pamaoi.—The clipper ship Andrew six aiUes back of Sing Sing, where he had been kirk- and noTeltfet fa dress and nndrsis ciDthing of erery d*-obtained, consisting .of the fol- thus to-day, to await the result of the Coroner's taTestROGERS kNo*. 131> 1!I3 and lJt»Falton-s<.,And No.2S"unday Liquor Law, andCapt.fully foUowed !box, wito directions, at Ho. tH Canal-st., and Ma. A Cnion-sqtiare, New-York.entsTasoitino.-The Ackerman Guard,suggested.51, S2, W, 84. 21, 49, 50, 51, X, 53, 54, M, 37, 16.sundry Iproteciive expedi-invited to attend the funeral, thla (TuesdaT) atternoon Africa, for instance, could to the full extent appre- his life, caused the Frenchman's arrest, but in Court resume command of the Third Artillery at toe at 2 o'clock, from Lbc reaidence ef her parenta. No. 168Fire for copiesMciate the importance and difficulties of the missionarywork. He hoped the day would soon come when theto human He Gospel should^be preached every being.Presidio, when Lieut.-Col. Nauman will repair toson of Gaxm Thoxscbs, died to-day of injuries re-oelTed by a faU. He was under an appointment of pended to Africa. What was accomplished there gtog so piteously to be let off, toat the Judge believed quarters of toe Fourtli Infantry will be removed to to attend hia funeral, on Wednesday, Not. 21, at 1Subscbibxbs. HARPER k BROTHERS,the fii^t Methooist German missionary. Rev. Dr.The relatives and friends of toe family are respect- now servtog on toe coast 01 Africa. We fully tovlted to attend his funeral, to-morrow, (Wednea-NasT, " w<ak. He urged that they should put on steam" to prosecnting this work.tion. All day long he had been loitering near toesquadronhave already published a list of lier officers.BSTABliUlHBS SIX.TT -TBAMM,MEKKS' CABINET nTKNVCBB ITABBBOOIIi;th:; term allotted to each ^leaker, about the PtntD A Mossx's drug-store, andabowling- Scandinavian mission. He told how this work bad-of216 William-street,bustoess. No.utes,at of calling Obzali's placepurposeliliini in this town, were destroyed by fire yesterday thrived in the Minnesota, Wisconsta, West Wiscon- Uaen. She saw Labomi"The official TOte of Illinois is as follows : Lm- the GosDCl to every creature" was wrapped up the drew a revolver and fired at Obsali. The ball en- 9Mh-st..New-Tork. _^_^_^___he entered toe room, witoout speaktog a word, he duty not of preachers only, but of aU Christians. He tered his breast, passing into the chest, and he fell,that which they could do without. In this they did not follow the Divine example.cry togbefore the persons who witoessed the affray could re- cover from their astonishment sufficiently to give anFrench Bronsea, oibectMantel Ornamenta, Stotttettes, Groups, Inkstands, ke.PlumbingandGasFittingattendedtoasnsaal,at No. 331 4th-st., and No. 3 Astor House, Barslay-st.COMCEKTRATED I.EATEN. If would have nutritionsRev. F. C.Hallidat,The relatlTea and friends of toe are inrited to attendthefuneral,fromtheresidfeanmcielyofhisparents. No. 101 Cnmberland-'at., Brooklyn, at 3 o'clock, thla (Tuesday) afternoon, witoout further InvitoQon.region that he came fromat the success of tlie missionary enterprises of the Church, and related some toteresting tocidents con-once Eummoneu to attend Obzali, and after laboring several hours he succeeded in extracting the ball. The patient, however, wasm too critical a condition toNo. 496Broadway,New-York.however, that he still harbored revenge, and last even- "InthisCity.on Monday morning.Not.As before reported, toe United States Corvette Sara- and he felt a parUcuiar toterest to the German tog he put his declaration of "'vendetta toto execu- toga left Pldladelphla on Friday to reinforce our19,house where Miss Hxss lived, and in toe afternoon,his dirtyFrom Greenland's icy motmtains" was sung, and ried on in toe hope of escaping him. On reachtog Froatt, Coialnns, Gilders, Beaas, Door Shatters, Stairs, without farther inritatien.then which is on the fifto Obsau's shop,ef fine Iron Tork bnilding pnrposes, manufactured at JAUSS L. JACK- BON Ji BBOTHKR'S Iron 'Works, 2Bth-st., M-aT.-, andofRev. Mosxg Hill, of the Erie Conference, was in- Lasomi was directly bebtod her, and as soon asTanlts, ke. Erary descriptionArstates, foilowtogIi«a Work Ihr BaHdlaia.—Iron Storeexpressed his gratificationten,gotashoreSaturdaynightontheHedgeFence, nectedwiththeprogressofMethodismthroughoi:*the admitofhisremovaltotheatHtohsepital,awnhdehrewtahesmade Ctu-eCough,Cold.Hoarseness,MJbtenza,andIrri- ofparalysis,AdahW.Docxsoa,tatheOlstyearofhisBosTOit, Monduy, Nov. 19. Tlie steamer South Carolina, hence for Charles-;jAifxs said some moral obligations were asBrown'a Branchial Tracheetation or soreness qf the Throat, Relieve the HackDocxaoN.—In Brooklyn, on Sunday evening. Nor. 18,ascomforiable as possible place affray occurred. Meantime, information of toe matter had been giren toe police, and toe witoesses were allbtodlngsaid *' necessity knows no law," so it might be said taken Into custody, and detained at toe Fourto Wardthat neglect of some moral obligationsandyoothuerpastry,youligwhitl,lfindittoyborueradI,ntcearkesit,troolnlssa, Funeral aerrices this (Tuesday) afternoon, at 3 Messrs. E. Chamberlta ft Co.'s (Boston) Coaeentratedas some as it vras physical necessities, and,o'clock, at his late residence. No.32East Baltic-at., LesTen. This ia considered an important item laererrcuses, "rhe Methodist MisstonaryThe steamer Pacific, hence to New-Orleans, was sent out brothers and sisters to missionary Allen was dispattcoheldeatvheitthoere, imdehretwheoubleldiefifrsthat beginning would yield to"a mild remedy, if ueKlected.GxoEGB C, Tbobbcbn, in toe 63d year of hia age.The relatlTes and friends of the funlly are respect- fully inrited to attend his fnnenl, from the House ofof theof the stock bad been removed. He atbe supposed that the score of lawyers tlxus en- andgaged will see that every inch of ground is ontested. launched }esterday from the yard of its bidldcr, known as a receiver of stolen goods and a most ex- ailkand IJsIe thread ela-ntic stockinga for varicose veins. buildinga where toere is The witnesses have not yet arrived, but no doubt on MicuASL S. Allison, of Hobokea. This is the largest pert pickpocket, and showed him a sample, asking Female Supporters. Shoulder Braces, improved scupeu- ""•ceive $l',100 for the property. Accordingly, on Thurs- i<. on until the case be closed, there is, therefore, no be commanded by the former, lately of the yortk latter declined on that occasion to pay more tlmnBfathersi ifyaaweald kaawbawpraperlyCharitoble Aasoclation have Just awarded ato an Ericsson Caloric Engine exhibited at toeir recentDR. ZKLLS'' REMEDY.Fcp sa»e at- No. 63 DiTiaion-st.,andNo.2ll.'Hb»T. Price »1.certainly that three or even four weeks may not benamed to honor of a distlnguislicd citizen of Ulster standtog that toe balance should !<c midto gorem yourchildren and direct them in manner theThe village of Nai«rvltle, which will thus secure arUK SALE IN NUMBERS OR BY THE gINGLE BN- GINE, ATNO. IM DnANK-ST..NKW-YORK.SEND FOB A PAMPHLET.cTRD.-THE SUBSCRIBER ^^America. She is to run to Kingston. She has been $600, which was accepted by Fat, with toe under-gold medalenough to have semi-daily coinmunlcatiou with years. On the eventog of the 9th Inst., Tbohas Lrint, the case, and the zeal evinced by them in r4>llecting on toe Europeao plan. Good fare, clean rooms, aromptChlrago.TheCourt-houseisnotamodelofbrauty.eitherIn Itsin the employment of Vas Hobsin * Bboth»e, of No. toe evidence will doubtless have the oifcct of'jringing attendance and modtrate charges. 8. E. MKAD, Pro-arcliitecture. its interior arrangements, itsor in fact in any of those refiulremcnts which lupttwell-ordered Court-rooms rejoice in. Theare liMd, time-worn, and well whittled, and unless the two hundred who ran be crowded within endure the >lralt of an open window with a fresh bree7.e,are apt to sulTer from foul air and the superflous heathe was at tlie postThe Btercaseaalle Jlmpmtlmm-W(HYOiflO,/E.£S«A/i(f.<KC KnpariaaB—ventilationseen,andItetaiL—E.ANTHiONT,No.601Broadway. Cata-beijdbiesIngues TEBIALSfor amateursifatamp.and the trade.fleremor ef tha State of Delaware tothethat ,SkV bi set "doirn as deaerredly07South-street,wassenttowatch at PierNo. theguiltypartiestoconviciion. sujrarBROOKLYNNEWS. llROOKLTN Common CorNOiL.—a regnlar meet-prititor.^^^^^^^^North RiTer. Whenfrom. He had from five to ten dollars to money upon27assigned hbn, but he has not since been seen or heardIllspisnpertotMidlastr^on. man, it Is feared Being a strictly^oberof toe Board of Aldermen was held lastiliievi >. lie ii avts a wife and small family to depen- President Kalbpliiscb to tlie chair. Under thetoe most ttopahl. They "^.%^,n,;,.nt lively, palatable tonic, not unpleasantlytliai be has been or murdered by river ilrowncd,Glam Hhadea! Glaaa Hhade*drawings of tha Delaware StotodooartUrtheoperationsweek,cleaning gloTss, silka*.-rurlous.As the day approaches for tiie trial to begin, the pop- 18S9, Of the number 1S4 were imder 9 years of age. be guilty of toe crime. He had not been a long time Increased facilitlea for manufacturing, and the cur- from Memphis to New-Orleans, exploded—thirty personsgreesnsedimpeached. Subsequently, however, Fat ac-XARSR. of the well-known house of MAKSH & CO., No. 2 Vesey-aU,The subscriber has just received from Europe, and now cfi'ers for gale, at very low prices, a vast assortment ef Books, both new and old.floortoe build-SnAsa.—In Brooklyn, on Sunday, Kov. 18, Mast E., wife of Edmimd R. Strang, aged 28 years.The rclatlTes and friends of toe are familyGEO. H.burned at Uniontowa last night. Capt. La* was lost. be met to suiqwrt them to carrying on the work that for his clothtog. The supposition proved to be well oont.iinlns demulcent ingredients, allay Palmooary Trayer, Newark, N. J., at 9Jt o'clock on Thursday OHAPFED HANDS. FACE> IiIPS, *e.fields, and the Church was under obligations that must should he attempt City, go ouD attacks the Lungs. Brotau^s Bronchirtl Trocfus," The remainder of the officers and crew and passen- they had imdertakten. No member of the Chiuch had founded, for about 9 o'clock he went to his room, and and Bronchial Irritation.morntog, without fUrtoer toritatlon. CERTAIN CURE AND PREYENTIYE.. ^ers weTe saved. an option to regard to nieettog his obligations to the was apprehended without trouble. He was taken to missionaryenterprises.Theywerejustasabsolute toestation-house,wherehestatedthathewas39 The Sloop-ofoWar Saratoga. and imperative as any law ol necessity. The Bishop years of age, a portrait- painter by profession, and toathTartocthreosu*balreeia myThroat, (famrawdheimceh BKOWN'S th"eT*oftenamere aspecrif"lcjliaringHegeatan'skCo.'BCamphorIcewitoGiyceriae. Ifaset ERICSSON'SCJULOBIOBNGINB. asdirectedwillkeeptoesktasoftintoecoldestTrithwTele of California. Washisotos, Monday, Nov. 10,Reliable private California dispatches say thatBurglaryIS.'iOO WeBTH OF W^ATCHES STOLE.S"Douglas inridge.has, S.OOOovcr Lincoln and H.OOOover Breck-TIIE PROPERTY RECOVERED.B|RS.spoke of its difficulties, of the sacrifices that must be made in order to its accomplishment, of the prospects which it opened up, and urged that to carrying it for- ward they never falter.Bishop SiMi-soK said that twelve months ago most of those present met m the same place to hear the re-of the Missionary Committee. Then the ques-port" relief in the Almost instanttion was under ccnsideration whether the amount of theofnight Saturday,COUQHS,Ac."whiclCchildren are affected during toe process ofFor toe nerroua Affectlens, ConTulsions, Ferers, TnfISM mation of the Bowels, kc., that attend this period of ebS- dren, she recommends it as auro to produoe toe dealreCOn tiieBROWN'S"A simple andpleasantcombinationforat a Watchmaker's Score.TROCHES BROWN'S TllOCHES ous."distressing—ARUKSTOF TH>: THIETXS AND THE RKCEITEKS—.NOSii OKlabor of peculiar to Astbha." hreatlitagKEY. A. C. EGGI.ESTON. "Coctaia no Opium or anytoing injuri-enginemaynot be done Ericasoo's byAt(entirelyfrommemory,)CUnton Hall, next WEDNESDAY EVENING.the 10th inst.. the jewelry store of James jAytsT, No. by N assau-street,Radleal Care ef Hernia.—Dr. S. N.premature birth 5. Nativity—United States the property had been disposed of. lie said that he and New-York, devotes special attention to the surjrical gine, the erectiontjuincyGeorge Sedgnick, Es«i., and other legal gentlemen Scotl;'nd4^ Unknownfrom localities where depositions have been taken. It As Intkekstink Lacscii.—The new paascn;;er to buy theiu, and adviscl them to " plant or conceal ment will s.-itisfy patients or toeir physicians that he ia lute prohibition. The saving on Insurance will go far in:(i ;adaptation olhia itadicaJ Core Trusa toprejiared to treat all cases requiring mechanical aurge-r> store to Hudson-street, but the jeweler was afraid *'rup-them until the matter should be forgotten. Fat nextLASGUAGKS.AND TRAVELS. NATURAL HiS-TORY, BOOKS OPE-NGKAVINGS. PICTURE GALLERIES, kc.Also, every other branch of Ancient and Moaemut-time, and sent to any address, (yatis, on appBcatioo to T. W. REEVE, Impprtor of Books,Fiftonight arrested Josxph Lahbibt, la the woods about oiil eapes, new tkshions in bnstaev and trareliag Mtti,TROCHESBROWN'S" terProf. U. STACY JOHNSON,LaGranee, Ga. establishment.TROCHESof a which has been run- gun-boat,FALL ANB WINTER.TROCHESBROWN'S TROCHES• '^- "-—tofPrecinctPoUce,onSundayInelndiag naitBe aad dashing ornaoats,picion of having murdered J. D. in Cou.¥«a,PILLS,andupon that he would pay the difficulty ia remored. Bow much ssTere sickiMfhMr. H. W. Saoe announcrecdeipt toe rest.$511, where-peracTere for some daya, it necessary, aBW how many Htcs woald be saTed If this ad rice were faith-32.CiTT CouBT.—Nos. 7, 32, 33, 34, 38, 39, 40. 42, 44, 46,;The relatives and friends of the family are One Obsau, whose washerwoman she w-as, asking him to the First Regiment of Umted States Dragoons and the invited to attend her on respectfully copyDavidson, and Lieuts.McKEE, Babeb,WobtbEssLBB.—In this City, onm 2 OT4he made an abject apology, asserting that he had writ-ten toe note while laboring under great excitement inconsequence of thb beating he had received, and beg- School of Practice. On his arrival there toe heiui- Roome, aged 1& months and 11 days.Fort Vancouver, W. T., to command toe Artillery his story and let him go. Subsequent events show, Fort Dallas.Wm. J. and Mary Ann The relatlTCs and friends of the famllT are requestedTwenty-five copies for one yearMandNow Within Reach ef All.'GKOVER k BAKER'S CELEBRATED NOISE1.ESS FAMILY SEWING MACHINES..ing Cough tn Consvrnption, Bronchitis, Asth- ma, and Catarrh. Clear and give strengthto the voice of ? FITBLIC SPEAKERS AKO STNOERS.or " coiDmoncold" in Its first stage ;toat which iCnoutghheTROCHES whispers N. P. 'vrn.LIS.PniLADSLpHiA,Monday,Not.19. enlargedeffectivelyupontheresponsibilityofeveryherejoicedathavingsnothis\ielim.Theaffairoc-BROWN'S"IrecommendtoeirusetoPublicJ^rsAX- totheTikesofOct.17isaparagraphgirlngana«- OnlHyEGEMANkCO.b,yCmhaeimlista30acnednts.The United States sloop-of-war Saratoga, for tlie Webt Coa^t of Afrlca,was passed at sea on SundayChristian in this regard.Rev. Dr. Habeis, the Missionary Secretaryfor thecasioned little or no excitement in the neighborhood, because of its having occurred In the upper part of the building, where the report of tiie pistol was uiUieard,TROCHESEB8."RET. E. H. CHAPIN. "Have proTCd extremely serviceable forcount of the explosion at CollinsTiUe, Ind., of a amall portable steam engine, recently put up, causiog the in- stant death of three persona, toe mutilation and linger- ing death of two others, and sererely acalding scTeral bystanders." Now,toerelanothingwhicha smallportableateam-" can do whichCalorie Engme, ixcipT exploding with this shocking deatructlon of life and limb.DIARY OF STEAM BOILER EXPLOSIONS. NEW-OsLEAirg, Oct. 23.—The boiler of Chemical Works exploded, demoliahing a portion ef toe wall, and serious-Draggisli, Noa. 161, 399, til and 7E6 Broadway.9IR. TASISTROWill recite, by request, the play of OTHELLO,.aaoming.West, presented a view of the magnitude of the workto which the Church had committed herself. He except by those persons in the room at the time.BROWN'S HOABSESKSS.''KEY. HENRY WARD BEECHKR.TROCHESDR. e. F. BIGELOW,RKY. S. J. P. ANDERSON, St. Louis. " EvFECTUAL in remoring HomrBeneas and so commou withtofabric. Sold by druggists; only 2S cents per betUe. Seapatent, Company ewing-machincs, with important improvements,him to buy. Lett questioned him as to how the •ory Bandages, and inatrumeuta for physical deformities. wIFiit.Monday we shall have a full delegation from all parts steamer now on the river, betog 202 feet to length, watches came tato his pos&'Ssion, and havingof the country. Both sides agree that the case will 9 feet to depth, and 34 feet beam,—the widtli over been informed, he appototed a time 40 call atoccupy the ftill time allotted by law for the Court to ail bcmg 62 feet. The joiner work was done by Mr. Fat's room ;md examtoe them. This he did,sit, alter next Monday, two weeks. In view of the John £. BBowN,of lIoboken,and the two engines (11, GO accompanied by his adopted son, John Shitb, and Sebnabke'rFkanUit, lambawool. ailk. mertao and cashmereUD- —which will ahortly become imperatively neoeaaary— greatprobabilityofu.' riallastingbeyondthattime, tosizeandof100horse-powereach)wereconstructed afterconsiderablechaffertogabargainwasfinally dershirtHandDrawera.HalfHoae,ka.Alsoahandaome •aableatoeCrotonBoardtolevyataxoaoonsomersmade, bv which Fat and his confederates were to re-**lection of Cardigan Jackets and TraTSUng Shirts of Tarioaa color*.Particular attention gireo to Shirts aads te order from B|easure. ^^^^^^^____"T OOK UP! LOOK MOKE."within a fewCtunty, very recently deceased. There was a plen- days. This.mfihnation indnrwl the detoctives to Phrenological Examination to FOWLER k WELLS, Fair ta Faneull Hall, Boston.of refreshments yesterday on board the search Levy's house, to which Officers Yocng and world-Hide noioiieiy, is .«iiuatol about seven miles James W, Ba/dwin, and the Captain's hospitality to Fablet obtatocd access to the night-time byLtifuland Galena some 300 guests was unbounded.No. 30s Broadway, New-York.stratagem, but no trace of toe propert>' was 'WUte> the Hatterj haa naw aa Itaad a laraeof it.HeandSmith,whoactsasbisbusinesspartner,were ION.WHITE'SDRESSHATSARESUPERB.La-nevertheless arrested on a charge of bavin? knowing-ly bought stolen goods, and yesterday all' toe itrison-ers having tieen taken before JusUce ICxlly were seattoprison pending toe result of an examination. Theofficers have shown much shrewdness in conductmg House. Broadway, corner of Houatoa-at. It is conductedomCIAL ORAWIKSS. BTOF THBIiBeAIiIZKBI1OTTSRIB8.WOOD. lODT k CO.. lUMAGEBSoftheDKLAWABX, KEMTUCKT, AMD XISSOITBI STAR LOTTERIBa, AUTBOKIZBDBTTBmLSOIBLAmcTha aaderslgaed Comaalsalonera, appototed by ihaF. CHAPh Broadway, New-York.tageircurastbnccs, at No. 7 Greenwich-street. " order " a report of toe Finance Conimittee Sowers, kc, ke., constantly on hand and made to order.dentTlIIRTEEXTH-STElT.TPitEtiBTTFBIANCUBECH.-^ wascalledupfromthetable,tafavorofautoorizlngDELAWARE I^TTBBIES. KxraClass1ft.651,ITov.19,186a.11, Class Nt. 662, Nov. 19, 1888.!!mer'^SSrTete«eSiT?'>-»PWted,anniversary of theOCBLWO, PRBSBrViNS AMD BESTORIMft THKINK F"PRICES.-Ice pitchers.Wunder direction of the Finance Saturday evening last, being the thirteenth ndttee, to borrow, from time to time, upon theChurch on interesting meetingCom- credit of toe city, such moneys may oe necessary70 per cent, onments, when certified to as having been completed,Mii-sionary Association spirited31,68 to decanteraUnds.98toSit. fbrktad- by Dr. WsstbbooX, of Phila- delphia, Rev. Mr. FnTCHip.,„f Dra/il and Rev Dr.topaystreet improve-HAnuC'llrrhaah'B TllanlTe Wig—imra warranted not to Mil or j,tainturuinp up behind Made only by Clirehu;,-h. No. •-•30 Broadway, corner Itcade-st., near A. T. Stewart's.Htf miDiirrshands,atconnectedasall contracts for3. 45, II.Nov. Jn, 1S8«. t„$i5; tea8ets,6piecea,$20to$26; uikebasketo, ft toassessments for the same are confirjued Ji^JSSy^lSon^iVS^^-^ Common Council, and toat he. In like manner, be au-dish«i,waitera,tc.,attheatoreNos. 4 and 6by Dr. thereof, said bonds to be called Asscssmc-nt Bouds," TOBIAS' wooderfnl Venetian LInimcut,',r no pay— filed by His. BeacH's counseL One of the most inter- fto City, numbering nearly seven hundred pupll^ and to be redeemed ta the mamier provided m the act Head«el<f in haU-an-hoHr Sold by all drngcista andl)AM8»~EXPRB"88~C07^iTB~F»0BO» WOOD, EDBY k 00- attention to the collectioa of dialta, aatek aiiosiiThis morning a large number of depositions were£'•Toalharfap rnrrd In__WUadncton. DeL, or St. Loals, Mo. aoces, bills, ke., ta all parts ot th( Kail, VoLleai^th^Wo^S^t^n-!^l[;^"i!£SSeesting was In relation to a correspondence with Rev. Tamuant Cek^kal Comjiiitek.—In obedience of April 16 18*0. Some discussion was had us to the Btorrkeepcra. Depot, No. 56 Cortlandt-al.. New-York.toe Comptroller,14. ISJg.'Wilmington, Del.,GEORGE C. GORDON. $c ca-stors, $3 to 912and toebythethorized Ito issue toe bondsof the tocity paymentmaUsd free of to chargebysendingivenlng.! :Lottery,andSontoweal. BeacBwroteapenitentiallettertoMr,Parsssoh,Committeemet,!a?tevenhm,atliead-iuartet,. leiiuiiedforuse,witothespecialpurapnodsetnoaemed, .lellrrM,No.3?3Brstoi'a^d'»w'iar-yct,-ut>f¥»rlliei>r»-<-bIaTrIeUtOhCeNTS,bills,acceptances,andatamoderateCOaLxdLBtoCwnTsItOaNthSe'SabatU,OWeBaa,SeWh.aadjfii^aS^Mr. PAnxssoa, of Chicago. It a]^ais that Mrs. to the call of the Chairman, the policy of ordiTtog the issue of bonds, to be made asDIr^a'fts, aca-n IMERCHANTS HATING TinAMiTHSDR. A. A. HAYES. Chemist, Bostim.WINSI/OWS SOOT'HINO S'TKUP ^'-^laed in seaaon hxtxb tails to cubs all diseases wtth:roofing. Barclay-st. Sbtd and privately applied V "BY- THACKERAT andTHE AUTHOB OFTha I.add «c WeheterA French brig had arriTed at Georgetown with 112 may new be had for Fgtr Dollars. SewtacOtaehlae iUostratedI. r. Sillrrfc &: re.> Comer afFaltaa aad become one of vast importance to the users of power in William sta.. ofter for sale at retail a large assortmtnt ofube^een Haoan-st. anoBroadway.to secure their future welfare, submit their heads for aS«N» TOull directloal ffor using hisFor the romoral of Blotches, Pte|>I|".Fi2:k|es.^_diesparchaaiug Furs should not fail to call first at No. Zl« Broadway, apposite St. Paul's Church.cent on receiptof PHOTOGRAPHIC MA-GLASS SHADES,Depot No. 33 Platt-at.:"Tammany General but kc.;., to collect,(BTIBSlud•all anien,lments were voled down, origiuul,.1,1 will sell hisl>0'>i\a;id 'pajpliess. la. same attended to Vtomtflj;^ad»t<^Mf<Tt1Untitled DocumentBatchelar>B Balr-dTe pradaeaa a'>e'rfhetlratural black or brownno the skin or stotoiagHARPER'S MAGAZINE for (he taiaaewStoiifssaved.comprising eight persons,of all for covering clorki. tha fcUowtng are the numbers drawn this day alles,and toeir medical er- ftint is w'rfectly aurprising. No family can esarenientlyLadies, trw «. l^rsats »r aU dnwciata.22, 7-, 50, WUnasa oar2H, 62, 51, 34, 28, 18, 71,$10;-» >e»elly—Parf-;and spoons, $2 to $6 per dozen—napkta rings, batter o'^^^^^^ ^^^;injury the lu£-;"win mm-MabtA. and Charlotte L. Sammls. aged U years and mouto.3Sik-8t.. on Wedneaday, Nov. 21, at 3 o'clock P. M.Ann Mabia. of PetMeornadnady daughterweeks41SuRffoOlkK'XS.t.—In thla City, of inflammation of the tungs,one year TwelTe copies for one year• MMRoBEBT son of Lbk, youngest48 An fxtra copy will be allowed/or every Club of TwaLTaon Tuesday, 20th inst.. at 2 o'clock. taken to Greenwood.Her remains will beSaucxl p. Dtxb, eldest aon of S. O. and Emma Dyer, ajred 17 years and 8 months.utroBTATlon, conaisting ofThe friends of the Brooklyn. familyare tarlted toat- establishment.and toe family of Salo, suffered toe same fate. The num-were lost;The largest store in the City.FRENCH'S C£1.BBRATB]> COMI6AI. WASHING MACHINE.FNEQUALEO AND INDI8PKNSABLBDOLLAaS.does not affect the rale of insurance. A ateaa-engioe raises the rateOR«E«B„S. FATHERS, CLASSICS, THEOLOGY. FINE ARTS.from two per cent, to a figure that amounts to an abso- a assortment of a twelvemonth towarda paying for a Caloric Engine taand ITALIAM «,A3- SICS. BIBLIOGRAPHY. ANTIQUITIES. UIOGIi^PHJ\of one taany buildingAmong toem are fine works of the LATIN andwith aa* wit*-mComer of Broome-st.moderate aarauat of prop-The Calorie Engine requires no water. This fact wlH Catsloguea of toe same will be issued from tltae taand Wtater Furnishing Gooda, oonaiating of this City the mouient that the resort to toe Water MeterNo. 138 Fnlton-st.,stairs,Vj-itC47, 4, 56, 35, '26, 44, 9, «9, 30, 72, 40, 6S, i. ft i?l.oll, iseful and agreeable.-JV«^closet.Olreulars, eoDtaltdng sobemea for theonth, will beBarling-sUy..Publishers will reeelTe bothPnbUcatioarforprorids himself wlto 'the beet readiac afbeautiful and attractire money.for one monto—as a specijnett~to any one whofor it. Specimen Numbers of the Magattae will alio he sent gratuitously. .TERMS OK HARPER'S MAGAZIMC.for oneTwo copies for one year s Three or more copies for one year (each) g And an extra copy, gratis,for every Club of Eioht Sva-25 cents. Sent forribbons, hi., to new, witoout equalooler srbesttasty, and the largest assortment of FaU andatpricesvt Nos. ?0 and n Bews^.-BATES,WholesaleMo. 189 Pearl-at.less than at any otoer estabttahmeu estaWlibment,POETR-r, DRAMA, FRENCHUF! BR SAD NO LOVE OF STBONG DRINK CUBED.iujuryn F. B., BALDWSI'LS_,FortAtUs, ,Agent,coffee 1 urns, $teelkl^g. www.fultonhistory.comfiBi H 