 »»IMpcst* tte<It*»greatdealof Yankeeahrewdnem * ftaaactel matters,rhe sum* of money which her lever lavished upon barvers carefully hoarded; h * rich presents were convertedmto ready caah, and ate soon accumulated suffl Dr. Covil arrived at the bedside of the dying man There were rumors a short time since that there was s can hostilities m toe Nantes* part cient inwans to open a tamo upon her own as and applied the stomach pomp, but with poor sue deficiency in a quarter s report of Mr. Fowler, bnt they curing the past year; to pay tKS.co*ta Iiby aIWALief allvestment to s a y khid of property«by. l b s ptrticnlars of bar lapse from virtue stated, and Maedoaald teamed to be awaiting h * or shall loan wttb or without interest, or shall dease• a s ii'iie owmg: Aatertaaa aaiwowiat w a s awed dwmetdy, slfce aMe.brassy, 47>»e a sue ; poro sawat.tOs.. wsas*f.«s* alaak af Oho slag*, by to*'randsruinous course, msbtog h *houses of prostitution, aad threateningn«.on bar tar her iabdebxy. TJnabte toeitj, be went to Boston, and there visited Virgin* s mother, telhng her that he was her daughter's husband.tbat' be bad bee* drinking, and tbat hit intemperance hadeaused all the trouble between them that be was toblame for bar tearing him, aad if her mother intendedforsomedeadlypurpose, judgingfromtheirnp warrantforhiBarrestonSaturday,andplaced it inthe OregonandBritishColumbiai ereto,asi*<bast will ntWnaBtaaiy B* a warnaa*• :»republican* mon wbJcb tneooateattarns.TheynaytbattbnStateteatImmediate search was made tor Mr. Fowter, which hasSoon after h * return to New York, Macrioaalrt saw Vir Macdonald this liberty, sad ordered the keep- been continued up to the present time, tons far without to secure two I n n •' States ItBtoteTothebad hardly been in the TBmlis more than a month ing that te woald see him to morrrow. Mr. Fowter'sdemeanor did not appear to Mr. C. unusual, as It was h a custom to go through tbe same forma* of leave-takingTbe nextstep of the governmental officers, after Mr. Fowter left the office, and in carrying out the orders o the Postmaster General, was to procure a warrant for the arrest of Mr. Fowter.Undent of operations at tte mines. ea« f from there. He repo'B that tte same yield $1,500,0(0 per;a* * e tare to aad rates, enica will hare tbe stoat la •ftperfectfloodof"Bteostars, ''So*****, "Weivo- **" I U "Badgers,' wab a aprsUteg «maontes. la amy sathtog of tae vasttoovnoB crams aad in tbe regulartant wttb Seward, who will drive off tbnColon*! Curtta* election depend* upon tbe defeat of 8a ward,andboa concentratinglb*lanorofncampaignTbe position of tha State givesi, and their THWI and jaforaaltnn of tonpontoonoftheirStatearereceivinggravecmatdersaoa. But toe aabaaaan a divided, a portion going for Meand the dgbt rages with violence.,, llintoa, Mew Jeraey, a portion, of Iowa, Obta, Oregon an*•ad he followed her to the mote at which she seated aertett*. The mssstog between them appears to have oeenfriendly,torMaedoaaldsatdownneartheladies salted for a bettto of wise aad partook of some refresh mens with them. Upon leaving toe saloon Macdonald irew*h*mistressasideaadestreated hertoreturnwith oimto Mobile; but she positively refused, aad exhibited ta evident totatosttea to cot h a aequainmnoB. irritated at ib* rebuff from s oemaoncourtesan, MaodoaaM threatenlalion to capital cases be regarded aa rather unfavorable,and tbat, together wtth the conviction and sentence totheStateprisonofyoungLaos,thedefaultingclerkoftheFulton bank, with whom he was very intimate, bad suchthe New York Hotel, where he has boarded for the test tan years, and subsequently left there and proceeded to the residence of AugustBelmont, inFuth avenue, where he dined, and left tbe table at nine o'clock P. MTbe accounts irom the Shailks unfavorable.The ship Hei>- arrived at Victoria oa tbe fromHongKong,with22ftChintssin«n population was aao rapidly ivais from Caiucruia.tastdsouth. toast UMUWbatkayte*air—dj;tokenanarrivtag, a n i tbecommitselfdestructionratherthanendurethesuspense any longerEver since the discovery of Stephens' plot to take the life of the keepers aad escape from prison, the warden hasbadthedoorsofthecellssathefirstcorridorcoveredattwoo'clockonSundaymorning,since whichtimeno one—sot eve* his intimate friends—have been able to ascertain h a whereabouts.Various romoro are currant as to the direct agency or combination of circumstances that ted to th* seriousThenaporisatVictoriaduringttequarter March, were 821&,0A,O, 0 * which 881,880 paid.BAHGovernor DowneyRegister of the Land Office at l a s missionerotEmigrantsfortha port• f a largeor the purpose of revenging himself for her desertion cheerfully rendered all the tod they could under the cir- then that there might be a possibility of saving themark Tbe majority of the asaptetar Sewardand Obtowft1OUB SPECIAL CHICAGO DESPATCH.a, May M, 18«0.oer off, sad finally quitted Mobile and came t» New York tor tbe purpose of getting rid of her, sad Mat shehop*lets, and Macdonald was toft to die the death he so much coveted. He commenced to fail rapidly about four o'clock, aad when our reporter saw him half aa hoar af terwards his hands and feet were cold, his browcovered with a cold hte pulseceprtble, aad respiration alow aad bard. (Gradually the breatbtog became slower aad slower, the body test ttscompromae, aad the suspension from duty and arrestof Mr. Fowler were agreed upon, aad two officers, Mr. Ho ratio King, tbe Assistant Postmaster General, and Mr. o r fab, toe chief clerk ta the Auditor's Departmeat, worn despatched to tha city to investigate the matter and pro earo tbs arrest of Mr. Fowier They arrived to th* city oa Saturday test, and proceeded to the Post Office ta Nas- sau street, where they met Mr. Fowter and mmtetoed tbe object of their mission, reading to him their comMission for their mission, which ta substance deposed Mr. Fowter.Thelattersoonlefttoeoffice,visiting,asbepassedoat, tbe apartment of tbe Deputy Postmaster, Mr. Caldwell,Bienopoty aadillnmtnated in honor of the v«to oa toe *57t of May 1.Tte Pony Express, wtth * . Jmeph letters of April to. arrived to Carson Valley at t ~P. M-ea News * received iam, will arrive at Sea Jte used I—toad of i fretahtbmtome between Californa iAnapparently wellthe Rothschilds have i examine t t e Wsatee stiver iOonwrdlThe matter was placed ta tbe hands of ex-Judge Roose- velt, tbe newly appointed District Attorney, who issued aare alland,s*d urging DMinterview, i He inquired particularly of Virginia's thereabouts, aad not receiving any information of her, he returned to New York by the next evening's train.sician of the prison deemed it necessary that be should be allowed to take exercise daily on the corridor. Mr. Sntton was very careful, however, in ado wingagainst Mr. Fowler for the sum of $ls6,M4 81, said to be the amount of which he ta ta default.candidate for Contragain nominated David L a gCol £ L. Baker are oanipirrng to be oae ot the United ied in August. Tbe republicans aretartyMr. Stewart having •Of bar daujhter t real character and hahtoi Mrs. Lptoa knew nothing until tbe murder, sad •be gave her evidence, upon the inquest, weeping Ut-terly and appearing weighed down with grief. The but let from Mtattamtora state* toss bnttoto* a dwabte wsnad, totogbaj agony to to* mother ant lam than to bin aeatrate.fateatom S156 000 sad upwards.to ha failing tois tha city the full amount of a*r collected for the government Then is the sattroverabto evidence tost then * sew due lapoato tbe amrniit above stated, and perhaps a larger turn Tbe tow applicable to tha case, and which de scribes tbe felony a aatostoed to to* Uatasd States me-eeaos amid toe'flrtag of cw. rVa vasts T. D1111iJ. of Ontoarriving a great somber afOUB BPTOL4X DETROIT DESPATCH- TOT stow* ENGLAUD ANDirtetogatwBSremained at Buffalo and of tt*their y n t o a a by the atanlaj of'•am waived by ethers as dhlttaital and in badIB sstotaally atbat tbe Paaaay Iraata, Mew wuiopiooeSoward,in DMN States winFrom prsatat appearances the Poanaylvani* and N o vJersey detegauoas will cant amtar ramtrna, Daytmsecond baitoi for McLann. to whom they will probablywattwfflWade; Now Hampshire for Fremont; Coaaestxnt willgivs two votes for Chase,and otber ittagttos will divide 'be was to wrapt up in her that he could sot shake tors were compelled to abandon the case as the case was deemed of too great magnitude to allow any head oil! scheme, whichapea bar, aad at bar mateaso be wan more than sane locked np * toe guard bouse. When aober ha v n u ovmg and •bbstomata as ever, bat when In liquor ton re collections of them diagracee airmail almost to maddenministered, butall in vain. ed by toe general government, and he accordinglyof I whereTbe Opbtr Company owning a Osmttock lead arWaatee, have tbe paida swhen he was detected to the act of procuring strychnine.He sent a negro to a druggist wttb some money aad apiece of paper, on which w a s written "strychnine, tw o daily. shillings worth, to kill dogs. ' The negro, however, informal tbe warden of tbe prison of what was going onsad the poteon was mined before any harm was accomplithed. On two other occasions table knives, sharpenedat tbe points EOas to answer tbe parposoof daggers, werefound concealed ta b * bed. The weapons were, no doubt,The Pteesrvme aad St.extended eastward, aad Ita Ibe ta working order 46 miles east ofthe present month Two m a t of ooppar rivrd at Carson Cry for ablpmeat to Sa* pays from 40 to 60 per cent Tbeaswsuaes obtained are ta Del Norte county, aad * ton to trans;ort tbe ore to tte100 tons of ore have already tee* mmen tr and the quantity easily obtained a attd to be i baaatibte.Inflamedliving hero wtthuiformatsoapara warmth, tbe features were relaxed, aad the death rattleten, by tbecity, Virgin* lived, for a while, a_ta toe throat announced that the spirit of the murderer had departed.The suicide of Maafonahl wasnotunexpected. Hewould only come oa to New York to) matter pearsnee.hands of Cap! Ryndere, the United States Marsha; TbeMarshal also received from Washington, from James Hillto tbe former, aao tte latter to the I The political oaamatg* of Oregon itte 28th bywould be settled, otTering to pay her if saeFor several months deceased had been in poor health.tothem every attention, allowing them to eat at h * own ta- ble, treating them ss members of ha family, accouipa nying them upon their thopptog excursions, and tupp'.yiny them with a sewing machine, wtth which during their uine months imprisonment they have made many garbuyertfenng wrth maiket ifrun are atom* theat large, v. ix., p. «8—'«An act to provide for the AQ tha while. Virgin*, instead of being with the Per menu for themselves, Tinttlna earning considerable public rovsaao," which states tbat if aay " of those cos1tot soil at iftfce. formoney.PARTICULARS OS* TBS SU1C1DB.Up to yesterday matters were to tbe condition above47>tc.;a.conoi,8tc »«*.not bans revealed Mb* Stewart wa*a Tory beau trial, at the Approaching Oyer aad Terminer, with great posit to say beak, or shall exchange for other funds ui » wed Chtoa No 1, lie a 18fee.;New 4rye at New York, wan at a house of prostitution to Mo bt*,an* there the became asnaatotod wtth Maedoaald. . a lucrative business as a cotton broker in14c. a 16c Pork, steer, stoute; mem, t t r to t a w extra,ami, abswy sad attractive woman, sad Maedoaald be equanimity. Really, however, he never gave np tbe idea except as allowed by tote set, aay portion of toe posiic18cHe a lie ; a amad as.«*•.;His;'Hoe So. 1, l came deaporataty enamored of bar, making bar coetlj of suicide. About eleven o'clock yesterday morning, how men*js intrusted to him for safe keeping, dabursement 7 fee.presents, and finally taking bar as a atotowa* During ever, one of the keepers on toe second corridor, on enter transfer or for any other purpose, every such act shall betosb* intercourse the bote him two children, botb ing erll No. 56, fo-:nd Maedoaald to a state of unconscious deemed sad adjudged to be an embezzlement or so mueivof whom atod at aa early ago. Maedoaald was dtatnmatd nam. Dr. Simmons was immediately sent for and prompt of the said moneys as shall be tons takes, converted, la- minus. A few oralis Wereas* extravagant, white Virginia, use moat woman of reitef was •Horded the nnfofftoaato man. When the Due dam, wan ootd, calculating, sad men o have inheritedf\ tor entered Macdoaald's cell and examined toe patient,bevested, used, loaned, deposited or exchanged, which to hereby declared to be a felony: ani aay failure to pa> overortoproducetbepubiic moneysentrusted tosum person shall te held aad taken to be pmaa/oot evidence of sash embezzlement.''oa London, 4?*,fTbe Ltftetamre adteeraed April 80. -wasoftheopinionthatchloroformbadbeenadminbnered, but he subsequently discovered that It was a strong ex* tract of opium which had been used. About twelve o'clock'general sett patted were to aawate cartacreate a*btstor railroad purposes, satojsst toethe people of the counties iimunmd, h* to* pte so vote tte total of toe debts will te a 81 eu.ecti: m pay 878,080 far tbe aawamatoa aco-nt Tha atop was toten hi dnfitnee of the ex cess- Macdonald was unconscious during all werefmmelatelysetatrestbyhis depositingthe ilfteeuorsaad wabea of bar lever, and for the purpose of mak lb* tone, and sever uttered a word save thousand dollars claimed ta the Sub Treasury, which Bon than be called to w a s tte tag money, aad It ted to many qaaneto between herseli when the stomach pomp was introduced. Then he ot- amount he obtained of several personal friends greet the rtght or war to tte Sa* iamm Telegraph company; to ap•ad bar paramsw. Maataasbt* intemperate habita tered a lend curse, damning toe physicians for attempting bnt it appears there were otber deficienciesgrswupon him,and,hmmaad byVirginiasnancompli. to save his life. Mustardftasterswere appliedtoh* en a much grander scale, aad which Mr. Fow- lorordinaryState purposes u•nee with ha wishes, he often drew knives sad pistole breast, ttomach, tegs ani feet, aad wrong coffee was ad- ler had apprehensions would soon be discoverthe fteca! year. paying tbe State about 8360,100.Tte faxes m the prison s a d Indian i Tte tavoriteAt this juncture Dr. Wettje arrived, and tha patient on Thursday teat, finding the inextricable network of tfte htgiaiatui e were demateo by iwas treated with sulphate of sine, strong coffee aad tbefinancial embarrassment around him, induced Mr. Butbyhawtthholdtaghieapproval as thetesttoweg tereicn. These were m e SaSill; a bill appropriating Iroads over tteamenciag tbe law of !toed for lib« 1 to any ooaaty oftbe remoence of toe pmtotttf orvioicg for tbe tome oi 83tO.BtO la*** <ble b y t t e State m 1870, aetata Ctatfuta abeattterwerth and Mr. Hall, of the firm of Campbell, Hall A baa, and as, dtagaeted wtth h * repeamd excesses, Mba lilt* avail. Finding that toe prisoner was gradually Co, of th* city, to proceel to Washington in bis behalf,Si ww t dotarauaed to leave aim before she was drawn n to tbe tarns vertex of destruction.failing, and that tbe prospect of hie recovery was ex. trcmely doubtful, Mr. Sutton, the warden, sent np to the New York Hospital for Dr Little and others, with the reand obtain, if possible, a star of the proceedings until the 18th tost., when he would be able to meet all a * obli gations to the Post Office Department The matter wasbastinado, bnt all tbe efforts of the physicians proved ofWith tha view, aad tor lbs purpose of securing a sew •pplyofgirlsforbarmtablahmeat,shecamstoNewquestthattheywouldattendimmediately.TherequesttakenintocoasiterattonbytheCabinet,andatfirsttheredeemitem.Th*heavyYoik, whither, as she asserts, Macdonald followed her, was promptly complied wttb, and the medical gentlemen proposition was thought favorably or, on the hypo Governor Downey bat bet* tte tobjeet of ,tustata the vetoes. In ail the piIsrael tawaa dacdonalu, oa the contrary, says in a * statement tbat cumstances. After four hoars incessant labor the doc * United States from any tarn; bat on farther daUb>;rattsd State guns were Bred m honor of tte veto of Ioilowed him for the purpose of reclaiming baa."had always been suspected of entertaining ideas of selfdestruction aadwascloselywatched accordingly He aad,Bh«'»'"ghimbythehead,badehim"goodbye,"add- stockot87,100.000 CaptSoiltanseatwould go, aad bursting into tears daring tbe and much depressed in spirits, to much so, tbat the phy- yer, Solicitor of the United States Treasury, an execution cy, which was addressedtma entering Taylor's saloon, In oompany with Mary ers to keep a close eye upon oil ha as possible, on account af divwions ta doubtful wtth any • of de Brook* aad Alice Morgan, two or her frail friends, movements. The recent act of the Legislature in re. After Mr. Fowier left the Post Office he proceeded to partyeo to kill her on tne spot, but Mas Stewart, unmoved by Seward. Indiana a divided batwean Cameron «nd Lin- them threats, CMtinned her walk, Macdonald following coin Indiana alt Lincoln, Ohio tor Chaae, Oregon anu oer, aad endeavoring, by alternate promises aaa1 throats,with a wire netting, so as to prevent all communication breach of high trosu-aome alleging that it was incurred m the lead Office.Car Bate*Daw England will support Sewtru to aiuce her to change her resolution As they reached i,If passible,upo.. necornerofCanalstreetsadBroadwayVirginiabecameUaeooaaldstrained wtth the greatest difficulty(ouad upon his person, tbe idea, if not of the murder, certaiaiyof his suicide, was uadoabtsdly premeditated The a s * * are dated a t the Metropolitan Hotel, aad written with an unsteady, trembling hand, aad are much blotted aad iaterltoed. la oae, direetod to Mr. Job* W. Smith' of Mobile,hesays—I am about to commit that which will astonish you, sad I i«ave some instructions with Messrs. Letead b Co.in regard to m y body.Xha tetter was probably written after hisTtee Irtate-Aaaerlaaa Steamers. TBE BTBAMSHir BRAZIL.This Btesmsbap arrived here an Friday last from Gel-way. She a owned by Mr. Lover and bis friends, bywhem she was purchased from tbe European aad Amencan Steamship Company, and awe now ilies the emeraldcolors of the Galway aad New York line. The Brazil a aniron screw steamer of 2,700 toss register,sad600 nominalhorse power, rigged as a barb. Her.length * 284 fast overall, breadth of ocam 48 test, aad depthjof bold 49 feet H erexterior is not tbe most prepossessing of the vessels of tbe Galway line, hot her cabin and internal arrangements for the comfort and safety of passengers are equal to those of any otber steamship afloat. Bar saloon * *>feet tang byA i eeolation was offered piotaitag tor to* laterttea of a rule m me Itoetotom rogatoteag toe fotstota by tbs «te»- erai Ooabereaee of ail book ithe eon ItobaHiK-•trarfsa*of h *ttematrem, making manyatbatJoiy 1*WB ibmUngated la to* greemsttooGrand Sachem of toe Tammany Sodtty, and hat always been legwfdea as one of toe "wheel horses of to*Bast litatasar " HB * a a a a of fine totems,tag maeh met sat groat energy of character—abend to » rautt—which has no doubt aided greatly tab* a n swatage.alitoilnr; tea oae brother, a **ysr, reaidtagta tha city, aad of the firm os Crummsmade adesperatespringfor It, aad w a s re- From sadated noteswtth the government.,a depressing effect upon h * mind that he determined to Be afterwards returned to h * hotel, and left there again The Gazette represents miatagbetween tbe prisoners aad vtetters.ctonald was not confined on tha corridor If he bad been, Mr. Fowler received his appointment in 1883, others state Tbe United States steep of-War he couid not have beea supplied with poison thatitwasowingtohistoogreat liberalitytohtapolitical twoo'clock. TaeWade, wheae mock, a Istnmitag rapidly. Imcrtia a**** farmed at the violent demonstrations of her companion so eacuy, aad hte intention of commuting toe J are—two aad 4t* p friends, to whom he made temporary loans of t t e governsight wtbJie tups of tbe hotel, Macdonalc drew his revolver, and, «ith unerring aim, sent the fatal ballet crashing through iter tkull. The street was as crowded as a usual upon a July afternoon, and high above tbe din and bustle of the ausy throng rose tbe shriek of tha murdered woman, sum mailing thonsaads to the spot.Maw Jersey.. Jaataaa an will tote Wads, a s * Ohio will drop Cham arte*rbailotn and amport;,bsttosb»ts lnligaiteB from Now Tort to .*«ded many yards, however, and jest as she reachedtUctuaaarro Cur . May 6—W p Ontbetestdayat toesemta* tte Umato tttvsr of Balaa, written by Hair, sacTtee Methodist£placop*,lfmremee* TWTLTfU DA T.Bcmio, May 8, I860.tnd at the tosttosttoa of her friends she ran towards tne Braadreth Bouse, designing to enter It aad tonssuicide might have beea frustrated. The netting mentmoneyforttepurposeofextricatingthemfromdif-Mil, which has ores signed by tte G o wthe issuance ofbundstor8200,800fortteratefof of unfunded claims against tte State, a* tte sa* proved by tbe popular vote at the aext generalsespe h a distasteful persecutionsBetore she had proon the lower corridor has proved of lnvaloabte service to preventing vBiters supplying tbe inmates of tbe cells with liquors, weapons aad potoms, aad why it should not beased on all the other ct -riders w e cannot imagine. W e suppose, sow tbat Macdonald has succeeded ta defeating tbe ends of justice, the ContmSaioners will remedy the evil, and adopt the netting thrssghout tbe entire prison.The inquest upin tbe body of the suicide-murderer will be commenced at nine o'clock to* morning by Coroner Jackman. Macdonald was about twenty nine years of age, sad was a native of TTuniIBBSTJI .inus the murderer of Virgima Stewart has committed the same crime against h * own life, and to escape the sen- tence of an earthly tribunal, be has appeared, with boldficulty, whteb ttey fatted to repay; others state that he has resorted at various times to the stock market, aad was unfortunate. These, we state, are rumors.Another reason assigned a , that owing to the failure of Congress to provide tor the expenses of the Post office Department, the Post Offices throughout the country were for a white obliged to pay their expenses oat of their re- ceipts, under the direction of tbe Postmaster, aad th* also afforded a channel for peculation aad dishonesty.On tbe other hand, it * alleged that Mr. Fowter bad a man* for speculating in new patents for sewing machines, steamboat propellers, car brakes, fee. aad that since h* connection wtth the New York Post Office he baa owned no tots than twelve or fifteen patent*, out ol which but one turned out a success, and that tbe car brake specula Hon, which ta now being used wtth suscess, aad whose value, it * alleged, with the ideauifteation of hta rare ties (78,000), will nearly, If not quite, balance n * accountATTEMPTS AT sGlCtDB.w a s testaaUy seized, b n tRev. Dr. Bttosoa, President of tte Canada WesieysaCbafereBOB, was introduced to tte Conference, ami pre-sented an address, which was road aad referred. Dr.Stinraa afterwards addressed toe Conference ta a* elo- quent manner He was followed by Bsv. Mr.a oo delegate trrm tbe tame Conference.A petttten was pismwloit from too Jab* atomNew York, praytag for aid for IW permanent eadowaatat,Macdonaldaesperete attempts to commit suicide by shooting niasetf through toe head. He bad tbe pistol raised aad oa auger upon tbe trigger, when officer Roberto wrench >o the p*tol from hte hand. Even when removed to the•<mion bouse tbe Idea of suicide seemedL.jid. When tbe officer banded the pistol to his superiorit being the first ttathoatat n-wisipai church sa tinent. Referred to a apeetai irranaHttes Of five.th* Con-made mostuppermost in histreat, at the bar of h * offended God.treturn from Boston, and while depressed s 3ti (eat wide, and superbly tarnaaed, aad tbe portion upwards.to* illsuccess of bis search tor h* mistress At tbe station boas* Macdonald admitted b * guilt, bat ^Mthathehadtestailcontrolofhltawtf;behadbea saaspree,aadwasnottob*righttenses;bewasso' faring from the excitement of nun, and so carried a pis- tol and dirk, which he was not in the habit of doing, and m^t Virginia had been h a ruin and deserved her fate In tfr—» matements h* defence on his trial was foreshadowed. Atftrsthe appeared to be laboring under grest amatolbnt gradmuly recovered upon h a removal to Daring the night he teomnrt curious absaoftheshipallottedtothe seoaad clam passengers Is so Mr.Fowter wasborn atNewbury, Orange cooaty,X rpacions that the can conveniently accommodate 000 of Y wm educated at Colombia Collage, tatb**etty a s them. Her saloon affords berths a n i staterooms for 100_ bat tow tocsrva* cf fressam from. pton. trow to**'to lime, strong hopes en- barUntitled Document•ad StA bafidlsf ta MowaH Pteeemes« ataaataetarem s a d otnert, aajrn: Damage 86,980.II barattito-toqnirtestoBwaatliThe New York Peat Office * now in charge ofP i l l I Mir •teWtei King, wtth, Mr. Orpatt HolbTeok,toeanec*Jag«ttrftb*Pom'^»ItepartB»eat tmttttoeythaBhavotaveatigated the whose aiUa- MrFOWIST'Bbeadsmen,G.t fiawiaisailiswsn law,am to tte asm of atrtnty f v * QtoBsaed.Golters,lore. HertripfromGalwaytothaport,includinga «iayofeighteensoarsatSt.Johns,Newfoundland,oc- eupts* only twelve days and mteen hours altogether.goouMasbadacquiredb*profamtoa,teaamaaaosdthe M d.; %>3Unfortunately, Macunder the administration of President Pierce, from whom* ^ich te coBtotferably aoove the average of wester* pasrsgn, aad her captain expeeto tost she will make to*tetters pseaage ta a shorter time. Though she sailednine hours ane- the C-mard steamer As*," she called atSt Johns. transacted her bustoem there, sad arrived atta* part oa toe same days a* tost vessel—from whichtact t a estimate of bar amgotng qualitfcs m ay te fanimany Bah branch of tte ttemosrsoy obtained. Her commander^ Cbjptoto_ Campbell, itTbe cashier's department, under tbe charge of Mr. responding Btcuetarv of 'Caidwell, from which advances have always beea madeto tbe Postmaster, hoids toll sad mtefsotory voucners torall sums paid to him, eo that t t e criminality and blame recommending too aperoprtatalone attach to Mr. Fowter. Ha, by hta prerogatives of office, bad tte absolute right to withdraw funds by giving his receipts for the various amounts.As we stated before, Mr. Fowter was appointed by Mr. Pierce,and continued in office under the present admina- tration, and has therefore beea in office seven years aadpress, etc , to the ssaaagera of ttepractice of ttetew,%tmdtorfifteenyears, ep to the time of h** anpatatmsat of Past- of Mew York, raabed as oae of tte aaato prompt aad reliable lawyers attached ta tte Hew Y « k bar. He tea ever tee* active ta New Tot* politics, sad for toe test four years tte leader of tterotate at Newborg-teaaeverebtow*nected wttb tbe Pott Office Dunaitomat.iown am, m aay way whatever, or shall , by way of in extra, 21 * e ; a r e , test Uj»c Forms* bam flj m!SffTJ!! •Si*** »»»*bras**;cvfite,» ©.,gftos ; Costa Bwa, 19c.; hard coal, $18 to tosstetoygeess firmer; dribs, 9\c- she-tags OtfB. toeam, ehwtaa, ids.Moneytorto morrow'• a eigagvarcatB too aj have t ruieat88eoto par;eight(Stat* pension claims, teavtag tbatmg: to submit to a vote of tow BBBBW) wa•be trans routii uniai tetegraobMoney matters are quite easy. Gold a par.Twenty threechange m tae slavery rate, sad iDr. Cuax, from toe OummtaimtnctngDaaab amending comtmestef s htotcps; ateo ta rwsc* in htdta; ipnaooua tor * ^ * f •fTM"l JB ,*• **" fetei era; e*o agataet aay arriata* af to* ami. madam Alladopted.Mr Caass, from t t e Court of of restortog Bey Mr Croevey from tte New York Caen revtrtwgttesemtomofport tThemto too typeweary af amke'peers where toe tow* a tTtewhttbercharacter of Mr (tolas, a mirt ~A teataotte* of ttesreas, havtagtbeetemratoat rejected after aA destraettve fire occurred at '> •Sy aftenmoon,at tte etty.ibs«»e«,fflcaiditigi—maticr andtoerinnaatsBtmadem*wuaaeattyaais « » * « ' a t e MaeAeiis^tot Lm*«l'*4,tt6. btaiitt a llSn^Sto^ls^aB-Mto ta flared, r,.„nM,B,toe bawwmst t eby i Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com"• •« 