 1IallIaI;!':h,Hf> *I'»In the Lobby—Tlio City Bail Ftxed forttoe Toll Cineasion—Thethe Alinkboute Passed the «4aara,ntlnc. Tax Levy, «Sfc., dBc.o a a s r a o t A x ALBANT DESPATCH. AXBAXT, April 14,1880.Small Loaa vT tana L.ibernla-War will. Uaa United 8ta,Ui-Anoth*r Irerent or Mlrsmoa'i Army-Arrival of Miniate. •eltsama a t Ymrm Crux—Mlramon'i Arm) lav Want, eVe).Bythe steamshipSolent,whicharrived at Havanaoc the 4th instant from Vera Cms, we have dates from tha' city to the 1at inst.sew policy is for tbe eetaeattoneatof a asp sad kept up by Faroeean Powers. , policy has already been nettled on bv the Iof Europe. We know Mexico oeoaptos i_ European Powers; and certatoly vhateaa thav tablnh a monarchy,.if they try to give r tothecountiy?The clergy have come out with another]tbe McLane tr«ary, Y ankees In general, Buchanan's message to particular The noesaaaat to n string <>f nocEensical bosh, fall of old absoraitiea. saaay downright new lafeebooda, and a few pervert* Altogether it shows the clergy are uneasy.WHOLE NO. 862L jaci TUTnai ouremiyjyitoi »'««"'-'fllyKpi|»H*•••• **•*wrecked M victor* aa fan Uth of aPAwsflpw/w/ SSBBIU anwan I——SUNDAY MORNING, APRIL 15, 1860.---WPORTANT ROM THE STATE CAPITAL aa the fare, it is also said that the Senate c o m m a s *ONE WEEK LATER FROMMEXICO.•i mm as*n»»»>n*%»an^aa«'«en*n*»nwaj»as>a>an»wwz—whtielfcfwaes, the man who (MmmeaoeJ these bar- baroua aaanuanW n sett tha pet of the censor.Beto Oat a*.parchases tar ths first fortnight to March-hence real datoass of trade since hasroom has been a failure, as far as producing any satisfactory result so far an the canal men are concerned. In all matters connected with the railroadtogtatotionthere have been two extreme parties. First, we have the Clinton League, who have been inatsttog that the bands shall be placed uponat eayevor trace. Twsntf thanfini daParshas the city treasury toThe Washsa mines axcitemeat to still Innmeailng, the the several railroads of the State to the greatest extreme,a m U h kprsa thssSnijiii at the barest hall ia the any, •a Caute aetea ontoera, both on a and militaryaVk M . _•>_ » •»» _J m swwBjflLa flajHfcaUB eawnam i H a n a Wa» rrcsjasa raraawniea—.,,*i ana . enAttsmanw^ankBwM*»-• jnasejnw»3aJJnwB>OQi_ L BH \of the Voyage ofhave been made OTer oaa hundred miles up die Humheld! The Spanish chums, totoated where the thatthtofate wiU befall the Susquehanna Railroad bill Relating to the Colonial History of the State.Fxchanges by this mall are at from is to 50 per cent pre- mium on Europe. This does not show mncb SsaswaSBSS on the part or the bankers ia the chances of aa early im- provementTbe clergy have, I am informed, y Mded in toto to tha ultimatum of Mr. Matnew, her MaJrsWto charge d'af- faires, who is therefore forced to bids hto time tar further orders, or at least instructions.Last night tbe band of Aurehana slept in Baa Angel, a place some ten miles off. Today we hear Oarvajai, Ala- triste, &c , sre just over the mountains, with 8,000 menMYSTERIOUS AFFAIR.Probable Harder nt Jersey City—A male Found Gagged andtbe Btvtr-Marki of Violence.* About five o'clock yesterday morning,watchman Baldwin was engaged at htoCanard dock, at Jersey City, bis astonttoa was attracted tosomething to tbe water si ths end of the York i dock. Upon clocer inspection, beit to be the feet of a human being.bead and body immersed under water. Thinking thatthis might be one of the victims of the stoop Spray, ar tha oyster boat E. A. Johnson, officer Baldwin snmmoaed hto partner, and the two attached a rope to ens of the legs, snd attempted to draw the body to the surface af tha water, when they found that it was held firm by some weight attached to it They than mads the hasfast to the dock, and notified Coroner Morris. Ths Con- ner shortly after proceeded to the spot, aad, upon taking out the body, found it to be that of a woman in a per- fectly nude state, with the exception of a yoke of a chlmlsette, and about three inches of the top of a white cotton stocking. One end of a rope was found passed around the neck, drawn twice tightly through the mouth, which caused the tongue to protrude. Ths raps was fas- tened by a pecunar knot, called by boatmen "timberthe Oorporatloop a t MHfr respects hi*- ala the joint* Itwaaestimatedthat3,000whiteiammmmm raws FBOM CARSOH TAU.IT. CUneoH QTT, April 4, I860.The excitement in regard to the silver and golda thto region » unabated. Handreda are pouring in from all narta of California. asertely a company who arehave failed in striking rich ore where they to Bad it The mineral region extends for dee in erery direction, and rich diaooTeriesA »ew iBterenrtattoB given tejnei i of Mr.riots art!Lastdiplomat, much as htoVera Crui-Mlramon't Loss 18,000 Man- be to at' Itoe-**-^T"paSJSnwtTV- ^*re first opened, were yielding $20,000 par day. ia changing haada at from 1100 to $200 par w o t Lake and Walker river country is rich in Hundreds are prospecting in that region, and 'ith good success. Or* to now being shippedagain this year, as also the city railroads ; the Insolvent Debtors' bill, aad others, hi regard to which the probabil- ity is mere speculative.Although there to a general conviction that the Gover- nor will veto the gridirons, the passion for passing such bills seems to continue unchecked. Another road, begin-To fix the salary of the chief dark of the Surrogate's seven been wounded. Of the inhabitants one had dtotival stores maotive aad nominal. Otto quiet 1,800 bbto. have come in, which need transhipment for a market. A lot of rape seed oil from Japan will need a similar Unseed, tord and china oils are dan aad un-fight for the Seventh district, were not forgotten.The new Quarantine act, with the old commission and S100.0CO appropriation, was introduced and laid over in the Assembly to-day.The act to fund the floating debt of the city waa passedJrocxxxTs Arrnucsn.—Ogden agt Peters and others;Jowett agt. Banning; Howell agt Hungerford and anotherwith teu per cent damages; Gondii agt. Baldwin; Nelson etal. agt. Belmont; Pangs, Receiver, agt Skidmore; Belmontagt Coleman et al.; Griffin agt Hodges with ten per centdamages; Purvis agt Coleman and another; Dunham agt.Whitehead with ten per cent damagesiSmith agt Law withfive per cent damages; Rational Fire Insurance Companyof New York agt McKay; CosUgan agt Cuyler; Ely agt.Kirkland Height agt Price .Chuteau et al. agt Whitney exe-cutor; Bennett agt Judson; Judd agt. O'Brien et al.Drumgold agt. Drumgold, administrator; Cromwell a g tOver main, with 10 per cent damages; McKennan et al a g tBliss; Miller agt. Wilkes, with 8 per cent damages; Mar-shall agt. Mosely; Lemon agt the People; Arculariusetal,executors, agt- Sweet, administrator, with 10per centdamsges; First Baptist Society of Syracuse agt Robinson;Pruyn agt. Black, with 5 per cent damages; Hammondagt. lehiier: Burnside agt. Whitney, with 10 per centdamages; Clement agt. Cash; Cordell agt. McNeil; Lau-rence, receiver agt. Nelson et al; Brown agt Ham-mond, with 10 per cent damages; Bartlett agt. Judd,with 10 per cent damages; Griffin ctal agt. Marquardt et al but Comonfort has more partisans amongst the liberals cated, an extensive bruise on the left breast aad as fibs Boughton agt Otto; Oswego starch factory agt Dollowaychanged. Ottve oft still rules higher. Provisions are finally, as was the bill providing for a further Croton loan.gaining fir sweat Bacon 12^c. a 18#c. for best brands. A new game law, with a stringent provision, will g > New butter is slow sales of the best, via the Isthmus, at into opt ration, having been passed finally today.tempt of taking that place, and are to move on towards this point, to swell,the forces destined for another siege of Mexico.As no petscc could be found to identify the body, ino further evidence touching this mysterious affair ' forthcoming, it was decided to adjourn the investigation until Tuesday next, *n order to give it publicity, ]that the circumstances may come to the notice of I27tfc, though many holders demand 80c Brined hamslSo. Lard less firm; J. H. h Co. s, by the $0 cases, caabe bought at 1 5 * c pork in steady inquiry:-^xtra clear$22, and $11 Tor mess, SIS 60 for prime aad $15 SO forforeign. Baw sugars drooping: No. 1 China dull, at Sjtfc;domestic better maintained ; sales of New Orleans at 13c.sad choice muscovado at 12c. Foreign bandies ia specutotive request aad rates advanced, bat dealers are doingnothing other spirits are dull; American drooping. act curing the recess.Alcohol Toe Teas greatly depressed. Wines unchanged Ball to Madison square, passed the Assembly by a two78 casks of claret per the ship Jean Paajuir are yet in thirds vote.Mr. Conkling introduced a new Quarantine bill to day,and asked unanimous consent to have it referred to a se SAX FIU.NOSCO, April 3—3:30 P. M- lect committee. Objections were made, and It was re- ferred to the Committee of Commerce and Navigation.the frien ds or acquaintances of the unknown' PORT MORTEM EXAMINATION.The Almshouse bill passed the Senate, also the South Whiskey 48 a 44c Brandy 45c. Pure spirits 42.'ic. and West street Railroad. The bill to remove the Citystrangulation, or by the rope, the toft collar bene dislo- right side of the stomach.key, 40c. a 4SJtfC Alcohol, 78c Preach wises, tower.declined 28 cents per bbL; all kinds of dosseetic i first time in many years. A large number of miscelHouck agt. Huad.Judgment rctertfd and.judgment of Special term affirmeddirector of the factory, a Scotchman, named Robertson: but Mr. Robertson refused to have anything to do with him, stating that as a foreigner he had no right to haveBong Kong, 30th, Eagle Wing for New York.Sailed April », ships Expounder, for Callao; 3d, Ganges Oassa Telegraph aad Harveyproposed should be transferred to the Comptroller. After a brisk debate, ia which the overweening assumption of the Comptroller's friends was pitched Into, the MayorIhe arrival of part of oor band of filibusters to a grati.We shall give them a private ralutation. They are theJoachim. B Carlea, AUen Tllltogham A 8 Boh Leweaatefa.,rorC*Jtoo.fromTahatte,January4, s u pModernawas sustained in the bin by a large rote. This aSalr was sippl river, and brought the reaW'utof tha officers and entitling him to consideration amongst the most noted of Ttompeon atd ate iTbomas BeH-Cabm, up designedly to show that the measures killed here crews of the Mlramoa snd Marquis of the Havana cruel savages. This ruffian, named Bojae, eBtered we TotaLTre Specie, 880,000.88b, whaieahip Splendid for home; 16th, whalsship war-honor of the prompt arrival of the first ItaFraacfcco. ths ton nan m.• ,_^^^p « «^^^^^»»ww m^^^ ^ssnjBj wnnw s n w 8 n••T, fp$XVsfiV V l H •ntnto onMsTOpr |sj|8J |that ths Governor intends to veto these bills. B tothought that ths delay is made to expectation that thelei-stature will adjourn, hat a large majority of bothboosts will sittong enough to compel the Governor toreturn the bills with his veto. The ten days within which on Friday night a fire broke out in the moulding loft situ- r " u m s of lust and cruelty But we must say this torfc,, 1 ***£2'f "'£*wasto H»* sooner tskea by ths KKCUMVS.The vetoes of the Albany aad Sufquehanna Railroad billwind and are beginning to reap the whirlwind. |^hoarehorrifiedattheactoof Rojas look back tobaya and Tepic, where Innocent Americans wereered through tbe hellish malice of the clergy. Atbaya, on the 11th of April tost, after the defeat of theliberals, priests to their robes were seen with the rabblesoldiers, urging them to murder the wounded found onthefieldofbattle. Rojaswsssome timeagointbeCOD drew_stitnttosal service, but was outlawed for inhuman aeto. SnVdWB ^arfwrn?' OreeaJCBarkar.BBOar- Since 'hen as has gone oa hto own account, making war28, at eint o'clock to•'Untitled DocumenttoMttoMhW atMDubton.WBury. BBaa Paea. C_Q Uatoy. D 1 Paitontnry,We are act "kich »eft here oaths 3d last.* tg*0rstormat*V nw•en^nwnH^n BnNnw aVabVnm0nwE D * — «nn« - » ^ . TTM " 1end Assembly Conference Committee on the >Ul met this afternoon, and had a long seesr^o?ssvna n^fh? Asn?ffik*&?rMrffig E fare.on ths Cnatoal Road, aad oomp,limf roead to mruan onaea dairly train way , asr mile. The Coat-time the fire was supposed to have bee-JBAVABB. (las Feed.rofl-OaoWmeeting, but it is regarded as eertato now that they will anallyagreetodisagree. Ittotherefore, newlyasettled factthatnotollsoreommatationbillwillpass uanyform.AiBAJtr, April 14, I860. The bill to provide against unsafe buildingsin BowYork was ordered to a third reading.The bm to reorganise tha Harbor Master's DepartmentCapitol, to waiting in silent and gloomy anticipation York.of an avalanche of vetoes. It seems to be conceded To preserve wild deer, birds and fish.The bill to grant lands under water to George Baumaa to San Praadsco for smelting. Fire different companies ning in Forty second street, was passed to a third read- was lost. The motion to reconsider waa laid on the table.Tangements to ship their oreasaoon as tog in the Assembly yesterday, and to-day the linoconveyance can be had. The ore sent yields from $3,000 to proposing to circumscribe the city through South, West and other streets, known as the Belt road, passed both $2^00pertoa. Discoveries of gold bearing quartz are Chambers. The Broadway project, which created suchThe New York Almshouse bill, abolishing the office of the Ten Governors and creating a department of public charity, came up for final pssage.Mr. Haanox]) (rep.) moved to recommit. Lost, 11 being mado every day. Machinery of erery description a fluttering in the regular gridiron brigade some days tola.ia on ita way here for the purpose of crashing, smelting, e'nee, is urged now in a new aad particularly striking am. Town property hi different localities ranges high. aspect. Ita charter provides for and evades those objec-Mr. TaraAsr (rep.) moved to recommit, with instruc- tion; to amend.Many fire proof buildings are under construction. The to nwmaatog vary tost, and it is in two months the population will be fifty Society to very bad. There are no tows for of debts or tae punishment of criminals,and mordeis end fights are of daily occurrence.Freights from California are very high. Flour's now saltan, at $40 per 100 round*. Lumber to worth $30 per llhnrr-r* at some placei in the mines, sad other things are selling in proportion.The weather is stormy to day, with a heavy fan o." snow on the mountaJr s. «The pony express to greeted with great enthusiasm by the people of this Valley, sad as we have had bat* semi- monthly mail during the past winter the prospect of a quick communication with friends in the Bast is very encoursging.tions upon which the Governor is expected to veto thebills now passed. It steps out upon the original platformof the city railroad combination, and heads off all otherroads by a return to the great rente, the central avenueof the city. As the backers of the scheme are heavy phy (J. if.), Spinola and Truman.bankers, there would seem to be no need of material at hand to meet the peculiar exigencies of legislation hereThe Senate is only in session this evening.Mr. MCLBODMrnPHY offered a resolution to appoint s committee of three to investigate the affairs aad condition aa soon as either the Weed or Law factions find their of the Central Park, to sit daring the recess, with powerpresent plans ia danger. B to, however, doubted whether the Governor will not defeat everything by re faatng even to veto, as the bodies here may not hold In session until the tea days of executive consideration are up, on Wednesday. B to act Improbable that some new and extraordinary evolutions on the gridiron may be de- veloped from the intense ferment which prevails among the parties now anxiously waiting the executive action on their inter*sta.The final passage of the new City Hall bill today, pre sects an event which will naturally mark another great epoch in the municipal annals of New York. When built, the location of the municipal offices at Madison Squareto report to the next legislature. Adopted unanimously. Mr. ftunsY asked for consent to report the Highlandcounty bill favorably.Objections were made by Mr. WILLIAMS.The following bills were passed:—To amend the law of indictments and proceedings there-on.Relative to certain assortments for streets, avenuessnd roads in Brooklyn.For the payment of interests oa canal drafts.The Insolvent bill, as amended in the assembly, wasconcurred m and finally passed by 17 to 7.An attempt was made to take from the table and passthe! bill to authorize the publication of the RevisedThe telegraph hue to now complete to Miller's sta- will be a fitting landmark, which, In connection with the Statutes, but after a long debate the bill was again laid on on the 28th ultimo. Degollado bad leit the "Ministry oftion, thirty miles east of this city, and aa office will be at that point during the present week. In two the line will be in operation sixty miles sttB farther last, when the time will be reduced to eight sayspatches.Although the weather has been unprecedentedly severedining the peat whiter, the road over the Stona Nevada Mountains has been opea for travel the entire season.It is hoped that Congress win give thia country a Ter- ritorial government thia session.H1WS FBOM JAPAN.By the rewhntoa atvtota tram Japin are received tothe 15th of February. The government of Japan bad commenced atomptng Maxima dollars, making them legal currency hi that ••oontry, thsa obviating one of the prin- cipal dlfflcuhjes ia prosccutin j trade with foreigners.a s w a raojM T H S SANDWICH ISLANDS.from the S-udwich Bdauda is unimportantCentral Park, will permanently fix the centralisation ofthe city in one mass, Instead of dividing its growth withLong Island, New Jersey, aad Richmond county. Theact. after much delay, makes at last every suitable provision for a building worthy of the city. The appropria-tion is one million of dollars, to be rained upon an tome of"City Ball stock." The best feature of the act to the ex-cellence of the commission in view of the work to be done.Wiisoa G. Hunt, as the financial and buaneas mem-ber, will ensure confidence as to proper manage-ment Mr. Salmon to the architect of the Union ClubHouse on Fifth avenue, of Moses Taylor's mansion, andsome thirty of the private palaces In that neighborhood.H e n regarded as one of the first men of hto professionto the country. John B. Corlies is better known as aleading builder of the heavy warehouses ia the lowerpart of the city. The prevailing fashion of fireproof floors,made with iron girders aad a angle brick arch, now socommon in New York, was first applied and introduced ality with which he has discharged the arduous duties of by htm. The Harper buildings and many other of theBy the Mexican correspondence of the Diarto de toMarina we are informed that Miramon was compelled toraise the siege of Vers Cruz, having neither provisionsnor munitions of war, which were on board the capturedsteamers General Miramon and Marques de to Habaaa. hitch.'' The other end of the rope was fastened to a bar-The schooner Emma t e a k s , of New London, at Honolulu oa the lftih of March.arrivedbest fireproof buildings were put up by him. It is a sub- vert for general COTgratulation that so promising a deliv- erance to at band from the rubbtohry disgrace which the City Hall Park presents. Aad as the act to sell a portion of the latter for a Post Office has passed the Assembly, the few more steps requisite for this architectural revolu- tion abouM not be permitted to encounter any mischievous interference.the chair during the session. Carried unanimously.Mr. CiiucoT asked consent to move to refer the Brook-lyn Cheap Ferry bill to be reported complete,Mr. Miixxx objected.The Governor has signed the Long bland SteamboatCompany, Richmond and Bergen Point Ferry bill; the bills to divide the Sixth Judicial district of New York; to extend the term of the Now York constables two years; to incorporate the New York Homeopathic College; to sub- ject foreign insurance companies to State tows; to widenThe McLane lreat#—The Anticipation! of Ike PeopU of theMexican Capital—Movementt of General Ortega—Califor-nia KUbutten Joining the Liberal Force* of Qtneral Alvara at Acapuko—Their Alleged Sympathy for KaPreH-dtnt Comorfort—ihe Predatory Operations qf the Church on one of the vessels; told my partner, Peterson, Party in the Valley of Mteico—•UntuccatftU Attempt to aad we went down aad hitched a rope to one of Black Mail a Scotch Cotton Manufacturer—Gueril the legs in order to hoist the body up to see who la Depredatknt in the State of Jalisco—UoiribU State of It was, wheh I discovered that the body was anchoredCAIIFOBXIA COMMBBCIAL MBW8. SABFBABCSSDO,April3-3 P. M.for the peat week has been devoid of any ofThere will be no Toll bill agreed upon by this Legisla-ture. The Comm Ittee of Con ference are still at logger Fourth avenue to Brooklyn; to incorporate the Southwest-York street pier; it struck me, that B might be one of the persons that bad been murdered recentlyagh the market to notyetJbbbery and Sacrilegt the Orltr <f the Day, dc.The ratification of the McLane treaty will overthrow the schemes to place Mexico under European protection; whereas its failure will give new life and strength fo the efforts of those who are trying to cure the ills of this un- fortunate country by giving it a monarchical governmentWhile the population of this capital are looking abroad for some solution of the Mexican problem, the constitu- tional chiefs in the interior are redoubling their efforts to triumph without foreign aid. The bands that were so lately defeated and scattered have again formed, and are moving towards the centre once more. Ortega has taken Zacatecas, and from thence moved upon aguacalientos, taken tbe place, and is now moving into the Bajio, to ope- rate with other constitution il forces pointing their course to the same centre. Before this the troops irom the fron- tier should have passed to this side of San I.uis Potest, which place I believe they are not going to attack unless it is found to be very wesk. In Morelia they are daily gaiaing strength, and are reported to have some three to four thousand men ready for the field. Guadalajara to surrounded by the constitutionalism under Ogaronand Valle, but it is understood they are to abendon the at-present when the body was taken up, aad found that it was attached to a barrel of pitch: On rope wss passed through the mouth twice and drawn vary tight, so much so that the tongue protruded; tbe hitch of the rope waa whst boatmen can a Umber hitch; the rope was about teafeet in length; the water where the body was found to about twenty feet deep at high tide, aad about thirteen feet at low tide: do not think the barrel bad floated at all, but think the body aad barrel bad been thrown into tha water at the same time.Peter Peterson testified—I am a private watchman at . the Canard dock; I corroborate the testimony of officer Baldwin: the barrel was about ten feet from the dock; danot think it had moved after it was thrown to tbe water; I have been a night watchman at that dock the past three years, and have frequently beard screams ia that vicini- ty : the last time we heard a scream at that place waa about three o'clock in the morning some ton days ago,country trade, keeping stocks down to a to w point nend-for, the special benefit of the canal forwarders; whilst onthe other band the railroad men have taken the ground ing the changes that the large emigration to that region that there shall be no farther legislation without removing may work when the spring fairly opens. There is a more restrictions as far as they are concerned. In this quarrel • Legtotatura, the Governor and cttixens healthy desaaad for goods from regular dealers. The of the two extremes those standing between, who were ready for moderate legislation, have been tied up and un- cosntry trade has ran hare, and to calling for supplies to able to do anything. The canal forwarders and the friendscret or open, of Richard B. Connolly, could approach the 9>Jc; sheetings 9c., with but few Helling. Fish quiet: old Senate. (>n the Almshouse, and probably other ques-cod to a drag. Fruit ia tin and glass declining—a large tions of less moment to the city, he has made but a for-W. W. Patterson, J. C. Greens and Cfaas. A. Peabody, Commifsioneis, the same as under the law of 1866; ap- propriate SKO.OCO and throws restrictions about the sale of the Quarantine property, aad the purchase of a new location.^ 1'nanimous corsent beingssked to report it com- plete.Mr.Jjgns objected.Decisions in Court of Appeals—March Term* 1860.af presents to the United States domestic crop will soon come oa the market. Dried mal record in the negative. At least one democrat, if not two members of the new commission, will not be repugfruits unchanged. Gunny bags improved to lie. Malt nsnt to him, should this measure pace The fate of theliquors without impipvemeat Molasses aad syrups arecharter, the city deposits and other bills in which it was supposed Bay or Wood bad any interest, were met by Senator Connolly in a temper which indicated that his de-losing their late buoyancypackages are much tower. Nails are heavy at 3\'c. Na- feat, on the nomination for Comptroller, and his toughwhen Baldwin aad myaett saved a man frost drowning, he was a stranger, from New York, dressed in black clothes, and apparently an Irishman; do not know that any schooner loaded with pitch has told at that dock verv recently.East Boston sells at 20c.; largerheads upon the question. The Senate committee insist that if tolls are placed upon the road all restrictions in re- gard to fare shall be removed, and upon this point the indications are that the question will fall. 'The caucusingern Mining land Company, aad a large number of others of leas general interest.the specu'stive operations which have characterised buai-siace the year opened. Operators have completed of the Senators aad State officers in Governor Morgan .- ranee Co. of New York bad been brought to him by aperson named H. M. Hermans, with a list of names pur- porting to be a select committee to report the bill com- plete, with himself as chairman. Not auspecting fraud, be bad reports* the bill complete. He sow found that no such committee had been appointed, aad hat he had been Imposed upon.The SFUKKR expelled Mr. Hermans from the floor, to which he had access under pretence of being the re- porter for the Syracuse Journal. Mr. Hermans is under- stood to have no connection with the Syracuse Journal whatever .The Supply bill came from the Senate amended.Mr. Comoro stated that the bill had been increased meet the consumption. Heavy rains bare fallen within of tolling have only their own friends to blame for not ac- by the Senate one hurdred thousand dollars. He hoped the week, which- must again obstruct trains compltohing anything this winter. the House, by a unanimous vote, would put the stamp offar a few days. Boats aad shoes are much The vote on the passage of the department for "come reprobation on this action of the Senate.tioc and charities," today, in the Senate, is the key to the The House refused to concur in the amendments of thedepressed. Adamaatina candles are quotable at 19c combination by which the charter and all other special Senate by a vote of 88 tol—Mr Decker.Anthracitecoal is$13a$1450per ton. Coffeeunsettled. cityactsofthekindhavebeendefeatedthiswinter. Only Mr. coKiixii, by unanimous consent, introduced a mil B e e 17 a 18#e. Dry goods still very heavy: driDs firm at such of there as could secure the tacit consent, either se- to provide for the Quarantine. The new bill makes G.The biiIs to incorporate a Saddle Horse Club, and the Artists' Fund Association of New York, were enacted.We have a curious report from Arapulco, to the effect that a large number of men have landed there from Can forma, and are organizing with the troops of Guerrero for the purpose of coming up here. The official paper here ban declared that ulibusters have joined with the forces of eld Alvarez, and many conjectures are afloat as toThe Unsafe Building act is detained in the Assembly, for concurrence on a slight amendment of the Senate.The Tax levy passed the Senate as reported yesterday, after a pertinacious effort of Senator Spinola to insert an amendment for Jacob Sharp of 841,000, without regard to the action of courts on bis Wall street ferry claim/Dr. Quidor, Gty Physician, made a careful post i examination of the body, which was in a good state ofThe last effort in the cause of cheap ferriage was made to-day by Mr. Callieut, for a committee of Investigation, tothe Americans are to play a part in favor of Comonfort, whose star will be in the ascendant if Juarez fails to hold Vera Cruz- As it is, I am not certainabout ten days. He found considerableblood in the throat, which might have bean eaased b jAll kiads of business much depressed. Pork and The bill provides for the sale of the old Quarantine pro Jv<tj,ner>t Rtvcrted and New trial Ordered.—RochesterThe operations of the constitutionalists in this valley thick set, black hair, teeth all perfect, with the exception have been attended with a rather severe drawback.party, and the purchase of a new location, for which last firmer, without much activtty. Batter de purpose one hundred thousand dolllars are appropriated. : best Eastern, 22>ic. Sugars dull and declining: beat George W. Patterson, J. C. Greene and Charles A. Pea-China, 8 c a 8 * c ; Battel a crashed, 18*0. coffee firm body are named commissioners. Rio, 18c; Java, 30*£c. a He. Foreign brandiesCity Tank agt Blwood; Millbaak et a), agt Dennlston;Moore agt. Westervelt, Sheriff, &c.; Cotter agt Betnar; General Villalva, one of the guerrilla chiefs, came up of the right eye tooth and the molar tooth on tha Foster agt Beales, Messenger agt.jthe City of Buffalo; Ba- to Ay utla on the 20th ult. .and, after driving away tha left side, which were gone. The supposition to that ths ker agt. Higgins; McMahon, ex'r, agt N. Y. Central R.R. small garrison and frightening the inhabitants of the vil- deceased either belonged on board of a vessel or had Co; Mygatt et al. agt N. Y Protection Ins Co.; lage out of their wits and into this city, fell back uponChurch agt Brown; Jessup agt Hutoe et al.. Miraflores, a small place about thirty miles distant from been induced to go on board of one in that vtobnty, whereJudgment reversed and proaedvng of Oommimoners this. He occupied the place, and commenced looking she was violated, aad then perhaps murdered to preventdoing better , with considerable tales. Domos-tio spfrtts drooping; New York brands, 46c. a 40c Whis-POSTSCRIPT.AULOY. April 14—10 P. M.affirmed—The People agt Wheeler and others. about him for some one to make a loan of money frost Order affirmed.—Noble agt Oamwell. there being a large cotton factory in the place, an idea Judgment reversed and judgment fcrplaintiff in (he verdict. struck him that that waa the place. He called upon thean exposure.On the 14th of January last, Mr. F . a Wootoey mimeda barrel of pitch from the end of the. York street star. The impression of the physician, however,to that ths body could not have been in the watertwelve days.Arrivals aad Depstrtmra*The Senate held a Saturday evening session for the produce dull. Money far the steamer of the fith easy; ; taaeoua bills were reported to a third reading and passed.A resolution appointing a Central Park Investigation Committee, offered by McLeod Murphy, was a point of interest in the proceedings.The Insolvent act was finally passed, but it is though' wiU be vetoed.The vetoes of the city railroads sre expected on Mon day.The amount of money raised and sent up here to de- , 2»th, United States steamer Powhatan, from Ja feat the Almshouse bill was five thousand doltors. It hasRobinson, Receiver, sgt Bank of Attica.Order granting ruw trial reverted and judgment of Special anything to do with the chiefs of either party. Villal-quotations at two per oast oa good names or merchan- dise coliaterai.Mamma raws.8*5 FXAXOBCO, April 3,188a.Perm affirmed.—L'e Groff agt. American Linen Thread Co. Olcott agt Robinson.va, however, talked fairly to him, avowed he bad nothing but friendly intentions, and was the last man in the world to molest foreigners, and after some delaySinceult, ths following veaseis have arrived —rtftree affirmed—Pratt agt. Hudson River R. R. Co. Order granting new trial affirmed and judgment for dewhere be was given to eat and drink. He drank too much, and soon became very urgent for a loan of money, which was promptly and frankly refused him. He ex- hausted his persuasive powers in endeavoring to melt the heart of the stern old Scotchman, without effect, and toft the house apparently very well satisfied, but soon return- ed with some of his officers, and begged they might par- take of the hospitalities of the director, which w u grant- ed. They were no sooner in the house than they seized Mr. Robertson, and were in the act of dragging him off at tbe end of a lasso, when the foreigners employed about tbe factory opened a -harp fire on Villalva and his men. Villalva aad several of his officers were killed, aad the balance of his men best a rapid re- treat. Fortunately none of the foreigners were hurt The lesson has been a dear one to Villalva'.-s band, but hto friends, even, cannot complain of it, and it is to be hoped thev will hereafter avoid driving foreigners to extremities.In the State of Jalisco a guerrilla chief, but of no par Ucular party, has been distinguishing himself ia a manna-N i «Data, O H Chapln, O T Bewail. J TasderMlt, J J WbUe. Mr 8tanton,8Jra Stanton and two eMUren^ Mr Brtnton. Cant Gutor, tody and eafld, Mrthe departure of the overland mail of the 2 8 ^Arrived March SB, barks Rival, from Baltimore, aadley.Bice agt Webber., from Sydney; 27th, steamer Golden Age, frompan 80th, bark Rarer, from Japan; 31st, ship Sierra Ne vada, 87 days from Bastes; French ship Jean Bart, fromAjrtved March 91, brig Crimea, from Coronel; ship Otodtotor, from Alexandriabeen absorbed in the Senate, snd nothing will now hinder the passage of the bill in the Assembly.B is thought the bill in relation to the gate house aad reservoir in the Central Park, with a provision for Jay- ccckw claim, was passed finally. A party array was sought to be made on the clause giving the Mayor aO n r H a v a n a C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . H*viiu, April 9,1860,children. Mra Mary iargh. BiKlnfc Fm****?*ff£Z£."MTV sell, PMttrtell. itf*a F Cosnn, ?£«%-*UkmCts^^f, Graven, two dao.Wfra t't'SKjL^SrJTJ AswvwTo O T Wjllefb, P Pnber, L W » ^ ; " T T a E n i r * Bryden. B A J»meacm. V H o » J vaiWe have got the last of the holidays, and have had a from thence is bonnd to Talpaxatoo; 29th, ship Ovade Tor voice la the appointment of arbitrators, which it waa soul-comforting time. Ai ler to day we go to work.slnVSSni T jif.bTnT jsmteA.Husbfs. A MCMnbsrtBnrke.JT 1sin Jaatea Gray amSailed March 29, ship Hlndostaw far Pnget's Sound, tadsession were defeated oa account of Haws, and not ofWood. most delighted The refusal of the Conference Committees of the Assem- years.town of Tool on the 26th ult, sad at once setJ^* TMbly oa tolls, this evening, to accept three quarter canaliwa, far home; 19th waatoshlp JaBear for fhe North. rates of toll on railroads, or a commutation of one million Sunday we had the "bulls" la perfection-eight used• 8t h et h eApril 14, I860.ere tost night in New York city railroad bills. It to now believed certain asm to advise.three hundred thousand, to considered as a determination up with the knife for tha gratification of our refined tastes.of the canal men to send the question to the people at the next fall election They are to too sour a temper for any cnsnpTSSBna tbtonaslon.This evening we have a tiger aad tag fight ia the Buareoam Arena, and all the places have been taken, making a good speculation, even if dogs aad tigers are all killed.the Governor must send to hto veto, or tuffer the bflbte became a tow, expire oa Friday next, sad the Iagtoto- ture will not adjourn before that day, usk3s artton toKoUtTbe said the clergy had commenced the butonms by b^tobering in cold blood innocent aad good people, aad U,»t if i be clergy cou!d do such things and peopto not wander st It, why could not he, who did not profess to be religious, do the same? Verify ths clergy haveated in the shipyard of Mr. Wm. mmondson. at the ot Waihicgton and Milton streets, Green Point, aiaoed about 100 feet of the building. SOUK mouldings were in the loft at the time, whielthe Asti rent bill are expected to be sent to the stroyed. About two weeks ago the outer p a r t — ¥ .ime ton rnd the front shop were buraed dowa^Attnaat twa centsA Sun wrraorv A "offered to scree to the tolto. providing that tha same to *office of New York.To authorise a loan to increase the supply and extendthe works of the Croton Water.To authorize a railroad oa South and West streets,New York.Sad fifteen had been wounded. The families who had left the dry were rapidly returning to itIn reply to the protest of English Commander Aldham, against Miramon directing hto fire upon the houses of fo rcigners instead of against the batteries and fortifications, Mramon, when leaving, replied that he was not respon- sable, and that the serious events that had oxmrred (the capture of the steamers) had caused it The Traif de Unun says.—The national steamer Conatitucion. before the Americas steamer Indlanola, on the '23d ult arrived, towing a bark of 400 tons burthen, called the Maria do Ooncepoon, which had been cruising between Vera Crux and Alva- rado. She wss centered, it was said, n>e miles from the latter port, notwithstanding she bad hoisted the Spanish flag, snd, on that account, bad been reclaimed by the commander of the Spanish squadron at Saciiucios.There must be some mistake in this paragraph. Smce when had the Btdianola become a Mexican national ves •airThe Trait de Union and the Progreso both state the cap- ture of the two steamers Marques de la Habaaa and General Miramon had produced great irritation in the capital.According to the Scciedad of the 19th ult., there wss a great call for war with the United States.Valves, at the head of 2,600 men from Guadalajara, was defeated by Ogaxon y Valvez at Zapolatan, lojing 1,800 of bis men in killed, wounded and dispersed.The Brooklyn, with Mr. McLane, arrived at Vera CruxMessrs. Biaaoan and Snaout favored the motion, and spoke against the provisions of the bill.The motion was lost and the bill passed—17 to 11.The negative votes were Messrs. Blood, Colvia, Connel- ly, Gardiner, Grant, Hammond, Kelly, Manntorre, Mur-the table. Adjourned.Relations" and gone to Tampico to again enter upon AM campaign.et al.; in the matter of application of Henry Gibson et al.; Parish of Bell Port et al. agt. Taoker; Board or Excise of Tompkins Co. ej. Taylor et al.; Rose agt. Burr et al.; The people agt Qulmbo Appo; Shapely agt Farrell.than Juarez, and will stand a very even hand with Mira- mon in competing for the favor of the army. A great many persons are now speaking of Comonfort, and It would not be wondertul if be got back into the national palace before Juarez.DESCRIPTION.Peccased is supposed to be an English woman, aboutthirty years of age, about five foet in bright, and ratherI.w•J.i.II ...I.pMJW>l|W»^Wg*,IL Jg 4W! |1 ...l! .1 . JJ;J^'T-',^^.^BiBg•^^•':'^^-W*^• e^•l ^' -^'^ ^ ? ^*•^^ '.^•*<**f*» •"1•--'< ft & ." il-• J,» —ALB.PRICE TWO CENTS.be eheeaeSfMea Oswego aver the eaaatoor roateasa r«or the Session—The Veto charge*tramBaflato. The niiawalnro will holdaaotb«r "Additional Particulars s«* aha Sieajn or Wasner,Fzusato*Mteh B nnowsaidhe to a deepThe climax of togtatotion for the session to fairlyreached. The rapid despatch of reports and third read-tog of miscellaneous bills grow more hurried every hour,while the lobby, clustered la little knots around the Protestant Episcopal church of the Diocess of New 1,000 during the blockade. During the seventeen days o and many of (he soldiers have died,was reported favorably.The following bills were passed:—To incorporate the trustees of the parochial fund of theThe typhus fever has been raring la oarAssembly.ALSASY, April 14, I860.Bills were passed to extend the power and confirm the acts of notaries; to incorporate the New York Saddle Boras Club; to authbrtos the sale of the toad in the City Hall Park, New York, to the United States; to incorporate the Artist's Fund Society in Mew York.rel of pitch, which was considerably imbedded in tan mud, and, it is supposed, could not have moved say dis- tance after having been soak. The remains were removed to Mr. Hope's, undertaker, in Newark avenue, where they will remain until Monday or Tuesday for identification. THB INQGB8T.Coroner Morris summoned a Jury, when the following evidence was taken —Jonathan H. Baldwin testified—I reside at No. 84 Es- sex street, snd am a watchman at the Canard dock; about half past five o'clock this morning I went tote tha shed of the Canard dock, and, looking out of the window, discovered, as I thought, the feet of a human baton; swaying back and forth to the water at tha end af theThe bill to amend the New York City Hill act was re- ported complete.The same paper adds:—The Vera Cruz papers say nothing about the confisca- tion of American property aad the expulsion of Ameri- cans, as attributed to the government of Miramon by the New Orleans papers.A house in Barcelona had proposed a project to the government of Spain to toy a submarine electric tele- graph cable between the islands of Porto Rico and St Thomas.Arthur Napoleon and Madame de Vernay sailed in the steamship Solent on the 8th inst.OCH CITT OF MEXICO CORRESPONDENCE.Mexico, March 8, I860., Affairs—161 Mexicans Murdered—Murder, Rapine, to something; then went and notified tha Coroner, wasMr. CALLICOT (dem.) moved a vote of thanks to Speak- er I.ittlejohn for the fairness, dignity, skill and imparti-Mr. JJtgcss ( r e p ) , on athat the bill to amend the charter of the Hope Fire Insuquestionof privilege,statedReargumenttordered —Sweet et al agt Barney, Pres'tOrderfor new trial fietrted and judgment en report of succeeded in obtaining admission to the director's house,ARRIV ALS.l ' H m » i.in HjiViSA—Steamship Raaph/efendant absolute.—Johnson act.Wells. French agt. Hunt-Ike Cuban FUibuitert—BuU Fights—Jigert andDogt—Holi day Amusement*. de.My last notes were by the Qiy of Norfolk, which left this port rather later than expected.4f J m the ataerage. Freeman.MF-Mr aad BbaBoag, I DEPABTTBIS.lying circumstance, after the varloua trials to which we we have been subjected in the past forty days. The Em- pire City arrived to good time iram the bar or the Missis:ur«ndiary, as ths pTsmtoas a n C s e t The osnitoths?"get-aways"that I haveseen for semethe poputotion andburntogaad * a n r v » sWe have masked balls aad vai" at the theatres—allThereto a great flutter about the Capitol regarding the sorts of enjoyment everywhere. Health good No bum ? l ^ T l T r « r n b r h u r r ' h "cT'tie pnee was first sackedWllllanisbnrf City HewsFIBS AT Glass PotBT.~Betw*sa tea sad eleven o'clock"»M* r 2»Tdie aocounls we have, the whole affair r eThe intelligence received via New Orleans, of the ratting af the siege of Vera Cruz by afiramon, is again stated. 1 to supposed, out of the 6,000 men he had with him, he lo*the siege from 500 to 600 shells and some 4,000 balls werefired into the cay. The casualties in Vera Crux were very tbe three nights. Everybody appeared to wtoh to throw trifling. Of the garrison, only seven had died aad thirty off all thought of current eventsthe meaning of this new advent. Many think preservation, having, ittosupposed, been toJSkSWessaa^5herwtos he certainly would have B Berg,FewTort. TOast Philadelphia: JIsrffered. From in ( .~*"*r ,Tl,i r£' J-AAZ—ZJTZ. « • • attended with tbe most horrible and dtogusting exalnoft ail quartered at Tacubaya sadThe masquerade balls were crowded this year during0 EoctBiartox, HATBB aanlMr OtMemeabr, Xrw York; Mr OrurJag So; 1 tbe place, Onthe 87th he set to » * f * * < S S n i a r e e O L Bafcecfk. Eoetoa, A. I la—aim. 4* Mr MMattseiztogmale prisoners, and kept at this bnsteeos' " * • " ? :days, Puntil Jai had j t o h e d upon cne heap j m e aiTdo; TtrA^nTlalTm^^Wmntsna/dsc O hundred and sixty dead ^ ^ ^ £ £ , ^ Bideektr Palusaore. C Platens, *«w lark: L B n i s l i l l Ba- ton Bouge: Wm French Brvaat Jr. Oa»«tor»la; Mr von oar Heydt aad lidr. nwae aad eafld. Maw Tork, J B Seeeik, Maw.ink M Mfl». Wwa*hhrmngior: Teeo A .Mills. 4 v oj»»T» * ^ t a , W u S n W t tsitog thescent to time and Amr. Few Orleans: Bear) ColMeter ana, WSMOoato: A Stack fiurtoaaa; J •* MewTork; CJunge,Obkngo; Wm!FewTork; J CMayer. St Corns: J 3W MOtor aid toother, LonnvOte; OIProm « .IOBB.Orrrjwro** *SD lj.a*roe^-«eaasar-* Brafcv Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Estate of Arkansaswww.fultonhistory.com 