 -.what was taken oat of the bed of the river by hiaa-the extremities of the roots should be implanted, and- ILA TERFEOM VENEZUELA.A bill has been filed in tbe Circuit Court of this•vPROGRESS OF THE CIVIL WAR. . Conreapa&doDce of Th« N. T. TMbuno.CARACAS, Jan. 5, 1860. The new year has begun under no favorable auspices to Venezuela. After'innumerable cocj-Jan. 18, 1860, in which the orator, Isaac H. Burch,al Journal, in announcing this facji, adds; " It is need- ess for us to say that the Society could not have select- ed a more worthy recipient of this distinguished honor,marked as he has been, through the long career of hia profesfcional life, by those high qualities which have placed him among the most eminent physicians of our country."months ago.with a very respectable force. The Constitutional- ist army has followed them thither without a com- Vat, and they allege that they cannot bring the op- posite party to fight; but, if so superior in armsfor the Government, and how little dread it in- subsoiling and trenching. As to Spring or Fall plant- Brothers in Unity, and Luionian- Societies, were com-—A liberal Boston citizen, whose means are gener- ously bestowed upon objects of charity that meet hia his.approval, has sent the editor of The Transcript a hundred dollars for the widowed mother of the dancerB&ore unsaie, .Z^JZ •—v.^*.*.*wrawwBi^^-*-"-^-|f'.>T Bj-;-,-JAP AN.together into one small fbrt, which, from all the in- j formation I can obtain, is insufficient to contain a Barry » May la»t I Wt New-York, and, after third of the number. In tie bovedas of Laguayra .fcwt g ^ u n w in Java, Hong Kong, and Shanghae, they were so crowded, that one prisoner found sleeping room only below Yae cot in which General in Yeaubama Bay. There were thirteen veesela, of Urdanetas' son reposed^, -and above which was hung the hammock io*o wb*ch an Englishman, Captain all dt*criptio**> in this newly-opened port. The Tod, was obliged to cfcmb to seek his night's rest. Fowbaian has recently arrived from Shanghae, I am informed that a small cell, a casemate beneath >»hiijber she had been with Minister Ward, The the walls of Laguriyra, contained forty persons,British steamer Highflyer is here. The rest of the and the door was cAosed at night Upon them. ThinkKAKAOAWA, NOV. 8, 18K».his bands, and looks up, exclaiming, "Me inaky removedfor as thorough a forking of th<5 groundas can nished by him; his sensible, ideas of dress were im- goldy." Some guess two pounds, some ten, some he given without injury to the tree roots. The object planted in her DOBOH), for She was remarkable in our twenty, and so on; to all of wVicb he smiles, and sought in pruning fruit trees V>to regulate their streets for neatness of apparel, while, her unostenta- rather intimates that the last man B right. This is the crowth and bearing, eo as to-secure at ofoce a particu- tious manner was the theme of comment. Many times way in which the excitement is, made at Panama. lar form with greatest vigor and frmtfulness. The ehe might have been seen dragging the babv.carriage There is gold, and those who kno whow to wash it out onlv instrument used in a good nurseiy is the prunmg- through the streets with her own handn, although she will make their piles. kniie: and this should be kept HOsharp that any ordi- was surrounded with servants, and lived in a villa-We have four of Uncle Sam's ships here, with Uncle nary branch may flopped off at a- singledraw, leav- built palace ©f Milwaukee brick, on Michigan avenue, Sam's men in abundance, from Commodores and Cap- ibc a perfectlv smooth surface. Shears should never on the graperies and hot houses of which al,ono $100,000 tains down to poor Jack, who is seen onevery corner -be used A'saw is onlyrequired when trees have had been expended by her generous and too confiding plaguing the monkeys and parots,and drinkiug bad been ne^ected. Branches removed should bo cut husband. She was a plain, modest, courteous woman, rum,whilethemoredistinguishedofhisassociates;the cloeerothetmhk,sothatthetreemaynotbe injured ofmorethanordinaryintelligence;andherfalliscer- officers, are lolling about the dilfeient bar-rooms and bv Jecay of a stomp. Shorten shoots to a good strong tainly more surprising than if she had been a young,'•budthat will make a leader, not too close to nor too giddy, pretty woman, badly broughtup, and suddenly billiard-saloons of the city, smoking, and doing the best far from the bad, and with a slope of cut of about 45 arisen to fashionable life- and all the blandishmeiits ofthey can, in their present positions, to earn their money deg. In shortening your leader, don't always cut on a new and flattering position.and defend the honor of our country. . I have beenwondering what would become of these ornaments if the same side, for von would thus make ti e whole tree The 8educer.is a lawyer of some eloquence, of con-the Union were dissolved. Could the .; South support lean one way or the other. Pruning, rightly done, is siderable ability, and marked success. He is MemberRatazzi has left for Nice.The statement that Procsiu bad,assented to tho an- nexation of Savoy and Nice to BVanco i<j denied in re- liable quarters.Sir Henry Bulwer had ordered the British Consul in Rodosto to break off official relations with the au-thorities.A telegram from Bombay, to the 10th January,.states that the Waghars bad been severely beaten by Maior Moore's forces. Twelve thousand Eurot>e«n* ana eight thousand Sepoys were preparing for China*Thecommercialnewswasnottelegraphed.Melbourne telegrams are to December 10. Th$ Victoria Parliament met on the 29th November.Tbe financial, statement of the Government showg considerable retrenchment.5 The Geelong Railwayhad been purchased by GoV --ernment.. A mercantile panic prevailed, and many failoreawere reported; among them W. P. Tennant King, and W . & G*. Poleburgo. The banks were very Btnngenfi in making advances. The warehouses were over- stocked.The Parliament of New South Wales were assem- bled at Sidney. The Ministers' budget proposes a sub* tidy for a telegraph to Enrope.PERSONAL.—Senator Broderick'w death will be announced to-day by Senator Ilaun, the successor of deceased. Meesra. Pugb, Wade, and others will deliver addressee. Tho death in the House will be announced by Mr. Borch of California, aud addresses will be delivered by Messrs* Scott of Cal., Haskinof N.Y., Hickman of Pa., Bur-iingame of Mass., and Morris of 111.•—The Will of the Right Hon. Thomas Babingtoa (Baron) Macaulay, late of Holly Lodge, Kensington, was proved in the principal registry of the Court ot Probate on the 12ih of January, by Mr. Thomas Flower Ellis of the Middle Temple, barrister, Recorder ofLeeds, one of the executons, power being reserved to Sir Charles Edward Trevelyan, K. C. B., and Lady Hannah More Trevelyan, wife of Sir Charles and sister of Lord Macaulay, the other executors. The personal-The <4 late as II O'clock Si.ontberiv .auppose'?, At Peexjbetween The ya "wasefcttr. plants au The bak •widow 1 Bridge, e ashed- I •wood-*^ destroys Mown of.The i\ lenown a and uedt- and wor was b>.;£• A t Sin.< trees wei polas, .an*A t l r v i and er.tir The da roof of £ lage, waupon i\ jnolishrd was da r* eon &. B rolled ':pScarre withoutH Or bridgTheri Saturday and Tar tance of Tork ai ice, can the rive' Durii hence t tine, drHond.,ht&dgeiT). Jex i • Tbe idraggedon Long . ) The* •with ac at Woo<By'& that the through •BO rem; vast&uoties, wdisaster"The GasWc«rectodabout 7"worse, tWilliuafalling xthis s-AThe hocto the Ut m l t e w e n m g o f N o w m t e r l , we aronped anchorvessels in port, comprising schooners, brig*, barks,ofthebummgcliw«ateoftheplace,,andimaginethesuffering m this socond " Black Hole." Yet after all-Uaracaibo, a strongly, fortified pla co. The cruelty' dlce, and push for Panama, where all the women, old found beneficial. Mulching-m Summer should h* /ery New York State, whose honor and fair fame in private suTTiprion <,f tbe Regency.aad ships, are waiting freights, mostly under char- this it isconsidered they will be worse off at Maracai-ier. A bark and schooner leave this week for San bo. There is great cruelty, also, in carrying these un-Francisco, with full loads of Japanese productions, fortunate prisoners to a distant province, and toafeong which is a great variety-eflacquered and a fort situated in an uncultivated place; where all re-fismcy aittclee. The Powhatan leaves to-morrow sources are di fficult to be got at. The impoverished•estate of all their familes renders it almost impossi- lor Yeddo, when, after a day or two's «tay at that ble for them to supply them with money, and theplace, she goes -direct to Hons^ Kong, to make government allowance to prisoners is only fifteen preparations for the acoommod«bon*of &ie Japan- American cents per diem, not paid in cooked provi-ese Embassy to the Uufod States, and their suite sions but in money; and this must supply all of some eighty persons, among whom is the Gover- their wants. No time was allowed, either, to sup-cruel i« iXMeffeeta, Ail the prisoners in Caracas, when, they Law jjtrucL a rU-k-lead uud have collcc'-ed Xagoav/«., yaienda.and ibe'gtiard otfjw oiTwtoCa-tic duties; a member of a fashionable church on the Spaniards on the Martm River,but were repulsed withxiwul, ana (fectiyjog vegetables, w^ith BtaoIe-uUTiuru j avenue, and ueuuinigly much wrapped up in her self-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069" £consists in huddling nearly four hundred prisonersand young, gather about, to bear the news. Ke has liyht iust enough to keep down weeds, ar** once a life have never been sullied. . Tbe Marquw of Massano D'Azeglio U appointed been away two day s. He is very mysterious, shakes week' or once a month, as the case may.**, must be She was adopted by him; her generous dower fur- Governor of Milan.NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE^ MONDAY, FEBRUARY 13, I860,The Independent of Turin—^^C>ount Cavonr''8 o r g a n - belks wero conveyed to the castle> at the Bar of midge. They drop pan and shovel, grab th*u* buu- liuht dressings of lime/ashes,,and even salt will ** up under the roof of an ex-member of Congress in says nothing now opposes the Prince CarigTUuVs aa*together about as much gold as would fill the eye of a let a heavy soil, are good in compost. Occasional imposed work m the Sabbath echool. She wa« broughtJ?AMACa blessing; wrongly, a curse. of Congress from a neighboring State, and is a hoa- To show practically how pruning should he done, hand and the father of eight children, and resides inMr. Barry performed the operation on several fruit North Division.trees which he had brought for the purpose,and I have Any one who has attended our Courts has observed no doubt but that the large audience got thus a far a tall, tbin man, with a turn-up nose, light hair, sprin-On Sunday morning, after having spent a mostagreeable night on the new steamer Champion, I re-turned to Panama, resolved to lay over a trip, and at-tend mass at the Cathedral. I was much surprised atfinding no pews or seats for idle loungers. Therewere but two long benches, provided for the aick,aged, sfld crippled, but black, whitCj and brown,took their positions on the clean, cold brick floor, andkneeled and prayed in the good old way. No collec-tion was taken at the door for seats or standing room;there were no reserved seats or choice spots, wi.haprice on tbein so high as to exclude the poor. Thepoor, the rich, the whitej the black, and the brownman, woman, or child, were alike before that altar,repeating the same prajers, and praying to the sameGod, aad receiving the same blessings, consolstions,andjrewards of that religion alike, in accordance withthe J good work each shall have performed. AU the case. Apple trees not pruned generally bear a heavychurches in Panama, are open and free to the million; crop of fruit one season, arid none the next, and sothere are no front seats in any of them, nor heavy is the crop that a good part of it is worthless.is one church, considered one whit more re- Judicious pruning enables us to have a moderate cropspectable than another. After mass, I remained of line fruit each year, beside promoting the general gained access to other families of note and respectabili- a few minutes to examine and admire the old Cathe- health and prosperity of the trees. A few days ty. Shall we sermonize upon base ingratitude ? No.dral, and its beautiful architecture and design. of a man over ari apple orchard when the fruit Let this suffice. For eighteen mentas the villain has Being a little curious, I inquired the history of this is half or a third grown, will be . well been defiling the home ofhis best friend. Beside being magnificent structure. I found that the cathedral spent in removing misshapen and wormy fruit, and a libertine, he lost some $3,000 at play about two years owed its existence.to the individual exertions and pri- thinning out clusters that are crowded together. since afone of our leading hotels. While in Washing- vate purse of one man, at one time in life a poor Fools cut away branches indiscriminately until their ton he was the subject of a rumor as being one whoSoon all did this, till it took a day's ciphering of the)whole establishment to settle the percentage of ex-t the two provinces of Carabobo and Caracas, many who having pleDty of means with men in his employ, at the extremities only. The force of the tree is then on the North Side; and while he was betraying the ing legacies: To bis brothers, the Rev. John Macaulaychange. When I arrived here, this farce had* trials already initiated have been stopped. To some andjnothing to do, concluded to make# his mark by expended in producing a crop of rank, watery shoots banker's wife, this ugly Lothario was recently seen and Charles Zachary Macaulay, each $5,000. To Ida reached its bight. In the morning the foreigners! erecting the cathedral and consecrating it to religion. in the interior, to be again cat away to make room for dancing at the hops gotte a up by abandoned women. sister, Frances Macaulay, £2.000. To his nephews,nor of this Province.The new town of Yokuhama is increasing rap-ply them with money, for the measure was kept a profound secret till carried into execution in La- guayra at one o'clock, a. m., and in Caracas at two•hheep-breeding, by placing before us a well-shaped ducting cases before the several tribunals. This is theidly, notwithstanding the opposition of Minister tho following day.Harris and the foreign censuls to its recognition The Government applied to the Superior Courtand occupation by the foreign merchants. The for an order to remove these. prisoners from the ju-new spacious custom-house is there; new wharves risdiction of the judges who had already tried their have been built of stone to facilitate lighterage; the^spaoese merchants are all there, and none at cases, and a doubt arising as to the legality of re- •XfcBfigawa. New houses and shops are going up moving them from the jurisdiction of their properdailyv^th the rapidity of a new town in the West. judges to a distant province, the Supreme CourtStandard apple trees in orchards require very little the heart of one of our best citizens, and who pruning. H the head is formed at a proper distance seems now, by his brazen parade of our streets, to be from the ground, say four or five feet, and the main without hbame. The reasons for such a fall are as dif- branches to form the frame-work of the head are ficult for'us to comprehend as it was for Hamlet to ac-was appl ed to for its sanction of the measure, and will \remain so long as the Japanese leave thei which had already been executed, and of course thesubtequent pruning will consist in removing branches where they are llktjly to become crowded or to cross each other. The natural growth of varieties differ- ing, our pruning should be modified to suit each special"What makes the crime still worse, much of the busi- ness of this honorable (?) was gained through the mau whom he has so basely wronged; and the best of it— the lujrative railroad attorneyships he held—were gained through the wronged man's influence with his unfortunate wife's adopted father. He was likewise the banker's attorney, his confidant, his friend, and was not only received into his home, but through him heThe foreign trade of necessity concentrates there, Jsanction was obtained.much nearer the Yokuhama than the Kanagawaj A large party is growing up, which looks towardshore,/ For residence Kanagawa offers the most} our veteran general Paez as the one hope for the le and healthy location; for purposes of! country, and I should not be surprised to see him rade Yokohama has the preference. The supply of very soon called on by a majority to return and jkobous in exchange for dollars is still inadequate! lend his vigorous hand to heal the wounds of thisto the demand. The Government at first gave outi distracted land.a fixed number of dollars to-each applicant; thenjit changed to a pro rata distribution. Of course, CoiTvapoiideuce of The N. Y. Tribune.the applicants entered their names for large sumsjwwtoBOS there, and favor it. Shipping can anchor;them 7 She owns nearly all of them, as well as the occupants of over three-quarters of. the most lucrative positions connected with the Government of our country.of these there was a fair prospect of speedy ter- Shortly'after he became involved in a diepute witb the a second crop. Trees should never be suffered to bear We wi 1not dwell on the hypocrisy of this man or thismination; some of the prisoners had been already dignitaiies of the church here, when he appealed to fruit until they have got strength and vigor. A pruner woman, who,-when a neighboring female wa* accused quintillions and sextillions were low figures. One; condemned to exile, and one, a subject of her Bri- its higher power. He was sustained, and finally en- should know the difference between fruit bads and of a bason, she "cast the first stone," and said she man procured a roll of paper not less than fifty feeti tannic Majesty, had been acquitted and placed at tered priesthood, and was made BiBhop of Panama. wood buds, and at least the rough outlines of the prin- would not recognize her in society, even while she long, and set down a string of figures from one end Would yon helieve.it ? Do you, suppose our friend ciples of tree growth. This knowledge may be ac- was receiving and returning the visits of this wretchto the-other as the sum of his. demands. So long liberty. But scarcely had this measure been deter- CharlesO Conor would believe it, when I inform him, quired by an intelligent man in a brief time. There in the form of a man; aye, and meeting him in hia as applicants confined themselves tojooillions, the mined on, when he was without more ado taken up as I do now, that the great good man was no more nor are many other points of equal interest in Mr. Barry's office.Japanese made the pro-rata distribution, giving out again and sent off with the rest. On the 6th ult. lees than the what would be termed in certain quarters lecture of which I should like to speak, but cannot. The affair was discovered strangely. The banker'shanded in their names, not for modest millions, butHenry and Joseph, sens of bis brother, Henry William Macaulay, each £1,000. To his niece, Margaret Jane, j daughter of Sir Charles Edward Trevelyan, £10,000*/ To his nephew, George Otho Trevelyan, and niece,' Ahce Harriet Trevelyan, the son and daughter of Sir Charles, £5:000 each; and to his Executor, Thomas Flower Ellis, £1,000, and that he make a selection from hia library of 100 volumes of printed books; tho rest of his library, with his furniture and the residue of bis personal estate, together with hia real estate, ho leaves to his sister, Lady Hannah Moro Trevelyan.—Macaulay's father was the son of a Scottish Pres^ byterian minister. His mother was a schoolmistress at Bristol. Her maiden name was Mills; she was thd daughter of a Quaker, and being trained under tha care ofthe Misses More (Hannah More and her sisters), was an accomplished and instructed woman for her class. Thus, sayBan English writer, by distant streanua,the last day ten dollars on each million! But this news of their arrival was received, but not of their innumerable row of figures did the business. For landing, for the civil authorities of that town re-" a big buck nigger black a* the ace of spades." Doctor Grant lectured first this afternoon, speaking jealousy was aroused by tbe familiarity of a young En- I saw the first child to-day that was baptized in without notes, and, like Mr. Barry, exemplifying the glishman, an Insurance Agent, residing here, with his the cathedral, she is now a very old womah, much doctrines of pruning and vine-setting, on specimens wife, and, in watching for some overt act on their over a hundred, and well remembers the black Bishop. broughifor the purpose. The following directions part, caught in company with her his friend, his coun-The John L. Stephens has just arrived, and the he gave UBfor preparing & grape-border m the best eelor, under circumstances which led him to charge histwo days they refused to ^ive a single itzibou; to-day they have recommenced a pro rata distribution, body of rebels inimical to the safety of the place, allowing no one person to call for more than fivjethousand dollars, and so gave out ten dollars in a and curtly said that if obliged to admit them theyshould at once • adopt the Federal cause, as theyhs conducted as if in the hands of so many chil- would not be able to withstand a rising of the pri- merly with Walker, in Nicaragua, doing service here For a trelliu of vineH, more than twelve f«et of width is nnncee-Three days since, while standing at the Customj-fused to admit them, as they considered so large apatience, and the dabbling of no end of twej- crowded within the small vessels on which theyeworded gentry. ex<jep'intf Aspinwall. Let those coming to the lethmua pared, three feet more should be added the next season. ToNotary Public.were sent^to their destination. Forty prisoners pass through that " city " as soon as possible.conveyed from Porto Cabello. seized the -vessel inHouse door, I saw a Chinese comprador in the fori which they were, and made away for the Dutch Those in the States who wish to make an excursion fertile soil, which we will suppose to be one foot; if more thanWe have it from good authoiity that the banker sethit confidential clerk to watch the guilty pair, and oneSunday, while he was supposed to be attending hismission school duties, he, with his clerk, took part intbe watch. The clerk saw the Honorable (?) Mr.S 1 enter the house, and saw him enter the room ofthe wretched woman. The clerk then- left, returnedwi> h the hueband, who caught the pair in ^flagrante met in the veins of the wonderful bOy. delicto.Still farther rumors of gold discoveries as I close.eign employ violently push and even strike a Japanj- Island of Oruba. Good luck attend them. heije in search of gold bad better come with plenty of that, so much the better.' Now, to make the border two feetdeep, which in the least admissible, one foot of the subsoil must ese merchant with whom he had business, at the On the fifth, we had bright faces and sparkling it in their pockets. They can then remain here two or be removed. If )jroundn are of considerable size, this may bo Custom-Bouse. The violence was borne without eyes from the Federal party, and proportionably three weeks, and return home in May, thus avoiding srncad over the surface of a portion, no that it shall not be more than two inches in depth, and plowed or worked in without any immediate damage, but with ultimate benefit, particularly if manure is used at the same time. Into the bottom of this trench LECTURE. the fertile soil of the adjoining two feet is put, and, if it ca'a readily be had, a compost of leaf-mold, or muck, or any vegetable decay, and well-rot>ed stable manure, thoroughly mixing the mass as it goe& in. If eody from a rich pasture can be had, they may be thrown in with tbe compost to the depth of fourteen or sixteen inches for every NEW-HAVEN, Feb. 10,1860. foot ~of subsoil removed, and then tho fertile soil from the Whenever, in coming out of a lecture room, you next two feet put upon tbe top. Kepeaf this process until the hea'r all about you people saying " what a capital lec- border of required diiueimone is mude, and finish by putting into the lost trench the soil that was taken flroru the first. 'If soda Bussians sufficiently show the vengeful character of Ynez, near Barivas. Gen. Ramos had divided his ture !" " how well he understands hia subject!"'" how and compost are not used, other fertile soil must be obtainedthe blood of professors in two of the most severe and chastened sects in Europe, Covenanter and Quaker,long visagess from the Government people; for the cold winds of March and April. Chinaman canie out of his house, a lantern was news—great news—came from the army of theso much as a look of anger. The next night as th<|held close to his face, as if to be sure of recognition! West—old news, too, for it bore date of the 13th of THE YALE AGRICULTURAL and immediately he was cut down with swordsi December. No posts had been able to. come in forThough terribly mangled he is still alive, and there a long period, though many have been sent. The NINTH DAY.The husband of the bruised heart then repaired to their devoted pastor and communicated all. As soon as the minister's surprise was over, he bade the brother to join him in prayer, so that the Lord might counsel them upon the course to be pursued, and upon their bended knees they earnestly prayed for many minutes, and the husband arote refreshed, strengthened and somewhat comforted.—We learn from The Glasgow (Scotland) Common^ wealth, that.a preliminary meeting was held on the 20t£t ult., to make arrangements for a public meeting, to give an expression of sympathy with Dr. Cheover of New-York, on account of what he has suffered for faithfully adhering to the cauee of the slave. Tha meeting would probably be held during the ensuing week. The same paper states that Frederick Doaglase', whose humorous and eloquent addresses delighted nu-towns are in possession of the Government, but all From Our Own Reporter. protection, and the affair is being investigated by the country on the route is filled by factious bodiesConsul General Alcock, and the resident Consul at of people, and no posts pass them in safety. AKanagawa. This affair, and the murder of the great battle had been fought in the valley of Santais a chance of his recovery. He was under Britislithe Japanese, for no one here believes other thai that the Russian offieer gave provocation for the asj- sault which ended his lite.forces, sending one body, under CoL Rubin, to at- many valuable hints he gave us in the hour !" yoa from adjoining pround, or some other quarter, to replace the nub- soil that has been removed. At the completion of the operation,tack Barivas, intending to make a detour to join may he certain that it was a valuable discourse, taxd the ground of the border will be found to be some inches higher him on the other side of that city. Gen. Falcon such was the case this morning, after Mr. Barry's se- than the adjoining ground, but in two years it will settle to theA plan was soon arranged—a separation was thefirst step. She was sent to her adopted parent, resign-ing all claim to the children save the baby. He toldher that he would make such settlement of property merous audiences in Glasgow about fourteen or fifteen as her adopted father thought right. He wrote thus toJton browtoot was •was take toinedahtlfe tim c< T htts dt-st David out inji. torts-, \ spou ti as thojdown, and en bek)L' tbat.aiijust et gobtc wina statem •with it mak.nj cepu'oo damng* very g supperehatw*, cents o and yi in tliis- amoun vent tl the oil of the. Nauda.child rt one ch .peator- Sou Coily«^Prew New-: of C»T trill b. is 250 Hereiinch c nusurj will"Cap safetyl0W!U|]lOT« CCrorth-wJLIKKH •; «ad ton. from V3 *n<i <ifa wile* ai til* iifltt to Jen*'four" to aUUand »mi a <aThe atfooi jbettet pceed"Verier .suiru the I^aMl The 1MUUst&thy.jBmd] ¥ill olKx|-Ti . »iaUt, I• tha•lit).U«UM, au.Acond lecture on fruit-trees. Certainly I never listened level. Thi» is the operation called trenching, and without it no The weather is autumnal. Thermometer has attacked Rubin, and, after twelve hours' hard fight- garden is in condition for giving best results. For growingstraw-years ago, was to be entertained at a soiree in the City Hall. The friends of the slave would doubtless mu*> ' ter in large numb**-s.natives are much worried to know if they will remainto dig gold. Returned Californians are much dreadedmariner—(our readers will remember that the term" border" is applied to any plot of ground longer than wife with disloyalty to her marriage vows, aud she confecsed to aets of crinrnality, not only with theprays for a divorce from his wife, Mary W , Burch. and all was changed; for a telegraphic dispatch detail, would require a week instead of an hour to not be in best condition for the vines before Fall without a re The bill sets forth that tbe orator was married to theOn the eighth, a vessel came in from Maracaibo,came to the acting President, which said that in a detcribe. The general remarks upon the preparation nerwnl of subsoil.subsequent battle Gen. Falcon had been taken of ground for nursery trees, which were contained in The subjects of priming and planting were also fullymy Ittter of yesterday, apply to all tree plantations. discussed, but my space is already exhausted, and I prisoner, with six hundred men. Great rejoic- OUTreaders should rememberthat theimportant points most leave them undescribed.narty thus made respondent, at Albany, N. Y., on tho 26th of May, 1848, since which time ;hey have resided together in this city. That during the. marriage two children have been ihe fruit of this union, Mtry W. Burch, now aged 10 years and 10 months, and Harriet Coming Burch, aged 1 year and 8 months.ing, aud fireworks, now, on the Government in land treatmeat can only be beat doue before the trees The reception given by the Scientific School of Tale fliets, and much bloodshed, the present Government side; but it turned out to be a hoax—signifi- axej set out; so that before we send our orders to the to agriculturists attending this Convention was in everyseems no nearer a triumph than it was three cant enough, as showing how little respect is felt nurseryman we should have finished our draining, respect a brilliant success. The fine halls of .theThe orator charges that his wife, Mary W. Burch,has committed adultery with one David Stuart, firstabout the 14th of October, 1857, and since then, but atwhat times the orator iBunable to specify. Adulteryis also charged to have been committed, withiu theperiod namea, with other persons, " whose names areunknown to the orator." The bill ia drawn by the who lost her life by her dress taking fire, in New-York.spires. The Government party say that they ing, opinions vary, and vary chiefly because of differ pletely filled with an assemblage .of the beauty and Generals Falcon and Zamora aTe in the Plains, have received good news; but it is very strange, ent nature and conditions of soil with various tree- talent of this intellectual city. The gueots were re-if it be so, that they do not publish it planters. Mr. Barry's experience is, that in ceived bv the venerable Prof. B. Silliman, jr., and theofficially. On the 10th there was a question of pro- a good, dry, well-prepared soil, frait trees may he eevfrol Professors of the Scientific School and their planted at any time after the wood is ripe in the Fall excellent ladies, and especially the students, vied inclaiming martial law, which, however, was not de- (ajpemd indicated not by tho fall of the l^af, but by the their endeavors to promote the comfort of their guests. termined on at last, but the cannon were planted in perfect formation of the terminal leaf-buds, and the The Governor of this State, many members of the Leg- the street before the Government House. The rifle changing tints of the foliage), until the freezing of the islature, end the greater part of the prominent citizensattorneys of Mr. Burch, Messrs. H. L. Lewis and H. —There is a middle-aged lady who takes her sewing, G. Miller, whose names, with his own, are affixed.It is proper to state that Mrs. Burch sijjued, in goes into the Maine House of Representatives, seatanotarial presence, a statement" from which the above herself in the area in front of the'Speaker, and indulgeabill is drawn. The revelation falls like a thunderbolt in occasional responses to the speeches of the members, upon the circle in which she had moved. It cau according to her caprice.scarcely be said that it affects materially the re juta-and" numbers as they represent themselves to be, companies of militia are all called into service, and ground; and, in Spring, from the time when the frost of New-Haven were prfeeent. It is thought that theone would think they might compel a battle.The city of Cumana was expecting an attack on th^ two nights preceding Christmas, from the fac- tions in its neighborhood, but it was frustrated by the defensive measures taken, and the Christmas-tide passed quietly.In the province of .Carabobo a large number ofxoen retain possession of the fertile, Sierra, and the troops of the Government cannot attack them, for no enemy is visible; when they1 approach the villages scattered about the forest all the inhabitants take to the woods, and no trace of them is to be found anywhere, although in the houses they find fhe hearthstones still warm from the fires of the lateinhabitants. The stragglers accidentally left behind also relate that ere the main body has left it a quar- ter of an hour, all the inhabitants return to the vil- lage and pursue their usual avocations till a new alarm sends the women and children to the woods, and a new call from their own chiefs assembles all the men under arms again to attack some place or make some demonstration against tjhe Governmentforces, though not fighting in regular battle.Precisely the same system is carried on in theprovince of Caracas, in the secure fastnesses ofkept in their quarters, and every man that can be is [out, and the ground dry enough to work, until the thing will be repeated before the adjournment of thefound by the most rigorous search into almost every budu have made some considerable advancement to- Convention.house is taken up for" service. This is the present state ward opening. Generally the more lender trees, suchof the capital, it dees not seem to speak of security as| the peach, apricot, and nectarine, should at the MEMORIAL OF THE KENTUCKY AND tion ot her alleged partner in guilt, whose family,—Col. Samuel D. Patterson, who lately died at hi* residence near Perkiomen Bridge, Penn., was long an active politician and influential jaurnajist. He did not, however, allow his love of politics to entirely absorh> his attention, for his strong attachment to literature fcuud vent in numerous poetical contributions of a higij order of merit, tales, essays, &c, to.literary newspa- pers and maguziaes. At one time he was the.publisher ot Graham's Magazine, as well as of several leading literary newspapers. Although he was so unfortunate as to encounter serious vicissitudes of fortune, he borO up under his trials with a brave and manly Bpirit, retaining to the last the cheerful and buoyant disposi- tion which characterized him through life.—Here is an illustration of the vicissitudes of fortune A few years ago one of the mwt active and successful business men in the city of Hudson was Leonard Wells* Everything he touched turned into money. He oncomade $10,000 in an hour, by a purchase and tale of a piece of real estate. Fifteen years ago Mr. W. waa worth $70,000. Shortly after this luck turned agains* him. He lost $34,000 by buying stock in the Hudson and Berkshire Railroad. This was followed by other loseee, caused by indorsements. In less than eighteen months Mr. W. passed from affluence to extreme pov- erty—from being worth $70,000 to being worth not ona cent. Mr. W . is now a re-sident of Albany, and earns a living for himself and family by peddling candies, ap- ples and doughnuts.—In a recett lecture, the Rev. Henry Ward Beecher gave on account of his first year in the ministry, the firs* flock which he gathered consisting only of nineteen poor women. He was then cot only pastor but tha sexton of the church, filling and lighting the lamps; which he was compelled to buy himBelf, kindling tha firesandswot-pingoutthechurch. Hodidnotringthe. bell because he had none to ring.OHtO IRONMASTERS." Your memorialists, citizens of , County of der, juicy-wooded trees, is often success- —, in the State'of — - , respectfully represent to would have advanced at least as far as Barquisi- ful, if precaution bo used. The Fall planter your honorable bodies that the manufacture of iron, in meto, toward Caracas, because he would find no must never forget to mulch the roots with several which a vei-y large proportion of the wealth of said force sufficiently strong to oppose him, and there inches' depth of leaf-mold, half-rotted manure, or county is invest*<s, and upon which a large proportion can be no doubt the population of tho country is Borne such material as will modify the a ttioti of frost of its laboring men are dependent for employment, is on the roots and tree-trunk. A neglect, of proper in to depressed a condition us to render tbe capital un- preparations for planting causes great loss. The remunerative, and has caused a large diminution inhowever, are not, nor should be, denied the full meed of sympathy as innocent sufferers.It has become sufficiently well authenticated that Mrs. Burch now retracts her statement which she avers was extorted from her, and that the defense will attempt to drive the petitioner to famish evidence out- side than so called confession, if any such evidence existed. .It is understood that the respondent, who is now with wealthy and influential friends in the State of New-York, -^ili resist the application, and C. Beck- with, esq., her attorney, is preparing her answer to the same. From present appearances it will be vigor-on the part of the acting Powers, on.the other hand North lie planted in Spring, as Winter acts severelyone would suppose had the battle been so decisively upon them after transplanting. This is the betterin favor of the Federal party, that General Falcon mode, but Fall planting of even these ten-wholly in favor of the Federal movement.NEW-GRANADA.» —MORE GOLD DISCOVERIES. from an Occauocal Corroapondcnt.majority of trees from the'nursery, by unskillful re the demand for laborers. These evus are constantly moval, nave mutilated roots; if the tree were set with- becoming more distressing. Your memorialists believe out proper pruning, moat of these roots would rot, that relief can be affordeo by the levying of a specific'aI<wants of the disappointed ones who went to Ohiriqui and of distributing it equally over the tree, that no country four months ago to dig open the graves of the one part may be overtaxed, or weakened. Almostwhen the Government troops approached in force. bince, and rob them of their golden ornaments. Those by tho iuce long smooth branches of their trees, asThe most horrible assassinations are going on every- who made the discovery of these precious relies swept they come from the nursery, that they sparo the knife, 1842, not only the iron but every other interest was pronperous—where, and no man's life seems safe-beyond the lim-ih« green before they let outsiders iDto tho secret.• The tinkers heixs are the most active men in town,und bot them out just as received. Let them bewareso now, with it every other interest is depressed—a» the diffor- eren'. parts of evory community must share more or loss directly th«some happiness or the Baaio micery.j Jitaolved, That believing it to be the duty as it in the policy of Congresstoatlordsuchprotectionaswillinfusenewlifeanden-ergy into tbe unprosporous iron trade of the country, we will, K.ke men Binceio in their opinions, ask for what we want, and that we will cause at least one of these memorials, with the proper number of names attached, to be sent each w«ok to some. Representative in Washington, and that we will thus, if wo do uot otherwise, let the country know there ia an iron interest be- lide that in Pennsylvania and New-Jorsoy, and that tho men connected with it. and dependent upon it, are neither too laiy too circulate petitioas, nor too incredulous to believe that any contmqueuce muy follow persistent and well direoted effort*, uor yet so easy in financed as to be careless of improvements.how they are thus "penny wise pound foolish," for it* of the towns. In the valley of the Tuy, seven m«k;ng pans for a dollar a piece, which are eagerly their trees are checked and stunted in growth,^reighthours'journey from the;capital,"several po/cba.-edbythenatives,,whoclapthemontheirhead* and are left far behind others which' havehorrible murders have been committed-—one on the ar.d off they go a foot for Cruets, while the women andperson .of Don Andres Narvarte,; an inoffensive children follow with eggs, fish, dried meats, cigars, persons think trees should be manured, like a young men, universally esteemed, son of a former and other natural products of the Tropica, all carried hill of potatoes, at time of planting. 8uch are likelyKice-Precident, now deceased. He had gone to on the head. All sorts of rumors are afloat showing to kill their trees by overmuch kindness. Good fresu .Hoe family estate to superintend the taking m of his the rioVmees of the "u»ines." One man w reported surface-soil—if light and sandy, all the bettor—is what *aoffee crop, and though warned of the unsafe state to have, come to town wish two pounds of clear dust; should be put around trees at time of planting. He of the country, trusting to his known aversion to all another, a Chinaman, is said to have picked $J50 in would «ay nothing about hole-digging, for the whole one dayf and that he sold it in town to Madam Myers, soil where tress were to be planted should be so wellrelf and three oihfc'r natives of Cruces. Hundreds kept as clean and as mellow as it would boabout a hill have gone there, and are still going. I visited the dig- of potatoes or corn. No weeds must exercise Mr.per bottle, or one shilling instead of five shillings andging this morning, anvl find that it extende along thebottom of the river for some three miles. The gold-hunters are standing in t»he river, with the water up to thene pestiferous plants consume. Remember thisbetter idea of the modus operandi than long argu-: kled with gray, a face almost covered witb. hair, and ments would have conveyed. I am also glad to learn shaved in the Englieb or Lord Dundreary style, with that Mr. T. S. Gold intends to illustrate his lecture on rather an alfected, but nevertheless able manner, con-and a badly-shaped live sneep. Could anything be Honorable Mr. S-—t, the man who has brought rain more admirable? and shame' upon this woman, who has crushedstarted in the right direction, as nearly as possible count for his mother's crime, the murdering of her no- equally distant, inclining upward and outward, the ble husband for his craven brother.CARACAS, Jan. 12, 1860.By the jail delivery of the prisons and pontoons in mason, but afterward a boes and large contractor, trees are but skeletons, with, a few bearing branches ister; in 1857 he effected the ruin of a married woman ty was sworn under £80,000. He has left the follow-here." I notice one or two of them who were for- wide, which is to be devoted to grapes): lawyer, but also with the Insurance agent, and a dis-thousand. The whole business of the custom-housodren. . The simplest transaction requires hours Of soners. The unfortunate men were therefore still in|the chain gang, breaking stones. Pan ama is very B.iry. arid one-third lean will aiit.wor very well; and it 18 desira- tinguished artist, well known in this city and ia Wash-ble, but not indispensable, that half of the twelve feet Rhould be healthy at present, as is also the whole of the Isthmus prepared before planting. If only a width of three feet i« pre-;ington. Th s confession was acknowledged before aing, defeated him. Rubin himself Was wounded, as to a more complete epitome of information on any one berries, raspberries, and blackberries, it i«iequally advantageous tbe person referred to, and subsequently went East tobeen as low as 37° Fahrenheit within a fortnight;. were nany principal officers; one General and four topic than he condensed into sixty-live minutes; and but with this difference, that the fruits latit named are expected make the necessary settlement.Fusi Yama is crested with snow. H. \to continue perhapB onlyjrom six to twice six ye«xs on the same Colonels were killed. Gen. Ramos was within now that I sit down to give your readers the gist]of it; ground, while vineB properly planted and managed have no limithearing of the musketry, but obliged to go so far my trouble is to know where to commence the process, to their duration, aad the fruit for many years will constantly improve in quality m—A eorlincss of maturity. If the trenchingup the river San Lorenzo to find a ford that the of exclusion. . is performed one season in advance, tho subsoil may be put upon ba'.tle was over ere he got up to his assistance, and The subject chosen was the " Transplanting and the top of tfee mold, and enriched by having manure thoroughly was then himself defeated and seriously wounded. Management of Trees in the Orchard and Garden2" incorporated by a seT,ond or third spading, or by plowing, accord-embracing a variety of operations which, if folio wed m ing to extent oil ground. If grouud is prepared iu-aarly Autumn, it will be ready (or vines in the Spring; but if in Spring, it wiU\*prepare the border immediately, the unfertile soil that lies be- neath must be removed, and f-rtil« soil put in its place. To do this, a trench two feet wide is made to the depth of the mold orand those wnich escaped would grow feebly for a long duty on the importations of foreign iron. They, there- ously contested, and like ail similar trials whore the timel All these bruised and brokon roots must be fore, respectfully petition your honorable bodies that honor and purity of households are involved, the pruned close up to the sound wood with a sharp knife, you will so change the revenue laws as to afford such town will be glutted to the full with the details of the the cut being made perfectly smooth and almost straight protection. And your- memorialists, as in duty bearing, which will come on during! the approachingacross, so as to present as little surface as possible. bound," <kc. '•state of excitement in consequence of the receiptofgold slope on *,he upper side of the wood, but upward; for MOUTH, OHIO.February term.SBADDITIONALThe remains of Capt. Harrison were removed from Southampton on the 26th, amid every demonstration of respect. Bells were tolled, minUte guns fire i, and the shops closed. The procession was headed by the officers and crew ofthe Great Eistern. The American Consul was among the large numbei; who took part in it. The corpse reached Liverpool on the morning of ihe 27th, and was interred in St. James Cemetery, in that city, in the presence of an immense crowd. Many shops along the route were partially closed, and all flags were at half-mast. Amoiig the pall-bearers were Captains Judkins, Lang, anc| others of the Cu- nard Steamship Company. A meeting of Capt. Harr--rison's friends was to be held in Loudon, for the pur- pose of recording their sympathy for his bereaved family. .The official Board of Trade report; on the loss of the steamship Indian, has been publij-hed. The com- mander, Caps. Smith, is exculpated, but the mate is blamed for not stopping the ship when danger was ap- parent. /M.ThouvenelhadassumedofficeasMinisterofFor- eign Affairs. On the 24th, he issued a circular to va- rious Embassadors, pledging his host efforts to main- tain and consolidate the existing friendly relations.The commercial treaty between France and England continued to attract attention and speculation. The Constitutionnel publishes several articles of the treaty,as the following:"On and alter tho 1st of July next, the importduties on cotton wool will be suppressed. English cool and coke will ho subjected to t re same duty as iu Belgium after October next. A duty of seven francsP ANAMA, Feb. 2, 1860.This town for the past week has been in a constant Never cut the roots downward, or so as to have the RESOLUTIONS OF THE IRON CONVENTION AT PORTS-I • ' ' EFROM EURdFE CANADA. I»in any other case the water would get between the Whereat, For several years the business of this region of Ohio bark and wood and rot oil' the rout, while if rightly- and adjacent Kentucky has been greatly depressed, owing to the fact that the prosecution of manufactureH of iron, with which done new rootlets will be put forth from the root end, ivll other branches of our industry immediately'sympathize, as iu from this place. From what I have Been of the speci- and all go on well. • All broken branches must be re- that trude BOlarge a proportion oi our wealth is invested: and,BY THEfrom the new diggings at Crnces, a small settlement on the Chagres River, and about twelve or fourteen milesthe Capaya forest The Federalist party has been mens which have arrived here, and which were found moved, and then the whole vop he reduced by cutting whereas, we ar«« convinced that relief can only be afforded by a law of Corj(jres8 levying a specific protective duty upon the im-dislodged from the towns of the RioiChico, Capaya, in the bed of the Chagres River, near the bankj, I back half, or more tfhan half, but always keeping the portations of foreign iron; therefore,Curiepe, and Tacarigua, in all of which they com- should think it was of a quality equal to any found in lower branches, of dwarf pears and other pyramidal RcHoIved, That common seme must regard tb»t policy as ruin-trees, longer and Btrongor than the upper ones. The ous which will as it boa occasiooed our railroads to be built, as mitted fearful atrocities, murdering men and women, California, but as to the quantity, and whether there tree naturally pushes its growth upward, and this ten- are the Baltimore and Ohio, Marietta and Cincinnati, Scioto andand suffering in their turn when the Government is 8cfii'-i*Mjt here to justify a rush from the States, I am dency must be restrained BOthat you will get the bulkforces entered those towns, for no] prisoners were not prepared at this moment to give an opinion. Theie of fruit near the ground, thus avoiding top-heaviness, . made, but every man that Comandante Capo laid is gold certain, and each train to Crocks, goes from and liability to branch-breaking by high winds. hands on was shot. The remainder, of that faction here in the morning loaded with gold hunters, with Keep a due proportion, between root and branches, so hold the forest of Capaya, and it would require their cradle, pick, shovels, and pans. that there will always be enough root to furnish food,Hocking Valley. ax.d the Lexington aud Big Sandy , of English iron, manufactured by English labor, over roads on which the richest depot-its of coal and iron in the world are devoloped, making the road bed. 'lleaotved, That patriotism dictates to every citizen true inde- pendence ; that we should not depend upon any other people for what we can produce ourselves; that man or family, community or country, must become eventually impoverished, which buys more than it solln, and that adopts a permanent policy of buying what it has the material, time and lapor to make.JRciolved, That the dumagoguincol dogm* that a tariff of protec- tion eniichee one class of community by impoverishing others, is exploded, and proved absurd by our own observation and ex- perience, as whtu under the beneficent operations of the law ofi *. many years and a vast number of troops to dislodgethtrn from its wild fastnesses. Colj. Aceredo, withtwo hundred well-armed men, held the town ofCancagera, but abandoned it with hk troops poor Indians, who were buried there hundreds of yeai-s ninety of every hundred tree purchasers, sot such storeTin's fciciiemeM conies aloDg jnut in time to meet the production. Wo aim at getting fruit in large quantity,and no waste of etrength in superfluous wood aud leaf-been boidly and judiciously pruned. Manypolitical excesses, for safety. Hi* brother has, iowever, tafeen an active and distinguished part us If ^.military man on the Government side. In re-•venge, Andres was assassinated, together with afaithful negrO^who had been his slave, and the over- aeer, oa the morning of the 30th Dec. at 6 o'clock, tm they v/ere preparing to spread tho coffee out to .dry. A sou of Col. Jelambis was murdered in much the same way at Guigue on the lake of Paleneia. /Such atrocities have never been committed in Ven- ezuela, as ince now of most frequent occurrence, %uodjonly in lidia in tha recent insurrection, could a.^parallel to «u<*t horrors the found.Jrj cousequeiHe of theee dangers, tho coffee croptannet be got in, in many places; the cocoa cropwill be £i£arly a failure though abundant in quantity, „ for the Wicdward Vallies, where most of it is pro- duced, are in fc&e nxwt horrible state of any, andfdme that was etolen and thr/rvm into tho Chagres light annual dressing of compost should he spread upon Mily interesting for her line bluck eyes aud black hair, The Bourse was inactive, and dull. Rentes closed in the possession of on* of his female descendants m On the 21«i of Dee^iber the Gorernment earned pjver in J85I, hs the adjoining banks of the river are the surfac curly in Winter, mid in Spring forked iu. Jlurty-two yearn of age, the mother of two girls, and on the 27<h at 08f. 50c Holmes County, Miss. It is the same staunch blade-into e#Wjt a nueasure exir&rie in zteelf, and moat not in the slightest degree ;ijipr<;gji.vuid with the precious Road-ficrapiugF, ditch-hot^m.*, and Such matter, are a third, an miant in arms. She was a meek, lowly wo- The latest dispatches from tho seat of war say that that he waved Iiioft when, "in the name of Jehovah metal. It i<i really amusing to »•««; the natives here good for application to a light soil, and heavy leaf- mun, apparently-absorbed in her Christian and dooioti- tho Moors had attacked the advanced redoubt of the and the Continental Congress," he demanded thd Bar-a fancy uiore keeper here. Another report is that auprepared that a hole needs only be large enough toAmerican .from Aubnrn{ N. Y., named Fisher, has put admit the roots. /The roots should be set about four orup several rounds in a tin box, which was Bent to Eng- five inches below the surface. In light soils they mayland. I eai.'ed upon Fisher and found him bojppiug be bet deeper than in heavy ones, because heat more about his ab<vp like a kernel of corn on tt hot griddle, readily parses downward The thorough cultivationsnd so basy "Was he making- pans for the crowd at of the soil among fruit trees cwi ho neglected only at his door, that .he could only rind time to tell me that he the planter's peril.laid put up SOIKC gold, but didn't believe it came from In iieid» of grain the poor trees are smothered by Cruces. Madam Myers hadn't been the Chinaman, and their avaricious, or unwise, owners. Wnen the rowsas for the two-pound man, he was the first who brought are '30 or 40 feet apart, almoet any farm crop may bo the newB. He sov'd his gold, which wm one qu&rter of grown between, but at least 6 feet of ground beyondSCANDAL IN HIGH LIFE IN CHICAGO. will be substituted for tho actual duty on iron fr-»m •December next. Duties on machinery wilt bo dimin- AN EX-MEMBER OP CONGRESS AND A BANK- ished. From Januiry, 1861; tho Sugar duty "ifill bo ER'S WIFE. reduced. From June, 1861, the prohibition of theDouglas's squatter sovereignty privilege", unless one wishes to starve his trees to «he extent of.tho foodnine pence per gallon, aad that silk will bo admitted The case has remarkable features in it, and fewer pal- free.tried to ruin a daughter or niece of a new Cabinet Min-THE BDRCH DIVORCE CASE.From The Chicago Press and Tribune.London, Dr. Walter Channing of Boston was elected! County, on the Chancery side thereof, dated aud filed an Honorary Fellow. The Boston Medical and Surgi-—The politest man in Massachusetts is said to bd Mr. Chose, treasurer of the Pemherton Mills, who, in . passing out from tho falling building through a door that was instantly forced open by the pressure, affably paused, and allowed another person to precede him.—The funeral of the late Judge Ingereoll was at- tended on tho 9th hist., at New-naven; by a large con- course of the relatives and friends of the deceased. Services were held at the late residence of the.Judge, xud at Trinity Church, and were conducted by tho. From The Chicago Evening Review. importation of threads and hemp jvill be replaced by Rev. Mr. Harwood and the Rev. Dr. Beardsley. ThoIhe city was startled early during the past week by a duty not exceeding 30 per cent; ipid from October,poll bearers wore ex-Govs. Baldwin and Duttou, Al- lied Blackmun, Wm. W. Boardman, E. K. Foster, Wm. B. Bristol!, H. B. Harrison and Johu S. Beach, csq. Besides the uieinbei s of the New-Haven County Bur, there were also present distinguished members of the profession from New-York, Hartford, and other places. Ex-Govs. Pond and Seymour were also there.the rumor that a leading hanker had diacovored hiawife to be holding improper intimacy with a distin-guished lawyer< and soon the story got afloat, as all bad shortly. , Iones will, and the factn—in various forms, and dressed Some French journals report thatthojduty on Frenoh to suit the teller—have eince been ventilated in every wines imported into England will be only two pence [ilace where two or more persons have been gatheredtogether.lating cirourostimccB than perhaps even the famed Sick- The project for tho annexation of Savoy and Nice toman to-day found a lump weighing very near ux into practice, remember also that in your baud-hoeing, :esafiit!r. Neither ofthe guilty pair ishandsome; on the France was being openly alluded to by French semi- through tho perils jof many well-fought fields, is now*their thighs, working wttfr pick, ehovel, aud pan. One point, for it inof the utmost importance; but.iu putting itounces. It is generally heiioved that the gold found is oriiorse-hoCing, the tree roots must not bo disturbed. A jontrary, nho its a slight, sallow woman, very plain, official journals as an almost accomplished fact.—The veritable sword which Ethan Allen carriedlUntitled Document1861, all remaining prohibitions will be abolished." The advantages granted to France will bo statedconsiderable loss.render of Ticonderoga.—At a recent meeting of the Obstetrical^Society oft-was5oi vwww.fultonhistory.com 