 '!objectionto its reference toexample ourselves,grievances.Mr.RxAGAifinquiredwhethernegroesIn Massacho.That was b«t a twenty-seven members are ve,.l|l..L*^lvyOL. EC—NO. 2587. CQNaRESS.loattt Itioi, of TirgiBia, oi the Servile liter ef Uw llirtk.1HB MSXICil T1B1T7 IS THE SERATB. Ho«ae Talks to Avoid a Ballot.Mr. Sbermaii witUn Three of Election.SpMlalOispatak«•a*Hnr-TorkTinua. WxMMiMWiiai, Wsdneaday,Jan.4.tbe Jfeto^liJtk ®me^NEW-YORK, THURSDAY, JANUARY 5, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.I's partiaaB Meads as tU-timed and giatoltaus. JC abort ExecvtiTe li^salon was held, bat no bnsl- Baas was cluisactad.«ixeept the eoninnstlon of one SicetTcr of Pnblle Honey.A desultory debate followed, In which Mr. Bxwji-to reform other Governments. We should set a betterslave.-Asaembly, and had to put in in one dayias his motives bad beenThe Mextean treaty muiraeclrad from the Presi- better go to the Judiciary Committee.that even If tbe President's recommendation claims freedom hasgaatlemfn of si](>erior attainments, and is destined to •acapy a high position in tlie Senate. ;Senator Misoii appeared in his seat to-day, clad in Tkgtnia homespun, while a Southern member of the aMar Hause sported a suit of " direct importation."The ballot to-day left Mr. Snaiiui three less thana natality, all the absentees having returned, exceptMaaara. Rxnous and Eicius. Arrangement was terms, which he had used yesterday, had been made to pair otTthe latter to-day, but the pair not to the subject of some criticism by the Hon. Sena-and a large number of the Bar.pages,by the mothers in person each mother In Una, kav-ha eoBtlDued to-morrow. Many Democrats are posed to any adjournment in consequence of absen- tees, and another ballot may possibly result in the election of Mr. Saxxiua.Mr. Etexdox TOted, to-day, for Mr. Claski, oftor from Wisconsin (Mr. DootrrtLX.) In speaking ofthose States where there were no slaves, I spoke ofthem as servile Sutes. I was not present when theHon. Senator made those criticisms, but I used tbemknowingly and deliberately, with a view to draw the mall contractors cannot be Imagined. All hack embrace every ctftservatlve element, to give peacedoBs the position assumed in her rejection of the Dal- laa-Clarendan treaty. Tbe Bay Islands are uncon- dltlosally surrendered to Honduras. Tbe treaty yet remalBS to be ratified in London. No doubt exists aaw of Uie snecesi of tbe Mosquito freaty. Great Britain wlB then have washed her hands of Central Amoriea.It is understood In well-informed circles here tha' Bussia will insist on tbe Paris Congress reviewing Ike Turkish question, a demand which will be go doubt refused her. This refusal may be followed by tha withdrawal of the Russian Legation.and where there were none, they have been called a condition of excitement, and especially those de-'I regret to announce that Mr. Moxsoii, the Secre-»• as men whose will is gentleman the and submitted to the Mttrnt, bondmen, but subject- now agree to the proposition, in order that the bill adopted by Legislature,JaanIsland, BothGovernmentsaresangiUneofaneady and amicable adjustment. ABUT NXWS.Gal. Sxiwiix having taken command of the Oe partment of Texas, as reported in the Tihib, he hasset the forces under bim in active mo^on. By Specia' Order No. 113, the following troops were ordered toDemocratsobjected.take up the line of march for BrownsviUe:The reports of the Bank Superintendent and In-_1;(hat the Speaker must /Companies C and F, Second Cavalry«f Light battery, Company K, First .Artillery, under aI,j;Companies A and J, First Infantry, and Campanies C, D and F, Eighth Infantry.All officers on detached service at the time of theshotild minister to the pride of the mastersubalternoflie understood Mr. Cox to say ment of the strife between the clergy of Albany andAnlstant- tke command.with thea tiling that would be unknown In my State, and, I;Delaware, (Rep.,)States where there are no slaves, than by calling them whose name had not been connected with this con- that there are Southern Oppositionists on this floor in Troy by the selection of a Chaplain for the House. thermometer having ascended a fow degrees aboveSurgeonaccompanybadge upon them,the false. chargeprotectpublic propertyRicsaxd Pom willthem to In appearThese troopswill be under the command of Maj.—coachmen andWhenPrison, so as to aild 154 more cells. oomplated,con- By Special Order No. US, Second L^ent. J. P. Ma-Joa, Second Cavalry, is directed tola. Texas, as soon a» practic^bl,-, un<l relieve Eirst Uant. J. T. SSAATT, la u>r viuiimin no offensivewas-iot aware of the sense In£^ator used the term. I was at a loss to con- tions In the way of the rendition ofovernight<ft«yadjourn,The exficnse of the Pri*ons for the Nrear ba* »»»,SJ3 M IW.MI WFirst extended fourteen days, by oommand ofArtilleryAitiliety^ for tna Denesrmnis health.dent's MesJiage, the Slavery Question and theof Congress over the territories. Hi great length. Mr Mr. R«AQA!i apprehended it was not that the com-i 'To thereceived upon his passage through RjDcbester,;power Constitution.theBy Spisoial Order No. 112, trom head-quarters, datedIIaslah said he was surprlj:ed by the position takenplyI give vou mv hearty thanks, Mr. Chalrmaa andpany he will be assigned when promoted.Transfer of First Lieut. Hxxar V. »i Haxt fromMr. HAXLAS^-lf the Representatives had no power to make a compact as an act of legislation, it was use- less.bypurpose now,thefuture, stateswhatIsfalse.Caaqiasy Mapproved at head-quarters.responserests on theassumpto Light Company C, ThirdArtUiery,isCapt. Fooix, Sixth Infantry, has been ordered tohis at Fort Vuma. jate CompaLyCapt TxxABWiu. Mooes, Assistant Quartermaster, will proceed to Fort Crook, California, and report for duly.A Board of Officers has been appointed to examinefrom the beginning. sentimeat of nations and governmentsMr. Hablas—Then It was the subsequent Government.—Mr- PooB it was not as an art of legislation, butand report upon the Barracks on Aleatras CaUfbmia.Island, q,1 am glad you repudiate your organs. previous to nhlch there was a call of the House.well as the supporters ofEuro;crewdutianary move-(laoa TBI uroans or tai aisociaiis pbiss.) WAsaisenur,Wednesday,Jan.4.Xhe delegate from Utah will, after the organiza- tub of the House, present the application of that Ter-'with tisrtquirc Ii»o or threi; cays,-arrange my business,Btah has a pnpuUtion of 100,000, and that if the Mor- mons were allowed to elect their officers thay wouldclimate of the Umted States. In the course of his be would not advance in everr State and town- re- plesMr. of BocxieKST,watch and ward over the interests of the people.The Moke op the Tboy Dkpot Fall«».—be<»K»Blzation, and probably be willing to pay the ex-It a point to rebuke sectionalism at home, and he foughtthe enemies of the Union and Ckmstltntlon here.understanding Republicans i)otpetitioniron gilders of the archesTo«idaymomint>vThe :.c.-idenf ""ff?.,TM"'',"- dtement The di^pStwil! not be rebuUt this Winter,almost as well satisfied with a Territorial as a SUter^al^aU,v.e v otfor mM:r.changeto thejat work In onee •f an electtoa.bearing a burglarwent to her father's roomand^ aootytheir Government besides.'Improving he did not hate the slaveholder.the forerunner of thousan'K itke it, of five be raised, toto answer the "s«i of the but repaired snUicfetly nnhlt^tmot**?""• SicxLis and Rstrolss were theAduring which Mr. Coltax, of Indiana, (Rep.,) said,For the information of Mr.seveS companies owning It, «bTO Wt »?^absentan**" of the Mr. Fosrii,repairto Indlano-sense, for he said atthe timf that he their Intention. They violate tbe Constitution, which which the honorable they are sworn to support, when they place obstruc-onlyHouse wBo had not paired off. In a said theofRepublicans were not obnoxious to the chargeas wouldbuilders donbt whether the building"'^''""f fo' «be!=huiuxi,, who lacked three volesIhe President haaTJea Consul tor the Graod, Duchy of Oldenburg atli'tle daughter Judge^LTpartiesHeknewIthadbeendeniedthatIt wastheof the Republicans to interfere with Slavery la the States, but there was proof to show that such wasop-toletterreceived from a contractor in Rock-savingsKey West : Thiobobx BoBur as Vice Censnl of Swe- eoorse he proposed to pnrsne. Be did not dlspote that ing let loose, as bad been geaerally charged, they had mlsappreSended bis remarks. No diselalaer was pointed Supreme Coon Judge In ptece «f Jaic*and Joaa Jouo Maa- nx as Vice Consul at Savaanak.SENATE.WAsamanai, Wedaeaday, Jaa, 4. try, and even in tbe thirteen original State*, .Ameri- aatnral tmder tbe eircumslance* arose, ^d the ne- Mr. Bovuexir accepted the diflclalmer. It was aQ Tbe warning given by the Govempr, that he irtndenandNorway,atSt. Faolgreat had been perpetrated on American were taken before a jnigt of \inimpeachable Integri- necessary. He bad read jn party organs—flie Rich- Davim, elected to the outragesvants of necessity;theycannotThe Clerk can re-— TE0C3LEABOnCH008ISGACLEBQTHAX THEpublicdare say, in many other States. I have seen it in thisof thespoke Repub-he pronouncedMr. Cox replied that he did not make that chargeTIB OP THE NOTICES, ETC-, ETC.Albast, Wednesday, Jan. 4, 1860.licanCompany A, First Infantry, from Camp Terde, that servitude. It is a servility to which they are sub- acter, and calculated to promote sectional hostilltyS. P. HxmsxuuK, First Infantry. Oa departure ofcityfootmen, wearingthebadge ofparty's principlesrevolutionaryof the American urged such a union. Party,The Assembly was a busy body yesterday.;CourtofAppeal*. Then««, elUzens In Mexico, and they ought to be redressed. ty to test the qoestlon whether they were held ac- mond Whig, the Louisville /tRoiiaf—rettnrka to sbow I believe, no other appllcani., and tte fast Oat kawhat I understood to be the true distinction between and horseback routes will be discontinued, unlessand happiness to a distracted land. Who wfHild come up and join him In this work ? He appealed to the Republicans to haul down their black flag and unite with national men.To exempt the property of firemen In the State from taxation to the amount of $500 each. Adjourned.HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY.Business in the Assembly opened with the pre-Mew-York, this being the first Democratic rote given the Slates of this Union where there were slaves, and something Is done by way of appropriation, notthoseStateswheretherewerenoslaves. Incommonsentation of petitions for a pro rata freight bill. Mr.Flaolxb,ofNiagara,(Rep.,)saidthesewere tradedsessionby him. His remarks relative to Mr. Gilhs being adead cock In the pit," created much merriment.By ber treaty with Honduras, Great Britain aban- tinction between States where there were slaves ort to avoid it. The whole community is thrown intosince thisarisen in our counlry, in attempting to draw the dis-had taken tea with anthe forerunners of an avalanche of similar petitions applicant on each side of him, 'and then ran (ha his American friend, liiu., to show him the la « in on a most Important subject He moved the refer- gauntlet of the long array of men and womea and Massachusetts on the alien suffrage question, adding ence of all such to a select Committee ofifive. Agreed bo.- s that lined the corridors from the dining-room toparlance,unhappy;I"Slave States," and on' the pendent on the mails. The writer says he cannot get that it Is a positive disadvantage and misfortULne to be to.his apartments. He reached his room at last, to And his family driven to the bedroom, and hi* parlorA class of servants wearing the badge of servitude,li^ury.tlnie,for the coustiuction of the Buffalo and Pitts- burgh Railroad.skies—uj»n the weak foundation of a proapectlva' Itfellowsthe of their liverythe of servi- degradationLegislaturethe of the heavy sighsmasters,tude. Yet they consider that the necessity of theirplaceappointment) little see.The weather is more endurable thanalliance with the Bl:ick Republicans. After d'scussion, the subject was laid on the table, the zero, wbere I hope it may stay. The sleighing I*one section position requires, on the part of the servant, that he;that Is the and 1 don't know, therefore, bow we can more properly express the distinction that exists between tbe States where there are slaves and theMr. HocsTO!!—Why would not the geatleman ac- cept of Mr. Bococi or Mr. Miusox? He had said that If the House would to the resolution he—lepsy. He opentheof the House withservile class;proceedingsmarching of the Companies mentioned in this order servile. In those States where, unhappily for them, and test,'I;—magnifiacdeansth obfe>raoind, dtehsectrhipetrimoonm.etAerlaitghztercoo,adtidngthoafwhom there could have been will, on their return to their stations, folmw on and they can have no slaves, they have a class of servants ous objection, lie wanted to act In good faith.jeln their respective Companies. Detachment of Cspt SYomuAS's Company, reported at .Camp Hud- son, will also join at Fort Brown.'Commander of Company G, Second Cavalry, willwho are not as free as those whom they serve, forMr. Stbvk!«s, of Penns>ivania, (Rep.,) asked Mr* HoDBTOH whether at the same time he wanted to electbelieved there was ;in affinity between theni. Beforethe S,^eaker, pending the action of the House on thequestion.Tbe Governor's annual Message was taken up inCommittee of the Whole, but without action or de- bate the committee rose and the House adjourned.and occupy Fort Inge. He will send a de- tachment, two non-commissioned officers and eight- een privates to occupy the camp on the Frio, andappointed' Gentlemen do not mean to pay the contractor*. Theyproceedto do his biuinessnot wear the badge q{ servitude.Onr Albany Correepondeare. BUSISKSS IN THE SESATI AHD ASSIMBLT IMPOR-—KOTICED THlVACANTJODGISHIP—— PEBPJ.KXITIES OF THE SPEAKIR'S DESKPrisons,several pi isons at the close of the year 18S9also a sufficient guard to Inge.theat the Peadencla until it can^ be removed to FortthelF.will is subjected by contractwas no degradation in it to that class, To speak of a Clerk?Congressmen as servants at the North, is no term of oppro- brium,andcertainly1didnotuseitinthatsense. I am a servant of a man, in my profession, when 1 en-but I am not servile, for I doI ^mean nothing mean to say that In those States where there are no slaves, there Is a class of ser-and In some of these States maketheseservantsknowtheir positionbyrequiringMr. HoosTox replied that that was not necessarytheOpposition. Hadgage;want to keep up the outside pressure. Mr.StxvxBS—ThegentlemanmustknowthatbytheConstitution no bill can be presented, nor resolution offered, till a Speaker and Clerk are elected.Mr. Houston—Theway. It was a mere subterfuge. main till bis successor is elected.Mr. RiASAa, of Texas, (Dein.,)—has In- exdnstre ofoffensive, butwere at them in, thus compelling the placing ofI doTANT HILLSperiod183S,sectional strife hasthrough revenge, but because they will be compelled to do so. This must be the result In spite of every ef-by Second I If It Is to make dis- and subventhe Constitution. They hold that the occupied Company I, jected. think, necessary any Constitution is a league with hell, and a covenantilargerof convicts from otber prisons to that Tbe demanditatloB will be Cavalry.By Special Order No. 114, Company K, Second Cav- alry, la ordered to proceed by the most direct route to the head of the Nueces River, and establish a camp at or near what is known as Old Camp Wood. Officers in command of Posts or Stations, occupied in wholeor In part, by Cavalry, wUl keep scooting stantly in the field.'tinction between the two classes of States, the term Free does not certainly apply to the States where there are no slaves, for tbe people who are In the Stales where there are slaves are as free, if not freer. Idonotseethatanypbjectioacanfa«taken to designating exactly the condition of those States where there are no slavee.Mr. Doounu, of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) said the hon- orable Senator would find he had Ihken the remarkwith death.Mr. Bikobav, of Ohio, (Rep.,) asked Mr. Riaoahwould in no emergency unite with the Republican*. Mr. Malloei of Kenlusky, (American,) said Mr. Cox was mistaken as to the Louisville Journal, Inresolved that they would be very economical, listened to the reading of the Governor's Message, and look alor menofsamej^eguueui.of A. A. C. 8., at that plaeeT3r~katog ralieveu, the .^•vf. hn-' it one time, in the hurry of tbe mo- fugitives.the Southern Opposition, and voted for a Conservativefrom North Carolina, and the Democrats had scorned10 render such men support. The gentleman from and leave behind a frightfully bloated carcass in the votlun of thf CSiaplains, who aid greatly the dlsci-Utteristoproceedtojoinhis'proparCoaapaay. ment,^.o-.ul Liii/i.tofdebate,!didnotknowbutCompany H, Second Cavalry, now «• resft ta Port sibly my honorable (iii ..a w^hi have referred te the yesterday, repeatedenlarge uponpllce of the prisons by Uieir fatherly advice,Northern States had laws Clark, pursoaat to Department Special Order No. 101, DiMiiiiiatic Party of the Free SiMtei, to which I con- passedcontraveningtheOhio said the American Party think differently at the North frAm the South, but the Democratic Party ofsemblance of a statute book.to the of the venerable Chaplain of SlngSing,conBtilulionalily of the clause requiring the ran-Iltlon Current Series, will, instead of carrying out tbe re- fess I have aotetlases thvugkt tUs tana servile might of slaves, lie di I iiut admit that Northern Statebe applied with a great deal of foiee. But I did notchoose to take the term ta aay oAnatre aaase, and IThirty days' leave of ab&ence is granted to Second expressly waived It, putting Ihe remarks I made on tion of fugitives from tbe Soutbem State*. They haveThe Senate, apparently exhausted by the exampleyesterilay,goesquietlyalongtoday, tiirvintheiriii/lueice. TheInspectorstieliavethatquirements of that order, proceed to, and establish a camp in tbe vicinity of Eagle Pass.anyhad passed laws for this purpose, but to prevent thethe peptlemar whether he did not culertain \iews asttia want ofUent.JoBHA.TsoMnOH,FirstCavalry. Leave of absence to Lieut. Siu. M.Artillery, is Oen. Wool.Al«o, twenty days to Lieut. Halukouist, Fovthsixty days to Lieut. Jas. TooHf&ojN, Secondtheground thatWisconsinwastheyoungesttKmiofominous that the agents ot the prisons do not reeeivo a suffi-Coopza,Virginia,Dec 29, 18S9, leave of absence granted to Brevet the Senator from Ohio, that ordinance of 1787 Maj. by the.mon kabeat corpus act Is brought to bear on the free- men who are (ugitive* from justice, but the action of those Northern States amounts to a total denial of theand in Banks. Senator Kstii deposits ouj Savings'a notice that the ra'^ful scrutiny of tlie bespeak*to con- \e\ my thanks to thO!C vou represent, lor this fiat-and in whatever sense the honorable Sena- tor used the term, 1 should never be provoked to use any opproprious epithet toward that State.Mr. Haxlan, of Iowa, (Rep.,) discussed the Presi-passed laws securing personal liberty. They adhere to the great principles of our ancestors. The k*beat corpus is dear to.thera, because it secures tbe rights of even the poor down-trodden elnt. Howiseinlegislative ways,canverycient compensalien tot their difficult and embarrass- "'of them and benefitingtheircondition, thening tsfor JeBB BaowK'sCox, he would observe that he (Bociio-fsv) came from a district in Louisiana where he had never seenTO*,this wasmoved that a Select Committee whom they should be referred.Bnt be thought this an unfortunate lime to undertake cording to law. He decided they were not, and In an that such an arrangement was beretofoie eontem- was the nominee of the party last'I* considaiM to redreee onr wrongs there, when In our own coun- attempt to arrest tkem legslly, an excitement very plated. a* giving him a preemption right to theplaea.cans were suffering wrongs, not dissimilar, equally groc* escaped. Although the Federal C^oort rendered be wanted.Several petitiona were pivaented, and private atrocious and equally calling for redress. Cltlsena, judgment against the defeiMlants for the rilue of Mr ErBxanss, of Tennessee, (Amer.,) made a few una introduced and referred. living In slaveholding States, whose views on Slavery those slaves, he believed that, the attempt bring to knmoreas remarics, and votad for Mr. Hobacx F.not tolerate tbe presence, in the lobby, of flUQ ill cers who hold their commlssioos from the ExaeoHee, conld not yet have been generally read by that «la*aMr.Povxu,ofKentucky,(Dem.,)Introducedabin differedfromthoeeoftbeeommunltleswherethey testthelegaiutyofthisforciblecaptureintheCourt, Clabx,ofNew-York,whomhecharacterisedasan ofIndividoals. Atleasttheydonot***dtqp^adlata abeUsb the franking privilege. Referred to the were residing, had no more tecarlty for life, liberty they weald be acquitted at the bar of God.Anti-Leeompton, Anti-Baebasan, and Ishmaelitlsh mock fright The paragraph was prabaklr M^aa^dand than American citizens resident In propertyMr. Dawxb, <rfMa.sachuse5s,(Rep.,)toMr,DemocratTke Bonce voted for Speaker wHb tbe following ,Committee on Post-offices and Post-roads.Mr. CaABSua, of Mlchigaa, (Sap.,) Introdaead a bill making appropriatkna for the Improvement ofGrand Haven and other harbors In Michigan.Hr. Teoais, of Georgia, (Dem.,) presented a peti- This 111 treatment was not exercised toward AboH- striking an attorney's name from the roll of the For Mr. Sherman, of Ohio, (Rep.,)tion ofthecitizensofAsceasiOBParish^La.,ontheonly,butitIsnotsowhere, pleasant BatiMBsubjectoftheHoumasLandGrant. Hemovedits Baattor Gbdk 'waa usable from iudiapoaition to reference to the Committee on Public Lands. As monsbretight as a charge agalrst the Republican party This law was passed by a legislature with not a RelFor Mr. Davis ofFor Mr. ValiawUgham, of OMo, (Don.,)frown this ! I use riiiii change mymM stated that he had nowere too absurd to give him a moment's concern, but papers for the heads of members of this body. He Mr. Dawxb—No more, no less. Every man whoand redressthe Committee on Private Land Claims. The charges He referred also to the offers made In Southern setts have more rights than white men theCAi and Dii.Anxu> on the fortifications in the Crimea, the appropriation on tbe ground that It was unconsti- tbe former had returned to their original and first for the use of the Department, and also two thousand tutional and violative of international law. The love. (Laughter ]want to be and whoseapplications are piMedcopies for general distribution. Agreed to.On motion of Mr. Masok, of Virgiaia, (Dem.,) a resolution was adopted that the Senate hereafterpower tbe President asked was to make war. That power t>elonged to Congress, and itcoold xut be trans- ferred to him.Mr. Hill asked what had become of Gov. Bakks, who was originally a DemocratMr. Datbs replied that Gov. BAns thought better of himself and the country, and joined the Republi- can Party. He and Gov. Bohtwill, like others In Massachusetts, are like brands plucked^ from tbe burning. [Laughter.]Mr. Hiu saw gentlemen to-day whom he bad met petition for a law compelling citizens to vote.Tbe Senate then went into Executive session, and Various reports, resolutions and bills of no general afterwards adjourned.SENATE.Albabt, Wednesday, Jan. 4.In the Senate very little business was done, the session only extending half an hour.ma*s the Speaker must choose committees, oOecr* and page boys.Now, consider that for all tbe one hundred aadmeet at 1 o'clock until the House is organized.interest were appropriately disposed of.Mr. Masok said he bad noticed that certainHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. Wasbcistoii, Wednesday, Jan. 4.Mr-WASBBi7Rjv,ofIUmol8,(Bep-,)called attentiontwenty-seven members, the Speaker has but thir^-two "he hadin-avUle, that State, in which the writer states that the state of things which exists owing to the fallare to paywhere there were slaves. I don't see that any excep- that Mr. Houbto:*, the other day, proposed a resolu-when speaking of Slave States, they do not mean to ceived no favor from Mr. WASBSi^as and his Republi- bation. He never excepted to go to Massachusetts.tion can be taken'to the terra servile, as applied to tion for a which temporary organization, bytbe Post- those States where there are no slaves, for certainly, office Appropriation bill could be passed, but this re-understood to say that he had no objection to the pro-°6tie?t.To repeal the Brooklyn City Court actBy Mr. jAqcis, of New-York, (Rep.,) to ikellUatedivinityhere and there one of the first divinities of the city—with Senators and Assemblymen, and memben'ofsay those States are not as free as any in this Con-federation—as free, If not freer. ' Tbe other States arenot the Free States. They might possibly be calledtee servant States, States where is a class in bondage,a class of bondmen. I do not mean. In any offensive Mr. Babissau asked whether theall im-;and yet theremet he saw in the Richmond Whig and Louisville Journal, and other journals of the Ameri- can Party, a strong desire expressed for a union oftion of the House.Mr. HAxnxaAX wished to say distinctly that there Isno alliance and no affinity between the Southern Op-position and Black Republicans. It was proper, whenthe was that it should be denied, and as charge made,a bumble representative, so far as be was concerned,now, but he had said that the WTkig journal, and otherNospeecheshad been made his side of the States, he did not wonder that he bad succeeded in Also, to amend the Religious Societies Incorpora- gives a look of despair, (do you w«mder ?) and thenbility.Bouse theydesiredanorganization.getting into Congress. It was true the alien suffrage tion act. adopts the only way that Is open-giving brief audi- would clause was opposed by a few Democrats. It was By Mr. Bcsb, of Chenango. (Rep.,) to amend (he ences to each in the order In -which be finds them.—— addingMr. WASBBums The gentleman proposed to electa temporary Speaker, and left a blank in the resolu- tionfortheinsertionofaname. Whydidhenotac cept that of Mr, Sbuhax ?relief of gas-constimers. But the pale-faced mothers and the Uttlei'eUow* tba—By Mr. O. ALLiii, of Erie, (Rep.,) to extend the have been bt'.llding castles towering almoat to theagreewouldpropose to fill the blank with some individualofMr. Cox explained. He said the other day that he Invitation of the clergy being left at the discretion ofthesnow,job. LEO.The State Prisons.THE AK>FAL BEPOBT OK TUX INePECTOBS.The annual report of the Inspectors of 8tateshows that tlie number of convict* in theagainstno seri-The Clerk acts till his successor Is presentit not t>een for old Ossawatornie Bbowh they would have been united iu the organiza-whether he could name any such sentiments !who holdshad "The Inspectors think all toe prisons sboold he en-if n that the uisiricts should be largcd.}or ot, ebaaged,or a law pa-^sed to authorize the transferof 'leonylcti fromoneprisontoanother..\t Sing Sing there are now 1U9 ronvlets man tban there are cells, and during tiie Winter iwialh* thia RllI be Increased to MKI. TIN Is considered In- consistent with the safe keeping of the pritoDel*,gentlemanescapein that—PBO BATA FKEIGHT BILL STRIKIKO CHABAC-asin their char-LookHe was willing to say that Uiere were certain gentle- over the record. In the morning It met, called the this will enable Clinton to accommodate S44 eonvicts.Mr. RxAOAit said suck was the view entertained by extreme men engaged In the crusade against Slavery.H* came here with a sort of Impression that those with whom he acted would have their assistance, but when those gentlemen first refused to be led off in tbe vote forof Delawarelistened to a prettily expressed eulogy of the deceasedMr.CcBTis,ofIowa,(Hep..) saidMr.Rxaoax,asThe Inspectorspos- well a* Mr. Dorc*thateight, 'rcjiort theaf»r the old Kev. J. Li'CKXT, to prove that p/isonsfashion. A few pffiillons. a few notices of bills, and the'gre-atest defect In our prison system Uand referviolation of that very elatise which requires the rendi-tl»o.-»<--ortotal, as the journal shows It But some of those responsibility In the prlnclnal officer*. Tbey cetiaiderrepeated that the kabea* corpus prevents the violation af theplated an alliance with the Rniublicans. If such a proposition was made by tbe IBchmond Whig It spoke for itself.Mr. Haitos, of Tennessee, (.\mer.)—TTie gentlemanfrom Ohio had said, in his that but for the re- oifinlon,cent of Jobx Bbo».v, I would have been in alli- forayGot. ^ward at Racbeitar.adi'.reas and letter which Mr. SewabdMr. RxAOAM said thetion that the law Is not executed in the Slave States inMr- Scott, of California, (Dem.,) declined the whitemenoftheUnitedStates. Hereadfromthe Mr.CrsTis,Inthecourseofhisreply.Informedthe eruseofhisnameforSpeaker.can was In fact to the Territories to the policy Rivelong-Mr. Cbaio, of Jllssouri, (Dem.,) nominated Mr. monopolies." Mr. Eress proposes to repeal the acIncorporating the Consolidated Stage Company.'' Those interested for the corporations had better bo watchful. Messrs. Govxa and Bcaxs will of coursewill hear of me. Whatner questions may arise there, theyscientific works of Aoasbii and others to show that gentleman from Texas distinctly that the people"none but the black race could live In cli- tropicalDavis, of Indiana,Mr. Eaaiun, of Indiana, (Dem.,) nominated Mr.to our whole(Independent.) Consatutlon several years ago. He represeiiu that anywhere, and that the negro did not flourish in the everywhere. He never advocated in Texas princi- McClxxhasb, of Illinois, (Dem.Jcrnbllinrntsand me to Licmand,countryof the North do not make war on Slavery where It exists. Mr. RxAOAii said he scorned sectional agitationto my -shall seem toI'j•Take my.A "{.'^"nimodation, Mr. Taviox to-day was of Slavery agitation, for the question was Introduced state the facts. A part>' from the South went, at mid- a Republican in his life. He never knew one till he I feel oi;acular—that this is to be the Committee of IlUoryloradmissionintothe.Union. Theyadoptedamates. He contended that the white race could livehomeRepublicanthat there be a union recess for dinner. In the mightagain,byGeneral Railroad act.tary of Lord LroKS, is dt:C«iJueU in London by serious ed to the will of others, as servile men. Yon have could be passed, ple. The entire Lemocratlc Party stayed at home, and By Mr. CiJJOOTT, of Kings, (Dem.,) to prevent the any feast? For a seat In the Speaker's deskpurposeTAjmosii, Captain Second Cavalry, is extended twoBonths. By same Order, Second Lieut. Esuons C. not be repealed.BAimarDai, Fourth Artillery, now at Fort Mr. PcGB, of Oiilo, (Dem..) sa'.d the Senator misun- master's right to bis slaves, and that the master Is iu so suggested. I am ready to prove IU I made np ing and to the publication of legal notices.'' There's stance to me to find that absence, aud at my time ofandreportfordutywithCompanyH,towhichCom- andtbeStatescededlandtoCongress.by who come into the Northern States as well asthoseoftheSouthernStates..\nyor will be in themyan old cat and a litter of kittens expected to be foundunder that mound of meai.was a binding compact between the States, and couldMr. Cox—Kearney, personal danger in seeking to recover tiis property. personal application.will proceed, as soon as practicable to Port Randall derstood him. Tile States were equally represented Mr. Cdbtis said the law is often violated men Mr. HATtoa— man who intimates that it isof "a bill In rela'Jon to the publicreferred him to have said that the Southern Americans bad been will- unite with the if it had beenHowever, he did not without certificate, warrant, or- any other legal au- subject AU Mr. Cox had said aixmt sach an arrange- more than any other,luore of the ol the depot bioke and fellmarks he said that if a man held slaves for gain he ship in the United States. Asa Democrat, he made loathed him, but If he held tbem with a sincere desireto the remarks of Mr. Cox,for the passage of the Pro Rata Freight bill was presented this morning, by \Lt. Mort-of Genesee. Mr. FLiaiia, with the remark thatConnecticut, (Rep.,) followed, andSpnrg. Soihe on the old will ever be reconstructedColloquyfollowed between several gentlemen,foray.probablyprophecy—•^^.ri;'' ?"^«»- The absence of Mr. Rsr- into the President's message and upon the floor by night, to a cabin in Cass County, Michigan, and. came here. He had never been approached on the tbe session, and the Pro Rcta Bill the measure that, A of Colt of Louiaone case kk Indiana had been referred to, heplan.St'.,of 'be rooms below,will attract tbe attention of the intend to discuss that subject, but would con- thority, took, hid, and carried off several black per- ment of the Southern OppoeiUon with the Republi- people of the State. There is no load of managementInRxAOAS, said the gentleman was mistaken If he be. Hevad the Republican party bad sent an attorney to the penitentiary for appearing In behalf of a claimantby the ftct that, last year, the Governor ooalA ^t go throagb the vestibule of the Capitol witkoot aaoa^n-Mexico. He read statements of numerous acts of out-rage committed on Northern paople'ln SoutharaStates, and of the general pnscrlptlon of all Noitb-emers, from which even females were not exeront. ander the Fugitive Slave law. There was a law for Necessary to a choicetwo-thirds of tboae wbo were Inand also to the tnd faith obeerved by the poMtean In It, and tbe first time thewtltf to-da7 to Ifr. Pms. Senators Boauaiu. Fos- Chairman of the Committee on Private Lands be felt Government ip carrying out treaties for the proteo- th< Governor and a majority of the Legislature, tbey • The Bouse then adjourned,embarrassed by the charges made against him in con-grant.Mr. JoHKSOH of Arkansas, (Dem.,) apposed the re'-utes in oontradiitiaetion to the alare labor of the belong there, and ha was opposed to taking business The ennaHlon was condemned by Mr- from one Committee and giving it to another.;Hon of the Texas Reserve Indians. Be honored theSecretary of the -the manly manner In interlor^orrepealed H. Massachusetts has endeavored, by legis- lation, ever since the passage ol the Fugitive Slave law, (and would continue to do so, so long as she wasscattering.AFFAIRS -AT AI.B./UfY.aa aad Haiub^npladthe atientfoa or the Senate.Iba datatjiaator Uuon, in exceedingly bad Sarteg "nection with thattoward* all Northerners withoat dis-cavrta under such and this circumstances,3J 14 9 laII'tlonlsiacrimination. Bethen referredto theeondltlon of Utah, where no man was safe who was obnoxious to the Mor-Mr. Cox, of Oldo, (Dem.,) addressed a few words toon the one sideother side *' Free States." Now, those amoDg grain for his horses. Mr. WASHsnaii wished to say a white man there. [Laughter.) White a negro can Notices of the following bills were givenwhom I live have never taken any special ex- to the contractors that he did not consider himself re- become a citizen In six months, a man from abroad By Mr. Coopi*, of New-York City, (Rep.,) to pro- crowded with men that could pusb a waiter one side, ception to calling that section of the country sponsible for their distress. must serve a probation of two years after naturaliza- vlOe for the apj^ointment of Inspectors and Canvass- and enter a room whether the rightful occupant did Slave States, knowing It meant those States Mr. Baiksdalx, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) remarked tion, and must be dipped in nitrate ot silver before be ers of Elections In New-York. or did rot desire their presence—a room foil of " tk«replyRepoblicans gotstance*, when Americans were suffering so much tions to secure to every man bis rights, whatever his ties of official position, it moit be Hr. Speaker LrAx-wrong at home, he thonght It mistimed to undertake color, class or condition, whether for freeman or Important Meaaarea to lie latrodaeed. joaa. He was called yesterday to praMt -onr ttewhich he brought the onfrages on those Indians to tketuia, applied the term ferrfle" to the labor of Free rnceto the Committee on Public Lands. It did not attention of the country. Under all these circum- true to herself,) to pass all needful rules and regula- A LIZT DAT AHOHS THE LEOISLATORS. of tbe emptiness of honor, and tbe cam aad porflSikl.meetingwas acceded to. It was doubtful whetber the Govern- tbe laws under which he lives, and any man who room. On motion of Mr. Joan K. Poxna, Judge loctant to go on poor committees, i. «., wtera (hm i<it had4aat, and was referred to the Committee of Foreign Af- Finally, on motion of Mr. Tosius, it was r ferred ment would last long enough to enable him to get an charges on the RepabUcans anything beyond that> Paiox was called to the Chair, and addressed tbe jimpugned,thoughtthonghtthe rightof habeascorpus underAppeal*j'twenty-seven varyarmy there, as threats were made from the other sideto dissolve tbe Union when a Republican Presidei>tlu^ majority, tboogb it is doubtful wnetber Con- dentials of Lims T. WierAU, as Senator from Texas, is elected. That event would take place within a come of the American Party In Massachnaetts.grass will Tote the four millions required to be paid. and^e was duly sworn. year, though he did not think the Union would be dis- Mr. Davxs replied his opinion was that the Ameri.Mr. WuMii, of Texas, appeared and qualified as Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) from the Com- solved. It would be wise to wait a year to see if the can Party was made up about one-half from the Dem- ported, and Judge Pabzu and Hon. Hinr K. Sil- them, " if the Republican party is to succeed in diafijnfT— to fill the unexpired term of Gen. Hinsu- mittee on Military Affairs, moved for the printing of exigency arrived which the gentlemen had refer- ocratic Party, and the otber half from tbe Whig Party. nxii also paid tributes to his many virtues. The next Presidential election." To these add thrae han- taa, who sneeeeded Oen. Rcsx. Mr. Wroriu is a ten thousand copies of the Report of Majors Moani- red to, and besides these objections, he opposed Tbe latter had gone into the Republican Party, and meeting was attended by all tbe Judges of the Court dled and sixty bo< s of all ages, from slxto(lztaen,whoIUi& The impnfshm Is that it will be sf^nroved by ato a select Committee of five.Mr. HurBiu of Texas, (Dem.,) presented the cre-dees not understand the of the case. factsmeeting in an eloquent tribute to the deceased JudgeMr. Bni, of Georgia, (Am,,) asked what bad be-PicxBAV. A series of resolutions, warmly eulogiz- seventy very viseful," very eSdent" aad labo-In American days, and they then gave early indica- tion as to what Iheir purpose was. Tbey declared that they would come Into the American Party to control it, and if they could not do so, to destroy It As for himself, he was willing to inaugurateaparty toBILLS MOnOES.In relation to unclaimed dirtdends ins'Jtutlons.renilt:Whole nomber of votesterlngeoaorfa^A^For Mr. McClemard, of llttpols, (Dem.,) wag ForMr.Gilmer,ofNorthCaraUaa,(Amer.,)104 is oflen pleasant to see old &eea, bat whoa yoa dlDr101 meet In the lobby tboae wbo are paid ftar 1Tbe remainder were"more In the lobby" than they can in office, «*J tMIroffices are worth four or five thousand a year. Bttxen to elect between absence from Albany asd coatinn- ance In office, and they will give up the oBaiflodlana,(Indep.,)rhglM<t^iiH|* tive, and " reckon" not. Some there «iw wha-'iiifca.4LBAirr, Wedaeaday, Jan. 4.attendedState was held this afternoon In the Court ofhours in that capacity.-Aof the Bar of theOne hundred andbltloQs to be chairmen of good committe«*-rt&e same one hundred and members re*a good deal of routine work, like lh*1 ili riilitii «the Committee of Engroased Bills, 'tken aMot " " "largely{:can be on an equali'y with a black man. By Mr. Jams, of Kings, (Dem.,) to divide tbe leading men of tbe party"—bankers, editor*, doctor*Mr. Hill's reply was not distinctly heard. He was Eleventh Waid of Brooklyn and to extend St Felix- of law, doctors of physic, doctor* of —aadcan friends. Mr. Dawxs said if Mr. Cox did not understand theMr. WASHBUxif washed bis bands of ^ responsi- politics of Ohio better than he did those of other the collection of wages.Congress, and State Officers, wailing for blm—all heard of them. From the necessity of their condi- Mr. Washbuxs replied that, when Mr. BouSToa of- refused to come out and help that portion of the Re- fraudulent transfer of property, aad to amend the from now to the end of time, I wouldn'tI have reason to bcHeVe that measures are 6n foot tion, there is a serving class in the Free States as fered the resolution, he (Wasbbuxii) proposed to fill publican Party opposed to it to vote It down. If they New-York Wharves-and-Slips law. talMac to speedy settlement the disputed titlp'to San there Is a serving class in Slave States. Those the blank with the name of ioas Sbimhah, and the bad got five thousand from the forty thotisand Demo- By Mr. Flaolxx, of a pro-rota Freight bllLbe thus badgered. And tben the end—ments. The Doctors, divine, legal and medical, wlU deem it their prerogative to be Indignant at tke fail- ure of Ikair proUgis. The divinity will torn np heridea of their unhappy condition. That very classof servants are by their masters made servile. Ihave seen them, and I dare say others have, wear-ing their master's livery. I have seen It in this City. for him to read that letter was insult tobed in his shirt-tall and Inditing a letter to the Abo- LibertyhUl. feathered head with proud disdain as the Speaker litioni.'^A [Laughter.] Cisbiko had bo-ted every By Mr. Govxa, of New-'Tork City, (Dem.,) for the himself goes by. Easy to be endured are these.crats, thb blot on the fair escutcheon of Massachusetts By Mr. HoEii*, of New-York City, (Dem.,) to repeal Mr. HousToy, of Alabama, (Dem.,) said that showed would sever have been there. He saM Calxb Cdsb- the New-York Btege Company act.who are subjected by contrae* to tho will of othersare servants, and always called so. But, Sir, theterm servant States does not exactly express the the insincerity of Mr. Wasbbcbji and his friends. He uo made Lis way Into public life by getting out of By Mr. Fowill, of Ontario, (Rep,,) a Peiaonal- aristocratic nose at the Speaker's wUe, and toas hertreated his (WAeHBOs.i's) proposition with the scorn and contempt It deserved. The gentleman intended to defeat the object of his (Horsros's) resolution, andpoint of the compa^5, and undertook to berate Massa chusetts, whose shoe-latchet he was not worthy to unloose.Mr. Cox said the Union and the Constitution was awatchword with the Democratic Party. Ooe Union-loving sentiment of CrsuiBO or Everett would throw fpector of State Prisons were presented. A long de- tbe whole delegation from Massachusetts into cata- bate ensued upon the question of inviting clergymentoMr. HiRDBMiH, of Georgia, American,) rose to a Mr. L.1W,prayer. moved the settle-questionprivilege,yesterday,peo-Wasthere ever a^^morehideous skeleton atorgansthanmen of the Southern Opposition on this floor who roll, swore In, signed the Constitution, elected oflicers, there, and know of no law to authorize tile raawvalwaswlth;the Republicans who had been elected In Peim-which itIntimatedsylvanla and New- Jersey by tbe People's Party.D.Sbaw,Ckiunty;afternoon metan announcement of the death of one of the memberselect, Mr. Dohaldby bis colleague, Sahcil A. Lawn*enhowever, to say that they had several times come to adjourned until this morning at 11 o'clock. If this EarningsdidSbkbuab, that possibility was removea. It was duei for seats, and being all Jduly |labeled and located, beeneach section al.o think differently. He would ask ofare reforma-to irquattc-r -»-^«i\ t-ri",;pty 'liilorpnt from whom he voted, from Mr. liucocx ?withconstitute the sum amoiediretn andiBdividual personal accoontabllltyance with the BlackRepublicanson this floor.gentlemen n{ the Committee, and 1 beg youIdistinctlysaid theofprint- tering rongratulation. It Is a gratifying circum-gave organs your party Legislature,for^eworking fever is to prevail for the constitutional pe- riod of the session, I fear it will exhaust the syste-uExecs? of expense$8,948 10 the services and de-uiilmportijnt resolutiontwo,Mr. BoTSLia said toMr.Cox there never was anhour when any portion of that State ever contem- movements among the notices. The mantle of Dr. ing services.see severalBbafcmtb appears to be covering the shoulders of Ex-Editor, EiJudge, Ei-DlsSict-.^ttomey, Ex-Gen- eral, and present Senator HAUxoim—who gave notice of his Intention to introduce a bill to recover and ap-to unite with The Senate Is evidently indisposed literature. A " to.Republicans,Mr. Cox—That disclaimer is not necessary. The cer iind rejjorter," of the Civil List. w&^ ta-'ded yester foiuineto f.riil not a Joor of li'it or hovel, or Parlia-'Mr. Pcea said It was void as an act of legislation favor of the slaves. He believed a negro entitled to Mr. Uattoh—I have made the remark. ItissuiS- furnish two extra copies of the Red Boole, offered to- ciicumstanie a great of*;"TMpe not on liberty should be vindicated with as much certainty ciently comprehensive. 1 don't wish to add to it. day, went to the table with the Civil List. since tl.e leiiod of my former visit to that country, 25certainly binding of success In the Slave as the Free States. He had Mr. Bbabsok, of Tennessee. (.American,) -.said thai The Assembly had a time over the old question o vears 6«ro. I found everywheiv, that to be knownneverwas as a compact. It required nine votes for an act liberty, but who obtained it.of confederation, not a compact.Mr. TacMBiru., of Illinois, (Rep.,) denied that it re-quired nine votes for an ordinance.4(r. HAXLtii resumed, and argued that the Republi-Mr. Cobb, of Alabama, (Dem..{ remarked that two white persons stole two free black children in hi. town, and went to Tenne-^sce and sold them. They were pursued, taken back, and having been found guilty, are now in the Penltentlao' of Alabama.Ohio.Mr. Cox—The House then agreed to take a vote for Speaker,tations to half the clergy of the State. The knottysubject was temporarily disposed of by laying it on the table.uron all questions of peace. »ar, progreas and its re- vi>r«e anioDc those nho ma|jtitn:e.in present systems, aaknow^Louisiana, (.\merican.)keepThe firstTroy of says 'Two Areiw, yesterday,gentlemen on the otber side.sider that branch of the message referring sons, claiming them as slaves—taidng them from can parly was utterly untrue. He also spoke for tbe that can crush the strong shoulder* that lift up and Ing riftoL J!;'^'of,W's^recognizedRW.WatCHlas toourMextoanrelations.Be differed entirely from Ihe PreitJent aa to thaother twenty-thrte members of hi* party,Mr. Coz responded that the gentleman and othersThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069measure.Theie Is a prospect that IflAAO 0. DtrroR will be ap-at the same time for a thinoiseandleft,takingonlyaportion with him.-MichigantoIndiana,andstill withoutanw(uitaln thatrant. They were stopped at Sooth Bend, and instead of be-Untitytled Docuamen| 'rresolutiontopurchaseacopy foreachmember,offi-and of piiSllc men throughout Europe.Ithas my b^nwithoutTooeher, Utter. .-redenti^B or comniissi^.n, openea tna way t* hereafter have no respect for the gentleman from of theology. The various propositions covered Invi- coufereoce, iliscufsion and cehaie, candU and franka case where a negro k-^a entitled to he had no affinity with the Republicans, and would how to secure tbe necessary and customary amount and uno'crsl.xKKl as an .AroerrcaB,;adjourn' cast lotsresolved toto the use of the State, the unclaimed dividends following was his reply:life a long absence, has rot at all abated tbe cor- dialilv, kindness and respect of the people amongwhoin I asa 1 llvp, and those whom repretenttor ol the L nltcd Stales. If Jlsco^ered In this gentleman did not show a preat deal of br.ivery by it. day, and couldn't be moved to-day. A resolution to ment or <:i>iiit, closed a^sinstn.e. andThere were some strikinf notices in the House.Mr. Govit proposed '' (o relieve all gas consumers in thecountiesofKingsandNew-Yorkfromallgas andthenpoontoWashington,whereyou|207 ' 'virtue of hisfavor,or tha faror of hi*pradaeaaaM'.Itrlons"membetsofthe want a* door- ing tbe life and character of the deceased, were re- party place*LEGISLATPRE OF NEW-YORK. Ing her boy fixed up and In leading strtngs, so aa to favorably impress tbe Speaker. Out of t& ekaotle;Mr. MAimxBi, of N. Y. City, (Rep.,) presented a chairmanships for the|Ik»»f'«^'»°^"J^--IiIf ever there was a man suddenly made egaaddoakeepers, postmasters, messengers, etc., and msuthavpalewith deliphtlighted up,The consider this Inspectorsneeeasary—seventy very asefiil mem-bers of the party, " but three poor places and that of ;the army of anxious mothers and boys oa tfeeirgeod behavior he can make glad the hearts of bat ten—tenten boys boisterou* rampantI looked in on the Speaker last night, eurioiuto seathe panorama of passing applicants. Be had jost re- turned from tbe aftenioou session, languidfrom the foul atmosphere of the Assead>ly Chamber, and worn out with the fatigue of a pro*m oi lunate pfacesportunate, all exacting, all imperative. The Speakerin thethree hundred and fifty-four women that cannot ba baned out from the Speaker's ear—it is the tew- dimmed eyes of the disappointed (their first great dU-over the samelodgeofcreased 3('0the convicts In the .tubum Asylum. Therethe close of 1659, I'M more convicts than tbers were cells totwo In a cell, or the confinement of some in the chap- elsandhospitals. TheGovernor,Lieutenant(Sover- nor and Comptroller, who were last year lappolnted a Committee to consider the propriety of enlarging the State prisons, decided only to enlyga Clintonat Auburn andUiev can be more profitabl) employed than at Clinton.mrntsin 1 shaj],— wm Ican, andItmuch»1U be met in the spirit which my dutySlug Singis also so that greatFall,the disapp<dnt-^na- sa» muchof'public affairshange in the temper.v , j,. -„dispatchese www.fultonhistory.com 