 WHOLEN O .8809.S U N D A YMORNING,OCTOBER2 1 ,1 8 6 0 .PRICE T W O CENTS.B- Qgden Dorsmea, PrnHamei at Chemistry aad Pnar- f*cy.be>ngdulysworn,deposedth»ih«residedat70 Lntoa Ptaoe; at toe request of tieveaer floMrsasr I re- ps'redtoBallevoeHospitalwtthaeasnacr ofaewsadT JHJbi JVE WI,\1 IHERALD.•? j'• taw minutes after, the engine and oars being finelydecoratedwiththeAmerleanandEnglishflags,*c.The rojal earwaa elegantly fnrntabed tor the oeOMioowitha bountiful andrichcollationofmeet*,frutta, shire,aadothers.Of the onmarried ladies, each one entitled to Tie Run of the Royal Train from Oa alighting from t h e car t h e Prince wae greeted with tion tor peteseal beauty, w e wiB name:—=•t UseTHE PRINCE'S DEPARTURE.FMat, Mrs, Uawsrwosd, Mrs. Stevens, Mrs. Rogere, H * . Mrs.Mayhew,Mrs.B F Martin,ofManchester,New Hampshire,Mrs Selma Bale.Ke-ene, New Hampshire: Mrs. Jacques, Hon.Mrs.N.Q.Vpbam,Oonoord,NowHamp-r^nkmsa, Klssam, W m H. Draper, Foster, Swift sadBoston to Portland.repeatedcheerafromourcitizensaadnumber,ofCana- dian subjects and British officers present He was re- eetved byMayor Howard,of this city, British Admiral Milne, Commodore Seymour and other royal officers.Mayor Howard greeted the Priam with a brierwet come, leading him immediately l i his carriage, present lag htm, ea.swam**, to the members of the City Council, who sainted him, the Prince raising his hat m return.The Prince rod* in the Mayor's barouche, with theM a j o r , t h e D u n e o f N e w c a s t l e a n d L o r d L y o n s , U r n Major, iiw unue otMwa Mary Ball, It i n Liszte Halo, daughter o fRice, Mt.s Fanny Eastman, of Manchester, Newshire; Maw Lizzie Atkins, Miss Nellie Atkins, Miss Lucy Sampson, Miss Gilbert, Dorchester; Miss Jennie Colby, Charleston n; Miss Allen, Misses Brown. Miss Bates, ofBos- ton; Mss Ober,Mwa Felton, Misses9awyer, dsoghtersof ex Mtyor tfeayer,olCharlestown; Misses Dalton, Miss Thomp- son , daughter or Col. Thompson; Miss Parker, Miss MarionLillyftensiatt,Dr..Ratals;.Plnnall and Sands, samel Professors c a r n o r h a n mmcl Doremns—Tbe Jmry Render n Verdlet of Dentn tram Apoplexy, Ac.,dwa.•parts first examined, aa incision having been made from thetopofthesternumtothepubes;theabdominalwalls were found loaded with fat, measarlag upward of aa laea endahalf Inthickness;thelungswere next expsasd to viewbyremovalofthesternumandcostalcartilages;they crepitated freely, and presented a healthy spswaraaos everywhere except at their apices, where their sub stance was puckered, appaiently from elds tubercular do position; there were no signs of unusual oaagaattoa otthese organs, nor was there say afiastoa in the pleur « cavities; the pericardium was BOW opened, aad found to contain about an ounce of yellow, transparenttae heart was of normal slse, bnt was greatly loaded with f a t , w h i c h e n c r o a c h e d c o n s i d e r a b l y u p o n t h e m a s e a t a r t a sne of tbe right ventricle; ton cavities of the heart ware healthy; the ventricles were empty, aad the urtclss eon ta ned a moderate quantity of blood, partly coagulated;received from Prof. Carnochaa tbe tomach, which W b m Heated U tU cardiac aad pyloric onflow, also the targe aad . small mteattaes. with tbe costeetsof saidorgans,also a portionof the liver,oneof the kidneys,thespleen, some mucusfrom the mouth, with a part of the tongue, tbe msoahajwa. a pert of the brain and spinal merro., tbat tasVeesea wtrecoveree end teaied and removed to my private labo- TM°*7, which is used arlely for poison examinations; tbat tbey were reserved antil nest day, toe windows sen W * f * f nndaT lock and » al; that on Frtaay, the 19thOutpouringkhm* the Route.PeopleThe investigation la MMease of Mrs. Jane Augusta Blsnkman, formerly known at Fanny White, was cm eluded yesterday afternoon at the Twenty first precinct station house before e jury of the following named gentle- - / • - .G e o r g e T a g n o t ,o ft l i tin A r e other carriages. They tai liaglig of Bells, Firiif of Casaois m -^\Lrwoeysanl esuciotretedfolbloywtihnge First regiment, under command Bbf Colonel Smeat, consisting of the following companies - I Portland Mechanic Boss, Portland Light Infantry, PdtV•loel Wolfe, H. H. Heeler,D B. Arnold, William CoUey.ltl?*Mi" !»*»rwwwal corroborate bis statement; iKnthmitstie Chetriif of the People. THE OUTBURST I S PORTLAND.band of deceased. B e was quite calm during the com mencement of biB examination, but towards its close be was quite moved sad seemed deeply affected at his miscalcareous deposit, nor any other morbid change; the ab- dominal organs were next examined, and exhibited the following appearances: the liver was somewhat larger thaa natural, bat otherwise free from disease, axsaptEasternlutefromthe Entire FleetandOtxr Oosnen Correspondence. Hoaaax, Orange Co., N. Y , Out. 19,1890.Wharf Amid a Grand Sa- the Fortx cf the Harbor.ronfilledwithBritishofficers. Therewasafresheaster- on theCommon immediately after thereview. The day before w e bad been out to see the procession anddences of apoplectic extravasation were at once discover-ed ; the effused blood was spread out over the surface of thebrain, beneath the araebnord membrane, aad was tomany places sufficiently abundant to entirelyconceal the Tkt Political Excitement in (he Rural OietricU—The Oon- subjacent cerebral substance; It extended over the lateral oreatonel Contest ta Ike lento District— The Pretidentxal portions ot each cerebral hemisphere, and covered the Struggle, dc.mainder of the party stayed a few moments, .baking hands, say m. "good bye" to their Canaditn friends Gov. Bank.,Senator 8umner,aad manyAmericans to whom they had been previously Introduced.<>oleaving thelibrary thestudenSs, who badformed a semi circle around the entrance, gave "Three cheers for la the harbor, aad these, with the wharves and vessels the Oxford student '" Tnis very appropriate compli-A PORTRAIT OK THE PRINCE.AladysendsthefollowingportraitottbePrinceof inguntilEllenrangthebellformetocomeuptoher state;withtbeexceptionofanincreaseddepositoffatOneida will give Lincoln 3,600 majority, Conklln, republican, to Congress.a n delestThe scene was moat imposing. Many vessels were lyingCity Politics.THE SQUABBLE FOB THK SPOILS—PROGRESS OF TTIK POLITICAL TRADE SALES, E T C .England, makusg s o stoppages. Theespecialportwhichtbeywillmakehasnotyebeendecidedupon,buttheAdmiraltbotiabtthatthe/weaid lead atPlymouth. Thewhole Eaglish Caaauel Beetisexpectedtomeetthemsomeetctauceoutsidethethosewhowerefortunateenoughtosecurethehandofthe s&gbtest symptom of reaotiin remainiot;; I prorounred ber dead, probably by apoplexy; I w»s thereabouttftetnortwentyminutes,andnoticedthatduringthattimereceased'sfaceandhandsbegantogrowpaler;Isugtteledtothosewuowereintheroomthat it pightB u•ujxitwexiaumvinwed,;t—bevyc-ont,e_jrnle-wi.m(»>^esx1po0isWurPeoftheInnerecreamy.P**«*°J< f/^ng^tbem^rongttfui . tbemthroughouttaeirsurface•, andica'SfoHy £ " „ „ * £ i* coated »Ub musus,harbor, and receive them with royal besrars.ANOTHER ACCOUNT.PoaTLaxo.Oe.».I$9Q. To day was a flne, bright, Indian summer day. TheTesseis m tbs harbor, all the public buildups, the Ooeer *etary sad the British fleet, were alt fisely decorated with "am, sad business was mostly suspend *lBaron Renfrew fora dance at theAcademyorMu*i-..Thursday evening. A few other names were also added Simon De Vlaserof prominent personages present We nowproposeto MoraBros .Neverro*Co 60 Thos. McMullen enumerate, aa well as memory will serve, some of tho»e C. D. Morgan &Co 60whose presence lent a charm to thebrilliant festival, and Camp, Brunsen &gheuy SS.830.-. examinationwasheldtherollowingday;wefoundthe brain lcfiltreted with b ood,.which explained the cause or death; tbe other organs showed nothing which could ex plain the cause.of death: deceased was a very stout woman; when I came there first I waa told that she com- plained of seeing f osceifcing before her eyes a day or t » o previous, which showed tbat there was congestion or the brain going on; nothtrg tbat deceased could have eaten tbat moroipsfeoulihaveproducedtheappearance.«visible tbewashings ofthe targe Intestine1 eoonvtrmovement,sadriceversa. Tbsproseitindtce-At aeon a great crowd of peop'e, iog«iber wi'.h * !argesamhsrotcarriages,assembled inthestreamarouadthe^wnd Trunk Railway depot to welcome the Prince to this Mrs. Way, Mrs. Cutting, Mrs. Aden, Mrs. Simmons, MrsCommost Pleas-GeneraI Term. Before* Bon Judges Deli. Brady and H; wv.Sorley, «Be , M Jireuxr tt ol—Order of Special Term aitirmed.with$10coats.Harriott M.NewJerseyTrmtportatitm Company.—Order ofSpecialTurnreversed,withtlOcosts,Hilton,J,dis senting.thesurface;tbespinalmarrow alsoexhibitedalayerofrxtravasaitd blood upon the anterior surface ea far cians, are getting warmed up over it, aad all tide* are ex-wlnee, 4o. "P""oss 0/ tbs remains of Mrs. Jane Aagwata Intokmaa M a r y « sty n o r , were of natural slse; too thorax and sbdSssaa ««** t » - M • 1 « 5 t * • '**•»•* necessary tar ekemteal aealyeW; II land Light Guard, Portland Rifle Guard and t b s Port land Rifle Corps, which latter acted a s body guard, and bytheNorwayLightInfantry,UweatonLight Infantry •ad the Auburn Artillery, with several bands of music." • J . " r*P«". asaasry, «mta ohemtoaJ aee'ysis ta uncalled for; tbe articles above mtailoasl are still under lock and seal, and are ready for say atapoaittsa tae Coro- ner may deem advlaeble. / - - r » . « - . v « »Our National kmiktm, "Hail Colom- High, Datyorth, State, Congrem and AUutio sweets, to Mlows:—I am a lawyer byprofession, andliveatNo.40TheprocessionproceededthroughIalia, Middle, Tree,These ladles were superbly attired, many o f t h e cot-tomes being extremely beautiful sad expensive. Butlittle Jewelrywas worn,sad thevarietyor band bou- WestThirtyfourthstreet; Iam thehusbandofdeceased organwere present ta their dueproportion;theuterus called upon to take anynoticeof tbe case TbeJnryly breeze blowing, aad thewater is the harbor was quiterough, so that the boats rowed quite sbwly. As the flo-tilla neared the royal squadron the yards wore massed,sad this, with the strings o f bunting and flags flying fromevery point of the fleet, formed a magnificent spectacle,Sailing of the »quadron and Final which waswitnessed by aa immense concourse of people, although their charter is oramore recent datethan eitherassembled oa Mount Joy, the various piers, aad every ac- of the two corps named, and just before the review they startedtomarchoilthe fieldunder commandofaser-enthusiastically, waved flags aad haadkerchle'., aad la •very way sought to honor their departing guest. The Prince was ta exceUeat humor, bowing sad smiling responsestotheirsalutations.of fifty miles to Join in the reception, all the military beingvolunteercorps. Everythingwentofffinely.The Governor of this State visited the Hero yester- day,aadwasreceivedwithsuitable honors. Thecityit throngedwithCanadian visiters. Theofficersorthe royalsquadronhavemade manyacquaintanceshere,aadThe Prince and suite leave Boston at a quarter before t m Bixby's Hotel the window shade, with the roller attached, present case. Having ascertained wnat was regarded a sdistrict when h e w a s a resident o f Sullivan county, while, s s has been already mentioned, Mr. Van Wyck wastbelastrepresentativefromthisdistrict Inaddi- tion to this, both are capable men and personally popular withtbepeople. Thereforeitisdifficulttomakeanaccu- rate calculation, sa each is conlldent of success At Abe last<ongressionalelection,heldta1868,Mr.VanWyck, tberepublicancandidate,received4,338votes in orangeAtthedepothetookleaveofMr.Wnthropaadotherdistinguishedcitizens. Mr. Kverettbeingtoounwelltobopresent, Mayor Lincoln, Senator Sumner aad Governor evidently enjoyed themselves finely, being tendered tiful accommodations. The c a r bad just been fitted u pQ.Haveyoueverseenherfamily physicianatany time? Ihavenot.Banks, accompanied tbs party to Portland. every possible attention by oar citizens.for tbe accommodation of tberoad, s o d had never been outoftbe.hop, whenwordcamethatthe1'rincebadse- l e c t e d t h e E a s t e r n r e a d s s t h e m e a n s o f h i s c o n v e y a n c eroborated tbe testimony of the last witness In all Its details. Neversaw deoeased previous to theautopsy,Imane tbe autopsy at the request of Dr. Wlllard Parker,whomdeceasedhadconsultedasher physician previous candidate Ootheotherbandthe republicans claim at to her death: 1 was present at tbe second autopsy aad .1Richardson, my niece, two female servants, deceased and myselfoccupied tbe houseonThursdaynight;Isswmy n i e c e g o i n g t o s c h o o l , o a F r i d a y m o r n i n g a f t e r I l e f t t h e house;Imether at thecorner ofThirtyfirststreetand Broadway.Ellen Ryan deposed as follows:—I sm a domestic to the employment of the last witness; I have been in his em- ploy asx months; I weat to deceased's room about seven o'clock to awake ber and did not see her any a m until breakfast time; we had breakfast about eight o'clock; I waited upon the breakfast table; I did not bear deceased complain thatmorning; Ihaveheardhercom- plate on a previous occasion; in tbe fore part of tbe week she complained of a pain in her bead; she was in bed for two or three days, and came do «n on raesdsy o r Wednee day:she.eldherbeadfeltdizzy,andsaidshesaw strange things before ber eyes; she took some, medicine onSunday and Monlay,and fetyhetter afterthat;Idid not hear her rosaflsln after Wednesday; after, the breakfast was over I went dowa stairs; about twenty minutes to nine - o'clock deceased rang tbe beil and I came up to tbe dining room; deceased bed gone upstairs to bar bedroom; I cleared off tbe table aad came up again at ten o'clock; at that hour I entered deceased's beoroom, when I saw her lying beside the bed on ber knees and left shoulder; the side of her bead was on the floor beside the bed; she had her bedWhile the eortege w a s progressing, sailors were ocoupled, under the direction of Commodore Seymour, ingetting the royal party's baggage oa board the shite.Each article of clothing seemed to be done np in separateportmanteaus.Numerouswaretheparcels.Dr.Acklandbadmanyboxesofbooksdadmathematical instruments, staging halfway between University aadHollis Halls, hasbeencarefullyexaminedattberepairshop,andbeau- go for a doctor; I ,found tbe doctor out; Iincluding somepresentedby Senator Seward. Among otherarticles thePrince had several turtles, whichhe hadcapturedoathe prairie,aadaa immense box]con-> tablinglargemoosehorns, fromCanada. LordHmchen- brookehadsingingbirdssadcouriersquirrels.L e t t e r s a n d d e s p a t c h e s w e r e r e c e i v e d b y t h e p a r t y s » nafter reaching Port and, aad the Duke of Newcastle readbispapersashorodeIntheprocession. Theletterswere UpononesidewereemoiazouedthearmsoftheUniver-The royal squadron will steam only long enoughtothan onsayprevious journey of the Prince, aadthe cleartheland, sad the remainder ofthevoyagewdloe to Portland. All tbe seats have been removed,E v e r y v i l l a g e a l o n g t h e r o u t e w a a c r o w d e d , m o r s BOcheers were more enthusiastic. The party took lunch to the oars, sad at table the Prince was unusually lively ani animated, keeping the whole party la a roir wfth his witticisms.The party arrived at Portland at two o'cJoek, and was ,receivedatthedepotbyMayor Howardaadthecommtt- *tea,aadescortedtocarriages. Aprocession wasthenformed, consisting of several oompanlei of soldiers, threeofwhichhadosmoalongdistancefromtheback country to do honor to the Prince. The Portland Rifle Corpsactedasaguardofhonor.Thescenewaswryfine,thestreetsbeingcrowdedwith people, most of whom were ladles, and the display of military being very commendaole for so small a city. The procession passed through nearly all the streets of the city. The day was cold with a northeast wind, sad the,patty found the long ride anything bat agreeable.made under sail The Nile sad Styx will leave the and its interior fitted up in regal style Tbe exterior remains a s before, s a d , i n fast, It requiresam sure tbe body was tbe same as tbe one examined by Dr. Finnell sad myself; Dr. Parker waa t h e only person wbo requested me to make the post mortem examination. he asked me to meet blm at a certain hour tor tbat pur- pose, and I did so; I never had any ecquaintance wtth Mr Blankman, or any member of the family, prcviaus to meeting them oo the morning of tbe autopsy.least one-third of the Amerton vote, which, together with tbe bone of a few new converts to t b e republican side, make tbem feel quite jubilant. At tbe election for State officers ta 1869, however, which may be taken as a pretty good criterion o f toe feelings of the people, Leavenworth, the republican candidate for Secretary of State, received 4.056 votes in Orange county, and Jones, the democratic, v bo was also supported b y t h e Americans, 4,988. Therefore Mr. st. Joba's success might be beyond qossttae bnt fortbetacttbatbeisoathefusion ticketasaBellsad Everettelector,whichwill diminishhissupport some- what among a portion or the democracy. Still tt ta a popularopiniontbatbestandsanequal chance withhissquadron off Halifax.THE ROYAL PARTY IN BOSTON.[From the Boston Advertiser, O c SO.)VISIT OF THE ROYAL PARTY TO HARVARD COLLEGE.His Honor Mayor Green ofCambridge,with aoom- mItteeofthecitygovernmentofthatcity,calledattheRo- vers Bouse at about eleven o'clock, to escort the Prince aad his retiaue to Cambridge. Sooa after twelve the whose par-nothing additional. A beautiful Wilton carpet, of erlmron ground, with green flowers, Is upon tbe floor. Two elegant sofas, covered with velvet plush, run length wise at each end of the car, while in t h e centre, oppo- site to each other, a r e t w o gorgeous mirrors. Easy chairs have also been placed la the car. Two centre tables havebeenfurnished,oaone ofwhich areplaced elegantsilverpitcher.,goblets,gUssware,&c,sadoa the other a beautiful bouquet, fruits, kc The celling of the car Is of blue silk plaited, and studded with silver stars,whichgiveitabeautifulappearance. Theoardra- peries areofCherichest crimion and gold silk damask, whileaboutthewindowsare flne lace curtains through- out. Attbefrontend oftheoarisa retiring room,Dr. Finnell. recalled—I was preseat to make t b e postmortem at tbe request of Mrs Blankman's brother, sadmet Dr. Beads at me bouse without knowing tbat he was tobetbere;MrsBlankman'sbrotheralsoaskedmeifitwasaeocsiary tobave auoroner's inquest upon the remainsof deceased;Ianswered that trdeoeased died by apo-plexytherewaaaoneed ofit;taeappearances ofblueatinredcolorintbefaceandbands,asdlanlbed byDr. opponent,andmanyarestrongtathebelief that In tbe Rei.tg, are usual in cases cf apoplexy. end be will come out triumphant.ty.includingthePrinceandallhissuite,thecityofficersfrom Cambridge, Mr. Everett, Mr.Wtnthrop endset erainvited guests,took barouches farCambridge,underesconofsomemounted polios from thatcity.endaccom-p»nied to tb«bridge by*detachmentofBostonpolice. providedwithadesk,recliningchairandallconveniences. ThePrinceonleavingtheRevereBousewasgreetedwithUses tbey gave a hearty, gratifying welcome, showering smiles and bouquets upon htm in almost equal proportions. Arrived a t t h e gate o f Harvard College a t about o n e o'clock, thePrince fbuud theunder graduates drawnut> in lull force, who cheered h i m s s Cambridge studentsinvitation, and the third for bis attendants Both of thtse cars remain the same as originally furnished, with the green ploah seats and handsome decorations A hand some mail carwill cwtain tbe baggage. Tbe train will be under tbe charge of Conductor B H . Cram. Tbe traindeceased waa frequently In the habit of making her bed; 1 called ber name, end, not receiving any answer, I rang tbe bell for tbe other girl, thinking deceased bad afit;the girl ame up ttalis aa quick as she could and lifted de- ceased ftorn the flior; tae girl said deceased was dead, butIthoughtsheonlyhadafit;theothergirltoldmetoexamination of the body would be necessary to reduce tie thing to a certainty.F S Boyd, sexton and undertaker, deposed that about teno'clockon Fridey morning be wastold thatMrs. Blankman bad a fit; I went to ber house, and on entering herbedroomIfoundherlyingontheflooron her beck, with a pillow under her head; Dr. Reistg was there,Breckinridge will not receive many votes, for although be bed quite a respectable number of friends s t first, meny have joined tbe fusion movement All tbe leaders oftbeFillmorepartyattbelastgetoralcanvass,together wtth meny of the rank and file, have gone over to the de mocratlcside;prominenteraong tbemwssMr.?t.John, tbe candidate forCongress: so that the democrats willwellknowhowtocheer.TheGermaaiaBand,upona willbedrawnbythenewlocomotive"CapeAnn,"which played "God Save the Queen," and the carriages drove at tifully decorated by Mr. Buntin, theforeman or the painttogether withthedomestics and Mrs.Culver, havealargevote,andtheyexpecttocarrythecounty.oncetoGoreHall,whereLordRenfrewwasreceivedbyPresidentFelton. Themeetingwas mostcordialonbothaides. Inthehall were assembled theFellows of theCollege, the Board of Overseers, the College Faculty a n dalewInvited guests. Mutual Introductions took place,andthecuriositiesofthelibrarywereexhibitedandweree i . m i n e d w i t h i n t e r e s t . W h i l e i a ' t b e l i b r a r y , t h e P r i n c ewas presented by President Felton with Quincy's H story curve of the road. A pilot engine, the "City of Lynn," of Harvard College, exquisitely bound in t w o volumes.ichpopsJarsity,andontheotherthecrestandplumeofthePrince. A volume of Volk's Songs was also given to the Prince in btbalf of the College.Passing under a large arch on the bill back of the har-bor, and walking down a long Bight of steps to the dockbuilt for the steamship Great Eastern, after quickly re- were seated in a line and were Introduced in order to t h e and we give iLtm a place with pleasure:—dJs'jtbuted at the wharf before the confusion waa over, asd the baggage was oa board when the Prince arrived.city will be rurg until after tbe departure of the Prince. A SONNET.viewing the tr tops, wblah were drawn up along the Prince. With Mr. Quincy he held an animated conversa-ro THE Qcan. Victorls—could tby mother's eyeHave lingered o'er thy son, Ashe,'neatbonetriumphantarch, Passed through the land or Washington, Well might thy mother's heart rejoice, And in its gladness own. "Thoseheartstbyfathersthrewaway, Revere Victoria's son ''wharf, the Prince said, "I'm very cold—hurry," andmovedtowardstheHero'sbarge.Thestepsleadingtothetion. On being introduced, Mr. Quincy addressed the Prince as follows :—"Iamhonoredbythis introductiontoyour Highness. Sixty sis years ago a similar honor was conferred on m eboat were covered with crimson cloth. Shaking hands withSOT Banks. Gov. Good win, Mayor Lincoln a a d Mayer by a n Introduction to the Duke of Kent—your grandfather.I am gratified and grateful for the opportunity you have Howard,to whom he said,"Iam sorry myvisit here, giventhepeopleot this countrytoevidencetheirinter- has been so brief," be jumped into the barge. The re- est in your nation and respect for jour family. May it prove an omea of lo»g continue.; ptaoe ana friendship be-Tke Tote af Oneida County for President.An extremely interesting episode took place. The four living ex Piesldenta of the Colleee, JosiahQalncy.Sr., Edward Everett. Jared Sparks and Rev. Dr. Walker,The following lines, the heartfelt offering of one who knows how to ititnk and bow to write, are amongthe gems discovered after tbe exciting scenes of Thursday.tweenoarrespectivenations"Previous t o leaving t h e ball t h e royal party affixed theirsignaturestothevisiters'book,severalofthemaf- fixing their collegiate titles.Wales, from Sbakspere, she asserting that his "prophetic eye"musthaveseenblm:—"It is a pretty youth. Not very p r e t t y -But sure he's proud, snd yet his pride becomes him; He'll make a proper man The best tning in htmIs bis complexion.He is not tall, yet for his years he's tall;His leg Is bnt so so, and yet 'tis well.There was5a pretty ripeness in bis lip, AlittleripersndmorerustyredThan that mixed in his cheek;' iwas just tbe difference Betwixt the constant red and mingled damask."ONI SENSIBLE GIRL. TheeditoroftheClevelandHerald,writinghomeabouttbe ball at the Opera House, Cincinnati, relates the fol- lowing inciient —Miss Groesbeok. who wag the belle of tbe evening, wore a white tulle dress, puffed to the waist, low neat'. She worenojewelry. Alittle incident connectedwitu this factmaynotbeoutofplace. Previoustothearrivalof tbe Prince, your correspondent was sitting immediatelyroom: tbe bell was ruag about ten o'clock; I went up Im- mediately, and on < ntering Mrs. Blatkman's room I found deceasi d lying on her a> au and shoulder snd in a kneeling position; she had a pocket handkerchief in her hand and was lying near the foot of tbe bed;. ber face was sideways towards the floor; she appeared to be black or blue in the lace; I raised her up end laid her bead upon a pillow on the floor; I did s o t thtak she waa dead, end sent out for a destor; tbe girl Ellen went out for a doctor, but the .could not find one until she called upon Dr. Relslg; Mr Boyd came In also; the doctor announced that she waa dead, and then w e removed de censed to tbe bed; Mr. Blankman came to the house soon sftei wards; we had some fried fish and liver for breakfast thatmorning;wealsohadtomatoesandpotatoes;thefish was bought that morning and the liver tbe day before.Lilly Bennett, niece of deceased, i n Interesting child about twelve years of sge, deposed as follows:—I live in WestThirty-fourth streetwithmyuncle,MrBlankman; I was with my aunt at Mrs. Gibson's on Thursday night; whilethereIheerdmyauntcomplainofapainInthe bead; e window shade, with the curtain attached, fell, andaround tbe right ventrical, the lungs were intact; no ad-hesions; color heightened and tissue more dense thannaturel, presenting a serous condition; the apices of bothlungs presented obsolete tuberculous deposits; tbe liver,spleen and kidneys were normal, and a portion of eachwas preserved for chemical examination, tbe stomachand Intestlres appeared in a healthy condition, and wereremoved entire for chemical examination by ProfessorDoremus;theusophsgus sndaportionoftbetongueandsome muscular tissue were also removed for a like pur-pose; upon examining tbe bead and face, no Sign of contu-sion , but evidence of a previous examination, were discov-ered; tbe pupil of the eye were dilated: upon turning back tbe scalp, about midway of theposteriorflap, a small spot of ecchmyests was observed, butno spot in relation to It on the exteriorsurface could be discovered; on the oalvarium, however,at the angles of junction or landotdai and segue! sutures(atthebackoftbebead), aspotofeccbymosis, nearlyan inch and a half in diameter, was observed, correspondIngwiththespotuponthescalp;Urnskullitsell,how-ever, was in no wise Injured; upon removing the catvarium a portion cf tbe left hemisphere of tbe brain showed aconsiderable quantity of extravassatel blood, beneath thearachnoid on its parietal surface; upon laying open thespinal canal, a similar condition was found to exist; alarge auantlty ot thick, dark blood was found extrava-satedbeneathtbearachnoidthroughouttheoerviole,and printers made os my that Dr. Bradfordhadment wasfollowed by three cheers for his suite.The students were marshalled as follows —Senior Clou.—Joseph H. Wales, of Boston, chief mar-shal of theday;N.P.HalloweU, Philadelphia; JohnL. Builard, Roxbury.Junior Class.—W. H. Ker, of Natchez, Miss.. Francis I.. Gardner, of Boston; Henry M. Rogers,of Boston.Srhmore.Clots —SC.Davis,ofdt.Louis;E.D.Boit, of Weat Roxbury, J. C. Warren, of Boston; Charles Emerson, of Staten Island, N. Y.Frtthnm Class.—R. Oodman, of Boston; F . W . Crown- insbield, of Boston; W. R.Robeson, of Cambridge; J. A. Dillon,ofSt.Louis;R.J.Mecookey,ofWestchester,Pa.Thecrowdof townspeoplewhobadassembledintheyara pressed quite close upon t h e suite of the Prince, aaThe past week has been one of unusual life among tbe polltlclansyand cliques of this city. Tbe leaders of all of the stray factions of toe once powerful parties beve been moving heaven and earth to carry their ends and secure the endorsement of their candidates by the other tactions. In their blind devotion to their own selfish ends, tbe inte- rests sad rights of the city have been everlotoed, as if tbe only thing to be accomplished wss their osa etactlon to some public office, which half of them have not tbe abilitytofill.lyUK- at them, were black with people, aad the hills be- hind ware literally covered, the nay dresses or the ladies givingthemtheappearanceofbeingcoveredwithautum sal woods. Still behind these, upon t h e summit of the hill, were hundreds of earrteges, Oiled and covered with curlwsobservers.Before embarking the I'rlnoe asked Gov. Banks for of the Now York papers, but, as usual, all wereOne of the captains, anxious of being noticed by the Prince, said, "Will year Royal Highness please step back a tiitlef" aad then saluted blm, the Prime of course re- sponding *During the procession the Prince', carriage supped a moment, aad the whole party were photographed.AtlastthePrincesbarge,whichborebisplumes,oa thefront,startedfortheHero,aadinstantly thegunsof all the ships thundered a salute. This was repeated, the ships' heads playing "God Save the Queen," -'Hail Co tassata," aad "Y ankee Doodle," a s t h e Prince stepped o a the Hero's deck, at half past four o'clockLord Lyons aad ether members of the party remained some time looking at the ship. Tbey then eojiyed tae hospitalitiesofMayorHoward, aadreturnedtoBostonat six o'clock the same evening.The vessels of the Prince's fleet sot sail almost imtmsd -atety. They were accompanied a short utataaoe irons, theharbor by several sailing vessels and the steamer Wis-toa,loadedwithspectatorsfrom Boston,and were salu positionofatableplaced crosswise at thewest end of Dollner,Potter &Co... 60 Tapi»aii&Marburk— 35TheCongressionalfieldstillpresentsawranglingfront, With but slim prospects of an agreement between the se- veral anti republican candidates. Each of the several candidates declare tbat their cbances are the best, and insist that their opponents shall withdraw in their favor. In our recent notice of toe Congressional candidates toeIn Hsrvard Ha Ian cicelltnt lunch had been spread, by the all feeding Smith, to which the whole company now repaired. N o formalities took place, b u t t h e affair w a s very pleasant and social. The Prince sat in the centralMestrs. Howland k Aspinwall —S. & 1. Schlffer. S1C0 Gill, GUlet & Noyes.... SS5 Phelps, Dodge &Co.... 60 Cbas. M Connolly &Co. 60Frideynnrning, the 12th irSt.,aboutteno'clock,Iwascalled to see a lady who lived next door to the Tabernaclechurch, who bad fits; I was then occupied with a patientin my office, so I promised to come a. soon as I eould getthrough with him; in a few minutes afterwards I went tosee deceased; I found ber in tbe front room above theparlor, lying on Use Ibor, on her back, near the lectiy healthy appearance; no •eftaafa^. or - bedfide; she wa* immovable, breathless iiudhasalsobeenadelegate to a Stale convention atSyra- cuse and several county conventions.Tbe Independent General Committee, representing our Jewish population, met in tbe Bowery on Friday evening, and selected a fu'l city and county ticket It appears, however, tbat they have caught the fever of all tbe other parties, split, and present two tickets—at least, sucht e d b y F o r t l T e b t a a s t h e y p a s s e d . B y m o ' c l o c k t h e / t h e h a l l , w i t h M r . F e l t o n o n h i s r i g h t , a n d L o r d L y o n s g a m ' l W . C o m s t o e k 2 5 M. M. F r e e m e n & C o . . . werehalldowauponthehortson,aadatseveoasbercn#ti uponhisleft. AttherightofthePriseswasMr.Quiucy, Wm.Outbout&Bro...60Wltberspoon,Klngsfordany indica-tionofinflammation; tbere wasno•^*e°"'h*^bv the teemst>betheconditionof sflaiis from the advertise-Sr, next whom s a t t h e Duke of Newcastle. Two other J. B Gsger reported them oat of eight. They steered di -ea for tanks were placed, lengthwise in the ball, one at either Cammann &CoKCoJames LenoxLaycraft* O o . . . GB.Lamer HowlaaulfcKrothuigbam 60 E&».WBlunt 26 AdamsiVHawthorn.... 261 dre.psed some buinmg sealing wax upon her stomach to, length presented n««hmi «nns«»rf ^ H - l l a r to tbe following ticket:—George G. Bernard for Judge tf tbeside of the door, both o f which were well filled, both with eatables and- with geutlemen.85 ICO 2 0 20see if any reaction wau d take place, but tiere waa not' lace; ItcoDtaiied Wmeffuid^to njna. nan• w t nSupn-ae Court, Abraham D. Russell for Recorder, John H McCunn lor City Judge, Edward C. Wen for Surrogate, James Lynch lor Register, andSmithFly,Jr., for Supervisor. The other wing, presldeu over byG.Stay, endorsedthe sane ticket,iocitd- tag Mr. Russell, with the exception af Mr.Lynch,FromtheBostonBee,Oct.20] TBILAMMWHODIDSTDANCIWITHTH«PRINTg.Isoureditionsofyesterdaywegaveacompletelistofentirelength,«b«'T ';, distilledWater(thewashings d t nwithoutwhomthebailwouldhavebeanamarkedfailure. Of the married ladles we will begin with—Mrs. Ssaator Hale, Hon. Mrs. Comlns, Hon. Mrs.R're, Mrs. Cat. Heard, Mrs. Andrews. M rs Clara Bates, Mrs. Bebeoek, Mrs Col Sergeant, Mrs. Wilcox, Mrs Dow, I Ion. Mrs. Burlicgame, M r s Georsiaoa Wright, daughter o f Hon. George Buckbam, of Now Tork; Mrs. JamesW. Stone.Dorchester; Mrs.Wolcott,Roxbury;Mrs.Jenkins,TotalPreviously acknowledged...were added' to tbe contents, and reserved, with the ip„uid from tbe stomach and from the small Intestines, IB P ew end carefully cleansed glass bottles, in ease a tnx'cotogical analysis was deemed advisable; deponent further testifies that marks of disease were found in tbe brain erd spiral marrow, a portion Of the hemisphere of tbebrain prtsented a suatum of extraresated blood ootlocs are that tbe contest on the Register question is nar- rowing down between Brennaa aad Lynch, aad tbat Key- aer,- tbe republican candidate, will be tbe third oo tbe list. Each of these tores candidates are exceedingly oo- pular wtth the parties tbat have placed t h e n in nomine tion. lbssquabble that is going on forthisotiioeIsea interestingone,lookatitaswewill. Alreadytoepoliti-Beais, Mrs. Lewis. Mrs. Col French, Mrs. Cot. Lawren-se, Mrs.ColGreene,Mrs.Barry, MrsLeVert,Mobile;Mrs. Robinson,Ctncians*J;Mrs.Fowls.Mrs.Lflugce,Mrs Tufts.MrsMeyers,Mrs HarrisonGrayOtis,Mrs Saltou- stall. Mrs. Pierce, Mrs. Flake, Mrs. Follett, Mr* Cushtng, MrsStedmaa,Dorchester;Mrs Lombard,Newton;Mrs.«**«etens froa BraahaQ BIB. Tae train arrived at the Ciapp, Mrs. Snow, Mrs Kimball, Mrs. Wfleeier, Jtn. gnstod,with119costs,the body pretested when 1saw it.Hi'toasC Finnan,M.D.,of No.132WestHocstondown as the dorsal vertebra; the deponent therefore believesthatthisextravitaetioa ofbloodupontbebrain andspinalmarrow«eathecauseofdeals,andfromthe gereralhealthyrenditionofalltbeother organs oftbe body, on consultation with the chemists present, Prof*ceedingly nervous whenever anything is said thai does notputtbeirchancesdownasbeingtbebest.Superior «.oun-»|>e« iai Terns. Before Hon. Jndga Moocrtef.^JamesRSmith«.BenjaminA Mumford,elat—no- tion(ta&led,withIIcoststoptaiatlfl.sky.ThespecialtrainframBarton,withthePriaoesadsuite •• beard, crossed the city line at forty minutes past one, *h*hwasansoenoadbyaaatleaalsaluteofthirty-Street,thirmadeoathtothefol'owing«tat»me»t_--Drs tawsandFiaaell.beingdulyaworn,«eytawwwy man n-jxtt moncm examination of the.body or • a- . A.Ban%uen,athtrlateresidence,No WJ^^'g-of the Prince, In consequence of their recent visit towhich accompanied the royal barge from thewharf, the that account, The trouble occurred in relation to the before her; she had complained ofthis the day previous, view and made tbe subject of examination.) The dura formation o f t h e Second regiment, s a d o n e o f t h e ruat-r was healthy, but,in lifting this membrane from the latterbeingsurroundedbyboatsfromtheroyalsquad- companies (theIndependent Fuslleers) left theline batstillwasabletoattendtobarhouseholdaffairs;the surfaceoftbebrain,wellmarkedandunmistikeableevi-regimental line w a s formed b y Colonel Oowdln, ac were at Bixby's Hotel, when she cemplainedcording t o t h e regulations, eight companies taking their positions in the order of their commanders' com- missions, sad the flanking companies wore placed accord- ing to the date of their charters—the Boston City Guard on the right and the Leominster Light Infantry on the left. The Fnsileers claimed the position of the former company,oT her illness I said that if she was bled It would do iter good; Mr? 'Richardson said he did not believe In bleeding ssa remedy ta such eases, and there the conversation dropped; we got up from theDeparture of the Royal cessible place of observation. geant, having first stacked their arms. They ware p r e kissed me, aad gave soma directions about marketing; well marked deposit of atheroma discovered in the basi-% Fartj ibrAs the royal party passed the various vessels of the vailed upon to return, but attar the review ttey againstacked their arms, s a d this tin e left the Common. They squadron the Prince was received with repeated cheers, left their efflmru to line s a d marched to their armoryhe reached the Hero,as tea minutes before undercommandofaSergeant. Subsequentlytheir gunsI was going down the steps she called me back, and legein lar artery; on making the section of tbe brain necessary kissed her; I then weat down town to attend to somelaw for tbe exposure of tbe ventricles, ita substance was seea to be healthy and free from congestion; the two lateral" HOMK,HVV'EETH O M K , »»four, the royal standard was run ap to the " main," and another salute fired by all the fleet. The rigging of each vessel waa instantly stripped of the bunting, and the sail- ors disappeared from aloft.At half psat four t h e squadron sailed*, steering out of the harbor, the Hero leading, followed by the Nile, Ari- adne, Fly ing Fish and the Styx, saluting and being saintedbytheFortsstheypssasd.were carried to the State House by Quartermaster Stetson, and delivered to Adjutant General Schooler, under orders of Colonel Cowdin The company will, it is thought.be immediately disbanded.Tbe law provides in case of ten companies in a regiment that t h e oldest commissioned captain shall comn and t b e right, aadtbenext oldest the left battalion companies, sad twooompaniesshall beeesignatedfor right a n d left flank companies, tbe oldest organization on the right a a d thenextoldestcatbeleft. TheFuslleers,therefore,bad tbe right of the battalion line, bnt desired the right of thebusiness,sad wastothe court room talking toMbac quatotaace of mine when Mr. Furlong entered, aad, call big me aside, told me that my wife was dead; I aon't re- member anything mora after that; w e had always lived on toe happiest terms together; when I came home, after receiving the news of my'wlfe's death, I found her lying upon the bod; she was then quitefdead.Q. Do you ever remember of your wife having a fal. ? A. She told me that she had a fall from a horse about two years sgo; also that she foil down stairs at a hotel in Newport,R.I,thedaybeforeherdeath,Ihavebeeninventricles,sswellssthefourthventricle,eachcontained a quantity of coagulated blood; the substance of the sep- tum lucidum was exceedingly soft, bnt the walls of the ventricles were otherwise of about their usual consisten- cy ; the appearances just described word so decided and cbarecteristio aa to leave no doubt in tbe minds of all present that the deoeased died from aa attack of cerebral apoplexy; no lnrtber examination of the body was made, inasmuch ss we had already discovered what, In tbe opinion or nil parties wbo witnessed the autopsy, was the real, undoubted cause of death; when en Individual is found dead, with his throat cut, bis heart ruptured, or withamnsket ballet the base of his brain, it is not generally considered neaessary to search for poison la tbecontentsofthestomachandIntestines,sad,foraTHE RECEPTION OF THE PRINCE A T PORT- LAND HI8 DEPARTURR POR ENGLAND. PORTLAND, Oc . 2 ) , 1880ThePrinceofWalesleftBoston inatpeeial trainathalf past nine o'clock this morataf. Ho wan escorted to Extra wains leave this evening oa all the railroads, to whole lino. This demand was refused.theEasternRailroaddepotbyatroopo'Lancers. The takehomethecrawdswhohaveassembledlathiscity. [FromtheBostonCourier,Oct.20]streets were fairly Jammed with people, who cheered Some of the military companies came from a distance TRKPARATTOK8 POR THK PRINCE'S PKFARTTRB. formed, that while she was looking st the procession in similar reason, no such inquiry was Instituted ta the Mr. 8t. John having been sent to rearetent hiso'clock this morning, for Portland, from the depot of the EasternRailroad. Thespecialtrainplacedathisdisposal consists of three psssecger cars, all entirely new, ot the atteststyleofconstruction,anlareveryhandsune.The ear designed for the special use of the Prince and suite is trulysplendid. Itsdetailswerearrangedundertbedi rectionof Mr.Webb,superintendentofcarrepairs,who has exercised much taste and discrimination In i t s beaufelluponberbead;myniececantestifytothatfact,I believe; deceased did not mention tbe fact to meQ.Whatwasdeceased'sage-A.Mywifealwaystoldmethetruth,andshesaidshewasthirty-fiveyearsold,batberbrotherinformsme that deceasedwasinher thirty-tbe true cause of death, a certificate was rendered In ac- cordancewiththefadsobserved.Attherearend,Inside,istbeplumeofthePrince, with his motto, and beneath, in paanels, the coats of arms of Maine, New Hamshtre and Massachusetts Outside, a semi circular platform h a s been constructed, a n dDr. rands recalled—The appearance of the body* as de On tbe Presidential question the result ta scarcely less scribed by Dr. Relslg, is usual in eases of apoplexy. Toe doubtful, fh I860 this county gave rresnoet 4x74, Bu-tact of sudden death, together with these appearances chanan 3,948, and Fillmore S.1T9 T b e republicans cor-cheers from the assembled throng. Tothis compluneohe returned his acknowledgments by bowing and smilingSimilar demonstrations were made along the whole route.The carriages drove along Broadway to Prospect street, handsomely carpeted, and furnished with crimson velvetana through Prospect and Main streets to Harvard square surroundings, on which the Prince may view tbe coun-Lpon Broadway theschool children ofthecity were tryorpreseat himself atthestations. Thesecondcardrawnup.andasthePrincedroveslowlythroughthe IntbetrainIsforthosewhoaccompanythePrincebyhismade,andallbuttbebolstersandpiBowswerearranged;described by Dr Relslg, would justify tne belief the: rect not only to bold their former ground, but with s e w deetb was caused by apoplexy, although a poet m-nrtem accessions to their ranks to gain a good advantageshop. Mr.H.LGarrett,anexperiencedengineer,will barechargeof theengine,sndwill beaccompaniedby Mr.JohnThompson,themaster machinestoftheroad.behadacallandsaidhewouldcomeassoonashegotthrough;! asked blmtocome assoon us.he could;Dr.rmtlh'swife snd motherinlew cameIn,andsoonDrR*IFig came along: the doctor said be thought she was dead;beexaoatoeuherbeforepronouncingherdead;shewasthenontheflooraswhen tlrstdiscovered;afterde- tbebodywsssowellpreserved.meetingheretomorroweveningsnd ademocraticgeth' ertcgatLaOrangeonMonday,and thenaweekfromto- ' deythedemocratsorthistownwillhave another meet- ing, at which poosJar speakers will hold forth.•vary precaution will betakentorendereverything safeforthepassageofthetrain. Flagmenwillbeplaced a t e v e r y r e a l c r o s s i n g , a t e v e r y b r i d g e a n d a t e v e r yc e a s e d w a s p r o n o u n c e d t o b e d e a d s h e w a s p l a c e d u p o n J M . C a r n o c h a n . M D , t h e n r e a d t h e f o l l o w i n g d e p o s i - ibe bed by Mr. Boyd; then Mr. Boyd went after Mr. tee—J. VI Carnochan, M 0., being duly sworn, deposesO n t f i M CD o o c c hn o o c c t o a C o r r e s p o n d e n c e . , OOCBOCTOH, Oct. 20, 1840.Th> State of Parties in AtUttun a n d (Grange Cvurwte*. Sullivancountywillgivesevenoreight hundredma- jority for St. John, tbe democratic candidate for Congress.His election Is certain, but as tbe contest between him snd Van Wyck will be very close In Orange county, be will not carry tbe district by more than one thousand msjority at tbe farthest. Nearly all of tbe many Americans in ibis county will support the Douglas sad Bell fusion ticket, which will probably receive a majority ofonethousandortwelvehundredinSullivancounty.O a r l tie a Coiwuepomeem.ee.UTICA, Oct. SO, 1890.will precede the train, and keep two miles abead.At Salem, cannon will b e fired from Castln Hill to give noticeoftbeapproachorthetrain,whenthebellsoftheBackmen; this was between ten and eleven o'clock; Mr. Biankman arrived about twelve o'clock; Mr. Blankman appeared,verymuchaswetedattbedeathofhiswire,and could hardly believe, he said, that she was dead; I don't know of deceased ever haviust a fell, or of anything felling upon her head; it was not deceased's custom to make her own bed, but she frequently did It so as to help me along.Q. Bad deceased anything In her hand when you en- tered tbe room- A. Slat bad a pocket handkerchief in her left liand.Q. Did you see any vials or glasses containing medl clnts in the room- A? I did not.Q.Haveyou lounc anythins>pf the kindintheroom since t A. I have not; 1 have had charge of the room since Mrs. Blankman sdeath.MaryGaynor,beingdulysworn,says—Iamacook In the employment of Mr. Blankman; I-have been in hla house a little over a month; deceased was always xerj good and kind to me; I had not seen be i on Friday morn-and says that he resides at No 46 Lafayette place; tbat be Is professor of operative surgery in the New Fork MedicalCollege;tbatbeissurgeontachiefoftheEmi- grant's Hospital, Ward's Island; deponent further says that be waa requested by Coroner Scbtrmer to make a I l i t mortem examination of the remains of Mrs. Jane Aafosts Blankman; that oo Thursday, the 18th of Octo ber, he repaired to the deed house at Bellevue Hospital. and with the assistance of Professor J. O Brooson and Di* Bouton conducted the examination; deponent furtoer my8 thai he found evidences of a previous post mortem examination—the bead, thorax and abdomen having been opened; that tbe spina' marrow, stomach and Intestines hadnotbeenexamined;thattherewasnorigormortes;the body was In a remarkable stote of preservation, form beau- tiful, and finely rounded by a targe deposit >f adipose tis-sue;<clorofskinirelike,presentingarosytintuponthe cheeks; upon examination of the exterior, no signs of con- tusion were discoverable; upon opening the thorax, the heart was found sepa-ated from its envelope, to a normalthey accompanied him to visit Boy1st>n Hall, the chemi- behind MirsGroesbeck and her mother. Tbe latter lady 1 thought it struck deceased on the head; I set at thecal laboritory. T h e stay bore w a s very brief, aad t h e wore elegeant diamond ear drops, rings and pioB, while breakittt table with my aunt on Friday morning; she didPnnee was then taken to see astudent's room—that of the Miss Groesbeok, ss already mentioned, bad not a particle chief marshal, Mr.Joseph H. Wales—at No. 12 Holwor- of jewelry on her person, being noticeable from tbethy Hall. Here h e w a s enabled to gain an insight into almost entire absence of extraneous ornament of any kind.thewayoflife ofhiscontemporarystudentsatthe WhenoneoftheofficersoftheeveningannouncedthatAmerican Cambridge. A s b e passed t h e musicians on she was to bo honored with the Prince's band lor tbenot complain that morning: I got up before the restwere oone in order to prepare for school; someday during tbe week my aurft was very sick.Bid was confined to her,bed for a wholecay, I don't remember what she complained of half the dortal portion of tbe spinal marrow; deponentthough; tbelasttime I mw deceased alivewasafter furthersay8 that onFriday,tbe19th tost., herepaired formerly been a police "sergeant," instead of breakKst, when she was in her room reading the news- to Professor Doremus' toxicologlcal laboratory, aad with or DO)toe "surgeon," ss It should have read We also in- paper; that was the last I saw of her before I went to tbe assistance cf Professor .Doremus, B L Budd, and Dr.his wayto Boiworthy, theyplayed thecollege air of " Fair Harvard "second dance,ofcourse there wasaflutteramongh*r party. Mrs Groesbeck quietly took off her own jewelry and passed them to her favored daughter, but she declinedUniversity Hall w a s next visited, where the Princewas shown the office of the President and Regent. Teen tbem. Her mother Insisted, but Miss Groesbeck. withschool: «hen 1 cams hack from school I found that m y Bouton, and In tbe presence of Coroner Scbtrmer, ex-advertently omitted to state tbat be was s member of the State Assembly in 1867the party went to Dane Hall, where the law students gave the Prince three hearty cheers.The carriages were resumed for a drive to the Obser- vatory,andaaChristchurchwaspassed itsbellschimed forth" God Save the Queen." Returning, the Uwrenee scientific School andtheDivinitySchool were visited, the students at both places extending a students' wel-comeequal determination and great good sense. positivelyre- fused to wear any kind of ornament Other than her simple dress, and tbe wealth of beauty which Nature had beaunt wasdead; on my way to school that morning I met n.y uncle at the corner of Thirty third street and Broad- way .amined the appearance cf tbe stomach and Its contents, and of tbe Intestines and their contents: the stomach was laid open by an incision along ita lesser curvature, fromTbe mends of James Lynch, one of the candidates for Reenter, claim tbat w e did that gentleman injustice in stating that be bad only been known ta polittaai life as a.towtdonher.^_>_the dardiac to the pyloric orifice; it ««lows —I reiiae at No. 42 West Thirty fourth street; on twelve ounces of a grayish colored fluid, satasd wwa with the Mozart organization ever since it organized,aadTestimonialContinued subscriptions for the testimonial to Capt Johnlo Cspt. Wllsom.Wilson, of tbe brig Minnie Schiller, as furnished byslewsemisolid particles,apparently partly «dga*M•" ver; tbe inner suiface of the stomach was covered WHBie viscid mucus; the stomach was wsshed *'U }JJ, ~U ~ water, and tbe washings added to tbe B*,anl •»*saoy_rw- •nnt-arf. ih. mn.M nnhM thiui cleansedpreseevea » yciA. Bells &Soa Tiffany*Co CW.£I.T.Moore&Co. R. L. &A. Stuart Loeschtgk, Wlaendoock&Co.those found in * *^bJ * a o u t fourteen ounces ofTotalgThose desirous ot subscribing to tbe above find willeese send their subscriptions to tbe office of Messrs. owland a Aspinwall, 64 and 66 South streetWilliam,A.Hoddenu.TheXewi'orkSilk ManufarturField, Mrs. Upbam, Mrs Thayer. Mrs. Richardson, Mrs. ipg vcmjiany— Motion to strike out answer as sham lomth sires., on Fatord.y. OatobarlS ISM Tb^fol navel aaaijsls it uncaUed for.W .£W2 0p u l s e l e s s : b » r f * c e w e e b l u e i s h r e d , a n d b e rhandsalso,thepupilsoftbeeyeswereImmovableo d o r , o f t b e p s m e e o s « ^ _ * ~ ; J ~ £ ^ * a ^senseotsmell;tbeoesophagusbeing•JTTlnternalgur ConventionatwbichRcsenbourghwaschairmanendorsed|LoMclwstenInvestigationBaforeThe sxataiwattoa waa made twenty four hours aferdeath;thebodyofteadeceased presented aa exter.emarksofviolence;thesurfacewaspals,aadtberewere £*!££?Jfgf*J""*****Fnrposeofreceivingsuoh no evidences of commencing deeosaaosiVen; tbe pup ismoa:—' «J o h n H . S h e r w o o d ,WB^Shannons, Miss Lawrence, las Fiske, Min Cushing, Wml o d g e - M i s a D o w n s , M i s s J " e i w w e e l n l , , Mb u i s m s H a w e s , M i s s D i t a o a ,Miss Sanderson, Miss Cora Hawses, Miss Woodman, * • •Belle Ihaxter, Miss Richardson, Miss Thomas, neioe ofJudge Thomas; Maw Batter, Man Blake, Miss Mackay,Misses Reynolds, Miss Wsrd, Miss Mason, Misi Hall, Miss The first witness placed open the stead waa the has tbe valves ware healthy, presenting neither thickening, doe?.? S T r ^ r t r t , 1 2 C W S i b y i L ? , T e , * 0 lm * *Holmes, Mas Kimball. Miss Barabam, Maw Horton, MissSmith, Jamaica Plates; Mus Underwood, Misa Foster.Mtssei Thwmg, -Ml.s Harris, Miss Davis, Miss Haven, MissReed, Maw Kate Rogers, Miss Bangs. Misa Cutter, MissWhitney, Miss Martin, Manchester, N. H.; Miss Kings- fortune. The following Is a report of his evidence, to toward its anterior fret mergnt, where there ware found Coroner Schirmer here announoed that toe tntimonybury,Mt»sKellogg,MissJaliaEastman,Manchester,N. H ; Misses Snow.getberwiththatofthewitnesseswhofollowedhim— Edmon BJaakman, being duly sworn, deposed as foltwosmellnodulesofcancerousdeposit;thekidneyswere of nearly equal size, and showed no remarkable appear asoes; they were deeply imbedded to fat, sad on sections wereseentobemoderatelycongested;thecapsulestripped ofi easily, end tbe corticle aad medullary portions orthewasclosed,sadthatitwasforthejurytodstmwtas how and ta what manner tbe deceased came t ) ber death. He had acted in the matter at the instigation of -he Dis- trictAttorney,saditwaanotuntilthemostexaggerated rumors bad appeared ta tbe newspapers that he feltbia:theAnthemofOldEngland, theVictoriaWharves,whichwerebuiltfortheGreat quetsandnaturalflowersusedforheaddressesandcor- ontbemorningofFridey,October12bast,Iaroseat wasnextremovedfromthepelviccavity,anawasfoundEastern, where the royal barge w a s awaiting his R>yal .sge was freely commented on It was noticed that the my usual hoar, seven o'clock, and go did my wife; after we to ho considerably enlarged from the effects of oldwould have no difficulty, b e thought, ta arriving a t a oow- clnsion, aad be wouli therefore leave them in privacy to discuss tbe matter as tnay thought proper.Prince often allowed hla eyea to wander among the young" God Sare the Queen," and the Higboem, and whence b e embarked a t fifteen minutes ladies w h o sm rounded blm. H e evidently h w a taste bsd dressed we weat dona stairs, sad at about n quarterchronic Inflammation, which existed not only laAotbem of Now England,number of quadrilles. [FromtheBostonPost,Oct.SO]TO3AFFECT10N AMOK'S THE MILITARY. Weregret exceedinglytorecord thelottowing:—The FuslleershavebeenparticularlyidentifiedwiththetourVERDICT.We find that tbe said women came to b e r death b yapoplexy, aad would recommend that the portions of t h e saidbody,inthehandsofthechemist fortbepurposeof enalyzatlon,bereturnedtotbecustodyoftbeCoroner, subjecttotheorderofthehusbandofdeeeased.in CAsValCSIIIIW 10U.base of the brum throughout, leaving b n t a small por-tion of tbe surface of tbe organ free from extrava- There is considerable excitement among the leading" Yankeeformed by All the Bands.The Prince's Barge Leaves the "GreatLordLyons,theMayor,theBritish Consul, andothers. As the royal barge left the wharf the British squadron allfiredaroyalsaluteoftwentyoneguns,sadsimilarsa-wasstoppingwithusatthetuns, salattherightofmy wife, and her little niece, a girl about twelve years old, whotaalsostoppingwithus,satattheleft, andIsatat thebondofthetable;weatebreakfast;Shecomplainedoflog membrane pal* sad thickened; the cavity of the oer vlx w ssfilledwith tough viscid mucus; one of the ovaries wastbeseatofcepticdisease,taitaearlystage theother containedtwoGreeiIanvesicles filled withbloodunder- going sbsorption, (Attonperiodofoar investigation, Dr. Ftntell, having completed the removal of the calvaDoodle," Per-the uterus itself, b u t also l a i t s appsadages, causing past three o'clock, themilitary presenting arms. Before for youth and beauty. Among this list of names it would past eight o'clock breakfast ifas ready; my wife took her abnormal edbeslon of both lellopian tubes; tbethe Prince embarked h e shook bands cordially with not be difficult for any Prince to choose partners for say usual seat at the table; Mr. Richardson, a gentleman who cavity of the body of the uterus was empty, sad its ImAfter a deliberation rendered the followingof about fifteen minutes t h s juryluteswerefiredfromthecityandfromFortPreble.Theharborwasfullofsteamers,sailboats,barges,4c., Montreal, andtheoccurrence seems unfortunateon adisxmefsintbehead,andsaidshesawtwoowl'seyes rium,tbecontentsofthecranialcavitywareexposedtobreakfast table about twenty minutes before nine o'clock; sation—this portion being situated at tbe summits politicians or this county concerning tbe approachingI then started to go out, tad u I was In the hall deceased of tbe hemispheres; the vessels at too base of tbe brain were examined, aid a large andelection. The mam of the people, especially in this demo-cratic town of Goshen, also oaks a deep, though a mora si-tent, interest ta the matter. The greatest interest, however,centres upon the Congressional vote ta the Tenth district,*embracing this county, together with that X Sail!van.Thenominating conventions ofboth partiesmetatMid-die town oa separate days ot the present week, sadchose their respective candidates. On Monday the re* v.. guler Democratic Union Convention nominated Daniel B.St. John for Congress, and yesterday t h e republicans p u t forth again Charles H. Van Wyck, t h e lest representative of the district, s s his competitor. The contest bet ween these two gentlemen will b e exceedingly cjoae tots fall. Formerly both were Sullivan county men, and so each makes s a equal claim upon tbat county, while both a r e now residents of Orange, on account of which each seems to have a n equal claim o n this. Both also have repre- sentedtheirconstituents intbeballsofCongrem,QWereyouacquaintedwtthdeceasedr never taw deceased before the sutopsy.Iwasnot;Iseventh year; deceased w a s a very benevolent womanand given to charity where few could observe it; Mr. Dr. Henry B. Sands, of No. 64 East Twelfth street, cor- county. Mr. Ifiven, tbe democratic, 4 023, and Mr Friend,the motherinlaw of Dr. Smith; Dr. Relslg In themeantime tbeprominentmenofeachpartyare then went across the street for Dr. Relslg; proceunced her dead; deoeased was dressed In a loose actively at work. There ts to be a republican mess tAdolphKeisig;M.D,beingdulysworn,deposedasfol-h candidatefortffioe, andstatetbatbehasbeenconnectedmorninggown;theDoctorplaced deceased'onthebed, after wbich I went for Mr..Blankman, after I.gotMr. BlankmanIwentfordeceased'sbrother,Mr.Funk;when 1 saw deceased she sppeared dark and ted about tbe face andneck;1placeddeceasedInice,andthatIsthereasonbe necessary to hold en ii,quest, aul then left for home; Waldron,Robb&Co...2*InibeeveningIwesreqoeetedbyMr.BlankmantocallL^asWt^TaonlSideacribod),exhibitedaper piecingM.T.Brennantahitptaoe.ThisIsonlyoneofJno F.Dustan 50 W. H. FngK10 betigaddedtow » ^ «be large intestines wen tbenumerousevidencesoftbeunusualcontestnowgoing 20 acein: I found deceased lying on tbe bed; toe redness In fccny. natural •PP**TM! - _ •., ^ t h e -«w„e-r.e on for this office, and ts proof of our recent statement, 10 the face lied disappeared entirely; I met Dr Parker ie rectum; ttat tbe contest between Mcz*{t end Temmaoy wasonthere, snd We appointed tbe next day, at half past eieres, ft'^ottefned four tiuid ounces of a fectlunt mate toe Register quest'on. It seems that whenever Lyach's .$1200 to mate a post mortem examination: tbe post mortem ?.i no abnormal condition of the mucus surface friends make a movement those of Bveaasa get ap alowing gentlemen wtrc prsaeal^-Lwa. WUSMU raracr,4.\Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.comJ»remusandBudd,hasconcludedthatacompletechen U t a ef.'b o aiwWf^^CssmeeJhee aad Dr Boutoa; tbe appearance ofw ! ? L L 7 L* * * * P r e s e n c e o f C o r o n e r S c b r m ' r ,the American, 722. The democrats here expect that now nearlyalloftbeAmericanvotewin becast forMr. St. John. ta which event they are confident of electing theirments in our advertising columns yesterday The ft 