 in»a[ho 'toLait *7>I5>f ?o5r idtd put .TorId *r te- >fil ?>r e nitft* j->i13 .n1.»a a-r rofre ida-0- ia m fc- •7 Sk- atWSPgot the ear and confidence of the South in Con- Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) wanted to know his au- timate of Mr. Gocde's exertions in the great debate ofMr. CLARK could not tell where he had seen it. of the South, or the destinies of the Republic. as you made me caHhimvina former letter, gave us, horses, less speed anC? hardiness being needed, an ani-2*residettcy,andwillwatchthechancesa*hereto- Mr.TOOMBSsaidhemighthaveseenitcontra-Soldiers"havebeenimmortalizedbyadecisiveilu»mor^ung,aninteresting',lectureonmeteorology.malofmoresizeiscalled'£*i^*purposeforwhichtherespectingthedestructionofih&"OldFVankUixT fore,tocastthevoteoftheStateforthewinning dicted. Ith»»dbeencontradictedinNew-Englandand chargeinthecrisisofbattle,butrarelyindeedhasa Itwaseese.utiaUyanelementary'one,butonthat ClevelandBay,oramixtuie6i*h*race-horsewithsome House,"and$40,000worthofproperty,orSaturday candidate. New-York;buttbatseemstobe.thepolicyofhisparty. etates»anthefelicityofdeterminingissueofthosecivic account the jnore useful to*the farmers here. arge-sizedstockanswerswell. FoTomnibussesand night:Mr. CLARK denied that he had ever • seen the con-*• trtruggles, on which'is suspendedthe history of govern- Meteorrfogy vi'fls defined as thc-t branch of na- horse railroad cars, a more muscular h£W. able to en- The saddest-incident connected with t&efbje was ther THE MEXICAN TREATY. tradiction. He could not tell where he saw the re- ments and nations. In 1833,Mr. Goode, being warmly inral phflosophy,which treats of the atmosphere dure hardship is preferable; and *he French death of two well-known firemen by the felling of aSenatorPolkhavingreturned,thereisnowama- mark. interestedinthecontroversy,betweentheFederal anditsphenomena. Thesubject wasdivided ''Percheron"iswelladaptedtothisw^rk.0/ wallonMerchants'row.directlyoppoetSeClinton Mr. TOOMBS—You m'ght have seen it in THE Government and South Carolina, declared himself a horses, the usee of which only require a walk, street. This was about 3 o'clock m the morftiag, and jorityontheCommitteeofForeignRelationsfavor- NEW-YORKTRIBUNE,whichisthegeneralreceptacle candidateforCongress,asthechampionofState intothreeparts—PirattAerialpheno;me"na,compre- and when heavyburdensaretoT>edrawn3,.a wascausedbytheburningawayofwoodlewposts,ofallfalsehood. Mr.CLARKwasverygladtohaveacontradiction•weexs, with the fullest discretion to accept what- doitrine of Free Territory for sixty years, yet it is chosen a Representative in Congresp. After serving atmosphere diminishes from the equator toward the for these purpoees.in this country.- E. Ihmton, Foreman of Washington Hose Co. No. 1, ;mh**: oeen done ? In 1852 the Deu~«>cr»ta resolved it the opposite direction. Mr. Goodo moved to discharge las candidate for Vice-President. The House, as now ers or runrers; second, trotters; third, walkers. The1854***** ^ t y " the Committee from further consideration of the fcttb- constituted, will fait to elect, and on the 4th of March, lordly Arab steed of the desert is the type of the for- oommencedsgitation.In1856thesame>STtyresolved ject,andcarriedhisjpointinaspeechof remark- 1861,theVice-Preeidentwill becomePresidentby merclass,asalsoistheso-calledthoroughbredracer;was rapidly gaining about their half naked \ odies, and half drowned in the ship before they sank iir the deep, while the diemal winds bowled over them a 'melAn^-tintbe ofSct of the Secretary of the Territory, which at theJiazaid of bis.health. Adjourned. 'shims there were at that time 70,926 souls in Kansas.It leave* more than 100 towns unreturned, and fifwenconutifsnotreturned. Mr.Robinsoneaysthatthereare now llO.COOinhabit-nti in Knasa*. RHey is one CoTfitmuee on the Senate's, bill to abolish the frankiog Supervisor by 83 majority.countv of which not a w«>rd is said. Atchison County privilege: Messrs. VaUandighani, Kellogg (III.), Bur- Barker—Vhe Republican Supervisor, Daniel Lowell,is not"returned, and Atchison City alone has 5,0*0 in- nett, Adams (Ky ), and Stokes.habitants. He-says that the official returns Jor Dele- Mr. LOVEJOY (Rep., Iii.) H*V.PA leave to introduce is leclected by 100 majority.gatewhenreceivedwillshowthatKansashasover apreambleatdresolutionrecitingtherightsaulnrivi Vesful—Th"eRepublicanslavereelectedtheirSu-ICO00©inbftbitsnt?. , le^esofcitizensofthe several Siatesi.under tho Con- pervhor.a gale of wind in the menu time blowing, and the sea the manner in which he is said to have treated hisrunning high. Every effort was made'to save'thev wife, subsequent to the alleged discovery to per guilt. .shiphytheofficersandcrow;thepoorcoolies,bat- Hedegradedher,and,inpickinghernameoutofthe1HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.THoSPEAKERannouncedthefollowingSelect theentireRepublicantichit. Mr.RansomiBelectedandis-MOliardyastowithstandculdandstorms' The loiig-wooled Leicester or Cots void is equal-%NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TBESDAY, FEBRUARY 21, i860-fegg**;; * *m t «i>y —7".-it;have exposed Wood's machinations, and evidently from Georgia may, in his own words, call the roll of coneequences of the abolition of Slavery u i Virgu?*a hisslavesonBunkerHill. twenty-fiveyears.afro,wemayapproximateIs J08*°8'$ .- • '^ . ^ ^ Washington WASHINGTON,Monday,F*J>.So,1860.Conetitn ion. And so* thev agitate year a f W year» the vail of oblivion. But the effect of that interestingLATEST NEWS,'..fit^•.-•,»••. -•« ..•.* -:RBCEXYBD B Ydudng the reeolution, bu$ Jo r^R attention to the agitation, and then the reaction set in .with a t'on of a Republican. Thus they will throw the eloc* found in plain countries, and good and fertile districts. J and all in the dark night, which their miserable quar- medemhlstr.*^0ftrfaV0Ty agttati<««u Since>185Qvwhat violence proportionate to the previous rush in •tionintotheHouse. TheSenatewillelecttheDoug- Horsesmaybedividedintothreeclasses—first,gallop- tersmadestilldarker, half drowned la;water, whichJProifor the last five years is very muoh due to the care andUmid. Theydidnotr^JSlaveryshouldgointotu"** escentandinconsequential. ForthefirBttime,citizens efficiencywithwhichithasbeencanvdsted bythe ofMexicoandsomeSouthAmericancountrieshave thrownopenbytheviolenceofthesurges,(thesemis-propitiate as a means of obtaining admission to theiclddistinctlyhyleadingmenmbothHousesthat tion? Theresolutionsavstheyhavetherighttogotheir pretensions could not be recognized, althoughstrength to secure the victory. Organize first, then canvass,andcanvassthoroughly.of our country; and so all sections haye «erivea their ahall give up its dead," and witnesses shall come upshould be kept out of Congress, but inand reeolvc that they wfll not. In 1B20Slavery ^a sepisode in the history of Virginia was not so evan-do the people get the power to override the Constitu- into a Territory with their slaves and be protected.da8lft ol y,TM>m^f ft!rhorsestockfrommev/xu»ionu.For long distances, with a heavy weight on therevealingallthevillainiesandhorrorsofth&English• against Mr. Douglas. Messrs. Ludlow, Wright, It will claim protection in the old States, under the reason and right. When w e con***,,*I«ate ,t l i e ,, Butts,andotherdelegatesoftheregularDemxsracy, Conttitution,andthetimemaycomewhentheSenator evitablealternativeofthisresult,anuconsiderthe FromOurOwnReporter.Virginia for the Presidency, are regarded as con- limes to tremble, but which, skillfully removed or se-clusiveagainsthim,andas securingthedelegation curedinitsplace,the.wholemaystandsecurely. Let oftheCourtispending." — '-•riseoftenasmuchas4°. Itshouldbeplaoedonapost in the* yard. I t has bjeen proved that in o u r country the temperature a t 9 a . m. will be just 1° less than the average of the whole jday. If our thermometer marks 50°at;thathour,'wemayknow that thedaywi'l average just 51°. The coldest hour of the day is 7 ». m. and the warmeBt 2 p. m .Mr. Lewis F . Allenj returned after a week's absence, looking a s well and portly as over, and this afternoon gave us a lecture o n mutton sheep. H e commenced with an allusion to jthe universal use of mutton in England, and its superior quality. It was of a neculiarrfax Mr. Hunter beyond a contingency.not, then, the image be broken; let it rise into its ?lace; let it surmount the dome of this Capitol; let it ear the shield and sword; let the freeman look to itwith gratitude and mingled shame and admiration; the bondman with hope and faith ;• and let it symbolize tbat higher state of civilization and eqaal self govern-•Washington Hose Co.No.1,and held the officesof party collected on the deck on Tuesday moiming,"ba- cierk,.a*ai3tant foreman, and foreman.' He was elected-fore the shores of their own loved country had' forever to the latter position September 1,1853,. and held it disappeared from their eyes, aud rushing upon the until the time of hia death. He also, has left a wife-fTo Ui» Associated Pxe*».• W i n II IWASHINGTON, Monday, Feb. 20, I860. The Republican Congressional Executive Committeeand three ohildren to grieve for his loss.• nretto-nigbt,ardorganized bvelecting Sena*orKing, ment,whenallnation*andallraces,eachinitspropar night. Chairman; .Representative Covode, Treasurer, a n d place, but all free, shall form one mighty, well-adjusteiMfarme disasters.NORFOLK, Monday, Feb. 20, 1860.guard, a Bingle individual, a fight ensued,.in which theguard was killed. I n the mean time, the captain, John-son, hearing the noise, hurried upon deck with his re-volver, and his brother and an Englishm«n interested inthe kidnapping with bim, both also armed with revolv-ers, w ho discharged half-a- dozen rounds into the coolies,whowerethusdriventack,anddefeatedintheirat- afloat,andthechargesmadeagainstMrs.Burchbyher tempt to recover their liberty. H o w many were husband, says:George Harrington, Secretary.'The Democratic National Executive Committee aresending out a large number of political documents,temple, whose crowning glory 3hall be " equal and exact justice to all men.A message was received from the President of theTHE BURCHSCANDAL CASEwhiletheCentralExecutiveCommitteeoftheConsti- UnitedStates,transmittingamemorialfromtheciti- isashoreatFalseCape. Assistancehasbeensentto ly"strengtheningnatare,andforthisreasonchosenastutional X'nion party have commenced the Presidential zens cf Nebraska and the western e^ope of t i e Rocky htr. .. N a diet for prize-fighters, acrobats, and like gentry.canvass by an extensive* distribution of copies of an Mountains. Refeired to the Committee on Claim?,in The hark Conrad, snd a large ship are ashore at The Merino sheep he deemed essentially a wool-Mr. LOVE.TOY demarded a vote on the parage of the resolution.Objection* were made.Mr. HOUSTON (Adm. Dem., Ala ) moved for a call of the House.Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O ), from the Committee on Wajs and Means, reported bill.; for the support of the of the Senate documents from the person with whom Indian Department; for fulfilling treaty stipulations theconSaSwasmadeTOtiltheCommitteecon:dex- withcertainIndiansinOregonandWashingtonTer-obtairved provisionhadbeenmadeforthopoorcooliesincaseof bymenaceorconspiracy/whileit*butseldom thatntits'upon application for bounty land.^ « , *1TCH (Dem., Ind.) reported a resolution fromthe lower classes in England. This hreed is not marked with black a s is the Southdown, their, faces, legs, aud wool all being white'/" Mr. Allen says that if he had a rocky New-England farm he would breed noth- ingbutSouthdowns,andthatthushewould make twice as much money as from! cattle breeding. The Southdown is ab tractable and gentle as not to re- quire high fences about the pastures. The dog ques- tion w a s argued with much feeling b y the lecturer, and his earnest advice to ehoot every strange cur found on a sheep farm, elicited much applause. The fact ofboats*left the ship, and steered away, without making makes no positive charge of a recent act of immo- one effort to save the 850 coolias,. or allowing them to- rality such as Mrs. Burch and M r . Stuart are said to.do anvthing to save themselves, with their hist look have been recent.lv gnilty of, but goes back to 1857 fortoward the ship, they saw thai the coolies had escaped til direct charge. This of itself would be sufficientfromtheirprisonthroughdoorswhichtheconcussion "roundfordenyingthedissolutionprayed,for,butwe.had made for them, and i food clustering together, help- suppose in the petition the lawyers have-neeiieireful leas and despairing, upon the decks^aud gazing upon enough not to tell what they can or hope to provest h f Committee on Printing for withholding the binding25.Sw^hlrthe contract with the Sec^ryof the ^natewasmadempureuanceoflaw. The resolutionli<rMrTRi[CE (Dem., Min.) introduced a resolution that t^CoSdSei;rrpWOnices.and Pos|jRoads^momre iotothe «xped«ncyof a revision of the Postal law.P Tj£nt lesolufion was received from the H o w g protaJatlMt$10,000fortheinauguraUonofthestatueritories, and for the construction, preservation, and repair of certain fortifications. Referred to the Com- mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union.Mr. PRYOR (Dem., Va..) announced the deathof Wm. O. Goode, Representative elect from the IVth Congressional District of Virginia. H e died on Sun- day morning, July 3L 1859, nearly 61 years of age. Mr. Pij or spoke of the early life of the deceased,theabysswhichwasopeningitsjawstoreceivethenx. My friend assures mo that ho know3 these poor crea- tures were completely imprisoned all the nighfc these terrible occurrences were going on, the hatches bemgXhecaseistocomeonin the Februarytermofthe Circuit Court, in the form of a n application 'by Isaao H Burch for divorce from his wile Mary W., and itagainst the now exploded policy of protective duties, ^ S S S ^ o f M r . HAMMOKD (Dem., S. CO it was and the commercial restriction which is obsoleteafter fourteen dava of toll and struggle,.«*•* Y*;6boats only succeeded in reaching' Towron ^ V ^ J TChina: the three other boats were r*v<«^heard or.HeretheFrenchfleetwasly.»g; andthe^taural at Mrs. Burch with having oonmitted the sin laidat once invited the Captrin anih^s boat's.crew on^ board her dcox—order to be printed.A message was received from the House announcingthe death of "Wm. O. Goode of "Virginia.Mr. HUNTER (Dem., Va.) oifeied the usual resolu-making animal, its meat being coarse, dry, and ill-flavored. This peculiarity is due to the fact that thesubstance of the animal goes toward making its finefleece.. In fact, as a mutton maker, he deem8 the ment, as they well knew, which was only a foretasteaddress to the people of the United States."The bill reported from the Committee on Way3 arid Means to-dav, for the construction, preservation, and repair of fortifications and other works of defense, ap-propriates for the Fort at Hog Island, Maine, $15,000;and for Fort Knox, in the same State, $20,000; FortRichmond: Staten Inland, $15,000; Fort Tompkias, Goooe. H e was a roan of great energy and faithful-$50,000; Fort Montgomery at the outlet of Lake ness to hi? State and country. Consistent and true to of which $60,000 is insured—mofit.ly in English Com-CIampJuin, $20,000; Fort'Delaware, $50,000; Port his 3er,se cf duty, his public and private career were janies. In consequence of the calamity business is at They are the South down, and the long-wooled familyto wear new aspects, and now is a matter involved-in. darkness and doubt.Then came the stunning reply from Mr. Stxprt, that yfor months he had not visited the house of Mr. Burch, and certainly w a s not .there upon the cay in question. Then there arise in the community statements to thetions of respect, a n d moved that the . Senate adjourn.Fire at Brantford, C. W . .BRAKTFORU, C. W., Monday, Feb: 20,1860.Merinoc little superior to our gaunt, scrawny, long- legged "native"' sheep. I n this country w e have had introduced two breeds of sheep which are, par. ex- cellence, the great mutton makers above all others.of what awaited them. Nor do the officers of tho ship or the Englishman on board, who was trading in stolenHe gave a s-ketch of the life and character of Mr.human flesh, inform the wcrld of the course they took effect that Mr. Corning, unwilling to believe his- niece" toward these miserable, deceived, and helpless men, guilty, is determined to protect her rights, and has sent when they were overpowered and defeated in their on agents to investigate, as far aa possible, the truth of-Carroll, Baltimore, '$40,000; improvements at Fort such as any one .might envy. H e walked through a complete stand g'ill.Of Leicester, Cotswolds, Lincolns, Jiomney-Marsh, most justifiable attempt to assert their libertv. But a the . aspersions on the lady's character. This} agent o r ax)d Teeswaters, thetej beiDg severally their local names friend informs me that they were driven befow deck, 8gerts, and w e are aware that they have been- in England, but all) blending, after crosses and re- and eonfined there like felons, almost without light •here, are satisfied that the whole is a plot by a jeal-crosses, into one great great division of '' long-wools,"hisyearscipubb'clifewithoutataintorsuspiciou„and like'tie trne Christian, went peacefully to rest. .Monroe, $11 500; Fort Calhoun, $75,000; preservationofthesi'eofFort Maetn,N.C,$10,000;repairofFort Moultrie, $8,500; Fort Chore?., $30,000; FortTaylor, $70,000; Fori; Jefferson. $75,000; Fort M-.-Kee, in the eloquent ptaterue'rt of the Senator from Virginia.$10,000; at Foit Point, $50,».W; and at Aleatry, Cali- He had sought the acquaintance of the deceased, be-, Broozte County, which has ten Republican Snpeivisors fornia, $25 000; contingent expenses of fortifications, cause h e had come from the district where his (Clay's)preservation' of sites and repairs, & c , $30,000. Total, mother was horn and her kindred lived, and he re- $$05,000. spccled him from the first interview. H o was a trneto five Democrat?, as follows:J3ingJtamt0n—Joe\ Poller, by a majority of 47, a giinof 850 human beings, all full grown men, pressed into placed the cause of Mis. Burch in the hands of M r. ters, b y plaster models brought for the purpose. A thic contracted, rayless, airless dungeon, in-which they Beckwith, an eminent lawver of this city, who-will be nintton sheep is a t i!ta highest state [of development were to be deported from China to Havana, all the assisted by Mr. Merrick.. These facts are to be takenThe published repot Is in the Richmond pres« of the *•!itution: Whereas, it _ is alleged hy responsible parties conelu-ioa ofthe proceedings of the recent Demo-, thatcitizensofsomeoftheSpates^oingintootherStatescrj»:,ic State Convention held there say that the substi- on but-bess, each as the collection of d«bts, teaching,tute r* solution declaring it inexpedient to express a aid ether 'ike lawful business, have betfn personallyprefereTce for any Presidential candidate was defeated, treated with indignity ard violence, and driven fromtimbers and planking floated up on her port side, aud is said to have given him, has net worked in his favor. after some more heavy thumps s h e remained appa- It is now boldly asserted that the-confession w a s e x - rently immovable. Tho -water rapidly inoreased in the- torted from her after confinement, and others aver after hold till it reached the " between-decks," where the a pistol had been presented at her .breast. The docu- 850 coolies were confined. While thni was going on, ment was sworn to before Mr. Burch's partner,who iaaod toe papere of tbat citv construe this as equivalent their property for certain sentiments they may have to a decoration in favor* of the Hon. Henry A. Wise held. ar»u without allegation of crime; and whereas,white-wooled, b u t h a s a dark browri face, and.legsvarying in color in diperent cases froni a slate color toa sootv rblack. A well grown ram should weigh from150 to"2.)0 lbs., and the ewes range from 120 to 180 lba..I wish that*a couple of hundred farmers on the poorhilly soils of New-England could go to Holly's Chop indeed almost immediately afcer the ship firat struck. a notary public, and the grave charge of conspiracy i* House, Or Sampson's! in London, and eat a juicy South- tho officers and crew very natnrally became afraid .now leveled against them both.fi r the Presidency, as the original resolution to U*si < fleet w*s pending •when the Convention adjourned.XXXVITH CONGRESS. FIEST SESSION.SENA TE.... WASHINGTON, Feb. 20, 1800. The bill for the "relief of the widow of Capt. Deara-Ml ofCalifornia was taken opand passed.Mr. FUGH (Dem., Ohio) made several adverse re-—13 o r 14—will increate the R-publican majority. —There is u North in Maryland. A largo publicdown mutton-chop; for in that case I think these poor of the coolies for the treatment they had re-^ • Bo this part of it as it may, Mrs. Burch now denies lands would be put t'o sheep-raising sooner than any ceived, and the Captain ordered the boats to the suhsts»nce of her own confession, eayuigtnax itbe loweied, net to save the coolies in whole or iu part, was extorted from her. Whether she « « J I TM » TM [Mr.-CLAY (Dem. Ala.) expressed entire concurrenceas contradistinguished from t h e " middle"-wooled'' —We add to cjur record of* town elections that of South- o^wrj. M r. Allen iiiustra'ed Iho physical de- velopment of the Merino, Southdowns, and Leices-ber in so narrow a spnee, the greater part must inevi- ous husband to put away 'his lawful wijfe. This tably have perished in the Jong middle passage. Think her noble/protector is determined to resist, and he hasLisle—Republican S«pt rviecr. Chenango—Henry Hall,Republican, reelected.Pot Crane—H. V. Watte, Republican, reelected. CohsviUc—-Mr. Edgerton, Republican Supervisor, Conklin, Kirkwood, Sandford, Windeor, and Union,elect Democratic Supervisors.Nineteen towns in Sttub*n Cousty give 10 Republi-an alleged practice, similar to the European paesport cais, 7 Dernociate, 2"A"u)erican". The remaining towns&\ stem is,springing up, therefore,yearsof whileonrcommonruntswouldneeddouble the"time tomaleanequalweight,andwouldcost a third more tjo make it. The Southdown ia breakers running alongside very high. Pieces of her from the rear of the home which her marriage dowermorallaw.Fromtha.surer and more soHd gro^f? *<> t ^ * sciencebeingclearandhisk^ment <^>* l 'j2TM.secondeSbythemostdecidedexpressionsofhostility The doctnre Is alarming. Next, Slavery will claim nounced the expedients of a p ^ 1 0 ^ ^ ^ exv*,nua£0^ THE YALE AGRICULTURAL LECTURES. back, at a galloping pace, the true Arab is the bestnrotec ion in the States against the will of the people. 813 and planted himself on- the iu^wgnaMe b^ .^1model. For short distances, at headlong sp<?ed, andwith light weights to cany, the English racor, or"thorough-bred,"isrequired. Oftrotters,forquick TWOFIBEMENKILLEDANDSEVERALIN-NEW-HAVEN, Feb. 20, I860. driving in light vehicles, the roadster best meets uheThis, the'fourth andlast,week ofthecourse,ig requirements;thebest American horses ofthisde- JURED—NABROW ESCAPES,O-JC..OMtraary.BUFFALO, Monday, Feb. 20,1860.Lieut. Calviu Frederick Thomas of the United States Navy, died of consumption, in this city, on Saturday-advantage in the effort of recovering their liberty. AThe sclooner Arizona, from Boston for Baltimore,The Chicago Review, after shmming up -the rumor* killed and wounded, it is for the interests of the kid- Before another, week had transpired the cajse-beganIii1•'i, if• i 'I!'Car non's Marphcs. J ames River.The echoocer Exchange, f; om Baltinxie for Charles-ton, has arrived here leaking badly. —, +r appers not to tell, and the dead also tell no tales. Nor can they tell the cruel treatment they received before they were driven to this desperate ast—treat-The total loss bv the fire here on Saturday is $85,000,»••••• V" minimn•ii— " • POLITICAL.and a^r, and where, crowded together so large a num-•~»—Sn < dcoolie-traffic.'4K£f t J Sffltfi mmnammazm5MAGNETICTELEGRAPH. againthatthereshouldbeno more Slaver** agi^on able power. Afterward, by'common consent,the default,andMr.Douglaswillgointoretirement." thetxim-builtMorganoftheeecord;andtheheavyCon- choly funeral dirge even before the fasoraL Atm Congress,hut in 1857they brought in the Lv"^comPton extravagances of a popular pario were covered with —The Republican ascendency in the State of Maine estopa and Clydesdale of the third. The horse is not length, the shiputteriy deserted of officers and erew,a native of America, but has been introduced at va- and the doors of the horribleprison of t ie coolies, rious points from various sources. . The wild horses whioh the humanity of the offioers would not open,Territories,butthatitwas governed hyclimateand ofaelaveholding communityweredriven,bytheap- gecgrapln; butnowSlaverygeesius??teofelioi^te Ventinsecurityofthesvstem,toexploreitsfounda--Southernmemberswhoteinfluencetheythoughtto wheredotheypetit? ItisclaimedthatCongresshas ery,instead«.^^a-_T •*apracticableremedv,isan thatState,aswellasthestrengthofouropponents, New-Jersey. TheEnglishaniScotchofCanadaWest oratolen. Theretheystood,gazing,shrieklog,help-and everything else. It has grown bolder, and* ae*1"* |j0 '%and with a result lor which very few personsState andTown Cc-nu&iitees. In this respeot we thinkthesystemadoptedhaseurpsseedthatofalmostheavy draughthoree of their fatherland. The French was none; hope there was none; every boaJ had been -Fein&ndoWoodandhitbogusdelegatestotoappropflatealltheterritory.IntheKansasbillthe —AretS"ared.Incontraventionoftraditionalideas,anyotherStateintheUnion.InnootherwaycouldEettleisofCanadabroughtanotherbreed—theances-taken:everyofficerandseamanhadmtnagedto C h a r l e s t o n h a v e m a d e DO i m p r e s s i o n w h a t e v e r u p o n d o c t r i n e w a s a d v o c a t e d t h a t t h e q u e s t i o n o f S l a v e r y b e > * * ? \ \ e r e < * a n ^ d e m o n s t r a t e d t h a t n e g r o S l a v - s o l a r g e a v o t e , i n p r o p o r t i o n t o t h e p o p u l a t i o n , h a v e t o r s o f t h e C a n a d i a n h o r s e o f t o - d a y . T h e m o d e r n s a v e h i m s e l f , a n d a b a n d o n e d t o c e r t a i n i e a t h t h e l«n to the people. If the people have the power, ltwasuii.C; \t~ :ng»n accidental evil which was tol- been brought out. It has shown us our strength in Norman, or Percheron horse, has been introduced into eight hundred and fifty innocent men they ha 1decoyedTHE HARJDSHBLL MOVEMENT.the power, and it also is claimsd that the Constitution S t ^ S S v i r t u : ^ ^ e most essential. Charleston Convention. In fact, they have been baa power to protect Slaveiy. . If this be true, wherehave brought over their Clydesdales and other draught lees, till the ship broke and the surge rolled o ver thorn, and that it w a s only necessary to pxit forth that ItvJrows. Tlerace-horse has found ahome in manyparts aod their voices were hushed forever. B u t "theeea.^specially dtv^ted to the aubject of etock-breeding, but scription J^iug probably superior to any in the worlds— . Tie Bosioil Herald has th© Mottrfag particulars, i a gress. Theyprofesstobenon-committalonthethority. 1832.whetherastheyaffect thepeculiarinte>'*st8 ProcessorB;SilltmaC,-jr.,notvenerablebyanymeans, cerlainivaupejuT?*°theEnglish. Forcitycoach- additiontowhatweptfblishedbytelegraph;rest«rday>abletoreportingtheMexican-Treaty,butasthe 'prospect of ratification 4s discouraging, no mover"Rights. Buthewent down before the irresistible hendingwin^s,hurricanes,and waterspoutsi\Second: conformation more adapted to strength and ie€9Aqueousphenomena,itxludinaf fogf,1.cloudfl',"'rains, whichsupportedthewholeofthefloorsonMertbgnts'itmight of Andrew Jackpon's popularity. He remained : of speed is necessary. For heavy draughts some of row.; At that time there was in the fifth stcry Capt. trom the Senator. When the Constitution was formed, in private life until 1838, when he was again returned dew, snow, and haili Third? LumaiM>usandeleet/l63l I ' he English and Scottish breeds are best. For farming Wm. -Green, one of the'Aseietant Engineers, and wov went w31 probably be made until the arnval of Vrrginia did not recognize the doctrine that Slavery a member of the Virginia Legislature. During the phenomeha, as lightning, aurora bureaus, and ram- work, where horses are wholly used, and for drays, Harper, of Washington Hose Co. No. 1. In the story Senor•Oeampeywho is expected in about three ennobled bothraces. Shedidnotrecognizethedoc- seseionhedistingu'shedhimselfbyazealousadvocacy bowr; each of which subjects waeexplainedaod carts,-see.,ofcities,theSuffolkandClydesdalebreeds hxmediaJelybeneaththemwereCapt.Charl*s.Carter^ trineofSquatterSovereignty. Congressrepeatedthe of theIndependentTreasurysystem. In1841hewas illustrated. The-average annual temperatureofthe* wouldbepreferabletothehorsesnowgenerallyused rakemanofHookandLadderCo.No,1,Capi£Charles-•eyer modifications maypromiseitssuccess,andto smooth thewaybythemore-persuasivearguments whichcarriedtheGadsden TreatythroughthenowclaimedthattheConstitutioncarriesSlaveryinto asingletermhedeclinedareelection,andwent bacK poles. Buttheatmosphereisnotthesameforplaces Ingeneral',and eepeciallyforracers,roadstersandT ;andFrankB.Leacb,CreorgeH.I>eiao>and Win.H. theTerritoriesandprotectsit. Ontheacquisitionof intotheStateLegislature. Forseveralseasionshe inthesamelatitudeinthetwohemispheres,thevaria- draught-horses,itiswettertokeepthevarietiesdistinct, Prescott,membersofthesamecompany.Southernterritories,Slaverywasadmittedbyspe- cialjxoviso,onthesuppositionthattheConstitu- tion would exclude it. Otherwise, exceptpresidedoyertheHouseofDolegates. In1850he wasanactiveaninfluentialmemberoftheConven- tion which devised the existing Constitution of Vir-tionbeingduetoavarietyoflocaleausea;suchaathe elevationandformoftheland,proximityto"large bodies of water, the general direction of winds, &c.breedingeach-inreferencetoaStandardorideal. If Capt.Greenshoutedte1thoseInthefourthstory,experimentsincrossingdifferentbreedsaremade,they that'thefireinthefifthstorywas'ragingand!Jipreading should be conducted with' caution, and in such a man-Senate against an imposing opposition. At that in a few cases, there was no proviso; but ginia. In1853hewaschosonamember ofthisbody, Thetemperature oftheairdiminishes as wegouna nerasnotto hazardalotsof'the valuable properties fastf,andheaskedif theyhad anyttringthaihecouldtime the Republicans had only a fractional repre- nobody' claimed that the Constitution protected and was reelected successfully in 1855,1857, and 1859. mountain-side. As a general rule it maybe stated that already possessed by an established^faeed.it. H e warned the Northern Democracy Of bis services here the reports of the proceedings andsentation, Now, they have three votes more than not to make the doctrine of" protection of the thermometer fallsl° Fahrenheit for every 343 feetuse t» arrest the fiames. Capt. Cartersadcf ho had hla fire-ra!te, and passed it up. At that time- a 3 in the fourth story were standing close'together, and! not an-accessary to defeat any treaty. Slavery an issue, or put it in their plattorm. If ther debates furnish all requisite information. Mr. Pryor of elevation. The limit of perpetual snow is very NOW THE BRITISH CONDUCT THE ticipating danger.the fran;ers of It made no provision for the carrying of tionedbytheCommitteeofthelastCongress,were SlaverytootherStates. Sincethissessioncommenced these walls have rung with disunion. Senators were not authorized or contemplated by the resolution trying to excel each other. The South is said to be forThe coolie-trade has lost none of its activity or hor-! men was imarediately set at work to-dear *.way thechanges introduced by Captain Megis, though sanc-rors. Theslave-tradeitselfonthecoastsofAfrieais debris,andtherbodiesweresoonrecovered^butmangfoddirecting the experiment, and cost nearly $80,000. Alargeexpensemustbeincurredinreplacingthe desks, as thefloorsand heating apparatus were con- structed to prevent a return to the old system. HOUSE PRINTER.* The election of Printer is still involved in doubt.A fewofthe Southern Americans, whowent into:the borga n to elect Mr. Glossbrenner, with a shareof the spoils fortheir friends, are dissatisfied withthe arrangement, and will perhaps adopt some thirdcandidate. This course m a y prolong the contest, Representatives, a female figure of white marble. H e ror ultimately give it-a new direction.-GOVERNMENT APPROPRIATIONS—THE TARIFF.eye. is elevated, and her attitude unconstrained and easy. In one hand she holds a shield, and in the other asword.Uponthepedestalisinscribedtheirrepressi-- _ *The Committee onWays and Means reported the ble conflict word " Freedom,'.' and itisdesignedfor thetop of the dome of the Capitol. But if the Senator isright, it should not be placed there; it should be broken, wi*lcompleteothersbythebeginningofnextweek, andanimageshouldbemadeofblackmarble,orThe Sunday-night train for New-York met with de- tention in Southboro' from snow, and a n engine was considerablydamagedbybeingthrownfromthetrack. Thepassengerswouldgothroughbythismorning's train from Boston.Fortification and Indian appropriations to-day,-andtkus dealing that calendar preparatory to generallegislation. Immediately afterward, t h e tariff billwiil b e taken up, with the intention of bringing for-ward a moderate and well-considered bill, foundeduponthebestpracticalinformation,andhavingstabilityandproper discrimination forleadingebony. Upon its hands should be manacles; upon itsfront, the brand of a slave; and it should be eleva*edupon the highest point of the nation's Legisla-tive Halls; yea, over the very sittings of theSupreme Court, as an index to all who "behold, thatthe " cap-stone," the " crowning alory" of the mightyfabricofhumanrightsandself-government,isthvapoor,miEerablevictimofwrong,cruelty,andoppres-sion, the African slave. Has it come to this, then, already decided by the Sew-York Court Judge ourfatherscounseled,andtoiled,andfoughtforthetocollectontheoutsideofthecup,observethether- mometer. It w;D, of course, have fallen, and the dif- ference between the former-mid present temperatures will show the dew point, or the number or degrees which it would be necessary to cool the air to cause the deposit of dew. Speak:ng of the thermometers w e bnyattheshops,Prof.Sillimansaidtheyweregener- allyveryunreliable.HAgoodthermometerisone which contains good!mercury, which has a perfectly uniform bore throughout the tube, and which is well made.Wemaytestthjemthus:Togettheboilingpoint, ofcourse weputthe(bulbinto"Boilingwater, andsee ifthemercuryrifesto'212°. T6getthefreezingpoint, put it into a mixture of ice and water*, and see if it standsat32°. Andtogetthezeropoint,mixiceand ealt, and pack them about the bulb. Before coming toafriendhasfurnishedmesomeparticularsinaddition ondetory,wheretheylandeduninjured,yetsuxroundsdl"ideas. ThefriendsofProtectiondonotiskanyexcessive measures, b u t a tariff which will afford inestimable, inalienable rights of man, and that theReadwastheonlyonewillingtohearthe case,and hedenouncedthesystemofbindingachildoftender years withoutprovisoinreferencetoanyartoroccu- pation.h?ghest,moetvaluableofthemall,thatwithoutwhichthe others would n o t b e worth preserving, must per- THE RICHMOND EXPLOSION. ish, is the right to hold a negro in slavery '! But, Mr. TheexplosionintheDemocraticConventionat President^thisisnotso.TheSenatorisnotright.Slavery is not the key-3tone of this arch. It JRicbmend,andfailureofWise'sfriendstocarrywouldnotfallifitwereremoved. Itmaytheirresolutionsdeclaringhewasthepreferenceof bettertecomparedtoanunsteady,rollingcobble- stone admitted into the arch, which causes it some-revenue a n d encourage suffering industry.should, the history and end of the party would be as then spoke of the fatal malady under which the de- various in different latitudes. Thus it is atCOO-LIETRADE.Suddenly there was a loud craarr, and'. Lea*n* lookedf up and saw that the floor overhead- had' given vway, and that the'wall was faHing a t the same tics e; O n e beam struck Captain Carter, and the other Captain Hunton, anef'they went down'with the walls, and?wereTHE HOUSE SEATS. short and rapid as that of Chaldea—" In that night ceased labored, and the intrepidity with which he con- "The Select Committee on Seats, in the House, was Belshazzar, King of th e Chaldeans, slain." H e fronted death; paid a tribute to the many endearingPlacet.Latitude, deg. m.• • * • • * • • • * •vJL *i\J 3 « !•*••••••••34 36 S- ••••••••••£>u.«H> Om...51 SIN. 82 05N. 2235N.Temperature, deg.m.47 23 62 06 7396 .•50 72 tf4 58 7844."wHl recommendthe restoration of deaks as indis- denied tbat there was any power urder the Constitu- tion to take Slavery into the Territories. Slaves wereypensabletothenecessitiesofmembers. The heldbyStatelaw."WhentheConstitutionwasformedand admirable traits of his personal character, and clofed by submitting the usual resolutions of respect forhismomory.Meesrs.. MILES (Bern., S. C.) and VALLA.N- DIGHAM (Dem , Ohio) eulogized the deceased.Theusualresolutionsofrespectwereadopted. Adjourned. 'From Boston.BOSTON,MondayFeb.20,1860." Adif-patchfromHyannis,reportsthatanunknown brig came aehore last" night on Muskeget rocks, with aEIGHT HUNDKED ANI> FIFTY MEN SACRIFICED.Slavery and Disunion, and so threaten secession if Slavery is rot protected.Vera Cruz, 278; Grenada, 126; Cape Francois, 120; : Calcutta, 81; Borne, 39; London, 25; Hanover, N.H., 38;New-YorkState,36;Ohio,42; Missouri,38.265.an African shiver, and at the same time that "middle " passage" embraces the China Sea, the Indian Ocean, andtheAtlantic,insteadoftheAtlanticonly. Thegreatcentersofthetja|f2c areAmoy,a port aboutthe disaster.The same timbers'which struci Captains Cirtei a n * Huntonalsoinflicted'a-slightwound'uponLeache'ty bead, butinsteudroffalling withthewaftheWent down with the floor tb the second story and'was almost'Mr."Clarkconcludedasfollows:Virginia \Mr. Hunter).said in his speech a fewdays since:Mr.President,ifthisbeso,wearecommittinga great mistake. There now stands in the old Hall ofpartofitsownw<-igltofwateryvapor; at86°Fah forcedintothesebarracoons,audthusdetained,unablerenheit, the 40th part sf its own weight of watery va- to communicate with their friends, or the authorities,,por; at113°Fahrenhtit,the20thpartofitsownweight whileothersareseizedwhileasleepintheir junks by thathemusthaveturnedoverand over iuvthe airat of watery vapor. night, or quietly occupied in their fields or gardens, or least six times before he struck the ground. He landed1Hygrometers are instruments b y which the humidity other humble avocations, and'with hands and feet tied, os his face, and was surrounded by bricks aud-timbers,.. oftheatmosphereisdetermined.Asimpleonecanbe arehurriedofftothebarracoons,wheretheyaTeim-yet,astonishingasitmayseem*theonlyinjuryber hadbytakingapolished silverortin cup, intowhich prisonedtilltheshipisready,towhich they are car- euetained was a bruised noee. Hisescape wasa: we are to place a tolerable thermometer. We observe ried by night, or stealthily by day, notwithstanding all miraculous one.the temperature of the air; then put some ice-water their entreaties and protestations, and despite all their Capt. Wm. Green and George El Harper, who wera intothecup,andassoonasthebeadsofniwaturebegin feebleresistance. Acaserecentlyoccurred.ofwhich inthefifthstory,wentdownwiththefloortothesec-TheSenatorfromItisapopularsuperstitiontbatthereismoremoist- ure in the air on a fo^gy day than on a scorching hotcrew are supposed to have perished. A fife-boat start- visible vapor; but if v re could suddenly lower the tem- ed from Tuckcrnuck to-day, to render aid, but has not perature of the air to 1 certain point, all this moistureaud others to secure coolies by promises, however false,amount of damage he sustained.Wm. H. Prescott also landed in the second storyaud'yet returned. " Gov.Bankshasorderedasaluteofonehundredandtwenty-c'ghtguosto be fired onthe22dof February inthiscity,mhonorofWaehington'sbirth. The banks, insurance offices, a n d custom-house, will b e closed, and business for the most pari suspended.A general etiike of operatives in several of the lead- ing shoe manufacturing towns of the State is also arrangedforthe22diust.,unlessthe"boss"manufac- turers previously agree to the new ecale of prices.if they can,.or by violence, if that is necessary. Fairwould be condeneed into thick fog. A body of air can promises are made in abundance, tempting to these was covered with broken-timbers and slatei y e t he*•.Tfee Case of JLittle Ella ISurns.by timbers and broken pieces of slate.Among those in the street who narrowly escaped-be-PHILADELPHIA Monday, Feb. 20,1860. The Supreme Court has disposed of the Ella Burns case,themajorityof-theJudgesrefusingtohearthe testimony,or8nypartofthecase,becauseithadbeening buried beneath the wall, were1 Chief Engineer Bird and Sergeant Noyes of the First Station, ^ey- bad- just time to beat a hasty retreat and-to warn others o fForgeryCase.BANGOR, Monday, Feb. 20, 1860.pero-ifor by J17 rm>jori'y. •Maine—This'staunch"Republican ..town h^s elected all good points, thrives even under some neglsot.' Jitiolvta, That a Committee of five be appointed to inquirei/.to the aWe-recited fact*, *<.»1 whetlier any further le^inla'.iouii nec«»J'»'y to give eHect to the xaid provhtiou of the Constitu- incetirg, for the purpose 'of SuBlaining H . Winter The C<.t&wo!d yeaijling lamb shears six to ten inches tion, arc that the Coa-mittce be empowered to Heed for persons*&udp*p«*r*. „and hisinfluence in the LegislativeCouncilsof resolutionwaspassedcondemningauchOrganizations bis own State. In 1829 he pretentcd the argumentin emphatic terms.Theshipwas300milesfromlaadwhen16struck,ana whichwilldoubtlessappearinthesuit,andtheinter-|;,i3'• 4If<niiiTranscript;Mr. HAMLIN (Rep., Me.) thought the sum pi abilly that it w»s formally adopted as the act of President, but insists that he cannot bo elected, be-—The Peoriatakenup. . . . .•iat smong all men conversant wnh the principlesof admits that M ^ Donglos may bo nominated forMr. PUGH moved to strike out ten and insert two political economy, in.a report of such mcontestible$10 000 small enough. It was the intention oltne the Assembly. The same year he was chosen a cause— ,. .Mr. Allen's lecture concluded with a brief notice of-Committee to entertain the troops while here, rt tneyMr.PUGHwithdrewhisamendment.Mr. HALE {Rep., N.H.) asked for the Yeas andmember of the Conventi yn called to modify the State " The South have no faith in Douglas. Cojstitntionof1776.In1832hewasagainreturned ueedbimasameanstocarryouttheirpurposes,and totheGeneralassembly.Duringthesessionofthat beunderstandsthem*andtheyknowit. Hebroke vear occurred the memorable debate on the abolition lcose from their thraldom to save his reelection, and. of Slavery in Virginia. From theimpulseofanin- th»y know that if occasion requires he will breaK considerate excitement, various schemes of^emauc- loese again. A'though at the present moment heThe resolution was passed. ; ^The resolution from the House for a Joint Commit- nation were propoeed to the Legislature aid were fawns upon them, they know heisnot to be trusted.theWest. AtCincinnati there wore packedin1858, maydecide. £Voristhisasolitarycase;hundredscould state,committedaaidofleDse. ; , ,.tee onjoint rules of the two Houses was agreed to. Sustained bv the foremost men in the State. Mr. Therefore he is not to be elected President. / ^ r e w Mr.BROWN'S<Dem.,Miss.) resolution relativeto Sode, on the contrary, was not at al affected oneoftwoway»bywhichtheywilldisposeof Doug-She fourth resolution. H e called attention to the rising a l ^ e the stormy atmosphere of oopufcr clamor wi 1 allow him to be noroinuted, takingxare to get a speech of Mr. Breckenridge, who said it is the aim of S o the serene regions of « » I " ^ J 3 S S ° £ ^ o n Southern Fire-eatei on Jle ticket for Vice-President. everygoodcitizentokeeptheSlaveryquesionoutor not alone,certainlywith incomparable spirit heop Then e.oughSouthernStateswilldrawofftoprevent Congress,whereitonly^didharm. NoSouthernSen- po*eohimselftothecurrentorfpubbcopinion.The thesuccessofthet'eket,hoi>iog,nevertheless,thatitator or Representative aVempted to legislate upon it. enteiprife was hazardous; the victorv * g ^ £ g £ willcairy enough Northern States to prevent the elea-be adduced c,( equal horror and barbarity, if not ending in the sam^ catastrophe. Think of it for a moment, and a momen*, is as much as human nature can well endure.Your orator, upon his belief, states that the. said Mary W., between the 14th dav of October, 18S£ and the 17th of January, 1860, committed the said. vfrVp*With regard to the chi'dren the bill states; . 1And your orator further shows, that during hia inter-* marriage with the said MaryW., she ha*ha,d tvo^ul- dren of your orator, both of whom are now ttVXOg, vk: Mary W. Burch, who is of the age of tenyefra and ten months, and Harriet Qor*in§ Boroh- aged. O.R*.Davis for his vote on the Speakership, was held a few f-venings finer, at Frottburg ! Other place3 were prc- pa.ring to follow itBexample.length of wool,and after that six to nino inches. Their— The Philadelphia North American, af>er pointing out the success which htxn attended the People's party iu that State, "ispauftd to witness a renewal of-'the discreditable tfToits to control these nominations by means of secret organizations, and it is suspected and believed that this has already gone to an extent seri- oislydelrhrentaltotheharmonyoftheparty.'These clubs are nativistic in their character, oath-bound and exclusive, precisely like t h e Kuow-Notbing concern which the people, settled so effectually, proscribing everybody except their own members, and restrictingwool is made into blankets and such-like coarse goods.When fattened very much the fat lies on the outside of disaster. The boats passed safely through the break- such confessions ure useful as evidence.(Illinois)reluctantlyStripping the bill of its legal verbiage, it ohargeaTerritorialgovernmentwastakenup. bythefrenzyofthemoment. Thenhedisplayedthe las. Iftheythinktheyaresufficientlystrong,theyMr. CLARK (Rep., N. H.) taad he should speak on hihett and the rarest quality of the statesman, in will throw him overboard at Charleston. U not, they Mr. Sanford' Howard, of Tho Boston Cultivator, buir^in sensibilities and sympathies like ourselves, de-He read the extract, not to blame the Senator mtro-sUntitled Documentwas a momentary p-iuee m the swell of Anti Slaverythe kUls of Shetland, The heavy hows wUXatwayu be, J 8bip was striking upon the rocks aud going to pleceB,They have• - •SEVENTEENTH DAY.DISASTROUSFIRE INBOSTON.sprungfromtheanimalsbroughtonbytheSpaniards. erable beingsrushupon deck,andstandmcompact TheGermansettlersofPennsylvania introducedthe crowdsgazinguponthefearfulscene. Buti>«lpthereFalkland IBIOB Buenos Ayre».••••••RioJaneiro. - London...... . Savannah... ' Calcntta.....The greatest annnhl depth of rain occurs at San not more atrocious; while all the horrors of the and bruised in the most shocking manner. Tfc ey w mLuis, Maranham, 280 inches; the next in order are " middle passage" belong to a eoolie ship as well as to carefully covered up, and removed from the scene of" If I am right, Mr. President, we aee here a mass of vast andamoci»ted interests, which mutually contribute to the support of signal of distress flying and the ere w seen clinging to the day in July; while th s truth is quite the reverse.. I n Portugese town, 25 miles distant, on the Canton Biver, covered with the debris. H e w a s removed1 from' himeach other, constituting, if I may use the simile, a mighty arch, which, hy the concentrated strength and by the mutual support of its parts, is able to sustain such a social superstructure as, perhaps, is unparalleled in the history of man. And is it not obviou», too, that the veiy keystone^of this aroh consists in the b!*cV toarble cap of African 8lavery ? Knock that out, and the mighty fabric, with all that it upholds, topples and tumbles to its Ml."maets. No assistance could be rendered on account of hot weather, avast quantity of water is evaporated where barracoons are erected, and dealers have theur position in a senseless- conditio^ yet escaped serious* • the ice. This mornin/r the masts were gone, and the from the earth's surfaiej and exists in the air as an in- residence, who make their arrangements with pirates injury, a cut on his head and one on Ins leg being'the*FromtheChina-Corretpondtnt ofTheJournalofCommerce. Iburiedupamidbrickandtimbers. Alargegarflgrof2C0 miles north of Hone Kong, and Macao, the oldabsorb,at32°Fahrerheit,the160thpartofitsown poorstarvingpeople,butpromisesmadeonlytobe tooescapedinjurywiththeexceltionofag-ashonhiih weight of watery vaior; a t 59° Fahrenheit, the 80th broken^ b y w"hich great numbers are decoyed, and then head.BenjaminKimball,memberofthePenobscotbar,thelectureheboughtfourthermometers^andshowedfifty,andthecoolieseighthundredandfifty.Leav-derCompanyNo.1,whichhejoinedm.-Mar;h,1856,. wasto-dayconvictedofforgingadeposition,bywhich usthattheyseveraflyImarked64°,62°,65°,and66°.irgMacaoOct.8(Saturday),thedeceivedaudstolen andhasbeenanactivemembereversince.he obtained a divorco frrm his wife. A motion in the A thermometer should never be hung against the wall arrest of judgment and bill of exceptions to the ruling of a house, for the radiated heat makes the mercurycoolies soon learned their cruel destiny, and as-all in- He was about 39 years of age, and" has left a wife- jured and betrayed men would do, resolved to attempt and three children to mourn bis loss. toavertit,howeverdesperatethechances. Theybad- Capt.CharlesE.Duntonwasadmitted-amemberof no armB, and therefore had to struggle with- every dis- the Department in 1851. He had always served with.to those given in a paper here, by an individual con-cerned in the traffic, and on board the ship at the timeof the disaster. I t is a tale of horror never exceededby anything in the records of the ocean. The FloraTemple, as I am ashamed to confess, was an Americanvessel,butcharteredbyEnglishresidentshere,who thedangerwhenthewallplungedintothestreet., arefullyresponsibleforallwhichfollowed. Thetwofiremenwhowerekilled'werje-mnchlThe Flora Temple was as fine a merchant-shipa& esteemed by their associates and friends. Cant. Chas. ever entered the sea of China, as is asserted by com- Carter W3s enrolled a member of Engine Company petentjudges.LyingoffMacao,allarrangements No.13onthe1stofMarch,1840.Heretirjed'froW were made tosecure a full cargo-of cooliesbythe theDepartmentfor about twoyeare-,and wasread«- means I have mentioned. They were cheated, in- mitted in 1846. H e was foremamof Engine Company veigled,orstolen,andeithertakendirectlytothesnip- Now6fromSept.9,1851,to1853. Hewasalso,atone- ereleeconfinedinthebarracoonsin-Macaotilltheship- time,foremanofEngineCompanyNo.13; Atthe- was ready to sail for Havana.—the crew numbering time of his death he w as rakeman of Hook and Lad-vfherv, after removing its head and ]e#s, the remaining lcngwav over the China Sea, .the Iniian Ocean, sand in connection with" the rumor that when Mb B . fol-carcass will make a] solid block ot meat, called in the"Atlantic? ' " J lowed his disgraced wife to Albany to settle-tue terms Ncrniicehc—C. C*cV. reelected Supervisor. and his belly is. dispropcrtienattly large, j The the China Sea, at 7£ o'clock in the-evening, th* vessel pected, i'•'.JT-rianplc—-John E" Wentz-, Repnblican, elected Su- Southdown, on the! othtr hand, is possessed of- struck upon a reef which is not laid down iuthe charts, The cause of the banker has not beenimproved byJodge Amy of Kaneas has received from the Hon* gentleman who held to the right. Mr. Goode aspired of 27 over the Republican majority of last year, whenJ. W ,RobuMKm, Secrctarv of State under the Wyun.- to noble ends, and scornedall base means. He was Job Cct.gdon (Rep.) VPOSelected over the same candi- geon?etry a parall.elipipedon. 'Ihe meriuo has not of separation betwixt himself and her, his reception dot Constriction, the .census taken last Spring, as filed always at"his post and faithful to his constituents even date,.R."H. McKuere. " . enough "breadth of hind quarter, nor spv'ng of rib, Qn the following Friday, Oct. 14, while sailing over by Mr. Corning was very different from what he ex-tened down beneath the decks, being allowed no linen'and erasing it from the plate, he erased it from, must be comfortably housed in chsnee to aid in saving the ship or themselves. Al- that property which he declared some years ago, in alv well built, butW'n'er to do vrel). The Southdown matures a t t wothough the yards were /" braced, around," and theship"hoveaback,"phestruckfirstslightly,andthen tohim. This,withhisrefusalto.allowherto3eeher soonaftersevelaltimesvrith a tremendouscrash,the childrenbeforeleaving,forcingherto make her exitamount, of writing or talking will bring it about:but to preserve-himself and crew. These boats, even it, is another question; and, under the State statute* under favorable circumstances, were not more than it cannot be used as evidence against Her inii o di- sufficient for the officers and crew, showing that no vorco -suit, if she can provo that it was.«sMns are those commonly used for doormats, and theirthe lean meat, but the Southdown mutton is nicely ers, leaving the ship almost without motion, all her We now Rive the readers of Review a copy of the "marbled." . The Cotswold and other-long wooled masts standing, her back broken and the sea making a bill, as filed in tho office of the Ck>rk .of the Circuit families furnish the mutton for colliers aud othersof clear breach over her starboard quarter.. When the Court. The strangest part of this document is that itwill be a matter of interest, in all respects, the Union "their membership to the important politicians only." the matter is, that either dog-breeding or "sheep-breed- " battened down," and made as secure as a jail-door over. The wealth and standing of the parties, Messrs.At a recently held convention of the People's party aingmuetceaseinthiscountry,andasjtheGermansau- ,underlock'andbars. * ...... \ •»'.Corning,Birch,andStuart,the eminent legalabilitysagedoesnotBcemdestinedtobecomeBOpopularasit is abroad, I think we should keep the Southdown in preference. Dean Swift's remark: that "every poor man keeps a dog, and every d—d poor man two," isas peculiarlyapplicabletoourruraldistrictsasit wasto his own country.one of his ships, a n i besides, f t request, sent one of his At divers places, and that, especially, the said Mary theleadingbreeds of ewine,buthedidnotentejinto, vesselstothefatalscene,oftie disaster,where some WM orior abouttie14thdayof October,1857.intheof the wreck was to b* seer.; but not a strhgh ceoiie! City of Chicago, with one David Stuart, and that the particulateofbreeding,ashesupposedthemfamiliar Everyoneofthe^AiKundr^dandfiftyliadper- saidMaryW.had,atvariousothertimesthereafter ioaJmotteveryono.FromthelastnumberofTheished!Whothor^aeoclietrafficisanybetterthan duringthesaidyear1857,andsincethirttime,but Agriculturist he read some statistics of the hog trade of the Africanslawtrade iia its palmiest days, every one upon what days in particular your orator is unabl«*oan enormous aggregate. Thehogejropofthewhole Eight hundred andfifty human being*, haviogpa-copntryheestimatedasworth$30^000,000. rents,wives,children,brothersandsisters,andallthe gave a lecture on horses, at 3 oMock. He referred to coded, deceived, or stolen, forced on board a ship, shotthe great diversity iof appearance between the heavy •'•ownlike flogs when they attempted to escape from theFlemish orEnglishdray-horse, whidh willweigha floatingprison,fasteneddownbetweendeckswhilethe tun.sBndthelittlemitesofponieathatscamperover p — , „year and eight mouths,">• vGeo. H . Dclno was leaning against the wall when* it fell, and he went into the street with it. jHe says*defense to a tax suit, all of it belonged to- her and notest of the case itself, all combine to make it one of the moet rexuaikable cases ever tried in a Chicago Oourt.I IMMMMIwww.fultonhistory.com•arifaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 