 6t <(f<SfSNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY^ NOVEMBER 7, I860.-1 . /].**-**+*M,i,*t,.•igntv . ft»»wyu.g'f Tail*/) Ot riot-iuiervfr,m u r«f The N. T. Trfbxm*.VIRGINIA CITY , Utah, Sept. 30,1860.New discoveries will probably be the re-How wise it would be in the Emperor of the Frenchto discourage the replacing of the diseased grape vinesCJ^SOJVIML-LZK'Having been fox sometime silent, I again resumetbe pea foe the purpose of informing you of mat-te?* in Utah. Since my last, many changes havetaken place »* the business aspect of the couatry, Abraham Lincoln. aad trade, which at that time, owing to the Indianadmit that the opinion of the majority ox Ji .•, <]££ does sanction toe claim. But it must be rem«m -2?2that a decision^ of this poiat was not 2 5 ^ 7 ^ 'adjudication of the case, and thnt vberefore tb«> I & 2 5thuapronounced utnotentitled,tofull ambS£*K?as a precedent for the determination 0f f « w < £ ?^ " A ? . ? * * }l!?¥$**ie& alHo that t*d if . ; £ ^ S Sand most Iet»rned Judges on the bm£di*Z£%i?%** from the judgment of the majority, .andfa t h l j l w S Sareiustained bythe^euirVrc^lSnVwT^ **! ^lightened lawyers in tbe couatry 7 ° ' Vm©*But I must insist tbat on a question of &S& ^ ^judgment of neither courts or lawers is to b t *tothecommon undjarstandingofthe peopl^***Vrrw*man can read the Constitution—ever/ n3u7\ B y * r ?the debatres oft tbe fram-ers- o«f* •t*h*e'r&^jr^iTV*t:iKr*^"K. ffl? him,"' sgelf,andIconfesss^Idoan<ptseehowanyaaa c^SKa half stories in hight, and 30 by 40 feet in size. I t is being weH finished, and will be furnished in a style- corresponding with the wealth of its owners.And itwould seem that Isaiahhad witnessed scenes some In a former communication,1.1 described Piquette, or what simitar to those described, when he said:-j—"But the ordinary wine (so-called) of the country, as being '' they also have erred through wine, and through strongpat)idtbm tfHhe country. responsible for ihe slavery which the common wnsti* trition upholde, and the common legislature ;s required What I -said then had the good fortune.to zdeet the to guard? Doea not every on© see that sliv^-y, thusican and Ophir Companies have each erected large steam qtiartz-mills jast outside of town, which in a few weeks will bein full operation. They have been erected for the purpose of crushing the ore taken from the mines of the respective companies. The Spanish'or Mexican- company intend smelting their • r e also a t their mill. These mills, when once inoperation, will greatly augment the business of our aty. Improvements such as these show the confi-"up of wine, they are out of the way .through [strong "drink; they erf in vision, they stumble in judgment". " For all tables are full of yomit.and iilthineaa, so that "there.i8 no place clean."If such facte and opinions as the abovej from men election. The public mind lies been deeply excited by impossible to convince a majority of the A --nericanlwho could have no motive to mislead, will not'satisfy the intelligent mind of the fallacy of introducing cheap and weak wines into any country as a temper- ance measure, I do not.know what will. . .-* I *Y'oure, very truly. .• EDWARD C. DELAWAJST. jrinciples of our government. Thus far, however, the Tbe instinctive sagacity of the people ifceiches them excitement has been, on the whole, reasonable .and that the settlement they deeire i8 not to be fo ind in thiaOrder here, also one at Gold Hill, and one at Silver mented lienors." , . -Bronesais, found the stomachs of most of the adults he entered our harbor on the 16th ult., in his Imperial tist or theorist, but as an American citizen to wliom potatoes, and a sound digestion. Everybody, f think diseected in a state of disense, and that he came to the stf am-yacht Aigle, hia large squa'dron waging for him the peace, the safety, the interest of no State or the could approve that platform. There is no'h'ing whicbt conclusion at last, that that disease was occasioned by outeipe. The excuse was thatthey"had come into Republic is a matter of indifference. grapples with any existing question or diffijtri'ry. They' iaffected by the excitement whicb pervades the °f tbe grape vine altogether,, except for food and other ment, which was packed full of the most degraded hu-Ex-Gov. Chase made a Republican speech last night •H Now this certainly Is a novel theory. I. i« ^»e**Jy stagnant, ht* again revived, and is in realitylivelier and carried on upon a surer basis than it was•arty hi the season. Our town, which at that time.wasbroughttoastand-still,hasforthepa<t7sixweeks been building up faster, and in a mannermorepermanent,than at anytimeinits history. columnsofTHE'TRIBUNE. Mr.EdwardC.Dela- Canvas bouses are last being superseded by sub-.a circular to all the mayors of his department, in which he declared "the resorting to wine houseB is " deplorable in every respect, for there the Govern- "mentisvillified,thishealth^tbpaired,andtheresources " of the family foolishly e<manuered, to the detriment " of morality and religion." I rI asked him it ho remembered the circumstance. applauded—rone were openly disapproyed. A numberatantaal buildings of stone, or brick, or wood. Bstreet the Broadway of Virginia, is built up closely•n either tide for the distance of nearly half a mile,aad presents in all things quite a metropolitan ap- ter to the Rev. Dr. Nott, full of pertinent facts, pearance. Pearlman, the pioneer merchant, hasfor, if found drunk in th' e st'reet's,.t'he poli•c-e "^ta"ke' t h e m in charge. J1 C readfCity. Socially, we owe its improvement to the set-tlement among us of men of family, who havebrought with them their wives and children. Noth-ing does more toward establishing society on ahighly civilized basis than the presence and influ- the subject: " I beg leave to state my opinion upon the ence of virtuous women. Considering the fact of proportion of crimes which in this country may be ours being a mining community, and but newly built traced, for their origin, either to the immoderate use of un, it has a larger proportion of ladies and children wine, or to the too great frequenting of public houses.the rise of healing liquors. No wonder, too, that Dr. bieakfaet, the eea being quite rough; but the true mo- Sewall,'Of Washington, in his dissections, found thewas due Eder for rent from an Irishman named Telemathus, whether they drank wine, Adoam an- I>evme. Eder threatened taking compulscjy posses- swered : " They care so little for drinking it, that theyHaving a letter of introduction to one of the most of course t^e people vied with each other in adornipg I think, who do. not approve what the Republicans the cesBiona o£ Virginia, New-York, MassichuseScoming, and in retaliation^ Devine, soon after dark, sion of his property unless the $10 should be forth-.. with an armed party of his countrymen, pro-their houses and beautifying the place; and of course our City Government spent many thousand! of dollars in endeavOiitg to make our city appear worthy of suchdenied that their sompact unity, their determined ener-gy, and their superior numbers, afford a pretty sub-•lariiitil f.roo'nd of expectation, that their purposes inftese respects will be accomplished if the power of the Georgia. The duty of providing for the creation*?-ceeded to the residence of Eder, evidently for thevurpose of taking his life, as -well as that of " other fruits, and they dread wine as the corrupter ofpf the United States the territory North-west of the Ohio, and it was well understood that further cfissiona of territory were to be made by North Ca -olaia andJHiB, the brother-in-law ot Eder. On arriving " mankind. It is a tpecies of poison, they say, which a t the house, Device called on Eder to come out, at " causes madness. It does not make man dip, but it de- g r a d e s him into a brute. Men may preserve their tbo same time firing his revolver, hitting Hill in the " Health and vigor without wine; with wine they run arm. At this Mrs. Eder placed herself before her "the risk of ruining their health and. losing their•He stated very frankly that.wine was not a neces-sary article, but that, like Adam and Eve, we were all exalted guests." morals.''remorseless villain far from desisting fired again, Quite as remarkab'e is the advice given by Mentor to.city, and that he believed full one^half the liquor drank as wine in Paris was fabricated. f,second between Barcelona and MabTon; and the thirdlet me say kwhat I suppose all will admit, that it is He had drafted a Constitution for his native StatT exceedingly desirable that this Slavery question shall which he proposed to submit to a Convention ^Dected*doing so.sult, and new leads be added to the list of mineralkerb-stone, I thought bhri dead, but they soon got np again, and-ai it they went.I then entered into the outer room of the establish-GOVERNORCHASE IN» •KENTUCKY.hibfted by Jaw, and imposes on the Government, of •!* country the duty and responsibility of its TOauvaJj? and protection, T 5 * S 5 *ifcenefif i*l egg *:oi thecowrov^rtyiemlitu<t*i it. (t theTe'iiuOfke, tion \» \ onO all tectioM of the ftI wg^id thenglas a< » f'4i!"i' •o re£»H it witl^etrie nowM lican i'!nn. lt| filavcry. No H *itoSl*v*Tymto each 0J*M ?'>'• cere*. Yen. in thedi*pvriii<&nW e in Ofciohftv, Jointftttre win!Slarrry iu tidwhich we copy in good pari;, as follows:lam convinced that the Emperor of the French hai more to fear from the wine-shops than all othej sources The Count de Montalembert (and he, a Frenchman. united.. They furnieh the material for riot and revo- ought to krow) said in his placein the French National lution, and the wine drank in them is the stimulant toCertainly Mr. Madison did not think so, for ^** nly Mn Madison did not think so,fo7 c T d *was wrong to qtaufc in the' clared expressly that it " was wjoritf to a U t , •»3ENNESS." Oh, well," said he.^ It was bad enougb;"j and well' do I recollect his having said to me" at the time, " Let us go, our lives are in danger.here." jI w a s informed by the cabman that, in the establish- inent last visited, he.' had seen from 80 to i50 lyingAgooddealhaslatelybeensaidonthissubject, mainly in the affirmative—some of it through thepf Bell and Everett men testified their approbation of a compliment to their candidates, and the Douglas men, were Gratified withacandidexpressionofapproval of the patriotism displayed by Mr. Douglas in ans w r - ing the Norfolk queetioDS like a loyal citizen. /Thetonftittit/onalm jvan, who has devoted much time and thought to the matter, and has lately traveled over Western Europe, inquiring into the facts, has written a let-'* icating liquor, even when 'harmless in their earlier " stages; are fitted to be stepping•stones for making " t h e transition to higher stages that are not harmless."drunkenness, and remained until the fumes passed off, vdignity of me speaker, and gave him eager attiuuon. Joseph Andrew, esq., pres'ded, assisted by the follow- ing officere, viz.: Vice-Presidents—H. Cummings, Dr." strong drink, yvcreforbidden, it would rid the posei- facf s not bearing the hue of health, but that hue which " afterward live happily and healthfully, without the I have no doubt the surface of the stomach of theopportunities for intellectual, social and religiousimprovement, of which older towns can boast. But,while a general social improvement is observable,the city is far from being rid of the nest of gamblers D. Burns, of London, to the Chancellor of the Ex- cohol ueed.row. of public policy, becauee its benefits may endure sto and ih«-y refer us t-> the KanBae-Nebraaka bil' for arriS 1" nee of these intoxicating drinks.'' regular moderate drinker of alcohol is always in a I find the following in a letter addressed by the Rev. state of disease, and diseased in proportion to the al-Her Majesty arrived at Mehon on the 17th and staid States South rather than States North of Mason and exposition of tbat doctrine. Looking to that b!! , then, till the 19th. Sne was enthusiastically received every- Dixon's line; nor would I vote for Lincoln were I not what do we find ? First, an act of Congr-ag for thai firmly persuaded that he has a heart large eneugh and government of the Territory; secondly, ag Mrpange-^JCSTIUM PROf<|^«|&re be w* at practi^ certam ;n< aboakianawer um Chaee. Tne qoee;1. Qaeetioc—Is Of the Union ? j AnawfeT—H< i4" never wish to make it. Not because they are without " wrapes, for no soil produces more delicious ones, but "they are satisfied with eating the grape, as they doextensive venders of pure wine here, I presented my- self, and, although I was obliged to converse through an interpreter, he gave me much valuable informa- tion. . . - c''.;:*propose in these respects, and certainly it cannot be and other States Congress hud a-quired for the peopleequinectial .storm that ha3 raged all the past week. On.d&itbatnextyearweareto have a submarine cable.laid between Cagliari. bu:the ieland of Sardinia, ing advantage of the darkness, made his escape, " except for sacrifices, or for extraordinary festivities; it difficult to carry"on their trade in competition with and Mahon, which is to be ueed by the -English Gov-promote other than the public good. •»for the settlement of this question hitherto adopted have was not proposed. V W U « « H W ^of the Tinkler? ^sM tforBell^ndidvatf-'• the potit;oal:opml •know they art- njjiowi.ea rcr *mAvctneun eith M | . gu:s *d tbrt»E^rnoftetatcet4 th«» rl| ' rot DttDficrat*, it pTUicip:*a wju* he tbe t;o.e of J«:*e futThtr rebuke.," and E'uaked ovt-i c<ede-.i, making a1ABRAHA\SV ,h*,v» b***^ ]tract from a pnva ptiletniaia>;r. in thi* i J'V. '1 * r*r.b!:c*;jvo, bet t t*3tci«y to i*efeii|| Laiivlii, rhattrie ha* c>t>iK^ttt4?a to J> dl *i*x+ * tew l>lv Wtcbeoar al ly v.h> of .»tv iii frou.-v»:iiJ,*•«*' * 3J»pet» »'*'ic.?«ukecw b'.!.. Tti«il tare, w.4, »Wv* de«*tfJj u*y*i" < | lfohJaiii$$ tb'r**' <j»r* 8 tv» q*M-'*|^-Ji he new* W&bi '^1 X.Wt l>Cie.;:Uy .it:'*v'. c,coiv*«x.d t^R< j n * y , r - » hu>. j o v . ^ vt »'v ots*.r e;-;vO|n*.W »rtTt»;tiliW Wjpch-icsi ••axtc-.aj toorigri Deteo* tmllv'.fe.Haa£Wa*llutlHlH01i»t«^n^de relkkck 4 CUght to bftv- jrasge. .drmk»i o\ »»av t.ormrtbv "- :hj a*d.\Ns*a^ieebt to u*e M,-««.d| tiitd he niuM ha it, BIMJ did c<*' yontgm*ato«^party,wasshotintheforehead, of which he died "reJ8,seditions,idleness,aversiontolabor,andfamily integrityarealonepartiallysafe from drugged wine; early in the morning. "Whether his death was in- " disorder. Let wine, then, be preserved as a kind of and even 'they should be watchful as to the channel tentional or accidental, is not known. Devine tak- "restorative, or as a very rare liquor, not t3 be used through which they receive it. The honest dealers "findproved utterly abortive.The settlement of the Slavery question, therefore,Then Mr. Jefferson transferred his puraose to th« Western Territory, and in the plan to"whE! I h£l, Wr. II. proceedtdl ;vated, or of smaller interest to the community atlarge. The Comstock lead pays as richly as ever,worthy Minister here in 1838. recoveredi. • The physician was well pleased with the Pope an asylum on the Balearic Islands, in which case operation. The progress of every country in civiliza- Jaw. It BOhappened that only nine States w*TM Zaad Virginia stock has greatly advanced in price. the Chancellor to the Exchequer:cines the inoment it has effected the object for which it sprit, and another oh the sterol together with all the to the best mode of attaining it, divide, naturally, into:OHv % (.1 •i .ItI w**awealth of "vvrashoe. politically,, we stand but little with new ones; indeed, to discourage the cultivationFrom The Cincinnati 0<mmereiaX, NOP. %.other portions of our country, though the desire allowable purposes. . • ' man beings I ever beheld, drinking wine, arid talking in Odd Fellows' Hall, Covington. It was said* the -nowever, to< have the countenance of the SoistZSand wish of a great body of the people here, in this . Such a course would, in my opinion, add greatly to in'loud voices. I did not dare to proceed further. It hall was ncv*r before BOdensely crowded. The seats S S *M&?&8 States, and candor ti&SB&Srespect, would be gratified in the elevation of the the wealth, health, morals, and general prosperity-of was much worse than the wine-shops I had visited in were all filled, aad the aisles and areas were packed the nation. . • • Borne, in 1839, when I was sent by Cardinal Acton to with.Kentuckians of all political parties. A few ladies standard-bearer of Liberty and. Human Rights, ^Some articles in " Household Words," in 1854, on seethere8ult of wme-drinking there. It is rather a graced the occasion. No meeting, sacred or secular, inthe workmen of Prance, described the lamentable in- remarkable Irct, tbat, in starting on my: expejdition lastfluence of the wine shops; and in 1855 The Times' night, as I was entering my cab for the purpose, the any country, could have beerf more respectful than that Pariscorrespondentstatedthat,onthe30thofOctober, verymanwhotookme to that Roman wine-shop in audiencewaswhiletheSenator from Ohio addresseddifficulties and the Teaetion which followed thewild speculation'in mining claims, had become WILL CHEAP WINE DIMINISH DRUNK- the Prefect of the Department of the Sarthe had issued 1839, was standing at the door of my hotel.. I • '"' |' -. them. Some of his eentimenta were enthu-d^iioaJlyInthewordsofDeQuincy,"Preparationsofintox- drunkatatime;thattheyfrequently dranktiobeastly crowdwasprofoundlyimpressedwiththesincerityand»«rto fay that 1 filaveS'ateewot litt<£ tu* n care!a| cojrretty ago<><j "v^nt^a. Inthergtr.ut while '.'/»•Startty ts Sr-xri Terrify,, ,ft. Ttclusioo, *nd whyI plainofu? La| and in.!*- pro-j •ail*. Capital,-M Can is^»«t their retoxiis. tbaui i! haxnuo, bat elinot oil} •.* thi* v* foritit.t wtn.rt. Kepublic. Th<sometitbtftalle,: 'braakn act of HOj jwimt* \ +r in tbe fMr. W«;b*ter, de«-d in iavonr thoosht.tuat n aj which they all the territory sxqt condi-i< csand acquired from r'r 36,;i0. Who ni Vebister, tbat»taj tbe wil of •oil xha* vpte cud forget the emphaiof hiefchcnldevei wiocfrt V,Shall-we be i rier* s^iozuit bl iiln<-t.;<.0i' men, to eetabll^h newI sty to yoa-rrl elude Slavery :rJ ezcluaioo, rney I are wliliog to acd effective. Theyf inttrpfttrd. vr<Hf <r;ve them euch' i 5istrat.cn of the F coLtenL They*i mode, and they fcelieve—I cenaiJ trine ot Ftd^r^iBTtigLty, tally aJ taimy have trie J hibiticu, they wf that.The general rtj Bimple. . ftia nol jnent w;tri Slav* from trie #pher Th^a pian, I rep«f Blhvtrj will be gresa,. aid will Each State, old trodace or &boL "Will be to mere i JbitteiD***. W ei efficts oi good wj SUlt WOfUi WbHtJ And not imagtnar|At ali eventa. Hay be, let nc«J ofueSiatee. JJ made ou the (.oj O h i o h i d y o u . .:* •oncord. ."yVhea]Somftl/ give, entut**. aa oi. jepeilingn. h*\that SOW roiU betv t&i in all time to I to the Gulf,-b*arit jnerte, Itving eitl— * peace. :-.t.d QU!,'.U|J jApplaut e. |Cardinal Acton stated to me in 1839, that the jG-ov-hundred years since, in the course of his travels, "that ernment of Rome had more to fear from the wine-shops J. J. Temple. Dr. J. B. Whittemore, Chas. Hundley,Smollett, the historian and novelist; found about a" all wine districts are poor, arid the French peasantry than from any other source. . 1 .'read either and come to the conclusion that otah-nv ,•'.' were always more healthy whan there was a scarcity *' of wine." ' ' |Messrs. Boyland, Newman, and Pfatu The President, in presenting Gov. Chase, said, with great fe*ling:.# Fellow-Citizens, if ever I felt proud or happy mmyerected on this street, in the rear of his stone-store which fronts on A street, a fine brick structure, 40 feet by 60; so that he LOW occupies, and has well fiBedwith a well-assorted stock of goods, a store •f the dimensions of 40 by 100 feet, and extending from street to street. Black & Howell bave built a large stone store on C street. These are the principal fire-proof stores in the city, though many of the merchants occupying wooden buildings iave underneath fire-proof cellars in which they store the greater portion of their goods. Business is still done to some extent in canvas buildings, but the number of these is daily diminishing, and by the netting in of Winter will have been numbered among the things that were; having a to^cr'existence only in the memories of the pioneers. On the back streets,, the canvas tents in which the greater por- tion of the population have resided during the Sum- mer, are feat being torn away, and their places filed with comfortable and, in many instances, tasteful .dwellings of wood or brick. MaldanadoBrothers, the principal owners in the Mexican claim out. Nothing, in my opinion, can be- more delusive. " six months in Paris changed my views entirely^" "woe? Who. hath, sorrow? Who hath contentions? temporary discontents may prevail in this or that sec- cease, when the extension of slavery ia noa/i's oo baai- on the Comstock lead, have erected a princely man- Let the love of weak wme be established, then it will • "Light wines," says Sir Edward Bulwer Ly.tton, "Who hath" babbling? Who haxh wounds without tion of the couttry, disunion will never be admitted as nees of tbe Government ? How is exciteares,- to'^nothing so treacherous! They inflame the brain like " cause? Who hath redness of eyes? They that tarry be sion of brick, the main portion of which is two and not satisfy; stronger will soon take the place of the 1' fire while melting on the palate like ice. All inhabi- "long a$ the wine, they that go to seek mixed wine." a fit remedy for them by the common sense or common allayed, when every ele< torio the land is m.iA<i «ii»*ectlrP ARIS, May 1,1860. MY DEAR SIR: Since I last wrote you. I have had an interesting interview with Cardinal Wiseman, in Rome. I found him entirely posted up with regard tothe adulterations of liquors, and the baleful influences " are the elements of diseaseJ and the frightful siource•they were exertufg on the world, especially the labor- " of all that is at enmity with the interests of the work- but few staggering men in the streets, suppose, anding classes, and he approved a plan which, if sanctioned " m e n . " ' • $,• honestly suppose, that wine countries are, in! a greatConstitution the idea that there coufd b e S & tJ 7CITIZENS OF KENTUCKY : It was my agreeable duty,would second at the Vatican. Other ecclesiastics, in in a letter to me from Florence m 1838, said: " Many a great mistake. I was told there were hundreds of sorrie months ago, to take part in welcoming the Gover- pr< seed the obligation of free persons. Not on! y j« theraby the Boman Catholic bishops in America, he said he Horatio Gieenongh, the eminent American scu'ntor, measure, free from the vice of intemperance, JbutitisBorne, of high station, have promised to aid the meas- ure also. '• * - |You will perceive by the English press that the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer is making an {effort to intro- duce weak, cheap wme into EDgiandJat a low duty,"of the more thinking and fprudent Italians al>atain " from the use of wine; several of the most eminent " of the medical men are notoriously opposed toit i use, "and dpclare it a poison. IWhenPassure you that " one-fifth, and sometimes one-fourth, of the earningssuch places in Paris as I visited last night. nor of your State and the Members of your General no recognition, but there is a careful avoidance of rec!I do hope that hereafter my countrymen interested /Assembly, together with some of the Executive ognition of property in man. Whenever •>••<{ wher.On thorough examination, facts and arguments have established the truth that all use of alcohol as a bev-Cardinal Wiseman, in writing on the subject, re- marks : . ." Though, compared with' other nations, the Italianscannot be considered as .nnsober, and the lightness of Co., wrote me from Bordeaux, 27th of April, 1860:become at once iuvolved in the cont?8t? * Clearly here is no settlement, but the rev«r <». Evetttheir ordinary wines does not so easily prodace lightness of head as heavier potations, they are fond of the ostcria and the bettola, in which they sit and sip for hours, en- couraged by the very sobriety of their drinks There, time is l"Bt, and evil conversation exchanged; there,people that Shivery is a bjeeeug and a benet;-.; and it is impossible to persuade tbem to acquiesce p^rmuient- ly in direct responsibility for a system which :,:ey ar«dence of capitalists in the richness and stability ot stupid discussions are raised, whence spring noisy j the last five or six years. .our mines, and are good criterions. bywhich to judge brawls, the jar of which kindles fierce passions, and "The Imperial gallon, without.the cask, in 1853, was evmetimes deadly hate. Occasionally even worse en- 31 centimes (about 6 sons), in i860, 37 centimes (aboutconcerning the future prosperity of this portion of suep. From the rongue sharpened as a sword, the in- 8 sou»). .'Piquette pure, however, is hardly to be met Brigham Young's dominions. ward fury flies 16the sharper steel lurking in the vest with, and is replaced by mixtures of cider, rum andFROMMINORCA.healthful. And I see no reason to.doubt that the de- driection; and therefore it is that notwithstanding the cision of the people, whatever it may be, on the ques- great popularity with which ancestral desert and per-water, and all sorts of artificial beverage's."stretched on the threshold of the hostelry, proves the It appears from this that even the mild wines'are In addition to the great improvement our town deadly violence to which a quarrel over cups may used up by fabrications, and fnixed with ail sorts ofCorr«»poBdenc© of The N. ST. Tribune.WAHON (Island' of Minorca), Oct. 7,1860.tions in debate, and between the respected citizens, who, as candidates for the Presidency, represent the principles respectively maintained by the several par-sonal merit has surrounded his name, only a meager minority of electoral suffrages can be expected for Mr. Breckinridge.or the legging; and the body pierced by a fatal wound," tants of light-wine countries are quarrelsome."approval of the Tennesseeans and Kentuckians who completely natonalized, becomes the concern ••» every I n addition to the fine buildings mentioned, the Mex- erage, -whether in large or small quantities, is opposed a mere " decoction'' leeched from grape stalks, skine, " drink are out of the way; the priest and the prophet were the guests of Ohio. I come to you to-nigbt in the citizen ? That the con8ci6ntiouB convictiong. r«i« econ*wine had been trodden but by^tbe feet.'In answer to an inquiry with regard to the average" The wine-vats of Medoc produce on an average, 40hbds. of wine; each 63 American gallons, or 48 English Imperial gallons." The average value of Piquette in Medoc, and about Bordeaux, has varied, like the wine, 150 per cent withinubject. I venture to hope for your approval. 1 am ,m-e, at least7, of your attention, and of your patient consideration. '• ] • ' • • 'value of Piquette, <fcc, Messrs. Barton, Gnertier. andif Mr. Breckinridge could be elected on bit plx'ibrra. We are approaching the close of another Presidential no pe.ace on the Slavery question conld folio wi It igjin,the question, when in Pane, will devote an hour or two on some Monday evening to the examination I went through last nigbt. By so doing, theyj would,ofScera and the Senators and Representatives in theGeneral Assembly of Tennessee, to the capital of Ohio.The sentiment to which I was called to respond, onever slaves are referred to in the Cfcnstito^o'tharV- are always rrensioi ed as persons, never as p -<^-rtr , • It is only in modern times that the theory n >wiu-that auspicious occasion, was a Bimple repe'ition of theand then fill the land with additional licensed places to " of the laborers are expended in wine, you may form like Mr. Greeley of THE TRIBUNE, help to correct a words of Andrew Jackson, " Our Federal Union—it found favor. It was first broached by Mr. (Uiioxmsell it, and this as a temperance measure. The &>tal " some idea as to its probable: influence on their'healtu' great mistake. I could not but wish last evening that mutt he preserved." [Applause.] I declared then, as and was promptly condemned by all* the of -*;• great abstainers, as well as many others, are up in arms to "and thrift." :. Mr. Gladstone had been with me. 'Had he seen what I bad before declared in the City of Baltimore, and as statesmen of the couctry. and by none mor»>ev;,-mati- prevent this, and they are bringing up their arguments He also said that the dealers in the weak wines did I saw, I think we Bhould hear no more of his Wine I now declare here, before the freemen of Kentucky, callythanby Henry Clay. Itowas fouod tv^tiaL and statistics to prove that, in their opinion, in place of not hesitate to adulterate them, in order to add a triflebeing a "temperance measure," itjwill increase intem- to their gains. • ! '•••'\ perance to a frightful extent. J. Fenfinore Cooper, the American novelist, said:bill, unless immediate income has more weight with my settled conviction that the masses of the American however, to the scheme of slavery exte.xon, and him than public morals, which I do not believe.| People aie entirely sound on the question of the elowJy made its Way to the /?en»ral acceptan-*- jf'tho*I :•.Assembly, 1850, "Where thpre is a wine-shop there every vice. Americans-and othersvisiting the [fashion- life, it is now. Words cannot express my feelings, men." Certainly Mr. Randolph did not t K ^ f Sicating liquor in a state of inflammation, and so re- Quef n Itabella fiL, who was expected in Mahon on act. Foreign relations.^ Tariff's, Postal Intercourse, and would not, if I could, detract a £raio fro.: *hat just :corded them in his admirable drawings of their that very day. This interview did not take placa, how- Naturalization, Territorial concerns, Public Lands, repute for patriotism, integrity and ability, wh .oh con- stomachs. How could it be otherwiae? Alcohol is ever, as the Spanish squadron was prevented by strong New States, suggest questions enough—provoke dis: stitute their honorable title to the confidence ami vespect as sure to make an impression on the stomach as on the custion enough—require action enough to engross pub- of their countrymen. [Applause;] Bat the oifSculty face, i head winds from making our harbor till the 17th, hav- lic consideration and to task the utmost capac ty of with theBe respected citizens and the political organiza- /than most mountain towns. A day school is in I think 1 may fairly record one-third under this head."Baecessful operation, having a good attendance, and Lord Bacon wrote: •" Of all things known to mor . In walking the 8treet3 of Paris for weeks past, I ing on the previous day disembarked the.rojal house- Siatefmau hip, and I should be ashamed to belong to tion which supports them, is, tbat they do not meet thetals, wine is the most powerful and effectual for excit- a liberal support. It is kept by a young lady. ing and inflaming the passions of mankind, being com-have been much struck with the difference in. appear- hold at Ciudadella, on the other end of the island. any party so over zealous for a theory or so exclusively want of the times. They have no response for the ance of the middle-aged and more advanced among the Some think the Spanish Ministry were rather incliaed devoted to a single idea as to be incapable of just re- gieatqueBtionof the day, and, therefore, the peopletain is, that Louis Napoleon, on finding the Queen had meditated hostile aggression upon the constitutional They claim to p-esent a plan entirely adeqnu e cot'« rights of any State or any citizen of any State, [ap- emergency—a perfect and complete solution of t ie ques- not yet arrived, again steamed up on his way |to Al- plause] or that it will fail, when charged with the na- tion. They insist that the doctrine of Noa Icierveu-»giers, where he eaid he had promised to be on the mor- tional administration to promote any justj measure tion and Popular Sovereignty will anssver tbe purposeCharles Duval, celebrated here as a linguist, has a mon fuel to them all." > •class-room, Where aTe taught daily the Spanish, the MJton a?ks-^-" What more fi.nl and common sinFrench, the German, and, if required, the Latin; " among us than drunkenness ? and who can be ignorant meet a face, among the class specified, indicating in- pean affaire, but of this I know nothing. What is cer- be a Republican if I believed that the Republican party What, then, do the friends of Mr. DotujJ :* p-op aetstrong drink of any kind is limited, and it, is rare to "'that, if the ii&poTtation of wine, and the nee of a'l temperance; here, such faces meet you at every turn—intend, to ^ote for Abraham Lincoln; but Ijwouldnot j n g i a the hour of peril the rein* of tbe Govern meat.Creek and Hebrew languages. Thus it will be seenTirginia City is not entirely destitute of those " bility of committing that odious vice, and men might indicate s the ravages of the poison alcohol.higher classes here and in Italy. There, the- use of to avoid an interview, in xhe existing etate of jEoro- fard to such questions ss those. I am a Republican and cannot accept their leadership, or intrust to their keepiand murderers which has always infested it. chequer: " The Archbishop of Cambray in his 'Tele- The diminished production of pure wine on the con-" machus/ composed for the instruction of that yoncg tinent, and consequent increase, pf price, and the fear where. She was accompanied by,the Prioce Consort, an intellect comprehensive enough to administer the ment for the appointment of the Governor, JadgesJThough thanks to the civilizing implements of Col. 1' Prince, whose early dea'h was considered aproviden- of bemg poisoned by_fabrications, may have had some in Spain bearing .the title of King, the' Royal Honee*- government for the good of the people, whether they and various other Territorial officers,by the President^Colt and 3tfajor Bowie, their numbers have consid- " tial judgment on Prance, sought to convey those prin- erahly diminished, especially of late. During the ciples of government and moral conduct which should first week of the month three men were kjQled/and " bless th* French nation with a wiser sovereign thanthreeorfourmen and one woman wounded, the "LouisXIV."inflaence, not only in checking consumption, but in lessening crime and poverty to the like extent.hold, consisting of tbree very pretty children, and part fi.- e in the North or the f. o ith, the East or the West. and finally, a provision for the revision of all decisional of the Spanish Ministry, titled gentry, and others. Enthueiasticapplause.j of the Territorial Courts by the Federal Judiciary. The Republican party has indeed ifrankly dec'arid And this act, we are told, follows the precedent of Jef-•Mlatter dangerously. The wounded lady, a Mrs. Eder, was injured while striving to shield her hus- band from the bullets of a band of assassins, who were striving to take his life. The difficulty origi-International peace and free trade are doctrines of which Penelcn was an early apoetlej and, as to wine, what was his sentiment, founded on all he saw around him ? There are two passages which answer to this in- quiry. Adoam bad described the happy state of theThenagaintherecentgreat extension of thebar- HerMajestyisacorpulent,middleaged, good-looking i!,spolicyenmostpublicquestionsbefore the count-y fersonintheOrdinanceof1784,wliichisreferredtoaa riers here has brought all Che, drinking of the inhab- personage, quite unostentatious and even motherly in . as well as upon that of Slavery. It has' expressed its authority for the principle claimed to be the b^i» of thoIintheIrtigtha?.d| ment apptaueea 2. Qaction-D•Ctate te withdn* w Answer.—G<». ipeak lor Mr. Lin indicate that be wlececa without ih< •$0 ing the right ot r rrtsies the peot ieright to : tdreee h • of tbe otoer but; t£tKe has tiny r..tfl M 3. Qo^uoa.---^ what will he do ifl ded»ie thehiis*^^{ ' frcrn the Cnkra Anawtr.—C!<itxow witat'bv wi I right.1' [api-iau/ HE,After Mr. Ohnw Bepabiican Elea< ' intrcdnced. A *rilitants witbin them; before this extension, the laboring classes of Paris were in the habit of resorting to wine- shops oufeide the barriers, wheire.they conld drink free of c uty. .Now, these same drinking places are broughther deportment toward theee who cama near her—an example of frankness and good sense that might wellopinion on Naturalization, on the Homestead, and the Tariff; it has declared its inviolable attachment to the Union, and it has avowed its purpoae to substitutebill.Let us look to this ordinance of Jefferson. It cer- tainly does great honor to* the comprehensive and far-within, and^ when reBorted to for intemperance, the bis copi* d by many of lees exalted station.economy for extravagance and reform for mismanage- seeing sagacity of that illustrious man; It was pre- nated in a difference in regard to ten dollars, which people of Bceatica; and, in answer to the question of city, tax on the liquor is added to the price. Of course our streets were decorated ,very elegantly; ment in National Administration! There are very few, pared and proposed at a critical moment. ThrouriiFederal Government shall be committed to their States out of this territory, devolved on Congress, and prone to do that which was forbidden. He told me Our little island has this Summer been united with charge. So far as other questions than that of Slavery the plan of JeHerson embodied hie ideaa of :ce nrVnerthat the wine introduced into Paris was not Piquette, Continental Europe by no lees than three submarine arfe concerned, therefore, there is clearly no reason to mode of executing this trust. He had chemhed Shebut heady wine; that the fabrications took place in the ! .cables; the first between Mahon and Valencia; thedeprecate .Republicanism. ', idea of mauguratmg the nineteenth century bv a sub-l com" baca to the Slavery question, and first Of.all w wa? A* e^^chisement on the part vf V.rginhu -husband, begging Devine to spare his life, but thethe bullet hitting the devoted woman, shattering Idomeneus: " I believe, too, that you ought to take care all the common wine sold in the shops lis manufactured giers, having a station in this city. The cable from be eettled, and finally settled in aome way. It has die to be called,.one of the provisions of whi-h <!M^TXJby the French line that is to unite France with Al-her thigh in a shocking manner. Eder was after-. " never to allow wine to become" too common in your in the city, and is of the most injurious quality, from Marseilles to Mahon is'already laid, and the rest to Al- tnrbf d the peace of the country too long. Let. it," be SUvI have learned from auother source that pretty much"kingdom; if too many vines are planted, they must settled, and let it be so settled that it wid stay settled. Vfi££%?TM WV? ^ u Y d n o t T x ^ i lward shot in the leg, and an Irishman named " be rooted tip. Wine is the sourae .of the greatest the,materials need in the manufacture, aside froin its giers has onlv been delayed, I believe, by the severe All unite in this wish—at least all w^o have no ends to wHS5 V T £ " ' p .r ?5w o n ^ ^ *of coarse, have pro-Hughes, supposed to have been one of Devine's contained alcohol. - : : ." evils among communities. It causes diseases, quar- Families purchasing directly from makers of known"but do not hope to cause the observance of so import-leaving behind him a wife, near her confinement, " ant a rule, if yen do not yxrarself set the example." the fabricators. •..'"•" ernment to communicate with Malta and the East La- yet remains an unsolved proolem. who shall solve it? ffn r ! t e i hl ^ ^ o r a t e d a provision, tbat afterand three small children, dependent on the charity How surprisingly the evidence here recorded of the The wine merchant above referred' to, stated that, dies, thus making Mahon or Minorca the center of tel- Pew observers of the course of human affairs hesitate 1800 Slavery should not be permitted in any wrritorj • f the community he had outraged. A reward of teachings of Fenelon coincides with the opinions of being ill, his physician recommended him to< .take his- egraphic operations in the Mediterranean. [On kit to admit that political events, as well as natural phe- ceded to or to be ceded to the United States. Unde?Sve hundred dollars is offeredibr his arrest The Louis Philippe and his son, the Duke of Orleans, as own Burgundy as medicjne. In place of taking, his nomena, are regulated by certain laws, imperfectly un- the articles of confederation, it required the aseent of other instances of homicide have been less aggra- expressed to me in the presence of Gen. Cas?, our most advice, he drank nothing but water for six weeka, and number two, that our Government has offered the derstood, indeed, but not the less regular therefore' in a majority of all the States to pass any propositi m i n Srecovery j>f bis patient, and that his remedy had been he would piobably come to Minorca.] I see that the Rev. D. Burns has recorded the con- so effectual; but when told -that water had beention determines what social and civil questions must represented mt^e Congress ^The Jjiffewoniaa pro«Kversation, in part, that took place at this interview. substituted for Wine, he looked blank enough. . Still, The English steamers that have laid these cables aregive it again. I take it in the main from his letter to as a medicine, it should be abandoned like other medi- people, seeking the same general end, but differing as ferson was overborne bylbat of hia two coU^Jrues.especially in the claims of the Ophir, the Mexican,the Central, aid Gould and Curry Companies. In This important testimony has often been.published, but no temperance movement opposes the cautious use of very large arid strong, and said to be builtexpreselyfor tablished order in harmoriy.with the idesjof justice and f w ' C l Seven were neceesary. One was ^aatini?. the Virginia lead fine ore has at last been struck, in this communication it may not be out of place, to pure intoxicating drink as a medisine; but, when used thie"business. They carry a large wheel on the bow- the greatest good. In a country of free institutions, the I wo States were divided. In one the vote of Mr Jef-A single vote in either of these States would nave de- o did the contrdyersy for the prohibition, and the ques- tion of Slavery m the Territories would have been putput- the celebrated Gold Hill lead. The Washoe Silver " plain that, in the November of 1838, Mr. E. C. Dela- thought it rather a singular habit to take medicine for cable, and Mr. Perry, formerly, United States Secretary the question of Slavery has.for a longtime been becom- fe'avery question for under it that question wo£d"be"Fine prospects are being obtained from other leads back of the Comstock and Virginia.:"How matters stand in Prance more facts will show; " and the authorities cited shall be the late King of the " French, Louis Philippe, and his much-loved son, thewas used. | As a medicine the abuse is great. •'.' iA gentleman told me that he drank strong beer atrequisite machinery for lowering and raising the cable. Among the other notabilities, whose names I have for-parties, and whatever question may be, at the time, mi at prominent in th« public consideration, is deter- mined, for the occasion at least, by tho successof one orOur sister towns, Gold Hill and Silver City, areimproving also'1 at a rapid pace. At Gold IHJ1 one "Duke of Orleans. I was anxious, on the 19th iost., dinner by advice of his physician. I asked him, "How gotten, on board of them, was Sir James Bright, who, the other, aa the popular voice may decree. 'at rest forever".Without this prohibition, however, the Jefferson" to place before you the-printed statement relating to " long have you.been taking thiB medicine at dinner ?" I believe, superintended the laying of the Atlanticlarge miu is in operation, crushing rock taken from " this circumstance, but it will'be enough' now to ex- " Two years," was' his reply. I. remarked that I Now he must be blind indeed, who does not see that plan might now serve the purpose Of• settling: the'ing more and more weighty and important For referrt d in good faith to the people. It pro* ided for twenty years it has been taking higher and higher rank the division of all territory ceded or to be ced*d, into among the political questions which have agitated the districtB of suitable limits for new States. It *s*horized$194 40 per tun, and a second lot yielding $225. " barriers, where the common people resort to drink using alcohol, but they live on in spite of alcobol, and and authorized by Government. During herlate-brrt whole course of legislation and judicial action. Neces- that we have thirty-three State Constitutions—-* salu- Many other veins in that locality are paying well, "wine, because there it is free or duty. ' Oh,' saidhe, probably would have lived much longer without it. aaiily, theiefore, and inevitably it challenged more and tary extenaion of the idea of Jefferson, to allow the aad were there a sufficient number of mills to do the " ' there you will see drunkenness,' and truly I had , Let one case in a thousand exist like this, and it is con- liant war with Morocco, the Cortes authorized the Gov- mere of public attention and consideration, until it be- people of any territory,, witbin limits suitable to a Stu;e'.' seen it there, in all its horrors and debasing .effect, stantly quojtd in opposition to the only safe principle ernment tomorrow 200 million reals ($10,000,000),^ yet came what it now- ia acknowledged on all hands to be, government, to frame a constitution for themselves, required work, the yield of gold and silver from <'and chiefly on wine. I told him my guide said that •—total abatonence from all that can intoxicate as a' it touched not a farthing of them,, though the war was the paramount arid controlling question before the matead of rtquirbg them to adopt one framed tor S3iueaad Gold Mining Co. are erecting another large " van, a gentleman of New York State, visited France, so long a time at the dinner-tahle. After a moment's of Legation at Madrid. • ' . . ' " 'mill at this point, in addition to one already built " and obtained an interview with the King, who, says reflection,be laughed"outright, and said, '.'I will own up Spain has, within the last twenty years, entered onand m operation at the Devil's Gate, near Silver " Mr. Delavan, ' stated expressly that the drankenness —I love it!" Another gentleman of the same city calledCity. Besides these, there are two other steam mills " 'of Prance was occasioned by wine;- that in one-dis- on me while here in 1838, and remarked, " I am 74 an era of progress and regeneration, of which "you in country., No act or device of politicians has given it the people in each division to meet in Convemion and - in operation, and others in process of erection at the " ' trict of his Empi/e there was much intemperance on " years old,; I was in the habit of taking two glasses of the States seem.to be little aware. She is not the prominence or consequence. Every act and device of addrit the Constitution and laws of some on* oi the " ' gin, but he considered wine the great evil.' * I took "wine a day as a medicine; I gave it up because I " ignorant, imbecile Spain" gome of your demagogues politicians on the contrary has been employed to evade original States for their government. Tae iiws so latter place. These mills are turning'out large "the liberty of asking him to say that his opinion was " wished to give my entire example to the cause of are fond of stigmatizing her. Geographically com- or suppress the discussion. Brit • the question would adopted might afterward be changed at pleatma by ta« quantities of precious metal, which materially affects "that wine occasioned most of the evils of intoxica- " temperance, and, much to my surprise. I found the not down. It mixed iteelf more and more with all po- local Legislature; and the people under tha * looted the money circulation of that vicinity. The Lu- "tion in Prance, and was answered in the same words: " dieea8e left me I had been taking wme to cure." pared to you, she is; indeed, a wee bit of a thing, yet litical movements and-organizations. It entered more Constitution, might elect t.ieir officers arid conduct all zerne, a newly opened gold lead, is yielding rich " * The drunkenness of Prance is on wine.' : *While in Pome,I saw it announced that he had died at ahe has 1,000 miles of railroad in "successful operation, and moie into the,whole administration of government their aflaira according to their own discretion. It rock, one lot of ten tons yielding at the rate of " I stated to the King that I had been outside the the age of 94.1 know men sometimes live to a great age 4,000 miles more commenced, and 4,000 more projected; at home and abroad. It influenced more and more the would be a very alight extension, and doubttess—nowveins already known to,be valuable would be aston- " he thought one-eighth of the adult male population beverage in health.i*hing. Time and capital are requisite to the proper "of Paris were drunkards; His Majesty thought this This wine.merchant directed me to where I could • development of the mines of -Western Utah, but "too great a proportion." The Duke of Orleans, .in eee the results of wine-di inking in all its debasement. from a more extended knowledge, my high opinion a conversation with the same gentlemah, remarked, as I vieited onje wine-shop with .my guide la8t eveninga.very expendve ore. By the way, Morocco gives Spain twenty million dollars, and a slice of territory, as " indemnity for the past, and security for the fu-Aroerics n people. ?, • S'a^e hlready in the Union.Is it not clear then, that the time has come when the. The plan of Jctferson was a true Popular Sov?reigu- question must be settled ? Is it not dear that other typhin. Compare it with the Kansas Nebr^kn bilLgreat public interests must sutler so long as it remains The plan of Jefferson allowed the people to a*t»pt their of their richness has in no way been lowered from the King had done, that he had no doubt that all intox- (Monday);-! saw the proprietor, aud told him that I ture." But enough. Your readers may hear from me unsettled ? Ja it.not the part of wisdom and patriotism own tempomry Constitution. Tbe Kansas Nebraska;ite expression in my former letiers. New leads, icating drinks are injurious as a beverage to men in was curious to see his establishment; he was very agftin, if they feel an interest in my lucubrations.to meet thiB question directly and squarely, and ..in bill imposes on the people, without their consent, »v i e i n g i n r i c h n e s s w i t h t h e C o m s t o c k , a r e s a i d t oi a v e been discovered by a prospecting partyTroiathis place, about thirty-five miles northeasth e a l t h , a n d t h a t t h e i n t e m p e r a n c e o f P r a n c e w a s o n wine.o l i t e , a n d s b n t a p e r s o n r o u n d w i t h u s . *• '.TrTO.w h a t m e d e i t c a n b e s e t t l e d , c o n s t i t u t i o n a l l y , o e n e f i c i a l - ly and permanently ? ;.t e m p o r a r y C o n a t i t u t i o n , f r a u i t d b y M r . D o u g l a « a n denacted into law by Congress. Thejplan of JeffersoaAt the lowest, five hundred; persons were already " He also stated that in those districts where most assembled, [and the people were /flocking there inThe public judgment of the country certainly ans- enabled the people* to elect their own,Governor, .ludgee —The news by the Prince Albeit annouocsa the' wt ra thi ee questions in the.affirmative. The people are and otiier oflicers. The Kansas Nebraska bill tJlowafrom the Mono mines. From the character of "wine was made, there, also, was the greatest wretoh- drove*; mep, wbmen, and children, whofe familiesthe discoverers, I am doubtful of „ the truth " ednessand the most frequent appeals to Government young girls j alone,, boya a.lorjg, • taking their- seats at death of the great patron cf agriculture, Charles Gor3 earnestly engaged in the consideration of various plans the people no voice in the election of their orii ns-s, but of their extremt richness, though a new "for aid; and, alsOj that so large a proportion of the tables; a mother with an infant on her arm came reel- don Lennox, fifth Duke of Richmond. He was born of eet'ltment proposed, and the result of the pending provides for their appointment bv the President of trie''soil was now cultivated for wine, that the raisingof ing up one cjf the passages. in 1791 at London, and iai.a descendant of a natural son Presidential election depends on their choice of them. United States. The plan-of Jefferson empowor*d the district has been formed there,' called the Esme- " stock and grain was diminished to an alarming ex- It was an | immense establishment, occupyin"- three Permit me, tben, to examine these plans, and to ask people to protect themselves againntelavery, a^ well a*raldadistrict,andseveralsacksoforearesaidto "tent,andthaihelookedtothediminution in. sidesof:asquare,threeorfourstorieshigh,aud?filling ofCharlesII.bytheDuchess•ofPort&inouth.HeyourcandidjudgmentoftheviewawhichIshallsub- everyotherevil.Mr.Douglaaandhisfriend*refused have been shipped to San Francisco. This maybe u the u$e of wine in oilier cowilrics as : a source rapidly with wino votaries. . I saw hundreds in a state served in the army in his youth; at the battle of mit to you. to incorporate into the Kansas Nebraska bill *. simple one of the humbugs which are so frequently gotten "of hope to, France, that failing of a mar- of intoxication to a greater' or ".less degree. All or Waterloo he was in Wellington's staff. In 1819 he Four parties have nominated candidates for tb* Pre- declaration, that the people of tbe Territory had power ap here by unprincipled speculators. The truth of "ket for her wines, the fields of Prance might nearly all, had wine before them.••'', f took his seat in the House of Lorda. Although a con- sidency and Vice-Presidency, and urge their election under the Constitution to prohibit the existence ofthe matter win soon be known, however, as a great " be cultivated to greater advantage, to produce more .The attendant stated to me that the day before (Siin- «pon conedd^ratioi 8 mainly derived from their rela- shivery.atany have *?on« there from here. ' So much for the " abundant food and clothing for the people," I will doy) at least! 2,000 people visited the establishment sistent Tory, yet under the administration of Lord tioDa to the Slavery question., The relation between the two plans in not that of add to the above statement that the Duke of Orleans and that the [average consumption of wine was 2 6o6 Grey he filled the office of Pbatmaster-Generfil. He The friends of Mr. Breckinridge insist that th« Na- .airrilaiity, but contrast—not that of ex*mp!e a.d imi-mines of the W&hoe country; and, not to go fur- told me that the drinking of a single. bottle of wine a bottles per day. / • " ' was an Aid-de Camp • of the Queen, and had a seat in tional Constitution recognizes slaves us property, and tation, but that of contradiction and utter repnguarice. ther into detail at present, I will simply add they day, by the soldier, it being weak, would do but little This place [was considered a rather respectable wine- the Privy Council. In 18^9 he received the order of that in virtue of this recognition, the slaveholder has a Now, I aay here what 1 have aaid el*ewherw, th%t, a r e m a prosperous condition, as far as progressive injury; but the use of this bottle stimulated the appe- shop. My guide then took me . to another establish- Constitutional right to take his abives into National under the dociine of Non-inteiVf>ntion and Popular development and prospective richness are con- tite, and the pay went to purchase more, the use of ment, not teri minutes ride from the Emperor's Palace. the Garter.*, By hia marriage with a daughter of the Territories aud ho)d them there as property, and be Sov« reignty, truly uhdera ood and properly applied, cerned. Of the Indian war, as you have longsince which caused the breach of rules and disorders of all The scene here beggars description. I found myself Marquie of Anglesey he had six children, the eldest of protected in BOholdiog them by the power of the Fede- the question of Slavery might be safeJy left to the peo- been informed, probably, Col. Lander hat made a kinds—then followed court-martials and punishments. in a narrow lane, filled with men and women of the whom, tie Earl of March, succeeds to hie title. One ral Government It i* difficult to see how, if this doc- ple of the Territories; and if the simple and effectualtermination, b / a treaty of peace with Winneiime, Louis Philippe, or his son, told me that raw silk, to trine be admitted, the right to. take slaves as propertythe value of 100,000,000 of francs, was yearly import- lowest grade.; The first object which met my sight was of his daughters, Augusta Catherine, horn in 1827, into any State can bo denied, or pr&cically, limited. remedy of prohibition is not to be had, I, for one,whicb has since been ratified by Maj. Dodge, In- ed into Prance, which might be produced in the coun- a man dragging another outof the den by the hair into contracted a morganatic marriage with,Prince Edward At any rate, it is eertein, that the doctrine proposed by would be willing to accept thia plan, of ttettlemeoot.dian Agent for this portion of the Territory. Proa- try, were not the soil monopolized to so great a degree the lane. Then commenced a/ most inhuman tight; atleast fifty people were at hand, bat :not a soul attempt- o!f Saxe-Weimar in 1851; she aow bears the title ofBut it is too plain for the denitl that the plan of Mr.Mr. Breckinridge, as the true basis for the settlement Douglas, as exhibited in tbe Kansas-Nebraska bill, teof the oentioverey la which we are involved, makee- no plan of Popular Sovereignty, but a scheme whiclk Slavery universal outside of States wherein i t » pro-: combine*, in the worst form,. Congreeeioiia! Soter-•pectonm*y now. safely venture out, and jnasy are \ by the vine.ed to part theeombtttantB; at last one fell against tho Cwmteieof Dornbwg. Untitled Document^n - • ii8 W ^ T e agnized in that W H S 2 Dr. Threikeld, and Peter Constance; Secreta-ies— slaves __able walks of Paris and other Continental cities, seeing now that I am going to introduce to you Gov. Chase of it was upon his motion that m toe clauw r*bvm«>2Ohio." [Applause.J ,. :'.'' . ,.•1WV (f'T iflflA flftifi *.;representation the word service was subsOlK-*S eeryjtude, upon the expresa ground that the lii'wr S scribed tbe condition of slaves, wnile the t V - ^ r e * !;'iSolomon seems to have understood this matter better American Union—that among their moat cherished who became,tbe partizans of that scheme.than some good men of the present day, when he says: sentiments, there is not one more deeply cherished than Can it be accepted aa the cetUement wn- •L isde-The same idea prevails in England, as in many minds " I came to Europe under, the impression that therein the United States, that by the introduction ot cheap " was more drunkenness among us than in any other " Wine is-a mocker, strong drink is raging, and who- that implied in the simple yet moat emphatic language manded ? Is it not clear that instead of ter JUi *- i°g, it and weak wines intemperance would by degrees die " country, England, perhaps, excepted. A residence of soever is deceived thereby is not wise." ".Who hath of the patriot-hero of Tennessee; ana that whatever perpetuates agitation? How is the contro.4 -iy toweak, and then ardent spirits will follow, as a matter of course. , ;to health and life: the question is only one of degree. &c, after being drenched with water, aad after all the "have erred through strong drink, they are swallowed ame spirit. I shall speak of another but not unrelated omic views, and the s >ciai aenum^nts of eve.*< voterthe diflcupsibns necessarily incident to such a transaction.An d the excitement has been somewhat greater and moregeneral than heretofore, becausejthe questions discussedhave touched lnore closely than usual the fundamental persuaded is an injustice and an ovil.Perhaps a few lines from t^e shores of the Mediter- ties of the country,will be received with that patriotic - Whither then shall we look? The snpporters of deference to the will of the majority which distinguishes Messrs. Bell and Everett propose no plan of settlementlead." artificial substances, and then . palmed off upo.i r.neThis statement of the Cardinal coincides with my public and the nations of the world as pure, healthful ranean may not be uninteresting to your readers, espe- Americans from every other nation. whatever. In their platform they ignore tbe very ex-has experienced materially, it has improved morallyand socially. Beligious. services are held weekly bythe Methodists and the Catholics, and the generalattendance is good. The Sons of Temperance haveu large and rapidly-increasing Division of their keep your mind or body healthy, abstain fram all fer- and coffee. No wonder *that the great pbyaiciau, frankly and eino^rely; not, I hope, as a mere dogma- might as well declare themselves for roast baef, gweetexaminations, and the experice of thirty years. Science wines. The statement agrees with that of the solictor cially at this time, when our quiet*harbor has just been Of course no one here is ignorant th^, the. main istence of the Skvery queation. They d* X -.r» them- and the Bible fully sustain the same great doctrine! Greencngh. vieited by our Queen and Court, as well as by the Em- question before the country concerns the institution of selves for the Union, the Constitution, and the enforce- The Kev. Sydney Smith declared: "If you wish to The French drink wine as We in America drink tea peror and Empress of the French. Louis Napoleon Slavery. And I am going to speak of that question ment of the Laws; out all partita do the saiie. TheySir Henry Holland (his son-in-law) says: " All men should, for health's sake, make at least one fair trial of abandoning the use of wine, and all intoxicating drinks.''Lord Actcn, while Supreme Judge of Rome (after- ward Cardinal), stated in a letter addressed to me onI know indeed, that there are other greatl questions propose nothing Afferent from other parties one candf- besides this of Slavery, which demand the attention of dates; and these certainly reflect credit on >*^ir sup- stomachs of even regular moderate'drinkers of intox- tive, undoubtedly was, the desire of:an interview with statesmen and of the constituents for whom etateamen porters. I know and honor Mr. Bell and Mr. Everett,: wn i Slavery in Kentucky, then a part of Virg&fiu But public sentiment was not ripe for BUchasterT Nearlyallwill, probably, agree also thatallplans The Convention wasnot called,andthe CoSiSfiwfrom time to time challenge solution and settlement. sition received the vote!i of six of these States: an<fof Every community necessarily strives to adjust its es- sixteen of the twenty-three delegates present in Con-O.UV. w u i v w w i u WUV1UB1UU' LOOT. n r i » .-»eisted on by tbe supporters of Mr. BrecMnrdge has.4<touch H«*» m<m«Nco intcrvectij. 1'inalry Mr. Acd^ Eas*ecre'», wto fullv to L^e en <vi /yThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comk•• 