 6NBW YORK HERALD, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1860.-TBIPLK SHBaTf.NEW YORK HERALD.capitulation table gives 5 deaths of diseases of the Loots, joiata, Ae., 87 of the brain and nerve* 6 of the generative organs, 1C of the henrt aad blood vessels, l«7 of the longs, throat, 4c., 3 of eld age, ti of 1heaae<? of the akin and eruptive fever*. 3 premature birth*, 64 of diseases of toe stomach, bowels andother digestive orgaaa, 62 of general levers. 1 of disease of the urina-to save the Union, only the e prestore of a searching flaanda! revuWonfP'in have the power. Tow pressure to coming, ft)Tits A»u-siav.rv Prssa aa tn* faaaaad- Ttos ffjasj; Crista*We pnbliah to-day several articles from the anti slavery journals en "the impending* * • • • * • " I of kieutiactiaa atfeatMotto '•nfi 'tewbere would theO i i K U U R fJatasWBT ,JI'J ?9UtKMVM.OS* F0UOW AJTO 1UM40 tr*.notorious that we nave no oaoaaVai to premonitory symptoms have already attack crisis,' which, to any tbe least are exceed ft. was tried in the Court of Oyer ard Terminer,itlllrun rtMTtrAMWMTI TULW • VfjrTW*.-rot»4«—fti-SAJLSDWSAJUftJOA*«OMO«.»wm».-Paya*a BMBUOrLiverpoolofe*r*a1J•aIS^d,"lnbatkaad thathavebeenplacedinnominationwillbe•i Iteitaa atrattt astf ttartaaaai east aae BT*W n^ ••—UYI*« OVBION-TRIPLE SHEET. •«w York Tmmttmf, OwMMnMr 4, ISO©,har», aad of wheat at lttfrt. a ltd., u d floor a*. 3a 3a a 8a. M , ehlefly at be latter Of ore ffbeat, la ehip'a bafa, waa eeiajed ai 141chosen custodians of the six hundrsd milfton doHars of property in this city, atsd we confess that we have no hope of a reform or a ohaosjeandheotterscompromisemeasures,upon which, though he knows they will not be adopted by his party, be can fall back and try to clear hit skirts of the guilt of dbaolving the Union. Like a tinner, whose deathbed repentance ia always suspicious, he proposes that tbe following concessions shouldcarry through their proceedings without any vio- lent demonatrationa on the part of the populace.tbe institution of slavery within the Union, or tbe withdrawal of the slave States, or the bulkarfBatstSV ry organs, aod 2* from violent oaoaee. The tmM— Torknativity taMe gives 2a» natives of the United 14 of Enjrlaad, aad the balance of various foreignH»- 318 countries. Thegeneralheavinessaadstagnationnoticedlaatm*doll aad lower, with lair aaiea at the redneUoa. Purk ral chaos in basinets affairs, unprecedented w*« heavy, aed otosad Etmtea at 114 Tt (or mms, aad even during any of the wars of the UnitedThe King of Sardinia it in Naplesa has gone back to bis tarm on the island ofaad $10 ae a f11 or prm*aaiea coafiaed to atom 213 hbda., a food part amalatlagStates since that of the Revolution of 76.cured, sees tbe storm approaching, and pro- poses to shorten sail, and to take 'the oppositefor the torn Of four years and six months.Now we thixk that this case affords a curiousTbe steamship Northern Light, Capt. Tinkle-paoan, arrived at this port yesf«rday morning from of them, into an independent Southern confede- parties, especially wbftre the districts are email,is always sure to fail into the hands of those men who are to be found about barrooms andemigrantprofession; and the greater the rowdy the more succeFshil he is in getting into power. But with one general ticket run in all parts of the city, the property holders and order loving citi- zens generally can oonoentrate their efforts andwithout respect to persona. It the thing is to slaves. It repealed the law in order to gain be done at all. it must be done thoroughly.admission into the Union; bat, that accom- The police and tbe District Attorney must not plished, it passed an act, not only declaring fu- make fi-b of Mr William Mulligan and flesh otAspinwall, with daus to the24thoil Shebroughtth>'2,415 in treasure on freight. Amoug the pas-sengers were the Hon. J. Randolph (Jlay, UnitedBates Miniater to Peru, and family. Mr. Clay left A writer to tbe Richmond Enquire)-, whosehouses—thosew h omake politiw agitives free in tbe face of tbe express provision Mr. John Morriesey. Perhaps these d istinof the constitution, but inflicting on the olaimant guished gentlemen have been belied; it mava fine of $1,000 and five years imprisonment be that they are imbued with ali the moral and be opposed with force without meaning it, aad in the State prison. In eleven States of the manly virtues which go to make up the near that opposition to an army is quite anotherLima in the early part of last month, having sus- -'Plan which may save the Union" we have pended diplomatic relations with t h e republic of trarsferred to these columns, suggests the fal-Pern in consequence of instructions from our lowing items of a compromise under the consti- government at Washington, which insisted on the tution as it stands:—North, or two thirds of the whole num est approach to perfection that human naturething to the issue of a protest, or tbe removal of an ambassador, or verbal demonstrations on tbe part of subordinate officials. The Italian government has no external interference to ap- prehend till Its collisions with Pio Nono and Austria, which are inevitable. Although Garibaldi has returned to his home at Caprera, to displaying a noble indifference to selfish ends or personal ambition, there is reason to believe tbat he has no intention of subsiding at present into the rank of an ordinary subject; and he still considers himself an independent representative and leader of the Italian people. He has announced, with a confidence worthy of one assuming dictatorial power rather than re- linquishing it, new enterprises which Victor Emanuel may be drawn into, just at he hatalready found himself forced to adopt the pledges given by the great liberator, whose personal prestige and determination te see the struggle followed up to the complete denoue- ment promise to severely test the skill of the veteran statesman and diplomat Cavour. lie unhesitatingly announced. in distributing colore to his Hungarian troops—who, although they have taken the oath of allegiance to Victor Emanuel, regard him as their political aa well as military chief—an alliance involving a warImmediate eettlemtnt. without further discussion,of the difficulty arising out of the capture of the South with those of tbe North, including the American vessels Lizzie Thompson and(ieorgia.ua, in the month of January, 1858, inthe southern part of Peru, by a Peruvian war slaves.mean er, for alleged violation of the laws of that 2. Good faith on the part of the North in republic in shipping guano for foreign the matter of the Fugitive Stave law. exportation, at porta where it is insistedber acts have been passed with the expressdesign of completely nullifying the fugitive or is not the case; but we do say thateach shipment wasexpresslyprohibited.of the common right to enter and settle in theThe Peruvian government having refused to common Territories of the Union with theirarrange the matter in the manner desired by the property, including slaves,L'nited States, Mr. Clay bad no alternative left butto demand his passports and return home. Wepresume the affair will be laid before Congress at North of the constitutional doctrines embodied an early day; and since it is a caaeapf considerable in the Dred Scott decision.5. The right of transit to slaveholders with Peru, we give else where a history of it, with the their property through the no& slaveholdingarguments for and against the claim on the part of States.one and the other government. In amount the These requisitions are to be met and accept- claim is trifling enough, not exceeding $150,000. ed by the republican party in Congress, and byThe news from Central and South America is tbe Northern States; bnt it is certain that no not very important. We have but few details from such propositions of compromise can be adopt-the seat of war in New Grenada, but those we ed except through the forms of a regular revi- have confirm the reported defeat of the govern-ment torcea under Arboleda. sion of the constitution itself. But to save theThe seat of government of Nicaragua has again Union the constitution moat be revised. The »een changed to Managua. The Mosquito coast processes of State action, through Legisla-interest, which may even result in a war withthe police were guilty of a most flagrant breach of duty. That the Commissioners approved ofracy. What next are the guaranteee which wiii satisfy the South in the revision of the terms of their copartner«bip wi'h the North?Sagar* war* heavy, aadMAIL* F0ft IU19PB.M.*ro|M.•tsmaMBip A f r x * . UaptalSTh» taropiaa aaam will moot, ii u i «tr to-morrow Sjorsiat at a quarter Io tea o'oloofc.fM baomi onotwta Muu wiflh* p«WtM«t •i *>*• 'Hi* to to* M I « | ItofJ*oopm,mwrap-Tv*1 •JWMUBlol M ••• WMMHU* owfHOol '» ¥•• ElaWaMdsv «iu «•«»{*• to* •*«• r*e*iv** *y •*» a * t*i«er*(* at ss* naor 4urt*g to* pr*vio*a w*ek, *sS as to t h * *»«* sf •»»>''Iki fl*wa.The aeoond ae.ei»a of the Thirty-aizth Congreaamet jeatertlay. Tb«Te waa a rery fair atten.lanceor mt-ubera of both tauoaaa, aad a not omi«u*l their fatal mistake in this matter, we see them tbe dregs, so that the public will be thoroughly coln is virtually the downfall of the institution;The 0*0*Tdwtfl kiav* to» porttomorrowfor Liverpool.8b*flHO*,BSAlltitle, based on universal suffrage, aod to be eav complained against three or four well known abied to dispense with tbat code of Interna-The President'* me«wage will be aent in to-day. Vrstrrday being theannivenary of the death of John Brown, hia admirer* in Beaton hai made pre- parauoot* for a grand demonstration in bonir of their "martyr" in Tremont Temple. Bat the aff*irgencies of this crisis call for a comprehensive revision of the organic law of tbe Union. Thepracticable, the probably seceding States—tbe two Carolines, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mis lissippi, Louisiana and Texas—having as great a white population as the thirteen colonies had in 1776.nevertheless, painfully true.We do*not object to the verdict or the sen-tence in the case above noted. We be-majorities, have outgrown tbe adhesive powers proved a failare. At the opening of the proceed* of the federal constitution of 1789. The su-in exemplarypunishments,ing.8 the Union men—being a large majority of the persona preeent elected Richard 8. Pay, a Union man, lYveident. thus completely aaper- aeding Sanborn, Brdpath, Fred. Douglass andpremacy, the vital supremacy of the institution ot slavery in tbe South, and tbe overshadowing and threatening hostile political anti-slavery power of the North, have reached a point ofReform of Juvenile Delinquents the power to enforce compliance with the statutes relatingfor by tbe supposition tbat he hoped some fo- reign Power—Austria or France, for instance— would oome between bis enemies and himself. The W n e w Conference, however, must haveendea-time, is but too probable, from the general toneof tbe republican and abolition journals, andfrom the short period which must elapse beforethe revolution is precipitated. The action ot are to have an era of moral reform, it the citythe State Legislature of Vermont, in wbioh the is really to be purified and tbe dangerous dispelled his hopes of relief from Austria, aadband and disperse tbe party before the inaugu" ration of the President they hare just eleoted. This extraordinary event could only occur under the pressure of a revolution striking unmistakeably at the foundations of the govern-follow disreputable pursuits, who, not to put All attempts to cleanse the Augean stables the Fugitive Slave law; and the New York Anil- too fine a point upon it. kept gambling housesworkings of tbe general government, under of oar charier providing for tbe mode of electsectional party issues and Northern aad slaverying city legislators, and give aa one general ticket of Aldermen and Assistants, to be ran throughout the city. The present system only encourages the thieves and pickpockets, who manage io control wards and small districts, and thus keep themselves In power and hold tbetoe othervored to be heard. The excitement and confusion collision under which the Southern States may as New York is concerned, has proved a curse;abolitionists,who vainlypeople in abeyance.Tbe district system, as farto theatres, concert balls. &o. «fcc.Now, if webecame so great that the police were sent tor, and reasonably demand a reconstruction of the cleared the hall, which, by order of the Mayor, constitution as the condition of their continuin fact, decentralization in the election of legis- lative candidates, both State and municipal, is simply demoralization, and tbe sooner the char- ter is wiped out of existence and a new order established the better it will be for the proper-ty holders of Manhattan island.waa closed. At night the Browoirea aasembled in on* of the negro churcbea, where, though consi-ance in the Union.This, then, is the issue:—A new constitutionrepublicans stood 125 to 25 against tbe repeal, classes are to be pat down, let us begin at the Is significant of what may be expected tn beginning. The Legislature should at onoe the majority of Northern States. The course authorize the appointment of Commissioners to of Vermont is peculiarly reprehensible. Be- enter complaints against ail the disreputable fore Its admission into the Union it had a houses in the city, and bring up the keepersthe participation of the Sardinian aquadroo la the last battle showed him that Louis Nepoieoa was not disposed for absolute interference, al- though it is evident tbat be allows those who administer the details of his government—Ad- miral De Tinan among the number—to at least show tbe disrelish they, alike with the entire aristocracy of France, entertain for the cause of Italian freedom. We have now seen how a Duke of Grammont may assure the Roman go- vernment tbat the Piedmontese Invasion wouldderable excitement prevailed, they managed to of the United States for the better protection of1. The equality of the rights of the people of counteract tbe movements of these philosophers and will, as a general thing, give us a bettercan afford. We do not say that this isin the righto of property Southern property inSlave provision in tbe constitution, and theFugitive Slave law of Congress enacted totarry it o u t or to so impair and impede itsoperation as to cheat the Southern States outof their lawful property. These NorthernStates have passed laws imposing pains offrom three months to fifteen years imprison-ment, and penalties of from $1,000 to $5,000,against all who attempt to carry out the comtact of the constitution in restoring "fugitivesbound to service." It is these States, there-fore, who have really dissolved the Union, byWhat Is wanted hi this respect is an amend-ment to the city charter abolishing the presentmode of electing by districts; the presentBoards of Aldermen and Coonoiimen wipedout of existence; a provision for tbe selection ofmembers of tbe Boards of Aldermen and Conn if ali the Personal Liberty bills, as they are since been promoted, and holds a very high oilmen upon one general ticket, and the eleo-3. The concession to the people of the Southfine linen and kid gloves?peat that we have had quite enough of this mal- administration of the law. and if the police and the Difctrict Attorney refuse or neglect to do tbeir plain duty, it is quite time that the Legis- lature authorized some one to do it for them. In the especial case to which we have referred,4. A recognition, on this subject, by theterror into the heart of the republican camp; bntthewdrttiayettocome. Wemayoioee our eyes against it bat still it will oome.Soots CaroUna will go oat of the Union. It may prove a difficult task to rv^rtrain other Statesingly curious, and which show that the leadersoftherepublicanpartyat*thoroughlyfrightened, and that they feel that they have gaineda victory like that which Pyrrhut gained evertatthe Romans-a victorv wbioh will prove their States, 109 of Ireland, ti ef Germany, 4of Scotland, from joining her. We hope, however, that she ruin. Already they feel that the tide hasla prodce* and nerchaodise cootiused vesterda* withoutabatement Oettoa was dull, and sales opnnaed to a few Stntes. And this is our hope of the Union hawdrsd bah* 'o to* ebsasee of transactions of mo-•Mat tt waa dtflksuit to five reHaMe qaotatlos*. Fkmrwaa also doll tad heavy, espeetouv oomatoa gradea ofMat* *nd Western brtxdi Wheat waa haavy.ead iowar,wita rathsv wore doing at the sGaeeailo* Cornwascrusade against the Southern States.their approaching doom, and they are tryingto break the fail which awaits them.Senator Seward's organ, the Albany Eveningsimplicity of action which will endear him for- ever to the bearto of the Iialian people sadwill be left nndtetnrbed and unsupported ia turned against them at the North, and that thecommercial, manufacturing mechanio andla- boringclasseswill toon visitthem withthe disastrous consequences of their revolutionaryThe accused made a row in the house, aod thedeath of tyranny aad the tire ofher experiment of seoeeaion, for a sufficient sea- sontoconvinceherofthefollyofdisregarding tbe examples and wishes of the other slavepoliceman whom the accused menaced with a pistol; t a t retirement of the noble patriot a great!but subsequently, wben tbe |wstt arrived, atgave himself up. and waa carried off to the sta-tion The obnoxious individual having been dis-poeedof, tbe business of the bouse was resumed.All these facto were proved on the trial of the to posterity toe name of Garibaldi. Dariag mBut we have ne hope of meeting the demands of this long threatened revolution, short of two or three years of a political agitation and gene-elicit the admiration of tbe world.as hi* can never perish, and fame will trumpetofrrflatif rooda,*adaassailtotofboxaa,oePtornMstated Tta* Cltarter Klsctloa To-Day—A Hew Cltjr tack from a lee shore. The terrible effects ininsight into the way in wbioh the police art God. What greater reward then that can avta managed. It was the bounden duty of the obtain on earth? What grander tribute can tea ietaewbere. Coffeewaaautrtaadtnaottve, andlatheab- Charter IVssdssL New York city will extend throughout thelest* of amies of womeat quotation* ware nominal, The result of to-day's labors at the ballot box State, aad operate to the overthrow ot the repolice to have arretted all the persons in the gamblingbouse,and to have broken up the same.TbestatuteunderwhichtbeMetropolitan Police force was organized provides expressly for such cases. In the-matter at present under review there was very tittle difference as toworld pay?ByVictorEmanuel'sformalacceptanceef the sovereignty of toe Two Sioilies, aod Gari- baldi's resignation of the Dictatorship, tot eyes Of nations trill be turned front Garibaldi to tat King; and it is no easy task that the latter hat before him. Indeed, it is one calculated ttfraifbtaw,ITfirmeraadaaoreactive, withfreeengage willdecidewhichofthenumerous philosophers publicanparty. Weed anticipates the resultOar PrsMtnt Rewwtwtlwauarr Or tats—How in the philosophy now so .prevalent at the Citypersons.tomer were both notorious at defiers of thelaw and breakers of the public peace. Bothdeserve punishment, but only one receives it over difficulties that at first stem iavArr We to t*«re t*)« Vi-tlen?Ball. The very wortt s e i of candidates thatare truly "In the midst of a revolution."Tbe very leaders of ''the irrepressible confiiot," in a majority of the districts, and a choice in be made:—First—The enforcement of thedauntmen lesshabituatedto triumphincluding Mr. Seward himself, are at length most instonoss isthat of two evils. The contest coneiooed of it He and they are ready now seems to be a squabble between the wardfor terms of compromise with the South, whichevery republican a month ago would hare»«ont«l ae degrading to the most servileNorthern doughface. Wbeoce tbh suddenchange? How happens it that Mr Seward, whobut yesterday declared that "Lincoln's eleotionwill be the downfall of slavery," is now re-ported as ready to offer the most liberal coocessions for th* security of skvery aod thepacification of ' the slave power?" It all re-sult* from the discovery of a siDgle serious mis-take ?n tbe ca'onlatioDs of our over ooufidentSenator and tbe party sustaining his ooe ideaof the abolition of slavery. That misUke baaFugitive Slave law. Second—Compensation to owners of fugitives by toe counties wbicn permit them to escape. Third—The re-Bow is this? Do the police mark their men? poesibilitie* than himself and the la-Are they entrusted with discretionary powers comparable Cavour. In a campaign like to bind Peter while Paul is set free? Do we the present nothing Is done till everythingpay them to protect gambling hells and houses it done, although toe union of two-thirds ofcould be ceiected have been brought forwardcliques and barroom drummers to see whichshall have the control of. the fat jobs to be act establishment of the Missouri compromiseTbe machinery of the several political statute to prohibit the restoration of fugitiveclass of officials—an article that we stand verymuch in need of In this city just now.in revolutionary times; let the ball be pushed forward by the eleotion of tbe very worst men that are io nomination to the Common Council, tbe revolution brought to a focus at once, and the next republican Legislature forced to d o one good deed for the city which they have been plundering ever since they obtained con- trol of the State Legislature through theirweeping for the negro.so far as public opinion is concerned, they are on the same platform; and if Mulligan goes into cackcloth and ashes, is it just to permit Morrtosey to parade in purple, patent leather,nant with meaning, and no New Yorker can afford to shut his eyes to them.Extraordinary powers bad been conferred on three years of time at least This interval cans to atone for some of their past sins. Will ral constitution, which they have all undertaken ble conflict has begun among the anti-slaverytion to take place on the 1st of March insteadbe to arrest the progress of revolution at theWe areof in December. A t that time our citizens will South. But at all events it is the duty of those torn o u t which will insure the selection of States to repent and do justice even at thetad not yet been taken possession of by that re- tures or conventions, and tbe votes of Congress, worthy men to the municipal legislature. eleventh hour. A dreadful responsibility restspublic, as waa provided by the Wyke treaty. required to do ibis work, will occupy two or Here is an opportunity for the raral republi- upon them. By their unfaithfulness to the fede- ready in the hotbed of abolition toe irrepressi-President CastlUa by the Peruvian Congress, in of our transition from the old to a new constitu- they avail themselves of this opening to do this viewoftheapproachingwarwithBolivia.Mur-tionwillinevitablybeanintervalofterrible legislativecarvedcityarealbenefit!and sworn to maintain, they have bronght this party themselves, aa it did thirty years agogloriousUniontothevergeofdissolution, whenGarrisonwasmobbed.ByadespatchofextirpationagainstAustria;andnotsatisfiedders and robberies were becoming quite frequent in the former country, and the state of society there generally is described as moat wretched.and jQOihing can prevent the completion of thefrom Boston, published in another column, itagitation North and South, ruinous to banks, railway corporations, stocks and stockjobbers, merchants and manufacturers; disastrous, inpRorosmoN TO REHTOUU THK MISSOURI COM-catastrophe if they do not at once repeal theirwill be seen that the abolitionists intended toChile continues prospering. Extraordinary pow-ers had been granted by Congress to the President brief, to Northern capital, enterprise, adven- suggesting as a remedy for the political disturb only the liberties, the happiness and the pros- tyr, John Brown, whom a year ago they ment of an independent State in Hungary.during the present Presidential campaign. A very turers, real estate and labor in every form. ances which threaten to dissolve the Union the aevere law against riots had been passed. The fiat kbit comprehensive financial revulsion restoration of tbe Missouri Compromise, which Araueanian Indiana were again giving tbe will be the convincing argument to Northern shows that they do not comprehend the conditiongovernment some trouble, no leas than from two to anti-slavery fanaticism, and will cool It down of the country at all. It is not any enactment by three thousand having taken the field. Trade andexports were remarkably good. to a recognition of the value of the Union, in- Congiess we want to restore harmony betweenperity of a great nation, but the hopes of free- apotbeosfeed with an extraordinary demon- We shall therefore see the single mind- dom throughout tbe world, and tbe destiny of stration. Bnt such is toe change of sen- ed enthusiasm of the man again dis- unborn millions of the human race. timent since the eleotion of Lincoln that tbe played on the battle field. Indeed, he, in allrepublican Mayor of tbe city shut up Tremont probability, feels satisfied that his personal TUB CITY CHAMBBBL*JJI AKD ran Crrr Temple against them, and would not permit services in tbe settlement of the Austrian ques-The Salvadoreans are very indignant at the exe-sical laws of nature settle that; slave labor IsPiatt, standing upon his alleged rights, refused to indulge in their Insane ravings without to appear before a committee of either Board hindrance.and give an account of the condition of theit has no affinity tat either race or lan- guage. Many would say that it was making war for war's sake. Garibaldi, of course, withto pieces. We think this anti-slavery alliance• a y be driven back, and rendered powerlesssent criii* Moreover, no measure of Congress posits in the hands of Mr. Piatt, about which a placed under arms to be prepared for anoat- should attempt a war of conquest aud is necessary to regulate that question; the phy- good deal of mystery appears to exist Mr. break. Tbe fanatics were, however, permitted revolution among a people with whomcution of Mors, Cenae and companions, la Costa for tbe future, but only through the fiery essential to the tropical regions, and it is neitherRica. and grand funeral serricea ware held on the ordeai we have indicated. Our choice ia be- aeeessarynor possible in the Northern States3dulLtntheCathedralchaurchofSanSalvador, tweenthataadtheveryprobablecontingencies andTerritories;foritwouldnotpaythere.According to the OajInepeckw areport, there•rereaOS deeds, is the ohy *vtaf the past week, to the bottom, a i l that has been done daring Into tte households of its citizens, to stir up in-an increase of 40 aa oempared with the mortalityOftheweekprwvtens,naodMmorethanoccurred.. .- Lml_ I a •doling tte coiwopondlng week last year. There-aOa>w^sms>s*wa sw•***• w^ssw* ase*"*^"* v^as*"*^•8)s^* t s k w ii vi » ij v o j a wMaii •aa^P'••wa^a*iwn^tow ssjnsmnaa*ar*j^saatssm•**» •-»evUs, and Thuriow Weed knows it at wall ateat to tat wall mustbeun- and to achieve tailt'JtAjviolating the conditiocs of the confederation.They are the aggressors, and the Southern se-They s e e-**.Journal, after the eleotion of Lincoln isse accused, who waa sentenced to penal servitudelife he can never hide fitmsel/. and af-er death bis memory will be affeoUoaeteJy revered by all who value the liberty given them by theired upon by our taWtcipal legislature, and It line, and its extension to thePacific Ocean, thusmatters but little to the public which atesuccessful. The only difference, looking atit from an impartial standpoint, is thesimple question which party shall be al-lowed to fatten out of the city twatury, and Itis no sort of consequence whether this or that propositions of his organ, and that heband of conspirators are successful; the proper will make, immediately upon the open " professors " They were held in merely nomi- tiona' law which be was obliged to extemporiseIt is said that Mr. Seward adopts theseing of Congress, a strong coOservadve There is no nope of cleaning out tbe speech, which will astonish bis friends as nest at tbe City Hall as long as tbe present well as bis enemies. 'But Jthe Roobestermoiety of bis money had been lost at faro, andty holders will be alike ii dieted.nal bail, and have never yet been brought to trial. More than that they never will be.in practice. Tbe historical ground that Italy never had been united was tbe great argument of diplomats and politicians against tbe unionbeen their absolute disbelief of any substance,or danger, or sincerity in these Southern want' There is little or no use of voting, and If idea of any compromise, remembering that Mr.executed, so far as the German theatres andlugs of disunionAt length, however, the leaders and organs of the republican party being convinced ofworst candidates in tbe field, and let us reach tween slave labor and free is irrepressible anddescended, like hungry tigers, upon the de-voted head of Lindenmuller, and have broughtHoym and Hamann to sudden grief. It is agreat pity (or them that the above named per-the bottom at onoe, if there is any bottometernal, that he and they must abolish slaveryto the rascality of tbe office holders. Give uswherever it exists, and that the election of Lin-Baoib«r of apectotor*. Bryond the appointment taking a position on tbe slavery question the aroused and unite in one voioe for a modifica- whilst the Boston Liberator insists upon amend sons are respectable people, engaged in a law- of the iifioai ouoiuiitte** to wait on the Preatcteat, effect of which will probably be to dis-little hijiinet* wa» transacted in either branch.The proceeding* were not characterized hy anyeitra ex iu»ment. Tn the Hooee, on the call of theroll, aboot two bubdrtxi member* r«4pooded totheir uamee, amoeg th*m allof the reprwentatireafrom S**th Carolina eic^pting one (Mr. Milea).Both hooaea adjoaroed at a little after oae o'clock. ment itself: The simple truth is that the exi-tion in our charter, and bring about a reform ing the Personal Liberty law of Massachusetts by that Is worth something. making it far more stringent than it is againstful calling. Were they outcasts, persons whowill be a fruitless task under the present dis- trict system of electing Aldermen and Council- men; and if the next republican Legislature have any bowels of compassion upon as they will—by way of repentance for some of their past sins— as soon as they assemble, wipe out that portionSlavery Standard is in favor of letting the South- or brothels, they might carry on their ern States quietly secede, and of forming two business unmolested every day of tbe week,ceding or nullifying States are merely adopt- their conduct we are loth to conclude. Theing measures of redress or retaliation. fact is, however, that tbe officer in command of It is not certain that at this late period, even the force which went to Monissey's home hatmisnamed, rbould be repealed, the effect would place in tbe department These facts are preg-with the prospect of hereafter securing Venetia,the hero of the red shirt—the emancipator of PBOMTSE.—Several of tbe republican politicians infamous and perfidious enactments, and thus bave a grand celebration at Tremont Temple of Sicily, Naples, Umbria, Perugia and theand amongst them Master Thurlow Weed, are remove the causes which now jeopardize not tbe anniversary of the execution of their mar- Marches—is looking forward to the establish-The steamship Cahawba, Capt. Smith, from New cluding Southern slavery. This ia the best the States, but an amendment of the constitu- Fcmw —There has been a curious tournament them to use i t They then declared they wouldOrleans aad Havana, arrived here yesterday after- that we can hope for now. This Northern aati- tion. Extending the tine to the Pacific, and going on for some time between the City occupy a church instead, last evening, when the soon these projects may be carried into execu- noon, with date* from the latter port to the 29th ult. slavery agitation hat reached its culminating confining the existence of ilavery sooth of that Chamberlain. Mr. Piatt, and the Board of Alder- people assured them that if they did they would tion; but if Immediately, it will excite, Attain- in the United State* were creating the most point It must now fall back, back, back to line, would be of no avail whatever in the pre men and Supervisors, relative to the city de- burn toe building, and the military were some surprise that a kingdom to new intense excitement at Havana. There is no local where tt was forty years ago, or the Union fallsnews from there of any interestpublicfundi; butheappearedyesterdaybe- Suchisthemarvellouschangewroughtinthein honor of Get*. Caaaa, who was a Salvadorean of aa endless civil war ia the event of dis- The proposition to restore the Missout i Com fore tbe Supervisors' Committee on a subpoena very focus of the anti-slavery agitation in one characteristic hopefulness, overlooks the possi-toy birth.The Committee of the Supervisors succeeded ineliciting from the City Chamberlain yesterday, •iter much diflculty, the aimple truth that>> inte- rest is paid on the county moneys in his hinds. There was a good deal of blaster and flrdj prac- tice between the chairman of the committee andAnd this is but the beginning of When commercial failures, the break- ing o f banks, t h e stoppage o f manufactories,bility of ruptures with Germany or tbe great Power of the North, aad fixes directly uponMr. Piatt, which la given la bar report.meetmg of the committee to consider tbe second •part of the subject before them takes place on Hooday next.The nextpresentlook out for social revolution at the North, and a war of labor against capital and a conditionvnioa.A political revolnuon. which it bat thena- taral^veiofisaaawofibrtfyeart of sectional agitations of the slavery question, cannot atonoebaredawdtoatraatyofv^oe. Acrfais, which oetaanda a new organic Uw for the Union, cannot be disposed of byCorgrws, nor by triendly piniahiM inOf Jir. Lincoln's administration. The public mind of every Northern State must be probedpromise, then, as a measure of conciliation, it absurd.What It really required to avert secessionand harmonise the country it such amendmentsto Hie constitution at will give new guaranteesto the South, and put a atop to the raids whichtbeanti-slaverysocietiesarecontinuallymaking inasmuchatthere it aa apprehension abroad upon Its Institutions, its interests and its rights, that tome $50,000 of the pnblio money areabort month.atmebow nnaecounted for, and that tone irregularity exists witf regard to the deposits. we think that the public have a right to roll tmimatoii. This it the remedy far tat present information from Mr. Piatt upon the mbjeet, aadwebopsthatattoeadjoareedm«e>ingoa Monday next alt dodartn* will be avoided, andbv sending Incendiary documents- thronghetuof anarchyThere h a t'ion at the South as a consequence of the elec- tionofLincoln;butuniessthereitaspeedy adjustment of the anti-siavery Issues tad har- mony ia teetered, there ia far greater likelihoodthe, country, and firebrand*, like John Brown.keen much talk o fservile inaurrec-Untitled Documentthat Information be frankly given.at a witness, but for all the information elicited he alght as wall have remained at home.M*raw A few days age a man,ian such riot as In the city ofsitting In this district, on an indictment whichchargedhimwiththe-bighcrimeofresistingan••Acer ia the discbarge of bis duty, f a t evi-dence snowed that the accused had frequented Caprera In these few words a history ia In- a common taming bouse, which waa kept by avolved, aad that hktory proclaims theman well known to the aottot aod tat fancy. fall of oat nation and tbe rise of affwere called in.First camso a tpolios-viotoryofrightovernight Wesee,too,IThe keeper of tbe house and his outof bad repute ? It really appears that such is tbe peninsula into one kingdom was a greater tbe case. Not long ago a Wail street broker achievement than tbe organisation of a newrecognizing theright of the Southern Statestoextend their institutions to the Territories lyingto the west of them; and, finally, that a conven-tion should be called to amend the constitution arrested by the police. He declared that the ward bold all his dominions by an acknowledgedand no one would molest them or make them Southern, because tbe policy of coercion is im afraid That may teem strange, bat it is,distinct republics, one Northern aad the otherwas accused of defrauding a banking house to State, or than the acquisition of Venecia and the tune of eight thousand dollars, and was Borne will be. Victor Emannel will hencefor-The police are efficient elsewhere, however.The polios have caused tbe Sunday laws to be of Italy. Tbat tbe objection was merely oneof piejudioe it clearly visible. The most hope- lees ot tbe Italian people have been warmed into an enthusiastic desire for tbe establishment of a national kingdom, aod the prudent policy wbioh Vietor Emanuel will doubtless adopt will make permanent the effect prodneed. Under his liberal sway they will be educated in the school of freedom, and will witness the good results of patriotism hi the deveiopement ef their national resources— the material wealth of their neglected country.The pertinacity with which Francis IL and the twenty thousand men composing the small residue of his army cling to Gaeta is one of, but by no means one of the greatest, obstacles with wbioh the King of Italy will h*re to eon- tend, as it is highly probable the Neapolitan army will soon be finally defeated. It ia even now a matter for surprise that tbe BourbonThat the Personal Liberty bills will not berepealed, nor any other con session made in given tbe government ot the Society for the aucceee were so small. It oau only be accountedmode of eleottng candidates is kept up. Democrat and tbe Syracuse Journal icout thetbe people do vote they had better select the Seward has taught them that the conflict be concert rooms are concerned. The police haveTHX IRREPRESSIBLE CONFLICT IN BOSTON.—Al-the and.Between the objections of counsel and the and the throwing of thousands upon thousands have omitted to take into hit calculation theapparent indefiniteness at to tat authority of the totntnittee to make certain investigations, tbeaflair looked very like a mere farce; butof the people out of employment take place, and when all the other disastrous results of thefact that she it able to maintain her own righto independently of help from any foreign source, if an insurrection it profaned to a constitution- alobligation. TatMagyart would,under any ciroumatances, decline tat leadership of Gari- baldi, or any other not a Hungarian. Theiudi- ciousness. therefore, of Mt having spoken about Hungary at a personal matter, aad of his pledging the government of Turin to take part tn foreign strife, may be questioned Ob de- claration of hostility to Plus IX. ia open to tbepoliticalcrisisfolk»wt thanm a yw eAnd further, we re-which i t i t fearful to contemplate.but welievebold also that they should be impar-tially distributed. Tbe Legislature has King has so long resisted where the chances oftion will be indispensable. It to uncertain howhis aim.With regard to Hungary, he seems toSuchaeadt Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 