 :•mis Is>*M » SO»J.-158 ,733.S3 ,. -^fft«4r.rv,•SJ*>anI >*i RS-slai-/•OLD MAIL LINE FOR CALIFORNIA,vi *P ANAMA RAILROAD.Sxtra Steamers at Panama and Aeapnlco. WkJULAR DAYS, 5T« and 20TH of EACH MONTH.On MOND A V, Mar.;h 3, at 2 p. m.,The Vorth AOantic Steamahip Company will dlnpa^h the splon- didateamahipBALTIC,A O GRAY, Commander,P«* A S P I N W A L L D 1 R E 3 T , and will connect, vfa PanamaRidto—<. with the Pacific Mail Steamxhlp Company's steamer GO. DEN AGE,J. T. WATKINS, Commander,And proceed DIRECT to SAN FRAN'C.rSCQ.l&mt freight, apply at the Otfi-e of tn« Company, No. 8%Waa-at. For p*» t«)t»- apply at the Office—<»v«jr tho Gate—on lh« ~wh*rf,rest undisturbed, bieakfaat, if dewixerf, and leave Stonington in great expense through medical imposition and-quackery. Single ing agent of the Commissioners of Emigration, at duced into France, and found to flourish there satis- cf cultivating grapes froiu bud*, and forcing their growth by beatOf' 5o»»-t^rx>- 17-Kma iLD02*-a?avcasbs>r rft of E3. in*KAJ%ft. 3 Bit i ** la ac*-riussis*r/*SM .;will all take the cint, and I promise you tire coopera-XCHAlJNCEY M. f 15 law6w WD E P E W ,Plaintiff's Attorney, Peckskill, NT Y.removal of the cau^e which produces such monstrosi- ties—viz., better legislation, new liws, and a repeal of such barbarisms.-M»W*»W*>«<lWJITLAKTIC AND j^g**Cures all derangements of The Stomach,The Liver, The Kidneys,To tht Editor of The K. Y. Tributu.other French journals, embracing the following sub- years have perished. This has generally been a*o.-ibeU to tfc>, severity of our Winters. But the apple-tree used to h* T«%vrdrt ICON'S" • • •" ""I* ^*'ly hardy, and when in rood condition ab!<: :a b»ar theMummy Wheat—An article from Mr. Payen states severest cold unharmed.>vtheir depredations better than any other dust applica- weight All of the varieties flourish in a climate where tion. Its odor and taste are offensive to the insscts.:'— ii»The PL YMOUTH ROCK, from New-York—Tuesday, Thurs- day, and Saturday. From Stoohigton—Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.HE CONFESSIONS and EXPERIENCE of franchises in our city, without compensation to the an INV ALID, published for the benefit and as a warning public, to a set of active and mercenary politicians, audXpOKthe District of Columbia will be looked to by the coun- M$m^&$kI M i WdhumAROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS. /ROK VXW-YOKJC TO LIVKKyoOL.Chief Cabin Pa<sas>». Second Cabin P»»»sgeritot KO«TOJ» TO i.ivwtro*i- Chief Cabin I'ci*-.^........................14.—For. Salt Rheum, t/rusty Eruptions, Erysipelas, Scald Head, Barber's Itch15.—For Rheumatism. Pain, Lameness, or So'-encas in the Chest, Back, Side, or Limbs16—For Fever and Ague, Intermittent Fever, Dumb Ague, old inveterate Agues....". - 11—For riles. Internal or External. Blind or BleedingRecent or Obct'r .aie....lfl—For Opthalmy. Weak or Infiemsd Eyes or Eyolido,25 25 50:•••. -3elopa, I would never trim vines later than February, and earlier is much bettor.The subject was still further discuwed by Hcvsral persons, without eliciting any important new inform t- t!on for tbe pejple •The Secretary, Jndge MJSIOS, read some very in*ore«t- upon this sobject was introduced by SOLON EOBiospy: ML J. BLUJNT—Am. JOHN A. KENNEDY. ing papers, translated from the Rcvuc Horticolc;<aad Willions or young fruit-trees sect West darirg tbe pa** zcwfaints, (Dils, #c.A O i l OIL—Fully ©qual to tlu beat ia markedDR. McCLINTICK'S COLD AND COUGH have been others -who have fainted as well as myself MIXTURE.—The established and standard remedy for —•which last I thiDk qnite probable.TSS/ »WSJ|SJ «<leemthan ssssjsjyrto— Vy^«^m._,steamer METROPOLIS, Capt. Brown, leaves New-York every TUESDAY, THURSDAY, and SATURDAY, at 5 o'clock p. m., and the EMPIRIC STATE, Copt. BrayUn, on MONDAY, WEDNESDAY, and FRIDAY, at 5 o'clock p. m., from Pier No. 3.N. R. . ,Hereafter no rooms will be regarded as lecnrcd to any appli- cant until the tame shall have been paid for.Freight to Boston is forwarded through with great dispatch by an Express Freight Train.WM. BORDEN, Agent, Not. 70 and 71 W e r t t tby-physirjuns and all who have used it, as apreparotiont that hssfMeets at the Coopor Jnotttnto.jMONKAV, Feb. 20.—ROUT. L. PETX in tho chair. Cultivation of FruU-Trccs.—The following Wterf&retra Sixomtro, # cJ^OUISVILLE ARTESIAN WATER.FORMERL Y THE*V AN oKRBIL T LINE, FOR CALIFORNIA.Y%+ only Ko* earryb* the U. & Mail* on this route, nnder SMfstsaet wi.h tbe Government- __ _ . __ „ - > „ _ „Also, JRheumatiem, Gout, Gravel.THE REGULAR MAIL LINE via STONING- It stimulate* tho Appetite, and gives relief to the Stomach andSm: The rude and uncalled-for attack made lastevening by Mr. John A. Kennedy upon the subscriber, that great frauds have been perpetrated upon the pub-There is another circumstance: many of ozi best v.i.-ictl«e of tor)y3 T H AN i> 2rdTH OF EACH MONTH.S. T. THOMPSON, Agent,Other /acts I could mention, bnt they will undoubtedly bo should it be kh,d enough to ske it np. It is one that very deeplyFrom th* ©ld-»*i»bIW:ed WharTbot of Warron-at, N. R 0TirPxfurnish one. I have made no claims upon the City have vegetated have been fraudulently introduced. interests farmer* and all claws of men who wl-h t* onltfr^i Celery Disease.—An article read by the Secretary, fruit, wLetber for tbe mart*tor pirate me; aod I arri s-rtirriedWvtnfNow-Tork March 20.This ia tbo only Mis* having an extra stewmer both at P*n«rrmlaijj Aapinwal). to insure prompt connection of passengers and 1D»1J« at tbo I«thmnsy #r passage or freight, to any point on - the route, apply at the e+ij »&*• of the Company In the City of New-York,No. 177 WaaVtt, foot of Warren-st. D. B. ALLEN, Atent.ingtou at 8:30 p. m , or on arrival of the mail train which loaves Boeton at 5:30 p.' mThe C. V ANDERBIL T. from New-York—Monday, Wednes- day, and Friday. From Stonington—Tuesday. Thursday, and Saturday.la t*vice more efficacious than the liquid oil. * i Ah-o,QUERU'S JELLIFIED CASTOR OIL (Patented).To be had of the inyentor. No. 135 4th-av., and all respectabledruggists.celery of France, almost as certaui as the potato- dis- ers' Cluo of the American Institute would take for d'actmion tbe those simply of personal acffuaintance, and have not ease is or has destroyed that crop. The disease is question:V. B»—All person* are forbid trusting any on* on mcoaiitof Ike above snips or vwnera. ,,Pawwtngers proceed from Stonington, per railroad, to Provi- dence and Booton, in the Express Mali Train, reaching saidlo saS a* follows:r x o x xr.vr-voRXKANGAROO GLASGOW, EDINBURGH ,lawfiw Wand enmity are terms not applicable to our relations. He belongs to a class of politicians who are constantlyloviiiK out-door employment, I have |8uperiiit*«i<l«d the garden, and Lavo taken especial pains to save the earliest seed, from tho largest and beet vegetables which we raise. For «..mr five or six years pest I have saved my whitewash, after houac-cluanioir. ^mdAnd tmrj Saturday uuvuehcot the year, from Pier No. 44 N. R. Xjtrica or PAssAen.the Coui-ty of New-York, Notice is hereby given to all per- I have hut little communication, and if my opposition ways found it effectual, being careful not to uso it too strong. whelmed state of the Department compelled him to sons having claims against HENRY GOLDSTEIN, late of tho to their schemes provokes their enmity, I shall not re- Antt for potato vines I have no difficulty in expelling tho bugs,City of New-York deceased, to present the same, with vouchers by sowing on aahex, when the dew i* on, or after a rain. Two remonstrate against such proceedings, there being at thereof, to the subscribers, at the office of Abram J. Dittcnhonfor. gard the expression of their feelings of sufficient im- or three applications have to be used generally. I wish to make present 2,000 inmates in the Alms House. Of fi ve per-Cabin to Qneenrtown or Liverpool. Cabin to London (via Liverpool) Steerage to Qseenstown or Liverpool Steerage to London.....$71 84 2? S3No. 339 Broadway, in the City of New-Yo>k, on or before the Brat day of September next.—Dated, New-York, the jlith day of Feb-portance to excite mine.J. BLUNT.THE FEDERALBonie inquiry, if it would not be incoayenient to mention it at some sub*e<iuent meeting, I would like to nee it discusned.sons, between 39 and 65 yeirs of age, admitted this year, all died within three days after admission. Re- ferred to the Committee on Bellevue Hosdital.St*era-e Return Tickets, available for six months, from LiverpoolIN60 Passengers forwarded to Havre, Paris, Hamburg, Bremen andAntwerp at through rates.Certificates of Passage issned from Liverpool to New-York..$4C C*rtiflcatea of Passage iasacd from Queenatowa to New-Y ork 3CThe PRESIDENT offered the following preamble and resolution, which was carried:roxirvrntyooi- SATURDAY, Feb. 25. SATURDAY, March 3. SATURDAY, March 10.TAPSC« »TT k. Co , So. W Son'.h-st., New York. TAPSCOTT. SMITH k Co.. LivcrpooLNOEFOLK and PORTSMOUTH.-The new and first-chiss SteanMhip POTOMAC, C*pt. Geonte W. Wataon.cheeked 15 mi antes in advance of the time of leaving.J&euiraL HUMPHREYS'The Committee in the House of Representatives on£JT7S Jesrre Pisw No. 13 North River, EVERY SATURDAY, si fADEMOCRATOFTHEOLDSCHOOL.o'clock,r-anrti-tt-v with the Norfolk and PaUrsbur^ Sailrcad for Pe4*s»SPECIFIC HOMOEOPATHIC PJEMEDIE8Stand confessedly at the head of remedial means for the use of the people. They are alike removed from the poisonous, dan-Sross, and repulsive doses of quackery, or Old School practice; e inconvenience of Water-Cure, or the intricate and perplex- iug obscurities of the usual Homoeopathic books and medicines.Consisting of simple specifics for the various diseases to whiah they are related^—put up in the terra of sinqple sugar pellets—and prepared of ingredients neither dangoroifjr nor disgusting, theySHAKERLETTER.burg and Richmond.7r«ight to Norfolk 6 oenta per foot, and Tf)tt»Ttib\at " oenUftWM. S. CARPENTER—A neighbor of mine practices building fires through his orehard during the month of May, which he thinks destroys a great many insects.Soot, and proportionate rates.Goods forwarded to all parts of Narth Carolina free of com-T^iHr" Apply toH. B. CROMWSLL At Co, Nc. 86 Weat-w.TO THE IRISH REVIV AL PREACHER.H. G. GUINNESS—Respected Friend: In No. 397,Tbe CHAIRMAN said that he had tried the plan ofBe-rond Cabin PassageThe ships from Boston call at Halifax sad Cork Harbor.New-York.his residence, at Clinton, Beatty. son of the l*te \Vii-FKRSJA, Capt. Jidkins, ARABIA, Capt. J. Ktose, ASIA, Capt E.O. Lott. AFR/CATOapt. Shannon.Failing or Weak Sight....... , 53 19—For CsXarrh. Acute or Chronic, Dry or Flowing;Oneida County, N. Y., UvnryB Ot m n n M , a7 0 S T E A M S H I PThe Glands. The Digestion, The Secretion*.T&est Steam*r< b*v* »up^rtor accommodation* for Passenger*, by ovii«r R^ilroaO Companies. Merchants and shippers intrust-der McRclby or McKelvcy ana Catherine hia wife, William A.Colt, Mathew Fallon, .lames W.1' McKee, Robert Anderson,Margaret Doyle, and William Lane—'Summons forrelief. iCom.notserv.)—To the dnfenrants ALEXANDER McKELBY orMoRELVEY end CATUARINE his wife: You are herebysummoned and required to answer the amended complaint in the country generally is ignorant. I profess to be' a this action, which nas been filed in tho office of the Clerk of the"York shall appropriate a like suos of $300,000; thereforeRetolted, That a Committee of three bo appointed by thinBonrd to confer with the Hon. th«» Mayor and Common Counil • of the city of New-York, as to the best means of farthering tboaxe constructed with wster-tij^Jt coinpartzzienU, and «i»ry ex perleoced Surgeons.J*or Frtjixht oi Passage, apply »t the Ofl^oe of the Company. JOHN G. DALE. f«o. 13 Broadway. New-York, Ageat. In Liverpool to WM. INMAN. Tower B-.ildings.In Glasgow to WM. INMAN, NO. 13 Dixoa-et.HHHE NORTH GEHMAN LLOYDS' steam-» JL ship NEW-YORK. H. J. von San»en commander, earrylng the United states Mail, wii: saii po«ltlTely onSATURDAY, Marc»» 17, at 12 o'clock LG.,VOKBREMEN, VIA SOUTHAMPTON,Taking passengers forLOKDON, HAVRE. S.^UfHAMPTON, ANO BREMIiJJ, Atthe following rates:First cabin. $100; second cabin. $£>: steer.*;*, $35. >'or freight or p»fc»aae apyly toOEL^PCKE.KEUrGEN k RXTCHELT,No. 84 Broad »ur.TAPSCOTT's LINEOF LIVERPOOL P ACKETS.The subscriber* continue to crant certificates of passage to orfrom Liverpool by their favorite line of packets, comprising in jjert the following ships, vis.:WM. TAPSCOTT. EMERALD ISLE, ALBION. DREADNAUOHT, MIDDLESEX, VICTORY.BENJ. ADAMS. CONSTELLATION, JOHN J. BOYD, WEST POINT, SWITZERLAND, PHG2NIX, UNDERWRITER, SHAMROCK. CAMBRIA. Making, together with othcra, a ship every five days. Thesxtb*orib«rs are alao agents for theX. LINE OF LONDON P ACKETS,For all of which they grant certificates on liberal terms. REMITTANCES TO IRELAND, fcoT. k Co. also eontinne to issue drauts, payable on demand, throughout England, Ireland, Scotland, and\\ ales. Send or call for circulars.Circulars, with all particulars, may be had on application—if by letter, inclose postage stamp, toing the tn>n»portati'"'n of thoir Fre:s«t to this Company can rely with confidence on ii» ••p'jedy transit..This Company also maintains an Emigrant Accommodation Line by which parties .<mig:ating westward enjoy a cheap and comfortable moev of conveyance at one h-ilf the nr*t-cl*as ratesheaded " Despicable Diabolism in the District," reveals a state of things in. the District of Columbia of which75CANADA. Capt. Lang, AMBTRlCA,« apt. Millar. NtAO ARA. Capt. Andersen, EUROP A, CspC J. Le»».^not ore o' your timid people, boinjrreared to ride colts,thoot pittcfe, skate and swim. So I got through allthe maneuvers, previous to that coat bowiness, prettywell. But when the conductor said: " Can youswim,sir 7" 1 said, *' Yes !" " Can you swim in fourteenand Eve.Kttpectfnlly, F . W . E V A N S . 'Sliaker Village, New-Lebanon, Columbia County,Drought by cultivation. Still it fails to give satisfac- tion to those who know that there is a belter sort of grapes in the world. Tho Isabella is an improved Fox yrape, but it does not, in the very best seasons and favorable climate, ripen so as to make it entirely satis- factory. It was hoped that the Cat.iwba would supplyrthe deficiency felt by all the seekers a ter a betterFeb. 12, by tbe Rav. William Goodell, Mr. V> m. Henry Han- mer to Mies Henrietta Van Voorbls.I > E B I > . BEATTY—On Tuesday, Feb. K atSCOTIA, (now bn^ldini).Theee vesreln etrry a clear white Kght at mast-head; green onwhen he paid " take off your coat," that Beared mo, formation he can obtain from medical.men, no 79 havingbecause I hud put on a loose sack on purpose, for rea- many cases of email-pox under treatment, that there is the public have been disappointed. But tho Cum n, iu the 2oth year of Li* age.,;istsrboard bow; red on port bow. ..Wednesday, Feb.sons yon will see yourself. However,Ithoughtamoment andthen said, "No,tir; never heed the coat—I can swim as well with as without it!" " Very well," said the conductor, "your peril will be upon your own head. Now hold up vour right hand, sir!—take tbis life-preserver, and—." Here Le gave me a pusb, and I went over backward, and as soon as I alighted I went up again, flying—then down and up in the name -way, until I thought all my brains w©Te flyiug out of the top of my bead, and then every- thing Bwam round and round until I did not know any-thing at all, for 1 had fainted.The next place I found myself was in the ante-chamber, or rather just being led into the ante-cham-ber by two men, and I •aras first conscious that I musthave "been sitting in a bath-tub with my clothes on.I thhuk that the cool air brought me to mv senses.The two men looked very scared and sorry.I looked about for Mrs. Smith and Joe, but they had nk—-in fact as the great measure of the session. The begun hicr to be planted, andAMI A. LottCANADA, Lang.ARABIA, 8tor*eEPROP A. LeitchAFRiCA, Shannon....leovoN. York.... AMERICA, Millar leave Boston26 22 20.Wednesday, March 14Wednesday, March 21 .Berths not secured tiil paid for.Tbe iYieDds of tho family aie Invited to attend the funeral at MsI»to residence, Third avenut; und Ninety-first street, on Thurs- •i day afternoon at 3 o'clocs.leave N. Y ork.. .. Wedm»»da», Feb. leave Boston.... ..Wednesday, Fe}.ment.Thegas,itissupposed,isapowerful d!sinfectaut, and hence there is no contagion within the circle of its in- fluence. He says that a person burning gas may con- tract the disease abroad and take it home with, him, but it will not be communicated to any Other membersomothingbetter. It was thisinterestthat has pro- duced the Diana, the Anna, tbe Rebecca, tbe Delaware, and teveral other sorts, which are certainly far supe- rior to the Isabella or Catawba. One of tho more im- portant facts,to bo borne in mind in favor of the Dela- ware grape is that it ripeus two weeks earlier than the Isabella, and wi'l produce govd ripe fruit, where it cannot be obtained from either tbe Isabella or Catawba. Tbo quality of the fruit ia sufficiently certified by some of the best ama'cur grape editorials in this-country.funeral tbiH (Wednesday) afternoon at 2 o'clock, from tbe real- rdene©'of his sort. A. R. Djeit, No. 143 Lafayette avenue. FANSMAW—On Monday e^nlrg, Feb. 20, Daniel 'Fan.ah»w, in ! the Ttd year r.f bis age. ;leave N York... .Weduesday, March 7leave Boston.$110 00Jan. 14,1860. -SMAI.I.-POX—Is THIS A PACT ?—A gentleman of in-The owners of tbe^s ships will not be accountable for Gold, Silver. Bnllian, Sp*^ie, Jewelry, Precious Stonca or Metals, un- less balls of lading are siamed theT«for and the value thereof tker«in expressed. For fzeiibt or psassge apply toE/CUNARD, tip. 4 Bowbng OT^JL. JRTLAND and CANADA SBMI-WEEKLaLINE, via VICTORIA BRIDGE- Ths ftr»C-cU*s KSTow stessnshipsCHEBAJPEAKX. Cape Sidney CroweS,P A T A T8CO. ...Capt. L. H. Layfie'.d,mm leave Pier No. 13 North River, New-York, and Brov»*l WUrf, Portland, every WEDNESDAY and gATURDAY, at «"ulsci p. m. Rcnsxcg time, 86 houra.Passage, tnclndtng meals and stateroom, $8.These steamem connect with the Grand Trans Railway, \*ANEW-YORK AND ERIE RAILROAD.—Paa. Mt*r" OUR REMEDIES BY MAIL OR EXPRESS.of his family.»[St. John's Morning News.mFL VNN—At S t . Vincent's Hospital, on Monday, Feb. 20, Patrick Iflyiin, HKc'd 29 years.LUDKRS—In South Brooklyn, on Monday, Feb. 20, Charles E. ' Luders, esq., in the 24th year of bis age.tL&BMs ,#»••»••••••••••••••••••••-•••--••••••-•••••••••• Single boxes, with Directions as above, 25 cents, 50 cents, or $ 1 . Fer»ons who wish to place themselves under the professional • *W»7 to H. B. CItOMWKLZi h. Co., No. 86 Westrss. •are, or to seek advice ©? Prof. HUMPHREYS, can do so at hi. •ffloe, No. 563 Broadway, daily, from fi a. m. to 8 p. m., or byfone as soon as they heard the noise in initiating me. asked one of the men if Mr. Curtis was in the lodge. The man said he was. I said I would like to see huna minute. The man went into the lodge-room, and presently out came my beautiful husband, all muffled up. I juBt whispered a word or two in his car, and may be be didn't pull off hia gown and hood in abort order and walk homo with me.He left me that night in anper and mortification, and I have not seen him since. But then he had no need to he angry, becanse he has always known that I have been in favor of " Women's Rights," and have always held that women are as capable as men. But when it comes to the "Sons of Malta" I think "Women's Rights" is a failure; tiuy cannot do it. .1 do not sup- pope any of tbe members recollect my initiation, but they will rooJJect the man who fainted, unless thereS"rn the cheapest and most ezpeditU** freight line to Montr**! «wl. Quebecseen which is preferred by the public.TAKING THE RA«.ROA» TAX HARD.— The Browns- Mr C ivi: vACHexhibited a specimen of a vine trainedThe Express 'ftains connect at Elmira with the Canandaiguaw*4 Niagara Falls Railroad : at Binghsmton, with the SyracuseSLaOronA, at Coming, with tne Railroad for Rochester and rtuf-laio-i a* Great Bend, wiih the Railroad for S:ranton; and at Buf-*to aasd Dunkirk, with the Lake Shore Railroad, for Cleveland,•ahuiwnatf, T oledo, Detroit, Chicago, A c , and the Csnads Rail- ashle coratrrss. Thousands uso them with the most triumphantripen with the utmoet attention that I can give them. JOHN HARROMI—The same thing is true with ua at9***\ • ^ JUBOtbHUKUBh AwtiytisCLUS, MI NOT, GoneralSopt-iwtttss.. DR. F. HUMPDREYS Jk CoyX+ W Broadway, «*w-Xvitimight bring the matter to a legal teat in a higher vines in the city do not grow any better, is that theyV-PORT and FALL RIVER.—The splendid and *nperior mucous membrane of the throat, palate and nose, is indorsedMrs. Cnrtia stops here. Her husband, we may add, is >et wipriito, aud not YiTmily soon to turn rj|>, but she blomce herself for the whole thing.TON for BOSTON, PROVIDENCE-Lond Route—The- Head afou eating or drinking too freely.•hortest and most direct—Carrying the Eastern MailThe Steamers PL YMOUTH ROCK, Capt Joot Stone, and a T>»&Torit*».'«»*«*bir« R 3. t,»GRT win fewwVS*. VANDERBILT, Capt D. B. Stnrges, in connection with the York. MONDAY. March 5, connecting, via Panama Railroad, Stonlnxton and Providence, and Boston and Providenco Rail- w bh th- tt^mnMp CHAMPION. road* leaving New-York daily (Sunday excepted), from Pier No. Tb*NORTH STAR wall succeed the NORTHERN LIGHT, 3N. R. (first wharf above Battery-place), at 5 p. m., andSton-XJEW-Y0RK"AND HARLEM RAILROAD~plained the construction of his anti-freeziog Iron pump. In ordinary farm pumps the chamber of the pumps is placed bflow the platform. The house, or cistern pump, is prevented from freezing by an air chamber that surrounds the chamber in which the valves work. He also took the pump apart, and explained its con- struction, which gave great satisfaction to the audience. He also explained how, by attaching a hose to the nozzle, it operates as a small fire engine. jMr. HARROLK stated that he had one of the pumps, and 70 feet of hose, through which he can throw water with great ease.Mr. DOUGHTY of New-Jersey—I have one of these pumps, and I take out a little pine plug in the Fall, that lets the water that is above the platform fall back, and it never troubles me in the least about freezing.Insects on Fruit Trees.—Mr. SMITH of Lebanon, Ct., 6tated that be was well satisfied that a man of Massachusetts has invented a remedy for all insectsNumber remaining Feb. 11 Admitted1 ' l C U i i • i • • • * • • • • • • « • • • « • DischargedK<«iit to Penitentiary... Bent to State Prison..,Remaining Jan. 18, I860 Showinga decrease of.8,884 1,238.9,684 . 87.1,2271MFARE $2 to ALBANY. W E D N E S D A Y , January 18,w i l l, For Albany—9 a. m, Mail and 3:31'p. m., Express, connecting with the New-York Central Railroad.Returning, will leave Williamsbridge—6:40 and 9:30 a. m , 1 and 3:40 p. m.White Plains—5 and 7:20 a. m. and 4:50 p. m.Croton—7 a. m. Millerton—7 a. m.Albany—11 a. m. Mail, and 4:10 p. m. Express train.The D a m . Mail and 3:3c p. m. Express train connect at Chat-ham Four Corner* for al! stations onWwtfrn Railroad. Baggage checked for Mail and Express trains cor. Whit* and Centxe-sts., from 7 to 8:15 a. m., and from 1 to 2:40 p. m.NEW-JERSEY RAILROAD -^F^TlPHrLA-DELPH1A and the SOUTH and WEST, via JERSEY CITY.—Mail and Expr«fM» Lbies leave Now York at 7, 9. and 11 a. m., and 4 and Gt>. m.; fare $8 Througli Tickets sold for Cin- cinnati and the West; and for Washington New-Orleans, and the South, fee...and through baggage checked to Washington in 7 a. m. and 6 p. m. trains.J. W. WOODRUFF, Assistant Superintendent No baggage will be received for any trams unless delivered andOn andleave 26*th-st. Station, New-York, as follows:afterFor WUliamsbridge^—8:30 and 11 a. m., and 2:S0 ond8:30 p. m.Tor White Plains—12:30and 5:00 p m.For W'bite Plains—6:15 p. m. from White-et. Depot. For Croton Falls—4 p. m. Uom 26th-st. Depot.For Millerton—8 p. m. from 2fith-st Depot.. .SO1- -1.35S8,227 5710.—For Dyspepsia, Weak, Acid, or Dsranged Stomach, Con«tipotion. Liver Complaint11,—For Supprenaed Menses, or Scanty, or Painful, or Delaying, GTeen SicknetsIX—For Leucorrbeaor Whites, Bearing Down, too Pro-35 35 25My friendj will you hive the kindness 'although to you a stranger) to answer this inquiry, either publicly or privately, and as an eye-witness, give me an ac- count of what God is doing in Ireland, and of the means that are used, ami iuforoa me of what are the physical eftec's, the " notfily exercises."John N Gardner, Agent, Buffalo. WM.13.—For Cioup, Hoarse Croupy Cough, Difficult and Op- pressive Bro^thin?. .••••..•.•..••••••••.•••••••. 25MARRIED.Cold in the Head Influenza20^—For Whooping Cough, shortening and palliating it,cr Spasmodic Cough•••.•*..•*.••............«•• SI—For Asthma, Oppressed, Difficult, Labored Breath-ing, Cough, and Expectoration13—For Kr.r Discharges, Noise in the Head, Impaired1 A ^ S J L X I X J S T J » * A X i i ^ J i ) * * . sj • • • • • • • • • • • • » • • • • • • • • • • * • • • • •33—For Scrofu.'a, Enlarged Glands and Tonsils, Swell- ings, and old licet**£—For General Debility, Physical or Nervous Weak-t5—For Dropsy, Fluid Accumnlations,Tumid Swellings, • with Scanty Secretions3&—For Sea-Sickness, Prostration, Vertigo, Nausea, • *J J l * l t L2AJ t • • * * • • a • • • • • • • a • • • • • • s> «> • S> • • SVS> S • a • • • • • • • XT—For Urinary Diseases, Gravci, Renal Calculi, Diffi-cult or rainTul Urination33—For Seminal Emissions, Involuntary Discharges,5» 50505 45950545050fret of water ?" I taid, "Ye«! the deeper the better!"" Well, takt off your coat and try yourself!" Now, telligence and observation informs UP,from all the in-Horn Boattv of tbis city, aged 52 years and 11 months. 0-lifor,"«..Austral*. n u § European p*i>er*pl«a*« copy.100 She entire set, case of Twenty-Eight large vials, in morocco, andA STAY LAW IN MINNESOTA.—The House of Repre-sentatives of Minnesota, on the 3d mat., after an ani-mated diecussion, pasted the bill introduced by Mr. .The reaeon that we have not any as extcnrfvo vmo- Mellouoiigh, to extend the time of redemption in fore-closures of real estate to three years, and the paymentof interest annually on money so loaned. The bill was for gard.n culture has heretofore absorbed all the earnestly opposed by several members, on tbe groundof its unconstitutionality, and as eirrnently supportedby others a* a «reat measure for the relief of the pao •Isetrger Trains ]«*«« Pier foot of Duane-«t. as follows, via: g y W e send these remedies, by the singlo box or fall case, todaj b agOj we notietd the case,of a man who had hiahorfce levied upon by the Collector; but, inasmuch asno bidder for the animal could be found, he was re-turned him again, the tax gatherer not even makinghis expenees by the operation. This weel we have toannounce the seizure and sale of the Hon. W. Montgom-ery's library for railroad tar. The gentleman is one Hempstead, L. I , while Dclawares have riueuod per-RICHARDS—In this city, ou Tuesday, Feb. 21, Luthet mcbArus,"...' in the 54th year of his age. i . >•., The friends of the family are respectfully invited to attend hia, tfuneral thl* day, at 1 o'clock p. in., at bis late residence, N*. u 11Rutgers street. •,•.•>.,»/ Dedbam papers please copy. r , i•r-MlTH—At Waterloo, Seneea County, N.-Y.,, on!Friday, F-eb. 10, I860, of consumption, Mrs. Florence Smith. MUM of the { late Joseph Jay Smith, formeily of New-York City.SULLIV AN-In Brooklyn, on Monday, Feb. 20, of consumption*^ Mrs. J. Sullivan.WARNER-At South Youkers,on Monday moridta*,Feb.20. ' Miss Adeline B. Warner.la the 39th yew of ber age, <W A L T E R S - I n t h n i ' o i t y , on Monday Feb. 20. Annie, davigbte* it John wid. Mery Walters, aged 3 year, wid 4 months.DUNKIRK EXPRESS d T t m . , for Dunkirk, Buffalo, C*n- ssndaigu*, snd wineipal Immediate Stations.NEWBUROH EXPRK8S at 3:30 p. m , for N«wburgh, Mid- sBetown sad mtermediats Stations.NIGHT EXPRESS at 4i80 p m., for Dunkirk, Buffalo, Cansn- dajjrna, and principal Station*.any part of the country, by mail or express, fr*c of charge, onNo.. 1 to 15 are ana^dse No..lflto large size, and in making up a $2 or $1 case UiismuH be re- memberei. The viala are uniform in size snd Pnce, and in•ending for s vial csae no attention is necessary on this point. Look over the list, mkke np a ease of what kinds yon choose, and inclose the amount in a current note or stamps, by maU, to our address, at No. 563 Broadway, New-Y ork, and the medietasto give ratipfuctiou to thoee induced to adopt it.WM."8. CARFENTER-r-My place is 27 miles noth-east of ibis city, in a volley, not highly elevated above tide- water, and I cannot get my Isabellas and Catawbas to"Sff^Sbl'SSSUMand Consequent Prostration and Debility PRICE.MeFADTDEN—On Tuesday morninx. Feb. 21, ater a Ion* and painful illnens, which she bore with Christian-Uke fortitude. Mary Mcl-'addeu, a native of the County Sligo, Ireland, aired ti» years.The friends and relatives, also those of hor son, Michael McFad- don, are respectfully invited to attend her funeral on Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock, from her late residence, No. 47 Mott street. Her remains w 111 be taken to Calvary Cemetery tvr in- terment.PLOWS—Tn Brooklyn, on Snndny evening, Feb. 19| Sarah Elizabeth Plows, in tho 70th year or her age.PERINE—At Southfield, Staton Island, on Monday, Feb. 20, Simon S. Ferine, iu tbe 7"lh jrtar of his age.: -,*,Book of DirectionsCase of Twenty large vials, ia moroeco, snd Book of Di-rectionsCase of Twenty large vials, plain oa»e, and Book of Dires-tions.. ••Case of Fifteen boxes (No*. 1 to 15), and Book of Directions Case of any Six boxes (Noa. 1to 15), and Book of Direc-$7 005 004 60 3 00yards of these improved varieties as we have « " * " oellusand Catawbas, is simply because £ e demandwill be duly returned by mail or express.NO FAMILY or TRAVELER should be without these toval-fectly. *Mr. CAVKNACH—The reason that some of tho grape1359,T rains>••«•«•• * * • > • * •3AWOMANAMONGTHE SONS OFMALTA.Syraaite,F t b .A18,1860.1 oobill was pasted by a vote of 4G to 21.•miy?'J. PTM . I .^A o«/i the fruit will be mtro- duced into market i u « few years, and then it will beSthese "poor devils," who hadn't studied tho beau- tiful laws by which they are governed, if they, in•;:-'*>no rival in the fi*ld. Not 15 Beekmon-stPrice 25 cents.Sold by druggists. DopotPROORESS versus ROUTINE.QUERU'S COD LIVER OIL JELLY, Patented Aug. 30, 1859,-BLATCHFORD, SEW ARD f22 1aw6WW* ,& GRISWOLD, PloiritifPa Attorneys.^MPW* «.>..«. *"». /H:..H>;;;'V''U^$&,-•&NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1860.Steamboats atib Baiitcab©.F)R B O S T O N and P R O V I D E N C E , via N E W - cough, coid, inflnenzjv and hoa'seneea, and all irritations of theP JJBLIG MEETINGS.AMERICAN INSTITUTE FARMERS' CLUB.Algeria Products.—ExperienceWINTER ARRANGEMENT—Commencing Dec 79,1859.— the office of ROCKWELL EMERSON, No. 82 Woll-st., in.the This contumacy heing reported to the House, an at- not succeed in Ageria. The mulberry and silk-worm,Leave.New-Y ork for E*ston and intermediate places, from foot City of New-York, on or before the nineteenth day of April next.ef Courtlandt-st., at 8 a. m., 12 m.. and 4:10 p.m. For Somer- —Dated Now-York, the 18th day of October, 1851».in particular, of which great hopes were entertained,tempt was made to prevent the investigation by repre- are very nearly a failure/ 8o or several others of the question dmcuseed.yille by the above trainit, and at 5:30 p. m.From Pier No 2 North Rivor, at 7:30 and 11:30 a. m. and 3:30p. m. for Easton and intermediate stations; for Somerville by the above trains and at 4:30 p.m.©18 law€mW*senting it as inquisitorial, and certain members of the majoriy were induced to denounce a simple and proper iiquiry into the management of this delicatemost common products of France.Photography for Farmers.—Mr. BURNS read a paper highly recommending the use of photography for• •TEN GOVERNORS.This Board met yesterday afternoon at the RotundaTbe 12 m train from foot of Courtlandt-st., and the 11:30 a. m. from Pier 2 N. R. make a cloce connection at Easton with theto the right of tnecitize», and subversive of the Bill destructive insects-that infest our farms and destroy sentees were Governors Gunther, Townsond, and W.at the foot of Canaf-tt., to WM. H. WtCKH AM.K B.—Letter* to all parts of California will be taken by Lehigh Valley Raihoad, and theuce via East Pennsylvania Rail- persons having claims against OSCAR W. STURTEVANT, of R'ghts." Lcvite, pass by on tne other side," but, like men UPREME COURT.—County of Putnam.— with hearts in their bosoms, come to the rescue ofCHARLES A. G. DEPKW, Plaintiff, against CHLOECOLE, Zillie Howes, H. Hopkius Cole, Isabella Cole, EdwinCole, and Cyrus Chase, Defendants. Summons for reliof.—Com. not seived. To tho defendant, EDWIN COLE: their extremity find themselves at tbe seat of Govern- You ore hereby summoned and required to answer thecomplaint in this ac\ion, which was filed in the Office of theClerk of the County of Putnam at Carmel, in said County, onthe Srth day of February, 1860. and to serve a copy of youraasworto tbe said complaint ou the subscribAr, at his office, in the VU-lage of PeekskUl, in tbe Count} of Westchester, within twentydav s after tbe service of tbii summons on you, exclusive of theday of su^b service; and if yon fail to answer the said com-Bellevne HospitalLunatic A sylum Alma-HouscPenitentiaryIsland Hospital, Tm Work-HouseIsland Hospital,from Alms-1,036 Randall's Island Hospital. 386 719 City Prison 863 2,010 Second Diatriet Prison.... 6 771jThird District Prison 5 Fourth District Prison.... 1 2i!5 Colored Home 895 [Colored Orphan Asyl 180will rpply to the Court for the relief demanded in tho complaint. such outrages as your article refers to, and also for a Dated, Februerv 6, 1860.trough filkd with salt bitterns water, that catches and kills all that gets into it. The "iron troughs cost from 50 centtj to $1 50 each.JOHN HARUOLD utated that this plan will not cure the curculio, as that is a flying insect; and is ia becom- ing more and more destructive, not only to plums, but pears, peaches, &c. He mentioned a case of two plum-trees that grew fruit perfectly until a belt of for- est-trees that sheltered them was cut down, and then the cureulio attacked these trees and has since de- stroyed all the fruit.SIXTH ANNUAL CONVENTION OF THE LAKE UNDERWRITERS.The associated Lake Underwriters aud others en- gaged in the Lake business, are now in session in this city, in tbe rooms of the New-York Board of Under- writers, in the insurance Building, Wall street, by kind invitation of the New-York Board.DKI.RGA TK8 PRKSXHT.William Pteward, British American Assuranoe Company ofToronto. C. W.William J. Whaling, Commercial Insurance Company, Mil-waukee.A. F Willmarth, Home Insurance Company, N-w-Y ork.Stephen Crowell, Phenix Insurance Company, Brooklyn, N.Y. Rienerd Oakley, Arctic Insurance Company, New-Y ork. William 11. Windsor, Corn Exchange Insurance Company,New-Y ork.J. R. St. John, Lamar Tn*uraece Company of New-York.H. C. Walker, General Agent,. Buffalo.George W. Rounds, Agent, Chicago.Sidney L. Rood, Merchant and Traders Insurance Company,Milwaukee.Gilbert K. Currie, Now-York.O. Alexander, Phoiuix Insurance Company, Milwaukee.J. A. Helfenatein, United State* Insurance Company, Mil-waukee.John D. Jones, Atlantic Mutual Insurance Company, New-Y ork.Ellwood Walter,• Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company,New-Y ork.A. B. Neilson, Sun Mutual Insurance Company, New-York. John Siuc'air, Mutual Insurance Company, Toledo, Ohio. JamcB Deveau, Mutual Insurance Company, Toledo, Ohio. Wm. H. Barse, Agent, Detroit.J. W . Strong. Agent, Detroit.H. B. Wilbbarth, A'g«Mjt, Chicago.M. Babcock, Ascnt, Albany.C. C. Carlton. Agent, Cleveland.A. Davidson, .Coteau Landing, C. W .O. II. 8rown, Agent. Oswego, N. Y.C. F. TJhlhum, Resolute Insurance Company, New-York. Iiutac C. Bates, Boston Inland Mutual Insurance Comjtajoy,Boston, Mass.Geoise H. Hait, Quaker City Insurance Company, Philadel-phia, Pa.E. Townsend. Milwaukee City Insurance Comp'y, Mllwaokee. D. F. Curry, Republic Insurance Company, Now York.I). P . Dobbins, Of neral Ag^nt, Buffalo.Jam*s A. Alexander, General Agent, New-York.. A. P . Dow, General Agent, ^Ktna Insurance Company o'Hart- ford, ut Buffalo.~ •• -www.fultonhistory.comUntitled Documentin the Board of Supervisors, as reported in the accountlic in relation to Mummy Wheat. Numerous experi- ments, made under the auspices of the Academy of Science, have proved that the grains found in the encas-ment of this Democratic country. I second your mo-tion with all my heart, to go for a removal of the seat ofHouse Work-HouseSmall-Pox Hospital Randall's Island..mm.96 Children at nurse.... 316Government to some more human sphere, unless these1,158 City Cemetery, 10 "S421 Total*«•«•••••;««ao8,388abominable statutes can be wiped from the statutebook of Washington', D. C. I nope the RepublicansThe Board then adjourned.plaint within the time aforesaid, the plaintiff in this action tion of decent Democrats enough to put a quietus to that climb trees. Tho trees are encircled with an iron,try to begin at once a reform of these abuses.A few days since we cilled attention to the fact thatgreat excitement existed in Zanesvrlle, Ohio, with re-gaxd to the disappearance of a Mr. C'tvti«, who, it wassaid, had divulged the secrets of tbe Sons of Malta,and had been spirited away by the members of theOrder, to the great distress of his family and the aston- Dec. 10, of The Spiritual Telegraph, was published building fiAti, without any benefit. tishment of the public at large, who scarcely knew a letter addressed to you by Dr. Carson of Ireland, on Gypsum.—The CHAIRMAN read a papor ombodyingFOR SAVANNAH and OTHER"POINTS a« are the ready aid of the parent or nurse, aad the comfort of theayLOAV.— r hc first-clasaiteamihip ALA8A3IA, Capt. Goo. oomploining and invalid.R. Schenck, will leave on SATURDAY, Feb. 25. at 3 p.m., They possess these positive advantages: They are harmleea— turBs out now that the expose which gave such offense the Iriuh Revival. In a subsequent number is pub- subject of gypsum in agriculture, and its benefits to from Pier No. 4 N.R. Through tickoU can be had for the fol- ao injury can ariae from their use. They are simpbs—yon alwaysknow what U take, and how to take it- They are convenient- sou can give th« prope; Sogar Pills at a moment's warning, with- out hesitatian or delay. They ar« efficient—in thousands of o^es disease is arrested at once, and the system freed without piofctra- tton or delay.LIST OFHUMPHREYS'S SPECIFIC HOMOEOPATHIC REMEDIES.Price of 8ingle Boxes—cents. S^PECfAL7 NOTICE.—For SAVANNAH and Ne. L—For Fever, Congestion, and Inflammation—Heat,whattothinit ol the "boldness of the proceedin?. It a great deal of information found in books upon, the to the Order, was not writcen by Curtis, hut by his lished a letter by myself, addressed to Dr. Carson, re- particular crops. He stated: It will always be foundlowing places:T o New-Orleans,questing further information respecting " thjj physica1 gives it as ber opinion that the Sons are not to blame " manifestations of the Irish Revival." Since the pub- lor h:s disappearance. lication of that letter, I have noticed in THE N. Y.a valuable application upon lagumiuous plants, clover, &c. The time selected to spread plaster is important. It should be applied when the vegetation is green and$3?) 75;Mobile,$ 3 5 ;Montgomery $ 2 5 ; Chattanoo/a, $25; lis. $31 J5; Au- >or freight andwife, who comes out "?ith an avowal of the fact, andpassage, apply at No. 13 Broadway.^ ^ ^ . SAM'L L. MITCHILL k SON.Mrs. Curtis writes a very amusing account of Mr. TRIBU.SK a statement that you had arrived in the moist, about 200 pounds per acre. He stated shat one application ef 300 pounds per acre showed its effectsCurtis and a M'. Smith becoming bone of Malta, and United States, having landed in Philadelphia, and four j ears after. Plaster is a valuable substance toBaggage checked to all the above points.the natural curiosity ol herself and Mrs. Smith to 11ud have been-holding meetings in that city which wereapply to manure heaps to prevent the ^ac-jpe of ammonia On certain soils tbe increase of growth of clover and grass has been very remarkable after an application of gypsum, or plaster, as it is generally called. Plaster does not supply the place of organic manures, nor does it answer a Rood purpose upon wet_out the Excreta of the order. The two ladies agreed to have themselves proposed as members, and got Mrs. Smith's bousin to attend to the matter. " Well," Mrs. Curtis goes on to say "we were proposed aud elect-intensely interesting, from the fact that you were giv- ing your immense audiences jjrst that kind of informa- tion which we were so anxious to obtain through theOTHER POINTS a« BELOW.—The fir.t-.;l*-H steamship Pain, Restlessness.••••••••••-.•••.........*..... 25FLORIDA, Cap*. J. CTOwell, wid leave on THURSDAY, Feb 23, at 3p.m- from pier No. 4, N. R. Through tickets cm behad for the following places:To N*w-Oib«au», $39 75; Mobile, $ » : Mootgomery, $2*;Columbns, $21: Albany, $23; Atlanta, *2l: Clja't^ioogn. $25; Xa»ov»n« $27 73: Knostville, $25 50; Memphis, $31 75; Au- pnsta, $17 50; Macon, $20; Savmnah, $15. For freight and na~«4n aovlv at No. 13 Bros^way.P*~»i<e, *PV>7 SAM'L L. MITCHILL L. SON. Baggage checked to all the above points^F~0B SAVANNAH and FLORIDA.—The Amer-lean Atlantic Screw Steamahip Company's new and favorita Sveamsbip MONTGOMERY, Wm. C. Berry commander, will ieave T*T NO.12N. R., on SATURDAY, Feb 25.at3 o'clock p in. Pa»swg*> to Sevannah, v/ith Hn»nrp*-M«l »".;fl,i.n,o,l»iioo«,$>5. Throoi^b tickets to N«*w-Orleans, *3»"5; to Mobile, «J35; M^ipphis $^175; NastvUle, $27 75; Knoxville, $25 50; Chat- ta^ousa, $ift; Montgomery $ 2 5 ; Albauy, $ 2 3 ; AtlauU, $ 2 1 ; Colombo*. $21; Macoa. $20; August*. Sl7 50. Also, to prin- opei plaeea in F>rida at lowest rates. Freixht 10 cents per foot. liMonnce ene-baJf per cent No ri<»x taken under ifcW. Appiy v o ^ H.B. CROMWELL 6c Co., N>. M Wett-st.ri^HE" BRITISH and NORTH AMERICAN3.—For Worm Fever, Worm Colic, Vorajious Appe- tite, Wetting the Bed.».—For Colic, Teething, Crying, and Wakefulness, Slow Growth, and Peebiensss of Infanta4.—For Diarrhea of Children or Adults; Cholera Infan- tum, and Summer Complaint.................... 256._Kor Dysentory or Bloody Flax, CoEo, Griplngs,Bilions Colic, Fell Dysentery ••"•;8.—Kor Cholera, Cholera Morbus, Nausea, and Vomit- faar, Asthmatic Breathing...2525were and told us, so we hurried through with I beloi-g to the Shaker Society of New-Lebanon, lands. He also recommended the use of coal-ashes, at the dressing, and went up to the ahte-cham^er and owing to tbe peculiar religious faith of the Sh ikers,and eat down all in a row. We had n't sat there every moving of " the waters of life" that is real, not the rate of 45 bushels per ac?e up m grass, lie thinks%—For Coughs. Cilds, Hoarseness, Bronchitis, Influ- enza, and Sore Throat.•••.•..••;•.••••«.......•• 25ft.—For Toothache, Foceache, Nervous Pains, NeuraJ- jrja, audTicDoloroux...; 25R—FcrHcsd&chce, Sick Hcaiachea, Vertigo, Rush of Blood to the Head.•..••••«.••*•••••••••..••••••• 25long before two men came out to us, from^ the inside man-made or imaginary, is of exceedingly great in- room, all multled up in gowns, and having a kind terest to us.it also a valuab o application to gardens. Gas lime w recommended only ro far an plaster-will be beneficial. He stated that he applied plaster last year to 35 acres of pota oca, but saw no advantage to the crop. Plaster does not hasten decomposition, it absorbs all offensive gases. <Mr. SMITH of Connecticut stated that, upon one of hia farms, plaster is very beneficial upofll all crops, while upon another farm piaster is of no advantage. In that State generally it is advantageous to the potato crop.2525 ed, and Joe came down into the stwo where we agency of Dr. Carson.v *' ia M V-A -w.JOSEPH DONNELLY, ROCKWELL EMERSON,Administrators.IN PURSUANCE of an order of the Surrogate and important public trust as a proceeding dangerous farmers, totake the likenesses of a great many of the —President B. F.PINCKNEX- in the chair. The ab^of the Couuty of New-York, notice is hereby given to al)road to Reading, without change of cars, and connects at Read- late of the City of New-York, counselor-nt-law, deceased, to Regarding this movement to suppress an investiga- ing direct for Pottaville arid Huriisburg. present the samo with vouchers thereof to the subscriber, at theour crops.T. Pinkney."W«»n«, Fargo k. Co.*s and Freeman fc Co.'s JCxpreaaos by the«e Xeaiuera. ,TLANTICKOYALMAIL,STEAMNAVI- roadwillieaveNew-YorkatKa.in.fromfootConrtlandKit.,or onorbeforethetwenty-fourthdayofMaynext.—DatedNew- CATION COMPANY'S NEW-YORK AND GALWAY 7:30 from Pier 2 N. B. only; for Lehigh Valley Railroad at 8 and York, the 22d day of November, 1859.ItlNE.— The next departnre horn New-York will be the apten- dl<i and powerfnlsteamahip PRINCE AL.KKRT, Capt. Nicholas pTowse, which will leare on THURSDAY, March 1, I860, touch- ing at St John's, N. V., to reoeivei the royal mula. Tais ve»selhas been greatly improved, at a large otttUy; her accommoda- tion* have been increased, and the 1* BOW one of the finest and &b>te«t *ta*ir>«rs afloat.Pxica* or PAA-A^X—First ehuss. $90 and $75: third, $30, in- ahading free tickets to m&ny of the principal cities on the main mOmay rentes of Gieat Bmxdn «nd irelind. Third claas canstSovide pla*e. knife, fork t c . and bedding. Passenzers to St. hn's, mat f.U««. $35 and $4C. PasHage in ih* third clasa can be »»«nTed to bring persons omt from Galway for $30. Fotfrmght or pajtca-e apply only toALEX. HOLLAND it Co.,Agents for the line, No. 64 Broadway.WEEKL Y COMMUNICATION bv STEAMbetween NEW-xORK and LIVERPOOL, calling at QTJ~K35N5TOVVN, Ireland, to '*nd sad embark pas*eng**« and Jbnatehaav- eazzying :L- Grated] States MaiLTheLiverpooLNew-Y ort and Philadelphia Steamship Com- pany's spiendtd Cryde-bnUt iron Screw Steamship* a:e in^mdedOn motion of Mr. OLIVER the sum of $100 was ap- Passengers for the Delaware, Lackawanna, and Western Rail- Ocean Bank, No. 197 Greonwich-st., in the City of New-York, tion instituted without my knowledge as improper, aud that a paper has been prepared by Mr. Acrigg of Pat- propriated to enable the children of Randall's Island12 a. m. from foot of Courtlandt-fet., aud at 7:30 and 15:80 a m. n23 lawomW . D. RUDOLPH MARTIN, Executor. rem Pier 2 N. R. only. JOHN O. STERNS, Superintendentlikelytoinjurethepartythatassumedsucharespon- erpon,whichwillbepublishedinthetransactionsof tocelebrateinabecomingmannerWashington'sBirth- sibility, I ventured to suggest as much in a letter from the Institute, giving a greater amount of information day.A communication was received from the Warden of Randall's Island, appointing Jas. M. Gevney farmery injilace of Wm. Mefvin, reoioved.Mr. DUC.RO made some objection to the removal,asserting that it was done on political grounds, andthi'i has everheen embodied in any paper heretofore HUDSON RIVER RAILROAD~^From Dec. IN PURSUANCE of an order of the Surrogate of tion, but the Committee was aliowed to proceed with upon green sand marl.Albany. The suggestion excited a storm of indigna-the County of New-York, notice is hereby given to all person* the investigation, and it resulted in showing that bv Mr. PARDEE said the point upon which we want in- 22,18-"»9. Trains will leave Chambers-at. Station as follows : Having claims against HENRY ROBINSON, lute of tho City o/ an arrangement with the Erie and Central RailroadE>preo« Trains 7 and 11 a. m. and 4:30 p m.; for Sing Sing, 3:45 anc6:40p. m.; for ?ouahkeepsic 7:30 a. m. and 12:20 and 3:20 p. m.; for Pee.ktkill, 5:15p. m. A Montreal and Buffalo Paasen- 5er Train (v/ith sleeping; cars) leaves 31st-it daily at 9:30 p. m.'he Ponghi eepsle, PeekA£)li and Sing Sing Trains <*top atmo«t of the W»v Nations. Passengers taken at ChanaberH, Canal, Chris- topher aad 31iit-hte. Triins for New-Xork leave Troy atC:15 and 10:10 o. m., and at 4 and 9p. m, avid Albany abont 15 miuutes Uter. On Sunday, at 6:15 p. in.A F. SMITH, Superintendent.New-York, deceased, to present tho samo^with vouchers thereof, Companies 20 per cent of all- the tickets sold ia the formation is where to apply this fertiliser, since, in to the subscriber, at hi" office, No. 90 Broadway, in the City some eases, it has not proved a valuable application.of New-York, on or beforo the twenty-fourth day of May next.— Garden were paid over to a private association, of He stated a case, corroborated by the Ch'airman, of its that a man had been reinstated who had once beforeDated New-York, the 22d day of November, 1859. n231aw6mW : JOHN BOWSE, Executor.whom Mr. Kennedy was understood to be one, to bo divided among them, afer defraying the; expenses of transporting the emigrants and baggage to aud from theapplication by Samuel Stevens, late of Long Island, been removed.where the land was injured rather than benefitted. One or two motions were made on the subject, batFlower Culture by a Farmer's Wife.—SOT.ON ROB- were finally withdrawn, and the paper ordered on file.INSON read the following letter from Mrs. C. J. Pen- A communication was received from the Warden ofTN PURSUANCE of an order of the Surrogate Garden.X of the County of Oiange, notice i* hereby given, according t« law, to all persons having claims against the estate of JESSE SCoFlELD, late of Hie town of Montgomery, in said county,I made no comment, on the arrangement, which oyer of Sharon, Dutchess County, and commended it the Alms-Honse, complaining that a great many per-spoke for itself. -The evidence taken before the Com- to the attention of other farmer's wives, particularly sons, while inj a very sick and even dying condition,18(50 THE PENNSYLVANIA 1860 deceased, that they are required to present the same, with the mittee was not allowed to come before the public, but that portion of it which speaks of saving seeds. It is were sent to that institution from Bellevue Hospital,CENTRAL RAILROAD.GREAT DOUBLE-TRACK ROUTE.The capacity of tho- Roud is now equal to any in the country.THE GREAT SnORT LINE TO THE WEST. Offiee No. 2 Artor House, Broadway.Facilities for the transportation of Passengers to and from Cin- eiuiibti, Chicago, St. Louis, St Paul, Nashville, Memphis, New- Orleans, and all otter ton-us in tbe West. North-west and South- west, are uni»urpa»»eo for i>p*«*d and comfort by any route.Through trains for the West leave Wew-Yora (foot of Court- landt-st ), Morning Ex Pr **v7a. m.; Evening Express, 6 p.m.Sleeping and smoking-cars on all trains.Fsre always a*.low, and Jhe timti as quick, as by any other route.By this route Freights of all desoripllious c*n be forwarded to and from ai.v point en the railroads of Ohio, Kentucky, Indiana, llliuois, Wtscunaln, Iowa, or Missouri. BY RAILROAD DI- RECT, or :o cuy port on the navignble rivers of the West, by atearr.rrafrom Pittsburgh.The rotes of Freiubt to and from any point of tho West by the Pennsylvania Rai.'rnod are at'all times as favorable as are chargedproper vouchers thercdf, to the subscribers, the executors of the the real character of the transaction was pretty fully from that that all improvement must come. and died there withm a fewdajs atter admission.of faro.J. L. ELLIOTT, Pasjengor Agent, No. 2 Astor House. LEECH it Co., Freight Agents,No. 2 Aster House, and No. 1 South WDliam-B't. McDONALD 4c BISCHOFF, Emigrant Agents,No. Jl Battery-plac*. THOMAS A. SCOTT, General Sup't, Altoona, Pa.t:ity and County of New-Y ork, at the City Hall in tho City of New-York, and to eorvo a oopy of your annwor to the said amended complaint, on the subscribers, at their office, No. UO Nhcuuu-stret-t. in the City of New-York, within twenty days a'ter the service of this summons on you. exclusive of tho day of such service; and if you fail to answer the sold amended com- plaint within Cm time aforesaid, the plaintiff iu this action will apply to t«e Court for the relief demanded in tho amended edm-piaint.—Dated February 20th, 1860.BLATCHFORD, SEW ARD & ORIS WOLD, Plaintiff's Attorneys, No. 29 Nas«au-«t., N. Y . .N. B.—The amended complaint in the above action was filed- in the office of the Clerk.of the City and County of New-York on the 20th day oT Februarv, A. D. I860.rational sort of a Democrat, and in favor of fan- play all around, and particularly between the North and South.I am convinced by the historical facts recorded in your article referred to that the basest, the meanest, themost inhuman, unjust, and undemocratic laws which can be exhumed from the records of the darkeit age our country has witnessed, can find men in the panoply of officials mean enough to watch for an opportunity to execute them; and the poor and unsuspecting .victim is mulcted in fines big enough to send him into perpetual Slavery, unless some good Samaritans like Messrs.Potter and Covode shall, not like "the priest and theattempts to grow camelias in warm rooms.Mr. CAVENACH—If the lady will keep her cameliasecuring a like appropriation from the Common Council, if in the judgment of such Committee it may be desirableThe C H A I R appointed as such Committee, Messrs. Smith, Brueninghausen and Dugro, and on motion, tbe President was added.Inst will end testament of said deceased, at the office of SCO- FIELD, CAPRON, fc Co., in the village of Waldcn, in the siid town of Montgomery, or at the offiee of WILLIAM H. SCO- FIELD, No. 39 Willium-st., in the City of New-York, on or be- fore the 1st day of Septembor next.—Dated Keb 11,186D.understood. If the course pursned by me in thesematters have provoked tbis uneaUed-for abuse on his1 have read with much interest tho discussion nt the Farniei's' Club, nni b^ing a Rieat lover of flowers, I have fonnu aome hints whteh I com.ider of so much importance I have cat tbemont andThere were even cases where persons died on the way or within a few days after admission. The Warden represented that it was an act of inhumanity to s^nd people in a sick or dying condit:on from a proper hos- pital to an institution provided purely for old and in- firm people, who, by some misfortune or casualty, areV? AMERICAN FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY againstLEATHAN WILSON and ANN WILSON his wife, Alexan- .To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.Whereat, The late John Ross, esq., has made a bequest of the instruction of pauper children, provided the City of Wowpart, iLis proper the motive should *be understood. Inave no'controversy with Mr. Kennedy. Friendship eiven them u place in my scrap book. Being a farm*:r'u wife, andf!5TN PURSUANCE of an order of the Surrogate of in office, or soliciting pecuniary jobs. With such men used it to sprinkle on the vines to expel the bujrs, and haive al- unable to support themselves. The present over-maiy, 1860.HZ lawfmWedS U P R E M ESIMEON GUTMANN, ) T . „ „ ( m LAZARUS GOLDSTEIN, 5 "•cutors.COURT, New-York.—The NORTHHUMANRIGHTS DISTRICT.I, lej«t Fall, purchased a Camelia; I kept it in my sitting room,the buds grew finely, the upper bud began to expand, and just MI thought I should have a splendid flower it blasted. 1 then re-moved it to a room whero the air was less he-ited. and two othorbuds began to open iincly, but before they had half expanded,they «o*m<rd to have remained stationary, and now they are $300,1:00 for tbe purpose of forming an azricltural school forA U G U S T U SV.of tin hats on their heads which covered their faces.Tfcey asked us for $5 each; and Joe handod over tbemoney for us and himself, as we had given him nearlyour amounts, and promised him the rest soon Thenthere came two more men like tho other two, whoformed us into a lice (they call it single file), and told usto walk right along. They had swords, and one ofthem walked before Joe, who was in front, while theother walked behind me. It was dark, or nearly BO, Pentecost ?when we passed in. I was glad of the darkness, be- If you could make it convenient to visit us, be as- eause, having on a *>uit of my husband's clothes I was surfdihaL you woul|d meet with a kindly welcome not sure that they fitted very well." from a body of spiritual-minded men aud women, whoShe next describes some of the scenes inside as she are not strangers to the wonderful ways of the Ivord inpaw them, and says: I was not frightened; for I am his dealings with the poor, lost children of old Adam probably, the very highest point to which it can be HANMER-V AN VOORHIS-In this city, •&?*•»£•**%£%>Do the people "shake" and "eWgger aud reel like drunken men," as men " filled with new wine," as atSTEW ARD,President.no house in the city where gas is burned, of the ordinary interest taken in the cultivation of tbe Isabella consumption, in which the disease has yet found lodg-. and Cat&wba grapes has awakened an interest forDYKTT—Jn Brooklvn. on Tuesday, Feb. 21, Mr. Mlehael Dyett, in the 74th year of his ane.Thorolativos"andfriendsofthefamilyare invited toattend MsucouDly feem determined to oiler, at le*st> a passive imr and*long extension of the vine, and showed resistance to the collection of a railroad tax. A few wlWcin the uystcm was erroneous, and not cdeulalodmville (Pa.) Tivies sayB: "The people of Washington by a Mr Snydam of Brooklyn, by a system of layer-oi the most steadfast opponents of the impost in the com ty, and permitted his books to go to sale that her*Court. Wh*t the reuult will be, remamfl to be seen."Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069axe eutaraled. all Winter with soap i suds and kitchen•Jv.; :•'•,.«aof its proceedings, requires some explanation; and asNo. 618 Broadway, up etnlrn.. Mr. Kennedy did not make any, i% remains for me to ings of mummj8 will not vegetate. The grains that u^&u^tl? a discussion of the general subjoet by th, Club,Treasury, nor am I aw are that it has any claims upon thatlheDresentuiodeofrearinirand planting fmit-treo* coonot is the only remedy for consumption and all kindo of cougha. It me. My relations with the Supervisor have been gives an account of a disease that is destroying the loDe be depended upon. 1 could wish, therefore, that tbe Fann-TENFOLD, P ARKER fc MO WER,No. 15 Beekman-st., wholesale agents.the pods of which are two feet long,.and very produc-IU ADVANCE of the UNITED STATES alltheearly morning linesconnecting NorthandEast. Passen- Pramature Decay, Ace.; supplying, at the same time, the means of grnfling, into pm»ll pieces.been characterized by any feelings either of friendship or enmity. It has, indeed, happened that lost Winter I felt bound to oppose the granting of valuable railroadspreading, and affects the crop most upon black,"moist soil."Whether the present system of cultivation of frnit-treca is not injurious to their constitution and permanent health."I refer particularly to the practice of forcing tb^ growth of tbe The bamboo, from China, is now successfully culti- ' stook and young tree after grafting, by high manuring, f alio re- vated on the Rhone. ' fer to the practice of U3ing scions in i grafting from youur, rwpid'v A new bean has Ittely been introduced into France, growIng,nurseiy trees, who<*e wood i- not well ripened, instead of takir.g them from old, bearing trees, whose woodU of ojatur* places in advance of those by other rentes^ and in ample time for •and a caution to young men who suffer from Nervous' Dobility, that Mr. Kennedy was one of the incorporators seek- tive. growth. I also rofi'.r to the practice of diridlog roots, [n roovMAILS! » :•••-».. A gers that prefer it remain en board tho steamer, enjoy a night's Eelf-Ctsre, by one who cured himself, after having been put to ing thote grants. Again, Mr. Kennedy is the manag- California birds of soveral sorts have been intro- The wimc objection seems to me to lie against tbe proaent rood-4the " a m . train, connecting at Providence with the 11 a. m. train for Botton.Fare ftom Providence to Newport 50 cents.A Baggage Master accompanies the steamer and train through each way.For passage, berths, state-rooms, or freight, apply on board the steamer, or at tho freia.ht-o2ice. Pier No. 2 North River, or at the office of the Company, No. 15 Battery-plaee.copies may be had of the author, NATHANIEL MAYFAIR, esq. r Bedford. East Brooklyn, King* County, New-York, by In- closing a post-paid addressed envelope-%z%pXNotices.fttctorily. and manures.Castle Garden, and some suspicions having arisen in Dioscorca batatcs is found to be a naiive of South Remedy for HIARug Pent—A letter from Jackson,relation to the sale of tickets to emigrants, the Assem- America at well as China. There are several varieties, Michigan, states that the du?t of a flooring mill smutT N PURSUANCE of an order of the. SurrogateCENTRAL RAILROAD OF NEW-JERSEY^- JL of the County of New-York, notice ia hereby given to all per" Committte, he refused to answer except with the as- wellin a coiderregion.Connecting at New-Hampton with tho Delaware, Lacka- sons having claims against CATHERINE DONNELLY, alias sietance and advice of counsel, inquiries as to theraah-wanna and Western Railroad, and at Easton with the Lehigh KATE O'DONNELL, late of the City of New-York, deceased, agemen; of an important puolic trust specially under European products, such as are common in France, do Va»-y Bnilrond. to present the some, with vouchers thereof, to the subscribers, at the guardianship and care of tho State government.bly, in 1S58, ordered an inquiry to be made into theand some of the tubers equal to any found in Chini machine, sown upon bug-infested plat ts, will preventThe next meeting will be held on Monday, Feb. 27, i nd the subject of Spring crops generally will be in order.Tbe attendance to-day was, as it has been every, week of late, large, and composed of both men ana women, who appear to take a deep interest in thoISome of the varieties of this p ant grow 200 pounds the thermometer ranges usually above 60°, and notmatter.Upon the appearance of Mr. Kennedy before theclosing up. Could any one show the cause and a remedy, I should Sm: Your article in yesterday's DAIL Y TRIBUNE, be highly gratified.Mr. P ARDEE stated that it was almost impossible togrow camelias in the dry atmosphere of our stove-The Green SandMarl.—-TheSECRETARYstatedh a sp r o v e dt h aheated rooms. The same result follows almost all the intention of the donor in the establishment of t>uch scbool, andinthe neighborhood of 40°, she will be able to get perfect flowers.a room where tbe temperature is pretty evenly iuA Farm Pump.—J. D. West exhibited and ex- The weekly statement is as follows:Grape Culture.—ANBRKW B. F U L L E R spoke uponthis subject, in answer to Dr. Underbill's remarks at DOUGLAS—H0O3LAND In Brooklyn, on Toeotar, Feb. the last meeting. The great perfection to which the 21, by the Rev. John A, Paddock, Percy Doughu to Juru « . , Messrs. Underbill have brought the Isabella grape is, dausnter oi the late A. C. Hoogland, esq.i.!grape—in fact, a perfect . one. But in this CURREN—Iu this city, on Monday, Feb. 20, Baitholome*rp'anVflthat could be produced. Vineyards sufhoient to P upplyihe great demand for these varieties arc. nowD.P .DonniKS,Secretary.  