 'ABMn "Gairri^ died atrun was 40 his ;AJf., BarnegUbeattag Indiamaifftapt. ^mith,miles,814DSLLBERATE ATTUPT AT MCRDER.—AboUt9Company, «-as accidentally shot in the breast, yester- Onlys.. coal,kewas doly» ^"='>tenslonof two men, named Mroa»n.J.CAam andFloub at $5 60 for extra State. ^ark unchanged,The;Michigan,lots,at$1BrigNyaaa, (Br.,) Campbell, Windsor, N. 8., with,Ckarek>c:«iacadvertisements that they were going to settleBROOKLYNNEWS.Mukclts by T4l«glrmph.OiwMO, Saturday, Oct. 27—6 P. M.cotton to HcCraadjr,Mottk ft. '^'*''««<tt, s dB..«ia—Ship Martha, Lane; Boston 3 d°*' i. w „ wllfloadfbr Enroee. ''"«11mi u>Ne'ff-'S'ork''E<i«nf«lJc«': ^UiaoMToplca. every montli. The proceedings, which were not ccn- ?S?Jf.?i »"",','"? S'*"**"?' H«>k and Ladder cess yesterday morning. Before the toxt waspcayer tliinga,«n appealwhich was conducted the bybuildiog as destroyed and threewas takenrent topics ofthe day, ini'lwt eTeaiof is tbe Flfth-amnue 'Pmbyteil- ,;I.i'W «hKh the Me Vi. AutuhDu was (anl K(iK%Mfr)niow) mttor. TtecongregatlmiwM otogyCarm:in«t1lle, on the charge ofP'e"'^*- JUter in the day Fireentereduponacarefulexaminationofthe circumstances attending the aiattor, and the pris-oners could give nowiU be takengiven that a collection wouldof most of the quotations are kept private,WIKD-During the dayf^oniN. to S., an4LwrtiJght, in commemoration tor, tl>B pulpit- was decorously drapedCom 1754C. to New-York. Lake Imports—U1,<IOO bashels Wheat; 25.000 bushels Com; 20,800 bushel? Barley,Theexerdaesoftheeveningwholly bywood quantity tosmoulderandthevery favorably Board," while her atleayt, in a-diractionBoth in a»an» anJ^ but,asBsone 36,000,000 printed pages of the BibleNo. I Chieaco adoat, on private Spring,reform. —BMmi.-i ui It' pTniantfiropy.HoK'sFiKx.—Shortly before 10 o'clockdo., Club, afloat, $1Oet. 14, at 3:tB Bostcm and Halifax1^^f?^ .;A. M., ;<t, brofesses to further ifo«ded,by Drovidlngstreet K. E. Church, In this City, which was the first Church ofthat denomination erected in America, isalarm of fire wasthe suppoaiUon that Hoe'sof the hymn "Go preach my Gospel, aaiththelATd." This was followed by the readtnf «f apmtiOBof thenintb chapter of St. Matthew, in -which it isTecorded that the Saviour lamented the scar- ity of laborers in the vineyard of the Lord.whlah followed contained, aiaong otherfilled with smoke.building 1disposed to-nard the American disclaimed"Isaac Odell.Shesinging1.500bushels Rye. Canal Exports—3,810 bbls. Flour,/Reamer Wamsutta, 'Arey, New-Bedford, with «tak-to the Almighty to save us from iu- tarnalitrlfe and foreign aggression. The reverend thispastor. members,were burned to death, a total loss of »600, involvingup.gaatleBaaasked that the time might come when theexperiences, and callijig up interesting reminiscenceslUustraUon,sales 11,300 bushels State, four-rowed, Whitney*down to us by our iktliers. When lie had concluded, 'thing was held at 2 P. M.,contraryWheat dulltl®40c.«43c. C,ds.,Ac foUowing mymeetingnotwithstanding. establishedInthe faith—become familiar with; red, CoBH dull atI.. S.. 3..rr.ooo 1,«M 4,aoo22,«M 22,441 24,100 4],too 40,0003 3 2 3 6 4 •2,000 13,000 thesubjectbeingthetrialsandtriiunolisofheroic spondingtoanalarmoffireyesterdaymorning.En- everyfriendoffreedomrejoicedinthestepswhich 96,000bushelsWheat;:13,000i.. «..eENERAL CITY NEWS.accidental,New-Tork at 1 Vcent premium. BaSMhobi, Satorday, Oct 27.Interestinc BXPOBT;N. S with naval stores to Montell kBartow.'the en-taVor U>e people w.thyesterday morning,anremarked that gold and silver were conversant with all the spoken languages, and a man had oiily to be munificent in his contributions to the cause it Christlast night, 23,000 bushels Indiana and Illinois on pri-vate demand sales buah-SS-i^of the deceased pas-hiswill be remembered that BiECBia expressed himself aspassengers to H. B. Cromwell t Co.m black.were commenced byDelaware,Crocker, reruns.Worship. Fzv*id«dlBr. Uaprorldeafor. righteousness4,000 bbls. Flour-supplied her.3,000 19,800 4,800 17,641 3,000 22,000 a,MO 33,900 11,000 29,000»but now again, not- withstanding the intorvenlng changes, it seemed as ifat 15e. on Cora, and 10c on Wheat to Buflfalo.Shakford, UlhssndflshtoStnrges&Co.Eastnert 1"3 ""'C^"d<«a._, wtntah^, j j .^w^'iSiStx^'^y ptjyJiJS^^ ^*the c'fcumstances were consld-aaster «a1, ,„, b«.The police force of our City, for wnich we SciiAciiT became andant, as Is usually the custom in a case where he is a non-resident, he was permitted to go his ways, and yesterday morning, when the prisoner was takenor they will convert us." We must lift them p, or they will drag us down. But to bring a thou-skull. The Police wereman was where he died on,heavyS Philbin and son, Mr. Stall, J. A. Bryson. Albert 6 inches per hour. July 16, lat. 38 30 S., Ion. 26 34 K.,and the Dd agencies to l>ear against the streams of sin, as Hospital,conveyed became lyW.. the aUp water, servant, Mr. Eastman. .Fames Mr. Lentelhow, pumpirg every half hour. July 15, the ship "."fcingmany instances, in the days of Christ and hisSHOOTING AT BURGLARS.A couple of burglars forced an entrance on Satur-; bothApostles.The objtct of this Alliance is to endeavor to meet, in;pumps going,»hrm wellthe destitution above named.We intond to do this, by the preaching of the gospelKinley.pump split and the lining worn out;repaired it as^part,hitoand the locomotive street, kept by William Tess. It is the custom ofsAmdedTast iiBportance to the« City,M. L. E. Sherwood,ward part of ladies' cabinOct. 26.-The steamship Baltimore,for itpeople's pockets. Twenty thousand dollars a day;frcmthe babe derived its nurture. The nextwouU be danger to our property, our ourtotal ralneof car- *io.o(iO. The salvage wiU be settled of "is'^week by the court and will Mrtabteoarall. We lived upon arvn-'Co.;Blackfrt^last is be about 25 per cent. 1 he value«p all over theCity sort olDKRS.complaint as-'ault and battery- Aas preferredH. R.THE OF WALES PRINCEAND SUITEhalfOie a^ man A Co.; J. P. Hazard, Wilson, Bristol, S. Kenny: lor UlVSge. As is, only abeat half theInrapine,ineverycrime. The last conse-AII.AT GCBNEY'S GALLERY, NO. 707 BROADWAT.Schooners Empire, Howell, Norfolk, Sturges, Clear- MargaretAnn,Whelply,St.John,N.B.,A..SmithersA valuetheyuuticipated,quence he mentioned was death to S the.-e liaoless innllast, ten days before election. The number of new voters that have thus been manufactured during the last month is larger than that immediately prece-election. Thecitizenpapersthatofonit however, withmenmarchin,;on,clfaside, and that cliam bound to a wheel which draggcjlSaturdayafternoonbya mannamedWilliam youngBarney against I niteil iitates .Marshal Isaiah Rynders,and Justice Kelly, before whom awarrantfortlie arrestoftlieThe last Photocrapli taken in America of the Prince by royal desire, now on exhibition.The are invited to examine this publicstill,oaropiniott,coatsfde them on to death-a de-ath b<.yond which the "e ll^noR. M.Statesman, Mott, (Georgetown,titudes.^BOO.OOObvCo.::(•ver j;w,ooO:onwhichtheredwelt on the moral desUtuUon of thelodged,pro-;aunshineMr. Wm. E. Dodoe wasanvhave been issued from the Superior and Commonthe path ofby the allurements of"'o'clock, asJ?,i-naiiiam,— 131run the distance from'THE ALLEGED ARSO.N IN BROADWAT.the rectum, are cured withoutthe knife or ligature.Springer, '"siTm^ Pcfe, Baker.:Hufhes, Sew-VoriE;ailtjmore P. B. Curti.,;shinesnotasolitary«tardingprevioused particularly to the fact of the represented as being unprovidedat least one to the Repub-raOU 8 A. H. TILL 9 P. H. SON,Indlamaa, ;commodaUon on theSabbath, there wereBarney—The nessattheofficeotthedefendant. ThisstatementIsPBOTOSBPniC ARTISTS, NO. (07 BBOASWAT. fAAnnljenmt.encountered galesfromQueenstowntoCapeif Opcta.s^Boston;dutyusual, having."ttamer fiavlighi,Oen. Hyatt Idg.of which there were in this 8,000City; andin hours and three|Office hours fromat Ne. 42 Fifth-avenue.ItoS aad 7 to 9 P.brigsTeighed against the extravagance now the buiWmg of churches, by which the cluded from the house of God.prevalent'H i*"^":'""Peters, disch.: schr*. McFarland,Her. Dr. Tthq called attention to theProvidence, with mdse.E. Churchill, Powers, Boston20^^importance of the subject under consideration, and in connection with it made allusion to the largc-heartedness of Dr.on April Jast, to a liquor store located at No. 809 Broad- a?e, died Friday morning w of which w ere the'toWth, baVk New-'i-ork. Bark MeUonBe (Dr. Trao) made Mrticular reference to the ex- CPKkTM treme interest which Dr. Alxxanssk had taken in'"''"'='•' *>« held by Coroner by him at the previous examination, which borestrongly against the defendants, was not at all shaken.;;keep complainants out of the way until.steiims/iip Ctty of Washington, from Liver-Jersey City was Armstrong, Mrs. Stevens and child. Miss Krederich, lat. 37 57, Ion. 43 12 E.sea oa.addressed itself to'"n'?;»r','h^c?f'ad ms on this1..bjeL-t,of frightening dereiiot creditors therefore,an immenae stock of new patterns. Call atthat itswould in futiu-e be held on the irst Wednesday ofSi^ri^f^^'""'resulted infceappre-an behalf of the Alliance,cluded until lOibi o'clock, were closed with the dox-and benediction.Tke Johaaanect MethoffiatKIXITT-SBOOaD ANNIVXRSAKT—INTESXSTING EX-5,500 bushels do., afloat, on private terms ;SteamdiipAMa,Lott,LlTerpoolOot.J3, and Qncn.. town 14th. P. M., witbmdse.and IK HMuen to^The aiUBvei|ary;salesnecessary means to defray the current expensesless but this the more. A debt of $13,000 hadbushels Barley.Flour less active and easier.of devoted to the yearly services which were of unusual interest At 9 o'clock in the morning, a love-feast was held, Rev. E. L. Jaxis. who were converted Inmatohes, yesterdayafternoon, set fire to the stoblenear Avenue B, owjied and occupied by BAa«A»D Daltoh. The w horses, in ballast to master.Bark Frances Seeor, Brooks, Boston 4 ds., into master.the year.been for the " Board" already " paid by Plymouth Church, and— Wheat No salesdaYesterday was, accordingly,in Fifteenth-street,ballaMSeveral of the oldchurch, were present, arid spoke, relatingtheir upon which there was no insurance.of Canada WestwilhcoaltoH.J.&C.A.DeWolf.."os..a cleaver from the meat-table he struck Michail Cava-fv them than has hitherto been done. In the lan-B of Dr. HxiiAK Bahss, "We must eonvcrt upon the head, with such force as to fractore his of agaionfstSouacht fled, but thedain them in one direction, but they will Officer GoujiN, of the Sixth Precinct, at Stupleton,Saturday he returned to Couit with that individual, and, in $55 from the store of Edward Ihdis, No, 78 Fulton-J harv been doing, is not of much account. Wefollowing dayby the loser of the .\lter some time had property,the Police of thestay up Staten Is-land. Coroner Schirmer held an break out with greater power in another. We musteiap.sed, night byfine weatherall required sail setship going her same Jnly 17, strongSto pregnate'-Thurling, Buck, John R. D. Farmahill. Farmahill,stantly, isth, strong gale from > .£., and sea on highinquestthe very fountain-head of evils—tbe hiart—and upon the body of the deceased, and a verdict of spitecour^^e,makingit with the pure principles of the gospel.We must enforce the truths of the gospel upon the was a native of Ireland, ly years of consciences of the masses of our City, and thereby' ageV'and she wasmany a notorious rogue goes unwhipt of justice be- this city there are 51 miles of streets to be guarded. and twoservants. Master Jex, Chas. Eslinger, J. H. Zeu- making 30 incbesper hour. 19th, strong gale contiaaesinjuredat the remissness of the indignant policeingreatly exasperated,takingSchacut. Ot-;. 23, Ibtid," was returned. VThe decea-^edpressed,Middleton.^^mith O'Brien, Mrs .losiah Jex, five children shortened sail, to prevent, if possible, from \strainingthen a thousrnd The New-Haves Railroad Compant Cex-evils, which we now deplore, and against which we SURZD.—On Tuesday last Edward Cdert, an Irish- after the accused have been arraigned before a magis-going, pumps going very heavysame 21st lat 38 IXcreate a healthy moral sentiment3JOWlabor,willregulatetlieinselves,astheydid,_. man,employcdhythecontractorforlayingtheCroton trate,anddischargedforlackofevidence.;-f '^m»«_ .vi-k »h»v 8«»y«l ""•Vi »«t because therdi<fMtw«tto ft ^wi.th.r^.L^**wriAmce was cloaethe nmgistrale was of opinion that thi« is one ofed~torm false conclu- «hen the newspapers weredoin*otherinstances where the aid of the law la invoked for theGas, Gab—Oa« FixtcMS,—Jtwt cot of ourao^uch to disseminatewhen Unl«rsalists were everywhere proclaimingSSI2^«.ir*yfroTM 'hebdidlii^^SJ^ i«npurpoee ; into the case.fKtory, Niblo's..Wamm ,Pick * CottJoughthe whole matter.^yvben Dr. TiHO bad concluded, it was announced,""""^Tenth-awenue fromTheCkbtbal Park.—From the Centrafl Parkkinsdons of this world mig^t be as the kingdom of of past days. The meeting was one ot deep interest. Gate-Keepers' report, wc learn that 8,720 pedestrians, as followsw. Auu MIC sales are made at Brig Tyro. (Br.,) Holmes, St. Johns, K. easier rates fish and oil to J. 8. Co.;13da.,'Rev. Dr. of the CkrUtian Advocate THOapsoN<editorstained,13,000 bushels, ds.,w1thplastertoD.B.De Wolff.regrular meetingsWhiat lowermillersharethe advantage whiletheEpiaeapmlCkareh.afloat 16,000busbeUKBCISES^of the dedication of the John-magistrate.which was tliatleiTOs; 8,10030 S.500 bushels afloat, at $135 bushels ; 3,700ftt)( ytto^lM<^»cflrJlim^gg* ©rfobtr as, iseq.manythese erroneous notions, ma done. At the saau time that Mr. GimwHsawAe he decided to commit the accused pending an inquin our manufactaring dipdt, No. S70 Broadway, oppositeSS" **"i,.*K2aui tjTey go.the S«n,''*»,*.SiauMiMe of •*"'by. part!*,fishingschr.Maimali* ^-nIIt from the fact that 1768, ninety-two years ago. The edifice now stands one of the employes left open* furnace in which hudthe 30th of —October, the event having occurredfoundry howeiyr, rcsiiltinRand 7,500 bushels Bay ({ainte,Cahal FailOKTSSteamship HunUviUe, Post Savannah, withand£«was a business establishments. The beenpUed aToronto, at afloat,stirroundedSociety has, for several years past, observed the day as a religions anniversary, partly for the quickening ofthe Church, and also with the view to raising the<rf wood. The draft caused theitas•inmistake,andgold and silver would need no interprelers. It on the last Sabbath Mr.70c.;afloat, at 6tic. Ryi and Oats quiet.immediately summoned, about to her from—Water pipes in Fourth-avenu^, near Fifty-ninth-strect, attempted to drive his dirt cart across the New-Haven railroad track in advance of a train which was day nightvisited by a gang of counterfeiters on Friday night, Mrs. Longhead, Miss E. Barton, Miss Purser, Miss Dun- ship under short sailwithmeans as Providence stiall direct. To do this by the came in contact with the vehicle, smashing it to Tcss to sleep at his place of business, and the officers to notify store-keepers and others of their do-aid of such clergymen and laymen as can be secured, pieces, injuring the horse, and killing the man in- thieves awoke him by the noise wtuch they made in ings, and to arrest the operators. Between 10 andto the neglected masses, with the use of such otherapproachinggreat velocity,Cityof New-York. The Chief ofPojice dispatohedners, Mrs. and Miss Daniels, Mrs. Walker, child and in-Mrs. H. and 2 fant, Kinleyh,^lf2.^'.'• ?'Mr. BrBcma announcedfreights;but are known to be lower than those made publicvery Bgiit.'" MaArs^halTBaHi'er *?*out,be takenForeign Missions."; BoardofHomeaad sales6,300bushelsNo.1 MilwaukeeClub,at$106,an affidavit her. Theto theand, th^ *^'°'^ material daauge had beenup sati-factory*xplana»ions. They sultsofthepastyearinthemission84hsat,OetM.Ito-day belore aFoundry Supposed to have been 05field,bushels White Canadian, afloat, at $1'^"i'V^- -?<*,, andClJariKeraM liSome children, while with plajingpathy with the Association." He loved not that theWheat, 12,600Albant, Saturday, Oct. 27—6 P. M.rungfor the under Sixth District,terms. B uilit in fair ; 5,800«hi prime White Canada, afloat, at 74c.: 8.700 bushelsSteaduhlp Jamestown, Skinner, Richmond. Herfolk. *«•; "'""J?^ »"* passengers to Lndlam t Heiaekalwas on fire.375 equestrians, and 3,217 vehicles yesterday eateredaadourchildren'schiioren,tillthelatestgeneration, ChapterofJob,11thverse—"AretheConsolations thePark. OnSaturdaytheweeklyconcertwasUsten> beverydifficultfortheChurchtodoanythinggood. S.^'"'S'TM?Prtvateterms. Wbiskt—Sales200bbls.at 36ds..withfmHtomaster.Christ and that we might hand down to our childrenIfee Uesalngs, dvil and religious, which were handed af God small with thee • Is there secretand 85c. for prime, to arrive,ed to by thousands ot people,—the cold tuap to the Let a man of the kind—one who is not 22^c.®22^i. Cincinnati, Saturday, Oct 27.ando'clock, from the 12thselhsh accumulation ofworldly ways.including—./ottrna/, preachedat10)4wealth, theythat itwillanyBrigJ. Wella,-Calais 7 ds.. with lumber. Means,with thee !" A reunionatwhichbriefaddressesweremadebytheformerpas- MiJioBIiEMB.—ThepropellerVictoria,lyiogat thewickednassolWall-street,andhewoulddespair WnisxTdeclinedto"encc of .such men as congregate there was felu Hetors, and old members. A general prayer meeting was Pier No. 40 £ast was «eized on^ Vorkfim •» u » 'V Fheld in the evening, which was conducted by L. B. River,•ach Ward in oie City, the number of places of wor- I>«Dxx, and at 7)4 f. If., Rev. Chaklcs en that she was aSept. 8, via Key West 4th last, with aaabofany to Pset ttSnaH, Septtt, ontlieooasta(TaaataB,CBaimatered a heavy gale from S. E., which lasted 4 ds^ aad dt«n-wasansentad,Aawinc the presetpopulationofwould not say that there was no good men in vagrant Wall-street. Sodom had its Lot, but still, sinceYork firm at H llcent.premium.;26,000 bushels ComSchr. wew-Haven.3,000 faith. About one thousui^d dollars were' raised during 3.000 1,200 the day for the expenses of the Society.gine No. 16 knocked down and ran over a man whose the oppressed nations of Europe seemed to be taking bushels Oats. Shipmeut—lOO bbls. Flour; 69,000 bush. Schr. J. G. 'Saturday evening by Capt. FArsci, of the cutter HarrUt Lane,. '^:r^. «*" .Exchange on New-ACmcAoo, Satarday, Oct 27—6 P. M. the vessel withlB 60 miles of Pass rOati«,NmMMeaM,slaver•oakwdatlon, as well as tiie number unprovided for. Church, preached to a very full house from named Hakt Ahr Davis was locked up on Sunday the filth of the Wall-street sewer and that Flour firm. Wbbat quiet; sales 94,000 Oct 14, had a heavy gale from N. E.ik^ Ae nmnher of peraona provided with chuicb ac- E. Haxxis, the pastor of the Green-street suspicionwM rabmitted by ReT. Cuius C. Gees, Secretary the Epistle of James, 2d Chapter, 23d verse— momlQg in a cell ot the Sixth Precinct Station-houae. of Government corruption had united and flowed to- bushels, at 84c. for Northwestern ClubItaf the New-Tork ETangellcal Alliance. 'Another scripture was fulfilled, which saithSic.® Schr. John Holmes. Matthews, Ja^sonTillerds., with gether In one stream, it seemed as if corruption was 81)»c, for No. 1; 78e.®78!<c. for No. 2, in store. yellow pine to J. T. Gilchrist Oct 36, etrCape-Sattena,iquito4ead, gaining the ascendency. We must remember that CoBit steady and Sc higher sales 14 JIOO bushelB,at spoke Abby Watson, ClenfbecM for thiladd-"^— and he was called the friend of God," having fallen a victim to intemperance. ...While re- tilings are constantly changing with time. In 1848 34c. in store. Oats steady. Receiptsbrig from phla, 27 ds.ont short of provisionsAbra- An hour or two afterwards she was found PlaoMof Number NtimbeTfl ham believed God, and It was Imputed unto him for:Packet Randan, Bondoot, with Jl....... M,S0O 13 8,000 36,000 name of Chablib L. Kiiujio, went to the grocery-store The wound is severe, and Glass was taken to Belle- Journal of Conimerce had said of him, and all like him, CorrxE firm. Whisxt dull. Flower, Clark,;JO 32,000 7 4,700 27,300 by Co>KLiir, acquaintances. against Slavery in Indianapolis. The New-York Pbovisiobs quiet; Mess Pork $19 50. Labd 13c. j^Schr.New-YorkJS.. ,..... 33,000 )C »,960 27,ft<0 No. 252 Houston-street and attempted to take the life of vuc Hospital for treatment Eowaxd Wzlsh, a that they must be made " to roll in the dust." But — Savannab, Friday, Oct. 26. fSi Rlv^ Eliiabethport with coal, <«r 1328,00086.20022,800sidingatNo.8Ciarkson-street,wenthomenowwhatapowerhadtheAnti-SlaverysentimentCottonSalesto-day4,150balesatpricesSchr.Detroit,Jones,Eliiabethp*o-rt-,.wit«h.cvwo»a,l,wtmorMiiM17MMao... .. (0,000 16 11,300 iR 62,000 27 20,000 SWilliamKoknig,theproprietoroftheestablishment, laborer,re—drunk, yesterday afternoon, and diedHe saw no cause for in the discouragementNew-Haven. Schr.Com.Tucker,Laud,RondoatwithcoaltorHaw-20,000 7 i,SM 30,000 14 13,000 4S,70O 16 13,10020,200 17,000 32,600 27,480 44,200 21,200 48,700 42,00054,000by stubbing him with a bowie-knife. Killiho recently thereaflerJohn alaborer inverysuddenly Bxoivh, the coal-yardgained!rangingfrom9!ic. '312^0.Nxw-Orleans, Saturday, Oct. 27.:.. 80,000 34 22,220 70,000 31 23,200ing derrick, on Sa evening, a distance ofScGAB—Prices butstifier, quotationsunchanged. Mo-to F. TalbotkCo.3S,0M13 13,200sult in his death ,,1,On the same. »,a man named d^a'y^ .aand be in- citedtomakemorestrenuouseffortstogainthevic-withto master.aa,,*3,009 18 9,000With thisin view he purchased a bowie-laufe, newenforced the of firnmess and continuance in necessityMiddling ceipts at thisreceipts^TataL. .8«1,7« [274 205,380The above pl>BO|«f worahip include some 25 His-; <iate, 35,900 exportsMdden.fSOiillc Churches, besides 20 others Kaally term^ a^Bvangelical. Deducting thesehe reached this he went to Koiina's store and bity,Berger and the BlIHard Tonmameat. Saturday was the second day of the Billiaid Tournament at Lynch's Billiard Rooms in Union-which were crowdedwho frequently applauded when any brilliant shots were made. M. Berger, who, with his son and an in- terpreter, are constant visitors to the Tournament, remarked to a French gentleman, at the conclusion of the first day's tournament, that he had very much im- derrated American billiard players.Tilden Boston, far Armstrong, "Al~b°an'y*.aoo Churches in our City. BvangeliealKings County for 1860, as prepared by the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, together with the rate oftaxation for the two years immediately proceeding,Starges,Schr. Brave, Lovell, Albany, mdse., Ibr Bostool.Including •vernUee of religious worship of every name, only one^dutd-of our population is provided for. In everyever, be failed, but he nevertheless Inflicted a terrible wound, the blade having entered Koxnio's mouth,breaking the jawbone, and extending to a point behindthe right ear. Before the assailant could escape. Offi-square,with interested visitors,i33ci. 27.—MPasaengers Sailed.Schr. Typhenia, Nickerson, Albany, mdae.,for Boston,. schr. B. N. Fox, Jones, Boston, fiir Albany.'Ward except two, there are from 12,000 to 57,000per.Kanchtster, Uxer- steamship C^tyof forSchr.Josephine,KeUey^Norwich2ds.Schr. Vesta, HaU, New-Haven 1 ds.6^161Schr. EllenSchr. Michigan,' Marshall, New-Hayen 3ds'sian SWIOBS, »t the whole number—274, and we have only some same time attempting to cut his throat. In this, how-—several Wards and Towns within the limits of;109,297. FreightsSchr. P.Schr. Geo. W. SmiS. MiUs, ProTideaoe.Schr. Gen. Taylor. Jones, Oknoester 4 da., with Sah. Schr. Village Belle, Beeton, mdse.aoaswlu) could not enter any. house of worship if uiey cer C. BaowN came and took him into He:Jane Helen ;wot— Black,Wallace, E. Berle, O. Field,'up custody. w-as taken before Justice Co^olit, ^t Jefferson Mar- But this is not tlie worst feature of the case. Many ket Court, to whom he made a statement of the affrayAreisst. County18(8. MS9.isa*.Jas.Gees,Philadelphia—Bailey,Schr. Gaselle, Gage, Sonthport 6 ds., with fish.Schr. Justice, Smith, Newport 3 ds.ao desfaed. /•f thellu Seventh ward, where there are church accommo- riatiOBS for 5,500, not half of that number are in the159.2Former City of Brooklyn. LateClty of W'rasburgh. 1 94.6 WArdt.124.2 1 M.l 1 Il.O190.12 185.0 2 30.0Harbison, Wm. aad others in the Harbison,Mary Schr. Bratns,SmiOi, Myatk;, Bondont, coal for Boston.presmt placesof worsUp are never filled. Insimilar to that above narrated, and added that he wassteerage—habit of attendingleaving 38,000 neglectors of theKavanagh andSailed.Steamships City of Manchester, lor Urerpool;of assault with intent to kill. charge —Saperintendent187^2 tory, W asliington, D. C.; Mr*. Erastas Brooks, Missesword In this Ward. Some other Wards ^reached pre-GearySaturday.11 flI.O1 62J 123.0 1 orJ Nannie and Bertha Brooks, Mrs. Mary Syminrton, Rev. York, Bremen150.2 128.5 1 89.S Loais Condenhove, Rev. Francis Yerheyen, all of Kew- gusto, and R. R. Cnyler, for SavannahNew-An-:Yoiktuwu. for;flme.The lower Wards of our City present the most in-age, was fatally burned by the explosion of a can ofBerger joined. Kavanagh's highest nms were as follows :tf7, 42, 111, 31, 68, S3, 29, 29—total. 200. Geary made the follow-4 5 6 7131.1 193.6 128.4 191.7 126.0 182.8arrived at the port of Boston, where information came to him that Koime had cfrculatod a report reflectingsignsligionnow broader at the base, wider in the sides and higher at the than ever before. If we mustDuryportSchr. CheTlot, Stront, Harrington t da_— with ""'theupon reputationifeet, .-ind received wliich isinjuries it believed will re-apexrenew the battle withdefeated,lasses 42c.'a43c. The rest of the marketunchanged."~r,. o., »was attached.He at once determined to avenge theu-onlygreater energy,Oct 26. Cotton—Sales to-day 2,600 bales, at lie. forplastercharacterizedhim as a scoundrel and a at the liar,Cotton firm ; salesof a young woman to whom he—turday thirtyassumedinjurybymurderingtheallegedcalumnlator.S?.^d'^\e",^Xfr^1S? ^conS:I SFrom these and other illustrations Mr. BxicbsbMoBiLi,Friday, the week, 14,730 balesSchr.WhiteCloud,(3-masted,)Nelson,Provide^ aeeing to put his intention into execution. As soon asHospital..for having failed to kill the object of his wrath. Under these circumstances he was fully committed ontoUl, 160; specie, $USO,03».• Oct. 29—/n SUamskip New-York, for Bremen,Capt. U. F. Maury, National Observa-sorry^.—were the first contestants onsent a worse aspect even than this. Not over 100,000 Burned to Death. On Friday .evening last latter, although beaten, made some excelledt/play, 2aThe taaeffs are found in our City churches at any one Eliza B. Niviks, a native of this City, 21 years of wliich, albeit at ti^es it was not successfiil, nought 3which she had brought in contact with thecamphene,the cMrch destitution is much greater, but from the flame of a candle. Her death resulted on Saturday, ing runs in his 21 1 ; 51,22,18,16,16,12,12.viting fidd for Christian benevolent elTort,—not thatcharacter and condition 6f the people. They are not and Coroner Schibmxb held an inquest upon the body Tieman and White played the second game of 500 8, (North District)97.4 1 74.1ByTelesmpk.able to somly themselves with ithe Gospel. It must at No. 258 Westwhere the ac- points. White only making 3-21 points to Tieman's 500. (South District) 129.1 96.0 155.0 Wm. Jellinghans. Hiss Anna JeUlnriiuu, New-York Mobile ; TrinltT, Laak, Galveston : Jas. Andrews. Bart, ;be canlea to them by those who are able.the paM twenty years, thirty-two church edifices haveTwenty-4burth-street,The same Coroner investigatedTieman's runs were 102, 21, 19, 34,largest 39, 46, 44,9150.4 97.2 183.6 Mils Sophia ni.; MrsTVictortne Her- Minitltlan : Jubilee, Matanias ; lirigs Wm. M. Dote,Ble iii.(Us lej^ with the CoqteLM'eof labor for the preaching of the Gos-«*»!<*» bar Cli>> Two hundred set-BHWaaie aU that JM-Imm Umany, 18 years of age LAwazHCiFrence game, only counts one point. M. Berger's 1819138.0 111.0 1 re.5 specie and 12,000 fts. silver ore.1 85.777.73 53.480.5 56.083.0 51.0 065.2 79.5 53.5 72.5 79.5 53.4 74.2mn adequate to the iBirU- ^ ittatthayaV^saccessfnl. ^ '-Mr. and Mrs. J. Ruderow. Miss Wiley. Miss Sullivan, Mr. Babershaw, Mr. S. Habershaw, Miles. PfeifTer, Trovi- •ard and Marier, Mia* M. Backus, Mr. Paton, two cbll-Mm «aBMd,la tkeinto a'^b-BTOOM, lad the bnUdliut uyinc;« yetIiiTfc io the ease.NaUy, rmstroog, seamen, ofthe<i,WB#inaBi wiOalt- pnvldadquestlqn^testaUe.iajniiit;-i>lnth-atr«et.OraieaaM Flstlands.—ivonUp, with as many peraolia to labor fiu Ibii nilr-Futn.—AtAered at sea July 28. The,liq&eatFatal Bmult o> as AnKAZ.—OnJUSTICE.abdnt 7 o'clock last a car- eveningMiss Paton, A. G. Agnew, Miss Owen,H.OliverPutnaai, foand-itualevangelixlng agenda* «f oar -Xl^ are aet in tjlMwTuesday evening last a number of young men went to theFelix-street, Mr. arriaaa,Smith'sgoodJamesand sister. 8. de vere and lady. Dr. Turner and had thenii»iiiiii— f" n ^arSne plaoas ofmrf rn. i«J nuiiimiTn-iTirjnriiiii19ittu Mip%nu^vapmidit:^.of this number. While> then, the pteaent 'ZBX PAIB O*last H». Bdwtra P. Hudson, of Troy, penter's (hop Polton-asuue,dran aad nanaaad Mrs. J. Dortic and servant, Mr. and Mrs. Jamest becooc* ooe of great practical coiicrrnHost of the 8«Ooa in our dram-shopsUiBs E. Bitebcock, Mr. Dea severel^m/ff^SaOLCit^sre sustained by the neglectors ofthe gospel.to be the tliief. Instead of the During detaining complain- burned.the excitement acidld was badlyiH. Jones, E. Power, Marcus Ariar, Mr. Ormsoe, J. Lock- on board much waier. labadogaad veryDuringcident occurred41 White's principal runs were 58, 35, 30, 20. ;10MnndtBeUeville,1 58.1 1 15.2 1 82.8 monny, Mrs. Pauline A. Hebbs and child, Mrs. EugeneAfrica Baker, Bemedloa John; Young RepiAlic, ; Pierce.been aoaverted business houses below Grand- the circumstances attending the death of Lzna "To-day at 2 o'clock, White and commei^ce U;uKp Kavanaghstreet. During the past ten years, 20 more have been Gacss, who i^-as seriously burned on the 11th inst., the first game, and Tieman and Lynch play the second 12 sold between that and Houston-street. Quite a number her dress having ignited at a grate in the house No. game. On Saturday night Monsieur Berger gavehls 13 are for sale at the present time. All the Wards below 11 St. Mark's-place, where she was employed as a usual evening exhibition at Phelan's. He first played 14 fourteenth-street, with a region each side of the City domestic. Her death occurred at the New-York a French three ball carom game with one of our most 15 fartherop,willsoonbemissionaryground.SomeMedicalCollegeCharityHospital,whereshehadaccomplishedAmateurs,andbeathim60pointsinthe16 ageniv will continually be needed to supply the peo- been placed for treatment. She was a native of. Ger- hundred, and discounted his game. A carom in the 17; 173.2 88.0 154.0 Dia ErnstJ>iedrich Spreckles, Clans Uannls, Calitor-«beNew-Utiecht. New-LoOa72.1shipOct. 28—in SteamsUf Asia, from. Liverptcl-^lb. delivered orders for h«r to pmeeed to Boston, Haaeaboard Capt Anuai Smith, Joseph Ellia, second Biate ;Thomas Front Bobert Bell, steward;if,:an BeUevue Honntal, yesterday, from the effects of bums received on the 21s( faist^WbUe IntnattMart ea the day in27th, at 8:30N. W. 7 tttm *«-«ii« joaethe 13, aad .Irishman,ofvery intemperate habits,opponent's 6. After the game1 00.01 84.6 72Mil TiCoronar O'Kurs hcU anSheane, SamuelAlbert B.grocery-storeat the comer of CityHali-placeandpassedseveral hours at a stroyed by fire, 4be work, as is supposed, of an Incen- i disreputable establishmentfoot ofFourth-street, East River, fell from the hoist-andpolitics.Thepyramidof seemed libertyCotton—Sales to-day 6,500 bales, at llic.®lUtc..- Schr. Pleiades, (Br.,) McLellan, Windsor, nN S_ s a^buildingo^^o^a Twentieth-street, between Fifth and" -Sstgojr^yhad it sharpened, and left Boston on Friday even- SUth avenues, and was very seriously hurt. He was faith if we wish to achieve good works and Resist thepurposein taken to BeUevue;; decreased re-him considerable applause, in which M.Kremelberg,bestM. Berger gave a fine exhibition of Us tucy aadMasse shots, in wliich he saened more thantuBaUT FlstbuAOjnTKrOTiaO;ship following Capt,Pearl-street, and there amused themselves by teasing in Houston-street, kept by one Mrs. WUse. Before he diary. Tbe loss, waUi is only about $300, is covered I IMr. Fell. Charles J. Arthur Peaslee,lady, daysHay- 81milu< uwind so light that we bat averagedthe clerk, a German youthjnamed Faisiaicx Sciiacht, left the place, Hudson discovered tliat his watch, by insurance in the Brooklyn Fire Insurance Com-UI8.,loB.3*0( W. meridian of the Cape of Goadfiepe.'about a young who lived in the neighborhood. wqpianSaturday evening, a extinguished without much damage to the prem-worthTheir badinage was not relished, and Schacut struck quently, he Summoned Officer Lyng to arrest wa.s.$55, had beenone of the most offensive of the party a blow, which Kate Brockway, one of the boarders, supposed ises.thousand dollars are spent daily for liquid was returned by another of the crowd. At tiiiswood, B. Neil. F. De Stuart. J- G. J. having then only the three close-rroelelfiendg toMaaOasavily, Mason, aadTweatty poiaoB.over one million dollars annually, are demandedthis very class. Something more must be done eyAssault and Robbery.—Chbistopbeb Allen A. Fraier and lady, J. Sybrandt E. W. Rlaley, whole foresail set barometer "«"'«-ir at SRU all tbe and W. H. Barnes, Joseph Mackay, J. H. Elliott, N. De Bo- time. July 13, wind moderating and hauling aronad to Sarah Brbkhah were arrested in thp Third Pre- disco, Alexander Gait, F. Prbost L. S. Fellows, George N, W., leaving a heavy sea from S. W.; apnnded the SAUH, one ofthe persons who had been annoying him, before Judge Consolly, there was no person to make cinct yesterday for beating a man named RicnABD Maxwell, Jr., Geo. Wood. Jr., Geo. Therer, Allan S. Glb- pumps and found the ship to be making two inches wa-stolen fromhim,conse-I;143.3 133.4 191.4 Dardonille, Fred. Wichel, Lasaro Sever, Fred. Onun, Howard, Havana New-York tlan.schr. SearsviUe, Kelly, Cape Hay- ^I.CO 'PhiladelphiaMr. Beecfaer on CarrentAs usual, Flyinouth Church was crowded to ex-Matapirda, Brown, Rondout with ba?j:ft?J3JSSSilfi^SS'ii.''«°«^-. »*..,tory.sales ofof the week, 14,855, against 26,000Schr. Rollins. Parrett, Eastport 6 ds., with laths *fish to h Co. Stnrgesfor the " AmericanHe read a statement of the re-Airlreditem ofhadbeencirculatedamongtheheathen. Mr.Bxbchir Canada at 09X. Corndoll13' I»"«l "Wps WarEscort, all bonnd In: ship St. Mark towiu oStconsequenUyFire in a Stablb-^Thref Hosses Bcbned.— emphatically " any want of Christian sym- 62,600 bushelsthe Board" now presented itself with perfect confi- dence for an annual contribution. A liberal collectionof momenteasier at 36iic.®38^c. for State and Canada; sales plaster to master.Some men arethey detect Church members fai In the:captiously inclined, and if at 70c.; 44,900 bushels Canada West at82c. for Brig C!eaimoBwealth. (Br-IBlItl, Windsor, N. 8..'thinkdesponding t LOUR-ofthetimesbothhereandinEurope,bothInre-evil.Rate of Taxation. The rate ot taxation in the unchanged.port;week, Exchangew ill be found in the annexed statemente.$154.8 $120.3 $186.6 J. P. Ferron, TT. E. 'Williams, Chas. T. Bingham. Jos.WholeCity of BrooklynSchr. E. Pierce. 3 ds..caek; Jeha Thompsoa, aad Chaa.onsear Scis Anuni Sa^edfromLiverpoolApril29. Nothingre- wor^ J«hn Hope, Clemson, Sullivan. MissRuderow markable occurred on board, except that for the first 90delight Stai-letox, and robbing him of $59. The accused liea, G. W. Andrews, Edward Wolff, J. Cordaher, Jr. Mr. ter per hour her friends, whom there were many present, was were committed for trial.to the New-York discharge custody, when he sudden-Nera. F. but a Rausch, Joseph Fisher, Mr. Hastings, Mr. Har- quite fine,take care toOi-T.2h—/7ipool—Mr. Swain, Master Swain, Miss McLotighlin, Mas- S., Ion. 39 48E., first qnarter calm terT.Malcolm,0.Dobbs,Mr.Field,Mr.Young,W. brceze.sfromN.E.;bothpumpsconstantlygoing..9dFrank. Haskell, LiverixK)!, G. E. CookHgave iu> man bread and chilled the breast from which ment of courtesies received during their brief visit. Seventeenth-street while he was absent on business. Copies in every style of the art for sale. Gallery HInckenUfe, volcano. Theflamesshotthat species ever seen in the City.— NATintALlZEDVOTEBS. TheTimefortakingoutnaturalization papers expired according to law ontheA WAr.r.ANT iOr. theM MS 4M of ship.Uberty,every night.ain murder.this project of domestic and civic| reform which theyhad now met to promote. The reverend gentlemanchanged the dally Press with having banded togetherto deride the Chilstiaa relation of the pastor to his waspeopde In this Cl^, and declared that there were served a man churches in the City that were systematically repre-Firvmen Arrested on .^olhingnew ever,for Londonconsequenceopen from 8 A. M. tUI 9 P. M.concluded:from the dram-shonlie laycci at EastAlbany.iture, ha-morrholds, fistula and to M°ra concealedabscessof mdseandpassengersMatahzas,Oct 33—In barks J. M. Wheeler, Wg. portfinally initwentyonexamination of the case of Wm. G. Lambert, Jr., andM.,W».ie.tm"£fTM HiiSSr"in poor are ex-eiiiMing .stoppages. Aui.iLA,alait7yearsof[AdnrtlnnMAbl•AK OKCHABD acid 8PBLK0 WATIB.''st?ame'r"'Bla>k '"su;ime"'r' Osi«y."lCcuney,trood.ldg. fbr New-York: Fisher, flschg. Sid. 14th,happier'" accused, was the only witness examined. He s?iih':i?2nue,i;;';;.',Vu?,!;:!5":"^^,^ >'.?« t'""= p'a'ndt«was at andwasBoSTWic,(late ofSole;sented the Press as lialf-fllled. If the reporters CoixLiN's carpenter shop, located In Oneby only Hundred"CITY WIDB-AWAKBS."were numerous of where men could places worshipSP tLOiX oilaia tbe saving bread w^bich GgU imparts,bur.sting'fromthe second story window of the place, liegave an alarm and awakened the ownci of liiche had no funds in that institmioii. From the fact that Mr.Ion. 62 5S, saw an lat. Ion. 30, board-With one or two exceptions, it is th,e largest fish of Kennedy was deuiinei!, and, upon his statement of;Syren, Cremer, St. John, N. B.. P. J. N'evius A Son Cygnet, Barnes, St. John, N. B.,A. Smithers A Co.: Her- mann. Havighorst, Bremen, H. Barnstorf AFish, Fairchild, Charlejton. D. C. Murray.Kassao. N. p., Oct,I ibert V and ca^Ko is justFridayinthe next speaker He Pleas Courts the last six duringAlso,ofthe Royal party. SUBSCBIPTION BOOK NOW OPEN.SloopCory, Newark, ArrlTed.manv maternal duty, were**depicted In strong terms the need of the extension of Saturdayee. l"h inst..York, back tor puttingAngler. Oct21,lat. ofOloaeester.30Ion.^'"''5^orFastTravelontheHablimExpress train of the Harlem Railroad left Gliatliam on26,SfSIS^'L'*^"^'''^^"^''"""^^ onthat day. HeScalpel, and thehence for Liv- at 12:10 A.M.i^f\ '''^.'""'y.RAiLBpAb.after time— Brooklyn, grandfather of the complainant, and that of attends exclusively to operativeClhanuel ffi,66 46,spoke brigthe Gosoei asthe only panacea which could save everlasangdeaththepeoplewhowereseducedfrombeing It arrived in New-York atWilliam Curtis Noyes, Esq., both of whom wimessed theassault..more obscure diseases of^ thepelvic viscera.Rup-Matausas,IJeamship I-'ejK'"B"r'o;s,.?.!;J'S"a^v?a^r"r^o ?«'oC'o?"'Cliy, and allii,i OOO.dOO who were with reUaious arwards of 7,000.werehalf of thisincrcaseii vote will be licjiii ticket.warrant devolved, willprobably make a returnof itQALLIBY OPENJ. GOaNXY AW. 7 miles diatant, shibJeffrey. Liverpool Oct. York, and ordered to Boston shefrom Manila for New-ITJ^ '"h•esidenre of bis ofNo. 61 Twelftl-ay,they proprietors, for ithe pur-lished frombeyond question. Call and see testimonials"leame^r.ilida, Hobinsun, Philadelphia, with mdse. toMitoh"e^l.^le''^""^'^ ',";number Much the larger portion of applicantsOfficerweeks, Germans, and it is safe to say thatgivenup-morning fifty-five minuteserpool.Arrived offthe BatteryFRd'^mmsBiFarts.miles,—"' "" 'a'e of forty mUes an hour, In-8to9A.M.,dtachg^A. H. §H«o/o't"o'n'.•)R,e.d^de'r",tWeUfmStSoJgl-'Saturday afternoon, resumed tlie Fatal IUilkoad Casualty.—Joseph De Wm. H. Perley, who are charged with setting fire, in;Auxuniu, who now removed to -aexistence, raised hosannas to that Saviourwliom we all wished to love and praise cnishKl hv « .-ar » ' tailroad trBck cross-examined length, the testimony given,HiRAH W.Metropolitan Hotel Buildings, No. 574 Broadway.;=""'""'i"enceiSteamer Bristol, Allen, Philadelphia, with mdse. to Loper A Kirkpiitrick.harbor inbalUst.parents.injuries accidentallyposeof defrauding the insurance James companies.'^^ on ,mj.„ u•yn,a was got off on the 10th. ana aaueore-Peevers, a young man formerly employed by thephysiciansand otherrespectableindividuals.Kirlip;itrii.'k. but1 oner & gotashore on Pouts Maya,Fire at Harlem-Two was elicited, how and tlie further<StiSPicion.-Between S and 6 o'clockKongengagedPldlip F. Kiffen was taken before Justice CoiraoLLryesterday, ontt charge of hav-ing obtained a quantityof provisions from Robert M. Newell, dealer at No. An EXCELLKNT^'FAM'iLY''^ MiDICINE.—Hollo- entire anJt oi sails, sprung mainmast, maintopmast and • ......i.r meetinfc of the " THE C3TY WIDE-AWAKEyesterdaymom- lamplighter at Harlem,extinguishinR thenimung rapidly away from Groroe M..4bd-el-KarierThuhas Revnoli.s.;mg,as Mr. SMITH Garrism,selling by No. 303west ol Broadway. K, showing 2d dlstg. pendant No. 8,330, indistinct Has blle gHw»»l .'Jtlnley, ^ew-Orleans. ;mCanal-street, third doorstreet lamps, he ob-bad light winds and much calmsevere sqaallaaonthot Madagascar; loatjlbbooiaand anat oncesecre-F. n.(jjcetarles.facts, was >estcrday committed for trial. arrestCFMARSHAL;magistrate,that was not considered alarming Ibr a Gilmore, Habersham, Wm. V. Wicht, L. Delimeres. D. deep-laden ship in heavy weather. July 14, weather aswell on from S. Burglars Arrested. George Abbott, Thos. stin, Mr. and Mrs. Wilde, 2 children and nurse and man- rolling heavily at times and making a little moreSaturday morning. the matter, and Officer was to find DowxEY and David Browx were arrestedhe was arrested Lyng dispatched^Kingan,First Precinct, for stealing Zcrega. John Kirby, W. H. Smith andof the efturts wliicli iiad been made to the Death from injuries at the hands of Fredxriok trary, the charge against the woman Brockway wasIlicld to answer. \lt is said thatcause of collusion on the part of the policemen, who Fifteen men are on duty at a time.issued redoubtable Captain. Cumniings, upon whom the execution of thepicture, nouncedbyH.R.H.tobethebestevertakenofmm. M.BedellBurr, Arctic, Hicks, Alexandria,to-day. It is alleged in the affidavit of Mr.assault was of a brutal character, provocationwhilehewasonbusi-July It. ia from Manila far same ttine, bkrk Home. fh>m Manila for New-that the and made withoutStraits of Sunda,supported by the testimony of .Mr. Lewis of Tappan,steamship Kangaroo,up.theJustice KiLLY,forPortlandCastiUlan.hearing was adjourned until the 8th November. PASSING A WORTHLESS CHECK.,:^°^.l\f 'i^nt Mfxico §r. tork Grace.forLmidOB, Mg.50, when.at the same time he knew thatJoints, Couphsorders arising Irom imprre blood and depravedOct. 6, 48,ed bark Hiawatha. Ballontine. rm. New-Brunswick forit wasChase, M.con-street.Police Beats.—In the Third7Police Precinct ofDawes, Dr. Charles Bell. Messrs.Spring, Johnston,Capt.:onepump goingcon-1 1and whose talents are adapted to tku special class. stantly. Coroner Gamble held an inquest upon the prosecuting an examination of his stock. He at once o'clock. Officers Bbadlet, Bxknktt, Cabroll and Mr. Mauran, S. Crawford, Mr. Richmond, Hiss Elgin, ship could not be kept free, prepared the boats, inEvery member of the Alliance also will be expected drew a revolver from beneath his pillow4o labor in some way in this great work. body, and on J?aturday, after a careful examination of about to put a hole through one, of the intruders, canal boatmen, who gave their names as John Wil- Miss Flannegan, Miss Coldaff, Miss O'Reilly. Miss Mc- ingly took out one of the long-boats, pat provisions andsuch place on the Bowery—dunngnaonths. To open halls and cellars lower down in theyoung: the salt in the bolj melting; tbe ship rolling heavily: toe pumps became: got the other long-boat, being provisioB- ed previously. Put my trunk, with chrooome- ter, charts, ship's papers and log-book in ber; then prepared to abandon the ship, as we could not by any means keep her aMve water, the pumps being useless, and the water aoeiUBQlatlng in the hold. In getting the long-boat astern missedseveral of such are already in operation. To example of Christ in carrying tke gospel to the people.Our object is not to labor as a sectterest of those not provided with sittings in the House •fOod. Tocooperatewiththechurchesingathering ttls class into the fold of ChristSnch, in brief, is the need of such an organization, and the tpecial work it proposes to accomphsh.THE CASE OF HUBBY AND THE GAMBLERS.were found guilty. David J. Swaik, on tliree counts,Mr. and Harris, Mr. JohnCityand Mrs. Margaret Codd,was fined $200 and costs. Frederick H: Tcrnbr. on dren and nurse, and 450 in the steerage.The address which succeeded this was deliveredin the named TnouASKEW-YORK....SATURDAY, Oct 27.Dr. Hoax. He said that there werewho, in this City, were never hearers of theThe names of the accused areof Broadway and Fulton street corner of Prince and Mercer streets ;Cleared.Steamships Yorktown, Parish, Norfolk, Ludlam h tb* Indiaman.)tlmpsul. pi<^ad np by;present time only 150 Hurry, Jr., appeared before that magistrate persons have been natnralized in Jersey City this [X>6t-mortem examination, made by Dr. Bouton de- and expressed their readiness to furnish bail. Tliey season. In 1856, at the corresponding epoch, about|13 1 Hell Sat*...903by 650,000 people,ness-needle or a pair of scissors is supposed to tiave been the instrument with which the murderer^ accom-spendJohn Stewart, cornerHekkesst,in theGospel. Gospel, he meantplishedthrowing further lightCharles Ransom, and John Col-Paterson and was drowned. Hisdock, txidy was re-IThe report does notsaywhen were theyed a verdict in accordance with theto which and fled.had Dr. Qninlan, Mr. Walter, Mr. Fltznatrick, Mr. Foley. a shot at the rogues, committed to the cells. On Saturday morning, Mr. Mr.other boat in readiness for lowering, theclared guilty of culpable negligence In failing to slacken speed while passing among so large a num-Studley, of the Fifth Ward, and he succeeded in ar- resting one of them, named John McDonald, who wascommitted to await trial. Convicted.—The threeMisses Crosier and McClnskey, Mr. Morris. Mr. and Mrs.increasing, and the men almost exhausted by constantthe Winter warrant for his arrest was issued by the Coroner.Kelly. Not more than $1S worth of carried off by the thieves.property:Horrible Case of Ikfaxticide.—Early on Saturday morning the dead body of a male child wasOwens, Cupt. Hatch, Miss Clow, Mrs. Mackintosh, Mr. and Mrs. Beaumont, Mr. Rowett, Mr.choked with tbe salt, so we oontd notthen out work themSCBISHIBWilliamwere informed that the examination of their ca.se« hadSandyHook. 6 52 Got. Island. 7 41 1they the rope, and drifted away with seven men ifacts,Tess, however,then over two feet water ship aaTlns above thekelson. Ihad pre-rent places for the brief periods that the meetings areheld. 11118 being more economical, and, as we think, was appended a censure of the railroad company for and probably » ould have hit one of them had he not the prisoners being brought before Recorder Mr. Belks, Mapalh, Nolan, Mrs. Seawan, 3 chil-bettor adapted to reach the class intended. We pro- runninga rate ofa time in dren and 2 nursesf D. Dexter, Jr,, Mrs. Swain, viously altered my course for the Manrltias, heptac, if aiming that they got beyond TiLDXN, they were identified by a dozen or more per- Mrs. Crockett, Mrs. Singleton, Miss Clutter, Mrs. possible, to reach that port 3Mh, lat,;institute open air preaching in accordance with law,when the weather fs favorable, tous following the found wrapped up in the lumber yard. No. 115 Fifth- On Saturday afternoon tliree of the alleged two counts, $150, and Johk Faulkner, on one count,Mrs. White, 2 chil- aAO—thissat.6 Moon rises... 5 02)but for the in-sued Justiceby Kelly, in connection with the case ofNjturalized.—Up jrtheSunsetsstreet. A policeman conveyed the remains to the^mblers, for whom warrants of arrest had been is-was fined $50.KnnAniBB AutASeventeenth PrecinctSunrises626BIOB WATXB—THIS DAT.Station-house, where Coroner afterwards held an inquest upon them. Amonstrated that death had been caused by stabs, ofwhich six had been inflicted upon *ie body—three ofthe wouqds having pierced the heart. Either a har- o'clock, and that the interval couldMARINE INTELLIGENCE.;uponobtained,jurywasunableHeuckenhis crime. No evidence:When ha spoke of hearers of thethocewho wanted to hear the Gospel preaclied. He to declare tiie name of the parents of the decea.sed, or ton, of No. 8-28 Broadway. It is probable that the quest was held by Coroner Gaffney.the case wasand the;covered about fifteen minutes and an in- afterwards,that of the person at whose hands It met its death. two other accused-would necesaarily follow from this neglect of Gospel .A WiDE-AwAKE Tbibdte.—Mr.'A. R. TH0BPE4ihe tlie day fixed for the investigation.A Son;at Mauritius:Chas, O'Neill, B. E. Wm. Adams. Ropes,called attention to the fearful consequences which diitr,.a]>d, among these, enumerated first, ignorance,partiesillpresentWilliam Robinson, J. Benj. JeaUns, James Healy andproprietor of the hotel on the comer ofEighth-streetTOO MUCH OF A BARGAIN.[AdrenJMnant.jH. B. H., the prince Oy WALKS,Cromwell k Co.; Monticello. Gager, Alexandria, H. B. Cromwell & Co.; Patopsco, Vaill, Portland, H. B. Crom- well k Co. •the small boats, Thomas Briggs, chief mate; John Mach, Frank Ubby, James Smit}i7Charies Heenan, Johnbeen appointed forcustody of the policeman who had arrested them.hard, did not succeed. Then got out bothsand in lowering away one of them was store. AtS-.3»^ P. M. abandoned the ship, she having tan feet water in her. In lat. 36 S., Ion. SO E., 90 days oat fromTuesday morning theynext, at 10laborer, employ of the New- Jersey Railroad Company, accidentally fell off of thewthemselves onGuyler, Crocker, Savannah,Cromwell & Co.; Potomac, Watson, Baltimore, H. B. Thomas Denley, leaving to be accounted for is one of,and was Kipp, succeeded in arresting three men, Master Hatch, Mr. and Miss Humphrey, Mrs. Duane, case we should have to leave ber suddenly, and accord- apparentlyOur object is not to build houses of worship, but to the circumstances of the occurrence, tlie jury render- when they caught a glimpse of the upraised weapon LiAiis, Matthew Bears and Jacob Miller, who were Jendlln, Miss McMannus, Miss Smith, W. Sharp. Rev. water into ber, and towed her astern. Also got thetrains at asto rent atheatre, or some other place on Broad- wont within the City limits. Tlie engineer of the the range of the pistol before he pulled the trigger. sons. Two of the gang, a man and w-oman, suc- Marsden. Miss Malcom, Mr. and Ion. 49 23 comes in with ckmdr by aeconat, tStO,higlispeedas is their taken solongpoeeway, to be open every Simday evening, so that thethousands on and about that great central thorough-fare may have a place where they can feel free to goand hear the gospel. To open, if possible, another ber of laborers as were employat at that point A identified by the grocer and committed by Justicetrain in a man named was also de- question, Hdrd,|h-j-BrandywincofPhiladal- *. 0«k,,Steamer Penguin, Is;!nc tidell.Williams,Providence, with mdie. to,Ne^ Jersey. ArrestofCounterfeiters.—latterstrong gale from Nbrthw ho succeeded inthe grocery-store No. 371 Greenwich- feit five dollar bills of the East River Bank, pf the Outram Purser. Mrs. Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Turnbull as possiblepassing quitea number ofcounter-ton, W. Kirk Dempster, Mr. Mognham. H,and child, Mr. Farder and party, Mies Porcy, Mrs. Man- making 4 feet C inches per hour. 23d, lat 38 S., Ion. 46 StTheir was Mrs. Boden, E., weather, wind tma flight interrupted, however, by Officer ceeded in malung their escape. The prisoners were J. Cordukes, Mr. Hogan, T. H. Williams, J. Sheeonjre, S. E., at times blowing hard, with heavy-aquaUa, the leakand afterwaa worse—blind jnan wandering atiout with a flaming torch.A second consequence we might expect was intem- admiration of the disciples of Isaac Walton. It was wagon, wortli probably $160, for the ridiculously small Comer of Broadway and Tenth-street, Barks D. Chapin. Tucker. Leghorn, J. W. Elwell East River, on Saturday, on a trial trip, ahe waa run;thht, educated which infidelity,and Broadway, was the recipient, onAHDmade horse and AT BRADY'S NATIONAL PORTRAIT GALLERY, Ships Harpswell, Cotton, Bristol, C. Adams Confi-for it was but the case of acatorial tribute, whichbeing As the new steamer Firemightwellexcite the envy and;ofS Friday, pis-SCITX,energetic attempts to sell a good dence, Sears, New-Orleans, Wm. Nelson A Sons.Pedro the remainder ;on board the iDdiaraan.Dart was down tbe comingOn Saturday evening a man named James Kennedyperance. Excitement tbe minds and hearts of the a magnificent specimen of the •' five sum of $3, He could not find a as it was The only Gallery in the United States honored with a Casco, Gardner, Cienfuegos, C. S. Stephenson Cam- into by the Fulton (erry-boat Brooklyn, carrying away Muscalonge," purchaser, ;people must have, and that excitement must be sup- feet four inches in length, and weigliing, when first thought that a flaw might be detected in the title, and plied by the influences of the Gospel. A third conse-seqnence would be crime. The fourth would be of caught, nearly thirty pounds. It was sent a« a pres- the police were notified to make inquiries on the sub-ent from Messrs. Paxker, Thatkb and Lore, three of ject. It soon transpired that the horse and wagon hadthe delegates who represented Buffalo on the occa.^ion been stolen from Jolm Fenner, of No. 11 Ninth- wore spent in this Cit>- for drlnk^wr an end that ofthe grand torciilight procession, as an acknowledg- avenue, who had left them standing for a moment inspecial visit by the Royal Party.bridge, Sparrow, Genoa, -i Julia, Smith, Liverpool, the starboard paddle-box, and receiving other damage.500 had taken out their papers. Drowned.—On Saturday afternoon, ashort and the beiai sail, ship mafctng leeway, aadofB. a. a., THE PRINCE OF WALES AMD StriTI,A. Leary : Calmac. Johnson, Buenos Ayres, Simp«on A Mnyhew ; M. Eugenia, Parodi, Genoa. M. Pastacaldi ;.\luanda, (FruB.,) Kon^e, London, W. SalemShe was towed back to her dock. The Brooklyn bad for-Latest Noveltiesin Soinething Willi linseed, hides, Ac, master. Sid. in co. with ahips Missk^Hats-.Photographson view at BRADY'S GALLIIRY.;Baitimobx, olT North Point. NolAdTertlaement.)avers expected, and on which they baaed their demaadon all the members view,;Miami,master.'Bpakea, &e.By pilot-boat Nettle, No. 3-^37lh, Barnegat bearing K.Edward H. Dhon, M. D., Editor ofthe surgery,boundlat. 41 43,^on. 65, passed steamship AfricaHenry,The curative properties of this Water are estab-;Coming,) (AdTcrtUemcot.)Agent,.entirely new, just from Europe. Theimported Hat.Mocu nsonother spars.the Butcher's and Drover's Bank for tainty Headache, Biliousness. Asthma, RheumaUsp, fsUe.pand 314 paasengera to E. 8. Innes. In lat. 61 M, THIS (Monday).more frequently went to these churches, they would and Fiftieth-street, near the Kingshridge Road and 514 Washiiigton-st., by giving in.part payment therefor way's Pills and Ointment cure with unfailing cer- MJddlnax, Parmles, Liverpool. Sept 3, with ci*,^f^wMe"/at tt^ir r«n*,N<;^ Bro*i,.,,ondiscover a very dlfi'erent aspect of the ca.se. There munediately tlicreafter he saw flamesa check1C6 uponSUfl- and f.ilds, Drops-y, and all dis-^''^^^°l^i°^fif,, Presidii^>-NcwcU appeared anxious :o w ithdraw the complaint, tions. They never faii.Untitled Document'Hortense, (of Boston,)-hip to ISarnes, Bombay, June 1,p.^l,^d1J?£g"?'rp°4^'u'i;?r.%4Bengalshipping demand is restricted, owingto thehigh rate;rignallie!lsteaa3up 17th, U P.M., signaUzcd:firm but Flour 47c, Wheat 18c., unchanged:with SteajDMrAlbatross,Jobes,Providence,withwhite 10,000 bushels. Cobs49. Oats18,000 balesand Cbablxbton, Friday, Oct 26.unchanged. vvhite, $1 08®$! 12.Brig Ganges, (of Richmond, Me.) Meady, mimiiwtea. "'Imbert, Port an Prince1 70.0 1 46.4 2 03.82 mann, Rudolph Gathmann. Caracas, TeneraeU: Hiss 199.0124.6232.1 ElizabethKernsten,New-York; ThomasG.Flank,Praodsved in this City, and on Saturday evening he owned by Messrs. Mntciuar & SrAnaAxa, was de- wing, Mrs. Lloyd, A. Wilson, G. Scbolborg Butter- reportBetw een 8 and 9 o'clockfire broke out in the house No. 179 Navy-street, whichCharles OFgood, Lueronze. Chas.Leslie, Rev. Dr. Mickels, Miss Hitchcock and servant,July 13, passedpany ...Green, Ooery, GeorgeIthein lat. 38 12 S., 76 days out, part of the day fine weatherIForrest,MissAndress,Thoi.part blowinggalefrom 8.to 8. W., ac- ship tsjUagto stock,oftheBallettstone, for Boston.Tiedemann,Donald HacSeay,ahips American, from Bostaa.Sianr.Wood,Hagnee, Mrssrs. Ulyoa,to-day, 3,000bales.Jbr Altwar.T.S. Park, John Johnson. A. Cavalli, Thomas R. Burns,lady, Josiah Frazer. Mr. Medlcycott, J. Harvey, Walter S.;;the same water.ner, Fred. Haines. Totul 150.from^'.E. both ;pumpsaoth, wind thecan, Mr. and Mrs. Huyretter, G. Steward, H. Lyming-alI,Mobile, Sturges,Havana forthis is aground port,Salem,Mrs. Quinlan, Owens, Merryweather,constantly.children, Mr, and Mrs. Miss A,Kirwan,Roberts. Mr. and Mi s. Whittakcr, B. Wilkinson, Bre-tried at the gaet, P. Gutherle. H. Markham. Mrs- Hedgecock. Mr. head, aeth—strong galesfrom 8. w., and a heavy seamenwas Hudson County Court on Friday, for assault on citi- Roddy, Mr. McOocogh, Mr. Riorden, Mr. Writht. J. W. the leak gaining on as very fastzens of Secahcus, while out gurming in last, August— —Augusto, Woodhnll, Savannah, S. L. Mitchill JametAdger,Fhillip,Charleston,Spofford, Tiles- ton & Co.; R. R. H. B.One ofthe with long boats,thetbllowing men, arrived;J. Jeffrey. Nesmith A Sons Seeley. Bangor,lO.-The appraisement on the shipBrowning, Rialey, Philadelphia, Jas. Handof10, Queenstown llth, with mdse. 520,passeogersreporta spoke ship Alliance,Steamship CityG.Dale. Has strong S. W and westerly& Co.ClearmanBrigs Ellen, (Br.,) O'Brien, Cork and market, Boyd k danger is apparent—(By telegraph.)Thomas Jefferson, Harford. Alexandria,Safford&Dodge.will not (all short of tSjm.—(By letter to EU- woud Walter, Esq., Secretary 18oard of Cndcrwriters.)New-Bedford, with mdse. Providence, with ndse. to L'i.mond, Allen, PhiladelphU, withfor BostonKate Lincoln, Pierce, Idg. forIdB- for ;Scottbpirlt of the Times, Klem, for.Typhoon, Salter, for Hong HongKong, Sept 21, lat. 10 09 N., Ion. 38 43 W., saw a large Hack ship stg.IcebergFUlwood, leaking badly. Oct, 19, off Bocguerean, board-:PiscKsiT, I. w, Siiw*»P. >;alao aome aaddaa and;pensesWashington,and U) J.:;iI;both 1^i'^M"busheU Cora, 24,300 to Barstow tt Pone.Bark Eliza, (Br., of Picton, N. S.,j Kenzie, Ballilx sindull aiid unchanged. Babxit Brig HenryM. Hine, (Br.,) Dart, Sidney, C. B., 13 di..^—were referred to r*i?f!.'L*?Fw«,W.i"i^'^*a?c«m^w!, "4 ^^J?^ F.,wit*k$1 060o1f any Kguououd cuoumiunigK ifrom any quarter wnhere itnhce infniu.- h<,TM..«.i -* inrS.,;, 16^c.,.and dull. M""o"n'e^ry i"n• g^so*o"^d Schr. Adda, (of Milwankee,) Potter, St Ann's, Meziao.,. identity has not transpired, killing tiim instantly. The towards an entire dlsenthrailment from tyranny. Ttie Wheat FaiiaHTS declined Ic. Engagements were boccurrence seemed to have beenplace in West Broadway, near Y^rk-street.Glass, a starter for the Second-avenue Railroad West were nearer a condition of Liberty than la 1848.a few years ago It was rare to hear of an Anti-9 42,000 23 14.000 28,000 O'clock Saturday momhig a young sailor, giving the day, RoBisT one of his Slavery man. He had preacheu the first sermon «$! 75 for'white. Corn firm 67c.a70c.and it tookonFloub dull ; Howard-street and Ohio Super $5 plaster to D. B. DeWolff. ^..^Gaoaexthe continent fromNorth to South andfrom East toSdir. Jl Spray. (Br.Shaw, Windsor. N. M8., ds.,witk.— reactioncame ailseemedlostimadeSigm ExchangeBoston. Schr. Z. A. Paine,;Schr. Alma, (Br.,) u 62^. Wheat active at$I 33«tl 44 for and 45 Curry. CynnralUs, N. 8.,;1* Brig John S. Cotton, (of Fall Kiyer.) Crowell, Malaaared, $1 with potatoes to Hyde A Dury^yellowdThurrow, John; J. D. three children and nurse. Miss Norfolk, Ac; MonUoello, for Washington, D.C: Pata^YorkKiemelberg, J. T. Cramer, A. H. A. Ankersmlth, E. W. CO, lor Portland. Ship Liziie Sonthaid, for LiTerpooI, Slebert, Ernest Siemeleiuri. lady and son. of Baltimore. and others. _Md.; Lndwig Brumleu, lad; and three eUldren, Ho-boken, N. J.; Mrs. Alexanderln Eaaenhardt and two145.7146.7150.31 31.61 44J 113.6 175.9 danghters, Belleville, III.; EMt- Yarner, OeorgU : Mrs. BOSTON, Oct. 3S—ArT. barks E. Wright, Jr., Oibba.tor;; James Adger, ter CharfastoaSt. Louis NEW-ORLEANS. Oct 27—Arr. Wm.;193.0 162.5 256.3 Jules Le Grand. Baltimore; Julius Berostein. Yalpa- from Liverpool North2 08.7 167.8 2 40J8 raiso Julias ;PaaaeaKem ArrlTed.and Mrs. two children twoMcStea, and servantsBlake. W.B. ward. Dr. EUiger. Prof. C. Sheppard, Mrs. Anderson,then iat29 || day, being ip;;Theodore Oatb-1088orBHireuTiBroiKui.190.0 180.0 155.2 England;andC5inthe>teerage—total, 114. fut,3000in The Pilot-boat Nettle, No. 3, ^oke and taaardcd aalatterJ. Roger, child and servant. Mr Froideraux and lady, companied by a huh irregular eroas sea, the;Prowess, Thompson, Baltimore, with coal fcrer for HnntingtoB, English, "*-T ~f'h Ira;andg;tle from E.N'.E., and heavy seatbe£., fresh gales and weatherboth pumps;pump at P. and fbond 3 M.,hergoing;;increasing finding tha;;one of working badly ; on opening the welT-room, found, the24th, withheawviynd from north going around to S. K,-aad tbe leakpumping, apd found the ship to to settle tbe begin byWore ship around, to reach them'stove in.it willthe expenses of conn, and all ether ex-tonEdwin, Webber, Boston 21»''..''E^i'^"JXi,fl on' S^tS;j;part stroac ;;aboutboth pnmpsn ber. bat ader; --•''^"''~^--"-www.fultonhistory.com#Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 