 "Overbad Bode" wtll be played up to the teatnight afthe season Tac theatre will be reopened immediate!; byMrw.JFlorenceKibto'e Uerdeo, wbiuh Mr. Nixon bee positively tamedtalc a real geraen, ta to be opeaed for a summer the atricalaaaaob thai evening, wtth every well aaleeted com paay, aad o n e especially strong in the crinoline depart men-, Mbe Polly Merebail, tbe Jatoaat of soubrwttasArriving there they waited some three-quarters of anCat_ma T s a , F m - luabura. drj asm from sold or beat, tnflvavnewly arraagel by Mr.W 4 Moore, magMr.Nlbto's stage director The opening bill includrs a new ballet, eat a fresh burlesque, of which toll details will he found In Mr. Nixon's eoptoaa advertisement:!.At Laura hxene's theatre to night a new comic piece.thecrowd, andhe tinmediate!) became thecynosureof fornonappearance anotherittor*100aaide,forfeit*2b, •all eves, while aaxijua inquiries were instituted for King. \ while the third Ma small pjtatoaflair, of $26 a aide andBarry'*fori)nabg,heautoyiagB OSaWffW u«Hsr«av ! _j—^, #w |oaoO>foraldaadadvice%be Cahawbahasonfreight$JS4,0C0w.MexicanaUver City IatmiAtmi(Seventy nteih Re«i volunteer amnaary aramatoaMen, oom- of oar Scotch adopted amttmn, wiU heJafleraoa drew .white the numberofThe stakeholder now quietly gave out that the partitaSaturdayweek;,andthe andmadetorthetract.wasnotsuchaatowairaaialengthenedmill,andafter two long and rather well contested rounds, Tremor gave out, and could net come to "time." Roberts was there- foie accorded the glory aad the money.WPhtskop.—S. T.iatt'i Kenvtmekow tttvsrJfeirboa. bold by all dt,»»»»t»tbOasLaH*COMLW.BUwad7WBroadway.NEW TORE HERALD, MONDAY, JUKE 4, I860. AMU8EMENT86F1HECOVERMNGCUSSES5of New York, wlifcoutruption tram the pulice; but, alas lor the mnsaWBty of anMM feed expectations of ofBroadway toBow Mm Utile secret teeked oat was a mysterytaeeeiyhedy; but, nevettbeieee, the adherents and per- efeaoh man were active in their efforts to aacura which would take thorn to East Maw York,the gang, axe urged the res* tc att»ck the pobce.Lattttrlila, aa ' party above n*med;tlias tamfallfla«;theRtfciW. Crete, enareocnt at fee fight, analmas aswe of the prinetpala.Mr. Baran, in reply to Mas JaaU ,to a ansae race, and wan asDaniel Kelly, an cfacer,thr grocno; thai thefirm pan, and thatbeach. 1 did not see Mm mat any partJOB* I I SOI USD'S Itspatfr-r FoulkOnueville courseat WuJett s Peat, but did sot see him against the pottos.rAsfflaua. Join Lycos, en officer, g s m l chat bewhich took the town by storm three —Mai ago. Mrs Weed and Mr. Jefferson play in bosh pieJOB.A performance k to be given at the French theatre bring on the fight. Womi* was Oramen In hla i this evening tar the benefit of Mr. PUteC " Richelieu'pcTBbCabMaa *FIUBOI y mTwoxrrfiaad Mm '• Old Guard" are the pieces announced.At tha New Bowery a BOW spectacular drama, called "Oeaeral Jackaon," M to he brought out to night, wtth of the Newup plays af this kind axaaadiagly wallAt Bernum's, the domestic drama," Charlotte Temple " a new piece called " Leonae," witt be given ta dayGcorg* Chrissy s of the'edition, UKI U a quite the beat, of " The Stranger " snath wui,andpurposestaretirefrom thestage to an which her family owns a t Borghe*a, near Turinwhile King was raving up and down at the non appear- aneeot "Jemmy atessay,'' who nad ha fighting panto and shoes, AS ovei lure was now made to Induce Woods to take off hn spiked shoes and THrt on hte ordinary ones, wnich, after a wnite, he asesoteo to. ano everything looked favorable tor the mnl tafcug ptace Jut at toe moment,however, when all was ready, the "beaks" again made their appealanee, and another movement was made, that time upon the suggestion af Nine one -hat WUlpM's Potat was government property, and that it w as thereby neuIt is believed, the guilty parties will be shortly brought to justiceOn Saturday night two more moendtery fires took place, the first in an unoccupied frame dwelling in 12oth street, near Eighth avenue; the other In a frame stable belong- ing to Ellas Seaman, ta Kmety ninth street, near theBloomingdale road.B k believed by the inhabitants of those places thatPT/aa bottledo o y » oMbAwWT. warvaataf pure,atNtbloi Saloon,bringoai Treaty" to Mgutualgroun-\andthatthepartyshouldgothere.TmapteoeItheImmediatecsuseafthosefiresoriginatesfroma wee some twelve mlies distant, and large numbers w h o i rivalry between ctrtam firs companies and the runners had oiung to the crowd by extraordinary ex I attached thereto.bnvortad sad bttled by t put wan hb earuaeme oOBa thebest enemy.CDOLFBOroan naBBTameeastofirt Imported and battled by IrrJOLTbA. WOLFl* rumx bASwibA WUTM,t «rr atmaarforwrtvete aad an t sa states wade hi 1TOOaJPBOFCbJB JAMAICA MOM.Bt. CBCTX BUM iOr^CH M9T IBJPH Alltftoeabovetmsorstdaad seatedby prors and the beat quaiay. ^VVOUbO WOLFB'8 CILlBbalaUi BObUDAM auHMAFTt,followingwill visa ttw Catted States next winter. Tory have been made to him by parties hereCABFBMI-On Friday,Junel.aUnHhwCabniAax.Esq .Pte. ahoulfit<vrtkeMwould ha namedon the battle ground "net see htm* urge any WililamOuk was detained as a and.aathecffimwBa^BteTtogaadAccordingly, ato'clock A M-, the vicinity of aha upper part awBroadway might have been asea quae astir, wtth fleers a/.tourned tar dlnr^r, winch bad been thoughtfullyprovided for by fOjertff Curbs Subsequently Bcniamln Downingpeered before t b e jaattote prteansra- Inspector Foulk—'What Attorney?Mr. Downing—Why, I expect tothe Mettopcttan pohce hare bean acting tollybutwithouttoecoloroftew.The panics were now advneo to plead guilty,tbey did, aad Woods and King were placed under beads of leCOfech to keep the peace ttw rest, wtth the excep ticnofSmith,weretetoffwithnominal Ones,andhewan committertoWestHimuatoaitmilforincitingariotAfter ihe police had left the ground at Wufett's Point, a atWailac*'s.has wculdmeetattheCentreviuecourse andwith this intj scrubmatchwasgottenupbetweentwowellknownmidthe aaaoaaaMeaataaa lo r die weights of tbe P . K. fraternity, called Young Roberts meltonthecrnrdscamperedIntotheircarriagesagain anaMikeTremor. Theconditionoftbetetter,however,Mff. At Lauraid thither, withDtrectr; they all seemed to wendone way, ant eacn made for the GrandAfter creasing here the party started far thefixture aaaaManai Teat Mew York—at which place they arrived at snout half pent three. Diligent search was* now made for the 'beaks, hot not one could beand the whole company mid the nattering anohoa to their souls that at last uus long talked of contest would. «, % Villar de volptnt was receivedwith cwatawtaam, and her peHormenee of an aria from moment the Inspector got within lieuring clstanoe of the ; which there was no insurance.D i i n i U ' t f i H'T—aOTBIOG »TEM BTBvrcnCtherubicmtad astavorabi,vi,yaadfnretbty aa OaTBT-"Lmda di Chamounix.' whteh aba aang to — - rapturously applauded.nth utt, arrived at Havana at two P. M.,on the 80th,arriving bare teat evening, in four days and four hours,groupwhicamoodaroundthering,besnoutedout,"Get Thearreitandextinguishmentofthisstable fire laanMewaARRIVAL OP THE CAHAVBA-htaUn aad eomfort use iteew depot, B u ttheOosetam Morgan a a d staff, o a to front af the Metro*tttaa Hotel will be formed in Washingat eightBOlOeLADTIBMBAB0 v.lU'rWtaJThabwereaemga. ||Bt WlJfaXOW,ThohBTfFoete: wot tha first wbatas tte sd. *ad Wta»* •Untitled Documentatom wananaaflag of taa< IanTbe Govt to tfaa pvUMa— You Icrprctor ba* laid Wbetbave youtosay*ccmmtncxi to beat tee ta lay ovaSmith, warms he ebe-gee wttt mooing artotaaaj*hour, whan another announcement was made that thewouldfightatewfieldsbelow.Atthistimethere ThestakeholderIntheWoodsandKingaffair,con«id NkTT'SlAUlROirAfatkerwihes:'Astesleaoolienwere about one thousand people on the ground, and they allmovedinabodyasdirected,Glimmering ideas of a "sell "were now plainly man! fasted by the wavering, In whose mind's eye the Palisades no ooubt loomed u p in the ctetanoe. At the place men- tioned the motley throng again stood awaiting the comingering the condition of Weeds right arm and head, whichhe doctors say he will net be able to use in a flattc encounterinsixmonths,willdividethe stakes andadviaethementogiveupalltdeaofrenewingthematch,although Bvaomieroy.ChallengefromJokeC.BeenaatoJoboivtag off tae net The lobbies and boose hare beenranged ana made to blossom like a rose. All the depart-mentaof tae tstsblnhmoai bare been reorganisei, end ruae ring was pitched, tbe rope being borrowed froma ceoted, and, In one mataaee, time and place fixed for the bPIBR.of the men. Some amused themselves in one way, some another, trees were clambered, stakes were driven, and ato be on the tapa between parties residing in AJteghany at atd kins metes—A Brutal aad Coward!* aasantt by the wo the present time. Challenges have been given and ac bee: aad a great variety of Sporting Fowt ta wl*.!"the reirtehment roams hare been neighboring yard. Presently Woods was observed amid affair. OnefightIs for awMto $260, wtth aforfeit of $100Trleopteatema ta tteeTKter r*o»'c*«i» 'rd«a« *l«h odd Bombers (L I •.Tar t,)»reeaefeeautMOtr tt inserinesto aajoihtr primmay may crawIsettiberrnwrs Kvtng rnpvrmtatdrd the drawmgof I Graid « caeclMsiec tiitterv r* l a t w e for the aoaewrai next ef Instntai -mr-wtnii ta the tie e af MtewaIn t h e meantime a n impromptu battle w a s gotten I up, which was, however, soon woken up by the Chief of the Brooklyn penes and ha squad, aad tbe crowd scat taredinalloirecbons. Oneparty,movingoBtothenorth, Ml1 acted me attention of toe iinwe^ume Metropolitans,$10 forfeit.Inrendlarism a t Herlnn—Arrest o f Seve- ral Persons on Suspicion.5'sVa'During the past two wears several incendiary fires have Lino," te which Mrs. weed gives those inimitable operatic moon nought after prjucipiais and everything being in occurred at Harlem and Manhattanviile, ateee whichsetteeOlmj street.atLOCKlTT.ach ACO'htoiFuaoa •ita*t»6 tortr«r,s«»eey **.-iry asraqubedbytew.asf BorrtetaeM of tbe above•Oar Japanese Embassy," la to he done, with '-Jennyano another party, going to the south, contained both theIV too C a n A p r e d a t e Oood F i t t i n gJOHN BAJtAADAT, StoMtavrrtott.Josxs—Mxuc?K—On Thursday, May ST, by the RevTocmaa C Strong, JOBS J. Joaxe, to Mite Bcaui V ., daughter of B bclick Esq , all of this cityMsxxuch— MABBB —On Ihuiauay, May 81, by the Rev. Chas. C. Norton, Captain BXHT F.; bntaum, of the Seventy Brat regiment, to Axxana F . MiASB, daughter of SolomonB.Marsh,Esq,ofRahway,N.J.Rahway papers please copy.ji-pB r».i*.Jihs or w , i g » » , \ ai.*»£D b WuOITlN,WIIJIISCTOS, 1el. bay in. uao friaet payabls In roll, withom tadsreadiness, a still, caubous m».emeni was made over the mam tunnel which biings th" P.u gewood water to the citaeos of Brooklyn A strong effort was now made to Itime Captain Porteraad an men have been ontbeowaja: In oider to detect the offending parties.TMPeta'cons are tevited to eaU Broadway,room19 npama*sFire Marsha! Baker was ano notified by Captain Porter* fighting ctothea, and quite -eady to any his castor, and stepshave beentakenby those two officers, whereby,ottuoaBffa.the popular opinion among the fancy a that he Mdecidedly entitled to the money.rbeey; Letters from Beenaa; Letters from the btfhor LeHtrt from Orator aad other spee'al London rorresnoiu>«ata; 1 ener* from Tern Bayers and the Bdnor of eeivg Ufe wnb fnii oanl eut»r» of 1 he seaOsmeat of the Fight for ia» nuanopi <r«bio-YOTLCI—PSXI.—At the residence of the bride's father, Hall, ha>va revived their btoittons of pedesoiantem, and by means of hang j Several arrests were made by the police on Saturday Stephen & Pell, Esq , Jersey City, en Tuesday, May 2B,tag upon the beeke of onrriagea, began to get night, and Fire Marshal Baker, aided by Captain Porter, by the Rev. J. Penary, Dr. J. J. Yocua to Mas Malt &weary, aad gave up tbe chase Other ardent admirersof tbe meaJy art atul kept an, aad, with their jadedhorses, made e sorry spacWic aa tbey naaead throughthe cheerful villages of Newtown, Fluimng, Sec- Thecompany bad now dwindled down to some seventy-five street. McGovern 'Awr*,t~" b e was a runner of Fire Henry B . Casey, to the 88th year of her age.oronehundredmen,aadbeb.4 ina perfectly famtobad from their all night's exertions, they were only ready to atop at the first hotel or itnen that theyErgmeNo.82. AvonngmannamedJamesElliott,attoa TheretettveBandfrtenCsof thefamilyarerespectfully renter cf the same engine, was arrested, charged with .invited to attend her funeral on Tuesday morning, at half tiring Mr Seamen's stable; and a member of the same past sine o'clock., from the church of St. Franca Xavtor,W, Qewell has leased ttw St Louis theatre for tbewater 1snare It la expected mat Lent, the passed. At Newtown, the firm pmiece rreached, a perfect fire company, named Laurence Onion, pas arrested for Btxteenth street, without further invitation ,wan dlHgeatry engaged all day on Sunday investigating tote toe origin of the recent Area. Two boys, named Daniel McGovern and Idward McKeirnan. —.~custody on suspicion of setting fire to tbe dwelling ta 196thPEX, all of the above place.interferugwiththeofficersandendeavoringtorescuetoe p r i s o n e r .i-:,r£TBI rmrfiBTTBG FANCY.The Prttaburg Journal aays —Three prise tights are said Beeaaa the aesnowwdsed Champtoa of tte Word tae Woodstoray was made upon ev. :;tt.ag in the auape oi t h eeating or ormaicg, and we are Barry to addthat In most cases u wee tekan without pay. whereinItwasshownthattaiders BetasaaaPoteen,two Hisfriendsaad Mmfriends ef tte fatofly,and ef the forsalebyTsettBcnywastakenyesterdaybeforeJustioeBrownaD, cootselleratlaw,aged>8years.enintopupiloftheParlaOoneervatoire' the proprmtore aad berk'^pen tstnlng to think ofthemountedpoliceefthatnerd,wereontheBloom lateFrederickPiece,areinvitedtoattendbitfuneral,they bad* been invaded by Wolverines A at Bsrnum'i Museum. M ae. St. Laurent's of irftf>w»r*irr* a kted to have been cribbed here,mgdate road, near Ninety seventh street, whoa the alarm from hte tote residence, No. 862 West Fiftaeato attaet, tonwas given of the fire to tbe stable by tte ringing of too (Monday) afternoon, at tour o'clock, without further in boiltopofThirtytwoenginebouse.Theofficersgal BABPMiAPAPE,.and drew e lerge Mr.Poanairakl,aa 1minima vtolmiet, pupilof a BSBBSI'I at Ytaaaa, ptertog a mostotmcult'-concerto'' ay hla msater, aa wellaaanori- gmel'-nocturne' and ••caprice." The critics apeak verywell of the young artist.A Mae Haven* paper says:—Gottschalk fare another 0*The hla lebghttui oancerm to Habanarcs b a t Saturday ~crowd, who heard of the nulter, ware muchthai ailhandsshouldhave been ''barred out"fromparTbejourney waanowcontmubd, and after a long,ta dmoe riae, the celebrated spot which has caused go moon anxiety to speculative pobmnasa, WHmttw Point,was r-ached,andtheringwaaanon pnlihed. Wecannotany much for the mechanical excelleni» of the euc osure. but it seemed to satary the party, particularly Wools, who ahmd h n cantor to the ring at just nine o'clock.loped up lOCth street,andcould see the smoke tera- irg from the stable, dattant about one hundred foot from tbeenginebouse; theBremen were octaad asked toe officers tbe whereabouts of tbe fire; officer Bates passed toefiremen,sprangovertbefence,andrandirectlytotha stable; therebecouldseetbefireburningamongstsomebay and straw by the merger; just aa tbe officer entered tie stable he met James EUlott coming oat; on seeing the officer, Elliott called fire and for an axe: the officer did no* wait for aa amy, but took hold of a pail of water at band and threw it oa the fire, whteh Buhdued the names enough to enable htm to loose the two horses, and getCBBACK—On Sunday afternoon, June 8, after ashort Bteeas, Mrs. CATHAXWX CCIUCK, widow of the late John Cusack, ofCaafael, county Ttoperary, Ireland, aged68yeeaiThe relatives aad friends ofthefamilyaretavttedto attend thefuneral,from herlate residence,No.4Bhme street, on Tuesday afternoon, at two 0 clock precisely. Ber remains will be taken te Calvary Cemetery.J B.BICEtortHet>BB e n A aKtirantiB <i.BXB A BYBOPO.EAT A HOAGLABT*.. ,.. .. $f Pti 1»T Af«AFfomn...... ay COBBAD»OX, SI FALL ABTJOEaX.. ..?. tte BAL D ZO> A COBABAAL BUBLMT A I BAlter exchanging oongraiirfeuons with h is friends h e began to exeame the ground ano stakes, and although not much rettshag either, be accepted taem at they were.CCBBT—On Sunday morning, June 8. at two o'clock. after a lingering ilntss. MASQABXT, wife of James Curry, of toe parish of ColombkiD, county Longford, Ireland te the 47th year of her age.CBBM —...84 J B BASABD.... HI Bt T t A BXabrBABB »1» •cBBBCOM A BOBBINS..... $1 P. D. CBYtti MLouvre, wbJCh M admirably adapted to ooacertiailed to overflowing by a moat fashionable and epprectative eodtenea Ivory seat was occupied, aad upwards of Wooca, aiihougn looking a Itstle the worse for recent them safely from the stable. One or two more pain of Tne relative* and friends of the family ere respectfully PBirniD PABKBB Atare hundred were obliged to stand np throughout the A faateeta, eompoaed ana executed by great enthottaam, and a duet fromdbatimtion, attil appeared calm and confident: his tellframeandmuacumrappearanceseemingreadyforanywater, applied by the officer, were sufficient to extinguish thefire.TheofficeratoncesuspectedElliotofbeingthe person who bad fired toe stable, and forthwith took himinvited to attend the funeral, from her tern residence, No 206WestFortyeighthstreet,this(Monlay)afternoon,at three o'clock, without timber tavtmuon.CIPHBS8—On Saturday, June 2, Pans 8. CrraKaa, aged88years,8monthsaad2daysbt WBBPIBCBaT HBDfB ABMA-Brnv ... .... ... $MP"La rareraa,"bytheTestes,weewarmlyapplauded.after staging e duet from "The Blue Domino," weregreetedwttna prolonged murmur,which snowed approbatam mete than the clapping- of needs, watch aleeone of the moat brutal onslaughts ever perpetrated ! revolver, and threatened to shoot toe first man who invited to attend tbe fliteral, from his lata residence 768TBObaB A f r u i t ,8. B TAB prfifB......... M WABD C\A«B A CO.. , WHJELEE ABABTbOBUAB A Ail I F P. O. WBluB A COkm 1 of work.King wan now teen leaving the hotel, and making for I into custody in ;=o doteg, however, he found a strongA a B A B D P A aPBUUP BCBJAFFIUB ACOm••easy819Peer-atenff liethering,buterebehadbme10raaen Utheeverlastingj oppcettton marie bymembers ofthat company,aada TheaneareNatah,whoseemtobegreatfavorites in He- pottce again were on the groend, and cimmenoad• rescue waaattempted, theofficer,however,drewhteiicce the organization oi tne Metropolitan force Inapec torJohn£ Fooikheaoedsomadmx, men,whoseemed in a perfect frenzy of exc ttmrnt and revenge. They cane open the ground fairly bowling with rage, and thefurther attempted to interfere Tbefireburnt a portion oftoesideofthestallandapartoftheweatherboards. At the time of toe fire Mr. Seaman had twenty one cows and two horses, valued in all at upwards of $1,0C0, onGreenwich street, ton (Monday) afternoon, at one o'clock. withoutfurtherinvitation.CaHFBXLL.— In Brooklyn, oa Sunday, June a, Wiuxaa CABTBUX, BOBof Norman Campbell, a native ot Inver neat, Sdbttend, agrd 28 years.Thefmetal willtakeplacefromhnlate residence,Noout of this, you a. of b——. Men, go in and give em evidence of tbe vigilance of the mounted police, and 2V7FuitdB avenue, Brooklyn, this (Monday) afternoon, Ahell"With tha amiable Invitatoc on the part of their 00m-tbe prompt manner to which they act in cases ot emer gentry. The prisoners were taken before Justice Brown- well, and committed for a further hearing. W e unaer stand that the Fire Marshal and Cant Porter are inat two o'dtock, to GreenWOODCemetery. relations are invited to attend.8k>ney papers pteaee copyThe friends andI T ' i bkl>lC» v s i , PA TAB a t at»ll ewefnl .>-—~.-- J"-the men needed no other Incentive; toe dancemanner, 1 been ted w ss ,-uU; suiticumt, and at It they hadBULTABD PAl^rF-FTFTBWjr T»PUto PLAT IB». hareareems Oturt aad kemsea atieeta Broakrys, tag United States steamship fJahaoba, J. W Bmith, tbey went, more like demons than guarliana of potsetsion cf facta which will break up this gang of June 2, FBBDBSJCX L»WKI_\CB,OI!J son of Allred and Ensa Paltoaavdloe Ainan. few lo>k B*»fc»OBb'titabraa. BaPa ataxd at»at»M rua ttatyMASO>[.—At 380 West Twenty third street, on Saturday. der,frem Mew Orleans, at eight A. M on the the peace, aad commenced an indiscriminate at- oefperadces. The case will be further Investigated this Mason, sgeo 2 years, 2 months aad 29 oaya~ baabveli ataee amifrom Havana, The Canewba has had aetightful weetherthe entire passage The city and harbor 0 Ha akul 6 unser tbe mereueae cru:•1-*it these galumt knightsVbe Forrest Divorce Ci S-tTBRlOB COUBT—SPECIAL TSBK.c0MPETRI0B CBALUBOED.The funeral will take place this (Monday) afternoon, , B k l U I I l A C M J « ; » ^LCCKBTJICB BAWiaa be ox-o' tbe batin Without giving the people an opportunity perfectly healthy. The two hospitals to Ottperae, tbey would follow up tbe fleeing crowd, and of the hey, which are usually devoted to withthen-ciuOBfellanyonewithmtheirreach,andthen,Before Hon. Judge Moccricf.Jrxi 2 —CofAartae y. Fbrrat v. Bdtosn Fvrrttt—Mr. street.tack upon anv and ever)bod> whom they could get a chance a t innocent or guihy, were all the nuns to tbelr cowardly assaults People living In the neighbor- hood, on their way acroat the fituoa, ted with bleedingo»yMOBAS—On 8un<-ay, June 8, after a abort and severe lUneas, Cxcar, the beloved wife ef Patrick Moraa, in the 66th year of her age, a native of Kilpipe, county Wick tew, Ireland.C'Conor tppfiedonttepartof plaintifftorafinaldecree McGirmrr our aaiiorB, beve come to a a undarataadiag with pernaps, two or three ethers would fail upon tbe unforto- to compel Mr. Fori eat to provide such suitable eJJowaneeOnSunday morning. June S, HBWKTateby which the contract system te ta aata prcetrata, ana m tbe moot cruel and mahemus man- to the plaintiff far fear support aa tte Court anail deem GIYSSY, a native of the pariah of Granard, comity Long. dbea^altawed < - ^ * » ^ . Y i v T . Pnpmtobmsteal.ner beat him until he was coveted with gore and unable be given up, runners to be dmeaenad wtth, and no to move.chargesmace tarburials save tbeactual exsoaseaof JonnWoodshimselfendeavoredtogotawaybyjump- churchfeesgroundrtgnt,AcwheretheyarepiecediningintoacoachwtthsomeMend*anddrivingoff,butrefereebeconfirmed,andthatthadefendantpaytothestreet,Brooklyn,onTuesdayafternoon,atthreeo'clock.«tatoriOeettaebreathbob-by»I)n»pcer«Me1thecemeteriesof HavanaorBegte—bothhospitalstohaveoneadministration TheHavanafriesCurrentofthe39thstatesthatthtsevigilantpolice,whoareneveraroundtodttcovera ruttedStatesTrustCompanyorNewYork,fortheuseof MAGTIXB—OnSunday.June 3,JABTBEnaxiBX,wife of murdereroaourpublicstmts,couldnotseesuchgame tbeplaintiff,tbesumef$36,698—beingtheamountad Georgeaaguire,andcacghterofJohnendEmeltneCrate. esoapt,andaowighlwaybrokeinthacarriage,andaa jucgedbythoCourttobeoneonthereportoftoereferee; Tbefriendsofthefamilyarerespectfullyiavitedtoat- Woodslumpedoutattbeother-,'xiberasknockeddown anothefurthersumaf$98698forcosts,disbursements, tendthetuners',onTuesdayafternoon,attwoo'slock, byablowfromaclubontbeneck,andthenbostonuntil fromber late residence, Devoe street,near Bushwickeverywhere B.BUBAP.BEwftetas" forBowTars.UaadItfartrow.aitgarmarketofthepan wee*hadbeenquite activeinBBiumentaofpreviouspurchasers Buyers wore coming becoulunotspeut Ho skullwashorriblyout,hisfore- andinterestthereon maHugteallthesumof$86,66998, avenue,WilliamBburg.EQUALIZEABBTBPW»BBPfOWlTBOUTATall* tadtoenanwtthomb«ard. Ifyearreardwawtavw. tryC'Rnrntwinfrwe*Itpit•*]-»rtaasd«et'tatataorta- juretheakta. Prtee$1: »ei•-fcyroa'laarwarretorw»rdmorefreely No12quoted at»*»to8»,realsBtocA on hand at Havana and batabaaa, 2&6,00n boxes, arm broken, ana toe bones in nls hand iraetored in seve-whichmakesitabout97OOuteathanteatyearatsame ralplact-s.John Cleveland, who a billiard keeper atLafayette Ball,forwhichsumfinalJudgmentwasthis dayenteredtethe Clejk's office.Supreme Court—Special ' Btfore Hon Jodge Bonney.B. O.OOABAVM.109beOLOM—On Burnley. -June 3, of marasmua, MaaaABHB Lot'MA,daughterefJamesA andMaryOman,aged2 IjjiBEBCH? HOTMb years and 2 monthsLturets.KT.do.Freeh's have been more active, without attateteg theLTJBCB B«OM FBBBCB'B HOTBLLrhcaBoenWtn he spentton Tasaday.fth teat. WSlbeon Broadway. aad who waa quite orderly aad well be- haved, waa dreadfully beaten aoout the bead, and had two fingers broken. It waa observed by amny thatNew York, atxty days sight, )» to ), 00 ; New in which Uiey came up, the police would, white walk- action be set sside. and tte cause placed oa toe SpecialYocs, taree days sight, I X h»$ de ; Now Orleans, sixty ing alone:, take the ends of their clubs, aad, wtth epithets, Circuit calendar lor June 9. $10 costs of motion to costs age.JCHBi.—The (tetevacf Cite Bank vt Cluu. H Xitek'M — Exchangee—Lonoon, sixty days sight, 12), to 18 pro- upon taking their prnononi to tbe large omnibus An order may be entered that toe inquest taken to theThe friends of tbe farcify are invited to attend ber fune- ral, from tbe resteenoe of ber parents, No. 662 Seventh avenue, this (Monday) afternoon, at two o'clock.PTXMIXT On Sunday, Jane 8, RHMAKU HAMBI, BOO of tbe Bev. Gardiner Spring Ftemby, mtbe 4th year of hteFuneral at Metechen, N J on Tuesday morntog, at half past ten o'clock. Cars leave Cor Uandt street at nine o'clock A.-M.Sous—Oa Friday evening, Juae l.Jona D Sams, of ai<high rates previously givenKe\T>rleaas, three to eight day's onye atpha, a to 1 do " - - -strike those whom they had tn charge to ton moat cowardly mannerGeorgeKing,thecher principal,was dragged oat of the hotel, aad only for h n beggia* them not to "dcolubtbeto the came, aad to abide the event.Naval Intelligence.About one hundred and seventy four of the crew ofbbn.as be would g» peaceably " have been served in theK " ~ *TM *in dry dock tbe firm of Srmea and Buffer, te tbe tOt year of hte age. tte United States ship Niagara, now to dry 'hnto toHte friends and acquaintances, atto those of hte aaas. Wilbam H. aad Edward C . hte brothers George G and Edward S , hte brothers to tew Frederick B Lee, J. W. 8. Howe aad Jena Burling, are reapectfully tevbed to at- tend tte fuberal, without further notice, on Tuesday after | noon at four o'clock, from B t Stephens church, cornerand Cbryatte streets Theremainswill be tn- torred te tbe marble cemetery te Second street-TAB Hcrrax.-cm Saadey, Jons 8, Emus i Hrna.wtfo ofDaBtelB.YaaHoutenInthetwentyfirstyearofbarP»WOLP BDDT A CO.. Wlnat ' OrtaWOOD,BOOTkOO.I funeral,fromMASA gOCTBOra BTECPwould noteat, having regard to tbe circumstances of toe parties respectively. TbeCourtordered thatthereportoftheford, Ireland.The friends of the family are respectfully Invited to at-CBBBOKBB BtbAM A » LaFaMBdi BPbtitrto Itae uarcrtaaaia r>>rea ordmarr aKtabnas ta tsedaan, andubtuji•laaaaaataataortPare Itdoaaawtmti1fatewHashteWilliam Clark waa also badly beaten and placed under Saturday evening teat, temporarily, on board the o'clock. Tbe trteaca of too temiiy are tertted toarm* Tbte person waste th* neighborhood on b r * —Carolina, where they are to remain until tte repairs required on thewithout further Portsmouth, Nnotice. H , forT h e remains will b e interment.- , - . « _ i n d bsaBby hm«w b not fcaw^a Bote tamutilated, Addison Smith w e e fearfully mutU-*-face and head cut te every av«cboa.Barney Klernan, cut oa the aide of hto heed. MwfcaalWarrenwasanothereftbeuafcrtaa ThomasBurns,who,itMand,a aspecialdtsheriff was knocked upon tte heed and very badly — tare White bad hn arm badly bruttod, aadoneware hurt, who made their itmoatedabneat miraculous that therekutea oaths spot,Avbtegnr.wao wasat tte hotelarrived, and who remained, aa be said, to •• am tte upon tte appearance of tbe aquad put —requisitewillbe completedbefore tbearrival eftteJa- ~ - ray at New York, aad tte Niagara will beTATLOB—OaBatnrday,Juae 3,Josam B.TATLOB,la gvttyeerofbnsge.tte____AM BTEMIMIiCttP lTPMaBABP FEMALEhorse, and tte police, not betochn program, shot a ptotol dehtjeratofy at aim, bat, withouteffect. Eventbe——oweofthe d i d n o t e a c a p e t n e i r s a m . h t ented to, be tet to. part,to,,ctd » - . a hm as a parTX^paat but t tt net pveaa * *br Cwit Wing now r«at y to t « rl **Jg^aem-lte beat iata»Fnratelyavpjadat»«.»•teteBateandtaiaU,)v *VB«BKLl.ia -TBE CBAJMB A savtterm are ail away, cotter Vhaat atoUa,B you'll give meCO e OtaseEmmsd bcuerieaofCtaas$47. Jewst -~-81, 84.o2,16.aw^Vr4. 14, 48.40, 75,60,67,4ft.la* * HtWaS, DAT1B**00,***Ci1st*dcto*o Hair l>TO, Wigra,hMUnited States receiving ship Northro< gbne-a.m»tioD blotches..arnnuona. yteM to tea pataaer of B i atine ttw» •rpaatedly removed the freektot frtm the face of myFall Accoant of toe Rare tortteo Greattransferred on funeral services will take place at ate ante rtr1-— at tbe Brooklyn Navy Yard, were No. 10 Lcxtegton avenue, tote (Monday) afternoonKKAPP* BPB1BO ABT> aTBfwBB KBTBBAOl BveryaeratD csanoww»ab»tabaaOaaatwi awdtaanhr bevesago by aame Eaaca'a Cnattaa>»iad mraaetsef boms.Niagara are completed Upon -- theshiptadrydock,.i».!—a veaeei aa ever' - . AM^MImveetlgation of foundthatsheisSana—suddenly, on bur.day, Jane 8, Joan QCABBT. senofJohnT.andMargaretL.amah,aged10monthsand Therelativesaadfriendso-ttefamilyareinvitedtoat-?n» occurred was occasioned by tbe packingtaabaaawhteho'clock, from their residence. No.8without further notice. The remains will b* remedied whLctoe ship remained afloat Tberepalra Gaatawood.* O X* ^ l T ^ yWith the propeller becoming displaced, aad tbe error could notby those observe her swanlike proportionsC7 tmo D o l n w rka-wooti Blpy A 0 0 , BteaarneniLaWAwAaBanB,mmgmmrrawnaweo DP BmI A A Ww a n x - n a t a a O n a s s B o _w h oarecurioustowin.tJoff,tobeT, 10, *4. 67, S, 44. 6, 86, 22, 6b, 68, 78, 21. —1'eatandtotternlay Let- raiawaan-cnassBoto*JeanImm.Juha Fox, No 1,838, shouted tottavdte.No 1.ltd, a:worthyfellowruffiantetf tte lepartara came near they would put ata be worked up to such a pitch, and tte cooauct of ~ *-Satabaaced toe havoc rmnt aaa ieft,aotgivemeaormkofbrandyandwamr. oM»o,aaiedrtefc.rmwfifi])gtobe seat to the State prl- aon for seven years " Accther party, apooarmg at toe wtedow, atked k|prctor Foulk to k t him te, as he was afc»K, aatohatac Ba-2.50,47,3,t,26,40,il,80,15,27.20,28. Oboaiars aaat free at eaargw by amtemateg eiia**- toLadles' Dress Rosetto TrlaaaalCABBY.—Oa Sunday, Juae S, anus BLaaxsxr wife ofTherelativesandfriendsofthefamilyareleepectfuliy «. W TBATBB...at two o'clock, from her late residence, No. 894 EighthFnr tamtr» «a» aad •Mmalaatorto g p« .erl"*d PrtaeBtP *rmp**»* »"* avmavetf *e. • - -^ act bavtai eeD aaaena aerrwiatadaled AgenO wasted, mratltendhnfuneral,frombislate residence, No.814HicksImported asb 'fwtelf.BtaBKIaOS OCIDE—TBnT tend the funeral, to* (tteedey) » « — « • .» a„tmo M o»], whrtaal tnd ****** . „M _.*Thefrtends o fPIKIPHOPfBP POBT vMBB, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 