 >«ard; for jconotusirM this point, wtth his, >neot the jhiiparty w is pUia itn*ola©x- ?!!. Brock- et States ofwhati'Mir. id that we tbey a r e . managers that lahas.oer- and bin-Monday>nstration,U Expressthe nuna->r*a greetcredit to *ey for toe sn say so^hsenratrre jives witk larva of the naction IxceUency lot a single the city, '.D.Keo- ?bum, M r . Cr. J. 4uLaroque, mention leading SI of them piacc to ft le that the bills, and |P residents that theAmerican [nee to this |hi* r»con-ti-r basis. l*»se leadbe pua-Erprtss,te amongto con- >nal" dis-"l y . a r o a l - then, look [forgiven iief ring at »t of Boa- Mi among.facoin's »t;cv, Wft$ch l bi* ••wit ! . • J *,-t: v»Jf r>-n fin- toriolox**._ B i » « t » y fret raw and>mm: toon• di*rord, t deem• RrrlrJ of>r of im- Mr.Lout 'era intendbe part of -to over- Goyern- \d iwaoe- Dongla* t he willwtttated rhat then to do . >n Wedistrict ated the «s. Hesewed a n ;a the against >t.r City for himiiblicans Mr. C. States,didates.li forma jly,*and easoo— her than ; in Cal- hey are. •? Elect-ee rtain. fire for antagesrant it.n Meet- use of sideota. id Wii- pHrtiei-ner are lined t o fattiob; iincoln, iag h?<*'. Pine, »t and fhed in i?>e.nt "for. w gone nd the:*:i'„wa*of the i *dical emade^lihport, t oijiy i to. thei Ward No.5&fclectedi>HC<— wan—*T3t aa-Ti-^,1gerald, Sixth Lieutenant; Lieut H. W. Andrews, del-.^m^js^k/• * .M i n - . t i L .<rWhen the Democratic party did this they were false topermanency and difference of shade'iudicatc anarrange- their pledges; and no noheet man could go with them.. Baker, Secretary; C. A Runtel, Corresponding Sec- officially ascertained, and it is hardly fair to take com-<>affair causes much excitement in the city, and oar citi- into two halves/ one half moving in one direction Mr, IhiUips enlarged upon the petty commercial complain. He believed"it would befar mote conserva- tbe evils inenmbering the latter. Speeches were alsorThe dale {in the CJair.GREAT LOSS OF EEE ANO PROPERTY.MOBILX, Ala | Monday Sept. 17, 1860. J The gale at this port waj very;severe.Five steamboats were sti ok diirmg the storm.The ship 3L N. Dixey jo«md from New-York for cert, and to-morrow opens the Provincial Pair, whichdifferent from that of the fathers. He never had be- lieved this doctrine,anddidnotnow. It"advecat*0a*eTHE LAIEST NEWS. SEC! 1VKD BYasunder unless they aT* pcrmitti»d to hold it. This isabout 10 a: m.J P r o mand will scon bare termicated his present brilliant depend upon the'eccentricity of the ellipses any further campaign by going into Wiater| quarters—if the sole- than that the planet will receive less light from the sun, 9iem-may te allowed—in the region of the sun. and so be less conspicuous, the further his eccentricSince the begionlng'of the yeir he has had a splen- path carries him away from that luminary. His disc,prepared to bear that whole drifting, con/used, drown- not fitting tbe slavo-so-as to fit him forwbat must be composer^—which?-baa no ictus of rude health or super-ing, IoBt-hearted mass of men, with all the rest of their h^B condition eventually. But if be is always to be a ficial glare to coamend it, but is as delicate as AryWa&hJtajrtov>fellow-citizens, safely and -surely.onward into the slave, hMvimprovement must be retard^, and be kept Sehaeffer's Christv* ConAolator—was added a de- still waters of' national prosperity and peace. Mr. b£ck.. it may be paid these are questions that do notWASHINGTON,!rueaday. Sept. 18,1860.Curtis gave brief but graphic pictures of the candidates belong to the peoole of:the FreeStates; bathe'claimed, lectable double - shuffle of an accompaniment which were cheered to the echo. He said it was the as a citizen' of' Kansas, that he .had a vital interest in in the noises of the lobbies—there being out-signifying "rivalling Mars in splendor;" and by the Aiabians, Latins and Greeks, names signifying." the Scorpion a heart " With the glory of this star our own Profe?sor Mitchel has linked his namej by having firft pointed ont its binary ohardcter.e>|Movements of Sekator Douglas. planet courped alongj and ioto the face of the Archer'sheretofore stated, is the lowe *t bidder. It ia expected that a decision will be officially announced to morrow. The President has reappointed Postmasters Lemon and Groove*, at reepeetive!y|jLaporte and Logansport, Indiana; and removed M u l l e n , Postmaster of Pada-eah, Ky., and appointed JohA C^ Noble in hia p.'ace.his principles were national because he could? speak in equal to a system of free labor; it must have a bad Violette, is a soprano of dramatic vigor and power,the- South- ss well as the North, whi'e .Republicans effect on tbe masters. In an economical point of view, and commands the plaudits of the audience. SignorBOCHKSTER, Tuesday, Sept. 18,1860. Mr. Douglas left Syracuse at 7 a. m. At every sta- tion on the road the usual demonstrations were made,and at Rochester and Lyons, jwbere large crowds gath-chances are many to one that the two bodies will not thusiasm. very comfortable to have tlie menial offices performed the public,is promised a eight and hearing of both. IfMr. RICHARDS then presented a plan fo?> circulating by slaves; but by-tbe invention of free labor nearly Amodio's; brother can' beat Amodio he will do morea life.of Lincoln, in German, throughout Pennsylvania. three fourth's of tb*ee offices are obviated. It is theIt was etated that tbe engraving was already paid for nature of labor to elevate m*n; and it is this which will than any other baritone has achieved here.and that $400 was wanted to pay for 20,GOO copies of eventually enable the slave to be free. If the slaves The public were ve ry well pleased 1* st night. Ne w-ered, Mr. Douglas wa* ealledlforth and nude briet ad- spangled heavens—a dominion which be enjoyed near-dresses, and was received witjh much' enthusiasm. At ly alone and unchallenged. For Jupiter had disap-Auguet, 1719, the same thing happened, and Mars wasto-the master, but never to the community; there would York has' so many artists of one sort or another that a weeks. •'•••', be more power even as intelligence isi more powerfnl second opera is possible; but witii a thin orchestrathe Rochester depot many hundreds of citizens assem-bled on the arrival of the train, and the pressure was peared in the -we9t, and Saturn was not far behind, then BOmuch blighter than usual as to excite consider-After eome routine business the Association adj ourned« than ignorance. Holding theee views*, he thought thatand thinner chorus, and such scenery and decorationsable alaim among the. ignorant. .'•..-• .....'Professor Airy, Astronomer Royal of England,pointed out,some years ago the value of the present opposition of Mars aa-afforoing a means of determining anew the diotance of the sun from us, or, as it is known, hisparalJtx. Thisdistance^andtheresultingdimen- sions now aeeigned to the solar system, are based on the results of .observations made on the lart transit of Venus, which occurred iu 17G9. The accuracy of tfiese results requires confirmation,- and aetronomcrs had looked forward to the next pair of transits of Venus, happening in 1874 and 18S:2, as the nearest and onlythat at Syracuse o<»urred, tbilough females and boysgetting near the p'atfomi at £n early hour, and being Goat he paused, turned bis back upon the sun, slowly opportunity in this or the next century for the completeeROCKY MOUNTAIN CLUB. •when Mars appeared at midnight in the east. Venus efficient srra? gements of Colj C. T.^Vmsden toe pro- bad gotTai'ly out of the meshes of the sun, and with cession "was formed- without)} inconvenience and Mr. the fieetne8S of Diana was spinning along eastward ofX>ouglas was conduct* d.at once to the Esgle Hotel. A him, and erjojed, with Jnpiter apd Saturn, a splendid great number of strangors itrr||ved in tbe c;ty during themornicg, and Donglaa Clubs !|from surrounding cities triple reign in the early evonicg. The.ruddy godattendedinuniform,accompaniedbybaudsofmasic. seemednotunconeciousofbis,o>portunity,f0r, after The excitement appears on $ae increase as Douglas Jupiter and Saturn were quite out of the way,, hepToceeda Westward, for the meeting in the afternoonlully equalled thaXut Syra^n4» yesterday, while large clothed himself in robes more suitable to royalty, andKansas should exclude Slavery from her borders; notgreat to catch a sight <>f Mr. Douglas, butowing to thefr< m hoetil ty to the South, but from justice to them- as an Apollo of infinite mercy vouchsafes. This is a The-first of. the. regular meetings-of the Rocky 3elvee. But there is another questvn, as to the rights free country for artists, and if they vibrate betwixt theMountain Republican Club of Kings County was held ofthe Government, acd of the States, in controllino: Academy and the sacred concerts cf lager-beer saloons, in the Wigwam, opposite the City-Hall in Brooklyn,lastevenirg. At8o'clockprecisely,Mo*.Mudgett,the tKnisbasedontbeideathatfreelaboriethe'bestcal- ofthemusescanbetransferredtotheAcademictreas- President of the Club,"called the meeting to order. He culated to.found and perpetuate.a true system of Gov- urer's box, it would be better to have one establish- stated that the Club had been organized since last ernment. If Slavery was extending and pressing ment, for certain,it is that, two opera-houses are one April;, and had organized workiDg Grabs all over the forward, as is the free labor of the North, it-IsVrd. He thenintroducedHon.FRiiOKRiCK P. STAN- would be impossible to keep them out of too rxany, and some'imes two too many, "Birds in TON, Ex-Governor of Kansas, who was welcomed;, the Territories. It. wes provided; for that the their little nestaagree," but we believe the poet saysadditiot.-s w^ere made to the vibitors from the conatry during the afternoon.we see him, abr.ut the middle of 'June, enteriug Capri corn with sixteen times tie sjplexsdor he wore six months earlier, and ruling the heavens right royallyThe meeting was held in W a 8 ^ D g t o n square, whichwas densely packed with people. A scene aim.lar to during nearly the entire night At the nose of thewith loud applause. free labo» should; take possession of the Territories: Mr. Stanton said ho had the h:nor to appear in that/ and it is right that this Government should be on&ofnothing about tbeir union ticket after they learn tb sing- - •.caught in the pressure when t e space filled up. Sev retraced his steps, and thus lengthened his nightly •re-solntion of the problem. The great importance ofa.different purpose. He was then advocating the claims., Hamlin;. not that b« thought they would oppress in any-eral had to be rescued from i e crowd over the.plat- form. 7%€Rochester Union put! down the number in the open eqnare it 20 00CJ to 30.000. Judge Doug- las's speech presented no newj fda'ures, except on the subject of the Missouri CvTujirotuwe- He claimed he had always supported and typhoid the Miwouri Coaa- promire so long as the peopbi of tbe Free Statfes were willing to abide by it, and, to 1848, had introducedla bill which was passed by tt|e Sennte, extending thehne to the Pacific. The Hon* rejected that bilf7 and he claimed, if it had passed )(t it would hive settledreign, which grew more and more splendid till abou;. the middle of July, when he shine with a luetsr forty times.greater tban attended him pae year before!At tbi* time Venus, in the Very midst Of her tri- umph, became entangled in the toils of the wily banter again, and disappeared from sight, while Jupiter and Saturn became le*8 aj.d less eve ry day as they neared the sun, so that Mars soon enjoyed, without a single rival, the sovereignty of the whole heavens. Bat this was not to last. On the 20th August he turned and ie8umed:his eastward journey. The sun was fast ap- proaching, .with Venus and Jupiter already bright be- fore him in the early morning, and Saturn not far behind them. Nevertheless, Mara had as yet nearly the whole nigU to himself. Coming.,back towardCapricorn, which he isnow ahontt) enter, he quickens his pace as his glory fades, and is now moving among the stars nfarly half a degree every day, or about the breadth of the full moon. Before the' sun over- takes him he will be inconspicuous among the stars.this problem, and the fact that with all .possible care,,Slavery agitation forever, been defeated by a unio:e charged that it had of FreeSoilers and then combined against ey now combine againstNebraska, bill pledged to the people of Kansas the i-igb-t to conduct their own affairs without molesta- tion, and the right to be received into the Union as a Free or Slave State, as they chose.become in fact the gr^at democratic party of tbw country. He supported tbe party who dares to assert the truth and maintain it; .none of the parties had dtone this ex- cept the Republican. These reasons justified him ia changing hie poeition. He had not changed much; butopera, of large meanings and elaborations, aud should command a crowded attendance.CAPTURE OF WALKER.CONFIRMATORY ACCOUNTS. IMPORTANT PARTICULARS—IN ADDITION.By the steamship Empire Gny, arrived at this portSouthern fire-eaters, whothe Missouri Compromise asPopular-Sovereign'y. He s ke an hoar and a half,The charge he had to make against the Democratic he should be ashamed to be stationar/ when all the party, and the reason he was their enemy, and was de- world was in motion. ,termined to defeat and destroy them, was that they Mr. Stanton was repeatedly cheered throughout the.had proved false to the pledges of 1854. Under the delivery, of his epeecn,' and at its. close six roosiag pretext of giving to the people of Kansas their rights,and the speech was well r being evinced. The Hon. presided over the meeting.vtd, much enthusiasm ph Field, ex-Mayor,citementwith a proces-they repealed the Missouri Compromise. He ougat to say that he concurred in that repeal, believing it to be right, and having a sincere intention to substitute iu lieu of it the principle he had referred to. It became hie. fortune to be concerned in the administration of the law he had helped to pass;, and he ffeli baur:-d to «-irry out the pledge which they bad made to the peopU ofcheers were given him. After a fow remarks by,Mr. yesterday, we have confirmatory acoonute from Hon- Couch, the meeting adjourned. /.To-night the streets axe allanon, bearing torches, band of musk, &c. Manythousand strangers remain in wn, giviog the place anappearance of a general hoKc y . At the headquartersof the Union men, opposite tqu Eagle Hotel, a greatbell is kept constantly tolling' Bonfires blaze on allpublic thoroughfares, and ^demonstration is unrival- He will continue, however, for some time yet the—Tbe Republicans of the Twentieth Ward are in an unhappy state of divisi ns,'but k is hoped tbat. the action of a meeting held last evening iu the unfinished L'b rfy Hall, on Thirty-second street, between the Sevemh andduras, of the capture of Gen. Walker, together with some 70 of hie followers, on the river Rio Negro.The telegraphic dispatches mention tbe name of a " Col. Kudler" who is t j be shot along with Walker Tbe Prcnsa prints tbe name "Rattler.".led in point of spirit and extew. .Congressional PTomination.PHZLAOELPHIA, Taesiay, Sept. 18, I860. Philip Johnson of Eaoton has be«»^minBted.ftrbrightest of the starry bests o: the first half of thenightBut, as he passes by slow degrees outof eight, theattentive amateur will not let him, therefor^ pas3 out of mind, for, he is now an object of tliis peeikr inter- est, viz., that he exhibits a phase; thafc is to eay, his disc now shows some deviation i rom a circle. This de- viation, according to Sir John Harschel, never exceeds one-eighth of the disc; though Admiral Smjth, in hisand unpromising^ but tremendously earnest and deter-mined questionir g. The past history of the world will down to the. points where all these' difl1-,obw»s con- tfe coate, ai d to lead the true flock to the pastures of graphic version. Immediately upon the capture of thsCongress by the Democracy « the this State. rXI Ut a 1'• I Massachusetts Polities.BOSTON, Tiesday, Sept. 18,- 1»W.anything more than a mere technical, leg»1 ot4%<li«»». yEverybody knows that tho great mass of tt* iv.^tU* petent, but actually alien to t e eanse, aid intrudingwere utterly opposed to tha whole coucrn. After- . tiiw-n tre.delir.erat.ions of the members those wlv> hadward, a Legislature was called to. p»ss a lav author- no ritfht to ehar»\in them—these indignities pointing to the Hondnran General, ncarshed hack to Truxillo,iI-"•• I*V.Edward Dickinson of AmhAst declines the nomina-tion of the BeU and Everett Convention for Lieuteu- Celestial Cycle, states, with singular cWreles8ne3s, thatant-Governor. it amounts in quadratures to half 'ac^cle ! This gib-Minnesota State Convention.^ bous aspect is not conspicuous to the novice, though anCHICAGO, Tuesday, Sept. 18, 1S60. - experienced eye early detects the alteration of theTie whole party were then, under the comma-id ofThe Breckinridffe Democracy, in State Convention at St- Paul on Thursday last, nominated a fuU State and Electoral ticket. Senator Rice; was present, and sua le a speech against Mr. Douglas.Convention of ^P^mg^ff^\ BOSTON, Tuesday. Sept. 18,1860.The United States Convention of Universalists as- sembled in this city to-day, anoj organized by the choice of the following officers: President, the Rev. G. Boy- den of Rhode Island; Vice-Prjad*nt, J. B. Souther ofMassachusetts; Secretay the Rev. H. R. Walworfli of Wew-Jertey. The Convention WAS quite fully attend- ed. At the business meeting; a preanaMe and report was submitted for establishing) a pubhshmg-house lor the denomination. . -I. O. O. F .--Gra»^ tA^ifie'£***$]§&*• NASHVILLE, Monday, Sspt 18; I860.The Grand Ledge of'the Unjted States Odd Fellows have elected.R. B. Boylston, off South Carolina, Grand Sire; H. Herndon, of Indian*. Deputy Grand Sire; J^-Ridgel^v, of Maryland,! Grand Secretary, and Jothua Van 2ant, of Maryland, Grand Treasurer.ZWeehanies' Fair.BOSTON Ttbsday, Sept. 18, 1860.The Mechanics' Pa:r at Fazjeuil Hall is attracting crowds-of viattoro, and is said, to be superior to any that has preceded it.James H.. Johnson has been committed for trial, charged with fatally stabbirrg ir. O'Donnel, in Rich- mond street, last night. The ic ordered man was inno- cent of offense, having been mistaken by Johnson for a man Le had previously qluarrell&ed with.The Ctvfl IVar lit IVew-I^eon.NZW.ORI.KA.VS, TriV«d*y» Sept. 18, 18C0. Tbe steamer Austin, from ]3razos 13th inst, with$89,500 int-easnre, has anlvsd. -^£<'*& She brings advices from Cofhuila which state thatfigure. It gives to Mars a special interest, not shared by either of the more removed Wanets, in furnishing confirmation of the hypothesis that their light is notPrevious to the captare of the tiHibusters. the utmost in the Congress ot the United States. Whatever might head, and as many as three hundred members. The boring State of Guatemala. apprehensive lest th*ir op-the civil war in New-Leon conjinned unabated.1 0tee of Tammany Hall met on Monday evening and perpetrated in the interest of Slavory and at the com- livery of Heaven to serve the devil iu."The Oram Trade}at T*^"^—The Wide-A wakes of the Third Ward held a spir- might obtain a seat Remarks were made, whea tb* ited meeting at their headquarters last evening. Some Captain struck Mr. Alphoof in the fcoe. A ^ J * * * * "TORONTO. Toifsday, Sept -l», iw*.The receipts of grain to-day Amount to 3* 000 bush^;. will then occupy a position in the-he*vena much morethe largest day's rectiprs of thfe sewoo- - J ^ W h c a t favorable iu these.latitudes for tejsficopic scrutiny. Fjrtbie evening. The City and County Convention on nority ; but it has been and is now their ambition to 25 additional names wore added to the roll. Anthony eued, the police "were called, and the Captain wa» Thureday evening, at Tammany Hall, at the same hold the power of this Government iu thoir hands, andiaversgee $1 30 per busliel; Sprng Wheat, $1 08; Bar- ley, 73e.; Peas, 64c.he will then have north deciiuatio a instead of south, a?time,nr_dcotseparateasheretofore,eachWardaoud theyhayet^caudacitytotbieftfeatoreadtheUnion. CostawasappointedFifthLieutenant,andJohnFitz- takenintocustody.4 :..*.«>• *.--**.. .....&.....„,..'^aud^i*'". •»'U,..u. ..' F^zszsp»f::m?::i&c:-w-i.n ~» LKATEKWCfRTH, Toeeday, SepVl8,186tt now; that u to eayy he will be in that half of. the rag seven delegates. This is looked upon a"5 a-move-i f I f eWEWYORK DAILY TRIBtftfl, WBlbpSDA YrSEP^MS^t Crordon, tbe Klurdcrer. ' !•,rr ^ ° r 2 0 B * TMe.-*u*8«d murderer, had an examination ecliptic which lies north of the equator, instead of near, ment toward a union with the Breckinridge p ^ y on the orhvB now, rad the^e are the questions the peopleare called on to decide. -He regarded it as essential egate to confer with the General Codwnittee hi regardyesterday, which resulted m hi* discharge for want of the very southernmost point of that half of it which local candidatee. The Congreeeional Conventions 1*Ui that the power shonM be in <be hands of tbe majority. • £ j j * grand parade. O. H. Kopp was appointed jnnediction. • Denver, where tbe offense was commit- lie3 to the south of the equator. In September, 1877, be hsld on Monday next, and the Assembly Conven-MAGNETICJ TELEG RAPI1. jurisdiction. Denver, where tlhA rtfFAnnA Tbe interests of the min >rity <tod of the slaveholdersT«-rt,is in Marrtena County, and not in Arapahoe, as was he will again approach veiy- near the earth, even tions oja ths Wednesday following. Nearly all the one require that the power" should be? in tbe hands of the ^easurer, m place of M. Thatcher, removed front thepxipp^sed. ^Tbis decision leaves the citizens'of thejLater fnr>m midxico. i'lke s Peak region outside of Arapahoe County .with- hearer than he was5last July-, and not much more than hundred, and ten members of the'Committee were. Free States; for so long as it remaiij^^vhere it is, thereYVard. ,..'':• ! i • -. ' - , ' • - . •-TWENTYTHOUSAND:LIBERALSMARCHINGON outanylawwhatever..Immediatelyaferthedis- halfthedistancewhichwillseparatehimfromusin preeeat.•will be a struggle; and wrong and vi<tfecce will be thereealt IthasbeensaidtbAtMr.Bucbaihb.wa**elected P^ic8^ssoriation.washeldlasteveningatBitob-charge of the prisoner, threats Of lynching were made, aid an excued crowd gathered!around the Court-room. t-.ordon however, wus tnkeii to the jail far safety u: der tbe protection of the Sheriff and citv officers.C m Croz Late in tb*> evem'ng a body of bis friends undertook to 2dIr,!.,haaarrivfda^h||»«>«.with$r.1,r,00iQ8pecie. removehimtliencs,batwire immediately eur-Capital. bm> !" « String Sim up !" &CJ "«> BMiramrm was io the Oi The fritiids of law and oriter, however, under the orbit is more or less eccentric as it is more or less veean ; j Institute. The room was crowded, a consider- famous English bill. Many life-fong friends of the j adopted without dissent It is pihbable, howevery of Mexico, with 7 500 men. leftd.of Mayor Macdowell and [other city officers, suc- elongated. Mar has the most eccentric orbit of any able number of ladies being among the audience. President have been spumed; and dismissed from bisTHE ClTlj OF MLXICo.NKW ORLKANJ; Tuesday S,p\ 18, 1860,his opposition of February, 1869. This looks Hke a great irregularity; how it comes ahcut is easily under- stood.by gigantic frauds; and one flhing is cerratti., that o n ^ 8Kar sae policy he is the President of the.miaorfty. We for the purpose of forming a ticketto be preeentedrt have s*en what means were neceesary to enable him» to the primary election of the Ward on Tharsdayeve^ iminiain his power; by what'nnheard of c^rruptiotWThe schooner roner Virgm aj Antoinette, f o \ era CrThe orbits of all the planets are elliptical, or elon- gated; some much more so than others. This o.lliptic-IOUNG MEN'S REPUBLICAN UNION.TheregulftrweeklymeetingoftheYoungMen's »ndabuseofpatronageheattemptedtocarrytheinfa- iDg, Onmotion,aCommitteeofThirteenwasap-Twenty thousand LIjibe#hlH Win* i>»o AIM'./. ^_ .u_fH^ weie u,a chiag on the r«utdeied by an excited crokd, shouting, "Hani? ityfc known as ccccrdrkity. Accordingly a planet's Republican Union was held last evening.in the Stuy- reported to greater outrages to carry the still more in-ceeded in preventing the mob from proceeding to exr of the great planets except Mercury, though both are The PRESIDENT of the TUnion took the chairat 8 presence, because th*y communicated to him unpalata- there wifl be other tickets in the field!!tremity, ai»d Gordon was again lodged in jaU for safe- ble tw the; and the result is tbat honest men dare aot —The Twenty-first Ward Young Men's Lincoln and ty. He was badly bruised and cut durin« the melts surpassed in this respect by some of;the asteroids. p. m., and introduced apprewch him; only the sycophantic'and the corrtcpt' .Hamlin Club held a campaign meeting last evening, atand others were somewhat injured. Sheriff Middaugh' The position of the sun is always toward one end of Mr. EDGAR PHILLIPS. He said that the principles present Jhemee?ves as his Bupportoras Is it to he' their roomsyNo. 435 Fourth avenue. Mr. Pullman, The Bishop of Gnadal'lLra had been released from of Arapahoe County, who arrived in town during the a planet's orbit, at one of the points-called the foci of all tlie parties before the people were sufficiently wondered at that He ebsrald have fallen into that dee?The attack was expect* dJLo c«»ni tence on tbe 8tb.A w w loan, TObe e^Wfavely levied upon Mexicans, was expected to bo *oon proclaimed.imprisonment by G$n DejjoJlado.ItisreportedthatG«nTMagahadj,t-. I - etcape. . °tumult was badJy injured by a Wow on the head. Gor- of the ellipse. Some notion of the place of these known: with the exception of the Bell-Ererett party. abyss, in which he ia anderstobd to be by the whole President, occupied the chair. An address was deliv-donhasbeenre-arrestedonajJustice'swarrant,and will be banded o?er to Sberiffi Middaugh, to be taken to Denver, a* soon as birf injuries will permit. Thepoints may be got by supposing a circle to be drawn out, and its center, a measurable spot, to be dividedHeregrettedthattheAmericanAssociationforthecountry. HebelievedthattheRepublicanparty,eredbytheHon.JamesAtBriggsof$hio.Inthe advancement of Science had acjonracd witBout classi- young and vigorous, wouid sustain itsciff and conduct 'eouree of his' remarks be proceeded to sli'ow the con-The correspondent of 7ri<r Progreno at the Capital,eeysthaftke Lib*ral Army bad left Qoerevaro, and zens are generally gratified with the triumph of"law along the line or axis of elongation, the other in the character to which the Bell-Everett party had become •tive than its present professions. He desired to give made by Me3SrS. Woodford and Pairman.they were expeccd to reej ;h the city on the 8th.Three thousand men*we| re advancing from Cnerna-TBOS.Gen Ortega was expec^sd to arrive soon from Gua- dalajara.t»nd order.-opposite direction. The longer and narrower the reduced; He was not surprised that they were not? briefly his views with regard to the quCsSitftf of Slav-figure is made, the further apart these points, which able at their Schenectady meeting' to find a single cler- ery; for tbJR is tbe question which is to be determined. —At an enthusiasticmeetingof the Hid Assembly• — r —It iisvery likely tbat his views were somewhat differ- Dffctrict Campaign Club, Dr. Tv T. Hibbard bathechair, eloquent and stirring speeches were delivered by Messrs. Lanktrefir and Sheppard, and the following gentlemen were elected Vice-Pr*idents: John I*. Hanaon, Third Ward; G. Terry, E. Ol Halstead;Wnu Flaclrj T. Outwater, John Bennett, John VogeLThe Prinee of Wales.rmarj amor g them to open their meeting-with prayer, gent, hut he" had always1 found Republicans tolerant.may be called the feci of the resulting figure, will be.This explanation is not meant to give the law of thfor Queenstown, where the Pribce laid the top stone of curve's development, but is only designed to illustrat ment was eo great, this being his first attempt at speak- Government. This is a strange doctrine, and wryHAMILTON, C. W., Tobeday, S«pt. 18, 1860. The royal party le/t Nisg»ra Falls early this morningr. Phillips was proceeding to address the meeting; onthe general issues of the campaign, but his embarrass- .is not only right, but the only stable founftatioo ofBrock's Monument, and received an address from the tbe idea of elliptic centers of motion.veterans of 1812, and made si lengthy reoly. Prom Tbe point of the planetary orbit nearest the focus Queenstown, tae party went bjy boat to Niagara anding in public, that he was compelled to desist;The Hon. Mr. RICHABDS of Pennsylvania was then-inherent, but reflected from the Sun. Philosophy,, dazzlingly white spots are' eeen, wbic* increase in thehowever, no longer demands thn confirmation.Mars, it is hardly neceesary tc state, is the fourth planet in order from the sun, unless Vulcan be admitted to the group. But it no w appears that the right of this yonng child of Leecarbault and Leverrier to take a eeat around the family fireside is not fully established. There is a larking suspicion at a ay rate, that all is not right, in tba^ the young gentkman has heve-r once shown himself since leecarbault* saught him on the 26sh March of last year, crawling like a great black beetleacross the sun's face. It was expected that the late solar eclipse would expoee his whereabouts, but he does not appear to have been seen. Mars thou must, for the present, take his old rank of fourth in order from the sun, and the first outside of the earth. His year-track,.is above nine hundred millions of miles long, which he traverses in 687 days. .In that'period the earth s 'eeps nearly twicd around her orbit, completing her j sec?nd year ia a fortnight after. But by that tim<> Ma; s has passed the starting-poet on bis second year:; and the earth needs some 37 days more to overtake him. T.hcy are, then, in the came rekyv-e position thejr occupied.780 days before. The 780 days are calhx the syzodic time of the planet, the 687 days bis jjc'rlUic lime, as has been already explained in'the case of other planets. Ac- cordingly it will be not far from 26 months before Mirs can take up again the brightness mid position he is now slowly resigning in our skies. Nor is this all. • His present career has been more brilliant than it has been for many years past, or will soon be again although in Lis rext opposition in October, 1662, he will bs almost asnear theearthas hehasbeenin the present, andfor admission into the Union under the Lecompton still uncompleted state detracted, from the success of Constitution. Tiue^ the Democrats have a dwpute "the first meeting, last evening, but a respectable audi-• - - . , y u: .. . . ..22^^^^^^^2^iilS^iS^iiSSi^S-^wpS'twfJ&C*.'be fcUKimoced in vain to show any record of a labor moie heroic, or a triumph more magnificent.Mars has a closer family resemblance than any o:her planet to the earth. Like the earth it is one of the minor of the principal planets, having a diameter of only about 4,100 miles, which gives it a volume about one, ten-jhouFaudtli that of Jupiter, the Titan of the system. Like tl e earth it ras a day of about 2-1 hourp, and a year of about 608 Martial dajs. Its year is diversifieiTby seatons ttrikingly like ours, eince the in- clination'of its equator to it's orbit,' which gives rise to them, is only 5° greater than is the case with the earth. The telt&cope, directed upon it and assiduously employ- ed to catch its features, diecloses upon its surface irre- sistible evidences of an atmosphere. Around the poleshmog, which was the Lecompton Consti-utKiu. I «iiujudgment, the people had nothi&g to do wi^.rfwformation of tbftt CouStituUon. . T»>ey r*^fused to have anything to do with it. l*-tf I* a w«-igt ty task. When" it was found that a clique " according to wba< wae right," aod that h:s followers.REPUBLICANMEETINGS.nerB corner of Third avenue and Nmeteenth street,.introduced. He mentioned the mishap which b6fel onePort Dalbonsie, thence by rail via St. Catherines, where the sun is placed, is called, the perihelion, and of England's greatest orators, who, on his first attempt1 . fond'of appealing, to history to show that all nations George Cl Byrne,. John A. Williams, of the Fiftka»riving h»re at 4 p. m. They ^ere conducted through tbe opposite the aphelion, as is well understood. If to address the House of Commons, broke down, but as- have had.this institution among'them; Thic Cannottown with an immense procession to their residence • the two orbits were circular and concentric, the dis- be wert out said " It's in me, and G—d d—n me, it be denied, and it seemed to have been one of the step* Ward; ^ohn E. Ay**, Joseph Kellcgg, Ja*. Corwie,This evenirg the Prince attends the Philharmonic con-shall c( me out of me." Mr; Richards gave cheering; of progress. But if any principle is to be adduced IronsAndrew Stewart, WiHiam McKay, of the Eightk Ward. \ . , . ' .NIB LOS THEATER; mTtm EXTEMPORIZED OP3RA.Last evening this theater-r-imbedded in onehotel andwill be the most extensive one ever held in Canada. The city is full, and the weather fine., tarce and degree of brightness of Mars would be the pame at every opposition. < If, indeed, though ellipses as they are, tbe eccentricity of the two orbits were theaccoune of the prcspect in Pennsjlvania. Judge Douglas's recent visit to the State h?d helpedthe Re- publican narty there very much. He. could'not seetHsrfact, it is that Slavery is temporary, and if history <8howsanything, it shows tbat this system is destined1 to pase away and give place to a higher freedom. ' Af--this city, was blown ashor< on the lower bar, Mobile Bay, and became a total loi«.The Captain and several! >f the'crew perished.Goodman's warehouse ]rith 2,800 bales of cotton, was destroyed byfficgon tt e 15th.NKV-ORtjEANs,Tnesi'ay,Sept 18.- The fhip Galena, wbicb j re-.t ashore in the late gale,ha^ «-tun,ed to tbin city fofe repairs,Tbe brig WesMndkn, wj bkh went to sei wm lostat Pass a I/Outre, ?ogetbe| with ten lives.Several Bgfathonsee onjiie Mississippi coast blown down during tbe gaj >.I'T h e Sailing of the America.3BOSTO.VJ Tuesday, Sept. 18,1860.Tbe mails per the R. M. ifteamship America, for Liv-erpool via Halifax, will cloje at seven o'clock to-mor-row morning, but she wfl| not leave her dock until orously after bis two months' retrograde movement, the same, and his brightness nearly so. Nor will this Lincoln, at whose right handT stood Capt. Hamlin, and will eventuall'v be free, • and the error ia in the Tragedy in perspective;: and to this poetry of theJm,oppositestocksofother*,andhencesofavorablysit-:ricsn Slavery has already disappeared from a majority ThePrinceofWaleseeatBlondin,thePrinceof same,thedifferenceintbebrightneesofMarsatdifferent nowtbuRepublicanpartycouldlosetheStateofPenn- oftheStates,andfromtheBri.ishiandFrenchdomin-Rope, $300.Additional per Pony Express.press : , tially. To get a clear view of this interesting point, other should get ahead. So they started off on a brisk they are more like children and minora. When any- erowds who must go out? after dark to find A substitute SACRAMENTO, Sept. 6—7 p. m. walk, then upon a trot and a gallop, until fioallythey people are acunmoved by selftiotereet as to labor, then^The Union State Convention j&djourned to-day, hav- concpive to be drawn on a plane before you—the table, were racing, and the mourners were waving.their society has a right to compel them to- work; and per- • for distant fireei iee in the thirty-two S-atee; not count- t mgnominated a full Electoral Ticket. or the floor, for example—two similar ellipses, one handkerchiefs to cheer them on. The two Democratic haps the system of personal slavery is the best means * :ing Territories—was welf attended to witness the first'• The Douglas Convention has hominat'ed a full ticket. factions were just such processions. [Loud applause.].A fusion of the two parties was not deemed advisa- within the other, to represent the orbits of the earth Mr. GEO. WM. CURTIS, on being introduced;1 said of doixg:tni». He did-not tbink Slavery wrong under representation^of an opera troupe under the direction?T*j0itKI>H>Mo.,Tuesday.Sept:18,1860.sylvania; . The Breckinridge and Douglas factions ions, and everything foretells I hat it must pass away oppositions, would still not be very marked, and his were engaged in a bitter strife; each party was deter- entirely from these States. [Great-applause.] He be-distance would be the same. But when we consider mined to be- the Democratic party in 1864. He had lieved that, taking the mass of the slaves, they weretbeeccentricity,ofbisorbitto-befar greaterthanthat heardsistoryaboutanIrishfuneralwheretherewere notyet;preparedfortheexerciseoffliberty. Thene-The following is the very latest by the Pony Ex- of the earth, as it is in realty, the caee is altered essen- two bearees, neither of which was'willirg-that the groes here are not like those'in the Southern 8tatea;. ; noted that without malice prepense the travelingwere ble by either side.THE RED PLANET MARS,;-'.'and Mare having the sun in a common focus. The that he came very near being too late, by trusting to aU cirfcums'anees, but when the Sonth'ern people mair>- - of Madame Co.-lesi, if a lady can direct an opera, whichlines joining the perihelion and aphelion points'of the the same thing, that the Democratic party was-trusting tain that Slavery 1Bto-be perpetuated as the foundation we doubt. At* the appointed time the exceedingly of government, them they commit a great error, andtwo ellipses, called tbe major axes, will coincide. In to. a broken down vehicle. Of' the broken down one fatal to»tbe eyptoro. They ;n? ue it is beneficial to keen vital, and somewhat American looking, KarlDemocratic ship, Capt. Breckinridge commanded the the African; that itj'placee him in the pith <f progress, Anschufz took tie highest chair of the orchestra, and whatever pait of their respective orbits the shattered prow; ©apt. Douglas drifting astern,-and the and jeecups him from barbarism. This is true;: but ifE:Our stair-loving readers may be glad to be reminded epoch of opposition occurs, the distance of Mars whole mass of the party was endeavoring to construct tbe introduction to the opera began: the violins withthat Mars has taken up his forward march again vig- from the earth, as was just remarked, will be always a raft, while, with all sails set, rode the good ship, the SO, a further continuance of it will improve ?'mutes" on emitted the stifled, consumptive waTl of Constitution, bearing the blight pennant oi Commodore him still" .'further—or, in other words, he- A question ZinTM ^eenjISi^ed th*t the guaranty, did career. At first, leading the ran by some 3£ hours, though lees bright, will, however, always have thetinder the recent- propctwls, ihould be equal to the cost he divided the dominion of the < arly moraing heavens S8me diameter. Now, let the ellipee drawn to* repre-this matter, ar d every ritizea of a Territory has a right of-doors-wise accommodations of this kind at N2>- to.'discuss the question. He expressed the opinion Jo*s only eecdnd to tbe curbstones of the 3treeto. that, under the present circumstances', the people of When, however, the curtain rose, aud the Briadfsi, or tbe Southern'States-were iuatrfied with the conditions; demirep drinking-song—which is as much like a drink- that they fit the slave for his future freedom; but heof constructing toe Pacific Telegraph line, the Cabinet, with Jupiter and Saturn, whom he suffered to surpassto-day, it is said, decided that there was no Execuive liim in gb ry. reeerving bis splenlor till the sun should discretion,, as tbe law provides that no contract shillbe made until the line shall \ >e in actnal •peration and leave him a longer sovereignty of the night. From the fulfillment cf which be, guaranteed, as in the case the Scales, where the opening year found him, he hasof bids for Mail contract; Juso, that the lowest off*r journeyed through tbe Scorpion, close past the .brilliant for tbe use of such Telegraph shall be accepted underthat specified conditions, j Harmon of Detroit, as lucida of this constellation, called by Ptolemy, Antares,sent the orbit of Mars be elongated in the direction of the major axis, by haying the aphelion point drawn aw ay, while the perihelion point and the focus occupied by the eun remain as before. It is. obvious now that the earth and Mars are never bo near each other as when both are in perihelion; and that at every-other epoch of oppo*ito.n they will' be further and farther apart as they approach their corresponding aphelionquestion of free labor, which was the grand principleof the Republican party; and showed that partywas not, as had been asserted, the result of thepreachings of. the Abolitionists; for tbase werecontinued for more than 20 years without any such re-Gults. Tlie Republican party existed because the peo-ple of the Nortbdid care whether Slavery was votedup or voted down:. And caring for this, they wouldvote down tbe man who said that he did not care. Mr. laborers. [Great cheering.] In a social point of view, and tbe applause huge. Ma-lame Corf*si, who did Curtie exposed, the mieexable sophistry of Douglas that it WPS preposterous to maintain that th?s system wasThence throughiithe feet of tlie Serpent-bearer thearrows, where the golden dust of the Milky Way cov- ered him. By this time the swifter eastward career of the sun bad left him some six hours of dominion in theboth be in perihelion at any givenepuch of opposition.This relative position wae cloeely approximated at thelate opposition and will be-approximated rather morecloeely still in the opposition of September, 1877. In the Life, which would be ready for distribution in two wc-re replaced by free laborers,, there i might be a losspoints; and when both are in aphelion they will befarther apart than at aDy other epoch of opposition; with agiowingtdescription of the response which the simply-the machine of h>& master. The free laborer wanting in dulcet tenderness of tone, though his inten-Hi!'i!j .and this difference will be greater in proportion as the difference in eccentricity is greater. It is plain that tbeconldnot be beard in the South. Mr. Csrtis closed the system of free-labor ia far superior; the slave is. Musiani, the tenor, has a great deal of force, but is country, State after State, was giving tc". the great is juot-the opposite; lie invents instruments wherebyquestions propounded by the Republican party. Kjfib- labor • is- obviated, and raises that vast mass of tions tbat way are good. Amodio who it seems has a Curtis was received throughout with the utmost en- invention which marks the Free States. It is truly brother—is engaged with him at tbisestablishment; andi •city once before, but with a diffarent audience and for- Free States. He advocated the election of Lincoln and—Meanwhile, the Academy—that abode of Carya- of James Buchanan for the Presidency. But he way the Southern States, or exclude them fr?m the ^Ter- tides and Cantarjle*—still flings wide its portals to a claimed to be sincere then as he was now. Mr. Bu-. ritories,- for. he thought the Constitution itself would generous public. Madame Fabbri, the puissant so- as Professor Airy observes, the risk of tetal failure ia chanan and his party proclaimed their intention to. work outthis policy. He supported this party hecau e prano, is there; Mr. Brignolir having exhausted New-not inconsiderable, led the Astronomer Royal to inquire whether there were no other possible means of deter- mining the parallax. Ho hit upon Mars, and ingen- iously showed h.ow the oppositions of 1860^ 1862, and 1877, could be made to answer the end in vi&w as well or better than the transits of Venus. If the observations have Icen .made the -pres- ent year, according to the plan proposed, some very interesting annoui cements may be soon looked for, Tiis will be the second great servica ren- dered by Mars to astronomical science, tbe first beiag the disckfcure to Kepler ti at the planetary orbits are not circlee, as they bad always been considered to be, but eliipsee rather—ra disclosure which was the initialand neceesary step in the emancipation of astronomicalscience from the groping empiricism which, with cyclesand epicjelee inextricable/had fettered it from the verybeginning; a di£closure extorted only after twentyyears and more of most diEcoursging, and vexatious,allow the people of Kansas to regulate their affairs and the minority of slaveholders hold the Senate in-theirreject or admit Slavery. . Under"Mr. Pierce's adminis- grss ••, and rule the President of the United States with port and recovered from his Canadian coagh,'is there;tration this right was denied, and the Territorial Gov-. a rod of iron, and thev are not 'entitled to thia.powor. Madame, Gc Ison is there. In place of well- worn ope- eminent was a usurpation maintained by fraud'. This He would transfer this power to the majority, The ras, we aretohave—see advettisemente*—The Sicilian Was a matter of hiBtcry. He had believed that uuder ^corruptions and frauds of the Democratic paity render Vespers, which was played often enough last year to.moue Lecompton measure; and when teat foiled, be | pointed to select delegates for tbe consfderatTbii dt tUm. . meeting. And upon their recommendation a'ticket wasjthe Government on economical and consorvatb-e princi- ffying these nondescripts. [Laughter and Applause.]! plee; and the Southern Stotes will havs-no reason to trast betwfcen the Free and Clave States, pointing outTfis doctrine has become prevalent lately tfcat Slaverywas far- from maintaining that this was,the* best form ing-song as barcaroleis, and no more, but has a very of society, for a population of intelligent laborers must s'rikjng melody—and tbe audience had something be better than.a population of ignorant and uncivilized whieb marked tbe rime, then the attention was perfectMr. Buchansn's administration different principles it neceesary tbere should be a chante, and/he hopedwould prevail. No man can deny that the Kansas and the Republican party will prove itselfwortby and will make the singers familiar with their parts. This Is anKansas. He would pass over the jfraudb and violence, {Cighth avenues, may tend to separate the sheep fr <m' the violation of. public and private rigtya, aud o a i eto admit that this Constitution bound tbe p*"pt / were gradually gaming control of the offices of the who, for the moet part, were sick aud wounded, andKansas. It never has been contended that t»*te wa* C ub, filling »bem wi hmen who were not o ly incom- incapable of bea>intr arms, should be permitted to re-Our accounts, in other part.h-ulare, bear out the tele- verge—the point on which ths destinies of K-«t#*"i v«rt ry in the coming struggle. To recapitulate the Filibusters by the forces of the Bti'ish steamer Icarus,they were turned over to the commander of tho Hon- duras forces', Gen. Alvarez, with the understanding that Walker and his Colonel would be dea t withlongWinter snd melt in the long Summer of that partof the surface.- Theee Sir William Herschel conEideredto be mastes of i e and enow; and succeeding astrono-mers have eeen no reason to question the' sagacity ofthe conjecture. This implies vapor ia the atmosphereand water on the surface. Marked lineaments are no-ticed which reappear at every opposition, and by their into the Union under a Constitution they had rejected. incumbents are Edward Gilbert, President; O. 8. Second Ward. The nature of the charges cannot bemert of land and water.The red and fiety aspect of this planet is attributedThere has been no withdrawal of this policy on their retary ;.Jfcmes O Bennett, Treasurer. William H. mon report, when the reputation of a man is iu ques- part; but a pereietent design to carry it out, When Buileigh Of Brooklyn aud Ira D. Warren of Jersey tion. It is believed, though, that they bring ia doubt Kans&s came to the last Congress, with a Constitution City spoke in review of the issues of the campaign, tbe accused's character both as a man at d an officer. "*among themselves as to the right of the Territory toexclude Slavery, but th's question is not in the ence assembled. The only bushier s transacted was ad»i>i actions to which the honest Repnblican phalanx of tie \Yj»id has been subjected by designing men wouldizing the people to vote under all the reatric i»usl oflaw. The people utterly rejected the instrument. Aod t<5»was done re/ore any movement of the President or thepferty, for the adoption of the Lecompton Constitution with the regular of15cers of the old Club at their UIA m prevailed throughout the country. , Tbe neigh-have been the obligavions of the people of Kansas be-fore, jet,- when uxuer. a regular law, they had determ-ined the opposite of this plan; that was a distinct andunequivocal witdrawal of.their supposed application •connt of delay in the preparation of the ne w ball! Itserations might be extended in tbat direction, resolved, to make common cause wi'h Honduras, aud with that view, a force of 65 men was dispatched under command of Col. Godoy, to act iu cooperation wi b G*n. Alva- rez. Tlie union of these two armies was effected oa the 30th of August 'a future course of fraud and violence—ths tru*? and good men broke looee, and formed a new orgar ization,where th*y were coufioed as prisoners, their arms and bsygope having been previously taken from them. •regular meetings, on the first and third Monday of the month, have been for some time euepenJed on ac-POLICE COMM IS3IONKRS.—The Police Commiseion- ers went into seesion yesterday morniog at 11 o'clock, repudiated; and here is the President and the Demo- and canvassing for officers, an election of which will for the purpoec of ihvertigatiog certain serious cha-g'a cratic party insisting on dragging the people of Kansas take place in the course of a fortnight. Tne present which have been made against Capt Weed of the- case at all. This is the case of, the usurpers presenting discussion of the causes and effects of the disruption,, a Constitution to-the people of iKansas which they hadto the "density of its atmosphere; and by some to the she had freely adopted, the Democratic party spumed and in vindication' of the principles and policy of the Tbe Board tried the case in secret session—an e x -color of its vegetation. Sir John Herschel thinks,"It indicates an ocbrey tinge in the general eoil,like what tbe red sandstone districts on the earth may pos- sibly oftVr to tbe inhabitants of Mais, only more de-her from the dcor of Congress. Under such circum- Republican party. Their remarks we.e well received, ception to the rule when patrolmen are on trial—and,tics), the tcap, as we may call them, appear greenish." As he claimed to be sincwe in 1856, every principle of honor compeDed hiih to do what he could to redeem theB<er and Mudler, the most assiduous students of the pledges then made. Not merely the rights of the set- planet, did not always find the .raddy hue. The color tlers of Kansas are concerned in this question; though of the permanent epots was generally found to he yel- this is an interest not to be despised; one to be regard- low. An English observer in 1856 saw "irregular ed with reBpect and attention; but more than this is in- dark marks of a oirty eea-green shade." .} volved; for it concerns the very vital growth aad in-the opening of the campaign, at Metropolitan Hall,No. 178'Prince street, last evening. Eloquent ai-. A resolution was adopted, directing that the pollstances, could he as a' patriot, a Democrat, or as an honest man, continue to support that party ? It is pos- sible that if he had not been mixed up in this he mightand greeted with frequent bursts of applause. .on adjeurnirg, Mr. Bowen refused to furnish the re- port*rs the least information. The matter will be made public in a few davs.Henry Brenner, Pat. O'Brien, and Cbas. B. Morton, were sworn in as members of the force, the latter M a Sergeant. .—Tbe Fifth Assembly Lincoln aud Hamlin Club cided. Contrasted with thie (by a general law in op- not have felt eo deeply about the wrongs perpetrated held their largest and most enthusiastic meeting sinceclerks for the next election should be equally divided between the Democrats and Republicans.The Clerk was directed to advertise for proposals for 590 tuns of coal.or other feets than have as yet been applied, to disclose Government; and institutions forced upon them whioh •••i»i•- the probable cause of. these deeply iuteresting appear- they loathe and despise. The growth of this Govern- the Club went through various drill exercises. It is AHBKST OK CAPT. FARNHAM.—Last evening thement has been'by the admission of now States, addin creditable to the,energy of this Association that goodances. But there is little ground, in the present suite to the original Thirteen, till we have come t speaking is provided for their meetings, wbioh are held S'xth Ward police arrested Capt Farnham of thecrease of the Union by the admission not merely o f Club to attend a Ma*s-Meetiog at Convention Hill,Sergeant Lord made an official report of Nos. 331,Whatever the indications, the teachable student of Kansas but of all future States. Whether they shall No. 219 Wcoster street, and stating that C A. Dana, 333, and 335 East.Thirteenth street, three dead horses nature will be content to wait for better instruments, be compelled to submit to the will of a minority of this and other speakers would be present. Subsequently lying there.of our knowledge, for any solid conclusions.' i i ——ibe one of the proudest empires on the fao every Tuesday evening. In relation to the fact that slave yacht Wanderer, and Walker fillibuster noto-rof this globe by »the admission of new riety, on a charge of assaulting Mr. Charles Alphoof of Stateson an equality with tho original Thirteen. theDonglaaClubshadimitatedtheWide-Awakeuni- No.120WestTenthstreet CaptF.,itappears,en-M!THE TAMMANY PRiMAitiEs.-The General Commit- Everybody knows that these outrages in Kansas wcrj forms, we 'heard'-'the comment that they " Stole the tered an already overcrowded stage in Broadway, ana'issued the call for the primary elections and nominat- ing conventions. The primary elec* ions are to be heldmand of the slaveholders.. Tho Democratic party has eo tiered itself to be made the instrumeut of these men to tarrv out their designs. The slaveholders are in a mi-desired the passengers to sit closer, in order that h»Untitled Documentv/\dresees were delivered by Messrs. Green, Lambert, Tucker, and Millikin. A communication was received from the Fif eenth Ward Wide-Awakes, inviting thetorn to the United 8f.otcs> tbe-U. 8. Consul at Truxillo beingreepons-ible for the rec^s^ary expenses.J-1 M , v,vfeA-.v tyr;?^:.-; :>;.*^&&£liftThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069r'v.:-:;^-;;;;'^':--^.;;:,.-;,. v.,;v,w'••.www.fultonhistory.com 