 fy•. !!•.<U •• :tl21 3 ......65 91$14 143foitswerethenmadetopostponeandadjourn,when anothervotewashad,asildlowe: Necessarytoachoice, 03;forMr.ThomasH.FordofOhio,93;Mr.Gloss- brepner, 71; Mr. Seaton, IS; Mr. Bail, 2; Mr. Win- tOD,1.Mr.Fordwa<declaredelected.Mr.Blake (Rep., Ohio) arrtonnced tho death of tho Hon. Cyrus Spink of the XlVth Distrist of Ohio, in an appropriate eulogy. Messrs. Curtis (Rep., Iowa) and M r. Sher-iwhen our Government ignored its existence andconstantlyunderobservation,protectitfromsav- 'recognizedtheantagonistruleastheGovernment where'hiscard, taken from The Constitution. , 1*1. .own country, and w e shall have no occasion fortransit routes through Mexico. And the manifestobject—at least, the necessary effect—of our dab-bling in transit routes south of our own boundary saults, actual and meditated, upon Northern mem-.,a There having been no choice, several ineffectual ef-•i1-iIif.A *I1i •Ofalltheseenterprises,wearetheearnest,un-eompromisirg advocate. They cannot be under- Treaty will be simply thrown away. takentoosoon,norprosecutedwithtoomuchenerpy. Buii tseems, becausew ea r ewilling,-.•I. It is one thing to urge the construction of apublicwoik,andanother to acquiesceinthecon- usetousbydisparagingourownOverlandRoutes.-•'. ' • 'mom legitimate, but we regard neither of them as at this time authorized or able to bind Mexico. Moneypaidtoeitherofthembyvirtue ofsuchaon which we have heretofore commented.We are rejoiced, for the credit of the country, that the Vice-President is able thus to exonerate himself from ihe suspieious indications attached to the fact that hewas present when Edmundson'sindulges in! a liberal amount of abuse of T H E TRIBUNE,, \questions them emboi tioU withn•",i ••TV. W e don't want any Isthmus routes or "free"transits"throughMexico.Theycanonlybeof assaultwasmade. Wearegladalsotobeabletoshouldbesodisposed.ThistheAbendzeitungap-\9~r-;: iCOKGBESS.SENATE, Feb.27.—Mr.Davis(Dem.,Mise.)pre-»•.an increase in the number of advertisements seeking admission to its pages. From this canxe, tor many weeks past so much space has been ocenpied b y advertisements in that paper.that we have not been able in all cases to furnish to its readora the great variety of interesting and instructive reading matter which:HERRING'S P A TENT CHAMPION -FlXRandBrKOLAR-PROOr"8A7M,With Hall's Patent Powder-Prov>f L*eka, AffordthegreateetsecurityofanySafeinth*>world.y.C.1IBRRI.>-<TAtCo., No. 251 Broadway, opposite City Hall, N . Y .SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.UHX7T*X. IX KVXRY HOUSK.FOX S*ALX BVXXIWMKRK.Mannfactored by' H . C. SrAU>lH0 «t Co., No. 4* C-dar-«4.Pott-Office address, Box No. 3 600.BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSIs the best and cheapest article for Dreesing. Beantifying, Cleansing, Curlin*,Preserving and Restoring t h e Hair.Xiadtea, try it- F o r sale b y Druggists and Perfhmejt.BATCHELOR'S HAIR DYE,WIGS, and TOUPEES,I nnrivaled. They are light, easy, durable, and fit to a charm, ;o ahrinkinx. nor turning npbehind. HATCH HLOU-,* HAMSDTB, Che best iu the world; the only harmless and reliable Dye icnownB.pplyattheFactory,removaltoNo.it*Bond-st."STODARTPIANOS."The most reliable Piano, and pronounced by the Profession andover*15,000 families whohave them inuse,TBBBR*71st- frrxtntsurr now made in the United States.Warerooms, No. 501 Broe&rv-~ $1,000—SOLD IN TWO DAYST"TRU'Ml-H C©Mi»LXTR !Why is it that the Ex-Governor of Maryland, alwo the Presi-sseot of one of the Banks-at Frederick City, urged the Doctors wheretoprocureit?.Wayhas a large cash order this week soow frotu muchmen SMMessrs.YOQI it. Stevens, Wbolesaie Drog- idato at Aiezandria, Vs., and by the very next mail an order (the{Mx& time in four weeks) from Mr. Pierpout and from Jlc«r». Cook i. Co. of same place, and by the very same mail a fourth order ftota Messrs. Hopper it Wilmer, of Gentrevilie.Md., (whereashorttimesinc*>snch an excitement sprang up fromBenuine Eh?ctric OIL from Ho. 39 South 3th-st.. Philadelphia, a California, and award its aid and custom to the in quest of chances to invest their money and labor."-chronicle the fact that Mr. Breckinridge is not inthe habit of wearing arms about his person. B u t a Railroad to the Pacific through the heart of our we have done Mr. Breckinridge no injustice, eitherpears to regard as "a miserable compromise "policy," which is " insulting to those who wish " nothing else than that the Republican party should " remain a Republican party." The same mild-l spoken journal also inform us that when * THE" T R I B U N E again calculates the chances of it* can- " didate Bates, it will do well to leave the Radical l\ Democratic Republicans, incladiog the Dutchmen,•-•dially agree wit« thoir.pirit. W e intend to support the candidate of the Convention,withallourpower.Whetheritbo Mr.Seward,.Mr. Chase,Mr.Bates,Mr,Fremont, Mr..Feseanden,Mr.Lincolnoranyotbarman,we| shalldoourbeBttosecurehiselection,aotfroman?J persona) love for the man, b « t becauso the triuinp* of the Cause is identified with his suoceafl. Th®* who choose to pursue a different coturse will do.so; | and those who think thai, while thay are aboat u\ their merits will be enhanced b j liberal vitaperft--'-*TO CORRESPONDENTS.•the Franking Privilege; make everything that nestlesat Albany on Saturday, and published in the letterii•-.•Blunt,whichwa&laidoverlastweek,Mr.District- behind. Wehavehadasurfeitofthispolicyinthe anaturalsuspicion, foritienoteasyonanyother tbatdigj50raceourcivilization. Nomnncanguard'man (Rep., Ohio) each abo paid a tribute of respect to adopted, and the House adjourned. '•intentional or unintentional. uHis is simply tho old*; p.p.p. *PARK'S PR'CKI.T PI.A!«TWRH.They Impart Strength ; they Annihilate Pain.Toombs(D«m.,Ga.)adiireasedLbnSenate. Thesub-adjudicateinitsownfavor,andfindthedefendanttthe steamer Hungarian. T h e revenue-cutter "Dar- shall b e clipped from o u r columns and inclosed ininghadnotreachedthewreckyesterday. Anum- lettersbyalertcorrespondents, andtransmittedto Uponthe facta oftheCase, sofarastheyats.°>confederated attack:onasingle raan means'UnaJfas&itu** Natic«0.TOMBS, SOU& MELVAIX,No. 6 MAIWHC LAX»,N*w-Y*rk,TtnTxrrters and Whole**!* D«al«n InOm«s, Fiwrot*,|Ct<t.**T. riATK> WARS, Jwwxwor, "FA-jrcr GOOM;iW^Umr Klcbuurda't celebrated Gun s. E W s t»p», Wa&Hn§, and C»rtrld«»t. Ht-Ulor*. Army wad Model Razor*. Adams'sPatentRovoMn*Pistols.SUPERIOR SHIRTS,meditated, coattngent asosBsmaiion on it* face, A>ith Mr. Ssu. , «OfinterrogatetheCleikoftto sign bills p feas comman<BWeep€/3 byCommon Con depart from ' and paying de Committeeor thescatoccuy.Ward, made ; being an alieni 14 days after tooktoprove Kentucky ei-jnaturaiizedit last, that he \ tee did not pb The CorporatR<**<5ymade,OTmadetomeasxrrtv., Ordnrsleftateitherofour •tore*%vlUhavepromptattention.' IRAP*r.s«o4tSo*,MrF.C.Biuwnm.attheTelegraphOrhoo,SiWQSwo,N.Y:, and will be|happy to serve it to every order.circumambientOverlandMailwhichnowgyrates suppositiontoaccountfortheproposalofsuch himeelfagainsttbeassassin. AnymsnCanboGROVER &BAKER'SNOISELESS~ KJL*1L* SaWlXQ-MaCKITTB*. THMBX«12*Usx.No. 495 Broadway. New-York. No. 182 Knlton-st, Brooalyn.SINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.Ko % Sewing-MachineNo. 1 Sewing-Machlne • The Family Sewinjf-Macb tee, A The Family Sewfaf-Machtee.which he professes a sorrowful readiness to comply,anewdeal,giveusafairone.Weinsistthatthe getreportedweallknow,andthemostrationalwaylaid,orpetuponbythosewhoaimtokillhim;'Hemmin* Oangeax- No.150Fnliou-st.,Brooklyn.»thi*diJlicnltyinfntirre,wehavedetermined: I.ThattheadvortisemontsinTHRWisxtxTEISUSKshallin no case exceed on*page of thepaporin.amount. Those roecivedafterthepageisfall,muststandovertothenextissue, -when they will bo first in order.II. Thatnoadvertisementsshallhaadmittedexcept nnchjw w e m a y j u d g e s u i t a b l e t o t h e g e n e r a l c h a r a c t e r a n d p u r p o s e s o f TMR TlUBChE.III. That no cuts of any description shall be allowed in such advertisements.I V . T h a t t h e p r i c e o f a l l a d v e r t i s e m e n t s o f 1 0 0 l i n e s o r l e s s shall be one dollar a line;. and of all advertisements exceeding 100linesinlength,onedollarandfiftycentsaHne.r —Advertisers will do well to hand iu their fovora*as early in the week as possible, in order to insnro thoir finding a place. It U proper to add that, with a regular circulation greatly exceedingOtherreasonsarenamed,butwedonotsee "po- liticalexpediency"includedamongthem.Hedepre- catesthe uncovering ofthe secretsofMBofficeas calculated to "produce a train of aching hearts"throughout the city," and utterly refuses to makeapublicstatementofthe reasons whycaseswould make that difference, let usseeiftherebe •heoughtnottobepunished. Theconverseofthis sonal combat. Whatever ourjudgment maybe'~'"1'tioo9050 4springs. Wo admit that the privilege of loitering unsuccessful, namely: that for the destruction of should be disgraced and ground under ita heel,AslTertJ«eJ»«nUin.TheWeeklyTribune. Th« enonnooB circulation vfhioh T H K WEEKL Yif the Board so will it, by giving a liat of all untried Newspaper Mails can be more cheaply carried every conjecture in regard to this act is, that it is some- and they may accomplish their bloody purpose be-indictment*inhisoflice,providedtheBoardfur- daythanweekly,becausetheheavyaccumiilation body's"littlebill." forehecanhavetimetoreswt,beheever30bravaF A C T S .DSPTUSHIA.—Thi* malignant, and ofUimes fatal complaint, 2 0 0 , 0 0 0 copies, THR WBRKLT TRIBVXB is the bert and to old indictments, he does not propose " t o digby the Commissioners of Emigration, on behalf of sination, and against assassins. route, so that it runs wholly throng;h our own terri-. the State, and four others by Dr. Thompson and;will readily yield to RjJPWAY's BJSADT KKfJKy and RK«ULAT- IW« Piioji. i t commence* •with more throat, headache, hoarse- nee*, acre lip#, M-x*ayes, followed by feTer, Inflammation and congestion, terming a false membrane in the throat, causing su:-fooatioTi and death.If RAJTWAT'R RXAOT Ricx-utr is applied to the throat, chert,«ndhe«d. and foil dow* of BAD-WAT'* Rjcuc&ATixa PILUI given srrery six boor* unttl rre« evacuations rroia the bowola take piece, the life of the patient will be saved and speedy recovery follow.Scarlet fever, putrid *©Te throat, measles, mumps, and croup. RA»WAY'» RXOCI*ATI?»GPIT.M and RaT.ixr administered in •eaee wbere the above maladies exist will save life and restore the patient to health. RAPWAT'S remedies are sold b y druggists everywhere. HADVAIitCo.,OfficeNo.23Joim-st.,N.x.S T A R R ' SChemlcally-l'repared «iLTJX,. For family use; 25c. per bottle, with brush.For »nlr by all Druz, Book. Toy. Kaucy, snd ilaidwaie Store*and GTorers. T.:MO>. Jou>?o^«. Azeut, N"o. 103 Kultou-*t.HUGHES, DLPUY 6C CREHANGE,No. 341 Broadway, arenowpreparedtooffartovhe.tradealargeandsvell-+elec^9dMaoctment ofPARIS ?AXPT O oons, Whichcompssa&ihpart:French s%taX7fainese PASS, i n great variety.Biui. NXT*. CoirrvRft*, ssdHnAn-Oxiwiw. Fancy HAIR PIJ?S and Covits—new atyl<'».Sunxit and BVCKLJ«, of steel, peanl,jet, and gill. Gilt and Steel JBVKI,HT.DUXM B r r r o x a , GAMTJSSUI, GUARD CHAINS.P»RrfWi, IiRt?sKitJ«, Acronnnnvs, 4 c , to which 'the atten-tion of buyers is respectfully solicited. -" out work from the mounds of the past under any posals to construct one, Road—infettered as to "circumstances," unless the parties accused de-?ASX'» Thewde"lightful Plasters yield readily to the motion P A TBST of the body, absorb perspiration, and throw off all th e POROU* offensive coagulated impurities of the system. They P m exi.T should be u*«d for ill Coronlc PsAns, Faiutno48. Dys- PUUTBRSpepsia,Colds,Consumption,Rhenmatisui,Kemala-are sold Weaknesa, etc. Thej retain their active propertiesby all when other plasters are useless, and where applied Pealers pain cannot exi»t. JCvery fnmily should have them.One size on cloth, three meson leather. Sample sent by mail, on receipt of 25 cents.BARNR*it.PAUU,XOS.13it15,Park-Row, N. Y. MRS. S. A. ALLEN'S HAIR RESTORER AND ZYLO-BALKARr*.Cures BAI-»XKJI« and restores GraY Hair to its original color.Forsale,wholesaleandretail,atpriTicipald*pot,No.355Broome, Corner Klizabetb-st., andby all dru^ists and fancy-goods dealoT*.THE PARKER SEWING-MACHINECO.,Respectfullycalltheattention»fthepublictotheirnewand heautiful. first-class, rapid and noisele**, doohle-thread,ecutive ees-i-ion. Adjourned.HOUSE, Feb. 27—The bills for the payment of In- valid and other Pensions, and for the support of the MilitaryAcademywere,parsed.Mr.Conkling(Rep., X. Y.) sought but failed to obtain consent to introduce a resolution of inquiry whether any firrther legislation was necessary to secure the liberty of speech or per-sonintheDistrictof Columbia,andalsotherightsof freeperson»insaidDistrict. OnmotionofMr.Fen- ton(Rep.,2s.Y.),aresolutionwasadoptedcallingfor informationnstotheconditionofthetrust landswest oftheMissourisetapartforthoNew-YorkIndians; andifthesamehavebeenbrought,intomarket,byer's skill. T h e vast assemblage frequently rang in our columns this morning. W e must reply tomen at Albany to consider whither legislation of this sort may lead us. Such a precedent in the hands ofacorruptandneecrapulousLegislatureiscapa-from lto2* Dime*.lished at all. Its beneficiaries anii active advocatesIf the ends of public justice ever can require leg-S4* SBWISO-MACKI^B. *40 Agesrts waatod. Office, No. 409 BROAI>WAT.DYSPEPSIA REMEDY.cencybeashamedtoperform labor,onfair terms{fegVxitifoxi.Co.Itinvolvesourcountryinan "entanglingalliance"This country urgently needs the most direct and It imposes on us, to a considerable extent, the oner- they do not even ask to be convicted of that respon-and forthepublic good. Republicanismwillbe by judicious legislation, rid the National- Capital of aat the opening of every session of Congress, from all parts of the Union, a crowd of practical printers and fancyprinters, editors and engravers, paper- makers and book-binders, politaeians- and specula- tors, eager for spoils, and ready to enter into such combinations with friends and foes as may be nec- esiary t o obtain them. L e t this system b e thor- oughlyoverhauled, radicallyreformed, andplaced- on a practical and honest business basis. A t all events, let the Committees of tie- House io their duty in the premises.cheapest advertising mediam in the world.The Tribune Oatupaign Tracts.Ko. 1. Sxvv'ARD.aad O'CO.NOK.No. 2. DJCMOCKATICLEADERS EOR DISUNION—Wil- that he can possibly keep out.THE HOUSE EBINTTWO.The House has at last disposed of the question ofton's Speech.See advertisement.sented a lxiemorial from the Legislature of Ne w-Mexi- zona. Mr. Sevrard (Rep., N. Y.) presented petitionsmost convincing political arguments ever made in cutting each other's throats. G v e u s o n e good ihe cases will not be fairly tried, or" that i t is possi-time; then we can tell what should be done for them there. If there were no other objection to job. Names high in public estimation as Repub-asking that rMMieionsbe granted too soldiers of the warmost, appreciating audience. Since the days ofanother. Perhaps the first will i>ay-so well that this bill, it is enough that it takes eight cases nowlican leaders have been, wrongfully we trust,ative to the Territories was then taken up, and M r.A correspondent who urges the ratification of the njew.TreatynegotiatedbyMr.McLanewiththeAdrain (A. L., N. J.) proposed to say something in re-Bad Spirits, Dyspepxia, Nervon-ness, Heartburn, Colic, Pains, of the 2sTew-York Seventh Regiment. But objections and Gulf States, and those touching the Pacific-ness, Kidney Complaints.Melancholy, Delirium Tremens, Intem- were made. Mr. John Cochrane (Dem., 2ST.Y.) also needs, to this end— perance, Female Complaints, and kindred diseate*.trigue and domestic dissensions, and of guarantee- and fair claims against mem? without the formalityWind in the Stomach or Pain in the Bowels, Headache, Drowsi-The proprietor invit«r» the attention of the trade to this article, rose to reply to gome remarks published in T H E TRIB andmerelyasksatrialto test its merits. He will be xiad to T.VE,andthe objections were renewed. Hestilted, have Druggists and others call at'his office and examine the uied-ioine for themselves, and also see the testimonials in Its favor.ing the good behavior of her warring factions. If of a trial. Surely, no extraordinary legislation is 1. A Daily Overland Mail from tho Missouri by- Henry Clay were President, and it were possible needed for a case of this sort. I t may be safelyMerchanta in the South American trade, and others, can havo it With 8paniah labels, certificates, t c .It is n o w being extensively advertised through the Eastern and Middle Statea, and persons in these who have not be«n sup- plied may procure i t by calling or writinsr to theGeneralDepot,No. -tx Water-si-,New-York. ItIsputupinpintbotUesat50cents,and inquartsat$1. AgCWeial discount to wholesale and retail druggists for cash. WXRXH k. POTTBX, Wholesale Agents BostonJ. BAXCB St S»3. Wholesale Agents, Provluence. T.W.DVOTT.V.So*,WholesaleAgents,Puiladolphia.DR. MARSH continues to apply his RADICALCCRR Txras;'with snecess, in effecting permanent enrea of Her- rda>ftRuptorw,atNo.2Vesev-st. Ladieswaiteduponbya female In private rooms. Also, Txirsax^ of every description for -oermanent retention of Rupture, Bathing Trasses, Supporters, obotdder-Brscee, Suspensory Bandage*, Silk Elastic. Stockings,however, thai he was neither the Chairman of the the rich Mineral region of Carson Valley and over Commitree of Arrangements, nor a member. After..Knee-Caps, Anklets, a n d a il Surgical appliance* applied,byMARHHitCo.,No.2Vesey-st.,N.Y.sclenUiicauyprincipally,that voters who in 1856 cast their suffrages forBuchananorFillmoreshouldin1860castthem for the Republican Presidential candidate, if theyquite an exciting time, the matter wan dropped, and the House proceeded to vote for Printer, Mr. Colfax (Rep.,Ind.)withdrawing thename ofMr.Defrees. Three votes were had, as follows:the Sierra Nevada to Placerville and San Fran- cisco.Mr. Olo^brenner; Mr. Ball Mr.FordofOhio.... Mr. "WintonMr. SeatouMr. Ho:loway74 7 8817.the Exemption act,beside several others ofa localmoza« rwrxusrkable cures made there by PTof. (Jbas. DeOxath's character. Mr. Ja<jue*,.from the Pro-Rata Investi- through certain essential intermediate points withfew doors sonth of Che"tnut-st. ?) H o w is it that the editor of gating Committee, reported testimony, and their con-We have "room for all at home.VI. Some of the alleged commercial stipulationsTb* Brie Observer was cured in two days of Rheum«ti»m in h k heck of three-year*' duration; and Mr. Brady, cf Harrisborg,of Vassuysis?Whyandhowwas:tthatth«otherday,Mr.Oeorgaclusion therefrom, that there is no foundation for the lowest responsible bidder; and whether the cost be chargethatimproperinfluencehasbeenusedtoaffect $50,000,$10,000,or$100,000perannum,wesay,IThird CMS F.Br8*?.Jok F. Jones, 1).TThe Ele< Ryan, Char -BenjaminCITT M:<j Occurrir.xwas54X\ and ISO children, diesases vseFirst. Second. Third.graphcanonlybekeptinworkingorderbyrunning it directly along the Mail-route; so as to keep itThis Government is no stronger to-day than it wasCommittee shall report—as it is said they will—a the deceased, when tho enstomary resolutions wore bill to pay certain specified parties out of theXsSCrlSXs A TUKJK.SENATE, Feb.27.—Biltawere introducedrelativeto alineofOverland Magnetic Telegraph to bebyis to deiey the improvement of our means of com-:2bers of Congress, are contingent assassinations,andpublishing the State Canvass, to encroachments onNew-York Harbor, and to pnrchaw of real estate byColumbiaCollftge.InCommittee,thebillrelativetoDivorce.?wiwU:kenupandamended.Thebillrela- servicerequiredtowhoeverwillperformitonthe'mnication straight across our own territories.miV. Our correspondent shows that several of the spirit and purpose. If Mr. Breckinridge was not Chicago Convention should select as our standard-tivetotlie propertyintradeandthe earningsofmar-ri«:d women v/an debated, and ordered to a third read-most favorable terms.Mind that we do not object to tho undertaking,preeminently needs that Telegraph: let it help pay tin cost, of its construction. Nor do wc hold thattection of our citizens in Mexico, repelling of savage incursions,&c, arewhollysupererogatory. Our right to defend our own citizens and settlements ispresentonlybyaccident,anunarmedspectator, of course he is notamenable to.ourcriticism. It is impossible that even a tolerably intelligent ob-zeitung,thatjournal,likeTheCourUrandEn- quirer, intendstobolt. Thisisanalarmingmenace, and wo deeply regret tho danger, though we suppose that it will,hardly frighten the Convention out of its convictions of duty. But the Abendzeitung might, perhaps, be equally admirable if it -would limitthe Brooklyn Water act, and several other bills were dhicussed in Committee.ASSEMBLY, Feb. 27.—Bills were introduced to definethe powera and duties of. Harbor Masters, to extendthe corporate powers of the Seneca Indians, to amendto win favor for the Treaty. And, so far as they actual facts upon which our comments turned, with-w<Hs, No. 227 Eager-st., Baltimore, tw o doors from St. James's the vote on the bill. After remarks by the Speaker Let the most favorable bid be accepted, and let its of this Treaty are advantageous to us; but Satan's-theleadingrepresentativesoftheformerRadical Democracy of this State,.hold the opinion that the principlesofRepublicanismwillbeweSeatabnahed inthegovernmentofthecountry,bytbenomination and election of thecandidatebrought forward by the Emancipationists of Missouri. But, like wise iadapstShOsMxDnU. Whydosuch m Messrs.G.N.k W.H.WiUiams,WnolessJ* jJmijji^s, of Syracuse, N . Y ., write, A ug. 30, that Yo«)cUHHrie <>S1 proves mm* b«n«*ticial than ar.y other pre-V**TM°°Lji have ,ver heard or." & c.from him that he knew nothing about the intended andMr.Milliken,theHousewentintoCommitteej>n conditionsbofulfilled. Buttogiveanoutright offertoChristof"allthekingdomsoftheworld'5 assault,andthathenevergoesarmed-inthestreetsir^!^^ll,^t'*DdD»ln^«nc<>l'>r. DepotNo.1Barclay- DritOffieeCommitteewill,it is said,reportabillpro-the Three Millions distributed under the former Treaty were entirely too much, and we believe HalfUrcomplaintsofthe—JOB. ' ^ ^"' ^"^t«^, «ndail thePr^JAGEWAMM<3aud10«*»*«),forsaleat tfcfciOffico.LTCKCXo*.NATURAL HISTORY.—Attheannual meetingoftbemember*ofthe Xuw-York Lyceumof Natural history, held Inat evening at the FourU-xjuth Btreet Medical College, th« •following ofiietsrH were elected for the en-ming year: President, JosephDeJftfield; First Vice-Prenident, Whliam Cooper; Second Vice-Prewident, J . C. Brevoort; Correspond- bag Secretary, JT. H . R^dfield; Recording Secretary, H.H.Browne;Treaaartr, C.M.WbeaJtJey; Libra-But it is added that Newspapers, and all matter not subjecttoLetterPostage,istobecarriedoverthe same route by tho Bame contractors once a weekants is exceedingly malodorous.VIII.Wearcutterlyopposedtoanyintermed- may.Wesay,aswehavealways,said,thatthethe Pro-Rata bill—Mr. Flagler offering an importantamendment, which ho explained at length. The j amendment w as adopted. Other amendments weresum to certain parties, without even inquiringwhether others are not ready to perform the requi-was quite a s tempting, and no less authentic.VII. The money stipulated to b© paid by thin present, accidentally of course, whenever deeds ofindividual preference against the judgment of the iNational Convention. It is thetriumphoftheirI tion, and which w e denounoe and execrate, is as- ideas which they desiws and not the election of this jrnoe »ewta, 50 eents, and * 1 per bottle. For sale by I offr.red, debated, and adopted.- A session waa had in site service at a cheaper rate, is the old Steamship BA PATreaty furnishes the propelling force by which it is tobodriventhrough.Thepretendedclaimsonnecessaryforhimtospeak.Everybodyknowspatrioticpoliticians,theydonotnoisilysetut^iheir•,"5**,* **»NOS.13and15Park-row,andallDru^M* endDealers. Dtyot> Pldhuielphia,Pa.HILL'S HAIR DYK, 50 CEN.TS.—-Black or Brown,violence are contemplated or perpetrated, it is un- II. Then, as to Mail Service. The HOUBO Post- Mexico are either unfounded or grossly exaggerated; about that.theevening,andtheProRata bill discussed. Itwas made the special order for to-morrow..Mailjobberyoveragain.Wcprotestagainstit.George's Shoal, and a steam-tug will be necessary otowhertothiscity.o public odium are the assassins, be they who they|^|.-.-^.:^iifr.ittss<wtttt^^NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 28, *860.berofdivershaveleftHalifaxinthesohooner ourCaliforniacotemporariesandprintedbythem.a knowntothepublic,itisdifficulttoconceiveof wheretheavailingpartiesarearmed. Of<prey to render assistance. A hat-box marked fortnight or so before our papers can reach our eub- any good reason for such legislation in regard to ^nean nothing Jes«.Itcan"William BonUenhoupe, Sackville," has been scTHberson the Pacific, is not tbe fair thing. SmashRichmond County as is proposed by the bill reportedIt is against such diaboJical attacks of the armed trpon the unarmed, of two or more upon one, tbatwaahed ashore; but it is not clear that it came fromthe wreck. in a mail-bag pay its regular postage; but let every- of o u r correspondent yesterday morning. What we make o u r protest*. W e denounce tueor a«thing go through in equal time, and don't send part private griefs there may be to be gratified thereby, hateful and infamous. They are the outwardWc cannotundertaaetore«rnrejected.f'^'X'^. v^at- No notice can be taken of Anouymoa- C o m m u ^ ^ n .dressedtoHOHAC*ORKBLHY&Co.Attorney Waterhury yesterday addressed a longNos. 61 Nassau-st., and 3S1 Uroadway. reS^-THK IUTI.T'i-KiBWB by the early train eaob morning, communication to the Board of SuperviBors, in through New Mexico and Arizona. If we are to have measures as here indicated. 'How *'.little bills" stabbed or «hot in the back. Any man may beInreplytotheresolutionofMr;Supervisor ofyourMailaheadtokilltheresiduethatyoukeCp ofcourseweknownot;butthatsomesuchexistis bloody*manifestationofacowardiceandacruelty rnish him with a clerk for that servicc—-which wasjxisvsahasnowattainedis,notunnaturally,accompaniedby. very.obliginginhim,tobesure,seeingthattheyteams,andoftenprovedestructivetowagon-withoutthefearofanycontradiction,successfulortionsaretheverminandreptile*offjociety,whochief reason for not bringing indictments to trial is, that they wevrs lor first offenses, and there .werebe worth something to the foreordained contract- is or is not guilty. A second position also, wo pre- delible etigma, to banish and disown them.the Rocky Mountain Gold Region through Utah toleft to the ordinary course of judicial procedure, for there is nothing in the circumstances surrounding it that entitles any of the plaintiffs to any privileges which are not accorded by the laws to other citizens oftheState.MB. BREClOIYIilDGE'S APOLOGY. In justice to the yice-President we publish else-for him to sanction such a Treaty, w e should stilloppose it.III. No man denies that this Treaty is madewith a Government which rules over but a fraction2. AMagneticTelegraphalongorverynearthisgreat central Mail-route. In fact, such a Tele- dared to show its faco within sight of their capital.age depredations, and render it at all times ac- cessible.3. A Railroad from somo point on the MiBaisaippi or Missouri to the Pacific Oceaiu\de faclo of Mexico. W e do not choose to 'decide of Saturday morning, in which he. denies that iwhichofthesewarringfactionsisthestrongeror hewasprivyto theassaultonMr.Hickman,EKESIBEIYTIAE. ,The German journal, th e Abcndzritung,The Chicsummation of a job. And if the Senate Post-OffieeGive us a Telegraph, a Daily Mail and (ultimately)Treasury $50,000 per annum for ten years, under the guise of compensation for giving th e GoYern- ment a priority in the conveyance of messages overcase of Tray being found in bad company. T h e chief point of our comments was, that these as-them constructed, then we trust their bill will be defeated, or at any rate so modified as to open thestipulationsofthinTreaty,withregardtothopro- cognizantofMr.Edmundson'sintention,orwasbeareranymanexceptthecandidateoftheAbend-for that we favor; nor to the Government'!*- aidinging. »So_-was tho bill to incorporate the Citizens'Savings Bank of New-York. The Troy Armory bill, it, for that is just and politic The Government already perfect. They were probably inserted only server of the occurrence should be able to know the$50,000knowledge on that point. But letthe Government advertise for proposals' for connecting Missouriper annum iB too much;forwe have noway blunts the force of our general charge, or takesthe case ofMr. Hickman out.of the category wherewe placed it, as illustrative of assassin purposes.ThiB was the charge we made, and this is the chargeto which we adhere, and to which we shall adhere,until Mr. Keitt can dear his Bkirts in the<manner in only the Messrs. Blair, father and son, but manyof , whichMr.Breckinridgehas-done.LetushearThething'towhichwedesiretocallpublicatten- HOLLOWAY'SpiU.sandOINTMENTan-t)wb.-sr putinto New-Bedford yesterday afternoon with pointontheMississippiorMissourithatthelowest aMillionwouldamplypayeverydollarthatMexico BaBsination—bullying,'cowardly,infamousassassina-SMml(£?rZZl?\ ?« - * ^ tne United State.. Also, I.««#AL- XiBMt ORCric^, tor the Growth and Beauty of the flair.viding for a Daily Mail in twenty days from anyherengines broken. Theaccidentoccurredoff biddersmayprefertoSanFrancisco. Sofar,well. honestlyowesusto-day. This$2,000,000toclaim- tion. ThemenwhomwestigmatizeandholdupThe steamer Jura, from Liverpool the 11th inat,dlingbyourGovernment in theintestinefeudsof confederatea&saultonMr.SumnerintheSenatewas TheWashingtonCityCommonCouncillastnight andinthirtydays. Weprotestagainstthisunjust othercountries. LytJuarezandMiramonfight oneofthemostabominableandloathsomeactsvoted to present to tlm Seventh Regiment,Na- and mischievous discrimination. We do notbe- outtheirquarrel; ifJuarezisthestronger,wecan ever recorded in the annals ofsavage Uullyism. ional Guard, of thifl city, a handsome stand of ieve it will save a sum worth naming to the Gov- afford to wait for the full establishment of his sway; The fighting subterranean rowdies of the Sixth colors. - crment, while it must prove utterly ruinous to the while, should Miramon prove such, our $2,000,000 Ward would cry shame on scch a transaction within PreBs. We who print newspapers that our Pacific to Juarez will of course be thrown away. If the heir own purlieus. In that case, wo saw one Thomas If. Ford of Ohio, yesterday elected brethren choose to take must of course submit to Church or Miramon party now hates us, it has good armed man assail and strike down an unarmed per-be anticipated Homo three weeks by the tidings reason to do BO; but lot us treatt all parties impar- Mansfield,.Ohio,in18r>T>electedLieut-Governorof conveyed by Telegraph to our subscribers. tiallyandjuBtly,andthathatredwillpassaway.thatStatebyalargemajority. Heisalawyerby That, is our fortune, andJwe must take —Inshort—forthisisthewholematterinanut-i on, while another anned man stood by a s a con* federate,readytoaimtiefatalbulletorplungetlxe- tiojaofTHE TRIBUNE,neednotf*arfromus.anyr*siatancetothesatisfactionoftheirappetitOvTherewasagreatcommotionlastevening,mthe*•Printer to th e House, is a Republican lawyer ofrian,O.W.Morris;Curators,Dr. G.Hockley,Dr.J. Green, Messrs.T. Prime, G. N. Lawrence, and profession, but we believe was formerly a Printer. it as we find it. But to have the Mail so di- shell—let us mind our own business,and let Mexico offer resistance. Can anything b©more atrocious,JEtobertH.Browne. TheSocietyholdsitsregular Besaion on Monday evening of each week, and its pur-poees are of a purely scientific character.vided andarranged thatourownnews,which alone. ShewilldobetterthuBthanifweintermed- moresavageandfoul,thanthis7 TheHiokmanHewasactiveinthecanvassforFremontin1850.We are yet without anything from the wreck, of own articles, which a million peqplo desire lo read, deal better.we Lave paid tliouBunds to collect, and ourdle in her domestic broils—while we shall do a great assault belongs to the eame class of attacks, BO far Common Council, over the new street-oleaning ooflas wo can judge from appearances. It was pre- tract entered iut# by the Heads of Departmentin the latter case will overload wagons as well as ' One of two things may be taken for granted, and determined. But the actors in such transac-are matters of public record which he is bound tofurnish when requested io doso. Ho asserts that the ten days behind with the Newspaper Mails would the Quarantine Hospitals Richmond County either J Society owes it to itseJf to brand them with an in-ors; but we doubt their willingness to perform the sume, may be assumed as incontrovertible, and per- Let it be understood that in theee remarks we 1. M . Sraejtx ^ Co., No. 458 Broadway, N . Y . wc mean that they shall always find in it. In order to obviate hopes of amtudnnxtt and reform for the criminals. setvice $ 100,000 cheaper on that account. If they fectly just to all parties—that if she is not guilty, have not lynched upon the question of equal per-i . informing the when elected,when th'ei i -which,wasn fee could*noedly be.ado Mayor wfaj toabolishVAt r a a . p r o m p t ; ;jaoitieo in ehai grantBureai: o f p a s s e n g e r 1 giving the M oer,twooiert Tho proposed State, law nn< missioners of aary, since in the ewindieagrant Comn Police, while policemen m the best int be able to co; dlers,andco estly. Sucn alreadyamp! Council.shoo]unneccswarfty do need, how is a law givui to aummaril; grants,bavin them to t i c tencestobe' might hope tFailing t<j legal process theCc-un'-y, gone to Arbathey hope t which our Si Levy,andw to put in. i Levy has pa* be returnt-d according to' provedasanimposition v Xhe Commi -ceivedtoomeortofvalue, beenlegitimi centlysbowiaamuchfo; time that th-away. 7"at Legislature mission <jxis made..-Thetee of thopi gross overci it is feared nolly and a not onlycetlonger ieuse cans.i po6eallsue•'Treasury.fortheRe are evenas "inalAmenatedby will be qu when we < that select: Our Cm* .. a while vitself v.In heaping probrious and in »pitChicagoh; ' given itsellduringthe cratic or^a munition.< ancholy -exWisco.Ns: to thel>em< are as folic"R.Sharp«t<-U! ITniU.Second Cov.Charles "Whir I Gtjo. H . SlaujBARTHOLF SCw.xi*XAT*i> SSWJSO MAcnxxsa.' TltMo sanerior MacWne. are Adapted t o Family Sowing a n d to^ntaK^d^Scturte* uses, and are unequaled l a e x -s^rfle^nd«topHoayiAXTHoLyMAin?,ACTpRIW f^.No. 434 Broadway, cor. rloward-»t.KHKLX A LYON'S SEWING MACHINES re-Ml t h * a i c h * « t M e d a l a t * h « 7 * i r o f t h e A m e r i c a n I n s t i t u t e , th» highest premium for r>n* Sewinr Machine work: aUofegUbaat premium at the Fair ef the Franklin last., New-Jett*y JSSSmt&, etc, etc. Agents wanted. Office, No. ft? Broadway.,"WHEELER& WILSON'SSEWING MACHINES.•* W e p r e f e r t h e m f o r f a m i l y u s e . " — [ T i i b o u e . **They are the favorite* for fainilien.''—I Time*.OtBce, No. 505 Broadway, New-York.HOWE'SORIGINAL SEWINGMACHINES.For Family and Manufacturing purpose*. Ajtent* Wanted for the couuUy. :Office, No. 437 Broadway.netotherswhowillcarrytheentiremaildailyproposition—thattheCounty,ifitcommitted that act,should suffer thepenalty—covers everyques- tionthatcanbyanypossibilitybebroughttobear upon tsha subject. ^uponanybull-dogperformancesofthatsort,we arenot nowreferringtotheminanyway. When- amanassailshisequaluponequalterms—theun- armed agjainst the unarmed, or the armed againsth a v e n o t b e e n t r i e d .H e s a y s : " I n a m a j o r i t y o fIII. ABtoaPacificRailroad,weareasheartilyforitasweknow howtobe. Bjut wewantone WhethertheCountyisguiltyornot,isaquestion the armed, each without confederates, and each" the cases they would be only presumptive, and inroad first, evenif we are ultimately to have two orwe do not propose to examine.at cheaper rates than the preemptioners' Competitionisawholesomeregulator.offer.But as she is ar- raigned as a criminal, for which she is to suffer, ifP r e s i d e n t ' s l a s t A n n u a l M e s s a g e i s m a i n l y r i g h t h u n d r e d t h o u s a n d d o l l a r s , t h a t q u e s t i o n s h o u l d c e r - t h a t w e l e a v e f o r a s u i t a b l e o c c a s i o n . I t i s n o tthree; and w e want that constructed wherever and"ticetosaywhy1atrialisnotbad.Forvarious bywhomsoeveritmaybodonemostcheaply.The thisbillbecomealaw,inasumnotlessthanthree tionsareintended. Thatisabranchofthesubject" some instances it would defeat the ends ofjus-" r e a s o n s , t h e r e f o r e , s u c h a r e t u r n c a n n o t b e m a d e .tainly be eubmitted to a judicial examination rather likely to arrive among the fighting bullies of Con- "whyanyoneormoreoftheindictmentsarenofr"Wjgfall'sSenatebillisfatallywroaginproposing thanbeprejudgedbylegislativeenactment. There gress. Wearenowaskingforapublicverdict"But, if any member of your Board wishes to knowwith regard to this great enterprise, while M r." tried, if he will call at this office it will give m eto undertake two separate lines at once, and to payiB already law enough to convict and to punish her; against foul play, against stabs in tbe back, againstand under tbat law there are, at this moment, pend- confederate assaults of armed ruffians upon un- ing against her no less than eight suits, four brought armed Representatives of the people, against assas-{' great pleasure to satisfy him fully." In respect to each an arbitrary bonus per mile from the Fed- eral Treasury. L e t Congress advertise for pro-his associates, who claim, damages for the destruc-tion of their private property at the time of theburning of the hospitals. And these suit's, it should Public Printer, by electing Thomas H , Fordof Ohio. All Republicans who regard the County, but in the Counties of New-York and Kings; principles of the party as of more value TheSpeechofABRAHAMLINCOLNattheC6oper fromthemomentofitscompletion;whiletworival andnobodyhasventuredtoadvanceaplea,sopre- than thospoils' of place, are heartily glad Institute last evening w as one of the happiest and rjoads would need a Pro Rata act t > keep them from posterous upon tho face of it, that in those counties that this affair is disposed of. In the gen-mand a trial. M r. Waterbury ie manifestly un-tory; and let the contract be awarded to the lowestbidder who puts up satisfactory so jurities. I t willbe far easier to construct one goo<3 Road within thetiext ten years than two Within twenty; for the oue be remembered, arc not brought in Richmondwilling to let any light into his "prison-house"Speech; yet the touek, the gestures, the kindlingject vvjia then postponed, and the Senate went into ex- eye »Dd tho mirth-provoking look, defy the report- Juarez Government in Mexico, taies a largo space guilty without a trial. It is worth while for gentle-what authority.President's Annnal Message, and Reports of the Heads ofDepartments,wasordered,asreportedbytheCom- mittee,asavingofsome$16,000beingsecured. Mr.instrument,asgenerallyunderstood.H. OurobjectiontotheTreatyis fundamental.thattheyintendtoescape,orthatitispossiblefor honestywillnotbeafraidtoinvestcapital,norde-T h e printing of extra copies of thothemtoescape,iftheyweresodisposed,theirlegalswith cheers and shouts of applause, which were prolongedandintensifiedattheclose.Noman ever before made such an impression on his first appeal to a New-York audience.Mr.Lincoln speaksfortheRepublicancauseto- night at Providence,R.I.,anditishoped thathe will find time to speak once or more in Connecticut bofore he sets his face homeward.We shallsoonissuehisSpeechoflastnightin pamphletformforcheapcirculation.hpm briefly.I. H e says w e have n o t published the Treaty.•9TEK3LANI> TOTHIS PACIFIC.D*. HAM'S AXOJCATIC IXVI«K>RATIX6 SRTXTT i« one of theOtoat effective medicine* ox* t h e a g o , having been osed for theP»*t six years with Increasing favor. It is recommended to cure ply to Mr. Carter's resolution relative to the treatment speedy intercommunication between its Atlantic ous task of protecting Mexico against foreign in- sibility, but are quite willing now to settle all just complicated system of jobbery that tempts thither,will be morally certain Of a good paying businesseralestimation,it,partooknow, asithasusually co,askingfortheorganizationoftheTerritoryofAri- this Citv, andwasaddressed toacrowded,and OverlandRailroadfirst,andinth€shortestpossible bleanymaligninfluencecanbebroughttobearupon doneheretofore,fartoomuchofthecharacterofaof 1R10. Mr. Hale {Hep., N. H.) presented a memo- Clay and Webster, no man has spoken to a larger another will speedily build itself; possibly it may do before the Supreme Court of the First and Second mixed up with Democratic names in this affair, inrial from Frank S«nbom, protecting against the order assemblage of the intellect and mental cultureof so badly that we shall not chocse to undertake Districts to be adjudicated upon by the Legislature a manner not at.all agrecaMo to those who believeforhiearrppt.,ar.daskingthatitberescinded.Mr. another. PacificRailroadsarenottrifles,andif atAlbany,andthatLegislaturerepresentingthe thatthepresent Administration isrottentotho Collamer (Rep., Yt.) moved an' inquiry into the expe- our City. M r . Lincoln is one of Nature's orators,diency of having letters remaining in a Post-Office using'his rare powers solely and effectively to eluci- they are to' receive their alimont from the Treasury, principal plaintiff—the State. W e make here two core, because of itsjobbery in contracts, and whothirty fays noc-iilod for returned to their writers.date and to convince, though-their inevitable effectv-e insist on making them one a t a time.TUB MEXICAN THE ATX.points,the importanceofwhich, wethink,wedo aredeterminedtogotothepeopleupenthatprecise not overrate: First, that there is here an utterly issue in the coming Presidential contest.Adopted. Mr. Wilson (Rep-, Max*.) gave notice of a"bill to reduce the rates now paid for the public print- is to delight and electrify as well. We presenting twentv-fivo per cent. Mr. Brown's resolution rel- herewith a very full and accurate report of this^unwarrantable interference with the Judiciary; and ..second, that the State, through the Legislature, ^ventures to usurp the place of judge that itmayWe hope the Republicans will make it a cardinal point in their policy to thoroughly reform the print- ing business in both Houses, and in all the depart- mentsoftheGovernment,asalsoeverythingre- lating thereto in the shape of furnishing paper, blanks, twine, and stationery, and executing book and document-binding, engraving, maps, and draw- ingsrand,inaword—forweneednotgointodetaii —all thebrar-ches of these andcognate expenditures. Formerly, they stood on the worst possible footing. Of late, some improvements tending to economy havebeeninitiated.Butthisentirefieldofexpendi- tureneeds tobeaccuratelyandhonestly surveyed,and- thoroughly broken up with the sub-soil plow of retrenchment, and then cleared of all roots and rubbish,weedsandvermin,makingitaspotwhere" . .We answer that it has not yet been lawfully pro^ ble of infinite mischief. mulged, and we do not know that it has been pub-haveputforth, through their (hief organ,what"' islationofthissort,theycertainlydonotinthisin-theysayisthetextoftheTreaty; butitis nowise stance. Asitisquiteabsurdto suppose that theauthenticated. HowcanwebeBurethat they whole20,000peopleofStaten Island participatedinorwereevencognizantoftheacts ofa fewin- Wechoosetostandontheleadingfeaturesofthe cendiaries,soisitaltogetheragratuitoussuppositionhave notgarbled it to suit theirpersonalends?responsibility for the acts of a mob. Indeed, if we-MustsuchaoneasWashingtonwarnedusagainst. maybelievetheStatenIslandpaperoflastweek, entitledtothegratitudeofthecountryifitwill,of theMexicanpeople,andhasnotforalongtimeto them.their business enterprises, letthem stay at home. Wewouldnotencouragethemtoransacktheworld:Radical Democrats of old, now honored- and influential members- of the Republicac- party, do not need its officious services- Their number includes the most active and efiV cient friends of the nomination of Mr. Eates. NoivUntitled DocumentIf our people choose to he protected in:fbat whoever engages -in them is an assassinin " out of ihe account." In other words, if the (out this highly proper confession of Mr. Breckin-protect ourcitizensandtheirproperty, we object ridge. Whileitexemptshimfrom censure,itinno its folly and speak for itself alone. The-authorize us to send armed forces into Mexico toofWashington. Astohisalwayshappening tobedeadlyponiard incasethevictimshouldbeable,tow i t h a n e q u a l c h a n c e — t h o u g h w e m a y ' d e p l o r e a n d condemn. It is not a case for which these observa-orthatfavoritjosindividual. Forourpart,wecor-*"biain,1-1 couvulfct'tuue 14; drop-yj fevers,'.:t>;'inations,->0| accident;- thedec^L-ei gland,i1; shows a n Week.—Gen. \1 neceesity o{ Nicaragua,] Douglas^1ofSlavery suec«>fca ot So says ',7,1—At Coll Columbia ballot. .BpeaaBM i.....aim, a n d w e emulate their, Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 