 llI ftL•%''$*•-'NW-YORK:House), in tone and manner well befitting the momen- the Postmaster-General, for three or four years after *ulnce e v e wben bursts of aaplause escaped them, not believe tbe whole vote cf the city can, by any poe-'ton, candidates for Governor andJLiieut.-Governor, and no disturbance marred the harmony of the proceed- England G*rrit'Smith will receive as many votes for others. In the eveting many buildings were brib ngs."—" Father Cleveland," a well-known city mission- ,ary of Boston, and a man stricken in years, gives in•-.* ,-:•s*rGOV. .HOUSTON'S WITHDRA W AL.f l o w i n g is Mr Houston's letter, wr.bdrawingfrom Adams County, some 5.000 i'a all aud anionsground, and formed in the rear. Mr. Farnsworth wasfollowed by the Hon. Cassius M. Clay, who had but was die victim. The coroner's jury have rendered ajost arrived upon the ground. The applause following verdict cbarg<ng Sej mour D. George and James Now- the introduction of Hr. Clay was almost deafening, and Ian with tbe crime of murder. ',g i x :TBOUBLK IN THE ^WIGWAM.T b » I>emocrw6ic Stat* r Central Committee of* feelings of tke gravest solicitude and alarm A pow- dall, having succeeded Mgj. Barry in the Posi- Office meeting passed off in the most satisfactory man- " erful sectiot>al'p>»rty, it is feared, is about seising the Department, set about relieving tne Department from Dtfr; The great feature of the m*eang, how- ''reins of Goveromeot—a result which, sooner..or its pecuniary embarrassments by '" picking up the ever, was in the ^e"ing, on tbe arnval of. toe "fctter, would be succeeded by disaster and diamera- crumbs'"which Mr. Barry had thrown away aanot "Wide-Awakes from Columbn8,.who eotered the vu>ike kind much needed now), noade the outside crowd. Tbe Committee, of itself, nntn >ered fourteen, all tol 1."for by the draft, and t/ic very money rectived by him four and five years previous. . : .Any in/*rm'Ltl<> ,J.c?nc^.rn'ln« hl«" win bf> gratefilly'r^ceifodtTpen the-firsf day, these great men did little else than crous proposition! Douglas saving the Union! WhatI claim tbat in this, comparatively little incident, we*f you .call 'em iff." And the r did call 'em off; but, horrible to relate, the Dean* figuring still gave*the & a u t o "UncleAbe." This announcement brought a brae chill to Peter's blooming face, who immediately set to work on his own accou at. He did the basiaess IB short order, giving the Sta e to Douglas and Union by 2,000 majority, which w i s deemed sufficient to knock Gree&y » calculations sky-high, and the foodsHAKRisuaRG, Aug. 30,1860. The October contest promises now to be peculiarlyand other illuminations added life to the occasion.of all who bear this well-knc wn name in this country, —Mr. Forrest has met, in the City of. Baltimore, with a critic who fully appreciates his geoius. Thaout of Bill Kelly, who. it is* reported, is willing to and he accordingly sent a challenge to Mr. Curtin to •CMS down about $23,000. "V\ e should like to see the meet him on the stump. Curtin is in the North-West, Igor* athat Peter couldn't work to gee that amount. and Mr. McClure, Chairman'of the People's StateA/ter figuring on in this wa; r for about two hours, Committee, was on his way to bis residence in Chaux-ike Stale was carried beyond all doubt. Taencame the tug of-war. "Who will *ibscribe V No response; aJu»ii*n'; no one at home. Then said Peter, 'Who •wdB drink ?" All responded: all at k m e ; and the Committee drank. From the wild proportions then made to raise the wind, one w<>uld have supposed theCommittee to be guilty of ioeb riation. But they were act; they were merely looking: for the means to do it •with.Still Belmont will not bleed; Brady will not resign;sickness is in tbe camp, and the party seems to havesorced, and all hands were forbid mentioning Mc- Mahon's name. "What is.to be done 7berbbuig to spend a few days, when he received a dis- patch at this place, adviaing lam of Foster's challenge; and he replied promptly, by telegraph accepting it forprairies. ' —The Republican meeting at Hudson on Wednesdayfor the Constitution and the Union, and so long as a doubt whether any actor can ever do justice to hiBthe dry rot generally. Green \^as carsed, Tucker was known, but it is not likely that M'Clare will'allow7ou», intbe nextroom, ISt AicWu. Hotel, DouglaSf 2&w», No. U6.Mrs. JONES.poll in October^next, and will make the raral districts cast the whole availada yote It Bomcks of fight onalso from ih-j neighboring towus in Erie aK^d^O^rleanssemble, and at a few minutes past eight there 'weretwo or ihree thousand people upon the ground, whowere addreseed in tbe German language by Mr.Kreiss-man previous to ibe arrival of the Wide -A wak«-s escort-ing the othrr-speakers. Mr. Kreissoian was listened tovery attentively for some half hour^ when the confu-eion coi-sequent upon the arrival of the Wide-Awakes, words can describe the reality. You must see For- lumbering some two hundred, in uniforms,' with .aTHE HOUSTON ST A TS COMMITTEE.At the regular meeting of th^Iouaton State Commitee en Saturday, Sept. 1, informati on vgae presented which w'Jl probably fix the authorsbi pof t!he false tele graphicand it will be the great expir Dg struggle of that once intends doing thoroughly, the State will go for Douglas united and powerful body in PennsylvaniaThe secret of this movemen'.on the part of Mr. Foster, by fifreen thousand majority. If he only makes t;vothe large mass gathered. F. Walter, President of tbe evening, made a brief speech, when Adolphe Nolle of Rochester spoke for two hours in a masterly manner. It was an eloquent and effective speech.King-despoiler of feminine virtue, aud planted'his ward within the charmed circle of tbe Holy Altar; where he failed to wield the huge sword, and held up the pea as the mighty weapon of civilization; where he gets possession of the treasonable packet, saves his beloved France, and his the h*ad of his conspirator; but noaewsTegkrding Gen.,Hqustoris pretended withdrawal and poll a large preponderange of their vote for Car- from tt e Presidentia1 canvass. The following resolu ton. We ebtth-tiave a desperate straggle, but do not—A correspondent of T H E TRIBUNElows from Warwick, Orange Co., ST. Y.: • •/as fol-rest with your own eye*- io the character—-see him tor- rering through the « usy, hurrying events of this dra-tions were nnsniuxvuslyadoptsd:Remolttd, Tbat we niakp immedi it» arrangement* for the circu-lation oi'th« Ho.i«ton Klfctormi Tlci et throughout the Sc~t-. ke*oixK<i That it, in ih« pt.-«^i»t f<tctioiml' ctiditiou of parHen,rx>.«<iiei>tfortrievoter*of Uie Stat«r, wb>arefavorublo to -lh« election of f^rn. Houvton, to *\p ii/y lik«wl«« tbcLr pref^reoce fa l*pud toS'ate and 1 cai offic*r»on Wednesday evening, Ang. 29. Addresses were de-livered by Isaac R. Cornell and Daniel Talmage to anaudience of about 200, of which nine-tenths» came upfrom Bound Brook. W e bave it from good authority, Weft—the following account, from TJtc.Quincy (111.) that there are otly four persons in the whole of .Mont-joined by the Wide-Awakes from the West Side, num- threaten, and at last vindicate thi power and states-beiir-g about seventy-five, and thence escorting Mr manship of the Cardinal, to realize the actor's vast genius and nice peicepiion of the lines aud slnKlows ofFarnsw* ith, tdtbe North Mariat Hall, where the North his port." ; SdeWide-Awakes,toibenumberofseventy-five,form-streeis, on Commencement day at 4£ o'clock, or imme- diately after the Commencement dinner.—A case of tuppored murder has been the cause of much excltment recently in.Utica. Lucinde McGuinissiUtviotd Tlia> WK t«k<- in. imirpi to call *n immediate StateMating of tbe: FeopI« oppoord to a« ^centralization, and favoraolotoliobt'os, for the ptrrpo#« of not Boating or indorsing candid-ate* for State offic > and tbat we lik ewke recommend tbe calling rem-mbered. As by. annonncement, the Repu'dicantj *f Co«(trv«. ioi)«l and A«*embl; n>ininatiiig ineedxiga ef tbu raliied in a union met ting from Pike and Adame Conu-ing in front, escorted the whole to the place of meeting."Arrived on the'ground, the'speakers were conductedto a stand erected for their^uee in the center, and Mr. graduates of Brown University who may choose to Farnsworth was introduced to -the assemblage. Hewasj'greet^d with a-round-of cheers, and proceeded to , call, at his reddence, corner of Angell and GovernorJ^e*ple, • ppOMid to official corruptioi i." Aojourueu to Monday, Sepceoiber 3.^Tbesome one proposed three cheers for Bell and Everett, of nnmbere and one of the most remarkable on "ac but not a voice was raised in response. The same manmake rather a abort but "effective speech, frequently in-terrupted by lorg con inued applause. At a few min-utes before 10, the mounted Lincoln Rangers, number-ing eome 40 members, preceded by a band, and pre-senting, a very showy appearance,' arrived upon tbe7urn %•mt:in plain c!o» t drewtbe y, five abilhiif - the fnqoijMT < go abroad in lOve with b;a was notU> EftgUn* in I Many.ott.er i4cano;/."*** real' char art8tation-b< nt* -j—Jjaana ReV. I>r. O*, authors btvt:worksi: ;:«< Many ;.snot pay io- t tJiatare wn All our pt»i 1 broogbt io 1 thateo much•^A-J^U't—The Lodi Wide-Awake Brigade has recently been *' 1 withdiaw^y naaielroai the list of candidates ,stai ttd for the place of rendez us- Tne whole vil- formed in Bergen1 County, N. J , and now'numbersm w* ww; W.T.a-"•^l*FtfLITlCAL EJT ILLIGMCE. tous therre, " the Union is in a condition of extreme Mr. Lincoln resigned the office and removed'to Spring- Wnen the ppeaker made his telling thrusts en the *4 peril, which must excite in every patriotic breast field, whtre he now Jives. In"the mean time Mr. Ken- Dcutjlas Democracy. Everytbiog connected with tnes*bii»Vj be,merea8e& over 85 000^ This would give50,000 votes ag»Snst the Republicans, or a majority of15,000. But we do not believe the Democratic vote ofthis county will jeach 50,000, while there is every probability tbat Lincoln's vote will be higher than ourestimate. Indeed, the Republicans in some of the family: strongest Dtmpcraric Wards are sanguine of running*Jh« Albany Regency have com* > and gone, and noihing "berment. Now gentlemen, what can, what ought worth the trouble of saving, and in the Pall of 1834 or making one of the finest diaplays ever 'witnessed " to^be done in this grave crisis ? Nothhg less, in my '35, drew on Mr. Lincoln in favor of a mail carrier forDAILY3, i860.i. ..M-V'IVOVas our readers arc already aware, was against the claimants. -•—The following advertisement appears in The ARn~ netotian. We trust it may lead to the recovery of the lost boy, aud to the restoration of peace to a bereavedtheir opponents very close—in fa"t there are manyshrewd Republican politicians who have strong hopes TheDt.au-wasthei*,a»dsowagPeter. Lad- "judgment,thantbeutionandcombinationofallthe theamountstandingagainsthimonthabooksofthe- inthatsectionofcountry. Hundredsofperson*wbo ofbeingablstocarrythecityonthePresidential" BOY" tOST.u Left.Washington. D. C, »otn« time in Joly, to rohon«toVt*motherinNW-York. Beh««notyotreachedhi* tootPhila<)elphia, l W Y o j k city, Hart'ord. Ct, aod at a ck'n-baku to Bhtjde Wand. He baa been heard from at Boston, Portland, Augu.t^. and Bangor, Maine. From notne exprewtow he hw d.opp*d. it U fewd Omt he haa rn-co^e !„»«« £JSn a anbject h« iftt P<>P;jl*j; Sorrteigaty ' He ia about five \*« notlrioV "n bifht. and about the «'me In d}«m*t*r tbe other way.name °l HEL*. 2!**k Ta,k* *Vrrit f"»]r *** ^V toad; nlwArti not on band, nor Caeei dy, Comstock, attdot^er bigb priests of the order. Ban the lesser lights, who «r» admitted t» the journey-wo >k, were present, such •« Belmont, Saunders, McHaet ere, who is hereafter to %• kept oat of sesrets for his r<cent indiscretions. Sim J*w*a, Bill Rjbdes, Frank 8? toom, and a young man w»h very shaky legs bat rich father (Ah J thes* are*' trolj patriotic into one compact organization, can euo-" Department The mail carrier inquired of me for Mr. •wexe not present during the da? crowded into the. vil- lage to witness tbe unique performances of the^ Wide-"Yorkl and you aurely are not less patriotic and self-^ and on meeting him offered to aid him 'f necessary. Take it altogether, it wa« a a glorious day for Truro"sacrifadng tban we., Abandon, then, your principles, " Americans Conservatives, Whigs, for this oace, and "votefor^Sttpben A. Douglas!'*An ' abandenment of p' incbW' indeed! Didevertee*: \ , ''•It will be a chairmingepectacle to witness the con-/ '. 'by its author, Mr. Van Buren, and so beautifully illus-4csee, were called together to some solemn figuring. ished principles! What turpitude baser or more re- trated by Mr. Lincoln, long before its adoption. is violent,.passionate, and without aelf-control.. He isThe Dean called the crowd around him and exhib- volting 7 And James Brooks, whilom a Whig, daring Daring- all this period, money was being loaned for perfectly lost when ha fine's a man of equable ternoerCovring, 'executors, administrators, and assignees,'of the bankrupt Breckinridge. We presume that Libby^ Benry, and Cowing bave the Kentucky conspirators in" their especial custody, but if» any trade is to be made between the high contracting parties, would it not. be"_ •' .-' —Tne Washington States and Union attacks Sea- treat each other to had rum. r. !he second day au early a caricature for Cruikshank! Old Whigs votiogfor have prrtCical illustration of the beautiful workiags of a'torGreen of Mobile, with much bitterness. Among jseetbg was ..had, -when tberfrhole house, of about a the lifetime reviler of Henry Glay aud of all his cher- tbe sub-treasury system, when carried outas intended- other ihings it says tbat " as a Speaker.Senator Greeniby tib afflicttd motber.lunatic's brain concoct an insaner idea or a more ludi-:For torH^r ^ X S l fuitber parti^nbu. addre.a" ACOCilT ^KI.KO!*T. New-Yo^ <( ACOC.T BKLXOST. N ew -Y ork,•they allow (1 tlcy would gas willing u> without a i-..a room of a 1« x of rejected. !ir Were but a. f vainly offered asked firequ articles, ano holdi g out -«e oftheprot>eiif I.toierly 4 have tried fej) be<-n «ent •>.: ceeded. ,G«tigood, but u alive and to an easier and think th*J. tb> rememl>er th eatisfMciion,pnblitihers, ;i4 tion." •To Ike Edit -reSIR: B^-adi nal no-e tiou; Si " Wnuamaaid th" f«ct a» .*• ': <»utLor ot M--,-H atithor of ^h(« bj a>n bf giu • n:* W | * h 'Addfa dafajfaf thr ... aidetlt tm b.* «THE JOHN BJ AKSlA'dT I M > -Kf>Mt-5 By tue arr Port au Pruof the li«*T4.is are set ion- Riche\ g:vet" Jfetberw Proviaion*il ( mune of Grk lOrme: *"" Sir: Inci yen ailvit * tbearing tbr the fut*ci;pu of thete-iKiNiiSfribers who subscribed x dollars, fifty pisfi'rcti i;. f«TbeHavth •of our curr»:T, TbefolLw tributors, ^. scripuocs kr AdjmanMier.Commandant selof of Etic gendarmes. •">The oiiiicc: tian-'aiid Pa •v' by a cOn<orGovernment The follow the. Progr <i Xt-w intrc«5'ne . of M. de l^tii*'names 01 ih <4 their d*h»<: "volume <:>! *'thename«ki most bea; f* nius h:ii}. 'ToMr.E. ItXI StR: Anit has not t-ru Allow me <.o mentslike y< 1-. tance.. Act't has already ; \ Abandi.':;e«enrrtd in eel sequences w ant f> r.me t< distant'poop] rove.. . My obstjin!:cellent a.eunt; as.-Ht E ;fore I bid earth. '.'•'..' • I devoted 1 of my hfe.i t< of wnich yoiin its turn .a of my wtitiiYouia, witar4» Rue \ ;iS«; i •Geh. S.mt burned.;lb some accouaO n Wiediit of Uie eovrti <^eded fro;stretch Ofhis . We all :.rnhhj t •uid there w*rlacra'ion bdJ Gtn. A^io of Mexico, a and ptucha* of the hajidsituated •<-,-• the most .ui Si. Thomi<^. rumored to1ited an estimate which be called " Orvl-y "a estimate," to suggest it. in " Old Kennebec!" Shades of Boutelle, three aid five per cent per month;aniMr. Lincoln was often, from inability to collect what was due bun,sad which he bad cut from T H : TRIBUNE, and,~which Emmons, Severance, confront and rebuke the impious sorely pressed for five dollars to pay a board bill. Be-Brady. We axe inclined to think that this conference a very l^rge one, bavir*g representatives in every Stata•wasstill WOTse, gave the St. ite to Lincoln. "Now, author of such an infamous proposal! **boys,"remarkedtheDeao,11wemustbeatthisorgive*mp the fhip. Look here, Sba *>r, you from The Daily „FROM PENNSYL V ANIA. **Snooxs yon take down tbe 11; rures; and, Bill Rohdes, Correapondence of The N. T. Tribnne.**•sides, it was then the policy "of the Government to al- lowthebankstousrthepeople'smoneyforspeculative purposes, and it wasnotvthoug .t wror-g or disreputable for a goverr-ment officer to use the money in his posseth sion, provide d he had a reasonable prospect for raieing•itwhen it.was wanted for disbursement. But Mr. L ncoln believed it was wroog to ose wbat did not her long to bim, and his stern, unbending integrity, ena-city. It maj be a part of the bargain made with Wood name emigrated to this country in 1630, and of two; —Three thousand Republicans met together on some time since, and partially consummated at theJ, Msm m ME vm'tm TRIBUNE,•••',• .*— •"' f,.. •-., r, ....question." . .<• , , '* . .' —The'Leader thuji diacusses tie Fusion Committee "served? We have done it tu the S'.ate*of New^ for a poor man like Mr. Lincoln to. ralee oa demand, the welkin ring,'., as they marched through -he streets. appointed the other j8ay by the Douglaa State Comm.t-" cesefully re*i*t and overthrow »his sectional party. Lincom, at the same time showing me the draft on him Awakes, at d cheer after cheer ' 'renttbe air and "Can it not be done, and our glorious Union be prtn for near $200. I felt'that this would be a large sumHe thanked me, and paid he did not need assistance; sprtading and the ballot box next October will tell awent vo his room, and returned in a few minutes witfi t*le whi<-h will cause th«* knees of Douglas Democracy a package in bis hand containing money, and on count- to en>i>e together like Belehazzar's of old. As ourference»at the Meiropoii'au Hotel between Messrs.Kennedy, W<od, and Laflio, 'parties of tbe first part,' about bl»»*)f H»«^n idea that be i» a candidate for the Presi-i n g it out, it was fonod to be the exact amount calledvenerable cotemporary remarks—' push on the column: dency. Hud on, wbenheleft, dr-b'ianU, a white vwrt, and and tbe conciliatory;and patriotic Lib y. Henry, and blue coat with bra..button.: th« Uili. r4yne«r>he jroond.—On Friday night, at Middletow.n, N. Y., the Re-animated. Hitherto, CoL Curtin has been ,on the. bled him to resist, not only the temptatiou of " pinch- puvlicar s had another of their rousiog meetings, to. their silly deliberations."alone; while Mr. Foster has been silent as thestomp Appointments for' Curtin have been definitelygravemade and announced,;extendiog to the 27th of Septem-ber; but to-day the programme is changed, and Poster has been " smoked out." As it became apparent that he must show bis hand, be has resolved to do it boldly,ing poverty," but the ail poweful inflaence of public sentiment.hear Judge Culverspeak. The enthusiasm thereaboutCol. Curtin. Messrs. McClure and Welsh, the two to know what is to happen. The following paragraph Chairmen, will meet in Philadelphia on Monday even-present; and Mr. Hoxie addressed it at leagth, re- States."ceiving the thanks of the assemblage for his efforts. —The Chicago Press and Tribune of the 31at ult.—A flourishing Wide-Awake Club has been formed says: • ... *- '•• ; in Leavenwoith, Kaneas. ' 1 " Last night watuj. great occasion for our North-SideThey lave in that village a large Wide-Awake Club, made by Hon. Caesius M. Clay, Hon.-J F. Faras- and the mee ing was arranged under its aa>pices. wonb, S M. Wilson, J. D Ward, and o hers. Mr. Large delegations cfcm*> into the village, iu proceseion, Clay did not arrive in the city until late,'and in conee-Forrest's, rendering of Hamlet has ever been made than tbat afforded in the following passage of ThePatriot.- . '*.'.'•." If we had the time and the room, we would expa-tiate'with delight upon his admirable rendering of the passages, where be told the young m m there is no> such word as FAIL, in the lexicon of bright youth; where he summoned tbe 'courtiers around the King, to make ROOM; where he spake of JUSTICE being the corner stone of bis administration of. public affairs, and to such un extent, tl at tbe c^amy-ler-s leper cOuld ob- tain it without aj crawling abasement; wbere hoing next to arrange d-itails.It is moet inconvenient for Col. Curtin to accep1; thischallenge now, as be-h-s alreaoy been in fcalf the coun- ties ff tne State, and had bis arrangements1 perfectedcontains the programme: " Soon we shall hear hisbngle blasts—and tnen the rally—then the shout—andthen the charge 1 Upon the banner of Mr. Stephenswill 'be inscribed non-intervention—^Douglas and te visit the other half; but he wJl meet Mr. Foster onj Johnson. And around this standard sixty ^thousand—The German Republicans of Niagara had a large Republican friends. Preparations had been made for a grahd rai'y on the Foity Acre Lot. a vacant tract of and enthusiastic meeting at Lockport on the 29th ult. land on the North'Side, at which aodresses were to bealmost any kind of term3, and forego bis appointmeuts already made, to get Fos'er face to face before t&e peo-1 pie. Wben they will spe&k, and how often, is not ye1;is the belief of biioself and friends tnat -the Boll men have been " arrnn^ed" to vote fo» Footer. Toe seve- ml leaders will do so; but the rank aod file will revolt,speeches in the Ssate it is safe for Douglas by eix or eight thousand majority."j—The Trenton State Gazette eays: " A B d l l a n d fear ftr PeLnsylvania, she will elect Curtin by 20,000 Everett meeting was held at Harlington, Somerset Co.,band of muric, prevented bis being heard. At about 8 o'clock the St uth-Side Wide-Awakes, numbering aboutm-jority.SCKIBE.clarion counsels, the masses of all parties have beenwailing with much patifcnee." It will be interestingdrop of bibdd courses through my veins, to long will I character, unless he can show be could bave been what was a very large one—some 5,000 or 6,000 persons deft nd the Constitution and by laws of these United tbe original was." Perhaps no truer estimate of Mr,Georgians will rally, and with one note from thewtird's bugle the motly hosts of faction, disruption,disorganization, deception, defection, aud corruptionwill be dashed into atoms and scattered like caatf tothe wind." Tie startling result of all'this trumpetingand bugling and dashing into atoms is set forth thus:th-i part of the shattered and distracted Democracy, " If Mr. Stephens canvasses Georgia, as we learn he Counties. Tne spacious wigwam was insufficient forthem to be idle. 'This new feature in the contest will add 30,000 to the'qntn e d;d not reach the ground until about 9^ o'clock.3from neighboring towns. There we re ^delegaiijns As etrly, however, as seven, the crowd began to as- launched the thuod^rs of the Holy Church against theunanimously Republican, and emphatically souudiog ugainst the novel dyctiine of the divirity of the institu- tion of Slavery aud the policy of its extension. They haveaseflicient.aCampaignClubashonorisanycoun- .iry village in tbe Empire State. Their choice wae tha1; Setator Seward—who is a native of this town—shouldgomery Township who will vote for Bell and Everett, be »he restorer of iho hon r of the administration of the " Last Saturday will be a day in this campaign long, and it is hardly probable that they made any converts United Staii.s Government; but as the authorized rep- on Wednesday evening. At the clo*e of the meeting, reeeuemjvea of the whole party in the selection of our nominee cbose that another should be his predecessor in ibe work of redemption, and because of the sterling integriiy s>nd incorruptible honesty of tne standard- bearer of their choice, and as personal favoritism could not be admitted to interfere wi<b favoritism of prin- ciple, thev unhesitatingly give their hearty support andadvocacy to Abraham Lincoln." .—Tie State Mass Conventian of the Republicans ofA REPUBLICAN MEETING IN -ILLINOIS. Asagoodspecimen of JRepablican mee'ings intheWhig, will be .interesting: ",'..'/tiep, and bad one of the most glorions meetings in pointcount oft* e disturbance which was attempted by the . Donglas-leaders.' At the appointed time the delegationthen said, .'If you wont cheer.Bell and Everett, I now propose three cheers for Lincoln and Hamlin;', which were at once given with a hearty good will."' bis name fr. m the list of caudidiOee for the Presidency : them tbe Quincy Wide-Avrakes, me*, at Payson. It I '• AUSTIN, Aog. 18,18G0". was a grand s got to see this beginning ol the caval- M T> my/rxeudt in the Viiiftd Stater.. v / cade and procession, as they inarched in o-der and*KJ m MONDAY. SEPTEMBERIndiana, which took place at Indianapolis, on Wednes- it was some time before he was allowed to proceed withfor the Prtaddency. 1 coneeti ted to ice use becduse ot lage of Pxyson was alive and moving in the army of over seventy members, who feel wide avake in the day, appears to have been an immense affair. * There his remarks, through the whol* of which he .was often . —General James Shields has arrived fn San Fran-the cfell from the spontaneous voices of respectable the hot-t8 of freemen as they _> is«>d. There were flat cause in which they have enlisted. Hackeneack, theinterrupted by enthusiastic cheering. He spoke about' ciseo.numbers of the people iheraael-1 • f »,n.<t becanse I deaivc-.l -boats tilled with men in red sui.j with all ths para-tbeoffice. Butthetimeh«ianowarrivedwhenitbe- pheinaliaofthejollyboatmen .There werelong Wogons with yonng Hr/ies in whiuo, representing the hooves every pa'riot to bet for bi-nsoif", aud to do nil jo Slates. There were mounted cavHicad**0 ofVoaug gen-hie power to save his country from adangerous war of tlemen and ladies, representing the same. There were sectionalism, and a reckless spii-it of Disunion, North loi/g teams filled wicn men and women, bearing the va-and South. The responsibility now devolves upon the rious banners and mottoes of rare device—aud manycandidates thenvselves, whetaer cal?ed into the field by were tiere counted on horses "gaify capuri- -the ni»trammeled will- of the people, or by the so rerillCVinvexttioxis, which h-tve unfortujQa>ely destroyed all soDed, who fell into- the pro**ssion *and do-were probably not less than 50,000 persons in attend-, ance.Tbeprocessionwasveryl^ng;initweresomed>awn by 43 yoke of oxen, with several large saw was sung by Mr. Frank Lambard, the whole assem- ciments of gold-bea>ing Quartz. Rrcently he received•45S4&*entfactions wouldrenderjthe resultveryuucer- banneredteami*,andabandof mntvic,andseveralglee—Tlte Troy Times of 'the 25th says: " Yesterday- morning John Morrissey received information that" a . —OnTuesdaytherewasanimmensemeeting of-Re- Southerngentleman stoppingatone of the hotels atdidates to have me expr. '•*a cboice for one or the other• f tbem. " But I trust tb& " it-will be seen from this and flat-boat from'Burton ha<l eighteen men.in red shirtscountytown,hasalsoanumerousandefficientWide- Awake Club.-—We.understand that'there are several Democratic patriots in Brooklyn who express a willingness t,o re- lieve the Hon. James Hnmpkrey-from further service,twentv minutes. Speeches were also made by Alder-—InDecember,1858,J.JW.Tucker,aCalifornia jeweller, sent to tbe Emperor of Russia some fine spe-hanoony, and tbreacned the rtitbti.ty of the Uuioo it- filtd away to the music of the Qoincy baud.self. 1 c. t>n<>t hesirate in my belief, that it is the doty Bat it was evident even here that the spirit of des- cidzens are the Hon. Theophilus C. Callicot, member F. P. Staunton of Ohio, F. P. Blair of Missouri, Mr. from 5,000 to 6,000 people, and was altogether one <-fef the candidates to sacrifice iheir hopes upon the altar perate atd and rowdy DoutjLisism'was to be shown.of the Assembly, M. F. Odell, and Mayor Powell. . —The St.aatszcilung says it is certain that in New-tbe largest tbat has been held in t^e city during theUnderwood of Virginia, Henry S. Lane, and'P. Mor-. campaign. The meeting was. a very orderly one, and .as much se any ruby of three times tbe si:e.ef the* common country. It may be said that I yield least, as my chances of sucteesa -e n..t so app-ufcnt; bat with foor opponents of tbe nominee of the Kepubiican' Convention m the field, the defwit of all is equally cer- tain. In surh a SCTamble, the p!'?asnrr or mortifl^atioQ 4>f getting more pnpalax or fe we* electoral vo'e? would •ary be comparative and neither candidatewouldstaudin relwf be/ore the country, front tbe charge of naving . reckless y tampered with the lit erties of the best gov- »-^snimext in the world., **Let not those who rely upot carrying tbe election i n to the House of Bepreeeniati-vjes deceive themselves. T l e people have been taught to dread Buch a consucn-•oa *io». Neither four, three, no|r twv opponents to »he SUj ublican candidate can carry it thece; aud if they «o«i d, the Btrife which is beinglsngendered among tneThere WHS a pole raised in the center of tte square, onwhich an effigy, astride of a rail and maul in hand,was butg. 0 ir boys were for taking it dowo, anawould Lave done so, but for the advice of some of the the Piet-ddency as Lincoln. This news, will rather take liantly ilmminated, one of the largast Wide-Awake To the Editor of Th< N. Y. Tribune. *avenue, tbe opera-singers, and.Jbe aristocracy wouid be delighted to see him in the ^legislative councils of. the nation at Washington." '.' • [lin.which yon put into the ballot box.PERSONAL.•,clubs, making the welkin ring again with musii and shouts. Tbe grounds were finely chosen, «n an im- mense grove, and op«jn fields, with a good spriag near the eta>.d. The teams were counted as they cams into the camp, and eome 1,600 were distinctly noted.the spirits of Ja i t on, Clay and Webster be recalled to sus—over ibe river—and .was not to be put down in wished to visit the. Emir Beah'iir, the Prince of the young girl, of phasing face acd agreeable manners, take parts in the active transactions of the political his own county., Pajs^n had thixty-tbree young la-. be states that he is committed to the cupport of Bell is as follows: V / ; Druses, who wa* about seven hoirs' ride beyond, m only sixteen years of age, Was, with two companions, arvna, tbe Uaion " "would be preserved. Laboring, d es representing the States—acavalqade finely dressed, and Everett; but in future he will identify himself " Secretary of Stated John J. Crittenden; Secretary the midst of the Ridges of Lebanon, Gen. Cass excused arrested for robbery, in one of the wcrst parts of. tha throngh life to per^ H»aate its wory, they knew its and over one hundred gentlemen £nd ladies came in with whatever organization he may regard as moat of the Treasury, JohnM. Morehead; Secretary of War, himself to her lady tnip for not waitiog, promising tovalue, and appreciate*. ' «ts blessioia, from Newtown. There was one con p»ny of mounted Sam. Houston: Secretary of the Navy. W. L. Gogvia; make his visit to tt.e Emir that eveniacr, and to return, town. She asked that a good lawyer might be en- •• I am aware that '** would 1>eas pleasing to my Wide-Awakeo from Pittsfield, another from Barry, conservative in its character, most. 1>yal to the Con- Secretary of the Interior, Washington Hunt; Post- so as toj)resent himself there «gain by noon of the next gaged to defend her, aayiug that she had sufficientThere must be an abandonment of specious dog- mas, .-clap-trap platforms, and et tioueeriDg caat, and Jtee«iO> natration upon a comrao principle, for a com- men pt vpose, or else tbe "factio which, united, would constjtu ( e a maj(>ntT, must inaki up their mind-t to the •levatiox "» of a sectional Preside t, whose claim to suc- eess is ba sed upon opposition to the itBtitution whose axis'enoe «bouJd never have been brought into the na- tional poL tica. A time y union of ail the National Ui ion men to defeat this eecti )oalism would put an end todie;o rd and* a clamorous tendency toward dis-tanion. • • |'•* I call np\ "^n my countrymen to forget me and to for-get the chum *5u»d indorsements of all mere men, aswell as.tbe b<tx !**> ol the mere offlceseekers who expectto. profit by t *ie-tleration of (ne mnn or anotner.Tbev ahonid rv ^member, the fartsw-U tddrees of the the President, that the Douglas rowdies were not go-Father itt t-is Co. nntry; the immortal sentiment of the ing to let him speak—but speak he did for an hour, and that Kenneth Rayner of North Carolina had announcedHero of New-0 "leans, and Sagte of the Hermitage: to the great discomfiture of the -Sham Democracy. his intention to support the .Democratic party. That —The Atlanta (Ga,) National American has formed ception, /and an invitation to -dine at three o'clock in —The Boston papers narrate a strange incident. A *TheFederalV."l">">*^must*epreserved.' Could BrownioghadjustbeenfightingwithbeastsanEphe- gentlemanhasnowwrit'-enalengthyletter,in-which aCabinetforMr.Bell,whoaecauseitadvocates. It thealierhoon,whenehewouldreceivehim.Asho.AiW the order.of exercises was announced from the speakers' stands, the crowds dispersed to their wagons to dinner. The speakers, were announced for two btands, and were Jonas, Brownirg, Qrimshaw, Wil- liams, Aebury. Rutherford, and Gilmer of Pike. After mueic by the Quiucy Babd. and binding by tbe Barry Glee Club, Mr. Jonas took vhe stand and. speke elo- qo*-ntly for anhour.- But it became necessary for the Wide-Awakes io clear out a lot of rowdiea, Likes, Woolem«, and otheis, who crowded in the rear of the stand, which was done most effectually. When Brown- ing was introduced, word was given bim privately, byexpressed much gratificati n at their reception. They formed part of a Woman's Righte association, and werapublicans at Napoleon, Henry County, Ohio. By Saratoga was desirous of betiiog $2,000 that Abiahamspirit-of our free institutionc. —Th-e Chicago Press and Tribune, in its issue of a tinued on hia journey without then seeing her. The same uninviting country met his view, until he crossed my previous letters that a ^7 seatin tents rise above mere a chkken c t>p on deck, and the rudder oa*. —A/correspondent of The Missouri Democrat, recent date, says: - 8or»e steep,, rocky ridges, and struck a pretty stream, personal prefer*nee. f ^A flat-boat from Beverly, "Old. Abe Pilot," made writing'from Canton,'niinoie, under date of Aug. 21, " The readers of The Press and Tribune, who which discha geo itself in:o the Mediterranean,"be- '•* I desire to see a union of aJl national-minded men a good show. From Pigeon Creek there was says: . ••'•'••', • freely and warmly expressed their 'sympathy for us. tween Sidon and Beyront .It was the one in which to deft at dangerous sections. '8Xn> 'Ia<* 1 teave'my friends a band and glee - club in an omnibus. Anoth- wheu, a ye.ar ago last November, we were obliged to the Emperor Barbaroasa was drowned while engaged7 1•lock in the way of those who de* >e barmor>y.Very reapectfaUy, SAM HOLSTC NMR. JAMES BROOKS -1$ MAIN-E.another of the company tiat tney vjere to be whipped, but the immense crowd far axu-passed all anticipations.It is estimated tbat as many as ten thousand persons —A correspondent of The Chicago journal) writing galscewas by far the most magnificent building inwould be met by the corn-field, would be met at Pay- were present; All of, South Fulton was ou»; en mast*.. from Union Cojinty, under date of Aug 27, says: - yria, and more than four times the size of the Pr tri- son, &c. Ore of the rowdiee struck one of the small- beside large delegations from Mason, Schuyler, anC • " We are continuing ''up the Nile, ' as you see and dent's House. Gen; Cass uuderotood that the Emirest of the Widft.Awakes and took"tothe field, hut was McDonougb. Not only was the siz*', but ths charai- on the 29tb will reach Cairo. We find all classes of kept a thousand servants; and during,this day'B jour-pursued and well chastised by the company—not. how- ter of the meeting to be noticed. Every individual people as we go along. Tbe Breckinridge advocates neying he saw, for the first time, those horns alluded toapoetacy from their old faith, and an samest desire thathe might contribute something to bring them out of the ir present alarming state of darknes tintoa knowledge of the troth, and, if possible, into hit own .marvelous Bght, he stated the object of his mifeion. I will give it so far as I am able, in his own glowing words, soWfcfoAwbkcs, whose fascinating torch-light exhibi kn^wu that the Republicans haye gained largely by The demand, we believe, has been once adjudicated by Ucution iu The Atlanta Cotijtdtracy, by Dr. L. C Beit, and avS^t_lvrwot fWkm * TiriT^y^Ti^ liu/1 c*i(rto pursue whattevetr course m *7 appear to them best at er had: "Free homestead, free soil for.tbe sons "Yesterday, at Ellisville, Senator Trumberli com ask an extension on a large amount of debt, will be in a crosade. He traveled up tbis stream to its source, the curiosity of the officer to whom she had made tha such a crisis. of toil." The meetiug was a comp'ete success, and pleted a series of four appointments in this county, glad to know that the last dollar of debt was paid off in and after dark reached the residence of the Emir, request. He instituted h,quiries about her, and leaned .**I cannot conclude withOt 't returning my sincere none the less, but all the more so, on account pf the commencing at Vermont On Thursday last. On each of loll, principal and interest, last week; and that bevood one of the most romantic spots be bad seen. Tne that the girl was an orphan, and that the Lawyer wh >m thanks to»hose who have in va "%w ways expressed a attempt to mob it and break it up^. After the rowdies th*8e occasions thousande of people cams out to hear the ordinary current accounts, paid monthly, of an Drnees—a singular people—occupied th^se mountains. she did not want io see was her guardian, havingdetiire to see me occupy the di. *N Jgsiahed position of bad been driven away -from the 'region of the stand, him. The processions were, in truth "armies witu ban- establishaient doing a business of $175,000 per annum, They bave preeervea a specits of independence, andPresident, bat to remain longer in the field, could be and a march had been kept up around the speak*: * by ners—armies confident in strength,and sanguine of vic- The Press and 'Tribune Company owes no man a were, governed by their own princee. lie was re-productive of no goo4 and it t ''fgnt be a stumbling. tbe Wide-A wakes, threats began te^be sent to one.and tory. At Verment a goodly collection was expected, dollar." ceive d »nd treated with true Arab hospitality. Thecharge of considerable property belonging to her in another city. S e ran away a few weeks ago, and came direct to Boston. She was taken before the Po- lice Court, convicted of the robbery, and sentenced to the House of Correction foi six months. S/ubeeque itly, upon learning something of her history, the Court re- vised ber sentence, and the case was conti med in order that plans may be adopted with a view of rescuing herprietor 01 -t 'and Other i fi-ax« for it d&ar ckp:"->f^Kver >m< ^employed I n en who w their bread Struct eu«>rn these const into' the HU eminence. ^inrfgnitiewnt na<ie of our The ex-ti gain be •* grouuddirA stupid cno'j Bjvdistely b the bi^bV*- . month of >ltietoni«><« i ., nt>\\ «>ui »*?•Untorti'U . vera- dah u ,and"receive it. 'i'ht? t«t accident *' of bis 'w«'U!of bim, w which the was cdbv't tlian it \\»i' &coodi uc! on it thew>me n"v'; ofthelibTHE UNION IN DANGER-—HI8 MOI>R OF SAVING IT. ever, until he had drawn a pistol and flourished it. W88 overflowing with enthusiasm. -No speaker and worshippers are very numer >us here. They have in the Scripture, which are wom by the women. They\ C«rre*pvBdec.>e ot Tbe & 7. Tribune. Seveml other c»*es occurred where the Wide-A wakes, ever'had. more attentive or appreciative listeners o-e.cently raised a pole, and held a spirited meeciog were, at least, fifteen inches long, and rise over thej AUGUSTA, Mejy Aa %£>30 1860. having borne till, forbearance. ceased to be a virtue, than on this occasibn drank in the .expoeirion Douglas is far less popular than he was in 1858. Re- forehead, covered by a veil, and most nnouth-lookiogwere obliged to assert their righte and those c*f the of Republican truths furnishec by tlio distin- publicans have here asserted thoir rights, and aroused objects they were. He was. ba«k to Lady Stan- The good people of Augusta were duly ^ noified yes- meeting, and they did so with ',a yill. Returning guished Senator. The prepara'ions made by tke people the "natives" to the true interests of the coontrv. hone's by, the hour indicated the next day,terday. by.posters at the corners §1 our • I'Tve**, that through Payeon, one hundred' or more of the it > render unto him the consideration which ho justly In '.58 the Republicans numbered only about 80 and and was introduced into' her private apartnimt. He the "Hon. James Brooks of New-l ork " h *& arrived mob 'had assembled, with club in hand, to- deserves, shows '.hat the great heart of the masses baat to-iflay 300 true, cood " Old Abe" men can be relied found ner sitting, dressed like an Arab, clothed in aguard their effigy,, but opr boys gave thr$e in unison with his. There were banners without num- on tocast their votes for bim, and for Yates for Gov- ror-e, with a turban upon her head, and smoking a loogin town, and would ventilate his eloquence in the even- cheers for Lincoln, aud came through quietly. ber, inscribed with such mottos only as accord wnVh the ernor. Mr. Yates commenced addressing the crowd , pipe. She W»B tall and square, with a wan and sickly the other day. Sho has been studying under Mona,iog,upon''thepolitical,questionsoftheday." Accord- Butas.theytorepassingacornfieldthissideofPay- sentimentsof^lehonestand.free;menengagedindif- to-dayabout2oclock,andgaveoneofhis"mostforci- complexion,and,apparently,about*65yearsofage. BeauvalletoftbeFrenchComedy,andisjsaidtopoa-, ingJy, a " mass meeting, of some se" footy-five p. arsons, son, our flUg .was shot from the field several shot going fereat industrial pursuits, borne along in huge wagoa3; ble speeches, which was listened to with good atten- uhcre was a settled melancholy, which added to theperhaps, met at tbe*designated time ind place, c\ 'rioas through it, and seveial hi'ting the Wide- Awakes—one kadifij with their own natural charms enhanced by <he tion. Judge Puller then followed in au able and pleas- interest of her appearance, and ?he recoileotion of what sess^reat talents as a tragic actress. " Mine, Ristori hasof whim had two shots.lodged in his arm—waich wer suggestions of good taste carried into practice; 4tbe ing address, speaking about half an hour, touching she bad been, contrasted with what she was, 'produced to leam what could have induced this notorious, D ?ug removed on arriving at Qatncy. A email company o honest masses of the people in-various kinds of vehiolec upon all the important differences, of opinion, and a powerful impressi'.n upon her visitor. Eugage'd, inlaWohnson, Bell-Everett;. Know'STothingeditor of BickoryboysfromBarry,wasontheground,audto and'onhorseback,thewholemultitudeformingapro- pointingout.tothepeopletbegreatimportanceofthe earlyJifs,toSirJohnMoore,helookedforthosetraitsTbetf.Y. Express to travel way down here, hn o- * their credit be it said that they entirely disapproved of ceeoion m/les in length. The same thing occurred at Republican doctrine, which nvetted the attention-of which might be supposed to have attracted this great thinks of appearing on vhe stage in Paris next Wiuter.he difgraeeful proceedings, and sent word to the Wide- Lewiatov/n on Friday. The meeting at Canton, on the who£e crowd during his remarks. Mr. Liucgar captain. But the remains were not to be found."drtds of miles, at this sultry season of tbe year. Ba ** Awak»-s that should they need any assistance to put aturday. was larger and more imposing than either of Jhen spoke a short time, and the meeting broke up w e were sot kept long in suspens 5, for, after a brief down the rowc iee they could depend upon them. ToojBtercounewiththe Whigsof 'Ok. Kennebec,"and \WideAwakesandtbeRepublicansontheground,who equal to either tbat atVermont or Lewietown. I —TheN.r.Dispatch makesthefallowingestimate toprosecuteaclaim,-onthepartofftfr.Perkins,against tbe deep regret wi'Ji which he hi id heard of their on ly stood on tbe defeme, and if they are to blame at wouldnot omit to mention that on each occasion there of the votes in this city at the appro*cniug election: the Russian Government of from $300,000 to M00,000.—The promised duel, which was to take place at Sa- vannah, Ga., between Col Jackson and Dr. Belt, has come to naught, evaporating iu the fallowing " card to thepublic:", ' . '.By the interpoaitiou of a mutual personal friend, the and««r« Itfufd ht-re cotuo to certain explanations regarding a recent pub- )•• *mnch c. edit cannot be given to the. moderation of the •he o«iaers. On Monday, at Ellisville, the Republicans with the best jntexscbange of feekfcgs." ' . exordium, in which he alluded to hi: former plea-ant acquitted themselves nobly. Their demonstration was. —Among the passengers by the Persia for Liverpoolis. a Mr. Stuart, who is on his way to 8t Petersburg.. ... ,j (. . .has been hi attendance as many as five "or six hundred "In the strongest ©emocr'itic Wards it is wellwhich pity know well, and knowiag, dare maintata''AN INCIDENT.From Tlu Ortymian.During the presidency of Gen. Jackson; and whilett. Jacknou, the nwult of which ia tbat Dr. Belt withdraw* er- laolthat the readers of THE TRIEUMC ca t have no excuse Mr. Barry of K«.a£i<ky was Postmaster-General, Mr. flocking in from every quarter, and by the time the York:for their folly and perverseness in per nitting the Union to go under, whan they can, by obejing this voice of one crjvog in the wilderness, avert 1 awful catastro-BpefikJDjg commenced, the streets, roado and alley's were crowdeo wi'h bard-fisted yeomanry of the, country, allph». ''Gentlemen," said J. B. ( t of fu» White was permitted, to remain in hi" bands, uncalled for by%#mteUntitled DocumentLincoln held the GV1«» of PcStmHsterio. the 1Mb townof New-8alem," in h'angamon Co., 111. The Govern-vuiut s portion of the r<;C-ipte of the oifiee for the two eagt r to hear what the old champion of Freedom and year* he held it amounted iv' $150 or #$0, all of whichFremont vot« in 1856. 17,77j Fillnior'e uwa who will vot» for Lincoln...........10,000 PenionraU who have joiu^d thn RwDiibUoiiimi..... 7,000 New Republican votem—natural i(ior«.au« ./... 2.(»00tiona have been,the theme of universal admiration 0efations firom the Dei locratic ranks, and we beliave—An unprecedentedly large, and enthusiastic Re- tbat at least nine out >f every ten of the voters who supported Fil'more jn 1856 are now for Lincoln.umpires, aud tbe award accepted by the claimant.—The name of the Republican nominee for GovernorJepl- thereto tu tbw Savant ah p«per« of tho 22d Inst, by Col. a.lace, seventy-six in number bearing taeu*. torcnts.township. Tbe .Republicans are alive—the fire is—•keeptheballrolling.'"man Ward, Mr. A. U. Hessing, S. M. Wilson and Col. 8,000 Wide-Awakes, 15 bands of music, and a wagon Crane, after which a song, tne ' Red, White and B'ue,.'ioge, with men spliitiog rails and dietributiug them blage joining in the chorus At about 12 o'clock the meeting broke up, and the Wide-Awakes, preceded byalong the way. The speaking took place at Military tbe Lincoln Rangers, proceeded to their several head-fiom the Emperor as a token of thanks, a magnificent and massive gold ring enriched with an oblong " amethyst, sur-roundeld by ten diamonds weighing a carat tacb. The gold of the ring is from the Ural ii ountains. The amethyst i • obi mg, and of the purest color. It has been prouounced, by au expert, worthas a representative in Congress from the! Id District Park, near the city. There was speaking from: four quarters, presenting, as they paseed-down Clark street,of this State. Prominent among these self-eacri.icing a truly fine appearance. The assemblage nUmberea different stands, by the Hon. Tom. Corwin, the Hon.Payson citizens who said it had already made t venty- Gerrit by surprise. • torch-light precessions ever witnessed paraded- the SIR: I am an irishman, and intended voting^for his journal for the past year the following account offive votes for Lincoln. When ithis proceseion had reached SnaKerag Corners, they were joined by an- other process on, which reached further than tbe eye could trace, which came in with dancing baoners and niirit-jtirring music from Old Pike, from the t -wns of Barry. Phiadelphia, -Griggsville, Liberty, Meudon. and oiber towns. Before these coald fall in, the head of the pro jettuon had reached another procession that came from tbe towns of Kinderhook, Barry, Richfield, and otheis of Pike County, who were waiting for a caance to fall in. They stood with a mile or so ofDouglaa uctii the bargain and tale at 8yracuae wl'.h *.h.- Know-—The New-Yoik correspondent of The Charleston streets in uniform, and speeches were made by several >ot)j'iij>.8 1 would like to know if I enn vote for th« Do ??!«•« an attempted robbery: " A bold, atldetic womanCourier has the interesting intelligence that the Hon. gen1 lcmen. The enthusiasm, which was at the highest Elfctorel tick* t, mina» the t«»n Knov»-N«/t^ing«. If I c*n't do mo, came into a room where I was a?suiting a poor family, I will ff.i JRfpublican. Youra respec fully.H. F. Clark will be succeeded in the representation of•* pitch alljday, was kept up till a late hour in the night. 1Neto-york, <dvg.Zl;im. JAMES O'KEEKFE. demanded help, and used «*ll her muscular str-.ng h to There is nothing to prevent you from striking off as detain me—thrust her hand into my pocket, which^tbe VHIth Congressional Diutric ; cf this State by Mr. The reports that come to us from 'Indiana are, "that xhe, J. Augustus Page (pronounced«Pa-jay)\. (i All Fifth Hooriers may be safely relied on for Lincoln and Ham- many names as you choose from the list of Electors happily, was tmpty. T wo women saw this, but wereJ afraid to interfere'for my rescue.' At length I succeed- ed in freeing myeelf from her grasp. Praised be God, who gave me strength adequate to the occasion."—Among the emigrants overland who recently passed through Sak Lake City were fifteen unmarried boat, and in private carrisges, and ox-carts the crowds Lincoln would not be the next President. Morrissey, of General C&es,'.published in 1856, may not be unin ladies dressed in Bloomer costume Tney called upon flocked in—men, women, and youths of both sexes. it is well known, is a Democrat; but he is also a man teresting, at the' present moment, when lamentable Brigham Young, vieited his gardens and grounds, andSpeeches were made from two stands, and sangs were of business, and makes politi* s subservient to his busi- events in Syria are occupying the attention of Christen-dom:sung by the various glee clubs belongir g to the towns ness interests. Entertaining the opinion that $2,000which sent delegations. In the evening, the town was could not be.made in any easier way, Morrissey sent leaving iSidoiij to transmit, by a mease.igt-r, hisj card going to Oregon.alive with torches and bonfires.and illumi: ations, and word to the gentleman that he desired an interview;an enthusiasm was aroused greater than anything ever and accordingly, yesterday, at 10 a. m., the two met, her ladyBbip (Lady 'Hector Stanhope.) He had under- position for a week or two, Mrs. Booth officiated forbefore known in that section of the country.—The Republicans of Menard County, HI., held a>and af ,er drawing up the tonus of the bet, the money stood when in Damascus, from tbe French Consul,was staked'and placed in the hands of Mr. Marvin, the who had been for some y*»ars her physician, that she him in^Betheeda chapel, Newcastle, England. The.was not always accessible, and wad advised to give lady preached upon ibe text, " 8trive to enter in at the .grand mass meeting at Tallula, on 4he 23d ult. Several .proprietor of the Marvin House, who deposited it in hei»previbu8 notice of the visit. 'When lw reached herthousand were present, and enthusiasm prevailed.'—A report has been circulating for some time' past ers Lincoln certain of an election."amoDg her peculiar habits was one, it seems, congregated to bear sat, with evident interest, " listen- wbieh converted day into tignt. She had, how- ing to her chaste and fervid eloquence for upward of ever, it appeared, given orders for his hospitable re- an hour. The service was a very effective one."friends of different prel 'rences as » the remaining can- and our own bov s "in wagons, with their band. A stitution, and as most fnVy representing the,genius aud master^General, J. Scott Harrison.'' day. To this arrangement elie ass*uitt<d, and he con-money for a large fee. The names" of several legal gentlemen were mentiontd. and among others that of an tminen| criminal Lawyer; who rerides in another C'uxty, but has ah office in Bostou. She at once sa:.d •he did not want bim, as she knew him. This attracted,publican meeting was held last Tuesday at Reynolds- There is ho defection io the ranks of the Fremont men in Massachusetts is Andrew, and not Andrews, as it denunciation aKaln«t Dr. Belt iu bi* card ofj w g ^ j j j BKLT.burg, Ohio. Th&Ohfo State Journal says: of 1856. Now our ca eolation'would be something is printed in some of the newspapers. Mr. Andrew - "Savannah, Aug. 35, 18«0. WtAx K. JACKSON."During the-whole of the forenoon, they were like this, as to the Lincoln vote in th« City of New-Equal Rights had to. say. Mr. G&Jloway exceeded himself, ijchd held Jhe vast imdience in breathless"That Lincoln's vote will reach ut least 35,000 inwell to consult sonW heavier timber tban Henry, Cow- WsflingfoTd, Conn., on Thursday last. The family bj- ing, and Libby—say John A. Green,' Dickinson, orand cultivation' admlonhihing him, and not seldom business is one of Cigger or Church s'dodges to force of the Union, from many of which members were* breaks the" bounds of decencj." '•'* . ' . a union between Tammany and Mozart Hall in this present on tbis pleasant occasion. Tne first of the'Tuesdayevesi:gatMilvViiukeeandlistenedtostirring Svracu^eConvention. Theideawasagooi onefor bjotherswhoremainedhere—onereturningtoEn-Cagger, but it ' won;t wash;' and if toe.State Central gland—one settled at Boxforcl, Mass., and the other atspeeches from Hon. John F . Potter and F . Fris >ee.' Tbe Wide-Awakes werj out in full fo.-cs,and bonfires Committee cannot fie d any better business to be eu- New-Haven, Conn. They are the ancestors probablyAwake Club in it. The enthusiasm among the Re- gratifying contrast with t*ie flippant, judgments uttered —The Southern Confederacy informs its . little —There was a great Republican meeting last Tues- pnblicans exceeds that of 1840 among the Whigs.' by certain Sir Oracles of the press. The thought has world of readers tbat " the great statesman and patriot day in a grove on the State line at Granville, N. Y., There are not less than 20,000 Wide-Awakes now in long wanted expression tbat this rendering is "des-•fthejDJneteenth century, Alexander H.Stephens of- ard Pawht. Vc. Hon. E. P. Walton of Montpslier, the State. tined to stand in the stream of the dramatic woi Ida Georgia, has consented to leav* a quiet and happy Vt, and Hon. Jam*s B. McEean of Saratoga, N. Y., —An intelligent Democrat, the other day addressing events, as in-ooe of the huge rocks in its channel, home, and once more buckle on his armor in defense of addfesaed 3,000 Vermoutera and New-Yorkers, and ameeting of bis patty at Bridgeport defined his position never to be disturbed." There is a world of insight ia the Constitution," and several other things. Af:er their wives,- daughters and sisters. The enthusiasm' in tbe following manner; " Fello w-citizens and brother the remark that " the representative of this noble chaj> saying that Mr. Stephens has a moral influence, the; was like that winch is burning over the " Western Democrats,T.tell you I stand firm, as I always stood, acttr conld bave grandly filled tbe original; and wa paper makes the following true remark: ." To hear bism:is dfcily increasing.•'..•"gag»d in than tbe proceedings of their last meeting'in this city, it would be-wel I for them to remaia«i Albany forever, and not annoy the Democracy of thus city withdelicate analysis The Patriot gives of the great tra* —There is not a county in Indiana but has a Wide- gedian's *" rendering of"/the part of Richelieu is ittwrites• "The political voice of tne entire population is almost fify, marched to the Tremont House, where they were matic scene, and hear him speak, cough, sigh, despond,—The following extract from a biographical sketch" H e (Gen. Cass) had taken tbe precaution, before'iand letter, stating-his dt-sire to have au inoervie w with The Rev. W. Booth having been laid aside by indis-the bank for safe keeping. Morrissey wishes it under- house, Gen. Cass found that she had not risen, for straight ga'e," &c, and the large audience which hadstood that, while he Bhall vote for Douglas, he consid-we beiieyo, is a native of Boston. r-T^ie Wiiebes of New-York have' been thoroughly —The Hon. Cave Johnson was namod as umpire by exposed in THK TBtiitTKE, but only in occasloual vaifij the Russian and the-Prussian Ministers who wore do we get the reo- rd of the doings of the weird frater- chosen by the-Government of the United Stales and by nity abroad. We learn froni-a recent English journal tbat of Paraguay to decide upon the claim of the that a man who lately set up as au astrologer in Glou- thjs county we have not the-, slightest doijbt, Wo do SUajftboR^Compan^ against, the latter. His decision, cester was waited on u abort time since by a polio* manWILLW A. GoaxAK, Minni^ota;*- —A'^gatr-ering of tbe Andrews family was held at—We learn from The Providence Journal that Dr. Waviand desires to see his own pupils, and any otherfrom a life of vice, ,. j—The Paris correspondent of The Boston Traveller say8 that Miss Binda, a daughter of our Consol at Leg-, horn, carried off a prize at the French Conservatoryas high an opiuion of her histi ionic abilitias as Mons* Beauvallet. She plajsin Italian and French, and«rv expre»xiot> imo c*>axg« personally otfrnalva to Col. Jaof«oniu'the p« blioatlon ref-tied tu. atnd Col J t w W i withdraw* toe*•-•;t '£SrfSfc-~ ::.•1 -•*"'*-" www.fultonhistory.com. ;_:" ' '-•' '_ _.':''__ i• •* •t -vThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 