 s*nofHernia,1»removed toAstor House,entrance inBarclay-it larged Veins, &e.toj'fjterScjMn ©riftism•>—,— . \.TUESDAY, APRIL 3,1860.Republican National Convention..CHICAGO, May 16. RepnbHcan State Convention STUACUSE, April10.Pro-Slavery poll enormously beyond t h e aotaal strength of the Sham Democracy, but without avail. HENRY A.BUCKINGHAM isover One Thou- sand ahead inthe votes we have received up to this hour; (midnight), embracing a t least three-fourths of the State; and we do not think the residue can reduce i t There ie, of course, a great Pro-Slavery gahvpartJy through naturalization, partly through fraud, in New-Haven, Hartford, Middletown and the adjacent stone-quarries, Derby, Bridgeport, &c, but the Republican strength is fully sustained in the arural districts, and wherever the population is in3igenous. Windham County nearly doubles her Republican majority of last year, and we hope that Litchfield, when fully heard from, will b e found to have done likewise.Acid, Strychnine, Pruseic Aoid, & c , a n dnot against Alcohol? Are the former deadly poisons ?So is AIcohoL So is Nicotine, the estential principleof Tobacco, as has been a thousand times demon- are able to adopt the opinions or sympathize withJU11 Oisdt IB?shimself.Our State Senate did one good job yesterday. By a vote of 14 to 6, it postponed indefinitely the scheme of making the People hold a Special Electionin ordtr to recast our higher Judiciary and vote, •ome $100,000 extra into thepockets ofcertainwhichtheybelong. Iftheyhavenoregardfortheir own future political prospects, let them at eral is to keep shady ; or, if their earthly interference in an honorable and manly conflict is summon up. Every feaet of the Passover, as well asF•fsen*J 4*:'•m?J^Zfc»reciprccity treaty, could abate bor love the least. As deadifwemaycredititsodor,anditisdeadifwe We odd,however, that as these remarks are newsarrivedtheotherdaythatthepoorladyhadgoneiI..LlTTH»R EAKBg. II..JUSTD«1T.Ranrmuj.O K W JT I V O IV..8AJITJKI.BOBTH.Wards.X..WILLIAM M. THOMAS.XI..FKAMOIHC.KIKBT. XII..ALKXANJ>BK Ross.XIII-.BBKJ. W . WILSOW. X1V:.GBOKOX B. MOGUATU.XV..CMAKLSM C. TALBOT. XIX..JAMBS D , HI-AHKHXX.not go home without company. W e would take the oath of citizenship in the United States, should still regard t h e profits o f t h e wine-growers a n d5cans of Connecticut.'Now for RHODE" ISLAND !TOILS Ar¥»*\•"•As it is a fashion with a portion of tbe press tojudges. The incorrigible six were Messrs. Goss, deny or ridicule statements that peacable citizensof may judge by its political successes, or rather by based on a merely ex parte account of the fight, we to the better world, and dying, bequethed to Mr. Hart•»W e com-••Thus we tied in agnsintss Notices.ASEHSATIONHAT!IMTOHTA*T AX» RlUABI.I AjrOOtHTOBlOWT! Wetaw*J«*»woe*»*<ithegntdfjhjfintelligencethat,onT J SATCIU>ATNSHCT,TH»TTH now..Win tateoAiee • * saUrely crigizua wmceprtioia of Ms, portrmyea tonoo-t *«t>wthre BAT for young men, which AM been very2t 1* exc«eclfosiy nest in its stj 1©, and i» destined to become a mArrnti fcvorite with *11 joonf gentlemen o: Uate and refine- xxMtti The " Sensation" Hst can be Men, "felt,»sad boujht on Setexday next atPERSONSWISHINGCLOTHINGwilldowelltocaUandexamineoneofthelatestSpringandSommerJV"*«£ *£ • moat Extensive, New, Tasty. "d^asW«naWe8tocU^RsunT^ MA»» ever offered, and willbe sold less than at any other estao-f 3 S % f i & £ & &tocked with fre.h Goodsfrom Europe, and is not surpwMd M to Style, Taste, or Cutting.»«ftM!SffSsa^*!s*a!t-^r «••'Andaimhergrayrockstower^aboveftmsea;'-^ Whichmurmmiatthoirfeet,abrokenwave."REVIEW.; I•;••'„.-. Everybody has read that diabolical little Germancopy oi verses m which Napoleon i«represented as mustering at midnight hisskeletonregimentsandmen of bricks without straw, they do him great credit. Resolution I . declares that now is the time for conseivative and patriotio men to do something; whichisexplainedtomean,nowisthetimetostop Agitaton,No. 212 BROADWAY.~ ~ SPECIAL NOTICE.•be returned.The Largest Store in the oity.F. B . BAtnwiw,No*. "TOand Ti Bowery.18*30.Booms it.RATXO^D, havingadded totheirCKXTXAL WARS-SOTTSX, No*. 121,123, and 1<5 FuUon-»t., a BRAXCH ESTABLISH* SCX.TT at No. 214 Broadway, next door to Barmun'a Museum, now askattentiontothemagnificentassortmentof£athionableSraixo Ctorsftyo with whichthey hareopenedthe seasoninboth. The combined awortment forms a stock of dashing, elefantly-ont, and moderately-priced Clothing, wbi«h all elasses of the public aboald, for their own takes, Inspect without delay." In the BOT»» CXOTHIJIO department, eTerjthing that foreign tMtehMdevised forthepresentseasoni«inoladod.Koosaa ic BATXOXD.FAIRBANKS STANDARD SCALES.KOB.1 THA» 0 » a B csrnxxD AX* FrrrrDirranaXT Sua* AX» arrtas.Adapted to every branch of bnsiness where a correct and dnrsblenot be well governed unless Agitation is stopped. Very good, O three Georges! Agitation must ,. 'floalotoseqafaod •iresdar...FIRE-PROOFCall wad examine, or M nd for an illustratedFAIKBA2TXS & Co.,No. 13» Broadway, New-York.SAFES.BTXAxm k MA»V«*",No, 40 MCKXAT-ST , N. Y.between France a n d England, the truth upon t h e question of Free Trade and Protection was stated with a clearness and cogency that could not well beSINGER'S SEWING-MACHINES.nolSewmrMachiBe ....s>lM Bo. 1Bewing-MachiDe 90 The Family Be»riug-Machine, A ISthis paper.A receipt should be taken from the Agent.For the rest of the State Ticket, w e have no re-turns;but,asCol.Seymourwasnominatedasthe bewailing"thefolJyofthetimes?" Andalso wouldbeinnoxious,ifnotwholesome. Ifmen developsomefavoredindustrybyanaturalprivi-;rs. P a h Francii Governs J, being «ery tract w <ce;ntly exp»aassert title L. and C*LLH ifoinia bo^h Senor SaEtiT H E COl'.- Mr. COVCK Mr.ScfcelJ, not pr? sent him.. Mr. B formed <m T ^r-re la..aa E^aes comeban-ass tho it to testify on are determin House, with contumacic uf'' to conceal co M a meecm1 Mr. Phelps i-u on the 38th pa was not accep the 35th, or n( poced an ameioaifion substai cations. Mr,laying down general direct Bridger Pass 1l^biH to inccThe FsmBy SewlBg-Hachine. Hemming Ganges60 4Advertisement* i n Use Weekly Tribune. Mai-chants, Manufacturers, Mechanics, Real Estate" the corruption of the times ?" Did any one, in tcill poison themselves, we see not why they may leged titcatjon, but foreign comr>eution would stifle in all history, ever know a Departed Gentleman to not as well do it with Strychnine as with Nicotine, their bud all those U-iio^s which it requires ia order topropper—capital, ekillfoi workmen, experienced over- gbt up and walk, and make speeches, without his Sulphuric Acid, or AlcohQl. That the former do seers, easy communication, and a good market—hi fact,fling at " the folly of the times ? " I t is for that their work the moro speedily, is a recommendation all the coudi(iot8 which time alox»e can give. A tran-purpose, and for that purpose only, that Dead Folk of one class or the other; but wo do not decide of sition, coneequently, is indispensable, and to preach free trade to a country which does not enjoy ail thesedoubt that the House is Republican by nearly twoL ML8rx«zxfcCo.,No.468Broadway,N.Y. No. 150 Fulton-st., Brooklyn.GROVER * BAKER'S NOISELESSFAXit.* Sswiirw M^ctiiMae.T un 3X*T vx Usa.No. 495 Broadway, New-York. No- 182 Fulton-st., Brooklyn.SINGER'S SEWING—MACHINES.A s EXTIXX Nnw S m n .Doslgssfl for all manufacturing purposes, noiseless in Ka opera-tie*, very rapid, and capable of .every kind of work. I t is the best r~rwh<rv* ever produced. Price only $110. *L M. SINGS.* It Co.,No. 458 Broadway, N . Y .EUREKA SEWING-MACHINES.Owners, and others, who have anything to Mil, will do well to fully up t o Gov. Buckingham.advertise in T a x WXXXL T TxiBirxa. Advertisers will please to send in their favors as early in the week as possible, in order to insure theirfindingaplace. It is properto add that, with a regular circulation of much more than 5200,009 copies, Tax W&XKX.T TRIBDNB is the beat and cheapest advertising medium i n t h e world.A limited number of advertisements are inserted for $lper line, each insertion.TXIOK t>50, COXMJITX. GUAXA^TKKD TOGIVX SATisyAcnox. arguing that Negro Slavery is essentially, radically just and hu- •OTTICXJ"0.489BUOADWAY. mane: TowhichareaddedbriefopinionsofmanyeminentmenThe undersigned, residents of the city of New-York, JOHNTVILLIAMS, for Street CommlMicner. adeqa&telawsfortheregulationoftenementhousesin8 v x D A r - SCHOOL,THX W AT TO KAISR OUS.about that joke ? In fact, and quite to the contra- ry, there was about i t a very mouldy aroma. O f what use to call' Mr. George S.Hillard-—by hising mild and unexcited history of this great and pared to consider less weighty matters."memorable event: Tbe Charleston papers say that the landlords will*"Thefightincaucussomedaysago,betweentwo havetopay25centsperpoundforLeef;butTheMa- Southern Senators, wend seem to indicate that Mr. con (Ge.) Tchgro-ph denies this; it says:manwasfightingtbebattleofDouglas when hegotfcoseverelyhandledbyClay,ofAlabama. Evereightcentsfortbebestquality,andwithin48hours'transportation bv ra'lroad, it is folly to be publishing tince, Mr. Clingman has worn goggles, so that the con- euch stuff. Charleston could feed ten Democratic Con-•owemraaa asmDR. BIGG'S TRUSS OFFICE, for the radical curejourning. Only it has been customary to refer suoh gatherings te £ future period, when terrestrial tombs shallfee-leftfe^ess. Still,'tisquite a matter of taste; a n d if a few uZZ'l:^ anatomical preparations please to convene, to hear Mr. Geo. T. Curtis speak, it oily proves that curiosity may auivWe ordinary vitality, a n d that death—which ia a comfortable doctrine—may even strengthen man's power of endurance. Mr.Geo. T. Curtis address- ing M r . Marshall P . Wilder a s " Mr. President" takes the least imaginative of us quite back to the other side of the Middle Ages, and we involuntarily inquire if Prof. Agassiz was Chairman of the Com- mittee onResolutions. But, if we may creditthe newspapers, all this has happened. There is to beCampaignDoenments,NE^T-YbjtK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY. APRIL 3, i860.catesoflegal residenceintowns other than-those SorgicalappliancesforVaricocele,Prolapsus,Hemorrhoids,En-whereintheyappearedandvoted,haveswelledtheTO CORRE8PONDENT8.No notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications.strated.one chew, one pinch, one whiff, on that account? his governnent. B u t in a speech recently made toWhat* ever Is intended for insertion must b e authenticate djby the name and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica-Yet what votary of tobacco ever declinedthe purposes of Napoloon III. and the members oftion, but as a guaranty for his good faith.W« cannot unaertake to return rejected Communications Business letters for T H B TJUBCNB should in all eases be ad-dressed tO HOBACK GUKKLRT it Co.H. A. LAXTZ, NO. 23 East Market square, RKAnrxo, Pa., hasJAua DAIIT, SXMI-WXKKI.Y, and WxaKi/rTHiBiryK, for sale.Caah subscriptions and remittances for this paperwffi be forwarded over the lines of the AMERICAN EXPRESS COMPANY, free of charge, at our lisk. Their lines extend through New-York, Western Pennsylvania, Ohio, Indiana, Uli- nois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Canada West, Northern Kentucky, Missouri, & c Jtc. Messengers run twioe daily over the principal lines. Moneys should be sealed, with name and Post-Office address cf subscribers, and addressed tothe Legislative Corps by hw half-brother, Count this City, from what pretends to be pure Cognac (e Moray, on occasion of the commercial treaty:i B.IU Jriik tbe A t '.''. &, ardv* pbeiiC Hi-4 "* fc. Th< •imadeI. T H E IRREPRESSIBLE CONFLICT: GOV .and true Republican, forsix years from the 4thof CBABXXS O'COXOR'S Union Meeting Speech—Dec. 19, '59— March next. . 'Curtis has come to theconclusion that therecanbe no such thing as " sectional honor." That is toTo the Honorable the Stnate and Axtembly of the State of to b e voted for to-day in Brooklyn, a r eNew-York: THOJVIAS W. FIELD, lor Collectorof Tax©*and Assessment*.SxwARn's famous Rochester Speech of 1858; bound up withCOlSflSfECTIGUT ELECTION. 1vA MASSACHUSETTS MID1WGHT faotured by one Gen. Dana, and, as a speci-so bate astobewflltog to cursea <WK?tinentwrtfc Slavery in order that these winegrowers *w* ^ t i l - lers may make a little more money, and he hinZwtf get a rather cheaper glass of spirit., - I f few-ant ftf politics is likely to commend itself to Frenchmen, we must fay that other people have generally attrib-:,U \f ....The Republicans of CONNECTICUT laat evening'emerged triumphant from the most desperate politi-cal struggle t o which any State was ever subjected.Money in floods, threats of Pr;o-Slavery proscriptionin their industry and its products, menaces of adissolution of the Union if they were not beaten,an enormous Naturalization, and, w e fear, a heavyillegal vote, mainly polled by means of bogus certifi-most popular man in the State, and every effort was concentrated upon him, we may fairly pre- sume that the other Republican candidates run::>./.•;-.*.[HALIBCK.Weto TVOU. tn«m at the regular retail price; and w e have already found thai, in a school of a few tcholmxn, suiScient copies have beect .sold, trotn tint profits of which has been raised a [large Xhraryofbooks.S>4V.willinsurevixPictures,postagetree.In offering this woikof art at $1 we are convinced that it ia srlthin the leach of every Minister of the GoapeLTwelvecentsrequiredtoprepay. AddressDAYTOX & Co., American and European Engraving Warehouse,N"o. 37?»ark•tow. New-York. LARGE ANDSUPERIOR TREES, CHEAP.—Theground being wanted, w e will sell some thousands of large Fruit Tiees and hug» J£vergreen and other Trees, at very low rate*. WM.R.P&LNCEit.Co.,Flushing.*~ AMERICAN W A TCHES,IX OOU> AND SlI.tXK CASXS,Fox SAJ.HBYGBOBOXC. AXLKX,CtiKB TRCSS with success, in effecting permanent cures of Her-nia or Rupture. Ladies waited upon by a female in private bills have been referred, hive—on the application imposed, as whether they shall be so regulated as ganize a party, and everybody will be der discussion, Mr. Clay ol^erved, in the coureo of the two weeks in April, a.Charleston gentleman inquiredto *>U oar bomutiful JOngnriag o( Christ fund histoSandav-Schoolsatadiscount,soastoenablethem „IV. TieIrrepressibleConflict: Gov.Seward's Rochester dollars. Ifthiseumisraieedbydirecttax,ataxNo. 415 BROADWAY, OXX DOOR BXI^CW CAXAHtT., rORXXKLY N o . 11 W AU.-HT.a consequent increaseoftolls upon thecanals,is The Committee on Cities and Villages in the the only expedient that has been suggested; and theGhost George thinks that because menare"weary of agitation,", he and his fellow- tion with tbe recent4 ecrimma^e' in the Senate Caucus, Lot Cornelius.Meloy's Station by the Overland "Mi;l on Saturday »ou at iheir store, for the convenience of those who m a y ce*ire night. A considerable demand for U*>or had beensVou««ke«ping. TheywillaJ«ohaveregularsalesduringthesea- thismediumofsale.WINDOW SHADES,ManufacturedbyPRIKOX LABOR.We Mil to the Jobbing Trade only.The attention of largo buyers solicited. A.BAXRICXLO&.CO.,No.35Murray-st.holding him Mr. Clay gave him a black eye. These Thisisthequestion which stares theSenatein "with bated breath"—a party the business of arethefactsofthecase."the face. Howany Republican can hesitate,we whichistoignore all controversy—that maybe acaused by the opening of the Nap* quicksilvermines. The.Jackson County (Oregon) quartz donottee. WecannotbelievethereisanySenatortier etyle during the Convention; they will take down their tents for that purpose. Thoy will require room enoughforsomethreelargfcmarquees,andfromtwentyGREAT BARGAINS IN CARPET*.—Splendid En- id American Tapestry Brussels. 7/ and 8 / ; imp. *-ply, 8 / ; ne Ingrain, 6) ; beauti'ul Ingrains, brigbt colors, 2,6 to <j:imposea-taxofthreeandahalfmills,hedigshis politicalgrave. LetnotSenator.Sessions and his cou>panioii8 deceive themselves into the belief thatisoursolemnopinion that Clay never could havenamed the vacant lot on the easterly side of Meeting street, near Scuth Bay.»uXaxnox's, No. 374 Ho«son-st, near King.Congress yesterday devoted the day mainly togiven CI ngman that unfortunate and disfiguringSP ALDING'S PREP ARED GLUE.Usxrci rx XTXRT Houxi.Fox SAZ.XETXRTWKBRX.Maaafaotared by H. C. SjfAXniXi ic. Co., No. i8 Cedar-si.Tost-Office addreas. Box No. 3 600.•BARRY'S TRICOPHEROUS1Is the best and cheapest article lor Dressing,Beautifying Cleansing, Curling, Preserving, and Rea.orirgtbe Hair.Ladies, try it- For s«le by Druggists and Perfumers.— — ^ — — ^ ^ ^ ^ • — - •'" •»•'•• ••••• i • i.-i.- ••••—BILL'S HAIR DYE, 50 cents, Black or Brown.—Mr. Smveyor Hart has fallen heir to an estate under the following romantic circumstauces. Years and Davis, who thus came in to turn the odds of ago, when in Paris, a lovely Jewess became enamoredDepot No. 1 Barclay**., and sold by all Druggists. Also, infal- Hb*e OXOCXXT. for the growth-and beauty of the Hair. Also, Bocqrrr r>x RACIIXX., a delightful extract fox the Handkerchief.Inimitable HAIK-CTTTIXC at So. 1 Barelay-st.HORATIO EAGLF, No. 254 Canal-st., Rooms of7heAmericanGas-LightJournal,New-York, Agentfor the sale of C«c»x COAL-OSIJJ and PXTROLXCXIS GAS ar.d OII.-COAI>, tic., ate.Rxyixxp COAj.-Oi;..t of all descriptions.HOLLOWAY'S FILLS are more efficacious in Hammond, Laurence, Proseer, Ramsey and [ofleabt remember that they are in a measure the guardians of a cause whose success they have no right even to put in jeopardy.habits are too strong for them, and they must walk, let them do so under the wings of the D e-mocracy.every other Mosaic day of mark, accordingly there were•srewgtbtnt; a debilitated constitution thsn any other knownweparatKn. Tnitottm of oeivoos temperament and weak diges- c ,urse] Spinola. tive organs should lose no time in piocuring and using these* . ' • —Free States are mobbed and lynched at the Southwhen they have given no provocation for such out- suit even the Three Georges—the Ilillard, the or explanation which Messrs. Toombs and Davis abroad to look after it, and,- accordingly, he sailed onfamoustonicrwaedW.»•»-—»* >rages, we quote the following from the last issueLunt, anfl the Curtis; and, if they must have some- thing deader stiU, why all we can say ic,that no-may desire to lay before the public, through our columns.Saturday for Hamburg, where the estate lies.—Though there is nothing very strange iu the factthat the "Fencibles Band" of Lancaster City theSpeech.Price of all these German Speeches, 5 cents a single c^py;$250per100;$15per1,000. Itbymail,onecent eachinaddi tionmustbesenttopaythepostage.of four mills will be necessary. Last year thetax wastwoandahalfmills,andtheonlyyearithas everbeenhigherwasin1857,whenitwasthreeconfession,made manyyearsa g o , t h eoldestDouglashasfriendsintheSouth. ItissaidthatCling- ."With acres of beef in Tennessee,atfromsixtoWill not our ^Republican friends aid us to " circulate mills, and the Republicans lost the State the nextownmaninMassachusetts,andaghostofverylongstanding—to talk of "the estrangement of the two"sectionsofthecountry"? Onewould think,to dition ofhiseyes cannotbeascertained. Clavhasa ventionsonaweek'snotice."thedocuments1" Nowisthetimewhenthousandsofminds can be reached and influenced which, threemonths hence, will be hardened like flint against con- would, in our opinion, endanger the Republican su-viction.Terms cash.mere sake of having a feud, or merely for "the fun "ofthe thing"—which doesnotstrike usasa statesmanlike view, 6ven for a very old Ghost in-deed.South if he can thereby advance his personal fortunes. Onthebtherhandwefindin T/tcLeaderade. ecriptionofthecombatwhichdoesbetterjusticeto the distinguished and elegant Sfnator from NorthCarolina:place. —ThefirstA8eemblyDistrictofQueensCountyhareselectedRobertWilletsofFlushing,andLotCornelias ofOyeter Bay, to represent them in the Republican ConventionatSyracuse. IsaacH.Cocksasalternate toRobertWillets,andLendal F.PrattasalternatetoThemailsforEurope,bythesteamshipCanadafrom Boston, will close at the New-York Post- some other source of revenue is found. The reim-!e"5Officeto-day,at1£and4p.m.«.positionofamoderatetaxupontherailways,withSan Francisco dates to the 11th ult. reached least three mills and a half.mines are said to yield immense profits, excellinganything yet known in California. reported to be worth $20,000 per tun._—:—*,attendants from the Pacific slope—all good men andThe quartz ismarks of this well-bred apparition, that parties'im- plied combatants, and battles, and rencontres, and|p fomenting trou:U matelybeforetheI <|| for the evident pupublic opinion ir (H should be receive* that the Cortina 1The Hon. Charles G. Myers, Attorney-General ofK»^.'iVk^VrJ??*7f*H^ht-•"•BOdurable,andfittoach»rm. ourState,hasofficiallyreportedthattheactConfederacy. Itisnotevenprotendedthatthebodyaskedthemtowalkatall.NormusttheyuB A :T £ * " ^ ' « HAIR 1>YE, WJGS, and TOUPEESwhich has reached us of The (Georgia) Atlantayear in consequence.To impose a four-mill taxvery decided feeling against Mr. Douglas, consideringpremacyinthisState;andyet,evenifweabandon the completion of the canals, which w e cannot do, ataxofnearlythatamount must beraisedunlesslisten to Ghost George, that the "two sections"wentdeliberatelytoworktogetupafeudforthe andreadyatanymomenttocheateitherNorthor"Assomemisstatementshavebeenmadeinconnec-DR.MARSHconanuestoapplyhisRADICAL SenateofNew-York,towhomtheCityRailroadquestionisnotsomuchWhethertollsshallbere-spectershavenothingtodobuttoor-.thefollowingfactsmavaswellbestated:Whenthe —DesiringtohiretwoobscureroomsinthecityforTerritorial resolutions reported by Mr. Green were un-rooms. Also, Txc*t*x* of every kind for permanent re- of Mr. Wm. Allen Butler, on behalf of citizens and debate, that no Southern Senator would vote against of tho owner what he would charge for rent, who re-tention of hupture, Ba'hing Trusses, Supporters, Shoulder- to render possible a reduction of the direct tax to glad to join it. A very odd idea has Ghost GeorgeBraces, Suspensory Bandages, Silk Elastio 8tockings, Knee-Caps, tax-pajer*—appointed a hearing on Wednesday of two and a half inillp, or whether w e shall be con- them who either did not disbelieve in the princiDles of plied that he would take four hundred dollar* forAnkleta, and all sonricaJ appliances scieotiiicalfy applied, by MARAMI»Co.,No.2V-esoy-stg(oppositeUUPaul'sChurch)N.Y thisweek/at4p.m.of " a party." " A party" without agitation—a them, or who was not afraid to express bis convictions. tbcm, paid in advance. This is what a commentator tentwithleesthanthree hundred thousanddollars party flat, still, and dead—a party which just Mr.ClingmanretortedharshlytoMr.Clay,'Thatisa calls"a.high oldjoke."in. gross from that source, and impose a tax of at whistles a little, and whistles very mildly about lie,' to wnich the latter repponded with a blow. There-HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE SALES.HXXRT H. LKKD- &.Co., (store Mo. 23,Nassaust ), will give their personal attention (as usual) to the sales of HOCHBHOLO FliEMTi'xs, at thert»ideace» of penons removing or declining•upon Mr. Clingman knocked him down. Senators —The California and Oregon delegations to the election time—a party that speaks never, save Toombs and Davis seized Mr. Clingman, and while Charleston Convention propose to "camp out" in fron-Iht ilTfa?&?Z,S?*g f >biadl HATfUKLOH'H HAIR Drx, whereby the Central Railroad was exempted from person outraged had done or said anything t> in- suppose, because they have found the quiet of the diana ? Had he anything or nothing to de with this yet a singular fact is etated by a local reporter; he thJsays " The stillness of the night carried the musicfor a considerable distance,- and brought to the spot a large number oi persons, all of whom spoke in the highesttermBofitsperformances." Theideaofthe stillness of the r.ight engaging in express businessis sufficiently startling; but when we oome to hear that allthepersonawhomitbroughtspokeiathehighestionw'at^^FJ^• ' Z**J»*&»» ">^" »W«Drxknown. App'T at me factory, removd to No. Ig Bond-st.voke Pro^Slavery vengeance: grave so pleasant, that everybody can or will ap- fight, or with any fight of a Senatorial character ? EIGHT SIDE UP WITH CARE.—An old Abolition preciate their delicate nerves. Elections may be Won't anybody tell?„TMTMTMTTMl£?> HAIR CuTTiiro, andTRI-the payment of Canal Tolls was never constitution-ally pasted, and that the obligation to pay suchtolls still exists. If so, must there not be Borne reprobate, calling himself Dr. Holacher, from Pennsyl- exceedingly quiet where they came from; but elec- wayofenforcingit? '/.''.' vania,w»stakenupinourcity,onlastSaturday,for tionswill,wefear,continue toboquito obstrep-matertel,srAiworknfanshlponnvaled.'*"**tooa±ttt^'diseaseTheCourrierdesEtatsAmerican citizen of French birth must vote withofehlldrr sitdtho throat ft* «opaofthoOhv.TaronsoTnTni^Tand^ ^ L ^ vtunvt whenth*coughisverytisht. ThJTtTM*»r»-•f^^'or glh**., and tho diiW, sooVSppiri: ^ S K l S f a l S Broadway jat fiOoont. por hotels-, sndbyah^DrunW *URepublicansofBrooklyn, andtobevotedforto day, are as follows:politicalprinciples,andmarkedto"Hoi-aceGreoiey,uTKIBUNEOffice,New-YorkCity,Rightsideupwith will becries,andslogans,andscreams. The "care." Thus parcelled, he left for New-York,via rose-water style of politics may be in high Chattanooga and Norfolk. Horace, the Black KnightRepubliqanB,becausetheTariffbilllatelyreportedin the House of Representatives by Mr. Morrill of reeulte.PARKE* BROS. LONTX>N CLUB SAUCE LJjustthe Wards.ALDERWMaErdNs.X..CMAKLKH J.SHK1»IIX»1>. ofTHETRIBUNE,willploaseinformusofthesavoar-fashion in Hades; and nothing prevents thethreeGeorgesfromgoingdownagain,and taking a littletail ofadmirerswiththem. Butif w e w e r e o n e o f t h e T r i o f r o m T a r t a r u s , w e w o u l dVermont, who, is a Republican, proposes to lay on Frenchwinesandbrandieshigherdutiesthanare laidbythepresenttariff. Inotherwords,accord- i n g t o t h e C o u m e r , e v e r y F r e n c h m a n w h o t a k e s—An infant in WrighUville, Pa , nearly came to its death,tieotherday,inthefollowingmanner:The father left a bottle containing a narootio,onaside-b o a r d , a n d w e n t f r o m t h e r o o m ; t h e i n f a n t w a s l y i n g in a cradle, and a three year-old boy was in care of i t ; thelattertookthebottle,pourednearlyallthecon- tents down the infant's tbroat, oausing partial Btnwgu- laticn, and afterward a death-liko stupor, from which it was with difficulty recovered. Tho moral is obvi- ous.•rticlolongn#«dVdbythopublictotakethoplaceoftiu,mmn- >nf»iior Banco* whieh b*veenjovedamonopoly,andbeensold atexorbitantrates;soperiorandcheaperthanallothersinusethe a r e a * s a l e i t i s n o w w n j o y i n s ; i s t h e b e e t t e s t o f i t s m e r i t s a n d DOD- otaritar. goid by all respectable grocers, and by A. J. PAJUOIIUgfe. 13 ftsokmsn-st. ^GUERNSEY'S BAJLM is the best external remedyin exisUnce.—It give* immediate and permanent relief inthe awretcei eases of Neuralgia, ivwovzt all pain and inaammatioD hoot the worst Bum, Scald,or Bruise; 26 cents a bottle. Depot, No. 2i7 front -ft., ••;iXII..CiiAUi.xsFAKKXU...7.Unis argues that every The Aldermen and Supervisors nominated by the to a coat of Mack, a color more in accordance with his given—there will be blows received—there the so-called Democratic party, and against the!IV1....ID>AJJ»TIBXL#GT..TLAKTVLXOKSIC.H.VI..LrcjnjrBinns»T*.VllI..JAj|ua A. VAMBKLWT,W a r d s . 8 U F J E R V I S O R S .rivalofhis"Brothor"ininiquity. Thisclimateistoo hotforAbolitionists.Republicans of Brooklyn.' H A V E Y O U VOTED?Ifnot,goatoncetothepollsanddeposityour theHon.MarshallP.Wilder,orsomeotherA M n u , w J v i " t jA GKNCXO.- STU»WKXL.ballots. One yote may decide the contest, and it gloriously gloomy specimen of Life in Death; brandy-distillers of France as superior in import- may be years ere you have another such chance of and an attested copy of the Boston Resolution; ance to the welfaro and prosperity of his adoptedvi Vi' • ^ ' " " • C ' w w m u VIU..0A*KKTG. BaxoKtf.success.of which we may say a word.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069They were luanu-country!H e should also possess a soul so vile a n dhavirg in his possession incendiary documents. The erous affairs upon earth. There will be blows still , <s> bird was stripped of his borrowed plumage, andsfreatedXIV..JOHWAUJXWUntitled Documentbony brigades.witness the abeolute realization of such a precious bit of osseous romance in this practical time, and iuBoston;a n dyet howshall wedesignatechievous.Resolution I I I . declares that there can be noOne could hardly have expected topracticalsuch a catacomb convention as that oity witnessedon Thursday last? Dead men may have personaland political interests; and, if they have, there isnothing in the Constitution and the Laws whichfoibiu? their meeting, speaking, resolving, a n d a d - be stopped. Now, let us see you stop i t 'a new party.dramatic unities, but the party that is to be has held a Sfcate Convention. The object of the new party is " the cultivation of the Christian vir-It is very true that most of the liquors drank inI t involves a slight confusion of theThe Legislature is Republican all over. FiveSenators in the two South-Eastern counties" settlethat branch. W e hear of Republican gains of Eep-resentatives in almost every County, leaving no twentiethsof his late fellow-creatures are beet upon choice of the one in/avor of that of the other?Wejudge that thetotal voteexceeds85,000.cay, the North, as such, can have no "sectional beg your honorable bodes to pass daring this session, JOHN C. DUKYKA, for Commiasloner of Repairs and SappUe*." honor," andtheSouth, as such, can have no thiscity. Hundredsofthousandsofpeopleareperson- TheRepublican candidates are respectable and n . T H E DEMOCRATIC LEADERS F O R DISU- The highest ever before cast (that for President in " sectional honor" either. This would, of course, ally interested in a bill securing for the future the responsible men who, if elected, will make good PTNKLE & LYON'S SEWTNG-MACHINES received sriox: Speech of HXXRY WILSOX of Mass.—in Senate, Jan. '56) was 80,325. The increase is of course nearly render it impossible for the North practically to health, comfort, and safety of persons livirrg in these and faithful public servants. Republicans, one andPAJtTTXS JtOT HAVl^O yCX.1. AMOWT ACCO3OIODATK0. onthelubjeotthusdiscussed. A«KMTS WASTxn.—Liberal oiscount allowed. D. J. L KTY, Supt.the M*!*)** MedalattheFairoftheAmerlcauInstitute,with the highest Premium for fine SewioK-Maohino work: also, high- est Pxeminm at the Fair of the FraiiiJiii Institute, New-Jersey State Fair, fee, fee- Agents Wanteb. Office. No. 503 Broadway.15,1860—showingbycopiouscitationsthattheleadingDemocratic orators and politicians are fully resolved to destroy the Union when they can no longer rule it.III. THE ADMISSION OF KANSAS: GOV.SEW-all in the cities and populous manufacturing towns. 3 a. m.—We have returns from nearly all theiojure the South, or for the South practically tohouses. Atpresenttheyareinadequate tothewants of tenants, and a disgrace to our city.A bill meeting the*e reformatory requirements is nowbefore the Committee on Cities and Villages, and haaall, rally to their support.Let no Republican voter in Brooklyn go to busi- ness this morning until he has deposited his vote. Success now may give us the county iu the Presi- dential campaign. The Democrats are pretty evenly divided, and the Bepublican ticket will suc- ceed, if you all do your duty. Don't tail to vofe early.•tasSMSSSCPOLITICAL.—The price of beef eeema just now to be the most importantmatterwiththeSouthernDemocracy.In-:1""WIIEELER & WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES. AXD'S great Speech—in Senate, Feb. 29, 1860—gumming np the State. They leave no doubt of Buckingham's Rt. Honorable Ghost, w e beg leave to ask him been adequately enforced by a committee of citizens,**. W e preftiT them for familyusc."—-f Tribune. " 1 he>] are the fovoiites for iViuilie*."—I Times.OfBce, No.505 Broadway, New-York.~ T H E PARKER SEWING-MACHINE CO.'SFTSST-CUUM, BOVBLZ-THRKA0. Rapid, Noisele<s, and Beautiful $40.—Kx-w SKWIMCT-MACKIXS—$40.under Patents of klowe, Grover i. Baker, and Wheeler icWUseo. Agents wanted. Office No. 460 Broadway.VBRXOX ic Co.ST ARR'SCnsmcAJ.r.T PXBPAXXD OLCX,For Family use. 25 centu per Bottle, with Brush. FOR SALX J£TXXTWHXKK.Manofaetuxrd and ior sale bySTARX Gu-K COMPAXT, No. 51 Liberty-it.political issues of the day.IV. NATIONAL POLITICS: Speech of ABRA-why, tuch being his opinions in the spirit, he had Messrs. Fry, Duganne, and Pilsbury.The undersigned trust that that bill, or an equivalent,THE "Cixirrii~~~. The Conference Committees of the two Housesat Albany on the subject of a toll bill have not yetreported,andmeantimeallthefinancialmeasures sivethananythinghesaid. Onthewhole,hisvisitandLAKOS.IT EXQXAVIMO XVXX PSMUSUXO for *1.Let all well-wishers of theGOHfKL CAUSK,sad Parents who desire to promoteTHX KXUOIOUS W'sxj-AKJt ofTmciK F AXIUSU,ghosts were equally inexplicit. Of what use was it to summon such a venerable Spirit as the Hon. Leverett Saltonstall, whose main objection to theand passed upon at once ?" Our delegation have not had time to think aboufc who is to be the nominee'yet; the great and" most vi- tal of aJl que&tioris to tk^m is, now, WIIOTLS to be theBay the Gr*atof CHRIST AJTO HIMPiotureArowruu.L. I u K A U. T .Seward's lateSpeech on theAdmissionofU. Land for the Landless: Tho Hon. Galusba A . Grow'a on our debt, and keep the wheels of Government inelection and of a decided Republican majority inHAMLixcour ef Illinois—et the Cooper Institute, New-York, the Legislature. Nobly done, dauntless Republi specting the wrongs inflicted by New-En- ever pray, etc., etc.Feb. 27, 1860—explaining and defending the position and Views of the Republican party on the subject of Slavery: To which is idded, Hon. JAXXS R. DOOLITTLB'S vindication of the Republi- oana of Wisconsin from the chaige.of Nullification.V. LAND FOR THE LANDLESS: The Hon. GALU-JHA A. CROW'S Speech—in the House, Feb. 29, 1860—in exposi- tion and advocacy of the Republican policy of granting the Pub- lic Lands in limited tracts to Actual Settlers fox the bare cost of mrvey and sale.—Eachoftheaboveisprintedonfairtypeandgood paper,formingalarge octavo double-column tractof sixteen pages. They are sold in quantities of One Thousand or over for <>7»e cent per copy; and the Thou-sand may be made np from the list above given in suoh quantities of each as the buyer may desire. In smaller quantities, $1 25per hundred; 25c per dozen; singly, 1 cento.Speech. .„ motion, we mnet raise this year over five millions of III. National Politics: Abraham Lincoln's Speech.lgland upon the Sou,h ? And why, thewTongs of the South being purely ideal, they have so excited his sympathies and those of his fellow- ghosts ?' T h e Hon. Ghost had b u t "three minutes " to spare;" his leave of absence being thus limit- ed; and, therefore, his presence was more impres-Ncm-York, March 20, 1860.We would aek, why is the delay in reporting thebill now in the hands of the Committee on Towns and Villages? Twenty-five persons have been burnt alive, seven in one tenement house, eightin another, and>ten in another, since the 3d of January! Did ever humanity more urgently demand immediatelegislativeaction? Will not.some member moveIx OXRXAX.—I. Kansas.it If weareto finish thecanals,paytheinterest j ****&**partywasthatit "played upona harpTAXES.wasquiteunsati«factory, exceptasamatterofcu- fortnight of the termination of the session. If we riosity. And we are pained to say that all thethat this special bill be taken from the Committee deed, The Daily Progress, -the lucus a nan lucendo name of a paper published in North Carolica, says:are delayed, though w e are within ten days or a0ter discujEsii I atgourned till t| 1 motion, with ttt Should then be ] general plan.TIThe Pacific ijjefore the Pos ja decision. T |messages betwIyrohably the I$40,000.As I monopoly have IJbefairertotheto competition mails.V: . ThEI TheJudiciary on the Preeid sustaining Mr. oftheHouset fecting theExeernment.Mr. Up a hornet's nTo the Associate IThecaseofti appeal from the involvingthetitcisco lands, waday; Wm. B. R IheUnitedSt3'<>s of the case, grt thatthreehour>ICol.Brown\> Brownsville,the gerated, are putdid not fear that the Senate were hopelessly inbonds to tho Central Railroad, we should again urgeupon them the propriety, nay, the necessity, of thepassage of the Assembly Toll bill, or something likeSlowly and dimly the light dawns upon the late price of board at Charleston? Can they get iato aparty forGhosts,butnotforlivingmen—though it ishardtoseeortosayhowitcanbeconsideredaWe areconvinced that this is near the truth,thoughwecannoteasilybelievethatthe courteous totwenty-fivesmalltents,astherewillbeaboutfortyrepresentingaRepublicanDistrictoutsideofthisCity who does not tnow and feel that if hie votes to party at all. W e thought, before we read the re- harshness of manner in giving the lie to the true, and dwellers beyond the Sierra Nevada. An ac-B u t w e wrere mis-integrity of the LJh'on. and the necessity of pro- eighteen months hence they are called upon to elect meetings with marriage-bell*;; and a really nice pose. But what can be thought of Messrs. Toombsman for quite a email paity Mr. George Hillard is;tainty. Until then, our advice to specters in gen- which only the delicate ta«te of woman knows bow to handle,buttoToombsandDavisthis treacheroussometimes pretty noisy ones.Ictha. 3/. 3/f. acd 4/ ; Sheet Oilcloth, 12 to 18 foot wide, at the Slavery question. The Senate discussed the the people will have forgotten tbeir action when taken. Parties mean evening parties or morniog black eye, had not the latter been held for the pur-tecting eJave property in the Territories. Tho a new Senate. The people will not forget it, be-Housewasengagedonthebilltoprohibitpolygamy causetheirownpocketsandthepublicpresswill although,shouldhecontinuetowalkforthenext thefightinClay'sfavorandheldClingmanbyin Utah, in considering which the whole subject of combine'to remind them of it Again, then, w e three centuries, we despair of his finding a party main force, while his adversary thus gave it to him came back to New-York, he still remained the object of the power of Congress over Slavery in the Terri- appeal to Senators Sessions, Robertson, Kefccham, small enough to suit hu&, or to be suited by him. in the eyes? It may have been natural enough for her tender recollections, which were shown by her tories was, of course, involved. In this debate, Fitro, Lapbam, and Abell, to pause before they When the small Par-y without Emotion is fairly Clay to take advantage of the circumstance to enjoy sending him, on the several annual feast days of her Mr. Etheridge of Tennessee especially distinguished inflict eo deadly a blow upon the great party to organized, the Ghosts wi!l have a great time cer- a sweet revenge on one whom alone he could not ancient faith, valuable presents—sweet mementoesThat party is dead enough in certain re-Resolution I I . deolares that Agitation is mis- uted to them a degree of ctonmon sense and ofgoneros'ty of natare totally inconsistent with such narrow and contemptible motives.Tariff unless Agitation is stopped.Resolution IV , declares that Massachusetts can- wine and brandy is only a pretext onthe part of theXtovrrier. Though compelled, in order to preserve > -'--folding and ularc-hreedlng subscribers.to suppoit the Democratic party, its conductors »r£ still men of education, and belong to the Nineteenth CenturyandnottheNinth. They areaccordinglyAcorrespondentur^eBthat,ifthedrinkingpop-unabletoadvocateSlaveryandFillibusteriim. !L««Cu Gi our uity could only be induced to see frankly and directly; and finding nothing else byand hear Dr. Cox's demonstrations of the poisonous which they can prove their fidelity to-"the Sham character oftheliquors,they are constantly imbibing, Democracy, they assail the Republican party astbey would surely refran. W e do not believe well as they can, on the ground of a proposition to i t W h y should they revolt against Sulphuric add a few <XTS\» per gallon t o the duties on wine anddown t o the mildest Lager Beer, a r e grossly adul-terated^-or rather, they are made u p in good partof cheap a n d deadly substances which differ radi-the oddity—Mr. George T . Curtis is invited to make cally from those of which they profess to be ex- surpassed. W e quote a brief but comprehensive" rues;" and therefore—which rather complicatestheinitialspeech. Andhow doeshedoit?Why, tracts. Butifthey werejust what they purport passage:how should Mr. George T. Curtis, as a high-minded, an honorable, and a constitutionalDead Man, doit? HowhaveallDeadMendoneit? Howbutbyto be,, they would be poisons still; and the tendency of such teaching as Dr. Cox's isto induce a blind belief that, if they were only not adulterated, they" Free trade may, it appears to me, be considered as the object to which society 13 tending, but protection must be tbe means of arriving at it. Suppose free trade establibhed in a new and paor country, what will thatcountryproduce? Idonotdenybutthatitcan.""^^^ued toT> t_Slperambulate, and squeak, and gibber. SoMr. which. Inthisgloriouslyfreeandenlightened coun- advantagesis.nearJyasequitableastoproposetoachildGeorge T . Curtis, a3 awful and as shadowy as a try, if one man chooses to kill himself with a pistol to contend with a grown man."McPhersonian ghost, gets np to say that nineteen- and another with a cleaver, who shall overrulo the considering " topics of dangerous tendency," andThis is the genuine doctrine, and precisely the"mere abstract questions,"and "foolish and absurdtoone,ormorethanthemajorityoflastyear. "notionsofsectionalhonorandeectionalinterest7" Thefollowingpetition,nowcirculating;isalready flectingonthesubject.Thiseeeuresthereturntothe U.S.Senate ofthe Fromwhichweinferthat,guidedbythelightofhis signedbyfourthousandfivehundredcitizens. TimeHon.LAFAYETTES.FOSTER,orsomeothergood ghastlyandghostlyexperience,Mr.GeorgeT.'onlyisnecessarytoobtainfiftythousandsignatures. TheRepublicancandidatesforCharterOfficers,injure the North.With all due respect for thosuch a deal to deliver in the flesh, re- will be paeaed this session, and the undersigned willTENEMENr-HOUSEREFOB!!!.heroic encounter between Democratic members offirst-class hotel at $5 a day each, or must they tako garret accommodations at $10 ? After the price of rice and Fulton Market beef (as they are to be served athe Senate of the United States.of a single- string " ? W a s there nothing new Washington letter in The Evening Post the follow- Charleston) is settled, then our delegation will be pre-There is something too dreadful in the idea of " tea him* doubtless to be a demagogue of the first water, Democratic Conventions" in session at one time and Hand chivalric Clingman exhibitedanythinglikeSenatorfromAlabama. Atthesametime,it tiveCharlestonianhassecuredforthepurposeabovedisgracoful.form a ring and see fair play all round. As it is, vertu; and neither distance, time, nor the absence of aWhat they should have done, was todispatched to this, city, sentimental objects of art andtheir conduct appears to have been wrong and un-spectstosuitthemostfastidiousGoblin. Itis justifiableonanyprinciplesofgentlemanlyconduct. shewasfaithfulinlifeeowaseh<;trueindeath,fortheitspolitical attempts. It should be dead enough to an eetate. It was legally necessary for him to go will with pleasure insert any letter of contradiction—ButwhatabouttheHon.Dr.FitchofIn-othernightgaveaserenadeinasquareofthatcity,•ii»im i narrnrrftn—But it Ivj very possible that this anxiety abouti-'-'TlIjt)i«pat( K^ reescl^jRanch 3 ; «M$ttiriBg t theM^xt.T;**$y,bir "*2 answt rI twserts as i> |-jW*ec cla» ! ago, and abrandy.There are not many things in regard to which we-f~.One of:—TBToltfiig-sntta*4 covt:u "'•fc 3enc»-dsame that we have preached for years;mend it, as it is expressed by Count de Moroy, to all theoretic free traders who are capable of re-of him, but he did not return the passion. When hetermsofitsperformances,ahopelessbewilderment\•..accounts largely n The State l)<?p Consul, Mr. Helmpartial successio Jut a naturalized' summoned to mi friendly offices, rh question to hi* ( that Liano be exe Cass has sent to il Captain General, JMinistertoGerlin,ference with the 1 zens.The majority of Office are in favor the Pacific, but wiijneseages 25 per astotheamount0Mr.Burchhaa Committee, in plat vice. This suppli* which was muchcIt appears bv a Cruz ccrresponde: wrote to Miramo wanton and inhnu and innocent life.TheConstitutio! cided that the CI National Committt with the Convent*•ratify nominations Izaticn for proaecu mTheCaMajorWrightclShawcaselasteve1 eight hours in deliand in twenty min fendant.Amotionforai t h e p l a i n t i f f ' s c o u n the ease will be anMEMPI Almost the ent Ark., was destroy fttO.OQQj insured iwww.fultonhistory.com•. -'..1 .. 