 NEW YORK HERALD, SA TURDA Y , AUGUST 1 1 , 1J860.The tonKmstires of tke North—The Ta>: LINCOLNORGANONFRKK Lovsi—ANEW denceseemstohavedestined us. Tothe po- Mon-Arriral ofthe.Adrlatie.NEW YORK^HERALD.j Hall SUM! Kverett Organization. PLAMtr*TH*; RWTWUCVN PLATTOR«.—The pet litical economist and the philosopher thesere- r SAFPT HOOK, August 10,1840. There areat vetnosignsofthesteamshipAdriatic,Y ACHTSQUAJHlOvta i K I QOHDOm IKIIITT, EDITOR AND PROPRHTOR.It is settled that the one hundred and twenty metropolitan organ of Honest Old Abe'" has turns cannot fail to prove deeply interesting. now about doe, with Liverpool dates of toe 31st uU . electoral votes of the South will be cast against printed a letter, purporting to have beset written They will draw from them more valuable les- Weather foggy. Wind light from the south.ArrivnlDunDayonthetown*t em a lacht-Arrival at •»-.Msmd IsMideBste, *«,, «7 THBSaOOBTOOAT.Omct K. w.COKMLB OF MASSAC AXDFCLTON tit.Lincoln in the approaching Presidential elec by the wife of John Henry Guxney, a well tion,andthat accordinglyonly thirtytwoof knownEnglishbanker,amemberoftheImpe the one hundred and eighty-three electoral rial Parliament, and the son of Jossph Johnsocs, as to the true conditions and limits of a na- tion'sprogress, than they have been ableto glean from all the histories and essays that have been written.(lew York Stat* Polities. BAIATU, August10,1849.A. O. Smith, of Perry, was yesterday elected delegate to the State Convention for Wyoming county.T*RMX, « " * (n « l — m . B W i M l I f awKI w*f? t m A l votes of the North are required to defeat him. Gurney, who came with his sister, llrs. Elisa MM <f lit W « r . PafUtg*tUmf* M S ruueaif atSwWtptfe*There is a popular majority against him in beta Fry, upon a philanthropic anti slavery mis-DAJl TMEMALD a—tmUmmm*M,44awnmwr # * WK£Xir MOULD, —try Saturday, at fix n t U M T New York, New Jersey, Rhode Island. Penn- sion to the United States some thirty fears ago,«r 45 \*>T atmum; the Mmroprmn MaWo» — r y W«irK».ij*,e rent* per rufpy, | 4 per annum )o any part tJ Grmit Britain, sylvania, Indiana, Oregon and California; and and was warmly received by the Garrisons,It (0«»V IWT «/ >to<J*VjvirtjrIA*ChuhivMf,bothtoinclit&jxjxtape;th*tocarryalltheseStatesoverhisheadithMotts,Tappansandothersofthesameclique,THK COL'NClLMEti SuntKCtO THE JARANS3RSWINDUK.—The Board ofCounctlmeh are fight-ing sby of the Japanese swindle. The debateupon that unparalleled scheme to cheat the city nated a full county ticket. Judge Oliver M. Spencer was : The city lay some Sve miles lathe distance, aad .iv'ornia Jldttum am Uu Uk a*d TOtktftmtk mmmtk at mmemit mrruu,m$190perumn.Tiff FAMILY BKBAMD anV«**s*dav,OSAHW fmUmW or_|3 jxrjMmnHit.onlynecessarythattheconservativeforcesop- thepredecessorsofthe7Viovn«philosophersin posedtothisdisunion sectional republican thesamelineofbusiness. Mrs.Guraey,itap- paityoftheNorthshouldcombineagainstit pears,haselopedfromherlawfulhusband,thenominated for Congress from the First district, aad Hon. treasurywassetdownforyesterday,alter John4.GurlyfromtbeSeconddistrict.The Tonr orthe Zonavti.tbetimethehatsailwasdown,thelastropecoo*J gathered dirt and perspiration of the cruise washes » aadquietbadfallenuponthescene,thedayhadmy a 'vaaced as to render a visit among the Bas, tf m *OtI'Vf* HYiVHRRiTOyDZ.rCK, auasheu import*. "~RmrvBUBnvm, ummmwmj wmmpui ••havingbeenpostponedfromTuesday,but(lie Councilmen did not venture to touch it at thei,»•1.i'«i/rowanyquarter ofih»world;tf unmL,willI kntir,alrl<y.'i.pia'i«di f'orur.st amn»ymOaBrt*erto<ua(hean«CworaWa;aVarnttsarnaia,wmnillAmStWTimntQARDKf, Broadwaf,,..,.Theyaremistaken,however,iftheysupposeBBTAJTTg' MIKSTRELS, Mackaaiaa* Han. *M Broadway.- aWaiiimiiaa, bosos, DA*UU, AC- »•>• r u n .to -___—__.RATIONAL TABIBTTEB. ChathamstreeL-Jt**rT*ITamong themselves—of Breckinridge and Lane, have the Tribune's statement to the effect that it can be no objection to a liberal expenditure Bell and Everett, Douglas and Johnson, and is genuine, and no proof to the contrary—thisWill close at half past ten o'clock thr.s morning.Tbe Naw YORI WBSXXT H«RAL3—Califoruia editioa—disposed to concur in this conclusion. On the cleverest exposition of the doctrines of free contrary, we believe that Lincoln may still be love, as taught by the philosophers of Berlini•4j,Ttm-ribtraliw . «... ...« J»A«TJCVl-»*l.r Ka«S tas t o Baal. ALL A w » W » T v a .V o l u m e X X V .•JTCUMBXTB THIS KVMIMO.HtBLO'S OARPKH, Broadway - I Aecat—CINMSKI I.A. Afternoon end B\ enter.ticable. Next,undertheimpressionthatthe ancewiththedoctrineoftbeeternalfitnessof Tteat Bora ftata—FisauMAS's 1>*AA* •Usw Taoarsi. South would be a unit in supportof Mr. Breck- things that her defence should appear in that WALLACE'S THBATKH, Broadway.-© H uwtCAli AMD inridge, we advised a general rally in the journal—the organ of the largest liberty In allYaa Fataus—Yosa« Acixaaa. North to his standard, as the short- matters, social as well as political. LAC'BAKKHnrSTHIATBB, Vath Broadway.-OVB est way to secure the- Northern ba-But bow is this to be done? In the outset, banker before named, and taken up with hersupposing the defeat of Lincoln to be the groom—whether he is a white or a black man meeting last evening. It was passed over as a Tbe Chicago Zouaves arrived this evening aad were re- oolntety disagreeable, oo much a matter of una****FT. LOCB, August 10,1840..Mo. B 4 « paramount object among the supporters of if not distinctly stated; but that does not sig- thing that never was. It is evident that the ceived by tbe National Guard. They will drill in Wash- labor that few ventured to make it. Th* temptiaguniBreckinridge, Bell and Douglas, we broached nify. Mrs. Gurney bas chosen to carry out in athe plan o f a system of fusion electoral tickets practical way the peculiar theories of a school Paaroaa- among them. But It was soon apparent that of philosophers with which the THbune hasthis scheme of co-operation was, as yet, imprac- long been identified, and it is quite in accord-Councilmen intend to let the matter lie I in ington theatre to-morrow aad leave for Spriofneld Mon-of the Cove, however, aad the prettily embower** *% lag places there, oflered temptations that eon > so easily resisted, and, accordingly, a considerate ather of yachtsmen went ashore, aad spent as hover a In tbe ambrosial enjoyment* which tbe locality tswet NodoubteachIndividualmightwritean"touiL journal of his experience, but as we were not aassga participants our own record is necessarily brie a fact, the unpropltious aspect of the weather, the Inert* clouds, t h e r e d a a d threatening sunset, aadthtancharacteroftheatmosphere,reversedmanyaprer* formed determination, and spoiled the fun that had ttm a part of the day's perspective.Tbe same untoward influences likewiat operated a p*j vent the interchange of t h e customary visits duriata evening, and tbe majority of tbe gentlemen reoaisUi1board their respective craft, pre erring to draw u»entertainment from their own social reservoirs. Atnineo'clockalivelybreezewasmaking«•.music among theriggingof thefleet,andbit;r*tur» drops o f rain drove trerj o n e t o seek t h e fnno shelter c f their cabins. About this time a e~AnnateAMCovzis. _____ lanceofpower.ButthelateSouthern The'etteritselfisoneofthemostextraordi-itbealegitimateclaimformoneyshonestlyranalittlewayandfeudead.Thenegroesfled,butH W BOW1CHY THBATBB. Beowy.-OAAjTAioa ROSA~ elections have dissipated this idea. Not yet nary publications of this most remarkable age. expended upon the entertainment of the Ja- were subsequently arrested. Uu Last Laca—irouiaa Faaaaa.BAKrail'sAMBKICAA*MUSKCM,Broadway.-Dayaad dispoeedtogiveuptheship,wenextrecom- Ifitisauthentic,ifithasreallybee»written paneseEmbassy,thepublichavearight[to The Cincinnati Embezzlement Case.Breaiux-KTuiorua, Boxes,, DASCSS, BOUMI B. U v u e mended the withdrawal—by an agreement by the proper hands of Mrs. Gurney—and we know tbe items which make up the bill. There COaJuaiTUM, AO.Cais-M. DaraxLBMaaca-ToODtas.FALACF. OABOBB, Foarteeolk «re«L-NacaoMaMCT- combine. But this proposition appears to havecialhistoryof therace,andaffordsftmarkedlaaraoaaa-rai.Coacast.CANTUBUBY OOHCKBT UA1X, MS Broadwaj.-Soaaa, Daaoaa, Bvaua«vaa, Aa• aw Work, Stotmrdtoy, Aaf mat 11, I860.SAILS FOft THE PACITIC. . _-u_^,. ^ ^ ^twiceasmuchtoentertainthem wewouldnot £xamii>ntion of n n Alleged Dishonest lookiog party, who bad been to Now Have• a wTli:' mail ateameb.p Northern Light, Capt. Tinklepaugh,will lea re thia port to day, at IUOO, for Atptnwall.The maila (or California aod other farts of the Pacificof a committee wto visited Boston the otljier day on some sanitary mission, which occupied abouta dayanda-half, and,could nothave cost more than two hundred dollars at the outside.his appearance at a fisal examination next Monday.F i r e a t H a m i l t o n , C . V \ . HAMILTON,C.W.,August10,IS40.J. M. Williams &Co."! kerosene oil works were burned last night. This is thefaecond time they have been de- stroyed this summer.J.li.Cross,theForger,Recaptured. PHILADIL?HU, August 10,1860.Y ork flerftld—Callfbrnl*Kdltlun.sity appear to have surrendered themselvesto the idea that the case L« foreclosed, and that6ive programme it would appear they purposetherecommendationbythemofajointstock ticket upon which all their supporters mightexample of the inevitable tendency of the doc- fallenuponthecandidates indicated likethe trines whichtheTribunephilosophershavead-voice of a man upon the winds or the angry vocated during the last ten or fifteen years. waves of the swelling sea. Commencing with abolitionism, the new tights of Spruce street passed on to Fourrisrism, so- With an overwhelming popular vote in the cialism, agrariauism, spiritualism and free-love- manufacturing and commercial States of the ism. Their avowed platform is free soil, freeNorth opposed to Lincoln, the several parties farms, free speech, free labor, and fres men, of in the field to which his defeat i3 thefirstneces- all colors and conditions. To that cosprehen-JapaneseAmbassadors,foritwasanevent Ashburtonextraditiontreaty,anddischargedMontaguefraught with tbe highest importance to the The money, amounting to 426,600, was delivered to th e1commercial interests of the country. If it cost Cincinnati detective.to add entire freedom for women. That is Mrs. Lincoln is already elected. We are not yet Gurney s platform. Her letter i3 by far theThat the Councilmen intend to pass this ap •oou'.a'.ngthelatesttatcUigeacefromallpartsoftha defeated.Themeansareathand;thereistime Heights,andendorsedindirectlybytheTri-propriationfor$105,000soonerorlateryreworld, with a large quantity o f local and nusccU&aPous avau-r,willUpublishedathalfpasta.cau'clocliiatbe BBOrBUlgBiagte oopiea, la wrappen, ready for mailing, M\X cents.enough yet to put them into shape for practical have no doubt, and when they consummate the bune.ThefactisthattheGnrneys,andallth?Atent* will illhla.pleasetend l atheirorders as early a s pos-The late Southern elections show that theBellandEverett partyinthat sectionhasbe-come a party of positive power—a great party lected Lincoln's organ as the medium whereby forthefuture,whatevermaybetheissueofthiselection. It has already achieved enough inTb* IVcivs. TheKuropeaamailsto theJSthult..broughtbyher apology for her escapade might be laid be-There«a.-adecidedimprovementinthewoather inbothsections—oftherepublicanparty,wKiFORAVOSTHKGAMBLINGHOCSt*.and<Jisocderlyhouseshascommenced. Marquis,afaro 17l,c,raw18c.Tberestofthemarketunchanged.point it stood a t twelve o'clock. A t tw© o'clock i thadfallentoS5.adifference of about sixdegrees. manifestationsofthestrengthofthisnewcon-Whiskey6rmer.arteenamongus. Thefirststepanteriortothe ifirm:Ohioat22c.,betholdersdemandanadvance formers,wholiveinthepurlieusofcriminalcourts.Th11egotncidirialappendagesoftbeoccasion,andyouUna* youarehavingthemostdelightfultimeiinag-.sab'eI's dressed, you will probably again go on deck. Ninecb&ao* oi t often a "good night 'eepar will be lighted, a.- : ia tujOroes,tbenotedforger,whoescapedonSaturdayonhis action, although there is no more time to waste rest of the Exeter Hall school of philanthropists, act we look to the (Jrand Jury to sift tbe w ;o!e way to the court to receive bis sentence, was recapturedin beating the empty air.matter to the bottom.News rrom thenational Capital.^ OCR SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH.§pWAMUM.TON.August10,sS'30 THECAMPAIGNINOH:Jare «i rapport with the abolition party on this side of the Atlantic; and, therefore, it was emi- nentlyproperthatMrs.Gurneyshouldhavese-tie stesmabip Europa. reached this city fromBoston lat.t erenfng. W e hare already giren the the conservative States of the South to recom- dience.at midnight by tbe officers he escaped fromAnni-rersnry o f the Bnttle o r Bennington. OGDENSBCBG, August 10,1840The anniversary of tbe battle of Bennington, Vermont, will b e celebrated a t Bennington o n t h e 10th instant. RosciusW.Juasoo,Esq,orOgdensburg,willdelivertbemainpointsofthenew*, received bytelejrrapa mendittothecordialsupportofthegreat Itmightbeaswell,however,toask,as thenominationofScottHarrisonandMr.Anderonbyths (rem Halifax a a d Boston, a n d this morning w esupply tbe details by the publication of letters from Union passes of the conservative States of the election of Lincoln is considered by many to Americans. The latter is son in-law of Nicholas Longworth, and very wealthy.THK coLcmsrs. onio, POSTXACTKILSUI:'.ThereseemstobesomedifucutystillabouttheColujm- ^btAdriaticisdueatthisport,withEuropeanad- Theywillmostprobablybeabsorbedinother lyengraftedintotheChicagoplatform?busPpstmastership.Mr.Dawson'sfriendswritethat(heijicedtotlielotinst. Theyarelookedfoiwith partyorganizations,aswerethefragmentsof Shallwehave,inadditiontofreenegroes, hasnotyetreceivedhiscommission. ThereasonasThe CanadaOutward Bonnit. HALIFAX, August 10, 1860.The steamship Canada,' ln going out of this harbor last night, got ashore. She will not sail until to night, possi- blyto-morrow,forLiverpool.CommerceofthePortorPhiladelphia. PmiADKi 1'HIA, August 10,1860.North. Should Lincoln be elected, what will be-Genoa, a n d extracts from o u r Knrapenn ulee. come of the clashing factions of the democracy? or not the Gurney plank is to be definite-Oar correspondents a t London, Paris, Berlin a n dbe a matter beyond reasonable doubt, whether(joQaiderable interest. PresidentBuchanan,accompaniedbyMissIjane,$ec reUry Toucey, and a l.irge party of ladies and fleotlemen, visited theGreatKaBtern.ini Annapolis ftu>ad.s, on Wednesday. A n account of the visit, with othermattersrespectingthepresentexhibitionof the Great Eastern, are given ia another column.• t h e K t a i p l e f t t h e C h e s a p e a k e , o n h e r r e t u r n t a N e w Joik, la»t e\euinjr.the whig party after their crushing defeat of 1852,andastheremainsoftheAmericanpartysigned here i s , that even h e is n o more orthodax tbfanhave been absorbed since kvG—theirfirstand Cabinet, intend to lay down the free love doc-Miller. SUiirnMJOF THKCABLVKT—TirB SENATORS-HIT.OXfT sJ^ 8TAffe-« *,last national battle.On the other nana, this Bell-Everett party, ment is to be conducted? Is Mrs. Gurney's let-GBOKCUAfoundedupontheUnionasitis,includingthe o r g a n i c i n s t i t u t i o n o f s l a v e r y i n t h e S o u t h e r nTh< Cabinet were aU in town and, fa council today, excejtGeneralCassandMr.Cobb. Thelatter is ex-t'tica—perhaps not half as large as your city be-irooa :caused b y a n overdose o f opium, prescribed b y P r .MacdonaldAllan,of447».randstreet. Thetesti- citementsresultingfromtheJohnBrownforay, belterideaoftheTribune'snotionsasto"free- ofunusuallylargesumsofmoneyduringthe)lastfiscalmony elicited is given in o u r report in another we had numerous Union meetings here, thereFlour steady and in moderate demand; Wheat dull ardlcliwersalesyesterdajAfternoon26,000bushelsred winter Ohio and Indiana at SI 10; this morning 2,000 bushels red Ohio at 41 (&; lxo-i bushels red winter Illi-dom''thanbyanyothermeans. Thevjuestion year,owingtothefailureofCongresstopassappropriji Itoetor,andalsoCensuredthedruggistwhoputup andeverywhere,toreassurethepeopleofthe isnow:howfarHon.MassaGreeleyandhislions. Theyarenotallofthemabletopayupatouco.column. Thejurynmderedaverdictagainstthethe prescription.to await the action ot the Grand Jury.South that their Northern brethren were not all fanatical, cut-throat, abolition revolutionists.one by one left their anchorage, and are again uade' h.i. candidate. Old Abe Lincoln, are willing to go Those who do not are to be removed and their sureties nois at 81 09»J. Corn steady: sales 60.000 bushels last tail. Tbe lowering clci.ds have giren place to the r ea*Dr. Allan waa held in *.">00 bondsprosexuted.THK REPORTED RF.-HGNATION OK SSf'SETART l'AS*.eveningal50c..andthismorning 12000bushels at the hie sky,butthelightbreezeprevailing froaitheso'.'.ajlsame rate: 9 (X0 bushels Toledo at 49 ic. Whiskey ward, and the hot sLants of sunshine that arc men- esi.f jThesessionoftheBoardofCoundlinen laste v e n i n g w a s o c c u p i e d i n t h e t r a n s a c t i o n o f r o u t i n ebusiness. T h e usual weekly statemeat o f t h e good work, then, be commenced, as usual, in Comptroller was received, from which it appearedtltattiebalanceinthetreasuryuptothe9thinst.*»s $4;3,153 17. Contracts were confirmed forpavingChathamstreettoHudsonriver,andGreen-wich street from Battery place to Gansevoortstreet, with Belgian pavement. The Board ad- readyelected.TheireportoltheresignationofVLr.CassasSecrctarjrO f S t a t e h a s u o o f f i c i a l f o u n d a t i o n / b u t i t i s p r e d i c t e d o nthe fact that his health has been failing for some moctlf* 147 CCO bushels ccm.jonrrtg<!ownuponus,girepromiseofanythingtintthai e x c i t i n p d a y ? s p o r t w h i c h H u p p e r m o s t i n t b e t h o w r n U of every }a-htsman.jojurneu till Monday, without taking any action on Uie Japanese swindle.*In the Supreme Court yesterday the motion for j» injunction restraining the Comptroller from paying the $IO.J,000 for the entertainment of thethesumnowonhandislessby $406,000thanitwa3the bi..-Le!s corn, 12.000 bushels oat- Shipments—1,300 asfie?hajudhandsomeasamorriiacg!»>ry and(rrv, ta»From the figures, as they at present show, it precet Ing week. Drafts have been issued for the payi bb's. flour 17 C00 bushels wheat, 69.000 bushels corn, quiet maniK-r in wbicli she makes her way along. eOrissaltout 1 5C0 lalog, closing on the basis of quotations given ia aootliei column. Hour waa less buoyant and active, especial y for State and Western brands, while SouthernWAIKRI.NG PLACE MATTIRS —At this season pleasure trave! shuuld beat its height, aud the watering places af-fected by our fashionaole EOO:.-U expect during the last ir.g scabirds. Such has been the bailing state of tbe three weeks of August to reap their harvest. So far, how v> :nd that some o f t h e fastest are in the rear, wh: e tteM 290 M»,l&3 10,7$QM.4S3 3^,153 —25,260 —recognises a common cause against a common enemy. And the Douglas party having fused with the Bell and Everett party in Georgia. whyshouldtheyhesitate to dothesamething inanyNorihernState:but in addition to the income which it brings us, we have that derived from supplying the rest of theworldwiththesurplusofourbreadstufaafter ourownwantsareprovidedfor. Owingtothe infinitevarietyofclimatethatistobefoundwith-500. reti rns from the counties come in slowly, noli1 ng beard from yet. half beThe Kentucky Election. LOCTSVILLE,August10,1S40.Sixtylfourcounties,mostlycomplete,giveCombsa maformerly only as a place for invalids a n d quiet old fogy families, but latterly it has beccme quite fast and fashion- able. There is very little travel to Canada just now. Tbe Montreal hoielkeepers complain bitterly, butexjwet to makeupforallshortcomingswhenthePrincearrives,ard gore to sleep.Time hangs be*rily on every band. One hard y ta-y*?to what to turn his band to dispel tbe ennui Thrown tbe iieet tbe lazy yachtsmen are amusing themse.vea is a variety of u-eya. Someare reading,somesleep.or.<»* ortwob'tve lunch spread octhecabin underthe a«a ings:afewhavelinesout,inthenope,perhaps,ofcoot- ii.ga shirk,and oneseientinc gentleman, aswe'A& throughourglass,half a milea*ay, isspending bistaw incatching theseanettles, whichfloatalongthe *leiflgagedIsrLiverpoolatlid.aU.'4d.,iahulkandbags; Boar was as. 1* London. tor wheat, ia ships bags, 12d.»asasked,aad3s.44.forHoar.The To«n ofSalisbury (Md.)NearlyDe- has been wonderfully improved,isoverrunwith visi- visionf>fnkturewbirhhasmadethemsuchmired*«— Sales ofThosedemonstrationsdidnoharm;butnowselvesrightonthisrecordwithoutfurther t h e y w o u l d d o m u c h p o s i t i v e g o o d . L e t t h e d e l a y .i.on.iia!atl:<e.Canalfreightsiirm. Lakeimports— 1X00 Mils flour, 41 0C0 bushels wheat, 8,000 bushels c m n , 6 CXx. . b u s b t I s o a t s E x ] > o r t s — 4 5 . 0 0 0 b u s h e l s w h e a t ,>s'.enal.thesmaller boatsgotunderweigbat«*"•* Flour dull and 6c a lO'v lower sales at 44 66 a 14 75 o'clock Tf e larger ones, like tbe Favorita, .'- • &fcrchoicespringextra,an.if4forsuperfine. Wheatfirm beccaand"Hersoftbesame division,startelat<4-—this commercial metropolis, and upon the basis oftheBellandEverettmovement,asthemost practical Union foundation of this crisis,and we> maysoonhavesucha response fromallsidesTHE CENSIS—GROWTH AND RESOURCES OK THE past.CHICAGO,August10,I960We are gratified to hear that in this city and State the Breckinridge men are very favorably disposed to a fusion with the Bell and Everett party. Sucha fusion has already beenconsum-may be confidently assumed that the total po- pulation of the Union will not fall short of thirty-two millions, being an increase of nearly11.500 bushel? oai*. 1reights (irra at 6c. on wheat, andby this one and that until a half a dozen or m - e ».-» passed, it Is ev dent that she bas a pair of heels that wJ sbcw their ueetnecs before the cruise is out.fore £ sympathizing and an appreciative au-Advices from Ohio represent that t h e democrats willcarry both Cincinnati districts this fall, oo account of the' address.free women ? Does the Hon. Massa Greeley,when he takes his seat in the Lincoln after all.Sosome oneelse maygettheappointmentAmour,tofexportsofthe week Amount of imports cf the weekMarkets. PHILADBXPHIA STOCK BOARD.483,123 610,240trine as one of the bases whereon the govern-ter to be considered as a semi-official declara-t i o n o f t h e p r i n c i p l e s w h e r e u p o n t h e n e w a d - p e c t e i h o m e t h i s w e e k , h a v i n g d o n e a l l h e c a n a t p r e s e n tT b e i « > g b t ( r t e n b e r t h s t h a t h a v e b e e n u s e d d u r : a g U* dnyassofas,havebeenspreadbytheservant,anaprt sett a t-troctb, unbrckeu surface, to your wear}States,isthenaturalantagonistof disunioniein ministrationistoconducted? Itspublicationat lver*)c.JNEWOKI-EAKS,August9,I860.\i, Cotton—Salesto-day460baits,including20new;prices limbs Tbetwostateroomsharebeendrawn<forbylathe present juncture must be consider-jtesterday,thoughinthemorningtherewereindi- seekstoabolishslaveryintheSouth,andc:theed in thelightofsuchadeclara- Th<usualhotweatherforayuponthegamblingue|ls 290bales.Flourdullat46C71,.Whiskey—Relined tf*astheingenuityofthecarpenterandupholsterercatcationsofanothersevereday.IntheHERALD Southernfire-eaters,whomaketheindefinite olrricethemercurydidnot get above 87,at which expansionofslaverythe testof their submis-tion, and it will be the duty of thedcale•fortenyearspast,was to-day-sentenced tot^rbemakeihem:butyouarecontentedanywhere. Ir.ttu may elbcw you while undressing, tread oo your toes, pr. your stockings in their boots,and doa miV'V.aaeojabeyance until the public attention is directed away from it, and the* to let it slip through without attracting any particular notice.day.Lastnightaboutteno'clocktwonegroesenteredthe that we are going to let it die out, for we are saloon of William PickersgUl, on Seneca street, sad be- coming troublesome, Ptckersglll attempted to eject them,determined to see it to the end. If it be, as it when one of tbe negroes drew a targe knife and made is universally believed, a gross fraud deliber- several lunges, which took effect on Mr. Salmon, a white atelyconcocted,itshould besquelched;or if man, v,howasjustthenpassingoutofthedoor SalmonTORONTO, August 14,1840. In the Cincinnati embezzlement ease to dsy, upon th e arrival of witnesses from Cincinnati and New Yerk, thecurious document marks a new era in the so- upon an occasion such as the visit of the magistrate decided that tbe case did not come under th ecomplain; but if S10">,000. or any part of litwas put to any other use, then we have strongC l e r k .CHICAGO, August 1 0 , 1800.John A. Bowman, alias John Anderson,was examinedstretch their legs, came oft from t h * f.ghua*. where, saturated, sleepy a u d hungry, they l u l arr^ after t w o hours o f patient a n i unprofitable enrt* Here they took a sman" " sharpy"—one of th* i»ui»>. culiar t o t b e ceighborhopd—ani were scul.ed tamp the fleet in search of their abiding place. The a^fa: •* dark as Erebus, and tbe tossing waves gave to u»» i ^ of the little aquatic family which, in accordant- wiu. t*.| rules of tbe Club, are always exposed at midn^L: ^ prarsnee like that of so many dancing jack o'att»nu * that something maybe imagined ofthe quaadarruj which the verdant young ceutlemen were ji A•-::_ i tempting to g e t home. Indeed, it often requ.-e* oo Ltae| topographicalknowledgeMthepartofaueij^rattrft yachtsman t o single o u t his own craft, to u ; n)Ui4f| aboutothers,whensurrounded bytwentyor ihinji of his neighbors in a Strang* harbor, especn../ vtn he bas been ofi on s visaing tour and has " ojie-Jit-compass" for the night.Our adventurers, however, are merely recr-its. mtheirtroublesmaybedivined when westatethatie«r spent no less than half an hour in devious »iade-aj from '-pillar to post," like Japhets in search of la* fathers, before they were safely ensconced on board HUB; ownboat.An evening on a yacht, by tbe way, Is no disirreetM incident in one's life—that is. all things being final v.- have experienced the pleasurable excitement* of the ii», thesail,therace,thebreeze, thesurroundingscene,sal arrived safely at anchorage. A clean shirt, a cleat fa*.. and an unexceptionable dinner, give you an enlargedof your o w n personal value; a n d , with a fragrant tenr! and a company of chosen spirits, you sit down os deck u | erjoytbepicturesthathang onthewallsofmetxorTa' tbeyachtsman'sbrain.Byapdbytberattlirgofrowlocksindicatesthesrrrti of a party. They come on board, spend ton or ufieeaa.a4 i.tes, tell half a dozen stories, aing aa many s.ingi.dj- pose of abottle of wioeanddepart. Othersfoiiow and with little variation the scene is repeated t i l s . l night, when every one is tired enough to enjoy h.sna bers with a zett that ccne but a cruising yachismaa ml ly knows.And when bedtime arrives, what comfortable luartrtboldouttheirinvitations. Yourcabinmaybeapeaoi?objections to make against levying that sum to-day before Commissioner Hayue, on a charge of pur-upon the taxpayers; just as we object to t^he loining letters from tbe Post office, where he was formerly Corporation charging $2,500 for the expenses a clerk, but left about the 15th of July. He give bail forPHILADI&PHIA. August 10,1840. Stock*firm;PennsylvaniaState 6's,95^,;Reading Railroad, 24>^, Morns Canal, 6 0 , ; Long Island Railroad,1 8 ; P e n n s y l v a n i a R a i l r o a d , 4 t ; , . S i g h t e x c h a n g e o o toarrangehisreturntotheSenateinplaceofsir. NewYorkatpartol-20thpercentpremium.conservative opposition to use the very exira yean In the penitentiary as a common gambler. In Urijiksion to the Union. We have had sufficient ordinary document which the TiHmne hastimes, when the city is full of members of Congress, anJ yellow 70c a 73c , mixed 70c. Provisions unchanged. one duf!!«g the operation is ample comprnsat OLfjrpromulgatedasaweaponagainsttheparty otherInfluentialpatronsoftheseestablishments,ourPiuiADi.lHu,August10,I860. Flour firm n e w superfine, $i> 5 0 a 4 5 ej'-f. Wheat firm, sales 5 (00 busbtle red at 41 30 a $1 3-=. white 41WiithUu-sametimeonthedaybefore. Intheaf-ternoon there was a good deal of air stirring, andadensemassofcloud,winchcameopaboutthree thereitwillhold;anditisupontheticketof theunhappysectienaldifferenceswhichhave whendulltimescomeon,thosewhodonotcomedovrn 60. Newrye70c. Cornfirm:sales6000bushelsyellow peasantmoonlightyouwillsitan1cooloff,uct;ipair©tclock,addedmuchto thecomfortand coolness ofthecity. Twofata!casesofsunstrokewerere- portedtotheCoroners.An inquest was held yesterday upon the !>odyof the infant sou of Mr. Robert Foster, o f No. 13:» Eastthisestablishednucleusofagreat partyinthe futurethatwenowcall uponthe independent Unionlovingmenofallpartiesandclassesin the North to rally.reductionoftherepublictosocialandpolitical willIrobablymakeacleansweep,as,iftheydon C^WEuo,August10,1840.ofrticwsye>elids battingt'igether driveyoutot-cos* bunkbelow,where,inthreeminutesafteryouaatuset| horizontal,yonaredreamipgcf"thegirlyouleftbea.jl",Morningcim«. Yuareup brightaniearly Ift>: oppcrtunsty is afforded, a dive and swim are enjoye! I Clothes are thrown looeely on for th* moment, aCM V coffee is Sipped preliminary to the breakfast, antf you fe* 1 as «e'.I conditioned for the day's sport as a mettiebooti |Our conservative financial, commercial and Eleventh street, whose death, it is alleged, w as manufacturing cities, in this movement^Bhouldtion now before the country is; how much further shall these things go? The Gurneyhubh money.TKOCBLS WITH POSTMASTERS' ACCOt'NTS.stitutional party in the South to satisfy us thatwhich is endeavoring to still further exciteoQlcers live in blissful ignorance o f their existence; buthandiorneryareprosecuted byasetofprofessionalin- at7r-c.;mixed 72c.a74c. Provisions firm. Whiskeyanarchy has already been taken. The ques- they rill be opeu to the suspicion of having receiv^<lFloutdullat4526forextraStale. Wheatsea;:e and but little doing saes 3,700 bushels No. 1 Illinois red winter on private terms Corn in good demand and >ic. a l c higher: rales 8,-00 Illinois at 54c . and 4,600 bushels do. a t 64>»c Other grains , | U O t Canal freights >a'c.It s rumored that the Post Office (Department experji lower or gram flour 27c,wheat 8c., corn 1%z. to New racehorse.letter gives some clue to the solution of this ences some difficulty in settlements with postmasters all Ycrk I.ako imports unimportant. Canal export—2,400 Such-issa night upon a yacht, and there are few - wVat once lead the way. Under the immediate ex- problem. From it w e are able to obtain a over I he country, who were allowed to become receivers br>)8. fieur lT.fcCO bushels wheat, 42 000 bushels corn. BiVFALO,August10,1840.have been"there ' who will not recocuise the desinpt.x asreadilyasifit4Jrpplic-dtotheirownindividualselvesON THK WAT. Whilewehavebeenwriting,however,th?f!-tUJT!on the Gurney platform? Let them put them-UMTKD STATES,—The census returns are rapidly amount of government money on deposit is f5 The >Ol-THE MARIN! CCARL OF THE S r s y ZHANXA 1. Captain Sims will leave <to morrow with a detachmeui one-thirdsince1850,whenthelast censuswas of fifty marines forthesteamship Serquehannah. Th?Tbe wind is too light, however, to test the autiit t af Flour unchanged. Whiskey iJ.auced '4c—at17c. arijoftr.cboats,andtheyworkalong astbey »-«:mJapanesewassetdownforTuesdaynext,andto matedinNewJersey,andweexpectthesame taken.Thehistoryofnocountry,eitherInan-officersofthevesselnavebeenorderedtoreportonth^mium.thing in Pennsylvania. Let the Bell and Everettparty push forward their cause. Thousandsofconservative old line whigs. Americans, demo ple, and in none have the agricultural andin- crats. and republicans, too, may be brought inLave preference over a ll other cases.The rotten market was steady yesterday, with salesofboth for the Eastward and for the South. The movements fair chance for the election of Bell or Everett as people who possses the amount of wealtti and Marshal hy 270: C. L. Boislinciere by 130. to the North this year. Tbe Saratoga season is only a fair what our captain reverently calls "the breath of t *cient or modern times, has exhibited the same extraordinarily rapid multiplication of Its peo-16thTwoo'Cidt -•? M Tbe yachts arc scattered over the Sound as farsiis*dustrial resources developed in their progress waaarm,andingooda>oaJdemandandforexporttothebytimelyandenergeticaction,whomaybekeptsuchevenpacewiththeirnumericalgrowth.electedthefollowingofficers:—A.C.Bernondy,Recorder^ever,asweliavebeenabletoascertain,tbepresentsea-slowoneshaveforgedahead.Tiielargerachoonera,bc»-Br the official vote of the couuty t h e democrats bavijWest ladles. Wheat was heavy, and closed at lower rat >e otherwise left out among the waste ammunition 1 eon bas not been remarkably gay. From Cape May, Old ever, thaSks to tbe creater area of canvass, lead toe 3*1,There are not, we will venture to say, on the by 2,5: over Kemble, independent, and 4,175 (fiver Nell aid are^w the edge of the bop/on taking advantage c'« for moat descriptions, while sales were to a fair extent. of the campaign. With half the electoral vote surface of the globe, any thirty-two millions of son, renul lican; Charles Roderman re-elected Jailor by Point Comfort and the Virginia Springs, we hear very lucky land breeze, and pushing along at a rate wh.cb•"!- Corn was la good demand and firmer, with purchases of the South to endorse them, there is now a 2,182 ojrer Blakely, republican: Peter Wiglan reelected good accounts, a great many Southerners refusing tocome •ocn send them out er signt. Now and then vtctuainflourandgramtbepastweek atthisporlrwillbeseen comfort enjoyed bythe inhabitants ofthese TheIoteforGovernoris—H.Jackson,J75;Gaxdenhirej one, and will uot turn outnearlysowell as thelast. I.'>rd.''butthe whifts last onlyasecond,andareajwst from the following table:— our next President, by casting the election into as tantalising as the c a m itse-lf.jorityftm,withascarcityofvessels.Gramwasagainen- Thehotelsarequitefull.TbeOceanHouse,whichgreat««n»ers,andspec:.at.DZup«ethatwouderf-pro^PROFLIGACY-TUBTHODCrrrLNTHBWb*U),-Tn«laboroithecityintheshapeofcontractors'jobsand isafailureofthecropsinonepartofthecountry,consumedbyfireonWednesday,tbe8thinst.Overof tfce Census Marshals in tWs city, althoughnot jot complete, indicates prstty clearly thattb4 population of the metropolis at the presenttimeisninehtukiredandfiftythousand,anin- Boards aregainedwasthetreatgiven to them tionsarisingfromanexclusive relianceonanyforty dwelling houses, stores. &c., were destroyed. Thetownisrepresentedasalmost incompleteruins.TheYork,Mr.Loosey;theBritishConsulsOartwright,of FiiiUdelphia, and Lousada, of Boston, are at present in Newport. Peoplewhoareacquaintedwithsuchmatters are very much puzzled to tell which way the crowd hasKIW LONDON. Afternearly-twelvehoursofimpatientdriftr.;.*•*have arrived at our destination. Tbe Gypsy cam a Sr»i. andwasfollowedbytbeZirga,MariaandFavwu.ffc t'eet came to anchor at tho 1 ^trance t> the h*rtxr ;IAI9*crease of four hundred aad thirty-four thousand by Mr. Swift, the offal contractor, the otherone of earth's products. In mineral wealth Pro- vidence has been equally bountiful to us. Our coal fields are tentimesthe extent of those ofGreatBritainorofanyothernation,whilstasconflagration swept away the stores of Rider A Toadvine, William Burkaeal, C. ields, a n d Bush's Hotel. Several other id their contents were partially destroyed, amount of personal property, goods, saved,thoughthe aggregatelossisverygreat, lesuffererswereinsuredintbeMutnalInsu-known,nutitissupposedtohavebeentheworkofan Us—«.uitethenustsensiblethicgtodouiide--a:yc:r firstnuLioksincethestart,theinterchangeui*•*•*four hundred andfifty-threeorer the populationas shown by the census of 1&0. This returnrefers to the city proper only, comprised withinth«limitsotManhattanIsland. IfwetaketheMetropolitanPoUcedistrict,whichiscomposedof the counties of New York, Kings (Brooklyn,)Richmond and Westchester, all of which maybe said to comprise New York, the populationwillturnouttobecloseuponamillionandahalf. Thus we shall count as the third city on part of the twoBoards. Infiveyears they have the;globeInpopulation,exclusiveofCanton, increasedmorethanone-third,notwithstanding Jeddo, and it may possibly be one or two otherant upon moving about in this conntry, where, as a gene- ral thing, tbe traveller is made as uncomfortable as possible and charged at the most exorbitant rate. So everybodythat cana.'lord th*time andmewygoesto Europe,whilethegeneralpublicselectsforitselfsome1the neigh lortood. i .reworks Tit u p t b e scene o t ^water, and the illuminated r:ggic2of the squ&dr '• re- liected ail the hues of the rainbow.On shore, the parlors of the l'-<)uct House were tSir *.TM withladiesand gentlemen. Asmall baudolm--e •*> present,amiincnesoinclinedperambulatedtoMh«? strains on the "light fantastic toe.' Nearly-all 1-.1 r " tlemenofthesquadronawii.bledhere,ar>ibe-*l£*day. A steamer was chartered, th e materials for a splendid collation put on board. and the members and their friends con- veyedtoBarrenIsland,where,wearetold, theyhadagoodtimegenerally.TheBrooklyn oflal contracts must be profitable affairs to war- rant such an expenditme a s this. In the e x - penses of the Fire Department we find similar Indicationsofanacwmimodating spiritontheregardsthepreciousmetals,noestimatecanbeformedoftherichesthatliehiddenintheauri-ranceCompanyofDelaware.Theoriginofthelireisnot quietplacewithincarpetbagdistanceoftbemetrcpo-INBBtxMfXTjj.—Thea general increase in the salaries of officials. A they are generally made up for by their super- significant indication of the manner in which abundance in another: and thus our people are the sweet voices of the members of the two never made to feel the sufferings and priva-Episcopal church, one of tbe oldest in too State, was de-surprising if the census now being taken thronged nth people,assembled to w.ivss the recep-Asiatic cities. London, Paris and New York, a decrease in the number of fires. There is a Judgeinour territoriallimits,wearenot dependent,of25.246.COBI-ORATScorporationofBrooklynseemsdeterminedto likeothernations,onanyoneclassofproduc-vie with that of New York in a reckless disre- tions: and are therefore exempt from the whole-gardofpublicopinion.Withinthelastmonthsalecalamitiestowhichadrought,afrost,orex-a large addition has been made to the taxation cessive* rains, frequently subject them. If there The Uwn of Salisbury, Somerset county, was nearly I Charlotte Cushman, the Consul Genera! of Austria for Newferous regions which yet remain to be explored In onr outlying States and Territories. Thus blessedbynature,andaidedbythepetaeve- ranceandenergywhicharethedominanttraits of the national character, it will not beincendiary.TheSouthern Excursion Party. BCFTALO,August10,I860.The Southern excursion party arrived, according topreviouskecounonueat.atteno'clock. Thedepotwascumstances.S y r i a n Massacres—A I a r d . Theundersigned,incompliancewiththespontaneous desiresofmanybenevolentfriends,aswellastheirown, Would respectfully invite those gentlemen who feel inte-restedinbehalfofthetensofthousandsofChristiansis Syria who have been made wretched wanderers, shelter- less and ready to perish with famine, by a most ruth- less and fanatical war. to meet at the American Tract So- ciety's House, next Monday, at three P. M., to devise mea- sures,forhavingthesubjectofsendingrelieftothese poor people brought as soou as possible beforo the churchesinanetlectiveandresponsiblemanner.amenities )4aa of the most agreeable character.V.c night wasclear andlively, aidmany an Mthemselves erf tbe occasion to visit yachts aad ca.. aa iriendsin[theirowncabin*. Theset.mesare -~*-' quite(efetivjeintheirnature,andff there isanytubu- tioc in a mans composition it is pretty aure to be p--»v nently developed. _.h,Thereare,severalwit*aadhumorists inthefleet.«»J keep every thng in a state of hfe wherever they go to say nothing of nrtats, professional and amateur sonpi*. and trentietcen of no particular calliag geoera-.y. * w contribute to make up the social mosaic of the cru^e.tbe introduction of the Ridgewood water and should exhibit results far more striking tion. Thr Mayor welcomed the visiters in a brief speech.than any that have as yet been anticipated.Clayton, of Mississippi, rerponded on th e part of hosejobonhandjustnowwhichwillcostthe Inthegrowthofthemetropolisalonewehave bisSouthernfriends,atconsiderablelength,inwhich,take the lead in consecutive order orer all thecitjes of the Christian world, and the growth ofNewYorkhasbeenmorerapidandwonderful necessityforit Iftherecklessexpenditureof populationhasbeenmakingaithoutpeopleTHIRDDAT. NEWLo>DOJt,Aug st8, l&-thanthatofeitheroftheEuropeancapitals. thelasttwelvemonthsis.perseveredin,what Wei should nit be .surprised if, in a quarter ofthecountrytowardseachother,theirmutualdependence, bving aware of their extent: and in the new cen- and exprdssed.IAMSSBROWN. FRS». 3 . W iv T o N ,WMC.AurxANT»ER, THOMAS L RI>BXOKK,Themorningissothickandmuggythattheyactu havebeendetainedseveralhoursfromthecontempt Am->m«»,l 'TK».» >«nn hwHf whatever, and it :i0U.fcity $20,000, although there is not a shadow ofafter retin-uing thanks for the courtesy extended to them,he rev ewed ',therelativepositionofthetwosectionsofJ>u„n...—JI..www.fultonhistory.coman example of the enormous strides which curI •£•<,>:Untitled DocumentSTATEOFTHICOVKHNirafTSTSANCBS.aud 2. a 3c. lower sales 35.000 bushels at S5c a 86c. tor the Maria be:ng the last to leave her anchorige pouring into Washington, and by the trst of 081,00), of which 43.272,000 is subject to draft. Tbe el -No. 2 sppr.jr, $1 a $1 00y, fort No. 1 red, in store. Corn Here fir tbe first time appeared the 7f lire » n*«The RepublicanConvectionm e t yesterday, and nomi-Ohio State Politics.C tvoiSKATT, August 10, I860.ArTrny n t ClerelavsUl.CurrsLAsro, August 10, 1440.easier, but quotations uucbanged. Receipts (new) to day piiests oo board, and tbe lucky occupants are at comfVtiBAI.TI.MOBS,August10,1860.Flour quiet and steiJy. Wheat steady. Corn firm: amount of mixing, but the fun that bubbles o.t of ever;ceipts forthelastweek were $1,810,000,butowingti> activeaid "jC.a >£c.higher: sales 18,000 bushelsat scroonerol ninetyfivetons,originallybu..ttf a».»••?. 4Ce. a48>2e , instore Oats dull al 22c. a 22>ic Re- but changed toher prevent rig before she UKCU*'.ta#September, the limit fixed for theirreoeption,as will indicate that Lincoln is by uo means al- it is expected that they will be fully completed. the psyment of drafts to the extent of over 42,500,000, ceipts—2 CCO bb'o finer, 11,400 bushels wheat, 69 000 water She is at tbis moment Just ol! oar beam ••»•. Hment >f $2,215,000, thus leaving a net balance of $l.i;o, 000.t'.jC. en curb to Buffalo, I per cent premium.sight exchange rates reduced to CINCINNATI, August 10, 1860Cotgre s through a sjstem of operations which United States. Our cotton crop is in it/elf 3,215. 3. T. .lackaon, 9.764, and Orr, 12,467. The repub Sharon Springs seems to be the resort of the people who The air is sultry, tbe sun piercing, and, altogether, t Utedfts.Emports.GBrifri*.OrA.FP. almostasufficientsourceofnationalprosperity;licansgureRollins'majorityintheSeconddistrictatcallthemselvesthecrcmedelauemr.SharonwasknownseemsasifoidBoreashadgivenhimselfageneralbx.iAJFlour, t o l a . . . . 40,7:2Wieal, buawak.aB3A?gtorn 47233?l-affc was rather timer, especially for prime.new mess were made at $1» a $19 24, sad of new prime at414.Sugarsweresteady,withtalesofabout409 thds.aad600boxes, at prices given in another place. CoCeewaaquiet and firm. Freights continued to ruleT h e M i s s o u r i E l e c t i o n .ST. Lora'August lb, 1950.eye can reach, looking In the distance like so mai.y slee?-Mess poi'. active at $19. Bar.n active at 114c. a 13c. Sightexchangeon New ^rk steadyat yt perceutpre-Every st:Ub of canws on board is snreed. even to IM awticgsof severaLof thebiats,and everyfttf:."i»J »viJantiheldaslungasitwillremain.(abouttbe26thofthepresentmonth).Newportshould bethecentreof attraction justnow.s t r o y e d b y F i r e . ters; the Atlantic, Bellevue and other hotels, hare a fairBALTIMORE,August14,1S40. shareofpatronage.SenatorandMrs.Douglas,Missfearedtoawaketheslumbersofthesilenttide." |notwithstanding great erlorts were made to save gene this year; but we apprehend that th e truth is tbe the Pt«(uet Houfe, and were received with a salv -f •'' tiilery a n d display o f rockets from t h e 6h>re "S*travelling public bassuflereu quits encugh from extor- yachts responded, and until after midnight the sba."P tionate landlords and the thousand minor miseries attend- crack of capuoc responded among the hills and vA ey»*\When we last dropped the pen which u record,*movement* of the yacht squadron, now on Ms i ] dayout. itsscoreofanchorshaujustbeenimbedam tbe pretty bay of NewHaree.a pistol shot a w u | J the renjed aad reaantie pronontery from wtuch gis-T thewarningraysoftheNewHaventight.beauty. In fact, tveij one is at a loss how to span•*.precious moments, nod the yachts move along a* il t«7ACCCST, T, U M Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069' tbe hope that brotherly feelings should a t 