 |ffny>a(aon last Wednesday evening,huge audience, yielding *l,«00. was diffuse.! Music, a feeUng of general satisfactionanother officeron Friday, at Norfolk, Va., his native State.thebnlldinr nearly one hundred yards, and through a board fence, but was, strange to tell, not mneh dIssguM, The two net re- cognised were shockingly mntlialid, tbeir headi torn taThe boiler was thrown across the street, pieces. carry-InIts aiiig away course fence and the wood-hoaM ofrili called"AmnBemento. Forthreeweeksinthe eryflushof theseasonthere had been no opera, and we firmly beUevo thatin the"Irish Heiress,"met with equal good fortune.Beaaty.ithaiagkMtoction of choice pahtt-,tothe23dofOc-from " Jouh Baoaoaaji has appeared laachieved a brilUant success, andandthroat, but was prcvenfeif ftmmiteam-engine" auiaiLTor." IteapaMeof dolagdoD rwelleheaen.c^at^ipaeDta>: fiiatiqStheirafter which they may return to this f~uithtrort'erf.postand awaitNOISELESS SEWINO IfA0HINE8. TH£ B£8T Ui D8E FOB FAMILY SEWINO.neer, and severely iojuribg C. C. Stearns, engineer.It will be observed that the above exploaioaa, reported since the date of the adrertiiement. occurredtheyoung,No. «M Broadway, New-York.foregoiangnd in one instance establishments, a fteieVifs friendlyctent excuse for the attendance of the most entire--orthodox. GraeeChinch,inProvidenceE.J., whichover by Bishop Clarke, has recently been endowed, through the generosity of certain parties. With a chitne of 16 bells, .costing from (90 toOn Saturday last, a large detachment of U. S. Cav- alry left the barracks at Jefferson to proceed to FortNo. 1S2THE ilLST IN THE WORLB. 35centsabattle.D. C. MOREHEAD, M D., No. 13 Walkcr-8t., N. Y.Sold all sts. by good druggit^illl Anotbrr Trinmpk of the Wheeler Sc!WILSON SEWING-MACHIVB which t«»k the high-est premium at the North Carolina StAte Fair heid at Raleigh. It is thus that mtrit Is ever triumphant. Of-la first-class establishmeat.lyCan any man who values his own life or that of his em- ployes, whohasoccsaion to use power, rest satisfied tillHThe main guard of the reccivtng-ship fTorth Caro- lina was turned over to a new Captain last week,tlieir indefatigable commander having been orderedacquaiated himself with the practical operatioa Send to Mo. IM Duane-at., for a pamphlet.THE NEW-YORKLBDOEB.;require repenr,ptendedthunder.By thh* law, the particular friend of Zamirl,fiend "in Der Freischutz,'' is a;MewH'frMB WaaUagtan.tBB XAII8A8 LiKD BALKS—THE CASE OF GEN' BABMT DISrOSKD Of.WAsmKOTOw, Sunday, Oct. 28. Hotwiftatanding the urgent applications for thedifferent ages.The Cgiires affiled to the new Winter styles for boys arethe following are the n wnben drawn this day DELAWARE LOrTEBIES.•f tba Interior has not regarded it as proper, under theneath thetropics, upto the ponderousbaritone force andThese machines make the lock-stitc^ alike on both sidM pf the i4'ams—tbo <inly Bticll cha'.cHnilot be raveled, sod the stiteb that is preferred for fsmily seiring arid manu- facMiriDK uffi oe No. Mimrwi^H^ law;^to submit the recommenJatlon to theFcauxsrangeswithPiiplliliT-i' ^"~-- 7i~^*-~'V^^- ^te^i*^*r^*«?i*kJyW--«*,._,-..JM!NSiMtdoa, who, with his liQMtfaK t^B grand tour of theat OpelttB, Ala.The worthy hmlly waelrmaosotvebre- uohawT father,The tallowlagThe pictures are saidothers, helef .Williams ft SnTEMS a recent work bywwijhis ownstafeplng frbmdsrhisfimllyIn:Amongsttotal ""ceipts do. last year, $l,351.3I»,PABTa,.TiigiBb ficeDery," with whichtober, »i,431 812-'9.Ilaymarket,happened to a snail Tillage, oocnrred here. Ttae assail portable engine and boiler recently pat ap by Hr. i A. Logan, on Haln-st., opposite Mrs. WIcklife's rerideoee, burst with tremendous force, Instantlv kUlIng Mr. Lo- gan, little Willie H. Wing, son of Dr. H. Wing, and two other'chargeofmurderh^iin^ captapTanlpor-:hadpfVAiy much plaMed.(for there aretwo)setofartistato continiM the receptions during the *aaia^ feason, and great anxiety i« felt among the Afaia p<ntioD of crealioB concemitag the distribu- lionofttieniuch-caivet^caidsofin'ritation. These twefHona hare b^en in past yeaia a decided fea-The reckoned as the fourteenth, an Indignant mob gathered "NavalandCommander military IntellliteBre.ner, nen,nameasndnotsekvneroewlny,aud^tstatlsyeIvnejruarlinogthTearrs-. Johnspa, scaldingand it]• to Whapad they will long eontjnoe to sustain following the Sid of December, 18M, should bevice when the order todrop hhn from the active listture liiiB of liTew^Tork and in^Brooklyn,that the dayImmediatelycame first.He hisbegan aaval life exactly fifiy-one Ten years' eiperitnfe has proved that in almost everyecglne" ean do that cannot be done by one of the smaller sice of EricssoD's Caloric Enghie. axoan explodUig with this frtghtfnl destruction of limb and lite. Eaios- BOH'aCALoaic Eaaim is as safe as a Franklia atove. U'waans or Frvx HoimasB of ram aai ur PaAOrioAL OnsATioic.EaioBSOH's CaLoato Eaain laay behad by the single"wfll attract their fuU share to their old |f^tiiicDaiiwonh'a.iniagineinvigoratesprogresses • success, and while Its. *=^l5ie Brooklya Operaphousewill provide the deceaaedoScer's«iii|^;il.lH. mii»cte«f ttwUcbat$iMO,eoe,A bids fair to eclipse anytlie usual burial.militaryescort forW«H(MrFroBti, Colaius, einlers, Beluas, BoorStoMera, Stidrs, ranlta,fce. Bvery 4eKTifCiMt ef lat bra Work forKtPLOSIONS.A*llt» atttiia, ope.tUifE fBMKiit. The Coikmittee, ^fmfXtMfaMS is Chafawm, expectenhMnd, demoHshlnr a portion of the wall, and serlona- ly tojuriog two persona.TH» KTSTXBT OP WILBWaW' ;'5**and or two of which cost twicearmiMktl which S. B. to have it entirely which time some Und of a variety of ""^ danemg will attract while worda of wisdom from cletical to the moral drama, will furnish suffi-rinn^has gonetosarvey-ash»al.eota|!tetedliyChri»aii88,^t«f eyjulug will be giren, Sonaisting'• Robert."profiuuntiea of the world, the flesh and the devil, arerepresented by deep tones, in the same way that thesuper-ootave.s, the harmonics, in their delicate breath-ings, are technically employed to portray the celestialphenomena of the empyrean. Hence the Infernalfather of the cluvalrlc, gambling, love-makhts Robert, Leavenworth, en route to Texas. Capt Mctstoaa Morehead'a Maclc Eye-Water.said Epoatponemant of the Kansas land sales, tlic Secretary tion and diablerie. From this point of departure be-«^tbe Sacrataiy Is, that If the lands of preemption shall overact. In others he is .splendid. The spot on aatteaoU) they wUl have the benefit of the tn-clve his sun is occasional ^se intonation, and-aMMbr Credit allowed by law for paring for the lands, which tfans beeosae subject (oprlvate entry.Tlw rieihliiiil baa made a decision in the case of yaa» Blsaii, WUeh wUt be promulgated througfa thetft |faT thBxelteaaeBt la the Baltiaiare Stock Market. BAi.Ti]toBZ, Sunday, Oct 28.- Xodi excitement exists in our Stock Market, aapntallj in North Carolina Cupper Mining Sccur-Ittas, which have woefully depreciate!. Some oftkm baTC become almost worthless, and all havegreatirdecllned.Several prominent dealers have been badly corner-ed, and are nnderstood to be in financial difficulties. Tlie exdtement is rising to high water mark. Some ftilnrea are already camored.Fmn BaTSBK aad Key West. CaiaLBSTOK, Friday, Oct. 2f>.FresideDtthat view, as is the case of those soonness. As aSome characters he sworn,The steamship IttbeL, from Havana, '15i, has course, acconipany their beloved chief.ishneas.antred.The Sugar market was unchanged. The crops werepromiflng.The Havana correspondent of tne Mercury says thel«poit la tmfoundeO that Spain is fitting- out a fleet at Havana to aid Mikamoh.The most interesting musical feature of the week, perhaps, was the debut of Caeiotta Path, the sister of "our Adiliita." A slight physical defect, which has prevented this, in every sense, charming girl from appearing on the stage, has thrown around her a ten-Flakle Ar I.yoB Bewlaf-lMaeMne Co.All nachlDes warranted to give better satisfactionm Thit Isnsoaan lai Litu,TheCotk with a cargo of l.ROO bales of cotton, bilgednja pres.sion. In this age ol vocal degeneracy, it is in- tlie U(b inst. on Loggerhead Shoal, Tortiigas. A deed a pleasant thing to meet such bnlliant and uner- tfalrd of her cargo would be saved dry and the rest ring execution, and such fiowiiig, natural and grace- Amaged. I\il ornament as are combined in Carlotta Patti.shipC«rro Gordo, from New-Orleans, bound tot re shaken by theJOHN HOOPEB N, B,—AdrertlstmentsThe English bark Louisa, Misioy, from Bailee, At the Winter Garden, or: Wednesday, Miss bound to Quecnstown, with mahogany ami dyewof^ds, CcSBMAM closed her long run of Me^ Mernlits, to thelu BAtayia. N. Y., on Thurs- dn.i. Oct. 26. by Rev. Dr. Tyler, Joseph J. Bowman, of and nio.-.t violent occurrin.ir about 6'4 o'clock, and New-York, to Olive 1-., daughter cfH. Kimberly, Esq.,OoL. Chas. Mat, U. 3. A.SMITH kNo. 46fi Broadway, near Orand-at;bad arrived leaking and was ualnadixjg. mgreatest of the many great gatherings which havelast-ii;: leu .set'(n;ds ;ofBatavia.Riv. Joshua LxAvm,RxT. D. W. Ctora, Agt., Am. BlUe UbIob, M. T. MESALUONS, VELVETS, TAPBSTBT, BBIgreeted her in this eni.:a^;eniem. The audience in- Hob. Beracliel T. Johiuon In Richmond. cluded many literary lions, and the face t-f the house Richmond, iSunday, Oc:. 2f?. was made especially brill'ttnt b> beauty and flowers Hon. Hekschel V. Johnson address^'d a large and all bright things which belong to woman. On the meetingofallpartiesherelajtnight,atlUcCliit>- lastthreenightsshehasgivenhercelebratedpicture hoose. He denounced the Breckinridge men in the of Quet-n Katharine, considered by some critics her severest terms, as disorganizers. t>olters and dUunion- masterpiece. No dramatic piciurc- can certainly sur- ists, and said that if Libccols was elecit'd, he might pass in truth her death scene, when, .-xs darkness Uimakthem for hi» election. He said that ^oulh Car- gathers arouLid her, .she catches at the air and tries to olina, Georgia, Alabama and Mississippi wuuld then escape from the cloud that i^ covering her. Miss6:i!0 o'clock:Ed.Riv. EswABB BaiSBI, Ed. Eooawiar, New-Tork.ta 1860, were »-f ,3S8one"To-day or the moat awfhl oalaaiities thai everNOWPDBLISBINOIN>.Boy,"which faUed atThe Monkey BLss Katwi's, is acheiving astantly called, and reached theaEOBU BAXtmO**.over the whole assemblage struck the first chord.land,of Parliament, declaringwas believed many that he was able to perform several years' ser-ofprocess of teething, should be fully sensible to the meriU cf Mrs. WissLOW's SooTHiHO Sraur.Mr«.Now,thereisnothingwhicha tmallportableiteam-i^lelt^ieaent deaetredty Mgh reputation.<'llM|BlWim.lK«et" wBJ, as usual, receive their together shouting Give us back our eleven days." service and fourteenwillafter the Syrup is administered. It not only relieves th?AT Uo'docifc.,MBW KTOKT.if|i>1i«'fa.t&» "Studio Bladings," while the"out-Could we not. with this story in our memory, almostHe was nineteen years and nine monthsCapt. SAKriKs' death makes no. change in the;Miss Joii GouaiBBtm, who opened at the Lyceum.scene of casualty In a very short time, but too late. The Utile hadAcotiatA, Afimoaiktiraday night destroyedttom iaagst." ..-'jmDiPEpaaau CALAam-fivi Lint Lon.—tmmCoIlInsvUle. Ind., dated on tbellth lostaot, saysCaaal Tolls.Albaxt. Saturiay,TM Oct. 27.dlftresslnaand heart-rending ac- made »dMtpeDite effort to cut hiaHtSTORIAir,:,, ;secede, and there would be a dis&olutlon of the Union.He thanked God that he was for the Union, and onthe right side. He declared himself for the rights ofthe States, and for the Constitution and the Union. other great characters for a few nights. On Monday, A correspondent of the yatwnal Intelligencer writesCHINA AND GLASS, Comprising2S8 PIECES AT $75 PER SET.No.He spoke for 2ii hours, gave great satlsfaition to Ids hearers, and was loudly applauded.BoIoisaB G. HsTco's Position. BurrALO, Saturday, Oct. 27.Hob. Solomon G. Hatin has written a letter to the Breckinridge Central Committee for Eric County,In your issue of tiie 22d inst. I read an account of the discovery of a cave in Florida. In whichBxmLIDTHE FAStlLT PAPER.A handsome sheet, OSl-himself to act with the Democracy in opoo-1is to direct the attention of American historians orpledgingsit on to the Eepubiicans, if elected to Congresswhereupon Caxlos Cobb, the Breckinridge nomineelor Congress, has declined to accept the nomination. of Mouiai's celebrated "Malade Imaginalre," bySenator Toomlio ! 9IoBtg;omerj. HoiftwiiaaT, Ala., Saturday, Oct,27.Chas. Rxadx, entitledPhysic and Fancy," and theTka I«KiHgtoB BBd St. I40bIs Kallroad. St. Lons, Saturday, Oct. 27.VYVTTTTTTTBBS SS3OThe Overlandnightly,story of their end but as for their ;ghostsStillman.—J.,onSunday morning,Wholesale Trade supplied en tha.ISSO. offered auy premia»to LosBights.The Old Bowery is no more. Once, under theword of it. It Is a libel on tlie dead. Ing ghosts of those men, full of pityThe sympathla-OF THE PUBLIC LANDS. Republics na of the 9th. 16th and 20th Wards, and allfrieud'v to the ctuae, are invited to meet at Jkck- son-eqnare, corner of 8th-av. and 13tfa-8t., on WBDNES- DAYLVEN'ING, Oct. 31, at t^ o'clock, to respond to the nomination for Corgreaa ofAU6C8T0S F. DOW. ChTahrelesfoAl.loDwainag,sTnheeaokedrosrewUl address the meeting:Tilton, Channoey Shaffer,Ethan Allen, Joseph N. IsaacLnckey. Dayton. Slgla.OB native whisky at the late Fair, the Ju.dge" «*»JJ^Ange.es on the 8th inst. Congratulatory Mayor of Los Angales of Supervisors at SanFBEEDOMgraphmeaaagcs passtd between theand the President of the BoardFrancisco. Senator Lathai. set the first pole east of loa Angeles, and left for the Sutes theandtoed and your Boorboma reportea aaWhisky (Bourbonial-Po«iessiB« "'!^o'.199-Bonrbon fine arcma.the second beat ta 2:28It IsatreetbelewJb. Ote-s iijs takta wr;fe Cnr.I.ENnKR,Sot. 63 {« 68 Ciasif-St. piM«*iBvnhirai udt«utbirc§t.MMM-^'»ra>n . toi^-rg-:tK. .^i.^..track.withhold comment un-Thethe pnblic is called to the works of recent date now;BaknluVery heavyTli«sWa«tfBwa Race Coarse.laOOUTIUI,Ky.,Saturday,Oct.27. The Woodlawn Coarse races closed to^lay. Jf<d«e won the three mile heat, agahist Diet Turpinand rajmore, hi 7:43K and IMH.Fire la FUladelpkia. PHiLABnraiA, Saturday, Oct. 17.^in occnnedhisspeak more of tUs matter, wetfi further developments shall put us in possessionallau-.Second. The flames were eonflnedtoeach week furnishes some fresh charmwop.rt.er,Sew 0:1-.duced ten perThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comcent, for cash. PHELANBIOHABDSON.*iMtaasalBaaBilii-r;, „r„j Springwhere Kiis hasCommittee of:Ccshhan's days are nows drawing to u close, and hav-ing devoted so large a period of her engagement to Meg Merrilies. she can only appear in each of herTnK Lately Discovkkkd Cate in Florida.—McCocBT.-IdthisCitv.onTuesday and Wednesday she pl:iys La<ty Macbeth. After her engagement at the Garden, she purposes playing at Baltimore," Philadelphia and Doston, and returning to Rome with Miss Stebbins early in the:" VIll." was placed upon the stage, has earned for Mr. FaxMBicxs, the stage manager, much well-deservedSaturday,27,,,(The I'opular Author.lTogether with eight splendid short stories all complete.Spring. The care and good taste with which praise.Henrybeautiful new written expressly I6r storyAt Miss Keenk'b, "Aileen Aroon "two nights more, and then gives way to an adaptationaa our stock of them"" Beggars Opera," which is to introduce two fair can-ed^seholarRICHupwar'ds, PoeiDsandheaatifolselccti-jnsfortheFanillyCircle,t4adidates for popular favor and MxLviN and Miss Wiij.ot,>naT.Workshop and the Karm-honae, all for TWO CK.VTS PER COPY.FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.News hand in your orders at once. AgentsAdvertisements inserted low.ROSS k T0U8ET,fame. Miss Both ladies are Eng- lish, but have been in this gountry sometime, whensteed to circus measure will be heardMOKEHEAD^MAOTC EYE-WATEK."' THE BEST IN THE WORLD.Arrangements. f^f!rryS,»?i»TjP«T.jiti»-.« StTNDAT MERCCRT.bringwhen finished, as solid and enduring as it canbeRiven in Wednesday's papers when thethemlikeaare justly regarded as the only safe cathartic aad attaoa-metropolitanthe Eternal City in the tenth and concludes century,nav, HannOB It Vaiu, of this city, for iron for the to lay the first stone of his new theatre. They have terdetmhbelicrognsTt*ructionCaopftt.hellglitestlre length of the road from Farmers' City to Lex- shot all the rubbish, and now proceed to the more walls, one day last week, with his entire faml- Ji5" Paterson,.when by * o clock, aJobn L. of the Sandkbs,.on LerAnd weav ea a song of meUncholy joy ."filled the Academy ofTHE NKW-TOBR JbK^fWB.PABT D. BEAST tO-O^,•'3 -to deal lii a bass voice, and grate harsh mulodluus pleased wpth appearancebehasof an entirely SAFS motoe, Ericsson's Calurlc Engine.redThe melodrama follows the same canonthebass.cut-throats and house-breakers arefor duty at the barracks, where Ids exercises 'drillingeach. The names of the donors, withsocb soitahle inscriptions as they may select, will To find a bass voice musically good is rare. It Is a regular Zouave battalion out of the North'sBeady TO-DAY at 12 »'$1JWbeAe ehnrch intend to place four/ illuminated dials in Ike tower, whicb lieing at the height of ninety- four feet &am the ground, will be visible from allquarters of the City. The clockwork will be sohoarse..men, who miiy be seen daily carrying their muskets " cru- cifixion lasiiion" in the Navy-yard with the greatest e»se. The recruits at the barrucks are aoout to be gan. The lower deep which Minva describes when instructed in the same difficult man«uvre. includingfli* No. 605 BroadwayJ.Vew-York.always isaeiibed upon the bells. The corporation of generally rough and s&tundne. But a truly melliflu-may be prosecuted with profit. Capt. Rsad has madeOFFICUL DKAtriNOS, BT TKLEaSAPH, OF TBB I.BOAI.IZBD I,OTTERIB8.WOOD, EDDT k CO., KANAOEKaof the-DELAWAXC, KENTUCKY, AKD HISSOOBI STATEnranced bell*inmnaicaltonea.fundities,andtothoseofFoehss. Hislow£flatisaf.clearasawhistle. Whenhebulliesandcajolesilicein the same breath, on that E flat, she is more than Ne/.tfLxE, mate, of the schooner Carrie Hanf'ird, InThe undersigned Coaunlssionen, appointedby(feei^^ous bass voice Aiakes it the grandest of organs, whetherBaymond.wish to directin song or oratory, Fosuxs has a certainlyor-RogersdtlathenumberoC tbeLEDQEB,fabegran.lLucifer engaged in the fall trade, and was "nine the chin-strap salute.PARENTAL ATTINTION to the importflnt fact that a gr.-atSAVING IN BOyS' CLOTniNtt'ma.v be effected by purchasing from their uew alsck ofBoTS Cape and other Overcoats, &c. i^YS' Dres:- t.tid Schoid Soils.EXTREMELY MODKRATB.N04. 121, 123 aud va 1 ulton- St., andLOTTERIES, AUTHORIZED BT THE LEaiSLATTTRE.ttat tin will be rung upon the days" getting down, is comparable to mu^ical pro-A Sbaman Dbowns Himself to Escape beinqTO-DAT at U o'clock, wiU be oomiunced tkoijIllKUcation of a tale nader the abOTC tttle, byCobb. The scene of this story Is bud la tkewoman if she cduUi resist, for "the sex delighteth in the opposiie to itself," and the most potent ris-i-ns to a aoprana-s/ogato—or a four-story treble —Is certainlythe I'idted States District Court for the Eastern Dis-:themanly undergroiind'^souorityafore-intenseof the strength. detennLna-followingWheeler dc Wilsonpony'sMannfaotnriacCom-flat,symbolizlng^anhood,SEWlNf; M-*CHINES, WithH-mraer-t,tlinders CjrdersandMarkers,he isto be ofierad In Minnesota. The relief suggested by is not particularly eflectivi' in. through a tendency to on the American schooner Carrie SaftffoT^, In the portsingerunequal.deposessay.sthat heshipped as a seamanBroadway. Willrox dc GIbbs' Sewlng-Machlae. JJAMES DUNCAN. of New Tork, and the perscnagei who Igin iaj| Otrculart, wntalning scheiats for the nonth, vUI be'once actaally walked tke atreett oC thI* OHrt 1MBremarked, to music. And as to volume, too, we hare had no such largeness as his. If the Opera Is to succeed, it will be In the possession of such nat-board of said schooner, and struck him repeatedlyOUVCR CRANK. JAS. WILLCaX, Mannfacturer.foundlywith his fist and kicked him with his feet in the head,No. K« Broadway, Herr-York.a tala of leader aad demMl UmK" Huguenots."The other operatic triumph of the evening was gainedby Fabbbi, whose perforitiance was received with all the honors due to an incomparable masterpiece ofWith the accessions of D'Obht and Natau, the company, though the creation of but a fewweeks,willwearunusualstrengthandcarryarooms. Bathing Sopporters, ShooUerBraaea, Trasses,Saspensorj*Bandores, .SiU: Elastic Stockings, Rnee-said schooner, Thomas Haogbtt told the mate to put aoppraMloB, healiaganyirritationorInflaaMatlon.aaterite herptddly borne; gad threagh tt alt«^executive art.It au«netloer.higherregions, clear-when hepublic (>f Mexico, and back to any port of discharge exaibioed more than twenty different klndlft CO., WilBlnxton/S«L, or St. Louis, Ho.lingers-Is limited.Also, on hand the following, which ic^re parchased by;Hr. Toombs spoke to an audience of 2,000 per- sona here last night. He urged resistance to the death in case of the election of LiacoL5.EleetiOB ! NewIHexIco.St. Louis, Friday, Oct. 20.Ju4ge.*EnBTHiJtT, who introduced a bill at the laat sesakm of the New-Mexican Legislature, for the repeal of Slavery, has been reelected without oppo-<lfo,>lBdStLoalfKallroad,contracted with Choc- espieghrieand./!nc«e. ThismorningMr.Wallaceis duringthe severest storms thtis far, onlya slight tJiLOic.t,.'..*B,.—WInillM'i^anmrr.Hc.,.C>ro«ni-liy£:ecrh:i,l,dnr,toyf. KD,avTi.dtte J»WStriLfm^^il>>^k wniit^jljijjhaod the rest of the nxAery tUIow this weA. Ua killed M!" Aa Ab ylj ^akOw-Wei/itftiNrfc »v>-'«.*v <.»tmfv^^^-^~-. —rw-* -. itii III liillifciwlne^ aa* open* the TarleUe* en the iMk Marenker, wkh her non and iBcmtli. akefeU tttwrnH iBl luMaiilli tf^mwaand " fcW toaaXUM}^ f"f<i PucfeaMaafaaMn?, ihst at* qalte &••by Cnaaua Tm^nfesrMtrnmrwa^t^BuSa-faeaOe.ThetotMlossis PUyhigwithFire."BiscompanyooatateaMx.t^^'lLIbo^thoVf"^ S3*e!rirttbiw5T"THE OBBAT: ft»aMClH»»»-«P**t«ft'l—wed.Czckoz JoBDAa, A. H. OavnmK, Mux BamrCair-FFNrau. Bass, (stage manager,) Miss CaaauHTB getherWiththetoterrol almostatOpelika.Ala.Ga., Saturday. Oot. 27.nine stores„The Canal tolls lor the third week ol October,"^P'iS!?!?^ £.*!.'*«'!* •'^' "»• peat Stock, to- iLStantdeath. Drs. hemorihage.producedtUaessay"thattkejDeatnpiba^reTHCMi-soit " and Mrs. W. H. Lbiobioh.0»li and BaSw were ahaost in-. which anyMy oaa BBBi«<t'UdBY H0».in the United States. That on or aboutSth of October, 1860, said schooner being then in theof Tampico ais aforesaid, atabout 12 o'clock in tlie < lay, Noah Lbb, the first mate of said sclmoner, maliciously assailed one Wzuiahs, a seaman onI ftBfnt Though he is regarded as havingtk^Bledtto orders of UeuL-Gen. Seen, he is, in con-MentioB of distinguislied military services, merelyflgkfif tAdally' eeasiued. 6en. HAXnr lias been 'urally-gifted artists a3 Foxvbs. Lot him. If possible,ij^e aone weeks, awalflng the Execative determlna- soon be beard In his best character, Marcel, in the wounds Inflicted upon the bead, race, shoulders and orRupture. Ladies walted-sptm by afemale la privatea certain heaviness of method. Buisings in a medium tone, when have we had. such a pure, rich, sympathetic bass voice, with exactly that niusic^ quality which is IndLipeiisable, it may be pro-and atter come weeks* expednce wita WnXCOX & GIBBS' PateDt,he haapnrcYaaed obs of them, a£ fcbe be^t adapted Co the wants of and as the learnt liable to hiafaadl^July S, rata.;Friday,him face that most ftieering prospect of success. The Franco- to escape further punishment and probable death, said WiLUAMS, in the frenzy of despair, jumped overboard, where affiant saw himjn the water for life, and called the attention of said Taos. Haooitt to the fact for the purpose of going to his relief, when said Haooit said,Italian detachment seem to feel 'conscious of this and are about starting on a concert tour.where theie ate properly oaderstood and nad*." A Beaatlfkl OeatplesioB » ta deaii«4.kr aU" Tbis article Is withont a rival as a beautlfler of the sUa and oomplexion. Sold by all druggists and laney-goadaMax Mabxtexk, we are informed. Is endeavoring toJ.B. 8TAFF0KIP8IROn AMD SCLiFHtrR FOWI>KX*«(sod,fciiT BvTiiAun ABB Fssm no Bum*,of Mexico. Signor Ealiri. who has recently wedded and refused to give him any relief, and affiant sawPrealdrnt BarhBaan for the TjOdger does write, and boys his hata from the hatter OEO. WHITEa pretty American actress, Miss^ McWaltbbs, Is 8aidto be engaged, and Messrs. Josi, and Livt will, ofno Action, that No, 2U;than others in orany market, money refunded. Agentswanted. No.538BROADWAY.Kew-York.aalphar, identical with that existing in th* blood of a per- ectlT tnalthj venoo. Uniting withth* <jg«teAsuccess atthe admirable maniaement of Messrs. Wrbatlbt andgreatthe Arch-stree:. Philadelphia, under breathed her last, and a girlVU^ VR e*f7 New-York TmutpaorfaTgnreaspdha^y, the Ittk October, IM^ will show to all sach porehaaen teAat « i»aU ptrtaMtSakbibs hadWc have heard that in Eng- famous Naval Board, although ittb.1t is dearto her in lifobefore the orchestra had when the old style was changed into new by actthat the elegant multitude of Wednesday evening, finding about the best bit of their seasonthecoi^reets acidity, and gives tone and energy to the wholeshriveled up,ears of Mr. Uliiiak,"ejaculateU(tlewaslacUnedtoaphissy.stea.instantlyrelteraIntheEpglae Atfscy,in theGive us back our three weeks." Not to dwell on the past, Mr. Foans has with Usgripingand suppliant The great basso {irofondo made bis first appearance,upon ber pedestal.since from askbls^etuinEurope,Bertram, In thethe Vixen are to submit .a_^^^^^^ OroTer Be Balter>o Oelekratedliniiopilly. gcooo.LowxLL, Maaa.. Oct. The boiler for heating SulToIkthedethronedliftedgoddessofsongandplacedher once more for a timeglHotfairlyupBaiUttkca^4o<«(in*iaBaBkthe laws ofIn all his sulf hureous rharactertzatious. Is commanded them, and Is said to have been highly supposed the ofjhemen.operr,^Byparallelism,theat.—Hill exploded, killing Walter W. Brlggs, aaaistant-eogi-Bt STLTuma Owa. tm.-'S« tMMwhelmed with grief.byagent, has recoveredcomedy RommceandRealitjF'atthe saildeepergriefbysomeofbisClabkb.recentlyjiopular dramaticMr.a severe ilhiess.reft of reasonBaoDOB, the once popular basso, andthecident, sought, fa his fre»i^.,eJSto bis own life. HeMr. ofseizedaknife,A letterNavy, who served in the War of It-U, die!PmilebAn infant's pangs are a mother'sCapt. been placed on the retired list by theiuffeilngs,years ago, receiving his appointment from Virginia, and performed since then nearly fifteen years of seayears five months shore duty.Instance where the infant is suffering from pain and ex-be found to fifteen or twenty iqinuteaHe wThe Commandant of the Norfolk Yardengine, or is numbers, at the CaloiMNo. IM Oaane, comer of Hndsoo-st.. in the CRy of Ncw- Tbrk.'i.sl*r. potarfet.fifthin rankamongIt will aliatntbowels laid wlDd>eolic. and overeooe confoliloas, which, if not'speedily ceBe4ied,end in death.Beatin to Dbatb.—The1 eeii preferred against Thouas HAOOETr,trict ol a Louisiana,preliminary hearing was had on Several witnesses were sworn- wliose testimony varied little, "rhe affida-vit, wlich is published in the New-Orleans papers,the substance of the which re- pres£-nts testimony,veals a case of cruelty which has scarcely a parallel : I'erfcoi.ally appeared before me. the unlerslgaeJ United States Commissioner for the Eastern Districtof Louisi:uia, William Waltow, who, bei-ig dulyNo. 214 Broadway.Friday, the 19th inst.Ettra Clait No. S13, Oi:t. 71. 18W.42, 29, 62, IT, 41, 69. 2, 38, 3, 56, 45, 13, 28. ClattNo.SU.Oci.Tl.lteB.T5, 44, 31, 73, 14, 27, I. 62, 60, 36, 63, 59, 78.Witness oar hands, at Wilmington, DeL, Oct. 27, ige* GEORGE C. OOBDON,JOSEPH SEAL,andof Peiusacola, in the early part of September, I860, to perform said trip to the port of Tatr4>tco. Re-portJ . K. SVAFVOR9'8 OUfTB VAK.irpaa Outb Tab a naaua. Its hraiing hai aale odors are breaght la dlroet eostaat with tht Ifakhsg Bembruiaa of theon the shoulders and body, and also used a bil- heavyDr. Kanh eeadaaea M «rvl7 Ua rsAeal cnr* Tnus with snccess In effectlag csres oTHertdaVrmcUel TulmmM eS Uuletofwooduponhim,str&lzigliimwiththe same,so as to cause blood to flow very profusely from theAfe'-MU^aadWanr Ouva Ta> is rasn dmb Sseas, it (oncfaa aneqaaled soothing aad healing urap far coughs and aU throat diseases.body of said Williaks that after said ;NoahLii,first mate as aforesaid, had got through beating, kick,down, andand body while down, helpless and bleedingrepeatedlykickinghiro in thehead, ;Ladies. Use PHALON'B '^Snow White OrieoUl Cream construct an operatic corps for the musical Invasion " Let the son of a go, we don't want him," dealers in the United SUtes. Price, n eenta par bottioTork, aad by alt druggists^said Williams sink beneath the water. Affiant there-fore charges said Tho3. Hagoet, master of saidschooner, and Noah Lbi, first mate thereof, with hav-ing with malice prepense, caused the death of said Broadway is the Emporium of Fashion. Williams, and with having wilfully comraitt d thecrime of murder, against the peace, the dignity and the laws of the United States of America.The Earthoitakx in Cakasa.—A letter from St. Simon, in Lower Canada, states that the earth-along the road found their horses struck with terror, al delight. She is pronounced by tne most accomplish- so that they would nol an-.' the ofAre a soluble of iroa aaC preparationTke SiereoaeojPie Umivmrtmm—WHpLKSALS der interest which has lent to her .success an addition- quake was severely felt there. "Persons driving aii'i Rrtail. E. ANTHONT, No 501 Broadrfav. C»ta-The Spanish Veiie2uelaMinister,tue Spanish Consulat La^ayra, and V^ Spanish eoiisrants &om Vene- ed critic < even superior 10 her sister. Her style is as the groimd 'was such that they expected to b---Ingties sent on receipt of stamp. PnOTOGRAFHIC tLA- TFRIALS for anlliteuia aad the trada.MARRIED.— .P3ICS On DOLLAXA Pacxasx. At M2 Broadway, N:v-York, and aUA PaxrsixT comAimrs TxaTtaoauie raoa 'oUowIng and many other well-known prominentiADTERTIBINO AOBNGTFOB ALL NEWSPAPXBS PI^LISBV THBOUaHOUT THE UNITED STATES ABB BRITISH PBOTINCSa:No. 41 Park-row, New-Tork Tlmat 1auela, had arrived vt Havana.Key West advices are also to the 23d.charming for simplicity of e.-ipres.-ion as for its grate- ful truth of intouation. She >lng3 without pretence or affectation, leaving the melody to make its own im-out of the carriage. The houses shook and the floorsand roofs creaked awfully. Met. working on the roadcould hardly keep on their leg:-., and the ft nco-postswrft'.LMtS—FiNKNElO.-t.'Jl. at .-!t. Matttev.'slChurch, by Rev. Mr. Stiuison, Mt?ti>:N H. Holmes tz Jswnie, dj^ughterof J«raes W. rii.kney E-g.nk,'proceed, unheavltig thrownDnggisti.phenomenon."a k Iter from Kjviere Otielle. we learn that thepersons, will be sent to any address, ytva ty awiJ.Ji 00. inserted at thaunemployed.child from but psin,stomach aod bowels,Reg- retired cotem-knockingVigs peeshareImprovementsoverall. ThisIstheonlyplaoeBycros^ on the siuiitnit oi the tlturcri-sleet'Ie, with therock surmoMtiting it. were both knoeked'dovvn by the Oct. 25. by Rev. Mr, \"inl. .Iaues fcsiiTii Connoe. of Div- slitfck. and the vvalts of the church sank in several etijiort. Inw-ji, to HrVRIFTTA M. JOHNSO-*!.. Of PoUgh-copy.ington,sixtyBiUea,BliichIstobecompletedIntwelve solidwork. Theveteranhimselfislahighfeather. fyr.aniRteportsaysthatonemanwhorecentlyspenta Palmer-—InScbncctadv,onThursdayafternoon,Oct. O 'O»<» andtumors,wherererlocated. Uleeratalsonis—months. The road connects at the former place with At Niblo's,Mr.FoKREST appears,to-night in Othello. night In the building could not be induced to try the25, Th'.was f.. son of fee late Thomas Palmer, Esq., in the ri4rh year of his atre.0000000000000000000000000000 BALLOCS PATENTbronchitis and all the diatresaing diseaaea Ihalupon tbe Inngs, aad If aBche^aa,cod la fatal ihUMg."the Pacific Railroad. Tlie above contract involves a On Thursday The Dead Heart" was produced, to experimentagain. Airy phantoms disturbed hisulease ronv.quarter of a million of dollars. The rails are to be carry the rather heavy burden of the off night. It Is around him, and among the rest, the veritable ghosts CopniNGToN.-In the City of Rahway, N. J., on Thurs-are subdued tbls Bymanufactured here of Blissonrl iron.a matter of gloom and thunder, and things of that ter- rible class, and will hardly suffice to sustain such an engagement as Mr. Fosaxsi's, who shares after $100of the two brave but unfortunate men who perished day, Oct. 2o, Mart L. Inuan. daughter of the late Henry 1-iinan, and wile cf S^mith Coddiogton.TOA NEW 8TTLB OF SHIRT. WARRANTED FIT,Hade to measure at fIS, $18, $M, etc., etc., per dozen. No order made fur leas than half-a-dozen shirts.BaLLOO BROTHERS, No. V>» Broadway, Kew-Toik.nsnal Urmt SETENTB CONOKESSIONAL DISTRICT.The Fmciae Bad Atlaatie Foar Skiih,Teleprsph.w avcs. Now, those men, it is true, went down alive into the remorseless deep, with none to tell the dismalneral without further notice, on Monday, 29th inst., at SP.M. Cars'eavcat n A M and 12M.In Plainfleld, N,Oct. 28. JeSEpn Stillman, airt-d R2 years.Hi" friends, and those ol his sons, Thos. B, Stillman and Wm. Ja«. Stillman, of thia Citr. are reapectfully la- viled to attend hia funeral, from his late residence, in i-lainaeld, to-morrow, (Tuesday,) at 2 o'clock. P. M., without further notice.Oct. 27.Mailbringsthegratifyingnews itis,canscarcelycompensateforthelossesontheoffSaturday,ol the completion of the Pacific and Atlantic Tele-and whoseattraction, consequently, greatascoming back and hatmttng the new structure, to terrify and torment their successors, we dont believe one singleof Mr. Jaoxson ana Mr. Hahbiix, it wrasfor their would be the successors,last In ghostsstood and Davxspobt and theand Booth has raged," The otsi oftown. Various are the conjecturesas to the causesTroUlBsPark, at Geneva, resulted as follows our actors now have played the general utility.tiat lioat Flora Temple won In 2:32, Patckeri leading to The New Bowery now usurps the field, and fromfbe three-giarter pole four lengths In advance, and the enrruy its fliTOWing V shoe In the first quarter. Fatr.ken won retain it.Flora the third heat in2:29. Patcken distanced Flora in the fourth heat. ble wonders andWe however, of this unfortunate affair. presume,as CENTS A BOTTLB.miU""«m;- business about suMet andwain.iinm ANDSTRAIHAMBBOTWATKBHBATDia.Weare to HEAT aad prlvata IibM prapand pubUcgranger.from some secret"• ^ «H''beloaded,tookItfro"?cxamihlng it. It was ac^iidcntally ,di»:'>a'5^'l',„^""'ing yards of variorueseecp<,d.,o-r!e,d^,r,i,^,b,n,r,.s. this evemng at No. 130 Walnut- ucs to heap unceasing wonder onnot supposed tol''"l',="'°bany, leaTvhirneg^MfCuht-tarta.taiatkiiat 7 A.M.,10A.M.Mld6 IstnagnstialHOT WATEB or BTEAEMstiaatas glwia«^."^^fstm 'ml"i!ke Ittsfll,ii„.ma^-.^i^^ „.„„ j^„, „,,„,,, „^.,,.,.^^^.*^*t^*nJAbout a dozen stonecfellthekccr-fe. N. Y.duringsho( k. Ourii forniant .si)ei:k- of three siiocks—the first Be WMAN—Kl^nl:[^LV ^pl.'ices.hiriinr>sGaxxa, Washington, Col. Sahiixi, Colt, Hartford, Oonaiat £ .H o'clock. The 'high grounds.suffered lessthanDIED.FALL IMPORTATIONS OF OHCHCE STTLBianother lasted four minutes, at and ih'.- last, of four seconds' duration,L0I7NSBEBY,the plains.At.St.Vallier.Bcllechasse,hprecedingshockwas l^^cfiwifeofHumplireyH.Crary,Irlsq.,aged2tjyears.al.so obser>'ed at 2 .\. M. The relatives a :id f-.lendsef the fiirnlly are reSLiecttu'iy •.At Green Island, a severe shock was felt at 6J4 iovited to aitf nd her funeral, on Sui.day. the 28th inat.. o'clock,withaheavyreport,likethatofacatmon, atIko'.-lokP.M..fromNo.esWatt-st.,cornerofmade (o the northwest, lasting about ten minutes. Wa^hiDBtoT-.gff" Newhtir^hpni-crsolc.'.necrp.y.out the anchor, wJien it wa.s discovered that she was In 12 fatlioms of water.A ship off Kamouraska felt the shock, and the cap- Ma;£E.—In tlii-. City, on .'^aDday, Oct. 2&, Mrs. Rbdbc- tain, thinking her aground, orriered the pilot to throw CA O. Maveu, ffiaoT? of James Maver. and daughter ofKit. O. F. A. Spranss, Bnttemati, H. T. B«T. Da. Lbobaxb, Exeter, N. H.BENDFOBAPAICFHLST.UREAT REDUCTION IN CHINA AND GLASS.THREE-PLY AND INGBAIN 0ARPETT8. ENOLISH AND AMERICAN OIL-CLOTHS, ta BeatstylesEnglishVELVETS,tl9ito$1MperBest styles English TAPESTRY, ats. to fl per laiC8TODART riANOS.ANDBRAND, SQUARE PIOOOLO.At St. -lean Port Joli, China vases were thrown down and broken.—Toronto Globe, Ort. 24.attend her funeral, onI'irst Prestyterian Church, corner of 6th-av. and lUh- st.at10o'clock,A.M. Herremainswillbetakento Elizabetb, N. J.age.Her remriins wll! be tal:en to Greenwood Cemetery,from her late residence. No. 249 38th-st., corner of 9th-asfollows "China, and the Glass is Rich Cut and Engraved Bohe- mian Glass ware, the whole forming a service fit for thiquiet,—visions, apparitions,R iswuw shattered haaaattgrBadway's Bemedlca a<« sold bydrontiats rrerrwhera. BADWAT k Ca,^o.g7ohn-et..TT. T.AMERICAN IBTSTITrTE. NSW-YOEE, Oct. 20.ToJokn tail 4 Co., No. 14 Broadway :veryLane was to London. But the universe to haunt the prave man who should fear-managementYork whatthe light of other days is faded." Like the lilyI'll headandperish." (Texas) of the SUi, has the foUowing hang my A'xfrf.i-s,othersDruryJ0rSchenectady papers pleaseto New-BaeeBetweeaFloraTempleudUeorse ThatoncewasmistressoftheHeld^andflourished. TiSRiBLK Ltncbinq Aftaik.—The Navarreo-The race l)etween the celebrated horsilLP»<c»<naiid*Ioro IVnipJe, over the Whiic-ble citizens of this all memliers of our Coimty county,Court, w ere found hung in the public square of this"'V GsNXvi. Saturday, Oc„ 27.to attendhisat sM o'clock, from his late reaidence. No. 48, Bond-st.,furtherBOTNTON'8Fatehen.Mr.Wood'sreignhasbeenashortandnotbyany markableparagraphinvited withou tfuneral, notice.on 79th Inat., Monda.T, thesame day.Holmes.-inp,Oct. 26, Mr. Silas Hoiaia, of this City, in the I«threspectfun|.^gMcELBATH.means a merTy one, and henceforththe of the tramp" 2d On Thursday morning, thefourrespecta-OEORGE PECKHAK,the'oaxAT snccxss ofPIERCE EGAN'.S NEW STOETLADt''mACD;OB, THE WONDER OF KINGSWOOD CHASE, inTHE SDNDAY MEHCCBY OP YESTERDAY.An extra edition ready at aU the News thia MpOtamorning^THOSB F1.ATED TEA SETS.are beautiful, beautifal—and cheap, very They the very for 1863.—lessly step into their shoes. HingbamJournal.Atcopy. Eastareenwich. R. I., on Friday morn-an eiceUent flavor andVerythat it was owing to the fact that they were members have exhibited, wUl probably of the County Court. In saying this, we mu't hereje" SOLD BY ALLGOOp DBUGGISTS.      MBRCANTil,E~I,IBRAItTOF DEPABTMENT DUPLIOATB;_^ ,managersreigna, as ever, over a world of illimit-conduct oldelights. The strangerdomam of enchantment finds a surfeit of sweets..BOOKS FOR SALE, Oct. IT. 18M.KITCUBMJUIS AMB WtUUSM9m AMXBICAN 8AKM>VXK KHOHENKB. a BB* and splendid Baage, Jait «BBiat*A ««Mi.h» aanMSf^AiS^STSSSt^' ABBaSS stOted for wood or eoal. wmTit vSSiSS BAKGB,"'"' ""'J *'"" t" crowdedfeastisthepu.zle. Thebegta within this1fferedLibrary andandhivit- ^"^"- °' 'he startled"Marble"Sayeheap-eepectally HOXHIAT PATTERNShippopotamusI'.':-.-.il> ...^i.::^ ui-, —- >.:::l;_i:c-,VH p"a".f;1 *-5l'eJaJv?e:Untitled DocumentTOit,enter our declaration that we know of notheirs which deserved such a severe penalty. have thought the presence of the Chief JusUcc couldwho enters saved them from such a fate. As we wiU hereafterall the facts connected with this mehincholy"' ""'"ren, and the Siamese A Father Accidentally Shoots his Daugh-JliV""TtwLm?,s aI'nd Wh'a'.t""i's!'I't ' and the A,,uaria, vie mlow rates Nemeaia,'"' Mill on the Floss,"H^us iw contin-with the Now-To«aaaar, at lew prices. 'wkiBUrBUtoftlieeaaBtnr.br .^^gK.and''''^""f'^ "^'^ o'n°'ttSie"H?« seated stepBOTNIOM Kf,W9*aBltt«St«^inscn-iption certifying that it waswa-s found a Latininhabited or visited by Europeans in the eleventh century. Ol this ijiow there can be no doubt, if this discovery is true ;Sind, conscquenlly, ouT- Continent was known to the people of Europe before its dis- covery by CoLCMBtrs. But that is not the only pointbest tables In theWe are only enabled to offerthe alWre at thia low ratain consequence of haviag secured theoi from th( manu-facturer at a for cash, and in flxiag the great bargain,our customers the full benefit *t the ^want to notice in this connection. My object Wiseman's treatise on 'TAe Connection between SciencegivenThose desirous of securing one of the above sets wiUwluchfor antiquarians to a similar statement in Cardinaland Revealed Religion,' in which thataccomplish- and arehieologist states it for a fact, when speaking of the aborigines of America, that there are manuscripts in the 'V^atican library at Rome whichsay that this country was known to Missionaries ofin at low rate's. Europe,DECORATED DINNER SETS from $11 RICH DECORATED TEA SETS from $8 upwards.BRONZES, PARIAN GOODS, Ac, &c., to. E. V. HAUGHWOUT k CO.,>"03. 488, <9eand'l92 Brnadwayi corner of Broome-st.Her remaies will arrive at nisi st. Station or llud-on they, fortunately, attracted the attention of Mr. Db that efiect. ^l have not the work now- before me.) K'ver Railroad at 10 o"cl«.ck this mnrninsr. and car-OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCHKKHHK)Wholesale AgeaM.Waldeb, Miss Kebne's general director, who is inde- or 40 work was written (30ri.-.u-eo be a.-..-l reuir.-..years since) prove that this fatigable in his researches for youth, beaut>- and continent vs-as kr'twTi to the Northmen before it wasigenius. Miss Willocohet appeared at "the French Opera House, New-Orleaus, last season, as xccunda ff<m4ia to Madame GazzanI' A. •, « Playing with Fire " has proved to Mr. Wal- LACK the keenest of sickles, and he is nightly reaping a golden crop. Mrs, Hoet flirts with an exquisitediscovered by Coli^mbcsSatnruuy.'let.'-:, in -nth"* ;.ndo TrTrrrrrr tttt tttt msssa'' oO FFFFFFrr YTY TTY 8S3S3S83 O ons,operateTilt records foimd in the Danish archives since thisrovided toccnvej tho friends tj HacKecsacko •>-o _ o R.R.K.; ^butthislastdevelopment,iftrue, as 1 have above said, removes all dould of that interesting fact.''—Minot's I.riKJF. LiGHT-HOrsK. Tlie interior ofthis structure is being rapidly completed. The w urk- inen labor on it night and day. The wood-work of the house, we believe, is entirely of oak, .ind will be,Mae. Jans Duasos, aged IC years, U lir. di.va.•all our beautiesto her feetTMteidsy, the Vice-President of the Lexington to gather lessons in the delicate science from her made. Workmen at work in the light, report that funeri.l will taLf rlrrfC. O FFT,charm, which shouldhealing emollieat, aaA;mund KauBknann. H. Eye^ Fon, A. J. Dltteahoeffer,at folk, Va., on Wednesday evemng. Mr. J"!".'-the more standard publications. _ JOS. H. LECOUB,Chairman of_Committee on Duplicate Books for sale.PHEI.AN'8 BrLL,IASD~TABIDES ANnCOYBIKATIOV CUSHIONS.well as wholesale, at the old estabUahment ofLUCIUa HABT, Nos 4 aud « Burling-shP._BICHABDSOH, BOTNTONi»B.-A most heart-rending accident occurred Nbwxll went home fromhis UtUe sonfinding playingm Idi and "w"h"U*ei1RAILRpAD.-FalI arraDgemwt 'gaa'E!"*^^,"?! New-York to Al-daughter,) alittle girt of nine Sutiuners, w;a.sNew improvements, patented Sept. 3S. ItflO.Prioes re-Fli..BukiogdirecteonneetionsCentral BaOroad. Passenger can pycfcass^tloketsjad have their baggaga checked throngh to aU priaolpMr.M7^NBwrLL'sgettlr,^ her lesson, when the pistol ,w»*subject~"fantastic shapes flittedpowartal palmoale. laCPROTlED FSENCH TOKK SHIRTSi coirsTnuTiOBA]. aaaxBT towhen the iron light-house yielded to the stormy The friends ofthelamllv arc Invited to atteid the fu-inst.,~D. C. MOKEPffEAD, M. D., No. 19 Walker-et.. New-York.and others,Byorder of _ChaIrmascompassionpaased uponoffcr sale at thefjflice. in go.id order and atat the Down-Townsoeh aahnckshot, whichhadMtered firHffirfceeatInfant" Lo, St the couch where Infant beauty slsers.Hersilentwatchthemoumtalmotkerkeeps; ."he, while the lovely babe anconaclous lies,sufferingsyourchild rei! whileundergoing the palafulWIekllffe.'.' "haustion, relief,;.; !J^^#Connor—Johnson.—Iti—Poughfcrepsie. on Thursday,Umo. Law, Esq., 6tii-av., New-Tork. Siatxon DKAFxa, Esq. , Banker, New-Tork. Thcxlow Wxxd, Esh.. Albany, N. T.Oin. Durr D.^.LOWEST CASH ADVANCE Refereaoe—Messrs. Rathohs, Wbsut Ot„eri of this paper.RICH CARPETING^Thcmpson.—Insumpticn, Mart Thohpson.please call early,Notice will ijftOFPI\oTn. Saund- O FFFFFgana, the pllla soothe.felt. Ahiahiibk, wlio superintend- day. O FFFFFhouse, dined within its Sr.r^h F.. Giilmor. of Nt w-Yurk i:ity. ORadwat'9 Rxkovatuis RxaoLTXBToblitecataialltfa- blemishtbefaceor n roehaiaga^ Memphis papersthe <h)r PatentedNov.1.isoe. _„__ canresortwiththeassnnuice«fpanaaaeBtrdlef.N".J-,andOrange County papers please Oorders that serofnlfliu peorasotbeof the eyes, emptions ltoe,aaLslumbering child with pensive eyes,BWillie was blown the end of throughand all would she gladly sacriflc« to by afford it relief. Parents, jon th»t have witnessed the—>-aaMii«^^OF DIABT STRAINThe U. S. steamerof Nantucket, which was discoveredof the Cunard mall-steamer Atia. The officers of SON k BBOTHXR'S Iroa Works, aBtk-it.,M-aT.;aiii injuring John Dntcher, oTKent, Connecticut. Damtgefull and intelligible report of investigations to the authorities at Washington,byCaptainbnUdiagMtb-st., New-Tork.- i it-'"'•-.:theparpoM, ma&nfaotnred atJAKES U JAOK-Lxa,boilerofPliitnerSmitk'aBoTS' Fa: Suits for ryGovernor of the State of Delaware t« the inperintenddrawings of the DeUvare State Lottery, do oertuy thatSend for a circular. ^^^^^^Ihe uBdersigned, lo G-jnotaatlDodre, ml^aioaaryBulled tree of charge by sending toWOOD, EDDTbas the machiQe>. six ofnawing-Caps. aad all surgical, appliances, by MARSH k CO., ing and striking said Williams, the master of No. aVe»ey-st., New-York, opposite St. Paul's ohorcii.round his neck andmenced himself to beat, kick and maltreat said WilBatekelor's Hair Dye> W^lca aaJ'^apeoo. -This celebrated cstabliahment is removed to No. IS Bonl- it. Twelve private rooms tor the ap'plloation of his EUir Dye—the best extant BATCHELOR'S and Tou-ropeLiAus in an iidiuman and brutal manner,Wanr Ours Tas n amns.soncentrated enratlra peven raadar It a moot fpeedj aad efficientPAOr AjnnHILATOK.Oiaet TVirts not ttielcf—ioet aot iiteeUr.Fifty oeats a bottle, at No. ttl Broadway, Ktw-a sombre rein of iaseratable oiystiolMa, saeh aa aafrnnfreaaently eoveloia like a palL the Ufa at a Iwho Urea only far tbe gratitcatiaa of his okia^ai^r'hanghim and then com- up,This is the truth, of courseFnlton-st.. Brooklyn.In Wilton, Conn., on Wednealar,CRAP.r.— In this City, on Thursday. Oct, 25, Emilt, be-tbp late Dr. Robert N. Halsted, of Eli2al>ethtown.J.The frierids ol the f..niily are respectfully invited toOn aad after23d inst., we shall oiler for sale 600 FULL SERVICES OKTuesday,the 3Cth lost., from theOct.27, Sasab McEwEN, wife of Henry McCourt, in the 28th year of herThe friends andat 2aged 21 J-c.-.rs.The remairs wil' be t-iken to the Evergreen Cemetery,this fMonday) mcrning, at 9 o'clock, from No. 258 West atth-st.ef con-Her remains will be taken to Stratford, Conn., forin- terroert on Tuesday, Oct. 30.U'xsTEPVEtT.—In Yorktown, Westchester County, N. Y.. on Friday night. Oct. 26, Catuarinb, wifecf Itev. S. I>. Wester^elt, in the 43d year of her age.The friends of the family are rcsoectfiiUy invited tocountry.Monuav.) at 2 o'clock. relatives are respectfully Invited.Liv.. thlsda.T,.qusrto containing thirty-twoNevils —In this en ritv.THE FAMILY PAPB£^Tbe first number will contain the oommeaoeaientCvOct.o'clock, Mr-. F^LtjiA BntRR VcviL'S, wife of Mr. Isaac IVivius, and only daughter df Mrs. Margaret A. Gould,hia yeTahreorfelatiavgees.andfrieadaofthefamilyarereaT«etfallygecrCor. etaryAjnerlcanlJUti-Saturday,The China is the very rimST qcalitt of White French The first Number of the New Weekly Paper, Ftiee Twa Cents, all original,on Oct. Brooklyn, Sunday, 28,De Baun'i ?' or words to Church, Ha^k' nsBck, N. J., at 'Jo'dockP. M.. this day.his remarks on the subject by asking the question, attend the funer^il .^t-rvices. in Rc-v. Mr.'\N"ho canenliphtcniis on the*„.IiiCK.-;-N.—Ic Mount V,>rnf.r., Wcjtchestcr County, onBADWAT'S BE6ULATIN6 RLLS. WARBAKTEO TO OPERATE IK SIX HOirB&Badwat's RisuLATiBa PiLU, vegetable aad laaNa-andreUereinfromthrnatosixhsnrsi 81kpills are equal to thirty of ^he drastic pellets aarchargacrelatives areinvited to attend the funtrra!. this (Monday) aftf-rnocn, Oct. 27. at 2 o'clock, from the refiderice of her f-ithcr, Dtck-Th- frieTjd^ andrtspectfullyGeorges(.n. No. ij Ipt av.. Mount Vernon. Westchester Concty.Train." leave iTthat. at 950 A. M. and 12: IB P. M.FtiBiis.-On Oct. 27. Casolika Saturday evening.TrcRER, wife cf Rev. Jdhn A. Burris.O FFF O FFFYYT TTT BBSTTT TTT 888TYYVT 833withealoatel and other corrosive minerals. r 8SS O Theyattention of members of and of the Aaaoclationn*.„.oB.*i<iiOn»ao.88SSS888 888388OO O.BOILER'Niw-OBLXAifS.Oct. SS.^The boUer-of Chemical WorksIfasa.. Oct. M.—Asew Faper Mill exploded, sertonsly and probably fataU>Tboot.Its Vtmgt, Beliertttg at eaee any pain orThit mrau Bnaar itTbit SnaaeiBiB thb DisBKiaB,Thit Raesi,ixa rax Sxaaannn or fax Sear, Arm Aaa a Srxoirto rozi all Fxhalx Wa.LBaBasarate we hare reduction.TffiS FAMILY PAPER. EXTnLIBTHE MOUNTAIN BANDIT, «aTHE BRIDE OF SAN CARLOS. By Aooostos Comstock,Mr. HaughwontFarm, " veryand Seal,'"' Life for a Life," ic., &c.; as also some of A general assortment of fine plated ware at recad as •^ "'iTUESDAY,The heat manufactured.Warsrooxuk 'will SX aSAPT OB WEDNESDAY MORNING, Oct. SI,0-- FFF FT TYY TTT 8S8 8SS OFFFFF O FFFFFO latlion.,theycontrolfevermildly evacuating the fcew-O F»833BBS OTTY TTTTT iTTTTT883 SS8 O.-»__«.- '''* **NisTOfft Stana,ImitptrndfUl, K. T.•O remove the cause. Instead aC O ela, they disturbingBOSS k TOtfSET, WhaUeale Agaak.umns of matter, written for original exm'eislythey never fail. Egnallslng the distarbej droa-;wrenching, convulsing and Irritating the dlachargiagar-tive ftohrelyadalreea palneadsacnhtiltdoretna.ke.Being coated with aaii^ O gamU, 1880. daOy from with in the moat iGxbts:The Institute not havingBATES.FITRNACES.tBtfc. 'fe 00- Mb. ilD Caaal-st. NewT;«c%_<((  