 1€bc Ntitf-lltttir €itmg, jtttttg/ ^cfiwiri>tr le, i»<wlewJcTaey. TDKFirstTkawofCabstrboqsbtbbBkr-XBE PACZFZC RAHiROAD.run over in Broadway, by a stage, and badly hurt. Heeealtb oOlpPASiiMliiaiMj AibaiIcCAuNWOMEN.GtaefeiibeTg Company's DterTM,. o .__nnd MilHii Pvtas Coopxa, Washisston G. Ho.ti.Bx-Cov.erence for any particular route between the Atlantic and Pacffic, but -argued the need of a Pacific Railroad,panyecthusiastic cheers by the.strong.8*«DiLI-HoTiLwr.waselectedPresident,fine.laborerswhohadgatheredthere,a nearly400i|z.•afeaSB and others, Vice-PresidentsDanes of delicacies for the table, in return forthey wnt fur garments, which were of 'better quality«•rto««ntlemen. very Bvenof^ who were present,boughtEvery other night a ball was given, to which theIrtlllliyiMIISlof Secretaries wa. also submittedforthe aad reception ofthe Prince of Wales in this City,would be conferred uponthat commerce that had had its origin IdGreeceand-calmioatedinAmerica. TheobjectofAt this point it was proposed that the meeting A German lad, named Louis, aged 14 years, who, son, Thoaaas Bowen,Riley.Floor dull andwas crowing—SoNTAC, with his assistants, was engaged mostnnchanged. WBEAidnll andlliig was to promote the eonstnictlon of a rail- mad from Itaw-Yoik to San Francisco through aor ^WB territory—not thiongh that of a foreign territory. mspabllccBterpilse lie looked upon as feasible—as;lUl iiwemployed inAt Proven geologicaleaathatooold'te gaalwantofaKBieylntbe coanti7;The Chairman concurred in his remarks, and by way of concluding the busbiess of the evening,box alludedto,tive of South Carolina, and the carpenter of the Ex-Wlieattkeii>csent«zlstingthe boy Louis usually brought it up stairs in the morn- he the tin boxtbe firat GriimelExpedition under Dx Havbn. HaCMMlt-andfcgoedVimsTteific Railroad, ample In its provisions and at thesuant to adjournment, the President, W. J. Pecx, in the Chair.A communication was received from all the Justicesthat we might put below the deck-load of lumber in- ed, and committed for trial by Justice QDACKxinnsB. tended for our Winter housing, and otherwise better On Wednesday evening Enos Payne, a colored prepare the vessel for the ice encoimters. We put to man, went to the store of Henry Basch, No. 53 Grand- sea again at the earliest practicable moment and en-.-Alrast, Thurdsay, Nov. 15—4 P. IL J'lous moderately active and steady in price..—»,« cautious and well in its restric- time guardedJames Shay, supposed to be one of them, was arrest-Michigan, $1 40«»1 ;os. This charter piovldes that no debt shall be tto Staetod when the amount thereof shall render the 1 indebtedness of the Company greater than the _Jamountofitsassetsactuallypaidin,granted,or doaated to said Company, that can or may be applied;haps 80", he would, during the month of October, State, tl 27. Oats dull'a numeioua and a<topted. few were in atte«d«.ceregardLieut. Washiwoton .V. Bartlbtt showed theTiAL.Gen. SATfDFoas has caused the arrest of CoLferrwy-hheorueses,coestruetion at the;and make Uian that could be any«he« w« »of a Pacific road, -cability and,as an additional rea-Gregorycompany assembled at these balls, comptMed as It wa'<that the»«au^-he is to be tried court-martial. byhave a standard long provedmild but certain, without theremedy. grininghim. Commecee with us great emporiumoebastiaa Josephs, Richard Bogardus, Alex. Morri-the flags of the vessel, lij^ted at midnight with can- dles, for, though itelu outside, tbe flags covering th& little windows made tlie room dark.Mr.Markela by TeIecrK|>k.BcrrAU), Thniaday, Nov. li—« p. u.-done immediately. There was no cess.examined, hut nothing new of special Importance was elicited. The hiquest was adjourned to Moaday nexthe believed that financial difficulties would soon that ibc merchants of New-York would,givethe stomacli.dswiao, Thursday, Hov. 15—• P. M. Flour dull. Whxat dttU and lamer; aala* reached Upemavik Aug. 14, and on the following 5 ,«00 bushels No. 1 Cbtngo Spring at $1 M. Cea,tat be made liable beyond tbe amount of his subscrlp-Asa of stock. Having cherished this enterprise forTears with unfaltering oithusiasm, and with a con-fidence that has never wavered, I now see before me by the Court of General Sessions, and the GeneralPaynewards taken into custody, and yesterday a hearing ofehuler Is extending her hand for a near and friendlygraspwith California. Maine and Callfomia, theXtiantic and Pacific, will then be within seven daysof each other. Some of the choicest sons of all the which was laid over under the rule •Id States are Tnabing their bomes and helping totarm a new empire in California.boilmng it. This, however, is but one of the many New-York.Seuce a family circle east of the mountain but has of of a ferry lease at the footofmoneyto be over it placedto-mor-for the term aomevelatlTe there. The focilitles afforded by ttiis of ten years, under the provisions of^the act of the Legis- load fior a reunion of families for social intercourse, lature of the State, passed April, 1667, conferring such tiBI ao vary fu as a compensation for tbe outlay in lights and powers to the Common Council of the City ofwasfoundreasons why we mould urge forward this great work.If It were a sacrifice of the entire capital, for this oneobject, it would be nK>ney well expended. Other mo-tiTes, however, press around us for consideration.It will be a great step in the progress and wealth of^K nation. The great public works of a nation arethe monuments of its civilization. The accomplish-ment of tM'^ road, completing a line entirely acrossthe whole continent in less than two hundred and mittee onfifty years after its first settlement, will be tlie won- of an ordinance der of this age, and the admiration of those that shall of the adoptionvoted to the best interests of this great hopes of his future usefulness.is far gicater in the future prospects that it opens be- wharves and piers. Laid over.pockets.fore us. It will be the transit route for the richest «OBmierce on earth. The riches of the Indies will then be at our command.The Board concurred in a resolution to regulateand grade Sevent^-eighth-street, from Tliird-avenueto East River.successful in this endeavor, we shall have abundant.timeto secure a convement harbor on the coast ofWith reference to the case of Mr.that tbev wUl meet us with their own reaoniees at thebonierofthatState,snddomuchmorethanthis wasalsoplacedIntheCityHospial.taawraym,aadnedsdoimscelosed the sun to view, when Mr. Son- (cientUccaleulatioa*.ingwould not heed from.them,andbe has not since beentieardand rather felt incHned to the best.the central road asthe newto Long I>ock, they partook of a collation, afterWe have iweiwed letters from Califor-TheThewhich should influence the American i>eople in givingtheir countenance to the central way, asserted, among to the exhibition of Spxrr'bcursionists an to moved in boats to the shore, whence it was re-stowedAddress JosmtA T. HxiDen, M. D., Residentrlan, Gtsefenhai iBsUtnte, Ho. 2 Bond-street New-other tilings, that by enlisting public sympathy in its favor, the existing dissensions between sectional andword for tbe -truthabove, and to induce 'ooirfldenae in him wbere be isson for Itsdlence «nu«d itself by loudly wla»di.g, by way of States apraessesnigfetirjseclcd in crossing the Isthmus of duction in of Bakkr haveall the human beings in the vicinity who were abletowhich from California to the .Atlantic Messrs. Urotkr iofadvertised a i«- Erie Railroad Company have for a time been an- to dance, or who wished to look on. In the sameconstruction, representedtheoutragesiaekT)f promptitude In their appearaiwe, pr^cal jo1«,«ach reporterieetlM inaanuchas he had had no intention, when rally be in this City, New-York would not only Police Reports.ke eitfwed llie haU, that soeh a re8ponsU>le poslUon be thecommemterropcoilails of Americao,fbtuhte woruldd. become the THE CAREER OP A YOU.VQ ROOCE CUT SHORT.who entered ai>on thePanama.prices their sewing machinesper cent. It woul(t seem to be a favorable time f»r cross over to Jersey City to solicit passengers. Com-Cauotbxbs,pedidon, and male and female Esqulinatn, perhapsMr. Jas, E. Wkirtos made the closing address.which fami- those in want of this indispensable article to thebad for its object to prove that by the making of a Pa- ly to provide thems«3lves with it. reatoleasure to )>e called upon to preside over this cific road, the Atlantic terminus of which must natu-fllllllBWMl'"fifSil! the Chair, Mr. HoiiuKo said it gave himtwenty in numberwhilein such numbers asshould adjourn, but a Mr. Hall rose In the body of thehall, and claimed the privilege of making a few re-marks. Thiswasnotrefusedhim,aadheproceededsaleat 97e. Coaa in fUr demandto make anwas that a Federal concurrence in this project, irre- spective of party distinctions, was essential to its suc-botanical labors.Wbiskt in good demandaecordinalyargnmisnt,yesterday absconded, taking with himoaUpema- on Com. Lake Imrortt to-iag—ifU) Hda. noofthe of which gista tin box con- taining about $70 in cash and valuable papers bdoag-;nal FansHn lower—32c®23c.^^^^^^^^U Ocy coidially entered Into tbe spirit of thisenter- ReMved, That for the purpose of taking early and ing. Yesterday, however, procured went THE HATES ARCTIC EXFEDITION.fMifbf,«BdExpeditloDaeeuie Ms saeoess.Am Indveements to the proaecnttoB of this work h*yriw, iDarltab^iBitHMed the oases of the Erla Railroad and the Erie which a progressive age is every day presenting, andto the Blew-Y»pk Coamittee—latereatiBg NarraCire ky Snr-that if, by means of the Pacific tnad. we united China, through San Francisco, to Mew-Tork, tbe traiBc thus created, and hence ex-of forming the nucleus of an organixation in further-about town he finally, in the evening, found tbebell tolling during the ceremony. and CoraMTc., to New-VorlcnWhile answering the Governor's salute at Upema- 100 bbls. Flour, 91,000 bushels Wheat, M,4a» boahdsthat in consequence of some private business, Ei- eoT.BocTvi'iL had intimated that he could not be picsent, but it was not to be doubted that be would, ansone future occasion, appear among us and give expression to his views on this important subject.X statement by Ur. Pubah, tbe President of the gt«)ected load, was read by Mr. Wutoh. It was as feUows:MB. nSOAM'S STXTEXEST.The Stat* of Maine has granted a charter for tbewhen such is ready. reporthimself with a suit of clothes. The balancedition arrival at this myCmoAGo, Thursday, Nov. I>—• P. M. Floitb quiet. Wheat cloaaiwith a declininfLieut. Bastlxr ofiered tbe fallowing resolutions:was about thirty-one years of The age.efllcient measures to collect Information on the subject from the person having cliarge of the safe andof a railway to the Pacific—to investigate the im- away with It Mr. Geisman himself entered upon amorning bis body was buried. The funeral was at- Oati and Bailit quiet fin lowerprovedmeans of and construction, railway propulsionsearch for the fugitive, and after inquiring all dayInciter fTMB Dr. Hmrea IteoB I aagahaw.service wasperformed by Mr. Altxn, the missionary, the chapel CanaIi FaxiOHTB steady; Floor, SOe.; Whaat, nclad at ance ofthe design of tills meeting—a Committee of an emigrant boarding-house in Albany-street. UponLalu — IimporU t»-dafand isthe duties here involvedvik,one of tbe men severely. '^ The expedition sailed from Upemavik, Aug. 14. forTessulssak. They encountered some ice, and arrived bushels Barley, 4,900 bushels Rye.there on the 23d. At this place there n-as a small set-tlement of Eiquimaux, one hundred and twelve ofwhom were employed to make up tbe furs purchasedat Upemavik into clothing, sufficient foY four ern Club; eoc. for No. 1, and nXcaTSc. for Mb. 2, years. Six dog houses were constructed on the deck aIMn store. Coaa dull, and Ic. lower salea, I0,0aiyfifteen be,tand with hereby, appointed chargedthe on board the DitiUd Statetgun burst, injuringCom, 10,200 bushels 4,000 boihels 8.400 Barley, Kye.and stated that t-28 of the money had been expended tended to Siuope, would be of incalculable service to to report thereon at a future call of this meeting, to be in the purchase of a passage ticket to Bremen, perbushels Peas. Canal Exvortt—iMS bUs. Flour, 80,000 bushels Wheat, 3«,700 bushels Cork, M,1W;and it is hereby iiistructedGentlementhe commercial interests of the country. He regretted announced by such Committee, in the daily papers, ship on Saturday, while with another portion he had ihe Information of the patrons and friends of the expe-Resolved, That when this meeting adjourns, it ad- journ to meet on the call of such Committee.Ereohvaidewdith him. but thepapersDissolving Views, at the MarKet- street Reformed Dutch Church,ship's company<ir fifty Fsquimaox. They worked harJ all day, andgave their nights to j6llity,attending balls, parties and leasts, given in their honor by the natives. The Dan-this evening,at7H oVlock, for the benefitof thepolitical parties would lie allayed.Mr. IIoaAcx Greklzt disclaimed any positive pref- will be present and sing some of their sweet emerging daylight, the other side, the com-childrenoftheFivePointsHouseofIndustry,who songs.been constructed, to guard against accident into onUpon ishofficialsrenderedDr.HATXsandhisofficersnotknown,heispermittedtorefer,amongotiiars,'to ever>- HoxAci Gbmut, tie Wew-York Triiiuu.?fProf. A. P. PxAioDT. Harvard Vninertitj/, Matt, ofRev. E. H. Ckapis, D. D., e/ ITeic-York.— complaints Bollowat'sThese were adopted turn, con.CITY AND COUNTY AFFAIBS.BOARD OF ALDERMEN.INSCFKICIKKT AND UfAPPROPRIATI COUBT-ROOMB. attacked in West-street on Monday night last by four Proven. That settlement or outpost hi the Upemavikmen, who choked him, and rifled his pockets. The District is forty miles southward from Upemavik. The Board of Aldermen met last evening, pur- robbers then escaped, but yesterday a man, named We were there detained in restowing our cargo, soof th£ Superior Court, stating that the roomspoint about 200 miles norih-northwrat, which he hopes Bailit—Moderate demand and supplymjSMaltogether inappropriate, and a resolution was adopt-ia payment of its indebtedness; and no stockholder ed, on motion of Alderman Owx^s, gra^ng for the so to it isQuinte "Toronto.Flocr nominal no transactions of ;Whxat declined 5c.'a7c. V bush.; Red, «1 ;tl 10. WmaxT dull, at 16^c. Hoos duU and de-Court the two rooms on the second floor in the brown-stone building in the Park, now occupiedallegedand chain, valued at $60, and fled.open sea, should he findit; if not he woulduse of thethe hands of Dr.and who has politely offered to do meoverCompanycost the sum of t4,800, without contract. Laid over.Ilis confederate escaped. THB NATURAL C0N8EQUEBCI.steady quiet70c. a72c.;aiul steadv. CorraaThe of the Finance Committee of the Board reportdogs,tliat a fossil was discoveredforest by ttie Ex-Whiskt dulLat 203<c«20<ic. Moaox, Thuiaday, Nov. 15.of Councilmen to increase the saiary of the SecondBay.in whichAssistant-Auditor in the Finance Department fromplaceCotton duU10^tee of the Board.Alderman Thohit subsequently called up the re-geology brought home.Greenland, specimensPmLABiLraiA, Thursday, Nov. IS. Floitx weak. Wbxat unchanged. Cork steady.was adopted.port, and itAlderman Baolst offered the following resolution,street. While they were talking together Anna stolewas found dead in his bunk lastEmisrant Saeietiea and EaslKrant gwlndlers. Officb or THi ComnsBioicKK roa thx PaorxcTioH op Ehigrabts to CAUPoaaiA, No. 114 WAxaxS'Corriidull. WbisxtdullatS2c.S22}ic.Resolved, That the Comptroller be and he is hereby authorised and directed to advertise for sale the rightpocket,the church atUpemavikRoutine business was then taken up, and shortly afterwards the Board adjourned to Monday.1»AT.UiHeO aata.. 12 31BOARD OF COUNCILMEN.It is impossible for me to predict anything with re- spect to the prospects before us.succesafully prosecuted by counsel of that body, Mr. Robbkt JoHHsroK.—CNEUPLOYEO TE88ELS SUPERIOR COURT ACCOH-The season has beenThe wind now blows fresh from the and If of his Board have had to do withMODATIONS—JiATlGATIOS OP HARLEM RIVER.in the Board of Councilmen last evening the Com-CTlemred.Battery-place,row, (Saturday,)at:$30that he had been robbed, and made the fact havingunder Capt Di Haven, In the first Grinnell Expedi-pro-sales; 72c. for Bay ofand 82Hc for saieeted Whibxt—Sales 300 bbls. at 20c.of the accomplishment of all myex- The People's Pacific Railroad will be built.bring wealth, and multiidy happiness to the whole Ma»>n. I -need call your attention to but a few of tbe reasons why we and others should engage heartily ]a tills enterprise. In the first place it will bind the AtlanticandPacificStatesbyanewandfirmbondof Union. The importance of multiplying these bonds aflhiion^ Is manifest in tbe effect produced upon the fisances of the country by the first whisper of disun-Mm. The State of Hune, now separated from theland of gold hy a sail of 100 days around the Cape, ortor tiM* miles across the Isthmus, by granting this $1,000 to (1,500 was referred to tbe Finance Commit- tation of a young woman named Anna Boyd, who will make, with those on hand, twenty-fived.ogs,met him in Broadway, on Wednesday night, and de- It is melancholy duty to report the death my bysired his company to her boarding-house, in Canal- apoplexy, of my carpenter, Gxbsxh Caxcthxrs. Heclined 25c.;to-dav 1,000 ;quoted $626et640,a teir pcetaaons.Tofrom 1,000,000 of persons, and surely so trilling a sumirtll not be refiised for a result that will reflect konor, reglazing the public lamps for one year.prospectSupremeAliam Feiguson, was taken before Justice Quackcic-thisthe result of theaccompliihUpemavik,lad 11 years of age, of $1 in change. The youth was that I require, and such furs as are essential tostores of all kinds, and nothing is lacking to the com- $1S 75^817. Money advanced 5-16, with a de-this object we propose to ask $100 eachliberalitysuppliedTerm of theCourt.A resolution was adopted directing the Street Com-favor.for repairing andA resolution, directing the Street Commissioner to extend the telegraph from Mount Morris bell-tower to the Twelfth Precinct Station-house, was adopted.BcsH, cfa^ed with having robbed Jonathan Osborn, amissioner to advertise forproposalsgood mand: quoted at 12 fl cent Exchange on New-Alderman Rcbsili. offered a resolution, authorizing the purchase of a steam-engine by the Street Commis- sioner for Engine No. 6, not to exceed inand held him, while Ferguson rifled his pockets. Therobber was and the magistrate quicklyapprehended,propertymotion of the interest of the expedition.pro- theservicesstreet and Ohio 37H $9;City Mills, *925.prietor do,undertook toeject thatthe case t)efore Justice Quackxnbusuresulted inhissalesclosing unsettled. At the close Hogs sold at 80 40. Receipts to-day 13,000. Lau dulL Pore dull, atcommittal to answeryoung man, named Wil-the kindness andof Mr. Hanson,Scripturaltunnel. At all the points where there was of dangerthe rock giving way overhead, sttt»tantial arches haveby fortyto his house. No. 258 West Twenty-second- returning party.morning, with a basket of groceries,when a named Lynch, caught him by the arms placedmy Mr. Hakboh and Dr. Rudolph have generouslyfort of the men.The dessicated meats contributeda firm in New-V centBaltimou, Thursday. Nov. 19.street, yesterday boy,my disposal ereiythingwhich theirYork,held him for trial.highly relisnsd by the l^squlmaux dogs.It may be stated as a matter of Interest to men of 73c.®77c. PioviBioiiBLevi Cronk, a seaman, attached to the sloop Poutin', lying at Pier No. 6, North River, listened to the invi-science,peditionthe frees, fruit and leaves are well preserved.»-,,.<%:- ,•4 "f''^On the 3(Withe expedition came in light of Green- if requited. An Invalid Astray.— Oti Wednesday evening, eiK TumtBi.- Bergen l-unnel, which has been land. Thus farin Favor of the Central Ronte. nia stating that nine-teoths of tbe people there wiU in cour-e of construction for the voyage had been ^iiversified by ON Is a CBrtriB cure Ibr all ubvirihc fur slock in our Company. We have re- Mr. JoBEPB H. Tabslle, residing at No. 22 Alleo- a number of years, and lidte other than ordinary meidentan HMtingBTATESEXt UF XX. FZBHAX.4i nweting, desijned to give fonnal expression to M> much of the p«bUc «pii>ion m» concurs in the -ctaiss of mpeiioritjr that ue made in behalf o( tlie RailroadJiroposcd to be comtrticled between the At- laatlc and Pacific Oceans, via Pike's Peak and Utah. -waaheldlasteveninginthelargehalloftheCooperrt'ivfd letters from all parts of the South and West, sueet, while in a deranged state of mind, left his has cost an immense sum of money, was yesterday On Saturday, Aug. 4, the sun did not set upon theIva^^^T^"' deriS^e^Sta^'*^^ JJS""slating thot our plans for building the road meet with much favor, and tliat large numbers will subscribe for the «tock. Assured that we are right, we have noth-now left but to go ahead.Mr. J. C. I,uvu«T, of Boston, in urging the motiveshome, stating that he was going to the cars to meet a friend whom he cxpe.jtea f.-oin Washington. Hisfumlly interposedtraversed by a locomotive and cars for the fir<t time. At 11 o'ckK* a train, consisting of a locjmotive andexpedition, and on the next day ttiey reached Proven, where they were greeted with a salute fired by order of the Deputy-Govemor, It was answered by Com-Sitogobjections to his out, but he goingcars, andpassed through tbe cut, which is 4,300 feet in length. A Tbe stay of the expedition at Proven was quitebottle. For Six Tua wni MM a»«T ar Exm«b», andDoLuaatmThe Views are ^aid lo be vtrvCol. Corcoran to be Thied by Coubt-Hab- After remaining short time, the train returned to—ofthepracti- order out his commaud for par;\de on the occasion of D. S.whichCoscoBAH,I Pills.1^For all bntooa disor-Sixty-nlnih Regiment,Stevens,lion.Anti-BiliousJames Howard and Peter Recorder Tildin fined them (20 each fur violatingfor two weeks past has been employed as errand-boy ordinanceofembroideries,comerof Broadwayandof the time wliile at Proven, hi making a topographi-cal of the Springin the storesteady salesMObbls. at18c Ca-•barging him with tbe theft he said that he was guQty,Statis, GaimASD, Aug. 14,>he had thrown away. Mr. Geisman delivered his prisoner into the custodymagistrate.HIGHWAT BOBBERISS.port We made a quick passagecustom of the firm tofrom Boston. The of the Police, and to-day he will be taken before a schooner proved herself to be a good sea boat and be-tendency;sales, 67,000 bush., atSSIfc for Northwest-He was soon after-1 shallsendbyRudolph, thegoimportance.His was from Cronk's vest but he soon ascertained bodySunday morning. ground adjoining and 1 have directed a rail-known to Officer Crawford,thiefwasarrested. Allthethe sidewalk, where she had tlirown it in the hope of destroying the evidence. Justice Wiuu committed her for tnal.LEAVING rNCOYERED TBACKB.ing inscriptionSTaxxT, Niw-Yoax, Nov. 14, 18M. :Tbe Mails, Enrspeanthe Third Precinct, theby UKtfowfic will close ,A. M.Early yesterday morning Officer Wilson, of theFifth Ward, saw that a panel had been removed fromthe front door of Mr. Hart Benedict's provision store,No. 317 Washington- street. Suspecting that a burglar been very mild during tbe past ten days, and tbe re- was within, he entered to search for him, and. found a cent southerly gales have doubtless broken the ice.in favor young man named James White, who lives at No. 16 there is much ice before us it will nboerthderaisvte,n to the or anyanjrtbingSteamships Quaker City, Shufeldt Havana, Hargons k Co.; Buntsville, Post, Savannah, H. B. Cromwell & Co.Piers andlive hereafter. Great as this enterprise is in itself, it moval of vessels not employed in navigation from the been taken from the money drawer, were found in once the Melville and shall hopaettteompmtake by my counsel, Mr. Jso. K. Hacxitt, and the arrests, Steamer Add £Uza. Bobinso'n, Philadelphia. J. Jc N.Wharves,or remote or direct. any way shape,Slips reported behind a stack of barrels. for the re- Mulberry-strweeats, dodging and 60^outhwestWe shall leave here to.morrow, andthese Cases inat The affidavits in all these cases have been preparedproviding The fellow arrested, cents, which hadhisfor trial.Justice Wblkii imprisoned tbe accusedTHE RESULT OP A FOOLISH JOKE.Bay passage,Smith's Strait not later than the first of September. If with the able assistance of Capt. Haxtt, were madeBriggs.Ships Arctic, Zerega, Liverpool, Zerega A Co,;Howland &hstun, DIxoB, Liverpool, C. H. Marsbsll h Oo.; J.The uncounted niilllons of Asia and Japan stimu-lated to industry by more frequent intercoarse with A resolution to renumber East Twenty-eighth- Dempsey, living at tio. 121 Roosevelt-street, became tciocaisptatein(fr1o85m4) reaching Cape Frazer, lat up7»o°n 42", sachusetts myself, and tbe District-Attorney, Mr. Bark EaoorlaxLai.veBrypdoeorl, TNoarpfaoclokt,t Mora Bros., Navarrothe higher forms of civilization, will pour their ac- cumulated wealth along this channel, to be distributed not only to aU the cities of this country, but over allwas referred A lengthy communication was received from theintoxicated, and fell asleep in a grocery. Wliile tak- ing ttiis nap he was seen by Richard Marvin, one ofwhere I spending the Winter. A degree proposehowever, wUl one within placek Co.; Arabella, Llrdsay. Aspinwall, Paoama R. Co.; Cedar. (Brem.,) Bolfe, Slarsavllle, Roger Bros.;*6otbe.-The President of the United States, in hisof December, 1858, has well said" In a commercial point of view I consider this theacquaintances,procuredlampblackBrandorff. C. London,Lullng.Europe.conditionpermitI willimmediately-ilesnge:Winter harbor has been selected usingfor-ofof the day. With the Eastern point of business of that Courtgreat questionour Republic stretching along the Atlantic, and its XFestem front along the Pacific, if all the parts should be united in a safe, easy and rapid communication,wemuat necessarily command a very large propqriion of the trade of Europe andjAsia. Our recent treaties with Cfaiga and Japan will open these (rich and populous;Ihat the Common Council had the legal power to pro-videthenecessaryaccommodations. Referredtothe Comnjirtee on Law, of which Councilman Kasb is Chairman.The Report of the Crolon Aqueduct Committee, appropriating $4,500 to reimburse the Harlem and Spuyten Duyvil Navigation Company for outlay inhim lie determined to himself avengemer's labors,provisions,MottkCo.: Kimhardt Osprejr, (Br..) Hnrphy, Jacmel,valley, till the smoke of the cabin would curl around ceivingevery poak of the Rocky Mountains. It would *€ didates only get 50 or 60, leaving about 200 votes unac- impossible to enumerate all the benefits of this great counted for. On motion the returns were sent back enterprise. They are open and manifest to all who for correction. The Tenth and Fourteenth Wards reflect upon the subject. They are denied by none.Ship National Ouard, Gate, Liverpool 47 ds., with coal that all should be trusted to select and to J. H. Brower k Co.The next question for consideration—Is it practic a Me?Brooklyn Institute I^ectubes.Tlie first ofdesigning persons, representingministers on Long Island, had procured Bibles,BrigBrig Ganges, Dearborn, Eiizabethport,the Mississippi aod St. Lawrence Rivers, to wit—at or sear the terminus of the Pacific Railroad of Missouri, ninnlng from St. Louis to Kansas, and the Hannibalthe returns of the First, Eleventh treating it under two heads and Seventeenth Wards was, on motioT>, made thein the shortestwe have every facility which experience,(Br„) Pitts, Windsor, N. S., 8 ds., withrunningfrom theOur camp equipmentseffort, and the law of balance, which limits the effort The food prepared expressly meeting in the evening afterwards to bepassed, come of them loaded with two tons of freight. On this same road a path may be laid, so that the steam-car will rapidly follow the wagon, if ttie road is possible, is there enough of capita], enterprise and comrnge to build it 1of Mr. J. C. Latvthise, in behalf of the destitute oldlady at 72 Sullivan street mentionednessficial, and individual estimate,Schr. Jolia and Elixabeth, lUchards,Mississippi northerly paripublishedSociety.Mr. HiSRT Ohdiedonk, Jr., of Jamaica, not being-.,„,jAaand miles of railroad In twenty-five years, can surelybnlld two thousand miles in the next five years. Adraft on the iron mountains of Missouri, Pennsylva-nia and Oregon will furnish all of this material that of her days. This act of Christian benevolence is it.i will be required. It is the Intention of the projectors own reward, and needs no comment. We are deeply of this road to use none but American iron. The Um- grateful lor the prompt response that has been made her requisite is found near at hand upon a large por- to the appeal in the Times, and we are happy in beingdividuals, had a special work to do, and to this nationpeoplewas intrusted, in a peculiar sense, vindicationof thethe service,Christianexpect the work- Him who alone is omnipotent, we sever in a few hours ings of this plan in New-Jersey, where it had obtain-that have built and equipped thirty tlnm-forestalled the charity of others, and hidthen arose, and after some rather apologeticfrom Fifth-avenue to East to the Committee on Streets.River,WATiiBuar, advanced the necessary means out of hisstreet,Judgesof tbe Court in Superiorgoinginto— aftera carryabout by his confinement in tbeHouse of Deten- Brig ham.J.properand expressing theSchooners N. W.relation to the want accommodationsfor thetransactionoftheto our commerce, and the history of theworld i»roves that the nation which has gained posses-ion onbe trade with Eastern .^^ia has always become appropriating $10,000 more for the same purpose, was made a disturbance, threatening to whip people gen- foourttuneempiresihe navigauon of the Harfem River, and went to the St. Nicholas Hotel where he voyage bar-room,wealthy and powerful.The peculiar geographical positions of Cali-Tuesday.and he was yesterday taken before Justice Quacei:i- tained two Winters. exercises were shall endeavor every means to avoid a thirdthe of the Uth Loper & Kirkpatiick.reading Steamer WestcbeBter, Jones, Providence, with asdaa.fornia and our Pacific posessions invite Ameri- can capital and enterprise into this ifniitful field.Mattle prerequisite that we shall first have a railroad ofand period,TwEin in the Chair. The rested at the same place lor acting in a disorderly so detained I do not fear adverse results. Withmeetingof Newtown. Isaac Odell.to convey uid circulate its products tliroughout every portion of the Union."manner,imploredsupplies resist the scurvy.we have on board I believe we canJ. &N. Briggs.Stesmtug Achilles, Hennessey, Boston 36 boors, hav-improvingadopted. Adjourned.awaits unnecessarywe shall then return home with-The commenced at S o'cloak, Passed a large ship in tow of tug -boat off Bamegat at meeting 9o'clockonThursdaymorning.West woulif 0celve a fresh and powerful impulse.Men are demanding employment at remunerativepdees in one seeticm of the Union, while fertile lands part of the District Canvassers. After giving the last, was yesterday resumed by Justice Welsh. The well known. in tbe West are asking more hands for their cultlv'a-tion. Open to them this channel to cheap lands, andthe tide of population would pour along and fill everywere discovered, showing great negligence on theNo. 869portantresults which he achieved during the follow-Parentthrough either of the following of-W. gales daringShip John Foster, Forbes,the First District of the latter, in which no vote was recorded for Judge ofwere found to be correct, exceptThe route proposed in the charier is to commence the Supreme Court, and which was sent back for re- the Winter course of lectures, before the Brooklynthatthemselves to bevision. The day's work was concluded by the canvassRev. E. H. Cha- Man and his Work," Laws that Govern La- bor and Action. 2. The estimate that is put upon it.My party spirits,last the roads running west from the Atlantic, between been sent back the day previous for correction. The piN. He took for his subjecton the Missouri River, at or near the terminus of allof the First District of the Fifth Ward, which hadnight by '•of their duties, and performance youinav rest assuredKnox that a standing order of a year's dura- thoughtBrig^ Milwaukee,Brown,Millbridgedispute concerning:of our undertakingpos.sible, ^ . , Corresponding Secretary, of Newtown. It was Schr. Woseph Hasspecial terdayHe contended that everyman had aspecialana St. Joseph Railroad,Siver toUie Missouri River, across theof the State of Missouri, about 350 miles west of cit.Louis, tbence westward, near Pike's Peak, throughOtati to San Francisco, a distance of alwut twoIhonsand miles. This is called the middle route. Ithas been explored by Col. Fuhost and others, care-ftilly examined by Senator Bintos, and pronouncedpracticable. Over this route thousands ofteams have druggist of tlds city placed some money in the hands justorder for to-day. The lobby attendance yes- was small.,rieoced heavy weather, lost foresail.Schr. Anne, (Br.,) Dougherty, St John, devoted to one object, to the exclusion of others, and for the expedition by the American Dessicating Com- under the superintendence of the Directors of the with laths to Jed Frye. ,eENERAL CITY NEWS..v .floo.r and tobacco to Isaac Cole. _. . ^ vrThe friendless old Ladt in Sullivan btrskt.— We are requested to state that a well-known;Of this food,we have threethousandpoundspresenthisplaceSchr.inTimes. Mr. Lawthiik, called at the place with thewhich often acknowl- lard, w hen the world called it success, were good^ „„ ^ -,. . _wi»tih.hadmadeown home, and muldng her comfortable for the restthis last of outpostalreadyprovision for ^removing theupon leavingTroy,remarks, moved that the Society, as ithe dissolved, and a Bible Society in every county or-yesterday'sand suflicient food, with every essential for the of health and comfort with united andalong its own timber when it is needed. This road for. TEso.N. Rev. Wm. X. BiBTLETT delivered the Ser- outfit and preparation, I beg yi>u to btdieve me,.Vindolana, (B r.,) Lock, Sailed.should be at both end^ at the same time, build- We acknowledge the receipt of $1 from E. F., and ChristWitK great regard, yourToHenrtGbij'.neil,: begun mon, taking for his text, Luke 4 18,asgow.describinging from San Francisco east, and from Kansas $1 from G. E. T. for her benefit in-home for and the time Bark some,^rwt- Will terprise tevery other section of land to a reasonable extent onCareless—Coroner Gaubix yesterday held an inquest upon therepaid«othe same on the Southern and NorthernHe has furnished Boston Journal with a detailed narrative oftheinto this morning by steamboat New-Haven, carrying away the jlbboom.Baltimori,Nov.IB.—ThebrigFactor,fromAleiaj-whenever are tobuildthoseroads. We parties readySedgwick,andVanBruntstreets,waspressed[AdrenlaelDeDUlH. R. H. Alhert BijWARD, Princethe last taken in America-was made byRoyai desireOct 18, 1860. Hisat the Revere House, Boston, Royalcure a""^J of. and by the American people. We do not jected greatasK timid Theon tn« night of Nov. ». The crew were pieked op in their ownetnke for the Central route first, to be built in thewaythatlarge fragmentsof and aboutbushels of wheat fell into the street The build- progressofdria, bound to Boston, was sank off ChlncotagueIJ*opl«and no one moreput their hands tothis and work,owned Cbahlf.8 Ivelbet, is about bythe grain will be saved.than one hundred shares, paying »10 when the subscripUon is made, in thehisas botanist at Proven, Upemavik,«n each sliareWeask fifty thousand people of New-York City tonotify personsafter-Noth-Highness not having time"''^y'TMf;and aid this en-Esq., of New-Yorkrotites, operations were conducted inhas already been noted. theing,.-„uponupon Mar- the cheek with aand Justice& Co.; Kate, Skldxttore, Providence, master Queen, Lackbam, London, G-. F. Bailey.burningof theirstore,Broadway,inAprilmonth inSmith,Jones, and Lancaster Suunds, areSocietyThe President two Secretariesthe sails, kc. passage, splitwhole number of votes polled at 500 and upwards, the proceedings were confined to the crdss-eiamination 1to masterport by BteamtagAchilles.Blasting—A Verdict ok Ce.nsurb. as a preacher. .Mr. Baeilett, during his sermon,ot|dient l^-^^nt^^Richard Prof. A. D. Bache, ofa lung way fromoccupied by the journey interfered with other engage- ments, which could not, without disadvantage, Deof stone were pro-a distance. Deceased was at work in the by great weight grain against It,of Wales707 BROADWAY. boat by the Charter Oak. which hasno had was also shown that flags$1,000.his skull. Itbeen exhibited tojury therefore rendered a verdict censurmg the con-Prroviwdence.MlBIUIio VMBII.-The ship Goldenand theCWatest enterprise fraught with more blessings than tractor ;ind his foreman, Johs Glovek, for not taking noon a fire broke «iitina frame biUlding, No. 101toeyesightto sit while in communicated through Hon. E. Archibald, H. B. M.thither,ofdan^r, *oy other busmesa enterprise of this or any other age. necessary preciiwtions in doing their work.New-York,—German Rkpiblicax Banqcei. The GermanThe undersignedand the results of their visit are seenI atter, and rates A Lloyds.)summoned to appear in uniform,session, and the construction of the road in the tory of the parly, at Harmonic Garten, Nos. 139.141, several colored families. The Firemen were quickly up to the peak, and tbe schooner's signal, a staraaMcnhe one share eachforthwith, Congresswhich will in-quarter-deck, runbythe thesure tile aid from necessaryRepublicans feasled lastin honor of the vic- They assembled tliere ina frame occupied by No. 103, adjoining, building,Oct 28. Ood.less-ship,at theshortest possible time. One of war year vigorouswith a poweriul nation, would cost more than the money.eveningBMt we are not expeaded on this road.the loss of theThe Railroad across thecontemplatingcapitalfortable,g°r^j'Jj^^_'"2,|''H4j^ tHen "addressed' them subsunnowSuite, of all sizes, from theall ships and steamboats from nations, bymet illThe first Sunday service >*"'w a short cBstance In a^»'"'"''?biection goever> part of tile globe, thronged by patsengtrs to and fro of the American people, must beSkkiocs Vkhiclk Casualty—On Wednesday as a Board of Canvassers yesterday, and examined dav, Dr. Haves conducUnginthen« APPUcomingnow at the gallerypictures well as the hundredsaocfkvnioswitlerdsged by143 and greatseen tiiem. to be tlie best picture of him extant AlsoSpoken,S'K ,1^,^ j^.v.145numbers, and withEssex-street.which amount is covered by insurance.gated the men and officers inrelauon to their condi-heartyand lusty German enilmsiasir], pas.scd the evening inShoal-May-echr., hence for Galveston,listeiiing to speeches in their ownvantages, and at a great expense, is now one of the Chjttendem, and others. The orators joyously ing out of a cart on Fulton-avenue Horace Mo-higlieEt paying stocks in the country. The steam- spokeboats which supply this road with pHsscngcrs, both of the Rupublican triumph, predicted great thiuijs f-rcsKiT,on the Atlantic and Pacific, are riclily paying lines. from it and expressed tlieir belief that there would ix; Docks a fewdays ago, died Long A road fromi the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocpaii, fed by no seces.'ion. Each of them turned many a period lege Hospital yesterday.happily, and received tlie meed of riiUus-t BoARii OF Canvassers.—The Supervisors plaudits.. Tortuga. ^ boundTelegraph-bark,Isthmus of Panama, though built under great disad- August Beceer, v. ho presided. Dr. Tschirneii, Mr. streets, from injuries received on Wednesday by fall-.; We have enteredGerman cheer goodabout $550,Fatal Accidents.-if he was com- and received an.,u.n„„a.n,.i.m„ous rep,.l.,y in the ai-on view-, all the members of the Royal party and theirAutographs.Oct 31, off lat. ^——g;»—~'^SgBCUS8IFICAT1(W.WiLUAM IIiceey, aour charter permits us to at the corner of Greenwich aad .Morion streets, liy a day. Ncihijig importance transpired.roads In the world. eveningone of the bestIn addition to tbeestablish a line of telegraph along the whole linethe road. That California will give us not only per- fractured, and received other nissionto buiid the road across her territory, butm^ hea^vyto for payamost of these rii'li and comiortablepaying Railroad,sw_eU buvnc.Mprm.foSor:if-the f(.rat the sameprice you would be compelled is nowWISHES t6.**' ry oth'T facility in lit-r power, we have >m mar. iir Y. 'tcrd i.."ir.in. 4i;. -ij. -,...,f -.;, I'l. - ^i- ^2, 3t.. ir. ^s. :). f.;-''-';r ig.'-,"^> |j'^;ly«1 Uoubt. Indeed, we nave Ihe itrotgert ii«urojj;ti WZLIH-r, rt-i Jx:rj,:f;-;,)...;j';;';,l;f/t I.! C! -li.lirr l.iHv.w CiTt''-'iifA-a-s seenattractive varietyits pro- .irticles of ladies' ros'niMiejunk-dealer, Nmlh-avenue Railroad car. He had one of his Ice?eclipse thef'otiiT Calendar por This Day—Circcit wfn'in°""dth^e -If^aThe/^af:i..ffVf:IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-No. t;0 \VfUntitled Document\.injt.-ic-,CiTvi'. ;Ri -N..'. £1- 30, TAo and Dr. I.a^.suawatiari..us. .'I-,f .-,u' .or.Jid.;ring Jy iwcpE:kiiovs-, alwtvs si:!- ch. .•.;>.i^inguiigc.fromso .1.t>rit it be-ti:r.es:o rcrdc-r oo'crv.ititmsr!'';.',\ r,-wenTM.23J-st.,thethe expedition from the time of its depar-on view at GURNEY'S gallery, no.who face in such aHelvetia, (Brem.) Freeman, Laury, Slew-Orleans, N. H. Brig-CAI'T. PARNtlU ONCE MORE.AnlTe4.shaken. The case will on to-day. goBROOKIiYN NEWS.—1 shall, however, avoid every urmecessary risk of Mr. Oailt, of Jamaica, who said that an action ofShip Wattapan. (of Boston,) Snow, Boston 4 ds.Brig A. Dale, (Br.,) McBurnie, Windsor, N. S., 9ds. with plaster to S. S. Whitney k Co.Birchsrd & Torrey, Cole, Calais 8 da., with lom- ber to * Mahew.Institute, was deliveredw hich adjusts the thinking and executive faculties andpany of New-York, consistingsoup, beefpo-some manner thatmy proposed of the ice will;Smith, Boyd, Charleston, McCready,On Wednesday evening Capt. J. Egbert Famumbselfeodrges,the close of the Summer. If thisThis Society held its annual meeting in tlie lec- ture-room of the Presbyterian Church, at Astoria, oncomplaint. THE BROADWAY ARSON CASE.The arrangements with regard to the pro- previous:1.no effort will be to accomplish the object that spared;Boynton BrigCTejlon,„„„_, -.,.Rev. Washi.vgton Gladden,our connectionwith the civilized world, and entertwocon-aiDing atwut 150 persons, mander HAras.Price $1tbe end of Bzpna U»« from New-Tcohrakrg.es p*r"e"n'u~i»tplatformExhibition.—Wc are ro.u^eted to call attention row of torches on each side of the cars gave the ex- pleasant The cargo was all broken out and re-it,^e. »Yesterday afternoon a boatman named William GrinneU's Land. You are afready aware that I an- observations made by myself thisupon testimony yesterday Bradley, Hosmer. Liverpool, J. S. Whiting k Co.; B. convicted, I caused him to be brought on from Mas- Aduns, Cliase, k Go.lower, and reach ofpracticablefield of exploration. If the private pursewereand the usual courtesies t>etweenthem. Numerouspresentsweremadetothein course of refusing which speeches were made by EdwiaopportunitT examine the work of the on boaid. The were assistedPhr*-greetedwith service in theirpower,passedand others.Descent upon Bdnners.—Tlie Xew-York andwltole ship's were invited. A promiscuous ders and Uver companyTteetalde nUt TMr aetian i* or naosea iara-of 2* noyed by New-York hackmen and hlootnegl runners, wto set, at one time, were Messrs. iNkiBaAiN, Hansu, prhiaybllyuma.ccompanying tbe use of calomel or podo- fully I1atx8,Sontas. all the ciew of theex-plaints have been made to the Police, and yesterdavgave their names as John McDonald, Patrick Eagan, ball-room was the carpenter's shop, decorated withHEXBiHe'B PatentJChampion Fire-Proof 8ala&afteroooa of them were taken into eightwereChief of Police MAaiircs and a squad of Police. They around, laughing and shouting in high glee. Thelicenses.Jacob Geisman, dealer Thje Soppobxd Wwe-Poisosiso Case.—ThemarketKenosha-In laeaa aad the Reade-street, ,concerning;inquest oa the body of Mrs. Janz Aasoa, whose death is supposed to have been caused by poison, was re-andDr. HAxas procured forty does, a largesumed yesterday, and several more witnesseswereExpeditionIng to his employer. It was thenightly deposit the cash on hand in thein an iron safe on another floor of the building, and to Prof. DoacHFS time to analyse tbe contents of pedition, died In bis berth fhua apoplexy. He was inWlimt, bushels £xK>nt>—l,rMlmahels Flour; 190,000and bodidB Com. 51,000Ex. S. NoxraHAXBOaop UnsHAvn,1860.I have the pleasure to report for:haved admirably during some very heavy weather. No serious accident occurred.of the vessel, and the work of housing in toe deck had been commenced before Dr. Lonoshaw left the;bush., at 35J$c., In store. Oats firm. Receive—To-hissmeared histhe street he was jeered at by a crowd of boys. As ward the boat which I intend for next Sum- tion." The Emigrant Societies were appealed to, butonopinion soon as he ascertained that a trick had been played" and some as far north as declined to give him any assistance.custody bystandingOn the twenty-first day out we were off Godharen,Nelly Bloomfield, lying at the foot of Amos-Street, was and on the 5th Inst we anchored In the harbor of tion, September. C«n. 5Upmmls—89,000 bush. Wheat, 53,000Martin Boerum, a sailor belonging to the sloopwhich was on the 3d of expedi-Commander Hatis intended to leave Tessulssak bush. Com. Fuishts firm aad unctasngcd. Sightabout the 28th of August bound up Smith Sound, on Exchange on New-York firm and scarce, at 3 V eeat.-nowvidedfortheuseoftheCouriwereinsufficient,and street,andactedinsounrulyamannerthatthepro- teredthisportontheeveiungofthe12thinstWetoaccomplishbeforethelongWinter'snightsetsIn. bushelsatOOc.forStatefour-rowedhim. While found here a Danish brig, belonging to the Royal endeavoringsnatched his watch Company. She will be ready for sea to-morrow, and;mailretiring Governor of Upemavik, who letums in her tomy Copenhagen,Throughthe Governor ofhave obtained at Proven and Upeniavik all the dogsThe is expeditionwith an abundance ofatpersonalHoward- Waaar 35; wUte,or the stores will afford for the public12^.;ihavealsobeenfortunateinobtainingtl 35<Stl 00. Com dull, at 14c.<ai9c81 yellow,Hehas had much experience in the management ofand is a good hunter. He resides at Tesslnsak, si^wtiite,of an excellent Mr. Pxraa interpreter,JoiiBoic.;miles northward from at which Upemavik,I wliichshall halt to take on boud his team of;bales, to-day,placedin the burial;to be constructed around theand a suitable The loss of Mr. Ca-'\ Delegatestbe A o'clockand of Dr. I Rdoolth,grave,upon bcthxks is deeply to be regretted. He formerly sailed 3b the Editor of the Neto-York Timetand in addition to his the ice experience among-Bunriiai.... etSIBuitata —4il|lf«HiiMr. 104raoBW.Sandy Heok.10 23BIARINE INTEIXIGENCE.tion,and his skill as a workman, he was thorou^y de-backward,but the weather hasThe object of the present is merelyto protest against any such impression, as neither Mr. JomrsioNNEW-YORK.THUBgPAY, Nov. IS....expedition,J fier..^ ,. ^.^ ,from this office.p"S_RaI„B, nnnn whose testlmonvGunoarndooih. wans verf«rdavraid,Cook,Liverpool,Frothlngham:I am, Sir, very respectfully,C. DICKINSON, Commissioner, *c.Annual Meeting \at tbe Lionc Island Bible Society.us,delay. 1 do not however, antici-erally. Mr. Treadwell, therefore, caused his arrest pate this result but I expect that we shall be de- Ladriiis Rixvi, Esq., of Jamaica, in the Chair. The Steamer Tacony, Ely, Philadelphia, with adae. to-whomhe caughtin arrested,possible,;Steamship Yorktown, Parrish, Richmond, NorMk,Ac, with mdse. and to Lndlam & Hefaekea. passengers.indFor this he wasvin,penknife.Welsh sent him to p'isoa.and return to the schooner after the Winter hasor we shall endeavor to with ibcoeats owrater, or with both, the ch'iaecfcobmjpelcitshof thestabbedIn addition 4o the benefits which commerce were found to be mainly correct. The Sixteenthwould derive from this new chaimel of transnort- Ward was then entered upon, and on arriving at the The examination into the charge of arson against we are late, wc are in season. Captain iHautFiELD meeting the views of some of the members, it was Ship Volga, (of Boston,) Holm, Cronstadt Sept 19, ^on, emigiation to the fertile regions of the Fifth District a series of remarkable discrepancies' Messrs. Lambert & Perley, in connection with the left this port on the 16th of August, 1852, and4he im- moved that all applications for books be made to the passed Elsinore Sept. 20, and Fair Island Oct. 1, witham informedover 200 votes each, while the opposition can- ecution, but his former testimony was not at all but you are aware of tlie fact that after a certain periodGovernor H.ucson that the whaling canvass represents alllthe Republican candidates as re- of James Peevers, the principal witness for the pros- fleet did not succeed In passing Melville Bay this year,Con-five or fifty miles each, the road itself would carry whom the appeal was made, is now amply provided opening exercises were conducted by Rev. Mr. Mat- which you and your associates have displayed m our work with a will. Here, where distant local- TMhin Ain Ellra. Davison, SonderUnd Sept.tion of the and way,building bysections of twenty- able to announce that the worthy old woman for gregational Church, on State, near Hoyt-street.yours, andwithsincere thanks for the libcraluy and the people addres.sed themselves to the (Jaickstep, Wade, from London.many 30,-^Congress encouragejrivllege to take materials from the public lands, and body of TaoiiAS McCaxldii, who was killed on Tues- BiDDixr.TCJc. and the charge to the Pastor was made delphia, and others who contributed to the Expe- butu.1 be laid upon the table. It had cost Ami much B Lamar, lor LondonWe ask for no exclusive favors.dic^ieii hi<- opposition to preaching politics from theJr.. KsO.. of BostonWashington; Wm. Parker Koolie, Esq., of Phila- abandoned.Hammonia, bf and for Hamburgupon present. ritv for Havana; Huntsville, for Savannah. ShipO.We ask Congress to give us the right of way, thepulpit, "i'he ordaining prayer was made byRev. Dr.-^ach side of thecredit of Government to a reasonable amount as tlieRev. Moses Tatloe.Fall of a Wall —Between 12 and 1 o'clockMoEWS A so careless and inse- Ward's storage-house, on the block bounded by Ir-win,outJMIaeellKBeaBa.road to be progresses,road,and we also ask a loan of theblast. TheevidenceshowedthatanumberofmenBCBGKONLONGSHAW'aNARRATIVE. The return home of Surgeon Longsbaw,memberspresent,repre-sentingdifferenu denominations, and great good feel- to St. Thomas, while at anchor off the BaUery, was runlast, in Sixtieth-street, by a stone thrown from adayfore Ihey resolved upon itin the Mails and were employed by John P. Ccmmings, the contractorwhoTherethirtyBrigQoeen Esther, (Br,.) from EUiabethport boundcarryingconveying troops and munitions of war. They can for opening SUtieth- street, and that their bla^Ung yesterday noon one wall'of .Messrs. GovE,Barer, by Rev. Dr. Stches. and the address to the people by diUon.;He did not wish it acted at Steamship thought, and he desired his co-workers to consider be-;Lncretla, for Liverpool.Q^.^fand Suite, nowstrong courageous, one miiUon of the American ger, was ha.stening away, when the blast exploded feet .square. The damage to the building, wiiich is navik, Greenland, on Aug. 14, when Dr. Loxusraw The photograph of the Prince now on exhibition— iBMoarad o(rf Uunndaeerrwwrniters.)1 F.arrived here. of tn»capital to risk its millions, but we du lusk neighborhooil, and, having been and200 ture from Boston Most ofonJuly 10,By telegraph to Ellwood Walter. Esq.. Secretaryto unite andIt will be done. We ask tliem to take one share each,.warned of the dan- and apiece of stone struck him on the head, fractur-2,(00ing is constructed of brick, 25 feet high, ana aboutto its arrival at Uper- was selected as bearer of dispatches home, becausehad been seriously impaired by his dutiesingficersor Treasurer.Boston 3S hours, in ballast : will load for England. Was towed to thisfavor tliis, field of has indicated.The annual report was read by Rev. J. P. Knox,are of the most compact and adopted and ordered to be read before the public with cotton,. W. Webster, Blake, Galveston 22 ds., ftc. to W. B. Scaranton k Co. expe-and then leave them, secured the againstIslaod 6. F. New- F.bears,firmlyforward advance d^pfits, and sliould we find eitherDavis, Davis, Brown, Carr, Providence, master.Haven, master;set the ice. Early next Spring, we shallpushSloopBOARD OF CANVASSERS.The official canvass of votes polled at the late elec- Busu, who required lum to furnish bail in $1,000 to QI absence. Weby carry with us, however, food chapter of Joshua, followed by prayer. The minutes to Isaac Odell,opened byTo rei^ the rich harvest, however, it is an indispen- tion was resumed yesterday morning before the Board keep the peace. A few vt eeks since Farnum was ar- year'fsuel for that and in the event of our being of the last were then read by the Recording Steamer Penguin, Williams, Providence, with mdsa. taCanvassers,SupervisorNinth Ward was first taken up and all the returnsso tobeletoff*that piteouslylong the freshSecretary, Rev.Gsoboi A.Shiltok,butheMr. Treadwell withdrew theSteamed withmdse.to Alida, Robinson, Philadelphia,to crowd otthheers, uncomfortably room,suppiy.of furs, and tbe vik on Saturday, Aug. 3.Wheat, and 20c. buhelB 5,000 bushels Com. CanalI do not hesitate to express my belief that, although curing books from the American Bible Society, notsblpJohn Foster in tow.hemp, kc, to Y^m. Ropes k Co. Encountered heavy K.portable description.;N. 5B., ds.,bybeing caught by the winter in the middle of the ice. this kind was plainly called for, to prevent fraudShould the prospects of success appear to be pecu-I shall return Southward and winter at one of the Danish settlements.;liarly discouraging,are in excellent and earnest in the afterwards sold them to their own advantage. Mr.oftato, is excellent and fully equals my expectaUons..;tbe west side, in order to attain as high a latitude as ispossible before Winter sets in. DrTKASI went up onthe east side, but Dr. Hatib exoects t(>find the west-ern ebore more free from ice. Having attained per- WuRAT dnU White 52 Red;sales 3,400 bushels Canada carry two boats and a quantity of provisions to some East at 35KC. Coxii, SOc. for Weatem mixed, in lots.In April, or as soon as it Is he will start light enough,for tbe d^pAt and thence over the ice toward the Pole,camring tbe boats to, and them upon the launching79c. for CanadaCnicntKATt Thuradajr, Nov. 19.the Ice as and as rapidlyAll theexcellent health andwere in and enthusiastic aboutfar as possible. officers andsprits, expedluon.White,sUp's company,men,and the roastby preserved fruits, beef,pieminm.mutton and other delicacies given by a firm in Boston, haveopened weU.The scraps contributed b* another firm have beenon the eastern shores of DircoanDdr. LoNOBoHfAw has thoroughly studoifedwltihiechbhoetahnays8iRofthe "BoardofInthe of BenevolentreportEmigrant Societies,":whichand i bad pleased to publish this momlng, are a number of " California Ticket-Swindling Cases," which are as- sumed to have been theto ameliorate the condition of his family, who were in a starving condition, brought:A discussion arose as to the propriety of this sug-gestion, one member decidedly objecting, upon theit would be useless for them to succeed. August is the ground Ship Bavaria, Wood, Havre 27 as., with mdse. and most open montli of the year. draw- Bibles at discretion. He was answered by Rev. 346 passengers to Wm. Whitlock, Jr.tion, to each member, might be advisabletime. To resolution was eventually passed in its original form.the medium between too little work and overworkthe law of jusi measure under which man receives a material. 1 have tried it during the passage, and con- Urn. by Rev. Mr. Teniyck, of the Dutch Reformed B. 11 d»., with lumber to Jed Frje.of the rawreward for his work, in proportion to his faithful- sider the several articles united preferable to the or- Church in Astoria. The Treasurer's reportestimate of success and dinary pemican. Pemican of the finest qualitj may a surplus of $5,000 now in hand; the whole amount re - at time be made of our beef by the addition of reived from sale of Bibles and donations, from No-. „Maduand the true and falsefailure—the world's estimate, which was often super- anyof which we have an abundant supply. With vember last to present date, being $2,832 74. It was witblamber to master.. ad-s..,;•Schr. Adele Felicia, Cartwright Eliiabethportedged failure,donation, and found that a lady and her daughter dilated upon. He said that nations oftentimes, as in- pearronmeosttiocnompanions, and with a vessel well suited for the sum of 12,500 as a donation. Rev. Dr. Coeeii, of Schr.old woman to theirhadnow existed,wisdom of our system of government, and nevercouraged,Trusting our lives and fortunes to the keeping of ganized. He had, he said, closely observedSchr. Eliia, Gregory, Rockland 4 ds., with WIND—Sunset, N. W., very light.the 'Of free been more anxi-experiment government ously regarded than at this time.Okdination. —w as ordained last evening as Pastor of the Firsted, and noticed that, their forces being more concen-I havesettlement every reason to feel greatly en- and to success.and,. ,Schr. Rebecca, McGee. Petersburgh 6 ds., withBelow.The With the best wishes for the prosperity of you and an occasion like this the churches were crowded, One of Dunham k Dimon's ships, supposedupon our work, looking hopefullyuponto be theon aon the spot, and extinguished the fire, after a loss of wTute ground, at the maintop. Dr. Haves Interro- Prince, as who have.was run over lilt rclums of several Wards and adjourned until to-IitWilliam McMancs diedtion.He asked each one indivlduaUy13. off George's„ .^...t-., s>p^oken,yesterday at his residence corner of BalUc and NevinsCopiesreadythe Prince and entire made to the.-Wa.r. s.iKe"nalUed, Nov. II,who fellupon nota at the AtlMtic ..ill aek none to go where lam "''-'"f „r? i' J^'t)ofrc,TPT~No». 75. 70. 77. 81, M, 83, &), 85, f7. 88, 89, 90, able. Tlif;e-el «a-ol^.ngdi.mal andas inferior one elsewhere. He displaying^-^^^^rlScTASTE WOMAN.and ironing, at her own'-I. '.'2. ^>4. ;:.> -IT. I'O.av3.[^a three or four yearstcurtes J.42. Ion. ~asifoililuowas (ijIilliyj^gj„,„,..'it,aTsckRV. Idevisitforalbums.Trade supplied at a liberal discountGURNEY A SON, Photographic Artists, No. 707 Broadway.6410.••through inhoUisetway Island col- hot* jou will swear by the star alwv us .o -j'"-^°J,';TlxOro~'LATrWE ~s-r::ffES~'BrAship and by me, andrespectableto trie future.trated, the enthusiasm was far greater, and thatwasabout went cut as surgeon to the Hayes Arctic Expedition, ing seemed to prevail.1 will 8t.it.d by you all for goou hf-td in the cabin that,;At aboiii threeNas.«au-street belonring to .^Ir. Coit, of New-York, of the expedition until July 15, when all hands were tograph to Messrs. Gor-iet * Son., if they would go Golden Fleece, (built at Aberdeen in l»«i.-»^;f^„ ^jpUFlRE—o'clockyesterdayTessulssak.of interest occurred from the time of the departurebv II. Brown, and from thisand occupied spreadon thewhere having assembled, the American flag wasimmediately repaired",iSffr^oSm^New-york GoldenVleece arrived at San FranciscoingConsul, to Boston.pro'»'>^J''Sss to°»<as Treasurer was filled proA.Leonard, (Br.,1 McKenny, St. Andrews, N. Harriet and Hannah. Wallace. Ehxabetbport,youare«S otbwfccalorgans, as weU as the conaUtutiooal from them.the onlysurvey harbor, while Or. Loxoshaw was sales 20,000 buAeU at 47e. Oat* steady at 2Se.sailed forOn the followhig day Gibson C. CAaannms, a na- 133,000«ales9,M0 hub- tended by ttie officers and crew of the VitUed SlaU$, els Canadian at Me.; 4,400 busbeli do. stSTc, aad and also by the Danish officials. The 10,000 bushels do., to go to Toronto, on private terms.easierreported is 6,000 bsati.M pertr^o^uS'L"^"^Dr.'SaiMl pledget Usof theday, 4,400 bbls. 00,000 bush. Wheat, 31,000 bush. Flour,premium.York doll, at ^iFlocs doll and declined, atand declined heavy 9c.;red294i812,300 bales at Exchange on New-York H discount Firm.C.poor (Brem.,1 Koller, Bremen, LullngshowedSchr.with ooal for New-Haven. „, ^ ,andSimpsonwith coal for 8 ds., with lumberities had to be represented, a comparatively Ship Ashburton, fromscanty attendance was the result. It was One Br. ship, unknown. ._G,l.._„_ /.«oman. erces given On the Itih of July, ''(V- ''''L heavf s» eU off ladies, if you want to purchase an elegant set of Furs the country.< clip-i of 'he>"""'> r.Vf.'rence ie required2,20 East,; -^„„,rAdvertlMmeiit.]"Thcs Far and No For-thkr."—Visit Knox'S-'"^"^''f°i'^i''','%i^.;bos^°J'ge""iast place for two days, No..AX^e^l?'''^,V. fsVily washing can prolure thefor sale oflargest platesaad Kvnx, !'m;i ;-'''"*•as""•'•' 1 ,.,, „ibe- is a f rBt-r.itc washer andironer.virvhi." v :!;' '-'-'f .« .:! .^'J- -•-Call atW.ingbutthe toJ. ASon.s „Mmoved and passed that the Long Island Bible Society River. coalfor Fall'"sch^fslHaiard, Blllard, Eliiabethport, with coalooal for Boston. '"sch^.'sSMdary, Clark, Kondoat,with hme._i,v ,.^1 make over to the Parent or American Bible Society San Jacinto, Anderson, EUiabethport, with coalplastertoD. R.De Wolff. „ ^ „„(;WestTihle.beilt in 1831, and owned by E. A Wade and others,FleeceLondon June 18, for St Johns *< F;- f^i nridsh ship New-York, his willingness to sit for his pho- and has not yet arrived. It i» ««i»-&C. of Boston, steering t..;;bat.u." •—- w»a»s« aun - i''''.k.ti -f of www.fultonhistory.com 