 ar, and Ju*.hanervent; P refag© in TLiaane aoaef new>,in win** counted, i* poteohwfll- * ily untahoi r a t o n t b encrasionof , the only , would be V©T*al W - rr and butw>taed; for e b e o r e r - esed thattbna teeOOdaa tfeeBOth'tageC >urg«.£ cuppings which he ttoeoafcra-TO*; rtUv*ry* Tb*Jh* South.'"r oorrea- be last of ding it as Ciliated it tlBUNH— i) shouldanother/knew noBALTIMORE,Thursday,Sept.6,I860... ionclnded by which the Br< akin ridge forces^ were • Mr. Douglas arrived from Frederick at 4 p. m. He* THE PfiDfCE EEFFSESfti REC0OTE THEM.foUowodbyMsparty,ian-laDiUff War^iS^ggS^'SSift^S<SS^S?^;»^V^#^^^ organizaticji.. Theywereheadedbyamoaatedchie/# more villainous in aepeot than all thOTost, notwitk-P ace without their assistance. A demonstration of similarnaturewasmadebythevolunteertroopswho we?0 to act a* military escort, and who appeared open••%•'Holes*of a partiaaa character, jor to enteraoy place.fSENATORM^LISatBALTIMOREmdravfe *'smt-Ttis,ax & f overed ntar flieTr baunersvWbere rooh was propoeed t > him.xLffiaa* ahall aee the pro >riety of this deouion,-theydeserTd thathisprogreet among them shall xxxu tjomet©anabrupt termination.TheJovmcl cf Cvmmerdt says that we were roxnatateinannouncingth;itabargain had beenFrom W^l^inffoii.' .St*«U D1*e*4<A U>The N. Y. Trttw^circnmstances^Jje more protectingly employed; and, to of anxiety as to the reijolt. The structure upoaSvhlch of«riad, left Ottawa in carriages for the Kttle. town of anunprejudjojfcobserver,'theexpediency,ofusing thepassengerstandsis-bynomeanscalculatedtoadd Aylmer,ninemilesdistant,whererusticcrowdsdi6" handkerchiefs. to express 'feminine welcome,,which to bis confidence. It is a rough raft eotapoBoH of 16 or playing rural decorations, signified a cordial greeting.elowly to move away, tnoir band* playing tbe dgtfi- cant tunesnf "CroppiesLie Down,"and ''The Boya* Waters,*' /as they marched. They dispersed only teing anebidswhfd XecetpUtortheweek.969.OO0J* moats*e misfor- acb frottt ittal can-will eoi- :r> it that itioas.etropoEs for pra- ; nothing; -en fromi a New->u?'i« axxf State C»m- »oo-op*ra--4, if po-rf- ttee B«a. l*fr**a£s Ut'd Omhi-NA V AL APPOINTMENTS.j.—net profusely, but with exceeding neatness. Some Breckinridge says that he supported Cass and Butler of the arches Were unusually ingenious in design; and shop toward a sloop lying at th 9 prison-do*k crying, in opposition to Gen. Ta-vlor, because they represented one, a huge collection of rough boards, piled closely*'Come on, b o y s ! " He was followed by three or his principles. Cass had jest then written his famous together, in symmetrical form, to a great night, with-four other oozrvicts, and alao two keepers on board the Nicholson letter, supporting this dogma of non-inter- out the aid of a single nail or prop to sustain it, was an vention by Congress in the question of "Slavery in the admirable type of the main product of the regiouaud•loop, where a desperate etrog^le ensued for the com- Territories. Cass, Breckeuricge, and himself weremaodof the sloop. Durii-g tBe affray tbe keener of then all in fa*or of this d >mga of non-intervention— the popular vocation. Long before 11 o'clock, theKelley was dangeroualy scabbed in the Imnbar region tley all worked under the same harness. The god-like space inclosed for the authorized spectators of the im- of the back. Captain Lafarge, of the sloop, was aUo Webster, the immortal Clay, and the whole Whig pending ceremony was overwhelmingly filled, and itTHE PROPOSED PXJSIOi: Hf NEW-YORK.Ualega the Ca-to be aided to the Dongia*- Bell-Everett conglom- was received at the depot by a large concourse of hisfriends, who enthusiastically cheered him. The orowd cv oration, from whose fasion ;he political cauldron followed his carriage to the Gilm»ro House. On. emitsnewthepowerfulvaporsofaputrefyingmix- reachingthehotelacopyofMr.Breckinridge'sspeechjtare, and new the startling odors of irrepressible was placed In his hands. He immediately stripped off, and, awaiting his baggage, wrapped himself up iu;• ccnfliot. According to The Journal, the Breckin- a blanket, and then lighted a cigar, he read the speeoh . ridgers nave not yet been brought in, and it is of Mr. Breckenridge through before dressing himself. At 8 o'clock this evening he was serenaded by the rather doubtful whether they can be. We are Bluesbund, and immediately appeared onthelower .-• s o r r y t o h e a r i t . W e h a d ] t o p e d f o r a c h a n c e a t b a l c o n y . H e w a s g r e e t e d w i t h c h e e r s , a n d p r o c e e d e d with a stentorian voice to address au immense con- themalltogether,andtrurtthatevenyetthe courseoflisteners,beingfrequentlyinterruptedbypleasure may not be denied us. IX>nt be offish, cheers.atanding;the cavalier finery with wMch he was be- decked, and the pompons airs of authority he asscuned.gentieaaeni.Blmck ipirKs and white, Ked tpirlu %nd fray. Mi. rV natogU, mincie, Ye that mix tU> » » y !. The.pase.^ge of a "timber-shoot" is cot to be forgotten |w«dfe» the present fond ambition of he twelve thou-•certain „ conditions of weather [the Canadian publicshould be admonished to moderate the eagerness of its fore trusting hinuxelf to its precarious chances, and -aH. hisr party, excepting Earl St. G^mains, with the: j| forthwiJh sent^ to the boat.- TMi was accordingly enthusiasm. It is not good to see a multitude of men addition of the Marquis of Chandos, who is now trav- done, and tbe unhoCored visiters Were fairiy m condi-'THE LATE$T NEWS, doctrine by manv apt and amusing illustrations and analogies, and said the Slavery question must be settled by local exigencies. Whe-e Slavery was profitable BY there it would go; where it was not, there it would never be legislated into existence.. Visionary, fanati- MAGNETIC ^LEGRAPH. cal men of the South thought because Shivery was de- sirable in certain localities, it ought to exist everywhere. FanaticsattheNorththought,becauseitwasnot desirsble there in that section, it ought to be abolishedits dangers. A timid man would think many times be-pists and abo'ished it It was a great error to suppose Senator Slidell and Senator Thompson, as well Congressional legislation could regulate the matter. as the Administration gen< trailjr—Mr. Buchanan If it was found contrary to the interests of the people of any Territory to have Slavery, all the powers in-,;orajraogement for fa*ion in New-York against was found to be to the interest ot the people to have Slavery there it would go in defiance of the attempts Mr. Ldncoln, which shall be a practical ignoring of to prohibit it. It was a fundamental principle of toeby a large party of lumbermen, paddling their birch where the canal ianearly 50feet in width, the progress the rapids again compelled a tough walk df a mile Orange leaders. Of course the conference was inef- is not. rapid,, but as it. narrows, to 20 feet I among rocks an* brambles to the spot wire?3"the river fective. Ttie Duke's notification that a propel time'r^ f^«t- . t^rjS 000} Dxafuiwued..1,141,000Orangemen maintain their stand with more dogged- men met them at the depot, and, with torches and fire- ness than ever. -TJ ;'••: r rVft.<^xv; ...fffj,55)B«BBE5&e>xim..•.-,.*.-•. ,,'•*..•Ajsrr>SPEAKS. Beply to Mr. BreckfnnJ; ,,.v\<^ ;•-I1He commenced by expressing his devotion to the Union, and his determination to exert all the powers of the Constitution for its preservation and permanency. He would ask nothing for his own State—no right and no immunity that he would not grant to the Southern States. He proceeded to define the Non-interventionplaces,withrnatted*hairandstreamingfaces,allheedtopopularadulations. '" I <•"}mournful with blighted hopes of jubilee; but as this is ParHameht is laid, and it may bo that three years wiHlibera may*Tia$t>men party.weretheninfavorofihesamedogma.Itwajwasnotwithoutdifficultythatthewaycouldbeever saw in eo small a space together. Not one of them would have.shrunk from the labors of Hercules. The bow oarsman was six feet seven inches in hight, andtheotherswerenottobe'lookeddownupon,even/by him. The promise of their appearance was fulfilled by the strength with which they urged the boat across the iiver. The barge was soon reached, and after; an extravagant round of cheering and whooping from the tnrbulant.eonte8tant8, who all around stood 'unsteadily in their fragile craft,, the races' commenced.; The first was for. canoes with eight men, in wMch, throagh some mistake, a crew of six Algonquin Indians from the Gatineau Rive r j oined. Of course they were easilyIt is reported that a pronunciamiento in favor of the party,wearingallthe•insigniaand.robeselectionofex-PresidentComonforttoauthorityfatof their order, and carrying, banners with in- Mexico has been planned, and is about to be pro- scriptions peculiarly distasteful to their opponents, the claimed. .<e,..*-«: ^tlrom Virginia City, that it is tttcertauied that a party of seven white men who had been n>rasingsome time, were burned to death near Pyramid Lake, by the In- ciana. Their charred remains jvere foaud chained to• i > Political.ALBANY; Thursday, Sept. 6,1860.ately attracted a vulgar rabble, who streamed after<fi\K$er.-and to see a Prince, not to mention a host of Vxikta in the world. The stream is precipitated-from variousandEarls,andnoendofsuperbofficers,daBhingalong, sidesandinnumerousjets,whichmeefandgettangledlittle after noon, they formed a procession of more than amJle in length, ia whioh no man appeared with outidsribbonsoforangeand blue,wMlemanywere arrayed in wide gowns of red or white, bearing openhe could not remain in Sustex more than two weeks, and 'Utimated that unless the case should be got ready by Monday next, it would be useless to attempt It un-' s»fatally stabbed in the side. Toe convicts were finally on this dogma that Breckinridge was elected. s'driven ashore by other officers. The plot has been In 1856 he (Dbuglus went to Kentucky and addressed cleared for the entrance of the Prince and his suite. hatcbogformonths,andKellyexpectedaboutone tbepeoplothereforthr^emortalhoursonthisques- •Promptlyat11theys*a-uggledthrough,and^tooktheirjbandrea1 convicts to take part ir the insurrection.V e r m o n t E l e c t i o n . MONTPELIZR, Thursday, 3*pt. 6,1860.' middle of > wi" mt«tI860. Th*. i o j *pead •dijr oarrjr*reo9iviag itb-iixe fat JKothr© tZDO»t *•&-. ir-"g. esp*- <h epfv . Taa£p-;.rticn- ' 5speod- e*t that laerror. 4 gone, Jwkin-t -t'.yet d*. over i* most j-wtne- Us SUC-h*>«Wr ;a>iti*e - £C fciin . ! cf the. a^oiiogir sadfabwig:6 p*ttunnege has been increased by yE-s^erd-iy's arrivals but BJR not I anything unengaged is readily taken up The shii:r»wniad to" bn? m doubt i to hiisir*?, a n - '•ft woes tfea+to benae>&air}Pro-CandP.ce aa5, bas.break?atwaIthe t;zen* .. "cue*,their theirfecfcryfens*•osrfcu*c /uldftSOSrj the roooo their ever, wifr-& ha» aiioation of Popu'ar Rovejeignty; He had explained it to.thi* assemblage ao-nignt, and Breckinridge stood by hisside applauding him as he progressed, and patting himon i,the t ack for his efforts in behalf of this dogma. within it; and it seemed, after being intensified by theRomanCatholics,andhaving,moreover,erectedarches,covered with the same emblems and legends, the Cath-olics addressed a remonstrance to the Doke, expressingtheir; disinclination to, join in any procession thus com- Bank, bas just appeared. It ia also altered to PittsfkWdo far, 138 Republicans to 13 Democrats.He declared then that the wnole South was sound on Prince would or would not emerge perfectly solid, but-the dogma. Now, we in Hlonis, are threatened to be at the required signal he stepped forth, without the vunted down by the very in *n we then r.iised to theSA V ANNAH, Thursday, Sept. 6. I860. she lies well up on the beach, and *asy; she makes butSPreeJdent^d- Elector.ton yesterday. He had charged him W4th a breach of faith in relation to the decision of the Supreme Court. Now, he held that no honest man would "oppose a deci- sion of tbe Supreme Court. If Mr. Breckinridge had not been nominated he (Doug as) would have beatthenj3wifirly distributed by the attendant masons, and the stone lowered into its position again. It bore an inscription importing that the building of which it would form a part was " intended" to receive the Par- liament of Canada. The indirectnoes of the phrase was especially observed, in view of the doubts, whichJN• —I —Staie PoIliicH.SYRACUSE, Thirnday, Sept. 6,1860.-Vice-Presidency en the dogma. slightest air of having undergone a trying ordeal.' distanced; but, notwithstanding their fatigues, whenlittle water. The cargo is not muchwet. The chaaoee {v -^Tbe District Oornm^tofs bav» xnurned 'he nameB ofth& Electors on the straight JKnigias ticket, and the Lincoln in every State beet Vermont and Massa-ticket will be published forthwi Jbui* !J L a t e r f r o m C a l i f o r n i a .ST. JOSEPH Thursday, Sspt. 6, 1860. Advices from San Francisco to August 25, and fromchusetts.He then proceeded to repeat his-views as expressedsatisfaction to the racers, afforded a picture of tbe. moat".vjvid and sparkling character. All the visitors ap- unprecedented energy—one savagely denouncing the and N.N. W . from near the horizon, to within 30° of tbepeared, to vastly enjoy the sport, wMch "leached its originators cf the difficulty, the other applauding zenith was as rosy as the dawn. The stars shoneThe Pony Express arrived | at San Francisco on the 23d of August, with S-. Louis dates of the 10 h.The news fir'm the K*utu'kyj and North Carolina ejection* puts «heBell and Everett men in good spirits,Nominations for Congress.- supposed that he would return by the«ame passage .as that through which became, and the Shopes of royal •;contact became vtry d^enpite all along the route. ButJightproceefcioh, in which individqals of sportive fancy ditu-ns previously laid down/were submitted to. Ac- Mr Wood, in his reply, accordingly requested-tbe took part, arraying themselves in guise cf animals, cordiugly, at four o'clock on Tuesday afternoon t'.ie Breckinridge State' Central Committee to appoint a with fire spouting from their horns, and with luminous " Kingrton " a •peared arid was greeted with the usual Sub-Committee of Conference.•SM iH ^ ^ ^ i S ^S^I^^^^^^^^^S]Cheers and laughter] glowing uniforms with which it was suddenly flooded,InSeptember, 1856, Mr. Breckinridge visited thatitmusthaveawakecedsensationscomparedwithBank, Illinois. , . 'Beturaafrom onehundredio»7nafo-tup: Fair-banks, 18,024; Saxe, 6^268; Harvev. 1.380. EepuB- Illinois,.and spoke fu st in behalf of this dogma, and he which thoee of Sbadrach would have been luxurious.poeed, or to walk under arches which professed toproclaim their ehamet. At the same time they avowedtheir readiness to relinquish their own standards, andto participate as citizens only, in the celebration.Perceiving that the peaceful progress of the Piince'stour wi&a threatened, the Duse immediately answeredthat no party displays of this character could.be are favorable for saving the ship and cargo, as soon Miican gain sinoetootyear, 2.041. j air. Fairbftnkb's major- explained it so well that.he could not restrain himselfity in the State will exceed 20vCj00. The House stands, from expressing his delight by patting him on the back. I am sure there were some doubts as to whether the"»' ' 'The Steamship Chesapeake.at Norfolk, declaring that the election of no man even yet exist, in regard to the occupation of Ottawawould be a cause for the diffcolution.of the Union, and be would bang any man who wOjUld raise his hand to break up and dissolve this Union, as high as Virginiaas the. capital of the Province. As soon as the etone was fixed in its place, the Prince|. took from Sir Ed-them and assailing the Duke of Newcastle and his ad- visers with that splenetic vulgarity which so many of tbe minor journals-of Canada revel in. The leaders of the Orangemen, who had prepared a dis jlay of con-faintly through the wonderful dome, and for some ma*' utes. only those of the first magnitude were visible at all. The eplendor of the scene timed all heads ska ward, and the conductors on some of the city cava for-MILWAUKEE, Thursday, Sept. 6, 1860.. and they are pusning their Su te organization ensr- '. Judge A. S. Sloan was nominated for Congress by 'here the crowd was misled by a too exuberant antici-tails. It seemed to be very much enjoyed by every- body, especially the unwary spectators wno were spouted at, and! had their clothes burned. ;saulut^i hut after mbvu-g slowly to a position com- manding a f»ee view of the principal streets—which were then filled.wi'h-grcupscf Orangemen all striped and badged with.yellow and red stuffs,'she quiejtiy letThe Breckinridge State Central Committee meets at the Astor House to-day at noon, when the «orreepen- dence will be made public^- STABBING AFFAIR IN THE FOURTH WARD*—Last night* two men, named Shay and Cornelius Sullivan, got into an altercation at No. 31 Roosevelt street, conoersing a warrant that the former had procured forIt geticaCy. k tbe Republican Convention of the Illd District jeBter- pation. Retreaiing once more through the flaming There is little State nev-«. All the polit&iins are day. pavilion, the Prince disappeared through a door sud-prepa/isg for the four State Con venii£es to 5e> held at oacraaBonto, Dotween the 20ch of Aogost and 12th of September.ACBCRN, Thursday, Sept. 6,1860. denly revealed by the displacing of a large portrait ofMajor William C. Beardsley of Auburn was nomin- the Queen, in much the same manner as Geanaro dis- ated by acclamation for Congress from the XXYth. Sunday was tolerably quiet. The Prince rode tochurch, and ventured the indiecretioo of walking home, fall the anchor and held aloof, surrounded, however, theconsequenceofwhichwasthathispartyimmedi- byfleetsofcrowdedsteamboatsandsmallercraft.•Aco-respondentofTheSacramento Union, writes District,bytheDemocraticConventionto-day.appearsthroughthesecretpaunelinthesecondactof " Luoreaia Borgia." His Buite followed him, and an hour was profitably passed by the populace in sage conjecture as to tbe'chances of his; return, during thetrees. Tbe head and chest of one of them wis not substituted John Munn of Utica on1 the Electoral ticket burned, and by this means theVest were identified as in place of Huntington. Mr. Munn has accepted. .in holding a levee at the Vioioria House.The levee was pot needlessly protracted, and was which is to be variously effected by railroad, Steam- which was serious,and Shay was beaten about the.the party wto left California f<r the Washoe Mines, laatsy,.undercommandofNormanCoupild,formerly from Cambridge, Washington, Nsw-York.Large nmnoeni of emurraots continnw to arrive at Carson and Honey Lake Valleyi, conauting mostly of families. ' . 'MILWAUKEE) Thursday, Sept. 6,1860. TheBreckinridgeSmteCommitteemetinthiscity yesterday. About 150 .delegates were in attendance;boat;hoises;andcanoes..FromBrockvilie,wherehe earnestloyalists,gaverisetofrequent argrydiscus- headandcutinthenecki OfficerHarringtonofthe. remains Monday night, he passes on to. Kingston*, sions, which many apprehended would .tennmate m Fourth Ward hearing the disturbance, hastened to thel a k e r ' s IaUnd.' TooBritish bark Katbieen saflod from Honolulu with•a cargo of imaber, about Aug. 6, for Sidney. JF!reB#BOSTON,Tauriday.Sept.6,i860. The Washington Hotel, and i tables adjoining, inof New-York.No Fever at Charleston.CHARLKSTON^Thursday, Sept. 5,1860.fail to witness. For a " timrver-ehoot," though hardlya perilous, ia by no. means a simple or easy, operation;quite within the limits of the city, and whicri; I think, is the most extraordinary display of wat*riruh madfor the ceremony entirely into their own hands. A ditionally tb Ate request. Judge Whelpley stated thatproperty was not of much value.In^Medford, lastnight,*firedeetroyedthe Aims-Houseoca ombailcbngH. Com $6,000.two which occurred.before you left, 1 hope it was a unsubstantial frame-work of logs |between tbem and dron, Hence its name, ' Other falls, leas singu* hse f ;und it impossible to arrange for the trial upon,The Union and Democratic State Committees have best part of which his Royal Highness was occupied,in spite of their effrontery, failed to conceJ.their evi- drew knives with a view of butchering each other.Brockville, by the circuitous- route of Aylmer, Chats dent perturbations, tbe displeasure of the respectable Sullivan received two stabs in the breast, neither,of Portage, Arnprior, and Almonte,, the traversing of citizens, and the heated denunciation8 of the moreand nominated a full Electoral ticket.followedbyahalf-publiclunch,atwhichhealthswereproposed and drank with that careless absence of in-formation respecting the precise nature of the toasts which he reaches at noon on Taesday.violence. The Catholics, holding the be*, position inyspot, and separated the combatants. Sullivan was the difiicuitv, could afford to waitquietlr for the issue; conveyed to the Station-House- and sent thence bygSlfll;- ,.,*. V9Mivi :.'.<u•%,-TIlEl^ITOFiffli^S^^SU^^^SM:^ e r y ^ g ^ nan^iumber loaaedwithcurv^usobcervers., ,y*^^»***^lA•*>^Y ^';.•.•>^•.'•''..•': w:^,.;;*..-tjf.V-, . ,, , -./i -• .••- ^ • ^.\f*'jmr.r*:.;.:^;<f ••:,»•-;¥•.Partizam Parade and Arch.understandK I N G S T O NL E F T _ . .. ITJ1STVISITI2LVc n f o r c e d by the narrow. velocity,nntilit dartsd through the ^ i r - p f f i ^ ^ ^ ' ^ ^ ^ suggested by the summons four tours, stoutly vpwing that no landihg should takeFrom Our Own Reporter. OTTAWA,C.W.,Sept.3,1860.It rained when the Prince tobk leave of Montreal,4 With immeMU^Ie sr^d. The «rr,wda ^ « ^ t ^ ^^ - m&y'doub^«>.tnni <>«a thriving« « » * #understood to be a season of diversions and .merry- in a day. BVwever unimpressive familiarity and repe-j^dicitijsens.makings, it is perhaps best to mitigate the worst rigorsof the narrative. I must, however, say that under to treat its hazards lightly, it is by no means without-•everywhere. We on the plains of Illinois once tried have to be wrung dry at brief intervals to insure their 17 unhewn logs fastened together by treenaile, and There he embarked upon the Ottawa for Chats Port- assemble in mascr meetmgr^ during the eveumg; atSlavery. Whenitwasfound incompatible;wish our floatingifttheair,ispeculiarlydoubtful. • interests it was abolished. When, it was found wecould not make any moneyen it we turned philanthro-included*—are evidently utte :ly opposed to any sort Christendom could nol force it upon them. So if it esting. The steamboat was met, just below the city, pose, at his half-cox cealed trepidation. At; the outseJ, noes to a place called " Half-BSle Portage;^-wb&re^WASHnroTON, Thursday, Sept, 6, 1860.further strengthened by twoorthreetransversetim- age, aemaH village station, remarkable for the ex- ,whichthesame spnMtof etubBornness wasdisplayed, treme beauty of the caacadss into which the river, is iand resolutions impljping "Nc^SfcrrendSr'' were're-been longer, if faith in the weather had been stronger. the more accustemed voyageura; who wonder at his rupted! From Chats Portage the passengers, after at which the Duke of ITewcastle ao.wellas-the Pnafi* walking around the falls; were conveyed( in birch ca- were beartDy abused, and which resulted in the simple AB it was, they were somewhat novel, andquite inter- inexpertnees, or, perhaps, if he be not strong of pur- appointment of a Committee to "confer" with thebers, oyerwhicb, again," throe heavy logs are laid. -Friday evening. The reception ceremonies would have Upon one of these last he is insecurely perched, arm&ng broken, and by which navigation is once more inter- newed. A. meeting of the City Council was alad b*ti.The royal party reached Ottawa just before dusk, oncanoe8,"in regular prccweion, and singing in chorus again becomes navigable. The canoes, which had Would be alio ved for the turbulent partisans to- give the Breckinridge wing. Tei i Electors are required. Federal compact that each State should be left to make their " voyageur songs," which are hardly songs &t> at meet, at the begmning of the first descent, the f j^e n i>0Tne way; after which, if the disagreeable demonstration*"If not granted, then look out for. consequences. laws adapted to its circumstaccee.all, but mere wild, imperfect chants, wholly unmelodi- " crib"is swept along with a violence wMch nothing can on" the shoulders of the lumbermen/ouS) though strongly accented, in order to mark the check. For about'thirty yardsit rushes down a smooth -were relaunched, and the passage to Arnprior continued; the public landing would be prevented, wasHe next referred to the Wilmot Proviso, as an at-trough, or spout, through which, the water slides unin- was rapidly effected. Thence to Almonte—a- fanph at received'with contempt. The- night passed withoutthe residence of Mr. McLaughlin, an extensive lumber ,tbe general illumination that had been expected, and' terrupted; but at the foot, where the course is level the morning found the Orangemen fully alert, andThere are tender-footed Br eckinridge men here,'Just as these are at New-York and elsewhere, who tempt to enforce an unconstitutional infringement on time for the dip of their padiles. Some of these weretie right of ihe people to govern themselves, and to French, and a few pure Indians; the remainder weresay that the admit-aion of an Elector of their stamp regu ate their domestic affairs. He Held that the right Scotch and English. Either from the roughness of for a short dittance, it plunges deeply, pushing huge dealer, mterrening. Toe route was traveled-in car-on the ticket, is a* good as ten or any other num- of the master to his slave was independent of the Fed- waves-upon the banks, and splashing the spray high riages—a dirty,bot, and wearisome route; at the end more strongly disposed to hold out than ever. A new1 eral Government, by virtue of local laws. t their life, or from their.constant association with the of which everybody was- smeared and sooted like a procession was formed, in which the offensive colore Alluding to the Secessionists, he said that their doc- still untamed denizens of the forests, their manner and above the.heada of those who cling to it. Here, the were more boldly flaunted than before, ^ever/do wm'ber; but the suggestion dt es not go down withthe proud and strong men a ;this point Of. these trine was to force Slavery,where it was not wanted. aspect were as strange and uncouth, as if civilization ;'." crib" is almoBt entirely submerged, and would be band of minstrel Ethiops> with the fine, brack dust-areunquestionablythePresident,Mr.Cobb, Mr. TbryagreedwiththeBlackEepublicansin'theasser- h»dnorealholduponthem. Theywerequiteasun- whollyBO,butforaningeniouslyarrangedfloatofwhichflewindensecloudsallalongtheway,andset- totbeverysideofthesteamboat,whichhaddrawmToucey, Mr. Slidell, Mr. Stevens, Gren. JLane, &c.THB TREASURY. ' XbeamouttotheTrwutur.subject to draft, at the oloee orone to force Slavery where. people don't want it; the subdued in their demonstrations as the mostriotouso fother to abolish it where people do want it. One* the natives could he. Preceded by these wild woods- it is, the inadvertent,are likely to be drenched to theirhalf blinded, the royal party started in railway cars .uponthelastpartoftheday'sjourney. Qoicklypass-•rally, did not stir, and only a few of the suite were to be seen this morning, sitting in plain clothes upon the deck, reading, smoking, and ecratimzing with opera-U*t w»»k WTM * 4 163.0O-. [ -RedaetlcAS from loot 'Orafujpaid..$1,498,000The greatest curse that could befal the'country wasto have sectional parties, but th«e was one remedyforsectional strife, the old Democratic creed, non-inter- swung leisurely up to the'dec-rated wharf, preparedvention by Congress with Slavery in the Territories in fcrthe reception ceremonies. The^sharp bluffs upon is repeated, with the same mad crash at the end. Tnising over some 50 miles, they arrived, at Brockville aiabout 8 o'clock in the evening, where an unexpectedly glasses the movements of the crowd. As I dose, tbetion of tie right of Congress to interfere with Slavery; heavy logs, which breaks the force of the deocent. As tled thickly upon every countenance. Begrimed and into the dock at an early hour. The royal party, natu-wantsCorgreestointerfereagainsttheNorth,and the other against the Sonth.men,whoshoutedandsang,andbrandishedtheirarms about, and beat the water into foam with their stout paddles, in a sort of half frantic excitement, the boatwaists,andthe most cautious are not eequre fromthorough wetting. While the, water yet pours 'bverthe logs, they tip for another descent, and after a rise andfalllikethatofaporpoise,theswiftnoiselessglidegenerousdisplayawaitedthem.Aprocessionoffire-Joan Chambers has been appointed Clerk of the States, or in tbe District of Columbia. Then he re- which the city stands were crowded with people who recurs over and over again for nearly three quarters of works, lighted the way through the town to the wharfl£ TSyTi»legraph.I /*£>.BELLVILLE, C. W., Thursday, Sept 6, I860.* Upon tbe srri\ al of the Prince ofWales fro* Kings- ton, the Orangeman turned out here to receive him, buthe refusee to land, and left for Coburg this forenoon.ThiadeJphiaNavyYardinp^iceofE-F.Christie ferredtoBreckinridgesspeech,whichhesaidhadlustily testified their greetings, until tbe increasing severity of the storm drove them from their exposed situation. It was found necessary to abandon the pro-amile,untilatlast,creakingandsnappingfromitswherethesteamboatKingstonlay,onboardwhichthej e moved.- George W . Collier of Majryland has been ap-only been plactd in his hands oh his arrival here to- night, and to which he proposed briefly to respond. He said Breckinridge', in defending the action of thePrince passed the night.- The illtiminated arches were numerous and well constructed, and the houses through: out the.town were lavishly decorated. It was a finerA t t e m p t e d E s c a p e f r o m S i n ? S i n g . intervention. They could not have been elected on any other.SING SING, N. Y., Th ir*iay, S.-pt. 6, 18G0. Th* notorious Tom Kelly, who has bad a cbain and.COBURG, C. W., Thursday, Sept. 6, i860. The Prince; arrived here at 9 o'clock this evenitMT* There w ^ c no B'gneof an Orange demonstration. Ho the' Duke had already protested, had arrayed them- attends a ball to-night, and sleeps in the Postmaster*ing to escape, managed daring i. change of keepers this afternoon, to cut them looae, ani stai*t*d from the bat-to Bee t^e Democratic party bryken up. i1."JSim"3mSecessionists, charged the Frohj-sfereet Theater Con-contest with the boiling stream, the "crib" is shot out with a swdop, and floats once more tranquilly in the open harbor./Until hist Saturday, not more than five persons hadever gone through the "shoot" on a single'raft.' ThePrince was accompanied by more tban twenty, but thesaperior strength and the security of MB "crib" wouldhave made it postable even for others to take passage li#ht impediment that caused the delay. Events of the There is a difference of opinion whether this will seousethe landing of the Prince here or not.The str-ets,are crowded-to-night, and the arches anddecorations are rapidly approaching completion; Tao Prince is expected to arrive here to-morrow afternoon.pointed second Lieutenant offMarines in the place vention with attompting to foist on the Democracy a posed procession, and, immedtately after landing, theOf W . A. K rkland resigned. Dr. Edward Sparks new dogma and tbe leader of that,dogma of nonrinter- Prince was conducted to the new Victoria House, ar-has been appointed N. Storekeeper at the Naval vention. All my friends asked at Charleston was re- ranged for his occupation during the Ottawa visit,evening demonstration than any the Prince had before Thousands of people had congregated to receive him,affirmation of the Gincinnati platform, on which all further public movements being deferred till the Academy at Annapolis. Buchanan and Breckinridge were nominated andAt a meeting of the District Lodge last night, the Orangemen decided. to parade by themselves and not had been expected on Tuesday morningi It was no interfere wMr the citizens reception of procession.elected. That platform asserted the doctrine of non- next day. . ,On Saturday the oitkens were stirring at the earliest hour.- The streets were active with masses of people, good Democrat or a friend to the South who stands all seekingone destination—the site of the new Parlia^ where he stood four ye*rs ago—that a man who holds ment BuDdiug, of wMeh the corner-stone was to-be ball attached to him for thrte oi four da; efor attempt- this doctrine is no better tban an Abc-litionist, and that laid by the royal band. The place was well decoratedrather than have this dogmarecognized he would prefermost mortifying nature had transpired at, Kingston, the intelligence of which, when received by the Duke of Newcastle, demanded especial attention and con- sideration. It was discovered that the Orangemen • of, Lower Canada, against whose partisan, demonstfationsDESPERA TE AFFRA Y AND MURDER.Now. Mr. Breckinridge tells you that no man i3 aat thejeame time. On emerging at the foot of the fun-nel, he was surrounded by hundreds of canoes, each ofwhich sought the distinction of conveying j him. to alittle island close at hand, whence he was again to betraosported to a barge 'commanding a view of someraces which were to take place. It haopened-that thecance wnich he chose was one belonging to andmanned by: United States lumbermen, who seemedquite as delighted at the selection, and quite as ferventin their enthusiasm, as any British 'subjects could be. Orangemen of Toronto having announced an intention From tbe ialand to the barge, he proceeded in a boat of assembling in great numbers to welcome the TOwed by a crew of the moet superb looking men Istations in a little pavilion, which was eo fiefy with bright red decorations that one's face warmed to lookCounterfeit Note*.In alluding to Mr. Breckinridge's speech, he always Some of the party appeared more malleable, and one the six-paddle trial came they entered bravely andThe Hon. Chae. B. Sedgwiek -was to-day renom- spoke of it as a stump speech. Mr. Breckinridge as- or two political leaders looked as if they were ready to won the race, greatly distancing all opponents.; Noth- sanctioned, and that, in case of landing at. Toronto,' the weathfr moderates.inated by acclmnation for Congress, from the XXIVt.ii serts that I am not the regular nominee of the party; be molded into any desired shape. • After a brief ex- irg could have been more spirited than this scene. The the. rojal party would avoid pacing through such A Bp.iLLiANT ACRORA.—One of the most brilliaatCongrewaonal JOiatrict..^feTv-HfampHhire Politics.DOVERN.H,Tfchrsdaj',S«pt.6,I860. myparty. *.., braided wish red and gold cords, and the broad receding fields; the river tumbling over the HealludEd, at theeaime time, to the rumored possi- horizon through the cloudless sky, and meet-F cans yIvan ia ]I»oIitics.-< HARRIJBCRG. Sept. 6, 1860.but I at sure you that I have never descended so low aB hortation, by the Parliamentary Chaplain, the abrupt cliffs rising loftily on one side,, tufted, as it streets aa should be distinguished by Orange embel- aurc-'ras e^er seen in this latitude commenoed last evea>r to accept a nomination from less than one third of any lishments ; of, if the objectionable demonstrations were ing epon after 11 o'clock^ Within a few minutes theparty when I was not the first choice of a majority of heavy white marble stone was lifted, by ropes seemed, with swaying crowds, and on the other the persisted in, would omit visiting that city altogether. lights were streaming up from every portion of theAt a mass Republican Convention at Wolf boro' to- He would not have alloped to Major Breckinridge" sealed glass case, containing documents and coins, waB sharp rocks behind, and in front glean ing with thebility of similar movements at Kingston, which, ing at a point a little to the southward of tbe he intimated, would be regarded in the eame zenith, near the westernmost star of thelight. Of the effect of this letter at Toronto, Square cf Pegasus. The intermittent flashes weie little is known' here, but in Kingston it produced the often so brilliant as to pale the glory of the moon, intensest excitement, not only among the Orangemen, wtfle a band cf delicate light green lay along the butalBo amongbetter classes of tbe community. Tne N. N. E. from 10 to 15 degreea above the horizon, an* two daily newspapers were suddenly inflamed with an a vast field of these waving arrows of light to the Iff.<iaj. ESben^zer' Stevens of Meredith was .chosen for had be not assaulted hin Mhis speech made at Lexing- deposited in the •aperture benea'h. The cement wasbright-colored canoes that skipped to and fro over itssurface; the little fleet of heav>ly-ffeighted steamboatshovering near the Prince's barge; and tbe barge itself,covered with uniforms, and densely surrounded by ahefit of pleasure-boats and canoes, the occupants add-ing animation by their gestures of encouragement or ofclimax as the boats struggled in, the crews, though mund Head a silver trowel and a wooden mallet, with half emanated, still dashing their paddles with sur-the Sandwich Islands to August 5. reached here this hung John "Brown. He (Douglas) did not believe that morning by the Fony Expreee Breckinridge was a disonionist, but he did not believe SAW I KA.VCI*I:O, Aa£ 25.1^0, that every disunionist in this Union is a BreckinridgeJoboaeziStoLlfxo«iHamb-.rz.Mhr WildPigeonfromNew- datesforknighthood. Then,aftertheapplicationof 88jantingandgasping,theyrushedtothegoaLThere peared,,wasmerematterofform,foralthoughthe thestrangehemisphereofsplendorsgaveway to'*-- i'exk. ern Sectionalipm in the same grave. He then returned v.Sptkea.Aug13,lit3630.los.139>V.,ahipMosarchfor . histhanksfortbeattentionthathadbeengivenhim,thesquareandplummet,hewhisperedtotheGov-wassuchequalityofstrengthandskillthatitwasresponsewasintherewords:"Ithink.itbet'ertogeneralprophecyofcoolerweather. ....A rri-^fd at 8as Pranciitco Aug. 2-, '•h~ »team«rr Goldeu Age, man. [Laughter and applause ]*ju>m Paujuoa. *i ip« Noi.pari-1 and B. F. Uorie fjr^at New- He concluded by a powerfa) appeal for the Union.the first of which be gently touched the side, striking prising swiftness, and leaving a long wake of foam bethrice upon the top with the second, as lightly as in1 hind tbem, while their expectant friends wiidlv shouted siderable magnitude, applied to the chief of their order, got to collect their fares. Toward 12 o'clock, tba iidOf, York;ba'kaEIectr»fromSjdrejHeer,WAl-^yfromManila;HewasforburningNorthernAbolitionismand.South-Quebechetappedtheshouldersofjthekneelingcandiandswungtheirarmsabout,'''tbputlifeintothem,"atToronto,foradviceandcounsel;butthis,itap-gloriesofthehightbegantofade,andadmirationforSmiled, bark H«rr»«t for '» alpiraLto.The »arket baa I -st mach of he excitement whi -h characterized tbe previous week, and the country tradeand retired, after speaking for'bver two hours. RKADI.NO, PA., Thursday, Sept. 6, 1860.•ernor General, who repeated in a loud, voice, "His often hard to .determine who were the victors; and "comply with the Duke '$ wish. J. H. CAMERON,"Royal Highness declares this corner-stone to be laid;" this helped the general pleaeant feeling, which, on the tie extreme opposite plan was adopted;; and THE FUSION COMMITTEES. —Tbe Sub-Committee rExtensive preparations are making for tbe reception whereupon the crowd cheered bravely, and the ladiesreturn of a school of "canoes, always, manifested itself the determination to refist all. dissuasions was IfceDorglae State Central. Coamittee, of which Mr*:in unearthly Ecreams of greeting, and playful slaps openly : declared. An Orange .arch was reared Benjamin Wood is chairman, appointed to confer witit;appear* to have been checked- bv the advancing tend- of Mr. Donglas. He will arrive on Saturday, andency of prices. There is a good, steady bosinesa doin^ leave for Philadelphia the same afternoon. A letter manifested their own particular high spirits by waft-«t toet onotatione, pries tbroorboat being well sus- bas been received by Col. McLean from Mr. Douglas, ing ealntations from the tips of their parasols^ Cheers with paddles upon heads and backs.and other iiadred in Prince's street, the niaix. thoroughfare the Breckinridge State Central Committee in refer-tained. Whr at comf» iu alow 1 y. -and is <aken freely accepting tbe'invitation to be present at the grand bar- were then given for the Queen,1 and others for thesigns of peace and" good -will. These cheerful passages of the city, in which the significant colors, orange and ence to a fusion, met last evening at the Metropolitan.for export at about $1 59 per ;00 It. The supply ofbecue at Jones's Woods, in 1«ew-York, and assuring him that he will positively he on hand on that occasion, and that he intends to a axe a speech.Prince Consort, and others, no less heartily, for thePrince of Wales. A closing prayer was offered by the from view, when *ie river Was abandoned, and all emblazonings were distributed, the secret emblems Green, Chairman of the Breckinridge State CentralChaplain, and the ceremony was completed. 100fteecb,ofwheat,7,000bidfc*,neariy600b^lesof WortliCarolinaPolitics. .Foramoment,then,therewassilence;but,asthe wool, and as assortment of r>t»ewood. The whole RALEIGH, N. C, Thursday, Sent. 6, 1860. royal gcest.and the brilliant party that surrounded cargo iavalued .t |70,000. Th* Urk B. F. Shaw has (xov. Wise did not attend the grand Breckinridge him turned and prepared to retire, cheers more vigor-partieB sought their homes. • j . anrmi-unting alL These facts- having been common! Committee, a*kirg for propositions. • ; 1hisdaywasthefulestofnovelincident,andthecatedtotheDukeatBrockville,abriefconsultation TheDouglasSub-Committee,throughMr.Wood; most thoroughly enjoyed by all who ehared the IceUT- was held there, which resulted in the decision to pro- replied, calling Mr. Green's attention to the reaeU-Geortree has cleared for New-Y ork wi Ji 3,000 sacks, ofities, of any since the Prince's arrival in America. In ceed to Kingston and examine more closely the condi- tion appointing them, whioh is as follows: _ - cleared fbr Aus*rs ia with'600 sacks of wheat and 2,000 and Lane barbecue in this place tc-day, on account of ous and more universal than before arose. It was tion of affairs, "1>'ut on no account to land unlets the cou-quartersacksofflour. theillnessofhiswife. theevening,therewasanillarnination-,and;'atOrcu- withanypouticoiorganisationoppo«Kitothe^pabiioanp^.Sasdwich Island dates, per hark Yankee, are re- The " Jttuta-Baga" Wherryman. vt hich renders all such occasion* so unspeakably genial. Tbe Ottawa visit, although shorter jtha^ those 1 BOno nwnifeatations of any kind proceededfrom tbem. Sergeant Williams to the hospital Shay was so-badly A ceived to the 9th of August. Th* principal topics ex- ALitAKr, Thursday, Sept. 6, 1860. The earlier part of the afternoon was innocent of ex- .other Canadian cities, has' assuredly been the moev The preparations for the Prince's reception wereal injured that he could not be removed.cHing interest are some developments of official, irreg- Martin, the Boston wherryman, left for Poughkeep- citement, but toward 5 o'clock great crowds were seen enterf suning of all. The charm of a new community snarled and irregular. The City Council had on. Mon,ularity, cf which particulars are given, resulting from sie this' morning, unci will return to-morrow in the hurrying to the upper end of the town, and okutering almost a new race, and of meeting a phaselof fores day resolved, in the vain hope of making matters bet-received,and were greatly disappointed at his not landing. TORONTO, Thursday, Sept. 6 I860. |: •?'v^^fff^>?^. •<"'':••'W:ittyM*: mi...... .....,,..>mfew• ? • ' ; ; •. •cS;3"M_ '$$0$$$$: WM•,. .-«•,'• |«eemsaStrsngeplacetofixuponasthecapitalofagrerft\%W&83&fi2kte& "t^v ££i&£Kfri^on^^l^^^^mi^k^^^^^^^^^^m^^l^t'^ street*fullofhousesnow,with* • 'I ;•minntes, was cast loose, and began d o w l v d x i f ^ ; ^downthe canal As it came m o r e & i ^ ~ * i m X - : ^ ^ * * " * ' ' ^ ? TM ^ g Umfluenceofthecurrent,itmovedwithmoreandmoreW^k **^1)Teaili:st *pooh» at5d the oealshful eye- Indisj<intedlinetbisjaundicedra^lestoodf»rnearryimmeasurable speed. The crowds cheered'Kv#*Kk »«^« v tumultouslyfrom theshoresandfromIthebridgedIS^f. Vl~l^"mb''flewbjr,butthePrinceandh^and it rainedwhen he arrived at Ottawa.* Beyond w«.e«r.^«!b«y•thei?t•,i-m«.e«t*o«o. isniit'ieiin-ti>oi?-n«prese,_r_vii_ngi tahrfe;iro:w'vnI""""^g iHtr acc<.mmo4ation, and as navigation tbe ground with Orange ribands bangingfr.na their t h i s s i m p l e r e c o r d , d o n o t s e e k t o p e n e t r a t e t h e v a i l . v b r e a s t s , w h i c h , i n s p i t e o f t h e o r d e r s o f t h e C o l o n e l i a eafe positions and avoiding the great torrents of water iskere blocked by the falls, tbe chances of cc«rtnerctalThere-mighteasilybedisclosureJofthrongBatlanding- wMmsweptinjustbeneaththen*feet,!togivemuch advancementareextremelyslender.However the commandoftheregulartroops,theyrefusedtore-D30*VC» •'".'*'' > ' „• • . i ,,.'.'.. ,' .1] At 6i o'clock, it became evident, even to the daft•enses of the obstinate mob, that there, wo " " landing. Orders were received from the _to the effect that the pro-visions awaiting the royal party at their anticipated reeiience: on shore should b etition may have made it to the lumbermen, who affectthe boldest could ttardly feel for the?frrat time t i estanding uncovered in the midst of a pelting storm, and desperate plunge witfe which the " crib''' starts upon eling privately in Canada, and Lady Georgiana Fane,tkn to witbatand a eiege of moderate duration, Lear*'beating the air with the hats whioh should, under such its irxeetible course, washout a little breathless moment who is pursuing the same object with much strength. mg this, the Orangemen with defiant jeew begancoinerrstons of tbe building "intended" toreceive theKftrosroK, C' W ., Sept. 5,1860. At an early hour on Monday morning the Prince andThe King6tondid not leave Rockvflle as promptly asPriuco, not. as private- „citizens, but as a* « • • • • • • • • • • • — MM e x i c a n A f f a i r s . NEW-OPXEANS, Wednesday, Sept. 5,1860.continued until the approach of evening hid the actors blup, were prominent, and upon which various party A communication was received from Mr. John A*him like a dingy and offensive tail after a bright little The city had all day been wildly agitated audi con--comet. TMs morning the Prince leaves Ottawa, for fused. The anxious doubts of the Orangemen, who, the arrest of the latter. Words led to blows, and both. . _ - • . „ m •-—At the opening of the Sussex Oyer and.Tenameron Tuesday, David D. Wickham, who was arrested iu Bridge, where a canal opens through which the timber great. • Then the picturesqueness of the situation sur- and precession. The result was, that instead this city on a charge of murder standing against hintan iDvesrjgation of the affairs of the American Consul evening. He is to be entertained at a grand vegetable in the neighborhood of tbe Falls Sand the Suspension life that is nowhere else eo Well-represented, was very ter, to-ahonsh tht.entire programme for the receptionat Honolulu.A bitf before the Legislature foi the establishment of banquet at the McCardel House.. \< Awarding a Contract.fromtheuaperriverissentdownpasttherapids,toThe ship Morning light, froih San Francisco, arrived at Honolulu Jury 26, and sailed on the 28th for Railroad was awarded, to-day, to Jauues Moore 6c Co. event which no inhabitant of Ottawa could willinglyaonnk,withp«ercurrency,waswarmlydiscussed, with considerable prospect of pastiog; the paper circu- lateoftheBanknottoexceed;;150,000.the harbor in front of the city. It was rumored that 4passesthatofanyothercity,exceptQuebec;an' of complying with•this settlement.and.ab-Ottawa has Eome natural endowments which that since 1859, was formerly charged upon bis nidictmeirtjs*nting themselves, as bad\beea.hoped'for andpleaded"notguilty." Heexpressed,througa remarkable of these is. the Chaudiere fall, Which is ever, as if resolved to take the arrangements but the Court found it impracticable to accode unoou~-RKA»xeo?Pa.,Thursday,Sept.6,i860.The contract for building the Reading and, Columbia the Prince was to attempt a j timber-shoot," an wonderful old walled city does not possees. The meet the Orangemen gathered in greater force than his Counsel, a desire to be tried at tke present term.;ToCopt.H.S.BAJW,ChiefofPoliceofChorlattoa,St.NicboiMHotel, New-York: \ ' for three-quarters of a mile or more over a series of together in mid air, into a circular basin, that alwaysjXawreses,weredestrojedbyfirethisafternoon. There,havebeennomoredeathsreportedthantheeviftwater-falls,<oeflingandplungingwithonlyanchafesaiadroarsandsteamslikeastupendouscaul-BiKeeontheirbreasts,orparchmentscrbllacon»aiificgtiltheDecemberterm.TheProsecutorofthePlea«false ahum. ; (8un/«d),CHARLES MACBETH, Maror of Chottertoa.}%o£r tv$.f*-rtJt />MA/t A I .Untitled Documentv •__«.r rTOjr&mJy and ill favoWlocking set of men. pfrEonal ugliness be one of *b« qriaiificatfonf for ad-. ,-.-, .,.,. - -.ifw v%—•*•-^"-TtwithwiKb they <ja>ried in g,eat profceion, a< if to protect them m case of ne*d. I think I never beheld a moreselves with a firm resolution to break through the res- General's bouse. The ball-room is reported'unsafe,trictions imposed upon them, and to pursue their offen- and is being pronpsd up: The gas-house took fire tine evening, and there was a prospect at one time of thesive course at all hazards. The brief history of their town being left in darkness, but the fire was finally * present ill-tempered movement is as follows: The get-under.hair ttCT*V.«wd. AUrgeproportionwerearxa»d eachshortnotice,anditacoeasarUystandadeferred.t*$;m 4:: *••.••' ^fe'.-,„.-— n -• r -i •MTTT>IIm 5 ,**M*—*mirsionto. the brotherhocd. it is dimcult tohow to much reprdeiven#»s can be gathered into oao. PBir.ADEi.PHrA, Thursday, Sept. 6, I860.; A new altered note of fives on the Pittsfield, Maiuk.IThe report this morning from the Chesapeake is, thatmwx"*»1 • -•'.com..*wMMWtowww.fu' -•-;r"-?:rr.;.;.:,::.;:/•: ,?iM.„'^df^.,,zt/m-xM^j&2»ixL.** .»:v^<Jx.-^.--t.;.t.i;rt.^.^.-..a., • •..,•^-•.^^^3..^.:,:v.;:,iii':,^ >:, •. . /;..;JMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•rltonhistory.t, :^X^wm»6!mst*mi*tit 