 2fa CTttical aad ApletoasNewTltePsAhwarn*led ©iwrcVatorpfays CastasHIM. ByG.B.Sawyer.E*hteen Chretien Untune*. A Leekeiafesne.NEW YORK THE EiairrtEN CHEIETIAN CENTCKIES. By the Rev.HERALD, WEDNESDAY,FEBRUARY 2 2 , 1868.-TBIPLE~" ' ""' " ii••—•n clouds from the depths of the undergrowth; the wood- pecker commenced h is ringing stroke e n the trunks o f-*- forest became •swanaad beneath the ara impenetrable and only th eSHEET.TV ArtJieraft Manual.Ths Boly &**>, warnA e c e et as Atnertesn. Vol 1i of theLate ofL»Lecture* of LaatThe CWot 1 .Broadway. London: Trubner A Co. i860.The theory and practice of ttw science of artillery have, within the p u t few years, become a subject of the utmostimportance to our country. Smee ISM the leading mili-tary monarchies of Europe have been devoting the mostassiduous attention to ths expansion aad developement ofthis powerful means of attack and defence. No labor hasbeen thoughttoo great, no expense too heavy, no detail It baa been translated from the French of Mr. ArthurBy Jr John Gibbon, Firrt Li u'enant. Fourth ArtiUe y.tbtowot%WtoLfe tad Time* of General S a n Dale, the Pan ma.Locy Creltoa, a Novel.fehirwond'a Engroeenng Precedento. the Mat-letoalisi, in two parts.to view of the very small number wbo took part m it, a moat presumptuous undertaking to an affair of such great importance,causednelittlesurprise. Butthesensationof Godinthebelief snd twitapTffia.teiWir hto beteg truly tbe blessing vouchsafed to al: the iCyclopaedia. Volt. » LawyertolbsCalash*aubject will attract the attention not only of U l o », ^» " thorny,tmtcfeveryesttosnofNewYorkwho •«*• ownsafetyandhiscountry'shonor;anditIs•fel*wr*LOGWOOD AXD L08W00D CDTTnraE—the way far the advent of toe Great mmbedriaTM £ ? satem;howaspecialtkmrtofArbnrsAioamwai allpossibleobMstarcilaesffortbhefuture irnes*t«orsa_mT2 theMosaicsndrabtonical(o*M*te«orUws,aanddlttoo-^fCcS«.5".^!F^• to be taken aa a sample of what the future ones are •aery to prove, the publishers will,, we think, be satisfiedwith the results of then- speculation.EswiNB-srxe PnaVSDgorrs r o a STEAM MacmxeavBrB.P.Iaherwoow, Chief Engineer U.S.N-Ballliere Brothers. Thistoaworkofgreatvaluetoengineersaadmechaaad intelligible language, all the details necessary to give the periwinkle, and terminating in the surrounding forests,acompleteunderstandingofthaiImportantsubject,and resembletheavenuesofsomeimperialpark;anltheir- venueobtainedfromthecuttingsmightthusbedoubled,eflecu of rigid forms of law. Already at the time of thesecondTempletheprocessofwithdrawingthelawmore asglandpiegisatos,theintensityoftheinterestfeMtoth*Bstsceepstby.the ground, which remains without vegetation under its shade. It Is found on rocky mountains s s well as on the alluvial plains, but It grow* better on humid, deep soil which is periodically inundated by the overflow of the rivers. Ito growth is rapid, yet ito wood Mhard, compact, and can b e long preserved under ground. It ia cut down when it attains ten years' growth. Relieved from its shadow, the ground soon becomes covered with anurseryofyoungplants,which onlyneedlightaadair- f Delegates of American Israelites " The call which ema aated from the originators of this scheme, inviting the co- operation of the congregations, was issued to tbe same month, and oonlatoed no satisfactory animation of the pans to be recommended, but volunteered the assurance that no inteifercnoe with the internal administration of tbe eyna gegsca was contemplated. This hasty pr*c*ediag, andloudly calls for it, tint m urnaue wua hanoreu tinoi moo rn Israel, we do ntx acknowledgeto*raw0' the Jewish comm >nwealth, with its afteo.'tsgtots, as tbe true consvaimainn of toe m sslsalL ra» demp***: on the contrary, we bold that ibt» sotoir o a * itosfnilesgreemertsBdconj octiuoof sfl t i - Tnihtr—nice, inasmuch aa it enables them to compare the thenresleal knowlodge they have acquired in regard to recent an octavo volume of 500 pages, in large, clear type,svtentific improvements With practical results on a l&rg •aaeJe The opening chapters are devoted to the Britishanaboatswhich weresent toChina,aad which wre<•>* between thesimple manual andthemoreabetruaede- arty, sixty and eighty horse power. Hah* were monstrations ofthe "science ofgunnery." It containslike some brilliant beetle, or rather like the sphinx, which without regard to the seasons. Few establishments, bow practices, after its abrogation it repeatedly occurred jcursalof tie aristocracy, sharing in tbe general feeling,by Maadalay and half b y Penn have a comparison of theworkingof (be machinery ofthe twoconstructors. Thetightness,moving;butthechangesinbiscolorbetrayhisun?ar nets,hisback ofakyblue deepens to purple, thenhe reflects the shades of the foliage which surrounds him, and in the midst of which he does not fail soon to vanish. The streets, as I have said, end only in the forest, whichttsveryfoundation. Itwasstillpartlyretainedenac-Britain. ThereligiousJournalsgivetheirreadersfu0par.af the boats, their behavior at sea with the screw in an 1 ewt of the water, their draught, expenditure of fuel andcountofthedeplorableconditionoftbenationwhichhad been forcibly wrenched from ito long accustomed sphere of life. But the severe persecutions, the want of a well oPcered system of traditional materials, and th e prerahcuters of the match and of the men, and then ntoosto express a hope that tbe ''powers that be " will interfere snd stop the fight. To the regular sporting press E has1 sseamers lately built, with the results of the experimentaureas, (cowhage 1) and are covered with imperceptible thornawbichcomeoffontheslightestcontact,penetrating the skin and producing the most patnful irritation. * * • * * Here nature produces nothinginsig-advantages which they are presumed to offer. The bestcuttingsaresituatedintbeswampyplainsofYucatanandafMMpaddlewheela*appliedtotheUniteddtateesteamof casting sad "inspection for service," andthe the respective qualities of the Trevsrton semi anthracite. modes of spiking or rendering them unserviceable.•artsaaat Thechapter inwhichananalysis iamade©i aad the Cambarlead seaai-Mtomhwas coals will be realmilesfrom London, onthsEEthultimo, proceeded toIn the third chapter the proper shape to be given wish uteres*. Thsexperimentstriedon boththesecoal'' to heavy guns is fully discussed, Maalso theBrighton, hto native place, for the purpose of todotetofmaterials usedtothecastingofordnanceandiatheconstruction of the various gun carriages and implements. verwoel tabes baa enabled Mr. Tshsrwood to pnt forta There is a large amount of practical knowledge containedtainnumberofwoodcuttersforacertaintimeonthi property.•oeessatoafromMosestotheGreatSaabedrimofJerusal- rttetrainingquartersatNewmarket,wherebewillas* em, and from tbe tetter to sueoeedingjcouncite. N o w , every exertion to get hlmaelf into th* perfection of condi- his Semicha ceased a few centuries after th e destruction tion before the contest wtth bis gigantic opponent oo iherefute many of the statements that have been published inregard to them. A orapaxisou between horizontal an<iseaaanewandimportantfactstoreferencetoheatingsur aesssadthseconomicalapplicationofheatgenerally.UNITED STATES A X D MEXICO HAIL STEAMSHIP LAMM A » STATISTICS OP MEXICO By Carlosintheseopeningchapters,whichcouldbeeasily acquired, aad which when once learned would be of great utility in thehourofneed.Theauthorthenproceeds to investigate thesubjectofWe might continue these extracts end accompany our •f the umple. The "Board" would therefore be guilty of lflth April next. The next deposit of the states let** travellerthroughtheforeststoIts*aad Peteu,batthein- tbegrossestinconsistencyiiontheonesideitweretocarry placeatNatLangbams,toCastlestreet,ontheEst toK.,ita attachment to rabtontoal Judaism to the length of the birthday of Washington having unlnteationaBy eatButterfiekL N e w Y ork: J . A . H . Haabronck "rifling," both for small arms and for gun* of heavy cali-atCo. bre, discussing the theory of the "motion of projectiles 'la oarpresent andprospectiverelationewithMexico, anddescribingtheArmstrongandCavalliguns. Henexthydrography of this little corner of ttae globe, where the capriciouswaterspercolateslowly fromlagoontolagoon, and seem to ran athwart of each other in thawdevious course. During the dry season, notwithstanding the com- plication of waters, one may travel by tend witnout dan- ger, provided he Is reasonably familiar Wtth the country: but when the rains set in, every channel overflows, and ths ground gradually disappears under a tangled network of creeks and lagoons, through which passage to impossi- bleexcepttocanoes,andthenonlywiththeaidofprac- tised guides. A t this season, one may travel from theWalter G.Wella,M.D. Parti. N e w York, Jan. I860.The Talmud expressly teaches that all Israel of the present Swift's, on the Saturday evening after tbe arrival of »e daytounable toestablish legallysnobahierarchy,nor formerinLondon,andwhichwegaveontheauthorityatthe Sporting Life, proves to hare been aafsaseft The tw o champions have never yet m et or se-o eachother. The editor of Belli Life states that on the day•snstog the ratiflcation sf the MeLane treaty, the Statis-takes up artillery projectiles, giving detailed informationA careful examination of this volume will •attofy thereader that, ss a book of reference for the medical practitioner. it to likely to prove moot valuable. A s a con- widen and deepen the existing breach instead of fostering in question the Benicia Boy called upon Owenflwift,suatics furnished in thai book are of considerable value. The in regard to the different kinds of projectiles, their manu-••developed wealth of Mexico presents a rich prize to facture, proof and inspection, use and method of pre-2. It caa easdy be foreseen that such a tribunal wouldshea nation which shall, by a liberal policy and ths adop- boo of proper facilities of transit, succeed In securing i t Atpresentthiscountryenjoysbatasmall share ofthe ssaunerce of Mexico, which, even in ber existing unfortureligious life and union, besides tbe thousands of newvictims which it would deliver np to religious indifferenceTbe fact cannot be disputed that a vast majority of Ameri - canIsraeliteshaveabandonedtbeobservanceofamoreor less number of ancient precepts and usages, at least topractice if not in principle, the difference of religious Sayers has been treated wtth marked discourtesy by•becountry.ACETJIBB in THEUNITEDSTATES STEAMFKIGATB MISSISSIPPI to CHINA ANDJAPAN, from July, 1857, to February, I860. B y William F . Gragg. Damrell & Moore, Boston.suchfireworksssareusedinmilitaryservice. vancestowardstheinterior,greatwillowswithtrailingbraachea,giganticbamboos,beautifulsgpcraceaiorsedge* The 12th chapter is devoted entirely to "field artillery," resembling the papyrus, aquatic palm tress with thntrstock,whosequaintideashavenotbeensweptawayby back,whilsttbecongregationofPortsmouthordereditto feckHamilton(wastrainedMamaseyforhfefight«*h besolemnlyburned. (Jost'sModernHistoryoftheIsrael the MagnesiaBoy,"assomewillpersisttotermtogkm) the inroads of a remorseless progress. But little more its*, II.. T8-74.) There is reason to believe that thto to acosmpany torn during nto preparation, but tne lauwThai unpretending narrativewillbereadwithinterest, isadincidents Swwraadinithave,toaddition as thecharmofnovelty,therecommendationofbeing of flew is which the hamorous largely Sailors'impressionsofnewcountriesandBlender stems, the oecroyto with its immense leaves—all unite in ornamenting both banksof theriver. Beside* these, masses of veraure, spangled with bunches of violet flowers,prodigiouswhite treetrunks, andvines slender anddelicateastberiggingofaship,continuallypresent themselvestotoeeye.Iobserved,amongotherBeautiful trees,thejaguetepalm,with itsgraceful branchesbend- ingovertnswater. Itsfruitisacidulous,andoftheshapetransaction would have had tbe effect of dissoiilag the Board,hadnotitsexistencedepended,likesimilaronesin other couBtrtes, o n th e relations established ChurchsndState—aconditionotthing*whichin countryisentirelyoutofthsquestion.Jsmea Wnins. The mervtoe/A ppleton A C o .thtoworkafMtsft favor f j t t w m s h t tprns^oursslvtstollltothe defence in the way of furto i, samara! swverament MS *** * our; _ 3 T - *str*re|«wwapttE%not towas recetTS* on its A m %•*****« to Grsst Brtta-o, •Ere indues*,** Memrs. Anjieto. to repoblh* it here. ThsMwigffeuthway thatwt have read few booas withmere interest and laid aside few with more regretTHI ARTILLERIST'SMANUAL. Compiled from vari- oussource*,andadaptdtothsServiceofths United States. Tlnst sted b y engravings. B ywhich the ntogtaconceetefeJHatefsr* another year roasd, aecfPSM to a a oMfpfrftBon, he to wedded, 8hxO*fToesdsy fa day forttelnefinssilken'Lent no marriage can be solemnised, so the day before togenerally largely availed of by to* teds sad lasses wbo teal ThedyewoodofCampeaefay,whichtheEnglishcall theleaderpaaaton,aadmore•sdiltegstakeplaceoothata>n during the toetrim wfiTmwm-^ll excommunication JTM-*— »***—*——2^. " " •ei»ifBctton of the muorga *M UaWSur U S . evemoaj totrodaehment However "the I t r a s t o ^ i * ? ! ' * of raittal poutobi ._,_«„.„,sldr i heir sojourn to the United States sscreiy M .ia ih* r travel towards Jerusalem may t* „ , STJL!??" Th-y would have to encounter the hopeless u*f < 7 z z ! c:V'f tt>«aawsjeutem stickefeannlbwtwwwM»*kTJ!2 nlc e«tion*and the entire absence in Amarica sf *11T*Mmesswhtohadniitof tbe ilea of axlie a, kL£f" t Ittoawellknownonbortuinotiontba-.Utoewa*L 'power of " » fe th* saeet taanerwattmeet of fitting the ssmwere for the kingdom araU Messiah. Bat be thieas E fnsy.^rTtotJ**this obJeet,beeeys, test he has writtenUnited State* Army VanNostrand, No. 193 itnaustssthatitmaybemadetosubserveaa mponaailogwood,theSpaniardspolodetinta,andtowhichsavants have given th e barbarous appellation of hccmeUoMfUM Ommduanum, Is a tree of medium size and peculiar ap- pearance, attaining a height, under favorable circum- stances, of from twelve to thirteen yards. The trunk is much gnarled and full of irregular cavities. Tbe leave* are pinnated; the small ones never fall off, and all ar* smooth s a d heart shaped. T h e flowers a r e small, yel- lowish ia color, end hang in bunches from the ends of ths branches. The frurt is a very flat, lanceolated husk, con- taining seeds which are eaten by fowls, as, to fact,are these of almost all ths vegetables aad fruits that ar* foundhere. Thsfoliageofthelogwoodtreeisofdark green and very luxuriant During tbe early period o f itadaythanperhapsonanyotherduringthewholeyear. ButthisnoticeofShrovetidetogrowingtooprolix,aad so we conclude with wishing everybody pteaty of pan- cakes, and the clergy men as maay bapply couple* as theycaa attend to.TBOUBLE AMONG THE HEBREWS.«ms********a#*a*w*«Pretest AfSistt fifes Attempt *ft»C to Board of Atelegatts of America*' Isiaelltea.Toward the tester part of November, 18*S, a meeting oftoo trifling ia the pursuit of thai all important and; sad s e soon aa one point h a s bssn gained they have pushed on with unwearied industry and patient perseverance, both to calculation and experiment, until they have anally brought this arm of service to an extraordinary pitch of perfection. Meanwhile, on this side of the water, although seme few of oar officers (to their credit be It spoken) havelaboreddiligentlytokeepupwtth,orevensurpass, their European brethren, yet the vast mass of our iatel-Morelet, by Mrs. E. G. Soeier, wife of th* well knownauthor and traveller, to whom more than to any otherman Central America has been indebted for its totroduction to the active world, and for the proper presentationof its character and resources. The travels o f M. Morelet extended over a region hitherto unexplored, namely,the vast area embraced between Guatemala, Yucatan,TabascoandChiapas,andembracingaconsiderable partof each of those States. Embarking at the island of Car- to reach maturity. Industry can never imitate, in this which it produced very soon gave way ton feeling of as >e the cradle of our race aad creed, we, bevarUasksa,yetnotsoabstrusesstobebeyond thecomprehensionof thoseofourcitiaeasoldierswhofeeldisposedtodevote some little time and attention to military subjects. Thisjust medium, w e think, Captain Gibbon h a s attained with an eminent degree of success. His work,andmorefromtheinfluenceoftheprtosthoodwasput in iesuitapiearstoincrease. InEnglandtheexcitosseatto operationbytbeinstitutionoftheSopherimitoteachers greater,ifthatbepossible,thanintfaHcountry. Tner*appears to bswell adapted to supply just whatitresemblesinits flight WhenthesunapproachesIts has been heretofore needed to fill the gap zenith, and nature ia sunk in silence and repose, the iguana m a y b e surprised, extended o n some branch o f a tree, where he reposes inastate apparently be- tweensleepingandwaking;buthisvigilanceneveraban- dons him. At the least sound he lifts his head, his throat dilates, his crest become* elevated, and be listen* without«ver,arethusadvantageouslysituated, inmostofthemthe wood, after berag cut, is dragged down to high watermark on the streams aad lagoons, where it awaits the pe-riodical risetobefloatedouttotheembarcaderat.Thetrafficmight be made constantinnearlyalleasesbytbecrnstrurtitn or roads, the removal of bars, or the deepen-ing of channels, but the inhabitants or these countries pre-fertowaitonProvidencetoexertingthemselvesinenter-prisesofthiskind. Theyhavenomeansoftransportationexcept such as nature affords them gratuitously. Thisfact should not be forgotten in judging of the merits ofthose numerous schemee'of emigration which are constant-lyparadedbeforethepublic,andinwhichsomuchstress. lent unsatisfactory mode of calendar—reckoning for proved a perfect godsend, as they caa sssrosto is laid on geniality of climate and productiveness of sou, the determination of the holidays, contributed supply tbe taKvesfed demand arising out ofhints are given in relation to the storage and transporta- tionofpowder,and itsrestoration afterithasbecome iwwrv i.vablc. A few pages are likewise devoted to the subjectofguncotton,whicharticleatonetime threatenedof carrying them out, and which more than aullify thepeoplehadbecome familiarwiththeir newposition—the TheBeniciaBoy hat withdrawn fromthe Mannabeingnowcollected,andthecalendar reckoning andattractionsofLondonlife,aadtodnietiyi placed on a definite basis—tbe last vestiges of the Sanbe-servation. The 6th chapter Mdevoted to "artillery mate- rial," including the different gun-oarriagea, for field, siege andseacoastservice,describingalsothe"slingcart'fordenied encyclopaedia of medicine, in which monographsare rendered of practical utility, as an ***** reran* in themodernimprovementsofmedicine,siftedfromoneofthebest medical journals now published, it commentto itselfbyitosccuracyandcompleteness. Thetypographyand tendenciesmanifestoitselfalmostexclusivelyinmattersof Beenanandbisagent. Ittothecustomarypracticeformoving heavy guns from point to point, and the "gin, > I'sumaeinta to the Tabasco, and from thence to Cfcilte- >condition,isquitsconsiderable. Wslearnfromths whichMusedinmountinganddismountingthem It peque,uninterruptedlybywater. Theprincipal riverpublic worship. In actual life hardly * traceof thto twomenmatchedtofighttomeet togetherandseteach divergence of opinion can be detected. A clerical body, other, either at the time oraigning articles ef agreement,Installed for the purpose of promoting orthodox prac or at one of to* appointed periods of iasoatt Dp ft tbetices, would certainly consider it of primary importance present ths* Deensn has been kept carefully away from Under the title of "The Amateur," Mr. Theodore He*** to check the universal transgression of the law. such, any place where there was a chance of mm lag Tom Say-rk that barexperts amount annuallyto*28,000,0o0, includes, also,a description of theiron guncarriages of thai region is the I'sumaeinta. It reaches ber importation* of foreign gooda to IX,000,00s— which have lately bees tested with such success, and the the sea through a number of channels, the largest og a total foreign trad* of E*4,0O0,00O; yet of of which, called Rio Paltxada, flows Into theimproved Columbia carriage, revolving on a pintle under Lagoon of Terminos. It constitutes a eosamercmi oastrs amount ths United State* only furnish foor the centre of the middle transom. Having thus described celebrated throughout the Gulf, although its existence isgettingupoftheworkareexcellent,aad Itspriceplaces it within the reach of every physician.haspublished acollection ofthechoicestspecimensof saodernpianofortemusic,whichhavebeenclassifiedand correctedbytbeantherandMr.H.A,Woltenbasptaad a half of ths importations, while Keglandfurnishestwelvemillion*andahair; mtthesemetimethslattercountrymoaopoliassmorsthanthevariousweapons,tools andmaterialswhichtheartil- leristiscalledupontouse,theauthorproceedstothe "theoryandpracticeoffire,"tootherwords,toades-almostunknowninEurope. Intheeyesofthelocalnavi- gatorsnothingcancomparewithit.Itsbasin,thecanons whichtraverseit,andthecuttingaadtransportationaf thedyewoodsonitsshores,comprise,accordingtotheirfor instance,asthedesecration of tbeiBshhathand ers,anditappearsthattbeappointmentmadebyBeenan theviolationofthedietarylawn.Buthowshall himselftomeettheiormeratOwenswaVBwasnotkept. thto difficult problem besolved andthis magic ItiswellknownthattheagentofBeenanws*treated featbeaccomplished? Ifintberaceofeveryexperience wtththegreatestoourtesybyBayers,whotookhasto their Betas** have always a piquancy tog up the several kinds tof batteries, ineiudlng mortar and size of an aoern. It is much sought for by children,sf literaryBOITHBENIsfjMVim;or,AaInquiryIntothe OriginandEarlyPretthtewce ofrSltsoveryandthe Hev.*Trade,withanAnsailysils of theLaws,Bat-tery and OGovernament of the Institution intheand breaching batteries.Thai chapter also contains some valuable suggestions onand is not without its appeal to the traveller. A great variety of birds snjoy their existence in peace m thee* solitudes. Amung them is ths ibis, wtth Ma brilliant plu-ately before the first day of Lent, or Ash Wednesday on which occasion it used to be customary for ail Catholics to make a clean breast of their peccadilloes, by confessinr toof principles which at the present moment agitates all Israel, but it is also prepared to suppress every free work- ing of the mind, and to covet the position of acting as thecame to hto aid end backed him boldly, be raumsd sto S hun e s first favorite to th e bettmgs—ten to one eetsghighest ofler against turn.andthePlatformofth* atte Party.*TMsBWSieWi/a*WpAatt.'vuwamaa^a mmv^awas**,aavan* down to the -mDsrenneofr% o s w y s r , ox*aivof their duty. Bt nee the name or Sarove anfesetonTuesday,uttwaslikewisecalledto manyventionlatelyheldatSyracuse,NewYork,ad*M«eu* represent the State at large at the Chartettoo Contains Mr.Woodtooktheoccasiontodeliverasounddemx-rtsav» a < vptmtton of facto bearinf apon theis orefusely illustrated with wood cuts aad engravtoffs on stone, tending to give a more complete and exact ideao, the various matters described in the text The book m a y smll be considered s s a valuable aad important additiondiscerned numarous alligators, mevJontosely watchingus from the shores of the little coves of the river—but thsa it was almost impossible to distinguish these amphibious monsters from the uprooted trunks o f trees, whicb t b e river had covered with its slimy aliment. Reposing on the deck, wrapped in my cloak, 1 enjoyed with rapture apancakebed,forreasonswhichwillbeinferredfrom difficultiaittobelievethattheauthorsofthtoasEesn* dodgerorequivoestoron tosses Hetosgalssl"avail«• appearance jumwhat follows.After having thus received spiritual comfort from theirghostly advisers, the affairs or the body were next lackedto, and a variety of feasts and sports soosseded. Thecontemplate the erection of an inquisitorial tribunal within the arc* of charity—a scheme more worthy tbe dmciDfes of Loyoto than th* none of A b r s l m a s / ^ •WASOBEIability." B e to against " a ceetpraeatos of priecwAe*.'' Be to for " a ptetioim of pnnd,>ies" which will ne in- struct the asttonal democratic party," aad a* tbw resutt to dependent upon the saceess ot tots reorganised and re- constructed party, so will It re*i wtth that Conventionefts* wham haw*4. Tbe plan of a Court of Arbitration forms not the least extraordinary part of the Board'sgrand project. Wotoalvhundred -'—-millions^ _ , , 4 bivittng attack, oarsome of thess of pancakes,- are stillthe ring" to kyto bawlpurpose to placing Una metropolis to • oondltiam of com- parative mmunity from attack.IrZA, OE THE UlTIXrXOEED RnWHWfi OF (JlNTEALAMERICA.Ws havs received the advenes sheets of an interestingsad valuable contribution to our ssos^sajNEieal and gene- ral knowledge of this continent, under the above title.delegates from several lsraeutic congregations took placegrowth it forms thickets quite similar to those of tbe haw- in the city of Mew York, wbo elected trem ameng taem- to be our dsty to make th- o r ^ *Stephens. As we have said, M. Morelet commence 1 bis expedition at the town of Carmen (sometimes called La- guna), on the Lagoon of Terminos, of which be has given us a pleasing description :—THK C1TT OF CASMRN. InanarchitecturalpointofviewthecityofCarmenand barked with an axe. It has been vainly attempted tosubstitute tbe saw for this instrument, which would faci-litate the work and perform it more evenly; but the aver-sion which the Indians feel to any innovation has pre-vented ita adoption. The great inconvenience' arising inunded to be carried out to Us fullest extent, revokepresents no striking feature. As stone is not to be found there, building materials are obtained from the neighborfrom their mode of operation is the irregular shapes which tbe weod takes under their hands, and which pre- vents itabeingstackedwithease. Furthermore,in- stead of cutting down the tree from h* root, a* oughtagainst the spirit and essence of Judaism. Thto confers upon each of its followers a n equal priestly dignity—ac- knowledgesnootherauthoritybutthatoftheBibleand history—prefers the bastard, learned to the tew, to the iaiot of priestly extraction, and not only permits but de-o fpropertylyingmurmur or tbe river, wmen news at the toot of ths ruins, net. Th* author eonclades by expressing a hops that tns broke tbe death-like silence.E- . ^ . . J l will gradnaJW « i rWOBCSSTEB'R IfgW lUXBTEATED DlCTlONABT OF Bgent aad thinking population—those upon whom w s men, in the Isgoon of Terminos, that gentleman ascended respect, the economy of nature. The English vainly en- tontohment. The published minutes of th* sate Board do not seek mere tbe aim of our btotorioal mssion, b *m ENGLISH LANGCASE.—ito. Sickling, Swan ABrawar,Boston.must of necessity rsly In the boar of need—are utterlythe great river Csumaainta to a point where no Europeandeavored,intheLucayoIslands,andinvariousotherof their transatlantic possessions, to propagate this precious tree,which,toitawddstate,nourishesonthemostun-liltedatoncetneveilwhichtillthenbadhungeverito doings, and revealed In the mott glaring contradiction to itsformerpromisenothinglessthantheintentionofrather in every land where Godhasseat as as messengers of hto word. Wa likewise dto- cerninthefeetsfth*greataa<tgtortousr*pq*b*aswatand profoundly ignorant of the first andmost Thai Dtostonary seems to be a osmbtoalton of the plan simple principles upon which the theory and practicehadreachedbefore,andwherebeencounteredtheunconquered Lscaudon Indians, within whose territories friendly soil. The bark of tbe logwood in of dark color, erecting a hierarchy which would bind to degradtog fet- powerful lever for tbe furtherance of the fnessianaj ktos>and the tbin and yellowish sap contrasts strongly with the ters Judaism and ito followers to this land of liserty, and dam, inasmuch that nettbev saoaarchial bebeass nap tradition places great cities, living counterparts of Pa- reddish shade of the heart, which darkens rapidly when assume lunctior s which plainly assdute with civil rela- rriratly decretals can hare sappiest the struggle of mawj ymbrabedinl**o,andthe'ImperialDictionary."ItooamsriLmsnationsthrowuponourextendedseaboardlenqneandCopan.ThencebewenttoPalenque,anditcomesincontactwiththsatmosphere.Thischangeoftions.Accordingtothesaidproceedingsittointendedtowithmind—a*sectandpiufesstoaenjoyunduenrare-af the 'Universal and Critical Dictionary • of the authororartillery are based. Should either of the powerfuliabout1M000words,andauthoritiesaregiventor (bristlingthoughitbewithfortressesandguns)aheavily allthatareinserted. laorthographyandorthoe armedandwellmannedfleetofwarsteamers,weshould,color,however,inonlysuperficial;forwhenthebillets establish"acourtofarbitrationfortheadjustmentof gativee.aadwheretruth canparse*her'••--trhiat havebecomefsdedbylongexposure inawarehouse,tbe dissgreementobetween individualsorcorporations,sad courseunmolestedbyeateraalrestrictions We**o~kiafterwardsstruckdirectlyeastward,throughanantrackedforest, a hundred leagues, to the mysterious a a d unde-acribedlakeoflua Afterastayhereofsomemonths,hedirected his steps southward, through a vast sontude, andoverbroadriversandhighmountains,traversingtheprovineeofVeraPar.,theancientLandofWar,toGuatemala—a total journey, in great part performed on foot, of more it is said, Axes tbe color to tbe dyes. The forests of Ta- lormiry in conducting the service of the synagogues, whole human family, have become tne ferities aasthan 1,600 miles. Altogether, the explorations of M. Morelet may be regarded, in their extent and value, as secondtononethathavebeencsrriedoutbyindividualen enterpriseonthiscontinentduringthepresentcentury.Ad- dedtobisscientificknowledgeandseal,M.Meraletha*a flowing style and a keen appreciation of the humorous andT m U w rrtD STATES JOCRNAL O P HOMEOPATHY- persona in general are unable to give to such a subject. which throw a charm over his book not inferior to that barkation. These men roam over tbe forest, selecting aad tbe religious element, exposed our co religionists to the bear tte fresh and bracing air, wbare it * o(fe-»d »«aoa»py we are glad to aae thai Mr. Worcester has been guided i enta^iy by tbe most approved KagUsh atandards, jha*baaaccepted eachAmerican innovation*aswsatraties*aad diagram ofunfamiliar subjects. They readereasytoeverycapacityacomprebeasienofthe matter treated, which would not alweya be the case witha mere text explanation,beyond aquestion, bealmostentirely attheir mercy, not that w e are unprovided with the materials ne- cessary to be used ia defence,but simply fromsheer ignoranceofthemanner inwhichthosematerialsarevtnder always chips off their surface before delivering themtoapurchaser. Imustaddthattheprincipaldye is not red, like that of the Brazilwood (caxalpina), with whichitissometimesconfounded, butis black,shading onpurple. Tbetreesecretes,inaddition,areddishand transparentsubstance,analogoustogumArabic,which,tbeifcby avoid the necessity of recourse to courts of law. • Ittofurthercontemplated"tobringaboutassoonaapos- sible the election of a highly qualified ecclesiastical board, tobecomposedofthreelearnedrabbiesormore,whoshall beregardedastheexpoundersofthelawfortheIsrakte*of the United Slates, to introduce,ifpossible, asni-is the ceaasass baps that a great fatare aaay be ia S*M for Israel!ntbiecountry Fnrhere,tikenowbaree*w the means are offered to magnify the name of our OoAb* loretheeyesofallnations Butthto sasamnsncan«Ti. beaccomplishedh*weletshineforthmoraaadnuntkV sublimeprinciplesofourrehgioa,whicb,embractutaigoodaeasaaadeaphonytorecommendthem. It-meant logical terms and a*B**aea* the Dictionary will bf made and are to be applied to their proper purposes. fennd particularly rich.Jhe author appearing to have be And this want of knowledge is in part to be attributed aaewed aapeciaJ pains on thai branch of his labors. Onesi* the most valuable features of the work is its wood eufc nothing placed within reach of the community betweencorner stone of the world's moral structure fhs laaatar all that could be asked of Israel ts to penc't no imn*K meet to obstruct the free religious dovetopemeot » SNo. 1. Vol.1. C.T.Hurlbut,Broomestreet. Thai new medical quarterly will be heartly welcomed ay be meopathic practitioners all over the country, its objoct » to present the profeaeion with original and trans meed papers, by the ablest minds in the school of practice, both hers aad abroad. In its geaerai record of medic* acteoce w.il be included brief clinical reoords, frogmen* mry proving*ofdrags,aewdiscoveriesinchemistryr anatomy, physiology, pathology, surgery, a n d othebraachea appertainlag to the healing art. Such papersaaMateriaMedic*willbegivenfromtimetotimeaaaremast likely to interest medical men, and to enhance th-uwefumeaeofthisbranchofthescience. Thisplancareful-Itiswithgreatpleasure,therefore,thatwewelcomethe appearance of a new work on those subjects, entitled "The Artilleriafs Manual,'' b y Captain John Gibbon, a highly scientific and meritorious officer of artillery in ourregular service.Captain Gibbon is a graduate of the Military Asadsmy atWestPoint,andafteraserviceofseveralyearsinthe artillery was ordered to that institution in the capacity of "Instructor of Artillery," which position hefinedwith emi neatsatisfactiontohissuperiorofficers. Whilethusoccu- pied, and having free accessto the valuable library at the academy, in which are collected all the latest and best worksuponthedifferentbreccneeof militaryscience,becuttingdownsuchtreesaspleasetbem,accordingtotheir iuspicionofharboring,atleastinanindirectway,exclu- stmtamimeasure,andmust,theretore,besshiackadnt which won such success for the "Incidents of Travel" of caprice or convenient*' s e e The wood is cut down sive political tendencies—we now in the race of their un- close confinement by its own followers,tasTtoaZ* ato the lack of proper books of instruction. There has beenwithout making any changes to tbe accented mode of prayer," and finally to put tbe religious training of the American Jewish youth as well as the management of thethorn, b u t a s i t devetopea i t gathers in impenetrable solemn declarationmasses. Ia the forest it takes entire possession of »elves a certain number, to officiate as a so-called "Beard ,— — ' , while the present ebasco and Yucatan, where the logwood tree abounds,are interspersed with the lagoons, whicb, during the sea-son of the floods,almost always communicate with navi-gable streams. The wood can therefore be cheaply trans- charitable institutions of the country under the restraint ita own bosom. Nothing can be more detestable t wportedrromplacetoplace; yetno wordscanconveyan ideaoftheignorance andcarelessness withwhich this trafficiscarriedon. Thereisatotalabsenceofefficient or economical management The proprietor reposes a careless confidence in his woodcutters, wbo receive a realofsomesuperiorauthority. Whereas,Itcouldhardlyfailthatanumberofcongre-narrowmiaded institutions which promote meonexn!!i habitsanomelinations ofexclusmaeae, aad toatSZJi ecieavortoperpetuatetheirbaaefuiinfluencesbrJu^am. ter ing care of educational establishment >•», .riWhTS with such a spirit will seek Israels miration\* Zw2thes:mple manual andmechanical manoeuvres oftheheavygnn,andtheprofound andabstruseworksofThiroux and Gribeauval; these latter demanding a con-sumption of time and a mathematical knowledge which beautilul, which are well conveyed in the translation,and for each quintal of wood delivered at the point of em- whilst it disavowed at its inception tbe preponderance of eouris of law and a Jew«h papacy, ifJ a o 4 a m £ * *to be done, they cut it a yard or more from thelng forests. The roofs are generally thatched, though ground, where the trunk is thinner and more even, mands ot every member of the "nation of priests" a tho- TBE MATCH FOE TBE CHUniUNSHLP OP EMBLAKS—theyareoccasionallytiledwithflatstones takenfromthe ballast or ships. On the banks of the Lagoon, Where the houses are huddled closely together, these rustle roofs de notappeartogreatadvantage;butoutsideofth*commer- cialcentre,inmoreretiredportionsof thecity,theyhar-roughsearchingoftheHoly Scriptures. Thecrudesnd unripe intellectual state of a primitive people, like the an- cient Hebrews, whilst yet sunk to beathentoh notions, re- quiredaspecialprtosthoodasguardians ofthereligious doctrine,andtbedispensersofth* tew. Butvary soonunder his control a work which should convey, In plain with the primitive gardens which Isolate every habitation. out vigorous shoots. It is high tame that some intelligent native energy of the free unfettered mind, struggling for EPSOM DEBET, ETC.The streets, bordered with the white and red Sowers of proprietor should efToct a reform in this respect. The re- ita rights against hierarchical restraint and the petrifytng A* tbe match between the champions of America andly carried outcannotfailtogivetothepublicationahighcharacter amongst las profession. If the present number conceived the idea of compiling from the various source* monize with the bananna trees which shade them, aad is well known that the stumps thus left never again send there manifested itself in the persons of tbe Prophets thefourteen chapters and an appendix of statistical tables,mainly taken from t h e United States Ordnance Manual.In hie firstchaptertheauthorgivesafulldescriptionofgunpowder, its ingredients, manufacture, method of pre-servation and characteristics, explaining clearly ignitiontheplanoftheenginesandboilersemployedareallcare- andcombustion,andclosingwithadescriptionof theva- isan impenetrable thicket of thornytressandvinelike rious rasrhtnra in use for testing the strength of powder plants, with velvety pods, which depend from thefully noted and oompared. Considerable spaae is devotedto an examination of the) merits of the British screw war and determining "initial velocities." Many valuable ground to spring np again in new luxuriance. One must without one word being said of tbe difficulties in the way When at tes,t during the course of * few centuries, the the tmvsrssJ interest felt in thebranches, and when mature drop their seed oo the tread here with care, for these are the pods of the tugrttiameet to the preservation of a central religious body.antesmadeinregardtothem,which cannotfailtoprov-«a mast useful guide in ear own navy vards. W e haveameadescriptionof theexperimenta instituted toaseerSato the comparative efficiency of the Lopez sorew an-' to supersede powder. This brings us to the second nificant. Thefluidsof the various forms of vegetation are vessels from Europe come to receive them. The value of existing groundwork. This series of historical events will his training preparation Is already considerably advanced,chapter in which the author explains the different not exclusively confined to supporting and perpetuating wa tars Spencer sad MeLane by order of the Navy IV kinds of ordnance in general use, their forms, method the species; but the rich ssp which vivifies every plantandwhichpervades itseveryfibre,isalmostalwaysen- dowed with specific virtues,capable ofconnecting,by new relationships, these organized bodies with the rest of creation. How many unknown principles, among these varieties of resins, aromatic gums, oleaginous essence* andmilkyjuices,areonlyawaiting discoveryinorderto advancetheartsandtheindustrialsciences,eraddto our medical resources. How many, I say, are waiting for some fortuitous circumstance to reveal their BSaeflceatand useful properties. TOEliO(X)MOrTERM!NOH.the wood, when put on board, varies from three to ten of course receive a different interpretation when consi-realsthequintal. Atunrealsthevenderrealizesanim- deredfromsnorthodoxpointofview. But,certainly andtheretononecessityforbury. BBSopponent, mense profit, but it is a price rarely obtained. When a nothing could be more toimtcabto to the principles of or Sayerf, after giving sn exhibition at Rugby, abewt stuty proprietorhasnotsufficientcapitaltocutthewoodonhis thodoxythanthethoughtofrestoringareligious tribunalwithlegislativepowersduringtheinterimoftheMessianic own account, he sells out his cuttings, reserving one-third advent, Tbe Talmud declares, namely, that such an s s -of the product, to kind. Tbe conditions of this contractdiffer from those of a simllsr character with us. There to ihority can only be conferred through tbe Semicha, bynoland disposedor,on!>therightof sstehimbsagacer- whichthefpiritofGodjwascommunicatedinuninterrupted aightspenttothtomanner,hewould removetohat(ass>toordertosavelaborandtoavoidthe knots andprotu- berances which prevent it from being readily stripped of ita bark. There is something quite sad in this practice ofleavingaportionofthemutilatedtrunkstillstanding, themost importantpartof thstree,bytbeway,tine*itTHE BSXICIA EOTAED POM EaTSES—EEPOBTOf TBEIE MBFIIM3 QDNrRADICTED—SATKRS IN TSAU» INT, A T BKICHTOK—HBENAN IK TBE CO0NTBT —BST- TINS m LONDON ONTHITJGHT—OPINIONSOrTHE COGNOSCENTE OP THE RING—CMriKE ANO THEand tbe business of wood cutting, by careful management, mightthenbesavedfromtberuinwhichnowmenacesit Tbecuttingofthewoodcommenceswtthtbedryseason, whenthewaterbeginstofallandnavigationbecomesin-regular paths that cross them s a d lose themselves inclumpsofverdureoneitherhand,makeastrangeappealtotheimagination ofthestranger,whoIscoosuntlytemptedtoexplorethemysteriousrecessestowhichtheyappear to lead. A s one walks along contemplatively, h e terrupted. With the rise of the wstors transportation tois suddenly startled by the whizzing flight of the humming resumed,and the accumulated stock is rapidly cleared off. Scriptures. It remained only with the reserved right of to it to seme form or other. Even the London. bird;buthiseyes scarcelyrailonitwhen,seemingto Infavorablelocalities,wherenavigationiscontinuousfor theSanhedrimatJerusalemtopassdecisionsofagene- .Pest,theorgs*ofth*ass*sswndr,andtbe emit a ruddy spark, it disappears among the branches, the whole year, the cutting of the wool ge*s on steadily, rally binding force, and to secure a uniformity of religiousthatthevariousschoolsoflearningmaintainedconflicting snddeemingthesubjectoneofinteresttoitsreaders,de- views on very important points which often extended also votes a column to a personal description of the American to matters or practical life. (Maim. Mamrim 1 , 1 — 4 )EventheSanheurimoriginallyexerciseditofunctionsssa representativeoftbering,notes htodress sadaddress,' merelawtribunalwhich enforcedlegislative enactments narrate*hishistory,sndspeculatesonhischancesofvs> that included also religious ordinances. Tbe fall of the toryinhto i ugiuetic tourney with the cbampiomof Great Jewish commonwealth shook the sanbedral institution toThe lagoon of Terminos is about fifteen league* long byfromeighttotenbroad,andinitstranquillityandthecolor exorablelimitsofspaceforbid. Thepassagesquotedwill interdictingthechangeofasinglejotortittleintheac- byacuriouscoincidencebeenfixeduponforthepurnaw.b*M the entire foreign commerce of Mexico, leaving only cription of the actual mode of making his weapons availa- notions, the extent, wealth, and movement of the whole No. M of "Our Musical Friend" contains songs b y It bessaertod that mere instruction snd the power of in- around to every place of Interest, and introduced bam tothe subject of "ass coast defences,' a matter of absorb- mage, the aramus with its ringtog voice, and the slue per the priests of their respective parishes, and receivm* mainspring of a blind machine. Even deeds of charitysfSEEgreenaadpurpledrsfonfilesdartedabout inrapidand capr ctous flight. The gnats, at tbe same time, emergedThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069m triumph._ , _. „%% pw^VJOtaTssaafh djsf a m _sfaaMgbsalw wif*waw» waaas %M sawasal" ' "*""~ invariably^•aatrepobSthiaia ^•••teitbe j bo*phoraaosni^tvoftbessaiwayathe blows.phyrio,calledbytbeinhabitantssuBodeIfiMSfiaifssi(Mon- tezuma'schicken). Thekingfisher,withitsringedneck, isalsofoundhere,ofmuchlargersize than withus. It flutterscontinuallyoverthewater,while the falcon,ut- teringpiercingshrieks,plungessuddenlyintotheriver, raws perpendicularly wtth its prey, and then whirls itself upwardahighintheair,untilalmostlosttotheview, laaretotenoedtobeprescribedandregulatedfromabove Thelivingstreamofthenoblest impulses oftbehuman heartwhichourfellowbelieversIntheUnitedState*have sooftenandso brilliantly exhibited to tbeworld,shall nowbeconductedtotehierarchicalni—nimto Ittodiffi cult to comprehend how the thought could be entertained foraninstantofurginguponfreemen theexpediencyofgatiecs would immediately oppose the formation of a sefi*- tocfetituted organ for tbe Jewish communities, which,dirgusKd designs of the proposed measure, cannot any longer ignore the obligation of entering our open aad de- cided protest against it, for tbe following reasons:—were :ar better to order its iuneral than ootnmau £ . prison. • • *I>r. DAVID HNHQRV, Rabbi of the Har-Sinai Con 6. G. PU17XL. Prestient of the H. S. Congregation M. BROWNOLD, Secretary ^ ^ " *Here follow tbe signatures of ah the members sf ton BarfcuaCongregation.8 porting.1. Any kind of ecclesiastical rule, which in thto esse isandexpounders,andthusthepathwasclearedfortheaumif sion of the private right of searching th e Holy is scarcely a payer, dairy or weekly, that dec* not shod*Tabasco, and extend from tbe coast of the Gulf to the baseof tbe mountains. Their products are sent by way of the dral power vanished with the Patriarchate, and thus at the country, in the nelghoorhood oflSibabury, to Wfit-tolaadofCarmenand LaFrentera tothepointwherethe leastfull scopewasafforded to farther advancesonthe shire. Hetodoingregular,butgentleworkatpiwast,asshow,however,thathtonarrativetoequallypleasing, ceptedformofprayers,sndontheothersideitwereto IttonotanticipatedthateitherSeversortheBejwaasoyof its waters more resembles an inland lake than a de-pendencyoftheocean. Itsyellowtintisnodoubtdueto picturesqueandInstructive.thesolublesoilandthedrainage fromthemarshes whichsurround it. Nothing can be more complicated than th e AN EPITOME O P B R A I T H W I I T E S R m t o g P E c r . B v snd consequently be vested with full Sanbedral power. The report of Heeoaa and Sayers having met at OwesingimportanceatOtispresentmoment.Thebookcon-cludeswith practicaldataastothe"passageofrivers.''sswellontoeasenthewater,andgives a fullaadaccu-ratedescriptionofthsbestformsofpontoonbridgesadopted in modera military science, describing the m ethodsofbuildingaadremovingthem.Thewholework contrastwiththesepleasanteights,wefanciedthatwe parteofIngland.Thebellrungonthedaywastermed submittingtoadegradingstateoftutelage.Butfarmore apeecb. BetoobviouslynoUougtes5s*sed a fortnight to th e, CockflghUng, pitching at hens and capons, snow balling,ioot balling, raataetie precessions, aad a vast smount ofother torn foolery, weraasnoag tbe amusements indulged tobythepeoptoformerly. "Threshingtbehen"constitutedf^S^^m.mm " » » • lotteries. It consisted oftbeS«SW^^Iem0nie,r-An M ben-generaiiy agoodTor theancientcovenantevenIndistantlandsview withpe bearersforthecontestofnext November. Selectedasthe <**& <*TM» «>»WW beeffacedlrVm my"But,myfrteadsjwcaretoprooee-1toOsrlestosts«y down a platform of principles and to select stoadsHI•"••SLJ1 •.*5S"i» !!•*DW*a •***•"<br wild antmal,HEW ltTJEIC.commercialworld.Besidestheswordfiahandth*different spiringandconvincingspeecharetheail-efficientmeans, manyofhisaristocraticpatrons. Itttnottobewondered bleforattackordefence.Allthisiaclearlyandplainlyspeciesofsharkswhichswarminit,mayalsobeseen,Hattoa,LintoyandStoepel,*OnpidWatts,byKallak;whatmeanthesegrandpastorswboaretogiveorderstoat,therefore,thathtoconductandthatofhtoprincipal's,toSayers,tothussedulouslyavoidinganInterview,snoote he regarded a* ungentlemanly on their part sad anmar. teous to the champion himself.ntoemillionstotheUnitedState*,andtwelvemil-toallothernation*. Thstablesofproductsandmmnafnetares show that Mexico produces in abundanceaaaay article* which ws esaanme, sad receive BOW fromajaber sosroes, wails she offers a valuable market for our with some practical information a* to the breaching of the shadow of aquatic plants, and after seizing it smothers and choruses, arranged by Augustas Cull.theirsubpastorsandtheflock,aadthusestshhabashamefulsystemofwirepulling? Mo,notintheelectricflashes of enthusiasm, but ia the devastating thunderboltsof the ban would this new Hedged Sanhedrim exhibits itaworkings. The lamentable results of such a demoralising American. A well knew* sporting mas » Lie-laiddowninchapters7and8. Thissubjectincludesthe details in relation t o "charges," t h e "measure o f dis- tances," "sighting" and the "heating of shot," togetherwhenthewatersarestill,thevoraciousrayfish,oftenof Sigant*aize,called,inthiscountry.wonto. Ittodreaded by fishermen, and they rarely succeed In capturing it. Accordingtotheiraccount,itawaitsU*preyqutottyunderandSt.Valentine'sDay,aredows,byFradeLWehave received from HoraceWatersaoolleoUonof sacred melodies, consisting ofsolos, duets, trios, quartettesThe betting to London to unmistakably to favor of thsitbetweenthelobesof Msfins,asbetween thefolds ofamantleormanta. 6nthetonerorcontinentalahorseofThe 9th chapter contains full descriptions of the various the Lagoon, the dominion of savage nature oommsnoesto; millions a year going to England alone, by her West Improved ruses used for exploding shells, together with Dangerous animals infest tbe woods; reptiles twsn* them- fine mexsotint engraving of a picture by Fredericks, illus- ligious associations, disgust and aversion far congregation- present week to all the principal sporting *ouss>caston, grain, machinery and other products. walls by siege artillery.BNSBATWOS.tratingaaceasfrom thepopular novel of "TheHeirof Redcliie."8nrov*tMe,orPsncakeDay."aha stiver exports s f Mexico are very large—some twsn.Mr. Jeckman, sf Mo. 488 Broadway, has published nBadta mail staamanips, endalittleover foormillionsto aha Unltod Slatos, which h a s n o stosaship connection whateverwithanyportintheMexican gulf. Thsobject afthaibookistosetforththeimportanceofamailsteamwith Mexico, In diverting the tradsthe results of a number of experiments made with a view todetermine thecertainty andaccuracyoftheseveral kmdsmostinfavorwithmilitarymen.selvesaroundthetrunksofthetrees; theatmosphereis alive with insects; and man himself is no longer Btoster of creation, buta bewildered wayfarer, who Journeys withfurtivesteps,amidstathousanddangers.siaflairs,ifnot,perhaps,for theInstitutionsot Judaismto general. That It is here not intended to draw mere pic-turesofterror,ittoonly necessarytoottoInproofthestrikinginstanceafforded bytheactionoftheBoardofDeputiesfortheBritishJews. In1842thtoBoardex- tbemostsurprisingthingthatIeversaw,thattheya* communicated, in virtue of tea assumed religious authori lay odds on a man wbo only fought one* to his life asdThe different implements for pointing and loading areTHSKirxaiscsusurra.We bad now traversed the region of lagoons, aad fairlvand gives some valuable information in relation to artil- leryhorses,themethodofembarking anddisembarking them, and their care on the march.Chapter13containsdetailsinrelationtotheattackand defence of fortiflsations, ss also reoonnowsaaces, surveys, andadescriptionofthemanneroflaying outandthrow-than tbe shadow remains now; tbe rich old games, and sportsandfrolics,havenearlyallpassed away,andwith them, it must in fairness be added, much that ought not toberegretted-muchthatwasnotmerelysilly,butcruel andbrutalShrovetideisderivedfromtwooldSaxonwords,shrieeto confess, and tid, ths* or season.it occurring immedi- usurped power of ecclesiastical authority the great oonfltot friends, whose confidence to his powers was not shake*,'In the good old times—even before thto magnificent con* describedinthe10thchanter.Thenextsubdivisionisenteredtheriver.Itsbankswereabrupt,andrsmnoasdtinentws*knowntoColumbus—thtodaywascelebratedty,tbeWestLondonSynagogueforhavingin-wasthenbeatenTheysaythathetotoobigaadusito the United States, but as a ststtotieal and devoted entirely to the subject of "ammunition " Full of a soil half sand, half clay. Where the shares 'were troduced some trifling reforms. The officers of young for Sayersto cope successfully agntost- The Los work upon ths* republic, tt ia most valuable, flat, they were covered with reeds and long grass, while as Shrovetide in "merry England," auld Scotia, fair Hi- the new synagogue threatened to bring this ease before a doners, or at least those who have sesa Beenan, are east ;as it das* detailed accounts of the geography, explanation to given in relation to the various kinds of here and there they were magnificently shaded by'forest bernia, and almost all other Catholic countries. We have proper tribunal or the Parliament, on account sf the token wtth hto appearance and cooveraatioa, but bs seat cartridges, shot and shells, aad also of ths manner of trees. Between these walls of verdure might be seen ths not yet quite forgotten the fine old customs at that ths* legal disadvantages which thto excommunication would very quiet white he ws* in the city, and 1only met ate t, agriculture,manufactures aadinternaltrade of preparingthemfor use. This subject also include*the blueperspectiveofthe lagoons,terminatinginadimbelt cause. Thetontosatfenexcited bythtoattempttobrand byaccidenttotheHaymarket Ithinkhelooksiatots* of distentforests. Asweadvanced,vegetation assumed peculiar to thto "tide" or season,andstill "Psncake otherssshereticsransohigh that theoongregationaof coadtttonthanwhanIsawhimfightMmiBWSJtoCasass" severaldescriptionsofprimers,portfires,rockets,andamoreandmoreinterestingappearance.Asonead-Day''iskeptuptoacertainextentbyfamiliesoftheoldLiverpoolandManchestersentth*infamousdocumentfteyenthasnotyetfixeduponhistrainer.Bewaamtabsolutionthereafter. InGreatBritain,ang^dpaVucu larly,thecustomwasobserved withTOnuderable^rUmr andthepublicbellswererungfremteno'clockmthemora' toguntilsundown,forthepurposeofremindit "[FromtheCbartoatooHercury,P«bIE] Mr.FernandoWoodtonomtoated byaDssaseri"psncake" formed a great feature to the festivities—intime when t i * subject on which It treats is foro view truly enchanting from its novelty, and sufficiently fact, it was the institution of the day. In Pasquil's "Pah- the reugK.ua attain and pwos offerings, but atoo tbTchnl whether we than have a part; at all. Thto to excelteat.to the militory Mlinns of the country, made, too, at aexcltingto nmk* up for the lack of saso^ionaTDurins nodia" we are told that on Shrove Tuesdav every sto- tog itself more aad more upon the attention o the whole of my journey these pleasurable emotions o o ? mach—*Thisto ell the Southern rights party of the Sana req<i<rr of the Convention. Let the Charlesum Coevwauoa reea- dtoto"availability" andalleomprointoet ofpriacipM* Let E reorganise ana reconstruct tbe democratic p* ty, snd thus make tt (what it is act now) a party, by n plain atolfuss ef principles: and tbe BOBI* ofthe community. Theexposed eondiUoa of the large tiaued;myinterestandcuriositywereconstantlyexciud aaV ^ ^ ^ H t e w a r d a tbeunexplored and unknown;i • •j uj*i iu© scenes on toe ssAeniy with those who nave the honor and glory of the i'sumaeinta, by their melancholy grandeur and primitive poetry, have left the most profound a n d lasting impres-THIitcaneatnomore, Is fritter filled, as well as heart can wish;And every n u n and maide doe take their torse, And tosse their pancakes up tor tear* they burse; And all the kitchen doth with laughter sound,To see tns psnsakts fail upon th* ground.ef the United States will most probably carry for its « • • didate* s united Smth. We give the eoodudicg words sf Mr Wood's Breach. W e trust the wbete South wal sup- port them:—Jttofiij to heart, but wlmsJ classes of citnens, who, ro- ths fast Una their property aad lives a r e a tntoudablsdesiretogam **sm SV waa*E KDBEJDD^V^ •smtm aansBamamw v i jr»\rw*^«*s"sions on my mind.Werial Jewish courts of law, which removed to some extent tbe civil disabilities that ar* bmeparabto tress their ecceo uonal social and poUUcal position. A n d to thto divinely feveredrepublic,whichacknowledge* buten*fewand onejudgment forall,and whose tostltnttons ths noesofToallsuihwere- vecollectedPteato,shellsandbutterflies,ofwhtehtEer.'1" ffTt nftawasawat VttfswMBsSe WHBOQS*- flaTfftt* b^saWBtaaaamf VfJaff O** SsSS^SS. **•" *»0 Saw,crwasfoTaaei other MiliarInuring,lirrrsailSftialrstton trsghtbaselatahial therepresentatives ofthenatal—I deaaseracy.pureaadE§••*—L.TT~.^—wwa**mark.Theknowledgethata.mtrtogtnsewasjnssofnana*opof Bta^ce^S^"^-?!^^"^^tothebacko."attesdesireordreamofprovidingthemselveswfeabarsimple,thepartweshaUacttoconstructingthatptaforatoncereducedtoprac- th* ruinswhkhhave keptthe secret weL Monn,whose intelligencewasferpurposeofre- beiantoperceivenewworldsopening raviD U1— M0 MtoIns ukegreminterestinthestudyofnaturalhistory.win,toany csi Wully pot by a store of eocuyos, erfir*the*, which . . _ " •'- - * aw, staanswa wnvtsta sHtaw* ftoa attornan a • • •*•-- .ofwT^scam^b^r?1 T-,*?? ^ A Dum*r rtorasndenclosures,andtolongforseparatejuridiaaland andtothecreation efthose candidates, willredound » ablTao««h?^;«T^!^P^^t0e,n»elT** wthformid. civil institutions? whygiveanoccasionto thestander tbeglorycrthe shame ofthose whoa* sgsato we are. •i.2r~»!!*r^'w'wtt'nbUndl*»ded bytheirsweethamrta togtongue*ofouropponentsforquestioningtbeex- Tbebkturyofthedemocraticr~"'J latolm"l—'"*determined to take with him to France . that*J£»«****mrtoeat ^bamZ^V^ST, guided bytremetorsendattachmentwhichallofus.without totheceLditionofthingsasnowexisting. Atnoperiod one exception, feel toward our common country, sad thus since the inundation of the gov«Tm*nt has a ITeskten-coni •ae bright. Th* nwrntog* _ _ „ ..„, „ —n+imm. "tfuLHuwnttofEire*dartedamongthevineswhiehtermed then selves around the watt of the old patoes, whitethus killing the duly entitled t>character of the Hebrew race? TbeeditoroftheOcridenf.aJewishpaperpubltohsdtoPhiladelphia,whstooneoftheVic*Presidentsofthe "Board," and who took an native pertfn ito organisation, views this matter to quite a different light. A n articleWhich appeared in the taxi paper of January 12, lt*C.snd that nsne is Ufa or death. Such slnpsartons eoev- quencesneverbeforeweredependentapestheeaseset aparty-aparty,ssitwere,tobereconstructedbythe Natioial Crnventton about to assemble: snd i ;to* row* is depaadcBt upon the enntusf of thtocvutuected party, ae will nUntitled Documentwill be present on the occasion, as they will have fairly tbeIsraelites,inthecapacityof expounders of ths law, commencedtheirimportanttaskeftrainiag.attempttbeerectionofanecclesiasticalboardtoruleovertransfer on say one the 8hecmnah, were he even the equal to greatness to Rabbi Aklbah.servitudearenotdifficultto foretell Quarrels andbtok- erings,hatredsndenmitywithoutendtothsbosomof the congregations, severance In large numbers from re-don, who has had considerable experienceto ram matters there, as wenss some in thto octs*ryr thus writes:—"I have bee* around during tofThecowardrsspsrttogth*illnessaaddeathofrar«e ft.InadditiontotbeforegoingJtBoastlikewisebere- producedameremomentaryeffectonthebettingThe membered that tbe"Board" isnotalonesatiatedwith bookmakers atTnttersall'ewere shyofbettingsgawstthe prospect of being able to allay by means ofthe him, aadwhen twoor three of tnsAsneneasBarer*and judiciary| rights of the Israelites areto be placed under th* jwoteeaseste of thtoparental"Board." Itisnoteasy to findstrong enough to stigmatise s masours whichhah aa exclusive Jewish State within n State.shghted Jewa who live under the Christian governmentsof Europejoyfully welcomed, without regard to the di- the Convention for the Presidency and Vice Presidency vergence of their renglous opinions, the abrogation of apelend countenance to the sinister reproach that s spirit of tial eootett presented a similar hsme or involved a mmiiar -.. hi bitting and Whichever of the exclutivenesB and on uncongenial disposition ms-k the <orsideration. Forths first time there is but one awas,jumpirg toleltowsunfortunate ban,carry off tns ^practicewasattendedwtthwas also curiomary to present the poor deau hen to t h , damsel who was la tbe habit of laying abed longest in th't tbe earth ihrcegh tbe dsscsadaato of abram ienterdeclare,thatwhilstavowingourtorefor. ._in the itvigoruting effects af sea bathing After afert-made an appointment to saeet Sayers the same events*, Owen immediately sent off for the champion. wnt> promptly attended, but ffeenen did not put in an appear- ance,andTomwasagaindisappointed. Thereisastrong feeling prevailing among the London sporting men thatin thecity, andtomygreat sorprtse found someaf tbe oldest ring goers, snd some of tbe bast Judges in sssv tttt puglitotte,becktagthehwutotoBoyatths oessoftrs tofour,aadInonecaseIse*£Mto£A&hud. Tan*was unable to comply. He will, however, act as one sf htosecondstohtofight,andsshohasseenthe"Boy'ia* hto digits, his advice will, no doubt, be of service to Saysto onthatmomentousoccasion. www.fultonhistory.com 