 i to bnag ex Governor Wtes b < w u w a ofthatMBanksaNorthernan,Mr.Hyatt,so* Northern BMB. Mr Bndborn, whoI n b o r n by an act ot tboaaapaaf. I after theae psa/ars, and ask that Maw go,w.ib the aataaartal, to the table. MrMUaoa,<dem)ofVai-Mr.r^aaftdent,IobjectedtoBitreferenceof tbe Dwrnorml beeaaeeIdough*thatBO acta* ahoaM ha taken without the orbmai return. I said to*;I,at anurae,hadBOpersonal knowledgeofanything that had nsaanareW: bat, as wall aa T eoaid tali from aSpring; Fashion, I860.—Harris «fcRi^A X, Ztb Bowery 383 Grand street, 231 Btehtb arenue. offer their larjee aaaortmentot' Hata and Caps far misses and ohilixen.Silk Bate for gentlemen only S3.White's "Sensation"Or<eaaHat, Spring *tr'e—WHITg, hatter, 218 Broadwsy, opposite St. Paula •Qli/Ch.Otnti' Bala-Unrivalled for Style, Ele- r ix,nf or da>«9f ity Vontha' and Children's Bats and Gap*—o'clockpreciselyDUSTUAX—At his late residence, Toms River, N. J., onThursday morning, after a short illness. CJI S. C. DCS- u.tM, aged 68 years. 1 month and 23 daysHis friends are invMed to at end his funeral on Sunday morning, at half p u t ten o clock.New Brunswick (N. J ) mpera please copy.FILXEK —On Thursday, April 12, Mrs. S , wile of Wil- liam Filmer, of cocsanirtioa. aged 30 years.Her relatives snd friends of the Tamily are invited tolove,eherishaadsupportbarthrong*Ufa Shela,of aocomplialipieiia aad a of aught flyura, and bss sssill fsiil A deseripticn ef earreijimilssn dasirad. 1itiian nu oar week J . B . B , bos 167 Herald ofltee.CHABXI8 IBODSHAM WATCHBS.BOBCBT BAIT A CO..Ml Broadway, comer of Warren sheet. Bow Tors,Rave JWR received a splendid assortment of Time Keenert, by the above celebrated maker, wbteh tsey have great pic* sure in reccmmeudiiig to their friends and the pubhcas assay ho nerves to tad:rre to make of the aaaject; aad It may po-wibly involve aa mejmry to aamrtam the faato, which saem to be in coaStot between the party who made the arrest and the lwpaty Sheriff whoBerxed the habeas c wpoa But the Beaahw retart la the action af the committee It la the i eaaare of that Seaaaar to aay that the ex Gorerao- ©T V rayon* aaanoaed information which he wooll not die cone, aad Matt rahtoa areald net drrr* htm to do It: aad it to the pleaaare of Matt Baaaaar to aaaomc that aha com nuiwe bare token no action to hive that feaUemaa breafht baton them, aad he prteomes that the com nuttee had refrained from actio* from a desire only to fat •that son af toforamaon from Northern max. Mow, I will aay to that Senator, ttmt be a sweakwg apoa a subject upon winch be has BOtowiaa af floa-ng tee above SkiUagaiee, with bat tittle ftlcnhy.B r o o k l y n . - . P a c t I t . I U p n . n h U , t h s t W i l - i.douti hew lork crthe emiatry.Spring; Baslneaa Salts, from S7 50 to$if.i'Sark frers PnM. f-"m fl* ra »Black Frock Coato, from 84 Hi to f 15Business Coeta fron 83 to $10Ca««4Bear* Fat'a frosj gt to 8Aweta of a-) «*-. l*e asd matertala. from SI It) u *iO*"*'- A B1'1»TSR S liO. ManrooUi ^lothlaf W»ieh>oae290and 32 Bowery, between Houstou aim Biecker streets-- - — •Oni..— JAMKS- GILL, nrbo was accidentally drowasd on DTBFBFSIA, nsOPRT AKD FKTBB AMD AGUB,The Hoose a aagaged on ornate bilto.Mr. risma. (ram.) af N. Y Iwtrict of Cotambto, aaorad atork.Tba betog reftmed he asked to beattend the funeral this (Saturday) afternoon, at three o'clock.BROADW A YThe larrest and best selected aasortma of OAS FIJTTJBanOnOBBtork.U:Pwnaa. (rap.) af Wto , theComautteello employs arfsrh.Herrtngr's Patent Cha iplon Fire Burs tor Proof S8aiaalSl Bnsdway, enter sf Murray Bow Tork.Defiance Salamander Safes—Withtact powder procf locks aad cross b a n Alan, ore and bor- *l*r procf Sffleboard and Farior Safm Depot «i Mmrrav st.Thertdga,fD.AXV11AB, Y a . March T„ t88C.COSTTVIHgtS AXE MZZTBXSi CtrSBBRrwToax,AarflSDs B BBAXBaxrs:—i x a x Sit.—IB the sprtog of 1«FS I had thehreakmythigh,hieneserjaenseefe a s e eitrenx Iv dabtmated. and IsuSuad wnb great coattvo- reti attaiMteit wtth d./rlneaw aad s n a r s pate la aba head awa} Ode and qpprsaator. of the haart. I waa atoaaded by pb*stetana of tato olty for tbraw y»»ra!i, f, aad bad despaired of a cure till BaaBytry roar Pills whtoh almost instantly renevsfcor' mreeorroteulv reatorad nr healththe MImedxine la the world Yours truly^^J Anas MDnrni. 888 Went street •«Jd si » easts per box wi:h full dirneuowa at toe nttoaapal ofree S»t • vaa! street, and at Po 4 CcXm so'ssra. sad by alldraiemsIRGKBSf«WISti MaCHIaMS.No. 2 Sewins Machine.. o 1 Sawteg Maebtoe.Tha Family Bowmg Maebtoe, . The family rewlag Mssnwir.. Hertaiiiig Gauirea __•••HARPEB k BKOTHER3 aril! send either of tae abcrrefct-tea under 3 COOmilesj, on receipt of the money. Cathartto Pitta- » ehsbto for Stiatnnbill hastoso18Me- Money market slightly mora stringent, wtth an lanprsisrt demand. Sight exchange on New York wtthont altamttoa.THE LATEST SHIPPING NEWS. MleeellaThe friends am! relatives of the family are respectfully FROM THB KAMLIBST T1MM TO THE FRENCH REVO store orDtnocratlr MtmSa B>. Lor*),April 12, aastoadaga Stales!«a, wbteh was so severe toat my nfe was for a t length of asae dea^airad of Whoa Irwsoverad I I sonic wtth diSVeolt) ssnteisvawad of ever being ab'e to 1*hay ham altos ant has Unas shaaSaanasaMy at atIT Jossrss, Mo., Aori! IS, I860 • af aha g n a t overland expno etock torn momiag wtth a fair full sateteiij ef totogvaphicW^atarSpecutiibea—(Ussssrs af the lungs and:-' 11Ida, or various axes, forms aad patterns-,forsaleattonSa- to biiahment. No. 8 new Canal stree t near East Broadway.at WMJtefcall. TBOT, April M, 1880."at Whitehall, N. Y., homed, a broke at four dealt ojed, inclad teg i , t h e P o t t O f f i c e , t h e t e l e g r a p h o f f i c e , a m ! t h e at lav to aooompttn that express offiea, aad the Are was still raginf. Aa engine eft Rutland for the secoe at six o'clock P M. and helprkncoe were drowned off Cape Born by the boat being "flashedbyawhale. ThenamesotthetostareCapt.W fl Almy, hie sea Geo. H Aimy, Hugh Bell, Henry 8ao- caiaette, Ecwin McNamara, James Castle. Warren Thuri "m, aad Maaael, Poringueae. the Rescue armed in New QedtOtd yesterday.Fatal Railroad Aeddeat.• CniCAtso. April 13, I860.Tteexpress tramfaomSt,LoomforChicagolastnight• mt • throne,h the tressel work bridge three miles northThe relatives and friends of tha family, atoo the mem bars of Neptune Lodge No. 817, F. and A. M., are requeat *d to attend the funeral, from hto tots residence. No. 80 Warren street. South Brooklyn, en Sunday aiternoon, at two 0*010081.JOHM MTXXg k CO., AF1VI MIMTTSS' CALLAt BOGKRS k BA TMONDS 1 . will eonvrneilout for thai, lehwtoMwwTork.A fiCRNEAM'P FUBBITUBM xTTJBBart-rCRBrTUBB . p a e k i n e e s t a b l i s h m e n t . 1 1 1 a n d 1 1 3 W e s t B t e v e n t h s t r e e .MMIWH WOBCBaTTBMwfil U » * £ 2 * ' - ^" W h y a l l OMB • d a r t t o a n s a M rmen's Bats—These anrtraltod Bats are to greater renueat •tan ever before Their sup—tor quality, etegaat appearance < D<I m a n r e t t o n s n h s s p a e m i s a m s a a r e t a f t h i s g r a m d e m a n d TheThe friends and those of her husband are respectfully '^"•M"1 to *ttend bar funeral, from her tote residence, N o . 1 2 3 W e s t T h i r t y - t h i r d s t r e e t , t h a i ( S a t u r d a y ) a f t e r -T TOlPg MAGsTBTTC T h e a s s a a d o n l y. . . " " M " T f w* W ^ M• • •onthe wave,tosnaginvited to attend his funeral from the residence of his brother, Andrew Mulligan, this (Saturday) afternoon, at two o clock. Hk remains will be conveyed to Calvary Cemetery for iatermnut.PUTT —In this city, on Thursday, April 12, IIAA Nrw conn, only daughter of James H. and Sarah C. Piatt, aged 1 year and 7 months.The relative- and firiends or the family are invited to at- tend the funeral, at the residence of her parents, 208 Madison street, this (Saturday) morning.'at ten o'clock. The remain.- will be taken to Westport, Conn.PEHWY —On Friday, April 13. of inflammation of the lungs, THOMAS F PSXNRY in the 59th year of his age.The friends or the family. and the members or the vari- ous temperance assodauons in the city, are iovited to at tend his funera' on Sunday afternoon. at half past one o'clock, from the Befrrmed Dutch church, Broome street, corner of Greene, without further notice.SuiVRS* —A*.Jamaisa. I.ocp Is an.' on Thrtrsdav evenmr. Apri: 12 A.YNH: EITMU. youngest onagtrer 0;' (rilber*. and Ann 11 Sayres. a^ed 1 year 1 months an1 26 days.Funeral this (?aajrday) af'erncjt.at half past nne w:tfc&utft:rthe'notion, long Island cars ieav-; South Fer- ry'. S}rook!2'n, a: twelve. 4L..I will stop at Canal street,lamaica.0 clock Th:'friendB o'the family are invited to attendTiapsoK.—i.»n Vriday. Apn' 13, a*t»r a hogermg ' Inese, MARIA LAVINLA. lEi'ast daughter of William and Mary 3 Tim t.eon.LUTtOB OF 1789. VOL. L(ARCTEST GAXTL) BT PABXE tlOPWTK.S«o.. muslin $2.This is the firs, complete and elaborate History of Fraaee, drawn from original sonrbm. ever attempted in toe Stagnant laasusiie Mr. (>od<fin has bean many yearsanaaaad in in preparation, and has spared no pains to make it worthy of ate own reoutaiioo Its publication wilt add another t-> thebat of sreat hworca: works by which Bancroft, Preeoott, HK dreth aad Motie-- have shed lustre upon their country.—Corr. Phil Props.1 cannot donbt be f utteas cf a work wbteh bears in every part so strong an tmprta! of a clear, rigorous, compre- hensive mind, and a s a w earnest aad true heart Human svmpath-. is an essential element ta tte right 'liceralanding of history, and you have written, as tt seems 10 me, from an emraectiy human pcint of view. 1 he herdes' part of re ur task m done, tor the hardest period to 1 reat on our aide of the A t!»x 11c, c mptetaiy ent off aa we are frrrn the suggestive asnosnttlans and pmnsahtos which make the remote cast go life like a study to Europe, a thai of Gallic. Rowan and Mero\ingiac Gsul: and ir you have succeeded so veil in this, whit BUT we not expect from you when the unity of your subject permits vcu to bring all your atrength fci bear •1 -01; aernnected narrative, fall, barmoBious, animated with striking characters, dramatic tnridents and the dear and wall detinec movrmait ot a great ci\ i.i;auon Ycur etrto is clear, forcible, and at times aichly sraphie. There are me<: uairttea I thmk. and oeeaaional hadications of wearinesa redeem*d. however by passages of singular terseness and power TV, detcrtptiou of the invasion ot Atuia is e^uai to sui thing in our historical .iieratore, a:.d tre expostloo or the character of Chnauanitv and us ii.imencee on the Roman and Oerman aorld. • a line specimen of phliisophical tkouata and writing — extractfromalettertotheauthorfromProfaasorG.W.seekekiily. whtohperhaps delirium. Be aat toof a tow daya if vcu toko theare "auaaked, swallow tram »ve to atobt afPills. IT, in six or eight hours, yon are notor six more plin. In the next twenty "more saonSd be nawn: and. tfplane, a emsliar dose toe atord day. Thissent to aura to earn. A ptoae ef sites us'aPlaster ssay be very advsateens satr applied to the both aides, or Brandreth a UntoaanL or 1tog appleaUon Good naramg shoaMbe aseii 1 sS.BrTodreth a Pflls are hagbty prised by sll whobilious and over eossptataw. drapetnto, wtod,new ataafness, dhtsmeas af tha ey en, Aw. Farnesaas a family spertoat madtotos.aad saaparMaf af blood, they are snsnrpsassd: aad in all sudden aatoafca af t»es than- prcatpt use a often the was as of savingfast raonnc axnxt\*D.i, (mp.) af Iowa, from the Patsiac BailroadPBILADSLPHIA. April IS—Arr (by tel> atoamers Dela- i, and Sarah, Jones, MIork; brig Caroline, Gtbbs, n Sorman, Collins, St Doannro: Baa Gall, Stack-, St Joan. BB: stedway Belie (Br), Marine. Halifai: W B Darhng. Baator. ristoiwnith. KH; Treasurer. *laker, and H R Wavtonj Matey. Boston, O Webster, Smith New London. CM bark Chanter, « rosby, Cardenas: brtes May Queen. Morton, Beaton; Minna, Weasel*. Chartoaton: mars H Meal. Henabtan, Vambroke; Reseoa, Peodteton. Oardiaer. H S WeUoe, Maioy, Crtamtli Marrows; I» We bater Perry. Praihtenee.(Miner of College place.BOBSRT M. PATRICK.awnad s btH on the subject, which waa ariered to he printed, a a l referred back.Parker Bra s. Celebrated London Club Sauce Msupertor to all others now to nee, and sold at a much less rate. Inducecsable a; the breakfast, 1icon or dinner ta bie . oee baa only to nrooure a bottle from any reaaeetablo groeertoteat its savrry qual!ttea «>rders supplied bv A J Pi> RKER, No. lb Beekman street, sole s*en*- for the Cnited Mates.Crtstadoro's Hatr Dye, Wlgce and Ton- ^**~The best to the world, wholesale and retail, and t&a dye i>r>«**eij app'-ied 6 Aster HouseBateheloreHairDye,WigitaulTostpoo 'setory,!« Boat' tu-eet Prl»ate entrance for ladiea. I be Ova? a^oltod ia the uy-llabt roomsHilts Hair Dye, "»0 Cents —Dt-poi No 1Ssrciav »treet, and *£d by all diusxista IniaitJble onirnen*. f o r UMI h a i rTrefello, the True Seeret of Beant), mftess. p':nflm. cleaosea a»:d Lavlsxtrates (he site; readers the completion beautifully ci*ar aad brilliant. 6U cants a nsttto.BeamtArml Cwnaplextoa—Laird's l-tqnl" Pearl has achieved a oeiehrtty aa havui* BO equai (or beau i t'jing sad pnsarrlcr the skin t i 'Vw'«<.W tsjs. Wigs.—Clirehnffh's lllatlvr Wigs steed pre-eimett tor Habtoaaa bea.n:y aad St S*> Broadw^ * ucitiTaa* earner of Saade mreet, oopoeise she mart'sThe relai.vea anu fnenc ?o; the family are respectfully Medical Dtaenvery, strtctiv foilowlns the dlrtctlo* in tan oa» lnvjttU to (Utend the funera.. Irom Ler late resislence, 9Slit esE. FxixntXTB. M. D.—AdjaamadlfBre Jrams crash.t i s - ftx years ago I waa afflicted wfth aa ialso atootecl e^hteen OanTenttoB. and nine Electorsis onJerstood to stand aa , 11; Daogtoa. 3: Dtcfclneon aad Breesisadjonmadaa-die»mrsrMmmaetpat Elcrttvm. HammaTTX«, Pa.. April la, 1*80.Bowsxr TBXATaB, April 13, i860. Be yonr report or the riot at the Bowery theatre, onthsrscsy nizas, lereml inaccuiactes occur, no serious dis Uirbmcehavingtakenplana. Anumberof"Bovery beys" (to styled.) from whom I had take a the privilege ofthefreelist,whichtheybadabused,paidfortheir a^mtastons with the avoaed purpose, to use their own elegant language, of 'girag me a blast " Tais "blasi'" cocaaied ot a few hif ses whenever 1 appeared upon the •teg*, and arowca the mdijrnati-»n of the or^er^y maM* L. S r i jWB Kefner was aiecaad Mayor at thto city to Cay by Mc matortty.n a t e s Has* CJuurlastmauBorroa, April 13,1«30The Mmwar 8. R- apaaWiag, amply proraamod. and Shoe* sixty peeeengers. toclodtng the delegates to the Xabaaal Denaecrator Can-rentian, and a band of music,fcft tha evosSki far Caartoaton via Baltimore.BTStlr*.stated, and cosalderahle noise, which subside 1 :a about tn>i mmtte There were no "dead rabbits" in th> place, EO C'adiT weajwns were naci nothing was brok«n e i rrptirf s chair, aol nobody was either siverely or ptr- fiall> r;'ired. if I may be permitted to exclude a boy who 't tired with aa isaa&gumel nose, caused by an accidental howr'iorr a aerroas neighbors elbow. Tha aulience •filBot leave the bonie. and the performanses were ful-luiiy invited to atoeni the funera on tienday at twoIt the a n , Mid ad whan tb -Dsanrv-On Thursday, April 12. of disease or the heart, Espenchefd's §prlng Style toff Gentle- CATBAaTxsDamrT.anagrraof Ireland.stole jreears JOBW 1>.7M C a S A SOMA ae» Bxcawwar. mlr iganto far Cased Inasty entraenoaaeace with the Defmij, Mr danbars had tf yprtngfteki. rnxtaatly killing two men who were ridingtbe Urgent variety in the cityK ai,T,TO<*. No. 381 Canal lireeiatlenc the funeral at 29 Market street, at half past one COBBR BTTIfTOBg 1BVBMTSD MATLS, BRLABtlal WlNOfi o'clock en Sunday afternoon. joints anc a* diseases of toe feet sored, withouti pain atate tot) apoogy. tender fi ikes: Bten. if or Savor aa saaS V.been rsacnad by a mob at CoacorJ front too ottu>u of the £ Mtv M was then denied by that Seaafcw from iaforthe hadrtorlred Ihad thannoother tafor- by the correepoadaaca.Staaa bbat tame I have rewired the official retarn af aha offlteer w h o made the arrest,aad it IB my purpose on Monday, underthe tontrwoanae af the cTsamtttec, to pre*«at" the qoea -;e lower lakes, she being th<« ttrst ressel through the km to the Senate, wtth Mm dtopaaitwm the oommit.ee it ' ratto of Mackinac. She pawned thrmgh some tbirtvceptabte. It hen orcper, goad milk may tat _ Fruax—On Frilay. April 13. of bronchltit, HrriH locorvenwnee to the pattern by Dr. ZACHAKIS. fiarsea* WTRGB In either way. one of the most heettafel aadto hare no Inma to LiTerpool lb SBd.ham No kidnapper* have been sent into Yirgianv, nor Cotton sales of two days 7,000 bales. Market unchangedh, sad eeeondly. it to known that af TTrftoto has not been broeght to WiExchantte without alteration. Momxa, April 14,1880.Goods paefced and shtpped to all parts of toe araid Bo. 81 Maasao street. The relatives and fr.encs of the family are respectfully ptMM FBCOF SALOMIrON. UVBBFOOL,AT BELUCBD PRICBB. T3EMOVAI.Hyatt was aa 1 as an attempt to madeF BR BIS, Bootmaker,President, Itooaeatoa" to all thaiat MOODY'S Shin Kmperinm, BR Broadway.T h e M o a t D e s i r a b l e K e c k T i e s o f t h eageThe frteoos of the family, also the members of I.exing-hare haadeaSs beea pat spaa ex Goremor Wae. IonBaainvted to attend the funerai services, from the residenceMawfa*Stra-rmrrLAWS.tows came uptade.aad the pnrate calendarCotton firm: sales t o d a y 0C0 bales sales af MBS bates; reeaspta do. S0S0 bates. Starling 2rm at Iff a 83* per cent prssthtm.theTRBXIVf stock of Bion and Shoes for children sasb'en man « nftaatarsdsi|iiiMly for e«y trerfe, aad naraniarwhu want to proeurs (ood srtteles at low oriees should make their IBo, 913 Broadway.West Twentieth street, on Monday morning, at ten o'clock. Pittsburg papers please copyMCCAHK —On Friday, April 13. CATHSJOXX. wife ef Ter-rance McCabe, first daughter of Owen and Mary Don Botley.The friends and acquaintances, and thoee of ber brothers, John and Peter Donnelley, ara. requessed to at- tend the fnserai, from No. 107 avenue D. on Sunday after- noon, at one o'clock.McCaKtH-i—On Friday. April 13, at 3 o clock P. M., at No. II Summit street. South Brooklyn, Mrs. MASY MCFBICSS—} dtos geaaralry, mat aha baa isjdneed haof Darid Myerto wasY onrPars.— Havers'AprU13,l»S0.the to afromCjurnrr, wife of Jeremiah McCarthy, MO. 707.E s H t m o r r'aloe or exports for the week •"ecreasesine of imports for the woes ncruaseMfmrhtajta. FBIUaOCAFHIA STOCK BOA&DIlia rrieuC8 ana aoquaiotances, and thoee of h»» bro- thers, Jotin at,d Wiilissn, sre invited to attend his funeral, which win leave the ftsidence of his brothers, Clermont avenue, nesr F'usiitagas-euae, BrociSyn, Ibis (Saturday) artercooc.at two o etockem<.hati?.<al> by the roost dietingniahed meesbera of the rcedl eal protessioB to tbe above eosaptotota and is the only Ota to tsfc. K ri try wh'ch hs» the e»dorseoaen» ot the medioa} taenia Put up ir qnan acd pint Dories aad aold oy all druggtaa, gro- cer», trait stores sad country mareaaato. Look oat fnreoara- ter.tUaand toxiiaUoca The whole coontry at tlooded wiibKo». S31 and 22." r-iiitx street. M«w Task7 I W VaRTSTT OF fiSIKLSSS BABUTY WMGHTBaaV^ sixty ponors per buaoel. asm importedthy and c u « e r heed, Red Top aad Orahard Grass n 1 and other fertilrzers, tar sale at the agricultural andteedstoeaiA.F.MAIHSBACo,UYenOBTHTJSgDAY, AFMIX 11 SBOW (THB 8AMI ha_s Ibeen and is yet mamutaatarfaw ara fHaven; will opea for the basin af Isplendid stose at «C" Broadway.rtntxDBirmi, April 13 1800. (there of the committee hare die Stocks setive. PeonBylvanit State fives, '}<' EdadaogPEBBT'S JAFAMBSMBOOT AMD SBOBPABSORB hXTEBMIKaTOB WI'J.8UB»t.T all Ba's aad Cockroaches where used. A S oi certify to that fact.ROBERT BAIT A CO.,881 Broadway comer of Warren Oder ai wb .ieaale aad retail a vary large a meat ofOOT.P ARD 8TLVBB W S.TOHBB by all the eelebrated makers afat taMtag of aba comTantoe upon a subject ha can bare a a tolas—lisa, Wbat has saae by that committee will he divulged when the<oo<i,11*,: Pennsylvmnla Bailroad, 39: ,. Sight exchange m New York at pax.XKW Owits. April 18,1360. Cotton qniet tales to dav 4,£e« bales, at lO.'ic. a l i e 'or middling The *ak-« ot the week foot op 23 SCO biles, icd the receipt* 21 000 ba'ee against 20 000 bales fjrthe•ante period tost j ear Receipts at this port ahead of last -ear, 469X00 bates: do. at all Soothem parte. 700,000 -mies. Stock.389,(00 bales. Floor dnll,atU 40ago 7*UEO. M. TSA'Jlf, Agen'.. Moody's Perfect Fitting; Sbirt—6 for 88.county longford, Irolaad.Hit funerai wul tak* place from her late residence. No.37 Prince street this (Saturday) afternoon, at batf-past two t,'ciock precisely,KIRrB k PHILLIPS, Mo 182 Broadway.E?TABUBBSDwhichI will aay, therefora, Railroad. 31: Uorrs Canal. »!>»': Long Isiaad Rail87 and -9 WUham street, one door north of Maiden lane Mre. MARY GRirrrx. wile of Patrick Griiha, a native of the Lutes watted on a', their residecees.be(dam) of N. Y., aow that he key a httte better feeling m the market sales it 18c. ileave to intra i ace a aa Agr toShbnva. toScmn JAM*, from.Baatmore,t ate barber of Lewi on tae X tide ot the AHto Sonrien. Dal. on Monday night. 9th aad in lam than 3) with mils, rtggtng. spars.Ports.a the bestiMar «fc W i l s o n ' s Ontee 506 avaadwag. Haw York.S e w i n gB s c h i S M .of theAgrienl-ISrto.T h eK i n d I n t h e B o w e r y T h e a t r e . TO THX EDITOR OF THB HBKAI.D.ttremeet cf yonr meat raluahte Pflla 11 alter asisg wiieh T found myself ewttrwrt 1 «•--»• tut justice to yon aad those Oka 1be known. GtateT-.'lv vvira.Impart are «f the sfmaamchiniaaUa D e l e jorlty ef the audience 'Tie or two personal collisionsCwUtorwlmr*rr express that left Han Frsaoitw at fbor odock gr«d to the letter ot the bill. May I be allowed n addP o a y Express.8r. L o r » April 13,1880.Vaui TD —In ti-.o cMv, CE TV< in^s-ay, April 11, after a fbort illncrs, Mrs CKIAE^M: V«:u:u. a uativti of Dunse, Scotland.I M. felRGS* A OO.. Me.Sis us of the 3d mat, mashed $L Jassphs a that these "Bower? boys" have been preceeded against amenta after ftve o clock this aftoraaon, hot while aeaordtog to law, for disorderly conduct, an 1 that I shallScrofnla.—A few Bottles of Kennedy***Bvwsklya. w rksby mail, postejc paid (for any disuuit- in the United SARFCBD'S LTVSB IMVtfsO TOR ARDtvate ihapatchu sad press reports were bakag prs- tar traaamtoama the wWe broke down hetwaas tClrf and Leavenworth. It was than too late to tttostohl.hwtltwiH ha pat to worktog order the g Aa ergacised band of borae toawfared with the lino ail thenot admit them en the free Hat under any airenmatanrtes. JOHN B. ALLEN'.roroteets* Inqnests.MDCXB Daowxan—John Larklas, a native of Ireland,a h s n 3iiyears of age, i s faaad drowned a. rite foot of *iy itrett. North river, yesterday morning. Deceased has been mtonwg since Wedaaaday. sad when last seen4was tatnTtot^' Coroner Schtrmer held an inquest onthe body. Verdict "Death by drowning.A Can*SCALDSBTOD**m —JOTsmlah Marpby, a child,das at the New York Bcsutol yeaterday, from thaof amMf assanantaf receiyad by the anaetting of a pot ofnh'et around eash bottle, and a ludicl as apulicaao& of the Sail Sheom Otmmeat Scroll's Otonaei:: and Bealtog Otct meet, a ill sura every easeBarry's Trteopnernna la the beat avnd cheapest arttoto for dreasing. oaaatUytag, cleaasmx. caring, preserrtog and raattrtog toe hair. Ladtes Orj tt. Sold by all sriisxtoisSthlnferdwcker'aBonse, Milhasssaurg. too womb.ThompsoL street, on Bat'trcay aflernooc, at one r> clock.M e e k l y C o m m e r d a l m e n t .Q n a n o u v , April 13,1800. Floor quiet Provisions qntot aad mMshangad. Whis-LTHE HISTORY OF FBAMOM87NSW OBkBAMs, April lS-*Arr (by teli ship Mareriek,y i f m t water upon his uaiaos toqseat spaa the body.Coroner O'Keafe held anVL F B E DMTJKXOstA CO.TJCISATITLAM.DebUitv. LiverComoiamt. kisneya 8art Sbarsst^toatotoatCoa- sussnton. ate., sre most certainly cured by tote awveratgn pari-HYATT S LIFE BALSAM „ » erred as Alderman J ^ » L F . 18to^ward,JT T>tob^Bro*-ljrs. of Bbeumaaam. after he had bean under ssedwaJ treatmeat11.vain,and cnppiad_*pwjo|0sa*ms.HY A TTS LD?B B A X S A J t ^ _ ofacured Mr. E. B. HOLLY, dockanassr, 1 1 Madtoonsbwat^ lerrfe Cleer. after hebad been *** Broadway nontax!ateD*XAW.iBa-Bxnu CLASS, MO 1*7. Ann. 13, IBB). 42,19,12,37.Sa.AjC 33.6,M,sXB,Maaawaaa Ciam Ma 178. Aswm U,lBHt13, It, g, 34, 11, 40, 44, 17. 3T, 33, 31, 46, *Dalawara\ Sirs. Wlnalow's dona of bottles are nofar chihwoa toanbtog. wtthCnly Sla the United States Baltofhimar sasoruuei^ ef Mov a' Ctomtog is torasr than ever before »r'y != th -; -• • :• n We bava given that department the at- Ira it deseiTea sad invim iasaaetton with nnhmrted oenfi-3, ewCaaai/«.(> SBOMB A80> GAITEBF, A MEW STK W YORKHERALD,SATURDAY,LpxuL U, 18«.-TBIPI1 xwr-tytovstodto CctoofcBecBAXAB.—OnNo.lMlfaat Canagsc:efLMs atBuaroa, April IS, 1880.brothers, Tbeo F. and f a . Tone, are reapeetfulty re-quested to attend the funeral, without further invitation,irom the residence of her husband, Broadway, corner of AYOUNG LADT.SISSTESB TMAMS OS AGS. 18 DS-starons of Bndtog a auabead of sosne 1129th street, Menhsltonvfllc, on Sunday afternoon, at two sasne pispnlj who wi 1DawtaVs Sprlnat Style af Gentlemen's toteatify, aad yet that committee The master aad seven of the crew or the whaling bark Bate. Salesroom 299 Broadway, near Ouane ttraai.MARY EMTMMST PHYSCIAR8 BBOOafMSMB Farina .?raekers as one of toe most asaful • WI RGS wear pre pared, sstfttoatoriy tar todima frost of the baggage car. The engineer and firemanwere badly hartNo others were seriously injured.Chiropodw 760 Broadway. Baters to phji it thiscity.eateoourtshment*iscreoareo,b<ae*a he WliKGS of. not only for adults, but for tooae of aagoWlMGg Ask your grocer forWIUG'B ORaCKXRi?wiiSras Aad take noae but tkoae sUmped wvb the saawa^ ^ "A. W1M3"wisse There may be had of the beat family grocers gaaaaliy and at wholesale fnlv. tfWINGS A.f.THOMP3R*CO.L a k e N a v i g a t i o n . MiLWACKXC, April 18,1880. The propeller Prairie State arrived this morning from/ a&kle, ro-vt aid hard, skllfuUv treated by Dr. ZACHABAM "8D troadwa?.Monday ev-:ning last. i'so tor OKSSRAL DEBILITYWrIfe's Ecjfcdvm A -ocaiiu • cba>pps M recoxmended mostS t a t e - BaLTtnrsn;, April 13.18«0?or superfine. Whtokey 26c Tobacco Arm Coffee arm son just received St 566 Broadway.toa lodge, No. 310. F and 4. M are respectfully invited toMks or tha week 7.000 bags at 12#c. a 13c. Stock in soft tCOQO bags.agamst 83,000 tost year Freight*-Cot\Parts Boots and Shoes.—Just receivedo'clock, rrom 74 Prince street. Brooklyn.M.VXE —A' TUrlem, an Thursday, April 12, JOHN NIXLstemetegai Intortor DsawawStons,*>ot with aa improved demand. StTaxaua.AprilIS,1880.BTMAMMB S HABTTJI,ladtes' and ebfldren s elothug aad will torn famiUes, wtth smnpatani twarstora, atprtoaaGBOTKB k BAKKB'SMOIaSLBSB FAMILY 8BWIMG MACEIhTBB. the best B» use.OSRBT A,SaTAXsas, April 13, I860 Cantoa Bales of the last two days 2,080 bales. Themarkat doses unchanged.CHaaixaros, April 12,1800. S'c. aa tin week: sales to day 1,200 of the weak 12,C«0 bales, receipts do. 8,800Bazsiteonx, April 18,188a.basyaat: oheice white, 81 80; rod, 81 IS a 81 80. Cora Arm white, Tte. a T8c, yellow, 73c. a 74cHeady: sasas park, 118; prima, 815, bulk, 814,10c Whtokeyquiet,at ttj^c a fijncPmXADBxrnu, April 18,1860. Flour quiet Wheat firm: sales, 2,000 bushels red, at 81 SO; white at 83 68. Provtotoaa quiet. Whiakey dull,at 21c a 22J*cirvsMiraculous Vermin Destroyer Write awry bestarhete extant\ tor the pissertsllna of furs and woollen goods Cross moth* and rermm of aD ktaes. So bouse shoufd be wtthou*. it. Sold at theprtoatoalaapot. 811 Broadway, sad by all drugxtsts eve-rywhere. Prtee » cents to 81-Phrrnologlcal Exsmiaatiom, Showing tan Islwito ijrfsata and htat nmm»stton ntran daily at FOW- LS* * WILIS, MB Broadway.Billiard*.—Playing and Salesrooms.IS) Fulton street, aad Bo. 8 Ann street Fifteen Table*. Lon*4 Birsra, wire of Jacob Mussina, of New Orleans.$!8i},l80 &3.UCS 1A4.9S0 57,8S7fiit«!iia— A'. Moogrinvry. Orangw county, N Y . , on them. Thursoav March 22, Mr WILLIAM GRAHAM, aged about 66>ia 1 bim 'A s t a rHCST A DTJSMMBtTBT, Bate.Jato.Maw ae . cleared by contractrow aad 481 B u s Jway, s ofHamti*Ca.'aof tMBtoa tor gentlemen'sSelling AirW«. KAWTA Batter 3i7 i anal corner Wooster streetS4 Hat*liam s r i r e fanhioun ftneff and best qraaHty. thre* dol'srsCourt and Bessasa streets, Brooklyn. 85,000 sbaltosge; near- «.; angles en am.Gam. B. Slant iv Co.'a Celebrated Elliptic Loakatkch and BhnSns Bawtog Maassna.a. H. COJJLIMB, 480 Broadwny/f Sin nor's Bewina atsvetormaa.AM BMTTRB KMW STVLS,to its .ef erary kmdof work. ItThe relatives and friends or the family are' respectfully Invited to attend the funeral, without further notice, tha (Saturday) aiternoon. at two o'clock, from No. 266 Fourth avenue.Mru.iG.iN.—On TUaralay, April 12, PITXICK MCLLHUX, aged 2& years.Door Mata Ttnwara.FtteeonlrSllOL M. BlBOXat A CO., 488 Broadway, Maw Tork.Dr. Harsh Camttmmes to Apply tola Radl- aai Care Trum wiU tnosaea ta effsouaj permsnent eures mbe used on the arte symptoms of disease ui toe aystem A few moineEto suffice to destroy a aapltog while Brno and labor arc required to demolish an oak.RHEUMAlIdM. SSrBALGIA, A>H GOUT.mo TAILORS A^£^£ S^in S, «2, U , T , I EMBBowhwitoshteaCcMABaH 1 CO-, Mb 2 Tassy at, V T. BsUaway'i Pills and Ointment Shan IdmigcEiiXsKous^hi their worst stsget: also Perofuto, EJag's .Evfl.•Mr" C'cers *tt<l 'be worst asses of dfceesee of the blood great too of tailors aadhernto er rapturaNorton's Itlntment—For •aaltrhemn totod Btrofote. Perniaaectiy eores teaar amlufhasd, rinarwormaaad ail liektos sad barttog smpaaaa of tha skto. This Ototaeat Beneaatas«othebansor'k«awa*a8. goes t> its very source- ind cores it frrrn the tiesh beneath to the «kto onttwsurtoaa.tut* 'o re.»i 1( '-dAlTBtT WT-TKOW A 00 ,«t Brra'way.betwaea Canal sad. Grand streets.AN ELEUAbT PMJRSONAI. BSQlTXSTrM.LLXCH1AXT AMD SILKY H A l BThere is nothing that adds to the appearsnee of ladies gen- Uemen or children aamuch as a fine bead of hats. XTno orecaration for yoang or old that will sempare withMBS. B. A. AUMlt'll WORLD'S HAJM^KMaMlKG, OM ZTXOBTJLSA KTTJM." " P B I I CIPALTSBPOrSBMmAETrtST N Y. Foldby.Haysa 176 Fulton swawr*Btoeltljn, at7Bsaxes1f4 50way, Freerh '-.•:'.IT. I t «Davis a» cold m large'! glsas bmtea Prtoa SO centa 6RSR1T BuB- TxSrVramltoamDepct at PoafoM, Parker A Mower a, No. ISC e s s a s — — HB t i c c x x » * . . — — A A t t MN a a mw t t o o w w n n , , L L . . I , o n W e o n e f i d a y ,Wm H lk>wmyAa prirf iili 11, Ba#JJP ^aaa^"V ^a»awfw • v-r **-** *—•- - »*^ •- —- —-^n»sr y FX~—a"•"D• —an•-i—c-—K•A—Ceasa, e f n a a h h - g , L L , to Kxvs C , daughter of Jackson Hicka EM., of Newtown. L I.Tim»m~WcCoyymxi.—On Thnraday. April It, by the Bev John Service, Mr JOBS W. FSSSCH, do Mas Jaxn L. MnConssix, bcthof tatoctty. _ .. , . , . _tvowtTaw-WKMH- ^ S ^ ^ ^ S T i ^ i wfor cleansteg, baaapyteg. ptanss'liai aads i l k y a n d j t o s s y , J a w s v a r h a r s h s a d d r y , geurT and Daadnrn* Friee, tone -otttes. 3 7 ^it soft.New \crk 't e e n favored-Rafawrtogto anre to totorsr a u e t o s m p p r yby tha Baw. Samuel D. Barvhard, D. !>., Bar. Iiasnr W 1hatr aad ass to produces the10 the human aarr.FcrsaleatMraa A. ALLMK'8 B T.aada-anUntitled DocumentKx^ivca. of Btohboro, hdttout^,>>****L' * m i . a. srsarr, youngest dnvghter of Amherst Wight, of\f»BT VtVnCNOTOU^1ABIIW-» Fair Haven, Conn., on Toaaday,S n r n S l i f thTB«.Wsv. E T.bbert, at the reaiden-* * n £ h r l 3 s tatier, Eosauo Kicaou, to Mas SAIUHB.fairsbst-<^osss-.Os Wadsssdsy. dpnl 11, hyFtt v Thomas At milage Mr BsWJAMis T. InwaBB, tt* MsasSiiBv A.,daxfhtero<S3 -Oeat'iDreasUEMBT.SOUof PatrickandSarahFulian.aged2year*and 0 months.The relatives tnd frtetv's of the family are respectfully CiLUB FOCT ATI) OTEEB nFJt)BMTfTKS OFCare,W a l lSnieieasswn,two o'clock Tram -Jtshv<* residence, No. 121 West Broad- i.i AM'rCAW Pbriegraobi are trcomparasty aoovs ail onupe warrtprime Ov»vroats from 06 to 91.V— \ wi'e ol Philip H i.rogac, m the 27tn year of her age.fui ;hw supply recerred at S66 Broadway.MOODT'S ohirt Maanfastory Kl Broadway.Per Persia.—Sew Style* London Ties, ness,JJ.\T,wifeof P.HanaltuE.inthe 48th yearof herSIXTY YBAB8from tae matt celebrated makers, bySTCOMBBMclxi D, cnly §on af Christopher and K. Louisa Mag-^s, of Pittsburg, P aCoatwr. Ban., all ot this oft? • 1—Cto Twepday, Apr ' 1°, at thWASHTHG AF- MAcaiiacwsaww.Rev Wm B. Downs, Howanf, K. T., saysT-Mrs R A. Al- len s World's Hair Dressing has no superior. It cteaassstbsOfThe relauvee andtovhwd to attend her funeral from MM Rev. churdirrwentTftim street near8fxttavenoe).thM (Sat- mrday) afternoon, at two o clock, wttboat further invitation,to ssaaaw ^t t ^aS aaton faSI masa a^ssa^a ^^^^j2,»will be token to Greenwood forfw. Mosus,infant aonaf Dr."JohnAK3di aat W M lahMsxjrath1 .1131Broadway. /.B.Fraax179Otaavid Co.. Broad JaamwCaadto MSiStoaivmme. A.MMa. CI8thavenue.WdB-Frat-Omnajk—OB Friday, April 13, of consumption, J<—M. Crrrrxr., In the 288h year of his age. 5*'HParker. Fulton ai _ Jaystreei (Brooklys.DlrtS. ^VssWbairrj' CO., f i T t- without rurtber invitation. The remains will be in- between Fifthla1adfhdhwFnrstureofmoraddr.LYON'S MAowrrTr^TLLir, ^tarred in Calvary Cemetery.iKmx.—On Friday morning, April IS, CxmASrxs A.,wife of James Doyle, aged 87 years.The mends aad acquaintances of the family, and of herwShtta'cvitfd to s«»>n the fBuera . thw (aaturday) afternoon atyea;a.(rsnnjy— (m ThursJav eveniug, April 12, Jtrxu A.,D PYTlFTT'l? IHFAI.LIBLB LIFI«BSTla tab graa*. external remedy of the sgeD1R SINKXS IMTAOVXD 8LLF ADJUSTTKa TBU88- a new article peculiarly adapted to every variety ofBttirts M a d e »o O r d e r nmd W a r r a n t e d son avenuo, Efookiyn nf rupture, unequalled. Any purchaser may wear tt one week and then return it, if sot perfectly satisfied, and ret back '•> fit Alan ready made, new styles of peck Tiee^W eenla at fiRirn.v—Su<'deniy,ic Brooklyn, on Thursday, April 12, hW monev. Dr. Kinne attends personally to the application ofTh* r»-l»irei* ant! frtecis ot the family, are reqaeated tojsaxisoa aih-od ib.- ruatral, nu SanUay afternoon, at one o'clock,aad FBBNCB MMOMXM8 to toe etty for at Mrwrsa.—In this city, on Thursday. April 12, Mrs. * ^ STBFBCMPHILBTlt,TS7BROADWAY-SliverFtotedWare, Brwaawto SMtol Ware.Iron Hal Backs and Chairs.Fire Irora. Fendera. Woodenware in everv variety forWLNDLB a OQ.. as Goods dollv ered free ofThe ream)rs will he taken '."> Greenwood, on *?anday af- (ernoon.attwocc'.ock Tt•.''•.en3ofibe?i33i!yarere•jnested to att»nd aithoul fjr;her notice, at 563 Ureen- Greene.aicli street. •VMRDK>>rRi:,n—OsFridaymo-ning Aprl13,MAXuAsirt, wile 0' Ilibatt \ redecburgfc. in tte 44tii year oT her »ge.The fr>erj is of the faii ;y a-e -espo-.tf'jlly invited to attir ' the luaera! thig / Saturday) atternooo. at oal'- past iwn c'clr-eU. ftoro her late residenot NTo 151 ^ e s t Tbir»' eighth wrf>>t-VRXKUVD —At ISr-Ihsin, W.xttheater. Sew York, au Widoesosy, April 11. s!te» a short but severe iluess, WIIUAX MSAIX ws, yei.rgt- sun of Knoch an.: An,. Mam Vie. aad. aped 2 years. 10 nicntbs and 3 f"*vsThe re stives and mends of Uie.famiiv are resoect- 1IL OLDLSAVESo'circk. witbc-i' fuipur Javitat'or. n'i(}(!^ st teu edccatJor F.irJtirxiStages leave Harlem0«r stock of Men's Spring Ctotfeteg, cow ready, is vety large »uddeslraMe. comrrhhic a sreat vaiietv seleeMd was great fare from the siouaasr the argeat and heat nnporters Oar rprtns Dver <i» n>er.to. I'usnaat Ooato, Vssto and Pacta ara -nCLRARBD AMD; Syrnp—ni'- i> .i;e*iandn « -.pr cvedatjleorshapeandmake.« G C. ALLEi»lf.41|] 11Mail1uae. Care, er u aad tohrics adapted to all ages, from tores months. and then thought to oe iiieuraoje. , _$ 3Mm 10*•**Aanaarasx.Call aad.AOOHMTSBIONEB OF DBM7J6 OP ALL THB STATBB, LawyerJiosary Pubacand U. 8. PAASPOBT AQBKT- BuWABD BIBSKLL, 171 Broadway, earner ef1 O f lM|isBBwf * ^ " " iarffVaQaffsTV Isold by allwhere saa be found a from tur !a'e rbeltieoce, corner ot Nassau street and Hud- -uptur-. and for cleacl'ness and contort, as well as retention tcaaotertry made enirassly torB* an TDK.—On Thsjrsday, April 12 after a lingering Ill-MBaTKS' CABTKIY FUBKITTrRB WAMXBOOMa, 133sadSBFourthsyeat, northwestcornerofhVoadwa*.JUPBBB P ARLOB LIBRA BY, DTBTlfa and BaM>BO08 f URBIYTJBC, ta styles of every descriptS e a -JESNIVOa attend the funeral, this (Saturday) afternoon, at two f rem toe plate and subsPeat Owering; For the Tonng. —Can. of bis grandfather, Bev Dr John N McLeod, No 87436 Broadway, Maw Tork.The relatives and friends of thefamily areinvited to GAS FIXTTJ1 AND FTTTllfO.A rxx,offwr-gteaaatBiAMILYV SIMFwON.aSBBroadway, raspeetfullv tofomae lBaTwTMO AT BSDUCBDI t KTMBAI-L, WH1TTBMUBE A CO. Have removed from No 874 toSO. 878 BROADWAY,oupoatte the Mewoaolttaa Eotel where they have far aanmeet complete assortmetit ta toe city ofLOOELRO GLABSBS, rOBRIi 'BE, POBTBAXT AMDBetween Waahtogtea ntoae aad FourthHARPBB A BMOTHBR8,3:? to 336 Pearl street. FraakJm square PuhnshthtodayTableOuttory, Tea Trays,FKOM HOOHRHOLD133BO. Maalm. Si.Ixcdou is the volume wbich Mr Wi'is has perused must avtrctively ard wheacr te hasdravn hto tasT-iration. Aunoai cert (Tte cf these sketebes to from that scire*: and ot >n * hec some quaint snC inystervrna title leads ns into the suo poai'ion that we «r»> to betaken down tnU> the couatrv.ttto still th« greet metropolis that supplies tie theme of Mr. Wills'pleaaant gosaivThe Haskof Rngland supplies Mr. WF.ls w*th snbjeeta forthree ver» amnstng »ssav« eoatainirs a great deal of Infor- matioc very well tolc: the Post Ottiee forniahea two more,the V- lice Station, the Railway Depot for lost property, the lirystal P»isee a Glass Factory, a Pawnbroker's Stop the Opening of Parliament, the Custom House, Rpsam Race Cou-sa. all errae in for th«ir share or treatment—a treatment watch is K1 ways lit. always graphic, sad never fails through nretea- <i..ub efforts to get arxrte the subject.>»ATHRRE1>b» W HXKBT WILLS.WORDS.1 Tspepsta. toes lies dacha a a long and painful Uku.E£, WIUJAM F. WILXKBULNU, iu the HOLMES' CARD PHOTOGRAPHS—TWENTY FOCB alt drxiggtots Prtosteal odVaWiinxKEiNG.—Ot WeAinefday morning. April 11, afterto it*61st vear of his age.Thertrrjera!aervicsswill ake place a' Grace church,this (Saturday> aftetcoon, at two oclock The friends of the amity are irrftted without further loOceWHITS.—On Fridsx afernoan, April 13. AxBXAXnxR •WnrrE inTast fie orWilHam and Cathertne White.The frien to an<i reaatives of rf»e family are respect fullyinvited to attend the funeral thie <Saturday) afternoon,at two o'clock, frost the residence of bis parents, 41 Oli- wYATT'F LFFBBAI8AM ver street.ALMS TO-TBK <T»AaPAoara. CMTTH'B FRBMJTJM **— •L— - -~--Br^irTRtoSa. wfeiea wU he asade t» A full stock 01 rresbaacda. wka* wtJtor 81—are used to send upon totters out West to access- modem Postmasters who can't road. Taken at SIS Broadway..183 Fulton street, BrooKraYTECEEBS' FABIRA JELLY, A DBXTOIOOBl l and the best sc hasaato for sanaal food, enrtohes toe ta-bes oftke astor Hoese. sad aU toe nrtoetoal antenna.r eekers FariaaBoiters to prevenWourntng or seorohinv Jelly OPRIWii OVRBSArKW FBWSt STM TO 1^' .ta SX> c^ataftom S&toSiX btoat braetoafewSIbottle,I A M T LsTVTTT, 18. ar< SI 8__nortoa London, bav1 to it^t^'tat^'^''of theA M. T . LMYYTT. Rta M Mtonrnto,j. Wjamslrgr^awajansajBananas to Mr. J.*• n m ana asasBalL rtoan * Oa. isfr&saaanVsV>«• »aw'as, sf gas aaViratby post 5JWET.UNGoLawton mssxiiiry Ptoote, 1' aw every vartotr of aSsfa. K"* or esas_. ftji sate byaCriminntti srsssis JOHW BVTMOaMTUBS FRAMES, Ac . As. In Style, Quality saa Pries cwr Qooto areRBtTBABB BOOTS.—ASF ABAGfl BOOTS sad top Onion sen, for sale by A. F. MA44 Yesey street, near Greenwich streetRRTAIL TRADE.HOUSSKBBPIRG HABDW ABB. The snbeerfbers offer at low nrtees during tha Disking sad realsntohtog, at tow prtoaw—• ' » ^ ^ BARWBB A rABaC.."*-.!* PattoWTROS wamMWHiGSHton with the jtosas of ike- annascb. tt to be'.*Crackers prove... *»• ^^..•**°° o* ton food, and Ss ready asa» "*•wiifojWIROfr WlSO'e CBAC7S3R8 is o'd uni&SMtyIn a state ef great dablBty, er whan wKeh doea act reiaire. ondraa.O Reasea and Bmer. on draaaba only at MXa-POM-aale vaulto, Broaaway, earner ti. Cedar street.83 S5 n usual praaa Grs^ajjstostodavderatthsCLABni»wl0to..ATOBR8 Epatte^ent. rraarorrvnwrwLBTg othe saat ssaanar. by Ma• * '•a«•« aa s •309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069riSMwawi of She-bride's anorfce-, W«^ rv-e, T„ 1 , by Ht» rPRex. Tn©aaasMaltohf,CHAXis>H WATKXSS.Jr.. c B^i A t o r ^ t v ° S c % ^ ^ K ! Btntaaiyi., to LtfO F- 8nasaos««a, ** fett %i.So. tw Braadway. seesnd floor, saaThiomasM. Twww.fultonhistory.comrynisk 