 mj«t ja-fi. < OQTwatioa•Nbrah tea _havepre-^<*»**tob«» out,fortbeuidergtoo^ pf tJan» host i^.-saca our-th&t soundw*ab ished who have• fortameto •>rv*u ia the decline,,oatnecessities* • »£'* been my i»-u formed?- deetasd >rt period o f a tvcqaaint- » Lui so dee >—one that c* «on3pjca- *? hwibrce- *rh»orward: My o f par- <ny time, i f 7stationor -haemight -t -uind and o be pat a t ibhc alBrfrs.candidate.e m ay not y. Heaven ued asthe •a* t o M >„. ?l*-m.irked 05 read i aic hgnt of jBty, Firm-ftd remenjp- and fasb-~i.J * >2£ O f r you. oar ve him em- if?- of this * of trial,hetrusting *f too peo- Bfit*d frora i.: ancientbjectioxr to !» ft* aggtee, •gUiliJOg o f a fomoaoa ilow can the Presi- ed by men have ever> workiog- heiaaelvae >r:. Ful toao im school- e e r a t t h * aaa ! >f yKftag split for oflice. tvsosteerevidenceI '.:...xe n oo*« whosjea sobeginkatvetwereaaed,wveralmenwerewoanded,andfor afew momentathereseemed a prospect ofa serioas tamraH. The Wide-Awak^«. however, rallied, and drove Irom the field their aeeailante.,' A hugfcEepnblicanmeetiagwasheldatthevillage ofRjchmond,Weehington County, Iowa,oa Taara- day the 23rd i1**- Al ^eaat three thonsand people Were preeent. In th-vafternoon they were addressed by Wa.P*aaClarke andL.D.Ingersoll,of Iowa C l r y . MM* H o n . B a m L E n w e l l , o f C r a w f o r d s v f l l e . A t nightfafi, the Waahingtoa, Brighton, (^rawfordsville, and Iowa City Wide-Awakes paraded awhile, after -which speechee were made by Gov. Kiikwood and Dr. Stone- Between the speeches, songs were admirably snag b y tbe Washington a n d Brightoa Glee Clubs. Tbe greateet enthasiasnj prevailed.—A gealkmaa with Soathera feeKngs, who recently baveled by steamer from this city to Savannah, writes to a ftiead in this city the following incident o f t h e voyage: " O n the Augusta an election wastakea,W^bica showed Breckiaridge 36, Douglas 12, Bell 12,aad (mvrabiU dictu!) Lincoln 4f? The excitementcenseuuent thereon was considerable, and two of the grown Democrat, and to communicate the same to allTWE PRODUCTIONS OF'tOWAtSfi£ U8«vV We commend the-fbllowing letter to-the particularIr .tttOC- - faniton..E P.B..Erie,Pa Cash$1:do.,$.1;W.L. B., $ 1 . .••'-—• •* -»€?'• * s tb*»by Geo. ••«• xea> or* ifeariy«* *h<?ir 'o*-rreet, • meetingaddedxo> Ciii>ad-piase.-•>cheld eoxnerof« r paas- H- adver- ji- gave pve pab-;i nnmber &4dedt>6 montii. . # of the« Ward,:ea hdaJ; fee'i volon-J G. B . id Caxa-ieoft*kO »»*»,con- e detig->k-rai*-rxnedat diet.aBe- gh, Jb- i atade it a c - e a for-Preai- if u i e m3COjJ.S.Sawen.10 M*7<*ioa 8,37390//IWGIIAHAX.ANOTHER CONVICTION B Y TWO JUSTICES A T SPECIAL SESSIONS.In re Habeas Corpus o f John Stanley.Petitioner w a s convicted in th e Court o f Special Sessions on his own plea of " guilty." H e .applies to be dis- charged now on the ground that but two Justices were presenton his conviction, and that such conviction w a s consequently illegal,agreeablytotheopinioncfJusticeSutherland,rendered afewdayssince. TheCourttookthe pipers andreservedits decision.•« »man's trunk store. No. 421 6th Avenue, and while the proprietors* pnbiicaj party for more than an hour, the speaker re- • mentaweek. We all know tils';, who know anything pungent; the one on State railroad matters being par- and in that vicinity, was entirely satisfactory; and I chased it. Prior to bis departure, Martin will partake backs wore turned, seized $60 in cash and fled. He *ras sew.t»IC i v i c R E C E P T I O N O F T H E P R I N C E O K W A L E S . —anceB in tbut country. They bring Utter* from'American mis- Chief-Engineer Decker and a Committee of the Fire A. H . Porter, Niagara Samuel WUlets.—The citizens of Grundy County, Mo., invited1 Mr. F . P . B l a i r , j r . , t o a d d r e s s t h e m o n t h e p o l i t i c a l q u e s - tionsoftheday. Herepliedwiththefollowingletter:ceive fifteen per cent in remuneration ofhis labors and a d v a n c e o f m o n e y t o m e e t e x p e n s e s i n g e t t i n g h e r e , andthat Mr.Abcarius wasalso to havea sharein consideration of his services.My official position bringsmeinto contact with many adventurersfromtheLevant. Ihavepersonalknow- The census is completed, showing St. Paul to have ledge of caees which justify the warnings sent tous a population of 10,600, and the county of Ramsey from time to time. I am quite surethat no injustice orobnoxious individuals—brotbero who had gone t o Ma- contodobuaiaess—were"spotted/ Itwasconsidered a care worthy of attention,and had it been so that they could not have got out of the city at once, that night, it ia very doubtful whether they would have been al- lowed to go further than Savannah. As it is, they vriC be looked after. Theother twoarenotknown,so thatitrestsnpoaevery communityinourStatetocon- sider the question, 'Have w e a Lincomite among ua?'"—It i s said that the Hon. George 3C Dallas, United States Minister to the Court of St. James in a recent fetter to a gentleman in this city, has declared himself to be in favor o f the election o f Douglas and Johnson.—The Quidnunc, the twb-&ced paper published a t Oread Junction, Tean., has at last rid itself of its. Breckiaridge editor, and now gives both sides of its sot powerful sheet to Douglas.whom it may concern in Arkansas, Iha^ethehonortobe,.&c, "VV.G.BROWNLOW.a—The^LouisvilleJournalhasthefollowing,inrefe-rence to the charge that Mr. Breckinridge is a slaveowner:" W e have received a great many letters from theSouth requesting us to state whether John C. Breckin- ridge, who w e believe is a man of wealth, does or doesmoisten the earth. Much of the wheat was-above the Tholen's horse flew the track and manifested signsof LICAN ST A TE CONVENTION—CENSCS A T S T . surface by that time, and at least half had germinated weariness. H e w a s sponged and revived by the ussgives a glowing account o f a Republican meeting held Canal Commissioner, h e said that Gen. B . F . Bruceh • -.I and •t--pabficaa •spareshisKfe,willvoteforAbraham.LincolninNo-Sfarwereat u tue moat»veny wmaided i i>sward, !*r-! aad ir causes. »r;citiaea *•'vhoicetahwn.I niugs,•!Bt*SH rney h - career &flg atilL-- .-ucjesa,• 'he fruit WciTenag^saenior Otc« - o a - y youngSJ* free— tbe/in- , ia a fairnan in ::.e tiwftv how There-La •wmsKbi&g >bhheart, «>l©ex-? t.0?. fhid trial wha tr-^<-aiioa w*jrs who"iasnesovern—Lsunmond ri*oeat''raanual: s.avfts.''all t h e *ii*:ore- al v> takesenHaS '-•''ivotioa prood- r- irdcali Kamiin g «t their M>» s t r e e t ,ended. cWfire dutefoi-:t.ai>caaa, c*»ily » •faith of the fathers. Thenameof thi*oldpatriotisAnwjiabGoodwin. HeresidesinAlfred. Thefirealiehed in very handsome style by the great house of CottainStuttgart,andistobehadforaquarterofits appearance in'a closely-printed volume of 174 pages. Thebookcontainsatruthfulaccountofthegeography, theagricuitnre,thecommerce,andthemanufacturesof our new State, as well as our projected railroad sys- tem, a valuable chapter on the climatology of Minne-Totalvalueofcattleandhogssoldin1856 TotalvalueofcattleandhogBsoldiu1858$6,050,789 5,061,612burnbrightlyhere. OldYorkwilldoherwholeduty."—The New-Orleans Courier says that the BeU- dollar of the German booksellers in this country.The severity of the Winter of 1857 caused a seriousloss of cattle and hogs, but the increase has been suchsince as to be a matter of especial remark, from thenumber Bent to the New-York market. It would hotbeoutoftbeway,therefore, toclaimanincomefor' theyear1860,fromcattleandhogs,evenafter,deduct- Motiondenied,withoutcoststoeitherparty.Bverett men and Douglas men of Louisiana are about to form a combination by which they will " run their machine"incommon.—At St. Charles, Mo., on the 25th, a lively Repub- lican meeting w a s held. Addresses were made b y—The Albany Wide-Awakes have the reputation ofBefore Justice ScTHHKLA;r». DECISIONS.Heesrs. Blair and Gardenhire. crowded.The Court House wasCaptain1st Lieutenant. .G. C. Davidson2d Lieutenant.. .Joseph Fellows......James E. Noble.—Mr.SASFORDE.CHI-RCH (ex-Barnburner,ex-Comptroller o f o a r State Finances) recently made aDouglas speech at Pahnyra, Wayne Co., which did not 2d Sergeant..... •William Adama. I*. McClaskey.Makingatotal,hithesetwoitemsalone,of....$14,200,000 This sum will go a great way toward liquidating our debts at home and abroad.; but if our farmers had ex- pended their means morejudiciously, and devoted theirM. Shuster, jr., sgt. Franz E . Lanter.—Motion to pasiajrei $204,046. Deducting overdraft, $11,653 1% •vacate order of arrestand discharge attachment denied, with $ 1 0costs to plaintiff. $192,392 84. Disbursements, $180,972 77. BalanceRussellDart,jr.,etaLagt.GeorpeW.Arms.—Mo- inbank,$11,42017. tiontovacateorderofarrestdenied,with$7coststoplaintiff. ThecoursepursuedbyDr.Jerometowardtheboard,—The telegraphic reporter of the Associated Press, in his report of the Republican State Convention, made an inadvertent error which might as well be cor-sickle, and the reaper is now heard throughoutthecountry, Mousing even the dreamer and the sluggardto activity, and driving the bankrupt and the speculatorKENNETI G. WHITE, Clerk.away frotn imaginative towns and cities into the golden Advtrtixer, rected. In reporting ,the ballots for a candidate for fields now ready for the harvest.UNITEDPISCHARGED.James Church, second mat£ of ship Carolua Magnus,who was charged with cruel and unmual punishment by several of the crew. wa8*dischareed, it appearingthat the crew had been fighting, and were punished, as the Commissionersaid, perhaps cruelly, but not unnecessarily.Never did a people more need a rich harvest, and " T h e speech w a s most enthusiastically received. the 47 votes were given to Gen. Bruce, and the 9 were rit nee to value its happy results. Everywhere has theGross yield, a s per CensuH Returns.31,1(53,362—buahels.The number present being larger than could be accom- modatedwithindoors,the speaking•was inthe open air. Upon the platform sat a venerable man of ninety- eight years, who fonght in olden times for those 'inali- enable rights' for which w e are now contending, who voted for'George Washington in 1788, and has votedat every Presidential eLetion since, andwho,ifGodfor Mr. Geddes. Gen. Bruce was the favorite o f a con siderable body ofdelegates,.while Mr.Geddeawas unexpectedly nominated at the very moment the bal- loting commenced..growth of the small grains been luxuriant; and the State ofMinnesota,tii*presentFallwillhaveasurplusoffour millions o f bushels o f wheat, alone to export, and an aggregate in value of $5,000,000 of grain ready for the market, with which to pay off old debts and delinquent taxes, open new farms, and enlarge and beautify those-Year.1 8 5 6 : 1858: 1859: 1860:No. of Acres.737,213986,0961,109,358 esiimate 44,374,320 1,248,027 d o 56,161,215—Mr.J.C.H.GitGerman hasmadeafreeandcon- farmsalreadyundercultivation. 'sources o f our State-for th e year 1860,1 following from, our State census returnssubjointhedensed version in the German language of Helper's vembernext.Hettiinkskchasnotdeparted,fromthe"ImpendingCrisisoftheSouth."Ithasbeenpub-missionerofStatistics,andhisreporthasrecentlymadeValue of cattle seld in 1856 Value of cattle sold in 1858 Value o f hogs sold in 1856., Value of hogs sold in 1858$2,923,258 2,950,187 3,127,531 2,111.425NEW-YORK DAILY TRDJIFNE, THURSDAY, AUStfST 3% I860.RACTB.We mentioned some weeks a@o, that-a raoe-had.beenjointheDemocracy! •poee of perfecting their organization* and mation: anles. Thestakesbetween thosegentlemenwerethe fortherecoveryoftheamounts isked byeachCom- I join the, Democracy I—Jordan Clark, you know stowing to the country that the Republican party is To the Editor of The ST. Y. Tribune. * v horsep, but- outtriders'backed their opinions-with a betinFrance! No,Jordan Clark, youm»yhope,you theelectionofMr.Lincolnbythepeople, andthrowmay congratulate, youmayreason,you maynaeer, itintotheHouseofRepresentatives, tobe scrambledbut that cannot be. The thrones of tbe Old World, or bargained for among th>*mst>lves. The Repoblicanathe Courts of the Universe, the Governments of the of Miwiouri can have no interest in voting with eitherworld, may all fall and crumble into ruia, the N e w of these factions, but on thu contrary, they are called attention of farmers and all dealers in farm produce. agreed upon by Meesrs. William Tholen .and Jep. Rice,Worldmaycomnritthenationalsuicideofdissolving upon by the highest Mnse'of duty..to Thewriterisagentlemanofmtefllgenoe,whosepo- ofthiscity,betweenhorsesownedbyeach,toberun tbeNew-YorkMutual;Anchor;andGreatWestern thisUnion,butallthis,andmore,mustoccur beforel vote for their own candidate, .for the pur- sitieagiveshimrareopportunities-of obtaining infor- from yaere to Lawrence, a distance of thirty-two -InsuranceCompanies. Application havingbeenmad*not what you say. When I join the Democracy, the not a sectional party." The Pro-Slavery partiesof theSIR: I have just returned from an agricultural trip of $20(R... It was afterward agreed to test the relative pany, their representatives appeared before Justie*Pope of Rome will join the Methodist Church—when J o r d a n C l a r k o f A r k a n s a s i s f P r e s i d e n t o f t h e Republic o f Great Britain b y universal suffrage o f aSouth have first suppreseed the freedom of speech and tbepressattheSouthbyviolenceandforce, andthen procliumed that the Republican party was a sectionalthroughthenorth-easterncounties-ofthisState,which e n a b l e s m e t o g i v e a p r e t t y a c c u r a t e e s t i m a t e o f t h e yield o f wheat and corn in that section o f Iowa. Fionabottom o f the horses upon the St. Joseph race track, in a r a c e o f t h i r t y - t w o m i l e s .It w a s Tmderstood that the race would take placeConnolly aad made affidavit that, according to their b e l i e f , f r a u d h a d b e e n u s e d m o b t a i n i n g s a i d p o f i c i « U They charge tbat the persons interested in tbe Kinsman.contented people—when Queen Victoria consents to be party, and had its existence in that region. In Mis-souri. We have vindicated and reasserted this inestim- able Tight of the freedom of speech (a right quite as valuable and as sacred as that of property in slaves),a partial examination and inquiry in regard to the yield next week, but by mutual agreement the-parties met had forged the names of respectable merchants to bflb m the middle, soathern, and western portions, I think yesterdhy .and decided the contest. St. Joseph was- indivorced from Prince Aloert, b y a county court inKansas—when Congress obligee, by law, JamesBu-chanan to marry a European Princess^—when the Popeleases the Capitol at Washington for his city residence and we have thus set an example to our- SouthernIamenabledtoformaprettycorrect estimate ofthe KLt;bubhub.attheprospectofwitnessingoneofthe ofladingandother papers, whereby thernsut*oe# , averageyield there, also. Owing to more frequent SSs^Si8*66 03Brecord; and W tefrre thehourar- companieswere ledto believe that thecargoofth» and copious showerB, as well as the better adaptation 235JJS?. ^ ^ ^ s longed with several thousand Kinsman was-much more valuable thf k really wanyof the soilfor wheat, the average yield in the north- S S S ^ L ^ l S 8 ^ m a 8mart spnnklingof Leaveu-brethren, which .they must soon imitate, o r b e pre-pared to surrender all the rights which belong to when good men cease to go to heaven or. bad m en to freemen, to those who have already despoiled them of—when Alexander o f Russia and Napoleon o f Franceandtbatsobelieving, the compauios hadiustured itto^are elected Senators in Congress from New-Mearico—east is fully equal to twenty bushels to the acre.. But in the middle, western, and southern counties, it i s note r f\hell—when this world i s turned up-side down:—when the freedom o f speech. "proof is afforded, both clear and unquestionable, that * •'1 am, yonrs futhfnlly,th*re is no God—when men turn to ants, and ants to St. Louu, Aug. 25, I860. . elephants,. I will change my political faith, a n d comeout on the side, o f Democracy ! FROM'MINNESOTA.you to fix upon the period when I wiH come out a full- GOOX} CROPS—^STATE DEBT—RAILROADS—REPUB- the grain had been put in, that sufficient rain fell to which he maintained up to the fifteenth rnile, whenSupposing that this full and frank letter will enablewas n o t until a month at least, on the average! after Rice's horse took the lead for a few hundred yardsnot own any slaves. W e do not know whether an an-^ the ret nits o f bad legislation a n d a depreciated cur-that of the year before. The quality of the berry is at least 25 per cent bette* than it has been for years.I subjoin the breadGh'of land occupied, by wheat for fotu years with the gross production o f each o f those years, the first t w o from official returns, the last two upon estimates based upon a s good authority a s can be obtained. I esteem t h e estimate below rather than above a fair computation, a t least I a m satisfiedthat it is not extravagant. Twenty-five per cent only onthe twopreview years,has been added for the breadth o f land occupied by wheat in 1859 and 1860:mined to put nis powers of endurance to the-utmost test, by making him run the last half mile against a fresh horse, in which trial he again came out victorious, beating his new competitor easily.About eeven or eignt hundred dollar changed hands. Mr. Rice wins nothings but the other horse, bis object hot having been to make money on the race, but only to show the bottom of his horse.LA W INTELLIGENCE.•EUNITE'D STATES CIRCUIT COURT—Acs. 29.—Before Chief-Justice N»i.sox.COMMENCEMENT O-T T H E TERM.Ordered, That a Special Term o f the Circuit Courtof the United State* beheldattho Court-room,in the United StatesCourt buildings onChambersBtreet,rntheCityofNew- York, on Wednesday,the 12th-day of September next,at12 o'clock m., according to the statute in snch case made a n d pro- vided. S . NELSON.Cooperstovm, Aug. 24,1860.NOTICE'TO THE BAR.Tbe others were locked up until such time a s eotw»« are ready to proceed with the exan>mation. There far* one or two other persons implicated iu the attempted swindle, but the detective officer h a s been unable t+ find them as yet. The imwirauce companies are repre- sdnted b y John Whitehead, Theophylet B . Sattertfc- waite, W m H . Bird, and James F . Cox, President and Vice Presidents o f th e compardee mentioned, wtoi appear as complainants. The evidence thus far eUcitecT is rather weak, but t h e prosecuting counsel promiee something more substantiaLVISITING/ SOLDIERS.—The National Blues of New- Haven, Capt. Willis Bristol, jr., arrived here yesterday afternoon, in th e steamer Traveler. They were re- ceived b y a delegation of the BQghwood Guards of Ho- boken, who took them on board a small steamer, aad proceeded directly to Hoboken, where they were re-ewer to this oft-repeated question is important, but w ewillgiveone. Mr.Breckinridgeandhisfamilylivein rency. Themonetary crisisaffected theState asaLexington, and board a t th e Phoenix hotel, andt h evotes m that city. For the past three years he has notlisted any property for taxation, either real or personal,severe attack of fever would affect a healthy man; utter prostration for a time, but with the certainty of recovery from the disease, w i A good appetite> and allas appears from the tax books. H e has a free coloredwoman as a nurse. We understand that he has a good the faculties both oi body and mind reinvigorated.deal of real estate in the North." ' . —A large and enthusiastic meeting of Republicans was held inBridgeport, Madison County, New-York, on Saturday e rening last. .This place has been a strong- hold of Americanism, and at first the majority of theBut the evils of. foolish legislation seemed av. the time to change a course of c mrparatively mild fe'er into chronic disease, and to give all the people of Minnesota a permanent sick headache. B u t exercise in the open air, ia the cultivation of our virgin, soil, has drivenWHEAT.—A ccrreeporkbat writes from Bethany,Pa., peopleweredisposedinfavorofBellandEverett; awaythebluesandthechronics;andthelongmo- under date of Aug. 28th, 1860, as follows: but after the late fusion of the Douglas and Bell par- rose faces of a sick headachy people have been meta- " Yesterday was a giorioas day for Bepublicans in ties at Syracuse, the tide has changed. The speeches morphosed into multitudes of busy, cheerful, hopeful,Kcrthem Pennsylvania. T h e H o n . P . G . Goodrich and happy visages of a'people w h o n o w feel certain made a telling speech for the cause of Freedom, fol- of George TerwiHiger of New-York, and Alfred H .lowedbyCapt.Chas.Averyand Lieut. Smith,ofthe Hovey ofSyracuse, were effective, inducing many thatthepresentcropcfgoldengrainissuretosprinkleWide-Awake battalion. In the evening there was a who were heretofore Bell men and DougUw m en, to a Utile gold dust into every man's pocket, and give the388,080 T79.909 974,8861,218,607estimate d o3.293,2547,799,088 19,491,712.d o d o d ograad parade of over 700 W de-Awakes, in full uni- join the Republican Club. About three hundred names form, soaking one of the largest political gatheringsin were added to the Republican roll.whole State a foundation on which to build up per-manent prosperity. The sweet music ofthe sythe,the larger yield, than the middle and southern counties.Appealj- Argument, and Equity Calendar for"theTerm appointedto be held by the ioregoiororderwill be made ceived at the dock by the company, and a salute ofthis part of the State. All hail the Chicago nomi- nees. All hail a Republican victory."—The Republican* of Amboy, Oswego County, New- York, have organized a Wide-Awake Club.—A correspondent of The Portlandat Alfred, Maine, on the 23d inst., and says: received 9 votes, and Mr. Geddee 47. The fact is, that never were a people better prepared by a bitter expe-From the best information I can obtain, i n addition t o my own extensive examination of fields, I am safe in placing the probable average yield at forty-five bushels £er acre. In many sections o f the State i t will be from bO to 70 buehelB, while there are numerous fields which wid not turn out less than 100 bushels per acre. I sub- i'oin the production of Corn for four years past, but!»ave Only placed the increased breadth of land for 1859 and 1860 at one-fourth that of Wheat:np by the Clerk. There will be no Jury Calendar. The Appeal Calendar will b e taken up on the first day, and parties are r e - quested to ordertheir copies o f Apostles at the Clerk's office,«o that they may be ready before tne openh :of the Court.thirty gunB was fired on their landing/as a welcome- After parading through some of the principal etreete, they were entertained with a dinner at Odd-Fellomi Hall, and at 5 o'clock took the steamer for Boston.CAMPAIGN MEDALS.—Henning 6c Eyman o f NortkWilliam street, have iesued a neat campaign medal o ftbe size of a dollar, with a medalion likeness of Lin-coln on the obverse, and the legend " Republican can-poesessiDg a very efficient organization. T ae follow- sota, and the public lands, together with municipal and social statistics. It should be in the hands of everyingarethemilitaryofficersoftheCluboftheFourth manwhohasinvestmentsinMinnesota,andwehope andFifthWards. Wewouldliketowitnessaparade itwillalsoreachmanywhowillbeinducedbythefactsJacob Mussina et al. agt Charles Stillman.—(Texas LandFraudCase—Motionofdefendantsfornewcommiwions.)—under command of their Captain, Gov. Morgan:it contains to make Minnesota theirfuture home. From this book, so carefully prepared by Joseph A . Whee- lock, w e condense the following with regard to our railroad system and our State debt, the one subject which has so agitated the minds of all Minnesotians sinceouradmissionasaState. Asthisworkisanoffi- cial document, and published by authority of the State, its statements can be. reliedon as correct; andthe atten- tion of railroad men is invited to the - magnificent granting a fair amount for home conaumpiou^ of at least' $7,000,000. We shall then have, for this year:Fir wheat, after deducting one-third for home con-Same afft. same e t al.—(Motion of, plaintiff to vacate Com- mission, and also to vacate stay of proceedings.)—Motionde- nied, without costs, and with leave to renewTTf defendants, or either of them, shall hereafter delay, or place obstacles in the way of the execution of the Commission.H6UPERIOR COURT—SPXCIAL. TKRM--AUG: 29.—BeforeJI JusticeMONCKIBF.DECISIONS.Officer*.Alternates.•E. D. MorganH . C. Southwick. Joseph B . Keith.sumption, &c, if Bold at only 60c. per bushel For cattle and hogs..$7,200,000 7,000,0002d Lieutenant.. .George Dexter.4th Lieutenant. . 0 . N . Chapin.1st Sergeant.... •A. Van Soiitvoord . . .Jacob Fredeurich.JohnTravers. Niohoias Thaner.3dSrrgeant...:. .N. S. Benton ...Joseph P Jarvi*.seem to set bis candidate ahead much; whereupon a 4th Sergeant. .Alden March. .".H H . HiU man. of lands, as well as State aid, now ottered to responsi- energies to the production of more profitable products1stCorporal Thnrlow"Weed......HenryMcBride. blecompanieswhowillcompleteeitheroneofthepro- •2dCorporal Wn>jThorburn G.H.VanBuren. jectedrailroade.3d Corporal "William V. Many....John T. Friibee.iir. CrooksofRochesterwasbroughtintofinishthe job. A friend writes:**It sooa became apparent to the vigilant watchmenUpon the tower of Democracy, that the Sir. Crooksdidat understand his l«»s8on correctly, and some of theturerrified suggested the propriety of informing thespeaker of his short-comings; but it was no go. Crookslovesto speak, andheoccupiedjust two-and-a-halfhoars, givmg his old associates to understand that La should be resisted by force. He replied: be entitled maybe estimated as follows: Minnesota low would discredit the State. I have submitted it to no eveut could Stephen A . Douglas be elected Presi-4th Corporol.....John Q. Wilson ;Wm. H . HaakeU- —At Norfolk, on Saturday, Judge Douglas, in the course of his speech, w a s interrogated, as to whetherBy the act of March 3,1857, the Congress of the United States donated to the -State of Minnesota for the purpose of aiding in the construction of railroads, athanwheat,suchascattle,hogs,andsheep,andadded cheese, butter, & c , w e should have an exhibit of at j least one-third more.in regard to bis being put in possession of the floating hospital, elicited considerable discussion. M r. Purdy thought the course pursued by Dr. Jerome was very Bftauge, and bis conduct looked very much as if h a wanted to dictate to ths board. He did not know bat itjwonld beaswell fortheCommissionerstoretire,(•visaged gentlemen sorrowfully tell you to-day, with amusingsolemnity,that'Crooksisnotmuchofa speaker.' •'""The Hon. T . B . Carroll of Troy being in town, with bis consent, the Republicans aent the Chairman of the Deo ocratic Town Committee the following com- manieation:" DKAK 8JK: Tb* Hon. Saaford E. Churchand the Hon. Thba. B. CarroLi werr>. to tin,«« pn :t, active and efficient co-workers i n the r>eo»oci»ticP»rty. Mr.Cborrhto-day support*StephenA. Doagla*fortb*>Presidency. Mr.Carroll adrocatesthe election ofAbrahamLincoln Wepropose,Mz.Carrollhsringawentedra—ionbefOTfthesameoadienc"inPalmyra—thinmeetingtobe' whatquarteritwould. Inother words, I thinkthe milesofrairoadswerecertifiedasgraded,readyforthe. non. Thewriter proclaimed them.to be men whoc a m p a i g n . Y o u w i l l p l e * u * c o n f e r w i t h M r . C h n r c h , a n d r e t u r n u» at; answer to tb« proposition.- Very truly, ice, ANSON B. CLEMENS. "ChairmanRepublicanTownCommittee."" Tbw letter, penned in good faith, waa handed to the Democratic T own Committee, who saw the propriety, andajpsente.1tothearrangement,Mr.Pomeroy TuckerwemJt-gquiteanxious,batMr.Churchthought Httodecline•«ayingthathecouldnotandasingle day duringSen^mberorOctoberfortheproposeddiscus-— T b e H o n . C . F . A d a m s o f M a s s a c h u s e t t s a d d r e s s e da large meeting in Philadelphia, on Tuesday night. the lands and franchises of those roads are to be for- contributions for the relief of the sufferers by the late disturb-Mr.HenryC.-Careyprtsided.Mr.Adams'ssubject feitedtotbeState.Theeebondsarenowinthehands'sionariesandeminentmeiiinBeyrouturgingtheirclaims.Mr.S . E . M . . « 2 : S T . . $ 5 R e e v e C i s e & B a n k s . G. G.W., $2; J.P., $2 11 00 F., $ 5 Cash, $10...sion.TbMi*Democraticdiscussion. •• '••roars, truly, JOHN GILLETTE, JK."500|JohnConger 25OS JasRogers.JerseyCity 50Otthe Soujkern States, secede from, the Union upon the inaugurationofAbrahamLincolnbeforehecommitsan overtactagainsttheirconstitutionalrights,willyouad- vise or vindicate resistance by force to their secession ? I answer emphatically ihat it is the duty o f th e Presi- dent of the United States and all otiera in authority underhimtoenforcethelawsofthe United Statesasfaesed by Congress as the Courts expound them. A n d ,asindutyboundbymy oathoffidelitytotheCon- stitution,amtodoallinmypowertoaidtheGovern- mentoftheUnitedStatesinmaintainingthesupremacy-iThepecompaniesweretocompletetheirroadsb1!the year 1866, under penalty of forfeiting their lands. to th*» arrajogpavrnt, that tb**» <.Ttt!-ai«u meet for politicnl dis- of the laws against all resistance' to them, come from Under this act of the Legislature two hundred and fortybeingdrivenoverfromNew-Jersey,andthroughourwillh.-idatsuchtimeasmarraittheconTenieneeofthespeoJcen,hat to September; the detail* of the discussion to.be arranged b yu.'—.i. Such a uievttos and di*ca*»ton conducted with itdrnesM andproprVty,aswehaTenodoubtitwouldbe,couldnotfailtobe instructive to the peoplp, and to indicate the principle* and fiers in 1832." ' • ,. candidatemoatdeservingthesnpportofpatriotic freemeninthissuperstructurebyanagentappointedbytheGovernorfor the purpose of examining th« different lines,and$2,275,000oftheStateBondswereissuedtothediffer-Wfreknowntobeunworthyofconfidence,andwhose designs were undoubtedly dishonest.In TheN^Y.Evening Express ofthe13thinst.,ACADEMY O Fnest Monday, and the sale of seats on Saturday. See advertisementfortheimmediateandprospectiveenter- tainments.PiesidentoftheUnitedStates, whoever hemay be, should treat all attempts to break up the Union by re- sistancetoitslawsasOldHickory treated the!NuUi-AID FOR THE SYRIAN SUFFERERS.—The Committee forthereliefofthedestituteandsufferinginSjria,aclcnowiedfa the receipt of the following sums:D. A.Cushman $25 00 H. B.Livingston.S O s o15 OS S*00waspolitical;thefollowingwerehisremarksconcern- ing Mr. Bell:"AstotheschemeofpresentingMr.Bell,withthe ideaofreinsttoutingtheoldWhignotions,Imustbeper- mitted to say that I regard itasalmostexclisively designedintheFreeStatestomaintainandupholdthe existirgauthorityintheFederalGovernment. Itia aimedasablowattheRepublicanmovement,bydivid- ing the j?en?iment which ought to animate the Freeofvariousparties,andarcsellinginthismarketat from 30 to 35. cenja on the dollar. There is no doubt of the ultimate pavment of those bonds in full, but so long as there h a failure to pay the interest, they will con- tinue tobesoldatfrom30to50cents. TheState wouldwillingly give thelandgrant of eitherofthe projectedroads,whicharealreadygraded,toanycom- panywhowouldcompletethem,aadinadditionwouldprovide promptly for the interest, on those bonds at theAbcariusiBatpresentinAlbany..Mr.Soossaiainthisctyy." Knowing that these were the personages referred toDepartmentconferred with hisHonor the,MayorNewells.HoHinanitMc- Donald....J.J*o*••*••••••••••>••••• Zvmi so <v>ROM, Faloonerdr.Co..... 50 0ePAUL, &C.. CorrespondenceofTheN.Y.Tribune..••';.';afterthefirstrain. Henceitwasveryirregular,and oflienor,butbeforehetookthetrackagainthesteadyST. PAUL, A ag. 15; 1860.The State of Minnesota is fast recovering from thethe evil results of the revulsion o f 1853% I n additionto the monetary crisis .whicfi so sorely afflicted theWest, the State of Minnesota was also afflicted withitwasfearedforsometimethatnotmorethanhalfa crop would be gathered. Some fields all over tbe State have been seriously affected by rust and the chinchbutcautiouslopeoftheotherhorsehadplacedhim full a mile in advance. They maintained this- position, each stopping occasionally to be sponged, until the twenty-eighth mile, when Tholen's animal gave out.ThelastsessionoftheLegislatureappointedaCom-magnificent grant of lands. This grant of. lands was products of oar noble State of Iowa, of the items men- be thought Lincoln's election would justify Southern afterward distributed among, four railroad companies, tioned for the year 1860. T o place them too high•United States will the Southern States be justified, in sota Railroad, 835,381 acres? Transit Railroad, 1,029 - tion, who assent to its general accuracy.gecedinp; from the Union? T o this I emphatically an- 120 acres; Cedar Valley Railroad, 150,000—makisg a WM. DUANE WILSON. swer no. The election of a man to the Hrreeidency b y total of about 4,400,000 acres. F o r the purpose of ex- Office of Secretory of lotea Farmers' College, )him in poese^eion of wliat they never had themselves. ter for drovers oh "Wednesday than upon Tuesday, and They never had any charge or control of the Hospitalail the bullocks offered (3,408 head) were sold before "Falcon;" and be, for one, bad no objection to the doctor night. The prices will be found in our regular report getting possession of her from the other board (Quar-dent, but that Belt and Everett would be triumphantlyelected, making as thorough an American speech asever was delivered- Democracy growled and bfostered,while over their head*, at an altitude of 120 feet,streamed out a banner, upon whose ample folds werepainted the name* of Douglas and Johnson. Long- tempt at dissolving its glorious confederacy. If they, the State was authorized by the Legislature, bearingDesmoines, Iowa, Aug. 1, 1860. >the American people, in conformity with the Constitu- peditirgthe construction of the land grant system of tion of the United States, would not justify any at- railroads in Minnesota, a special issue of the bonds ofof the market.We are glad to find that the remarks upon Sun-daysalesofbullocks,inTHETRIBUNElast week, hashadsomeeffect. IthastouchedthepersistentSab- bath-breakers in a spot so raw that i', made them howl. But. in spite of their howling, it will probably break upthetraffic,as we learn that theSuperintendentof Police has given orders that will prevent bullocks fromantine Commissioners).The ma*ter was here drop !>ed.The following preamble and resolution, offered b yMr. Curtis, were adopted: Whereat,Thirteenyearshaveelapsediincetheorganiiatfoacf this Board of Gommi»aio:>ers,and that some of their annnsJ reports are nearly out of print, and th«t th* thirteen years* «xpe~ rience of this Beard will shoyr b y thetr annual reports m«sm sanitary supervisionand more s^sUmatlc tables of statUtios «< bothsurjricalandmedicalhospitalpracticethancanbefoundo« the records of any institution for the some time In Amerio*, therefore.Resolved, That the Secretary and General Ajrent be directe<I, nndertheorderand supervision of tbePresident,to havere- printed copiesor volumesof the said thirteen annaalre- ports.The Board then adjourned.interest at seven per cent, payable semi-annually inNew-York, and maturing on the 1st December, 1883,or25yearsfromdate. Theamountissuedtoeachcompany could not exceed $1,250,000, and the totalissue v*as limited to an aggregate of $5 000,000. These yTheEeywGeorgeW.^ooapublishesthefollowing statement in reply to the resent letter of Mr. Seward, concerning two Syrian visitors to this country:Somemonths agoTheLevant Herald, ofConstan- tinople, contained a letter from an Enalish gentleman of high respectability in Beyro'ut, warning the American publicagainsttwoSyrians,whowerecomingtoAmer- icatosolicit funds,under thefalsepretenseof build- ingahespitalandestablishingschoolsonMountLeba-bonds were to issue as construction advanced at the rateof$10,000permileofroadcompletedforthesuper- structure, and $10,000 additional per mile for sections of ten miles completed and cars running thereon. -.ent companies. The companies were unable to nego- the following announcement appeared:tiatethosebonds,-andtherefore unable,tocontinuethis "Two Syrian gentlemen, Messrs. A. A.AbcariusandB.F.$25••w o r k , o r t o p r o v i d e f o r t h e p a y m e n t o f . i n t e r e s t , a n d S o u s i - a a r e n o w m t h i s c o u n t r y f o r t h e p u r p o s e o f o b t a i n i n grate of $10,000 per mile if held by the company com-—A correspondent in Scranton, Pa., under date of State*. ''The proof of this is found in tbe way that it pleting the road. The company thus would obtain the would be pursued by them on arriving hare being pense of the torches and muaic,'ahd if that bod/re-TotalPreviously acknowledgedAug. 25, writes as follows: „ has been tolerated by the friends of the other candi- exactly fulfilled, it seemed to me'a duty not to with- land gttint and a donation of bonds equal to $5,000 per:i.•\[3 i:ili71\I1ifused, he would bear the coat out of his private pursed " The Union men i»ened a call more than two weeks dates op3oeed to Mr. Lincoln. . They ali understand mile. The line Of road connecting St. Paul with the hold from publication the statement of one of the mis- He also authorized them to engage fifteen bands ofTotal$9,1<»"$S W.A.BOOTH.Treasurer,No.95FrontatreM.agoforagrand Beli-EverettMa*.*Mc&i-njr,tobeheld the fatuity ofthe idea of restoringadefauctpirty. LaCrosse andMilwaukeeRailroadrunsthroughthe sionaries,whichwassentforpublicuse,andthefactson the 25th, inviting the 'Tariff' men of Pennsylvania As well might you undertake to push back the current richest and most productive grain growing portion of of which the writer desired to have widely made mueic, one for- each division of the procession. Thewho are in favor of protection to .Home Industry, of the Mississippi. A s well might von pretend that tbe State, and would at once on completion do a good known. It is not possible that he should be, mistaken military display will probably come off on Friday, theOld-line Whigs, Americans, National Democrats, and you would place a etatue on the eternally frozen apex of business in freight and passengers; and w e believe no in the testimony which he has borne .Concerning them. day appointed for the Prince's arrival, of on the day Aqueduct Department as inspector of Korty-second street, and conservativeRepublicans,'toattend,and'hearthe IChimborazo! Nomanwi'hthesmallestconceptionissuesofthedayfairlydiscussed.' Ofcoarse,sogen-eral an invitation didfnot fail to attract a crowd, andthe 'Bell-ringers,' forgetting ihe tenor of their call,supposedthemallmenoftheirparty. Thespeaker,toeBon.H.M.Fuller,verymuch"elated,tookanearly occasiontodeclarethat, 'sosureasthesilvery|ofmencanbefoundinAmericatodiapate. IfMr.ofwhat belongs to thecharacterofastatesmanwill presume to affirm that that cau have been a nomina- tion, made in good failh, which is made without any regardtothequestionsthatreallyagitatethenation, andwhichisbaseduponprinciplesthatnota.handfulnewrailroadenterpriseinthecountryoilerssogreat inducementstorailroadmena9this.following..<..HenryBrill..appointedbyJusticeVanCottoftheIVthJ«- dicialDintrict,asInterpreter, were yesterday«womintooSW» at the City HalLmoon w«s gleaming through the sky, so sure as the sunwould n s e on the morrow and dispel the darkening ; he would have to do would be to take his side on present CHAKUC* M cC L rK a.C L A K K W . THOMPSON-EmpireCityRegattaClubwilleseort'Mr.Martin,the gallantboatmanwhorowedanthewayfromBoston to prove that berries vere better tban beef, from themorningatirebrokeoutinthestoreofWm.North- berg,No.385Grandstreet,andbeforeitcouldbdex- tinguished the stock was damsged to the amount ofBell could by any possibility be elected, the first thingFor Elector*—SmvB-BX MlI.I.BK, WlLLIAMPl'KNDKU,The Republican State Convention m*>t here to-day, and has just adjourned, after a most enthusiastic and harmonioussession. CyrueAldriohandWm.Wihdom wereunanimouslyrenominatedasRepresentativesin Congress. Theremainingcandidateschosenare:•THE BERKY-WHERitYsrAN —The members o f thes»FIRKIN GRANDSTREET.—At10o'clockyecterdajrshade?ofnight,sosureastherewasaGodinHeaven, \questionsbetweenthetwo,andtheonly two,parties For State Auditor—CHAKLBSMCEX.KATH.John BeD would be our next President.' [Cheers pro-, j really based upon existing conflicts of opinion. With- For Clerk of the Supreme Cvurt—A...J. VAJJYoOKHJS.poeed for Bell—the vast crowd did not respond.] After out the cooperation of members of one or the other of This ie a good ticket, and there is not a shadow of for the sufferers in Syria, in response to their appeals, rowed to Albany, he will ship back his boat to M r. A YOUNG TILL THIEF.—James Williams, a painter,pavinghisrespectstothemenandmeasuresoitheRe-Ithesetwoparties^hecouldnotcarryontheGovern- doubttbatitwillbeelectedbyalargemajority.The whileactingunderMr.SewardsdirectionatAuburn Roberts, oftheE. C. R. C, who haspur- following resolutions were passed. They are short andabout20vear«ofsge.suddenlydartedintoW«ta&Fleuob-tired The meeting o-ver, it was suggested to a Bell of the practical operation of our system. The Prasi- ticularly well received: t• ... shall regret the result if the publication of the letter of a collation with a few friends, at the shop of Mr. the act, hovrever. and nursuod by the crowd. wa*n Officerman that they were making much ado over their meet- ! dent of the United S'ates, as the head of a great party, from Beyrout shall diminish the contributions to be dis-leg, ween more than half were Lincoln men. He in is a very powerful officer. B u t if without opinions Mr. Worth, from the Committee on Resolutions, re- bursed through the Committee of which Mr. Booth is Darling, in South street, who built hie wherry.Endler, of the H>thwardTtook up the chase, »nd succeeded w cspturlnc the young thief. A.portion of the ^ e T , l u bills W M fcu^d in his stockm*. but the gold ^ ^ ^ ^ L ^ t ^ S S S * a W the str-et. Williams wasimmediately taken before Justice <*nuolly,where headudtted thedwft,andwas locked opto answer. ,STEALING CLOTH««•—Mary McGow was yesterday a>w*ted forstealing*TM worthofclothinj;fronrMrs.Duffyof No 276Mott st****- Both Mary and Patrick Dougherty. w k » w»>r«arrest*-**•»accomplice,werelockeduptoanswerby Justice»*t<rs. • . .dSgsastly replied that he would 'count noses,' and see. and without men to support a policy, he is no heavierported the following resolutions:Resolved, That we, the delegated representatives of the Repub- the treasurer. Let the liberality of the benevolent bemEXPENSE OFCLEANINGroll for the two weeks ending August 29, made at the City Inspector's office yesterday, was $8,851 06 being areductionof$1,96336fromthedisbursementsoftheHethencalledonallopposed totheelectionofLincoln t*.step o u t one aitfe, when, after counting all the O p-, pceatioo, iaclading Dooglas, Breckinridge, and Bell, it was found tbat Lincoln had a majority of thirteen.. Af*ertibi*announcement Bell stock went down rapidly. Itisundecidedwhethertheycangetenough togetherthanafeatherblownabout byevery wind. The at- tempt, then, to present him to the couutry as a candi- date without distinctive principles on the issues of the day, is either made without good faith, and solely todistract the ranks of the reformers, or, if honestly made,itispurelyaeentimeUtalmovement, withouta particleofpracticalvalueinthedisposal of a single jivingquestion. Ineithercase,avote given for Mr.promptandabundant;fortheneedisgreat. Whether, after parting from Mr. Seward, the money collected b y Meters Abcarius and Soussa would have gone into the hands of this Committee, or in accordance -with the suggestion of Aioob Bey to Mr. S., being sent to the American.Consul,Mr.Johnson,orreceivedanother direction,wemayconjecture,butnoonecanknow. Theprobability mthecaseishigbtenedbythedeclar- ation of theee men, as testified to me, that four Sy-Resolved,ThattheootductofourSenatorandRepreaeritativea.rian* weretobeassociatedwithMr.Johnsoninthe in Congress meets the cordial approval of the Republican^ o f the < distribution o f the funds, that. Mr. Soussa w a s to re-THE STREETS.—Thepay-;inScraxteaevento*crow'again.Republicanstockisonthe increase.corps of Wide-Awakas, and to-morrow w e raise a Bell would count no more toward any valuable result of the Territory and State ofMinnesota.splendid.LincolnPole,andflingonrbannertothe breeze."inourpresentemergencythanifitwerethrownaway upon any one o f us nere present."State. , .•.i Resolved, That w e now deem it expedient to takejudicious l e e i f l l a t i v e a c t i o n l o o k i n u t o t h e s p e e d y c o m p l e t i o n o f s u c h l i a e s ofrailroadasmaybedefinedessential to thenecessitiesoftho Sta»«»: rpou such conditions, however, as will "make the preaent113,200, being a gain in the county and a small loss inOnthecoat-ary, Wehave afineOF FINE ARTS.—A newartgalleryis—One Jordan Clark of Camden, Ark., wrote to W .P . B r o w n l o w , s a v i n g t h a t h e u n d e r s t o o d h e w a s a b o u tto join tbe Democratic party, and asking him to eomeoat under his owneignature to'announce thefactwhich would have so good k< an effect in the present to comply with your request. Similar invitations have integrity of the State.I A d v e r t i s e m e n t . I[Advertisement,jGuRNEY's GALLERY. N o . TOT S t o a d w a y . PmyrooKAiMia, IroatTTraa,MIVUTCKKS i> Ou.. aad DM)?SAPS >Tvcas.{Advertisement ] EEYNARJD<fcCo.,PATBMTHOUSXKXXPXK'SRirna. lMraxjusx.K 1N«KCTJTownax,aad Vaaaur DanTKOTaw. The only trnly reliable articles to extenninat* Bedbugs, Cra*ton-Bngs,Moths.GUrdeoInsects.Rar.«andMioe-Priiicipal Depot, No. 16T Broadwar. Bold by all Droggissa.[AdvertUwment ]election." To which the parson thusresponds":**KNOXVILLK, Aug. 6, I860. MK-JORDAN CXAKX:Ihaveyour letteroftne :X)thuit.,andhastentoletyou knowthe preciite timewhen I expect to come out and formally aanounce thatreached me from the counties of Adair, Knox, Harri- son, and Gentry, and it is my purpose to make a series of appointments to speak in the tier of counties stretch- ingfromtheMississippitotheMissouriRiver,begin- n i n g w i t h C l a r k C o u n t y , a n i e n d i n g a t S t , J o s e p h , i n Bucbftnar* County, previous to the Presidential elec-wrong has been done by the exposure which has beanI have joined the Democratic party. When the sun tion. Gen. Gardenhire of Jefferson City, has agreed abinesat nudnight, and the moon at midday—when to accompany me, and the appointments will beman forgets tone selfish, or Democrats lose their iu- announced a s noon as they can be arranged. clmstionstosteal—whennaturestops heronward Thereasonswhich,operatedsostronglyupontheSt. Paul with La Crosse and New-York.Gov. Seward is to address the people of Minnesotat h e u p p e r a t o r i e s . _YoTkandAlbany,twohugeandsubstantialsteamers forfreightingpurposes,toruninconnectionwiththe New-York Central Railroad. T o accommodate the growing up-town trade, their landing will be some- where in the neighborhood o f Chambers street." GxKTiiKMKW: Your letter of invitation has reached me,andIshallconsideritadutyas wellaaapleasureindebtedness aubaervient to tbe building of the roada, sridin •nclimanneraswillbeperfectlyconsistentwith,thehonorandmarchtorest,orallthewatercoursesmAmuricaflow Republicans to cast their votes"for the oppo- —TheHon.JohnB.Haekin,M.C,ofNewYbrk, hoga,inwhichClevelandissituatedhasincreased up srream—when flowers lose their odor, and treesshed no leaves—when birds talk, and beasts of burden sition candidates for Governor in the recent election, Chairman of the Committee on Public ExpendifetreB, the same time 30,158. . 'mlaugh—when damned spirit* swap hell for heaven, and for the other candidates for local offices in this wrih theangelsofbght, andpaythem thebootm State,nolongerexist. Itwasmost important tothemesa whisky—when impossibilities are in fashion, and interests of our State to overthrow the corrupt dynasty, ac proposition is too abaurd to be bel eved, you may which calls itself Democratic, and there w as a fairereeit the report tbat I have joined the Democrats. prospect of accomplishing this with the Republican voteand the Hon. J . A . Gurley, M. C , of Ohio, Chairman of Committee on Public Printing, passed through Bos- ton on Monday en route home, from, a hunting andREGISTER.—JoBiah W . Brown is strongly urged b y many leading Democrats'of this city as a candidate forIjmn tJur Democrats ! Never; so long as there are«*•«• ia Churches, weeds in gardens, fleas ia hog-pens,Maine. . They were elegantly entertained by some of present R'gister, is a k o understood to be willing to case of a peculiar nature is n o w under investigation ht*r life. After other remedies failed, I aophed to Dtr. £ J ! :dirt ia victual*, disputes in families, wars with nations,water in the ocean,W men in America, or base women by various combinations among themselves to preventMstraight limbs, and has M use/for a crutch.cast upon the opposition candidates. B u t i a the P i-e- eidential election, theparties opposed to the Republi- cans throughout the Union are mere factions, suckingfishing excursion in the vicinity of Mooeehead L ike, Register at the forthcoming election. Mr. Miner, the ALLEGED ATTEMPTED INSURANCE '.SWINDLE.—A P ARAL YZED AND DEFORMED LIMBS. — M y daughter has been p-vralyxed. and oompelied to «*• a errteblicanpaityofMinnesota,inConventiona'stieinbled. doapprove and adopt tbe platform of principles enunciated b y the Republi- can Convention at Chicago, and most n^urtily Indorse the nomi- natitns there made, and we pledge the Electoral vote of Minne- sotatoLincolnandHarnlia»tth»*comint;electiou.Jietolred, That we most cordially indorse the sagacioua, firm, andeconomicaladministrationofourStateGovernmentby.Gov. Itsmsey andhisRepublicanassociatesinothce;andthatwe cnaHengecomparisonofthec nductofourRopublicau'State Administration with t h e preceding Democratic Administration11thinst.'.•'..•''In order to make an estimate of the probable re-the national shield on the reverse, which they will fur-nish t o campaign, clubs at a cheap rate. t *FOR EUROPE.—The steamship Persia saile 1 yester- day for Liverpool, with sixty-three cabin passengera, amongthemSeiiorJose Bergis,ParaguayanCommis- sioner,Mr.M. F.Grinnell ofNew-York, Gen.Pal- frey of New-York, and Marquis P io del Bufalo o f Italy. The Persia took out $445,832 57 in specie.COMMISSIONERS OFEMIGRATION.—This Boardmet yesterday afternoon at Castle Garden, President Ver- planck in the chair. From the weekly statement it appears tbat 69,747 emigrants arrived at this port since the 1st of January last. T o the same date last year, 52,718. Number of arrivals last week, 997. Number ofinmatesintheinstitutiononWard'sIsland,740. Aggregate receipts to date, including commutation o fI send you the above, that there may be no miscal- culation in regard to the actual orprobable agriculturalCITY ITEMS,—•BULL'S HEAD.—The advance in the price of beefsecession, andwhether such secession,ifattempted,' andtheamountoflandsto whicheach companywill wouldbeunjusttotheproducers,andtoplacethemtoo-" If Abraham Lincoln be elected President of the and Pacific Railroad, 2,384,640 acres: Sonthtrn Minne- several gentlemen having extensive means of informa- the second day. In fact the market was crowded bet- Mr. Carrigan said that thedoctor wanted them to putTHE TWOSYRIANS.madeiathiscase. GEO.W.WOOD.Atelegraphlinehasjustbeencompleted connecting RoomsoftheA.B.ofC.forF.M., Bible House, AtrtorPlace, wDlbe25feetinbight;andartists'studiosWilloccupythecitysince1857.N . y . , A u g . 2 4 , 1 8 6 0 .CENSUS ITEMS.—The City of Cleveland, Ohio, has.aaddress the State Agricultural Society on the 26th., x. population of 43,550. .Its increass in ten years has Line" propose to put upon tbe river, between New-on the 15th of September, and Cassius M.Claris toADDITIONS TO THE PEOLE'* LINE.—The " People'sthe leading Republicans at Parker's. Gov. Banks and the Hon. C. E . Train, M. C , were preis&iWserve another term, should the post be pressed upon fcira.before Judge Connolly, at Jefferson Market, involvinga very large enm of money. It appears that; the bark Naw fork.Cr * . «w vAf T w a••'• ,vM Fulton New YorkUntitled Documentbeen26,516. ThepopulationoftheCountyofCuya-23,366,634d o d o d odidate for Sixteenth President of the United States," SUPBEME COURT—CHAMBERS—AUG. 29.—Before Justice surrounded by an olive wreath, and surmounted' bfGRBAiT THIRTY-TWO' MILE From the LeavenwortJi Jji*paUh, Aug. 20.^umfcghorse, was not present.FRANK P . BLALK, JB. wheat, all over the State, was- sown in March, and tively little bettwg was done, the crowd gtae^fiJ. did willfully and maliciously run their vessel upon tl»generally not later than the first week in April. It was mg ignorant of the merits of either horse*, t C g K rocks, thereby causing a total loss of vessel and cargo. sown on a very dry Eoil, little or no rahx or snow hav- delegation from Leavenworth backed their Mepeetlveworth meenn. . Mr.Ric*e, »,. the o w£overfrom12to15bushelsperacre. Mucbofthe ..Af~?l?l0?k*reci8ely$*racebegan. Butcompara- havingsecuredthepoliciesbyfraudasabovestated,ing fallen during the previous eight months, andit opinions quitefreelywiththe "rhino." AtthestarL Inaccordancewiththeaboveaffidavit, JueticeCoooollf'hwraed a warrant for the arrest of Joee" C. Pedraja*. Asaa F. Downs, James Carrerae, and Henry D'Orguerra. The warrant w a s placed i n t**e hands o f detectiv* Sampson,whoafterabouttwoweekssearch,eweceedWI inarrestingallthepersons-mentioned. Apartialeat-; amination waa had in the case on Monday, and will 1 » continued still further. Ore of the accused was re-leasedoagivingbailfor hisappearanceinthemmo*f i double the yield of last year, and nearly four times and still kept up nia steady gallop. JCt was-now deter- $15,000, and one other was released on $3,000* Ma3LTrag, but not so much as to prevent a yield of sixteen and could go no further. Rice's horse nowoaditali bushelsperacreasthea-werageoftheState. Thisis his ownway,yetheshowednosignsefweariness,Year.1856: 1858: 1859: I860:No. ofAcres.<§££&££*'• 5,469,516—buahel*.CORK.From present appearances the average yield of Cornfor 1860will exceed that of any other year sincethe settlement of the State. Unless w e nave an early September frost, as was the case last year, the North- ern half of our State will exhibit as good, if not a/streetsonSunday. ;.a3fr r, ', * —yesterday in regard to the reception of the Prince of bythecorrerpondentofTheLevantHerald^Iwas Wales.TheFireDepartmentwillcelebratehisvisit SvdneyE.Morse10 00J. B . & W . W . Cornell 2500&.Conotsurprisedtolearn,twodaysaftertheabovenotice, tbatthtirrepresentionofhavjnglettersofindorsement "from Americanmissionariesandeminentmen," doubtlessmeaningforeignresidentsinSyriawasfalse -Hsurhletteshavingbeenappliedfor,butrefused.The anticipations at Beyrout in regard to the course whichH.K Coming.. Lnther Jenison,10000P.E.L H»dassehST A TESBefore CommissionerWnms-COMMISSIONER'S OFFICE—ATTG. 29.—cattlenoticedupontheopeningdayoftheweeklymar-ket at Forty-fourth street, was well' sustained, through and let Dr. Jerome step in and manage the business.Music—The seasoncommencebyasplendidtorchligatprocession. ShouldthePrince arrive atthetime appointed,theprocession will take placaontheeveningofSaturday,Oct.13. Mayor WoodpromisedtheCommitteetoapplytotheCommon Council for the necessary appropriation to pay the e x -George Elli»Pre»bjterian Ck.,Owego 2» 00 J. P Swain & Co1000O M 0 0 2508Mr.Sewardhashadnoconnectionwiihtheseindi-vidualswhichwasnothonorableto him. Ofcourse,I was unacqoHinted with rn^st of the particulars whichhis letter in The Auburn Union narrates. I t i s n o tstrangethatheshouldtakeafavorableviewofthecharacteranddeeignsofthesemen. Hedoesnotknowtheirpasthiatory;andhedidnotknowthatvbe-fore mettirg him, one, if not both of them, gave outfalse representations in regard to their relations to the foot of Governeur street down the East River, to-day, $400. Fully insured in the Brooklyn Insurance Com- Americanmissionaries. . at 1 p.m.,onhiadepartureforAlbany. Having pary. Originoffireunknown.The arrangement as to the dispoail of funds raised mINSTITUTEnow in courseoferection at.No.625Broadway,bvMr.W.H.Derby. Thefront/willbeindebtedforitsarchitectural grace to IHT. J . R . Hamilton, whileM e s s r s . R e s h n e r &t S e x t o n w i l l f u r n i s h t h e s c u l p t u r a ldecorations. Six statues*of celebrated sculptorsandpainters will occupy niches betweea the windows oftheupperstories,togetherwithfigurssemblematicofarchitecture, painting, and sculpture. The cost of the ••veninj?, st*J o'clock, the Wren FamMy give their inimitable building will be $50,000. It will front 24 feet on performances in the Lecture Room.Broadway, and have a depth of 200 feet; the galleryE.A.Kinaaian, which left thisport forHavanai* may last, waswrecked, andtheship andcargoto- tally lo*t. Vessel and cargo were heavily bwwed, policies having been taken o u t from the Sun Mutaw,a great amount. They also charge that these persona,rFalls ...30COWius'.ow,Lanier&Co..SOOSBing-t 0 0 5OOiRevJohnDowdney.... SO*SWORN IN.—James Ryan, appointed by the CrotooD I E P FROM BURNS.—Sarab Janey«*rs, died yesterday at the rfxidence o f her parents, No. K 9 Tonth*renue,fromburn*accidentallyreceived. Aninquest will be held on the body this morning.BARKUM'S MusEUM.—That mostof all human curiosities, the LIVING SKXUTTOK,flesh or muscle, a mere form of bones and. akin, clos«*s his aa- hibitionthisweek. Allth*othernoveltiesof•theMuseummar be seen at the same tlrxvo. This afternoon, at Zo'clock, and tbisiMANN of No 1X6Wert aKb-et., New-Voik, 0*M>J»»«r „ v._ „Murray, aged 8extraordioary a man without Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Street/ „,..,ff ' 13069www.fum.:.-zM.' -^ltonhistory.com••..'': 