 KEW YORK HERALD.*, arllMjMrtMMiat.FAMILT H&MAUJ& from any qwuirr of (h* y*Hichildren. a political agitation that will destroy the con- the TJIImann a n d Strakosch troupe haveThe Excise Commissioners met yesterday after. stitution and break u p the Union. The next been compelled b y their engagements t o panese Ambassadors and their suite may be ex- ded the third decade of its existence; and, net-Man* r«»«*«i «.»wm—vaMwa.AOVSJeWSJMAffrs >-«*•* sssry darr «W*M»*nM to-••-••coamre o r THIETBWHTM STREET A E D POURTH Cork aad a market For particulars we refer to another quoted the speech of Lincoln, and said it wasmaketheirvisitanagreeableoneandhelp nant,however,asisthispracticetotheChris- along oar trade with the East, we will cheerful- tian minded and patriotic o f our citizens, theyATUUl-Ciurouu asstaaata. TRIPLE SHEET.Place. ___„__«_____ 9The Poalttont of the Country svmd Cite Pre- sidential Haxatatatloas.all right Lincoln is, therefore, the real author of the irrepressible conflict, though Greeley and Blair slaughtered Seward as the author, Inly do. We must have, however, It seems, a do not view it with a hundredth part of the skeleton at our feast The irrepressible Alder- detestation and apprehension with which theyHawthe severe competition to which he has beenexposed for so many weeks, his strength would1*=;The Presidential contest is beginning to as- order to make way for old fogy Bates.• •w ¥ork, UedncMUf, May «3, 1860. MAILS FOR IUX0P1.York Herald—Kdltioa Bmrepa.The Cuuard null steamship Asia, Captain Lott, wU leave&u$porttoda;forLiverpool.Tba oaaia for Europe win do** ta tais alt/ at eight candidate* whom they still desire to hare no- push it forward," Ac. Here is the identical irre-» clock tais morning minated. O f this character was the meeting fa*EraarajjiEwro»orraiBJBULDwillkapublishedheldlastnightattheCooperInstitute.at half-part seven o'clock ta tba moroiaf. •afie ooptos,hi wrappers, ax oanta Theie are probably four millions oat of thetest, on the contrary, fresher and more vigorous of marked consequence set his foot within the ral compact, and the defeat of the great expe-ThecoetsalsattheEvmoni*BDmoaornaHssuiafivemillionsofvotersinthecountrywhoare wtHaambbMtk«newsreceived bymailaadtelegraphattable." Of Mormonism there is this much further to gripasfirmasthatofabulldog. WedonotKEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MAY 2 3 , 1860.-TIUPLB SHEET.on Sonday, the 20th mat, with great aecresy. carry the election by one of the largest ma towards a new white summer hat for Greeley, Greeley took it tike a philosopher, saying that rectitude, or otherwise, of their coadnct- bat i.General Wheat waa a paetenger. jorities that has ever been «een. In the present who Is reported to have had on a shocking bad he had become quite awiutumed t o being Pontics U i . just the twverie-ejs, £ £ •wnj aflill SOROOI BBII1TT. "ThePoliceCommlsmonersheldameetingyes- emergency,thewholecountrydesirestopx- rustyoldtilethelasttimeliewasseenin •wontl HocouldaffordttbeamiaWe,see-EDITOR AMD PROrftlSTQB. terday afternoon. The only basiness transacted press its determined apposition to the revolu- Chicago. ing that he had* for once, laid out the hitherto •nd in most instance,wastheappointmentofWm.McKayaapatrolman. tionaryanddestructivealmsoftheblackrepub- TheOpera-novelties That BlightbaIst- impregnableWeed,whohadnoideaofthein- emcstt,v.CORKERorRASSAVMXPtvtronBTS.TheusualreportoftheSanitaryPolicewasre- tensityoftheoppositiontoSewarduntilthejnmcnxpv^^m^i•ecu *•*•/«w*»*r. Pis*** the field of moral and social discussion, where we threw out a few days since as to the prolon- that the Sage of Auburn and his lieutenant will abomceived, after which the Board adjourned. licans, and to separate the question of slavery cluded tat the 5«w FifHStaaaaea.Mcmtgtmi *» !ta*»W Thewill ofThomas W. Thome, the fatherof fromallpoliticalconnection, consigning it to Wearegladtofindthat the suggestionthat terrible third ballot was reached. Wehope Tan GREATMOBMOV A.VMYERSARTrs UTAB*~«IS DAnTW*MALD^m*p*mmhMt»m Charles R. Thome, the actor, was offered for pro- THE FuruBE or THE CHURCH.—Ia this season tfWMMMlT BMBAiD, «rtr» MMrday,fli«•< bate yesterday, in the Surrogate's CourtThe itproperlybelongs. Thegreat masses of the gation of the Opera season until after refrain from doing anything rash, and wait religiousanoiversarles,thethirtiethConfereoes shoos«T » » » — — I , tin Mmropaa* AMNM tMnr WiaswUnjf.amttpmMff,Up**"w— t>«irpar(^SfMtJHta«i, testator was possessed of considerable real and people are opposed to the rule of radical and the visit of the Japanese to our citypatiently for their revenge.of the Mormon Church, of which a full report or*towe/a*<?U»MhMMAtoi**tiepo+m;tktpersonalproperty,whichhedividesamonghissixinnovatingleaders,whosedesireistocarryonisaboutbeingnotedupon.AlthoughTHEJAPANESEorNewYORE.—eliableac-willbefoundelsewhere,deservesspecialat- Hon**.<!<counts from Washington Inform us that the Ja- tention. This remarkable sect has just eoncla* noon and granted three licenses for $35 each. Mr. few weeks will determine whether the political leave for Boston and Philadelphia, Madame pected here in about tern days. It is under- withstanding the hostility evoked by its doe-1o i PsonjroMonetuikmof WimrimiIf*dona*licensesinfuturebe$50forfirstclasshotels,$40totheirsectionalviewsononeside,andtheirper-excellentcompany,willkeeptheAcademytheirvisittothecommercialmetropolisofthebeensubjected,ttisnowInamoreflourishing OverK ai taTnWcOvUsLr to » sajrv r»Holmes moved that the amounts to be charged for managers of the democratic party can give up Cortesi, with the new tenor, Musiani, and ana second class hotel, and $30 for liquor stores in sonal preferences on the other, in behalf of the open for some weeks longer, thus affording, by Union with high hopes. They hare hoard s o condition than at any former period during itsgeneral. Themotionwasadoptedaftersomeshortcommongood. Ontheresultof thesetwocon- thesubstitution,thenoveltywhichisthelifeof much of the grandeur, the glory,the career. Whilst allthe other churcheshave The cotton mark* was steady yesterday, with sales of the character o f the coming political cam- artist o f fine powers, and, during the brief the occidental seat o f t h e trade o f tion of political qaestiona, foreign to their con-"S&W. W_asau.r Hsau*, VAjufcr Btoitf, «Mt «a U*PBIMTUli \JU- consideration,analtheCommissionersthenadjourn- ventionsnowhangsthefinaldeterminationof operatic enterprise. Madame Cortesi Is an progress and the power of New York, beendistracted anddivided bythe introduc-WnaXXV.AJcuasxEXTs THia iTsxma.••, UJ about*,oeokales,atastefoathebasisofquotationsgtveapaign. periodthat she sang here in thefall,gaineda anothercolumn. ThereceiptsofWesternaadState fl>ur rapidly in the favor of our New York au- to have the evidence of their own eyes and homogeneity of its system and discipline.by the oaaals continued large, wbue toe market was Who la the Author o f the Irrepressible diences. Of Musiani report speaks highly, his ears as to the wonders of Manhattan. We haveheary, aad for some descriptions of common aad medium _ Conflict I voice being, i t i s said, exceedingly pure i n Whether that system be founded i n error or grades prices again fall of about Qve cents per barrel. The It is discovered now, when it is too late, that no doubt that in some respects their anticipa- not, it has at least the merit of occupying itselfAftpjuooo and Evening.ed until this morning.aaO»% OUITYHBATBB.Bemerr.—PtowasorranPoasntchiefdemandwasconfinedtotheexporttrade.Wheat WilliamH.Sewardisnottheoriginatorof quality,andbismethodadmirable. InSignor tionswailbemorethanrealized. We cansolelywiththethingsthatconcernit ItU i *:—Kites* »•. rmiMtoTBT—W«rt or sua Wswto» wnw. exhibited mere buoyancy and activity, and waa in good the irrepressible conflict, fo r which h e has Susini these artists will have powerful support. show them our great public works, such as the practical in its objects and workings, and care-export request. Thereceiptsof corn were large, aad prices been rendered s o obnoxious t o t h e con- WAUAOX'S TREATRE, were heavy aad easier, while, with a good ex-port demand for the sound and better qualities, servative classes, and has been thrown over- KEWSOWe*r, thesaleswarelarge,atpricesgivenelsewhere,PorkwasboardatChicagoasnotavailableforthePre- •Ajuwe ABTBRIOAKMUurJkLrnMwr,-Dos— heavyaaddull,withsalesofnewmessat$1762},a sidency,batAbrahamLincoln,ofIllinois,the WartsIUMIorTH*raiisis—LrrnaCosiosrttss,Ac. $17U,aewprimeat$1376,aadaktat$1237*\Sugars nomineeoftheRepublicanConvention,who,inHe is one of t h e best, i f not the very best, Central Park, the Croton Aqueduct, with i t s fully avoids meddling with sentimental abstrac-andwillbeabletoundertakethesupplemental thefinestavenueIntheworld;wecandelight they donotnecessarily bringtt in cea-season without the aid of any additional novel- ties.Maretzek, whose qualities as a manager arebest developed when he has to encounter oppo-sition, has wisely determined to postpone, forthepresent,hisdepartureforPhiladelphia.It was supposed that he had played oat all hisresources; but, like the wizard with his inex-haustible bottle, he comes out with a strisg offresh announcements, which show that h e is man will have his finger in every pie which is regard anti slavery fanaticism. The one only far from being at the end of them. Three new set before the representatives of the Tycoon. carries out t o an extreme one o f the wisestprime donne,acouple ofnewtenors, a new Governmentswereinstituted,accordingtoMr. principlesofour institutions, whilsttheothert o mankind certain• :CS- * »= =Aaw| rtat «r*»eaiA pari «Sg,kaJ«Taa ak•Vltiuorooted a Haitilittle 1Ixflrtr- At LeuTteOataa read! comr i b l j . TheetaT h e s t e iSM pea Twooru»s,ooo. Atapriimeats, t « Along Uroad,fron taylall along I A trainft1 HaU.<71 Ac.-Taa StasMaa.STnUPfli a Sosaa, DAJHJES, ao.-J.uss; IMP Ha MoaurOOOPSB IJCWrrTUTE—RiHTBTTtO* or FliU'l OBI«T- *«. r*jiitur«i or t u Coca*or bim-Dij andwere active, with a speculative demand. The market closed at about >,c. per lb. advance. The transactions embraced about 4,600 hhds., 1,766 boxes, ani 00 hhis melado at prices given la another column. Coffee was quiet The stock of Rio embraced 12,943 bags and 16,444 mats and 1,200 government bags Java, making a total, with other descriptions, of 40,498 packages. Freights werehigher,especiallyfargrata,toLiverpoolaadCorthem with the concord of sweet sounds at the Opera,and tickle their fancywithallsortsof shows; we can give them a grand summer ball in an illuminated garden, decorated after their own grotesque fashion—all this, and more, toSALOOS. B r 3 U « r - « » „ „wny.-his contest with Douglas for the United States Senatorship in Illinois, proclaimed the revolu- tionary doctrine s i x months i n advance o f Seward, in language as strong as that employed by the Senator from New York. This was ad- mittedbytheTribuneonMondaylast,whichflict with our institutions. The toleration gua- ranteedbytheconstitutioncoversawidemar- gin of religious eccentricities, and i t renuiai yet t o b e proveddhat even the practice of poly- gamy justifies legislative interference Bepog-sume some apparent order before the people.Two conventions have brought forward theircandidates and platforms, and the politicalleaders, who have yet to define their positions,are busily writing letters, issuing addresses>and calling meetings in different parts of thecountry,tofurthertheinterests ofparticular of ultimate^extinction, oritsadvocates willLincoln says "the government cannot endure permanently half slave and half free;" it ''must becomeallonethingorallthe other;"'-either the opponents of slavery will arrest the further spread of it and place it where the public mind shall rest in the belief that i t is in the courseJefferson, inalienablet o secure rights,pressibleconflictonthequestionofslavery,for whose "ultimate extinction" the republican party is organized, with Lincoln for its stan dard bearer. Seward merely took up whathispretensionstothetitleof"theindomi- SolonsoftheNewYorkCorporation, Their rimentonwhichtheeyesoftheworldareseNotwithstanding, however, his long ex- see, therefore, how the Embassycanbepro- besaid. From recent occurrences thereare taa office daring taa previous waak aad ap to the boar of desirous and determined to give their support Lincoln originated, and everybody knows that perience o f o u r N e w York audi- tected from the impending Aldermanic raid; the strongest reasons t o hope that t h evisions, wasas passed over. The ameudmentstotat ^ f " ^ ^ ^ ^ P ^ a l issue of political filled the chair of the chief magfatracy.hope Pierce was triumbillpropos,«e.dib...y.t»hke„HTousePr>os„t.O„f«fice„C„o._mm.it.t.ee I aDomionism. <Jnthathope Piercewastrium ThisIsmore than anyonecansay orthinkmessages: the public to be charged three dollars cessful of our living military heroes. General tician, who is known as the "Honest Abe Lin- again recommend to him this alteration in his with robbery; there are persons, however, who isolates its members from the rest of the com-for ten words; if the corporators do aot accept Scott had been nominated by the radical sec- coln"—honest, because he has the reputation of arrangements. The excitement that will b e are not so charitable as ourselves, and who do munity, will be got rid of without trouble, andLiiese terms within thirty days, then sealed propo- tion of the broken down whig politicians, who being as truculent as he promises, and, like created by the visit of the Japanese to Newsalsarctobeinvitedandthecontractiatobe trustedtohisgreatservicesandunsullied JohnBrown,meanswhathesays. Seward Yorkwillbringarichharvest intothegiven to the lowest responsible bidders; the liae to name to carry them into power. It was thisbe built within two years, and St Joseph la to be fact which turned the people from him. The was a refined republican, whomhis party could treasury of both houses. In order that they always well to be on the safe side; and, as the the country if every other species of fanaticismthe poiat of departure. greater mass o f the conservative vote dis- not force beyond his own judgment Lincoln may profit fully by it, it would be advisable Japanese have a considerable amount of va- contained within itself the same germs of re- TheHousenonconcurredintheSenate'samend- trustedtheinfluencesthatwouldhavesur- isexactlyofthesametypeasthetraitorwho forthemnottoclashbyplayingonthesame luablepropertyalongwiththem,itwillbea formationandcure. Tothesewefearnothing ment to the Military Academy bill providing for was hung at Charlestown—an abolitionist of the nights. By their taking the alternate evenings proper precautionary measure for the proprie but the straight waistcoat and the strong arm callingintothefieldaregimentofmoaatedtroops rounded himhadhebeenelected, andthey reddestdye,liabletobeledtoextremelengths theywilleachmanage tobringinthecrowds torsoftheMetropolitanHoteltoseethatnoAl- of restraintwill restore reason andcommonfor the defence of Texas. The bill making appro- gave their suffrages t o a comparatively by other men. Without education or refine- of strangers who will be attracted to the city sense. priations for the general expenses of the govern, unknown name. Since then these radical in- derman or Councilman is left alone in the rooms meatwastheatakeaapinCommitteeoftheWhole. fluences havedevelopedandbecome organized ment, he will be theplaythingof hisparty, bythepresenceoftheJapanese. Asthelatter wherethebaggageoftheEmbassyisdeposited.Mr.Pryormovedtostrikeout$ljtf,000forreport- intheblackrepublicanparty,andinmanyre- whirledalonginthevortexofpassionifhe willcertainlytakemorepleasureintheatrical Thetemptationmightbesogreatastoover- CriEEVER'sNEW MORALCRCSADE.—Wesee ing aad printing the debates anirproceediogs of spects the mask hitherto worn has been thrown should gain the control o f the government representations than in any other novelties come all the good resolutions which, we have that the irrepressible agitator of Union squareno doubt, the Aldermen will make in view of has broken out in a new place, and that be pro- quently, however, aa amendment was agreed upon, The Chicago Convention has thrown aside rate Western boor is odious—it is as Hyperion both houses will find it to their account to come the solemn duty in which they are about to poses a new crusade, for the purpose of rescuing ia effect that the official reporters shall confine the real leader and organizer of the party, be- to a satyr. Lincoln has in an aggravated and to a harmonious understanding upon the sub engage. Decidedly we must protect the purses Mr. Thaddeus Hyatt from the clutches of thethe season. As he will have the same compe- pay out an immense deal of money every year Ids elders will hasten to place themselves un-tition to encounter as soon as the Cortesi for a citygovernment, we have noneworth derhisguidance. Thusthemostobjectionableare—thegovernmentistopay$10,000peryearfor oftherough-spundisputatiousvillagepoli-troupecommenceattheAcademy,wewouldmentioning'.WedonotchargetheAldermenfeatureofMormonism,andtheonethatmostthai Itis inaalajared. ho tracta*Signsar NorthweoattBaiiro Thetore Trees w roofedandellqoartei Great f« boatsoat thettosevere, i anroctsd.The Btci .Kentucky. board, teg •Jtheetea at Pat totnoiring*. At NewTooted, an aad raftssUtracam Allonbahave menTheFeiThedel here this cA prooei aadnrewc streets. I and thegrTheDei etoaaldtot "tonforCoiCiincomp •pre—matt aodytadi1A trek andL titoauuoi•awbw Sftvatttf tOUM.Ko, •tatty**,! Toe scisan;r .ft aaaarKft-- askwai BootTheU! ?«**,ararrive 1excluding undelivered speeches. would have been too considerate towards thepopular with the conservative classes, while hefashionable prestige, the Winter Garden holdsprofane fingers and itching palms of our beau- tiful rulers.is a sixpenny martyr, who has chosen volun- tarily to be locked up In the Washington jail, and to wait until the Senate passes a resolutionreport of the proceedings appears this morning.of the delegations in favor of their true party no longer take any interest in the success of a most gratified b y th e representation of upon the subject There is very little belief, and th e latter Is a proper subject forreatsprostrated. ThelossofpropertyinCincin suredirectedbytheoldwhigpoliticians,whoSinscBimox FOR HORACE GREELEY.—The question is no longer who struck Billy Patter- son? but who killed William H. Seward? Apears, a battle royal between Hon, MassaGreeleyandThurlowWeed. Thelobbyope- duct,becomingdefaulterstotheamountofBnvti alone is estimated at half arafUioa'doHars.Ia the Board of Supervisors yesterday an applihave long been out in the cold o f the political climates, and who saw the possibility of slippingrations of the Tribune philosopher were inter-mitted by his duties on the Platform Committee; wondered at that the police, who are generallyIncountybondsforcarryingontheHarlemriver becauseitisnot yetknownwhetherthelastLegislatureofthisState,andthatThurlow theirdelinquenciesandsharingtheirplun-late Poetmaster. TheifaaisrWave,freightedwitharmsforPros*wttt Javts, of Mexico, sailed from Berwick's Bayt o s * S i a ? n P f ? t t Il m tiie^tafoS ^!PrefereQces, and comew h h* * * 7 representsmean purpose of glorying over the defeat ofMr. Seward, who Is afar better man in everycame—the rogues and vagabonds of the com- against t h e philanthropic Greeley. T h e munity. In the private walks of life men hsve swearing o f o u r army i n Flanders must some interest in being honest; their prospectsIphantlyelectedoverthemostpopularandsuc-A large aad overwhelming Douglas demonstra-tion took place at the Cooper Institute last even- party leaders felt that over him they could not gifts of genius which distinguish the son o f of our visiters. N o one understands betterSouth, or because others o f the more radicalhas none o f those redeeming qualities andneousexhibitionoftheconservative feelingofIn his dying agony he turned a reproachful Master Seward and other great lights o f theCheever and the governing classes evidently mean mischief.A WESTERN TORNADO.—The southern portion of Ohio was on Monday the scene o f one of thoseterrificsummertornadossopeculiarto the West, aad which, i n suddenness and vio- lence, cannot perhaps, be exceeded in any por- tion of the world. Cincinnati appears to have beenthevictimofitsgreatestfury,aswill beseenfromourtelegraphicdespatchtoday. Risinginagatheringcloudinthenorthwest,nati aad other parts of Ohio on Monday afternoon.The storm was the moit destructive that has ever the political elements which are in opposition visitedthatregion.Houseswereunroofed,steamtoblackrepublicanism,withoutcoalitionwithCaesartoBrutus,exclaimed,Eltuquoque,inglycurious.Thewirepullingwas,itap-improvement A reas^atssawas adopted directing for the deed, just as the friends o f John C.Weed would rule the kitchen, allowing no oneexcept his particular friends to have a smell at faulters, it is the system more than the indi- always presages a Western tornado, the stormmanagers of the democratic organization Heenan are raising a subscription for the a discontinuance of all aarta for violations of the are going t o quarrel among themselves,der. Ia this, asin the case of publicde- ofthatsingular andthreateningdensitywhichexcise laws where the parties take ovt and pay for American champion, who whipped the Britisher,lioaaees in the current year. Bevarai » • - - . and present rival candidates o n abstract a n d Tom Sayers. The subscription is to buy Greeley year.Bavaraiunimportant humbuggingissuesshoutproslaverylegisle-the roast Hereupon the friends o f the can-didatesotherthanSewardtookfright,and Intheworldarethepoliceappointedforpartytoe issue before the poople, iwmlnatins: men§' "dapairofpantaloonswhich Albanylastwinterhadagreatdealtodowith cians,wemayexpecttofindtheguardiansof will be long enough to cover them. The sub-The comparison between Seward and this illite- that can be exhibited to them, the directors ofCongress, bat the motioa was defeated. Subse- off.their reports to oaly what is said in order, and cause, as some o f the wirepullers assert, he virulent degree all that rendered Seward un- ject If the Academy is strong in respect to its if not the persons of the Ambassadors from the Senatorial Philistines a t Washington, nyatting, when the standard of Stephen A. Douglas asthe champion of the democracy in the approach-ing Presidential straggle was solemnly nailedtothe mast amid immease enthusiasm and excite- the artful contrivancs of a big wigwam, which own party, and served after the same fashion as demand during the stay of the Japanese.ment,andinthepresenceofagreatcrowd. Thewouldadmitalargenumberofspectators, HenryClayandDanielWebsterandJohnC. Wedonotseewhy a departurefromInstitute was thronged in every part, and large managed to get into the convention a strong Calhoun. Like them, he will become a great operatic unities, if w e may use the expres- mitted in this city, but the recent discovery of for a subject, revived him. The selection crowds assembled outside of the building, attract-wield the influence they could over a man o f smaller mental calibre. They therefore, byNew York.Seward hasbeen nowtwice defeated by hishow t o g e t u p spectacular opera than Maretzek; and this will, no doubt, be most inTHE POLICE AND THE BURGLARS.—We have to liberate him. Everybody, except a few old been a good deal exercised here for a long ladies „ of tite Garrison school, would hsveexpression of local feeling in favor o f a man historical character i n his own day. Hence- sion, might n o t b e profitably resorted the complicity of the police in Boston, and the could n o t b e more appropriate. Cheever edbyabandofmask,thebnrningoftarbarrelscomparativelyunknownoutofChicagoandforthhebelongstothehistoryofhiscountry.to,onanexceptionable occasionofsamebodyinPhiladelphiasometimeago,withispreciselythepersontoplaytheroleandthedischargeofnumerousrockets. Afull theStateofIllinois,bywhichtheenthusiasm Hispubliccareerisvirtuallyclosed. Hecan this kind. OurAsiatic visiters willbe actsofthischaracter,maythrowsomelight of Peter theHermit to Saint Thaddeus,TheYoungMensRepublicanL'nionheldameet- leaderwasoverborne andcrushed out. Theparty which hasproveditself sounworthyof incidentswithwhich they are familiarunder wesuppose,io>themind of any one,thatour anewcrusade. Being awhite man,apeddler ing at the Stnyvesaat Institute last evening, to ra.tiry the nomination of Lincoln and Hamfta. A re- man whom they have put in nomination has all him. I f he should remain in the United States other forms, and which appeal directly to their police are more pure and incorruptible than of photographs, and a patentee of improvedport of the speeches is givea elsewhere inthedangeroustheoriesofSeward,withoutthe Senate—whichweverymuchdoubt—hisfuture tastes. Thus,pageants,equestrianprocessions, thoseofthebeforementioned cities, andwe lights, Hyatt ismuchmorevaluabletitanthecolumns. our curb o f his experience i n statesmanship. path will not be that of the partisan chief. H e combats on a grand scale, and scenic illusions, hardly think it would excite much surprise if colored brethren in bonds for whom Dr. Chee-AlargenumberofthedelegatestotheChicago Months before Seward's Rochester speech, willbeaMentorinthecouncilsofthenation— mightallbeintroducedin piecesfromwhich atanytimesomeofthemembersofour police veriscontinuallypreaching. WeapplaudthePresidential Convention returned home late oa Monday evening—among them several office- holders, including Mr. Comptroller Haws, whose presence has been anxiously looked for by the par- ties mixed up in the Chamberlaincy controversy. Mr. H. appeared at his office yesterday, bat took no decisive step relative to the opposing claims of Messrs. Piatt aad Stoat The question involves aLincoln proclaimed t h e same brutal and a Nestor, to whose wisdom younger Senators bloody idea of an "Irrepressible conflict" be- will look up. The envy and rivalry which haveforce were t o b e charged with aiding a n d movement for a Hyatt crusade, and hope that them. We are not sure but that the induce- abetting criminals o f various grades, from the republicans of New York will not allownicepoiat,andtheComptrollerhasnoideaofcom- missilesintoKentuckytodisturbslaverythere. mitting himself one way or the other until he has All this Is plain and evident t o the conserva-scribed, "Hereliethe remains ofWilliamH. splendorisnotconfinedtotheAsiatics,andit longas the system ofprimaryelections,and leadoftheHon.TomHyer,aprimefriendofthoroughly satisfied his doubts. The difficulty,there/ore, has not approached any nearer solutionthan on the night of Mr. Stout's removal. The politiciansmustmakeavirtueofnecessity,andforJohnBrown'smaniawithouthispluck. the present practise patience. „Blair (old Blair, of the Globe, now of Silver Springs),present, it is not to be expected that the policewill remain exempt from the universal cor-ruption which pervades the whole class o fpoliticians,ofeveryhueandshape,andwhich ofthemovement LettheSenatebeware.the present black republican candidate for Pre- even in his lifetime, when it is found that he nosident announced his intent to go down to the longer stands in the way of the vaulting ambi- dollars thus expended would, w e believe, banks of the Ohio river, and throw abolition tion o f other men. On his tomb will be in- bring in large returns. The taste for barbaricbe dishonest, or should possess a strong means, however, let the crusaders go in force, affinity for thieves and rogues of all descrip- .and with a full representation of the governing tions. The police are a political body, and as classes. A battalion of gladiators, under thetive elements of the country, and they unani- mously reject the man who has Seward's re- volutionary ideas without his judgment, andage—done to death at Chicago, on the 17th of May, 18(>0, by the hands of Horace Greeley, of New York or Oregon, and Francis P.Blairthe other machinery whereby small politicians Seward and Thurlow Weed,might be organized, are elevated to office, continues in force, as at and perhaps, if sufficient inducements wereoffered, that stalworth defender of the bird of freedom, th e Hon. John C. Heenan, might b e induced to become the Richard Cccur de LionWehave,bytelegraph,anaccountofthera- ThenominationofBellandEverettbythe vages of a fearful tornado that passed over Cincin- Union Convention at Baltimore was a sponta-boats and railroad trains capsized, and entire fo the democratic organization. It was in a mea- Brute!"andotherconspirators. Hefell,coveredwithlook on Greeley, and, in the words of stabbed black republican party at Chicago is exceed-cation for $20,000 waa received from the Commis•toners appointed to lay out the upper part of the into warm seats through the dissensions of the number o f persons, who have discovered the but his work was done. The argument urged selected from t h e lowest class o f politi-city- Tbamatterwasreferredtotheappropriate ambitiousleadersofthedemocracy. Thusfar individual,inthepersonofHoraceGreeley, againstSewardwasthathisadministration, cians, should be in league with pick- committee,aswaaalsoanapplicationfor$40,000 thenominationhasnotamountedtomuch, havesetonfootasubscriptiontorewardhim shouldhebeelected,wouldbeascorruptasthe pockets, thieves andburglars, shieldingviduals which is to blame. In no other country3oaraed. TavZr^"i***************for•»M^yraiment-awhitecoat,apairofboots politicalpurposes;andaslongasthemember*damagingmoreorleaseveryhouseinthecity.subjects were then acted en, and taTBowaad At a new suit o f clothes to replace his present rushed, pell-mell, over t o Lincoln. Withoutswept over the city, unroofing nearly every publicbuilding,carryingawaysteeples,aadbasso on the Italian stage, and in dramaticout attractions that will suit the peculiar tastesthe severe taste of the librettist has omittedtween t h e North and South; and more than ayearbeforeJohnBrown's raid into Virginia, ticalgrave,andhiameritswill beappreciated prove as great for our country visiters it is not unnatural that the police should tionoftheirprinciplestobepassedby. Byallmadehimamartyrwill beburiedinhispoli-ments held out b y these innovations would the pickpocket t e th e burglar. After a ll, such an opportunity for the practical exploita-as for the Japanese. A few thousandSeward, one of the greatest statesmen of the is probable that just now a grand show, withplenty of action in it, would be more produc- tive to the operatic treasuries than the sweetest notes that siren ever sung.THE MASSACREOFTHEINNOCENTSATCHI-innumerable wounds, most of them in his back. CAGO.—The inside history of the slaughter o f leads to defalcations and peculations alike inCongress, in the federal offices, In the State government and in the municipal Corporation. When w e s e e government officials, high i n position, and presumed t o be correct in con-( b o t h f e U o w l ) doubt, the gross corruption which reigned a t of that force are taken from the class of politi-Hon. Erastos Corning, of Albany, and James 9.Wadsworth,Esq.,ofGeneseo,-havebecomethese- ferw-!*l* , -._curitiesforJohnA.Dix,thenewlyappointedPoat- **to» rtate ofattainthepublic attentionis - " " "°«swmcn themassacre of Seward. The wrath of bis thepeaceandproperty of thepublic leagued tnasterforthecityofNewYork,inthesumof JTM**0*8 conventionswhicharetomeetat scriptionlistwasbroughttoasbythecom- friendsisdescribedasbeingsomethingterrific; withtheclassfromwhichtheyoriginally 1150,000-douUetheamountofthebondofthe mittee,butwedeclinedtosubscribeforthetheirdenunciationswereespeciallydirectedOn the roads whole forests o f tress were torn up;steamerswerecapsizedontheriver,aad even the locomotive and passenger cars on one railroad, at the Kentucky side, were blown clear off the track. The damage dona to build- ings amounts to half a million of dollars. The tornado seems to have extended seven miles toUntitled Documentstood that our Oriental guests look forward to trlnes and the persecution to which it hasthe world, that they naturally desire stitution, Mormonism has preserved intact thegrand reservoirs and massive bridges; we can tions. Although i t s doctrines m a y n o t forceisnottobesurpassed. Thusitwillbe takethemtoourshipyardsaadgreatmanufac- be inharmony withthereligiousbelief seenthenewcompanyisexceedinglystrong, tories;wecanlodgethematthebestpointin of thegreat majority of ourpeople,baritone, and a new basso, at the fag-end of theseason,arecardsthatfewmanagerscan affordto produce. It was to be expected that after city seems to have been fashioned dread from Mormon extravagances, but fromto a conservative ticket at the next November in Mr. Seward's mouth the doctrine had a very ences, Maretzek, like other tacticians, but we hope that there may be a little more practice which gives s o much umbrageelection, and i t is the fact of the existence of different meaning from what i t had with Lin- sometimes falls into errors. H e committed, decency displayed i n their treatment than is to t h e Christian world, a n d which has-so large a popular majority against the radical coln. In his speech in the United States Se- in our opinion, a grave mistake in playing usual here. We do earnestly hope that the been engrafted on its priginal tenets by theanbaoatloa.The Wews.la Congress yesterday the Senate receded fromlu amendmeats to the Post Office Deficiency Ap-propriation, bat insisted on its ameadmenta to the ticians t o present abstract and minor dis-Consular aad Diplomatic Appropriatioa bill, aad a tinctions, a s entitling them particularly t o Seward is naturally and constitutionally a con- tation, besides, of the Italian lyrical drama, is a for, once, wear clean linen and patronise the creed. The late manifesto of Joe Smith, son ofcommitteeofconferencewasappointed. There. theconservativevote. Withtheexception servative man. Heisremarkableforhb difficultthingtobreakdown,andtheWinterJ.barber;thattheywilleschewprofaneswear- thefounderofthesect,andwho,atthesolicita-solutions of Mr Davi* respecting the protection of cool caution and his freedom from pas- Garden, notwithstanding its admittedly power- ing, bad liquor and tobacco, and that their tion of a large proportion of its members,hastiavc property iathe Territories were taken ap, aad of this division among the conservative sion. H e is a highly educated, polished ful attractions, could not hope to draw off any outward habiliments may, in some degree, ap- assumed the High PriestBhip of the Church, de-thepoliticaldebatewascontinuedbyMessrs.Hale, politicians, thecomingcontest bearsagreat gentleman, a sagacious statesman, of great considerable portion of itshabiiuis. He proximate thosewornbyChristiangentlemen nounces,in thestrongest terms,thespuriousand revolutionary theories of the black repub-nate, after his return from Europe, Mr. SewardItalian Opera o n the Academy nights. T h eAldermen may be brought to a realizing sense sensual propensities of Brigham Young and hislican party that encourages the hungry poli-greatly modified bis Rochester speech. M r.prestige of a fashionable house, the local habi-coadjutors, will soon be weeded outfrom ItsI'ugb.andBenjamin. Thelatterwasparticularly similaritytothatof1852. Thechiefcharacter- experience in public affairs, thefacile had,therefore,torelyprincipallyonfloating ofthepresenttime.ThehorrorofaJapanese doctrinewhichhasbroughtsomuchdiscreditsevere upon Mr. Douglas, as will be seen by oar istics of the political agitation are identical In princeps of the republican party. H e is ami- audiences—these composed mostly of country and odium upon the faith. Under t h e leader- report of his speech which is published in to day's their nature,* but this year they are much more of high caste at the bare idea of associatingpaper. markedthantheyhavebeeninanypreceding able,moreover,inhismanners,andbenevo- people,who,asageneralthing,preferacomedy withaNewYorkAldermanInhisnatural shipofthenewProphetthereisnodoubtthatTheHousepassedthebillprohibitingthesaleof contest,fromthefactthatthe ideas and aims lent in his private character. It is very oramelodramatothe Opera. Itwould have statemaybeimagined,butnotdescribed.public lands, except to actual settlers, until tea of the black republicans have become more years after the same shall have been surveyed.The Committee oa Elections reported ia favor of clearly developed i n their revolutionary castingMr.Barrett,democrat,thesitting member character.fromtheFirstdistrictofMheouri,andawardingthe seat to Francis P. Blair, republican. The bill In 1852 the Presidential election was, as it he were elevated to the Presidency, he would the other nights he could have given German public treasury, and converted to some mys- has become the head of "the true faith," thou-were, a grand ratification of the compromise of disappoint the hopes of the abolitionists, and Opera, which, by-the-by, paid the best of any pro riding for a line of telegraph to the Pacific waa J1850, under which the old giants had buriedbeen different had he played Italian Opera onapractice whichis abhorrenttoallthereallj sincere communicants of the Church, and to the women more especially, will be put an end to.generally believed, therefore, b y those whoknow him best, and even by his political oppo-nents,that,howeverhemayhave playedwtyh thenhavedrawn a large proportion of the of all: During the last ten years a vast Smithisabouttotake up hisheadquartersat fanaticalpassionsforpoliticalpurposes,yet,if regularfrequentersofthelatterbouse.On amountofmoneyhasbeenabstractedfromthe Kirtland,Ohio. Assoonasitisknownthathethe off nights of the Academy, for he wouldOne more point—it i s the most importantsands of those who are now disgusted with the takenupand.artersoiroexplaaaUoMaatoJtsDro-itV'i'TM""7,—"Z<\T""T*T!"1CUIbeMconservativeasanyPresidentwhoeveroftherepresentationsthathehasgivenduringpriatedforthepublicbenefit;for,althoughwetyrannyandsensualityofBrighamYoungand tillafterb u t thatwith a view to enable certain scurvy fellowsto bore distinguished foreigners at the public the excesses o f abolitionist zeal and black republican corruption w e have before us thebewellnighusedup. Heissuesfromthecon- expense. Nosoonerdoesanofficialpersonage certainprospectofthedissolutionofthefede-than ever, and establishes, beyond all cavil, United States than he is marked down by thescent is as keen as that of a bloodhound, their attentively fixed.of the virtue of soap and water; that they will,terious uses. Certainly it has not been appro-A baav)not hesitate to say that stealing is too commonthey will fall back into their places as tractable andobedientcitizens. Itwouldbehappyforabout the City Hall. In suchunatters, It iso f thiswhile In regard to the frequent bold robberies, quite forgotten th e fact of Hyatt's existence, burglariesandcrimesofvariouskindscom- hadnotCheever,whowasprobablyharduphundreds of thousands of dollars, it is not to bestrikes at the very foundation of their integrity andstability. We have nothing, in fact,te$0 •*Is n WtoW-OtCWsaW^ng^S^^— waythanAbeLincoln. Weare willing,how- have been mild compared to the anathe-depend upon their reputation, and their reputa-tion Is maintained o r lost according t o the as far east as the town of OJjiicothe, sweeping••or, to head a subscription with five ce13069www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Streetthe northwest of the city, and its effects extendFsnulton Ntew Yorkl mas uttered by the Seward forces at Chisago. 