 York, a! the Cooper Jo*fit*ute, July U. 186*0.-.•immense Long before 8 o'clock teat evening, [an iNationaljurisdiction, and enter into the National Gov- otter outlying-Territory; and eeeing how—after an .tcilhovi Wages; can no.lorgerfasten UDOUthe Consti- 'crwnxnt within, the reach of cur votes, I s".ouiu not ac<jiueeence«^ftbirty-t*wo vears, and the irreclaimable tution an interpretation whkh makes merchandise of^tBer&KofbothrexestbrongsdtoegreathaUWMeCooper Jrstitu'*- 3&oapi» *& entrsoce-fee, very prop-. ten with; eon uptiou, gaping,with fraud, and steamingverred to sanction its pretensions, the whole subject Iogl- < tiHy smdnecessarily enters into brrt^discnftstbn. If ^'\- notbeavoided;it,cannotbeblinkedoutofsight,. Nay, you miut pass upon it by your votes at the, comingpoliticaldutiesdependsimplyuponourpoliticalrespon- •sibil ties; and sim-e we are not politically responsible for Slavery in Charleston, -or m.-Constantinoule, no incoritemptuon'fiOiwegardoftboout-gushingsentimeatsof att aroused North—tnis time-honored Pi-obi-dtion was •ovei-tuined, and the vast region now known as X:m-ardsifcbe,tbetearso*mothersaDdthecriesof child- ren, into the cement of a barbarous political Power! Surely, then, in its retn-at smarting under the indigna-^|rotwasgivent>Flora'it «yic is but one cpithet tn an L-^and tbat is " * and>tlou.-'erly <-barg«td to cover tbo expenses of fte occasion, eucb an assemblage was present as faiis rarefy bean equaled, for number^ mtelfigen-e, and ontn«»itt»m. atneither piace have we any political.--duties in regard to easai d Nebraska, was opened L> Slavery; lookiV-g tion of art aroused people and tbe concurring ju igmenfe j Streceivcd a stai i wluch v. it. ljam'ent it. wherever, it exists we must, audajh*- next at tbejUgfflJr.gbill by wJiieli this was accomplished, of the civilize! world, it must dirj—it may be, as a JjJjBo-rse-racing in this ci»V•£7. 90$* '•.•''"''- :•• .••..•«.n-v--; "~"»..«.:US-) - ^^w«^^^^TM ^^^m^^"TMiJSEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, JULY 12, 1860.Wnuhington, with the single pnrp/v ^ 0f fastening which notwithstanding Slavery. Ar;d, besides, there are h pretendtofindimpossiblesanctions-forSlaveryTHE-REPUBLICANPARTY:SlivervuponthepeopleofKansas,i*s wns byexeara-. ill theConstitution.L&tenrag'totheseexti'avKgu?)Cjs, the*great examples'of the Fathers ofthe kejmb- bieeontrivante.HOarraugedasto'--eventthepeople, whowouldno:exclaimwithBenJonsonintheplay.'—iic,who,lookmgdownuponSlaveryandregardingxvh.n about to become a Stiito. ^roni voting on that question. Next, sanctioned by a convention of usurp- ers,-whoinnorespectrepreseu'^ ^ jx>opleofKan- sas; t «n fniu'duSetitly snbevi^^l t/> the people for their votes, it w;is fraudul1 t)y adopted by B uiSugballot-boxes on a stale mV)Ver before known—thnsat no question merely of cariosity or philanthropy; for law, and ale-o in its influence on society. Bud as it nj, on tiseadm esiou ol- Missouri una Slave Statei and in plantation of sRves at home; can no loDger menace the Before the Yonng Men's K»publican Union of New- tne DvUwarc Crossing, ' jvhere there were bur. focty- when the National '-'Government, wiiich you and I at if it mbdeailv kept at horn.;—if it. did not lita'.k into the coiiKderatlon. t A{.TK.0i the Prohibition of Slavery iu Territorie-s with its five-h-adtd device to competl LaborIts Origin, Necessity ft Permanence. 1 SPEECH BY CHARLES SUMtfEK,• Crave fnta*!-, he'x POHKOIU;•; agniii I nay, •Po«8»».i.t;uny,iftherebepBf«B«ioirAnd tthne.flHi'ou, lie hun- both;thr^e legal voters, 400 were returned; ;at Oxford,' the Nor li help to constitute, is degraded to b<^ its ta- where tliere were but forty-two legnl- voters, 1,000 strument,and all the National Territories are proclaimedTtw.*[ I:l4 \fcwhatever* may he the promptings oi syuip'athy' and oi ions oi tluiv'Cohiprom5sx;--in viulation ol every obliga- of human flesh and the butchers of human hearts; aud a^L^.....................j.2ii j i * gouhke philanthropy, nothing is cleaver thim that oar tion of honor, compact and good reighoriiooct, and in when it can no longer grind flesh and blood, groans fmfc owners of P:itchen at awere returned; and at Shawnee, where there were but forty legal votety.^ 1,200 were retorned; AncTyet Zhlti Cois8t:.,*if3on1 disowned by the very 'Governor who hadgonet<>KAU^SHStheagent,ofth*President',rot-..open '.o its barbarism, and the Constitution itself is-per- summon vou on this occasion to unite, against it; J0T pof efsmon byy Siaveiytf its especial share iu the provia- men, and gives a disgraceful inimunky to the brokers nart^r !..., .,,l:50j[>liwith i'aiguity, was at once recognized by the Presi- dent, arg«.un*i>on Congress in his Annual Message, and •prefaced for adoption by all the appliances of anprihei- pl'jd power.' If the words of .TugurtbA, taruiog IdsInutile is the plea. rli:<t. we $#. the North have-and of uublomiahed integrity—acting together at first— j But, though iK>t iiims. If a candidate for office, his r-ici't Athenian, 1 otighL to carry the' weapons of io.«,v forgotten', " forty bale ..theory;" knew wellsitting in the same Cabinet—which they .quitted—one { peculiar supporters; ainm^ted by Ins spirit, ItriK.-d with, Z-.us t n tl><> tongue i.Vai by i.o principle.of justii.e could -hi.-' long p'redomi-tiem has been deg.'rraeded are 1t.1he ti'itural ofil'spr ug of theelection.boThmg to do with .Slavery. Granted that we hay* nothing io do with it ill the S'ntfS; we have nv.u '.h f' do with all its irrational pretensions under the Consti-bim in all his misrule, are embodied as a party, and What then, Irepeat,is Slavery? Theoccasionfor- nance bj- explained; but he forgot to confess the secret© be^me Vice-President, and the othe- Presid^es,' ; ask your vot .-p. Simply to r<-pis' this combination, a'\ t bidsdetails; but enough must- be presentedtoplace agency. True it is that, in the game of dfiiuo and Mistamn th. i.oli'V of the Oligarchy and iu the easyWAto^n.bu*h«lnJN<3h»». b«w»keu ..(gress aid djing these—anSix was a leader i;; life, bnt ?i^t:!v tt ft. th.. iv.-i 1 blican »>ari and I than a constant state of war where the ma§t^r.is tbe have played with loaded '-dice—L/aaeti- tt;dk Slai-nry. j-.sieii Sluv-iy cpoifu diotact teni.or1and they ai'e Sr.ol'e-'t air-r.^on, at--he Sufl'o.'k Park, durinc the second Pr.ila.del- Biiekb*rri(»s, -iu»rt« .. i bin trit be weep the bay suili n Geo. M- Patehoa Rib, (for irnirli#t), taineach has become in death a grander lead v *'i!!. u.afjon osdoubt not that there ar<- manv who will be cov.teiit toMr.Calh«'Unpossessedanintellectofiouj'horiginal-Itin withnsontbi**groundalone,anxiousto-pu;IMcens'art aggrrssor. And here I pni aside.for the mo- The'tnckoJ the Automaton Che •« Hay or,.for so longa n.cnt.tillthe.taleswhichmiehusfrom'tin;houseof timeaniiu'om'prehnjisiblemarvel,has'*beenrepo.ti.edall nifirkeo by the efiroutery of Slaveryand th^ buy inure Flora Temple, were of n, mosJjQtkrio, tun*}$tjra* Tunnxxrr, caruicn loacUlute,, banbel^E«>, tunaTfce accounts of tbe Long Ulwity and boldness, and, tho-.igt-wanting i,i 'he culture jof a scholar, made himself i<I" hi council and in d«b**e. i such, wt leome !ice, making himself its ' colosaas'' on that tb>or. enee.slav< ums'ers themselves. Not on triniiphaht story, the secret is now discovered. Amid the well-arranged Fellow cit.izt.ii8, Would you arrest these corruptions,OverthroNv' the Slave Oligarchy in the National Govern- adorned by the g. nins of wOmao; not- even on indis- n hcbit cry, which i-iecumu to give, niution to.fcae vi,. mo- and the disastrous influence' fiom which they soring, to the affair. An omnibus para Jed the streets in the;K<' again iu pure hauclj. To all While this co: summation necea1 el v> een t;» s<- horses w a s n o t characterized" hy re-msiknhle mo.-ality, but, it was fondly hoped by hepatrons .of t-' e turf that tbe gambling and recklessiesawhich marked that eyent 'would not a^aiu intrude t«ted frr.m New-Yrrk city »rA rl.ems'Ives upon popular disapproval. Such was not Jiaej b3S been constantly en ;hNational •iioveruuiont;Luhble; but'such au influence cannot be comnara'du inT<» native powers unlike, hut nor, inferi |r, Air. Adams iadded the well- ripened fruits of long•experience in t'.»r- ! •present purp<.«ses <>t the Kepubiican pa'ty, while we ii.dipr.uti -u; in short, all the glimpses which have come ciy has be.m *' check.' Let.them jump toward IV - ©IJrnJaids,andofstudies morevi.ionsand cunole'ei tons from this.mighty Blue Beard'schamber. All lection, andagainitia "check.'' Lett,uemmove,to-i> fhow that the number of < ar•gain lapped, au- rtretch. aJbxta*. I t wui5JSi*wia, and th« rowdies be Prostrated, exposed, and permanently expelled from *!gered on flic mare crow ac- ill-gottenpower,theOligarchywillsoonceasetoexist *j2i>erofahundred ai^dhucitiesasapoliticalcombination.Itsfinaldoommaybepost- *-*«"-nou*lyatthobe«dar.the stnllion j brxk<\ en rerwl lengths tjhe winne-. ,gjl^ywitnessescriedsha.- whtcb I now expose. / . . domineering power ; { e.Hhnot give their history'now. driven back witfiin the States, and constrained within SJerously. j,.it as an Evil were saved from its contamination. »-o -oi its being. ..poned, hot it is certain. Languishing, it may live yet all there I render r eart-t'elt homage. Ba.. their virtues Th'e'fcoui sickens : ^ contemplating the ac's of dis- longer; but it will surely the. Yes, fellow-citizens, cannot pave fromcondemnation theeasentialwrong hotesttyrannywba^LaVe beuperpetrated bythis eurely,itwilldie—whendisappointedinitspurposes—And vow, fellow-citizens, what, is Slavery ? This is jUrSuch, frliow-citizeue, is Slavery as it appeara in its But looking at the, 0id Missouri Ccniiso'misA, funded these- limits—it can no longer rule the Republic as a rjfter tbe lapsf of a few ..,^HaSaiTolk Park, [wnibliDjf'nBROOKLY?#j at the Floral Pomenad-? 4jfr. CH-^'-K.S T. RO«-:I:S\ .PrctiAer.t of the YoungMen's Rep-.iblkur. Union, nominate* the lion. ABIJAHMANN H*th* PresioVnt «f the ftveoK^,pre8ftnth;g him into a piilitical -market-hou?e, where liieu were bought agantst tin* Republic; to, forgive t>oa'e" who trenpaes poVrers of the Aa ioeiil Government—even those of hi-, o e iptamvus counterfeit, though repudiated1 bv It only' remains that we *>-ould sneed these good, ijjej are to rea»aombV» on tia political lueetin* in the City of New-York.. Tho hack upon Kome, oannot be.'repeated, that all hod a tution, and juptso long as these irrational pretension^ while inspired by these sentiments most resfwitliiu the fevfly frf e to form their domestic insUiutions iu their Meanwhile, all gor;d omens are ours. The work are rir"od, Slavery must be discuBsed. It must be laidplatform was filled; ths seat* were filled; <$a lobbies •price, n was not from any,forbearance—in the Presi- baro in*its enormity, precisely as though it wore [)ro- landmarks oi the law-and.the Constitution.. own way' —andueeJDg, how, in spite of thes4 express cannot stop. Quickened by tbe triumph now at hand-werepackedtooT*erflowing.When Mr. Sumner made && entrance, the anplatisewas deafening. Alt preset rose to the"?* feet, giving •cheer after cH^-r; ladies w i v e d their>.a'>.dkercbie fa, and seemed a* excised as the rest-dent.Asingleeditorwasofferedtbeprintingoftin;•tK»edtoplantit,heroinNew-York.Norcansu.«ha Andherethefieldinample.Indeed,ifSlaveryox- we.rds.tbe-conragcoiissettlerstherewerelef.aprey—witha.RepublicanPresidentinpower—StateaferI'ost-Office blanks,-worth at least $80,000, upottthc con- wrong—-fonI in itself, and fonl'or.still in its preteusioas js-ual.nowli.TO within the n-.tioiia.ljuriadict.-oa, asicelear- to i?vadiDg her dee from Missouri, who eutering'the, Slate, quitting tbe condition, of a territory anls*>nrniugdition that he should, by an editorial no larger tbau a _ b e dealt with ttimely. Tanioness is. surreuderi H tlo.-.s, our duties would ttill be urgent, to grapple ^virf\ Terrifory organizt:d a Ueuip-.rion, which by positive Slavery, will be w-deotce-d inti our Plural Unit, and, far. Bnoojcurif HoRTirr man's hand, promise substrvinncy to the"Administra- and charity, too, rnay bo 'misapplied. Forgh'- •that pernicious influence, which-through ;u> Oh.garckt.- jaw proceededto ih.sren 'avery upon that be-tuoi'ni jo;niog bands together, will become a belt of fire girt i^of $i-'6o 20 w« leali^ed H tion. Bribes of office were mldc-a to bribes of.uioaoy. ing. those who .trespass' against hs, T kuoy cal Continuation of slave rnastms, iiiiktiown to the soil end to surround it witra code of death; looking abou', the Slave States,wit bin which Slavery muv. die;A? the votes of electors had already been pur-viia-d to r.r't if we ;n-e called to forgive those who lr.:s- CotistJ'utiou, never •antitiiptited by its founders,, and et the Lecomptou Constitution, that mas'er-piece of or, happier still, joining banns tocretbnr, tbey will be-existing in defiance of their example, has entared into : makeMr.BuchananI*residenc,.thevoesofllispre-,,puss against others; to forgive those whe wicledcontrivance,bywhichtinssame,people,in comeu->the.S*''ave-SJ—taur'esa/.oneofFreedom,radianttrit n-ef. the peculiar pro-flig-i' y of Eiiiil:<)u iill!-e enrnu'ative,, crusbitig 'e-ithuoiv, Jik^ wnh similar sueee-iS. Let'lhe Fnv Suites make a b.r jatiod to tie dem'.rulizaiion oi the Sou l S-afrom slavfs and from their masters; >dl tbo barbarous move on the botud, and. the Slave Suuos have said ' iincid'tii's wl ii h Lave In In-.d f'-> aiouse a" pec t>-. fwble "check." I>< t tiiom strive for Free-Trade,, anil the mis r.spe<t to Slavery, which it: leetl.it it we e nor. acrime, might well be called a Bubble. But a Govern- xiit.f which -cii.dicatesthe»;aleofhumanbeingsneednaturally, fcegih bv insisting upon purity in the Govefn-than those of any public, man in our hist -ry, beside *ri • men.t, and make this one of"bur urgent demands, it i» these I put aside*, not because they are .of litt.)o.*:i.o- ward Internal Improvements, and the cry. is •siill not hesitate to purchase the vote of an elector at t le the cnse yesterday afternoon. The fol'ies of the 4th ^Xjyears- For instance,' tueindomitab'e will', and that spirit or" freedom which in- i obvious that the quickening impulse of the party is to uieTit iii exhibiting tho true character of Slavery, but. "ih'-ck." Wl.et.hvr forward or backward, to tm; po is, or ol a u-enroer oi congress. Tinb*t- two 'reus ic- of July were magnified into deeds of brutality and jjjbpcd dtiringspirt-d his.father when in the Contiaent!jl Congress he i be found iu other purposes,'which cannot pass away because I'desire to arraign Slavery on grounds- a»ovo right or left, wherever t,h-y inoveo, the Free Staves lioiie \i< long c'o.bhe satiefamily, though uiiriuestionably wiikedness which ho community should tolerate.•o eloquently maintained the Declaration of Ealepend- j in a single election. Che Republican party seeks to all controversy, impeachment or suspicion, even from' have been pursued by an inexorable •'.check.'' But the lnf t is the least reprehensible. Abut dant preparations had been made to give (daiTb< year ^rdtng Marrh ?,1, IBS The year ending March 31. Tho year »>yijing March *J1 IKJ Tk» N<»*rending March 31 Th* j< «r esding Mtfca 31 Via Th**year oadmg Matcl.3! \3tShtmg toge'her in the Cahiner, of Mr- Mnnroe, they,concurred &'aanctio.ning the Prohibition of SUverytn t siens in the Tcrritoru s, which through a corruptanter? •pn'able facts do I now acins'"' Slavery; hot on iw rions chess*payer,' was concealed a vtotiix for:.c ii;volv-ihg-nothing Jess than civilization on this coutt- placed in all prominent positions. Special arrange-th« M's^^ri Territory UHcoostitutibual, and so adv^**! the T^sidett.' B:it h^r^ the divergence probably be- gan—though for a. 1-ng time it WU8 not made ro ui't'cs . The Diary of Mr. Adama sbovra that at \lhif e *rly d-.y, wben Slavery had bfen lUtl«i dincu-sed, he guv its enoind y witn instinctive hmskneM, and descabed itpretation of the Constitution', it. threatens tS barbarize cbaracter as repealed in i's own simple.definition of' wbi'h has hot been, estimated—the Slave Power, it n.nt, tbcliepub nan party ttl s you how, H';d in tel- ments were made hy U-e Suffolk party with the Balti-j Ui(-i.t, and especially a', fc.it. moment to 8t;iy its.aggrea-niomirg, with musi- atid placards. Posters werewith S'avery. But ii!l who s»iek purity in the N'ational its*' If. Out of its own month do I condemn it ib tin. Slave tvwer which baa been tile perpe .uai victeir, lng}ouliow, it vineici'' s at ot.ee ics origin and its more and th«> Darby cars to convey, passengers to thoj Government must, uuite'in this purpose; loroidy by }>y the Uiv> of Sin cry., man createu iu t\\o intas» of saying alwaj s " check ' to the Fr-eo ocate's. And it is necessity. The work u.list.be dope, and there is no grounds, and, by the ruorn-ng trains from New-York, AJiMY AND NAVY Kiho overthrowof- this corrupt Oligarchy, wiiich begin- God, fearfully and wonderfully made, with seusibilities the Slave Power which, according to the boa&L of .blip' o her.organization by which it eau be done. A'-party numb, re ot thimble-riggers, gamblers, and pickpocketsI ning in the denial of a'l Luuian rigu'.s, necessarily of ji.'eat'Ui" and pain, vejth sentiments of Id've, with as- Senator, fas governed tne wmbtrv. with suci. an o.igin and such a necessity cannot be for came to ibis city. jk-ietaebment of United :-•shq'tss itself in barba-ism and corruption of all kind^... pirations for improvement, with a sense of proptrty, •Tneactual number of slaveholders.was' for :>, long a day or f«*r thin election only. It cannot he le-ss per- -withcorresj-ondiugforce.Trorecordi»»!e^sfailwithcaiiabetterorderofthingsprevail.Itisoutofandwithasotillikeourselves,iadivestrdofhishumantimeunknown,andonthisaccountwas1'iatura'jye.x-maientthanthehostileinfluencewhichitisformedU) TheteiglborboodoftheBineBellpresented,at tkecityto-dayforCarlisle, regnjd to >lr. Calhoun; but when iu ia'.er life tn-y ao- Slavery that all our griefs, proceed; nor can the cbr- character, and declared to be a mete ckuittl '• to .ill i".- ngg'.-raicd. It was often represented' to be very great. conlut-met. 'J|e.efur»-, just so long as »he present time o'<l«'< k, a picturesque and busy appearance. A prepared for sejvice in the VV"<pe»r»-d one in the Senate, and the other in the House t.-nts and purposes whatsoever," I do not s'.op iogive Ot. one-occasion, a distinguished representative from false theories of Slnve-iy •):•••> •••' Whether concerning great,r-wmb«*r of ownibnsses and hacks were arrangedinptionsot tbe present Administration be fu'ly com itV. < ha racier, morally, ei..i.«.iutcyUy atid socially, or at-thc Suffolk cross road, to take passengers frOm tin=> pjiclted ia charge of Lieutof Representative, each ooerily aesnaie^d the- posjtt-on preiiended witiiout considering the nature of tins Evil at length all its odious words; you are donvtless famil- jnasracbincus, whoso name will be eyes cherished fu- / Darby cars, down to the track, and hundreds, of jwrtice.by wnicfi le will be known,in h'mv>ry—one as the and its chronic influence ov. r <>nr Goveinment, reach-, iai W'HII them. B'H in this simple detiui'.i >n r< cort- nis, devotion "o human ri-('Jt^—I mean the 1 itj :1 raat cone, rniig its prerogatives under the Co-..sti*utiou, justJ^adtr in all- the pretensiDr.s of Slavery an-fof slaver intr everywhereby eubtle agencies or .more subtle far- luined ibe wbole'inca^culable wotig of Slavery; for fthmr.—was md'-i.) interrupted on the fl >,r '.('• Co..- bd long as the SbivC Olig.nhy, win.-h is the si eplesij j. ekej s, with t«ao>8 and sjians of a more or less fancy Tie War Department is abo. J-mvw »er marsbab d themselves about the hotel. Thehacks'were cha-k«d in a choice orthography—"For of troops for the garrieoning<twypost at thej Big Wis:masf-rs, ai.-d the other ns the champion of Freedom. reaching example, but ttill in itself the oiigiusd and out of i<.as fioni an. m. xliAnstible founUiin, a<-e derived gi»ss bv a member from Ala', iina, who Averred tu'--tMr. CVihoun.regiirded Shisrery as a perm;t,n«!iti:i-'i- all'snlticient-Hctivitj. As well attempt to expliia'he nil the ut/righteon.- prerogatives of tbe master. -Theso the number Cf alaveboldera ^asasmauy as 3,000j0i>0 continues io e.Mst as.a pobtu'al powi;r, tha li-pablicantntion; Mr. Adams regarded it as transitory. Mr. Cal G'ilf Stream v itbout the Gulf of Mexico, or t'ac origin are five in number; and 1 know not which is most re- At that tin e theie v us no oflitial d >cumetit by which j.any mustend are. It bad'iuen conspire for SI-tvery, the l<a*e,s,'' Everybody talked " horse." Every-houn vnonted it, as a form of civilizafioo; Mr. Adams of Kvil without.tbe human heart, as attempt to explain volting. this extravagance could be env-ced. Bu^_at last we goo-i ni« r. must combine tor Freedom; nor can the Hoty body ln>d money to Wager. Everybody was partially Biv«r, which has been rend*scorned it as an nrquestionable barbarism. Mr. Cal- the present degraded character of our National Gov- First, there is the pretension that ,nnth ran,hold pro have it. The :ate c«Urns,War be ended until the barbarism no•» dominant in th« tipsy, and even body made considerable noise.depredations committed on em Tie 5tJi Regiment of Inf:.:-.::houn did not hesitate to call iithe-tcoe' stable bisis for free go vera oien t; Mr. Adams vehemently denoaoced it as a :ursey full of v.eakue>s and mockery and doubly offensive in a boastful Republic. Mr. Calhoun, not content with thus exalting Slavery, proceeded to de- nounce the early opinions of Washington and Jellarson as ''folly ar-u drlosion," to assail the self-evident troths ot the Declaration of Independence as " absurd," and then to proclaim that human beings a-e property tu der the Conatiomion, and as sut-h, may be transport- edin:otheTerritoriesandtherehe.din.Slavery;whileernment without Slavery. As well attempt to enact'rfyin man, forgetful that, by a law 6|d-,r.. than al the whole number-of. thistaken in 1850, shows thatpeculiar elms—<-.mbracinglU'public is overt) rowii «"*"*• •'*••"• l'^and ;he Pagan power-is drivenT' e r< lid. leadiog from the Blue .Hell down te theP^rk was intolerably daety and, disagreeable. ,Fa«fcsulkeys and-trotting wagons dashed the du^t into andH, of the 10th Enfentry smoky clours, and bewildered the ped'-strians. Thethe play of Othello without the Moor.me to say that our warfare with these corruptions Will be feeble unless we attack them in their origin.'And when th s triumph is won,to vindicate it. In the Corivei tion wiiich framed thelosis of every civilized association,. stuck'togcLher onlyAnd.permituman law. foremost stands the indefeasibleright ol u.en, woiren, and cliildiv.ii, all told, who are so u-iior-e:every n an to himself.Secondly, the abkohUr. ri.nl/-fication of the relatiohof number, the hug- part-me s iia.l slaveholders, leavingfrom our Jcr'isaleihse. uni'g the immediate obje; t of our organization, the Ivej ul Lean party wilt not die; but. nurined by its looftherrlafiunnullifirationMr. Adams added to the gl^>ry of his long a »d dive.vi- these generous voices came from the South as wall as of parent and child ; .for the infan*. legaliy belongs, has. bv the confession of olio ot". its o'\yi» le.i'n.'-n, f.»r heart is >arge enough to embrace the broad ..Republic tigbr'y under tbeir teeth. They wtre not ^nch char-,tion,"ormoremildly .-ailedsimply "wrong," ami' I'ttirdlyi I'lf absolutefied career, by persistent efforts, whi.;h are better for• from the Ncr:h. Out of the Convention there was a sim- no* to the mother who bore it, but to the master who six y years governed-the'Republic. To tuis end and all its peopl.—him you will elect President; ami acters as a timorous man mignt pray to see upon ahia fame tian having been President—upholding the ilar accord. I shall not quote the words of .Washing-' bought it. two. things have concurred. First, its associatrd Hannibal Hamlin of Maine, "^whose clear bead, firm lon«-ly road.givat righis of petition and of speech; vindicating the ton, JrfferFon, or Franklin, or Joy, for they arc familiar Fourthly : Tk>- absolute denial of instruction ;' for wealth, being the -asbTM.d value of its human 'flesh, principles, and ample experience none who sit wi h The scenes about tbe entrances to the Park were notinnate as to lio-d slaves—was only •(•17,000; and of thisF«¥-Mexi<x>, as ordered, c "irere pro*ceding via Salt (.'re.tith higher life, it will vioua's. Many of them were boys already recklessit by glimpfecs only. .are delivered over to concubinage or prostitution, it slaves ana the 6ut>eU»niu»l repi'tsenuiii<es of thi^ CULSM. be lilted to.yet other efi'orts for the good of man. and neglected. Tbey panted wearily through the dust 3Wi:of June. The selection « At the beginning of onr history, Shivery was nniver- may be with each other, or it may be with their tins o'-a; And yet this s'n.'ill Oiig.trctjy, odious in origin, witmui, At present the work is plain before us. It is simply and he.iii, with pants ro led up over coarse boots, and SWes'iitatc.l by the inabilit; ofThe subject is so vast that 1 can nnddrtake to expose husband and wife, So that alf who are allied slaves only 91,000 te-sons as the o .vners.of the great, ma>s ofaaU\ admitted to be au Evil. Nobody thei so iiardy as but with whomsoever it may be, ii is the same, for with tiny inundation in. that justice which is tne essential to edect our candidates: Abraham Li&colu of •Illinois, lair cut to the scslp. There were likewise morederthjed re-ad open for then 'fife-cial advices from t'.e FHU f3»'!LT.fe.steamfiiuateSaruria-Ptttmaby the sloop'^of-war, St 88»Francisco to be oycrnanbdslaves marriage is impossible, as they are always Constitution, it was branded as *'a nefarious institu-^ '•' coupled," never married,.who-*' ability so conspicuously thdwo in h;s own S'*t*jby confederacy in all the flue-headed wrong'of Slav- attra ted at once the admiration of the wnole comtry; toward the track. Frogmen s of red shirts could be"Ds^ Na\*y Departjiient h.is setf-evident trutr.sof.the Declaration of Independence; to all. But as they spoke others spoke, and I might oc- the master may always, at hi« own rude discretion, conetitutir g a flagitious capiUil of two thousand mil- bin. in the Senate Chamber can contest—him you will leis vivid. Crowds of disaffected ruffians, unable or S^bridge, of the Brazil Squaejt posing the hateful character of Slavery;, insisting. cupy th;s whole evening simply in reciting this testi- prevent his Victim from learning to read, and tnim shut .lions of doihus; and secondly, its peculiar representa- ele. t. Vice-President. Electing thece, we shall put the unwilling to pay tbe gate money ($1 per heid). stood upon its prohibition in the Territories; denying the as- mony. Nor were these declarations coniimd to* men upon him those gates of knowledge which open sn.-h tion" in the House of Representatives, where', under National Government—-at lev,s'. in in* Executive de- in groups, cursing the doorkeepers and threatening toeo'ted property in man; and tspecially and often ex- in public life. The Colleges all, by special action,' ar- vistas rn earth and in Heaven. And • ,. tbe' three-fifths rule of the Constitution, ninety mom- purtment—openly and actively on the side of Freedom^; break into the grounds by force. The Baltimore cars hibiting the unjust power in the Natio ial Governooent, rayed themselves against Slavery, especially the Uni- Fifthly: Xhr abfolut.?* robbery of lh-> Ihhor ftf' a«- \ ore* actually hold tiieir sed's by virtue iu part o.f. t-'iis and ibis a'one will be of incaleuiahle influence—not. brought down about two thousand roughs, aad hnn-ic is some talk of a. Un;-e Prince of Wale.?, bit eon ntfjosd on the s-'bi- c* accompaniea the Fri ce,SffiSe TJ. S. stean: frigafe >f-usurped by what he-called "the litsle cluster'' of sluvo- versity t/f W'iliiatn and Mary, in Virginia, which con-m»«t«T9, whose yf>ke was to him intolerable. ferred upon Granville Sharpe, the acknowledged chief Such, most briefly told, were the antagonist opinions of British AbolitionistsJ the honorary degree of Doctorcth'r and of all its fruits ; forgetful that l»v the s;nn'>. flugiticus capital. Thus are the slavemasters an onor- enly in itself, but as the hurbuiger of-the future. d-reds of carriages came by tbe way of Penrose Ferry Oiigii.al law nuder which every rvan.has a title to him- n.ous corporation, or joint stock company, by the Shlo Fit stand foremost, we shall nave the Territories from Bridge.selt be h«s also a title to*the bruits of his own labor, of wh-ich the United States Hank with its pc'ty thir y the live-headed barbarism of Slavery, keeping them iu, Once inside ihe Park, and the confm ion multiplied.of these two chiefa Never was great courlictd^scined to of LawB. The Literature of the land, such as h was, amounting in it*elf .to a sacred property, whic'1 no ndbioijs of capital, and without any peculiir repre-. involve a great country more distinctly foreshadowed. agreed with the Colleges. The Chorea, too, udd*l itd person, however calb-d, whetiier despot or ,m;u>ter, ciui sent*'ion, is dwarfed info insignificance.The old novelfdescriotious of gambling hells and countryM e of the vefsels detaih-<j uAll that the Republican party now opposes may be found T.owexfnl voice; and-here, amid the diversities of re-i s John C. Calhoun. All that the Republican party i ligious faith, we hail that unity of spirit wiiich aui-TKTO maintains may b« found in John Quincy Adams, j nutedalL Quakers, Methodists, Presbyterians,- andChoose ye„t fallow-citizens, between th-a two. The i Corgregatiouahats seem almost to have vied with each S an(Js forth HMH hateful asscm-eutge. of anque»siyaahN ,graved on the rock, while the winds will whi-per it in <h»- trc< s, tliM-rivirs will murmur it in thtir flow, and all i.inure echo it. in joy unspeakable.rule of " Principles,' and not men" is hardly .applicabld other iii this pious tesumouyT to a man whose life now bears the sacre^l seal of deuh,wrongs undrr the sanction of existing hiw. Take in the Supreme Court—seem to have be«-n almoot per-away any one of thes*-, and just to that extent Slaveryfamy of the slave-trade,, wh >ae opening auew, as now twenties. Their n ulotte tables were planted, one ad-Tbe Constitution was adopted, but the word "slave"not b»-8itate to say that *ur cause is best appreciated was not allowed to po'lut<a its text; and this was in question will be settled. Bat this ;is?«embluge becomesn.enticed, is, ii deed, but a logical cons^qiiHuce of thepriually in their bards. At this mo'.i.eut. t»w Free Ut/.w theories of Shivery. It Slavery b-the " bless- joining tlie bar. inside of r.he hotel, and two beneath aand whose name ia the synonim of principle; yet I doia ii* precise objects and aims. Proud as we may oe declared deference to the prevailing opinion, which re- more hateful still when ito unmiutakable singl*. motivegarded Slavery ae temporary, destined w.ontonassthere is a guide of more commanding authority found j away. All looked forward to this gUd day, wuich without wages. Incredible as it mty so-m, it cannotcent, and th'y who. ply'it with the fi*trce*>t activitymust take tiieir places among the missionaries and gun bling hostel's were in full play, while the city de- ••tor mi-stirg in June. TU> w a d where John Quincy Adams l«ads the way.is detected, which is-Simply this—to cdmp-l Labor, be deitied that the right of a man.to himself—the rii/htof a husband to bis wife—the right of a parent to hischild—tbe right of a man to instruction—the right of aman to tbe fruits oi his own labor—all these supremerights, by the Bide of which oilier rights are petty, are Stat«s. .These instances are typical. There is nothingin tbe National Government which the Oligirchy doesnot appropriate. Down bj this roomtnt, it has noid thekeys of every office, from the President vo thehumblest Postmaster, compclliDg- all to do itsicctives watched the proceedings with a coolness alliad Si, 2 ships. 1 bark, \ brig to infr»st.Beemed to be auHost at hand, in harmony with this mandates of the Constitution i»elf, when properly j expectation, Slavery was prohibited in all the existing; territories of the Cuion, BOthat when Washington, assail ts of humanity. ,Next.we shall save the Constitution, at least withinin the eternal laws of Right, and tbe concurring IExorbiumt rates were demanded at the bar for4**re wrecked, I s<unk b asaidoned, 1 cspji/.ed and tbe Veso's v*e^tim.tU d -tv•*interpreted, which teaches the duties of a good <-i',bs«n.gocb is the guide of the Republican party, which, Isay fearks»dy, where most known| wdl be mosttrusted, and which, wben understood ui its origin, will Constitution, the flag of the Republic nowhere on theifirst President of the United States, at his inauguration | here in New-York, took his first oath to support thelimstlf te thst wildest pretension of the Slave Oligar-chy, as Air. Buchanan has. noun, bv d-itlaring tht,t positi-n, and gambling was carried on under the eyes gess. The following ia a c<>mtrampled down, in order te organize that ftoe-hcaded he seen to be no accidental or fugitive organizatipn, tingle slave. Little then did the • FaUiera dream that Belfisnness, practically maintained by the lash, Which,Slavery is curried uu ler the Couotitution in- of 'he Jndges with perfect impunity.Josses repor.esi during theland within trie jumdiction of Congress covered aBeyond dust, the »ra.k was in excellent condition, in Kansas lis firmly as in Sou'h Caroliua. bard, and finely rolF-d. Some difficulty was experi-merely for an election, but an irresistible ueces-dty,whi<-n ia the nature of tning>», roust be as permaueut as they exerted themselves to prohioit, would elevate its sony LAitOK WITHOUT WAOKS.th« pretensions, moral and political, which it seeks to obscene crest, as it now-does, and flaunt its pretensions That Slavery thus constituted, can be good for the constrain and counteract. before the world. Little did they dream that the Con- niHster, is one of the hallucinations of the system—Let us dwell, then, on the Republican party, its ori- • stitution, from which they had carefully excluded the Bometbtng like the hallucination of the opium-eater. Fas- gin, ir8 neeesei'V. and its permanence. very void, would, in defiance of reason'and. of com- cinating, possibly, it may be for a tiuie, but. debusing All must admit that if no Republican party existed mon SenfcOy oe he:d to protect the tking, so exception- and destructive it must be iu the end. .Tuut tlaveraa-*-the Evil which they regarded with shame, and whichlook at it as you will, has for its single Object DoMPUir.-jJimarr'..drippings from clerks and petty officials, was swollen. American continent; and surely a proper gratitude for simple truth, in its most general application, illustrateshy tne larger contribu ions of merchants and contract- the advantages which we enjoy in st'ch large store the condition of the slave*master. How can he showors, and with this a camulation vot^s were purchased from these two discoveries must prompt ut to iucreased sensibility for the common rights of fellow-citizens, wtioin Phuadelpb a, ep»ugh to turn the election in that. activity for the welfare of those who, alas ! have beiu Sacrifices daily the most s.cred rights of or, era'" merely ical function whatever, not even for the local officeCon<<xp.>nd<iac<»«fTho1M.YV . MIM<great metropolis, and iu the chain of cause and effect, such loi-ers where ,'we have been such gainers.to secure UIOLT inl.hout wages. With him a.ftise stanVlard is lec-essarily established, bruiging wi h il a bluuled moral sense, arid clouded' nercep'-ionV, so that w h t n he does something intrinsically bai-bdVoua orof PotjinioBter. What I now say amid your natu-ral astonishment, I have often said before inaddressing the people, and I have more than ouueuttered from my seat in the Senate, and no man there in geometry or morals, to be'universil. As an ab-to a?8uxe tbe triumph of she Democratic ca ididace. I apeak now oriJy what has beeii proved. Fraudulent naturalization papers in blank, by whijh this was per- petrated, have been produced before a Committee of Congress. It was natural that an Administration thus corxnpt in origin, should continue to exercise power through the «ame corruption by which power was gained; but nothing else than Jtiat ins^usibil ty to acts of shame, which is bred by familiarity, can ex- plain bow all this should be done with such absolute mdecency of exposure—wearing scarcely so much as aAg-leaf-A letter from a local politician, addressed to thePresident him self, urging without disguise the giving ofa large contract for machinery to a particular houee iuPhiladelphia, employing 450mechanics, with a view tothe approaching election, was inclosed, to the SecretaryT< is change of opinion, so oisastrous in its results,•was gradual. Though ea-dly detected, in its succes-sive stages, by the careful inquirer, it d.d not becomemanifest to the whole c mntry till 1820, when it burstiorth iu the Missouri question.- Then, lor tne firsttime, Slavery openly shon-ed itself violent, 'in-solent, belligerent. Freedom was checked, butsaved something by a compromise—called, atthe moment ,of its adoption, by Charles Pinck- ray of unerring facts; all these I miglr- employ. And .—first in war, first in peace; first in the hearts of his this principle, tho Republican party have a grateful atl n of rate thereafter. Duri- g tbe mile aud a quar-having a trade in the s taillion« ^wr annum. N< rv bar>.a find a market he e Chariest or Railroad. To load, asw having a tbrou.n'ey of Soutli Carolina, -'a triumph of the South," 1 might proceed to show how this barbs rius influencecountrymen, could not have been created generalissimo duty to which they are moved alike by justice tea ter and mile and a half the horse kept himself thewhere, in consideration of the admission of Missouri asa Slave State—thi.s securing an additional preponder-ance to the Slave Power— it was stipulated that Slav-ery should be prohibited in certain outlying territory, a vulgar domination. . Bnt I thall not open this at the time trodden only by savages. Then came a chapter. . - ' • ' • ' •much-injured race, excluded from' its protection, aud leader by three lengths, and reached the score morelull, during which the change was still at work, until cotemporaneons with the abolition of Slavery iu the British West Indies, th.e discussion was lighted anew.O secure the'invaluable alliance of that an<-ient king- dom; nor could John Jay, as first Chief Justice, have Kmt to our infant judiciary the grace of his name and character.the Declaration of Independence,' stultifting the Fa- Three quarters thers for no other purpose than to clear the way t\>r...1:453 fwo ailtoa ...2:224:51J ' t h «.Bl*^andcorneclit.Mr m^f '? *halapu fanehuiPhis dceanot beceae th.-, ^^Jfowausegreatt*ine^rtp procpect wt- Whesfl w»s not a« larec Horqtiaiiy. CorniTn ,dBut there is one frightful circumstance, unhappily of frequent occurrence, which proclaims so clearly the character of tho social sybtem bred by Slavery that I shall be pardemed lor adducing it. I refer to the roast-masters had become more decided hi opinion. At first, ing of s aves alive at the stake; one has been roxst d attention of the Secretary of the Navy. J. B." Thus in timid deference to tbe world, they ventured on no oiuy recently; not after a puulictrial, according to the d d the President oi the United. States, in formal writ- defenee-of Slavery in the abstract; but at last, bolder forms of lawyas «.tthe fires of Smith field, ba by alawlese ten words, now of record in the history of the country, grown under the lead of Mr. Calhoun, they tnrew crowd, suddenly assembled, who in this way m-ike aside all reserve, openly assailed the opinions of the themselves the ministers of a cruel vengeance. This Fathers, audaciously denied the self-evident truths of Barbarism, which seems to have become a part of the the Declaration of Independence, and by formal reso- customary law of Slavery may well cover us all withtheir live-headed system of Compulsory Wages.Laborwiiliout-. The crowd in frmt were agitated at the defeat of their favorite. They accused the Judges of illogti Bcoring, and indulged in a number of picturesque fig'its of a rough-and-tumble cast. Nearly an hour elapsedof tbe. Navy, with this indorsement, in.a well-knownhand-writing: " Sept. 15, 1858. The ineloijed letter Meanwhile slaves -bad 'augmented in price, and slave-"from Col. Patterson of Philadelphia is submitted to theStandir g on the bent necks of an enslaved race—withfour millions of human beings as the olack marine Ca-ryatides to support its power, the Slave Oligarchy erectsitself into a lordly CuBte which brooks no opposition.Bui when I speak of-Caste I mean nothing truly polite;ai d when I speak of Qligarcby I mean nothing truly in the National Goven ment; in vain you seek im-aristocratic. As despotism is simply an abuse of mon- provement of rivers and harbors; in vain you seek bad been given. Patcben, however, broke at the start,righteously appropriate.Such are the five .essential elements of Slavery.I feel humbled when I dwell on tho amazing dispro- portion of,oiBces usureed oy this Oiigaichy. From the Ix-ginnii g, all the great posts of the Republic—the Pr.-si- Osu. y", the Vi<e-P;csider.cy, seats in tt e Cabinet, sea sstood inside the truck. a"d it was surround.Hl on ail sie'es bv gau ble's and sharpers of every description. Four exptrt thimb'e-ngge.rs, by means of their ' decoy*»^olk on Monday. \\'bcu si bs feu- of our ration* 1 fetei^melMARINEMARIHX LOSSJ3 laere w^r« btH lOArriLook at ti.em, and you wiJl confess that this institutionwiW cease to exist. Take away all, aid '-h*- S'avorylarge tr«e. Tbe number of lotteries, sweat-cloths, >hrce-card morres, etc., was great. Not less tlian 20promote the iiitereats of mankind. And it subsidizesnow—even if that halcyon day so often promised by ally that it could not be reached by Congressional pro- ters should be violent and tyrannical—that they should the national press, alike in the national capital uud in does not exist—and plainly said to its author, asinipeared to be tbe Mogul of the gronud. A number of Bah imorraiis came expecting 'o witness the las', triumphI•l I fW•I31Icajoling pol'ticians had come, when the Slavery ques- hibition, even within Congressional jurisdiction. Lit- be regardless of all rights, especially where Shivery tLc r* nie-test villag* s of the North. „ laria-ni quasri* (You ffatlier a**'» troolj Ition was settled—still there would be a political neces- tle did they dream that the text, which tney left so pure was m qnes'ion—arid tnSt the higncr virtues of charac- In mainta ning its power, the Slave Oligarchy has Next we shall help to save the Declaration of Inde- 'of their favorite mare, which, it was rumored was gity for a great party of Opponi'don to act as a check on and healthful, would, tht-ough corrupt interpretation, ter should fail in them—all tins might be inferred, applh-d a test for office very different from that of Jef- pendence, now dishonored and disowned iu its eseen- never to make a subsequent entry in any 'race. th« Administration. A kindred necessity was once ex- be swollen into such a h;deous Elrpkanlia.su. even in the- absence of evidence, according to tho irre- ferson: " Is he honest 1 Is be capable ? Is be faith- t'uil hit-giving troth—tbo Equality* nf"Man. This Geii'lemen from New-Jeisey and from Roeheeter, pressed by aii eminent British s atesman, who gave aa sistible lawB of cause a-.d etfect. No man can do injus- Uantcendent principle, which appears twice at the Cre- N. Y., likewise attended to.hail the appearance of3 31 34 WRECK ».i N A * 5 A C ,a toast, " A strong Administration and a strong Oppo- T w o circumstances, civilizing in themselves, have ex- tice with impunity, • He may not sufl'er in worldly ful to the Constitution'!" These things are till forgotten ation— fust, when God Raid, " Let us make man in ourIVcben.Both horse and mare were iu glowiug condition.The prints of Flora in circulation do not do her justice. She is by no means the lean, raw-boned, uncouth crea- ture which she is represented to be. ' She has ffreat depth across the flank, and bears evidences of substan- tial treatment. Patcbeu is several shades darker. He lms heavy herofs and large limbs. The " Queen of tbe Turf" is of very diminutive size compared with him.sition." Parties are unknown in deapotic countries. ' They belong to the*machinery of free governments. Through parties, public opinion i« concentrated and di- rected. Through parties principles are maintained above men. And through parties, men in power axe held to a just responsibility. But if ever there waseccasion lor such a pai^y, it is now, when the corrup- tions of the Administration ha^e been dragged to l:gnt by recent Committees of Congress. On tDia ground aJonv, good men might be summoned to rescue the Gov- er*men^ of our country.ercised an unexpected 'influence for Slavery; first, flic condition; but he must suffer iu.his own nature. And now in the single question, which signaliz« s the' great own image,", and, secondly, in the' unit v.of the ra:o,abolition of the slave-tra'te, which by uking away tho the very unconsciousness in which he lives aggravates supply has increased the value of slaves; and secondly, the tfnbanpVinfluence. Nor can familiarity with theme increaaed cultivation of cotton stimulated by the in- scene.- of/Slavery fail to exert, hardening intf.io-ice. vention of new machinery. Tne last lias been of Persons become accustomed to scenes of brutality, till especial influence. Indeed it u hardly too much to siy. they witness ti.em with indifference. Hogarth, that thaiout of this.-leader cotton liber liave been formed master of human nature, has portrayed ttiis tendencytne manac-es of the slave. Thus, through sinister in- in hbrpicture of a dissection at a Medical College, where dueiues, and tbe wick^dn-ss of men, is good made tne the President maintain? the dignity .of insensibdhy over minister of wrong. Next altcr*Chrirtopher Columbus, a corpse which he regards simply as the object of a lec-who, by his bubhme enterprise, opened the pathway to ture. And Horace Walpole, who admired the saiir---ofchange which has taken p'ace, " Is lie faithful to Slav- then divinely established; which'appears agtin in -the cry ?" With arrogant ostracism, it excludes from Gospel when it was said, " God that made the worldevery national office all who cafinOt respond to this and all things therein, hath made of. one nlood all mi- test. So complete and irrational has this tyranny be- nors ot men;" which appears again iii the primal rea-come, that at.'this moment while 1 now spe.de, could son of the world, anterior to all institutions and lavs, WathiiigtOD, or Jefferson, or Franklin, or John Jay, belongs to tnose self-evident truths, some iuies calledonce more descend from their spheres above, to mingle ax .on s, which no man can question without exposing in our affairs, mid bless us with iheir wisdom, .not to quotion his own intelligence or hon« s y. As well one of them, with his recorded, unretracted' opinions deny arithmetically that two and two make four,, orfBy Istter to Kllwood \ ^n r,the New World,'Eli Whitney, who discovered the cot- this picture, fimln in it an illus:rati'on of tho truth, that, Pre»id»!nt through corruption. Money, familiarly ton gin, has beeu indirectly and unconsciously a chief " llie legal habitude of viewing snockuigsc'iiedliiii-deiirtJi is now an attested fact that Mr. Buchanan became knownasa'*corruptionfund,"firstdistilledinsmail.agentinthebondageofUeAfricanraceontheNorthtbe'humanmind,andrendersitunfeciing."Aiu!thisastheUnionparty;nor,strangerstill,couldeitherofequal.Asolthesunin.tho.heavens—-blind'is•mean, he doe-snot blush to find it fame.Here, again, I forbear all details. The reason of theS'-ssions, and there learned tho test which ia practical-' tne essence of such truth. And finally us a seif-eVideut ly applied could make answer; and I ask you to accept truth, so announced in the Declaration, it is withoutintellect blending witn the reason of the heart; the testimony of history lortified by the testimony of good men; an array of unerring figur«.s linker'with an ar-mile had increased it to five leng hs. On the seemd tins siateaieiit as my testimony derii/edifrom the expe- exceptions^ for ouly such truth can be Belf-evident. quarter, however, he m-»«te a bad break, bnt recoveredbergiuning on the plantation, diffuses itse f throughout society, enters ir.to official conduct, and >*ven mounts into Congress, where for a longtime it has exercisedof the American forces; Jefferson could nut have taken bis place on the Committee to draft, tue Declaration ofby justice to the Fathers, whose well-chosen words—than two lengths the winner. :recommend the employment of the public money, »etapart for the public service, to influence an election.Here was corruption as positive as when his supporterspurchased votes in the tttreets. From one, learn all; lution asserted the new dogma of Slavery in tbe Terri- humiliation, when we reflect that it has already been archy, so an Oligarchy is simply an abuse of aristocra'- homesteads ou the public lands for actual settlers; inscratch nearly abreast, and it was uudersteod the wordand from such a characteristic instance, learn the char- actor of the Administration. But there are other,well- knowa instances; and tbe testimony before the'Con- greasional Committees discloses tne President on Smadays, in secret conclave with one of his corrupt agents, piously occupied in discussing the chances of an election, and how its expenses •were to be met, while, at the same time, like another Joseph Surface, he was utteriog in public fine sentiments of political morality, and la- menting the pnvaience of the very iudecencies in 'Which Ee was engaged.tories. This was in 1847. A letter from Mr. Calhoun renounced by the copper-colored savages of our conti- cy, unless it be tbat most vulg-o* of all, the "aristocra- vain you seek reform iu administration; in vain youof that day, addressed to a member of the Alabama nent; while, anting the present century, more instances cy of the skin." Derived from Slavery, and having seek dignity and peace in our foreign relations Legislature, shows that there was an element of pol- of it have occurred among our slave-masters than we the interests of Slavery always in view, our oligarchy with just sympathy for struggling Freedom ev- icy in the exaggeration. Ilia desire was " to force the know of among our savages since that early day must naturally take its character from this five-headed' erywhere; while this selfish and corrupt power Slavery issue " on the North, believing that delay wasand tbey were called back Flora's driver refused toobey tbe order, however, aud trotted around the track,followed at leisure by Patchen, who was reined in atthe score. Flora continued to trot the two -miles. Thescenes during the heat were beyond the power of de-scription. The Judges were menaced. Cries of " Rob- •foilMctiiy, there ^ mor. " Which any print of goodiicj* will uot take. Being cupabie of nil IU": 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069dangerous, es the slavemasters were relatively strong- er, both morally and politically, than they would ever^enderneis of. Pocahontas. Perhaps no other usage v•" Thingx bad begun make strong theniBelveii by 111."curses, which merged into several scrambles and quar- r * ** &* Free St,t. , abe again.•" •All-that is bad in Slavery—its audacity, its immoral-ity, its epnelty. its robbery, its meanucas, its iguorauce, m fact, us m law, the normal condition of all the na- there had been no score, and coosequently no heat. S^b ^° bul1^.andwhen Capt. Smith was saved from this face oy the wrong.holds the National purse and the Na-tional sword. Prostrate the Slave Oligarchy bery" were frequent, and amid hootings, yells, andreveals with Buch fearful distinctness tho deep-eeated.pervading influence Of Slavery, offensive to civil-ization, hostile to law itself, by virtue of which it pre-tends to live, insulting to humanity, shocking to. de- its barbarous disregard ol human rights, and its bar-and the door will be open to all generous principles'Prostrate the Slave Oligarchy, and liberty will become' rels, tbe decision of the Judges was made out to be that ^ «»«P>ort*dbyoffic"At last the end has come. Slavery ia openly pro-nounced at one time " the black marble keystone of cency, and utterly heedless of all rights, forms or barous disregard oi human obligation, must all be re-tional Territories. Prostrate the Slave Oligarchy and The horses -were ordered to recommence the heat im- KM.. State. mediately.our National Arch;" at another time " tbe corner-stoneobservances, in the maintenance of its-wicked power.produced in its representative. If tne Oligarchy hesi- tates at nothing to serve its selfish ends, it simply acts in harmony with Slavery, from which it orawu its life-the.National Government will be at length divorced from Slavery, and the national policy will be changed from Slavery to Freedom. Prostrate the Slave^ ^ ^ ^ r e e k i u r i d i - eThey crossed the score to repeat, at dusk, Floraleading "by nearly a length. Patchen lapped her « ^ t h e ^ a v e Suw«u>"i« the quarter pole, but bioke almost immediately. At ^moolcmdHamlbbav.. the half mile he was rapidly filling up the space be- m m of thoueanda ot tween them, but broke as they were again lapping. Prefer<heirelectiontothaiof our Republican edifice;" then it is vaunted as " theIt was natural that a President, who with profes highest type of civilization;" then as " a blessing to Let me not be unjust to slaye-masters. Some thereMons of purity on the lips, made himself the pander of BOC.'J vulgar corruption, should stick at nothing needed to carry his purposes. I shall not dwell ou the Lc- eompton Constitution; bat it belongs to this cuapter. JToa ail know its wickedness. Concocted originally atthe master as well as the slave;" and then again " as are, 1 know, of happy natures, uncorrnpted by the blood. If in grasp of power it is like the hunchback Oligarchy and tbe North will be admitted to itsiustennobling to the matter if not to the slave." Ic is the possession of tyrannical power, who render the con- Richard; if in falsehood it copies Iago, and if in char- only firbt step which costs, and therefore the authors of dition of their slaves endurable, and in private acter it is as brutal as the unta ight Caliban,these opinions, so Blocking to the moral sense, do not hesitate at other opinions equally shocking to the reasonvirtues emulate the graces of civilization; but the good in these cases comes, from the masters,They passed the score with Flora a length in advance.party, or from that other politual combination, known self-evident, beaming truth, that all men are those sainted patriots, whose nau.es alone open a per- he who cannot perceive it. Of course, this prin-ting 2 to 1on the mare.' K1USTHKAT.by a length; lu the firit quarter Flort broke, htitcan e down to the trot iu an instant. Patcbeu rapidl] uiywidened the distance between them <md at the'* badaltwingmother gii^a starn^ thij n-arket. which has he *»d Loubvillf. Th*e M J'OHd wbieh is rapidly • &e Uwprim-ipul outer jnd of Aikafisa*. Stretching T e n n « ^ liailroad, imv •oe'ual fonntani of gratitude in alt your hearts, be con- firmed by the Senate of the United. States tor any polit-Tbe horses attempt* d to.score amid great excitemen*.Time alter time they came to the st-tud, but so widelyapart as to warrant the belief that tbey wer* afraid ofeach other. After eght'or nin- unsuccessful scoriugathey came to the scratch ut tuli trot, and received the SailroaeU. witii a popnia word " G o " amid tumultuous shouts. Patch*n leadinghas uHide answer, for no man who has sat in its secretstract truth, it is illso/without exception, according toUntitled Documentprourd ils victinis with our pn.yeis, but our .action declaring that its object was to leave the people " per- poisoned rot dies of rage in i's hole I8eVitaf.ives were now solicited t••>carry <>at"hiH sch.ino nnd.poEfcessed-the National Goveriimont, Jike aii IiiviJ ofjaanizing (<r a State, were f-au'-juleiitly.prevented like tbe ancient cestus of Beauty, with trasforming Itai:PIBLIC SCHO JJ.S.—Tbo Oi •orrnptionj krd tbo h-Ul.« Of Congress wei*e changed trespass ngamst a i;t"t to forgi«e those who trespass Spirit. '1hia influence, which, -wjieldmg at will all »iie .'••oin passit'g npoii the. question-of SliVery—and seeing power. ' 4j0$«yed on tbe +§& fetat* f"'by thfi hind. IP not all this enough to nwuss the m- Hgailist civilization; to forgive th'\s:; who trespass .he.j'udiciary itself-r-bas become formiduble to--Freedom the people, was openly adopted by tue Pi-esid-mt, an'd influences. Ot-bers may dwell on the Past as secure.^ ^ a n t h n c , Pnblij- Sci»ool-o.-with a gavel madef'of, wood from rise '' old fog«ix< ase" ugainst, a whole racr •o forgive tliese who trespass dighatiou of. the people-7 ' • ;cVe ywber elu;< hiuniig violently'at-the Territories, and hy him corruptly urged upon. Congress,-with all the But to my mind, under tbe lawn of a beneficerrt God,-wlu:re Mr. Lincoln resided inearfe'or days. Mr. Mann, Jt is irno tbar. tbe l?r'eriideut, whose power began in against the universal human j>.milv; finally to forgive nebfu-irg-tbe Fi-eci States thetusel ves, as' wrtn«ss the power'of Ins Adniiris:ration"; looking at the "these the Future, oho is secure—on the .single condition chat fa K'tnc time been in a uUefai :assuming the ft ai<\ at once projected theforator of the •evening to the audseoce.Mr. SlMNKR said:FKLr.O\V-CjT!'/4KNS OF SrKW~T-)RK: Of all mOU incorruption, and who is the i-esponsible author of the tin $•.- wh<> t'esj>ae's against God. Such trespassers now c aim still undecided iu the Court of the laM r sort of tliingp, and others which fill the mind, t feel how vain v e press forward in tbe work with- rmart and «oul— ggffl condition, is t&bc repair. corruption i«> which h:« Administration has'been de- exist i-rno. g tin.—.possessing the orgauiza ion of party— a citizen <d Vu-gu ia to hold slaves iu New-rfcrk on (tie ii is. to expect truer- or compromise with tho Slave forgetting self—turning from the temptations of tbe gjjggt'for -making th 9 U«H>«S mr-y based, is no' longer a candidate for, offije. Alroidy possessing the control of the "National Government*— vnj toTcXns; this influence, now so vaulting, was Oligarchy. Puiuc' in faith, no. conip nit can bind'it, hour—and, intent only on tbe cau<>e,judgment \w.* begiin. Hi-own political party bus dis- Vonptjthting at this moment, a colossal Power—ti,i>d .tor a long time .uiobservtd, . whiij while all interpretations of the C> nstitution, friendlyWith mean compliance ne'er botray our tract,Nor be »o ci'il ** to prove nujurt.Mr.Sumner'saddre-sreceivedtheattentionandanoroeut is most peculiar. Though dead, Jthey yet live, ' conspicuously erected in Genoa t^> oxpoee the ••rim JHoi faculty should be bent into the p;u vice, n.nd all should be ii. avoioed discussion; but- it, was 'det'-noiucd in' its Fun-.t, in ib«• incomnaralile poem of Goethe, on being, earnest applause of bis audience from the commence- fji^wing figures, lor wbkl. \tt" wliat scons its head the likeness^of,.a. President Una even exercisinga contjojhng power, a.t iiist timid and s:iy, io Freedom, though sanctioned hy Court and Co ogress\fl$i. TK.AND MikFKXT tt*r gy t&d gardecers of Long I,.; H^preKure<romNew.*ioikcarded' inro. The first avenging blow has been sj-rnek. •oarhistory,thereaxetwowhoseinfluenceattbisjIncorruptiblehistorywill'dother-s*..TneUibletson."Surelyifevertherewasamomentwheneveryfromanundoubtedconsciousnessofi;,nguih, incontinuousprect'dei.ts,.'reimcereuaoniouelyrej^cf^d.apeak and act in the conflict oC principles which divides , Doges, branding one-as 'Far Maxima and the oh-r invigorated by an inspiring zeal f-Ufely. rejected hy tne policy. The Southern. Senator who boasted that for told.that inHeili'sell tbelawaprevait, says: as Moximvs LatroitHM, will not be needed h •<••:. Tho hehrth.sstiiplomatist, it, is now; while the battle be- SIX V years the Slave Stales hut governed the country, - - JKow t>>nt J like : so th. n, one mcy, in fact,•the ^country—standing face to face ~H!ce two well- j exposed corrupter, the tyrant enslaver, and^tlie robber tween Civilizution and Barbarism is still undecided, knew well*then* eoivs<.aijt.iuie'riority to the Fs'ce.states Conclud-; c binding compact^itli you', gentry • .Batched champions. When I add that one w»8 from j ol tJumat: Pretdom. c-innot bo forgotten. Unhappy and von arc summoned to' resist the h.s.t desivr..': inpopulation,wealth, manufactures, commerce,' sch >o!s To which Weph'i'sTophil 8 r-plie*?:\V hatevei-piouiite in 6w bobkn Quelsentry, \V'o Ktrictiy c«rry lu.toact. .ttsdse (enesponjen-; in Br</-.4 ment to tbe close. Delivered with bis most precise rflxte statemtuts include xery)and finished ora'ory, in a voice beard by tbe m>ist dis- rfcioity of tbat city, however.tent of t.be three thousand persons present, it gave i$&(ii enumerated having v* >;.• abundant evidence of the fullness of the speaker's re- ^er twenty miles out from i^r»lhe^deht ! After a long career of public service, not sho<k. To this work I rim not equal; but I do not churches,"libraries, and i'l the activities of a, true ctvil-South Carolina and the other from Massachusetts, yon j shriek from the duties of my post. Abut! Human •will see at once that I mean John G. Calhoun, and ; «niy tossed aside, but tossed over to perpetual memoryizaiiou; ki.ev well that they had cbutribdtej uot/nugas an example t«> be shunned. Rettef for hiai the language is g'-ntle, and. the human voice is weak. to the literature of the country, eveu m politi- —although in their books it may find entry !m within that distance gone:uj; ja*wagot>s, and carry' out n;anu, tst4e below gives the sbipr-'rninrxigtheyear*.18o8and1*35\ J7»and New-York:iii.rr'Oja.li'y edhen*for tbe remainder of their days batting in C>>u- [ to save the Republic from its degrading iatiuen^e,would this outrage in its true light—UN something worse even '1. Kihlntion'j the Slaves Suites have alvv:-.-ys won. fhey of'the L compton Constitution, iu' a 'iicc'. effort to The s> nes wbi-.b.were witnessed yesterday after* W". qwwt*John Quincy Adanis. i oblivion of common life t!;an tho bad fame waich tie W ords only are mine, when' I ought to command . ui economy and the .science of ,Govoromeu% which Oi course, fellow-citizm s, you are now ready to.see StatesmenbothOflongcareer,ofmarkedability, t::isWon!. thunderbolt:*.Voiceonlyinmine,when,like,theau-theyhavesovehemently-professed*exioptthe that,thecorruptionsbywhichtlie'preseutAduiini.itra-TROTTING ATPHILADELPHIA.But.nocompactorpiomisebindsthegentryofSlavery- newed mental and physical strength.fe.'aycry. •y h.-i»e all occurred in allPATCHEN AND FLORA. TEMPLE. From 'tIf Phi tad*)fihia Jr.quircr, July P..ajid unhesitating m. ent oi S'avery ta all its pret«nsi ms/judafap.irticu- \ieiosa;(1disgracefulc'^aract-er. T'l'hnepreviousnmatchi, punned oy its long latter class consisted of forlorn but not romantic iudi- conu Bt with Slavery, and filled with higher fife, it w.vicious and mojc danger ms men pushing up the hill ery,andconsti'utiigini«H-IfaMagnum Laieociniuuy, whosecharacternobreath h«stouched,and whose 8<enemeigi»gfromtheircutis,andscampsofcigar?sattbtir.noin.nl condition, as tt ey came from tin*, hand fGod, fre,e, with Freedom written on the soil and en-' fairt, codc-figuts-, etc , v-ere exemplified. The tavern, %tbe China Seas, the gun-bNext we shall save the country from the cryrog in- ducks," swindled the umu*peoting out of term andStates, with doal.lei.be tooulation of.'Slave Sl.ites. haveonly four one of tbe nine Judge- of tbe Supreme O.mrr;and of these lour, it mu.H be Said three are Northernmen with Southern principles; and in .the humblerplaces ut the Departmenta, the same extraordiuHry dis-proportion prevails. Out of the whole number thereemployed, *12l are from the Froe States,, but m »stly lerversicn; so that the President will, no longer, lend liquors and subs'antials. Dealers in lemonade, wa'er- wiih Southem principles, and 80b from the Slave { me-Jons, and Isger beer ocenpied every avaibihleing' it is vaunted, then must the slave-trade be benefi-tho sphere jpf 'Executive influence, frim outnige andto all Territories, and that it now existsCB 53 3 1s3As. out of nothing can come nothing, so .'out of theenced in th« acjustm»nt of the reporters. Mr. Sam.bidding. It organizes Cabinets, le organizes Courts.It directs the Army and Navy. It man- nothing in the Constitution on this subject am be de- Carson ordertd all members of trie press out of theages every department ot pnbhc bnsiaesa. It presides lived no support for this inordinate pretension, which Ju<'ge'H sti.nd, aod tbrejitened to hoist the delegate of ov«rthecensus,itcontrolIstb.ejSmithsonianInstitu- nay-bebest,dismissedintbatclassicalsimilitudeby aNew-Yorkpaperoutofthewindow.Thisgintle-r«tuM7.. which the ancient Romans rebuked g-oundless folly, man's bei igu intentions were countermanded .by MextuU i X 6 A-tion, founded by tbe generous charity ot a foreigner, to when tiny calldd it ass's wool, which i« something th tt courteous orders of Alderman W o . McMulliu, who ap-tH2- 13UI..^ Tho brig Kiuth. aftT r tJme for *sbd $uuVd for and was total!\ wrecked or nas Bark, ony^ 14th. » saved and brbuj^t here— * nia fit stato to sAd forwhtof iron ou board. \*arly a! and 150 tuns of bri^, u"0t a *«rw bndt at Mystic^0 uC . r^ed A li and w\ ow':on Slavery could receive a nomination for .he .Presi- dei.) geometrically that a Btraight Hue is the shortestdency from either btanch of the divided Democratic distance between two points, as deny the axiomatic, Flora's admirers were largely in'the majority. Bet- e&OlVTH OF MEfr:n\ciple, uttered in a d duration of right,*, is applicable sin ply to rights; and it is a childish sophism to allege against it the obvious inequalities of form, character and faculties... As un axiom, it admits noTen years ige-ifemp'r ii ianding on the Miss'nvir thouaaad inhabitants. No'exceptions; for it is the essence of an axiom, whetherrience which has been my lot. Yes, f*-llow-citizeiis, Tbos, whether as axiom, as abstract truth? or self- himself, and passed the stand amid great cheering two Ja conrleted to Louisvihad this test prevailed in the earlier day's, Washington . evident trnth, it is always universal. In vindicating lengths in advance. Tbere was little perceptible al'er-tni« : . Independence;.and Franklin could not have gone forth mockery; nor can the madness of tbe Propagandists' QuarterThe following is thoMile and a half.....' 3:35 ...1:10 Mile and thr«e .juaxt«r»... 4:12fit foundation for an empire—have been turned into aoFriii.ce, with the commission of the infant litpiiblic, of Slavery be better illustrated than in this assault on 11 II ! ! • » • . . . . . . . • * • • •... SS|And, finally, we shall help to expel tho SlavefOli-gardiy from all its seats of. National power, and driveit back within the Statt's. This alone is worthy of ev- betwetn tbe first and second heats. *ery eflort; for until.this is done, nothing else can be completely done. In vain you seek economy or puritySECOND HEAT.-After an unsuccestful score, the nags crossed theshare in the trusts and honors of the Republic I Pros-trute the Slave Oligarchy, mid a mighty victory ofPeace-will be won, whose influence on the future of Patchen broke twice on the second mile, but in the our country and of mankind no imagination can paint I intervals gained rapidly on the mare. At the thirdAt half past four o'clock tbe r-orses were sounded tocome to score. Their owners were present.' Pate hen, tucoetw rit«-ra.^ it was currently said, had just bccD sold for $i2->,000!'ftbat Flora Lad won theSnr?l J ! ~ ¥ predicts v ^ p l a i t e d this yearf t S r f ^ ttt« next tan * i?- m 6»«e«d fivej www.fultonhistory.com^m*m 