 and Count taisaion iaand BQfMir 1v>»v^fr:^m0/mi0Utm^^mtUntitled DocumentfitA aid to bo * consist r ont«de inner sh© t a v e r n -"I*t«»aB*to7o4-jWEt*oll«agnee. IamcoHvinced thai they wIS set thenwelvss serlot»lT ^ work. I re- que* wf yoo to %rmg Hds affidr to ft conclusion in a -prudent and serioua manner, without^ hoirever^tooIn HwnbpWt, March i, J."H. Davis to Sasan E. Howard^: An i»jnnetion has been^granted to restrain the Board •:-:;yr •Wc-,:,^)^\..:,,,.._. DIED. ..,',;. '>.^.:.• r^ri^^stories of the destruction of life each C* ^J096 Wiwttwt a v e startled and horrified the city during wTM W4 *months..;. fi?*8 • -•• \ KqwBYHsM—FREEDOM WITH THE PISTOI«—Abolv- coprsey bane sim- verheat,»^«QtofT h e W - long w 4 l |«^d a few:i* estab- ^©TKWitbj.. stytion isa t n o a o T v p o n h e c r*. [He,v*ho take* it {.he ap- pleasant^ a«al, au<I a rii^owix.»f the o l * , r*BtWho> ares, fereof orna- ' support* >yed with formed an aes in dif-themlib- rtbeano, t o furniafaecE Che xnexa-tdmisgiony sthey me£ iter a few rtion, and slli-rwr their: *ery cheapL to keep a attracting y. As for loup—4h€jfley wanted isetj and no•rday was. are about egimentof . for their k>n a run svery kind f theJine, ill body ofthe Piazza nantain ia se soldiers; se to thisaced by a standard- e eagle of 3 tall formral highly mpany, is it of bear-by a m a - sirtall fur ite leather e. "While trtsof the 7 of artil-g carriage •y consists prodigious ion wagon jp&nied by tor as re- »an aggre- importantI;hoie forcesofthe Bor- ind around in the cen- withwhich,t he cam© Be is evi- 'command. reviewing{ jce to the announced •eceive the> Hinted his ^Teaching;>in front,ri» swordVdisced himnting withatedagainrto a com- a.whohad, ceive this:R, shaking; rent cordi- te shoulderemulation i>*'er-estim- merft, and tt offices to the French n closed incomplaint tnd martial :thetrampto the city, for service will fightSt, s.HANUEL.p,ofParis,ie episcopala! courts ofanuni cationnezation ofs documentifreFransoni uauce. On rmed of i% habited the ng received reeisabant32 SERFS. supplies us •reply to the floatingthere exprees- L'thaania, JStiag qvux- gemieinen,ive already Meoen, how, &it.afiecta -trtoyoaaa ipptness ot on have no*Hie con- >eeome an.?jwn may i&ot b*> ob rt. My de- roue za pos* tcb of youryoorduf/;»gknvp beta tfhiejh gtiail consider ityour per- I J shall be ciaoavsd by•C.tha;ab- sve probi- lat tae u<£ p*,y no at-in toe. self* to the•myself t * li^emyex- .fibeen incaroarated * t K ^ w , ^*°*W**TM^J^a aax*w«^a>ofes»orof' •** y£*&£ S f J 1 ^ w e ^ s ^ r m o w nameroiie a»a Cfcarkofc There were likewi» some persons arrested at Kazan, but I am not able to inform rott whether they were as numerous as at Kiew andjCherkefi; The persona arxeatedaregers. A t 10:30 April 6, passed steamship Ariel, 22 miles north of lhagua, hence for AspinwalL Left in. port of AspinwalL United Statcsfrigates Roanoke and Sabine, store-ship Relief, and French war-brig Lucifer.Mrs. Murtha, wife of Wm. O. Murtha of this city,was buroed so badly on the night of the 17th hy her ter, formerly ofNew-Sedford.JMass., aged23 years. day of May, will be held this year on the firsV ^nesaay 41 Hose Company, approached and asked him how he 'manner of viewing this question, t h e y can commn* ,ac«te,themtoyoulndetsfi. Yourduty*gentlemenTis is se<wo4 us^and I advise yon to invoke the DivineKEW^FOKK © A M TRIBUNE,ONEDAYLATERFROMCAllFORNlA^ltllt^W^o«»a^ TMTM o w1 1PI\r; APRIL ii, im. Dodaon Catbwii19,. Bum•,*~\frrr~n£attention at the present time, when oar re- Ecglish by *. n - L ; *«!«"*» M i Mr. H,«L ««8k- in the Gulf are by no means such as could be xThec> added; *!» Ptoward Count Panirj, the EmperorTheLegislaturehasgiventhenameof*hAroadia'lto<?«InNevada^M^hT,JohnHamiltontoMarySenner.' .,?ii»g deSaying the solution. -j » w , datedMarcix 18: •• - :'-"v,":-" jSEeaaemseaaresta have been lately made in severaltoe water from the v.x, . , „the body of a woman, w. w "TM"yousoscftas," " v . -Tne JoBowmg letter has been received from War-. ln§acramento, M«rb0/8, Joseph HendewDn, a native of Miry- A Fjench Associationhasbeen formed m this city, to \ax.&fB&ea 36years. - * • ;y• • ,.r vThe following is the Bpecie list of the North Star: Mtkmsiity. »fege»»ah^beltevedih^theper^^ J.G.PwrkerStSon ..$4,000Ballln&Saundent. $30,500Sarith remarksd that THE TWO OPXKA CotoPANiES.-^-The Academy to fighjfc. Johnny having no objections to fighting;ohaiged with having «mspjred to foundv » dwtmct ] arrested will be set as liberty, and that the pohce haveconfounded htersry aseociations with political clubs.Many people believe that the ponce caused these ar-reete tobe made, as they frequently did under the Em-peror Kkbolas, to give a high idea of their zeal and•siggance. However that may be, we are living in aperiod of great political excitement. * The principle ofsotlosd&fe* end free trade are the bases of the newpoStieal ays em proclaimed here. Several personsthink that JSUueia has a grand part to perform in thisrraaaformation of modern soaety. landed property v/rotsr.....,.*.........t 36,200. Duncan, Sherman &Co.. 68,702Older » » • • • • • t 2000 Wm. Hope 4tCo........ 32,003—— • rroptned with a good house, The Barber being well rep-resented by Miss Patti, and Messrs. Brignoli, Ferri,Amodio, and Susini—the cast formerly noticed in hand. He instantly dodged behind Mar/ow, bat wae-Ithroughout the Russian Empire has quadrupled in Eppitgert Co value since the question of the emandpatlon of the K MUaeder.peasants has.been raised. Fifteen years since a de- aiatine (about a rood) of ground eould be purchased in Tacrida ior three silver roubles (10s.) The same quan'tityTt>f grouna would now sell for 30 ^oublea.•,MISCELL AJN-EOUaE x s c i m o K AT Ck>nsTANTiwori.x.—On Sunday morn-ing, the wife and paramour, the murderer of the late Ferik Ibrahim Pasha, suffered " the last penalty of the 3aw" at the Stamboul end of Ksrakeui bridges A s the centaace of the condemned couple had been confirmed several days before by the Sultan, it would have been immediately earned into effect but for the difficulty of iindiug an executioner; the popular feeling as to such services being now wider/ different from what it was in the " good old times," when the bowstring and the wrimetar were seldom a day unused. Atlast,h>w-,ever, the (considered) high wages of 500 piastres in- duced a gipsy to undertake the Job, and on Sunday morning, accordingly, this now unusual tragedy -was performed in the area in front of the fowl-shops be- yond the bridge. Shortly after 5 o'clock (Frank iime), the prisoners were brought from the Zaptieh prison, under a guard of soldiers and cavassee—the znaa on foot, with his hands tied behind him, and the30,000Jwinnings&.Brewster..,. 7,000 9,500 Freeman 4t Co..... 18,760 8,000 Howland At AspinwalL.. 40,000Order....•••••-»......... 5,000V .AB I was absent from this city when the last mails_woaaa» in a sed*m. chair. On arriving at the end of thetriage, the gnaritformed intoa half-«nxcle, shutting outthe orowd of 50 or 60 people who h&dgathered behindthem on the way from the Zaptieh. The woman wasthen handed out of the chair, and, from the suddentrecoot which seized on her, after catching sight of theiwo upright poles with their grim crossbeam, and the movements of preparation among the guard, it wasevident that what could at most have been only a sus-picion in her mind before then fia&hed into a terrible certainty. She moaned piteously at first, then broke•3nto a low cry of " aman, amdn" (mercy, mercy), andasked what they were going to do with her. She event.imilkameen mines.We have dates frcm Olympia to the 15th inst. < ' paraiso; he refused all Castilla's offerB to join him in aUpon the person of O'Mara were found a slang-shot and Inife, both of which weapons he freely used dol-w a s told. '" merely to exile her," and thus partly quieted, though stul moaning and quivering with ter- ror, was led into the old black wooden knan at the corner of the ..street. There she w a s immediately s e o e d and pinioned, screaming and struggling fearful- ly the while, tOl the noose, rapidly slipped over her head and pulled at either end by a eavass, had done its quieting work. The body was then carried out and lung up on the frail gallows for it. While this half of the tragedy had been in course of accomplishment within the khan, the male culprit had Buffered hia pun- 3*hment ootc-ide. As soon as the woman was removed into the building, an officer read aloud a statement of t h e prisoner's crime and sentence—announced to theThe Candinmarruh brings as passengers L\eut. John M. Brooke, U. S.Ni, Mr. E. M. Kern, U. S. N., and nine oU the crew of the late United States schooner J. Fenhxore Cooper, which was wrecketfat Yokahamaon the 23d of August, 1859. The vessel was under the charge c* Capt. Brooke, the Japanese, though good sailors along tbeir own coasts, not claimicg the knowl- edge sufficient to visit our shores with safety. Several of the officers of the Candinmarruh,, however , have studied navigation, and could no doubt take their vessel safely back. The object of the vessel's trip is to ac- company the Powhatan, which left Yeddo on the 10th February—the same day the Candinmarruh started from Uragawa—for this port, with the Japanese Em-Counties.Chehalis Covlilz..... Jelaud Jefleraon... Kitsap Ktog....... L«wi8P i e r c eWhite Fopnlfttion.211 443 25799 499 225149 40Property.63,C08 155,103 128,074 111,202 361,994 151,173 251,357 493,783D<f,wj*30,128 674.360 113,29410,000 153,814"•NIRLO'S GARDEN.—On Monday night the Circus re--wretched man for the first time. He was then told tokneel down, which he did, stretching forward his neck'without hesitation or resistance, but looking, as a by- bassadors to• Washington on board. The Powhatan standerremarked,likeaman.-whohaddied yesterday.sheep, 10,456; hogs, 4.247; acres, in grains, grasses,and roots, 13,4631 There are 81,865 fruit trees; 31the frontier of Ecuador; the trade is small, but-in- creas'ng.: .Up.to the preEent.time it has imported most-JThe £ipsv then drewlus yataghan (a heavy, inward!^ curving blade) and struck a single-banded blow dose to the shoulder end of the seek; .the criminal fell overThe establishment is no longer called " Cooke'sen his face and made a few convulsive struggles, but tired. Their extreme punctiliousness in regard to cere-three additional hacks from the sword of a eavass at nionv » & e o^y feult "W11^ visitors have found witfi length severed the"head entirely from the trunk, and them CJOv "^owney came down from Sacramento tocompleted the judicial butchery. The head waa then see them, ancTthey wOtliu ^<>t believe at first that suchplaced up by the aide of the body, which, with that of a youngman, in plain clothes, Without servants, Bar- the woman, remained exposed to view throughout the rounded by people with their hats on, and payingday, with-placards announcing their crime stitched to no especial attention to him, could be a nigh governor. the front of both. Since last week, we have been in- They were taken aback at being received witn. so nttieTHE FOURTH W A R D READING-ROOM.—It appears paid each widow is $9Q per annum, which sum is; de- rived from initiations and yearly dues. Inconsequence*formed that jealousy, and not a criminal intrigue with the male murderer, was the impelling motive of the -woman's share in her husband's death. The latter, It'appears, had taken to himself a young slave, and, maddened by his refusal to turn away this trespasser on the conjugal domain, the wretched wife planned mm accomplished the old man's death as we have re-iated. [Levant Herald, March 7.display. Gov. Downey, and Mr. T^cbemaker^the head of our City Government, made corjgratnuw^T speeches at the Admiral, who is a prince of the blooaImperial, and a man of much consideration in the Japanese empire. Capt. Mangero speaksEnglish, and serves as interpreter. Several of the other officers speak Dutch. Uncle Sam will probably have a bill presentee' for tie ccst of entertaining these gentlemen, fortheyevidentlyexpecttobewaiteduponandfeced.Good d'ggings have been discovered on the No-vo- same route to Panama. This line of steamers will be generally improved, under the labor and care of Mr. made to increase the initiation fee, and to put the year- u-pit-cum, a stream entering the Columbia near Fort of great convenience to the people on the coast, but ly dues at $5 instead of $3, but this was also negatived,As EASTxas MCRDXR.—Another domestic tragedy They are muchadmired for their fine, expressive coun-toria for London with a"cargo of for, t \ - . . ; . . ' - - a number of lives were lost, and the re.Voiu- party,of even greater atrocity than that whose punishmentw e record in another column is reported to us as hav-ing occurred in Stamboul during the past week. • Thefacts, shortly told, are these: The kayaia-kadin (a sort ndt be mistaken for Chinamen, and are evidentlyof govvernemtejet*. wealthy Turkish family had gone superior to all the Celestials on our coast.** pass the wemag with her daughter, the wife of a For Californians, the greattopic ofinterest no wis.andcaptain in the army, at the house of the latter, in the for some months to come, must be, Washoe. NothingThe Victoria Colonist says: . . „ •.'.''•,: «onary leaders escaped to the adjoining States MOB-publisher of The Sun, corner of Nassau and Fultonstreets; J. F . Mollies, No. 285 Broadway; Charles E.Snatter of the Sultan Bayazid. One of the ladies ofje family to which she belonged had intrusted herwith a casket of valuable jewels for the purpose ofreturning them.to another harem, from which thecan equal it. It has filled ourjeweler's shops with spe- cimens, our veins with fever,and our heads with dreams that outshine the fancies of the Arabian Nights. Do not inquire for the reasons of such feelings; they arewho had been passing the rainy season in this city hav'e made ageneral stampede for the north. Within the past month nearlya third of our population have, as the song says, ' Gont off toFraeer River, light away.' The friends of the colony herb' in- other States. It ia highly probable that this will be dulgeinthebrightestanticipationsaatothesuccesswhichwill thenextstep,andifsothe.OspinaAdministration llClintoi,. crown the efforts of the miners the coming Summer. A few must fall.1and the hour had wax*"' ' ~*' " _ ; .• • —-«**> eerore the descendents ofj the old Knickerbockers wended their w a y homeward. — •OHRIST CHURCH, OYSTER BAY, L. L*T,uN.It.Tribune \ 'To the Editor^ •, nUuded, on two or three occasione.former did, and shortly after left the room, leaving her and we are all anxious to risk a few Hundred dollars motherengagedatherablutionsinpreparationfor apieceforthechanceofmakingthousands. Wearefor the purpose of developing its miner»l resources. They argue that, as at present there is no likelihood of a large immigration ofEuropeansorAmericanstoourshores,,outoftwoevils,itis'$39 825,577, of which over $82,000,000 is in foreign :loans. Onthisthereisover$3,250,000ofinterestdue.Esst Twentieth street, on occasioiT o f ^ e retirement ofJD»o TilXT BCRN JteOKOzs?—The Vicksburg Sttn are undeveloped, hence their value is «Uconjecture. To me itnirju Island:"M Fanning Island (which is a lagoon island, 30 miles long,of Saturday, March 31st, says that a negro man be- longingtoMr.Woodfolk,onDeerCreek,wasrecently turnedatthestakeforthemurderofanegrowoman. *&li the negroes on that and the adjoining plantations witneeeedtheburning. "His.fate wasdecreedby aacventBTA*, ybfa^[ apprehend, correspond w»Lu wiat ox our eaT.7 gold-seekeis."•TM,-tv.****hrtiBcr,thebeltpflandarounditbein"«boutamilemorning, Alderman Russell presented himself at the EleventhWardStation-House,anddesiredtoopen court. Itseemsthatthree Germans, named Christo-shoemaker named. W.Marks. Aa.it waa ascertained that the German had paid less than half the value of the leather, h« WM takenintocustodybyOfficersBuxdickandKing,onachargeof receivingstolengoods. Hewascommittedtoawaitanexamina- tion. The adroit forger who perpetrated the swindle has notK'•'.lcouncil<tthighly respectable—The pro-«Uvery press are very fond of asking whyafter a stayof six monthsthere,andgives itashis opinion that the amount of silver ore already discov- eredintheComstockleadissufficienttoyield$20,000,- 000 this year, if energetically wrought.day,andareexpectedtobringback1,000nutspermanbyFriday. All hands are then set to work t* scrape the nuts, at the rate of 200dailyperman. ThesorapinKsarethenplacedinvats,inthe Hon, to decompose, and the oil collects at the bottom. They are afterward placed in a powerfolprets, which expresses what oilthegrossearningsof thePanamaEailroadCompany, from 1852 to December, 1858 amounted to $6,334,320. Theexpsnsee,&c,were$2,905,882;dividends,$2,- 786,240; New-Granada's per centage, $83,156; and thebeenarrestedearlyintheevening,onacharge ofdis- orderlyconduct. Aid.Russellhavingarrived,heat once opened court in the Station-House, and the Ger-bislocation.WATCHTHiEF.—JohnCaseywasyesterdaycommit- ted to prison by Justice Steers for having stolen a gold watchstakinganother,andthefollowing: "Whycan'tI earry nry property where I please ?" as the man said with two polecat* in a basket, and a pound of assafect- id* in each pocket, trying to force his way into a ball-TheSicramentonsnotlongsinceurgedthefrequency ropeinthemanufactureofsoap,and(morerecentlyintheUni- of earthquakes in San Francisco as one reason w h y ted States) for hair oils, for which it seems excellent. The pricedealofveryinterestingBtat'sticalinformation.Local Eews of interest there is none. A line ofgentlemen,"~~ —ARRIVAL OF^THEJSrORTH^CAJU•p#$The North Star eaSed' from New-Y ork Hatch. $0, and arrived at Aepinwall on the 27th at 11 p. m., mak- ing the pssaage out in T days and 11 hours. Sailed fromAspiawaH April2,at.6p.m., andarrivedatthethe daim.f.,£fc4 % ?^?«r saidhewouldnotsellforthewealthorweRothBohilds...,. '-^ $$ v^.. -^Ji $&k£ FraritzValentinMajerhopertoMM.MariePaulineSayi^*'>-over, there., can scarcelyJ>e.a doubt*or if,thens were7 itcouldreadilybeascertainedfromofficialandauthor- theirapp«MasVan4ifc^Sf^ff^f^ffM itative sources.'^-,.i*;?-*?-* '^xm t^M^M^'MM ^ Company organized! hi fore I N K V • •-•• _,v -ojHE» Bony fotjjfp AT LAWKESCJC.—On Thui*- District. In that case,A We ehall £*** *®WmAdieu, gentl*m«a; I wish••__ " wharf, New-york.,. at 3 a. m;, AprillO. The passen-:railroads made, p %}ih Vite^.»('*i£, •••>." ^n:- 4-'^::^have come through iiv.20 dsysaud 13- hours. The » of the towns of the Bnssian Empire. Twenty persons have North Star brings $1,146,000 in specie and 528 passen-the reorganii&tion C aociety. They have a library'of books on commiuiism, ana ! ^ T e - * T^adjDg-ro^m open to the public three evenings every west, t ;typhoid fever,! Philadelphia.i '•;;; *'•* »r i. » A^^m-'oit —Tie annualM& or i agers and mans of the North Star ftem San Franciscopropagate the theories of Charles Fourier m regard to f:McKim^., ;;, ::„••• , •:,'•:• •/;._ „. -./•••-• >;$1 o'clock on Monday evening,, as Michael Marrow,-'a^* young man 19 years old, was sitting quieay in front W#*J. Goldsmith.7,100 F .Nioketton.& C o . . . . . . 10,250 4.932 Eogene Kelly «t Co..... 89,000Order.... ... *... A.E. T utor ....... .i.«.»..*2.000 Couroy 4c O'Connor.... R. 8. Wade ......« . 5,000 James Patrick StCo10,000 75,000 50,000pulled off his coat and threw it upon a barrel, and ia8. Pavenktoci.. . 2,000 Riobard Patrick.J. Henry• Williams. . 13,333 Taaffe, McCaWll & Co... 81,600tumiDg to meet Smhh, found H a with a pistol in hiaWB , Meyer . . . . . . W.fSelRUaan U Co... W . T. Coleman &. Co, Francis Burrittjfc Co..2,808 American Ex. Bank.....145,000Agreat excitementwas caused here onthelTthinst.,St; Patrick's Day, by the discovery early in the morn-ing of a stnffed figure, supposed to represent the IrishSaint, hanging to the top of the liberty pole en Ports-mouth square. Some rBbernianB attempted to takethe figure down, but the halliards had been unrove,andtheycouldnotclimbthepole,whichtheythencusdov#n. So Boon as this fact. became known an intenseindignation took poeeession of many of the'ex-Know-Nbthings, and there was imminent danger for Borne arrived from South and Central America, and as theour columns. To-night Don Pasquale will be given, Miss Patti as Noi ina, for the first time.—The Winter Garden Italian Opera Company, anderM. Maretzek, will begin to-night with Lucia di Lam.' tended aim, but perforated the door of Murphy's store,RvMaeder k. O. Adams H. G. Griffin feCoW . S.BuDord Tread-well & Co. Kixby, Byrne it•• • .,.„'..-, excitement in the neighborhood, drawing together & MRS. BROUGHAM'S THEA TER.—There was an in- large crowd, who fell upon Smith and beat Mm untilvr'ooo WeH», Fargo At Co 15,0005,000 TotalW e are indebted to the Purser of the North Star,and to Wells, Fargo &. CO.'B Express Company, for the prompt delivery of California files, & c •The dates brought by the-North Star are only one day later than those brought by the overland mail, and published in T H E TRIBUNE on Monday morning.THE JAPA^TESE EMBASST—TaE WASHOEMINES. From Onr Own Correspondent.SAN FRANCISCO, March 20,1860. On the 17th inst. the Japanese steam corvette Can- dinmarruh, Capt. Kat-ain-tar-roh, arrived in this port, 37 days from Uragawa, whichshe left on the 10th Feb-Co....,willprobablyarriveSere inafew days. \201,472 acres of land taken by donation and preemp- tion; and there are 72 sail vessels and 7 steamboats owned in Washington Territory.These last statistics do not,include those of Thurston and Walla-Walla Counties. ^doubtlees divert the trade to Panama. The invoice value of its imports for 1859 amounted to,$99>866, upon which duties to the amount of $29,854 were collected.MARINE SOCIETY..—A quarterly meeting^of this So- ciety was held on Monday evening, atthe United States Amphitheater,"; but Nixon's Circus.- Mr. Cooke's Hotel, Fukon-et. Thi« is a Society composed of ship-The Japanese officials of the " Candinmarruh" havebeen taken about and shown the wenders of our city,and no doubt they will be trotted around till they get-.iThenextporttouchedat.isEsmeraldas,a wretched place with a most dangerous harbor to enter: tobacco is the principal export. This is the nearest port to. Quito, the capital' from which it is distant •'eight' daystenances, neat and rich, but not gaudy dresses, and their quiet, dignified, polished behavior. They could" Since the 1st of April last, eleven wlwfooale jobbing houses, with an eggreeate capital of 85250,000, have closed out business in this city; still, Victoria is improving rapidly*•"The Victoria correspondent of IhcAlW1 says:" The Winter, ju*t drawing to a close, haff been comparatively•4.000mea under arms, ar.u he was * - -vAnt.,i oflo men under arms, arui he was.TM-__ ~~ .-221•B **e TM** m43,GC0 Alpheut Hmdy & Co.... 41,000 Franklin Haven10,000 Ch»s. "W. Crcsby3,000In lone CityvAmadw County, March 6, of consumption, Benj. E. Linekin of Belfast, Me., aged 28 years.followed up by Smith, who stooped downand die- charged the pistol at him between Marrow's legs.2,000 12,000 3.500 H. Colm SL Co......... 40,833 J. H. CosMU 8t Co...... 9,500'wJ Str»ma Bio & Co.... 47,400 Harbeck AtCo;From Onr Own Correspondent.The balls or slugs, four in number, unseed their in-it n>u*t be tvAenVith a gieu degree of allowance. I would lookupon it astte height of fbolisbxess for & man who has a living bushel.sway back and forth, and yet no Berions damage was attention to the exclusion of other business. Money matters, the 3d inst. John S. Prince (Dexn.) waa chosen Mayor contrary to expectation, were rather easy, the bulk of financial J>y 1^148 votes to 1,133 for Chas. D . Gilfillan, Bepub. done. In Sacramento, Marysville, Iowa HiU, bells business having been previously arranged. We have heard ofwere rung; in one place goods were thrown from the some transactions on collateral below the usual rates..(Last Fall, Becker, Dem., for Governor, had 288 ma- shelves or shops. With the exception of Barley, nothing of moment has been done in Grain. Thereis a dispobition to take up this description•••/.N>.199,500..$1,146,211he was insensible, when the mob left hkn lying-ruarj". She is a ten-gun vessel, measuring 300 tons, vorce haa been denied. '••. ' ,James and Miss Lizzie Walton are both pleasant-look, ing young ladies, who would be acceptable Recruits ingaged in a desperate conflict, brought about by the mutinous conduct of half a dozen of the sailors. After a severe fight, the mutineers were conquered, and three of them, named James M. Leod, James Welsh, and Thomas O'Mara, taken into custody. The pris- oners were heavily ironed and brought to the city, ana! conveyed to the First Ward Station-Bouse, where they were locked up.built in Holland about three years agor and sent as a present to the Emperor of Japan by the Dutch King.So-ko-rah-tc-to-sah, Okeomo, Yu-ha, Use-e-ro, To-mo- a-go-ro, Eu-ah ket-che; Chief Engineer, Ha-ma-ge-ro; Second Engineer, Kin-ge-ro; four midshipmen, three doctors, and seventy seamen before the mast.This is the first arrival of a Japanese man-of-war ina Christian port in several cehturies, and is lookedChristina Barry has commenced, in this city,, a di- vorce suit against her husband, Edward L. Barry.Divorce suits have been commenced in Sacramento by Sarah Frances Holmes agt. Elemuel O. Holmes, and by Sarah J. Welsh agt. Wm. Welsh.We have news from Portland to the 14th inst.The citizens of Portland have subscribed $1;000 toopen a wagon road from. Priest's Kapids, the head ofresent steamboat navigation on the Colombia, to the gany of our comedy theaters. ready known here.Miss Ida Vernon is al- . «. ;The following are the names of the officers of the ship: Admiral, Ke-man-ra-to-no^ka-me; Captain, Kat- sin-tarrob; Captain attendixg, Mangero; Lisutenants,Mr. Richard Cooke, who played Falkland, seems tobe an acceptable actor. M r . G . K . Dickinson playedCapt. Abaolute in a style which varies considerablyfrom anything we have ever seen before, and that theSir Lucius O'Trigger of Mr. H. G. Piunkett "couldnot be equaled" in this or any other city, we humblytrust. The other characters call for no special com- ing the fight. At the Station-House he endeavored to- ment. Unlees Mrs. Brougham has greater attracionsin reserve than were displayed last night, her reign isnot likely to be prolonged.upon by the Japanese officers on board as a great counties:privileja e o f buHdingr&ilrOBdB in the streets of San Fran-cisco, because the charter gives them no power to haveformerly of BcBtom ' y•?,,-; .•.•..-... . , .',•:•:,•• •t-.,-. •InSanFranciacorMarch8>EdwardCumberland,onlyBTOof Edward and Francis Jane Cain, a native of Baltimore, Md:, aged 7yearsand2months. >,,:••••In San Francisco, ©n the evening of-March 8, Edward Sherr ridan,aj;eq29yeara-and6months.McClemry, late of Mis- AMERICAN MEDICAL ASSOCXAIV fi-rf-T Mr. Murphy's grocery store, at the corner of Green-;aonii,agfed27year*.->:!•.•••• ,..,.. . meeting''ofthisbody,heretoforeheliontJ:e^TMx°es" wichandCanalstreets,HenrySmith,amember«Tt.In San Andx«"a. Feb. 16, of consumption, Michael Vhay, prin-clothes catching fire from a candle, thatshe died on the In Strisun Valley, Jan. 20, 2! yah C. Barber, formerly of -An- of June, in the City of New-Haven-die*. Marrow was about replying, when anotherbnrnr Ohio, aged 27 years 10 mo'niba. ••• ;In San Franolseo, Maroh 13, Mrs. Carmen Hubbard, formerlyof Chili, wife of John0SIv Hubbard, aged 40 years. InSacram»nto.March8,IsabellaE.Henderson,aged10years,anativeofNew-York.In Sacramento, March 9, Jtmes McGlmn, aged 25 years.In San Francisco,- March 14,\Capt- John H. ROSB, a native ofSuffolk County, Long Island, eged 28 years.In Crescent City."March 5, Major Joseph E. Wendeld, one ofthe first settlers of Crescent City.... At Cottonwood, Shasta County, March 5, D. C. Huntoon, aged 33 years. :. • "•' •••- ••.. . .hours of a grand row. The matter passed, however, news went forward by the Ariel, it is useless for me to with one or two fist-fights; and the pole was again se; repeat it here;- Since- that date we have received nomorning of the 18th. V ^ / ^ ^ Wm. Carey JonOBhas commenced the publication of asemi-monthly paper here,called Jones's Circular. devotedchiefly to the discussion of "Mexicap landtitles in. California.'' .The Daily National newspaper has been swallowedup by The Herald, so that hereafter w e shall have only'one AdminiBtration paper in thiB city instead ofCITY ITEMB.yonng fellow, named Johnny* ^a^ p and asked aup in the evening.The schooner Kambler, from Neap Bay, atthemouthof the Straits of Fnca, for San Francisco, has been wrecked, and nothing has been heard of her crew, who, it is feared, are lost.The schooner Josefai with a cargo of lignumvitse, frcm Acapnlco for this port, foundered in lat. 33 Ion. 128 W., on the 28th ult. The crew escaped in the life- boat, and arrived at Santa Cruz, after heing out thir- teen days, and suffering severely.Divorces have been granted in this cityin the follow- ing cases:Mary Noblett agt. Eobsrt Noblett.Lucy JM. Ladd agt. John M.Ladd.Emma Waterman agt. Solomon Waterman.Mary Guerker agt. Wm. Gaerker.In the case of Josiah Lusk agt. Laura Lusk, a di-further intelligence from the Central American States; bnt, for the future, we shall have two mails a month, as the railroad company's steamer Columbus has now commenced running in conjunction with the Guatemala.By the arrival of the United States ship-of-war Wy- oming, which arrived here from Callao on the 27th nit., we have received three days' later news from Peru, viz , to the 15th March. The long-threatened invasion of Bolivia appearB to be indefinitely post- poned, as President CastilhVs ministers are not quite so anxious as be is to commence hostilities, especially as they find that the late Ecuadorian campaign has been more costly than creditable to the country, and having spent $1€,000,000 without any benefit, they feel indis- poeed to squander a like sum on the remote chance of succeeding against Bolivia. The Peruvian ministry seem also indisposed to carry out their President's treaty with Gen. Franco' of Ecuador, and have re- fused the material aid demanded under, its provisions by the latter.. Castilla is every day growing more un- popular, and only retains power through his large army, and the influence of the numerous officers who surround him, and of couree are deeply interested in keeping him in power for the sake of the large salaries they draw from the public treasury. Gen. Belzu, ex- preoident of Bolivia, had sailed from Callao for Val-served for Monday night, when the comedy of " TheRivals V• was acted. It was not an auspicious night by his friends. It is said that Smith heat a young;The white population of Washington Territory is about 6,844, and the total assessed value of taxable pro- perty $3,293,695. The following is a statement bywar against his native country.I was in Guaj'aq^uil en the 18th. Franco still held the town and province, but in the interior the Quito party are in the ascendent. Guayaquil is wretchedly dull, the farmTes that left during the war have not yet returned; business is very slack, and every one is complaining of the hard times and cursing the revolu- tion ; people w ere afraid to speak of politics except in a Vvhisper, and I uid.not meet with a single person who bad a good word-to say-for Franco.On the 7th ult. the new line of steamers, established by the British Company, between Panama and Guay- aquil commenced their regu'ar trips. Buenaventura, the first port touched at, is about 250 miles from Pana- ma; it is the principal port of entry and export for the State of Cauca, and exports tobacco, bark, gold dust and hides. The town ia a miserable place, hot, dampwrerch off his manacles, and it was with great diffi- culty that the officers could prevent him from injuring those present. During.the fight on the vessel the pria- oi er attempted to take the lives of Peter Nelson, Johk Brown, and Michael Moore, also eailors. Brown and Moore were badly cut about the neck and shoulders. The Ironsides was bound for St. John, N. B.; . . . .2C6 525 Xi?y 151AREA-WAY AUGL-ND THE CITT HALL.—Pursuant to- the directions ofthe Common Council, the Street Com- missioner will advertise in three or four days for pro- posals to construct an area-way all around the CityJLncinc............................. ••Swamish...ThnrBtoii, (no Btatistica) probably... 1,E00mmWhatcom WehMakom.... Walla-Walla (probably)~ ^ille.mi" -rtiectis entertained of putting a steamer on The W . *>.some time must elapse before it can be remunerative Gardiner, the efficiext Superintendent, it must be con-ceded thst it is an institution having unnustakable After the transaction of the regular routine business*. ;appeared in more than prestime glory; the house wasfull, the performance was an excellent one, and alleeemed pleased in spite of the rain and mud outside.There was a noticeable change for the better in severalmatters of wardrobe, the costumers having been busilyat work. There are also additions to the. programme,Zoyara and Heloise having new acts of horsemanship;the Hanlon Brother accompliehingunexpected wonders Hall. B y this means a great deal of additional space in the gymnastic way, and there being, also, a diversity wi 1 be created for the occupancy of corporation officials- of entirely new entertainments too elaborately ludri-.;1,000There are 2,105 horses andmulesj neat eatfcle,ll,906; and dirty. Tnmaco is the next port; it is situated onThe basement rooms have hitherto been 'so dark aaxi- crous for present description. James Robinson, the damp that nobody would consent to occupy them.lumber mills, valued at $220,000; 5 flour mills, valuedat $30,000. Thef e are ten churches, 31 schools, and ly from Peru, but the facilities afforded by steam wijlsomerset equestriaU, and the other leading members of the company, received a warm welcome.in wgaid to the repeal of the Election _ '?* P mild, and, with the first signs of returning Spring, the miners obnoxious measures was known. Should it wroveNo. 66 fcine-street; Geo. L. Schuyler, Dobb's Ferry; smoked, jokes passed around the table, and some very "* T. Hewii jy' 40 Walker-street; C. L. Brace, No. funny speeches made. The affair passedoff r»l»rr~ "prayer. In a few- minutes, she called to her to come in the midst of the excitement, and we must do some best to choose the least; and rather than that the interests of the - and there seems to be no means of paying it. as the total MisB Margaretta L. Marston, its P r i n ^ ^ ' The largeColony should suffer from the absence of the whites, the Asiatics, revenue last year was onlv $1,707,594. Of this sum chapel of the School was quite too smal1 tt£ contain wiU be kind enough to give the resuU . -naolmotui in frror ofdown stairs on some pretense, and on her doing so thing to take part in what is going on. Therefore, we and those of a darker hue, should, by all means, be invited to J the Custom-Houses produced $860,660, and the duty on for Wardena and Veutrjajea. The vote >ras w -<tor, the Rgr. threw a cord round her mother's neck and strangled are investing hundreds of thousands^—perhaps millions our shores. Acting on these propositions, the 'Johns' are com- salt, $615,641. The expoit duty, which is collected the many hundreds who crowded to the houseV The the following named gentlemen, indorsing the Rther. The wretched woman then dragged the body —of dollars in shares in veins which we never saw, ing up from your waters, in batches of forties and fifties, by al-into a charcoal shed and covered it up. On the arrival and which have not been opened, and, which, if rich, most every arrival. As for the colored folk, there are enough of only on-'tobacco and quinine, amounted to §82,011.of her husband shortly after, she communicated to him •will probably be "jumped" by intruders. Time only them at present, I think, in the city to do John Bull for a cen- According to the same document, the total value of im- tury. These latter subjects of the Quoen stick close to town, poits amounted to $2,446,446, and the exports to $3,-exercises consisted principally of singing-ahd readings. Joseph Ransom.Vettrymtn—Wra. T. JMcOoon, ex-Vice-Chancellor: «ol«motf Townsend, Thomas T. Youngs,Wm.H.Bridgens,Wm. W. pretended to approve of the act, but soon a ter slipped bling game, in which many, of the rich and poor ot our thoucand Chinamen are expejted here during the Spring, and it 326,488. The principal exportBwere: tobacco, $1.580,- ed much commendation. Addresses"were read by the i>trewr M. D.; Samnel Y. Ludlam, Roger AnketeU, and Benj.whatshehaddone,andshowed him thejewels. He cantellwhoistowinandwhoistolose at the gam- andshownodispositiontotrytheirluokatthediggings. Many•inashortoriginalpoembyMissElizaV.Murch,elicitout and apprised the imaum and muchtar of the quarter. "They accompanied him back to the house, and were secreted in a room whence they could hearthe murder-streets are now staking their money. TJie Rcd~Blvff Beavon publishes the following as an extract from a letter written by Mr. Alpheas Bull, a banker of Sanis reported that a vessel from Hong Kom; direct is overdue, hav- ing on board a squad of five hundred of them."We have dates from Honolulu to the 29ih of Feb- ruary. v243; coffee $468 066; hides, $283,829; hats, $188,55^quinine, $164,130; emeralds, $100,737. Toe smallest City Superintendent and several gentlemen of theThe vote -was tbe largest ever polled before in the Parish. Oytttr Bay, Jo. I., April 9, I860.SUCCESSFUL FORGERY —Last Saturday afternooa. tlie Cap+ain of the steamboat Manhattan received an order rwr- portingto have been signed by Memm. Cause 4 Pratt, leather dealers, directing him to deliver to the bearer 69 side* of leather • valued at $3CP. The leather vras delivered and carried a*nrr\hut it was subsequently discovered that the order WM a foriced•ees ag*in describe the details of her crime. She was Francisco, who has lately visited Washoe, to a friendtholargett importer, and Bremen the largest purchaser The volcano of Kilauea on the island Qf Hawaii is in of exports. The' imports from the United Sta'es arethereupon arrested,and conveyed to the Zaptieh prison, where she now lies awaiting trial and punishment.[Levant Herald.in that place:The >eard to country is nclcnoTni, end mncn tbat Is said in rea stste cf active eruption.Wheat is so abundant as to"be woxth only 50 cents ftset down at $406,090 06, and the exports to the United States at $452,147 30. •'Xu reference to the Panama Railroad, the Secretary ried." business in this fctate to leave it for that wild region I saw hut One of the Honolulu papers gives the following ac- says that tie Government has been in regular receipttwoclaimsthaiwer»payinganounceofmineral;thebalance countofthebusinessofmakingcocoanutoilatl?an-one. Asearchwasatonceinstitutedtortheleather,anditwaa of its per centage on the dividends, but not being satis- COURT is OPEN.—At about 2J o'clock on Tuesday fioally found at the«t»»re No. 67Madison street,keptby a Germanappears to be a mineral counts and the relative success of theomnibuses, and a daguerrian gallery, beside eome most offensive manner. Rocney, becoming irritated,jority.». The ether Demecratic city candidates this The Senate Committee have reported in favor of the on speculation, at about $2 35. We have no sales of Wheat to twenty wagons, buggies, phaetons, &c, of French, showed symptoms of a fight, when Collins rushed upon on the Wth of last month, and was so aeriously injured aa to•Spring had 200 to 300^majority. construction of a bulkhead along the water front of report. The French ship Jean Baptlste, now loading for Callao, English, German, and United States, manufacture. ? result in death. Deceased was a bricklayer, and had been warned, • m San Francisco, and it is supposed that the measure will •will take about 5,000 sacks Wheat. She is the only vessel now The weather is delightful. The Lancaster, Cyane, h m with a pocket knife, and inflicted several severe about trusting the scaffold. He was a native of this State, tS'A W O N A N AKT> A Wine.—Some weeks since, a pass both Houses.!*cw-York.merchantvrasadvisedundpersuadedto LilburnW.Boggs,aprominentcitizenoftheState,lake a Southern trip of recreation on account of the died in Jfapa Valley on the 14th inst., at the age of 63condition of his health. He desired to leave alone, years. He was born in Lexington, Ky., in 1796, re- To-day we have the arrival of the Sardinian brig Gen. Garibal- P. S —News from Bogota to the 22d of Februarydi, frcm Rio de Janeiro, with coffee to James Patrick it Co. Alsoandno?unneceesarilv, as he thought, toremove his movedtoMissouri in1816.was electedaRepresenta- sch*.Genova, fromthe coastofMexico, to LynchlcBoeding. has been received by way of Buenaventura. Theleap-inherownfeelingsand sense of duty, was resolved to California, withhisfamily, andmade hishomeinon accompanyinghim; and, finding all ordinary means Sonoma Valley, where he was chosen Alcalde in '47. for gaining his consent, she went to the Delegate to the Constitutional Convention in '49, andBAKI.KY-6C0 tacks at $2 35; 150 do., and 200 do., at $2 40, and 700sackstakenonspeculation,private.OATS—1C0sacksat $2 60^ lnOifn.FIRE-RESCUING EXHIBITION.—TheNew-YorkRes- AN AMERICAN SHIP FIRED AT.—The following, cuing Company, Capt. Froelich, is a body mainlyatedhythegirl'sfrienis. J "*^ • ' mKherntroducedherselfconfidenthtSytothe captain, methodical,temperateman.Inpoliticshewasawarm begged a quiet berth, and thus secured hrr object friend of Slavery and its extension to California. The steamship was. some hours out from New-York While he was Governor of .Missouri, the troubles oc- i>efore the invalid husband discovered that his faithful curred with the Mormons in that State, and one of the anddevotedwifewassonearhim.Onthepassage, Latter-DaySaintstriedtoassassinatehim,butthebullet from that time, she was not only a nurse to her bus glanced from his skull, and he escaped with a slightat18c.$>115. atelegraphicdispatchpublishedonSaturdaymorning: O^men,whichhasbeenorganizedsincethelatelosiof INGSmujarenowusedeveryyearintheUnitedStttteafix Fiisu—20 drums Hake, at 5c. ^ IB.WJNX—50 i casks and 50 i do. New-York Fort, at private "Capt. Swasey of the ship Masconomo, from Liver- fire in tenement-houses, for the purpoie of giving that out* ana certain. Only 28 cents a bottle.hand, but a mhnstermg angel of comfort to all who needed her gentle attentions. [Charleston Mercury.DEATH or Air OLD NJEGKO.—Negro 8am lately died on the plantation of his master, A. J. Billingly of Jonas County, Georgia. When captured in Africa to be broujrht to this country, he s«ys he was 45years old. He landed in Charleston, and was bought by thewound.It is reported that rich silver veins have been dis-«overed in El Dorado and Nevada Counties, copper in Del Norte, and plumbago in Sonoma. The Nevada Iilver vein was found at Scott's Flat.The, Nevada Democrat says:" The silver ore appears to be contained in an immense lead ofm-•-•'[Advertiaemeatllnousands of young men have been saved from ruin, and other thousandi directed in the rue of their talents te J«?or,TM ff 5 ^ b7 obtainingPrnwcoiooiCAi. EraxwATtosia end advice at FOWIKX fc WxtLa, No. 308 Broadway.~ ' [Adverttaement-JFriend of this city, to Sarah Gates, formerly of Waltham, Mas- bound, and then left unceremoniously, Bailinir awav to street, where they meet for practice twice a week. A ^ Dr. STEPHEN SWEET of Connecticuttalcose slate-rock, varying, as far as known, from eight to a faun- X^wther fanrily; lived with them in that city nearly kedlfcet in S & n e ^ ^ A wnsiderab^to percentage of this rookt ^9v Tbad the American.flag flying, as well aa the ship's pri-twelve yeers, and was in their possession tula few Karssince. From Charleston, Bam was carriedto vannah, and staid there forty years, and moved to thia taction about the year 1826. From the evidence of reliablepersons,andthe negro'sownstatement, he » aupposed to have been orer 140years old at the timeU composed of •nlphnreta, or iron pvrites, whichi contain rilver, but whether enough to pay forworidng remains to be shown.MThe reports from the Ish claim at Gold Hill in South- ern Oregon continue as favorable as ever. Some of the quartz hrenght to this cityisthoughtas richas any specimen of equal. size ever shown here. A tele-gram from Yreka says that twenty feet below the sur-rAdvertisement3BARNUM'S MU8ETJM.—TWO excellerit entertain-9t m death.[Macon Telegraph.Barnum gives lor twenty-five oeota {«*':* ^ V - . ^ ^ r * ' ^km*#**••.-•-'•*<>tive, Senator, Lieutex ant-Governor, and Governor of that State,• successively, holding office almost contin-The Genova brings $20,000 in treasure.FLOTH—100bblfl. Dunlop, Monoure &.CO.'B R'chmond extra,wife'from the care of the family, and to burden herwith the Mwhsg of her invalid, who only neededchange and recreation. His wife, no less determined uously from 1828 to 1844. In 1846, he crossed the Plains at $8 # bbhmodifications proposed by the United States Senate to the Cass-Herran Convention of Dec. 17,1857, passed the New Granadian Senate on third debate.HAMS—25ten- I. X. L , private.ftteamahipon which his passage' had been engaged. Assemblyman in 1850. He was a reserved, quiet, CANDMM—At auction, by De Ro & Eldridge, 200 bx*. ThahVs, from TheN. O. Picayune of the 2d, is alluded to in composed of Germans and French, and now numbering Milliona of Bottles of Mrs. WDSTSLOw's S O O T H -residence of John W. Bell. John W. Baldwin of Knight's Land- ing, to Mrs. Elizabeth L. Lyin. • xin San Francisco, Maroh 8, by the Rev. C. H. Northnp, Geo. sachusetts.theeastward, apt S w a a e: " - ; " The jreat natural Bone better.large number of spectators were present, and all were Dr. STKPUKX SWXXT of CennecUcnt7 stateB that during all this time he surprised and delighted at the simplicity and effective- I« known all over the United States.H*•In San Francisco, March 14, by the Rev. Dr. Sbott, R. D. Dick to Catharine Stevenson of New-Vork City.In Union, Humboldt County, at the reaidehoo of the bride's brother,JudgeJ.E.Wyman, bytheRev.A.Soolt,J.Culberg, formerly of Gottenburg, Sweden, to Mrs. Hannah M. Fales, for-boarded by an officer from the United States steamer viously described..at length in the columns of THEban Jacmto, to whom he related the particulars of this TRIBUNE.. When the Company had concluded their represented to-night, and Eustache Baudia thrllhnrfy M A M Jmerly of New-York.•wssa• .,•v . - /outrage,"and who requested aimtoreport thesame immediately upon hia arrivalln porti 'v; ; '!A circumstantial report like this deserves moreexhibition, which was receivedwithenthusiasticap- thisaft*rnoon. Addtothisthe attraotioa of theWHATI* Irt««•' ard the Zouave, the Sea Lion, tna Griaaly Bear, the L^aroedprobation, brief speeches were made in German and* Seal, andall tho other ourioattlae. What a world,of giaUacatte* i! - SOUTH AMERICA:•• • •: • • ' • ' • ' • ' ' ' :• •*.1.1 lit••• **^ m desired. Astotheexactnessofthestatement,more- SJ CompanT fc3*ggteg *****«<*&•FimInForestCity.Marob.6,ThomaaRaperto Saita•*•..•.„ nr ••JflelDepartoent. They£fi9* a £ * • • <» whichto car,^In Nevada, March, 11 HJarry Milla to Mary Ann Godfrey. -.;«&•;the' villsje' in Hujnboldt- County hitherto called ^UnloB,^aiidthe shire town of that County, mof SupsfVifiors of San Jbrancieco from granting the • In San Francifoo^March 8i Mra^ Ann Dwyer, aged 35 years j . " S ^ ihemea! employedia clearing the rains of.,:. .engagement having expired, he returns to England by masterE, formed for the purjyoee of relieving the wants. the Arabia on Wednesday: ofthe widows of deceased members. The amountA party has safely made the trip from Lieut. Mullan'sexpedition to Fort Benton and back in 46 days, cro3s-' journey. From the badness of the harbor it can nevering and re-crossing the mountain with horses, in Jan- be a place of any importance. About eighty miles that this enterprise is about $600 short of the amountuary. • • •«:• » '•' ' further down the coast is Manta, a small village, necessary to meet its regular expenses. In considera- of the Society having been compelled to pay a oonsid- ,A Vigilance Committee has been formed at Olym- situated on an open rbadsted, it is the port, of Monte- tion of the fact that over 700.drunkards of various de^ erable sum during the past year on propeity owned by pia, to prevent the town from being burned by thieves ChriBto, from whence most of the eo-called Panama grees and descriptions "-have lean started in sober them in Williamsburgh, a resolution was offered re- and gamblers. %• hats are exported. From Manta the steamers go ducing the amount paid to widows. After some dis-The Similkameen Eiver has been prospected for 90 without further stoppage to Guayaquil, from which courses, and provided with honest employments," andmiles up, and proves good as far as examined. place, after a delay of five days, they return by the the neighborhood where the Reading-Room is located cussion, the resolution was hxt. An attempt waa ther*to the Company. , .By way of Buenaventura, we received the latest claims upon the community for the ileeded aid. Con-the Society adjourned.THE ST.NICHOLAS SOCIETY.—Themembersofthis time-honored Society, to the number of about 250, as- sembled on Wednesday at the St. Nicholas Hotel, and celebrated in becoming style the festival of Paas. EggsLake Okina**w. - ^ Victoria to the 15th inst.We have datee ttv. -al was soon to sail from Vic- news of the revolution in the State of Cauca. Mos- tributions may be sent to the Treasurer, S. R. Corn- TheshipPrincess llc>. worth $600,000. aueraandObandohadtotallyrouted CariEo and h^s stock, Citizens' Bank, Bowery; or to M.S.Baach,i^lquera haa HK.^. ""40 t h « action, of Congress Aiv, y ^ 0 , ^ j ; <4311, at Jjawrence, having drawn off all',7thepemberton, ^ ^•§^ ^ ^ a jjeof bricltv ' . ' *^„-„A . . '1Bmith who he was looking for.it w^s aone ot his business, and mquiredif he wanted»'hesename is supposed to bemcrmoor—Mad. Gassier, M. Errani (tenor, first ap-PANAMA,April 2,1860. pearancehere),andSignorGassier. . - • • • > • : building. Thereportofthepistolcreatedconsiderableformal opening of this establishment on Saturday even-ing, but the grand inauguration ceremonies were re- in the middle of the street. The crowd waafor the commencement of so weighty_an undertaking as the opening of a new Theater, and the audience was by no. means of the largest.The play bill informed the public that the cast of the comedy was " not to be equaled in the city," and the play bill is probably right.A number of the names of the company are strange, tie bearers thereof not having appearedbefore in New- York. Mis. Brougham herself is favorably knownman named Clark i n a shocking mauner onSondajr night at the foot of Desbrosses street. No arreetewere made. V •MX'TINT—ATTEMPTED- MURDER.—On Monday eva- ning, as boats Nos. 1,2 and 3 ofthe Harbor Police were- returning from a shad-pole expedition, their attention was attracted by a signal of distress on board of the ship Ironsides, lying at anchor in the bay. The PoliceU.here as an actress, clever and capable; Miss Julia forthwith boarded the vessel, and found the crew" en-Whitehead, No. 64 West Thirty-fifth street; Theodorenot going to disband them'tiLu. " ^i and other Wlnthrop, No. 50 Exchange-place;? Salem T. RuessH, were cracked, Schiedam achnaps drank, long pipes"***• sat'fefactory^ it was said tiiat Mosquera would adva»..0D,i Bogota, and that he 'would be supported by the '•> , •/\.months will deteimine whether thete expectations are likely to The report of Sr. Gutierrez, Secretary of the Treasu- A SCHOOL RECEPTio>"~'0l'.e o f % ^ost interesting"former had borrowed them for some special occasions, not to he given. W e are all young; we.are all adven- as is usual among Turkish ladies. On arriving at her turers; we are all speculators; we are none of us tieddaughter's house, the kayaia-kadin begged her to place down; we can all of us afford to go to Washoe. (Thethecasketinsomesafeplaceforthenight. Thisthe "we"meansthepublic,notI—thatis,notyetatleast); introductienintoBritishColumbiaofalargoChtaesepopulation, itemsotinterest.ThepublicdebtofNew-Granadais lyheldinGrammarSchoolNo/*?*tlie8^^'schoolinbe realized. " . ;" The leadingmen in this Colony are strongly in favor of the ry, hasjust been published, aDd from it I extract a few School Receptions ever gi\ "*n "*t h e o i t y ^as that late-item enumerated is one wooden tub, $3. - England isWard, frcm which it was evident that Miss Marston did not resign her position at their invitation. At whose invitation she did was made manifest a day or two ago in THE TRIBUNE, under the heading, " Mar-fied as to the manner in which this per centage wascalculated, a suit w a s ordered to h e commencedagull^tthecompanybutsubsequentlyanarrangementwas proposed, and is at present beingcarriedout.known in California, has lately returned from Washoe, off to different parts of the island for nuts. They leave on Mon- According to a table which accompanies the report, pher Dyckinck, Auguste Delette, and Geo. Hepps, had been arrested aa yet, though efforts are being made to discoverMr.CharlesTrinins,ascientificGermanminer,wellwide,andcoveredwithcocoanuttrees),thereareabout4d0peo- ple en ployed. The men are divided into gangs, which are sent-A severe shock of an earthquake was felt in the remains in them. It is calculated 20 or 25 nuts will mate a gallon balance on hand, $529,041. The additional per centage mans were forthwith discharged. It would not do to worth $50,. from John Ma»ter»on, of No. 231 East 19th-«t.ofoil. claimed by New Granada, to December. 1858'"amounts Sacramento basin, from Stockton to Downieville, on " There are numbers of islands in the North Pacific, manyMatterson and the accused went into a saloon on Monday mxbt, where they took several drinks together. 8hortty after Mntet* son Ml asleep, when Casey took advantage of his somnolency to deprive him of his watch. Tbe watch WM pawned f»r a small sum, and tbe thief waa 'making merry on the proceed* when arretted. He confested to having taken the watch, butsaid he kitendedtohavereturnedit. Thepawn-ticketwasgivenup, old the watch reovercd. Casey was locked up for trial.• ^FATAL FALL.—Coroner O'Keefo held an inquest yesterday, at Bellevue Hospital, on the body of John Clements,allow them to be taken before a magistrate, as they wherever hie business or his pleasure calls him. This earthquakes were very rare and slight, as compared character as Fanning's Island, .covered with cocoanut trees, • 1 shall not at present, trouble you with any further might possibly have got their deserts. -a slaveholder has not the right to carry "his properly"the 15th inst. This is a district in which previoulsy, within a week or fortnight's sail of these shores, of the same to $37,998.which are only waiting enterprising hands to turn into gold.question is answered in the true Yankee fashion by with tee vicinity of San Francisco and Los Angeles. Cccoannf oil iButed very largely in the United States andEu- extracts from the report, although it contains a good• — •STABBINGAFFRAY.—OnMondaynightJohnRooney, a plumber, with two companions, after having attendedthe. capital should not be brought to this place; but that argument cannot be used now. The shock in Sac- ramento vras more severe, probably, than any one felt here within the last twelve years. Clocks were stopped, bells were rung, crockery was thrown down,has remained firm for the last four years."Commercial.MONDAY EVENING, March 19, 1860.stearterB from here to Chiriqui is spoken of, and I haveno doubt it would pay we)L It is said that two boats a theatrical performance in the Bowery, called at theare on the way out, and may Boon be expected here. saloon No. 237 Elizabeth street, where they were dis-room.—ST.PACX,Minnesota,electedCharterOfficerson chairsmovedonthe floors, andwalls wereseento to-d»y,theusualsteamer-day engagements havingoccupied unquestionable;buttheclimateandthewantoflaborScarcely anything in the way of sales has transpiredsons Bti)l continue to prospect. That the gold exists isMaiket when he fell from a ladder into the celler, a distance ofA graceful and affectionate parting address, terminatingvif'ardtnt—Jamet C. Townsend, M. D.; David J. Yonngi.Our Ciucea gold fever has died out, though a few per- cussing the merits of the performance whim they had a native of Scotland, who died from the effects of a ftlL The deceased was a painter by trade, and was at work on Tompkimtwitnessed.and two of his friends entered the place and called for death. A verdict ot " Accidental death " was redered.are against its being profitably woried.Panama is decidedly improving. New stores have liquor. Collins soon thrust himself into the society ofbeen opened, and we no w boast of two barbers, two Rooney, and questioned his dramatic criticisms in aloading or under charter to take Grain. The Chile No. 2, so and Wyoming are still in port; also, the British ship- cuts about his head and face, before he could be pre- years of age. a announced by a cotemporary. has not finished discharging, andwhenthisisaccomplished,willgotothecoastofMexico,to of-warCalypso;andtheClioisdailyexpectedfrom take a cargo of Uyewoods to Eurepe. Valparaiso.vented. The.woundedmanwaaconveyedtohisresi- dence, nearby, where bis wounds were dressed By a physician, who said they would disfigure him for life. Collins was subsequently arrested, and committed to answer by Justice Steers.SIKOTJLARAccmxNT.—LutetiaKnee,onherwayfrom Brooklyn to her work in Devlin's clothing: store, yesterday morning, was leaving Beekmag street to cross the Park,just aa a. clerk besiToonn*a,ing to Duncan & Sherman's establishment was leap-ing across the A pistol dropped} le gutter for the same purpose.from the gentleman's pocket to the sidewalk and went off when itscontentsenteredthe sewing girl's hand nearthe first fiaeer She was sent to the hospital, and every provision madeforher forsometime to come by the gentleman, who ia entirely exoner-n. terms.—. % .... marriagesand2>eatli»in California.MARRIED.At Douglas Flat, Calaveras County, Feb. 16, G.C Holmes toSusan F. Guun.In San Francisco, March 8, by the Rev. Dr. Anderson, at theChurchto S. Jane Herron, both of this city", formerly «f Cincinnati, vate signals. He adds that the followinj? day he was cess of their apparatus. Their apparatus has been pre- Ohio.pool, reports that on Thursday, the 8th of March, while aid in rescuing life and property which our firemen, on his passage hither, being off the Island of Uuba, inlatitude19°35'N.,longitude75°40/'W.,hewassev- whomaketheputtingoutof/thefireitselftheir- eral hours chased by a war Bteamer, carrying the specialty, proved unable to give. They gave an exhi- Spanish flag, who fired several irons, shotted, at theship..'' :. . •" . •afternoon, in preBenoe of gentlemen of the Fire De- when the war steamer came up, simply inquired the partment, of the Insurance Companies; and the press, name ofthe ship where she was from, and whither on their driH-grouhd, in the rear of No. 171 Chyrstie<4Cant. Swasey, fearing damage to his ship,hove to,While they were talking, Patrick Cpllinsabout30feet. Theinjuriesreceivedweresnfhcienttocausebition of their apparatus and practical drill on Mondayendangering" the lives of those w h o were insile theEoon' dispersed, and Smith was conveyed hometotherbfficnlUf.existingia-. -M^ eleJOQ beld ^JFKLL FROM A SCAFFOLD.—Coroner O'Keefe held an inquest yesterday at No. 121 East Sixteenth street, on tho '., body of George Slocum, who fell from a scaffold in Nineteenth-at.• ^rAdverttsementlmeats at Bamum's TO-DAY: JeanieDeana, inoomparahlyweflI 4,|!:r;i;,;• :."••; 'd%'v •.'.•• ••••' •' %••'••-f.^^i^'~3 ,11 iiiu"«JsjaC) *nteThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iBff?»?«*»««a^^www.fultonhistory.com— _a^fflSfeassttai? 