 w**m ipi §****; ««iNu Oar ipectal Albany Despatch.•nncn a»rrr>,-heufi WUWIO«P 3 t » t i p %«9- if—AftucATiOx o*?H« scrrarraoiwTO HAIRS TAX roa anilAt W|IFW»^*BOOU.TW FBR-»IW—RAILROAD ALL OVftR IBB CITT—DITIDIKO position members begin to get w *k IBtb- kh#*.'' H i. Atlantic ia the N » £ * r n IU DCBWHIBV1*^* a^ff^'^fi^^. TH-Bn'flfir*^?'/!a Rochester broker; aad aw Almost i ~ r y tnsxr~r~ **r*—*—Tl rnteilan a»ntm> city of Kew York will go tote Pond'a comrah tee aMcountrymen, except one incompetent memberfrimthe <ity_where it will bt ground Outtosuitthewishesaf intlatatuptinlianasoftherightpartyshadeThe notorious Lemon stove aaae, BOWup in the Courtof Appeal*, ts txpegtnd to receive a 4rmatos dunag aha present term. The republicans about the drtokiag sa- loons U Congress Ball aad the Marae H>ua are asav gratulaUng each other to the anticipation that th* wishes of the party wilt be gratified ia that decision. They as*St that aa the Oautt is now rightly constituted as to pan- i. ft will decide tho ease not allowing stares to tal transportedthroughtheState.BastheAptnesskanobbecomeapoliticalmach<nefroad Committee. Thai reference to m'****"*]? . TheGovenwxitalreadyimportuned byscore*ofappli-JUDICIAL warmers—sum FROM WASUISOTON,•altll Monday aighl. YORK LKGISLAIU'RE.to he naadeaemi moirthly,Bspucaor as w w O>»-'»"H-^»'-WT_T." -—*^.,•&.no.- LfP*»."~' J.I•\ •'-vl Auu*T,7aa.i3,18W 'S E W.-.-n. ••,....:« »wrnt«^rV ^d*» Atnaiir.Jaa.t.lBdO.Hi*. JeaBrsoa Brink and ex ©ev.gaged writing out ibser tr*e*bea thatevening. Thetoffl*-takmgoff the rOOfft lagitfortheirSouthernbrethrentoymLtUtotot them stolaweeredmthto atoming, barely anotice that they would be revised and publiabe • to morrow. It mutt have bean highly gratify tag to snymend tdaava*>ymo« ftnW to* and repu dtato what be said, by aating that he (rSeymour)but "few p-Utteal principles iu common uuhadpraceda*btax"CThaspeeches,however, will be arranged to-day to their private rooms,ha "Vastag to a wonderful extosk preaent todlcations, the pro rata tax and Uw iol^ng of the railroads will ba put through aa party sneatrurea. A number of the republican members of the House stale that they oonaWar that there is no doubt bat U r n t W b f thus. SenauTa. wulgo through ^the^Laajah>AiBAvr, Jan. IS, 13*0.lowing amounta annually by tax:-For CH/ Hoapltol, not been carried out, and have ooptod it in full.fdJOOO; for celebration of Fourth of July, fl,000; for Urn It ia signed by George E. Baker, ae Secretary, aud A. M.tbat flourish fast horses on Bkoomingdale, say to this pro-position, and how will it suit fetwjfelave tbnosaadaof dollars in stiver pUte aad other hixurtot of tato ktoato their brawn atone palaces t The bank presidents aad tions.levied. *See.3 ItshallandmaybelawfulforthesaidBoardofSupervisors of the county of Xew York to borrow, uponfollowing obt^cte:—To the enlargement and completion of the Erie canal, and to furnish an additional and ample supply of water on the Rome level previous to the 1st ofduring the continuance of such lettinc or lease, when such slips orwharviashallbeneededorrequiredfortawuaeoraceommo daoon of any of said linea of atetmboaat, it aha 1 be the duty of said harbor masters or other officers, and they shall have power forthwith to remove suck boat, ahip or vessel from suekthey a r e all freezing to death, " an asylum, where the wicked cease from troubling," to a decidedly interesting portion of the appeal, and ia but another proof of the barefaced hypocrisy o f those abolitionist fanatics w h oof Its railroad, as upon the whole line thereof.It provides also that the various railroad companies shall file a copy of their arrangements and cUsancations,or oorporations, to carry, transport or forward over thewhole or any part of its railroads, any property for lessor greater rates or prices than those which the said rail-road corporation itself would b e entitled to receive for thoreceiving,loading,tranaporting, unloading,handling,de-The last ballot stood as follows:—. Whole number of votes cast ' Necessary to a choiceFor 3. H. Imganne, ot the Sixteenth ward For F. C. Wagner, of the Seventeenth wardMr. Duganne was then declared elected.he be declared unanimously elected received some oppo- sition, but waa finally carried.Upon being escorted to the chair, Mr. Duganne express- ed bis thanks In ah appropriate speech.The following other officers were then appointed:— Messrs. Wm. Stokeley and G. C. Deane, Vice Presidents; Bcnj.W.Winans,Secretary; Jos. A.Kenyan, Ass»untred last anl arrasg-Sownte. 'Aiaaat, Ism. I i , »«•• Jwctors kre to hold ohVo for twO yearn, anfiIfbwtxjcewx- ffft« f/naow Mtttov-A Prim* Wrentor • / * * &<*$£Thai motion, after a by a targeterm of office of the present officers on the 1st of Septem- ktinre. They consider thattheirrenoisnaandntionbythe ber,andprovidefortheelectionofnewonesbythaBoardClerkquestion la a a interesting one, I nave ooptodit to fail, with full knowledge that the republican press will accuse me of circulating incendiary appeals for exposing theplans of their associates:—traw Tons Atax* STATS.At an Informal meeting ofper*oas favorable to the enactment of a Personal Liberty law. held to Albany ou the 12th day of gerdember. 1869. we following appeal wan adorned aad ordered to be piibdshed. A . M. Pu WELL, Coalman.GEO. B. U.«KKK, Secretary.AnnAI.to ma rnotLa or ms STATSor wew roan,shall the sou of the empire State be longer p dlute 1 by the track of the alave hustert . . .C ^ n o r ^ r e t T T r t ^ * ^ ^ TM » £ ? ' J * uo other way. The Central fiairroai interest may there- tore Veil feel atarmed at the oouraa things aro taking around the legislative halls.n w rumored this morning that Richmond and Ms asso- ciates are trs nig to hitch homes1 with the street passenger rauro*.. interests of yoir cH f, ana tans form a combina boa aaaintt touitg radroaJa, the bill preventw stack. hoMcrs votln| by proxy, aad la f a w of all the street TM*«nger ratfway eharters that m ay noma up. anould they iuccead in Curfcto* thuf ombuiation, there ia no U\l-of SnperTisora.By Mr. Fimsa (rep.)—To incorporate the New YorkBay Stjnmboat Company, with a capital of .oac Uuudrei thousand dollars.By Mr. FTSHIK—To extend St. Felix street, Brooklyn.To authorize the purchase of certain lands f >: the Sing grog prison.H\ Mr. MiixrxiN (rep )—To taeorporate the Minstrel Fund Association for the aid of members of the theatricalprofession.By Mr. Tcocan (rep )—To divide the Sixth Judicial P isu,e what schemes naaj tx* rhsbed through b y it.There have been alrea.lt enough bMia introduced and trict. makiDg the Eighteenth and Twenty Irst wards theacquired all the estate of the grantor, shall attach to the Shall we ourselves be subject to lis ca'l toshaseaid o&teb republican party. That portion of the party formerly Xu>»xi.—ntuid ;i*< <.ctfu*V>- rtqurat the passage of thatnotiu*-<l to occupy th« full t|me of the Legislature during Sixth district and the-SiifcenUi and Tweatieth wards theestate conveyed, or ran therewith as a burden upon sub- sequent grantees or owners.Us human preyTHhall we be subjected tofinesandimprisonment for refaalugacting with the-democracy in this State, now fermiog ruv;isu'e >.udt-.U£ s-stir*4 that the enlarged Bits no small portion ot the republican party, a'a up- Csi,il, >/l!ili.^..Mn;r U l. ..iu preclude succeaafnl coming jealous of the movements of this Albany m»uag.T coir,tUrn-D .m»i.., U i:.-.jj?purtation. oitber *ASt or West. and accuse Weed of trying to keep them n : v b«.'< by s>i Noxtlierncr Southern route, your petitioners win ground, for the purpose of pleasing and cat--*'- •-: ''»-•• IV. 1 i :;<> 'tthe one hundred daya, sadfwork, at that, night and day. A " rrindmewottmittee"' will have to be appoint, u, which will have more work to perform than any committee iuthat edacity amos 18*7. jL e g i s l a t i o n f o r t h e c i t y o f N e w Y o r k w i l l o c c u p y a l a r g eportion of the time of the legislature, and there Is a pre- vailing feeling to take every thing oat of the hands of the eity authorities, in the same manner that they did with the Metropolitan Police. Tha entire control of the city railroads will be taken out of the bands of the Common Council. Weed and asfrtenda are largely inleroated in the railroad schemes. iAn application has been made by the Supervisors of thej county of New York, for the passage of an act authorising them to ran» tax for certain purposes, and hwre preaenteda bill which provides lor levymg a tax, ia additwa to theEighth district, ^fBy Mr. VAN Hoata (rep.)—To authorise the laying oT adouble railroad track ia Brooklyn, Kings county, and New- town.N o t i c e w a s g i v e n o f a b i l l f o r t h e p a y m e n t o f t h e i n t e - rest on Canal drafts- „ „The House adjourned over UU Monday at seven p. M.j W o r k Befttre t h e Lefrtslatate. BILLS IK THE SKNATB.The bill Introduced b y Mr. BUumoxD, of Steuben, to authorize the construction of a railroad In Seventh ave- nue, and other streets in New York, grves the charter to Rob'-rt Baikley, William M. Pullie, Henry B. Hewett,thustodegrade*oddehumaniseourse)v<sfXuat our doors and hearts be closed to the naming, starvingYork.*tayi'Sheyeweeasyaarep ny*tfte^bucketeeespare* wrth w• hfctWt'hw nasi anas htuwnet ^tnttnaa. the. l/-«i«'»tare- If hatf the **tjzeni of New York do ant flud bills here reaming them lrcm then otra property, lbey,m»jfjt af'aawof '_raeftta herein orerided for, hi anr other 1 _iheretobe teg-Dsed. oerevt-wvwnmsnake biundlin,g witlmnt, they latur^U) actConkrton—delegation scattered about •Fthe Natetttiswtois»r. Fnmo(rep) totradaoed a WUewi H—gsj to the amount a f five hundredan extensive affair. They b a d better turn their attention to defeating legislation upon the Persanal liberty bill. By killing that measure they will obtain more credit than delivering buncombe speeches and adopting high sound-of Ways and Means, by one majority. ,Tbis has settled ilfluecce lii the executive abamber. Far each place Uhtr* thatquestionforthepresent,andmade tf ^m^fjj^ are as many aa a dozen patriots,feach of whoaihnedollars. Mr.noasacmcer (rep)introduced aMilrepealingthethe frionds of ft* measure shak asw dire* tatir eflbrWtousuffered most wonderfully for the party's sake. The saaat hmpoitonste 1 young McMullen, who it holding over, to consequence of a disagreement in the PHe has enjojed the patronage of the office of Portrtome five or six thousand dollars, to of the confirmation of a sneceaeor. The term of Mr Haft OrnaJ Appraiser expires, aad there are a tcoresfblack patriot* each expecting lt. B u t a s Ball U a touad republican editor out somewhere along the southern tier, ana aa eapeetol pel of Bray tnekiaaoa aad the bonombai Farmer Abell, there Is no such thiag uoistttng himT o 11t a g Freighvt o n tM e MlThe following peUUon to being circulated forfor presentation to the Legislature—Tb TUBHoKdBAJUX SaWATB ABB ABBBBtBU Of THB N*wYo&z:—We, the undersigned, dtisens of county,.,fatty request the attention of your honorable body to the necessity of pi otecting the legitimate revenue at the Brie Canal agaiuat, powerful aad competing railroad corpora-act appointing Commisatoasra *f R*wrd m Kew York- Mr. Comreu* (dans.) Introduced a bfll exempting the1a record of Bens to be naade and kept to the se>twra*oeunysums heretofore authorized to be raise 1 by speciaMaw, a•urn not exceeding two millions three hundred and sixty. George C Peters, and their successors and assignes. A ceeding fire par cent upon the amount of the recovery orseven thousand and forty ane dollars and thirty-one cents* for the following purposes—double or tingle track is authorized through the following st'-cts:— Ccmirencing at southern extremity of Centralclaim or subject matter involved."XBW YOXX WflAXTB AMD SUPSMr. Cutjom's bill to amend the New York wharvesand slips law amends section 1 as follows:—NkW YORK HERALD, SAfTjl»ATi #ANlTARY i fiMmfcl^Wte*®1*:togtg? imposition ^rapowert the loard of aAtatterwaaietatiadhere teat events* fromantomi Ne^ YOrlt and Smgs to f*p**f repubUoaamember ofCougr***,atatingthat,tiungs 0*0 tespveeors of aaeeere to extent itolookspiallyforlb<m,thatanumivroftheop- iktisnajlulsXtiiftaeaettaasBdotoWof Canada and the Great Weakof our great tataMever done.A dUawaiNBatK H U read sattofectortly all around; and ia tat main. Hew York Academ* of Mnak bnildlnf from all toxatten MsWwartt* Afilrtad In fSMnttteA Wlx6l*Q ataawVa\9M WMttMnat r u n , ing resolutions. , '' the pontic wffl torn but little idea of what was reallyThe numerous thrusts at the Central Railroad. and the general disposllton manifested by the Legialstare to tegto- lata for that road, ban brought Dean Richmond puffing «ad blowing to Albany. The railroad Interests are rally tagtheir forcesm preparationforthecomingstormIi 1 isiliiii m Til-—J "—1- ThelobbytoMed frienda of oorpsrasiani, and the member, are beast by them at the* hotels. In ahort, the work has ooaainenood and trots thto time to the eloss-of the seaaton the war.b«l relating to cutttof toe on the Hud- - tofor the next seven years.The bill for the repeal of the made tax equalisation lewwaa reported for the consideration of the Senate.Mr. HAMMOND(rep.) Introduced a WU for the construe. Hon of a railroad ia Seventh avenue and other stream mK Mr^McLsonMnjBWr(deca.)totradneedabilllegajla- iaiUairreaohiUon of the New York Oommoa CouneU of New York providing for the extension of the pier on Urn •oath aide of pier No. 1 North river.tain periodI have at kngth ascertained the origin ortho petitions upon slave hunting, that are pouring to Trom all sections of the State. It appears that there was a private meeting held hi tfcu ctty last September, at which they adopted an ap-W.00O, 23,000 60,000County conuagenctes.....Court House uorth slle of Kark.Deaf and Dumb Asylum.......Bection expensesHarlembridges(new)....iHouse for the detention ofInterestonloanslighting, cleaning and supplies for eounty offices 2T,500 authorized to be constructed; which said portion and any place on Long Island tiound, or the rivers emptying whom the responsibility of Uod's law uneeaamgly resto.Advertising.i' fe« OorooersPark; thence southerly, with doable track to Greenwich avenae, with siojrle or double track through Hammond, Fourth, Amity, Laureaa and Canal streets; thence across Canal ana through West Broadway, College place, Yesey street, Greenwich street, Battery place, State street, to South ferry; thence along same track to State street; upOfficers" and witnesses' f « * . . : Printing,stationery,kc. Police Fund Potieeoonttngenciea....30 (MX) shall commence where the track now laid down Into said Bound, or between said city arid Narraganseti day t V 8 — P,ease give every man and woman te your town an that is promising to work Into an open warfare. TheyRents «•• >•••«*•• ••••«••*••;• .ssiassiati* ••*«•»•• iiij^wi Rei*irn to county buildinga 15,000 Salaries, Legislative department 3,300 Sahtrlea.ExecuUvedepartajent...., 60,00e Salaries, Judiciary '. 224,720 lorestimateddeficiencyintheproductofthetaxes assessed, arising from abatements, remissions and corrections made by the Board of Bapmlaate, ia pamaaoe of law , and fromlosses of taxes on persolAi ottate 6SfiG\Well street, South street, Fulton street, William street, Ann street, along Broadway to Barclay street, through; Barclay, Cbureb, Canal, Mercer and Eighth streets, dia- gonall/ across Sixth avenue to Greenwich avenue, there connecting with the track where it crosses said avenue aa abovespecified. Thebillexemptsthecompanyfromthe operations 0'° the act of 1854, relative to the oonstrucliou of railroads in cities, and of the General Railroad Incorpo- ration act of 1860.covrUHio* or Tint OAKAIAMr. Prosser's bill to provide means for the completionconducUng and detog the buaineaa m wmeh they are engaged. >Section 2 is amended aa follows:—rialO,200^76 23,427,8*8 43,731JBi •Eattoaated.Shallwecontinnetobetaxedforthesupportofrail- road monopolies ? If not, sign this petition, aad forward to the member from your district.C i t y F o i l t t e e . MEXT7NOOFTBXAJfXUCAMOSMSBALCO«hnTTX«.The delegates from the several wards to this body held a meeting tost evening a t 187 Bowery, F . C. Wagner being temporary chairman."After the calling of the roll—by which forty two dategateswereascertainedtobepresent—theCommitteeim-tion af the slave ia the Sooth, and calling Canada, where raili oad, at the same rate per ton per mile, upon a portion mediately commenced the ballot for regular President.300,000 S,3W> 125 .UXJ 25.000Whenever the owners of any wharves and slips oa tfee R is* river, now eeeopted by any of the steamboat ltaea hereinafter mentioned, or the owners of any wharves and alipsoa theit ttrly to January to the liegUlaiure..the faith of said county, in anticipation of the receipt ofthe taxes levied and assessed by them for county pur- July next, and to maintain at all times thereafter rally slips or wharf, so for aa may be necessary to accommodate will kick a poor white man from tuelr doors that ask foraad specifications, signed by the officers of the company aad duly acknowledged, in the Canal Department at Albany, within ton days after the adoption or making the tame.42 222317 4 (thereon, the whom amount of the said taxes so as afore- Cayuga and)Seneca canal), to be so tar completed before fchips and vessels, provides that whttnevar a debt amount- aatocttoaaie tsaJtom for- the blacks of the South, which said levied and assesse 1, and to issue bonds or oeruueav the opening next tpring, at to give a full width of 70 feet ing to fifty dollars or upwards shall be contractea by the lasts until they get him into Canada, where they leave aimof indebtedness for the money 83 borrowed, which shall and full depth of seven feet channel to all portions master, owner, or his agent, chartman, builder, or con-' uncared for lending a miserable life.be known and dwticsuiah'-u as "County Revenue Bon Is of and fully seven feet of water to be maintained during the theoountjofNewYork,'?andpayablewithin one yea* navigableseason. Thesaid canals andtheBlackriversignee or any snip or vessel within this State, for cither of Our time ball on the Capitol works admirably. It ia thefollowingpurposes;— droppedattwelve o'clock from theobservatorywithin 1st, On account of%ny work done or materials or arti- the fraction of a second. A bell is struck In tha Senate notexceedingsevenpercent parannum;sail bonds to countsclosedbythe1stofJanuary,1861,whentheEngi. clesIurnlsbtdtothis Stateforortowardthebuilding,re- andAssemblyCtambers bytheimpulse. Wecandothefrom the date of the same, with interest th-reon at a rate and Genesee Valley canals to be completed ana the aclivering and doing the other things aforesaid respectively, Secretary; L. W. Parks, Treasurer; and Messrs. Andrews,accordingtotheprovisionsofthisact. Wbitaker, Stokeley, Frost and Scofield, Commiuee onbe signed by the Comptroller of the city and county of neer Corps snail be reduced to three Division or three pairing, fitting, Ac , of a Bhtp or vetsei.NewYork, countersigned by the Mayor of said city, and Resident Engineers. The bevels are to be cut out from 2d. For such provisions and stores furnished Within sealed with the common ttai of said Board of Supervisor!, the bottom of the locks on the Erie, Oswego, and Cayuga thts State as may be fit and proper for the uae of suchSec 3.—No railroad corporation shall, directly or indi- Rule*.rectly, pay back any portion of the aggregate sums A motion was carried that the officers of the variousattested by the clerk of ttfe said Board, provided that the aiju ego's ansa of all the hands so issued shall not excess the aggregate sum of the sat 1 taxes so as aforesaid levies and assessed for county purposes for the current yeai, and that the same shall in no ease by disposed of by thislattonsthan their par value. TneabovebtUianow.kathehandaof theformrn.ilteeofCttieaof Tillages. 4All sort of measures arefiodhyr their waytatothe Senate k« regard to Mew York. BsnaaorflpmeJaopened the bail on the BrookJjn ferries, by introducing the following bill Mlthe Senate:—That no individual, or' corporation, or company shall or raeefre a greater compensation than , tor the conveyance of any perum across thatv« ssel at the time when the same wore furnlsbeL3d. On account of wharfage and the expenses of keep-receiving, loading, transporting, handling and de- meeting of the Committee.gti'.t f at mau«sne»uer •Commodore Vui<:«rbiA ' m » * . a»r,-.> a«g ivr t^g.issauoa,as will be seen by th«fon»w»g Senate •- - —SVery railroad is required to convey any property from bany.portat on respectively, over or upon which the Btme is carried as aforesaid, when the same is carried only on those other railroads, vessels or other lines of transportation or carriage alone respectively- No railroad corporation of this State shall pursuant to any such combination or agree- ment, or in furtherance thereof, charge er receive a leas sum or price for the carriage, transportation, receiving, loadingorunkiading,handling,deliveringofanypropertyand Seneca canals, where necessary, so as to give unitormwidth of eighteen feet, as near as may be, on the mitresill, and all bridges to be raised twelve feet from the sur-face of full water. The expense to be paid out of the ing such vessel in port, Including the expenses incurredsame to New York at the Custom House If agreeable. Ourball is four feet in diameter, and is seen and watchedfrom every part of the city. The ball ordered by Messrs. respectively, so as aforesaid to be charged by it for the Councils elect shall appear for instalment at the next Bloodgood k Tileston, of New York, Is well under way,and will combine many improvements upon ours. Itought, we think, to fall thirty or forty feet, to be seenwell from ail parts of the harbor.proceeds of the said tax. The bill makes It an offence punishable by not less than one year's imprisonment and not lees than tl,000 fine, to draw water from 'he canals, tenants or reservoirs during the season of navigation.BILLS IW THB ASSEMBLY.Mr. Ftttftor's hill relative to the freight tariff on railroads is similar to its provisions to the Pro Rata bill ctMet session. It requires the publication at a certain date,of classified lists of the several grades of property pro-in employing to wnteh her.4th. Un account of towage or pilotage service renderedto her within or into the waters of this State.Such debt shall be a lien upon such ship or •easel, her tackle, apparel and furniture, and aboil be preferred toall other liens thereon except mariners' wages.Sec. %. When the ship or vessel shall depart from tha port at which she was when such debt was contracted, such debt shall cease to be a lien at the expiration of sismonths after the return of such vessel to such portBut in all cases such lien shall cease immediately after such vessel shall have returned, unless the person havinglivering (and doing the other tilings aforesaid) of property as aforesaid, or make any deduction there- from, but shall, in all cases, keep and retain each and all sums received by it for said receiving, loading, trans porting, unloading, handling or delivering any property aforesaid.Sec. 4—No railroad corporation shall, directly or indi- rectly, or b y or through a n y officer, or servant thereof, combine with, or make any agreement with, any other person or persons, corporation or corporations, for the receiving, loading, transporting, handling or delivering (or doing oth-r tb.ii gs aforesaid) any property transport- ed on any other railroad, vessel or line of carriages in the course of that transportation, for any l"~s sum or price tiianLthe aggregate of the price which, according to toe arrangements, classification sad specification aforesaid, the said railroads would be entitled to receive if the property was carried only ou its own rail, roads, added to the local tariffs, ordinary rates and charges for the transportation and forwarding of the same kind of property respectively at the time being, overA gentleman said that be bad been looking around the room, and could not see bis friends on account of the smoke, and as it was disagreeable to him, be would move that the Committee on Rules be instructed to prohibit smoking a t the meetings of the General Committee.part of the East river lying between Bridge street ami posed to be transported over any Hne of railroad, with a such lien shall a 1thin sixty days after such departingALBABT, Jan. 12,1S60.GOT: Morgan's Parly—The Knickerbocker Phmili>x—Stre*i Patunger Railroads—Albany and Susquehanna RaU road—taxing imntriet—lke Republican State Central VrntntUee—Pro Rata Tax BUL, am.The Governor's party was well attended last evening by the members and officers of the Legislature, and others now stopping at the capital, as well as a large number of tha citizens of Albany. The original Knickerbocker families, however, kept themselves aloof; the pedigree of GOT. Morgan Is not altogether satisfactory to this class of the Albany aristocracy. He has too much of the YankeeThe motion was carried, and the meeting adjourned.UHFOBTTXATX APT Am A T HARVARD COLLKOX For some time past certain "college tricks" have oe*n practiced by the students of Harvard University, which have been quite annoying to the faculty, and not quite c-editabl3 to the young men who have performed them. Still they were not banging matters, nor acts requiring the employment of armed force to suppress them. So much for preface. The particular misfortune which has involved respectable people ia trouble, and placed tho Utiversitysin an unjust relation to the students and their parents, ia fftis: For some time past the Bibles of the cha- pels ot Harvard and Yale Colleges have been missing, and it was known that they had been abstracted by the students of .the respective institutions, who desired to place the New Haven Bible in the pulpit or the CambridgeChapel, and to like manner, to place the Harvard Bible to the Yale desk. The Yale College "token ' bad perpe- trated their "joke. ' A t two o'clock yesterday morntog, a Cambridge student, Mr. William II. Forbes (son of Mr. John M. But bes, of ihto city), attempted to enter the chapst with a view of "eastatatog the honor of aid Harvard." S a far this was harmless enough, although a violation of col- legelaw;butyoung Forbes, whiteenteringthechurch, was seized by policeman Hilton, who waa ptaoed to. the church to detect the authors of previous uuedemeanorx. " A vigorous resistance w a s made;" and now we give the narrative of a person who baa a close knowledge ef the facta—"daring which U.e deteetive discharged his revolver, without injury to the student, who struck him a heavy blow with a Baltimore billy, and then surrendered, being apprehen-Bed Hot* Pesnt at the ttry of BrooklynAny easntr ar eaastapee of any company or sssneaabosl,or any pernee haraw cfcaffe at «*y boat aaed for ferrf-mrpurp>jses "o tiie East frer, becween the pomtt aboia per mite. When articles are cot classified in any of the different counties on the Hudson river below the counties named, t t y , sttail ehav ge, 4-m»ad or reeetve any greater said grades, then the price is to be stated at which suck of Albany and Renaw laer, and on the Long Island Sound, compt-s»anoit ttaaa n saital*: i tn* first SCCSMO of that ueciasjutted articles will be transported by the car load, shall be filed in the office of the Clerk of the city and act tor U.<> stimx aut.-fx- maiiOrwwc. shafil he dosaaap barrel,package, or other known quantity. The price to be county of New York. For all liens created in the otherfull and complete specification of the rate at which each cause to be drawn up specifications of his lien, which shaflgrade or description of property will be carried per ton be sworn to and tiled in the County Clerk's office.For all liens created on such ships or vessels in thatt^to,th»nroriptooa>fthisact.jwejsafaby§waaVrdu« ' Mr. Gotax-s hIB to^p^t^Bfteenamr--on.Notaword ThoWTItoamendIndMeUoaoftheactfortheincK-punastiocyasfixedbythefcpaMawravattohaaeotxtlFUk-TUPlacewkarnft*rfflonalQ$*frtm fr******All"ofthemembersalongthihneoftheArgueporationofeompadtntonavigatethelakesandriven waatomakeitapplytolhe*aWi»of Loa«Wand8»tt»4 was read a third time and passed.charge. MrJontalntromicesabillmefffcre-ByWaeaaH*F*Utm*"*9*mb^ Jwereexceedingly anxioustorefer ittotheJudge and Clerks ol the «Mp Gaart of^Brooklyn, fr"ir«rthe desire o f t h e Railroad Company, who fear t h u toJssterrs, wharfage, and lewage or ^^ :r* ^ ° J ^ T f fanother direction.Some half a cozen notioea were seat in this morningfor the future introduction of btrto organizing a s many base ball dubs to the eity of Mew Yarn, Indicating thatA large number of btlto were totroduced, la the House this morntog, upon all manficf of subje?»; Wtongat them wasonefiomMr. Lane, of Delaware, W proYWe tor tax liquidation or the State debt, wmeh MwvldV tor • texaf onepercentuponalltheluxuriesofaboWealthy,seena* paintings, Statuary, gold and silver, horses aod carriages; ateo a tax of one dollar upon gold and silver watshes worth over t50, and fifty cento tar those worth $2*; it saw provides a toxof two par cent upon the saUry or all persons holding office to the State ia pursuance of anycharge/for loading, handling, delivering, A c , Is alsotoba counties bordering on the Hudson and on Lake Cham- blood in the original Dutch families of the State. Theyact forth, ar.d is limited to a certain percentage by the act, plain, the notice shall be filed in the Clerk's office at Al- have a perfect abhorrence to all that undertake to put"That permt-sion be. aijd th* aae|e a nwretfy g*re» to ft w. / tec tiauoo to any other station on its line at the same The balance of the bill provides for the legal course to themselves forward whose antecedents are not of therYanderbttt.fbq . to wtdeaj the small pwr s M|e £ 4 S •* ifki p>.r toti vr other measure or quantity, per mile, as is be pursued in attaching said vessels, filing warrant, sale,true Knickerbocker stamp.When, in the course of human events, persons re.movetoAlbany,these Knickerbockers areseeneyeingpier No. 1 North river oe tn- tom^^-j I M . m m to e*»r§ed tor through freight No article of property Ac make the same 40 test wtue, ant u.-=;. a >« r-xxea&efi eutrrvjed an any railroad ia to be charged for at aparallelwithpierNo.1Uitheexterow ja«atacuftutdk »r**furUauapurutUon exceedingdoubletheratethatis of 150 feet from said pier, under ia>.- iir^arm ee Us> fiiajf«d per vmvetr mile upon the lowest article-Our Albany Correspondence.iswenpa, at the southern extremity of fart, ranamg through said avenue with aOreenwick ad to Fourth i avenue to Amity to Lasowsa, through Laureng Canal to Watt Broadway and CMlegaplace where such Yankee Interlopers upon their rights satsat to Mailtij ptoee, toonce throrigh Buiery •aetfoat Tbesaid Oontraetiafl Board shall d vide the Sa- uni. a below Utia city. That partial Improvement IB- are to be found. It will be well for those who intend tothe power of appointment tram the detracting to the atone, taro-iab T«aey street, across ine blocx b«tave«s] Canal Board. The bid repeals the following sections orBirtKilisg a dyku and excavating the channel at the pointtherefore keep themselves aloof from all parties and everyand ateo enacts that the provisions of the bill shall apply to each and all railroad corporations now incorporated or hereafter to be organtotd or Incorporated under any law of this State.AI.IUXY, Jan. 10, I860.•saey sad rastto •avaeet, tkswee through urennwica the Contracting Board law of IW7:— ^ ^so iatitiliady known ax tuo •'Overslaugh," four or fivepases t» Stats strwat, t» WhWekail, through Wbi>». na'sanduk«rimprovementaofthiattuie mmnotmof lau aaw to atoaSk torry, ap WhHelwMi and Broal. twelveaubdtvliioti*,«aokofwhichaubdivtalonahaUbewkollr to Wilhaoi wWimoiieof the three general dtrisions of said n*n*it ^iat eacmect wito anoui^e anhhV ^oaprovementa iafin*roadaaawoyanaanvrned,whr,banaJlcorn• :the*aid(VtctraeimtBoard.-hallapoointthree«v|.movedtoeobstructionsfromthatpoint,butthoveryyear the tame bars accumulated near Castleton,makeapoliticalpilgrimagetothisdty,inthecapacityof State office!*, to practise upon the pronunciation of thena Wee* B.o«l*»7, %2J^35!^,l!^,g!£LiT**tDl iBeadstreettoCentre street,«"Wiw«« aa the aaU difficult aa previously at tho Overslaugh. All tho appB- that, it would in a measure offset tho lack o.* purenor—NewYork,arfinal,Ignored—JnriHonbyOffice pistolsinthiscase. Noaaemorekeenlyfeelstheeon-&xkers—Potcer o/the Lobby—the Lemon Case, etc., 4c.The struggle for the championship of tha important Le-gislative oommittees bas ended. Mr. Conkling, of the cityofNewYork,whowaaentitled, according to alllegisla-tive propriety and parliamentary decency, bas been oustedfrom the chairmanship af Ways and Means, which b e heldduring the atto ntrxton. He has beenplaoed in an inferior quest on the body of Isaac C. Bennett, 00 years of ags,a position,Bne^Cnaneallorsbiphasbeen awardedtoMr. nativeolNewHampshire,anda painterby trade,waa,throogfc 6ta*fe«t*etana CMy Hail antmre ve Naa-MsMan laoe, throath •byitoHartstreet,throngs Banrl to WailIITMI, y*Bte SnwfhaMft^t, Ihronfk Sswtk to Fitton,' 2 J * to Witoaaa, llfoagb WilRvn to Ann tweet, . J i y j y * to Braatway, titanee aanag SreUwa/thronth Greenwich avooueabove sooaifted.The Brooklyn people araatoato ! » . .wraflwaya. Mr Ftoher introdaoad a wjna%Z' V " • » ?Sfawaasawz&=gVcaaae and run aa many branohea aa thev £2*' T eoastrskhftoardonjktouack.fromtheir2 , ?!1?1**»ed engioeers, shall be ap- hoard wnkewt the oaasentof theStUe'encinoiatvn lamaakaaisrtogentaapoatible.g the offices of City --, fTiecitizensofAlbanyarejustsawnaaMMBaWtySrakisSuchf iexcitement to preparation for a meeting on Thursday night,at least four feet abo re the ice, as warnings.Itnardatot^kepAupnntUthntoerttlto opening* ©rdttt,tingshasreformedatleastsixinchesthick. AnyneglectI s t o i misdemeanor, punishable By imprisonment jmdSae, and the parties violating the act to bo responsible out, with instruction to tear off the appeal before sending also in private damages for any injuries to Individuals.The bill was referred back, on mouou of Mr. Garretaon, the petition signed to Ska Legislature. This has beenAdjourned tOl Monday at seven o'clock P. M.corporationsandtheanti-oarporattoa Mr.CAKUOOIintroducesabintoamendBrooklynchar-.instances.Inlookingoyerthepetitionsthismorn-It shall be the duty of the Harbor Masters, or of aayoffieeror ofllcera ot seat eity, who are now or hereafter shall be em-poweredbytow.orbyanyordinanceofsaidetty,toregulateand,stationshipsandvetaelamiaaharborolsaideity;andtheyshall* ia with a half a doaen names. Manyof the petitions have power to prohibit a a d prevent all ether beats, ships andvessels from entering any of die Blips, or approaching or lyinnat any of the wharves so let or leased under the provisions orthe lirst section of this aet, when such slips and wharresshellbe required for tha eat and accommodation of the fines ofsteamboats therein referred to. In esse any boat, ship, or ves-Total 03,387,041 ofthecanals,imposesataxofonehalfofonemilleach selcotentitled,accordingtotheprovisionsofthisact,touse Thepicturesdrawntotheaboveappealofthecondi- Everycompanyshalltransporte.cbandspamidwaySec. 3 provides that taxes thus levied shall not be ap- year, in 1*60 and 1361. The proceeds to he applied in said wharves or slips shall have entered any ofplied for any ether purpose hut that for which they were amounts or proportijos, to be hereafter filled in, to the aatd slips, or shall be lying at any of said wharvesposes for the current year, such amount of money at seven feet of water. To the enlargement and completion the steamboat* entitled aa aforesaid to the uae of said slip or alms, and scorn the free negro in their midst, but pre-may be uecissary to meet the expenditure, under the ap- of the Oswego canal and the Cayuga and Seneca canal; wharf. tend to be half crazy in sympathy for the wefl fed negroprupriauoo lor said year, before the said taxes shall have to the completion of the Genesee Valley and Black River msuxna AOAnrsr smrrora. of the Booth. But they find this running off slaves verybeencollected,andtopledgeandappropriateassecurityrot canals,andtorebuildingthetockaontheObamplein ThebillintroducedbyMr.A.Smith,ofNewYork,to! oftenprofitablebusiness,andaamoneycontrolsthingsto Secft.—Norailroadcorporationshall,directlyerindi- thepaymentofsaidnwaeytoborrowedaudtheInterestcanal.TheenlargementoftheErie,theOswego,andthegovernproceedingsforthecollectionofdemandaagainstthisworld,ittonottobewonderedatthattheyhaveanrectly,permitanyotherpersonorpersons,corporationA motion thatALBAXT, Jan. 7, 1800.Street CommiKiocers " L.••,.,.<s IB the tariff list, except it be coal or ore. The Dijfii•ultu't in Navigating (A« Hudson River—Large Sum deputizing some one of their number to a3certain their carried over OT upon any railroad, vessel or line of car-A city railroad bill wae also introdoeed m lae 'V<j*'* •MM pn-M tor reoeirmc, Wndmg, handling, *e., shall bo riage or transportation than the aggregato of the price,thai mondng by Senator psaaaaond- wiaca gftm mk.e*<w canvas^ ^ way as on tfcroctgb freight, aud no railroad is £zp<m!td Utdmdy—Sand Bart eery Troublesome and pedigree. Should it be found that the pure and unadul- which according to the arrangement, classification andthe city. curving and twilling ar >und at a WCK*iar'. J rati u>t •• '*•- **•* •tat** on it* isa* any more or belter facili- Amuyxny—A New Flan Promoted to Improve On NaU- terated Knickerbocker blood courses in their veins, they specification aforesaid the said railroad would beIts passage, however, is cons!1?red oartaa. It %said «*• Jar r»«ietvtog «*rd^paichtog freight than is given to gatitm, etc., dx. at once receive assurances that they are welcome to entitled to receive if such property was only teanx- mat noses have been coanted in the o>rcute, aa-j tha at) •*>*? rtattxi U<<rt*» a piam Itatof freight tariff is portiid over im railroad. Any railroad corporation whichcants for (tiefew anpeinuneets he has to bis power to be- measure will be strangled in the Cbrontittee of Ways and stow. Ike Mew York applicant* far harbor misters aad to tare tha Union. Members of all political parties are Means, and therefore exhibit a great deal of reeling upon pott wardens—the law allows eleven of the former and engaged In the movement, and it kfbOW proWtlng to be STo^catlon. AfteraleiigttymkrjaejonRwaa voted to four of the lattcr-*ie bunicg about the capital like beat, refer all petition* referring to Ous road to the «»toto*ttf* and mixinz in pith every person who to expected to havepeal for the purpoee of circulating throughout aba State, to connection with a petitiontoDesigned. Theappeal and petition were printed upon the same paper, and sentstrictly observed, with the exception of two or threetar, by empowering the Common Council to raise the fol- ing I found one with which this precaution bad ^Wna" wul^oinSrVanderbilt and the other festmeato b* reported complete.By Mr. COoraa (rep.)—fo provide for the election of in- Department funds of Western and Eastern districts, Powell, Chairman. In looking over the Albany Directoryspector*end canvassers in NewYork; to terminate the$l ,600—to be apportioned according to the taxable pro- perty or each district; for city dispensaries, $1,500.Mr. a Kazan's bill to amend charter of Long Island Railroad Company empowers the company, upon consent of a majority of two thirds hi Interest of the stockholders, to construct aad operate branch railroads, with single or double tracks, from Its main road to any points on the East river or Long Island Sound, to Queens and Suffolk, and to any points in said counties south of the main road.,Mr. CouroiA.Vs bttl to amend section 140 of chapter 1, title 2, part 2, of the Revised statutes, provides as fol- lows:—Sec M0. No covenant shafl be implied in any con veyance of real estate, whether such conveyace contain special covenants or not; and no covenants made by, or on the part ot the grantee of any conveyance of real estate, by which conveyance such grantee shall have taken orI can find but one Geo. E. Baker, and that la the Deputycashiers, as well as insurance officers, may find aemelbiag that interests them to that bill.The Republican State Committee will meet here on Tuesday next, to fix the day for holding the Conventioa to elect dekgaiee to the Chicago Convention. The Convention for tlua.purpose will be held to this city about the tost of February. A portion of the committee are also desirous of fixing the time and place for holding the State Conven- tion to nominate the 8tate and Electoral ticket, whilst others desire to leave thai for future action. The present indications are that a full programme for the coming year will betully marked out, aad all the private arrange menu, except thase that Tuurlow Weed may find it nooes- 8*rv to do privately to conciliate the American sentiment to the Stake, to which he to now directing his eilo.'s Upon this point there is a fair p.-ospoat of a breach in theWhile the credit of our State hat been aearly exhausted to promote its welfare, and that of its citizens, to the can- airuction of a public work, which, for its sasaasftnda and facilities, is unsurpassed in the world, we nottoe en MB bai*ks a railroad of recent date, dividing profit* by Bul- lous, derived frcm the legitimate revenue at* the canal, thereby throwing an over wheha:ng burden of to rattan upon our c i t i z e n , seriously embarrassing the State Trea- sury, and threatening to sacrifice the entire canal interest to the greedy enterprise of private monopolies.Your petinonerp woul.t. n.-r^'ore,earnestly recomamnd tlio cuuUi.iM.i <•: a )i,w far .ue purpose of tolling freight carried o v r a!'. •;»lr«* 3 of t h a Stat > having competing lctiif ?'s '••>'h ;',.' oar.;.'> dniing the season ot canal nari- gS'i';iL M i aLo-^u.ly-'J.i.g llu theory of the pn rat* fit cLi b ': c &*> >;.-J u) , t-u. honorable booy at it* lastMr. JBJTOBD'S bill to Increase the powers of Supervisorsgives the Boards powers of local legislation In all CA3es ex-cept as to acts of incorporation, or the division of counties; leas kidnapper that would drag him back to ike woe > of the r e q u i r e s t h a t b e f o r e t h e p a a s a g e o f a n y l a w t o r a i s e m o n e y p i r i ^ i r i " rn m a s s w s j t o k j t o a a s s s e a p e d f otherthanforordinarycountyexpenses,noticethereof Mustwehelptosendhimbaektothelandofchain*andtor-shall be published once a week for six weeks, to the daily or weekly paper of the county, and if the amount to be raised exceeds S10.000 In one year, it shall b e submitted to the electors of the county and receive a majority of affirmative votes before it becomes operative.Mr. JAQUXS' bill to amend the Cade of Procedure pro videa that "in difficult and extraordinary cases when a trial hss been had, aad to any of the actions or proceed- ings specified in section 308, the Court may also, in Hs dis- cretion, make a farther allowance to any party, not ex-tures trotn which he fled, tm-ourh troops of bloodhound* seent- iug out his track; through forests, where wild beasts prowl In the darkness; through nvert and dismtl swamps with no eye topiU liru ive God's, sbinhig ihruugh the North Star, {His despairing child to the nearest ssj lum, where the wicked cease from troubhng?EertoAia, se.emn. momentous, are all these inqulriea! What shall our am w er be? First, we will ask the Lawntetnra te pa* a law that shall forever protect our St*te from the desecrating presence of the slave hunter. By the Fngtdve Slave bill of JMo© we are sow forbidden to shekel er assist the moat forlorn danger who ever appealedlor aympathy aud aid. Fines and imprisonments Impend over us for ererdbdng one of the nolle U ehariuesof our retigton. The law of God is defied—vlee, the foulest,theblackest,nexaltedtovirtue;whilevirtue,hamantty and holiness are la«isliiied into crimes, and Heaven's owe eon dmoos of talration are impiously reversed.L b . A &t i : . c * > e l U u i f c a n d c a l c u l a t e u p o n t h e c o s t a n d receipt* ot cut State canal* and railroads. Witness, that while our c.iizeiit, are laboring under an annually incises iLg canal debt, a powerful railroad monopoly has grown up, at on.- time dividing among its stockholders profits to the enormous amount of tn,SO1,500—a sum greater than tlie original cost of the Erie Caual, and has ever since paid fat dividends at the expense of o ra^anal revenue.Thecoatofour Statecanals,aaperreportof 1S53,was f54.3Bu,<ftb. The cost of the New York Central Railroad when consolidated, an 1 State tods taken from her freight (in ISM) was»*4,i64^50. Theannual grots receipt*of these two instil utions for the past seven yeara baa been B£ follows:—Compare the Railroad freight oolama with the Caael busuHss: that explains the whole matter.KriedCkam-piatn canal*. , • New York Central RaQnai • >Total Pamemgers. Freight Other S rax. ffatil. 1S63..$2,928,663 2,8»,ftt* 1.886^72 Uft,270 4,7S;,4ft8 JSxM.. 2.7M,376 8,1*1 ,SU» 2,479.821 287,000 taiS.tAO UfA.. 'i.dSdjHfl a,242,-i2» e^87,60g 181,740 6,S6:.»81 l^of... '2,4i*8.r28 8^07^78 d.326,041 171,vS» T,Tw7,»t8Whitehall street and Broadway toBeaver street:40,000 through Beaver and William to Fulton street; transporting iiassengert and freighrttTniettween the citftfy orf nNe~w dared appeal in the name of Ood aad humanity; and tni« ap-toconnectwithanotherportionoftheroad Yorkandany)placeontheHudsonrivert,orbetwtenttheekypealismadetoyou,reader,whoeveryoumaybe,asoneupon15,000 inWestBroadwaycrossesReaJestreet,thence wPh sin- 1,3M,5«Q g'e or double track through Reade street, Centre street, 6,00(1 CryHallsquare,Nassaustreet,Maidenlane,Pearlstreet,orbays adjacenttheretoorruaninsto andfromtheeityof opportunitytosignthispetiion. OnornearJanuary1,1880, will,however,trytokeeptheir grievancestothenwelves hew Vork, the wharves aad slips so leased shall, during Uu it should be forwarded by a reliable hand to the Legisiaure for the present. and thus make another struggle for the termofthelease,beKeptandrsesrvedfortheexchunveuse• Bykunionofeffortandadivisionoflabortoeatotown,uV nationalcrib. andoecupanevofsuchsteamboUstotheextentneeeiearyfor' workofgivingthepeUitonathoroughcirculationwfllbeac-friendauf the anhevne knew where they «uai. It ta (MSS t« b* h>-jR cuktfpKUAMly at every «*r>jt, freight hrnise The channel of the Hudson river, for a distance of some the fireside of the first famine* of Albany. Thus, tho shall deliver at any point any property carrried upon Its afWeed'apatbills,uponwhichhesaajpes'4*and*w*.u,andwhamsackinahasbeenfiledwiththeflftctnortwentymiksbelowthiscity;isaconstantss>pedigreeofGovernorKingwastothemeverywaysatis,railroad,whichshallinthecourseofthatcarriageorsiveofasecondshot.Thetworemainedtothechapelanakkag up for some- of tha money be tost tost An.Jttor w. alieretM/a ku,w inane thmrdn within thirty factory; they hailed him with pride, and at once gave him transportation have been carried on any other railroad, ail night, where they were found by the janitor A bear- swam The bill aatnoriatog the oonaaractioa at a railroad days, »ff w any tticr«M» over the tariff flrat ad/>pv-4i. »t- noyance to navigators. Large bars of quicksand am vessel, or line of carriage, or transportation, sad which ing was bad yesterday before Justice Ladd, of Cambridge-In Seventh avenue. The names to whom this power ts t« aaemag tweaty-five par m\A to be impuae.i during twelve toi turd by the spring freshets, and are oontinutlly chang- the hospitalities of their homes. But Governor Morgan is shall charge or receive on such delivery a less sum for port, who committed the etudeafto await the result of thebegrantedareRobertBuoktoy,WlBamM.Paint,HenryH aaof..UM. theMlmaaofecarefultyguarded than thatof OeorajeC Peters, and their" successors. Cxn* tost year agaiset rvaav/n, and »r«ry Koviakm^agatnat iutoKf".moneposition toanother. Whenthetideisatas ebb or midway, vessel and steamers are moat certain af getimg aground, and remaining there from ten to twelvenotsoravored; hispronunciation of theword Knicker- bocker at once reveals the fact that he does not sound the "K,"' bnt pronounces the word Klckerbockor instead ofHiereceiving,loading,transporting,Ac.,orthesame,than officer'swound,wbich.weunderstand,tonotaaseriousasthe aggregate price and sum it would be entitled to re- at flrst supiioeed. The affair to greatly regretted by all ceive according to the arrangements and classification of parties. Mr. Forbes is a favorite ia his class, many ofMr JeAVnto tatrednees a WH to Increase the fe«w ofgrand and petat yerora to eoarta of record to t l §0 per Itoars, before a change of tide flows to their relief. Tha K-nickerbooker; he is, therefore, declared at oncethe local tariffs and ordinary rates aad charges, shall b ewhom have experienced his kindness during sickness a n d financial distress. His first act was to send a classmate to the officer's house to express his sorrow and to offer any possible assistance.-' We have here given what w e believe to be a faithful statement of this unfortunate af- fair, and w e do tats in order to avoid mtorepreeentation. We cannot place the facts before the public, however, without expressing our disapproval of the conduct of those who placed an armed officer in such relations with gen- tlemen, who,thoughtheymaybeguiltyofnetsquite reprehensible in themselves, are not to be treated asday, with travelling fans aa at present. Keueral government, some fifteen or twenty years sinoa, as being an outside barbarian, with whom the first fami- act.The balance of the sections provides for prosecuting allMr. McQcana yesterday introduced a bill to retraoafer expended two or three hundred thousand dollars in con- lies cannot associate, without degrading themselves; they companies violating this act, and the mode of procedure,'inlre, butaone of lbs aboveMffsstoftheStatemaxreeertlOeaidorendoraement oftk»Knickerbocker blood intheirveins,asitwouldbetaken u proof that they bad been in the habit of associating withthegenuinefamilies,aad therefore worthy of their•aaMBMirIneharce andtheirdutiea.filled up the channelagain. Thisseasonthenavigation bas been extremely difficult, and the larger clasaof stoaaaseveral of our *—"•* «•••"•' —* -.*>. prominent citizens, amona themwhileatworkonthebuildingK7Broadway,oaThursday tost, tell through a hatchway to the floor beneath, a dis- tance of sixteen feet, fracturing hat collar bone aad seve- ral of his nba. The injured man was conveyed to has residence, where be died ia the course of the night, Tha•t^ ^^w^^ *^r^^^^ we^^ws wH^BaMawaBsaPw i aadni1 Hselveswheretheydonotbelong.The Railroad bill introduced to the Senate yesterday b y Mr. Gardiner, of Brooklyn, was for the purpose of wipingFlagler,ofNiagara, ThisIsthe most imporlant commit- tee, aad the person at the head enjoys and exercises an tiifiuenco second only to that of the 8peakar himself. Bow Mr. Conkling will be able to digest this palpable and mark-whh lh* «SV« WRwvarloMn.teal of where aaM rewairs are alaeed under eoa-r m!^!L£? !^XlJ?!? f" *• O^* «"» ottS^a f5r out all present existing laws governing lbs construction of jury rendered a verdict to accordance with the aboveo ftaw Courto fAppeals.But as thedocument Instranger, wboseeka shelter and protection from the remorseWerejoicetobelievethatourLegislature,bypassingaPer aocftl Liberty bul, can remedy these fearful*wrotgs- n. peti Uon fur such an aet has been prepared, toaeeemipany this ap- peal. Ton are aakedto sign ft, to circulate It. to> obtainfor li the names of all your aeigfaborsand fellow citizens, and to sendNorth river, in the city of New York, shall lease the same to-he owners or agenis of any of the regular anas of siaejiHnaisheretoforeesUblitbed,andBOWengagedtothebuaineMof ThaiIsinoformal,Idlerequest,butsaearnest,welleon«l GovernorinformingthecommitteesoftheSenate.your members of Assembly or Se lantaybeejnt to yeurmembarsnator, or to^ae]i7Baxsr, er, Albany, N.Y .complished wan eompaimtive ease.Mr. Flagler, of Niagara, introduced yesterday a lengthy bid upon the pro rata tax, tike flrst section of which occupies seven pages of legal paper, provide* for U* classi- fication, and the price to be charged for freight, and that thepricesspecified shallbaacertainsumpertonper mile, and shall applr to a fractional part of a ton the same aa to a greater quantity than one ton.A sum or charge not exceeding fo-ty e>nta per ton, whether a fractional ton or a exr load, shall In no case be charged, whether over the whole or only a part of its railroad. ^ ^There ia a goad sprinkling of feminine names amongst the signers, sack sa Sally, Baby, Bebeeca, Jane, Augusta, Mary,Ac. Notwithstanding that fact, they are not signed byanygrentnumberinanylocality,someofthemcomingare badly worn, inuicaiiiig that those circulating them were compelled to carry (hem for gome time before they were able to get many signatures. The Urg* number of these petitions are, however, having a great Influence upon a portion of the members.accent in his pronunciation, and does not date back in his the other railroads and by veasels, or othfr lines of trans-them closely and scrutinizing their associations, always which shall tn the course of that transportation have beentwo or three miles below, rendering the navigation aa word Kntekerbosker. Should they become perfect in Snarling Ctmcrrnira Uu OmnmUtm Candidate f*r Qonex burglars aud highwaymen. There was no necessity foroattoastoCongresshave been disregarded,andfurtherappropriations refused. The State, the city of Albany,steamboat companies, forwarding associations and pri-vate ettiaens, have contributed several sums la dribleta attention. Without this, or the pure blood, there to no towards dredging ont the channel, which assistedseqoenoea of this misfortune than young Forbes. He re- gretsit«naccountofthoinjurydonetotheofficer,oaac- count of his own family, and on account of the rpllnan af which he has been a member.—Batten Courier, Jan. 12,the navigation for the time being, bat athospitalities of this class of Albany society—tUy willmayhepiyd aadartheWoh.rae,shaflbe the next freshet, the accumulation. of sand be considered sa upstarts, whoarttryingtoputthem-hope of their obtaining tho fellowship or receiving theCoreaen' Inqnests.FATAL FAII.—Coroner Jackmaa yesterday held a a in-1oayn petitionedtheCommonCounciloftilscltr. streetpassengerrailways. Anattemptwasmadetorush edInsultremainstobeseen. Ittohardlytobepresumed facts,andcensuredMr.MPayer,theoccapea<ofthepre-J ^ K T ^ i R TM * ! ^ ! ? W • n d • » » detailed SUITS*, it through without referring lt to a committee; but this asmW^&&?>fJfe^ rtver,betweentbtooK failed,andithasbeenreferredtotheCommittee enCities aad the riuecs arNsw Bnla^ncro, a distance of some IS- tad Villages, of which Mr. Manierre is chairman. Thathat be will consider the affected quid pro quo asVmairman en iusuracco a satisfactory apology. He scrutinized last yeareveryitemofexpenditurewithaHoffmanvLjitaunce, and for this the lobby overthrew him. Bat at Mr. Flag tortotobe the next republican oaadtdatef o r Governor, it perhaps was due to htm that he should be entitled to the privilege or making his mark at that seeston of tha legis- latare. BewUlannouncehimankfaatheaatirailroadcan• didate, aad be properly taluks ha oan succeed by mouat- ingou that bobby.The next committee af itapaaMbBny at that on Claims. Duringthelasttwosessionsthejackatlacmitanilyprey- ing upou the almost defunct eareass of tha State treasury have had rather Ul luck In attempting to bribe a majoritylM fyear. Mr Fuller was maade*cae\men at °theUae lobby. This is well and generally known. The re l r*txa) i»Lto#*etr eyedgala la having "new man" to deal with to " appear fresh to them. Batshoald to tan House atmtmttoa ooavtocsagof the claims which have been ao have soma reliance upon the in- Mr. Truman, in the Senate. That Senatojraaaaretattot the State treasury far two vultures. H e knows them well. Theyable to "pall the want over his e>ea,» and ft* , it wdl have beeaof tha Mow Yorkany committee, retottog to ton intaVaat of .IU conaawrce, trade, municipal, mercantile ormises, for not having the hatchway properly guarded.Arrivals and Departures.AJttUVALS.From New Orleans aad Havana, ia the statmdup MosesTaj tor-J t-toha. tody and daughter, W F SmMk, Jr. H d Lan- bsn, Oapt0 RMorton,ANramp,QF8muh.AT01*0*^:H Ak-ott, 8 Townseat, ft B Bobinsor, Leon Arvarado, Oapt W<eb- star, dipt Banien andto to laestserage.Prom ftnStanlay, ralkland Iatonia to bark J W FOapt Sweeney, tady aad two chiiAreu, John ssnkn, aad panof the crew of ahip Helen A Miller.' ~r£ r^r T0**0*"'TM'lt **nw,hsa exhibitedbill is short, but means more than a person at first would think. Its second section repeals all existing acts or parts of acts Inconsistent with that, which effectually annual tha lawpaasadto1864governing theconstructionofpassen- ger railways, In which the consent of the property holders to to be obtained. Could they manage to work that throughbothbranches,JohnA.Kennedywould beseen here at once with his Broadway scheme, with fair pros- pects of lobbying it through at railroad speed. The lobby totoreste were on hand watching the measure with close xtatatioa,aad spisktFa^^yesterday.Mr. Varian, of New York, introduced in the House yes* bill to make valid oeriata ordinances of the Com of New Y ork, which provide that - of the Mayor, Aldermen aad commonaltyUntitled Documentfreight, and each and every i k m and article upon its saidhelJpni«Mi/ocv,tohaveviolatedthissectiona a d thistA m e r i c a n e l e m e n t s I n t h e S t a t e . T n e y s a e , h - > » v e r , that they will vote for the rt-esidential coma:-': <if to.- republican party, let him be who he will; but alter that they will not take a back seat in the repub*a»n nWiet for the accommodation ol Weed or Any of his sci'-aw*, but will demand a front seat; and if crowded o it ol Vrxt, will harness a team of their own and travel upon their own responsibility, leaving Weed with his old anti Mason and Hindoo associates to tide b y themselves. This feel- ing is confined to no limited number, or to no particular Iccalitv hot I find it existing with republicans from every section or the State; and it is working itself into a feud of ao minor importance, and is talked of by a class of men that generally act as they talk. W e may yet see a taction of hards and softs in the republican partyThurtow Weed left yesterday for Washington, to look after the interests' of Sherman and hto pet schemes about the national CapitoL ft he bas no better success in ma nagipg the turbulent spirits there than he has had h-re, be will have but little to cheer him t o * winter, lt is ge nerally acknowledged that many of his plans hare been sadly frustrated by the independence of th» LieutenantMatters and things in general are not working alto 1867.. 2.310.M6 3,147,637 4.869,276 320.387 8,027,200 gefbersmoothintherepublicancamp.Thereisafeeling 1858..I.b82.0142632,6473.700,270296,460a>28,418 of jealousy amongst the different members of the family 1869*. 1,480,000 2,560,870 3.337,270 279,381 0,200.971From Richmond, to the i MraBtacuandw, ~,HH Helper,Jamestown—F K Prince, pt%ne.OaptXBPal-Capt R K Hudgtoa aud ten ta smfitItonttogoCtty,Inthebrig Qusen-Cspiato*alhe ataastaaT Canada, freesJaa W Clarke, B Oarka, Mrs AnaunOettsr.is Bowane* as4 „ of Boxbuiy-.WCBamaT* te G Lupoid, Richard Ruateli. J A,31 nnhs, nTerte JOB* HepeVPiwil'iaiw, nti JosephDV, ItFans.Totteu. MiiitrTsl Joka Clark,V Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 