 NEWYORKHERALD.aill OORDO« ICIIETT, EwruR AND norwiro*.Tae TiualRegenry at \lbn»j,Badthe The CoogrrssofPwrlsaadtfceCongreis»Tproprietorspreparing for a good season, and have already commenced issuing their cirewJars and adver-Ormcxn . w . soK*an orMAJiai.li ABO WVLTOX o r g .rJCaUU.as*»rUk <jlk* tmder.* * a a « «HT W*aWa n d shamelessspeedily arrested, matters will grow worse, in-six months of 1859 the expenditure was lessOowsooa. o WALLACTfS TTrSATBB.>urw«ii luu.Broad ray - • * « • « »Wschool." ltdecla^thntthedemocracyofttua State "will not be represented at all" at Charles- ton, If the Regency clique are not admit-a* «i»-*<»Vu+t-jt *u*>r* mi r«c««i (u***•»•«•<a r emyy or R|>w a u « , lAt Kmnftnm BHHtmrnrrf Wtdtwltp, kr from Governor Wise f»r twenty pieces otI//gDAWT atkALrt bmemttpfr am.87j»-rT/7S WT.rjL.LT IIILLALO. m^8*tmni>*0,mt itm emfmmresting sketch of the plenipotentiaries and of City" will not be left to Pius Ninth, but he willtheobjectsofthe Congress,prepared fbr the bedriven from it ashewas before in184J.sponsibility where it belongs—on the party of Seward, Sherman, Helper, Greeley and Johnspectively, by $18,383 and $11,287, but during the last months of the past year the outlay showed an excess over that period in the two other years, tile result of which increase, hew-columns. Major Saunders had ,i»ued a proclama tion earneatiy entreating th»t next Tneaday b e oh- Berved as a day of humiliation and prayer, and re- commending that the inhabitanti abstain from allGeneral Taylor, through their perfidy, would seem to have stamped t h e characters o f those who then betraved the democratic party, with chronic, indelible infamy, a n d they havefrom the Old World are so many political mis- sionaries, propagandists of freedom among t h e kindred of their native land. A wonderful change has come ovlr the spirit of monarchy's dream in Europe since 1815.Nor is the contrast between Europe now andthen more remarkable in anything than in theThese indicationso fa bloodthirstydisposi-labor OQ that day. Services appropriate t o t h e thought of nothing but patronage, plunder andtion, and a willingness to resort to violence,occasion were held in all the eharchea iu Lawrence yenterdav-spoils ever since. Not a glimmering of true patriotic feeling ever shines in upon their dark- ness. They trade with the past, present a n d future, and even with the names of s\ich of their friends or allies as are held in more re-should awaken the country to the danger ofThe Rev. Frank Remington, a t the Baptist charchin Christopher street, and the BJBV. S . Remington,at t h e chapel corner o f Sixth avenue a n d Forty-first street, made the recent terrible catastrophe a tLawrence, Masa^ the subject of their discourses spect throughout the country. Antediluvianchanged position o f England. - Then, i n t h ewords of her own Napier, the author of the that some of the fire-eaters from the South willyesterday. Both churches were attended by crowd- relics like Daniel S. Dickinson, or their sleekPeninsular war, she—the theory of whose gov-ernment is a limited monarchy, with Protestantascendency in Church and State—fought inSpain for "an absolute king and an intolerantchurch;'' and then she combined with theother Powers of Europe to strengthen and en-large the temporal sovereignty of the Pope, andto establish despotism on the ruins of theliberty and independence of the Italian peo-ple. Then, by armed intervention, s h e over-threw the rights of the French nation, by de-throning their lawful sovereign, Napoleon I.--the choice of the people—and sending himinto exile to Elba, while she forced upon themthe hated Bourbons, of whom It was trulysaid by Bonaparte that "during their exile theyhad learned nothing a n d forgotten nothing."After the restoration of the dynasty in the per-son of Louis XVTTT., Alexander' of Russia gavehim good advice. He said:—"The doctrine of di-vine right to the crown is now seen through, andcommit some imprudent act that will alarm the moderate a n d conservative men o f the North, they are doing all they can to keep up and stimulate the abolition sentiment in the repub- lican ranks. A sad blow to their hopes oc- curred in the dropping of the pistol of Has- kin, one of the freshly recruited black repub- licans; for this goes to show that the ruffianly and bloodthirsty disposition exists on the part of th e aggressive abolitionists. This hastens the reaction among the people, of which we have evidences o n a l l sides. T h e reaction dates from the John Brown raid, which oc- curred on the 17th of October. In the early part of the November following elections oc- curred in five Northern States, and the results show a large addition of the conservative vote to the democratic side. Here are the figures:—COMPARATIVE VOTE OP THB STATES TBAT H4VE HELD BLECTION8 SINCE THE JOHN BROWN RAID.1858.—-, 1859.- ,Dem. Jicp. D^m. Rep.favorite, HoratioSeymour, are used like the two prewiive character. Reports o f t h e sermons a r e ends of a drum, to make a noise with, but aregiren in our paper thia morning. thrown aside when the end is achieved which Several bills paaaed b y the Common Council last these dirty political menials had in view. TheHickman bring to the discussion of great na-tional questions, a blush of shame must tingethe cheek o f every citizen o f New York andPennsylvania, Which send these men as theirrepresentative statesmen. They a r e a stainupon the fair fame of their States, and a blotupon the institutions which place them in highposition. T h e principle o f self-government,which we claim as the proudest boast of thised audiences, and the services were of a most im -or three hundred widows and orphans to shed a single tear? Ten thousand dollars should fall like the gentle dews of heaven on the poignan- cy of their grief, make them forget at once their bitterest l^ereavement, convert their sighs and lamentations into hymns o f praise a a d thanksgiving, and send them in a body to the nearest tabernacle, to pray for ten thousand blessings on the heads of their benefactors!week, and sent to Mayor Wood* for his approval,are published in our advertising columns this morn-ing. This is in accordance with the notice recentlygiven by the Mayor that all bills passed by theCommon Council requiring his approval would bepublished in full in the daily papers for five days sbysteiing and railroad jobbing, until theybefore being acted upon. This will give a ll per- sons who are opposed t o a measure a n opportunity to beheard.Our specialreportsinregardtothe political ex- citement agitating the country, this morning, will be found interesting and instructive. Our reporter•in Massachusetts furniafcee u s with the sentiments of the peopleofthatStateonthe John Brown raid, the Hrlper book, the preaent condition o f public aftaiis, Ac, and presents a view of thenegro as he is understood in New England.were able to make their influence felt through the New York Central. They came into power, virtually, under poor Pierce, and were hisworthy tools u p t o t h e time they broke t o pieces, in his hands, at Cincinnati They finally pitched on Cassidy, a scribbling ex-vender of bad veal, well acquainted with the language of the shambles, for whom they bought out the old Argus. Cassidy has gratified their tastes and pride in every respect, so that, lately, he andcountry, presupposes the gathering iu the na-tional halls of representative men with equal This philosopher thinks that our just indig-At a Convention held in Troy o n Saturday last his brother-in-law, Cagger, have been entrustedmust obtain an election to the throne by the Senate, that you may be understood to reign by a new title, by a voluntary appeal to the people." The Bourbon rejected the advice with scorn, and said that in placing him upon the throne the allied arms of Europe had "re- established a principle." It was in such a spirit th e French monarch began h is reign; and when, in less than a year, the people had become sick of his tyranny, their beloved Em- peror, with x'.hom faith had been broken by the Allies and Louis, suddenly returned to France, astonishing all Europe asmuchasifMichigan . 56,067 65,201 53,081 65,916 New York... .230,513 247,953 252,594 251,126 New Jersey - 41,500 50,001 51,738 53.367 Wisconsin . . . 65,243 61.35G 59,516 63,500Levi Smith and John B . Pierson were elected dele- with the greater part of the slate-making and gates t o the Charleston Convention from that C o n - roguery b y which t h e democratic party a r e greaideual district T h e leading hard shells par- bamboozled and cheated. It is these political ticipated in the proceedings.Total421,621493,211 4 2 1 . B 2 1453,699 493,340 ism of John Brown, into Congress?All t h e telegraphic lines south o f Philadel- phia were borne dawn by thesleet yesterday, and consequently w e are unable to furutsh oar readers with t h e usual despatches from Washington.The inclemency o f the weather oa Saturday tended t ocheck movements in some branches of business. The salesof cotton embraced about 600 bales, closing quietly a t un-changed pnees. Flour wasmoderately dealt in,whileholders were Arm at previous quotations. Southern flourt u in fair request, with moderate sale* at steady prices.policy dealers who now threaten to play again the game of 1848, and to betray the democracy once more, if they are not recogniied at Charleston.Republican majorities. Increased republican majority.Wbe»t was firm. The chief sale contistel of Chicagospring at SI 20. Com was steady, with sales of office ofCorporation Counsel, two notoriousagainst-him. a n d t h e Bourbon fled at the ap- proachofthetrueKing,Englandagainproceed" ed to deprive the people of France of their cho- sen sovereign, and sent him to an exile whence there was no return, while she forced back a n odious monarch upon them b y a n army of 650,000 men and fifty eight ships ofthe number of known and influential merchantsJersey a n d Southern yellow a t 8 6 c . a 9 0 c . Pork was dull, with aalea of old mess at $10 12S, a $16 26 new do. at $1?26, and prime at $11 66 a $11 SO. Sugars were quiet, and sales confined to 400 hhda. Cuba muscovado a t full prices. Coffee w a s quiet but steady. Freights were steady and engagvments moderate. It appears that the total quantity o f foreign sugars received direct into New York la 1869 amounted to 177,312 haw of 2,*0Q lbs. each, of which 144,616 were from Cuba, 16,967 from Porto Ridb, and 8,163 were from Brazil, making a total of slave grown o f 163,746 tjns, leav- ing only 8,667 received from all other countries; and 31,- 918 tons were received from Southern domestic ports, making the total imports of stave grown sugars into New York i a I860 amount to 200,083 tone.free soilers of the Cagger tribe, like HavemeyerandTilden. Thefactis—andeverybodyknowsit, this paper does not care o n e pin for eitherfaction of the democracy. It cares equally lit-tle fbr the democratic party itself. It knowsthat all of its organizations a r e depraved a n dcorrupt, and that the success of one^ OT theother is only a choice of evils. The cliques in the line, at an expense of five hundred andtheir vision at the sight of Haskin's pistol. fallen off sixteen millions of dollars during theA PBSCXDKNT FOB THB ALTaTORrniw OF LAW- in as direct defiance of decency as those of theLet the republicans continue to urge Sher- gress of Sherman for Speaker. We commendRKXCB.—The Coroner's jury now investigating the fearful slaughter at the Pemberton Mills in Lawrence have a responsible duty to perform, and the eyes of the whole country are upon them a t this moment, expecting that this duty will be faithfully performed, even in the face o f capital and wealth. Every city a n d town i n the Union has a deep interest in the result of this investigation, and the public look anxious- ly to the Coroner's jury to render such a ver-Cagger party itself. I n t h e rural districts,their character will bear a closer examination;but. excepting as far as the district system it- ple, were employed in asserting a contraryman for Speaker, let Haskin's pistol drop once or twice more on the floor of Congress during a heated debate, and let Hickman talk ato the calm consideration of the men of sense in Haskin's and Hickman's districts the reproach which reflects upon them from the conduct ofdict as may make the conatructora of buildingsand ike employers o f large masses o f opera-tives more caaUooa m recUeisly exposing the Its history is identical with all of the evils thatmerchants engaged in the Southern trade, and the remarks of the HERALD on the subject,ceived her news b y express.Democratic Congressional Couvrntioa. Taor, Jan. 14,1SS0.The Democratic Oonventtoa for this Congressional dis- trict met in this city on Saturday, all the wards and near- lyeverytownbeingrepresented. TheleadinghardsaeUs participated in the proceedings. Levi Smith, Esq , foru Collector of this port under Hon. Greene C. Branson, elected a delegate to the Charleston Conveation, with John B. Parson a s h B colleague. Charles J. Wilbur aadnab*.M a r k e t s .N*u . T.uux-i, Jati. 14, 1860.national conservative members ot the commis-sion—Mayor Wood, Mayor Powell and Judge 8 SCO baita. Corp 7<v. a T ec Whisk"/ 2 3 c . Freightslive* of their fcUow beings. Jn the town of have befallen the democracy during that turiogdbtriota,thereareuo4s>ubtmanybuild democraticleadershave,invariably,tendedtohas establisheditsindependence,andsepa- rated itself from Holland, while, on the other hand, the kingdom of Poland has been annihi- lated by Russia, the independence of Cracow was extinguished by Austria in 1846, and Prus- sia and Austria, by the decree of the German Diet in 18S2, established a complete dominion over the other German States. The French revolutionofIPHO,whichdethronedCharlesX , alsolet at naught the treaty of Vienna, and still more did the French revolution of 1848, which rcoiltcd in restoring the Napole-Ings in as unsafe a condition M tte pemberton hlills; and a proper verdict,followe* by prompt legal action on the part of the authorities, mar have a salutary effect upon the proprietor*thereof.Meantime we wBl cite a precedent for thereact mischievously upon national politics, and they will continue to do so. The Wood delegation to Chaileston hi in many respects very ill-advisedly made up, and that of the Re- gency is so anti-national in its antecedents asto be deserving o f no respect or notice. Theyonly have ventured to bring facts into the ar- gument. But, however fine these rhymers may be at versification, statistics are not in their way. They claim to have ascertained that the Southern custom has not fallen off from t h e principal hotels, a n d they back up this assertion with th«f state- mentsofthehotelkeepers,whocertainly would not be liable to give their establish meats a bad name. NevertlelessTtl appears, by the ros^a o w n showing^thjlt the business o f two of the largest hotctsfhas fallen off whencom-by a policeman and locked up until the federalauthorities could investigate t h e case. UponLawrence jury: In the city of Belfast, ia U *. go to the Convention to cheat somebody, and load,alargemanufacturingtown,asimilar todrivethehardestpossiblebargainwithwho-made to pass a resolution denying the right ofa policeman to arrest a fugitive slave: but theever they tnaiiy support. The difference o fthe price of the Wise-Donnelly letter would be Lcrs. A mading lawyer—Mr, John R*» -took Mmeient totafeco them to shovel Dickinsonto Ji'.-eriKXjl, in t'ort^n blij**, '•> 10»i.tf.«LK Jin. IS, 1860,catastsophe occurred some time ago, thoughriehocffcr—properly conceiving that, it is theduty of the police to arrest all fugitives fromjustice, successfully opposed the resolution. w.-.vW, i»<".,400 ba>«. ir»c vir.-•.';.•"•"0 bales same liose lasttappHy with a less fatal result in point of namCotton—Sales to <Uy 5,000 ba.le«.|a Vi^c. a l o ^ c tmr nriiiil.ug; BBI.S of th> w * k , i\!.vO0 to.UM: receipts las*up the canst o f the poor families o f the killedaud wounds* operatives, and^ laid the esse be- or to strangle them both for the benefit of foretheGrandJury.Thecommunitylaughed somebodyelse.Lettn*m&besenthome.This fact will do almost a s much a s the elec- tion of Mayor Wood to assure the South that the city of New York is essentially national, andisdetermined to uphold thelaws andre- spect the rights of all sections of the country.THE COST OF CLEANING THE STREETS.—Al- though the condition of the streets at the present time Is perfectly horrible, owing to the fact thatyear; stock a t Mobile, Jt>6,Mi baits; receipts ahead t f i»st )tar, SJ7,ici5 oalfB. Fn ightsof cotttn to Liverpool.. 16 r.W a }£d ;toHavr«\1l-18e ^ ^Sightuach&ogeoaNewYork,Spereeatdiscount. Exchange on London, Ta 7'« per cent premium.CiscIXKAn, Jan. 14,18*0 Floor dull and unchanged. Wblskey firm at BtKe. a 2ru„c. Hops dull: sales 1,000 at S5 90 a $3 «*); receiptstoday, 1,500 Provisions less buoyant meat nark $16 W ; lard, 10c , * ^ » S*ht exchange on New Fork, \ per cent presarati forcurrency, aad % a \ per cant premium Sat aoid. N a v a l I n t e l l l g e n o e .at the idea of a kwyer, single handed, attempt-ing to bring »rim\ corpoiatiMtojaatiee; b u the persevered, isereitheleasi and the result wasthat the proprietors of the mill were not onlythe strongest in Europe. It has n o t pai ed with that of last year at this time. A ndonlystoodlortwelveyears,butEngland itthefactiousandtreasonableminorityinCon- ThecandidateoftheCh*loatonConvention nowco-operateswithittoundoallthathas gressshouldsucceedintheirattemptstoforce will, ss B result of the tremendous reaction been left undone of the treaty of Menna—|8T John Sherman, who endorsed the infamousHelper book, into the Speaker's chair, the wholesale merchants, retail traders and hotel keepers will find next summer many a good Southern customer's name missing from their€barte.tOBi Convtaltun.We copy into this morning's paper, a recent manifesto of the rotten sad corrupt barnburner Regency,through their organ at Albany, to thenary expenditure overtotal cost of street cleaning for the three past- years was:—For 1857, $29«,099r for 1858, $2f8,-Charlestonmisstatemenbt traitorswhosoldaprivateandconfidentialiet-Convention.Impudenceworthyo ft h emisi*mlt p-r r,yp f4PTonmumtoanyp-irt of QromtBritUrn,or (A to « m u r i / ('.' OmUmrmt. Hot* to i* imU gottuoe; ih» silver; and, from the geographical accuracy HBRAIP Thi* Congress is more importantHe owes bis restoration to the will of Francs, Brown.im tHttimmUulmkmmd BBS mf tmctk « M A at fie roXP*rA*r fxtKHmrtunuunM.wim which it classifies California as a Northern Suu*. It may be presumed that the inspirationthan that of Vienna, whose decrees it will an-that a Napoleon will rule the councils o f this CoDgress, whereas the former Congress assem- bled to overthrow the Napoleon dynasty for- ever. The former Congress was the expression of despotism—this Is the emanation of freedom. What vast progress, therefore, has Europe made in the principles of human liberty during the last forty-five years. T h e avowed object of the former Congress was to subvert the free- dom and independence of all nations who were not able to resist the will of the armed conspi-and his throne rests on French bayonets, asTIM LofflcorHas*ln's PtatolonthePloor ever,wasmanifestedbyacleanlyconditionef or Congres*—Debus*mrnt o f Oar Delibe-KVI,•.StillidA"* «*•»•*•"-*«•«/(*#werM;4/wnf,we*hirn<r>uui »i.mu toBa#xaixUntil AJIDr*o*-< ofitswriterwasderivedfromasourcesimilar *amepartiesasbefore. TheonlydifferenceIsbis predecessor owed his restoration to thearmsofthe"schismatic^"Powers—England, rative Assemblies. thestreetssuchssNovYorkneverhadbefore.**u »t»t oa.V a i l M X X T .AHUSaTatBWTBTHlS BVBBMKi....!fo. 1 5to that which led to such important diacoverie* concerning the "elbows of the Mincio," by the Hon- Jefferson Brick. The pith and substance of the manifesto is covertly to threaten that, unless Confidence Cassidy, Cagger A Co.'* packed gang of free sellers, are admitted, ex- clusively, as delegates to the Charleston Con- vention, they will sell out to Seward, or to "any other candidate o f the 4rrepresaJWe conflict'Prussia and Russia. These Powers are changed In t h e midst o f the momenious discussionin their opinion as to the policy of continuing which is now going on all over the Union* THE LAWRENCE MASSAOBX AOAW.—AS aIIRU)1 OABDBB. Broadaay.-^Cooat.• Rotu AM r m i H i i T U .BOWEB T TBIATBB, Bowery —(»trtT Oowii—Snuen fUtaur.peror of Russia in particular will be glad of the country is startled and shocked by the sustained to life and limb. Theto see the temporal empire of his Holiness re- sudden dropping of a pistol on thefloorof the Lawrence, however, has been more dissstro—wurras OABUBB, Btwdvar.There is a redeeming point in this untoward print from the HKBALD of yesterday.-event, in t h e fact that the sense o f propriety Dead t o Missing 107real presentleaders ofthe free soil Regency, had been engaged, most of them, previous to the Iscaxiotism of 1848, either in butchering character in a small way in the interior, or inI t sNEW YORK HERALD. MONDAY, JANUARY 16, I860.A large portion of the scurrilous Atlas amiAnjus document will be seen to consist of vulgar,mendacious abuse of the HEKILD, which it ac.cuaee of being theorganof Fernando Wood.In plain English, the HERALD refused to sup- an earthquake had happened; and when, withamaudlin indignation of the Tr'Omne, the canals is estimated at over sixteen hundred puffy ire of the Courier, and the malicious thousand dollar?, and the legislature will pro- anger of the Evening rout, when one bably pass an act authori/Jhg aJoan to this of their own party is caught in the amount,whichactmustbeputto thepopularport for the New Ydrk Mayoralty andtheCorporal'* guard, h e marched through the heartof France to Paris, and not a flngevwas raised marked. I n the commercial circles o f this city are silent now. No horrid phantoms flit before way competition, the canal receipts havethis State and city are as bad as they can be, and both Mozart and Tammany Halls are infa- mously managed. T h e delegates chosen t o Charleston by the Mozart people, appear^with two or three exceptions, to have been selectedfifty millions of dollars. All this was done in violation of the principles of the English revo- lution of 1688, by which the right of the people to choose their own kings and of the Parlia- ment to change the reigning dynasty was es- tablished. By that right alone George UI. sat on the throne; and yet his agents, Wellington and Castlereagh, and t h e money o f the peo-abjuring his endorsement of the cutthroat partisan prints for these indications of a blood- of a million and a half, and we base overteachings of Helper, on certain conditions. thirsty spirit. They are a part and parcelof twenty millions of dollars lost, stolen or But M r. Sherman, in making the demand forthese conditions, destroys the very effect he the same disposition which is harrowed up and squandered through the operations of theself Is concerned, notone word can be said ia behalf of the representation to the National Convention from this metropolis.The truth is, that, If t h e Charleston Conven- tion did exactly right, they would refuse to re- ceive into their body any delegates whatever from New York. Why should they? New York has been the bane, curse and scourge of the democratic party for nearly fourteen years.principle—a political aristocracy of sovereigns to swallow up the independence of the smaller Powers, a n d t o parcel out kingdoms withoutlittle more about conquering the South with a their representatives. handful of men, and the whole conservativeAll this is changed now. The edicts of the Congress of Vienna have become waste paper. Lawrence [tmXt> ** wall as in other nunu&c- period. The wrangUngs and bickerings of its In the teeth of the royal conspirators Belgiumshed, like Boston ami other cities, in oppositionto the administration of the Fugitive Slave law,have, as a matter of course, stirred up the and a cay-had just occurred which shows that black republican journals to the repetition of the laws of the land are respected and carriedtheir old game—abusing the defendant's coun- out in this metropolis. A negro who avowed selandmaligningus.ThepoetsofthePost himselfafugitiveslavewastakenintocustodyoverboard ia fcTOt ^ g ^ ^ w vke ^ ^ on dynasty to France, and making itthat* is taking place a t the North l a A T O r ofnational sentiment*-, inevitably be elected andneither the threats nor the promises of the dence to the Italian people, and to so curtailindicted for manslaughter, but were convict-ed, and sentenced to transportation for life. Atlas and Argus are of the slightest moment- the temporal power of the Pope that it can noMassachusetts venerates the haws of Great nor can they prevent the masses of voters in longer stand in the way of liberty, civilizationBritain; hers • a precedent that the jury sad the State of New York from doing their dnty, I and progressauthoritiesofLawrencemightfallowtosome eveniftheywereabletobargainawaytheirI ThePope,accordingtoourlatestintelllgenoebooks. This is the truth, and it is Idle to ut the appropriation for street cleaning it ex- The United States steamer Iroquois sailed o a 8oadargood purpose.Untitled Documenttablished, the member? oi' which pledge themThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pump, in contequeace ot tee bt.ug in the p^»e sail again on Tuesday at twth« o cock.She wStentire profligate faction to William a Seward, • from Europe, objects to the programme of Na-Vitiinii-»o»» andThen.The CooprsM of the representative* of theo f Southern watering places a r cnul;yettheprincipalPowersarenearlytheof the members themselves, small as it is, wasDliM. ted;itintimatesthattheStateofNewYorkrators.ThedesignofthisistoestablishtheTheyhavenolongeranyrelishforfightingforawakenedbytheoccurrence,andthatitsab.Badlywounded 100LA0BA BBSirrS THBATBB, CM Brasi»ar.-JaAjT»*BW BOWBBT THBATBB. tummy.—Tm» BU« or raa is only "likely to cast her vote for the can- principle of independent nationalities andthe despotism, temporal or spiritual, and theirTotal dead m dued instead of aggravating the heat of the Slightly wounded. let-Tmoue •*- i w rBBOAPWATBOCTOTB.4*4 rtrmf«»r.-«*a> WITHTU thepreliminary consultationsandarrange-right of the people to choose their own rulers. One result of the former Congress wasmotto henceforth is—"Render unto Caesar thethingswhichareCaesar's,anduntoGodthethings which are God's." They want to see 'dropped the weapon, felt the incongruity ofMlLBtBU P»Jfc—fOBB StttSaS—Wo«AS » Sments," these traffickers in honor andto reestablishthe temporalsovereigntyrBABBCYS AMBBIOAB MTJBBOH. •^f»tf--*** - conscience are permitted to map oatPope,overthrownNapo-the altar divorced from the throne, and standhis position, and explained that he had notBOM BB« iTootag-Twrn Bora ANHMOS-BJB Basusa.BRTAWTB' BTBSTBSLS. M»waaalnet BAB. fftBroadwar- B c u a w a , B0B4M, DASOH. Ac—Toawnr Oooum.upon "the Rock of Ages," on which it was built proclaimsthatthe"greatprizeofthethirty-ingtotheplanofNapoleonni.The.formerbythefounderoftheChristianreligion.ThushispocketTheapologymayhavebeensatis-BIBI/VS SALOQB Broadway —4—. rriaL* v So*as. Di»u»,Mi* TLIICAIAS«>«WB»Cfc«awr|sM i»-it will become a greater power than the thnrSne, whereas hitherto it has been made subservient to the throne, and the footbaU of kingsfactory to the House of which he is a member, but the country demands something more from0OOP1B IB8TITCTB.-DB. "CCWW'S LsCTOBt OS B»»- i a i c r m i s s t n o o a . C o n , A H i a a o o T t a r u i AWD MOBS o rWOMBWWAHHISOTON HALL. WUUmmabuiir -Woo©'* K n m l U u f m t f u i Soma. D*JHJB». *B.-J»SST Va^a CALLS.HewYork,Monday,Jaawary16,IS*©.of men, who, with some few exceptions, are Trie steamship Europa, from Liverpool, n o w mere free soil renegades, and whose honest in-The eyes of the people of all Europe are fixed upon this Congress. Upon it hangs the decision of a great principle, involving theTfec Sewa.oveidue a t Halifax, had not been heard from a t ten o'clock last night.•JTbe mafla ot t h e Hungarian reached this city from Portland early yesterday morning.gredients are simply fossil automatons, they will be giving a virtual endorsement to politi- cal depravity in its most hideous nakedness From the time when the great old Regency,much. The increased intercourse o f Europe, particularly England, Germany and France, with the republic of the United States, during the last twenty yeara^has liberalized a a d e s -aid settled in the Congress, and it is important for our government to see that the settlement shall not prejudice American rights, and that no combination o f crowned heads shall b e ferracd against the commercial progress of our great republic.THE CONSERVATIVE EJ-EME.S r IN THE COL-NTKV— THE POPULAR VOTE.—The black republican members of Congress are quaking in their shoes at the evidences of reaction among their Own more immediate followers, and of the rising against them of the conservative feeling among the people; and while they are hopingney to circulate Helper's l>ook, or to elect Sherman Speaker of the House.A8 we predicted, there have been found some journals in Massachusetts ready t o apologise for the Lawrence manufacturers. One Boston newspaper, after pelting u s a t random with such epithets a s "coldblooded," "diabolical," "malicious," "Satanic," <tc. favors us with a sample of New England cthice such as w e never could have dreamt of in our philosophy.Here It is:—The Pimple answer to the reckless a n d iapoteat aaea- entrusting their national representation to dacity and rsaliof of the BSKAU> is, that in this city taa sum often thousand Colters was raised in two days forfanatics a n d roystering blackguards. When the reliefoftheucfortuaalevictimsof the Laarrenceca we compare the temper, logic and argumenta- Utstropbe.tive ability displayed in the Congresses of Really, this is very consoling. So logical,too! The premises indisputable, a n d the coa- other days with the brutal preparations which clusion most obvious! Ten thousand dollarsa Haskin and the swaggering bluster which a sul'scribed on the spot! What right have twoWe publish tome very interesting extracts from which was composed of gentlemen, was stranthe South ? We know that Mr. Hickman vaunts bis willingness to march and conquer the South with a handful of republican abolitionists; but we took this for the vaporing boast of a foolish braggart who comprehended neither the posi- tion be occupied nor what is due to the body of which he is a member and the constituency he represents.oar foreign filee, containing full detail* o f the news, of which a n ample telegraphic summary appeared in t h e HKBALD o n Sunday morning.The litest intelligence from Lawrence in regard worse, from year to year. The election oi to th e recent calamity, U given elsewhere in ourdidate of the Charleston Convention," if, "inmoment Mr. Haskin, the republican member forWestchester,intheStateofNewYork,whoTotal killed sad wounded §14In the meantime, the amount of the subscrip- tions for the relief of the sufferers swells day by day, and the prospect, is that the (had wan be a very Urge one.Wetakeoccasiononcemoretorefertoate lesson taught by the calamity above referred to, and to insist that the responsibility of it shall be put where It belongs—upon thetheir future share of the spoils. It distinctly five electoral votes of New York" can only bedrawn it, but that it dropped by accident fromdepraved Cassidy "be allowed to manage their internal parlyandvicioust h eparty,organization in their own way."If, after such a brazen-faced avowal of dis-Haskin with a loaded pistol in a delibera-tive assembly, where representative m e nmeet to discuss and decide upon our commonaffairs as a nation ? Did he contemplate usingthe arguments o f powder and lead t o decidewhere the majority stood? Did he suppose eafery of their operatives before thej that it would be necessary to exercise or resist throw away any more of their heavea- intimidation? I s t h e republican party pre- born sympathy upon th e black slaves pared to resort to violence and bloodshed on of the South, or expend any more of their mo- the floor of Congress as well as on the soil ofpermit the presence, in their midst, of a bodypublic seminary, said he did not want their pu-pils to know too much—he did not want learn-ed or scientific mon, but obedient subjects. Theworld has outgrown this doctrine, aud Napo-leon III., recognizing the fact, proclaims theprinciple that the people can never know too rights of neutrals in war will be discussedgled by the Wilmot Proviso anti-slaveryi-sm ofthat the a n dthe Van Burens, in 1816 and 1817, the historyof its successors has been growing worse and tablished its statesmanship, and the emigrantsof th eleon I.; a main object of this is to overthrow it again in a different mode, accord-Congress was founded on the ignorance of thepeople—the latter is based upon the advancingintelligence o f t h e a g e . When attendingytheCongress of Laybach in 1821 .whose edictsjperea fuller developernent of the obnoxiouVprinci-ples of the Congress of Vienna, the Emperor ofhonesty, the national delegates at Charleston Austria, in a speech to the professors of a liberties and the hopes of humanity. But theobtained ont h e Regencyconditiono f Caggerb yrepudiated by the people of France. You Massachusetts. 38,298 68,700 36,170 59,431rights, who shall calmly deliberate upon the common interest,-and b e guided in their d e - cisions by the wishes of a majority. Where fore, then, pistols falling from the pockets ofpHaskin in debate, and 5Hickman blustering o his prowess to march as a conqueror from this point to that? Does it mean that the republi- can party is determined to carry the brutal and bloody doctrines of Seward, the cutthroat teachings of Helper, and the fanatical ruffian-nation at the massacre has been caused by the feeble support which the HERALD h a s o f late received in New England. The fact is that w e bave more readers in Massachusetts and Con- necticut than in any other two States of theUnion outside of New York; and as the popu- alion of the Metropolitan Police district, where tbis journal is printed, is somewhat larger tban that of Massachusetts, and as we are pretty well supported in the metropolis, it would not break our heart or ruin our business if we hadno Eastern "support" whatever. ,MORE MONEY WANTED FOR THE CANALS.—We give elsewhere an abstract of the report of the State Engineer which was sent in to the Legis- lature last Friday. The cost of completing theregard either to their kings or the people. But abolitionized republicans, and settle their fate they were afraid to openly avow this policy in forever as a party.N o a - a r r l v a i o f t h e K u r o p a . SACKvnx«, N. B., Jan IS—10 P. n .England, and in Parliament the palpable false-hood was put forth that "they had no disposi-tion to interfere with the rights of the French NEW YORK.—The recent panic among city nation in the choice of their own rulers."As yet we have no Intelligence of the steamship Kuropa, overdue atHalifax. Tne line there has not, however been m working order to-day. She could not have arrivesconfirm the expulsion of Austria from Italy byFrench arms, to restore liberty and indepen-poleon, and will not send a representative to theCongresstilltheFrenchEmperorhasrepu- diated the late pamphlet, which is evidently theselves to b u y nothing from the North. T h eIds predecessors, a n d , a s appears froa Comptrollers accounts, without any extraordi-crowned beads of Europe, which isto wortofbisinspiration. ThePontiffwillpro-awmble at Paris on Thursday next, the baWy think better of it on cool reflection, F or19th instant is the most momentous ever what can he do? Napoleon will not allow anyheld In the Old World. In another part of other Power to interfere to Italy, and if hethb1 day's paper will be found a highly inte- withdraws ids troops, then even "the Eternal stead of better. The people will fix the re- than for the sasae periods in 1857 aad '58,re-threatening to involve our best and highest in- will follow the lead of Napoleon, The Em- terests in civil conflict and ruin, the good sensegeneral rule, t h e earlier accounts o f extra- ordinary calamities over estimate t h ethe temporal sovereignty of the Pope, andduced to the narrowest dimensions, for the bead of the Greek Church wants no ecclesi- astical rival in Europe. The time is gone by | when the Catholics o f Europe will sustain the Pope in any appeal to religious fanaticism.national House o f Representatives, during a heated and angry debate.than a t first reported, as w H l b ethe following tabular statement which we re-eyes of the American people ought also t o b e directed to Paris. They have a deep concern in the proceedings, not only as regards the piogress of freedom, but in reference to their own interes-ts. T h e question o f the maritimequarter of a cent in the pound of iron, cause over five hundred persons, white slaves of the North, to be killed, maimed ot wounded. Aad we ssy further, that the owners o f mills n o w standing will do well to see to the453,69939,64131,949 The John Brown raid hadnot yethad time to act upon the black republican ranks, but it produced an immediate effect on the conserva- tive vote, bringing out, in round numbers, 32,000againstthefanatics. Sincethattimetheaftert h esentiment o f t h e North will rise against t h eWITHDRAWAL OF THE SOUTHERN TRADE FROM71,590tisements.times; and if the agitation now going on is not 303, and for 1859, $328,433. During the firstThese a r e significant signs o f theMr.of which he is a member. What did Mr. wealthy Boston philanthropists, who, to save aHaskin,a n d fromrepublicanWhen Brooks assaulted Sumnerclose of the session of the day, the black re publican journals howled with simulated horror a t the introduction o f brute force into the Senate chamber. Where now is theoperation of the bloody designs of the black act of going armed into the assembly vote. Our readers have already been informedrepublicans upon their followers is strongly to enforce the doctrines they proclaim? They fhat,for want ofproper protection against rail-and manufacturersthat openlycome outand Theyhavenotevenawordofreproachforthe last eight years. Addto thi3 three millionsabjure their former connection with the repub- indecent discovery. These facts prove the hol- borrowed to finish the canals, and t w o a n d alicans is a subject of constant remark. This lowness of the virtue they assume, and should half millions of debt illegally contracted,facthasbroughtMr.Sherman,theblackrepub- carryconvictiontoeveryhonest mind ot" the and assumed by the people at*the lastlican candidate for Speaker, to the point efnecessity o f some other rebuke than that of election, a n d then p u t o n t h e last feathorhopes to produce by his purgation, for he shows that he does it as a compromise andA man convinced against his will Is ot the same opinion still.urged to aggression upon the South by the fa- natical abolition outpourings of Seward, Help- er, Greeley and John Brown, endorsed by the support of all the republican members of Con-Albany lobby, as fine a 8e> or thieves as can be found at Sing Sing'or Auburn. T h e game at Albany is to reduje the canal receipts to so low a point thejf they will become a charge on the State,jiid then buy them Infor a song, and work them with the railways, when, we dare aay, they will pay their way and some- thing overbite should not be surprised if this consummation were nearer at hand than any one supposes.THE FramvE SLAVE LAW AND OCR POLICE.—•*New York, which owes its great commercialprosperity to its dealings with all sections ofthe Union, has always been remarkable for itsconservatism and devotion to national princi-ples. It has never indulged in riot and blood- during last night er this morning, or w e should hare r e -the matter being brought before the Metropo-litan Police Commissioners an attempt was Henry O. Van Yalkenburgh, Isqrs., were chosen altertempt to conceal or denv it. Already, in seve-raloftheSouthernStates,clubshavebeenes- yet,•penthewhole,CityInspectorDelavanhas ranean. Whileproceedingdo*nlawbay,braketutWtgahaus'i J and the work consequently suspended, kept the city in a far better state than any ofmorniog from the Brooklyn Nary Yard for th e M«d*«r-O't'reasyr hutqnotations'inchaagedtalestodawpreafousyears. T aw www.fultonhistory.com 