 1ii m evident ayed" of<v year*US,in tUe> powerful parties.>#tened q»»te a on theal right President- rdiess ofbeing: manifesto-is the the geo-aecesaity thecase had sne-as he State, SouthL Mr. withthe bestwhole Ore-to lose ee- -ion h Caro- * State*rs' that dge the ustri&n aas im- S Maj- nout hisCaro- rn from bjeet is -«te inred, if should Sooth-Stately. others. *y 'are.. •::!*.%, as bun asaonrs insloyr, MorrJl,uMseaasQ are: tne f p r ' w of themalum will bec.t frombeingactively >mot::igongres- rtown, ^testednarked timber ana ofre biru state.**- actioiL. ;>eeiusi.I860, whichwo y>ar- ' there ?ed J is the re- pinwa.ically le- ^ wire, *Ai. Ieom tze I'nifed iiaire. i erri<>-by heim uum latabe MentorofUe:jfcaa. et-is.od md ,/jfch?«*/;d- *>ve ratheJ fe»d- 'uiapeso.«»* iitfLi tov<ir. -Hi.Ju*' ~M I*]Tennessee wasistoaSouthern orariy -vik JW lijc ujui • mjjinicu im; more moneyor any other Confedcnicv until she had Q<y^£aHiwr.\ pet*. Therefore the Secretary of the uncut jgetH. Therefore the Secretary ofI Northern States that Tenuessee would not be driven*£ *0 Perf°nE Us dutyinthis respect,it isatanend. 1He referred in eloquent terms to the association ofat an expense oi nearly a million of doflara a year.jCitMiit&mHi&kei*!,m*aGtim%p%>fH**xafypf(r. -; m .Ui M-'i'^ -..,*•; ijv^L ..•• ~mf}}. - ^ *$m&$m VA;MB%&$ -M^;-»? rMm'Msmf-NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUfHS, THURSDAY, DECEMBER %>,M®. j*w<y»<w(iiww^^j*u -.i '—• mu.',a.-'.. *for the rayxaent cf invalid and other pensioners for the ye» r er.?ing June, 1S6&,.Also, the"bill making appropriations for the support Of the Military Academy.Both hills were pawed. • '•The consideration of the bill to carry out the treaties wi.h Mexico was resumed, and discussed bv Mos^r* Poi?^, SlidelT, Ivcrson, and Bayard, until 1 o'clock""^vhen the f.pftc>.'I order—the biil to allow the B«M- mo¥js and Ohio Kailroad to erne* the long,bridge across the I'orotniic K»ver, was taken up."Mr. KENNEDY {S. Ain., Md.; moved to postpone the eensidena.'jcn of the tmbject until to-morrow. Ag-e<.<! to.Mr..Johnsons(Dem., Tenn.) resolutions proposing amendment* to ihe Constitution were then taken up, wLeu Mr. J. resumed his remarks. He said that when he gave way ve*ierday, he was speaking of thelaw* of the North which were in conflict with the Fu- gitive Slave law. He proceeded to argue that such laws "were unconstituticiml and nullifying. The GoVern- ment should execute the laws iu every State, and their^_%.•it is aggression and rebellion. If the Government theNorthernborderStates.playthepartofpolice on the seastocaptureslavers,everygraceofmannerareshowntothebestadvautage, and those qualities of high breeding acquired by a life•Government complied with the conditions, and has had%j*ftW'l^t>i?foW**^V4^in "WrtWch he said, « Cotton is king.arm, ri n ecesaavythe nrmj and na.-y of Fm^I.md "aind Fracjcf- *3 V* promaety of the law, hut as to" its exetution. TiieMr. Sii^EMAN stiiu the'quettion was not as t*> the failed njpon. to protect its culture and transpUrfAU^0*0*" Secretary of the Iuterior has preegin/jlv cekefi for thisThe IVtJi Ward a^kedfor $40,000 for:the purchase of four lots in Vandcw&tor. street for the erection of a,Htf SECESSION MOVEMENT.(ion of the Governor of Arkansas, " about the secret . Secretary of- the Antedlerickn Golonizatidn Sca-kty, named Iteatdonj and seriously injuring two others. The IVtb Ward also aRked fer $2,172 for the farm-' ;' - T H E SECEDEKS: mm•From Oar Special C ->rw»si>oiident.VV ASHJNGTQN,M<.Ikings by the Biitisfc Government in this cmurtrv J stating^that the Oevemroei,, :ent of Liberia already has.into promote diauniou. ' ' But is the United Stated to be )> charge nearly 3,800 rrscapt-tpttired .Africans, and hasohlyto meet eon'tracts,from Gov. Gist's • "kessage and from Mr. Keiti's Mr. JONlTS. (Deim, Ga.) remarked that, 'pavingThe road is nearly finished, and wast expected to hei trare for their new building in CtfJver street. Referred completed to-day." The h:md-car proceeded from the to'Committee on School FurnitTire, who reported in- junction of the New-York, and Erie Railroad with la- stantly in favor, when, under the pferions question, borers for that, purpose, followed by the engine. The the* numey was appropriated',- although there is no•)>{«» Dee.,.47,(Johnson) would fell South Carolina that as farIn accordance with resolutions offered at a recent Judge Marshall to strensrthen his portion. He also the struggle for independence, and the meat men of Tbis is an attitudein which the Government ought not of intimacy with a social circle c»f intelligence and' re- meeting of the Democratic Republican General Cpm-Air. Johnson hero quoted further fro:u the opinion ofcalled attention to the views of Jackson and Webster the ooiiereni Ceutral Suites binding them together. In io.be placed, and it is one'that Congress should take finement have nowhere on the stage more telling effi-on this* subject. The Government was called into connection with the idea of a Central Republic might steps to obviate.gress at this moment, ifr ,updoub^ee'Jy "Shat of ae30Ktence by Siutes, and coqld not be broken up by asai.gle State. The Constitution was intended to beperpetual. When Congress (1793), passed a law taxingalsooccurtheideahowwasthecapitalfoundedbyMr, PRYOR. (Dem., Va.) would refnee to pay any more appnmiMions until there was a refonn in thi sysiem of providing for the maintenance of recapciencythanwhenbroughttoaidtheperfectdelineation severalWardsabouttheCity,lastnight,forthepur- masterlyinactivity. Theyhave done;nothingtodi.-fiHenes, a part of the people of Pennsvlvanin re- less democratic; than the one under which we now live tured Africans. The Republic of Liberia is on the dozen lines to speak, and those the merest common- gates to the Young Men's Committee. The delegatessisted. There was no difference oeiween thai and resist-ance,by the whole people a State. The talk now is—never! never! extremity of being swamped with these shirtless canni- places, has ample opportunity, to recover from the agi- have gone forward and elected- an Administrationbals. He was for giving Liberia an opportunity of to the General and Young Men's Committees are as to sustain them. If unybocry is d:afcit:j5.1ed with He reed extracts from the newspapers of Columbus, illustrating her capacity for self-government. Unap- tion which the vociferous reception of enthusiastic follows:about the coercion of u State only, but he'fanciedthere was no great distinction to be made. Congress Ga„ suggesting a monarchical Government,to show that proved of the plun of Great Britain, namely: taking friends is certain to create, aud to become accustomed FIHST WARD.—Geaeral Committee—Thomas Byrno«, Michael the result, it certainly is net? the Repr'bSc.inR.enforced the laws, but there was no talk about the coer- there was a party at the South in favor of a monarchy, recaptured Africans into quasi apprenticeship*. to the novelty of the situation, and rally all her strength Halpin, Patrick T. Carney, Williams Burns. Youus Men's They have accomplished just*what't&y set about cion of a State. Mr. Johnson here read from the and to ask the South to consider what Government it Committee—William Piggoct, Matb«yw Beirne, Charles Evilly,proclamation of Washington toshow that he considered was going under. Is it not better " to hear the ills Mr. SHERMAN explained that the appropriation and self-possession, before'the. exigencies of the play jr., GeorgeL'ally. to accompb'sb; nothing morer; OBOthiag less. Xfr*ert a noble band at the North who stood by the South. kee cupidity. * ' '•meaning of the Constitution, wiiere it speak.-; of levy- on principle ? Yet, for a temporary defeat it is pro- Mr. CLEMENS (Dem., Va.) desired to settle the ing war? Aud in levying'war, she doe-' what the posed to.turn our hacks on tbem andleave them to question at once. The President has already 'become Constitution declares "to be treason. We may as their fate. We have nothing to do but to stand firmly responsible, under the construction of an existing Jaw, at our posts like men, and in four years' time Lincoln for the support of these negroes in Africa, to the ex- . if anything can be treason, within the and his party will both he hurled from power. What tent of $!-)'.'0,(K'0, and it was for us to say whether we scope of the Constitution, is not levying war upon the. reason, then, is there for desertion and the breaking should continuethis act, thus construed. He denied Government treason ? Is not attempting to take the rip of the Government? He believed that we could •that the law authori'/cs'the President to maintain the • - propertv of the Government and expel trie Govern- obtain all needed guaranties. He entreated every negroes thus relumed for one year, by which expendi-ment soldiers therefrom treason 1 la not attempting patriot to come forward in the spirit of brotherly love, ture this huge sum has been incurred.and norbiny but treason. If a State, bj its own voli- even if we had a quarrel whh the North sometimes. It tion, can go ont of the Union, what is the Government was better to quarrel with the North occasionallywc-.th ! But under the phrase " Secession,-' it, is de- clared that Sooth Carolina, if she secedes, is no longer a member of the Union, and, therefore, the laws and Constitution Of the United States are inoperative, and she is not guilty ot any violation. This is a matter of •opinion. 1 have tried" to show what this doctrine of Secession is. Mat'is«n, wi>o was called the father ofthe Constitution, denies this doctrine. Washington, who is called the father of his country, denies this doctrine. Jeflerson, Webster, Mid Clay, all deny the doctrine, and yet we are t J d to-day t.h'at a State enn go out of this great Con- federacy without any regard to the woe and misery that may be indicted upon the rem.iining States. Ifor thereabouts, with a face of much beauty and in- Bernard Gormley. Young Men's Committee—Anthony Miller, Theodore Jarvis, Jacob Bennett, Charles Doane, Lawrence W.telligence, an expressive eye, and a voice not power- ' Hill.ful, but singularly musical. In the words of the FOURTBBKTH WARD.—General Committee—Aid., Michael Tuon^ey, David KJssney, Geo. Debenham, Coi. Michael Corco- text, she was periect, and her readings are all ran, Geo. Cossidy, Jas. Carty. Young Men's Committee—F. J. .sensible and good. ' In the business of the Byrne, George Spencer, IN. W. Mooney, P. W. Cunningham,Henry Jones, vV. S. Wilhelm.stage she was as easy as any inexperienced FIKTEENTH WARD.—General Committee—Daniel W. Norris,and third to negotiate. I do not expect to seev them even refuse to pay duties at the* principal ports of entry in the Southern States, unless .-* perhaps spasmodically. I .believe they mean to submit to this oppression for the present, andany attempt of this kind, does she not come within thewell talk • of things' as they arc, " forperson can he, and she has evidently hibored long and Jas. J.- Gumbleton, John B. Ryer, John Wheeler, Abraham T: to hold local and general Conventions to s«© Hillyer. Young Men's Committee—John Gumbleton, Chas.endeavored to qualify hortelf for her last night's under- Hamilton, Geo: Canlfield, Jas. Gibson. John S. Norris. what shall be done about it, and what line oftaking. She was much frightened, and seemed unable SIXTEENTH WARD.—General Committee—E. B. Hart, Mich'l action shall be pursued, endeavoring all the while, , Balpin. James Murray, Udolpho WoL'e. Suru'l T. Munson, Johnto thoroughly regain her self-possession at any time M. Barbour. Young -Men's Commi'.loe—Thos. Earle. Ch.is. to widen the basis of the Secession movcaient 1 Ricburdson, J. Lawlor, Karl Hearlev, Hugh Martin, John C.to rv&ibt the,collect ion Of the revenue, attempting to to Stand around the altar of our common coun'try, toJOHN COCHRANE (Dom., N. Y.) thought that the Africans-sent-to Liberia, under the law, should not, Constitution shall he maintained' and the Union pre- be received there and left to perish. The law neverduring the play. Her engaging appearance, however, Buff. . ' •her evident appreciation of the text, and excellent un- SEVKNTEBNTH W ARD.-General Committee—J. W . Chanler. S. Ely, jr.. •A.Eickhoff, B. Reilly. C.G.Cornell. G. A. Jcro-derstanding of the fullest meaning of the author, tind mfoh, J. A. McLaughlin. Young Men's Committee—W. Schir- tLat kind consideration always granted a lady under mer, Phil. ReiHy, Luke F. Co/.ios, Owen Tally, Wm. Groeuert,by_ roping in the Northern Slave States. IS be- . / lieve the Disunion fever will thus take on a ;•fslow" form, and perhaps exhaust itself before it exhausts the patient. We shall, I. think, have*lay the Constitution upon it, and to swear that thexiame Of the Constitution, wba( is it? Xt is treason, served. He thought it better to preserve the Union, contemplated such an outrage upon humanity.exclude the mails, and driving the Federal Court from her borders treason ? What is it ? I ask, in the- t/bit- doctrine- he true, then a State can secede and with-draw. Suppose, ft»r instance, that South Carolina hasseceded, and is now out of the ^Confederacy; What yielded it to Mr. LANE.seen. It is, however, very easy to foresee that? >>'(Iverson) about some Texas Brutus arising to-relieve Congress at the last serriori thus construed the law o •that S_t;ite oi her Governor unless he should conform fco .'181°, when-it authorized' the President to feed and the wishes of the people. This, he (Johm,on) said, does • clothe them in Liberia. He opposed the introduction not look much like harmony.s He appealed to the of the British apprentice system as more .outrageous South to pause and consider "before they reshly go too and objectionable than any other disposition that could far. lie earnestly appealed to the North to come for- be made of them. Nothing should be done to increase ward with propositions of Mace, conciliation, and con- the number of Africans iu'this country. We do not cession. They know that Congress has power to-day want them, as free, apprentice, or slave. .Let us do to arrest secession and save-the Union. Will they nothing to inererse this species ot" population calculated come forward, or desert the sinking'ship ? V'or one ro bring- about that'" irrepressible conflict" beiween he would stand supporting the edifice of his country as the races which 1ms already given us so much trouble. long as human efforts could Jast. Mr. Johnson closed He would.willingly vote for the appropriation required, witn a strong, earnest, and eloquent appeal lor all to and for more, if found necessary by the principles ofstand bv the Constitution and the Union. humanity. ; ' . ' - • •Mr. BUGH (Dem., Ohio) obtained the floor, hut Mr. REAGAN did not think it was right to put thefoot. On the contrary, he would find them ready to taken from vessels hound to the United States only. meet him there, and repel his'bloody baiid. They Mr. KEAGAN thought that the-Government to would say to'him, Von shall not subjugate a gallant which the vessels are bound should maintain the ne- State, struggling for her right's—rights denied item in 'Ar' es. • ' ' . - ' .the Union. • [Applause in the galleries.] The President Mr. K U N K E L maintained that it Was manifest the elect was elected simply because of his hate to the present laws are defective. They have not produced Son'h. Is it surprising,"then, that the gallant Siate of the suppression of the slave-trade. By the law passed South Carolina should resi.-t ? He here serve notice on last Feseion*the burden on the Government has been the North that site cannot carry a united North to iu- increased.vade a State'lightiiig for her rights. He knew some-Chesiiire Wm. C. O'Brien. Dennis Brennan. Thomas Manson, Upborne on.the p'audits of a theater fall of enthusi- George McGrath. General Commi'.tee—James Irving. Fred'k L. astic and 'interested friends, Miss D^ismore hastri- Vu'U'et^Edwqrd Cooper, C. Godfrey Gunther. Henry H. Condon, MichiWl Loonnn. John J. Bradley. Young Men's Committee?—umt.hrutly parted the terrible ordeal of a first night, George McGrath, Eugene Dnrao, John T. Gay, John Dolan, Patrick McMonns, Thomas Mullin. Thomas Manson. In tin'sbut when that delusive support is withdrawn we tip- Ward the Inspectors were divided. The ticket headed-James preheh.d her histrionic victories will he less easily1 won. Irvine was t^e one elected at.the corner of Twenty-second street and Tliird sv< nue. and tbo other, beaded John R. Briirgi?. waa It is ever a most unwelcome dutyto dampthe aspira- elected m Twenty-fourth nt^eet. between Second and Third ave- nues. Both sets of Inspectors claimed to be regular. A slrong tions of young ambition, but we believe that in all force of police was present at both polling places, but no. dis-ca.es like this it is best' for the profession, for the turbr.uce occurred. • . NJN.ETKKNTH WARD.—General Committee—Terence Farl-ey,lady, and fgtvber.friends, that the honest truth be told Dennis McCarthy, William Dunham. John Fitch. Patrick Rus- in all kihdneis, and with all gentleness consistent sell, William Hitchmnn. Yonug Men's Committei-—John Mi- Cabe, John' O'Niell, Churlea Ii. Lyons, Jacob Bender, John Ken-with "plain-speaking; and so delicate a sub- nedy, A. Docdiiey.ject; Without desiring to criticise, we merely TWENTIETH WARD.—General Committee—Peter B. Sweeny,Thomas.McConnell. John Hardy, Nelson J. Waterbury, John state a. fact, when we say that Miss Dinsmore's McGrane, John B. Radley. William Conboy. Young Men's Committees-Edward Degnan, George Hepburn, Joseph i'reitdi-voice, though exerted last night, to its utmost stvain, ble. John Cbyle, Dominiek Lynch, Patrick Devlin, John W.'tragedy.It will not surprise me in the least to findeven South Carolina's ardor restrained by the • "dictates of prudence so far as to pretermit theassault upon Fort Moultrie. It is likely to befound advisable for South Carolina not to openwar on the United States until her sister. SlaveStates are ready to back her. How soou this' J .will be is not just now very clearly to be foro>^,K'AMr. L A N E (Hem., Oregon) said that he could notexpect to reply to the Senator from Tennessee. Therewas one thing the old Democracy -would not do. They ccmpellfd to.maintain them'attitude does she place herself in.' Toe re :uig!tt becircumstances in which the States entering into and'remaining under the compact mignt tolerate—I wish tobe understood—might tolerate the secession of a State, would not march under the bloody banner of the Sena- Mr. BINGHAM opposed the amendment of Mr. Rea- she t; king the consequences of the art. But suppose, tor from Tennessee to trample South Carolina under gan, which WHSto limit the appropriation to negroeswas for many whole scenes nearly inaudible in the re-Wilson.T-WENTT;FIRST WARD.—Gei.'"-a! Committee—John Kelly,territorv. suppose now, she says that she will walkout madman in the world, as to do so would drench the. Legislature favoring cooperation, and urging a Con-S«-ev. or do ^her j^o back to the condition of lem- ine.trire whether any offices connected with, the Sur- torics? It was "oia; of the principles oi toe Goven.- vevor-Generars OJffices, can be dispensed with.mexJ. to appropriate territory if it was im. oanger of The House went, into Committee on the Deficiency he^v: otxmpien L> the enemies of the Government, or Appropriation bill. .-tfv&vMrr, totheGovernmentfromitsgeographical MT.SHERMANofferedan amendmentappro-- portion. pri;:ti:V" $t'00,0G0 to carry out the law for the. suppres-sj ohe on Monday. • A thousand copies of lus speech has been orderedto be printed.XlieCanailfait BankH. Bt'FFAj.o, Wednesday, Dec. t0,"l^«0.oobstructthemovementofthenew.machine,but weight18owt.-that. 'J'hatwouldbetarryingthejoketoofar. Now, just for the, sake of testing their willing- ness to do something iu aid of the eountrv. we make bold to ask them to shut up their howling.Ma-.Johnson here quoted the Ostend letter as setting sion of"the African slave-trade. „,*,'. that doctrh:- ir regard to Cuba. Ihe i>rincifdowW apply 10 Louisiana or South Carolu*, ir eithwmiuk:l& taeicLy eud«uger the gfvem«fc«^: InjGovernment ho*, mider this principle, to mm. jnd•-ight '»for the month 6f.$l;i00,000; gain in specie, |4,50O; and increase in loans. $1,180,000. Compared with r.tu> same month last year there is uu. increase in cir.ituition of over $y,000;000, and in epecie $1,500,000., SUODKK DEATH.-r-AI>OUt 8 Ofolook last tligbt, 0Q1&*ner Murphy was ,-itlled upon to hold an inquest ou "the body ofa man named Wilimm Frantz. wlio died suddenly at hi* Ut« T j 'i 8 "°,Ul d bt> t h ° ,0CBt ^ ^ v f e ^ d i ^ u i d do to-iu*.eech of ex-' ft. ';*. .••'..-•»"•'-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-*. .*w*t#**tffititiimmM-mmmwww.fultonhistory.commust meet vour humble servant, and wylk over his ing. An address was iented to the people of South dead bedv before you can c\o it. [Applause; and cries Carofihit, Alabama^ "Mississippi, and Florida, signed bylying, being r. arred only by the fault of Mr. Booth's right hand cut offby a circular saw." The hand was subsequently packets will be peaceably enjoying-tb eir coasting-H amputated. . • .-revolution with McXOCO, and achieved her independence. Sin applied for admi-sion, and when admitted, she was opt r, ..<ed bv debt aud harassed by the Indians on her borders. I n 1850 w e took the territory firing to the north of her, when she had not power to protect her cit'tttna, und, in addition to that, gave her ten millions ot collar.*, and vet Texas now presumes, upon tier ownvolition, to whlk ont of the Union. Were there no Other parties to the compact ! Did wc take in Cali- fornia and Texas jour to benefit them ? Nay; the com- pact was reciprocal for the benefit of the "State, and "having entered into the compact, they have no right to.withdraw wifboaf th<; consent of the other Suites. JU^ reffrrttii to the purchase Of the Territory of Lmdsi- ana for $1^,000,000, peptecting it while a 'J'enitory,and admitting it as a St^c into the Union, lot, aoid'he, i o w it is claimed Louisiana can go out, an'! -perhapsatf^tipt- to close the mouth of the Mississippi, from the-Oreat West.5ir. SLIDKLL s;:id that no person in Louisianawished to rettrici the t'ri;f) navigation of the Mississippi Mr."JOHNSON—Perhaps there k no wish to re-strict Me navigation now, but who can tel the ehaggethat circumstances may make \; 1hese States, beforethev were admitted into the Union, were held as lerri-torie.< and provin.es. Suppose they go. out now, whatcondition do «hey J.-lace themselves ml Arc they adopted, instructing the Comndtteo on Public, I^uels to was courteously regeived .by .the Legislature. Heclcciuion, which destroys the beauty&Qf so many of his finest, scenes.There are certain rapid transitions in his tones thattrade with New-York City, all thro' jgli the com-; ing Winter and Spring months. ' { would not advise anybody, ' therefore, to c hangc existingot " G o o d " in the galleries.] ,Hc dooked forwar&ss fendlv SH ever father looked for a beloved son or daughter to the reconstruction of the Government.52 membei s of the Legislature.In the .Senate, a resolution offering the services ofCambridge Catlle Market. RErOUTKD VOli THK N. >". TKIBVXK BV OK". Km*.He aiifued that the doctrine of "State Rights " must the men.hers of the Legislature iu case of coercion ofThe Republicanprevail, or disunion would follow. The Republican any Southern State, and requesting, the Governor toWKONK8DAY, D^C.. 19. 18«1.are unpleasant, and at times he raises his voice into a Whole number of Cattle at market. 570; about 400 Beeves business arrangements immediately . The hadingon party of the North have inllicted ruin arid distress outhe country, and when starving thousands march through their streets, they must be held responsible. Neman loved his con:.try more than he did. Heand 170 Stores, consisting of Working Oxe:;, Miicu Cows, and soft, semi-sinking tone, which gradually degenerates one, two, and three year old..classes'are bound to have ample .'.joticeyet of theThe discussion in the Senate/on separate State action would lay down his life "now it it would avert the is reported to have been the ablest of the Session.$0 Two-ye'arp-old, *10 to *12; Tbree-yeaM-oW.**14to $1T. Sheep fuid Lambe, 2,2ri.r) at market: price* ir> lor-. $1 2 5 ^ $ Jcoming troubles. Executive session.; Adjourned.Mr. Hill of Troup, in a blaze of eloquence, character- ized separate action as " r i g h t accomptishing its own Mr. WASHBl'KNK (Rep., 111.) offered a resolution, defeat; liberty forging its own chain; happiness poison-jur tice, and his admirers a positive wrong, iu not erad-icating a fault that so often ruins the finest passages he 5i.f/ *1 75, each; extra, $2, *2 50 to $4ft$6, or from 2.Vto 6AcHOUSE OF REPRESENTATrVES.the Senate concurring, that when they adjourn to- ing its own cup; prosperity committing suicide.'Cattle. L'mhs.'•'•" Sh'p 4 Cattle. I/inb-..'M3«WASIHNC;TOX, Tuesday, I^c. 18, 1860. The phi-eniSled screamers wt.o do the unearthly^ yelling of the sensation press, cry out as if eacufme: row, it he to meet on the 7th oi January.Mr. ET3HER1DGE (S. Am., Tenn.) moved to lay.'••'.Hides, fin. $> tb; Tallow, 6c V ID; Pelts, *1 each; Calfit on the table. It was tabled by three majontyv.The consideration of the Territorial business was operation among the Southern States.'A reconsideration wao moved and lost.570' 2 2S5 were possessed of seven dey&s.•N. B.—Beef Extra and P'ir^t quality include nothing but the,, A favorite topic of their raint is Mr. Lincoln'^postponed. • \. , ,, .— Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., Ohio), from the Committee on Ways and Means, reported a bill making an appro- priufcienfor Legislative, Executive, ohd Judicial ex-Mr. Delaney's bill, protecting the citizens of Georgia from processes :in the Federal courts, was lost by 10 majority. •'•••'•'.hostage.Second quality includes the best grass-fed Oxen, the best •tall-fed Cows, and tne best three-year-old Steers.' ,, do something, but particu',urly say somethingOrdinaiy consists of Bulln. mid the refuse of lot*. -.SMKICV—Extra includes Coweta, and when those of inferioi For they say everybody ahf^ld do s^oaethiug, or quality are thrown out. •',••'.penditures for the vcar ending June, 1862.Mr. SHERMASl al.-,o bfleied a resoluuotvwhich wasW . L. .Harris, the Commissioner from Mississippi,TLere were 24 cars over thei Grand Trunk ond E»i»tern Rail- say something^ aud declare that, even they them, The Beard of Education held its last regular meeting road 74 ove- the Bos'on and Lowell, ynd 42 ov«»r the Fitchburg; selves are willing to "UTftite heart :md hand toor the year yesterday, .Mr. President CuiiTi-s in the — of those over the Fitchburg were from Albany.chair. "Neminations were received from the Local, RjiifAHKB,—There wa.. but aemull stock a; market to-day, but " s a v e the country from destruction,'' and even sufficient for the demand. The best cattle and sheep sold readilyBoards for teachers of Evening Schools,-according to at lu*t week's price*, and probably ir n few histarces a slight a«f- to pray for it. We are disposed to see them do • he bv-law reorganizing the Evening Schools. Some vance was obtained. The largest Heifer ever brought,to thismembers, of the Evening School Committee .attempted market, raised by Joeiah Bennett of >\ cstmoieland, N. II.. anything but pray. W e trust they won't do was tiold by Q. E.. Pierce to E. Rico, jr , for ^ U ^ o w u , ue;The ofluinl monthly i-tatemeut of all the Canadian Mr PHELBS-(Dcn).. Mo.) was willing to vote tor bunks, for November, exhibits a decrease iuciwudatiouafter a short struggle, in .which' the Evening School Committee developed a Btrength of J.3votes,Mr. FAUI.KV, one of the Committee, said to another of the Committee, Mr, Bvrnej ''let's die easy," and left. . ••"•• ...After a prolonged contest all thenomiuatious, whichW e quote IIidea at Oc. and Belts at *f»1: but owing to tlie.un- settled state of the bubine«ii prices ure uomiuul. mauy lot* being aold much lower.• - agSK:.• i ^^it^l^i^^mMr.'CLEMENS contended that the law would bear no such construction as the President has given it. .Thos. Wallace, if. Kelly.EIGHTEENTH WARD.—General Committee—John R. Brigg.?,support of these negroes on our Government. They should, be delivered up to the agents of the Govern- ment from which the vessel sailed, and they should beorder out all the members of the Assembly first for the held, -\VJIB lost. . ,into a whinii^'cadence that is as eminently unnaturalas itjs thoroughly disagreeable.. It is atone so easilyguarded against that Mr. Booth doe6 himsolf a great in-PKICKS QKMAKKRT PBKV .—Extra. S-fi5<rS;#7; first cuaHjty, ^fi; second Quality, $5 25: third quality. *3 5<>;ordinary,' *2 *'$. PRTCKS OK STORK CATTU*.—Woiking Oxen, per pair, none; Cowt and Calves, from Sr^O, tf4f>. to tfc60; Vearlinga, *7 io1A" resolution was adopted—Yeas 56, Nays 54—"that, iu>-there is a common interest, there",should be-a co-cave to-again remind Mr. Dyott and Mrs. Archbold Maine.............. 70 New-Hampshire.. .138340iWei«tern...j 580|Cafaud«715'.'Htfv*Jtti'-• -itUntitled DocumentBOILING Si'itiKo, N. J.; Weduesdtiy, Bbo» 1$,4. An engine of the ffackensack Railroad, thi« mowi- building for School NoJ J.,*o. run down in the exten- lag, ran over a hand-car, containing twenty-two petf- sion of Chambers street;" Referred to the Fiuancel f c e impropriation. . .this? j\.'f.Johnson:Hen qnoted from the proctaiua* Mr.SHEBMAN cmtr-edalettertoho read from the •^oijs-,near llackeiisack, instantly killing one poison Committee. , :' ..-.'..'• WADERS grEECH—PROPOSED AQTIQN OFIs this C^overnment prepared for a state of 'thiff^^ ^engineer is tixid to have run away" immediately after the collision. :• •. . "'. -. -v .'— - ». ** >u/v\«tM. v t t i v i u i u t:i*ti CkO l.il <CN. l^wihe-jetfecr *o/ iricreiasmg the number of the re- :it'the present tfrr.e, uccording to a caiefnlly prepared statement The Sisters of Charity asked for some old furniture to say anything offertsiv-e m\ "ritatirg. It wasconcerned she \vo:iId not be drugged u] tured/ lor the men<- captured the more money that in 'lht"Coir.vurr.iaL Times of thia city, fii',\,'.'A'.'jijVi'0bushels, ero- for their Industrial School in Forty-second street.every way an admirable #ffox\* and left n mani-festly good impression on fan " " ' ^ of the im-lime to consider.about it ! He would" alr>o tell Che | Colonization re re-Another communication was received from the IVth thi*. do^s Dot include tl» amount atjoat at ButfaJo. The total <v- \ Ward, stating thatthe four lots in Vandewater street••enfor ement could not be coxusidered an invasion, lie . out of the Confederacy either. If the Abolitionists•wentonto arguethat a Statecouldnotgoontof theIwanted to abolish Slaverv, the first stenUrion by it* own volition, arid wad that such was. the ] they would take would be to dissolve the Union. of Africa. He' was, hot aware that. a single cargo. of ItOMEO AND JULIET, AT THE opinion of the found* rs of the Government. Mr. John- ! The existence of Slavery demands a preservation of tlaves, except by the yacht/Wanderer, was ever landedson here read extracts from the writings of Mr. Madi- the Union. -What protection will the border'States in the United States. "The trade was carried on be- | have if the Union is dissolved, whose property is at tween Africa and-perhaps two or three provinces ineon to fhow that snch waa the oj.inion of Mr. Madison. I J.1.*^' an<* whose interests are most endangered '? If aHe quoted also from letters of Mr. Jefferson ou the division were commenced, where would it stop? Rather the dominion of Spain. England, by her treaSv with'.ation Society does not care how manv ai captured from now "till doomeday.Stare of Trade at Buffalo and Oswego.., .-.'; OKWBGO, W edncsdar, Dec. 19, 1050.me-ct of „bis. opponent*. He wa* very bol«l andt5n*°* SJOO^" »e that he forborer. The Ninth Ward a«ked- also for $10,500 for the , a t epeeclies to show .vttuit nueh was the intention. vIIe Liberia llbciallt" for the caie of reccptured Africans The amount of giain in store at Oswego aud Buffalo purchase of threelots in Cannon street. ) lain-sp?kenfhmch^ 2,625t00_buthels 'VVheat, 411OtK) do. Corn, 42;000 doOat«. i47.ow)do. Barley, 84,oo(i do. Rye, and 3,000 do. Peas; bnt ^ » n o i n e r communication was rec<orjpt» of-.graJa., &t GSWCRO andBoflalo for the FI-IHOD, reducing ' were not worth moietbari $7,000 apiece, and that they weme crowd who adtniribgly'-pgC<BD<i& to him. • \ Mr. MA TNARD (S.Am., Tenn.) said the slave-trade J Flour to Wfceat, are, in the aggregate nearly 55,000,000 bushels. were in a position totally unfit for a'scbooMioate.' Tnwashotcarried'onbetweenthiscountryandtheco&siReferredf<>CommitteeonSrtesandSchool-Houses. Gompronusing doesn«:*tseem?to m i ^'^g »ni WINTER • The holidays were fixed at all the days now recog- favor. Aesnroing that a' comprt*»a»i«c invol^ea nized as such: the day after New-year*8,*Good Friday, subslantial concessions o% the ret J points thatand the day after any holiday which comes on Thurs-day. Adopted. have just been submitted to- tbe anbitraiwnt ofMr. W A TEKBIKI' introduced a resolution to close the people, and by them daefded irr favor of the\KrypuWicans, it eeeras as irapttdeni tot «xact a« it Is idle to expect them. Ott'to-pomr Mr. Wad» expressed the almost univercil centwchpnta of the *Republicans. But -the main yrivtr ia, .toe Seccw-;sioni8t8 don't want any coamroawBC*. They want to rebel. •/•'- ...•'••.The policy of the RopubHcarf pprl?'.m Con-of the high-born Italian beauty.same subject, to nhow that it wan not necessary to give Spain, can, if she choose, close those'port.s to-morrow, play arranged tor stage representation, extend3toLbe the schools on the 4th" of January next, Presidentthan see the Government divided into thirty-three or as early as her inclination prompts.1 England" also Buchanan's fast day;the Government power to enforce the laws in HState, P«lty. wrangling powers, he would see it a consoli- has treaties extending all along the African coast, young lady Uovice certain flattering promises of an Mr. TUCKER moved to lay on the table. Lost.as they bad it by the law of the nation. Mr. Johnson dated Government, and consolidated power. It might closing that part of the world to the slave-trade. But easily-won success that are ofion potont in influencing Adjourned to meet on Wednesday next. .cb.-.mcdthat the power :o enforce the laws was expressly occur to the border States that it was ibetrer for them by her connivance, not to say participation, this traffic her selection of this love-lorn heroine asthe subject of delegated by the States to the General Government. to ebtablish a Central Republic, instead of going with is permitted to be carried on, while the United StatesIf any State sets itself up in opposition to this power, the Southern States, and form friendly alliances with Government, by treaty, is made.-from rime to time to her first histrionic essay. Every charm of lace andTAMMApYGENERAL— • » — .COMMITTEES. s :GARDEN,The character of Juh'et, as set forth in the actingwe have than fly to others we know not of ?" It might. asked lor waste carry out anexisting,law and contract. make a serious demand upon her powers. The progress Sxeottn WARD.—General Committee—Wflliara Minor, anybody wishes to break up the €rorormnent for^p.the laws should be enforced and that the*Union was be that some Louis Napoleon was ready to seize oh the It was not. compulsory on Liberia to take care of recap- Patrick McMahcn. Young Men's Committw—Thomas Mc-inseparable. Gen. Washington sent 15,CO0 men to put tured Africans. If "she does not wish to be thus bur- of interest's very gradual, and the intensity of the Cauley, Charles W. Kruger.this loyal and legitimate action-,- thart-is not the '"'.i fault of the Republicans, and they are in no wise responsible for such an uupa'.trictic design^ Neither can they be expected to ^propitiate the"" dissatisfied party, by coming forwurd with, or sustaining measures that look to th» surrender of their recent triumph. '•In respect to the future action'of the Seces-. sionists, it does not look as thttx^h'' they medi- tated anything very desperate. I expect to see them endeavor to throw legislative- obstae.'es iathe way of having Mr. Lincoln deofrared elected, g; They, or some of them, would b**-very glad to •- throw the Government off its regular traek-by •' some small processes of legislative SJIFbustaring. After failing here, and failing' to extefc a surren-der of their principles from the Republicans^ itr ; is likely they wiH sullenly retire, declare thera- selves out of the Union, and proceeds to concoct; further, mischief. So faT as I can judge by ap- pearances, these revolutionists, however^ mean to>.,,, proceed very cautiously. They do r.frt act er seem like men who are about plunging into ther horrors of a civil war. They appear much like* men who are about trying an experiment which.do^n rebellion. That is the way Washington en- reins ot the Government. Tennessee never passed dened, she can refuse to receive such Africans; and the passion increases slowly, and the actress has time to forced the lawB. Suppose that the whole peo^lo of under a less democratic 'Government. It intended tostand ry the Constitution and demand a faithful per- President can make a contract with any other partv. become.somewhatfamiliar with the audience, the foot-THIRD WARD.-General Committee—H. G. Crozier, Edwin M. Hagerty. Young Men's Committee, John Matthews, Michael McCann.the State of Pennsylvania had rebelled, would it not forroaUce of the guaranties. It would not be driven Mr. BURNETT (Dem., .Ky.) said* that the 'law lights, and the business of the scene, before she needs FOURTH WARD.—General Committee—Charles J. Dougherty,Ooo. P. Bickfofd, William Drew. Daniel Donovan, James to put forth her powers in a grand effort. Spite of White. Young Men's General Coinmittee^—VVm. P . Kirk. John Healy, Thomas Brown; Archibald J. Fullertoa, Timothy Sul-have been jiistasconstitutional to enforce the laws passed at the last session was" not only inhuman, hut out.Of the house built by our forefathers. It wantedagaim-t the whole as a part of them? 'In 1832 there *°rsta^'<Jn'"TU!>h aiK' P'eeipitate action of some portion cruel. It required recaptured Africans to.be carriedwas another rebellion against the laws of the United immediately br»ck to Africa, and their mortality on these advantages,'Juliet has scenes that task the best livan.States. Mr. Johnson paid a hL'h eulogiuru to the char--1 o» the South which runs to such red-hot madness, and shipboaid was about fifty per centum. He was willing abilities of the tragic actress; and though it unques- FIFTH WARD.—General Committee—John T. Henry, Johnaet< r of Jackson, who was then President. He said also mad*Abolitionism at the North. He still trusted to vote money we actually owe, and were pledged tothat Jackson held the same views in regard to the en- in God that the Union .would he preserved, and'intended to hold to it as a palladium of civil liberty, pay. The only course our Government can pursue isY. Pavage, William B. Howenstein, Harry Hopkinson, Robert tionably is a grand triumph for an untried person to C. Mclntire. Yonng Men'B Committee—:V"incen* N. Clark,forCement of the laws that Washington did, and put :;s the shipwrecked mariner clings to a plank to save TO, apprentice such African's-as Great Britain does.rebellion down. The Government then went on. himself. Where is the. grievance that, operates upon The character of the negroes would thus he elevated, at once the brightest laurels of the stage, her short- Kinney, Patrick Wade, William Walsh, Thomas Ryan, JohnNow how is it? The duties now' are therame—the consequences belong to God. He South Carolina? Is it because thev want to U-ke.slaves into the territory.- Both of her Senators said intended to discharge his duty, whatever the conse- at the last session there was no need of it now.quences may be. Have we not the power to enforcethe laws in the State td' South Carolina as well as in 3tr. DAVIS said they voted on the resolution to the State of Vermont or any other Staie ? And, not- protect it.and an opportunity given to Christians and philan- comings are much more apparent than if she had Donnelly. Young Men's Committee—Dennis Bnrn», George Pearson. Lawrence Laugan, Dennis Coppers, Thoniaa Walsh,drives out the Federal Courts from the State/then the Federal Government has a right to rcestablitdi the' Couits. U she excludes the mails, the Federal Gov- e n ment has a right and the authority to carry the mails. If she resists the collection of revenue in "the port ofthat word, he supposed they intended to nail to thewhen it is unnecessary, and who shrink from it when it for the support of Africans abroad, but would for their personation of that. hasty heroine we have ever seen, NINTH WARD.—General Committee—Jos. D. Baldwin, Johnthropists to civilizetherfi. - ' been content with honors not so brilliant, but whichMr. CRAWFORD (Dem., Ga.) said that there waB could have been won with efforts far less trying. not a word in the act of 1819 which coiild be torturedFrancis Dayton. :SKTHSTH WARD.—General Committee—William M. Tweed,Oswnld Ottendorffer, Patrick Keenan, Isaiah Rynders, Thos. W.support iind return to their own .country.the Government his a right to take au means to retain fa« »s, he could not help it. with her. He was satisfied that Southern men would faction by repeated calls before the curtain, and.'by William C Cover, Howard<E. Coates^ Churlea Leaycraft.i:i necessary.Mr. WIGFALL said he corrected the statetneut theMr. COBB (Dem., Ala.) inquired whether an arnehc"- ment would be in order, providing that wherever aDodge, W. R. Morris, M. A. Gilchrist.TENTH WARD.—General Committee—Elijah F. Purdy, MosesCharleston, or any other ports then the Government has other day.a right to enter alio enforce the law. If she undertake* Mr. JOHNSON said he corrected it wrong, then. slaver is captured, the negroes be taken off, the ship she attempted a less pretentious • part. Her friends D. Gale. Joseph M. Marsh, Samuel T. Webster, John Van Tine. to take possession of the proper* v of the Government, Mr. WIG FALL said if the Senate chose"to pervert scuttled, and the officers and crew allowed to go down were satisfied with her efforts, and testified their satis- Young Men's Committee—Thomas Sknse, Edward J. Knight,I:a very considerable delay will be convenient, ,, '»", ! :Beyond the mere act of retirement, it does notlook, therefore, from this point of view, that history i» to be made very fast by the retiring States. War is a very serious thing; and. moneyand credit are very necessary things with- which % to begin it. The Federal Government would be ' able to enter upon a war suddenly.. But thisthev will not do, for they have no occasion.That Government, after it passes into Republican, hands, will not be induhziug vain speculations, j ^ like the pious Mr. Buchanan, about its rights to / "coerce a State." It will propose to itself noMr. JOHNSON objected to further interruption. never be.engaged in "the slave-trade. He desired also that property. And if tliey make any eif >rt to dispos- to know whether he wonld be permitted to introducesess the Government, or to resist the* execution of the "Y\ hat is the reason for disunion ? Because our .hemJudicial-system, then South Carolina puts herself in wae'notelected. If Mr. Breckinridge had been elected, an amendment, to,prevent' our Northern friends fromprofuse applause..ELKAENTH WARD. — General Committee—Aaron B. Rol- lins. John 11. Hooghkirk, Francis I. A. Boole, Charles E. Loew, Andereon McDcvitt, Edward C. Maloy. Francis Clark. Youngnot one' would have wanted to break up the Union;building ships and sending them out in their hellish traffic. ;• „The lady's .name, as already announced in these Men's. Committee—James Townley," Maurice O'Mara, John columns, isMissAnnyJDinsmore, and she is the adopted Fallen, Morris. Roberts, James McGrath, Philip McLaughlin,Ellas P . Wh-ner.daughter of Mr. Elliott, the oculist. Not so immature TWELFTH WAKP.—General Committee—John Vance, Thomasthe wrong, and it is the cuty of the Government to seethe Judiciary faithfully executed. Yes, Sir, faithfully but Mr. Lincoln is elected, and now they say they willexecuted. In Decernoer, 1805, South'Carolina made break Up the Union. /He said, No. What was there Mr. BOCOCK (Dem., Va.), who occupied the chair,a deed of cession of the land on which these forts stand tofeSLi-^ air. Lincoln was a minority President. Let replied it would be in order to move for a sinking fund —a full and tree cession—with certain conditions. The South Carolina send her Senators back, and Mr. Lin- to buy off the cupidity of Northern slave traders, butin years that the future Will bring her many added B. Tappan, Charles Boice, Edward Jones, H. TV". Genet. Young - they do not design shall, be very danger- Men's Committee—Win. H. Tone, Charles Hahn, Joseph E.charms of person, she is in the full vigor of physical Ebling. John U. Gent, John Quinn. ous to themselves. I think their plan graces and of mentsd strength. She is 25 years old, THIRTEENTH WARD.—General Committee—Ed. C. McCon-ne.'l, Vi'm. P. McCormick, Francis B. O'Keefe, Philip Merkle, ' is first, to retire; second, to threaten',coin cannot even make a Cabinet without the consent not to sink crews. [Laughter.]possession Of these forts till this day. And now has of the Senate. Was he to be such a coward as to re- Mr. REAGAN [Dem., Texas] was opposed to tax- South Carolina any right to attempt to drive the Gov- trofit when it was evident the South had the power in ing the people to pay for ehilizing and /Christianizing ernment from that property ? If she .recedesand makes their own hands ? Was he to be so cowardly a3 to de-- negroes. They were brought to Florida through Yan-instke a great.success in Juliet, yet if she fails to grasp Michael A. Clarke, William Long, James Burke, A. A. Jones. SIXTH WARD.—General Committee—Timothy Brennan, OwenAdams, Alfred Palmer. Young Men's Committee—Henry Clohe, into a construction. for the support and maintenance The arrow aimed at the sun will not be likely to Richard Kimmons. James M. Bailey, Jacob F. Valentine, JohnMr. JOHNSON asked if they voted to protect it of recaptured Africans for a year thereafter. If thev strike that useful luminary, but it will certainly fly Ford, Michael Gayte.withstanding they may resolve and deelare themselves aon- '/ were landed on our shores there might be some pro- EIGHTH WARD.—General Committee—Gershon Cohen, Johnabsolved from all all-ginnce to this Union, yet, it does priety in sending them back. He did not believe there higher than if an object on the Earth had been the D. Betts, Joseph Murphy, Dr. Francis Fleet, John WiJdey. no: save them from the compact. If South Carolina ^~MT.DAVIS said if the Senator proposes to play on were a hundred men in Georgia in favor of reopening target, and the lady who last night appeared as Juliet, James Nelson. Young Men's Committee^—Feter Y. Everett,Peter Crawford, jr., Geo. Loutfell, 'Fred.-P. Book, Wm. Dela- crors the miserable miscreants who vote for protection the African slave-trade. He would never vote a dollar though not giving the most thoroughly satisfactory marta, Fred. J. Bantz.Richardson, James O'Neil, Jacob Wind-nuller. John McNichol,has nevertheless more nearly approached a great suc- James Graham, Wm. D. Kennedy. Young Men's Committee— John Mack. John Oakford,: John Eckerson, John Foley, W m .cess than she would have been likely soon to do hadsimilar circumstances, won i'o>' her fall incisures ofapplause, that a. strict criticism of the performance Oliver S. HeKberd, Farrel Biley. Andrew.1. Matthews. YoungSamuel F. But^erwortb, John T. Hoffman, Gilber: M. Plate, a good long breathing time before the opeuihp- referred to the remark of the -Senator, from Georgia law of humanity required such a construction, and tha might possibly fail to justify. Men's Committee—Robert C. flutcbincsr^neene Duniiu, Sam'l as well as between the acts of the t h r e a t e n e d " \ ^ \than to quarrel among ourselves. Mr. Johnson hereMr. COCHRANE, resuming; maintained that theby the secession'>f a State, all the, remaining States are involved in the disastrous consequences, then the doctrine comes up, can a State, without regard to the Co. .titution, fc<'ed<r? and so endanger the safety and prosperity of the remoininir S:at.-s? It comes up, then, whether the States are iu condition, or wnet.h»-r they will tolerate the secession Of South Carolina. Tht't is a matter to be determined by circumstances and by the emergem v wi en it comes. And. again, supmwe fcovlh Carolina "M outside the Confederacy, and she forms analletiance wit t. a foreign power—with France, England, or Ku*>iu—\vith a \iew to ulterior motived, let mv ask this country if they dare neglect their duty —dire the.) let them do it, under, tttid in compliance wif*s the great law of eeli-preservation ? If she was out of the Union to-day, and was forming or about toform an alliance w^tii any foreign power that, would boini..,i«.al to our interests, we w'oedd have a right to con-qu'-«- hrr—ve«, to conener and held ber SJ* a province.How long "has it been since your armies were in Mex-ico, and many of them perished and consigned to thegn*ye, witn 'no other winding-sheet than their gar-mc: ts, saturated with bJood 7 How many va>tories did we win—how many trophies did we the South. The Senator from Tennessee looked to the' and consult their Constituents in this crisis."bxii.K back? the country knows! What did it question as •a matter of dollars and cents,- not The resolution was rejected, 82 against. 94. Ad-cost ! It cost one hundred and twenty mil- principle. There was' no danger of the.mouth journed. • ' .' "- tilth act was etpecially good, and the dying scene waslioi4s of dollars. Pease was made, and an if the Mississippi ever being closed up: it was grand. We havenever heard Mr. Booth's equal in A BOLD THEFT.—On Tuesday evening, while an that it would not be till a good while -after nextae« .isiion of- territory made, from which Califor- :gainst the law of nations. If a dissolution Separate Scieessioaa Voted I>OTS'M In dolineaungthe throes ofphysicalanguish, and all his. expresKmau'waa delivering a package a» No)^J3;«Second street, Spring's trade is over.nia* *-re<tcd ler.-elf into a 1rt*> and independent t.f the Union should come, it will be for the reasonState, and was adn.itteu into the Union. Now, after that the Southern States have been denied their rjghfsjba«ing expended one bundled and twenty millions of in the Union. Where is the man hardy enough to un--dollars, With the lots of many of our bravest and host dertake to collect revenue in South Carolina'when shezue-;, and having ;-i.id fifteen millions of dollars lor her has left the Union '! Such aniau would !>cthe veriestJersey Ci'y. hie horse and wagon, with two barrels of flour, werel i t e C s e o r g i a ffjcprlslattnre. death-scenes are consequently terribly effective. His driven awav- The horse subsequently returned to :he stable of Even if South Carolina should flo*ir.ice outMr. Reagan's amendment was rejected, and the origHi.-fll one, appropriating $1»00,000, adopted.J. FEKIMOKE COOI'KR.—Mr. McKown gives his Lecture on Cooper and Irua^inative Literature in New-»thing of the people of Tennessee, and he knew that theywould not march with the Senator (Johnson) in hisl-h.ody march. He claimed that Washington was a Mr. BURNETT moved to reduce the amount toseccder when ! e Went to Philadelphiaand left the Con- $450,000. Rejected, 67 against 100, and the billfederation. -A Whisky insurrection was not. to-be com- passed. _ / mit our. unwilling opinion, that Miss Dinsmore will pared to the action o/ a sovereign Suite. The issue, in Mr. SHERMAN reported, from the Committee ofthe late election was the resolutions of the Senator Ways and Means, a bill making appropriations for cer-from Mississippi (Davis). He, (Lam-) thought that tain civil expenses.the Southern States had good reason to complain and Mr. FLORENCE introduced a resolution that, thet;ike action, and they would do so whether it was liked Senate'concurring,' when the House adjourn, it be toor not, and he would never draw his sword to coerce the 7th of Jannarv. ' - . •The Committee then rose. . •It hs with a full remembrance of all the allowancedue a lady, and all the considerate overlooking of ariig- ark on Friday evening.thern for it. Mr. Lane here read from Mr. Lincoln's Mr. HUGHES" thought it was better to adjourn brightly as the brightest.Between 1 and 2 o'<:lt>ck yesterday morning a l^re it. Now as that is a very serious m:d«j rtaking,;., occurred in a temporary bn'ldins ooenpied- by John Rogers UH aspeeches to show his (Lincoln's) hatred oi* Slavery and over so as.to give gentlemen an opportunity to go homeMr. Edwin Booth was the Romeo of the evening,keroHene oil factory, in South Eighth street, near Warren. The requiring a la.rge outlay at the start, I suppose IOSH on the building and stock-wai< about $3,000; no insurance.remarkably graceful carriage and manner stand him in There has been a meeting of the. members of the good stead in Romeo, and his appearance and bearing are eminently characteristic of the noble romantic-his owner."William (•'. barne.-i. but thV' flour was missiilcr.Wn.Li:»GKvrLLKJ Wednesday, Dec. 15, 18G0.morrow, as Mr. Hammond says she will. and^T***^SEJUOUS ACCIDEKT.—Ou'i uesdayafternoon, a young Louisiana next month, as Mr. Slide!! vaticinates, man named William Rivera, employed i;i the haachine-shop of I Ktill think the .Charleston and ?* few-Orleansof>_ero'wnvolition.Texaswasenquiredinawarof countryinblood.Hewouldsayto.such,"Sir,you ventionofsuch.SouthernStatesdesirousofcooperat- lover.Theentirepersonationwasveryfineandsatis- theNew-JerneyRailroadCompany,hadallthefi')s."i-'<ofMnmoter parts of the house. ' Though bhe has many un- Georpe W, McLean, Stt-r-hen Cornell. Samuel L. M. Barloyv-, questioned graces of mind and person that would James Mohoney, Daniel W. Clarke. Young Men's Committee— W.'S. Yard,'Peter O'Conor. Win. Tracy. "Jeremiah Hallanau,adorn the profession in which she aspires to shine, we John I). Newman, Thorna? H. Smith. / TWKNTV-SKCOND W ARD.—General Committee—Peter Ma«ter- doubt, if she has a call to the stage sufficiently impera- rou, Michael Connolly. Alexander Ward, 'John Wilson, C. J. tive to justify the sacrifice of other and more domestic Moneli, Wm. Joyce. Young Men's Committee—Philip F. Han- navnn, Samuel Jonep. ^Vm. Masteraon, Douglas Hjggius, Alex.joys. If, as is intimated, she'was stimulated to her PI. Reavy, Patrick-Quin. action by a pure love of art: she can the better hear the ,unwelcome truth that her tine appreciation of dramatic character outruns her individual abilities of dramatic personation.- . . .NEW-JERSEYITEMS.ym *Jm••jftt.•tic shortcomings a novice .always claims, that we sub-able duties. It will collect jits ordinary revenues m FIRES.—Last night, between 10 and 11o'clock, a fire in all the States, or it will shut up. the placeswnot speedily attain the power of forcibly representing the leading heroines of the drama. The stage will not lose so.much as society will gain should she decline to remain in ii firmament.in which she may not shine asbroke out. in the kindling-wood establishment .owned by Mr. .Dounhay, on Canul street. Th»» building, two storied frame, was entirely destroyed, together >yith the e.oDteutx. Loss about 5^2,500. The building adjoiiyed the bteel factory-, which, through the effort.' of the I'"ire Department, was saved, with a Ion* ofwhich decline to pay. If anybody wants, to make war, it will uot lie Uncle Sam. 11 must be,the seceding States. They muut commencespeaks. .Of the rest of the company there is little to remark,BOARD OFEDUCATION.were in dm: form, were continued.^r.faifMifagmt, rewidt'uup.'Mo. M Soholes strvot, WlUUtu^bqrgU.'•-•-'•-••,:•••••---•_iSee BigUtl* r«.^e.'... •, NCHDBJt F7-.OM «ACU «TATK. Sh'p tmoney to the credit-ofthat appropriation.The XJIItb Ward asked for $957for heating appara-tus for No: 24, in Broome 'street; Referred, to Com- mittee on Repairs with power.,mittee of Tammany Hall, an election was held in thepose of electing delegates to the General Committee apologke forr or to repeat of. They; have laidIn the first act of the play, Juliet, having but a- for the erjsuing year, also Ward Committees and dele- down their principles of poUtical>,aption, andabout ipWiO.and lie gave a most beautiful reading of the part. The The adjoining building, occupied by Van Sickle & Dennett, roof they will not commence till they get rej idy; and cement manufacturers, was aNo somewhat damaged. it would not surprise me if it should: turn out |»*W.tii.•'that the person-who says for tutor,." chewtor;" for due, Vermont 2u»"jew;" for Duke,"juke;" commits a lingual vulgar- IWwfachiittetts •lfr 250! Total ;sm that'would he mercilessly laughed at in private Skin^, lO^llc. *>.lo.life, and that ought to be as mercilessly ridiculed ou, best, larjre, fat, stall-fed Oxeu. silence. TJiey insist he should say something o r |I860. Se7»atorr,'vv*a^r ^ are us, a very able and well-consideredrepttfeition,tfneeclr to»-^ay*enhancing hit own highand ceTnau'anding.the unqualifiedr e -such job. It will just attend to its ^question-ime to quit.MOKE SCAF.ED THAN HUT JT, OR WHA T"THE SECEDEKS W1EL AKl) WONT DO. . ,'•.' From.OurSpecialCorrespondent.j . «. i». V 