 *r>which ft I " wat gwa>. / y,and rii- •'r^t wdaJt*R-wscblietii?luidwio*/ frna LtU^tk ra R >ch-ohn A. AJK - - Be then .he entered dicated his »ph of th»a &e past,rpeVrare, as» Oovem—J?KVO wbid!> ,m,rto, K w o f • 1rflz: C$OP&Our readers will find in tbi letter of oar London cor-«t<x>d «t ttt degree*. Cora throo^heut the Terrftorvcsnnotbs »rer a. Imtf crop; eats the aaae: bookwbeat, potato*., bew, cabbH^ *<x, fttatort an entlze ftdlu»-fa» fact, the oott ofTeed wUl»c«ro«>ljb«Twillx«d. People wrc now learing the WorternOUR SHIP-YARDS ANDMACHINE-SHOPS.SEPTEMBER 6, I860.also new boilers for the eteamship Blinois, running "OToole for theft, andbe was arrested. O'Tovte had hfm home, where he died. Other con*bor»ttfr» ffw-*of wise. , P*rpe*nat*> ran*of tha—j<ij'••-—,IMPORTANT.SALEOFPURE ALDERKEYCows.—Mr.thefurtheractionoftheCommonCouncil,-thattheat-B*h in th* *f*d, upon r»d. I can* t* hnkaUfrpveep- ft<B re>rd'mgto- PB3«£F,i<xv ts will xiai| {•***• iownv •ove.' And «W aD, b y the f*eeo£id. adop&etl *r»blean4 teB yotl,OJ *be R e - fa.-: . Of t0« 3 organiza* iireneiee of» ought to 11 believe onr people i«veinthe spponaib'Ui- eneetobe- have poo- >c<> i c s e n * v. at toast, >eopie."rwtamingf- *8tweek, is> f.moralf August,-AwatregY towed off- * follow-a v / w had Toaxhere,i • -c.Jthey ,;<;xeet4n>J o'clock,. aneral, soiluLi^eretf *•• he Ceme>1 ir^ultto ••\,rather a surprise. But, in addition toy the excess of moisture, the present, w e may say the past Summer,long a period that a demand is created to supply the IXGRAHAX.* ~ recently imported in one of his ships a lot of fine stock, which the Aldermen nonconcured, and that oalaet place of those gone out of service. Perhaps nothing Charles Earle, WfJHam Earle, and John Brfggs, vs. Julias Tode.would seem more surely to indicate a condition of The plaintiffs applied for an order of arrest and writ has advertised a sale of some pure Alderney cows on Monday evening the Councilmen adhered to their far- of attachment in this action against the defendant. The follow- Friday, on the Camden and Amboy dock, Pier No. 1, mer. action of ordering the work stopped. It is im- business prosperity than the fact of a scarcity of work- ing are the facts on which they made the motion: The plaintiffs North River. Mr. Richardson's vessel brought out 15 portant that this undertaking should be completed bo-men, and that in several of the yards there has been were merchants in Kingaton-upon-Hull, in England, and ap- horses, 14 cows, and some sheep, together with 2 supe- fore cold weather sets in. j Iryformea e'a Hall, meoutofthegut- amee w© n. tilling i. Whom st wnexelaysaySS srein at- wigwam 7Alesers.. hers. A thousand •rht. The *?^erdaT, M. Clay b-.-aran<z mneeota. Qprocee- SovernoxeodeH of i wah .tha j -plendiithat tbS •id BockBarch ia making'Erasure, HcmenoQred wrtjl Lever- fe. The •aper, latakes tobuastallenteredwas al iochi- 7•*> held inewday e> Wide- ;**y at- B,*tu»der v<"e u*e.•three weeks ago. Chicago the great grain depot of has rotted at the root-before the grain was mature, is that of Roosevelt, Joyce !& Co. Four ferry boats, 9 and 10 o'clock, on the corner of South street and Burring slip,where he was attempttngto pass some of this counterfeit money, legal responsibility of the forgery. The affidavit, withto theL__^"Company,tobedonenextMarch,andtheotherforthe' on Ward's Island, 729; aggregate receipts, $194,-t wakes, ere fcft- Titylor, •o prea- L'/rakes, 11. and,' jjrecent request that farm >rs should send us facts,. . place of mere theories, regarding the yield of their upon the markets of Asia and Australia having been the latter is being planked. The Novelty Works are respective counties or farms, is complied with by a glutted. While the exports are thus falling off, the putting in the two engines for iihe Norwich line; they746 84; disburaenients, $187,208 61; balance, $7,538 23.POLICE COMMISSIONERS.--The Board of Police •Baker, b. Creghtonatpoeiag . tjfe they axge.aa- Tnberg, ?<tnri»?reI The? 1, Preai- Kiimug ". &^vey, >r. A I - jte of a hxn, toClobs li-ageon ojwaied••*.:«•> a s * of tha S WeitV--four ter be-,v- TayjA hiia- rd«r o f imagessoitsv wiit for likely >og aa ent* ofi^xoregohoi^Q wjth a iikersv >re ro- of theiference to be observed betweex this and soma other fields hi this vicinity. Wheat, when it is not lodged, will yield 30 bushels on an average, and crops of 36 and W bushels are not uncommon this season. Of Corn, ha thinks that perhaps the least said the better. Never- theless, while whole field* proniae 75, many acres will yield their /K>0 bushels. Mr. R. T. Benjamin, who has resided in Dupaige County ?ver thirty years, "has a field that'will average tw o plu np ears to a stalk, and oneoitheendofeachsucker.','Onej of oar friends in Jones County, Iowa, says that >£44,968,863; 1860, £57,097,638.This excess of imports over exports must necessarilyimmediately begin an iron, liver steamboat, 275 feet^long, breadth 36 feet, and 10 feet hold,for Jas. L. Day,Wm. A. Coleman, Patrolman of the Seventeenth Pre-Buckley, L. B.W ., b. Dr. "Andrews....... 0 b'. Dr. Andrews 6a servant girl and an infant. On breakingop|9n the door, the bed was found to be on fire, and the occupants sleepiqg unconscious of their danjger. Both were res- cued, and the flames speedily ex^uiguishedi The fire is supposed to have been caused by tbe carelessness -of the girl, in leaving a lighted candle near the bedside. One of the inmates jumped from a rear window in her fright, and was ipjured. Damage to huttdingjaboutj(50.^meet the dangers of a bad.season, a monetary pressure Come in. The Vandalia, a aloop-of-war, and the brig and a stinted exchequer at the very moment when his Perry can be got ready for eea, jif ordered, in a week;political "prestige" is evidently at a considerable The Novelty Iron Works are building an iron pro- discount. If any proof for the latter assertion were peller of between 600 and 700|tuns, 169 feet long, 29wanted, is there not his letter to " Mon cher Per- feet beam, and 13 feet hold, to run between New-Yorkyi '•,P. Smith,c-Creighton,b. Dr. .i^^9m^Mt^^s§W&^&^^-1^,0bodyofj.W.Greenaloh,anengineerontheHtuf road,whodiedfromtheeffectsof iujuri**recehmorning by falling from a train of can abovewhile the train was in motion. Toe oocorrenoe ,_ -^,Jwith andbelatedby theincessantwind, rain,and beingthelackofthroughtretnailingandthrough-bolt- menthasbeenpuid..It.appe&rsthatthejudgmenthasbeenpaid mentalappearanceonagentleman's barn,makethem thatamountandcosts,buttheControllercompromise* to some assignee of the claim without notice to the plaintiff's at- the matter for a less sum with the person to whom Mr.cold. The grass having been laid, and constantly satur- ing, though there may be exceptions. This conclusion torney, and without any provision for the costs to the attorney, a desirable acquisition to the owners of country places. -ated with water, it is feared that much of its nutritive is apparently borne out by Jfiie fact that a distinctionis whica costs were recovered and entered in the judgment rolL If W e presume that full particulars as to the cattle may Jollie had assigned'his chum. The Controller offeree!! are of the gloomiest deebription. The oat crop "Jy looked upon as ail but lost. Except in a inconsiderabledistricts,ithasnotyetripened,but remaine perfectly green and beaten to the ground by the violence of the weather. Wheat promises to share in the calamity which generally threatens the grain c r o p s . l i t t l e o f i t h a s b e e n v e t c u t ; a n d t h i s c r o p , t h ecxmeitioai of which inspired the most s mguine ex pec tatiene only a few weeks sinee, is now causing farmers thedeepestconcern. Mr.Bagwell,M.P.,annuallyThis is a motion to set aside a judgment, and sup-ern-built vessels—the special deficiency of the latter plementary proceedings under it, on the ground that the judg- the beauty and docility of the cows, and their orna-will be looked for with theCITY ITEMS:; _ •and dated August 25, gives aof the crop* in that vicinityour correspondent, " i s n«arharvest has not been takenfeared * that *the long-contin wet and- heat has damaged the wheat to some nt. It is believed the average yield of wheat per acre, is from 15 to 20 buahem on all sowed, while j some will^reach 45 andA more extended v i e w of the prospects ofjs presented in this letter from another source:V ermontWebb &. Bell, at Greenpoini,, are building a steam-CRICKE*—Long Island vs. Neroark.—The first con- tookplaceatEast New-York yesterday, theoccasion"I care been throoghnearlythe-whole State,andfindthe crops of wheat and oala unusually good. Corn is not very prom- Mag tfaoogfa some piece* are ti&eJ and in some localities the Tiel/will be good. .Potato** willjprov* a lijjht oroo, bat no •tens of dec.y axe yet visible. Grass/has suffered severely by theernRussia,bythehopeofafavorableturnintheweath- er, and by the extreme caution the late collapse in the leather trade had imposed upon all monetary transac- tions. The conclusion to which I am led by a compari-13deep; abrigof270 tuns for the Brazos River; a ferry boat of 250 tuns to go .to Brazil, to ply on the Rio Janeiro Bay, will be launched; iris expecied, on Satur- day ; a Sandy Hook pilot boat of 90 tuns, for the New-be Princesses,if theycanonlyget a glimpse of thePrince, drummed it on their pianos; the bands triedtheir lungs and fiddle-fingers on it, and the steam-organon the steamer Armenia, as .abJ passed Yonkers at 8 Spring. On this occasion considerable interest wasbehasneverseenacropaslarg>asthepresent,norof better;qnaHty. Instances bave isome under his notice of' crops of 40 bushel* of wheat to the acre, and his county will average, he thinki, almost, or quite 30 bashels- There was'an annua d breadth sown, and fortunately the prices are likely » be as satisfactory as could be desired. Thereabouts, only Spring Wheat is eown, aa the other kind is liable to be Winter-killed. The Iowa farmers, mthemidstor fine ripening weither, are antkipa^ing a vary heavy cr >p of corn.apprehensions are entertained at i Paris, where the magistrateisjustbusiedwithbuyingupwholelotsof old houses, in order to have them pulled down, an IThere is no building going on at the Navy-Yard, Brooklyn. The Wabash, bnilt in Philadelphia in 1855, was taken into dock last week, in consequence of de- fects in her planking, and more especially in he* ma- chinery. She will be put in such condition as will enable her to be fitted for sea at short notice,' which; will require some two months. Commander A. H. Pcote thinks it unfortunate that she should have.been recalled from the Mediterranean at this particular junc-Patrolman to the Treasurer. TRheBoardthenadjourned.*Dr. Ward ReidrD.B.W\,b.Dr.Waad2 Thot. Dakin, rnn out........ 1 J. H'hiiing, b.•Dr. Wardi... 5 C. Walden,not ont. .....-••• 6A'Wbconsin man, who wiihea to indorse the crop eetimate of the Stale Agricultur il Society's Committee 1 on Farms, says heVhaa yet to hear of a yield of less than SJ6 bnabels perncre; that i lore acres will produce over 30 than less, and the yield "Till generally be from 30 to135 and 40 bushels. Tie best yiold ha has noticed was 44 bushels par icre. Oats go from 30 to50bushels -per acre. "'?hie," says he, "is no better jield than we hear of !rom all parte of the State. I think the Committee's estimate of 22,000,000 bushels ior the State a fair one, and, if anything, winattempts at interference with Garibaldi's progress,having all turned out dead failures, he mu,st needsprompted her• to interfere in' the Syrian matter. -A roof is being put over the Roanoke, which has just'Ifall below the actual amount produced.'Nebraska has snflered from drouth as wejl as Kansas,it seems. Says a correspondent fin Nemaha County:" The Bpainr opened dry, which materially Injured the wheatc r o p ^ ^ ^ T f l s t o r i ' o n the twthof June * * £ £ £ •txoyedanth*wheatcrop,inits'.nek,and f$£**2Z£**tunTHE AMERICAN AGIUCUI/TCRIST—A Journal de- voted to the interesta of cultivators and' their house-. holds—has been so successful under the management of its enterprising owner, Orange Judd,that it haa de- serted its ancient habitation among the agricultural warehouses in Water street, and taken spacious quart- ersnearTHZTRIBCNJE,rightinthecenterofthegreatOTHER ALLEGED ROBBER*.—A man namediAndrew O Toole, accompanied by another man, entered the house of Ellen Teahtman, ,No 511 Canal street, yes- terday afternoon, and on pretense of levying on goodsthe deceased on board.the vessel, and supposing him tobe a thief, directed his son to send him ashore. ' Themate ordered the man ashore, but he refused to go,STRANi3ERS IN THE ClTY should not jfiul to vTSlt the PHKXMOI.O«ICAI. CABI:TXT and MUBKUHw KLLIJ, No. SOS Broadway. Here may he seen («vbasts and casts from the heads of many of the mostJL- -_-.-„, and notorious men ofthe age—SUtesmen. Orator* Philosopher*. Murdort-w, Thieves, 4tc, Jtc. Complete Phronologioal DaUnoa-which jmm»d thronsb th* south-westeVn part of this <£ Jxms,,«Ibaw,no/SdrainenocsfaU>ratthe 9TM***"*TMu.TI ra-&«•from Ne%-York toHavre,, New baiters for the steam- onaeflver oadge, and claimed to have been delegated dence was taken, after which the jary rendered a r e ^ re*poti4ent, which we*prist below, fall confirma- •otttomeuuoftheTerritory,andgoingEattlnseuohofauto- machine-shops has hem ina.depressedconditionfor boatBridgeport, runningfrom New-YorktoBridge- by|Cot"Dnryeatocollectmilitaryfines,battheMayi«- dietof"l^rthfrom peritonitis,theresultofarupt«*it wero poasiWe to mike worse what seemed as bad as ritory this Fall, I think, weald do well to WlateroUewhere." . with the ship-yards in this city, where not more than running from Havana to New-Orieans, in complete tenuate his conduct by such a flimsy excuse, and held , scuffle with_ the mate of the ship Ocean Peari. WIt ia well known tha; business in the ship-yards andtiotitof war gioOmieg< nTophoci a forth* Kng^iabcrope, If ruuice for the Winter. Those who intend emigrstins to this Ter- four or five years. ESJ>ecially has this been the case port. ; Tbia company is putting the Daniel Webster, trate reprimanded hfm severely for attempting to ex'- ° l J r ' krtwtm*, caused by a fall whfleik #'jit cbcud be, another week of wld and storms in' the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland has done it; and a sad Winter feason opens up before the fernery *Tie-Freeman's Jo trnal saysthat within the loetsory of man a season lite the present was never experienced- For the past ti iree months, not one sin- gle day passed mvr without soma rain, and generallymuch at a tone. That isinential journal thus re-jnaika:weather has done immeose damage, to the potato The accounts from tb< country are most dissour- ' aa large districts of low lying ground under are all but covered ''"rith water, and the cornrope, though <joite green, ar j generally reported to be lodging' fitat. \6reat horei were entertained during of Monday thai' the weather had settled, 4 to E.N, E., and a "fine hot sun firsttimethisseason. Tuesdaywas »nd no rjain fell in the earlier part out anytbhjgto equal the rani and storm of that evening and nignt should be experienced to be fairy understood. About 3 o'clock, the' windSo, our weekly picture of the harvest prospects con- tains ita lights and ahadowB, as uauaLTHE CEOPS IN EUROPE, of The N. T. Trlbaaa,LONDON, August 21,1860. The more the season advances the gloomier become the harvest prospects and the fainter grow the hopes BtDlfounded on a possible return of fine weather. Thetwo or three vessels for the merchant service have been built within that period. The General Admiral, a frigate for the Russian Navy, and the Brooklyn, sloop-of-war for the I'nited"States Navy, are all the vessels of any moment that have been built, and they were launched, in the la ter part of 1858. It is gratify- ing to be enabled tc state, however, that theseorder to resume her trips* 'The Novelty Iron Works claim to employ 700 men.him to answer the charge of stealing.• ' — — • > - '.""~"'further exonerate the mate from an blame, it havhaf; ovcurred while in discharge of his duty." The de- ceased leaves a family,reridn3gat|No.9Wa«hlngUks»branches of industry have, in common with moatcharacter of the past Summer was altogether excep- other kinds of business, received a marked impetus of has been for several years.tional, not only throughout the United Kingdom, butover the whole of Northern Europe, Northern France,*—cot be denied that the kttJg-cor.tinued wetness of Belgium, and the Rhenish Provinces inoluded. In re- time to come will be realized. Freights; have been er laborers in the yards, from 87£ cents to $1-I2J. the work-of naturalizing citizens to take part in Jhe if the'Board proceed with it by day's work. TkS|r".. /•|j««Atthejpresenttime,thetaoetseriousapprehensions Sureenurtaxned for the safety of the harvest, and itlate,and thatthereappearstobeageneralconfidence tha^the prospects of an increased activity for someThewagesof ship-carpenters are from$2to$2 50 per day,\ of ship-smiths, from $1 12§ to $1 50; of oth-preme Court and Common Pleas have already begun work of laying the large main between the reservoir^ -went MSOOME to S- S. E-, and rain descended in torrents has been remarkable for the absence of sunshine andwithout ceasing for amonienfi up to 4o'clock on Thurs- ' morning. The mischief Jdone by that night'a- raintotbeestimated,and,un"*fortunately, from all w elearn,itwasgeneral. O Thuraday,heavyshow- '1 in the forenoon, and a few ghmpeeeof sun-appeared in the eve: ig, as it were, to heraldthe "very low temperature which have prevailed even when there has been no rain."The average fall of rain for the year being about 20inches, and the fall of rain during the months of Hayand June having reached the figure of 11.17, it ap-pears that these two months have given over half ayear's supply of water. During thelast week, at thecommencement of which a favorable change seemedimpending, the weather proved more unsettled andboisterous than ever, real deluges of rain being, on the16ih and 18th inst., accompanied by thunder-stormsand the tempests o f the south-west w i n d Conse-quently the wheat piices' at Mark Lane advancedyesterday about two shillings.the quarter over the York are considered first class. It is claimed that theyanother wet night. H^pee were entertained »rday morning wouldincreased business in the Eastern yards. The deduc- to $75,000, fled ,to this city. Both- applications were granted tion of a returning prosperity to these great interests, and the defendant was arrested, and the sum of $58,000, inof Wales, when he arrives in New-York: TwrxroAV, Oct. lt-ArriTal in New-York.•that the new moon of ybring line weather withalbo destined to be diia ited, as the weatherhowever, is based on 'observation of the work inRussian money, was discovered by the officer concealed in aticket from this country. This offer being accepted the suit was discontinued.SUPERIOR COURT—SPECIAL TURK—SKPT. 5.—BeforeH JUBtice PlERRBPONT.PAYMENT OF JUDGMENT WITHOUT NOTICE TO AT- ' TORNEY. . '- James W . Barker ag[t. James S. Davis.but in this we were looked as lowering and yesterday as at anyinprogress at the various ship-yards on this and the other house in Crosby street. Upon the defendant giving up this money the plaintiffs consented to give him $500, and a passagetime within the past threeside of the river and at the principal iron works, and also upon conversation had with employers and em-SirsDAY, 14th—Attends Divine Service at Trfnlc* MOMDAT, 15th-Vi»its West Point. « • " * •SETTLING UP AN O L D SCORE.—-The famous gUaw ballot-boxes which were furnished to the. city three years ago by Mr. Jollie, were paid foryesterday. Mr. Jollie laid his claim at $60,000, and instituted a suit for that sum from the city. He obtained a judgment feeoiths. Nothing but warm weather can restore thje crops, and it is moetde- to be hoped for that we are not far from the ter- o€ this excessively wet season. Heavy rain, >paniad by violent squalls from S. W., continued -; last night, and at oaybreak there was no indica- a change for' the better." Reports from theployees.It is a.matter for jast pride that ships built in New-:the ship, at Philadelphia, these cows were at once re- moved to Mr. Richardson's farm near Burlington, N. J., to avoid contact with diseased cattle or infected stables, and hence there need be no apprehensions that they would infect any herd into which they might be introduced. The wonderful richness of Alderney milk,givesaprizeof£5tothetenantwhobringsthe,first itisstfHtobegathered,andmuohisirretrievablylost. sack of grain to the market, »ud it will enable yon toform eome< Idea of the unfavorable character of the weather when I tell you that up to the present no one has {applied for this gratuity.!' With regard to the." There can be little doubt," says The Gardeners' Chronicle of Saturday last, " that the wheat crop gen- erally is considerably injured. Of 140 reports receivedSeymour W. Benedict, First Mate, and David Fer- a check for $700. Yesterday, a committee of gentle- Harbor. She is to be a first-class passenger steamer «i griBott, Second Mate, of the ship Fidelia, who were arrested onresaitat Chicago? The Bidneei one-half, say seventyhe necessary for the conndeducting the stock of old whbeen estana ted as less than foto run once a week each way as long as the state ofer encouraging view " The harvest," saysfound the greatest difficulty in making the world be-finished, and such a ce 1816, though it is50. There will be a full supply in this town, and cereals; and the yield of all sorts of corn, especially perhaps; in the county. Corn is heavy, but late; potatoes wheat, will fall far below the average. Till now, thehave la great growth, but are| beginning to rust. ButTHE FAIR.—The American Institute this year has tunate mah into the Mayor's presance, • who at oncegiven up its annual exhibition 'almost exclusively to ordered the officer to take him to the nearest migis- farmers and amateur gardeners. We: are informed trate's. The poor fellow mounted,hisjaded mule, and,that the display of fruits and flowers promises to be with a policeman for an escort, was marched to thex a position on the roof a building, so that he 'had a . commanding view of the front and rear ofI Mr. Bord-man's store. He had been at his post but a short time,, when he saw a window raised, and two bales of woo] tumbled from the fifth story of Mr. Bordman's build-1ing into the rear yard. The secret was no w out, andthe mystery explained. Subsequent inqtiiries estah- lished the fact that John Aggerton, the porter in the store, had been in the habit of locking John McDonald, a laborer, in, at intervals, on closing up for the night, they having conepired to rob their employer. Mc? Donald,wheneverything was quiet atnight, would toss a Ijale of wooyl to the yard, when Andrew Ryan, ajunk-dealer, who kept a shop rin the corner of Mr. Bordmante store, would haul the stolen wool into-his place, and there secrete it. On his return to the store on Monday morning, Mr. Bordman missed two bales of wool, and, on searching Ryan's shop, tVo bales ofgard to this country the season has been justly de- scribed in these words:" After .the cold, backward Spring, June proved so extremely wet that in many districts turnips could not be sown, mangel-wurzel hoed, nor any of the usualadvancing\i6* several weeks, until they are. now higher than for several years; for, whereas the rate for grain to Liverpool has been three cents per bushel, it is now twelve cents, and rising-r-we have heard of thirteen cents being paidj and of course, as a necessary consequence, there is*a demand for vessels. Besides,Mechanics in machineshops get from $1 25 to $2 per day; on an average, $1-50; laborers, 87$ cents tocoming election. Several scores of applicants were waiting for their papers at the Superior Court .Clerk's Office yesterday morning, and the back parlor of Tam- many Hall will soon teem with the raw material forDemocratic voters..-..„•• >. v' •8tate that the work was first ordered by tha Coon****.Council to be done by the day—the Mayor holding th*.paper ten days without signing it; that, subsequent**,they asked him if he would sign warrants for the l*vbor, and with his anlrmative answer they proceeds^.,;''operations of the period performed. tendays.offineweather,theseasonbecamesounset-LAW INTELLIGENCE.s u b s t a n c e h a s b e e n w a s h e d a w a y , s o t h a t a g r e a t p a r tmade in favor of the former on the inspectors' books of a defendantentered afterjudgment entered,pays the judgmentt o a n a s s i g n e e t h e r e o f , w i t h o u t a n y n o t i c e t o t h e a t t o r n e y f o r t h e b e o b t a i n e d o f M r . R i c h a r d s o n , a t h i s o f f i c e i n B r o a d -29,400, which was accepted, and a warrant was drawm for that sum yesterday, i, —r«NEWSTEAMERFORTHESAGHARBORROUTE.—Mir.J,A.AppleyofBrooklynhascontractedwithRichardlBenjarxin of Greenpoint, to build a steamer 200 feetlong, 80 feet beam, to ply between this city and S*£of it will not do for fodder, but must be used'for the New-Y ork Marine Insurance Companies. Bat plaintiff in case, he does it at his peril. The attorney cannot be w a 7 « thus deprived of his coats entered"ia the judgment. ' Che motionlitter, and will thus prove a very serious loss, greatly better ahips are building than formerly, and through- musthe denied;with $10 costs.increasingtheconsumptionofSpringcorn. Muchoffasteningandtreenailingismoregenerallyadopted—a resultwhichtheAmericanLloydshasbeeninstrument- al in effecting. ^We shall 'not, therefore, be likely to hear of so many ships foundering at sea; for with ships which have arrived at the! age of eight or ten years,E.Seely,forplaintiff-G.S.VanPelt,fordefendantUNITED STATES DISTRICT ATTORNEY'S OFFICE— SH*T. 5.. -.; j ." •MURDER ON SHIPBOARD..AN INSANEFORGER.-^Anumberofweeksago,a mannamedFrankWard,formerlyofCalifornia,was locked up on a charge of forging the name of the pro- prietors of the Washington Hotel, No* 1 Broadway, topotato crop, the general opinion is that if the present' from as. many correspondents in England and Scot- when not through-fastened; should their frames be de- Tuesday, on a charge of murder in causing the death of a seaman men appeared before Justice Kelly, at the Tombs, to her size, and will be ready to take her place on riteweather continue for another ponth, it must inevitably cayed, there is a liability of starting the butts when on board the Fidelia; were transferred to the custody of the make aflfidavit concerning the mental condition of route by the 1st of March next. The steamer loUm beloat. land, no fewer than 91 declare the crop to be below United States authorities this morning, upon the proper affida-Let things go on at this raij and what must be the the average, and if .the chief wheat-growing districts heavily laden, or from exposure to tempestuous weath- vits being executed. An examination will take place on Thurs- Ward. They deposed that they had known the pris- has been recently placed on the route by Mr. Appley,grain crop being re- be selected, it will be found that the proportion of er, .but when of superior construction and through- iona bushels, it would unfavorable returns is quite as large. Thus, five out fastened, we seldom or never hear of such reeults.day at 12 m. oner both in California and New-Y ork, some of themCOURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS—WBUNHSDAY, Sept 5.— for as long as 12 years, and others for shorter terms, navigation will permit.to import that amount,now on hand. This has several years past," andof six report8 from Lincolnshire, three out of fivefrom . Norfolk and Suffolk, and all from the counties oof Oxford, Gloucestershire, Wilts, Hants, and Kent,We have gathered the following facts in a1 tour of in- spection and inquiry through the ship-yards and prin- cipal machine-shops, made within the last few days:The first yard on the East River above Grand street the Mystic Bank. He was arrested on the 29th of June, between tention of the affidavit was to relieve Ward oftheBRECKIKRIDGE AND LANE CEKTRAL CLUB.—Attiie)regular meeting of the Club, held at the headquarter^No. 765 Broadway, C. E. L. Stuart in the Chair,some resolutions were offered decidedly opposed te>union, but, according to the rule ofthe Club, they this country, and therefore w e the whole country is and in many districts it has been blighted'and mil- of about 500 tans each, -are building. T wo are f JTthe and was taken to the Second Ward Station-House, when the the original complaint, will be forwarded to the office were held over for further consideration^/in fact it was not more than thirteen millions bushels are unfavorable." A great .deal'•of the wheat cropCharles M. Simma, forgery in the second degree, in having$128 counterfeit -money in his possession in photograph bills of that event attempted to blow out his brains. The in-intereeted in an advance in prices, that city is peculiar-lyso. ThelargegrainproductofIllinoisthisyeardewed. While wheat is thus'attacked by the disease, Union Ferry Company, and two for the East River $128 were.foundinhispossession. Thebillswere produced in Court, and identified by Officer Bingham as those taken from thepiisoner.TheJurywereinstructedtoacqnitonthegroundofa variance between the indictment and the bills. The case .will be tried onanewindictmentof the District-Attorney, for his consideration. The ' * — •ANEWDODGE.—Mr.Wm.©.Bordmanisaweef Burling, formerly of San Francisco; AJbert Dewitt of idealer, and does business at No. 741 Pine street.andinmanydistrictstoalargeextent,thepotato disease, which commenced in 1815, continued withFerryCompany—thelattertoplybetweenJamesslip and Hunter's Point, in connection with the Long Isl-names of the committee are Joseph Lewis, William fromastoreinFultonstreet,was.sentencedtothree years'hard No. 94 Wall street; Henry Holdridge, No. 41 Pinefinding markets at the South and West as well as atChicago, itS?ill be thus absorbed in various direc- great virulence for the. four subsequent years; and and Railroad Company. Engines 34-inch cylinder and Otto Gebhard, convicted yesterday of stealing billiard ballsj During the hist five months he has missed bales• ei • street; Edward Andariese, No. 100 Wall street; Ber- wool at various times, amounting in, the aggregate t#tk>ne,janc we think it very unlikely that a glut alioold gradually abated since 1850, has reappeared in an 9-feet stroke, to be put in by the Allaire Works. They labor in the State Prison.be experienced at that point. This alone would have a aggravated form, not only in Ireland, but in many are about half completed, axd will'be launched in about Charles Duke pleaded guilty of an attempt at grand larceny,nearly $1,000. At night he would often receive eo« hundredbalesofwool,andthefollowingmorning•mm of them would be missed. At first it was believed that therehadbeenamistake in the number-of bales re- ceived, but the deficiencies occurring so often a t last convinced Mr. Bordman that there was dishonesty somewhere. To satisfy himself in the matter he env-ployed a man to watch the store at night, and notwith- standingthevigilanceofthewatchman,therobbecw continued as before. Being foiled in his purpose, he atendencytoTMftfrnt»iTiprices,aindwhen weaddtoitaforeigndemandforseventyorjeighty millions bushelsfromonekingdom itrequiresnospiritofprophecy toloretell an important rise in price of grain. West* ally looked upon as all but lost. Except in a few incon- era wheat ia now worth at me from 85 cents to $1 siderable districts, it has not yet ripened; but remains per bushel, according to lc ty, but unless \ihe next perfectly green, and beaten to the ground by the vio-Zimmerman,No.47 Exchange place;FrederickW.'.:'•' nJ !I IIh1 i:foreign steamer bring? more ingthecrops,thissamew." t o $1 20. The scarcity ofheering advices respect willbeworthfrom$1 •Is on the lakes willlence of the weather. Wheat promises to share-inthe calamitywhichgenerallythreatensthegraincrops. Little of it has been yet cuj, and this crop, the con- ditionofwhichinspired tbe most'sanguine expecta- tions only a few weeks since, ia now. causing farmerst h e d e e p e s t c o n c e r n . W i t h r e g a r d t o t h e p o t a t o c r o p , the general opinionis, that*if tEeipresent weather continuesforanothermonth,itmustbeinevitably lost."! According to The Wexford Independent^ " the•potato disease is progressing, and in some places fully one-third of the produce is found affected, irrespective alike of size and description, and in proportion to the time of planting." ..This much appears, therefore, certain: The general harvest will be much belated beyond its usuaF term, and the existing stores consequently be run short. The partial failure of hay, coupled with the potato disease, will press to an unwonted extent upon theship for Cuba was recently launched frpm this yard. AtW.H.Webb'syard,footofSixthstreet, twoif he offered resistance, with..tne assistance of another man, handcuffed the plaintiff's hands behind his back, and attached to themaropesomethreefeetinlergth,thatwasconnectedwith a staple in the wall of the room. Here he remained until he wasnaturally prevent a rapid tranbmisaion to eastern mar- kets of any desired quantity op short notice, and hencepacket ships, of 1,500 tuns each, for_ Marshall's Liver- released by Captain Silvey, of the First Ward Police. Mr. Lind'apoolBlack-BallLine,areinframe, and will becom-' daughtertestifiedthatsheheardherfathersaywhenthehand- capeandasword. ThecrowdShoutedafterhim most fewdaysagoappliedtoCapt.WallingforadvioeasUib u s i n e s s d o n e b y t h e Allnowdependson rds,whichwe shall print in the coming few wee and, of course, theyI j 5 0 0 t u n 8 , f o r t h e N e w - Y o r k a n d S a v a n a a h S t e a m NavigationCompany,of whichSamuelL.Mitchell&guilty. '•.•'.. ~ .':'T h e G r a n d J u r y b r o u g h t i n a b a t c h o f i n d i c t m e n t s . *. - ' , AnnTullypleadedguiltyofanattemptatgrandlarceny,andwas sent to the Penitentiary for one year. ' AfterasessionoffivehourstheCourtadjournedtillThuraday,t h e r e m a s t b e a l a r g e c a r r y f n Railroads tar into the Win theforeignmeteorologicalit wasievident thathe was crazy.was Christian Gorchakoff. He claimed to be a na- tive ofJPetsdam in Prussia; said that he came to the' United States in 1844, and in that year had a revela- tion that he was Christ, the Savior of mankind, but heinterest.A letter from a farmer, li g near Hartland, Vt.,A. barge was launcheddistrictsofEnglandand*theNorthernContinent.nard C Clemens, No. 81 Greenwich street; John E,The Freeman's Journal thus resumes the general harvestproepectsofIreland: "Theoatcropisgener-street,aSide-wheel steamerof 1,500tuns,forSpofford'wasasailorfromMaine. HecametoNew-Yorkonthe25thof July, and having shipped wenfto Lind's boarding-house, where be stopped a day or two, and then went up to Albany. AfteringtonA.Bartiett,No.163Bleeckerstreet.A LUNATIC AT LARGE.—Yesterday morning a man rode upon a mule into the Park in so strange and Quix- otic a guise asto speedily attract a large crowd to him. He was dark and Bunburnt, and wore a cap, a velvetimports from abroad, instead of showing an excess.droutb, wnich continued for one year, Irom July 2, over the imports during the years 1858 and 1859, * Albany, for Daniel Drew, is also contracted for, andmore various and extensive than at any exhibition ever before held in New-York.Tombs, followed by a large crowd, -where a large number of silver watches, a revolver, $52 in cash, and other articles were taken in charge. The Justice com- mitted him as a lunatic. •"'•."•all these will not make up for the light nay crop. The1859,1 and little or no snow] jprevented seed from exhibit, on the contrary, a marked comparative de to be built at once, and is to.be 175 feet long, 33 feetgerminating, and the consequence is from a half to a three-quarter crop of that important article."JAMAIS JE NE T'OUBLIERAI.—This little Canadianair, the music of which was given in THE TRIBUNEyestei-day, was much practiced during the day on a}lsorts of instruments.' All the little girls who expect to test between two American elevens on Long Island'I*"£ Some day* the mercuryTHK PRINCEOFWALESAT GTJRNEY*SGALLERY. The omy corrrot likaneas in the United State* «t his Ror* tbe pirr. He remained eitting there for Borne timt, ap- IHgbxttuthe Prince Of Wales, oo exhibition at GunwaT's (M.*cline. . On the other haid, corn prices, although, oh anaverage, they rule now 26 per cent higher than at thesame period of last year, have as yet been kept down bythe news of the plentiful harvests in Americaand South- boat for the Stbnington line, 271 feet long, 32 wide, anddrontfe, and the quantity of butter abd cheese M.W. be somewhatsHarfals&sJs! Theyieldofhayisnowbterelarg«,butinmostpart*ofthe Sts*«ia fair; say two-third* of the usaal quantity." But in son of the present prices with those of similar seasons York pilots, will be finished in about a month. This the valley of Champlain, especially in Addison County, the influ-ence of thedronth has been m< st severely felt. Many have beenobliged to pastor* their meadows, and much of the remaindero'clock yesterday" morning on her way up the river, was wakiDg with it the.ecboes of the Palisades.created among the base-ball players of Long Island, from the fact that players from each of the first nines ofthe Excelsior, Atlantic, and Putnam Clubs were tosince 1815, is, that the average price of wheat, whichfirm has contracts for two-moie ferry boats of the samemay be taken now to amount to 58/ ®59/ the quarter,size and model as the one now nearly completed, andCOMMISSIONERS OF EMIGRATION.—This Board held take part in it; and, accordingly,- the largest coDection .wool, answering the description of those stjoien, were -•vas not worth mowing- * Farmers who usually cut fifty tnus are will have to rise, in England at least, to 65/ ^7^.' The for the same destination. The Novelty Iron Works farUmate if they secure ten this year. Instance* much wozyeBHMthis average frequently occur] One farmer who usually , effect Of such a rice in the price of breadstuJsi will be put in the engines. cuts fifty tana saved less than two tubs The grasshoppers havea private meeting yesterday at Ward's Island, for theof spectators ever seen on the East New-York grounds collected yeeterday to witness the result. The weather was all that pould have been desired, and the ground in good condition, and* the result was a well-contested,found. Ryan was questioned, and said he had pur- chased them long ago, but the bales being overhauled, the pieces of paper which had been duly deposited in them on the previous Saturday were found. Aggertoaattacked the grain, and in many init*nc*s nearly destroyed it. considerably aggravated by its coincidence with a pro- H. Steers, beside doing con3iderable repairing, is purpose of examining the conation ofthe Institutions,beam, .and 10 feet hold. Contract for the engine works: not yet givon-out. va — •. *' •. .In one instance thirty bushels to tty acre were shelled on in a abort tame. In Bridport, near the lake shore, they swept away every greesx thing— flowers, garden vegetables, and potatoes— IcedmgTthe tree* till they bent benet th the weight. Hay so d in Middlebnxy at $20 per tan taken from the field, and some even .higher.ISwepandcattleare.of course,quitecheap,andspecu- lators qvery. The sacrifice of property must be immense. The heavy rains of the last two weeks gitre fair promise of abundant Fall feed. Buttersell*atsixteentoiwentycents."Postmaster in Dupaige County, Illinois. He says that importsbave considerably risen, if compared with the are to be of 75 inch cylinder, an112 feet stroke. TheyCharles Watson of that eountj cut and thrashed from corresponding period of 1859. We find, in fact, the are alsobuilding an iron propeller of 250 tuns, and 135 .2i acres, 310 bushels of oats; ior was -a material dif- imports for the five months ending May 31,.1859, feet long. forPesant Brothers Cuba. This firm will James H. Raymond, of the Sixth Precinct, Brook- Douglas, c. Howard, b. Dr. *gressive decline in the export trade of the country.From £ 63,003,159, which sum they realized dur- Company..and partaking of the hospitalities of the new Warden.No business of consequence, was transacted.- Fromthe weekly statement it appears • that the number of game of four innings, play being commenced at 10£ and^McDonald were then arrested for the larceny, &n4ing the six months ending June 30, 1859, the Britishexportshavesunk to £62,019,989 during the corre-sponding period of 1860, and, as I have shown in a are for the New-York & Normeh Transportation formerletter,thecontraction was mainlyduetoade-cline in the sale of cotton goods and yarns, consequentbuilding a steamboat, for the Pernandiha RailroadSneden & Co., at Williamsburgb, are building three steamboats,of 1,400tunseach, ind300feetlong. Twoarrivalsto the 5th instant was72,549; to the same date last year, 53,787; number of inmates in institutiona. m. and closed at 4:30 p.m., the time occupied in playing the innings being less than five hours, the shorteiBtregulargameof cricketonrecord. Thescore is aa follows: ,Ryan takenintocustodyforfeloniously receiving tha stoled goods. This is quite a new trick, and may have been practiced extensively heretofore, .vrithout the knowledge of the victims. 'New-Haven line. The two former are m frame only;NE"WABK.aggravate the drain of bullion and the consequent of Mobile. They built a boat Of the same model, for cinct, was dismissed from the Department for. general Andrews ......i 0 b. Creighton..'unsettled state of the money market which charac- terizes allperiods of failing harvests, and extraordinary purchases of foreign corn. If, in England, .the effect of the imminent monetary pressure is not likely to stretch far beyond the sphere of political economy, it is quite another thing on theContinent,whereseriouB political disturbances are almost unavoidable whenever a monetary crieis coincides with a failing harvest andthe same pej son, a year ago. .. .,,.Lawrence & Poulks, Williansburg, are building a- the First District Police Court to the "Fifteenth Pre-Thomat, b. Dr. Andrews..'.. 5 b. Creighton Byes 4, leg bye 1, widei 2... 7 Byes 10, wides 2during the seven years of his residence in thatS Ate a great increase of taxation. Already the most serious < whole cost of this boat is about $30,000.Buckley... iR. Pearce, c. Pennington, b.3LHOw OUt********)*!*...b. Thomafl •.... b.Dr.Ward....;3162teisof the Steamboat and Railroad Police. wi«h two or three officers of the Seventeenth Ward, the) fire would have been destructive. It resulted, in ilessnesa ofayounggirlwhoisinthehabitofj inbed.*FATAL RAILROAD PASUALTY.—An inque was heldsigny ?"/:•.' ,, •' • • . |and Wilmington. They have ah-o a contract to build a email iron steamer, 100 feet long, for Carthagena, South America..The steamboat Hendrik Hodeon has been hauled op on the Marine Railway at Greenpoint, and it is reported that she is to b^turned! into a freight boat.thenolSHe»*tem p«rt of Bichardeon Coumy. 8 ^ * ^ , 5 ^ publishing establishments that are clustering aroind der and 12 feet stroke for Marehull ORoberts & Co ,I*cha^.wim*xtreraeJyho»weath«i.%Printing-Hooaesquare."fortheFloridaandSt.ADgnstiueRauroadCo.,andparentlynotmucJUhurt,-bathisfriend,finallytook J> "7" r' aC(.t-tKn for Saxa.r'..Q«*WM & 8oa»No.7<rran»4wv..,i•: I ;$$$@^^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-Ko.THE MILITARY FINE NUISANCE—ANOTHER AN- vessel; and testified that on Monday aftertoon he saw i"The ParisRiverK*«- laat Sunday •nhattaavillo having beesathus cut out work for the " ouvriers."prices of best wheat range at this moment as high; ifnot somewhat higher than the London prices, namelyat 60/6 to 61/. The last dodges by which LouisBonaparte tried to divert' the public mind, viz.: theSyrian expedition, the advancement of Spain to a"great power," the traosactionB with Prussia/and the ture, as the higher law of humanity would haveA BALLOON AT SEA.—The Hamburg ship Donan, fi?bm Hamburg, arrived at this port on Friday night, .reports that August 25, off George's Shoal/ she saw alarge balloon going east; ,'the wind at the time was' light, and from the westward.Byes 1, wides5small steamer tor the Cuban € overnment, to be used for the purpose of towing in th* harbor of Havana,cinct, for patrol duty; Patrolman E; P . Marx, of the Seventeenth Precinct, being appointed in his place. Belknap^B^ewer w a y appointed roundsman of tha ThirdT otal.LONO I8JLAND. ,8BCOND IWNTNG8.12 54100 feet long, 23 feet wide, and, 8 feet deep. The en- _ Precinct, NeV=Tork', in place of Campbell, resigned.MRST IN01NG8.About li o'clock yesterday morning the attic of • house No. 309 Bowery took fire, and but for the imme-8 diateassistanceofsomefiremen,and Officer McWat-gine will be a beam engine, with. 30-inch cylinder, and„ tix-feet stroke. She will be launched early next week. The Pulton Works are putting in.the engines. TheSergeant Emery, of the Thirteenth Pr«cinct, was transferred to the Twelfth. Roundsman Polly was tranafeired to Irvington, Westchester County, on pay- ment by the county of one qcarter's salary"ofa..Howard, b. Dr. Ward....... 2 Parker,cBaker,b.Dr.Ward4 & Smith, b. Buckley,...,... 1 Dr. Andrews, b. Buckley 1 Creighton. cBakeri bBuckley 0 T. Walden, c. qiohola, b.c. Thomas, tb. P. Smith...... 0 c.Buckley,b.P.SmithOf jobs doing in the various large iron works not. to satisfy a claim for a military fine against her broth-and after Borne words had passed, struck the mate inthe face with his fiat. The mate retaliated with a tion* of Character, with full descriptions given wb.*a desired.mentioned abo^e in connectionjwithlijhiprbuildmg, theAllaireWorksarebuildinganenginebf77-incxoylia-er-in-law, they took from .Ellen a valuable watch and clain. Sheforbidthem touchingtheproperty,hut they carried it off in spite of her. The injured woman entered a complaintbefoie-Justice Kally, againstt&How, and a scuffle ensued, during which deceased fell heavilytothedeck,andwasthentakenupandputon' 4 (Advertisement;['-.h*. www.fultonhistory.comm - - *^*MtHH*i^Sl*H*iMt*a*M•BSBHSSBBS1 wmmmmmmmmmmmm stssMslUntitled DocumentTheir business ismainly xnarine, engines, sugar-mills,fiie Bteam-engines, and iron steamers. "•' Among other Spofford, Tileston '6c Co.'s Charleston steamship line, street. The father of the mate has volunteered to fernjobs they are building three steamboat engines for Rio Janeiro, and have- contracts for seven fire steam-en- gines. ''Y.;.'':: 'V. ''.•' '^,:,',';V''. '' ; ";'''. ' "';':'"":LAUNCH.-—The steamship John P. King, bnilt for will be launched to-day at noon, from Westervelt'syard, foot of Houston street.burden, and will be commanded by Capt Richard Ad-bis funeral ezpenses, and to contribute to the neMMsi-She is of 2,000 tuns In the lumber yards, business is more active than it ams, formerly of the James Adger.tits of his family. ]'•\$1 25. • ;.-•• '. '•-•"[/r: [r:4#/? '.,"'";: 5s.,.-,;rv:,VThen, after abouttled that two days together without rain have bsen there has been so little doing in ship-building for so- SUPREME COURT—CHAMBERS—SHPTI. 5.—Before Justice Thos. Richardson of TSo. 15 Broadmiy, N. T., who has Cbuncilmen ordered the work to be suspended, 1sts il•13R; H+rates of last-Monday's market. • ,i. Hay-making has been already seriously .interferedare of superior construction, as a general rule, to Eart-ariseinwagesoftwenty-five.centsperday. Thisis pointedThos.RudolphTodeastheiragentatStPetersburg,rior Leicester rams from Mr. Sanday's celebratedflbjdtv^^T-en.of the Alderney cows are to be sold atauction, and as they are all in excellent health, havecalved since their arrival in this country, and were se-lected by Mr. Fowler, the largest dealer in these cat-tle, in England, they are well worthy of ihe attention FRIDAY, 13th. Evening—Grand BaEL offarmersorcountrygentlemen. Ontheirarrivalin SATURDAY,1^,EvenW^etnen.tTot^L«-htrroce**-*.with powers of substitution. Under this power he appointed mechanics have left the j city to supply the demand of the present defendant to act in his place, who sold a steamboat belonging to the plaintiff, and pocketing the proceeds, amountingdue, however,partlytothefactthatalargenumberofTHEPRIKCEOF WAL^S or NEW-YORX—The al-. >Before Judge Rr/ssKM..Several cases were postponed—among them theticket-swindling case of Henry D. Smithhurst, which will prob- obly come up next week. > . >and said that, from their knowledge of Ward's actions since the death of his wjfe in San Francisco, they are of the opinion that /he is insane. He has once sinceand was sent to the Penitentiary for one year. .sixweeks. JosephHavlland,onapleaofguiltyofanattemptatlarceny,At Westervelt's ship yard, No. 494 East Houaton received the same sentence.TheodoreLIndwaschargedwithkidnappingJohnRand.Rand Reed,No.413West Twenty-third street; andWash-& Tileeton's Charleston line,' will probably be launchedon Saturday. The engine,-put in by the Allaire Works, the ship he had engaged to go in had cleared, he returned to thecity and went again to Lind's house. The jproprietor shortly has a 71-inch cylinder, a*nd 12-feet stroke. A steam- after asked him into a back room, and, threatening to shoot him.cuffs were put on-thai he was sorry, but as he had lost so much pleted by the 1st of January. Also a steamship, of 'money he could not help it A verdict was returned of notluitfly, to bis evident embarrassment, as he could nbtspeak •• English. A German gentleman .entered into . conversation with the stranger, and from his answerswhat course it was best to pursue. Detective Eustace) w a s d e t a i l e d t o . t a k e t h e b u s i n e s s i n h a n d , ! a n d f o r s e v - eralnightshewatched the store fromthestreet,bat withoutmakihganydiscovery. Onenightduringhis presence in that neighborhood a bale >f wool was take*from the store of Bordman, and different tactics were reeOrted to in order to discover the thief. On Satur- day last Mr. Bordman was advisedto maj'k some slipsSenareagentscompleted in about six months. The Morgan IronHe^ said his nameIthasjustbeenbegun,andwillbeWorks put in the engineB.from this yard several weeks e neeAt Thomas Collyer's yard, Forty-third street, the steamer Fire Dart will be ready to launch this week. She is built for Mr. Hurd of Boston, for the China trade, and has a capacity of 700 tuns, is 200 feet long, 30 feet beam, and 12 feet deptii of of hold. The Nep- tune Works put. in the engiies. Another steamer for J. M. PorbeB & Co. of Borton, will be ready to launch in about two weeks. Her capacity is 750 tuns, length 210 feet, 30 feet beam, and 12 feet hold. The Morgan Works put in the engines. A day *^oat forSept. 6, at 11 o'clock. . •. .......• •- i" iTHE FOURTH AVEKCE MAIW.—A•'•commxadetMmw^ from the Croton Board was addressed to the May**- THE NATTjRALizATiorT MILL AT WORJC—The Su- yesterday^ asking if he will sign! warrants for tha-•''*>•but stopped at his request after a few days, to awaitA convenient map of the. Kingdom of Naples, andone of the Island of Sicily, of German execution, are lieve him. He declined to say whence he came direct- bales of wool, and, following this advicOj he left tha published by C. Westermann & Co. ly, although it appeared by his dress that he had trav- store to be gone over Sunday. •eled a great distance. A policeman eecorted the unfor- About dusk on Saturday evening, Detective Eustace/ • • • • « . — — a - . . ' . . . . •%Commissioners met at the headquarters, Broome street,Williams, b. CreightonA. Smith,rnn outDr. Ward, b.Creighton..... 1 /b. Creixhton.. Pennington, b. Dr. Andrews 0 b.Creighton.About 2 o'clock yesterday morning, a fire occurred, ha the dwelling honse No. I'll Spring street, occupied by Mr8. Maria Jones, but it was extinguished before much damage was done to the premises. Smoke was . firtt observed issuing from a hall bedroom, occupied by. Jlyn,- tendered his resignation, which was accepted. , A i i d r © ? v H . . » . * • • • * • • » * • • • • • • * * D c. Creighton, b. Dr. Andrews 1yesterday afternoon, at 2 o'clock......10 2neglect of duty. »• Joseph McCord was transferred from Qreathe&d, b. Creighton..... 1 Nbt out.,Ferry Company are erecting a new bridge in one of their slips at the Fulton street Ferry lending, on this side. This, however, is merely the first step toward a reconstruction of the whole co acerh. A complete new ferry-honse, on the most improved plan, is to ,be erected this Fall, or, at the latest, in the early part of next Spring.eft a widow and several children.RtoBBERY OFMONEY.—Ann Tully, alias .inn Boyle». an Irishrish rirl 22 years of age, was arrested by Officer Golden a.oC-the Sixth Ward, cnargi-* charged with having on the 3d inst. stolen$65 81 in bank bills andcoin from Bernard McMakon, Uring est No. 19 River street, Newark, N. J On searching the prisooet, most of the money was found rolled np in her hair, and she coo- leased to the theft. The accused was taken before Juattce Welasa and committedfortrial.>'••'.. I Advertisement j QUHNEY'S GALXJERX.No. 707 Broadway. PMOTooxAyna, IvoHTrrraa, lIMPROVEMENTS ATFUL TONFERRY.—TheUnionbeing the return game between the Newark and Long Island Elevens,-.which was first played at Newark lastF1HST INNINGS. .,i BECOND UOTCJJGS.0130ISichols not out 0 c. Whitney, b. Dr. Andrews. 806Not outb.P.SmithL. B.W.,b.Thomas;b. Thomas .,..11 c P. Smith, b. Thomas. 0 ByosS, Wide*7 12Totals....Umpires—For Newark, Hallis; for l$as: New- York, Cur p. Scorers—For Newark, ¥. Nicholls; for East New-York, H.Chadwipe.Time of the fourinnings, 4hours,50minutes. Those in italics are base-ball plarers.F A T A L R E S U L T OF A SCUFFLE.—Coroner Jackman, on Wednesday, held an inquest at the Harbor Police. Station in State street upon the body of Thoe. Quinlan, stevedore', a native of Ireland, 24 years of age, who died from the effects of a fall received on Monday last, while scuffling with —=- Theaier, mate of the ship Ocean Pearl, lying at Pier No. 8 East River. The father of the mate, David Theazer, was captain of thepurely accidental, the jury rendered a verdict to that effect. Deceased was S2 years of age, and a native of thU St ate. Ho ha*.31Total. .57lowing is a statement of the work cut ont forthe Prince)of paper so they could be identified, and p See them ia6 c. Dr. Andrews, b. Creighton 0 1. FIRE IN SPRING/ STREET—NARROW ESCAPE.—5 c.T Creighton, b. Dr. Andrews. 2 2 c. Pearce, b. Dr. Andrews.... 014 atNo.228WestThirty-firststreet,byCoronerQ>}eefe.on theUmikrviuutur Oit, and DjLQtr>uuuiOTTri»ft.-.'• i » " i .[AdvertisementJ•»*.••  