 1!1«1tion save to its timelinesss. W e shall willingly do danger to her existing political institutions, even seconding the motion of Gov. Morgan that weiany condonation be sought by those who havejust won an Anti-Slavery triumph? We insist, or even indicating, the failure of our American" arson ! Did you never read Dr. Watts's ' Birds that place; the steamer Alabama, which arrivedf.•tbyRUSSIAN and HUDSON BAY SABLE FURS, atGxNix'B. No. 513 Broadway.FURS, FURS, FURS, FURS, at Wholesale prices,GBXIS'S, NO. 513 Broadway.CHILDREN'S FURS retailed at Wholesale priceyGBSIIC, NO. 513 Broadway.MINK, MINK, MINK, MINK FURS, retailed atrepresentatives in Congress, resisted any suchpartition, and were barely overborne by a sub- of the Scriptures and as polluters of the pulpit.When that abiding nuisance, the Nebraska bill, ful from the North, Should the North now pro- was hatched by Mr. Douglas, and three thousandNew-England clergymen—many of them as soundbe, and we are sure many of them are, pro- foundly grateful. They a r e —:1. The election of a new President and Vice- President on the platform of the Declaration of Independence, in defiance of the desperate, fran- tic exertions of all who would place Money and Merchandise first, Man and his Rights a long way afterward.2. The taking the rule of our State and Na-tion out of the hands of their grogshops, gam-bling-houses, arid other haunts of lewdness andWhole**!* prloea, byFALL AND WINTER.Qmnv,No. 513 Broadway.line, it would be evident that the sentiment ofamong us during the last forty years.1 We trust nois, in a moment of imprudence, which alone'E. V.'HAU«HWOCT it Co., No*. 483, 490 and 49K Broadway, ©or. Broonle-st.And in regard to the other vexed qnestion, viz.: the right of government. going into the Territories with slaves, why not rettore the MittouriTh* largest store in the city.ftrxBiti*** JWtofiK *«Mp«*«W***l*%*a»***«*«*«aya*k«a*»M#«0MaM»remon-IMMENSE STOCKofWnmot 0*OTHI»&, k c,might be held responsible for fugitive slaves in theOlIAT R• l>wCTIOW!IWe b«re cottohided to ©ftW owr large and complete »tock ofand address, in this or any other .way, his intel-ligent car. But before he preacheb* any more days, under its own signature, published a con-Won**CtoraixeandFownwJ»«GooneforMenandBoy*, allhisoldawakinggladness,andthenightoverflowwith'moon- 9laq»gfTRawwnBitixWUCM.propwmtocytoremoval light,music,love,andiloworsV Loveitselfisthegreatstimu' Wo aredeterminedtodoee<»ttheentireStookIn U>«preaent 'ant—themost intoxicatingofall—andperforins all thesemiru- • ta*4. bring what It may. This pceeenW a ( M A T OFPOwnrxmr cles; but it is a miracle itself, aud ia not at the drug store, what' ever they wiy. The counterfeit is in the market, but the wingedconstructive or even supposed obligation to catchin'population and wealth, her institutions and government have conformed more and more tosermons, we wish ho would seriously consider Whether treason and civil war are consistent- with the teachings'of the Bible or. the canons of his Church. . _______THINGS TO BE THANHLFiri- FOB. The Hon. Fernando Wood, in a Proclamation§#»TOTMO oomptoto ootilto Iran the U i a u r STOCK of Mas'* **d B*TV Cu>T»n«»and FtmidMUne Ctoooa in tho city,A* Ixr«»nH.T Low Fwoaa.D w r u y , HSMOK it Co.,No*. M8, 359 and 369 Broadway.THE-NORTH AND SOUTH agree on one point, andthai la that Kit ox. north-weatcorner of Broadway and Fulton-rt., snake* the only HAT fat for a gentleman. There is a peculiarity of «tyU>. finish, and elvfra&o* about hi* manufactures whioh always commends them to an artistic and cultivated taate. . Observe a nandaome man on Broadway, and h* will be sure to wear a Knox HAT. ,.god is not a money-changer, wo assure you.Men have tried many things, but still tney ask for Btimulantq The stimulants we use, but require the use of more. Men try to drown the floating dead of their own souls in the wine-oup, but the corpses will rise. .We see their faces in the bubbles. The intoxication of drink sets the world whirling again, and the pulses playing wildest music, and the thoughts galloping; but the fast clock runs down sooner, and the unnatural stimulationonly leaves the house it fills with wildest revelry, more silent, more sad, more deserted, more dead.. There is only one stimulant that never fails, and yet never intoxicates. It is LACTONAH, tho great medicine of the ago. Sold at No. 4 Union-square, No. 294 _ Canal-st., No. 296 Bowery, and at Campbell's, corner of 8th-av. and 28th-st., "N.. Y . LACTO- NAH has raised men from the grave. LACTONAH has saved men from a drunkard's doom, and is a sure remedy for intemperance. LACTONAH puts a blue sky over every man—up in his heart maybe—into which the skylark Happiness always goes singing."TOWER CLOCKS, |KEGUJLATORS, AND OFFICEsod sastaotaneons; Black or. Brown. Factory, No. 81 Barclay. X. Sold and applied at BATCMKLOK'S Wig Factory, 16 Bond-st,W e cannot speak too highly of the virtues ofHOIXOWAY'S PILLS and OiNTXXKfr for their speedy cure of Coughs and Colds. Our experience of their efficacy satisfies us that no better preparation exists.SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE." Everybody should have a bottle."—[Tribune. • Fox SALS EVX&TWHBHX.Manufactured by H. C. SPALDING & Co., No. 48 Cedar-st. Post-Office address, Box No. 3,600.C- •'-• 1 .II. !and return fugitive slaves. To this part of The'Journal's programme then, we make no. objec- the democratic idea* nor does there seem anyFor the boat one. beat made, beat fitting, 'fashionable, taety, and the largest aaaeruneut of F A U . and WIJTTJBK CLOTKISU, FVH- IIMIUW^OOM, and Cutt-oxxx's CLOTHINU, and at prices l«es than at any other establishment, go toMassachusetts that the Hon. Mr. Everett, forget- ting that in the earlier stages of his career he had been the Rev. Mr. Everett, made but a fee-under a Virginia President, with Calhoun andCrawford in^ the Cabinent and Clay Speaker of The penalty paid by Mr. Everett for this unfor-the House. 2. We hold that the repudiation by tunate absence of mind was his late nominationMURRAY-STREET FIRE.N'KW-YOKX, NOV. 26, I860.Kew». A. S. MAUVIJ* it Co.,(Successors to Steams &. Marvin).W* cheerfully add ©ux testimony to the valoe of yonr KIKK- txooir SALAMAN r>*R S A H U , as our books and paper* of every description were ALL VKKHKKYKO in one of them during the- in- tense ore of last night. Indeed, the contents of the Sate are all that we have left of our former busiuess, and of course we can hardly estimate at pre*eut the value it lias been to us.Our Safe stood in the hottest place in the building, and fell through to the nr»i tloor, where we recoveied it.E. bTO.NK 4c. CO.,No. 29 Murray-st., New-Y ork,f STILL ANOTHKK.Messrs. Hook, Skinner it Co. also bad *ne of our Safes, whichpreserved all ita content* perfectly, a certificate from whom will Se published.guob tests speak for themselves.A large assortment ou baud at our warehouses, at low prices.. A . S. MAKVijf it Co.,No. 335 Broadway, New-York. No. 5" Gravier-st., New-Orleans.$40. Rapid and noiseless. Under pateut of Howe. Orover it Baker,NOVEMBER27, 1860.the South of the Missouri Compact was, under$4®.Wheel*! it Wilson.4. W e cannot ignore the fact that a restorationment to consider, he surely must have realized printed in our columns of the 25th inst., thoughP ARKERSEWING-MACHINE.The T Hment, i 'if' £scal ye . inendarii h*-. it* rtift KMT-CLASS OOt'HLX TUKKA1).JT. B. BALDWIN'S,No*. 70 and T2 Bowery.a Northern President, on the morrow of a greatFree-State victory, we cannot consent to takelower ground than was taken by the Free Statesvice, and placing.it under the control of those ble defense of black coats and white cravats.. who gain their livelihood by means accordant1<Is now seldng at £40. Agents wanted. VXM.NO.V it CO.. No. 4t>!> Broadway.SQUIRE «fc LANDER •of the Missouri line now would practically sur-render Mexico and Central America to Slavery, recognized as such by The Journal of. Commercethat never had people greater political reasons for thanksgiving than have ours just at thisof course no special speed was attempted in thehavetax sale R» vi. GOLD JK»T.UI aud £><*LIBH STKRLINOSIL- vautw AXX 5 per vent less than any otner house in tne city.No. »7 Kulton-st., near William.TUBS CHARLES FRODSHAM W A TCH.TIJTAXT it Co.. No. 5H> Broftdyay, . Sole Agents in K«w-Y ork.r«««o«s wishing to procure this most reliable pocket tiine- : phjss, the oefobrated WATCHand would enormously stimulate the spirit of FillibuBterism. it would say to all the uneasy spirits of the South, " Seize Mexico, piece-meal,time. So let us eat our roast turkey with had doubtless heard of Lincoln's election before grateful hearts, fervently praying God that future it was known in Europe; and it may yet beyears may be as auspicious to Liberty and several days before we shall hear of the receptionIndwrs*d by the British Admiralty,DiatiiNgBiahed by the first awards of the London and Paris Ex-positions,And more recently by the urand Russian Medal of Honor,Can only be sore of a genuine article by purchasing at the •hove-oamed authorized depot. .WILLIAM TAYLOR'S NEW SALOON,No. Soo BBOAUWAT.Refreshment* of all kinds c«ut be bere obtained by ladies andfetttlemen, at all bours of the day and evening."*.BROWN'SBRONCHIALTROCHESkm or WrtiMM of tha Throat, Hrlirvt tK* Hack* impCcmghmt'vnmmption,Bronchi**,Atth- SMK, o«td Catarrh, Ci—r tuuKjpife itrtngththis.For the reasons thus briefly indicated, we were allowed to mention Slavery, always, how-TIte Herald's special Virginia correspondent fornia and Oregon, it is simply because the vote.Few are aware of the importance of checking a Cough orEurope, not merely of curious speculation, but of the deepest interest. W e have been regardedpreachinghasbrokenoutbadly.UpontheSecessionis,after'all,withthemamatterofmaterialinterest.I forallothers. recent Twenty-third Sunday after Trinity, the do not mean to insinuate that the movement is solely actuatedby that consideration, but there can be no doubt of its exerting g^»>f1to th* voU* of '•. p r u n e sraAXJuts AXDUMVSIU. .spoken of the conduct of the Common Council " Common CoUF in its first stage; tbat wbioh iu the beginning in this business as it deserved. We print, inB l U F F .Senator Latham is now in Washington, and, withwould yield to a mild remedy, if uegleoted, soon attacxs tho LWDXS. " Hrwm't Branchial I'rwhe* " oootalning deiu«do«nt iu- gredfaist*, allay Pulmonary and Bronchial Irritation." That trouble in my Throat (for which the " Tro-another column, a few of the gems of his farrago.His resolution to have a public auditing of theing not merely the future fate and welfare of Luke's'Church, Charleston, preached to the Pal-" I have no idea tliat the Cotton States will now forego the ad.vantage which the election of Lincoln presents for the accomplish-ment of an object which to them is far dearer than the preserva-tion of this Union. In the Reopening of the African slave-trade .Confederacy, including California, Oregon, Washington, Utah,Bxowa's che*" are a specific), baviug mad* me often a autre bills next Monday was voted down. Aid. Brady whisperer.'* •this Western continent, but .the hopes and pros-pects of the whole human race. Is it possiblefor a Government, to be permanently maintained " peror, and not to any black person of that name) they recognize one of the greatest sources of. wealth and prosper ' and New-Mexico.: >Tsocan*. N. P. WILLIS. " I recommend their use to P r u n e SrsuiCxxs." BKOVS'S Rev. E. H. CHAMW." Have proved extremely serviceable for HOAXSO- TKOCSO*^ mtaa."then announced that he had moved for a public statement of the Japanese items, solely in order to satisfy some old fogies among his constituents. He was going to get the nomination that (last) night, and meant to be elected any way. Mr. Brady was nominatedr but whether he will be elected or not is a question. The Board of" the things which are Caesar's, and unto God the ity that any country could acquire. With such advantages, theyBxowsr*aTaoouxA-jBxewn'tRev. H»*Tt\ WAW» BXXCHXX." Almost instant relief in the distressing labor ofbreathing peculiar to ASTHMA."•Rev. A. C BUOLXSTOX." Contain xo Opium or anything injurious." Dr. A. A. HATXS,> ChtmtML, Morton.feel that »hey could control the destinies of the world, and make Europe and the North bow in obedience to their will. There is much truth in the idea; but, whether there is or not, they enter; tain the conviction firmly, and argument will be unavailing in the effort to remove it."—There is more truth in the above than usu- ally finds a place in The Herald; in fact it is the real core of the matter. To talk of the electionDisunionists were about to catch a whole- of Lincoln, or the Personal Liberty acts, or any- to which they have risen in the scale of national some rib-roasting; whereas, so far as we thing like these, as the cause of the present Se- importance, with the greater confidence has it notice,, they came off without so much cession flurry, is just as silly as to make apologiesbeen maintained, on the one*hand, that our in- as a tap. for the circulation of Helper's book. The Fire- stitutions rest on a solid, and permanent basis, The Reverend Rector Gadsen seems to eaters think they could make themselves rich andaggravate their importance by setting up a purely inherent strength and cohesion, and that the South Carolina, the "invasion" of her rights; Cotton Confederacy and reopening the Slave-TradeTUPOXae^ " A aunple and pleasant oombination for COUOHS, Councilmen voted their Clerks $250 each extraa majority, capable of being carried into practi- cal operation, and that, too, over a large extent of country? "„" T h e Reverend Christopher has made a capital " selection. . ' Render unto Caesar' may, without " any violence, be paraphrased ' Obey the Con-Bxovrx'* Txocuns. Bxowif's TXOCHXS. Bmows's TXO*H*V*.BKOWV'S TstOOKKM.^BMOWS*»Tsootuu.BxowWsDr. O. F. BIOBLOW,Botton." Benenoial La BRONCHITIS."Dr. J. F. W. LAKX,Botton."I have proved them excellent for WHOOHIJIO, COOOH."Rev. H. W. WAXKKX,Botton." Beneficial when oompeTied to speak, auifering^tates have become, and the higher the position•LCfor Committee service, making a total of $1,500, a piece of extravagance for which there was not the slightest warrant. The Clerks are well paid, and thifl "extra service" is all humbug. .'The more populous and wealthy the United " stitution.' " We confess that we thought the• •- t of tb'» * StancesBue o:".'means:< . will'no: Tho 1 drawba' present, can beThis ex - it ougJ Tarin l • arid umT\. ' .• ?> v T h e, \have kr who< dividemand. •'. tbe duiPacificIroau COUD.'1" EvrxorcAL in removing Hoarseness and irrita-and oh the other, that they are destitute of have taken for granted "the wrongs " ofdemanding the repeal, by Northern StatoH, of htwa obstructing, time of explosion and disruption, is rapidly ap- the precarious condition of her " public peace." with Africa. They have seized on Lincoln's elec-fifteen srslnotes, A. S. MAXVIK it Co., Sole Manufacturers, Successors to STKAXMS tc MAXVIX,No. 335 Broadway, cor. Wortb-st., N. Y.- •. BeMLAJt and Fixx-Pxoor Sxjmx. (Wilder^ latent.)Of all wimmt and patterns, constantly on hand and for sale on the most sxreceble terms. A. 8. M. it Co.WHEELER & WILSON'SOffice, No. 50CBXOAUwAT, New-York.HOUSE FURNISHING GOODSAT PANIC PXJCX*.Oar aiaal Southern Sales having in a great-measure been stop-p>edhr reasonv€thepresentpoliticaltroubleswearepreparedto sjffscsWCsjsx. ./.,*> •100,000 W'OXTX oxCSISA, OLAMWutx, SILVXJ*PLATXOGOODS,OSLAXDXXIXKH, • • • Bxoxzxs, CLOCKS wad KAXOT Goons,At price* heretofore unknown in this market.Th*** " Complete Sets," tlft pi*ee« of Kronen China aud RichCast aad Engraved Olass Ware are still farther reduced to $66. We fcrrUe anImmediateexaminationof oar goodsandprices.E. V. HABCMWOL'T it Co.,""*' No*. 438, 490 and 493 Broadway, corner Broome-st.South, was repudiated by a like vote within the the local affairs of the Slaveholding States, has emit the commands; "Eyes right! shoulder arms!SaroriNO-MACHINXS.W r T * IstPVKTAiTT iHXKOTKXKNTi*, AT RMDCCKDbody to tar and feather us, we might wrestle back by the authorities of those cities, or elsewith him. We might (having previously taken prevented from remaining there by the heavyPRICKS. Increased facilities lor manufacturing, and the curtailment of litigation expense* consequent upon recent. decisions of the United State* Courts, justify the sale of Wheeler it Wilson Manulfeoturixg Company's Sewing-Machiues, with Important im- provwoaeots, at greatly reduced price*. The superiority of these 4taohtne* for family use and manufactures, in the same range of porpoeo aad material, is attested by tens of thousands usingManifestly, the end of negotiations will be further concessions from our side; for negotiation is re- quired only to placate the South. What are we to negotiate for 7 Plainly, to avert the Southern storm—to draw the lightning from the Pro-Slav- ery cloud—to dissuade or withhold, the Cotton States from Secession. We sadly feel that-any negotiation at this juncture will be a virtual con- feasion and retraction by the Free States—at all events, will be so represented to and understood by the South. Who ever heard of a "negotia- " t i o n " or " compromise" following a Pro-religion, and morals, so far, at least, as the question of slaveholding is concerned. It is not the development of democratic ideas or institutions that has brought on the present difficulties; it is the collision which has taken place between democracy on the one hand, and this foreign element and doubly aristocratical in- stitution of negro slavery .on the other. : Sup- pose it should turn out that, under these circum- stances, the Slaveholding States should determinean opportunity of observing, upon excellent au- thority, that peace-makers are blessed) point.out tohim the folly and the wickedness of a war fool- shly. and wickedly waged. We. might say:bonds demanded of the ship and captain for their support. The Nashville, from Charleston on Satur- day, brought forty steerage passengers, whom the Mayor of that place would not permit to land;4fc , jR*v. S. J. P. AXDKBSOX, .i>t. 1.tru.it. tion of the Throat, so common witb SyxAXXxsandthe rendition of fugitive aluves; also, an enactment of Cougress for removing obstructions by Territories in the introduction of all property, such action being contingent on Georgia remaining in the Union.From The Albany Evening Journal. 'Here is something tangible. It nujgettn a ba»U on lohich n*go- tiatioh* can be iuaityurated. South Carolina goes ahead withoutproaching. What he is particularly afraid of is, that hi,s dear It cannot be doubted that the news of the flock, in tarring and feathering and banishingtion as their opportunity—they hardly make it a; I1 ! ij„->iN<»*Aui." ,Professor M. STACT JOHICSOK,.La Granov, (ia..Teacher of Music, Southern Female College.pretext. They have created a Reign of Terror, present extraordinary position of affairs in the white men, in watching and restraining insurrec- under which even slaveholders dare not directly op- Southern StateB, consequent upon the result of tionary black men, in hoisting Palmetto banners, posetheir doings, lest they be denounced and mobbedTXOOHX*. , " Great benefit when takou before and alter preacb- " rhyme or reason." There it is not disuuiou for cause, but dis-iog, a* they prevent Hoarseness. From their,past B X O W W ' S e o e e t I t h i n J t t h e y w R i e l v l . b e E . o f R Op e W r mL X a T n , e A n . t a Md v . , a n t a g e t othe late Presidential election, will produce among in drilling and in speech-making, will " be as Abolitionists. If you want to make them conlishment of absolute Free Trade with all the * world. No custom-houses are to levy taxes on| those products of other nations which are required by the people of the New Confederacy.union per »e. "•'•••' Assuming the possibility of coming together in a iraternal spirit TXOOSIXB. Sold by all Druggisu at Twxirrr-»ivx CXNTS A for the purpose of effecting " a more perfect union among thetheEuropeanadvocatesof democraticgovern-" drawn away from the spiritual service of God." tented in the Union, offer to reopen and protect \who wish to buy. * •liable for the value of the tlavet to retcved.breakdown of our whole system of republicanUMTCHK_I»]TI.-• President of Athen's College, Tenn., Box.ment and popular rights very serious alarms as What he desires is a union of "patriotism and the Slave-Trade, and they will-listen to you; but to'i States," we are not without hopes that the result may prove to what is to become of us; while, among the "piety." What he particularly wishes is a re- talk of repealing Personal Liberty acts, Sea., only.BARRY'S TKICOPHEROUS I« the boatand cheapestarticle for Dressing Beautifying. Cleansing. Curling, Preserving iair. - Ladies, try it. Sold by Druggist*.auspicious. With a mutual desire to harmonize differences, let us suppose that, in place of a vindictive Fugitive Slave law—a law repugnant to manhood and honor—one should be enacted.whichtion, togethertoith a provition making Counties where fugitivet regarded as the first step toward tho entire "and vindicate her rights, visited with a special are rescued by violence, from qfficvrt who have them in- charge,\li Negro slaves from Africa are to. be imported i•md ReMe•rrfinngxitbeHi " 'CHINA, GLASS, CHANDELIERS, PLATED GOODS armstheFederalauthoritieswithallneedfulpowerforitsexecu-advocates of monarchy and aristocracy, . the vival of religion. " Would," says'he, " that I doeB mischief, by impelling conservative Southrons threatened secession of the Cotton, if not of the " could see my beloved State, while called, in to unite in their demands, in the hope of averting entire body of the Slaveholding States, will be "the province of God, to protecther institutions Secession". Better say nothing.free of duty, as well as other merchandise.But on thiB subject of Free Trade we fear that perfect harmony of opinion will not prevail in the New Confederacy any more than it does elsewhere. Thus, Mr. Willoughby Newton of Virginia, who, in a long letter to The National Intelligencer, gives in his adhesion to the doctrine of secession, and indulges in glowing anticipa- tions of the success of the Southern Republic, has his vision gilded by the glories which Pro- tection to Home Industry will shed upon th«* future of that Government and people. Wo quote from his letter: ," Under a Southern Confederacy, whose Government w»uld of necessity be supported by imposts, bow sudden and groat an impulse would be given to our prosperity in every department ofJtc., at a great reduction for cash.We are determined to sell, aud will make it an object for thoseCATARACT WASHING-MACHINE.The best ever invented. No Rcnxixw and NO WJUS.SL- LHVAN it HTATT, NO. 4£M Broadway.CURE FOR HERNIA OR RUPTURE, <fcc.WHITX'S f'ATXNT LxVBX TKCW. WMITX'S PATXJTT LXVXK TKUSS. W'HITX'S PATKXT LXVXK SUFPOXTXR. WMITM'S 1'ATKNT LXVKX SL'^VOUTSW.Are ntade upon a new principle. . Are uuuLo upon a uew principle. .And.Is JC»T WHAT is WANTXO.,Call and see them before purchasing. Pamphlets gratis. UXKUVKI it Co.. Sole Proprietors, No. 25 Bond-st.and the Rev. Christopher's remarks are afterI u f o ithen, that, before we talk of "negotiations" or Owners of horses will find Dr. TOBIAS'S LIND a fresh "compromise," it shall be clearly stipu-came back* under similar compulsion, and the di- " bad enough, but a civil war is the worst of the rect, statements of four of these persons have been- published iu these colunius. If hmnuu testi-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. <•MMMT, ia pint bottle* at 20 ct*.. superior to anything elut for east,lag coJle, sweUings, galls, bruises, lumps. Ate. Sold by all the { lated and settled that Lincoln aud Uumiin are storekeepers and druggist*. Depot No.Se Courtlandt'St., N. Y. ." able little hymn for all that. Now any war isno waking, in ita house of clay, and the w indow-xhuttorH are closed, and th« door ia huxig with the invisible crapa of melan- choly ; when we wish the golden sunshine pitchy blackness, and are very willing to ' fancy clouds where no clouds bo.' This in a state of nickness when physic may be thrown to the dogs, for w e will have none of it. Whnt shall raise the sleeping Lazarus 1 Whatshallmaketheheartbeatmusicagain,andthepulsesdance to it through all the myriad thronged halls in our house of life 7 What shall make the aun kiss the eastern hills again for us withwell as as treason.II. Any arrangement by. which localitiesTUESDA Y ,tion, but as a guaranty for his good faith.Business letters should in all cases be addressed to THH NEW-YOXK TXIBVXK.We cannot undertake to return rejected Communication*.Advert'iBemente for THK WKJEKLY TRIBUNE for thisfor the Vice-Presidency with the lame andimpotent phenomena following that act wrong, and that to simply restore it would of misguided affection. That singularly con-with Virtue and the Common Weal.3. The great progress which the cause of Lib-erty and Human Rights has made during the year now closing, alike in the Oid and the New World.4. The moral certainty that the Hon. Isaiah Rynders will retire to the shades of private life early in March next, and that the African Slave- Trade will thereupon be very, seriously crippled, and kidnapping in our own City lose some strik- ing facilities.'5. The strong probability that the Hon. Fer- nando Wood will rule over us as Mayor just one year longer, and that nothing can ever secure him another reelection. ' .—If His Excellency had only stopped a mo-TONo notice can be token of Anonymous Communications.the circumstances, an act of bad faith andC0AHKSP0NDKNT8.What- ever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer—not necessarily for publica-not be that >' terror to evil-doers" that the equityof the case demands. 3. The South and herNorthern allies ten years ago offered, and voted,not less, than thrice, to extend the Missouri, lineto the Pacific. Polk was then President; theSlave Power in the ascendant; •Buchanan andDouglas both urging acquiescence; yet the FreeStates stood out. They would abide by thecompromise of (1820, but they would not extendit from the Rio Grande to the Pacific. W e can-not see wny they should take lower ground now.venient phrase, "appropriate sphere," was at this time in many mouths, and parsons were warned to stick to legitimate topics, such as predestination, original sin, pedobaptism, ple- rophory of faith, and perseverance of the Saints. This caution, however, extended only to the clerical opponents of the mischievous measure. Those who admired it were graciously allowed to preach their pews into universal somnambul- ism, and to demonstrate the signal impiety of saying, even in a whisper, that Freedom is holy and Slavery satanic. If Liberty showed so much as the tip of her cap. in the churches,and The Observer, why Liberty had a heavy Hebrew "dictionary thrown at her for her pains. Deep Dr. Lord, about this time, began to pub- lish his little books, and to puzzle mankind. Shallow Dr. Adams, about this time, began to take south-side views and puzzle himself. Such gentlemen, in consideration of the public peril,A. SUGGESTED COMLPBOMISK. ATJOT/STA, Friday, Nov. 23., A resolution was offered in- the Georgia .Legislature>'" •»•<•"">< '•<' • m .• • : • .NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 2*, 186*.the fairly chosen President and Vice-President of1 republican government on^emooratic prin- The Louisville Journal boautUtally anya: "There are times of the entire Union, and that, resistance to their ciples would still go on; nor is there anything in4when the pnlse lies low' In the bosom, and beata alow in the lawful, constitutional authority is repudiation as our past .history or present position.to indiice veins; when the spirit sleeps the sleep, apparently, that know*"worst. " DidN'ou never read about Cain andmony on an incident of public notoriety can &, relied on, then these arc'facts.The owners of one of these li_#» are Me**r», Samuel L. Mitchill & Sons^-evid^ntly MitchUU of that ilk. Mr. Samuel L. does not know "a«4" h a s not heard" of any passenger being « ^ back from the South—a most refreshing awer. tion, considering that his house had, within threegrievously of one of Board, aA prctt $ jnen Bc<A i Brady, 1 ri the famo Those w«. ©lection-; we reconTHTMAG Special WoSTDfULANTS."Abel, Mr. Ga^en?;' ' ""Ii W e do not: knowX tbat this, homelystantially unanimous South, backed by a hand- BA TCHELOR'S HAIR DYE.—Keliable, harmless* ,pose or cordially accept a reestablishment of thatOLOOKS—the most accurate timekeepers In the world.SVJSHKY it Co., No. 487 Broadway.week must be handed in TO-DAY,The mails for Europe, by the steamship Can-ada, from Boston, will close at the New-York PostrOffice this afternoon at li and 2$ o'clock.*»,We learn by telegraph from Albany that theState Canvassers, after declaring the result onPresidential Electors, adjourned yesterday tomeet again on the 7th of December, to canvassthe State Ticket. No returns were received fromeither Sullivan or Orange County, so the canvasswas completed and the result declared with thesecounties omitted. Adding tho reported result " guarantoe you the unresisted establishment offrom Orange and Sullivan, the vote of the State foots up as.follows: ..'•'••Lincoln Electors, (Bryant)......^362,646" Slavery therein." We could not assent toFusion Electors, (Bronsou). Majority for Lincoln.-.312,510 .50,136trust that the programme hastily outlined by The Journal will not be accepted by the North.THE AMERICAN EXPERIMENT.The social, and especially the political institu- / tions of the United States, have, for the wholeever, in salutiferous connection with Abraham,Isaac, and Jacob; but we muBt confess that theweight of orthodox opinion was rather againsteven this. To be dumb, appeared to be the dear-" The best informed meu in this section—among whom I cla«g•onie of our wiseut representatives iu CongresH—seem to entertainvery slight hopes of any good result from a Southern Conference-There is one serious obstacle, which will probably nullify aU ef.forta atcoucUiation, viz: The Cotton States believe that secession,intrinsically, involves much more benefit to them than could re- with nearly every County heard from; and it isInstead of making public tho details of the Japaneseswindlelastnight,asprovidedbyAid. Brady's resolution, Aid. Starr took occasion toindulgeinalongtiradeofpersonalabuseofthose who, from a sense of public duty, havemotive in pursuing this policy it to reopen the African.slave-trade him, swelling his Electoral Vote to 180 to 123 of the current century, been the subject in that in Charleston, South Carolina, political and that they are fware they never can do within the Union.Tuesday.serious misgivings as to the result.It has often been urged that with the increaseof wealth and population our existing popular cases specified by The Journal^ must be made system of government would beoome impractica- by and with the States. Congress would have ble, and that a great class would arise, of mere laborers, destitute of property, to whom the offending States to reimburse the outlay; the right of suffrage could not be safely entrusted.States could collect it^of counties or other lo- Our experience thus far does not give any coun- calities as they should see fit. We, certainly tenance to this view. Take the State of Massa-should be glad tosatisfy bya payment of money, any chusetts, for instance: With a constant increasestrance would have an„\ effect upon this reverendperson. As he will probably bo chaplain of somebully regiment, and be sb>f in the first action,we shall never probably grtfsp his manly handto assume the responsibility, and call on thetradiction of the truth of the reportsthat one «f their own steamers had brought a number tf such passengers, and considering also that in the next sentence he denies that the published ataW ment of one of them is true, while at the same time he acknowledges he has not seen, bathas only beard of it. " We ought to know it "undoubtedly would know it, if such Were the "fact," says Mr. Samuel L. Mitchill. jjgott undoubtedly, Mr. Mitchill. And as several of your passengers have informed us by letter and personally of the fact as regards themselves, tie presumption is that you are perfectly aware offsthat which you should and would know. Their sources of information would be, they assure the public, their agents at Savannah, the identity of names on the passenger-lists and the officers of the ships. If these sources have failed them, it only proves that they, were not to be relie4 upon, and not that the statement is untrue; butthey are careful not to state, except by implica- tion, that they do not know from these very sources that the statement is true.Finally, Messrs. Mitchill 6c Sons advertise, that as " a matter of precaution," they will take no more steerage passengers to Savannah, because they " a r e not wanted." They are not sent back; oh, no! they only come back. BenevolentI steamboat owners! Do we hail the dawn of the Millennium of Commerce, when ship-owners are to exercise a paternal interest in the affairs of passengers, and will take no man's money unlew they are certain he is to be tho gainer by going where the ship will carry him ?PRO<*RESH.It is but about thirty years since our President'* Annual Message was. taken across the ocean in a sailing vessel and published in London, eight days before it had reached and been issued in-St. Louis, which city is very near the geographical center of our present republic. And now the result of our Presidential Election, which took place on the 6th inst., was transmitted, mainly by Pony Express, to San Francisco on the 14th, and published there by 9 o'clock on the morning of•that day. The news of its arrival there, returnedin like manner, was received here so as to be!>nothing that looks like bribing, or hiring, or wheedling any State or section to remain in the Union; for, if the Union is not mutually and generally beneficial, we do not want it perpetu- ated. - ;,; •••*.'/.; • v''if that increase should continue indefinitely.POLITIC AX PKEACMXNO IN CHAJEaXES- '.- TON.celebrate Thursday of this week as a day ofAnnual Thanksgiving, volunteers the very gra-tuitous and rather impertinent remark that" in my judgment, the country, either in its political, oommer. cial, or financial aspect, presents no features for which we shouldf •*'•* ''-'•'"j -deferred *<Its toneCided a^a . AJI urpen < lepeal *u • { fcnd injui • ''''' •' . T,Tliere. ^udge W eoneenun All his i though hi- position, lis own,Every j \Union, a • ment has r he)] wr*h thus aecx * Irreak uj»• such n't* V. jroceedas nuts on the Paul and Onesimus question—pro- repugnance to Slavery Extension had lost ground tested against it, the indignant Senator from Illi-might have cost him the Presidency, so frightened have the fact contradicted by the record. With by his gusty rage the sensitive Senator fromthat the fact is otherwise, and we. would not" as you did in the seizure of Texas, and weI Good Government as 1860 has been. WHA T HECESttlON MEANS.of the tidings even in England.If we are not yet able to announce positivelythe result of the Presidential contest in Cali-without privileged classes, without a standing Iarmy, and without either hereditary or self- | "things that are God's." St. Matthew, xxii, 21.appointed rulers? Is the democratic principle of This sermon is printed in The Charleston Mercury. equal rights, general suffrage, and government by When we. saw the text, we said to ourselves:— " S e n a t o r L a t h a m " is an active, ambitious, formerly rising man, who now belongs to the smallest of the three parties in California—that which has just been badly beaten in supporting Breckinridge and Lane. No doubt, Mr. Latham," with other Pacific Representatives "—that, is, other Breckinridgers—will busy themselves in the service of Disuniouists; but they can no. more shake California than they can overturn the Sierra Nevada. California, Oregon, and XJtah will all stay in the Union—in that Union which.can and will build the Pacific Railroad. The "Pacific Representatives" are only trying to bolster up the disunionists of the &outh br bullying, and (if*-possible) frightening the North: but the game cannot win.One of the great features of the proposed Nfew Southern Confederacy, as set forth by the South j Carolina authorities on the subject, LB the estab-"outpouring of the spirit of God," & c , &c. Ourreaders know how such sentences always end, W e rather like impudence when it is of a highIt ought, however, to be borne in mind thatthe threatened disruption of the Union does notoriginate at all from the democratic element of mitting treason are exhorted to pray* " T h e Pal-our politics or social condition. It is the element " motto Flag" and " T h e Banner of Christ," of Liberty,' and in Mobile can conceive of noup tie whole matter in controversy as half of ing trouble. This element of negro slavery not flags, Bibles and bayonets, the sword of steel it; for giving up half renders.inevitable the sur- only conflicts with the democratic idea by strip-^ and the sword of the spirit are mixed in a kind render of the residue. We can make no new ping the negro population of all rights whatso- of ecclesiastico-military hash, which must haveCompromue line? That secured to. the South all territory adapted, by soil and climate, to its " peculiar institution."Comments oy The Tribune.the regulation pattern.Gentlemen before com-order—tho impudence, for instance, of an Irish patriot like John Mitchel, who in Dublin would pour vitriol upon the heads of the enemiesaccording to the Rector of St. Luke's, should our view, is this—The Free States will not -be tion' only, and that the smaller portion, of the wave side by side. Sueh a sermon we neverI. The very first point to be established, inof .negro slavery, confined exclusively to a por-bullied, li they can be, we may as well give States, that has given occasion to all the exist- read before. Prayer and powder and Palmetto colored and parti-colored, who shall work forADAMS'S EXPRESS COMPANY make collections compromise that will be more bindiug or conclu- ever; at the same time it paralyzes and degrades been as hot as ginger in the mouth of the Rev.him for nothing all their days, except a peck of corn per week and ten dollars' worth of clothing annually. W e suppose that when the first Mitchel was made, there was put into him ninejiiOUbtry. A revenue tariff, from 20 to 2d per cent, imposed onthe products of the North aa well as upon those of other foreign ^r countries, would be a talismanic power that would almoxt work miracles. Under its intlueuce all the energies of our own peoplewould be called out, aud the capital and labor of the North andof Europe would come to Virginia for profitable eiuployao-nt.Our, waterfalls, uow running to waste, would become a or*ativ»power of i»e8timsble value: our iron audcoal, now slumberingin their mountain bads, would be brouthttnto immediate re^ui- sitivn; our ports would bristlo with the ma»U of Northern ship-ping, whose owuers would settle among us aa citizens aud regis-ter their ships under our laws. W e should uo longer be tributaryto Northern citiesj for foreign merchandise, whioh would be brought directly to our own ports in exchange for products ofour soil. The only apprehension is xlwi w e should be too pros- perous. The rush of foreign mid Northern merchants and arti- sanstogetunderthewingofourprotectionwouldbesogreatthat many .apprehend we should make Virginia a Norrhera colony, aud that our institutions would be no safer in their keep-ing than in that of the Northern States. I have uo apprehension oiithis subject. W e had uo trouble in the South so long as wehud a majority in the Federal Government, aud. with the politi-cal power in our hands, the immigrants would soon become accommodated to our habits nnd institutions."oa all oitlee and town*. East, West. South, and South-west.DERBY'S COMBINATION BANK LOCK.Missouri; yet that Compromise, which was whatever may be the! letter of constitutions and It east be thoroughly and satisfactorily explained to any one in effected by an almost unanimous vote of the laws, it creates a narrow aristocracy, which, in(Patented May 18, 1&60.)The strongest, simplest, and most durable LOOK in the world.'else; and the proportion has held good in all his descendants, whether the name be spelled with an e or an v ever since."draw bibles J ground arms ! engage in prayer !"If we bad the Rev. Christopher P . Gadsen in nah or Charleston for a week or two past hassive than that which secured the Admission of the great mass of the white population; so that, Christopher. It is very much as if a drill-ser- parts of impudence to one part of everythingnext quarter of a century. everything its own way. Not content to rule at Now it seems to us that any parley with the home, this slaveholding aristocracy now under-Every steamer that has returned from Savau-Disunionists on our part—any talk of "negotia- takes to dictate to the other States also, not a safe place,- where wo were_sure that he would-t i o n s " while they talk only of arms—-must be merely their laws and their Presidential candi- suicidal. What are we to negotiate about? dates, but even their opinions on questions ofnot, if worsted in the argument, send for some-brought back a number of steerage passengers,who were either positively and peremptorily sentSlavery triumph?No one.Then why should•..*'.:•*rvo . 'fcer, t' CKCUJ at iu:. . M« Tirgr; cw.i v *:^:. . ri 'ir1^'to separate from the Union.the incompatibility of Slavery with the well- working of a.Government based on democratic principles, but it would be very far from proving,experiment. Whatever happened to the Slavo- holding States*after this separation, in the broad extent of the Free Labor States the experiment" 'in their little nests agree.' To be sure Dr.That might prove" Athanasius ? ; Was there ever such a Rev-" erend Christopher ? Do you know what"war is? War is misery, want, murder, rape,Untitled DocumentWhen that biggest of all legislative blunders, botbjmkfuL''i W 1 T'HE Th6 M« . ihe newsiis still da In its pr<* morning i ibe -resusa jnay be <the Fugitive Slave act, received t h e votes of Con-—We are Bure that neither the eminent'sa- gress and the signature of the President, those gacity nor tjie fragrant piety of our incompara- 1. The North never agreed to run any such line. tender-hearted clergymen who preached and ble Mayor is fairly exhibited in this passage.III. The restoration of the Missouri line seems to us exceedingly objectionable on several grounds:Seven-eighths of "the -Northern People, with theirL e t us endeavor gently to remind him of a fewprayed against it wore denounced in certainquarters, sanctified or unsanctified, as porverters things for which the people of our City shouldmetto Patriots from the following incendiary text: " Render therefore unto Caesar (i. e. to the Em-•other Pacific Representatives, will hold a meeting, with a view to issuing a joint address to their constituents, urging a separategeant should appear at morning parade with a surplice half concealing his uniform, and should"Reverend Sir, you know all this as well as the James Adger, also from Charleston last "we do. Are you not ashamed of yourself,Of course this way of doing things would notsuit South Carolina or Alabama. We fear that . Mr. Newton will find himself just as much troubled by violent political controversies in his new Utopia as in the Union which now exists. Per- haps even the "irrepressible conflict" might pur-sue him there. What would he say to the pro- posal to reopen the African slave-trade, for in- stance XWe do not know all the candidates for Alder-men now before the people of this City; but w« i do know Isaac Dayton, and if he should over bo found voting for Japanese swindles, or Law- . Fern- jobs, or anything of the aort, wo ahal, bo f" Rev. C. P. G. ! What would St. Augustine, if " here, say to you ? Or St. Gregory the Great ?. •Ho . Ulan* ' new*.f• •'"M r- forth" n o tto mention St.Cyril, St.Chrysostom,St.vhere from Savannah on the 13th inst., brought "Isaac Watts was a DisHenter, but it is a toler- twenty-four cabin passengers, one half of whomwrites from Richmond on the 24th as follows:of each of those States, as between Lincoln and Douglas in California, and Lincoln and Breckin- rige in Oregon, is exceedingly close. Lincoln is ahead in the returns from each State, however,est'Christian duty..Consideringallthis,wearesorrytosay, sultfromacontinuanceintheUnion.Theirprime, animating highlyprobablethat eachStatehasgoneforas engaged in trying a great experiment, involv- Reverend Christopher P . Gadsen, Rector of St. controlling influence In it. This you may rest assured of./higher state of earthly bliss and prosperity than the ownership of a hundred men and women,week, brought back thirty-two steerage passen- gers, sent back by the Mayor; the steamer Augusta, from Savannah the same day, had twenty steerage passengers and three in the cabin, who were compelled to return North by the authorities'or the Vigilance Committee-of\%return. The people of the entire Pacific coasti•fhimself i;.-lief for '; grese, w • from aclreceipt*Xnandr.; duce tfli <>n accoi tnore th loan wa©utstautas th«- r . • -\ not c<">ni - fceen co.' . in coin, niand, » andmot• heavy, r desiring times $T h e ' S *debtedn . may.be< «3i*burai' lie otnc< cient m the mill bers, til; relief b; • * thori7'X orTr^a. not bt?!w*; ers infor fcp - and.ta. Gomrr*f_ credi;,,y TariffThe ; are * ; York. office!<• point! month• To the.V Thei •.'. report* •;' >i can be'at the .;-.. Bvti *• ea») Io their Lconcur.!Whiteien :h< 'to th<;•• fr£cr*K V, .thi-m f Afiai) www.fultonhistory.com 