 VOL. IX-^RO. a8I«. I'llFROM WAfi£BS9OT0N. TkeNEW-YORK, FRIDAY, BEBRDARY 10, 1860.ceivedbytheooatiaotetalaftallafallalatmfordam- suchchangesortmprovementaasmayhedeeaMdd^ asnopeacanportray,andnodaguerreotyperepro- sincethefbrmatlonofoweoverameat. Itlaawell-PRICE Two^eei^- NEWS BY TELECH^BHIL-lUtm;^una« qoianrnss of the bocss. •lalm for damages.Phelps, Stevens, Waahbum ot Me., MiUaaa, MosrlU, -deleely the multitude may bray against him for ihe tion as to^y the petty tyrant In matters which lie deserriag of ooasais.it feaias la appariBaatafta- ~«it)*j|ifli•fdamagea.Ha did 'hoi know the In the assigneesooaslderatians of remitted Expediency beingtionhasbeeafeltaadappreciated.AL6ERINE."ur^ ^^ifkklV ,flM«ibrt<oviolate airaagementt made bfeartificates.Tha eoatraeten had boiroaredMR. FORNEY'S INTENTIONS." Occasional," the Washington correspondent ofFrapased Express ftai* I«aTeawai«h tl"' Saeraaeau.TWTi1g»^*»«l-*'«'—'i aad adis a riace.Stewart of Pennsyivaala,within Ihe shadow ofthe Presidentialback almost palace, strength-t* <h« *Mr-Tork Thin^^conftlctIs bothgenerous and adder-like, to sting the haad which was raised to vote. AlltheAB>etieaii4crush himt The true secret, however, of that pro- found relish which has been so widely felt for Mr. FoaaxT's eastigation, may be found in causes wMch IStapattk M|dvM«!b.tkm*teT,nb.,fcitoapreaaiblela DcniBS' soccese. 'Tka aanooneeaient of the Standing Committeesgars ^m (o naek dlasaHsfaetloB among those whodedlyto the animal as Szwazd to the type, belongsa man fit to represent the people of afor oSee is greater thaa was erei \)t- Iam^finm.iiitt9, Erezr ottMor man cMmatobasaBsaamremcBt to sne in the Conrts of the United States.Mr. Bslticx, to reduce the compensation ofto eight dollars per day, and re-;ByUMBbers ofduce and regulate the mileage.of the lasta was Congress, provisoCongressremaining four years more quietly occupied in those itedenergetic efforts of both companies.By Mr. Rxtsdlsb, for the improvement of the navi- gation of the Hudson River at and near Albany.Also for the eiecUon of a poet-office, custom-house aad court building at Albany.Joan CocBSjin presented a petition of BssjAunf PaioB and a thousand others for the freedom of the publle lands to actual settlers.Printer, that Congress should not befrom reducing the rates and regulating the mode and;in for opportunities the $7,000.:The insuranre will notkttoBHMwmPottle, Winilow, WUsop, Curry, Sedgwick, Barri* of MarylaiKt, and Schwartz.bahever in the Union and its permanence—one who the indignity offered to the nation by the selection ofof State toToaon his election, was eosrect Saratal mmim%^ssajwt»>—adampmrnlnantCoasmittees. He««b Monday.kins, Hamilton, Blair.Blalae FaBtlea. DOUGLAS SSLBOATBa TO CHABLaaiOaBABooa, Maine, Fats, % Tacrsday,Biilli lafl TTiainiia aiiiii seasi e is their ooaassala«• ttMlpaaket fcr IgBwrlM Texas, but Mr. PiMzm- «sHMed not to anvedate their sarailtr.Mma/oeftms—Messrs. Adams of Massachusetis,tBumm.recatTed at the French LegatiOB as- ilftadata»aoa of H.Haaciaaa in Emafia tillhumiliatingConvention, by vots rsspsuUish—ai^pilihi'sam whatheregardstheinsultthus putuponhis dignity.Ifcj^ ConhtSaanaas stfll remains in Paris.Ibw AmsMB AsBiea any intention or wish to paaknad. B«axpaetitolemainwherehaIs.Tha leslgnatlep of Hop. &*«. Sum, CnMlsslnn»-&^^ff"" I of a mianndentaBdlng with the 8ecret«||f of tta latador. The resignation of Hr. Bissau ^fa it-MkataA to tha same cause. CoLFeisaT^TioleBt speechBarksdale, Moriis of Pennsylvania, Branch, Boyee, Mills, Hill and Humphrey.Jt»oi«(i«niiry Pensjoiw—Messrs. Pepper, Verrle,Dr. Gvni has had a curious, not to say romantic hls- tory—his name still standing on the books of our Government with an unsettled balance figuring oppo-ries particularly Indorsing the AdminlstiatlI ofthe Land Office,is said to bebythan of affection. Nevertheless heerful posiUon with the Prttident, and being chiefly allied to such gentlemen as Sahdil F. BcTTxawozTB and Wh, M. Baowsa of the ConstUutiaiL, the Doctororgan,President Be- •ABiK seems to be highly relished by a large majoii-Paltats—Messrs. Millward, Stewart of Maryland, has never failed to obtain his fuU share ofneeded only the calumnies and curses of the Presi- dent's own organ to crown the column of the vlnalcationof the editor of ne Press; for when the President determined make a hisLas*iane»stnat^ by Josxfb Rifxa, and eeenpieabr FacL Taaa-ly afAsBoose of RefreseataUTCS.Q.ery,punishallwho,likehimself,would notagainstBurham, Nlblack and Frank.recogni- little more—In the distribution of patronage aiul federal resources. Whether he canownedwasFrom the Asaooiated Prsaa. WsaaDKHea, Tborstej, Feb. 9.Jones, Howard, Babbitt and Faster. some doubt at right and proper that he should employ the basest in-The Mends of the Frenchshould not proceed to this business. Mr. SaniuH, as a reason lor hisiftlngr—Messrs. Asbmore. Tan Wyck, Loomls, said he Hardeman, and Roblnsoa (of Illinois.EngToetng-Messrs. Adraln. Covode and Maelay.bfll are determined to press its passage attheearUeatpractl-This is bat the beginning of a flood of peUtioas of a and tmllar character. city,a petition of the Chamber of Com- BMree of New-Yora for the tabulation of the annualno facilities to execute the he work,can the various ranks, touchingCommittees of theAJte, presenteddepartment, Department.— the mill for (2,000 In the Tolland Mutual; If so, ito( eT the UidTenitysales ,aad tlie capital employed in, and the annualculturalMr. SiivmsoH, of Kentucky, (Dem.,) presented thea In which out of makes, with the North American's. $1,000 on the mill.of the commerce of the United States, to be included in the census of 1880.Be also gave notice of his intention to introduce a bill to simplify and arrange the revenue laws,SENATE.WasHnoTOr, Thursday, Feb. 9.The Senate met at 1 o'clock.to iaquire into the expediency of further leglslatioa for the prevention of violence and crime on board our marahaat marine.of thehundred amongst his fellows siblyearausgstheone of their means of political corruption, wliich theMr. I.iai, of Oregon, (Dem.,) presented a petition la tesar of tha Homestead bUl.to ills support. In 18i6 (beVHS CI.ERK AND THE PREBIDBNT. were, on Saturday, discharged from custody. They is much rej<dclng over these ereats. ", were the two oflSi^rs brought into this port on boardBpdiationgastine task set before them In a ;It was word. right",*».,«JSP ^.i^l liJUi'^y^srw. nOa friMiu larlTltecea«Mi|^i«d[ itUttnir atteapt to hara It forced on matter. The Postasaatar-eeneral had a right to Issue•eema never to have had a doubt on the subiect, and one who can stand up for Justice to the bitter end, allto thethe most notoriously- infamous paper published in Ihe cotmtry to be the organ of sn American Administra-abelUi^BtM kB iadapcndcat pnpotltlon. bat tb«sinta, Gooclu WaMroa, Clark of Mlponrl, Case, Tal-declared thatthey were autborizad to ny lhM4a *Caucus nomi- nated the gentleman from Ohio (Fouxrr,) for Printer, Mr, Srana, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) introduced bnt the Indiana delegation, including Mr. Col-N Mr. TasMTMl, of New-Jersey,patitloo la Utrot of the freedom of public lands.Tha leaolotion to print fifteen thoasand copies of the agrt^nttual portion of the Patent Office report waa iikaa up aad adopted.Nea-Arrlral af theHautAX, Thnnday, Fsb. t.There are yet no.aigns of the Boyal Mail statB ship Canada, now twelve days out from LiverpooLFatal AAay ia Bfeaspbts.A rBOniKINT CITIZZK SHOT IS TOI STSZKT.A la—hittnii olinad by Mr. FnaMmca, of Ala- bamar(Daa,,)to plat ten thonsand extra copies ofthe report of tte Patent Office on arts and mannfac- tobeing"no partyland. France, and the United States, for thetarcs, oecadonad a debate, and was voted down.of the castlgator, an<l whatever may ix said as to the with the Honorable Blank taste or expediency of such exhibitions, the popularMwhich Indicated her nationality, there was a letter A Sheriff Taoaas B. Utiaxt. Tbe AasMa .Ms. Davia, of Ider. Carried.Mlsiinippl,(Dem.,) moved to reeon-fiiendly InterpositlanBlank for the ai^Intment of some younger brotherInstructloneonboard,showingthat theywereactingunder authority. The above officers were thereforethere no to them discharged, )>eing authority regardas carrying on the slave trade under the laws of theMr. Davu ofcred an amendment to aand extra eoplee.Hr. of Wasoic,amendment that a sufficient number be nish (we copy to each patentee.two thou- offered ancousin to the office of Deputyant Doorkeeper. The poverty of the native popula- tion is brought out Into strong relief, and we have aprint Massachusetts, (Rep.,)orthirty-secondAssist-Mr. Smiioas, of Rhode Island, (Rep.,) moved to rafcr the matter to the Committee on Patents,served Mr. Wzsi and Mr, Mtbait la i _near the edge of the sidawalk. Aftertime, Mr. GoLnauoaa, Mr. Baewa, aad' Ifaa ^ .who were witnesses, besrd Mr. Wan aaya certain thing (the nature sC wMr'were unable to hear) "was not so, aadasserted it was a Uar." Mr, MraAR replied ttat bethe House, so that the work may be done by him.which has converted the staunchest and most valuable filct," and nominating Batss, of Missouri, the earnest friends of Mr. BccnAXAS into bitter and uncom- and active men of that party, who move under the ia- promising enemies. Had Mr. Buchahak been the flusace of principle, appear to have become man he was generally supposed to be before hs was more decided in the resolve either to have placed in a position which afforded ample scope for or a Democrat as the next Presi- the display of the peculiar Idiosynciacles of his aa- dent They say that the issue of faith must ture,the Lecompton episode might have been enactedwithout causing so much as a ripple on the surface of personal friendships, or alienating from him, a^ it has undoubtedly done, the esteem, and regard of all good men. But Mr. Bcchakaii had no sooner s'^aledsaid "it was so," when Mr. Wzsa called him aHe hoped the Senators on thla side would sit them out.Siaat the North, and the importance of doing something d—d liar." Upon this, Mr. Mthait struck Mr. WasaMr. SumsB saidUs own moUves than of his (Simmoss) votes andto the record of the TWrty-fourth Congresselection(Dem.,) presented awould employ one who was here Dring him from a distant portion of thethe Senator had no right to im-printedto fur-may seem to have been prompted by anything but striking commentary on those threats which an- worthv motives ; but those who, like me,are thorough- nounced that the Union would be dissolved In case a ly familiar wltti the past history of both Individuals, Republican were elected Speaker. must look upon the terrible Invectives of last Friday While the mere political Republicans seem all in night as tbe Inevitable result of that perfidious policySsvAznIn reference to the vessel itself, the United States Dlstrict-.^ttomey will await the Instructions of the Department at Washington.A SlCmiT ClBCCLAK BBOUGHT TO LiGHT.—The Cincinnati Commercial publishes the annexed circular, copies of which have t>een received in that City :Nxw-Yozx, Dae 1, 1859. The alarming progress of Abolition sentimentsGoLDSzaosain his store, aad after OaGentleman on the either In his personal or political association, could other side keep up the discussion to prevent Ithe pas- harejustified'hlmin his allusions. But as the gen- saga of the resolution till the election of a Printer by tleman had seen fit to refer to what he (Coltaz) did in a previous Congress in justification of what he (Mr. Stamtok) Intended to do now, he wished fll the facts to be laid before the House. Mr. Colfax then tumad to show pote motives. The Senator was a better judge of that he repeatedly voted for Mr. Follitt. Finding itMr. Ci,kT, ofAlabama, (Dem.)—" Con- favor of talOng down the flag of Irrepressiblewas morally and politically impossible to elect him, he voted for Mr. Dzrasss, after having learned thata candidate. Be men- tioned other circumstances in this connection in Justi- stataaeBt. An important document which had been fication of his course. He asked Mr. Stabto*, if hisbe put on trial before the country;back a Mr. Wxeb saidattUsjoaetaraOfdniaai. The Senators on the alike.other side wereipace. was a coward, aad dara aat when Mr. Mtsatt raised his pistoL ThoaaMr. Fnon, of Indiana, (Dem.,) wished to make aIn the haads of the Printing Committee fortime had BOtbaen reported. Tols hostiuty was in-:belief would prevalent tlmt Willlau H. Szw- species of popish Idea of infallibility, and astonished ly prepare a list of Democrats whose address Is at way, and did not see the firing bnt_favorite had been then spoken here as he had to-day ?Mr. BTAJiToa that his repliedrangements to do the worktill the elec- tow's friend owned no officetion of a Printer.' The Senator from Alabama well Mr. Sta!ito!c replied, he had contracted to havetended to allow the Senator's friends to nettle quarrel aaooag themselves, but they intended toupon him as the embodiment of all moral excellen-cies, by the animosity he exhibited towards everyConflict hero, but the attempt shall be made, with a man who ventured to question the policy of his Democrats thus] —are determined defer the tobe it known. Is a destroy every Individual who had the temerityinches long, and extending to tha sMHLsaid what their motires deny it,and Senators dare notpointedly illustrated in the case of Mr. Foavxr, than whom a more devoted friend or zealous championcal Democratic Association.Rooms, Lafarge Ho'ise, Broadway, New-York. *a" Direct your answer to the of thepublicationIiere.work done on his own presses.Mr.party prejudice.Sawaan, then,and discretion to prepare the list judiciously."m^ 1Ihe pavement, the back put afbtofibd was ditbflkeep Senators on thatcount and responsibility."A. D." This circular Is sent to: "a longnominated wouldappear 5 our post office, by fillingthe blankthe moment a shot was heard, and Mr. up'on op'^po- lo the pavement. The ball from the pistol 1theircandidate himself,DoceLASIt Is not an easy task to describe the Irrepressibledesignate, if possible, who are Douglas andIt up tili the end of the session.side coatradict their speeches by their votes. They Mr. Colfax was understood to say that Mr. Stab-are,:In Mr. Wzaai failing,said Mr. Mr.SuHoashadnotalludedtothePrintingCom- apracticalprinter for thirtyyears, asages, aad that tha coalractors only sbauld receive the taterest. Stzperoeat., he said, waaaotsufleicBttoslrahla.The Baase again refused o reeond the demaad forduce with full justice.In conversation, Mr. SzwAxn presents a strikingknown fact, for Instaaee, that the newspaper eater- prise called the Frets, started by CoL Foaan when he found hlnuelf " whistled off and lat down theThe EDBTWIKTiai DAYUpaythe previous question by '3 against 83.nuilHHTO BB OTBBATTtD. »», by refuing tntareat to aaaigBaea, is pro- opeis these eertUteatea, aad needed funds to take them Oa Elsctima—Hessn. Gilmer, Davis, Campbell, eoartesy Is vtry captivating and ;cOeioiuBeM as tlta fait of the Seaata, Xf to ireveat thaai tnm being sold.Mr. Sana asked wha had ever heard of a peraon who vielatad a eoatraet affixing the measure of dam- agealreactedcertainlyBoyee. Marston, Stevanaon, Gartreil, Shattoa and the Republican ranks could be pat forward who wonldLxAvzaaossB, Thnisday, Feb. t.«kllatt*]a«<l8or«]oblaKtiia release from farter4sBaa(« ea fejnaeat of tiz per eeat. U stlgmatlaed•*• kf the Senaton, as a aioiiatioaa swladla. Tka IIm amendment waaa«Bata a4joorsed orer till Kaada7,«tileh again post- TIm proviso that the iatetest be payable only toHcKnlghtCuimt—Messrs. Tsppaa, Hoard, McClemaad, Sly,Moore of Alabama, Walton, Maynard, Hala and HutchIns.command the same affection and personal respect,confidence on the Southern side of Masco and Dixon'sthe Philadelphia Press, (Col. FouBT's as follows:paper,)writesThe first to expressCalifornia wQl leasa lUa-of Ihe ratesdue lagald to rigid economy m the expenditures re-boMbd Powiaiu-^essrs.Florence, Stokes, Kellogg of Michigan, Hall, Brab- soa, aad Martin of Ohio.Jtoo^ and CsRoit—Messrs. Mallory, Morris, of Il- linois, Dunn, Singleton, Burroughs, Gorley, Mont- gomery, Rost snd Ferry.modiisiillasspaidpublicjusticea tenure which has in of the it moresupplantedtheConstuution, conductedprevloaa^uestian byagainst80.Messrs. md Grounds—tion—some thinkaburned last The fira 1 night.Exfend^tweiThcBeaaatary of War eaaaed an order to iaae to- He did not care a fig who was elected. Whoever Keaa, Stout, Barr, Love and Dawes.annlhilallngprinciplese'i-govern-eaklapadod.a man who, while Peoria, Illinois, werecapital destroyedby tre Kaaa to-day.eAaara of tha Amy. the President's s^nual message, give it due coDsld- Tha friends of Mr. Damaaa say that the remarks of eralion, and then go to work. Because certain gen-eyes—soft, excellent «hite teeth and redPosnian,Mr. Sxaaroa In the Hoase to-day will not in the leastSxpendituret in the Poalqffice D^parMKat-Messrs. Palmer, M artln of Virginia, Moore of Kentucky, Lan- drum and Stanton.Ion, Noell, Walton, Harris Joint Committee on thesleepy address, together with a rich, mellow voice, which rings In the ear sev- eral seconds after the actual soonds have ceaSed. He has shaved cheeks and rather a tendency to double-Be—as, and righting, drifted a wreck until Uw faUiinrla(his of election as Printer. prospectthey should delay the election of a Printer ene mo-Cettaa Mill Burnt in Coaaecticat.Correspondence ofthe Hartford Times, RocKViLUc, Thursday, Feb. 8, 1660.bacco, about IM laUes frost capsizedCs|ia^Jia«daaiageA moTement has alreadr been made for a Banhrnptment. Let the House elect somebody. the demand for the previous question.He renewedExvtndttitrts on the Public Buildings—Messrs. Bray-law, bat there is no promise of success.The Bouse would ha*« adjourned to-day untilf, bnt iiof their desire to act on the Senate's I to the Post-cdice bill to-morrow.of and Nelson. Virginia,and apression over all that he says and does, as if he had manufacture of cottonthe notices in the House of RepresentatlTesany gentlemanindicate that it would? Heopposedperpetualpay homagetinguished, with little damage—quantity beiag;of lateatlon to tatrodnce bills, are the following:tha election now, for the reason that it Is a matterof notoriety that the pay for the printing amounts tofrom one hiudred to two or three hundred thousanddollars. This was a grand corruption, and to be usedand Theaker.The President's annual Message was then read.On motion of Mr. SBzaaAn it was referred to the the requirements of our covintry during the past dozen bpfn entirely put out, but burning undiscoveredBy Mj. SixTXsa, of Washliut<m Territory, for the Meaeea at Pagat'a Soaad aad the entraace ta Colum- bia Rirer.By Mr. BmoHAX, for nullifying all legislation in New-Mexico, legalizing or establishing Slarery.By Mr. Faans, for the settlement of the claims of the officers of the BerolutlonaiT Army, and granting penstons to the soldiers of the war of 1 812,By Mr. Orsao, to provide a temporary goremmetitfor Ailsna, and to create the office of aral.HcKTuhashadandstroyed. The fire originated in one of tha pickers. PosTSCXiPT.—The fire in BiAny's mill not havingSurveyor-Gen-By Mr. Oiov, to permit the creditors of the Govem- pricessignalized.The Trial ofHazlett, the lasnrgeat.the at rates which will afford no suchMr. SHCsain reminded his colieague of the fact thatat theattachea to the motion to proceed to the election of amaimer ofHe now ad-Senate of making himself familiar with those greatfinancial Interests which have already received so employmentmuch aid through his industry. tween the anddedbeginningto theI'he mill was insured in the North -American, Hart-the this to his motion.political opponentsusingpublic printing asthat the loss will beexecutingpublic printing.for thepresenL~Mr. Staktoic replied, that at the last Congress the gentleman elected Printer was not a resident of thistee on Pilvate Land Claims,engineThere Is a good deal of bitterness here in Reoubli chine out of the engine-house, aud was considerablydefence.The Board of Managementthe South met to-day. Five Bishops were pi sisnl- The charter granted by the Tennesaee Legislatu*havingmade an arrangement for its sale and barter, that he mightpocketthespoils. He(Staittoii)hadtalkedon the stump and elsewhere, and had attributed to his[Our correspondent thinks there was a policy onNzw-OBLBiaafWadaeadar,Feb. t.memorial of Jakxb S. CaisHAa, contesting the seat ofMr. AsDMBoir, of Kentucky.Mr. HuOHZs the memorial of Wa G. Haz- presentedaisoif, contesting the seat of Mr. Davis, of Maryland. Both memorials were referred to the Committee onElections.The Bouse then adjourned.AFFAIBS AT WASHINGTON.a resolution instructing the Committee on Commerce tax, from the two last and on the final ballot, Portraits of Presidential Candidates.— Speaker- TBK VATXS DISCBAKGED rROU CUSTODT—DISPOSI-was details.and a Committee __^^to appointed atTaageRepublicans condemned. He withed to place himself in a position not to have these things hurled back on himwhenhenexttookthestump. Hewasopposed toanelectionundersuchcircumstances. Hebusiness on next Monday.The Democrats are now The Slaver at Cfaarleatoa.AlabaaaaMoneaiczBT, Wednesday,repeat- ed, he desired to prevent the plundering of the pub- lic treasury, and appealed to his party friends to comeTIOK or TBI TCSSCL. fVomf*< Ckarlesfn Courier, Feb. 7.voted for Mr. Dzraxxs against tliat nominee. Whatever obligation rested on party men rested atA JaatUcatlaa af Col. Foraey's Boeeat Attack pan the White Beaae.WAsaiKoioz, Tuesday, Feb. 7, 1660.lb Ike Editor of the Nne- Vsrl: Times Notwithstanding the tlireats and admonitions ofof being engaged The first mate, Pxdzo OiAmr. made a full state-'-"— — personal and political friotds, at histhat time on the Indiananow arraign him for not adhering to party discipline.SCHISM AMOHG THE EEFtTBLIC158, From Our Own Correspondent.chargedelegation, who should not If be wished to employ a mechanic, a carpenter, he:Confederacy, knowledge that the work was to be farmed out and used for political party purposes. They proposed now to put in nomination a gentle- man not a printer, and who has no means under hisWASBinaTOH, Tuesday,with the distinctAll healthy interest seemscargoslaves,seetheStandingC^ommitteesbeforeCongreEs besieged,ceipt of private letters Innumerable—all asking histhe vessel be regarded as piratical, for no though pa-Mr. Follitt declinedout the full par.y vote than any other candidate.State, the dissemination of-.person, and httnasli who gave astaa ponoe ofloer,beingshoot,"who witnessed the affair, happeningasiu Hisby a half-fledged British nobleman, has exploded In columns of editorial wrath upon Mr. Founi. This was to have been It neededa Prialer at this time. He wished to state why they ham and Allen.of which short reference may at any time be made to the private conversations of Senator EIsist Wiuok of Massachusetts.also right that these instruments should be so selected as that they might sympathetically perform the dls-only tS.OOO.EOTXL ASD BITILOIXSS AT nOIIA.CgniAae, Thnial ffsb.*. s;,The Beckwith House and five bd&iga famotion, desired to complete the organization of the House.Senator Hcmxa ofof just now as the Southern candidate for the Presi-when he raised his executive arm for the parpose ofRepublican.;he would neverpant of the White House by the newly elected Clerk of the House of Representatives has been the sub- ject of general remark since the memorable night ofcaptain snd supercargo, who were on shore makingand a.-— shoald receive the office would not be watched Exl>enditwrB in the Treasury Dtpartment Messrs.dency, Is a man of middle heightwithout a dark brownattacking that principle, is dally paying a tribute to the British Government, frem which no oath o{ natur- alizationczji morallysever him,and wiitchamount of inauraaoa not4*7, ta Hasmai Fooicbbt a Ttuna, «f BaUtaora,firaIvieai—briof Biedcb's patent breeah-loadlngaaiM^aa, bt aeeordaace with ealla of the Damerons el«|tod, and next elect a Chaplain. Then take up art of Pennsylvania, Larrabee, Tompkins, Cooper hall—very lank and straight dark brown(1,200by Loomls, Wells, Thomas and Train. sayonemerecloselythanhimself. LetaPrinterbe Quarles,;yetmr the BUwkItlemen may not be provided for, was no reason why ton, tlnderwood, Blsir, Hughes and Sherman.lips a suave and rather ;Mr. SuiiToa replied that theof the—Messrs. PeCtlt,chindrowsy ex-Mr. Tbomasout of the various factories, but Itelection of a Printer would not the delayLibrarytwme,took fire wasWednesdaypostponement;Bkadt's mill, in RockviUe, for thelegislativebusiness of the House for a moment or a day. Could 7<niil Committee onCommittee of the Whole on the State of the Union, the other side might stain their hands with it, he for ar.d ordered to be printed.and bis habits have been of aIpremeCourt,shot himselfsad - to-day, died Isslsallffor party purpoeea. However much gentlemen onyearskind, such as to commend him to continuance in his the main building. All the stock on hand, t)esidesia»»- 0?atmrrttt .9»4Ht »««#S jwfllg-c'nl^eoatrast 10 the ideals formed of him by those whoOn) motfon of Mr. Snaaia the election of a take their fancy images from the daUy Presa, Noth. wind to prey at fortune," failed toHarylaad f B|Ma|,|,Mflita^ jAvs—Messrs. Stanton, Curtia, BuAvglaa, <Mia, McRaa, Peadlaton. Loag^aehai aae Boleler. JStUe, _landlgham aMAihlcy. —onfonnded, bnt the >~—— *'fif25°5.'TM* CoB^ttsa."^^fa4<ian ilAirs—Messrs.Woodson, Farnsworth, Clark of New-York, Scott, Leach of Michigan, Edwards and Aldrich.faithful in the extreme, aitd laboriously cognizant of every personal obligation—one who never forgets Ills Indebtedness for a moment, and who Is alwaysstrong in the panoply of an almost spontaneous in- dorsement, in the face of a consistent and manly re-North ^Carolina, Adraln, Jnnain, Babbitt, Delano, aad Leach of North Carolina.Resolved, That we Indorse 0» ClDclBaati 1tbe resolutions ofthe Mataw nisli riiiiiialhaiiflCialgeofReagaa, Fenton, Foster, Sickles, heldPvblieBvHHngtTrain, Beale,to testofown treach- Low,MePberscm andKeitt, Peyton.partiallynated in the centre building which waa <Etherldge,Burroughs,in tkt State Bepartrnml—Meeat, Mia-Virginia,talked well built and full,the consecrated Dient, he should bring to thisofCarey,than when that man comes twenty years,laaha%;!,->.' r resolution was slso adoptsd-i,- 1.'*Ju£ci»Tt Messrs. Biekaan, Bingham, Houston, lower order of minds In his own Taylor. Nelson, Kellogg of Dllaols, Kaynolda, Robin- party.withstanding, was a^nlntsd.Amoney son of Rhode Island, and ftVker. philosophic, gtntle-biooded man, his old-fishlooedSxpendiXvreMintha WarD«por»m«a—Messrs.Stew- ion feeInres of the Pocahontas form ;:long,darkagaiaatthe American Colonies revolted when Great Britain refused to allow the people of those Colaaies the right to form and legulate their laatitatiaas la ttteir ownway.Wreck1»tirom. Tkanday,-and MorriU. —Expendttvrea in tkt Navy Department Messrs. Hat- womanly and genial;Adams of Massachusetts, and Pugh. JVmting—ktn and Dimmick.Joint Committee on Enrolled Bids-Messrs. Davidsonto on Morpheus,speedily ex- only a few bales of cotton waste and a small of stock de-one wished to repudiate It entirely. It was the du'.yof the House, and of the Republican Party, sharing Mr. Fabhsttosth of Illinois, (Rep.,) was, at his own Hx^ST A. Mr. HcNTza have t)een able twen left to watch tbe premises, but the fir^ burst outThepcoi 2Sth, via Queenstown 29th ult, has not yet beaalargely in the responsitiillty of the legislation, before they elect a Printer, to pass a resolution or law fixingmightanew so that all efforts to check It suddenly wereunavailing untll the engines arrived. In nine min- utes. No. 2, notwithstanding the distance and theWisz,request, excused from serving on the Committee on to carry the Virginia delegation, and then wouldIndian Affairs. have loomed up quite formidably as the strongest-ACoomilttee to wait on Gov. HiOKS topisxe on the 4tb ofent mall route to SaltSocrsoa's road direct to SaerasBcato prtetora are ctmfident of resdlag >aaiisSenatorfor damages, and be reeelpted for accordingly, was ruff, English, Adams of Kentucky, Alley, Davis of G«i> of California—an immense, large.boned, white- indifferent he may be to his own interests, he will be line will be thoroughly organized,'wUtiMfinalactionofthe astheHouseiseer- eantraetorsthemselves,andbeinftall ofallclaims bill,andPost-raads—Messrs.Colfoz,Wood- The-reverseofSiwazsinpaaes talBtodlsagMe.Pbtt-iifflcaMississippi, Craig of Missouri, Helmlck and Lee.everythingdays, and before the 1st of Jane, bf tthea adopted by Yeas M, Nays 13.All the ameadments made yesterday in Committeeheaded manwithstrong aquilinefeatures a ;largevigilantIn thoseofthe and protecting (Government,vigorous in enforcing the discipline of the gentlemen coLsected with him.(Valley, in six days &aa LearTV* eleoUea of Printer was postponed in theHoaaa, la caaceqnence of the dissatisfaction wltii theOTWf^s atfttr*""" SoMia RepubUeaas are detar-BlBcd to resist Ihe lalnesoe of Waan and Wianuin the anaageaent, aad doubts are bow expreased as Mr. Cuaaasa, of North Carolina, (Dam.J moved Ptithc;wereto.Aa amendment was offered by Mr. Taoaas, of Geor-shaved clieekstha Ajwaiv Jsczsoa typeagreedThis would San Franciseo bringgia, (Dem.,) totally aboashlng the f>an|lafl5irivllage.at4( ;Ed- enhrgies. On the whole, a man belonging as deci-ineight days the proprietors eatlatate that tharto Iz the time for the 10th of ApffLMr. Tsaaaa accepted the aaMBdaMnt, wherenpoothe siiisadiiiiii aras agreed to by Yeas gl, Nays 21.nw MU than passed, and the Senate adjourned till 'JEajMnditares—Messrs.Haskln, Palmer,by Yeas 17, Nays 12.Covode, Davis of Indiana, Trimble, Vandever, Wias- Ibw and Barrett.clean handsto discharge the duties of the place, and to adminis- ter its various functions, as to prove that, howeverspoils. Mr. RiAOAH of Texas, (Dem.,) was excused from rival to DoroLAS. But as are—with his mud. was playing three streams on the fire Judge thingshe havehad made ar- oa his own ac-servlngon the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,as on it he could be of no earthly service to his con-stituents. The interests of Texas had been disre- belles lettresCHAIU.X8T0VII, Va., Thursday,pursuits, prevented garded in the matter of assigning her Representa- tached and will have furthertives 10 places on Committees,Mr. IlAan.io:< (Dem.,) the colleague of Mr. RzA-OAM, was also excused from serving on the Commit-the loss.for similar reasons.Mr. HcoHzs, of Maryland, (Dem..) asked, but failed to obtain, leave to introduce a bill to establish an ad- to be called the Agri-bruised, his arm dislocated at the elbow and consia- House, Coavm, of Ohio, complains that he has erably mangled.mTbe Baathera PaWeraltf.ditional Executivebeen overslaughed, and not recognized at his full weight complaint ninety-nine everyFeb. 18S0. 7,to have died out here since the election of Spoaker, and notUng is left but the miserable scramble of miserable men for office.aad tliat SzWAia, from his extreme convictions, would be more likely t«^j*iH*-*r-»*#.4*«tv.r* jt*»«*tha damages stwtabMd by the faUuro of the Gov-aiamaat to pay Hs dtbta, lijaitlee waa also doaethe assign nTtT azatadtnghim from rcoelvtng, becauseany hid bengbt eaidteates, with the onderstandlngthat they should get the latarast. It was too small a The Speaker announced the Standing Committees podllona. He is one of those who can afford to wait his ostracizing course towards every Individual who In the MBlTbad House of "-'-fimii tn ihw. im—am aiupport Prtater was then postpoaed tlU Monday, by Ayaa, lOSj lag ean be sweeter or more philoaophle than his tone commensurate with Its merit, la aenseqlMBee of tbe Noes not counted. —nothing calmer than his statement of poliUeal pro- hostility of the Chief Magistrate of the natfaai, aadIIBM.HiiferriltfafttflnAiigUtheBiU. feastnessforthaSenatetoencagaIn. asfollows: forthejusticeofhiitory,andwhocontinueswitha hadtherashnesstopatronizethatconcern. Isitto olatiaMwm.adaiilad"~'^wrtBntheeoBaafSmm'^Mr.Bnns,ofTligWa,(I>aa„)saidtheeootraet- BTAioniioooMiirmzsorthxhoubi. highaadclearlUthintheultimatesuccessofwhat bewondered,then,whenthehigbestofficialperson-PaoaHMM^BanT:WaaKlUni ia rettBg for Mr.ors eoald deeiiaa to^aalve the ialerest,aad file a Wty and McaiM—Messrs. Sherman, Davis of Md., h«f believes to be truth—no matter how loudly or age in the land descertds so low from his lofty posi- foT8p«afetiof(hsHaasao(-Bapcaasalatt*aBas^aat, ^sFlMtda, (Dem.,) MFSd to strike ottt the linaa (Mb( jik interaat to^Ek contiraetors<ml*. -*"«-•_ OBI7.A kae dshate sanad.hua, of CaUignMli (Dem.,) hoped the Gorara-liDaMaat ifc^ Ma aagaaaaaaaia with naoMra. TheaMtMtalhai^d in tha PrasMaMal eleettoa.Mr. Pvaa, of Ohio, (Dem.) said six per eent. was tte regi^ar interest as debts, and the correct measureand Uae. Very tolerant of different and very should haveMr. of MAixoaT,Crawford, Spanldlng.OMaaurce—Messrs. Washbnme of Illlaoi^^ "^flipiJohn Coehraae, Elliot, Smith of North GMBhi, Morehead, Lamar, Nbtoo aad Claaeni.opinions, scorned to interfere with, that the victim sentlmanis of tha paopla of tha aaMsa-MlBlb Ska -oi Ubcral in all mstters touching religious faith, our of such a system of annoyance and perseeutian turned, resobitions were adoptad «Mk .fect.aM 4|pMflW«^)gentlemanjast la all private reiationa—fond, in 'moderation, of BDOial enjoyments, and never so much at lu>me aa vhen laughing privately with extreme Southern menfltvmi J/iitrt—Messrs, Morris of Maine, Boeo^, over their public quarrels. He is a firm and hearty will fully develop in my next, showing to what extent newspaper statement that he had anas a» -,»—»«»Tirnlartu—Mosrs. Grow, Pernr, Smith of Ttr-Washington to coagratotata Mr. fmmS^ '^"fiMic Lttndt—Merars. Thayer, Lovejoy, Cobb, in him the social elements of next to ss he left it in 189«, with an unspotted record andApril,and wlU raa- 'Messrs. Bur- Carter, Kiigore,JDrstrtcts/'CalKnMs—nett, Rice, Oamett, Coskliog, Pryor, Edgerton, and Anderson of Kentucky.wart on the right side of his nose small ;Rtvohaittuur Claims—Messrs. Briggs,Vance, J<ckson, Duell, Dejametts, Holman ana Fen-anda chin square and indicative of resistless animaldoing Injusticeton.mondsoB, KlUlnger, Somes, Hindman, Wood, Clap-have to [accomidish a mavtmnin speed of nrttaa eightanhour. Theyaredeterminedtoeffectfliia,aal«eton and Fouke.intellcetual ;managed case with rare skiilhundred choice horses ta already on the route.-'"nt.——Privaxe Land Clown Messrs. Washburn 6f Wls- fnmtlar and onethreeceasin, Clark, B. Cochrane, Avery, Kenyon, Haw-aria ofthethe little Senator from New-York stands beyond him In the elimlnaUon and support of abstract theories.the residentAiidersoo ofMissouri, Boullgny andpoliticlaB,stands as fsroeyondSzvazd, asmorepopulation, general rejoicing.Ferry,Coz,; lips straightline. Ifltwereaotforhispoliticalheresies,hehas largest strength,Judge DocoLAB, possessed by any man in the country.Mr. FoxszT'B ambition is to leave the Clerkship'^';Washington, including no event hu ever tnqured I leave to others the com- ment which this result must suggest. I will not lift the veil before the heart of Jamzs DcoQABAa, as he:It would bepassion- not express to his thousands of friends andwHUa a waak'lr com'moidcatlon of New-York. To peilemi ib^U^gray eyes a narrow but powerful forehead, ofin Carsonwho,in the lower and more directand success, in the of Citypurcliasing to the stockHOUSE OF REPRESENTATTVES WasnaoToa, Thursday, Feb. •.of Ohio, (Bep.,) moved that theItr.i||il|*lfAK,to tha election of a Printer, and de- Bureb snd Grow.pravioiu question.Mr. BaBB»T, of Kentuek y, (Dem.,) moved thatSiere ba a call of the House, which was agreed to. On aaMoaof Mr. HoABS,of New-York, (Rep.,) it waa raaitaad that the Committee on Public Expen' dltaraa dwild iaquire into the expenses for the print- lag of te House, and report at an early day suchquire, aM that they have power to examine witnes- ses and report at any time.The Hanse refused to second the demand for thea vote of 74Mr. Srajnca, of Ohio, (Rep.,) requested that thissubjeet be passed over for the present. He did notthink that any good could come out-of the election of Aceotmts—Messrs, Spinner, Kunkel, Blake, Gra- InvolvlBg present, and for the solution stiomentsto give vent to his oiaiigmty, and it was $150,000, were saved {7 the steam firswilliag to sacrifice his largest pecuniary Interests,site thereto;and his present seat in the Senatebeing threatpow-and the Administration of Mr. Booaaaaa.corpulency:havingcomplex-;inclinatioo toall posslbleaud impossible occasions. As Chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means in the Senate, Mr.;at aquarter before 12,anddestroyed at>out halfoflargethoroagb acquaintanceThe question of printing the usual extra number ofcopies was referred to the Committee on Printing. raid, and the consequent insane popularity given to from tbe effects of the fire and water. Four m n hadNoD-Arriral af tbe Caasidla. Halivah, Thursday, Feb. 9—8 P, M.;occupiesagenerous,no man in BOW TBS FSISIDIKT MOABOS BIB XLICnOH, AC.and toJtmtMl aad Dnfnitktd BusntMs—Messrs. Logan, permanently hold his place In politics, is a question consent loan act of unparalleled treachery. It was Both wings, which contained maehlaarrwho Is so much;Seranton. McQueen, Leake, Moore ofFrench, Dimn.Rtggs and McKean. AgrimJtan—Messra. Butterfiekl,Wnght,—Mthtia Messrs. Tompkins, Irvine, Jenkins, Web-ster, Queries, Ruffin, Weils, Packer and Simms.Fornga .i^airs- Messrs Corwln, Borltasgame, when satisfied that strict equity is against his claim. It is related of him that, when he heard tbe decision Qon waa adopted, as a suhstitnta for a mlsalU ijKentucky,Whiteley, Brlstow, Aldrich,In their these Sena- perseaal characters, moreover,sees the man whom he has andproscribed oersecated,•tore present the most striking contrast—GviN belong-ing to the rough-and-ready school of those wiio arewHllBg to "take all the chances ;" while Siwazd is ened in bis position at his own iiome, and mideThe Democratictriet assembled here to-day, aad afto- aa wmm^amt-test, HzBzr A. Wrasji, of Skowhegaa, aad C^n*^ Bk jAazsoir, of Oldtown, tbe rmmtumtf^ oi a^ Sovereignty men, were. elected Delagatas Charleston a"and the own State against him—Mr. HcirrrBhas a prospect of rescuing of any part of the property must be accred-to which he has become at-ford, for $2,(K)0the slock and machinery In the Etna probaoly coverThe Court thea ad-concur. There isbreak out when the House reassembles for actual postscript is probably later.]willa storm breeding on the subject, which may very pos- trifling, but our correspondent'sthat thedoes not rest on them, and areof theI,e(tBlsaare>The Mobile Bank bill, and the BaHwaySi^sincerely gladshipdition to enjoy and foment the grievances of theirenemtea.^_______|the 3d inst. With theof a fewfawnlixgresponsibility exactlyin a con-Feb.(t.exceptionand forto the Trl- Partite of Treaty Eng-who archis hotel, waylaid on the Avenue and placed in re- dent DccuAKAH, the prevailing sentiment is In favor lux the cliaige broufjht against them. Neither cancontrol for executing the work. He believed the time Every one who is on speaking tenns with a member parasitesforanelectionhadnotyetcome. Hebadacuriositythe election was gon* into. Ha wanted to know how they were con- Mituted, and waa aware of no reason why they should not be aimoimeed in advance of the election. He hoped his colleague would consent to a postpone- ment, so that they might ail see where this thing wasto end.Mr. CotrAX, of Indiana, (Rep.,) said no person could have been more surprised than liimself at the uncalled-for and tmprovoked attack of the gentleman from Ohio. Nothing he had done to that gentleman,paid pampered swearingis sup- no act of Oon-Mr. Jakes L. Wxbb, one of the oldest aad esteemed citizens of Memphis, Tenn., whot an active part in all pubilc enterprises W^ been undertaken there for the last twaaty ]of is button-holed lo the lobbies of that black Is wtilte in tbe Executive career of Presi-pression of the Slave-trade, theregrc-«5 uj-der wliich these parlies can be prosecutediHr. WuB bad bean eoBT«BtaK Bzxoza, who oeeaplca tbsstora at ttssand Union streets, upon the sabjaet ofathe farmer desiring Ihe latter toverdict Is—"-Served him To those who are right."not intiaiately acquainted with the personal charac- ter of Joan W. FoairxT, this unsparing application of'the lash to the friend of his youth and early manhoodUnited States, andwas of a piratical character.to show that thevesselNOBODY.PlDBO first andAmtohioFbK- scriptionsndAttachmentbill,havebringThere is good political judgment in this argumentand, despite all that can be done to the contrary, the tbe giddy heights of power than he was seized with a In order to effect this, you are requested to careful- in a range with the pistol, got outAxn will be tlie candidate opposed to Sixphis A. sjl his former adherents, who had been went to look siteupColfax, resuming,mittee. "When he brought a man for the job U w»«id lisher and editor, and Is as weU calculated to super- ant with a nose after the Wellington pattern Mr, Foaaar has received support and counteuanca Post-office.";be time his motion.moUves. Helnsl*don refer to the Committee an PatentsIntend theexecution of printing as anyA and aaxkMB anted largeaatheredat the •«>"*«enough toimputelives on this person who Continent. The genUeman from OhioDbath bt BuKKmo—Friday, Feb. 3, at about 12 P. JL, the house of JohnThomoUon tosaid he was muchsurprised at his political associateseyes—your correspondent has encountered. They are pecu-in them. Thesethe unswerving fidelity with whiclkhe has advocatedthe cause of favored son, under the Pennsylvania'smost and te the detri- trying dreiunstances, frequentlyeanjad lata the store 'x«"P'f'aif7te,rJa»aii!tdt SiiiiH*Cow.wtaremiiquest was shortlynt, wa.^debatedat i^tOBctaliar blue eyes, with an electric gleam eyes are shaded under long gray hornsfire. When Ihe flames were first seen the neighbors assem-byCotsawBDiWB.fxam VeDeanoI*- ..,„length by Messrs. ua, Ct^^MOS, Datis. Prrgj, and others.pataatea-ww agreed to. Mr.:DiTia' aaeodment wasThePoat-slEeeDe»ciencybill reporlod to (be Senate.eyebrows,foqad the door fastened. Ksaa himself was outside the building, while his wife was tnslda. AAiradopted, and the resolntkm was adopted by Yeas 34, N«vb 24the brigbut he (Colfax) would be the last man to make Han- chargewithoutthefactstoproveItKiaa, at Jeanesvllle, was discovered on Penn.,was taken up and pointmentlarea dreadfulthe Thirty-sixth Congress, with the proviso that the lookman upon a bad, her arms sadlacsbwnt ofl;«ra« kaS•CAnlLLO TOontheconditionthusCommittee be appointed to examine the law in rela-tatlon. Bothhimaadhisstats. .r.ni u reoorti that OB the daythe town.^^ be eaiioaDsFixas has been well as pub-withathickdrUtof face,grayhaira long, pleasneverfollowed the fortunesofapoliticalleader. IfSecretary Association, "R. G. Hoaroa, Box l,2iS New-Yorktook him to jaiL Mr. Mnun keeper of Mr. WsBB.was formerlybook-addhigwhich never allows onethi EmrBUO-rciBT* BT ATTAOim.covered shaved cheeks;;In the next national struggle. greatPleasewho Anti-Douglas men, and mark the most activePost- zealMr.small man, about five feet seven inches in height to differ from him on questions of public policy, was By order of the Executive Cuiiimittee of the Radi- the top of his head, and, framaBMrianieaalafaithfulness te the eye wUch mtut make up for any course. This malignity of purpose In seeking tolegs which seem to an immensely tall headoffice,and you the Association willyour rely upon yourhead upon a stone by wblew-^ bsbbh pier,a nervous and thin bend under his light weighta nervous mouth, and large blue from Mr. Bccuajcau during ills chequered political ca- small,withfigure— ;contused. Mr.MraAnrsfiBeBd'hfoldstal abestlr'Ihe most difficult te t>e described of any which reer, he has repaid the favor with ten-fold interest bythePbobabli Mubdbb. On body was *;• "SSJofbled andMr. SBiaMAH modified his motion, byThe aaMdment to famish one copy to each the House now proceed to the election of a Printer of a chance to examine tlielr true algnificance. They public honors. And yet, in spite of long years of eer- the door was burst iqpea she was discorerad Maa mmxiaa cmroinoit or" Thatspace—they may sea proper—the Printer receiving the ap- rest of the face Is' smooth aa the skin of an applement of more and acceptable candidates for and have a shifting expression, popularlook into the fatore, vlcei aad peraonal attachment, such as nomodify the existing law as while }ou are trying vaialy to rivet them. All the ever received since the days of diivalry, noaooaer tied round her neck In such a way as ta iaAasa tha ^.rthe ..Tarof lintoset forth, and that a but, when jou approach the eyes, theout bat (he body nnhiinnNL A belief that she was murdered. KnaBoose retain the right to beyond youpobllehBwUnMkMiST. B. from Puerto CabeUo, wetha W^^^idjsjuiiedid thispresume to vindicate lo hlmaeif the possession of aahasahadrJSz. wlfoaia&OB*-^*^^^^eailU-reqnlted nntrammeled will tiian he wasof an knight BngradousMtanar,:";and In this It will be his so doing studydidsympa- thizers. In his own State and else irhere, that hishastriumph been received here with almost unireraalEven those who have persecuted him most glIettaesrulryec.oncede to him uncommon abilities, and con- fess that he has his ownafter his unselfish for more hsring accepted friendsliipConvention for tha Fi&Ii Bto-fusal to makeof the House as to the Clerkship, he broke out into a torrent of invective, using terms not the most polite, snd showing how true it is to have, as Braoi) expres-ses it. " a former friend for the affection of foe," yearssoon being lost in the acerbity and bitterueis that haveMr. Bccbahas I is,and 1 18, out of 198 votes.Tbe t fsBosriaggreat blandneis of manner,Messrs. Curley, Has- been a luitlve-bom resident of Sleepy Hollow, with a night, about 6 !4 oH:lock, just as the hands were let captain and tlie steward, RioHAsn Caana,patientlywithlaborious among the cotton waste, suddenly broke out againHad it not been for the Jotm Brown a of the waspresent post. greater part machlnerr, nearly ruinedSome or thirty fortyNo doubts are en- tertained as to the convietlon of the prisoner, as tbs testimony given tills morning was unforoiaUs ta ttahands will be out of Mr. J. P. PiLKinOTon. a fireman, was caught be-sel time to illsprepare argument.to Mr. Foasav If Icommittals.told, extremely Indignant atexpected.but this to complete the poetic sequel. ItA FACTOBT IH PBTLADCLmiA. PaiLABzLrHiA, Tharsdv, Fsbi.l>The cotton and woolen mill onthe doorway in taking the ma-Mr. Holt, the insurance agent, writes to the Etna_ OzANZS, mate, ameitded. Tha House vriU eaaear. SASSXz, third male, of the Spanish t>rlg Delicia, slightlythe Deiicia, in charge of Ueut. R. M. McAzah, of the United States ship ConsteU4Uion, reported in the Cuuner of the 2d inst. As there stated, tne DeUeiM was taken as a prize near Kabenda, Lower Guinea, with a crew of fifteen men, on athe Herald, the flagellation administered to the occu- ment t>efore Commissioner Eqlzbtoic, and con- fessed tlmt they were awaiting the signals of theCat. Faraey HmiaaJsid PaiLAnBLraiA, niuraday, Fsb. 9,Col. FOBBXT waa serenaded, to-night, by Us,nothingj customer was csUad away by S^in the slave trade.Washington-square..the for a ptellminary negaiiationsofwhen they were discovered by the Constellation, The DeUcia, however, being a Spanish vessel, her crew all Spaniards, and the Spanish Goverimientpers, colors or name were founa upon the vessel,shot dead in the street, on the su"cceedingdayaanatsatheeircaaalBMSa«|M4iMl:to check It bv the time the next Presideatialtakes place, has Induced the formation of an Associ- ation In New-York, called the " Radical Democratic Association," whose object la to act in concert with the Democratic National Association at Washington, In the canvass of eachAntl-.^bolition documents, and in a thorough orjtanl- zatlon of the Democratic Party in the North.in the face with his fist A slight scuiSe easaed, iawhich to be to danad Mr. Wsss appeared tryinghimself, and, in fact, was retreating, whtai Mr. Mr- BATi drew a Colt's repeater from his peckat aadpage.just below the right temple, between tbacheek bone and articulation ofthe jaw,]and lodging in the base of the brMa^'alone atstanUy.—kilSng ta a wsy h7",SSS««iits measures:accepted,-...,.• i.-thsy liver dispatches at the terminus of toe *-1 fifteen minutes, retumiBd to tha dear,steppedthat "he (Mthati)', •*.^."-1«<«<•-'BsicnuBs, Tfaandar, Fab. t.Lake,sadftaaoe hy Cl^.Faklk The brig Eliza Grieve, Capt. Joior TIWWIWI,of with a of ioer Newfoundland, cargo pork, s^dja-Monday, 29th, when her crew were takeasCby -' steamer iVorU Briltaa, 60 miles soothaastofr Island. The crew conaisled of IS mea, •( 1drowned.SaleMalalBaaaasBa^ TkoMiqriAkk'^ Edwabd DowLfBO, a former eleik of tiiaBi-mailRoyal steamship Canada, from livar-_Feb. 9. The testimony for the defence in the case ofHaslztt was closed to-day.journed until 10 o'clock to-morrow, to gtve the eooa-ow tkayMa1iast,that at:.;' wrinkled and chmnsled aad aarvons, puckered,like a branded«j»TMA*a>eadment that six per eeat. taterest should be re- they report thereon, with the least practicable delay, a perpetual chaage of sentiment aadpercep'Jon, ssch ttens, foeh aa have never orertaken a public man eentlylatbePlttabwshJ^ 8halMdhMte!m^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Mr. of Misaonrl, Sana,(Dem.,) opposed the tion to printing and tha prices paid therefor, and thatwinking snd sontractlng, opening and flashing,withmalefactor,andfenwle opiniB-estar, JoJh Fbimm. d^•«.Untitlseonatry is inedDocumentwww.fultonhistory.compursuedsubjected to a series of petty persecu- 