 ••IB Mad too Central American problem with groat .ore and discretion. Heace the motion of Mr. Halo to ra-thevotebywhichthoNlcaraguantreatywasre theirpresentsflaioa concerningtheBOBships by oar naval forcesWassmwrran, March 28,1800. f&s lYw* ssBBjBf eftitsJkesntsM o/tae SiBaragumTnat^—to their only alternative for the safety of their "peculiar The example cf Mr. Cobb will be followed in the Con- sumed and amerted that he never entertained Institutions -their evacuation of the Territories of the vention by every ether Southern Presidental candidate, the idea that the tohsbilsnls or peopte ef any IsBmlmeyHoBS w P o 1ThePetals• *» * ^"' And why thould theynotcontinue tamtideofcould be justified into our Minister Borland, how willrages or the usurping Mirimotify the movemest of a body ofStates troops mto the Msxtean capital at thto without standing upon furtherquite possible that General Scott may beservice again before many -tie Mormons.^^^aH^^^n-W^*The M-«*1» from .^tala Hifl Legs.His AnBwers t o t h e Interpella- tions of Other Members,«eUtod this »"•«**»?•£ did be BOW"'-these and the who 6«**Fimpossibility of nominating Mr Douglas * J ^ y * , » e ; enatief the heme which to thus proseBted bet-veen Mr. Douglss and hto anti Uoesspton Meociatm ^ > n g r e s s on the one side, and the admmtotraiton on the other.Messrs Hickman^Hartm and Adrain, are the par-X j e c t to prove that toe President corruptly approached certaintocorruptlblemembers of Congress to reference to the passage of the Lseompton Constitution. Upon thto noun the Illinois Douglaa delegation of toe House are to some extent committed against the President: for, toueb- teg thto Lseompton Consti.ution, Mr. Morris of Illinois, for example, use been, at the last Congress and during thepresent, exceedingly fret to Bit denunciations ef Mr. Bn* » . ,iwe* » -* » •Twop» la the lio Grand*.priae. ttto aocompliahod s n i the nanaberlee* sinecures abottabed, and too aliment of nraltttodot of oar jawern- ment difllcultieo will novo departed. Largo salarW and expected plunder, m tho way of jobs, are the induce- ment* for eompetttion by all aorta of bribery and trickeryteryJvtsolwd inflte QuetUm-Oxmter Movement* on theDtnu'cra/ic S\de—An Interesting Istue—A Wit Printing The special mereage of the President to the House to-on&aaanrtoaa par'f. with It*B hiwtth the Mexican question, and they are dieposed to vernment and pubhe morale greatly benawiterl.of As Jlrsf Ballot *4 iTitoTssaw TISII Thtfi it Jsati ,eto- ^Tera Cras. Tbe repablioans, tn tact, are varyTorn Ckns, Tno republicans, in met, are vwy a n mJrtst Lame'i Reception—The President a*d Ou OovocUen Territories; and as it is a plan which would more qiiet-w keep Mexico in the background; but the democracy, aware of their advantages m bringing it into the foreground, willCcmmitUe—The True theory of Hit Case—Italian MarUely and more speedily dispose of this Mormon excrenenoebe very apt to bring it before the people in a shape »o pel pable ss to make it eelipse the free homestead and allfor the Cwpwel Otstowto, ate. 'The true cause of the rejection of the Nlcaraguan treatyupon our body politic than any other scheme, It is to be hoped that it will be adopted, partMoJarly as the Polyga- my Abolition bill of the House Judiciary Committee will« | for etgn birthof assumed ignorance.Why baa modern r bat by ream ofi«jformidable, And how and support of baJaaoe-The Nicaragua, treaty will hardly i t The grand we» ef KB Thftyer and Francis P. Blair,Nkarag" •**< the Central American States ft place refuge for the rree negroes of these Unitedhas become almost a Bote} principle of the republican paeudo party. Thev have two great objects tn view in thto tbing-eret, a practical plan of negro phi ten-adopted. Mr. Curtis, the re solution, which w uResolved, That the road shall smrtfimatw. So^xrwimrr^ *w^^.i?2Mr^river.a^2Jto auoooeoo m -.sre.»tber*oiio,..dJ b r n T u T a a d e r ^ ^££oeo\ alaSSTo^rU, "»"»«•' 1 ^ ^ . ^of unttotit«\i resources tn all raatertelas a first tia-a Power among tfaaaafr— of tie earth. X b r t e j ^ f r o . a%%mdfrom the Presidente>thatbodfmW,wlUBneetl»^sn^ct of ««**^£re becauseofaninsultby oneofttsrabblenooouiio.No oonaiderabie number or pertona will eooteni that oar for to5£eT-The^rreideni- ef government has provej afatture.ftndym»»- S 2 T ! o P *%t Ft «WortloMyy to desosnd «t," which denote die- Ogam iseiBSBtii 111 naiwar, are they not traeee'>ie lav!ediawiy or remotely to to* las C M < * J " * £ ? T ! f •odo*d by unreetraiaed personal ambttionr f t * ta-were propootoded, • Whateverto maybe**m&m*??*- wont I for Uwirown peproduced tnixaUonofIsUidueedthe , adverse th, betIV , M M of aspirants£»*•*»•*•Sct^o. o f X WUmoay will show that neither the Preet- - of tho Cabinet bad bis totegrlsy ir his digrnry towered by the slightest oompUdiy m ^VransWttonT of those whose quarrels ovsr the profit,have led to the present dwcMeures.sjiassi SU.RBIX ran rat oarrrai. counties.The Cemmsttee of the Jenato ->n Public Buildings have onder eoMidemiou the expediency of repealing the Is w requiring the use of American marble In the structure of the CspMoi. in order to sobstttue Italian marble columns for ire portico.Now, the President and every member of the Oabim* are to favor of the American marble, and the &««remjyof War has issued an order to that effect; but to set astde tint order and subsume foreign labor and materialfor Amerl- oan,» retort to legislation to made by parties intormtodlft« system of refigteo end <*«*• trance, auperiaduced by partisan watngrAbcnorable pcmtio j? Mot byalready engendered—'jor byanyradicaichangeinappareutaims " f d*«gne. foTfew wodw be wi.lmg woc*0o..le<ige that K e y X to subvert t h o - inatitutmn. under which UtoBut let all who are people bevrr, ao glortooaiy f»oaparod.' Bat let aU wr~a little, and allow iotweddei to self destruction bead a Httle, M lThe•My of eoattas* d strife, and widening the' hayo thatthe p egttanl sarttos to whteh theyare ettsaheders programme of ft great Bonthsre Shareholding Con ederacy, stretching from the Chesapeake to Panama, andTV CkargM »s»tort n»wtisjl»s»r badem * » great a p r a m * of sail, aid agreeito)* MBit a job the Hmuii) to looked to. as the organ of American for ssffty during tho pending Mom. inatoaa of Bofaio, meobssrirs and interests over foreign oontractors and Owmvai.orpSlsdolpbmplatforms,lotthestmpk,oonaU- speculators,sadwelotsBOtimeinapprisingyouofwhatand welter that the result will dnmoseof the tost romsja> toghopeoftheateteJnattonofMr.fJouglMft!ChftrtostomWASirmoToie, March 20, I860.Polyiamy bus absorbed the attcBUoa of the Hmse a series of speech* s. all of wbtoh have been eamahwwaal! the unfortnnate Mormons away off to UwhTwawf7aaVi»S tern Is organized under another name, wtthto the aft Jti- of the Capitol. The Committee on PobhTtiasBan^I will soon investigate the subfcet of ths expendnarTl? pubhc moneys in Utah, JudgeCrodelbangh^aateae already subpanaed. ^ ^ ~ " ^Surveyor B B Bart, af New York, was sattmnaef some days since to appear before (he Oovode I e v e e S ,asTMtiiaryrasa' fore the committee to-day. The fitta writing giving reasons why heto theforMr. Butterworth testified that he sentdistrict to defeat hie teu fca*kaiPolygamy crowded from her stool tedsy. will be the next subject in ordleor when t1he fornawai to nag af the may. Polygamy will p toBmrrwwJa debate and be voted upon .tutwo of the United Stttea ana the decisions of. Ue )«dl- ciary »nder It be toe platform for a oonstttottdhal party rmiyng cry. Then lot legislators be made to pledge a reduction of all ftdcrai salaries and emMumeuis of effloetppsjtM. «« tke kpBtltean* ta K»dilg at rates of ordinary family support upon frugal and eco- nomical princ plea, or to tho standard of private euter-toto the wind.Jfomon Potyoamy-rte aVpuNtean Houu BiU for Ut Sup-The project of a Pacific railroad has of a great practical question in both!TU Talk in the Capital on the (Juestioni forcffidalBiation. Until this can be effected, let legisla- in good round terms the Inflexible hostility of that petty tion sa to party or sectional questions remain as it Is, thatof Ae Day.ill feeling may have time to cool and die oatThe original thirteen Stales, all once slave, entered into a copartnership, the articles of which provided personal freedom and equal liberty, one with all, regarding their then universal condition. In their own time and manner,to'Hho^twmrellaofbarbftrtom.polyiftmy fttd 8ksre- ry." In that compaign, however, "bleediaf Ksnntt" so completely eclipsed "this "twin relks" of polygamy, that nothing was heard of It during the canvass. But new, Kansas being out of the way, Mormontom to brought 8sr- ward into the Presidential arena by the republicans to ft shape which strikes at the nicest Southern abstractions upon slavery, In the movement for the suppression of this"twin reiki" of polygamy.The bill of Mr. Nelson, (S. cjrp.) ef Tennessee, re-'fjSBJITflE PACH* BrVILllOAD SCHEME. and without interference from sister States, tho people of tho more northern abolished tho institution of slavery. Bat, like meddlesome neighbors m tho domestic affairs oftsii teasst, the ^ am* have tyen find J and toe nui sarheknt at*>* -* uses mere)ffljajtmre;TBE rBEnDENTUL COJTEST.others, a largo portion of tho people of those aboHUonixod Slates now assume the attitude of menacing hosttUty to the constitutional rights of their sisters of the South—demand- ing the right to curtail their privileges, their domestic re lationa, their powers and their honor. Such is tho attitude of all parties in the Northern States, except portions orTHE ADMISSION OF KANSAS.attended the exciting contest for the Speaker; but thto had i ust been bought by a dealer to the Mew Orisons The result of the "Connecticut election tetpeft- are forced into a sectional attitude because of the aggres Mr. Branch, of North Carolina, at once discovered what mesuge was a surprise. The people bad expected nothing market for $800, and was, withla a week, to be ticianshere to look about for newt l i__,_ iJ-|iiii-|uiri.ii-|in---ir*ii~ii ~ i "n'•*••— ' " "FerthceaiBfi leHriseitlie Pre- sruVntN Pretesting Message,some are so embittered that they oppose the whole peo- ple of tho North, while others of less excitable character, appreciate the bonest patriotism of tho conservative rfsssis. and would freely unite with thorn In any honor- ablemeasurestosoothetheexcitementengenderedby nnneigbboriy ssjSjsasstsns and bring the country back to Ho original esrfeam esvdsnie under the constitution.It is believed necessary, to order to attain thla high ob-ject, under existing circumstances, to organise a newtion of the absolute power of Congress over the "twin relic of barbariam," slavery. In recognizing the absolute power ovsr this subjsct of polygamy. This was a Grecian horse which Mr. Branch was not disposed to admit wttbin thewallsofTroy.Bethoughtthatthegreatevilcom- plained of might be met in two other different ways:—1. By the repeal of the act organizing tho Territory ef Utah.limited to the few hundreds drawn in by the ordinary pro- ceedings of the body.the reading of the message was listened to with pro- foundattention,although,fromoccasionalderisiveout- bursts of laughter from the republican side, they affected to regard it with something like contempt.perry of another master-and her children. The person thus applied to suggested that thla afferded * goodejpe for try tag the philanthropy of toe republi- cans. I h e y could raise the monsy if they would, and redeemthewoman.Thehintwasadopted,and"Sftm." a very likely fellow, was set to work. The result Is the complete success of the schema. The puiobsse money has been raised, W. H. Seward subscribing lfty dollars, J. W. Forney fifty, and other republicans and some demo crate in rums raagtog from twenty-five to five dollars,Charleston. Borne of the mostwho bare beea driving separate teams under UMtend of Hunter, BreckinridgeVDavis, Guthrie, Lane, r a n and others, have concentrated to day upoa Dtcklnsa * NewYork,andhavsdeterminedtomakethefighttoSm York State instead of Pennsylvania, to order to auu the contest more direct agaamt SewMr. Buchanan.ipecial care of the Mormons, as in the occupation of an as calling for the profoundest consideration and the ex- stored to her husband, and the republicans of Ooagress the republicans have hadanottoe served on thea ikat government as founded, with the determination to crush unorganized Territory, would be very troublesome; and ercite cf the greatest constitutional abilities. Wo have BO concerned will have at least the credit to thto thisg af the Indiana, New Jersey aad Pennsylvania delegaiei h)ported from the Judiciary Committee, and providing for JLesolt in tho democratic and old whig organ nations. But the positive suppression, by act of Congress, of this Mor- these elements of exception are In no condition mon nuisance of polygamy, and for pains and penalties asThe House Homestead bill waauplnthe_Oliver Cromwell waked up the "Long Parliament" of some ject, and the lobby will then haveto^waita little longer. as reported from the Committee oa Public Lanes"u^out every element of treason how extant in the country. Such a party would bo truly national, and could be, North as South, one of higher aims and purer motives than tte sectionalism of either secession or abolltionUm. What if it destroys all the present political organisations that are claimed to have tho integrity of tho constitution in view? Let the democratic, American and whig parties each and all fail and disband, at least for the time being, QumWon I** SiMe* Oaf—TSe Lait and enter the new organisation with one common sacred KUcti*u-T\e tadiet and tke IWDW e/ purpose of saving our government from the hand of the CMCw»For%-JleI«s* ami BA, ate. spoiler, and each will be the gainer to all material re-to attaching Utah to tome new Territory or Territories, the Mormons, from their superior numbers, would be still competent to rule the roast.doubt that the Judiciary Committee (opposition majority), to which the subject has been referred (Hickman chair- man), will make an early report, protesting against thtodoing aomsBattig bettor than their usual phuaataropto dodge of the underground railroad.WASHIHGTOX, April 1, I860.Chicago are not only opposed to Seward's n-mlnatsa totthat the republican delegates from Connecticut art theopposed to him. It seems to be settled tampancr,**men, will control the Chicago Cuavenbon. tat awamong the republicans, that success toCmmsohmsLmvaeC o r r e s p o n d e n c e . WAsavcmw, March M, 1880.There wss still another plan, however, by which this protest of the President, sad then we shall bare a debateOampe—»e RepilMcamtrouble might be reached. It was the return of Congress to thst policy by which the Territories were governed down to 18&6, the policy of allowing each Territory the power to elect only one branch of lta local Legislature, Congress providing for the other through the appointing 1nwer of the President. And this was the policy through which all the evils af Mormonism might be convenientlywhich will live to history as one of the most remarkable tn the annals of thto goveramentMr. Secretary Cobb's withdrawal from the list of as- pirants for the Charleston nomination gives rise to much speculation here among the politicians of all parties. Some say that Mr. Cobb has discovered that ho has no chance; some that, having taken his position as Secretary of the Treasury to opposition to the views of the President on the tariff question, Mr. Cobb has discovered that hto cwo nomination would be the abandonment of Pennsyl-of the desperate opposition they have met with, sum the Presidential Race—Attempt of the State* and Union ptoroduce an impolitic nomination to Chicago, septan*Identify Popular Statesmen in the "Popular Sooeretpnty" have produced a check upon Sewardtem la advance. Toware satisfied that without Pennsylvania, IndianQuagmire—Douglas and Hi* Platform—His Chance* atJersey and lUtooiB, they cannot go Into the WhiteHit Avaricious Propensities, dc , dcHon. Stephen A. Douglas, upon the principle, perhaps,that " misery loves company," has within the peat fort-night beea trying to do wonders. The States and Union way er the other. It chiefly grows out of " has published ft series of elaborate editorial articles, seri-ously attempting to show and to prove that such men at JosephLane,DanielS.Dickinson,HowellCobb,JohnC nonncedLaneasacoward,aadtoabrave Breckinridge, ef e l , are of Douglas' way of opinion touch- repeatedly faoed a shower of bullets without tog the owettto vtxata of popular, or, as the more elegantin phraseology have it, " squatter " sovereignty. Nor toit to be denied that a forced and strained construction orspeeches,totters,h e , ejtnaamtod and written by gentle-DinnerJPnvSyonflatJnsansBssMention—MissXenaeMi aim tie 9*esU— A Black Kevubiiem* Official IK*»er--vide th not far bis own household, is worse than an infi- But whea you go further, and assert that there far the atnansnlaai and moat wholesouled and harmonious del."resolute disposition to sustain the President, whiskiiaosllj of confining the approaching contest to two fHutiee— the "republican' and "democratic—"and that She people must make choice from the two svus, I thinkyon are merror.It is not yet too late, h* the true conservatism Of theoaB bo acted upon, for a formidable organisationgathering that have put their legs under the mahogany of the White House for some time.to support of Andrew Jackson, whea the old man sent to*is* *>.jf.« a n *of aflbrding you some suggestions to which yea «*<l»sa'#ps»j»lB»|»« BBwIBl, Igontots submitted to the soft collar of social esteem, and every one tried to show how agreeable ho could be, out of politics. Miss Lane's reception to day was met* numerously attended than usual by members of the Diplomatic Corps, and members of Congress and their families, as neither Bourn was In marten; and the saloons of Madame Slldell shone resplendently from one to half past five with all the beauty and chivalry, statesmen andTie friends of Mr. Douglas are moving besven and Covodes committee. As it is, the issue will be carried break ap the convention to a raw if they Bad they cannotThere was quite a sprinkling ef black republicans at an- other official dinner, which was given the day before tning his conduct to reference to "the removal of the de-dignided Foots (to wham Jefferson Davis paid so distin- guished a compliment while Foote was temporarily pre- siding in the Senate), and the jooose, though rather slouchy and slovenly Hale. It was one of the most successful banlution ;" and if Mr. Buchanan were now to the first, in-sits unevenly upon aBAFrom what I have heard and seen sines I toft Virginia, Douglas will not get a Southern veto in the convention. Prominent democrats all over the South declare they willThis, however, should have tho aidof the independent press, instead of quets ofthe season—so .ay the diners out. Political antasVfendt of Mr, Douglas. the expiration of his term, a satisfactory judgment from not support Douglas even should he get the nomination. the Bouse against these Star Chamber proceedings of Mr. The anti Douglas men think that Douglas' friends willm.Ike diopofU of prmt'.eg.*%?*!"%£^JSSSAMr. Seymour..shall be a boh from Uis favor of Mr. Doaglaa, New York will•''* er rather by the act ef-to-rn* »<*."? whatare called "leadingqnmiowr" cunningly froened a*to unite on such terms aa to make a victorious for a high criminal offence, against all parties In the Ter- combination against the abotttkmised sentiment controlled ritories of the United Stales guilty of polygamy, wasby the republicans. The people of tho entire Anuih—de-mocrats and Americano are thrown together in defenoo brought again Del ore the House this morning, and createdtwo hundred years ego- * * Bad thto bombshell been expected the galleries of theOn Semday a i m last aa attache of the New t o n s Senate bill being recommended aa a substitute 8« HBULD here was applied to by a tcaovotoat family af Wfikbnmn repudiated the Senate bill as a wortaJsaaa!of theirrightoas equals onder tho constitution, and thus a manifest sensation on the democratic side.sions of the anti slavery Northern States. The minds of he thought would be tantamount to a complete recogni-Utters by tho half bushel are received daily by apeeto. Bach a measure will servo to unite int > a com- reached without the assumption on the part of Congress, mon brotherhood all who would maintain our govern- of sny doubtiul expedients or disputed powers.the Democratic National Executive Committee, chiefly ment as it to, against those who would subvert it. Par- We agree with Mr. Clark, of Missouri, nevertheless,Among the most promin* talked ofare Bates, Wadefromdelegates,argmgthotransferoftheDemo-tieswouldthenbejustlytermed"institutional"andthatbyattachingUtahtosomeotherTerritorialgovern-vania,NewJersey,andallthemanufacturingStatestoMews from Kansas indicates that ths over toe BeaatorthJp to that Territory, BohtaaonaadGeneralLane,tolikelytoend-anti constitutional,'' which are equivalent to whig andlory. With the otmstUation as a party platform, it cer-tainly ought not to be difficult for democrats, whigs,Americans, or other conservatives, to unite to do battletheSoutherifire-eatersaredisposedtoentertainthesua- againstapartypledgedtorenderitsprovisionsinopera- onthewestflankofMormondemisthestillmorerapidlyadvance, and that, consequently, he retires gracefully from the field. But the troth Is that, while Mr Cobb considers the Convention a very doubtful lottery, he does not desire his name to stand in the way of the union of theGeorgiademocracy,andofthepartythroughoutthe South. In 1861 Mr. Cobb was elected as the Union party candidate of Georgia for Governor, to opposition to the Southern rights democracy, and they remember it In 1862 they were recognised as the taajrimste democratic party of the State in the Baltimore Convention, against the c'alms of toe Cobb democracy; hut the latter were gTactoosry recognized as good democrats, nevertheless,cratic Nattoaal Coavention from Charleston to BalU- aaore; but the commiUee sttok upon the question of tho expediency of sosnming the responsibility. Boms ofments, BormoBism may be "crushed out." For example, on the east side of Utah are the new populous Gentile settlements (30,000 men) of the Pike's Teak region, assum- ing the incipient form of the Territory of Jefferson; whilesen's ssawamssaf before the Senate Brownwherein be reflected severely upon Lane as havsst hat in the Brown revolution to Kansas. Robinson hat at,i*t this bws and cry for a change in a Douglas tive and void.It may be suggested to the conservative classes through-filling up region of Carson valley, which has assumed the preliminary organisation of the Territory of Nevada, The eastern territory in question overlaps the Territory of Utah, and the western ia almost entirely within lta boundaries. Thus the division of the Mormonit; and the committee wish to steer clear of aay ofthtokad. The National CommiUee will meetout the States, that lor general cooperation in this plan, in time for the coming Presidential election, they imme- diately initiate measures for State, oounty and town or-WAsm-varo*. April 8, ltftt the Connecticut meetion—the Xftetofihe Mom at Wma few days, sad they will most probably, Tor tho rea- ganizations, with a view to the selection of representa- settlements of Utah between these two new Ter- s w swggosted, iasue a circular declaringftojS thay coatlder tives to meet, say at Baltimore, on the Fourth of July next, ritories, by a line drawn through the centre ofantra ITnimulu of the•*• *-*-' " * * ^^^^^"^amatawejaasjejw t / / tsrwv sa^t^tJsVOBBssIor Stseard the Mem President—Views If *ht Douglas Democracy—Douglas Out ef As• kosuilmH tn nfciirr ** Wp " w»ffafc" the Con- All parties ooaceraad, therefore, far and near,dowelltomaketheirarrangementsaccordingly. republicans arefindingout their danger in connoe-to name a standard-bearer for the party. Then let this said settlements, would render the Mormons In each Ter- and thus the reunion of the Georgia democracy was se- men to the Interest ef Douglas, to years peat sad gone,conference select some other than an old political hack-, say such a mat u Hon. Edward Everett, whose character indicateshigheraimsthankm,shufflingparUaanship-> and I have no doabt bat ha can bo elected, and the go-WJSHWGTOK, March 38,1888. prcuion—The Qutttumof Congresticmal JurudicfMti-SUt-Plum of $50,M» to Tom Fbrd, sfe., efe.The Philadelphia republican platform of 1866 'eeuu-eaday created, instanter, a tremendous ssnsation. A bill had been introduced by Mr. Fenton providing for the set tlement of revolutionary claims, and covering tome three srfour millions of dollars; and ft bill from the Judiciary Committee had been reported covering are mlllioBS for the settlement of American claims arising from French spoliations upon our commerce prior to 1801, nag the bill for the admission of Kansas into the Union had also beea reported and briefly discussed, asm all without raising ft perceptible ripple upon the surface of the dead sea of the Bouse. It had settled down into the monotorous and drowsy routine ef an unlimited session, when the reading ofthe President's message "wftked up" theftJeepymem- bers of the body quite an eflbctuaUy as the apparition ef2. By attaching Utah to one or several other Territories. But be thought that there were difficulties to ths way ofThe excited and exciting discussion which followed to but the prelude to that which to to come. The Issue raised by the President is one of the highest moment. AHtheory that the republicans, elatedcut, will nominate the latter at Chicago, sylvanla desnocrats favor the nosamaUou efin at wrgULind Attack of the Opposition on party anon tho basis of a large charity as to antecedents, invitingintooneorganisationalltruesupportersofthoeitheroftheseexpedients.Inadoptingthefirst,thepartiesfeelHtobesaAlladmitit,andallrecogniseitfilledaptherequisition.Thewomaawillthusbere-theirpresentcandMstotorGovernor.Ontheothernut'United States enmane, bag and baggage. ThisplanofdividingouttheMonnensbetweenthenewthe mameat he to convinoed that he to ant the man for thecrisis.orthathestandatotttewayoftheharmonyof theparty. TheSorthorndemocracy,eventheextremest of the fire eaters, haVa laid aside, for the time, all their disunion and Southern Cenfoftersay notions, and are re- solved upon flthting this approachtog. battle of the Presi- dency for Southern righto within the Union, before enter- ing upon any deliberate movement for those righto with- out the Union. Hence the abandonment by the leaders In Congress of the Southern rights democracy of the pro-ofthefederalgovernmenthagthesameandequalstetus andrights,politically,withthetohobitanteorpeopleofa sovereign State. Nor did either Mr,Cobb, General Lane or Mr. Breckinridge at anypound the doctrine, or entertain thenumber cf men, from • hundred tocould "squat" upon the eminent domain of the "people ofsettttocthequssttoaofthesolidrotH theNorthfor theirpartytoNovember. ThetoeBdW W. B. Seward hotd that this prelimtotoary ten baukthe asaturance of htola dear before him. They my dm f, Helper, the "Irrepressible conflict, toe km"During assylai Ltoardo mm rap directed object w prejndic Hseaytaffair tlTerritorial governments, Is, we beUeve, tho special pet project of Mr. Green, Chairman of the Senate Committeeupon this wh.en it shall agaam^eeme op, <of the Sotahern Rights Democracy.of Southern trade, and the snooamkers'; stop trap exposianss of tho repnhiloan was jealousy of President Buchanan. The republican Se- not be allowed to pass the Senate by the controlling ject of a Convention of the Southern mates upon thto the United States," and "regulate their local and demos- rlmittts Bars fsllnit in rsinlmtoalss aaaef tawmasauThe recent little town elections of Pennsylvania, with democratic gains and majortttM, a n due, Here, to the tactics of the American oppo-ready dead; and the vote upon it will be a mere form, In which nobody now takes the slightest interest. Bach are the factious motives by which great measures of interna-from the vote of the House, 19 to 148, upon a motion to lay this bill of the Judiciary Committee on the table. The republicans are hot upon this trail for political capital. They know that almost any measure on the part of Con- gress for the abatement or this Mormon nuisance mould be approved by the American people, who do mom anxiously* desire the > uppressdoa or expulsion ef thisnators were determined that the administration should not have the eclat of a measure whose beneficence they well knew would be practically demonstrated before theSouthern wring of that body, because this abolition af po- lygamy may be construed as comprehending, asm, the power en the part of Congress to abolish or prohibit slavery in the Territories.question of Southern rights, originally proposed to be held in advance of the Presidential election by Governor Letcher,'of Virginia.Briefly, the South will make all reasonable sacrifices to unite the democracy to Charleston, except the nomination of Mr. Douglas. Upon that point they are prepared to risk, if necessary, not only the defeat, but the dissolution of the democracy;WaatooraTOK, March 80, I860.The President's Protest—Th* Republicans—Ik* Demo-cracy and their Response* otnjesnimg said Prmkmtic affairs to their own way," in contravention of the plain provisions of the constitution and the laws.In all the extracts which are given from the speeches oT each of the enforoed whtoaams put upoa the poMttoal stand by the next friend or Senator Douglas, it will be observed that distinct and positive recoguition is made af the con- stitution. It is contended and believed now, if nttatftay time heretofore, that a hundred, a thrums art, or aay num-ber of Inhabitants or people short of that number, whichlervativeof all the Northern States, and one of tin not dependant upoa Southern consumptton, then tot rrax batUe to decided in advance. They say further,latif with this pressure in Connecticut, resutohg frost tat kai of Southern trade, the democracy, with s4\th*a*nl appliancesofmoney, havefailedtoagainst the republicans, have we notat the aabasty, the unity aad resolute faTmme? tg republican party to wta this Presidential election.'Such are the views ofthe republican wtogof tot grem last night they were at first aaad there was iiaallirilli Iannlagfrom tho action of tho Hease en the Sickleslottoa sans, it is pretty evident that Sickles will gor the board, and there are some two or three otherseo.mcmdtag that of Barrett vs. Blair, of Missouri,men will, doubtless, be decided by the same rule of tably kill tho McLane Mexican treaty. It to, Indeed, al- polygamy wTJl be solved this session to highly probablePresidential electioa. The same pitiful reeling will inevi-That, tn some form or other, the problem of Mormond—a Matted with the entenU cordial* extotiag tional policy are defeated. A minority, reckisss of every- Gen. Cameron and W. U. Seward. We are told,democratic gains and majorities will be so thing except what may mortify tho Chief Magistrate, de-in October as to decide the question for feat thq party that support him, and promote their own scandalous ecclesiastic-political system of Utah TerritoryThe Homestead ami tariff Protection Schemes of would be sufficient to entitle them to formfor the whole country, should those premoni-Penasylvania be disregarded oy tho tory symneoms in PenalBtost party camp to behalf of tho nommnUoa , Convention of the tth of May, of John i and John Bell as their ultimatum to the repob- , la gaining strength from day to day. SeveraltsAelhfent membersIoif Baal third party now assure aai confident of the nomination of this old line ghat they are ^nft^^nI BelLi***. of McLean and 1On tho other side, we are informed thai tho naUoealSSSSSSSSBSSSRO ^ » ^m^m—* ^^v ^^^ •— •" i platform, so agreed upon in a caucus of thoselfish ends, thus dashes away the results of the laborsn segment of the Senate will be, first to make Hlcaragua a sort of province of England, as that dexterous tower will not be slow to wan herself of the advantages *iichoar Senatorial partisans have thrown away. Secondly, more outrages and insults to our fellow citirens engage', in aaywithout further trilling.the needful authority, has operated to enrich and strength- en the Mormons; while under the protection of Mormon juries they have committed, and continue to commit, the most infamous crimes of murder and terrorism with per- fect Impunity. The republican party, believing In the absolute power of Congress over them things, will push forwsrd their bill for the positive suppression of polygamy through a schedule of federal pains and pe- nalties; and if the democracy do not wish to lose ground among the people on thla subject, they must contend with at least equal earnestness for some measure wnlch indi- rectly will accomplish all that the republicans propose directly to do.a State and to one representative to Congross, have sot the "sovereignty," In their dependentand Inchoate condition, under the constitution the first reports si the hotels of large democratic ftm uthe Republicans for Political OapitaU-Th* Policy of t\*Democratic Party, not the Pennsylvania Balaam of m this eennection theimi ovement in tho eld line whlg- The consequences of thai factious conduct on the part or his appeal. The presence of the army, In the absence of Power, but Mao York or the Great West, ate.Chicago Convention.and anxieties of months.The Sc e-etary df War, in his annual report, calls loudly for the interposition of Congress, and the President sendsOntho otherside.; males 11j of tho Senate, will be acted upon us not carry through the most advantageous arrangunentsowaway. The right of the people to act to lift wholly nntouched, except that whatever they do must be done to accordance with the federal constitution—the supreme, paramount, fundamental law for the people of the Unittd States. And thto word "oeopto,"' to a Territory, involves• at They say,"* expected it. Connecticut is joined to her idols, wtsast dowithouther.Theresultthereshows,too,thatvt have little to expect from the manufacturing Stoma New Jersey ar Pennsylvania. Wo meat took to setem., em.,, and wiB be adopted with tho oonourronee of domncrallri Senator, excepting Mr. Douglas and Mr.on account of faction in one of its co-ordinate dapartuents,cannot expect the rights and privileges of its cltizeni is aappear to be muchWJSBOMRO*, March 15,1Mb. IBs PsWtetJ Veriest • / Ou Day—ivseasjit, far e ravenforeigntendtoberespectedbyrobber*andnmranfer*. ThePrinteroftheHousethismorningobtainedanicetherofcofGen.Jackson;butOldHickory'sbootsaretoothenecessaryelementofnumbers.What care these) Senatorial political tricksters about bat, little extra job of ten thousand extra copies of tho reports large." "Well, if he hadn't gone to crying about it, he But the States an* Union has noamount of aid and comfort from its motion tobuaincBS to that quarter.A government thav san-to the people to regulate domestic or State affairs In their i or State t~one hundred millions a year. Oa the democratic side thatTownotteeoftheschemeofthosewhoseeminto-soundonLecomptoo—butasthereireWnoladies,steFordwillgetsomething.ThtoItemof$60,000tosome- writings,ax.,toreferencetoDouglas'theoryof"thatwiththelossofConnecticuttheup a "balance of power party" has at- soon went off to the Opera, It was a snug eonfldsntial thing, but Si the voluminous reports which will be made will make the fur fly from the bank of His Majesty Kingpopular sovereignty. Ths difference to that they art to the East are gone; they mutt look toDoubtarns your views concerning of these indtvttoAto are correct, and that It will BMWlytoanorgniUx*tlontoseU(>uttothehlghe»tgathering, though a little bird whispered to me that at least two honorables had got in who have Douglas procli- vities, lfso.they did not show their colors on this occa- sion, and must have been much edified by the very do- elded animus in another direction, which inspired this, byby and by, from the various House committees of inves- tigation, we should not be surprised If jobs were cut out amounting to three timet fifty thousand dollars for theThe torn Uttte Giant is their only hope, rsettles the question that Seward or next President ef tab Catted States, togae aitbsOiarleutanClMTestftoa."On the other side, the Southern wing ofsay, "Wehavenotexpectedndifferentresultla Ucnt; we have lost nothing In losing her. Wei something by It. The necessity of union sad ^ Charleston to ooly the more atrongly acan unite withouttakingop Mr. Dsogtoe. inrldge.and last,toough net least,G«Better to the Nor th than Douglas. Towould be to aaesmte the trtoads ofaad we cannot afford to sacrificeDouglas. The swmtoatina of Mr.break up the party in the South NowiUnotbelpMr. Douglas. Woof theStrntotofstto" Mr. Douglas; and ha mast submit or rebel T«fair and square iasue upon the 'Inepressfftet ci The republicans of Ccngreas proreas to be very much tickled with the indignant and justifiable protest put la yesterday against the proceedings of the Bouse, to the matter of Mr. fevede's special investigating committee of five. Thus, the attentive visiters among the republican members at the Capitol, may hear such exclamations as these-'—"Oh! it wan ^desperate effort of the old gentleman to raise a cloud of dent over the revelations of Haskin's committee on the printing." "Old Buck wants to playand the laws, to "regulate their affairs in their own way." It to, moreover, contended.by every oonstlUitionalwho is known-»«/-«, that the act of forminga sovereign State and -a constitutionrepublicant o form'and substance, ytsMto the try power and authorityHartford aad other pisses; hat by eleven s%s*nt with heads op, aad with freassat tfo stone to W. H. Seward at "the coming mam," t*mtaw tables upon the forlorn desnenraep, and retired to user late upon the grand tivtokm nest spriag of the spak i!if they can embarrass and annoy the Prestdeni, andds- of the explorations for n Northern Pacific Railroad route, would have dona bettor. Be pleads extenuating circum- Dickinson, Cobb and Breckinridge coincidenti (heOwifwisviwfmittFlmform-TkttrmprivehimandhisadTnlntolrattfwofthe"glory"ofUseewhich,atfivedollarsftcopy,willamounttothesumofstances.""Federslism!Why,OldBuckwouldhaveatwithDouglssinhisconstructionortherightoofthepeo-YorkortheNorthwestWemayraveNewTortajaiasm Oie Quettiont of tXe IXiy—Hm £4- treaties? fifty thousand dollars for this bit of extra printing. IntowillmakethetenthvolumeofthesePacificRailroadre- knowthathetoeveryinchaking.''«AndtheDouglas• OMost CkesdesTnw for Ou Prttiie»cy, Tho dinner party yesterday at the executive mansia ports, all of whichtogetherwin hare cost for the r/rtnting, men are laughing in their sleeves." » Wait till Hickman was exclusively recAercsi. Mass Lane received tho Prat- engraving and coloring of the pictures, dm., the neat UtSsdent's guests twenty five thorough going democrats, si sum of attoastone million of dollars. So, after alt, Master reports the case back Trom the Judiciary Committee. He8to, more or Jam, of say federal appendage or Territory, Seward; but our last hope is the BerssatoM." Bsfavor of the exercise of any rights or privileges guaran- teed under the constitution and the tows, while he appa- rently favors the demagoguical exercise aay how and to aay way.Douglas aad hto strikers are ss busy at "bees to ft tar backet;" albeit they bare little mere chance for him than ehas a cat in a very hot place without claws. Both Dou- l and Guthrie have trusty "strikers" aad agents who e their "meaJa" at one of the principal hotels here. Every man who makes his appearance here to forthwith oneefoutmomrefinedhouses. Amongthemwastho andweirEsUmaUtupontorn*otherMan—resJV»i-edStates." Thatprotest,afteraviolentandprotracted 'struck." Butsometimesa"tickback"togivenwhichindicate their estimates and their purposes to thto matter. Printer. Andwhatearththegoodbook:"Hethatpro- On the democratic side, however, there to aWASHINGTON, March 20, ltflo.struggle, resulted to the passage of the " expunging reso-denft Special Message and the Anti-Lewmpton DouglasUemocracy—lhe Istue Clou at Hand—The Bulk of the Dstee-ad of the last year of his administration, be would becompetent upon this protest of his to bring about before %ocracy with the President—A Nice Question for ift*Mr. Douglas and Hit Prospects—the Southern DemtoracyeaiU,and the waters of the earth, and the four winds of the loir corners of the earth, to Impress the conviction upon iverj body everywhere that Douglas to the only man w«o can save the democratic party—that DOuglas tofrom thto house before the American, people : and the pluck of " Old Buck " to refusing to be treated as a mere lacquey of the Bouse ef ttsmsaiBBaBiat, will muster to his defence a more formidable host than that which made him President. •*%•-rorce their pet upon the South; but the Southern people art prepared for this, aad are willing that the Union should slide rather than take Douglas.Southern and national voters very naturally distrust any man who can obtain the support aad advocacy of each apostates as J. Wateon Webb, John W. Forney and othersJames the First."Such exclamations as these from the republicans willreminds us very much of the spirit of the partyhis protest to the Senate, against their resolutions declar-posits." to be in derogation of the Constitution of the Unit-The republicans have two .ether measures, however, soldiersandstrangersofdistinctionnowhere.AidedaatheoniymanwhocangivetothsCharlestonConventiontheuponwhichtheyexpecttosnakesomecapitalamongtheofthatclam,whosefirstchoicetorthePresidencyisW.andwecannothaveftwithMr.Doughs."she was by her fasdnatrng sister-in-law, Madame de Leon, and her two lovely and graceful daughters, she certainlyeesurencof success—that Douglas is the only democratic eandidaiewhotofeared by the republicans—that Douglas is the only mm who can drive them from Seward to a more national candidate, an 1 that Douglas or Seward must be the next Proident of the United States.manufacturing and •« labor States" of the North. These measures art the free Homestead bill and a new protective tariff bill. The Homestead bill has passed the House, but will stick to the Senate, or will be knocked in the head by an Executive veto. A protective tariff bill has been pre pared for the consideration of toe House, and will be passed by that body in lessonforthe action of the senate this session: but there it will stick tost, because there is a a majority of the Senate from the Southern and WesternH. Seward. These political parasites and vampyres "go to" Ibt the man to whose wake may be found the larger amount of political and pecuniary spoil aad plunder. Ey are of those who "crook the pregnant binges of thee that thrift amy follow fawning."In the case of Forney, B to generally understood thataeither Douglas nor his more immediate friends aad workers here, such at Hews, Harris and Gormen, are dia- poeed to "rwear by him," or to trust him any further thanWe are further advtoed that should the Crisrietw » vention, onder the management of a Keetoeraraaen of dekgamt from repawnuan States, bring ate* J Bominatioa of Mr. Douglas, there will toe^asir bolt on the pan of the dsssjonitip States Iand this movement will be snore dtaastrooa toto* tosn the bolt of Van Boron to MS. Bat stosmen confidently expect thst the moral w e ^ democrattc Stoles win control the e>from the Northern repoahcaa states, conviction, the great body af the Soul Congress have cot the shgutest fear of I^Oa^fStballotfttoesthnsAsdUmtthereiriD tf net quite two-thirds of the P~her sumptuous house bear off the palm on receptionrax rasBromrr *xt> not OOVODB coatMrrrsn.The impressions attempted to be made by telegraphof Mr. Wendell before the Covodeln- to Impugn the official integrity of the President or the Cabinet, are quiteerro-neous and do great injustice to those functionaries. The potato on which the partisan fabricators of found their Umtauations against the athe DesjoQations between Wendell and Rice, of liinwisM IBs) reel facto, as will be shownhenthewholeevidencewpublished,arethatthe,at theinstance of influentialdays.Inthevestibaleof the House, in the halls surroundingthe Senate chamber, to going to or returning from the ca-pltol, in the barnoms of the hotels, on the avenue, morning 8 ^ « ? ^ I , 5 r ? e ^ w * * w t o a tetn* •*»• Nsjeltmtw the law allows. Some of these laborers tn the Douglasof tltab theT theto «w di.i t nnnoon end night, the searcher after knowledge will expo-'rienosBodifficulyin finding n Douglas man, perhaps ftDouglss delegate, Vut ten to one a Douglaa lobby man, com patenttosetalstheesenttonInfivemmutestafaverorthe theNorthwestandnottoPennsylvaniaandNew HSS?* *>—m*ha«l|r.IaiogbtofttCh«^ But lortnelrNorthernbalance of power. Thus,vineyard M a t t hesitate to prOBOUaeethe ward ''trastoeV' when alluding to Forney. The President, they say, has eminent reason to use the words of Lear to spesklag ofhto manga." How sharper than a serpent's tooth It is to haveathanklesschild." AndtothinkthatScheliwas greenenough to trust Forneywith $30,000! MorethaniPennsylvania,gavetoRicetheappointment *•**2^J!^5*2to,ld" to-: «dtheyeeryw«U ruanasHunterInreferencetoNewYojk,orunderstand, too, that while a two thirds vote will be re- man as Breckinridge, or Lane, or Andrew Johnson of quired to make the democratic nomination, Mr. Douglas will Tennessee, to reference to the West. Mr. Guthrie is sup-xsS5ggsjg*>?'^-~** as.towit— _ _" gt Prmlnmc*Jtm. Hetoboundto totMvoteefthe Bsush................•»•-•enter the c invention with lmt than one third of the elec- toral vote, and that he will not have a vote to begin»SRS»SSS ESZXL?*' All the rivals of Mr. Douglas for the Charleston nomi- nationarecomparativelyeasylatheir boon,particularly those of the South. They feel easy, from the ooaviction Lb*V•M;J)0,J«,'! ^ °«»7 c'and.deto who would b i ! ! i l P H R J T O i J ? " S ^ " 1 . f l ? »• tenet - « « of the question. The solid democratic vate of the Sjefh most t amy otherposed to be popular among the iron men of Pennsylvania, because of hto policy of an extensive use of American iron in the erection of government buildings of all kinds, andgererameBtveaatoto; but the protection of Amerlaan induatry.ascomprehendedinahightariff, ar asto the specific duties ofto the thing for Pennsylvania. But this isvery thing wham the Charleston Conventioncot be brought to sanction, and so the democracy must provide a way of success through New York or the West The conservative opposition balance ef power to New York still stands aloof fromopposition balance of power to Pennsylvania hastlally fused with the republieaa party under ths«tag of Geo. Cameron, and a new tariff bill hiwhich the republicans are to pay for it. T h s . .free trade democracy, who control the democratic party,party—Seward or Douglas, Oo- repubUcaas or the Douglasr-to Forney s professedor personal fortunes, let him lookCalifornia aad Oregon New Yerk.....#•"•*• •"'• «...•.*•..••«.#•#»••••" |mantoan t n tWith this sond vote cracy have three all of power n«JaTteWiof therebellion. Iftrthern- », *es\ manufactures,-:«?jssthat Mr. _oratio Seymour Imveeach thetriftrttftttoconsidered the to carry the Nerthwest,Untitled DocumentAnd it is upon thw issue of the tariff that the Charles- ton Convention will be compelled to look to New York orOf the President,will show mat the bulk ofthe democratic party sew « MMadministration,and ytefd to the voice of the party or take the ocn-_prehend Mr Douglas willtornnil Che JTM**"** £ •frieads say be has bees gaining in toe party •toeetoemeeting of this Congress. The Issue will soon oe meow, 'bssed upon military principles." Hence this republican The bill sad a reportcured. From that day to thto, however, the Southern would seem to give some color, at leant, to the apparentlycan-the chances are against any definitive action on the sub-Washington to know what could be done to the awJowtogHouse would have been refilled with the multitudes which. ease:—A slave woman, the mother ef eleven children, thorough aad able, aad supported Che House a s a «of the kind, and thus the attendance to the galleries was shipped off, leaving behisd her husbsnd-ths pro failure to carryflrrmrirtiiBlla s him on the sheftog the village ef GreytowaMSat V f Be aauaMHalftaV*BBBBsVBssmsn \n**m at. • "~ ' Mr. Douglas the President, the for- thropy consistent with the unconquerable prejBdtoaa of 7 t a e Bay of - ? i " * ! - * 7 * » • » • » • • en*And it is upon this rtioe queetlon that we ap-of the - Thebasto of thisproject of Africanizing Central America will, without at aa adjourne d met doubt,becomeftplankofthettmjillsnftOetcegeplat- Taylorwillmakeaa great I V PreMtnVt Mtmgt an* Us Effect upon the House—Mr.electioneering measure. But between the various plansCohbs Withdrawal as a PreHdential Oandidale-PoUcythe three routm proposed, the enterprise will tall thro this session, it to tewed. The special mmmaHil of the Boose have substantially decided to favor ef the Central route, which will pass through, orof the Pikes Peak gold mines, and the newlyand most astounding mineral rtwursm oa tiside of Utah Territory. The majority of the House will also support this route. <On the other hand, the favorite route af the Senate hi the Soothers or Gadsden country route—the shorten route by several hundred miles, t a d ft route which, turning the great mountain chains which rise to the north- ward, presents comparatively a dead level all the way through, a a d a route which, in passing through Artsona, will, it Is believed, develope the richest mineral resources of the globe, and draw to the road aa immense traffic irom the Mexican States.Of course toe road by this route would be most advaa- tageeus to tho South; but its eastern terminus would be the same as that ef say other ream the eity of New York. A bto w111 probably he passed by each house, and it is possible that then some compromise may bs hit upon: hat the session to »esrtag ajray sseoatisae, sadour white population of the free as well as the slave States; , a free negro bulwarkCharleston—•'Strikers'' at Work—Forrest Letter Forney—ritory subordinate to the "Gentile" majority thereof, andsubject to their Territorial laws and regulations, A fede-raljudicialdistrictmeachofthesenewTerritorieswouldmake the work of Mormon subjugation complete, and thus hia withdrawal from the Presidential Mat a sag sacrificing Mr. Dickinson did repeatedly address himself to thtothese contumacious and intractable polygauusto of Salt act. Tor the sake of dernocratis harmony to Georgia. subject of popularity, but it may safely he as- Douglas—the AUeged AnU-Douglas Oonspiraem m n to the Lake Valley, and its dependencies, would soon be resmoodrights wing of the party to Georgia have never come to ft sincere sad earnest attempt of hto friends. Years ago, finalsettlementwithMr.Cobb,sni s>wemayconsiderefo far as « known, the four gentlemen namedrepudiate as tots the construction essayed bythe Stale* and Union upon their speeches, dBBamaaa af ssjsatoa. The Douglasupoa the maa for ths Northwest there to a lajstMew Jarssy.. ,••••••••••• ••*»•••••«••»•«•****-TotsVl.*..••«••-.Toiay nothingof thevoteofthe Newt-delegates from which are by no r - temp for Mr. Douglas. Thef-'.;* JH, „ ,* •*• *••. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 